Continued on - Page Two,
Feb. 6.-At about 1:15 this
morning just, as the Plttsburg harbor
towbpat J. ,W. Ailes had passed through
lock No. 2 her boilers exploded, throwing
her ! crew- of- fourteen In all directions
Three, of the .crew are known to be fa
tally, hurt and only five others have betn
¦accounted: for.:- ; ¦ ' '.
Towboat Boilers Explode.
Escape "With Ransom Monev
¦'LONDON;. '-.Feb.- 4.— The Sofia corre
spondent of' the Times reports that dur
lng.the negotiations with the brigands for
<thev release. of Miss Stone, the captive
missionary^ the house in which the Amer
ican 'party was lodged was burned down
.but the inmates escaped with the money
to be paid as ransom.
\ ; "I am asked should a self-respecting,
woman wear* tights on - trie < stage? I That
depends upon circumstances. - In : some
"Indeed; the stage is continually. draw-
Ing" upon society for reinforcements," and
these reinforcements, bring with them the
tone and culture that prevail among; the
best classes without the theater. The re
lations of the stage to society are becom
ing more cordial every day. It is ; not
likely that the previous training of these
persons would be . without its effect on
manners . and- morals behind the curtain.
In fact, I believe that there, is no differ
ence, from the standpoint of. morality or
manners, between the stage and society.
society elsewhere.'
"Life behind the footlights . means ton-'
Etant and hard work, and hard .work is
the greatest preservative against tempta
tion. The popular conception of it as an'
endless frolic of midnight, dinners, with
unlimited revelry and abandon, is refuted
by the most primitive knowledge, of Its
haste, its constant " motion', its exhaust
ing labors and rehearsals and its unend-.
Ing study. These necessities are resulting.
In a "pronounced uplifting, of .the person-,
nel of the stage, which is now, I believe,
on a level with representative cultured
on the Stage. •-._ j
"As a matter of fact,' life in the theat
rical • profession • holds somewhat more
temptations for a woman than does the
life pt the Ordinary woman iri domesjtid
surroundings, but for that matter there
is temptation everywhere, arid . every
where women are ..forced to fight against
It. There Is, however, another: side .to
the story, arid that Is that there are many
gentlemen as well as ladles on' the stage;
and that their conduct is as unexception
able as that of similar persons- elsewhere.
. ."This . prejudice, .is. parsing- away, but
very slowly.. It is now and then-Intensi
fied by the moral- delinquencies of some
great artist, whose genius' does not suffer
from these delinquencies; but whose repu
tation, and with it < that: of the stage gen
erally, - does.' The ' public is . wont, and . I
believe unjustly, to Judge 1 , the entire stage
world by the actions ot the few. ," ' i
her Majesty, the Queen, the exceptional
circumstances' In which one of the bel
ligerent parties In South "Africa is placed,
which prevents it from communicating di
rectly with the other belligerent, consti
tutes'one reason for the prolongation of
the war, which is still raging without
pause or end, and which causes so much
misery. It- is, in fact, an exceptional cir
cumstance ' that : one of the belligerent
parties is completely shut in and sepa
rated'from the rest of the world and that
the Boer representatives in Europe are de
prived fof all means of communicating:
with the general comandingr their forces.
j "The difficulty thus arises, for the au
thorities who ought to negotiate for tha
Boer, side are divided Into . two sections,
which are deprived of all means of de
liberating together. It is evident that
the Boer delegates _ in Europe can , do
nothing because, they do not know the
state of affairs in South Africa, and that
the Boers in the field are obliged to ab
stain - from taking any step because they
are hot .- cognizant of the state of affairs
In Europe^, Moreover, tHe delegates In
Europe are bound by their letters of cre
dence^ which- were, drawn up in March,
1900, which bind them so strictly to the
independence of 'the 'republics that they
could i.not even be permitted to accept
the re-establlshment of the status quo
ante-bellum if a mode of settling disputes
which might arira were not laid - down
at. the same time. • These 'circumstances
give rise # to a question whether the of
fer of good offices could not be usefully
made .by a .neutral . power, in. order to
render, at' - least possible negotiations
which; otherwise, could not be opened.
For. this reason it would " be Important
to ascertain whether it- would 'be agree
able to the ", Britannic Government to
make.!use of the good offices of a neu
tral pbwejr. 'If such; good offices are con
fined to .the task of placing in communi
cation negotiators to be appointed by the
two; ; parties,; the Holland Government
might- perhaps be considered as indicated
for- the: performance of that task, seeing
that the Boer delegates are in the Neth
erland - territfiry and accredited to that
Government alone. If his Britannic Ma
jesty's Government should agree : to this
.view, the Government of her .Majesty the
Queen .would have to inquire of tha Boer
delegates, whether they are willing to pro-
,"No more pure and beautiful lives can
be imagined . than are. led by 'some actors
and actresses whom I know. Moreover,
among such alone is success possible un
der the Increasing standard of excellence
set by the /public. I am happy to say,
that jpefsons who exact such lives from
'other's and live them themselves are daily
joinlrigthe 'ranks of the. profession, beau
tifying it by their example and uplifting
it by their practice.
V.. "I-thinkVthat ,thls view of actors and
actresses is, gaining ground rapidly and
that it will be only a year or two before
;the stage will be looked upon 'as just. as
high bred and illustrious a profession for
a man, to follow as law or medicine, or
'any mercantile pursuit Is now; while for
a, woman it.- will -be regarued as just as
legitimate as vocal or instrumental con
cert; work.'.' ¦„.,.' \V ¦ • .
J "Personally; I will state that I should
ayoid any -part requiring such a costume,
and. if the choice were between adopting
sucli'a^costume and leaving the stage, I
should 'prefer to leave the stage.
"There are so many cases In which no
respectable "motive .Is fulfilled by tho
wearing" of tights that unreflecting per
sons are- apt to ascribe a want of moral
discernment- to all theatrical persons
merely because theaters of a certain class
and so-called actresses who appear in
th'em 1 violate the efiiical code by their
manner, of apparel, and sometimes even
by their, public actions. !
• Flea of the Netherlands.
The . text ; of : the communication of "¦ the
Dutch .Minister to 'Lord Laridsowne is. as
follows: ;. . ' . ' • • • :
V 'In. I the ; opinion - of; -. the " Government lot
¦a period of-' at least three months would
elapse,, during which hostilities, would be
•prolonged "and "much' human : sufferin§r,
perhaps, needlessly > occasioned. ~. I ha.ve,
-etc^r'^ '¦¦¦ «."'-¦ >; -'¦ - : 'LANSDOWNE/'
i; connection his : Majesty's Gov
ernment,, has , decided tjhat^.if 'the ""Boer
.leaders should desire to enter, negotiations
for i tie purpose of bringing the war 'to an
ena,,,"thdse negotiations must take place,
not.in Europe/ but in South Africa. >
; "It sh9uld,' moreover, be borne iri mind
[th'ati if- the"- Boer .leaders -are -.to • occupy
time In visiting South Africa, in consult
ing • with j Boer -leaders ; in . the . field a nd ; I n
'returning to. Europe, for the purpose of
making known the results of their errand.
'¦''I* may, therefore," point out. that It is
not at 'present clear to "his 'Majesty's Gov
ernment that the delegates retain any in
fluence over the representatives of Boers
in South Africa or have any voice in their
councils.' • They are stated, by the Nether
lands Government to have ; no j such let
ters of credence or instruction of a later
date .than 'March, 4900- ! His Majesty's
Government.- on ' the other . hand, under
stood.that all .the, powers of the'Govern
ment.-including those of negotiation, were
now completely vested In Mr. Steyn for
the Boers of the Orange Rirer Colony and
Mr.-Schalkburger for thbse of the Trans
vaal. If this is, so. It is evident that the
quickest and most . satisfactory means of.
arranging a settlement ' would be by di
rect, communication between the leaders
of the BQers in South Africa and the" com
mander-in-chief j of '¦ his Majesty's forces,
.who; has ••'already j bejen ' instructed ' to ' f 6r
ward ; immediately any offers he "may" re
ceive.for-the; consideration ( of his-Ma
jesty's Government. ' :. •
desire'. to lay a request for a safe conduct
before^his Majesty's Goverpment there is
no reason why the^y should not do so. But
his Majesty's. Government obviously are
not"in 'a position to express an opinion on
such -an-'appllcation until "they" have re
ceived^ it , and are aware of the precise na-;
ture "and grounds whereon the.requesris,
made; ¦' ' V. ' '. .. : '.'. '. . .- . v : ' > •
-."'. Lord Lansdowne's Reply. .
"The Foreign Office, Jan. 29.— Sir:' ; Tou
were good enough . to lay. before <me' JTanu-'
ary 25 a ; communication frpm'-the Nether- 1
lands Government ' in which -it. was . pro
posed J-that,;. with .the •.object', -of
bringing v the. {war;;. ;to,V any ;.' end,'
his ' Majesty's -Government ; might .- grant
a safe conduct to f the Boer ¦ delegates
now. in .Holland | for ; the; pufppse -of. en-,
ablirig them to confer with:the Boer lead
ers in South Africa. -It is. suggested. that:
after, a conference -the delegates imight re-;
turn to". Europe with. power to conclude a"
treaty '^ of ! peace 'with* this country,- and !
the Netherlands .Government -intimate's
that in this event theVi! might at a later!
stage be instrumental in -.placing the -Boer
plenipotentiaries in /relation ¦ with plenipo-'
tentiaries who might ' be .appointed by. his .
Majesty. The . Netherlands"; Government
Indicates that If this project j commends
Itselt^to \ his' Majesty's ' Government, they,
will inquire of thedelegates whether they
are prepared to make 'the suggested visit
to. South". Africa." ;¦" It may. therefore be. in
ferred that' the communication! I. received
"was ".made: on .the': responsibility of -Ithe
Netherlands Governrnerit aibne,' and ''wlth'w'
out. authority cot 7 the .'Boe'r^ 'delegates or
leaders.. His /Majesty's Government-; have
given' it' their best - -.consideration, * and
while entirely appreciative of the, motives
'of humanity which: led -the Netherlands
Government to ; make tnis proposal, they
feel that they 'must adhere; to the position
adopted and publiciy -announced '_; by I them
acme months, after* "the commencement .'bit
hostilities: by,' 1 the I Bebrs-^that" it was riot
their intention 'to' accept; theantervehtibn
of any foreign power: in the South 'African
.war." ¦•;¦ ,'¦ ¦)- . I *^V'"'-" -:•:¦'". -'
• "Should : the - Boer- delegates : themselves
is as follows:
¦jj " ONDON, Feb.i4:— The British* Gov-!
I eminent ..replied to Dr. Kuyper,'
1^- the Dutch Premier, that if the
. ¦ Boers . in' the field desire to
tiate for 'peace negotiations \;an
be .entered into, but '-only in- South Africa,;
The* British Government adheres to its In
tendon'.to riot'accept^the intervention of
any' foreign power.'.The. text, 'of the reply
of Lord Lansdowne,-.the ¦ British -Foreign'
Secretary.' to the communications of, Dr.
Kuyper, the iPremier^of. the Netherlands,'
-COUSIN .OF. PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT WHO IS NOW PLAYING IN A
THEATER IN THE EAST AND . WHO EXPECTS TO ACHIEVE
GREAT. SUCCESS AS AN ACTRESS. C '
' BRITISH AND. "toUTQH .STATES
MEN WHO" ISSUED THE CORRE
; SPONDENCE ON BOER PEACE
I- OVERTURES. • ,
"If you ask me why I have crone upon
the stage, I can tell you in a word that
I found It necessary to have an object and
an ambition, and that' my tastes and in
clinations led me to Fek them on the
Etage. Had my tastes or inclination^
pointed elsewhere I should have followed
them there. I believe that a woman is en
titled to 6ek an object in life and she
ehould in seeking it consult her own abili
ties and knowledge of her own aptitudes.'
I consider my most probable chance of
success to be on the stage.
"I am aware thai to many persons this
may «eem a radical Btet>. There Is -a
prejudice of ancient standing against the
stage and particularly against the stage
woman, be her talents ever so great or her
success ever so gratifying. The same per
sons who will enjoy a theatrical perform
ance look upon the footlights as separating
them from a phase of life full of myster
ies and danger* and inhabited by a race of
beings whose status is different from thai
of the rest of mankind. "
Just Taste and Inclination.
For more than a year Miss Roosevelt
has been preparing herself for a stage
career under the tutelage of Mr. and Mrs.
Hackett and in their next production Miss
Roosevelt will be cast for an important
role. Miss Roosevelt has a leaning
toward literature and one of the examples'
cf her ability was given to the public
when she contributed to a Philadelphia
paper the following article on "The Re
lation of the Stage to Society." •
Like many other"aspirants: for histrionic
honors. Miss Roosevelt .has shared in a
little love drama, that, however, ended
In divorce. The man i who was h^r hus
band was Baron Wilhelm Mumm, the
eldest -son of the last Lord Mayor' of
Frankfort, Germany. The marriage ' of
the young people took place In New. X 01 "^
7Aa.y 30, 1898, though the wedding was not
made public until after the couple arrived
in Paris. f ;
The young actress formerly was MaudeS
Roosevelt lye Vinsren of New York. Dur
ing the season of 1838 Miss Le Vinsen was
much seers in Washington and 'New York
•society, being . entertained in-' the. capital
l>y her cousin, the Baroness von Orendorf;
the part of the Queen of. Sn.ain
In James K. Hacketts "Don Caesar's
Return" company, is looked upon as a
young woman -with a brilliant theatrical j
career before her. Miss Roosevelt, who j
has for many years been a warm friend
of Mary Manhering, the wife of Hackett*
made her stage debut at • Wallack's
Theater several weeks ago. and although
her identity was unknown to the theater-^
going public, her work in a minor part im
mediately attracted the attention of those
•who have seen the presentation of "Don j
Caesar's Return." ;
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
Iff. W.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.—
Maude Rcosevelt, a cousin of^the
President, who is now playing
¦ While .they, were .in, their ,¦ primitive
stage they .; were j the ; scenes ': of ,- great : ac
tivity and no little excitement.' Witnesses
of the early period of : their existence say
that in one •; day ' lumber | piles' \becarrie
buildings ; in". which; were} lodgings/ restau
rants; saloons; gambling-houses.' Farther
on tov/ard- sunrise were; thousands of la
borers tolling and accumulating money to
bring back'. to: the termini,; there to rain
a golden shower 'upon the keepers of ail
sorts of ; places.', '- The , great" majority ' of
the laborers were Chinese, but their nat
ural avarice" did 'not ;p>'e\Vrit' ; them: from
nestled.
A large: proportion of the towns along
the 'Central Pacific line ; in Placer
County came/ into . existence solely
by. -reason of ; the .¦ fact that ¦, they
were temporary termini of . the road
while it was being! constructed over the
steep grades of the Sierras. S Such was ths
fact as regards „'. Coif ax, at which . there
was a pause, of,: spine -time while - the
track building was going ori up toward 'the
cloudlahd of .the picturesque Cape Horn
and above : that. : When the line became
operative' these communities so created
had ' sufficient .population, to make \ them
eligible stations for the new road. With
the exception .'of , the .places which .owed
their origin to the -rich placers that be
stowed their ¦ golden ¦. sands upon the ad
vent'urous, • the road at first "ran ¦•' forVtlie
most • part\ through, an -Alpine ' wilderness
from the time it- began the eastern climb
until it debouched -upon :-the"" :Trucfcee
meadows^' beyond California's border" line.
So the temporary termini became stations
and in time Jthe i neuclel jof towns in which'
have* risen ; .flcnoolhouses,X hotels,: business
buildings, homes for; the rising 'genera-,
tion. They seemed to have assured,' to,
them' a permanency., coeval with '.the eter
nal granite .mountains . upon J.whlch '. they ;
Origin of Towns.
Nothing new : concerning the situation
was learned in this city yesterday. The
statement in* an interview made by Chief
Engineer Hood • ' of • the '" Central Pacific
road Monday evening was unqualified
and .to the effect that some towns ,- in
Placer County.. will be left off the road.
The people' of Placer County- will able
by watching the lines that are run : V\
learn -.the facts, concerning the .intended
changes sooner than any one not directly
connected with the railroad! and they v/ill
undoubtedly avail themselves of their ad
vantages in.; the^. matter that so greatly
concerns them.
\ The Call's correspondent at Loomis has
interviewed. leading citizens, and "the pre
vailing 'opinion is that Loomis' will not
suffer any material injury. At Loo'rriis it is
understood that the lower. end of the sur-;
vey began in that town and that the pres
ent and proposed lines diverge' about half
way between Loomis arid Penryn. On
general principles the. citizens of Loomis
are antagonistic. to any 'change. that shu.ll
harm any community inPlacer. County.
The correspondent' of The Call at'Au-
burn reports that a 'corps of surveyor,'
presumably": tho^e who have been at'-, work:
at Cisco, have r been '-surveying' at New-'
castle tbe^ last, ten days' and that/th«iy
have. reported that they have a gain of
eighty feet in' grade' in' a nine-mile sur
vey northeast'of , Rockliri, -.the' /starting
point. ;¦:.,¦. r ...,.;.. . . : .'
'were, received' from the cor
. respondents, of The Callat Auburn , arid
Loam's, in Placer "Cjpunty, "last evening,
in which the; anxiety of, the people '¦''¦ was
depicted. ; Before .the story In The Call
there were rumors published In the- local
papers in Placer" County, /but no more.
Some of the people at -Auburn entertain
the view, that the 'Improvements on ¦ ''the
line of the Central] Pacific over, the moun
tains were; so expensive ..that. there is lit- j
tie. danger.'that- there, will be a ' radical
change in tbe!l!no*j:oute,.e!jpeclally above
Colfak-V^Generai^Jo "ff amillcntaaM- there"
might be an opening for an electric line
if' therc.shoiya bV a ; change Jn the'foct
hiil, oountryr* -:-*-•". -^ ¦ -'; ; s r '•''.'' i • .• •¦
People Are Anxious.
| The exclusive, story-published in : The
Call yesterday morning '..concerning the In
tention of the Central Railroad
management to '•.¦leave.' certain ; towns in
Placer^ County 'off the "overland, route cre
ated the sensation; in Placer County that
might have been expected.' .Old-time resi
dents of Placer , County. who now live in
San Francisco were "also 'jlargely inter
ested. The . general" expression of opinion
in this city, was that If; the rails of ;the
Central Pacific should be ! laid at, a dis
tance from any of the': present large, ship
ping towns that' do a; great business with
the East In .marketing fruits .warehouses
would spring up again by the 1 rails and
.the , business" of the ; fruit - growers would
not be discontinued. , What., might, hap
pen tothe places high up- In the Sierras
was only conjectured. 'No' one oh the out
side knows Just ; where lithe 1 new line of
the Central Pacific • road will 'be located.
It is recalled .that Placer County aided
the -original -builders of the road by pur
chasing $100,000 of the bonds, 'and also that
Individual help was largely given in the
bestowal 1 of,- rights 1 of 'way that were
needed. ¦ . ..'.'-. ii '» .''-' ".
Tha Cell Qives ExeluBiye Information
. of Intention tioJ^L«ave Cer- ;
' tain Tdwri^Toff the . - !
Mountaineers Ekdited by Bel >
road's - Plans. >a R©.
v •; - - ported.- — - - -
character!, leg ltlmately dramatic, the
adoption of man's costume by women li
unavoidable.. When, therefore, for purely
artistic reaBons a wpman dons tights she
is'doing nothing wronift When ehe wears
them merely to pander to the grossneas
of an audience she 1b obviously '" doing
wrong. The' distinction Is easy and ob
vlovis. ".. '. •*.•'¦
Miss Maude Roosevelt, Who Is Now Playing a; Queenly Role at a Theater
in the East; Explains Why She Is on the Stage and How Arduous Is
the Life of the Persons Behind the Effulgence of the Footlights
Central j Pab-fla: Force : of
Engineers . at 'New-* : I
... ... -castle^- ¦— - : »-
COUSIN OF THE UNITED STATES PRESIDENT
TELLS OF HER AMBITION AS AN ACTRESS
AND DECLARES SHE WILL NEVER WEAR TIGHTS
Request of ; the^Diitch That Special Commissioners Be Given
¦ Sbfer Conduct io; Entef Negotiations Is Met Wjth the Statement That
to Initiate the Proposal
GREAT BRITAIN'S REPLY TO NETHERLANDS'
PLEA FOR PEACE IN SOUTH AFRICA IS THE
BOERS THEMSELVES MUST MAKE OVERTURES
PLACER SEES
MEN RUNNING
NEW SURVEYS
BAN FRANCISCO, KpBNE8D^t,HFEBRp 4RX 3, -] 1902,
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 67;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
-Continued on Page Tyro*PLACER SEESHEW SURVEYS MAKING
Continued From Page One.
GREAT BRITAIN'S REPLY TO QUTCH
To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Laxative Bromo-Qutnine , removes the cause
t... W. Grove 8- signature on every box. , •
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 4.— At a meeting
of the Kern City Board/of Trustees last
evening Dr. McKenzie was removed from
the Health Board at the request of the
health officers. This action was taken be
cause of Dr. McKenzle's action in having
failed. to notify. the proper authorities of
the fact that he was a sufferer from varl
oloid. ¦; : .-.,.. ...-..¦
Dr. McKenzie Is Ousted.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man. Ideal Fountain Pens," to: $10
each, andV sole; agents for the "Marshall,"
the best $1 Fountain Pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
The Best Fountain Pens.
RED BLUFE. Feb. 4.-The Coroner's in
quest over the body of Fred Christie,' en
gineer of the Tehama Electric Company,
resulted in a' verdict that "death resulted
from the crushing of the skull in a man
ner unknown to the Jury." The testimony
seemed to sustain the theory ofaccidental
death Instead of murder. ' «
Not a Victim of Murder.
It was stated to-day by a Republican
member of the Ways and Means Commit
tee that there was little further doubt
that the committee would report some
measure of Cuban reciprocity. Another
member of the committee expressed - the
conviction that the rate of reduction
would be about 20 or 25, per cent. Other
members are of the opfnion that definite
conclusions as to the course of the com
mittee are not yet wararnted. ¦ - :
Chairman Payne says there is no ma
terial change in the status of the subject
as the hearings recently held have not
yet been printed, and these are regarded
as quite important in assisting' toward
a solution of the question. .,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.-Representa
tives Babcock and Long, Republican
members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, called on President Roosevelt to
day and discussed with him Cuban reci
procity.
ter Is • Still Doubtful.
gressmen and Action on the Mat-
President Has Conference With Con-
BEPBESENTATIVES TALK
OF CUBAN RECIPKOCITY
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 4.-The charred
remains of A. T. Vail, a weU-known pio
neer rancher, were found in the ruins of
his house at Aravapai Canyon, elghty
nve miles from Tucson. The supposition
is that the house was burned by Apache
Indians who roam that section. It is be
lieved that the Indians killed Vail, looted
the house and burned it. The Indians are
much dissatisfied on account of the.Gov
ernment cutting on* their rations.
Found in the Ashes of His
Home.
INDIANS jKIXL RANCHER
AND BXTBN HIS H0USK
Remains of an Arizona Pioneer Are
MORE BODIES ARE FOUND
IUT THE WRECKED MINE
Government Authorities in Mexico
Superintend Work Where the
Terrible Disaster Occurred.
AUSTIN, Feb. 4.— A dispatch from Sa
blnas, Mex., says the number of known
dead in the Hondo mines, near here, has
grown to 115 and It Is believed that there
are at' least twelve more dead bodies in
the underground chambers.
The task of removing the debris is stu
pendous. The workmen are conducting
the search for dead bodies under the di
rection of the Government authorities
To-day five miners were round alive in a
remote part of the mine. They were im
prisoned by falling coal. They had been
without food and water for more than
seventy hour* and were in a pitiable
condition. Most of the dead bodies have
been buried.
Burglar Has Disastrous Pall.
REDDING, Feb. 4.-Frank St. Claire
lies In the County Jail, unable to appear
to answer to a charge of burglary be
cause of injuries received while gaining
entrance to a local hardware store. St
Claire arranged to Fllde down a rope froni
a skylight, but fell from the ceiling to the
floor, striking on a stove. He managed to
loot the «tore. however, and carry. off his
plunder, but was later arrested and con
fessed. That was on Sunday. To-day he
could not arise from his prison bed and
was in great pain as the result of internal
injuries resulting from the fall. He may
not recover.
Ko Evidence Against Them.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 4.-The case
against the alleged conspirators in the
Midway shooting of last year was con
tinued to-day owing to the illness of Dis
trict Attorney Ahern. The charges against
four defendants— Dr. A. F. SchaferTE. J.
Boust H. C. Fertig and William Todd
nave been dismissed on the ground that
there was not sufficient evidence to hold
them.
COLFAX, Feb. :\4.— The citizens and
property owners ' of : Colfax are not
alarmed. over the preliminary survey now
being made by the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The-.survey for the big tunnel has
been completed. It will enter from the
east, near the level of Donner Lake and
emerge on the Yuba. north of Soda
Springs, a distance of five miles and 800
feet. After leaving the giant tunnel the
line was run for abdut three miles down
the Yuba, when, . owing to storms, the
surveyors' corps repaired to Newcastle
The company will run lines from the big
tunnel, irrespective of present towns, to
ascertain if a line can be found not to ex
ceed a 1 per cent grade or a 4 degree
curve. Should the company conclude- to
bore the great tunnel, it would take five
years work and until completed the cut
off line would not be built. Your corre
spondent has it from high authority that
there will be no abandonment of the main
line to a point east of Colfax, as It now
touches the leading towns and passes
through the* center of. the vast fruit
growing and fruit-shipping districts
BiglTunnel Irrespective of Towns.
Company Is Running Lines From
COLFAX- PEELS SECTJBE.
In this matter the citizens feel consid
erable anxiety, and should the report
prove. true Loomis will enter her vigorous
protest with her sister towns. In Placer
.County. It Is understood in Loomis that
the lower end of the survey began here,
and that the present and the proposed
lines diverge about half-way between thfs
place and Penryn. In this event Loomis
will remain in her present condition. As
citizens of Placer -County, looking at the
question on general^ principles,, the people
of Loomis manifest' considerable antago
nism to the change.'but'the danger is not
yet sufficiently probable to cause definite
public expression. ' ' '
LOOMIS, Feb. 4.— Little alarm has been
felt, in Lownis. regarding the j proposed
change in the Central Pacific Railroad
line. Nothing beyond a mere rumor had
been heard. The article in to-day's Call,
however, excited no little interest and dis
cussion. It is the prevailing opinion
among merchants, fruit men and growers
that no material damagre can be done
Loomis in a commercial way. At the
worstthe town could only be placed in a
position like that of Winters and Vaca
ville, and freight rates could .not be ap
preciably changed. The distance from
Rocklin is so shoTt that should Loomis be
left off the line the distance would be too
slight to affect it otherwise than in de
preciating the value of real estate on the
present site. . \
Where the New Line Begins.
loomis Has Rumor Concerning Point
IDEAS ABOUT. SURVEY.
BELFAST. Feb. 4. — It was announced from
Clanboye this morning that the Marquis of
Dufferin. who has . been' seriously ill for some
time past, ia growing weaker. •.
The tug Richmond, Captain McConnell,
reached Newport, R. I., to-day. Captain
McConnell, states that he was well out to
sea with his- tow at 6 o'clock on Sunday
night, off 'the Long Island coast, when
the' rope front, the forward ¦ barge parted
and the. barges were blown away from
the tug. ¦. ,'••., ,
NEW- YORK, FeU: 4.— There is every
reason to believe that three barges, coal
laden from" Newport News for Boston,
have been lost at sea as a result of the
storm of Sunday night, and that thirteen
persons'-have perished. ¦ ,. •' .- ;
The barges were the Antelope, Belle of
Oregon and Mystic Belle. They were In
tow of the tug Richmond, and the finding
of a piece of wreckage. bearing the letters
"O. P. E." lends confirmation -to other
information at .hand. • During' the height
of the blow the Richmond's heavy towing
hawser snapped • and the barges went
adrift, off Fire Island. Each barge had
on board three sailors. Besides these
there, were Captain Miller and his -wife,
who acted as cook on the barge Antelope;
Captain Harding on the Belle of Oregon,
and Captain Rogers on the Mystic;.Belle;
a total of thirteen persons. ' ' '. '
Supposed to Have Perished" in
Storm.
Thirteen Persons on Board tne. Boats
BARGES AND- CBEWS '.
; . . MAY HAVE BEEN LOST
William F. Cody, who 'afterward became
famous as "Buffalo Bill," rode In one con
tinuous trip 384 miles without stopping,
except for meals or to change horses.
President Lincoln's first message was car-'
ried from the Missouri River to Sacra
mento in seven days and seventeen hour
This is supposed to have been the quickest
trip for so great a distance that has ever
been made on horseback. With such rid
ing the regular time for letters between
San Francisco and New York was reduced
The quickest time ever made between
San Francisco and New York, by the over
land mail over wnat was known as the
Butterfield route was twenty-one days.
The pony express shortened this time to
ten days, according to the excellent nis
tory of Theodore H. Hittell. The railroad
superseded this service. Nearly 500 horses
were kept to do the pony express service.
There were 190 stations and 200 station
keepers and eighty-wonderful riders. Each
rider usually rode three horses, or about
seventy-five miles. .. . .
Here they were met by an enthusiastic
crowd with bands and torches. A proces
sion was formed and with music and con
tinuous cheers they were escorted to the
postoffice. ' " •• -- , *
Pony Express Riders.
The opening- of the Central Pacific road
to traffic between the East and the Gold
en Gate marked the beginning of a new
period, vhlch had in it as picturesque
features as the p/rst had possessed; But
there had earlier been, exhibited in the
overland • transit daring ¦ and dash that
make the blood still tingle when the
story is told, for there comes Into -view,
rising and falling as-a fiery horse speeds
across the plains toward the Sierras on the
journey to California, the rider :of the
pony express. He is gaunt, bronzed with
weather to the color of copper,' keen-eyed,
fearless of Indians or wild beasts, so bound
to his steed by the habit -of riding- that
he might well be a centaur. The first
pony mail left Sacramento on the Pacific
side and St. Joseph, Mo.,; to cross the
mountains and plains on April 3, I860. The
mail from' St. Joseph coming west passed
from rider to rider by way of the South
Pass. Salt .Lake, the Humboldt- River and
Carson Valley i to Sacramento, which it
reached on. April 13. The news of its
coming was hailed with great enthusiasm.
The California Legislature was In session
at Sacramento, and both houses adjourned
in honor -of the event and to -give "rider"
and mall welcome. It came in just in
time for the regular afternoon steamboat,
and the horse, rider and mailbag, just as
•they had come to Sacramento, took pass
age on the. boat and arrived at the wharf
at San Francisco on the morning of
April 14.
Although the memory of Californians is
apt to linger with fondness upon the an
ticipations that preceded the actual com
pletion of the first transcontinental' railr
road and to dwell upon the thrill* that
came to them when they knew that the
old overland rail, across which so many
thousands had painfully passed in "prairie
schooners," was banded from end to end
with iron and that "the States" were
thereby- brought immeasurably nearer to
them, it is unnecessary to recount the
history of the subsequent doings of the
railroad builders at any great length. , '
There was a mad, frenzied race east
of the. Sierras to meet the Union Pacific,
¦which was building westward as fast as
possible. Then there came the junction.
The meeting of the trains, with the spec
tacular driving of a golden spike from
California into a tie -of California laurel
by Senator Stanford has been pictured.
Days of Romance.
Every town on; the-'Central Pacific line
in Placer. County has a history of great
picturesqueiiess. -;i. There human nature
escaped -.the" shackles of conventionality
and the buoyant spirits of the brightest
and- most daring, young men of the land
had free play in a theater which nature
had provided on a gigantic scale. As
early as June, 1S65, the road "had been
completed to Clipper Gap. In the follow
ing September the line was at Colfax. In
1S66 thirty miles of road over the' Sierras'
were completed. In 1867 forty-seven "miles
were added. -Snowsheds, telegraph lines
and puffing construction trains were now
a familiar sight among the Immemorial
lairs of the grizzly bear and the mountain
lion. The last mentioned year saw the
completion of the line to the border of
California, near Verdi. The line has re
mained in its original location over the
snowy heights of the tall : SIerras to . this
day, unchanged, a period of nearly thirty
five years. In that period a new genera
tion of the sturdiest of California moun
taineers has grown up in the Sierras, who
nave bought land, made their homes and
established themselves in business.
Each successive terminus that was
established served to be the distributing
center for, the mines,, wnich then were
the • seen* of the ¦ feverish activity of
thousandS»of men. 'There -was an enor
mous teaming business : over ¦ the moun
tains. During the 'period of construction
of the Central pacific, land" before, it was
operating, . a statement - was . made by a
hostile -voice, .which has never been con
troverted, thai in one year the receipts for
freighting over the' Sierras; to V'Vtrginia
City, via Placerville, brought in the great
sum of $13,000,000. This was-; exclusive of
return freights -and r passenger -business.
This statement was used to show that- the
Central Pacific, which" was then- denounced
as the "Dutch -Flat swindle" ty its
enemies, was really only a scheme v to run
a railroad. out to the mines and secure
the profits from freighting. to the miners.
Centers of Distribution.
buying necessities. As for the hordes cf
white men who .-were accompaniments to
the construction of the first line to bind
the East and, the West together, they
spent their money freely, with the accus
tcmed liberalty of- all early Californians.
Adjutant General Corbln was questioned
to-day in regard to Major Lee's statement
in Parliament about having been offered
the services of the chief horse expert of
the United States army in securing horses
in this country for South Africa and said
that this was the first that he (Corbln)
had heard of it. What he did know as a
fact was that there had been no corre
spondence on the part of the adjutant
peneral's office with Lee or any one else
to warrant the statement that the United
States had assisted. <the British operation
in South Africa by the shipment of horses
or any other way. Moreover, General
Corbin said, he did not know, what -was
meant by the expression "chief horse ex
pert, there being no such office in the
United States military service. It is sug
gested that Lee referred to one of tho
large army, contractors who supply the
United States cavalry with mounts.
Resolved, By the Senate and the House, that
the Hon. Paul Kruger, President of the South
African rrnubllc. is hereby invited to visit th*
United States, as the guest- of the country at
such time as may suit his convenience, i For
the defrayment of the expenses incurred in his
entertainment while in this country the'sum of
?~.>,OOO, or so much thereof as may be neces
sary, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Representative
Cochran.of Missouri to-day introduced in
the House the following resolution:
An Invitation to Kruger.
In his weekly report to the War Office
Lord Kitchener states that for the week
ended February 1 twenty-nine Boers were
killed, six wounded, 142 taken, prisoners
and forty-eight surrendered.
The Premier has fixed the restoration of
peace in South Africa as the appropriate mo
ment to resign office. If the war is ended
Lord Salisbury will retire at the conclusion of
the present Parliamentary session, but it is his
present intention to retain his post until peace
is accomplished.
It is said the retirement of Lord Salis
bury from office will be coincident with
the end of the South African war. The
St. James Gazette to-day . claims it has
the highest authority for saying:
Salisbury May Retire.
The whole debate * on this question in
the House of Commons •• causes wide
spread indignation, which' Is as evident
among the strongest supporters of the
Government as among 9 the' members of
the opposition. The Ministerial press vi
ciously charges the War Office with ab
solute incompetency, if nothing worse,
and demands a searching inquiry, -hint
ing at the ¦ possibility that the more im
portant departments of the War Office
make no more creditable showing than
the remount department.
The accredited representative of the War
Office,- Colonel- Wardenop, the attache at
Vienna, was given no opportunity of showing
what knowledge he possessed of the resources
of the country. In the same way I, being mili
tary attache at Washington, was not informed
that there was any intention of buying horses
in the United States. I learned from the Amer
ican newspapers that British officers had been
sent to buy horses, but I 'was not informed
who they were, nor was I asked to give them,
such' assistance .as my position Implied I was
competent, to give.: At the time I had the op
portunity, through the good, will- of -a high
official, of getting the services of . the chief
horse, expert of the United States army as ad
viser. I cabled the suggestion to the War
Office, but I received no reply. .
In the House, of Commons last evening
Major Arthur Lee (Conservative, former
ly British attache with the United States
army during the Spanish-American war
and later British military attache at
Washington) said Great Britain had been
offered the services of the. chief horse ex
pert of the United States ', army as - ad
viser in the purchase of American horses
for the British army*. The revelation was
made during a heated debate on the re
mount question, whereupon Lee^.said: "
"It is quite . evident , that negotiations
thus begun might lead' to no result. But
the possibility of the contrary is also not
excluded. In this condition of affairs it
is desirable to endeavor to open . negotia
tions in the hope that they- may be suc
cessful and face a difficulty which exists
for all belligerent parties, of taking, the
first step in. this direction, and it might
be useful that a third party should un
dertake the matter and serve as an inter
mediary. . ; . . _,., GERICKE."
v War Office Incompetency. . .
t "In the event* of. : an affirmative ¦ reply
It would be necessary for his Britannic
Majesty's Government to hand the Neth
erlands Government three -safe conducts
permitting the Boer delegates to proceed
freely to Africa, remain there freely for
the time -agreed upon and - return freely
to Europe. It would : further . be neces
sary for the British Government to allow
the use of a telegraphic code with the
view of appointing a place.' where the
delegates could meet the Boer- leaders.
On their return the ¦ Netherlands Govern
ment could place them in communication
with plenipotentiaries appointed for that
purpose " by his Majesty's Government,
and would willingly undertake to place at
the disposal of these gentlemen the ac
commodation necessary 'for. their meet
ings.- The Netherlands Government
would then consider their task at an end.
Safe Conducts Required.
ceed to Africa and. deliberate with the
Boer leaders on the spot, returning to
Europe after a'stay of a fixed length,
say a fortnight, ' armed r with adequate,'
tun powers, provided for all eventuali
ties and authorizing them to conclude a
treaty of peace which should bind abso-*
lutely both the- Boers in Europe and the
Boers in Africa. •
Such a change as contemplated hardly seems
business like. It would certainly bring about
the establishment of. an electric line through
the towns slighted. At the. time of the build
ing of the Central Pacific. Engineer Judah,
who stood at the head of his profession,- ex
amined many suggested routes over the Sierras
and recommended the present one as the mobt
practical.
Mr. Hood, the ¦ present chief engineer,
was then a boy in the employ of Judah.
W. C.Conroy, ex-Sheriff of Placer Coun
ty, said:
I have not given the matter much thought,
but do not believe that the company intends
cutting out the towns along its- line through
this . county..;;. I: am inclined to, think that
another road may be. built to accommodate the
traffic. Building a double track road would
probably be impracticable by the present route.
The company would build a. new road on an
entirely new survey. ¦¦ •'.
I hardly- think it possible that the railroad
company Intends to make all the changes noted
in The Call. The fact that the various towns
en route and the county. as well have contrib
uted-liberally to the support of- the- railroad
is little argument with a big corporation. As
a rule they do not consult the wishes of any
one .but themselves. However the railroad has
made too many costly Improvements along this
line In the matter of depots, tracks, etc., to
make the proposed change in a hurry.' In any
event I do. not think any of the towns from
Auburn down will- be entirely cut out should
% any change be made. As to just where . the
cutting will commence will depend on the lo
cation of the entrance of the proposed tunnel
through the Sierras. Nothing can be done uptil
that is accomplished, and that time is far dis
tant. •
General Jo .Hamilton said:
AUBURN, Feb. 4.— The news of the Cen
tral ¦ Pacific Railroad's projected change
in;. the line of its track through Placer
County, as exclusively given in The Call
to-day, created no little excitement among
citizens here, as the local press had con
tained nothing more than rumors. Placer
County has paid something like $250,000 as
a b'onus to the railroad, and naturally her
citizens feel indignant at what they would
term bad faith. They are loth to believe
that the railroad will make any radical
changes in the immediate future.
The railroad surveyors, presumably the
same corps that operated near Cisco be
fore the storms, have .been in the vicinity
of Newcastle the last ten days. They re
port a gain of eighty, feet in the grade in
a nine-mile survey northeast of Rocklin,
the starting point. ¦
Samuel J. Pullen of the firm of Pullen &
Wallace when approached said he didn't
see-much to worry over. The projected
change would be too expensive, especially
that portion above Colfax.
- W. A. Shepard, editor of the Placer Her
ald, said: -
port New Line Reduces Grade.
Railroad Surveyors at That' Point Re-
ENGINEERS AT NEWCASTLE.
Captain Cook, who commanded the
Brooklyn, is ill in the naval hospital in
Washington. For the views of the la.te
Rear Admiral Philip, who commanded
the Texas, the President read an article
written by that officer for the Century
Magazine. When the decision is an
nounced Rear Admiral Schley cannot
complain that the President did not give
full consideration to all the facts in the
case.
The decision was reached after the
President had read the evidence taken by
the court of Inquiry, had talked -with
Rear Admiral Schley and had carefuuy
considered his brief, after he had learned
the views of Captain Clark, who com
manded the Oregon; Rear Admiral ¦ Ev
r ns, who commanded the Iowa; Rear
Admiral Taylor, who commanded the In
diana, and Commander Wainwright, who
commanded the Gloucester, and the an
swer to Rear Admiral Schley's brief pre
pared by Captain Lemly and Hanna,
judge advocate and assistant judge art
vocate of the court of lnquirv. Rear Ad
miral Sampson's counsel, and Captain
Chadwick, who commanded the New
Tork, were not consulted.
President Considers Evidence.
In announcing this decision the Presi
dent will absolutely support the - posi
tion taken by Secretary Long, and will
show the country that notwithstanding
the ovations given to Rear Admiral Schley
by the people of the West and South, \ie
does not propose to flinch from what he
regards as his plain duty. There are
some here who are uncharitable enough
to believe that Rear Admiral Schley un
dertook the trip for the purpose of im
pressing the President -with the general
thought that he is regarded as the hero
of Santiago. From Roosevelt's decision,
it is apparent that the cheering of the
populace for Schley has absolutely no ef-'
feet whatever. \ •
President Roosevelt will also generally
approve the unanimous findings of the
court, though he may differ on one or two
minor points.
That by retaining Rear Admiral
Schley as eecond In command after his
arrival at Santiago on June 1, Rear Ad
miral Sampson condoned the "reprehen
sible conduct" of that officer.
That during the chase of the Colon
Rear Admiral Schley was technically in
command of the left wing of the Amer
ican squadron, but hoisted no signal. or
gave any orders which in the -slightest
degree influenced the operation of any
ship save the Brooklyn.
Reprehensible Conduct Condoned.
That both Rear Admiral . Sampson and
Rear Admiral Schley • hoisted signals at
the beginning of tlje 'battle which were
not observed, or if observed -were not
obeyed, as the captains of ships were
.acting in accordance with the plan deter
mined upon before the battle.
That Rear Admiral ' Schley and the
Brooklyn acted in /accordance with the
plan until the Brooklyn made her famous
loop, which left an opening in the block
ade line through which, the Spanish fleet
steamed. ¦' "...
That the battle was fought in accord
ance with the plan prepared and adopted
by Rear Admiral Sampson. '
That Rear Admiral William T. Samp
son was technically and actually in com
mand of the American forces which de
stroyed the Spanish squadron at Santiago
de Cuba.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— President
Roosevelt will anounce in a few days his
decision in the Schley case, and it will
be highly unsatisfactory to Rear Admiral
Schley, notwithstanding a report to the
contrary circulated to-day. It will em
phatically declare. >>
Special Dispatch to The CalL
to thirteen days, but for news it was
brought down to nine days.
Commodore Will Not Influence
Roosevelt in His Views on
the Controversy.
Ovations Keceived . by the Tonner
Miss';Roosevelt's' friends are careful : to
Bay thafit-ls -not- to-be thought-for-an In
stant j that she is going in .any other ca
pacity-''than "that -ot^a.-' young' 1 American
girl -who has no- offlcial standing, what
ever.,; :.WheiT the .invitation; earned from
Reid, who Is to be the special,representa
tive of, the^ President, , Mr. Roosevelt., was
not disposed .to encourage: the"! idea. .The
matter was avsubject of ¦ much ; discussion
at- the' White House. The, State Depart- 1
ment was called in and there has been a
lively ". correspondence by cable between
Washington and London. - •-•-;:
i The difficulty lay in having Miss Roose
velt's private individuality observed If She
went to the coronation.: There* seemed
danger that she might be regarded' asHhe;
daughter, of. a' ruler and that the Govern
ment, of Great Britain might feel: that
Miss Roosevelt ought, to- have -honors
which will be accorded to the princesses
of Europe.'. V . ¦ • • .'- ,
Secretary Hay has : smoothed matters
out and Miss Roosevelt will go as any
other young lady: who is a member of
the party of Mr.. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid.
It is possible that Commander and. Mrs.
Cowlcs; who. are Miss Roosevelt's uncle
and aunt, will be of the Reid party. .It
is certain that the daughter of the Presl
denjt will have several 'young girls as
companions. Among the party will be the
daughters of General Wilson, representa
tive of the army at the coronation. It
Is said that Mrs. Cushman/K. Davis will
be one of Mr. and Mrs. Reid's guests.
I The -President yielded to the desire of
his daughter.to . attend the coronation be
cause It. will be a.spectacle that anyyoung
lady. would. be' eager to witness and would
remember with pleasure as long- as she
lived. He 'finally gave his consent when
it was ' clearly. understood that her incog
nito while In; Great Britain should be
closely observed officially. .'-.
'CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt,' daughter ot the President,, will
attend the coronation: of King; Edward sub
the guest of^Whltelaw' 1 . Reid, i, This de-.
cision was- reached tb«day.v .';¦-. ¦'•;; •• ¦/.¦ \ ¦ .- < '-¦ .
Special "Dispatch to The Call.
Chief Executive Finds That
Sampson "Was Actually
in Command vw
It Will Be Unsatisfactory
) to the Herb of
Santiago.
President Puts an End to Talk
About Palaces ..and .
Ermine.
Miss Alice Roosevelt to
Visit London Unof
ficially.; '.
CORONET WILL
NOT ADORN HER
PRESIDENT'S
DECISION IN
SCHLEY CASE
T^E ¦¦¦•RAN: FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1902.
two countries unless M. Secrestat Jr. is immediately authorized to land at La Guayra.and"pro
tect, the interests of his father, who leasec} 'the estates of General 'Matos, the revolutionary
whose property was subsequently seized. by the Venezuelan Government. In case of
? Venezuelrrs refusal to grant the demand cf the French Government, France will immediately
'ifh'pose" duties on Venezuelan cocoa, which would be disastrous fo*r Venezuela. ,.- , - •
sign the protocol presented by Venezuela for a renewal of diplomatic relations between the
COLON, Colombia, Feb. 4.— It is reported here that the Venezuelan revolutionary
steamer Libertador (formerly the British steamer Ban Righ) has been sunk by a Vene
zuelan gunboat while under repairs at Porto Colombia. The , report gained 'circulation
yesterday, but no confirmation could.be obtained. It is said that the steamer has been
lying up at Porto Colombia for the past few weeks, in need of repairs. The fact that the
British warship Psyche left here yesterday for Porto Colombia is looked upon' here -as giving
the rumor confirmation. • ¦ a.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Feb. 4.-— Advices received here from Caracas state
that the French Government .has notified the Government of Venezuela that France will not
VENEZUELAN FILIBUSTER STEAMER LIBERTADOR
IS REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN SUNK BY GUNBOAT
-Continued From Page One.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. . :
| Impaired Digestion
I May not be all that is meant by dyspepsia
j now, but It will be if neglected.
The uneasiness after eating, fits ot nerv-.
oua headache, sourness of the stomach, and.
j disagreeable belching may not be very bad
; now, but they will be if tb.3 stomach is
suffered to grow weaker. |
Dyspepsia is such a misera'ble disease
that the tendency to it should be given
early attention. This is completely over-
| Hood's Sarsaparilla
which strengthens thewhole digestive system
•©*, a a K ¦ ABS Ammunition and Sporting
111 EnB O Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
¦ ¦> I I ltd e£t Prices. Until close of
¦ ¦B 9 in us hunting season will offer
¦Li ¦ H JU guns at reduced prices.
¦ ¦ Send for catalogue.
8HREVK & BARBEE CO.,
739 Market St. and 511 Kearny Bt
BAILWAY TRAVEL:
\qhicaqo
in LESS TlfAl *
ShAYS
From .- v _ ¦ " r .;_. ¦, ..-'.•.. - .;.:
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHIC AGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Crawlrig-Roorh "Sleeping
Cars,' Buffet;: Smoking and" Lib-
rary Cars, with barber. . Dining
Cars— meals a la carte; Daily Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m.- and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday at & a. m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything. ;
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel San Francisco |
: ' or S. P. Company's Agent .. . • ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
.Via Sausalito Ferry
- . ' Commencing September 29 1001
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MfLLVAT T vv
AND BAN RAFAEL. E^
¦ WEEK DA Y8— 6:65, 8:30, »9:30 11 -no > ™ I
•1:48, 8:15, 4:15, 5:15. •6:15. 6:45 i n b?*- '
EXTRA TRIPfe-For Mill, Valley^and" S* u
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and SaSf,
days at 8:30 and 11:40 p; m. Batur-
BUNDAYS^'S :00, »10 :00. «11 :3a a. in »i -i «
3 : 10. '4 145. 6 :30. 9 :30 p. m. ' m - l -. 13 -
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin -''- ¦<'
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANcmrn
WEEK DAYS— »5:25 W 6:27. T :45 iaS?;
a. m.; *12 :25. 2 : 15. »3 :35. . 4 :40, 5 :30 d ' m 10:1 *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, •* . WednSdavi"
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p rn - » y *
SUNDAYS— 6:15, '10:00 •!!•*& >L "™
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. I *" m »
; Trains marked (•) start from San' Oupntit, "
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANGMCO
. WEEK DAYS— 5 :45. 6 :45. 7 :55 8^55 io^?n
a. m.. 12:35^2:45, 3:50. 6:10 p:^ 8^ 5 - 10 - 30 .
- EXTBA TRIPS '. on .Mondays. W«dnp,/i.«
tid »»»turdays at 7:10 and 10:38 Dm v
'TSUND AYS— 8:05,- 10:05 a. rn. lo-os/ aoV
8:30, 6:00. 6:45 p. m. ... . '. "¦ 00> 2 - la -
THROUGH TRAINS '-/. ¦-* •:
6:65 a. m. week 4ays— Cazadero and way :
;1:45 p'. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
statlona. ,&s-> -* : 3f^* l y4 r ";j|j(*'
.. 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan [ Mills and way
stations. .•'¦.¦• - . - ¦' - :,
- Legal Holiday boats and trains will rua : on
Sunday time. / .-„ ..*""."».
NOTHING MORE IS NEEDED'
No » 5 re convinc- -f^V TfiO. -^f* th.n is WnUhed
Inft a-fiument is SL^** TCFlCW h * its wonderful
necessary concern- f^Af 1 t achievements in
in* the artistic tC^l V^£1^^ X concert and recltaI
.u.Ut.e.or ©iANCV fleId8 ' ¦>¦' «
Nordica Gabrilowi tsch Bupmeistep Hirschman
Shoncrt '¦ Cottlow
s^eir^d^nd^e^unre^rvld 1 ?^ 116 ? 1 r « utatIon u " the Everett 1&&
.iJ? mSSSfi^tiSSffiS' $Sk l^$g& I s hich characterizes the 8 e
r THE NEW STANDARD OF THE WORLD.
notwithstanding its magnificent repntatlon It is not excessive in price.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.,
GENERAL AGENT-,
93I-O33 MARKET ST., SAN FK AIM CISCO
BRANCH-951 BROADWAv! OAKLAND. SC °*
- BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
, .. Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
; Dally Dally Dally Dally
• Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. 1 Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
.-«".-* Mtrced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa »:U p
•• Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15-a 10:50 p
¦ "Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla.. 3:39p 5:00a
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 8:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago.. 1 2:13p|9:00p|
. a tor morning, p tor afternoon. v
9 :0O a.m. train ia the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding- train arrives &t 12:30
p. m. dally.
, 8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers aad
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. •-..:-<-
- 7:20 a.-m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor.
responding train arrives at 8:49 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street anfl In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, .
Oakland. » »
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
lessees: f-
SAW FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAWFlii
/ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry; Foot ot MarKet SC
San Francisco tu San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. ¦ ¦ • ¦, » -
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. }
i>ua Kafael .to oaa Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:00. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p.- m. Saturdays— Exua
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m. ' - •
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I . In Effect I Arxiva
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901 1 San Franclica
Week I Sun- I ! I . Gun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination! days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
8 :30pm 8 :30am FeUluma, tf :00pm 10:2Sam
- & :10pm 6 :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am I Windsor. 10:23am
6:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
.1 Lytton,
* . Geyservllle, ¦ 1
8:30pm 8:00am CloverUale. 7:35pm 6:20prn
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ' ; 10:40am 10:23am
- 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
8:30pm 6:00pm C :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma. 0:16am 8:40am
i ¦ , . . and
B :10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I S:00amj |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 6:00pm[ Sabastopol. I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and Whlta Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyser villa (or Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdal© ' for the Geysers; at Hopland tor
Duncan Springs. Highland. Springs. Kelsey-
vUle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes.' Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. LlerleyV
Bucknell'B. Sanhedrln Hefghts. HullvtUe, OrVi
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort . Brags? «
Westport. Usal, Wtlllts. Laytonvtlle, CummSS"
Bell's Springs. -Harris. Olson's. Dyer, Scotia
to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
. °On Sundays round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. *"»«*¦
Ticket office, 650 Market street. ChxonlcU
fcl H? 1 C?' WHTTINO. R. X. RTAK. ' .
. Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
PiOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito r?erry Arrive .
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- T4 . 4:15l , M . h<Brtop , <)w Sun- Week"
Days- day- .t th. «T»«™.fT MM r da > s - Dav^
9-30 a. 8:00a. pil , » ntmjx , t j,» TM ,» TM 1.00 r. 9:43 A.
1:<5 p. 10:00a. 4 . B ., mh i M ta tt . rit ,«« : « 3|00 p. 3:40 p.
4d5 ?. 11:80a. vJtLn^j, 4:25 p. 5^5 p.
1:15 p. *• ' * 5^5 p.
Tin, Sma rnaefan to Summit tad Bahm, n.90.
SckatomcM. *a hamiit sinxrt ud BAcaiixro max.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARSY ST. established
In 1S34 for the treatment nf Private
Diseases. Lo«t Mannood. Debility or
rlisfasf wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fall. Tor him. Charges low.
«:u re • tru a rmi t «-«-d. . Call or Writ*
Dr. 4. £\ «IUBO A". Uau Pranclsco. CaL
PAINE'S CELEBY C0MP01T1TD.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Built up His -A
' iMffiliv*'"! J?'fvxi^\\. the one that had undou btedly. In their
' fi/WwMwin^ • -0ty0J*£Q^k experience, accomplished more than all
¦¦'SllUm'V &s'4?$^lm$' others in curing disease was Paine's
; ' I W// i \ ; %^C -^M "\ Celery Compound; and about 50 cases
. H-: /'. 1m * n a1^ were mentioned where prominent
" H -* :^^^^^^^^R^ citizens or members of their families
>^ had l>een cured within a short time by
\ \ thls remed y ot serious ailments result-
1 11 • n^^^^W ln^ from lm P aire <3 nerves. Among
V^^^Wli^i^S^sH^^''^ these was the ChIef of PoIice of that
|A«. . '^7^\V V^^^^S^ffijyy/yy/i city, whose office was in the same
I v «J^^. ; \ v\ t////s J& '^ ie P UD^ cat^ on °^ many of these ex-
I h V' N * /"*'^r'i amples of what Palne's Celery Com-
- f/ jJ^»Ss/v^^^^ pound, had done for others naturally
ii—' led those who were sick — and in every
' / ' - • * community there are thousands of peo-
: "More Palne's Celery Compound has p i e who, having the symptoms of nerv-
been sold in the city of Omaha for the ous breakdown, put off the cure to the
last month than all other medicines put vs j n that the nerves will resusci-
together." . tate themSelves — hundreds of those
' So writes. the leading wholesale drug wno were s i c k were thus informed of
house of the West to the proprietors of the one true reme dy for their relief.
Paine's Celery Compound. Unsought and unexpected letters be-
In October last a card, from Hon. gan to pour into Burlington from peo-
Frank B. Moores, the Mayor of that pie in Omaha, telling of their expe-
city, was published in the Omaha Bee, riences. Some of these letters were
in which he told of the great benefit published by permission of the writers.
: Paine's Celery Compound had been to They all told in different ways the
| him.. "I. regard it." he said, "the most same story — of new strength and vital-
wonderful remedy I have ever tried for ity, sound sleep, better appetite and the
building up the system when once run returning health.
down.'* . ;•'.'/': • No other remedy in the world ever
. On account of Mayor Moores' great so clearly proved all that was claimed,
popularity and well known standing, for it as this . wonderful discovery of
the publication of his card in the Bee America's greatest . physician. The
instigated the Omaha News, the Bee's number of authenticated cases of corn-
principal competitor,': to make a can- plete. restoration to health of people of
vass of druggists and ; physicians in- ail ages, who were suffering from In*
that city to "find out their experience somnia. indigestion, rheumatism and
with this "and other remedies. A few other ailments and weaknesses which
days later ,the News published -almost are the symptoms of a nervous system
a page of the opinions it had gathered, deranged by neglect or exposure, or
The physicians and druggists" inter- overwork, or overindulgences, or worry
viewed were absolutely unanimous in or other influences — the number of such
saying that, -of all prepared remedies, cases is thousands in every community.
TtATT.WAY TBA.VZL.
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO.
Tralas !•»*• anU nr« da* to arrive at >\
SAN sTUAMVlSVO. .
• * (Main Una, foot of Market 8tr-l)
. MMATM — r*OM DxCKXBBt 8, 18C — AXBTVV
1 7 «•« A Benlct*, SuUun, Elmlm sod Sa«rv
mento »:3"H>
7t««A VMaviUA, Wtataa.'Bamssr . ?i33»
7 130 * M MtlDM, S»a IUmon, Vattejot Nips,
CalistogmandSaiiUBosft.......... . «s33»
SiOOa D»»U, Woodland. Knlmu Landing.
»Iax»«TUI«>. Oro.Ul<»_ .....717!. 7i»»»
• •••• * A Mantle faprw Ogdan and Baat »t *a a.
¦ •too* JSilm. I>»throp. Stockton.. 7i»5r
•MOAKOss, ilendot*. Hanfoid. VUaUi,
PorterrUls 4:5S»
•« t» a BhasU Exprets— DstIs, Williams (tot
Bartlett Sctings). WUlows, Bad
Blufl, ForUawL. 7tS3»
• •«•* 8»n Josay UTannon. Stockton,
lone, SmorsaiBnto. PiaeenlllflL
M«rj«»nie, Chloo. lt«d Bluff 4sSl»
•iS«A Oakdale, Ohbi«s«,Sonon, Tuotmnaa 4:33»
•i«0* Ha; ward, Niles and Waj Sutioni.. 1 1 :33a
MOi VaUejo 1S<23»
•iO0Alcfl AanUa Xmrass — M artloes,
. Traay. Lathrop. Stockton. Unread
Ttemao aad Loa Angeles TiSSa
• »!»•* VaUeJo. Martlnas aad Wa* Stations 7i53»
' 1 »iO»a The Otox1m4 li ml wd— Ogdeo. D«n-
tot, Omaha. Chicago .Ii33»
lliOOp Saor»ra«nto Uiier8t«tuie« tH'UO*
*i»»r Benicia. Winten, Saonneato.
Woodland, KnlghU Laadlnc.
MaryiTtlla.Orovllls..... ." 10:33*.
•ilOp Hayward. Klles and Wav SUtlon... 7:33#
¦iMrHuUao. ftau lUaou, VaUalo.
M K ' Nmp». C»Il.tf>i.. «»„»» R 0>a . Ili5.1t
«**Ot NDes, Utermoro, Stockton. Lodl... iaiS9»
<'2 o »Hiywajrd,MUs^,8»aJo»eriJTermar» f8:«U
4:S0rTba Owl Limited — Fresno, Tnlai*
Bakenflsld. 8aor» tat SaaU Bar*
bara. los Anceles StOSa
»•••» Port CosU. Tracy. Lathron. Stockton IuiXSa
Oioor Maitlncx. AnUoeh, Stockton. Has-
eed. JTresno ~. .......... . lSiSSy
•<o«r Ha/waid, KUMaadSaa Jo«s....... 7i33 k
t»iOOr Vallejo HiSSa
¦i«Or Oriental Mall-OgdeD, Denrtr, ,
Omaha. 81 Louis, Chicago 4iM4
TlwvrOregouand OalUorota sUprew,Ra«>
raniauto, Marja'itI*. ltaJiihif.
L-m «t PorllaiMl. Pnget Sonud and Kask «>«•«>
••••"»» San Pablo, Pork Ooska. Maitlnes
-_._ andWajBtatloiw «... Ili8»«
_t*«03P Vallajo r 7t33f
COAST LINE (SurroiT titnge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ' '_ '
••¦SAHewark.Cautanlllo.SanJoMwS'altoii. . " " I
Boulder Creak, b»ut»Cim and W*» '
SteUoaa .„ »!»«?
•**¦•* Newark. Cen tetTlUe. Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Fulton, Koulder Creek,
Santa Cras and Principal War
Btaltous... i l«iil«4
«i1Sp Newark. Ham Joae. Los Qatoa ISiSw* '
«9.3o? Hunters" Tralu— Saa Jos* and Way
. Stations..... .„ f7J»«J»>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
l)r«u 811 /ilICISCO-f Ml of Market Street (Slia 8)- -
t7:lB 9:00 ll:00i.M. 1:03 3:03 - SISr «.
fria 01IU »3-r«l af Braid w,T.-fii ; oo 19 00 t34t
. 10;00«.M. 13:03 a;03 4:03 r.H.
COAST MNE (Hroail Oun). • ' ,
Cfhlrd and Townaend Sts.) '
•il»A8aaJos«aadW»yHUUoM.... M .... Hj4»Z
7:MA Raw Jo«e ami WafSUtious. j»f»
/7H»«»A New Ali.iaileii / liltttf
M«*Co«rt Line Limited. — San- Jose,
' . , Gllrnj. SaHnaa, San Lnls Oblapo. .
Santa Barbara. Loa Angeles and -' -¦
. .. , 5*lndpal intermediate staUons.... 10**a?#
tiOOA 8a« Joso. Tres Finos. H.u.U «;nix.
raclila Uio>«, Salinas. San, Lnla !i
Oblspo and Principal iutermedUU
HUttuiiM 4il«f>
¦••"•^ fan Jose and War Stations.. »i3«4>
a-?2 a 8 ' u •' OM »"•' Way Stations l»i 1«*
i**+*r San Matro, Kedwooil. Menlo Park.
Palo A Ito. Han ta Clara. San .loss,
Tres Pinog, Santa Crnr. Sallnsj, -'
m -' ; Moniarey ani PaclBe Grow J1oM3a
¦in>r San Joae and Waj Statloiis. liStty
«4<13rflanJnaean.!PrlneiT<aMVay Stations 3ia»»
««» O r Sunset limited— Mondays. Wednes.
days, Fridays, fo* Lni AvgeXen, El -' ' "
¦ . Paao. New Orleans and New York. ' r •' "
. 'ArriTes Sondajs. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lAilS* .
tStOOrSan Jose. Los Oatos ar.d Principal
WajrStatious .-. t'):«O» •
SiSOpSanJoieaixll'rinclpalWaySUtlous OzlHTp
•i3«rSan Joaaaml WafSmlom.; ... - 7;10#
7iOOp New Orleans Expreu — San Lnls
. - Obi»po. Santa Barbara,. Los An-
/ celea, D-mlng. El Paso, New Or-
leans and East...' , 7:30*, ¦
•Ht43f 3aii Jo»a»ii(l War Stations * 7t3t>
A for Morning. P for A t teruooo.' ¦-- "i
t Hundair exc»i>ted. t hnnday only. •'*?* J ' * • -
_a Saturday only. / Tund»ya and Fridays^ *
»vwvwv\v\vuvvvwvwa^vv\a^aa<w
!$£J4jJhb2>' injection. >'\
J A PERMANENT CURE f
Ji of the most obstinate cases of GonorrhcEA $ -
1 ¦ aad Glert, raaranteed in from 3 to A c
2 .daja ; no other treatment required. J . ¦
'i Sold by all druggists. « "' 5= ¦ .
£1% WONG WOO,'
:kiT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
. X&JL SANITARIUM, " *
764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
WMEiW A LL , DISEASES CURED
•ar«»«uw«iv exclusively by Chlaasa
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hoars
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
Weekly Call,$l.00 per Year *"My husband is a lawyer," said the
woman, "but he mixed business and poli
tics too much In Portland and we were
forced to move to San Francisco. He ran
for office In- Portland, and after getting
beaten In the election, his practice disap
peared. I supported us both by canvass
ing for atlases and books.
"As to 'his peculiar diet, all I can say
is that he Is a fruit and nut eater. When
ever I mentioned the Idea of eating any
meat or vegetables there was a - terrible
row. He Would allow me nothing in the
way of money, arfd I nearly starved on
nuts and fruits. I refused to live with him
any longer. •. I am - deathly - afraid of
going crazy on his diet."
In answer to questions from the court
it was developed that the father is sup-
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 4.— In an applica
tion for divorce to-day Mrs. Laura Ward,
formerly of Portland, told an unusual
story to Judge \ Allen. She said she was
forced to leave her husband, L. A Ward,
In San Francisco several months ago, as
he nearly starved her to death by com
pelling her to live, as he did, on uncooked
fruits and nuts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Feb. 3.-Lord Sholto Doug
las, brother of the- Marquis of Queens
bery.Jhas purchased a saloon in Spokane
and intends to make his residence here
While admitting : that he has purchased
the place, Lord Sholto says he' boueht it
for his brother-in-law. «e.oougnt,It
"I may knock about the place a month
or so, you know," he said to-day """""
,^\ d Sholto's marriage to; an 'Oakland
(Cal.) variety actress some years ago
caused a sensation. Lady Douglas is her£
with him and they; have two children
Lord Sholto has declared his^tention o
become an American citizen *'
The sale of _the saloon to Lord ¦, Sholto
was negotiated by, Chester Edwards Ed
wards and Proprietor Peterson yesterday
engaged in a fist fight over the amount of
commission the former * was to, receive
As a result Peterson is carrying a black
f y , e \ •*?,? had Edwards : arrested and the
trial will come up to-morrow. Lord Shol
to maybe a s Edwards said that.
Lord Sholto has stopped the payment of
his $1750 check until : such time as Peter
son agreed to; pay the commission which
Edwards demands. Lord Sholto fences on
this point. ; ', ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - .
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— The meeting of the
general committee appointed to arrange
for the convention of the League of Re
publican Clubs here in 'April was en
livened this evening by a fight over, the
sub-committees between the . Good Gov
ernment faction and the "gang" wing of
the party. Mackenzie's followers had
caucused and when ¦ they came to the
meeting were prepared, to carry out a
programme.^
There are fourteen committees to be
appointed. -At first a motion that the
Good - Government faction be v given six
committees to\name. was adopted. Then
D. H. Bryant Introduced a, resolution,
which was adopted, giving the Mackenzie
faction the- following •- committees:
Finance/ mass-meeting, invitation, enter
tainment, music, hotels, transportation
and badges. This leaves to the opposition
the ' committees on auditing, souvenir,
press, hall, . publicity and promotion and
decorations. .
the League of Republican
Clubs.
San Jose Prepares for the Coming of
MACKENZIE CAPTURES
THE BEST COMMITTEES
SHOLTO DOUGLAS
BUYS A SALOON
Mrs. Whittaker, ¦ who conducts . the
Repellier lodging-house at .781 Sutter
street, last night Informed the local police
that Mrs. Hammond Moore, who was a
guest at her place, left for the East on
January 18. Mrs. Moore said that she
would stop at Sacramento to visit a
friend, who wasto accompany her to New
York. Mrs. Moore took with her three or
four large trunks, which were filled with
sealskins and the finest of clothing. She
was plentifully supplied with money
The theory is advanced by some of the
former acquaintances of Mrs. Moore that
the Stockton suicide may have been some
friend of- Mrs. Moore, who, knowing of
the latter's departure for the East as
sumed her name to hide her own identity
Plentifully Supplied With Money
When She - Started Eastward, i .
MBS. MOORE'S DEPAHTUBE.
porting their only child. This child is in
the care of a friend In San Francisco.
Ward is a theosophlst.
The case was continued two weeks to
enable the plaintiff to procure further
corroborative testimony.
Andrew de March, a hostler, is one of
the persons who are positive that the
body of this woman is now in the Stock
ton Morgue. Lyle Dickey was. a playmate
of his when both were children. He ha3
known her for many years, and he enter
tained her at his home In this city no
longer ago than Christmas. Mrs. de March
visited the Morgue to-day to view the
body of the dead woman. As soon as she
looked upon the features she exclaimed:
"iyr God, it is Lyle!"
B. TS. Johnson, formerly a court reporter
of Sacramento, declares that the dead
woman was known in Sacramento as Mrs.
Aiken. (A former husband of Lyle Dickey
was named Aiken.) Deputy Sheriff Mc-
Cullough says the suicide was one of the
They are still of the opinion that the
name was assumed and that the suicide
was not, as she is alleged to have told
acquaintances, the -widow of a Confeder
ate army officer.
•The five daughters of Samuel Dickey
were reared In the vicinity of Isleton, be
low Walnut Grove. The family was re
spected In the community and four of the
young ladies married well-known citizens.
One, it is said, became estranged from the
family.
lem — Who was Mrs. Hammond Moore?
BACRAMEKTO. Feb. 4. — George Schroth. an
eld citizen of Sacramento and proprietor of the
Phoenix Flour Mills In this city, died this
morning. He was a native of Germany, aged
73 years.
RAW FRUIT DIET
WRECKS A HOME
The theory Is advanced that the Sacra
mento woman who says she is the real
Lyle Dickey Is In reality only a relative,
who is seeking to shield the latter's mem
ory, but this belief finds little credence.
The officials are now back to the original
STOCKTOX, Feb. 4.— Stockton's police
force is struggling with what appears to
be one of the strangest cases of mistaken
Identity on record. If the result of an In
vestigation conducted to-day by Sacra
mento detectives may be taken as con- 1
elusive. Several citizens have positively
identified the woman who committed sui
cide in. the Imperial Hotel last week as
Lyle Dickey (her maiden name), a daugh
ter of the late Samuel Dickey of Isleton.
They declare that there can be no mis
take, one of the number claiming that
he had known Lyle Dickey for the past
twenty years. In the face of these state
ments Sacramento detectives to-night
wired to the "local officials that the real
Lyle Dickey is. now living in that city.
This apparently disposes of the conten
tion that the suicide was the former Sac
ramento County girl, and the supposed
identification has only added to the mys
tery.
STOCKTON SLEUTHS PUZZLED.
Suicide Was Lyle Dickey.
Numerous Persons Assert That the
• MYSTERIOUS STOCKTON SUI
CIDE WHO HAS BEEN VA
RIOUSLY IDENTIFIED.
tlrement.
Stockton authorities to the effect
that the woman passing as Mrs. Ham
mond Moor*, who committed suicide In that
city last week, was In reality Llye Dickey,
formerly of Isleton, this county. As a re
sult of their investigations they have been
forced to the conclusion that there has
been an extraordinary case of mistaken
Identity. They have found that the woman
¦who was formerly Lyle Dickey is In this
city, alive and well. She is the wife of
Patrick Scally, a barkeeper.
Mrs. Scally declares she Is the Lyle
Dickey of former days and in corrobora
tion of her statement the detectives have
learned that she was- once the wife of a
man named Southworth- and later mar
ried "a man named Altken. These facts
accord with the statements of the Stock
ton citizens, who believed that the sui
cide was the former Isleton jrfrl. The' lo
cal detectives are positive that the Stock
ton suicide was not Llye Dickey and that
Mrs. Scally's pretentione are genuine.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 4.— All day
long Chief of Police Sullivan and
his detectives have been working
upon advices received from the
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— The books at the rail
road office show that the freight business In
and out of this city for the month of January
'was double that of the same rrw^nth last year.
During the month "200 carloads of prunes and
large quantities of other dried fruits . were
shipped to the East.
. The court says that if roaming about in
Idleness Is a crime, then. Indeed, the of
fense is most comprehensive and em
braces not only the tramp but also the
tourist and health seeker, for they, equal
ly with the tramp, fall within the defini
tion. Idleness alone is never a crime. If
It were, the man who retires from busi
ness with a competency for his old age
becomes a criminal by reason of such re-
Two San Bernardino Judges Rule
That Certain Subdivision Is .
. Unconstitutional.
SAN BERNARDINO. Feb. 4.— Judges
O*-ter and Bledsoe of the Superior Court
to-day rendered a decision declaring sub
division 3 of section 647 of the Penal Code
unconstitutional. This section defines the
crime of vagrancy and subdivision 3 holds
that a person is guilty of being a va
trant when he roams about from place
to place without any lawful business.
This the court holds is in violation of the
constitution of the United States, as well
es of the State, as It tends to interfere
with the Inalienable rights vested in
every person. . .
The case at bar was the People vs.
"Jim" Goddard. He was sentenced by
Justice Root of Needles to spend ninety
days in the County Jail for vagrancy.
The complaint charged him with violat
ing subdivision 3 of section 647. His at
torney appealed the case to the Superior
Court. Arguments were heard by Judges
Oster and Bledsoe, sitting in bank, and
to-day the decision was rendered, both
Judges concurring In the opinion that the
Eubdlvision was unconstitutional.
Mrs. M. E. Manley of the Courtland
lodging-house was certain the . dead
woman was Mrs. Bennlnger. Mrs. Man
ley, without having seen the articles at
the Morgue described them perfectly.
. "Jack" Grlgsby, a salqpnlst of this city,
who has , known Lyle Dickey for more
than twenty years, went to the Morgue
late to-night. He said the suicide closely
resembled his old-time acquaintance, but
was not she. Mrs. Aiken was in this city,
according to him, for some little time
prior to January 14, when she bade him
good-by, saying she was going to San
Francisco the next day on the morning
train. •"
The Coroner produced the cape . from
among the deceased's belongings and
ripped open the brown lining. Sure enough
the blue lining was found under it De
March also correctly described the dead
woman's teeth. '
woman came to this city early last De
cember and registered as Mrs. Benninger
at the Courtland lodging-house on- Main
street. Later she took room 15 at the
White House, on Main street and regis
tered there as Mrs. Adklns. She some
times went by. the. name of Moore. Early
last month Mrs. Bennlnger came. back to
the Courtland House. She seemed to be
greatly worried and cried several times
She confided her troubles to the landlady,
Mrs. M. E. Manley. and said she would
make away with herself if her husband
did not take her back. It was while at the
Courtland House that she met De March
and recognized him as a friend of her
earlier life. He took her to his home at
621 East Washington street, in this city,
where she remained until about three
weeks ago, when she left for San Fran
cisco. De March positively identified .the
dead woman at the Morgue to-day as tne
former Mrs. Bennlnger.
"She had a black sealskin cape with
long hair. It was lined with blue silk and
k on top of that had a lining of brown
material," said he.
Dickey girls, and a mechanic named
Beecher is of the same opinion.
De March says that Lyle Dickey was
married four times, her first three hus
bands being named Southworth,- Aiken
and Bennlnger. He insists that this
COUET DECLARES VAGRANCY
U9lW TO BE DEFECTIVE
SXJISUN, Feb. 4.— Mrs. Phoebe Fitchett,
Mrs. Love Lambert and Mrs. Addie Jones
have filed a contest of the will of their
mother, Mrs. Ruth A. Chadbourne, basing
their objections on allegations that' the
will was signed under undue influence and
that the deceased was Incompetent at the
time. They claim also that the -real es
tate deeded by the deceased to her sons
was not separate property, and it Is fur
ther alleged that the will was not com
plete as offered for probate.
There are nine children of the deceased,
among whom the property was divided,
four sons being given valuable farms, one
daughter $10,000, another $3000 and- the
other three $2000 each.
Codicil Under Stress of Undue
Influence.
Allege That Decedent Signed the
THBJEE DAUGHTERS ATTACK
KTRS. CEADBOTTANE'S WILI.
A great deal of testimony was intro
duced showing that the deceased, was a
troublesome neighbor.
There were no ¦witnesses present at the
time of the shooting. Sheriff Croxon and
the Coroner found a pistol with two empty
shells by the side of the body the follow
ing day. The bullet from tbe old woman's
rifle had passed through the skull of her
half-brother. .
On the day of the homicide Mueller had
an altercation with a eon of Mrs. Xutz
and attempted to strike him with an ax.
After this, according to the testimony of
the defendant, Mueller went to her
cabin. When 6be appeared at the door
and told him to go away, he drew a pistol
and shot at her. She ran in and got a rifle
and again told him to leave. He raised
his arm as though to fire again and she
ehot him dead.
At the time of the killing the Grand
Jury was In session. It investigated the
case and brought in an indictment against
the old lady. This was on December 9
and since that time ehe has been held
without bonds. The trouble that led up
to the tragedy had been of long stand
ing and resulted from a dispute over a
piece of Government property. Mrs. Nut*
forbade Mueller to come on her premises.
Ke paid no attention to this warning, but
insisted on crossing her land and other
wise annoying her.
The trial of the aged prisoner occupied
ten/ days and never was more Interest
displayed In a court case In San Benito
County. It was evident from the time of
her arrest that the sympathy of the com
munity was with Mrs. Nutz and there was
general rejoicing when the verdict giv
ing her freedom was announced. Fifty
witnesses were examined, the gTeater
number being from. Monterey County and
the lower end of this county, the scene
of the homicide.
HOL.LI&TER, Feb. 1— Mrs. Anne Nutz,
a' feeble woman of JO years, was to-night
acquitted by a jury in the Superior Court
of the murder of her half-brother, F. S.
Mueller, last November. When the ver
dict was announced the aged woman arose
and attempted to thank the Jury, but be
fore she could utter a word she fainted,
falling into the arms of her son. She was
carried frdtn the courtroom, broken by
the strain of her imprisonment and trial.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
The Trans-Alaska-. Company's expedi
tion, which made the six hundred mile
portage from the Yukon to Ilamnia Bay,
Cook Inlet, encountered only one storm.
Several rivers that It crossed were open,
though usuafly frozen at this season to
a depth of many feet. The entire sum.
mer on the Alaskan coast was mild and
rainy, with a temperature similar to that
of Washington and Oregon.
The masters believe that a tremendous
submarine disturbance occurred during
the fall of 1899, when the entire western
part of Alaska was shaken by earth
quakes. Their theory is that a great sub
marine mountain range j was thrown up
at that time underneath the Japan cut
rent, with the result that the current was
deflected toward the American shore. In
support of, this view they quote the fact
that the western coast of Alaska has been
more foggy during the . past two years
than ever before and that the climate has
been much milder. The change in tem
perature has been quite gradual, the max.
imum having been reached this winter,
•when mild, rainy weather has prevailed
throughout Western Alaska, from Nome
to Valdes. ¦ C
TACOMA, Feb. 4.— Several sea captains
sailing regularly to Alaskan ports say
that beyond doubt the Japan current has
changed its course during the past year
or two and is now sweeping several hun
dred miles nearer the Alaska coast line
than formerly. Captain Wallace of the
steamship Cottage City and Captain John
O'Brien of the Dolphin . are quoted by
Skagway papers^ as holding this view.
Marine 'ifi'en who recently reached Skag
¦way from the Aleutian Islands and other
far northern ports express the same opin
ion. . v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declare That the Ocean Stream
Sweeps Hundreds of Miles Nearer
Northern Coast Than.
Formerly.
Aged Prisoner Arises to Thank the
Jurors, but Tails Tainting
Into the Arms of Her
Son. . ' ¦ :. . .
Sea Captains Eelieve Sub-
marine Disturbance Has
Occurred. '.<
Verdict in Effect Declares
Killing of P. S.>Mueller
JuBtifiabla
Novel Theory Accounts
for Alaska's Mild
"Winter.
Feeble Septuagenarian Is
Acquitted by a San-
Benito Jury.
WARM JAPAN
CURRENT HAS
NEW COURSE
MRS. NUTZ
NOT GUILTY
OF MURDER
SUPPOSED IDENTIFICATION OF WOMAN
SUICIDE ONLY ADDS TO THE MYSTERY
as Mrs. Hammond Moore Was Formerly Lyle Dickey of lsleton M While
Sacramento Detectives Say the Real Lyle Dickey is A^ive in That City
Several Stockton Residents Declare Positively That the Stranger Passing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FBBRUAKt 5, 1902.
3
OCrZJLN TRAVEL.
TOYO HSEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU..
ss. a^ca--S^.. p :^.? 5 ! 1i :. 19()2
SS. HONGKONG- MA^fr^.^."^ 2^^ 1^
•••••••;•• ..Tuesday, ApriM5th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
T
OceafflcSeSeCo, SS:
SS. SIERRA,. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney Sat.. Feb. 8. 1 p m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. Feb. 15. '02. 2 pm.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 10
J. D.SPREKELS fc BROS. CO., Banerai Agents. 327 Hariri St
Cm'l Paaanfltr Ofte, 843 Hartat SI, Pitr la. 7. Pacific a
PANAMA A B, S S }
TO NEW YORK- VIA PANAMA DIRECT.*
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Friday. Feb. T
S. 8. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
8. 8. Leelanaw sails .Monday, Mar. 24
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Of flee, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
JH? W J0 R K- S 0UTHAMPTON-LONl50N.
Phlla.. Feb. 12. 10a.m.|St. Louis.Feb.26.10a.m
St. Paul. Feb.l9.10a.m.| Phlla.. Mar. 5. ioZmi
RED STAR LINE.
„ , JORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland. Feb. 12 noon Friesland. Feb. Zrt.noon
Haverford, Feb.lO.noonl Southwark. Mar 5 noon v
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D. TAYLOR
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
COJfTASinZ SEHEBALB TRAH5ATLAKTiara
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of -#T^"iv
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. •SvdQSS
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class, to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
> class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific . Coast
Agents," B Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad iHcket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEK STEAMESa.
FoiTITjA\F^
; Steamen GEN. FRISBI2 or M0NTIC3LD
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m., excepc
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing . and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
*• b* B5{f G k * noa-poisoaons
J^wuBBn^ remedy for Gonorrhoea.
SJf?*' Spermatorrhoea.
AagtT CURES Whites, unnatnral dis-
JF^GS lal to i dsj*. u charzes, or any inflamim.-
tfijC*j Oauuued i» ** tion, irritation or nlcerz-
|L A rrtwat oo»t» t ioa. *[°n of m neons mem-
*F"""lTurF,,.ii.fV J ,r lt .,...r>» cranes, iton-astringent.
«E^INC.NKAH.O.B|§a o _ 8 *nt in plain wrapper.
VBeSZw. x ' ><8j3 *>T expreM, prepaid, for
liXBefcrrMm I'-OO, or 3 bottld, fl.75.
Circular seat oa re^ceei.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to saxual orsana. . DeooC 323 Markat.
Magic.
Tbe way Salva-cea cures Piles.
Specialists
tf or \
MEN
Strictly Reliable.
fThe Largest Prac-
tice on the Pa-
cific Coast.
THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
weakness In & man under fifty years of
age, other than general debility. Premature-
ness, loss of vitality, etc, ir« but eymptotns
cf pome (lutngt to the reproductive system,
caused by a contracted disorder or early dis-
sipation. In looking for the location of this
damage we generally find an enlarged, swollen
end Inflamed prostate gland. As this gland Is
the very center of the reproductive system it
can readily be understood that inflammation of
It must cause disordered function. These canes
*i"«> promptly benefited by proper treatment;
otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse.
Th« eisentiai point In all of them Is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble, in
tne prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully'
ISr ror a weakness and become dl3cour-
Sf ?' w n lf an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
xner... had been adopted Instead of tonics, a
cure would have been the 'result. In our ex-
perience there Is no drug in the pharmacopeia.
Mticen Into the etomach. that will even benefit
izX ~i , of case8 - Our Plan of treatment Is
rifrf * ocal on * aD<J Prompt result* are ob-
tained as Indicated by Increased circulation
2S,i^»f -^ of ,? a - tur "I vigor. Our colored chart.
7™ !L? e T^. 1 on "PPHcation, if interesting to
£s> wl *Wng to study the anatomy of the
Contracted Blood Disease
Cured by the Injection Treatment.
b* Li taS2£s M"P : oa the «**«•*«•* our !
SSF$ pK^n-^r^nt-as
freaufnV B^irt C *,, Vltlt " ***** rendered In-
sHl BB' S^ssk ffsss
ehort time ?h,^t rman ? nt CUI > 1« effected in a
Dr.Talccii&CL. 937 Market St., Cor. Stfa
fills eicnatere is oa every box of the geaniafl'
. Laxative Bromo«Quinine Tabieu
<fch * remedy that cere* a eoM la one day.
OCEAK TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
f^^ Wharf. San Francisco:
tflaSSfcfc, For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
HBTMT-ni, Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
|IrNEO& m.. Jan. 31, Feb. 5, 10. 15, 20.
MUMPa! 23, Mar. 2. Change to com-
HaKr^Unl pany's steamers at Seattle.
JWBS&U For Victoria, Vancouver,
¦* ~^flKsim Port Townsend, Seattle, Taco-
ma, Everett. New Whatcom —
11 a. ra., Jan."31. Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20. 25. Mar 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steaniers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Feb. 1, «. 11. 16. 21. 26. Mar. 3. '
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, cajllng at Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hue-
neme. East San Pedro. San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonlta only). • '
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27, Mar. T.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Feb. 7, 15. 23. Mar. 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. "to., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKT.T O"FTTCE— * New Montgomery
street- (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
— TO— •
PORTS IN .MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP. .
Only 160, lncludin* meal» and berth f or th«
round trio on board the Pacific Coast 8. 8.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from Saa
Francisco February 7. March 7. April 7. Du«
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalen*
Bay. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La
Pas Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars inquire at
Ticket Office. * New Montgomery St.. or 10
Market «t.. sin Francisco. 1 . . -
6.R.& N.'CO.
Only Bteamahlp Xilns *e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
points. mH ri' 1 !)" «tenm*fr<D nnd rail, at
ZjOTTIIST XIA.O'XIS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH ud HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.... -....
,.\ ., . .Feb. 2. 12. 22: Mar. 4. 14, 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
j Feb. 7. 17. 27: Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. lMontg*y. S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapors
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m." i
TUCAPEL Feb. 10IPALENA March 10
GUATEMALA..Feb. 18 SANTIAGO .....
These steamers are built expressly for. Cen-
tral *¦ and South American passenger, service.'
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
i -Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
, For passenger ' and express , rates apply to
.:'.-•< TRANS- ALASKA COMPANT.
Crocker building.
Operating stage lines between IHamna Bay
• and above points. -
A. -p y W ».T I RTTTVrR-KPrJT.
For the Children
v .. X - ¦ — •
To Keep Their Digestion Perfect Nothing
Is So Safe and Pleasant as Stuart's
t Dyspepsia Tablets.
Thousands of men and women hatr* found
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets . the safest and
most reliable preparation lor any form of In-
digestion or, stomach trouble. .
Thousands of people who are not sick, but
are well and wish to keep well take Stuart's
Tablets after every meal to lnsui v> perfect di-
gestion and avoid trouble. /'
But it is not generally known that the Tab-
lets are Just as good and wholesome for little
folks as for their elders.
Little children who are pale, thin and have
no appetite, or do not grow or thrive, should
use the tablets after eating and will derive
great benefit from them." . - z • v
Mrs. G. H. Crotsley, 538 Washington street,
Hoboken, New Jersey, writes: [' "Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets just nil the bill for children as
well'as for older folks. 1 I've had the best of
luck with them. My ¦ three-year-old girl takes
them as readily as candy. I have only to say
'tablets' and she drops everything; else and
runs for them.", '• ;
A Buffalo mother, a short time ago, who
despaired of the life of. her babe, was so de-
lighted with the results from giving ' the child
these tablets that she went before the . notary
public of Erie County. N. T., and made the
following affidavit: . . , v
Gentlemen: : Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets were
recommended : to me for, my /two months* old
baby, which was sick and puny, and the
doctors said was suffering from Indigestion. 1
took the child to the hospital, but there found
no relief. A friend mentioned the Stuart Tab-
lets and ' I procured a box from ; my . druggist
and used only the large sweet lozenges in the
box and was delighted to find they were Just
the thing for my baby. I feel Justified in say-
ing that Stuart's '¦¦ Dyspepsia Tablets saved my
child's life. —MRS. 'W. T. : DETHLOPE. >'
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12tk
day of April, 1897. HENRY ; KARIS. \
Notary Public in and for Erie Co.,'N.' T.
For babies, no : matter ,: how young or deli-
cate, the tablets will , accomplish wonders . in
increasing flesh, appetite* and ; growth.,' Use
only the large sweet tablets in every box. Full-
sized boxes are sold by all druggists for 60c,
and . no ! parent should ; neglect the use • of this
safe remedy for all', stomach and- bowel .trou-
bles if the child is ailing In any way regarding
Us food or assimilation. ¦ • .
¦Stuart's Dyspepsia /Tablets- have been
i known for years as the best preparation for all
¦tomach troubles whether, in adults or infanta.'
J PB. KILMER'S ; SWAMP-BOOT. .
DID NOT KNOW SHE |§
' HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Never Suspect It.
Gertrude Warner Scott Cured by the Great
Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root.
, Vinton, Iowa, July* 15th, 1901-
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton, N. T.
Gentlemen— In the summer of 1833, I was taken violently ill. My trouble be-
gan with pain in my stomach and bacMc, bo severe that it seemed as lf knives
were cutting me. I -was treated by two of the best physicians In the county,
and consulted another. None of them suspected that the cause of my trouble
was kidney disease. They all told me that I had cancer of the stomach, and
would die. I grew so week that I could not walk) any more than a child a
month old, and I only weighed sixty pounds. One day my brother saw in a
paper your advertisement of Swamp-Root, the srreat kidney remedy. He bought
me a bottle at our drug store and I took It. My family could see a change in
me, for the better, so they obtained more and I continued the use of Swamp-
Root regularly. I was so -weak and run down that it took considerable time
to build me up again. I am now well, thanks to Swamp-Root, and weigh 143
pounds, and am keeping house for my husband and brother on a farm. Swamp-
Root cured me after the doctors had failed to do me a particle of good.
(Gertrude Warner Scott.)
"Women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not cor-
rectly understood; in many cases when doctoring they are led to believe that
womb trouble or female weakness of some sort Is responsible for their ills,
when In fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney* and bladder
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince anyone—
and you may have a sample bottle sent free, by mail. ,
Sample Bottle of Swamp -Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or lf there is a trace of It In your family history, send at once to
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly, send you by mall, Im-
mediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book
telling all about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. In writing
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this
generous offer In the San Francisco Daily Call. t .
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Aoot,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y.3245. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three -year- olds and up; to first. $325.
OAKLAND BACETBAC^—Taesday.Fe^ 4.— Weather fine 1 Track muddy.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
. ~~~- : ~~I ~ ~. ~- ' ~. ] BatUsg.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . %. %.' Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
S2°3 Wvnmlnr a. .... .139 " 1- 2 5- 24 2 5 lh Brown & Co-,.. Bullman «-5 5-3
S) John Peters 3 127 2 1 4 • 1-3 12 2 6 J. F. Schorr... J. Woods 1 3-5
&n Ariratc 7% \ 108 4 3 4 3 2 ,8235 W, G^ Matthews.. Mthws 8 7
V^4 Lovll S 4 , 122 ' 6 5 14 5 4 10 4 15 V.Gilbert Conley 30 300
iVW> B Bohamson 4..122 6 6- . 5 1 6 15 5 20 Klunder & Burns. .Jones .30 2O»
S215 1 3kl^M^4 :.*:.^.120 3^4 !'¦ «¦ « « Covington & Co. . Vickery 15 60
Tiinp 'M -'»M^- V, ¦ zSOVi' • 5i. 1:17. ' Poor start. I Won first three driving. Winner. J. O.
Brown &' Co/ s b? g. by Pardee-Caprlce. Peters stopped the last hundred yards. Wyoming
liked the number «tf™"2^Otherajja^^
3240. SECOND RACE— Futority course; gelling; thre&--year-olds and up; to first. $323.
p 3 T ~" 3 T~ i f ~- '¦ '¦ Betting.
Index Horse. Age.- Weight. I St. %. .%¦ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
S'*Vt' Jlnc-lM- 3 '~~. .'. 96 2 \ lh ¦*« % 3 % 1 h, D. S. Fountain. .. .Hoar • S X9
3226 Th^eaverVa C. 96 4 1.2 lh 2 6 H. I. Wilson,. Bfcrlwnruth 3 7-3
"^47 HlDponax 5*.?;..lll 1 ; 7 1 3 h 4 1 3 1 Brown & .Co,,., Jackson 8 I
S227 Annie Mix T. ,.91 3 6 1 6 1 6 1 43. P/Shexidan,,., JjDaly Id l2
M01 Screen Lake 4.'lO6 8 ; V6 2 6 2 «2 5n T. Fox.. -O'Connor 3" 4
Sm Breton" 3*W..... 98 7 2 1 2 h 2h 6 10 Chlnn & Forsyth.. Ranch 5 W
2049 SanSeros, 5/."""tO8 5" 4%..7% 7 1. 71 W. R^Jenning^ Burns 3 14-5
Silver Ftea. B ...106" 8 • 8 % 8 1 8 2 82 P. Corrlgan,. ,.,Glsborn 8 20
FaoSLrlna 3 01 » 9 10 » 6 ft 8 » 10 J. T>. Lu«Jaa»....Redfern 13 10«
319^ ThrH^S^o 4 .'."105 10 11 10 8 10 10 10 15 T..H. Eyao. .Vickery 15 BO
S224 OalrV White. 4:;:i(>2^1 10 25 11 11 11 G> W. Scott, ..Watette 100 SOO
Time— To % :21%; • to ¦%, V*7; last H. 1:03%; short %. in3%. Ptoor start. Won first
three driving. Winner, D. S. Fountain'* to. g. by Brutns-Nabette. Jingler. always promi
nent, outstayed Th» Weaver. With an, even break Hlpponax which bolted as barrier went
up would have won. Latter broka down after dosing a world of lost ground. Screenwell
Lake couldn't get up- Cand«ros did not like the- mud, endeavoring to run out. Scratched—
Budd'.Wade 93. ',_—' ¦u.-.--^ : .--i !-,_-,'_,-, 1-, ,-.' '¦_ _-.J-,-- .- -; -..-. .-'. , -.. ._._._,.
8247. THIRD RACE— Threa and a, hall tarlengs: maiden two-year-old fillies; to Crst. $323.
— ; — , . • . ¦. - . z " ! ; ! : ' ! ietHnTT"
Index Horse ' ku& Weight, at. %. %. Str. Ftn. J Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
3109* Dotterel 115 2 ... 1 » 1 n 1 1 T y K. Steven** .CTConnor "¦ 3 18-5
3210 Ml Reina 115 4 ..,< 4 2 2 % 2 n. Baldwin & Co. ..Ransom 5-2 11-3
S151 Puss in Boots., ..115 1 ... .22 8 ft ' 3 10 A.Joseph Eullmaa 8-5 6-3
cJlOO LiUIe Margaret..lOS 5 ..." 5 15 5 12 4%, Caesar Youn*.. JacKscn 10 39
.... Maud Sherwood..H5 .3 ;.:... 3 1 4 1-512 D Cameron......^Conley 10 25
3233 Minnie, Drosael. -115 6 ... . 6 6 - g King .& Co...;. /Webster 100 100
Time i/i :24J4; ZV,t, :**.' Good start. Won first three' driving. Winner.' T. H. Stevens' b.
t. by. Governor Foraker^Qneen. Bird. Dotterel ontbrok* her Held. Mi Retna. slow to get away.
. Pubs in Poots . stopped. ' ¦:>" - .'. ¦¦ ¦¦' "• • * -
3248. FOURTH RACE— One mite; .Kearney handicap; ttoefe-year-olda and up; to first, $500.
Index Horse. Age. VTelght. St. ¦' •: %. fetr. ' Jin. | Owiter and Jockey. Op. OL
3230 Kenllworth. 4... ..120 3 14 15 11 1 % W. H. KetchemaiuJcksn 3 a
(3224) Rollick 4 104 1 25 24 2 10 25 Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 2 XX-3
3237 Frangible. 5 IK! 2 3% 3 1 3 SO 8 40 F. D. Boaa Knapp 7 »
3165 (Mercer. 5 9C4 4 '* 4. 4 J. K. Rlchagdson.Redfrn 2 13-5
Time— U :25: :<9%: ?i. 1:15% J n^ 1 *. 1:^2%- Good start. "Won ridden out. Second
' and third driving. "Winner, W. H. Ketcheman's br. h. by Sir Modred-Queen Bess. Win
ner set & warm clip and outstayed Rollick. Knapp fin. Frangible did his best. Mercer
couldn'.t untrack himself.
3249. FIFTH. RACE — Six furlongs; selling:; three-year-old celts and geldings; to first, $32X
_ , , _ baKlng. '
IndexlHorso and "Wdght-ISt. %. 9i. Str. Fin. Owner and Jocisy. Op. . CL
30C1 " Evander 1... ;114 3 1h 11 1?4 1% fW. Fisher & Co.BuIlmn « la
3226 Maraschino .J....114 4 3h 31 2 12^ J. C. Humphrey .JncUaon 9-5 9-5
8071 Baldo <114 2 6 5 h. 3^35 B. Scbreiber Mounce • 6 1O
(S221) Dwight "Way..... 114 7 7 62 51 41 W. F. McSaerry.O"Connr 8 5
3227 Senator Bruce.... 117 tl 43 2 n i h 53 J-LwClaytn & Co. E.Jones 30 60
3217 Chandoo 117 5'5%7 t>4 65 T. H. Stevens. .J. Woods 4 S
8208 Bagsenzo 114 1 2 1 4^7-7 W.B.Jennsa & Co.Eurna 5 8
Time — %. :25; %, :50%; *4; 1:171*. Good start. Won first three- driving. Winner, W.
Fisher *& Co.'s b. g. by The- Greek-Peril. Evander outstayed Maraschino. Baldo ran a
very good race. Dwight Way no chance with start. Chandoo ran as If he had" never
heard of mud. Baseenzo grew sleepy early. I "
32SO. SIXTH RACE — Mile and fifty yards; selling: four-year-olda and up;' to first, $323.
j ~ ~~ t l~ B«tU2g.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight St. %. H- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3206 Joe Ripley, a..^..114 3 2 1 2 1% 2 1 1 ns IP. G. Lane Brodlea 10 %
319« Dunblane. 5...;. .114 4 In 11 In 22 WVELJenngs & Co. Burns 10 13
£982 Galanthus. 4 106 5 4%42 433 3 J. CofCey O'Connor 4 S
(3202) Marcato. 'a. ...... Ill 2 31 32 3 h .4 2 Burns & Watrhs-Bullmn S , 4
3222 Hungarian. 6 Ill 6 6 3 6 5 54 54 G. W. Miller Troxler 7 10
(3213) Bathos, 5 ..114 1 5 3: 6 h 6 5 6 2 J. J. Moran Mounee 3 7-2
3232 Light Ball, 4 1061 7 7 7 7 7 . A. H. Vivell.... Jackson 10 20
3198 Formero, 6 Ill f Left ... J. Hackett J. Woods 3 7-2
Time — Y*. ••25*6: %. -SW>1 Vl. 1:1T; mile. 1:44ft:. mile and. BO yards, 1:4.7%. , Good start.
•'Won first three driving. Winner, P. G. Lane's ch. h. by Hyder Ali-Loto. Joe Ripley
cherry ripe to-day. Dunblane improved a minute . or two. Marcato backed up some the
last act. Mounce took Bathos back and then couldn't get up. Formero could probably
have won. Scratched— M. I* Rothschild 109, Siddons 109, Aloha II 111. Lodestar 111.
Steamer. . y rom . . Due
Ma «l d a la y Coquille River...;. 5
R. Dollar. . . .. Seattle & Hadlock. . ; . " Kh I
A [£ at a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb 5
Allia n«* Portland & Way Ports FeU 6
CzarEa 1 - ' * ' • * L*'?^ 0^ Wiy^ti Feb! I
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb r
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .. Feb 5
Argo... Coqutlle River ..." Feb K
Nome City... San Pedro ..... ;. ., Feb 5
Tellus Oyster Harbor . . . ... . ' F eb 5
Eureka...... Humboldt rflh «
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports'.:::' Feb «
!&?£ e ° n f *»* f| |
Crescent City Crescent City ...' Fe b n
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria.. Feb 7
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports.' Feb 7
5 orlc China & Japan... Feb 7
Prosreso Seattle ".... .. . pfE' I
Banta: Monica Humboldt %th t
Bo " lta Newport & Way Ports' Feb S
Lakme. Portland -fc Astoria. ..." F lb 8
Hv?X« " £ ortland & Astoria. feb »
"iL 8 ,^ Honolulu & Kahului ... Feb J
Sequoia Grays Hurbor w-k «
NoMhFork.. Humboiat ......... v iS' 1?
psmM r t s u a>r.. p ""- :::: l|
TO SAIL.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 5. »
Steamer. _ Damnation. •¦ gau^ pier?"
. i February 5. ' ' ~
&&>&£ segagg5=e?S t am si i
UmaUUa I™ DI | gO 5 Way " » ™ «« 11
Umatilla... PugeV Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
February «. -
Santa Barb. Grays Harbor. ; . . . . 5 pm p ler o
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Per 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p P er U
Nome City. . Seattle direct ....... 3 pm Pier • 8
S.rr B - ? & i" bur f $ Way.. 12 m Pier 34
sterra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
• February 7.
Coronado... Grays Harbor ..;.. B cm Pier 1
Arcata...,. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coquille River...... 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor B pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 1«
Coos Bay... San. Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.. n. T. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 27
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Curacao..... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
February 8. .... .
C. Nelson.. Lo 8 Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 8 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier • 2
City Sydney Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
February 9. . , '
Spokane.... San Diego & Way.". 9 am Pier 11
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
February 1O. .
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way. 12 "m Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Lakme.. ... Astoria & Portland .;..:. Pier
/ -February 11.
S. Monica. . Humboldt . . » 10 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport &Way... 9 am Pier 11
. ¦ .February 12.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Sequoia Grays Harbor'..... 5 pm Pier 2
= February IB.' ,. .-. I
Doric...... China & Japan..... 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Queen....:. Puget Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier • 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Attention was called yesterday to the
necessity for proper landmarks to indi
cate the narrow channel at the entrance
to Oakland harbor by . the grounding on
tho north side of the channel of the
steamship Centennial, which was being
towed to Oakland. The local Government
lighthouse . engineers are- now trying i to
yet from Washington an appropriation -for
Centennial Buns Aground.
Four big sailing vessels came over the
bar yesterday afternoon in a fleeu Two
of them, the British ship. Langdale and
the French bark: Jules Verne, were towed
in. The German ship C. H. Watgen and
the British ship Wavertree sailed to their
anchorages. The latter vessel. In charge
of Pilot Miller, sailed to an anchorage
well down the bay, and as she threaded
her way through the mazes of shipping
the pilot's nervy seamanship excited much
admiring comment. The Langdale left
London July 31 and came by way of Hon
olulu, which port she reached in 150 days.
There she discharged all but 800 tons of
her cargo. Captain Hunter is well known
in this port. He served his apprentice
ship under Captain McAllister, the local
6t«vedore and a former master of the
Langdale. Captain Hunter Is accom
panied by his wife, who is a daughter of
Captain Kelly of the old Langdale, who
wag also well known here. Mrs. Hunter !s
one of the principal owners of the Lang
dale. The Langdale sighted tho Horn
October 7, but did not get to westward of
the cape for nearly three weeks later,
owing to the prevalence of heavy west
erly gales. The Langdale's cargo consists
chiefly of liquors and cement.
Fleet of Ships Arrives.
sages on record. She made the
trip In almost steamer time, and that in
spite of a full share of adverse weather
and fickle winds. This is the best pas
sage since 1896. On October 24 of that
year the British ship Andelana arrived In
this port twenty-four days after leaving
Hongkong. This is the shortest trip of
record. The longest passage from Yoko
hama was made by the German ship
Otto Gllderaeister, which arrived here
Mar'cTi 12," 190<T. She played'' Flying Dutch
man on the Pacific for 117 days. Tho
Jules Verne is commanded by Captain
Cerzard, who is well known in the local
French colony and who is very proud of
his vessel's good showing.
THE French bark Jules Verne ar
rived in port yesterday, just
thirty days from Yokohama, hav
" ing rnade one of the quickest pas-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office; U S -N ' ; iir »r
FeKry^^oSf 6 '
The Time Ball 6n the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
n t' *£ noon ,°' the 120th meridian, or at s
P. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET
Lieutenant U. S. Navy. In charge.
' •'. •''".. ' . •' _• ¦'¦' •"¦-..-• >•'¦ ¦
sometimes occurs. The heights given . are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts,, except when a minus (— )
slsn precedes. the height, and then the number
given. is subtracted from the depth given bvth«
charts. The plane of reference is the mean o?
the lower low waters. " or
the construction of daylight ranges which
will render safe the navigation of - this
narrow channel. The Centennial was
aground for about an hour, but sustained
no imury.
Gives. His Guest, Crocodile Hide.
Captaitt" Wilson of the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company and Captain
Anderson, who regulates the Pacific Mail
dock, were guests on board the Kosmos
liner -Nicaria last Saturday, just a few
hours before that vessel sailed. They
were entertained at luncheon by Captain
Paul liruntz, who likes Captain Wilson
.because_of..tne _ latter.' s .ability to . talk
Kussian, which is Bruntz's native tongue
¦The luncheon was In Wilson's honor, and
before .the twd local ; Captains left the
Nicaria Captain Bruntz presented to Wil
son a magnificent alligator skin, the orig
inal wearer of which Bruntz killed down
fl, Qua > a< l ui '- Captain Wilson is having
tnis skin tanned and proposes to have
made from It a- dress suit case, The man
ufacturers have promised to have the case
i!S?i d r £ y ,4 u ?! tt £ t^' wnerI Captain Wilson
will take it with him to the Elks' celebra
tion at Salt Lake City.
Steinberg's Boiler Is Condemned.
When the boilers of the quarantine ten
der General Sternberg were blown down
the other day for their regular cleaning
the poor condition of the boiler tubes at
tracted the attention of the engineer A
survey was asked for, and as a result the
tubes were condemned. ,The Fulton and
Unio!i Iron Works have been asked to
submit ; blds for replacing them. It will
be thiee or four weeks before the Stern
berg goes into commission again, and
meanwhile the quarantine doctors are
using the gasoline launch C. A. McNelll
lor boarding purposes.
Sailing of Sterra Is Postponed.
The sailing of the steamship Sierra has.
been postponed from Thursday morning at
10 o'clock to Saturday at 7 p. m. on ac
count of the lateness of the British-Aus
tralian malls. .The last installment of the
mail was dispatched from Great Britain
by the" Cunard- steamer Saxonia on the
2oth ult..but did not- arrive in New York
untH yesterday afternoon.- It- is due to
arrive, here ¦ next Saturday evening.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The British steamer Hatasu loads lumber at
Portland' for China' or Manila, chartered prior
to arrival. -
The British ship Wegt Lothian Is chartered
prior to arrival for wheat at Portland for Eu
rope at 35s.
Breadstuffs for Europe.
The Italian bark Zilia was cleared Monday
for Queenstown for orders with 38,650 half
sacks flour, equal to 19,325 bbls, valued at $67,
600. The vesseUaleo carried 38,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $270.
The British ship -Craigerne was cleared yes-!
terday for the same port with 67,277 ctls
wheat, valued at $75,687, and 16,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage,' valued at $250.
The British bark ' Invercoe was cleared yes
terday for Falmouth for orders with 52,446
ctls- wheat, valued at $57,750, ftnd 15,000 ' ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $225.
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance i to . San
Francisco Eay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low - waters occur at
the -city front (Mission-street -wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.'
THE BRIT.I8H SHIPS LANGDALE AND WAVERTREE AND THE FRENCH BARK JULES VERNE wmrw ™
COMPANY WITH THE C. H. WATGEN. ARRIVED IN PORT YESTERDAY, TWO OF THEM ' saittvp t^t
AXD TWO BEING TOWED TO THEIR ANCHORAGES. - . - ,. -..^ ¦„ 4 SAILING IN
Sun rises .."..'........... 7:11'
Sun sets ; . . . 6 :37 ¦
Moon rises ..4:46 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
g. 2 Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
• L W H W L W H W
6 2:4C • 2.9 0:00 6.1 3:60 0.0 11:01 ~4?4
6 8:31 2.9 9:40 5.2 4:26—0.111:30 4.6
7 4:14 2.810:21 6.3 6:01—0.1...
II W L W H W L W
8 0:09 4.7 4:55 2.6 10:58 5.2 5-37 01
9 0:36 4.8 5:39 2.3 11:41 5.1 6:13 0 4
10 1:07 4.9 6:22 2.114:19 CO 0:49 0.7
11 0:15 6.1 6:09 1.1 1?:33 f 5.0 6:25 % 1.4
12 0:47 6.2 6:55 O.8 1:28 4.8 7:05 1.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of . the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth tlmo column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
Another : carload ' ; of /Trunks, Valises,
Dress Suit Cases, Traveling Sets 'at our
famous carload prices. All kinds-of leath
er goods ln ! this, department lettered : In
gold letters free of charge.- Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. • •
Trunks and Valises.
Arrived Feb 4 — Stmr . Pennsylvania, ,>' from
New York for Cherbourg . and Hamburg, and
proceeded. - . " . ,-, ; j ;
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Zeelan'd.'
from Antwerp: stmr A Her, from Genoa and
Naples. » ' , ' . \
Sailed Feb 4-^-Stmr Cevic, for .Liverpool
LEGHORN— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Glenroy,
from Tacoma. Hlogo, etc, for London. ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 4— Stmrs Geor
glc and Ivernia, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Feb 4 — Stmr Ul
tonia, from Boston, for Liverpool. -'¦; ¦ .. . '¦¦.¦¦
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Graf Wal
derseo, from Hamburg,' for New York. ..'..:¦;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed 'Jan 29— =Br ship
Crown of Denmark, \ from Hamburg, for San
Francisco. . ¦ > ' ; ¦
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Jan 31— Schr
Otelia' Pederson.', from Eureka:. . '
SAMOA — Arrived Nov "29— Schr Julia E
Whalen, hence Oct 15.- •¦ . ¦ ¦¦ .
AUCKLAND— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Ventura,
hence Jan 17. '. .*"'...
: MANILA— Sailed Jan 24— U S stmr ' Rose
crans, for San. Francisco. "
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 4— Br «tmr Em
press of China, from Hongkong.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 19— Chll stmr Loa,
from Valparaiso. Jan 15 — Br stmr Peru, from
Valparaiso, to sail 17th for San Francisco.
BE ACHY HEAD— Passed Jan 31— Br ship
Glenholm, from Antwerp, for Port Los An
geles, v...; ¦ ¦ : . tut.*
HIOGO— In port Dec 13 — Br ship ' King
George, for Puget Sound. •
NEW YORK- Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Orizaba,
from Colon.. ¦•_ . ¦ ¦'
FOREIGN PORTS. . . *.¦:"-; ,
EASTERN PORT,
POINT LOBOS— Passed Feb 4, 4:30 p m—
Stmr Mineola, ¦ from ! Port Los Angeles, for
Nanaimo. ¦¦•-•.'
EAST CLALLAM— Stmr Czarina, from Se
attle, for San . Francisco, . lying . at - anchor.
Barometer very low and still falling. .Strong
BE gale blowing. ¦
VENTURA— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Newsboy,
for Hueneme. ¦ • " • • ., -
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 4. 11:05 a m—
Stmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo, | for Port Los
Angeles.'
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 4— Br . stmr ' Pak
Ling,^ from Shanghai. '..-¦:,,
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 2— Schr
Forester, from Santa Rosalia, j - _ ¦
. PORTLAND— Sailed Feb 4— Ship Cambrian
Warrior, for Queenstown; stmr Charles Nel-
BOn, for San Francisco. ¦¦¦'¦¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Arctic
from Bowens Landing; schr Serena Thayer'
from Eureka. ¦
Sailed Feb 4— Stmr W H • Kruger. for San
Francisco; achr Ludlow, for Pdrt Townsend
achr R C Slade. for Grays Harbor; stmr Me
teor, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 4— Schr A
B Johnson, from Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco. -• .
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 2.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco. .
Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Despatch, for Fairhaven.
Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Santa Ana. for San
Francisco.
BALLARD— Sailed Feb 3 — Schr Wempe
Bros, for San Francisco. .
NEAH BAT— Passed in Feb 4— Br bark
Glenafton, from Callao, for Fraser River.
Passed out Feb 4— Stmr Czarina, from Se
attle, for San Francisco.
PORT. BLAKELET— Arrived Feb 4— Schr H
D Bendixsen, from Honolulu. '
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 4 — Stmrs Ruth, Eu
reka and "Westport, ¦ hence Feb 3. • . . . ¦ - -. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBO8, Feb 4, 10 . p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Br shin Wavertree— Nov 28. off Cape
Horn, Br' ship DunstafCnage, from Shields, for
San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
MISCELLANEOUS. . . . ; . . :
LONDON, Feb 4 — Yokohama telegraphs . Br
stmr Knieht Companion ashore. Passengers
and crew landed. Further particulars will be
sent as soon as possible.. '
Schr Antelope, Bjorinsrren, Astoria. •
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Coos Bay.
Schr ReDorter, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Tuesday, February 4.
Stmr Aberdeen, HIggins, Eureka,
Stmr Kmpire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipay, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen,- Caspar.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Jiehdoclno.
Stmr Newburg,' Petersen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Asuncion, : Evans, Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Monica, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Bktn Gleaner. I Schmehl, . Willapa, Harbor.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobsen,. - Eureka. -
Schr Glendaie, Gronvold, Tacoma.
SAILED.
CLEARED. ;
. • Tuesday, February 4.V,
¦ Stmr State, of California, Swanson, i San
Diego; Goodair? Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Lady smith; R.
Dunsmuir's Sons*Co. •» .-'¦ -- • ' ,':
Br ship Craigerne,' Loades, Queenstown; J J
Moore '& , Co. , ..;
Br bark In vercoe, 'Lewis, Queenstown ; . Gir
vin & Eyre. .
Schr Mary and Ida, Stensland, Unga; Alaska
Codllsh'Co.
LOUIS V,ILLE, Ky., Feb. 4.— The Dave
Sulllvan-McGovern fight will take place
on February 22 before the Southern Ath
letic Club at Louisville. Bob Fitzsim
mons will referee the fight.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. . 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 60 hours from San
Pedro. ¦• " . .
Stmr Geo "W Elder. Randall, 73 hours froic
Portland, via Astoria 59 hours.
Stmr Geo Loomis,- • Brideett, 33 hours from
Ventura: up river direct. •'•
Stmr. Fulton, L.evinson. SO hours from Grays
Harbor. ' . ¦ '. m
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 00 hours from San
Pedro and way ports. -
Ger ship C H Watjen, Dlercks. IS days from
Port Los Anseles.
Br ship Wavertree, Peterson, 144 days from
Antwerp.
Br ship Drumcraie, McCallum, 72 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Br ship Lansdale, Hunter, 157 days from
London, via Honolulu 19 days.
Fr bark Jules Verne, Cezard, 30 days from
Yokohama.
Schr Parkersburg,' EUingsen, 6 days from
Coquille River.
McGovern to Fight This Month.
* Track Notes.
Green Morris' crack brown horse Auto
light pulled up lame \ yesterday morning
after breezing a half-mile withWatercure.
¦ . Johnny Bullman piloted ' two winners,
one a second choice and the^ other a long
shot. '.-••• .¦...;¦¦• .*•"'•'--
Canderos could not untrack himself in
the muddy going. The Jennings entry was
a, warm thing in the betting. . '
Dunblane ran much better than he did
the day "Plunger" Lewis bet on him.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: ... ¦ '
First race — One mile, selling; 8-year-olds
and upward:.
8220 Courtier ....109 3202 Monda ......114
318G TheGafter...lO9 3220 Kastaina ....112
3240 Bob; Palmer. .109 3078 Graylette ...109
3220 Key Del San 30G« Talma 114
Juan 114 . '
Second race — Three and a half furlongs, gell
ing; 2-year-olds:
3151 Montezuma ..108 3072 Amoruna ....105
3247 M. Drossel...l05 3241 Hudson 108
3079 Dismay 105 3241 Nigrette 105
8139 Annie F 105 -
Third race — Five and a half furlongs, - sell
ing; 3-year-olds:
FLYCASTERS PLAN " !
.FOB YEAR'S EVENTS
Bright Prospects for the Gentle Pas
time on This Coast During the ¦ ;
Season to Come.
The annual meeting of the- San Fran
cisco -Flycasting Club was held last night
in the Assembly Hall, Mills building. Uni
usual interest was shown in the pastime
and all indications point to a successful
season. ' .. . .. • :. _ '_. .'.„
The contests of the club will be held at
Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park, commenc->
ing on the 15th inst. There.will be con
tests" twice a month, ten meetings of -two
days each being held. ; No contests are,
scheduled from June 7 to August 23. This
is Intended. to afford the members amplft
opportunity to prepare for the open-to
the-world tournament which is being af
ranged. ..." > .,"' !¦'
' The. present intention .is to, hold this
during the last week of July or the finst
week in August, subject to the wishes of
competitors from the East. The. tourna
ment is expected to be a pronounced suc
cess. The club has ample furids at its
disposal and many valuable prizes -have
been offered \}y men interested in the pas
j! e Homer Fritch, C. B: ' HbllyWocfd . anfl'_
FredW. Lees were elected members to
the club. It is purposed to form an hon
orarV membership limited to ten. ' This
will. bo restricted to experienced angers
who have achieved wide and honorable
distinction in business, professional or
public life. They must reside beyond the
borders of San Francisco; San Mateo, AI
ameda and Marin counties. , ; '
A flycasting club Is to be', formed \m
Portland, where a tqurnafnent .win-be
held in 1905 in conjunction ". with the
World's -Fair. The club will be: formed
by the Oregon Fish and Game Associa
tion. President Mansfield 'suggested that
clubs be formed in Los Angeles.and other
places where suitable water can b.e found.
The officers elected for the year were: .
President; Walter D. ; Mansfield? .-•. first - vice
president, Colonel C. IV Edwards; second vice
president, H. F. Muller; secretary- treasurer;^ -TL.
W>i Brotherton; ! captain, H. Battu; executive
committee— Horace Smyth, C. G. Younff, Ed
Everett, J. S. Turner. F. H. Reed. ... "
Pi Those' in attendance 'at the "meeting
were: •. ]\'t> *','.':' ".'¦{-'•'
W. D. Mansfield, J. - S.^Turner, .Henry Skin-,
ner, H. F. Muller, C. G. .Young, - A. : Battu,
Dr.- AVatt, S. Heller, Ed . Daverkosen, .. Dr.
Brooka, Charles . Huyck, Colonel C. . G... . Ed
wards, B. Kennlff, ; H. Keriritff; : A. T. Vogel
sang, E. A. Mocker, M. Richards, H. . Kierulff,'
F. Blade. S. Rosenheim, G.. II. Foulks, Charles.
Grant, T. "W. Brotherton: " ;" ' - ¦"
McPartland Wins in a Hound.
MILWAUKEE,- Feb. J '4.— Kid; McParf
land of New York knocked' out Ott6 Sell
off of Chicago in the first round of what
was to have been . a six-round go before
the Milwaukee Boxing ' Club to-night at
the Panorama building.' It "was ; after! two
minutes of fast fighting, 1 - during a ; break
away, that the knockout, blow was deliv
ered. . -•¦/.'.'•¦;¦.'. ".<".¦ ... ' ¦ '• ¦. .-'•«' -'/
Do Not Delay, /
But get. your all-wool- men's suits and
overcoats worth; J1S , for, $165.' All of the
A. •Brick; Bankrupt Stock willVhave , to
clear out to make room for the NewnYork
Clothing Stock; will arrive soon. At the
Boston, 773 Market street, near Fourth. •
Joseph Hasman, a merchant doing busi
ness at Elk Grove, Sacramento County,
was arrested yesterday by United States
Marshal Shine on an indictment found by.
the United States Grand Jury charging
him with defrauding the. Government by
sending in a false return of his business
as Postmaster of Elk Grove. It is alleged
that in October, 1900, Hasman reported
the canceled stamps, etc.,' as of the value
of $194 93, when, in truth, such face value
was only $176 05, a. discrepancy of $18 88.
Hasman gave bonds in $1000' before a Jus
tice of the Peace , at Elk Grove and was
released.
Elk Grove Merchant Arrested.
The alleged discovery 'was' made near
Wells Creek, in. the Mount Baker district;
Its locators are Thomas : Reed of. Fair
haven, F; McCombs-of Sumas and C. M.
Hanshaw and D. M. Kiellar of Whatcom:
The discoverers say that enough ore is
exposed to keep 1000 stamps running day
and night for many years. Like the great
Excelsior mine, one mile away, It Is more
in the nature of a quarry than a regular
mine with well defined veins. ,
*,TACOMA, Feb. 4.— Four miners have ar
rived at Fairhaven with the story of ' a
golden discovery that sounds like a fairy
tale. - While prospecting two weeks ago
they came across a small mountain com
posed entirely, of light%ray. quartz. Ono
of them broke, oft! a piece with his pick
and found it spieikled -with" gold^ Numer
ous tests over .-the, larger part , of the
mountain's surface were made, and the
entire hill, 12&0 feet '.high, was found to be
capped -with quartz- carrying values rang
ing from 513 to $32"perton.- Sixteen claims
were staked* covering -.the, larger part of
the mountain's surface. '
Spetlal Dispatch to The Call. '
Claim to Have Made a Fabu
¦ lous Strike Near Mount
Baker. "-'¦
Seldom has a long: shot been more stead
ily played than was Evander, winner of
the fifth race. Backed at 12 and 15 to 1,
nearly all of the books were hit. Bullman
got the outsider away in front and, never
headed, downed the favorite. Maraschino,'
half a length. Chandoo from, all accounts
was expected to be a contender, but
Woods let him fall out of it, finishing far
back in the ruck. He Is a starter again
to-day. . • , .
Old Joe Ripley, at odds of 10 to 1, nosed
out Dunblane for the final mile and fifty
yard run. The latter picked up a bit in
his speed, cutting out the pace and only
losing on the last stride. Formero, equal
favorite with Bathos; was. left, and the
latter never cut any figure.
Winnie O'Connor on Dotterel, a filly by
Governor Foraker, from the Stevens sta
ble, furnished the upset in the "baby"
event. The young miss jumped away in
front and was never headed, beating MI
Reina a half-length. Imp. Puss in Boots,
the .favorite, was outfooted, .taking the
show. . . ; • ' ' .
i Four to five previous time out the books
laid 10 to 1 against Jingler in the, betting,
on the Futurity course sprint. . The three
year-old • led most of - the way. The
Weaver, a short priced one, was always
the contender, losing by a head only. Hip-'
pomax, a heavily played outsider, came
from the rear, taking the show. Canderos,
tlie favorite, piloted by .Burns, did not
fancy the going and tried to run out
around the far turn. .
. For the introductory slx-f urlong sprint
the Schorr colt, John Peters, went to the
post a 3 to 5 favorite. It lo»ked a two
horse race and Wyoming accomplished the
feat. The favorite, after leading, to within
a few yards of the wire, began- stopping
and the old war- horse won-by a head.
Arlgato finished third. Bullman, on the
winner, rode an excellent race.
Right from the start the sport waa
marked by upsets, Kenllworth being the
only favorite ' to land.' Jingler, Evander
and Joe Ripley all registered at fancy
odds. '""'..
.•"..•win .of the Kearney handicap by
Kehilworth at j Oakland yesterday,, the
Idaho rider was indefinitely suspended by
the judges. .On January: 31 .Morunce- had
"the tag upon Kenllworth in the San Ra
mon handicap at six and a half furlongs,
when Princess Titania was returned win
ner. Mounce was away from the barrier
first with the brown colt and .took him
back and finished fifth. In behalf i of
Mounce it must be admitted he is given
to taking horses back and then- coming
with a rush the last part, but his effort
on Kenil worth was a frightfully mis-
Judged piece of rldinr. Yesterday Kenll
worth shouldered 120 pounds in the mile
handicap and over a muddy and holding
track led from start to finish, beating Rol
lick less than a length in 1:42%, a remark
ably fast performance. Thia and possibly
one or two other rides of a' clammy sort
caused the oflSclals to take action. The
matter will, later on, . come before the
stewards. •
FOR some time past the saddle ef
forts of Owen Mdunce on different
occasions have been severely criti
cized by racegoers, and after the
Miners Reach Fairhaven
With a Remarkable
" . ¦ Story.
Wyoming Outsprinls John Peters in the First Event at Oakland— Jinglsr
Leads a Cheap Field Out at Odds of 10 to 1, Well Handled by Hoar.
Evander and Joe Ripley Also Contribute Liberally to the Surprises
FIND MOUNTAIN
OF GOLD QUARTZ
KENILWORTH WINS A FAST-RUN RACE
AND JOCKEY MOUNCE IS SUSPENDED
• .. Tuesday, February 4. ;.
Stmr Geo lioomis, BridKett, 33 . hours from
Ventura. ; • ..¦ . >' . . -
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, '76 hours from
Grava. Harbor. "
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Steamer. 9 For..." Sails.:
Bertha Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. Feb'. 7
Dolphin Bkagway & Way Ports. Feb.' 10
Nome City.. . Valdeas & Way 'Ports... Feb. 10
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
K. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb 15
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 16
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. City
summary: .
• First race, selling; six furlongs— Fickle <?*int
Won Aberdale second. Frank Jones third lime!
Second race, three and a half furism*.
Third race, selling, mile and a quarteiCr'a*
tEKTuST Erne - 8ecoa<1 ' B ™ B ««* tt£S:
Fourth race, mils and twenty yards— Xoble
mS?e. W^47%? * 8BC ' S " Ver Coln third.
Fifth race,- selling, "one mile— Pirate 1 * o,i»n
Time, S. BraMble ' eCOnd '. *"& U?S£
Slxtlt race;. selling. «lx furlongs— Carl Kahler
Racing at New Orleans.
.;. For a time it was thought by the Yo
•. Semite Athletic Club officials that boxers
Jack Root and Tommy Ryan might be
brought together. They disagreed on the
weight question, Ryan wanting to weigh
in at 3 o'clock at 162 pounds and Root
wanting 165 pounds at the same hour
"*YI 1 . < L BiU 'L Ha^ahan ceased. to be a
possibility when Frank Childs knocked
him out in Chicago Monday night
Marvin Hart wired Harry Corbett ves
terday he could not fight here until ne-tt
month owing to his Eastern engagements
The club officials deferred to public opi£
J 0^ and v« a^ aI l d * O K ed th6 P r °Ject of having
Choynski fight here. They want to cive
a high class match or none at all -'
Lou Houseman left last night 'for hi*
telnSnS. 0350 - Ot WU1 * tart =«*
Choynski Fight Is Off.
Whitney Horses Are Coughing. •
LONDON, Feb. 4.—Truth says that
Nasturtium, William C. Whitney's Derby
candidate, has been coughing for the past
ten days and that It is understood other
Heathhouse horses are slmllary affected.
"When once this sort of thing starts,"
says Truth, "there is no telling where it
will end, but it is hoped it will not run
through a.stable which now contains so
many high-class animals."
The Cuckoo has taken first prize for the
most beautifully decorated houseboat in
all the celebrations held at Belvedere. It
.was sold because the business of Its own
er demands all his attention. .
It la the intention of the new owners to
remove the ark to Fetaluma Creek, where
they can enjoy the excellent striped bass
fishing which its waters afford. With the
ark goes a swift gasoline launch and a
number of rowboats. The ark has six
roomy sleeping apartments and a large
dining or living room, . the sides of which
are fitted with Persian couches. , , It is
provided with a big kitchen, with a com
plete outfit of cooking utensils.- -¦-¦
. Negotiations were completed yesterday
whereby the ark passes into the posses
sion of a club of.. ten sportsmen.. It will
be ..known as the Quo Vadla Club, and is
made up of the following: Will S. Kittle,
John B. Coleman,. A. M. Cumming, F. T.
Hayes, A. B. Harrison, Henry Landsber
ger, George W. Emmons, W. F. Bogart,
E." Painter and F. H. Bushnell.
For seven years the popular owner of
the Cuckoo has dispensed the most lavish
hospitality on the boat, on which he has
livfed during the summer months over
near Greenbrae, on the Marin shore. All
thy prominent theatrical' people, clubmen
and others from the East have at one
time or another been ' entertained by the
owner. •;'••• - .-. ¦¦..',.
erty of Prominent Sportsmen.
Fred H. Bushnell. the photographer, has
sold his ark Cuckoo, the most beautiful
and widely known houseboat on' the bay,
toja syndicate of sportsmen. ;
"Widely Known Axk Becomes Prop-
Fred H. Bushnell's Beautiful and
Abercrombie claims that Heydenfeldt
has failed to carry out the agreement, in
that he paid Wells only $1329 25 and has
not paid him any of the bonus. Aber
cromble also alleges his partner raised
the money to pay Wells on the horses
which he, Abercrombie, owned. The
horses in dispute are Rio Chlco, Mocorito,
Jennie. Reid. Irma A, Johle H, Gua Aber
crombie and Revolt.
Gus Abercromble, the horseman, filed •
suit for an accounting: and dissolution of
partnership against his partner, Thor O.
Heydenfeldt, yesterday. Abercromt>I»|
claims that in December of last year Hey
denfeldt agreed to enter into partnership
with him in' the. horseracing business. Ac
cording to the agreement the latter -was
to pay J. "Wells a claim of $1679 25 he held
against seven horses owned by Abercrom
bie, and to Abercromble the difference be
tween the claim and 12000. which it was
agreed should constitute the value of a
one-half interest in the business.
Seeks the Aid of the Courts tn Set?
tling a Partnership in a Boe
ing Stable.
GITS ¦ ABEBCKOMBIE SUES .*'..
FOR AN" ACCOUJiT-LtTQ
First race — Bob Palmer, Courtier, Tbm
Gaffer.
; Second race— Amoruna, Hudson, Dismay.
" Third race— Estemell. Las* of Langdoa, Ar
thur' Kay.
Fqurth race — Diderot, Quadra. Norford.
! Fifth race — Meehanua, Scorpio, Huachnc*.
Sixth race — lady Sterling, Eonlc, Gusto.*
Selections fox To-Day.
HOir6EBOATVcnJCKOO;= v >, ' v 
" , VCHANOES O^yTTEBSHIP
Fifth' race— Six furlongs, selling;. 3-year-olds
dnd. upward : i'. . : ¦ ¦•-•,•,«:. '¦¦'/.¦
UfForbes.. .101 (3244)Scorplo ,.109
<3229)Mission .:...1O4 3211 Huadroca ... 97
8207 Meehanus ...112 (227S)IsaUne 107
(3196)Bard; Burns.. 104 314I._ Ned. Dennis.; 104
Fourth race — One mlla and fifty yards. Bell
ing; 3-year-olds and upward:
(3209)Mnt. Peeress. 89 i 3229 Quadra 88
8221 Satchel 89 (3243) Diderot 106
3238 "Pat Morrlsey.117 1 3243 Norford 114
3209 Lass of Lang- 252S Clear Sky.... 102
aon 102 3227 Rublno 109
S217 Arthur Ray. .112 S226 Montoya ....107
2357 Mike Murphy.109 3221 Armado 104
3107 Baltest 104 i 3077 Sl'p'g Child. .104
3249 Chandoo 112 3221 Knockings ...102
3221 Esternell ....107| '
Sixth race — Seven furlongs, gelling ; 3-year
olds and upward:
3177 Gusto 107 3202 -Nellie Forest. 99
S244 Captivate . . . 9O Lady Sterling 89
(3205)Bragg 98 3223 Eonlc 90
3242 Com. Forster. 05 8220 Bab M
3235 Lento 92
TME SAN FBA^GISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 19
Sails From Port to Port in Thirty Days, Which js the Best Time .Made "by
a Sailing Vessel for More Than Six Years and Has Been Beaten but
a Few Times— Big Windjammers Sail Through Golden Gate in a Fleet
FRENCH BARK JULES VERNE MAKES
A RECORD VOYAGE FROM YOKOHAMA
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: STSEfS1iN!~
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
AFree Trial Package Sent by Mali
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had* battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to. distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
Croat youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. . . , I
The remedy has a peculiarly, grateful i
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, .giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 228 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
birous of -reaching that great class of men
who are unable to -leave home to <be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed In
a plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no ~fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity.. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
FOR
DRINK
WHY?
Because it will positively enre it, with
more safety than any other remedy
known to the medical profession.
Be Careful,
however, that you get Hqnyadl Janos,
as many concoction* are xrat up ana
represented to be Hnnyadl Water,
¦which are not only valueless, but are
• often harmful. /
Your Physician Will Recommend I
I Look at the Label. It 13 Blue I
with red center. IBRIDE OF POPULAR MEMBER
OF SAN FRANCISCO POLICE
DEPARTMENT.
Judges Appoint Court. Commissioner.
Murray F.Vandall. a clerk in" the law
office of Goodfellow\& Eels, was appoint
ed Court Commissioner by the Superior
Judges yesterday. He will fill the va
c&ncy caused by the death of John J.
Mone. '. '»""': . . - . -j
Rice being clubbed he did not see a man
clubbing hi».WVltnes could not tell how
far Rice had proceeded from the-Howard
stret car when he was clubbed. He testi
fied that Rice lay. on the ground with his
feet toward the car, while other witnesses
gave evidence that the. murdered. manjay
with his body in the same direction as the
car wasgoing. . • ¦
,The further hearing oi the case will be
resumed this morning at 10 o'clock. •
The celebrated Mardl Gras Carnival
will open in New Orleans February 10.
This unique festival, with its wonderful
parades, gorgeous costumes, battle of
flowers and confetti, attracts thousands
of visitors every year from all parts of
the continent and even from Europe.
Sunset Limited leaves San Francisco
4:50 p. m. Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day, February 3, 5 and 7. r" ' .
All who are going East should not fail
to take 'advantage of this opportunity to
visit the Carnival City.
Illustrated literature be secured
through any agent Southern Pacific Com
pany. ~
Mrs. "W. TV. Stone, wife of Professor
Stone, principal of the James Lick Gram
mar School, passed away last evening at
6:30 at her apartments at the Van Nuys
Hotel, 1001 Bush street. JMrs. Stone died
of burns received on Tuesday afternoon,
January 28. '
She was unconscious at the last, and
Dr. C. F. Pawlicki Jr., who attended the
unfortunate woman, says she succumbed
to a- series of complications arising from
her terrible injuries.
Mrs. Stone was drying her hair over a
gas heater in her rooms when suddenly
her tresses took fire, the flames being
quickly transmitted to her clothing. She
threw herself upon the floor, causing the
curtairuJ and draperies of the room to
ignite. It was due to the .timely arrival
and presence of mind of J. S. Starr, pro
prietor of the hotel, who heard her
screams, that death did not immediately
ensue. He succeeded in extinguishing the
flames, but not until Mrs. Stone's head
and the upper/ portion of her body had
been terribly blistered and seared.
Though in the midst of great suffering,
Mrs. Stone managed to explain that she
was in the act of drying her hair over
the gas stove when it caught fire.
Mr. Stone and his daughter, Mrs. N. P.
Cole Jr., of 1716 Pacific avenue, were at
the bedside. Miss Jessie E. Stone of Los
Angeles, another daughter, is lying crit
ically ill at Los Angeles and was unable
to come to the city. It is feared that the
shock resulting from the sad news of her
mother'n death may prove too great for
her to survive. <
Mrs. W. W. Stone Passes
Away at the Van
Nuys Hotel.
BURNS RESULT
IN HER DEATH
The Right Rev. William Ford .Nichols,
D. D.. Bishop of the diocese of California,
v/111 deliver the ninth and closing lecture
cf the course under the auspices of the
Sunday School Commission this evening
at 8 o'clock in the Sunday school rocm in
St- Luke's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Clay street. The- topic will be "How to
Teach Doctrine in the Sunday School."
Bishop Nichols Lectures To-Night.
ARTIST PACES
SCORES TRIUMPH
POLICE CAPTURE
DARING ROBBER
CITY OFFICIALS
ATTEND FUNERAL
Garrotes a Countryman
and Snatches His
i Watch.
Wins Two Gold Medals
in Competition at
Paris Exhibition.
Late Super vi sor Dwyer Is
Buried With Impres
sive Ceremonies.
The members of the_ Bohemias Club
have been privileged to see this week two
Important examples of the work of a
Californian artist, now in Paris, that are
on exhibition at the club. The pictures
are from the brush of Jules Pages and
both have been honored with medals by
the authorities of the Paris Salon..
The more ambitious effort. "La Toilette
du Modele," is a study of the nude, almost
life size, and representing a female model
dressing. The study shows the artist at
his test and is a powerful and interesting
effort. The canvas is perhaps too crowd
ed, the detail in some degree detracting:
from the central figure, and, like all of
Pages' work, the subject Is handled In
more literal /than . Imaginative fashion.
But as an example, of flesh painting It la
of the cleverest and strongest work that
has been seen here. The figure Is grac
lully posed, the woman, half -kneeling,
half-standing, facing a mirror, and tossing
up ner hair with easy gesture. The flesh
Is admirably modeled and the drawing is
delightfully sure and free throughout.
The figure compares most favorably with
the specimen of Pages' work now tn^the
Mark Hopkins Art Gallery that deals
with a somewhat similar subject.
The other picture Is also a figure sur>
Ject, .titled "La Gltanella." and represents
a Spanish dancer. . This also is a medal
picture, but the reason for the distinction
is not so Immediately apparent. It is a
pleasant color harmony, but the figure
lacks life and roundness and the present
ment of the subject Is not of the most pic
turesque. "La Gitanella" was painted by
Pages on a recent visit to Madrid. But it
is pleasant food for reflection that a Cali
fornian is winning such honorable place
in the great world of art as Pages is win
ning for himself In Paris.
ststant clerk to the Board of Supervisors;
Supervisor John' Connor, former Assem
blyman Eugene Sullivan and J. H. Rippc,
representing White Eagle Tribe, Im
proved Order of Red Men.
The funeral cortege wended Its way to
Holy Cross Cemetery, where the ceremo
nies at the grave were simple but pa
thetic.
A daring daylight robbery was commit
ted on Clay street, just west of Mont
gomery, yesterday afternoon, but the rob
ber was speedily captured by Policemen
Steve Bunner and P. Herllhy.
V. Petrovich, a visitor from the coun
try, who is stopping at the Garibaldi Ho
tel, 222 Broadway, had just turned into
Clay street from Montgomery when a
man thrust him into a doorway, garrotted
him and snatched his silver watch, break
ing the chain. It was all done so quickly
that Petrovich had not time to call for
help. .
Policemen Bunner and Herllhy had been
standing" on the corner of Clay and
Kearny streets and Bunner started to
walk toward Montgomery, when* Alfred
Kadich of 11 Fifth street came running
toward him and said, pointing to a man
walking hurriedly along the sidewalk,
"That man has robbeci another man."
Bunner, tbok hold of the man pointed out,
who claimed in broken English, »"I've
done nothing." Just then Petrovich came
running up with a piece of chain hanging
from a buttonhole in his vest and said he
had been robbed of his watch by the pris
oner. Bunner | searched the prisoner and
found the stolen watch and piece of chain
In his pocket. - .
At tne City Prison the thief gave the
name of Manuel Marcus and' his occupa
tion that of a sailor. He said his agn
was 18 years, but he looks to be fully 30
years old.
John .Murphy was convicted by a jury
in Judge Cook's -'court yesterday on a
charge of robbery and will be sentenced
Saturday. 'About 3 o'clock in the morning
of December .2 Harry Lawrence, while
on his way home, was knocked uncon
scious by three men on Powell street, near
Geary, and . robbed of $2 10 and a silk
handkerchief. Policeman Braig saw the
robbery and chased Murphy till he ran
him into the arms of Policeman Robl on
Stockton street. D.' J. Kelly was arrested
about the same time on O'Farrell street,
near Powell, by Policemen Sylvester ami
Plume, but at the preliminary examina
tion before Judge Conlan the charge
.against him was. dismissed.
Frank Sullivan, a sailor, was also held
to Rnswer on a charge of robbery. He is
accused of. knocking, down and robbing
Emll A. Naville, a sailor employed on the
steamer Santa Rosa, while accompanying
him. to that vessel last Friday night, v
Promoter Sues for His Fees.
Rufus P. Jennings filed "a suit yester
day .to recover $6000 from tha-' grocery
firm of Wellman, Peck & Co. He claims
that the- firm owes that sum for -servicea
rendered toy him in promoting its foreign
trade. .../.: '
The Old Humpbacks
Are not. to be compared, to our new Pat
ent Back,-- Flat Opening Blankbooks.
which cost no more than the old style
and are infinitely better. Dally Journals,
Calendars, Diaries and Calendar Pads for
1902 at the. right prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ' _. :• .
Men In every walk of life honored the
memory of the late Lawrence J. Dwyer,
Supervisor of the city and county, by at
tending his funeral yesterday. Officials
of the municipal government and ( rela
tives and' friends of deceased crowded St.
Peter's Church on Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, and devoutly heard the
solemn requiem high mass celebrated for
the repose of his soul. The ceremony was
of the most impressive character, and
tears were shed in sympathy for the
widow and children, for many hearts
were sad at the loss of a departed friend.
Rev. Father* Casey, pastor of the
parish, was celebrant. He intoned tho
offices of the mass with feeling. The bier
was placed in the center aisle Immediately
before the altar, and many floral tributes
from dear friends reposed on the lid of
the coffin.
Throughout the mass the choir rendered
music appropriate to the occasion. Miss
Annie I. Roney sang "Nearer, My God, to
Thee" with depth and feeling, moving tho
mourners to tears.
Re.v. Peter C. Torke preached the
eulogy of the dead. It was a tribute to a
life well spent. It was not an address oi
praise, but a eulogy befitting the charac
ter of the decease^. He told of Lawrence
J. Dwyer's life of honest purpose and of
his devotion as a husband and father.
. "What his work for this city was," the
speaker said, "you all know, and there
fore he needs no encomiums from my lips.
His deeds speak for him. All pay tribute
to his earnestness of character, and above
all to his honesty as a man. From his
youth he was more or less interested in.
public affairs, and that he has go le
through that ordeal, through all Us
temptations, without a slur on his char
acter proves that he was an honest man.
and this I say la his eulogy. For honesty
is greater than any . worldly emolument
ana more powerful than wealth."
In conclusion Father Ttorke told of
Dwyer's interest in church work and how
he helped to upbuild St. Peter's parish by
advice and deeds. v_; . ;
The vast congregation then filed out of
the sacred edifice- and stood with bowed
heads, forming a lane to. the hearse.
Through this path came the city officials,
led by Mayor Schmltz and Supervisor
James Booth. In the procession were Su
pervisors Alpers, Bent, Boxton, Branden
steln, Braunhart, Comte Jr., D'Ancona*
Eggers,- Lynch, McClellan, Wilson and
Wynn. Secretary Fay and other attaches
of the Board of Supervisors, The judi
ciary was represented by Judges Fritz
and Conlan. ¦• Among others who attended
were Captain Spillane of . thePolice De
partment, District Attorney Byington and
Auditor .Baehr.
' The Builders' Exchange sent a delega
tion, and White Eagle Tribe . No, 72, Im
proved Order of Red Men, was also pres
ent in resralia.
The widow was escorted to her carriage
by Rev, Father McQuaide, who is a cou
sin of deceased, '-
The pallbearers were Supervisor P, J,
Curtis; John 'McCarthy, secretary of the
Board of Fire Commissioners; A. B. Ma
giilre,. former member of the Board of
Public Worka;. former Superintendent of
Streets Martin Fragler; John Behao. as*
After the ceremony the friends of the
couple repaired to the residence of the
bride's mother, where a wedding feast
¦was served. Mr. and Mrs. Stelzner will
leave on their honeymoon trip this even- •
ing-. They intend visiting Los Angeles
and Catalina Island. Chief "Wittman hav
ing given the groom a leave of absence
from police duty.
James E. Britt Jr. acted as best man
and Miss Nellie Sullivan officiated as
bridesmaid. Mrs. Margaret L. Reeves
gave the bride away.
JOHX C. STELZXEB, one of the
most popular officers connected
with the North End station, and
Miss Marie Louise Reeves, a
daughter of the late Sergeant of
Police Jarces Reaves, were joined in wed
lock last night at St. Mary's Cathedral.
The Rev. Father Prendergast performed
the ceremonies, ¦ which were, pretty and
simple, and were •witnessed by many
friends of the happy young couple.
John Ford, a molder's apprentice, testi
fied that* he saw the murder and that
Buckley was not the murderer. ! On cross
examination he became tangled up in his
answers, and stated that while he saw
J. B. Rolver, a teamster, testified that
he saw the shooting and that he w.as posi
tive that Buckley was not the man who
had used the pistol. On cross-examination
he stated that he was about 450 feet from
the scene of the shooting, and that he had
to. look around to see what was going on
He admitted that though he was in a
wagon he did not whip up his horses to
follow the man who did the shooting
Charles Klnnear, a millwright, testified
that he saw the murder of Rice and that
Buckley was not the man who fired the
fatal shots. Klnnear Contradicted the
other witnesses for the defense by testi
fying that the man who did the shootine
was alone at the -time, i ¦
Witnesses Contradict Each Other.
On cross-examination Oppenheimer ad
mitted that he had been interviewed by a
machinist a number of times since the
murder, but that he did not know the
man's name. He had been taken by this
man to see Buckley at the Jail and also
to the. office of Buckley's attorneys. The
cross-examination . was carried out on
lines to show that the witness could not
have seen the shots fired and that it was
impossible for him to have reached the
door of his house in the time that elapsed
between the first shot and the last one
"He was about the same size and build,"
replied the witness.
Samuel Oppenheimer, a cigarmaker, who
resided at the corner of Howard and
Twentieth streets on the night of the
murder, testified that he was on the sec
ond floor of his house when he saw a car
stop, but not at the regular place. Oppen
heimer claimed that he ran. down stairs
when he heard a shot fired and that he
saw a man firing at another who was ly
ing on the ground- He was positive that
the man who fired the shots wore a dark
hat and was taller and heavier than
Buckley. • .
"How did the man who did the shooting
compare with the defendant, Buckley?"
asked Special Counsel Dunne.
Stewart also contradicted the evidence
of Miss Edmondson by stating that the
man who fired the- shots at Rice stood
within from three to five feet of his vic
tim, and that anther man stood close to
the elbow of the murderer.
On cross-examination Stewart testified
that he might be mistaken as to the color
of the hat worn by the man who fired the
shots, but his impression was that it was
a dark soft hat.
He Slight Be Mistaken.
The principal point sought by the de
fense in placing Stewart on the witness
stand was to get his statement that he
believed that the man who did the shoot
ing had a dark hat on. Buckley wore a
light hat when he was arrested.
Thomas H. Stewart, a mail carrier, tes
tified that Rice was lying on the ground
at Howard and Twentieth streets when
two men, ran up to him and one of them
fired four shots into his body. Both men
then ran off.
.Peter Bernard Flaherty, 14 years of age,
testified that he was on the car on which
Rice rode out Howard street on the night
of the murder. Flaherty stated that he
saw a man get off the front of the car
and he heard shots fired. He could not,
however, Identify the man who did the
shooting. i
On cross-examination Flaherty flatly
contradicted Miss Edmondson by stating
that the shots that killed Rice were fired
rapidly, and that he saw no man firing
from the curbstone in front of the bak
ery.
"It was fully five minutes," said the
witness, "from the time the first shot was
fired until the man with the pistol started
to run away."
In cross-examination Miss Edmondson
stated that the shots were fired very
slowly and that the man who did the
shooting stood on the curb in front of the
bakery and fired at Rice's body at a dis
tance of fifteen teet.
Took Five Minutes to Fire Shots.
- Miss Florence Edmondson , was the first
witness called for the defense. She testi
fied that she was in a bakery on the cor
ner of Howard and Twentieth streets on
the evening of October 11, when Kice was
shot. She ' heard shots fired while she
was standing at the counter of the store
and looked out of the door.
"I saw a man firing at another, man on
the ground," said the witness, "and then
he put the pistol in his pocket and ran
down Twentieth street to Shotwell. The
man who did the shooting was in front
of .the : bakery, but I did not see his face.
1 did not see Rice clubbed. The man who
did the shooting had a black suit and a
hard hat on. It was a dark hat. I saw
a man with a white hat on. He stood
some distance away f?om the man with
the pistol, but did nothing."
When one. of th*e attorneys for Buck
ley made the opening statement for tne
defense and criticized the evidence of the
witnesses for the prosecution Judge Law
lor' was asked by the prosecution to re
prove counsel. Judge. Lawlor instructed
the attorney- on what lines the opening
statement to the jury should be conduct
ed- and to reserve criticisms of the evi
dence until the final arguments were
made.
Counsel for Defense Rsproved.
. uetectiyes Ryan and Bailey gave evi
dence mat BucKiey nad a iun& scar on
me ngnt sicte or nis lace on me morning
toiiowing his arrest.
Ine testimony oj the police officers was
Introduced to corroborate tne evidence of
i'yait, . wno, witn nis daughter j^rilne,
roae en tne -car witn BucKiey, and wno
gave evidence that they saw him jump
irom the car and nre tour snois into
tuce as he iay on the ground.
The prosecution ciosea its case at this
point and the defense asked permission
to recall some of tne witnesses tor tne
purpose of cross-examination.
Louis K. Levy, iiaward" U. Leahy and
Frank J. Keveney, eye-witnesses to the
murder, testified that they saw two men
running away after Kice was shot. Tney
did not see tne men pass any weapons to
each other.
Vvaner ±-yan, who was recalled, testi
fied tnat ne saw a long scmtcu on trie
Mtjnt siue of jtJuciuey.'B face as he roue
on me ilowaru-stieet car on tne night of
tne muraer.
At the morning session tne prosecution
cautKl folice uuieer rrank a. j_.ycett, wno
itsuueu mat lie arrested BucK^ey on trie
rwfciit or octooer i_t as ne was lUiining oil
bt»enteentn street, between iiarrison and
fuisum. une Witness ueseriotu tiucKicj
us being paie and out 01 oreatn. ne toid
oi a star on bucKley's race.
Positively 1 Identify Buckley.
'me witnesses called for the defense
were cross-examined -at length by As
sistant Lhstrict Attorney Alfuru and Spe
cial counsel .reier jjunne, wno suoceeued
in bringing out testimony tnat made ine
witnesses contradict eacu other. &
There were numerous objections by
counsel for the prosecution and the de
fense, and JuQge Lawior repeatedly re
proved .Buckleys, attorneys for asking
improper questions anfl making unneces
sary speeches before tne jury.
In the opening' address made by one of
Buckley's attorneys the admission was
inaaei xnat the defendant was at the scene
of trie muraer and that he became badly
frielitenea and told conflicting stories to
tne police orlicers when-: arrested. . .
The prosecution closed Its case and the
defense opened, the attorneys of Buckley
claiming that they would prove that the
witnesses for the prosecution were mis
taken in their Identity of Buckley as the
man who fired the that I ended,
itice's life.
The two sessions of Judge Lawlor's
court were occupied yesterday in the fur
ther hearing of the trial of William Buck
ley, charged with the murder of George
W. Kice, a non-union machinist, on the
evening of October 11 last, at the corner
of Howard and Twentieth streets.
"Witnesses for Accused Give
Testimony That Is Con
tradictory.
Mistaken Identity Plea
Is Made on Behalf of
the Prisoner. .
DEFENSE BEGINS
IN BUCKLEY CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1902.
Weds Miss Marie Louise Reeves, a Daughter of the
Late Sergeant of Police James Reeves—The
Ceremony Is Performed at St. Mary's Cathedral
POLICEMAN J. C. STELZNER TAKES
UNTO HIMSELF A PRETTY BRIDE
5
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This questi~- arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. 'Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling! no
baking ! add boiling water and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-,
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
jit your grocers to-day, jo cts.
;¦¦'.; tb:e .Ea^jpojBiTTJMr:. | the EMpoBruii. : | : tee . emporium. .1 the empobittm.
if Valenf/wes *^***^ rooks on 5
j£ AroReadv. if . * . * ' ¦ ~ ± ' «* m'" : ~~ * V : * Etitjuetto* X
» Make islsct'ona £ S tSMB^ttB ScTS B S<Bt'& ffftW S%Z&B*fE£8B&B*S W&toff* « Encydcp dh of Eri- •*
% from more than 300 g; *&&& 8 &BbGM B&B &>ff«2»g IL&B |£$ €§ JTgM && B B B & U^PE j» quc tf , by Emi> Ho!t, %
S* styles, raring in price j» "* • • . - '., , .' .>\*-* j| publish:d at £2.00; our jt
I Ss 2$ ?."-'¦¦' | To-Day 's Wide- A wake Shoppers % *3s£53£iS |
f£ stock in town. Second jj ¦ -<m& ¦ ¦ . - ' .' • -s -- ' . • " .. • ' X Usagrs, by Mrs. John 3*
I Underwear at Man'f'r's Cost* Silk Remnant Saie* |
fc* This is the third dav of. the sale of the entire sample line of the celebrated A great lot thiv time in lengths from I to 6 yards, comisting of p'ain bfeck ft
f American Ho iicry Co. V Underwear. We have never since the oprning of and colored Taff:tas, fancy waist Srksj plain colored Pcplins, Peau dc Soies, %
I ; store been able to offer better bargans in Men's Underwear than these. Taffeta Flanne 1 , Duchcse and ' Armurcs, pVn Inuas, black P;au dc Soics, J
|» The line comprises Balbr'ggans in light and heavy weight, silk and lule Merincs, all-wool worsteds, b'ack Grenadinss, etc. Some very choice piec.'S for W»i«S, also lengths suit- j[
£ Cashme.es «* » cd "^ P?«i silk undergarments for men, which m now selling at >ablc for underikirts> HningSj ruffl ngs> tr i m ming aid fanrv w O rk; on Wednesday %
?• manufSO (Ut*et*'S OOHt, which is from one-third to one-half less thaa most retailers ., „ -¦ - j . ' • •
*• ask. Come eary for tlrs in order to'fecur.- your the and the ityle that you prefer. " onl >' at OnS-qUartGr Off tne.a.ready rer UC=d r< mnant prices. X
I MTakle Cover Sale BSewse Waists, Kid £?o//,- flc. I
.. V mm- nag -M ' t f% K ' 39Cm 10-inch Kid Jointed Dal, hair stuffed, "with &
£ • x^v FOB* V& edit SStsSaW £0£^j/.» . r a j ?-^r Wsqoe- hrad, gas eves, showing te;sh, «g
5° « f X . "*^- **^ * i*SS SB Oood ,?oc and 7<cf - «.. ¦ « • <•
h , C., U P- 160 heavy Cretonne Table Covers, t yard square, fringed ? <J& ¦ values for bovs -to 5 " ' S ¦ »'oc1ung%. S
?» .m jitf* 1 , , „ • .'< ', t - 1 - . ¦ «*>— IT r • c On special sal: to-day only at th; aston- — m i*
* . all abound, regular va.ue 30c each; to-day . . . 19O V~-iL r3 a &*' ' h '- rh I 1%Q &
K V 65c Tapettry" Table Civerj; i yard squire, good patterns, <<^ made of fast >oor " ' ng prKe> eac ' ' .J
I Wt"^ M "7t^S&M^ A^^f\ W^€°&£ Groceries- Liquors %
fcj ••'•••' • • * ' ***»C J • X /%___,| \ ' ars t prettily braided; __ Jg
K r p^M:-^\ ¦ IooTa P estr y Tab;e c^ vers » X K yards' square,. 4 bright /U^. CJjL" 5 ! ***** * Te *" neW PriCQS TG—13&j[a §
% ||§^V!\)3^ \A ¦ T'j cufLranTlon 114 fhoics Pink Beans-Best quaUty, to-day 10 $
*T\ or library' tables, regu'arly S1.25 each; to-day. . ( ¦ . , L. / k!!tS «»»,/!„ TJ\l lbs •••'••-••' • 25O 5
f «P*%3** \ .....:....'...... .930 Im/fm h^ *
jtf B -WlflHSsP 150 Tapestry Tab'e Covers, 6-4 si«, the same on both V llt////<tyj enly .. «. 3^ Vj'tsup— National' Food " Co. '\, "to-day, X
' W tide?, fringed all" ardund, and retail regularly fcr 50CJ - ¦ ' ¦¦••¦• ¦•'¦• •».**•• pj nt 03tt j es 2DO »
g \ ' 'special to-day only. . . . ........ 330 h tffefre/ Plated ™! ia . T2B0
fe , " • - » ToWt*i Bsat 9 2&7f* np * VVhzat or Grzhsm Flour — 10-lb sacks, J
* ' s *siSt'aHss. af - p <^ ke^ ksana rjpz^'-iszi*,^il^siig^ 1
K MfTl txQ&eiSa G&rU GSiSGSa bathroom and hvatory, the best sze for gen- day . . .' . f2O
jjS We have bought a small line of samples of Art • eral use, a quick seller at 50c each, oh sale £ nfastdef— Our 'tegufzr 75c' * *
%! Nerd"e- Work Goods— about 500 pieces in If you need a new Pocketbook, a chsnee to buy* to-da M - n Household Department, qua'hy, to-day only, per ga bn . . 53C JB
* al —a: a figure which enables us to offer the one to-day at cost or If ss, we are going to man floor, at .... . TsYO KentrCtv B< u b n— A popular whisky that fi
line to-day at les; than the cost cf manufac- c]ean the fhort . end ,; ne of Combination . «__-,-_- « - - has a large sM ; with us, Sfechl to-<Uy only .' jj
* that were mads to se 1 at from 50c to f 1. 00 morocco and walrm leathers, all handsomely f »II1»C . HlfVlrdi j ' fo-dav bo't'e . ... ... . 7So «
j^ each; our special price to-day, 25 "» and finished, many of them the new popuhr nar- A good 20c quality of Fire White India Li ion.*, Cthrv ' I hasp hate — Bown**, great nerve- %
$ f^C Theba-anc-of the Hne consists of w ,. . Q tri mme d; , '^>We for wants, dresses aprons, children's tonic, to be served hot, quart bottles, fo-day g
& Stamped Domes, Scar s and Tidies, marked u weir, etc.; a nice sheer fabric; on special , . . . BSo *
* at not mor: than half their real valu-; prices, regular . pners have been 85c, g* -*»^ sale to-day (Wednesday) only, per fl _ Mc:r Vtr Khiskty— Per bottle . . $] ,Q J «
i; each, t Cio$fQiT m . • • $1 and * 1.25; sa'e price to-day.. "Vf«d9%at yard < ....... ... . . . " VmfQ \ — Gil'on . . .$4,00 X
f SuitdXioaksandCordetsSTfonthe^l^ I
* « ** ¦ .... ..--¦* ¦ \ *'~f ' • ' - J ¦ • ' * *^
#£^ chin Greatest [ oi' Gioak, Suit an tS Corset Sales. 3
| TMrddayof the sate of the batanoe of Gershsi& Sons' (hs New fw \J( x
x York msnufacturmg taafors) stock of thfs season's gzrmsnfs? in- Jp*w5dr\\L "?
*' /^rlSiHRk- eluding mzny of ihe finest made, and Sachs Bros.' corsets, now CS^M%^y *
$ setting at 37c on the $1.00 or less. ; .. V ." : *
it° ifj/ A ° ' G:r3Vel ' s $S to $ 2 ° Jackets. . . . . . . .$fto $4*95 39c instead of $1.25; full boned Corstts, b'ack MlB$\ M/fih^ *
Jf // S^rX ° i Gcrshcl's $15 to $25 Jackets and Three-quatter Coats and drab, were $1.25 . 3Qj lfS\ f^W^i "J
S // 1/^9 < r^'\'\, ;*'W ..$7.95 75c instead of $1.75 to £2.25 for J. B.Cos-ts - /; \
5* I ylj X « Gcrshcl's $20 to $30 Coats and Raglans ... $Q. 95 ¦ 7 So I I X
*} t HI ,^\ Gershc 's $10 to $20 Drerscs S4*95 ' •' ' ' \i ' c'J V f r l 1 n n II i 1 £
at // ' /// \T> r- u i» * ? ¦* t-» JrJ%yJ*L 75c instead. of Si. 75 to $2.25 for.Kabo.and C. B. . // \ V S
fc' // III \i\ Gcrshels ? 2 ° to $ Z 7:SO Dresses $fOmOO Corsets «1r nrirV 7SS^ // \\ *
7 II \ Gerthd's J25 to 535 Dresses. .......... $m4m 75 . * f^L \A "2
% J III \\ Gcrshel's $3.75 to.$7.5oSkirts ' -^ $2 instead of^5 and $6 for genuine high-grade P. D. i^^^Q 3
$ / / / \ \ $i.5O ' to'S2m9S Corse!s ' aborted styles, sa!e price ........ $2. OO ff^^^Wi x
tt -~-T 1 1 \ \ GersSel's to 512 Skirts .$4m95 Children's Box Coars, of btstc'oth, ages 4, 6, 8, 10, JJl %X S ir
% _ ) I I \ \ \ $ z to $3 Waists 98c 12 ' 1 ? arc assorte i styles, but only' ths best ones, -P — jr'f JufV^ X
g X^ / / J^ 54 t0 $ 6 - 5° Wais^ '.$2.10 sale piic:.... $5.45 ' il- V J
J U to tl Underskirts . . . Q9 S to 98o Children's Ktrsey Coa's, in brown J Long Coats, in tan and castor, ages J
&• $2.50 to $4 Underskirts. ..$1,48 50c instead of 5 2 and $ 1.50— 5 styles, and red,_ man tailored and bnid to I2> tne b=st c i ot h 3) mar> *
K „. __ including Warner's Health arid trimming, sale price . S2m95 m j »' "1 •' 5
J. to Wrappers. ... 69o Bill's Hea'th Abdominal -Corsets, $12.50 Mbs=s' all-wool RuSah talIor^ latest coats, sale pnee. ... *
ti $S t0 $6 Eiderdown Wrappers . . . were $ K50 .and $2.00, sale price Blouse Suits, in age 10 only, sale '$7.45 j{
Jf ....... $1,98 .••••••¦••• .....SOc price.;.... ...... ....$3*75 £8.50 all- wool Covert Jackets, 'cf best J
i : £1. 25 to Eiderdown Sacques. . . . §| g gl &* Ca.!iforiMa:^ L^r^CSt- WfM wel1 made ' a S e3 4 to 12 > S1 ' c P i5c « '*
if 69 j » $2.75 W Anvcric2s!s 0rad\dc5t Store. ......... S3.25 3
1 E»a Fraacieco. Wednesday, 5 February, 1902.
I Three pieces, $22.50. f
P- . In the furnishing of. a home, bedroom furniture is a *big ¦
Q item of expense. Economical home-makers usually take ad- ||
L* vantage of a "bargain" when it is presented, and it is this fact H
| that convinces us that the above bedroom set will appeal to |
j| many. A three-piece hardwood set of honest construction and |
•, m good finish. The material is elm and the ccdor golden, brown. R
p The washsfand and dresser ends are paneled and also the head D
C and foot of bedstead. The bedstead is the usual double size, I
g and measures 76 inches high at headboard; the dresser has a 1
E double top, 20 by 42 inches, and a German bevel mirror, 20 by m
24 inches; the washstand. also, has a double top, three drawers
H and commode apartment. fi
H T Price for the three pieces, $22.50. . . 1
f (Successors to California Furniture Co.) i
I 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Qpp. Golden Gate Avenue. !The saving of a few cents on a bottle of Va
nilla Extract will not' atone for annoyance of
bavins dessert "Just a little o«" in flavor.
Always buy Burnett's,' the standard (juallty.
; HOTEL DEL C0R0NAD0. choicest Winter'
Resort in the world, offers best living climate
boating, bathing, fishing and most amused
mentp. E. S. Babcock, manager. Coronado,-' Cal.
Gorman of Maryland will return to the Senate
with a big Presidential boom," but after the conven
tion is held he will probably land back in the Sen
ate again with a dull thud.
Governor Taft'has given the alluring assurance
that it will take time to establish a stable government
in the Philippines. He probably forgot to suggest
also that the effort will require" something in the na T
ture of money. ? -'" ' .'•;•¦
............
The magistrates of Madrid, at a recent
meeting, voted the sum of 230,000 pelsetaa
for the erection of eight statues of Lope
de Vega, Murillo, Moratin, Ventura-Rod
riguez, Goya, Arquelles, Quevedo and
Salamanca.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and pubile men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.- •
The people of New York have received almost
providentially a warning to be on guard for their
political rights and privileges.' They have learned
that David B. Hill and Lewis Nixon have reached a
thorough understanding and that trouble is. ahead./
Townsend's California glace fruits 30c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
JS^V \ n } c % p^ es , ent f °r Eastern friends.
639 Marfcet St.. Palace Hotel building"
Iowa— A. "U. Coates (Pro.), 15,658- Jame«*
Baxter (S.). 3485; L. H..Welier (Peof^os!
Ohio— Pinney (Pro.), 978; Richardson (U
R.), 2718; Jurgens (S. L.), 2994; Thompson
(S.). 7359. ¦.'¦ , /' . ;.
Massachusetts — George H. ' Wrenn (D
S.), 10,671; Michael T. Berry (S. L.),SSDS;
John B. Lewis Jr. (Pro.), 4780. -
THE SCATTERING VOTE— L. D. P.,
City, M. 'IX, St. Helena, and A. B C
ValleJo.Cal. The following was the scat
tering vote cast for candidates for'Gov
ernor outside of the Democratic and Re
publican candidates' in the States of Mas
sachusetts; Qhlo and Iowa: •¦-••..
There have been frequent reports that Queen
Alexandra would adopt the lily of the valley as the
coronation flower, but the Gardeners' Magazine of
London says the honor will be given to the rose,
partly, because it has been the national flower of Eng
land for generations and partly because it is the
favorite of the Queen herself, who has one of the
finest rose gardens in the world and is very fond
of it.
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend'a.*
Professor • Hewett of London told the British
Chemical Society the other day that a process has
been discovered by which whisky can be distilled in
a drinkable and matured condition, and that'as a con
sequence the "finest possible whisky" could soon be
sold profitably at retail for two shillings a bottle.
This is surely going to be a hilarious century.
In the Cooper family there were ten
children. Five of them had six fingers
and five of them had not. The greatest
peculiarity is that every alternate child
in point of age, has the extra finger and
those who are not six-fingered are blessed
with an extra toe. and those who have six
toes have webs between their toes The
extra fingers and toes have well-developed
nails. Ex.ictly the same conditions nri»
found in the Gasklll family. e
Mrs. Gaskillwas married to Zaccheus
Gasklll thirty-two years ago and has re
sided in Dresbach since then V
Mrs. Gasklll's maiden name was Olive
Cooper. She doesn't know where she was
born,' but the family is probably of New
York origin. She remembers only that
she was a wanderer with the Cooper fam
ily at an early age, and that the Cooper
family were basketmakers and venders
they led gypsy lives and crossed the con
tinent from New York to San Francisco
several times.
Unique in the history of freaks is the
six-fingered family of Dresbach, Minn.
The family now consists of Mrs. Gasklll
and ten children. The peculiarity belongs
to the mother's side. •
F.ngers and Toe> to Spare.
THE FEDERAL CONVENTION-HIs'-
tory, Lodi; Cal. At the convention of 1737,
when the constitution: came 1 up for. con
sideration. New Hampshire had 4 j dele
gates, Massachusetts . 5, Connecticut 3,
New York 3, New Jersey 7, Pennsylvania
8, Delaware 5, -Maryland 10, Virginia 10,
North Carolina 7, South Carolina 5 and
Georgfa 6. Of this number 18 did not at
tend, 16 attended, but did not sign, and 39
signed. . . From this record it is apparent
that the votes of the individual delegates
counted. : , -¦¦.(••',... .
THE LETTER "M" ON COINS— J. M.
O., City. The $20 and $3 gold pieces and
the Bland sliver dollar are the only United
States coins perpetuating the designer's
name. Underneath the lower line of the
medallion of the gold pieces Is "J. B. 'L."
(James B. Langacre). In nearly the same
position on the .Bland dollar is the letter
"M." It appears on the reverse upon the
fold of the ribbon, uniting the wreath,
and Is, the initial of the last name of the
designer, George J. Morgan.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— R. H. Hugg, at the Ash
land ; Miss N. P. Murry, at the Victoria;
Mrs. L. Schwabacher, at the Savoy; Mrs.
Berath, C. Cushlng, Mrs. R. E. Miller, at
the Grand; Mrs. L. Jones,' at the Astor;
H. L. Johnson*and wife, C. J. Squire, at
the Herald Square; Mrs. Brugulere, at the
Gilsey; S. H. Friedlander, at the Delavan;
J. P. MeCarthy, at the Holland.
Los Angeles— C. H. Field, at the Cadil
lac; W. H. Pettibone, at the Imperial; F.
A. Pollock, at the Broadway Central.
San Jose— W. H. Alexander, at the Nor*
mandie. • . .
Californians in New York.
OUT of the discussion which has followed in
Great Britain upon the announcement that
Mr. Carnegie. has determined to supply his
castle at Skibo with a library at a cost of $50,000
there has come a good deal of information concern
ing what a rich man's library should be according to
British standards.
The Westminster Gazette, which has developed the
subject by interviews with leading book dealers, re
ports that a considerable number of them discredit
the statement that the cost of the library is fixed at
the sum named. It is assumed by them that Mr.
Carnegie means to allow that sum for the acquisi
tion of books, but that it does not include the cost
of binding them. Furthermore, it appears that in the
judgment of the experts the binding is a matter of
much more importance and of much more cost than
the books themselves. ,
One expert said that the entire $50,000 could be
easily used up for binding alone, and even at. that
it would not furnish Mr. Carnegie with either a very
big library or a very handsome one. When asked
if a library could be choicely bound for $25,000, he
answered: "Undoubtedly, but its size would neces
sarily have to be limited." He cited a distinguished
lady of London society who has spent more than
$250,000 upon the binding of her library, and went
on to say: "To-day in the. auction marts of Europe
books realize enormous prices on account of their
binding. Volumes by no means rare or unique in
themselves if offered, for sale with a binding, of
Grolier or Ganevari will excite the fiercest compe
tition among wealthy collectors. A copy of La
Fontaine's 'Contes et Nouvelles en Vers,' bound by
Derome for Mme. de Pompadour, realized 17,000
francs. The purchaser paid at. least 16,000 francs' for
the binding." .
The same expert went on to say it is not infrequent
PRIZE MONEY— O. S. Molino, San Ber
nardino County, Cal. When the court of
claims at Washington, D. C, shall have
fully decided who is entitled ; to prize
money for those who were in the battle
of Santiago due notice will be sent to all
parties interested. No public announce
ment of the date of distribution of the
prize money has yet been made.
THE BINDING OF BOOKS.
HORSE LICE— S. T. F., Black Bear,
Siskiyou County, Cal. It is said that the
pest known as "horse lice" that attacks
horses may be destroyed by rubbing into
the roots of the animal's hair white pre
cipitate, taking care to avoid sweating
the animal for several days after the.ap
plication.
The man .who stole the redhot stove and the man
who stole the grizzly were very good thieves in their
day and generation, but Ohio thieves would make
them journey far to rearward and couch themselves,
for a Cleveland dispatch says: "Two burglars paid
a visit to Newburg Tuesday, and not only stole a
building from a man's lot", but after they had entirely
remov.ed the structure tried to sell the lot itself to
people residing in the vicinity."
CLEANING SHELLS— K. P. B., . Fol
som, Cal. To clean shells make a lye by
boiling strong ashes, allow the same to
settle, pour' the lye upon the shells and
boil them six or seven hour3, or longer if
the shells are large; then soak and wash
them often in fresh water.
POSTAL MONEY ORDERS^Rex. Cal
lahans^ ¦ Siskiyou Courtty, Cal. Postal
money orders came Into use in the United
States in 1S64. Possibly the postofflce au
thorities at Washington, D. C, might be
able to tell you the date of the issuance
of the first money order. I
MUSEUMS-C. G. F., Dayton, Nev. Al
most every city of any importance in the
United State's has a museum. The Smith
sonian Institution, Washington, D. C,
will be able to furnish you a list of such
as make a specialty of fossils and of min
eral collections.
W. A. -Rule, wife and family, arrived
yesterday from Kansas City in a private
car and are staying at the Palace. • Mr.
Rule is cashier of the National Bank of
Commerce of Kansns City. He was joined
in this city by F. K. Rule of Los Angeles,
an official of the new Clark road.
The Rev. Dr. Henry M6ttet, rector of
the Church of the Holy Communion of
New York, is at the Palace with his wife.
J. A. Brent of New York, who has min
ing properties in California, is here on a
short trip. . He is a guest at the Palace.
Dudley Evans, acting president of
Wells, Fargo & Co., arrived from New
York yesterday. He is at the Palace.
George L. Paine, a manufacturing jew
eler of Attleboro, Mass., is among the ar
rivals at the "Palace.
James McCudtlen.the well-known naval
contractor of Vallejo. Is among the ar
rivals at the Grand.
J. J. Gorman, national organizer of the
Knights of Columbus, Is a guest at the
Grand.
Murray M. Harris, the well-known or
gan builder of Los Angeles, IS at the
Grand.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Mode«to.
is at the Lick.
Senator E. C. Voorheis of Sutter Creek
is at the Palace.
' A. B. Corey, a railroad contractor of
Ogden, Is at the Lick. '• " .
Louis T. Wright, a mining engineer of
Keswick.is at the Palace.
A. D. Gassaway, a mining man of North
Bloomfleld, is staying at the Lick.
George J. Coty, a vinegar manufacturer'
of St. Louis, is a guest at the Palace.
Cltlman— I hear your fellow toirasman
Mr. 3acklotz. I3 quarantined at home on
account of smallpox.
Subbubs— Yes. there's smallpox in hi3
house; one of the children sick. But it
ain't as bad as it might be.
Citiman— No? -,«;..
Subbubs— No. The servant eirl U omr.
antined there. too.-Philadelphla p^elsl
"Mr. Meekton'a wife said yesterday that
she was never going to speak to him
again," said the woman.
"You don't say so!" exclaimed her hus
band. "Is she angry, or trying to be con
siderate?"—Washington Star.
"Oh, Horace!" wailed his young wife,
"I have just found out that 'Ajax. our
beautiful Angora cat, has been leading a
double life!"
"That makes eighteen, I suppose," said
Horace. "What has he been doing?"
"You know, I let him out every morn-
Ing 1 , because he seems to want to go and
play out of doors. Well, I have discov
ered that he goes' over to the Robinsons
and lets them feed_him and pet him."
Chicago Tribune.
"I see that some of the British nobs are
getting quite excited over the awarding of
the distinguished posts of grand carver
and grand butler and a lot "of other coro
nation Jobs."
"I .wonder who will be grand garbage
bearer?"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"I suppose if you had your way," said
the temperance man, "you'd abolish water
altogether."
"N.ot at all," replied the candid saloon
keeper; "there wouldn't be much profit in
whisky if we couldn't get any water to
put In it."— Philadelphia Record.
Farmer Honk— What sort of people are
your city relatives that are visltln' up at
your house, 'Gustus?
Farmer Bentback (grimly) — Aw! They're
the kind that when they pay ye a visit
act like they wanted a receipt for it. —
North American.
"Lady, I have. I'm too good a judge of
cookln" to let such performances as yours
go without an encore."— Washington Star.
"Haven't you been here twice before?"
"Lady," said Meandering Mike, "have
you any coffee or mince pie or "
Rivers (exhibiting it)— This is a necktie
my wife gave me.
Brooks— What are you going to do with
It?
Rivers (heroically putting- it on)— I am
going to try to live it down. — Washington
Star.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
ISTHMUS COMMISSION— M., Oleander,
Fresno County, C«l. The Congressman
of the district in which you live will on
application furnish you printed reports of
the work of the Isthmus Commission.
TWO MEMBERS OF THE SMART SET WHO WILL. DEPART ON A
PLEASURE TRIP TO MEXICO THE LA'TTER PART OF THE PRES
ENT WEEK.
JACK LOWLER-B. K., City. The
Call's index for three years past does not
contain the name of any one by the name
of "Jack Lowler dying .in Nome last sum
mer or thereabouts."
ONE-CENT PIECE— G. B. H..' City.
The coin you have is a 1-cent piece of
the coinage of 1798 and may be obtained
from dealers for 5 cents apiece.
RINGS— J. B. M. f City. Rings for car
rier pigeon's feet may be procured from
jewelers or dealers in sporting goods.
With a well supported merchant marine the people
of the United States would profit immensely by the
construction of the isthmian canal, and the commer
cial competitors of this country are well aware of it.
Thus it happens that the opposition to the canal and
to the shipping bill includes almost every foreign
influence that can make itself felt at Washington.
Foreign ship-owners, merchants, manufacturers,
bankers and ship agents in American ports are all
hostile to anything calculated to extend and to
strengthen our growing supremacy on the world's
markets. We need not find fault with them for
making their opposition felt in every way they can.
It is their right to take care of their own. Our duty
is to take care of our own.
The importance of this link to the chain of com
inercial expansion is too plain to be overlooked by
any one who gives it anything like due consideration.
Without an adequate merchant marine it will be
hardly worth while to establish and maintain a De
partment of Commerce, nor would the isthmian canal
avail us much if we had no ships to make use of it.
At present upward of 92 per cent of our exports and
imports are carried by subsidized foreign steamship
lines. We canndt compete with foreign ships which
are more cheaply constructed than our own by work
men at low wages and are manned and officered for
much smaller wages and salaries than are paid on
.\merican vessels.
In his argument to Congress on this subject Mr.
Seabury says the enactment of a well devised ship
ping bill will insure orders and work for American
ship-builders for years to come, will give employment
to thousands of wage-earners, will create an exten
sive industry for the investment of capital, will make
our commerce independent in time of peace, will
provide ample transports in time of war, will give to
our industries rapid communication with all the ports
of the world, and will assure to the American people
over $200,000,000 annually, which is now paid out to
foreign ship-owners for transporting our exports
and imports.
Of these three so-called links the first and last
are imperative. The establishment of a Department
of Commerce is by no means so necessary as the
other two, and yet it seems likely Congress will pro
vide for it much sooner than for either of the others.
Against legislation in favor" of the isthmian canal*
and for the promotion of the American merchant
marine strong opposition is arrayed. That opposi
tion has always been able in the past to defeat the
two measures either directly or by indirection. The
opposition to the merchant marine bill is especially
notable, for, notwithstanding the fact that the Repub
lican party in its national platforms has repeatedly
declared in favor of :i liberal shipping policy, nothing
has yet been accomplished to put such a policy into
operation.
GEORGE J. SEABURY of New York re
cently addressed to Congress an earnest plea
for the enactment of legislation which would
supply what he called "three missing links" in the
chain of our commercial prosperity. The first of
these is an American built and owned merchant
marine, the second the establishment of a Department
of Commerce and Industries, and the third the con
struction of an isthmian canal affording the shortest
route to the Orient.
THREE MISSING LINKS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MRS. A. M. TOWNE and Mrs. C.
E. Worden were "at home" yes
terday at 1101 'California street
and several hundred callers
thronged the beautiful drawing-rooms.
It was the last reception day of this fam
ily for the present, owing to the Ill-health
of Mrs. Towne, who Is about to leave for
Santa Barbara. There was something of
a crush during the afternoon, as all those
who enjoyed the delightful hospitality of
these hostesses at their recent tea were
among the number, as were also many
who were concerned about Mrs. Towne's
physical condition and wished to offer her
parting good wishes for a speedy recovery.
The decorations were not elaborate, as
the elegance of the rooms left little to be
desired. A number of vases of cut floTf
ers and foliage were in evidence and the
artistic touch of the hostess was appar-
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 5. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ai&rtu AH Ccmmtnie&tioni to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Presa SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Simple Copies. S Cents.
Term* b>- Mall. Inolmllnc Postag-es
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one, year fS.OO
DAILT CALL (including: Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILT CALL— By SlngleMonth 65c
EUXT>AY CALL. Oa« Tear 1.&0
TTEEKLT CALL, Oae Tear 1-00
All poatmniterp nrc authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will, be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering chance of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broad war
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
KiB&gtr Foreign Advertising, Marqsette Building. Chictgt.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOX Herald Square
SEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 11. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brent ano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX <D. C> OFFICE I4O« G St., N. W.
MORTON E. CRAAE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. t»3
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 6>5 Larkln. open until
«:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22ttl
Market, ccrrjti Sixteenth, op«n i ntil 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. XW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
Such are the facts, which Mr. Hines himself does
not deny. Some method must be devised for pro
tecting the industries of the country from such evils,
and no better plan is at present in sight than that of
strengthening the power of the commission and hold
ing it responsible for the enforcement of the law. . . " "
Unfair and illegal railway discrimination is v one
of the greatest evils that now afflict .the industries
and the commerce of the people. By means of such
violations of the law monopolies are built up, indus
tries are injured, and in some cases whole communi
ties are made to suffer by reason of unfair advan
tages given by the railways to competing points.
Finally, the commission directs attention to the
fact that even where the. courts have sustained the law
the railways continue to violate it, paying no v more
attention to the courts than to the commission. Thus
the report says: "We simply call attention to the
fact that the decisions of the United States Supreme
Court have produced no practical effect upon the
railway operations of the country." V
The assertion of Mr. Hines that the courts, have
not made a single decision which "has impaired the
commission's power to prevent rate cutting" is met
by the statement in the report: "While it was un
doubtedly the intent of the tenth section of the act
to impose a penalty upon the corporation itself, un
der its peculiar phraseology it has, however, been
judicially determined that -the corporation is not
liable. The agent alor.e.can be punished." In another
place it says: "The tenth section as construed by the
courts does not punish otherwise than by a possibly
nominal fine a departure from the published tariff
unless there is actual discrimination - between
shippers.". The report then goes on to say it is not
practical to prove such discrimination because, in
addition to" showing that rebates have been granted
in .violation of law, it would' also be necessary to
show that similar rebates were not granted to other
shippers at the same time on the same class of freight
and under similar conditions.
The response to those charges can be found in the
report recently submitted to Congress by the com
mission. Mr. Hines says the commission has the
right to call for books and documents of the roads,
but the report charges that the railway officials
"destroy vouchers and so manipulate bookkeeping
as to obliterate evidence of the transactions." In
another place, in referring to specific instances of the
violation of the law, the report says: "On some of
the lines the vouchers and other evidences of these
illegal rates were destroyed soon after .the transac
tions-were completed."
Mr. Hines says: "The paramount purpose of the
law was to secure publicity and the maintenance of
tariff rates. It is the express duty of the commission
to keep advised and enforce the law. It has the
widest possible . powers of investigation, including
the right to call for the production of all books,
documents and papers, and it can require the District
Attorneys of thfe United States to prosecttfe all vio
lators. These powers have been upheld by the
courts. The commission, however, has not only
failed to devote its time and energy to discovering
and prosecuting violations of the law, but it has by
its supincness* acquiesced in and encouraged them
and has done all in its power to break down the force
of the act and make it a dead letter by constantly pro
claiming that the courts have made its enforcement
impossible, whereas not a single decision has im
paired the commission's power to prevent rate cut
ting." ,
The claim of Mr. Hines that/his allegation is "in
disputable" is invalid on. its face, because it carries
with.it the admission that the commission disputes
it. There is raised an issue of fact between the con
tending parties, and the country will have to decide
between them. It is to be noted, however, in the
first place that there is no dispute as to the practice
of violating the law. Mr. Hines concedes that the
violation takes place, and his only defense- is that
railways are to be held guiltless because the com
mission does not do its duty. . '
WALKER H.; HINES, first vice president of
the Louisville and Nashville Railway Com
pany, has issued a reply to the request of the
Interstate Commerce Commission for a grant of
larger. powers to enforce the laws .enacted to 7 regulate
railway rates. Referring to the report 5 of the com
mission concerning the practice of the roads in
making rebates to favored parties and making other
unfair discriminations in rates *Mr. Hines says:
"The indisputable fact must be kept before the pub
lic that the prevalence of rate-cutting is an unanswer
able argument against giving the commission more
power, because it is due principally to the commis
sion's utter failure to perform its manifest duty."
INTERSTATE COMMERCE.
Dr. Metchlikoff of the Pasteur Institute of Paris is
reported to have come to the conclusion that the
whitening of human hair is due to the action -of a
microbe, and he is now trying to find a means of
getting rid of the creature; so we may as well be
on the lookout for the coming of a new tonic for the
hair and.be ready to take chances whether, it will not
kill the hair as well as' the wicked microbe.
A dance was to have been given at the
home of Mrs. W. H. Crocker last evening,
but owing to the death of her uncle, Mr.
Sperry, the invitations were canceled.
Great sympathy is felt for the family.
Mrs. Worthington Ames (neo Preston)
entertained in her new home for the first
time yesterday afternoon. Her sister. Miss
Edith Preston, was guest of honor. More
than eighty friends were received. The
drawing-rooms were decorated in a most
artistic manner, red being the prevailing
color. Those who assisted Mrs. Ames
were: The Misses Spreckels. Mrs. Preston,
Mrs. Len D. Owens, Miss Tiny O'Connor,
Miss Hopkins, Miss Cadwallader, AIr3.
McNutt, Miss Ames and Mrs. B.*G. La
throp. m 0 0
luncheon yesterday at her residence, 2128
Broadway. Twelve guests were Invited.
The decorations -were yellow.
Mrs. Austin S. Tubbs gave a pleasant
Mrs. L. H. Bryan of 2422 Buchanan
street, Is preparing to leave on Saturday
of this week for Mexico. Miss Rowena
Burns and Miss Mabel Toy, two of so
ciety's most popular girls, will accompany
her for the pleasure of the six weeks 1
trip. The two baby Bryans will complete
the party. Mrs. Bryan expects to spend
the time at her mother's artistic home In
Mazatlan. Several young ladles are be^
sieging Mrs. Bryan to take them as well
and it looks as though the party will be
considerably larger by Saturday morning.
Mrs. Towne and Mrs. "Worden received
the guests with their usual charming cor
diality. They vrere assisted by Mrs. H.
E. Huntington, Mrs. J. L. Frasler, Mrs.
Chauncey Winslow, Mrs. 51. "W. Long-
Street of Los Angeles, Mrs. Alfred 3.
Tubbs, Mrs. William H. McKittrick, Mrs.
C. J. Baylie, Mrs. Fletcher Ryer, Mrs.
Frank Johnson of San Rafael and Mra.
Bentonr Stevens of Harvard, 111.
ent In the arrangement ot every detail.
Very dainty and appetizing refreshments
were served. % '
Finally, let it be decided as the fact that Congress
seems to drift because the people are drifting. Thd
people started out in the belief that taking the islands
meant the acquisition of more territory upon which
American labor and enterprise would be exploited,
a new land to be settled by our race where it would
perpetuate itself. The recoil from this unfounded
anticipation is taking place. The cry of the Ameri
can Chamber of Commerce at Manila for removal of
all restriction upon Chinese immigration, upon the
plea that only Chinese coolies can work in that
tropical climate, is the raising of the first curtain to
reveal a fact. When the people cease to drift Con
gress will find its compass and rudder.
While tactics are under discussion was it tactical
for the American Superintendent of the Philippine
schools to order all the schools to celebrate Rizal's
birthday and read his appeals to his people for na
tional independence?
One not accustomed to American ways would nat
urally suppose that this means permanent aimlessness
and opportunism in Congress, and that men go to
sleep on the question, waking up only to pay the cost
of an army in the islands, get their change back, and
slumber again. One thread runs i through all the dis
cord of sound and opinion. This is the constant accu
sation that reference to Philippine independence spurs
the islanders to resist our rule and our arms. Sena
tor Hoar's resolution for an investigation of condi
tions there has been stigmatized as encouragement of
disloyalty and resistance. But it appears that other
things said in Congress and in- the country have ex
actly the same effect charged to Senator Hoar's reso
lution. Whenever it is advised that we hold on to
the islands because of their potential wealth, and for
what we can make out of them, it is evident that the
most intelligent Filipinos share with the least intel
ligent an aversion to being treated as an orange, to
be squeezed for its juice. The proposition to hold
them in the colonial relation, import Chinese to pro
duce a commercial surplus, and use the land and the
people as a means of material advantage to us, as
their conquerors, is what rouses that spirit raised in
them by Dr. Rizal, the patriot and martyr. An Ameri
can must concede the kinship of that spirit with our
own aspirations and. their realization wrought out in
our scheme of self-government.
The people hunt the text of the debate in vain for
any statesmanlike enlightenment upon the subject.
The net impression gained is that leaders like Lodge
and Depew and many others on that side are fearful
of their first expressions and impressions, when they
declared themselves opposed to taking and holding
any island or extracontinental territory, and the
Southern members prefer to criticize methods rather
than policies, because of the expansion sentiment in
the South. No issue is made on the main question
at all, and policy drifts.
Reading it one is compelled to admit that it does
not raise the . statesmanship of the Senate in public
estimation. Tillman has flung at Lodge and
Spooner,' accusing them of supporting in. the islands
a concentration policy worse than Weyler's, and they
have retorted that Tillman's people down South burn
negroes at the stake, and he has countered by. citing
the cremation of negroes in Kansas and Colorado.
Senator Dubois has boiled with indignation because
army officers criticize the opinions of Senators and
citizens, and upon that subject attacked General
Wheaton, making the tactical mistake of describing
Wheaton as "a charity boy sent to West' Point by
some Congressman." In the next day's debate the
other side rose all along the line armed with the
army register and flung it into the teeth of Dubois,
for it proved that Wheaton was riot a West Pointer,
but had entered the army from civil life, as a private,
like Miles, Shafter and most of the general officers
of recent prominence. It did not occur 1 - to Dubois
to say anything, and' the discussion went off pn the
Manila censorship of the press, and a cross fire be
tween Hoar and Money about the number of troops
furnished by Massachusetts and the _ South in our
Revolutionary War! Then Tillman broke out in a
pustular way to present the figures relating to the
slaughter of Filipinos by Spain in three centuries
and by us in three years, and so on, the jangle jarred
day after day. '. /
THE appearance of the Philippine tariff bill in
'the Senate has been the signal for a prolonged
and acrimonious debate, which has not been ad
dressed to the provisions of, the bill at al^ but has
ranged, wildly and at will, all over the subject of our
relations to the islands and the islanders.
THE PHILIPPINE DEBATE.
TOWNE-WORDEN RECEPTION DAY
IS ENJOYED BY MANY FRIENDS
among the rich people of London to have books
bound at' a cost of $500 each. The volume presented
to- Victoria by the actors of Great" Britain ! at her
jubilee cost $1750, which was chiefly, expended on
the binding. ¦.- • ' . " \
.The demand for fine and durable, bindings has of
course stimulated the higher class of binders to make
their trade a genuine fine art. They have not, how
ever, succeeded in surpassing their predecessors of
the first period of printing, and the only explanation
giy^n for the failure is that of an expert who said:
"It is urged that modern binders - display a lack of
originality in design and are but mere imitators of
the old masters, but that observation is true oi- most
decorative' arts. The passion for reproducing old
designs, in my opinion, is not due to lack of inven
tion or individuality on the part of the artist, but
rather to the condition under which he works."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "The Danites."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Orpheum — Benefit of the Charity Fund cf tha Theatrical
Mechanical Association, to-morrow afternoon.
Grand Opera-house — "Jim the Penman."
California — "The Pride of Jennico."
Tivoli — "The Ameer."
Central— "Master and Man."
Chutes, Zco and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Mechanic*' Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival, Febru-
ary £•
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recital February 12.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By VI". H. Hord— This day. at 11 o'clock. Driving and Work
Horses, at T12 Broadway.Sell Tesla Briquettes, $9 per ton.. Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and grate. Fhone
South 95 about them. •
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
To you who are here it is unnecessary to re
count her victories in the sweeter lines of life.
In literature and In - art, nor her triumphs in
the practical professions of medicine, of law
It was different once. When women were
the slaves of men, their beasta of burden, their
toilers without" hope or faith or light, not much
could be. expected of them whom they served.
They were not fitted, lor the duties of life, they
could not assume its responsibilities. It would
have been a crime against; their dependent ex
istence, and a crime against society and social
evolution, against the future of the race, to
have given them participation in the affairs
of men, in the government of their people, in
the establishment of a civilization. They were
merely the Instrumentalities of man's progress,
a . lower order in the kingdom of animal life.
But as the race developed and woman by her
love and faith and- her immortal aspiration
gradually gained the . respect and the esteem
of the sterner sex, as the home became the cen
ter of attraction, and* the family the center of
social existence, as the schoolhouse arose 'and
education , became diffused . among men and
women, as science and 'arts expanded and-es
tablished and controlled the elemental forces
and made men's burdens lighter, woman was
accorded a little leisure and an opportunity for
obtaining mental equipment; and the progress
of civilization and of literature and of social
development is marked by the advancement of
the standing of woman In the view of man.
We glory in her advance, not alone because of
theoretical admiration, but because she has
raised the rest of mankind with her. ' •
Evolutions in Conditions.
I am sure that the State and the nation can
safely confide to its women the working out
of this problem. To those who are Intrusted
the care, nurture and education of its children,
to those whb ' have ever been called upon to
support and sustain its men, the country may
surely leave the eventual disposition of these
questions. - . • .
There is In my mind no more reason why an
intelligent American citizen of education and
refinement, woman though she be, should not
have in the affairs of our civilization, govern
mental and commercial, as well as social, at
least an equal right with the ignorant and the
debased of the opposite sex. I am not. com
mitted absolutely to the doctrine of woman's
suffrage and her equal political rights, not be
cause of any fear that she will not prove equal
to the responsibility but because I have not
given to the question consideration sufficient
to enable me to ' determine definitely whether
or not> are true the only arguments on this
subject which have ever appealed to the consid
erate man of the I world, namely, the selfish
suggestions that the busy activities of political
life will detract from our home life its main
attractiveness- and beauty — will remove the
sentimental ism of our- existence — and, placing
man and woman on the same political basis in
the rivalry of life, will lower the spiritualism
of woman to the materialism of man rather
than elevate the tendencies and inclinations of
man to the present plane occupied by the gen
tler sex.. Of course, there are men whose con
stant contact with the world and with the
rougher edees of society have not dulled their
sentiment or deadened their spirits, and, of
course, there will always be women of similar
type and character, but the general question is
one of evolution and. of progress rather than of
immediate and spontaneous solution, and its de
velopment may well be left to such hands and
heaits and heads as are now before us.
you boldly and with open arms in the name of
the people of San Francisco, and amid the good
wishes of the intelligent citizenship of the en
tire State of California.
I tender you the keys and freedom of the
city, this city eo emblematic of liberty and
equality, which breathes the cosmopolitan spirit
of equal rights to all and special privileges to
none. Beyond this naught is left to offer you,
for our hearts and good will are already yours
and no longer ours to give.
As Mayor of this great city, queen of the
Western world, I welcome you. I greet you
not only as the chief executive of her people,
but also as an individual strongly Interested in
the development of the equality of the sexes
in their legal rights.
I welcome you not only as the women of our
day, our mothers, our wives and our sisters,
but also as tie representatives of the future
of our race, when men and women shall be
considered of absolutely equal standing before
the law, and shall be judged only by their
equal merits and their equal achievements.
I am of those who have not only love but
faith, • not only hope but certainty, in the event
ual recognition of woman's equality in every
walk and sphere of practical life, and, with
the majority of thinking and thoughtful men, I
see in the horizon of the East the dawn of the
day when the burdens and the pleasures of Jife
shall be equally shared, and- the- duties and
responsibiltleB, the privileges and the liberties
of human existence shall be divided fairly and
Justly between the sexes, as their property
rights, their education, intelligence and social
standard may warrant. '
This convention of the Women's Clubs of
California is the rosy fingered child of the
morn, whose radiant light shall shed a luster
over the doings of the men and women of our
State to the betteVment of both, and to the
elevation to an equal plane of those who by
arrogatlon of right , and by custom . we have
been prone to consider the weaker sex.
, Woman's Part in Politics.
With more insane women in our, State in
proportion to Its population than* In any other
In the Union — wltha larger percentage of prop
erty in the hands ' or Vomen than in any other
State and women .who know not their property
rights — with thousands of school children in
the large cities of the State unprovided with
schoolroom accommodations and therefore
Opportunity for "Work.
' We meet to-day for the first time as a thor
oughly organized body. When we met in Los
Angeles two years ago and It was my privilege
to extend the word of /welcome wo were for
the most part a company, of strangers. What
I prophesied then has come true. We have
looked straight into one another's faces, and
through the eyes down Into the mind and soul,
until reading there honesty of purpose, can
dor of difference and unity of ultimate aim,
we can and do call . each other friend. As of
old, when they went up to the temple to
pray bo we have come to call down upon our
selves the blessings of larger friendships and
the continued growth through breadth of out
look, of purpose, of association of work that
"loves neighbor as thyself," but no more.'
Students in social science tell us that ¦ the
promotion of human sympathy is the moral
force most needed to-day. This is but another
term for reciprocity and that is the fundar
mental theory of federation. I hope the key
note of every session of this. meeting will be
"reciprocity," give and take, always in the
spirit of true helpfulness. And the thought of
reciprocity must not be limited to those who
are "of us."- We are here to consider new
methods and larger plans. And nothing should
claim our more serious consideration than the
needs of the women and children of this State
that we, as women in organization, can be help
ful to. Consciously or unconsciously your pro
gramme committee has invited you . to share
in a programme which trends to this one
thought. In' sleeking a subject or cause that
'shall be the unifying one for all the States
In general federation they, too, must come to
this subject of motherhood ' and childhood ' that
alway and alway is dear to the thought and
heart and life of woman.
Growth of Federation.
Kindly words of welcome, graciously given,
always fall most pleasantly on the ear of the
sojourner within strange gates, but if the spo
ken word was all it might prove to be the
source of later disappointment. But you have
spoken the word of promised welcome to the
eye before speaking it to the heart. In all
the details of arrangements that have met us
from the moment we crossed the bay or cams
in from the mountains and valleys to this city
of clubs and homes — to this comfortable, at
tractive hall, with Its carefully thought out
preparations, welcome has spoken to us on
every hand.
Surely you have carried out the spirit of
Shakespeare, • and more, when ho wrote, "Sir,
you are very welcome to our house; it must ap
pear in other ways than words." And yet we
would not have the words omitted, for with
them conies the expression of soul that can
never be put into /"things."
"Welcome." ' Magic of humanity and divin
ity In the loving, gracious word.
"Welcome." It is a home-light streaming
at the wayside, a pathway of light from the
dark and lonesome highway to the cheery com
fort and loving companionship around the
hearthstone, and whether It be the gleam of
the candle in the cottage window shining out
clearer and fainter that the glory of the dis
tant star or the radiance of a thousand chan
daliers flooding the darkness from a hundred
palace windows, both proclaim with equal
warmth, "welcome." "A hundred thousand
welcomes aremo more than one."
"Welcome." The word is music even when
uttered by the harshest voice. It interprets
itself in all languages. How pleasantly then
does it echo itself in our hearts when spoken
by voices that ring true and clear as a silver
bell with sincerity and affection and framed
in a language made sweet to U3 forever by
our mother's voice. , -
"Welcome." What response can be made
to this countersign of hospitality by guest or
wayfarer save to hold out both our hands with
open palms — to • meet and cling to the loving
hand-clasp that is sister to the word?
Mrs. Louis Welnmann, vice president of
the San Francisco district, followed the
Mayor and spoke of the growth of the
federation. She said that the federation
did for the club what the club did for the
Ivoman and urged greater -cohesion and
jnity, because each one might be both
a. teacher and a pupil. ; ¦
The response to the address of welcome
was made by the president, Mrs. Robert
J. Burdette, who spoke as follows:
Greetings From Others;
In the name of all good citizens of Califor
nia, as the representative of the loyal and llb
srty-loving men and women of San Francisco,
once again I bid you welcome — welcome, • good
luck and success.
I can but feebly voice my concurrent appre
ciation of their tributes and utter the sin
sere hope that the deliberations of this coun
cil will result in a better understanding, a sin
tere. appreciation, a more advanced achieve
ment of the work which you have placed before
you.
and of journalism, nor to speak of her bril
liant accomplishments in the education of the
masses, in the distribution of charities, in the
succor and assistance of the week, the injured,
the afflicted, the oppressed.
Tongues a hundred times more eloquent,
tnlnds a hundred times more thoroughly trained
to adequate description, have again and again
paid loyal and affectionate homage to the deeds
M the sex.
Mr. Seth Williams will be pleased to see
you at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market
street. Everybody is welcome to a pa'r
of shoes that has been made to be sold
at $3.50 for $1.85 for either men or women.
The assortment is largei They are the
highest grade. It is simply a money sav
ing proposition for you. Surely, it can't
be ' too much trouble, particularly when
you can- save $1.65 on one pair of shoes
at the Factory Shoe Sale, 717 ¦ Market
street, near Third. •
To-Morrow Morning
But one can, never have too much of a good
thing, end therefore, without the terror which
would, under the circumstances, seem the nat
ural accompaniment of the situation, I welcome
Ladies of the Federation of Women's Clubs
and Friends: 1 have never before been called
upon to address so many ladies at one time. In
my brief official career one at a time has usually
Eeemed an ample sufficiency.
Mrs. Burdette called the meeting to or
der promptly at the appointed moment
and Mrs. I. M. Condit of Oakland deliv
ered the Invocation. After a 'cello eolo by
Paul Frledhofer, assisted by Miss A.
Sugel, the president introduced Mayor
Schmitz, who spoke as follows:
Vice president, Mrs. Lovell White; record
ing secretary, Mrs. I. Lowenberg; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. William W. Stilson; treas
urer, Mrs. Solomon Jewett; auditors — Mrs.
G. J. Bucknall, Mrs. A. E. Frost.
District vice presidents— Mrs. John Russ,
Alameda- district; Miss Ellen Thompson, Los
Angeles district; Mrs. William Beckman,
northern district; Mrs. Estelle Langworthy,
San Diego district; Mrs. R. H.- Stevens,- San
Joaquin district.
State corresponding secretary of General
Federation, Mrs. Herman H. Kerchoff.
Mayor Extends Welcome.
As soon as the doors were opened for
the afternoon session the floor, which
was reserved for delegates and club
members, rapidly filled. The gallery was
thrown open to visitors and every seat
was taken, a few gray-bearded men being
conspicuous among the spectators. A few
minutes before the opening hour Mrs.
Robert J. Burdette, the president, escort
ed Mayor Schmitz to the stage. The fol
lowing officers were grouped about the
Mayor and president:
The committee was in cession for sev
eral hours and finally selected Mrs. Kate
Bulkley, president of the Ebell Society
of Oakland. Her nomination was agree
ably received by those members of the
federation who were apprised of the ac
tion of the committee. Mrs. Bulkley has
long been ' an active worker in women's
clubs and stands high in the councils of
the federation.
While the delegates were busy register
ing the nominating, committee was busily
engaged In selecting a candidate for the
presidency of the federation. Some
months ago the name of Mrs. Lovell
White was proposed for the presidency,
but she positively declined to act. It was
said that the vote taken by some of the
clubs on the question of admitting dele
gates from the clubs composed of colored
¦women caused this action, but Mrs. White
declined to state her reasons. She re
mained firm in her determination not to
s«r\re. ' ¦ .
Choose Neisr President.
ence Cross, "Woman's Club, Visalia; Mrs. Ella
H. Enderlin, Friday Morning. Los Angeles;
Mrs. Lou V. Chapln. Shakespeare, Pasadena;
Mrs. Annie Little Barry, Corona Club. San
Francisco; Mrs. Nellie C. Henry. Ladies' Lit
erary Clnb, Santa Monica; Mrs. Frank E.
Prior Wednesday Club. Los Angeles; Mrs. F.
C Martin Wednesday Club, Los Angeles; Miss
Marie Hutchlnson, Improvement Club, Fowler;
Miss Safronia. La Rue, Woman's Club, River
side; Mrs. L. F. Darling, Riverside Club; Mrs
A. J. Raisch, Forum Club, San Francisco;
Mrs E. A. Southworth, Shakespeare Club,
Sanger; Miss Eliza D. Keith. Daughters of
California Pioneers Society; JUrs: Selma Mitch
ell Writers' Club, Los Angeles; Mrs. Josephine
Foster Pacific Club; Mrs. L. E. Dodge, Han
ford Woman's Club; Mrs. Sara Bunker. Wo
man's Press Association; Mrs. P. S. Teller,
Adelphian Club, Alameda; Mrs.\C. T. N. Pal
mer Town and Gown, Berkeley; Mrs. E. C.
Brockway Town and Gown. Berkeley; Mrs.
Florence Collins Porter, Friday Morning Club,
Los Angeles; Mrs. Thomas W. Collins, Laurel
Hall, San Francisco; Mrs. Anna B. Pratt, Cal
ifornia Club; Mrs I. N. Chapman, Tea Club,
Alameda; Mrs. Henry Vrooman. Ebell Society,
Oakland- Mrs. Robert McLellan, Corona Club;
Mrs Katherine B. Miller, Shakespeare Club,
Woodland; Mrs. M. B. Harris. Parlor Lecture
Club Fresno; Mrs. W. H. Cobb, Corona Club,
San Francisco; Mrs. A. G. Webber, Woman's
Club and Literary Club; Mrs. Robert Watt,
New Century Club of Oakland: Mrs. B.
T. Barber, New Century Club of Oakland:
Mrs. W. W. Stetson, Ruskin Art Club, Los An
geles; Mrs. S. Strickland Clark, Ruskin Art
Club. Los Angeles; Mrs. Mitchell Phillips,
Woman's Club, San Jose; Miss Betty Maupin,
Query Club, Fresno; Mrs. F. S. Whitney,
Forum Club, San Francisco; Mrs. R. M. Morse.
Daughters California Pioneers Society; Mrs. E.
L. Campbell. California , Club; Mrs. D. W.
Ravenscroft, Petaluma Woman's Club; Mrs.
E L. Dodge, Philomathean Club, Stockton ;
Mrs. J. Homer Fritcc, Mills Club, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Nellie Denman (alternate). Woman's
Club Petaluma: Mrs. L. F. Cockroft, Ebell
Society Oakland: Mrs. Walter H. Byington,
Mills Club. San Francisco; Mrs. O. V. Sessions,
Shakespeare Club; Miss Mabel Craft, Woman's
Press Association, San Francisco; Mrs. W. G.
Dewey, Hanf ord Shakespeare Club; Anna
Dewey, Woman's Club, Lemoore; Mrs. E. G.
Denniston. Forum Club, San Francisco; Mrs.
M. Gardner (alternate). Forum Club, • San
Francisco; Mrs. J. M. Braly, Parlor Lecture
Club. Fresno: Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Sorosis
Club, San Francisco; Mrs. Max Franklnnan,
Parlor Lecture Club, Fresno; Mrs. F. O.
Bunting, Country Club, Alameda; -Mrs. Isidor
Lowenberg, Philomath Club, San Francisco;
Mrs. Marion Dole Jonea, Riverside Club; Mrs.
Lou F. Chapin. Shakespeare Club; Mrs. Kate
A. Hasled, Pasadena; Mrs. Mary McCready,
Woman's Club, Llvermore; Mrs. Josie.Kllnk,
Mills Club, San Francisco; Mrs. Mary S.
Keane, Mills Club. San Francisco; Mrs.' E. O.
Smith, Woman's Club. San Joee.
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette
Tells of Advancement
of Woman's Federation
needing special care, there i3 large opportunity
to choose where the work shall be. -^
Believing in . the sincerity of our purpose
your city, through you, the honorable' Mayor,
has extended its cordial greetings and I thank
you for them. We hope so" to imoress our
selves upon your community that all good men
shall court our helpfulness and strength in all
reforms that strive to lift higher moral stand
ards to protect the home; and- that bad men
will fear the power of our organized force
when through influence and public opinion we
shall say we must have pure homes, clean life,
clean politics, pure religion and the millennium
coming down the road to meet us.
Our gracious lady of the Golden Gate, In
the name of your 7000 sisters, I thank you
again and again for your cordial hospitality.
It is worthy of your great name and your
greater self and there can be no higher praise
than this. You do not count the sunlit waves
of the blue' Pacific that kiss your feet. No
more do you think of numbering the dimpled
smiles that never weary of making sunshine
for your guests, nor do they pause nor think
to measure the gifts that pour like flooding
rains from out your bounteous hands.
The open door waiting our entrance — the «n
tertalnment provided for our pleasure and
respite — the every requirement of our neces
sities met before the asking — the kindly, sin
cere, open-hearted hospitality, echoes and re
echoes your welcome to us. Surely we can say
the lines have fallen to us in pleasant places.
Must Help One Another.
As women of California we must find in each
other reflected the strength. Integrity and self
polse of our own mountains — the sweetness and
overshadowing charity of our own blue skies —
the life-purifying purpose of the salt waves of
our mighty Pacific, and our hearts already
whisper to us that brighter and sweeter than
all our rosiest anticipations will be our so
journ in the city of San , Francisco and the
crown of all Is that the love of women is
sweet to the hearts of women, and so holding
your hands as you greet us, our hearts breathe
the sons of Frank Stan ton:
"Earth green and the blue sky above you.
And rivers that ripple your name, .
And a soul that is singing: 'I love you'
And dust take the red- leaves of Fame!
For a touch that is tender and human
. Is more than all glories that gleam,
And the beautiful love of a woman
Sets life to the sons of a dream.
Let us dream! Let us dreamt Let us dream!"
"Words of fraternal welcome were re
ceived from the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union by the following named:
Mrs. Sturtevant Peet, San Francisco Council
of Women; Miss Josephine Foster, Women's
Press Club; Mrs. Mary Jewett. Women's Aux
iliary of California Pioneers; Miss Nettie Boyd,
San Joaquin Valley Federation; .Mrs. W. B.
Harrington, California Red Cross; Mrs. Anna
Wright, Colonial Dames; Mrs. Wood, Women's
Suffrage Association.
Letters and telegrams were received
from the following named: ¦
Mrs. Mary E. Merrill- of the San Francisco
Red Cross, Mrs. Genevieve Baker of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West. Mrs. A.
O. Granger, president of the State Federation
of Georgia; the . State Federation of Oregon,
the Young Women's Christian Temperance
Union and the Daughters of the American
Revolution.
Mrs. Burdette then announced the ap
pointment of the following committees:
Rules and regulations — Mrs. G. W. Bunnell,
Oakland; Mrs. I. .W. Reynolds,- Pasadena: Mrs.
George W. Halght, San Francisco; Mrs. Wash
burn, • Sacramento; Mrs. George Babcock,
Fresno.
Resolutions — Mrs. Strickland Clark, Los An
geles; Mrs. Swan, Berkeley; Mrs. O. C. Con
nolly, Berkeley, and Mrs. E. P. Colgan, Sacra
mento.
A number of vocal selections by Mr. and
Mrs. Paul Frledhofer brought the after
noon session to a close. -Tea was served
in the anteroom. .
The Evening 1 Programme.
A reception to the visiting delegates oc
cupied the attention of the visitors, local
club members, their escorts and others
last night. The hall was crowded and
evening toilettes were conspicuous. As a
special feature the following programme
was carried out:
Quartet, (a) "Believe* Me If All Those
Endearing: Young Charms," (b) "Drink
to Me Only With Thine Eyes"
Mrs. Mary Carpeneto Mead, Mrs. W. G. Fonda.
Miss Lena Roberts, Miss Grace Marshall.
Arranged for the Colonial Quartet by H. J.
. • Stewart.
Song, "Sunshine" Goring Thomas
Mme. Carrinston.
Sons:, Stances de Sapbo .....Gounod
Mrs.. Grace M. Dickman.
Quartet, (a) "The Lament of Mi Ten".. Hayes
(b) "Mighty L'ak a Rose"..E. Nevin
Arranged for the Colonial Quartet by Mrs.
Marriner Campbell.
Song, "Childhood" Massenet
Mme. Carrijwrton.
Song. "A Summer Night" Goring Thomas
Mrs. Grace M.- Dickman.
The guests were made to feel thorough
ly at home by the reception committee,
composed of the presidents of the San
Francisco clubs, as follows:
Mrs. Harrington of Sorosls, Mrs. Byington
of Mills. Mrs. Carpenter of Wimodansis, Mrs.
Barry of Corona, Mrs. Dennlson of Forum,
Mrs. Lowenberg of Laurel .Hall. Mrs. Kendall
of Contemporary, Mrs. Brandt of Philomath,
Mrs. White of the California Club, Mrs. Sexton
of the Press Club, and Mrs. ; Welnmann, vice
president o^ the San Francisco district.
The session ,of to-day will commence
promptly at 9:30 o'clock. Reports of all
the various committees will be presented
and the work of the convention will be
laid out. The evening programme is nec
essarily made short on account of the de
mands on the time of the members. . ¦ . • ¦
CLUB WOMEN FROM EVERY SECTION OF CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLE
IN THIS CITY TO DISCUSS MATTERS OF GRAVE IMPORTANCE
Mayor Schmitz Gives the
Delegates a Warm Wel
come to San Francisco
FROM early morning till late at
night Golden Gate Hall was
thronged yesterday by delegates
and representatives of the various
women's clubs of California, the
occasion being the first convention of the
California Federation of Women's Clubs.
The ball was tastefully decorated In red
and white, with the Stars and Stripss
and the bear flag conspicuously displayed.
Flowers and paims and ferns were lib
erally used in the decorative scheme and
gave the place a homelike look.
In the morning the committee on cre
dentials was present to receive" the dele
gates who registered upon arrival. ! The
ladies composing- the committee were Mrs.
F. E. Prior, Mrs. R. Cermony, Mrs. E. fc.
Dodge, Mrs. W. P. Coleman and Mrs. I.
N. Chapman. As each accredited delegate
entered her name was placed on the regis
ter and then she was. provided with a
badge. A'arious colors were used to des
ignate the district from "which each one
came. The San Francisco club members
wear yellow, San IMegO pink, Los Angeles
purple. San Joaquin red, northern green
and Alameda dark blue.
Since the organization of the federation
t-wt> years ago in Los Angeles, where but
rwenry-six dubs participated. Its growth
has been remarkable, ninety clubs being
now associated with it. These clubs have
a. membership of 7000, and are represented
by delegates In proportion to their mem
bership. Delegates were . constantly ar
riving during the day, the following hav
ing registered up to the close of the after
noon session;
Many Delegates Attend."
Mrs. V. H. Tarsrart, New Century Club, Oak
land; Mrs. EL Delany. "Wednesday Club, San
Diero; Mrs. Kale A- Bulkier. Ebell Club,
Oakland; Mrs. E. R. Threlkeld, Woman's Club.
Petaluma: Mre. Mary Hartnett. Current Top
ice, Pasadena; Mrs. N. F- Randolph. Oaklana;
Mrs. A. W. Bishop, Ebell Society. Oakland;
Mrs. Louise Welsh, tiherman Heights' Mothers'
Club, San Diego; Mrs. M, A. Tetro. Woman's
Club and Palo Alto Club; Mrs. J. F. Parkman.
Woman's Club. Palo Alto Club: Mrs. E. B.
JParneU. Klnrley Art Club. Sacramento; Mrs.
O-'JK. Bradford, Woman's Club, Palo Alto;
Mrs. .Frank Dalton, Corona Club, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. A. A. Bradford. Corona Club.
Butte County; Mrs. Emma M. Greenleaf, Con
temporary Club, Redlands; Mrs. Georjre W.
Haigrht. Laurel Hall; Mrs. G. M. Dtxon, Tues
da>- dub, Sacramento; Mrs. M. L. W, Curtis,
Oakland Club, Oakland; Mrs. O. F. Washburn.
Tuesday Club, Sacramento; Mrs. S. H. Ma
pine*, Shakesoeare Club. PlacerviUe: Mrs. hi
S. Uirpbar. Lower California; Mrs. I,aura N.
Gowan. Sacramento Ladles' Association; Mrs.
Eva S. Dickerman, Woman's Club, Watson
vllle; Mrs. F. A. Erlinrer. Tuesday Club, Sac
ramento; Mrs. E. P. Colgan, Tuesday Club of
Sacramento; Mrs. L. B. Harris. Shakespeare
Club, San Diego; Mrs. Georgre E. Sevan, Town
and Gown Club, Berkeley; Mrs. H. Welnstock.
Klnrley Art Club, Sacramento; Mrs. Mary D.
Chambers, Nineteenth Century Round Table.
Hanf ord. CaL : Mrs. • Rosa r Rhodes, Hanf ord
Woman'* Club; Miss Josephine Hill, Contem
porary Club. San Francisco; Mrs. W. S.
Groves, Friday Uontnt Club, Lob Angeles;
Mrs. John Bakrwell, Oakland Club; Mrs. F. F.
Lambodlna, Writers' Club. Los Aneeles; Mrs.
S. Mitchell, Kanatenah Club, Visalia; Mrs.
L. W. Blinru Ebell. Los Angeles: Mrs. Eu
gene Scott. Woman's Club. San Diego; Mrs.
Louis Dinkelsciel, 'Woman's Club. Bakersfleld;
Mrs. R. H. Stevens. BakersHeld: Mrs. O. C
Conley. Bakersfleld; Mrs. C H. Shattuck.
Adelphtan Club, Alameda; Mrs. Florence Ken
dall, Contemporary Club, San Francisco; Mrs.
J. J- Reynolds, Shakesr>eare Club. Pasadena;
Mrs. Laura Pinney. P. C., Woman's Press "As
sociation; Mrs. Fowler. Friday Afternoon.
BakersfieM; Mrs. J. B. Wrenn, Friday After
noon Club. Bakersfleld; Mrs. N. M. Tilton,
alternate, Friday Afternoon Club, Bakersfleld;
Mrs. George Law Smith. Oliver Paradise, So
rosls; Mrs. 'Louise Babcock, Wednesday Club
of Fresno: Mrs. Minnie Sherman. Wednesday
Club; Mrs. M. C Sloss. Philomath: M/s. L.
Lawrence, Woman's Club, Visalia: Mrs. Flor-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1*902.
NEXT PRESIDENT OF THE CALIFORNIA FEDERATION OF TVOM-,
. EN'S CLUBS AND SCENE IN GOLDEN GATE HALL AT OPENING
OF FIRST ANNUAL CONVENTI dN OF THAT ORGANIZATION.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.-
ZBCPOBTANT SCIEU TJJb'lC DIS-
COVEXY.
A Clinical Preparation That Positive-
ly Kills the Dandruff Germ, j
A most lTniwrtajnt discovery has been
made after a year's patient laboratory
work aimed in a certain direction— it is
NewbTo's Herpicide, a preparation that
cures baldness, prevents falling hair, and
speedily and permanently eradicates daji-
dniff. These evils are caused by a germ
or parasite that burrows into the scalp,
throwing up dandruff, as it seeks tasap
the life of the hair at the rooi. There's
no baldness without falling or thin hair,
no thin half' without dandruff, and no
dandruff if the germ is destroyed. New-
bro's Herpicide is the only preparation
that will do the work. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect"
AMJJSEJ£ENTS.
4k "^ ttttm crrr tuu.%
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Thrilling Melodrama.
Master and Mao.
A Remarkable Play With a
Wonderful Romance.
PRICES — Evenings, 10c. 15c, 50c. Matinees,
10c. 16c, 25c. I
Next Week— "A YOUNG WIFE." •
February 4, 1002.
I hereby certify that Mme. Nordica. who is
under my professional care, is in such a con-
dition as to make It Impossible for her to ap-
pear in public tor at least ten days.
JAMES W. WARD, M. D.,
Attending Physician.
NORDICA.
The above Is self-explanatorr- All money
for seats will be refunded at Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s Music Store.
RACING
"^^'¦¦i^WsfyijSy Ctery Week Day—,
\jr Rsin or Shine*
NiiW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with ' train* etopping at the entrance . to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mount All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
raC *THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES AND_Z00 gSRS^
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
8LLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROV; NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
And the FAT LADIES ON STILTS.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23. . .
AMUSEMENTS. j
MATIXEK TO-DAY <\V«>dne«SayK FEB, 5»
Parquet, ar.y s=eat. 25e: Balcony. 10c; Chll*
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
A VAUDEVILLE_WKIRLWIND!
.Adelina Koattino; Heichens' Eand-
Balancing Dogfs; Victor Jerome;
Lcttie Fremont and . Harry W» j
Welch; Sabsl; Kelly and Violette; I
Jordan and Crouch; The Da Conr*
Family; The Bio graph, and Lnsc
Week of the Great Cycle WhirL -
ORPHEUM--EXTRAI
TO-MORROW IS THE BIG DAY!
TETBSDA.Y AFTERNCO** at 2 JSh&rp.
TENTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
IX AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND,
Saa Prancisca Lodga, Hew 51.
Theatrical |
Mechanical !
Association]
(THE MEN BEHIND THE SCEXES^ :
"
COXTHCTOUS PERFORMANCES j
GALA EVENT OF THE TEAR!
EVERT THEATER REPRESENTED 1 :
PROGRAMME BEYOND COMPAEE3
Address of WeJcams by Mayor Schmiiz.
Seats now on sale si th* Orpheum box -oSScn.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP:
pprnT'd TA'eek cf th« Tremendoa* Sntyy«ai
THE
•THE TOWN ia FLOCKING TO SEE HIM- 1 "
N£Xt Opera— "THE SEREXADE."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c anfl T5e.
Telephone — Bush a.
A SENSATIONAL SUCCESS.
Every Nipht Except Sunday.
11ATINEE SATURDAY,
A-nfl ConrpaTiy. PresenOmr
Tirtw^r Stoddard's Dramatization of F. Harlem
Crawford' e Historic Novel.
"in the Palace of the King,"
2-15.
Prices' frr Miss Alien"* Engagcmenl — fZ.
?1 50, ?1. 7.V, 50c. 25c.
Seats lor Second a.:id Last Week Readr Tr-
xnorrcw.
ANARTISfiTTRIUMPH!
This Week Only.
Matinee Saturday,
THE EVENT OF THE THEATRICAL YEAR.
JAMES K. HACKETT'B Great Earnantfc
Success,
The Pride of Jennico
Original Scenery anfl Costumes. A Ponrerfel
Cast.
Next — CHAELES DALTOX
"TBE SIQN~of THE CROSS/'
SEATS TO-ilORROTE".
MATINEES SATTRDAT and SUNDAY.
EVE3T EVENJXG THIS WKKK.
Continued Trtmnphant Success oX
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles ToncE"* Celebrated Drama,
"Jim the Penman,"
One of thp Strongest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c 15c, 25c. 50c, TScj.
Good Orchestra Seat* All Matinees 23c
ICext Week— EDTTIN ARDEN to "RAGLAJTS
WAY-"
R.YH HAT R hMT
Belasce & Thall Managers
ALL THIS WEEK—
The Danites]
"A TtomaTicc of California."
The EepresentatlTe 'Western Drama.
Camorsia. la the gtirrlr-.g Cars of 1849.
Beautiful Scenes of the Sierras.
MATIXEK SATTRDAT ANB SUNDAY.'
PRICES— 15c. 23e. 25c. 50o- and 75c
Nczt \Teei— "THE ROGUE'S OOMEDY.~
JUVENILE FAIRYLAND CARNIYAL,
A 3£ogt Novel EBtertaJnmest and Fair, opens
this cosing Saturday Night, at Mechanics* Pa-
vilion. CONTINUES FOR ONE WEEK.
Booths, Exhibits, Juvenile Side Shows. Band
Concerts. Drills, Fancy Disco. Special ties,
Cakewalk*, etc — all for younx and old. The
great aiiegorical ballet production, "Sunshine
Among the Flower*." Flrrt production of the
musical dramatic gone, with illustrations, "He
"Was a Native Son." TICKETS TRANSFER-
ABLE. Six Coupon Admission Tickets (transfer-
able), tor $1. cold at the following leading
etoree: The Emporium; WIU & Flndt Co.; Koh-
ler 6c Chaae Co.; Grant Drug Co.; C. E. Dasch;
Royal Shoe Etor«; Jire. E. R. Dunlap; Gate*
Drug Co.; Goldstein & Cohn; Harrington* e Drug
Store; R&daa Co.; E. E. Elsenbrey; C. H. Kei-
fer; Miss Carrie O'Neill, at St. Nicholas Hotel:
Prof. Bothwell Browne. SIS Van Ness ave.;
BruuFK-Jck Hotel. Oakland; Miss Marlon Sit-
gi-aves Ban Rafael; mj s » Irene Giemann'a Dan-
cing School, 1158 McAllister Btreet, and at Me-
chanics' Pavilion.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
lictels in the wholesale and m&nu-
lacturc-rs' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper office*, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
tflty— depots, ferries and parks—
paes the entrance.
American and European plan*.
2 ADVEBTISEMEtfTS.
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs thai;
have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
fllanyoa'si Dyspepsia Care corrects blcatiogoi
the stomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness el
breath, and all anections of the heart caused by in*
digestion, 'wind oa the stomach, belching wind oa
soar f ood.bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
faintness or weakness of the stomach, improper cir-
culation, coated tongue, h? art-burn or water-brash.
. His Headache Core stof 3 headache in 3 minutes.
{ Munyon's Pile Ointment cures all forms of piles.
I Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood impurities.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious.
Bess, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases. |
Monyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are guaranteed to
relieve asthma in three minutes and cure in five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
Munyon's Vitalize; restores lost powers to weak
men. Price, $1. A ¦ i
Munyon has acurefor every disease. The Golds
to H e alth ( free ) tells of them. Cures, mostly 25 cts.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
i mmox's ixniLEn cubes cataebh. *J
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the .
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chlcaso. New . Tork. Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address
L. M. FLETCHEH, >
Pacific Coast A'gent.
126 California st.. San Francisco. Cal.
§V1M, VIGOS. VITALITY ior MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
Lave been In use over fifty
Tears by the leaders of tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tha
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects o'f self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhccd, Impotency, - Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-*'
ry. Loss of Semen, p-w Varlcocete or Con*
stipatio*. Stop Ner fTft BM vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are 2^.«Tv« immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote teflIS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't set despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve cfnters; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee .to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Addres3 BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis »t..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 89
and 40 Third street.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great£
OF fiNATOMY?
A Cfo 1C51 i:A222r:T. tat. eii7±,S.?.Ca!.i
\ ,tj' iTke Largest Ar.atomic.%; Museum in tbe \
B W«<3»». ""'d- Weaknesses or »ny contracted 3
i. SSSSM *»ease positively eared by the oldest T
0 9X3 31 1 ipeaalisi on the Coast. Est. 36 years. ©
1 1 fl*3§f ft D R- J0RDAH-DISEA3ES (IF HEN A
iSSrai Consultation free and stiictly private. \
1 & jSfX ft Treat!nen t personally or by letter. A A
1 fl fr «3| W JPotiHve Curt m eery csse unJ;rMkea. V
i F a ilO Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY *f A
' a II MAlSICIACiE. 11A1L2D FREE. ( A T
Jk Q (Jr valuable book for mrn) \
V JDE. JOBDA.\ * CO., 1051 Market St. S. F. 9
f$ FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
—
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
Established 1SSL Con-
saltation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
|||ip|iii| RUPTURF;
M "^^SsSs^-A'othingVike it. Comfort & M
B t-r^tfWS^r"* security! A Perfect Retainer. JKS
B ' //»ft\K does the work! J*7~ Call or Bt
/VK/ \ write today for "bookletso. 1." flBjj
Address: Magnetic E. Trass Co., Eg
206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. fe,£
or 1145 Broadway, New York, Mention thU Paper jgQgg
mfc CHICHEVTER'S ENGLISH
P-//^a\8AFE. .Alw»t nlUbts. Ladleu. uk Dmnrlst
fi-th W& ** CHICSLESTEK'S KNGIOSH
M»4$?lc1«<£ia BSD mad «cl.l nytm^io boi«. mtmlti
TTV sPl#« "Mo »1m ribbon. Take r.o o th or- BafWa*
¦fS* 8** Vyf Dnfwni »alMtltatlo«« *nd Iitto.
I / , ft} U«m». Boy »f j«r Draggiit. or tend -4«. ia ¦
VV« fp »a<t"nell«f for-Ladlem" in felMr, byre.
A ff turnJUall. 1 »,000 TettimoBtala. Sold by
> -— "I »nDni«i««. ChlehenterChrmleaiCo-
station this papa. tUU—a Satfare. WUIJU i«2
D "D TT CUI?C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
ijllUkjIliJW era bootblacks, bath-
VUWW4*mw houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. JiourmlUa, foundries, laundries. pap«r>
hangers, printers, painters, shoe^ factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. atCk
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KIN'G. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; S8 to* $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room: elevator runs all night.
— : — ¦ ¦
IA/. T. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC A5D ATT0B5BT-AT-IAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Bailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AMD PIC3 IRON.
Jr U'll * n 9°° Battery Stre«r.
• C- nlLJUll tttJ-. Telephone Main 13S*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
US RftVFS£fn * Snipping Butchers. 1(M
J A J- DU I C J tt WU Clay. TeL Maaw !»*¦
OILS
LUBRICATDJO OILS. LEONARD & ET.T.T3.
41S Front >t.. S. F. Phona Main 1710.
PRINTING.
E- C- HUGHES BU Sansome St.. 3. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THS HICKS-JUDD CO.,
;. >•:¦¦ 23 First street. 8tB FswaJic*
y- : ¦ - ¦ ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f Suits that have
the right hang
to them — that
show their . su-
perior quality in
a glance; . that
hold their shape
after being worn,
and that are rea-
sonable in price.
Our plan of
One Dollar
a weelc
Makes it easy for you to be well dressed
without feeling the expenditure;
128 Ellis ¦St.AbovePowtn
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM. STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates. '
• >BSS.OEWEY,STR0NG&C0. |^CTS.
(1 ;)
MARKET ST. SJ.SgSf
This signature is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
th'j remedy that cures a cold in one danWeather Report.
120Ui Meridian— Pacific Time.)._ 'C-."^
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. . 4-r-5 p. m.
Tfce following are the seasonal rainfalls to
New York Money Market.
• NEW YORK, Feb. '4.; — Money on' call easy
at 2Vi@3 per cent; closing bid and asked 2Vi@
2%- per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4@1%
per. cent. ; Sterling exchange about steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills* at $4 87%@
4 87% for demand and at $4 S4%@4 84% for
sixty days; posted rates. $4 85@8 85% and
$4 8S; commercial bills. $4 83%@4 84%. Bar
sliver, - 55 %c. Mexican dollars, 44c. Govern
ment bonds, strong;; State' bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular.-.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON,' Feb. 4.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the . general - fund,
exclusive of the |150, 000,000 ; gold reserve in
London Market.
. NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was quiet to-day. Amcrl^
Van chares remained dead and discouraged' on
th* r.r-Etpcnement of any decision on the North
ern Securities Company litigation. 'Finally
New York lifted Union and Southern Pacific.
Copper- fell. 3 V* to £53 5s the t«n on"pro
fessional- manipulation. ¦ Rio Tintoe - fell- to 45.
but rallied, closing ' at 45%. Anaconda sold
down to 7 1-16. . . - V Jr."
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato .market is firm at maintained
prices, owing to the scarcity ' of real fancy
5U,ck. The Orcscn steamer brought down 3218
sacks of Potatoes and 265 sacks Onions, and as
the bulk of the Potatoes received show effects
of the freezing weather in' that State there Is a
firmer feeling in fancy stock, but prices have
not advanced. The Onion market is strong
under light receipts. In addition to the re
ceipts per steamer one car. arrived from Ore-
Kon and stocks are held firm at. an -advance al
though few sales have been reported. I Nevada
Onions are offering at 3c and Australians at
3}{;C. • . ' •
As usual on Tuesday, receipts of Los Ange
les Vegetables were light and as very little
stock wns. rained oveis from the previous day
the market cleaned up at former prices Five
crates ot Tomatoes and 5 crates of Green Pep
pers were received from Florida and were offer-
Ing at $4® 5 per crate. .Each of these crates is
eqtal to about, two ordinary cVates and the
stock arrived in good order. V . . "¦
There was no Rhubarb received and carried
over stock sold well at previous • prices. #•
POTATOES— $1@1 30 for Burbanks from the
river; , Salinas Valley Burbanks, $1 50@l 75-
Oregon Burbanka, $1 25©1 C5; Oregon Garnet
Chiles,' $140@15O; River' Reds,- ?1 50@l 60-
Early Rose, ' for 6eed. $15C@1 60; small Bur
banks. ¦ for : seed, $L35(gl45; Sweets, $150 for
' ONIONS— Oregon*. $2 25@2 75. first hands;
Green Onions, 40@e5c per. box. ' ; r ¦ . c
\ VEGETABLES-^-Rhubarb, 8@10c; Green Peas
from Los Angeles. E@7c; String Beans from
Los Angeles, 8<gl2%c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl-
Los Angeles Tomatoes. $1 75<?2 per box and $2
lg.2 25 per crate; . Mexican Tomatoes, ?2^:[ per
box; Dried Peppers, 12%<gi5c ,per lb; Los An
geles do, : 15@17%c;- Dried Okra, 12%@15c per
lb;. Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucum-
Neiv: York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4. — There was a halt in
the, advance/ of copper prices to-day. Demand
was materially less' than it has been as buyers
are. well loaded up- with 'stock. Sellers tried
to find buyers. • but there were very little re
uponseg to ¦ their overtures. • In an effort to
find a trading basis prices were lowered %@¥jc
a pound. Thus lake was reduced to. 13c, elec
trolytic 12%c and casting 12%c. An important
bearish feature wns the gain of £3 10s for
spot a:id futures In I>ondon, • closing there at
£53 5s. • The local market for pig tin was easy,
with sellers at -$24 20. I-ondon' closed £1 5s
lower, with spot at £109 and ¦ futures at
£104. Lead was steady, but quiet and un
changed at $4 10 at New York. London was
5s higher at £11. 12s 6d. Spelter was dull
and a few points higher at New York at $4 10.
London was unchanged at £17 10s. Iron was
dull and unchanged- here. -Glasgow was a
shade higher at 4fl s 5d and Mlddllsboro was a
trifle lower at 4is l)d. Pig iron warrants closed
here at $ll<3il2; No. , 1 northern foundry, $15@
17 50; No. 2 foundry, northern, $16@1O 50; No.
1 foundry, southern, $1O@1G 50; No. 1 foundry,
southern, soft, $1(!@1G 50. ::
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
¦ CHICAGO, Feb. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7500. Including 750 /Texans; steady, f] Good to
prime steers, $G 50@7 35; poor to medium. $4
@6; stockers and feeders, _ $2 50@4 75; cows.
$1 2r.(S5 25; heifers. 52 50@3 50: canners. $1 23
(?2 30; bulls, $2 50^4 60; calves, S3@7 2D-
Texas fed eteers, $4(ff5 50. • '
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 36,000; to-morrow,
35.000; left over, 4500; atrong to 5c higher.
Mixed and butchers. $5 S5(5>6 30; good to choice
heavy, $0 2. r >@6 4H; rough heavy, $6(fI0 20:
light. $5 00(!T6; bulk of sales, $5 U50J6 25."
StIEEP — Receipts, 15,000; sheep, strong to
10c higher. Good to choice wethers, $4 50©
5 25; fair to choice mixed, $.1 75S4 GO; West
ern sheep and yearlings, $4 25@5 C5; native
lambs, $3 50@C 25; Western' lambs, «5 25©
G 25. ' ¦ ¦ ' . ¦ .
• -. -' ST.. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Feb. ' 4. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1C0O; steady. Natives, $3 r>0@7- cows
and heifers. $1 5005 45; veals, $3 B0@0 50;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 75. •
HOGS— Receipts. 10.CO0; strong to 5c higher.
Light and- light mixed/ $5 70@6 20; medium
and heavy. $5 90@6 25; pigs, S3"S0@5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2300. Top' wethers, $5;
top ewee, $4 35. • *¦ ¦ ,
Hay and Becdstuffs.
j Hay Is steady In spite, of the threatening
weather, as the country towns are said to be
liberal buyers and the export demand is good,
while the local consumption Is fully up to the
average at this time of' the year. Prices are
unchanEed.
There is no further change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $18 50@l» 50 per ton. ; .
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 i>er ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $10@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?27@^8; jobbing,
$28 50(529; Cocoanut Cake, $20(p21; Corn Meal,
$31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Wheat. $10@13 50: fancy, S14; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13 50; Oat, 59@11: Alfalfa, $8@
10; Clover. $7@0;. Volunteer, ?0@8 50; Stock, S6
@8 oer ton. ¦ . • „
STRAW — 15@65c ner bale. •
Beans and Seeds.
.Dealers In Beans continue to quote a quiet
and featureless market with light stocks here,
though there are said to be plenty, in. the coun
try. Prices have not changed for some time.
S«eds are dull and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White
$3 10@3 25; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea, $3 50@
4; Pink, $1 75@2 10; Red. $2 25@2 50; Black
eye. r$3 50@3 C5; -Lltnas, $4 40@4 U0; Red Kid
neys. $3 5C@3 75 rer ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, ?2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25<f3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canary,
3>A@3»4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,, from Utah
SVjc: Rape, lVi@lf>4c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Ntles. $1 25@1 65; Green
$1 25@1 50 per ctl. - '
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hops are quiet here, but there seems to be
considerable going on. In Oregon, and a sale
of 1025 bales In tlM s.-.uthern part ot thj State
at 13c is reported, the marKet being firm at
the" Improved quctaticn. California Hops have
practically passed out of growers' hand6, as.
previously mentioned, and the dealers ate firm
ly holding for full figure?.
The Wool market remain * about as before
quoted. Stocks are' very -light, and the assort
ment is limited. .
Hides are quiet, and stocks cf klr> are ac
cumulating. The Eastern Hide market y
been weakening lately. ' Tallow . continues
scarce and firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cu!!p and brands sell
about l'/ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, ttc; Cow
Hides, '. 9%c for heavy and »c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, OVic: Salt&d Veal. »Cc;
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 14@15c; Dry Calf, lftc; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, .shearlings, 15@30c
'each; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium, 65®
75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and |2 50 for medium,
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for. Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins," GOc; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 30c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c pur lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3c. '
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin, 6@8c; Saa Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County. S@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15^13%c; do,
fall. 14@15c per lh,
HOPS— 9@lCc for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote I0@loc
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market:
Small Hogs under 200 pounds -»re firmer and
some bids of a fraction over the quotations are
reported. -'• General prices remain unchanged.
The supply and demand are equally light.
I There is little change to report In Beef. Mut
ton'and Veal. Supplies are reported ample.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are 'as follows: . •
\BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers and'C@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 8@9c; small, 8@10c per lb
I MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, i%@8c
per lb. •
LAMB — Yearlings, 9@9%c per lb; Sprine
Lamb, lie per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 130 to 230 lbs, 5Ti«i
«c; under 150 lbs. 5%<55?ic: soft Hogs. 5^5Vic
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off'
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quol
tatlons; dressed Jiogs.' 7@8%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7 C ; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags
32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c. \ •
CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit Canners' Association quotes the follow
ing prices for 1902, per case! 2 'dozen 1 cans^Tn
the case: Mammoth White. $2 50®3 75. 1^'°
White. $2@3 75; Medium Whlte/Sl 758^ci*
Small White, $1 60; Mammoth Green. !5^>" 65®
3 65: Large Green. $2@2 00; Medium Rrwn
*1.75©2 50: Small Green. $1 50™ Greeru
.-CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tlns : An
plea.- |l'05@l 45; Apricots, ?l@l 50- Peaches
yellow. $.1-209165: do. Lemon Cling R* so»
1 75: Bartlett Pears. $125@1 73; 'Plums 90c®
$1-25; Nectarines. $l@l 50: Muscat Graphs *%
mi 35; Quinces. $110<gi 55;. strawbe%lra
$l-80(fil 75: Blackberries, « 30®l 60 *
«- C ??. AI^~ We . I i ln^ ton *.* J> per ton ' 'Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $tt 50;
Beyond an advanco In Alaska Packers to.
$168 there was nothing new on th« morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Business was
light. The oil stocks were also quiet.
In the afternoon there was considerable ac
tivity in Gas and Electric. In which the stock
advanced from ?42 to $43. Contra Costa Water
was also higher at |75. Giant Powder was
lower at $78. There waa a sale of Market- st.
R. R. at $89.
. The Homfe Oil Company reports $133,702 from
the sal» of oil last year. The disbursements
were $106,810. Including $C0.C0O In dividends.
There was $30,121 cash on hand on the 1st of
January, 1902, and $60,000 due on promissory
notes this year. In settlement of litigation.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 4—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .112 H2Vi 4s qr c (new)139 1399J
4s qr reg 112 112% 3s qr coup. .108^109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — — Oceanic 5a. ..100 102
Bay CPC 5s.lOO 100 Vi Ombus C>>».131
Cal-st 5s..,.llf.% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100*4
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s.. 103 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&OR«3..117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s.llW% —
Geary-st 5a. — — Sac EGR 5s. — 100
H C&S 6%s. — — SF & SJV3s. — 123%
Do 5s — * — JSierra Cal 6s. — —
L. Ang R 5s. 120% — S P of Ar 6a
LA Light tis. — — (1900) .... —
Do gtd 63. — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 5s.lO3"ilO4ty S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. — 101% (1305)Sr A.109 —
Do lem Ss.101 103 (1905)3r B.1C9U —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125% — (1906> 112 —
Do lc» 53.1H5J, — (1912> ..:. 121%122
N R C 6s.. 111% — S p Cal 1st
Do 5 9 ....122 — c entd 5s.l20 • — v
N Pac C 5s.lfts% — 1 Do stmpd..H0U —
N Cal R 5s.ll2Ssll3% S V BrCal6s.l37 —
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — S V Wat 6».113U —
Oak Trn 68.121 ?i — Do 4a 102H *
Do 1st c5s.110%1101<1 Do 48 3dm.l01%101»i
Oak W s os. — 103 Stkn Gas 6s.lO2% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 75^4 Port Costa... 63^ 66
Marin Co.... 59 — Spring Val.. 88 88*4
GAS AND ELECTRJC.
Cent L & P. 2V X — ' Pac Light. .. 44 —
E<it G L Co. 3 — Sac E OARC 20 33
Mutual — 4% S F & Q E. 42% 42Ti
O G L & H. 5Ui 52 San Fran... — 6
Pac G Imp.. S6!4 39 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fud. — 275 I
BANKS. : "• \> :
AnglorCal .. — 81 L P & A — 16ST
California ..417 420 Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.114}, — S F Natlonl.137'3 —
First Natnl..32O 350
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 — Sav & Loan.' 80
Humboldt . . — — , Security Sav.3C5 SoO
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trust. 2200
S F Sav U..512% — t
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — ISO Market — 80
Geary. — 60 Presidio 05 45
POWDER.
Giant- 77% 80 [Vigorit 3% _
SUGAR.
Hana 2?i — Kllauea .... 0% —
Hawaiian ... S3 — Ma ka well ... 26 2GH
Honokaa ... 11 12 Onomea .... 24 24Tj
Hutchlnson .14% 15% Paauhau 12 '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.lBS 17O Pac A F A. . 3%
Cal Fruit As 88 — I Pac C Bor.»165 — '
Cal Wine As 06*i — I Par Paint... 16 —
Oceanic S Co 35 40^1
Morning Session.
Board —
80 Alaska Packers". Assn 16S 00
2o Hawaiian Com'l &_ Sugar 38 00 -
Continued on Page Eleven.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4. — There was, an 'attempt
on the part of an element of professional opera
tors to awaken some speculative interest in the
market this morning, but the general disposi
tion was to acquiescence . in dullness: and neg
lect after yesterday's disappointed expectation
of a decision in the Northern. Securities .case.
It is the general opinion in the financial dis
trict that any pronounced financial activity
must await the delayed decision in this case,
or some striking ' new development In general
conditions. The professional element which at
tempted to contest this obvious tendency this
HiOrning was making very moderate progress
when the announcement came of engagements
of gold for export on Thursday to the amount
of $3,750,000. The market then immediately
flattened out, the greater part of the gains
being lust and was neglected and lethargic
for the rest of the day. The. day's small busi
ness was largely congested In Amalgamated
Copper. -Southern Pacific, Sugar and Metropoli
tan. The dealings otherwise, even in the great
transcontinental and Pacific railroads and in
United States Steel, were of quite insignificant
proportions. Amalgamated Copper was; weak
on the sharp break In the London copper mar
ket and on the, first, reaction for copper in the
local metal market' since the market turned
upward. The strength of Sugar was based on
the recent stock argument o* a probable ex
emption of Cuban sugar duties. The operations
in Southern Pacific 'were largely In the hands
of the speculative pool in the stock. Metro
politan Street Railway recovered sharply, from
yesterday's -depression on the", assurance from
W. C. Whitney that his coming retirement
from business would not involve the liquida
tion of his hol'l'iig-s. There ,wer» some wide
movements among' the less prominent stocks.
Lackawarna rose 3 points ' higher than yester
day's high price, but reatted 4 points. Nash
ville. Chattanooga and St. Louis advanced io£i
points on. light transactions and without-ex
planation. Minneapolis. St. Paul and Sault
Ste. Marie • stocks rose 4 and' ii points respect
ively for the common and preferred, but saved
net gains. of. only 2V4 and 3%. . American Ex
press and United States Express made sharp
gains. The engagement of-gold for- export- had
only a slight hardening Influence on the money
market, but the doubt as to the . extent to
which the movement may reach caused some
uneasiness over the outlook. It Is believed
that last week's large loan expansion repre
sented the shifting emigrations due toforeien
creditors to the" local banks, and that the gold
°? 5V», h P f/ m^ nt of o loans - The declaration
of a V_'« dividend on Standard Oil. the Ram
as for me first quarter of last year and the
year before, was regarded as of some sienifl
cauce. as It was feared thatuhe recent fall in
the price of oil would lead to a reduction of tl'c
dividend. The market closed dull and heavy
the tone being somewhat accentuated by the
report of the rejection of peace overture*, bv
the British Government. «*_ enure.,, by
T^i'& l k l^«»: Maulte ' w f li " diitribut « i -
United States old 4s' advanced % on the last
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
». S l2 ck8 — Open. High. Low. Close
Atchison 1.C00 76S 76U 7«
Atchison pfd 1,400 , 97% 97& 979<
£ al i o ?£ io 1.200 103Z? io2$ ma
Canadian Pacific .. 1,400 114 mil 114
Canada Southern .. ' il,
Chtsa & Ohio 800 45% 45W Zlu
Chicago & Alton.. 600 34 33%
Chic. &. Alton, pfd. 2OO..76« -752 $**/
Chic. Ind & Loul«. 2.400 02^ 61t2 A*vl
Chic, Ind & L pfd. 400 76% . 7s4 75 u
Chic & East III... 200 142 141% 141 u
Chic & Gret West. 600 23% 22U 22U
Chic&GWApfd. 100 84 81 > M*
Chic & G W B pfd. ¦ ". ..;. ' 4?,,
Chjc A Northwest. 1.200 214% 213% 214V
Chic, R I & Pac. 1,800 1«S 161% mil*
Chic Terminal & T. 100 17 ; 17 17 *
Chic T & T pfd.... 300 32% ~ 32% 3214
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb.- 4. — Special cable com
munications to Bradstreefs show the follow
ing changes in available supplies frcm last ac
count: . ¦ . •
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased ln.?;.?is: afloat
for and in Europe, increase. 1,800,000 bushels.
Total supply, decreased 7:tl.000 bushels. ¦
Corn — United States nnd Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased K5.0O0. =
Oats — United States find Canada east of the
Rccklcs, increased fiJUS.000 hnshelH.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 0 1 Va « 2
Closinc 6 l\b 6 2V S
PARIS.
Wheat— . Feb. • May-Aug.
Opening 21 70 22 70
Closing 21 (J3 22 Go
• Flour — V" *
Openlns "• 27 30 28.45
Closing . " 27 10 28 40
. . : NEW YORK. MINING "STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little. Chief 11
Alice 45 Ontario TO")
Breece C5 Ophir 7n
Brunswick Con ... 06 Phoenix , . . . 07
Comstock Tunnel ..5^4 Potosl ." l'Z
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage r 05
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada .... 14
Horn Silver :l 35 Small Hopes '38
Iron Silver 05 Standard ...3' 45
Leadville Con 05 . '
BOSTON STOCKS. AND BONDS.
Money— • • l U S Steel prd 93»£
Call loans 3^@4 • Mininr— "
Time loans 4 &5 Adventure 22%
Bonds — • - Allouez 3^4
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated- 73-i
Oaslsts-.. 83 Baltic / 40'
Mex Cent 4s...... 82V* Bingham •»%
X' E Gas & Coke. 55 Calumet & Hecla.650
• RailroaCs — Centennial*. . . I3',a
Atchison 76U Copper Range... 59V>
AtchlRon pfd 97% Dominion Coal... O8V2
Boston & Albany. 262 . Franklin 15\l
Boston & -Maine. 142 ' Isle Royale 22^
Boston Elevated . . IBS Mohawk 35ii
N .Y. N H & H.. 20 Old Dominion.... 2:t
Fltchburgr pfd 145 Osceola. 8-t
Unfcin Pacific 101% Parrot 31
Mexican Central . . 28 Qulncy 140
¦ Miscellaneous — Santa. Fe Copper. 3%
American. Sugar.. 127 Tamarack 2fi5
Am. Sugar pfd.... 117^i Trlroountaln ' 75 Vi
Am Tel & Tel . . . . 158 Vi Trinity 1.3%
Pom Iron & Steel. 2»V-i United States 17'
Gen Electric 270. Utah 24«£
Mars Electric 33 Victoria 5%
N E Gas & Coke. 5 Winpna ¦ 1%
United Fruit £"!£ Wolverine . .. 51
U S Steel 43, . \ : , ..
' LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money .i>4 7-161 Mo Kan & Tex 25«/i
Consols, acct. .04 11-16 ¦ DopW... -M
Anaconda ....... 7 N Y Central .\ ... 100
Atchison .78% Norfolk & West. . 57V-'.
Do pfd... 93% Do pfd "..: 93K
Bait & Ohio ..105% Ontario & West.. 34»i
Canadian Pac ...110% Southern Ry :$3?;
dies & Ohio 40%' Do pfd... 97
Chic G -W. : 23»i Southern Pac 04%
Chi Mil & St P... 167% Union Pac "..;.:. 304%
D & R G. ....:... 43^ Do pfd. ...02
Do pfd: 93% U 8 Steel... :44%
Erie 40 - Do pfd 06
Do 1st pfd..... 71 Vi Wabash 22^,
Do 2d pfd .57% • Do pfd 43 :
111 'Central ......141 Spanish 4s- 77 Vi
Louis & Nash 10614 1 ' . •
Bar silver, steady, 2^7-lfid. . .'
Money, 2@2% per cent.
.* The rate of discout in the open market for
short bills U 2% per cent. ¦ - . - "
The rate of discount ¦ In the open • market for
3 months' bills Is 2^ per cent.
Contra Costa Water Co. has declared Divi
dend 197 of 42 cents per share.
Flour and Millstuffs.
There is ,a continued good demand for Flour,
both for local and export account.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, *usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, ?::@3 35.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2*5; Rye
Meal, $2 60;- Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
$4ffj4 25; Buckwheat F!our, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oatu (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $t>OG@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
55; Green Peas, $G 50 per 100 lbs.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttt
market was firm; creameries, 10#25Vic; dairie:
15<321c. Cheese, steady; 9%@ll^c. Eggs
strong; fresh, liC',4©27c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels- 30,000. 34,00'j
Wheat, bushels 68,000 . 14,000
Corn, * bushels )56,OOO 95.C00
Oats, bushels ., 122, (MX) . 201,000
Rye. bushels 3.0C0 12.000
Barley, bushels 87.000 32. COO
Provisions.
Chicago was quiet and a shade lower,
though commission houses bought well at the
opening-.
In this :r.&rlr-!t Lard and barreled Beef are
lower, but otherwise prices stand about as De
fore. Trade Is vtr> quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, ¦ 13c for light.
14c to/ extra light and 14%@15tf for sugar
curedjr Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12©12%c:
CalU^rnia. Hams. ll@12c; Mess Beef. $0 50@
10 per barrel; extra Mess, $10 5O@ll; Family,
311 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear,
$22 50@23; Mess, ?1S 50@19; Smoked Beef.
13H@l-lc psr pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10V2@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins, 12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10^c: three
half-barrels, 10c;. one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
The Weather and Crops.
The creefcty report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of th3 climate ana crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather has continued cold and frosty
in all pans of the State during the week, mod
erntir.g slightly toward the close. Rain has
la'.ien in all section*, and hail, sleet and snow
Etirms have occurred in porlicns of Southern
California.
Orain prospect* In the Sacramento Valley are
reported better than lor several seasons at this
period, and in all the central and northern dis
t»;3ts wheat and barley are in excellent condi
tion; growth has been slow Curing the cold
wtatfcer. but there is abundant moisture, and
with warm weather the growth will be rapid
ar.d healthy. In the southern districts the Te
wnt rains have materially Improved the con
dition of Grain, and in raj y places a nearly
average crop is predicted.
Piowir.g and seeding are progressing and in
soinc- of the southern counties farmers are in
cr.'aEing their grain acreage. Green feed has
been fclightly damaged toy frosts in eome sec
tic:»y. but is Etjll abundant except in portions
of the south, end stock are generally in good
ccr.diticn.
Deciducus fruit trees and vineyards are in
excellent condition and have been greatly bene
fit'd by the continued cool weather, which has
checked too early development.
TJnprotectol citrus fruits in portions of the
Saa Joaquin Valley and Southern California
rnve been injured by recent frosts, but as
fcmple trarninps were given it is probable the
less'will not bs heavy. Same damage was done
Ijy the hail and sleet in districts near the foot
hills. ,
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
Cold weather continued during the wesk.
uith heavy frosts. Rain Saturday night was
beneficial to growing crops. Green feed lias
bctii somewhat damaged by frosts and grain
hes taad& slow growth, but the cold weather
is considered generally beneficial, especially to
deciduous fruit trees. Grain is in excellent
<>-nditiCT! and with warmer weather will make
repid growth. Prospects lor heavy crops of
grain and deciduous fruits were never b?tt«r
at this date. Pasturage is plentiful and stock
are in good condition.
COAFT AND BAY SECTIONS. -
Cold weather has prevailed during the week.
with heavy frosts. Rain has fallen In all sec
tiens. treatly benefiting crain and pasturage.
Greta leed has been slightly damaged by the
frosts and grain has made slow growth, but
in ether respects the conditions have been gen
erally favorable. Farm work has progressed
rapidly snd plowing and seeding will Eoon be
completed. An -unusually Jaree - acreage of
grain and hay has been, sown in Sonoma
Ojunty. Tree and vine pruning are progress
ing and in Santa Clara and Sonoma counties
the acreage in vineyards and orchards is being
materially increased. Almonds are in full
bloom in San Luis Obispo.
SAN JOAQUIX VALLET
The "weather lias been cold and frosty dur
ing .the week, retarding the growth of grain
end causing some damage to green feed and
unprotected citrus fruits, but benefiting decidu
ous fruit trees and vineyards. Rain at the
ciase of the week greatly improved the con
d-tion or pralr. and pasturage. It is reported
that in Kern, Kings, Madera and Tulare coun
t cs c great deal of wheat has been ruined by
the dry weather and a light crop is probable.
In the northern counties grain is in much' bet
ter condition and will probably yield an aver
sg* crop. Fasturage is scarce In some ' sec
tions *nd stock are not doing very well. Plow
ins and eeedir.g are progressing. .
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Cold,' frosty weather prevailed- during the
frst of the week, accompanied by rain, hail
snd light snow in the interior districts and
heavy snow in the mountains. The weather
l*caro<» v.-armcr at the close of the week
and light t-howers fell in most sections.
Cltru* fruits were slightly injured in some
places by irosts and hail. Grain and feed are
Improving rapidly and prospects are much bet
ter than during January. In some sections it
Is reported that a considerable acreage of grain
lar.fl will have to be reseeded. Plowing anj
needing »re processing rapidly. \KiIlingr fronts
?•ccurred at many points, but ample warnings
were Bive:i and the loss has been kept down
by fires ar.fl smudges.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cold week,
with frost, rain, enow and hall, but reports
ray little damage if any to citrus fruits. ¦ Or
< hardiet* used smudsre flres Sunday. Rain too
light to do much good.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— There Is some plow
ing and pruning, but farm work is generally
much delayed by cold weather. Grain and
f,ra?s are healthy, but continue making slow
grov.-th. t ,:l-~- ¦ ~ ¦
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 20.392 Bran, sks 1.135
Wheat, ctls .... 2,925 Onions, sks SS3
Barley, ctla i. ..10,930*Tallow, ctls .... 216
Corn, ctls 370 Pelts, bdla 1SI
Beans, ska 23 Quicksilver, flsks 25rt
Potatoes, sks .. 2,132 Leather rolls .. 109
Hay, tons 340 Wine, gals 33.7C0
Straw, tons 21 Brandy, gala .... 1.200
Shorts, sks 150 Lime, bbls : 192
Wool, sks 51 Sugar, ctls 1,401
Middlings, sks.. 825 Chicory, bbls ... 25
Flour, qr sks... .12.244 1 Bran, sks 1800
Potatoes, sks .. 3,218 , Middlings, ska .. 4C0
Onions, sks 2651
Cash quotations .were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 sprine wheat, 75^c; No. 2 re*d,
8W»0$5i/jc: No. 2. oats, 45«/jC; No. 2 white,
47&47Vic; No. .'. white, 4«>A@47c; No. 2 rye.
(tic; fair to choice malting barley, 59gS3ViC;
No. 1 Flaxseed. 91 70; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 72Vi; prime timothy seed, $0 55; mess pork,
per barrel, $15 70; lard, per 100 pounds, $9 .,0
@9 S2V4: short ribs sides (loose). $8 25@8 40;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), • 7%@7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $8 ti2Vi<S8 75; whisky, basis
of , high wines, $131; clover, . contract grade,
$9 40. ' • ¦¦.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS . AND GENERAL
. The pressure has fallen rapidly I over the
northwestern .portion of .the country _ and a
marked disturbance is passing eastward
through the northern tier of States. Heavy
rain has fallen from Cape Mendoclno north
ward and a maximum wind velocity of 42
miles pfr hour from the south is reported at
Portland.
• The temperature has risen slowly over
Northern and Central California. • - • ' ¦ ¦
Forecast made at' San Francisco for. thirty
hours ending midnight February 5, 1902: • —
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday, with showers; fresh to
brisk southerly winds. ] • .
Southern California, becoming cloudy at
night; light southwest winds. • -¦ . _
Nevada— Rain or enow. Wednesday In north
ern portion: fair. In southern portion;, brisk
southerly winds.
San Francisco and Vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather, with occasional showers In the
forenoon; fresh southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE. "
Forecast Official.
Temperature — 7 a. m. t 43,
Articles — . 'Open. High. 'Low. Close.
Wheat 'No. 2 —
February 75 V*
May 78% 78% 78Vs 78Vi
July 78%* 78% 78% 78V4
Corn No. 2 —
May GV/i ¦ G-n; . C3% «3%
July C4Vi 04 % OiVi Wj
September e3»6 G3V6 C2Vi C2 1 ,*
Oats No. 2 —
May 44% . 44T& « J /$ «%
July.. 39 39 38Vn IWVa
September 33 33 32% 32%
Mess pork, per barrel —
May 15 05 15 9714 15 00 15 00
July 18 05 16 05 15 97 \i 16 00
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May ....9 47'/. 9 47V4 0 45 9 47 Vi
July ....955 9 57ii 0 52Va 0 55
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 8 47V> 8 ii0 8 45 8 47Vi
July..::....... 8 55 8 57Va S 55 S Oi'/j
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is no change of any consequence in
fruits. The demand is not as active as in
December, but the feeling continues equally
firm, as stocks are light and very much broken.
Raisins are Belling off well at the new prices.
Nuts are steady, and Walnuts rule firm. Comb
Honey Is slightly lower and quiet.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7®S%c for Royalsi and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 8@8%c; sun-dried, 494^c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4VS@S%c: Plums,
pitted, 4fi'5V.c: unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5®
5%c for red and 5^@6>£c for white; Figs, 3c
for black and ti0@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6@ey>c; 40-50's. 4%@5^fc; 5O-60"s, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 3%@4Uc; 70-80's, 3&@3&c;
80-00's, 2%®3Uc: 90-100' s, 2%ig2&c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6}i
@7?4c; Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
5^4c for seedless; 3-crown, 1 6c; 2-crown, H%c;
Seedless Sultanas. JUc for unbleached and 7®
8 Vic for bleached Clusters — Imperial, $3; De
hesa ?2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers,
$1 25®1 .To.
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 8@SVic; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; Nft.i2.-7c; Almonds, 10V^@12c for paper
shell. 9@10c for sof tshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@t2Vic; Filberts. 12@12 Vic; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50<35. - :-\
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 10@
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
5i36c; light amber extracted, 4'g5c; dart, 4c.
'BEESWAX— 27Vi@20c per lb.
Astoria 29.76 48 40 NW Pt.Cldyl.2t
Baker 29. S6 30 20 SE Snow .01
Carson 29.96 46 14 S\V Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.98 48 38 S Rain \ 1.34
Frerno 30.12 58 38 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.06 40 2 W Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello, Ida 6
Independence .29.92 56 24 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30.02 «2 40 W Clear .00
Phoenix 30.00 «2 S4 NW Cloudy .00
Portland .29.S2 44 32 W Pt.Cldy .SO
Red Bluff ...30.04 50 40 SE " Cloudy .23
Roseburg 20. S* 46 2R S Rain .3?
Sacramento ..30.12 P6 42 S Cloudy .01
Salt Lake ...30.C8 -SO 14 SE Snow .02
San Franclsco.30.10 54 40 S\V Cloudy .01
S. L. Oblspo. .30.10 62 38 W Clear .00
San Ditgo ...30.00 58 44 SW Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 28.00 40 30 SW Cloudy 1.22
Spokane 29.70 40 26 S Snow ' .05
Seattle 29.72 46 40 SE Cloudy 1.28
Walla Walla. .2». 70- 44 16 S Cloudy T.
Winnemucca .30.02 40 10. SW Snow .01
Yuma 29.96 08 34 S Pt.Cldy .CO
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail reports from Xew York say: "Contin
tieii speculative interest is reported in Califor
nia raisins, and some round lots have been
picked up in the last day or so on offerings
fr^m the coast by one interest here. Prices
paid ere withheld, but they are believed to be
under the parity of epot en 3-crown loose. Spot
ttocice are new reported largely concentrated,
the buying interest having obtained control of
the bulk of the large offerings. Sellets at the
moment show no dispceition to move goods ex
cent in a Fmall way pending the naming of a
ik* coast basis. Imported Valencia layer rai
sins are steady, but show no important change.
* - In prunes the feeling is fairly steady, but
the trade is quiet. Strictly new Santa Claras
are not offered freely under «%c for 40-50s in
25-lb boxes. Fruit of fair quality offers in
some quarters at %c under. Oregon prunes are
- in moderate ?e<juest and show a little firmness
or. the quoted basis. There is a better feeling
ntted in apricots and peaches, and some hold
er: report a sluide more inquiry with cheaper
grades in request in a jobbing way. Spot pears
ere very lirm and scarce. In dates the demand
is moderate, but prices show no change from
rh* principal holders. Figs ere in good request
«nd several pales of both boxes and baps are
reported v.ithin the quoted range. We note
the arrival of 1700 tapneu» of Portuguese figs.
The same have gold from firet hands and offer
around 3?-«'gCc."
g> s a o 2 5
* . **% **3 :2~ <* *
3 Sg 33 |2 g • e
stations. ' ~ • | • Sj ?!" 9% £
: : • j j • f p
THE COAST RECORD.
Internal Revenue.
Receipts of internal, revenue In this district
during the month of January were as follows:
Keer. SG7.O40; Spirits. $S3,796; Lists. $20,320:
T' hacco, $23,783: Documentary Stamps, $31.-
S-Ti: Proprietary Stamps, $4519: miscellaneous.
SM75: total for the month. $242.8S5, against
SibS,D56 during the Fame month last year.
. San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
55; minimum, 44; mean,- 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta
tions: Boston. 30-lu, l(i-10; Phila
delphia. 24-14: New York. 22-12; Kansas City.
26 above to 6 below; Jacksonville. 50-38; Wash
ington, 24-14; Omaha, 16-10; Duluth, 6 above
to 14 below; Chicago. 8 above to 2 below;
St. Louis. 12-zero; Salt Lake City, 32-14. :
Deciduous ; and Citrus Fruits.
There is a better movement In Oranaes, as
receipt* are light and the weather in more
favorable. Cheap stock is well cleaned up and
all grades meet with a brisk demand at steady
prices. Lemons also are moving better. One
car of Oranges is announced for to-day's auc
tion. • ¦ ¦ .
Extra Fancy Apples are scarce and sell read
ily at the quotations, but cheap stock is plen
tiful..
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
| APPLES — $1 50@2 per "box for extra, 75c
ff??l 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for or
dinary. •
PEARS — From cold storage, 75c©$2 60 per
box.- .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@51 25
for standards, $1 50@2 for choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy; Seedlinzs, 75c@$l 50; Tange
rines, $1 50@2; Japanese Mandarins, $2@2 25;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1@1 50; Lemonu. 50c@
$1 for common and $1@1 50 for good to choice,
and $1 75@2 50 for fancy;" Grape Fruit, $1@2,
Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $2 £5@2 75
per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.../. — . $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables A — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — '. 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15 "
Silver, per ounce ' — ¦ 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT • FREIGHTS— Are steady and un
changed at 28s 9d, usual European options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 35,160, against 43,000 tons of
the same date last year; disengaged, 21,790
tons, against 2700; on the way to this port,
184,350 tons, against 127,300. •
> WHEAT — The markets yesterday were quiet
everywhere, with no particular feature. For
eign futures showed little change. Brad
street's reported the status of the supply as
follows: East of the Rockies, a decrease of
2,531.000 bushels; Europe and afloat, an In
crease of 1,800,000; net decrease, 731,000 bush
els. - .
Chicago was slow and neglected, with very
small outside orders, and light offerings. Ex
tremely cold - weather and - light receipts
strengthened the coarse grains. St. Louis sold
freely.
There was no change in this market. Trade
was quiet. '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
®1 12% per ctl.
CALL- BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls. $1 08%. December — 4000, $1 09%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 6000
ctls, $1 09%.
Afternoon Session — May — 22,000 ctls, $1 08 Vi:
10.000. $1 C9%.
BARLEY — Was firm at the advance of Mon
day, thoLgh there was not much doing. / Fu
tures were a little weaker. '¦ *,•
Feed, 91%@92%c for choice bright, 90c for
No. 1 and 87%@88%c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, J)5@-97%c; Chevalier, $1^
1 20 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal ! Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls. Soc.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, 85c.
' Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
S4%c; 14.000, 85c.
Afternoon Session — May — 10,000 ctls, S4%c;
8000. 84%c. . . .
OATS — There Is nothing new in this market.
The demand is slow, but dealers are firm hold
ers. Offerings are ample for the light de
mand. • , ¦ . ¦ ¦ -I
Grays, $1 22%@1 30; whites, $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise. SI 40<Kl 45; black. $1 l^VjKJl 2i-^»
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red.
$1 27»i@l 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed.
- CORN — Chicago opened several fractions
firmer, hut realizing sales by large holders
lowered the market. There was not much soli
lns pressure, however, and the country move
ment was small.
This market continues quiet and not'mate
rially changed. Offerings are sufficient for the
demand.
Large yellow, $1 37V,@1 45; small round
do. $1 50; white, $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
RYE — Quoted at S5@D0c per ctl. The market
is dull. V" -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.34 18.91 31.34
Red Bluff 28 12.46 16. <£}
Sacramento .01 " 7.29 11.52
San Francisco 01 7.20 13.6f>
Fresno 00 2.66 7.65
Independence 00 1.39 5.16
San Luis Oblspo 00 6.24 22.89
Los Angeles 00 ' 4.21 ' 8:66
San Diego .00 2.46 4.68
Retail Me it Paces.
The following retail quotation* for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective -Association:
BEEF— Roast. 10@lSe per lb: Tenderloin
E?i=ak. 15@17>*c; Porterhouse Steak. 17%@20c:
» und Steak, 10@12%c; Stew Beef, sgiOc;
Crned Beef, 6S10c.
VEAL- Roast. 10®15c; Cutlet*, 15glSc.
MUTTON— Roast, 10#12»3c; Chops, 1C@
i: etew. Ec
LAMB— Spring. 12%®20c; Roast. 12%@15c;
CT<Tf. 12'43fl8c. m
PORK — Roast. 12>j@15c; Chops. 15c. . .
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last f» "ny-four hours:
* ¦ — — — : : ¦ — ; :*
CHICAGO; Feb. 4— Com again attracted the
most attention on the. floor, although trade was
not large, j Early buying on the cold weather
reports, especially by the Southwest and some
of the local crowd ' fcr investment, occasioned
a fair adyan.ee. There was some bullish news
from -Kansas City, and cables were strong,
though Liverpool^ reported a dull market. Re
ceipts were small. May opened with some
strength and sold up to 64%c, but selling by
locals and predictions of moderating weather
broke the market toward the end of the ses
sion. • May sold down to 63%c, but rallied
again on good covering and sold at 63%@64c-
This revival, however, was not • long-lived anj
May closed easy, %c down at 63%@<53%c. - -
Wheat had rather a dull day. The change In
prices was limited to %c. The cold weather,
while having an . independent bullish effect in
this pit. influenced strength- more by its direct
effect through corn. The early sentiment was
bullish An corn, . but later wh,eat turned inde
pendent and bearish. The local crowd sold and
prices ; declined. Receipts, both local and
Northwestern, were small and the world's
visible" supply decreased .731,000 bushels. On
these influences "May started %c up at.'78%c
and sold up a shade. When the sentiment
turned the market held very well considering
the selling pressure and May closed easy J ,4@
%c lower at 78%@78%c. New York reported
discouraging export news, saying ¦ that the
business was largely confined to Manitoba
wheat which ! was being secured under the
prices for American.
Oats were again dull and prices fluctuated in
sympathy with corn over a very, narrow range.
May closed steady, %c down at 44Vi@4-i%c.
There was a demand for pork at the open
ing that carried prices up fairly well. All
products closed 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING,
Receipts of wheat during ; the past three
days, 177,000 centals, including 176,000 Ameri
can. ¦ .
LONDON, Feb. 4.— Consols, 0* 11-16: silver.
25 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 22%c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California. 30s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla,
25s 3d ; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 4.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3d@6s 3%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in* Paris, steady; weather in
England, cold and damp.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 17-32d.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter are larger, and while the
market is still quoted firm, there is lesn tend
ency to advance, and some dealers think that
the ' toD has been reached. Stocks on the
floors are light, however, and as supplies of
packed goods are practically exhausted the
retail demand for the fresh product is larger.
Cheese is steady an^ unchanged,
Arrivals of Eggs are slowly increasing again,
but as stocks are light and the demand is
good, - there Is no weakness apparent. At the
same time the tendency among the trads is to
sell, aa everybody looks for a decline at this
time of the year.
Receipts were 45,400 pounds, 22 tubs and 18
kegs of Butter, pounds of Eastern But
ter, .986 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern
Eggs, 2000 pounds of California Cheese,
pounds of Oregon Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%®28c per lb for
fancy,' 27c for firsts and 25@26c for seconds;
dairy, 17%@25c; store Butter, 14@17c Der lb.
Packed goods are well cleaned up and nomi
nal. .
CHEESE— New, ll©ll%c: old. 10©10%c:
Young America, 12@13c; Eastern. 13® 15c per
pound. ¦ '
EGGS— Ranch, 22%@23c for selected large
and 21@22c for good to choice; store, 10@20c
per /dozen. • • •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— Cotton closed un
changed to 2 points higher, with the * tone
steady. *; • .-, : .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
, PORTLAND, Feb. 4. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 64c; bluestem. 65c. \
* WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 4:— WHEAT— Quiet. Blue
stem, 64%c; club. 63%c. .
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Wheat and Wheat freights inactive. ...
Barley /inn, but no higher.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously qnoted.
Hay in good demand and steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still dull.
Potatoes firm and Onions higher.
Butter and Eggs well cleaned up and firm. ' Cheese steady.
Dried Fruits and Raisins firm. A T uts steady and Honey easy.
Hams and Bacon unchanged. Lard and barreled Beef weaker.
Hop market zvell held, but not materially changed.
Wool assortments broken and supplies small.
Hides quiet, with little variation. . , •
Beef, Mutton and Pork about as before.
Some kinds of Codfish advanced. #
No further change in Oils.
Poultry in light receipt and steady!
Fair business in local stocks and bonds.
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3 50; Co-operative
Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk ana
$1S 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sack3;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lb»
and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
*" CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16c per lb;
Sisal size. ll%c; Bale Rope, ll@ll%c: Duplex.
10%c. Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash
discount. Lots of 10.000 lbs. la less.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
case*. Regular. 4c; cases. Extra Lurge, 4%c:
cases. Eastern style. 5-4c: Boneless, 4 :l ic;
"Nor'vay," 5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5%c;»"Sllv«»r
Kinar," 6%c; Blocks, "Orientals." 5%c; Blocks,
"Seabright." 5%c: Tablets. «r 3 c; Middles. «»j
@7%c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 8c; 2-1 1>
boxes. Fancy Boneless, 7@Sc: Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. barr?ls. each. *T;
Pickled Cod. half-barrel, each. $4.
COP'FEE— Costa Rica£-13%@»c nominal for
strictly prime to fancy washed; 11%@12%c
nominal for prime washed: 10%@llc nominal
for good washed; 10%®12%c for good to primo
¦wa3he«l Deaberry; 9%@lu%t» for fail to prim3
peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime; 8%@9%o
for fair: 6@7%c for common to ordinary-
Salvadoi? — 12%@13c nominal for strictly
prime washed; 10%@12c nominal for srood f>
prim* washed; 9® 10c nominal for fair washed:
10%@ll%c nominal for eood to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@10%c nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; 9%®9%c nominal for superior
unwashed: 9%c for good green unwashed; 99
9 : 5ic for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6&7C for common to ordinary.
i Nicaragua, — 12@13c nominal for Drime to
fancy - washed; 9%®llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 894@9%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9®9%c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12% ©15 Vic for
prime to fancy washed; ll@ll%c for strictly
good washed; 10%©10%c for good washed: 9>. 3
@10c for fair washed; 8®9c for medium: 6@
7%c 'or Inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9©9%c
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 29@32c: extra
heavy, 30@40c per lb; medium, 27 ©29c: light.
2192tic; Rough Leather. 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35®39c for No. 1 and 30@33c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 29@35c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36®38c; Col
lar Leather, 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather,
40@44c; Kip, unfinished, 40@50c per ll>: Veal,
finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits,
14@16c; Rough Splits., 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26@2S per ton; Stick.
$16® 18 per cord.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 £0; -Linseed Oil. in barrels,
boiled. 76c; raw, i4c; cases. 5c more; Lucol.
64c for boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 90c;
cases. 95c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. In barrels, 70c; cases. 75c;
Sperm, cure, 65c: Whale Oil. natural white.
40@50c Der gallon: Fish Oil. barrels. 37 %c:
cases. 42%c: Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for
Ceylon and 58%cfor Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13Vic; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c: in
cases 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in case?.
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; la
cases, 26% c.
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon la eases and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 6"^J7%c, according
to quantity.
SALT — Liverpool. $30^32 60 for the best a.nd
$2C®27 CO for factory filled. Domestic—Imita
tion Liverpool, $24 25®26; H. R. H.. $25 253>
26; California Dairy, 50-lb bags. $24Q25 50;
Rock- Salt, $17® 18 85, according to quantity;
Granulated. $24 50@26 per ton.
QUICKSILVER^$47@48 per flask for local
use and $44@45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Flna Crushed. 0.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
1b bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia. A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, lOo
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrel's, 6.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: .
Pine, ordinary sizes.* $18@19 50; extra sizes
higher: Redwood. $19@2O; Lath. 4 feet. $3 9O@
4; Pickets, ?19; Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 75
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and JU for
sawn; Rustic. ?25@31. '
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Feb. 4. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales, to-day numbered 13,546 bales.
Victoria merinos were in average demand &t
firm rates. Punta Arenas and Falkland Islands
were in fair demand. -
C, C, C & St Louis. 600 89»4 99 68%
Colo Southern 3,000 15% 15% "16%
Colo S 1st pfd 2,000 65% 65% 65%
Colo S 2d- pfd 3,100 32 31% 31%
Dela & Hudson... 1,900, 174% 173% 173
Dela, L & West.. 2,600 297 .289 292
Den & R G 800 42% 42 ( 42%
•Den & R G pfd : .... 61ife
Erie .» 3,800 39% 38% S8%
Erie 1st pfd ; 900 69% 69% 69V*
Erie 2d pfd 200 66% 66% 55%
Great Northern pfd '. .« 186%
Hocking Valley 800 69 68>i 68%
Hocking Val pfd.. 500 84 83% ~ 83%
Illinois Central .. 700 137% 137% 137%
Iowa Central 700 40% .40% '40
Iowa Cent pfd.... 300 74% 74 74
Lake E & West.. 100 67% 67% 66%
Lake E & W pfd.. ..... 130
Louisville & Nash. 8,400 104% 103% 104
Manhattan L 6,400 136% 135^1 ' 135%
Metropol St Ry 29,500 172% 170% 172%
Mexican Central .. 600 28%' 28% 28%
Mexican National.. 1.000' 17% 17 .17%
Minnap & St L 100 107% 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific .. 1,000 102% 101% 102
Missouri. K & T 24%
M, K & T pfd 300 53% 63 52%
N J Central 800 197 195 195
N Y Central 1,500 162% 161% 161%
Norfolk & West... 200 66% 56 56
Nor & West pfd... 200 92% 92%- 92
Ontario &.West... 3,000 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 6,700 149% 149% 149%
Reading 28,900 57H . 66% 66%
Reading 1st pfd... 3,100 82% 82 82
Reading 2d pfd... 16.100 64 63 .. 63%
St L & San Fran.. 800 62% 62% 02%
St L & S F 1st pfd. ..... 83
Et L & S F 2d pfd ' -•• 74%
St L Southwest.... 700 26% 20 26%
St L Southw pfd.. 100 69 59 , 1 58%
St Paul . : 11,500 164% 163% 163%
St Paul pfd 187
Southern Pacific .. 19,300 63%. 62% 62%
Southern Railway.. 3,600 33% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 6,200 94% 94 94%
Texas & Pacific .. 300 38% 38% 38%
Toledo, St L & W. 100 ' 20% 20% 20%
T. St L &W pfd.. 1.300 38 37% 37%
Union Pacific 8,200 102% 101% 101%
Union Pacific pfd. 900 89% 8S% 80%
Wabash 1.100 22% 22%. ;22%
Wabash pfd 400 42% 42% 42%.
W & Lake Erie 17%
W & L Erie 2d pfd. ..:. ....' 28
Winconsln Central. 100 19% 19% 19%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 300 40 39% 39%
! Express Companies —
Adams .' 200 ,
American 500 222 220 221
United States ..... 2.500 112% 109% J.12
Wells Fargo .. .... 190
: Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . . 88,100 75% 73t& 73%
Amer Car & Found. 7,400 29% 28% 29%
Amer C & F pfd.. 600 ,. 86% 86% S6^i
Amer Lin Oil 4,000 24 21 22}j
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. 1. 49
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1.900 4714 40% ' 46%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 200 97% 97% »7V«
Anaconda Min Co. 3,700 34% 3V£ 33%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 4,400 60% (35% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. .... 86%
Consolidated Gas .. 900 217 216 216
Con Tobacco pfd 117
General Electric .. 300 2S1 280 • 280%
Glucose "Sugar ... 1,200 .50 49% 49%
« Hocking Coal . 14
Internat Paper ... 400 19'i .1914 19%
Intern Paper pfd.. 300 75 74% 74%
Internat Power ... 100 87 87 87
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit .. 400 45 44% 44%
National Lead 100 18 18 18%
National Salt 30 .
National Salt pfd. .... C4
North American ..• 1,900 93% 92 Vi 0.1%
Pacific Coast 73
Pacific Mail 400 46 46 40 .
People's Gas 800 100 99% 99%
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 40% 40% 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. 800 84 82% 83%
Pullman Pal Car. ."'..:. 217
Republic Steel 5.000 17% 16% . 10%
Republic Steel pfd. 3,500 70 69% 69%
Sugar ... -...33,200 128% 120% 127
Tenn.Coal & Iron. 900 64Vi 63 63
Union Basr & P Co. 200 13 13 12% i
Union B & P C pfd 73 ;
U S Leather 1,100 11% 11H lltf I
U S Leather pfd.. 100 80% f>0% 80%
U S Rubber 100 14Vi 14»a 14»<. j
U S Rubber pfd 51
U S Steel 7,500 43^ 43 43
U S Steel pfd 4.700 03% 03% ».{% i
Western Union ... 1,800 91 Vi 01 90% !
Amer Loco 7,400 32% 31% 32 i
Amer Loco pfd 100 92Vi 02'A 92 .
Total sales 487,000
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s'reg...lO8%|L &N Unl "4s 101">4
U S ref 2s coup..lOS>i Mexican Cent 4s.. S3
U S 3s reg 108'i Mex Cent 1st inc. 32
U S 3s coup 10SV4 Minn & St L 4s...lO*U
U S new 4s reg.. 139 Mo. Kans & T 4s. 09%
US new 4s coup. 139 Mo. K & T 2ds.. 82 !
U S old 4s reg. ..112 N Y Centrar lsts. 103%
U S old 4scoup..U2 NYC gen 3%s..lO8
U S-5s reg 106 . N J Cent gen 5s.l3«Vi
U S 5a coup 105 N Pacific 4s 105ii
Atchiscn gen-4s...lO3<& N Pacific 3s 74%
Atchison adj 4s... 9i% N & W con 4s... 10.5 Vfc
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO3* / feJRaading gen 4s... 0S%
Halt & Ohio 3%*. Of,M;S I. & I M con Gs.118
B & O conv 4s 105V- SL & S F 48 07V-
Canada So 2ds...llO 1st L Swstrn lsts. {«>%
Cent of Ga us 111% St L Swstrn 2ds. 78%
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 79% S A & A P 4s.... 90
dies & Ohio 4Vis.lO8}4 So Pacific 4s 84»4
Cligo &'Alt SVjs... 84$, So Railway 5s 12O',i
C, B & Q new 4s. 96W, Tex & Pnc lsts.. 120%
CM & SP gen 4s. 114% T. St L & W 4s. . 84%
C -&-NW- con "S..138H Union Pacific '4a. .105 VI
C. R I & P 4s HOVi Union-P conv 4s..lO<>*4
C.C.C & SLgen 4S.103V4 Wabash lsts 118%
Chgo Terminal 4e. 8S% Wabash 2ds 111%
COlo & So 4s 92«^iWabafih deb B... CIS";
Den & R G 4s... 102% j West Shore 4s 112'<<
Erie prior Men 4s. 08% W & L E 4s 93%
Erie sen 4s SH% Wis Cent 4s 88'*
F W & r> C lsts. 1OS» Con Tobacco 4s.. 06}i
Hocking Val 4%s.lC9 I " |
SUMMARY OF THE'MARKETS.
# — — . ___ — *
XEW .YORK. Feb. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,488 barrels; exports, 1995. ~ Dull but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts." 112,100 bushels; exports,
232.711. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 85%c f. o. b.
afloat and 89%c elevator; ,No. 1 Northern Du
luth,' S5%e f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 hard May,
87%c f. o. b. afloat. Considering the decline
of. trade wheat was fairly steady all day, in
fluenced by the less favorable interwheat crop
news, small receipts, light speculative offer
ings, a decreased world's stock and fairly large
New York clearings. A final slight setback
with corn left the closing prices" %@}ic net
lower. March closed at 8-iy.c; May, 83 13-1C®
83i,4c closed 83;&c; July, "S394@S4%c, closed
83%c. .,..•
HOPS — Firm. ' State, common to choice, 11%
@16c; Pacific Coast, 1901 crop. ll J /£@10c.
HIDES— Barely steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, . quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed steady, .with prices net 5 to 10 points
higher. Total sales, 47,500 bags, including:
May, $5 55@5 60; July, $5 75@5 80. J
• SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 3-16c:
centrifugal,' 9(J test, . 3 1-lCc; mclasses sugar,
3 15-16c; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS
There is little doing in evaporated apples
and the feeling is generally easy, although
prices are about' unchanged. State, common
to good, 7is*89ic; prime, 8%@0%c; choice, 9%@
10c; fancy, lOtyOlle. |
A fair interest is shown in California dried
fruits, particularly in apricots and peaches,
which are firmly held at slight advances of
Eome grades.
PRUNES— Steady. 3%®6%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14e; Moorpark, 9%@
12%c. - / ¦ -•--.-
PEACHES-^Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7%@
10c.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of local Poultry, were light yester
day and all kinds sold well. -One car ot East
ern was placed on the market, makinc three
thus far this week. Owing to the high prices
of young- stock, old stock cleaned up well at
higher prices. '
Receipts of Game were 53 sacks and sold at
about the same prices.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c : Live
•Turkeys, 13314c for Gobblers andi 140.15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 7$; Goslings,
$2(g2 25; Ducks, $5@5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4 60mj5 50; young Roosters, $5
<f6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $4 50®5;
Broilers, f4@5 for large and $3@4 for small;
Pigeons, SI . 2JVS-1 CO per dozen for old and
$2 00(92 75 for Squabs. ¦¦
GAME— Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese.
$3 50; White Geese. $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@
2 50 Der dozen; Honkers. $3#4-50; English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe, II 50; Robins. $1 50 per
dozen. . » . ¦
fair amount of wool from time to time at full
prices, but there is an absence of speculative
feeling. Owing * to the heavy sales of wool
Ia6t fall, together with the steady picking up
of good lots, there is considerable, shrinkage In
the available supply of good Territory wools,
and a buyer now has a poorer . choice from
which to make his selections. Values hold
firm, about 43@45c, clean, being a fair basis
for fine medium wools. The scourei basis for
fine Territory wools is about 47@4Sc. while
some fancy lots are calling for 50c. Medium
Territory wools are quoted - at' 88@40c, with
choice lines at 42c.
bers, • $1®1 25 ! per . dozen for large and 50@75c
for .mall;' Garlic. Hi@2%c; Los Angeles Green
Peppers. 20@25c; Mexican do, 20@25c; Es?
Plant from Los Angeles, 20@25c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles. $1 50®2; Marrowfat
Squnsh, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard I Squash,
$8®10.
-New York Grain and Produce
:he division 'of redemption ' shows : ¦ Availab:
:ash balance, $174,872,834; gold. $83,679,870.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
¦ ¦ *
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
BOSTON. Feb. 4.— The wool market here pre
sents few new features this week. The de
mand Is moderate, while values are held on a
very firm basis. -Manufacturers are taking a
Boston Wool; Market.
8
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTIONSALE £^
THURSDAY FEB. «. 1902. AT It A. M.
AT STEIN'S ' STABLE. 712 BROADWAT.
NEAR STOCKTON ST.
Of 40 head BROKE DRIVING AND "WORK
HORSES, weighing from 1100 to 1600: 8
broken mules, consigned by JONE3 RANCH.
SONOMA COUNTY; also 8 BUGGIES, 1 SUK-
REY, 1 HACK and a number of single an-l
double work and driving narnes3 In good order.
Stock now at yard.
XT. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer.The management of her. concerts, an
nounces that all money paid for seats will
be refunded at Sherman & Clay'8 music
store.
Mme. Nordica is still a very sick wom
an. At a late hour last evening the fol
lowing bulletin' concerning her condition
was Issued : .
"I herebv certify that Mme. Nordica,
who is under my professional, care, is m
such a condition as to make it impossible
for her to appear In public for at least t^n
dav».' JAMES W. WARD. M. D.,
"Attending Physician."
Nordica a Very Sick Woman.
The till In the shoestore kept by M.
Goldman at 128 Ninth street was robbed
yesterday morning by a daring thief, who
secured $110 50 and made his escape. The
thief rifled the till while Goldman - was
next door. talking with a neighbor. Gold
man had Intended using the money . to
pay- the shoe bill. " • * • . .. • ¦•¦¦¦¦
Ernest May, a produce dealer,, was
robbed in much the same manner last
Saturday morning. May stepped into th«
yard in the rear of- his store at 1W
Ninth street and when he returned . a' few
minutes later he discovered that $15 had
been abstracted from the cash register.
It is believed by the police that both rob
beries were committed by the same t*i%»r,
Lose Their Coin While Away
From Their Stores.
CLEVER SNEAK THIET -
RIFLES CASH ! DRAWERS
Shoe Dealer and . Produce Merchant
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 4.— Al Neill. and
Mike Donovan fought twenty, rounds to
night to a draw. Neill did not perform
as well as he did In his previous matches,
being slower and not in perfect condition.
Donovan was in fine shape and made a
fast and determined fight. Neill jabbed
Donovan a thousand times with his left,
closing his ' left eye tight, but Mike was
there all the time and ready ' for more.
After the .sixteenth round , Neill tired
somewhat. and lost .some of his. .speed.
Donovan forced him about the ring for a
time and evened up matters enough to get
a draw. The attendance was 4000. .
Neilf and Donovan Fight a Draw.
The Board of Health sent a communica
tion to the Board of Education yesterday
recommending that the auxiliary rooms
Of the Hearst Grammar School, on the
corner of Steiner and Herman streets, be
closed for a period of thirty days. Health
Officer O'Brien says that notwithstanding
the repeated fumigation of the rooms
sickness has increased among the pupils.
Outside Schoolrooms Unsanitary.
Boxer Dies' of "Athletes' Heart."
VICTORIA, B. C.. -Feb. '^.-Yokohama
papers report a fatality in connection with
Boxer, Jack Slavln's visit to that city.
The ex-champlon gave a boxing exhibition
in which one of his opponents was a
colored man named E. F. r Pad more. So
unequally matched -were the pair • that
Slavln told ' Pa"dmore to "hi.t harder" and
on his part did nothing more than • deal
what appeared to the spectators to be
playful taps. At the end of the bout Pad
more showed no signs of punishment, but
toward midnight he became weak, com
plaining of chills and- numbness and a
pain in the region of the heart. Dr. Tay
lor of the United States Naval Hospital
and two other doctors were called In but
in «plte of their efforts he grew Worse and
died at 1:30 a. m. A post morten resulted
in the cause of death being declared what
is popularly known as "athletes' heart."
The trial of Policeman Crackbbn, the of
ficer who shot and killed John Pedro in
the Mission on the night of January 24,
was commenced last .night before tho
Police Commissioners. Several witnesses
were examined. Attorney O'Connor ap
peared as counsel for the defendant.
Chief Wittman prosecuted Lieutenant An
derson's charges that Crackbon fired
the fatal shot when his life was not in
any danger. The witnesses examined last
night testified to the finding of the body
and to statements made by Crackbon to
them after the shooting. The case went
over until next Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock.
Policeman Crackbon's Trial.
Failed to Remove the House.
I\ G. somps nieu suit yesterday in the
Justices' Court to recover $&0 50 damages
from H. 8. Smith. Sumps alleges in his
complaint that Smith agreed to remove
a building from the corner of Twentv
seeond and Mission streets^ but neglected
to complete the work within the time re
yuired by the contract.
Arthur McGee, 22 years of age, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of burglary. Ha was accused of
breaking Into ,T. J. Hughes* restaurant.
344 • Third 'street. Policeman Heinz dls-»
covered him in the kitchen with his coat
and vest off and cooking eggs and oysters.
When asked what he was doing, McGee
replied that he was cooking hi3 supper.
He was under the Influence of liquor.
Hughes said he knew the young man's
father and only wanted the prisoner repri
manded and made to take the pledge for
a year.- This was done and the case di»
missed.
Burglary Charge Is Dismissed.
Another batch of men charged with ex
pectorating on the sidewalk appeared in
the Polite courts yesterday. As it was
tbeir first offense they were all discharged,
but warned that a second offense would'
entail a fine or imprisonment, as the ordi
nance would be rigidly enforced. Abra
ham Coh^n, one of the defendants, was
arrested while standing looking at a sign
in i he window of an employment office
on Commercial street warning people
againet violating the ordinance. He
pleaded that he could not read.
Zxpectorators in Court.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 4.— Ida Gertrude
Banning, daughter of Mr. and 'Mrs. Wil
liam L. Banning of this city and Gilbert
E. Gardner were married this afternoon.
Although both have a wide circle of
friends in Los Angeles, the bride having
been born ¦ in thl3 city. The ceremonies
were simple and only relatives of the two
families were present.
The bride comes from ono of the old
est and most prominent families in
Southern California, being a granddaugh
ter of General Phineas Banning, a pio
neer shipowner, and. in the early days,
owner of a. stage line operating between
this city. San Pedro, San Diego and Ari
zona. The town of .Banning was named
after him. . ¦¦.--, .
¦ Ida- Gertrudo Banning was educated in
Los Angeles, graduating from Hanna Col
lege. She hud considerable histrionic abil
ity and adopted the rttage aa a profession.
At her first public appearance, four years
ago. when she essayed the juvenile part
in "The White Squadron," put on i the
boards here by' the Alcazar Stock Com
uany of San Francisco, she met Mr. Gard
ner.. The latter was spending his sum
mer vacation with his parents in this
city 'and filled a vacancy in the company
during its engagement here. Mr. Gard
ner is at present juvenile man with the
Morosco Stock Company in San Fran
cisco. - ;
.Mr. and Mrs. Gardner left on the Owl
for San Francisco, where they will reside
during the remainder of the groom's en
gagement. When asked if she would still
follow the : profession in ; which she has
gained considerable favorable notice, the
bride replied: • ..
"Not unless I may join Mr. Gardner's
company."
WEDDING THE SEQUEL
I TO STAGE. ACQUAINTANCE
Debate on the oleomargarine bill con
tinued in the House to-day and the pros
pects are that a vote will not be reached
earlier than Thursday. The opponents of
the bill are making a strong light so far
as the presentation of argument is con
cerned. The speakers to-day were Tomp
kins New York; Robb, Missouri; Knapp,
New' York; Bates, Pennsylvania; David
son. Wisconsin: Driscoll, New York, and
Hepburn of Iowa in favor, and Cowherd
of Missouri. Lanham of Texas, Grosvenor
of Ohio and Kleberg of Texas against the
bill. - ' .
During the remainder of the day's ses
sion the urgent deficiency appropriation
bill was under consideration, the Philip
pine tariff measure being laid aside temi
porarily.
Hansbrough of North Dakota made a
spirited defense of Judge Arthur H. Noyes
of the District Court of Alaska, and Alex
ander McKenzie, upon whom an attack
was made in the Senate yesterday. This
precipitated a long discussion of the
Xoyes case, legal and technical, rather
than personal. No action could be taken
on this subject, but the discussion wiil be
continued to-morrow under the latitude
allowed when appropriation bills are
pending.
John F. Dryden. was inducted Into of
fice as the successor of the late Senator
William J. Sowell of New Jersey.
WASHINGTON*, Feb. 4.— After brief dis
cussion to-day the Senate passed the bill
providing for a 25 per cent increase in the
salaries of United States Judges. All
amendments were voted down. Including
one to Increase the salaries of Cabinet of
ficers from $8000 to $12,500 a year.
President Gompers, speaking* in behalf
of the Federation- of Labor, said he de
sired to correct the impression" that Chi
nes© exclusion was desired solely by the
Pacific Coast States.. He said It was
asked for by. all the organized wage^earn
ers, regardless of the section from which
they hail. . . .:¦
After fifteen years of careful study, he
said, it was his firm conviction that the
United States lost' her seamen because of
the treatment she gave them and he con
cluded by saying it was not- safe to put
the merchant marine of the Pacific Into
the hands of the Chinese. •
Asked to name the warships he' had re
ferred to, he. could recall but five and
mentioned the. Oregon, Iowa, Texas, New
York and Brooklyn. In response to ques
tions by Clay and Fairbanks, he said his
remarks applied to skilled seamen, re
gardless of nationality. On one occasion,
he said, he visited a Government ship at
tho. Washington navy-yard and out of
twenty-one men ¦ aboard her only one was
a native American. •
Furuseth, - in answer to Penrose, said
that the ship subsidy .bill as it stands
now would; not have. a tendency to bring
more sailors aboard I ships or to amelior
ate "or improve their condition. He de
clared that he had obtained information
from an official in the -Bureau of Naviga
tion of the navy that during the war with
Spain we had only six properly manned
warships. This led to considerable ques
tioning ,and : Fairbanks wanted to know
the name of that official .who gave this
information, but Furuseth could not re
call it, saying, however, it could easily
be ascertained. ¦ • •
Andrew. Furuseth, on, behalf of, the sea
men, spoke of the unreliability, of. the Chi
nese sailors in time of emergencies on
shipboard. He cited the collision between
the City of Chester and the Oceanic at
the Golden Gate. The former vessel,
manned, by. American seamen, was sunk,
but the Oceanic^ Chinese crew rendered
no assistance, having become terrorized,
and it remained for some of the American
sailors of the Chester to go to the Oceanic,
man her boats and enter upon the work of
rescue. -He ; alaa cited . the case of the
United States transport Lennox, disabled
in the Pacific, whose Chinese crew refused
to man the boats to bring assistance.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.-The Senate
Committee on Immigration to-day heard
further arguments on the subject of Chi
nese exclusion, es-Governot James H.
Budd of California appearing In behalf of
the Mltchell-Kahn bill, which he said was
simply a codification' of the statutes in
existence. He said there was nothing
radical in it. ." ¦ . ' '
Senate Acts in Matter
of Compensation
Increase.
Senate Committee Ad
vised About Con
duct of L rows.
The following named officers have ar
rived at the Presidio from Eastern sta
tions and assigned to temporary duty
with recruits pending their departure for
foreign service: Captain W. H. H. Chap
nsan. Twenty-fifth Infantry; Lieutenant3
H. L. James=, artillery corps; O. W. Eng
land, Sixth Infantry; R. W. Thompson.
First Infantry; M. M. Keck, Twelfth In
fantry; A. J. Booth, Second Infantry, and
Franklin S. Leisenring, Eleventh Infan
try.
Major Robert J. Gibson, United States
army inspector, has been appointed exam
iner of recruits, with headquarters in San
Francisco.
Major \\V W. Gilbert of the paymaster's
department has been assignea to duty In
tnis city.
ABM7 TEANSPOET GRANT
IS ORDEBED TO MANILA
In accordance with orders received from
the War Department the transport Grant
will sail from Manila next Saturday. The
only troops who mill leave for the Philip
pines at that time are 300 casuals, now on
temporary duty at the Presidio. The of
ficers who will accompany the detachment
are Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Noble,
Sixteenth Infantry; Captain F. P. Slviter.
quartermaster of the Twenty-eighth In
lantry; H. D. Blasland. Twenty-sixth In
fantry; Lieutenant II. D. Blasland. Twen
ty-sixth Infantry, and Lieutenant A. J.
Woods, Sixth Cavalry. The Grant will
make a three days' stop at Honolulu.
Washington— Albert G. Crltchfield, Alto,
fan or bla3t regulator; Naaman D. Hop
klnson, pneumatic protector; William
Scharnweber, assignor one-half to A. S.
Gross, Seattle, knob attachment. »'
Oregon— Otto Hoffmann, Portland, grass
catcher, attachment for lawn mowers;
Rudolph Joost.and B. T. George, Gates,
Insect destroying apparatus; James R.
Thompson, Portland, combined electric
switch and spark blowout mechanism.
These patents were Issued to-day: Cali
fornia — William Borrowe and J. Lumly,
San Francisco, Borrowe assignor to M.
E. Borrowe, Sausalito, machine for mold
ing plastic materials; Edward F. Carr,
Los Angeles, display box: Bee B. Claw
son, Oakland; hydrocarbon composition;
Ira G. Hoag-, Los Angeles, train' order
bcx; Kred S. and W. D. Jacks, San Fran
cisco, latter assignor to former, ¦ carbu
retor; Edwin F. Leilich, San Francitsco,
mechanical movement and bed motion for
cylinder printing machine.;; Francis T.
Lellich, San Francisco, button sewing
machine: Andrew W. Llvington, San
Francisco, soldering machine; Jose Lom
bardero, assignor one-half to M. Garchi,
San Francisco, music leaf turner; Wil
liam H. Nlemyer, Los Angeles, bicycle
lock; George W. Price, assignor one-half
to G. E. Harpham, Los Angeles, wrench;
Henry B. Ruggles. Redlands, assignor to
K. Stebler. Riverside, fruit brusher; Peter
H. Russell, Comptonville, current water
wheel; Joseph C. Sala and G. Stabile, San
Francisco, windmill; James E. Seeley, as
signor to W. W. Sweeney Company, Ixis
Artegeles, artificial limb- Leo.Stumpf, Co
vina, assignor to , W. w... Sweeney Com
pany, Los Angeles, stump socket for arti
ficial limbs; John A. Swenson, San Fran
cisco, mining dredge; Albert L. Towne
and E. F. Clough, Fresno, acetylene gas
generator; Nathan White, assignor to G.
White, Pasadena, and S. Rosseau, Slerra
ville, power transmitter and speed con
troller;' Clay G. Woodmansee, assignor
one-half to R. C. . Hamlin, Los Angeles,
blowpipe torch. ¦ ¦ .
Ex-Governor Budd of California ' ap
peared before the House Committee on
Foreign Relations to-day in advocacy of
the proposed Chinese exclusion law.
Washington: Increase— James R. Thom
as. Cleelum{ $8. Widow, . Indian wars —
Penlna Cardwell, Pataha City, $8.
These pensions -were granted: • Califor
nia: Original— George W. Williams, San
Francisco, $8: William Dougherty, Santa
Rosa, $C; David L. Murdock, San Diego,
$10. Increase— Jacob K. Van Ostrand, Sol
diers* Home, Los Angeles. $S; William I.
Trlllson, Veterans' Home, Napa, $17; Har
mon S. Hogoboom. Hollywood, $8. Origi
nal, widows— Laura Obllnger, San Fran
cisco. $8; Mary A. Newhouse, Arcata, $8.
Oregon: Increase— Christian Confer,
Victor. $10. ...
Army orders announce that Second
Lieutenant William McE. Walton of the
Thirteenth Infantry is ordered to Foit
Slocum for duty with recruits .to the
Philippines via San Francisco, and con
tract Dental Surgeon George H» Cassa
day. now In San Francisco, to duty in the
Philippines. Captain James Canby, pay
master, is relieved from temporary duty
at San Francisco and is ordered to St.
Louis.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The'Postofnce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmaster commissioned: Washington —
Cora E. Dunn, Winona. ¦-;
pines and More New Pensions
' . : " Granted. ;
Army Officers Ordered to the Philip-
OF INTEEEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
CHINESE FAIL
IN PERIL'S HOUR
LIVERPOOL;, Feb. 4.— Advices received
hero to-day say that the British steamer
Knight Companion, ashore . at Inuboye
Saki, Japan, will probably bdeome a total
loss... . ¦ ¦:• ; .-.-•. ': ¦'•: .'¦¦
PORTLAND, Feb. 4.— A cable dispatch
to tho Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company says the steamship Knight Com
panion, is ashore in the China Sea. near
Idzumi, Japan. All the. crew and passen
'gers were saved. The Knight Companion
is one of the regular line of steamers of
tho Portland and Asiatic Steamship Com
pany, which ply between Portland and tho
Orient in connection -with the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company. Her
gross tonnage is 4092.
Known at Portland, Will Be a
Total Loss.
Steamer' Knight " Companion, Well
VESSEL BUNS ASHORE
NEAB JAPAN'S COAST
Authority is given to the Interstate
Commerce Commission to hear complaints
against the fairness of such pooling ar
rangements and to make an order annul
ling the contract in the respects found ro
be unjust and unlawful. Failure to com
ply with the order will work the annul
ment of the contract. Proceedings by
writ of injunction are authorized against
any party disobeying the provisions of
the bill, and the offending party also la
made subject to a penalty o£ $10,000, to be
paid Into the treasury of th.e. United
States. - Wherfr railroads pass into a for
eign country authority Is given in addi
tion to the imposition of fines to suspend
the movement of trains within the United
States until the requirement shall, b*
complied with. • " ...
Authority Is given to the commission
to require the publication of traffic rates,
and where there is reasonable ground for
belief that freights or passengers are be
ing carried for less than the published
rates the commission Is authorized to be-
Kin proceedings in tho Circuit Court of
the United States, which court is re-,
quired to enforce an observance of the
published tariffs. These proceedings are
to be directed not only against the car
rier, but also . against the . other parties
Interested.
The section of the bill concerning pool
ing: provides that "It shall be lawful far
any two or more common carriers to ar
range between and among themselves for
the establishment or maintenance of
rates. It also shall be lawful for such
carriers to agree by contract in writing
filed: with the Interstate Commerce Com
mission upon the division of their traffic
or earnings or both."
The provision with reference to the fix
ing- of rates authorizes the Interstate
Commerce Commission to hear complaints
of discrimination made against common
carriers, and directs that any definite or
der made by the commission after such
hearing declaring- a rate regulation or
practice to be just and reasonable* shall
become operative and be observed by the
party or parties against whom it is made
within thirty days after notice. Appea!
to the United States Circuit Courts and
to the Supreme Court of the United
States is authorized. Th© latter court is
given authority to suspend or revoke a
rate order maae by tne commission upon
application by parties affected, and all
such orders are limited to one yfiax'n
duration.
WASHINGTON". Feb. 4.-Senator El
kins, chairman of the Interstate Com
merce Committee, to-day introduced a
bill making a number of changes In the
Interstate commerce law, the most Im
portant of which are the following: Giv
ing the Interstate Commerce- Commission
authority under certain conditions to fix
railroad rates and legalizing pooling.
state Commerce Committee
of the Senate.
Suggestions Are Made by the Inter-
PLANNING ADJUSTMENT
OF RAILWAY RATES
The following are among the names at
tached to the petition: Carl Schurz,
George. ' F. Edmunds, Judson Har
mon, J. Sterling Morton, George S.
Boutweli, Charles F. Adams, W. D. How
ells, Samuel Clement,;, the: Rev. G. H.
Parkhurst, W. Bourke Cockran, Robert
Treat Paine, Bishop Huntington, I Bishop
Vincent, Anson Phelps Stokes, John Bur
roughs and William Lloyd Garrison.; In
cluded in the list are the names of thirty
six professors in the Chicago Universi ty
and a number of other, educators. .
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Senator Hoar
to-day presented a petition signed by a
number of distinguished citizens of, this
country for the \ suspension of hostilities
in the Philippines and asking that an op
portunity be given for a discussion of the
situation between the .Government and
the Filipino leaders.
Hostilities in Philippines.
CONFERENCE IS SUGGESTED.
Senator Hoar Asks for Suspension of
This led him to speak of the triats of
the Filipinos, one of which he said is cru
elty. He had been told by the American
army officers of many instances of muti
lation of the corpses of. our soldiers. This
being true, it was not surprising that
there had been some retaliation on the
part of some- of the small bands of sol
diers. He had heard of no charge of mu
tilation, but there were probably some
cases of unnecessary killing, some cases
of whipping and some cases of what is
called the "water cure," a method of pun
ishment consisting of pouring water down
the throats of men until they would; swell
up, and- becoming frightened would tell
what they might know, aSt forinstohce,
to wher.t! guns could . be secured. In
this connection he called attention to the
orders of General MacArthur as to these
practices, which were, he said, very strict.
When these infractions of propriety had
occurred he was sure'they had been in the
face of direct orders to the contrary.
"I venture to say that there is not a
Filipino general or commanding officer
who could not be convicted of responsible
ity for the killing of their people." .
Governor Taft also said that the great
majority of the people of the islands de
sire peace, and that the insurrectionists
we're by their acts preventing the mass
of the people from settling down and
earning a quiet living. Instead of being
allowed to do this they are kept under a
system of terrorism, which should be
stopped.
Tho condition of activity continued un
til the last Presidential election in the
United States, said the Governor. Th6 in
surgents believed that if Bryan should be
elected there would be a change of pol
icy and the islands surrendered, . placing
those who were in insurrection in charge,
but when McKinley was elected there was
a feeling that there would be an indefinite
retention of the archipelago and that the
system then in force would be continued.
Discussing the effect of the guerrilla
warfare Governor Taft said it often re
sulted In the murder of , the Filipinos
themselves. ' • ' . r
"The war has been all over in these isl
ands, and that which remains is a crime
against civilization. It is also a^ crime
against the Filipino people to keep up a
st ate of war under the circumstances.
They have worn out the right to -any
treatment but that which is severe and
within the laws of war."
Aguinaldo >aid that if he did not kill
Luna, Luna would kill him. Indeed, the
custom was to order a man's death in his
absence and have him killed upon his re
turn. The presence of these I guerrilla
bands rendered tt' necessary to placo gar
risons everywhere, there being at one
time as many as 500 of them. This ren
dered the work .before the army very
arduous, and the activity, the skill and
the bravery .of the American troops were
such as to soon render the enemy tired o£
warfare. Speaking of the military policy
in the Philippines Governor Taft said:
Then, in order to give the army its just
due, he took up and analyzed its work in
the islands. He recalled that as soon as
General Otis had received reinforcements
sufficient for his purposes the Philippine
army had broken up and scattered into
gue.rrllla bands. On this point Agtiinaldo
and Luna had differed,. Luna advocating
the continuance, of the war on the old
lines. So sharp was this difference, he
said, that Aguinaldo, had directed and se
cured : the assassination* of. Luna, thus
leaving- the way open for the carrying out
of his own plans. He would not, he said,
report the incident if it had not been posi
tively reported to him by General I'uns-.
ton.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— Governor Taft
to-day continued his narrative before- tho
Senate Committee on the Philippines con
cerning conditions in the Philippine arch
ipelago. Referring to his testimony of yes
terday, he said he feared he had given a
wrong impression concerning the part tho
army had played In bringing the insurrec
tion to an end, but if so this was due to
the fact that he could not present a cor
rect impression ' of tho whole situation
from one point of view.
Civil Governor of the
Philippines Tells of
the Warfare.
Policeman J. F. Welch testified that he
had known the defendant for twenty-two
yea/s. He 5aid that complaints had been
made of loud noises in the sanitarium and
he had been detailed Jo watch the place
carefully. He had done so for an hour or
half hour at a. time and never heard any
unusual noises. He used to hear Mrs.
Guggenheim's parrot making considerable
noi«e during the day. The case will be
continued Kcbruarv 17.
Charles Worthington, James Ross?. Mrs.
M. Patenaude and Mrs. Bertha Walsh tes
tified to having visited friends or relatives
in the institution at different times and
never heard any unusual noises. Mrs. Pa
tenaude said her son had been at St.
Mary's Hospital and the sisters had rec
ommended the defendant's institutiou to
her.
Mrs. Mary Smith, a servant at the In
stitution, whom Mrs. Alma Keith said she
had sern dragged around the yard by the
iiair of her head, testified that no such
thing had occurred. She testified that she
had always been treated with the utmost
kindness. She further said ghe never
heard any unusual noises.
Witnesses for the defense in the case*
of Mrs. Reeves Atkinson, charged with
maintaining- a nuisance in the shape of a
private sanitarium at 1S15 Sutter street,
were heard yesterday afternoon by Judge
Fritz.
No Unusual Noises at Her
Sanitarium.
"Witnesses Testify to Having 1 Heaid
MRS. BEEVES ATKINSON
OFFERS STRONG DEFENSE
• James B. Stobie, a resident of Klamath
County, Oregon, was called to the stand
and asked as to "Bob" Courtwright's
reputation in Oregon, but tho questions
were ruled out. The witness was then
asked if on the 15th of May last he had
not. seen John - Hutton on the road near
Tuie Lake (on the border line between
Oregon and California). The prosecution
objected and an argument which lasted
all the afternoon followed. Both sides in
troduced many authorities to support
their claims, and the question had. not
been decided when the court adjourned.
Judge Harrington revoked the order and
permitted Judge Spencer to return to-the
courtroom. . . ,
Boyd of the prosecution, who is from
Lassen County, arose and asked the court
to revoke tWe order . for imprisoning
Spencer, as he was an old, gray-haired
man. He said that in Lassen County. Mr.
Spencer was looked upon as the "daddy"
of the bar and that he (Boyd, being one
of tho younger members of that bar, took
the liberty of asking Judge Harrington
to let Mr. Spencer's offense pass.
Boyd. Pleads : for Spencer.
Raker begged the indulgence of the
court and asked him. to- revoke his order.
The court said he was sick and tired of.
tho insults that had been piled upon him
by the attorneys for tho defense; that
just as the affairs of court settled down
to a calm basis some one of the attorneys
for tho defense had to ¦ thr<5w fat on the
fire and rekindle the flames; that there
was a limit to patience; that his every
action had been construed by the counsel
for the defense as opposed to the-de
fendant, "Jim" Brown, and that he would
not stand any further insults and abuse.
Mr.' Boyd. please get the remarks of Mr.
Spenoer from the i reporter and .write out a
commitment. Mr. Spencer will go to jail until
6 o'clock to-night. '. . ¦ . - - .
Spencer continued his sarcastic reflec
tions and was cut off .by the court threat
ening him with punishment for contempt.
Spencer — I'll talk aa long as he does. I won't
be shut off from replying to his remarks.
The Court — Mr. Sheriff, take Mr. Spencer
from the room. ' . ¦ ''
Spencer— Jail is a palace compared to this
court. Take me out of the presence of this
court and I'll be happy.
The Court. (excitedly)— What's that? What a
that? Calljilm backA. ; ; .;r/.; ':*-.- .-.i '««»¦?-.
And addressing Attorney Boyd for the
prosecution th© court said:
Fost— If this case ever goes to the Supreme
Court we will meet you on the point of your!
trying to introduce such testimony. ,
Spencer— And we will meet you. You cant
ehut us out with your Sacramento laws.
Sturtevant — Sacramento laws, yes; because
the .Legislature made them there. % ._ -
Post brought out the fact that the wit
ness had testified before the Grand Jury
that he had been advised by his attor
neys that ''If they (the Grand Jury) pin
you too hard tell them you will not an
swer until you have 'consulted with your
attorneys." • •
When the afternoon session began Ra
ker again attempted to introduce the
Grand Jury testimony.
Quarrel Is Later Resumed.
As soon as court opened this morning
Raker precipitated the usual row by mak
ing application to the court to be per
mitted to read from Jervus Kresge's tes
timony before the Grand Jury. Judge
Harrington ruled that the defense might
question the witness only on such mat
ters as might explain any discrepancy be
tween the testimony given ontne stand
and that given betore the Grand Jury.
Incidentally he remarked that the. court
was as strong as the Rock of Gibraltar
and when once a ruling was made it could
not be changed by any sophistries ami
tricks by Raker to inject into the case
old questions under new covers. ¦• . ¦
Raker continued to argue, and the
court threatened to dismiss the jury from
the room if ha did not cease. . .
After the court had ruled Post ex
plained that the prosecution did not desire
to shut -witnesses off from making state
ments in explanation of any testimony
given in the present case before- the
Grand Jury or at the Coroner's inquest.
Raker protested 'that the question had
been closed and that the remarks of Tost
were out of order.
. post — Mr. Raker can't see the difference be
tween my statement and an arguments
Raker— That is a nice remark to come from
the Attorney General's representative— a nice
remark to come from such a legal mind. ¦
Post — It does not bo to a legal > mind, no w-
The Court — Some members of the counsel be
fore this bar should be transported to Dahomey
to learn something-.
ALTURAS, Feb. 4.— Lawyer John E.
Raker's persistency ' in endeavoring to
have placed on record . several portions of
Jerv.us Kresge's testimony before the
Grand Jury resulted this afternoon in hl3
associate, E. V. Spencer, being sent, from
the courtroom and later being . sentenced
to several hours in jail for contempt' of
court. Afterward Judge Harrington
rescinded the jail order, merely humiliat
ing Spencer to the , extent of _ excluding
him from the courtroom for a short time.
Szseclal Dfspatch'to The Call.
Following is a list of the losses: Amer
ican Tent and Awning Company, 525,000;
McLean & Tate. loss on building. $35,000;
Herman Ruppelt, job printer, $10,000; scat
tering, $3000.
The building in which the .fire originated
was located in the' old. business section of
the city and was about fifty years old.
The blaze, which proved a hard one for
the fire department to 'master, had been
got practically under control, when sud
denly the building- collapsed. Three pipe
men, at work on the second floor, had
had difficulty in managing a line of hose
and Assistant Chief Thierry was on his
way with three of his men to lend them
aid. The men went down with tons of
twisted iron, brick and wooden columns
enveloping them. -
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 4.— At least ten men
were killed and as many, more injured-.at
a fire which broke out to-night in the
seven-story stone and'brick building at 214
Chestnut street, occupied by the Amer
ican Tent and Awning Company. The
building suddenly collapsed and the half
dozen men were caught in the crash.
Search is being made for the bodies by
friends of tho men. The dead arc: .'- .
t AUGUST THIERRY, first assist
ant chief, caught in the ruins.
MICHAEL KEHOE, assistant
foreman Company No. 13, caught in
luins.
DANIEL STEELE, foreman of No.
3 2 Company, qaught in ruins.
WILLIAM DTJNTJON, pipeman.
CHARLES X. KRENNING, pipe
man.
PATRICK BERGEN, assistant
foreman.!
Three pipemen, names unknowx..
The- injured are: Frank Lingo, driver of
No. 6 aerial truck, thrown from truck
while .working forty feet above the
ground, seriously injured; Monroe Moore.
Inspector for the Imperial Electric Light
-Company, badly injured .by falling
through a shaft; Patrick McCarthy, en
gineer company No. 6, caught by falling
walls, seriously hurt: William Julieb,
Marshal Thierry's driver, caught by fall
ing wall, seriously hurtr William' Wand,
foreman, company No. 23, severely injured
by falling walls.
I think a splendid advertisement for the
State would b» a luncheon - every day with
California fruit and California wines served.
We have the finest forestry specimens In
the world, and owing to St. Louis being so near
to us we will take live specimens back with
us and place them In the exhibition. One speci
men will be a sugarpine twelve feet in diame
ter. We would have liked to have taken speci
mens of forestry back to Paris, but it was im
practicable. St. Louis being so near we will
have no difficulty in making a splendid show-
Ing in forestry there.
There is onlv one more remark I would like
to make: The California Legislature does not
mept until January" of next year and it will
then be too late to make an appropriation.
What we would like now is for counties to
make appropriations to boom their districts.
Should they spend money in this way we will
have all the more left to spend In other chan
nels. Several counties have already communi
cated with me and have appropriated hand
some sums' toward the exhibition. I am also
very anxious to get horticulturists and others
to make donations.
County Exhibits Desired.
The Southern Pacific Company has already
dispatched a representative to Manila to col
"lect specimens of cabinet woods from the Phil
ippine Islands. The great fault with California,
at the present time Is tho dearth of 'cabinet
•woods We feel, however, that -when a con
servative trade is established between this
country and Manila San Francisco will be the
1 great cabinet wood center of the United States.
We intend to have a large globe made, -which
will show the great importance of San Fran
| Cisco as a commercial port, and owing to our
liberal allowance we intend to have some large
i niaps made alf=o. We have as an attraction
eplendid biograph pictures of the ferry-boats
i on San Francisco Bay and our street-car sys
; terns. We will also take fine pictures of the
I splendid forests of California and moving pic
tures of scenes in Golden Gate Park. On a
special day we will ask the residents of San
Francisco who own private equipages to as
semble in Golden Gate Park and we will take
a blograph picture . of the scene to let the
Kastera people 1 know that we are not behind
the times. ~
Typical San Francisco Scene.
The Southern Pacific Company has received
a very liberal appropriation from President
Harriman for the St. Louis Exposition, wnicli
opens In April of next year. Wo hav« already
made application for two spaces in the exposi
tion. One will be for an exhibition in a pa
vilion, showing the resources ot the States ana
Territories that the Southern Pacific passes
over; the other space will be used in making
a good representation of San Francisco s posi
tion in the commercial world.
You must, understand that San Francisco is
the western terminus of the Harriman system
of roadS and it is the wish of the president
to give all visitors an Idea of the Importance
of this city. In the State and Territory ex
hibit California. Oregon. Nevada. Texas and
Louisiana will be represented.
For the' St Louis exhibit Texas ha* appro
priated $750,000 and Colorado $700,000. the lat
ter spending it all for a splendid mining dls-
Plaj
The Southern Pacific Company, through
the generosity of President E. H. Harri
man. intends . to ¦ make a splendid exhibit
at the St. Louis fair which will be of.
great benefit to California, and especially
to San Francisco. W. H. Mills, land
agent of the company, will have charge of
the exhibit. He says of the matter:
TAFT ADVISES
SHARP ACTION
MoSes A. Hearne was 69 years of age.
He b/td followed mining for many years
and . success. He died owning prop
erty in Delamar, Nevada City and . other
places, and with $40,000 cash in a local
bank. The heir to all this property is his
only iiving relative, a son, John F. Hearne
of Redding and Dunsmuir. Twelve or
flfteen years ago Hearne went to Shasta
County and located the Hearne group of
copper claims near Kennett.. The Shasta
King is the principal mine of the group.
The enlire group was sold to the Trinity
Copper Company about a year, ago for
$30,000.
Hearne was a living thermometer.. He
lived for years at Nevada City and
worked as an amalgamator and assayer
until his system absorbed so much mer
cury that his final years' brought frequent
pain. Pie was keenly, sensitive to changts
m the weather and in winter suffered
acutely with .rheumatism of his joints.
In warm weather he raised erect to his
full six feet 2 inches. On a cold day he
could -hardly move about and his whole
nature was at the lowest ebb. He de
clared that he absolutely reflected the
size and dropping of the mercury in' his
system.
Moses A. Hearne, one of the best known
mining, men in this State, died early yes
terday morning at the Golden West Ho
tel. He had been ailing for several
months, and his death was not un
expected. • •
The crowd about the undertaking es
tablishment became so great that the
doors were closed by the police on ! ac
count of the crush. Thousands of people,
mostly -women, were unable to gain ad
mission to view the bodies, and for sev
eral hours after the closing of the doors)
hundreds lingered about the place, hop
ing, that the doors would be opened again.
Many women carried flowers for the dead,
which they left with the undertaker to b«
placed on the grave to-morrow.
On the caskets" of the Blddle3 were
sprig3 of fern and white carnations sent
for the, purpose by some woman whose
identity is unknown. The flowers . were
sent to- the undertaker, with the request
that they be placed upon the caskets,
and that it be known everywhere that
they were the gift of a woman.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. t-From ? to 13
o'clock to-day the bodies of John { and
Edward Biddle were exposed to public
view at an undertaking . establishment
and' several thousand persons passed be
fore the coffins. In the crowd were prob
ably as many women as men. The burial
will take place to-morrow morning in one
large grave in Calvary Cemetery. No ar
rangements have as yet been made for
the attendance of a priest or minister.
Robb told her he was a friend of her
husband and would like to lighten the
burden of his sorrow and disgrace, but
could not make any definite promise to
her at this time. When she had finished
her pleadings Robb questioned her with
particular reference to the places where
the party took refuge in their flight. She
listened, but refused to make any reply
that, would incriminate' those who wer«
conriected with the plot.
•In tears and piteous pleading she mad*
this request to Assistant District Attor
ney Rcbb of Allegheny County in the hos
pital here to-day. She said she would go
anywhere to have the punishment meted
out to her for her crime. She Is willing
to meet any fate the law may place upon
her, but does not want . the punishment
administered in the Courthouse across the
street from her old home. ¦ She beggetl
and pleaded with Robb for almost two
hours to grant her this much. She
begged in the name of her husband, who
is Kobb's friend, and told him that hsr
husband "was in no way to blame fur her
shameful conduct. '
BUTLER, Pa., Feb.' 4.— Realizing that
she has. ruined her husband, Mrs. Soffel
does not wish to bring further disgrace
and-humiliation upon him. Sho now de
sires a change of venue when she faces
justice. " ¦ • ' • ¦¦ , . ¦ "¦¦
JUDGES GAIN
HIGHER SALARY
As a member of the football team Ford
was accorded the privileges of the club
and was entered on the books as an
"athletic member." As soon as the board
of directors learned Ford or Davis' true
character they expelled him for "non-pay
ment of dues." Ford has cards for other
clubs, but will not be able to use the
magic pasteboards to gain admission to
tlio exclusive organizations. He created
a wido swath in local society on nothing.
Wh*riev£r he desired to dine out or at
tend a cotillon' hp had 10 hire a dress suit.-
The following day he would dispel his
dream" of happiness by returning the
clothes. • Thosp gentlemen who stood
sponsor for Ford will have a nice time
explaining their conduct.
Ford's method of operating in Indian
apolis was to secure an introduction to
some prominent society women, usually
married, and after securing a ring or
jewel from her pawn it. His dupes never
dared call him to account for fear he
would compromise them. He was arrested
at one time and but for the aid extended
him by a rich relative would have suf
fered long imprisonment. His picture was
taken at that time and duplicates were
sent over the country. A set adorns the
archives of the local police department. I
On December 19 he "registered at the
exclusive Knickerbocker. Hotel, on Van
Ness avenue, giving as references the
names of several highly connected people
of' the city. During his residence at the
Knickerbocker he was enabled to run up
a bill-wltb. Kelly Brothers, the liverymen.
It was in consequence of his indebted
ness to them that trouble ensued and he
was told by Mrs. Robinson that his room
was required. Ford left a two weeks' bill
behind him.
On November 10 Ford registered at the
Eugene House, on O'Farrell street, in
forming the proprietor that he had been
engaged to appear at the Orpheum. On
the strength of that assertion he was al
lowed to run up a bill of $30.
At 'the Palace Ford posed as a Ndw
York business man. He made himself
affable to all with- whom he came in con
tact and it was not until he was accomo
dated with a loan of JSO by a young
Southerner, a tourist from Tennessee,
that the slightest suspicion fell upon him.
He failed to return the sum and left the
hostelry.
The expose of this "social highwayman"
has created a sensation in social and club
circles. Although Ford has been here but
three months ne has by suave address
and abaundant nerve lormed acquaint
ances among the leading set of this city.
Ford made his first appearance here on
November 7 last. He arrived in the com
pany of D. Beeman of chewing gum lame
and took up quarters at the Palace. He
posed as a graduate of Cornell and gave
out the information that he had played
end 'on his college team. The Olympic
Club was looking- for strong material tor
its eleven and Ford was quickly engaged.
He proved a good player and was picked
to so to Hawaii with the team, but un
fortunately for him the trip fell through.
Society has received an awful shock to
its refined sensibilties. Discussion is rife
at teas over the fact that Paul Davis
Ford, alias H. F. Davis, alias Frohman,
alias Jules Harvey Ford, and many other
aliases, who is well known to the polico
of the large Eastern cities, had been re
ceived and dined by the first families of
this city. Society discovered too late that
the suave young Easterner, who ingra
tiated himself into the good ' graces of
matron and belle, and partook of hospi
tality willingly extended, had been In
prison for various offenses and that his
picture reposed in the rogues' gallery of
the Indianapolis police.
Mr. Collins, who is president of the
local Y. M. C. A., left with Mrs. Collins,
tr.e Rev. E. E. Baker, Mr. and Mrs. H. J.
McCoy of the San Francisco Y. M. C. A.
and Mr. and Mrs. Kling on the morning
train for Los Angeles.
William Lair Hill corroborates Mr.
Richardson in regard to the refusal to
postpone, but pays that he could not con
sent to the proposition. He says he pro
posed to take the deposition last week,
but that this was not satisfactory to his
opponents. He says also that he tried to
serve a subpena, but couldn't.
J. B. Richardson and Henry Ach, Mr.
Collins' attorneys, were uotiiied a week
ugo by William Lair Hill, the commis
sioner, that the deposition wouid be tanen
To-day. On behair of their client tney
askca that the taking ot it be postponed
until alter his return irom the conven
tion* but according to the attorneys tins
request was deniea. Hut in me meantime
Mr. Collins was nc-t served with a suii
pena. so he was not bound to attend tins
morning.
"I think the other side thought the no
tice to the attorneys representing Mr.
Collins was sufficient," said Mr. Richard
son in explanation, '"and forgot about the
subpena. We'll be ready, however, after
tls return from the south."
D. Edward Collins' deposition was to
have been taken to-day to assist the cas-i
of Dr. George C. Pardee. Henry P. Dal
lon, G. B. Daniels and other members of
the inquirer Publishing Company, which
he is suing for au accounting, but when
that gentleman's name was called at 10
o'clock in William Lair Hill's office,
where Mrs. Sarah M. Stccle. a notary,
¦was ready to proceed, there was no re
sponse. The reason for Mr. Collins" non
appearance was that he had not been
served with a subpena and had more
pressing business at Pasadena, where he
is a delegate to the State convention of
me Young Men's Christian Associations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 4.
Friends of the Victims Search
for Bodies in the
Ruins.
Money Is Appropriated by
Southern Pacific for the
Purpose.
Leaves a Valuable Estate to a
Son, Who Resides at
Redding.
Clever Eastern Schemer. Cuts
Wide Swath in Local
Society Circles.
Lawyer Boyd's Plea Prevents
Jailing of Aged Counsel
for Moddc Men.
Opponents Refuse Consent to
Postponement and He
Leaves for South.
Mrs. Soffel Is Penitent, but
. Will Not Make Dis
closures.
Harriman Will See That
California Is Repre
sented There,
Companion of the Biddies
Asks for Change
of Venue
Paul Ford Proves to Be a
"Social Highwayman"
and Impostor.
D. Edward Collins Fails
to Appear to Give
Deposition.
Ten Men Killed and
Many Injured at St.
Louis Blaze.
Then Judge Harrington
Relents and Rescinds «
Commitment.
Moses A. Hearne, a Weil-
Known Miner, Dies
at His Hotel.
LARGE EXHIBIT
FOR ST. LOUIS
WOMAN PLEADS
FOR A FAVOR
ORDERS SPENCER
AWAY TO PRISON
FALLING WALLS
CRUSH FIREMEN
HIS SUFFERINGS
END IN DEATH
PICTURE ADORNS
POLICE ALBUM
OUT OF REACH
OF SUBPENAS
THE SAN VIKANCISCG CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1902.
Pyrography Outfits
And all kinds of Artists' Materials.
Paints, Brushes, , Canvas Studies- and
Skfhs and Wood to' burn. We are agents
for > Winsor & I Newton, - makers I of t the
best Artists' Materials in the worldr- Come
to headquarters. for everything wanted in
the Artists' Material, line. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. • ..-...- ¦ • .
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Thomas M. Hum
phrey, formerly ,a well known business
man of this city, died .to-day at his home
126 Athol avenue. A widow, son and
daughter survive >• him, the latter being
Miss Pearl Ola Humphrey,, the actress.
The deceased was 56 years old and a na
tive of Minneapolis. He was a former
member of the firm of C. F. Weber &
Co. of San Francisco. ...
Former Business Man Dies.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Licenses to ! marry
were Issued to-day to Frederick T.; Lar
sen, 21 -years,. Alameda, and Eugenie T.
Heron, 21, San Francisco; Elisha B. Car
rier Jr.,*28, Covina, and -Edith"* Youngs; 28,
Berkeley; Fred Schultz Jr.; over 21, and
Emma Walter, over 18. both of Oakland ;
•Tames \V. Berry, 48, Sierra Valley, and
Elizabeth M. Newton, 40, * Berkeley;! Al
bert iE. Hall. < 25, and ¦ Harriet < M. " Moore/
24, both of Hay wards; Henry 'N. ;; Cooper,
over ; 21, Oakland, and 'Fannie M.' Strong,
over. 18. Berkeley. :•,-;
Licensed to Marry.
9
AD VKKT1S BTiirmffTS.
will give your
baby health,
strength and a good
development.
Send for a free sample of Mellin's Food.'
Mellia's Food Company, Boston, Mas*.
"The most -wonderful medicine for all
bronchial affactlon'."— Hov. MJM.rzKRY,
Castle Grey, Limerick, Ireland.
BIIOWH'S BRONCHIAL
POSTUM CEREAL.
WASN'T CURED.
Didn't Get Well of Anything.
"I spent three weeks with a friend in
Dayton last winter. She was using
Postum Coffee exclusively as a beverage
at meals. I said, 'I thought you were so
fond of coffee that you could not be in-
duced to give it up?' 'Well.' my friend
said, 'we got to liking this Postum Cof-
fee, for it serves as a food as well as a
beverage, and we have all felt so much
better since leaving off the old coffee.'
"I learned to make the Postum and
made it fine, so when I went home I be-
gan to serve It to my husband instead of
the old-fashioned coffee. \ About a week
afterward I asked him how .be liked the
coffee, and told him I had been trying a
new kind. He says. T think it Is most
excellent, .is it Mocha or Java or a mix-
ture?' 1 told JiJm that It was the famous
Postum we had read bo much about and
he most jumped from his chair in sur-
prise, but the charge has become a fix-
ture and he will never give up Postum
and go back to the old-fashioned coffee,
for we not only like it better, but we feel
¦o much better in every way." This
lady's name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich. ,THE S&N FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1902.
10
HELP WAWTED-^MAJLE — Con.
WANTED— Recruits for the* marine corps. "U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 3.». not
I less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 f est 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — A -competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary • and where employed.
Box 2279, Call office. _^ ;
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires. 8 weeks: to?l? donated :
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. \
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have f>0O second-hand
shoes for sale. SOc up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Ptreten
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.Alt.
BAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 863 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL slz«- men's sho«s. slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia »t.
HORSES AXD WAt^OXS.
JUST arrived— 72 head well broke horses:
weight from 1150 v to 1500 lbs.: suitable for
"laundry, express,'' milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. : auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SANTA ROSA sal» and stock yard: homes,
harness and buggies bought and sold. 1499
Market st., cor. Eleventh. Phone South 864.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, slnjrle; also' light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NO. 1 express wagon for sale cheap for the>
want of use. 2513 Sutter st >^,.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
NEMAN'S.,109 Sansome st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
SHOTWELL, 1111 — 6 or 6 rooms; hot air heat-
er; piano. Call after 4 p. m. to 6 p. m.
HYGIEX1C HAIR TREATS! EXT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you — ¦
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
. by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 30. 139 Post it, Liebea building.
3IATIUMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
LOST A.VD FOUND.
LOST — On Castro st, near 20th. black water
spaniel with white spot; name on collar.
Edward Lyman. 2723 . Pacific ave. Return
to 6S0 Castro St.; $5 reward.
LOST — A ladies' gold watch between Guerrero
and Dolores sts. on Sixteenth st; reward.
3235 Sixteenth st.
LOST — Plain gold bracelet, Monday night; re-
ward. 2740 Pine st.
LOST — Gold ring -with 6 diamonds, fob and
locket; initials F. R. S20 Sansome st. ; re-
ward. ,
LOST — Saturday, breast pin, pearl center; re-
ward. VANDERSLICE & CO.. 136 gutter.
BUTTRESSES AXD PIUOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421.
MEUICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken: the most ob»tinata
cases have been relieved by my medic&i treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; i*lief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sex treated: blood
diseases cured. 10 to 30 (lays. DR. G. VS.
O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases: takes ladles
before and during confinement: best care;
confinement $15: rm., board, $5 wk.: Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resid., 60e Guerrero, nr. 18th: tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladiea' specialist;
. 30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, nsar Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'FarreU st.
DR. and MRS. TVEGENER. ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly at 1312 Golden Gale ave.; now
at It2 Mason st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 1228 Market St.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
.years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and 7 MRS. DA VIES' original
'method of treatment: maternity home; home
In confinement; 1120 Market St.". S. F. .:.< -*. "¦
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Rell&bla ladles'
specialist; a private boma before and during
confinement; best medical <are; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st., opposits
Union square: alt diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AND MIXING.
OOPPErTKING MIN1NG~*SYNDICATe!
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
A REPORT OF PROGRESS;.
The following extract from report of work
done to January 22 Is of Interest to share-
holders and others. The full report' will be
mailed on request:
"TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 27.
"Owing to the lateness of the season, we
established camp on the eastern side of our
property and built a mile of trail. We have
a comfortable camp — bunkhouses, cookhouse,
toolhouse, and will soon have a stable with
accommodations for 15 horses. • • • We
have driven one entry 44 feet through hard
rock, but are now into a softer rock, which
Is a sort of gangue between the country
rock and the vein. This entry Is being
driven to reach a vein of ore which show3
over 100 feet on the surface, and gave an
assay of $12 SO per ton, principally gold.
This vein can be traced for 20CO feet through
the 'Stray Beauty Extension', and 'Lourette'
claims. We confidently expect to reach this
vein ten feet from the end of our present
workings. We have commenced a new entry
100 feet lower on the vein above mentioned,
and are In 15 feet We expect to reach the
vein about 40 feet from the beginning of the
" tunnel. There Is also a large vein of goid-
\ bearing quartz on the 'Stray Beauty" which
we shall endeavor to open as soon as cir-
cumstances will permit. This vein is well
defined, is 60 feet wide, and runs parallel
' to the one on which we are now working.
There. Is also a large vein visible on the
'Ben G'. claim, another on the 'Sulphide.'
and a five-foot vein on the 'Ruby Jewel.'
All these veins can be worked from our
present camp. The veins referred : to ar«
gold-bearing quartz. On the 'Mlnne Bay,'
'Lawton' and 'Mountain Chief cU.ims are
several large veins of copper ore. None of
these latter claims can be opened now ow-
-» Ing to the snow.
"It Is the Intention of the Syndicate to In-
stall a power plant for drills as econ as a
• sufficient quantity of rich ore hs.s been
opened to admit of shipping. • • • it u
' only a question of energetic and systematic
development work when our properties will
show great mineral wealth.
< "R. E. McFARLAND, President."
1 PRICES WILL GO UP.
PRICES WILL GO UP.
PRICES WILL GO UP.
vwhen the second' tunnel above referred to
reaches the vein the Company will be war-
ranted in • making a sharp advance in the
price of shares. While the present rate Is
.' 6c cash or 6c on Installments, we reserve
the right to withdraw these quotations with-
out notice.
Send for prospectus and report, and the
. chances are you will buy shares before the
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
820-1-2-3 Hayward building, cor. California
and Montgomery sts.. San Francisco. Cal.
1000 MONTEZUMA copper shares. 25c share;
. must be sold: need money. Box 3204, : Call.
.GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Kxaminer bl* i*
F. : branch office. Nome. Ala«kn.
MIXING AXD ASSAYING."
FOR sale— Property of the" Live Oak Console
- dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north of Aubum-^2
p *^ el i te , d ». clalm8 ' , 8 - sran »P ' quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
.for inspection. Further particulars from. A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
JJENT1STS.
A— DR.- T. S. HIGGINS. 027 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentietry at reason- j
able prices: pure gold fillings, 1 $1 50; other fill- i
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a- full set of teeth that look . natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless ~ extraction. ¦ ' - '
I do first-class wcrk only and guarantee it. j
EIGHT prizes f.->r best crowns, plates, bridges ;
and fillings; extractions or. fillings by my '
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free;' pricss
cheapest and guaranteed; lady ' attendants..
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. j
ELKCTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
fl to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st., cor. Mason —
' Expert, palnleas extractors; skilled operators;
pas riven; lady attendant. R.C.ANDERSON,
D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — Tho Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years: crowns, $3 50;fllllngs,60o{
plates $5 full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth bt.
PARIS Dental Parlor!", 235 Kearny, cor. Bu?h —
Full set of teeth, f.4; crowns, $3; filling-;, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st; expert
* .workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. " H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. __.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
lesa ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. deg soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
I^ALD^S^raoTDL^olFirL^CTRHAiriiN^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
pract leal ; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market j
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
. tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, i
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers; I
new 'typewriters; positions secured; cat. Iree. j
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market st— Big j
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on '
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. ' • :
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, ' President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. :
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution," specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell ex.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bids.; individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 505 Larkin St.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth St.
LESSONS on the accordion desired from a.
competent teacher. Box 322S, Call office. \
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives 1
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter. j
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, I
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BPANISH, French, etc. Prof. De.Filippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dlS71;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
•ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine nt.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F.:
founded 1K63: new sn-T»»fr>> catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT J^FFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S501.
CHIJCESE and Japanesrf help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE end Chineie best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tej. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter-.tel. Black 5072.
E31PLOY3IEM' WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT nurse desires engagements by
the^day or week; massage by the hour; 16
months' hospital training; highest references;
terms, reasonable. Call 605 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
AN- experienced dressmaker on ladies' and chil-
dren's clothes will accept a few more en-
gagements in families; $1 25 per day; also
dresses made over. 1237 Webster Et. near
Ellis. .
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting, latest styles, costumes remodeled;
this month's price 51 25 per day in families.
Address box 8231, Call office. .. -
COOK who has experience and reference wishes
a situation; American family preferred. Box
3215, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes' work by the day;
laundress or house-cleaning; $1 50 day. Ad-
dress 48% Seventh St.; shoe store,'
ELDERLY American woman wishes position
Slight housework: good plain cook: • good
' home; moderate wages. 3239 Market st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the. day,
washing, ironing or cleaning; references if
necessary. . Call at 176 Seventh st.
GERMAN woman wants situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country; small fam-
ily; wages $15. 809V4 Bryant st.
A YOUNG lady wishes position to do light
housework In small family; no windows;
best of references. Call 1953-O'Farrell st
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework: city or country. Call 38
Ritch St., near Third.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework
ami cooking hn a small family; wages $25.
Apply 8239A Sixteenth st.,'->near Dolores.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman; good American]
cook: elegant baker; clean and careful; good
city reference; wages moderate. 511 Bryant;
YOUNG lady would like a situation in a coun-
try hotel a3 chambermaid. Box 3217, CalL jj
FIRST-CLASS cook and housekeeper ¦ in fam-'
Ily; Just come from Chicago. 350 Fremont.
YOUNG lady desires po5ltion as stenographer;
"B«ft references. \Box 3234, Call office.'
GIRL desires position to do general housework
and plain cooking. 65 Ivy ave.
LADY of refinement wishes a situation as com-
panion' to lady: is a good dressmaker: refer-
ences? exchanged; good home desired. Ad-*
drec-s box 3293, Call.
SITUATION wanted— Colored girl "as wine girl
or chambermaid. Address S. L. A. P. O.
. box 84. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by little girl to assist In
light housework and help with baby.. -50
Hermann st; $8 ; a r .month. \ :
1 WANTED — Position as housekeeper; fond of
children. Apply box 338V Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near M&r-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlgtu; 31 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 100(i i
Valencia ft ,
'EJIPLOYMEXT WAXTEI) — MALE. *
YOUNG married couple wish positions, private
place, . city or country ; country . preferred ;
.man handy about horses; some experience
with, gardens, chickens;' wife y gdod
woman about house; girl 8 years old.- Box
3235. Call office. :
SOBER, intelligent, industrious married man
wants steady employment as salesman,' por- '
'ter t night watchman or' run an elevator;
good city references;' wages $10 a week.
A. B., box 3297, Call office. . ¦
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledge of stenography. Box j 321G,
Call ouice. . •¦ . . ;¦ ' '
AN experienced colored man wants - situation
of any kind; has many references. ; • Please
address A. WILLIAMS, box 3238, Call.
HELP WASTED— FE3IALK— Con.
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Z In 2
¦ weeks; course, $5, ¦ including manicuring,
massage, weaving, ventilating, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed;: no false
promises; our. pupils are our living advertise-
ment, filling positions and in business for
themselves all over the city; day and eve
classes. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
233 Geary st, rooms 13-15. ;
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, S2# Fremont st; no experience
' necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear: experienced only; steady work; elec-
tric power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st. -
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
" learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market 8t. . Vf
GIRL wanted for housework at 539 San Bruno
ave., near Eighteenth st. ~ ;: V :
GIRL, 14 or 15 to help; family 8 adults. Call
at 911 Stelner st. -. - ¦•
APPRENTICE girls wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. Apply 1020B Folsom st.
TWO assistants, Inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
ver University Physical Cultura, 1327 Market.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing In small family. 1444 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Inquire 523 Fa-
clflc st. ' . _^
WANTED — First-class experienced millinery
trimmer. Apply at HALE BROS.'
$25 TO $35 per week: five ladles and three
gentlemen; -theatrical sketch; no experience
necessary. Caldwell College of Oratory and
.Acting, Hoovery Hall, 1327 Market st.
GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.
HERTZ, 706 Ellis st. ; no charges.
WANTED — Flrst-class millinery maker, t Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
A GERMAN woman as governess; state re-
llRion: salary S-"0. Box 2094. Call.
HELP WAM'Ell— MALE.
j AT C. R. HANSEN & CO'S 104 Geary st
New railroad work Free fare
....' For Nevada
20 teamsters $2 a day
...... FOR CHATSWOKTH PARK
Big tunnel
20 header and corner men $2 50 a day
20 muckers and Cirilk-rr, 5"2 to $2 25 a day
SHIP TO-i>.Vx*
Free fare Free fare
Camp blacksmith for new railroad camp
in Nevada, ?3 a day, free fare.
Man and -wife: wife' to cook for few men
and man handy with tools, country, $60 and
found, see boss here, fare paid.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, country hotel, $60; German
baker, country hotel, $35 and fare advanced.
Second hand on cake, country bake shop, $40
and found; chef for cafe, country hotel, $80;
broiler, restaurant. $75. • - .
C. R. HANSEN & CO., .104 Geary 8 t
A— MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 6848
LEADING i EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGENTS.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
Man and wife for an oil company, $45 and
found, se» boss here
Furnace Jman for a mine. $75; blacksmith.
shop near city $35 to $40 and found
Buggy washer,' country stable.! $30
Choreman, and milker, ranch, .:..$25 to $30
2 slack coopers; 3 choremen.
WOOD CHOPPERS.
NEW CAMP ... CHEAP FARES
80 more woodchoppers and tie makers, vir-
gin timber, 3 years' Job, cheap fares, red-
wood, SOc cord Pine $125 cord
Hardwood, $150 cord Ties 10 to 15c each
_ MURRAY & READY 634 & 636 Clay st
MAN handy with tools and wife to cook, $60:
2 farmers and wives, $40 and $30; poultry-
man and wife, $50: farmers, 825; milkers,
$35; ranch foreman, $35; gardener, $35;
young man for milk depot; slack work coop-
* ers, $35 and found,; setter for mill, $60 to
$75; machinists with some capital; tiemak-
ers, woodchoppers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
BAKER, country shop. $G0 and board; restau-
rant baker, $40; restaurant porter, $25 to
$30, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Man and wife for oil company;
man to help drill well and care for tools
and make himself useful; wife to cook for
4 people; young married couple preferred'
$60. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.'
WANTED—
MACHINISTS AND HANDY MEN TO KNOW
THAT THE MACHINISTS' STRIKE IS
PRACTICALLY OVER. . *
ALL SHOPS RUNNING AS USUAL.
The machinists' strike that has been on In the
principal Denver shops since October is now
practically broken, as the shops are running
with non-union men and only about 25 per cent
of the strikers remain in town, walking the
streets. ¦, .
The victory claimed by the strikers at the
Colorado Iron Work3 Company is In reality a
defeat. The men went out for a nine-hour day,
whereas this is the very point not conceded by
the Colorado Iron Works Company. A number
of the old men from the Colorado Iron Works
Company were' selected by the management and
offered individually their old positions, if they
would work the hours per day stipulated by the
manufacturers, and conform to their shop
rules . and regulations.
Mulberry, who is conducting the Ftrike, op-
posed this and a stormy meeting followed, un-
til the men demanded that they be allowed to
return or withdraw from the union. To make
the appearance of a victory and prevent a loss
of more men, the union were obliged to sanc-
tion the return of these men. hence the mis-
leading report in the daily papers.
This strike has demonstrated two things:
That the majority of flrst-class men are free
men and will not be bound by arbitrary unions,
and that the Denver Machinery Manufacturers
are organized as a unit to resist the unjust,
unreasonable, unbusinesslike and arbitrary de-
mands of organized labor.
THE DENVER MACHINERY* MANUFAC-
TURERS' ASSOCIATION.
EASY chance to make money: the best propo-
sition on the 'market; $2 to $10 easily earned
daily: no experience necessary: be your own
boss and start business on a capital of from
60c " to * $20; come and see for yourself the
easy sellers I have. New York Novelty Co.,
room 1. 903 Market st.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
etc. — A free scholarship in engineering will
be awarded to a few well recommended appli-
cants. American School of Correspondence,
Boston, Mass.
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
indoor business: must have $100 cash and b«
satisfied with $75 'a month. Apply at 209
Kearny St., room 1. •
WANTED — Reliable young man with* $00:
take cash and assist in -restaurant; $40
month; no experience. BROWN 1221 Market.
WANTED— Sober young man with, $375 for
, Market-st. saloon; $75 month: no experience;
big snap; come quick. BROWN. 1221 Market.
BARBER, flrst-class workman, wanted; state
wages with board. C. C. JORDAN, St.
Helena, Cal. '
BOY wanted at HARSHALL'S. 12 Kearny st.
BUSHELM AN at H. PJanz . & Son, tailors,
505 Geary St., near Jones.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday
and Monday. 513 Montgomery ave.
COMPOSITOR — Clever boy- or young man for
job printing shop. Box 3233, Call . office.
ATTENTION — Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market st. O. E. HOWE.
TINNERS for heater work; also boy %o learn
trade.' Royal Heating Co., 210 Mason st.
BARBER wanted: steady. 616 Fourth st. San
Rafael. ...'..¦¦'.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply HOLMs* NA-
THAN. 512 Market st . y '
BARBER wanted; -German or Italian. Steady
job at 132 Pacific st.
ACTIVE. intelligent boy for- drugstore.
WHITE,' Gough and Grove sts.
DISHWASHER and assistant cook who can
do short orders. 613 Clay.st. - ¦ '
WANTED^Shoemaker on repairing. 32 Rail-
road ave. .
A 4-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Inquire at
BROS.'. 100 Ellis St.
BARBERS— Good 3-chair ; shop," near city a
i. bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis' St.
OFFICE boy wanted by long established busi-
ness house; must reside with parents; wages
moderate to commence ; good' chance for f u- v
•ture advancement. Box 3223, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced man to run electrical
lever elevator. Apply between 8 and 11 am
cat HALE -BROS.' "' '
$100 WILL, buy 2-chalr barber shop; tent paid
to;February 25. 1055 Market st.
WANTED — A good pianist. 911 Kearny st
FOR SALE— Two chair barber shop; best pay-
_ ing shop in Valiejo, Cal. ; only reason for sell-
ing, other business; best chance In the State
Inquire , Call office. ' ; r
3-CHAIR ' barber: shop for sale; splendid loca-
¦ tion ; good reasons for selling. . 1344 -Turk st.
WANTED — Men : to learn barber trade: eight
.weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. .CaJ. ,
WANTED— Laborers rand mechanics ' to know
that~Ed:Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
. rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.'
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. - Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market
MISCELLAKI.OUS--FOR^SALa.
"wZrr'v'Ttsi engines. 2d-hand machinery. \t^
B °NTo1h IToLPMAN. 105-1*7 Fre mon £g:
A—BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery. er> .
tr1r-« boilers water pipes, shafting. puii ey ,
etc." WHITE'LAW, 2K:-25:, Spear st.
BAR fixtures; bis stock: Installments; bilUaTi
; and pool tables: easy terms- or rented Th*
BrunSwlck-Balke-Collender Co.. «5J Mission.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. p Ppn .
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pj nf
FINE suits. ?10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4^. Montgomery at.
A STFWART banjo lady's siz*. high grads.
$l£ HarVis' LoaVofnce, 105 Stockton st.
CLOSED and open hack; cheap. O'BRIEX'3.
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
FOR sale— 1375 Eddy St.; stylish sing!* foot-
Ing saddle horse.
6000 TO 10.000 feet of 3, SYa and 4 inch pipe.
108 Valjeio st. ; i
A NEW 6-H. P. motor (complete) cheap. -400
Battery st. "
COUNTER, jhowcases and acales for sab
cheap. 216 McAllister st.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pups. 1187 Stan-
yan st. - '
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c: paperhanglng. paint-
Ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont gy.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. [
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Poat »t
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13» Beale at. '
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacraments st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post at
. MISCK1.L-.VXEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gentsf
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 434.
TILTOV wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good3. 154 9th st : tel. Jessie 285L
ilU.Mil 'I'O LOA.V.
HERMASr^TuRPHSr, «& Examiner bijildlnj.
$4,500,000 at lowest rate*
on first and second mortgages ......
Life interests in estates .........
Property being held in trust ........
.... Undivided interests In real estate ...«
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all aorta and sizes..
If You Need Money «
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,01/0 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortgazes. life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above gecurities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
. Get my tsrms before doing business elsewher*
a R. McCOLGAN i
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third rciortsazea. estates In pro-
bate, lntereat in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture, piano
or household good*, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery St., op-
posite Llclc House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY resnectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Je-welry. at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84*
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch ID Thirl.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages. & en fur.
nlture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room 61.1.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick:- lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at, room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privat*
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids'.. 301 Jones.
Money loaned salaried people -without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, t urn'. ture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. jconfldential. WhUehead.1710 Marker.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRBLL, 6C9 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: |13 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
|10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.- prtvats
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72, 4th fir.
O.. salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal*
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without lndorser: other proposl-
tions. 5. F. Discount Aggncy, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser: Eastera
• plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes; rent $2 up, credited if purchased ;
Installments $3 up; old pianos bousht and
exchanged; bargains $25 up In Stelnway,
Heine. Chlckeiing. etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine. Hallet ft Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st - ¦ ¦, ' ;¦ :
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago - and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for S3. $4 and ?5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth at. Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos. '.
LESTER Pianos. .
HAMILTON Pianos
SPEILMANN Pianos ¦ *'-¦
CECIUAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st
NO matter what you may be in need of In th«
w f-y of a musical Instrument, we have it and
will sell at a very low price. You can buy
on payments if you desire. New and second-
hand pianos. Simplex piano players Olym-
pla music boxes. Graphophones, Phonographs.
Gramophones, In all styles. THE ZE.VO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— """
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up: new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ t*
SON. 18 to 20 O'Farrelt. Chlckering.' Mason
& llamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
EVERETT, Hardman, Ludwlg. Conover, Pack-
ard. Howard, King3bury. Straube. Jewett.
Cable. Steck. Smith and Barnes. Tbes« ar*
the popular pianos, of the day. For sale only
by THE WILEY' B. ALLEN CO.. 931-003
Market af. ¦ •
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
wlthl:. 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st. : established 1S50.
A FINE large uprisht. $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case,
in use only a few months. $275; new piano*
to rent, $3 50: squares. $1 50 and $2: Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON, 23 5th st.. agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate ca«h
have stored with us for advances lot oJ strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now fpr sale at apy
reasonable . off er to .raise money; they must
go; easy payments: other storage uprights $10
up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market it.
WE have a large shipping order for old square-
and upright pianos; will buy or exchange.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary , t " cnange '
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best In the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
NEW cabinet grand piano; taken for debt; will
sell at a^great sacrifice. 108 Oitlt st.
PIANOS, all makes, «w or 2<T-hand $75 up-
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 172» Mignn.
STILL renting new pianoai $3 per. month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayeg st.
$175 — A RARE chance; flne upright. SCHM1TZ.
16 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. '
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathan place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
- Ehoninter. Schubert and Stelnwajr barxaiaa.
«A5 FRAXCISCO CALL..
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Sad Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until J2 o'clock every night In the year.
BP.*..VCH OFFICES— i27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: oj*>n until 3:30 p. m.
30<> Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
. *^» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
"16 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street;, open until 10 p. m. *
(-•261 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
w.\U 9 p. m.
10*? Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Etre'et;.open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m. *
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. Y^
CALIFORNIA CouncU No. 2. R. and S. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAT) -JV_
EVETCING. February 5, at S o'clock. }Lj\
for business and degrees. By order / *
of the T. I. M. .
FRANKLIN H. PAY. Recorder.
STARR KIN'O Lodge, U. D.. F. and A. m
M.. Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS _^^
.WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7f30 *? J>
o'c'.x*. Second degree. By order of ' "^ *
the W. at. A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
UOUTCT MORIAH Ixxlre No. 44 F. •
•nfi A. IS.. — Stated meeting THIS -y%-
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at . :o0 *V^
pVlock. THSO. FROLICH. S»c. v
CROCKETT Lodge No. 189. F. and A. m
M. — Suited meeting aDd thin*, degree
THIS EVENING. Feb. 6. 7 o'clock. By faJ\
order W. M. H, FORTMEDE. Sec. '
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16«, F. and A. •
M— Stated meeting TEIS (WEDNES- I
DAT* EVENING. February 5, at 7:30 JyJT
o'clock. H. J. OWEN. Secretary. / V * ;
BAY CITY Lodce. 117, K. of P., 223 » j
Svtter et. — The rank of Knlsht (long^ R4y ;
¦form'' Hi-ill be conferred by this lodge CS£&£ .
nn esquires on WEDNESDAY 43>2&
EVENING. Feb. 5. at 8:80 o'clock. Visiting
«rd brother knights are invited to be
prCg * K CKAS. C. MORRIS. K. of R. & S.
NATIONAL UNION. Call- fejfEKSSSS^
fornia Council, meets TO-
• NIGHT at Pioneer Kail. ' '¦¦^
Fourth St.. at 8 o'clock <in
if* n«w hain. Visiting friends cordially in- |
vned. B.v porter KISGSFORD , p^ent. j
C. H. VAN ORPCN. fieerefjyC
RIGCIFRS' anS Stevedores' Union Association
funera' detail— The following delegation
frcm Evie Jacobs to Mark Xriste will as-
«=»mb".e at their hall. 603 Front st, WEDNES-
DAY at 3 o'clock e. m. to attend the funeral
.-f our late brother ANDREW W. LANGE.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order.
P. F. WHEARTY. President
HUGH McKEVITT. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market rt.. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day or February, 1902.
st the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
icr the eninjing year and for the transaction j
of such other business as may come before ¦
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
K9 Crocker building, city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the
bom* of Jl o'clock s_ m., for the purpose of ;
ejeet'nr directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before said meeting.
S. M. RICKEY, Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
AGEST8 WA.VTED.
WANTED — Experienced lady canvaawi to ad-
vertise a food product; traveling work; salary
an<l expenses; only those having had ex-
perlence need apply. Box 3221. Call office.
ASTROLOC^ ._-__•_,_.•
Ho1*olicOPES~ca6t: future predicted: readlnsm
by mall If deelred. Raymond. 227 Taylor St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner buildlnz. room
613: ell cases; damages, estates, Trills, mort-
£a£ee. partnerships, attachments, collections.
*!•_•-: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck;qulet;
no charge trithout success; established 16 yre.
Open evenings byappo!ntment;phonejohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy: collections;
attachments; mortgages ; bills of sale; partner- {
fhlps; <3ee<!s; wills drawn ; no fee unless sue-;
cessful ; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAYTJDSON'. KT7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Spreckels bid*.; »27 Mart
ket St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
WITH a capital of S50C0 an agency for elec-
tric automobi'es can be obtained. Address
¦ !CT gansome st. ¦ '
BOOKS— REW A>O OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; librarieTpurchased 1 "
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1346.
UUSIXmZSS CilAACES.
A— $450; RESTAURANT on Fourth" "iet!^~closc
to Market; rent $30; good paying business:
value in fisht Call R. G. WILKE, 26 H i
Kearny st.
A — $3000 ;DRY poods and notions etore: best i
location; stock will Invoice. the price; sickness
compels owner to leave tfie city. Call R. G. I
W1LKB, 26i$ Kearny et. ). ¦^^%-J
A— $600: HALF-INTEREST in one of the best
down town saloons; rent $50; a good paying
bueinens and rare chance. Call R. G.
TVILKE. 2t>^ Kearny et. • '
A — $1000; PARTNER wanted in rnanulactur-
•lrr business to attend office. Call R. G.
WiLKE. 26 % Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON est&bl. years; close to Kear-
ny and Bush »ts. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ii
Kearrsy st.
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth Bt. ; rent $25; dally receipts about
125; owner to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kcaray st. ¦¦
A— $300; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rou:ns; best location In the Mission; rare
chance. See R. G. WILKE, 26»4 Kearny gt.
A — $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
flne living rooms; most store trade; baking
aocut 2H barrels per day. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26t£ Kearnrst.
A— $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters: a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying-; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
toon. R. G. WILKE. 2tt^ Ke&my st.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~ ~~~ ~
850 Market st, cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Acent.
Property bought and sold.
Ren£> collected.
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
_ Agent
Do you want to sell yeor business -or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
abeve address.
RYAN & O'ROURKE. 819 Market.Tel.Mlnt S«5
Room 31 .'
40 saloons. $225 to $5000
50 restaurants. $150 to 6000
30 cigar stands. $150 to 3000
50 candy, deli.iacy. notion, bakeries.
_6^ partnerships. $100 to 1500
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
C Eddy gt., rooms 18 and 19.
Ho 4 els, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
Meres, cigar rtoreg. ranches oil lands, leases.
yppey to loan on any of the above.
FOR eale at a great sacrifice: a liquor etore
and saloon on Sixth et.: must be sold wlth-
ia three days. Call end make an offer. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market Ft., rooms 1 A 2.
OUR "Compounding Sjetem" of turf specula-
tion le the c&fcst and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Machine shop and foundry In min-
ing district: well established; capacity needs
increasing: good reason for selling. Box 3219
Call office.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net S2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF you wanttto buy a business or sell fro to
DECKER. 821 Market et.
BAKERY wanted in San Francisco: price rea-
eonabie. Warner. 1828 Eagle ave.. Alameda.
DRESSMAKING— A long established and suc-
cessful dressmaking business for sale. Ap-
ply at rooms 135 and 136. Mnrphy building.
FOR eale — $90; cigar stand at 140 Third st.
f 200— PARTNER xvanted; good~chance for
young man. 25 Geary Bt., room 4. %
tfGOO — FOJt rale: the Pelace Restaurant. Val-
lejo. Cal.: great chance. P.O. box 275. Valiejo.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Lew and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, 816 /Market st. : advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
UBlesa successful. Room C10. 927 Market at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
> 120 ROOMTciTiansome st. 1 - .....$2000
• 100 rooms on Howard st. y.. low
34 rooms: Howard st...J 400
44 rooms; Stockton st — .1 2100
' 32 rooms; Grant ave...... ' .5000
25 rooms on Fourth st $1000; good paying
10 rooms on Sixth Et $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st. .$700; transient
35 rooms on Powell st $3200; good location
, 22 rooms on Powell st....$1500; good location
10 rooms on Geary st.. T.$11OO; fine house
9 rooms on Sixth st $350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason s=t.S7ot>; any time; all full
SO more houscB on list.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
X Near the Call buildings.
! -•-.'. Telephone Black ,1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 7ia Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-bouses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. ..All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
> J> FIVE SAMPLE HOUBES.
A 12 r.; N. of Mkt.; rent $30: clears $35.$300
50 r. ; corner: rent $100; clears $160 mo.. .2800
15 r.; N. of Mkt.: rent $65: clears $60... 1200
XI r.; rent $75: cor.; N. Mkt.; clears $S0 mo.
, 23 r.; rent $40: Income $110 800
' TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
CaH on US
Any House Sold on Payments
Call andJGet Our Large List
I ...We Have Houses in All Parts of City...
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms $300
68 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms: clears $75; only ¦ 250
19 rooms: rent $40; clears $60 450
' 10 rooms; swell; bargain BOO
13 rooms : very good ; rent $50 ........ 750
A H. RETSLOFF & CO.: phone John 631.
9C6 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO., "
093 Market, room* 4 and 4A: phone Mint 2S11.
RELIABLE BROKERS. • .
Any house on our books on monthly payments.
; 14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $30; Al
¦ location; on Market sL ; only $1700.
> 23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
I ' roomers only; modern building; must eell
this week.
Select list of lodging-houses. Call before
buying.
A. CAMERON & CO.
850 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23. , Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel*, rooming houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can
suit you: clear titles guaranteed.
Lodglngr-houses and flats from 5 to 10S rmc.
Prices frcm .$225 to $12,000; money loaned,
IVi per cent. ' /
Boarding-houses from S to S3 rootns.
Prices from $850 to ?!)000. / .
FOR sale only by H. C. DECKER.
10 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only $650
14 rooms; Stevenson st..; 500
24 rooms; Market st .- 160!»
16 rooms; near Market; rent $50 1100
20 rooms ; Turk st . ; transient 1 lOo
12 rooms ; very flne 400
34 rooms; rent only $30 450
21 rooms; Geary st 1750
MANY OTHER BARGAINS.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st....(Inc.) Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real ! estate.
We furnish vacant 'houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. .
New houses to lease.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. \
17 rooms; cheap rent; must sell $575
30 rooms; rent only $75; nr. Powell st.. 1400
S3 rooms; corner: modern bldg.; snap.. 950
SO rooms: rent $80; reduced to 1800
"WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
HOUSES on Van Ness ave., Ellis, Eddy and
other sts. N. cf Market; cheap houses, high-
priced houses; real estate; partnerships; bus-
iness chances: mtges. bought & sold; money
loaned at low rates; good exchange*. FISH-
ER Jb CO.. 035 Market: phone Folsom 1502.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market St.— Bargains in
lodging-houses, for sale from $S00 to $6000;
call and see our list before buyinjr and we
can satisfy you; if you want to sell, list
with us and we make quick sale.
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses. all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. $225; must be
cold; cause, death: 17 rooms. 28 16 Clay st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $\.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits spiak face to face; seanca
Tues.. Frl., Sun.. 8 p. m. : 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st.: readings daily.
SOc and $1: circle every night. 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium and palmist, will guide
you risrht: SOc. 15S3 Market st.. near 12th.
' EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
- phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: rlttlr.E-;' dally; teat to all to-night; 10?.
CLAIRVO VASTS.
A 50c— 50c— 50c —A
PROF. BROCKWAY. Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 r>. m.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
j Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
| in'.eiest manifested in each individual case.
! ¦ round advice and counsel are not equaled in
} this city at any figure. Ptof. Brockway t«^51s
j you what you want to know, eliminating all
! unlnttreetlng features and not tiring you
iritd matters entirely irrelevant to the case
in hrnd, ns has been the case in readings
you have had in the past. Prof.* Brockway
reads your, past, present and future.
50c — SOc — 50c.
KNOW THY FUTURE — —
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the roan or woman you.
leve, how to overcome al! enemies: gives full
secret how to control or Influence any one
you leve or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14, first floor. 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ' ~~ !
:-• • THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and' portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in alt affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. J Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trsne*
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket rt.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special "terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sunday*: hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
ISMAR. tha Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 11 4S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally,' 10 a. m.
to ft p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis: .clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel.jessle 1503.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c. $1. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card readerf'la-
dles 25c; gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 60c.
50c. SI— Prof. Welier. clalr.. palmist, card read-
er; mailorders; stamp, circular. 1OO7»4 Mkt.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
3c renovated. rela!d. 104 14th st.: tel. Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
S..3 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Bt: tel. 'Mission 74.
"~ COTTAGES TO LET.
SITNNY cottage. 5 rooms and bath, large yard,'
flowers, etc. 782 Capp at., near Twenty-third.'
tlHESSMAKEKS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st
FRENCH acccrdeon and knife pleating. WM
PILGER. 121 Pott over O'Connor & Moffat
! WASTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED coachman and gardener, thor-
oughly .reliable,' with best : \ of references,
Wishes , position > on private place; 3^ years
last place. < Address W. W. C. box 3239, Call
office, ills Broadway. Oak land ;- :'¦
AA — YOUNG man, mastering fou a languages,
' proficient; correspondent, extensively traveled,
¦ United States, Eurone. Central America, de-
I sires empioyrnent. Box 3230, Qall office.
GOOD flrst-class cook wants situation In pri-
vate family or boarding-house; best refer-
enccs. : Box 3237. Call office. ,-; '
RELIABLE man, English, fair .education,
wishes light employment; ci,ty or country.
Box 3218. Call office.- : . :
COLORED boy would like work of any kind.
Box 3295, Call office. ,' :
YOUNG man wants- situation in soda-water
works; have some experience. Box 3226. Call.
POSITION wanted by an engineer and ma-
-- chlnist ; with 20 years' experience; nothing
less than $4 50 per day considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3392, Call office.
MALE professional nurse; Al references; be-
longs to K." P. and Red Men; can take care
. of any case Address JOHN NEWMAN. '063
Mission st. i
COACHMAN wants situation in private fam-
ily; first; class city and suburban references.
H. RICHEN S. - 214 Third st. ' ¦ . .
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment wheie
work is not heavy; some experience minding
invalids. Box 3235. Call office.
RELIABLE and sober young man wants posi-
tion as collec^cr, 'clerk or assistant; city or
country; references given. Box 3465, Call.
POSITION as bookkeeper, office work or sales-
man in a wholesale or retail house; can give
best of references. Box 3355, Call office.
CYLINDER press feeder; experienced. Address
D. B.. Winchester Hotel. Third st.. city.
WANTED — Situation as meat cutter. Apply
202G Bush st.
HONEST Japanese wants a position as a school
I boy m a small family. Address T., 703 Lar-
kin st. |
YOUXG Japanese bey wants situation as School
boy. Address DOI, 423 Stevenson st
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptionsi has been established at 1096
: Valencia st. ' • • -
EXCHANGE. ' j
; LOCOMOBILE worth $050 to exchange for i
ftrat-class carpenter work. Box 3222. CalL
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran- ;
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bon<l3 furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers. 320 Post st.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placlnir stocks and bonds; etjmpanies incor-
( porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9. Parrott bldg.
?2^™*J£<>J^£-
A — ELEGANT, new, sun every room, hand-
, ' some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing, 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 5 and 6 rooms;
take Geary, McAllister or Sutro cars; 753
to 765 Sixth ave., near Fulton st. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. .
A — SUNNY new flats and houses. 5 to 8 rooms,
porcelain baths; low rent. 507 to 525 Fred-
erick 6t., near Stanyan.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi pager. In wrapper Tor mnlling. $1 ppr vear.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath, Western Addition;
rent $20: carpets and part of furniture for
* sale. Box 3220, Call office. y
MODERN newly furnished 6-room flat for sale
or rent; cheap. • 647 Ellis st.
FURNITUUE FOIl SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 BO, with No. 7
rangg. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
f FURNITURE "WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT\ 773 " 'M7sslon~st, pays "highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1304.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the we. id;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 CSrant ave.
HELP HASTK1) KEiUALE.
WANTED— For city: French second girl, $25;
<J second girls for nice American and Jewish
families. $20 and ?25, some 2, 3 and 5 Jn
families: North German second girl, 1 $25;
second girl and sewing, $25; 2 German nurses,
$20 and $25; German or French nursery gov-
erness, $25; 3 waitresses •: for family hotel,
!|i20; neat young girl for delicatessen^ Btore, to
act as saleslady and wait some at table, $20;
\valtre3S for institution, $20; 8 chambermaids,
wait one meal, for nice ¦ family hotels, $20.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT. & CO., 334 Sutter.
WANTED — Scotch or North of. Ireland second
grirl and assist, $23, for Lake County; second
girl and seamstress, Oakland, $25; Protestant
girl for general housework, 2 in family, San
Kafael, $30; cook, plain wash, AJameda, $25;
general housework, Palo Alto. $25; cook,
wash towels and napkins, 4 in family, Oak-
land, $30; working housekeeper. Santa Clara
County, on farm, $20; girl for housework,
Kresno. $2f>; 2 waitresses, country hotels,
$20; nuree girl and sewing, $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — 10 cooks, some with plain washing,
some no washing, for American and German
families, $30; 16 girls for nice places in small
American families for general housework,
$20 and $25; 3it girls for housework In Ger-
man and Jewish families, some small fam-
ilies, none exceeding 7 In number, privileges
granted, to competent girls $20. $25 and $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ..?. .335 Geary St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, winter resort. Southern Cali-
fornia, $20, rate tickets- 25 waitresses, city
and country hotels, $20, $25: restaurant walt-
r»se°s $8, 6 days' work; $7 60, no Sunday
work; $6 no Sunday, work; 2 lunch waitresses,
$3 SO- and $4; 2 chambermaids, south. $20.
rate fares; 3 starch ironers, south, $30, rate
fares
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German cook for American family. San Ra-
fael. $30; cook and second, email family, $46;
nurse, 2 children, $20; French nurse girl, $25;
houseglrl, Fresno, $25, fare paid, see lady
here; -. housegirl. small family, ranch. $20,
fare paid; nurse and companion, elderly lady
in hotel, $20; housegirls, §20 and $25. city
and young neat chambermaid, pri-
vate family, 9 o'clock to B. sleep home
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ...... .835 Geary st.
A — SHAMPOOER for city baths, $25 and in-
crease. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
WANTED— Young lady to help first-class small
established ladles* tailor and make herself
useful; good chance to learn the trade; will
pay. K. BEDROS. 62S Sutter st. ;
WANTED— -Young girl for cooking and general
housework; 2 In family; wages $20; refer-
ences. 1345 McAllister st., Wednesday morn-
ing. . ¦ ;*"¦*•.
JjIRL for general i housework and cooking;
small »flat; 2 in family; call 9 to 12; refer.
ences. 1741 Larkln st.
WANTED — Good girl for housework and cook-
ing; wages $25; reference; call before 10 a.
m. 1220 Taylor st. .
WOMAN to assist in light housework; washing
. piven out; good home; Alameda; wages $12.
Box 3230. Call office.
WANTED — Woman past 28 to manage coun-
try business; must be industrious and of
good character. Bos 8296. Call office.
AMATEUR performers wanted; salary unlim-
ited. Apply at Chutes at 6 o'clock this
evenins.
AN experienced and first-class chocolate dip-
per and wait in store; steady work. 1409
Polk st. ' • . ....
WANTED— Girl to assist with light housed
work; no washing. Call from 8 to 12 at 110
Olive ave. - .
COLLEGE of Hairdresslng; entire course, 2
weeks, $5; day and eve. class. Call at room
¦ 1, 1007 & Market, st.,, room 6.- - v
EXPERIENCED glove fitters. Box 32S2, Call
office. :¦¦--•. . . , . . . (
YOUNG girl;. for second work. '.' 2344 Sutter st.
GIRL experienced in bookbindery. 643 Clay
street. . •/ ;. - ...;'."> . .,• ¦ - , .-<¦ • ;¦
FIRST-CLASS operators and finishers and ex-
perienced. apprentice on vests. 230% • Ninth.
WANTED— A good waitress. Apply early at
1830 Halght st.. Park Hotel. ' : . J
WANTED— First-class . laundress 2 days in the
week. Apply 3638 Washington st. /
FI «SI- CI -ASS bar coat * operators. D. C.
HEGER. 723 Market st, room 35. . ;
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family: ref-
erence required. 114S.Turk.st. ¦-?. :
FIRST-CLASS ironers. United States Laun-
dry,: Sixteenth and Valencia sts. :
WANTEDc-A first-class waitress at" 304 Mason
St.; wages ?8 a weak. ' . ' -
WANTED— Girl for general housework' and
: cooking,. 4 In family. 2620 California st. • -
WANTED— Ladies of refinement; I will start
' them . In paying business. - 131 . Post, room 8. ,
.WANTED — Girl to assist in general housework
Tand cooking. 1808 Larkln st.Justice of the Peace Daniels yesterday
set next Friday as the day to hear ' the
triai'of the suit of J.. H.- Long, guardian
of Oscar R. Thayer, against the Union
Iron Works to recover 54 55; Young Thay
er was an apprentice in. the works,- and
alleges t that he was discharged and. -his
tools retained- by. the concern.. He sued
for the value of -.the tools, and the de
fendant-filed: a demurrer that the com
plaint did not contain a sufficient cause of
action. The demurrer was overruled and
the case will be tried on its merits. •¦-¦'-,
Sues for Value of Tools.
We received during December over 100
patterns of j entirely new things* in Mold
ings which we have not had time to open
until now. The beauty, "originality and
moderate price ,of.. these moldings will
please .every one having pictures to
frame. On sale after this date. Sanborn,
Tail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Pictures and Frames,
|j TUESDAY, Feb. '4—4 p. m.
: Bid. Ask. .y . • Bid. Ask."
Andes- ....... 01 02 Julia _ 04
Alta ; '05 07 Justice ...... ' 12 ' 13
Alpha ....'..". — ' 04 Kentuck .... Of 02
Belcher ...... 09. 10 Mexican .. ..; '29 30
Bullion ...... 02 O-TJOphir ..". 82 83
Best & Bel.. 26 27 Overman .... 13 • 14
Con Cal &\Va.l 20 1 25 Occidental ..08 09
Caledonia \... 33 34 Potosi ..: 13 14
Chollar ...... 12 13 Savage- 10 11
Crown Point. 0« 08 Sierra Nevada 14- 16
Confidence .. ' 60 V 6fl Seg ". Belcher. . 03 Ot
Challenge ... 12 13 Silver Hill. . . 81 83
Exchequer ... — ¦ C2 Standard*.... '— 3 50
Gould & Cur. 14 15 Utah .01. 03
Hale & Nrs..: . 27 • 29iUnion ..:...'. 1» .20
Imperial ...../' 01 02 [Yellow Jacket 07 08
1 CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
500 Belcher" ...... 00 200 Ophlr ...... S3
; 600 Best & Bel... 2G 100. Overman .... -12
200 Caledonia ... 34 300 Overman ' . . 13
1100 Chollar ...t. 12 800 Potosi ......'14
100 Con Cal & Va.l 22 200 Sillier Hill.'..-, 82
400 Justice .. 13 500 Silver Hill.-. SO
200 Mexican . 3O 300 Union Con.. .. 19
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta .' 07 800 Mexican . . 31
200 Best & Bel... 27 500 Savage .. 11
300 Caledonia ... 34 250 Savage ..... i 10
500 Caledonia ... S3 500 Seg 3elcher. . 04
500 Challenge '... 13 400 Sierra Nevada 16
400, Con Cal & Va.l 22 300 Silver Hill 0°
200 Gould & Cur. 15 600 Silver Hill"..! JU
300 Hale & Nor. . 20 200 Silver Hill. .. 93
1000 Justice ; 15 500 St Louis .. 10
200 Justice "...'... 14 "300 Union Con..." 20
Morning Session.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: * , .-...•
' ¦ Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Bel...' 27 500 Overman ' ...V 13
400 Con Cal & Va.l 25 200 Savage .. 11
900 Caledonia ... 34 1600 Silver Hill... 80
300 Caledonia ... 33 100 Silver Hill... 78
600 Justice 13 1200 Silver Hill ... 77
300 Mexican ¦'. . .V. 30 500'Sllver Hill. . 70
400 Ophir ;• 83 100 Union 20
Morning Session.
400 Best & Bel...: 27 900 Overman 15
100 Caledonia ... 38 200 Potosi .: 14
1000 ChallejKe ... 12 100 Sierra Nevada 16
500 Con Cm& Va.l 25 100 Sliver -Hill... 94
100 C New York.. 05 300 Silver Hill... 85
100 Hale & Nrcrs. ~ 28, 100 Union - i ; 20
300 Justice ¦ 15 500 Yellow Jacket 08
500 Ophlr 84
Following were the sales on- the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:; j
MINING STOCKS,
The other petitions for -probate .are. on
the will made, it.is claimed, in Paris.,Slg
mund Green Greenebaum, who claims to
have been asked by the widow of the de
ceased to. petition for letters of . adminis
tration.' has- an application ort file, ajid so
has Public. Administrator John Farnham.
who claims that because • Greenebaum. has
no written authority the handling" of the
estate should.go to. him. . :•-
A third; petition for the probate of. the
will of the', late Jose- Guardlola, the
wealthy Guatemalan who. died inPa,rfs
recently, was -filed "in the office of th&
County Clerk ' yesterday. ;Tber petition
filed yesterday is signed by- Jorge Urioste
of this cityr and he asks that a will exe
cuted by the. wealthy planter 1 in March.
1891, and now in possession of -the law
firm of "Page, McCutchen, Harding: &
Knight, be probated instead of the docu
ment placed on file a week or so agdl* '
Urioste claims that the will he. seeks to
have probated is the last will and testa
ment of the deceased millionaire, and says
In his petition that it was made- in thia
city 'a' short' time before the planter went
to Paris. He says the document directs
the appointment of Isaac Guardlola,'
Adolf o de Urioste, Jose Hermenejildo
Monfredl and Miguel Cristobal y...Uribe as
executors, providing they will. serve^:antt
that in the event of their refusing to do
so he is to care for the estate.- Owing to
the absence of these men from' the coun
try arid their failure- to qualify" as execu
tors'he asks the Superior 'Court to vest
him with the powers of executor. \
a Document Appointing Him
« as 'Executor. ;
Jorge Urioste \ Claims Deceased . Left
OPPOSE PROBATE OF. WTXt ;
)* 'f'ii OF A RICH GUATEMALAir
1 Hanf ord -ft. 01 00 '
100 Home .' ¦ 3 75
3000 Lion, s 30 ; . .. . \ 07
700 Oil City Petroleum- 20
. 'Morning Session.' . 1
Board — , . ..." '
100 Fo'ur 52
700 Monarch of- Arizona 18
20O Monte Cristo 1-50
500 Sterling, b 90. :.'... .'..:. ......... 1 20
- Street — . . .
1000 Lion ...- ,-. . 08
i» Afternoon Session.
Board—
PRODUCERS' OIL" EXCHANGE.
30 Honokaa Co 12 00
25 Makaweli .26 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 37. 00 .
50 Paauhau S P Co -. .... 12 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 101.50
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦
25 Alaska Packers' Assn ;•. .168 00
5 California Fruit Canners' I. 98 00
; 10 Cal Wine Assn ; .... 97 00
:S5 Contra Costa Water .;.'.... 75 00
\ 10 Giant Powder Con 78 CO
10 Honokaa S Co 12 00
25 Makaweli :......... V. 2800
5 Market-st Railway /. ....... .89 00
$6000 Oakland Transit Co 5s..... HO 25
5 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00 >
$12,000 S F & S J V bonds ..123 00
15 9 F Gas & Electric Co.'...; 42 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. 42 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. : 42 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90...... 43 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. 42 87%
50 Vigorit : ,. 4 00
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL*.;" V •
G Bailey. El Paso J J KIrby, Utah "
B Butts, Vallejo . J T Rupper. Utah. - .
S J : PauJ, Salt Lake ' J S Hatch. Cal
T Jenkins, Chicago H Christensen, Cal
J Henryman, Hanf ord Miss R WorfUey, Cal : -
F C Freeberg. Wlllits I H South. Glenwood
G L Allen, Denver E Podesta. Stockton
M S Batcan. S Leand Mrs'M E Augspurger,
W B Davis & w, Salt Pulaskl
Lake City . A L Augspurger, Pu-
K Farnsworth, S Lake laski .
Miss A Augspurger, W W Emery, S Lake
Pulaski .....
We ¦ fear that the Rooster will not have a
chance . to spread its wings over any further
political honors for the present Governor of
this State. Ex-Senator Bulla, from the Gov
ernor's own county, states emphatically that
Gage cannot control the delegation from . hla
home, county, and . from all appearances the
Senator is right. \ ¦¦ ,
- The newspapers throughout the State
are taking an active Interest in public af
fairs. The Acton Rooster and Modesto
News do. not agree as to the future public
career of Governor Gage. The Rooster
having been first to name Gage for Gov
ernor now nominates him for Vice Presi
dent upon the ticket headed by President
Roosevelt. The Modesto News^ comment
ing on the Rooster's crowing enthusiasm,
says: . . : .... .
The convention could establish an order
of business providing that Judicial nom
inations should come first. The-Demo
cratic State Convention which assembled
at the Baldwin Theater in 1896 put Judicial
nominations first and James H. ' Budd
made it his special business to see that
Judge Murphy - of Del Norte was nom
inated for Justice of the Supreme Court
Later on-, when the Democrats talked of
nominating Barney Murphy of, San Jose
for Governor,, the embarrassment of hav
ing too many Murphys on the ticket be
came painfully obvious and to relieve the
situation of- its ' awkwardness Budd him
self accepted, the nomination for Gover
nor. . .----
. It is regarded as ¦ certain that • there
will be two candidates before the Re
publican State Convention for nomination
for the office of Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court. The incumbent, W. H.
Beatty, has many supporters throughout
the State, who do not hesitate to ayow
in favor of .his nomination. C. "H.-Ga
roiitte of Yolo, an associate Justice, has
many friends who favor his' promotion
to the chief place on the bench. The
Democrats are watching the contest with
unusual interest, and standing ready to
take advantage of any mistake that the
Republicans may make. Wise politicians
suggest that leading Republicans should
adopt measures to keep the contest for
the judicial positions separate from the
gubernatorial fight.
Contest Between Beatty
and Garoutte for the
Honor.
CHIEF JUSTICE
SUPREME COURT
A resolution was introduced by 'Super
visor Comte directing the Board of Works
to expend -the sum -of J500O in- continuing
the" work of repaving Valencia street«The
board appropriated J28.000 to repave that
thoroughfare from Market ) street • to
Eighteenth and the contract, was let for
123,000, i and it is now. proposed touutilize
the balance. The resolution was referred
to the Street Committee.
The ordinance- prohibiting frauds* on
livery stable keepers and making it un
lawful for them to use horses Intrusted to
their care, was finally passed. . ¦
The ordinance authorizing the. Board of
Works to improve as. an experiment -the
roadway of Van Ness avenue,- between
Bush and Pine streets, by setting apart a
strip sixteen feet wide for the purpose of
planting trees and placing statuary, was.
laid over for one week. The ordinance re
ducing the width of the sidewalks, in the
block named was Indefinitely postponed. •
Van Ness Avenue Improvement.
Brandenstein said that the board could
pass more intelligently on the water rates
if the members would have time to study
the transcripts of the evidence given in 1900
and 1901. The board then adjourned until
next Tuesday night, when the investiga
tion will be resumed. -
.Schussler agreed to give figures on the
amount. of water drawn from the differ
ent reae'rvoirs owned by the company aa
far back as the records . go: also the
amount of water in the reservoirs at va
rious periods from 1865 to the present time.
The many resolutions directing, the com
pany to furnish information necessary to
guide the board in fixing water rates were
read and Schussler promised to comply
with their provisions where the .company
had not. already done so. - '¦.-/¦
Grunsky said the company . had fur>
nished' a map of the pipe that' had been
laid by the company," but it was found -to
be fifty miles short of the actual length.
. "That is quite possible," replied Schuss
ler, "as we were not on good terms, with
the Board of Works at that tlin.e." \
Map r of 'Pipe Line- Defective.
Braunhart moved that the Spring Val
ley Company .be - - requested" < to furnish
within one week blue prints showing the
lands now owned and in use by the com
pany. Schussler agreed to this, but said
he must withhold a proposed purchase of
land to complete- a $1,000,000 holding of the
company.- If the information was given
the price of some land on which the com
pany had an option for. $23,000 would be
raised ta $200,000, Schussler said. '. .
This Information asked for was denied us,
as well as the data regarding the amount of
water pumped at the various stations. -. The
Information was asked because the Board of
Works Is charged with fixing a value on water
rights, and It wanted to be guided by such
figures as the company could supply.
Grunsky referred to the fact that the
company had been' directed to furnish a
map showing the location, character and
size of the pipe in its distributing system,
which had not been done. He said:
We do not 1 desire to give away . our • private
business to the public. A- number of our. land
purchases are incomplete and the land, specula
tors would take advantage of the information
and raise prices tenfold. We would be wilitas
to snow a map of our real estate in confidence
to a committee of the board, but we cannot
publicly -disclose what we now own.
Ta a question of City Engineer Grunsky,
Schussler replied that it .was impossible to
make the maps of the lands owned by the
company ! within the time- Indicated and
more time was needed. Schussler said: -
Sclrussler Wants SIoto Time,
It was ascertained that tha inventory
of the company -had: been filed with the
Board of Works instead of the Super
visors. Schussler said that the figures on
the real estate ownedby the company and
other data had been filed last year and the
property purchased ' since . then . had been,
incorporated ; in th© statement filed with
the Board of Works.- Schussler submitted
a copy of the statement filed with the last
named board and It was admitted la evi
dence. The resolution on the subject was
read and showed that the company* was
directed to file the inventory with the Su
pervisors. Schussler stated that "the in
formation desired would take, ten months
and 1 cost *15,00O.. ... .. ¦::.
• Brandenstein ¦ suggested that the trai>
ecripts of the testimony taken in the twt>
former investigations of 1300 and- 1901 be.
offered in evidence and be considered as
part of the record In the present Inquiry.
Chief Engineer.; Schussler and M. B. Kel
logg,, attorney of the- Spring Valley Com
pany; assented to the proposition and a
motion on, the subject prevailed.
The first'snag experienced by the board
was the discovery, that only one state
ment regarding revenue and* expenditorea
of the Spring Valley Company, had been
filed, ¦' whereas' each' Supervisor was to
nave bad one to ' aid him In the Investiga
tion.' s? •; ,.• " ¦- - : r -. ¦. ¦- . -. . -
• The "Board of, Supervisors. met last night
as a committee ol'thefwt}.ole> lor the purr
pose of making a preliminary investiga
tion' preparatory to fixing water rates for
the. 'next •' fiscal year. The session was
devoted to the examination of representa
tives 1 of the Spring Valley Company, as to
theicost of construction: of the system.
Spring Valley- Company Fails
'to Comply "With Terms
" of Resolutiona \ -
Board of Supervispr3
Takes Preliminary
Action. :
BEGINS WATER
RATE INQUIRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 902.;
11
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
16, second floor, >Mille I building, X San Fran-
cisco, . February .4, 1902.— Dividend No. . 197,
v of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Co. will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, sec-
ond floor, Mills building, on February 15,
1902. Transfer books will close on February
9, 1902, at 3 p. m. » - -
¦ EDWARD McGART, . Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend, , No. 38, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share' on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202. 204.
200 Hay ward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10. 1902. Transfer books close Feb. 3,
¦ 1002. at noon. A.-A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPERTV-OWNEKS &^OJXTR ACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent, chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect it 6O0 a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty .flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, ' erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
PROPOSALS. > .;.' -.",-
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, j
Cal., February 1, 1902. — Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence -supplies, delivered, at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses in San
: Francisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at
i .this • office, will be received here -' until 11
• o'clock a. m., FRIDAY,' February 21, ] 902,
. and opened immediately thereafter, in ; pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in- !
. structions" to bidders and blank form of pro-
, posal will be furnished to established dealers
' on application to W. H. BALDWIN, Major
Commissary. . U. S. Army. Purchasing j Com-
i missary.
. MAKEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ' '. ¦ .
' Po-rlie H. Wheeler, 26, ljO6 Eddy street, and
Nellie A. Lynd, 26, 208" Turk street. > .
Gardner P. ¦ Pond, 33, 418 Bartlett street,
and Fhoebe W. Painter, 20, 20S8 Baker street.
Chris J. Bauer, 25, 1722 Buchanan street,
and Aileen L. Day, 21, 1902 Vallejo street.
William E. Swltzer. 23, 190S% Green street,
and Helen I. Coshlan, IT, 1908% Green street.
. William J. O'Donnell, 22, 315 Linden avenue,
and Kosle C. Fischer, 18,-210 Grove street. ~
George LuJeke, • 35, 559 Geary- street, and
May Willis, 35, 55«J Geary street. . :
Ereanuel A. Stern, 35, 1598 Bush street, and
Paula Beck,' 24, 444 Fulton street.
Willtsm A. Williams, 24, Dunsmulr, ; and
Ella G. Woodman, Iff, Or-oviHe: '.
- Edward C. Macfarlane, 49, Honolulu, and
Florence I. -Ba'dinser, 24, city. -.•¦¦ • .
Louie G. H. Thoene, 30, 702 Bush street, and
Wllhelmine K. ' Endlich, 18, 3029 Van Ness!
Ralph E. Williams, ¦ 21, ¦ 3507 Twentieth
street, and Leota Ash worth, 19, 3507 Twen-
tieth street. \ . ¦::¦¦¦-.¦¦¦
Albert S. Brummett, 23, 873A Market street,
and Birdie Foster, 20, :San Jose.
Alexander C. Gibson, 39. San Luis Obispo,
and Flora M. Brophy, 25, Templeton. --..
John Carroll, 32, 1324 Stevenson street, and
Elizabeth Shorten, 2ft, 510 Diamond street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and, be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JOHNSON — In this city, February 3,' 1902, to
the wife of E. T. Johnson, ; a son.
PETERSEN— In ' this city, February 4, 1902,
to the wife of Lawrence Petersen, a daugh-
ter.
VORBE — In this city, January 25, 1902, to the
wife of A. Vorbe, a daughter. ¦ .. . .
~~ "~ ' MARRIED. ~~
GIBSON— BROPHY— In this city, February 4,
1902, at the Russ House, by the Rev. Dr.
John A. B. Wilson, pastor of Howard-street
M. E. Church, Alex C. Gibson of San Luis
Obispo and Flora M. Brophy of Templeton.
MENTZ — BELLRUDE — Married in June last
at San Rafael, remarried - February 3, 1902,^
. by the Revt-S. -J. Lee, William Mentz and
A. Bellrude, both of San Francisco.
SCHLOTTER— GEHRING— In this city, Feb-
ruary 2, 1902. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Carl H. Schlotter of San Francisco and Em-
ma Gehrinir of ; Sacramento, Cal.
WALTER — PFIZMAIER — In this city, Febru-
ary 1, 1902,' by the Rev. Paul Branke, Albert
Walter and Mollie Pflzmaier, both of San
Francisco. ... • ¦
DIED. — —
Armstrong, Matilda . Hall, Hannah
Bielagk, Bruno ¦ Hesketh, Joseph E.
Blaisdell,. William A. Humphrey, Thos. M.
Blaker, -Katherine . f, Hussey, • Simon .-- ~
Brooks, Richard H. Kane, John
Brown, - Catherine - Lagan, Mary •
Bruhns, Elizabeth Lange. Andrew W.
• Campbell, Thos. C. McCarthy, Ruth E.
Carmatz, A. McSherry, Hugh F.
Clarke, Alfred ¦ Mahoney, Thomas J.
Cranz, Ethel ¦ A. »v ..Miller, Lambert
Dickinson, Harvey r, Millwand, Mary A.
Dinnen, Bartley A\r~. Mitchell. Robert M.
Don Bosco -f ,«.fni) ¦; Mooney, Elizabeth
Eckman, Sarah "A-'i Olsen, John E.
EHassen, Martin Permian, Brother '
Evans, Arthur. H. Ramer. Eliza V.
Foster, George ' Richardson, Geo.. F.
Gartland, Bernard Stone, Jennie C.
Gray, Robert B. Weber, John H.
ARMSTRONG — Near Livermore. February ' 4,'
1902, Matilda Bell Armstrong, wife of John
Armstrong, and mother of J. D., J. J., R.
L., N. W., W. B. and Ora Armstrong, Mrs.
S. B. McKelvey and the late Mrs. W.
Tocher, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aged 62 years 10 months and 28 days.
BIELAGK — In this city, February 2, 1902,
Bruno, dearly .beloved husband of Alice Bie-
lagk, a native of - Grossenhaen, Geermany.
aged 37 years 9 months and 2 days. A
member of. Verein Deutsche Foerders. - ¦ ,
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
; pany, 120H Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Cremation Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ;¦¦..,
BLAISDELL— In this city, February 3, 1902,'
William Albert, dearly beloved son of Wil-
liam J. and Lillian' Blaisdell, brother of
Raymond Blaisdell, and nephew of Rose,
Ethel and Albert .Adams, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 18 days.
, [CyFfiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 5, at, 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 5ti8 Fourth street. \ In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cem&tery.; . .-
BLAKER— In • Oakland, February 4, 1902,
Katlierine Blaker, beloved ; wife of Captain
C. H. Blaker, ani 5 mother of Mrs. A.' F.
Quaet and J: D., Jennie, James, Minnie,
Geoige, .Charles, and Milton Blaker, aged 45
years. > . ¦ . .-.. . .
E7"Notlce of . funeral, hereafter.
BROOKS — In this city, February 4, 1902, of
diphtheria, Rlclw.rd Henry, beloved 'son of
' Alpheus B. and Mary C- Brooks, a - native
,of San \ Francisco, aged 10 months , and > 2
days. ' - £
BROWN— In this city, February 2, 1902, Cath-
erine-Brown, beloved wife of the late Rich-
ard Brown, and mother ' of the late Jennie
Brown, a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 73 years. ' • • '1
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors
, of Porter '& White, 122 Eddy street, thence
. to St. Patrick's Church. Mission street, be-
tween Third and Fourth, where . a requiem
i high mass will be .celebrated for the repose
of hejf-soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRUHNS— In this city, February 3,' 1902,
¦ Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of the late
AVilHain H. Brubns. and aunt of George A.,-
Fred J. and Gi;a W. Wilhelm, a native of
York,, aged CO years 9 months and 20
iiENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS < AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone South 80/ ¦¦•'. ¦ •
Mt. 01 j vet Cemetery,
BAN BRUNO HILLS. '
PFFiCE 916 MARKET STREET.
,•; J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn; Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. • bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
I^uniteSIjnpe^^iSrsI
27 t»nd as> Fifth St. -Tel. South 167 1
niNERAL DIHECTORS AND EMBAIMERS.J
Finest Equipment at Moderate 1 Kates. ¦
NEW FIRM Urv IMDKrtTAKERS.
'. Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United . Undertakers' Association; M. J.
! McBrearty, with the . same - company for 18
years; P. ,F. Green,' late with J. C.O'Con-.
! nor &, Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone 'South 44. \ • v '
REMOVED!
' ' ' McGINN'BROS..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, and .EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 22(1 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy st. '« Tel. South 252.) '-'
OIL. ¦_¦__
•^Tt~"t»-k« second hand, in- good order; all
" ol h,£: cheai ' H. S. WHITE. 616 Mlesloa .t.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
,..,«. Spreckels building. 927 Market Bt— Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. - .
55ofT offices Just below Kearny et; $10;
• &V0 large store. Keyg 636 Clay gt.. room 1.
FERSOXAJLS. :
"X^Tfiesant line of remnant* for rotts to order.
c:v wiUi these euits we make an extra pair
Vrants free of charge; other suits on instali-
-cnts *1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
' t 'i..' between Seventh and Eighth.
ri FCTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et, near Market; 700 rooms;
•^ c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week*
J^<. bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
\\~VT 1^ 7 You can *•* certain of etyle and
fit t? usine Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
pn.rrestic office, 1021 Market et. near Sixth.
Wi-vVu' write ads? Send address to-day on
, v'r business stationery for Invaluable ln-
«fin»tioo free. Harper Syndicate. Columbu*.
oHio:v. '
T— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
XI 'is. makes colored shifts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 800 patterns.
<=H\MPOOING in 10 minutes, warm air price
50c: ha'.rdressinir. any style, 25c; switches.
W y::s. Q. LEDERKR. 123 Stockton et.
10 000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth Bt, room
11; call after 7 cm.
WHITE enamel iron beds, tingle, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling- or you are bald call on
J>r.G.S.Moore,332 O'FarrelUsend for circular.
5VFEKFLUOUS hair and moles removed ty
<;ectrie needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
XilFKEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
gVIERPT-ITOTJS hair permanently removed fcy
electric needle. Ml«s C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
A0T1NA for sale by the A'Vlda Company, 7C3
Valencia st, corner Nineteenth.
Skatir.g rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
cpen afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
eUPERFUJOtrS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter »t.
efPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c. AU drugglgU.
ilrs. Brings — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; lel.Larkin S171.
trPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. XUXN. 1002% Dolores st
ELECTRIC needle epecialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. -wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Ferrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Faxlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
TR. LAMOTTE'S TRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for S cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
rAXSTTERS A5TD DECORATORS. .
Booms papered $3 up; -whitening &. tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; teL Red 352L
Papering room, $3 up; painting, whitening rea-
sonble. Painter. 502 Stanyan; teL Park 15.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaaxd, president St. Germain " Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post; tel.Black 561.
I'HYSICIAXS AXD SCRGBOXS.
ABSOHTTeZt JFR.EE CONS Ui/TATION— J Jl
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself, DH.
FORDEN; No. 6 Turk st, corner Mason.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market gt; hours 10 to 8.
ER. C. C. O'DOXSELL — Of flee and residence.
1021H Market Bt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; s««
testimonials at office. 115-117 Magon.nr.EUla.
PL.AXIXG A3TD TCRM.\G MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory turning, planing:, eiiaplngr
and as.wlng. CARL P. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE--CITY- T -FOR SALE.
aTm. SPECK &ncoCT66TMarket. opp^^Kearny."
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
$1SO,000 — Market st; modern brick and Iron
building; 10 years' lease; rent $750.
$125,000— Corner; lot 70x130 ft; rent $900; 1
tenant
$100,000 — Corner; 275x137:6; splendid Improve-
ments; rented at $800 per month.
$70,000 — Reduced from $S0,OO0; cornerr 75x75
ft.; within one-third of block from
Market st. and close to Hibernla
Bank; stores end lodging-house;
best investment off Market St.; must
be sold.
$55,000 — Half block from Orpheum; 1 block
from proposed Crocker hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house.
$40,000 — Geary-st corner; lot 87:«xl37:6; very
substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net
$40,000 — Sansome-Et. corner; 68:8x137:6 ftf
nominal improvements; rents $212 50;
want offer.
$35,000 — McAllister-st corner: 85x98; gooi Im-
provements; rents $220.
$30,000 — Pine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats; building coet $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$25,000 — Po£t-et. corner; near Taylor: stores,
basement and 2 floors above; rents
very low at $134.
SI?, 500 — New Post-st. flats; dose to Leaven-
worth; rents $145; Investment pays
9 per cent.
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde ana Sutter:
rents $90.
$0,500 — Rents $103; lot 50x50; downtown In-
vestment. - ¦
$9,000— Elegant residence el 8 rooms; best
modern appointments.
S5.500 — Geary-et coper; 62 ft frontage;
half of property improved; a cheap
buy. .
$5,00C — 50 ft frontage; Cats near Sixth St.:
rents $66.
RESIDENCES.
$350,000— Lot 120x220 ft.; 3 frqntages; choicest
district; 18 rooms and batns; large
«n««_M^ le: re ? t * d at vresent for $350.
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st residence- 12
„ „ _ roome and baths; rents $100.
$5,000 — Golden Gate ave.: 10 rooms and
bath; lot 25x137:6 ft,
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
S60. 000— Corner; 48x82:6 ft; first corner fac-
ing Market et. north; sold for $42 -
«.,r*,wv 500 twenty years ago; want offer.
$37,500 — Turk et., close to Larkln; 87x137-6
ft. ; splendid cite for apartment hcuse.
$35,000 — 170x160 ft; suitable for manufactur-
ing purposes; 3 frontages; mortgage
$26,000.
$30,000—137:6x128 ft; N.TV. corner Gough
et:; marine and panoramic view.
$15,000— McAllister st, close to Buchanan-
75x137:6 ft
$5,000 — 100x100 ft.; 1 block from Golden
Gate Park.
V A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market 6t
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per yearl
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRYr— For Sale
BUT good land
At low price.
10 acres for f 1000.
1 $14.14 monthly;
V Close to pretty depot
Immediate possession gi"en.
In Santa Clara Valley, ¦
The richest in the world.
! Good and sincere people will
Plant and care for it
. Economically, carefully, skillfully.
The prettiest, richest colony in all California;
700 acres now planting. • It Is yet time to
save a year's time.
A sensible resolution is to save your earnings
and Invest them where the soil and sunshine
of Santa Clara Valley will help them multi-
ply.. Call or send f or new Illustrated catalogue.
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
offices 634 Market st. and San Jose.
AT PLACERVILLE^ — 300-acre all-purpose
ranch, . close in; 45 acres choice early frbit;
cheap water lAenty; large barn; email house;
horses, cow, v.-agons, tools; orchard rents
$1000 a year; new railroad will double value;
?5tvr articu!ars i uic k: a enap to close estate:
$6000. E. • N. EMMOKS & SON, room 4,
tenth floor^Mlllsl building. •
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCX)
% . .. t " ct£ - *«» to 900 per acre, on Rancho
•^otatt fc-onoma Co.; future value assured, as
.an Francisco is growing rapidly; location
? V£ or P oultr y end general farming. Apply
Tl ?* Cotatl Co.. 302 California st. for
pamphlets and Information.
E \£\ EMMONS & SON " h * ve moved from 11
Montgomery st. to room 4, 10th floor. Mills
b-ag. Country real estate a specialty. W«
want more property and reliable correspond-
??Al-L n c 8 - 11 parts of California. E. N. EM-
.MONS & SOX, room 4, 10th floor. Mills bldg.
r-ROFITABLE orange, tenon, peach and prune
M0t to sell; right locality: big money; easy
HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
HOULTRY and <3airy ranches all kinds; send
EUmp for free list. c. R. Winfield, Petaluma.
1 ty---FOR SALE.
EASTON." ELDRIDGE & COT ~ r ~~
AUCTION. 638Market8t -
AUCTION.
T-,^,,. AUCTION. •
lt«£. y "i February lit*. 1902
At our salesroom. No. 638 Market st.. at 12
o'clock noon.
Sontv THIRD- ST. CORNER.
hSh«S 5 corner (No. 401) Third, •IT "and
ne^! <??!?*•: "*<»•» and flat. 6 rooms; rents $65
Per month; lot 20x57:0 feet.
Northeasterly side (Nos. 403-405) Third Bt. 20
xeet southeasterly from Harrison st.; store and
nat, i rooms; rent $39 per month; lot 35x57:6
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
>. _. DENCE.
Aorth tide (No. 2004) Bush et.. 60 feet west
01 Lyon st.; large, elegant, modern residence,
o rooms and bath, with 3 finished rooms in
."""•'pent; oorcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.;
lot 2ox<5 feet; terms. one-Quarter cash, balance
on flat loan at « per cent.
ll MODERN OAK-ST. RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 92G) Oak Bt.. 90:10 feet west
ot Pierce st.: a- handsoiae sunny houie, 10
rooms and bath, high basement, porcelain tub.
sanitary plumbing, etc.; lot 26x140:6; "terms,
one-quarter cash, balance on, flat loan at 0
per cent. ' ..
PACIFIC-AVE. MANSION.
South Elde (No. 2719) Pacific ave., 142 feet
west at Scott et.: large, elegant modern resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath; reception halls, in-
laid floor*, cedar closets, etc.; lot 27:6xl27':8}l
feet; terms, one-quarter cash, balance on flat
loan at 6 per cent.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 2530) Washlncton st.. 47
feet east of Stelner St.; an elegant, attractive
residence, 9 rooms and bath; sun and light In
every room; elegantly -decorated; large lot, 44x
127:8%. feet.
LAKE VIEW HOME.
Northwest corner of De Montford and Julea
aves.; a modern cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
high basement, stationary tubs, etc.; one block
from Mission et. cars; lot 112:6x150 feet;
one-<iuarter cash, balance on flat loan
*at a cer . cent.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Northeast side (Nos. 243-245-247) Harriet st.,
225 feet southeast of Harrison St.; five flats.
S rooms each. In good condition; rents $54 per
month: large lot. 50x75 feet.
FULTON-ST. CORNER.
Xortheast corner Kulton Bt. and Parker ave.;
large, unimproved corner lot, level and ready
for building; McAllister-st. cars pass this
property; will be sold in subdivisions; lot 109:8
xl28 :10»$ feet. , .
RICHMOND LOT. *
West line of Cook Gt.. 300 feet • north of
Point Lobos ave.; a fine, level lot. ready for
building:: street isewered. macadamized, etc.;
lot 25x120.
OCEAN VIEW HOME.
North side (No. 206) Minerva St., 55 feet
•west of Capital et. : a weft-bullt cottaee, 4
rooms and bath; In good condition; lot 25x100
feet.
ALSO
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital sts.;
a fine, level lot, ready for buil'ding; 65x100
feet: terms. one-Quarter cash, balance on flat
loan at 6 per cent.
* EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market - st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
1 - 638 MARKET STREET.
. 638 MARKET STREET.
638 MARKET STREET.
$14,000 — Three new modern flats, 7 rooms and
bath, on the north side of Page et.,
near Buchanan; rents $1500 per an-
num; lot 27:6x120 to Lily ave.
$8,500 — Two new modern flats? 6. 7 rooms and
bath; north side of Sutter st., near
Fillmore; rents $900 per annum; lot
24:10x137:6 feet.
$11.500 — Three flats, 6, 6. 7 rooms and bath;
Just completed; north side of Page
st.. near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x
137:6 feet; rents $1320 per annum.
$10.500 — Will be completed in a few days;
rents $1200 per annum; 3 sunny up-
to-date flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x106.
$2<$ t 000 — Three modern flats. 8, 8, 9 rooms and
bath; north of Market St., only 3
blocks from Market and Powell; lot
25x137:6 feet.
|500 Cash, balance same' as rent — New
modern cottage, 6 rooms; porcelain
tub, etc; just finished; up to date in
all details; best part of Ashbury
Heights; close to electric cars; $3000.
$11.500 — 16th St.. between Mission and Va-
lencia; 2 stores with living rooms and
house 12 rooms, 2 baths; rents $1130
per annum; lot 30x97:6 feet. ,.
{ 0,500 — Frederick e%:, near Ashbury; house,
8 rooms, bath and hard-finished base-
ment; only 3 years old; lot 26:3x100
feet.
* $5,000 — Squthwest corner of Jackson st.;
magnificent marine view; 2 modern
flats, 6 rooms - and bath each ; lot
27:8V4x95:3 feet, _. - -
$3,000 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 3
rooms could be finished in attic: hard-
wood floors: brick foundation; 4 years
old; Fourth ave., near Clement st.;
lot 25x120 feet.
.$8,000 — Three new modern up-to-date flats,' 5,
5, 6 rooms and bath; vents $78 per
month; all rented; flats will be com-
pleted in about 20 days; Folsom Et.
$500 cash, balance same as rent — Cot-
tage, .10 rooms and bath; fine neigh-
borhood; Ashbury Heights; $2000.
$3.750 — Four good flats, 3" rooms each; near
Tenth and Folsom Ets.; rents $480 per
annum; lot 25x85 feet.
$3,100 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
up to date in all details; rents $300
per annum: Eureka St.. near Eight-
eenth; lot 25x125 feet.
$6,000 — Modern residence, 8 rooms and bath;
north side. of Sacramento St., near
Eteiner; lot 26x103.
$8,500 — Three modern flats. 6, 7, 8 rooms and
bath; rents $!>&} per annum; Jackson
Et., near Devisadero; lot 25x128:6 feet.
$3,500 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 5
yeans old; Twenty-second et., 'near
Florida; lot 59x100 feet. ~
$6,500— Modern residence, 8 rooms and bath;
Webster St., near Clay.
$3,700 — Shotwell st.. near Twenty-fourth;
dwelling, 9 rooms and bath and new
2-story barn; lot 65x105 alone worth
the money. '
$1.150 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; Tenth
ave., near L et. ; sewered and macad-
amized; lot 25x120. • . t
$6,750 — Modern residence, 9 rooms and bath;
north side of Waller st,, near Masonic
ave.; lot £5x100 feet.
$5,000 — Modern residence. 10 rooms; north
Bide' of Clay st., near Webster; lot
27:6x104 feet. #
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$12,000— Sixth Bt., near Harrison; 50x165 to
Morris ave.; 4 flats in rear of . lot:
rents $38.
$8,000 — West line of Devisadero St., near Ful-
ton; lot 55x137:6 feet.
$5,500 — Northwest corner Sacramento st. :
37:6x102:8%.
$4,500 — Fifth St., near Folsom; old Improve-
ments; 25x100.
$3,000 — Make offer; northeast corner San Jose
ave. and Twenty-ninth Bt. ; lot 26:8V>x
117 feet.
$2.750 — Page Bt., near Lyon; 25x100. .
$2,500 — Seventh St., near Bryant; old' im-
provements; 25x85.
$2,500 — Waller Bt., near Masonic ave.; 25x125
feet.
$1.900 — Devisadero St., near Waller; 25x125
feet.
$1.300— Bryant st, near Twenty-fifth; street
bituminized; 27:8x100 feet.
$1,250 — North line of Twenty-second St., near
Florida; 25x104.
.. $950 — Golden Gate ave.. near Masonic; 25x
* 100.
$900 — York et., near Twenty-fifth; 27:8x100.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market.
THREE pt the handsomest flats in the city;
built one year ago; northeast corner; West-
* ern Addition; 30x100; sun and light all day;
each flat contains nine rooms, including llv-
• ing room, den, billiard room, etc.; two baths;
furnace, hot water heater, hardwood floors,
etc.; always rented; $2100 per year; price
$22,500. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, Real
Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery st.
IF you have a residence, or any 1 vacant lots,
on any of the etreete from Vallejo to Lom-
bard, Polk to Lyon, and you wish to make
a quick sale then call on W. J. GUNN, 530
California Bt. . -.-¦.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. \
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents ¦ collected. ____¦"__•_
BARGAIN — Fine sunny cottages, 5 rooms and
all modern improvements; .high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door: Email
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
• 31st Ets.; see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
$1000 CASH and $37 50 month buys new home
near Gold* Gate Park; send for- book on
"Homes." WM. P. TODD. 630 Market 8t.
$7500 — FOR sale, business corner grocery with
6 living rooms and stable; 9-room flat above.'
j. p.-FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.;
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
* BERKELEY - REAL ESTATE.
$1250 CASH, $33 per month, pays for" a $4000
home in full in 120 payments; modern house,
¦ 8 rooms and bath; 50 ft. lot; 10 minutes to
local and 10 minutes to State University;
-. send for "Homes." WM. P. TODD, : 630
¦ Market st..S. F.. or 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
: FRCITVAIE IlEAL ESTATE. ;
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of .6. rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote; etc.; > ornamental grounds; • fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R.. FREUD, Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. " i ¦ - ' '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE-^1118, BROADWAY.
OAKL.AJfD HEAIi_ ESTATE.
$250 CASH, ' balance $33 per month, 120 pay-
ments, pays for in full a new 8-room house;
10 minutes' -walk to. local; send for "Homes."
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland, or
. 630 Market St.. S. F. - ¦ ,,
7 NEW homes 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrimac or Twenty-eighth st..' between Tel-
egraph ave. and Grove st. ; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
6. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st. ¦ ' •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
IlOOftS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome sunny
. suites;. all modern improvements; uas, bath.
reception rm. ; nr. park and school ; rent rea-
• Eonable. St. James, McAllister and Laguna.
EDDT, 522 — Sunny parlor floor, 4 rooms; house-
keeping; complete; bath; .phone; gas. .
FIFTH, 119 — Sunny furnished and housekeep-
ing rooms; second flat. :
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny front suite,
large back room ; bat Jy, range, gas, etc.
GOLDEN GATE,- 1202 — Lower floor 4 fur. rms. ;
grate, running water, range laundry. . ,
HAIGHT, 232— Five sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; must be seen • to be appre-
ciated.
LARKIN, 819% — Sunny alcove rooms; ga»
stove, bath, phone^$1650; hsekppg rms., $12.
MCALLISTER, 2000, cor. Central ave. — 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping, $7; . /
OAK, 119 — Two sunny rooms furnished heavy !
housekeeping; yard; 3 closets; storage; $12 50.
POST, 975 — Newly furnished suite, dressing- [
room, -with hot and cold water; also sunny I
double rooms; bath; phone.
Virginia.1005 Powell-2sunny front housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscrlptions has been established at -1096
Valencia st. - ¦ •
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by -week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
- light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BRYANT, 428 — Front • bay-window . room with
running water; , suitable for two. • .
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
- nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished,
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
85c, $1 60 night; $1 50, $6 wk. ; open all night.
ELLIS, 413 (The Pierpont) — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths.
FILLMORE, ' 2320 — Large eunny furnished
room. ' ' .' ¦
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
cd suites and single; travelers accommodated:
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. Tth and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at' moderate charges; BUit,single;elevat.
JONES, 906 — Lower flat, ' suite of three extra
large \ sunny front rooms, newly furnished,
i suitable as bachelor apartments; will accom-
modate four adults; bath, phone, grate, hot
and cold water; breakfast If desired; vacated
the 8ti. • • ! . '¦
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.'
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. ,1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single. ¦" •
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights;- day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 317— Sunny furnished rooms for
gentlemen, $8 and $10; bath.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to (8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171 — Corner house; Eunny- furnish-
ed rooms to let; single or double.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences' at
Hotel Et. Penis', 24 Turk gt.
STOCKTON. 832— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. , ¦ ,.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements . and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electric lights; -hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished ;. good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
Bt.: conservatories. 1
CROCKER, The,' 915 Leaven worth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt..
EDDY. 316 — Sunny room, elegantly furnished,
for refined couple or two young men.
NIARA, 615 Tayloi* — Sunny front and back
suites f excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)-^Select
family. hotel;. exceptional table; popular rates.
Irvingdale, 626 Eddy — Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper for_ mailing, $1 per year. 1
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch .office. 2200 Fillmore.*
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6
Valencia st. • ,- '
* RUPTURE SANITARIUM.' '
KuSuRECURE-TREATMENT FREe!
\ If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st., rooms 5 and 6; new system. '
~ SPECIAL NOTICES. . : T~
AMERICAN CRUDE "OIL BURnIEr 66?— Dis'
places other burners and installs in San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
7% per cent saving in oil. • Send for cata-
logue and Treatise on Oil Burning. Address
works. 226 Fremont st. .' .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
' CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
-ALL kinds bought,' sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng;" lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrtng; lowest rates ; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE^AND ' Jff AREHOUSES. '
PIE^tCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
office Post and Powell Bts.; tel. Main 6713!
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel.- Howard 941. .F. W. ZEHFUSS.*
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st.-
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates."
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYP^WRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3; The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California,' telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER- Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ; estimate free. 20D Sansome.
' College, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
•commencing at 10. o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. . .- ». .
RAMER— In Oakland, at 2116 Chestnut street,
* February 4. 1902, 'Eliza Virginia, wife ot
John G. Ramer, and mother of George and
Annie Ramer. a native of West Virginia,
aged 64 years and 15 days. . . • ,
RICHARDSON— In this city, February 3. 1902,
* George F., beloved son of Elizabeth and the
late Jchn Richardson, and brother of —A — W.,
John J., Edward W. and Frederick Richard-"'
, con and Mrs. A. Wallace, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years and 15 days. A
member of Court Columbia No. 55, F.of A.-
tC?"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
( Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
- residence, 605 Natoma street, thence to St.
'Joseph's Church, where a requiem high maja
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . .- ¦• ¦ „
STONE-^-In this city, February 4, 1902, Jen-
nie C. , beloved wife of W. W. Stone. ¦ and
mother of Mrs. Frank McCulloueh of Lob
Angeles and Mrs. N.- P. Cole Jr., a native
: of Grand Rapids. Mich.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
WEBER— In this city. February 4, 1902.' John
H:," beloved husband of the late-Mary Weber,
and father of Peter H. and John W. Weber;
Mrs. J. Duncan, of Clayton, Contra Costa'
County,-, and Mrs.- Annie Stockfleth; a native
1 of Denmark, 'aged 74 years 2 months and 11
days. - . -
CRemalns at the parlors . of the United
Undertakers. 27 »and 29 Fifth street. .
days. A member of Loyal Rebekah . Lodge
No. -215. I. O. Q. F*. - -•.-. . ¦¦¦.¦' ' ' -
' " s E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 409 Dolores street, •¦ between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetry. > - .: .. " '%/
CAMPBELL— In Londonderry, Ireland. -Feb-
ruary 2, 1902, Thomas C. Campbell Esq.,
,' J. P.. brother of Hon. James R. Campbell.
M. L. C-. Melbourne, Australia, George C.
, Campbell of Chicago and V?. H. Campbell
' of. San Francisco, in his 68th; year.
CARMATZ— February 4, 1902, of pneumonia,
A.. Carmatz, a native of. Austria, aged C9
¦ years. .¦ - ' ¦' ¦-. ¦ • ¦ .;: ; ¦ , ' ¦
CLARKE — In this city, February 3, 1902, Al-
fred, beloved husband of Johanna F. Clarke,
a native of /Tramoore, County Waterford,
" Ireland, aged 69 years 7 months and 20
days. ' ¦ ¦- . ' " -v ¦.••-¦ ' ' •
CTThe funeral will take p^lace to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1208 ¦ Masonic avenue, thence to
St. Agnes Church, where a ' requiem high
mas will be celebrated for the repose, of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment private. ;
CRANZ— In this city, February 4, 1902, Ethel
Adele, tbeloved daughter of Emma and the
late Dr. Frank H. Cranz, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years -2 months and 14
days. ' • \ , -...-¦« ' -
DICKINSON— In this city, February 3.-1902.
Harvey, beloved'. "husband of Maruaret N.
Diokinson, father of August Dickinson, and
grandfather of Margaret, Mary and Harvey
Dickinson, a native of Granby,,Mass., aged
81 years 3 months and 28 days.
C?Funeral will take place Wednesday,
February 5. 1902, at 2-.o' clock, from, his late
; re3idtr.ee, 424 Vallejo street. Interment pri-
" vats. I Please omit flowers. ¦¦ v • .
DINNEN— In this city, February 2, 1902,
• Bartley Dinnen. a native of Detroit, Mich.,
aged 42 years. ./ : ' -
¦ (C^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited "to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the. par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
¦ ,tery. ,, i ' ¦ ¦ ¦
DON . BOSCO — A solemn requiem mass on the
occasion of the fourteenth anniversary of the
death ' of Don 1 Bosco, the founder of the
Salesian order/' will be celebrated to-morrow
¦ ; (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, in the Church of
Corpus Christi, 60 Crdke' street, near Mis-
sion street. (.¦: .-..,.
ECKMAN— In this city, February 4; -1902,
Sarah Avery, wife of A. O/-' Eckman, and
•mother of Alice E. Cramer and J. T. and
-A. O. Eckman Jr., a native of New York,
aged 51 years. 7 months and 5" days. ' -
• ¦ ¦ [CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow. (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Bunker
& Lunt, 2660. Mission street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third, Mission Masonic
Temple." 1 Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ELIASSEN— In Oakland, February 4, 1P02, at
1607 Market street, Martin Edward Eliassen.
beloved husband of Hannak C. Eliassen. and
' ' father of Edward R.; Charles H., George
W.. Howard A.. Florence E., Walter H." and
Oliver C. Eliassen, a native of NoBvay, aged
54 years. .
EVANS— In Altruria, Sonoma County, Cal.,
February 3, 1902. Arthur Herbert Evans,
beloved husband of Emma Evans, and father
of Cora M., Gladys E. and Arthur H. Evans,
a native ofWaukeean, 111., aged 52 years 7
months and 23 days. (Waukegan, 111., and
Napa, Cal., papers pleaEe copy. Copy death
notice only.) 1 .- . -.. • ¦• ••
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
' tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thure-
' *ay), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 14
Park Hill avenue. Interment private. " ¦
FOSTER — In this' city, February 4. 1902,
George, beloved husband of Sarah H. Foster,
and father of Allie T., Edward T.; George
L. and Harold Foster, a native of England,
-aged 58 years. (Virginia City papers please
copy.) . . • ....
IcyNotice of funeral hereafter.
GARTLAND — In this city, February 4, 1902,
Bernard Gartland, beloved husband of Ann
Gartland, and father of John B. and Edward
F. Gartland and Mrs. Thomas McDonald, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 77
years 1 month, and 10. days.
K7" Interment at French Gulch. Shasta
County, Cal. - '
GRAY — In thia city, February 4, 1902, Robert
Burns, beloved son of Catherine L. Gray,
and brother of Thomas L. Gray and Mrs.
G. R: Gunn, a native of San Francisco, aged
' 23 years 1 month and 12 days.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
February 6, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 148 California avenue.
HESKETH — In this city, February 4, 1902,
Joseph E., beloved son of the late Joseph
and Catherine Hesketh, and brother of Wal-
ter Hesketh, Mrs. A. Rauschenbach and Mrs.
J. Mahan, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 3 months and ' 21 days.
, . C5"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. A. Rauschenbach, 1704
Harrison street, thence to St. Charles Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HALL— In Oakland, at 768 Lydia street, Feb-
ruary- 4, 1902, . Hannah, . wife of. James: J.
Hall, ' a native of England, aged " 69 years
10 months and 5 days. ; .. . -*
HUMPHREY — In Oakland, at 120 Ath'ol ave-
. nue, February 4, 1902, Thomas M., husband
of Minnie :J. .Humphrey, and father of Oral
and Pearl O. Humphrey, a .native of Min-
neapolis, Minn. ..aged 55 years and 10
months. - -' '.'¦-¦
ICT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. '
HUSSEY — Entered Into rest. February 3, 1902,
Simon, relict of Sara Hussey, a native, of
Tullamore, Kings County, Ireland, aged 88
years. - ¦ . ,....-••. .¦ •- ¦ ¦ • •
.- (C?"The funeral will take place -, to-day
(Wednesday),, at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,- 1141 Taylor street, thence to St:
Mary's Church (Paulist), where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment private. ;• ¦
KANE— In this city, February 4, 1902, John,
beloved husband - of Kate Kane, father of
Florence and . Edna and the late Ethel and
• Raymond Kane, j and ' brother of Margaret
Flanagan," a native of County Kildare, Ire-
land. *.'¦- . ..
LAGAN — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend a month's mind
requiem mass for the repose of the soul of
the late Mary Lagan at St. Ignatius Church
to-morrow (Thursday), commencing at 8:30
o'clock. • ' . ' . . .
LANGE— In this city, February 1, 1902, An-
. drew W., dearly beloved husband of Jo-
hannah Lange, father of Kittle, John, An-
nie and Charlotte Lange and Mrs. William
Howe, a native of Brooklyn, New York, aged
50 years 5 months, and 2 days. (Brooklyn
and* New York papers please copy.)- : ,
B3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services Wed-
nesday, February 5, at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 184 Rues 'street, between Sixths
. and Seventh, Howard and Folsom. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . ¦
McOARTHY— In this city, February ¦ 4, 1902,
Ruth Euphemia, beloved daughter of Effte
and Andrew McCarthy, and sister of John
¦ McCarthy and the late Michael McCarthy, a
native of South San Francisco; aged 12 days.
McSHERRY---A month's mind mas3 will be
celebrated 'for the repose • of the soul of
' the late Hugh F. McSherry at St. Brendan" b
Church Friday mornlne, February 7> com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are invited
to attend. . . ¦ ¦ :
MAHONEY— In this city, February 3. 1902,
Thomas J. Mahoney, aged 40 years. ¦
IE?" Remains at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Maass, 917 Mission . street.
MILLER— In this city, February 3, 1902, Lam-
bert Miller, a native of Rottenburg, Wurtem-
burg, Germany, aged 27 years 8 months and
1 17 days. -'A member of Branch No. 22, Glass
Bottle Blowers'- Association, and of the
Schwaben Verein. .
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the fu-
'neral parlors of H. F. Maass, . Sir Mission
. street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, corner-
Tenth and Howard streets, where, a requiem
high mass will be ¦ celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦,:,-.
THE officers and members of Branch No. 22,.
Glass Bottle Blowers' Association of • the
United States anfl Canada, are hereby or-
dered to assemble -at the funeral narlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, to-morrow
< (Thursday), at 8 o'clock, to attend the fu-
' neral of our late brother, Lambert Miller.
By order JAMES BEEGAN, President.'
' P. J. DIEZ, Secretary. . : -
MILLWARD— In this city, February 4, 1902,
Mary A., beloved wife of the late Georgei
Millward, and .mother of Mary A., John and
Thomas Millward, Mrs. T. L. Stephenson,
Mrs. J. R. Howell and Mrs. W. R. Grandy, a
¦ native of Staffordshire, England, aged 75
; years 1 month and IS days..
MITCHELL — In Alameda, February 3, 1902,.
.. Robert Martin Mitchell, beloved husband of
Marie Mitchell, and father of 'Frank. George
E., Robert M. Jr.- and William A. Mitchell,
a native of Dublin, ' aged 81 years C months
and 16 days. ¦:¦ > "" - ' ' : ' ' .
IE7"The funeral -will ¦ take place to-day
(Wednesday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. IF. Suhr- & . Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. ' Crema-
' tion private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
' electric funeral car from Eighth and Harri-
son streets. Please omit . flowers.
MOONEY — In this city, at St. Joseph's Hospi-
tal, ¦ February 4, 1902, Elizabeth Mooney,
dearly . beloved wife of:, the late '.Michael
¦Mooney. mother of Joseph and. Augustine
Mooney, sister of Peter Kelly," Mrs. Thomas
.Kelly, and v Mrs. P. M. Wellin, and ...grand-
;: mother of . Joseph and John ¦. Grennan and
Mrs. M.Qulllinan, a native of Ireland. 1
¦ EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, - 29 Van • Ness avenue, 1
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner Fill-'
more and Fell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be- celebrated for the repose of
her soul, 1 commencing aj. 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
' ment Holy Cross Cemetery. \
OLSEN— In this city, | February 4, 1902, John
¦ : Ernest, beloved "son of ¦:- John and Hann*
: Olsen, and halfbrother - of Anna, Edward
. Albert . and Hendrick Laaninen, a native of
• ! San Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and "7
v! .days. : • •' Y •..-"I,' 1 .'..-•'. / ¦ ¦•-.. , : . •'¦;.:¦..•
PERMIAN— In Oakland. February . 4. • 1902,
Brother Permian (known in life as Frederick
. Moller), a native, of Germany, aged 73 years
,and 16 days. ¦ >:' * ; •' • '- k . '
¦ • ¦ cy Friends : and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at .10 o'clock, from St. Mary'sDivision No. 17 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians in America will give an en
tertainment and dance in Mission Opera
Hall next Saturday. The committee- in
charge has "prepared a very Interesting
programme.- It will include Gaelic songs,
jigs, reels, specialties by well-known min
strels and! a one-act farce entitled
"Caseyjs ¦ Theatrical Troubles," in whicn
Messrs. McCormick, Gllson and Shaw "will
take part. / :••*'<">'
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough. 50 cents at all druggists.
said J3. E. Schmltz. as Mayor of the city and
county of San . Francisco, unlawfully and
"wrongfully- claims the right, power and au
thority to fill the vacancy created in the offlce
of said Justices' clerk or chief clerk of the
Justices of the. Peace of said city and county
by reason of the resignation of said former
clerk. E. W. Williams, from the provision of
the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco, ratified May 26. 189S, approved by
the Legislature, of the State of California Janu
ary 26. 1S99, and in force and effect on the 8th
day of January, 1000, and especially from sec
tlpn 4 of chapter 1, article 4, of said charter;
that plaintiff Is advised and believes, apd upon
such information and belief alleges that said
claim of said Mayor to make such appointment
in said offlce Is without right and contrary to
law. and that no power to appoint a Justices"
clerk •' or chief clerk of the Justices of „ the
Peace of said city and county Is i conferred -upon
said Mayor of. &ald city and county by the
said charter of the city and' county of San
Francisco, or by any provision ' thereof, and
the plaintiff is informed and. advised, and so
alleges that if any such power of appointment
Is assumed to be vested in I said Mayor with
respect to said "office of Justices* clerk of
said Justices of the . Peace, or .chief clerk of
the Justices of the. Peace, by said provision of
said charter, ' 'such provision, and especially
said section 4 of chapter 1. article 4. Is In
conflict with the general. law of .the State of
California and contrary to and In violation of
section SM of article 11. of the constitution of
the State of California, and is unconstitutional,
null and void.'
Perpetual Injunction Prayed for:
The complaint further alleges that
Fredrick and his deputies filed their sal
ary warrants with the Auditor in due
form, demanding pay for alleged services
performed between, January 21 and 31 In
clusive, and that said warrants are. ille
gal, null;_£hd void. The prayer of the
complaint follows: ' ; .V'v! •
> Wherefore, the law and the premises con
sidered, plaintiff prays an order. Judgment and
decree of 'this court commanding - and requir
ing that the writ of Injunction Issue out of and
under the seal of this court enjoining and re
straining the said defendant as such Auditor
from drawing the warrants of . the Auditor of
the city and county of -San Francisco in favor
of the said Powel Fredrick for the. sum of
$64 50; or in favor of B. ¦ P. Byers -for the
s%m of JS2 15; or in favor of George F. Au
bertine for the sum of $32 25; or "in favor ot
James' H., Roxburgh for the sum of . W 2.">.
and from-. drawing any warrant for any sum
whatever in favor of said .last named persons
or any warrant for any sum whatever In favcr
of any or I either of them, or any warrant . at
all . touching or relating ¦ to the said alleged
demands of said last, named persons, or either
cr any of .them, in* any sum or amount of
money -whatever; that the -said defendant aa
such . Auditor be directed and required to . be
.and appear before this court a< a specified time
and place and then and there show cause why
an Injunction pendente lite should not.be Js
sued enjoining and restraining him from draw
ing said above mentioned warrants or either
or any of them for or on behalf or In favor
of said above mentioned i parties or either ! or
any of them, or from drawing any. warrant at
all touching or f relating to said alleged de
mands or any or either of them; that the court
by Its order duly made and entered in the
meantime restrain said defendant as such Au
ditor from drawing such ¦ warrants above- re
ferred to In favor of said last mentioned per
sons or either or any of them, or from \cira wing
any warrant in favor of either or any of them
In any amount; that upon the final hearing
the said Injunction be made perpetual against
said defendant, and for such other and further
order Judgment and decree in the premises as
may. 'be meet and proper and the nature , of
th« case retrulre. . ' : ¦ . .
FINDS FALSE ENTRY.
Justices' Clerk Fredrick Discovers
Suit on .Which Trial Fees Are
.. ¦ Unpaid." ~ ¦ ' ...
The Mayor's appointee as clerk of /'he
Justices' Court, Powel Fredrick,, discov
ered another irregularity yesterday in the
records' of the offlce from which Ed Wil
liams resigned.: In looking over, the pa
pers the case of "Jake" Rauer vs. Fred
H. Hood and Charles T. Bandman;
which was filed on December . 24, lSJt*;
Fredrick found that a- false entry had
been made in the docket-book purporting
to show that the trial fees had been paid.
The entry read December 9 $3. and was
written in by some person not attached to
the Office. * '-V ¦
Fredrick immediately ordered an ex
amination of the cash books for Jive
years past, but -there was no entry- to
show that the fees had in reality been
paid. Fredrick points to this irregularity
as another instance of the laxity with
trial ' and proper proceedings had • before the
Board of Supervisors of said city and county.
The acts or offenses so charged against the plain
tiff were. that plaintiff had In the mqnth of Oc
tober. ». 1001, and prior to his nomination' as
the candidate for County. Clerk by. the -Repub
lican local convention of. the: city and county
of San Francisco, promised and agreed In writ
ing that he would procure and give .certain
employment in his office to certain persons In
censideration of 'their, aiding ' in securing . his
nomination and-., aiding in -his election, and also!
that in consldesatlon of moneys advanced to
him by various persons he' had agreed to a"p
polnt certain -other persons named by the per-;
sens advancing said moneys to positions .of
trust in. the 'office of County Clerk in the city
and county of San" Francisco in the event of
his election as such County ClerK. and that he
had carried out his said promlses;by appoint
ing sjuch. persons in some instances; . and that
such promises were made after, he been
nominated and while he was a candidate ; for
election to the offlce of County Clerk. : • '
¦ And • further that he had agreed with • tlvj
.persons alleged- to have so - advanced .such
moneys to him that they should have the. right
and privilege, and -that .he would grant . them
the' business of discounting', at the- rate, of 5
pei cent. per month the salary; demands of. nil
his deputies and employes > in. the Cqunty Clerk's
offlce :f or -the- two years of -his term .'and' that
said 4>er6bns so advancing such moneys should,'
In addition to the precentages > of discounting
said, salary '-demands,' be reimbursed out ot the
salaries; of his employes and 'deputies for; the
advances, so made to 'plaintiff, . alleged to
amount to $3850. . . i :: .: .. ; '» r
-In ' addition to these 1 charges i other.- matters
were alleged against said plaintiff in, his-offi
cial capacity as '-County Clerk; consisting of
willful. misconduct in office.-- < .¦. '.--. .•
Debarred From" Holding . Office.
. • Alleges that . he is advised and believes and
therefore alleges that if said acts and crimes,'
so 'charged ; to . have ¦ been committed j by plaintiff
as aforesaid, were In "fact committed by plain
tiff, plaintiff I thereby forfeited his . said offlce
of County. Clerk. of eaid City and' County of San
Francisco, and became aver. since, has been and
now' is forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected or appointed to any office or being
employed In .the . service of sald'city and' county
of gan ' Francisco. > ¦¦¦¦>':' '/-.-., i
Alleges that defendant as such Mayor 'has
lawful • power, . authority . and ; right to suspend
said plointift-from his said office and that: the
commission of -such offenses' as were Charged
.against him, ( and willful : misconduct : in office
and willful neglect of duty, if .the defendant
as such MayoV were convinced that the plaintiff
was guilty thereof," would be sufficient cause
for such suspension. -. /^' ; ..*:....,' t .
.- Admits that he was - investigating said
charges,- off entes,' willful misconduct and neg
lect of duty at the time of the filing of I the
complaint herein; and that at the time of the
issuance, of , the alternative writ of prohibition
herein.- • ¦• /¦ :•!. ¦ *••«,'. t,\ ¦ '¦¦• ,» i
. ?Denies-'that' up to the- time .of -filing of the
complain J, ."herein • he threatened . to suspend or- rj ¦
jnove the plaintiff from his office : of .County
Clfrk or that at the time of the Issuance' of
the alternative writ herein he was' proceeding
to suspend or remove the plaintiff' as .County
Clerk in «xcess of | his lawful ¦ jurisdiction or
otherwise. " " • ,. ,"' ¦/ ¦ ¦¦ . •; ..
And avers that he had not at the time of the
filing of said complaint or at the time of the
issuance of the alternative writ of .prohibition
determined or concluded as to what action, If
any. he should take in the premises.
Denies that said . charge in the plaintiffs
complaint .- waa the only - matter, question,
charge or controversy pending between the de
fendant, as Ms yor, and the said, plaintiff, 1 as
County .Clerk, but avers that he as such Mayor
was " investigating . other, matters , Involving the
willful r neglect of duty by I said County Clerk
and his willful misconduct; .¦¦•¦- /
Threats of Rsmoval Denied.
Alleges that defendant has taken 'no further
action upon the matter of eatd charge and com
plaint than that herelnabove set forth and has
not suspended or removed plaintiff from • said
office of County Clerk of; said city and- county
of San Francisco, and has not. presented any
charges against said plaintiff to said -Board of
Supervisors of said city and county, and that at
ao time j>rlor to the filing of the . complaint
THE matter of the pre-election con
tract signed , by. County. Clerk
Mahony in violation of the pro
visions of the purity of election
law, by the terms of which he
agreed to- appoint ex-County Clerk Deane
as his chief deputy and which was ex
posed by The Call three weeks ago, was
taken up by the Grand Jury yesterday. •
It will be remembered that after the ex
posure by The Call Mayor Schmitz held
an investigation, with the result 'that he
was about to suspend Mahony when the
latter frustrated that design by securing
a writ of prohibition -In the. Superior
Court. The facts as brought out by the
inquiry' before the Mayor were brought to
the attention of the Grand Jury, with the
result thM a more searching inquiry was
resolved upon. Numerous witnesses were
subpenaed and their testimony heard
yesterday. " " . ¦ "
. Ex-County Clerk Deane testified that
Mahony agreed to appoint him as his
chief deputy and that there was a written
contract to that effect. The contract, he
said, was drawn up by John Flood, a
copyist in his office, and was signed by
Fiood and Gregory Valero as witnesses.
Flood testified to drawing up the con
tract, and said that he had signed it with
Valero as witness. The contract was an
agreement on Mahony' s part to appoint
Deane as chief deputy. - *-
Notary Public J. J. Deane , swore that
he had seen the contract in question, and
Gregory Valero testified to. having ap-
tiff and his attorney, was had merely for the
purpose ,of . satisfying his own mind and of
acting fairly toward the plaintiff, '
The defendant denies that no willful neglect
of plaintiffs .duty as County Clerk or official
misconduct . has. cpme to the knowledge of the
defendant as . such .Mayor. * ••. ¦ ; . '..
Denies that, .defendant . as such Mayor or
otherwise has wrongfully or otherwise has
wrongfully or unlawfully or, in excess of juris
diction or. without Jurisdiction entertained or
proceeded to hear any cause of complaint or an
alleged cause of complaint ¦ against plaintiff ;
and denies that f9r-the purpose of,,entertain
ing and hearing or • hearing . or entertaining or
hearing said complaint or - any .complaint
against plaintiff, defendant 'as such' Mayor or
otherwise has wrongfully or unlawfully assumed
the jurisdiction pr.rifeht to -subpena. witnesses
or take testimony, or that" defendant' has wrong
fully or unlawfully subpenaed witnesses, or
taken testimony and.'-pon any charges' or com
plaint against plaintiff. . and denies that de
tendant has wrongfully or unlawfully 1 or In ex
cess of Jurisdiction or without Jurisdiction-sub
mitted the matter' of' said complaint;, against
plaintiff to himself for decision or for any
other purpose, and denies that defendant a»
such Mayor is ' devpld of jurisdiction to 'hear
and entertain said complaint against ' plaintiff
or to act thereon. ¦ '-'. '. ' '-'I
Charges Brought Against? Mahony.
In this behalf 'defendant' alleges that on -or
about the 14th day' of January," 1902. certain
charges and complaints against plaintiff ,were
brought to the attention of defendant as such
Mayor, wherein it was charged and alleged
that plaintiff had been guilty of certain in
famous crimes amounting to., felonies .-.in con
travention of the provision ot "An act to. pro-:
mote the .purity of elections by' regulating the
conduct thereof, and to ¦ support the -privilege
of free suffrage by prohibiting certain acts and
practices thereof," approved February. 83. 1893;
and in contravention of the precisions of sec
tion 7, article XVI of the charts of said cfty
and county of San Francisco, 1 which charge,
acts and . offenses if true did . under said act
of the Legislature and under said charter dis
qualify the plaintiff from holding office in. the
city and county of. San Francisco, and If proven
might constitute cause for his removal, after
pended his signature thereto as a wit
ntss. ¦ Charles McLane, • a bartender, . told
of having been promised a position in the
County Clerk's office by Mahony • befone
election, and that the promise was not
kept. Similar testimony was given by
Harry J. Angelo and Carl Mueller, ex
deputies in the County Clerk's offlce under
Deane. The inquiry will be resumed next
Friday afternoon.
which business was conducted in the of
fice under Williams. . : y
'. Notwithstanding that no case can come
to trial unless the fees are paid, it is a
fact that the case in point was tried by
former Justice of the Peace Carroll, was
postponed a number of times and finally
was heard" by Justice of the Peace Long,
.who rendered judgment on January 21,
Fredrick complains that owing to the
negligence of some official the case was
allowed to go to trial without the pay
ment of fees. He blames the Justices for
the oversight, and claims that they should
not try cases unless the papers ' are
stamped, showing that the fees were paid.
Ho such stamp was on the papers in the
case, and Fredrick claims that the fees
were never paid.
¦ Fredrick is of the opinion that similar
false entries will be found. He will, re
port the irregularity to the Mayor, who
will order the books e#perted during Wil
liams' entire term of office. Other cas^s
in the docket-oook contained no entry of
the fees having been, paid, though the
cases went to trial and judgments were
entered. .The cash books, however,
showed that the, fees had been. paid. •
Assistant Clerk Robert Dennis says that
the false entry -made-: in the"Rauer case
was one of the. several made by Harry
Morris, who admitted that he had h-~M
out fees amounting to $124, for which he
afterward made restitution. Dennis says
there may be more irregularities of the
same kind, and only a full investigation
by the experts will disclose them all.
herein had he stated or threatened he would
do so. — ¦>
Denies that defendant has threatened to do
anthlng in the premises in excess of his law
ful Jurisaiction, but alleges that he, defendant
as : such Mayor, intends unless* prevented by
this" honorable court" to carefully investigate
and, consider such, charges and complaints
against defendant, " and if 'the facts presented
to ' defendant- warrant such • action, and not
otherwise, defendant/ may suspend plaintiff
from said office' of, County Clerk of said City
and • county, 1 - and'" thereupon present written
charges against plaintiff to said Board of Su
pervisors as by the said "charter provided.
Denies that defendant assumes to, or has.
or does, or will arbitrarily exercise any power
or authority whatever, but alleges that he Is
exercising and* will exercise only ' such power
and authority as are by law vested In him.
Denies that no action to deprive plaintiff of
or remove him from said offlce of County Clerk
can be taken except in pursuance of the terms
of-an act known as thepurity of election law.
but alleges that said plaintiff may be suspended
from said office • by defendant and removed
therefrom by the said Board -of Supervisors of
ANIMATED SCENE IN THE ANTE-CHAMBER OF THE GRAND. JURY ROOM YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. DUR
ING THE EXAMINATION OF WITNESSES IN THE COUNTY CLERK MAHONY. PRE-ELECTION' CONTRACT
1 SCANDAL RECENTLY EXPOSED BY THE CALL.
' TK rr AYOR SCHMITZ filed his an
/A\/\l 6Wer yesterday to the com
|\Y\\ plaint of County Clerk A. B.
A V ill Mahony in which Mahony de
mands a -writ prohibiting the
Mayor from suspending him from offlce
for the alleged commission of certain
cct« in violation of the provisions of the
purity .of election laws and £ of section .7;
article XVI of . the .charter, said acts coh
sii-tUig in, contracting to give. certain of
fice* to individuals in the event of elec
tion for ; their /support and in accepting
money prior to election under promise of
reward.
'Ihe answer" reviews at length the con
teuuons of Mahony. and particularly
these denying the jurisdiction or author
ity of the Mayor to suspend a county offi
cer.* a? Mahony claims -himself- to be, from
office. It is denied also that the Mayor
ever made a threat to summarily remove
M&hoKy from office, or that he has acted
otnervvise than as a conscientious offi
cial who is merely exercising- the powers
vested in him by the organic law of the
municipality. The answer is as follows:
In. Uie' Superior Court of thj State of Califor
nia, in and for the city and county ot San
' franctbeo.
. A. ii. Mahony, plaintiff, vs. • Eugene • E.
6Uiir.ilz. at iisyor o! the city ana county
*ol fc'ari -#"ra ncisc-o. . defendant. . • •. . .
T»o»- comes tugenc K. Schmitz, the.defend
ar.i above named, and answering the affidavit
u:. complaint herein:
A.lott-t; that defendant is, and ever since
the Sth day of January, has been, ths duly
elected and qualined end acting Mayor of
it* city and ccunty of oen Francisco. -
Alleges that Eaid Superior Court has no
jurisdiction either or tUe subject -matter set
lorth in bald aindavit of complaint, or of the
person ol. this detendant, and said court has
r-» jurisdiction to hear, or determine any of
the matters ¦. set forth in said affidavit of
complaint, or to entertain, hear or determine
tni? tpecial proceeding. - *
Alleges and avers that the acts of the de
fendant which It is sought to ¦prohibit are
nur.itterSal and net judicial, and that such
acts are not in excess of the jurisdiction of
this derendent, jnd that the right to suspend
and the act of suspension of the plaintiff, as
alleged in kit affidavit of complaint, are and
would be but the exercise of a . police power
vested in the city and county ot San Fran
cisco, and in the defendant, as Mayor and
chiet executive officer thereof.- •> - • ¦•
Defendant has not sufficient information or
belief upon the subject to enable him to an
swer and upon that ground, denies the mat
ters and things set forth in paragraph 1 of
t&ja complaint. - ¦
County Clerk a City Official.
¦Defendant is informed and believes and on
euch information and belief:
Denies that the office of County Clerk of
the city and county of San Francisco is a
county offlce, and denies that the person who
holds and occupies said office is a county
oificer. but in this behalf defendant. -
Alleges that said office of County' Clerk of
paid city and county of San Francisco is and
ever since the first Monday after the first
day cf January. 1900, has been a municipal
or city oiace. and the person holding said of
flce and exercising the power and duties
thereof is and ever since said first Monday after
the first day of January, ltXW, has been a
municipal or. county officer, exercising arid
performing municipal functions and duties,
to wit, attending to and acting as clerk cf the
Police Court of said city and county, keening
the dockets and registers of said court and
taking charge of and safely keeping all books
and i<apers and records which may be filed or
deposited in his offlce pertaining to said Po
lice Court, es provided in section 1 of chap
ter \ of article V of the charter of said city
and countr of San Francisco. In addition to
such duties as are by law imposed upon
County Clerks of the counties of the State of
California.
Alleges that defendant, as such Mayor is
•empowered to suspend any elected officer of
said city and county and when the Mayor shall
so suspend any elected officer of said city and
county he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of said city and county of such
suspension and the cause therefor. If said
board is not in session he shall immediately
call a session thereof in such manner as is
Xirnvided by ordinance of said city and county
Said Mayor shall thereupon present written
charges against such suspended officer, who
ehall have the right to appear with couns'-l
before said board in his defense..
If by an affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of said Board of Supervisors
taken by ayes and noes and entered of He
record, the action of the Mayor is approved
then the suspended officer shall thereby be re
moved rrom effice, but if the action of the
Mavor is not so approved, such suspended of
ficer shall be Immediately reinstated. >ll of
which ie in accordance with sections IS and 19
of article XVI of the charter of Bald city and
county of San Francisco.
And this defendant, as such Mayor is fur
ther authorized when any official defalcation
or willful neglect of <iuty or oTS-.-ial miscon
duct shall -come to his knowledge, he Ehall
suspend the delinquent officer or person from
office pending an official investigation
Alleges that plaintiff is Ruch an elected of
ficer, to wit. the County Clerk of eaid city and
\county of San FrancUco. and is subject to sus
¦ptneion by defendant, as such Mayor, for such
cause as to said Mayor shall seem sufficient
As to the allegations of plaintiff in para
graph 15 of his complaint herein that he has
not done or committed any act in violation of
the !aws of the Vnit-d States or any law of
the State of California, or any law or ordi
nance of said city and county of San Fran
ciBco, or committed any public offense known
to law, this defendant answers:
Why tho Mayor Acted.
That he. as Mayor of the city and county
of San Francisco, was, at- the time of the
filing of the affidavit of complainant herein
and at the time of the Issuance of the alter
native writ of prohibition herein. Investi
gating certain acts and things alleged against
the plaintiff as disqualification for his hold-
Ing public office and an cause for his suspen-
Fion and removal with the -view of satisfying
bis own mind Jn the exercise of the discretion
vested in him by law as to whether or not
there existed cause or ground for the preferring
By thle defendant of charges against him be
fore the Beard of Supervisors of the city and
county of San Francisco as provided by sec
tions 18 and 19 of article XVI of the charter
of eaid city and county, and that at the time
cf the filing of said affidavit of complaint
and of the Issuance of said writ of prohibition
this defendant, as Mayor had not concluded
whether he would or would not suspend the
plaintiff as euch County Clerk, or whether or
not he would present written charges againet
said plaintiff to said Board of Supervisors as
aforesaid, and at the time of the filing of eal-1
complaint the defendant did not officially know
nor had he determined whether the plaintiff
was ruilty of malfeasance or misfeasance of
office or whether he had or had not done or
committed any act In violation of the laws
of the United States or any law of the State
of California pr any law or ordinance of said
city and county of San Francisco, or commit
ted any public offense known to law.
And the defendant avers that in the exer
ciee of his discretion and in his ministerial
capacity et chief executive officer of the city
and county of San Francisco, he would hav'e
had the right to suspend the said plaintiff
from his eaid office without any Investigation
had h« been satisfied that cause existed there
for. *nd that his investigation, which wae In
formal, but held In the presence of the plain-
HEi controversy between .Mayor
- II. Schmitz and. the.'justlces'«oi the
II ..,.-. Peace relative to'the appointment
¦ iX of "a clerk for the "minor' court.
,: . will be ' adjudicated in court, j
The confusion which prevailed in .conse
quence / of . two clerks doing business:' as
the legal representatives of ; the Justices'
Court • prompted John J.- Quinn, a free
holder'arid ' taxpayer,/ to file " an ". applica
tion in the Superior Court yesterday^for
an injunction" restraining 'Auditor ..Baehr
from -auditing the •isalary ., warrants of
Clerk Fredrick,- the'"/ appointee "of the
Mayor/ for services performed during the
month-of January. -It is also asked that
the warrants of the /clerks, /under Fred
rick's . jurisdiction /.remain ¦unaudited . on
the general ground, that if Fredrick's ap
pointment was illegaj and of no "effect
theirs cannot be legal. ,; . ; •>
The' "complaint was tiled in Judge Cook's
court, and on-its reading by ¦ the court a
temporary' writ .was' granted. An order
was then, issued directing the Auditor to
appear . before Judge Cook next Satur
day morning and show cause, i^f any, 1 why
the injunction should not be made perma
nent. : . __ • . .
Alter reciting the 'preliminary facts that
the applicant for tne writ was - a .. free
holder and taxpayer, that the Justices of
the. Peace are empowered by law, to ap
point, a clerk and that • they> did so ap
point-one E. W. Williams as clerk prior
to January 21, .on which day he was sus
pended by the Mayor, the complaint re
sumes: •¦-.-¦ - ¦ ¦. ¦ - , . • ¦ :
Legality of Removal Denied.
That on said 2m day or" January, 1902, at
saiil city and counly, E. E. Schmltz, then
being the Mayor of said .-city and county of
San Francisco, wrongtully, illegally' and with
out any jurisdiction so to' do, assumed .ths
power and authority to and did suspend from
his said office of Justices' clerk or chief clerk
of the Justices of the Peace of said cltv and
county, the said E. W.*WUliams, and .acting
under color of authority, yet without jurisdic
tion so to do, did appoint in his place and
stead " cne Powel Fredrick, who acting under
and by virtue of said so-called appointment,
and without any right or authority so to do,
by force and arms invaded said office of Jus
tices' clerk or chief clerk of ¦ the Justice* of
the Fface, and assumed to. take physical posses
sion of said office and. the books, papers- and
records filed and deposited : in ' said public of
fice. . , - . ..... i
That at said date when said E. E. Schmltz
aa such Mayor assumed to suspend said E. W.
Williams as such Justices' clerk" or chief clerk
of the Justices of the Peace, said office had
not become vacant and there was no vacancy
therein, -and said E. W. Williams on said 21st
da ,y of January, 1902. was the Incumbent of
said office, and thereafter continued to be un
til and including the 29th day of January,
1902. -on which said date he resigned, and on
said date said' Justices of the Peace herein
above mentioned did nominate, appoint, select
and eiect • one > Joseph Windrow 'as •¦ Jus
tices' clerk of said Justices' Court or
chiaf clerk of the Justices . of the
Peace of said tUy and county; that plaintiff
is informed and believes, and upon such In
formation -and belief alleges, that said Joseph
Windrow has dulyqualified by taking the oath
and filing the bond required by- law- and has
entered upon and now is perfoming and exei
cising the duties and powers of Justices' clerk
or chlaf clerk of . the Justices of the- Peace of
said city and county aforesaid, according to
law. -
That plaintiff is advised. and believes and ~s6
alleges that each and all of said above men
tioned Justices of the Peace of said city and
county . of San Francisco were . and are and
each is a constitutional State officer and none
other; that the Legislature of the State of
California had duly determined ¦ the number of
Justices of -the Peace to be elected in the city
and ¦ county of San Francisco, and has fixed
by law. the powers, duties and responsibilities
of said Justices of the Peace, and said Jus
tices of the Peace are duly cpnstituted, quali
fied and acting judicial officers of the State of
California, and they are not and neither Is a
municipal officer of the city and county of San
Francisco; that said .office of Justice of the
Peace* is a creation , of the constitution of the
State of California, and cannot' be created by
and is not created by nny city charter: that
said Justices of the Peace have conferred upon
them by authority of law the power to appoint
a Justices' clerk, and that such power of ap
pointment cannot be in any wise impaired or
interfered with by any other • person or per*
sons assuming to be clothed with authority
other "than said appointing : power.
That the Mayor of the city and county of
San Francisco Is without any color- "or au
thority of law, warrant ; of law,' and without
jurisdiction: to • appoint, a Justices' clerk or
chief clerk of the Justices of the Peace to or
for said Justices' Court or said Justices of the
Peace, and that any such so-called appoint
ment, and especially the appointment • of said
Powel Fredrick was and is totally invalid, de
void of legal, efficacy, null and void, and should
be held for naught.
-That plaintiff is advised and believes, and
upon such Information and belief alleges, that
said city and county In accordance with the
provisions of sections IS and 10 of the charter
of said city and county. . . \ -
. Denies .that. If defendant is such Mayor
should suspend plaintiff, or If said Board of
Supervisors should upon chargres preferred by
defendant, remove plaintiff ¦ from said , 'office
of County Clerk, it would be in -contempt or
violation of or contrary to ¦ any general or
other-laws of the- State of " California or the
Constitution of the United States or the Con
stitution of "the State of California. . \
Denies.- that said or any threatened removal
of plaintiff is an irreparable or any injury to
plaintiff. ' -¦ •
Denies that plaintiff has no plain, speedy or
adequate remedy at, law, and denies that re
lief Is sought* to prevent defendant from act
ing without or in excess of his power or Juris
diction. ¦ ¦ ¦ * ¦ „ - . , . ¦ > • i
"Wherefore defendant prays herein:
First — That - plaintiff take nothing by .his
affidavit of complaint. •
Second — That the alternative writ of prohibi
tion herein be dismissed and discharged, and ¦
Third — That these proceedings be dismissed 1 .
Fourth — For his costs herein.
A. : RUEF. Attorney for. Defendant.
Averment by the County
Clerk of Innocence of
Wrongdoing Is Refuted
Suit Filed to Determine
Legality:' of Fredrick's
Appointrnent as Clerk
MAYOR SCHMITZ FILES LOGICAL ANSWER TO MAHONY'S ACTION
WHILE JUSTICES' CLERK CONTROVERSY IS TAKEN INTO COURT
THE SAN FB ANCISCO -GALL, WEDNE SD. AY, U FEBRUARY 5, 1902:
Dr. Geo. Stallman. Dentist. 120 Butter *t-«
. JEFFERSON CITY, . Ho.. Feb. 4. — The Su r
prema- Court to-day sentenced «eorge' Ann
strong to nans In Platt County,- March 14 for
criminal assault. This Is the first sentence
of death for " such crime passed by the Mis
souri Supreme Court.
Exchange Ships.
S. Sandburg,' chief officer of the steam
ship Sydney, and A. Ahmann, chief offi:
cer of the China, have exchanged places.
Cafe Zinkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. •
Hibernians to Entertain.
12
HOME TiBLE F8DITS.
1000 cases selected ripe Peaches, Pears,
Apricots. Put up In heavy syrup. Of in-
terest to. stores, hotels.. clubs and all who
buy largety and with whom price and
quality are points. Case, 2 doz.. 3- pound
cans, $2.23. Samples open at store. I In
Single can llu
' PICKLED SHRIMP. 3 cans 25c.
PORK AND BEANS SSS &..*"£
pound cans. Regular 15c. 3 for 9R«
WOOL. SOAP, 10c cakes. 4 for 25c.
RRAPF MHT^ Snredded w heat Bls-
UnArC-nUIO cuits or Flaked HCa
Rice. 2 pkgs..V IQu
CAMPBELL'S SOUPS, 3 tins 25c.
WALNUTS S^..?..! helL IQc
.SWEET PICKLES, pint lOc.
LAUNDRY SOAP f ffiKr. or C< T£
Good, pure, hard soap. Usually 6*" ZOC
WHITE FIGS, 10c kind. 4 lbs. 2oC
SARDINES Ss de 3 r To°r od : s . Be3t 25c
In oil, mustard, spice, tomato sauce"
PINT O. K. WHISKY 35c. " l:
TABLE CLARET SSy 8 taS 40c
6-year-old. Rich flavor? SanSSa? -tor.
CLARET 50c gallon, 33 C . *
119 TAYLOR STREET.'
¦ i
This Driving Wagon is built
in three sizes — designed for/
Ladies and Children. Notice
it is a cut-under and will turn
in almost its own length.
RTUDEBXKFft
B^.(]0MfiKNY
Market and Tenth Streets.
DR.MCNULTY:
T Sol) V .! : I X ' KN D 9 WN AND BRLIABLB OLD
fJr2?«^J i " >rrt . er8 - M ook on W»H«es of Me... free.
9toSdaUy;«:.»toi.:»PVKs.RundH7 S .l0tr>liC.n»uN
Utloiifreeandsacredly confidential, call oraddress
-i f 'IV r jBOHCO BM«!»Cl i TY r Jn.D.
SC^ Kearny St, »an Franriaco. Cat.
OH rrnO\/S I Corner Fourth and
irr nnift • 2s%i*^
UHI L IIU IHL $~%siJvzu
v.n..« rimtai f>~^l
hot muffins, hot cakesy
made with Royal Baking
Powder may be freely
eaten without fear of
indigestion.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. '
WASH FABRICS
We will place on sale this week L 85 cases
New Wash Goods T and will show complete
lines of the follbwinci; . , , ;
NEW -"CHEVIOTS—
150 pieces" 32-incn SCOTCH shirting CHEVIOT,
These come In stripes and plain colors, also plain
. - white. ¦¦¦".-: . • ¦ • ¦ :: V-i : , -*— w _.
;:^ Price 25c -Yard
NEW WASH CREPES-
f--' . 250 pieces JAPANESE WASH CREPES, SO inches
¦"'.' wide. These are' in a great Yarletu of stripes,
checks, plaids and plain colors,
Price 15c and 25c Yard
NSW D1SVIITI % ES-
• 275. pieces FINE. PRINTED DIMITY, £0 Inches wida.
..'.:. 'These arB in; stripes, .dots and figures, dark, me-
dium and light grouridSi ¦- ..-
; \ . Price !Oc Yarcl
NfeW GALATEAS- 1 '
,-. 10 cases ENGLISH GALATEAS in Blu^s, reds, tans,
/black and white, also solid" colors. These goods
\ are 29 inches wide. ; .--.-: T ..
Price locJYard
N E W PERC A LES-
• -15 cases 36-lnch PRINTED PERCALES (extra aual-
ltu). These are In dark, medium -and MghU<
grounds and all new stules. —'--¦ \ ~ -
Price \2Y2cy^r^
NEW GINGHAMS- ;„ _:
' 25 cases Genuine CHAMBRAY GINGHAMS In
; stripes, checks, plaids and fancn colors. There
.. . is an elegant assortment of these goods.
• Price lOc Yard
Mall Orders promptlu and barefullu executed, anl i
.' samples forwarded free to anu address.
, 0^fM4>t4 il|§!§§
¦>:.'¦¦ : ' ¦ '¦ '/: . '
' III. 113. 115. 1I7,'1I9. 121 POST STREET.
f I W m hygienic Ml /pi:!
\\ FOR MEN |;T
. VA ¦[ is the i most perfect .embodiment of hygienic principles In shoe- ' /.*• «
wl- making -They are constructed according^ to the correct an.»t- •/•¦'
Vl omy of<the foot and. therefore fit equally well' in every part— fit -#••¦:
,. -.%.%; snugly -but not look right, and feel right when you put- L *M
; W.^" them: on> and maintain your approval-till the last, j ¦/*#'
#.:| V^ ' ! ! V and 11 ' SANSOME ¦ STREET. '*- ' W~i'- \\
¦ - /'/ l 1 '*^ ' Factory: -134-136 MAIN STREET. . M"'*m' V-l
/.•/ #." • "^W ' If your dealer does not carry the .^T.","'m ' \A
/'./ / "V m.- :'./"*^^ . ,-PHIT-U Shoe, write directly^to the *^ % '£ *'» \'\
I'm' ' M-' manufacturers. Delivered * to - any , .-^r •* ¦¦•"'¦'
'..¦"«¦ ;._ .part, of .the United States or Can- ' '^.^^rrjjrJ^V «^L '.'¦*•¦*