SAN FRAN CISCOj THURSDAY; JANTX^RY 2, 1902.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 33.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I -,t' continued' on Page Two. " j
' The ; contract made by Carey, Smith !& Barbey,. naval architects, to
construct an American schooner-yacht .tor Emperor William, of Ger-
J many was let -to Jthe .- Townsend r and Downey Shipbuilding . Company of
'Shooters 'Island, f Stateri : Island. The yacht is to . be completed in time
for; next : year's: racing. season. .Special specifications made by the Em
pero .arebeing r carried, out" in the building of the vessel. .
MwSWBMBBmmWBBB BBBK' ¦ - • ¦ * * ¦ * . * y*WBHHI
BERLIN, Jan. r. — Emperor- William desires that his new yacht,
now: building -'in 1 the United States, shall be christened by s Presi
dent Roosevelt's- dauKhter/Alice, and at the New Year's reception
at the. Old Palace "at noon to-day. he requested the United States Embas
sador, Andrew D. White, to ask. the President to allow 'Miss Roosevelt
to 'christen the vessel.'
ALICE ROOSEVELT
HONORED BY EMPEROR
/^^ HICAGO, Jan. i. — One million dollars is i; the; sum offered by
I. Robert Lebaudy, a French multi-miHionaire, for theestablish-
inent of a French industrial school in' connection with the Uni
versity of Chicago. The tender was made to President Harper to-day
throtigh M. Lcbaudy's agent, Emile Ridel of the' French army. Dr. v
Harper promptly replied it was the wry thing . the university desired
and the preliminaries were settled at o|ce. The new school is to be an
integral part of the University of Chicago, and the necessary buildings,
for which M. Lebaudy will furnish the money, will be located on the
campus of that institution. M. Lebaudy does not expect to end his jn
terest in and support of the proposed school with the Rift of $i,ooo,
ooo. He also will establish an endowment f«nd.
The institution takes on still z reater importance from the fact -that
it will be actively fostered by the French ' Government. - The students
will consist of 6oo Rraduates of French colleges, to be selected by the
Government, and 200 will be sent over each year. • They! will come on
scholarships, all costs of transportation and living being defrayed , by
France. At the. conclusion of his conference with ! Dr. " Harper ' M. - Ridel
left for Washington to consult Embassador Cambon.
ONE MILLION IS GIVEN
FOR A FRENCH SCHOOL
Faithful Dogs Guard Body.
RAWLINS, "Wyo.^ Jan. 1— The body of
"W. M. Moody, a sheepherder who was lost
in the Red -Desert during the big storm
several- days ago, was found to-day,
frozen. stiff. Searching parties have hunt
ed everywhere for the herder's body, but
without , success until to-day, when they
were attracted to the spot where the dead
herder .lay by the. barking of dogs. The
dogs had remained with Moody during the
storm and were standing guard. over the
frozen' body.
¦ After the infantry and cavalry, came the
recruits, and In spite of -their "newness,"
they 1 , presented.' a': soldierly 1 '-' appearance.
The men of the Twenty-Bevehth came
down headed by theirband and:aJ5;they
marched along. 1 East btreet -,they "were
cheered again and again. .The cavalry^ also
had ,to inarch, as ' the horses .were";left*be
hind. .The cavalrymen will : get^ . [ new
moifntsin the Philippines.: • .'.; , , ,
The Sheridan took away four companies
and'the headquarters and band of ' the
Twenty-seventh . Infantry ,•• four.; troops of
the Eleventh Cavalry,' 747 recruits, 17 mem
bers of the hospital corps, eleven members
of the signal \ corps and 125 cabin passen
gers. ¦ . '.-¦'¦[-..¦-.'¦¦
There was really only one drunken man
oh the . vessel, and as ; it : afterward [ turned
out, "he, was not^ a member of the crew,
but; a visitor who had been celebrating
over night. ¦ • , .
The officers of the vessel thought the
crew, would also celebrate and it was ex
pected tbat some of them would '/turn up
missing." Instead of that every. man re
ported for duty on time and the vessel
went out with* a full and thoroughly com
petent crew.
" . "drunk draft" was expected ; to
.depart -. on the transport! but, instead of
that every. man of the levy was sober and
as chipper as a sparrow. .The troopship's
destination is Manila. •
p H HE ' army officers : who • went
| away -yesterday ¦ on the.Sheri
i dan, the transport officials and
I" the Police^ Department were
" 7 JL pleasantly surprised. A _ big
;> There ;.were :more ¦¦ than -^ one':, thousand 5
• people j down . toj see the 'i transport ' away
' and '¦ General . Long, was ', among '. them; t
.Later ¦¦ he ".-¦ board ed '-. the r < Goyerninent . tug .
Slocum and paid another visit to the ves-
•' ,- : It - la a' ; remarkable • fact, -but neverthe
less ; true,', that In "spite of Its -being" a holi-'
day! the .^Sheridan'; took; away , the i soberest
body, of men that has ever- left San Fra'n-'
cisco. It was'ofderlyi , it was quick to obey'
orders and it was pre-eminently American,'
.Hundreds .jof . men carrying" whisky
fiiiFks and bottles tried to pass the, lines,
biu all '.we're - known and . enough" 7 whisky
to generate a New. Year's . celebration' for
the entire. ship's company went' into the
bay, in 'consequence. , Many a . groan .went
up as bottles of- good Scotch or i lrish i were i
broken, but ¦ when the bottles ; of . good old '
Kentucky bourbon .were smashed .against
the ship's side there was , a' howl of indig
nation from .every soldier : aboard. .',
Many Whisky Bottles, Smashed.
Quite a J number, of ; them | attempted | to*
break ranks and make a run for a saloon,
but every _time;the ; runaway: was ; caught'
and brought back : to his place.. Once there:
he .was admonished by his- officer * and.
¦ rarely, made -a. second attempt/,';* '
• Once in a 'while a< man -got away, but
then Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney and a
special squad of police were speedily on hia
trail and it was only a few minutes before
the . runaway I was back . on . the t transport
wharf. Sergeant ftfahoney was here, there
and .¦ everywhere all - morning • and ' it was
mainly due ; to . his vigilance, : seconded by
the ' officers . of the 'vessel, , that the " "big
drunk draft" 'did not come off. .
sel . as ; she lay", to; off Aicatraz. . In - the
raeantlme the crew, had, been put through
a j fire * and \ boat -drill i and when • the 'gen
eral was satisfied that all was as It should
be l he"" allowed : the - Sheridan to proceed
to '¦ sea.' V '.:';¦ "'¦'<¦. . - '¦"*'..'¦..•¦¦'•¦¦- .
.'The transport •will not call at Honolulu,
but; will ( stop ' at ; Guam : , to deliver, stores
and ; a few. recruits. . « She \will not re
main^ long at Manila, but will ."hurry back
to San. Francisco with discharged soldiers
and, invalids.' , ; , •'; *
Those Who Sailed on Transport.
Those^ who .went' away in! the cabin'of
the Sheridan 1 are: , ,' :
' Colonel • Frank IV Baldwin and ; wife,' Major
C. J. 1 Chub; Captains James T.T Moore,' James
A. Hutton, C. • Ehuttleworth . and .wife, "'A; .An
drews ¦ and ; E. i Nuttman. ;-'.
; -Lieutenants O. 8.' Eskridg-e, C.*S. Fries. Evan
D.' Murphy.' James M. Klmbaugrh : and^B.' Mc-
Namara. ':". . ' • v ' / ¦• .-. '" ¦' ' '-I '¦• '¦
•¦ Second Lieutenants W. S.^Parsons, John , J.
Fulnier.'; Kelton* L. *¦ Pepper, Arthur A. • Dalton.
¦i Chaplain ' Rice of , the Twenty-seventh:Infan
try .'and - wife, > Major •' J. ¦¦ R. Rickey, 1 Captains
J.' T. "; Haines, • W. M. Roweil, .Wife and .two
children,"; and • E.": M.'^Leary.. and ' wife." /
;¦• Lieutenants T. ¦B.' 1 , Taylor, A..S. * Odell, F. P.'
Ames. • ¦•..' ¦ '.:¦}'. ¦ '" r ¦• ~ ",¦/'¦•
. v Second 'D.^D.' Tompkins and
wife. John' Symington,' C. M. Baird, W7 6.'
Mea.de I and H."^Westmoreland, " Veterinary . Sur-'
geon. /Alexander^; McDonald, .' Surgeon Captain'
.James ' S. *•', Kennedy ' of ;. the „ Eleventh " Cavalry, .
Major; Thornae * F. ¦ Davis. • •'•¦¦
* Lieutenants ¦ ' G. • B. '-Rodney and R.' El Smith.'
Many Women, Are Also Among the Passengers--Teacher Reaches
Dock Too Late and Climbs Aboard Qutgqing<Vessel Off Aicatraz
by Means of Rope Ladder— Lieutenant and Wife Left Behind
UNITED STATES OCE AN CARRIER
SAILS WITH MORE SOLDIERS FOR
ARMY IN THE NEW POSSESSIONS
INTERESTING SCENES AS THE UNITED STATES .TRANSPORT STARTED ; ON HER . LONG JOURNEY^ TO | THE
PHILIPPINES; CARRYING OFFICIALS, SOLDIERS,. TEACHERS AND CIVILIANS'. TO ''. THEIR • NEW FIELD
OF WORK IN THE CITIES AND ON THE FIRING LINE. . . / ' . IS$^M,f^^i^
had hoped for is taken to mean' that the
Nicaragua Government in this protocol
has stated the price under which it is
willing to transfer to the United States
this territory and that this price is a
reasonable one. This Is good news for
the Nicaragua canal project, because it
has been reported that malign influences
hostile to this route had been at work in
Nicaragua endeavoring to have the pric3
marked up to an almost prohibitive figure.
Panama Route Too Cheap.
Representative Grosvenor of Ohio to
day declared himself in favor of the Nica
raguan canal bill. He said:
"These Panama fellows have fooled
around here a long time, and I don't be
lieve they should receive any more at
tention. They say they' have spent more
than 5100,000,000 on their canal,; but they
are willing to sell it for 540,000.000. Now,
if the canal is worth anything they
should not be willing to sell i at such a
discount, and since they . appraised It at
etch a email proportion of the cost price
the question arises whether it is worth
anything at alL" . " * * '
"I believe there, should be no delay and
that we should go ahead with the Nica
rs.guan canal. It Is reported to-day that
Colombia Is not willing to grant "this
country a permanent concession of the
Panama canal route. A long, lease is of
fered, but to many members of Congress
that is not acceptable."
Senator Morgan's statement that the
terms are much more favorable than he
negotiations between that country and
the United States providing for the fu
ture acquisition of territory through
•which to construct the Nicaraguan canal.
These negotiations, he said, have termin
fcted in a way much more satisfactory
than he had ever hoped for. He said he
could not give any details, because they
¦were communicated to him In such a way
fc* to b» regarded In confidence.
Speaking of canal legislation, "Senator
Morgan said:
"The opposition to the Nicaraguan ca
,»al is opposition to any canal, and just
now it Is attracting considerable atten
tion in the newspapers. It will have no
effect upon the action of Congress. The
Hepburn bill will ' unquestionably be
passed by the House at a very early day.
Good Nevrs for the Project. : 'V'
"The Senate will also pass a Nicaxa
guan canal bill, and there will be com
plete harmony between the two houses.
In my opinion, nothing can prevent this
legislation this winter."-
of the Senate, said to-day";
that he had just received advices from
Nicaragua stating the progress of the
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G
STREET. X. W.. WASH
INGTON, Jan. L— Senator
Morgan, chairman of the In
teroceanic Canal Committee
common law. and with precedent the au
thorities say that the Ban Righ cannot
be placed In the category fixed by Presi
dent Castro.
Government. Secretary of State Fish de
clared that those concerned In the enter
prise of the Vlrginius were not pirates at
"With respect- to- President Castro's
declaration that the Ban Rlgb is a pirate,
the authorities say that it Is ridiculous
and will receive no attention from any
Great Britain entertains the same view
regarding' the • inviolability of her. mer
chant marine on the high seas in time of
peace as does the United States. If Ven
ezuela, therefore, attempts "to seize the
Ban Righ either by her own national, ves
sels or by privateers to whom President
Castro may grant letters of marque, the
authorities say Great Britain will have
ample ground for exacting full repara
tion.
"Will Exact Separation.
any molestation or detention of such ves
sels is in derogation of the sovereignty, of
the. United States. Accordingly the re
storation of the Yirginius waa demanded,
with full reparation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. . Case of the .Virginiusl
; The Virginius was duly registered at the
port of New York as a part- of the com
mercial marine of the United States on
October; 4. 1870.- Having received the cer
tificate of register in the usual legal form,
she" sailed from . New York on October 31. '
While sailing under the flag of the United
States on the high seas, she was forcibly
seized by the '¦ Spanish gunboat Tornado
and, was carried Into the port of Santiago
de '. Cuba, where fifty-three of her passen
gers and crew wereput'todeathl Presi
dent: Grant, • in a message to Congress,
called attention to^, a Senate, resolution
declaring that American vessels '¦ on the
high seas in time of peace, bearing Amer
ican' flags, . remain ; under ; the jurisdiction
of the -country to which they belong and
filibustering steamer Ban
High is a pirate, an explicit reply will be
returned -refusing to agree to any such'
designation. Accordingto officials of the
State Department the Ban High is no*,
more * a pirate than were the American
vessels which conveyed munitions of war
to Cuba during the insurrection in that
island against the Government of Spain.
The Ban Righ has a British register, and
the British Government will, undoubtedly,"
compel President Castro to make ample
reparation in . case her officers and crew
should -bo unlawfully dealt with. The
authorities say that the case of the Ban
Righ much resembles that of the steamer
Vlrginius, though,"* of course, y it has not
yet met the grewsome end of the Ameri
can ship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
y^— «w A L.L. BUREA U. 1406 G
'£ ' ' ' STREET. N W.; WASHING-
M S TON, Jan. 1.— If Venezuela
% j 'communicates to the United
V^^_^^ States a declaration that the
Negotiations for the Acquisition of Terri
tory Terminate in a Manner Much More
Satisfactory Than Had Been Hoped For,
If President Castro of Venezuela Carries
Our His Threat Concerning the Ban High,
Great Britain Will; Demand Reparation
SENATOR MORGAN GETS
CHEERING NEWS ABOUT
THE NICARAGUA CANAL
AMERICA WILL REFUSE
TO CLASS FILIBUSTER
STEAMER AS A PIRATE
FIGHTING MEN FOR THE PHILIPPINES
DEPART ON THE TRANSPORT SHERIDAN
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page One.
FIGHTING MEN SAIL
I CHICAGO, yjan^jL^Five , persons .were
seriously -, injured, T 6ne fatally^; In a 7 -'collif,'
Electric Car Wrecks fa' Carriage.
¦ SAN RAFAEL, Jan.* ll— Joseph"' Martelll,'
a I rancher * of ¦> Point : , Reyes, \ be-,
came Insane to-day : and ; was brought "to
this city. Worry 'over ' family > troubles \ Js
believed to have caused his malady.
Rancher Becomes Insane.
VIENNA, : Jan: 1."— In ; its published 'sur
vey of the new year the Neue Freie Presae
reluctantly * admits • that ' there Is a "crev-
Jce perceptible 'in the ¦ framework , of the
¦triple alliance.",
. -.. "¦ _ i »
• Rev. J. C. Pendergrast died of. pneu
monia; ! Jan. = 1,: 1902," at : his : home,' No. 369
South Third ; street, San : Jose. ¦ Interment
Friday :at J Santa*. Rosa."," Fresno and Ma
dera papers pl#tse copy.
Triple Alliance ta , Weakening.
To satisfy the ; demand ; an extra edition
of v 5000 copies will ~. be '¦ issued . to-day. It
contains : « Tribute ', to ;Mr8.' Stanford, : by
Albert;De r Voe Vincent, -Mills. Collee-e;
Daughters ' of '*- Pioneers f- Society,', society,
and other news.' ? Price 10c, , at news stands
or at the Columbian building, 916 Market..*
Ah Extra Edition of Society.
CALL BUREAU; 1406 G STREET, i
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1.— Secretary Root ]
has returned the .disappearing carriage
controversy to the Board of Ordnance and
Fortifications and has authorized the con
etruction of fourteen of the fifteen car
riages of the disappearing, type.
Brigadier General Crosier, the chief of
ordnance, is, the new member of the forti
fications board and he will thus be -given
an opportunity to express his as to
the advisability" of* continuing the manu
facture of a type of gun carriage j wh^h
Lieutenant-General Miles and other mem
bers of the board declare to be obsolete. -
. It Is understood that this is not General
Crosier's ¦ opinion. He \ believes that ?. the
Crosler-Buffington type now in use is the
best tha t v has yet been {produced, and it
will be his policy to recommend * its ; em
ployment until a better carriage - is ; in
vented. The board of ordnance and forti
fications will -be thus again Bplit over the
question of the klpd of carriage that shall
be used for the coast defense, artillery.
Secretary Root has also referred back to
the board its recommendation that he buy
patent: rights of the thorite .'and. the
fshara shell: An appropriation* of ; $100,000
wag made for the • purpose of •¦ these two
Inventions. The . Ordnance Department
opposes their acquisition - on * the * ground
that the Isham . Bhell does . not * meet ord
nance requirements and maximtte and the
high explosive- known >* as . "D'.' , are- su
perior to * thorite. ; Lieutenant' General
Miles etronply ' recommends ; the . adoption
of thorite ae ¦ the high ) explosive of the
army and the purchase of the Isham
shells. ¦ -¦- . ¦¦¦.-.'¦ .¦. ¦¦:¦ .'.-.-¦ ¦- ;:-. - '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
~ s.William ' F.-j, Montavon. ' W. ' F. Roane, < R j '
O' Hanlon, : T ." C . . Carberry, ; Mrs . : J . C . i Muer
man,':. Mrs.";' Ia. i Millman ' and i Miss ' Lillian '¦ ~ii\xr
ray.--•:—•¦.•.-,-'?-;¦¦¦•*":>¦•<-r I : --»"'!i,. .~-/-\-- -,-. - ¦
"; At:the last minute' aUieutenan^andihis
wife '.who 'hadttakenvpassage on-the.ves
se! came down. They lingered on' the
- Among. this ; list Mrs. Dita' N. "Kiririey- 1 is
the * most ; noted'^ civilian* ¦• She Js • superin
tendent 5 of ; the army >' hospital corps and
f? eS T; t0 ,4 M , an . ila^ )n , a^ t 5 ur °f ; " inspection.
M.^ B.-i Cook s Is United - States • Marshal of
the- lesatlon : ;at> ChefU" andi is • goin«
back, to; his post -via i the, Philippines - The
following iwere ;, the 1 only ; school- ; teachers
who ! went < away.i on ¦ the transport : f' •:-
- Medical ' bf fleers — Captain . Harry >' R. Styles
Caprain Thomas N. Marshall, Surgeon *C - f'
Williams ¦¦ In « charge • of recruits/ Colonel ¦ Tor
ney, • U.v S. ; M. r c. and -orderly; , Captain B F
Cheatam and wife and Major J> CGreshani '
• Assistant Surgeons • Louis ; W. . Bishop and
George M. Meyers,- U.\ S." N. ; Chaplain : Charles
M. Charlton, U.S. N. •; Paymaster : J.°ji?m""
tin, :U" S.-' A:, and - wire ; ; Mrs .'; Dita • n' Kin
:iey. •¦ Mrs. t H." K. Bailey ; and Mi«a Bailey Mr« '
S. H.- Cheever. Mrs. N._ R. Styles ; Mrs D'L -
Tate and son, Mrs:-Compton Wilson Mrs' j'
Uhrig ! and two ' children, ;¦ Mrs. ,T George McCue
and son.. Mrs. Reuben Smith." Mrs. : S B Pear
son,. Mra.- Sophie Keller," Mrs. S. M WatRr
house.^D. W.-RUey, < Andrew » Wray of
Lovell, >. J: * Dlrcklnck. ¦• John • L,.'-; Coburp / A a
Houton. H. S. : Peabody, W. H.- McDonald "anrt
,wlf e, -John - M." Tuther. - W. F. : Montavon and
wife F v Roane,- R; J. O'Hanlon? T. J
Carberry, ¦¦• Mr«. J. ---, Cr- Muerman, ' • : Mrs L.
Millmaniand child/ -Mrs. r». C. t Montgomery'
Mrs. John. T. Swift^and- child. - Miif^fSSS
Neuwlrth. Mrs. !¦ E. V. Johnson. Mrs.i a W
CowglU i and child, •- Mrs . ¦¦: Dodge, , Gustavus An-'
derson, ;Charles ; B. , Smith, \ M.% A.' Keenan ' Mrs
Dr.'iP. L. Sherman and child,; Chaplains j'
Smith. » M .'; B .- Cook, • John L. - Irvin, Miss Lil
lian . Murray, ; Captain R.- C. ; Langdon and It.
D.« Ferguson.. ;; ; -,. •'
Belated Teacher, Climbs Rope Ladder.
. .'Second Lieutenants J. W. Kusnik, Charles
Keller,' M.. A. vKeyes, H. D.: Mitchell, J. A
Higsins.'.W. M. True.' : .'
/..The work of -i rescue; had to , be done
quickly, because the gas tanks I in . the cars
¦were . exploded and tset- fire 'to ¦ the t wreck
' age." 1 .. The - flames ¦ spread t rapidly; and i in r a
;8horf* time tthej entire s train ?. was %. burned."
..The * engine \ ,was completely < v demolished
and .the ;two dead men, when < taken! from
-;The injured, are: T>.J. Partella, mail
clerk, Washington, D." C.', seriously ; .Will
iam) Avery, engineer, .seriously ; G.V .W.
Ryan, Baltimore, ; seriously i- B. > r'A:>Young t "
mail ') clerk, seriously : ¦ Rl R."* Souser, " Na
pier,' Pa., 'seriously; Charles Henry ,s Phil
adelphia, slightly; C. B. Smith,*. Allegheny, 1
Pa; , . slightly ; ¦ J. S. Matthews, -; Cheyenne,
Wyo., slightly;' J. V R.-' Waters,- Huttonville,-
W. Va.;? slightly^M.i R.', McKinley, ; Rock
Island, Mill.,- slightly ; < H. A. Hall,'- Galnes
.ville,";W. ¦ Va., slightly ; F. : J. ¦• Lasrey, Chi
cago/, badly ' bruised ; ; FranK •¦, W. - Brenner,
head cut; : S. : J.- Jones, "slightly :-K. J." Lea
man,"-,Washington. "•* D- * C.; -' slightly; J. rAlj
Barton, .Chicago, 1 slightly; I; N. Hay,;Mey
ersdale, Pa.," slightly.- ; ; ¦;-:*;;'¦ •
»-¦ The $ train? which .was "* ditched i was ; the
through, passenger which left here ! at 8:40
this morning, bound for New YorkMt was
a full vestibuled train." "In going down;the
steep grade one and; a half . miles Lwest- of
Glencoerthe- engine,, from i some "cause? 1 as
yet unknown i oriunexplained,'i jumped- the
track 'at * the ; curve 'and t the r. entire ? train
piled . on ? top - of ; it. *"- Probably >;» the i- J only
. thing ., that ; prevented : an ¦> appalling ¦ death
Mstvwas-.the fact- that the heavy, vestibule
cars* did * not* break up in going, over the
.embankment.' ¦. ' " -¦; ¦¦:¦•
' r "-'..'.' M'CUNE, : Connelleville, fireman.
' PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 1— As a result
of a through passenger, train on the Balti
more & Ohio jumping the track today,' two
nieii s are ' dead , and seventeen injured, ¦ five
of whom are considered - seriously hurt.
The : folio-wing o facial list; of ' dead and-, in
jured is given. -Dead: ' .
JOHN; COLLINS,' Connellsville, Pa., en
gineer. '¦¦:'.':-. - '"_/ ;•-;-.. • ; <
Not Ended.
Controversy About pis
appearing Carriage
Two Men Killed and
Many Injured in East
' r .era Wreck.'.
Four public men of the type of Andrew
D. -White,.' Embassador to Germany,-; and
others who have made ', popular fimpres-,
Eions " abroad through - former, diplomatic
services; two or' "three army* and' navy
officers of the standing of Admiral Dewey
and' General Miles, and four "exposition
officials^will form the committee. -It \ will
be presented to the courts of Europe witn
all the prestige; attending a body -which
will bear credentials; from ' the StatefDe
partment • of the , Government. ,; These de
tails were arranged ; by . President Francis
and .Treasurer Thompson when they ..were
in :Washington recently. ; The mission, -will
-.be one of formally exploiting:the- ; world's
fair.: The reception - of • the > commission; at
the various capitals will f be ? arranged by
the ! resident representatives of the i expo
sition company.-^ ; . ¦ ; 1 : -
)<ST. LOUIS,' Jan. 1.— President Francis
of the Exposition Company '"announced
to-day that he would make public, possi
bly this week, the composition of p. ; dis
tinguished world's fair committee to;visit
London, Paris, -/¦ Berlin," St. 7 , Petersburg:*;
Vienna, Rome arid Constantinople : some
time in February.' '
cans, to Be Charged With'? Im
ifiSjf£' portant Mission.
World's Fair Committee of Ameri-
DISTINGUISHED DELEGATES
v WILL GO TO ETJKOPJB
PASADENA. Jan. L-With a perfect
day. an attendance that swelled the- local
population by 30,000 and a flower parade
that excelled all of the town's previous
attempts in that line. Pasadena to-day
witnessed " the greatest carnival In her
history. Every sort of vehicle, from the
bicycle to. the six-in-hand and the elab
orate floats, was dressed with such a
prodigal use of flowers and such ingenuity
of arrangement as almost to suggest a de
pletion in the supply of California's most
prolific product. ...
From every point . of -view the parade
was a success.^ As a spectacle It ha3 set
a high standard for future efforts and for
uniqueness of features it easily surpassed
all former carnival parados. Gaily capar
isoned caballeros, mounted on the versa
tile bronco, rode with reckless abandon
before the Chinese floats and the primi
tive - inhabitants -of- Sonthern-: California*
four and six in hands by the score, auto
mobiles and less imposing vehicles were
separated by. beautiful floats with scores
of beautiful women ,y garbed in white
equestrians, school- children, bicyclists'
with now and then a band of music all
combined to make up: a parade of much,
attractiveness and novelty.
Through two miles of Pasadena's fine3t
thoroughfares, packed with humanity be
tween rows of mansions, all showing the
carnival as' well . as the national colors,
the procession wended Its way to a point
at Orange Grove and California streets
where the. official review. was had Drbe4
were. awarded and the parade disbanded
The crowd was not the least of the dav'a
spectacles. From early morning till lone
after the parade was finished three steam
railroads and one electric ' line poured th«
thousands into Pasadena. They fillea thR
streets, blocked traffic, overran the hote'a
and restaurants and stowed themselves
into every conceivable place to view tha
parade. The town was quite unprepared
to accommodate such a crush of visitors
and aa a- natural result there was diffi
culty in finding food for the, multitude
There was considerable delay in the >t~vnt'
porting of the throngs, thousands arrivine
banded na after the Parade had I dill?
, in the afternoon there was another rush
and- crush, at the football game Th«
number, that attended this event was thn
largest that has thus far patronized an
athletic game in this section of the staN?
The weather could not have been better'
The sky was clear and the air balmy thus
affording' opportunity for the ladles to ao
pe ,?. r J?u bri y. ! 2 nt colora-an < opportunity
which they did not neglect. On the whole
it was a great day for Pasadena,
Prince David Kawananakoa, of Hawaii,
and Miss Abbie W. Campbell, daughter of
Mrs. A. W. Campbell," an heiress to Ha
waiian property worth J10,000,000, was an
nounced at a banquet given to friends of
the couple this evening in Hotel St. James.
It was not altogether unexpected, as the
Prince, .with a party of friends,', has been
stopping here for some time past and has
been very "attentive to the Hawaiian heir
« -The announcement was made by Colonel
Sam Parker, Republican National Com
mitteeman from Hawaii^- and .personal
friend of the Prince. He followed it with
a neat speech, extolling the virtues of his
friend and congratulating him on winning
the fairest flower of his - native country.
Responses of a similar nature were made
by Judge George D. Gear, Judge A. Davis,
H X A Bradley and C. T. Bard. , l ,
- The* reception that followed, ' at which
about 200 guests were present, was an
event of considerable Importance In the
annals of San Jose society." v . Music was
supplied by. a* native Hawaiian orchestra,
brought here for the. occasion. .
The Hawaiian party, including Miss
Campbell and • the ¦-. Prince, • will ; board a
steamer on Saturday for Honolulu, leav
ing many friends here to regret their de-
parture.
¦wharf looking after their baggage and in
the meantime the Sheridan backed ¦ out.
Thjen they secured a launch and followed
the transport as far as Melggs wharf and
failing to catch her , landed at * the foot
of - Powell 'street. '' They = will probably, go
out on the Thomas \ on « the ' 16th instr "-~.\ —
' One . of the lady - teachers also mlssted
the boat, but . she was taken out on, the
Slocumand put aboard when the .trans
port was off Alcatraz. She had to climb
up a rope ladder in: order , to get aboard
and that experience , will - probably make
j tier beon time the" next time a transport
is sailing and she isibopked\for her.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 1.— The engagement of
TRAIN LEAPS
FROM THE RAILS
Prodigal Use of Flowers
Marks Pasadena's
Carnival.
Miss Abbie W. Camp
bell's Betrothal Is
Announced.
HAWAIIAN PRINCE
TO WED HEIRESS
NEW YEAR DAWNS
ON FESTAL CITY
" ' i s ' - '¦ • ' ''"'¦'• '•'¦':¦
¦sion -Between a carriage and a Halsted
street electric car at Fifty-third- street
to-night. The surrey, -which: was demol
ished, was occupied by Samuel Fuller, his
wife .and- four children. 'All suffered
broken bones and bruises, and little Helen
Fuller was crushed so badly by the car
that she cannot recover. ; :
Then the Public Reception.
At 12:30 the reception. to Ithe, public.be
gan and great crowds accepted this first
opportunity to grasp the -hand of the
Major General Henry C. Corbin, adjutant
general. General Miles was in the full i
uniform of his ; high rank, with heavily '
gold-embroidered ; cape v and wide 'gold
scarf across*:' his breast from shoulder
to hip. Following -him 'came the; many,
officers of A his » staff and the heads
of the army staff stationed . in -Wash
ington. In. view of. recent events ex^^
pectationlwas on tiptoe as General. Miles
appeared ; before the President, but the
curious were not rewarded '.with anything
unusual. The President greeted General
Miles with the same hearty courtesy he
had Bhown'to others and General Miles
returned the salutation in the same spirit
and then- passed smiling along" the line,
exchanging well- wishes with the ladles.
Admiral Dewey was another of the dis
tinguished callers to engage ; the attention
of the crowds.. He was at the head of the
long line of naval officers, all in uniform
and including the ranking rear admirals
and he'ads of the naval staff departments.
The admiral wore the superb sword voted
to h!m by Congress for the victory ' of
Manila, -and on his breast was the. Con
gressional medal commemorating that
event. He, too, was most cordially wel
comed by the President. The officer's -of
the Marine Corps with Brigadier General
Heywood at their head followed the navy:
After them came .: officials of many
branches, viz.: The regents of the Smith
sonian Institution, the: Commissioner of
Fisheries, the Civil Service Commission,
the Interstate Commerce Commission,
the Commissioner of Labor,:. Assistant
Secretaries of departments, ¦ the Solicitor
General, the Treasurer of the United
States, the Commissioner of Pensions, the
Commissioner of Patents, the Comptroller
of the Currency, the Associated Veterans
of the War of 1846-47, the Grand Army of
the Republic, the Military Order • of ; the
Loyal Legion of the United States, the
Union Veteran : Legion, the Union. Veter
ans' 'Union .and the Spanish. War Vet
erans. ". \ . "¦'¦¦¦ ...'¦' ,
'Although there was no general recejtion
by the members of the diplomatic corps.
p Following, j the reception at the White
House the principal social events of the
day here were the receptions of the Cab
inet : officers. Secretary Hay, following
the usual practice, entertained the entire
diplomatic. body at noon. The lower floor
of his handsome ¦ Sixteenth-street home
was thrown into a general reception room
and after paying their respects to the
chief magistrate the members of the dip
lomatic corps, with their ladles , crossed
Lafayette square to the home -of the Sec
retary; where they were entertained .at
breakfast. , ,
: Other. Cabinet homes open- to callers
were -those., of Secretary Root, .Attorney
General Knox, Secretary Hitchcock, Sec
,refary?Long and Secretary Wilson.- Mrs"
Fuller, wife of Chief ; Justice Fuller, and
Mrs.'. Miles also! received. • The- Govern
ment ' departments and most of the stores
were ' c'osed and the day generally was
observed as a holiday,. ' :
Entertained by Diplomats.
President. At that hour the crowd at the
outer gate stretched away in both direc
tions for /several flocks. •; . '¦ ' - ¦< :V
, All stations,^colors, ' creeds, "sexes -and
ages" S'were^- represented.- in : the :motley
throng which elbowed lip to. the President."
The latter in- no way. relaxed his.cordial
ity and all received the same cheery greet
ing. For more than an hour this- human
stream flowed past the President. At one
time there was a brief intermission to per
mit some of the ladies to: withdraw for
their private receptions. '.' The President
embraced this opportunity to limber up
his right hand, which began to show the
effects of continued handshaking.- > '
t As the last of the callers filed past the
Presiaent took Mrs. Roosevelt on his arm
and amid the strains of a quickstep by
the marine band the: Presidential and
Cabinet party withdrew to - the private
quarters of the .mansion. Although" thou
sands grasped the hand of the President,
he showed little fatigue, and Mrs.-Roose
velt'; also | underwent the physical ' strain
without 'apparent^ discomfort. ¦ r . -
TROUBLE BREWS
OVER ORDONANCE
President Roosevelt's manner . of re
ceiving his callers was exceedingly gra
cious and happy. As each guest was an
nounced by Colonel Bingham the Presi
dent grasped the hand of the visitor and
wished him a hearty New- Year, often ac
companying this with some 4 felicitous ex
pression to any one recogni2ed as a close
friend. There was no hurrying along of
the callers and often there was considera
ble delay while pleasantries were ex
changed. Mrs. Roosevelt proved' to be a
most charming New Year's' hostess . aritt
the cordiality of her greetings reminded
many of the callers of the days when
Mrs. Cleveland was mistress of the White
House. . ' * ¦ - - , '. . '
After the members of the diplomatic
corps came Chief Justice Fuller and the
Associate Justices of the United/States
Supreme Court, and following them the
Judges of all the » other high Federal
courts In Washington, representing as a
whole the Judicial branch of the Govern
ment Next came the legislative branch.
Senators and Representatives in Con
gress. Speaker Henderson was among
There was another flash of gold lace and
clank of saber and spurs when, at 11:40,
the highest ranking officers of the army
and navy were received. .
Side by side, at the head of the army
contingent, - strode the stalwart well
known flgrures. Lieutenant General Nel
son A. Miles, commanding the army, and
President Is Very Gracious.
ben, accompanied by a retinue of dashing
young- officers of the Germany army and
navy, some cf them in the red uniforms
of Hussars, others In th^ white uniform
cf the' Kaiser's private escort, and' still
others with the sweeping plumes ¦¦ and
chapeaux of the quarterdeck. The Rus
sian Embassador. Count Casstoi: the Ital
ian Embassador, SiKnor Mayor, and the
Mexican- Embassador, Senor Aspiroz,
were similarly accompanied by large offi
cial staffs. Following the Embassadors
came the Ministers of Austria-Hungary,
Switzerland, Japan, China, Brazil, Ar
gemsna, Turkey, Slam, Belgium and many
other countries. '-?f.'<:\ 'i
GO WAY BACK AND SIT DOWN!"
Exactly at 11 o'clock a fa.nfare from
three trumpeters stationed at the further
end of the main corridor announced the
approach of the President and the re
ceiving party. At the same moment
Presiaent and Mrs. Roosevelt appeared
at the uppfer landing of the corridor and
arm-in-arm descended the stairway whilft
the Marine Band broke into "Hail to the
Chief." The President bowed as he
passed along, frequently giving a cheery
response to the New Year's greetings ex
tended to him from those In the line.
Mrs. Roosevelt held in her hand a
6uperb bouquet of pink orchids. She wore
a gown of white satin heavily pleated
with lace yoke and diamond ornaments
and in her hair sparkled a diamond tiara.
The President was in the conventional
black frock coat. He had no boutonniere
and the gray striped neck scarf was the
only bit of color in his attire. Following
the President and his wife came the mem
bers of the Cabinet and their .wives, the
Secretary of State and Mrs. Hay. the
Secretary of the Navy and Miss Long:,
the Postmaster General and Mrs. Smith,
the Attorney General and Mrs. Knox, tne
Secretary of the Interior and Mrs. Hitch
cock, the Secretary of . Agriculture and
Miss Wilson and Secretary and Mr*. Cor
- telyou. . ' . • ¦ i •
The Presidential party took up their
station in the. blue parlor with the Presi
dent snd Mrs. Roosevelt immediately
alongside the entrance, ready, to gxasp the
hands of callers as they were announced.
The Cabinet ladies formed a long line ex
tending from Mrs. Roosevelt to the
-further end of the room, while back of
the receiving line. were grouped the mem
bers of the Cabinet and a gay party, of
young people. As soon as the President
took his position he turned to the many
ladies invited behind . the line and pave
each of them in turn a warm, greeting
and the. well-wishes of the day. ' Then
the signal was 'Riven for admitting the
distinguished callers, who by this time
filled the outer corridors to o\-erflowlnsr.
As dean of the diplomatic corps the Brit
ish Embassador. Lord Pauncefote. is
usually the first of the foreign callers to
greet the President. To-day, however,
he was absent from the line, having con
veyed his preetlnes to the President, and
1he head of the line was taken by Lady
Pauncefote and the Misses Pauncefote
and the many military, naval and civil
members of the BritJ&h establishments,
all of t*e officers in full uniform. The
French EmbassadT. M. Cambon. with all
the members rf th» ptnbassy staff, was
next In li!>». The Embassador bad *»ir
r'ed from Paris in order to pay his N*w
Tear's • respect? to the • President. ¦ -He
looked hale and r*»arty after his six
months in E"™*»<*- Following him came
the German Embassador, Dr. von; Holle-
"Hail to the Chief."
In the outer corridor, just within the
entrance, the band of the engineer corps,
L'nited fetates army, sixty strong, in their
brilliant tmuorms, were rangea in" t.ers,
¦while furtner along in the conservatory
was the lull memoersnip of the Marine
Band, in onght red unitorms. While tho
musicians wtre taking their places the
iioosevelj: cniiaren weitr having a laeiry
lime througn the corridors, aiid bue of
tnem coula t>e neara playing tne "h.an
fcaruo iiarch" in tne private apartments
oi the Presidential family*.
Shortly berore 11 o'clock the throngs of
distinguished caiiers began to assemble
in tne main corridor. First came the
memBers oi the diplomatic corps m their
rich court uaiiorms, resplendent in medals
ana aeccrations. it was a most cosmo
politan throng, witn the Oriental silks of
the Chinese Aiuiister and his suite, the red
fez ot the Turtish Minister and the more
modern, but equally gorgeous attire of
the Japanet 2 ana Koreans, conspicuous
amid tee groups of diplomatists. The
members of tne corps gathered in the
red panor preparatory to being presented
to the President and those about him.
WASHINGTON. Jan. L—Presi
dent Roosevelt's first public
reception' was attended more
largely than any New Year's
reception " in a number of
years. In all 8100 persons filed through
the White House and shook hands with
the President. Roosevelt on being ap
prised that the crowd in line outside
the White' House was unusually largs
gave orders that the gates should not be
closed until the last person desiring to do
so had had an opportunity to pay his re
spects. The reception began promptly at
11 o'clock, and it was 2:30 o'clock before
the last person in line had been presented
to the President, and a quarter of ah hour
later before the reception came to an end.
The weather was delightful, being clear
and crisp, bo that no hardship was suf
fered by the throng that waited for hours
lor admission to the White House. The re
ception was in every way successful, the
attendance being not only very large but
the decorations beautiful, the arrange
ments perfect and the President in excel
lent spirits. Tel each person he extended
a cordial happy New Year, and Mrs.
Roosevelt was equally pleasing to each
of those who filed past the line in the
blue parlor, where the rest of .the receiv
ing party stood.- Miss Alice Roosevelt
was conspicuous among those' assisting at
the reception. A party of her young girl
friends, by invitation, also participated
in the 1'unetion.
Beautiful Floral Decorations.
The day was ideal for the observance
of the time-honored custom of making
New Year calls. The sun shone from y.
cloudless sky, the air was cool and brac
ing and a light southerly wind made tha
White House flag stand out proudiy.
Early in the day an army of decorators
and florists took possession of the man
sion and transformed the stately corridors
and parlors into bowers of palm, potted
plants and sweet-smelling flowers. The
official programme of the day fixed 11
o'clock as,the time for opening the recep
tion, with the calls of the members of the
Cabinet and the foreign representatives,
but some time before that hour the ap
proaches leading up to the marble portico
.were tilled with carriages, while long lines
of people took position at the outer gates
in order «to have points of vantage when
the public reception began.
The interior of the mansion was aglov/
with a myriad of electric lights, and t j
this was added the beauty or a profusion
of flowers, piants and vines banked about
the mantels and draped from chandeliers
and wails. The florai decorations reacheu
meir height of ettect in the east room,
iuere the great crystal chandeliers were
cteeorated witn emua-X, while the recesses
oi the. chamber were banked with bego
jiias and tali terns. In the red 'and b.ue
-parlors there was the same effective dis
position or flowers and plants, the flaming
»ea oi tht: pomsetua being most apparent
tvery where.
As soon as possible after.the accident a
relief • train with physicians and -nurses
was sent to the scene from : Cumberland
and the . Injured were taken r.to-\ Mey
ersdale, • -Pa,, - .where every- ¦' attention
, is ••. being [paid to them.; General Superin
tendent *woodford says he has-been' un
able as yet to ascertain the. cause of the
acc'dent^ w : :¦•'¦>-¦<¦',__,':, ¦¦
the debris, ¦ were horribly mangled. . Col
lins (who went by - the ~ nickname . of
"Katy") was one of the oldest engineers
on the road. ; . ",.,' . -
some of them kept open house and enter
tained a large number of callers. Espe
cially was this the case with the legations
from the Orient, the Chinese, Japanese
and the Korean Ministers being /'at
home" tothose who came. .The Chinese
New Year : does - not occur until about a
month- from now, but Wu, following .the
practice of the country- in which' he is
stationed, participated - in the festivities
of the New Year's day, ; and assisted by
the < members of his suite received many
callers at the handsome home of the lega- i
tion. Minister Wu always gives ". nis I
friends , a * cup of tea and many of them
enjoyed -his hospitality to-day.
' Minister ' Takahir a of ' Japan and his
wife celebrated" New Year's day as they
¦would at home, where the European cal
endar, is used and where the new year is
the greatest 1 event of the season. - The
members of the legation joined in the fes
tivities. ' . ' ,- ' -
- At the Korean Legation ¦ New. .Year's
day was observed much the same as in
this country.' A dinner < was given this
evening and was attended, by only gentle
men, 'there . being no women among the
household." """ *~ r
> ry^yARIS; Jan. 1.— New. Year's day. was
I )i observed throughout^ France , as a.
•' \^^ : P u Dlic day.' ' In Paris the weather
. '• ¦ ) \ ; was- : muggy.;-. President iLoubet
. ' ¦: received the usual visits "from; the
Cabinet Ministers ".'arid \ the presidents and
vice presidents of the Senate and Chamber
of Deputies. .Mounted Republican Guards,
drawn.up inthe court yardof the Elysee
Palace,' rendered the customary honors to
the. visitors. [{ Later, the President,' escorted
by a detachment; of . cuirassiers, ; returned
the '.visits'.";- He was warmly, cheered by, the
• peoplei^^^^Hl^S^HBpSMBBK
The iarge number of. Americans who
•thronged:; the." salons of .the United States
embassy >this> afternoon attested_.to the
popularity of the United States Kmbassa-"
i dor;- General Horace Porter, and. Mrs."
Porter, 1 who issued " an v operi. Invitation to
airAniencaris to' attend- tneir-iSew Year's
" reception.': ; tne enure Ameri
ican-cuionynere'responded.;, ¦, t L
'-^iJfiitijiiV; Jan. T 1. — Tne xsew Year s fes
tivities, were marked oy trie emergence of
'the court. lrom : rourmng. -Tnere .was a
: service- in ; the 1 mocnmsrin: tne cuapei of
the , palace in " tne : presence ; of vine lm
' penai - lamilyrr Chancellor/ von vtiuiow ¦ and
other dignitaries, r Alter the: ceremony or.
nailing ao.tneir' starts • the standards of
'several new corps tne Emperor and 12m
press received the diplomats. Later in the
:af ternoon the iuinperor returned ine.'calis
of • the ambassadors.
Emperor William's appearance on the
. streets was the occasion of a puDhc ova-
The New Year's reception is a function
to which no diplomat of lower ranlc than 1
an-Etnbassador is invited.-
His . Majesty was in high humor and
lively to-day. He conversed with each of
the eight Ambassadors: in their own lan
guage, except in the case of the Turkish
.&muassador, and ¦- even to him the ' Em-,
peror uttered a few happy phrases in
In his' conversation with Embassador
White 'the Emperor referred to President
Roosevelt's message in most appreciative
terms, saying that Roosevelt '-"evidently
knows his mind and speaks it; says ( what
he means and' means what he says. ...
His Majesty accepted and • reciprocated
the personal congratulations and good
wishes recently sent to him by President
Roosevelt through the United States Em
bassador and spoke- cordially, respecting
the -United States/ especially referring to
the progress made in shipbuilding and
expressed his satisfaction at the perfectly
friendly relations under which the two
nations begin the new year. , .
His Majesty then expressed high expec
tations, of the success of, his new yacht
and when renewing- his charge. to AVKite
to present" his personal good wishes to
President Roosevelt the Emperor added j
the request that at the launching of the!
yacht the President's daughter should be
allowedto name the vessel. *
MEXICO CITY. Jan. L-President Diaz
received thousands of callers to-day/ in
cluding - the diplomatic corps, the Pan-
American delegates; who take rank as
diplomats; . members of Congress, army
and navy officers/ etc. The President was
especially, cordial to the
In the name ; of the diplomatic corps
United States^ Embassador Clayton of
fered the PresIUent new year congratula
. President Raigosa spoke 'on ; Behalf of
the Pan- Americans. ., "., ; ¦ -••¦,- ,,
Embassador and - Mrs v Clayton held a
large New Year's reception at the United
States ; Embassy ., this J afternoon, at which
allthe Pan- Americans were present, v.
• * BUDAPEST, Jan. 1.— The Hungarian
Premier, Koloman de Szell,. while address
ing a New Year reception of the Liberals,
severely challenged the- factions of the
Austrian Reichsrath which have prevent
ed a financial settlement between Austria
and Hungary. The Premier declared that
the twelfth hour had struck, and that if
an agreement was further : delayed Hun
gary, would adopt -an independent ~ fiscal
policy. : '.
Americans Abroad
: Join in the;
;. v; ';; , Festivity. ./
Unusual Observance
in Ail -Foreign
r^ Lands.
People of A 1 Ranks
Receive Warm
Welccme.
Reception the Largest
Held in Many
Years.
THOUSANDS PAY HOMAGE TO PRESIDENT
AND MRS. ROOSEVELT ON NEW YEAR'S DAY
J. ,#i M • J "i_ fc- J V ,*. ¦ , .. ¦ -I- J I i \ J- * V^ JLi \«/ V-^_ \. / a. JL ¦ J J . J ;¦ . . *¦ Jl *• *»* i ' * **^ A j 1 ¦ . ¦ — ~ -*..-., v ¦ ¦ '¦. f
2
l to i Cure:a\Cold;in;One;Day.:J _j- _)
Take L Laxative -- Bromo-QuJnine : .'. Tablets. ?•- A11 L
druggists refund the raonwlf »l.t.> fails ; to . cure.-
K.' W. Grove's signature i Is od each -box, 25c.' •
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
Tliis question arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try j
a delicious and. healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling water and set to
sool. Flavors:— LTemon,' Orange," Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. ; Get a package-
%. tout grocers to-day. - 10 cts.
of Congress from Wisconsin, writes from
Washington. I>. C. Washington Loan
and Trust Co. Building, as follows:
"/ cordially recommend your Peruna to
any one suffering with catarrh. I am fully
convinced of Its curative qualities."
GEO. C. HAZLE70N.
OIJ> TIME BLIZZABDS
Have -Been Raging, BringBag Dis-
comfort, Disease and Death.
Did you catch cold during the last' coi&^
spell? ¦¦
Did It leave you with a cough or tick-
ling oi soreness in your throat, or a
slight discharge from the nose or ear or
ringing In the head?
If any of these things are true you are
in the first stages of chronic catarrh.
Peruna will cure you now in a very short
time.
If you wait until the catarrh -becomes
chroni.e It will take much longer to get
a permanent cure. Besides, no one is
safe a moment while chronic catarrh is
in the system.
It 5s capable of producing a multitude
of diseases, such as bronchitis, pneumo-
nia, quinsy, dyspepsia, Bright's disease
and many forms of female weakness.
This fact should lead every one who has
the slightest cold or cough to begin at
once the proper treatment.
Peruna Is the remedy for all this class
of diseases. It removes the disease by
removing the cause— catarrhal inflamma-
tion or the mucous membrane.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis. - /
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
Hon. Henry Burke, Court Officer of the Municipal Court, 401 Broadway, Min-
neapolis, Minn., writes:, _;¦
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio:
Gentlemen— "After having used Peruna for a few weeks I find that it is a
most excellent remedy for the grip and a serious cold. I recommend it to
my friends as a fine remedy for people that contract colds or Catarrh in
the winter time."— HENRY BURKE:
. k Mr.. Hugh Mooney, 510 West Forty-
second street, New York City, Secretary
of Union 56 of the Eccentric Firemen of
New York, writes: .
. "I can recommend Peruna to be 'the
only genuine catarrh remedy that I have
ever tried. (I have tried a great many
during ; the five years that I have suf-
fered with catarrh.) Subject to colds as
I am from drafts and . sudden changes of
temperature, every new cold brought its
own fresh attack of catarrh. At times
mw nose was stopped up, and there was
a nois& like the rumbling of thunder in
ray ; ears, and a painful headache went
with 1W ' • ; •
"A friend advised me to take Peruna,
as it had cured him: I bought five bot-
tles of it and when • these were finished
my catarrh had disappeared.
' "I bought five more and I have three
of them yet, and whenever I get a fresh
cold I take a few; doses of Peruna as a
preventive from catarrh.
"The symptoms never present them-
selves now." HUGH MOONEY.
Mr. J. B. Reese, r Habnab, Md., writes:
"Two years; ago I became a sufferer
with catarrh, ¦ which continued to grow
worse and made me miserable. I could
scarcely - smell at all, : and my taste had
almost left me. My head ached con-
stantly, and • at times If had high- fever
and bleeding at the nose. I was a per-
fect wreck. .
"I tried several doctors,' but derived no
relief. I . read in one of- your little book-
lets called 'Ills of Life' of Peruna being
«, 'sure cure' for i catarrh, and procured a
bottle at once. After, the use of one bot-
tle I felt some better, so I tried the sec-
.ondand the third, and now I am a well
i man. _
1 "My health is much. better than It has
been for three years. All praise Is due
Peruna." {' J. B. REESE.
I Hon. George C. Hazelton, ex-Member
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,_^i___^-~-
r OF MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.,
Recommends Pe-ru-na for Grip,
Colds and Catarrh.
I * -• - - : ' .;- • -•¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.I
1 H(enry Burke 1ELIZABETH CITT.i N. C, Jan 1 —James
Wila»c,- who is held ,ln connection with the
murder of Miss Cropsey. probably will not have
a preliminary trial. Wilcox is being held pend
ing the presentation by the Grand Jury ror the
March term of the Suprenw court.
PARIS, Jan. 1. — Professor Leopold Ma
billeau of the College of France sails for
New York on the steamer La Savoie on
January 11 to deliver a series of lectures
at American universities under the
auspices of L' Alliance Francaise on
French society. Professor Mabilleau Is
also intrusted with missions in behalf of
the Ministries of Public Instruction and
Commerce. He will investigate and draw
up a report on the social side of Ameri
can education and will also report on the
best site for and means to be taken to
organize the proposed French Industrial
College in the United States. The pro
fessor will put himself in communication
with various American technical institu
tions. He will stay three months in the
United States.
Lectures for American. Colleges.
Juan Hernandez, - not satisfied with
shooting Benningfleld twice with a ¦ six
shooter, picked up a shotgun and dls-
TUCSON, Ariz., Jan. 1. — George ¦ Aston,
who had a ranch in Carrs Canyon, In the
Huachuca . Mountains, and C. ¦ Benning
field, who conducted a saloon in a cabin
In Millers Canyon, were shot and killed
In a fight with Mexican woodchoppers
on Sunday, . news of which has just
reached here. Aston and Benningfleld,
who had been bunting, . went ' into Ben
nlngfield's saloon to get a drink before
going to supper. Just as Benningfleld
stepped inside the door Juan* Hernandez,
a 'Mexican, fired a shot from a six-shoot
er through the roof of the cabin. Benning
fleld warned him not to make a. disturb
ance. The Mexican without a word turned
on Benningfleld and shot him in the arm.
He fired again, and Benningfleld fell to
the floor with a wound through the lung.
George Aston tried to interfere and was
shot through the head. by a comrade of
Hernandez and killed. The bartender
seized a rifle which was standing near the
bar and wounded the man who killed As
ton and then ran out the back door of the
cabin toward Fort Huachuca, where he
gave the alarm. . - . .
Desperadoes Wantonly
Take Lives Near
Tucson.
MEXICANS SLAY
TWO ARIZONANS
Gorman Sure of Senatorship.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Jan. 1.— The General
Assembly of Maryland began its delibera
tions to-day, and after a brief session ad
journed for a week in order to allow time
to make up the committees. Xoble L.
Mitchell of Hartford County was elected
Speaker of the House and Senator John
Hubner of Baltimore County was re
elected President of the Senate. All of
the officers of the last session were re
elected in both houses. The fact that no
tices of contests for the seats of six Re
publicans in the House and one In tho
Senate were presented Indicates that the
Democrats desire a more comfortable
•working majority both on Joint ballot and
in the House than they now have, and as
the results In all the cases brought up to
day were very close it seems likely that
some changes will be made in the pres
ent make-up of the Assembly. The com
ing election of a United States Senator
created but little comment, as It Is al
most universally believed that Sen
ator Gorman will have no difficulty in
securing the prize when the balloting be
gins.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 1.— Robert. Ford, a
steamboat hand, a member, of the San
Francisco Sailors* Union, fell from the
steamer San Jacinto to-day, and was
drowned.
Browned in the Sacramento.
- It Is the Intention of the company to go
forward -with the work on . the new road
without a halt * during the comingr- year.
A contract will be let in a few days," it is
stated, for the grading of a considerable
stretch of road east of Pomona, Cal.,*and
it is "aiso proposed In the :• near future to
put a large force of men at work on this
end of the line. . :. . v ,' '
This nioney is to be paid at once and
makes $6,000,000 already put up by the pro
moters. It is' said to be the only case in
the ¦ history of this country where this
amount of money has been paid for such
work without the Issuing of bonds.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Jan. 1.— The 1 board
of directors of the San . Pedro, Los An
geles and Salt Lake Railroad Company has
Just called upon the members of the com
pany for* an additional $1,000,000 to push
the work of construction on the line that
is to run from this city to the coast. '
Building of Utah-Los
Angeles Road Will
Be Rushed.
NEED MILLION
FOR THE WORK
charged a load of fine shot into Bennlng
field's. head.- : . " ; . -v-c* -: ,|'- ,
The murderers were Joined b>l another
Mexican and the wounded desperado was
put Into Aston's wagon and taken « In the
direction of Old Mexico. . A trail of .blood
led the officers to a point five miles from
the scene of the. killing, and it was then
lost. • The officers believe the t wounded
Mexican was carried over the boundary
by his friends. The rangers have cap
tured five suspects. > ;> : ¦
CHINESE RESTATTBANT
AT STANFORD CLOSES
Students'. Co-operative Inn on the
Campus Will Save No Op
position. , ¦¦
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 1.—
The Chinese restaurant which : has been
patronized Jfor so many years by many
of the students of the university has at
last passed out of existence/ This restau
rant has provided for several hundred
students this semester and was the only
general eating house on the campus. It
was ordered to close so that it would not
afford opposition to the Stanford Inn,
which will .be opened' next week • by > the
students' and run on the co-operative
plan.
Two Hundred Men Idle.
: JEROME, A. T., Jan. 1.— Two hundred
men have been laid oft by the United
Verde Copper Company. There Is much
apprehension among the miners ' and
smelter, men, who fear that the cutting
down of the United Verde's force has Just
commenced and • will end only when ¦ the
production of the' mine is . reduced from
eighty tons of copper daily to forty. The
general impression of the miners is that
this move is an effort to steady the mar
ket y*3BBBS&BB&fi&*'- i ' '' '
LONDON, Jan. 1.— The Candid Friend says
that M. de Blowltz has resigned the Paris cor
respondence ' of • the London Times and retired
to private life and that he has been succeeded
by Arthur Fullertoh, an ! American. (; , , •
NEW VENTURA INSTITUTION
WHERE INVALIDS WILL BE
CARED FOR.
rooms, enibraclng.those to be used by the
nurses and engineers and the furnace and
fuel room.
The first floor contains the men's ward,
the superintendent's room, surgery No. 1,
the dining room, kitchen and pantry and
the laundry and bath rooms.. On this
VENTURA, Jan. 1.— The Bard Me
morial Hospital was opened here
this morning. This magnificent
institution was erected by ! Sen
ator Thomas R. Bard and his
brother, Dr. Cepha L. Bard, as a memo
riar to their mother, Elizabeth Bard; It
Is an imposing structure on Poll street,
on a sloping hillside overlobking the heart
of the "city of Ventura-by-the-Sea : and
commanding a magnificent view of the
Pacific Ocean and the channel islands.
For the beauty of the surrounding.scenery
the site surpasses that of any hospital in
Southern California. The building, in
cluding Its equipment - and appliances,
cost upward of fcsO.OOO. . In time it will be
given to the city of Ventura.
The training school of the hospital will
be conducted in connection with that of
the California Hospital of Los Angeles.
Dr. C L. Bard exercises supervision and
Miss C. B. Carscallen is the superintend
ent. Dr. Bard was formerly president of
the State Medical Society. He is and has
been for many years the County Physi
cian.
The hospital Is a large two-story struc
ture, with basement. It is designed after
the Moorish style of architecture, while
the tower resembles that of the old mis
sions. The roof is of tile.
The basement contains six commodious
One -conspicuous feature Is the absence
of corners in 'the,' various rooms, thus
avoiding the lodgment of dirt and germs."
For invalids who desire pure sea 'air ; this
Institution -will afford a . splendid haven.
The hospital .\« open to the entire medical
fraternity. ¦ y- v r~, '». \ -\ ¦. .
The \erandas, .especially those on the
south side, afford an excellent view of the
surrounding country. They are -forty
eight feet long and eight feet wide,
while those on the east side are fifty-two
feet in length.
On each floor is a ward storeroom . and
hose reels for flre protection. There are
. lockers for all purposes and most of tho
-i corns contain fireplaces. The building. is
lighted by electricity and heated by hot
oir, while, the plumbing is scientific in
every ¦ respect.
The main surgery room 's ?. rhoatim
rortart feature, -and, according \.> ;>Dr;
- 'Bfirci.: an it eal operating room.- -The lloor
Is of antiseptic tile, as is the , wairiscot
, Ing. On the /north side is, a large ptata
. glass window and there Is a skylight
overhead. The anesthesia rbonvopens on
the west with double doors. ¦;.. :* '
floor is located the ' reception room. 'The
women's ward, similar Ito that of the
men, » but larger,-, is on the second , floor.
There is a maternity room, and a nurses'
room attached, a - main surgery t room,
with anesthesia and sterilizing room ad
joining, and laboratory, bathrooms and
nisht -kitchen. ' XLMiMV^'SMUSftsnnf*
JCEW YORK. Jan. 1.— Seth Low, former
Mayor of Brooklyn and president of Co
lumbia University until he gave up that
office to become a candidate for, the
mayoralty on a fusion ticket, became
Mayor of New York to-day.
At tho same time there was an almost
complete turning over of city and county
offices by Democratic Incumbents to ' the
candidates elected on the fusion* ticket in
November. The changes in elected offices
Included the District Attorney, the Comp
troller, the presidents of the boroughs,
the Sheriff, the County Register and the
County Clerk. The successful ones were
&11 candidates on the fusion ticket except
the presidents of the Bronx and Queens
boroughs, where the Democrats were suc
cessful.
Of tho appointed officers the important
changes included the retirement of Police
Commissioner Michael C. Murphy, who
was succeeded by John N. Partridge, and
the appointment of George L. Rives t6 be
Corporation Counsel in . place of John
Whalen. Of the thirty-five district lead
ers of {Tammany Hall eighteen lost their
places 'in the public service to-day.
Low went to the City Hall about noon
and was received by Van Wyck; who
shook the new Mayor's hand and said:
"The time having arrived when my
term of office expires, I take great pleas
ure in turning it over to you, sir. You
came here by right of the people as
Mayor of the greatest city on earth. Let
me assure you that It Is my sincere de
sire that you may have a peaceable and
guccessful administration. I wish you a
happy New Year."
"I thank you sincerely for your kindly
greetings to me and for your kind words.
I speak for myself and for my. fellow
citizens, I am sure, when I wish you suc
cess," said Mayor Low in reply. :
} Low then took the oath of office, after
', -which he held a reception at the City
. Hall. When Deputy Commissioner of Po
lice Devery was introduced to his suc
cessor. Colonel Thurston, he asked the
new Commissioner. Colonel Partridge, to
assign him to duty as a member of the
uniform force cf the city. He claimed
that the act of the Legislature last winter
abolishing the office of Chief of Police
¦was illegal. Colonel Partridge said that
he would do nothing until the courts de
cided the question-
In an address to the captains Commis
sioner Partridge said that he believed
that the police department of New York,
which had freely been spoken of as "the
finest In the world," had fallen from Us
former high standard. He said he knew
that the duties of a policeman were many
and daring. Ee did not believe that the
most sanguine reformer expected to see
a perfectly orderly condition restored in
this city in a day, but he did believe that
the people expected 4mprGvement to fol
low improvement until there was a radi
cal char te for the better.
Colciu | Partridge said that the best way
to checl. the evils of gambling In various
forms was to strike at those piaces which
have In the most persistent manner defied
the law. The new Commissioner said
that the people expected greater vig
ilance in the protection of persons and
property and in the prevention of every
description of crime.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. l.-The chief
development in the legislative contest to
night was the announcement that Con
gressman Dick was on his way to Colum
| b,us to assist the Hanna forces. It had
; been. stated that General Dick desired to
keep entirely aloof from the present fac
tional contention on account of his guber-'
natorial aspirations. The leaders of both
the Foraker and the Hanna factions are
wl P h£ C lp i mm s their ability to organize
both branches of the Legislature and the
indications are that neither side will ad
mit defeat before the holding of the party
caucus on Saturday night. Nearly all the
members of the Legislature will: have ar
rived In the city by to-morrow, night.
Ohio Factions Both. Confident.
The Governor recommends that the di
vorce laws be amended so that a decree
shall not be absolute until six months
after it is granted.
In directing. attention. to the excessive
and increasing cost of maintaining public
institutions Governor Odell seeks "to im
piess upon the Legislature that the time
has come to call a halt and to demon
strate that many of our charitable asy
lums are not run so much for the benefit
of the inmates as for the exposition of
j>eculJar and sentimental Ideas that
should have no part in the management
of our public institutions."
A change in the matter of commitment
of insane persons is recommended, so that
where relatives or friends are able to sup
port those harmlessly Insane they may
not become a burden on the State.
Amendment of the Penal Code Is recom
mended to the end that the, hearing: of
capital cases on appeal may not be de
layed so as to defeat the ends of justice.
In view of the fact that had President
SlcKinley survived the assault of Czol
gosz the latter could only have been sen
tenced to ten years' imprisonment, the
Governor recommends that on a charge of
assault with intent to kill a sentence of
twenty-five years be imposed.
Many Amendments Heeded.
The second proposition is that the canal
be deepened to a uniform depth of nine
feet. The cost of carrying out the latter
project would be J15.056.167. The Governor
also recommends that no railway com
pany be permitted to cross canal bridges
unless an agreement is made to strength
en and keep in repair the structure.
Concerning the canal situation the Gov
ernor recommends that ' two • propositions
be submitted to the people. The first of
these Is that tlje locks be enlarged to a
1000-ton barge capacity and the construc
tion of a nine-foot channel from the Hud
son River to Redford flats.
The Governor expresses his approval of
the proposition to make the tax upon
mortgages on realty 5 mills, which would
produce an annual revenue of $3,003,0.0
and increase the revenues from indirect
taxation to an amount almost equal to
the annual requirements of the State. In
order to remedy the evasion of tax laws
by corporations the Governor suggests
that local assessors be given authority to
compel corporations to furnish lists of
stockholdings..
The excessive cost of receiverships of
public or semi-public institutions Is given
attention in the message, the evils of the
present system being illustrated by the
fact that the total expenses involved in
the liquidation of the affairs of seventy
corporations during the past ten years
have been 51,606,223. The Governor there
fore recommends "the amendment of the
banking and insurance laws so as to pro
vide that all proceedings affecting insur
ance and banking corporations under the
control of the State banking and insur
ance departments shall not only be insti
tuted by euch departments, respectively,
but that they Ehall be placed absolutely
under their control during the liquida
tion."
Receivership Law Defective.
If open saloons should be authorized in cos
mopolitan cities, demands would soon follow
for licenses from other branches of business
and might reach an extent that would arouse
the consciences of every man and every woman
In our . commonwealth who believe not only in
a day of rest, but In rendering to God who
has blessed us as a nation the homage that Is
due to him.
But if by local option is meant the right to
determine whether the doors of the saloons may
legally remain open on Sundays, then a differ
ent proposition is presented and a departure is
proposed from the fixed rules which have gov
erned the administration of the excise laws,
and it then becomes a question which con
cerns not only a particular city, but every
section of our State. Each locality owes to
all others a due regard for- their rights and
convictions and their moral and physical com
fort. No such departure should, therefore be
sanctioned nor power delegated to localities
touching, as this would, upon the fundamental
principles which have had their growth from
the foundation of our country, unless clearly
desired by a majority of the people of the
State. Before submitting a referendum to
the cities the whole question should be passed
upon by the people.
Local option as it relates to the liquor traffic
is understood as meaning that in all communi
ties other than cities tne inhabitants thereof
eh&ll have the right to determine whether
liquor shall be eold in such communities six
days of the week and upon the determination
of that Question the excise department predi
cates its administration. This right was given
because boiore the enactment ot the present
excise law it was within the power of the
voters or of the appointing authorities in the
municipalities and villages to absolutely pro
hibit tne sale of liquor by electing or . ap
pointing a board opposed to the granting of
such license. It is a well-known fact that in
the original draft of the State constitution the
same rights as to the local option were sought
to be given the municipalities and that tney
do not possess them is aue to the opposition
of their own representatives. There can be
no objection to submitting this same question
to the voters of the cities if it is bo desired, as
it would be treating all parts of the State
alike.
Control of Liquor Traffic.
Discussing the correlated subjects of
sumptuary legislation And local option,
the Governor says in part:
"In looking over the salary list of the
city of New York," he says, "it will be
found that there are several officials who
receive a larger salary than the Governor
of the State or the Cabinet officers of the
United States, and it cannot be claimed
With any degree of truth that the serv
ices renderea are always commensurate
with the compensation given."
The Governor also suggests that there
should be a safe margin to enable each
local legislative body to absolutely iix
and determine the percentage of income
to be expended for salaries.
The Legislature is - recommended to
frame a law which will give : the State
Board of Tax Commissioners greater
power to enforce the . rule against ex
cessive as well as low assessments and
to make the State Board a Previewing
court to investigate and correct inequali
ties in the matter of assessments and
thus become not only a mediator as be
tween counties of the State, but also to
serve to protect the rights of individuals
in each locality.
Governor Odell devotes a considerable
space to a discussion particularly appli
cable to New York City. Tne Governor
observes that "the almost total abolition
of State taxes will bring home to tha tax
payer the fact that his expendi'urcs are
to be peculiarly local,' and if they, are ex
cessive the remedy Tests wuti'him to re
buke those who are charged with the ad
ministration of his local uii:m\j."' . .
ALBANY, N. T., Jan. 1.— The General
Assembly convened in annual session to
day. S. Fred Nixon was elected Speaker
of the House and other Republican cau
cus nominees of the House as well as
those of the Senate were also elected. The
annual message of Governor Odell was
delivered. to the Legislature. -^SSl
Tax Problems and Local Op
- tion Features of the
Message.
Governor Odell of New
York Advises the
* ¦ ¦ -
Legislature. >
Seth Low-Takes Oath of
Office as New York's
Mayor.
. Many Officials of the Croker
Regime Lose Their
Places.
TAMMANY RULE
NOW AT AN END
CALLS A HALT
ON CORRUPTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JANUARY 3,-1902/
TOO MUCH LATIN
SAYS DR. JORDAN
BARD MEMORIAL HOSPITAL IN VENTURA
IS THROWN OPEN TO ADMIT THE AILING
California's Junior Senator and His Brother Erect as a Tribute
Their Departed Mother a Haven v W
Surroundings, Invalids May Win Back Health a:h^
'Asserts /That This Study
Should Receive Les3 ,
vAttention.
..California Teachers' Associa-
tion Elects Officers for
/;¦ ¦-.,. the Year.
; PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 1.— The place of
the : high-school in , the State school sys
tem, was the topic under consideration in.
the ' most notable ; of this morning' s de
partmental work of the California Teach
ers'.; Association. .The subject "was dis
cussed along the line as to whether the
high .- school's main purpose is finishing
an education or. rfcerely preparatory. This
question and the present accrediting sys
tem by which hign school pupils are'ad
mitted ' to r the university are being largely
talked of in educational circles at present
and "some of the "strongest men of the
coast were heard this morning. The con
sensus of opinion was that the high
school's function should not be only pre
paratory-
. President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford tjiiiversity ueprecated the custom of
obliging the stuaeut to cnoose a conege
couiae pf study cefore entering coiiege
or deciding upon such course before ue
was old enougn to weigh all the questions
reiatlng^thereio. He aiso deprecated tne
present system by : which ' Latin is made
part of all preparatory worK, declaring
that Latin had usurped an importance
that' was {largely due . to tradition and
crowded out better educational matter.
" The speakers commended . tne accredit
ing ¦ system in - the main, though several
pronounced it faulty in some particulars.
A pian for organizing a State nigh scauul
teachers' association was discussed.
Officers for the coming year were elected
this afternoon, according- to -the old con
stitution of the organization, yesterday's
fiasco ¦ having been" left unaltered and
members of the association abandoning
the -effort for revision for the present
year. ' - . : -
Superintendent Erlewine of Sacramento
and A. E. Shumate of San Jose were nom
inated f^or the presidency, the latter win
ning by one vote. J. B. Millard of Los
Angeles and Mrs. J. E. Chope of Salinas,
superintendent of Monterey County, were
unanimously elected first and second vice
presidents.' - Mrs. " M. 1 M. Fitzgerald of San
Francisco and Philip Prior of San Fran
cisco received the unanimous vote of the
association for the offices of secretary and
treasurer. . C. C. Hughes of Alameda was
elected assistant secretary and L. B.
Avery . of Redlands railroad secretary.
On invitation of J.B. Millard. president
of. the . Southern California Teachers' As
sociation, Los Angeles was chosen as the
next meeting place of the. association.
Acommittee consisting of W. C. Doub
of Kern County, Superintendent Baldwin
of San Diego County and Dr. Van Liew
of the Chico Normal School was appointed
to, institute a campaign looking to a com
plete organization of the teachers of the
State so that they will be enabled to act
as a unit in obtaining legislation for
much-needed reforms in educational work.
.This action is more important, probably,
in Its general public effect than anything
, which will result from the present con
vention.
The remainder of the session was oc
cupied with addresses by President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California on- "Thines Human." and Pro
fessor M. Vincent O'Shea of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin on "Characteristics of
the School of the Twentieth Century.'*
To-nipht the teachers of Monterey Coun
ty tendered a reception to four distin
guished guests of this convention — Dr. E.
Benjamin Andrews, Dr. . M. • Vincent
O*Shea, Dr. Benjamin , Ide Wheeler and
Dr. David StarrvJordah.v The reception
was held In the Hotel Del Monte, and was
an elaborate function/.
IiTJMBER PRICES GO
BOUNDING T7PWABD
Pacific Coast Manufacturers Raise
the Schedule on Their Fin
ished Products.
TACOMA, Jan. 1.— Puget Sound lumber
men will receive $15 per carload more for
fir flooring, ceiling and finishing- lumber
and cedar siding during 1892 than they did
last year. These grades constitute the
largest part of lumber shipments to East
ern ¦ points. The increase has been an
nounced by the executive committee of the
Pacific Coast Lumber Manufacturers' As
sociation and consists of $1 per 1000 feet on
the grades of lumber, mentioned. The
price on rough and dimension 'fir lumber
will remain as it was last year. Some
other minor 'changes, are made : in the
scale. : :s — . - • " >¦• •
Next week a circular will be issued, giv
ing the changes In detail. The cost of pro
duction: has increased during 1 the past
year, prices on fir logs being higher
everywhere. These facts constitute the
basis for the increased price of the - fin
ished product. The Eastern demand • for
lumber was never better, making it cer
tain that the sales will not be curtailed
by the increased rates. ¦ - : . •
Among the largest beneficiaries by the
higher schedule will be the lumber com
panies of San Francisco," which own some
of the largest Sound mills, such as those
at Port' Ludlow, Port Gamble and Port
Blakeley.
-The Lumber Manufacturers' Association
and the , Shingle Manufacturers" Associa
tion will hold their annual meetings at
Seattle on January 14. *
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1.— The" condition of
Mrs. Ida Gilbert Dennis, the dressmaker, who
¦was mysteriously assaulted In her home about
three weeks ago, is very critical. Her death
may occur at any moment.
3
TT!£5!E M2t of tou S^^t steel
becomes dulled
by conrtant use and must have a new
g f j " to do K 00^ Constant
work dulls a man as it does an ax, makes i
s*£ar. t ag y<aiMi «"¦"•¦
something that will r™"™^~"^^r™™^
restore the keenness f^
of mind and activity f "f Y^*\
Dr. Pience's Golden \P5&'u
Medical Discovery «i/ JL ;
puts new life into
¦weak, worn-out, run- Wt3B®k. »
down men and &m£Z%ZlIfr&
women. It strength- *£m0j/r?W&
ens the weak stom- $*0itfJWjW&
ach, purifies the i vV-^ix \"P^
blood, and effect- *£f i% \ \^r^K%
ively stimulates the '$*$£ P?»
Hver. The whole *$%& WM
body is built up with g^
sound, solid fiesh by &£&
the use of "Golden gffiyy "ggf*
Medical Discovery." wa»«— — *^y /
" I was confined to my '
b;d for four months w&jumJ ' I Mr'alr-iJ
from Jaauan- ist, i?too fe^?5f^ ,,,,,,, jLzTiLu
uudcommt^dtouS >^S§ WLTV^SM
your medicine January £&>£? icllitl/tSf £
26th. 1899," writes Mrs. Vf* j Tr- '^jft Fft F
Sellie L. Sheppard, of F '5 7 k33 /£l
Poplarb'.ufT. Mo. -"I ftt 1 1 1 *?§££,
took eight bottles of Dr, \£Z 1J / IB^ilErm
Pierce's Golden Med- 3j(§r / llfo!l!S&
ical Discovery, four of !2^t2 In e?/ife*
'Favorite Prescription,' /M& ' /// tlii&i
two i-ials of 'Pleasant ""ep-A /// j/jt^
Pellets,' and one bottle wS'Sa /// I E%&
of Doct-r Pierce'F Com- \ (wi 1 *^/ // \\l&V7l
pound .H^lract of Smart- « Sc«b*3 // Ulh<fJS
weed, as a liniment, t t=rd&?EJ II III w&S j
Indigestion. obstinate '^"¦™™^ 1 ** — ~"~*~ 1 7~™ — >t
constipation, and hardening of the liver was my !
trouble. I am at this time able to do almost any !
kind of house work. Your medicine saved me
from my grave. Thanlas to you for the benefit.
My case was hopeless when I "began takice your
medicine." * *
Don't be fooled into trading a sub- ,
tfauce for ». shacow. Any substitute ' ;
offered as "just as good" as "Golden ;
Medical Discovery," is a shadow of that j
medicine. There are cures behind every
claim made for the n Discovery," which !
no "just as good " medicine " can 6how.
Biliousness is cured by the use of Dr, ''•
Piexce'e Pleasant Pellets. j
S I 1 W fif Pi AS Its component parts are all wholesome." I £
g ; | 1 1 Ab^Jw I \A |a^ .¦ * fi Lj^a^ It: acts ently witllout unpleasant after-effects. J Ip
»j I' I rf-g t» * 5* •< « .• •. - ; . #m»wP^ it is wholly free from objectionable substances. ' 1 'fe
| thfr Mst faarvily laxat n^ : It contain3 the : iaxitive principl e SO f^ M
i^, 1 v. It contains the carminative principles of plants. ' "j £ ¦
•£ ! It is pure. It contains wholesome aromatic liquids which are v I! %
:| ; I It is efficacious. ,\ All are " skillfully and scientifically, compounded. I jj| |
'^ i It is not expensive. % ¦• Its value is due to our method of manufacture and to p" %
i lit It is good for children. • ' the orginality and simplicity of the combination. - f-jl |
/vljjj! It is excellent for ladies. . To get its beneficial efEects-^-b'uy. the genuine. '/ ; |'^
% " It is convenient for .business men.' , Manufactured by jji'P % '
. |S| It is perfectly safe under all circumstances. . l ~ '¦¦' ' n . . .._ s*> t
| ;J It is^used by millions of families the" world over. \ ijii'l -
| ijj. 1 It stands highesVasalaxative,;withjphysicians. ' : ; : V^ff?' i A^ J "\^ V 'jiii I '
j;i (I If you use^ it you have the best laxative the world .; - '^ '-"%¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ii^
?M U ¦ nrnHn'rPQ i v^"^V^ h r"^K- -¦>•¦' : • •'"'.¦.. Sart Francisco, Cal. g
$,M : : :,P ro(luces - . ¦ LbvHsville.Ky.-' Now: York. N.Y. |
¦¦¦'¦ > 'a ' . ¦ ngMgKHHMHHkanHWHlHBBnBHMHMBHHBBBHaMlBBMflBp^' - ¦ 1:!! .•:'¦
£ \\t FOB SALE BY ALL LEADING DRUGGISTS. - i'll -i
%V* \ '£ . .-." ¦ . . '.-.'''.¦"¦.:. '.'. ¦ ¦ '•*'''''_ ' " ' ' IT'J^^ ¦. ¦, " . " ¦'-.¦'.,>.¦'.-• -¦¦¦"•-'' ',':.-¦.- .•¦;-."¦'..' . ; -. ¦ . ' ¦' , - |jj*_( r W. :
,_ ADVERTISEME2TTS.
Positively cured by thess
1 Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Earing. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drovsiness. Bad Taste ;
in the Mouth. Coated Tonsrue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Reerulate the Bowels. Purely Vecetable.
Small Pil!. Small Dose. '
• » Small Prise.
TURN OVER
A NEW LEAF
On New Year's Day and send yotrr Iann-
dry -work to the U. S. Laundry. Then you
will . always be sure to have the finest
work it is possible to do. Your linen will
look bettej'and last longer. We deliver
promptly.
No saw edees. \
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4- Market Stress:
Telephone — South 4-2O.
Oakland Offlca— 54 San Pablo Ave.
I Repairs broken glasses, j
: Lenses duplicated for 50 I
¦ cents—if astigmatic!
; S1.00 or $i.?o. I
Market St. J
' £ ho . ." Dr - Jplli- A I «en Electric
Belt (with b u a p e n sory) la
guaranteed />>"-<vv to possess . all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and Is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Ctr-
¦ cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., 200 Post st.. -San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway, New York. . . ¦ -
AvisiT- DR. JORDAN'S great 6
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 ' UB 1051 If ASIZT ST. let. fc**7tt, Z.T. ZaL k .
i \ .SSf " Tha Larvest Anatomical Museum in th« \
1 87 t^afcW. World - Weakaosa or *ny contracted 6
T 5mF£»I *se*'e p«»»«l»»l7c^reJftyti; oldest T
V /IS fil Specialist oa tfas Coast Est 3 S years. O
4'&%KZ.h 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ r ($S¥?)3 Consultation free »nd strictly prirate. \
0i Mttfl Trsatment personally or by letter. A 4
\ fi B Tl H "••''*•• CWr»inere*y case nadenakea. T
6 f 7' llM* w rite for Book, PHILSnoraYir A
r • If I 1 " uaaiAGE, mailed fxxs, f at
X . o /], valuable book for men) ' . ... \
f CBJOEDA.V A CO.. 1051 .Market St. S. P. f
DR. HALL'S REINYIQORATORpTfSgS
Stops all losses in 21 hours. Fiv» wgrtfflal
hundred reward for any case we Kzl mK
cannot cure. This secret remedy h y
cures Emission*. Impotency. HITS FGa
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. n*fH Pfflfl
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- ' UUu ' tttt'l
hood and all other wasting ef- EffflLK"?^
fects of self-abuse or excesses. - F"" < T1TflJHI
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
to • cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE 855 Bread-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also tor sale at 1073ft
Market st.. B. F. ¦ Send for free book. ¦
. _ __ . , — ___
,/yVmmfHffbC.fl remedy for Gonorrhcea,
S^?*' Sp«rm»torrho»»,
JS'r&jr CLRES Whites, anmtartl di»-
/h-^sf la 1 to & dij*. aj charges, or any Inflamma-
gTjfrfj Guaranteed la *¦ tion. irritation or nlcera-
|K ij Prevent eoatacioa- tion of dqcoqi mem-
IfWTH'rvuurwniTi! Pn brane3 ' tfon-aatrinseat.
K2JW SoldbyDraMrtBto,
vQr£*S. v ' •*• VliLS by express, prepaid, for
! £$ f '3 fl-OO, or 3 bottles, 12.73.
Circular seat oa request.
>*ngr330 MARKET ST. ST.
Airr nnifll Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL s^a
•-".": uw illb b^. overcoats and ¦
valises checked fre* '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives n-allh t>nd -
strength to sexual organs. Depot. o'S ' Market.
DIRECTORY
OF? RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
\. on Application. -
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
'I f UJWSJtn 900 Battery Stre-:.
J- C- W 1L jUll tt \>J- Telephone Main 18ttt.
FRESH AND SALT. MEATS.
-IA^ RfiVP^ * PA Shipping Butchers, lot
JAJ- t>U 1 C3.CL CU Clay. - Tel. SU^IaH..
'¦] •¦',-'". < . T '-\ 1 v.^."'- .'•¦'OILS.'. .'¦¦
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
. . 413 , Front »t., S. ¦ F. Phone Main 1713. .
.¦•..:.••¦ PRINTING. '
ECBUGBES; ? -m'sSSTg: s. ¦-,. .
PRINTERS/BOOKBINDERS *
THE HICKS-XODD CO.. ~ '
~i First street.' San Frinclsca.traction throughout the day. The princi
pal event was a handicap foursomes, for
which some ten teams were entered. The
best score was turned in by J. A. Folger
and George A. Pope, who were practi
cally the scratch team with their handi
cap of four. They made each circuit in
53. There was only one other "5.1," the
majority of the competitors running Into
higher figures. -The scores were as, fol
lows*: ¦ ' •'
' ,' -.; ; ;^-
T r a p sh ooters Fail
to Stop the Flight
of Speedy Pigeons
MANY BIRDS
ARE NOT HIT
- • ¦
Pembrokeshire } Reaches : i Port.
Wheatland Hunter Shot; '
Business Improves in Germany.
BERLIN, Jan. L~PresIdent Koch of
the Reichsbank is'of .the opinion' that 'the
business , situation in Germany has taken
a turn for the better and believes the new
year opens \ with somewhat better, pros
pects. '.'The -worst appears to be past,"
said he. "This is not merely my personal
impression.; . The : statement"^ based on
reports I have received - from the various
parts of Germany,. where an Improvement
of the situation has begun."
Pan- American Delegates at Odds.
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 1.— The situation
in the 'Pan- American conference continues
critical; r and probably not until tho da v
after to-morrow will the fate of the gath
ering be known.. The Chilean deletion
was closeted with one another to-day but
when seen they declined to give an v in
timation as to their ultimate . action if
they remain firm and refuse to allow" the
plan. of compulsory arbitration to be re
ported to the^ conference then either thev
or several of the 'other South American
delegatea must withdraw. The burden of
peace-making falls on the Mexicans as
the United delegates remain neu-
LITTLE ROCK, Ark, Jan. L— Reports
from Bentonville to-day state that United
States Senator Berry's condition has.im
proved 1 materially and that he expects to
leave to-morrow for Washington.
iiMiHinmiimiiil ii ¦¦ inn ii I'm ii Ti ¦inTHium mhiIii ¦¦¦¦*¦ rtfrHM^MM
Senator Berry's Condition Setter.
NEW YORK, Jan. "L— After a continu
ous service of nearly half a'V century in
the law firm of Evarts, Choate & Bea
man, Joseph H. Choate has withdrawn
and temporarily at least will discontinue
the practice of law. Choate communi
cated his Intention to his associates some
time ago, giving, as his reason that his
duties of state as Embassador from the
United States to England have prevented
his active participation in the affairs of
the partnership for the last two years
and that these duties would consume so
much of his time .for several years to
come that it would be impossible for. him
to pursue his law practice. Another rea
son was that the recent deaths of Wil
liam M. Evarts, Charles C. Beaman and
Prescott Hall Butler would necessitate a
change in the firm name, and he urged
that such ehould be done.
Choate Abandons Law Practice.
No Assessment Work Done on Prop
erty in Two Years Owing to
Litigation.
SAN ANDREAS, Jan. 1.— The Fellow
craft mine at this place was "jumped" by
J. F. Treat Jr., H. F. Zwinge and Benja
min Johnson at midnight last night. This
mine, with its mill site and buildings, has
lain idle for the past two years, owing to
litigation. The assessment work was not
done this i year and for this reason tha
property was "Jumped." The property \»
owned by Dr. Lewis, of San Franci3co
and G. Tiscornla, of San Andreas. Tis
cornia bought his half share some months
SSdVt *30T0O0. itOr3 ' "**• **• P. r °P^y. is
FELLOWCRAFT MINE AT
SAN ANDREAS "JUMPED"
FLETCHER BENNETT.
The wounded are Mrs. Dunbar and
Arthur Dunbar. ; ,
A "watch" party was given at 'the resi
dence of Jesse Griffen, and during the
evening William Cobb became involved
in a dispute. CObb later left' the house
After his departure the quarrel was taken
up by Fletcher Bennett, and Dunbar
drew his pistol. .': Griffen, the host, inter
fered, taking - Dunbar's "• pistol from him.
Fletcher Bennett suddenly seized the
weapon and shot George Dunbar,- killing
him instantly. The ' latter's son Harry
came to the defense, but was also killed
by Bennett. Arthur Dunbar, another eon,
also Joined in the fight and shot Bennett.
The shootiiig became general and Ben
nett received a second shot which killed
him, and -Arthur.' Dunbar received a
wound which may. prove fatal.
Mrs.- Dunbar was also shot, but It Is
believed; she will recover. Arthur Duri
bar was brought' to the "hospital in Au
gusta, -where - the physicians pronounced
his wounds fatal. The Dunbars are cous
ins of W. H. Dunbar, former Postmaster
of Augusta. ;•:-'¦¦¦¦¦ . ". ¦ . \
AUGUSTA, Ga., Jan. 1.— Three people
were killed and two wounded last night
at Robbins, N. C, in a fight which oc
curred during a party. given at the resi
dence of Jesse Griffen. The participants
in the . fight were people well known in
this part of the country. The dead are: .
GEORGE DUNBAR. .:
HARRY DUNBAR. V
____ — __ . . _
LONDON, Jan/ 2.— The, Dally Express
publishes a cablegram .from one of the
highest officials of the' Newfoundland
Cabinet as follows: '•»¦ '• -
- ST. JOHNS, N.. F., Jan. ,1— This Gov
ernment has not considered the renewal
of the modus vivendl : fend hopes there
will be no .occasion -to, consider', the re
enactment of a measure so detrimental to
.the interests of, the empire and the colony:
The ' Government has not; received v any,
advice ifrom the imperial Government as to
what has been : done* with regard td the
negotiations with. France since the New
foundland delegation left Londonvlast
May. All the colony's representations .to
the Colonial Office have been. unanswered
and 1 no reply has been received regarding
reciprocity with > America, although.: the
imperial Government's desire respecting
a discussion of that question between Sir
Wilfrid Laurier and Sir Robert Bond (re
spectively ."the Premiers of Canada and
Newfoundland) - has been fully complied
with and the result-has-been reported to
the Colonial Office. The successful man
agement of '.the colony's r affairs by the
present administration ;Js .manifested by
a financial ¦ condition unparalleled; in ! its
history. We only J require Justice at *¦ the
hands ¦ of ..the , imperial Government ¦ In
the removal . of the .restriction as to 7 the
treaty,': shore .and .trade relations: with
America. to assure us a position of perm
anent prosperity.. ' . - . .
The Anglo-French, modus -vivendi cov
ering the lobster : questlon^on > the French
shore of Newfoundland- expired' yesterday
and apparently i no 'arrangement ;wtth'
France. is. in sJsnt;- ., • , » ,
ROME, , Jan. 1.— -The French Embassa
dor, ¦• M. • Calilebarrere, speaking . at • a \! re
ception ; of the French ¦ colony . here , to-day,
took occasion to allude in the most friend
ly* terms to the I relations 'between -France
and. Italy. | He. complimented* Italy, on '.the
astonlahing' material r progress 'made by
.that country during", the ; past . year/ de
clared that therd, was no longer any, Med
iterranean : problem . beween , the two cbuni'
tries and added that : air other: vital ;ques-'
tions had likewise *been settled on a last
ing; and satisfactory basis. ":.-'.-; '.- ¦
General Andre, the ..Minister- of "War.
telegraphed to =. the ¦¦ Russian Minister ; of
War,- "- General Konropatkine, the I greet
ings of the French army to the Russian
army and to their Majesties. ' . , • ¦
President Loubet,- In reply sent; the fol
lowing message to the C»ar: :
\"1' am: deeply touched ,by the good
wishes of yourself and her. Majesty - for^
France. ¦ My ; country preserves a ¦ grate
ful remembrance of the second visit' you
deigned j to devote | to her and will ; rejoice
to learn of the happy and, lasting. Impres
sion^ that your recent stay in France has
left 'in your mind." v ' --' ;.. ;..":; .
PARIS, Jan. .1.— The customary, ex
change, of New Year's greetings between
St. : Petersburg, and Paris occurred j to 7
day... The Czar telegraphed as follows to
President Loubot: C ," , . : '
; "On the occasion of the new year the
Empress and myself desire to express to
you our best wishes for Fr ance : and ¦; f or ,
you personally. 'Among the most;agree
able remembrances '-of the year- just
closed/that of the few days passed in
the; beautiful country friendly and alHeri
, to ! us Is specially dear." " ' ' ¦•'¦ ;..<.;
On the other . hand. In Batangas prov
ince the organized campaign against the
insurgents , is progressing favorably ana
speedy results are -expected
MANILA, Jan. 1.— Lieutenant Charles
D. Rhodes of the Sixth Cavalry, accom
panied by two orderlies, when within six
miles i of - • Manila to-day came across
twenty armed insurgents in a cuartel or
barracks. The insurgents shouted "Amer
icanos" and Lieutenant Rhodes feigned a
retreat. ' But in reality he* took the bar
racks in the flank and drove out the in
surgents, capturing two rifles, three ra
volvers • and some ammunition. Rhodes
then burned the barracks and proceeded
to Manila.
General Wheaton's report from the Isl
and of Samar indicates that little has
been accomplished there. The attitune
of the . natives is -even more unfriendly
than ever before. .General Chaffee will
probably visit the island in order to In
vestigate the state of affairs prevailing
there. ¦ . . •'" . f
Fort Canby. .
ILWACO, Wash.. Jan. 1.— Lieutenant
James F. Beven, Eighth Artillery, was
found dead in bed at Fort Canby this
morning. A bullet had pierced hi3 brain
and by his side was found a revolver. It
v<as apparently a case of suicide, though
no reason is known why he should ta£e
his life.
Lieutenant Beven had risen from the
ranks and was a very popular officer. He
was captain of the Fort Canby football
team. Beven was 40 years of ago and had
served in the Philippines.
James F. Beven of the Eighth Is
Found Dead in His Bed at
, The. adherents of Bartolome j Maso, the
Democratic candidate' who recently with
drew from the campaign, not" only with
drew their candidates, but refused to go
to the polls. A remaricably. light vote was
polled throughout the. island: .La-Discu
sion ascribes -this indifference to the cer
taintyion the part of the Palmaists of be
ing victorious^ and that consequently the
majority-of ¦ them at home and
did ' not vote. La Lucha Says' that this
light vote can -be taken as .'a protest from
the ' Cuban people against ; the I imposition
of official candidates.'. »''•;' \ ,' ¦ *
.'The Dlario de la -Marina, says that the
reBuUMs an -indication that , the Cuban
Democracy may: look upon .an Ameri
can-policy-as inevitable. ¦¦¦;¦,: ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦
•SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Jan. 1.— The mu
nicipal government of thls>city celebrated
the victory, of the Nationalist party at the
polls .yesterday, and • the . lhauguration ~ of
the new, year by raising a silk Cuban flag
forty: feet long over-'the city's end of the
palace . at - midnight ¦ last ¦ night. - . Colored
lire,-; roman candles 'and. rockets set olf
from : the . roof of • the palace made a fine
display. A' band played the national hymn
and the plaza In front of the palace was
crowded. . : : . . ; - ¦
¦ • A ..brilliant ¦ ball ' was . also" given at ¦ the
San Carlos Club. Here the festivities were
suspended, during the ceremony of raising
the- Cuban flag, and the gu«6ts of the club,
including many American officers, wit
nessed-the spectacle.. ,..,: ; : ¦¦.¦:'¦
¦«'At- the-^baseball i game this afternoon.'
before 5000 spectators, lha Cubans beat
the Americans by fourteen to two- runs.
•¦~? .' ' ¦. ¦ - i; .¦-:¦- ¦ :
', HAVANA, :Jan. I.— The Indications, are
that the entire Palma' ticket will be elect
ed and that .Thomas Estrada- Palma, the
Nationalist candidate for the Presidency
of Cuba, will' receive. the unanimous vote
I of. the electoral 'college.' : -^ .-'•--. : ' ' '
KAL.ISPEI,, Mont. Jan. L— Patrick Sul
livan, of Jennings. Mont., shot his wife, his
grandchild and himself last night with fa
tal results to himself and the child, while
his wife is in a dangerous condition. He
was an old miner, well known around
Butte, where he had worked many jeears.
His wife conducts the section house at
Jennings.
The citizens of Jennings sent to Kallspel
for medical aid and a special train was
sent this morning with two physicians and
the Coroner. At a point just west of Lu
cerne the engine jumped the track, in
stantly killing Engineer Herson and
seriously injuring Fireman WIlcox, who
was scalded. The caboose did not leave
the track and the doctors proceeded . to
Jennings, while the dead and injured were
brought to Kallspel.
Tragedy Delayed by
Wreck.
Medical Hen on Way to Scene of a
DISASTER TO A TRAIN
DOUBLES DOCTORS' WORK
ARTILLERY LIEUTENANT
ENDS LITE WITH BULLET
Nation ai; Party in Cuba
Assured of Easy
v Triumph. '
Nicholas Sends Warm
New Year's Greet- ;
ing to Ljoubet.
Results in Three
Deaths.
Fight at Georgia Party-
American Officer and
Two Orderlies Rout
a Score.
British Colonial Office
Is Silent Concerning
Reciprocity.;
CZAR RECALLS
FRENCH FAVORS
VICTORY GOES
TO PALMAISTS
FILIPINOS MEET
THREE TARTARS
NEWFOUNDLAND
SEEKS JUSTICE
north winds had left the ground hard,
which made it bad, fpr the horses in
jumping. . ' -. . . ... ..
The ileld of riders was not as large as
was expected, owing to various attrac
tions in this city and elsewhere. The
drag was. laid down by Burllngame sta
tion to the Corbltt place, thence back
lnto the foothills over the Barrollhet place
and the Howard estate to Black Moun
tain. The • hunt : then skirtod j around
"Grossways," «F. 'J. Carolan's -country
place, crossed- the golf links and | ended
at the clubhouse, , near which the last
jump was taken. . ,
Jerry Keating, the huntsman, rode the
Bell. mure; Jerry Williams, the whipped
In, was on Mr. Beylard's.gray horse; Mr.
Beylard rode his black hunter, Friar
Tuck: R.-.M. Tobin had his favorite hunt
er, Meetor, out; A. L.. Whitney rode his
hor*e, Cross Country, while Teddy How
ard was on his small pinto horse.
.The golf links proved the center of at-
No Confirmation of the Report About
a Consolidation of Electric
Companies.
SEW YORK, Jan. 1.— One of the offi
cials of the Westlnghouse Electric, and
Manufacturing Company to-day said the
published report that George Westing
house and J. P. Morgan a re arranging a
plan by which the Westinghouse Com
pany and the General Electric Company
are to be merged with a capitalization of
$50,000,000 has no foundation so far as he
is aware. He adds:.
"Such reports are easily originated and
readily believed, as the majority of finan
cial people and others interested in indus
trial matters lock upon such an arrange
ment as almost Inevitable. The chief ob
stacles In the way of such .an arrange
ment are probably the conservative views
of those In control of the Westinghouse
Company as to the capitalization, man
agement and other details."
DENIES THAT MORGAN
is Foajffnra new trust
John Lawson and Mrs. Walter Martin
defeated T. P. Gower and Mrs. Laurance
Scott in mixed foursomes.
Only three men faced the traps for the
pigeon shooting. Fred Tallant carried
off the honors, scoring 17 out of 20. He
missed his first bird and lost his -second,
dead. out of bounds. He also missed his
sixteenth bird. Mr. Uewhall and "Walter
Martin tried their hands at the game,
but were- quickly satisfied. Miss Taylor
killed one and missed a second one. Mrs.
Lent v/as merciful to the bird at which
she fired. It escaped. The scores:
Fred Tallant <28 yds)..0*lU212S1112210im— 17
Oeorge . Lent (ilS yds) . . .2^21 1122022*1021201 — 15
D. Drysdale (27 yds) 21U112M22021010202— la
?—Dead out of bounds.
. 2.— Second barrel. ', '
The annual Mew Tear's day dinner of
the Corinthian Yacht Club took place yes
terday at the Tlburon clubRouse. It was
generally admitted by the one hundred
arid thirty guests and members present
to have excelled all Its worthy predeces
sors. Preparations for the Gargantuan
feast began on the last day of . the old
year and were continued until noon yes
terday, at or about which hour the cooks
and waiters. In neat array of white duck,
marched into the town, returning with
roast turkeys, geese and sucklingr piss.
Nothing loth, the members and guests
swarmed into the banquet hall, where
three tables were -set.
Later the cooks and waiters, under the
leadership of P. U. Schober, sat down to
a well-earned repast. Commodore H. D.
Hawks, the retiring senior officer of the
club, -was presented a handsome pair
of binocular marine glasses as a. token of
appreciation for his services, H. B. Pen
nell, formerly port captain or the Corinth
ian Yacht Club, making the presentation.
Jack O'Brien was U resented a gold
locket, and, to voice his thanks, sang a
song. Mr. McBride sang, as also did
Cathcart and Ryan, and a quartette,
Richard Farrar gave a violin solo and L.
B. Chapman, a former commodore, read
a paper on the trials and tribulations of a
yacht's cook. "It was brimful of classical
and historical allusions and of witty hits.
T. J. Cavanaugh received a handsome
corkscrew as a souvenir of his useful
work as president of the Old Men's Club
and in other capacities. Vice-Commodore
E* P. Bagar made a few humorous re
marks on elections in yacht clubs and ex-
Commodore T. P. Tracy dealt out hard
knocks all around in a characteristic
speech. - -
Tiburoa Clubhouse Is Crowded Witl*
a Jovial- Throng of Members
and Guests.
J. A. Folger and G. A. Pope Prove Their Skill at theScotch Game
by Winning First ¦¦Place* From a Numb?rvcf %rnb?r- Repre
senting the Best Talent of Which' the; Orgariizaticri Boasts
GOLF PLAYERS MEET IN FOURSOMES
ON THE CLUB'S PICTURkSQLJE LINKS
COBINTHIAN YACHTSMEN
ENJOY ANNUAL BANQUET
HOUNDS OF THE SAN MATEO COUNTY HUNT AS THEY, APPEARED YESTERDAY AT THE ; "MEET." THE
HORSEMAN ON THE RIGHT IS "JERRY". KEATING, THE CLEVER HUNTSMAN OF., THE. CLUB. ON THE
LEFT IS "JERRY" WILLIAMS, THE WHIPPER-IN. >
AFTER FESTIVITY
COMES TRAGEDY
i*UJ> &olf and trap-shooting were
the attractions which helped draw a
goodly attendance of members and their
friends to the handsome clubhouse at tne
base of the San Mateo. foothills. For
those who did not . care* to follow the
bounds nor tramp over " the golf links
there was music and then luncheon. At
the clubhouse were:
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Hobart, Princess
Poniatowskl, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Mar
tin, Mr. and Mrs. Laurance Scott, Mr.
and Mrs. H. T. Scott, Miss Carolan,- Mrs.
D. M. Burns, Miss Rowena Burns, Mrs.
Dunphy.'Mr. and Mrs. TV. H. Taylor, Mr.
and Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Miss Frances
Hopkins, Miss Georgia : Hopkins, Mr.
and Mrs. A. B. Ford, Miss Car
rie Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mc-
Intosh, Mr. and Mrs. George Lent, George
Aimer Newhall; Gerald Rathbone, Rich
ard Carolan, Charles Dunphy, Harry
Poett, Harry Simpkins, George A. Pope,
R. .M. Tobln, George Crocker, A. L.
Whitney, Captain A. H. Payson, D. Drys
dale, John Lawson, T. P. Gower, E. D.
Beylard, Fred McNear, T. P. Cushing, F.
W. Tallant, W. Page, Frank Goad, R. J.
Woods, Perry Eyre, Julius Kruttschnitt,
C. O. Hooker, Samuel Knight, A. P. Red
ding and R. L. Coleman.
The draghounds of San. Mateo County
Hunt .afforded an exhilarating gallop of
ten miles across country to a small field
of horsemen. Jerry Keating, the club
huntsman, hunted the hounds in the ab
sence of J. J. Moore, the acting master.
He turned them out in excellent condition
and they seemed better matched than at
any other meet this season. - The recent
« 4-4-H"i":"i':"!"M-:"i"i"i"i"H"!"i"i";"!":"i'
THE new year - was appropriately
ushered in' at the BUrllngame
Country Club yesterday with a
round of outdoor^ sports. Hunt-
and Minnesota. Iowa and Illinois were
well represented. Prizes were awarded
as follows: |
The mixed Quartet competition was
won by Oshkosh. L C. Paark of Scran
ton won the prize for composition on
"Englyn" and the "Threshing Machine."
Mrs. Albert Fink of Milwaukee was suc
cessful in glee competition.
The soprano solo competition prize
went to Cora Owens of Cambria, Mass.
The Racine quartet won the prize in the
double male quartet contest. An adju
dication on "Heroism" went to John D.
Lewis of Cleveland. R. L. Owen or Chi
cago won In the barytone competition.
The Venedocia (Ohio) Glee Club won the
chorus competition in the afternoon. Wil
liam Winkleman of Cincinnati won the
tenor solo to-night.
The festival closed late to-night with
the mixed chorus competition, "O, Great
Is the Depth," for a prize of 5500, which
was won by the Milwaukee Chorus, con
ducted by President Othero and led by
George Hughes.
RACINE, "Wis.. Jan. 1.— The National
Eisteddfod, held at the Lakeside Audito
rium to-day, was a great success in
every way. Visitors were present in large
numbers from several cities of Wisconsin
Held With. Great Success in
Wisconsin. . •
Welsh Literary and Musical Festival
SINGERS GAIN PRIZES
AT NATIONAL EISTEDDFOD
San Mateo Hunting
Men Enjoy Going
Across C o u n try
FAST RIDE
WITH HOUNDS
Eugene Geary's fast courser, Bonnla
Pasha, sister of the champion greyhound
Palo Alto, won first honors in the Holiday
stake yesterday at Union Coursing Park,
Hugh Lynch' s speedy youngster. Merri
mac, was the runner-up. In the long odds
book Merrimae was a strong: choice and
in the final was quoted a 2 to 7 favorite
over Geary's greyhound. Bonnie Pasha
drew out well for the turn after a long
j run up and held possession . until the
course was finished, , without allowing the
younger dog to score. The hares, while
not as speedy as recent lots, were fast
enough to make the trials interesting.
Loyal Lad reached third place in the
stake by clever work. He beat St. Ives
and Real Article at short end prices and
looked a strong factor for stake honors.
He finally succumbed to the runner-up.
Amedee, too, was favored for the final,
but lost the flag to Bonnie Pasha in the
fourth round in a close course.
Jingle Bells furnished the upset at t h»
day. In the run down Vulcan, her op
ponent, was the choice at 1 to 5. Jingle
Bells showed the speed and scored the
turn and Vulcan, plcKing up the hare, shut
himself out without scoring- enough points
to overcome his opponent's lead.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Special holiday stake, first round — T. J. Cro
nin'a Tralee Boy beat B. Silva's Master
Rocket. 7-4; "H. Lync&'s Merrimae beat Chla
rlnl Bros.' White Hat, 4-2; P. Steinhoff'a Veto
"beat J. P. Sweeney's Cottage Lass. 7-1; E.
Shortatag's Crawford Lass beat P. M. Clark
son's Miss Brummel, 6-0; H. Lynch'a Black
Bart beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Diablo. T-0;
II. Kohlander's Master VVhalen b«at C. dock's
Alameda Lad, 17-0; P. M. Clarkson's Goldaa
Garter beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen, 6-2; G«orga
Sharman's Chicago Bor beat W. H. Robin
son's Rosi« Freedom, l.J-7; A. R. Curtis" Loyal
Lad beat George Shartnan's St. Ives. 5-2;
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat Ed Neave'a
Wedding Bells, 12--J; Pasha Kennels' Real
Article belt F. Lee's Sweet Locust, 22-7: P.
Doyle's 'liberator beat P. M. Clarkson'a
Prompto, .'4-6; 3. Denrpsey'a Jingle Bells beat
A. R. Curtis' Vulcan. 3-2; E. Qeary'a America
beat L. F Bartela' Best Bargain, 8-3: Pasha
Kennels' Rich Argosy beat S. A. Smith's In
jury. 10-'; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrenca beat P.
Doyle's Thelma. 7-0; E. Geary's Bonnla Pasha
beat J. H. Muller*3 Cruiser, 12-4; Kelley&
Hanley'3 Naughty Girl beat I>. Dillon's Eu
ropa 7-1; S. A. Smith's Petronius beat D.
Toland's Twilight Jr., 6-0; J. F. Eadt's Lo
rlna beat Ed Neave's Strayaway, 3-0: E.
Geary's Fannie Hughie a bye; Sterl &
Knowles' Oleta beat W. J. Leonard's Tom
JIurlIck 5-4: F. Rosenb«Tg<rr'« Master Bly
beat K.' A. Cheetham's *My Selection, 8-0: L»
S. Barre's Amedee beat J. M. IlaHon'a May
Hempstead, 5-4.
Second round — Merrimae beat Tralee Boy,
7-.V, Veto beat Crawford Lass. 11-9; Black Bart
beat Master Whalen. 1(1-8; Golden Garter beat
Chicago Boy, 4-0; Loyal Lad beat Fiery Face.
6-0; Real Article beat Liberator. 4-0: America
beat Jingle Bells. 8-7; Sir Lawrence beat Rich
Argosy 21-11: Bonnie Pasha beat Naughty
Girl, 5-2: Lorlra beat Petronlus, 3-0: Fannie
Hughie beat Oleta, 10-8; Amedee beat Master
Bly, 1S-5.
Third round — Merrimae beat Veto. 6-2: Gold
en Garter beat Black Bart. 13-7 :¦ ¦ Loyal Lad
beat Real Article. 8-4; America beat Sir Law
rence S~-6; Bonnie Pasha beat, Lorina, 8-6;
Amed'ee beat Fannie Hughie, H-X».
Fourth round — Morrirnac beat Golden Gar« .
ter, E-0; Loyal Lad beat America, 10-1: Eon
nin Pasha beat Amectee, fl-5.
Fifth round — Mnrrimac beat Loyal Lad, 13-5;
Bonnie Pasha a bye.
Deciding course — Bormie Pasha beat ilerrl
m«P, 4-0. -
Runs responsible ' for— Waddell 0, Le» 6.
Home run— Waddell. Three-base hits—Bar
rett, Lee, Mertes. Two-base hits— Steinfeldt,
Bradley. Hulen, Barrett. Sacrifice hit—Beck
ley. . First base on errors — All- Americas 2,
Nationals 1. First base on called balls— All-
Americas O, Nationals S. I^eft on bases — All-
Americas 7, Nationals 10. Struck out — By
Waddell 2. by Lee 2. Hit by pitcher— Chance
2. Double play— Mertes to Steinfeldt to Beck
ley. Wild pitch— Waddell. Time of game —
One hour and 45 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Nationals ...0 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 2—0
Base hits 1 120 0 1103— ft
All-Americas 00 « 2 1 0 1 0 2 — ?)
Base. hits... 0 0 2 4 2 0 3 0 3—14
RUNS AND HITS BV INNINGS.
Total? ...33 0 9 8 "24 12 2
•No one out « lif n winning run was scored.
AB. R. BH. 6B.PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f..4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Hulen. 3b 4 1 2 1 0 S 0
Mertes. 2b 22 2 1 S 2 0
Chance, c 3 l'O 2 4 O O
Le«\ p 4 «l 1 W , O o O
Beckley, lb 3 0 1 O 8 O O
Steinfelctt, s. s -5 02 0 2 6 2
McHale, I. f 4 0 0 1 2 0 0
Schmidt, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
TotaU ....38 6 14 O 27 11 1
. NATIONALS.
-•i AB. R. BH. SB.PO. A. E
Pickering, 1. f ...... 5 2 2 04 1 0
Uarrett, c. f 5 1 3 U 3 0 0
Mercer, r. t. ....... 4 0 0 0. 1 0 O
Lajole, 2b 4 O 2 O 5 2 O
r>avl8. lb 4 1 1 O 6 O O
Bradley, 3b 4 1 1 0 1 2 1
Irwin, s. b ....4 0 2 0 4 1 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 (10 4 2 0
AVaddell. i> 4 13 0O30
ALL-AMERICAS.
sometimes says -It would go miles to see.
In the ninth the All-Americas tied and
overlapped the Nationals, winning a game
that seesawed through tnree innings. The
score at the conclusion read G— 5.
Rube "Waddell won . bis own game by
putting the ball over the center field
fence close to Ringold street. The bat
ting of both teams was of the crackling
order, and the fielding the kind that
brings the crowd out of the chairs. Until
the seventh inning- the All-Americas led",
with the board reading 3—1. Then the
Nationals scored a couple of runs, but a
single tally by the All-Americas in the
same spell put them again in the lead.
Two runs by each team in the ninth were
what sustained the interest. The score:
Full of good resolutions, the two East
ern baseball teams crossed bats at Recre
ation Park yesterday afternoon and
played the kind of baseball the public
Jingle Bells at Good Odds
Outpoints Speedy
Vulcan.
Instances.
Batting Is Good and Fielding
*/ Sensational in Many
N6W Year's Game Pull
of Exciting Base
ball Stunts.
Defeats Merrimae for
Coursing Honors at
Union Park.
BONNIE PASHA
A STAKE WINNER
ALL-AMERICAS
WIN IN NINTH
HOLIDAY FESTIVITIES AT BURLINGAME
THE. SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JARIgRY 2,
4
.MAKY»vxL*iiB,jan. 1.— Samuel Enochs;
of Wheatland, while hunting with a' party
in the hills five miles east of . that place to
day - was • accidentally shot 'in " the •: thleh
with a large caliber rifle, and his wound
1»^ believed", to be . fatal. The ? messenger
who brought : the news could- not i give d£-
"ASTORIA, . Ore., Jan. 1.— The steamship
Pembrokeshire, 'which "struck '¦• last night
on Sylvja deiGras'Reef,. is.tied upatthe
dockdn this: city. A 'largej hole was torn
.in her port bow, but it is believed that re
pairs can- be ; made ' without t removing; her
entire cargo. s» The- Pembrokeshire! carries
6000 tons,o£,wheat. : • -
PALMA ¦¦;_ HEARS : OF, SUCCESS.
Efforts Will Be Made to Bring 'About
"¦."".- 'vavBeeiprbcity Treaty. r . ;
:'' NEW ..YORK,: Jan.? L-Tomas -Estrada
Palma; Inihis' home at Central ,Valley.\ N."
Y;-r; to-night i received .hews that "his - eler-
tion to; the Presidency, of the republic of
Cuba.was conceded. He announced that
t 5 e »:. ne J*' C P ba would be one of work and
of high endeavor, that it would be his aim
to strengthen the friendly relations which
exist between his country and the United
States andto bring; about reciprocity.
Shaw Starts for the Cabinet.
DES MOINES. Jan. l.-Governor Leslie
M. Shaw, the* coming Secretary of th»
United States Treasury, departed for
Washington this evening. He will spend
to-morrow in Chicago and will arrive at
Washington Friday night. Ho will re
main there two days and will return to
Des Moines in time for the Grant Club
banquet January 9. Governor-elect Cum
mins called on Governor Shaw to-day and
extended New Year's greetings, incident
«"J» V st 1£ lnS T to . p over nor Shaw's meaT
Jafuaiv lS. e Leglslature « ™ hlch convenes
FLAYERS..... |
.£ B g S
« K E r
i § : :
I §. : :
\ r - : \ : :
•_ __¦ - '
J. ¦ A, F61ger and - j . ' I
0. A. Pope :. 4
C. O. Hooker and
Perry Eyre '•• 12
E. Payson and
1. Parrott Jr. 8
A. P. 'Redding and
H. L.. Coletnan . 11
J. Krutlschnitt and - - .
A. B. For<3... 12
A. H. Payson and
Sam Knight 10
53 1 53 108. | 102
CO 57 117 105
53 Cl 114 100
65 50 ,124 113
61 65 1S6 114
C3 70 13.1 I 123
' I
FLAYERS..... |
.£ B g S
« K E r
i § : :
I §. : :
\ r - : \ : :
•_ __¦ - '
J. ¦ A, F61ger and - j . ' I
0. A. Pope :. 4
C. O. Hooker and
Perry Eyre '•• 12
E. Payson and
1. Parrott Jr. 8
A. P. 'Redding and
H. L.. Coletnan . 11
J. Krutlschnitt and - - .
A. B. For<3... 12
A. H. Payson and
Sam Knight 10
53 1 53 108. | 102
CO 57 117 105
53 Cl 114 100
65 50 ,124 113
61 65 1S6 114
C3 70 13.1 I 123
' IBabbi ¦ Myers ! to .Give a Lecture.
vi Rabbi ' Myers will deliver.' a lec
.tureLthis afternoon:at ( 3jp.^m.' under, .the
auspices ' of 'the ] San -Francisco : Councjl ; of
Jewish Women ; hr the: vestry j room 'of the
! Temple ' Emanu-El Son Sutter street." ; The
, speaker, has -prepared ; an " interesting ad
dress -: on : -the: subject,. "The Jewish
-.Women." i '. ¦¦ '¦¦' ' '"* '^-ZB^MMrrmfilmcriilfc fflHSB
: • - • J - . . ¦ ; ; '.,.'„'.""„¦ .? ¦ — — ' - ¦ ¦ • "~,
. ¦ XHAMPAGNE ' " STOLEN.— The • police ¦ were
notified; ycfiterday. morning * that : shortly ; after,
5 o'clock ;Tuesday afternoon two case's of cham
pagne valued at $72 were: stolen from the -front:
of Collins & Wheeland's saloon,' 329 Montgom-
HOW THE INTEBSTATE
GAME WAS IX)ST AND WON
Expert Gives in Detail the Progress
of the Play From KIck-Off
to Finish.
Ty F. J. Muma.
PASADENA, Jan* 1.— Eight thousand
fiesta enthusiasts, after viewing the floral
parade and fighting for a bit of noonday
nourishment, went ;to the Pasadena
Arena this afternoon and witnessed the
Harry and Eugene Campodonica Frac
ture A. Castagnino's Skull for
Alleged Assault.
A. Castagnino, a painter, residing at 527
Bay street, is alleged to have brutally
Bh-saulted Miss Rose Campodonica, a
youns woman 19 years of age, on Tuesday
night. Miss Campodonica's brothers,
Harry and Eugene, heard of the affair
yesterday, and when Castagnino passed in
front of a saloon at Union and Dupont
streets' they attacked him, one using a
billiard cue and possibly fracturing his
skull.
The Campodonicas were arrested by
Sergeant of Police " Christiansen and
charged with assault to commit murder.
They were released from custody a short
time afterward by Police Judge Mogan.
Castagnino was sent to the Emergency.
Hospital, and the result of his injuries
cr.nnot yet be determined.
Caught While : Burying His ; Booty.
: Robert "> Mbran,\ \ alias ; M. ', A. Morrison,
was; arrested early yesterday : morning ¦ by
Police v Officer:: Cavanaugh and ;; charged
with> burglary\ Moran, broke into: a' hard
ware, store at'86 Montgomery- avenue, and
took » six . shovels and , two : pickaxes. \ Cava
naugh V trailed the i-burglar; and' captured
hlmiin' the ; act ; of; burying his booty in: a
small- alley in ¦ the rear of the Commercial
Hotel. ;..-¦. . • - « .¦- "•-'•¦•
BEOTHEHS AVEIJGE WEONG
DONE TO THEIB SISTER
ATHLETES IMPROVE
AT THEIB STUDIES
Stanford's Report Cards for the Fast
Semester Prove Encourag
ing 1 .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. l._
The 6tufiy report cards for the past eem
ester, which have Just been Issued by the
registrar, show a. very marked improve
ment over those issued last year at this
time. As near as can be learned only
twenty men were dropped for deficiencies
in thoir work, and of these only two were
prominent In athletics. Last year at this
time about fifty men were dropped in
cluding the football captain, four varsity
men, the student body treasurer, the
irack manager, the football manager, th*
editor and the manager of the Daily Palo
AHo and several athletes.
• The cause cf this remarkably clean rec
ord is not clear. Probably the short foot
ball prason this year had much to do with
the pood standing of the football men.
The work in every department has been
raiFert to a hls'ier standard than it hiis
ever been in the history of t*»e university.
Death of Miss Mollie Taylor.
One * of the dread Reaper's first de
mands of the new year, as well as one of
the most sorrowful, : was recorded yester
day in the death of Miss Mollle Taylor, a
young: lady formerly of Ukiah. but who
latterly has been residing at the Roanoke
Hotel on Bush street. Miss Taylor re
turned last Wednesday from a temporary
visit to. Ukiah feeling somewhat 111. and
on Thursday she was sent to St. Wini
fred's Hospital, where on Saturday night
she was operated upon for appendicitis
She lingered until yesterday, when she
died.- --
Miss ,Taylor had devoted her life to the
study of the piano and had acquired a
brilliant technique, although she was only
16 years old. She had set a date ln the
latter part of February for her public ap
pearance, ln San Francisco and the ar
rangements for her concert were? well un
der way. Miss Taylor's relatives ln this
city are Mrs. J. M. Baker and Miss Nettle
Taylor.
through' the center for ten : yards. : Shorts
lost one yard on a ¦ cross-tackle buck.
Snow went' through the center for the first
down and ;. repeated.' the play twice for a
yard. Hernstein made four between guard
and/tackle and five around left end. Mich
igan failed on a quarter-back kick; Stan
ford's-ball. " ' ' V •
Traeger made . three yards . and Mlchl
gan's> left guard was oft side, which gave
Stanford 10 more. ¦, McGilvray failed on a
straight plunge and Fisher was forced to
kick.- Sweeley, of. Michigan, ; returned the
punt and', on ..the next, play Michigan's
right guard was off side again. -. Sloper
tried Shorts for no gain:; McGilvray made
seven. Sloper netted • two yards on two
trials and Traeger failed. in a place kick
from the 40-yard - line.
1 On the next play v Clark was hurt and
Preston went in at left end. .Sweeley
kicked 45 yards .and McGilvray was
downed in • his : tracks. • McGilvray made
four through center. Fisher failed at end.'
Traeger again failed' In a place kick from
the 40-yard line, being blocked by Shorts.
Fisher, kicked to Weeks. Heston made
twelve yards on a fake kick. Shorts cross
bucked three; more. Shorts went through
the center for three more and Hernstein
made twelve yards around the left end.",' '¦
'Michigan now: worked the; old side: line
fake play for twenty-seven yards • and
brought the .ball to * Stanford's . flve-yard
line. It took three fierce plunges by Snow
and Heston to put the ball over the line.
Shorts kicked the goal. Score : Michigan
6, Stanford O.v Time consumed 23 minutes.
Traeger kicked off -to Sweeley, who re
turned the 'ball > to-, Tarpey. McGilvray
made three In: a center buck and Sloper
made distance s over - Shorts. ¦ McFadden
went through McGregor for one and.Trae
ger through Shorts . for two. . McGilvray
made; five at -, center and Sloper twoiat
tackle. Stanford fumbled and lost the
ball. ' , .,', . :
Michigan; punted ,i thirty-eight , .yards.
Fisher . returned the punt,-, and on ~ Swee
ley's return he sent IV over, the goal line;
On the kick-out: Sweeley ran the ballback
twenty-five -j yards/ Shorts; S made . four
yards . on- a -] cross-buck, and : Roosevelt,
Stanford's I right ! guard, was v forced to > re
tire, Van ; Sickle taking his station.' Shorts
and Heston made six yards. '.Redden: went
around the ! end sfor,t two , more and ; Snow
.went straight 'for^ the same distance. Hes
ton lost'one 'yard at end, but. made, three
on a 'straight plunge at .tackle. Shorts got
four>and;White,was .stopped. '¦ Shorts, got
one more.- r Hernstein failed;, as did Shorts
and Heston.V Stanford's iball on downs.':",,":
v Fisher kicked on -first down '„ to Sweeley.'
'A '•: double ".pass '•- by * Heston ; . and v Redden
netted " two ;; yards. ;'' Sweeley • went . at the
end : for. three/ and ; Shorts added one . more
on'a cross-buck. ;. Snow and ; Heston .failed.
A' quarterback kick gave Stanford -the ball
on < its j failure -to ri go beyond • the : line of
scrimmage. .; Fisher . kicked ( high ,: and re
covered- the .ball' 'and "kicked . again :; to
.Weeks, 1 who -ran »It. back yards. ;
Heston " and^ Shorts s made i six - yards; ; and
a quarterback? kick \ netted "twelve 'yards.
Shorts ¦•; went t straight j f or J four.^ Sweeley,
' and ' shorts ' made one ". each: P Snow " failed. 1
: Shorts >: made '•'., a ' half -yard • and J , failed ¦ on '
the next down, losing the ball to Stanford
''.:'VV\'
Spectators at Pasadena Game Witness the
Most Superb Teamwork Ever Shown on
a Gridiron in the State of California
most spectacular exhibition of football j
over seen in California. Briefly, the Stan- I
ford eleven were outplayed,' outgeneraled,"
outrun, outklcked , and apparently out
of -condition. • The cardinal team-In the
first part of. the first-, half made one
heroic defense of their goal line, thrice
hurling back the ' entire Ann Arbor, team
when it had only a yard to gain, securing
the ball on downs and kicking to mldfleld.
That gallant stand proved the excellence
of . Palo Alto's raw material, and the
thousands of spectators— the rooters • on
the stands, the daintily gowned -women
and well-groomed . men on tallyhos . hid
den in roses— cheered the cardinal with
that riotous abandon, of undergraduates.
Then began the fierce* onslaughts of the
Easterners, who tore great rents in the
cardinal line, scored a touchdown, fol
lowed it up with a field goal, and closed
the first half with another goal, with the
score 17 to 0. It • was * then . evident, ¦ even
to Ho Wing Sin, the secretary of the Chi
nese Consulate in San Francisco, who
came down to see • the ; game, that . this
siege of pigskin .was, destined to be one
sided.
The second half proved . the' fiesta field,
bathed ln warm sunshine and strewn with
flowers, to be a veritable gridiron for
Stanford, upon which their football pres
tige frizzled away. ,
The Ann Arbor-backs, with relentless
fury# dashed against the -Stanford -line,
over it, through it and ground it to pieces.
Michigan could have pushed the cardinal
line into the sea • at Santa Monica. ; The
Stanford backs were not nearl enough to
Michigan's long , punts to catch them
with a pitchfork; It became a ; procession
up and down the field. The timekeepers
were merciful and called the game on ac
count of darkness, with seven minutes re
maining of the . thirty-five minute half.
Forty-nine to nothing! .Why. this: igno
minious defeat! by Michigan? Is Califor
nia lacking . in good material ? ' Decidedly
not. •=: Stanford has the ; raw; product — that
is all. ' .-. Her defenders are splendid . speci
mens of manhood, : gritty,- 1 plucky and
with the do "or die spirit, but, they cannot
play -better; football than Palo , Alto
coaches : can . teach. . i-
The Michigan team played as one man—
a great tireless giant. - Perfect team work
was shown in rapidly executing many
brilliantly' conceived plays. Her 1 , line
bucking was: fierce, her punts', long >¦. and
difficult to handle, her tackling, hard,' 1 low
and sure. , r Every .man was • in - every
scrimmage and every . formation moved
with a rush. . . : ; "; ,
Michigan' won the. toss and selected-the
south goal, with the advantage of a slight
wind." ? At! 2:57., o'clock Snow- of
kicked". to Tarpey of Stanford," who i fum
bled the ball, after-: runnings back; fifteen
yards> Michigan's ball.' 'Shorts made > one
yard on a stiaight ' buck and Snow i added
four: more ¦ on the ; " same* play.' Heston
failed- to, gain. -Assaults on by
Heston, and Snow^ lost; Michigan- the -ball
'on downs. ' :¦.',.-¦ -'.-.- " ' / - -¦ ,\ ' . ¦- .'
Fisher .kicked 35 yard3 - to Sweeley," .who
signaled for a fair catch, ¦ but 1 was -thrown
.by,, Clark, thus causing Stanford to lose
10 yards for interference. <- Shorts plunged
VICTORS GIVE MARVELOUS
EXHIBITION OF FOOTBALL
lieferee White Stops the Bout in the
Third Round to Save Loser From
Unnecessary Punishment.
YOUNG PETER JACKSON
DEFEATS JIMMY HANDLER
WATERBUET, Conn.. Jan. L— Before
2009 people at the boxing exhibition of the
National Athletic Club at Jacques' Audi
torium this afternoon Young Peter Jack
son of Baltimore and California defeated
Jimmy Handler, the Newark welter
weight, in three rounds.
Handler acted like a novice In the first
round. In the second he improved a trifle,
but was clearly outclassed. In the third
round Jackson sent the Newark man to
the platform with a crash. He struggled
to his feet, but Jackson smashed him all
over the ring. A left inside hook to the
3aw sent Handler to the ropes, which
saved him from going down again. He
was groping helplessly around the ring
v.-hen Referee Charley White stopped the
fi^ht.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Jan. 1.— Joe Bernstein
of New York was awarded the decision
over Tommy White of Chicago to-day at
the end of fifteen rounds before the West
Knd Club. The decision, in the opinion
of many, was an injustice to the Chicago
l>oxer. White landed repeatedly with left
jabs throughout the fight.
In the early rounds Bernstein attempted
to rush, but left counters, beautifully
timed, stopped him. In every round White
landed repeatedly with his left on Bern
stein's face. Bernstein would rally near
the end of each round and for about thirty
seconds would rush and rough matters,
doine. however, little or no damage to
White. The men fought at 126 pounds.
TWO MEN OF PROMINENCE IN THE INTERCOLLEGIATE FOOTBALL
WORLD AND A SCENE DURING THE " CONTEST BETWEEN THE
MICHIGAN AND STANFORD ELEVENS. ! . y; ;',_. . ' ', ;
on' her'. one-yard line. Stanford kicked
thirty-one. yards to Sweeley. A trick play
by Michigan' failed.'. Shorts made two and
Snow. Tt our. • Hernstein added five and
Shorts.; annexed two more. Sweeley
dropped back for a place kick from the
20-yard' line and made It. Score— Michigan
11. Stanford 0.
Traeger kicked off to Sweeley, who re
turned^ thirty-seven yards; Stanford fum
bled and Gregory fell on the ball. Sweeley
failed in an attempt at place kick. Fisher
made, a .poor punt.' Redden caught the
ball- and carried it over for a' touchdown.
Shorts ¦ failed at- an easy goal. Score^ —
Michigan 17, ' Stanford 0. ,
:¦ Traeger kicked to Sweeley, who re
turned fifty yards to Sloper. Time called
at end of first' half. Time consumed, one
hour and eight minutes.
At the beginning of the' second half
Traeger kicked off at 4:18 o'clock. Sweeley
returned to Tarpey, who ' fumbled. Michi
gan sent Heston, Snow and White at the
line for two, twelve and four yards, re
spectively.' ( Hernstein ran the end for
nine -yards', .and repeated for rfive more.'
White made a touchdown through McFad
den. - Score— Michigan 22, Stanford 0.
• .• Traeger -• kicked over the line, and on 'a
punt-out McGilvray ran the ball back
seventeen * yards. Stanford tried two
plunges at .Michigan's line without effect,
and Fisher kicked. Sweeley punted forty
five yards;: Stanford's ball. . .
Fisher lost' eight, yards on a try at
tackle. - McFadden kicked thirty-eight
yards. , Sweeley returned nineteen ¦ yards
out of bounds; Stanford's ball.
fumbled, "Weeks recovering. Michigan
punted forty-four yards • to Tarpey, who
fumbled. -Redden caught the ' ball , and
made* a. -touchdown.. Score— Michigan, 28,
¦Stanford O." v
.Traeger kicked off to Sweeley. who re
turned to'the 25-yard line. Sloper bucked
four." yards.' '. McGIlVray . was hurt ln this
play.and Allen went In at left half. Stan
ford failed | to gain and J McFadden kicked
liELIANCE TEAM SHUTS
OUT THE •; MUJZTNOMAHS
in ' Portland 'by a Score
- :¦'< <of 6>to 0.
Wins the Best Game of the , Season
PORTIiAND^ Or.; Jan. 1.— The football
team ; of > the Reliance Athletic Club of
Oakland, Cal.i' defeated the Multnomah
eleven to-day by/a score of 6 to 0. The
game was "one of the best played here this
season..". ; '¦¦.' ' , . .'¦ ; ,
Multnomah outplayed her, opponents In
the first ¦ half. ; In , the . second . half Mult
nomah was ' in the ' act of punting from
behind- her own goal line when Fullback
Sanders fumbled • the ball - and . Alber tson
of I Reliance • fell upon it, 2 thus scoring , a
; touchdown f or , his team. Wilson kicked
an easy'goal.' o;> i v i ' *
- - Vosburg, v the ¦-'-* Reliance .quarterback,'
was the star of the day, his playing being
sensational. Donaldson, who played right
end. for. Reliance, was the best end on the
field, r while , Pratt ¦ met his : match . in J A1 T
bertson, : the California, tackle. * Dolph,
Kerrigan, and McMillan V. were ,the' best
ground ¦¦ gainers .r for ' Multnomah. . - Two
thousand .persons: saw-the .game.'. " ¦ •
PASADENA. Jan. 1.— By the. de
cisive score of 43 to.O the Mich
igan University football team
to-day defeated Stanford Univer-
Michigan's Steady Gains.
sity. The score is quite in pro
portion to the general superiority of
Eastern men at the game of football. It
c'.oes not, however, tell the gtory of Stan
ford's desperate but futile efforts against
defeat. Michigan's superior knowledge
of the game showed in every play. At
kicking, general team work, running,
tackling and bucking the line the Mich
igan men excelled. Perhaps the strong
est feature of their playing, was the phe
nomenal puntlnc: by Sweeley, Michigan's
right end. In every exchange of punts
Stanford lost ground which she ' could
not regain. -
In the first half Stanford showed well
for the first twenty minutes, forcing
Michigan's line for small gains and hold-
Ing her opponents when they went against
her line. Gradually the Michigan boys
forced the ball -down the field for steady
gains through center and around the left
end. By a series of brilliant plays that
never failed to score a gain and by the
most superb team, work ever shown on
a football field in California, Michigan
took the ball to Stanford's three-yard line.
Here the Calif ornians took a determined
stand, and, encouraged by the shouts of
their partisans,, withstood the terrible
battering of their line until they secured
the ball on downs.
Then began a systematic- and deter
mined assault " on Michigan's invulner
able line. Stanford tried every . trick
known to her men to advance, . only to
resort to punting, and the consequence
was loss of ground. Again Mlcnlgan
hammered the line for steady gains:
Clark, Stanford's left end, was disabled
Sn a fierce scrimmage and was replaced
by Preston. Michigan's star fullback,
Snow, scored the first touchdown and
bi«orta kicked goal. Score: Michigan, 6;
Stanford, 0. '' • '
Three times ln the first half Michigan
succeeded in sending a man over the
line, but once she failed to add a goal.
The first half ended with the score:
Michigan, 17; Stanford, 0. •
The second half was an exhibition of
fast football, such as California had
never before witnessed. Michigan went
at her opponents with all the knowledge
of the game and the weight of her play
ers. They .hit Stanford's line in the mld-
Cle and they went around the ends. They
advanced ten, fifteen and twenty ¦ yards
on a play, on fake passes, fake kicks and
every other known football device. In
fact, so fast and fierce was their play
that Stanford was bewildered and knew
not how to stop the encroachment on her
goal.
Once or twice again- the Calif ornians
held the conquerors for . downs, but the
arrested progress of the Ann Arbor: men
was extremely brief. Again and : again
Snow for Michigan went over the line
for touchdowns , and Shorts kicked goal
until forty-nine points had v been scored.
For Michigan the brightest star was
Snow at fullback, though • he scarcely,
eclipsed Sweeley and Bernstein. . Traeger,
for Stanford, played a brilliant game, his
tackling being one of the features. - '
The day was perfect, even for Southern
California, though possibly. a trifle warm
for football. The field upon which ; the
team met was as level as a floor, . but
very dusty. The crowd, the largest that
ever attended an athletic event in South
ern California, numbered about 7000 and
presented all the, animation and. much
more of color, than ' the average football
crowd. HKtMPiHinMM
forty-four yards. Sweeley ran back seven.
Michigan advanced the ball twenty- three
yards by, end runs and: plunges at tackl?
and Snow took the ball over the goal line
on a buck through the center. Shorts
failed at goal.- Score:.. Michigan 33, Stan-
Traeger kicked oft and Sweeley returned
to Sloper. McFadden kicked thirty-five
yards and \ Sweeley returned forty yards
to the 3-yard line. -McFadden kicked
out of bounds. Michigan made twelve
yards on - a double . pass. ¦ Hernstein went
around the end for twenty more and Snow
made seventeen through ¦ the-' center and
a touchdown. Score: Michigan 38, Stan
ford 0. > ' .
* Fisher kicked • twenty-three yards and
Michigan ran back .seven. A fake kick
failed, to gain.' Sweeley punted fifty-two
yards. McFadden punted forty yards and
Sweleey ran back twenty-one yards. A
quarter-back fake lost ground for Michi
gan. Hernstein went around the left end
for fourteen, yards. Cooper was hurt in
this play, and Sef ton was substituted
Shorts and- Heston- made .six yards on
straight plunges. A~ trick play by Michi
gan . brought", the! ball to the 6-yard line
Heston went straight for two yards and
Snow took the ball over. Score: -Michi
gan 44, Stanford 0. .
Traeger ' kicked , off to • Sweeley. who re
turned forty-seven., yards. . McFadden
kicked out of bounds" at .the 30-yard line
Michigan made forty-five. yards on a fake
kick by Heston. '.Hernstein and . Snow
made sixteen. more and Hernstein carried
'the . ball over for . a touchdown, . Shorts
missed goal.' The game was called on ac
count of Final- score: Michi
gan 49, Stanford 0. •
The. officials -were: Referee, -David
Brown; umpire, W. K. Peasley;- linemen
Phil Wilson and C. G. Roe; .timers'
"Jack". Sheehan^andH. K. Crafts. '
Michigan' rushed -the" i ball 603 yards
kicked 881 yards, ran back kicks 153 yards'
first downs 29, penalized 2.
Stanford rushed the ball 67 yards, kick
ed 801 yards; ran back kicks 127 yards, first
downs 12, penalized 1. ; . ..
The line-up of the teams was as follows:
MJchlean. ''' . : - Positions. ." Stanford
Redden ........... Left end ....... Clark.' Preston
White (captain) ... Left tackle. ......... .Traerer
McGugin.........Left guard....... ..Roosevelt
Gregory... .......Center ..'.......;-.. ¦;;.-.. .Le 8
"Wilson.". . : ; . • . . .*. Right guard. . : . . .•.Thompson
Shorts. . . ....... . Right tackle. .... ..McFadden
Sweeley. . ... . .'. i.-Rlght end.*. . . . .: . . -.v: Cooper
Hernstein.....'.., Right half....; Fisher (cant.)
Heston. V. : : . ;: . .-. L«f t half: . r. . . . . . ;. . . .siaker
Snow ..Full . . .McGilvray. Allen
Weeks. ....... . . , Quarterback . . . .: Tarpey
Stanford Struggles
Vainly to.' Score
Against the Visitors
Thomas D. Riordan Is About Beady
to Name Eighteen Members
at Large.
The late convention at B'nal B'rith Hall,
which nominated Asa R. Wells for Mayor
and Arthur G.nsk for District Attorney,
authorized each delegation to select four
members of a county committee. The
power of appointing eighteen committee
men at large was delegated to Thomas £>.
Rlordan. chairman of the convention. Mr.
Riordan will probably. name the eighteen
to-day or to-morrow. The committee of
ninety thus established will soon meet
and organize by the election of a chair
man. It may attempt to direct opera
tions ln the local political field as the
governing body of the Republican party,
but Its initial Influence will be used to
obtain patronage at the City Hall for
commltteemen and their friends. There
are several candidates for the chairman
ship of the "governing body" of the par
ty, and among the aspiring are Thomas
D. Rlordan and A. G. FIsk. •
At the time the convention selected
seventy-two commltteemen and empow
ered the chairman to name the eighteen
at large the Impression existed that the
primary election law would be knocked
out by the Supreme Court and that the
"governing body" of the party would
conduct the business of electing or ap
pointing delegates from San Francisco to
the Republican State Convention. It now
appears tha t the boss politicians, -who
were ready to assail the primary law in
the courts, have changed front. The vot
ers, who want to have a voice in the
election of delegates to nominate State of
ficers, are -well satisfied with the law.
Lawyers • of recognized ability . pronounce
the act constitutional. The bosses, taking
the hint, are no longer threatening to up
set the law.
The County Committee cannot cut much
of a figure in the State campaign unless
the act regulating primary elections is
overthrown by. the Supreme Court, hence
there are indications that this particular
"governing body" will devote Its main
energies to the task of getting jobs.
PLUCKY PLAY
OF NO AVAIL
GRE|T NEW YEAR'S GROWD
: ; ; ; GHEERS ON THE PLAYERS
We^tHer Conditions Are ¦Perfect^ and
Bright Raiment • Gives c a Summer
Coloring to the Thronged :Grandstands
REPUBLICAN COUNTY
COMMITTEE CHAIRMANSHIP
Th« preliminary rounds of the " New
Tear's handicap singles tennis tourna
ment were completed yesterday at' the
California Club's courts. The -four men
left to play on Sunday are R. N. Whit
ney, Will Allen, Drummond MacGavin
and Fred Brown. Whitney and Brown
•were favored by the draw, each getting
a "bye," while- MacGavin and Allen
played ln the preliminary round.
Grant Smith and W. B. Collier were re
tired la the third round. The former was
beaten by Whitney, while Collier met
defeat at the hands of Allen. Both Smith
snd Collier had to give odds of> "half
iorty" ln their first match and thus their
chances of ultimate victory were ruined.
Smith allowed Clyde Beal "half forty,"
end the longest and closest match of the
<lay resulted. The first class man finally
¦won out 6— S, 10— S, 6-3. Collier gave R.
S. Stubbs "half forty" ln his first match
and won 8— €. 6—5. Smith next gave C. G.
Kuehn "thirty," and to the surprise of
everybody won with no difficulty, the
ecore being 6 — 1, 6—2. Merle Johnson and
H. W. Crowell were two other nrst-ciass
men who failed to win prizes. Each went
out ln the early rounds. Johnson gave
Will Allen "fifteen" and lost in straight
eets, 6 — t, 7 — 5. Herbert Schmidt, with
"half thirty," won rather easily from H.
;\v. Crowell, the score being 6— 1, 7— S.
Harry Routh was the only entry from
the Park. In the first tournament he
was placed in the first t iss. Yesterday
Carl Gardner of the second class, beat
him 6—1, 6—3. The following is the sum
mary of the day's play:
Preliminary round — Grant Smith b«at Clyde
Beai with -half forty." 6-8, 10-8, 6-3; C. G.
Kuehn won from Page Collier by default; W.
B. Collier beat R. S. gtubbs with "half forty."
S-6, 6-3; Carl Gardner beat Harry Routh on
even terms, 6-1, 6-3; Will Allen beat James
Code on even terms. 3-6. C-O. 6-4; Merle John
eon beat B. G. Wood with "thirty," 6-2, 6-0:
James MacKenzie won from Ray Cornell by
default; J. D. MacGavln gave Bradley Wal
lace "half forty" and won, 6-2, 0-0; H. W.
Crowell gave Herbert SchmiSt "half thirty"
and lost, 6-1, 7-5; Clarence Kempff save J. G.
Gibson "fifteen" and won. 9-11, 6-1/6-3: Frank
Stringham beat Homer Parker on even terms,
C-3. 6-1.
First round — R. X. 'Whitney gave Dr. Noble
'.'half forty" and won, 6-3, 6-3; Smith gave
Kuehn "thirty" and won. <>-l, 6-2; Collier gave
Oardner "fifteen" and won. 6-2, 6-3; Allen re
oeived "fifteen" from Johnron and won, 6-4,
7-5: MacGavin gave MacKenzie "half thirty"
and won. t>-4. 6-2; Schmidt received "half fif
teen" from Keir.pff and won. 6-2, 4-6, 9-7;
Pirir.grham gave Douglas Grant "thirty" and
won. <)-*, 6-2; Fred Brown gave L. E. Wood
•thirty" and won, «-2. 6-3.
Second round — Whitney pave Smith "halt
fifteen" and won. C-3. 1-6. 6-3; Allen received
¦¦Sft**n" from Collier and won. 2-6, 6-0. 6-4;
KaeGavin gave Schmidt "fifteen and 'four
fixths" and won. 11-9, 6-4: Brown gave String
ham "fifteen" and won, 6-4, 0-7. 6-3.
The semi-finals -wil be played Sunday
when Whitney Trill be opposed to Allen
and MacGavin will play Brown. "Whit
ney will allow his opponent "fifteen and
iour-Eixths,' vrtiile Brown and MacGavin
will meet on even terms.
: Chet Smith played at Santa Clara yes
terday with the cracks of that place. He
and Ramon Somaria were beaten by
J^atjo and Warburton. the score being
6 — 4. 4 — C, C — 4. Smith and Warburton
liayed a tie with Somaria and Fatjo, 6—4,
4 — 6.
A tennis tournament was held yesterday
at Belmont, honors going to : Frank
Mitchell of the California Tennis Club.
Mitchell and Kerlien of Stanford won the
double tournament, and in the singles
play-off for the silver cup Mitchell. won
irom his partner.
Yesterday was a busy day on the Pre
sidio golf links, three competitions being:
held,"- in -which twenty-six contestants
took part. The gross score for the first
two rounds counted for the Liverpool
gold medal, which Is played for an
nually on New Year's day and carries
with it the medal play championship of
the San Francisco Golf Club. This -was
won by "Warren Gregory with a score of
86. The handicap score for the four
rounds was reckoned for the handicap
tournament, for which two prizes were
offered. Warren Grepory and Captain x>.
J. Rumbaugh tied with the net scores of
171. They will play oft the tie to decide
which of the two takes the first prize, the
second going- to the loser. The prizes are
a silver-mounted cut glass spirit bottle
and a berry bowl of similar style. The
last two rounds played counted for the
l^verpool silver meual. which has not
been played for since January 1, 1901>
when It was won by Warren Gregory.
Yesterdays winner was C. R. "Winslow,,
with a score of 92 less &— 84. The full de
tails are saown in the table:
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB.
Contests for gold and sliver medals and
handicap tournament. ' -
THE SA N -gRANCISCO^
MICHIGAN'S TEAM ROUTS THE CARDINAL
TENNIS PLAYERS
ON MANY COURTS
Santa Clara and
Belmont.
Matches in This City,
Four Men Remain in the
Handicap Singles Tour-
nament
GREGORY WINNER
OF GOLF MEDAL
«
Liverpool Silver Medal la
Captured by C. R.
Also Plays a Tie With
Captain Rumbaugh
, in Handicap.
5
COMPETITORS.
2 S? Q
3 1
¦¦* 3 m
If* a
I!
" : a •
a | I
Us
O 5 58
lit
If;
S. "W. Cheyney 53 61 114 58 57 1151229130 19»
G. E. Starr 61 60 121 55 54 109:230 30 200
S. H. Boardman. . 53 50 103 50 53 103 2O« 3O 17B
H. A. Blackman. . 51 47 98 54 52 106 204 16 188
W. E. Lester 45 43 8S 51 52 103 191 16 175
G. B. Cooksey 50 51 101 53 51 104 206 12 193
W. J. Dutton 59 51 110 63 62 125 225 .10 195
R. I. Bentley 88 54 112 . 30 ...
C. R. Winslow. . . 48 51 09 44 48 02 191 16 175
D. J. Rumbaugh.. 46 48 02 45 50 95 187 16 171
"W. Gregory 44142 8« 5OJ47 97 183 121171
P. McG. McBean.. 59 49 108 57 33 110 21S 301189
Leonard Chenery.. 49 44 93 51 511102 195 12 183
Charles Page...... 4S 44 92 44 491 93 185 12 17:»
L. P. Monteagle.. 47 5SllO5l5S|52lll0i2l5 20 105
S. L. Abbot Jr.... 48)45 91|48|44F 92|1S.{ 8 175
L. B. Edwards.... 55I4S 103l51!5t|102!205 30 175
J. R. Stanton 55153 108151 5811091217 34 1S3
B. D. Adamson.... 46144 * 90|..
R. Eddy 58 51 100 .. ..I
T. G. McConkey. . 47 47 94 43 53[ OR 190 12 17S
R. D. GJrvin 55 58 113 .¦VllR3l1lfii229 30 1S*>
E. N. Bee 57|5«J113|. . . 14 9O
C. Chrtstensen 551571112 ... 16 ft*
F. H. Beaver ;. .. «.. 63I53I11A ... 15 101
R. V. Watt I51J54I105 ... 16 89
COMPETITORS.
2 S? Q
3 1
¦¦* 3 m
If* a
I!
" : a •
a | I
Us
O 5 58
lit
If;
S. "W. Cheyney 53 61 114 58 57 1151229130 19»
G. E. Starr 61 60 121 55 54 109:230 30 200
S. H. Boardman. . 53 50 103 50 53 103 2O« 3O 17B
H. A. Blackman. . 51 47 98 54 52 106 204 16 188
W. E. Lester 45 43 8S 51 52 103 191 16 175
G. B. Cooksey 50 51 101 53 51 104 206 12 193
W. J. Dutton 59 51 110 63 62 125 225 .10 195
R. I. Bentley 88 54 112 . 30 ...
C. R. Winslow. . . 48 51 09 44 48 02 191 16 175
D. J. Rumbaugh.. 46 48 02 45 50 95 187 16 171
"W. Gregory 44142 8« 5OJ47 97 183 121171
P. McG. McBean.. 59 49 108 57 33 110 21S 301189
Leonard Chenery.. 49 44 93 51 511102 195 12 183
Charles Page...... 4S 44 92 44 491 93 185 12 17:»
L. P. Monteagle.. 47 5SllO5l5S|52lll0i2l5 20 105
S. L. Abbot Jr.... 48)45 91|48|44F 92|1S.{ 8 175
L. B. Edwards.... 55I4S 103l51!5t|102!205 30 175
J. R. Stanton 55153 108151 5811091217 34 1S3
B. D. Adamson.... 46144 * 90|..
R. Eddy 58 51 100 .. ..I
T. G. McConkey. . 47 47 94 43 53[ OR 190 12 17S
R. D. GJrvin 55 58 113 .¦VllR3l1lfii229 30 1S*>
E. N. Bee 57|5«J113|. . . 14 9O
C. Chrtstensen 551571112 ... 16 ft*
F. H. Beaver ;. .. «.. 63I53I11A ... 15 101
R. V. Watt I51J54I105 ... 16 89
; STOP THE PAIN !
: i**^V '^ teJ ' s you that your
J ¦¦¦"iJn^ s '^i- : kidneys and vital organs
vt^ vV are breaking down.
£ •• . -. When you feel a pain in your back
>- -^TvK^W: y°u had better attend to it These pains
*~ ' ', '• s~4*' l\^iv^ ; are messages telling you of worn-out
y, :^\\i\^' IvyvtHV^'V. nerves,' weak kidneys and weak vitals.
K S~ "™\ |v¥ A fflk You know the cause, and you know
/T I -^sl I \ IS* :W . nat it means, 'so look to it in time.
" L."^^S^J j&\ {' A^ Dr- IcLau S hIin ' s Electric Belt will
'C- .C:TT^v</>g^w -'¦** 'Tilf cure in, ten days. It restores the warm,
* ' . ¦;;/ rv^p> : •}> . ]M healthy life to the nerves and kidneys.
L - r / iv^d '" '-"*li" ' 'tit? Mr. ¦William Bowen," Pokegama. Or., writes
r- V jfc»J IIl'VV O 1) Nov. 10: "The Belt did me good the minute
Z arafjga -P»S-,. —¦f f\ J rut lt on - My bac!t !s better and my kld-
r iteeSva&~~3 n A neys are ln eood shaDe now. I think every
- ¦' -jfflfl / -^-xVi i . Every man who has a pain ; or weak-
'M8BI ¦ ness should .have. one. -It saves doctor -
"'¦','-• ¦'^TOf "¦¦¦¦// I bills and lots'of trouble.
? ' r il j "Call and. test it free, or let me send
- , ' . ' J M . X' you my book describing how Icure."In-
"¦ T\v» M n MaT o-nrviilln 702 MARKET ST.
k^ iir. ill. y. mcLaugniin, ;(Il0ttl^, oa u3 a , s^francisco
K > Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
K NEVER SOLD BY AGENTS ; OR DRUG STORES.At the present time Iowa has -two; members of the
Cabinet, one'of the, dominant members -of-ithe'Senate
and the Speaker , of the* House, and now if she ; oniy
had a candidate (or- the -Presidency she would-be
happy.;':./.';. ; '- / .'..: ¦¦' '' •/ ' .\ : >
* '.'Is 'It; not beautiful : . to; see .-the , moon
shine across i the"',:-: water?" C Inquired .-.- the
romantic'young' ;- woman. 1 */; • ->'"•'¦" ¦
¦^''Well^mlss,". answered ' Colonel \ Still
well,V.'moohshine" is very acceptable' in" an
emergency. , /But I ; don' t , know. 7 as : I \ espe
cially :, care about LtheJ.water.V— Washing
ton] Star.
.According to the estimates of the Comptroller:
Greater New York owns -real estate to the 4 value of
upward of $500,000,000. MosjtVof it, of course, is -;in
the form^of parks, and fortunately the city is rich
enough, to keep it ;¦ that way without becoming land
poor. : :.¦';.' '..;. t '< ' • ' - ¦ :'¦ ' :." . ; , ; '
• The- new Governor v of Alabama -is, a
newspaper man. - This '[ is • pleasing ¦ riew3,
but "; -at", the^same ' tlme ; we • can't help-re
membering that the - late ¦; Mayor of At
lanta was something of a newspaper man,
too.'* .Well;'" anyway, .here's ;wlshlng I him
luckYwith ¦ , hisr latest'assignment.—Cleve
land: Plain Dealer. ; \
: "GENERAL V WOOD— F. ;: E. ¦ K... T City.
General • Leonard*. Wood,*; now; a .brigadier
in the regular army " of the* United States,
was : promoted from'captaln on the medi
cal Staff to his I present position.* He did
not. have"' to "resign in order to accept a
brigadiershlp.'' He" was • born in New
Hampshire -in 1860. W^is assistant surr
geon.i TJ...S.': A.,' lSS6,'-'and ;was .promoted
captain and' surgeon in' 1891.'^ He was re
cently ; promoted - to his "present position.
During the Spanish-American" war. he was
with the 'volunteer forces; ..being "colonel
of , the First .United States .Volunteer. Cav
alry, in May,ilS98.i was advanced to brig
adier general in ¦ July and ; to ' major gen
eral in -December. 'Was honorably dis
charged I In April, 1890. .' He was .awarded
a medal ; of > honor: for : services durlng'the
Apache -'war. In 1886 twhile" with : General
Lawton's 'division.'-
Of all the features ;of -the;, exposition; at Charleston,
no Mother has thus far attracted so much attention as
the -exhibit * of -the industries^ of the -. negroes, and
Charleston-! is f getting z f^.d deal of credit for haying
given the colored : per^viri 'chance tb make such: a
good. show for themselves., ¦ / .
The scientist who has discovered the germ of death
:n a sea urchin and devised: a. means of destroying it
so that the urchin can live forever has .given to the
world a theory which is at once promising and. tan
talizing. Should the thing prove true there may be
a generation of men who will live free from the' bane
ofthe death germ, but it will not be our generation.
We have been a little bit too prcmatur^.
SAVE THE FLAG— G. W. H.^ City. It
was Colonel Mulligan 'who on the battle
field said, "Lay me down and save the
flag." While in command of the Twenty- i
third :.IUlnois\ Infantry ir. at the battle of
.Winchester^ \ July 24, . 1864, he was. while
leading a. charge on the rebel lines, mor
tally -wounded.- A squad' of his'men, see
ing him 'fall,' rushed forward to carry him
eff the field and were taking him toward
the rear when he • saw that the regimen
tal colors, were in danger. .Turning to his
bearers, he said: ."Lay me down and save
the flag." ,'« The men hesitated, so he re
peated Ahet order ; peremptorily,, and was
obeyed. ; Before the men" returned the hero
had ,been borne 'of! by . the enemy /and two
days.after he died. . -• , "
Good as the showing is- it would, be -much better
in the present year Jiad the roads been equipped to
do the business offered them. There have been.com
plaints all over the country of an. inadequate service.
The orange growers of California complain of the
length of- time required to transport fruit : acrpss the
continent! ; while Eastern; people complain of a lack
of transportation, facilities for even short- distances^
If appears that ' Pittsburg . itself, notwithstanding its
FROM a summary recently given out of the
preliminary: report of the statistician of the In
terstate Commerce Commission it appears that.
the last, fiscal year was one of . extraordinary pros
perity for American railways. .Business was brisk
and profits were higii. The solvent companies are,
therefore, in good condition to improve their roads
and increase their equipment for the work of the
coming season. ;, :
'The summary includes returns of railway, compa
nies operating 192,193 miles of line, or nearly; all
; that will be included in the report of the commission
when the final statements are matje. According -to
the figures given the passenger earnings of these' rail-;
'ways were $426,909,219 and the freight earnings $1,
114,740,770. The total gross earnings' were. $1,578,
164,205,'or $8211 per mile 6f ; line.' The gross earn
ings as shown in the final report for 1900 were $i,- ';
487^044,811! As th« operating expenses amounted: to
$1,023,156,281, or. $5323 per mile of line,; the net earn-,
ings of the roads contained in this advance statement
were $555,007,924, or $35,577,218 in"excess' of their
eapnirigs "during the fiscal- year 1900. .: ' . .
RAILROADS AND BUSINESS.
* ¦ . . ¦ ¦ * ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦-.- ¦ --¦ "¦- :
DEED OF ; GIFT— Constant Reader,
Glen Ellen, Cal. . In drawing up a deed
of gift, a husband should set forth In the
document tha^ "the party of the second
part bearing, to him the relation of wife"
and ' further, "that the said party of the
first part for and in consideration of the
love and affection which the said party
of the first part has and bears unto the
said party of the second part, as also fur
the better maintenance, support, protec
tion and livelihood of the said party of the
second part, does "by these presents give
unto the said party of the second part."
Then. follows a description of the gift.
In pressing the claims of the suitors before. the
Spanish Claims Commission it is said there are em
ployed 127 attorneys, while the side of- the Govern
ment is supported by one attorney ¦ with a salary of
$5000 a- year and three assistants at $200 a month, so
there is a belief in Washington that Uncle Sam will
get the. worst of it.
LOCOMOTIVE— Subscriber, Marysville,
Cal. The 'first locomotive built and suc
cessfully operated was that constructed
by George Stephenson, England, 1814. In
1804 Richard Treve.thick, a clever but ec
centric . engineer, invented a steam car
riage which he adapted to drawing cars
on the Merthyr-Tydvil railway. This car
riage could draw only a load of ten ton"?
of. bar iron at the rate of five miles per
hour. The first" American built railroad
engine was constructed for the South
Carolina^, Railroad ; and made its Initial
run November 2, 1830.
;• He later .became ; betteY known to ; the
people 'of California through ; medlum
of " the i Los . Angeles .Tribune, von .the j staff
of which" he ¦• served ; for. '«ome'. time... He
had held several' local '¦ offices' previous to
President Harrison's ¦ election and \ was '. by
him appointed Registrar of .the . Land Of
fice in Los Angeles. After; the expiration
of : .hls - term ' he' : accepted : an appointment
under Governor ; Bud<¥s administration as
clerk in the Lunacy. Commission: ! He "¦ was
'a 'i member of the Grand Army of ,the' Re
public and the Loyal Legion;: being com
mander . In .chief - of ." the latter j organiza
tion at .the . tlmej of Gage's .candidacy; for
the governorshipr and .in recognition , of
his ' services Un\ thai v gentleman's" behalf
was byj him appointed to the ' office ot ad- ;
¦jutarit general- June, 1539, which"omce he
. held until his death. . ¦ ". ' '¦') "; < '
Some time : after the close ofthe war
Captain . Seamans . came to California and
settled t in Los Angeles, where he engaged
In 'various pursuits.': . "
In November following he was made
captain of ' Company G, Forty-first Mas
sachusetts Volunteers, and in December
next after was attached to the staff of
General Grover, commanding a'divlslon'of
the Nineteenth Army ,' Corps. During a
part Vtf. this period Captain Seamans was
provost-marshal of Baton. : Rouge, and
also ' participated in .the battles of Port
Hudson and Bayou La Fcmrche. He again
resigned July 23, 1863, onaccount of physi
cal disability. ;..._. - • ;
-W.,H. Seamans, late adjutant general
of the State ! of ; California, . was born in
the town of Harford, Susquehanna Coun-"
ty,' Pennsylvania, > September 14, 1834.
He was living in • Massachusetts at, the
; outbreak of the Civil War and in Octo
ber, .1861, enlisted in the Thirtieth Regi
ment of ; Volunteers from that State. In
December following he was- made first
lieutenant, his regiment being at the time
a ttached te~ General N."i P. Bank's • com
mand in the Department of the Gulf. In
i the spring of 1862 he>as ordered -to Ship
Island,' on the Louisiana coast, just above
the mouth of the Mississippi, and in Au
gust following resigned on account of ill
health from fevars contracted In the low
lands of that section.
SEAMANS' OBITUARY.
ADMIRAL DEITRICH — Subscriber.
Menlo Park, Cal. There was no trouble
between Admiral Dewey, and Admiral Del
trich at Manila, Bay In 1898. The admiral
of ' the German- navy at that port was
consulted by "the Spanish authorities In
the' matter of having the port placed in
charge of a neutral admiral. ' Admiral
Dewey heard of this and politely told the
German admiral to keep hands off, and he
did. That was all the trouble there was.
BOERS IN SOUTH AFRICA— J. V.,
City. The Djitch or Boers settled in
South Africa in 1595, but did not remain
there long. The first Dutch settlement
was at Cape Colony in 1652. In 1834 they
became dissatisfied with the British rule
and treked to the Transvaal. The pres
ent Boer war commenced October 11, 1899.
A DATE IN NOVEMBER— S. D. G.,
Oat ..Hill, CaL ' In the mingling of two
dates an erroneous answer was given re
cently as to a date in November, 1882. The.
second Friday in that -month fell on the
10th of the month.
. "Any of you men want . to put your
names down as railway porters, drivers,
stokers or for any other appointment con
nected with the railway?"
The silence was" broken only by snored.
Then ', one Tommy slowly raised his head
and drowsily muttered:
1 "Put me "down as a sleeper."— London
Spare. Moments. . •.*."
Just after the fall of Bloomfonteln sol
diers were called upon,, owing to the scar
city of civilians, to work the railway.-. Tha
weary men were lying in camp one night •
after a hard day's work when a sergeant
called out:
There is a couple of very fresh con
ductors on. the West Twenty- third avenue*
line, both of whom enjoy commenting
upon people's clothes. A gentleman liv
ing, in that part. of town appeared In a
white necktie last Sunday and the fresh
conductor remarked:
"Where did you preach' to-day?"
Not showing that he was at all offend
ed, the* gentleman replied:
"I held forth before the finest collection
of impertinent, degenerate' idiots : that
ever escaped a lunatic asylum and I sadly
missed your face."— Washington Star
The teacher was compelled to : Join tn
the audible smile, and hardly knows yet
whether the boy's answer was right.—
Syracuse Herald.
In the high school one day last week a
teacher desired to refresh a boy's mem
ory and help him to answer a question.
Acting on the supposition that a "mental
review would lead him to a correct con
clusion, she said:
"Now, go away back—"
Unconsciously from the entire class
there came a responsive murmur:
• "And sit down."
As the magazine editor walked toward
home at 3 a. m. willing hands seized him
from behind and dragged him upstairs
Into a garret room. The budding young
authors bound and gagged him, and ona
after another read him ths MSS. he had
sent back unopened. '
' The editor tried to break his thongs,
but finding this Impossible he prayed for
mercy. It was a hot night In July, but
one spring poem after another smote upon
his ears until he fainted sheer away.
When consciousness returned he found
himself on hl3 own doorstep. There was
a placard pinned on bis coat bearing these
words, "Returned with regret."— Ohio
State Journal.
"Not yet, and I hope they'll keep it.
Then they'll be careful about using it
early In the morning or at any hour when
it would attract my attention unduly."—
Washington Star.
"Have they returned it?"
He (on his knees) — Darling; I love you
with all my heart, with all my soul, with
all the strength of my being.
She— Are'you in earnest, Clarence?
He (reproachfully)— In earnest ! Say, do
you think I'm bagging my trousers this
way for fun?— Detroit Journal.
i >
"How do you like your fiew neighbors?"
"First rate. The first thing they did
was to borrow our lawn mower."
SOLO— A. O. S.. City. In the game of
solo though the first man may "frog" he
is still permitted to play the best solo
that is, a hear^solo. -
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
J. C. Moyk of Colus^ is at the Grand.
Senator B. F. Sanford of Stockton Is at
the Lick. ¦
Jchn Goettmann of Pittsburg, Pa., is at ;
the Palace.
D. B. Fairbanks, a banker of Petaluma,
is. at the Lick. f|g&j§
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Uklah, is
at the Grand. '
C. Bradley, a capitalist of New York,
is at the Palace.
Joseph D. Blddle, an oil man of Han
ford, is at the Grand. .,
*¦ Hugh I. Wilson, a hotel man of Butte,
Mont., is at the Palace.
J. C.Kemp Van Ee, a well known min
ing man, Is at the Palace.
V Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyserville is at the Lick.
Louis T. Wright, a mine superintendent
of«Keswick, is at. the Palace.
W. H. Buster, an extensive fruit grower
of Colusa, is at the Occidental. '
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Such a report is "important if true." Telegraph
companies no -longer have a monopoly. The long
distance telephone* is already competing with them
and wireless telegraphy is impending. It is quite
probable, therefore, that a plan is under way to en
able the astute managers of the telegraphs to sell ouC
The reports concerning it are as yet, nothing, more
than rumors, but. the bills now before Congress for
the purchase of the. telegraphs will bear watching.
Upon that showing the Springfield Republican
connects Postmaster General Payne with the scheme
by saying: '"Mr. Payne is commonly regarded as a
corporation man through and through and yet it is
understood at Washington, says a report from tha"t
city, that he favors Government ownership of tele-,
graphs, that the administration's purpose is to carry
out the project, that Payne has. an ambition to. do
so, and that all the Democratic members of Congress
and many Republican members will favor it."
consideration for some months. Prominent people
arc interested and while no predictions are made as
to the outcome the subject is certain to come before
Congress.", . . . • -
Several bills have been already introduced into
Congress providing for the purchase by the Govern-'
ment of the telegraph systems of the country and
their operation in connection with the postal service.
Had only one bill to that effect been presented, per
haps little attention would have been paid to it, but
the introduction of 1 number of such measures has
aroused suspicion that there is something big be
hind^it, and accordingly, the theorists who have been
searching for an explanation of the appointment of
Mr. Payne have jumped to the conclusion that he is
backing the proposition. /
. The plan of combining the telegraph system with
the postal system is not new. It has been under dis
cussion a long time, has bepn supported by a con-,
siderable class of people and was recommended by
Mr. Wanamaker when holding the office of Post
master General. This time, however, it comes in a
new form. It is asserted that the owners of. the tele
graph systems of the country wish to sell out to the
Government and a recent advance in Western Union
in Wall street was attributed by a New York paper
to a report from Washington of a. plan for the pur
chase of Western Union and Postal Tclegraph^stock
_by the issue of 2 per cent Government bonds. It
was. added: "A plan of this kind has. been" under
First it was asserted with much emphasis that the,
Appointment meant the beginning of an active cam
paign on the part of the President to procure a rc
nominatiou. That theory grew out of the fact that
Mr. Payne is an active and experienced campaigner
and political manager as well as a good business
man. As it is well known, however, that the renom
ination of the President is as well assured as any
human event can be, the theory did not find much
favor. Other theories that followed immediately
after the appointment were not much better. Now,
however, comes one that has the merit of advancing
a notable scheme for the establishment of a postal
telegraph system, and, accordingly, whether true or
r.ot, it is interesting.
EVER since the announcement was made of the
appointment of Henry C. Payne to the posi
tion of Postmaster General there has been a
keen effort on the part of the Eastern public to dis
cover the "significance" of it. A good many people
seem unwilling to beiieve that the. President aimed
at no more than getting a competent man to take
charge of the postal affairs of the country and w-ork
in harmony with the administration. They are con
vinced that there was an ulterior motive for the. ap
pointment and. many are the theories advanced to
explain it.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH REPORTS.
r ¦ V HE ¦ officials connected ' with the underground rapid
1 I ":' transit, road in New York, wKo recently returned from
I /-Europe, after, an inspection of the underground roads of
,'*-;'¦¦¦ the Old World, reported that Germany was one of the
.most progressive countries visited, and that conditions
more nearly akin to Yankee skill and inventiveness in matters
electrical obtained in Berlin than anywhere else.
By Siemens & Halske, the well known electricians, has re
cently been constructed an electric ' locomotive which mechan
ical experts say. will revolutionize the existing methods of loco
motion. The Germans under the order of Emperor William
Recently made several .trial trips with this invention, and these
tests proved in : every way satisfactory. The "War Minister
has placed at the disposal of the experimenting company the
military line between Berlin and Zossen, and the cars have
on occasion sped ovjr this route^ at the rate of 123 miles an
hour. r . \
* These "flyers" take the electrical current from three wires.
The electrical engine is a queer-looking affair, being heavy at
the base, with two boxlike arrangements for the machinery
extending back and front of the glass-inclosed C ab, which
projects upward about four feet. Across the top of this cab
• extend the three sliding contacts, fastened on an iron girder,
which is regulated by a rope somewhat on the same plan as
a trolley pole, except that these contacts are raised or lowered
from the front Instead of from the rear of the car.. The loco
motives carry their . own • motors, not only one, . but four of
them, all heavily charged and all in use at the one time.
The line between Berlin and Zossen extends through ah
open country. There is little or no traffic over this route, and
I the cars can speed along unimpeded by wagons, street cross-
Ings or pedestrians. If the invention is adopted by the trac
tion and railroad companies of Germany most of the lines will
have to be altered; their present course through the business
section will have to be done away with and the lines run along
the outskirts of the town. Cross tracks will be avoided as
much as possible, and where it is necessary to rurf^througn,
built-up localities elevated roads will be used.
PERSONAL": MENTION.
.ELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVE' USED TO DRAW TROLLEY CARS BETWEEN BERLIN AND ZOSSKN THAT HAS AT
'-¦TAINED.-A SPEED EXCEEDING 100 MILES AN HOUR. MECHANICAL EXPERTS SAT THIS LOCOMOTIVE
' WILL REVOLUTIONIZE EXISTING METHODS OF RAPID TRANSPORTATION.
relied on.
effective ¦ system of fog signals by means of sound.
While it did not make any experiments with other
methods of signaling, the committee refers to the
possibility of employing electric signaling, and 'de
clares that if such a method could be made practical
it would afford a : great^ advantage ".by ¦.¦reason of- its'
freedom from variability, and ( its independence of at
mospheric conditions. In conclusion, the report says
that! sound signals ' in fogs must be regarded as only
auxiliaries to navigation which' cannot be at all times
Another remarkable phenomenon noted during the
trials was the length and strength of the echoes from,
seaward, breaking in upon -the sounds from • the sta-.
tion^and- sometimes lasting much longer than the
original sounds. The echoes were mostly noted from
land stations and at a , comparatively . little ¦ distance
from the instruments, but they were also heardat
times from-the- vessel; engaged in the experiments.
They, were heard only when the sea was calm and
the air ¦ tranquil, 'and* were attributed ; to "the reflec
tion of sound-waves from invisible acoustic clouds,"
formed by air currents differently heated or differ
ently saturated with vapor. ¦ The echoes of course
may' possibly; at; times be mistaken for the :. signals
themselves: and are. therefore another source of dan
ger, in any system of signaling by sound.
;. Such. are some of the obstacles in the way of an
The phenomenon' was noted only in calm weather
with a still sea. The scientist to whom the subject
was referred attributed the occurrence to the sound
waves striking the smooth surface of the near water,
and, being . reflected upward, the reflected waves in
terfering for 'a. certain distance with. the direct waves
emanating from the', sound producer. The commit-,
.tee points out /that this liability of interruption of
sound at short distances should be carefully impressed
upon seamen, s*o that their failure to hear fog signals
may not lead them to believe they are , far from
points of "danger. .
able distance farther.
Among the curicus phenomena experienced' during,
the 'tests was the existence of a. soundless zone be
tween areas, where sounds were clearly heard.' Up to
the distance of a mile sounds would be clearly . dis
tinguished, then they would sink to extreme faint
ness and become almost inaudible, but . at a farther
distance would increase, in force, and at about three
miles the sounds would be recovered and froni that
point would be carried h\ full hearing for a consider-.
D: URINGthe past summer the British Govern
ment carried out an extensive series of , ex
periments for the purpose of discovering the.
best means of signaling through fogs. It appears,
the trials were made wholly. with signals by sound,';
as no other means yet k known is anything like so ef
fective for the purpose as sound ; waves produced by.
proper apparatus. The conclusions /, do not assure
any adequate meansof signaling through thick' fogs,
but the experiments brought : to light a good many
curious phenomena which will' b'eV found f interesting
not only by seamen .but by the. general public as
weii.. -'¦^:'/; ' : ; '¦ .;'';; '. ?x \V.
One of the main, objects of thV experiments- was to
determine the relative efficiency^ and , carrying' power
of tones of aNhigh or ..a -low ' : pitch, and to "ascertain,
the air pressure at.whichthe siren yields the best re
sults. It is stated that under favorable conditions a
new form of disk siren giving a. very low tone, ninety
eight vibrations'- to the. second, outdistanced every
other instrument tested.. The sound carried as a
"good sound" for a distance of something more than
twenty miles and could be heard farther by persons
giving close attention. Instruments having a sound
of higher pitch were heard at a less distance, some
of them not more than ten miles. It was noted,
however, that when, the weather ;:';\yas rough and
stormy the high tones carried : farther than the . low
t6nes, and the report of the committee says! "For
calm weather a low pitched note is more suitable than
a high pitched one, but when the wind is opposed to
the course of the sound waves, or the sea is rough
and "noisy,- a", high pitched . note penetrates farther
than a low pitched; one."- ; , ;¦-...•' .....
FOG SIGNAL : TESTS.
THURSDAY. ... ...JANUARY 2, 1902^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Pro P rieto^___
Utnn All C»micctSrtUeai to W/S. LEAKS. " Jfftnpr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . Telephone Pre«» 204
rCBIJCATIOJf OFFICE. ..JInrkft and Third," S V F.
Telephone Pro** 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... SI 7 :o 221 Sterendon St.
Telephone Pre** 202. '
Delivered liy Curriers. 1.1 Cent" Per Week. !
Stnsle Copies. !J C«nt*. ,.
Trrnm br Moll. InelnJfnpr ro«<«(t<-!
I>A1LT CALL. Onelnaini: Sunday), one year ..„.../..$«.«
DAILT CALXi (including Suiday). « i mths ...'.'.... *.M
PAILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1-50
T^AILT CALL-By Single Month .: --••. «c-
FtTNDAT CALU One Tear..., :.... 1.50
WEEKLY CALU One Ttr »• ....... 1.00
All postmaster* nrr nntl»«r!rea, to receive -
«nln«erlptlon«. ¦ f ¦ •
Sample copies Will he .or»rard>d when requested.
Mafl subscriber* In crfnii e chanee of addrem should be ,
particular to elve both SEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to lnrur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broad vr*T
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Impi Ttnlgn AdTtrtli I»f. K*rq«ett» Beildint;. Chletja.
CUaat Distance TeleDbone "Central Ml*.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOJr Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEIT B. SMITH 3O Trllmne ButldlnK
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artcrt* HottI; A. BrcnUno, 31 Union Square:
Mnrray Hill HoteL ; ..~' .'•-
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Honse: P. O. News Cc: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hoom; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE/ . . .1400 G St.. N. -W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
ontil t Jo o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C23
McAllister, opra until 9:M o'clock. 615 Lai-kin, open until
t:38 o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. S61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until i o'clock. 1096 Valencia. open
w»tu I o'clock. 106 Eleventh. . open until J o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
UN FUJmor*. open until » y. m.
more for scholarship than for money.
While the* American people have been congratula
ting themselves on the : munificent offer Jof Carnegie .
to: found an institution for post-graduate study at
Washington Dr. von Stradonitz of the University;,
of r Berlin sounds a~ note of; warning. that
while too much learning may not be dangerous it is
certainly unprofitable' and cites fact that "Ger-j '
many • is burdened with an unproductive - class who
look with scorn on those whose,. education has been
merely in the art of bread-winning." - The warning
is worth noting, -but all the same it need not alarm -
anybody. It .will be a- long; time Vyet .before -the
United States is overburdened: with men who care
Those statements made by Major Owen in a paper
read before the Cincinnati Medical Academy and re
printed from, the Journal of the American Medical
Association of October 26, 1901, show,*what sort of
water has been used in the public water supply of
the city. Can any further argument be required to
prove the need of undertaking the first steps toward
getting a better supply? ' . ~- ._
Continuing "his review of the subject Major Owens
went on to say: "I believe the analysis of Price. &
Son was correct when made; that the differences
which" exist between us are due to changes which
have taken place from the increased number of bod
ies in the watershed, from the increase of population
within the watershed; that with these two causes the
sand is more soiled and therefore no longer filters
bo well as formerly. It is a well-known fact that
when sand is well aerated and not overloaded it
will filter out from 98 to 99.5 per cent of all germinal
matter present." Then he adds: "Point Lobos
Creek is the natural drainage channel of this water
shed. I was informed in the office of the Spring
Valley Water Company that it had been formerly in
use as a water supply for the city of San Francisco,
but that it had been abandoned for such use as it
was too polluted."
WHEN it was first proposed that [ground
should be . purchased for the purpose of
establishing a large park in San Francisco
many . citizens ': opposed it. ' They argued that 'there
was no. immediate need of -a' park, that the city would
never require so large a -park as^that proposed, and
that if- we were ever to have a park at all it w6uld : be
better, to wait until, the need became .urgent. Had
that counsel been < followed San Francisco, instead of
now enjoying one, of the finest parks in the world
would be debating how to get one. There would
Hlso be a debate how to pay for it. What would it
tost San Francisco to-day to purchase the ground
now occupied by Golden Gate Park? ' /-.
The story of; the P«rk is pertinent to the water
question.. There are people who object to concern
ing themselves with the issue of a better and. more"
abundant water supply, because, as they say, the need .
is' not urgent, that the present supply will be... suffi
cient for a long time in the future, that it would be
better to", wait until the need becomes urgent before we
act. In short, they say about the water problem just
what similar-minded citizens said about the original
park proposition, and it is 'therefore important to
remind the public that every year of waiting will in- :
crease the eventual cost of the supply that will be
ultimately needed. ' It is the; park ; problem over
again. A- water • supply from the mountains could
be provided now. for much less than it will be, possi
ble to obtain it ten 5r twenty years from now.
That th; present Sources of supply are hardly ade
quate for present needs is proven by the fact that the
water company made use of Point Lobos Creek as
a source of supply until forced to desist by the .city
authorities. : The unfitness of that. water for human
use has been set forth in a pamphlet by Major W.
O. Owens, M. D., on "Preventable Diseasef in the
Army of the United States— Case, Effect and Rem
edy."- In describing conditions of water supply at
various camps Major Owens says:
"Take the report of Lieutenant Colonel A.S;*Kim
ball, Quartermaster's Department, on the water sup
ply of the Presidio, California. (See Report Sur
geon General of the United States Army to the. Sec
retary of War, 1896, pp. 137-38.) His report shows
a water of undoubted high quality. He has based his
report on the analysis made by Thomas Price, &
Son. It is evident that these chemists were not in
formed as to the character of the watershed from
which this water is obtained. Mountain Lake, from,
borings around which this water is obtained, has a
watershed of, two and one-half to three square miles;
it is composed of seashore sand resting on a bed of
rock. In this watershed are three of the largest
cemeteries of the city of San Francisco. A very large
part of this watershed is a closely built city with
sewered streets, which sewers have ' uncemented
brick bottoms. There are many animals stabled in
it; all of the fecal mntttr of these animals and of this
population is stored in this watershed; all of. the
products of the decomposition of the bodies buried
in these three graveyards drain into -.it; all of the ex
crement and kitchen waste of old Cam? Merritt were
buried in it. (There were some 18,000 men camped
in this camp.) So long as the sand retains" its ability
to filter properly the water will be safe. When it be-"
comes saturated with filth the 'health of the soldier
at the Presidio will suffer. The water level of this
,lake has b6en * lowered some twenty feet since the
pumps have been at work. The officers' of .the Ma
rine Hospital Service tell me they are afraid to use
this lake water without first subjecting if to sixty
pounds of steam. I made a careful chemical anal
ysis of this water in 1899 and a careful personal in
spection of this watershed; it was self-evident 'there
must be contamination from animal sources." :
OUR WATER SUPPLY,
GERMAN TROLLEY CARS RUN MORE
THAN ONE HUNDRED MILES AN HOUR
comparative nearness toj the, seaboard and the close
relations between its capitalists 'and the. .railroad
managers," lias been unable toVget transportation for.
its' output. It } is ' stated that .the -output .of .; heavy
freight" from the Pittsburg region has .increased froni
40,000,000 tons annually to ; 66,000,000 tons ; in 1900;
with i ah 7 estimated total of ¦ 73,250,006 tons in iooi-
The : roads have \ not been able to handle the ' enor- .
m'ous increase and" there are 1 complaints of scarcity
of cars, -deficiency, of motive power and. lack of ade*
quate terminal facilities. "
The injury done" "by a lack of transportation is, of;
course,- more acutely felt in some localities than* in
others/ but hardly. any portion of the country^ has;
escaped it. The industry ofthe people has expanded *
and the railway' managers have been too r slow. , to
keep -up'- with it. At present they.; are. doing the best ;
they can. ; A single company is; reported to have al-^
ready' ordered '; 20,000 additional freight cars, .with . a «
corresponding number of : locomotives, and that; is
but an iliustration'of what other roadsare doing. In "
fact -we- have, reached a new era -of railway develop- : :
nient and this time it_ will not be a speculative boom,
but ; a growth required to meet , the ' demands of : indus
try and traded 2_^VrO,. ; ' -* ' ¦
THE • JAN-'-FB AK^I SCO'^C^jJL,--; '. .THUBSbiVYv:;;: JA N'U-ABY.; ;.2; ¦ ;i9()2.
6
,Gulllet's New Year's extra mince pies. tc«
cream and cake. , 803 Lnurltfa; paone East X9&. ¦
The Mlc-Mac Indians of North America
have an instrument known as the moose ,
call. It is a birch-bark horn, and when
blown* by an expert gives a fairly good
imitation : of the bellowing of a moose
Special 'information supplied dally to
business houses and . public men ty Ux»
I»re3s Clipping Pureau (Allen's). 510 Alont«.
gomery street. Tole^fcone Main 1042. ;-
Look out for 81 4th st (front of barber &
grocer); finest eyeglasses, specs. 20 to 40c»
Ex. strong hoarhour.d candy. Townsend'a*
Cal. Glace Fruit 30c per ib at Townsend'a. *
Choice randies. Towns-end's. Palace Hotel.*
AmTJSEKLENTS.
California— "BlacK PatUTroubadors."
TitcII— "LltUe Red Kic'.n* Hood."
Central — "The Two Sisters."
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia— "Janice Meredith."
Orrbeum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— -'A Lady of Quality. •
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Cectral Park— Vasco Ball Game. . ,~
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day^ : ¦''-"' '<Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY. , JANUARY 2.
The adjudicators were . Professor R. ¦¦ R.
Lloyd;-. R. "Jones. Rev. J. -S.* Thomas.-Ta
liesin' Evans, W. S." Jones,- H. J. Owen,
Ialydd' Hughes; Samuel Lewis, Robert
Davles.vJ,; L. Williams. ¦; Mrs. Grace -V:
Ohnlmus and JV! J." Morris; ' '.The .festival
closed' in the evening . with' a' choice,musi
cal - programme/-£^>^-vi>\ :.; .. : . '
The various "Welsh societies of this city
and v Gakland^held ", their ' annual : literary
and'muslcal-i festival 'at Knights' of Red
Branch Hall Ton Mission street yesterday
afternoon f and' evening. ¦. The affair; proved
to be a .delightful event to '. the" hundreds
who participated. : ; j , .7
The literary exercises were held In the
afternoon. 'r-- Many essays On biblical an<l
other, subjects were read" in Competition
for prizes/which consisted ¦¦' mainly cf
books. ¦ The prize for. the^ best essay, on
tho-subject4 "The Israelites During the
Reign of Solomon," : was , awarded to Rob
ert ¦¦ Davis. ;For giving the best answers
to biblical questions O. Prycherch was
given' a prize, as was also Florence :Dafrs. k
Ar A. :Ionawr submitted -the 'best poem on.
the subject of "The New. Welsh Church."
and'R.ijr Hughes captured the honors »it
the : spelling; bee.;; Little Albert .Morgan
was given, the first prize for. the best reci
tation by a child.' •:. ¦¦: ¦ -.'
Programme Is Rendered and
Frizes Are* Awarded.
Interesting Literary v and Musical
WELSH SOCIETIES HOLD
THEIB .ANNUAL FESTIVAL
Time Sail.
Branch -Hydrographio Office, V. S. N. Mer
¦ : chants 4 - Exchange, ' San Francisco, • CaL,
January 1, 1902.- '
¦The Time -Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building' was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. ¦'«.-; 'at noon > of 'the 120th meridian, or at S
p.' m,; Greenwich mean time. / . ¦¦'•'.•
¦ ¦ • Vf. H. STANDLEY,
Lfeut«>nfint TJ. R. Navy; in Charge.
NOTK — In the above exposition ot the V tides
the early uiorning tides are 'given In the left
hand column ana the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth tLiae column gives, the last > tide of the
day, except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey v Charts except when a mlntis ( — )
eign precedes the height,' and then th« number
given Is subtracted from tlje depth given by th«
charts. | The plane of /reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. ¦ •¦: r v ' •
.-.•Wednesday, January 1.
Stmr Meteor, Jcnaen, for Redondo. _
fcjtmr Despatch, Johnson," for Seattle;
Stmr Washtenaw,' Parker, for Tacoma. ' ¦
- Stmr .¦ State of , California, Thomas, • for San
Die™o. ' ¦
- Stmr : Walla Walla, - Hall, ¦ for Victoria and
Port Townsend. ' - ; 'V-. ' -
;U S stmr Sheridan, Pierce,: for Manila."
Ger stmr Herodot, Langkopf,- for Vancouver.-
Br.Bhlp Bracadale, Youlden, for Queenstown.
,Br KhlD.Carnedd Llewellyn, . Humphreys for
Queenstown. < .. .;:- ' ... . / . .,
. Schr Bella, Johnson, for Siuelaw. - ¦ ' , ;
Schr Mary C,~ Campbell,*. for Bodega. \
Schr, Wemne i Bros, Aspe, for Ballard. -
Schr Challencer, ' Anderson, ¦ for Seattle.',-'':
. ' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan • 1, 10 p m — Weather
thick;- wind calm. - ' -
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO-^Arrived'Jan 1— Stmr Aberdeen,
and sailed for-, San :; Francisco; . etmr \Alcazar
for Greenwood. '-¦ ,' . ¦ ¦ '
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 30— Schr R C
Slade, for San Pedro. " . '• ,.
L Arrived • Jan 1 — Stmr Sequoia, hence Dec/ 28
ASTORIA — Arrived Ja:i 1 — Br stmr Palatina
from Manila; Ger bark Selene., from Guaymas
Sailed Jan 1— Stmr Nome City, for San Fran.
Cisco; Nor/ bark Olivia, " for ¦ Queenstown ; . Ger
bark. Schiller,- for CJueenstown. . ! ; , . -
• ¦ SEATTLE-— Sailed Jan 1 — Stmr Cottajce City
for Sltka. *• • , ,-. ....... .., ., ° v
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed i In Jan - 1 Jap
stmr Kaga Maru,- from Hongkong.;-. ; ..." -. •-;•¦
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 1— Schr MabelGray,'
from Ban -Dl ego; .schr Occidental,": from -San
Pedro; schr Eureka, hence Dec 24; s«hr Emma
Claudina, ;-f rom ; San Pedro; . schr Laura ; Pike,
hence:Dec 17. . -:. " v
Sailed; Jan 1— Stmr Eureka, . for 8an Fran
cisco. •• -i — •¦¦ -¦-"' ¦¦--. -¦* ' -.- - ¦¦¦ . - , \
BANDON — Arrived Jan 1— Stmr Argo, hence
Dec. 30. '.* .'¦'¦•'=¦' . ¦ ;; , '
-TACOMA— Sailed Jan 1— Br- stmr Falls of
Keltie.. for fit Vincent; schr William F GarmV
for < Melbourne. . - "
PORTLAND, \ Or— Arrived : • Jan . 1 — Stmr G
W Elder, • from * Ban Francisco. -. -.
, • FOREIGN. PORTS.
SYDNET-'-Arrived >D22 31— Stmr > Sierra,
hence -Dec (<. ' " ;- ' . -^ ; .-*V :•'-. .rj ¦ .-'¦ v ':
YOKOHAMA— Arrived A Dec: 31— Br stmr
Glenshiel, • from Tacoma.. . 4 -. . • • '- ¦-.. ¦•
f; Sailed' Dec i27 — Br^stmr.iEmaress of "Japan,*
for Vancouver. .. '-i
SHANGHAI— SfUled " Dec 27— Br ; «tmr Glan
farp. • from Tacoma,-. for; London. ;.
ST '¦}. VINCENT— Sailed : Dec ¦ 27— Er stmr
Glenlogan,; from , Tacoma, ; for 1 Hull.
¦ ? Arrived t previous to L Dec : 31— Br ¦. stmr , Cycle,
hence: Oct. 22,7 f or s London.* ' . ,.
V4 HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 26— Br. stmr Glen
roy ;. from ' Tacoma, v for ' London. .-: 1 •."¦¦-.. ,-. .. : •
COLOMBO— Sailed; Dec 2S--Br stmr^Moyune,
from : Seattle,' ¦ for. London." /? :
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan I— Tug Pilot, from
Juneaur-" ' ¦¦ ¦.'...¦..•' ¦-•.-¦ : '"•'•';..;•.-.vr
¦¦¦S~.:c .-J-X^-J OCEANJ. STKAMERS. .... ..
NEW '. YORK-— Sailed "Jan , l-^Stmr, r St Paul '
SAILED.
¦ Wednesday, January 1. ,
- Stmr Luella, Madsen,'. 17 hours from Caspar
t Stmr Scotia, Walvig, 11 hours' from Bowena
Lianain^.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 41 hours from Port
Los Arceles.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, ' 14 hours from Fort
Bragg. ¦ . .-¦•,,
Stmr Del .Norte. Green, 30 hours from San
Pedro. -¦ /¦ : ¦. - - ¦ ¦_ j . -.. . i
• Stmr . Chas : Nelson,' Schaue, 27 hours ¦ from
Eureka, : bound to Redondo, put in to land pas
sengers, r '¦ . - : - ~ - • . \,
Aus stmr Maria, Hrlglich, 4 days from Na
naimo. ¦ ¦••-¦.» . ' .
£!chr Newark, Crangle, 15 hours from Rough
arid Ready.- ...
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- Dennis Doyle, a racetrack man, .and
Thomas Conroy disputed in Sullivan &
Douglass' saloon, 112 Ellis -street, about
10 o'clock yesterday morning and, a fight
followed. Doyle was cut three times on
the face and nose 'and had to be taken' to
the Emergency Hospital. Conroy was ar
rested and locked up in the tanks. Doyle
when asked by Detective Crockett who
cut him said he did not know and pos
itively refused to give any information.
Slashed on the Face.
A crazy man, named Valentine Salarskl,
jumped overboard from the river steamer
Captain Weber yesterday afternoon, ¦ but
was rescued and taken, to the Harbor
Hospital, where he was speedily resusi
tated. He says he made his escape. from
the City and County Hospital because
the nurses insisted upon giving him mor
phine. After leaving the hospital he made
his way ! to the water front and walking
aboard the Captain Weber Jumped into
the bay. One of Tucker's launch boat
men went to the rescue, but Before he
co- I reach the drowning man Hiram T.
Bradley, a mechanical engineer living in
Alameda, jumped overboard and : held him
up: until. the. launch came to their assist
ance. Salarski was sent back to the City
and County Hospital. ".
The steamer Meteor from Eureka for
Redondo with a cargo of lumber put " in
here yesterday short of coal. She had
her bunkers lilled at -Rosenf eld's chutes
and at once went to sea again.
• "Phil" Cohen, .the best known man' on
the water front,- has been, very ill,
but is now considered out . of danger.
There is probably not a shipping man or
a shipping master on the coast but knows
"Phil,", and every one of them will be glad
to hear that he has begun: to improve,
while all of them will be sorry to hear of
nis illness. •',;--•-. y;: :, -<
Water Front Notes.
Chief Wittman received a dispatch from
Harry Janspn of Cincinnati yesterday
morning notifying him that Charles Saun
ders had been killed there and asking him
to notify Saunders' friends as to the dis
position of the body. The Chief knows
nothing of the case and would like to have
Saunders' friends make themselves known
to him.
Killed in Cincinnati.
Special attention is called to the early
publication of statement of the Hart
ford Fire Insurance Company for the
year 1901— page 12— showing largely In
creased assets and net surplus.
An Excellent Showing.
Election of Vestrymen.
At the annual parish . meeting of tha
Church of the Advent, held on Tuesday
evening, December 10, the following
named gentlemen were elected vestry
men for the ensuing ecclesiastical year:
Rev. Herbert Parrish, president; A. J.
Hasten, senior warden; John Dempsey.
junior . warden; G. W. Reed, treasurer;
George Broderson. secretary; : J. W. Al
laire and H. L. Dewey.
A FLEET of new four-masted
schooners will be added to the
coast service during the month.
A dozen of them are now near
ing completion, and inside of a
week the first of them v:ill be. launched at
Everett, Wash. She has been built for
San Francisco parties, and Captajn John
Pedersen will be the managing owner."
The new schooner is to be named the
John H. Lunsman, and will be 230 feet
over all, 40 feet 10 Inches ream and 16 feet
deep. She is a sister ship to the W. F.
Garms, and will carry 1,400,000 feet of
lumber. Judging from reports the Luns
man will not only be a great carrier, but
an able sea boat. • " ,
Both the Lunsman and Garms c"ome
from the shipyards of C. G. White.
"Charley" White was in the old days one
of the beat known shipbuilders in Califor
nia. From his place at Alameda some of
the fastest vessels that ever sailed 'out
of the Golden Gate were launched. .But
then he, fell on evil days and finally had
to remove . to Everett. This was nearly
three years ago, and now the old master
builder's friends will be glad to hear that
his hand has not lost its cunning and that
he is again trimming out vessels second
to none on the coast. White is at present
in San Francisco on a vacation, but will
be back in Everett in time for the launch
ing of the Lunsman. .-.;• ¦• ¦:¦-.
CAPTAIN MARSHALL HONORED.
Crew of the Slocum Present Him
With Gold-Handled, Umbrella.
The officers and crew of the army trans
port service tug Slocum did not fail to re
member the captain of the vessel yester
day. A month ago Captain Harry Mar
shall was a very sick man, but for the
last week or so he has been able to attend
to his duties. Yesterday when he came
aboard ready to take General Long out
to the Sheridan he was called forward by
Chief Officer Charles Palmer, who in a
neat* speech presented him with a hand
some gold-handled umbrella. A small
plate on the handle bears the Inscription,"
"Presented to Captain . H. P.' Marshall by
the officers and crew of the tug Slocum,
January 1, 1902." /' •
Captain Marshall was so taken by sur-.
prise that he could not make a speech,
but he assured every member of the crew,
of his personal regard. Eulogistic
speeches were made by Chief Engineer
Driscoll, First Assistant Engineer G. W.
Kenney and Second Officer L. A. Gustaff
son. Captain- Marshall Is one of the best
known. towboat men in California, having
been in the employ of .both the. Shipown
ers' aiid Merchants' • and the Spreckels
lines.
Nitrate Vessel Overdue.
Owners of gunpowder plants- and those
who use nitrate in the manufacture of
fertilizers are wondering what has be
come of the British bark Pharos. The
vessel is now out seventy-five days from
Iquique and has a load of the much de
sired material consigned to a local con
cern. The Kosmos liner Herddot brought
about 400 .tons --of the stuff, <but ; -it.- was
soon used up. The manufacturers are now
wondering when the next; consignment
will arrive."
NEW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER JOHN H.LUNSMAN THAT IS TO BE ,
LAUNCHED FROM WHITE'S SHIPYARD AT EVERETT, WASH., IN
A FEW DAYS. SHE IS OWNED BY SAN FRANCISCO PARTIES.
NEBRASKA GOVERNOR
. * \: TO VISIT THE SOUTH
Pardon of the Defaulting State Treas-
urer Granted Before the Execu
tive's Departure.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. L— Governor Sav
age will leave to-morrow for a short tour
of the Southern States, his final destina
tion being New Orleans. At the State
House it was understood that the pardon
of Joseph Bartley, the defaulting State
Treasurer, was to be the final act of ex
ecutive clemency for the present holiday
season. No local happening for months
has caused the sensation that did the re
lease of Bartley.
Governor Savage said to-night that he
had received many personal expressions
of approval of his act, as well as mes
sages of congratulation. Telegrams of
the same tenor poured Into the Bartley
home, and friends and former neighbors
called to express their good will, j In this
city there were also expressions condemn
ing the Governor's action, accompanied
by predictions that It would have an im
portant political bearing. -Bartley. would
make no statement. The theory that the
Governor was actuated by the belief that
the pardoned man would be in a position
to make' restitution of part of the half
million dollars lost to the State was
neither affirmed nor denled:
CONTRIBUTORS OJF, MpNET-;:;^,
ARE DISICOURAGINGLY SLOW
Young- Men's Christian Association
Jubilee Fund Halts Below the
. Million Mark.
NEW YORK, Jan. L— Although the of
fices of the international committee of the
Young Men's Christian Association In
this city were kept open all of the day
no contributions to the million-dollar
jubilee endowment fund were received.
The total amount remained at Tuesdav
night's figures— $789,750. The Rev. Rich
ard C. Morse of the international com
mittee said to-night that he had hopes
that to-morrow morning's >mail might
bring subscriptions that would complete
the fund. \ . -
Of the amount subscribed fully $300,000
is conditional on a million being raised by.
January 1. Subscriptions sent in letters
that had been mailed before January 1
could be included in the fund, and that
leaves a bare chance that the million may
be raised.
Will Oppose Arkansas Governor.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. L— The Hon.
E. W. Rector of Hot Springs to-day an
nounced his candidacy for the Democrat
ic nomination for Governor in opposition
to Governor Jeff Davis, who Js seeking a
second term. This is the iirst time in for
ty years that a Democratic Governor of
Arkansas has been opposed for a renom
ination for a second term. Primary elec
tions will.be held on March 29.
Edward J. Dalton, Frank R. Handley,
Francis Moran, Louis Meehan, David
Corcoran, Leander W. Powers, Lawrence
J.Conlon, "James H. Barry, Patrick H;
Sharily, James W. Gough. John F. Stew
art, Peter F. Sheridan, John J. Mahoney,
Peter Qulnn, Frank" Tuite, Patrick H.
Barrett, Daniel O'Neill, Paul Smith,
George "W. Albertl, W. H. Jones, Jules
E. Voisinet, George T. . Silvey, Thomas
Conway, Benjamin F. Jones, Edward J.
Lawler, Frank P: Curran, Frank J. Ful
ton, Carl T. Thompson, Edward J. Dun
ning, Joseph B. Minister, ¦ Joseph
O'Reilly, Patrick E. Mahoney, Charles
Bondreau, John P. Collins, Lawrence J.
Brannan Sr., Charles D. Skirdin, Horace
J. Jackson, J. P. -Carroll, Charles Calla
han, Thomas F.Reilly, August Bleden
bach, John D. Sullivan, James M. Dono
van, James A. Plymire, Orange D. Reed,
Daniel Moriarity, Johannes Wrede, Dan
iel E. Mahoney, George E. Hall, NeaJ
Meahin, Michael Ryan, David S. Forsyth',
James D. Bolger, James J. McCarthy,
William M. Morrissey, Egberr C. Bar
clay, Ernest A. Kuver, John O'Connor,
Joseph 'Do bbas, Michael Burns,- John
Judge, Edward E. Hagan, Patrick Keane,
Edwin B. Morton, Frank Forcada,
George P. Trowbridge, Mark Stokes,
John Kirkpatrlck, William A. McAllis
ter, Frank E. Dennon, William M.'Con
nolly, Patrick J. Powers, David G. Lewis,
D. J.,,FIynn, Edward P. Courtney, Ferdi
nand Gilbert, James W. Collins, P D.
Nolan, Robert F. Gough. Emile Daclln,
Jacob Seger, William Jennings. Fred
Clark, Thomas H. . Hogan, Thomas J.
Mullin. Charles C. Meissol, William A.
Vetter, Julius Stamper, James O'Brien, v
Joseph Bondson, Daniel McCarthy, Her
bert H. Baird, Thomas - Heffron, . Robert
J. Bellmgham, William M. Rider. Wil
liam Dunsing, Joseph Woods, ¦ Thomas F.
Conran. A ¦
~ The following named persons have
passed the municipal' civil service exam
inations for positions as watchmen and
they will be placed on the eligible list in
the order named:
ceed in Passing the Civil Ser
vice Examination.
Nearly a Hundred Applicants Suc-
Research Work Among State
Tribes. .
Indian baskets belonging to private col
lectors, portraits of Indian chiefs and -
scenes of , Indian life will form the basis .
of a uniaue exhibition that will open at
Century Hall, 1213 Sutter street, on Jan
uary 6 and Tuesday, the 7th.
The exhibition will be open to the pub
lic oh payment ' of a small 1 e© ¦ ¦ and will
constitute , the finest collection of Indian
basket work that has ever been made In
this State.
Among- the ladies who will lend their
collections of baskets are Mrs. William
Tevis, Mrs. A. W. Poster, • Mra. L. I*
Baker, Mrs. -Thomas P. Bishop and Mrs.
George Powers.
The exhibition will include the series of
Indian paintings from the brush of J. H.
Sharp that recently attracted considerable
attention at the ; Pan-American Exposi
tion.
The proceeds of the exhibition In this
city will be used as a fund to be devoted
to scientific research among the Indian
tribes of thia State under the direction of
the University of California. The exhibi
tion has been arranged by Mrs. Zella
Nut tall and wall be open on January 8
from 2 p. m. to 6 p. m. and on Tuesday,
January 7, from 11 a. m. to 1 p. m. and
from 2 p. m. to 6 p. m. Refreshments will
be served each day by a number of well
known society ladies.
Society Women, to Raise Funds for
MANY ELIGIBLES FOR
POSITIONS AS "WATCHMEN
INDIAN BASKETWOBK
. WJXX. BE EXHIBITED
All commercial • defaults numbered 1341,
with liabilities of $10,811,671, which com
pares with 1355 in 1900 owing $11,613,208. In
manufacturing there were 289 failures for
$3,095,095, against 308 in the previous year,
with liabilities of $3,201,665. Trading fail
ures numbered 1029, with a total indebted
ness of $6,845,329, compared with 1010 in
the previous year for $7,232,340.
In many ways the prosperous conditions
in the United States were shared across
the northern border, for commercial-fail
.ures in the" Dominion . of Canada were
fewer in number and smaller in amount
of liabilities than they were for the pre
ceding seven- years. As to banking insol
vencies the statement was even more fa
vorable, no one of the earlier years mak
ing as good an exhibit.
NEW YORK, Jan. L— Reports to *R. G.
Dun & Co. §how that the failures for the
year 1901 were 11,002 in number and $113,
092,376 In amount of - liabilities,, while ' of
banking' and other - fiduciary Institutions
there were seventy-four, insolvencies, in
volving $18,018,774-a total of 11,076 flefaults
and 5131,111,150 liabilities.:
These figures compare -very favorably
with the, 10,833 failures in 1900. with lia
bilities of $174,113,2S6, of which | fifty-nine
were banks for $35,617,563. Manufacturing
disasters in 1901 numbered 2441, with an in
debtedness of 544,960,983, compared ; with
2409 in the previous year owing $51,702,142,
while there were 7965 suspensions of trad
ers for $52,060,640. against 7S44 in 1903, with
liabilities of ,$59,415,592. The defaulted lia
bilities were 96 cents to each $1000 of bank
exchanges. A ratio to the number of firms
in business shows that the entire amount
of defaulted indebtedness averaged $94 33
for each concern. This amount compares
with $119 63 in 1900, while going back to
1S93 the average was $290 65. . . .
Canada Has Share of the'-
Prosperous Business
Oonditione.
for Southampton; stmr "Majestic, for Liverpool;
stmr : Ha veford. . for ' Antwerp. ¦ '"'.•*
ST JOHN'S, N F — Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Si
berian, from Glasgow and i Liverpool, for Hali
fax and Philadelphia: "*'< . - f. ..-*
-- SINGAPORE— Arrived Jan , 1— Stmr. Glenroy.
from • Tacoba. .via Hongkong, for London. ;
- CORONA— Arrived ¦ Jan 1— Stmr Langbank,
from Portland, Or," for St- Vincent. ." :': ",
ST VINCENT.' C V — Arrived previous ;¦ to
Jan 1— Stmr Royalist, from San . Francisco."
via' Valparaiso. -v^ '¦¦•• -¦ «•' •
NEW-. YORK— Arrived Jan 1— Stmr Trave.
from Genoa. • Naples ' and - Gibraltar. ¦ ¦ •
• BREMEN— Sailed Jan- 1— Stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, for New j York. : r
YOKOHAMA— Arrived '. Dec SO — Stmr Indra
pura. ¦ from . -. Portland.' Or, via Astoria. . for
Hongkong-.; ,- • - ¦--... ¦ ' - ' . -
Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Tacoma. for San Fran-
SoijTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 1— Stmr. Kal-
Berin Maria-, Theresa, -.from Bremen; for New
-York.' : >-,¦ '¦.•¦¦-. ..'.....'
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Year's Eecord of Fail
ures Shows Notable
Decrease.
All of Them Nearly Ready f or rLaunehing, But the John H . Luns
man, Builtv3y; a Former San Franciscan at Everett, Will Be
the F'irst Ghristened---Otriers : ? Will Be Delivered Rapidly
FEWER FIRMS
CLOSE DOORS
FLEET OF FOUR-MASTED VESSELS
TO BE COMMISSIONED THIS MONTH
TtLE SAN FRANCISCO CAiLL; THURSDAY, JAGUAR Y 2, 1902.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast- and Geodetic Survey —
Times- and Heights . of High and Low
; Waters - at Fort > Point, entrance ' - to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. :
NOTE — The high and lovr aters occur at
the', city front" (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort' Point:
the height of tide - Is the satiie at both places.
7
Steamer.
From*
Due.
Tellus. .......
Kmpire. .....
Columbia. ...
Coronado. .
Lakme .......
S. Portland:.
Mackinaw...
Ban Pedro.::.
Navarro
UmatiUa. . . . .
Santa Roaa. .
Corona. ......
Eureka......
Edith........
Nome City..;
Czarina...;..
City Peking..
Strathgyle...
Nicarla.::...
Rival... ....
Santiago.. ....
North Fork.:
Pomona.'....;
G. W. Elder..
-Asuncion. ..'.'.'
State of Cal..
Ventura. , ...
Argo .. .
Newburg. '. . . :
Newport
City Puebla. .
Sequoia.:. . . . .
Bonlta. ......
Pt. Arena.'...
Santa Ana..'.
Oyster Harbor. . . . . . . .'.
Coos • Bay . "...
Portland & : Astoria. . . .
San Pedro
Portland & Astoria. . . .
Seattle ?;Y. .............
Tacoma ' : .¦.'.
San. Pedro
Point Arena ..........
Puget I Sound Ports. . . . .
San- Diego & Way PU.
Newport & Way Ports.
Humboldt .......:....;
Seattle V.
Seattle ..;...:..........
Seattle '& Tacoma .....
China & Japan
Portland . . .V. . ;.".'. .". . .".
Valparaiso & Way" Pts.
Wiliapa Harbor . . ... R .
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Humboldt ........... . . .
Humboldt .:
Portland & Astoria.....
Tacoma ....:.Y
San Diego & Way Forts
Sydney, & Way Ports...
Coquille River ... v ...
San Pedro
Panama & Way Ports..
Puget Sound Ports
Grays Harbor
Newport &. Way Ports.
Point Arena
Seattle & Tacoma .....
Jan.
Jan.
Jan. -
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.,
Jan.
Jan.
Jan:
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan..
Jan.
Jan. •
Jan.
Jan.
Jan:
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan. !
2
2
2
.2
2
'2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
3
3
Z
3
4
4
I
5
5
5
5
• 0
B
6
7
7
9
0
• Steamer.. .- ¦•_ - For. . ¦.•: ¦.-... . Satis
Dolphin...... Skagway &' Way Ports. Jan.
Dlri«ro..r. .'. . Skaeway & Way Ports. Jan;
Al-Kl. ..*..... Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. -
Bertha....... Valdez and". Kodlak (Jan.
For.
I Satis.
s.
S
S
7
Steamer.
; Destination. ISalU.t Pier.
¦ ¦ i 1 ~~"""—
Destination.
Emplrrt.. .
Manciaiay. .
C. Nelson..
Arcata'. . . ..
San Pedro.
Alliance..,
Pomona...
G. Dollar..
Nome City.
Bonita.....
Lakme. ....
Coronado. .
Columbia. .
Eureka...*.
Point Arena
Rival...."..
J. S.' Klmbs
Amu, Man
Australia. .
Alameda...
January r 2.- "I •-
Coos Bay ......... ~ 10 am] Pier 13
Coquille River......'. fipiii|Pi«r i
Los An^oles ........ B pas Pier 2
Coos Buy & Pt. Orf d 2 pm Pier 13
Humboldt ¦ 4 pm Pier 2
Portland & Way Pts 10am|JPIerlu
Huinboldt ...... l:3op|Pler a
Grays Harbor... 6pm|Pier '2
San Diego :..|Pler —
Newport &.Way Pts OainlPierll
* "' Jannarj" 8. • , ' I '¦/-."
Astoria & Portland. 5 pm|Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm|Fier ¦•£
Astoria & Portland.. 11 ami Pier 21
vv^Jannary 4. • I •.
Humboldt 0amlPlerl3
Point Arena ....... 2pra[fier '*
A^lllapa Harbor . . ; . 5 pmlPier 2
Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am|PIer 2
China & Japan .... 1 pm | PM£S
Tahiti direct ....... 10am Pier-T
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
'.': Jannary 5.
San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
; Jananry O.
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Newport &' Way. ... 8 am Pier 11
January 7.' .
Humboldt *.......;.. 9 am Pier 13
Mexican Ports ; 10 am Pier 7
Seattle & Tacoma... 5 pm Pier S
Santa Rosa
Newburg. .
UmatiUa. . .
Coos Bay..
North Fork
Curacao. ..
Czarina.. 1 .-.
Sun
Sun
Mo.
§
n rises
it . sets
on.rlet
Trimei
¦s.
.......7:23
.........5:<X5
0:51 a. in.
(Time I
- . I
3
4
6
0
7
8
HW
C:03
0:02
0:51
1:40
2:25
3:09
3:48
H W
0:14
Ft.
5.4
i
2.3
2.6
, 2.S
2.9
3.0
3.1
L,W
12:40
H W
0:52
i 7:;i5
; 8:16
i 8:54
i 9:26
9:58
L W
i 4:30
.«.
-1.6
5.4
5.4
5.4
5.6
5.5
5.4
Time I
Ft.
n.yv
7:02 Tlu
L Wl
1:12 1.2
2:26 O.S
3:10 0.4
3:47 0.0
4:21 —0.2
4:36 —0.3
H W
10:28 5.4
Time
Ft.
L "W
ii'w "¦'*'
8:16 " 3.7
9:1S 3.S
10:10 4.0
10:oo 4.2
11:34 4.4
L"w '""*
3-.oO -^-0.3
9
'¦• 4.5
¦ 3. 2 1
Sun
Sun
Mo.
§
n rises
it . sets
on.rlet
Trimei
¦s.
.......7:23
.........5:<X5
0:51 a. in.
(Time I
- . I
3
4
6
0
7
8
HW
C:03
0:02
0:51
1:40
2:25
3:09
3:48
H W
0:14
Ft.
5.4
i
2.3
2.6
, 2.S
2.9
3.0
3.1
L,W
12:40
H W
0:52
i 7:;i5
; 8:16
i 8:54
i 9:26
9:58
L W
i 4:30
.«.
-1.6
5.4
5.4
5.4
5.6
5.5
5.4
Time I
Ft.
n.yv
7:02 Tlu
L Wl
1:12 1.2
2:26 O.S
3:10 0.4
3:47 0.0
4:21 —0.2
4:36 —0.3
H W
10:28 5.4
Time
Ft.
L "W
ii'w "¦'*'
8:16 " 3.7
9:1S 3.S
10:10 4.0
10:oo 4.2
11:34 4.4
L"w '""*
3-.oO -^-0.3
9
'¦• 4.5
¦ 3. 2 1
Steamer.
From*
Due.
Tellus. .......
Kmpire. .....
Columbia. ...
Coronado. .
Lakme .......
S. Portland:.
Mackinaw...
Ban Pedro.::.
Navarro
UmatiUa. . . . .
Santa Roaa. .
Corona. ......
Eureka......
Edith........
Nome City..;
Czarina...;..
City Peking..
Strathgyle...
Nicarla.::...
Rival... ....
Santiago.. ....
North Fork.:
Pomona.'....;
G. W. Elder..
-Asuncion. ..'.'.'
State of Cal..
Ventura. , ...
Argo .. .
Newburg. '. . . :
Newport
City Puebla. .
Sequoia.:. . . . .
Bonlta. ......
Pt. Arena.'...
Santa Ana..'.
Oyster Harbor. . . . . . . .'.
Coos • Bay . "...
Portland & : Astoria. . . .
San Pedro
Portland & Astoria. . . .
Seattle ?;Y. .............
Tacoma ' : .¦.'.
San. Pedro
Point Arena ..........
Puget I Sound Ports. . . . .
San- Diego & Way PU.
Newport & Way Ports.
Humboldt .......:....;
Seattle V.
Seattle ..;...:..........
Seattle '& Tacoma .....
China & Japan
Portland . . .V. . ;.".'. .". . .".
Valparaiso & Way" Pts.
Wiliapa Harbor . . ... R .
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Humboldt ........... . . .
Humboldt .:
Portland & Astoria.....
Tacoma ....:.Y
San Diego & Way Forts
Sydney, & Way Ports...
Coquille River ... v ...
San Pedro
Panama & Way Ports..
Puget Sound Ports
Grays Harbor
Newport &. Way Ports.
Point Arena
Seattle & Tacoma .....
Jan.
Jan.
Jan. -
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.,
Jan.
Jan.
Jan:
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan..
Jan.
Jan. •
Jan.
Jan.
Jan:
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan. !
2
2
2
.2
2
'2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
3
3
Z
3
4
4
I
5
5
5
5
• 0
B
6
7
7
9
0
• Steamer.. .- ¦•_ - For. . ¦.•: ¦.-... . Satis
Dolphin...... Skagway &' Way Ports. Jan.
Dlri«ro..r. .'. . Skaeway & Way Ports. Jan;
Al-Kl. ..*..... Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. -
Bertha....... Valdez and". Kodlak (Jan.
For.
I Satis.
s.
S
S
7
Steamer.
; Destination. ISalU.t Pier.
¦ ¦ i 1 ~~"""—
Destination.
Emplrrt.. .
Manciaiay. .
C. Nelson..
Arcata'. . . ..
San Pedro.
Alliance..,
Pomona...
G. Dollar..
Nome City.
Bonita.....
Lakme. ....
Coronado. .
Columbia. .
Eureka...*.
Point Arena
Rival...."..
J. S.' Klmbs
Amu, Man
Australia. .
Alameda...
January r 2.- "I •-
Coos Bay ......... ~ 10 am] Pier 13
Coquille River......'. fipiii|Pi«r i
Los An^oles ........ B pas Pier 2
Coos Buy & Pt. Orf d 2 pm Pier 13
Humboldt ¦ 4 pm Pier 2
Portland & Way Pts 10am|JPIerlu
Huinboldt ...... l:3op|Pler a
Grays Harbor... 6pm|Pier '2
San Diego :..|Pler —
Newport &.Way Pts OainlPierll
* "' Jannarj" 8. • , ' I '¦/-."
Astoria & Portland. 5 pm|Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm|Fier ¦•£
Astoria & Portland.. 11 ami Pier 21
vv^Jannary 4. • I •.
Humboldt 0amlPlerl3
Point Arena ....... 2pra[fier '*
A^lllapa Harbor . . ; . 5 pmlPier 2
Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am|PIer 2
China & Japan .... 1 pm | PM£S
Tahiti direct ....... 10am Pier-T
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
'.': Jannary 5.
San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
; Jananry O.
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Newport &' Way. ... 8 am Pier 11
January 7.' .
Humboldt *.......;.. 9 am Pier 13
Mexican Ports ; 10 am Pier 7
Seattle & Tacoma... 5 pm Pier S
Santa Rosa
Newburg. .
UmatiUa. . .
Coos Bay..
North Fork
Curacao. ..
Czarina.. 1 .-.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Men and women who have
reached advanced years cf life
n?ed a medicine to tone up ihe
system^and strengthen "the- itom :
ach and kidneys,, which, after .so
manv years' faith'ui .service hav.*
treccme weakened. The best me J-
icine to hi ?et their needs is H6-
.tetter's' Stomach Bitters. Do nb.i
fail to irv it.
Grandfather John Harris, Clay tonville,-
Kans.r says: "I have used, your, Bitters
and attribute my long life and continued
pood health; to its use."
PERFECT
Used ;by ; people ., of r efinemen t
for over a i Quarter of a century.
CONBPICtfOTTS; IN A B ALLBOOM.
Flakes of DandriifE on the Collar and
\ ' Shoulder^ ,'of a 'Gentleman in V
Full Dress. ;
This is ;theithing you quitfe" frequently
aee;in'!the ballroom— a man's black dresa
coat literallyjcovered with dandruff. : ; \ ;
•¦¦ It I must be annoying to , the ; wearer, and
certainly riot : a' pleasant i,thirig to observe:
butt dandruff can; be ; eradicated." : It i3 <a
germ disease ¦> that -will : some: day ¦ cause
baldness. •-'.--¦ ?V-'- '¦ i ; - '-¦•.-;•¦:> .•^.¦: ¦•••,¦ •
-¦Newbro's .Herpicide .• kills, .the : hair-de-
stroying, germ | and stimulates : the hair - to
a" rich.'i abundant .-growth; r It ; does'* more-^
keepdithe; hair.' soft'i and s pliant. 1
:> Furthermore, fHerpictde is a? most /pleas-
ant toilet' accessory ;; pleasing of. odor, and
cooling 'to, the scalp. :• ; "_¦*.¦•¦>•>¦ :
/nf TroTro^ToTroTrb*YTr6Tr5Tro'TroTnro^^Trb r irBis *jp\
" I Sundav s i
Q(V ¦ tool' . , , .
o3 ' f^ 4 Joo
JO OC ¦ l O © '
£3 Read the Story of the So
: C... I Man' Who Lives |
¦ • ..-. ¦ l»cl AllllJlJg O&CiClUUS w o
o— — — — . ""'¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ; -o
Read The Reindeer Queen of Ma Read.'
Sunday's how the 7 mtimers" M^
C^ Spent Their Holidays Ca| l-
O r--,< ..Read the... Z^T" ~®
— Joo< |oo
II Wolfyille Stories &
• 2» By Alfred Henry Lewis. Joo
. c3. The But Western Stories Ever Written/ £3
' 11 PAGES OF FICTION and ]<{ jii .
* . S3 .HUMAN INTEREST STORIES. g«
|o| The Faffions Masked Wrestler of So
' i* * Fans Now Lives in San Francisco }««
E| THE SUNDAY CALL |i:
-|oo< Is^the HigH-Qass SS
E§ . t i'. erary Paper of the West. EE "
II In Colors That , gS
• .»p3' .'Are Pleasing to the Eye-8 , %%
|oo{ .«.¦¦¦.' . .- ¦ -¦ Joo
Joa( .. ¦¦ -- • Op
>o TfWTTSU vttswi! Trsisirs'svvvTrirsi^'STnrsTrs o
9JLSJJJLS.SJLSJiSiSiSiSU^
• .. - : ' ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ . • •
AMXJSEME.NTS.
' SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4th, 3 p. m.
teeluspSBecital
.;. V - -ASSISTED .BY THE *
NEW-VJOTOR DISC TALKING MACHINE
And HERBERT WILLIAMS, Tenor Soloist.
PBOGEAMME-part I.
1. Overture. Phedre Massenet
(Throughout the overture, violin, flute and -
other orchestral effects, obtainable, only
with the AngelUf, will be noticed.)
2. "Air de Ballet. No. 1" .....Chamlnade
3. Song ••Mona" ......Adams
Mr. H. Williams.
4. Moment Mualcale, op. 7, No. 2, C sharp
minor .'....---••- Moszkowski
. —INTERMISSION—
During the intermission the following selec-
tions will be rendered by the "Victor" Mon-
arch Disc Talking Machine:
ta) "Carry Me Back to Old Virglnie"....
Haydn Quartet
(b) "The Holy City." tenor boIo....
* Harry MacIJonough
(c) Selections Irom "Hurly Burly". .......
. . . . .......:....... Metropolitan Orchestra
PART II.
5. (a) "Valse Lente" Sleveking
(b) "Lifberstraum" (Drcani of Love),
Nocturne » • '. - - Li?zt
(c)- "PolonaJca," op. 11, E flat.'.Moszkowskl
6. "La Filcuse" (Etude) .....Raff
I 7. Song, "Good By" .......To3tl
| Mr. II. Williams.
6. "Rhapsodic Hongroise." No. 12. ...... .Liszt
The following selections will be rendered by
the "Victor" Monarch Disc Talking Machine:
(a) "Largo al Factotum," barytone solo. .
.........'.. Sig. Francisco
(b) "Rusty Rags," banjo eolo..Vess L. OKsman
(c) "Annie Laurie" ........... .Haydn Quartet
AUiU^JlUn rKCC crowding of the Hall,
Tickets should be procured at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s Music Store,' Kearny and Sutter sts.-
t ¦ i :¦-'. -,''..-¦• .
GENJRAL PARK;
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M;
TO-BA*5r,
Saturday^ and' Sunday.*
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c. . • '
FISCHFR'S coisiCERT- house
Prof. A. J. Topping; The Sorensen8;'Paloma
Quartet; Mullen and Lord; Valkyra; Ethel Cul-
breth ;. Coleman and Mexls,*' Billy Johnson,' and
HInrlchs' • Orchestra. ¦ Ressrved ' . Seats, 20c.
Matinee Sunday. \ , ¦ •
'..._. •¦ . - ;:..-.. _•____" ADVEBTISEKCENTS. ¦»
flOPVmOMT 1199 IY THI FROCTKII A tAMSLt CO. CINCINNATI V
; : 'TWO VALUES.
Bffl^iHERE are two values to every purchase —
2<nR& what it costs and what it pays you. Cork
l^yypl costs 8 cents a pound, but if you are drown-
IliiSliJ ing half a mile from shore/ its value would'
be "not what you pay for cork, but what cork saves
you." When a woman buys soaps she often con-
fuses the two values. She sees only what she pays.
She overlooks what she receives. Now a single
cake pf Ivory Soap pays back from ten to twenty *¦
times its cost' in the saving it effects. Test ii your-
self 1 Vegetable Oil Soap. Ivory white. It floats!
AMUSE3IENTS.
Evenlncs at 8 Sharp.
Matinee SATURDAY at 2 Sharp.
"The Holiday Show of the Year."
Ferris Hartman'a Merry Extravaganza.
Little Red
Biding Hood
BE SURE A*TD BEING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c aad T5c.
Telephone Bush 9.
i & Thall. Mets. gt -.
LAST FOVR JCIGHTB. i^E?fftV«?
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
SATITKDAY AND
Our Holiday Fun. K>^>i!/^^
CHARLEYS $^M*
A Laugh a Minute for 2 f L • \ *8 L '
Price*— 15, 25,"s5. 50. T5c
J.-EXT -WEEK— "THE *^Kh^^^^\
WIFE." taMMMo*
Matinee To-Day,
THURSDAY, JAN. 2.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. - 10c; Chil-
dren, any i>art except reserved, 10c.
PICfOLO'S LILLIPUTIANS,
SITTER'S TBAHTED DOGS
and the Great
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
*^i^ & awaa cmrtuu
TO-NIGHT — ALL. THIS WEEK.
I MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Denman Thompson's Great Play.
THE TWO
SIS TERS.
A PLAY EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE.
Superb Production. Novel Specialties, etc
' PPIfFS E** 1 *^* 10c to 50c
Z&iVEj Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "LOST IN NEW YORK."
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
RU) BLACKPATTI
i amous TROUBADOURS
Special Feature— Grand Gold Medal Champion
CAKE WALK
TO-JCIGHT. Friday and Saturday Evenings.
Nc^t Sunday, Jan. 5,
pi whose baby
Mare you?
JWfc- SEAT S READY.
Matinee To-"Day SSa?S nly .
MARY MANNERINO IN
"CAMILLE."
LAST THREE NIGHTS AND SATURDAY
MATINEE.
Mary Mannering
JANICE Mj: REDITH.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
MODJE^KA and JAMSrf
And an Incomparable Ccmcany In
"H»»NRY VIII."
The laort Complete. Sumptuous and Scholastic
Production r:\pr Shown in This
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-DAY'
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. "
Ta-Kitlit ai.ri i:\'-ry tvening This Week. '
1 IjaiO'i) Lh SUCCESS OF
MINNIE SELIGMAN
"A LADY OP QUALITY."
• Pocular Prices — 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week
MINNIE SELIGMAN In a grand doable bill
of A. Carranos "CAVALLERIA RUST1-
CANA" and W. S. Gilbert's "COMEDY AND
TRAGEDY." ,
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
ELLA BURT,
The Daring Lady Cyclist, Will Coast
the Chutes on a Bicycle.
: PECIAL TO-NIGHT,
The A Did tents.
In a Twentieth. Century Xovelty.
TELEPHONE FOR~SEATS. PARK 23.
RACING
~!*'d^S» r %cry Week Day—
Rnln or Shin:.
"¦cW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racrs tlart at 2:15 p. tx. •ham.
l¦"erry-^x)ats leave Kan Francisco at 12 m. and
J2:30, 1. l:'io. 2. 2:30 aiid 3 p. rft., connecting
v. ilh trains stepping at the entrance to thi
track. Last two cats on train reserved for
)a.iiee end their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
*-lectr!c ran fit Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect tvith Ban Pablo avenue cari at Four-
leenth end Brcadwr.y. Oakland. These electrlo
cars eo direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:t5 p. m. end Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAB. P. PRICK. Sgcy. and Mgr. _^
PALACE and ,. ]
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
tall flores, clubs, railroad and
r.ovspaper offices, banks and the-*
aters. Street. cars to all parts ol
. the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.Selections for To-Day.
. First* race— Annie' Max, Schwarzwald,. Min
taka. : - . .
Second race — Katherlne Ennls, Parsifal, Pen
cil Me. „
Third race— Montezuma, Jennie ' McGowan,
Imp. . Somenos. * ' '/ : \
;'. Fourth race— Halnault, Lapldus; The Giver.
; Fifth race — Gawaine,; Aloha II,' Cromwell.
Sixth ; race— Montana Peeress, Knockings,
Dwight Way.
Sixth race— Six furlongs, ' selling, maiden
three-year-olds. • .
3023 Dwight Way. 109 3041 Meteoro .....107
3048 Wand'g Boy. .100 3048 Angeleno ..:.112
304S Mvnt. Peeress.107 3048 Claudator .. :111
.... "Willows Girl. .107 3041 Tibs ........ 107
3048 Knockings ...107 2497 Dan Collins.. 109
.Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth, selling,
four-year-olds and upward.
%%& Ga , walne • • • -104- 30R4 Romany . ... .109
3070 Sylvan Lass.. 107 3070 Castake ... 109
3053 Quibo ....... 107 3070 Einstein ..... 109
i^S 01 * 1 Baron... 10t> 3070 Col.Bairtyne.112
C5064)McNamara ..114 3033 Cromwell ...117
(2987)Mont Eagle.. .114 3060 Aloha II. .. ...109
. Fourth race— Six and a half furlon«, sell
ing, three-year-olds. •
J« uwelse a ••¦1031 3057 The Giver;... 110
3^H^n^l 8 ::::loil ;3O 5 LapM '! 3 ; 107
nle : McFarlln .'. ....... .110
. . . : : Tom Mitchell— Montana-Contrary MaryllO
Third race — Three furlongs, purse, two-year
olds. .
;. . . Kstrellada — Santiago-Miss Ford . . .... .110
.. ;'. .Montezuma— Montana-Gypsy Girl.. ...113
.... Imp. Somenos— Imp. Worcester-Louise (
Michel .:..................:... 113
.... The Owl— Rey del Sierra- Bonita: . . .".".113
.... Len Reno — Montana-Molly Small..'..;. 110
. . :. Dismay — Herald-Ona ............. .'...110
•....' Temprano — Imp. True Briton-Tennes- .
-.> see ........ . .......;......;.:. ..110
.... Honlton — Imp. Ormonde-Llbbertlflib- -
bet .... . . ..................;.. 110
.... Jennie McGowan — Imp. Balgowan-Jen-
Second race — Futurity course, selling-, ¦ four
year-olds. '
3031 ~Kath. Ennl3.. 102 3049 Captivate ....102
3022 M L» Rthschld . 107 8060 Pencil ; Me . . . . 104
3047- Mrs. ; Brunell. 102 3022 Pegalong ...'.104
2985 Graylette ....104 3049 Parsifal ......104
3069 Marineuse ...104 2825 Libbie Elkins.102
8047 Rasp ....... .104 3059 Wm. Boyer...l04
given to the trotting world so many noted
performers. . ¦ .
.Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Six furlongs,' selling, maiden
three-year-olds. , . '¦..". -
304S R. Bonner 11.109 3048 Mintaka . . . ..112
3023 Schwarzwald.. 109 3OT0 Discovery ....112
2603 Sieepi Child.. 109 S048 Sir Claus. ... .109
2083 Lillie Dale;. '..1071 3048 Annie Max.'.: 117
3023 St. Chester. ..1121 3011 Torlla .......107
3023 King Herald : 115 ,
LOS 'ANGELES,' Jan. 11— Patrick Sullivan,' a
railroad 6Wltchman'and laborer,!aged 52 years
whose J home is in I Rochester, N. -^Y:, 4 was i run"
over,, by a 'Southern train; at 't Jackson
and Alamedat streets • late ? last ¦ night ¦ and * re
ceived i Injuries which resulted in his death an
hour later; in, the -Receiving: Hospital."- •:. V\ ,.
'Fourth race,: New] Tear's handicap, ' one mile
and . seventy - yards— Lord * Quex ~> won. v Marcos
second, O'Hasen third. ,- Time, v 1:51. ., ' , v
Fifth' race, selling, seven furlongs^-Moroni
won, 1 Reefer second. Myth third; iTlme,' 1 :32%.
¦Sixth race, selling,' one ' mile and a quarter
Major Mansir won, - Malay • second; - Strangest
third. Time. 2:15. : ,.j r - ;h-.-»
'First race." selling; six furlongs— Alpaca won.
Four Leaf C: second; Rival . Dare third. - Time'
1:17. r -, ¦ j.-- ¦¦¦•- :\'., - ¦¦¦ - ...-;.-, -\:-\- ¦
Second .race, six -\ furlongs— Kaloma - won, 4
Trentham second, Kingford i third.'.: Time,'; 1 :17.
Third race, selling, one mlle-f-Eva Rice won,
Frank M . second. ; Ida • Penzance ¦ third. . Time,
1:45. 7 ¦ :': -¦¦¦;,•¦ -- .. ¦ •: -¦ . Y-> ¦¦-.:.::.:-¦'-. _< .,¦
.NEW ORLEANS, Jan. " 1.— Crescent City.
summary: ' : ' .
New, Orleans Eaces.
Favonius, Prejudice, Corrigan, Rosewar, San
Nicolas, Rubus, Buzz, Silver Fizz, Saintly, Sir
Lewis, Sir Tom Tiddler, Miss Mae Day, Hilee,
Dave Sommers, Carmellite,". Cameron, - Roe
hampton Doublet, Josie ' G, " El . Karn, Yellow
Tail, Sly, Andrisa, Redwald, Prestano, , Snow
berry Kenilworth, Illowaho, . Sea Queen, Mu
resca, Goal Runner. Articulate, Beau Ormonde,
Captain Gaines. Tanriga, Montoya. imp. Royal
Flush Dr. Scharff, Fitzkanet; Sol Lichtenstein,
Mark Twain; Icicle, ; Constellator, The Pride,
Joe Frey John Peters, Ordnung, Timemaker,
Mrs. Brunell. Sir Dougall, -, Marshal Nell,^ Ed
na Brown, Phyllis. Tillie Andrews; •'•> Divina,'
Waterscratch; Merops, ¦ Rey -Dare,' Meehanus,
Eonic, Sea Lion. Princess Tltania. . ' ; ¦
$2000: theGebhard handicap, j- This race, will
not be run before April 1. 2 Previous to this will
be given three $500-purse races at shorter dis
tances, to which only ¦ such as are entered I In
this race will : be eligible; ¦ for two-year-olds;
Futurity^ course (170 feet less than i three-quar
ters) — B. c.^by Emperor of Norfolk- Atlanta II,
ch. f. by Amigo-Colonias, br. c._byWernberg-
Miss Goslin, b. c. by Wernberg -Fallen ¦ Prin
cess, ¦ br. ' c. by Burlington-Birdie • T, .The t Owl,
Figardon, Yuganot, Polonlous, Maxnic, Pen
zance, Perpetual Motion, Calista, ch/ f. by Tom
CromweH-Plumeria, b. c. by imp; Odd Fellow-
Kinda, b. c. by imp. Odd • Fellow-Leonatus
. Mare 1. 1 b.'.c. .- by > imp. Odd Fellow-Leonatus
Mare II; br. f . by Imp. Odd Fellow-Leostratta,'
b f. by Russell-Naoma. King: Cayon,; Klorla.
Cassiope, Prince Bref fin, ¦ Insensible, Hampton's
'Kid. b. c. by imp. Friar Tuck-Clara L; br. c.
by imp. Friar Tuck-Mandolin, Orabo,. Brennus,
b. c. by imp. Goldfinch-La Fleur, - Magna Bor
: gia, Romaine, Anvil, . Len Reno, Royal . White,
Montezuma, imp." Somenos, • imp. Puss in' Boots,
imp. . Cupid - Love, b.' c. by • Orsini-Clara Rose,
br. c' by Orslni-Moonllt; br. f." by, Orslnl-Bessie
A, blk. f. - by Orsini-Sloe, b. I: by .imp. : Or
monde-Libbertlflibbet,'ch.-f. by imp. Ormonde-
Partisana, Phyz, Ton?my Mitchell, Chiffonier,'
Artvis, > Avignon, Durazzo, Gold .. Van, Dis
charged, Clarinette, The Phantom, . ch. ¦, f. ¦• by
BalBOwan-Parolee, - b: f. by •¦ Balgowan-Jennle
McFarlin, - b.- ; c. ; by ¦ Imp. .- Koul • Shot-Rebecca
Panique, Secco, Sabinal, , The ; Fog, , ch.; f. • by
imp. Crichton-Nellie Bell. ch. c. by imp. Char
axus-Ethie, b. ; f . by Governor Foraker-Queen
blrd, br. " c. by St. '¦ Florlan-Florimore, ; ch. ¦ c. '
by imp. Brutus-Playful, John.Lemmons, Tala
rand, Toto,;LIttle Margaret.'
The rich stakes of the Coney Island
Jockey Club and Brooklyn Jockey Club
close to-day.
Manager Frank Covey of the Palo Alto
Stock Farm viewed the racing yesterday.
He states, that all of the stock of this
noted breeding establishment will soon
pass under the hammer. In this city, on
January 30 a number of brood mares will
be sold. At 'Cleveland on' May 30 the
three-year-olds, two-year-olds and year
lings are, to go to the highest bidders.
During the Sacramento State Fair horses
'of. all grades will be sold, and during the
month of November the • stallions and
brood mares with colts are. to be led into
the ring of New York. ": Among the stal
lions are Monbells, Mendocino, . Nazote
and Azmoor. This will mark the end of
the Palo Alto Stock Farm, which . has
Track Notes.
Twenty books in the ring, three field
books and a combination book accommo
dated bettors. /
O'Connor .was the only rider to pilot
more than one winner. .. .
$1500; the Gunst handicap; to* be run March
5,1902; one mile and a sixteenth— Gawaine
Magi, Diderot,; Jarretierre d'Or, Lady Sterling'
Frangible. MacGyle. Toddy. Brutal, All Green'
Bangor, Favonius, My Gypsy. ; Mortgage Ri6
Shannon. Goldone, ¦ Frank -Kenny, Barbara
Freitchie. Miss Mae Day. ; Roehampton Doub
let.- Sirene,- Yellow. Tail. Vesuvian, '. Andrisa
Redwald. Sylvan ? LaEs, Snowberry, Beau Or
monde, - Captain Gaines, 1 Tanriga,- Glendenning '
Janice. * imp. Royal , Flush, ' The - Fretter . Soi
Lichtenstein, ? John • • McGurk, Nones, ! Obia
Icicle, -• Constellator, The Pride, Ordnung, » Joe
Frey, Greenock, Timemaker, ' Baldo. •• Marshal
TCeil, Edna Brown,' Arbaces, Merops, Sea Lion
Eonic. " •:'¦-»• : - ' .
$1500 ;• the Follansbe? handicap ; : to » be " run
Saturday. January 11, 1902; seven t furlongs-
Magi. Educate, Diderot. r Glendenning, Jar
retierre d'Or. Cruzados.v Escalente, Lady Ster
ling... Paul Clifford, Sweet Tooth, Porous, The
Giver. Cougar. Red Path, ''¦ Ishtar.' All Gree*.
: $1500; the McLaughlin ' Selling stakes: to bo
run i Saturday, January 18, 1902; one mile and
a furlong— Gawaine,- Diderot, Lady Sterling.
Frangible, Castake, La , Borgia, Toddy, Ban
gor., My • Gypsy, Prejudice, Scotch Plaid Shell
Mount - Goldone. 'Rio Shannon. Bombshell,
Plan, Miss Mae Day. Bedeck, Formero An
tolee. Burdock, Redwald, Captain Gaines' Hor
ton, Tanriga, Varro, Lena. Sam Fullen. Bohul.
Imperious. Sol Lichtenstein. John ' McGurk
Nones, Obia.- Icicle, Constellator, The Pride'
Greenock, Ordnung, Forte, Greyfeld - Colonel
Roosevelt, Marshall Neil. Edna Brown. Ar
baces. Picador, Siddons, Bab, Colonel Bal
lantyne, Sea Lion, Eonic .-_..,
$15O0; the Naglee Selling stakes; to be run
Saturday. January 4. 1902; six and a. half
furlongs-y-Educate, Diderot, Paul Clifford
Black Dick, Sweet Tooth, Grafter, Red iPath'
Diomed. Prejudice, Scotch Plaid, Mortgage'
Quiz II, Scallawag, Miss Mae Day, Hlile
Onyx. • Carmellite. On Time. Hagerdon, Mello
cole, Bedeck." Narra G, -Elkarn, Formero Sly
Antollee, Gusto. The Light. Burdock Kad'wald
•Headwater. Sea Queen, Berendos, Goal Run
ner. ¦ Urchin, Midnight , Chimes. .. Tirade Tan
riga. Sam Fullen,- Fitzkanet,; The Pride Con
stellator. Timemaker, Ordnung Triaditza Ben
Ledi. Mrs. Brunell,- Sir Dougal, Tillie Andrews
Flatterer, t Tower, of Candles, . Meehanus, Sea
$1500; the Adam Andrew , selling stakes; to
be run Saturday, February 1. 1902 ;¦ one mile
and a sixteenth— Gawaine. Diderot, Lady Ster
ling. Paul, Clifford, Black Dick, Sweet Tooth,
Frangible, Caetake, Toddy, Red Path, Mac-
Gyle, Wyoming, Bangor,! Scotch Plaid, Mort
gage, My Gypsy, Tufts, Goldone, Rio Shannon,
Bombshell, Plan, Sir Lewis, Sir Tom Tiddler,
Miss Mae Day, Mellocole, Hagerdon, Shell
Mount, Bedeck, Formero, Antolee, Burdock
Redwald, Muresca, Captain Gaines, Discovery,
Hoilon, Montoya, Varro, Glendenning, Lena,
Moabina, Sam Fullen, Rud Hynlcka, Sol Lich
tenstein, Imperious, John McGurk, Obia,' Icicle,
Constellator, The Pride/ Ordnung. Greenock,
Timemaker, Schwarzwald, Greyfeld. Marshall
Neil, Edna Brown, Arbaces, Picador, Siddons,
Bab, Col. Ballantyne, Sea Lion, Eonic, Satchel.
$1500; the Lissak handicap; to be run Satur
day, Janury 25, 1902; one mile-^Magi, Ga
waine, Jarretierre d'Or, Diderot. Lady Sterling,
MacGyle, Cougar, Red Path, Brutal, All Green
Bangor, Corrigan, 'Favonius, - San ' Nicolas,
Scotch Plaid, Senator Bruce, Rio Shannon
Frank Kenney, Barbara Frietchie, : Silver Fizz,
Sir Tom Tiddler, Hilee, Cameron, Doublet, Ha
gerdon, Yellowtail, , Vesuvlan, Andrisa, Hal
metta, Snowberry, • Muresca, , Montezuma,
Urchin Varro, Glendenning. - Golden Cottage
Janice, Beau Ormonde," Dr. Scharff, The Fret
ter. Sam Fullen, . Moabina, Sol Lichtenstein-
John McGurk, Nones, Obia, Icicle, Constella
tor, The Pride, Timemaker, Ordnungr Joe Frey
Greenock, Edna Brown, ' Marshall Nell,- , Ora
tossa, Arbacea, Tlllie Andrews, Divina, Rey
Dare, Byron Rose, Sea Lion, Eonic, Tower of
Candles. . -
$20>X>; the Pacific Union handicap; to be run
Saturday, March 29, 1902; one mile and an
eighth — Magi, Jarretiere d'Or, Achilles, Ladv
Sterling, Escalante, The Giver, Mythrox, Jing
ler, Blackthorn. Corrigan, Doreen, Rosewar
San Nicholas, Shell Mount, Pirate Maid, Sen
ator Bruce, Arthur Ray, Sir Lewis, Ada N,
Dave Sommers,' Lou Hazel, Yellowstone, Cam
eron. Marf Ho, Sirene, Rosarie, El Bano, Milas,
Prestano, Ramele, Malasplna, Arigato, Glen
denning, Dandy, Homestead, Old England, Rud
Hyinoka, .Moabine, Carlo,- Sol Lichtenstein,
Commissioner Forster, John v Peters, Baldo,
Satchel, Schwarzwald, Lemur, Royalty, Head
strong. Divina, Water Scratch, The Weaver,
Mintaka.
$2000; the Bell stakes; the winner to be pre
sented with plate of the™ value of $500; to be
run Saturday, March .8. 1902; ,. two-year-olds. ;
five furlongs — Bay colt by Emperor of Norfolk-
Atalanta II, ch. I . by Amigo-Colonias, b. • c.
by Burlington-Birdie T, The Owl, Calllsta,
Maxnic, Penzance. Polonius, Figardon, Yuga
nct. Perpetual Motion, ch. t. by Tom Crom
well-Plumeria, b. c. by imp. Odd Fellow-
Kinda. b. c. by imp. Odd Fellow-Leonatus
Mare No. 1. b. c. by imp. Odd Fellow-Leonatus
Mare No. 2, b. f. by Russell-Naoma, br. f. by
Imp. Odd Fellow-LeoBtratta, - King Cayon,
Floria, Prince Bref fin. Insensible, ch: c. by imp.
Friar Tuck-Clara S, br. c. by imp. Friar Tuck-
Man-iolin, Orabo, Brennus, b. c. by imp. Gold
finch-La Fleur. Magna Borgia, Romaine, imp.
Somenos, imp. Puss in Boots,' imp. Cupid Love,
b. c by Orsinl-China Rose, br, c. -by Orsini-
Moonlit. br. f. by Orsinl-Bessle ,W, blk. t. by
Orsini-Sloe. b. f. by imp. Ormonde-Parti sana,
b. •£. by imp. Ormonde- Libbertlflibbet, Phyz.
ch. c. by . Rey El - Santa- Anita-Crap Game.
Chiffonier, Artvis, Gold Van, Durazzo, Avig
non, ch. f. by King Wllliam-Wilda, The Phan
tom. Discharged, ch. f. by imp. Balgowan-
Parole, b. f. by Imp. Balgowan-Jennle McFar
lin. b. c. by imp. Foul Shot-Rebecca Paniquo,
The Fog. ch. f. by imp. Crichton-Nellie Bell,
ch. c. by imp. Charaxus-Ethie. b. ! f. by Gov
ernor Foraker-Queen Bird, br. c. by St. Flor
!an-Florimore. ch. c. by imp. Brutus-Playful,
Gorgalite, Silicon. .
Black Dick. Sweet Tooth, Frangible, Argregor,
MacGyle, Red Path, Brutal/All Green, Bangor,
Favonius, My Gypsy, Scotch Plaid, Arthur
Ray, Corriente. J. Doherty,' Rio Shannon,
Goldcne. Frank Kenney, Barbara Freitchie,
Plan, Sir Lewis, Sir Tom Tidier, Flying Tor
pedo. Landseer, Yellow Tail, Formero, Antolee,
Vesuvian, Andrisa, Beau Ormonde, Edgardo,
Varro. Janice, Watercure, imp. Royal Flush,
Autolight. The Fretter, Rushnelds, Imperious,
John McGurk. Sol I Lichtenstein, Nones, Obia,
Icicle. Constellator, The Pride, Greenock, Joe
Frey, Ordnung, Forte, Schwarzwald, Greyfeld,
Colonel Roose\elt, Marshall Neil, Edna Brown,
Arbaces. Picador, Siddons, Sea Lion, Eonic.
$10,000; the Burns hapdicap; to be run Sat
urJay, February 15, 1UU2; one mile and a
Quarter — Diderot, Lai Goleta, Paul CliCord.
Black Dick, Sweet Tooth, Lady Sterling, Fran
pible. Argregor, Toddy, Red Path, Brutal, All
Uretn, Bangor, Favonius, Scotch 'Plaid, Cor
rigan, San Nicolas, My Gypsy, Arthur Ray,
Corriente, Rio Shannon, .Goldone, Frank Ken
ny, Barbara Freitchie, Plan, Racetto, Sir
Lewis. Sir Tom Tiddler Flying Torpedo. Ha
ererdon. Yellow Tail, Limelight, Vesuvian, Syl
van Lass, Tempo, Articulate. Beau Ormoude,
Horton Tanrigo, Bathos, Watercure, Auto
light. imp. Royal Flush, The Fretter Rush
fields Imperious, John .McGurk. Sol Llchten-
Fiein," Nones, Obia, Constellator, The Pride.
Young Morello, Forte, Schwarzwald. Greenock,
Joe Frey, Bab Ordnung, Timemaker, Colonel
Roosevelt. , Greyfeld, Marshall Neil. Edna
Brown. Arbaces, Tillie' Andrews, Picador, Sid
dons, Morinel, Sunello, Kalos, Rey Dare, Sea.
Lion. Eonic.
$5UOO added; Western Produce stakes. Five
furlongs. Statement of value of stake. Janu
ary l, 1302. Moneys received by Western Turf
Association and San Francisco Jockey Club,
and conveyed to New California Jockey Club — ¦
First payment. $5 each, nomination (136 at $5,
?e«0); second payment. $25 each qualification
<6T» at $25. $1725). Received by. the New Call- :
fornia Jockey Club — Third payment, ?75 each
qualification; starters, $125 each; to be added
by New California Jockey Club, $5000.
$.'1000; the Thornton stakes; to be run Sat
urday March 15; four miles — Lady Sterling,
Black IMck. Anthracite. Graylette. Frangible.
Tammany Chief, La Borgia. Ledaea. Bangor,
Commonwealth Attorney, M. S. Rothschild,
Whaleback. Flying Torpedo, Mont Eagle, Rey
del San Juan, Bedeck, Sea Sor.g. Vesuvian,
Watercure, Autolight. . Bohul, John McGurk,
OWa. Greenock. Forie, Colonel Roosevelt.
Greyfeld, Picador, Siddons, Lizzella, Bab,
Ths»j-n*>.
$:JOOO; the California Derby; to be run Sat
urday, March 1, 1902; one mile and a quarter —
Magi Jarretif-rre d'Or. Achilles, Cruzados, Es
calante, El Chihuahua, Lady Sterling, The
Giver. Mythrox. Jingler. Ifihtar. Blackthorn,
Corrigan. Doreen, Rosewar, San Nicholas,
Fhell Mount. Pirate Maid, Senator Bruce. Ar
thur Ray. landseer. Yellowstone. Prestonian,
Marelio, Bob Crawford, Redart. Milas, El Ba
ro, Illowaho,' Remelo. Axminster, Dandy.
Ifomes-tead. Sombrero, Rameses. Old England,
Discovery, Montoya. Carlo, Kin« Richelieu,
T>rart Swift. Sol Lichtenstein. John Peters,
Commissioner Forster. Schwarzwald, Baldo,
1-ernur, Royalty. Phllo Jacoby. Divina, Water
pcratch. The ' Weaver, Flourish.
S2Ti00: the California Oaks; to be run Sat
urday, February 8. 1902; one mile and a fur
long — Magi. Inocencla. Lady Sterling. Doreen.
Rosewar, Ishtar. Parizade. Pirate Maid, Matir.
Bell, Rubus, Knocking*. Sirene. Cygna. Ros
arie. Swift Light. Minen-a. Sister Jeanie,
Noni». Snowberry. Hallmetta. Muresca. Malas
pina, Arigato. Colonial Girl, Dulcimer, Buzzer,
Keterneil, Satchel. Oratossa. Divina, Phyllis,
Okurte.
$2500; thr Waterhouse handicap: to be run
ouring the month of April: two miles — Diderot,
Black Dick. Frangible. Tammany Chief. La
Borgia. Ledaea, Anthracite, Graylette. Brutal.
>H Green. Bangor, Favonius, My Gypsy, Rio
Shannon. Frank Kenny. -Plan, Commonwealth's
Attorney, M. L. Rothschild, Flying Torpedo,
Golden Grain. Rey del San Juan, Sea Song,
VpFuvian, imp. Royal Flush. Watercure, Auto
light. Rufijiflelds. Borml. John McGurk, Nones.,
Obia, Greenock. Forte, Expedient. Colonel
Roosevelt, Greyfeld. Marshall Nell. Picador,
SiddonE. Lizzella, Bab.
$2300; the -Palace Hotel handicap; to be run
Saturday, February 22. 1902; one mile and a
furlong — G*walne, Magi. Diderot, Jarretiere
d'Or, Lo' Goleta. Lady Sterling, Paul Clifford,
The entries to the Epring stakes of the
New California Jockey Club were made
public yesterday. All filled beyond the
rr.ost sanguine expectations, which is a
cicst gratifying result to the racing of
ficials. The $10,000 Burns handicap, to be
run on February 15, attracted seventy
four nominations. The Thornton stake, at
four miles, to be run on March 15, has
thirty-two nominations. The complete lisi
iollows:
RICH BURNS HANDICAP
ATTRACTS A BIG ENTRY
Ten Thousand Dollar Stake Closes With
Seventy-Four Nominations.
The tip on Alicia to take the final. mile
and a quarter selling affair seemed gen
eral, .and the mare made good. Played
from 4 to equal favoritism 'with Sunelio,
she disposed of Darlene at the wire with
apparent ease. Sunello quit af,ter leading
for a mile. ¦ .¦¦ . :.: .{:. -^
Everything in the horse line that won
was backed until the bloated looking coin
pouches of the bookies crossing the bay,
resembled Indiana flapjacks on the, re
turn to this side. Every. winner, with the
exception of Bell Reed", was a favorite, j
: Winnie O'Connor '" returned :- : from' • his
ranching tour fb Sacramento looking like
a hayseed and with good luck written all
over his serene countenance.. He piloted
Autolight to victory in - the New ;'. Year
handicap and did two other ' clever stunts
that made him. the ') hero of the exer
cises. Then, too, the first "baby" race of
the year, captured by Bell: Reed, aroused
much interest, resulting, in | the downfall
of Green Morris' JlO.OjW beauty; Artvis.
Beaten, but by no means disgraced,, it' is
a Bank of England note to a counterfeit
dollar, that the big fellow ¦ will slam the
door in the 'faces of the two that led him
out next time they meet. \ . - "
Thure were but seven starters J in , the
handicap, which was worth 51600 to the
winner and was decided over one mile
and a furlong. Autolight, carrying top
weight with Vesuvian, was installed an
8 to 5 favorite on his class and this price
prevailed throughout. About : the - only
plunge made on an outsider was that on
The Fretter, a 92 pounder, whose price
was forced from 10 down to 5. With
scarcely a perceptible delay, "Jake" Holt
man sent the Held away to a perfect start,
Varro and Rosormonde acting as pace
makers. Before reaching the stretch Red
fern, on The Fretter, had tacked on : to
the front ¦ position and O'Connor, had
moved ud' with the favorite. Gradually
O'Connor mowed down The Fretter's lead
with the brown horse, . finally winning
about all out by less than a length, with
Vesuvian at their saddle skirts. It was a
popular win aiv*: O'Connor received, well
merited applarje for his effort. '
Tommy Burns started in the year by
putting Royalty over the plate, winner of
the mile three-year-old event. The Sink
entry closed equal favorite with Landseer
and won easily, after Cathello had made
the pace to the stretch. Larry. Wilt, a 20
to 1 outsider, dropped along in time to
beat Landseer a neck for the place. ¦
Next came the kindergarten sprint, with
twelve baby racers facing,: • the V; barrier.
Artvis, the giant Goldfinch-Memento colt,
closed favorite, backed from: 4*to a 2. The
winner turned up in Bell Reed,, a chestnut
colt by Captive, and 6, to 1". in: the ring,
which won easily .from Amoruna,*: the
Burns & Waterhouse entry. Quicker, to
get away, the- others outbroke the favorite
and at the head of the stretch his -chance,
of getting through looked dim. By clever
piloting though O'Connor; did get a small
piece of the plum pudding.
Sombrero, the strapping - chestnut ¦ colt
from Green Morris' -stable, took the Santa
Rosa handicap at six furlongs in swing-:
ing fashion. He carried 116 pounds and
after O'Connor had waited on. Sister
Jeanie and Legal Maxim to the stretch
went on, winning by three lengths in
1:13. Magi outgained Escalante, getting
the place by more, than a length. Botany
was left at the post. : ¦ - • •
Matt Hogan laid low quite an aggrega
tion of sprinting talent in the fifth event.
With Bulimaain the saddle the Wagner
gelding was always prominent, eventually
leading out Saul of Tarsus two lengths .
Cousin Carrie quit after leading to the
stretch. .
The betting ring -was jammed to the
uncomfortable point with speculators, big
and little. And perhaps \ the" memory, of
this huge holiday throng will not linger
long in the memory of most of the layers
of odds.
AN inkling '; . of rain conveyed
through gloomy lowering clouds
. that threatened to . usher in .the
new year with unpropitious rac
ing weather did not in j the ; least
dampen the ardor of: thousands of local
and Oakland turf admirers yesterday,; for
the banner crowd of' the season , flocked
to the track over the- bay. s The spacious
grand stand ; was "filled from end to end,
the fair sex predominating.
AUTOLIGHT, PILOTED BY O'CONNOR,
FIRST FOR THE NEW YEAR HANDICAP
Redfern on The Fret!er\Is, Second, Beaten Less Than a Length.
| BeH Reed Takes the First T^^ Scramble, With the
Favorite, Artvis, Third-~Great ¦ Crowd Present and r Books Lose
THE CALL'S RACING FROM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBACZ— Wednesday^ Jan: i.— Weather, fine. Track fast. >
3071. 'FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three.-year-olds; Rvalue? to- first, ;$325.-' • -
-'¦ : ' ' -' I :¦¦ - :.-.-¦ '• ' ..- .,¦ i . .. ~~~. ¦ '.. . •¦•¦/.- ¦ ',-.• I -.. TTT '-¦'¦¦> •¦¦¦¦¦! ¦:-¦¦¦ ¦¦¦-¦¦-I- Betting.
Index jHorsc . and Weight.|St. : ' Yi- %¦ Str. Fin: I Owner.and Jockey. V I Op- CL
3057 Royalty ..."...... II3I 1 42 4 Yi' 1 n .12 > W. B. ' Sink Jr. .T. Burns r 2 9-5
;30«l| Larry; Wilt. ......110 6 5 2 •'•." 6 2 , 6 5 2 n' T. H. Stevens. :.Troxler .; .-¦- 8 20
rfObl Landseer ........109 3 3 2 -2 h 2 1 - 3 2 : Ezell"& Lazarus.. Brkrth ¦ 8-0 8-5
§2°9^ Sir .Lewis .¦.:...;. 118 2. 2 2 " 3 2:: 4 1 4 4 :i M. J. Daly. .'..-. .J. : Daly .4 ,6
rf005 . Cathello ........ .107 4 12 1 1 3 1 5 2 J. L. Clayton & Co.Rnch -» 8 ¦
29<« Tufts .-.107 5-~7 7 6 4 6 4: C. W^Cbappell.V. Stuart "15 100
3040 .........— 105 7.6 3 6 4.7- 7 : B. Schreiber. .. Buchanan 8 16
Time— 44, , :25?4 1 Vtl :51; i%, 1:16% ; mlle.V 1:42%. yi Good start. . : "Won >. easily. : Second and
' third driving. Winner. IV. B. Sink Jr 's b. ; g. Cby ¦ Cavalier-Empress of - Burns
wa w e v, wlth Royalty and ; then won wlien . ready. ¦';-. Larry Wilt - closed strong. „¦;• Lanuseer
Jaj the Lewis; cut j'^J^headofs^etclK^^^^^^^^^^^.,^^
3072. ;SECOND RACE— Three furlongs; twb-year-bldB;;value to' first. $325. 17 : *r- '
• '¦..--.¦.• >¦¦•.¦¦- .--. ~~ ~ ~~~^7- . , - , • . T ~ . . . .. , • . ¦ .-. - ..¦ ;; ¦, •, Betting. .
Index Horso and ¦ .Weight. St. V- %;:. %. : - Str.' = Fin. Owner and Jockey/ Op. CL
.... Bell Reed,.;;.:..113 4 I...:.'... 11- 13 ' W.: L.; Stanfleld. Jackson 5 ¦¦, .] 9
..;; Amoruna. ¦.'... .. ..110 3 • ... ... 2 1 2 2 -: : Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 2 4
...; Artvls. ......... .113 8 ...-, ... 6 1 ".'. 8 1% : G. B. Morris... O'Connor ": 2 2
-;-..•¦;¦ Venecia .........110 T ... . ... 4 h ; 43-. E.J.Bldwn & Co. McGinn B 10
....: Past Master...... 113 2 ... ... '.' 3 % 6 %: Chlnn &• Fomythe. Burns 6 12
.... Arabo ......113 8 ;.. ... 6 1 0% W.B.Jenngs & Co.J.Wds ,, 8 13
..... Dotterel- ....110 1 ...... 7 7 1 T. H.: Stevens. Buchanan 8 15
...... Puos In Boots.... 110 10 ... ., ... 8 1 8M A.. Josephs... Birkenruth -.. 4 10
.... Clarlnette ...... .110 6 ...'... 9 1 . 02 Burlingame S.F.Troxler .. 10 15 ;
; ... Prince Eugene.. :113 5 ...: •.... 10 2 10 2 M. Allmon... ......Hoar 4 15
.... Little Margaret .'.110 11 ... - ...Ml 11 Caesar Young.... Mounce 8 40 ~
.... Hudson... ..113Left... ...:... B. Schrelber. . ..Bullman 20 20
Time— Yi.' :23%; %, :30%. Good start. .Won easily.' Second and third driving. Winner.
¦/ vv. L. , Stanfleld'sch. c. by Captive -Miss ; Gentry.', Artvis. slow away from : the .-.: barrier.
: Amonuia. is speedy. Winner pegged along- like an aged horse. "^ Prince . Eugene fast, but •
. very nervous. ¦¦¦^:~/ ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ .-• :¦'¦¦' ''.'¦¦i:.-"'-K\ .'¦- ¦.•>,-¦- ¦¦ ¦:-¦'¦¦ ...'-.: ,••¦ $;. ..- ••".
3073. -THIRD ; RACE— Six furlongs; Santa Rosa" handicap; ; three-year-olds; ' to first, $400.
.;--:¦¦ "I'-- -\- *':¦--: -¦• ¦ . I I •,-¦-.. I Bettln*.
IndexlHorse and -.Weight.] St. %..%.' Str. Fin.: Owner and Jockey. Op. CU "
3019 I Sombrero ;.:*...... 116 1 S 2 3 n ln'4 3 ' G." B. Morris... O'Connor 6-8 1
3057 Magi . :...'. .. 09 5 6 . 5 5 2 1% W.'E. 1 Applegate. ..Hoar 5 ':. 7
3039 Escalante . ....... 102 4 4 h>; 4 1% 3 h 3 1% E.J.Bldwn & Co. McGinn . 8 7-2
3035 Legal Maxim.'.... 85 3 2 1- 2 2 4 14 2 H. L. Jones & Co.Redfrn 10 15
3039 Sister Jeanie. 106 2- 111 h 2 n 5 ' W.B.Jenngs & Co.J.Wds 8 6
3057 Botany .....;.... iQ6|Left ............ E. E. Edwards -Buchnan ' 6 6
Time— 1 A,*:24%; %,.:4S^ ; 94, i:i3.i Good start except Botany. Won easily. Second and
rthird driving. : Winer, r G. B. Morris' ch. c. •. by Star Ruby-La ToqueraV Sombrero much the
. ¦ best. ¦ Magi caught . the ¦ tiring Escalante. Maxim' outclassed. Sister Jeanie gave it up.
.. Botany a bad actor ¦;.;• • " /.¦¦ .- , ' '
3074. ¦ FOURTH RACE-^-iy& miles; New Year hdcp'.; 3-yr-olds and up; value to first, $1600.
"< ¦•¦-*¦.¦) "' ;: ¦¦':¦¦•;•¦¦ ',?¦•¦'--%'. ¦- I ¦•"••.¦-5 ¦ ¦ •;• •.. •¦<¦¦ ¦*::¦ [ ¦ ¦ '] ;- . I Betting.
IndexlHorse, -Age, WelghtlSt. ,%. Str. . Fin. : Owner and Jockey. . Op. CL
3058 Autolight, 4....:. 116 7 7 7 2*n 1 % ' G. B. Morris. .O'Connor ' 8-5 8-5
305<3 The ¦ Fretter 6. . . 92 4 4 2 3 2 1 h '.{.2 % F. J. O'Raurke.Redfern 10 5
3038 Vesuvlan. 6.. .. ..116 2 5 1 4n 4 1 3% Jennings & Co. J. Woods 3 18-5
3056 Rio Shannon, 5.. 98 6 6 3 6h 3 1 ¦ '4 1% J. Coffey. ...... .Jackson 7 12
3063 Varro, 4:........ 93 3 1-1% 2 1 6h 5 1 G.~ W. Miller. Waterbury 5 12
.3063 Greyfeld, 6....;.. 104 1 3 h 5 % 7 6 2 B. A. Smith. ..Buchanan 4 11-2
(3063) Rosormonde. a... 98 5 2 h ', X % 5 % 7 " Pueblo Stable. :;.Ransch '6 12
Time— %,,:13r Y*., :25; %, :50: %. 1:15%; m:."l:41^; 1% m., 1:53. Good start. Won first
(three driving. Winner, G.B.. Morris': br.h. '.by 'Autocrat-Silver Light.' Class of Autolight
'told at the end. ,; The Fretter enjoyed dear sailing - for . once. Vesuvlan bothered some In
stretch."-.' Shannon closed strong. ~> Greyfeld has suspicious underpinning. , Varro out footed. .
Rosormonde gave it /up. Scratched — Goal Runner OO^Andrisa 104. •
3075. ¦* FIFTH^ RACE— Six furlongs ; selling ; four- year-olds and up ; value to first. $325. '
¦ - ¦¦ ¦'.¦'.•¦•. : ;- •.'•-.¦¦..••¦• ,.¦ : ¦.;¦,-¦. "¦¦¦¦': •'>¦¦¦'¦.:¦¦:>'¦'¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ '¦' Bettlnir.
Index Horse. Age.. Weight. St. V»._ %. Str. Fla.; Owner and Jockey. - Op. CL
3034 Matt Hogan. 6. .110 1 .3 2 2 % ' 1 n 1 2 Magrane & Co.. Bullman ¦ 3 5-2
3053 Saul of Tarsus, 5.104 5 2 h 3 1 2 n 2 3 S. McNaughton.T. Burns 6 10
. 303C Orleans, 4.\.v... ,n.O2 3 "8 1 8 1 6 1 ¦ 3 h ¦' ; J. Burrows Buchanan 6 ' -7
3002 Dunblane. 5...".. .110 6 62 7h 4h 4h Jennings & Co.J. Woods ,10 15
(3016) Cousin Carrie, - 4. 99 2 11^12 ,3 2 5 1 G." Burgess. .....;.. Hoar 3. 5'
3063 El Oriente, 4.....104 12* 12 . 10 1 8 1. 6 1 E.- J. Baldwin... McGinn 10 20
2990. Native. 5.... .....107 10 " 9h -6 1 6 1 71 ' W., H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 6 5
,3027 Impromptu, 4.... 110 9 10 3 9 h : 9 2 8 2 Montana Stable. .Brknrh 5 5
: 3051 Ben Ledi.' 6. . . . . .102 4 5 h 4 h 7 % 9 10 G. W. Scott... Winslette . 10 20
2664 Nettie Clark, 5... 105 7 71 11 1 10 .10 3 P. E. Smith.... Troxler 50 200
'2974 Nona B, a... ....102 8 4 h 8 % 11 11 6' J. E. Abbott .Ransch 10 40
2475 iBathos. 5. ... .. .V.110]ll 11 Yx 12 12 12 ' |J. J. Moran..... Red fern | 10 30
Time— Yi, =24^1; Yi. :48%;>%. 1:13?4. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and;thlrd driving.
¦•- Winner, , W. . P.' Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by Wagner-Miss Hight. .- Winner best. Saul of Tar
¦ . sus ran a corking good race. Orleans late in" getting up. Native better in the mud. Im
-. promptu a mean actor and oft" poorly. Scratched — Hungarian 107. .
3076. SIXTH RACE— l J /4 miles; selling; four"- year- old3 and up; value to first,- $325.
) "^T"" I '•"'• ¦ , > ¦' ' ¦ ¦ ¦'.¦¦¦•¦.'. ¦•¦¦'¦ ¦ -. , - - ¦ ~~~ ': Betting.
IndexlHorse. Age, Weight. |St. -Yt. Yi. Str. , Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op., CL'
3064 lAlicla, a. ¦'.'. '; . . . .M04 6". 3 n ' 4 1 • 3 1 11% P. Moore ..Ransch 4 ' 9-5
2952 Darlene, • 4... ....-96 2. >2 2 -2 2 'In 2 2 Dr. H. E. Rowell.Jcksn 8 8
3060 Plead,. 4.....'....; 99 4 5 3'; 3n 4 2 -3 n, J. Rothert.... ..Redfern : 2 5-2
(3055) Sunello,' 5... 106 Ilnln2h4%, M.. Storn. .. ..Birkenruth 9-5 9-5
3064 Kastaine, 6. ...,.101 6 6 6 6 . .6 2 >; K. M. Borchert. Ransom 12 20
3064 Compass, 4. ......102 3 4% 5% 5 1 6 ; James Wilson. .'.McGinn 10 15
Time — Y\, :25; %, :50; %. 1:16; m., l:42;lJ.itm., 2:08. Good start. : Won easily. Second
and third driving." Winner. P. Moore's ch. m. by Malcolm-Viney. Alicia best. Darlena
- well ridden. Plead could not get up. .Sunello quit at a mile.
THE SAN FB!ANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. JANUARY 2. 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ It j should t be E understood I and ' constantly
borne In, mind. that to restore tRe hearing
and silence the distracting | noises a ; treaty
me-nt is required that ;Will allay, inflammar'
tioii!in i the | eustachian! tubes, reduce 'the
congestion: and ! swelling, and stop the .; se-,
cretion'. of . mucus > so i. that the : tubes will
i be and - keep open '. for the f ree ' passage of
air i into ? the middle ; ear. i No - locally ,j ap-.
plied" medicine ? .will V^ effectually., do r : this,
only ¦ a | searching constitutional alterative
and resolvent .will" 1 cure : catarrh ; In tne
deep recesses of .the head. ¦ ,' ¦ , •-¦;; y.-}i
¦ " Two '¦¦ acquaintances s of ¦ the , writer . were
run ; down and s killed' by' the • cars • in one
• year. : -; Both; had '- catarrh ' of ;,.' the -' head,
iwhich'' had extended tup \the . : eustachian
tubes,' leading from the, throat. to, the mid-:
; die I ear,* and , were- quite ) hard -of | hearing.-
In , both : cases i the i coroner' s 5 j ury i decided
that they > came s to : their i death ibecause i of
inability^ to i hear > and ¦ heed ! signals that
¦ In nearly every case of partial or com:
plete i deafness . there is ri another '-; feature
that to many is more troublesome „ than
the ¦ difficulty; of ; , hearing-tho : distracting
head noises. :, These make \ such r an '¦. im-
pression on some as. to almost drive them
insane. ;;. The 'everlasting, buzzing. ?> ring-
ing, snapping, rumble: or. roar: distracts
them by,, day £ and: prevents rest at night.';.,
; Nine cases out ofjten of head noises and
progressive \ hardness of < hearing f are s due
to catarrh of ¦ the middle ear or of the tube
leading ; from 1 it j to '.the throat. ',/,
Impairment of hearing robs one of many
of | the joys of life. I exposes to danger, •? in-
terferes v with capacity w for ; usefulness,
limits "ability '; to i transact -business; and
earn ! a living; i Many annually: abandon
their plans, ambitions and ; hopes ; on ! ac-
count of loss of hearing. 1 '-;,. ' . .: . '_''. ¦'',.-
;. Army, Surgeon C. S.; Beverly became- so
deaf from ; catarrh -that , he was , forced : to
resign : his ' position , and . abandon • his pro-
fession.' M He • says : ¦-: ;,"Ot j course i * my,; in-
herent pr9f essional prejudice . was hard to
OYercome.'.but knowing of ( the greatbene-
fit " you • had • received; my * dear > General,
through the use of, Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, • I - usedUhem.^ -, The great and > almost,
immediate ' relief I ; experienced , was i truly
astonishing. >\ I am now entirely^cured an<l
have ' no fear, of the ! disease returning 'I
go back to my. old' post next month."
¦:¦ Stuart's Catarrh Tablets have done it
fio l do ! It, ' will ; do it.' *aTry n them v and be
convinced.^ They .are for.sale at any.drug
store | at i 50 . cents a .box. u; It vwill s put : you
ito ' very i little troublefor \ expense to , prove
,what they,will do for; you. t Send 'to F. 'Ai
Stuart "• Company,* /Marshall,"! Mich:,: for
.their.: free I book * about ; catarrh. . A : postal
card will bring.it.- .^Vrlte to-day.
That' Stuart's "Catarrh Tablets- do : ef-
fectually i cure i catarrh « of the » eustachiari
tubes and : the head noises and deafness
resulting therefrom Is attested by. the fol-
lowing:. ," K . h . >
.7. Mrs., Jane Barlow, the famous modiste
says: , VI -finally had to: give up personal
attention . to my . customers, f and In conse-
quence many of ; them ;went else^where I
was in despair for specialists seemed pow-
erless ; to • help me. .:• Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets ; cured me ; in just * a ¦ . little . while ; so
completely ; that : now I ; hear as - well -t as
ever.".-:;-:..' :. ¦ ¦ . ..; .•-• -..-¦.. .-..¦¦¦
were intended for them.' What happened
to , them i3 of = frequent occurrence • and in
three . cases out of. four might have . been
preventedby .the use of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets. These .: tablets . cure all kinds - of
catarrh: They, can be bought in any drue
storefor 50 cents a. box. r . ' r -: :
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
2— Reserve Fund, Actual
Value ...............:... 3.131.4S8.2S
Total Liabilities ..$53,894.490.11
The Hibernla Savings and Loan So- .
ciety,
By JAMES R KELLY, President.
The Hibernia ' Savings and Loan So-
ciety,
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
State of California, ? c _
City and County of San Francisco. S w *,
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT .1.
TCBIN, being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: That
said JAMES R. KELLY is President,
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN is
Secretary of THE HIBERNIA SAV-
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Cor-
poration above mentioned, and that the
foregoing statement is true.
JAMES R. KELLY, President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and Sworn to before me
this 2d day of January, 1902.
GEO. T. KNOX, Notary Public.
In and for. the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California.
ROOFlNllSiATE.
We are prepared to furnish unexcelled black,
'also cray, rooflxur slate, manufactured at our
quarries In El Dorado County. We Invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate.
¦ On application full information will ba fur-
nished Intending builders.
EUREKA SLATE CO.
Room 13. Second Floor. Mills Buildinr.
San Francisco. Cal. ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc Steamers leave Broadway
[Bfc^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
I tftP^Vw. For Alaskan port3 — 11 a.
£KJSg!V_ m., Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 28.
t*C&K!vl??l sl « Feb - 5 - Change to eom-
1^582 \raa pany'8 steamers at Seattle.
#ic»§ir9"»iaa For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
c -)> Port ToTvnsend. Seattle,
Or .^^mWWl Tacoma. Everett and New
•**••% Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. in..
Jan 1 8, 11, ''IB. 21. 20, 31. Feb. 5. Changs
at Seattle r to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N P Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 2. T. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1. -
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lot An-
Ke i eS ) — steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays 9 a. ro.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). (Gaviota. Bonita only),
Panta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. East San
Pedro. San Pedro (Newport, Bonita only).
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Meat.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain th« com- ",
pany'8 folders. ' ' .
The company reserves the right to chang*
cteamers. sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFJCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PBBKINS & CO., On. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
-—TO—
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful "Winter Trip. Only $60. Includ-
ing Meals and Berth. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Steamer Curacao, sailing from San
Francisco January 7th, due back January 27th,
will call at the following Mexican ports: En-
senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo.
Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa. Roar lla and
Guaymas.
For further particulars Inquire at Ticket
Office. No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 10
Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at.
Kobe (HIokq). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
ES. AMERICA MARU I
...............Saturday; January 4th. 1909 -
6S. HONGKONG MARU
" ¦;.. Thursday. January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 23th, 1903
, Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ W. Tt. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HZW YOBS, SOUTHAMPTON, LONSQN, PASIS,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Zeeland ........ Jan. FASt. Paul .......Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. 15 St. Louis Feb. 3
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22 1 Philadelphia ..Feb. 13
RED STAR LINE./
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Zeeland Jan. 8[Vaderland Jan. 2A
Frlesland Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. 8
South wark ....Jan. 22 1 Zeeland Feb. 12
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM- NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Slid Americana de Vapores*
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. . Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
trd 3, pier 10, 22 m..
SANTIAGO Jan. 8 [GUATEMALA. Feb. 13
rUCAPEL. . . . .Jan. , 23 iPALENA . .'
.These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, "318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, l KS t
TO NEW YORK: VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. 140; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll ' sails Tuesday, dan. 21
S. S. Leelanaw calls .Monday, Feb. 3
«>. 8. Argyll - satin Monday. Map. 3
" . From .' Howard-street whart at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 130 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coa»t Agent
AnaanlJ> CT C I* A HMVA "> SA)(0A < A -*
flceanicssxth s ffis
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ........
........ i . ... Saturday, Jan. 4. '02. 2- p. m,
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
....¦- .............About Jan. 10. '.'03
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
', > .land and Sydney.. Thurs.. Jan. 16. 10 a. m.
i. D.SPdEGXELS k BHOS. CO., Banerai Agents, 32? Market 31
tan'l PEsengsp Of.fe, 643 Market St., Hsr Kg. 7. PaciSc St
C0MPAGNI3 BENESAT.^ TRANSATLASTIQCi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS , "
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. irWiBTflag
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $-13 and upward. GENERAL,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildlnc). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
Steainen GEN. FRI5BIS or MONTICELD
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m..' except Sun-
day/Sunday." 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. rn. Faro 5U
cents. TeleDhone Main IZOH. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. * ' ¦ ¦ -
THE WEgY CALL
¦ 3>1 Jpe>r Year.
/ AJVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
*.- .; . : — OF THEr— ' •
CONDITION AND VALUE
I OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
' OF— ¦
THE HIBERNIA
.SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY,
A CORPORATION,
And where said Assets are situated,
dated December 31, 1901.
¦ ASSETS. , "- . i
1— Promissory Notes and /
I the debts thereby • secured,
the actual value of which
is .........;....... .... . .$23,083,546.28
The 'condition of said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Contracts,
owned by said Corporation,
and are payable to it at its
Office, which is situated at
the Corner of Market, Mc-
/Allister and Jones Streets,
¦in the City and County of
San Francisco, State: of
California, and the pay-
ment thereof , is secured by.
First Mortgages on Real
Estate within this State,
and the • States of Oregon
and . Washington. Said
Promissory Notes are kept
and held "by said Corpora-
tion' at 'its said . Office,
which is its principal place
of business, and said notes ,
and debts are there situ-
ated..
2—^Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby secured,
the actual value of which "; ! ."v
is .:........ 263,500.00
The condition . of ; said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They .
are all existing. Contracts,.
1 owned by said Corporation,
and are payable to it at its .
Office, which is situated as
aforesaid, , and the pay-
ment thereof is secured by
"Northern Railway. Com-
pany of California 5 per
' cent- Bonds," "Southern
Pacific Railroad Company
of California 6 per cent
Bonds," "San Francisco
and San . Joaquin Valley
Railway Company 5 per
cent Bonds," '"Market
Street Railway Company
First Consolidated Mort-
gage 5 per ,cent Gold *' .
Bonds," "Park and Cliff
House Railway Company 6
per cent Bonds," "Spring
Valley Water Works First
Mortgage 6 ; •¦ per cent
Bonds," "Spring Valley
Water Works Second
Mortgage 4 per cent
Bonds" and "Pacific Gas
Improve m e n t - Company
First Mortgage 4 per cent
Bonds," the market value
of alii said Bonds being
$313,070.00. Said Notes are
kept and held by said Cor-
poration at its said Office,
and said Notes and Bonds
are there situated.
3— Bonds of the United
States, the actual value of
which is;...:.:.............. 21.512,405.54
The condition . of said • - -'->^
Bonds is as follows:, They
belong to said Corporation,
and are kept and held by
it in its own Vaults and
are there situated. - .
'¦ They are. "Registered 4
per cent of 1907 ($18,500,-
000.00) and 4 per cent of
1925 ($1,000,000.00) and 3 per
cent- of .1908 ($500,000.00)
United States Bonds'* and
are payable only to the or-
der of said Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous Bonds, the
actual value of which is... 5,313,320.83
The condition of said
Bonds is as follows: They
belong to said Corporation,
and are . kept and held by
it in its own Vaults and
. are there situated. They
are "Market Street Cable
Railway Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($1,006,000.00,"
"Market. Street Railway
Company ' First Consoli-
dated Mortgage 5 per cent
Bonds ($339,000.00," "Sut-
ter Street Railway Com-
pany 5 p.er 'cent Bonds
$150,000.00),'" "'Powell Street
Railway Company 6 per
cent Bonds- ($50,000.00),"
"The Omnibus Cable Com-
pany. 6 per cent Bonds
($82,000.00)," "Presidio and
Ferries Railroad Company
6 per cent Bonds ($30,-
000.00)," ."Northern Rail-
way Company of Califor-
nia 6 per cent Bonds'($555,-
000.00)," "San Francisco '?
and North Pacific Railway
Company 5 per cent Bonds
($388,000.00),'' "Southern Pa-
Viiflc Railroad Company*: of
: California 6 per cent Bonds
($786,000.00)," "West Shore ' •
Railroad Company of New
York 4 , per cent Bonds
. ($77,000.00)," "Spring Val-
ley Water- Works First
Mortgage 6 per cent Bonds
($78,000.00)." "Spring Val-
; ley Water Works Second
Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds
($462,000.00)," "Spring Val-
ley Water Works Third
Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds
($860,000.00)" and "City of
. San Luis Obispo 5 per cent
Bonds ($22,600.30)."
5— Interest on Miscellaneous
Bonds' accrued to January
1, 1902......;.. 96,314.86
6— (a) Real Estate situated
in the City and County of
San Francisco ' ($640,200.64)
and 1 in the Counties of
: Santa " Clara - ($248,676.00) , :
Alameda ($176,462.30) and ¦».
San Mateo ($29,234.96), . in "
¦ this State,, the actual value
of which is .... t . . v . : . : . . . . . ¦, 1.094,573.30
v (b) The land . and build-
ing, in which said Corpora-
tion keeps its said -Office. ,
the actual value . of which . v
is ....••••••••••••¦"••••••••• 570,335.82
.The* -condition of said •
Real Estate is that it be- ;
longs i to said Corporation,
and part of it is produc- •
Mlve. , ¦ ¦ '¦ ' ; . - :-'¦'- - : ¦ V .
7_ Proportion . of Taxes for
the Fiscal Year. 1901-1902
chargeable to ; next half
year ................ . . . : 38.860.0S
8— Cash in '.United : States
Gold and Silver Coin, be- .
longing to : said
tlon;Tand in; its possession,
and situatedat its said.Of-
fice,. Actual Valued .V. : . . . . .• . 1,921.642.43
! Total Assets .....:.. .... $53,894,499.14
LIABILITIES. ~ "
1— Said . Corporation owes .
Deposits amounting *o and '
the actual value of which '
Is : - ........ . : - - . . . . >- ... .... $50,763,010.5
¦ -¦:'¦ The A condition of said
Deposits "1 is - that they are '
payable, only out of '.said
Assets ! and are fully se- *
cured thereby.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gured— 32 Years of
Awful Pile Agony-
sioux Falls, S. D., Feb. . 18,* 1901.
"For 32 years -I . suffered constantly
from protruding piles and finally had- to
abandon my trade of stone-mason. - Four
months ago I begran using Pyramid Pile
Cure, and before I* had used up one 50c
box the disease had entirely disappeared
and there Is no sign of its ever, returning.
1 am completely cured. F 1 .: Capps." 216 N.
Minnesota ave." Sold by all druggists,
60c a box. Book, "Piles,. Causes .and
Cure," mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co.",
Marshall. Mich. .
Advebtisements.
jSt0^d&^*m REST FftR THF Hft WPl
\^^^^j^^yTT . i CATHARTIC
GUARANTEED CURE for efl bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath/bad
i blood- wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, inoigestion, pimpies,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion and dizziness.- When your _bowels
don't move regularly you ere sick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases
together. It is a starter for the chronic ailments and long, years of suffering that come
afterwards. No matterwhat ails you, start taking CASCARETS today, for you will never
get well and be well all the time until you put your bowels right. Take our advice, start ,
with Cascarets today under an absolute guarantee *to cure or meney refunded. Sampio
and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 50a.
" The greatest train across the conti nent High \ speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mada it th; most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A* M.
City Ticket Office ,641 Market St,¦ AUGUSTA, iGa.',"' Jan.'. 1."— The , flood : in . the
Savannah ; River : to-day covers : the i lowlands on
the i South s Carolina", side opposite ! this city, v A
negro boy>was drowned last tilgnt ¦ by 'the over
turning of. a. -wagon on a road near the river. /
PORTLAND. "Or., Jan/,1.— The Board of
Education • to-day /decided that It \ had , no
power to compel vaccination and [ that - it
cannot exclude from ¦ the ; public achoola
children who refuse to be vaccinated.
Cannot Compel \ Vaccination.
¦ Wednesday, . January : 1.' .
Nor stmr Tellus,'. Pedersen, - 92 hours from
Cotnox. ¦¦ - - ' '• •• .-¦¦-¦-¦¦ •-..:!•.;.¦¦
vstmr Homer, 1 Donaldson, 28 hours; from Bu
reka. i. .¦'¦'-¦ ''¦-¦¦ ¦ '¦¦ '< -•• -'"¦ -¦¦ "-' - : -'. <•-.-¦
- : Stmr North Fork, - Fosen, 28 hours from Eu
reka. ' ¦ . '¦:•'¦¦¦ ¦¦ ' ', >.'¦"• . -'. ¦ ;.".-.
Btnir Edith. 'Hall, 0(J hours from Seattle, -.,
XATE SHIPPING' INTELLIGENCE;
ARRIVED.
' Victor Godeau, a sailor from a French
ship, v?as treated at . the Central; Emer
g-ency Hospital last nlcht for a severely
bruised head.' He fell . on - the Howard
street wharf. : The doctors at the hospital
fearthat he may have had his skull frac
tured. After hie mishap on the wharf
Godeau tumbled into the bay, but wae
immediately fished out.
• Accident to French Sailor.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 1.— AH' the ves
sels known to have been out in the storm
on Christmas day. along the North Pacific
coast are reported here as safe. There is
a possibility that the British ship Robert
Duncan, long- overdue from Liverpool to
the sound to load wheat, ¦ was in the
storm.'but so far her whereabouts is un
known. ¦.'..-¦¦¦¦; ' : --¦¦:."-.•¦;"—.¦ :¦:¦ -'-¦¦¦.•;
Only : One Vessel , Wow Overdue'.'
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 1.— Two - masked
men entered : Peter Nelson's ¦ saloon, near
the American River . bridge • early - this
evening, held up the bartender and ex
tracted $57 from the till. .Then they went
into a back room and' compelled the pro
prietor to give. up. $70 that; he had in -his
pocket; . The men escaped; to' this city. •
Masked Men Bald Saloon.
Leong loved Quay, and when the latter
resented his advances he kicked her. se
verely in a house at 25 Ross alley. Leon?
escaped and the woman died . two days
afterward. A rigid search was made for
the murderer, but without success. About
three months ago Captain Seymour
learned that he had been in Watsonvllle,
but at that place all trail was lost. Yes
terday Detectives ; Gibson and McMahon
were surprised to find the man walking
out of a house adjoining the one in which
the crime was committed, and they im
mediately placed him under arrest and
lodged him in the Central police station.
Louie Leongr, a Chinaman, was arrested
by Detectives Ed Gibson and George Mc-
Mahon in Ross alley yesterday afternoon
and will be charged with the brutal mur
der of Ah Quay, a Chinese woman, com
mitted three years ago. Leong- kicked. the
woman to death and has since eluded the
officers by remaining in the Interior of the
State. >.': ¦¦• . . .,- " : . .' :¦ -¦_'
Called to Account for
Brutal Crime. .
After Three Years Louie Leong-Is
ARRESTED FOR MURDER
OF A CHINESE WOMAN
1 We had ! only two shells left ; and- Were going
home.. Amos was walking ahead of us. i Les
ter Loveland, '¦ who • had I the • rifle, eaid to Amos :
"How woula> you like, to have me shoot you?"
Amos - ; turned around, •• laughed :-. and ' said : ;: , ' 'I
guess ' you' re joshing, '¦' •? ¦ Then the rifle went oft
and ;•[ Amos, ;' after "hollering, out,"- tumbled
down dead: ?^^Ssffl5^H^Sjji^^^t^^j§SfflBS
¦', Deputy Sheriff ; Taylor Investigated the
¦We -wire on Kast, Twenty-seventh' (street,
near Orchard. ' : "= I. -had', the -rifle.- We were go
ing ¦ home.i ;l>saW a bird ¦; on the fence and
took aim at it/ /Amos' was •standing in front
of me to the ; right." 'Just as IV wa 8 going to
shoot' Grover' JorgGrisen"? bumped into -me,*: jos
tled my arm* and accidentally turned the rifle
toward Amoa. H Before 1 1-. knew it . tjie I trigger
was'pulled and'I saw Amos Jump.', -He yelled:
: ''I'm • ehot I ~ : - I'm shot 1"; t> He • rstn i about , twenty
yards and dropped. ; "We looked at him, saw he
' was ¦' awful '• still,"- got scare&i and ' ran • home . to
get ¦ help. While : we were feway a " lady and
some people that 'I 'don't , know; picked him' up
and-took hlm;intd a house... . \ r >6 ;;.>
¦ Grover^Jorgenseri gives a very- different
account of' the tragedy, \ He says:: - v.
Oakland Office , San Francisco Call,
.. ' : .1118 Broadway, Jan. 1.'
Amos J. Walton, the 12-year-old nephew
Of Mrs. Adeline E.*; Walton Of 1191 East
Twenty-second street, , was shot' and ' in
stantly Killed • this afternoon by, Lester
Loveland, a lO-year-old'boy companion.
>Walton, J^oveland'and Grpvei 4 Cleveland
Jorgenseni , who,! Is .about , nine . years of
age, started : out this mdrnlng on a hunt
ing expedition. '
The boys were armed with an pld-fash
loned:22-callber rifle' which they'-had dis
covered some : weeks ; ago ' in the garret . of
the Loveland .house. '•¦..: ? " V'. "'v.v "¦¦'¦¦
Game was scarce and ¦ all . the ammuni
tion but two shells was used up In target
practice.. . 'The -boys ¦ .Were homeward
bound whftn. the ' fatal shot was fired." .Two
stories "are told as to how the fatality
occurred. ..' ; , > , '
| Lester Lovaland says: -
, .The ¦ hearse was < escorted to the ceme
tery by several companies of the National
Guard ¦: and was followed , by fifty : flies of
Masons and a long procession of citizens.
The services at the grave were conducted
by .the Masons in the presence of 2000 per
sons. At their clO3e the militia fired three
volleys and sounded "taps." • The family
of the : late . Governor returned to Olympia
on ' a; special : train. , ,
-'The services at the residence consisted
of the singing of hymns, a prayer by Rev.
¦W. O. Bernaddn ; of the' First Methodist
Church and an address by Rev. Spencar
SulHffer, chaplain- of the First-Washing
ton'Regiment. • £H3aB&ffiflro&f$qSjdEKferf
TACOMA, Jan. 1— In the soft, misty
twilight of .a typical winter ; evening in
the .Valley district the body _ of John Ran
kin Rogers, third Governor of the State
of Washington,. was to-day, laid to rest In
the Hillside Cemetery of Puyallup. Thou
sands thronged the' streets and there was
hardly a house in the ; city, that was not
draped ( in black. / Two companies of the
1 National Ouard atid .: the First Regiment
band had come from Seattle and were \n
waiting at the depot' when the funeral
train arrived from Tacoma. ¦ The slda
watks were blocked by an impassable liv
ing barrier, and even the roofs of houses
were crowded by persons eager to view
the precession. A great number 6f Ma
sons were in Puyallup when the train ar
rived.. ¦ . .'.-. . .- , ; ¦ r : ; 0SS58tf*88iS
. i In a drizzling rain the procession start
ed from the depot* through streets draped
with long black ¦ and ; white i streamers to
the.- homo of., the late ; GO-vernor'a son,
.where Governor McBride, ¦ former • Gover
nor • McGraw. many » State ¦ officials and
members of the Masonio fraternity await
ed the • arrival . of the body. ., Here thou
sands took a last look at the remains.
POPTTLACE ; MOtTBNS AT
BEAD GOVEBJTOB'S GBAVE
Young Lester Lovelaiad
Accidentally;; Kills
y Amos Walton.
After McLaughlln and Dougherty had
been put 6ut> one of theni hurled a stone
through the . window) striking ¦ Mrs." Syl
vester on the head. She was not seriously
Injured.' The two. hoodlums were placed
under arrest before they could carry their
rowdyism any further. ' ¦'-
McLaughlin is a well-known character
in police circles. He was sentenced to the
House of Correction at one time for an
attack on Sergeant Lewis. - Since his dis
missal from that institution he has
caused the police considerable trouble.
Johri Dougherty and Daniel McLaughlih
were placed under arrest last night and
charged .with disturbing * the peace ' and
malicious mischief. They went uninvited
to a party- which was being given: by
Mrs\ Sylvester »\wlfe o'f Police Officer Dan
iel Sylvester, • at : her home, . 1049 YOrk
street, artd attempted to put- an > end to
the J. merry-making. Mrs. Sylvester '; ob-
Jected.'to their presence and attempted to
quiet them, but their conduct "only be
came', the more boisterous until .'the lady
was finally compelled to summon her hus
band to eject them from the house. ¦
Create Disturbance at Home of
V ¦ Policeman Sylvester.^ , : •¦ ¦•,
J. Dougherty and I>. McLaughlin
At the foot of the stairs they were
halted by Officer A. C. Winrler, who be
came BUBpicious on perceiving the haete
with which they were leaving the house.
Two of the men were arrested and taken
M the station, but the third escaped. The
vwro arrested are John Ludwig and Her
man OoodrufT, both Germans. They
claim that they are ship firemen. From
the manner in which the robbers fled be
fore completing their undertaking the po
lice believe that they are amateurs at the
same.
A lK>ld attempt at robbery was made
early New Year's morning in the Chicago
lodging-house, at 612 Howard street, by
three men, two of whom are now under
arrest. Louis Roden, the proprietor of
the house, was lying- asleep on a lounge
in the office when the three men entered.
One of them seized him by the throat while
another commenced to rifle his pock
«tfi. Before they had secured any money
they became frightened and started to
flee from the house.
He Sleeps on His Office
Lounge.
Attack Lodging-House Proprietor as
THREE MEN" ATTEMPT
A DARING ROBBEHY
LONDON, Jan. 1.— Cabling from Shang
hai, the correspondent of the Times an
nounces the arrival of the Chinese court
at Chen Ting Fu last Tuesday and says
the court will continue Its Journey to
Peking by rail next Friday.
Chinese Court Hearing Peking*
The mysterious stabbing affray at the
corner of Third and Mission streets late
New Year's eve in which Ed Barry, a
coalpasser on the Sheridan, received a
dangerous wound in the throat, has not
yet buen entirety solved. A man who
claims that his name is Cornelius Fitz
gerald was arrested yesterday by Officer
R. H. Tobin on. suspicion and brought
before Barry for identification. The In
jured man was unable to say that Fitz
gerald wa» the knife wielder, but he
identified Fitzgerald as the man with
whom he had an altercation earlier in the
evening-. Despite Barry's inability to pos
itively connect Fitzgerald with the crime
the police believe that he is the right
man. They have locked him up on a
charge of assault to commit murder.
Barry was removed yesterday from the
Central Emergency Hospital to his Bis
ter's home at 34 Harriet street. He re
ceived a very dangerous wound in the
throat, extending almost from ear to ear.
Barry has not yet given the police a
lucid account of his, doings on New Year's
eve.- Th<5 police have learned, however,
that Barry was accosted by Fitzgerald On
Third street and /asked for some money.
The demand was refused and a quarrel
followed, during which Barry had his
throat cut.
Whom the Police Arrest on
Suspicion.
Barry Unable to Identify a Man
THIBD-STBEET STABBING
AFFRAY STILL A MYSTERY
E0WDIES ATTEMPT TO
BREAK UP A PARTY
OAKLAND, Jan. 1.— The weddlngr of
Miss Irene Baker and Dr. John
D. Grissim was solemnized this
afternoon at St. Paul's Episcopal
. Church.
The marriage ceremony was one Of the
prettiest that has been observed in Oak
land.
Shortly after t 3 o'clock the strains o£ the
march from "Lohengrin" announced tho
approach, of the bridal party. The four
bridesmaids headed the procession from
the door at the left of the cha-ncel, and
came down the church aisle to meet the
bride.
The ushers. Ray Baker, Roy Leib, R. R.
Syers and Sam Hardy, led the bridal pro
cession up the center aisle. Then oame
the bridesmaids, Miss Gertrude Allen,
Miss Lida Leib, Miss Bessie Palmer and
Miss Florence Hush, gowned alike in pink, 1
crepe de chine, made with full pleated
skirts and unlined yokes Of white lace. .
¦ ¦¦ Young-' Randolph % accounts for • the un
fortunate A occurrence by/ saying r that * he
knew, little 'of how a hammerless , gun op
erates and he was trying to find out when
the weapon he had in .hand. went off.
ALAMEDA, ' Jan. 1.— Randolph . Simon T
son,' aged- sixteen X years, was ¦ accidentally
shotv this morning by. his - cousin, Peyton
Randolph*' aged /sighteen.'v A charge of N6-.
4 shot : entered * young •,' Simonson's \ '}. body
near the right hip and ; traversed ' upward.'
While . the ¦ wound ' is serious; it is ' not
deemed necessarily 'fatal by the physician
In . attendance." ,,- ; . - ; : ;
Randolph Simonson.
Peyton Randolph -Accidentally; Shoots
BOY WOUNDS COMPANION.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. l.-When the, photo
graphs, taken this morning at the steps
of the San' Diego Rowing and i Swimming
Club house "are sent back East they ma y
causa" doubt In the minds of : their recip
ients as to thedate on which they were
obtained. It' is a rule of - the club that
every ¦ member ; shall ! appear • at the club -
house at a stated hour oh the 1st day of
January and begin the new year by tak
ing a dip In the bay. The rule 18 unwrit
ten,* but . is i lived up to quite generally,
for there are : not many > cities in the
United States wherein a swim in the open
bay is possible in the middle of winter.
This morning: there Were I more than fifty
members in bathing : suits and they spent
from ? a: half -hour to thred hours In the
water. 1 - ,' . . . ¦ ¦• >.: '-. : ¦¦• : \ ¦¦ ¦¦ :-
affair this evening: ahd decided that It
would not be necessary to place young
Loveland under arrest. . Taylor says the
boy -is -too -young and that he thinks the
shooting was accidental.
There , is': deep : grief ¦ in / Mrs. - Walton's
home. ¦•.Amos was. a particularly: bright
youngster;* the /pet '.of , his ¦ aunt's
hold ¦ and a favorite j in the .neighborhood,
Mre.v Walton believes ; the shooting - to
have been 'accidental, as 'the boys have
for a » long time been close friends, s Sho
is completely 'prostrated this evening and
refuses to -believe. that the little "chap who
since babyhdod has been her particular
care is really' dead. V '
Members of a Rowing and Swim-
xning Club Observe an -TJn
' ¦ written "Liw.'i-vA ;v ;
GO BATHING IN SAN DIEGO
¦ BAY ON NEW YEAR'S DAY
Dr. Grtesim is a prominent physician of
San Jose. He is a graduate of Columbia
College in New York. A club in San Jose,
of whlchf Dr.- Grissim has long been a
member,. 'presented • him j with a punch
bowl of cut glass.' Another gift of Inter
est is : a spinning .wheel, which has been
an heirloom; in' Dr. v Grissim' s family for
many years."- Three chests of 'silver were
presented. by Mr." and Mrs. S. F, Leib of
San Jose, Dr. and Mrs. • O. H: Dogge and
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Baker.
Dr. and' Mrs. Grissim will make their
home at the Hotel Vendome in San JOse
until their own residence Is completed.
brown silk gown with trimmings of pink
and blue applique. ... " . ' . '
Mrs. -William Hammond Wright was
gowned in blue broadcloth, appTiqued ,in
cream velvet.
The newly married couple departed for
the southern part of the State at 6
o'clock, and before leaving the ¦ bride
threw her bouquet, which was caught by
Miss Gertrude Allen..
FATALLY SHOOTS
HIS COMPANION
With these dainty costumes were worn
large picture hats of pink tulle, with long
plumes of the same color, and muffs also
of pink tulle. -
After the bridesmaids walked the
matron of honor, Mrs. Harry Lyle Baker,
unattended. She was attired in a gown of
•white lace over pink, taffeta and wore a
picture hat of white tulle with a pink
plume.
.The bride entered, leaning on her
father's arm. Her gown was an elegant
robe of heavy white satin, the skirt.hav
ing a very long train and being perfectly
plain. The.bodlce had a lace yoke, out
lined with a draped effect in Duchess lace.
The only jewel worn Was a diamond and
pearl crescent pin, the gift of the groom.
The tulle veil was qultrlong and held in
place with orange blossoms. The shower
bouquet was of lilies of the valley.
Little Earl Baker, all in white, preceded
the bridesmaids, carrying a white satin
pillow, oil which rested the prayer-book
that has been an. heirloom in the family.
The Rev. Robert Ritchie read the mar-
DAUGHTER OF A PROMINENT OAKLAND MAN WHO WAS WEDDED YESTERDAY WITH ELABORATE CERE
MONY TO A SAN JOSE PHYSICIAN AT ST.. PAUL'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH; ALSO THE LADIES WHO ACT
ED AS MATRON OP HONOR AND BRIDESMAID. ' '
Byway of making thlsi binding Dr.
Pearsons ¦ embodied : hi3 resolutions in let
ters which he wrote to each of the college
presidents." Dr. Pearsons announced fur
ther that it was his purpose, not to make
any more conditional gifts to colleges. It
was his intention, he said, to : give the
rest of his wealth — probably $3,000,000 or
$4,000,000— outright in the course of the
next ffcw years to the colleges which have
accomplished the most with what he has
given them in the past. • j
"Every cent I give away after the end I
of this year,", he added, "Will go straight
out . to the institutions . I * have already
helped. There are thirty of them in all.
mostly in the West, and I am going to.
look them all over next year and make
up* my -mind.' The colleges that have
done well, that have saved the endow
ment and used it in the right' way will
get the ; money. "
8"om9 of. the fortunate colleges Dr.
Pearsons has already decided on, He did
not nay so directly, but his. praise of
Drury College. Missouri; Whitman Col
lege, Washington: Colorado College,' Pa
cific University, Oregon and Beloi t Col
' lege left no doubt of • his intentions to
ward them. "Real gems'.' is what he calls
them.
"They shall have until January 1, 1903,
to pay their pledges," he announced at
his Hillsdale home, "and if they are not
ready i then they , will never get a cent
from me. That's the limit."
CHICAGO, Jan. l.-Dr.i D. K. Pearsons,
the Chicago philanthropist, made a New
Year's resolution to-day which was at the
same time an ultimatum to the colleges
which are expecting to , profit by. his
bounty.' There are eight of these colleges
and 1500,000 of the doctor's money Is wait
ing for them to be handed over to their
endowment funds the minute that they
have raised corresponding sums of money
on their own account. Not one 'of them
had, however, fulfilled the conditions at
the close of last year.
thropist, Gives Final Warning
i Regarding Requirements.
Dr. Pearsons, the Chicago Philan-
WILL GIVE MILLIONS
TO MEBITOBIOUS COLLEGES
Oriental* Rebekah Lodge, I. O.; O. F,,
last evening- tendered a reception to Mrs.
Floy C. Urquhart, deputy of the president
of the California Assembly, and her staff
of ofiicers. Mrs. Urquhart and those who
accompanied her were, pleasantly wel
comed by Mrs. Beekley, the noble grand,
and after the business of the lodge was
over the doors were thrown open and a
number of friends of the members of
Oriental were admitted. The hall in the
Odd Fellows' building in which the meet
ing was held was crowded. Ix>uis Ham*
mersmith, past grand, took charge of the
open meeting and delivered an address of
welcome, atter which there were ad
dresses by Past Grand MasterB L. L.
Alexander and W. H. Barnes, Deputy Mrs.
Urquhart. Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secre
tary of the assembly; Mrs. Isabel I. Jen
sen, warden of the assembly; General H.
O. Brower of the Patriarchs Militant;
Frank E. Smith, past grand; Frank
Worth, E., C. Stock and the noble grand
cf each of the following- Rebekah lodges;
California, Templar, Amity, Loyal, Mis
sion, Jubilee, Oriental and Walhalla
lodges. Mrs. Urquhart, who wat the
prime mover in the recent entertainment
given in aid of the Odd Fellows' Orphans'
Home at Gilroy, was highly complimented
for the good work she had done and the
Rebekah branch for the assistance ren
dered in making the affair a success.
There was Instrumental music by Thomas
Nowlan, selections on the violin by Jesse
Warren, accompanied by Mrs. Warren on
the piano.
Entertainment in the Odd Fel
lows' Building.
A Night of Fraternal Fellowship and
ORIENTAL BEBEKAH LODGE
GIVES WELCOME TO DEPUTY
Miss Ada B. Cohen and Miss Gertrude
Harris received yesterday afternoon at
the home of Miss Cohen, 1023 Buchanan.
Btreet. Forty-five guests were enter
tained . between the hours of. 2 and 5
o'dlock. T,he decorations were holly. Miss
Cohen's gown was lavender organdy andi
Miss Harri3 wore white organdy. -3fSS
The engagement reception of Miss Char
lotte G. Jewell was held yesterday after
noon at her residence. 601 Broderlck street.
Miss Jewell is shortly to marry Robert
Oppenheim of Paris, France.
The tables and drawing-rooms were*
elaborately decorated with roses. Mrs.
Martin was a charming hostess.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin grave & most en
joyable eggnog party yesterday at her
home, 2040 Broadway. Forty guests or
more were present and Mrsi Martin re
cefved alone.
Miss Leontlne Blakeman gave a delight
ful eggnog party at her Gough street
home yesterday afternoon. Five hundred
guests availed themselves of Miss Blake
man's Invitations and thoroughly enjoyed
her hospitality.
The drawing-rooms were profusely dec
orated with red berries and American
Beauty roses.
Miss Blakeman wore a dainty gown. Of
white chiffon over white silk.
Those who assisted in receiving: were:
Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss Lillian Spreck
els. Miss Lucy King, Miss Ethel Cooper,
Miss Edith Simpson, Misa Bessie Ames,
Miss Mary Polhemus and Mrs. Frank
Griffin.
Mr. and Mrs. Schwabacher left last
evening for a trip of several weeks, after
which they will live in Seattle. The groom
is a son of Sigmund Schwabacher and has
hosts of friends both in San Francisco
and Seattle, , where he is engaged in the
hardware business.
Miss Edna Blum and Leo S. Schwabach
er were married yesterday afternoon. Tka
wedding-, which, was a. pretty affair, oc
curred at the residence of the bride's
brother. Dr. Sanford Blum, 1243 Franklin
street. About one hundred guests, most
of whom were relatives and friends ot
both families, were present. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Voor
sanger. The bride was attended by Miss.
Jeanette Newman, maid of honor. Frank
Schwabacher and Dr. Sanford Blum acted
as ushers. Mr. Blum, the eldest brother,
gave the bride away.
The bridal gown was of white silk net
over silk with garniture of point lace.
The bride also wore a long white tulle,
veil and carried a bouquet of orchids and
lilies of the valley. After the ceremony
an elaborate supper was served.
MANY WITNESS
SCHWABACHER
BLUM WEDDING
At 3:30 o'clock Chief Croker announced
that he , had the fire under • control. A
rough estimate of the present damage is
125.000.
The guests of the Morton House Were
taicen to other hotels in the vicinity to be
cared for, and many of the men had time
to go back to their rooms to save their
valuables. The excitement in the hotel
¦was added to by the liremen dragging
long lines or hose through the halls so
that they could get the streams to play pit
the rear of the theater. There were wild
Bcenes in the hotel as the guests, porters, .
waiters and maids ran screaming to the
street. Many of the women fainted and
were carried out, but a. search of the
hotel seemed to satisfy the police that all
were able to reach places of safety.
While the fire department was trying to
overcome the fire in the basement several
nremen. went into the main theater and
carried out the tanks containing seven
seals, comprising Woodward's troupe.
Meanwhile lines of hose were carried to
the stage and held in readiness should
the flames break through the floor from
the basement. This basement is called
fireproof. It was one mass of flame from
end to end, and on the strength of its
fireproof qualities depended the safety of
the theater proper.
The rapidity with which the flames
spread turough tne theater was because
oi a quantity of oils, paints and a huge
mass of scenery which was in the stor
age room. Tne fumes from mi» lnnam
iuabie stuff hampered the nremen in their
wont, as they were repeatedly driven
from the basement to the .street. At 2:45
a. m. Chief Croker announced that ne
had hopes of confining the theater tire to
the basement of the theater and also of
preventing its spread further to the east
v/ard of tne two stores burned.
By 2 o'clock the ilames had spread with
'remarkable rapidity, and it seemed as if
the liremen wouid not be able to prevent
their spread to every part of the bunding.
At z:&> u.-m. the names wei'e. rapidiy
tpreauing' tnrougn tne entire tneater, but
had not eaten tneir way to the notei.' u'ney
spread to tne easiwaru, destroying quiCiC
ly two email stores, the clothing <store of
iienson & (Jo. and tne cigar store of Alan
uel Diaz. ' . •
THere were 300 guests in the hotel, who
were hurriedly notified, and made their
escape to the street clad in their, night
frarments. The halls and corridors of the
hotel were- filled with smoke and the
guests from the upper floors were com
pelled to grope their way to the street.
So far as known they all got out in
safety. Keith's Theater is a six-story
building and the Aiorton is five stories.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— Fire was discov
ered early this morning in , the engine
room of Keath's Union Square Theater.
The flames were first seen by the engi
neer of the Morton House, which adjoins
the theater, and he gave the alarm.
Ella Burt who coasts down the chutes
nn a bicycle. j« the attraction par ex
cellence at tho Chvtp* and Zoo. v-y
Professor A. J. Topning. the Sorens«»np,
Paloroa Quartet, Mullen and Lord. Val
kvra. K«hel Culbretb. Coleman and Mexls.
Billy Johnson and FMnrlchs' orchestra are
<H* entertainer in Fischer's excellent bill
fit the week. Tonrnnsr mystifies with fkJH
in his mlna-readfne mysteries and is
creating a sensation in occult circles.
The Orpheum road show is still cram
ming the big temple of variety. Picolo'e
Lilliputians, a troop of miniature comedi
ans and acrobats, is an excellent addition
to the bill this week and RJtter's trained
docs, a clever and amusing animal act,
5s another "just right" extra. Welch has
changed his storv for another just as
funny. Beatrice Murray has more und
merrier songs and stories and the Ga.tlln^
pun drill needs no bush. W. C. Field*
and thf> Agios trio complete an all-round
good bill. -; ;;¦;
"The Two Sisters," Denman Thompson
and George Ryer's play, seems to fill the
bill, up at the .Central^Theater. It has
been a strong- success with the Central
clientele a_nd has filled the house in satis
fying fashion every night. It is a do-i
rnestic drama on the order of "The Old
Homestead" and is the vehicle for pathos,
humor and the more homely sentiments.
There are many pretty scenes in the play
that is finely mounted and well plaved
throughout the large cast. "Lost in New
York" will follow.
"Charley's Aunt" is another bill in
which the holiday spirit reigns. It is be
ing given at the Alcazar with much spirit
and fur, and the versatile company is
seen at its best therein. Frank Bacon
ns Babberlv. Howard Scott as Solicitor
Spettigue, M. 1* Alsop, Henry Shumer,
Marie How. Marion Convere. Margaret
Wycherly. all appear to advantage in the
farce and Oza Waldrop has achieved a
nice little nersonal success as E!a De
laney. "The Wife" will follow.
Yesterday's matinee at the Tivoii was
like a huge flower garden, with the hun
dreds of bright child faces that adorned
the old opera-house. Kows on rows of
them, all as happy as kings and queens
are supposed to be, and ail clapping little
hands and laughing for all they were
worth at the funny antics of Ferris Hart
man and company. The children say
•Ferris is all right"; "Annie Meyers is a
peach'"; Webb is a dandy"; the whole
show "a beaut." and against such artless
criticism there is no appeal. The children,
as always, happen to be right. It is a
good show, with clean, wholesome fun
rrom beginning to end, and shouldn't be
missed by any one who likes a good
laugh.
"Black Patti." John Bucket and thirty
"ebony ecstasies"' are giving an excellent
variety entertainment at tne California.
LSlack Patti is still the most melodious
s;nger of her race and seems to have lost
no whit of her power and sweet voice.
The variety entertainment is of the beet
and large houses are enjoying the show.
"Whose Baby Are You?' tne amusing
farce that was so well liked last year,
will be next week's bill.
Next weeit, tne last ot i*ii»s Seligtnan'a
engagement, will have a grand douoie bill
as programme — carrano s dramatization
ol '•Cavailena Rusticana" and W. ri. Gil
bert's "comedy and Tragedy."
"A Lady of Quality** seems to please
down at the urand Opera-nuuse. Tiie
iucturtsque peesibintks or tne comedy —
i.nd Uiey are many— are made tne most of
uy the house coutimny, and MISS tjeiig
n*an sseenis to have lo'-nd tne most agree
able role ot her engagement in tnat of
<jiorlnda Wildair?. xiitre is spirit, numoc
iind balance »n the performance, and it
see a ijuod business.
ivtxt week the ever-favorite - Mme.
?.joajes-ku anu L.uuis James will appear in
an emuoraie revival of -'rienry ViiL."
inc picuuction is said to be a sumptuous
auair seenicaiiy, and Modjeeita as vrfueen
jvatr.cnne anu iajujs jam^s as Caraiua;
»»oisey wiu l>e amply sumeiont in me
i«itl la.
Mary Mannering in "Janice Meredith"
etill reigns at the Columbia Theater. This
afternoon the charming actress will ap
pear in "Camille" for the first time. A
performance of very considerable inter
est is expected. The part is different
from anything that the pretty player has
before attempted, and much curiosity is
rife as to what she will make of it. Rob
ert Drouet, the totally eclipsed hero of
the "Janice Meredith" play, will have a
slightly better opportunity as Armanti.
Other good names are H. a. NorthrJjp,
Charles Cherry, Amy Hlcard and Air*.
rl. A. Eberle, who wnl all appear in me
cast. -¦.;•¦'
President Sedgwick believes that there !
should be little or no State regulation ~ of !
what shall appear in textbooks. "Scarcely
had science and education," he said,
"freed themselves from the church when
they began to be threatened by subjec
tion to the state. While it Is right that
the youth should be taught the dangers
of alcohol, I believe that it is odious and
unreasonable that the exact amount of
such teaching should be prescribed by
law; that the method of teaching by text
books and the space devoted to it in the
textbook should be legally regulated by
law, but especially that the kind of text
books, used should be largely determined
by a self-constituted and unofficial oli
garchy—leaders of a propaganda which
is neither educational nor scientific."
The effects of these peculiar laws, he
said, had been to create a peculiar class
of textbooks, some of which were pre
pared by competent writers, but most
were inferior and some were distinctly
bad.
"No wise educator," he continued, "who
has given any attention to the subject can
deny that the influence of this powerful
propaganda has been in most respects in
jurious to the proper' teaching of physiol
ogy'and hygiene in the lower schools.
Teachers, principals and superintendents,
and even school committees, are seldom
able to speak with perfect frankness on
the subject from the fear of influence. In
my opinion it is time for a body of sci
entific men like the American Society of
Naturalists and the American Association
for the Advancement of Science to put on
record their opinion that the subjugation
under which science and education are to
day suffering from the temperance prop
aganda has become intolerable."
The election of officers of the American
Association of Naturalists resulted as foN
lows: President, J. M. Cattell of Colum
bia; vice presidents, L. O. ' H.oward of
Washington and r>. P. Penhallow of Mc-
Gill University; secretary, K. G. Harrison
of Johns Hopkins; treasurer, M. ' M. Met
calf of the Women's College, Baltimore.
' A resolution was adopted by the society
favoring the bill pending In Congress pro
viding- for the i preservation"- of the cliff
dwellings in Colorado by forming there a
national park. ¦
Scientific temperance Instruction has grown
to such proportions and has gained such power
as to dominate almost all Instruction In ele
mentary physiology . and hygiene In America.
It is right, of course, that pupils should, be
taught the danger of alcohol and .narcotics, but
teachers often go too far, and it even appears
that all instruction in physiology and hygiene
in public schools has passed to a great and un
justifiable- extent in the hands and under .the
subjection of tho temperance propaganda.
President Sedg wick's address was upon
"The Modern Subjection of Science and
Education- to Propaganda." He sald'ih
part:
"It is a notorious and disgraceful fact,"
said Professor Sedgwick, "with a view of
pleasing a seU'-oonstituted oligarchy, that
some writers have even 1 made alcoholic
instruction the beginning, the' middle and
the end of their textbooks. Of such book3
it may be truly said that : they have no
permanency of their own, and with. dif-:
ficulty Would be preserved in schools.", «
CHICAGO, Jan.' i:— Scientific temperance
instruction as taught in the public schools
from the textbooks now in use, together
with anti-vivisection, anti-vaccination and
Christian science, were denounced by Pro
fessor William T. Sedgwick, president of
the American Association of Naturalists,,
at a banquet to-night given by members
of the scientific societies now in Bession
at the University of Chicago.
Under the terms of the company's no
tice all outstanding shares of the whole
issue of preferred stock became actually
retired at midnight to-night and ceased
to exist as stock and all holders of cer
tificates for preferred stock have been,
notified that on presentation of the sam»
at the company's' office they will receive
payment in cash to the par amount of
each* certificate. The stock redeemed
abroad is. not included in the sixty-mil
lions canceled at the New York office,
and. considering to-day was a holiday,
with banks and banking offices closed. It
is thought the balance of the funds pro
vided for this payment will jnot long re
main unclaimed in the company's vaults.
JACKbON, Miss., Jan. 1.— Attorney Gen
eral AlcClurg is contemplating the insti
tution of proceedings to break the merger
of the Southern ana Mobile and Ohio rail
ways. It is very likely that the proceed
ings will be begun within ten days.
NEW YORK, Jan. 1.— The office of the
Northern Pacitic Railway Company was
kept open to-day for the receipt and re
demption of the preferred stock of that
company. Upward of sixty millions of th»
entire seventy-rive millions of that Issua
of stock was received, paid for and can
celed. . <...-.-
Power declares that he has just begun
to tight ana denies with great, emphasis
that he brought the suit in collusion with
the merger Interests.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Jan. 1.— The at-'
torneys of Peter Power declare that their
client will appeal from the decision of ;
Judge JLochren, dissolving the injunction
against the retirement of Northern Pa- :
ciiic preferred stock, to the United States
Court of Appeals at St. Louis. Georga
A. Lambs, ' Power's principal attorney,
says this can be done in a very short
time, not more than six or seven days.
Sixty Million Dollars' Worth
Is Paid For and
\ ,; Canceled.
Three Hundred Persons in
Adjoining Hostelry Run
Scientific Temperance in
struction,- He Says, Is
Detrimental.'
Black Patti Filling Califdrni a.
Alcazar Doing Big
Business.
Northern Pacific Stofck
Retirement Case •
to Continue.
Mary Mannering Retains
Her Hold on the #
Public's Favor.
Naturalist .Speaks of
the School; System
Defects.
Early Morning Blaze in a
Theater Causes a Y
Panic.
HOTEL GUESTS
ESCAPE FLAMES
WEEK'S BILLS
AT THEATERS
DENOUNCES LAW
FOR TEXT BOOKS
POWER PROMISES
A LEGAL BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARYt 2, 1902.
Miss ¦ Irene Baker, Daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George W. Baker, and
Dr. John D. Grissim Are Married irv Presence of Large Throng
arSt-Paul's' Church
PROMI NE NT COUPLE ARE UNITED
AT ELABORATE CHURCH WEDDING
riage service from that volume.
The groom, .with his best man, Dr. W.
B. ', Stephens, awaited his bride at ¦ the
altar rail. After the ceremony the bridal
party drove to the bride's home on Thir
teenth street,';, where a reception was ten
dered to the relatives.. ¦'». , -" ' . .
* The, decorations at the church were in
green and white, with an occasional touch
of pink. The altar was amass' of flowers
and • greens. -, Over the spot ¦¦ where .: the
bride and ' groom stood a. triple chime of
Kreen and white- wedding bells^ was sus
pended. ''¦ About 200 guests <¦ were * present
: at the church ceremony. -
Mrs. , George AV. % Bakor, the bride's
mother, wore a gown - of silver gray-bro
caded satin, with which was Worn a large
black hat. '•:¦¦
i Mrs. .Paul s Furst of San Jose, a sister
of the groom, wore a gray gown, ap
pHqued in white panne velvet. V
Mrs. S. F. Leib of San Jose wore a
9
What £s wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
dean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears'.
Established over zoo years.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Fully Ripe
Made from the choicest of selected
Rye, and distilled under every pre-
1 . caution, insuring the highest nutrient
quality j
EL Hunter
¦'.eggjl .Baltimore
RW^^^^gf;^! ough aging before
|^£|Y5ijgiS<bJ itissold,andinthts
state of fullest ds-
K^/yvy/irt^m ¦ '* ta particularly
B'^wSwy^^f^l recommended to
«|P|ffig4JMV4jga women because of
l'j^^^W^K^^3 lence.
CHMSTf <t WISE COMMISSION CO.. laa,
I 327 Sansome St.. San Francisco, CmX.
Telepaone M»ia 873.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECULISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail. ¦
Cures guaranteed.- '
: 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJUTHE SAN^ FKANCISCO CALU THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, v l 90 2.
10
iSAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
II. corner or Market and -Third streets: open
til J2 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
iicr Clay; open until 0:30 p. m.
!00 Kayos street: open until 9:30 p. m.
V2) McAllister street; epen until »:30 p. m.
"15 Larkin street: epen until 9:20 .p. m.
!H1 ilisEljn street; open until 10 p. m. .
~<"-I Market street, corner - Sixteenth ; open
til 9 p. m.
MO. Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
CW Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
Corthwe&t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ky streets: oi«=-n until 9 p. m.
1*00 FiMAore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
UISSION Chapter~No. 79, R. A. M.— ¦
Slatod meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Business. By order of )i 5f
the H. P. J. R. HILLMAN. Sec.' /Ty >-
CALIFORNIA LodRp. No. 1. F...iind A. - n
M.. wU! mtct THIS <THURSDAY) Ji
EVENING, Jan. 2. at 7:30 o" clock.
Statrd mect:n,v. Rv order " of the >
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge~No. 120. F. and A. gT~
M.— Stated rr.wtinR THIS (THURS- '.jfV
DAY) EVENING ct 7:S0 o'-clock. By 'KJf
order of the W. M. /^P^
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 218. F. and A. M.— n
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) £\
EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock. By order l»L3f
of the Master. • - • ¦ •
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
jnCBBA BUENA Lodge No. 15/1.' v^Waafa.
O. O. F. — Installation cf officers z^^fxL
for ensuing term on THURSDAY
EVENING. January 2. 1902. Full' C*""™
attendance requested. * Visitors welcome.
T. C. MARTIN. Noble Grand.
J. J. De HAVEN', liec. Sec .
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O.
O. I-\. •will have Installation of
officers THIS (THURSDAY) ¦^SNSfcsS?
KVEXIXG. Jan. 2. Visiting JWrtW
brothers cordially invited. -
FRANK D. MACBETH. - N. G. •
CHAS. J. THCLEX. Uec. Sec
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY; office
327 iiarket s=t.. San Francisco. Dec. SI, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany, will be held -at the office of the com-
pany. .727 Market st., in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January,
J9C2, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board cf directors
to serve for the ensuing: ! year and for the
purpose of amending article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
n-.eetinjf of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Trarsfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary •*. at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary. /
I* T Tin Calitornia Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by. the hydrau-
lic process from L. LaKomarsino, in the
Ron-.y Kline, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings en a Cat; from R. H. War-
ren £!id* E. F. Jctjes. in the Hardscfabble
rr.ine. near Oak. Shasta Co.. to deposit tail-
inss in Clear Creek, and from Joseph Rup-
ley. in the Negro Flat placer mice, at Negro
Flat. El Dorado Co.. to deposit tailinK* in
Necro Gulch, gives notice that a meeting
tvili he held at room 59, Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal.. on January 13, 1902, at 1 :30
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATEH WORKS— Th* annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will bs held at the office of the com-
rany. ]2fi Stockton st.. San Francisco. Cal..
«.t 12 o'clock to. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth
oay cf January. 1902. to el^t trustees to
F»rve for tfce pnsuir.g year and for *he trans-
rctior, of such, other business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco.
December 2<V 1S01. .-.-:•'
¦ PELHAM W. AMES. Secretory.
THE annual meeting: cf the stockholders of The
Nevada Natinr.a! Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. -will be held at its v \nklng-house. ?01
Mor.tcomery st.. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, January 14. 1002, at 3:15 o'clock
P. tn.. for the election of directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year and the . transaction of
Ftjch ether business an may come .before the
m«>ti:i!r. OKPKGE GRANT. Secretary.
P.ti • T~n»o«>rrib«»r IS. 1901.- '¦ '
ACEXTS WAXTED.
AGKNTE — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier tn seM than books or lnsur-
anre? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTOI ROOFING.
CITY AFPHALTUM CO.. C52 Market et.— Roofs,
side-walks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTHOLOGV.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects,' qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your"
lucky days, nuccessfu! ventures, by mail if
«WiT-e<V RAYMOND. 093 Market et.. room 4.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. "
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yra.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31SL
<3. W. HOWE, 850 Market Et.. cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney, Examiner building. 6th
floor; all cases; fee« low; estates, collections
eta ; consultation free; no advance fees; open
evenings.
ADVICE free: divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages : bills of sale: partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cetsful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
k«-t Ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
niCYCLEJ-i — For Sale op Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women-
largest assortment on the Pacific ¦ Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON'. Pine and Market Ets.
HOOKS — XEW . AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 142» Market St.. S. F.
BCSWESS CHAACES. •
A— ?1250; DEATH in family causes" the owner
of one of the best-known, best-located coffee
and chop houses to take in a partner; a rare
chance for honest tnd active man. See R, G
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $3200: CORKER saloon: choicest location-
place clears above $250 per month; rent $75.
This is a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
»'6^ Kearny et
A — $300; BRANCH bakery and confectionery -
close to large school* : living rooms; rent $20-
value In eight. Call R. G. - WILKE 2G»4
Kearny st. . '. .
A— $C5C; COAL and wood yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagons; business is located In Oak-
land; established years and first-class pay-
ing. All particulars R. G. WILKE 20Vi
Katray et. ..'¦..
A— $400; SALOON on water front; rent $20*
pood paying; business; investigate at once- a
rare chance. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26 K
Kearny st. -- . ¦ • - , T3 .
A !^v. GA , R £ tand . : fi5 tures . lease, rood will for
cln ; R 8t< ff WlSr^rK^mTst 1 "
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business; value In slcht
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A-r-SGOO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant- es-
tablished years; first-class paying: located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
goon. R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A — $.$00; COFFEE saloon In wholesale tlls-
tnct: rent $50; no Sunday or nigrht work.'
A— $12.";. BRANCH bakery; cood trade- 3
rooms; rent $12. STRAN.D. 203 Kearny st.
A — $150: DELICACY Etore; cood trade- Sixth
gt.;2 roomg; rent $15. STRAND. 209 Kearny.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of
any kind. BTRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
S3-VI— PARTNER wanted ; Market-st. chop
house; clears $150 month: duties take 'cash
and help cenerally; no experience: come'
quick if ycu want a snap. BROWN, 1221
MEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 277L"-!
(i Eddy et., rooms 18 and 19. . * *
I Hotels, restaurants, lodging-bouses, grocery
ftorer, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. • ¦. ¦ • . j
fCT.0— GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; In
iZipsion: good business; splendid location.
MILES & CO.. 927 Market st. room 208..
GOOD paying restaurant; whole or half inter-
est for sale. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
&50 Market et. >„
$175 WILL buy a restaurant: good rushing lo-
cation; bargain. Call quick at McBRIDE &
CO.'£. 7C5 Market st.; phone. 3433.
$'^2T — PARTNER in chop house: $175 cash-
oa« bal. out of business. DECKER, 021 Mkt.'
JS(X>— PARTNER wanted in profitable business";,
ordinary business experience required; no
_ 3g fnts - Room 10. 035, Market st.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that : . net $2 50 to $8
<Ia:ly. Afk C. L. HEDGES. -IC2 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— To buy business ror, cash; -will -in^
vont abcut SliXO or $'_'tKX); no agents -need
liox 31!)3. Call t.mce. ",„¦•''
RO17TK for Fale — A route on this paper. Ap-
|.Iy to W. L. GAENEIt, 121 MjTtle st.. Santa'
_j'!uz. «Jal. • ... > .
ROll sal« cheap; established dental office ; best
'.r^attnn. Address ArB. C. Oakland.
I'Oil &.VLE— First-claes fruit and ¦ vegetable
. Ptcre. Call C57 Geary et,"- ¦
UAKERY for sale; ebop trade; over 2 barrels a
Aay. Box 3020. CaiL - .
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A GOOD chance for, a live man to go into the
wood, coal, hay, -gram and general com-
mission business in the lively city of Peta-
luma: a large ' frontage on the water front.
v.-!th all the ¦ buildings, scales,' horses,
wagons, etc., for doing a large business;
right in center of the city; reasons of sell-
ing, other business. Apply to GEO. W.
JOHNSON & CO.. PetaluWa. ' , f
$450— RESTAURANT suttable for man and
Tviff; good business; must be sold. Box 31o4,
Call office. ; ' . ¦ ' ' '
FOR Sale — A good planing mill in a lumber
. yard; located in a growing town. . Address
• P. O. box 45'J. Healdsburg, Cal.
CANDY store and factory with living room for
gale account Illness. 2474 Mission st
I LODGING-HOUSES "FOR SALE.
! CO-ROOM HOUSE". SURE^TO^CLEARTr. . • - vT
f ...$300 EVERY MONTH. PRICE $3500...
: Payments to suit. DECKER. 1020 . Market.
18-ROOM HOUSE: RENT ONLY $50
Price Only $C50 — Payments ;
; Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances: clears $200 $1900
Id 24: rooms; near Powell- and Geary 1900
i 18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 ¦ 050
100 roorts; clears $400 6000
. 10 rooms; en Eddy St...' ". •• 750
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market;, phone Mint 790.
A— • ~ Near '¦. the Call building.
Telephene Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
. Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
, Big free list of lodging-houses at my office,
i All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
21 r.; fine location; clears $115 mo.. $1500
30 r.: *rlendld. sunny corner that clears $103
month; on account of 'sickness owner will
eell-fcr nart cash or exchange for smaller,
rooming-house or for real estate $4000
23 r.; low rent; clears about $60 month.. COO
10 r. : rent $35; clears $35 300
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 'Market st and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains. -
I SPECIAL SALES
1 104 r.; lev.- rent, long lease; first-class, modern.
C r.: modem flat; rent $40: elegant JK50
'34 r. : prl. board. ; lst-class loc. ; clears $200.3500
2S r.; rent C125; trans., perm.: clears 1H0
24 r. ; rent $8.".: elegant fur., carp 2T>00
: 17 r.; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.: clears $100. 850
¦ 11 r ; Jones residence; nice home 600
i —CLEAR TITLE OR KO SALE—;
I CALL ON RETSLOFF— HE CAN SUIT YOU.
! 8 rooms; owner- sick: must sell.. . $200
12 roonr.s; corner; clears $45 :...'., f>2r» |
100 rms.; grand cor.: clears $500: paymts 5500
¦¦ 21 rooms; Al location; payments 1000 ,
S rooms; Just listed; good o00 |
IS rooms; well furnished: bargain 1250 j
i H5 rooms; clears $200: exclusive sale.. 3000 j
i JO rocrcs; best In city: payments 600
Money to loan.. A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. "John 531.) 900 Market at., cor. Ellis.
1 A— NOTICE— All buyers of lodging-houses will
find it to their advantage to call upon us.
j V.'e have a rreat ! many large and small
houses on our books and stand ready to give
you reliable Information and help you with
money at low rate of Interest. WINSTON & j
WOLF, 1026 Market st: phone Jessie 2211;
photograph gallery entrance.
j. h. ST ANTON, real estate and business
chance agent; removed from 34 Kearny st to
I 11'Vi Market St.: hundreds of lodging-houses
and business chances. r
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
fizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get |
cur list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt. j
i McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st — We have 65
lodg-ing-houses on list many cheap and good.
Before buying Investigate our list. '
; A ROOMING-HOUSE, 17 rooms; rent $30; full
; of men: good location; cause sickness; price
i $350. 2S% Clay st -
l A — AVE buy. "sell or exchange lodging-houses
i of any kind. STRAND A CO.. 209 Kearny.
~LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
i WANTED — Lodging-house about 15 rooms
I central: low rent:, price not to exceed $500.
j Box ."025. Call. \
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues., Frl.. Sun., S p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush St.
BROCK WAY. 1052 EH is. bet. Franklin anJ'
Gough; .phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun..
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p. m.; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st; Ell!s car.
A — PROF. GEE, 10S Sixth St.; readings, OOc,
%\\ circle Tues.". Thur., Frl. night, 10c.
PROF. PRODTKORT gives a parlor recture,
; 112S Eddy st; subject., disease,; 25c.
j MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
; to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE~]>OLLAR!!. T.ONE DOLLaST
I CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
I SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a Vsychlc or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1302.
$1 00! $1 00! $1 00! $1 00!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
j Advice on business, speculation, all love and
! domestic troubles, petti &s lovers* qustt^Is. re—
I unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control cr Influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor.';? .V-
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life corrfectly, gives an accurate de-
j scriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
> peniegs and portrays events to occur in Vast fu-
I ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
' happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic, j
I love or business troubles, consult this great
| medium and you will be told how to overcome
'them. Valuable advice in all "affairs of ltfe;
! 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. TeL Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2G: take-rtevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
! anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
j with special terms. Daily and Sunday. -
j THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
• Just what you want to know; choice of three
; expert palmists and clairvoyants: no matter
.whom you have been to we convince all. 607
i ' Kearny St.. parlors 1. 2. 3.
| MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past.
: future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
i secret: shows picture future husband or wife-
i fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody;
j open Sundays: hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215 «4 Gth.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
, reader, born with double veil— second sight-
diagnoses diseases with life readIne;ladies50c
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 120 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily 10 a m
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 320A Ellis; clairvoyant
- crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
I <r-ies.; full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
f CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
CARD reading; ladies. 10c; gentlemen. 25c;
hours 1 to 8. 625 Minna st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; . la-
dies 2Cc; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth..
60c and $1— PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant; scl-
entlflc palmist: card reader. 1007% Market.'
MME. ZELLA. clairvoyant and card reader:
25c and 50c 783 '£ Market st. ; bring this ad.
MRS. LA VON, wonderrul fortune teller: truth
or -no pay; 25c and 50c. 050 Folsom, cor.' 6th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium.- price $1.- C10% Leavenworth et:, 8. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller;
; has removed from 222 Eddy, to 407. O'Farrell. i
MME RAVENNA* reads life fluently; business j
ad vice;, names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st: j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
recnived at Call branch nfflc?. 2200 Fillmore. (
CARPET nEATfNG AND .CLEANING/
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
• send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
• ing Works. 353-357 . Tehama st. : tel: South 40. |
AMERICAN Carpet -beating Works — Cleanine '
3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th fit. :tel.Capp 2542. '
ADVANCE Carpet-clean Ins Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM fe CO.; Prop, f
MODERN CO.:.Bteam cleaning:" laying: clean- '•
¦ Ing or. floor. Phone Mint 301 ; 923 Mission.
RUDOLPH &.CO.. carpet-beating works; prices .'
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 26::.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning 'Works.-
333 Gqlden Gate ave?:' telephone East 126.
CITY Steam -Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mpr.; S8-40 8th st: : tel.- South 250. V
J. K. MITCHELL.- Carpet-cleaning and Reno-, ''.
rating Co.. 240 14th tt.; tel. Mission. 74." >
COLLECTION OFFICES. *
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyTSth
floor, : 916 Market Et. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys." l ". ;
DENTISTS. ;¦;¦*.•:«,'.'"¦:';
A— DRrT'."sT^GGIN's7927lvi:rrketVt^Elnma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings,- $1 50; other fill-
ings. - $1 ; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
.plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. t
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only, and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for bfist crowns,,' plates, bridges
and fillings;: extractions or. fillirfgs by rny
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 ¦ years',:
experience; no students; advice free; .prices
: cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market; cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions dons pain-
lessly;teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowris.$3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
, 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW- plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50;fllllngs 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors; 24 Sixth -St.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING.M.D.. .dentist,
room 24. 14 McAllister st. ;painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3;' fillings, 50c.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on v weekly installments; lowest rates.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction;
00c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth 'without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. . ;
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext; 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist
late of New York City, has just located at
006 Jones St.. where he will admlnster to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5. .
DOG -HOSPITALS. 5 -
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by drusrgists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate av<».
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & llillinery School —
Cless rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILOER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
SECOND term night school for men. Young
. Men's Christian Association, Mason and EJlis
Ets.; 15-week courses, beginning January 6;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in ' algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil . service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, - free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam; en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. ; Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEEK1NG— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post Bt., S. F. ;
catalogue free'.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
¦»-$S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand;
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced* teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining-
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.'
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
,vlse thair friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
YOUNG German graduate of German univer-
sity gives' lessons In German literature and
French and Latin languages." Address MR.
HOELZER, 2116 Central ave., Alameda.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120. O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott Tbldg.-
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
• modern methods; positions for all graduates;
.; . new. 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-"
Ing, practical bookkeeping. . Rooms 40-45, Par-
- rott bldg. : individual instruction ; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., minlng.mech.sur-
vey, essay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
•-- der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $eo. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1230 Market Et..
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.
COMPETENT lady piano teacher; gives lessons
reas.; easy method. 847 Halght: tel. Page 69.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratario. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. lOUi.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine 8t.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre.
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
_ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. I
A. S. NAKO. 509 Bush st..\Main 1640— Japan-
ese contractor and employment office; con-
tracts taken for general farming help, sugar
beet field help, canneries or " factories.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short' notice. GEO.KI-
: NOSHITA. 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and ' house servants. '¦ GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bnsh 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. .411% O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment ON
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072^
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A GOOD reliable woman wants ' situation In
nice family for . housework; ¦ willing, agree-
able; state wages; car fare expected. Box
3190. Call. : ¦ , . - y -.. :
YOUNG women wishes housework; 2 or 3 in
family: wages $12; no washing. Address
7C0A Howard st. .
WOMAN wishes housework or sewing by day
or week. 67 Shipley st.
YOUNG girl wishes place In nice family; can
furnish references. 301 Oak st. ' , ; ¦
COMPETENT young woman with . a child de-
. sires situation; capable of managing room-
Ing house, hotel or cooking for men; highest
references. 1376 Twelfth ave., Oakland. .
SITUATION wanted for good girl; $4 per. week;
sleep home. Telephone Fell 246, or box 3178,
Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper for club of students
or others; good, economical cook; references;
reasonable. Lady, 667 . Geary et. '
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by, day
washing, ironing ¦ and . housecleanlng. . 417
Stockton st. ....
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ; at 1090
Valencia st ¦¦••¦¦¦-.. -. . ..
: EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE~"
A YOUNG man (married), . aged 26, • expert
•horseman and . driver, good all-around man,
.willing and obliging, can drive truck or sand
' wagon, 'acquainted . with the city, wishes
¦I'work of any kind. Address J. B., 413 Valen-
cla st. /telephone Mission 11. ¦__ . ¦';
A' GARDENER, single, German, understands
propagation of , plants, - pruning; grafting,
greenhouse work, can , milk cow handy with
tools, wishes position. - Address Gardener
Baldwin House,: 30 and 32 Ellis st. \v-
FIRST-CLASS coachman and , valet ; : neat "ap-
pearance, sober, willing and obliging; expert
; horseman and driver; fine all-round man; best
. ¦ city, references. ,M.,M.. 832 Mission st/ city.
MIDDLE-AGED j man '. wants " . to' run': errands
: " and -make himself generally .useful: -willing
; to work ' for small -wages; • has good refe---
„- ences. Box 31G9; Call Office. : , *
SITUATION wanted by reliable young • man.
with ,$50; best references; experience • with
horses. : Box 3181, i Cal 1 office. - ' ;..' ; .":;: ¦•"
COMPETENT middle-aged . man, weight - 215
best of. references, wants I position , as watch-
, man. , Box 2379/' Call of flee. •¦ • ,
EMPLOYMENT WAJfTEU^MALE.
WANTED — Steady employment by an Eastern
.'. man of middle age, \ well- educated and of a
strictly ; moral ¦ and temperate life. : He . holds
', diplomas ¦. from a " first-class business : college
and a liberal arts college, where he . did spe-
j cial work in pedagogy, and. the sciences. -He
.- has bad 14. years'- experienoe In -educational
work; held various clerkships; had 3 monthb'
j experience' . in railroad' surveying and .. is a
¦^good mechanic in the carpenter's craft; will-
ing to do any kind of work which is honor-'
able and upright for living wages. Address
box 2750, • Call. ¦ .,'.,, ¦, . ;
WANTED ;by well educated/ energetic and re-
5 liable : young man of • 23. salaried position,
$75; six '; years' - experience ¦ in office work;
:.-' thorough ' accountant. - L Box ' 3119, Call office.
WANTED— By bright German, position to so-
licit and collect; best of references glvery also
bond or cash security. : Box 3183. Call office.
A ¦¦ YOUNG ; man ' with good recommendations
.wishes position In store or to drive small de-
- livery, wagon. Address 1286 Eddy St..
WANTED— A Situation by a first-class coach:
¦ man just disengaged where he can make hlni-
self generally useful. Box 3182, Call, office.
SITUATION, wanted by German baker; second
hand on bread; city > or country. Address G.
'¦¦¦A.. ; 278 ..Minna st. . .. ¦
JAPANESE boy would like position as school
-boy in Oakland. Apply 533 Sixteenth st,
Oakland. SASAKY. - •
MALE professional' nurse from. Denver wants
situation; .best of references; will go any
,' place. - Box 3063, Call, office, y . - .
BY a competent man a . situation as fireman
to stationary, boiler or night watchman: in
-¦ or near city. Address I. Jl. T>.. 425 Tehama.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia st. . • . ¦ . ¦ . , * ..¦-.-.'...
- FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES ,; promoted, guaranteed "and"
financed, stock taken ' In payment . for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. ¦.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— W«
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and. bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office.. B07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
OAK. 1909— Flat to let and f urnlture - for sale;
new; never been ¦ used : ' frescoed ceilings)
marble vestibule; "all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 B0; can be seen
( between 11 and 3 o'clock. . , : .
TO let— Handsome new flats near Van Ness
aye. ; 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath. Apply O.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. .
SUNNY modern flat, B rooms and bath. 965
Golden Gate ave., opposite Jefferson Square;
no children. .-, . : ,-.-..
HAYES, 1743, near Park— Sunny upper flat, 4
rooms, bath; rent $15; water free. -
$15— SUNNY upjer flat. 4 large rooms. 531
Grove at.
$27 50-rNEW modern flat of 7 rooms, bath,'
basement and yard. 4034 18th. near Castro.
FLATS ¦ TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, 1
year, with reference. Box 3049, Call.
FLATS WANTED.
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable.-
Painter. 502 Stanyan st. ; phone Park IB. -¦
FURNITURE" FOR SALE.
4 ROOMSfurnislw in oak, $ls^oTwitn r No 7
¦ range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AV ANTED.,
WILSON buys all kinds of household"^oodsT
1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture ; {el. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie- 761 before' selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. v
CHRISTMAS present— Danlcheff glove order;
factory price guar. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
WAXTED — FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
HOTET. DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, first-class city and commer-
cial hotels, $20, $25: S restaurant waitresses^-
$7, and $8; 8 chambermaid*, Southern Cali-
fornia, $2U, half fare; 5 chambermaids, to
.wait city and country, $20; woman cook,
$35; bread and pastry cook, $30.
FAMILY- DEPARTMENT .... ... .
2 cooks, -city, $35; 2 cooks, country, no wash-
ing, ?:50; housegirl, city, $30; housegirl, FVes-
no, $20, fare paid; housegirl, Alameda, $25,
see party here; cook, San Rafael, $30, see
lady here; 2 second girls, $20; private wait-
ress and parlor maid, $20; 2 nurse glrla, $15;
: woman with a child, -$20; nurse, invalid
lady, steady, $20 month.
MRS. M. E. DAY & : CO 835 Geary st.
A— FANCY ironer, country, $1 50 day and In-
crease. MRS.) M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
WANTED — Cooks, - waitresses, second girls,
nurses; cooks for . boarding-houses; house-
work girls . and ' many others to fill to-day
our large number of situations on hand, for
city as well as country; call early. J.' F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. \
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
- work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
. to learn. - Standard Shirt Factory, ' corner
Gough and Grove sts. /
OPERATORS at Levl btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory. 32V4 Fremont st; no experience
r.e>«.Esary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MH. DAVIS.
CALIFORNIA College of Hairdressing and
Massage; leading school of the West; prepares
young ladles for the latest and most profit-
able profession for women; full course §5.
Supreme Court bklg., ,305 Larkin st; take
elevator; visitors welcome. ¦
WANTED — 60 babies and nurses; aged 1 to 3
years. ' Apply manager "Whose Baby • Are
jj You?" California Theater box office, Friday
afternoon, 2 to 4 o'clock. .
A - LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. ' PERSON, room 412, - IJarrott building.
A GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
' after 10 a. m., 1053 Market st, upstairs. .
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to do gen-
'eral- housework. *. Apply at 139 Third st. '
WANTED — Experlenced\ waitresses: also girls
• willing to learn waiting. . 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Cloak salesladies. Golden Gate
Cloak and Suit House, 1230 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl or . woman to do light
housework. 1629 Golden Gate ave. '
NOON, waitress; call early. 511 Brannan st,
. ¦;' near Fourth.- .< - .i _. -
WAITRESS, also help as chambermaid, wanted
at 444 Brannan st. ¦ /:
WANTED — Neat young girl for general house-
\ work. Apply 2044 O'Farrell st. ¦•¦...•• .¦:¦
WANTED— A first-class waitress at 1020 Van
Ness ave., cor. Geary ' st. ;
GIRL for general housework in family of fqur,
...'two being children; plain cooking and wash-
lng; $25 mo. MRS. G. H. YOST. Palo Alto.
A 'GIRL tp-'do light housework In Alameda; 2
in family; good home; references; $2 a week.
Box 2606, Call office." ' • V >".-.¦ ,...
AMATEUR singers wanted. ¦ Apply at Chutes
;.- at 6 o'clock this evening. /,
WANTED — A reliable girl for housework and
. light : washing. -, 707 Sutter r St. .-,r -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1090
-.Valencia st. :.' - • •
. ¦_ HELP WANTED— MALE.
SHIRT polisher, $12 week and' increase; flrst-
r class gardener, ? $35 and '.found; farmers/ -$1
'.. day ; milk wagon driver," $30 to , • $40 "< and
found;' 2 fruit -, farmers ' and wives, $40. and
'found;- tlemakers; 1 woodchoppers; t laborers;
•-, cooks. - waiters , and others. - J. '• F. CROSETT
& CO., 628: Sacramento st ' /
AT the ", California Employment Agency, ' S9
' • - Third St.. near Call bldg. : phone ¦ Bush 405. '
25 . redwood-, tiemakers," lie each,' :, fare; ad-.
-j. vanced , to Job. :.....: ". . ..... .".. . .....;
'•^.Foreman: for" section Bawmill...$2 50 per day,
- 2 section hands...... »".".". '.$1 75 per. day
..Sawmill, blacksmith "...'...::.. $3 00 per day
., Stationary; engineer; .$2 50 per day
:. 3 woodchopper3;,7r. .V.".".V.;'.".$2 00 per cord
ANDRE'S Of flee.. 316 Stockton bt. ;
Cook ; for institution, '- $40; second cook, * $C0;
...butler, $45; waiter, $7.; a. week; dishwasher
. for delicacies ' store,' $5 a week ; shoemaker/
$12 a week; etc.'-f-' ; ; ¦; ;•:'<¦-::¦¦; ' •>.'--' , -¦
A — MIDDLE-AGED -cook .for > few .men.'t small
<, club. $40; hall "boy, $15 ;j colored bell:, boy,
V $15. ., MRS/ M. E. DAY ' & CO., - 335 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS -mechanical , draughtsman . and
..designer for detail work on heavy rhachinery;
state experience > In 'detail.^.,- Box, 3191.'; Call.'/ :
GOOD/ steady barber will learn of something to
\ his advantage) by calling at 50 Steuart-st.,'
¦• between 1. and ,4 d. m. ' . '. V.':^
FIRST-CLASS barber >. wanted ; eteady ; i short
- hours. 239 California' st' ¦
PLUMBER' S helper ;¦ and • also • a : boy to : learn
v trade. V Apply 1711^ Polk at, - - , • -
S <• HF.I.r \')W \ \TKI1— M.A 't!k— CoW/ ~
MURRAY & READY! '. . . . . . .Phone Main 6848
,V- -Leading. Employment- and Labor Agents..'
• ...... r:. .... 034-U36 Clay Street. . . . ... .'.' ..'.•
. ..'.....;.. OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.........'-
5 plow teamsters, south... ....".$30 and found
¦j -Blacksmith, ranch, Santa Clara county......
'.;'.... .:.. ..... .".'.. .... ..'. .:..... $35 and \ found
Bakery: wagon driver, "city. ./:$49> and found
. Foreman for- fruit ranch; ."machine hand,'
country planing mill; 14 men to chop wood,
make posts,' pickets/ties, shingles, bolts, etc.,
big wages; 5 farmers; 10 choremen and chore-
boy. (boy for. store); furnace men;;dairy men;
etc. / . < r. , :
Farmer and wife, good Job... ..$45 and found
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .... ~ .
Butcher, small country shop; 5 cooks, $35 to
. ; $50; cook, restaurant, $14 a week; 6 wait-
ers ....:....'. ....$35, $30 and $25 and found
Cake baker.'baker, small shop. ..'........ .$35
Kitchen help ; baker" s helper, near city, $25
and found. ' , . . r, '.-f-.--.-y,
MURRAY & READY........ 634-G36J Clay st.
WANTED— -A thoroughly reliable "fcnd com-
- puetept traveling salesman , . familiar with
" • dry goods, notions, salary or commission; ap-
plicants must state age, experience, refer-
ences, salary desired, confidential, box 31S9,
; Call office. '; ... ¦ ' • ' ¦
WANTED — Partner at. once with $100; old es-
tablished business requiring two; a rare op-
portunity. Address 1016 Market st. r. 1O.>
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
. good opportunity to right man. F.- PERSON,
; room 412, Parrott building.'
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
. month. Apply at 209 Kearny Bt.room 1.
A GOOD dishwasher wanted; call at 7 a. m.
134 Third st
DISHWASHER wanted. 108 Hayea st
GOOD, experienced waiter wanted at 1507 Mar-
ket st, near Eleventh. - -
ALL' sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.. 5C3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A bookkeeper familiar with family !
' accounts and able to' handle a large ledger in '
first-class shape ;> 600 to. 700 accounts; must!
have good references and be able to add i
rapidly and accurately; permanent place; ,
. $12 50 a week to begin; give "age and ex- j
perlence and where last employed. Box 8160, •
Call office. "¦••-¦. j
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
6. navy; able-bodied; unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
i Inch; able to speak and read English. For \
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco. ¦
WANTED^-Rellable young man with $125
cash;. plain indoor work; no experience ¦ nee- I
essary; $15 a .week; steady place; only those tj
meaning business apply. Brown, 1221 Market.
WANTED — Business man capable of present-
ing a new proposition: salary. Call 9 to 12.
819 Market St., San Francisco or room 41,
McDonough building, Oakland.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight I
weeks: tools donated; situation guaranteed; ]
• catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, Cal. . 1
WANTED— La borers:- and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin, . Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large-
rooms; 25c per night; $1' to $2 per week. |
MEN to learn barber trade : barbers In de- i
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER'COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. •
A — $125; STEADY man as partner in good pay-
. ' ing business; will pay $20 a week. 88 Third.
WANTED — First-class barber, steady, at 41
Sutter st
BOY, 17 years, of good address; opportunity to
¦ advance. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market Bt.
RIGHT man for side line gloves for the north;
) state experience. Box 3150. Call. ;
WANTED — Errand | boys, large, not under 15
;. years. Nathan-Dohrmann Co.. 124 Sutttr-'st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard
MeDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
¦ the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
BOO MEN to buy new: and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard at. nr. Sth.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 1096
Valencia st .
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
cured, ladles or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Thursday, Jan. 2, at 11 a. m ¦ at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE,- Auctioneer. /.^~;.>
FOR sale at a bargain, well advertised horse
market: complete outfit - for breaking and
J handling horses; low rent; good location.
Box 3076. Call. : - - ¦ : .
HORSES— 100 head to select from: good single
drivers from $20 up. JOHN H. HALTON,
1732 Market st.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon." one i-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st
400 FINE young mules for sale or exchange.
Parker's ranch, Lockford, or A. F. ROOKER,
Stockton.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. Jufcr H. HALTON, 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EQAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^— PRINTED^Us^haaserToTlet^en^rtaPclr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
~ LOST AND FOUXD. ~™
LOST— On Dec. 30, in the vicinity of Sacra-
mento and Devlsadero- sts., a .brown and
¦ ¦ white setter bitch, with plain leather collar.
Return to 2100 Devlsadero st. and -receive re-
ward. - _ . : - ¦ ¦ . —
LOST — Discharge paper and $50 Wells. Fargo
express order; payment stopped. Return to
FRANK REES, Hastings clothing store. Sut-
ter and Montgomery sts. ; $10 reward.
LOST— -New Year's eve, coming from 20th and
Folsom to Western Addition, silver buckle on
black velvet ribbon; keepsake. Return. 124%
Wildey st; bet. Bush and Pine; reward.
LOST — On the street, on New Year's eve,'. Dec.
31,' a black silk-faced overcoat. . Finder will
be rewarded by • returning • same to A. K.
BUCKMAN. 26 Montgomery st
$100 : REWARD — Lost, Tuesday; evening, one
- emerald with two diamonds and one solitaire
: diamond ring. Return 104 Front st
LOST— Black : curly bob-tailed " dog; name
"Bob." Return : to . S. ' P. Co.'s general bag-
. gage room, ferry depot; $10 reward; \- ¦
LOST— Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny; reward. 626 ' California- st. r .
LOST — St. Bernard yellow ¦ and white bitch
pup. . Return to . 175 Chestnut st. ; reward.
IF party return overcoat to 024 Eddy st.
. ;he will avoid trouble.' ; ,' ¦ .
LOST — Lady's gold watch; initials A. W. G.;
reward. -Return 217 'Post st, room 17.''
LOST— On Washington St.. between Van Ness
. ave. and Taylor st.- man's gold ring. Finder
return to ,W.: AMES.' 324 Montgomery et, and
receive reward. . •".. ' :
LOST— Cross bet.' pointer • and setter dog, brown
and .curly, * medium .- stubby tail," white ¦ on
breast, some, white on ~ head: leather collar
. on; brass mountings. ."Return 2 , Sutter: $5. '
STRAYED— Dec. , 3. . 1001, 1 white .bull .'terrier
¦' dog, dark ; spot - over eye and. hip; ears and
•. tall , not . cut. Return to manager Klevers"
' Nursery, cor. Chestnut and Polk sts.; reward.
LOST— Black ; and : white " cocker, spaniel " named
k Fanny;: reward. ; C2C -, California , st. < , ,
LOST— -Dec.'; 22, ; black cocker spaniel dog. Re-
turn - ; 1334 Stevenson st.:- receive reward. .
LOST— Sunday evening.^ pair of eyeglasses with
. ¦¦ chain: ' 73C Bush " st. ; ¦: reward.
IT ¦' will f pay to .."Remember'.' j that the Calif or-
"•',nia'. Watch Case Co.; 220 Sutter st; needs old
gold and Ellver.to make new watch cases.- '.
> ""^ MACHTXE r WORKS. >'.;- .-" -'¦ f
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento st
builds •¦ models . and experimental > machinery;
.. mine hoists 4/8. -12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
|SP^^° . MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN - , wishing •: to marry i wealthy
'ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. '706 Ellis..
Jj MATTRESSES AXDl'lLLOWS:
TO : order,' " also .cleaned - and -setrillzed.^ uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest .work guar-'
* nteed. - HOPKE - BROS., 411 i to ; 416 . Powell
;-. at ; tel. Bush 4U.'«HHNaM)Mi^&S39g£ <
;___ ¦ .' . - MEDICAL. •..•'.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are . sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
. medicines rave been . used; for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been . relieved by my medical treatment; free
-confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
* cate\nat:ire: classes of female complaints
treated ; rti lef to the longest cases. -DR. j.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
sity, Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement, ?15; room and board. $5 week:
•j infants adopted; will take 2 to work at my
> private residence. 606 Guerrero st.,' near
Eighteenth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies' specialist;
' 30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
-¦ - MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st. near
. Taylor, fcrrrnly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles" physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 006 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1128 Market St.. S.F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 * Alabama
st., near 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs. _
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1»5-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253/255 Spear St. .
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
. lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
8. WHITE, 516-5-'Q Mission St.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
- $2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
St., upstairs.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, (1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
¦ lined sai^, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1S15, worth $250 only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ..
20-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton St. _^
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 .Webster; teL Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches,' rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 3S6 Mission st,
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKS. 13d Beale st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-haqd modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg.. Co.,' 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK; 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Address at once, box 1205. Call of ace.
TILTON wants' good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid 1 for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
. MOSEY TO LOAN.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
' on first and second mortgages
Life Interests in estates
< Property being held In trust .......
Undivided interests In real estate .....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
. SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ~,
$300,000 at SVj & 6 per cent in sums to cult;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, ¦ life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a". ova securities. TeL Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. '¦
First, second and third mortgages...
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3 1
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; Srst,
second and third msrtgages, estates in pro-
bate, Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing /and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant av., nr. Mkt; tel. Black 6471.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal ; any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO., 027 Market st, room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603. .
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at O per cent per
annum. « MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
- est rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
' t'.&\. Room 3 Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
3% ON furniture and nianos: $15 nn; no re-
moval. .Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 MXt
ON salaries. <N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
connted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
, strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
sltlons. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Wfrttrn Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTIlUMEJfTS.
A GOOD thing to remember— -We are not
conducting a "fake" sale of pianos nor sell-
Ing for less than cost; neither are we giv-
ing pianos away for the sake of getting them
- out of the house; no reliable or honest firm
does, or claims to do any of these things.
If you want a good piano at a reasonable
price, we have Just what you want, ' as you
can find out by calling. You can select
from Wissner, Decker & Son, Baumelster,
!. ¦ Bteger or Singer. ; Payments accepted If you
do not car'' to pay cash. THE ZE5JO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7«) Market st
AGAIN -we remind you that "our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
•'-. easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $8. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
¦ MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny. and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.-
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. :
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
HAMILTdN^pfanos.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
. CECIL1 AN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.'. •'- .
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-31^ Post st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— . ~~
- Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
. Second-hand cquare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from '$175 up.- BENJ. CURTAZ &
BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
& Hamlln, Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright . piano, $85; elx-octave
Mason C& , HamMn . , organ, $o5; Stelnway
square. $100; elegant burr walnut Cameron
upright used only few months." $27.->: Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. ROWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth st; IVERS &.POND. Agents.
ALL makes, rent $2 up^ credited if purchased"
Installments j$3 up: big allowance for ¦ old
pianos; bargains $25 up In Stelnways, Hettie
% Chlckering, • etc. HEINE PIANO CO. : 217
i Geary st. ¦ ~ _ . . ¦> -
A— SLAUGHTER ¦ sale of storage pianos ; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage,; 1710 Market st
> Mt»iCAi,' ixsTninmvr*— c«tu ; ¦
ANTVlano VoTd " by ~us~ taken "bixck any Urns
within 2 years and full purchase price a.-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular ,
price; ecsts you only SIM a day to buy a p^no
from us. KOHLKR & CHASE. 30 OFaneM
St.; established 1S50. '
A STECK. Everett, Hardman, Ludwlg. Pack-
ard. Klnssbury or Smith & J? 3 "!® 3 P !an ,°
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!' ¦ __ J
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100
upward; valuta best In the city. PIERCK d
PIANO FACTORY. Market. ¦ 14th fe Church.
PARITY going away; must rent, sell or storw
upright Steinway piano. Box 31SC, Call.
$150 — ON sale upright grand; cost $C00; maka
cash offer. Room 36. 217 Geary st. '
PARTY called East i«i forced to sacrifice lars*
new $50O upright grand piano. S4.J Turk st. .
$175 — a RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbemia Bk.
5125-i-SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornnng. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MtTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« pages, in wrapper for rriai::nj:. $1 per year.
OFFICES AMI STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. 328 — Handsome large store, cheap:
also 804 Sansome Et. : reduced S10.
OIL.
OIL tanks, secend hand. In good order; all
fizes: cheap H. S. WHITTC. 51 « Mission ¦>*.
l'A LJS 1 ST RT.
G L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
'lege, reads 1 to 4. 7C0 Pest ; phone Hyde 2U3J.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: toi. Black 5S1.
~ FERSOaiXLS. _
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15- with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants froe of charge; othar suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready: J. W. E\ AN3.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying, latest
Continental methods; electric roieau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc., removed by electrlo
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California at.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 7i)0 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $C per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry. r
ARTISTIC hairdressing, manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON,"
324 Post st.; switches at bargain prices.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbui,
Ohio. m '
RAG carpets wove to order and for nale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer 1.1
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 7C9 Fifth. Oakland.
Shampooing, 50c; wrinkle3 removed, 50c; hair-
dressing, any style. 25c: the best swltche9,
$1. $1 50. $2. Q. LEDERER, 123 Stockton at.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in laCiss' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 15tt Sth.
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-<juarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO., 1310-i::i2 Storkton St., near Broadway.
Bins Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock.
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can "be found tine stock of ladies 1 underwear.
PROF. BAKER, select boxing school; open
even.. 7 to 10; terms reasonable. 2G0 8th st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltU
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia St.. corner 10th.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J. B. RAX. 457 Minna st.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair moles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
» . i
ELECTRIC • needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
VASQIJERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50."
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Uupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,'
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFRED UMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PATESTS AND l'E.\SIO>S.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell. la>y<r. Examiner bldg.
PHYSICIANS A.NO Sl'BGEO.MS.
DR. d. C O'DONNELL— Office and resTdence^ -
1021% Market st., bet Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WOKO WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-768 Clay st. ; gee testimonials at office.
PLANING AXD TURNING 3H1XS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 M»s-
Elon at.: tel. Howard &41. F. W. ZEHKUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlmc Com-
pany, 23V!0 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
DIYIDEXD NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery its. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. laOl. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term itesoslti at
the rats of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
1 after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the prtndaal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1. 1902. J
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETT. 101 Mont-
gomery st.. corner of Sutter — The board of
directors declared a dividend for the terra
ending December 31. 1901. at tha rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2, 1002. Dividend*
c« called for are added to and bear th»
same rate of dividend as tha principal from
and after January 1. 1002.
CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Savtnss and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
fits.; San Francisco. Dec. 30, 1901. At a
regular meeting of , the board of directors of
this society, held* this day. a dividend has
be«n declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum, on all &a- '
posits for the six months ending December
31. 1901. Free from all taxes and payable
on and after January 2. 1902. ROBERT J '•
TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savlng s Bank."
222 Montgomery st.. Mills building— For thi
half-year ending December 31. 1901. dividends
on term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be payabla
on and after January 2. 1002. S. L. ABBOT
JR., Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.— A dividend. No. 37. of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company haa been declared
payable at the office of the comDanv i«
§ California St.. San Francisco. oT January
55 th ; JS. 02 - Tran 3fer books close Janua^r
3d. 1002. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Sec.
TH , E °E£ ln ,? ntal Bu »d'ng and Loan Assocla-
U , on ' 222 Sansome st.. ¦ has declared for th»
six months ending December 31. 1901. a dlvl- '
JT .°i»f pcr ceDt " er annum on Classes"A"
and-'F* stock; 6 per cent on term, deposits
and 5 per cent on ordinary deposits free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN Secretary.
m fSr,..^ b 5't year «««ns December
Sv V* dlYl 2 enfl has been declared at thSLast This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.08 15.21 20.68
Red Bluff ........ Trace 9.66 3.66
Sacramento 0.00 5.98 6.78
San Francisco Trace 5.80 7.22
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.43
Independenca 0.00 1.84 2.31
San Luis Obispo..... 0.00 . 4.06 10.20
Loa Angeles 0.00 2.45 6.79
San Diego.... ".. 0.00 O.77 '. 1.73
• San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 49; mean, 52.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 81 degrees.
January, 1892.
CAT.T, CAT/KNPAIL
HOGS— Receipts, 8700. *- Mostly 10c lower.
Light and mixed, $5 75® 6 40; pigs, $3 75@4 75.
SHEEP — Receipts: 140. Strong. Top lambs,
$3 85; top wethers, $4 25. : •
BT. JOSEPH, Mo.. Jan. 1.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 800. Steady; natives. 13 25^7 35; cows
and heifers, $1 50@5 25; veals, $2 50i©5 75;
stockers and feeders, $2 2504 35. - ,
The Livestock Market.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Pacific slope and. a storm of moderate energy
is central off the ' Washington coast. Cloudy
weather prevails west of the Rocky .Moun
tains, as rain is falling from the Upper Sac
ramento Valley northward to the British pos
sessions. • ¦ ¦ ¦ •-.¦•¦
The temperature Is generally above the nor
mal over the Pacific slope and the changes
have been slight in all districts. . .
Storm warnings have been ordered at * Ku
reka for • high southerly wind from Point
Arena northward.
Forecast made - at San . Francisco for I thirty
hours ending . midnight January 2:
Northern « California— Cloudy . with rain
Thursday; fresh to brisk southerly wind, high
off the coaat.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday,- prob
ably showers in northern portion; light south
erly wind. /
. Nevftda— Cloudy with rain Thursday; brisk
southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, with
rain Thursday; fresh to brisk southerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
: FORECAST. ..
1'- Lawrence J.*' Dwyer » to Alice " Dwyer, ! : undi
vided : half of ; following ; : r - Lot : on ' SE , line ¦. of
Klssllng -. street, - 214 :9% SW. of . Eleventh; SW
21 :9 3-16, . SE 80, ' NE 20:7 9-16, ; NW; 80; also
i Harriet_M-' Tollea to R. C- Chambers, ' lot : on
N lino of • Sacramento ; street, ¦ 128 :9 E : of Bu
chanan, E 77:0 by N ; 127:8%: also allinterest
in I any , other property, owned I by ' Eudora I Tolles
Chambers, who died July » l,v 1897, ; quitclaim
deed; S10. V<f "' : - '
Julius and Alfred -Weilhelmer ¦ and Henry G.
W. Dlnkelsptel t to : Emma ' C. Levy,' lot on • 8
line of. Hayes street.;32:2 B of Octavla/E 30:4,
S 120, W,27:6, N 47, W 2:10, N'73; |10. V .
• Emma ¦', C. ., Levy > to : ; Alfred iWeilheimer • and
Henry G. W.'Dinkelspiel. (trustees Alfred Weil
hetmer • and ¦ Mark - Levy), •¦ same, .; reserving life
estate: S10.^J«yaHWJ^'.y»W»'>aia'"Mi!lJi^^^vn-.
HEAL ESTATE TRAITS ACTIONS.
Weather Report.
(120th , Meridian^- Pacific Ttaie.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 1 — 5 p. m.
.The following are the seasonal rainfalls , to
date. a« compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours: ' . . . . .'
; . Oakland . Bank - of - Savings ', to . R. A." Dague,
lot on S line of Enclnai avenue (since widening
Vltalls H. and Mary A. -Park to Hans P.*
Nielsen, slots 8. to 8,-blockJ,.Map Stona Traot,
being subdivision lots 4 to 5, Stone subdivision,
Brooklyn Township; $10. •, '- : -r .:. • V. -.-. :
• Bernard Ransoma and . . Martha Hutchlnson
Ransome (wife) :.to Peter Tellter. lot - on S
line of Parsons street. 160 W of Lowell,^W
43.96, S 100.27, : E; 82.78, N to a' line parallel
with . Lowell street, - 100 ."to beginning, * lot 6,
block • C, - Map of ¦ J. E. McElrath, Tract, etc.,
Oakland; $10. ,..:-; '¦•.;. .. . > .
James ;W.* Walsh to Catherine Koenlg (wife
of Henry), lot on E- line', of ; Myrtle street,
75:0U S of Twenty-first, S 25 by E125,. being
lot 30 i map ' of subdivision of Wall street, etc. .
Oakland: $10. ,-,••-•' .
..- Mary 'GUlam (widow) to Emll Gosch lot on
S corner of East Nineteenth street and Twen
ty-first avenue, - SE 50 by SW 140/ lots 23 and
24, block 38, Map of San -Antonio, subject to
deed of trust for $450. East Oakland; $10. ¦¦'¦
. ; Frederlka Laumelster . (widow) to C. 8. Wes
ton, .lot 19. i block 12. map of plat 6, ; Raneho V."
and D. • Peralta, : property .- - of ••;.; J. ' S. - Emery,
Emeryville.' Oakland t Township; $10. - ••¦•;•¦.•¦' >
C.I s:-. Weston ¦ (single) •". to . George Sterling,
same, >¦ Oakland, Township ;; $10.. •- . .'. ••. -. :
\ Agnes ¦ E. » Gardner . (widow) ¦ to James '¦ Kof od.'
lot on^W" line, of -Mil via 'street. 160 N-of-Vir
ginia,, N. 50 by »W. 135. lot 9,. block A, Eureka
Homestead, Berkeley: $10.- ;
Ellen ¦ Folger (widow) to Ernest R. • Folger
lot on E line of Webster street, 266 N of
Fourteenth.. N 50 by E 150. being N 60 feet
of lot 13, Map of Lander and Casserly Tracts,
back of College blocks, Oakland; gift.
. Robert J. McMullen to Huldah^M.- A. Clau
sen, lot on W line of Mil via street. 235 N of
Cedar, N 25 by W, 130,* being- a portion of
block 6, Graves and Taylor Tract, . deed given
to release to second party all Interest 'in and
to 598 D. 228. indebtedness having been paid,
quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $10. !• •. . - - ¦
Ruby Hill Vineyard Company (a corporation)
to D. J. Greger. lots 19 to 23, block 163. Oak
land; $10. .
* Margaret Hackett to Jennie and Rose Hack
ett. lot on N lin» of Twenty-fourth Btreet,
183:4 B of Linden; B-83:4 by N 101. being
a portion rot block 639, Boardman's Map, Oak
land; gift. ' -¦¦•¦••- - -
' Margaret Hackett (widow) and Jennie an<)
Rose Hackett (both slngla)- to James Hackett.
lot 25, block 78, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland ;
gift ¦.-..-- • . ¦¦¦;•¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦-'¦ - -- : ¦ ¦ ¦
Frank G. Dunn to Edward C. Sessions Jr.,
land bounded N by right of way of Western
Pacific (now Southern or Central Pacific) Rail
road. S by ship channel, Eby center line of
Ninth avenue extended S to ehlp channel and
W by center line of. Fifth avenue extended S
to ship channel, quitclaim deed. East Oakland;
$10.:-.-. ¦•,.•¦¦¦-.:- ¦¦--. -¦¦¦ . ¦ • .'
California Improvement Company to E. C.
Sessions,' land bounded by, right of way of
W division of Central Pacific Railroad, a* now
used W by center line . of . Fifth : avenue (or
Strode street) as it would be if extended S
across harbor. line of ship channel, S by said
ship channel and E , by > center line • of Ninth
avenue -as if; extended S to shin channel, in
cluding in part premises described. in decree
quieting title Hall vs. Larue. 212 D. 361, quit
claim deed.' East Oakland; $10. . - ;.
• B. C Sessfons to Edward C. Sessions Jr.,
same, East Oakland;. $10. -. . - it*-. .
- Scenic Park Realty Company (a corporation)
to Mrs. -Mary. J. -Stockton, lot 17, block 6,
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
. O. G. and Eliza B. May to -Dennis Goodsell,
lot on W line of Dana street; 89:8 N of.Carl
ton. N by W. 127:6. lot 3. block C.
Leonard Tract,' Berkeley; $10. . . -
Alameda County.
William Elsenberg .to California FJre' Works
Company of San Francisco, lot on 8 corner of
Sixteenth avenue and L street, SW 100 by SE
75 block 328, South'San Francisco; $10. • " ¦¦¦
¦ Louis Estacaille to ' George . P. ¦ Wilson, ' lots
27 and 30, block 10, Sunny side; $10. »
Jacob Heyman Company (corporation) to C.
J. Swift, lot 232. Heyman Tract; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Thyra L. Crane
(wife of Earl F.), lot 7, block B, Getz Addition
to Lakevlew; $10. - ¦ - -^ ,
W. M. Gardy to Frank McCabe, Jots 35 to
38, block F, Lakevlew; {704.
William T. Wallace to William S. Wren, lot
on B line of Ninth avenue, 150 N of C street,
N 25 by E 120; $10.
!¦• Louisa A. -Morrison (widow) to Frank M.
Channing, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 225
8 of Clement street, S 25 by E 120; $10. • -
¦ San Francisco Land ' Company . to I* F.
Starks, lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 175 S
of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; also authoriza
tion attached for all lots in O. L. block 77; $10.
• Pacific Rolling Mills Company (corporation)
to Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, lot com
mencing on center line of Nineteenth and Mary,
land streets, 8 to Twentieth, W to Louisiana,
8 to point 131:8 S to Twentieth, W 135:3%,
SW 273:7%, S 83, W to center line of Georgia,
S to point 154 S of Twenty-second, E to cen
ter of. Water Front street, N to center of Nine
teenth, W to beginning, and all property of
first party in P. N., • easements, rights of
way, building, machinery, excepting NE corner
of Twenty-second and Louisiana. N 125,' E 100,
S 25, E 100. S 100, W 200, and certain personal
property; $550,000. . • \ ¦
Kstate Charles 8. Johnson Cby William' B."
Pringle, | administrator) ' to Henry Kahn, undi
vided fourth of lot on NE line of Spear street,
lS3:4-SE-of Mission, SE 45:10 by NE 275;
$10,325. — —
Covlngton Johnson, Juliet J. Mezes and Cor
nelia J.?Pringle to same; all of same; $10.
"William B. Prlngle to same, all of same; $10.
Henry and Alice Kahn to Sperry Flour Com
pany (corporation), all of same; $10. •
Joseph Cheney or Chesney.vs. Rosalie Bron
dex (by G. •• H." Umbsen, referee) to James H.'
Heck, lot on SE line of Tehama street, 200 E
of Sixth, E 25 by S 80; $3050. - ,- ¦-< * t
- Leander Shores to George N. Will lame, lot on
W line of Hyde Btreet, 100 S of Sutter, S 37:6
by W 116:6, quitclaim deed; $10. - \
George N. and Mary J. Williams to Calvin
E. Knickerbocker, same ; $10. - . •
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Robert
G. Hooker, same; $10. " * . ;
Edward A. Keil to Goldberg, Bowen & Co.
(corporation), lot on N line of Post street, 137:6
E of Hyde, E 26:9, N 137:6. E 33:3. N 137:6,
W 60. S 276:, $10.- ¦••¦*• •¦•¦•» • ¦•. ¦ -
Jennie W.. and. Clinton Cushing to H. F. Du
gan Company (corporation)," lot on NE corner
of Sutter and Taylor streets. E 21:10% by N
81:8; »10. - ¦:.¦¦ •
Ellen McGulrk (widow) to James H. Mc-
Gulrk, lot on W line of Jansen street, 71:6 N
of Greenwich. N 22 by W 50; gift.
Marie - Maubec, George Lamaree, Louise I Pas
quion and Archibald Barnard to Charles H.
and Mary < A. Athearn. lot on S line of Bush
Btreet, 80 W Of 8tockton. W 78, S 67:6, W 39:6,
S 30, E 60, 8 60, B 57:6, N 137:6; |10.
.Matilda Blair to George Blair, lot on E line
of Chatham place, 90 N of Bush street, N 23:9
by E 60; gift. ' :
Mary or Maria Cereghlno et al. to Mary Cer
eghlno and I/Uigi Llnari, lot on W line of Union
place. 140:6 S of Union, street, S 20 by W
62:6; $2880.
. ." Maria Garborino to Catherina. Munch (wife
of Robert), lot on S line of Green street, 120
W of Kearny, W 38, S 137:6, B 20:3, N 77:6,
E 17:9, N 60: Klft.: >
Jean M. and Caroline R. Gales, Charles Sa
lanne, i Gulseppe Maggini. Gabriele Contl ' (by
Howard Park, commissioner) to Edward J. Le
Breton, lot on NE corn«r ol Montgomery are
nue and W Kearny street, NW 109:6, N 26:6%,
E 22:6, N 7:6, B 7:6, N 7:6, E 40:1%, S
125:7%; $50,435. ,
George W. and Amanda M. McNear to Mer
cantile Trust Company, lot on B line of .Mont
gomery street. 97:6 N of Pine, N 40, E 195:6,
S 62:6, W 36, S 20, W 22. N 32:6, W 137:6;
$150,000. ' ¦"¦¦
Eliza C. ( Herbert (Comerf ord) (and as execu
trix estate of Joseph Comerf ord) to William J.
McKlllop.lot on W line of Bartlett street. 1357
8 of Twenty-sixth, ,.8 72:6, NW 126:5%, K 64:2,'
E 125; $2000.- . - ' ;
Philip Maas to Marie A. Maas (wife), lot on
N line of Seventeenth street, 160 W of Noe, W
CO by N 130; gift.
Western Investment Company (corporation)
to N. A., D. S..-F. A. and Dora I. Dora,- lot on
SW. corner of Haight and Broderick streets, W
80 by S 120; $10. - • . v,
¦- Fannie L. Weldon to George Samper, > lot on
E line of Baker street. 102:8% Not Washing
ton, N 25 by E 112:6; $10. i. : -. i
Gustave L. Bresse to Emma L. Bresse (wife),
lot on SW corner. of Clay and Baker, streets, S
27:8% by W 102:6; gift. . :
. M. A. Dorn to C. A. Dorn, undivided half in
lot on W line ¦ of Belvedere street, 185 N of
Frederick. N 60 by W 120; $10. .
lots 1 to 14,: tract A, People's Homestead Asso
ciation, .being block bounded by Rlckard, Ga
ven,' San Bruno road and Railroad avenue; gift.
Stephen A. and Mary L.~ Born "to Amber. H.
Stiles (wife of Alexander),' lot on t S line of
Union street, 143:9 W of Flllmorej • W 25 by S
137:6; $10.: .•,--- ¦ * .
- Clara Stierlin ~ (widow) to - Mary : E. .- Stlerlln
Schaefer, lot on ,W line '. of : Flllmore street,
112:6 S of McAllister." 8 25 by W 87:6; gift.
Cora B. and Sidney V. Smith to Edward W.
King, lot on S line of Sacramento street, 137:6
W of Walnut, W 68:9 by S 132:7%; $10.
¦¦ Charlotte L. Snow to Otis B.%V.ngell. lot on
SE line of Mission street, 221:6 SW of Twelfth,
SW. 73:9%. NE 139:10, N 61 :10^; SW. 138:3;
$10." -.- ¦ ~". . -¦ ¦ :• ,-' .?;¦ : ¦¦ .-¦-,¦..- :
Mary E. and Gustave P. Bartel to Robert E.
Newman, lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 280
S of California street, S 26 by W 120; $7.
William T. Wallace to Alice ¦ Bush, ' lot on E
line of Ninth avenue, 175 N of C street, N 25
by B 120; $10. -..'• • ¦-¦•¦ ¦ . '• •
City, and County of San Francisco to Joseph
Deacon, lot on W line of " Thirteenth ¦¦ avenue,
211 S of J street, SW 90:5,. SE 171:10. NE
71:10, N 172:10; $ . . - , .
Estate of Frederick : E. or ' F. E. Luty (by
Ella R. Luty. executrix) to W. M. Gardner, lota
1 and 10, block .41, Sunnyvale Homestead As
sociation: also . lots ¦ 2 and . 3. block 12, - Noe
Garden Homestead- Union; also lot 5, 'block 17,
Noe Garden Homestead Union; also lot 1, block
241, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; also v property outside of
county: $175. . .. ' ¦-'¦¦
John ' H. . and Charlotte R. Spring to Olive
Verkouteren, lot • on SW. corner of San Bruno
avenue and - Sllllman street. S . 25 by W 100.
lot 1, block 2, University Mound; also lot on W
line of San Bruno avenue, 100 S of Sllllman
street, S 25 by W 120, lot 2, block 2, same; $10.
Olive -Verkouteren to Frank Egan, lot on-W
line of San Bruno avenue, ,100 S of Sllllman
street, S 25 by W 120, .lot 2, block 2, same;
$10. •- . . ¦* .--¦, - ¦- •¦- -
Frederick Hellwig ; to John Pf orr, lot on 8
line of McAllister street, 55 E of Buchanan, E
82:6 byS 120; $10V , ¦- , . ,
Leon and Nellie Carrau to, Walter A. Green,
lot . . on < SE ' corner ' of Geary and Buchanan
streets, E 62, S 96. E 75:6. S 110:3. W 137:6,
N 206:3; $10.- - -¦¦¦¦-.
¦ Emma G. Butler to Mary A. Crlchton; lot on
W line of Flllmore, street, 63 N of Sutter, N
25 by W* 100: $10. . . „ '
Peter . Crichton to same . (wife), same, quit
claim deed; $1.; ."- '- . '. ...••. .
"•'¦¦Mary "E." Daniels. to Thomas W. and C. C.
Rivers, lot on SW corner of Page and Devisa
dero streets, S 32 by W 100; $10. :¦ -
- Julius H. Berghauser (owner) - with Carl N.
P.. Ahlgren (contractor), architects Mertens &
Coffey— All work except plumbing, painting,
electrical and heating work, etc., for a three
story and attic frame building on N line of
Washington street. 165 E of Devlsadero, E 27:6
by N 127:8%; $7500. , .
- Adolph • Meyer (owner) with John H.'- Mun
ster (contractor), architects same— AH work
except plumbing, painting, ' electrical work,
heating, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
a two-story frame residence on E line of De
vlsadero street, . 82:6 N of Pine, N 22:6 by E
100; $4748.
Frank Egan (owner) with Erik Boes (con
tractor and architect) — Air work for a two-
Story frame building on W line of San Bruno
avenue 1 100 S of Sllllnian street. S 25 by W
120, lot 5, block 2, University Mound Survey;
$1300. • ' ¦ .-. .•¦•_¦
P. G. Somps (owner) I with Charles J. and
Louis A. Kern (contractors), architect E.- J.
Vogel — Carpenter work, roofing and tinning,
plastering, electric, glass and hardware for a
three-story frame building, concrete foundation
(flats), on E line of Bartlett street. 36:10 N of
Twenty-second. N 60:5, E 125, S 61:6, W to be
ginning; $11,600. '
Same owner with Henry Hufschmidt (con
tractor), architect same — Plumbing, . gas and
water piping and sewering for same on same;
$2139.
. William Helblng (owner) with Fred C. C. An
derson < (contractor), architect William- Helb
lng — Brick and terra cotta work for a four
story and basement brick building, on S line
of Bush street, 137:6 W of Powell, W 46 bjr 3
137:6; $8260.
- Same owner with M. Levy (contractor), arch
itect same — Sewering connections, gas fitting,
plumbing and hot water heaters, for same on
same; $46O0.
Mrs. Kate E. Bleser (owner) with J. Kalshln
and Thomas Came (contractors), architect Wil
liam Koenlg— All work for a two-story frame
building (four flats), on SW corner of Noe and
Elizabeth streets, S 51 by W 105; $8300. . . :-i
Joseph Marsden (owner) with Frederick W.
Kern (contractor),' architect Ralph W k Hart —
All work except heating and painting for' a
two-story attic and basement , dwelling house
on NW corner « of ¦ Sacramento ¦ and Cherry
streets, W 35:6 by N 102:8%; (12.000.
Minnie P. ShotweU (owner) with William F.
"Wilson Company - (contractors) architect Na
thaniel Blaisdell — Plumbing, gasflttlng, piping
for hose reels and sewering for a six-story and
basement brick building on S line of Eddy
street, 137:6 W of Mason. W 55 by S 137:6:
$14,188. . -
The San Francisco Girls* Union (owner) with
A. H. Wilhelm (contractor), architects Havens
& Toepke— All work except plumbing, sewer-
Ing, jrasnttlng and i painting: for a three-story
and basement frame building with brick foun
dation on '8 line of Bush street. 183:6 "W of
Powell, .W 46 by S 137:6; $12,921.
L Same' owner with WJ1 Ham P. Wilson Com
pany (contractor), arhitects same — Plumbing,
sewering and gasflttlng for same - on same ;
$1678. . . -• ' - . . - -
Builders' Contracts.
to 80 feet). 200 W- of 'Oak street, W 50 by S
140, portion of block I, lands adjacent toiEn
clnal, Alameda; $10. '
-Lena P. and Hansford B. Griffith to A. W.
Berry, lots 00, to 02, Drexler Tract, Oakland;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JA^NIJARY 2, 1902.
11
STATION.
3
2 SO
? f 1
a
f
s
0
Baker 30. 2« 40 SO SB
Astoria 29. 82 64 42 E
Carson ...i... 30.22 46 28 N
Euraka ......29.94 68 44 SE
Fresno .......30.28 64 40 E
Flagstaff 80.24 64 24 E
Pocatello, Ida.30.40 : 38 40 NW
Independence 130.20 50 ' 38 SW
Los Angeles. .30.14 76 62 W I
Phoenix 30.12 74 40 NW
Portland .....29.90 60 40 SB
Red Bluff 30.14 54 42, SW
Roseburg ....29.94 42 36 SB
Sacramento ..30.12 62 44 E
Salt Lake 30.38 44 28 NW
Ban Frandsco.30.14 54 60 NE
R L. Obispo. .30.16 76 40 N
San Diego. .. .80.08 .76 62 NW
Seattle 29.94 64 60 N
Spokane 30.20 "44 30 NW'
Neah Bay.... 20. 84 54 46 . B
Walla Walla.. .29.78- 62 32 S
¦WInnemucca .30.24 46 24 NE
Yuma ;..30.10 76 48 N .
Cloudjr .OO
Cloudy • T.
Cloudy .00
Rain .08
Cloudy J .00
Pt Cldy .00
; Cloudy . T.
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Rain T.
Rain . .0-2
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Kata T.
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .01
Rain T.
Rain 1.58
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .CO
Clear .00
-
—i
"•
x -
|Moon'a Phaaea
h" 1
-
¦.«
*
fj" January 1,
• January 0.
New Moon.
" B;
-
-
T
9
16
fa
pf
12
19
T
&
hr
R
hr
r="
1T
22
w
21
~ii~
25
-m Janu'ry 16,
28
IF
m
ra
30
/C5\ Janu'ry 23,
va/Full Moon.
____
- —
-—
— -
_
— -
STATION.
3
2 SO
? f 1
a
f
s
0
Baker 30. 2« 40 SO SB
Astoria 29. 82 64 42 E
Carson ...i... 30.22 46 28 N
Euraka ......29.94 68 44 SE
Fresno .......30.28 64 40 E
Flagstaff 80.24 64 24 E
Pocatello, Ida.30.40 : 38 40 NW
Independence 130.20 50 ' 38 SW
Los Angeles. .30.14 76 62 W I
Phoenix 30.12 74 40 NW
Portland .....29.90 60 40 SB
Red Bluff 30.14 54 42, SW
Roseburg ....29.94 42 36 SB
Sacramento ..30.12 62 44 E
Salt Lake 30.38 44 28 NW
Ban Frandsco.30.14 54 60 NE
R L. Obispo. .30.16 76 40 N
San Diego. .. .80.08 .76 62 NW
Seattle 29.94 64 60 N
Spokane 30.20 "44 30 NW'
Neah Bay.... 20. 84 54 46 . B
Walla Walla.. .29.78- 62 32 S
¦WInnemucca .30.24 46 24 NE
Yuma ;..30.10 76 48 N .
Cloudjr .OO
Cloudy • T.
Cloudy .00
Rain .08
Cloudy J .00
Pt Cldy .00
; Cloudy . T.
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Rain T.
Rain . .0-2
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Kata T.
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .01
Rain T.
Rain 1.58
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .CO
Clear .00
-
—i
"•
x -
|Moon'a Phaaea
h" 1
-
¦.«
*
fj" January 1,
• January 0.
New Moon.
" B;
-
-
T
9
16
fa
pf
12
19
T
&
hr
R
hr
r="
1T
22
w
21
~ii~
25
-m Janu'ry 16,
28
IF
m
ra
30
/C5\ Janu'ry 23,
va/Full Moon.
____
- —
-—
— -
_
— -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIAG.^ j
BELL The, 1773 Market— Two or three sunny
housekeeping suites; gas range; $15 and $20.
1 FULTON, 671 — .1 rooms furnished complete for
housekpg.; rent $10; front & back entrance. |
I HYDE. 145 — Housekeeping, bath and gas; also
other rooms; sunny. '¦ -" . : ¦'.
KEARNY. 624 — Large elegantly furnished
front rooms with bay-windows: .also kitchen
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 281, cor. Fourth— Furnished sunny
front rooms cheao; also housekeeping, com-
plete; reasonable. ' -•.-'•
POST. »C2 — Suite of 3 rooms, $25; single rooms
¦ from $7 to $15. - •* .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109CJ
Valencia St. -
ltOO>JS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel 234 McAllister— New. elegant,-
sunny: grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week. or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 416 O'Farrell st. — Neatly furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite or single.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms., EUites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
EDDY. 210 — Eleeant sunny suite; single and
double rooms; travelers solicited: quiet house, j
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 50 night: $1 50, $0 wk.; open all night, i
FOLSOM. 820 near Fourth — Furnished rooms
to let.
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
MINNA. 6C7, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; §1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
SEVENTEENTH. 3795^$15l modern bay"-
window flat, 4 rooms, bath; water free.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
EUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. " ¦
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt" ; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board, $22 50 up; excellent table.
CAPP. 533 — Two large connect ing rooms, with
board, in private family; grate, bath.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: excellent board; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments: conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS WASTED.
FOR light housekeeping, 2 furnished rooms for
2 months; no children; would take care of a
home in the absence of family; best of refer-
ences. Address box 3192, Call office.
Tl'PEWRITERS AMJ SUPPLIES.
GR^A^iBARGAlNsTrrTYPEW^IT^R^We
sell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :estimate free. 209 Sansome.
J^ROTOSAjLS^^^
PROPOSALS FOR PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC
PRINTING AND BINDING — Sealed propo- |
sals will be received until January 3, laid.
at 10:30 o'clock a. m., for furnishing the
paper for the public printing and binding for
the year ending 2bth of February, 1903, the
said proposals to be opened before and the
award ox contracts to be made by the Joint
Committee of Congress on - Public Printing
to the lowest and best bidder for the Inter-
est of the Government, the committee reserv-
ing to itself the right to reject any and all
bids, as Its judgment of the best interests
of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
giving the regulations with which, bidders must (
comply, can be obtained by addressing F. W. '
Palmer, Public Printer. Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying such quantities of ' paper as may be
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth In detail
In the schedule comprise:
85,500 reams machine-finish printing: paper.
21x38; . . •
20,000 reams machine-finish printing paper.
3SX4S. ;
30,500 reams sized and super-calendered
white ¦ or tinted printing paper,
various sizes.
31,500 reams white writing paper,, various
sizes and weights.
3,600 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
50,000 pounds of best plate paper.
200,000 pounds of best map paper.
1,075,000 pounds superfine (single and double)
coated book paper. - j
3, COO reams manila paper, various sizes and
weights.
100,000 pounds bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, various
- • sizes.
4,000 pounds parchment deed.
120,000 6heets cardboard, various colors, sizes,
and weights.
3,100,000 sheets bristol board, various colors,
sizes and weights. '
7,900 reams first-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights.
8,500 reams second-class ledger paper,
wKTte or blue, laid or wove, various
sizes and weights.
€,400 reams tissue and copying paper.'
35 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
500 reams plaid, marble, comb and lining
paper, various sizes. ¦ "
800 reams typewrite/ paper, various sizes
and weights.
1,115 reams letter, note and quarto-post
paper.
200 reams white French folio. 17x22.
2,000 sheets parchment. 15x21.
. Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more. •
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER. Public Printer.
Washington; D. C. December 19. 1001.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death "notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
tn ' at either of the publication offices and . be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
boIn.
RICHARDS— In this city, December 20. 1901.
to the wife of E. A. Richards, a daughter. -
MA3RIED. -
CARDOZA— WILDES— In this city, at the
home of the bride's parents, 109' Van. Ness
avenue, on December 2«, 1001, by the Rev.
Herbert Brings, J. T. Cardoza and Eva Lil-
lian Wildes. •
GRONBACK— THOMPSON— In thig city, De-
cember 31. 1001. by the Rev. Dr. C' J. E."
Haterius, pastor of the E%-angelIcal Lutheran
Ebenezer Church, Lev! Gronback of San
Francisco and Inare Tomine Thompson of
Alexandria, Indiana.
HIGHTOWER— MADDOX— In this city, Janu-
ary 1, 1002, by the Rev. F. A. Doane. Ennls
C. Hishtower of San Francisco and Maud
Maddox of Davisville, Yolo County, Cal.
JEBSEN— MORSE— In this city, January 1,
1902, in the Howard-street Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Lo-
renzo Jessjn and Sarah E. Morse, both of
San Francisco.
SMITH— SULLIVAN— In Reno. Nevada. De-
cember 31, 1901, Henry A. Smith and Nellie
T. Sullivan, both of San Francisco. ¦
YARNEBERG— ENGEN— In this city, Janu-
ary 1. 1902. in the First English Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Cap-
tain Charles Yarneberg of Manila, Philippine
. Islands, and Anna Louise Engen of Chicago
Illinois. Sfgftfflffl
;. / DIED. .. ¦
Barry, Patrick Mahoney, John T
Bartman, Edwin F. "Martin, Mary
Brennan. Michael ' Neddersen. ~ Marie
Brokaw, Abraham Norton; Kate
Casey, Jeremiah O'Brien, Thomas J
Chrietensen. F. R. O'Neill, Patrick
Clasby, . Marsrarat • . Perlnl. Abandia
OUrtord. John Petersen, Crlstine S
Cogan, Marearct "Pfarrer, Benedict
Corbett, John P. Powers,- Mra. Mary
Daniel, Daisy Maud Rainforfl. Mamie ¦ J
Dflury. George Roberts, ¦ George D '
Drennan. Elva L. Salsig. Howard • A. -
Gould, Major W. O. Schaffrey, Charles J,
Granlee, Mrs. Cath- Smith. Josephine C.
erine .;/.--. . Strohmeier. ¦ Creszen-
Gray, Dorothea H. tla '
Rn».l KSTATB CITY— FOR SAli^S.
Btf. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market, opp. Kearny.
}<?al Estate Agents and Rent Collectors. •
0U0 — Reduced from $ S0.OOO; corner • 75x75
feet- within one-third of bloch from
Market st. and close to Hlbernla
Bank: stores and lodging-house; best
investment off Market et.; must be
$CO,000 — Corner, 4Sx82:6 feet; first corner fae- '
ing Market Et. north: sold for $42,500
20 years ago; want offer.
$10,000 — Geary-st. lot 87:6x137:6 feet;
very substantial improvements; rents
$255: pays 7 per cent net.
$50, 000— Eddy ft. near Jones; 48 feet frontage;
frame improvements ; this Is a quick
seller.
£27 500 I3usiness corner; best location in West-
ern Addition; store and flats; rents
?£00.
Sic 500 — Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings; i
rents $142; lot 37x115.
515,500 — Three new Bllis-st. flats; 27:6 feet
frontage; yearly rents $1500.
J15.CSJ— Leaven worth-st. investment; 57 feet
frcct; rents $105; always rented.
f 13, 000 — Post St.. near Jones; lot 27x137:6 and
improvements.
$13.500— New Van Net^-ave. flats; rents $125;
a safe buy.
flJ,5P0 — Ellis-st. corner; stores and flats: 3
frontages; lot 37:6x87:6; rents $95.
?9,500— Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment.
$1.350 — Two modern flats; only half a block
from Market St.; rents $40; cost nearly
J7500.
fJ.COO — Flats, vicinity Third an^ Howard sts.;
rents $46 00; mortgage $1700 can re-
main. • .
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK' LOTS.
New purchases cf blocks and lots enable us
to offer unexcelled bargains.
We will save you money; see us before
buying.
$100 to $450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots;
beats any investment in the world; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots: choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office, 9th ave., near H et.
$400 to $S00— Best located Richmond lots;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level building lots near Mis-
Eion-et. cars: 50 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
$1000. S1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages, all
bargains, on easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR ~SALE TcEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Raneho
Cotati. Sonoma, Co. : future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is srowing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. S02 California EC. for pam-
phlets and information.
X — TO rent; the best 120-acre ranch In Napa
Va!ley; good buildings and fully equipped;
$1000 or on shares; call to-day.
N. D. SICKLES, the LAND AGENT.6 Geary.
' PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality: big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, 6 Eddy Et.
POCT.TR Y and dairy ranches for sale ; write for
tree list. C. R. WT2CFTELD. Petilumi. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA . REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; ty cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA FURMSHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT — Complete and nicely furnished
house of 7 rooms, with hot air furnace; all
modern Improvements; on Clinton ave.; for
term of one year. E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424
Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS ,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
fUoO^HOtJs^cf 5 rooms; loT 60x120; only ~1
block from station; a E&ap.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
jlSOO — HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; 2 blocks
Irom station ; on the tunny elde of street.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
f55O0 — HOUSE of 9 rooms, thoroughly modern;
one block from U. C. crrounds aad east of
Telegraph ave. JOS. J. MASON.-
Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FItCITV ALE yCKXISHiEn HOUSES.
AIS unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st.; 2 blocks from
1 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote. «tc. ; -ornamental Grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price
S4000. Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER, Frui*va1e Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
I OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
?17«>— ORIGINAL COST $3500.
Fine corner. 28x100; store and 4 large living
rooms, bam; an estate and must be sold; No. 1
business location for a grocery gtore. butcher
shop or laundry. In fact any kind of business;
a great sacrifice and must be sold this week
without reserve.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
fCSOO FOR A $10,000 PROPERTY. "
Loc&tion. Sixteenth and Grove sts. : only four
blocks from business centers; lot 60x100; mod-
ern 9-room house and bath; very sunny and
first-class location; first come, first served.
J. a MYERS & . CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3100— ORIGINAL COST $5600.
New house of 7 rooms, cement basement,
trunk closet, nickel plated and open plumbing;
large lot, driveway; surrounded by $15,000
homes; four blocks to local station; near cars,
schools, etc.; owner non-resident and must
cell; $2500 can remain on mortgage; first come
first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
¦' 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$4250— SHOULD BE $0000.
Object, quick eale; near Fourteenth and
Broadway: large lot; good neighborhood; in-
terior decoration and finish of the latest and
best In Oakland: space too expensive to extol
its charmlnjr, qualities: seeing- is believing; will
rent for $45 per month; only $1000 cash, bal-
ance can remain on mortgage; muEt be bold
3. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH, $6 50 monthly— Modern cottage
just finished of 4 rooms, bath, pantry and
closet*; superb eoil; 4 lots. 100x100; more
ground to it if desired; 32 new building*
gone up in the past 6 months; near church
school and electric cars; 4 main roads sur-
rounds; away from fogs and cold wind*- just
the place to raise chickens; adjoining ' East
Oakland; price in all $1350. Call or send
for circular, 4.%3 Seventh' et., opposite Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z
JONES. Owner.
$1000 — BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot water boiler;
eunrsy side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work all done, including Etone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for quick
sale to box 2378. Call office. Oakland.
S. M. DODGE & SON. '
1160 Broadway. Oakland
J3250— Something extra nice In the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125;. 7 roems
ting hath. Call nn<1 |rt us show you this.
OAKLAXD COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower fiat. 8 large rooms; electrlTserT
vies throughout ; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; lar*»
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
,.owerE; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
eve. electric cars, corner Washington and
I^jrhth stE.. come within 1 Mock. Call or
stress irs.9 N'( n th ave.. East Oakland. .
An introduction to' you from H. 6chellhaa«r7he
lurniture df-aier. llth and Franklin. Oakland.
Rl'PTniR SAMTAR1UM. -
nUPTrmTTuTed at HUNTER'S SANITA- !
itlLM. 1200 Market si.; treatment free: only '
lr.ver.tion In the world that will not torture. :
tiPECIAL KOTICES.
liAD tenants ejected for $4 ; collections rnauV;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
'-O- 41.' Montgomery et.. rooms 9-lO;tel.G5>>0. :
A WEEK'S news for fi cents — The Weekly Call.
30 pgges. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year. [
ALL. lcir<3s bought. Fold, rented, exchanged; re-
pajring; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinGs bought, sold, rented, exchanged;. re-
pairiEg; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th. .'
Hanell, Friedreka bwanton. William.
Hughes, Belle ' * Sweet, Mary Anna,
Kane, John ¦"•¦*, '-'.'¦*^ Tarmen, Mary
' Lindskog, H. G. M.- Wear, iirnest A. ,
Lubosch, William ; Wetmore.' Jesse L.
c McDonald. Dora ."White. Ada A.
McKeown, R..J. Wren, Mary
BARRY— In this City, January 1, 1902, Patrick
. Barry, beloved son of Patrick and Hanorah
Barry, a native of Massachusetts.
icrinterment private in Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. - . -¦.¦>¦ - : - ¦
BARTMAN— In thi^ city, December = 31. 1001,
• Edwin F. Bartman, beloved son of Mr. "and
Mrs. A. Bartman, and brother of Emll, Hor-
tense \ and Antoinette . Bartman, a native I of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 7 months and
S days. ¦ . , - :, . .
i* > ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
: (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 632 Chestnut street,
thence to St. Francis Church, where services
will be held. Interment Holy - Cross .Ceme-
tery. • --, - ¦ .¦ , • ¦.
BRENNAN— In this city, December 31. 1901.
Michael Brennan, beloved uncle of Mrs. ¦ A.
. Springett, Mrs. J. Halloran and Kate and
. Timothy Fitzgerald, a native of ! the' parish
of Roscarbery, County Cork, Ireland, aged
66 years. ' - ¦
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
¦ (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resl-
r dence. of ¦ his nephew, 2146 Mission street,'
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated 'for the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. " Interment
¦ Hotv Cross Cemetery.
1 BROKAW— In this city. December 31. 1901.
Abraham Brokaw, father of Mrs. J. B.
Crews, William H. Brokaw of Trenton, N.
J.. Edwin A." Brokaw, Mrs. I. McClure, Mrs.
W. C. Cornell and Mrs. A. C. Brown, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 84 yeara and 2
months. • " \
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. A. C. Brown, C55 Jer-
! sey street, corner Douglas.' Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ¦
CASEY — In "this city. January 1. 1902, Jere-
miah, beloved son of John and Abble Casey,
brother of Kathleen and Hannah* Casey, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
21 days.
CHRISTENSEN— In Phcenix, Arizona. De-
• cember 28, 1901, ¦ Frajik Robert Christensen,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 1
month and 12 days.
CLASBY— In this city, January 1, 1902, Mar-
j garet. Clasby, beloved sister of Miss Annie
Flaherty, and sister of the late Delia Dolan.
aunt of Peter Dolan, Delia Burke, Kate
- Cooney and the late Mrs. Annie .Tobln. a na-
" tive of Arran Island, County Galway. Ire-
land.
E5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ihe funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 415 Baker street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CLIFFORD — A month's mind requiem high
mass, commencing at 8 o'clock, will be cele-
brated at St. Patrick's Church, to-day
(Thursday), for the repose of the soul of the
late John Clifford. Friends are invited to
attend.
COGAN— In this city. 'January 1, 1902, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late - Maurice
Cogan, and mother of John, Andrew, James
and the late Edward Cogan, a. native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 61 years- and 6
months.
ID^Friends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence,' 813 Bryant street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORBETT — In Seattle. WashlnKton, December
29, 1901. John. P.. beloved son of the late
P. J. end Catherine Corbett, a native of
San Francisco, aged 34 years.
tC?The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 538 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore street, corner . of
Fell, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate, Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANIEL— In this city, January 1, 1902, Daisy
Maud, beloved wife of Wilfred W. Daniel,
and mother of- Maudle M.. Laura E. and
Virgie Daniel, a native of "Washington, aged
2a years 7 months and 12 days.
DELURY— In *his city, January 1, 1902,
George, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Delury, and father of James, George,
William, Jeremiah, Daniel. Mary. Kathryn
and Thomas Delury. Mrs.- James R. Cham-
bers and the late John M. Delury, a native
Of County Kerry, Ireland.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DRENNAN — In Lancha v Plana. Amador
County, California, December 25. 1901, Elva
- Lucy, only daughter of Valla K. and Pearl
E. Drennan, a native of California, a^ed 9
* months and 1 day.
GOULD— In this city, December 31. 1901,
Major William Oliver Gould, beloved husband
of Mcry A. Gould, father of Mrs. S. P.
Tuergle and Harry F. Gould, a native of
Exeter, New Hampshire, aged 73 years. .
CyKriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the First Con-
' gregational - Church. Companions of tho
George H. Thomas Post and the Loyal
- Legion are respectfully requested to attend
' the funeral of our late companion. Inter-
ment private. • . ¦
GRANLEE — In Ban Lorenzo, California, Janu-
ary 1, 1902, Mrs. Catherine Granlee, beloved
mother of Hattie Granlee. William Granlee
and Robert Granlee, aged 78 years, a native
of Fermanagh County, Ireland. :
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter. • <
GRAY — In this city, December 31, 1901, Doro-
thea H., beloved- wife of William J. Gray,
and mother of William W. and Bertha H.
Gray, Mrs. John Elliott and- the late Dr.
R. F. Gray, a native' of Ireland, aged 68
years 4 months and 16 days.
CTFriends are invited to attend the fu-
• neral services to-dav (Thursday), at <{?
o'clock, at her late residence, 2566 California
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
HANELL — In this city. December 31, 1901,
Friedreka, beloved wife of William Hanell,
' mother of "William F., Hazel L. and Mar-
guerite A. Hanell, sister of Mrs. G.
Guinther and Lucy White, a. native of
Contra Costa County, California, aged 42
years 10 months and 9 days. . A member
of La Estrella Parlor No. 80. N. D. G. W.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1119 Broadway. Internment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. X
OFFICERS and members of La Estrella Parlor
No. 89, N. D. G. W.— You are notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late sister. Mrs. F.
Hanell, from 1119 Broadway, to-day (Thurs-
day), at 12:30 o'clock.
DR. L. BOLDEMANN. President.
ALICE MAUNDER. Secretary.
HUGHES— In this cltv. December 31. 1901.
Belle Hughes, a native ¦ of San Francisco,
. aged 38 years 11 months and 22 days.
KANE — In this city, December 31, 1901, John,
- dearly beloved father of John and Frank
Kan* and Mrs. W. J. Murphy, a native of
Ireland, aged 5S years 9 months - and 27
h days..
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
10-day (Thursday), at" 10 o'clock, at th-f
parlors of Valente, Marlni & Co., 1524
Stockton street, between Green and Union.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LINDSKOG — In this city, January 1, 1902, H.
G. Maurice, beloved' husband of Louise W.
S. A. Lindskosr, and father of Otto, Her-
mlon, Roy and Allan Lindskog, a native of
Stockholm, Sweden. . *
LUBOSCH— In this city. William Lubosch,
beloved son of Louis and Nathalie Lubosch, a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 10
months and 23 days. * : • ;¦¦ .
McDONALD^ — In this city, December 31, 1901,
Dora, beloved wife of Angus McDonald, and
beloved mother of Annie, Ronald, William,
Joseph, John and the late Dora McDonald, a
native- of Evrecourt, County Galway. Ire-
land.'aged 53 years. (New York and Prince
Edward Island papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 516 Hermann street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
i will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
• commencing at 9:30 o'clock. -Interment Holy
• Cross Cemetery- .
McKEOWN— In this city, January 1. 1902.
Richard J., beloved son of Mary J. and the
late William McKeown, and beloved brother
of Mrs. W. V. Francis and Mrs. F. J. Lewis
and the late Thomas and William J. Mc-
Keown, a native of San Francisco. .
MAHONEY— In this city, December 30, 1901,
John T. Mahoney, beloved brother of Mrs.
M. Batsere, a native of Ireland, aged 66
years. . -. . ¦• - . . ¦
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Fri-
day, January 3, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock,
, from?the parlors of. J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, > thence to French Church ' of
Notre Dame des .Vlctolres, where a mass Will
; be celebrated for the repose of his soul," com-
= menclng at 10 o'clock. , . ¦
MARTIN— In - Berkeley. . December 81. 1901,
- Mary Martin, beloved mother of Thomas
% Martin and Mrs. Hugh McEvoy and the late
i_, . ¦ ¦¦ Tl
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mm\ r
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND* EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., • opposite Lincoln School.
I ¦ - . ¦ Telephone South 80.
~~^> '. ~~ .¦ •¦' ( . ' i \~ • ' '
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
~ i J. HENDERSON. Manager. .
Funeral Directors and . Embalmers; .-.I
31 EDDY STREET, • I
Telephone . South 252. * , Ban ! Francisco. • I
No Connection With Any Other House. |
..NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.'
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ; M. J.
' McBrearty, with the same company for 18
•years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. -O'Con-
'nor & Co.,', have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 MiHsion street; between Seventh
and Eighth. -Telephone South 44. . .;
Mrs Francis Gallagher, a native. of Ireland,
aged 82 ¦; years " and - 10 months.. > (Boston
• . papers > please copy.), v ' ' ¦"*"-•
¦ ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at- 9 o'clock.- from her late . resl-
•' dence, 805 • Delaware street, ' thence .to ¦ St:
-.' Joseph's Church, ' where y a ; solemn < requiem
mass will be celebrated /for - the repose of
'. . her . soul, commencing at 10 * o'clock. •-¦In-
'.: terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.-
NEDDERSEN— In-: this; city, " December 31,^
. 1901, - Marie, beloved .wife of ¦ C. Neddersen.
and mother of Christopher, Charles and Diet-
. rich Neddersen," and beloved daughter of C.
Hunterman and the late peslne Hunterman,
. a nstive of San Francisco, . aged 41 years 6
months and 6 days. ¦ v-., -/ - J '. ¦"-
JC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors Of - Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washing-
ton l street, under the auspices of the San
T " Francisco- Frauen Verein. .Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. > . '¦¦>'
OFFICERS and 3 the committee of the ' San
Francisco' Frauen , Verein /are requested to
• assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
to-morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock sharp, to
attend the funeral of our sister, Marie Ned-.
' dersen.. " By " order " of •
¦¦¦¦.. ¦¦¦¦'¦ • MRS. L. GALL. President/
t- • A. MASS. Secretary. .
•NORTON— In this city. January 1, 1902. Kate,
beloved wife of the late , John > Norton,
mother of Lee and 'William H. Norton, a
.- native of Ireland,, aged 58 years..
(EJ'Notlce of funeral hereafter.*
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 1. 1902,
Thomas J., beloved son of Ellen and the late
• Patrick O'Brien, brother of James, May, Nel. ¦
. lie and George O'Brien and- Mrs. Thomas
• Sheehan and Mrs. Hermann Brockman and
the late John O'Brien, a native of County
Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 26 years. A mem-
ber of Blazing Arrow Tribe No. 107. I.'
0. R. M. *> i " ' .
(C7"Friendsand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), 1 at 8:30 o'clock, from the. residence
'of his mother, 20% Rlngold street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
' soul at 9 o'clock. Interment : Holy Cross
•Cemetery. . . -. ¦¦- '-¦' v -"¦•¦.. ¦¦'¦:' ¦ : ""¦¦
O'NEILL— In this city, December 26, 1901,
Patrick O'Neill, beloved brother of Mrs. .T.
Kilkenny.i and cousin of Mrs." Dennis, Mc-
Glnty, a native of. County. Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged 44 years. - A member of Loyola
Assembly No. 1, T. M. C..-.TJ. •,-"-.; ¦ -r- :.- j
|C?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.; 1239 Market street, thence
to St. - Joseph's * Church,' where * a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing- at; 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERINI— In this city. January 1/ 1902. Aban-
dia Perlnl. dearly beloved wife of F. A.
! Perini, and loving mother of Mario, ' Ange-
.llna. Felix,- Peter and Eugene Perini. • a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 29 years.
'PETEHEBN — In ! this city, January 1, 1902,
Crlstlre S., beloved wife of Nels Petersen,
and sister of Mrs. Salma Johnson, a native
of Sweden, aged 89 years 2 months and 18
days. • ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦-¦--¦ '¦' ' ' '¦ ¦
x n^rFrietids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Friday), from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate TJndertaklns Company, . 2475
Mission street, at: 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car, • from corner of Twentieth" and Guerrero
streets at 2 o'clock. . "¦ ¦ ' ¦
PFARRER — In this city. December 30, 1901,.
Benedict, beloved , husband of Anna Mary
ft arrer, - and , father of A. R. and C. T.
Pfarrer, a native of Switzerland.- ajsed 65
. yeara and 9 days.
%y Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles 'H-.J. Truman & Co., 818 Mason
street, • between : O'Farrell and Geary. Fu-
neral and Interment private. - - • .
POWERS— In Alameda, January 1, 1902, Mrs.
Mary Powers, beloved wife of the late John
¦ Powers, mother of W. J., R. T.. E. F. and
G. M. ' Powers and the late Mrs. E. • E.
Cramp • and " Sister Cecelia of the Sisters of
the Holy '- Family, and aunt of " James P.
Britt, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
(DTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
Ness -avenue. . where a requiem high ; mass
¦ will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing- at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . . . ..
RAINFORD— In this city, January 1, 1002,
Mamie J.. beloved wife of Samuel C. Rain-
ford, . daughter of the late John and Mary
Foley, sister of Daniel, Patrick. Michael and
Jeremiah Foley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 7 months and . 12 days.
ROBERTS — In -New York, •' December 24, 1801,
George D. Roberts, father of Mrs. J. I*
Plcard of Hope. Idaho, and brother of Mrs.
V. R. Raymond and Mrs. E. . N. Bones of
• Oakland. ¦ t ' - - -
GTFriends and acquaintances are> respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
' his sister, Mrs. V. R. Raymond, 967 Alice
street, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. . .
SALSIG — In this city, January 1, 1902, How-
ard A. Salslg. a native of San Francisco..
SCHAFFREY — In I Prescott. Arizona, Decem-
ber 27, 1901, Charles Joseph, dearly beloved
and only son 1 of Mrs. Frederlka Schaffrey,
S and brother of Pauline Sehaffrey, a native
of San Francisco, ¦ aged 26 ? years '¦ 5 months
and 7 -days. A member of the Brotherhood
of Teamsters. •'¦.¦.¦' ¦ '. ¦ -.¦
!E?Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Seven Pines Circle, . Ladles of the
G. A. R., are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
•Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
' and Elehth: Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-.
tery,. by- electric funeral car from Eighth
and Harrison streets. • V
SMTTH — Josephine C. >. Smith, beloved wife of
S. S. Smith, and mother of . G. S. Smith, a
native of Hlgganum, Connecticut, aged 75
¦ year* .¦-¦•.¦.. . : . .- •¦ . ¦ ¦•
(C?" Funeral from Plymouth Church* Sat-
urday, January 4, -at. 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Please omit -flowers.
STROHMEIER— In this city, December 31,
1901, Creszentla. beloved wife of Joseph
Strohmeler, and devoted mother of : Louis,
• Edward. Albert. George and Otto Stroh-
meler, Mrs. S. J. - Burke, Mrs. G. W. Har-
rlcan and the late Emil Strohmeler, a na-
tive of Germany, ' aged 69 ¦ years 7 months
and 1 day.
|E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 28 Lewis street, between Taylor and
" Jones, Post and Sutter. thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of I Market and "Seventh streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130,
1. O. O. F., commenclnK at 2 o'clock. Inter- \
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • ¦
OFFICERS and members of Walhalla Lodge
No. 130. I.' O. O. F., are requested to as-
eembla -to-day (Thursday), at 1 .o'clock,
in I. O. O. F. building, to attend funeral of
our lat? sister, Christine Strohmeler. By
order of MART HOCKING. N. Q.
SWANTON — In. this city, January 1, 1902,
William Swanton.' a native. of Queenstown,
. Ireland, aged 44 years. -
C?" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. . Notice of
. funeral hereafter. ;
-43WEET — In this city, January 1, 1002, Mary
Anna Sweet,- beloved daughter of Mary A.
Dohrney, and mother of Charles N.. Frank
P. and Joseph P. Brust, a native of Louis-
iana, Missouri, aged 68 years.
TARMEN— In this city, January 1, 1902,
Mary Tarmen, a native' of Ohio, aged 63
¦ years. - • " ¦¦''<¦ •'.¦'¦¦ - ¦"
WEAR — In thia city. December 30. 1901,
. Ernest A., beloved son of John and Mary J.
Wear, and brother of Mrs. W. S. ¦ Forlngton
• and Frank F., Edgar T. and Leonora E.
Wear, a native of Paso Rubles, aged 22
years 1 month and 14 days.- y4
. (E3>*Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of. Charlen H. J. Truman ft
Co., 318 Mason Street, between O'Farrell and
Geary. Interment . Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carrtaee.
WETMORE — In Piedmont. " January 1, 1902,
Jesse L. ¦ Wetmore, husband of the late Ma-
tilda H." Wetmore. a native of New Bruns-
wick, a«ed 80 years 2 months and 1 day.
(St. John, N. B., papers please copy.) % ' .
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
home, - corner Bonlta and '..Vista avenues,
piedmont ;ftake Piedmont cars to terminus.
Interment private. ; .- ' - -
WHITE— In this city; December 31, 1901, Ada
. A; White, beloved mother of Mabel White.
. and s5ster of Virgil Cronk, a native of Mich-
¦ igin, aged 46 years. - ¦- ¦,.. -
(CTFrlends are resoectfully Invited to at-
tend : the * funeral to-day : (Thursday), at
10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street. In-
-• terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WREN — In this city. December 31," 1901, Mary.
• beloved wife of the: late John Wren, mother
I of Daniel J. Wren,: and sister of Mrs. Ellen
Butler, a native of Trales, County Cork,
Ireland, aged .71 years and 12 days. .
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to > attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:80 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2874 Twenty-second street, thence
, to ¦ St." ¦ Peter's Church, where a solemn ¦• re-
_, quiem masB will be. . celebrated for . the ; re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery by the 11:30
¦ train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
Florist©).
*- / ARTISTIC FLORAL' DESIGNS
Prices ffoasonable.\
107 POWELL ST.NtAwELLiS %%f 5056
V BAHiWAY TBAVBL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd O^-l'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
hr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:W p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l«30a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:60 p
'• Hanford. 8:12 p 8:27 p 8:05 a .......
"Visalla.: 8:»p ....;.. 8:00a ~,
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a ....„.'.
„" Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a ->
" Chlcagci.. 2:15p 9:00 p ..'.
'. a for morning-, p for afternoon. •
9:00 a. m. -train Is the California Lim-
ited, carry injr Palace Sleeping Cars and;
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second'
class tickets ar* - honored oa " this* train.
Corresponding train ¦ arrives at 7 :05 a. . m. '
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30'
p. m.' daily. ¦ . ¦ -^ ..;.
- 8 :00 p. m. is the Overland . Express, : with
through Palace and • Tourist : Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace . Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. .
Corresponding trata arrives at 6:00 p. m.
. 7:2*0 a. m. Is. Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally. ¦
¦ Of flees— 641 Market . street and tn Ferry *
Depot. San Fras Cisco: 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
WOUNX TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.-Leave Via Sausalito Ferry . Arrive
San Fran. - - Foot of Market St. -San Fran.
r^y*' -'ry 3 ' alfht at Ib. «T»«ra.f T«mar ~*^ ±2ii .
9-30 A. 8:00a. j^- 1^ mi^ im u w 1;00 p. 9:4o A.
1:45 r. 10:00a. **T _,irtriafb.«Tat»Hi "k* 0 »• **>•»•
4:15 r. 11:30a. Z"W£!Z*? *^ 4:25 *' »
, l:15r. *- lt * 1T " k^ J1 " >ll V 5:55 p.
' , ¦ • P»r«, Bu r«airti« «• Sam.lt ni Satan, |t.»a
« StkttOOcw, Cl KASiET ITUXT Mi gACSAinO ItXZX.
AUCTION SALES
£^ SPECIAL AUCTION.
At Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth at/.THUKS?
DAY, Jan. 2. at 11 a. m.. I will sell 40 head
of all purpose horses; also wagons, buggies,
harness, etc. 'JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock
Auctioneer. .
{ RAJLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
¦ TfaIss I^i*t^ mm<I nr» <4m«* i* nrflfv ¦%!>
vJ (Main Liite. Foot of Market Street) J
. matb — Faon DiCKHBxa 6. 180L — A»ar»«
¦' ">•«»*. Benlcia, SuUun. Ehnln and Sacra-
- . mauto S:S3p
7iOOa V»«nUIe, Wlnti>re,'Rumgey ?>34r
7i8Oa Martln«x,3au lUmoo, Vallejo, Napa.
Calistoga'amlSuita Rosa 0i23r
I:OOa Daris, Woodland, Knlgnu Lauding.
M»ryiTille. Orotilln.. 7:31*
¦¦••* Atlantic Kxpren-Ogden and Baat M:S3a
»i«m»a NP.es. Ltthrop. Stockton -:3an>
• SiOOa Nile*. Mendota. Uanford. Visalla.
Porterrtll 4«33»
•iSOa 8hMU Express— Daris, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs!. Willows, Kol
Bluff, PorUtnd... 7i3»f
• •••* Ban Joae, IJtennorr, Htoekton.
¦ . ; • Ion«. Haermmentu, l'lmccullle.
MurySTillv, Chico, Ito.l KlnlT 4:2.1*
¦ 1 30 » Onkdalf, Chinese, Sonor»,XuoIumne 4t23r
t:00* HajwurJ. NUes.ad Way Station*.. 1 I»Ma
•t«Oa Vallejo 1*M*
• s«»a Los Angelas Express — Biartiitex.
. V . Tracy. Lathrop. .Stoektou. Merced
Vreane and Loa Angeles 7:33*
•tSOa Valle]o. Martinez and Way Buttons 3s33r
¦•iOVa Th» Of erlmil LliuUed-Ogden, Dea-
ter, Omaha. Chicago i>:25r
ilsOOr Sacramouto l!l»er 8to*»im» (11:OOV
S>««p Iteulcla, Winters, Haeramatilo.
WooUlaud. Knlithta Iwtudlng.
Moryn.ilU. Om.lllo 10:334
asSOr Hay w.r.l. Nllrs aud Way Stations.. ?:33r
•*!O«lr Martinez, Hmi lUntoti. Vallejo.
Nairn. (fellatOKft. Hanta Knia «>33r
4i00r Niles, LlTermore, Stockton. Lodi... I2>23p
•sia«r Harvard. Nllao; Man Jew*. LlTtrmon (S:94a
«:St>rT»e Owl Limited — Tresno, Tnlara>
. BakcraHeltl. Sangns for Siuita Uax-
bat-a, Loa AuReles.... a>33*
SiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton I o:23*
SsOOr Msrtinrz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno ,.. lt<33»
•«••*• Hs/ward. Illtos an d San Joss 7<33*
4«iOOf VaIIsJo ?T. Iliaa*
• iO«r Oriental Mall— Ogdon, Center.
Omaha. Bt Louis, Chicago 4iSO*
7iO»p Oregon aud California Kxprmis.Mao.
rnnieutii, MtryiTllla, ICmMIng, •
l'nrtlHiKt, Pnget rfoninl ami Kant S>93*
- SiaSrStn Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way tiUtlooa , 11i23a
fatoap Valicfr 7t53y
COAST LINE (Marrow Mange). "
( foot otMnrket Street.)
•its* Ne<Tark.Uent«riille,8an.Joie,P»lton.
" .¦-"> BoitlderOreeMIautaOnaandWay
Htiitloi.i 3>3«V
l»il»» Newark C»..terVill», San Joss. Nm ,
Almaden. Fulton, Doulder ijtrnak,
Santa Ciuz aod JTinoipal W»i -
Stutloin I»td*4
'4il3r Newark, Ban Jose. Los Gatos tS:30*
«».3»p Hunters' Train— San Josa and Ws>
Buttons I7.ao»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tr»m SIS raiSCISCO— root of itrkst Strut (Slij t>—
t7:lB . 1:00 . UMk.u. 1:03 3:09 B:15r.«.
fnmOliana— J-HUfBri»<l»«T.— frt.OO {8:00 13.0#
10;00*.M. 12:00 108 4:08 r.M.
COAST IjINE (Uroa.l Uaaics).
(Thlnl mid Townssml Sta.)
«tl«A Ban Jose and Way HUtions.. ........ «:•«*
7:«0A N«m Jose m»l Way SUUoiis fSiOHy
/7i»»a New Altuadsn.. / *:10»
SiUOa Coast Line limited — San Jose,
Cilroy. SallDas. San Lnis Obiapo.
Santa Barbara, Lon Angeles and
arinetpsl Intermediate itaUons.... 10:439
¦tO»A Kan Joss. Tres linos, .lanta i.'rnii,
Paclilc Untie, Salinis. Ban Lai*
Obispo ami Principal Intermediate
Stations 1:109
IviSva Ban Jcse and W»y Stetioss. «:;{«*
I ltS*A Hau Josa and Way XUtlmia '>:»«*
f»*tar San Mat.o. llmlvoo.1. Mrnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. Han .)...«.
Tres Pinos, Santa Uvn, Sallust,
Moutnayaud 1'aciue Orots |iei484
8:XOr Han Jose aud Way Stations. I »3»»
M:l3r 5>an Jose ami Principal Way Stttlom 5i3«»
4:30f Sunset limited — Mondays, Wednra-
days. Fridays, for Lo* Angeles, El
Ftuo. New Orleans and Naw York.
Anises Sundajs. Tuesdays and
Thuradajs ..,., lOiIS*
tStflOrSati Jose, Los Gatos sud Principal
Way.SUtlorn t»<00*
SiSAp 9 an J me and Principal Way Stations 6i3O»
/ «:3»r San Jose and ,W»y Stations ?il«» >
¦ T>OOr New Orleans Expreu — Xaa I.tils
Obiapo. Santa Karhara. Lea An*
Seles, D'mlng. £1 Paso, N«w Or*
leans and Esst ?:3fl*
#tli4»P Salt Jose and Way SUtlons 1i3»0
A for Morniui ? for A f ternoon.
t Hiiudar ezenntsd. * Sniidar only.
_o Saturday ooly^ / Tueadaya aod Tridaya^
CiLITOfiNIA N08TBWESTEBN KY. COl
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND' NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. jjsl; 12:33.
*:S«, 8:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — BUtra
trlpttUtfOft. m. BftturdAyf—BUtr* trip* al
_1:M and U-M p. m.
SUNDAJ»_«;oo. »;30. U:0O a. m.; liH tM.
¦ i:00, «:3O p. m. -
San Rafael to San Franelsea. '_:'/"
WEEK DATS— «ao, tiSQ, »;20, U:X0 a. a.s
12:40, 8:4% 1:15 p. m. fiaturd*3r»~Bxu^
trips »t I:i9 and 9:U p. m.
eUNDAYS— «:10. »;4fl. U:l0 a, m.: 1:40. S:*%
• :06. 0:3S p. m.
Leav* 1 la Effect I Arrtr*
Baa Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901] San Ftanctaoo.
We«k I 8nn- I I Sua* I W«ak '
Days., days, j Destination | days. ) Day*.
2:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. •:0Spm ltt:3Saasj
¦ qOpaa »t00pm Santa- Rosa. T;3Bpm •^Opa»
Fulton,
tttOua Windsor. ltdtaa
j B:COpta Heaidaburr, 10:40aa»
Ooyservlha,
t:SOpm 8:00am Clovardale. 7 :3Jprn «:2Otxbbi
T:8Cam i:00pm HopUad. 10:40am 10 :39ans
8:80pm 8:00am and UfcUb. T :35pm *;2*sm
I:Mwn "" _ tn 10:40amliadfaai
i:00am CnemaTllls. T^Spm
1 :30pm 0:00pm t:2Opas
1:30am a :00am Soaoma •:13am 8:i0asa
and
i:iepm B :00pm Plea mien. fl:08pm lafly
T:S0aml 8 :00am I , J10:40am|10:Maa»
»:80pml o:00pml Stbastopot ( T:85pml •aopai
Btaces connect at Santa Boa* for Mark Waal
Sprint's *ad White Bulphur Springs; at Fnlu>»
(or Altrorta: at Lytton tor lorttoa Sprtnts; as
Oeyierville for BtMgta Sprlan: at Caevwrdal*
for the Oeysers; at Hopland Xor Dnaeaa
Bprlac*, HUchland Bprlajts KslseyvUl* Cajla-
bid Springs. Boda Bay, JLalcsport ancTbarUett
Bprl&cs; *t XJklaa tor Vichy Sprlasa. Saratoc*
Sprtass. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprtnja! Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
Banhedrtn Haichts. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Sprints. Mendocino City. Fort Brace. W««-
por^ tTssJ. Wllllts. Laytonvllle, Cummin*.
Bell's Sprlac*. Harris. Oliea's, Dyer. Booam
and Kurska. -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcXstt at r*>
diicad rates.
On Sundays round-trip tlckata to all potata
keyond Baa Rafael at half rates. _;- . .
ticket ©face. «S0 Markst street. CXnaUlm
HORTU PACIFIC COAST RAILRDAa
Via 8«im«IM» Fmrf.
Cornmencint September 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
TTEXK, DATS— «:M. 8:30. "0:30, 11:00 «. m..
•XMWI »Jl5. 4:1S. D:15. •eds. «:4o p. m.
KXTRA.TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
rufael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
Sundays—^:00. «10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. «1:W,
S-15. # 4:4S. 0:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
VROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN f RANCI3CO.
TwEEK?DAYS— «5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:33Tl0ai
av^nT. -18:25. 2:15, "3:33, 4:40. 6:30 p/ m.
*BXTRA TRIPS op P^U' w e^e»d»ys
and 'Saturdays at 0:45 and 0:55 p. m.
»S1WDAY&-«:15. •8:00. 10:00. 'U:4i «. av.
i«l -40 -»3:15, 4:45, •0:30 p. m. •
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILI« VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
-!^EEK^AYS-6:45 6:45. T:53. 8:55. 10:30
a. m. 12:35. 2:45, 8:60. 5:10 p. m. T".
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
mud Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :08. 10:05 a. m.. 12:00. 203^
8-30 ,0:00, 8:45 p. m.
¦* aw * ' THROTJOH TBAIN3.
6:55 a. m. week days-rCazadero and way
stations. ' * -•¦.,--.•¦¦' .'
, 1:45 p. n. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. " ¦"'¦-'- " ' . :
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. "' ' " - ' • -
¦¦ Lesal Holiday boats aad trains will roa oa
Sunday time. •¦
aDr.dibl)on'sDispeii*sary t
629 KEARNY ST. Established
In 1S34 for toe treatment of Prlrato
Diseases, Lost Manuood. Debility or ¦
(ii«i*as» weartnar on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. I'harges low.
<;ar*>* Ruaranlrrd. Callor writ*
Dr. a. 7. OISBOJX. bait Franoiaco. CaL '
The Weekly Call
$1 per Year.FOLLOWING a custom inaugurated
years agp, the members of the
Arion Verein kept open house in
its spacious rooms at 421 Post
street yesterday afternoon. The
wives of the members and their invited
guests had an opportunity of gazing upon
the place where their husbands spend
their leisure hours. '
The rooms were prettily decorated in
holly and Christmas greens. Tables were
set in every corner and the members and
guests enjoyed themselves at the festal
board. Apt quotations from Schiller and
Goethe were cleverly illustrated in carica
ture and these hung on every wall. The
"Mayor 'Phelan expressed the -hope that
he would be able to continue his yearly
visits, although it would be in the capa
city of a private -citizen. 1 At -the conclu
sion ' of his speech he was greeted with
musician to the highest oflSce in its. c*ft.
He continued: • . . . . • -" ,, ¦; :
Shakespeare ban said: "The man that hath
no music in himself, nor . Is nof moved with
concord of sweet sounds, is ' fit for treasons,
stratagems and spoils," and as, spoils are /said
to be the bane of every city' 1 official, ? we ought
to feel glad that a musician is at the head of
our municipal erovernmeni. - '(Laughter.).- I am
gratified that my statement, at that. time met
with such an emphatic indorsement and veri
fication. San Francisco is a musical city. You
gentlemen and ladies are all devoted to music,
and I cannot see why San Francisco should
not have a musician for a Mayor.
Mayor James D. Phelan and his secre
tary. Charles Fay, called. The outgoing
city executive was given a warm recep
tion. He. was introduced by Dr. Magnus
and spoke ' in a felicitous manner. The
Mayor called attention to the fact" that a
year ago he had in a speech on a similar
occasion -stated that San Francisco was a
musical . city, but * he did not think that
the people would prove this by electing a
The reception committee was composed
of Professor Franz M. Goldstein, Joseph
Kahler .and Carl • Wacke.r. These gentle
men received the guests and saw to It that
they were made at home.
Arion Verein- is noted for its hospitality
and it kept apace, with its fame. Delica
cies and ' refreshments were served in
abundance.
Dr.- Max -Magnus, president of the so
ciety, was toast master. He proved the
right man in the. right, place. The genial
medico had a kind word for every one end
his introductory speeches, delivered in
German and , English, sparkled with wit
and good fellowship. •
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 1.— Charles E.
Younger Jr.. the attorney, . and Miss Ajr
nes Hlhn. . daughter ¦ of ; F. A. Hihn. the
capitalist, were united .< in ' marriage this
morning R.t > the home of the biide. Mrs.
Younger, is a graduate of the New York
Law School- and was educated in Europe.
Wed on New,- Year's Day.
Porto Rican Lawmakers Meet.
SAN JUAN, P. R-. Jan. - 1.— The Porto
Rican Legislature was convened and or
ganized hero .to-day at noon. • Governor
Hunt rave a grand reception and ball at
the palace to-night in. honor of the Legis
lature. ' Governor Hunt will probably read
his message to the Legislature to-morrow.
Despondent Waiter Takes Laudanum
John Keene. a waifr employed in tho
Palm restaurant at 783 Market street;
swallowed a dose of laudanum yesterday
with suicidal Intent. He became sorry
after taklrsr the nolsor and tole^a'com
panion that he feared he would d«e. The
companion imme^'atelv hurried him to
the Emergency Hospital, where ho was
relieved of the ooison. Uprecjuited love
nrompted the su'cidal net. K»«»np recent
ly came to the city frnno New Zealand.
Election day ; conflicted ""with the .Board of
SupervlBors' meeting Just before the boxing con
tests were held and : the , Bay r City J Athletic
Club, of which I ; am . the manager, J found it
necessary, ; In order . to ; give the boxing exhibi
tion: on that night. ' to ' get the signatures* of a*
majority, of the Supervisors attached to a 1 per
mit. I gave ?5 to . a . hanger-on at ; the '. Bay
City Club, Tom , Bernstein, to go around and
Captain' Seymour feels •' satisfied ¦ that
cne man wrote all "the names on the-per
mit and.it would not require * an ¦-> expert
in chirography;tb agree with him ( on:that
point: '•¦ He , says that nothing can be done
unless one of ¦ the Supervisors whose I sig
nature has .; been forged chooses to take
action In the matter. . .¦¦* . :" »;:>;, .-.,:;¦>.
. Crowley brought -the permit t to / the
office of the Chief of Police. on the day
of the exhibition. . .: ¦.-/¦'.- • v -, ; -
Crowley, ? when seen . last nighty had • the
following to say | about the , transaction : 1 1
Detective T. B. Gibson was ' detailed by
Captain Seymour -on- the case. He. went
to the meeting of the Board of Supervisors
Tuesday afternoon and submitted the per
mit .to each -of 'the Supervisors. '.whose
names purported to be on it.'' They all de
clared positively that they had not signed
the permit, -v- - .. - . . -
To ¦ whom - it ¦ may concern: Permission is
granted the ' Bay ¦ City Athletic . Club . to i hold
a boxing exhibition in the Mechanics'- Pavilion
Annex - en November 8 ¦ for the : benefit • of the
'striking' machinists, provided 'the- exhlbtion
is conducted under . and 'in • pursuance ; of the
ordinances Noe. 26, r 200 . and 203 of the Board
of ¦ Supervisors. ¦ <- : , j -¦ - <
The names attached ,'to the > permit are
those ; of . Supervisors'. H. J. Stafford,
James P. Booth, John Connor, *s Lr.' J.
Dwyer, Peter J. Curtis, Charles .' Boxton,
Charles W. Reed,, M. J.' Fontana, . Henry.
U. Brandenstein, R. M. Hotaling and A.
Comte Jr. •/ , , :x: .
A serious ; charge may be preferred
against Daniel Crowley of the -Bay City
Athletic Club. ¦ The .police, 'were told
Tuesday morning that what purported to
be a. permit Issued to the club on Novem
ber 8 for a fight in the | Mechanics' j Pa
vilion Annex that night and bearing the
alleged . signatures of a .majority of ¦ the
Board of Supervisors was a forgery.
The permit was written on a blank form
of the Board of Supervisors and reads as
follows: , .
Martin Irvin, who resides at the Rich
mond Hotel on Eighth avenue, was
severely injured late yesterday afternoon
by a Geary street car. . He was attempt
ing to cross the track at Eighth avenue
when he wa* struck by a <**.**£ vio
lently knocked down. He ,was badly cut
about the face and head. < _
Patrick Walsh was struck by an electric
car of the Third street line vesterday
afternoon at the crossing of Third and
Berry streets. He was thrown to the
cround with considerable force and his
face was cut and bruised by coming in
contact with the cobblestones. -¦- >
vMA. Buckley, a conductor of the Mc-
Allister street • line, was brought to the
Central Emersencv Hospital last nlsrht to
be treated for a fractured lee, which he
received by tumbling f nto a pit at the car
house. • •
Martin. Irvln and Patrick "Walsh. Are
Knocked Down While Crossing
the Tracks.
OTHEE VK7TIMS OF CABS.
Club Pulls : Off Fights
Under Fraudulent ;
Document. ¦''%/. ¦
: Benjamin Dillon,'^ho says he is a phy
sician; • was arrested 1 early yesterday
morningr on Ellis street by Policeman Hook
and booked at the City -Prison on a charge
of. assault with; a deadly weapon.- He ia
accused of being unduly, excited over the
advent of the new year and. while in that
condition striking. a citizen on; the head
with a cow belL . . -
Billon Gets Into Trouble.
get the' signatures of the /Supervisors to the
petition. It had ;to be done before 5 o'clock,
and Bernstein-came back with the paper. Ed
Myers, a friend of mine, went with him. Since
then I have been trying to find Bernstein, but
he has not - been In town or ¦ else he knows
.why I want him. -I am- going to take Myers
with me to-morrow to see- Chief. Wittman.
ber ' of beautiful ballads. They were un
der the leadership of. Professor Holzhauer.
X.udwig Warnke and Joseph Grennemen
also rendered solos. - ' .
BAY CITYS USE
FORGED PERMIT
hearty applause and. then the Arion sing
ers sang a. song in honor, of .the outgoing
city executive. ..... . . . ,
..;The Arion Singers' Section sang a mini-
PRESIDENT OF THE ARION;;VERIKN, "WHICH KEPT OPEN HOUSE IN'
ITS SPACIOUS ROOMS ON -POST STREET YESTERDAY AFTERNOON,
AND SCENE AT THE REFRESHMENT TABLE: &X
An accident that nearly ended fatally
happened last night at 7:30 o'clock when
Mrs. Townsend, wife of "William S.
Townsend,; of 1220 Valencia street, slipped
in front of Valencia street car No. 22 on
Market street, opposite Mason. Mrs.
Townsend was In company with her hus
barfd and several ladies at the time of
the accident. The party was crossing
Market street and all but Mrs. Townsend
stopped to allow the car to pass. It Is
not known just how the accident hap
pened, but It is thought that owing to
the slippery condition of the pavement
Mrs. Townsend fell in front of the ap
proaching car. Gripman Harry Odgsen
sounded his gong and put on the brake,
but it was too late to avert an accident.
The car caught Mrs.. Townsend and eye
witnesses state that she was dragged,
fully twenty feet by the fender. The car
had to be pushed back before it was pos
sible to extricate her from beneath the
front of the dummy. "Willing hands as
sisted the distracted husband in carrying
tho unfortunate woman to the Zlnkand
cafe while Officer Fraher telephoned to
the Emergency Hospital. On* the arrival
of the hospital ambulance Townsend de
cided to take his wife to their home. The
family physician was summoned and he
found that Mrs. Townsend had sustained
a severe scalp wound in Addition to being
considerably bruised about the body.
Mrs. ~W. S. Townsend
Narrowly Escapes
Being Killed.
SLIPS IN FRONT
OF PASSING CAR
A rear-end \ collision between , a yellow
and a green fear, on Powell street at the
foot of the grade between' Sacramento and
Clay ... streets at 5:30 o'clock last evening
resulted . in the possibly fatal injury of
Reuben Harris, eleven years of age, and a
severe shaking up^f or the passengers who
crowded . both cars.' ' The yellow car was
badly battered and its conductor suffered
numerous contusions. ¦. ¦, * ¦
The accident was "due ' to a,"greasy"
track, caused by the slight rain that had
fallen. prior to that hour,, and the motor
man's failure to keep control of the car
as it coasted down the hill toward Clay
street.- ¦ :
The yellow car ¦, had stopped \ while a
Clay street car passed in front of it. The
green car, No. 470, with W. F.: Wren as
motorman, -was following but a; block be
hind the yellow car.- -
.Motorman Wren loosed the hold, of the
grip on the> cable at the Sacramento
street crossing and as the car passed over
the level crossing and started down hill
he applied the brakes. Either he did not
set them tightly enough or they failed to
check the ¦ car on account - of the slippery
track. The car speeded down the hill with
increasing momentum, Wren throwing all
his weight on the brake lever as he real
ized the danger of collision.' i :-*-.'
'Some of the passengers riding on- the
front of the car saw that a collision could
not be averted and jumped to save them
selves. The runaway car struck the yel
low one with a crash that sounded like
the discharge of heavy arullery. The
breaking » of glass and the crunching of
wood and Iron was followed by the
shrieks of women and children, and the
two cars were emptied of their passen
gers with an alacrity.' born -of panic. ¦-
At first 7 it was feared that many had
been hurt,' but when the flurry had some
what subsided none showed injuries ex
cept the Harris boy and the conductor.
The; boy was riding on the rear .plat
form of the yellow car. He was knocked
off and he lay unconscious on the ground.
Passengers picked him up and carried him
to the sidewalk, and a little later, pending
the arrival of the ambulance,- he was
taken to the -office of Dr. Minnie -Worley
on Clay street. He was found to be suf
fering from. an ugly contusion on the back
of his head. When the ambulance arrived
the boy was taken. to his home at 13^.
John street. He is - the -i son of Mr. and
Mrs.' H.' Harris. Dr. Horace Ijaidlaw, who
was called to treat the little sufferer, said
at a late hour last' night that the boy was
in a semi-conscioUs condition. He- said
further that though his diagnosis was not
complete, he feared there had been a
fracture of the skull. - ¦ .
Attacked With an Aac
Ah v Gow and Ah Jung, members of the
Ping,Kong Tong, quarreled about money
matters on • Stockton . and Pacific . streets
yesterday -morning and Ah Gow struck
Ah Jung on the neck with an ax. Before
he could repeat the blow J.'.Rothm'an and
Harry Oswald, who happened to be pass-
Ing at the time, jumped upon him and
took the ax from him. Ah Jung was
taken to the Emergency . Hospital, i where
a flesh wound • on hie neck was stitched
and dressed. • Ah Gow was turned over to
Detective McMahon and Policeman Con
way and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of assault. with a deadly weapon.
Corset Specials for This Week.
•Sapphire corsets, $2.50; Royal "Worcester
corset, black; $L25 quality, 65c. ...-All cor
sets-fitted. Chester ;F.vWright, 6 Geary
Bt., cor. Kearny, first floor upstairs. •
Shera Whips Two Bobbers.
.Arthur' Shera, 3315 Mission ( street, re
ported : to . the : police yesterday that two
men attempted to hold him up at Twenty
ninth'and Mission streets about 3 o'clock
yesterday morning. ¦-, He said he knocked
them down and they afterward ran away.
He said one of them was Edward . Carey.
Carey, was arrested ; later by . Policeman
Wollweber and booked on a charge of
assault with Intent to commit robbery- 1 •
Boy.. Severely ; V. Injured in a
Collision on Powell
Street. Line.
Motorman Says Slippery
Bails Are to Blame - i
for Accident.
Mayor Phelan Speaks Happily on Selection of a Musician to Suc
ceed Him as San ??Frana^
Afternoon- is Spent by -Members; and Their Numerous Friends
FAILS TO STOP
COASTING CAR
ARION VEREIN KEEPS OPEN HOUSE
AND E NTERTA I N S M AN Y VI SITORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1903.
Benedict Pfarrer, a builder and con
tractor, . residing at 3510 Twenty-first
street, was found dead in his bed yester
day morning, having been asphyxiated by
gas that had escaped from a three-hole
gas plate. The body had been lying there
about three days. One of the burners of
the gas plate was open and gas was es
caping from it.
The milkman who left milk for the
family detected the odor of illuminating
gas proceeding from the lower flat, which
was occupied by Pfarrer alone. He no
tified Pfarrer's wife and son. who live in
the second-floor fiat> Charles T. Pfarrer.
the son, was the first to find the body
of his father. .
The old man was very careless about
turning off the gas on the gas plate, and
had been warned several times by his
daughter-in-law and others. He was
rather eccentric and was often . absent
from his home for several days at a time.
It was for this reason that his family did
not pay any attention to his disappear
ance. Asthma troubled him a good deal,
and his sense of smell was very much im
paired. For that reason he was unable to
know whether the gas was escaping or
not.
Pfarrer was a native of Switzerland and
65 years old.
Three Days in the Family
Flat.
Well-Known Contractor Lay Dead for
BENEDICT PFAKBER- FOUND
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
An investigation of the affair will be
made by the officer In charge of Alcatraz
and forwarded to the departmental mili
tary headquarters. ¦.¦¦' r~
Medical aid was immediately summoned
and the poisoned men were taken to the
post hospital. Mitchell died on Sunday
night. The other prisoners who were suf
fering from tlje poison were • pronounced
out of danger In a few hours -and were
put back to work Monday morning.
The bodies of Canfleld and Mitchell
were sent on Tuesday to Angel Island
and buried in the military cemetery of the
post
A representative of The Call who vis
ited Alcatraz Island last night was re
ceived at the wharf by Lieutenant A. Mc-
Intyre of the coast artillery, the officer
of the day. He verified the facts of the
occurrence as given above.
CanSeld and Mitchell were under sen
tences of five years' Imprisonment, and
were tried by court-martial in the Philip
pine Islands. Lieutenant Mclntyre stated
that he did not know the military records
of the two dead soldiers or the names of
the others who had partaken of the poi
sonous drink.
The first intimation the authorities had
that anything was wrong was early Sun
day morning, when Fred Canfield, a pris
oner, was found dead In his cell. \ John
Mitchell, another prisoner, was discovered
In & dying condition. Two other prisoners
¦were also found to be suffering from al
coholic poisoning.
Rumors were circulated through the
city last evening that a number of mili
tary prisoners on Alcatraz Island had
broken jail on the previous night and had
raided the medical stores, securing a
quantity of wood alcohol, and that some
of the men had died from drinking the
liquid.
The officers at the. Presidio were reti
cent on the matter, and every attempt
was made to keep the deaths secret.
It was learned, however, that several
of the military prisoners employed in the
kitchen had stolen a quantity of wood al
cohol and lemon extract last Saturday
night and conveyed the same to their
cells.
Prisoners at Alcatraz
Steal Liquid From
the Kitchen:
WOOD ALCOHOL
KILLS SOLDIERS
12
¦ ¦ ¦ • . ..... _ _¦; y ¦
¦OFIIO ATI fill k I
SENSATIONAL
SALE OF
WOMEN'S WAISTS
Most of the Waists hava been reduced
to half the!r original valus.
Come early and take your choice at
the following remarkable prices.
QQ/, for WOMEN'S GERMAN FI^AN^
Ovv NEL WAISTS, come In stripes or
fancy figures; regular price 75c.
OQ/,' 1 for WOMEN'S GERMAN, FLAN-
O«7W .NEL WAISTS, In stripes and fig-
r uresi'prettljy made and lined throughout;
regular price '$1 25. ./".
QQr» tor WOMEN'S BLACK MER-
O Cf C CERIZED -. SATEEN ¦ WAISTS;
lined throughout; regular 75c . value.
AQ r for WOMEN'S WAISTS, made of
Uvv beat Mercerized Sateen, front and
back one mass of fine tucks; good $1 25
S value. _ ' » - ''
' <C 1 *- 1C" tor BI^ACK MERCERIZED
0l«10" SATEEN WAISTS. front
prettily trimmed < with fancy embroidered
braiding; good |1 75 value. .
e| QO * 'or SILK STRIPED' CASH-
OliOZ ; .MERE WAISTS, made up In
' an entirely new effect; you pay |3 00 for
¦. same waist elsewhere. , .
<1» 1 QK'.-f« *est BLACK, CREAM or
«J> 1 • %J *J COLORED ALBATROSS
WAISTS, trimmed with fine tucking and
• rows of black velvet ribbon; buttoned
back or front;. good $3 50 value; many of
these waists are trimmed with Point
','. Venice insertion. V •
C1 QQ for flne FRENCH r FLAN-
Ol«Ocl ,NEL WAISTS. preAuP
' tucked' and hemstitched; lined through- "
'.out; ; regular $2 50; value. . . ¦ .-:
'CO : QSt. :(or choice . of ' our , regular
«t> Z .\3 O $5 00 ¦ and : $6 00 WAISTS^
made of Imported French' flannel with
the- blouse. v beautifully , embroidered In
silk bow knot patterns ' and- many other
pretty styles. •• ...
CO Q£* ' .tar imported FLANNEL'
tt>O«Xt> WAISTS, made : In latest ef-
with vest of fine tucked white broad-'
cloth and .silk 'Persian . trimming; same
waist : sells elsewhere ; for . $6 00. •
SILK WAISTS;
"CrQ-Cfcf^' * or choice "of 'handsome 'as-
([)€>m*J*J ; ' sortment . pf the newest Taf-
-• feta * and . Peau • de Sole SILK WAISTb;
they are ' everything ¦ that fashion decreed
'as modish - for ' season's wear; some
:¦ are beautifully trimmed . with : •¦- tucking.
•"; hemstitching and fancy^ braiding; buttoned
;in back or . front ; come In all the prevall-
" : Ing: colors; many of these 1 Silk Waists
¦ have . been selling ; from ?7 00 to ?9 00.
-. -Sizes for Waists on sale. '82 to ,44; but--
: . ton : front or • back ; ! come In all colors ln-
- eluding^ black, and cream...:
WE CLOSE ATJIX O'CLOCK,
MARKET ST:,
Bet. Taylor and Jonts.
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
-
IF YOU'VE NEVER YET TRIED
US, TRY US NOW. AND START
IN ON "WHAT "WILL PROVE ONE
OP THE MOST 'ECONOMICAL. - i
YEARS OF GROCERY BUYING
YOU'VE EVER KNOWN.
BUTTER, 2 squares 75c
Choice Creamry.
FINNAN HADDIES, Ib.... 12*5
A fancy new lot Just arrived.
Reeularly 15c.
California Olive Oil, -qt. bot. 70c; do}, 40c ,
"Santa Barbara." guaranteed absolutely J m
pure. Regularly 85c and 50c. . • ' If
ROCK AND RYE, bottle.. 65o
Best Rock Candy and
Pure Rye Whisky; Just the thingr
For a cold. Regularly .$1.00.
MINCED CLAMS, tin........ ...... IO|
Plsmo Packlnjr Co.'a Celebrated Brand.
Delicious for Soup and Chowder
CREOLE RICE, 2Hb pkr, 20c; 5-lb pfu. 4%
A Strictly Fancy Whole Rice.
Regularly 235 and 50c
PANCAKE FLOUR, 3 packages 25c
"Uncle Jerry's" Delicious Brand-
Ready for use.
Regularly 10c a pk».
CHICKEN COCK WHISKEY, bottle .... .75c
0RAR6E MARMAUOE, Jar 15c
Cutting- » Celebrated M*Jc».
Regularly 25c.
Country orders given prompt attention.
Catalogue Frse.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
For Stomach Disorders'
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline J Water
•JMO BROADWAY. N. T.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
I Specialist <rur« Bloort Poison, UonorrhCBa, Gleet.
8 i t « k^ n JE* # Serultla l Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. . Book on Diseases of Men. freau
OveraJyears' experience. Terms reasonable. Hours
9to3daily :6:30to8.30ev't;fiL Sundays. JO to li Cnnsnl*
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ttOSCOE MeXUIiTY.M.D.
20 M Kearny St^ San Franeiseo, Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIAX.
NOTICE!
-•- Mayerle*s Sutler ior Quallt?*
Eyeglasses, which ar» th«
¦^2E^^T»n only ones Indorsed by tha
rggSKSc^' hi Sbeat U. 3. Army. Navy
WjaaJF^v and Government offlciala
••^^ can t« had only . of Geonc»
Mayerle.;at 1071% Market st.. near 7th iS.t ¦
Francisco.. Mr. George Mayer le has na Branch >
offices, nor does he employ traveling optician*'*
to represent aim. Telephone South 572. G«r> Jt
man Eyewater.* 50c. CUT THIS OUT. *
Hole's. | Hale**.
Market Street, , <^^^^^^^^^^ Opposite Golden
near Sixth, . Ajffl> JMl^*^^ vjEp»°^<^^gp Gate Aveoue.
Unusual News To=day
The occasion demands if.
• We're in the race to win again this year. So we've planned to
take the lead at the start; easier to keep it than to get it. Ten years
of training has put us in fine trim.
Keep your eye on Hale's this year.
Ribbon Remnants Domestics.
TQ"day. Prices' deduce.
That's all we need to say. In fact, n n7pn T ftwp i fi ARc Hnr-
we don't need to say a word about ,, anH '
them in the papers to make 'em go. -P, , , M ." \ ' , ¦ . \
Showing them is enough. But too Bleached, fringed,. 16x29 inches;
many women have come. to depend good, big soft heavy ones. 100
on our daily advertisements for what dozen- marked down -from • 60c
they want for us to think of disap- this. morning for the first time
pointing them. .... to 43= dozen
They are last ends of our Christmas Wrapper HanneiS, DC.
ribbons— non* of them more than two Heavv fleeeM hark mods that
weeks old. Never had guch a fine lot of rieavy neecea DaCK gOOdS inai
RIBBONS FOB. CHTLDREN'S we v « been selling for 7J4c, ptnk,
HAIR AND . NECK. blue, red and green grounds,
___ _ striped and fancy patterns, 2$
' _ '¦ •#- inches wide, to-day 6c.
5cariS and DoiIieS Robe Blankets, 65c pair.
¦ • «j «e ¦-» • Fancy cotton ones in dark col-
Near Hal? Price. ors, striped patterns that go in
«« ? the 75c. class. - We have marked
Not many of them-that's all. :^J»- °j them this morning for the
Plenty to make an excitement to-day. xxj-J?! m ?• q,/,,
15c FOR 25c— FOR BATTFJSTBERQ Wr " Z % , ,f ¦ Z -7" t
dollies. - -•. Twilled, 36 inches wide, the same
•n.W^^SSP^^S:^^^ *™y alit y- « ood , wcight ' th u at
5c FOR STAMPED DOXLIKS that has been lie. To close out the
- ?Sc Ve •^.^ u JS? d ? p to t °bSSnX,i % 1 ft,^ 2500 yards we mark it this morn-
25c FOR OOc SQUARES. 24 inches. mg 854c.
25c fob dresseb sc AJtFS. isxM Canton Flannel, 5c.
¦ Inches. Open work and embroidery shams 4,7 u j o~, A £t/ -1
to match. • Bleached, 2800 yards, O^c qual-
30c FOR CAMBRIC SCARFS or j ty t hi s morning for the first
shams, prettily embroidered; %-tach hem .-" . °
borders; they will stand washing. time, 5C yard.
Dress Goods==New Prices
Very Interesting.
Quite a stir-up goes into effect this morning in the Dress Goods
Section. The different lines of goods never move along together;
takes a-leveling of prices now and then to even them^up. The
Iuckvbuyers then make a little money go a long ways.
First illustration is: i
50c Pierola Cloth at 25c Yard.
A splendid black suiting. Designs in small effective patterns. So pretty
it's hard to tell from the imported novelties.
Four other as-good values.
$2.OO Cheviots at $1.15 yard.
One of the coveted fabrics within easier reach of slender purses than ever.
It's quite a heavy diagonal cloth of the finest pure wool. Imported. It's the
stylish stuff for street costumes and separate skirts. 50 Inches wide; but
we've shut our eyes to the quality and style. To close out what's left we
have marked it $1.15 this moruhis for the first .time..
75c and 85c Skirt and Waisting Stuffs at 59c.
42 and 45 inches wide; two styles In 13 different colorings, some of them
bright and pretty for children's dresses, others in darker effects, suitable for
women's waists and skirts. Firmly woven, medium weight cloths that
wear well. It's a fine bargain for you if.you_don't care t& walk. at the head
$2.50 th and $2.75 Golf Skirting $1.75.
Plaid back,' reversible stuff so much in vogue now for walking and rafny day
skirts. It does nof require lining and never shrinks. There Is no better nor
prettier goods for street skirts. Comes in the. latest color combinations. 50
to 56 inches wide. . We've not a full assortment, so we cannot ask a full
price, so we mark them this morning J1.73. .
5Oc Covert Suitings at 29c.
36 inches wide; dark, serviceable colorings; it's all wool— that's why they are
so • valuable. "We have had to forget that now that the color assortment is
broken. Buy now what's left; 29c i stead of 50c.
•NINETY-SECOND ANNUAL EXHIBIT
...OF THE...
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
HARTFORD - - - - CONN.
JANUARY, 1, 1902.
Total Assets '......... $12,259,076.45
Reserve for Reinsurance . . .;;:... • 6,798,504.68
Net Surplus oyer all, including Capital Stock. ;.-. . 3,850,500.44
SURPLUS TO^ POLICY-HOLDERS: t
$5,100 9 500^4.
OVER $50,000,000.00 LOSSES PAID TO PATRONS.
Agencies In AH Towns and Cities .
Br-r-^2 Li CHASE, President. P. C ROYCE, Secretaru.
THOMAS TURNBULL, CHAS.E. CHASE, ASS't SeCys.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
313 CALIFORNIA. STREET, San Francisco;
HENRY K. BELpEN,
Manager. .
WHITNEY PALACHE - - Assistant Manager.
Opportunity^
. We - are .in -, re- • (• \ . ¦
ceipt of an-yelegaht 1° 3/ A\
line .of ; ; new : de- j ' * - c 7^J[iC \\
signs '. in? c 1 o t h, "'¦ I f "^VNo^L;:
made to Your espe- - m\ _ ' „ \
cial ?orderj for the >"7 1 7ty '-'. - j{
season's i^demands. ' //""[""li
and, these : consti- . II.. \\
tute a? New Year's /¦/ ' \\ -
opportunity • t h a t ¦/: I \\
cannot -y be y dupli- , KJ \ JA
cated , v anywhere /_ / . r. \ ~ L
else '' in - San" Fran- ' r-\ .
cisco. We also have all . the - very lattfst ,
designs ; in suits . 'and ; garments, fresh
from the hands of * their ¦ originators—^
and • these are also exclusively Vour own.
Hence^.ybu can see ; the advantage of
having us make your; garments. They
cost no ; more : than • ready-made 'ones.
; : TAILORJ -
g!4< MARKET JT. ; 5an Francisco
AJVEBTISEMENTS.
nioypiNT.
The Independent Gas and Power
Company announces that its new
and complete plant is rapidly being
finished.
It has placed orders for about ten
thousand (io,ooo) tons of pipe, and
has on hand about two thousand
(2000) tons.
The laying of mains will com-
mence immediately after January
1st and be prosecuted as rapiifrr as
possible.
This company will make contracts
to supply gas for two 5-ears at the
rate of seventy-five (75). cents per
thousand cubic feet in all districts
as rapidly as the necessary pipes can
!Na€P?ND?NT CAS and
POWER COMPANY.
A. M. HUNT, Genera! Manager.