Continued on Page Two.
SEATTLE. Jan. 17.— The steamship Elthu
Thompson, 'five days overdue, reached port
this morning from Valdez with ten paaaeagers
and a cargo of 000 tons of Ellamar copper ort.
She reports heavy southwesterly gile*. . _ 4 .
The Elihu Thompson Safe.
For thirteen years since he attained
nis . majority/ Kano enjoyed the Income
from ' ; this estate. Highly educated, he
traveled over the world, and after seven
years in San Francisco he came to New
York and began business on Fifth avenue
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.-Mlss Rose
Jeanne Regensburg and Kano Oshima, a
Japanese, were made husband and wife
on Wednesday evening. He is a Buddhist
and the bride an atheist. The ceremony
was a civil one, and Judge Giegerick of
the Supreme Court, . who officiated.
changed the ritual to meet the views of
the young woman. Twenty-four years
old and a' pretty brunette, the bride is
the daughter of Mrs. Marie Regensburg-
Ressler. Of a family as old as any in
Japan, with a handsome estate at Guma
ken, near Tokio, Oshima has been in this
country for .. several - years. - His grand
father was the owner of a copper mine
at Mount Ashlo. famous for the quality
of its product. Kano was his favorite,
and to him. he arranged to leave the bulk
of his estate after his death, .v
In a final endeavor Kano went to Japan
in June last and saw his father, who
would not relent. Then the young man
declared he would forfeit his fortune
rather than marry another girL He
proved this. He signed papers relinquish
ing his right to 1.000.000 yen.
¦
In February he wrote to nis father, tell
ing him he was about to marry an Amer
ican girl. This met with the old man's
emphatic opposition. Not only had he
selected a Japanese girl of high caste
whom he wished to call daughter-in-law,
but never, he wrote, could property which
had been in the family thousands of years
fall into the hands of those in whose
veins there was other than Japanese
blood. :
as a dealer In Oriental wares of the cost
liest variety.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Japanese Is Disinherited Because He
Makes Mi^s Regensburg His Wife.
Mahony keeps his office for the present,"
but at a cost of a loss of public esteem
that might well make any but a hard
ened ward-heeler . hesitate before seizing
that horn of the. dilemma. Ha-vlng iflnt
'sat silent under accusations that V. would
have caused an Innocent man to/ waive
technicalities and disregard questions oX
William F. Herrin is the man , behind
the scenes, whose efforts are responsible
for keeping in office a man whose recent
acts have amounted to a confession of
guilt of criminal acts. Herrin wants such
a man as Mahony in charge of the Coun
ty Clerk's. office. No one, not even Crim
mins, appreciates so well as he the possi
bilities that are opened up by having a
tool In charge of that office. Mahony Is
putty in the hands of • Herrin and Crim
mins and the railroad boss will not see
his henchman lose his power for useful
ness to him without making a struggle
against It.
Mayor Schmitz announces without res
ervation that he believes Mahony to be
guilty of violation of the charter and of
the purity of elections law. He believes
that the County Clerk's offense was -so
heinous that the public welfare demands
his Immediate removal from office. That
he has not suspended Mahony Is due en
tirely to the temporary respite which an
alternative writ of prohibition granted
by Judge Cook has given Crimmins' ¦ man
, Friday in the County Clerk's office.
consideration of the evidence
placed before him of the County Clerk's
criminal acts, was all that saved Bert
Mahony from removal from office yester
day, v
AN appeal' to the restraining
power of the courts, snap judg
ment taken to prevent , the
Mayor from carrying out a pur
pose decided upon after careful
Surprise Is * Mutual.
The next trip was to the Mayor's oflice.
;^V'V; Judge Carroll Cook in his
chambers at the Hall of Justice. He car
ried f with ¦ him a complaint upon, which
County Clerk Mahony based his prayer
for* a ; writ "of prohibition restraining
Mayor Schmitz from 'removing him from
office and the formal order according to
the prayer of • the complaint which was
to be' served ; on theMayor. / ;
/Judge Cook: granted the jprayer of the
plaintiff that an alternative ; writ of pro
hibition issue, commanding the Mayor to
desist and refrain from suspending or re
moving, or. attempting to this
plaintiff as such » County "Clerk, or from
the office of, the " County/ Clerk. The
Mayor was directed to appear, and show
cause why he . should -not v be absolutely
restrained and prohibited , from removing
or /"suspending .the. plaintiff "as' County
Clerk or from said office. of County Clerk.
Judge Cook assigned';" the' /case to Judge
Hebbard's court.-. .:.;.:".'.:.'__--'¦
. A waiting ;• hack ; was ;, called into play
and a wild ride' made", for the City Hall.
The destination; reached, Attorney Rior
dan ran up the stairs leading to the Coun
ty Clerk's office, to file the writ.
•-- "Never mind the change,", said Attorney
Riordan to Deputy St. r - Ledger,' as he
grabbed "up his handkerchief, his hat and
his papers and rushed .to Judge Hebbard'8
.court to have a date and an hour, set for
theT hearing of the prayer. Judge ;Heb
bardfixed Thursday 'next, January 23, as
the date and ¦ the hour as 10 -a." m. '
' l A- FTER an all-night session with
• -#m a stenographer, a typewriter
ajk and sundry law books Attorney
f^\ T - p - Riordan" early yesterday
•" ! ™ morning sought Presiding
uncertain authority, Mahony confesses
the weakness of .the stand taken ad
vice of his attorney by rushing off . to
court to secure a restraining - order to de
lay, the Mayor In the "exercise of the au
thority^, which the County. Clerk in the
next breath; denies that he possesses.
Public Opinion Convicts Mahoney.
At'the bar of public opinion .Mahony
stands convicted of the venal acts , of
which he has been charged. He may re
tain ¦ possession • for. a while of his office
and ' ; continue - to maintain j about him j the
choice spirits with whom .Crimmins' has
surrounded him— including not a few
beetle-browed and hard-fisted followers of
•the prize ring, who have taken the places
of competent and popular j deputies who
have for years, given faithful service to
the office arid the 'public. But he will not
escape the t consequences of his misdeeds,
and though retribution may not be swift
it. will, be sure.
The Grand Jury found its time .monop
olized yesterday by another investigation,
and at half-past 3 o'clock the witnesses
who. had been subpenaed for the Mahony
inquiry were,; informed "¦ that the hearing
had .been continued until next "Tuesday
afternoon. At that time it will be taken
up and Mahony and Riordan will need to
do ; someY hard thinking to find a shield
behind -which the accused __ County Clerk
may nide 'from that agent of justice.,
Fit Counselor to Mahony.^
Thomas D.'Kiordan. proved himself yes
terday; to lbe-a, fit counselor .to •• a .-writer
of ante-election pledges. Having request
ed considerate 'treatment at the .hands'" of
the ¦ Mayor, Riordan spent the night' arid
the :. early; morning ¦; hours ' In preparing - *a :
"surprise" for the Mayor; ; wh6' had looked
County Clerk Is Granted a |<of^Prohibition; Whiciv|Eiwent:s
Temporarily His Suspension and the Appointment of a
Man Free From Ante-Election Pledges*
COURT'S RESTRAINING ARM ALONE
PROTECTS MAHONY FROM REMOVAL
BY MAYOR, WHO DEEMS HIM GUILTY
IN THE SHADOW OF THE LAW.
RELINQUISHES A FORTUNE
TO MARRY AMERICAN GIRL
% The State of Guerrero has always been the focus of seismic
disturbances. Reports received here state that the shock was
very severe at Chillapa. No casualties are so far reported from
there.
The duration of the Chilpancingo shock was less than that
in Mexico City, having lasted fifty seconds against fifty-five sec
onds at the capital
Up to 1 1 o'clock to-night no further news had come from
Chilpancingo. The eartHtmake was also intense at Iguala. in
the State of Guerrero; .destroying the parish church and many
buildings in the cityjari'd [neighborhood. Among the latter was
the sugar mill of Gerierj,%Frist>ie, an American. The mill had
just been completed am^fitted, up with American machinery at
a cost of $200,00. The property loss is immense throughout
the State of Guerrero:; >
SHOCK VERY SEVERE AT CHILPANCINGO.
The number of deaths was greater in . the parish church
than in 1 any other place, as a crowd of worshipers was gathered
there for the afternoon service. The solid masonry walls and
the roof fame toppling down on the worshipers and many of
those within were killed.
The War Department has ordered troops in the neighbor
hood to co-operate in the work. of rescue. Until this work is
completed it will be '..impossible Jo^ accurately learn th*e number
of victims. r ''
It is believed, however, that this is one of the most destruc
tive seismic phenomena that has occurred in Mexico. The
greater part of the population of Chilpancingo are now camp
ing out under tents around the town, which is five days* jour
ney from the national capital:
Earthquake shocks were felt in many other cities and
towns. In Mexico City the earthquake occurred at 5:17 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and was of such violence as to shake the
most substantial buildings. The Pan-American Congress was in
session at the time and many of the delegates were greatly
alarmed. The first movement here was one of trepidation and
was very sharp. It was followed by an easy, oscillatory move
ment north-northeast to south-southwest. The duration was
fifty-five seconds. The damage in this city was slight.
MANY MEET DEATH WHILE AT CHURCH.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 17.— One of the most terrible
catastrophes in the history of the State of Guerrero is
reported to have occurred late yesterday afternoon,
when an. extremely violent earthquake shock was felt
at Chilpancingo, causing a great loss of life and injuring many
persons. Details from the stricken district are very meager,
but scattering reports received here indicate that probably 300
persons were killed and as many more injured. It is known
that, the State capitol, the parish church and many business
houses and residences are in ruins, and that there is much suf
fering as a result of the awful seismic disturbance.
• One of the edifices that suffered most was the Federal tele
graph office, which explains the paucity of news that has so far
reached this city.
Meager details, finally began to arrive here. The telegraph
lines and , apparatus at Chilpancingo were badly damaged, but
the employes, all of whom were 'uninjured, quickly proceeded
to erect an improvised telegraph office on the outskirts of the
city.
of the Republic, and in Addition to the
' Killed Some Three Hundred Are Injured
Shocks Are Felt in Other Cities and Towns
At the Capital, the Parish
Church, Business Structures and Many
Dwellings Are Quickly Reduced to-Ruins
AWFUL CATASTROPHE
SHATTERS MANY HOUSES IN
THE STATE OF GUERRERO
THREE HUNDRED LIVES ARE CRUSHED OUT IN MEXICO
IN WRECKING OF BUILDINGS BY TERRIBLE EARTHQUAKE
CANAL COMMISSIONERS
DECIDE TO REPORT IN
FAVOR OF PANAMA ROUTE
Will Recommend to the President That
the French Company's Offer to Sell
for Forty Million Dollars Be Accepted
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
stock of the Panama Railroad, also con
ducted an examination of M. Edouard
Lampre, secretary general of the French
company, who assured the commission
that there was not the slightest ground
for any dispute as to title or for any liti
gation in behalf of the stockholders of
the old Panama company.
In addition to this, a statement was
sent in from the State Department that
assurances of the most emphatic char
acter had been given to Secretary Hay
by Minister Silva of the United States
of Colombia that his Government as soon,
as the canal was transferred to the
United States would enter into negotia
tions of a treaty under which the United
States could proceed with the work, and
under which it could own, operate and
control the canal and exercise sovereignty
over the territory on which the canal is
constructed.
Title "Will Be Made Clear.
All the statements apparently con
vinced the commission that there wouM
be no difficulty in the future to impair
the title of the Government to the canal.
The commission also decided that the mi
nority stockholders in the railroad did not
cut any figure as a controlling factor.
The minority stockholders will not be
able to hamper the building of the canal
by the United States any more than they
were able to hamper the building of tha
canal by French capital.
No matter how the report of the Canal
Commission may be in favor of Panama,
Senator Morgan, who has great influence
in the Senate, will fight' with the utmost
vigor the effort to sell the Panama prop
erty to the United States. Even should
the French Government approve the sale.
Senator Morgan will continue hostile to
the proposition. His position is that ot
uncompromising hostility.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
i X. W., WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.
— After a session which lasted
the entire day and until nearly
midnight the Isthmian Canal
Commission has adjourned until
to-morrow, having practically completed
its supplemental report. The report will
be typewritten and signed by the nine
Commissioners to-morrow, after which it
will be placed in the hands of President
Roosevelt, who will send it to Congress
¦without delay.
The report, it is understood, is In favor
of the acceptance by the United States of
the offer of the Panama Canal Company
to sell for 540,000,000. This sum, it is un
derstood. Is to pay for practically every
thing the canal company has on the isth
mus. Including 68.B00 shares of the Pana
ma Railroad out of a total of 70,000; hos
pitals, the administration building and.
of course, the rights and franchises en-
Joyed by the company.
Hanpt Iieads the Opposition.
From the first a majority of the com
mission has favored the Panama route if
the Panafea company could be induced
to sell for a sum approaching $40,000,000,
but there was at the meeting yesterday
and to-day a strong and active minority
headed by Professor Louis M. Haupt of
Philadelphia. It was desired by the com
mission to avoid presenting two reports.
All previous reports have been made by
the entire commiFsion, and Admiral "Wal
ker's diplomacy was harshly tested in an
effort to keep this record unbroken.
The most important thing to be decided
by the commission to-day was the legal
ity of the title which the Panama com
pany proposed to give to the United
States. The commission, in addition to
questioning the owners of the minority
DUTCH PREMIER ADVISES
BOERS TO SUE FOR PEACE
Approval of Men Still Fighting for Independ
ence Must, However, Be Secured.
under no circumstances would act as an
intermediary.
Dr. Leyds, the representative in Europe
of the Transvaal, is expected shortly at
The Hague.
LONDON, Jan. lS.-The Amsterdam cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says it is
definitely known that the recent visit to
London of the Dutch Premier, Dr. Kuy
per, resulted directly from Mr. Kruger
and the Boer delegates having been per
suaded officially to waive their claim for
independence, pending approval by "the
Boers who are still fighting. A prominent
gathering of Boers has been arranged for
to-morrow at The Hague, at which it
may be decided to make tentative over
tures for peace.
LONDON, Jan. 17.-A dispatch to the
Exchange Telegraph Company from
Budapest says that Baron Paul Linne
vals, who has served with the Boers, and
Baron Hurzens will leave Budapest in
February with a strong body of recruits
for the Transvaal. •
EBITISH EXPLAIN
TO GERMAN OFFICIALS
Government Leader Balfour Says the
Foreign Secretary Spoke of Cham-
berlain's Remarks.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— A. J. Balfour, the
Government leader, replied in the House
of Commons to-day to a series of ques
tions In regard to the reference in the re
cent speech of the German Imperial
Chancellor, Count yon Bulow, to assur
ances received by Germany on the sub
ject of the utterances at Edinburgh of
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary.
Balfour declared that no assurances
had been officially asked for by Germany,
but that In unofficial conversation Lord
Lansdowne, the Foreign Secretary, had
pointed out to the German Embassador
that Chamberlain ' had made no charges
of barbarity against the German or any
other army. In the opinion of the Gov
ernment nothing was' required to be said
either in the direction of qualifying or
withdrawing the remarks of Chamberlain.
Replying to another question, Balfour
said Colonel Arthur Lynch, the recently
elected member for Galway, who is said
to have fought on the side of the Boers
In South Africa, would .be arrested im
mediately after landing on British soil.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— Reuter's Telegram
Company has received the following dis
patch from Amsterdam: According to
trustworthy information Dr. Kuyper, the
Dutch Premier, recently intimated to the
Boer delegates the desirability, in vf'.w
of Lord Roseberv's speech at Chesti r
fleld, of their giving some intimation to
the British Government of the basis on
Trhich they would entertain peace negoti
ations. Dr. Kuyper pointed out the im
probability of any of the groat powers in
tervening in South Africa in the near fu
ture, and suggested that he be allowed
informally to sound his friends in London
in the hope of a semi-official response.
The Dutch Premier accordingly met Abra
ham Fischer, the leader of the Boer dele
gates, and others, at Brussels, where a
long conference was held, after which Dr.
Kuyper proceeded to London. The result
of his visit, If any has been attained; is
not yet known.
It is understood that Dr. Kuyper dis
tinctly assured the Boers that Holland
STEAMSHIP COMPANIES
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
Pierpont Morgan Now Busy With
Another Business Merger of
Amazing Magnitude.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.-The Sun says:
Within a short time announcements will
be made of the most Important union
cf ocean steamship lines ever at
tempted and completed. For the past few
months J. P. Morgan has been at work,,
ud within the past few days the details
of the merger have been practically com.
pleted in his New Tork office.
The Americans most intimately con
cerned In the deal are Morgan, Clement
A. Griscom, president of the International
Navigation Company 1 ; A. J. Cassatt, pres
ident of the Pennsylvania Railroad; Hen
ry H. Rogers of the Standard Oil Com
pany; James J. Hill, John D. Rockefeller
and William Rockefeller and others of
the financiers and railroad men who are
Interested with Mr. Morgan In the com
munity-of-interest group of railroads and
the United States Steel Corporation.
The arrangement involves a deal of the
most comprehensive character, which is'
about to be carried out between Morgan,
on behalf of a group of American export
ers, and Ismay, Graves, Pirrie, Hill and
"Wilding, who represent the principal con
trollers of the trans- Atlantic freight traf
fic.
Bringing: Dix Back for Trial.
NEW WHATCOM, Jan. 17.— A cable
gram was received by the County Attor
ney this morning from Sheriff Brisban;
who is in London to brine back H. St.
John DIx. wanted here on a. charge of
wrecking two banks, authorizing him to
pay the reward offered for the prisoner's
capture. The Sheriff said that he would
sail for the United Statea with his pris
oner on Saturday, January 18.
Clergyman Kills His Stepson.
ALTOX. 111.. Jan. 17.— The Rev. Mr.
Gidding to-night stabbed to death his
stepson. Harry Hlghfleld, and was hlm
eelf perhaps fatally Injured, sustaining:
two fractured ribs, besides Internal In
juries. The tragedy took place three
miles east of Shipman, III., and was the
culmination of a feud of long standing
between the father and son, dating from
the marriage or the boy's mother, five
years ago. Highficld had just returned
from three years' service In the Philip
pine*. . ' '"', —
Type Founders Increase Capital.
.TRENTON, N. J.. Jan- 17,— Th© Ameri
can -Type Founders Company to-day filed
paperslncreasingr its capital from $4,000,000
to J6.000.000. The company's - authorized
capital was at on© time 19.000,000, -but this
¦vas subsequently- decreased to ; f 4,000,000.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 49.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
SAN; FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 1902;
Continued on Page Two,- > • t
The San Francisco Call.
Herrin and Crimmins Taking to the Tall Timber.for nothing^. b*ut' honorable conducOanfl
equal consideration on his part. "•- : .
"The evidence of Mr. Mahony's guilt,"'
Mayor Schmitz ; said ; yesterday afternoon.
WASHINGTON, Jan.: 17.— The President
: to-day commuted the' sentence of "William
N. Boggs, teller. of the 'First National
Bank of Dover, Dei., who Inl898 was seh
tfneed to . five- years for. embestlement.
but was. kept in jail one year. b«f of* een
te-nce .was ; pronounced in . order to ' assist
the 'prosecution of the cases against other
persons" who also were Implicated in
wrecking the bank. The President ebm
| mutes Eojjss' sentence Tto expire April 23.
President Commutes a Sentence.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protrudlnr Pii«
Ko Cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of nilw<
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordlnkTv
cases in six days; worst cases In fourteen days
One application Elves ease and rest Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive *uar
ante*, no cure no pay. A free sample will be
cent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price. 50c. If your druggist don't keen
It la stcck send 60c In ttamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured bv
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo. who
aleo manufacture the celebrated cold cure
W.ratlvc Bromo-Quinine Tablets. '
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
- SACRAMENTO. Jan.'" 17.— John R. Dyer, a'
well-known; farmer -near Rosevllle,- ! ¦" Placer
County, was robbed i last evening I by. two foot
pads at Twelfth and ¦ F streets. The robbers
got a silver watch and "chain and ?lo in
silver. ¦ --¦ . ... ......
Four Hundred .Miners^ Strike.
PHOENIX, Jan. 17.^-It : is reported from
Bisbee that" 400 miners at Cananea have
struck. New. shift bosses discharged a
number of menand the miners demanded
their reinstatement and the discharge of
the bosses. The demand >was ignored and
the men walked out. • -
university, so that by a conveyance to
the : present board some rather - complex
questions could at once be simplified.
WASHINQTONV/Jan. ' 17.— A committee
representing < the Charleston -Exposition
authorities yesterday^ called on, the Presi
dent and to-day had ; an' 'extended
ference with Secretary , Gortelyou \ regard?
? ing the arrangements for,' the ; President's
trip to the Charleston Exposition.' -It -is
understood that the President' and party
probably will leave Washington; so' as to
•j^cn Charleston afternoon* or
"^ening, February -ll. A * programme for
tno following day is to be prepared by the
Charleston committee and submitted in
a few,; days >to Secretary • Corte!you. *
-The President, returning, trill leave
Charleston late In the evening of the 12th
or thejmorning of tLe 13th. The trip, will
With' a Small Party Roosevelt Is ' to
Go' to the Southern :
•? city:
. * * * *¦'*¦ i t t")"i.f.|..i.. v .i..;.. r ;..;";»W'W l i"l
FBESIDENT WILL' VISIT ; \
CHARLESTON EXPOSITION
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 17.-The Czar
has decorated Franklin Gaylord with tho
order of St. Anne of the third class Gav
lo rd . *-^ (rho , ls an American, Is secretary of
the Russian Society for the Moral land
Physical Development of Young Men It
Czar Decorates an American.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 17—TJie Sen
ate to-day unanimously concurred In thp
House resolution asking: Congress to pro
?tce for the election of United States Sen
?i«°.T 5 ,£?«fl lr ? Ct te - The House resolu
tion petitioning Congress to remove the
revenue tax on tobacco and criticizing
the tobacco trust was passed by a party
vote. The Republicans voted In the nega
tive on that part criticizing the trust
Senators by a Direct Vote.
PORTLAND. Jan. 17.— James F. Wade,
who, with "William H. Dalton, is under
sentence of death for the killing of James
B. Morrow on November 17 last, to-day
confessed that he fired the shot that
killed Morrow. Wade and Dalton held
up Morrow on the street at midnight and
demanded his money. Morrow started to
put hla hand Into his pocket, when Wad*
fired the fatal shot.
Murderer Wade Confesses.
Continued . From Page i One.
threatened suspension or removal of this plain
tiff is an irreparable Injury to the plaintiff as
the aggrieved party, and is a contempt of the
authority of the general law of the State of
California Rnd an unlawful encroachment upon
the judicial tribunals of the State. of Califor
nia; that the said wrongful acts. of defendant
are in violation of the < fifth, sixth and four
teenth amendments of the constitution of the
United States and also In violation of the con
stitution of the State of California, wherein,
among other things, it is provided that no per
son shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process, or denied the equal pro
tection of the laws. •-¦',"¦'.
That plaintiff has no plain, speedy or ade
quate remedy at law, and the relief" herein
sought is to prevent the said defendant as sucli
Mayor from action without and In excess t>f
jurisdiction. . :• .
COURT'S RESTRA1KING ftRM.
Wherefore, the law and the premises consid
ered, plaintiff prays that an alternative writ of
prohibition Issue out of and under the seal of
this honorable court, directed to the said de
fendant ae Mayor of the city and county'of San
Francisco, commanding- him to desist and-re
frain from suspending- or removing or attempt
ing to suspend or remove this plaintiff as such
County Clerk of said city and county of San
Francisco, or from the of flee of County Clerk
of said city and county of San Francisco; and
that said defendant as such Mayor, '. as afore
said, show cause before i this court at a | time
and place to be in said order specified. why said
defendant as such Mayor should' not j be abso
lutely restrained and prohibited /from suspend
ing or removing said plaintiff as Cotintv Clerk
of said city and county of San Fran' '-<-n or
from Eaid office of County Clerk of: said city
and count ;\ •¦¦-..
"is to my mind conclusive. I had so de
cided last night after going over the tes
timony carefully. - But Mr. Riordan had
asked me that I give him due notice be
fore I took any action against his client.
Trusting, to his honor, I took it-for. graiit
erl that such a request meant that, he dUl
not intend to try meanwhile to checkmate
the exercise* of the power which the char
ter places in the hands of the Mayor, j
Intended to Oust Accused.
.Silti was my intention to notify Ma
nony and his attorney this afternoon that
my decision was that he was guilty and
to declare him suspended from office. I
would then have appointed an acting
County Clerk and . placed him in posses
sion of the office.
"However, had Mr. Riordan not broken
faith with me my ., notice would have
given them opportunity to Invoke the aid
of the courts to prevent Mr. Mahony
being ousted * from possession of the
County Clerk's office. So the situation
would have been practically the same.
She question must be decided in court.
I am convinced that the -charter gives me
power to suspend an elected officer for
ca V.^ e ' a 1 d x believe Mahony to have been
guilty of acts that make his removal
from office. imperative.
''These politicians are a hard lot to deal
with, but I think I was justified inex-
p £ c *' n S the same good faith on the part
of Mr. Riordan that would have been-de
manded of him in court."
M A YOU T «*1I,L OPPOSE
iCAHOOTT'S CONTENTIONS
A. Ruef Discusses the Legal Ques-
tions Involved in the County
Clerk's Complaint.
A. Ruef, attorney for .Mayor Schmitz,
said last night: .
"Mayor Schmitz .will undoubtedly re
spect the v order of the court. Under'the
be made direct to Charleston and return,
as the President's official duties will pre
vent \ his • being ( away from - Washington
for a longer period than that allotted for
this trip. ,-,The " personnel of -"the ; party
probably will be: .The /.President, • Mrs.
Roosevelt, Miss Roosevelt, Miss Carew.
A. K. Grade and four or five members of
the Cabinet. It also is possible some of
the ladies of the Cabinet may be of the
party. -¦:.--...- . :
provisions of the charter he could have]
suspended the County. Clerk without a
hearing, a hearing being necessary only ;
for purposes of removal. Such a hearing
is held by the Board of ¦ Supervisors.
"In suspending elected officers the
Mayor does not act in a judicial capacity.
The,, writ of prohibition by - which thfe
County Clerk seeks protection runs only
against officers exercising judicial powers,
and only when they exceed their Juris
diction. The writ of prohibition is asked
for on the ground that a municipal officer
cannot interfere -with- the tenure of a
county officer, and also on the ground
that If the County Clerk committed a fel
ony his offense occurred before he' took
office and that therefore he cannot be
interfered with in possession of his office
by the Mayor's power.
"It will be maintained on the part of
the Mayor that both of these contentions
are unsound; not that the Mayor has any
interest in the controversy, but he will
not shirk the performance of his duty and
he. does not want to be unwarrantly inter
fered With in the discharge of the func
tions of his office. It is his duty to main
tain the charter and all of its provisions,
especially those sections which in the in
terest of the public good give him super
vision over the actions and conduct of
other officials of the municipality. As I
understand the Mayor's position he would
have willingly absolved himself from the
disagreeable duty of considering the grave
charges made agaibst the County Clerk.
But being compelled to proceed in justice
to the people of the municipality who
elected him to office Mayor Schmitz pro
poses to do his full duty to the end. what
ever may be his conclusions after careful
deliberation. , Therefore he will maintain
that under section 8^4 of article II of the
constitution of the State and under . the
provisions of the charter the people of
both the. State and city have vested ' in
him the power to suspend for cause any
officer of the city ¦who draws his salary
from the city and county of San Francisco
and exercises his powers entirely within
the city, whether he be county -officer or
not. : : ¦ . -.
"And parenthetically it may be suggest
ed that If the County Clerk is purelv a'
county officer he should not be performing
such strictly municipal duties as clerk of
the Police Court. ¦ To be consistent with
his contention that he. is' not a municipal
officer, he should decline to appoint depu
ties to serve as deputy, clerks of the-po
lice Courts.: '
"On: the second point, .that concedln.se
the Mayor's Jurisdiction 1^ suspend county
"The Mayor undoubtedly has the right
and power to act. and it is for him and
him alone to decide whether the charges
are . of sufficient gravity to invoke his
power or his action."
officials said jurisdiction cannot be exer
cised by him for acts committed before
the official's induction Into office, hardly
more than a suggestion is necessary to
brush away this ridiculously absurd con
tention. The argument made in behalf of
the County Clerk would be equally effica
cious If it had been discovered that prior
to his assuming the duties of his office
and while acting in hia former capacity
as Deputy County Clerk he had appro
priated to use public money coming Ir.to
his hands as such an officer. His election
as County Clerk would certainly not have
condoned such a crime. No more woulcl
his election ate County Clerk condone any
other felony, even such a felony as the
one charged against him. I do not wish
to be understood to be making any com
ments concerning the County Clerk's cul
pability or Innocence, ror that is not with
in my province or desire. My whole atten
tion in this matter is directed to the legal
aspect of the situation, and as to that
my opinion is unequivocal.
"If the position maintained by the
County Clerk were to be sustained by «*ny
court_the result might be disastrous to
the welfare of the city, /or It would follow
as a matter of. logical conclusion that if
the County Clerk from day to day wera
to falsify records or be guilty of other
acts of corruption , there would be no of
ficial who would have the power to sum
marily remove him.
• '. :-¦¦¦ :: ::- : j '¦'¦„¦¦¦'. ¦¦:•¦¦•-..¦•» . -'.-- v.. •:-'.
THOMAS D. RIORDAN, ATTORNEY FOR THE DISCREDITED COUNTY
• CLERK, PUTS IN A STRENUOUS NIGHT AND EARLY MORNING AND
• "SURPRISES" THE MAYOR, TO GREAT DELIGHT OF THE "PUSH."
SAN JOSE, Jan. |7.— A deed was placed
en record here to-day In which Jane L.
Stanford conveys to the board of trustees
of Leland Stanford University from
$10,000,000 to $12,000,000 worth of real estate
in California. This deed carries with . it
the land heretofore conveyed to the trus
tees by' -Leland Stanford, her husband,
and herself to the trustees in. trust for. the
university forever. The reason assigned
for the new deed is : tnat some question
had arisen ¦ as ¦ to whether the original
deed was in proper form, so the new deed
Ib given to clear away all doubt.* ;•- ,
• Another reason assigned is that there
had been a number of deaths in the board
and laws had been passed affecting - the
Remcves All Doubt as. to Univer
sity's Title to Property Here- -
tof ore Transferred/
MES. STANFORD FILES NEW
DEED , CONVEYING MILLIONS
That the aforesaid premises notwithstanding,
said defendant as such Mayor as aforesaid'
wrongfully and unlawfully, without any right
or any Jurisdiction, in excess of Jurisdiction
and without any warrant or authority of .law
is about to proceed in said matter of said com
plaint against said defendant, over which said
defendant as euch Mayor rightfully possesses
no Jurisdiction, and as plaintiff is Informed and
believes, and upon such Information and belief
avers, is about to and threatens that he will
suspend or remove this plaintiff from said office
of County Clerk as aforesaid; and that said
Constitutional Eights Invoked.
That the -. sole matter, question, charge or
controversy pending be aforesaid between said
defendant as such Mayor and upon which said
defendant as " such Mayor arbitrarily assumed
and . pretends to have the power to suspend
or remove .this plaintiff from his Bald office
of County Clerk, and as such County Clerk
of eaid city and county. Is said pretended
charge against this plaintiff hereinbefore men
tioned, and no other.
That any action to deprive this plaintiff of
the office of County Clerk, of which he is the
Incumbent, for any offense alleged to have been
committed by him and mentioned in said act
known as the purity of elections law (being an
act to promote the purity at elections by regu
lating the conduct thereof, approved February
23. 1893), can only be had and taken by a spe
cial proceeding pursuant to the terms and pro
visions of said act. and especially section 14
thereof, and not otherwise; that- no action or
proceeding of any kind or matter has been
had or taken or is pending against this de
fendant in any court of this State or at all
That plaintiff is informed and believes, and
upon such Information and belief avers, that
said defendant as such Mayor as aforesaid,
without any Jurisdiction or authority of law,
and without warrant of law, unlawfully, il
legally and In excess of Jurisdiction and in
unwarrantable assumption of arbitrary color
of authority, threatens to, and unless prohib
ited by this honorable court will, suspend or
remove_thls plaintiff from his said office of
Count^-fl«tk of said city and county, and it
aboutjtp~»!woceed to suspend or remove this
plaintiff as * such County Clerk of said city
end county. In excess of his lawful Jurisdiction;
and: that 6«ch - suspension or removal will re
sult in an injury to this plaintiff for which
there -is no other remedy than a writ of pro
hlbitloh«:prevent the suspension or removal
of this^^iintlff from his office of County
Clerk ofTiald city and county.
Fears Action by Mayor.
Following are the essential portions of
Mahony's complaint:
Plaintiff avers: . ¦
That this plaintiff has not been found guilty
of malfeasance or misfeasance in office, and
has not done or committed any act in violation
of any law of the United States, .or any law
of the State of California, or any' law or or
dinance of said city and county of San Fran
cisco, or committed any public offense known
to the law; and plaintiff has not committed any
official or any defalcation or willful neglect of
his duty as such County Clerk, or any official
misconduct and no official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty, or official misconduct by
or on the part of this plaintiff as such County
Clerk, or at all has come to the knowledge of
said defendant as said Mayor of said city and
county, or otherwise or at all. /
That within three days last past, at said
city and county of San Francisco, the said
Mayor, without authority of law, and without
any Jurisdiction so to do, and in excess of
Jurisdiction, has wrongfully and unlawfully
entertained and proceeded to hear an alleged
cause of complaint against this defendant for
an alleged violation of what is known as the
purity of elections law, alleged to have been
committed by this plaintiff at a time anterior
to the date of his nomination by the nom
inating convention of the Republican party yi
the city and county of San Francisco for the
office of County Cterk of said city and County;
that for the purpose of entertaining and hear
ing :aid complaint, the said defendant as such
Mayor has wrongfully and unlawfully assumed
the Jurisdiction and right to subpena wit
nesses and take testimony, and hay in fact sub
penaed witnesses and taken testimony, and said
defendant as such Mayor as aforesaid, with
out any Jurisdiction so to do, and in exeets
of Jurisdiction, .wrongfully and unlawfully has
submitted the matter of said complaint al
leged against this plaintiff to himself for de
cision, although, as hereinbefore stated, . the
said defendant as such Mayor is absolutely
devoid of Jurisdiction to. entertain or hear said
pretended complaint against said plaintiff, or
to act thereon.
Attorney Riordan had his order and so
proceeded in a more sedate fashion.
Ushered into the presence of Mayor
Schmitz the attorney said:
"Good morning. Mayor. I have a little
surprise for you— a wjlt of prohibition re
straining you from further acticfi against
the Countv Clerk."
"Well, I have a little surprise for you,"
replied the Mayor. "Anticipating your
bad faith in this matter I have already
reached a decision and have suspended
County Clerk Mahony."
It was the attorney's turn to be aston
ished and for a time he thought his game
was up. But by inquiry he learned that
notice of Mahony's suspension had not
been placed on record, and from a state
bordering on hysteria Riordan settled
down Into the calm frame of mind of the
politician-lawyer who feels that sharp
practice has given him an advantage over
an opponent. |
Mayor's Authority Denied.
' Continued From Page One.
TvXTTnUTlVM COMMITTEE ACTS.
Resolutions Adopted as to Opening
'and Closing of the Fair.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 17.— The following reso
lutions were unanimously passed at a
meeting of the executive committee of
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Com
pany this evening, to set at rest state
ments coming' from "Washington to the
effect that the "World's Fair might have
to be postponed from 1903 until 1904:
"Whereas. The . public press has agi
tated the question of postponement of
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, be It
"Resolved. That under the act of Con
gress and under every plan of the board
of directors and executive committee, the
exposition will open and close In the year
1903." .
The bill will promote the of new
vessels of large carrying capacity which pro
mote export trade at low freight rates. Com
bined with our geographical position It give,
ppecial advantages to American vessels in the
Pacific trade. Based on actual navigation of
¦^TTir*" 1 vess *'E *n foreign trade In 1SO0 the
pubsidies proposed would amount to $1 072 (KlO
divided as follows: Steam (excluding mail
vessels). $559,000; call. $513,000: geogranhical-
l y 7:^if nUc oc * an ' **«.<*>0: Pacific ocean
*i£?™ : sq £ a T?- rI ** ed . Ehlps on botl » oceans.
$161,000. Full compliance with all reauire
ments of the bill would fix the Initial expendi
ture at between $SOO,000 and $900,000?
Under the general subsidy Increase In ex
penditure depends on increase In shipbuilding
The completion of 200,000 tons of ocean sfam
«rs for foreign trade in one year Invnirinc
States In advance of Germany as a shipbuilding
nation. The deep-sea fisheries bounty ( s to
encourage an industry which from the battle
? f V?^^ 00 t(> the battle of Santiago has
lurnlshed more men proportionately for the
51£S^ 2£ enee than any other American In!
J^M?i/w»^%5?t nuaI "P^ndtture , B estimated
at- $1.5,000. This amount offsets $100,000 nald
to promote the fisheries by Canada, which use*
™ th^ l v rp ?u e i h * anrual Interest on $5,500 -
000 paid by the United States to Canada under
the Halifax award In 1K7R. For eev-ntv years
the United States paid bounties to deep-sea
fishermen. The President of the UnitedState^
has general supervision of regulations to en
force the act.
Americans have absolute free trade in for
eign-going ships, so no shipbuilders' trust Is
possible under the bill. Shipbuilders can im
port now free of duty materials for ships for
foreign trade, so no man can raise prices of
materials. If any American Ehipowner will
build his vessel in the United States, employ
ing home labor, employing American officers
end crews, performing certain services for the
American Government and using the vessel to
promote American commerce, he will be naid
a subsidy sufficient to put him on an equality
with the foreign shipowner, employing foreign
labor and serving a foreign government.
The average cost of building iron steamers
mainly for cargo is $100 per ton in the United
States and $76 in Great Britain. Average
monthly wages on ocean steamers mainly for
cargo are: American, S36; British. $26- Ger
man and Scandinavian. $17. The general sub
sidies proposed equalize American and foreign
costs on these bases.
Advantages to Americans.
The second part of the report deals with
the general subsidy to all American vessels,
steam and sail, except mall eteamers. It
quotes President Roosevelt's message, show
ing that the cost of building American ships
is greater than the cost of building ships
abroad: mat American wages on shipboard are
higher, and that the House should remedy
these inequalities Discriminating duties, ex
port bounties and subsidies based on export
cargoes are in violation of our international
obligations, bo direct subsidies, it says is the
only practical method. The subsidy p'roposed
is not a naked bounty, for It is based on pub
lic services to be rendered.
Subsidy on Vessels.
The report compares in detail the American
services proposed with British service, and
asserts that the bill will revolutionise In Amer
ican favor, as against the Suez route, the
¦world's ocean mail connections with China and
Japan and will affect Australian connections
It will give the United States twenty-four
auxiliary mail cruisers, compared with Great
Britain's fifty.
The establishment of this complete American
ocean mail service, involving- much shipbuild
ing, will require several years. It ¦will render
the United States as Independent of foreign
powers for its ocean mail service as is Great
Britain. The cost of the American service by
American mail steamers will be $4,700,000; the
cost of British and colonial service by British
steamers is $4,700,000. Receipts from ocean
postage by the United States are now esti
mated at $3,000,000. The annual deficit under
the American system proposed. Including minor
cervices, •will be about $2,000,000. The annual
deficit under the British colonial system is
S2.1SS.O00.
The postal subsidy provisions enable the
Postmaster General to establish an American
ocean mail system superior to the systems of
Great Britain, France and Germany. The
American ocean mall system outlined con
template* on the Pacific weekly mail services
to Hawaii, to Philippine Islands. Japan, China
and Hongkong and a fortnightly service to
Pago-Pago. New* Zealand and Australia. The
maximum cost would be $2,335,000. --
On the Atlantic the bill contemplates semi
weekly mall services to Jamaica, Havana and
Europe, weekly to Mexico, once in ten days
to Venezuela and fortnightly to Brazil at a
maximum cost of $2,305,000.
Summary of the Bill.
The report prepared by Sr-nntor Frjrc
was read to the committee. It says that
the purpose of the bill is to establish the
maritime supremacy of the United States
in trade with Asia, and In the Gulf of
Mexico and the Caribbean Sea; to estab
lish thoroughly trade between the United
States and South American republics,
and to give the United States a respecta
ble representation on the North Atlantic.
The claim is made that all those results
will be accomplished within ten years.
The report also asserts that the bill
•will fo extend shipbuilding as to trans
fer in time from abroad to the United
Stales the center of that industry, as the
centers of other industries recently have
been transferred, and also that it "will
give to the United-States a measure of
maritime independence corresponding to
cur industrial and agricultural indepen
dence. Senator Frye furnished to the
press the following summary of the re
port:
The committee made several amend
ments to the bill. The most important
v.ere: Allowing mail-carrying vessels un
der the bill to be cither iron or steel.
instead of fcteel only, as originally pro
vided, and reducing to 1000 gross regis
tered tons the vessels receiving a bounty
under the bill.
Tlio Dcn?ocratic members of the com
mittee voted against reporting the bill.
They also voted solidly for a motion of
fered by Senator Mallory to strike out
the ..general subsidy provision of the bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day author
ized a favoreble report on Senator Frye's
ship LubFidy bill. The report will be made
fcy Senator Frye.
Statement Issued Tells of the Inten
tion to Establish Quickly the
Maritime Supremacy of
the United States.
mdments Made Regard
ing the Character of
Vessels.
Senator Frye Is Dele
gated to Report the
Measure.
The White Pass and Yukon Railroad Is
blockaded and passengers have to be
transferred across a big snow slide whicn
covers the track to a depth of eight feet.
Another tragedy is reported on Atlin
Lake. Durinsr a heavy snow storm on
December 26, Barney Wilkins, with three
dogs and a sled, left Taku City, follow
ing the royal mail teams. Nothing has
been heard of him since and the authori
ties believe that his dog team plunged
into an air hole, taking the sled and its
occupant with them.
Circle City, once the leading mining
camp In the north, Is now deserted, ex
cept by storekeepers, all having stam
peded to Good Pasture Creek, In the Ta
nana country, where rich gravel has been
discovered.
PORT TOWNSEND, "Wash., Jan. 17.—
The steamer Dirigro arrived from Skagway
to-day, bringing fifty passengers, some of
whom were from the Klondike. They re
port that conslderablekexcltement prevails
at Dawson over the striking of a second
bedrock on El Dorado Creek, thirty feet
beneath the first. The gravel yielded from
Jl to |5 to the pan.
Lies Thirty Feet Below the
First-Pound Stratum of
"Pay-Dirt."
Second Bedrock Is Dis
covered on Eldorado
Creek.
COMMIITTEE
WILL FAVOR
SUBSIDY BILL
GOLDEN GRAVEL
DEEP IN EARTH
MAYOR SCHMITZ BELIEVES MAH0NY GUILTY
BUT IS RESTRAINED FROM SUSPENDING HIM
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1902.
County Qerk Takes Shel
ter Behind Court's
. Restraining
Order,
2
Stops the m Cough
And works oft the cold. > Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure ¦ a cold : in one day. No
Cure, Ko Pay:: Price 25 cents. - -,'".'•.¦
ADVEKTIS.EMENTS
Dragged*Down
Feeling
In the loins. - , . '
Nervousness, unref reshing sleep, despon- :
dency. B£B
It is time you were doing something.
The fcidn&ys .were anciently called the
reins — In your case they are holding the
reins and driving 700. into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Acts with the most direct, beneficial eflect
on the kidneys. - It contains the best and
safest substances lor correcting and toning
these organs.
/^gN DR. MEYERS & CO,
/W<C3&®J \ Established 1S8L Coa-
I V«u^^ M I • u ' l *i*on and prlvata boa*
I tHl jSStL : l UM ll offlce or by ""ffl.
\ '£&&$? I * ;ures C uar ante*d,
\431ifc/ 731 MARKET ST.
y>S bAN FRANCISCO, CAI*
f ENRYROYAl PILLS
K Original and Only Beanlae.
"~^7%Wl&ATE. *l*»r« reliable. I,fH»«» ukDraxf.*
& «=^*S>5\ la KE1> «¦» Sold »xt»ai« m£x« «»£3
S£W« S th ""'• rtbboB - T-kei. .char. r£&£
I / ~ flT *!•¦•. Baj of jo»r Oni^ist. or teal 4t. l 9
rg^^DEWEY > STR0N5 &C(L^Sw
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Dialled
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON
J-CWlLSON&Cfr, »aagjte-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS. BOYES & CO Sg^Warrig
" ~ OILS. ~" ~~
LUBRICATESO OILS. LEONARD * EXXXS.
418 Front at., S. F. Phone Main 1719~
PRINTING. "
E- C- HUGHES «* printer.
if V ilUUULJ. an Sansom* St., 3. T.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
23 First street. San Francisco.
Dr. Ramsdell In commenting on catarrh cures
says: "I can heartily recommend Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, because they contain no co-
caine nor other dangerous drug found In so
many advertised catarrh cures. I have known
of many cases of long standing catarrh of the
head and throat completely cured by tie dally
use of these tablets for several weeks. One
case In particular, which I could not reach
with an inhaler or spray and where the catarrh
caused daily headaches and a noticeable loss of
bearing, was entirely cured by this hsirmlesa
but effective remedy."
Dr. Walnwright says: "I never hesitate to
prescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for catarrhal
headaches and catarrhal deafness becaas«l
know them to be perfectly safe for child or
adult and have seen many remarkable cures
resulting from their regular daily use; because
they are advertised and sold in drug stores
is no reason why any good physician should not
usa them, because we should seize upon t£«
means of cure wherever found." °
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets ara especially rain
able for catarrhal colds In children because
they are pleasant to the taste and may be usert
freely to break up severe colds and ctoud «t
the very beginning. " ac
All druggists sell the remedy at fifty e«n»«
for full sized package. . " ly ceat »
A little book on cause and cure of catarrh
¦ mailed free by addressing the F. A. 8tuartS.
Marshall. Mich. w *~°"
for fun sized treatment, ls the safest, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh remedies.
Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and throat
lozenges contain opiates; these cheap medicines
give a temporary relief, especially with little
children, by destroying nerve sensation; the Ita
ritation In throat, which causes coughing, ts
temporarily removed, not by removing the
cause, bat by deadening the serves of feeling.
The irritation ls not felt, although it la still
there and .will promptly return.
Stuart's "Catarrh Tablets is the best remedy
to remove catarrhal secretion, whether In the
nose, throat or stomach, because they are com-
posed of wholesome antiseptics Like Red Gum.
Blood Root; etc.; when you use these tablets
you know what you are putting into your «ys- '
tem. and not taking chances with cocaine,,
opiates or similar poisons found In so many
catarrh cures and cough medicines. .
People who have used sprays. Inhalers, salves
and washes for catarrh and have found how
useless and inconvenient they are, will be
agreeably surprised at results following the
nse of a pleasant Internal remedy in tablet
form; druggists everywhere admit tnat Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, which they sell at 60 cents
A Simple Internal Reined; Makes
Remarkable Cures of Catarrh.
Surprising Results.
ADVERTISEMENTS.ALLEGED PARTICIPANT IN LOOK
OUT LYNCHING AND SCENE' OP
THE TRAGEDY.'- ,
¦ ¦•-••••¦¦••/ ••'--•'-
SOUTH BEND, Wash., Jan. 17.— Lum
Tou, the Chinese who was sentenced to
be hanged January 31 for the murder of
Oscar Bloom, and who escaped from jail
last Tuesday, was recaptured this morn
ing by a posse in. the woods about one
mile .from this city. When found the
Chinese made little resistance and begged
to be shot, though when he was shown
a revolver he begged the men not to
shoot. He told his captors that he slipped
out of the Jail, door when the jailer
brought him his dinner. There was a re
ward of $200 for his capture.
Chinese Objects to Bullets.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 17.— During a fight
that occurred to-day at Barenchl's dairy,
near Mark West Springs, Angelo Tamba
-was badly cut and in all probability
fatally wounded by Ghiranda Bernardino,
a fellow employe. Bernardino was late in
rising and was taken to task by Tamba.
An encounter was the result. Tamba Is
much the larger of the two and, accord
ing to the statements of -witnesses, had
his opponent down when the cutting oc
curred. One of the wounds is across the
back and the most serious is a gash
across the stomach. Tamba Is in a san
itarium in this city and Bernardino is in
Jail, having given himself up to the
Sheriff. ' : ;*vfo
Cutting Affray Near Hark "West.
Balke's brothers went to Cape Town a
number of years ago and made their
money in mining and speculation. When
the war broke out they turned all their
realizable property into cash and enlisted
in the British service. Both were trained
soldiers and had officers' commissions.
They met death and their property is
awaiting the disposition of the remaining
brother, now in Vancouver, and an aged
father. ,
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 17.— News
that he had been bequeathed between
$700,000 and $1,000,000 greeted Charles J.
Balke, a - Klondike cattle-dealer, on his
arrival here from the north to-day. The
money is left by his two brothers, both
of whom were recently killed in the Boer
war.
of British Officers Slain, by
% • the Boers.
Klondike Cattle-Dealer Gets Estate
INHERITS A MTLI«ION
FROM TWO BROTHERS
— — — TZg — ; — — •*¦
Spencer— It is a contemptible practice on the
part of the prosecution. .
j Raker — We want to show that he was black
balled, and prejudiced for that reason.
. The court — I'll blackball you, Mr. Raker, by
putting you with G. F. Harris. Now, shut up,
or we'll take a recess.
Raker, smiled and the court said:
That sardonic smile on your face is a smile
of falsehood. • ,
Raker, -angrily — Tell • me that out on the
street, ,'Judse. ¦ ' .;
•: The court — You ¦ make ¦ an attack on me and
It will be the last you '-ever will make. I'll
put you In jail. Mr. Sheriff, take that man
out. ' .._--• - •: - '
Baker— I am behaving like a gentleman, t
Spencer— Raker is unarmed. I will not let
him hurt you. i .
*• The 'court— I 'don't carry a weapon either. ,
' Bitter : words traveled back and forth
.for ¦ some minutes and the Judge finally
ordered a 1 recess.
VANCOUVER, B.C., Jan. 17.-Permis
sion from the Canadian Government has
been granted to the Canadian-Australian
line of steamers to call at Suva. Fiji Isl
ands. The consent of the Canadian Gov
oTJl. m nH«n *J ?£ be °, bt ained, owing to the
alteration of the sailing schedule, as < the
steamship company is subsidized to carry
Canadian mails. It is likely that a call
will be made also at either Auckland or
Dunedin. N. Z. The calling of the steam
ers at Suva will Involve an addition to the
route of 265 miles. The new steamers be
ing built for ¦ the line are expected; to
coyer the additional route without length
ening the present time schedule. * ¦
liners to Touch at Suva.
LUDDINGTON. Mich., Jan. 17.— The
Pere Marquette Railway Company's
steamer No. 3 struck 'the bar . at the
mouth of the harbor early to-day while
attempting to enter in a high southwest
gale and was scuttled In nine feet of
water. The nine passengers and the crew
of thirty-five were taken off the wrecked
craft by the life-saving crew with their
breeches buoy apparatus. The No. 3 lies
150 feet from the end of I the north pier
and 200 feet from the shore, with great
waves dashing over her decks. ¦ She is
already a mass of ice. , •
The accident occurred before daylight.
Passengers and crew were rudely awak
ened by. the succession of shocks as the
steamer pounded on the bar. Signals of
distress were immediately blown and the
life-saving crew quickly responded. Run
ning their mortar out on the pier, the
life-savers sent a line to the wreck. A
heavier rope was then hauled aboard, and
when daybreak came there was a line
200 feet long stretched from the pier "to
the No. 3 and the breeches buoy appa
ratus was ready for use. Over this line
the nine passengers, four of whom were
women and the crew were safely taken
In the breeches buoy in two hours. It
was a thrilling rescue. As the people
were drawn along the rope the great
%?Z e l b « T °£ e .u OV ? r them and aH were
rtve n d C on d the" SeM V*R S^W
Wreck of a Railway Com
pany's Steamer.
rorty-Four Persons Taken From, a
PASSENGERS ABE SAVED
BY A BREECHES BUOY
'VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 17.— The United
States etearaer Grant left this afternoon for
the west coa*t of Vancouver Island to investi
rate the reports of wreckage on the Island
thorns.
, "Mr. Raker, I am -physically, unable to
stand you for more than six weeks at a
time. The court must-protect itself."
During the examination of the witness
the prosecution, entered many objections
and on several occasions Raker interject
ed remarks . disagreeable to the opposing
counsel. Just before the adjournment of
the morning session Raker made his oft
repeated | claim , that the prosecution was
"educating" the witness." Attorney Boyd
for the prosecution, remarked:
"Another dose from that sewer." : .
Boyd's remark brought a strong protest
from. the defense. Raker calling the at
tention of the court to the unprofessional
and ungentlemanly words of , Boyd. The
court replied that he. did not hear the
remark . and Raker said that the court
always managed to hear his remarks, but
paid . no. attention to ¦' the objectionable
remark of the prosecution. Tht= court re
plied that he' "wished to God that he
could not hear half Raker said."' Raker
arose, asking permission to make a state
ment, but the , court cut him off , saving •
"I came into , court this morning" and
asked for peace and quiet, and in 1 the
name •' of common '. decency- and. • jjroDrlety
. ' As soon as court opened this morning
Judge Harrington expressed the hope that
the trial would proceed in a more amica
ble manner than in. the past The Judge
said that thirty-seven court days have
passed since the impaneling of the Jury
and thirty-four .days had already been
taken up In cross examination.
Attorney. Spencer was . evidently a sick
man and Raker asked to be permitted to
take up the examination of the witness
Judge Harrington denied the application
saying: . ¦ • - - "
Court Makes Vain Appeal.
Attorney Harris for the defense became
obstreperous and boisterous in his .re
marks and the court ordered him im
prisoned for six hours. Harris left the
court room in charge of the Sheriff, curs
ing Judge Harrington as he went , -xi&
i Llnnville was \ called and explained the
innocence of his remark and was excused
after being reprimanded by the court.
Then Attorney Boyd, for the prosecu
tion, arose and asked the court to grant
Miss Neill, official • reporter of Lassen
County, and a witness In. the trial, per
mission to go to Susanville to report an
important case there. The defense made
strong objections, claiming that J Miss
Neill would be wanted to appear as a wit
ness. The court ruled that' Miss .. Neill
would be allowed to leave Alturas, subject
to call at any time.' ; .
Sturtevant of the prosecution heard the
remark, but <Ud not catch the name. -On
the assembling of the court he asked that
the Jury be . excused and that Sheriff
Street be sworn. When this had been
done the Sheriff said that a man named
Llnnville had passed the remark. Strenu
ous objections . to tho proceedings were
made by the , defense. On the name of
Splicer being mentioned Sturtevant .saw
the uselessness of his complaint and
asked that the trial go on, but Raker ob
jected, saying:
"We don't want any monkey business.
Let us hear Linnville.".
counsel for the defense, being
sent to Jail for drunkenness and disorder
ly: conduct. Later in the day a serious
row occurred as a result of a remark by
Judge Harrington, who said that the
smile on Raker's face was a smile of false
hood. Raker declared that the Judge
would not dare tell him that outside of
the court room. The court ordered the
Sheriff to take charge of Raker, but the
excitement continued and Sheriff Street
overlooked the order. Judge Harrington
was extremely angry and told Raker that
if he made .another attack upon him it
would be his last.
During the noon recess a spectator ad
dressed Juror Mulkey, saying:
"I don't care what you do if you don't
hang Bert Splicer" (another Juror).
ALTURAS, Jan. 17.— Clashes ' were
frequent to-day in the trial of
James W. Brown, one dispute
resulting- in Judge Harris, of
"Is there , a Foresters' Lodge— a : secret
order — at Lookout, and were you a mem
ber, of that lodge ?'„' ¦ asked Spencer
Objection sustained.
"Was Robert Leventon an officer of that
lodge when . you were a member?','
Objection sustained. < -•
.: " Raker— We desire to show the animus of the
witness against Leventon and others and where
he got his miserable hate of those men.
The' court-M3i>Jectlons .were • sustained,
a Spencer— Were you turned out of that lodge?
' Objection sustained. ,- . ¦ • - ... , "
¦'¦ Spencer— May - 1 : not show - that the . witness
was rrejudlced for being • kicked out 'of 'that
lodge?.- i ¦.-¦¦'•.;.¦:•¦•¦¦. ¦ -.. . . .
-•«! The ' court— Objection ! sustained; Mr. Spen
cer, f ¦¦"•..¦.. ¦ ¦ . • ¦- •¦ . ¦ . - .¦ ¦
Spencer-^-Then ' if the court rules, we cannot
show the animus i of this man.' Were i you ' not
expelled because you . disclosed a scret of : the
order? " ' • . • '•'. '•¦'¦ .
>. Objection sustained. ¦: ¦¦'¦ .¦¦ .
<- Spencer— Are you • prejudiced against : Brown
the defendant, and Bob Leventon on account of
being .'expelled 'from; the lodge? •¦•
i iJThe . court— Strike that out.
> Sturtevant— Iaskthat the Jury b« diamlsied
durlxwc this mudsUnguf. .
Exchange of Bitter Words.
let. us proceed with this i case.
Spencer took up the cross-examination
of Witness Morris as to the movements
of the lynching party from the time .it
left the schoolhouse until after the lyncn
in«r, when the mob unmasked and sepa
rated. Morris told a story substantially
the same as that related by John Hutton.
but his testimony showed that he- did
not pay as much attention to details on
tne night of the hanging as did Hutton.-
His testimony differed trom. Hutton s in
several unimportant points and he con
tradicted himself on several occasions.
Hutton testified that the wagon spokes
brought for the town party by the coun
try party • were distributed at the school
house, but Morris said that they were
distributed at the hotel Just before the
lynching. Hutton said that the sack
used to conceal the ropes, gags and
spokes was afterward utilized as a mask
by one of the party. -Morris said that the
ropes were carried to the hotel in the
-sack. Morris testified that the lynching
party marched from the schoolhouse to
the hotel in twos. Hutton said that they
walked in no set order. Hutton told the
jury that, he and Morris were the, first to
leave the hotel with the young Wilson
boy, whom they prepared for tne lynch
ing, but Morris said that Frank Hall, ono
of the victims, ' was the first to leave 'the
hotel. Morris testified that. Daniel Yan
tls was the first • man hanged, and that
the men who hanged him assisted Morris
and H utton in hanging . young , \ Wilson.
Later in the day, in 'answer, to 'a question
by Spencer, Morris said that Frank Hall
was the flrst i man hanged. The defense
noticed the contradiction and shortly be
fore adjournment asked Morris if he de
sired to j make any corrections, but tho
prosecution objected and Morris did not
reply.
. Morris testified to one point that Hutton
neglected in his testimony— the fact ; that
after old . man Hall was hanged several
shots were . nred by some one near 'the
hotel and that some of the lynching party
fired shots ¦while on the. bridge. Morris
explained that he did not hear all that
was passing on that night, because a
fever had rendered his hearing faulty.
Spencer questibned Morris as to his tes
timony before the Grand Jury, asking
him- if ¦ he did not mask when testifying
before that body to illustrate a certain
point in his testimony. The prosecution
made a strong objection, asking how the
defense had discovered what Morris had
testified to before the Grand Jury.' Ra
ker replied:.
"We want to impeach the testimony of
this witness, and it's nobody's business
where we I got our information as to his
testimony ' before the Grand Jury. We'
will bring the Grand. Jury before the
court." . " . ' ' . , - ¦
"You call every witness who gets into
this chair a liar,", exclaimed , Judge • Har
rington. "You get more rumors than any
one I ever saw. You are a monomaniac
on impeachment." * ''"''¦ i ¦ ¦ ¦>' '<
; "With exception to the remarks of the
court," retorted Raker. - .
The questioning of the witness as to
his testimony before the Grand Jury re
sulted; in several rows. •,-¦ ¦ ¦
Evidence accumulates that a gross er
ror has occurred in the surveys some
where and that the sporting association's
rnansicn is built a quarter of a mile from
its preverves and on Indian land -which
cannot under the law be acquired by pur
chase. The law is being investigated to
see if a lease is permissible, and it is
probable that Firlotte and his wife will
fare very well financially because of the
nis=take.
REDDING, Jan. 17.— The contention of
Firlotte and Barnes, the men arrested for
trespass by W. W. Van Arsdale, who al
lege as a defense that the magnificent
clubhouse of the McCloud River Associa
tion is on the Indian allotment of Firlotte
and his wife, is taken seriously. In fact,
the trial of the trespassers has been sus
pended. W. H. Casson, Government In
cian Agent, will leave in a few days for
the McCloud with a party of surveyors
to run lines for the allotment.
Stands Upon -Indian Allotment
to Be Investigated.
Claim That Magnificent Clubhouse
McCXOTJD RIVER TRACT
WEL BE RESTTRVEYED
Rear Admiral Evans has been desig
nated as a special attendant upon the
Prince, ¦ besides being in charge of the
naval demonstration. He has arranged to
hn, v e the escorting squadron under his
command meet the North-German Lloyd
steamer Kronprinz at Tompkinsville. at
which point the Princ? will be transferred
to the Hohenzollern. and the n?val pro
cession will steam up the bay. . .
Two plans are under consideration for
the transportation of the party to Shoot
ers Island, where the yacht is building.
One is to have the President meet Prince
Henry at the Battery in New York,
where the party will board a United States
Government vessel and proceed down the
bay to the island, nine miles distant
¦Another is to have the President's car g6
over the Baltimore and Ohio Rairoad as
far as Newark Bay, where it will be
switched on to the long trestle and the
party embarked on one of the shipbuild
ing firm's, boats. The ship yard is only
three-quarters of a mile distant from this
trestle. - . .".
William Wallace Downey, a member of
the firm building Emperor William's
yacht, called at the White House to-day,
and after discussing -with President
Roosevelt the details of the approaching
launching went to the State Department
and talked over the details of the pro
gramme with Assistant Secretary Hill,
Admiral Evans and Admiral Crownin
shield. It was decided that the. launch
shall occur at 10:30 a, m., February 25.
Pressure is being brought to bear by
nearly all the large cities of the coun
try to secure the presence therein of
Prince Henry and the present indications
are that, after the conclusion of, the
launching ceremonies, the Prince will
make a rapid tour through the country,
going as far west, perhaps, as St. Louis.
In case this plan is executed the itinerary
probably will : be arranged to allow the
Prince to see the American cities having
the largest population of Germanic ex
traction.
Rapid Tour of Cities.
It was decided that all arrangements
for Prince Henry's reception shall be con
fided to a special committee, composed of
Dr. David Jayne Hill, representing the
State Department; Major General Henry
C. Corbin, representing the United States
army; Rear Admiral Robley, D. Evans,
representing the navy, and Count A. von
Quadt-Wykradt-Isny, the counselor and
hrst secretary of the German embassy.
Colonel Theodore A. Bingham of the en
gineer corps will assist General Cbrbin in
the execution of; the' details. ; - . v j & ', .:
Some embarrassment in the preparation
of plans is caused .i>y the fact that the
day following Prince Henry's arrival at
JCew York ' will . be Sunday. It •will prob
ably not be deemed well for the Prince
and his party to travel on Sunday— hence
he cannot start for Washington on that
day to pay his visit to President Roose
velt.
When the Prince reaches Washington
he will become the guest of the German
Embassador. According to precedent, it
will be the duty of the Prince to call upon
the President, who will- return the visit.
A. dinner will be given at the White
House in the Prince's honor.
Upon the arrival of Prince Henry in
Kew York he will be met by a squadron
under the command of Rear Admiral
Evans and national salutes of twenty-one
guns will be fired both by the warships
and by the shore batteries. Visits of
courtesy will be made upon the Prince
by the commander of the Department of
the East and the ranking- naval officer at
New York, and Assistant Secretary of
State Hill will also formally welcome the
Prince as the special representative of the
President. . : -.r
Welcome to the Prince.
The Hohenzollern is scheduled to sail
for the United States to-morrow at 9
o'clock. Everybody on board of her is in
readiness for the trip.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The time oj
the Cabinet meeting was largely occupied
in the discussion of the formalities to be
followed upon the occasion of the visit
of Prince Henry of Prussia. It is the de
sire of the President to show the Prince
every honor befitting him as a Prince of
the royal blood and as the personal rep
resentative and kinsman of the . German
Emperor. But at the same time the pro
gramme is to be as simple as possible.-
Precedents in the case of the visits of
the Prince of Wales and the Duke Alexis
of Russia have been carefully looked up
and will be followed where applicable.
The programme as. far as agreed upon is
as follows:'-;. :
BERLIN. Jan. 17.— Baron von Richthofen,
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, will give
a dinner to-morrow to Prince and Prin
cess Henry of Prussia, Andrew D. "White,
United States Embassador to Germany,
and Mrs. White, John B. Jackson, secre
tary of the embassy', and Mrs. Jackson,
and* a number of other distinguished per
sons, in anticipation of Prince Henry's
trip to the United States.- .
Squadron Will Meet the Emperor's
Brother in New York Harbor
and Saluting Cannon .. ;
Will Thunder.
Statements of a Sensational
Character Made at
San Jose.
Cabinet Officials Discuss Re
ception to Prince .....
Henry.
r'.n the life of the late John Julius Martin,
a well known pioneer of this county, was
A filed in the Superior Court to-day by two
daughters by a former marriage.
The papers relate the leaving of hia
home by the old pioneer and the parting
with his family in North Carolina, the
finding of 'wealth in the Golden State, the
forgetting of a wife and family ¦ who
avaited his return and his subsequent
marriage. After a reasonable time Mar
tin's whereabouts was unknown and as
he failed to send any money his wife be
gan action for divorce and was finally
granted a decree of separation. The
property In question Is said to be worth
over $500,000.
The plaintiffs in the suit are Emma R.
Mcore and Susan E. Spragrins, daughters
of the late pioneer, and the defendants
are Arzeiia J. Lewis, Julia F. Hornbeck,
Charles Hornbeck, Georgia A. Johnson,
Martha A. Oldham. A. Philbrook, Susan
M. Philbrook. Mary Tuliy and T\ . R.
Pyle, administrator of the estate of Eliza
beth H. Martin, deceased. It is sought to
recover possession of a tract of y>00 acres
of land near Gilroy and about £f»0 worth
of livestock and farming implements.
In 1S42 John Julius Martin left his wife
and children in North Carolina and start
ed for California, where he arrived in 1S43.
Bhortly after his arrival here it is claimed
he acquired possession of 4000 acres of
land in the San Ysidro ranch, near Gilroy,
•Lnd the plaintiffs aver he acquired this
property with funds earned after his
marriage to Nancy K. Dalton, the mother
of the plaintiffs, in North Carolina in 1833.
In 1553 Mrs. Martin, failing to hear from
>er husband, obtained a divorce on the
ground of desertion. Xo decree of a dlvi-
Flon of the property was made at the
time, as Mrs. Martin did not know where
her husband was and never learned his
•whereabouts during her lifetime. The
daughters declare that it was not until
three years ago that they knew where
their father was. They declare their
father purposely withheld all knowledge
of his whereabouts from his family for
the purpose of defrauding them of the
property.
The complaint states that he held pos
session of the property until his death on
December 26, 1S9L At that time it is
charged that he had 124,000 in money in
the bank, besides the $5000 worth of cattle
and the land. It is further stated that
at the time of hi* death he was living
with Elizabeth H. McPherson, who
claimed to be his wife,- and who took
possession of all the property and claimed
to hold it in trust for the heirs of Mar
tin. Elizabeth H. McPherson, or Mrs.
Martin No. 2. died in December, 1900. It
is alleged that before her death she
fraudulently and in violation of her trust
undertook to distribute the property to
Julia F. Hcrnbeck. Azelia J. Lewis, Mar
tha M. Oldham, Georgia A. Johnson,
Mary Tully and - Susan Philbrook, and
also made a will devising the property to
them.
On December 17, 1900. W. R. Pyle, who
Is also made a defendant, filed a petition
for letters of administration on the es
tate and was granted such letters in Jan
uary, 1901. It is alleged that these pro
ceedings seels to onfy distribute the
money -of the estate. The plaintiffs claim
they are the sole heirs to the -estate of
John Julius Martin and are entitled to the
whole of the real and personal property,
end that the estate of Elizabeth H. Mar
tin had no right to any of it. They ask
that th«? sales of the real property be set
aside and that they be decreed the own
ers of it and all interests of the estate.
George M. Schell of San Francisco Is at
torney for the plaintiffs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jen. 17.— A suit involving
title to 4000 acres of land near Gilroy, and
¦vrhich brings to light interesting details
Kaiser's Yacht Hohen
zollern to Sail This
Morning.
Women Bring Suit to
Recovery Estate of a
Pioneer.
ROYAL FLAG
FLUTTERS FOR
OCEAN TRIP
A meeting was arranged, and Falkenha
gen fired at the ¦ count of "one." ' Von
Bennigsen fell without firing once at his
adversary.
. The Governor's aged father, Rudolph
von Bennigsen, one of the founders of the
National Liberal party, and long noted as
a leader in the Reichstag, arrived on the
field soon after, . accompanied by his sec
ond'son, who is the Governor of German
New Guinea, and bore the wounded man
away.
The affair had reference to. the wife of
Governor, von' Bennigsen/ Several gentle
men of high position in the town of
Springe, having decided at the club that
the Governor ought to be informed of the
gossip concerning his wife, in -which they
considered there was ample grounds for a
duel, presented the matter to Von Ben
nigsen, who challenged Falkenhagen.
BERLIN, Jan. 17.— Fresh material for
the dueling controversy has been afforded
by the Von Bennlgsen-Falkenhagen meet
ing in Emperor William's hunting park at
Springe, near Hanover, In which Bennig
sen, the local Governor of Springe, was
probably fatally wounded by Falkenha
gen, who is a large lessee of crown lands.
cerning Wife of One of
the Participants,
Meeting on the Field of "Honor" Is
the Culmination of Gossip Con-
Victor Takes an Unfair Ad
vantage by Firing at the
Count "One."
The Local Governor of
Springe Shot Down
by Antagonist.
Failure to Support Not
Sufficient Ground
* for Divorce.
Judge York of Los Angeles
"3; Refuses a Decree to Mrs.
Valenzuela.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17.-Judge York
of the Superior Court to-day handed
down a decision in the divorce case of
Ramona Valenzuela against Arnulfa
Valenzuela, denying the application for
legal separation. The decision Is an Im
portant one in that It elaborates more In
detail Judge York's stand upon the ques
tion of obtaining a divorce because of
idleness on the part of the husband and
the consequent burden of support falling:
upon the shoulders of the wife. Last
summer Judge York made certain re
marks on this subject that were . widely
commented upon. The Valenzuela. deci
sion is in part as follows:
This action is prosecuted by the plaintiff on
the ground of willful neglect, by reason of de
fendant's idleness. The testimony of the plain
tiff shows that the defendant, t>y reason of hi*
idleness, has never provided plaintiff with a
home except with his parents and has never
supported her, but that the plaintiff «ver since
the marriage has been a w&geworker, haa
earned sufficient to support herself and has
laid up money for her future wants.
The question presented is: Can & wife Ob
tain a decree of divorce because of the hus
band's failure to support her on account of his
idleness, when she herself is a wageworker and
earning more' than sufficient to support her
self?
The court's sympathy goes out to a wtfa with
an Idle husband. Equally does the court's sym
pathy go out to a man who has an idle wife.
But be she ever so Idle, he cannot obtain from
her a divorce upon that ground. The idle are
the willing victims of profligacy and dissipa
tion. Selfishly does idleness fatten upon tha
fruits of others* labor. Idleness cannot be too
severely condemned. But for Idleness alone,
however much society may condemn it, we can
not divorce the wife from the husband any
' more than we can divorce the husband from
the wife on 'account of it.
In all walks of life woman baa shown her
ability to cope with men. The time has arrived
when we should look suspiciously upon her
claim to support from an idle husband, when
she la healthy and childless and more than his
equal In the battle of life. Heretofore the dis
tinction between Idleness and neglect caused
by Idleness has been the cause of the bringing
of many a groundless divorce suit. The plain
tiff in this case has asked for divorce on no
pther ground than that of willful neglect be
cause of the Idleness of her husband, and there
fore her prayer must be denied.
Plaintiff's attorneys declare they will
carry the case to the Supreme Court.
PAN- AMERICANS AGEEE
CONCERNING ARBITRATION'
Ecuador and Chile Are Induced toV
Adhere to the Hague
Convention.
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 17.— Thd at
mosphere of the Pan-American confer
ence was suddenly cleared this morning
and with the best of feeling 1 prevailing
on all sides, both the plans of compulsory
arbitration and The Hague agreement
passed through the conference. W. I.
Buchanan of the United States delegation
afforded a means whereby, .In spite of
yesterday's discussion, both Ecuador and
Chile might adhere to The Hague conven
tion, proposing that the minutes of the
last two sessions, showing the feeling of
Chile with regard to arbitration, should
form a part (as annexes) of • the protocol
whereby the nations represented at the
conference express their acceptance of
The Hague convention. ,
Now that the arbitration Question has
been disposed of the conference will has
ten the work that is still before it and will
be able \o close its session in a week or
ten days.
The Peruvian delegates express them
selves as in general satisfied with the so
lution of the arbitration difficulty. It is
declared that the Peruvians and their al
lies have won a great diplomatic victory
by obtaining admittance into the confer
ence of their compulsory plan.
Automobiles to Grand Canyon.
FLAGSTAFF Ariz.. Jan. 17,-Oliver Llp
pincott of Los Angeles, who Is testing the
practicability of the automobile as a
means of transportation to the Grand
Canyon, has Just returned from the can
yon, having made, the trip in seven hours
and a half. Citizens of this dace are
now organizing a stock company to oper
ate a line of automobiles from 'here to
the Grand Canyon and expect to have it
running by May L
DEMAND LAND
AND MANY ACRES
COURT UPHOLDS
IDLE HUSBAND
ney- for the Defense
in Alturas.
Judge Punishes an Attor-
LAWYER CURSES THE COURT AS HE
IS LED TO JAIL FOR DRUNKENNESS
FATAL DUEL
IN EMPEROR'S
HUNTING PARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JANUARY; ig^fljK)g.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
« ifo "doubt you hare forgotten me. bat after
you read ray letter you will remember me,"
writes Mrs. Annie E. Moring, of 238 7th Avenue,
S. W. t Roanoke. Va. "In the year 1897, 1 wrote
to yon for advice, which you gave me free of
charge. When I wrote to you I was a wreck : I
could not walk straight for pains in my abdo-
men ; could not sit down, lie down, or get any
ease at a'.l. I had what was called the best doc-
tor here, but did not get any better until I went .
through a course of your medicine. I took eight
bottles each of ' Favorite Prescription ' and
' Golden Medical Discovery.* and ten bottles of
the • Pleasant Pellets.' I tell you the medicine
made a cure of me."
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure biliousness.
That old copybook maxim finds its
most* foxcefnl application in the -waste of
vitality, which is called "burning the
candle at both ends." A woman is
often tempted beyond her strength by
domestic or social demands. Some day
she awakens from this waste of strength
to the woeful want of it. She has be-
come weak, nervous and miserable.
For weak, nervous, run-down women;
there is no better tonic and nervine than
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It
restores the appetite, quiets the nerves
and gives refreshing sleep. It cures
local diseases peculiarly womanly which
undermine the general health. It makes
weak women strong, sick women well.
"WILFUL i'"j»
WASTE J||i|
y^^wM Bt iFVbrvli
#1 wk
Ij The Distinctive Value
\ of. Syrup of Figs is due to its pleasant form and perfect freedom from every
j objectionable quality or substance and to the fact that it acts gently and truly
j as a laxative, without in any way disturbing the natural functions. The
i : requisite knowledge of what a laxative should be and of the best means for its
\ production enable the California Fig Syrap Co. to supply the general demand
\ for a laxative, simple and wholesome in its nature and truly beneficial in. its
j effects; a laxative which acts pleasantly and leaves the internal organs in a
! naturally healthy condition and which does not weaken them.
1 To assist nature, when nature needs assistance, it is all important that the £
Up \ medicinal agents used should be of the best quality and of known value and Syrup
I of Figs possesses this great advantage over all other remedies, that it does not
: |P ] / weakentheorgansonwhich.it acts and therefore it promotes. a healthful con-
ip i dition of the bowels and assists one in forming regular habits. Among its many
i < ~ excellent qualities may be mentioned its perfect safety, in all cases requiring a
HI : laxative, even for the babe, or its mother, the maiden, or the wife, the invalid,
pp or the robust man.
Syrup of Figs is well known to be a combination of the laxative principles
||p .. .of. plants, .'.which act most beneficially, with pleasant aromatic liquids and the
lip . j nice of figs, agreeable and refreshing to the taste and acceptable to the system,
H|p -^ when* its' gentle- cleansing is desired. The quality of Syrup of Figs is due not
|p| only to -the excellence of the combination, but also to the original method of
lip • manufacture which ensures perfect purity and uniformity of product and it is
. therefore all. important, in buying,, in order to get its beneficial effects, to note
iP^ ' e full narne of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front
lP^ of every' package.
fi^B I • ' '*u : ~Tr r '.'C- - San Francisco. Cal. . JwA
WZZS ' Louisville. Ky. . _ ' -. ,. New York. N. Y. >|| |||
IIP ! FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING DRUGGISTS. PRICE FIFTY CENTS PER BOTTLE. yjjjj| I I i
|%^ilffi^jm U T'i|im''^''"''''''''"^Stephen Lagomarsino,' 1520 Powell street,
secured a warrant -from Judge Cabanlss
yesterday for the arrest of Glanbatista
iJenatall on- the charge of grand . larceny.'
Lagomarsino alleges that last Tuesday he
fad four.J20 gold pieces in his pocket and
told Denatall, who - asked to see the
money. ..Lagomarsino says he held, them
In .his hand and Denatall grabbed them
and ran. a way. -
Dcnatall Got the Coin.
H-tsorts , Afirainat" an Appointment.
: The Supervisors^ Jiitiiclary Committee
reported adversely", yesterday to • the pro
posed ordinance appointing Joseph O'Don
nell 'as .assistant to the City Attorney In
the collection of moneys due. the city- by
the State. /Max Popper of the Federation
of' Mission Improvement Clubs addressed
the committee in opposition to the ordi
nance on the ground that the charter
contained no provision permitting such
an appointment. * -.
Says He Stole Child's Money Bank. \
Walter Marshall. 226A Seventh street. I
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabanlss*
court yesterday for the arrest of Charles
Glasser on a charge of petty larceny.
Marshall accuses Glasser of stealing his
son's money bank, containing about $13.
Fifty-yard flash. Juveniles— <3. Anderson. D.
Han-leas. C. Manning. J. Schoenfeld F Veal
J. Dlxon, A. Adams, J. McKenxle, P. Hughes'
Jft: Grunfly. F.< Mangle*, H. NichoU, ; D. MUler'
C. Augrusta*, L-. Saauels. W. Somers/E!
2 elle - £ y n .T' & -Donovan. T . Baker B.
Berry. R. Hall,. P. Revert, C. Donovan W
Stockton. XMvta* for Hates— J. Rogers. P.' Mc-
Dermid. P. O'Neill. W. Bush, A. Derks L.
Cornell. H. Roche, E. Boggs. W-. Cook,' H>
Leicken. J. . Terry, F. Ranktn, J. Ryan/ D.
Belaseo, C. Mason, J. Erasmy. J. Wil«on il
Meyers. E. Martin. E. Wood/. J.' Motile?' H
Heinze, J. Frantz^ A. Ott. One hundred yard
race, amateurs— F. Ralston. ; -W. ¦- Gorman J
Ryder M.Hlckey.C. Simpson. O. Wallace;./-
Day. J. Bevins. W. Sormaa, ,' L,. Grueman X.
Scott. R. Seltxer. F. -Clayton. W. - ArmacosL
C. Wryst, R. Riding. J. McCIuskey. Hir
vine. L. Xewman. C. Scbultz. Trick ana
fancy eprlngboard diving— A. Hay, E. win
- field, L.~ Scott. A. Martinet, ~E. Beyer. L. Har
per. H. .. Seemore. W. Gilbert, C. Harnes. W
Daemon, P. Louis, C. Dollar. G. Freeth. H*
Mitchell J. l^aird. ,W. Carmody. W. Cava
o*uia. F. fitoUe. O. Schult*.
The following swimmers and divera
have entered for the competition to-mor
row at Sutro Baths:
Swimmers at Sutro's.
E. White and J. Glynn vs. A. Whiteman and
,G. Green.
G.' McDonald and L. Carraln« vs. M Mc-
Keil and D. Roger*.
J. Riordan and E. Maloney vs. M. Dillon and
E. Curley. ,. -
J. C. N«alon and. W. Masrulre vs. j" White
and M. J. .KileaUon. _
The handball games at Occidental Ath
letic Club court will be as follows:
G. Kelly and V. Holland vs. F/ Holland ana
"W: Ganey.
' C Johnson and V. Haye« vs. J. H. Keanea.1v
and F. Robertson. *
G. B. Hay ward and J. Duffy vb. G. Kellv
and W. Fisher. - , lly
A. Collins and F. P. Haynes vs. J. D. Ma
honey and'F. . Clements. » , ;•
C. Barry vs. J. Walsh; J. Cdndon ve. Dr
R. Ixmgubaugh; W. Collins ve. J. Griffin- O
Cunningham vs. H. Cory. .'--.• '
James Fitzgerald, the champion hand
ball player, will meet Joe Collins, Pacific
Coast champion, to-morrow under novel
conditions. at Phil Ryan's court. / Colfln3
will be allowed to use both hands during
the /game, but Fitzgerald must use only
his left hand. The other matches will
be between the following players:
A. Pennoyer and 3.' MfiDermott vs. G. Hutch,
inson and W. Kelly.
T. McManug and D. Connelly vs. M. Joyce
and J. Lawless. . ¦ • .
R. Longabaugh and H. H. Lissner vij . VT
Walsh and W. Kavanautrh. I
P. Ryan and W. H. Sicberst v«. M. Levy
anfl M. McDonald. ... . -
Hovel Handball Match.
The nominating committee .of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, consisting of $x-
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill, W. G. Jtforrow
and J. R. Savory, has nominated the fol
lowing regular ticket for the coming year:
For commodore, Robert S. Bridgman,
owner- of the sloop Thetis and. now vice
commodore ; vice commodore, A. C* Lee,
owner of the sloop Surprise and formerly
vice commodore of the California Yacht
Club; financial secretary; a; G. A. Muel
ler; recording" secretary, W.'-M • Edgell-
V*t 8U " r '- R - M - Welch;. port captain, T.
A. Robblns, of the launch RobRoy;.meas-
E" 6^ V- I ? ennison - Of the foregoing
vlt I* I e i ch ls tn e Present treasurer and
W. M. Edgell is. the .. present Secretary.
There is no sign of, opposition. It. is 'ex
pected the regular ticket will be elected
without change. , ; . . . \
v^!»*f es Vo tIie -Pacific ' Inter-Club
Yacht Association' war be appointed by
show's «"?«° th- •¦' llst : ° f ;a?°Hnees
shows it is the Policy;. of the club to have
S noT n a er s S »n 0f , Sma11 yac 5 ts for Sectors',
as not a single owner of a bl« boat hn^
received a nomination. _«"«.w>at has
the^bay 1 ! y yacht or .*>o£t club house ™
At a .meeting of the California v*.-u»
Club held on -Tuesday^ night tS foiilS&i
were chosen officers W the comin« <2K5
S. S.- Marshall, of the *loop Thelmt 2&n*
modore; Robert .Vincent,- of vthe %<£»
Alert, vice commodore; E. N W»it^ P
treasurer^^ William ¦- McBaln,. 6e <ietirV •
John, J. Sherry, port captain; meaeuw*
J. T. Carrier, of the sloop Jessie. e!? mem:
bers of board of directors. ex-Commodore
Allen M. Clay and George M.Shaw The
regatta committee consists of -Auirust R
F.. Brandes, ,W. H. -Williamson and C a\
Lori ng. It was decided the , openinif "dav
of the season should be April! . if ffi
date meets with the approvalef the com
modore. | It has occasionally happened in
recent yean- that-- two. of the thr^ princi
pal local yacht- clubs have chosen the
same day for. their opening jinks, it il
the Intention of the California Yacht Club
to. open this season on a different dav
from that selected by any other club The
Callfornlans'want^to have their Jinks at
tended by- as many members as possible
of -Uhe San Francisco and i. Corinthian
Yacht CIuds.v ; " -'.:¦•.. . , .-..,.
At- the annual meeting of the California
; Yacht Club a committee was appointed to
look into the matter of selecting a site
The usual plan is for two men to go in
a boat, one rowing and the other trolling
with the spoon. .. J. Gibson hit upon the
idea. of allowing his. boat drift down
stream. He has been using fresh . roe
taken from fish caught In the stream. .
Some of the old v steelhead fishermen
spend much of their time instructing the
novices. One of their lessons has been
never to- touch the • line when landing a
fish, as he always has a dying kick in
him. The proper way, they say, is to
"gaff" it or else catch : it under the gill
with the finger. When the fish Jumps out
°.f. tne water, in its desperate struggle for
liberty, the rod should be dipped. If the
line. Is then held taut the fish may strike
it /with its tall, cutting It as though it
were thread.
-A party of anglers, including Alex
Vogelsang, John Butler, Frank Marquis,
Al-Wilspn, M. <5eary and O. W. Jackson,
win, be on the river -to-dty. after steel
heads. Once the rain sets in it will put
an end to the fishing. ¦ . .
_H. B. Hosmer and,W. B. Bogart fished
Petaluma Creek for steelheads last Sun
day without getting *. "strike." On Mon
day F. H. Stashnell and Mr. Bogart fished
In- the. sanio "waters and succeeded in
Ending eleven splendid fish. .. •¦; ¦ .
The^ctlon of San Francisco Flycasting
ciuo in- deciding upon holding an open
to-tne-world tournament in August
should have an .enlivening effect upon the
gentle . pastime. Stow Lake Is an Ideal
place for the competition and in August
weather conditions should be favorable.
This will be the height of the fishing sea
son and the . Eastern anglers will be ex
pected to avail themselves cf the oppor
tunity, of -trying the' trout fishing for
which the streams oi thla State are fa
mous. , r • . . ¦ ¦ : : ¦ . / ¦ ¦
\ The steelhead fishermen are enjoying
royal sport in Russian River, at the pres
ent time. Thebeet results are being ob
tained with the Abalorie spoon and the
Wilson spinner No. 4. Some have ' been
caught with red fly and- shrimp, but none
with salted roe." - '
The 'anniversary ball and entertainment
of the" Dolphins will be held in Native
Sons' Hall on Wednesday , evening, the
29th inst. The/ arrangements are In chargy
of a "committee consisting of W. O. Patch,
Ale*: .W.'^Papef. lied Wienirid, 3: S. ' Earls,
Frank • C'tirryV V. ! Kehrlein, Frank McEI
rath. John' Belmers and W..L. Bush.;
The'&nnyal^nieetinif .of. the.. Alameda
Bqatl&g Club, was. held 'on/Tuesday night
in the 2JUl»Ki>|ise',,at»'£he;fo6t, of Chestnut
street, "AJ$ra'e4&t.'. The .reports of the offi
cers .were, read and showed the club is in
exce]Jf4Xt )V -finjinclal:. condition. The work
of d#tor#.tlng Sfftd refurnishing the.living
room of the clubhouse is progressing, and
the xooirifheglns, .to llook more .comforta
ble. "; .Tftte, .club ;no«, has . so full .a list of
members' that. If has been, decided; to raise
the. initiation- fee. Andrew Bangs and
John Eggers were elected as members,
and seven . applications for membership
were, received. " ". .. J?" ' • *
The- following 1 were .'elected "officers of
the AJameda .Boating Club for the com
ing term o^ilx months: > President, C. H.
Smith L vice president. F. ; 8. , Cone ;. cap
tain, H. >E. Nelson; . lieutenant, . Z. ; T.
Thorning; treasurer, A. G.Bell; secretary,
W. B. Hitichman; members of the execu
tive ; committee,' J.->H. Petersdn, E.'.rB.
Thorhing- and Al JOhm. The delegates to
the -Pacifier .'Association of the Amateur
Athletic? Irnlon: will be elected before th*?.
annual meeting of that body, in Septem
ber, *«»!-.' ¦}.:,'.-.---.<.':\ : .'.--::f '•. V;.i"«.: # :- ' , :
Captain T. R. Dlxon Intends to organize
a Junior barge crew, consisting of T. J.
Sherry, : E. O. Krasness, John : Relmers
and himself. The places in the boat have
not. yet been allotted, but practice will
begin soon. ' '¦_'; ~''y- * ¦
The annual dinner of the Dolphin Boat-
Ing Club last Saturday night was highly
successful, about i seventy members and
guests being present.' The 'programme was
unusually, good. There is plenty of en
thusiasm among the members, and the
proBpect for an active season is promis
ing. ; . - . , ¦ . /. ' ' ,;
Rod Wielders Avail of the
Opportunity to Fish Before
the Rain Stops the Game
Rowing on the' Smooth Water
of Oakland' Estuary Is a
Popular Winter Exercise
Sausalito Tars Take -Turn
With Hammer and Nails in
Large Hall of .Clubhouse
California Seect Officers for
Coming Year 'and Plan
« Handier Summer Anchorage
Steelheads Continue tV Run
in Large Numbers and A- e
Providing Excitinj Sport
Alameda Oarsmen at Yearly
Meeting Elect Ne\y Board
and Ra se Admission Fees
ELECTIONS TAKE
THE ATTENTION OF
YACHT CLUB MEN
ANGLERS ENJOY
THE FISHING IN
RUSSIAN RIVER
ANNUAL JINKS
AND BALL FOR
BOATING CLUB
A QUARTET OF TENNIS PLAYERS WHOSE WORK. ON THE CALIFORNIA CLUB COURTS IN BOTH SINGLES
AND DOUBLES, DURING THE. WINTER SEASON MARKS THEM AS BEING AMONG* THE CLEVEREST
RACKET WIELDERS NOW PLAYING THE GAME ON THIS COAST. •¦¦"¦¦¦ *«*
i *~ _± • • * ' ¦ ¦
The death of Valley Queen, a greyhound
whose name will live in -history . of local
coursing, . has-, been .-recorded.- Valley
Queen was the dam of many celebrated
coursers, among which are Right Bower,
an untrained dog that won an open plains
stake In fast company, and Valley Maid
both by Dashaway. ,By Skyball sha
whelped Mialmo. a Merced winner,, and
Fireball. By Emln Pasha, Koolawn. a
heat stake winner,' Forget and Mira Mon
tez. By Skyrocket she whelped O K Capi
tol, a Mercfcd victor. Morning Glory and
'For Glory, and by Firm Friend, Royal
Anne and ¦ May Hempstead, winners on
local fields.
The great annual coursing event of this
year, the Waterloo Cup of England, will
be run at Altcar next month. Greater in
terest is manifested in tn;s season's event
because of the quarantine against Irish
greyhounds having, been .removed by the
Board of Agriculture. This will bring out
many of the crack Irisn nounds, notwith
standing that many of the Irish leashmen
holding nominations in the classic event
gave them up expecting never to be al
lowed to course their hounds again in
England or Scotland. Fearless Footstep*,
twice winner of the cup, will be among the
entries, and is considered to have a great
chance to again win. ¦•-
Two open stakes- are programmed for
this week's attraction for Union Park pa
trons. Both events will be run down on
Saturday. Likely winners in the first
event are Tlburon. Charta, Wild Norah,
Loyal Lad, Shadow. Silver Cloud, Lear
King Vandal, Full Moon, Fontenoy, Mer
rimac, Tralee Boy. Wedgewood, Hariean
Gladys, Homer • Bo>% Narcissus, Hap
hazard. Fenii, War Eagle. Fine Form,
Cold Shivers. Vulcan. Ireland. Hickory
Dick Tapioca and Master Rocket. 1 Win
ners'in the second stake look to be: Chi
cago .Boy, Miss Brummell, Bad Boy,
Melrose Lad, Lady Davenport, New Moon,
| Toronto, Auckland, Santonin- Fair Oaks,
May Hempstead, My Girl, Roy Hughle,
IjWapsee, Lady Newark, Mayflower, Crock
ett Hill, 1 Cruiser, Clarice. Yellow Tail,
Miss Wilson, Bright Gold. Rural Artist,
Boodle Boy, O'Hara and Real Aristocrat.
for an anchorage during the yachting
I season near the pier heads of the AlameCa
narrow gauge mole. The- committee con
sists of Frank Moffltt, A. M. Clay and
Charlea A. Doe. The California yachts
men. while they ha.ve the beat winter
moorings near San Francisco.- find the
beat out of Oakland Creek and the lonf
IEk » h S me ' yth a light wind against an
ebb tide, serious drawbacks to tTie enjoy
ment of their sport. If th© project sug
gested is successfully carried out the old
clubhouse will be left on its present site
as a. place to store Bails, spars and other
equipment during the winter, and as a
headquarters for owners who desire to
work. on their boats during: the winter or
to prepare ; them for the ¦aillnir siiLn
If the, new site, is obtained a new a^d
more commodious clubhouse will be built
The running of the Belle Brandon stake
serves as a preparatory trial for tfs great
California Futurity, an event that attracts
the attention of the entire coursing world.
Dogs that have performed successfully in
the Belle Brandon can be counted on to
enhance their reputation- in the Futurity.
: The- first meeting of the Belle Brandon
stake was held five years ago and waf
won by the courser whose name it bearrr.
Laurels in this annual event have be«n
won by One Spot. Bohe; Freda C and
Freeze Out, in turn.
55 In "conjunction with this stake the Cali
fornia Plate stake of ninety-six entries
wilLbe run. This event, too. is a feature
of ¦ the season's couraing, its. rich prize*
serving to attract the best performers in
the running. Greyhounds that are classed
as champions and by their clever work
earn favor in the eyes or coursing • en
thusiasts are. being . trained carefully for
the California Plate stake. Their pres
ence in the event makes it second onlv to
the John Grace Challenge Cup stake,
America's greatest coursing meeting.
As soon as the hares show a disposition
to slacken in their speed the Union Park
management will run some sapling
stakes. The candidates in the Belle Bran
don event will" start in them to gain ex
perience on the field.
* The stake will be run on February ?2
and will be open for nominations until the
night of the draw.
The Belle Brandon stake Is scheduled
for thirty-two nominations. It is for
hounds the bona fide property of members
of the Interstate Coursing Club or any
coursing club represented on the Califor
nia Coursing Committee, the latter, how
ever, ' subject to the approval of the In
terstate club.'
Leashmen and breeders of high clays
greyhounds are looking forward with con
siderable interest to the running of this
year's Belle Brandon * taXe.
This meeting serves as an attraction to
the follower .of the game, inasmuch aa it
brings out 'a.' new. !ot;of coursers of hish
class. To the breeder it' gives the first
chancef to try the merits of hls"carefup
raised arid. ''fashionably 6 red puppies in an
«vent,set l .apart-"for .that class. That the
coming meeting will be of high'- class is
shown by the fact that already more than
the requisite number of entries have been
promised for the event , V
on it. It is " expected, when the club
acquires an anchorage right on the open
bay, so that the yachtsmen can begin
sailing as soon as they leave their moor
ings and can tie up at the close of a
cruise without having to sail for some dis
tance up the estuary, the club will largely
increase its membership.
The victory of Mrs. R. Gllman Brown
In th©. final round of the fifth and, as It
proved, the last competition for the Coun
cil's cup for women of the San Francises •
Golf Club, was generally expected and
well deserved. Mrs. Brown had met and
disposed 6f one of her most dangerous
antagonists in the second round. This
was Miss Alice C. Hoffman, who won the
cup in the first two competitions held for
It, in January and February, 1900. Mrs.
Brown placed two victories to her credit
in January and March, 1901. It was hoped
by some golfers that Miss Alice Hager,
who is playing a strong game, might win
and so save the trophy for a while. But
Miss Hager, though she drove a longer
ball than Mrs. Brown several times, was
not so accurate in her approach shots or
ou the green. The medal play scores of
both contestants for the fifteen holes
played showed little difference. Mrs.
Brown's being 54, 32, total »t>, and Mlfl3
Hager's being 5<5, 32, total S3. But Mrs.
Brown's score in the first ¦ round was
swelled by two eights as against two
sixes of her opponent, and in the second
round by an S against a 4. In the second
round Miss Hager lost the tenth and
eleventh, won the .twelfth, lost the thir
teenth and halved the fourteenth and fif
teenth. .. .*: .-:
Mrs. Brown has already won the
Council's cup for women of the San Ra
fael Golf Club and has one victory to her i
credit on the Poniatowski cup of the Bur..'
.llngame Country Club. Though the un
fair behavior of the spectators at Del
Monte deprived her of the first women's
Pacific Coast golf championship last year,
she is almost universally regarded aa the
strongest golfer of her sex in the noTth
ern part of California. It was hoped that
some of the most expert women golfers
of Southern California would contend at
Del Monte last year, but none of them
put In an appearance. If Mrs. Brown at
tends the meeting of the Pacific Coast
Golf Association' in Southern California
this year. It will be Interesting to observe
the results of the play between her ani
Mrs. Jean W. Bowers of Garvanza, who
Is the woman champion of the sotAh, and
will be upon links familiar to her. Mrs.
Bowers is commonly regarded In the
south as Invincible and has twice won
the women's championship of that Dart
of the State.
So far nothing definite is heard about
the team matches between the San Fran
cisco and Oakland Golf clubs, though th©
first meeting of the teams in previous
seasons has taken place early In Decem
ber. It is likely. that both clubs are wait
ing for their' courses to be softened by
rain, which Is necessary after the long
dry spell and the parching north wind.
The golfers at the Presidio have been
playing the course in the reverse direc
tion lately, so .as to give the greens' and
the turf in front of them an opportunity
to grow strong. Early this week, the
golfers resumed play over the course In
the usual manner. 'President J. W. Byrne
of the San Francisco Golf Club is In XeW^
Tork and ftis.ndt likely that the meet
ing between the clubs will take place un
til his return: :
Three well known San Francisco golfers
recently played the Scotch game on a- sur
face as totally- unlike a Caledonian links
as can well be imagined. Indeed, the
game must- have been unique in the pe
culiarity-of the course on which it was
played. • The holes were laid out on the
salt field at Salton, in Southern Califor
nia, the "greens" being mere circles
drawn with a piece of string and a nail
on the crust of salt : crystals The holes
were long and It is curious that, notwith
standing the glittering whiteness of th9
saline deposit, the golf ball was not diffi
cult to find. The CoahuIIa Indians, who
work • on the salt field, were Impressed
Into. the service of the golfers and must
have been almost the strangest caddies
ever Employed. What they thought of
the game cannot even be guessed, for the
Coahuila Indian shows Absolutely no sign
of emotion, and seems-qulte indifferent to
external matters. ,:
A team of ladieg of the San Francisco
Golf Club will play against a team of
ladies of the Oakland Golf Club this
morning. at the Adams Point links. The
San Francisco representatives will prob
ably be the following: Mrs. R. Gilmac
Brown, Miss Alice Hager, Miss Alice C.
Hoffman. Mrs. L_ T. Scott.. Miss Florence
Ives,. Miss Bertha Dolbeer, Miss Edltlt
McBean and Jllss Sarah Drum. The
game will be over eighteen holes, match,
play"/ and will begin about I*o*cloc1c.
Harry Miller shot at Novato, on the
Petaluma Club preserve, as the guest of
J. Homer Fritch: He killed 17 ducks.
The Alameda Gun Club members re
turned from their preserve near McGlU's
with well filled game bags.
Ed Klevesahl and W. Murdock had fair
sport at Sears Point. . • .
W. Reed killed nine ducks and one hon
ker goose near Napa. . r . -
Ed Forster killed a dozen ducks in a
short time on Tubbs Island.
. Ed Bowen and Cuneo killed 40 "cans"
and teal last Sunday near San Pablo. E.
Mlldner and J. Struven killed 19 in the
same locality.
Ben Baflra and Tom Watson secured a
dozen quail and English snipe near Shell
ville. - . ¦ ,:
B. F. Newby. one of the best field shots
Of Colusa County, has had some excellent
shooting recently on the DJxon Gun Club
preserve. On one day he killed 34 geese,
ceasing shooting when he had all he could
conveniently carry to town. On. another
day he bagged 22 teal in a (short time.
He was alone and there was nothing to
set the birds moving, otherwise he would
easily have secured a limit bag.
. Frank Vernon and E. G. Rodolph shot
over their favorite grounds near Point
Reyes last Sunday, securing a joint bag
of 47 auail.
Harry RIcklefson killed 22 quail near
Ignacio.
C. A. Haight, "Jim" Maynard and "Joe"
Sweeney found birds in abundance on the
ponds of the Canvasback Club, near Sui
sun, last Sunday. '
J. B. Hauer and J. Peltier went into the
Point Reyes country for quail last Sun
day. They secured a combined bag of 32
birds. . Quail were numerous, but a heavy
fog made shooting impossible until the
middle of the day.
Morgan Wood and a friend Bhot over
the Empire Club preserve last Sunday,
getting 34 eprig and mallard. Con. Ro
man and C. A. Bennett also enjoyed a
good shoot. • - ¦
Dr. Louis Cranz secured a dozen ducks
near Alvarado. , ' ' ' ¦
Otto Feudner shot over the Stewart
ponds, near Denverton, last Sunday with
his. usual success. He secured the limit.
In the party were Edward Schmiedell,
George R. Field and Frank Owens. The
joint bag of the latter three was 68. Birds
were there In great numbers, but owing
to the intense cold they would not fly.
The members of Spooney Gun Club en
joyed good sport last Sunday, averaging
30 birds, principally teal and sprig, to the
gun. Those who visited the preserve
were: Dr. E. N. Short, George Morse,
L. R. Larzalere, Mr. Guyatt and William
Whitehead. vi •
Owing to the limit placed by law on the
number of birds a man may shoot in one
day, there have been few birds killed as
compared -with previous years. It is ex
pected this will be felt during the next
few years, as it must mean a greater
number will return each season.
In Rlchardsons 1 Bay the canvasbacks
are commencing to dive for fish, which is
an intimation the birds will soon lose
their fine flavor.
Although the birds are In the bay in.
such numfters, the majority of -gunmen'
are not getting many of them*.. The clubs'
having baited ponds enjoy excellent shoot-
Ing, but the man who has no preserve to
6hoot over getB Email returns f6r a day
on the marsh.
The bay still continues the abiding place
of countless thousands of ducks of all va
rieties. The lack of rain has dried out the
interior ponds and other bodies of water,
thus forcing the birds back to the bay.
The San Joaquin Valley, which usually
attracts a large number of birds, has not
done so this year, the frost and" cold
winds absorbing the surface water which
was formerly the attraction. - ..... .; -j
Fred Sherwood and B. G. Wood will
represent Boone's School, while Harrv
Gorham will enter the. singles for Lick
Barring Rosenberg, the strongest plaver
in the league is Bay Taylor of Oakland
If he can find a partner In his own class
the championship may go across the bay
In a match on Wednesday Joe Tobln
beat Al Rosenberg two straight sets «— 4
7—5. The latter is the equal of anv of
the first claws men -of the California Club
and his defeat was a surprise to the local
cracks. .
The crack tennis players representing
both Stanford University and the Uni
versity of California; as well- as those of
the different preparatory schools of the
bay counties, are already practicing for
the Intercollegiate and academic cham
pionships. The former will be played as
usual In April, while the contests be
tween the "prep" schools will be held In
May. ¦;¦.. ¦ : . . ¦ :.-¦;
The iqtercollegiate tennis this year will
hardly b« as good as last, as Stanford Is
exceptionally weak- Harry Wiehe is the;
only man from the latter place who
classes with the cracks from Berkeley,
and it is doubtful if he will take part.
Although Paul Selby, Berkeley's star of
l&6t vear. Is out of college, the blue and'
gold will Bend fully as strong: a team imo
both singles and doubles as last year.
Next to Wiehe Du Val Moore is probably
the best player at Stanford, and althougn
he Is promising- it would be almost impos
sible lor him to improve enough to make
a winning team "with Wiehe. The latter
could undoubtedly hold his own with the
best player from Berkeley.
Stanford Is handicapped by a lack of
courts, the ones now down being unfit
to play on. This will be remedied in the
course of two or three years, when the
new gymnasium is built, but in the mean- ;
time bcth a lack of courts on which to
develop men and a, lack of material
makes Stanford's prospects look poor for
several years to come. Should Wiehe
and Moore decide not to play their col
lege will • be . represented by the Lieb
brothers and C. Baker. These men
would Mand no chance of winning.
At "Berkeley there are more crack play
ers this year than ever before, and their
try-outs should result in some excellent
tennis. There are at least six first class
men and all are so evenly matched that
only a tournament could settle the ques
tion of supremacy among them. These
men are Drumraond MacGavin, Harold
Braly, Reuben Hunt. Fred Brown, Trow,
Hcndrick and Baker. MacGavin, with
Grant Smith, won the doubles tournament
for the championship of the coast. Braly
is doubles champion of Southern . Calif or
nia. Hunt is champion of several of the
Gulf States and Hendrlck is the Inter
scbolastlc champion of Southern Califor
nia. These men, with the exception of
Hunt and Braly, all have either two or
three years more at college, hence "the
prospects of blue and gold victories for
the next few years are good.
The academic tennis this year promises
to be much more interesting and much
closer than last year. For the last two
cr. three years Lowell High School has
been so strong that its representatives
have won without difficulty. They have
good men to represent them this year,
but some of the other schools have* also
developed good men and the contests will
be close. The Geary brothers from Seat
tle will represent Polytechnic High
School this year, in, .both singles and
doubles, and their chances of winning the
championship are considered good.
Lowell will hold a try-out a week from
to-4ay on the California Club, courts. Al
Rosenberg is the best player in the school
and will not have to go through the- tour
nament. He will play a round robin with
the tw.o players, .who .reach the finals of
the tournament. Rosenberg will repre
sent. Ms school in both singles and
doubles, consequently there will be but
cne place to try for. His partner in
double* will probably be Carl' Gardner
who hfelped win the championship for
Low«ll last year. George and A. Jones
two brothers from Lakeport, are said to
be good men. It would not create sur
prise if George made the team ahead of
Gardner. .
the Season of 1901 Will
Compete for Rich Prizes
Fashionably Bred Whelps of
Few Birds Are, Seen in the
Interior Owing to the Lack
of Rain There Recently
Some City Golfers Utilize
Salton's/ Saline Surface
for Their Favorite Sport
From Appearances This State
of Affairs Will Prevail for
Some Seasons to Come
The Belle Brandon Stake at
Union Park Has Large List
of Entries to Draw From
Inter- Club Contest Will Be
Deferred Until Rains Have
Softened Parched Courses
Members of Gun Clubs Own
ing Preserves Are Enjoying
. Good Sport on Their Ponds
Racket Wielders of the Uni
versity of California Out
class Wearers of Cardinal
YOUNG COURSERS
MEET IN EVENT
OF HIGH CLASS
WOMEN GOLFERS
PLAY MATCH ON
OAKLAND LINKS
COLLEGE TENNIS
PLAYERS ARE IN
HARD PRACTICE
DUCKS CONTINUE
TO ARRIVE IN
LARGE NUMBERS
WINTER SPORTS AND PASTIMES ON THE TRACK, IN THE FIELD
JB^^AN.FEANCISCO GALL; 8ATITRDAYi JAKXJARY 18, 1902.
4OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, Jan. 17.— Weather fine. Track fast.
3155. FIRST RACE — Mile and fifty yards; selling; four-year-olda and up: to flrat. $325.
• . Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y*- Vt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3131 Ulloa, 6.. : . .. 107 4 64 72 2n 1% A. B. Spreckels.. Jackson 8 12
3133 Wolhurst, a 109 8 8 8 8 % '2 IS J. McMlchael. .A. Kelly 5 ~5
30S9 Osmond. 6 .109 1 1111^11^35 C. W. Chappell..O'Qonnr 5 10
' 3052 Burdock, 8 110 3 •£ h 6 3 5 h 4% J. S. Campbell. ..Mounce 15 15
3131 Limelight, 6 Ill 2 54 4^71 54 George Hecox... Bullman 4 8-2
3081 Aloha II, 5 109 5 7 3h 61 64 Jones & Co Wlnslette 7-2" 7-2
3124 Antolee, 4.. 102 « 41 62 4^ 7 15 D. A. Honlg Ransch 6 5
3143 Gawalne. 4' 104 73n2h4 8 W. E. Cotton. .T. Burns 5 7
Time— V*. ' :24VS; V,. :49; %. 1:15; mile, 1:41%; lm 50yds. 1:44%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels' ch. m. by Crighton-Zara. ' Ulloa showed Improve-"
- ment. Wolhurst pounds the best and should have won. He was not straight when barrier
i went. up. Osmond quit badly. Limelight burned out. Aloha cut off on far turn. Gawalna
a cheap one.
315G. SKCOND RACE: — One mile; selling; four- year- olds and up; to first. $325. ;'"•.: 1
| ~ ~ '¦ Betting.
Index Horse.. Age. "Weight. St. #. #. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3145 Rollick, 4 9S 134 23 12 1 Vs Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 2-5 3-10
. 3087 Tlzona, 5 106 2 22)31 21 23 Partington Broe..Troxler 15 60
3133 Diomed, 5 103 5 4h 7 44 3 3 36 Brown & Co. Jackson 2 16-5
t 3104 Gusto, 5 106 3 1 !• 1 ii 4 5 41P. Howley. ....Wlnslette 5 SO
Rim Rock, 4 101 4 5 8 5 S S. J. Jones Dunn 60 200
;Time^4i, :25i4; %, :49tt; %, 1:15V4; mile, 1:40%. Good start. Won easily Second and
, third driving. Winner, Burna & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rol
' lick breezed in. Diomed has gone back. Tizona ran a smashing good race. Gusto better
on a slow track. Rim Rock can win In cheaper company.
3157. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling:; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
— - - •'. \ • ' ¦ : Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3130 Shell Mount 119 33h 2n 11 In D. Cameron O'Connor 1-2 2-5
3138 Killdoe 114 1 12 11 21 22 B. Schreiber. Mounce 5-2 9-2
3120 Constable 119 4 21 31 4 1 3 ns Ezell & Lazarus.. Jones 8 10
3130 Arigato 112 6 4^4^3145 W. Matthews.. Matthews 30 75
30S8 Dawson 119 2 5% 71 6151 W. B. Sink Jr.. Spencer 10 30
3035 Dulcimer... 112 7 7 1 5 2" 7% 6^ T. H. Ryan Vickery 20 40
3120 Matin tfeU^t- 112 5 8 8 5 h 7 % ¦ Chlnn & Forsyth..Conley 60 100
27SS Yrsula ¦ . . r.>. .. .112 86h 648 8 J. C.- Jfeaton. ,.T. Burns 10 15
Time-^-To Vi. :21%; to %, :46; last %, 1:01; short %, 1:11. Good start. Won cleverly. Sec
ond and third driving. , Winner, D. Cameron's ch. g. by Salvation -Plumeria. Winner the
class. Killdoe ;has quite- a turn of speed. Saddle on Constable turned.- Dulcimer, away
poorly, showed, a lot of speed. Yrsula .in a pocket before striking stretch; will take some
beating next time.- Scratched — Esternell 117, Sir Claus 119, Gypsy Boy 117, George Whlt
3158. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
' " ' Betting.
Index Horse • and.. .Weight. St. %. %. . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3128 The Giver .116 2 6 6 10 4 25 1 n Elmwood Farm.. Mounce iTi 6^5
:tl4S ' Mllas jf 108 4 4% 43 3%23 Jennings & Co.O'Connor 6 4
(3138) Colonial Girl 107 3 21 3 2 In 3 5 VV, M. Rogers.. Jackson 8-5 5-2
3114 Huachuca 109 5 31 1 Vt 2 h 4 30 G. W. Baldwin. T. Burns 4 132
3138 Torso Maid 98 1 1% 2 1^5 20 5 30 J. Weber ...:. Henderson 30 150
Sagittarius 103 6 5 1^6 6 6 Mallowmot Farm.Redfrn 100 25O
Time— %. :24; %, :48; %, 1:13; %. 1:26%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' br. c. by Tiger-Miss Gift. Mounce on. winner cut off soon
after start and compelled to take back. Was much the best. Milas showed improvement
over his previous race. Huachuca quit badly. • . — • . *» - -
315O. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; Stockton handicap; three-year-olds; to first, $500.
i -¦: . • Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. 1 %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3140 Sister Jeanie. 3.. 903 31 2 1 2 n 1%. Jennings & Co. ..Redfern ~i 7
312S Meehanus. 6 108-6 65 52 31 21 Caesar Young.. O'Connor 8-2 8-5
3140 Frank Bell, 6.... 113 1 11% 11 1^3% O'Neal & Co... .Mounce 3 +
3140 Kenilworth. 4 ...114 5 5n 4n 4 2 42 W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 6 S
3147 May W, a 115 44%G652 54 D. Cameron... .T Burns 3 5
3145 February, a 95 2 2 1 3 n 6 3 6 8 J. S. Gibson J. Daly 15 40
2510 Ada N, 4 100 7 7 7 ¦ 7 - -- 7 -¦ c. Earl & Co Ranach 15 100
Time — Y*. :24%; %, :48%; %, 1:13. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by Midlothian-Fannie Louise. Redfern rode a pretty
race on winner. With weight off Meehanus showed improvement. Too much weight on
Frank Bell. Kenllworth is improving. ¦ May W in trouble on back stretch. Did not run
her race. February cut off on stretch turn by Kenilworth.
316O. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y*- %. v Str. Fin.. Owner and Jockey. Op! *ci'.
2785 Lavator, 6 109 2 In 11 11 11 j. C. Nealon.. .O'Connor 8-5 1
3141 Picador. 4 ......110 1 5 2 3h 21 23 T. H. Stevens... Bullman 8-5 5-2
3135 Duke York II, a.. 109 3 6 Yt 7 4 3 n 3 1 I, Morehousev.J. Mathws 12 °5
3026 Marion Lynch, 5.. 107 7 726 1%4n 43 3. Judge Ransom 4 7
3141 Castake, a 116 4 2h4h 52 56 O. W. Boesecke.. Romero 15 30
3137 Mallakwa, 6 112 5 31 21 62 62 D.Cameron T Burns 10 10
3134 Fidel Youlln. 5... 107 8 4% 51 76 78 Dr. RowelLL. A 'jacksn 30 60
3141 Rushfields, a 116 6 8 8 8 8 C. O. Ray.. '.McGinn 8 15
Time— V*. :25tf ; Ys. :50; ?4, 1:16%; m, 1:42%; lm 50yds, 1:45. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, J. C. Nealon' s ch. g. by Salvator-Hot Spring. Winner best Picador
no excuses. Marion Lynch ran a fair race. Castake stale. Mallakwa quit.
HAMILTON. Bermuda. Jan. 17.— The British
transport Montrose has arrived here from Cape
Town with another detachment of Boer pris
oners, -yssgs
• VIENNA, Jan. 17.— Charles M. Schwab,
president of the United States Steel Cor
poration, arrived, here this evening.
Schwab Arrives at Vienna.
TACOMA, . Jan. 17.— The State Labor Con
gress elected thete. of fleers: President, ¦Wil
liam Blackman, Olympla; vice president, C. R.
Case Everett; - secretary, • James - Menzles, Ta
coma: treasurer, > B\ Stacy „ Whitney, - Seattle.
The question of affiliation ' with ° the American
Federation of Labor was left to a referendum
vote by the various, unions.'
VIENNA, . Jan. 17.— The Allgemelne Zei
tung' and : the 1 Morgen " ; Zeitung publish
statements to the 'effect that King.' Alex
ander of Servla is endeavoring to obtain
a divorce from ; Queen . Draga.
Servia's King Wants a Divorce.
King Oscar Opens Parliament.
STOCKHOLM. Jan. 17.— King Oscar
opened the Swedish Parliament in person
to-day. In the speech from the throne
his Majesty expressed the earnest hope
that the House would grant'the credits
necessary to render efficient all branches
of the army, and announced the introduce
tlon of bills extending the franchise for
the election of members of the secon<l
chamber, providing for a progressive In
come tax and establishing an Imperial
insurance office. The King- concluded
with the expression ot hope for a con
tinuance of the good relations between
Sweden and Norway and foreign ports.
BERLIN/ Jan. 17.— Replying to an Inter
pellation in -the. Reichsta^to-'aay, Count
von; Posadowsky-Wehfner/ Secretary of
State for the Interior, ihat the best
statistics available showed that there were
not more: than 7500 unemployed persons in
Berlin, their number having :;beenv kept
down by the efforts of ther various federal
departments to provide them, work when
ever this was possible. ¦ The ¦• Secretary of
State assured the Reichstag that the Gov
ernment hoped that healthier conditions
would be soon created, so that' the coun
try labor might again prosper - on the
land. -; _ __*_'
Reichstag Hears About Labor.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan: 17. — Crescent City
summary:-. ." . . ¦. ' ¦ ¦ .
First race, seulngr, - five . furlongs— John O.
Ford won,. Ante-Up second. Sad Sam third.
Time. 1:02. .. - . — "
- Becond race,' selling, one mile and a sixteenth
The Way won, .Missile , second. Lean ja third.
Time, 1:49. •-
Third race, one mile, selling— Campus won,
The Messenger second, Little Lois third. Time
1:42. '¦' ' '-. :-- ; ' " ' •¦' ' '-,' ¦ V- ' : - ¦ .'¦ ¦
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs— JCaloma
won. Free Coinage ; second. Lady 'Kent third.
Time, l:ia%.
Fifth race, selling, one mile— Sir Florlan won
El Ghdr second, Radford . third. Time, 1:40%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Death won, Carl
Kabler second, , Scarlet. • Lily third. Time
1:12%. ¦ ¦ ;- r ¦¦ . ¦ —i - . . -i
New Orleans Racing-.
: Both of the contestants are well known
among the university students. Fox is a
resident of this city. Ford comes from
the northern part of the State. The con-"
test was pulled ' off . in the attic of the
men's dormitory. It was witnessed by
an audience : of from seventy-flve to 100
Many of the most prominent students of
the university were there and a number
from the city. ' Kverythlng was accord
ing to prize ring^ customs. It is stated
that the fight was for a purse of $25.
SEATTLE, Wash., .Jan. 17.— Edward
Fox and Guy Ford, two students of the
State university, fought ten fast rounds
to-night. The contest was called a draw
in accordance with an agreement between
the principals that such was to be the
ruling if both men were on their feet at
the end of the tenth round.
Institution.
an Audience in a "Washington
Ten Fast Rounds Are Fought Before
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS "
ENGAGE IN PUGILISM:
N. S. Hand, the Eastern handicapper,
with offices at 113 Stockton street, gave
his subscribers five straight winners yes
terday, including Ulloa at 15 to 1 and Sis
ter jeanie at 6 to 1. Hand figures purely
on the class and form of horses and
jockeys, as shown In actual races,' and
his success on California tracks Is phe
nomenal. ¦¦ '• : - "•-¦',.
First race— Jacqueminot, Kllldoe, Halmetta.
Second race — Sweet Caporal, Afghan, Saul of
Tarsus.
Third race— Thaddeus, Honiton, Clarlnette.
Fourth race— Horton, Scotch Plaid, Constel
lator. ' xfl'-'Jy*
Fifth race — Mercer, Homestead, Princess. Tl-
Sixth race — Vesuvian, Janice, The Fretter.
Selections for To-Day.
| The blue book ;.glves * statistics for. the
month of December last;,when- there wero
117,017 inmates . of the." camps 1 and 2380
'deaths,, of which number 1767 were chil
dren. ; '"¦¦ '','::) '' . '¦:, .. ¦ " : r:\
, "I ¦ offered Botha to leave the families
and relatives of .flghtjrig burghers in un
disturbed possession ; of; 'their farms -if
Botha would agree' to spate 1 , the. farms tif
the families'"of '^surrendered^'burghers.
Botha emphatically, refused" saying: 'I
am 'entitled to .force, every .Inan to Join,
and if they do not join to : coriflscate their
property and leave 'their "famifles on the
veldt.' "".' '. "."" I'.".'.' '"•'*". " ':
Lord f Kitchener , emphatically denies
Commandant Schalk-Burger's allegations
of forcible removal and- exposure of sick
women and of rough an^/eriiel treatment
of women and children, "and 'says: .
LONDON, Jan., 17.— A blue book Issued
to-day on the subject of the concentration
camps' in South Africa contains further
detailed information . from ¦ Lord Milner,
the British High Commissioner, and Lord
Kitchener as to the causes of the exces
sive death-rate In the camps and refuta
tions of the. charges of cruelty.
The Rightists and Centrists warmly
protested against this view. ' General
Andre explained that promotion, like all
acts of executive' power, was necessarily
dependent on Parliament and that the
present system would not impair the
guarantees of the officers. The Chamber
by 308 .to 214 votes adopted a resolution
approving of General Andre's declara
tions.
. General Andre replied that he took the
system of promotion out of the hands of
the former army commission and assumed
the task himself because the commission
was an Irresponsible body, whereas the
Minister of War was a responsible per
sonage and the advancement of officers
was therefore in the hands of Parliament.
M. Lasles, anti-Semite, said the sug
gested measure was shameful. Cuneo
D'Ornano described the proposed . bill as
odious and declared* that General Andre
wished to cut France la twain.
At that stage of the proceedings General
Andre elicited an outcry from, the Right
ists and Centrists .and cheers from the
Leftists by announcing tha,t he was pre
paring a bill providing for the exclusion
of pupils of the schools of the congrega
tions from scholarships at the military
school. " ' "
The speaker said these Ministers had
by decrees Infringed the rights of the
officers; that General Andre, by assuming
the sole. right of promotion,' had decried
the democratic idea of advancement, and
that the officers' had no confidence in the
impartiality of the Minister, who was sub
ject to political influence. Officers, the
Deputy added, had been punished because
of their political opinions.
PARIS, Jan. 17.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Cuneo D'Ornano inter
polated the Government regarding al
leged violations of the military laws and
regulations governing | the promotion of
officers by General De Gallifet. the former
Minister of War, and by General Andre,
the present Minister of War..
MAKES CHARGES
AGAINST ANDRE
BRITISH EXPLAIN
BIG DEATH RATE
Neely was confronted with Reeves, who
reiterated his statement that Neely gave
him $4600 before laving to make the
books tally. Neely answered that th'n
was not so and said that he was with
an employe of the Postofflce at the hour
named by Reeves In his statement. .
Neely said he was charged with the
whole amount of the value of the stamps
delivered and that these he must account
for, either in stamps or money, when
called upon to do so. For this reason, ha
said, it made no difference whether these
Moya sales were recorded. Instead of
the stamps, he said, he had put tha
money in the vault.
Neely denied havinsr any interest In th«
Cowan Printing Company ot Muncie.
Ind., and said that he had not received
$3000 commission from the lock box com
pany that put in the lock boxes in the
navana Postoffice.
In answer to the Flscal's question as to
why he had made no such record Neely
explained that in so far as the new is3u»
of stamps was concerned records were
kept in his office, of the denominations
sold, in order that he might be in a
position to know what denominations to
order from Washington to replace the
stock. ' As for the matter of balancing
the account, the. stamps he ' turned over
to Moya had no bearing thereon. ..
C. F. W. Neely wa3 called and ex
amined by the Fiscal. .Neely said that
he received hla appointment from Wash
ington and that Kathbone had made him.
chief of the finance bureau of the Cuban
Postoffice Department, after the organiza
tion of the Cuban postal service. He said
that when the stamps were burned a cer
tain amount was reserved for Collector.-,
but that he did not know how many ana
that after the sales to Collectors fell oft'
he gave the surcharged stamps to Senor
Moya, Cuban stamp clerk in the Havana
Postoffice, instructing Moya to sell them.
He asserted that he took the money re
sulting from these sales and put it in
the vault. Neely made no record of these
stamps, nor did Moya make out a requi
sition for them. •:.'.•..
HAVANA, Jan. 17. — The cross-examina
tion of Estes G. Rathbone, ex-Director of
Posts of Cuba, at to-day's session of the
court which is trying the charges grow
ing out of the Cuban Postoffice frauds,
brought out no new facts.
Official at Havana Exam
ined in the Postoffice
Case.
It is also understood that a refusal on
the part of the Harriman people to accede
to the demands of the Goulds would mean
an alliance between tne Goulds and Sen
ator Clark, who would be able to give
the Goulds a Pacific Coast outlet by the
way of the projected Los Angeles-Salt
Lake line.
The purpose of the acquisition of the
Denver and Rio Grande and the Rio
Grande Western by the Goulds has be
come plain through the fight now in pro
gress. The situation is this: Through
their possession of the Rio Grande roads
the Goulds are laying claim to a large
percentage of the through traffic from
the coast. Should the Harriman people
refuse to turn over to the Gould connec
tions the amount of traffic the Goulds
think they are entitled to the result will
be problematical. Should the Goulds de
cide to get the amount of traffic they are
claiming their position entitles them to
rktes would undoubtedly be cut, as they
were in December, and the bulk of the
traffic would. go from" Ogden by the way
of Grand Junction and Pueblo, where it
would be delivered to the Missouri Pa
cific for StJ Louis and the East.
CHICAGO,* Jan. 17.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow will say: The Gould and Har
riman interests are engaged In a struggle
for transcontinental traffic which ¦ will
test to its utmost the strength of the
community of interests. The two inter
ests have been unable to get together, al
though several attempts have been made
recently. The executive officials of the
Colorado and Utah lines were unable to
settle their differences in meetings held
here and adjourned from day to day dur
ing the present week.
As a ¦ result of the unsettled condition
of traffic matters in Colorado and Utah
the officials of lines east of the river were
equally unable to make firm pledges that
rates would be maintained for another
month. The fight which the Goulds have
begun for recognition as a transcontinen
tal factor through the Ogden gateway is
the, explanation of the withdrawal of the
Missouri Pacific from the Colorado and
Utah Association and the refusal of its
officials up to date to re-enter, j
a Bitter Fight for Supremacy
Prevails.
Pwailroad Magnates Are at Odds and
GOULDS AND EABBIMAN
STRUGGLE FOB TRAFFIC
Sixth race— One mile, purse; four-year-olda
and upward.
3063 Janice ..... ..101 3140 Headwater ...111
3129 Vesuvlan ....114 3145 The Miller.... Ill
314,7 Th« Fretter..llt 3146 Edgardo .....111
Fifth race^ — Seven . furlongs, the -Woodland
handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
3148 Kitty Kelly... 96, (3027) Mercer .106
(3147)Sly US 8147 The Pride. . . .109
3140 Rey Dare..... 00 3152 Lapidus .....101
(3134)Pr. Titania... 92 1 (3116)Homestead ..113
' Fourth race— One mile and an eighth, the
McLaughlin selling stakes; three-year-olds and
(3 P wf)Horton .......104 3094 Frangible .... 97
3140 Constellator ..105 3074 Greyleld .....106
3152 Scotch Plaid.. 97 : .
. Min. Trosel...ll5 3138 Clarlnette 100
3130 Past Master. .106 3144 Ml Reina .112
3151 Arabo ...:... 103 3126 Honiton 109
3126 Len Reno 109 (3144) Thaddeus 115
" Nash Turner, the well known jockey,
will be here about February 1, Heis now
at" his home in Texas. , Turner is consid
ered the best rider of two-year-olds in the
'country. •.'--. •.".¦•. - '-:' ¦''¦'- '.
j .Little Redfern : will 'be seen in.the sad
dle here for only 'a short' time longer.
\Earlr next monthj»js'"expecte|a > to report
for duty at the Pepper ' stable In Ken
tucky. . . . * '.
After considerable delay at the .post,
"Dick" Dwyer dispatched the field in the
last event to undoubtedly the. prettiest
start of the meeting. The popular flag
•wlelder received .quite an ovation from
the -crowd.
Winnie O'Connor got a great move on in
the concluding race. He had the mount
on Lavatpr, and there were reasons for
his trying to make the first turn in ad
vance of his field. Winnie had a $240 com
bination winding up with the Nealon en
try and rode like a Comanche warrior.
Frank Doss had his bidding up clothes
on again yesterday. After Shell Mount
had won the third race, entered to. be. sold
for $400, Doss boosted the price to $S00.
The stable retained the three-year-old. ¦
The rich McLaughlin selling stake and
the Woodland handicap, each with a fine
field of starters, are the special fixtures
of the card this afternoon. A two-year
old scramble in which the crack Thaddeus
starts is also down for decision.
Following are the entries:
First race— Five furlongs, selling; three-year
°3082 Wand'g Boy.".109 3157 Kllldoe 104
Sl^O Halmetta' 107 315i Arigato 102
3150 Discovery ....107 3150 Bendara .....112
3150 King Herald. 100 2855 Sand de Lee. 107
£,00 TnKO 107 3138 Jacqueminot.. 107
3113 Ksternell H/.107 3150 Malaspina ...107
Second race— Futurity, course, selling; three
year-olda and ujjward.
3150 John Peters... 106 3130 Remora .....107
3069 Swt. Caporal.Ul 3140 Ural 100
(3143) Afghan 127 2986 Luca ........107
3130 Legal Maxlm.103 (2031)Haralamb ...12.5
3010 B. Bohmanson.109 3085 Dnndy 106
3132 S. ol Tarsus. .127 3107 Geo. Whitney.106
Third race — Four furlongs, purse; two-year
olds.
Track' ITotes.
BOSTON, Jan. 17.— Rev. Dr. . Kdward
Everett Hale, president of the I Lend-a-
Hand Society, which for months has been
collecting and shipping clothing, food and
other things to the Boer . prisoners held
by the British in Bermuda, recently sent
his assistant, the Rev. W. S. Key, tcU-Vlslt
the prison camps and report on the v tbn- v
ditions. Key, who has just returned, says
he was permitted to visit all the camps
on six islands and to talk at will with the,
prisoners. There are now about 5000, men
and boys In the prison laagers. All the
prisoners complained of having no cloth
ing .except what they wore when cap
tured. Some of them had not had a
change of underclothing for sixteen
months.
During Key's visit clothing was dis
tributed, but hats, caps, socks, towels,
handkerchiefs, underclothing, suspenders
and soap, needles, thread, buttons and
knives are badly needed. The short allow
ance of vegetables was complained of.
The Rev. Dr. Hale asks for contribu
tions of such food as oatmeal, cornmeal,
condensed milk, all kinds of cereals, tea,
coffee, peas, beans, rice, sago, evaporated
apples, canned corn, dessicated vegetables
and tobacco for the old men. Money is
also needed.
The Lend-a-Hand Society, Boston, re
ceives and ships all contributions.
Collects Supplies for the
Boer Prisoners in
\ '.'I '•'¦'¦ Bermuda.
NEELY EXPLAINS
ABOUT STAMPS
Jack Dean and Gus Saulsbury fought
four rounds to a draw. Both men fought
from start to finish. It was by far tho
best bout of the evening.
Tom Burke quit in the third round of
his bout with Charles Hawley. Burke
scored two knockdowns, but the body
blows he received took the fight out of
him.
Joe Reagan sent Mike Hart into dream
land in the second round -with a right
hook on the Jaw. The loser made things
hum until he lost his senses.
The Judges' decision in -the bout between
"Young Kid" McFadden and Ed Flnerty
met with disapproval. McFadden was
given the decision and the crowd hooted
until Referee Greggalns stated that the
decision was a just one. as McFadden was
the aggressor. Finerty came to life In
the last round and had his opponent
groggy. McFadden practically fought
himself to a standstill.
Dan Sullivan, an aggressive youth, who
reminded the spectators of Sharkey, bus
tled Mike Foy around tho ring for four
rounds and earned a decision. If Foy had
the least knowledge of boxing he would
have won easily, as Sullivan -was wild and
awkward in his movements. ,
"Kid" Parker ended the aspirations of
Billy Connelly In the second round. Par
ker proved his superiority and landed at
will. Connelly succumbed to a torrent of
jolts and swings.
John Crowe, the youth who put "Win
nie" O'Connor over the hurdles in boxinsj.
secured a decision over Dick Cullen after
four rounds of tame fighting. Cullen re
ceived a black eye for hts trouble.
Amateur boxers led strenuous' lives for
a time last night at the San Francisco
Athletic Club. There were seven bouts
and each one was replete with heavy
fighting. Plenty of gore was shed and
the spectators seemed satisfied.
Heavy Blpws Struck by A>
pinng Champions in an
Effort to Win the Prizes
Good Bouts Presented at
the San Francisco Athletic
Club's Monthly Exhibition
HALE ENGAGES
IN RELIEF WORK
BALTIMORE, Jan. 17.— George Dixon
and Joe Lipman fought twenty rounds to
a draw before the Eureka Athletic Club
here to-night. Lipman, • who is a Balti
more boy, had about twenty pounds , the
advantage of the veteran m weight, but
Dixon made it up -in reach arid science.
Dixon did most of the leading and landed
oftener than Lipman. but the latter came
up strong and in the last round knocked
the ex-champion all over the -ring. .
Dixon Fights Another Draw.
AMATEURS BOX
HARD AND FAST
FOR TROPHIES
The semi-annual meeting of the Aca
demic Athletic League was held last night
at the Olympic Club, President Charles
Harris being in the chair. The reports of
the committees on membership, finance
and records were read and adopted. -The
constitution as amended by the commit
tee on revision was read article by article
and approved. It was decided that the
present officers hold over until the next
annual election, which will take place In
August The report of the treasurer
showed the league is in an excellent finan
cial condition.
On the motion of the Rev. W. A. Brewer
it was determined to appoint a committee
to prepare a suitable memorial to ih-j
Commissioners of Golden Gate Park, re
questing them to provide a thoroughly
equipped ground for outdoor recreation,
especially track and field sports. "Ihe
president appointed a committee com
posed of Dr. W. A. Brewer. Charles D.
Snyder, F. N. Cattell and Theodore \os
burgh. President Harris will also serve
on the committee) It was suggested U>at
the proposed recreation ground should De
provided with suitable seats for specta
tors, and should be equipped in such a
manner as to make it one of the must
noteworthy monuments of California, a Jd
fully equal to anything of the kind In
any part of the world.
It was announced that John Elliott the
well known member of the Olympic dub.
has offered a trophy for the mile run, to
be contended for at the next regular meet
ing of the Academic Athletic League.
BAIT FBANCISCO CI.TJB
GETS JANTJARY PERMIT
The double team contest arranged by
the San Francisco Bowling Association
commenced last night, match games being
played in three alleys. The schedule calls
for games each week until March 5. The
bowlers met last night in Eugene, Coro
nado and San Francisco alleys.
The games played in Eugene alleys re
sulted as follows:
F. A. Smith 132 135 181
L. t>. Mayer .......143 1O7 172
W. Thcrmahlen 232 130 i- . 165
\f. G. Smith 200 18(J 173
F A. Smith 123 - 160 US
L. Mayer 127 113 141
A. Muller 118 172 137
H. Bi-.sfii 138 14a 157
F. A. Smith 169 1G9 152
L. B. Mayer. 135 140 134
L. Hlnck 144 132 147
H. Kui:st 137 130 107
In the Coronado alleys the players met
as follows:
W. H. Lee 145 140 154
W. H. Lux ....150 167 , 153
A. A. Ranzulo. 123 12:» 115-
Dr. Blandin 122 132 137
A. A. Rar.zulo 141 136 114
Dr. Blandin 121 134 128
Marc/Davis 162 105 141
Tom Harris- 157 179 167
XV. H. Lee 178 178 121
"VY. H. Lux 161 183 153
Marc Davis 124 108 12*
Tom Harris 140 163 167
In San Francisco alleys the games re
sulted as follows: - . -
Eacret 167 141 15»
Gott 141 167 208
Theburg 171 . 163 , 170
Harwood 137 136 160
Crawford 124 150 198
Minott 125 141 140
Leap 172 isr 170
Thorpe 183 1S» 224
Harwood 161 172 180
Theburg 134 178 191
Leap 138 185 107
Thorpe 159 1S7 178
Eacret ......157 153 157
Gott 120 150 ltf>
Crawford 172 192 201
Minott 158 145 14S
Leap 172 191 18-J
Thorpe ITS 1« 212
Eacret, 148 144 17ft
Gott 155 150 182
Crawford 131 180 165
Minott 164 1S.S 152
Theburg f 1« "5 131
Harwood 178 146 Ii4-
Gennania Schuetzen Club Meets.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Grermania Schuetzen Club was held last
evening at the Cafe Odeon. The annual
distribution of prizes of last year's medal
shoot and the election of officers took
place. Scores made were as follows:
First champion class. F. P. Schuster 2361
rings 'the largest score ever made in ten-shot
score in San Francisco): second champion, L.
Bendel 2133; first class. T. Brandt 2013; second
class 2017: third class. William Doell 1960;
best first shot, medals— T P. Schuster. 4; L.
Bendel 3: D. B. Faktor, 2; Dave Salfield. 1;
T Mason. 1; J. Klein: 1. Last best shot,
medal— T. P. Schuster. 2; Dave Salfleld. _'; J.
Utschls. 2; A. Jungblut. 1; U W. Ritzau. 1:
L Bendel. 1; Saul Hemo, 1; John Gefken. 1;
H. Huber, 1.
The following officers were elected;
President N. Ahrens; vice president, W.
Zlnkand: secretary. J. W. Goetze; treasurer,
T P Schuster: shooting masters, Herman
Huber and C. M. Henderson; trustees. Captain
S. Siebe; Adolph Hubcr; A. G. Hagedon.
A banquet was served after the meet
ing.
For the Jack Dempsey Fund.
The officers of the Jack Dempsey Me
morial Fund Association met last night
In the Columbian building. The move
ment has gained such headway that those
In charge are sanguine of success. The
sporting men In Butte have arranged a
big benefit for the fund. John F. Galvln
was selected by the officers as collector.
Committees have been appointed in the
various towns throughout the State.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. 17.— The
statement is published here to-day that
United States Senator Foster. Colonel
Thompson and other mining: men of Ta
coma have practically completed the pur
chase of the Marble Bay and other cop
oer mines of Texada. The consideration
mentioned is $478,000. It is said that the
scheme ot the purchasing syndicate in
cludes the establishment of iron works in
Tacoma.
Buy Texada Copper Mines.
on Tliree Petitions for Contests
Police Committee Postpones Action
to Be Held in February.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
granted a permit to the San Francisco
Athletic Club on Thursday to hold a pro
fessional boxing exhibition during Janu
ary. It is provided by an amendment sub
mitted by Supervisor Curtis that the
board may at any time before the date
of the contest revoke the permit If, in
the judgment of the board, the contest
shows evidence of collusion or fraud. The
fight will be between Gardner and Root.
The committee postponed action until
Us next meeting on the petitions of the
Yosemite Club. Pacific Coast Athletic
<"lub and the National Club to give ex
hibitions in February. Harry Corbett of
the Yosernite Club stated the contest he
had in view was between "Wild Bill"
Hanrahan and the winner of the Gardner-
Root fight. "Joe" Goddard of the Na
tional Club said his organization had the
same fight in prospect.
"Jim" Neil stated that the contest
scheduled by the Pacific Club was made
between the winner of the Jack O'Brien
and "Young: Corbett" bout or "Kid
Lavigne." Each club agreed to deposit
the $1200 license, but the committee was
unable to decide the respective claims.
The Bay City Club's petition to give an
amateur contest on January 28 went over
for one week. The law requires that
clubs giving contests must be members of
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Association.
The officers of the latter organization no
tified the board that the Bay City Club
was no longer a member. "Dan" Crum
ley stated that his club was not notified
of the meeting when It was dropped from
The roll of the association. The commit
tee ordered that the officers of the asso
ciation and manager of the amateur clubs
be cited to appear and explain their posi
tions next Thursday.
The Reliance Athletic Club of Oakland
offers a strong double bill of boxing next
Friday night. Toby Irwln and "Doc"
Flynn will fight fifteen rounds at 1*>
pounds, and Tommy Gilfeather and Billy
Snailham will go the same distance at 113
pounds.
Articles of incorporation of the National
Athletic Club were filed on Thursday.
The directors are Colonel Thomas F.
O'Neil. Joseph Goddard. M. H. Smith.
John Ferguson and G. J. Gibbs. The capi
tal stock of the new club is $3000, all of
which is subscribed.
Zeigler Wins From Leach.
SAVANNAH, Jan. 17.— Owen Zeigler
and Billy Leach of Chicago, welter
weights, met before the Savannah Ath
letic Club to-night for a twenty-flve
round contest. In the fourth round, after
I.«ach had been knocked down three
times, the referee stopped the fight and
gave the decision to Zeigler.
San Mateo Hunt Club.
The hounds of the San Mateo Hunt Club
will meet to-day at 2:30 p. m. at the Six
teen Mile House on the San Jose road.
Shell Mount seemed to have dropped
Into a soft place, in the-Futurity course
sprint and at oddsof 2 toodefeated Killdoe
handily. The latter cut out "the running,
tiring perceptibly, though, as the stand
was approached. Constable stood- a long
drive, just nosing out Arigato for the
third place. ,-, '
Elmwood Farm's The Giver ran a splen
did race in the seven-furlong selling num
ber for three-year-olds. A 6 to 5 favorite,
he was cut off on the turn right after the
start, compelling Mounce to go around his
Held. In the- run Milas.-.rldden by .0'Con7
nor, gave the firsts choice a strong argu
ment, losing by a neck only, although the
winner may have had a trifle to. spare.
Colonial Girl ; was third.
Making his first appearance of the sea
son in the concluding race, of the day,
Lavator, ridden by O'Connor and an even
money favorite, won all the way. Picador,
hard ridden by Bullman, 4 ran a close'sec
ond, three lengths before Duke of York II.
Nothing looked to have a chance with
Rollick in the mile selling event, and at
odds of 3 to 10 the Burns & Waterhouse
entry breezed home first. £>iomed appears
to have- gone back, for Tlzona at t>0 to 1
beat him three lengths for place honors.
The opening mile and 100-yard, race was
prolific of some' exceedingly warm tips,
among the hottest being. Osmond, Aloha
II, Antolee and Wolhurst. The latter
horse would undoubtedly have won had
"Handriding" Kelly not been almost left
at the post. After making most of the
pace, Osmond ¦ died away with . O'Connor,
finishing third. Ulloa, the Spreckels
"entry and 12 to 1, "won, ridden out from
Wolhurst. . • . - . V .
; Information seemed to be spread broad
cast on the j different events and tne
crowd was one of the largest of the week.
'Aside from the victories- of Ulloa and
Sister Jeanie, . favorites took every event.
In the Stockton handicap, decided
over six furlongs . at. Oakland .track yes
terday, the chestnut horse had a heaping
handful of weight off? from his previous
face, and. with Winnie: O'Connor up
closed a stanchly played 8. to 5 favorite.
Honest going . Frank ' Bell looked to have
more than his portion, ; and after leading
well Into the stretch* with 113 pounds,
gave up the lead to the 90 pounder. Sister
Jeanie. Master Redfern, on the Jatter
fllly, kept a' little up . his .sleeve all the
time and when O'Connor came wiih
Meehanus, held the first choice safe. He
won by half a length in 1:13. The win
ner did not possess a host of friends, her
odds drifting back to 7 to 1. • Kenllworth
was a. starter, but failed to get a piece
of the purse, though his race was a good
one. "''•'.'' ' ' '-' '* '"• *¦' '•'
¦f*^ AESAR YOUNG'S Bprinter Mee
ff hanus is a freaky sort of. fellow.
(L-: a He runs when • he feels like. it and
sulks as /the' humor, strikes " him.
'There was not a blow struck which
would have rocked a bantam's head.
"When the bout had progressed for two
and a half rounds, amid Incessant cat
calls, hisses and yells of "take them off."
and "fake," Referee Rocap stepped to the.
side of the ring and said he had been en- ;
gaged to referee a contest. j
"This is no contest," he said. The men'
took their corners and the contest was
over. i
Both Sharkey and the president of the
club attempted' to address the angry
crowd, but neither was permitted to
speak. The spectators were worked up
to such a pitch that they broke-' chairs
and benches in their endeavor to "get
even." It was little satisfaction for the
4000 /persons who had paid $2, $3 and to
for seats.
Jeffries and Fitzsimmons occupied seats
near the ring. ¦ . .
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 17.— Tom Shar
key and Peter Maher, who were heralded
to fight six rounds before the Industrial
Athletic Club for the championship of Ire
land at the Industrial Hall to-night, were
stopped by Referee Rocap In the middle
of the third round of one of the poorest
exhibitions ever given in this city. The
men had been arrested early in the even
ing and bound over in $3000 ball to keep
the peace. This dampened their ardor
and reduced the 'steam of their blows. ;
Contests Wi 1 Continue at
Regular Periods for Next
Three Months— Th3 Scores
Boxers Had Been Bound Over
to Keep the Peace and
. Obeyed Court's Injunction
Ulloa, Wi'h Twelve to One
Laid Againbt Her ihVthe
Books, Ea ; i'y Ga ns Victorv
Trophy f.r the Mile Run Is
Offered by a Well-Kr.oA : n
Director of Olympic Club
Academ c League to Reques 1
Commissioners to Equip
Field in Golden Gate Park
Doubles Tournament Starts
Under Favorable Auspices
in Several City Alleys
Redfern Rides His Mount to
Victory, in the Ch:ef Event
. of Yesterday at Oak and
Heavyweights Enter Ring
and Tap One Ano her for
Three Ineffectual Rounds
EOWLER3 MEET
VARIOUS TEAMS V
V IN COMPETITION
AMATEURS H:PE
TO GET GROUND
FOR ATHLETICS
REFEREE . STOPS }
THE SHARKEY
MAHER FIGHT
SISTER JEANIE
BEATS MEEHA^US
FOR A HANDICAP
WITH BOXERS AND HUNTING MEN
. . ...,-,¦. . ... ¦ . / ., ....
TH E SA3ST FRANCISCO. CALL,. SATURDAY, JANTJARY 1 8, / 1 902.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
5
_^^TM : EMPbBIu£; | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
$ J*,®'£ ars n 25c ; IIS BMroWIiy w -{^
g Nathan Hale ., Ow.s or R=- | Hgg* Slfo"^ lIr«e*S* W H| o! the Merced" en free cx-
¦f nown; on sale to-dav. W Anvcricala Oraj\dcfit Store "^i Mbhion here.
I _ : ; : — — — ; ¦ : : — : ¦
* To-day 9 & Atta* act! 6ns— Special sales of Clothing for Men, Women and
5 Children, Japanese Crepes, Dress Goods, Linens, Flannels, Underwear, Hosiery,
| Gloves, Laces, Ladies' Belts, Men's Furnishings, Candy, Cigars, etc. Magnificent oil
? painting on exhibition, and a Concert by the famous Emporium Orchestra and soloists
* at 7 ; 30 this evening. '-^ -'„'
g _ . . _ . . —
f; Japanese Crepes 12lo Striped Kisses, 20c.
*f For tO-day*S selling WC Offer a Splendid assortment (2OOO A toothsome, popular Candy that exclusive candy stores ask 50c per H»
|f yards to choose from) of genuine Japanese Crepes. A for, that we sell regularly for 35c; fresh mad; in ten flavors— vanilla,
J' dozen choice pirmansnt colorings in the '& &% / _- chocolate, wintergreen, violet, orange, lemon, molars !s, 4%^^^^
*\ lot. To-day (Saturday only) per yard . #4&^.C? peppermint, clove and pistache, on special sale to-day j£%J$2
J^ . ' : . ¦ " : * ~. .- ¦ . . •. dSm 1 only, per ll>....^. ••••....•••.
$ Clothing Sales. . GSove Sale* Furnishing Salem
j£ '.'¦'. Items from our' mammoth piirchas- The last day of Men's Neckwear — Four-in-hands, Im-
jf .'of the wholesa'e" stock of Schwartz & ' the b«t glove bar- .pcrials, p u ffs and Tecks, up-to-date
m « '¦ ¦¦ \t ' \r 1 . x<\ fflia / QS»^ sam we have ever * «¦»#»
g Co :f New York, v* &*&¥ /jr/ offcrei > ¦ the - S * ¦ °° W
Jf Men's $12.50 and J1S.C0 Suits— Hand- \r\[\ / 2r / ¦ ancco f n J an l rUnes Men's Unltundered Shirts, good linen
J -some hew style winter fabrics, \^o4 / Ki^GloraPm bosom » reinforced, now 37 O
% > for. ..........;..... .$8m45 \yy / street and even- Men's $ i. oo stiff bosom Percale Shirts
$ : Men's $17.50 /and $20.00 Suits— Blue Y / / bgcolorings; now gg o
» j'l 1 1 i_ • < 1 // / / \ ~- being dosed out: «» , n , , — , .,.,.
. . and black chev.ots, fancy worsteds, /// jS Vv Those that were Men's $1.00 Pleated Golf Shirts, now
If- . tweeds and cassimeres ... $10*8 5 /////VvVvS, ? 1 ' 00 &Si;2 5 • * * • • • * • 69°
$ Men's $12.50 Overcoats— All-wool Ox- ///// \Wi ,J or ' C 69 ° Men ' s 75 C Fleeced L : ned Merino Un-
ff-- • c j l "• .', ., „ ///// WW Those that were - T ' J e __
jf ford gray cheviots, si.k velvet collars, (JjiSfZ O*w? $1.50 &$i. 7$ derwear, for 49o
*£ : ; satin sleeve lining. .'.'.. ...$8»45 %J£rF tor * _ QSo Men's 50c Imported lisle Hose 25o
if— ——^- ; — % —
J£ Best French Mixed Candy — The 50c quality — we sell it regularly, made fresh every day, per lb 35 O
Where It Belongs
The refinement of quality and the perfect
development of America** best whiskey—
i ZJ-" ~" m " "M ' ¦
-¦• ¦ E B -^ ji m «4- fiy
f*lS" ; '3?3 * RaliitunfP
t|?£|3§j§ odiiiiiiurc
fji£iJbr£& a Z<£££A@m. place it where it |ust!y
[|&1pK^^j[~~^S8|i5s3 belongs, viz.: In the cellars
ipFl^fcl^liifi ° nd bu??cts oI those who
Wsl$$5d$&!h Knmu tho RoQt
Like the Bec-t
CHRISTY Be WISE COMMISSION CO., Ino., .
223-225 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
• . Telephone Main 873. . ; ;;-."Every time the County Clerk stops to
make one of those promises he loses about
two pounds, wets three or four handker
chiefs and goes his joyless way leaving a
puddle of tears and perspiration that* will
give the janitor a chance to make part of
his trip around the hall in a gondola. Say,
that office of his looks like Denny Sulli
van had been playing the hose on it for a
week. .
"The day the old push packed up their
carpet bags, lead pencils, cuspidors, ink
wells, and every other old thing that be
longed to the city and done a side step
Into the cold world so the other bunch of
tax-eaters could get to the public trough,
Mahony was strutting around here like a
prize pig at the World's Fair. I got a gap
at his nobs this morning and he comes
through with a front that looks like an
Imitation of Patsy the Macer making a
touch. All that swell front and the en
larged skypiece Is missing.
"It must have been an awful blow. One
of those wallops that makes a guy stay
weight of his last earthly troubles
wouldn't be heavy • enough to keep him
where he belonged.
If Prince Henry of Prussia takes in all the grand
welcome that New York is preparing for him ¦ he will
return'hbme with a head on him bigger than that /of
tha ICaiser.' - '--•-"'.r. ' .-.
• MEERSCHAUM-A. , : L, . G., ; Alameda,
Cal.; To- color a meerschaum . pipe tho
bowl is ordinarily boiled m a' preparation
of wax,' which is 'absorbed, and a' thin
coat of .the wax Is held on : the surface of
the pipe and made to take a high polish.
Under. the. wax is retained the oil of to
bacco which is absorbed by the pipe, and
its hue grows ' darker itv proportion to the
amount of , tobacco , used. A meerschaum
pipe should at 'first be smoked t very slow
ly, and" before : a second bowlful is lighted
theipipe .should ,be; allowed , to • cool off.
This is to keep the 'wax as ¦ far as uossi-
The proposed establishment of a permanent census
bureau is an attractive scheme on the face of it, but
those who claim to be able to see through it declare
it is only a trick to give employment to a lot of
census bureau clerks for whom the Government has
no further use.
According to one report Senator Platt is threat
ened with paralysis, and according to another Senator
Quay is writing an autobiography; and it is now
up to the debating societies to decide which of the
two is in the more perilous condition. _ -
Texas has several counties without oil wells and
upward of forty without lawyers. Gushers and spout
ers, it seems, are not plentiful enough to go' round in
a State as big as that.
BLIND GEORGE— M. F. C, City. This
department has not been able to find any
record of the doings«of. the "Wolf en Ver
ein, a secret society that had for its pur
pose the reinstatement upon the throne
of the Hanoverian King 'Blind George.* "
"Blind George" died In 1878; there < was a
society that wan ted, to sustain the claims
of his son, Ernest Augustus, the Duke of
Cumberland, but . that Individual ' In 1S92
publicly renounced ; all claims to the
throne. .. ".¦••X-"' "• -
St. Louis purposes to make airship contests a
marked feature of her exposition next year, and con
sequently the people of the Mississippi Valley will
see queer things hovering in the air all summer. Even
as far off as Chicago those who arc careless in their
tirinks may frequently see sights that will lead them
to believe they have got 'em again.
BREAKING OFF AN ENGAGE
MENT—T. C. W., City. The. giving of a
ring known as an engagement ring Is
customary, but not absolutely necessary.
If the lady for reasons which seem good
to her breaks oft the engagement sho
should do so by letter and at the same
time return to the gentleman with the
letter anything she may have received
from him in the way of photographs,
letters or gifts which she may have re
ceived during the engagement. When the
letter Is acknowledged by the gentleman
he should send to her any picture, letter
or presents he • received from the lad"
A lady -would not- care to have any re
minder of the', man she was once en
gaged to if she felt that if, Bhe did not
break off the engagement her happiness
would be compromised, and therefore
would not hesitate, to give him those
presents back; yet there is this to say
that a present freely given is the proo^
erty of the one who received it and thts
recipient would be justified In retaining
the same. The gentleman migjit aak that
"she give those presents back," and if
she did not he might commence an ac
tion for the recovery of the same, because
there is no law to prevent a man from
conamencins an action, no matter in what
ridiculous light , he might* by such a
course place himself. If neither Da -tv
should consent to breaking off the en
gagement then the probabilities are that
the inaxriage will ta.ke place. .
BASEBALL LINES— Twirler, San Mar
tin, Cal. In a baseball field the distance
between home plate and first base Is
ninety feet, the same between first and
second base. The I distance between the*
pitcher's box and home plate Is 63.945 feet
and the backstop Is 'ninety feet from the
home nlate. For 10 cents you can get a
copy of an official baseball guide which
will give you the rules for laying out a
baseball field. • -
THE RAILROAD— W. M., Santa Rosa.
Cal. In Poor's Railroad Manual you will
find an account of the Central Pacific
Railroad and the Southern Pacific Com
pany that will give you the history of
both roads, the amount in which the Gov-*
eminent assisted by finance and land,
and the present condition of the finan
cial standing of each road., ,?;.:.'> '%:¦'¦',
A curious illustration of the morbid fondness of
some people for crime is reported from Paris. The
police authorities recently offered for sale a number
of jewels and trinkets which had been connected with
criminal cases, and it was found that they brought
prices far above their intrinsic value, owing to the
number' of bidders who were eager to have something
associated with a famous murder or other crime. •
"As the thing reached the base of tha
hill it paused a minute, and we saw a
large Jackrabbit completely encircled
about the body by two blacksnakes, which
must have measured five feet at least.
The rabbit was tearing at the snakes with
his teeth in a frantic effort to free him
self. The three rolled over and over upon
the ground until they were within a Few
feet of the water's edge. Suddenly the
jack must have got a lucky tooth jab Into
some part of the snakes' anatomy, for one
of the reptiles sprang through the air and
landed out into the water. The ' other
realizing that it had to battle all alone
with the ferocious jack, after holding on
a moment quickly unwound itself and went
up the hillside, with the rabbit in hot pur
suit. They v/ere soon lost to view. The
snake which had been thrown into the
river swam to the opposite bank and also
disappeared."
"I live near New Creek, a branch o£ the.
Potomac River. One day I and several
friends were sitting on the banks of the
river, fishing, when we were startled by
the noise of breaking branches behind us
and up the wooded hillside. Suddenly
there came Into view a rapidly- revolving:
ball of gray and black, which was spring
ing high into the air.
G. Henry Hosack. of Keyser. W. Va., in
describing an encounter of this kind,
which' he says was witnessed by himself
and several friends a few years ago, said:
It is a well-known fact that the black
snake, when hungry, will prey upon birds
or any animal which it can overpower in
its deadly coils. A jackrabbit la. how
ever, considered a tough proposition, and
for a pair of snakes to develop an ambi
tion to conquer one ipC the full vigor of
health is rather an exhibition of valor.
A story of a remarkable fight cornea
from the jackrabbtt corners of West Vir
ginia.
Rabbit Whps Snakes.
JAPANESE RELIGION-Nimrod, Cit.,\
By the constitution of Japan absolute
freedom of religious belief and practice Is
secured so long, as it is not prejudicial to
peace and order. The religion of the Jap
anese is the Shinto or Kami no Mlchi (the
way of the gods), the indigenous faith with
its twelve sects, .and . Buddhism with Its
twenty-five creeds, Introduced from China,
A.D.553. ' ••¦^v>
Nothing more clearly marks : the development of
the spirit of humanity among civilized men than this
increased sensitiveness to. the sufferings of others
and the augmented sense of a responsibility "to public
sentiment arising ¦ from that sensitivenesA. So om-
The incident is a striking illustration of • the' : ; in
creased force' of public opinion and ofrttie^great' de
gree to which the most powerful nations "and 'states
men feel themselves responsible to the of
mankind. At the beginning of the last " century . few
people would have concerned themselves about the
sufferings entailed by such a war as that in the.Trans
vaal; and those who did concern themselves about
the matter would have had but little "response to
their appeals for a larger humanity in" the. conduct
of. war. Their criticisms would have :• fallen : upon
deaf ears. No nation engaged in the Napoleonic con
tests of that time was sensitive* to what' other- people
said of its tactics in the struggle, and no statesman
would *have thought of paying attention to foreign
criticisms had they been uttered.. '
There can be no doubt that the utterance of the
King and the cheers of the Lords were due to the
controversy now raging between the British and
their Continental critics concerning >the conduct of
British troops in the South African campaign.'
Cheering in the House of Lords during a speech
from the throne is something like a breach of eti
quette. It is so great a violation oi ancient precedent
that the officials of the House were dismayed by its
occurrence, and, 'notwithstanding the' evident satis
faction of the King, they signaled deprecations of the
outburst. Evidently, then, the have felt '.very
acutely the attacks made upon the army arid are 1 in
no mood to treat criticism. with silent contempt. ;'
KING EDWARD, in his speech from tHe
throne at the opening of Parliament, com
mended his troops in South Africa not only
for their courage, but for "cheerfulness in the en
durance of hardships incident to guerrilla warfare,
and a humanity, even to their own detriment, in their
treatment of the enemy, which are' worthy of the
highest' praise." We are told that when the words
were uttered the peers, peeresses and high officers of
state broke out into a prolonged cheer, • which was
repeated again and again.'';/?/.;' --
NITRO-GLYCERIN— J. E. S.. Aromas.
Monterey County, Cal. NItro-glycerin is
an oily, colorless liquid, with a specific
gravity of 1.60. It has no smell, has a
taste that at first is sweet, but soon be
comes pungent, like pepper. v It is made
by mixing 100 parts of fuming nitric acid
at 50 degrees Baume with 200 parts of sul
phuric acid; when cool thirty-eight parts
of glycerin are added, allowing it ¦ to
trickle slowly down .the sides of the ves
sel. The glycerin remains on the surface
for hours without mixing. The glycerin
and add are stirred with a glass rod for
ten seconds and poured Into twenty times
its volume of water, when the nltro-gly
cerin will instantly be precipitated to the
extent of seventy-six parts, or double the
amount of glycerin employed. It is re
peatedly washed with water and then sat-,
urated with bicarbonate of soda or lime.
It has been found that pure nltro-glycerin
dropped on a thoroughly redhot Iron as
sumes a spheroidal shape and flashes off
into vapor in the same way as gunpow
der,- but if the iron Is not redhot — only
hot "enough to cause the nltro : glycerin
to boll suddenly, an explosion takes place.
Nitro-glycerin will explode by concussion.
HUMANITY IN WAR.
INDIAN TRIBE — Nlmrod, City. The
published list of Indian tribes of North
America does not give the name of either
Miscaleno or MIscalero. The nearest to
either name is the Misalahs, who at one
time inhabited the territory, between Fort
Ross and San Francisco Bay, and the
Miskanas, who dwelt near the San Buena
Ventura Mission.
.It is said by the advocates of the' system that the
failure is due wholly to the. lack of a legal method of
making; contributions compulsory. They assert that
if the contributions had been kept up there would,
have been perpetually an ample sum to provide pen-,
sions for each in turn as the time came for retire
ment. Under the voluntary system, however, there is
no means for maintaining the contributions up to the
required amount. The failure, therefore, is said to be
not so much a failure of*!he pension system as of the
voluntary contribution system. •; At this distance we
are not able to pronounce judgment upon the plan
nor upon the manner in which it was managed, but in
the East, t!ie opinion seems to prevail that the scheme
of providing. pensions for? retiring teachers by con
tributions from those remaining in the service is im
practicable.under existing laws. y-.- .
to' the reports that come to us the great
est discontent with the system is due to the fact that
the withdrawal of so many members from the scheme
has brought it about that even if the pensions were to
be continued those who contributed most "would re
ceive least. The younger teachers -who entered the
scheme when first undertaken have paid their contri
butions into the fund right along, and thus provided
pensions for. the older teachers who resigned. Now,
however, that the' contributions 'have^ diminished,. the
younger 'teachers perceive that they cannot possibly
receive :the same amount of pension as the older
teachers have been getting, and, furthermore, that
there is an increasing danger the entire fund may ' be
exhausted, long before it comes their turn , to be pen
sioned/ and so they may lose their money altogether'.
FROM Chicago comes a report that the teach
ers' pension, scheme undertaken there with such
sanguine expectations a few, years ago has
proven to be a virtual failure.' It appears . that "a
large number of teachers who entered into it with
high hopes have grown weary of paying assessments
and have withdrawn. The consequence is the pen
sions have been scaled down by degrees until they
now amount to less than half what was at first prom
ised.; Of course each reduction in" the pension has in
creased the dissatisfaction, and the scheme is about
to collapse. '
TEACHERS' PENSIONS.
The canal route and rights which the Panama
company has put on the national bargain counter
seems to have been too much for the Senators. They
may not decide to take it, but they cannot pass it by
without looking at it and feeling of it.
HIGH BAND COLLAR— A. O. S., City.
A high band collar with black necktie is*
hardly etiquette at a strictly fashionable
function. There is, however, no reason
why a gentleman should not wear such
when accompanying a lady • to a theater
or while attending an ordinary . function
at which ladles are present.
Last year was a great year for the establishment of
trusts and syndicates, and this year will probably be
noted for the way in which it thins out the. weak ones
and compels the strong to be conservative. „.
DOUBLE PEDRO — Constant Reader,
City. The game of double pedro is gov
erned by the laws of the place in which
the game Is played. Generally a player
cannot be made to throw down his cards
after two or three rounds. He can play
till he has no more cards.
JOE JEFFERSON— G. and T. L., Oak
land, Cal. Joe Jefferson appeared in
"Rip Van Winkle" at»the California Thea
ter from June 3 to 15, 1878, and in "The
Rivals" t at the Baldwin from March 7 to
20, 1892. I
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived:
£an Francisco — A. Neuman, J. Brew
ster, at the Herald Square; A. R. Patrick,
at the Earlington; J. Kahn, at the Hoff
man; W. S. Martin, at the Holland.*
Los Angeles— R. Sharp, at the Continen
tal. i v •
ble upon the pipe, as rapid smoking will
overheat, driving the wax off. A new
pipe should never be smoked out of door3
except In extremely cold weather. Fill
the pipe and smoke down about one-third
or to the height to which you wish to
color the pipe; leave the remainder of the
tobacco in the pipe and do not disturb it
for several weeks or until the desired
color is obtained. When smoking put
fresh tobacco in the bowl, that is, on the
residue, and smoke down to that level. •
Calif ornians in New York.
QUOTATION-Subscriber, City. "To
read and write comes by nature" is from
"Much Ado About Nothing," act IIT,
scene 3, spoken by Dogberry to" the sec
ond watchman.
GASOLINE— Constant Reader, City.
The placing of gasoline in an iron tank
that had contained ' salt water would not
produce any deleterious effect upon it.
CRIBBAGE— H. M., City. In the case
cited. B in the last play of four scores a
run of five (1-2-3-4-5) and in addition to the
run gets a point for last play.
STATUTE OF LIMITATION— W., Oak
land, Cal.- In the case of a mortgage the
statute of limitation commences to run
from the date of. maturity.' '
RAILROAD COLLEGE— L, City. At
one time the Pennsylvania Railroad had a
railroad college in which instruction in
railroading was given.
The present law has the right of way, and maybe,
after all, we are safer if we travel with it in the middle
of the road for another period. *
Perhaps Mr. Loud's proposition may be the best
solution of the problem, for problem it is, though as a
policy it seems so plain and proper to the people of
this coast. The views of the East and South have to
be consulted, and while we would cordially indorse
violation of the treat}' here, if necessary to secure
protection against the coolie invasion, that sentiment
.evaporates in the ratio of distance from Pacific Coast
sentiment
There are some obligations which are not nullified
even by the defensive and precautionary fervor of
our people on the subject. Our Supreme Court has
established the principle that our right to exclude
derives from an international treaty with China. True,
we can break that treaty and China cannot resist its
violation, but it is not seriously argued that such an
act conforms to the honor or dignity of this republic.
As long, then, as we recognize the treaty we must
keep faith according to its terms and not exceed them
in any proposed legislation.
If any of the entirely' new acts is passed it must
undergo the same processes of judicial and execu
tive interpretation. Its enforcement will be impaired
by doubts as to the meaning of its provisions. It
must be construed by the terms of our treaty with
China, as the present law has been, and also by its
conformity to our own constitution and to inter
national law. This is a deliberate and costly process,
and when it is finished there may well be doubt that
we have secured any better exclusion measure than
the existing one, which has already gone through the
refining fires of interpretation.
IN discussing the new bill to exclude Chinese Mr.
Loud of California makes a suggestion that may
well be considered. He favors, personally, the
re-enactment of the existing law for an indefinite
period, giving as his reason that all of its provisions
have been subjected to executive and judicial inter
pretation and are now being beneficially applied to
the purpose for which the law was enacted. No fur
ther interpretations remain to be made. The officers
who are enforcing the law know just what it means,
;.nd its administration is not hampered by uncer
tainty as to its provisions. That it is so administered
as to effect its purpose is not questioned. The re
duction of our Chinese population under its opera
tion is the most efficient testimony to its usefulness.
The King smiled. When th© King
smiles the courtiers look pleasant.
"Well," he said, "there's one royal offi
cial whose presence we can ' dispense
with at the coronation."
"Kindly name him, your Majesty," said
the commandant of the Beefeaters. '
"It Is the grand weather prognosticaa
tor," replied the monarch and his smila
deepened.
"And why will he be omitted?" in
quired the royal mace bearer.
"Because," said the King as he gave
them the merry ha, ha, "because the
crown is the only Old Probabilities that
we need. Just as soon as it goes on.it
indicates the beginning of a lively reign!'*
Then they all laughed together. — Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
"Er — what kind of cigars do you smoke,
Henry?" asked Mrs. Newed, cautiously,
little suspecting that Henry knew that
Christmas was In her mind.
"Six for a nickel, my dear," he replied.
"Any grocery keeps them."
He was determined she should waste a3
little money as possible.— Columbus Jour
nal.
Church— Do you think there Is any
thing in environment? -
Gotham— My, yes! I know a man who
wears an 13 collar who- resides at Great
Neck, L. I.— Yonkers Statesman.
"No," answered the political reformer;
"1 have suspected the existence of vice
for a long time. "What shocked me was
the discovery that an old political enemy
of mine was drawing the profits." —
Washington Star.
'9 .'¦'¦' ¦ • ' ; ¦ ,•'¦... . /
"I understand that you were very much
shocked by the discovery of vice In your
city."
"Oh. I suppose some woman traveled
over it on her way to a summer resort
along about the time they were trying to
think up a name for it."— Chicago Record-
Herald. -
"Pa, why do- they call this railroad a
trunk line?"
"I think not," replied the seasick man
near by. "I don't remember having eaten
a brigantlne."— Philadelphia Press.
"Isn't that a brigantlne that's just com
ing up?" inquired the first passenger.
.THE ALAMEDA— S., City.' The ferry
boat Alameda was built on the Potrero
of San Francisco and launched on the 2d
of December, 1865..
CHINESE EXCLUSION.
Jacob . Eppinger, the well-known grain
broker of this city, who has been danger
ously ill at the Palace Hotel for several
weeks, is now convalescent. -V
Edward Chambers, freight manager of
the Santa Fe, with headquarters at Loa
Angeles. Is at the Palace.
J. C. Kirkpatrick, Harbor Commissioner
and manager of the Palace Hotel, has re
turned to the city;
1 James Steward, a cattleman of . Butte,
Mont, is at the Russ, accompanied by
his wife.
G. W. Patterson, a banker of Fresno,
Is at the Lick.
S. S. Bradford, a capitalist of Sonora,
Is at the Russ.
C. B. Jellson, a -mining man of Napa,
Is at the Grand*
Thomas Clark, a mining man of Placer
vllle, is at the Grand.
W. W. Douglas, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
W. W. Campbell of the Lick Observa
tory Is at. the California.
R. M. Green, a druggist and mine
owner of Oroville, is. at the Lick.
Palace.
J. Grover of Colusa is at the Grand.
G. W. Hudson of New York Is at the
"I was out to Langley's yesterday. He's
lidded quite an Improvement to hla
home."
"Wings?"
"No, twins." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
NEW YORK FIRE j DEPARTMENT—
Manhattan, City. The New York paid
fire ' department was organized' May 2,
1865. . •
PERSONAL MENTiqN.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It is to be borne in mind of course that these
statements of* the inadequacy of the roads to handle
the traffic of the country were made as parts of a
showing in favor of big combinations and of the ab
sorption of small roads by larger ones. When ample
allowance is made for that fact, however, there re
mains enough of force in the description given of the
laxk of facilities to excite interest in the problem set
forth. Evidently Mj\ Hill believes we are to have a
new era of railroad construction as . well as of rail
way consolidation. He gives no intimation of who
will undertake the new enterprises, but' it would seem
he is quite sure they will be forthcoming. As he
says, "the West must have them or suffer." Such
being the case, railroad developments will be watched
more closely than ever. There is no telling what the
great syndicates may have up their sleeves. : '
Mr. Hill is quoted as saying: "A careful examina
tion of the railway problem from a national stand
point will, I believe, show beyond question that the
business of the country has outgrown the facilities
on most of the trunk lines, and that new facilities not
now apparent will be necessary to relieve the situa
tion. * * * Conditions in this country change
very rapidly. * * * To-day we find the volume
of traffic so great east of Chicago that the railways
are not able to move it under the present conditions.
How will these conditions be changed, and at whose
cost? Who will build new lines or increase old ones?
These are the questions which I will not undertake
to answer, further than to say that the West must
have the facilities or suffer for the want of them.
The public must bear in mind that a bankrupt road
cannot furnish good service."
MR. JAMES J. HILL, m a recent interview' in
which he once more repeated his often ex
pressed conviction that railway combinations
are not only beneficial to the public, but are actually
necessary to the welfare of industry and trade, went
on to speak of the congested state of transportation
throughout the country as presenting a problem
whose solution will require extensive railway, con
struction. It would appear, then,. that the evil of
which so much complaint has been heard all through
the fall is of much greater magnitude than has been
supposed. '¦'.
THE RAILWAY PROBLEM.
. If it be true, as reported,- that Washington City. has
become the most attractive winter resort in America,
it must be that the people in the East are .'so eager
seeking office they, haven't time to- hunt a- good
SATURDAY ....... JANUARY 18, 1902
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS. froprietor^
ICtnts AH rommcBietlioss U W. 8. LEAKS. Xar*?«r.
<l t\AGER'S OFFICE! Telephone Pren 2O4
ILULICATIOX OFFICE... Market find Third, S. F.
Telephone Pren 201.
: DITORtAL rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pren» 202.
Delivered »•«• Currier*. 15 On<« Per Wrek.
Sin trie Cople*. 5 Cent* - —
Terrnn br Mall. InclnJInc Poataarei
CALL (Including Sunday), cue year M.O*
I'ATLT CALL flndufiinr Eu^aj). 6 i »th» ».oo
DATLT CALL <lncludlnr Sunday). J months l.Sfl
-**TI/r CAU^By Sins'* Month 1 «Sc
FTNDAT CALU One Tear l.»
«TEKLT CALL. Om Tear l-«
AH postmaster* nre nulhorlied to receive
•mbftcrlptfon*. /•;*.
Cunci* copies will be : awarded when request ed.
If all nilwsertbT* in erderit e rh&nr* of addm* ehinld b«
r articular to clve both /JEW AXD OLD ADDRESS in order
m insure a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
»AiaA\D OFFICE X11S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXTCSS.
lTttir.tr Foreign lirertiiiEf. MtrqnttU BnildiBg. Cfclnp.
CLcre Distance Telephone "Central ZGVt")
NEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOtf. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPnE\ B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building:
NEW TORE NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaoo, SI Union Square:
U.iny Hill HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cberman Haste: V. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
I rtmcct House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON O>. C.\ OFFICE. . . .i4Of? G St.. N. W.
1IORTO.N' E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
DRAXCII OFFICES^— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
estll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. £15 Lark'.n. open until
? :*0 o'clock. 1541 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. SMI Market,
•¦orner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1091 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. " IC< Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
earner Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea until 9 o'clock.
CM Flllmor*. open until In, n.
SAT, thl3guy
Mahony can
do more po
litical flip
flops in . a s holy
minute than a
high-priced cir
cus actor can
toss off in a
year," said Lefty
Bannon to his
friend, "Pegleg"
, Daily, as he
; stood , warming
his feet against
the heater in the
corridor outside
the County
Cler k's office.
"On" de square,
dls dump around
here is getting
as cold as one
of those bows
Herrin passes out
'"to an office-hold
er who has lost • his job. Say, the
only warm thing in the vicinity of this part
of the hall is the County Clerk himself.
If those newspaper guys keep after him
much longer about that slip of paper he
made his mark on when he dealt the bunk
to Billy Deane he'll be. throwing up the
sponge and ducking out to Holy Cross to
wear a stone chest protector for fear the
"TVell, I guess I'll have to choke off
this spiel now. Here comes Abe Ruef, and
me and Abe got to have a heart to heart
talk about getting Jim McElroy a job in
the Sheriffs office. Jim has a bad habit
of staging 'Oh Promise Me' every time
he gets a little skate on and he can't sing
that song and hold down a job In the
County Clerk's "office."
"Two or three cf them Butebertown
beef killers have promised to hand Ma
hony a bunch of fives the first time they
collide on the path and they swear they'll
be Johnny on the Spot with the goods,
just to show Mahony they don't go back
on their word. Say. it's funny. One • of
these guys has an arm en him like a bar
rel and a rnit as bis as a Dupee ham.
Ever since he went into office Mahony
has become a vegetarian. lie can't eat,
meat because it brings up memories of
Butchertown. H shies at a meat wagon
like a skittish hoise at a man in a shirt
waist.
on the floor the flmit alnt a marker to
the jolt Mahony got when they sprung
that unredeemed •pledge on him. Say. lfd
a four dollar dog against a brick watch
that Bert wont promise himself a clean
shirt for fear his shadow will hot foot him
around till he makes good.
ThiS is the most serious question that has arisen
since the constitutional perpetuity of the Government
was questioned by the South before the Civil War.
It so seriously affects American interests and domes
tic, production, and the whole policy of protection,
as to require re-argument in the courts, and if the
power claimed be found in the constitution the neces
sity of amending that instrument will become an
issue in our politics.
Therefore, it will be seen that, as -government is
non-existent without the taxing power, and wherever
that power is deposited is the actual government, if
the Senate and the President hold that power exclu
sive of the House, they are the government, and we
have a system consisting of an Executive and a legis
lative-body of one house only. ••
By parity of reasoning a tariff treaty becomes a
revenue bill, and the constitution says that such bill
shall originate in the House. Yet this'modern inter
pretation cuts the House out of any and air jurisdic
tion over the revenue, removes the subject from pub
lic discussion in the cpen Congress and takes it be
hind closed doors in executive sessions of the;Sen
ate to; be settled by that body, arid' the President.-
Again,' if the Senate and Executive by treaty may
lower or remove duties, they max, by the same means
raise them. If such jurisdiction- exist at all, it applies
both ways, and its use is without limitation. '. 'f '..
It seems plain that this declares the enactment of
revenue bills to be a legislative act, and. among the
powers deposited in the whole Congress. Vi The Sen
ate is given only concurrent powers over such legist
lation, and nothing seems clearer than that . it was^
never intended that*- tbCSenate shouLdf upetits?:treatyt,
making pewer to nullify an act of the whole* Congress'
relating to revenue. /
Our Federal constitution says that all legislative
powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress
of the United States, which shall consist in a Senate
and House of Representatives, and that all bills for
raising revenue shall originate in the House of Rep
resentatives, but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments, as en other bills. ...,'.. T -.-..,
If the President and Senate by treaty can reduce
a tariff 10 per cent they can reduce it 106 per cent,
removing it altogether. This is perfectly plain. If
that authority exist in the treaty-making power it
exists without limitation. If the constitution permit
it, then the constitution establishes a Government
consisting of the President and the Senate. The
highest function of government is in its . power of
taxation. Without that there is no government.
To illustrate: Congress may pass a tariff law
establishing rates of duty and designed to N yield
revenue lequired for the support of the Government.
The House may remain unchanged in its' majority,
favoring the continuance of such a tariff, b"ut the
Senate may change and with the Executive favor free
trade. It is seen at once that the President and Sen
ate may in such case make and ratify commercial
treaties that repeal every paragraph of the tariff, re
move all protective features and practically establish
free trade, compelling the Government to resort to
direct taxation and to increase the internal revenue
taxes in order to secure the revenue required for its
support.
The latter branch, however, has steadily en
croached upon this equality of the House. The first
step taken was the placing in the hands of the Sen
ate and the Executive of the' power to conclude
treaties of reciprocity, which voided the rates of duty
established in. a tariff act.
No one seems to have given expression to the
effect of such a transfer of power.
This raises an issue that is destined to figure very
largely 'in Congress and the courts. The constitu
tion requires that revenue bills originate' in' the
House, and " from 1789 until .within 'the last few
years that provision has been construed to' give the
House power over such legislation, at least equal to
that. of the Senate. '
AT the close of the first day's hearing given to
the Cuban junta by the House Committee of
Ways and Means a, member of the, committee
said that a Senator had declared that £the .^Senate
would settle the tariff as to Cuba, ana r th% r; House
would have nothing to do with it. To this Mr. Dal
zell of Pennsylvania replied: "He will_find out dif
ferently before he gets through." I L -.' ¦
SAYS LEFTY BANNON, "MAHONY"
CAN'T EAT MEAT SINCE ELECTION.
Humanity, in fact, is no longer an unimportant
feeling among civilized men. . Slowly but" surely it is
working to put an end to war:by developing an ab
horrence of the evils that attend wars. Public.senti
ment on such subjects is 'no longer despised. Nations
feel their responsibility to it iand kings from their
thrones appeal to it.
War can never be made lenient. Its object is to"
destroy, to kill and to crush. Its methods must
necessarily be harsh. It is evident, however, that
civilization has come to look upon it with something
of abhorrence and to insist that it be waged with
some respect for life and property. Weyler's methods
in Cuba stirred Americans into a war for the libera
tion of Cuba, and yet they were nothing like so se
vere as the methods pursued by the conquerors of
times past;. and it is safe to say that there is not a
single nation in Europe whose troops have not com
mitted excesses far grosser than the worst that have
been committed in South Africa. That sad truth was
revealed in the conduct of the allies in putting down
the Boxer uprising in China, and yet even in that
far-off war there was a strong public sentiment that
held to account the generals and the Governments
that permitted the outrages.
found an impression had been made upon the. British
people by the 'criticisms ; of . Continental. Europe upon
Kitchener's tactics that Xhamberlain was stung to a
sharp reply. His words had no other effect than that
of increasing the intensify of the criticisms, especially
in Germany; and now the King himself has found it
necessary in the most emphatic manner to meet the
charge by commending his troops for humanity. '
THE SENATE • AND THE HOUSE.
THE>$SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 19O2.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Claire and the Forcemaster."
California — "Old Jed Prouty."
Tivoli— "Little Red Rldlns Hood.*\
Central — "Under the Gaslight."
Alcazar— "For the "White Rose."
Columbia — "Macbeth." "^ \ -;•¦'
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer** — Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. ¦ "?>".V..
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Preds Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Teleonone 'Mala 10*fc •
Townsend's California g'.ace fruit3. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
?£ t! V» A n . lce P r « sent f or Eastern friends.
6C9 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.-Townsend's.*Beached Bark Baroda Receives the Same Care as if in Commis
sion—-Saiiormen Mai vel at the Safe' Passages of Deeply Laden
; Colliers— -The Max Will Be Examined Next Week on Drydock
LOSS OF WALLA WALLA PREVENTS
TWO SHIPS FROM GOING TO SEA
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, ¦ Cal.,
January 17, 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. -
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge.
given is subtracted from the depth given by thi
charts. Tho plane of reference la the mean o
tho lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
PROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlQe-3
the early morning tides are given in the left
"hand column and the successive tided - of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tldo of the
day. except when there are but three tidee, . as
EomeUmes occurs. The heights given are i In
addition. to tho soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the heizht. and then the numbet
Sun rises "..:.. .7 :2S
Sun seta 5:17
Moon sets .. .. 1:41 a. m.
| SINGAPORE— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Teen
kal, front Seattle. Yokohama, etc, for Liver
cool. • ¦ • - ¦
I Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr " La Savoie, from
Havre; stmr Columbia, from Genoa and
Naples.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Klek,
from San Francisco/via St Vincent, C V.
LIVERPOOL^— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Numld
ian. from St John. N B, and Halifax.
Sailed Jan 1(3 — Stmr Parisian, for Halifax
and St" John.' N B. "~ '
lisle City, from San Francisco. Sickncs3
aboard: captain's wife dead.
NEW YORK— SaiWd Jan 17— Stmr Cartha
cena, for Glaecow. . >
Mrs. T. J. Thomas, 738 Howard street,
swore out a warrant in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of John
Riordan and Charles Altken on the charge
of burglary. She accuses them of break-
Ing into her house on January 9, and
when she saw them they jumped out of a
window and made their escape.
"Wanted for Burglary.
Eugene Wade, under a five-year sen
tence in the Federal prison for criminal
assault at Ardmore. I. T.. received a tele
graphic pardon from President Roosevelt
to-day, and will be released In tne morn-
LEAVENWORTH, Kan.. Jan. 17.—"War
den McClaughrey of the Federal prison
to-day received telegraphic information
from the Canadian police authorities that
F. A. Katlns. a leader in the prison mu
tiny of November 7, haa been located
near Quebec and can be had whenever
wanted. He was located by the Canadian
police through the BertilJon system ot
identification. Photographs and a com
plete description will be exchanged, after
which, through the Y/ashlngton authori
ties, the Warden will ask for his extra
diction on the charge of murder.
Prison May Soon Be Re
turned.
CANADIANS CAPTX7BE >' .
A FEDEEAL PRISONER
Leader in the Mutiny at Leaven-worth
SATURDAY, JANUARY 18.
George Walker, who was convicted 'of
embezzlement from the American Tract
Society and who, through litigation, has
kept out of the penitentiary for about
four years, was denied a petition for a
writ of mandate to 4 ompel Judge Dunne
to settle a bill of exceptions entered at
a. former trial by the Supreme Court yes
terday. It seems probable tbat Walker
will have to serve his sentence now as
every apparent avenue of escape has been
closed. . - * /
Embezzler Walker Loses Point.
Friday, "January 17.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Sydney and Hono
lulu.
- Stmr Pomona.' • Shea, Eureka.
¦ Stmr GtDsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Brunswick, Dettmers, .
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Cre»:ent City.
Br stmr Strathgyle; Gordqn, Hongkong.
Ship Two Brothers. Wilson. Oyster Harbor. ,
SAILED.
CLEARED,
Friday, January 17. !
Stmr Bonlta, Nopandcr, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ,
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego-
Goodall, Perkins & Co. ...... * '.
> Stmr Geo W. Elder. Randall. Astoria; Ore
gon Rnilrond and Nav Co.
Br stmr Strathgyle, Gordon, Hongkong; C T
Bowrlnjr & Co, Ltd. : ' • ¦ . •
Schr ICete and Anna, Lutjens, huntin* and
fishing; Chas Lutjens. master.
Friday, January 17.
Stmr Umatllla, .Cousins, 58 hours from Vic
toria, etc. ( . . '
Stmr Celia, Adler, 12 hours from Rules
Landing 1 .
• Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, 40 hours from
San Pedro.'
Stmr Eureka. Jesaen, hours from Eu
reka. .
Stmr Git ay, Leland, 23 hours from Monte
rey.. . . • ¦ .
Stmr Chehalls,' Thompson, 59 hours from
Gray 3 Harbor.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 30 hours from Cres
cent City. ' . \
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldeett, 37 hours from
Ventura. ... < ¦ . - -.;
U S etmr Hush McCulloch, Failing, from a
cruise. »%""»$ ¦
3r shia "Wayfarer, Tupman, 169 days from
Hull, ¦ via Newcastle, England. 133 days.
Bktn Coronndo, ¦ Potter, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Encore, Palmgren, 7 days from Knapp
ton. , ¦ ¦
Schr Henry "Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor. •
- Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 4 days from
Coos Bay. . • ' . ¦
Schr Western Home. Lembke, 4- days from
Coos Bay.'
Schr Gotama, Olsen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Gem, Nygn-an, 3% days from Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The gradual evolution of science and
art shows what influence religion has on
man. ' It has stimulated the great art of
painting. The noblest artists of the world
depicted Christian and biblical subjects.
It was the church that had stimulated
the great works of the masters. / Religion
had stimulated the builders of the mas
sive and wonderful buildings of Europe-
Cologne Cathedral, St. Peter's, St. Paul's,
Westminster and a thousand other mag
nificent and noble structures. The ab
sence of religion and atheism only
brought disaster, as was evidenced in
the fall of Rome and . the decline of
France in the days of the reign of ter
ror. Keligion, said the rabbi, stimulates
every element of civilization. *
Rabbi Nieto, at the Congregation
Sherlth Israel, spoke last night on the
adaptability of the Jew to any surround
ing owing to the hardships he had under
gone, and yet in those countries where
he was persecuted he was among the
first to come forward in time - of need
He adapted himself readily to commerce
for the reason that he had no home, t no
country, and the persecution to which he
had been subjected developed hi3 mind
and his energy. ¦
In those days, said he, they thought
more about beautifying tne temple than
their own dwellings and all went toward
the civilizing influence. Kxquisite archi
tecture was Known in the days when men
worshiped at the shrine of tneir gods. It
was then religion that conduced to those
noble structures — their temples — and so it
came that progress and civilization be
came a fact. Keligion is the foundation
ot ail government.
It i3 worth time, ¦ saldi the lecturer, to
ascertain to 'what extent religion haa
stimulated intelligence in man. He viv
idly pictured, the religious architecture of
the Egyptians and tne builders of their
own taoernacle when gold and silver and
copper were brought for the purpose that
it might show the greatest beauty.
• Rabbi Voorsanger chose for his sermon
last night at the Congregation Emanu-El
the relationship between religion and civ
ilization, showing that religion was the
foundation of. all civilization from time
immemorial. He asked first what had re
ligion done for civilization and second
what had civilization done for religion.
In support of his demonstrations in the
ifavor of religion as the one and great
'factor in the progress of the world he
cited the growth of temples and taber
nacles in tne earliest days and how the
greatest artists gave up ihelr money and
time to labor for the erection of a nouse
betltting the holding of religious exer
cises to the Deitv.
Admiral Bradford was favorable to hav
ing the cable laid, operated and controlled
by the Government, not for commercial
considerations, but as a naval and mili
tary Necessity. He said the British navy
had great advantages over other navies
because of being linked by cable with all
insular possessions. If there was a war
with Great Britain to-morrow. Admiral
Bradford said. It would be impossible fo?
us to communicate by cable with the Phil
ippines.
Admiral Bradford said the Navy Depart
ment bad made all soundings and had
found a. practicable route which was all
ready for the Government to begin oper
ations on. It started from Monterey. Cal.,
which he considered a better point than
San Francisco. He did not recommend a
cable of American make, as the Industry
¦was not developed here, and It was essn
tial to get the best the world produced.
Clark said tbe plan presented by the
Commercial Cable Company contemplated,
exclusive arrangements with the lines fa
the Far East, the effect of which would
restrict the business to this one line, pre
venting competition and such advantages
to the Government and public a3 woulci
accrue trom competition. He emphasized
the prospective commercial development
of the Orient and American trade in that
quarter and told of the alleged disad
vantage that would accrue from, any prt
vate control which would, he said, tie up
the business for an indefinite period and
place the Far Eastern links of the cable
system entirely under foreign control.
General Greely stated tbat he would
favor Government control of the Pacitic
project and showed the extent to -which
Governments were extending their con
trol of cables. One of the recent exten
sions was by Germany on the China coast,
while France and other countries were
making similar cable extensions. General
Greely said an American cable to tha
Philippines would do much good in Ameri
canizing the islands. He cited Instances
of the current news from the Philippines
coming by foreign cables, presenting tho
affairs of Germany and other countries,
but not mentioning the most Important
developments in the United States.
General ' Greely stated tnat during the
Spanish-American war it became neces
sary for him to secure control of the Hay
tien cable for thirty days at J200O a day.
In time of war. he said, it was impossible
to observe due secrecy when cable lines
were under foreign control. He had dis
cussed the subject with President McKln
le% who was favorable to "an American
cable .under American control, in peaca
and War."
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— The ad
vantages of Government control of the
projected Pacific cable were presented to
day before the Commerce Committee of
the House. Admiral Bradford, who has
had charge of the cable soundings; Gen
eral Greely, head of the Signal Service,
who has devoted much attention to the
subject; Captain Russell, who has done
much of ths cable work In the Philip
pines, and Thomas F. Clark, vice presi
dent of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, were among those present.
Paint for Stranded Ship.
In spite of the fact that the bark Ba
roda is high and dry on the beach near
Coos Bay such faith have her salvors in
their ability to get her into deep water
that the vessel is receiving just as much
care as if in active commission. Her
rigging has been overhauled and a few
days ago the wrecked bark was painted
with all the thoroughness ever bestowed
Arguments Are Made
for Government Con
trol of Wire.
Rabbi Voorsanger Talks
on the Influences
of ' Religion.
Changes in Commands.
The following changes of masters have
taken place within the past few days:
Captain Nelson to schooner Wing and
Wing; Captain Anderson to schooner Liz
zie Prien; Captain Odland to steamer
Phoenix; Captain Anderson to four-mast
ed schooner Soqual; Captain Olsen to
steamer Luella; Captain Detttner to
steamer Brunswick; Captain Pennington
to steamer Pleiades; Captain Lane, for
merly of the Valencia, to ship Kennebec;
Captain Thunnellto schooner W. M. Ren
ton, and Captain Olsen to schooner Mel
ancthon.
Encounters Many Squalls.
The barkentine Coronado, Captain Pot
ter, arrived in port yesterday, twenty
days from Honolulu, with a cargo of
sugar and salt. She was in company
January 3 with the bark Kaiulne, and an
January 4 with the barkentine W. "H.
Dimond. She passed on J/inuary 15 a
¦white, bald-headed schooner bound for
this port. Captain Potter reports variable
winds and squally weather throughout the
trip. ,
Horse Backs Into the Bay.
A horse and wagon belonging to Gray
Brothers yesterday took a backward dive
into the bay from the bulkhead at Fre
mont-street wharf. The driver was dump
ing a, load of ballast and made a miscal
culation as to the distance to the edge of
the wharf. The horse was cut loose from
the wagon and swam ashore. The wagon
was recovered later.
Max to Go on Drydock.
The French bark Max will be moved
to-day from Green-street wharf to How
ard-street wharf No. 1. On Tuesday she
will be placed on the .dry-dock in order
that a thorough examination may be
made of the damage sustained in the
collision with the Walla Walla.
Algoa Is Chartered for Manila.
The Pacific Mail steamship Algoa will
sail on Monday for Tacoma, where she
will load for Manila direct. Most of the
Manila freight will be shipped by tho
Government. From Manila she will pro
ceed to Yokohama and Hongkong for a
cargo for this port.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Alice Cooke is chartered for
lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu.
A Cargo for the Orient. ;
The British steamer Strathgyle, which
sailed yesterday for China and Japan, carried
merchandise laden at this port for China.
valued at $98,167, and for Japan $9195. The
principal shipments were as follows: ; .-
To China— 30,250 bbls flour, 617 lbs beans,
600 lbs codfish. 3 cs canned salmon, 0 cs as
sorted canned goods, 10 drums carbide, 4 cs
cheese. *
To Japan — 640,701 lbs ground tan bark, 1 cs
books. . '
In addition to the cargo laden at this port,
the steamer carried large shipments of flour
and lumber valued at $88,414, which were
laden at Portland, Oregon.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ ¦,.--,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the . same at both places.
VIVID SERMONS
AT SYNAGOGUES
NATION NEEDS
ITS OWN CABLE
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jr.n 17 — Stmr
Cymric, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. _'¦»,' ¦¦ - - '/ * . .'•
BOULOGNE: — Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York. ¦
BOSTON— Arrived Jan : 17— Stmr Ultonia,
from' Liverpool and Qneenstown.
PERNAMBUCO — Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Car-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Jan 16— Bark
PactoluB,' from Cane Town.v.' '¦-¦ ¦
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan , . Nh-Ger strar
Isis. for San - Frsuiclsco. - • •-.....,
i HONGKONG— Arrived . Jan ". 15 — Stmr Peru,
hence Dee 19. ' ' ¦--•¦»-¦-• -- , .
PANAMA — Sailed Jan^ 16--Br, stmr Tucapel,
for San Francisco. "' ' ' 4 ¦
HIOGO— Arrived Jan 4— JaD.stmr Odzumi
Maru, from Seattle, and sailed 1 7th for Hong-
TYNE— In' port Jan 3 — Br ship* SUvercraar,
for San Francisco. •/ ¦ •-•;•'• -
• CUXHAVEN— Passed Jan 14— Br ship Crown
of Denmark, from Hamburg, for San Fran
clSCO ¦¦•..¦" - ' :
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan l&^-Br ship
Htlston. for Dublin. »^ - '
FUSAN — Sailed Jan 10 — Br bark Troop, for
Tacoina
FOREIGN - PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Helene,
hence Dec 24. - . : ,
KAHULUI — Arrived Jan 1 — Br bark Antlope,
from Oyster Harbor. Jan .2 — Schr Stanley,
from Eureka. Dae 20 — Bktn Quickstep, from
Tacoir.a. i ' .: . -
Sailed Jan 3— Schr S T Alexander, for San
Francisco.
KIHEI — Sailed Dec 12— Br ship Kinross, for
Oyster Harbor.' 1 ! " ¦''•'- -'-
HANA — Arrived Jan, .4 — Brig Cftnauelo, for
Hllo. '
KAANAPALI— Arrived Dec 27-pBark Olym
pic, from Honolulu,
HILO— Arrived Dec 31— Bark Martha Davis,
bark Annie Johnson, hence Dec. 10. Jan 1 —
Schr Defender, .from-> Port? Ludlowj' schr Ot
tlllle Fiord, from Eureka; -bark Ceylon, from
Sailed" Jan 3— Brier Consuelo,. for San Fran
cisco, via Hana. ¦ ' \, : ¦
MAKAWELI — Arrived Dec , 30— Schr Susie
SI Plummer, from Honolulu. ••
• BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr
Navarro and schr Newark, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Jan 17 — Stmr Pasa
dena,' for Eureka.
' Arrived Jan 16 — Schr Americana, from Ta
coma; schr R C Slade. from Grays Harbor;
schr Nokomis, from Port Blakeley; schr AI
vena. from Tacoma.
COOS BAY — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr Empire,
hence Jan IB.
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
VENTURA — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr Westport,
from Redondo; stmr Grace Dollar, from Grays
Harbor. .. ¦ « ,
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived. Jan 17 — Schr Alice
Cooke, from Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Jan 17— Br
bark Donna Francisca, from Valparaiso.
Sajled Jaa 16— Ger stmr Herodot, for San
Francisco. ¦ •
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 17 — Br bark Donna
FrancJBCa, from Valoaraiso.
Sailed Jan 17 — Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco; schr J G Wall and schr Laura Pike, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 17— Br ship Loch
Garve, from Valparaiso, on account of sick
ness.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr North
Fork, hence Jan 16.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Jan 17 — Ger
ship C H Wetjen, for San Francisco; stmr Al
cazar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Ellhu
Thomson, from Alaska.
Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr Ellhu Thomson, from
Valdez; stmr Dirieo, from Skagway; Jap stmr
Rlojun Maru, from Hongkong 1 . K.\ ¦ ¦¦ ¦
PORTLAND— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco: shin William Mitchell, for
Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 17, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind calm.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per bktn Coronado, from Honolulu. Jan 17 —
Jan 3 was In company with bark Kaullani.
from Honolulu for San Francisco. On 4th in
company with 'bktn W H Dlmond, from Hono
lulu for San Francisco. Jan 15, lat 131 88 W.
Ion 3T 17 N, passed a four-masted bald-headed
schr painted white, steering for San Francisco.
Experienced variable ' winds and squally
weather the entire passage.
Per Br ship Wayfarer— Left Hull Auk 1.
Sailed from Tyne Sept 1. Passed Lizard Sept
4. Had usual variable winds to lat 26 N, Ion
25 W. where NE trades were taken on Sept 22,
carrying them to lat 12 30 N, Ion 27 60 "W,
where they were lost Sept 27. Took SE trades
Oct 6, lat 4 30 N, Ion 24 W. Crossed equator
Oct 7, Ion 28 30 W. Carried SE trades to lat
18 S, Ion 35 W, where they were lost Oct 16;
thence variable winds. Crossed 60 S in Atlan
tic Nov 3, Ion Cl 30 W. Passed Staten Island
Nov 5. Had considerable amount of stormy
weather oft Cape Horn, mostly from NW to
00 S in Pacific, which was reached Nov 27,
when it was crossed in Ion 86 W. Had var
iable., winds to lat 28 S, Ion- 95 W, where SE
trades were taken Dec 10. Crossed equator In
Pacific Dec 25, Ion 111 30 W. Lost SE trades,
which were more northward of E than south
ward, on Dec 28, in lat -7 N. Ion 119 20 W,
Took NE trades Dec 30 in lat 9 40 N, Ion
120 W. Carried NE trades to lat 26 30 N, Ion
131 30 W, where they were lost on Jan 6. Had
light, variable winds till Jan 15, in lat 35 40
N. Ion 128 W, where a K wind was met.
which brought us to port.
Per schr Henry Wilson — Jan 13, 3 p m. lat.
41 27 N. Ion 125 44 W, 87 miles WNW of
Cape Mendoclno. picked up a boat from stmr
Walla Walla, containing 1 cask of water, 1
pint bottle whisky and 1 curtain and all the
lifebelts tied in boat. Boat was in good con
dition. ,
MEMORANDUM.
Br ship Strathdon, Walker, Queenstown.
Schr Barbara Hernater, Benedikten, Eureka.
Schr Fortuna* Olsson, Eureka. ;
THE sinking of the "Walla "Walla
has resulted in temporarily put
ting a stop to the earning capaci
ty of two vessels now in north
ern ports. In one case the delay
may Involve considerable loss. The new
four-masted barkentine Aurora is lying off
the St. Paul mill, Seattle, with 1,500,000
feet of lumber aboard, but unable to put
to sea until certain machinery which went
down with the Walla Walla can be dupli
cated in this city and shipped north. The
British bark Pinmore is the other sufferer
and in her case the delay may cost her
a valuable charteri The Pinmore was
recently picked up by the tug Tyee, after
having been abandoned off the coast by
master and crew. Both the Pinmore's
anchors were lost. New mud hooks and
I chains were ordered in this city and
shipped on the Walla Walla. It is now
i said that there are no 'Other anchors on
the coast of the size required by the Pin
more. New ones will have to be ordered
in the East and the delay will in all
probability cost the Pinmore her charter.
Considerable comment has -een oc
casioned in shipping circles by the "heavy
loading- of many of the steam colliers
plying between here and northern coal
ports. Some of these vessels are enor
mous carriers and no matter what the
weather may be make the trip laden to
•their utmost capacity. Their decks are
aswim from one end of the voyage to the
other and but little surprise is occasioned
when one of them falls victim to her in
ability to battle with the elements. The
Pleiades arrived here last Tuesday from
Ladysmith with over 5000 tons of coal. Her
deck was almost on a level with the sur
face of the sea and even on the bay the
waves, small as they were, broke over
her sides. As she passed up the bay
many an old sailorman shook his head
and spoke of the colliers whose names
swelled the list of the missing. The abil
ity of these heavily laden vessels to
weather some of the winter storms en
countered along: the coast is quoted in
the marine world as on© of the mysteries
of the deep.
Pleiades Heavily Laden With Coal.
on a floating craft. She has been moved
ninety feet nearer the sea than *where the
storm left her, but no attempt will be
made to float her until the spriner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY i8^10'J2,
BIG COLLIER THAT ARRIVED FROM LADYSMITH LAST TUESDAY "WITH
5000 TONS OF BLACK DIAMONDS IN HER HOLDS, SO DEEPLY LADEN
THAT HER DECKS ARE ALMOST AWASH.
7
p 1
»1
19
20
21
22
«>3
Tiroel Time
Ft.
H W LW
5IH2 "o!i 1:03
L W H W
0:21 2.8 0:43
1:25 2.9 7:40
2:2;". 2.9 8:40
3:23 2.8 9:39
4:1« 2.7 10:30
H W L W
0:19 S.I 5:09
1:00 5.2 6:02
m
I
~O7
5.5
5.7
C.9
6.0
6.0
Time
hTw
! 8:00
L W!
2:02
2:56
3:4U
4:34
5:19
H W
11:20
12:10
Time
Ft. —
Ti'~
H W
.0.1 9:09
— 0.4 10:04
— 0.S 10:52
—1.011:30
—0.0
L W
5.5 0:01
5.6 6:43|
|F V
' • :•
. *.o
4.3
4.0
4.0
24
25 I
2.6
' 2.4
i-O.S
1—0.4
Stegmer.
For.
Sail*.
Al-Ki
Dirlgo. '.. .
Kxcelsior. . . .
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 20
Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 21
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. £5
Steamer.
Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
January 18. j |
Seattle & Hadlock.. 12 m|Pler 2
Point Arena 2pmifler i
Astoria & Portland. 11 amlPler2t
Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
Newport & "Way Pts. 9 amIPlerll
January 1O.
Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
8an Diego & Way... Bam Pier 11
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoina... 10 am Pier :s
January 20.
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 28
Coqullle River V....- 5 pm Pier 2
Tlllamook Bay B pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor ...... S pm Pier 2
.January 21. |
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Portland & "Way Pts. 10 am Pier 16
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Coqullle River 12 m Pier 2
China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
January 22.
Astoria & Portland . 5 pm Pier 2
Hamburg & Way | Pier 34
Humboldt l:30plPler !)
Astoria & Portland.| 9 nm|Pler 4!
Grays Harbor 5 pin Pier '2
Ban Diego &. Way... 9 am Pier 11
Newport & Way. ... 0 am Pier 11
January 23.
Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pmlPier 3
Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. U amiPlcr 24
January 25. |
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Honolulu ........... 10 am Pier 7
¦ . January SO. .
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Destination.
R. Dollar. .
Point Aleiia
G. Elder. . .
Newport...
Bonlta
. i
Eureka....
Santa Rosa
.San Pedro.
J. Klmball.
Chehalls. ..
Mandalay.
W. Kruger.
Newburg..
Arcata.
Alliance...
Empire....
Argo
Gaelic
Umatllla..
T.akme. . . .
Heroelot...
Pomona...
d Nelson..
jCoronado.'.
State Cal..
Coos Bay..
Nome City.
Rival
Columbia..
North Fork
Alameda. ,
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Steamer.
-am.
Due.
Mandalay . . . . Coqullle River ........
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.
Arcata C009 Bay & Pt. Orford
Santa Barb.. Grays Harbor .'
Mackinaw... Tacoma .'.
Ukme Portland & Astoria ...
Czarina Seattle *& Tacoma
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports.
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports
Argo Coqullle River
Tellus Oyster Harbor ..;...•..
Washtenaw.. Tacoma ;...
Pomona Humboldt ...;.
W. H. Krugei 8an Pedro
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....
Crescent City Crescent City .....'....
Empire Coos Bay
Herodot Seattle
Rival...-. WJlJapa Harbor ....V..
Argyll New York via Panama.
Nome City... San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Alameda Honolulu
Coronado San Pedro
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
North Fork. . Humboldt
Bonlta Newport &. Way Ports
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ..
Ranta Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts
Pt.' Arena Point Arena
Sequoia Grays Harbor
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports
rt. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria . . .
China...-. China & Japan ".
Curacao...... Mexican Ports ... :
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports ..
Queen Puget Sound Ports .. ..
Jan. 18
Jan. 18
Jan. IS
Jan. IS
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. la
Jan. 19
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. 19
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 24
Jan. 25
Jan. 25
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
p 1
»1
19
20
21
22
«>3
Tiroel Time
Ft.
H W LW
5IH2 "o!i 1:03
L W H W
0:21 2.8 0:43
1:25 2.9 7:40
2:2;". 2.9 8:40
3:23 2.8 9:39
4:1« 2.7 10:30
H W L W
0:19 S.I 5:09
1:00 5.2 6:02
m
I
~O7
5.5
5.7
C.9
6.0
6.0
Time
hTw
! 8:00
L W!
2:02
2:56
3:4U
4:34
5:19
H W
11:20
12:10
Time
Ft. —
Ti'~
H W
.0.1 9:09
— 0.4 10:04
— 0.S 10:52
—1.011:30
—0.0
L W
5.5 0:01
5.6 6:43|
|F V
' • :•
. *.o
4.3
4.0
4.0
24
25 I
2.6
' 2.4
i-O.S
1—0.4
Stegmer.
For.
Sail*.
Al-Ki
Dirlgo. '.. .
Kxcelsior. . . .
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 20
Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 21
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. £5
Steamer.
Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
January 18. j |
Seattle & Hadlock.. 12 m|Pler 2
Point Arena 2pmifler i
Astoria & Portland. 11 amlPler2t
Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
Newport & "Way Pts. 9 amIPlerll
January 1O.
Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
8an Diego & Way... Bam Pier 11
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoina... 10 am Pier :s
January 20.
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 28
Coqullle River V....- 5 pm Pier 2
Tlllamook Bay B pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor ...... S pm Pier 2
.January 21. |
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Portland & "Way Pts. 10 am Pier 16
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Coqullle River 12 m Pier 2
China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
January 22.
Astoria & Portland . 5 pm Pier 2
Hamburg & Way | Pier 34
Humboldt l:30plPler !)
Astoria & Portland.| 9 nm|Pler 4!
Grays Harbor 5 pin Pier '2
Ban Diego &. Way... 9 am Pier 11
Newport & Way. ... 0 am Pier 11
January 23.
Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pmlPier 3
Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. U amiPlcr 24
January 25. |
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Honolulu ........... 10 am Pier 7
¦ . January SO. .
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Destination.
R. Dollar. .
Point Aleiia
G. Elder. . .
Newport...
Bonlta
. i
Eureka....
Santa Rosa
.San Pedro.
J. Klmball.
Chehalls. ..
Mandalay.
W. Kruger.
Newburg..
Arcata.
Alliance...
Empire....
Argo
Gaelic
Umatllla..
T.akme. . . .
Heroelot...
Pomona...
d Nelson..
jCoronado.'.
State Cal..
Coos Bay..
Nome City.
Rival
Columbia..
North Fork
Alameda. ,
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Steamer.
-am.
Due.
Mandalay . . . . Coqullle River ........
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.
Arcata C009 Bay & Pt. Orford
Santa Barb.. Grays Harbor .'
Mackinaw... Tacoma .'.
Ukme Portland & Astoria ...
Czarina Seattle *& Tacoma
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports.
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports
Argo Coqullle River
Tellus Oyster Harbor ..;...•..
Washtenaw.. Tacoma ;...
Pomona Humboldt ...;.
W. H. Krugei 8an Pedro
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....
Crescent City Crescent City .....'....
Empire Coos Bay
Herodot Seattle
Rival...-. WJlJapa Harbor ....V..
Argyll New York via Panama.
Nome City... San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Alameda Honolulu
Coronado San Pedro
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
North Fork. . Humboldt
Bonlta Newport &. Way Ports
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ..
Ranta Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts
Pt.' Arena Point Arena
Sequoia Grays Harbor
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports
rt. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria . . .
China...-. China & Japan ".
Curacao...... Mexican Ports ... :
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports ..
Queen Puget Sound Ports .. ..
Jan. 18
Jan. 18
Jan. IS
Jan. IS
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. la
Jan. 19
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. 19
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 24
Jan. 25
Jan. 25
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
AMTJSESEEHTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMTJSEME.NTS.
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA~ BURT
THE DARING LADT CYCLIST, .
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
SPECIALlO-NIGHT!
Telephone for Seats. Park 23. -
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M-
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
ADMISSION 2Sc AND 50c.
g|g^ RACING
"JSJ^SSSSG^!^ F very W eek Day -
ttr Rain or Shins. "
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
I laces start at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
Firry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. in., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved lcr
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry ¦ tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and/ Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all . trains via Afameda mole co:i-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race. -
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. - .
Science Is doing wonders these days In"
medicine as well as in mechanics. Sinco
Adam delved the human, race has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a suc-
cessful cure until Newbro's Herpicide was
put on the market. It is a scientific prep-
aration that kills the grerm that makes
dandruff or scurf by • digging into the
scalp to get at the root of the hair, where
It saps the vitality, causing itching scalp,
falling hair and finally baldness. With-
out dandruff hair must grow luxuriantly.
Herpicide at all drugrgists. It Is the only
destroyer of dandruff.
Is Caused by a Germ.
Biology Has Proved That Dandruff
ANOTHER WONDER OP SCIENCE.
LAST 2 PERFORMANCES.
MQDJESKA and JAMES
Matinee To-daj-'MARY STUART."
To-nlsht (Farewell— '•MACBETH. 1 *
NEXT MONDAY. Jan. 20,
KIRKE LASHELLE OPERA GO.
Jn the Brilliant Opera Comique Success, "The
Princess Chic." Scats JCow Ready.
EXTRA TWO MATPE2
£=^W I r^J-^. RECITALS.
AT 3 O'CLOCK OX AFTERNOONS OF
TUESDAY. Jan. SS. an.l FRIDAY. Jan. 31.
JOSEF
9 i
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— $2. $1 50. SI and 50c.
Seat sale bejrins next Monday. January 20.
ct Slicrmtn. Clay & Co.'s music store.
flL-f H BAT R E^lT
THIS "WEEK.
A BIG SUCCESS.
FOR THE
WHITE ROSE.
LAVISH COSTUMES AND MOUNTINGS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
SOUVENIR NIGHT— Monday. January 20.
Photo of M. L. Alsop elven away.
IN PREPARATION—
"THE DAMTES>"
BELASCOA«aTHAU:S^ T jtf^
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
MATTNEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evening — Last Times
Avgmstin DaJy's World Famous Melodrama,
Under the Gaslight
See Snorkey. the one-armed soldier — See the
Greet Railroad Scene, etc.
pnjrrc EVgs IOc. 15c, 25c, 35e. 60c
r&iVCd Matinee* 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Monday — The Powerful Melodrama,
•THE FIRE PATROL."
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. JAN. IS.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
GLORIOUS GALAXY OF STARS!
Kara the Great; Three Faust Sisters;
Arthur Buckner; Jacques InaudL;
Mr and Mrs. Gardner Crane, and
the Biograph. Last times of Girard
and Gardner; The Three Westons,
and Alf Holt.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW. '
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"CLAIRE AND THE
FORGEM ASTER."
Week Commencing MONDAY EVENING Next,
Limited St&rrine Engagement of
EDWIN ARDEN
In An Elaborate Production of Alexander
Salvini'e Original Version of
"DON CAESAR OE BAZA.N."
The Biggest Hit in New York This Season.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees. 25c.
EVENTXGS AT 8 SHARP. /
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
LAST WEEK— GET IN LINE!
Little Red
Riding^ Hood
Monday, January 20th,
THE TOY MAKER.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
BEST OP ALL "DOWN EAST" PLAYS.
RICHARD GOLDEN
OLD JEDJRODTY.
To-MorrowNi£ht-FREDERICK WARDE.
Sunday. Monday and Tuesday Nlghta....
_ .'•¦•••••• JULIUS CAESAR
Wednesday. Thurs. Nights. Sat. Matinee..
__ THE MOUNTEBANK
Friflay Mjrht VIRGINIUS
Saturday Night KING LEAR
BEATS READY.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS
TO-DAY AT 2:45 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
ANGELCS PIANCTPLAYER BECITAL,
c . SATURDAY. JANUARY ISth. 3 p. m.
fcnerman, ei a y & Co. desire to announce that
the tickets for thie recital have been given
out to thp full capacity of the hall. Another
recital will be held In two weeks to accom-
modate those who were unable to procure
tickets for to-a>}\
FISCHFR'<5 CONCERT HOUSE
„ UnCl " D Admission IOc.
Clarenre: Dora Mervln: Mendel and Mack:
Frank Ferez; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton;
Hines 8 nd Kiniball. and Hinrlchs' Orchestra.
neserve<3 s^atg. 25c Matinee Sunday. -'. .» .
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one Bide of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers 1 district— on the other re-
tall ctores. clubs, railroad and
r.ewepaper offices, banks and th»-
*ters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, rerrtes *ud park»-
C&E8 the entrance.
American and European plans.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U The remarKable popularity of m
I UrGYPTlAN UJiri 1 iltrO I
I CIGARETTES I
H is due to their possessing all those I
H things which appeal to a smoKer of Q
I high grade Turkish cigarettes. 'In B
If points of quality, flavor and worKman* B
I ship they actually have no rival. The |f
M large and rapidly increasing demand ||
I for these cigarettes and the secure hold j|
I they have on public favor are sure II
H signs that the educated smoker of 1
Ian . , , - -. - . ¦ • - ¦ ¦ ¦ tl'vj
H 'to-day realizes that "No better i
H TurKi s h cigarette canbe m ad e." S
1 You can get them from your own S
§ dealer or from your club. ||
H If^G.YPTIAN' II
I E,MB3LE,MS J^jiAM^0 I
b| are the same as DEITIES » / » P
eK§ . Chis signatart is en eVerp box. EgCOLONEL GEORGE
ADJUTANT GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA
San Franciscan Is Appointed by Governor ;Gage;to Fill; the Vacancy
Caused by the Death of William H. ; Seamans and Files His
' Oath of Office by Mail With Secretary . of .State Gurry
THE J^ANFRAIS? CISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, JA-NTJARY 18, 1902
.WASHINGTON Jan. 17.— Orders have ¦ been
prepared ' at the war : Department ' for • the re-
Lurn to the United States of the Ninth Infan
try, .which played such ; a"' gallant • part ; : in : the
siege of Peking and' has seen so much lighting
in th« Philippine*. - r ¦ ¦> . ,T •
A benefit for the California Eye and
Ear'' Hospital will ' be .given' at the Grand
Opera-house " Thursday evening-,'.: January
30, -for. which extensive arrangements are
now In progress. The ' ladies -who '. have
the matter in hand are: Mrs. D." J. Mur-'
phy, . Mrs. John I. Sabin, Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall, Mrs. C. T. , Deane," ' Mrs. ; Red
mond Payne, Mrs.' Isaac > Hecht, Mrs. . W.
G. 'Dodd, Mts. A. Clarfte, Mrs. Irvin
Wiel, Mrs. Clarence Mann, Mrs. Rodney
Kendrick, Mrs. Clyde. Payne, Mrs. Henry
Sonntag, Mrs. "William "Willis, Mrs.- Robert
"White. Miss Gertrude Gates and . Miss
Cora Wlnchell. • The • benefit > will be s par
ticularly for , the free ward and clinic < of
the hospital. .
Benefit for a Hospital.
Federal Jud'gS Sentences [Him, .Not
withstanding Sis Eloquent and.
Pathetic' Appeal; ;_. /; ,
DETROIT,<^Ja}^*17.-~Judge .Swan T of .the
United- States.; District;.; Court ;.to-day sen
tenced ' tw'TWy.-Gi: F-' B.. Howard, who
had 'pretclduaiV * pleaded guilty. : to usinfj
the mailsr^to^pbtain^ moneyii 'under ; false
pretenses^tat Iiorton,\Mlch., ¦ to , two . and - a
half yearfkiin^the 'Detroit House \ of •; Cor
rection. : %$ l-\ 'i-'!;;^^ ¦.¦.-" .JiVi '• "'. ».'.•.*•¦':
• Howard,! who-ls > well-known throughout
the "country, « was arrested k by a - United
States Marshal in - Columbus;. Ohio, sev
eral months .ago as he. left the Ohio peni
tentiary, - after-serving a nine-year sen
tence, and ¦ brought , here. He made > an
eloquent arid 'pathetic plea for mercy,, but
Judge Swan, although * he - was ,¦ much \ af
fected by it, said that sentence must- be
imposed. "' ' ' • "•; ¦'¦¦
FOBMEK, CLERGYMAN
Vf'i ""-1VETJST: GO TO A JAIL
Kindergarten Elects .Officers.
At the. annual -meeting ; of the Occi
dental Kindergarten 'Association, the fol
lowing officers were, elected' for the • en
suing , year:' President, Rose Steinharf
first vice president, Florence Musto; sec
ond: vice president, Minnie Hollub; corre
sponding secretary,. Mrs. .Andrew M. Ar
mer; recording secretary, Viola Raphael,
and treasurer,- Mrs; A. Lavenson. -
' Josephs Wood, Unit'ed ; States District
Attorney: at Nome, Alaska, surrendered
himself yesterday to United ', States ¦ Ma'r :
shal' Shine to be imprisoned for ¦ four
months for contempt of courtSTinder sen
tence of the United States' Circuit Court
of Appeals. Wood requested Judge Mor
row to modify the order so that he could
be imprisoned in Branch County; Jail No.
2, instead of in the Alameda County. Jail.
Wood informed a friend privately that he
did not care to be Imprisoned in the same
jail with United States Special Examiner
C. A. , S. ; Frost, who was sentenced by
the same court to one .year's Imprison
ment in the Alameda County Jail. .;':.
.Judge .Morrow granted Wood's request
and he began 1 serving his sentence yes
terdav - afternoon.
With United States Special Ei
amiiier Frost. ; : •" ;
Objects to Living Under Same Hoof
ATTORNEY WOOD GOES
TO 'THE BRANCH JAIL
One of the main. reasons for putting the
four. ' classes :in .the. Orphan: Asylum build-
Ing is that the pupils will' have a large
yard for recreation: - At. the present time
one of the rooms rented for the purpose
is unsanitary; and- some sickness prevails
among the pupils on that account. ' ¦
;The Board" of Education. decided yester
day.to rent four rooms' in the Protestant
Orphan Asylum building on Haight street
and use them as an adjunct to. the Halght
Primary, School. : . At* present the outside
rooms are ¦ widely scattered, and It is
deemed • advisable to center them In one
place. An additional class will be estab
lished in -the Haight. School. . which will
insure the appointment of Miss- Margaret
Noon to a regular position In , the depart
ment; she being; next on the eligible list
for ; appointment. ., .'<: - ._..-. , ...
lish an Auxiliary, to the Salght
Board of Education Decides to Estab-
WILL RENT CLASS ROOMS
J^r*: IN AN • ORPHAN ASYLUM
Granted. . ;,'
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned: -Oregon
—John H. Davidson, Rowland. /Washing
ton—Ethamer Hadley, Comas ; Aden : , S.
Pratt, Wehesvllle. Appointed— Harvey
W. Swift, Shaver,. Fresno County,- vice
Henry L. Mustek, resigned; John Hamil
ton, Towle, Placer County, vice-EdwiniT.
Kobie, resigned. Washington— [William, J.
Hosford, Collins, Skamanla; County, vice
L. W. Hinting, resigned; Charles Wester
man. Olalla, Kitsap County,' vice" J.'D.
Karpinsky, resigned. ' •. -.;-'- -.' -..' ¦'¦¦-
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— James Harvey, Pomona,
$6; Daniel L. Cecil, San Jose,' $6,. War
with Spain— Jules Kuester.j. Oakland ,,$6.
Increase — William Y. Stewart,, Redlands,
$10; Theodore Basch, Soldiers' • Home, 'Los
Angeles, $12; Francis M., Atiderson, Flor
ence, $8; Washington Vapey, Los Angeles,
$8. War with Spain— John C.McLachlan,
Coronado; $24: . . ' . -¦*'¦:••;-- .,; ;
Oregon: Original— Milton W. Parsons,
Portland, $6. -Increase— Norvel - Biggs , Fo
ley, $12; 'William Pitcher, Prlneville. $12;
Merritt Hotchkias, Eugene, $8. Mexican
War— Wllhelm Whitesides; Peel, $12.?"
Washington: Increase— Simon Deggiri
ger, Seattle, $12;^ Jacob Cowen,. Qullcene,
In army orders, contract .'Surgeon Ed
mund Bafer-y^is relieved from iflhty at the
General Hospital,' Presidio of "San" Fran
cisco, and ordered to Fort Dade, Florida.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE t
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
To Banquet Major General Carnahan.
Major General J. R. Carnahan of In
diana, commanding the Uniform Rank of
the Knights of Pythias, will arrive in
this city next week for the purpose of
meeting -Supreme Chancellor Fethers on
his return from the Hawaiian Islands.
He will consult with Chancellor Fethers
in regard to the supreme convention of
the Knights of Pythias to be held in thi3
city ¦ next August, when it is expected
that there will be more than seventy
thousand visitors here from the Bast.
The Uniform Rank will hold its encamp
ment at the same time. Major General
Carnahan will be tendered a reception and
banquet next Friday evening by the Past
Chancellors' Association of this city.
Earl G. Westmore, alias G.'F. Wilson,
was held to answer by Judge Mogan on
a charge of assault to . murder in $3000
bonds for shooting Hans Alverson, clerk
in the Montgomery Hotel, 227' Second
street, on Christmas night. Charles Penne,
who was also shot by Westmore, is still
unable to appear. ~ . • . . . .:
Frank McCaffery was held to answer by
Judge Mogan on a charge of grand lar
ceny In $2000 bonds. He is accused of.
stealing a gold watch and chain from
jDennis S. Clark, 2 East avenue, on Jan
ruary. 6.!' >v:-\-f\ . - ' .
Judge. Mogan. also held-D. T. Mack to
answer on a charge <¦ of assault with ¦ a
deadly weapon in $500 bonds. There was
a fight in the Empire laundry on Decem
ber 30, when Mack Is accused of "striking
Smith Jones GlanVllle, who lives at Sixth
and Bryant streets, with ¦ an iron bucket.
Judge Conlan held Harry Berman, Hen
ry Cook and John Condon, all young men,
to answer on a charge of robbery in ?50J
bonds each. They are accused of rob
bing Evan Egnasbew of the British ship
Glocus In the early morning of Decem 7
ber 29-on Second street while on his way
to the ship.
Judge Cabanlss held Eugene Ceverhlno,
alias William Kelly, and Charles, Lowell,
alias Crandall, to answer on the charge of
hjirglary in $2000 bonds each. " They are
accused of breaking into the house o£ 4
Julius Gall, 2131 Broadway, on New Year's
eve, and stealing ~a lot of valuable jewel
ry, which was found in their possession
when arrested In Sacramento.
The Police judges are making an in
road upon the felony cases in their courts
and yesterday severai defendants were
held to answer before the Superior Court."
Their Calendars of Felony
Cases.
Police Judges Are Rapidly Freeing
The letter' was addressed to "Kind
Friends, Brother and Sister," and signed
"Fred and Gertie." In it Brockman
stated he was in debt and meant to com
mit suicide; that he .had told the girl
what he was going to ' do, and she de
clared she must go, too., .The last line
of the letter contained, a request from
Gertie to be burled beside Fred.
¦ Brockman' was aroused from his uncon
scious state and rut under arrest. The
young lady's death was caused' by a
wound in the temple. Brockman had shot
himself twice in the head. He refused
to say anything except a letter could be
found in the buggy to explain matters.
The letter was found in his overcoat.
Miss Clifford, was a member of a highly
respected family near Donellson, and
was about 20 years old. Brockman is
20 . years of age, and a son of Hiram
Brockman of.Coffeen.
COFFEEN, 111., Jan. 17.— At 9 o'clock
last night a horse and buggy stopped at
Hart's livery, barn. There was no driver.
The buggy. was found to contain the- dead
body of M.ss Gerty Clifford, Who\ lived
near Donellson,' and Fred Brockman, al
most dead. ' \
SEVERAL DEFENDANTS
. ARE HELD TO ANSWER
Woman's Dead Body
and Dying Man Pound
, in a Buggy.
Gift to Lick Observatory'.
D. O. Mills of New York has presented
to the Lick Observatory a sum of money
sufficient to defray the expenses of recon
structing the Mills -spectrograph. which
was presented by him to the observatorv
seven years ago. It is considered to be
the most effective instrument of its kind.
The experience of the past six years
however, has shown that it is capable of
appreciable- improvement in many of its
features. It is now to be rebuilt . some
what along the lines of the spectrograph
which was designed and constructed here
f or ,J.,, e . Mjlls expedition to Chile. Tuts
is Mills' third gift to the Lick Observa
tory.
HORSE BRINGS
BOTH VICTIMS
GEORGE STONE, NEWLY AP
POINTED;, ADJUTANT GEN
ERAL OF. CALIFORNIA.
Kerch Kuykendall, Hartley B. Lake and
John B. Fredenstein, the suspects under
arrest in connection with the attempted
theft of ore yesterday morning, which re
sulted in a fight in the bowels of -Battle
Mountain, -were put through a severe
"sweating" to-day, but nothing of Impor
tance has been developed.
< A. score of detectives have been engaged
by the independence Company and pri
vate detectives from other big mines are
lending their assistance. The mine own
ers say they propose to clean out the ore
thieves if it takes every detective in the
West to do it. / -
This order nearly precipitated /a disas
trous strike and was only modified at the
earnest request of the parties most inter
ested. Manager Shipman estimates that
the stealings before this new order was
issued amounted to between 120,000 and
$30,000 a month ever since the Bonanza
was sold by Stratton to the English cor
poration.
VICTOR, Colo., Jan. 17.— Manager Ship
man of the Independence mine, owned by
the Stratton Independence Company of
London, England, stated to-day , that
about J40.000 worth of ore had been stolen
by ore pirates from the mine during the
past eight months, v about . $5000 every
month since the trouble' between the min
ers and management on account of the
"strip to the skin" order issued early last
summer.
Prior to this call they had Seen a num
ber of the Ministers and other, represen
tatives attached to the foreign legations
and embassies in Washington, and as a
result had become convinced " that ela
borate foreign exhibits could not i be
counted on for an exposition In this coun
.try during the year. 1903. They find for
instance that a great Japanese fair is to
be given under Government; auspices In
1903 and if the exposition is. postponed
until 1P04 everything of interest- exhibited
there can be brought to St. -Louis the
following year. It is the desire of the
exposition that the foreign-, Exhibits es
pecially shall be .very complete.
"In 1903 we can make the exposition as
great as any ever given," said ' Governor
brands, "but if we postpone • it a year
it will surpass anything In the: exposition
line ever attempted. We can. be ready in
1903, but it is questionable whether, we
can secure what we want : from abroad
by that time." . .-VV
In order to interest foreign govern
ments it is the desire of the exposition
management that the foreign agents of
the exposition be appointed, and accred
ited by the State Department and steps
are being taken to that end -now. Yes
terday Governor Francis and Mr. , Busch
extended an invitation through, the Ger
man Embassy to Prince Henry to visit
St. Louis during his stay in .this country
but no reply had been received up to
noon to-day. •-•—¦
• The gentlemen named made an admls
s'loir'ot th's fact to-day in the course: of
a conversation at- the- .White ' House,
where they had' called "to ; interest the
President m efforts they are making to
urge oh foreign governments the desir
ability of full and complete'representa
tion at the St. Louis Exposition.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Since arriving
in Washington ex-Governor Francis,
president of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position, and Adolphus Busch, chairman
cf the committee on foreign relations of
the exposition, have - become [ : convinced
that if the exposition is to secure a really
notable collection of foreign exhibits that
will eclipse exhibits heretofore sent from
European; nations to other', , expositions,
there j must* be . a postponement of the
opening 'of the 'great 'fair to be held at
St Louis from 1903 'to 1904.';^
Wu Ting Fang has recently made rep
resentations to the United States for the
return of the value of • the silver taken
from the salt yamen, and he is highly
gratified • that the Government has de
cided to comply with his request.
France refused to receive from Its ex
pedition in China valuable curios sent by
General Voyron, commanding the French
troops, and Germany was disposed to re
turn the astronomical instruments seized
by her forces in Peking and forwarded
to Berlin. China was unwilling, how
ever, to bear the cost of their return.
The silver was found by the marines
immediately after the capture of the
city. It was appraised by a board of offi
cers and sold and the proceeds were
transmitted to this country and deposited
In the treasury by Secretary Long. It
was thought that an act of Congress
would benectssary in order to draw the
money out of the treasury in case of its
repayment to China. The authorities
have decided, however, that . Congres
sional action is unnecessary.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., "WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— President
Roosevelt to-day took the first step in
re-storing to China, the property belong
ing to her which was seized by the United
States. He directed Secretary Long to
deliver to the State Department for trans
mission to Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese
Minister, the sum of $376,000. This amount
represents the value of silver bullion
seized in the salt yamen at Tientsin by
United States marines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The evidence in the case was wholly a
repetition of the facts previously cabled.
The defense submitted that no statutory
offense had been committed, as there was
no evidence that Broecksman had ever
received the letters alleged to have been
written by Dr. Krause. The Lord Chief
Justice intimated that he would •deliver
judgment to-morrow.
In the course of the examination of the
press censor of Johannesburg- It trans
pired that the postofflce officials there
were in the habit of sending: to the censor
all letters addressed to United States Con
sul Gordon. T,he Lord Chief Justice asked
ir" such letters'^ were subject to censorship.
On being informed that he was not bound
to reply, the censor declined to answer
the question.
The prisoner pleaded nof guilty and the
Solicitor General, Sir. Henry Carson, pro
ceeded to detail the facts alreadv testi
fied to In the Police Court. I Broecksman,
whom Dr. Krause Is alleged to have in
cited to the murder of Foster, was exe
cuted by the British in South Africa,
If the prisoner and his friends had been
suspected of a d<?slgn to explode dyna
mite in the court the precautions against
the admission of unauthorized persons
could not have been more stringent.
Every one was closely and
compelled to produce a card of admission.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— The trial of [ Dr.
Krause, the former Governor of Johan
nesburg, on the charge of inciting Cor
nelius Broecksman, the public prosecutor
of Johannesburg, to murder John Doug
las Foster, an English lawyer, who was
on the staff cf Lord Roberts, opened at
the Old Bailey to-day.
Stealings in Colorado
Said to Be Forty
Thousand.
Foreign Exhibits Are Not
Ready for St. Louis
Exposition.
Extraordinary Precau
tions at Trial of
-t-v -r-r-
Dr. Krause.
President Roosevelt Or
ders .Restoration to
Be Made.
CHINA REGAINS
SEIZED MONEY
ORE ROBBERS
LOOT THE MINE
BRITONS FEAR
A COURT CROWD
BIG FAIR MAY
BE POSTPONED
George Stone served through the Union
war. with distinction. He Was commis
sioned captain and afterward promoted to
the rank of lieutenant colonel of a col
ored . cavalry regiment. He resigned this
commission after a few months and then
took a captaincy in an infantry reginlent
and at the close, of the war resigned with
the rank of colonel.
..Colonel Stone became a railroad con
struction contractor and met; with great
success. He also paid some attention to
mining and to-day holds many valuable
mining properties. He is an active mein
i ber of the Union League Club and is
strongly identified with Republican poll
tics. He has been a delegate to the Re
publican National Convention, and chair
man of the Republican . State Central
Committee.
. Colonel Stone to-day filed his oath of
office as adjutant general. He . sent the
document .by mail to the Secretary of
State. Local military men who have been
spoken to believe that Stone will give a
good administration of the affairs of the
office. : ¦ -y ,'-l", . • . '. . : ' . *V ¦'.-
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— Although
the constitution and':, the} laws
recognize Sacramento as» the seat
of State government; It < Is" never
theless a fact that ' under , the
Gage administration the capital city is
always the last place to hear of the ac
tion of the Governor upon any important
public matter. It leaked out only to-day
that the appointment of Colonel George
Stone of San Francisco as adjutant gen
eral hasbeen recorded on the books of
the Governor's office. Since, owing to the
system of exclusiveness which, prevails
in that office, these books are" practically
not accessible to the public or to newspa
per men, the appointment may. have been
on the books for a week or for only 4 a
few hours. Z> ¦'"''¦'
8
SOUTHERN PAOIFIOJ
Tratlaa !•»»»• nml «r» <la» to nrrli* at |
NAM riU.MIIICO. !
(Main Una. Foot of Market Strert.) — '
uun — y»QM Dioonxii a. tan. — A»rr»
¦Ji«O a Banlela, Snisna, Zlmin and 8a«ra>
mento a<S*1*
1»—A Vs«aTfll«. Wintsn.'Bainsey ?sOSs>
liSUA M»ctli)er,3»un»moo.V»UeJo.N»P».
CslUtog* and Santo Rosa Ui33»
»sO« a Davis, Woodland. Knljnu L»ndla».
ilarjsTille. <)ro»Blo 7«55»
BxOOk A tlantlo Kxpress— Ogdan and Kasl Siaa*
¦««»a Sflea, Lathrop. Stockton ........... 1»a»»
•tOOAKUes. Mendota, Hanford. Vlsalia,
PortmOle w ........... ««38»
IiNa Shasta Express— Dartt Willlsms (foj
Bartlett Springs), Willows. «B«4
Bluff, PorUaiid... TiM»
¦iS*a San Jose. LWermore. Btoekton.
Inna, aaeramenta FImsttUIsw
MnrjsTllle, Chlert, ItedBfaff «i«a»
lilIU Oaicdals. Chinesa, Honor*. Tuoluinns 4:33r
•iOOa Hajwiird, Niks and Way Sutiom.. 1 1 '•"*
sriOOAVaUeJo la«23»
•t»« a Los Annies Xzpress — Marttaaz.
Trmoy. Lathrop. Stoekton. Mereed
Vresoo aud Los AngolM 7:33^
tjSO* Tallelo. Mwttuez and Way SUtlons ?ift3»
IOiOOa The Oreiland Limited— Ogdan. Vm-
w. Omaha. Chicago Hi33»
fliOOr 8aoram«uto ltl»e» Steamars tll«OU»
auour Banleia, Winters, Saeramsnto.
Woo«lland, KnlfhU Landioc.
MarxsTlIIs. OrotHU l«:33k
¦i»0 p H» j ward. » lies and Way 8 1» tioni . . 7:33 r
4i«0r Mmrtiuer, Han Itamou. Vallejo,
Napa. Ualtakosa. Santa Rosa Ot93»
«»O«» Unas. LNennoro. Stockton. Lodl... 12.a3#
4«:t«»p H»yw»rd. Nllo». ilujnu, Urf rmor« t»« a **
«:3l»rTh« Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Banftis (of SauU Bar-
bara. Los Auceles SiMk
BiO©» Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton lusXS*
Bioop Martlnrz. Anttoeh, atockton. Mer-
oed. Fresno X*«S9v
•(•or H a» ward. Miles and 8«n Jo«» ....... 7i33 a,
t«:«»r Vallejo 11>S34
•lOOr Oriental Mall— Ogdea, DeaTtr.
Omaha. 8t Louis, Ohfcafo 4tZ9A
7i*<*r Oregon and California KUprass. Saa.
ritin en tn. Marys* 111*, lteddlu*. ''- '
rurtlaml. l'ugat animd and Kaak St33*
JiMf Ban Pablo, - Port Coata, Martinez
> and Way etations H.*»4
JlriWr Ytllelo 7t83f
COAST LJNE (.Tarrotr Uaa Z s).
2 (Foot ot Murket Street.)
»»!»* NewaTk.Ce«tervllle.BanJos«.¥»ltou. ;
Boulder Creek, S auta Onis and Way >
UUtlons 3<3«f
t**>8r Newark, Centetrillp. 8an Jose, "Str*
AlmsdeD, Feltou. Koulder Creek.
Santa Cm* and l'rinolpal Way
Stations I<»i!»«*
«il.1p Newark, Han Jose. LosGatqs t»'3'»*
«9.3uf Hunters' Train— San Jcso and Way
BUtions H.»W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS msCISCO— Fioi of Xarkat Strut (Slip ft—
17:16 U:00 ll:0OA.U. 1:03 3:33 - 5:15r.«.
rrom OllUls—rut «f Bro«aw»j.— f rt-.OO J3;00 t3:C9
10:00».tl. 13:03 2:83 l:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Manee).
• (Third mid Townaeml Sta.)
ffilw/i San Jose and Way Htations.. ........ «i4»X
7:00a Han Josaaml WaySbtUons f*:o«»
/7«««* New Alniaden / 4:IO»
SiOttA Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gilrcy. Halloas, San Luis Obiapo.
.lirr t - i Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles and
principal intermediate stations.... 1O:<3S)
PiOOa Hau .losf. Ties linos. H»nt» (mi,
Paeiiie Uro««, Salinas. Saa LoU
Obiapo ami Principal intermediate
SUi-iuiu -<:1<V»
1 0::io a San Jcae and War Stations. »::>«*
IIiIIOa Sail .loss aixl W»y .SUtion* U;10a
tas-ISp San M>t«>, Kmn*oo<l. Menlo Park.
rain Alto. Hanta Clara. Han Jose,
Trea Pinoa. SwiU Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey ami I'aellie HrnTu f 10: f 34t
8:3«r San Jose and Way Buttons. !:»¦•#
4-1:1 Sl> San .lose mi. 1 Priidrnl Way Stations »•:««#
4xAOr Snnset I Jrnited— Mondays. Wednes-
days. Friday*, for Uo» Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New York.
ArriTcs Sundsya. Tuesdays and
Thursday* 10:1.1*
t3:00pSnn Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Station* f]>:»O»
St»«r San Jnae ami Principal Way Ststlous «:»»»>
«!:incSiu..li«-mi,l Way .Stations 7>.10»
7:00r New Orleans Eiprexs — .*an Lnls
Obispo. Sfti.ta lUrHar*. Lea An-
geies, D mioff. £1 Paso, New Or-
leans and East 7tSAa>
«ll:4.Yr San -ioiia til.! W»y Stations ?;3O»>
A for Morning V for A ftenioon. *
t Sun .lav rxc»i>t«& J Sunday only.
_aSatur.iayouly. /Tuesdays aud rridaySj.
CllIFOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN .RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF1S
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
6ao Francisco iu San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:S0, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— KxtrA
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. O:3l>. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:3«w
6:00. «:2O p. m.
San Raiao! to Sinn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— <S:10, 7:5C. 0:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:10. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:35 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS- S:10. s»:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 0:25 p. m.
Leave I In KfTect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30arn 8:OOam Xcvato. 10:40am S:40am
S :30pm U :30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:23ara
S:C3pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
Lytton.
Oeyserville,
3 :30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pra
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am>
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. T :35pm 0:20pm
7:30am jlO:40ain|10^5arn
8:00am GuerneviUe.f 7 :35pm j
8:30pm B :00pm I | 0:20pn\
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma I 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 1 6:05pm C:20pm
7:30am| 8 :00am I 110:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm[ Sebastopol. i 7:35pm| ff:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark
West Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton foi; Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skags* Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Sri-lngs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blua Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvHle. Orr*»
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brags,
Westport, Vsal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Dell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicla.
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Qen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY*
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
1"?; «.*»,. .was**—. £««>- VVeeW
F««, *»n FrwcUro to Summit ««d IU«™. »!!)(«.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
[ 629 HEAKXT ST. Established
kin 193-1 for the treatment of Private
f Disease*. Lost Manhood. Debility or
tdUraan wearing nn body and mind and
¦ Skin Diseases. The) Doctor cares whea
¦others fail. Try him. Charges low.
l«:nrr«cnarant«fd. Cnllorwrlt*
WtB3SOJi.aaurraDcl3CO.Cal.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
a delicious and 'healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling ! no
baking ! } add boiling , water and set to
cool; Flavors : —Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and; Strawberry. Get a package
3tf your grocers tchday.iocts.
«awE«[Sftavf'f*?aKtit*»as^<SHn*B5»>v. - '
WhatSKallWe
Have for Dessert?
.This question; arises in the family
every, day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
if GOES WiTHOOT SAYING
That mail orders have our promptest at-
tention. In fact. Uncle Sam. through his
excellent PostoflBce Department, is on©
of our greatest helps in filling orders. If
you -want an* aristocracy of quality in
your laundry work use the nearest post
box. "*
No saw: edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1 OO4- Market Str«»t.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off lea— 54- San Pablo Ave.
GOHOBRHCEA AND UKINABT . DISCHABQXS
iPja I «9 0 H mm I bWA
mk
\?LJ J Bm fil BMW
• ; A CURE IN ,48 . HOURS,
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great I
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ ¦ -if The Larrest Anatomical Museum In the \
O WS^Kf^s. World - Weaknesses or any contracted 6
jBSjSn disease psaitivrlycarnd by the oldest V
O |Ej3l . Specialist oa the Coast Est. 36 years. ©
S$T&£& m - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
f ASB^B Consultation free and strictly printe. \
J xSqfil Tr«atment personalty or by l-tter. A A
R W V? S Jntttnt Cure in every case undertaken. \
F // JW W t ,te for Book, PaiLOSUPBY of i
II I niHMCG, MAILED FREE. (AT
A H Im valuable book for mrn) ; \
9 I>K. JOK0A.V * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
«i at Bl * •* ta • non-polsononi
vKmgnSaKlfl J, e , medy CT for Gonorrhoea,..
jG$grrt\rirr!*mq S- 1 ?? 1 ' Spermatorrhoe*.
ABtSp CUntS Whites, unnatural dis-
mmSff Inl to 5 d»jf. U charges, or any inflamma-
f*jp«f OaaraoKed ta ** tion. irritation or olcera-
Jp»— f Frtreat coaiajioa. * lon ot mucous mem-
' BTClTHFF»ii«rn'MW Pn branes - •t'on-astriEgeat.
- 1^ c SiS t ; «Sw* Sold by 1 "^
waaoscjiiu.Ti.o.jjraB or aont , a plain wrapper#
JESfcgV ¦«• s - •*• jg*3 by espre.w, prepaid, for
il.CO. or 3 bottled. $2.75.
" rcolar seat oa re< »'»est.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARI> &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 5Uc to $1 50 day;
J5 to JS week; $S to 120 month. Frea baths;
iot and cold. water every room; fire grates in
every room: elevator runs all night.
SAII.WA-5Z- TRAVEL.
¦ — ---. — _--- - — -., ,
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
l>av* Market-street Farry Depot.
local Lilm'd Ovrl'd Local
¦ ¦ . Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 1>
" Fresno... '2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
:•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
•• Visalla.. 3:39 p 5:00 a..;.
' '" Bakersfld a:18 p B:20p 7:45 a......*
••Kan. City* 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago.. ....... 2:15 p 9:00 p..
a lor morning;, p (or afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited; carrying; Palace Sleeping Cars and
DinlCS Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of-
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
-4:20 p. m.-i' Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding; train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. . • ¦ ¦ .
8:00 p. m. 1 Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m." is Bakersfleld local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. . Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Of flees — C41 • Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
- Oakland.
NORTH PADIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
, , Via Sausallto, Ferry
, ¦ "• Commencing September , 2!». 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
:.:.'. ¦¦¦:¦¦ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 8:55. 8:30.: •8:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 8:15. 4:15. 5:15.^ •6:1B. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For- Mill Valley and San
Rafael - on ¦ Mondays,- Wednesdays and Satur-
days at »:3o and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00. •10:00, "11:30 a. m., *1:15
3:15. *4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains . marked >. (•) run i to; San ; Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— -5:23. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35 10-15
a. m.. *12:25, 2:15, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p.^u
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
• nd Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:5ft p. m.
6UNDATS— 6:15. *S:00. »10:00. '11:45 a m.
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »«:3O p. m. '
Trains marked (•) start from San Qu«"itln
FROM MI1J» VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-S:45., «:45, 7:55. 8:55. fo -30
a. m.. 1 12:35. 2:43. 8:P0. 8:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m **'
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2-15.
S:30. 6:00, 6:45 p. m.~ ia *
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. we«k days— Casadero and way
stations. > . ¦
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.) -;.-;-¦•¦¦¦¦'.• • ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
BATXWAT TBAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /^Ux^^i
Terr BcaJl and u etsr .
¦ ?: to take as sa^ar.
SEE - CARTERS FOR DIZZIMESS. °
b^ilTTLr FOR BILIOUSNESS.
OFNIIINE \W Il/E-D FOR TORPID LIVER. UhNUlf.h
uminnpn H r m FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WRAPPER Sfc^__jFORTHEcoMPLEx;oH WKhrrLn
COmUOHT l«0C *T TMI rflOCTCfl « OMISLC OO. CIIICINhATI .
A CASE OF EXTRAVAGANCE.-
fSTT^SnOU never cut off three-quarters of a new
$\ji* ¦ cake of soap and throw it away! Yet you
#lrl§! P a^ twice e P" 00 o^, Ivpry Soap for a cake
JMLElof " tinted n toilet soap less than half as
large. Your little cake of toilet soap costs you four
times the price of Ivory, for it lasts only half as long
and costs twice as much. No money can buy purer
or better soap than Ivory. If , it came in dainty
paper, all scented and colored, you Would pay fifteen
cents for a very small cake of it.
Nl v:.V ,
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S FIRST _,^ MRS. McKINLEY'S NURSE
DAY IN OFFICE |^ / TELLS HER STORY.
By Alfred Dezendort ' U ' '
¦^"- WHERE GIRLS LIVE ON S15
THE OLDEST LIGHTHOUSE _ _ a YEAR.
TENDER ON THE COAST \/ : '
IS A WOMAN. • V ; • .
Fed about her in next Sun' VV A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN'S
d *y'« CalL ;A \ ' EXPERIENCES IN PANAMA.
SUNDAY^S
READ THE WOLFVTLLE ¥ / THE SUNDAY CALL MAGA-
STORIES BY ALFRED HENRY /% ZINE SECTION IS THE LHV
LEVK - . 'h\- ERARY SUNDAY PAPER OF
! 'A ~\\ . THE" WEST.'
FASHIONS, BEAUTY QUEST 1 /*
AND HUMAN INTEREST I NEXT WEEK BEGINS A STORY
STORIES. JsVW- BY BRET HARTE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.A NUMBER of young Catholic men
from all parts of the East ar
rived here last evening to act as
institution officers at the opening
TWO PROMINENT KNIGHTS OF
COLUMBUS, HERE TO INSTI
TUTE COUNCIL. OF THE ORDER.
Camera Club Lecture.
The California " Camera . Club . gave Its
one hundred and fortieth : Illustrated lec
ture last evening at the Metropolitan
Temple. The lecture was on "The Land
of the Castanet; a History of the Moor
ish Architecture of Spain, Its People, Life
and Customs."' The lecturer, Henry-Pay
ot, gave a vivid description, 'illustrated by
stereoptlcon views.
The members of the eleven local camps
will assemble at the ferry landing on the
night of February 17 and form in line
under the marshalshlp of Major John S.
Patterson of Golden Gate Camp and his
aids. A flamb£au torch corps 100 strong,
with bands of music, followed by the lo
cal camps and those from across the bay,
will -escort H"ead Consul Falkenburg to
the : Mechanics' Pavilion, where Mayor
Schmitz will' deliver an • address of wel
come. A literary and musical programme
will follow and the visitor will deliver, a
fraternal address.
Thirty thousand tickets', of invitation
will be distributed among the. "Woodmen
who will participate in the parade for
their own use and the use of their friends.
Thirty •; Thousand-. 'invitations to Be
" Issued for tlie Reception in Me- '
/'^^chanics^Payiltan: • ; . ..
The generat com'mhtee. of l the Woodmen
of the World i appointed 'to. arrange for
the reception of -Head .Consul Falkenburg
met last night and 1 appointed' the- follow
ing sub-committees :,.'.'.";¦' . ;" r ,\ /'/. . • •
Finance— W. Dv Ferguson (chairman), Golden
Gate No. G4; A. .W. Wehner,. Redwood No. 91;
M. J. McCabe. Mission No. 264; J. M. New
bert. Western. Addition No. 306; J. F\ McElroy.
Tamalpais No. 427;. J. D. Peterson,- Calumet
N6. 436; W. R. Bell; San Francisco Na437; L.. :
H; de Curtoni. Richmond No. 470; D. L. j
9 Mayers California No. 634; George HUdebrand.
North End No. 046; -Dr. -A. H. Glanninl, Me-
Klnley No. 668. ' -. .
Parade — Grattan D. ;. Pnillips (chairman).
North End No. 646; X. J...Mahoney. Tama.lpa.ia
No. 427; A. G. Page, California No. 634.
Grand Marshal— J. S.' Patterson; Golden Gate
Music — H. L.. Springer (chairman) Western
Addition No. 306; John Boyle, 'Golden Gate No,
64: F. J. Tyrell. Calumet No. 436. ' ' |
Entertainment— W. B. Nye (chairman). Rich- ,
mond No. 470; J. F. • Brooks,- Golden Gate No. I
64- W. S. Shaw.iWestern Addition NO; 306. |
invitation — Fred C. Russell (chairman). Red- .
wood No. 91; G. W. Yost, Richmond No. 470;
J. T. Kane, Redwood No. 01.
•Floor — Dr. A. L. .White (chairman). .Mls
slon No. 264; Dr. M. B. Estes, Calif orniaTJo.
634; B F. Schell, San Francisco No. 437.
•Press and printing— T. I. Fltipatrlck (chair
man), McKlnley No. 668; J. M. Sauter. North
End No. 648; D. A. Ryan, McKinley No. 668.
Hall— W. B. Wilson (chairman),' San Fran
cisco No. 437; A. G. Gilson; Tamalpais No. 427;
C. G. Darling, Calumet No. 430.. |
lALKENBUBQ'S \. VISIT TO
san FRANcisGO Woodmen
The programme of "yesterday opened
with the 'Mozart- Symphony No; 5 (Jupi
ter). ' That was not -on: the whole so
satisfying as the Beethoven- of last week.
When an orchestra can play Mozart it
can play anything, and. there are " still
some things a little beyond our orchestra
despite the Mayor's generous . dictum.
The absolute* finish, subtlety of shading,
exquisitely exact precision demanded by
-Mozart, with his snare of seeming, sim
plicity, were not there, though tliere was
admirable- work done in the first and last
movements of the symphony, work evl
dencinar the steady stride of the orchestra
toward triumph. ' • '
The slow .movement lacked character
that clean 'drawing, that defines- with ex
aggeration the ; features: of a composition
—and was .not altogether sympatheti
cally conceived. The ? Mozart color was
caught In the scherzo,' though its delicate
shapeliness suffered from^a little heavi
ness of handling. J !¦ ' X ',¦ *
v The novelty of 'the afternoon was the
new overture by E. N. Reznlcek, "Donna
¦ Diana." It .is ;-a spirited-^-, and colorful
affair, a little - cheap x in its principal
theme, but skillfully orchestrated and a
picturesque addition to. orchestral litera
ture. - The .overtures was excellently
played by J the 'Orchestra/ Wagner's
"Traume" that game jxext, arranged for
'orchestra by Was "perhaps the
most happily conceived number on the
programme.. ¦ given,
with sentiment -'withotit*- sentimentality,
perfect poise and. mush tonal, beauty.
The Massenet "Scenes Pittoresuues"
closed- the programoi^TAuft i were inter
preted with, clean, flrnv. v igrip ¦ on their
characteristic modernity. ' Hearty ap
plause greeted r all: th6' numbers. . /;
§ The most successful of the Stelndorff
symphony concerts was , the T third .and
last of the first series of three,' given yes
terday afternoon at'the'. Grand Opera
house, j The improvement in the work of
the 'orchestra is ; simply astonishing and
the. appreciation of the . audience' keeps
.pace with it. The house was large yes
terday and "the success of the series has
encouraged the directors of • the sym
phony society to announce another series
of three j concerts for January 31,'Febru
ary 14 and February 28. ' Buf the sup
port must, be still more' substantial to
place the concerts On a thoroughly safe
basis, though "there 'appears to be
no doubt that that support" will now be
generously forthcoming. Mayor Schmltz,
in an enthusiastic little - speech, in which
he I referred to the Steindorff orchestra
as "not only on. a footing with, the best
in America, but also in' the world." in
troduced the matter of the' new series to
the audience, as an Institution meriting
their heartiest encouragement..--. .-
The Mayor's remarks^? as those of an
expert on his subject, were received with
much enthusiasm. ' - • . . .
Mayor v Schmitz Addresses
Audience and Oompli
ments j Musicians.
of Syrnphony Orches
tra Is Great.
ImprbvemeiiiH %& Work
THIRD CONCERT
IS SUCCESSFUL
. . An electric car • of • the 5 Post-street line
collided with a 1 sand cart at the crossing
of Market; and .Tenth streets yesterday
afternoon^; throwing Prank Maher,- the
driver of the , team, to — this • pavement.
Maher was considerably^ cut and bruised
about the head. :
Electric Car Collides With' Cart.
.Unusual. activity, is being, manifested in
the 1 Iroquois. Club.- Since j the initiation
fee was suspended . applications are
numerous, twenty-seven being: acted upon
at last night's meeting. Efforts to or
ganize districts clubs will soon be made
and an active campaign commenced prior
to the gubernatorial election. A delega*
tionwill visit the Iroquois Club, at Mar
tinez to-night. .The subject of the weekly
debate was private monopolies as opposed
to government ownership. The affirmative
was presented t>y P. F. Buettler and the
negative : by W. .M. Cannon.
Iroquois Latch String Is Out.
Document to .-accompany State University
diplomas-Marlon Sargeant BUnchard, San
Francisco; Francis Herbert . Dam, San • Fran
cisco.
"''-Special High School "life dlploma^-James J.
SchmJt; '.San •Francisco; » Walter A. Tenney.
Fresno, i/ ¦¦ • • .»
New issue lire diploma— Margaret S. Murray,
Humboldt. Originally dated March 28, 1878. ,
Duplicate lire diploma grammar - school-
Mary C. Flarldon, - Placer. > . Date of original
January 3, 1808.
JDr. William Ophuls delivered the second
of^ihra winter series of Lane lectures at
Cooper Medical College last night. His
subject was -"Natural Defenses of the
Animal Body." The lecturer dwelt upon
the emotions ¦ that give warning to the
Cisco; John Toland, Tuba;. W. D.. Tubbs, San
Bernardino; .Mrs';' Eva JR. ¦ Turner, Sonoma;
Maude M. Tuttle,' Santa Cruz. - .
MaryJ. Vlgnant, El Dorado; Nettie Vln
yarfi, Modoe.
J. Ed ward' Wall. Fresno: H. 1.. Ward,
Fresno ? Susie A. -Ward,' San Francisco; Lafay
ette W. Wa'rmoth Jr., Tehama; Mrs. Waldo S.
Waterman, San- "Diego; Theresa D. Wesson,
Calavetas;' Charles B}. .White, Orange; May E.
White, SonOma; Elizabeth Whitney, . Marln;
Henry. Adolph Wlerwlll. San Bernardino; Anna
X.. Williams. Modoc; Bertha. A. McCray Wil
liams, Sonoma; Helen C. Wight, Contra Costa;
M: Louise Wight, Contra Costa; May E. Wolf
Sacramento; Isabel S. Wolf, San Francisco;
Ollie Wolfenbarger, .Tulare ;• Miss Willie Wood,
San Diego; H. D:Wylle, Glenn "-
r EllaVSherburri' Yoerk, '• Sacramento; Joseph
Rarikln i.Youn^, Glenh:^ .. \ . ; ¦
Catherine Lessard Zanc, Humboldt:"': •¦
Second Lecture in Lane Course.
President, Charles S. Green of Oakland:
vice president. Miss Mary Walker of San
Diego;: secretary,. R. E. Cowan of San
Francisco; treasurer, F. b: Graves of
Aiameda. . ; ' '
At the close of the meeting the members
of the association sat down to. a banquet
Speeches were made by Professor Irving
Stringham of the University of California
and . John W. McNaught. ,
The members of the Library Association
of California held their annual election
of officers last: evening at the California
Hotel. The following officers were elected
for the ensuing year: •• \i -¦ . ¦ ••¦"¦
Association! Elects Officers.
: President 1 Harriman is a great believer,
in keeping roadbeds In fine condition and
jn straightening all possible curves, re
gardless of cost. It Is conceded that when
the improvements now ordered are com
pleted a reduction in the time table of
overland trains will be possible. .
R; J.Kil pa trick, who is at present stay-
Ing at the Palace, secured the contract for
the "firm of.Kilpatrick Bros. & Collins- for
twenty .miles; Stone & Co. of Oakland,
forty miles; Corey, Bros, of Ogden, six
teen, miles, and Erickson & Patterson of
this city, six miles, • • ¦
E. H. Harriman, president of the South
•ern ( Pacific- Company, yesterday author
ized^ the. letting of five big contracts in
; straightening the' road of the Central.Pa
cific line. The outlay on this work will
; be $1.7SO,pOO and: covers a distance of
'eighty-seven miles east of Vista. Nev.
Orders Tracks of Central
Pacific Railroad to Be
Straightened
The schooner Henry Wilson, which ar
rived from Grays -Harbor last night, re
ports that on January 15 a lifeboat from
the "Walla Walla , was picked up. The
point where the boat was found was about
eighty-seven miles . northwest of Cape
Mendocino, in latitude 41 degrees 27 min*
utes north and longitude 12? degrees 44
minutes west. The boat was, seen about
3 p'clock in the afternoon and soon there
after was hoisted I on board. (
Everything on the boat seemed to be
in perfect order. The life preservers were
In place and tied .to the thwarts, . There
was a cask of water, and a pint- bottle of
whisky in the bottom . besides a. portion
of a curtain: Speculation is rife' as to
why a curtain should be in the boat. The
captain of the Henry Wilson did hot re
port the number, of . the lifeboat. Im
mediately after arrival the Henry Wilson
dropped her anchor to the northward of
Arch rock and will come to dock to-day,
The recovered boat will be turned over ta
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Eighty-Seven^ Miles From' Cape
Mendocino.
linds It Tossing About in Ocean
SCHOONER PICKS T7P LIFE
BOAT FROM WALLA WALLA
HARRIMAN LETS
BIG CONTRACTS
Tehama; Mrs. Mary Johnston, Contra Costa;
Charles H. Jones, San Joaquin. • _ '
James Keith. Calaveras; Alice E. Kelly,
Contra Costa; Mary Feeny Kelly. Sacramento;
Henry A. Kendal, Humboldt; Annie B. Ken
nedy, Amador: Josephine T. Kenny, Alpine:
"Alice KUgo, Placer; Ausrusta L. Kuhls. Aia
meda; Sallie V. Kyne, Fresno.
Margaret Lahaney, San Francisco; Freda
Lambert, San Joaquin; Adeline B. Latham,
Shasta; Gertrude Leland. Santa Barbara;
Esther Levingston, San Francisco; An
nette M. Levy. Sari Francisco: Mary.G. l'Hom
medieu, San Francisco; Laura I. • Lowdon,
Shasta- Mrs. Grace Eaton Lowrey, Tehama;
Ellen Agnes Lynch, Tebama; Mrs. D.-B. Lyon
Jr.. Tehama: Grace \Y. Lyons, Santa Barbara.
Elizabeth L. MacNeil. Sonoma; Julia G. Ma
her San Francisco; Anna L. Martin. Orange^
Mrs Caroline Shaw Martin, Yolo; Kate Mason,
Del Norte; I>ewig M. Mason, Humboldt: Aman
da Mathews. Monterey; Mary Eugenia ;May,
Alpine- Harriet McAfee, San Francisco; Lu
eila F McCarthy. Santa Cruz; M. Emma Mc-
Croskey Santa Barbara; Jessie H. McDole,
Solano; 'Mary T. McDonnell, San Francisco;
Maude McDowell. Orange: Louise McElroy, Sani
Francisco; Eva McKee. "San Francisco; A. W.
McKenzie Lessen: Mrs. Anna M.McLauifhlin,
Shasta- Minnie E. McLaughlin, Napa: Mary
It McLay San Francisco: Jennie T. McLerle^
San Francisco; WIU L. McPherson, Marlposa:
Gertrude Adalr Miller. Nevada; M. Jennie Mil-"
ler Sonoma; Mrs. Elizabeth T. Mitchell. Pla
ceV- Kate A Mitchell. Napa: Thomaa-B.iMor^
fltt' Calaveras; Julia A. Monahan; Placer; 1
Laura K Mullen. Amador: Edgar E. Muller,
Kharta- Rosa Murdoch, San" Francisco; Jennie
L MurphV. San Francisco; Joseph C." Miller,'
Ventura.. .' . * " ,
Lena K. Nangle, Tehama; . J.ulla M. Nep
pert San Francisco: Louise C. Neppert' San
Francisco: Nellie Nevln, . Nevada; Nellie J.
Newbj- Ventura; Jessie C^ Nlcltle. Tehama;
Maria Nolan. Napa; Walter C. Nolan, Sonoma;
Ida J. Norton, Sonoma; Louise Nussberger,
Napa. . - ¦ • - '
Addle Oakley. Santa Barbara: . J,
O'Brien' San Francisco; Arthur T O'Connor, .
Nevada- Alice G. Button Ogden, Nevada; .M.
E O'Leary San Franclscd: Emma J. Onypn. .
San Francisco; Elizabeth ©'Sullivan, San Fran
cisco- Charlotte C. Otto, San Francisco.
Cora E. Palmer, Napa: Adah A. Parker,
Napa- Cora B. Patterson. Santa Barbara; Har
riet Wayne Peacock. Tulare: Fannie M. Pease,
San Diego: Mary Peltret, San Francisco; Ida.
M Perl San Francisco: Florence Perlet. San;
Francisco: Mary Lee Petti t. Yolo: W. ,B.
Phlllib-r Laesen; Essie G. Phillips, San-Fran
cisco; Mrs. Jessie M. Plevin. San Francisco;
Mrs Annie C Plummer. Placer ;*EUen' Wright
Pritchard, Tehama; Mrs. K. Ludgate Prouty.
A Te a n d nle" B. Radke, ; Santa -Cruz; Orvllle LV
Raper Glenn; A. A. Rathke, Aiameda ; H. G.
Rawlins 'Glenn; Josephine Ensign - Reynolds,
Lo* Ang'eles; Esther Rhine. Contra Costa; Jane
Richardson, Fresno; Josephine C.--' Rider, Na,pa;
Martha H. Ritchie; Ban Francisco; Mm. Ora
Robblns. Tulare; Hattie | E. Guptill Roberts,
Humboldt; Alice S. Rogers, Fresno: v Lydla
Grace Ross. Santa Clara; Ida Ro we, Monterey;
George H. Runckel,. Placer; John ,T. Russell.
Los Angeles; Helen M. Rutherford, San Fran
cisco; Matilda Ryan, Santa Clara,
Mrs Henry Sangulnetti, Calaveras; Bertha
A Brlgham Sargent, Sonoma; Mrs. . Mattie
Saunders. Santa* Barbara; Mabel M.'Shafer,
Sierra- Mary E.- Shoemaker,, Nevada;. Howard
P Short. Butie; Effle Edith Smith. San Fran
cisco; Jean E. ¦Smith, Sonoma; Luella Smith,
Santa Clara; Walter, B. Smith, Colusa; Emma
McL. Bmithson/ Ban Francisco; Annie. C. Sny-"
der. Calaveras:- Hannah " B. Sorrenson, Santa
Clara- Mary F. 'Epatildlngr Sacramento; Hattie
A Spencer, Orang« Winifred Spencer. Sonoma;
Wirt V. Spencer, Cjlaveras; Lottie M. Stanley,
Nevada; Mary,-B. -"Btarblrd."' San Diego; Jessie
Starratt. Fresno;' Ida E. "Stevens, Tulare; Mary
A. Stewart, Freenoj. Rose C. Stolz, San Fran- i
Cisco.. . •.r'-Vi. ¦'¦' - - ' v
Inez Tarr, Ventura; Mildred A. Thomas, Los
Angeles; Arabella Thompson/ Monterey; Minnie
J. Thurber, " Santa Cruz ; Robert , Hunter Thur
mond, Santa Barbara; Annie Tiling, San Fran-
that forty-four prominent Catholic young
men of this city will Join the local coun
cil to-morrow. The Installation ceremony
will be followed by a banquet, for which
great preparations have been made.
The Institution officers who arrived last
evening are all registered at the Palace.
They are:
Grand knieht, George A. Doston; deputy
grand' knight, J. D. Rodgera; chancellor" Dan
iel B. Carey; warden, M. C. Dolan; musician,
Samuel Youns; Joseph Newman and John H.
physical structure of. Impending danger
and cause the prudent man to need the
necessity of a change in the course of
dietary, mental and every-day procedures
of life. ' • •'.
Applicants for charter membership in San
Francisco Co;mcll No. 615 will assemble at
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street, promptly
at 12:30 o. m. Exemplification" of first de
gree. 1 p. m. ; exemplification of second de
gree, 2:45 r>. m. ; informal luncheon. 4 p. m. :
exemplihcatlon of third degree, B:15 p. m.;
banquet, 8:30 p. m.
Reddlnr-
The institution and entertainment com
mittees of the new local "council are com
posed of/the following named:
Jan: ea F. McCone. . Thomas E. Dunne, Neal
Power, A. P. O'Brien, A. F. St. Sure, Frank
T. Shea. P. F. McCarthy (financial secretary),
William D. O' Kane (treasurer).
Following Is the programme for to-mor-
Mrs. Cora M. Davis. El Dorado; Lulu B. Da
vis. Contra Costa; Dee Thomas Davis. Napa;
Mary Davis, Butter; Anna Gertrude Daulton.
Humboldt: Annie H. I>ealey, San Francisco;
B. F. Devore. Tuba: Joseph Dias, Aiameda;
Brltta C. Dixon. Lasscn; Leona Ti'alker Dodds,
Placer; Mary E. Doherty. San Francisco; Ella
O Dohn. Sonoma; M. Elma Dean Dorris.
Josephine Downey. Ean Francisco: Lena
M. Downey. Napa: Mame B. Dousrherly, Aia
meda: James Francis Duncan. Solano; Jessie
Alice Dunn. Shasta; Iola Dunning. Yuba; Mor
eiana Dunham, Fresno; K. Josephine Dyer.
Placer.
W. A. Edgar. San Bernardino: Lizzie En
flriss. El Dorado: Charles E. English, Shasta;
Atm*e G. C. Erb. Napa; Estelle Everett, San
Francisco.
Eva I. Fairyeather. San Francisco; Estelle
Farrinjrton. Solano: Josie Finane. Sierra; Hilda
Fleminn. Napa: Mary L. Floyd. San Diego;
Mary \T. Foley. Napa; Anna Foster. Yolo;
Elizabeth L. Frederlckii. San Francisco; Ed
ward A. Freeland. Amador.
Mary T. Gleason, San Francisco: Alvar Can
trell Glenn. E»n Joaquin; Dora B. Gllnes.
Fant3 Barbara; Leander Good. Orange: Isidore
Keller Grig«by. Napa: Anna M. Grozeller. San
Franriyro- Mae Van Gundy. Santa Barbara.
Oarri» Kaas. San Francisco: May E. Hal- 1
Icran. Humboldt: Nellie Hambley. Amador:
TJzzip G. Hannar. Calaveras: Harriet I.
Haraszthy, N'apa; Emily A. Hartrlck, San
Francisco; Elizabeth O. Haelam, Santa Cruz;
Elisabeth E. Hausrit. Calaveras: Nettie B.
Heath. Sacramento: Marie L. Heeardt. San
nernardino: Rose Hesardt. San Bernardino-
Edith F. Hoiry. Tu'are: Delia D. Hewitt. Ala
m«4n: Martha E. Hicks. Sacramento: Jennie
R Hir.flF. Fan Frpneisco: Grace M. JlitchinKs.
Huraho!<".t: M. O. Holt. Placpr; Addle B Hor
ton. San Francisco: Emllv House. Humboldf
ITuvelle Howard L<»K->: Felix E. Huber El
Dorado: James R. Hrffaker. Butter; Kate A.
Humphrey. Pan Francisco; Charlotte F. Hunti
San Francisco.
John A. Imrie. Xapa; Emma G. Ingemund
een, Naria.
T,ti]u Jark. San Joaquln: Edith K. Johnson.
High School life diplomas— Frank A. Gard
ner, San Francisco; Margaret G. Hyatt, San
Diego; 1* A. Jordan, San Francisco; Florence
Frag Kahn. San Francieco; Willard de L
KJngsbury. San Francisco; .Frederick Llddeke
Aiameda; Charles H. Xlelson, Solano; Louie
31. Reager, Glenn; James J. Schmit, San Fran
cisco; Perry T. Tompkins, San Francisco, and
William Albourn Wright. Butter. '
I>ocuments to aecompanv Normal School di
plomas—Olive v. Bradford! Chico; Harold E1U
worth Bowman, Los Angeles; Mary C Brig
nole. San Jose; Laura R. Brotherton, San Jose-
Agnes Carroll, ban Jose; Eliza Cross, San
Jose; Xathryn Daly, Chico; Josephine De Ber
ry, Los Angeles; Lulu A. Diffenbacher. Los
Angeles; Annie W. Gill. San Jose; Cora E Gil
lespie. San Jose; Sydney V. Good, Lob Angeles-
Mabel A. PendergriE* Greene, Chico; Kate
Has&erty, San Jotse; Grace I. Halsey, San
Joee; Mildred Hanson. San Jose; Effle I.
Hawkint., San Jose; Mattie B. Hudson San
Jose; Ina M. Jackson, Chico; Edith J.' King,
San Jose; Amelia A. Kirk; E. June Main San
Joee; Li 1 lie McKenrie, San Jose; Mrs. MillE
•Morgan. £an Jobe; K 11 za belli W. Satizlger, San
Jose; Etta L. Naumann, San Jose; Angeline
Potter. Chico; Matilda Ryan, San Jose; Ger
aldine Savage, San Jose; Wirt D. Spencer, San
Jose; Mary C. Terney.
Grammar school life diplomas — Jennie Ack
erman. Sonoma; Ida S. Aggeler. Humboldf
<»ba Algeo, Sutter; Endora C. Allen. San Ber
nardino; Josephine R. Ambrose, San Francisco;
Augusta F. Anderson. Santa Clara; Mary F.
Anderson, Santa Clara'; Nora Ashfield, Shasta.
Mary A. Backer. Fresno; Ida M. Bacon,
Fresno; Alice A. Bagley, Amador; Annie Irene
Bagley. Amador; Lulu Claire Bahr, San Ber
nardino; Bessie H. Baldwin, Humboldi; Ben
F. Ballard, Sonoma; M. Elizabeth Bang, Fres
no ; Ida M. Banta, Napa ; Johanna Barniekc 1,
Ban Francisco; Caroline M. Barron. San Fran
cisco; Blanche L. Bayies. Tehama; Emily
W'halley Beanston, San Francisco; Helen Pruitt
Beattle. San Bernardino: Anna L. Beatty Loa
Angeles; Rosaline M. Bell, Shasta; J. J. Berry,
Lake; M. Jennie Bickerstaff, Contra Costa;
Mrs. Liliie L. Birch, San Francisco; Alice A.
Blumenthal. San Francisco; Mamie B Berth
wick. Banta Clara; S. Boukofsky. San Fran
cisco: Josephine Rebecca Boyle, Sierra; Caro
lyn H. Bradley. Eanta Clara; Angle E. Brad
icy, Placer; Mar}' Brierton, -San Francisdo;-
Mona Broiroe. San Francisco: Viola Bruce, San
Francisco; Margaret A. Burnett. San Francis
co: Arthur Oliver Burke. San Diego; Gertrude
Adams Butler. San Bernardino; Harriet Foote
Buss. Orange. -.*¦'. - -
Eli Ralph Camp, San Bernardino; ilarle tt
Carew, Ean Francisco; Laura Kate Carlisle,
Piacer; Lucy A. Carpenter, Solano; Helen B.
Carr, San Francisco; Teresa A. Carr. Shasta;
Apr.es Carroll. Santa Clara; Alice Carroll, But
ter; Mertie Bennett Carroll. Napa; Rose Low
rey Cnannplin. Tehama: Gertrude Charles.
Humboldt; Marion Judson Cheatham. Glenn;
Jessie A. Chisholm, Lassen; Jane D. Christian
sen; Butter; Kate Newman Church. Humboldt;
Maud A. Clark. Lake; Sadie F. Clauson, Ne
vada: Eugene Francis Coleman Sr.. Solano:
Elvira <k>leman. San Francl6co; Margaret Eliz
ebeth Conlin, Nevada; Mamie Connelly, Ven
tura; Nora Connors, Amador; Bessie Corby,
Colusa: Hettie M. Corlett, San Francisco;
Mary Ruth Cox, Contra Costa; Lennie Craw
ford. Lake; Vivienne Crise. San Diego: Helen
T. Crocker. San Francisco; Leah Crolie. San
Bernardino: Nancy Eugenie Crookshanks, Tu
lare; Elvira S. Crosby. Placer; Margaret Ann
Cullen. Butte; Mary A. Cunnane, Banta Bar
bara; Mollie A. Curtis, Del Norte.
preparation of teachers* for secondary
schools, dealing rather with highly spe
cialized problems In which the lecturer or
professor is personally. Interested.
It was voted that life diplomas from
the following States be sufficient creden
tials to entitle holders to receive gram
mar school •certifica.tes in this State:
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Washing
ten, Virginia, Colorado, Idaho, Minnesota,
Nevada and Oregon.
_ The remainder of the session, up to the
hour of adjournment, was passed In com
mittee work touching the subject of cre
dentials for special high school certifi
cates. The report of the committees will
be acted upon at another meeting of the
board to-morrow morning.
The diplomas granted to-day were as
follows:
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 17.— Many life di
plomas, authorizing the holders to teach,
¦were gTanted at to-day's meeting- of the
State Board of Education and much busi
ness was transacted relative to the de
tails of school government.
A definite statement of the requirements
of a. course of pedagogy was prepared for
the guidance of county boards in select
ing teachers for secondary schools. The
statement makes the prefatory declara
tion that it is the opinion of the State
Board of Education that a great many of
the courses in pedagogy offered at the
various universities of this country have
little or nothing to do with the direct
Prepares Statement Defining
the Requirements for
Pedagoguea
State Board of Educa
tion Gives Credentials
to Teachers.
AWARDS MANY
LIFE DIPLOMAS
THESAy FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JAJSil^AR^^^j[902.
Prominent Young Catholics of This City Will Be Initiated Into the
Order at Gqlden Gate Hall~-Ceremony Will Be Followed
by a Banquet, for Which Great Preparations Have Been "Made
ARDENT KNIGHTS OF GOLUMBU5
ARRIVE TO INSTITUTE COUNCIL
The Knights of Columbus is a secret,
fraternal and beneficial society for Catho
lic young men. The order was established
at Hartford, Conn., in 1887. It was not un
til last year that councils were organized
west of the Missouri River. Since then
there have been councils rormed at Den
ver and Kansas City. A council was
formed in Los Angeles about a month' ago.
J. J. Gorman, the national organizer of
the Knights of Cblumbus, has been in this
city several weeks. He said last evening
of a council of the Knights of
Columbus, which takes place to-morrow
at Golden Gate Hall.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCBAI7 TSAVEL
I Skeens Painless Strlcturo Cure eradicates every
j trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing frcm the
: start, allaying inflammation and enlargement
'of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
! No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
positively ousranlaa a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
j Ve mean just what vre say, and it costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
j harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
' any address, our interesting boot, "An Honest
j Talk," containing many testimonials, also, a
COPP ¦¦' ' 15 DAYS' ¦ ." I
! r KCC TRIAL TREATMENT.
P. A. SKEW CO.i22Allas Bank Btdg., Cincinnati^
' OCEAlt TBAVEL. f '
T0Y01IS£NffisM
STBAMEBS WILL LEAVE WHART, COR-
ner First and Brannan. streets, at Veto, m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai . and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers' for
India, ete. Xo cargt received on board on
dr.y of Falline. - .
SS. HONGKONG SIARU..........J : ¦
Thursday. January. 30th. 1003
BS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
S3. AMERICA MARU.:.,..,.,,..'..
.". Friday. March 21st. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. - For
freight and rjassaee apply at company's office,.
421 Market ¦ street, corner First.*- <¦¦'* .*¦¦ \
W. H. AVERT. General Ag'nt. j
AMERICAN LINE. ' '
NEW Y0BK..80nTHaMPT0H, L0 tDOSi P\kn "
Stopping at Cherboursr. westbound.
From New York W«"lne«days at 10 n. m.
St. Paul.7> -Tan^arjSt. Pan!:. Feb. 10
St. • Louis J .Feb.' 5 St.- Louis. . . '. . . .Feb. 20
Philadelphia ...Feb. 121 Philadelphia ..Mar., 3
' RED STAR LINE}f|||
New York and Antwe»--»
•From New York Wednesdays at 12 nnnn,
Vaderland .... .Jan. 2&J Haverford .... .Feb. 19
Kensington -. . . .Feb. 5 Friesland .' Feb. 2ft
Zeeland Feb. 12 Southwark • 3 Jar. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION* CO..
" . - CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agftnt Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery St..
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ,
...Saturday. Jan. 25, '02, 2 p.m.
SS. SIERRA, for -Honolulu. Samoa, -Auck-
land and Sydney Thurs., Feb. 6, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPfcCXELS & BROS. «j Bmara. Annts. 327 lariscSt
(en'l Paoengar OJto. B43 larkst St., her lo. ?. PaciSeSt
C0XFASNI3 CENE3A« TEANSATuANTIQCS
lilKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
taillm every Thursday. Instead . ol «jScfVj?5i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier A2.WI*KMa
North River, foot of Morton atre«t. • ¦
- First elacs to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon.J
class to Havre. 145 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY KOn UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. -32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York! J. Yr FOG AZf r & CO.. Paclfld ¦ CoAsr*
ARrntr. ft Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets >old by all ltailroai Ticket Agents. *
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^, Steamers leare Broadwaj
fSjk^ Wharf. S.in Francisco:
BJBSJij^ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
tPi?* 5 $S««^ Skagway, «:c, Aiasia— 11 a.
• lfrfeK$S& m - Jan - "• la - ai ' 2flL 31<
I^.'2s3^e«l Feb - 5 - Chansa to company'j
JraJS^'vi-JraT steamers at Seattle.
**5iffl^S^l For Victoria. Vancouver.
If- port Townsend. Seattle, Ta»
¦^^% coma, Everett. New What-
ctrc— 11 a. m.rJan. 11. 1^ 21, 26, 81, Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company*! ¦teamers
for Alasia Ind G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or
coma to N. P. By.; at Vancouver to C. p. By.
For Eureka tHumboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Jan 12, 17, 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Saata Bar-
bara. Port Los "Angeles and Bedondo (Lo< An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundayi. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays » a.
For Loa Angeles, callin* at Santa CniA
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). •Qaviota, Santa Barbara,
i Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro, > Baa
I Pedro and 'Newport <«Bonlta only).
I Bonlta, 9 a. rn.. Jan. 2. 10, 18, 28. S>K- 8.
Coo* Bay. 8 a. m.« Jan. «. 14. 22. SOt- Feb. 7.
i For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josj del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th ot each
month. ' ' '
For farther Information obtain folder*. .
Right is reserved to change steamers o* sail-
in? dates.
TICKET OJ":FTCE * Nrtr JlonUomerj
6treet (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. At ents,
- - 10 Market it.. San Franelica
i Q.R& N- CO;
¦ Only S««AnmsiSUlX> Xjlno *e>
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor* Rail Line from Portland to all
-points East. Through Tickets to alt
t Dolnt*. f»H rail or «te»m«hip and rail, at
; XiOlVXISO 1 HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad MEAL3.
S3: ' w ;..^.^jan rfla i8:-isrF-bVT. ti
PANAMA R. R, 5^'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Clbin, $105; Steeraje, $40; Maals Fre*.
r.iO*Ar£yll -calls Tuesday, Jan. 28
*;>. G. Loelanaw coils .V.onday, Feb. 3
w. !». Argyll sails Monday. Mar. 10
From Howard-street -wharf at 2 p. ra.
Freight and Passenger Office. 830 Market tt.
' V. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast A«nt.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION \ CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
T6 Valparaiso, stopping 'at Mexican. Centra]
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
fUCAPEL Jan. 2SJPALENA Feb. 23
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15IA steamer. - —
• These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servica.
(No. change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ' passenger office.- 316 Calirornla street.
BALFQUB, OUTHRiTE & CO.. Pen. Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
.'• Stamen GEJf. FRISBIS or MONTICELLa
8:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. rn.. except Sua-
day. Sunday, 8:43 a. to., 8:30 p. w. Leares
Vallejo T a. m.. 12:30 noon, tf p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fars la
'cents. Talepaon* Main 1508. Laadin* and
office. ' pier 2. Mtitf lon~itrsst* * - BATCI4
I^FAAA BKVfAED. — We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $£000.
\. r% 1 1 1 w " l <5!» will be paid to any person who can and that the above testimonial letter
¦ra. II I Me 1 ia vot genuine, or was published before obtaining the -writer's »peciai per-
¥WWl?y mission. LydJ» E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mas*.
'-. Surely such endorsement should dispel doubt from the minds
of all Hesitating: women. After reading such a letter, if any
woman is Trilling' to remain sick, we can only say it is her own
fault and she deserves to suffer; for the medicine that cured Mrs.
O'Donnell and a hundred thousand others will surely cure her.
MRS. JENNIE K O'DONNELL.
"Dear Mrs. Pdhiham:— I haye never in' my life giyen what yon
would call a testimonial before,' but you have done so much for me that
I feel called upon, to give you this unsolicited acknowledgement of the
¦wonderful curative value of Xydia E. I*iiikl»am*s Vegetabro Com-
pound. For eight long years I had female trouble, falling of the womb
and other complications. During that time I was more or less of an
invalid and not much good for anything. 1 Four years ago I noticed a
book in the hall telling of the cures you could perform. T read it and
became interested, I bought a bottle of I-ydia E. Piiikbam's Vegetable
Compound and was helped, and decided to use it for a vear. but seven
months sufficed to cure me, and since that time I have simply had per-
fect health. Thanks, dear Mrs. Pinkham again, health such as I now
enjoy is worth all that and more."— Mrs. Jenntb (yDcnsnsnoj- 278 East
31st St., Chicago, 111. "\ V ,
The already enyiable, record of' Mrs. Finkhain's. great medicine becomes
more and more glorious every day, and how the glad tidings are spread among
¦women from the Atlantic to the Pacific is told in such letters as the one from
Mrs. O'Donnell herepublished. ;?-Vv' i- -
Sick Eight Tears mthv^Female^/^ ancf Finally
a Cured by Lydi^PinHan^s Vegetable Compound. ,
President Oa^i^d^Wonian's Riding
Club; Chicago, Sends an Unsolic-
ited Letter Tto/ Mrs. Pinkham, and
Wants It Published;! I
Few people;,, , kno w the :
comfort of
perfect riattiraP skin. :
- ";Ha^e;,!^ti^4se$ " Pears',
soap ?. - _ <- - .
. ,. . , '^lo'old alli'flserJthe world. . .,
For Stomach Disorders- :
Cout and Dyspepsia
Best NATU KAL : Alkaiijicj Water
- - aao SftOADWAYi'il.- T.
•• - '• • > ' ¦¦¦•-.' ¦-*¦:¦•*!•*'¦;;. bx : - ¦• • "¦ -.
A|PP r> HI! I 1 ~ jiCorner Fourth and
UHl L IIU 1 HL ¦¦•£-a-is«a
....-¦.,.¦ -, ... vfclj«e» checkad frut
Weak Men aiid^Woinen
SHOULD USE DAUIXNA- BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives ni&Uh t-nd
strength to sexual organs. Depot, £23 ; Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.- '
"Please don't publish my names'" Name
can be given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
"My sister found that after we. began
eating Grape-Nuts she had a much great-
J er supply of miuc for her babe. : ", We have'
quit eating hot bread and meat for. the
evening meal and take in place some nice
Grape-Nuts, with cream, and a little fruit,
and have all Improved greatly in health.
"We often eat Grape-Nuts dry as we
would candy or nuts and It has a richer
taste than" when soaked in water. The
best way is to put on some good, rich
cream.
"We soon noticed a difference in my
younger brother's face, which had been
pale and bloodless, and who had been suf-
fering from chronic inflammation of the
stomach. In a short time he began to eat
so heartily that we all remarked about it,
and before long he got so he could eat
anything without the least bad effect.
It Is better to have a food epidemic; In
a family than an epidemic of sickness. ! A
young lady out at Hibblng, Minn.", tells
about the way Grape-Nuts won her fam-
ily. She says: "When recovering from
typhoid fever my doctor ordered Grape-
Nuts Breakfast Food. I gained four
pounds the first week and, as the pack-
age -was kept on the table for me, the
¦whole family started to eat the new food.
FIXED THE FAMILY.
Grape-Nuts Set Them Bight.
GBAPE-U-TJTS.
ADVEBTISEMSNTS.
The troubles to \vhi,ch, women are subject because of their sex are many,
every day a' woman is liable to a new pain. Excessive worry may disturb the
menstrual functions and unsettle the nerves. Over-excitement may set up
inflammation- of the*ovaTies ; and v womb, -but wherever or; whatever the
trouble is Lydla E.Plrxkhiain's Vegetable Compound is sure to find and
cure it. Read - Mrs. < Q'DojmelTs letter and try to realize that such generous
testimony is not to be had for money, or any monetary consideration ; it is
purely out of the goodness of her heart and gratitude for her own cure that
by this act she is endeavoring to lead other women to health and happiness.
Mrs. Pinkhara invites all women who are ill to'-write her fo*
advice. Address Lynn, Mass., giving full particulars. >. wLOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
. LIVERPOOL.
\ Wheat— . . ; March, f May.
Opening 6 2%. 6 2%
Closing ....6 2% 6 2%
- . PARIS. . ¦
Wheat — Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening .- 21 90 22 00
Closing 2190 ..22 90
Flour— . , , ¦¦.-.
Opening .....27 75 '¦'¦>¦. 28 75
CToBlng 2780 2885
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago, Grain Market.
Bradstreet^ s ) on Trade.
STOCK MARKET.
Beans' and Seeds.
. ., There -is nothing new. to. report.' "¦ The market
for. Beans continues quiet. --..- ;,". , , ..: '.'
' BEANS— Bayos, - \ $2 50@2 60; . Small White.
$3@3 25;. Large : Whlte,' $2 90@3 io- ' Pea, | $3 50©
4; Plnk,:$2@2 20; Red, $2 50® 3; B lackey e, $3 50
Coitlnucd-on Page TWrteea.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN' BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make,' %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags
32®25c; Fleece Twine. ;7%®8c.'
COAL^-Seattle is lo'wer;; Wellington. $!) per
ton; Southfleld' Welllng'ton,' $9; Seattle $t> 50-
Bryaht, $6 50;' Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend*
$8 60; Co-operative TTallsend." $8 50: Cumber!
land. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg.;?15; .Welsh- Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $Ujper-ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and ?17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 45 per'2WW.lbs and $3 50 per
ton. accordln- to brand. ; -!•„»...
' - Harrison's circular,' says: .¦ "Since the Sierra
left there :havebeen:the following arrivals. of
coal from Newcastle, N. S.VW."," viz. Inversm
say, 2300 tons;vStrathdon, -3040 tons:- Eva
,:Cash • quotations .were -as follows:- Flour,
easy;' No.i 3: spring .wheat, .. 74%@77%c; 4N0. 2
red,^83%@85c: No.: 2 oats, 45V4®45%c;" No. 2
white, 47c; No.-3. white,. 46@47c; No. 2 rye,
62Vic; good feeding barley." 63% c; fair to choice
malting, 60@«4c; No. 1 - flaxseed, $1 65% ; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 68% ; prime , timothy seed,
$6 55; mess pork, per barrel, $16 70@16 75;
lard, per 100 pounds, $9 40@9 42% ; short-rib
sides - (loose); $8 35©8 50; ¦ dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 12%@7 26; short dear sides (boxed),
98 80@8 90 ; . whisky, « basis of high ¦ wines,
$1 32%; clover, contract grade, $9.75.
Articles— - .- j ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, . barrels .";... 22,000- 22,000
Wheat, bushels ........V; .92,000 - 35,000
Corn, bushels -:..........'; 97,000 '¦ 124.000
Oats, ic bushels "...-. ...... ."..230,000 .. • 284,000
Rye.. bushels :..;.;¦. ...:.-. 18,000" "3,000
Barley., bushels ............. <78.000'' •. 18,000
¦ ' Oa . the ; Produce Exchange to-day - the butter
All descriptions remained " unchanged.^ Hay
was very firm, but a good rain ; would proba
bly soften ' the , market. J "; Bran and ' Middlings
are steady.-' ! •-" '.- *..'•' •
¦ . BRAN — $18 50019 50 per .ton. .
• MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton!
•>.¦ FEEIJSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $18@18 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal atthe mill, $27@28; Job
bing. $28 60029; Cocoanut Cake. $20021 : Corn
Meal,. $31@31 60: Cracked ¦ Corn, : $31 60@32;
Mixed Feed, $16 50@17 50.
-HAT — Wheat, $0@12; fancy, $12 50@13;
Wheat and- Oat, $9@12 50: Oat. $8 50@ll 50;
Barley and Oat. $8@10; Alfalfa, $8®10; Clover.
$6 50@7 50: ' Volunteer, $6@8 50; Stock. $6@
7 50 per ton.' "•- * " - ' • :¦ '¦: '¦
STRAW— 30@47%c per ; bale. . '-;- ¦,':'".
Hay and Feedstuff s.
' Trading was light again on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange and quotations
showed no changes worthy of comment.
In the afternoon business tras better; with
eome fluctuation. ' Giant Powder wai ' lower
at $79 25@78. Oceanic at $40 25®39 50 and
Hutchinson Sugar at $14. California Wine sold
at $9t». - • - , < < ",
Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change in-1901 were as follows, compared with
1900: Of stocks. 382.117 shares, against 898 .
289; of bonds. $6.806. 120. against $5,742,970. "
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAUGE^
FRIDAY. Jan. 17—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. , pii* A«ir
4s quar coup.111-^112 Us qr c (hew)lSft " _
4s quar reg.lll%H2U 3s qr coupT'lOSV. Z
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
A!a A W Co. — — Oceanic 6s..ioT "1O"»
r r%^- k;- 116^ - Pac G Im "»'¦ 96 100'^i
?rt r!li ~ ~ Pk&CH6s..lO5 —
F^Helim = Pwt^t^^Uk 120
tSt« 5^ 9; 7Z ~ SF & SJVSs.121% —
LA Light 6s. — _ (WOO) 11 11; _.
•¦ Do gtd 6s. — -L natoi iiof 113
L A & P 5s .100 — (1905)Sr A.108% —
• Articles — ' Open. -High. Low. . Close.
•Wheat No. 2 — ¦
January".;.. 76% * 76% ' 76% 76%
May ...'.....' 80% ' 80% .79% . 80%
July.. ........ 80# . ' 80% -.¦'¦ 79% i 80%
'•Corn -No. 2— ' -»-.-?
vJanuary , .... 60 60%- 60 - 60%
¦May.... -63%: -.64 63 .63%
July.....;.. 63%- . 63% 62% 63%
Oats No. 2 — ' - ; '¦;-¦-
July ........ 40. 40% "•-39% 40 '
May -........• 45 -.' • 45% •-. 44% 45%
September..- 33%' 33% 33% " 33%
'Mess "Pork, per -barrel — '
January ....'.... ....; ... v . , . ' 16 65 ".
May.;......16'92%'.17 07% 16 85 ¦• 17 05 .
July; 16 75 - 16 92% ' 16 72% 16 90
. ¦ Lard, per ; 100 pounds " ¦ ¦ ¦- --
January ..:. 0 42% 9 42% 9 40 : 942%,
May ........ 9 67% 9 77% 9 65 9 72%
July'. .-..'..:., 9 70 ¦• .9 SO '-9 70 - 9 77%
Short Ribs, per. 100 pounds — -
January .;'.-.....•.'...... .'•..:.• 8 40 L
May .•.....•..'8.62% ¦ 8 70 ¦;. : .< 8.60 .; : 8 67%
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 60-
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 25 • for .Bakars' ; Washington Bakers'. $3©
3 25.' '-.... ".
. MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual - discount to the trade : • Graham
Flour, $3 per 100. lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75- R ye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn JHeal, $3 25
extra cream ; do. . $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,'
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
"V\ T heat; $3 60;" Farina," $4 60;; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),- $6 85@8 35
in sacks,- $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,'
?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. -
Flour and Millstuffs.
;-• Among the- industries; iron -and steel are still
.easily, first in,thervplume- of new business, and
; ln production,-.althougHj'the car shortage is
shown to have materially reduceH the "Decem
ber output of pig" iron," Sales "or the latter this
week have been-very heavy,- fully 160,000 'tons
having been taken, most of it at Plttsburg and
the bulk of -lt.-for. delivery tin 1 the latter 1 part
of. the year.. Prompt deliveries command a
premium and- the' same, is true of steel billets.
Conservatism '.in -the. matter:of advancing-plg
Iron prices Is still - noted. . Southern producers
announce , that ' they will „ discourage , any ad
vance beyond \$12". for No. . 2 at . Birmingham.
Conservative • plans "may, however, 1 be\disar
ranged if, the 'scarcity.. .becomes more -"acute.
Predictions • of' advances . in • foundry and char
coal" grades - are confirmed by *• price * chanaraa
,.; In , distributlya, trade' the.;, situation' has cer
tainly Improved!,' A larger, spring business has
been done In. cotton and /wiolen "goods." : Advloes
from the West are^^an.'enlarged spring Job
bing business, and .~coliectionaV:! remain satis
factory. Northwest advices ,are particularly
good, agricultural'- implements -and- dry. goods
being ordered and shipped in large volume.
Trade in the jSouthwest, continues satisfactory,
but the lackjof_n«ede**niolptUre.for < -the Vln- :
ter wheat crop is a disturbing element tend
ing to dull the edge of trade. It is to be noted
also that rain" Is" needed In the- wheat growing
sections of California. More is doing in lead
ing Eastern< textile V markets, prints .and ging
hams moving ' well s with -iobbers,-'. .while I a good
business Is . also in' .woolen": goods,
though the irew prices; made *are rather lower
than expected.^^There is eVea-Some improve
ment noted" in .Southern' trade, 'largely ¦ the re
sult of the firmer '.tone of ¦ raw cotton.- ¦¦ ¦ "¦ -
¦ The usual "January thaw". In prices' arrived
this week and "securities",'' food * products,', par
ticularly the cereals, 'pork and dairy, products,
coffee and sugar amohgJthe groceries, and cop
per among the., met als7?have" all 'weakened and
doee lower "oh 1 the* we'Vk^''!"' f*2*'l? *':' •' ." :
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— Bradstreet' s to-mor
row-will say: ¦ : ""' ;i V' f •'" - l ••¦' -• !r . -" ¦¦•;
HOPS — 9®10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local : dealers quote 10®15c
for shipment. \ • ¦ »<.
"WOOL — Fall, San-Joaquin, 6®Sc- San ~Joa
quin Lambs*. 7%@8%c; Middle County 8®10o
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; .light. 9c: Cow
Hides, 8%o for heavy and 0c for light-
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal 9U C -
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls 14V
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c: Sheepskins, shearlings. lsaiflc
each: short Wool. -40® 60c each; medium^©®
75c; long Wool. S0ag$l 10 each; Horse HldM.
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides,- dry,- $1 75 for large, $1 25@l 60 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 60c for Colts Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c: fall" or me
dium-skins, 30c; -winter or thin skins -20c
Goatskins— Prim© ADgoras. 75c; large' and
smooth. 50cJ medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. . 1 rendered, 5%®6c Der lb-
No. 2. 4 %«S5c;- grease. 2%@3c."
¦ There are no changes to report under this
head. . ' :'• .W--. ¦-'/-:/". '-. '*-\:.; • " ;- .#.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
*__ . _i _ . #
CHICAGO, Jan. 17. — Barring . several active
spurts wheat ruled quiet throughout : the day.
At the. start May had a more : steady tone on
the Influence of steady cables and dry weather
reports'. Opening prices were %o , lower to
%c higher, at 80%@80%c.' Foreigners were
reported buying, liberally in; futures, . but cash
business was scarce. "After yesterday's ex
citement '¦• there "was; not much j disposition to
take 'a stand one 1 way. or the other and the
trading 1 was -largely local.' Shortly after the
opening the weather bureau predicted rain for
some -of the wheat States and' prices at once
slid off to 79%c for May, but skeptical "bulls
bid it up again to 80%c. ¦ Rain talk and lower
closing cables again pressed prices back, but
the close was steady. May a shade lower at
80%<gS0%c. ... . . ' . .
Corn,' in general, found good support. Toward
the . end of the j session profit-taking;- and the
easier feeling in wheat lost corn some of its
strength, but May closed firm, %c higher,- at
63%c- . -
Oats were firm and quiet, supported weir by
professional traders. May " closed firm, I %c
higher at 45%c. ' .
Provisions had a dull but -firmer market.
Prices at the yards were better and local buy-
Ing brought a good advance all around. May
pork .closed 17%c. higher; lard 5cup and ribs
6@7%c up.
. The leading futures ranged as follows : ' :
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
»» S^ k ~" : $&2i H** 11 - l»w. Cloee.
Atchison 17,400 77 75% r&L
Atchison ofd ...... 4.925 .98% 972 os'*
Baltimore & Ohio*.. 4,400 103% 102% 103 •
Bait &¦ Ohio pfd... 100 96% 86% 9614
Canadian Pacific... 6,600 114% 113% 114H
Canada Southern... 600 86% K<\y. 86%
Che« & Ohio 1.200 46% • 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton... 800 35»i 34% 35T4
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 100 76% 76% 76%
Chero. Ind & Louis. S.000~* 81% 61 • 53U
Ch*ro Ind & L pfd. 700 76 14 75% 76«
Chro & Eastern III. ....." ......... 134U
Chgo & Great West 2,300 23*4 22 T 4 23U
Chro&GWApfd .... .... 83%
Cfc*o A: G W B pfd 300 44% 44% 43%
Cfcffo & Nwetrn.... 600 208% 205% 208%
NEW YORK. Jan. 17. — There was Increased
activity In the stock market to-day, but the
dealings did not rise much over half a million
chares and were largely congested In the few
stocks which were favorites in speculation.
Professional manipulation had not a little to
do with the advance in prices at some points
and the movement was clearly directed against
the ehort Interest, which had been accumulat
ing during the downward course of prices this
¦week. The recovery from a recent illness of
• leading operator who is commonly credited
with the leadership of the active forces of
the market on the bull elde was believed to
explain an important part of to-day's transac
tions. The factors which accounted for the
rise were partly in the shape of value Intima
tions and general aspirations and general as
certions. rather than of explicit Information.
Thus, statements were circulated as to the
phenomenal earnings of the anthracite carriers,
which were asserted to reach 13 and 20 per
cent for the leading high-priced stocks. There
•w*» no difficulty found in marking up these
stocks and there was a very heavy demand at
the same time for the lower priced stocks In
the group, especially the Readings. There were
resulting advances In Lackawanna of 11 points
New Jersey Central, ex-dlvldend. 314, Reading
8% and other members of the group 1 to 2
points. The movement was extended In eome
measure by sympathy to some of the soft
coalers. There was continued strength In the
Southwestern railroads as a group at advances
of 1 to 3 points. The Industrials were strong.
Sugar. Amalgamated Copper. General Electric
end the local tractions showing gains of l.to 2
points. American Tobacco gained another 35
points to-day, selling at 235, with a later bid
at 245. This ptock is exchangeable at jar for
200 of Consolidated Tobacco 4s. There is said
to be less than. 6 per cent of the stock still
outstanding. Very glowing accounts were put
out of the rate of expansion of the tobacco
business. American Tobacco preferred gained
6 points. Late In the day St. Paul was bid
up quickly nearly 2 points and other grangers
and Pacific* hardened in sympathy. This late
movement was the effective factor in keeping
the doping firm, as a wavering . tendency had
developed before St. Paul's rise. ..The bulls
had In their favor the prospect of a strong
bank return to-morrow.
The railroad bond market was active and
strong, mortgages of railroads in the South
west being ir 1 particular favor. Total eales,
par value. $4,075,000.
th L Ys' d 68 bonds w * r * W1 unchanged on
New York Stock Market.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half -barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9%c: five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels
pure,ll%c: 10-lb tins, 1214c; 5-lb tins, 1294c:
3-lb tins, I2%c. ' • "
This market remained dull and unchanged
CURED .MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured'
"Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams, 11%®12%c; Mess Beef, $10® 10 50 per
barrel; extra Mess, $11® 11 50; Family, S120
12 50; prime Mess Pork $15; extra clear
$22 50©23; Mess. $18 50@19; ¦ Smoked Beef'
13%@14o per pound.
The Chicago market was higher. There was
good local buying, with selling by . the coun
try longs. Stocks of Lard were estimated at
70,000- tierces, an Increase of 25,000 since Jan
uary 1. The Cincinnati Price Current report
ed that since November 1 there had been
6,895,000 . hogs packed, against 5,805 during
the same period last year, an increase of
1.085,000. . '
Provisions.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular' Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls,
83%c. .
Afternoon Session — 2000 ctls 82%c. : -
• OATS — As far as the trade can learn no
Government awards have yet been made,
though there was an unconfirmed rumor a day
or so ago that 1500 .tons had been awarded to
this market. The .matter ought to be decided
any day now. The market continues quiet, but
firmly held. • • •
Grays,- $l,20@l 27%; ; whites, $1 20® 140:
Surprise, $1 40@l 42%: black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed: red, $1 25@1 35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for seed.
, CORN — Chicago was several fractions firmer
and reported heavy j buying by several large
houses. 1 . : :
.This market was firm and holders asked all
sorts of prices, ¦ though the quotations > below
seemed to be generally accepted as the nearest
Large yellow, -. $1 45; small ' round do
si 50@l 55; white.' $1 S5@l 45 per cental. '
RYE — 85@87%c per ctl. : • -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
InSormal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. ,
Afternoon - Session — May — 2000 .ctls. 81 10;
8000, $1 09%;- 2000, $1 09%; 38,000. $1 09%.
December— S000.-$1 10%.
BARLEY — Dealers quoted previous prices,
with not much demand.
Feed, 83%@85c for choice bright. 81%@82%c
for No. 1 and SOc for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87%@90c; } Chevalier. S5c@$l
per ctl. ¦ \ - . 1
Chicago stood about the same, and reported
some good buying, including liberal orders from
New York. The local crowd seemed to have
sold themselves to a standstill, and the de
mand: was steadily broadening. The North
western Miller said that there was a good de
mand In the winter wheat belt for Cuba and
the South, but a poor demand for the East.
It also said that the condition "of winterwheat
was improving under milder weather. Against
this report, however, was the prediction by the
Weather Bureau of rain or snow in the belt,
accompanied by zero temperatures at some
points, and this brought out a .lot of long
wheat.- New York reported less export busi
ness, with foreign bids lower and out of line.
The same condition prevailed in the flour busi
ness, there being a fair demand for export,
but at bids which were too low.- «
This market was very dull at unchanged quo
tations. -.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $108%; milling, $1 10
@1 12% per ctl.
"WHEAT — The foreign markets were steady
to firm. - : .•-.-.
Wheat and, Other Grains.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7®8%c for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; EvaD
oratcd Apples. 7%®8%c: sun-dried, 4&4UcT
Peaches, 5@7»ic; fears, 4%@8%c; JMuma
pitted, 4®6%c: unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines aa
5%c for red and 5%@6%u for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 60@75c per box for white
PRUNES— 1901 crop- are quoted as follows
30-40's. 6®6%c; 40-50's, 4%@5Kc; 50-CCs, 4U
#49ic; 60-70-s. 3*4@4Kc; 70-80's. 3%©3%?
80-00-s. 2%@3%c; 90-100' e 2%@2fcc per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa, ?2 50; fancy, $1 75- 4 I
crown. *1 60; London Layers—Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown,. 6V£c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 6c: Seedless Sultanas. 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached Sultanas— Fancy
8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 6%c"
unbleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompson's
—Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded 7c :
choice seeded. 6%c; do. In bulk, fancy. «3ic
choice. 6%c per lb. " 7 * fc>
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll®12c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9®10c for eoftshell and 6@7c for hard
shell: Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. Il@l3c:
Cocoanuts, $3 50®5. - .
HONEY — Comb, 12®13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
6@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27% ®29c per lb.
The market for everything remained with
out change.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Saturday; probably rain; fresh
southeast winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday; probably rain in central and
northern portion; fresh southeast winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; light
northerly •winds.
JCevada-r-Cloudy Saturday: fresh southerly
•winds.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in California and has fallen about 10
<*.errees in Arizona and Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 18. 1902:
A moderate disturbance now overlies the
Washington coast. Rain Is falling from Port
land north and conditions are favorable for
rain at far south as San Francisco by Satur
day night. .
FORECAST
Boston, 44-16; Cincinnati, 34-20; Phila
delphia. 46-18; New York. 40-16: Kansas City,
40-32; Jacksonville, 64-36; Omaha, 38-30; Du
luth. 22-18: Chicago. 26-22; Salt Lake City,
SS-32: Bt. Louis. 38-30: Washington. 44-24.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 47.
Sterling Exchange,- 60 days..... — (4 84%
Sterling' Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — ' 4 88^1
New York Exchange, sight.... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - 12%
Silver, per ounce — • 55x5
Mexican Dollars 44% ® 45
Exchange and Bullion.
APPLES—^1 50@l 75 per box for extra. 73o
<g$l 25 for good to choice and 25S60c for or
dinary.
PEARS— Winter kinds, " 75c® 92 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c©ll 60
for Btandards,»$l 5O@2 for choice and $2 25422 75
for fancy; Seedlings. 50c® Jl; Tangerines
$1@2; Japanese ; Mandarins. 73c@?lu Lemons'
50c@$l ior common and $1@2 for good to choice
and $2 25® 2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit. *1@2-
Mexican Limes. $5@5 60; Bananas, SI 75i»s
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and $1®1 73
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3®4 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Four cars of Oranges were auctioned, us fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 3Cg:2 15; choice do,
65c@$l 60: standard do, 60c@$l 20;- seedllngsl
40©90c. . Six ' boxes seedless Lemons also
brought .$1 50 per box. The demand for Or
anges was slack, as all sizes are now plenti
ful and weak. ..-..- - ..• t. .-;. '•-'-_.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Do. smoked.... 15^25 Crtwflsh — ©10
Sardines 100 — Crabs, each 13020
Shrimps — @10 Mussels, quart. ¦..—# «
Shad 10@ — Oysters. Cal. 100.4<va5n
Btrtped Bass 15@20 Do, Eastern, dz. 23^ 10
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces tha following retail prices
for meats:
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 14@18 Corned Beef 891O
Ham 13@17 Roast Lamb. ,.12%@13
Lard 15@— Lamb Chops. ..12%^18
Pork Sausages.l2%'S13 Roast Mutton.. 10^12^
Smoked Beef 17@20 Mutton Chops.. 10@12i-3
Roast Beef 1O@18 Mutton Stew — &'&
Tenderl'n Sfk.l5®17H Roast Veal 10015
Porterh"se do. .17Vi@20 Veal Cutlets. ... .15<H IS
Round Steak. .10@12% Roast Pork 12%@15
Beef Stew.,;,.... 8@10 Pork Chops — ®15
Poultry anJ Game —
Hens, each 50@75 1 English Sni pe.
Young Roosters. per dozen... $3 003
each 6Oi385 Jack Snipe 175^
Old Roosters, ea.50i»t>5 Mallard. pair...78cS«l
Fryers, each 50<Q65 Canvasback
Broilers, each .... 60®80 pair !.75c@$l 25
Turkeys, per lb. 18^22 Sprig, per pair..50-g75
Ducks, each 50@75 Teal, per pair 4O<33O
Geese, each.. $1 50@l 75 Widgeon, pair. . .<ibZo»
Pigeons, pair 40(850 Small Duck. pr. .25®—
Squabs, per pair. 50@«0 Wild Geese, per
Doves, per doz— ©Jl 50 pair 75cg$l 00
Rabbits. each..,l5@20 Brant, each 25333
Hare, each — @20
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears, . Grape Fruit, per
each 25®50 down 75c@$l 00
Almonds 15@20|Limes. dozen.. ..— -@10
Apples 3@ 5 Lemons, doaten...20<330
Pecans — ®20 Oranges, doa 2O®«o
Brazil Nuts 20® — Pears, lb SaiSH
Bananas, doz 15@25 Pineapples, ea. ..3O@5O
Cranberries, qt.. — @15 Persimmons, doz. — ©20
Cocoanuts. each. — @10 Raisins, per lb.. 5@15
Chestnuts, per lb.l5@20 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2%<ai5
Dried Figs, pr lb— @10 -w-*
J Vegetables-
Artichokes, dz..$l@l 50 Okra, dried, lb.. ©40
Beets, dozen 10® — Potatoes, pr lb 202%
Beans, white, lb. 6#— Parsnips, per dz 10®—
Colored, per lb. 5© — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima. lb. . 6® % bunches 15Q"0
Cabbage, each... 613 — Sweet Potatoes
Celery, head 5® — per lb ' 29 3
Cress, dz bnchs 20SJ.10 Sage, doz bnchs'.2o«30
Cucumbers, dz.$l 50(g2 Strinar Beana, per
K«k flam, lb 3Ui& — pound 20325
Garlic 4^ 6 Summer Souash
Green Peas, lb..-10® — per pound . ' ©23
Green Peppers.lb — @30 Sprouts per lb 5S tt
Lettuce, per doz.l5'u20 Spinach, per lb" 5«_
Leeks, dz bchs..l5J20 Thyme, da bchs.25^30
Mushrooms, lb.. .50(9)75 Turnips, per doz 10-3
Onions, per lb.2%'33% Tomatoes, -per lb'l3S—
Fish —
Carp —#12% Sea Bass _ -a>—
Catfish 15<§— Smelt3 (B«>o
Codfish 15@— Soles '.i(yS12~j
Flounders . . . .12\.y<2— Skates, each 8#15
Halibut v — @15 Squid — (§— -
Herring 8® — Tomcod '.ViV,®i~
Mackerel 15@— Turbot 15<a2S
Do, horse 10® — Trout — -^
Perch 8@10 Brook Trout. ..'.!— 3—
Pomplno 75c@$l 00 WhlteHsh ..10®
Rockcod — ©15 CTams, gallon 60® —
Rockflsh — @15 Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh ..20@25 per pound StJIO
Fruits and Vegetables remained about th«
same. There were more Oranges on the mar
ket and they were riper. Some of the South
ern Vegetables showed the effects of, frost.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel ,...$^— <313 00 Southfleld
Wellington @11 00 Wellington $ il 00
Seattle @ 9 00 Coos Bay... ©7 00
¦ Dairy Produce, etc
Butter, choice, sq50@60 Ranch Eggs, per - ; I i .i. i
Do, good .40-g>45 -dozen .../..... 23#30
Packed, per lb..25@— Eastern Eggs.... — <S25
Cheese, Cal 15@17 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17@20 • pound 15320
Chee*e, Swiss.. ..20035 Do, extracted.. 8@10
Common Eggs. . . — @25
Housekeeping bills were a little smaller
this week than last. There was quite a de
cline in Eggs, which are coming In too heavily
from the country, and almost all kinds of
Meats were 2%c per lb lower, the wholesale
markets being better supplied. There was no
particular change In Butter, Cheese and Poul
try.
EVAPORATED APPLES— A fair business
was transacted in the market for evaporated
apples - ; to-day, with .full- prices paid -for, all
lots. The feeling at the close was steady.
State, common to trood, 7@S5ic; prime, 9%@
9%c; choice, 9%@10c;fancy, 10%@llc.
Calif crnla dried fruits' were slow but steady.
PRUNES— 3?i@7c. ' :•¦
APRICOTS— Royal, 10®14c; Moorpark, 9%
@13c. "
PEACHES — Peeled, 16©20c ; unpeeled, 7%@
12 %c. ¦ <--j!5-.«.-, '-¦•".
DRIED . FRUITS.
* : ¦ — — *
. :NEW YORK, .Jan. 17.— FLOUR— Receipta,
12,307 barrels: exports, 10,882 barrels. Quiet
but steadier. on. the firmness in wheat. "
WHEAT — Receipts, ; 90,250 bushels. ! Spot
firm. No. 2 red, 88c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
90Vic elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86% c
f. o. b. afloat. Options , opened steadier and
well sustained -all. the morning by .foreign de
mand, cold -weather: In the Southwest, .better
cables and small winter wheat offerings. Sub
sequent realizing, inspired by less active ex
port inquiry and talk of snow in winter wheat
States caused declines, but the market finally
recovered with corn and closed firm at %@%c
net advance. March, 85%@S6%c, closed 86%c;
May. S5@859£c,; closed 85%c; July, 84 13-16®
86 5-lCc, closed, 855iC
.HOPS — Quiet.
; HIDES— Steady. - ¦
'WOOL— Dull. : '--' f """ y^:.
COFFEE — Spot Rip;"ta«y: No. - 7 'invoice,'
6 7-16c: mild, quiet: Cordova. 7%<3>llc. Fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to. 5 points
lower. Total sales, 49,500 bags, including:
January, 6<f 6.05c; March, 6.10@6.20c; -May, 6.30
@6.35c; July, 6.45c; August, '6.60c; September,
6.60@C.65c; October, 6.70c; .November, 6.75c;
December, 6. 30® 6. 90c. . )
SUGAR — Raw. dull: i fair ¦- refining, 2 7-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined was quiet..,' . . .
* r j : *
NEW YORK, Jan. 17. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
January 16. with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared -with the correspond
ing week last year: -if ¦ • ¦". . -, .
',."; ' "Percentage.
Cities— " Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York....... $1,569,837,298 ....:; 17.7
Chicago 171,342.493 18.4
Boston 156,002,354 .... ' 1.0
Philadelphia ....: 118,780,600 "'10.2 ....
St. Louis, :.-^..- 53,28r>i495. . 28.2 ....
Plttsburg ....... 45,065,382 . 17.1 ....
Baltimore ¦ 24,813.401 • " ....
San Francisco'.... ¦ 25,743,471 .13.6 ....
Cincinnati .,.* ..21,746,600 ..: 2.9 ....
Kansas City " - 21. 168., 148 17.8 ."...
Minneapolis ; ... .? "14,941,504 : 41.2 ....
Cleveland ..;¦.'.'.:.' J 15,26i;46-T - : 14.7 ....
New Orleans. .;;. ' "^18.718,918 - 30.8 ....
Detroit •./::-. U'- 16,015,703 ••..53. 7. ....
Louisville ..¦.;:¦..: '10,887,1462- 7.1 ¦ ....
Indianapolis :;^.-i " 9,861,901 " ¦-. 20.7 - .-•
Providence : ....1 ¦:'¦,_• •¦ 7,835,100 •• i 6 7
Omaha i....,:' -7,296,720 ; 15.0,..
Milwaukee . , .-. . .- . . -, .- • 7,678,280 . 21. 1
Buffalo ..'.' 6,277,775 ¦ .1 . ...
St. Paul ......:..' \ 5,629,310 .'V 9.7 ....
Savannah ......... 3,970,754 "24.5 ....
Denver .'.".."' 5,980,837 4.0' ....
St. Joseph ;.;; 6,729.755" 31.5
Richmond .;; ' ' 4,498,413 -22.9 '....
Memphis ......... .3,788.869 7.8
Seattle ."...'.;."..-.•" ' 2,938,936 -31.2. . . .
Washington 3,317,879 4.8 ....
Hartford .". .; .. 3,003,847 :, , t 1 . 1
Los Angeles .-..t.y> 1 4,329,492 i JjiCl.l ....
Salt Lake City.i . } 3".501,0OI ? If* 4.4 ¦ - ; . . . .
Toledo :.f ' 2,879,710 i "-. 8.9
Portland, Ore./.. ' n 2,884,573 * ' ; 2.2 ! ;...
Rochester 2,439,485 • .9' ....
Peoria .,....„.. ,.,2,873,176 .. 2.0
Fort -Worth •. .V. .'-. ' i 2.31 8,519. '; ..T. 51.9
Atlanta . ...»i^-"( ¦ • ? 3.175,086 •" 24.5 ....
Norfolk . .". .;. ".^;, ...' 1,526,745 •- 3.0 ....
Des Molnes.. :.;..; 1,921.014 : 19.6 ....
New Haven.. T.". : " 1,960,399 '4.4 ....
Springfield, Mass. 1,708,992 15.8 ....
Augusta 1.478,268' 6.4 ¦
Nashville .:: 1,928.392 13.0 ....
"Worcester ........; 1,723,928 9.4 ...»
Grand Rapids.... 1.747.H30 12.0 ' ....
Ploux City • 1,566,167 22.2 ....
Dayton, Ohio.".... 1,528,042 29.1 '-.•...
Syracuse 1,512.515 11.4
Portland. Me...;. • 1,282.354 . ..,. 4 3
Fpokane 1,417.584 41.8 ....
Tacoma 1,266.584 3.0 ....
Evansville 938,779 . 28.8 • . .". .
Wilmington, Del.. 1,189,206 21.4 ....
Davenport .....:. 950,646 13.6 • ....
Fall River ...... 1.389.490 ....
Blrminsbam . .'. . 1.204.928 85.2 ....
Topeka .- 1,640,009 44.3 ....
Macon . 790,000 4.8
Little Rock .. 908,208 52.6 ....
Helfna 761,021 -..;.
KnoxviUe ;...... 747,729 22.6 ....
Lowell r. .796,375 13.8 ....
Wichita 781,058 60.0 ....
Akron ;. 780,600 37.3' "....
New Bedford .572,101 24.2 ....
Lexington ...:...: 674,082 15.8 ....
Springfield, 111... ¦, 765.924 75.4
Blnghamton ' 353,500 ' 24.5
Chattanooga . 302,655 30.8
Kalamazoo 604,041 . ' 31 9
Fargo ........... 424,187 39.0 ....
Youngstown 545,427 53.0 - ....
Springfield, Ohio. 408,239 16.5.
Rockford 363,592 26.0 .;..
Canton .' 397,000- 25.6 ' •..;.
Jacksonville .....' 454,350 87.9 * ....
Eioux Falls 234,128 64.7.'....
Fremont 239,250 64.8 ....
Bloomlngton, 111. 378,811 •' 75;8 ....
Jacksonville, 111.. 207,231. -27.7^ ....
tColumbus, . O 8,130.900 45.1 .....
IGalveston 7.506.000 . .". . 8.4
tHouston ........ 11,647,233 . 27. » '....
JWheellng, W.Va. 867,117" .... ...;
JChester . 304.275 .... ..18.4
{Colorado Springs 986,163 .... 19 4
tWllkesbarre 866.419 ......
Albany '6,265,908 87.4 - ! .".•..-
Beaumont ....... ' "370,077 : ... . '.:/..
-Totals. U. S.;. $2,433,853,063 ' " 6 7
Outside N. Y.. 864,015,765 -13.0 ....'
CANADA.
Montreal .$17,622,604 4.0-,. .
Toronto 14,867,160^ 29.1 ....
Winnipeg .-: ..-3,180.004 ; 10.4 ..;.
Halifax ............ ,1,962,525 -32.2 . ...:
Vancouver, B.C. . 187,118. 2.2 *..."
Hamilton 864.182 8.5 .
St. John. N. B ¦ 695,186 • 1.7 ....
Victoria, B. C , 637,355 .... 50 1
SQuebec 1,234.009 .... ..
Ottawa ......... 1,575 552 " ..;. ...;
Totals, Canada. .. $40,616,194 '. 14.4 ,' ....
tNot included . In totals because • containing
other items than clearings. ' .',¦'¦.?"£ ¦"¦>¦
JNot included In totals because 'of no com
parison for last year. '•-. ";. ,',::;• .\if£: '¦- ¦ '
'¦ -'u FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY IT.
Flour, qr sks... 18,2401 Middlings, ska.. 273
Wheat, ctla .... 230 Hay, tons 67»l
Barley, ctls .... 9,045 Hops, bales S2
Tallow, ctls .... 251 Leather, rolls .. IS5
Sugar, ctls 2.000 Hides. No 7CO
Rye, ctls ... 2.3&0 Pelts, bdls 248
Corn, ctls .. 490 Lime, bbls ...... 1.15
Beana, sks ¦ 2.117 Wine, gals 36,350
Potatoes, ska .. 6,960 Chicory, bbls .. ¦.; J . 13
Bran, sks 600
OREGON.
Oats, ctls I.IOO; Potatoes, sks .. 270
Receipts of Produce.
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 15.62 30.13
Red Bluff 00 10.46 13.97
Sacramento OO 6.34 10.36
San Francisco 00 5.94 11.60
Fresno 00 3.25 7.02
Independence 00 1.38 5.00
San Luis Obispo 00 4.56 20.54
Los Angeles OO 2.46 7.56
San Diego .OO .77 2-45
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
53; minimum. 42; mean, 48.
The . following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, «s compared with those of sune date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17—4 p. m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
EGGS— Ranch 22@23c for selected large and
20@21c for good to choice; »tore. 2O®21c per
dozen; cold storage. Eastern, 18@19c
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old. 10@10%c
Young America, 12%@13o; Eastern, 13@15c
per lb. '
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per lb for
fancy, 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy. 17%@22c; store Butter. 14@17c per lb-
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Kes'
ltt@18c per lb.
Cheese continued weak under large supplies.
' Receipts werfe 27,200 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 714 cases of Eggs,
— — cases of Eastern Eggs, 4500 pounds of
California Cheese, pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
Butter remained, about the same. Fine
creameries were quoted firm, while the med
ium and lower grades were slow.
Eres aro getting demoralized. -Almost
every dealer has- far more than he can work
off, . and - the unsold piles In the stores are
steadily growing larger. The best ranch are
freely offered at 22c in lots, though small sales
at 23c are reported, especially If the goods are
delivered. Store Eggs are bringing almost as
much as ranch, being almost as good at this
time of, the year, when the weather Is cold.
The Exchange reduced Its quotations to 21@22c
for ranch and 2O@21e for gathered, and prices
on the street were not -much better.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The San Francisco Produce Exchange has de
clared a dividend (in dissolution) of $1340 per
roembec. payable immediately, as the result
of the eale . of the property to the new Mer
chants' Exchange, of which the members, will
pay back $500 to the Merchants' Exchange to
cover their membership.
Produce Exchange Dividend.
' Do pfd.. .lOOUiOntarlo & West. 34%
Bait & Ohio..... 105 \ Reading ..... 2814
Canadian Pac ...117%) Do 1st pfd....l41%
Ches &: Ohio.... 46% I Do 2d pfd..... ..31%
Chic Grt West.. 23- 1 Sou Railway....- 33%
Chic M & St P.. 166%' Dopfd. .95%^
Consols for money 93% NY Central:.;.. ".167%
Do for acct.... 94 Nor & Western.. 57%
Anaconda ....... 6% Do pfd:........ 94
Atchlson ..¦...:.. 78 % No Pac pfd . .". . . . 102 .
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Adams Oon 25 Little Chief ..... 12
Alice 45 Ontario ....;....g 00
Breece 70 Ophir...... 78
Brunswick Con.. 09 Phoenix ........ 05
Com Tunnel .... 05% Potosl ...... 14
Con Cal & Va...l 40 Savage ".' 06
Dead wood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada. . 18
Horn Silver ....1 80 Small Hopes ... 88
Iron Silver 60 - Standard" .' 3 45
Leadville Con ... 05 -
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money— • Do prefd .94%
Call loans... 4@5 Mining— . .
Time loans 4@5 Adventure .... IRTi
Bonds— AUouez 2tt
Atchlson 4s..... ..102 . Amalgamated ... 7o2
Gas lsts 83 Baltic ............ 33%
Mex Central 4s... 81 Bingham 20%
N E Gas & Coke. 57' Calumet & Hecla.580
Railroads — Centennial 12
Atchlson 76% Copper Range ...-62%
Do prefd ...... 98 Dominion Coal... 58
Boston & Albany. 262 • Franklin ...v.. ..' 11%
Boston & Maine. 192% Isle Royale 20%
Boston Elevated.. 166 Mohawk . .. 29
NY N H & H...210J4 Old Dominion...; 22%
Union Pacific ...101-Z Osceola 80
Mex Central 27% Parrot . . .'. 28%
; Miscellaneous — . Qulncy • .......... 133
Amer Sugar 123% Santa Fe ¦ Copper. 2«
Amer Tel & Tel. 159% Tamarack .......255
Dom I &S 24% Trimountaln >.:.. 55%
Gen Electric ....279- United States ...-13%
Mass Electric ... 33 Utah-.: 23
Do prefd ...... 92. Victoria 4U
N E Gas & Coke- 5 Wlnona 1
United Fruit ...... 87% Wolverine... .45%
U S steel...:....' 43 ¦', : •-*¦?.
MINING STOCKS,
Ch«:o. R I.& Pac. 1 "2,100 157 155?i 166%
Chgo Term &. Tran. ,400 17% 17% 17%
Chgo T & T pfd...-. 100. 32% 32% 32%
C, C, C & St Louis. 'KMT 95y* , 95ft Mfc
Colorado Southern.. 900 \ 14% 14% 14%
Colo So 1st pfd.... r 2,200 ;619» t>0% 61%
Colo So 2d pfd : 2,600 ..' 2d% 28% < 29%
pelaware At Hud.. '4,700 : 175 173^ 173%,
Del, Lack & West. 3,500. 208 258' 266
Den & Rio Grande. ' ....... :;?.'*) ,... *'43 '.
Den & R G pfd.... 1 . 400 -.91% i 91% '91%
Erie :..... 15,900 40% 3»% 40%
Erie l«t pfd. . . 4,500 73Vi 72 R 72**
Erie 2d pfd. 3,400 .58^,.- 57Vi "- 68%
Great North pfd • 5O0 185% ; 1841, i 1S5»*
Hocking Valley 800 ; «9 6$%/ ti8%
Hocking Valley pfd 400 . 82% 82 •; - 87%
Illinois Central. . . . 1,200 139% 138Vi< 139
Iowa Central...... 100 38}i 38&\ 37%
Iowa Central pfd . . -."... "* 72
Lake Erie & 500 67 6tt% ' ' 67 '
Lake Erie & W pfd -' ' 100 , llTT 127 126 '
Louisville & Nash. 3,500.105% 104% 105%
Manhattan Elev... 7,800 . 137% 135H 137
Metropolitan St Ry 2,200 162%: 161 . 162
Mexican Central... 2,100 27%. 27 27%
Mexican National.. 2,900 ' 15»4 15 1514
Minn & St Louis.. 300 .'106'. 105U 106
Missouri Pacific. ..' 5,200 101% 100% 101%
Mo, Kans & Tex.. 3,400 25% 24% 25%
Mo, K & T pfd...., 2,500 54. 61% 53%
New Jersey Cent.. 1,500 191 188% 190
New York Central. V 7.100 163% 162% 163U
Norfolk & Western. 1,200 66*4 66/ 56Vi
Norfolk & W pfd.. • j..I. 01^4
Ontario & Western 3,300 ¦ 34% "33%' 34%
Pennsylvania .17,100 149% 148 V 4 149
Reading 100.200 57>4 54% 57
Reading 1st pfd.... 3,600 82% 81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd.... 2.400 63% 61% 63%
St Louis & S F 7,300 6414 63%. 63%
St L & S F 1st pfd 300 87% 86V4 85%
Et L & S F 2d pfd 12,900 76$ 75% 76%
St Louis Swstrn... 200 27% 27 27Vi
St L Swstrn pfd... 8,800 61% 60 60%
St Paul 34,500 164 161% 163%
St Paul pfd 100 18S 188 187%
Southern Pacific... 13,100 59% 69 69V>
Southern Railway.. 2.500 33>i 32% 33
So Railway pfd 1,300 93% 93 93V4
Texas & Pacific 400 38% 38% 38%
Toledo, St L & W. .... . . 10
Tol, St L & W pfd. 100 35% 35% 35
Union Pacific 27.100 102% 100% 101%
Lnion Pacific pfd.. 300 89 88% 88%
"VVabaeh 2,300 22% 22H 22»A
Wabash pfd 2,200 42% -41% 42%.
Wheel & Lake Erie ?. .... 17%
Wheel & L E 2d pf 28
"Wisconsin Central.- 800 20% " 19% 20V.
Wls Central pfd... 400 40% 40% 40%
Express companies — •
Adams ¦ ;;.; 195
American ;. 212
United States ..... 200 104 104 103
Wells-Fargo .....' : 185
Miscellaneous — . ¦ ; . '• :
Amalg Copper 30,900 70% 69W 70U
Am Car & Foun.. 400 29% " 29% 29vs
Am Car & F pfd. .. ' 1.100 88% 85% 86%
Am Linseed Oil .... 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd • .... .... 42
Am Smelt & Refln. 200 46 46 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd 200 96% 86% 96Vi
Anaconda Mln Co. ¦¦ 400 30% 30% 3O»4
Brooklyn R Tran.. 8,700 65% 64 65
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,400 87% 86% " 87%
Consolidated Gas... ...; .... 215%
Continental Tob pf 500 115 115 115
Gen Electric 200 '280 279% 279%
Glucose Sugar 2.100 48 45% 46
Hocking Coal 200 14% 14% 14%
International Pap 491Z
Internat Pap pfd.. 300 75% 75% 75
Internat Power 100 87 87 87
Laclede Gas 92
National Biscuit .. 800 45% 4414 44U
National Lead 15&?
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd.. ..... .... !.'." 63
North American g$
Pacific Coast 71
Pacific Mail 1,900 47% 46% 471
People's Gas 4,000 100% 100 100%
Pressed Steel Car. . 200 40% 40% 4rfC
Pressed Steel C pfd . gjj
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 221 221 220
Republic Steel ..... 800 16% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd 700 68% 68% 68^
Sugar 34.800 124% 121% 123%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.800 63V4 62% 63%
Union Bag 4 P Co 13
Union Bag & P pfd .... " 72
U S Leather ' 600 11T4 11% us.:
ul^blr^::: ..!°° 81^ 81 * fig
U S Rubber pfd. 50'*
U 8 Steel 15,100 43% 42% 43ii
U S Steel pfd 15,400 94% 94%" Ul\
Western Union... 700 91% 91 91%,
Am Locomotive ... 6,200 32' 31% 31T*
Am Locomotive pf 1,300 92% 91% 92
ToUl sales 540,600
CLOSING BONDS,
U S ref 2s reg....lO8% L A N unl 4s 101U
rT 5" coup 108% Mex Cent 4s...... 83
U S- 3s ng 107^ Do *»t »nc. 32
Do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s. .103%
U 8 new 4s reg...I38% M K & T 4s 98%
Do coup 130% Do 2nds,... 83V*
U Sold 4s reg....lll% n Y Central lsts.102%
..Do co»P "1% Do gen 3%s....lO9 78
US 5e reg 106% N J Cent gen 5s. .133'
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s 104^4
Atch gen 4s 103% Do3s.... 74iZ
Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4s" '.105%
B * 0 1 4s lttttf Read gen 4s..... 98^
Do 8%s 95% S L & I M con 6s. 117%
Doconv 4s 1O4% 8 L& S F4s 96%
Canada So 2nds... 109% S L SW lsts 99^
Cent cr Ga 6s 108% Do 2nds 798
Do 1st lnc 76 S a ft A P 4s.... 88Vi
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 106% So Pacific 4s. ..... 93$
Chi & Alton 3%B. 84 So Railway 6s. . 120
C B & Q new 4b. 96 TAPlsts.. 11914
C M * S P gen 4s.llO>4 T St L & W 4s. .'. 62%
C & N W con 7s..l.39Vi Union Pacific 4s.. 10ft •
C R I & P 4s 103% Doconv 4s 106U
CCC48LJ 48.104 Wabash lsts 118%
Chi Term 4s 88 Do 2nds 114%
Colo b. So 4s 92U Do deb B 68%
D&RG4S 101% West Shore 4s.! 112$
Erie prior Hen 4s. 99% W & L E 4s 92&
Do gen 4s 69 Wis Cent 4s.....! 88U
F W & D C lsts. 106 Con Tob 4s . 67^4
Hock Valley 4%s. 107 I . *
No further changes are reported by butchers
or packers. Stocks of all kinds are more lib
eral than they have been and the market la
more or less weak all around.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to "dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7®7%c for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7®8e; small. 8$9He per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%®So
per lb.
LAMB— 9<g«%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 Ib«. «c;
under . 150 lbs. 6%@5%c: sows. 20 per cent
off: boars, 30 per cent off. and stags, 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7@8%C
San Francisco Meat Market.
New YorkfCotton Market.
¦NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The cotton market
opened steady, 2@5 points lower, and closed
quiet, j 5@8 points lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 17.— Clearings, $381,
826; balances, $74,556.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat' Market.
"WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Jan. \ 17.— WHEAT — Un
changed: Walla Walla, 63%c; blue stem," 64®
64%c; valley. 63%c.
Cleared— British bark William Mitchell, for
Queenstown with 115.712 bushels wheat.
TACOMA, Jan. 17.— WHEAT— lc lower; blue
stem, 63%c; club, 62%c
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, Jan. 17. — The sheepskins sales
were concluded to-day with offerings of 173,492
ekins of slightly improved quality. All were
sold. The home trade secured most of the
offerings. Long-wooled stock was %®%d
dearer and short wooled %@9»d higher. Shorn
were , unchanged. Coarse-wooled stock was In
keen demand at an advance of %d. . i
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. IT.— Consols, 94; silver.
25 9-16; French rentes, lOOf 40c; wheat car
goes on passage, steadier; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 30s; Walla Walla, 29s 3d; .English
country -markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL — Wheat, quiet; wheat in Paris,
quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather In Eng
land,'foggy; cotton, uplandB, 4 9-16d.
CLOSING.
. LONDON. Jan. ¦ 17— HOPS— Pacific Coast,
steady. £3 5s@£3 15s.
¦ LIVERPOOL. ¦ Jan. ¦ 17.— Receints of wheat
during the past three days were 179,000 cen
tals, including 141,000 centals American.
. » Failures \Jor the week numbered 334 in the
United States, against 325 last year, and 40 in
Canada, against 43 last year. "
Woolen goods opened lower than expected,
and purchases were enlarged rather than stim
ulated by the declines. Changes were few and
small, yet. there had been such confidence in a
higher, level. that the trade hesitated. Woolen
and worsted yarns tend upward.
Grain reacted sharply from the high point
and a large Western operator was caught with
more than he could carry. ¦ Fprced liquidation
of this " long account facilitated: the work of
manipulators for a decline. Another unsatis
factory feature was the recent falling off In
foreign demand, official figures for December
showing smaller exports ' of wheat than | for
any month of the calendar year,' although for
six months of the crop year there still ap
pears a sain of about 60,000,000 bushels over
the corresponding months of 1900 or 1899. This
week experts were 4,348,431 bushels, against 3,
408,725 bushels a year ago. Corn declined
sharply, but still remains about 20 cents a
bushel above the price last year.. Exports in
December were only about 3 per cent of the
out go in ' the ' same month of - 1900. • while ' for
the week Atlantic ports sent out 128,674.bush
els, against 4,695,330 bushels a year ago. Pro
visions - weakened slightly in sympathy with
grain, yet the higher level of prices in Decem
ber established- a new monthly record in value
of exports. Great ¦ activity occurred at the
coffee exchange, where speculators for a. • de
cline were successful, aided by enormous re
ceipts at Brazil ports and American stocks 150
per cent larger than were held a year ago.
Footwear producers have at last made a gen
eral advance of from 2%©6 cents. Wholesalers
have not altered lists. . Hides are weaker, which
is natural at this season. -. •
NEW YORK, Jan. 17— R. G. Dun & Coi' 8
Weekly Trade Review to-morrow ' will say:
Readjustment of prices continued during the
second. week of January, and the general aver
age reached a much lower point than prevailed
when the year opened.
Nothing has transpired to disturb thef' bright
outlook In the iron and steel Industry. :.:"ir .^ t
Poultry continues dull In spite of light re
ceipts of nearby stock, as ' there Is plenty - of
Eastern on hand. Dressed Turkeys alone were
In. large supply, 80 cases coming In, but the
market was In good shape and steady.
Gamo was dull, with receipts of S5 sacks. !
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15(gil8c: Live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and 14®15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 B0@2; Goslings.
$2@2 25; Ducks. $5@6 for old and $6@7 for
y° u pg; Hens. $4#5; young Roosters, $4 50®
6 60; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $4^4 60:
Broilers $4@4 60 for large . and $3 60®4 for
small; Pigeons $1 00@l 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 73 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 259
1 50; Rabbits, $i 60 for Cottontails and $1 for
Brush; Mallard, J3@3 50; Canvasback. $3®4;
Sprig. $2®2 60: Teal. $1 60; Widgeon. $1 60:
Small Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack, SI SO; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 CO; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray
Geese, $3; White Geese. $1 50; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers, $3®4 50
Poultry and Game.
The local Iron market was quiet • The Eu
ropean markets were a trifle lower, with Glas
gow closing, at 49s and Mlddlesboro at 43s 9d.
Pig-iron warrants, $11@12; No.. 1 Northern
foundry, $15 S0@16; No. 2 foundry. Northern,
$16@15 50; No. 1 foundry, Southern, 815 50®
16; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $.15(317.
Spelter ¦ was quiet and unchanged at New
York at $4 35 and London was also unchanged
at £16 15s. ¦ ' • ¦ .- ; .. -. "'-•
¦ Lead was quiet and unchanged at $4 here;
London Is 3d higher, closing at £10 8s 9d. '
Locally , the , copper ! market was dull and
weak, but not quotably lower, with spot lake
quoted at $11 12%, electrolytic $11 and . cast
ing $10.75.- ,
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The London market
for tin was 5s higher, with spot at £104 15s
and futures £101 10s. The local market, how
ever, was a trifle lower on the bid price, which
closed at $23 62%, while $23 87% was asked.
Nezu York Metal Market.
ExcJwngc and Silver about the same.
Wheat and Barley show little change.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet. -
Hay, Bran and Middlings selling , well.
Beans and Seeds continue' inactive.
Potatoes very firm. Onions in slender, receipt.
Eggs demoralized under excessive supplies./ ""/ -
Butter and Cheese as previously quoted., • ..' •
Nothing vczv in Dried Fruits and Raisins. - r ':
Provisions firmer again at Chicago, but; neglected here.
Previous prices quoted for Wool, Hops and Hides:--,
Beef, Mutton and Pork* iiif better supply and iveak/ ,
Linseed Oil again marked' up.- .¦•::. :.
Four cars of Oranges auctioned.
Poultry and Game about the same.
Potatoes in large receipt again, but steady.'
Very few Onions coming in. ¦
Local stocks and bonds dull. ..- '
Coast Coals quoted rather weak and Seattle lower.
D,& R G 43% Sou Pacific. .60$
Do pfd..... ...... ,93% Union Pac .103%
Erie .:......,..:% 41% - Do pfd. ........ 91
Do 1st pfd 94^4 U S Steel 43%
Do 2d pfd 58% Do pfd •••SI.,
Ill Central ..141% Wabash 23%
Louis & Nash 107% Do pfd 43
Mo Kans & Tex,. 25% Spanish 4s.; 77? 4
Do pfd :. 53
Bar silver, dull; 25 9-16d per ounce. -
Money. 2 per cent, i
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 15-16@3 per. cent. '•
The rate of discount In the, open market for
3 months' bills Is 3 per cent.
London Market.
¦ NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The" Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
"There, was a. pause in activity on the Stock
Exchange t to-day' and enthusiasm- was damp
ened , by Lord: Salisbury's denial that negotia
tions looking .to the termination of - the Boer
war were. on. foot [.Consols fell % to 94 on the
Issue of ' £2,000,000 local loan* on 3 per cent
stock • at ! 99, ' but « that j money Is plentiful Is
shown by. the result of the Cape Loan, which
has . been ¦ subscribed twice over. American
stocks were dull and ' Idle all day, . but in the
street New .York bid up the coalers and Union
Pacific- a '> point Copper • was ¦ steady at 46%
the ton. Money la easy and the bank may re
duce the discount to 3% per cent if the next
return is good. The present rate is 4 per cent,
with the "market demand weak at 3 per cent.
This tends to keep the bank Idle. ...
New York Money' Market.
¦ ' NEW YORK, Jan. .17.— Money .on call was
steady at 3@4 per > cent; dosed offered at 3 per
"cent; prime mercantile paper,' 4%®6 per cent:
sterling ' exchange was j steadier. : with actual
business In - bankers"' bills at $-1 87% for de
mand and $4 84M®4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates, .< $4 So®4 88; • commercial bills,
$4 83%@4 S3%: bar silver; 55J4c; Mexican dol
lars, 44%c; bondB-7-Go.vernment, steady; State,
strong; .railroad,': strong. ¦•;'.
Conditions f (.the Treasury.
4 WASHINGTON, "Jan. 17.— To-day's state
ment; of! the Treasury balances in the general
fund,' exclusive, of the $150, 000,000 gold reserve
in the. division of redemption, shows: Avail
able" cash balances, $169,856,439; gold, $103,
607,219. - '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Southern Vegetables continue dull, with the
exception of Tomatoes and Green Peppers,
which are scarcer and high. Stocks of Peas,
Beans and Summer Squash are excessive.
POTATOES— 90c@$l 25 for Burbanks from
the river: Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 65; Ore
gon Burbanks. $1 25® 1 65; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. $1 40@l 60; River Reds. $1 50®^ 60;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 25; Sweets, $1 lt> for
Merced. ,.,
ONIONS— Oregons $1 75@2; Green Onions,
50®65c per box. "
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, 2@4c; String Beans from, Loa Angeles.
8@15c: Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl; Loa. An
geles Tomatoes $1 26@1 75 per box and $1 5O@
2 per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c per lb;
Los Angeles do. 16@18c; Dried Okra. 12%ig
15c per lb; Carrots. 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers. 75c@$l 25 per dozen; Garlic, I 1 *®
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 15@25c: Egg
Plant from Los Angeles. 15@20c: Summer
Squash from Los Angles. $1@1 25; Marrowfat
Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, JS©
10; Mushrooms, nominal.
J.. Calhoun of San Leandro sent In 8 boxes
of new Rhubarb, . which sold at 8c per lb.
Receipts of Potatoes were again large, b«lng
7979 sacks, but prices remained firm. Bomo
fancy Salinas Burbanks are reported selling
at $ 1 75. A car of Sweets came In, but was
not sold. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ST. JOSEPH, Jait 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000. Steady. - Natives, $3 25@7; cows and
heifers, $1 25@7 25; veals, $3 60@6 25; stock
era and feeders, $2 65@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 9600. Steady. Light and
light mixed, $5 50@6 40: medium, and heavy.
?6 15@6 60; pigs, $3 70@5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 100. Steady. Top lambs,
$0. < V • y* ¦¦ ¦ ', ' .-•; ¦-,;
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000; steady. Lambs,
steady to strong. Good to choice wethers,
$4 30@5; fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 40;
Western sheep, fed, $4 25@5 10; native lambs,
$4 50@6; "Western lambs,* fed. $5@6.
HOGS— Receipts, to-day, '32,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 3000; opened ; steady; closed
strong. Mixed and butchers' $5 90®6 40; good
to choice heavy, $6 30® tl 56; rough. heavy, $8
@6 25; light, $5 60@6; bulk of sales, $5 95®
6 10. •'. " . . •
CHICAGO, Jan. 17. — CATTLU— Receipts,
2500; beef cattle steady to strong; cow stock
slow. Good to prime, $6 50@7 40; poor to
medium, 1 $4@6; stockers and feeders, $2 25®
4 75; cows. $1 25@4 65; heifers." $2 25@5; can
ners', $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 60: calves, $2 50
@6 50; Texas fed steers. $3 S5@5 60. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
3 65; Lhnas. $4 '4004 65; Bed Kidneys, $3 CO©
SEEDS^Trieste Mustard. " »2 8SOS; Tellow
Mustard. $3 25®3 50; Flax. $2 40®2 «! Cagwr.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. from^Utah.
8%c; Rape, l«©l%c; Hemp. 3%c per ">•
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $1250165; Green.
$1 25@1 60 oer c tl.
market was steady; creamery, 15@23%c; dairy,
14@20c. Cheese, steady, 10}i@llVic. -Eggs,
weak; fresh, 24@24%c:
Canadian failures for the week numbered 35,
as against 32 last week and 50 In this week
a. year ago. ¦ ". ¦
Business failures in the United States for the
week numbered 341, against 356 last week, 340
In this week last year, -255 in 1900, 262 in 1899
and 309 in 1898.-
July 1 to date, corn exports are 21,255,717
bushels, against 107,730,760 bushels last season.
Corn exports aggregate 298,093 bushels, as
against 136,873 bushels last week and 5,136,164
bushels last year. • -
Wheat exports, July ,1 to date (twenty-nine
weeks), aggregate- 158,004.473 - bushels, as
against 106,163,694. bushels last season.
this week., Finished products .-' tend higher.
Copper has been- "cut to the bone"- this, week
ana , 11 cents is the nominal price, but : claims
are made of sales as low as 10J4 cents without
any, improvement in demand reported, although
exports are large. ¦' '•¦,-¦•
- > The boot and shoe industry looks forward
confidently to. an active spring. business.
¦The cereals v have : been active and excited,
liquidation by-' disappointed -"longs'.- being a
feature early,- and prices crumbled, ; aided by
the suspension of - a prominent Western oper
ator and bear rumors of further troubles. Un
satisfactory, wheat crop advices, "• not enough
moisture, being- reported at' the West and
Southwest, were the sustaining features I later,
but the main j element seems to , have been the
reawakening of .a - better export demand for
wheat at the low.er levels. \ Flour acted in sym
pathy with wheat and here also a' better ex
port demand appears to Have' been' evoked.
Corn and "bats went off in sympathy, but these
cereals are still above export levels.
Wheat/including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,630,202 bushels, as against 3,507,
710 bushels last week, and 3,336,054 bushelf
in this week last year, i - . • . -¦ -'¦•-,.
Montgomery, 3020 toss: Balmoral. 8750 ton*;
Cralserns. 2987 tona; tmberhorae, 2968 toas;
Jnvercauld. 2380 tons; Afghanistan. 8400 tons:
King Alfred. 1943 tons; Hyderabad, 8809 tons;
Llmena. 1600 tons: Star- of France, 2404 tons;
Forthbank. 2070 tons; total, 33,423 tons. The
above deliveries have kept this market well
supplied with Colonial grades. Fortunately for
the Importers over three-fourths of same were
sold months ago prior to loadlngr. as the
small quantity coming In seeking buyers was
disposed of at very low figures. There are at
present on the chartered list from Australia
twenty-five vessels of about 75,000 ton* carry-
Ing capacity; fifteen of these cargoes are al
ready en route. Last month there were
thirty-three vessels on the engaged list, which
shows that charters are falling oft In number,
although coal freight rates are being marked
down. F. O. B. prices at Newcastle will have
to be marked down considerably to meet this
market, as the Northern Coast collieries have
ehaded their prices and fuel oil Is asserting its
sway — hence Colonial products will be turned
down unless they can be landed here for lower
figures. Fuel oil Is to-day being utilized by
152 factories and Industrials that two years
ago consumed coal only: this evidences the in
roads being made by oil Into the coal trada
locally.'*
OIL— Linseed has again been advanced.
California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70o
pure. |1 20: Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
74c: raw, 72c, cases, 5c more; Lucol. 62c for
boiled and 6Oc for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. -90c: cases. 95c;
China Nut, 57%<368c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 70c; cases, 73c: Sperm, pure.
65c: Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%e: Co
coanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 5S%o
for Australian.
COAL Oil* —^Vater "White Coal Oil. In balk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; la
cases, 21 He: Benzine, In bulk. 14c: In cases.
20%c; 86-degree * Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; is
cages, 26%e.
TURPENTINE— 61%e per gallon In cases
and 55%c In drums and Iron barrels.
> SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com*
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
'Cubes. Crushed and Fins Crushed. 9.03c:
Powdered. 4.90c: Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c: Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.80c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c: barrels, 10«
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domino*,
half -barrels. 8.30c; boxes. S.SSo per lb. - - y
THIVu§AN- FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18^ 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings!
THE COAST RECORD.
New York Grain and Produce.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
10
«
STATIONS. 3
Aftorla. 30.06
Baker 30.16
Carson 30.16
Eureka 30.14
Fresno 80. 12
Flagstaff 29.S8
Pocatello. Ida. SO. IS
Independence 30.04
Los Angeles.. 29.9S
Phoenix 29.94
Portland .*.... SO. 10
Red Bluff 30.04
Koseburs 30.10
Sacramento ..30.14'
Salt Lake 30.12
fan Ftanclsco.30.14
S. L. Obispo.. 30.08
San Diego 29.94
Seattle 30.04
Spokane 30.16
Xeah Bay 29.82
Walla Walla.. 30. 14
Winnemucca .30.12
Yuma ....29.94
K S O » J
: 3 ; 3 ;3 | . J,
4C 36 E Rain Tl4
38 22 SW Cloudy , .00
40 20 SE Cloudy .00
52 42 SW Cloudy .00
48 34 SW Pt.Cldy .00
44 28 E Pt.Cldy .00
30 24 W Cloudy .14
48 32 SB Clear .00
66 42 W Cloudy .00
66 42 W Clear .00
42 36 SE Rain * .05
5S 3% SE Cloudy .00
44 38 Calm Cloudy .02
50 40 E Cloudy .00
34 28 N Cloudy .16
54 42 EW Cloudy .00
60 44 TC Pt.Cldy .00
60 48 NW Clear .00
44 3S SE Rain .03
32 2S SE Cloudy T.
42 40 SE Rain .28
44 26 W Cloudy .00
38 26 SW Clear T.
70 46 X Clear .00
«
STATIONS. 3
Aftorla. 30.06
Baker 30.16
Carson 30.16
Eureka 30.14
Fresno 80. 12
Flagstaff 29.S8
Pocatello. Ida. SO. IS
Independence 30.04
Los Angeles.. 29.9S
Phoenix 29.94
Portland .*.... SO. 10
Red Bluff 30.04
Koseburs 30.10
Sacramento ..30.14'
Salt Lake 30.12
fan Ftanclsco.30.14
S. L. Obispo.. 30.08
San Diego 29.94
Seattle 30.04
Spokane 30.16
Xeah Bay 29.82
Walla Walla.. 30. 14
Winnemucca .30.12
Yuma ....29.94
K S O » J
: 3 ; 3 ;3 | . J,
4C 36 E Rain Tl4
38 22 SW Cloudy , .00
40 20 SE Cloudy .00
52 42 SW Cloudy .00
48 34 SW Pt.Cldy .00
44 28 E Pt.Cldy .00
30 24 W Cloudy .14
48 32 SB Clear .00
66 42 W Cloudy .00
66 42 W Clear .00
42 36 SE Rain * .05
5S 3% SE Cloudy .00
44 38 Calm Cloudy .02
50 40 E Cloudy .00
34 28 N Cloudy .16
54 42 EW Cloudy .00
60 44 TC Pt.Cldy .00
60 48 NW Clear .00
44 3S SE Rain .03
32 2S SE Cloudy T.
42 40 SE Rain .28
44 26 W Cloudy .00
38 26 SW Clear T.
70 46 X Clear .00THE DAY'S DEAD,
Friends and / debts 'Should be cheerfully
arid promptly, met. . v .
CUMBERLAND. Md.. Jan, 17.— The vestry
of Kmanuel Episcopal Church has extended a
unanimous call to Rev. Benjamin F. Brew
stcr, rector of Grace Church. Colorado Springs.
OAKLAND,' Jan. 17.— The objects of the
Anglo - Pacific Development Company,
which filed articles of Incorporation to
day, are to build railways, sailing ves
sels and steamships for use in transpor
tation. A. S. McDonald. R. P. McDonald,
R. A. Jackson, L. H. Robins and 8. B.
McKee are the incorporators.
New Corporation Plans.
. NEW. YORK, Jan.": 17.— Captain Joseph
Ellsworth,, .one of the- best .American
yachting captains, i died ' to-night at his
home ¦ in : Bayonne, N. ,'J.\ aged 71 years.
In • 1885 - he sailed the ;' America's cup - de
fender Puritan against the ; Genesta and
won all the races. The following year. he
commanded : the cup • defender Mayflower
and won against. the challenger. Galatea. -
Captain Joseph- Ellsworth.
"I suppose, you take a great deal of in
terest In Santa Claus?" said the young
ster's uncle.
"Yes," said the modern child, -as ho
looked over the top .of his glasses. "I
have paid a large share. of attention ,to
the topic. I have always contended that
some branches, of. our modern folklore
were quite as worthy of- study as the
classical myths."— Washington Star. : .-
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 17. — E. B. "Woolty. a
real estate dealer of Los Angeles, to-day filed
a petition for papers in bankruptcy. Hla lia
bilities aggregate $22,118, all unsecured claims.
There are no assets.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— The safe of tne Stand*
ard OH Company was blown open by burglars
last night, but as no large sum is ever left
in it the burglars sot only 15 cents.
SALEM. Or., Jan. 17. — Local bop buyers to
day bought 200 bales of hops from North
Yamhill growers at 12% cents per pound. Tha
market Is strong and advancing steadily.
BAKEHSFIEIJX Jan. 17.— H«nry Smith,
colored, wanted in Fresno for rrand larceny,
wae arrested to-day by Deputy Francis Borgal
and Is now In Jail awaiting the arrival of tU*
Fresno officer.
The retail drug clerks gave their first
annual ball at Native Sons* Hall ' last
evening. A large crowd attended and: a
pleasant evening was enjoyed by all. The
hall was prettily decorated with flowers
and evergreens. F. Halgh Seawell acted
as floor manager. The following com
mittees were in charge: Floor committee
—Dr. W. A. Dougherty. Frank . H. Gay,
W. H. Adair. D. Lr. Perrone, Fayette Hai
ris, W. E. Pleasants: social committee—
A. H. Hogg. Henry A, Gerdes; reception
committee— H. Hubbercheck. T. , Powell,
T. Sewell, W. E. Perry and F. Gay.
Retail Drug Clerks' Ball.
ALONG THE COAST
ALAMEDA. Jan. 17.— In I the- Justice
Court to-day Edward Neal, the young
man who was captured on the night of
the 6th inst.. while engaged in looting the
First Presbyterian Church, was held to
answer before the Superior Court on a
second charge of burglary. Neal . con
fessed his crimes and said that he would
plead guilty in the higher court to the
two charges against him.
Neal Confesses to Burglaries.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— Sister Brigette (in
the world," Miss Joanna Van Hantfeidt)
died at the ;College t of. Notice "Dame .this
morning ¦ of apoplexy. - She rwas~a native
of Belgium, 1 aged 76 years. .- She was mis
sioned from Namur to California In- 1851,
and after five years' -labor i here was -sent
to Notre Dame, In Marysville." In 1867 she
was returned to San Jose, 'where she re
sided until, her, death. ..: She! will. be buried
to-morrow afternoon at Santa 'Clara.
The enormity of our salmon output this
year has played havoc with the British
fisheries, for iiFCanada the law does not
permit the use | of- traps. In Washington
and Oregon traps are used, so that the
American fisheries ¦. are able to furnish
salmon to the .Canadian canneries for 2
and 3 cents a /fish, where the canneries
used to-pay the. Canadians from 10 to 15
cents. • . - . .
Beat Canadians Catching Salmon.
D. 0. Mills -of New York has again shown
his Interest In the work of the University of
California by presenting to the Lick Observa
tory a sum of money sufficient to defray the
expenses of reconstructing the Mills spectro
graph. This instrument, presented to the Lie*
Observatory seven years ago by Mr. Mills, has
been and still Is the most efficient Instrument
of . Its kind. However, the experience of the
past six years has shown that it Is capable of
apreciable improvement in many of its features.
It will be rebuilt- somewhat along- the lines of
the spectrograph desiirned and constructed here
this year for use in ¦ the Mills expedition to
Chile. This is Mr. Mills' third gift In the past
seven years to the Lick Observatory.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— W." W. Campbell,
director of the Lick Observatory, '.sends
the following message: ¦ « ¦_.. ¦'¦"'
Tears to the Lick Observa
tory.
D. O. Mills' Third Gift Within Seven
GREAT SPECTROGRAPH
TO BE SECON'STBirCTED
Chiplain. F. J. Murasky, San Francisco;
governor. S. A. D. Jones, San Francisco;
lieutenant governor, C. S. Rose, Alameda;
senior deputy, D. J. Troy, San Francisco:
Junior deputy. S. C. Pistolesi, San Francisco;
secretary of state. ¦William Kins, San Fran
cisco; controller, H. B. Torne. San Francisco;
treasurer, Charles Turner, San Francisco; ser
geant at arms, A. Morker. San Francisco:
Inside officer, J. T. Hanson, Alameda: outside
officer, J. H. Stanley, San Francisco; direc
tors — J. W. Keating, Sacramento; W. Mono
han. San Jcse; L. E.'Aubery. Los Angeles; J.
Emmett Haj'den. San Rafael; O. S. Foster,
Santa Cruz; M. A. Devin. and P. Grady. San
Francisco.
The Past Presidents' Association of the
Native Sons met last night at Balboa Hall
and elected the following officers:
Past Presidents Meet.
According to The Canadian Gazette, a
woman in England said not long ago' to
one who came from the city of Quebec
"I suppose you frequently see the Falls
of Niagara." "Oh. yes." was the reply
"I often take a morning walk there before
breakfast." adding, it is only about BOO
miles." According to another store at
the time of the Queen's jubilee in London
a lady of rank sent an invitation for a
garden party to some Canadians. It was
a very pleasant letter and \-ery kindly
expressed, '< and she ended by .'sayinir
"Please come in your native dress."
British Ignorance as to America.
"Mr. Metcalf is without question one of
the most influential members of the lower
House." eaid Mr. Ewing to-day. "He is
not only popular socially, but he has a
reputation as one of the strong, men ac
Washington. It is gratifying for a Cali
fornian to observe that our representa
tives at Washington are accorded the re
spect that comes with dignity and Intel
lectual attainments. Mr. Metcalf has won
a high place in the esteem and considera
tion of his fellow-Congressmen."
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— County Auditor J.
Cal Ewihg returned to-day from his East
ern trip. At Washington he was the
guest of Congressman Victor H. Metcalf.
ington and Returns With Opin
ions of Capital Life.
County Auditor Ewing 1 Visits Wash-
George Blanchanh who lives- at 211 Vz
Jone.s street, -complained , last: night to
Police Officer Keyes that three, men' had
attempted to rob him in the neighborhood
of Jones and Eddy. streets. ? Blanchard,
who was intoxicated^ pointed^ out .three
mm as his alleged assailants. -,T ( hey were
taken to the City Prison . and searched.
On one of them,, who gave the name of
David Klnery. a loaded revolver was
found. He was booked 6n : "a' charge of
carrying concealed " weapons? com
panions were "released; -; JV ¦ •<'•»¦ «;
Claims Hold-Up Was Attempted.
GIVES HIGH PEAISE TO
CONGRESSMAN METCALF
Washington Challenges Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Jan. 17.— Graduate Man
ager Decoto of the University of Califor
nia has received a communication from
the University of Washington asking for
a dual track meet here some time in
March or April. The northern university
is endeavoring to arrange field days with
Stanford. Santa Clara College and Cali
fornia. No action has as yet been taken
on the Washington communication.
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Suit for divorce
was begun to-day by Charles Cook
against Magrgie A- Cook on the ground of
desertion. Peter A- Carey, having failed
to answer the suit for divorce brought
against him by Lottie A. Carey on the
ground of desertion, a default has been
entered against him.
Co-Ed Singles Selected.
BERKELEY, Jan. 17.— The tennis tour
nament of the women students of the
University of California will begin to
morrow afternoon in Co-ed Canyon with
a contest between Miss Mary Jewett and
Miss E. M. Ratcllff. The other young
ladies have been matched as follows:
Miss M. Skinner vs. Miss Gladys Wick
eon; Miss R. Muscovitz vs. Miss Irene
Hazz&rd; Miss Alma Stock well vs. Miss
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— City Engineer Tur
ner to-day filed with the City Clerk his
estimate for Improving San Pablo ave
nue, from Temescal Creek to the north
ern boundary line of the city. According
to his figures, the work will cost S38.093.6S.
The estimate is based upon macadamizing
with class B macadam, putting down
class A bitumen and macadam cross
walks, cast-iron culverts, a twelve-inch
storm sewer south of Forty-sixth street,
wooden curbs and bridges and grading
to the official city grade.
Estimate of Engineer.
At the close of the performance the la
dles were cautioned to take warm wraps
and provide for a night in the clouds, as
the balloon might be g cut loose. Man
ager Cook provided- the lunch, . and when
all had clambered- into- the basket the
rope was rapidly played out. When its
limit was reached a supper was enjoyed
and the extra ballast carried to provide
against the moisture of the clouds was
taken in anything- but homeopathic doses.
The ascension was thoroughly enjoyed by
all.
As a fesult at a defl sent out by . the
members of the Alcazar Theater Stock
Company a number of the members of
the Central Theater Stock Company made
a midnight ascension • last * night In the
captive balloon. The party was com
posed of Annette Marshall, Georgie Coop
er. May Keene. George H: Webster, Wil
liam . Blackmore. Charles Cook, manager
of the Central Theater, and R. Turner, a
local insurance man.
Closer View of Distant
Twinklers.
Stars From Central Theater Have a
THEATRICAL PEOPLE
ENJOY BALLOON- TRIP
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Judge Hall, acting
for Judge Ellsworth in the probate de
partment of the Superior Court, admitted
vo probate to-day the will of John J. Val
entine, the late president of Welle, Fargo
& Co.'s express. Nathan Stein and C. H.
Gardiner, the witnesses of the will, of
fered testimony. Mr. Stein in person and
Mr. Gardiner by means of a certified
statement of the facts surrounding the
s-igning of the document, he being with
out the jurisdiction of the court.
The court, after being informed that
the estate consists of stocks, bonds and
real estate, appointed a3 appraisers W. G.
Henshaw, president of the Union Savings
Bank; E. P. Vandercook, a San FrancUco
real estate dealer, and C. H. Gardiner,
who, having been Mr. Valentine's private
secretary for years, is well acquainted
with hifi affairs. The estate is valued at
about $400,000 and is bequeathed to the
widow and children.
Will Appraise Value of De
cedent's Estate.
Judge Hall Appoints the Men Who
JOHN J. VAXENTINE'S WILL
IS ADMITTED TO PROBATE
PERNAMBUCO. Brazil. Jan. 17. — The Brit
ish steamer Carlisle City. Captain Patereou.
from San Francisco November 17 for St. Vin
cent, C. V., has put In bere with sickness on
board, and reports the death at >ea of Captain
Paterson's wife.
LONDON. Jan. 17. — A bulletin Issued this
afternoon, indicated that Sir Ellis Asbmead
Bartlett, M.. P.. who underwent, a serioua
operation on January 10, and who has be«n
suffering from internal Inflammation, Is at the
point of death.
LONDON. Jan. 17. — H. St. John Dix, whose
extradition to the United States has finally
been granted on the charge of embezzling the
funds of a. bank at Whatcom. Wash., will sail
for New York on the American line steamer
St. Paul.
DOVKR. Del.. Jan. IT.— The "West-rn Mln
ingr Development • Company of Philadelphia,
with a capital of $l,50O.00O. to acquire mine*
and mining rights in Wyoming and Utah and
to develop the same, was incorporated here
to-day. '
GUTHRIE. O. T-. Jan. 17. — It -was an
nounced to-day from the Federal office hero
that in order to prevent contests all home
steaders should be on their claims in the new
country by February 6.
BOULDER. Cqjo.. Jan. 17. — The second oil
well drilled near this city began flowing to
day. The excitement is very great and many
parties are arrangm! to drill wells. Land
values are aoarins. "¦, ;¦.-•;
- WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— The Senate Com
mittee on Public - Buildings and Grounds to
day authorized a favorable report on the bill
for a $500,000 Government building at. Evans
ton, "Wyo.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17. — The President and
Attorney General Knox to-day decided upon
the appointment of I* S. Crum as Marshal of
Kansas and B. B. Heywood as Marshal of
Utah! :•.:::. ; : '.'/-*.•./ Vsi.':^ I
PARIS, Jaa. 17. — Official returns Just is
sued show that the imports of France in 1901
were valued at 4.714.54.9,000 francs, compared
with 4.697,802,000 francs in 1900.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— The Oakland Cre.
mation Association will lay the corner
stone of its crematory and chapel on
Sunday at 2 o'clock p. m. The building
will be erected at the corner of Howe
and Mather streets, Piedmont. The site
is near and overlooks Mountain View
Cemetery. The committee in charge of
the cornerstone laying has invited repre
sentatives from the Knights of Pythias
Masonic, Odd Fellows, Elks and Wood
men of the World to take part in the
exercises. •;-:.¦•.
Crematory Cornerstone Laying.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
' GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. 17.— A company
of soldiers left Fort Sill to aid the posses
in the pursuit of the highwaymen who
murdered Sheriffs Smith and Beck Wed
nesday morning. It is announced that
the men are surrounded in the brush at
the headwaters of Beaver Creek, near
Rush Springs. The bloodhounds tracked
the robbers' to that point from Apache
and were then called off. not being al
lowed to enter the brush. The posses then
surrounded the brush and began a siege,
awaiting reinforcements. It was for this
place that the troops started.
Fosses Surround the Bobbers.
The property ordered sold to-day has
been reached for by numerous creditors.
General Warfield. with his $3000 board bill,
considered it his right, while Assignee
Cochrane wanted to let all the creditors
have a bite.
Colonel Finnegan is well known here.
He and his family ran up a $3000 board
bill at Hotel Rafael and then, when a
typhoon of domestic infelicity burst upon
him, he lodged for many weeks in the
County Jail, vowing that he had no
money to pay the alimony the court al-
Jowed" his wife. After a long incarcera
tion in a cell, which he had furnished like
a drawing-room, the venerable colonel
took the terrible pauper's oath and was
allowed to depart.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 17.— The celebrated
Finnegan case bobbed to the surface
again to-day when Superior Judge Angel
lotti made an order authorizing M. F.
Cochrane, assignee of Colonel Peter Fin
negan, insolvent debtor, to sell • certain
Berkeley real estate valued at about $15,
<>00. The property was transferred by Fin
negan about three years ago to a daugh
ter. Some weeks ago Superior Judge
Greene of Alameda County rendered a de
cision declaring the transfer invalid, for
the reason that it had been made to de
fraud creditors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Near the hospital will be located the
proposed Oakland College of Medicine
which a number of local physicians have
been planning for several months. Con
ferences between the physicians and uls
ters have resulted in an agreement for
reciprocal relations between the hospital
and college.
While the new hospital will be under
the direction of Catholics it will be a non
sectarian Institution and there will be no
religious test for admission.
The plan of the sisters is to begin work
upon the hospital building within a few
months and it is hoped to complete it
before the end of the year. A large force
of sisters, who are trained nurses, will
be brought from the East to take charge
of the Institution. • ' •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17.
The Sisters of the Sacred Heart, who
have for years conducted the Convent of
the Sacred Heart at Webster and Twenty
second streets, have purchased a site
200 by 300 feet in size, at Twenty-sixth*
street and Broadway and will erect a
$50,000 hospital. Besides the site pur
chased the sisters have an option on ad
joining property which njay be purchased
later.
On the showing of the nusband that he
has been paying the butcher, the baker
and the candlestick-maker as fast as they
presented their bills Judge . Hall * to-day
denied Mrs. Jennie Simonds of Berkeley
$100 a month alimony, $500 cash and $500
for attorneys' fees. Instead Judge Hall
awarded her $250 attorneys' fees, with
leave to renew her application for alimony
at any time that her spouse becomes
recreant. \
Mrs. Simonds is suing John Simonds,
president of the Simonds Saw Company,
of San Francisco, for maintenance. Her
appearance in court to-day was to sub
stantiate a motion for alimony pending
the trial of the action. In reply to the
questions of her attorney she said that
her husband had left her December 9 last
without assigning any cause for his ac
tion. Without a word he left that day. to
go to his office in San Francisco and did
not return. There had been no dissen
sions and she does not know now, what
the trouble is unless ; that her son by a
former husband was distasteful to him.
Simonds, she said, had once or twice ex
pressed the opinion that her son ought
to pay for his keep. She asserted that
she was accustomed to move in the best
of society and had always been provided
liberally with the necessaries of life. '
Simonds was not in court, but an affi
davit was filed in his behalf, in which he
claims that his wife has an income from
property in the East given to her by her
third husband and that he has paid all
her bills since leaving her. / .
¦ The affidavit further sets forth that
"she Is collecting $7 a month for the rent
of a room in the home in Berkeley and
also has a boarder who should pay $30 per
month for room and board.
Replying to the affidavit Mrs. Simonds
said that the income from her properties,
which . constet of rentals and stock- divi
dends, is only $155 a year. -
Judge Hall said he was satisfied Si
monds intends to keep on paying his
wife's bills until her suit is determined
and then made the order for the payment
of the attorneys' fees.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 17.
"The Hermitage" began to lose prestige
when civilization" began' to build a town
and railroads around it. Then came the
Sunday crowds and the accompanying 1
protests of the residents against rowdy
isfti. Faure tried to maintain order in his
place, but the crowds were too much for
him and he fell by the wayside:
"The Hermitage" has been leading a
fitful existence since j the license of its
ancient proprietor was taken away by the
Board of Supervisors', six months ago.
Leon Faure has made several attempts
to regain his license and has hung on des
perately in the effort to attract visitors,
but without success. ' . -
"To Let" is the: laconic message that
informs the inhabitants and visitors to
Upper Frultvale that "The Hermitage" is
no more. It was put up on the old hos
telry yesterday by Leon Faure, "mine
host'' of many years gone by, who has
at last come to realize that the fates and
the authorities are against him. Thus
the doors of a famous place that have
not been closed to on their hinges for
three decades, the doors that have ad
mitted wealth and wine, scandals and
skeletons, are closed. It is a strange
sight to the pioneers of Upper Fruitvale,
who have been wont to make the lights
of "The Hermitage" their north star for
years back. ¦. • ¦ ...'•.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17,
FULTON, Mo., Jan. 17.— The Commer
cial Bank of Fulton was closed this
morning by GeorgeU^arstarphan, chief cf
the State Banking Department. Philip
S. Adams, cashier of the bank, left Ful
ton Monday afternoon, ostensibly toe Si.
Louis, with $4500 in gold and currency to
be deposited in the Franklin Bank. His
whereabouts is unknown. On the dis
appearance of Adams, the president of
the bank called in the State Bank Chief.
The bank was organized two years ago
with $20,000 capital, and in November.
1901. had deposits of $32,800. It is believed
depositors will be paid in full. Stock
holders are expected to lose perhaps 3d
per cent of their investment.
Missouri Bank's Doors dose.
Simonds Leaves Home
Because His Stepson
Fails to Pay.
The guests were: Miss Carmen Moore,
Misses Jacqueline and Ethel Moore, Miss Ethel
Kittridge. Miss Maud Edith Pope. Miss Elsie
Marwedel, Miss Grace Sperry, Miss Marion
Smith, Mies Isabelle Hooper of Alameda. Miss
Bessie Palmer. Misses Mona and Laura Crel
lln. Miss Hess Pringle. Miss Florence Starr,
Miss Pearl King and Miss Viva Nicholson.
• Miss Mae Burdge was the hostess "Wednesday
evening: at a pretty dinner given in honor of
Miss Carmen Moore, whose engagement to Wal
ter Starr was recently announced. The central
idea of the scheme of decoration was a star,
the centerpiece being a large star of white
orchids, orange blossoms and ferns. The name
cards were in the form of a star, with ribbon
and orange blossoms. Suspended over the
cbair which was assigned to Miss Moore was
another fioral star. Each guest was required to
make a verse containing the words "Moore"
and "Starr," the prize for the best being
awarded to Miss Elsie Marwedel.
The church ceremony was followed by a re
ception at the house, 212 Fourth street. The
bride is a daughter of Taliesin Evans, a well
known newspaper man of- San Francisco. She
is a graduate of the Oakland High School and
in an artist of ability. The groom is the son
of Colonel W. H. Holabird, a Los Angeles
capitalist, and is himself a successful civil en
gineer. The young people will reside in Los
Angeles, where the parents of the groom have
built and furnished a beautiful home as a
wedding gift.
• • • ?
The maid of honor and the bridesmaids were
gowned in white organdie, lace trimmed, the
maid of honor carrying a trailing: spray of
asparaganltus and the others carrying Amer
ican Beauty roses. Miss Leila Evans, a sis
ter of the bride, was maid of honor, and an
other sister. MIbs Minnie Evans, was a brides
maid. Two girl friends of the bride from Los
Angeles. Miss Florence Foy and Miss Emellne
Holabird. were the other bridesmaids. The
groom was attended, by his brother. Rues Hola
bird. Four friends lrom Los Angeles, Fred
Phelps. John Muir. Charles Mann and Harold
Eaton, acted as usher*.
The bride's gown was of white liberty chif
fon over white satin. The point lace berthe
that adorned the bodice was the gift of Miss
Margery Craig. The long tulle veil was held
in place with the orange blossoms worn by
the bride's mother at her wedding. A shower
of lilies of the valley formed the bridal bou
quet.
The church was decorated with foliage and
graceful palms and the altar and railing were
hidden beneath a profusion of white mar
guerites.
OAKLAND. Jin. 17.— The marriage of Miss
Cora. Louise Evans and Henry Gillette Hola
bird of Los Angeles was solemnized Wednesday
evening at 8:30 o'clock at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church in the presence of about five hundred
friends. The Rev. Robert Ritchie,- the rector,
officiated.
"Mine Host" Leon Faure
Shuts Up Ancient
Doors.
Sisters of Sacred Heart
Purchase a Site on
Broadway.
Court Orders a Sale of
Colonel Finnegan's
* Property.
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
"Tell me something about the haunted'
houses which are still standing in this
city?" the agent was requested.
• "Now you are getting on dangerous
ground. In these days of well defined libel
laws you can't talk about a -man's prop
erty in a way that will depreciate its
value without paying well for your fun.
Circulating ghost stories about particular
houses, is not calculated to improve their
renting value and the owners might be
able to show that we had done them real
damage. There is one house In West
Eleventh street that is never more than
half-filled because years ago some one
thought the house was haunted and the
story of the terrible ghosts that walk
about the halls at night has been handed
down from tenant to tenant. There are
other haunted houses, but we are trying
to forget where they are, hoping that the
stories will be forgotten. It is generally
difficult to rent or dispose of houses in
which sensational crimes have been com
mitted. Long murder trials in which the
houses figured prominently usually cause
them to remain vacant for, a long time.
"The idea that it is unlucky to live in
No. 13 is rapidly ! disappearing. I know
of but one woman who has given her
house a new number because it was No.
13. John D. Rockefeller Jr.. certainly has
no regard for unlucky thirteen. He will
begin housekeeping with his bride at 13
"VKest Fifty-fourth street."
There was a time when rich men hes
itated about building mansions in which
to spend their declining years. The super
stition started through the death of sev
eral men of . wealth soon after moving
into fine homes, the construction of which
they began late in life.. Some of the finest
homes now building in this city are for
men who are well along in years. Among
them may be mentioned Andrew ,Carne
gie's place in Fifth avenue, between
Ninety-first and Ninety-second streets,
and the $1,000,000 residence which James
B. Haggin is building on the site of 4he
old Progress Club., r '
"Real estate men are gradually for
getting most of the old-time superstitions
which used to cause us much trouble."
said a dealer the other day to a New York
Tribune reporter. "The number of houses
which cannot be rented or sold on account
of being haunted or because some terrible
crime was committed on , the premises is
rapidly decreasing. ' We run across .only
a few people who balk at living In house
No. 13. Even elderly men who have made
big fortunes are beginning to believe that
there is nothing in the old saying that
the aged rich man builds a mansion to
die in it. New Yorkers are entirely too
practical to hold to old superstitions; be
sides, the big apartment houses which we
are building all over town are blotting
out the old houses which may have had
histories."
House Are No Longer Terror
Breeding-.
Number "Thirteen" and the Haunted
OLD SUPERSTITIONS •.-*:. '
ABE FAST DYING OUT
"TO LET" SIGN
ON HERMITAGE
Margaret Henderson; Miss Ethel Harvev
vs. Miss L. Wollenburg: Miss N. Wolleri
burg vs. Miss Mabel Martin; Miss Ethel
Cation vs. Miss TaUulah Le Conte; Miss
Alice Gompertz vs. Miss Elsie NuttTng:
Miss Jessie Wybro vs. Miss Margaret
Murray: Miss Elsa LIchtenberg vs. Miss
F. Mayhew; Miss Mary Farrell vs. Miss
E. B. Ratcllft.
CATHOLICS WILL
BUILD HOSPITAL
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— A meeting of the
Alameda County Bar Association has
been called for to-morrow afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Courthouse for the
purpose of reviving the association.
Bar Association Meeting.
notified Sheriff Rogers, who sent Schoe
nau after him.
Sheriff Rogers received a dispatch to
night from Calistoga stating that men
answering the descriptions of Loring and
Mclnnis. the latest escapes, are in jail
there. The Sheriff will go to Calistoga
to-morrow.
would be a sincer in opera.
This prodigy is a bright child in many
respects, and for one of nine years is far
in advance of many of her seniors. She
speaks several languages and is well ad
vanced in her public school studies.
Ime getting through an open window
mhout touching the sides, let alone a
lole in a grated window 7 by 11 inches.
Ie .wars the marks to-day upon his face
uia hands superinduced by Sergeant
'T?* 11 . and Jailer Swain when they tried
>ut the thought would never have oc
:urred to him to try vhat game. He read
The theory advanced . by Marian Duval and
other oil experts that the oil discoveries in
the Kern River district on one side and Mc-
Klttriek and Sunset on the other are but th«
outcropping* In the rim of a. vast oil baaln.
underlying' the Southern San Joaquln Valley
is to be put to the test. A well is to be tank
at the lowest point of the valley and to such
a depth that the correctness or incorrectness
of tbe theorx W U1 be proved beyond a question.
The Grand (Ml Company of Reno.. Xev-. . has
secured territory in what was formerly the
swamp between Kern and Buena Vista, lakes
and is now moving its machinery on the bold.
Ings, with the view of beginning the work of
sinking a. -well there 3000 feet deep If neces
sary. The proceedings will be -watched with
much Interest by oil producers.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 17.— The Cajifor
nian to-day published the following:
Feet Between Kern and Buena
Vista Lakes.
Well to Be Sunk Three Thousand
THEORY OF OIL EXPERTS .
WILL BE PUT TO A TEST
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— "The Slaves of the
Orient." a realistic representation of life
in Turkey, is the bill at the Dewey The
ater this week and it is drawing crowded
houses. Next week "Quo Vadis" will be
presented, and an entire set of new scen
ery has been painted for the production.
Flaying to Crowded Houses.
MAN WHO TRIED TO ESCAPE FROM THE OAKLAND CITY PRISON.
THE TOOLS HE USED, AND SKETCH SHOWING WHY HE DID NOT
SUCCEED.
NINE- YEAR-OLD GIRL WHOSE
VOICE IS MARVEL OF MUSI
CIANS. *
DOES NOT LIKE
STAR BOARDER
The voice that promises to win Mis3
Anita a place among the song birds of
California Is said by her sponsors to be
remarkably high-pitched.. Its power is*
particularly full and strong in the upper
registers, though always containing that
velvety tone so requisite to. a successful
songstress. She has a range of three com
plete octaves. Her '. enunciation is so al
most perfect and clearcut as to be com
parable to that of an operatic star.
Miss»Anita is the child of German par
ents. Captain and Mrs. John Ochernal.
who have given her over to her friends
that they may develop her musical In
clinations. These friends aim to get the
most out of her talents and to endow her
with an education that will bring her suc
cess. She Is being taught singing and
elocution and dancing— all necessary if one
of this little girl and the range
of her vocalization have won the admira
tion of professional musicians, who hold
out the greatest hopes for her future ca
reer. Friends of the youthful prodigy vig
orously assert that the grand opera stage,
is her destiny. . ' '
sweet singer. The bird-like notes
AKLAND, Jan. 17.— Miss Anita
Ochernal is only 9 years old, but
she has already developed into a
COLON, Colombia. Jan. 17.— No ex
change of prisoners took place at Tobaga
yesterday, in spite of the announcement
that an exchange was to be effected then.
The Government Commissioners and Cap
tain Mead of the United States cruiser
Philadelphia waited five hours, fruitless
ly, for the appearance of Liberals with
the Government prisoners in charge.
It is reported at Panama that General
Castro recently engaged a detachment of
the revolutionary forces . and defeated
them, though most of the Liberals es
caped to their vessel. Another report
says Liberal ships have been chasing the
Government gunboat Boyaca In the di
rection of Chiriqui. Both reports are un
confirmed. The Government fleet will
probably be ready to sail this" afternoon.
tro Defeated Some of the
Revolutionists.
Report at Panama That General Cas-
PRISONERS ARE NOT ' Vf
EXCHANGED AT TOBAGA
COIN IN SIGHT
FOR CREDITORS
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— There were no
escapes from jail to-day. At
both the County Jail and the
City Prison the prisoners re
mained quietly In their cells.
Thee victims of a fad that has become a.
mania among the city and county's
gnests are pleased to stay In jail until
the weather moderates, as brakebeam
riding at this time of the year Is very
arduous.
On account of a shortness In the supply
of saws the incarcerated at the County
Jail will put up with prison fare a week
¦>r so longer, though their esthetic tastes
rebel against the beef and potatoes that
come to them, three times a day.
Some of the Sheriff's deputies have been
staying up nights lately, so that it has
been something of a problem to get saws
through the bars. The prisoners are hop
ing that friends who are abetting them in
their craze to again resume their social
and economical obligations will conceal a
few of these useful articles in an orange
or piece of wine jelly cake.
r*p at the City Prison Frank Dunn, who
tried to crawl through an aperture of
cramped dimensions and got his 180
pounds of flesh stuck so hard that he
nearly suffocated, is bewailing a lost op
portunity. He is wondering how it is that
he ever tried to reconcile a cook's Job
with an escape. Having to mingle dally
to unscrew him last night from the hole.
The centrifugal movement was too much
for him.
Dunn feels very bitter against Sheriff
Ropers and the County Jailers, particu
larly now that Chief of lolice Hodgkins
has placed a felony charge against him
for trying to do what any other prisoner
would do if he had a chance. He says
that If they hadn't let so> many men get
with the victuals for a number of months
he increased his avoirdupois so much
that he thinks he would have had a hard
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Fred Smith, vho,
• in company with Frank Caldwell and
James Murphy, cut his way out of the
County Jail Tuesday night, is again be
hind the bars of his late residence. He
was identified by Chief Jailer Schoenau
to-day at the County Jail at' Martinez
and brought back to Oakland. Smith was
arrested for a vagrant at San Pablo by
Constable Gall the day after his escape
from the Alameda County Jail and sen
tenced to serve three days in the Contra
Costa County Jail. Upon receiving the
descriptions of the men, the Contra Costa
Sheriff examined his prisoners and found
that Smith tallied with one of them. He
Is Arrested in Martinez and Taken
Back to Oakland.
SMITH AGAIN IN PRISON.
BERKELEY,. Jan. 17.— Joseph Brother*
died this morning at 2147 Russeil street
from the effects of swallowing a plate
containing three false teeth. The acci
dent occurred while he was eatlns dinner
yesterday evening. In some manner tho
plate became loosened and was swallowed
with food. Death came after many hours
of suffering.
The act of swallowing the teeth caused
severe injuries to the pharynx and
esophagus. Mr. Brothers suffered greatly
and the removal of the teeth through the
esophagus by means of surgical Instru
ments proved a great shock to his sys
tem. An inquest will be held Monday
evening. Shock from Injuries received Is
said to be the cause of death.
The deceased arrived from Mexico ten
days ago on a visit to his family here.
He had been in that country at different
times for six years past in the pursuit of
his trade, that of an engineer. He was
employed on a cotton plantation when bo
was taken 111 and was compelled to go to
a hospital. While 111 ho was robbed of
the money he had with him. He decided
to come to this cotfntry and In company
with a. son. who traveled south to meet
him. he made the journey to his family
• in this citjr.
Mr. Brothers was a native of Canada,
aged 66 years. Ife came to this country
twelve years ago and resided here until
his departure for Mexico. He«leaves a
wife. ; Mrs. Mary M. Brothers, and five
children. John. Amos, Lena. Joseph and
Walter Brothers.
The casket bearers were six non-com
missioned officers from Company F, Fifth
Regiment. N. G. C. A firing squad under
Captain Hunt escorted the remains to
Mountain View Cemetery.
Colonel Charles J. Evans, Joseph Ghirar
delll. C. L. Ingler. William J. Dingee, Colonel
Samuel D. Mayer, Colonel L. L. Bromwell,
Colonel Samuel J. Taylor. Colonel Leslie
Hughes.
The honorary pallbearers were:
The Republican Alliance, Oakland Lodge -of
Elks, Oakland Light Cavalry, Company A,
N. G. C; Dr. George W. Merritt. Dr. Emma
L. Merritt, H. R. H. Adamson. A. O. Harrison,
Sylvia La Rue, Arthur Aikln, Mrs. W. J.
Dlng^ee. Frank* J. Symmes, H. M. Gregory,
Fred S.- Stratum. Mrs. John L. Howard, Mrs.
Charles C. Olney, Arthur Casseis. Mr. and
Mrs. Q. A. Chase. Mrs. John W. Dickinson,
Mrs. George E. Arrowsmith, Mrs. J. c.
Tucker, Frederick Poock, Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Dornln, Mrs. H. A. Williams, Mrs. O. K.
Williams. .
The music was furnished by the Elks'
Quartet, composed of C. L. Learn, Frank
H. Ayers, A. G. Cliff and J. C. Hart.
They sang "Jesus, Lover of My Soul,"
"Lead, Kindly Light." and, by request of
the family, "Good-night." " •
There were many beautiful floral offer-
Ings, which covered the casket and pul
pit of the church. Among those who sent
floral tributes were:
The simple but impressive ritual of tha
Order of Elks was read by Exalted Ruler
Henry A. Melvin and the responses were
made by Esteemed Leading Knight G.-R.
Lukens, Esteemed Loyal Knight \V. HJ
Halsey and Esteemed Lecturing Knight
L. E. Mason. The eulogy, which was
brief, was delivered by the Rev. Dr. J.
K. McLean, a lifelong friend of the de
cedent. Dr. McLean paid a, high tribute
to the sterling worth of the decedent, say
ing that he enjoyed the, respect, the con
fidence and the friendship of all who
knew him.
The funeral of the late Colonel TV. C.
Little was held this afternoon at 2 o'clock,
the local' lodge of Elks, of which the de
cedent was an honored member, directing
the services. There has seldom been fu
neral services in Oakland 1 - so largely at
tended. The Elks were there In a body
and there were representations from the
Union League of San Francisco, the Athe
nian Club of Oakland, the National Guard
of .California, the Republican Alliance,
the Old Oakland. Guard, the . Oakland
Light Cavalry, city officials and promi
nent citizens of Oakland and San Fran
cisco. , , ..
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17.
Esophagus Severely iDjured
and the Shock Proves
Too Great *
Largely Attended Funeral Is
Conducted by Oakland
Lodge of Elks. ,
about them daily in the newspapers. Just
as he would have read of the market re
ports, and he was seized with the craze
to Join his confreres -n the open air con
cert. If it hadn't been that he was in
such a hurry he thinks he might have
taken time to saw off another bar with
nls butcher knife and then enjoyed trav
eling with McGinnis and Loring, who are
supposed to be on a. northbound sugar
train.
J. Brothers Swallows His
Plate and Then
Succumbs.
Impressive Services Over
Remains of Colonel
- . Little.
FALSE TEETH
CAUSE DEATH
DEEPLY MOURN
LATE COMRADE
OAKLAND'S REMAINING PRISONERS
ARE PLEASED TO STAY IN JAIL
Decide to Remain Behind Prison Bars Until Weather Moderates^
as Brakebeam Riding at This Season of the Year Is Very
Arduous and, Again, the Supply of Saws Has Run Short
ANITA OCHERNAL'S VOICE
IS MARVEL OF MUSICIANS
Nine-Year-Old Ghild's Vbcal Capabilities As-
tonish Professional Singers, !Wtio Declare
'Grand Opera -Stage-. Is HerOertain Destiny
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY ' 1 8^ 1902.
11
cTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, ; 1902.
12
SAJT FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban FTanciseo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until ir o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery etreet,
comer Clay; cnen until »:30 p. m.
."f»0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
(5X1 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1J>41 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market rtreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10TW5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
JCorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
gson FHImore street: open until 9 p. m.
?RCH services. ;
FIRST United Presbyterian ChurcK corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk Et. — Preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by the ;
pastor. H. H. Bell. D.D.; morning theme.
"Children of God"; evening theme. "Recipro-
cal Honor." Sabbath-schooi at 9:45 a. m.
C K. Societies at 5:30 and 6:30 p. m.
Strangers cordially invited to all services.
Pews free. Courteous ushere. Come ana
bring your friends.
MEETING NOTICES.
H^RljANN~Lodse~No. 127. F. and A. ¦
M.— Called meeting THIS (SATUR- +£%-
DATl EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. De- frX
cree Two. By order of the W. M. ' ~» '
"^ L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
SOTTTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
C12 F. and A. M.. meets THIS (SAT- _#%_
VRDAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /K/T
for Second Degree. By order of the ' "^ *
Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Loose N<». 21«. F. and A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
¦ EVENING at 7:00 o'clock. Third De- }LX
pree. Master Masons are cordially in- / /•
vltcd. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204, I
<~». <">. F.— Mombers please ayrem-Kg* ijSSe
We at our lodgeroom SUNDAY
MORNING. January 1». 1902, at '•'«»•
S:30 o'clock sharp, for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late brother. Past
Grand JCSEPH SCHMIDT.
J. H. ROSENBERG. X. G.
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- v VTSt
hratp the anniversary of the birth 3V, tjuj
rf ROBERT BURNS with a con-
r*rt and social dance in Scottish '•*'*»
Hail. Ill Larkin et.. on FRIDAY EVENING,
January 24. Admission I5c.
- JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNEB. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceiveJ applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C Murphy in the Hlddfn j
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey j
• 'anyon; from John Pascoe and W. H. Se- |
oombe in the Chili Ravine gravel mine, near
Placerville. El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chill Ravine: from Warren T.
Rus-seil. in the Happy Flat placer mine, at
tJarden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
"Wentz Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dcrado County, to deposit tailings
on s flat below the mine, gives notice that a j
meeting will be held at room 53, Flood build- !
injt San Krahclsco. Cal.. on February 3,
. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholder* - of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office o* the
company. 327 Market etreet In the City and
Ocsntr of Fan Francisco. State of California,
<-n TUESDAY, the 21st day of January. 1302.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pcie of electing a Board of Dtrectors to serve
tor the ensuing year and for the transaction
ft tuch other business as may' come before
the trceting. Transfer books will close on
Fr'.flay. January 10. 1!)C2. at 3 o'clock p. m.
Ey order of the President
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
'•«¦ held et the office of the company. ::27
Market et. San Francisco, en MONDAY.
'he SOth day of January. 1902. at the hour
• •f 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the cn-
foIsk year and the transaction of such oth.-r
tartness as may come before the meeting.
Tfce transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 17. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. H ANN AM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas end Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post St.. San Francisco. Cal. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
v.-ill be held nt the office of the company. 415
Post rt.. in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. «t 12 o'clock m. on TUESDAY. Janu-
ary 21. 11K»2. The transfer bocks of the com-
pany will be closed from January 10. 1002. to
and including January 21. 1002.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Doted Pan Francisco. January ti. 1002.
STOCKHOLDER!? MEETING— The anryial
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 222 Market 6t.. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1!KI2. at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to eerve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
rr.sy come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
- Janusry S. 1002.
ADOPTION.
BRUNETTE infant for adoption; p.l«o boy
haby 2 years old. EMILIE FUNKE. 1410
Eighth ft.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty. Exam. bldg.. Cth floor, rm.
fil3; all oasef; damages, estates, wills, mort-
pagfF. partnerehipF. attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free:no 1
advance charges, open eve's; call or write, j
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty;quick:qulet;
no cTiarce without success : established 1<! yr*.
O;->en evening*! by 8ppolr.tment;phoneJohn3*.81.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market et. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorcs; bankruptcy: collections;
attachments; mortgages :bills of sale; partner-
ships : deeds: willc drawn: no fee unless me- i
ccss'ul; cy>en e\ - e's. J.M.Thurstcn.Sl'J Market !
AOV1CK free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. U27 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg.. 327 Mar"
¦k?t st.: rorsiiltatlon free: no foes In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN^
GERMAN lady would like couple of children to
board; sunny yard. 439 Minna et.
W A NTED — ChiM to board; best "of cart; ref-
eren<-es. 117 Noe st..
BOOKS XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Ho'.mes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1046.
BUSINESS CHAXCm
A — S1C-OC; CANDY Etore on Mission st. ; rent
?1S; place eFtabl. years and doing a good pay-
Ing business; value in sight Call R. G.
WILKE, 20>i Kearny st.
A— $7.*0: TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland, Or.; rer>t ?25; lease; low expenses
and first-class raying, business : knowledge of
business not neefsrary. Meet owner In office
of R. G. WILKE, 2C'i Kearny st
A— flOOO; HAY. Rrain, wood and *—• « ~:^ on
KlBKlon *t.; rtr.t ?10: ««••;!. jZf years; other
injslnesK compels u*n?r to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ?70ti; RESTAURANT and chop house: kept
by owner 7 years; clearing ,above ?150 per
month; located in End between large hotels:
to buyer meaning butiness 5 days' trial given.
Cail R. G. WILKE. 2U',J Kearny st-
$50(>— POULTRY and wild game store doing a
rocd paying business: low rent: location can't
** be3t. See R. G. WILKE. 26'4 Kearny Et
A — <~IGAFc Etand: fixtures, lease, good will. for
£4OO; ttock at Invoice: location can't be beat.
Cail R. G. WILKE. 2C\4 Kearny et
A~$fl00: COFFEE Fsloon and restaurant; es-
- tsblishert yrars; first-class payins; located
close to Clironicle building; bargain; call
cocr. R. O. WILKE. 2C',j Kearny st.
A— f Wii; MII.K- depot and «!»lry produce store
r>n Firth rt; rent ?20: living rooms; fine
«>!>enlr.g for man and wife. Call R. 1 G.
WI LKE. 20i£ Kenrny st . j
A— S10U0,: BOARDIXG-HOI'SE iirul caloor..
tvitli 1«* furnished rooms: rent $45; 3 years'
leapp; established yeans: located on Mont-
gomery rt.: gfcod business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 'JG\j Kearny «t
FIRST-CLASS' boarding nnd rooming house;
<>!c^ant!y furnished: full of boarders and
rooraeri-; must he a responsible party; a bar-
rain lor the right party: rent ?200 per month.
__McBRIDE & CO.. 705 Market st. rooms 1-2.
2 RKRTAURANTS for tale at sacrifice: J225 to
*»«. Investigate at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765
Market Et. :..¦¦ -
IlEALY fi CAIjn. phone James 277l.»
« Eddy sit., rooms IS and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lends, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
FOR sale cheap — Bar fixtures and house of 7
rooms to let; near drydocks, South San Fran-
olsco; good location. Apply to McLEOD &
HATJE 515 Market Bt.-San Francisco.
LIVERY, boarding and sale stable.- 40c on jT";
murt sell; easy money; established 40 years-
central location; don't miss it. Business
Board of Trade. 320 Pine st
J.H.STANTON, real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
A — THIRTY cigar etandp that net $2 50 to 60
_3ally. Ask C. L.. HEDGES, 4C2 Parrott bldg.
FOR SALE— A cigar stand in Oakland! Ad-
4re£* box 23SS. Call office. Oakland.
BUSINESS CH ANCES— - Continued. \
$2750. $2750 ... ........ ... . .$2750
Large livery and boarding stable.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete.
Over BO steady boarders.
Finest location in city.
Party retiring from the business. Full -par-
tlcolars by STENBERQ CO., 759 Market
FOR sale — A first-class merchant tailoring es-
tablishment in country. Apply REISS BROS.
6 CO.. 24 Sutter 6t ¦ •
$4500— PARTNER wanted for a legitimate
business, where every dollar Is absolutely se-
cured: only parties meaning business should
answer. Box 2875. Call office. ¦ . .
PARTNER wanted In good paying business;
$3000 or $4000 required; full Investigation
courted; principals only; references required
and given. Address box 2S89, Call office.
$2500 BUYS a good paying restaurant, with 10
living rooms; trial given :>bwner retiring; no
agents. Box 2S45. Call office.
FOR Sale — Tailoring business in the country;
living rooms, furniture, etc.; doing a good
business. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Box 2S14,
Call office.
WANTED — A first-class saloon man; one with
saloon fixtures preferred. Box 2S6S, Call.
I WILL pell or take a partner in fruit store.
243 Fifth st.
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission st !
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
leja. Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 523 Pacific
Et: prop, has two places: wants to .sell ine.
LODGING-HOUSES FO*t SALE.
A— Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN. 71«J Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houEes or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
IS r.; new building; rent $60; bargain.. $1000
10 r.; 5 blocks N of Mkt; 2 floors; heary
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.; nice.. $525
12 r. ; rent $55; must sell; a snap $400
14 r.; rent $45; clears $54: clean $000 j
13 r. ; on Geary st. ; 5 blocks of Market; high-
ly respectable; good neighborhood; -present I
owner been there 5 years; good furniture and j
good carpets; no other agent has It for sale; !
will take a email house In part pay Slum i
7 r. ; rent $16; owner going East; nice.. $300
40 r. ; one of the best houses In S. F. ; elo- i
gant; fine location; clears$175 $4000 1
2S r.; permanent, tran.; clears $120 mo. $1400 |
55 r. ; central; Income $375 above rent.$"»00O |
50 r.: rent $140; Income $350 per mo.. $4000 ;
100 r.; elevator: office; clears $400 $7000 •
I can show you a bona-fide proposition with ¦
Income of $76S per month above rent: the |
very best investment in this city $SQOO j
36- ROOM hotel and bar $1700 J
14 rooms: on Mission st 450
66 rooms; clears $300 4000
12 rooms; on Golden Gate ave fi.v>
54 rooms; price 450 ]
14 rooms; worth SSOO 500
10 room?: only 300
¦ 24 rooms: near Powell and Geary 1S50
15 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 050
100 rooms: clears $400 5500
37 rooms; on Market Ft: 2 entrances;
offices: permanent -and transient 2f00
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 706.
AA ATTENTION. BUYERS AA
You may bay any rooming-house in the
city and pay for It
In monthly rayments
From the profit? of the house.
We furnish vacant houses
And loan money at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
S50 Market Et. Tel. Davis 281.
50 ROOMS; new house: new furniture: cheap
rent: a great bargain: <»asy terms; call and
see it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850
Market st
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY. or If you v.-ant to borrow
MONEY at IVi rer cent, call on M. E.
RIVES, ftlfl Market «.. rm. OH: tel. Main 12S.
A — NOTICE — Wo have roomlng-housos, ail
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city: get
«>ur list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.. rooms 1 and
2 — Bargains in lodging-houses: a Mg list;
nic. ch"le«. Please call and Investigate.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale cheap: 20 roomR:
rent $40: $S0 clear: transient most: newly |
furnished: worth $1000. twx 2S39. Call office, j
HOUSE of ten rooms centrally located: all or*- |
cupled: rent $3ii; funny slrle of street: parties
going East. Address A. M.. box 2SS7. Cal 1 . j
ROOMING house tor sale. $300: cause, death; |
17 rms. full: Fteady roomers. 2S>A Clay st. '
SPiniTIIAI-ISM.
DENTISTS.
A— DR." V* sTHIGGINSroWMTrket et, Emma
Ppreekels blag.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings. $1 50: other flll-
ines. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
• plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up. •
Painless extraction. !
I do first-lass work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret painless method; 20 years
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market cor.
4th. rm. 7.. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.- Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50: flllinsrs. 5Oc;
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth 6t.
PARIS Dentat Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 184f Polk yt \
t>R. R.L.WALSH. 815?i Geary. nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext. 50c: plates ?5 up: phone Polk 1135.
1 DOG SPECIALIST. J^ .
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY. "caninTTpeclalist. j
late of New York City, has just located at .
90(! Jones st. where he will administer to the
g ailments of domesticated animals; office
hours 10 to .1: telephone Kate 20S5.-
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by oruggists '
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES j
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 101'J Mai ket st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NEER1NG — Theory demonstration, construe- |
lion, laboratory and shot) wurK; thoroughly j
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. **.! !
catalogue free. ¦ |
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market !
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran- !
tees a complete bus. education: shorthand, j
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, j
fpell:ng, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers; ;
new lypewrlteis; positions secured; cat. free, j
HKALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST., j
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; j
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining ;
engineering: day and night; catalogue free. ,
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any |
Stanlord professor. Phelan building.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur- j
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1S64. Van I
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough j
modern methods: positions for all graduates. 1
nsw CO-page cataloaue tree. 305 Larkin st. I
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping aud the >
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1230 Market St. :
A — The cfflclal reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER- !
„ MARSH COLLEGE. Is this adv'.ce worth I
'following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. !
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School. <
associated with theatrical agency securing ;
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell it. i
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re- i
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414" Mason St. j
LADY teacher would like a few more Juvenile '
/piano pupils: 50c an hour. Box 2879, Call. :
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, j
etc.: day.cr eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. '
SPANISH. French. otc.Prof.DeFilipp'e'sAcademy I
of Languages. . "201'ost :est.'ib'd lR7l:ablest profs, j
SHORTHAND tautht hv mall or personally. '
- MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. i
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good !
teacher. • 100S Mission: Instruments selected.
Chlraeo Bu.-?ine«s Coil«>*e. 14H5 Mark<=t.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.: $6 mo. •
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S' DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlcht rlafS. 42* Pln» st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin; gnltnr
Iej?.«op5. POc: piano for practice. 3r> Fifth «t. .1
HEALD'S BusinPM College. 24 Post st. S. F. : j
founded IRfiS: new SO-pa«r» catalogue fn»e. :
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE. ,_
SITUATION^by a nrsV-c!«Br^ook; hotel, lunch
or boarding house. Cal 1 or address W.. G.,
362 Third, st v • .
WANTED — Position as salesman in shoe store;
. some experience; best of references; from
country; young man. Address box 2873. Call.
COACHMAN wants position; flrst-cl&ss groom
and driver; sober and Industrious: can milk;
best references. . Box 2891, Call office. .
MAN and wife wish positions In private fam-
ily, man to do general work about \ the
house or gardener and wife as cook; good
references, gox 2S70, Call. .
STATIONARY engineer, wants position in ma-
chinery house: good pipe fitter; strictly tem- I
perate; ice and ref. machinery a specialty.
Address MILLET, 204 Van Ness ave. ?
BANDMAN: professional snare drummer and
barber; steady Job In Inland town ; reliable.
J. R. EOffEN; 504 Ninth st.. Oakland, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS baker, foreman, milk or home-
made bread, wants work. Address Baker,
225 Third st, Oakland. '
ORCHARD and vineyard man with team wants
work; can run place. Box 2S63. Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
age as bookkeeper or clerk In a wholesale or
retail house, either city or_ country. Box
2S35. Call office. " - •
YOUNG man 20 years cf age with 3 years" ex-
perience in butcher business would like to
finish trade; will work for board and small
wages. Box 2848, Call office. ¦____
A YOUNG man wishes situation: Is thoroughly
familiar with horses; can speak French. Ital-
ian. Spanish and English thoroughly; prefers
private family. Box 2S55. CalL
YOUNG man, age 21, seeks employment; hon-
eet and not afraid of work. Box 2827, Call.
POSITION wanted by bartender; good appear-
ance, steady, etc.: city or country; highest
references. Box 2831, Call office.
PORTER and house man, late at a first-class
hotel In the city, desires work In hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Box 2258. Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist, running engine and I
repair any kind of machinery; handy in
email planing mill; city or country. Box
2S02. Call office. ¦ . ¦ . U
NURSE, with surgical physician's ref.; obllg-
ing, and satisfaction always given. \ F. M.
JONES, 206 Van Ness. ave.; tel South 857.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and blacksmith and
running engine: handy at any kind of ma-
chine work. Box 2803. Call office.
GOOD gardener, with 14 years' experience,
would like position in a private family; can
speak only German, French and Italian. Ad-
dress G. TSCHABOLD, 329% Green st. S. F.
YOUNG man, Japanese, trustworthy, most
economical, good cook, or first-class waiter,
wishes position; speaks good English. W.
O. K.. 403 Dupont St.; three days.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2*JiM> Flllmors.
A BRANCH- office for Call advertisements anl
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. •' •
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post st. \
PACIFIC Coast Undenwrltlng Co. (Inc.)— We !
have 42 offices In operation; new method. of {
placing stocks and bonds: companies lncoi- j
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call i
or address main office. 507-R-9 Parrott bldg.
- FLATS TO LET.
PLEASANT. 28. nr. Sacramento, above Taylor i
— Sunny modern flat, 0 rooms; marine view. J
FLATS WASTED. J
SMALL furnished Vlat or 3 or 4 housekeeping
rooms. Box 2S60, Call. ' j
- FURNITURE FOR SALE. I
| m _ _ - J -,_,^.n.-u. _-.- I
4 ROOMS furniFhed In oak, $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-llJt Market. !
MINNA. 278 — 0-room house. In good order.
Call from 2 to 4; no agents.^
FOR sale — Floor coverlns of new S-room flat :
used 4 months. Apply 1C54 Golden Gate. I
FOR sale— Fine piano $45. cost $650. and din-
ing-room set cheap. 1022B Howard st. |
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; wtll sell whole ;
"or part;- 1012 Flllmore. near Bush: flat 3. i
FURNITURE WANTED". j
XT'^VOLLPfiRT. 773 Mission st. pays htghe.it !
prlc» for seccnil-liaT'-l furniture: tel. Re*! 1S51. (
HEL.P WASTED WAI/E- — CraTO V
A— MURRAY & READY.;... Phone Main R84S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Blacksmith for a camp.' .....$05
Carpenter, near city, rough work. .$2 25 day
2 brlckmasons for mine $90 &• fd
T pruners, orchard and vineyard.. $1 50 fare
2 laborers, no experience, for mine.. $40 & fd
5 woodchoppers, Napa Co $1 75 ccrd
10 tlemakers, cheap fares, virgin timber....
10 men to learn tlemaklng. tools furnished..
Stableman for dairy; 3 milkers and cl'cre-
men. . :•-• \..> - : .,-,
Gardener, private place $30 & fd
Catholic choreman, institution $25 ft fd
..........HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 bakers, country $12 and $10 week & fd
• waiter, -city, *40 and found; German waiter,
I country hotel; 3 cooks; kitchen help; second
cook, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St
Wanted — 500 men for new railroad work
In Nevada $2 a day
Free fare Free fare-
Carpenters, country. $2 50 a day and
found. See boss here.
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel butcher, country hotel, $70; short
order cook for cafe, country hotel, $75;
steward and head waiter, hotel, $60; cook
and wife, wife chambermaid, small coun-
try hotel. -$55 to $60: cook for hotel In Ne-
vada, $75; broiler. $70: barkeeper, city, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOREMAN for sash and blind factory: setter
for mill, ?60 to *75: fancy lroner, $1 50 day;
. farmers, $25 * and ?30: 2 farmers and wives,
$35 and $40;% young driver for. milk yagon,
$30 and found; piano player for country:
carriage blacksmith, $3 50 day; wood chop-
' pers, tie makers and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO ...628 Sacramento
BUTLER with city references, $40: 2 waiters
and bed makers, $25: restaurant second cook,
$60, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
-Sacramento Et. , '
ANDRE'S Office rr'. . 316 Stockton st.
Cook for plain hotel, city. $50; cook- for
country hotel, $45; cook for factory help,
$50, etc. ! !•
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, .20 Montgomery, r. 12.
. 2 waiters, $45; head waiter. $50. city.
WANTED — Person In each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
- bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses;
inclose self-addressed stamped envelops.
Manager. 320 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
LIFE chance for a' sober, steady, trustworthy
young man as partner in groceries, fruit, veg-
etables, candies, nuts, cigars and tobacco
store; best location In Oakland: $375 re-
quired; positively a bargain to suitable par-
ty. 775 Washington st, cor. 5th, Oakland.
BARBERS, attention; for sale — one of the best
paying barber shops and bath in the city,
price. ?2750; only party with above amount
need apply. Box 28S1, Call office.
WANTED — Practical experienced saloonman to
advance .$3000 for part Interest In profitable
business; investor -to control bar privilege;
references required. . Address box 2890, Call.
WANTED — Bright boy about in years old for
general work In store. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market Bt -
WANTED — Good talkers, to work In Oakland;
. must make good appearance. Apply room
45. 810 Market st., San Francisco.
WANTED — All around boarding-house cook.
Hoffman House, Harbor View, opposite Ful-
ton Iron Works.
WANTED — Union barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 21 East st.
BARBER wanted . for Saturday evening and
Sunday morning. 394 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturdays and Sundays.
713 Mission st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday.' 108 Fourth
street
BARBER 5 o'clock Saturday to Sunday 12. 414
Montgomery ave.
STRONG boy In butcher shop. 1S23 Point
Lobos ave.
WANTED — Solicitors for family wine trade.
1S18 Market st.
WANTED— First class card writer. Box 2841,
Call office. ¦¦ .
YOUNG man for office: wages $50. Box 2S74,
Call office. •¦ -. -
WANTED — Errand boy flower store. 317 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — A - first-class coatmaker; price $S
and $10 upvard; no fare paid. Address P. O.
box 41, Truckee, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced domestic -salesman.
Appiy bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
BRIGHT. Intelligent office boy for large whole-
sale and retail store. Box 2838. Call.
LOST ASO KOOM. — -Cow tin rr
LOST— A pas:, book with the Hlbernla Savlnp
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of DORA BOHLKEN: No. 208-167.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pair gold-rimmed spectacles on Sacra-
mento Ft. from Lyon to Fillmore; reward.
_jH02Ja California at. -
IT will pay to" "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
*\ A CH I \ K WfKK^ ij
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento st.
builds models and experimental machinery:
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL. £
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL^ /-.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are- sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to th* longest cases. DR. G.
N . W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years* experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
Infants adopted. 410 O'FarreU. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 OTarrell ft
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies* physician; 23
years" successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
In confinement 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles"
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 122S Market st: 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
Dr. Rosen, res. 134U Alabama st, nr. 26th;
treatment $5 tq$10;avold delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINKS AM> MINING. !
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big., S.
F. : branch office, Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS. engine3,° 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont »t
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley?.
et; WHITELAW; 253-255 Spear St.
WAL1.PAPER 3o, worth 10c; paperhanging.
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st; tel.
Jackscn 1321.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments ; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR sale — 2000 trees: Mun Peach, Lovell
Peach. Royal Apricots. Almond trees; cheap.
H. C. TREAT. Concord. Cal.
FOR SALE — Steam launch Romola; Webster
St., bridge. Oakland Creek. Apply at TAY-
LOR' S ' boathouse.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. It
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st.. upstairs.
A— $." 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery bt.
GEM pans for school, 2 for 5c GITSHAM'S,
005 Valencia, 2046 Mission.
RARE talking silver gray African parrot, with
cage: beautiful bird; $50. 1019 Sutter st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montr y-
BOATS. launches, rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st
FAIRBANK'S 10-tort hay scales; Jeweler's steel
Hied safe, perfect order. 21« California st.
£££ rpU'tu^fto^t a o 9 ne7' b t£
SSeap^
or 80 AH ouri»iano 9 are tg? c ™g»%
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MLSiC CO.. 7t»
Market st ] .' -
AGAIN we remind you that our P ll «"» •*£?*;
both new and second-hand, ia the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $0 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHU.-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran S} 3 F?'-V yT '
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPF ORGANS
BYRON* MAUZY. 303-310-312 Post st. __
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— -
Second-hand upright pianos from S5S up.
Second-hand square pianos from $..0 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; naw upright
pianos from $175 up. BEN.T. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Ma3on
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited if purchased:
Installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up in Steinways. He ne.
Chickerlng. etc. Agents wanted for Peeriess
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st. p
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. S85; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35: Steinway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: B«ch-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON, 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any timi*
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price- costs you only 20c a day* to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'FarreU
st ;- established 1S50. |
A STECK. Everett, Hardman, Ludwiff. Pack-
ard, Klngsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st Popular prices!
Easy terms!
A— PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
rent, store or sell; no reasonable cash oner
refused. 217 Geary st.. room 3&
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $l°°«p-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCES
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
100 NEW pianos $3 a month; money allowed on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st.
PRIVATE Darty will sacrifice account death
handsome new S-pedal upright piano. 505 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung, 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE*S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shcninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
NEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR ALICE J. PRATHER, late of Now York,
has permanently located at 607 -Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
s'zes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission at.
OFFICES AND STORES TO IiET.
FOURTH. 303V. — Store and basement to let:
suitable for hardware store. Apply J. DE-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st.
EMMA Spreckels building, 027 Market st. — Of-
fices 'with modern conveniences, $13 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
$25—1056 HOWARD st; largo store; larga
yard; best business block.
HANDSOME large store; very reasonable. 32S
Pacific st.. near Sansome.
STORES WANTED.
WANTED — To rent, first floor factory; with
power preferred: near S. P. R. R, as pos-
siMe. Box 2560. Call.
. PALMISTRY. ~~
M^sT^L^RTD^ET^celebiratad^aTmlsTrHiild^i
specialty. 1010 Larkin: no sign; read, dally.
.. nfr..n nj- *~~ «. . ~~-. ~- -.-¦^.wv^— --~--.~-.~*>, '
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri.. Sun.. S p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. £2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY, 10K Ellis, bet. Franklin anTi
Gough: rhor.e Larkin 3761 — Seances Sun..
Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p. m.; 25c: readings. 10-5
A— PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth et: readings daily.
f.0c and $1: circle every night. 10c.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium,
every day for Fhort stay. 300 Turk st.
EDWARD EARLE. 32$ Ellis; readings dally:
phone Polk 1C01 : siance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, lir.5 McAllister— Mrs. cTT
Meyer: Fittings dally: test to all to-nlyht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
KNOW THY FUTURE -— -
And prospects for 1902 by consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lo\-ers" quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, hew to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or influence any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to .all othprs. Hours. 10 to 7
daily: 10 to !> Sundays. Reception rooms. 13,
14. first floor. 1104 — MARKET ST. — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
; future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic.
; love or business troubles, consult this great me-
j dlum and you will be told hnw to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
j medium, is permanently located at 12O6 Mar-
'; ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
: 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
I anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
i with «pt-cla! terms. Dally and Sunday.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice: no long story:
Jvet what you want to know; consultation on
nil matters: love, marriage, divorce, family
troubles, sickness; we convince all. Parlors
1. 2 and 3. C07 Kearny st.
¦ MME: ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, te'ls past,
f jture; never falls; has the greatest Bsyptlan
Fecret: shows picture future husband or wifp;
fee 25c and un; satisfaction to everybody;
oren Sundays; hours. 10 to R p. m. 215 '^ Cth.
; ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1J4S Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readlners dallv. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — «ecnnd sight:
diagnoses diseases with life readln«r;lartIe«50';,
cents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. 1 50. 120 Turk:
A— MISS M. WILLE. 32GA Ellis: clairvoyant.
rrj'Ftal peer; reads vour Ilf» correctly wlthcit
fl'jes. ; full names: 50c-$l: 10 n. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay: 25c and 5Oc. *234% Sixth st.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells r>i5t. present &
future: L. 25c; O," 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. FiROWK; clairvoyant card render: la-
dles 25c: gents 50c: readinck, dally. 132 Sixth.
BC«\ $1 — Prof. Weller. clalr.. palmist, card rend-
! er: mail orders: stamp, oirctilar. 1057^4 Mkt.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant. wat»r
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. B. B«umann. well-known fortune teller,
has rumored from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
M ME RAVENNA reads life fluentiv; business
advice: names given: 2.V un. fi Fourth rt.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
! ing Works. 353-357 Tehama ft: tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet -beating Works-i-CIeanmg.
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st ;tel.Capp25i2.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter tt. :
tel Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. , E. MITCHELL. . Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency." 6th
floor, 916 Market et. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194 ; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE -W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
, unless successful. Room 310, 327 : Market st
| ¦ ' ¦
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at" short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1OT7. BRADLEY &CO.. B40 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook urd
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 '4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 4'-'(5.
RELIABLE Japannse-Chlnese Employment Of-i
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main SISS,
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnl«h most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.: tel. Bush 510.
ORPKF.UM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
r,pcp h«=ln. 4?fi Pnwpll.nr.Sutter:teI. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT AVA XTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
A first-class meat and pastry cook (colored),
¦with unexcelled references, wants place In ho-
tel or private board ing-house or first-class
private family, city. $40 up.
C. R HANSEN & CO 1C4 Geary st.
j RELIABLE girl, speaks French, wishes to do
cooking and housework: rererences; good
wages, etc. Please call for 3 days at CC1
Pire st. In the rear.
WOMAN wants work, by the day, washing.
Ironing, housecleaning. ?1 and car fare. 4
Elizabeth place, off Folsoai st, between Third
and Fourth, v '
TRUSTWORTHY housekeeper, middle-aged,
for couple or small family; French spoken:
no washing. Write S14A Larkin st.
WANTED — Situation as cook by a responsible
person, willing and obliging; reference. Box
2833, Call office.
PROOFREADER wishes situation; no typeset-
ting; will commence at $12 week. Box 2S43,
Call office. • •
YOXJNG lady would like temporary . work as
office assistant; good penman: good at fig-
ures. Address F. R., 1320 Ellis st
YOUNG woman would like' a position as cham-
bermaid In hotel or rooming house; country
preferred. Address box 2-*>S7, Call office.
WOMAN would like any kind of work from 8
a. m. to 4 p. m. ; this side of the bay. 2022
j Woolsey St., Lorln. Berkeley.
j AN elderly woman wishes a situation In small
I American family. 314 Third Et.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires work by the
! day; also take sewing home. Call at 2 Miles
i court, oft California st., nr. Powell, . and 313
I Sutter: tel. Green 721.
DRESSMAKER from New York: .52 per day
till established; al» work guaranteed; be<?t
city references; rapid; latest designs. 72S
Devlsadero st.
THOROUGHLY competent second girl with
references wants position, city or country;
waees $25 to $30. Address box 2386,. Call
office. Oakland. •
YOUNG lady stenographer with experience. 1
owning machine, desires position; salary
moderate; references. Stenographer, 063
Grove st, Oakland... , . j
EASTERN dressmaker with latest Ideas wants
work in families; will sew for children; $1 50
a day until* advertised. ..: Address MRS. F.,
box 2810. Call .office. - _ "_ — <
YOUNG ladyi French- teacher,, desires position
as visiting governess; experience;' references.
Box 2832, Call..
EXPERIENCED; woman wants place as house-
keeper: clty-'pr country. Cail afternoon or
address M.,E. F.-, 1124 13th ave.. E. Oakland.
WINCHESTER, House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week: convenient and respectable; free
- bus and baggage to and from ferry. • .
CLASSIFIED advertlffments and FU'jFcrlptions
received nt Call, branch offlce.2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office f or'Call advertisements and
subscriptions .has.. been established at lOU'J
Valencia *t_" ¦• -¦ . .
EMPLO YMEyTT3VAXTED--MALE. ~
• MAN and wife an cook and helper in. hotel or
boarding-house; good references.' Apply to J
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st_
GARDENER;; with many years'" experience in
"all its branches in the Eastern States, 2
years in California. ¦ wishes ' position as head
gardener In" a' private place to the 1st of Feb-
ruary. Box. 2212.' Call. ' ,¦ ;,-<..
CARPENTER; rood mechanic. : used to ' mines;
can frame anything; fair millwright; will go
anywhere; expenses paid; wages reasonable.
Box 2878, Call office. .
BUSINESS man, stranger In city, .will take any
position at any salary and work up;. will give
bonds or cash security.. Box 2270, Call.
RELIABLE young man wishes position in city
or country store as clerk and window dresser:
has experience and reference.- Box 2847, Call.
j GLOVES.
! dT&~fTiJLACK. suede glove; b»st In the we. id:
! warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
I ¦ i — —
! HELI 1 WASTED — FEMALE.
! A— MRS ~M~E. DAY & cbTTphone^ Main T 1575
I HOTF.L DEPARTMENT
I Waitress, country, fare paid. $22 50; G wait-
I resses $20 ami $25. city and country; walt-
| ress, $30. city; 3 chambermaids to wait dln-
: ner. $20 ¦
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT
j Houseglrl, 5 In family, $25. San Rafael, see
I lady here: cook. 4 In family. $30: 4 cooks,
I §25 and $.°>0: 0 nousegirls, $15 to $25; 3 sec-
; ond girls. ?20 and i $25: many other choice
places, best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
! 33 Geary st. .
i WANTED — German cook. American family, no
i washing. S!0; 7 second girls. $20. $25; 2
i maids and seamstress. $25; hotel waitresses,
i ?7. $S; 4 cooks. German style, $25. $30;
i woman for country, $20; chamber work, wait
one meal, ?20; nursery governess. $25; 2
: German nursepirls. $20, $25; 40 girls for all
I kinds of housework, city and country. Apply
| to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — GIRLS and WOMEN at S. F.
HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE to learn hair-
dressing trade thoroughly In 2 weeks; course
| §5, Including manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, bleaching, dyeing, ventilating,
. weaving, switch and wig making; positions
guaranteed graduates; no fake promises; our'
pupils our living advertisement, filling posi-
tions all over city; 5 positions leading stores
- open to those entering now; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks, money back: day and eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levf Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory. 32}i Fremont st; no experience
' necessary: good pay. steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
! WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
! housework and children; willing to go across
1 the bay. Call 757 Golden Gate ave.. near
I Franklin.
: WANTED — Girl; light housework: easy place;
I call In the morning. MRS. STERN, 503
{ Lyon st. corner Grove. ¦
GERMAN or Protcntant girl, general house-
work; goo'd cook; four In family; wages *25.
Call" Saturday and Sunday, i^f. Pacific avt.
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a." m.
GIRL- for general housework: small family
good wages. Apply 1527 O'Farrell st. .-
,A GERMAN' woman .as governess; state re-
! ligion; salary $30. Box 2904. Call.
'. GIRL to assist with ligljt housework In small
family; wages $10. 410 Twenty-ninth St.
i EXPERIENCED washer wanted 4 days a
, week; none others' need apply. 205 Ash ave.
| GIRL for/ small family; sleep home preferred.
! - Address bos 28S8. Call office.
' WANTED- German girl for light housework.
; 410 Jones st. ' : ! . . .
i YOUNG woman to assist plain cooking, light
. housework; family of 2 young men; good
j home: wages $15; references. Box 28C2. Call.
NEAT srlrl ¦ for general housework and ccok-
JM ing. $20. Call after 3:30 p. m. at 2814 How-
ard St. . , J^j -
\ NEAT young girl: light second work; wages
j . $15. 703 Broderlck St.. near McAllister. .
! A NEAT girl for second work and ' sewing.
: 11SO CKarrell »t.
i CAL. College ot Halrdresslng and massage: ao-
I knowledged superior to all others; ¦ virls re-
i quested to visit our classrooms and see our
work; our pupils are our living advertise-
ment. Call Supreme Court bldg., 305 LvUln
st. take elevator. , . . . »
COMPETENT girl for general housework; ref-
erences . required. 21U8 Geary st, corner
J Devlsadero. - . ¦
i WANTED — 2 waitresses. Apply 911 Kearny st.
I A GIRL for general work in bakery. 234 Sixth
1 etreet. . ¦ ¦ .; . .- . "...:.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at' 1094
i Valencia st. - ' •'-•-.< .'
HELP WANTED- iHALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men ot good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
J ;" inch: able to speak and read ' English. I For
1 further > Information apply at the Recruiting
I • ornce, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. . ., -¦,-.;.'¦
! WANTED— Bright young man from 17 to 20
(years of age; must be good at tgurei; state
age and salary expected. Box 2S04, Call.
YOUNG roan or boy to learn barber trade.
J 700 Geary st., corner Hyde.
j 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. 1110A
] Folscm st.
! BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop, near city.
I DECKITLMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
S WAXTKD — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
; eltr for Northern California and Southern
j Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
I rltory: state Falary and where employed. Box
I 2270. Call office. 9 | ¦
i WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
| weeks; trol* donated: situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed fr»-e: discount this month.
• Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
i WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
! that Ed Rolkin. Reho House proprietor, still
I runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
I rooms; 25c per nlRht: $1 to $2 per week.
! MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
j ' rr.and; only requires R weeks: tools donated;'
t .catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
| LEGE. C35 Clay st.
! ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
I price. .Ititf Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
! YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
j mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
j McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
! hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
; 600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
'• 60c up; sollnc 20c up. 023 Howard st. nr.Sth
! PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, 3, 40. Phelan
I big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Posi. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
I GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
| to COc. act Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
j WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
I ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
j free ,'hus and hnztraee to nnd from ferry."
j HORSES AND WACOXS.
: A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
1 Market, 327 Sixth st ; also buggies, wagons.
I harness, etc: auction skies every Wednesday
j at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
j FOR sale — At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st, fi
{. cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
i 12C0; fine surrey horses. .
1 CARLOAD heavy wagon horses: also 10 head
j good livery horses. Santa Clara Miik Co..
! 721 Howard st.
! BIG mare. $15: horse. ?20; buggy, $25; single
•coal wagon. $40. 70 City Hall ave.
DRUMMERS' sample cloves for sale 'at
— HEINEMAN'S. 100 Sansome st.
A. BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express, wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, o.heap. 532 Mlfslon.
j HOUSES TO LET.
I A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
| cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I COMFORTABLE 4-room house; rent $12. 209
j Hickory ave. . ¦ . '¦ •
i BROADWAY. 1030. near Laguna — Eight rooms,
i bath: fine marine view; rent $42 50.
i "™— "—"""''——^ — — i^»
HOUSCS FOll SALE.
NEW, modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola. off "Waller.
- bet. .Pierce and Stelner. Inquire Rt Pnrtnla.
HYGIEXIC HAIR TltEAT.MEXT.
LA O1£IS ami gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
ronm 30. 130 Pn*t rt.
I —
I ¦ LOST AND POUND.
I LOST — Wednesday night, gold locket; mono-
• gram H. D. B.; gentleman's picture Inside.
Return to No Percentage Drug Store, M9
Market Bt, and receive reward.
LOST — Brown overcoat. Fillmore St., bet. Clay
rand Washington; pockets contain pair woolen
gloves, pair reindeer gloves; reward. 2503
Cjay. / -
LOST— Small fox. colored dog; answers name
Allle. . Return • to 444 Tehama st. ; ¦ reward.
LOST — Wednesday, Jan. 15, 10O2, about 4 p.m.,
- -on east side along Kearny at, from Hardie
place, to Bush, to Montgomery, to Occidental
Hotel; small roll Of gold notes. Finder liber-
ally-rewarded at L. A. GIACOBBI'S. 21C
. : Kearny st.
LOST — A fox-colored collie dog; white spot
V under neck and black spot on tail. Return
to fire department stable. Tenth and Channel
! sts., and receive reward. .. •
LOST-^Dlamond studded fob, watch attached,
in the : vicinity of • Hotel • Mateo. San - Mateo
Liberal reward on communication to box
¦¦¦' 2837, Call office. — .-
i _ ' — •
FOUND — Small gold watch: engraved M.E. C.
,i J.;W. C. : BEATTIE,/rc4iemlte House.
OLD Schweitzer vionn. i«i», worm »Z3U. omy
$t>0. . Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Pcrt-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
2C-INCH full dress suit case; leather lined, $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 39ft Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13ft Beale nt.
SAFES — New. and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CI.ASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 6 drawers: oak;
complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. KULLARD A RRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
SECOND-HAND gas fixtures and mantels
wanted. Address A. B.. box 2S76, Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205. Call office.
TIT.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth et. ; tel. Jessie 2Sr.t.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress A Tux-
*do suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MONEY TO LOAN.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner big, j
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
f3C0,000 at 5V4 & * Per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
UATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
A*NY AMOUNT AT K PER CENT. ;
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
.R McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GKORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. A Grant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black 5471.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture, jpiano
or household goods, without removal; Confi-
dential. ORMSBY, 26 Montgomery st, op-
poslte Lick House. . x
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary ot; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
- liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stofe. 84tf
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch Iff Third.
LOWEST 'rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room ::. Conservatory bids-.. :?0l Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 61.1.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6.H.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: nnv security. .^02 Montgomery «t. r. '1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on ncte wlth-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval.- Phone Black, 17O!>. Room 81. C Eddy.
$10 ur> un furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St Ann's bldg.. fi Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commis.: confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, lift McAllister st.
IF you want a home I -will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RTTDELL. 222 Sansome at.
ON salaries without Indorser; ether proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan -Co.:- 30» Phelan hl.ia.
MOSEY WAXTEdT
$2000 OR $3000 wanted on second mortgage.
Box 2S50. Call office.
G. L. Neergaard. president St Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 23.'^>.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
1'AIATCRS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; tinting done. Hartmun
Paint Co., 310 Third st ; tel. Red 3."21.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVED — Ladles, don't look old; Dr. N. De
SAVOTSKY of Paris, greatest authority on.
feminine beauty, will, meet you at La Verite
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire anil
preserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of study Is able to give electrical treat-
ment for deep wrinkles that excels anything
ever given in this country; electrolysis with
modern European method clears the face* ot
all blemishes without pain or scar; flesh re-
duced; no dieting: no exercise; phone How-
ard 1S61. 1140 Market st.. opposite Hale's.
ATT elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other sult3 on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et, between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 00 per night; $1 60 to $G per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. XV. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market st, near Sixth.
A— "WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same aa white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A — MAY McMILLI^J has charge of hairdress-
ing department at La Verite Parlors, 1110
Market, opp. Hale's; tel. Folsom 446.
ADOPTION — Fine. healthy baby; married
couple without children preferred; $500 ca3!i
with baby. Box 2810. Call.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancero ts
diseases for $10 apiece at 233 Sixth st, room
11; call after 7 p. m.
MRS. DAVISON. 164G Market St., phone How-
ard 2083. professional chaperon: best of
references.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curloa bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
HAIRDRESSING, any style, 25c; switches
from $1 up; shampooolng. 50c; massaging.SOc;
manicurlng.25c. G. LEDERER.12S Stockton.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. HID Sutter st.
A — IF your hair la falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'FarreU:send for circular.
THE A'VIDA COMPANY permanently cures
stomach trouble. 7C0 Valencia st.. cor. 19tlL
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 437 Minna st.
MAGNETIC massage treatments given to either
sex by strong roan. Box 2216. Call.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. AH druggists.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9CS Sutter;tel. Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. 1002^ Dolores St. "
JEWELRY for sale: diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 12G Kearny st., rm.2!>.
ELECTRIC nredle specialist; superfluous hair
& mr.les destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MAFOUERADE costumes, play books wiss-
conntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cat ccstutr.er. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TATLOR-MADE suits. $7 nO; dress pants. $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN P VINT
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFRFDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
holr to Its natural color: <t: at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The W<4kly Call
IB pagfg. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
_ PHYSICIANS AND~SURGEO"NS.
A— DR. OLIVE GRI7VER.~i ady~ physician" Ind
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to S.
DR- C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at of flee. 115-117 Mason.nr.Ellla.
TLANIXG AND TTJRNI.'VCr MILLgT"
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.-. NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Phila
delphia. 'from 1 Southampton:- * -,- -
HAVANA— Arrived: Jan 17— U "S battleship
Illinois.: -•.¦¦.•:..; . -. . ... •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
.SAN DIEGO— Arrived -Jail '17— Stmr State
Of California, and sailed for San Francisco ¦
¦'¦ PORTLAND— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Columbia
for San - Francisco. >•¦> -i :
• FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmrs Na
tional-City- and : Coquille River, from San
Francisco. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ -'¦ .--¦¦'••• "--¦-.¦
•DOMESTIC PORTS
Friday, January 17/
• Barge 1. Eanta Paula, McGovern, ---- hours
from -.Ventura, ' in j tow.-.tugr • Rescue; up- river
direct. ¦: : " .- ¦ ' "• ¦. ¦ - - ; •¦ ¦• ¦ : -¦
iATE SHDOPFIU'Cr TNTEUjIQBNCJE
ARRIVED.
Fell'Frbrd a^Str.etcar.
Johanna- Fitzgerald, ;82'year*>qt age,'re
ceived a fracture of 'tW'ttTnWy estefday
afternoon, i, . She»-lcll.. from a'.'Guerrero
street car, at Twenty rseccaid^ Btceet. - The
lady was about to. step off the car when
she missed her -s f ootlng-.-and -fell tt> the
street. She was .conveyed ;to an-adjolning
drug store/where' aphyslcian"Vas called
to attend to her injury/: After o the-frac
ture . was reduced she".. wag,. gem to her
home at 935. Guerrerpstreet..,« ¦:--;.. - .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Early Bain Is Probable
No rain fell In California yesterday, but
Forecaster McAdie says that the temper
ature Is falling apd that "showers over
the .northern part of the -State at least
may be expected to-night.- The unusual
high pressure 1 which has obtained In Utah
and Idaho for the last few weeks, caus
ing 1 the long- period of dry _ weather, has
disappeared -and- normal -winter weather
now exists. . - .
• ', - NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Miss E H Elfner. Ash-jl> C Hawes, Seattle
land J £ Smith, Madera-
J R Anderson. Chicago^ C E Green. Bakersfld
G-P'Hoak. Pa F J Edward, Oakland
C C Carlson. NT J Jepsen, Alvarado
E A Buckner. St . Louis', R E Snapp. Alvarado
G D Ward. Chicago P W Lowenberg. Cal
F Martlnes & w. Cal J D Laveson. Vallejo
R A Hardle & w, SeatliP Morasei. Kin? City
F Dawes, Seattle IE T Younar. Paso Rob!
One pulls teeth and the other knocks
them out — that's the "difference between a
dentist and a pugilist. •- >-
CIX5SING QUOTATIONS,
. • .. FRIDAY, Jan. 17— i p. m '
;Bid.Ask. ¦.;.¦*:_/ Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 01 Justice 05 (W
Alta 05 : 07 Kentuck 01 »i_
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash . . 01 —
Belcher ...... 09 10 Mexican .....' 32 33
Best & Belch. 12 13 Occidental ...' 09 ' 10
Bullion- 02 .03 Ophlr 86 87'
Caledonia ... 26 ; 2S Overman 11.-- 12
Challenge Con 12 14 Potosl 18 10
Chollar .., 15. 16 Savage ...... 08 0l>
Confidence ...-¦- 65 68 Scorpion ' — 04
Con Cal & V.I 45 1 5C Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 21 2_
Con New Yk. 01 —.Silver Hill... 44 45
Crown Point.. 08 - 00 St Louis s . . . . 05 —
Eureka Con.. 20-. — Standard 3 40 3 SO
Exchequer ... — - 02 Syndicate ~ 06 -¦ 07
Gould & Cur. 07 »>8 Union Con... 14 IB
Hale"& Norc. "' 38 ¦* 39 Utah '.'.'....:. 05* "07
Julia ........ 03 05 Yellow JarJcet 09 10
Misses-rmnkeriand"Ow6K8*"in--a. -fliiet, Misa
Bessie I»ran. .'Miss >rrrtHm> JlTrTfimas, Miss
Stella- Marinla,. Miss -flopence- -Stfofan, - Miss
Elizabeth Pattlspn,_;J_Us-.Emma:,.R . Owens,
Miss Pattlson, Miss -Burrington,- Edward Barry,
Miss Kate Dunker,' Miss ' Elsie, J. Burrlngton.
Miss Antoinette S. Taylor .'arid- Miss Anna M.
McLea. . . -;:::.- V-^-----* 1 --^- : ' . -
A' very interesting musical recital vt-as
given at, Co^sweirPpiyt.eChfflt.cdllege last
night by the pupils: Those 'who' took part
in the exercises -were: *."„-.:
Musical at '¦¦ Cogs-well; |Cp|lege,
G. Fopptano :to Roea Poppiano, lot on SW
line of 1 Twenty-eighth .avenue, 200-. SE of •. K
street, SE 60 by,SW 200, block 617, "Bay i.Vlew
Railroad Homestead; gift; . , .-.?•.
Joseph Kelly to same, same; $10.
Maggie E. Saunders and as trustee (George
C. Robs), to Howard E.. Fred K. and Cora E.
Saunders, undivided 4-5 of lot on E line of
Bowdoln street. 100. S of Woolsey. S 100 by E
120, lot 7,. block 44, University Homestead; $1.
Jean and Marie Kselosea to Cacllle Kruse,
lot on S corner of Edinburgh and Brazil streets
SW 75 by SE 100, block .40, : Excelsior Home
stead Association; $10. . .. • •-
Margaret Kemp to Fred B. Surryhne, lots ISC
to 100, Cobb Tract; $10.' -
¦ Maclean Hospital ard Sanitarium (corpora
tion) to .St. Elmo Hospital (corporation), lot on
SW corner of, Douglass street and Caselll ave
nue, W 200:8 'by. S 228, excepting lot ' on N
line of Nineteenth street. 151:4,. W of Doug
lass.. W.51:4 t>y Jf 114; $1Q. '• "* UB
Mary Morton (by Joseph- H. Scott, Tax Col
lector) to W. Oliver Scott, lot 1303, Gift Mau
2, tax deed; $20. ¦ '
Charles P. A. Eberhardt to Marie Eber
hardt (single), lot 239. Gift Map 1, ' quitclaim
deed; $5. . • ' .. •
EE AIL ESTATE TRANSACTTOITS.
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 12 100 Ophlr ak
500 Bullion... 03 2OO Potosl . *""* v»
300 Chollar ...... 15 600 Potosl ... is
200 ; Con Cal & V.I 60 100 Sierra Nev" 1 ' ' •>•»
300 Gould & Cur. Qb\ 2C0 Union Con.'.! 16
200 Hale & Norc. 40| • r ;.
200 Best & Belch. 131 300 Ophlr ' ... " si
200 Chollar 15 000 Potosl '.' ij
100 Con Cal & V.I 50 200 Sierra Nev. 21
200 Gould & Cur. -071 500 Sierra Nev.;'- 22
Morning Session.
• The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
300 Best & Belch. 12 100 Hale _ Norc. 4*»
700 Chollar 15 50O Overman . . 11
300 Con Cal & V.I 5V 100 Sierra Nev.. 22
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bullion 0.J GOO Overman ' ' 11
100 Caledonia ; . . . 27 500 Potosl . * * " * 17
400 Chollar ...... 15 two Savage ... . 00
100 Confidence ... 60 200 Sierra Nev 21
100 Gould & Cur. 08 200 Yellow Jacket 09
100 Hale & Norc. 3S 300 Yellow Jacket lo
Morning Session
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: • . - . . • • ¦
MINING STOCKS.
They will be met at the. Third and
Townsend street depot "by : a J reception
committee from the San Francisco Press
Club, which will escort them to the'Palace
Hotel. In the evening the . Press Club
members- will take them through China
town. They will also be taken to the
dome of the Claus Spreckels building.
Sunday the editors will be taken for a
ride round the > city in observation: cars
and Monday they will be taken to ¦ the
summit of Mount Tamalpais, where an
elaborate- luncheon « will be' served. The
party will leave this city for the East on
Monday evening .under' 'i-th, -;car_ .of "Wil
liam McMurray of the Southern 5 Pacific
Company. • .-.-.•.- *»^ .';'!¦•- '•-„',-..-.-.,-.>.(¦ ¦ . .. .
A. party of eighty-seven members of the
Western Canada Press Association will
arrive in this city this afternoon .about* 4
o'clock/They are touring the coast and
are traveling- in" twp private cars. ¦
CAN ABIAN" EDITORS , TO .
ARRIVE HERE TO-DAY
Will Be Hospitably Entertained by
Members of San Francisco
: . ' Press Club.'
Morning Session. •
Board-- . . . : . -'v "¦'¦¦•':',":.¦¦
200 Four '. go
200 Home, b 90 3 75 :
100 Imperial 15 00
60 Junction 20
25 Kern .-.. 5 3714
500 Lion OS
100 Monarch of Arizona. • 19
500 accidental of W Va <>i
967 Reed Crude 39
Street— - - t
40 Kern 5 3714
Afternoon Session.
Board—- ! ¦¦* .
200 Home T. ... 3 70
1000 Lion, a 60 00
1000 Lion- .......-....; „.... * 08
5O. Monte Cristo 1 45
2000 Petroleum Center 05'
500 Petroleum Center," b 90. ; . . . 0C
600 Petroleum Center, b 90 05
20 Reed Crude 33
30 San Joaquin Oil & Dev V 6 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
The following named have been. elected
and Installed as officers of Ivy Lodge.
Knights of Honor, for the present term:
James Lawler. past dictator; John Cronln,
dtctator: Thomas Corbett. vice dictator; Nel
son R.. Morton, assistant dictator; Isaac On
yon reporter; George . C. Berg. . financial re
porter; Charles W. Ives. treasurer; James Han
sen chaplain; Herman Warnholz. guide; Mich
ael' Burns, guardian; Albert Satts. sentinel;
Louis Zelss, James Hansen I and Nelson R.
Morton. : trustees: • ••¦
Knights of Honor.
The following named have been in
stalled as officers of Army ana Navy Par
lar of the Native Sons of the Golden
West:
'% E. D. Crowley. Junior past president : R. J.
Cline. president; Milton A. Nathan, first; J.
Leddfn, second, and Henry Auerbac\ third
vice president ; Phil Baomgartner, marshal ; C.
A Son, trustee, and B. A. Badt, Inside senti
nel.
The treasurer and secretary were con
tinued in office. Upon the conclusion of
the ceremonies, there was presented to
Percy L. Badt,' the retiring past president,
a badge of his rank In the order, after
which the parlor adjourned out of re
spect to the memory of the late Adjutant
General W. H. Seamans.
Army and Navy Parlor.
The following named officers have been
Installed as the officers of the Choppers'
Friendship Club of the "Woodmen of tha
World:
A. E. Sprague, ..president; J. J. Donahue,
vice president; F. K. .Teeter secretary: R. .A.
A. Summers, treasurer; W. D. Ferguson, con
ductor; W. J. Richards, watchman; W. B. Wil
son and R. F. Galvin. trustees, and Dra. Bu
chanan and McLean, physicians. v -.-.?
Choppers' Friendship Club
The f ollowlngr named have been In
stalled to serve as the officers of the Cro
tian Benevolent Society Zvonlmlr No. 61,
N. C. S.: ;.•,;'._ .... .
A. Kosovac. past president; N. MUllJas. pres
ident; M. Yonkea, vice president: A. Kentra.
treasurer; JH. Marinovlch, recording secretary;
F Milaslch, financial secretary; F. Krstely.
financial secretary; P. Ba3sor and Staresinich.
trustees; N. Plllch, A. Radlch and K. Pomel
ser, committee on the sick; Dr. V. G. Vecki.
physician: T. Subura, conductor, and F. Knego.
sergeant-at-arms.
A banquet followed the installation, at
which N. Mllj was the toastmaster. .
Crotian Society.
Misses Agatha Cotter, May Barry, Genevleve
Tobln, Irene Otto, Jennie Healy, Elaine Thomp
son and Messrs. : Frank Murray and Cornelius
Deasy. /
The gold .medal for scholarship was
awarded to Miss Agatha- Cotter. Silver
medals were given to all of. the graduates
for proficiency in Christian doctrine. The
following received diplomas:; '•;¦ .... ' :
Overture. Cathedral Mandolin Club; "Prom
ise of Redemption," double quartet; tableau,'
nativity; "The Word -la Flesh Become.", cho
rus; "The Good. of Yuletlde," • children's play,
tableau; -"Simeon's Prophecy," George Hay
wards; "Rejoice and Be Glad,'.; . Miss Belle
Murphy; "Blessed Be God," Miss S. Cunning
ham, Miss A. Sullivan and chorus; "The De
spair of Santa Glaus," children's play; "King
of ,the Jews," male, chorus; "Herod, Fear,"
Alex McGeorge; "Quest of Magi," male quar
tet; "Prophecy of Mlcheas," male chorus; "Our
Lord I Escaped,"- chorus; tableau, -"Lamenting
Slaughter of the Innocents"; ."Rachel's .La
ment,", chorus; valedictory, Miss Agatha' Cot
ter; tableau, "Christ In the Temple"; "Praise
Ye the Father," closing chorus. . ¦
Following is the programme
The programme was illustrative of. the
more familiar events in the infancy and
early life of our Lord and was beautifully
rendered by young men and ladies of the
school. v . ' " ' . '.¦''"
The graduating exercises of .St. Mary's
Cathedral^" cltiss.' of :.*01, Wefe"beld Thurs
day evening at Golden Gate Hall. .
Participate in Interesting
Programme...
Young Ladies and Men of the Schc-ol
GRADUATING EXERCISES 'H'
OF. ST. .. MARY'S ; CATHEDRAL
J. F. Berger. noble chief; W. C. McCreery.
vice chief; J. W. Gallbralth. high priest; C. H.
Davis, sir herald; X>. X. Hanna. master of rec
ords; F. W. Arnmann. clerk and keeper of the
exchequer; -George W. Bumm. first guards
man; H. 1». Wedel, worthy chamberlain.
The officers of San Francisco Castle of
the Knights of the Golden ' Eagle have
been installed by George A. McGowan as
supreme chief. Alexander H. Dunn as su
preme vice chief. Samuel McCall as su
preme high priest and George B. Hanna
as supreme herald. The officers for tha
present term are:
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The following named will serve Golden
Gate Company No. 3 of the Uniform Rank
.of the Knights of Pythias for the current
term:
J. C. Lohmeyer, captain; G. T. Gromme,
first, and J. H. Keen, second lieutenant; G. F.
Buck, treasurer; N. Rose, secretary. . •
J. A. Fontanel. chancellor commander; Frank
Hanbrldge, vice chancellor; J. H. Nelson, pre
late; Dr. Frederick R. Stokes, master of work;
S. W. Gates, keeper of record and seal: George
Lang, master of finance; Charles Schoenfeld.
master of exchequer; Albert W. Stokes, master
at arms; John J. Larcombe, inner guard; G.
F. Buck, outer guard. .• .-,••:
Deputy Grand Chancellor J. C. Loh
meyer Sr. installed the following officers
of Unity Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
in Pythian Castle fot the current year:
Pythian Lodges.
After the installation there was present
ed by the lodge to Retiring Master Isen
bruck a fine A. O. U. W. charm in appre
ciation of his- services.
District Deputy Grand Master John T.
Kidd, with a full corps of acting grand
officers, installed the following named as
the officers of Franklin Lodge No. 44 of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen: •
R. E. A. Isenbruck. past master workman;
John T. McMillan, master workman; F. J.
Smith, foreman; William Jennings, overseer;
John Bovey, recorder; John P. Dwyer, finan
cier: Joseph Nordman, receiver; Otto Klumpp.
guide; R. Murphy, .inside, and M. G. Shove,
outside watchman; Frank Wlnterburn, trustee.
Franklin Lodge, A. O. 'XT. W.
10 Oceanic S S Co 30 75
50 Oceanic S S Co 39 50
$30 °° S 5 V tre 4 !t-"- -•• 102 75
$1000 Northern Ry of- Cal 5s r ...,..121 75
.50 S F. Gaa & Electric Co 40 75
20 Oceanic S S Co
Do lcm Ss.101. 103 (1905)Sr B.108%10096
Mkt-st C 6s.l25%125% (190C) ....111 —
Do lcm 5s, 121% 122 (1912) .... — 121
N R Cal 6s. 109% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 121% — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Pac C 5s. 106% — S P BrCal6s.l36% —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V wat 6s. 112 —
Oak Gas 5s. 113% — Do 4s -"<".'.: 102 %103"
Oak Trns 6s. 121% — Do 4s 3dm. 101% — "
Do 1st c58.110 110(4 Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Oak W g 5s. — 102%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 75 IPort Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co ... 59 — Isprlng Val.. 85 85%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — 52H
Eqt G I* Co. — 3% Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 5 S F G & E. . 40% —
O'G L & H. 51 — San Fran 5% —
Pac Gas Imp 35 39 Stktn G & E 8 —
. . INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.245 275 /
BANKS. __
Anglo-Cal '.. 80 82 IL. P & A. ...166%169 .
California ..416 — |Mer Ex (llq) 1S% —
Cal Safe Dp.ll2^i — »S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl..325 350 | « .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German :.•.. 1925 2000 ,,Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — . -'. Security Sav305 -350
Mutual Sav. 66 — [Union Trust. — 2475
S F Sav U..512% — |
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..167% — Market ..... 91 93
Geary- ...... 60 Presidio .... 37% —
. . . \OWDER.
Giant........ 73% 79%fVigorit .....— 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 2% 4 IKllauea 9% —
Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell ... — 26%
Honokaa ... 10% 11% lOnomea 2314 24%
Jlutchlnson . 14 14%|Paauhau ... 10% 11
- : MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alask Pack. — 170 Pac A F A. 2% 3VI
Cal Fruit Am — 97. Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine As 95% — Par Paint. . . 15 —
Oceanic S Co 39% 45 .
' _ Morning Session. ;.:
Boards— ' . "•
$5000 Market St Ry 1st Con 5s.... .....121 75
$3000 Market Street Cable 6s.... ...... 125 50
• • -5 Onomea Sugar Co.....-.' 23-50
$1000 S Pot C 6s (1905, Series A). 108 25
Street— •
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s .....121 75 :
20 Hutchinson S P Co 14 37%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Cal Wine Association 96 00
120 Giant Powder. Con... .....; 79 00
20 Giant Powder Con..... 79 23
2 Giant Powder Con , 78 00
: 15 Giant Powder Con, s 90 79 00
130 Hutchinson S P. Co. ..:..« 14 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s ...119 75
S1000 Oakland Water 6a.. .....102 50
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds ..101 00
• 20 Oceanic S S Co 40 50
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Continued from Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
¦Upon the close of the review the mem
bers and visitors, Including Lady Sorensen
of Santa Ana Hive and Lady Keif er of
Los Angeles Hive, went to a cafe, where
a collation was served,.
W Helen K. Arnold, lady commander; Cora De
lano, lieutenant 'commander; Margaret Ander
son, sergeant; Mrs. M. Herring, chaplain; Mrs.
J. Scott, mistress at arms. The other officers
elected not being present their Installation' was
dererred.
The following named have been in
stalled by Lady' Robinson as the officers
for the- current term of California Hlv«
No. 29 of the Ladies of the Maccabees:
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Savings banks: ...Resources — Bank premises,
$1,733,223 SO^otben.realT estate, $5,525.145 21;
stocks and bonds, '$60,939,443 65;loana on real
estate, $63,550,516 93; loans on stocks, bonds
and warrants,- $5,111,289.20; money. on hand,
$3,849.478 50; due -from banks- and bankers,
$2,462,637 31; other assets, $353,262 09; total re
sources, $143,524,996 39.. Liabilities — Capital
paid in coin, $4,050,000 00; reserve-fund and
profit and loss, $5,835,358 02; due ..depositors,
$133,430,482 77; other - liabilities. $209,155 60;
total liabilities, $143,524.996 39. -.-...
Liabilities— Capital paid - In ' - coin, : $9,267,
962 54;. reserve fund and profit ~and-ioss, $14,
432,078 72 ; due depositors, ' $55,545,847 72; due
banks and bankers, $8,130, 4l4'36"; "other liabili
ties, $2,809,763 39; ¦ total liabUlt}es, . $90,185,
76673. • ' ¦¦' ,i ,..* <- ••; *, ••-.
The report, of the Board' of : Bank Com
missioners on the financial condition of
the seventeen commercial State and the
nine savings banks of 'Sari Francisco -at
the beginning of the current 'year shows
that without., exception -they are: extreme
ly - prosperous. : The gain - in' deposits In
the. commercial banks during the year
was $9,274,810 52, in the ¦ savings banks
$8,850,047 96. ¦ s : ". .-> ...: .«.-.. ¦ .-,-¦'.•'-.¦•? ! \
The statements.. Of. resources and liabil
ities are "as follows?:--:'--/ -<--.*<?•- '. . '
Commercial State banks: .B,esqucces — Bank
premises, " . $2,126,229 37; ... other " real estate;
$2,606,240 32 ; United '¦ States'-bonds, '. miscellane
ous-stocks ¦and-::boncls- : 'antf:/county;: warrants,
$6,690.196 83; loans^on real ->• estate, $4,023,
116 79; loans on stocks, bonds and warrants,
$17,465,807 43; loans on' other, securities, $6,265,
653 98 ; loans on • personal ¦ eeeurityv including
overdrafts, $19,661,569 48; 7, money , on hand,
$11,993,761 40;'. due from banks'- and bankers,
$18, 482, 562 91 ; other assets, $S70, 628 22 ; total
resources. $90,185,766 73. - ¦ •_ ¦¦-.;.¦ :
Commissioners Shows Large In
crease,in Deposits; "
Annual Report of the State Board of
CITY'S BANKS IN VERY
PROSPEROUS CONDITION
After the installation there were short
addresses by the installing officers and
members, after which all enjoyed the
court's hospitality at a collation. A num
ber remained to enjoy a game of-pro
gressive whist- ... .••:.,.
Thomas Williams, court deputy high chief
ranger; Drs. Allen and Gale, court physicians;
C. Swantfelt. past chief ranger; li. C. Parr,
chief ranger; .George C. Xoll. recording, and
C. Stillman, financial secretary; J. B. Knudson,
treasurer; F. Van Tasael. * orator; Charles
Payne, senior, and D. Stossky, Junior wood
ward; A. W.- Dunn, senior, and B. O. Mler,
junior beadle.
The following < officers of Court Diana
No. 1133 of the Independent Order of For
esters were installed by the San Francis
co board of deputies in the presence of a
number of prominent members of the
order: .. • . . •
Court Diana, I. O. F.
• Robinson was taken to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital, where he " died a
few minutes after having been placed on
the operating table. He ; was 60 years
old and unmarried. , .
Robinson went out on strike May 20 and
was out of work since that time until last
Thursday, when he .worked one day as a
blacksmith's helper. He returned to his
room in a very despondent mood. .Yes
terday morning Mrs. Fallon, his landlady,
saw him lying on the floor near a win
dow and in a*pool of blood.
Charles Robinson, a. blacksmith, who
has resided, at 3 Minna street for the
past fifteen years, committed suicide yes
terday by , cutting .: his throat and the
art'eries of his arms with a razor. . '
but One Day Since Going. Out
on Strike.
Becomes Despondent, Having Worked
BLACKSMITH, ROBINSON
¦ENDS LIFE ; WITH A RAZOR
The reports read showed a decided gain
for the term, and the lodge was highly
complimented by the installing officer.
After the close of the business there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where, after enjoying the lodge's hospi
tality, there were short addresses by the
grand officers and a number of visitors.
Frederick Melnhold. noble srand; Charles
W. Corbaley, vice grand; T. C. Leary. secre
tary; H. F. Rahlman, treasurer; John Rose,
warden; S. N. McDonald, conductor; P. Cuble.
outside, and John Barralle, inside guard; C.
H. Derosier. right, and W. J. B. Warner, left
supporter to the noble srand; J. Habacher,
right, and B. J. de Wall, left supporter to- the
vice grand; C. F. Klspert, right, and E. B.
Noble, left scene supporter; J. S. Bally, chap
lain. . - . . . -.,
The officers of Spartan Lodge of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows were In
stalled in the South San Francisco Ma
sonic building by Frank E. Smith. D. D.
G. M. of District 68, assisted by W. T.
Webb as grand warden, N. M. Petersen
as grand secretary. S. M. McDonald as
grand treasurer and Alexander Hay as
grand marshal. The new officers are:
Most of the changes made so far in the
count are due to faulty marking and care
lessness in stamping' the ballots.
John Coghlan, who next* to Walsh , re
ceived the greatest number of votes , of
the. Union Labor party candidates, is
showing- up favorably, in the recount.
Since * the contest, commenced he* has
gained seventy-five votes on Fred Eggers,
reducing Eggers' lead from : 200 to v 125
votes. " •: • . . '' ¦-." ¦" . -,.;.- ¦. •.• "
As a result of the recount of the ballots
cast at the last election < inaugurated by
the candidates defeated for the office of
Supervisor Edward v I.-" Walsh;-. who*: ran
for Supervisor, as a candidate of ,the
Union Labor party, is now. three votes
ahead of George Alpers, who, because he
was accredited -with Sfty-four more votes
than Walsh, was declared elected. Alpers
received the least number'of votes of any
of the successful candidates, . and as
Walsh received the greatest number of
votes of any of the defeated candidates
the contest has narrowed .to .-a struggle
between. these, two, though the results of
the recount have shown that the seats of
a number of other successful candidates
are- in jeopardy.-. ¦¦< - i v ¦ •. . ! ; - " '
Up to date 'the ballots of seventeen of
the 303 precincts ' have been counted. -In
each of the precincts Alpers has suffered
a loss, and Thursday evening .when the
clerks completed their labors in Judge
Murasky's court his lead of fifty-four
votes had been reduced to three. At noon
yesterday the recount, showed that. Walsh
had overtaken him, and at-:6*pi jn. yes
terday the figures showed that the candi-!
date whose defeat was announced -at the
termination of the official count was threo
votes, ahead.- The third,': fourth and fifth
precincts of the Forty-fourth district were
counted . yesterday and - Walsh ' . made a
gain in each of thern,./"' ->¦• . ' . .
Figures Favorable to
Contestants.-
Seventeen Precincts Yield
Members Show Appreciation
of Good Work Done
by Officers.
W-aish.No.w^adig^Llpiers
/by Three -and
Gains.
Installations in Several
Local Fraternal
Bodies.
RECOUNT MAKES
MANY CHANGES
READY FOR NEW
TERM'S LABORS
The Judge said if the matter had been
practically, before, him he would have dis
missed the case on the evidence and Cap
tain Seymour released the two men.
W. H. White, who is also an employe
of the Market-street* Company, testified
before the Judge that he met Holmes on
Washington street, near Lyon.- Holmes
said ,he had been robbed- and pointed to
Dolan and Porter as the robbers. They
were standing: some yards away. . He and
Holmes met the officers, later and Holmes
told the same story to them. Dolan and
Porter were then arrested. Policeman
Byrne testified that Holmes was very
drunk at the time. Holmes. could not pos
itively identify either of the two men,
although he thought Porter was one of
them. He admitted that his eyesight was
bad. Byrne was recalled at j Porter's re
quest and said that Holmes had pointed
out Dolan as one of the men at the O'Far
rell-street station. It was also stated that
Holmes a few nights ago* had accused a
reporter of robbing, him. The reporter
had saved him from being robbed while
drunk by three. Chinatown "bums."
Albert "W. Porter, arid i James M. Dolan,,
gripmen employed by , the Market-street
Railroad \ Company, were arrested . at an
early hour yesterday morning by Police
men Collins and Byrne at California street
and Central avenue on the complaint of
Raymond Holmes, .419 Locust. street, who
claimed that- they had robbed him of his
watch and Ichain and pocketbook. The
men were in uniform and were on their
way home from" work at the tlme'of their
arrest. ; They, both strenuously denied the
accusation and Captain Seymour refused
to charge ! them till the matter had been
investigated by Judge Cabanlss. . v
Street, Near' Eyon
Holding Him v T7p: on Washington
EXONERATES -GRIPMEN
4 V ON A ROBBERY CHARGE
Raymond Holmes Accuses Them of
THE SAN FRAlSCioiJO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 1 8, 19Q.2.
If a girl . Is 'silly., and . has lota: of. money
she is caUea vivacious, ,
13
HENRY tL GALLAGHER CO.
- : (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
-DANIEl* P. DONOVAN. Mgr. : • - ¦ r
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
1 20 Fifth" st. ,1 opposite Lincoln School.
: ,.•.. Telephone South -80.- •¦ ¦ '-
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
BAN BRUNO .HILLS. .. '
OFFICE, 916 MARKET STREET.
¦ J. HENDERSON. Manager.
- JAMBS McGINN, .;•
Formerly With McGinn Bros., has- opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676. ,-.
NEW FIRM OF UNDBBTAkBHsT"
l Samuel McFadden,- 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'- Association; M/> J.
McBrearty, with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. 0"Con-; :
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street/between Seventh'
and'KiKhth. Telephone South 44. -•••¦/
REMOVED! I
¦_.':'v yvieGirv^ EJKOS-, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and • EMBALM- I
ERS. to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For- 1
merly of ¦«¦!- Eddy et.- ¦•Tel/ South ¦_82.)--'v|
Jtfiahahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL. DESIGNS
Price t (Reasonable.',
107 POWELL ;ST.Nou»ELLiS S50S6
£tI^I__J2f : TA'rE CITV »fPfV WAIr~i. I
TINE PliOSPECTiVE BCVt; KOrTt?ALK B/ j
THOMAS MAGEE & SOlsS, . r > Montgomery s;. j
S3ZJ0QQ — Polk st. : ihree-ttory builainK of .1 •.
ctorcs: rents ever $2«o a mo.: lot almost <'O ft. |
iront; buiidinit recently <jomDlctely renovated, j
fil'.COO — Corner iaoirv' Market St.; almost I'i5
It. <.f frcntuce; _T&nu buy tor near lutur?: j
f'4'.;al to any Market-ct. corner; rents now over 1
fiOT. a mo.; 4 bice*, aiready on the lot. j
£30,000 — Third-st. buy; block _nd half from
XIarke«; 3-story bids, (brick): rents SfiSO a mo.
SSO.fiOO— McA'llister-st. i-cmor in WeUem
.¦-Iditicn; 137 :<« ft. frontage; fine 3-story lrame
Mdgr. : rents over ?-00 a mo.
if23.OC0— Polk St.; in best locality; lot :>3 b*'
iT:t5; _ stores r.nd 2 flats; rents JlSi SO a mo.
J25.000 — Golden Gate ave.. close to town,
virh two houses; needs new buildlnc and 1
would pay well: present rents $100 a mo. j
$_5,0<i0— Ma«"i ft., near Geary; brick build-
ing worth $1-j a mo., on _5-ft. lot; splendid
Luy.
S23.000 — Jones-Ft. corner; &5 ft. on Jones St.;
with frame houses; rents over $125 a mo.; paya
well even with present improvements, but with
new building would pay better;' town moving
out that direction. I
$20.500— Golden Gate ave.; 42 by 137:0, with |
fair bulldincs; close to town; rents now $115
a *~o. I
$20,000 — Polk et.: no-ft. front, with tood 3- j
BtOiT brick bide., with store below; rents S104
_ mo. I
$20,000 — Fourth Ft.; 50-ft. front, with two
stores below and 4 flats above; rents $140
a mo.
$17.500 — Drumm-st. corner. 1^4 blocks from
Market; needs new bldg.: very desirable cor-
ner for wholesale business.
$17,000— Po!k-st. corner, with 3-story bldg.;
always rented.
$10,500 — Geary et.. close to town; 27 ft.
front, with 3-story house; rents $95 a mo.
$14.000 — Gear <¦' -«t.. next to above, with two
houses; rents $75. Both of the above make a
remarkably fine buy for the present and for
future increase in value and also increase. In
rents when the locality demands it. Geary el.
is" rapidly movinff toward this locality.
?15.000 — Mission St., opposite new Postoffiee,
when travel will be very larjre: 35-ft. front,
with two houses brinjtinK in $01 00 a mo. now;
addition to this house will increase the rents
materially.
A SNAP — Cottape. 4 rooms. $1050: terms same
as paying rent. Southeast corner Alabama
and Montcalm Pts.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; modern improvements;
easy terms. Etoneman St., near Folsom.
HEAL ESTATE — COUXTHV— F05 Sale
—FOR eT_7e~NEAr"6AN~FRANCISCO
email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl Soioma Co.: future value assured, as
San Francisco is prowing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California Et., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR sale — SO-acre stock ranch 2 miles from :
Fresno; all fenced, stocked and running now;
write for particulars. W. A. WHITE,
Fresno. Cal.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. TTINFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKE-ET REAL ESTATE.
$600— $50 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5
rooms; lot 50x130; fine well and tank,
chicken-house: 2 blocks to cars. W. C.
VIORAN & CO.
£300 — $200 CASH, balance $15 per month; lot
50x100- chicken-house, large barn, flogmill
and tank; 7-room house. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$1000— $200 CASH, balance $15 per month; 5
roo~is; windmill and tank; fine corner lot;
only 1 block to Ashby station. W. C.
MORAN & CO. ¦
$990 — LOT 55x100, in the Hlllegas tract; street
work all done; must sell this -reek; cheap at
$1200. TV. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin station,
and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
$3750 — A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
just being finished; lot 50x156; only 5 min-
utes' walk to the university; In the very
best part of Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCTTVAXE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparelleied opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins at.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; Etable, chicken-house, pig-
con cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from 6. F.; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R- FREUD. Mills baildlne.
or H. A. PLEITXER, Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$1000— BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage,
with porcelain -ink an_ hot- water boiler;
runny Fide, dose to San Pablo ave.; street
work all done, Including Etone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
Bale box 2378. Call office. Oakland.
OAKXAAD COTTAGES TO -LET.
EUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and Ehadn trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth ets.. come with 1 block. Call or
addreCT 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FCHMSHED ROO3IS.
FITRNISHED complete for light housekeeping
with gas, bath, heating aad cooking etoves;
large sur.r.y rooms, eingle or en suite; rent
reasonable. Call Fifth Avenue House, Fifth
ave. and Eighteenth gt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXITCRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISG. '
BRTAICT. 1101, cor. Ninth— 2 or 3 front rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
FIFTH 353 — Furnished housekeeping. 2 beds,
double parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; Eingle. $4.
GROVE, 429A — 2 unfurnished rooms; suitable
for housekeeping:: $5.
HOWARD 1063 — 2 Funny connecting complete,
ly ftirn. .bay-window rms. ; range, elec. lights,
SleALLISTER, 907 — Very lar(— s nicely furnished
front room; e«* ctove; German family; $T.
MINNA, 28 — Nice Bunny furnished front house-
keeping and single rooms; cheap.
NICE sunny rooms furnished complete foi
ho-js«_eepin*, £2 and $2 50 per week. Apply
Bhoestore, 063 Mission st.
OAK, 113 — Large eunny parlors, furnished
housekeeping ;range; gas; $15 50;others cheap.
SEVENTH, 28 — Sunny furnished rooms foi
housekeeping, $8, $10, $14; also others.
SILVER, 165, near Fourth — 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap.
VALENCIA, 128 — 3 furnished sunny rooms; al-
cove and kitchen; adults; references; large
porch.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn,
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; grill attached; Sffire day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
BtrRICETT. 1_26 Market <old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY, 1243— A light front room, furnished, ffi
per month. ¦
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIB. 321 (Mozai 0— Nicely furnished rooms|
35c. $1 60 night: $1 50. $6 wk.; open -11 night.
ELLIS. 606 — Nice sunny suite of rooms; flre-
plac« In both rooms.
ELUS, 685, corner Larkin — Bay-window; al-
cove; closet and mantel; light housekeeping.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant mites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King/ Turk &. Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
cd suites and Eingle; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1012. near Ven Ness ave— 1 nicely fur-
nlEhed room; use of kitchen and telephone.
GOUGH, 70C — 2 large unfurnished sunny rooms;
water; stove, gas; use of bath; no ohildr^n.
G^. AN 7? _Otl_*US__* Hotel. 7th and Miiwion^
Family house; those requiring a qulPt. orderly
home at moderate charr.es; suit, sincl*-: *ieva'.
KEARNY 34. and 47 Pon— oTficp or sunny
.urnisneq rooms, en tuite or s!r-sl».
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front room. »in?le^*noa»-
ly furnished; suitable for gentlpman; 'f5. ?
MARTINET. 1101 Gcarj— lland£^m« hult^
private baths: newly furr.ishe'j t-inz'.f. r.*oms.
NEW ARLINGTON. IOITj Market— Nicelv fur-
nished roo-t; ?2 » tveek up; ::.- o _ day -up.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny lurnUhed rooms and
efficee; elevatpr; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
M005IS TO LET — Fnrn. and Pnfurn.
FOLK 1002— Furnished flp.ts. suites and single
rooms, cheap .-.r.d clean, at the Ivanhoe.
lloyXU House. l2« KUis— Incandescent light
rcadics-rocm. fmoklng-room anJ laUlos par-
lcr: ir.oir.s. per nl.*tot. :?5c to $1.30; -week. $2
ir> $S: ir,onth. $S to $30; elevator >u ground
floor ; rooms with hot and cold water; tia^hs.
SEVENTH, ITS— Sir.all furnished front room,
f 3 per month. . - ¦ '-'
SHERMAN Apartment House.- 2S E , ig * t '- **£
r-.ear Market — Furnished or unfurnished. ¦ .--.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk et.
a BRANCH nffic* lor Call advertisements and
mbscriptions has teen established at 109(1
Valfrola «t. __^^___
ROOMS ASti BOARD.
BERTlTnG. T3G Bush— Elegant gunny suits;
aleo Eingle rooms; billiards for amusement
of guests; superior table: terms reasonable.
HOTEL. Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished; gocd table; In warm belt of Lie
Mission. 1070 Valencia et.
HOTEL. Dennistcn. cor. Valencia and 21st &ts.
—In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
ROOM and board for one or two gentlemen;
new flat: excellent service; modern improve-
ments; electric lights, etc.. 845 Hyde st: , ...
THE Irvingdale. (326 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. ?C0; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table. .
SUNNY room and board for two gentlemen or
couple; upper flat: first-class table. 719 Tay-
lor st..' near Sutter. ' '__ I
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; -terms reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny single suite;
excellent board: private. 1048 Ellis st. «-¦¦.
HOTEL Repeller. 7S1 Sutter — Newly furnished;,
excellent table; special' rate's to tourists.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN XESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart-';
ments; conv. : 2 to 5 gents; best table. board.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED — An unfurnished alcove room; sunny.
side of street; state price. Box 2877, Call.
RUPTURE SAMTARIUM. -. ,
, RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market st.,
and get cured; treatment free. : :
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Girls* Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives Notice that the .following . orphan and
half-orphan girls and., boys- have -been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901, to
| January 1, 1902: Edna Dussure. 1 year 6
I months; Gertrude Westphlel* 6. years 6
: months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;'
I Bessie Irwln, 2 years 3 months ; Charles Kat-
to. 4 years 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres. 3 years 6 months? Pauline
Hoxall. 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-'
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann,. 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann,. 13 years;. Will
Hilltin, 3 years 10 months; George Hilltln,
2 years; Alice Murry. 6 years 5 months; Ger-
tie Murry. 3 years; Robert Murry. 2 years;
Annie Moldo 5 years ¦ 1 month ; Edmund
Munny. 6 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months; Thomas Donn,
5 years 2 months ; Albena Gazano, 8 years a
months; Bernard Rose, 4 years 7 months;
Mary Vogelsange, 8 years; Ruble Denny.-lO
years; Florence Wall. 3 years; Mary Green.
6 years; Evalyn Segers,- 2 years; Mary
Weisen, 7 years R months ; Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11' months;
Charles Buckbee, 5 years; Isabella Maguire,
10 years; Benjamin Pacilla, 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pacilla. 3 years 7 months;
Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith, 8
years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith. 4
years. • - r-;v
THE Pacific Hebrew' Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1, 1901, to January 1, 1902, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls: Isidor Cohen, lS:jrrs. 4 mos. ; Flora
Markowitx, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Hannah Feingold,
8 yrs. 2 mos. ; Henry Feingold. 5 yrs. 6 moB. ;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 nios.: Alma. Wolff,
7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner. 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 6 yrs.- 5 mos. ; Sam Shaphran,
8 yrs. 11 mos. ; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo: ;
Frank Shaphran, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Samuel Pud-
lin, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlln, 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, S yrs. 11 mos.; Clarence
Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Louis Friedman, 9 yrs.
2 mos.; Henry Friedman. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Ros-
en thai, & yrs. 4 mos. ; Florence Rosenthal, ¦ 4
yrs.; Ruben Vldaver. 12 • yrs. ; Matthias Yi-
daver, 10 jts. 9 mos.: Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7 mos.; Mamie , Levy, .8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrsr 3~mos. .••» ,
THE secretary erf the San FranCIscd .Protestant"
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half -orphan
girls and boys have been- admitted i to the
asylum — on Haight st. — from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902' Doris B. Whltehora, 2 yrs.
6 mos. ; Tessie V. Buyck, 9 yrs. 10 mos. ; Lena
Schmidt, 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Lena M. Hamberger,
6 yrs.; Harry Klang. 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehorn, 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; Herbert . O.
Seemann. 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Percy W. Stapleton.
8 yrs. 10 mos. ; Harry Hamberger, 4 yrs. 8
. mos. ; James A. ¦ Ferguson, 8 yrs. & mos. ;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos. ; Rudolph Bohde,
8 yre.; William Hill. 8 yrs. 4 mos.; William
Randolph. 7 yrs. 5 mos. ; Herbert W. Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvig, .10 yra. S mos.
THE following half-orphans have been received
In the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
since last publication: Violet Lumberge. 4
years of age: Marion Williams, 2 years of
age; Robert D. Mackay, 5 years of age.'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWIXG aiACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ;' re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45?- 145 6th.
STAMMERING AND STUTTERING.
STAMMERING or stuttering ¦ corrected at
school, 1538 Market; no failures; positive re-
sults. Why continue these agonizing afflic-
tions when relief is at your door? Call or
send for circular. . . .
storage: axd warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell 8ts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
. PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore Et. ; phone Jackson 281.
; BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission etT;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IX T^PEWRITERS^T\"e
fell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. Tiie Typewriter
. Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main- 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
WANTED— Second-hand Remington or Dins-
more; cheap for cash. Box 2821. Call office.
TVTAKBIAGE XICEKSES. : 1
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ¦-••¦•. .-..-
Charles P. Coles, 28. Occidental Hotel, and
Angela Rodrigrue, 29. 1S06A O'Farrell street.
John A. Shields, 32. Michigan Bluff, and
Mae K. Doolev. 25. Michigan Bluff.
George E. Kriief, 39, 3100 Buchanan street,
, and Adele Helms, 28, 1214 Potrero avenue.
Morsellus A. Moore, 41, city, and Alice El-
¦ liott. 40, city. .
Harry R. Byers, 23. 7S3 Mission street, and
Emma G. Cureton. 23, 1015 Market street.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
; sons authorized to have the same published. •
BORN.
PETERSON — In this city, December 26, 1901,-
to the wife of Captain C. : G. F. Peterson,
a son. ¦ . -¦ ' ; . •. -
VINING — BOYLE— In this city, January "16,
1802, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Frank Louis Vlnlng and Irine Naomi Boyle,
both of San Francisco. . .
~ died; . • : .
Alsenz, Marie B. Lydlksen, Anna-E. -¦'
Baldwin. Barry Jr. McAvoy, ¦ Mary E.
Barclay, Edwin C. McKenna, .Frank
Brown. Mrs. Mary . Mallon, Rosanna S.
Hrowne. Lucy Milne. Mrs. Lillie C.
Carlson, Clarence A. Moore, Thomas. B..-
1 Connors, John O'Dbnnell,' Charles .
Cooke, Anne . . O'Leary. Frances A-
<>?i>e. Martha A. Quill, Timothy ¦¦
Detjenst Mary F.. Redmond,- Kathryn
| Dougherty, James Redmond, Mary.
<;olly, Leon - ¦ — •-• fichrnidt. Joseph
j Gramlich, Jeannetta Stlllwell, Mrs. Annie
Grof.e, Martha E. Thornagle, Agnes .
I Hill, Jcshie Thourds. John A. . t
; Jolnet, Alexander F. Unser, Henry
Jones, Mrs. Isadora Volz, Augusta M.
.Touventlne, Mrs. .F Watson/ Richard J.
Keneflck. Julia A. Wenzel, May A. . -
Knudscn, Nancj' M. Wiley, Francis A.-
Leddin, James Yung. Roalna
; XLSEXZ — In this- .city, January 1C, 1902,
) Marie B.; beloved wife of the late Jacob
i Alsecz, and mother of Mrs". Anton' Klllah
andMr«. M. II.v Girardln. a native- of Ger-
many, ased 70 years 0 months and .22 days.
|C?*FrlendR' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S20A Bush street, between Octavla
and Lacuna. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery- ¦ - - ;• ; ¦
BALDWIN — In ' this : city, January 16, ..1902,
-.Barry Baldwin Jr., beloved husband of. Marie
V. - Baldwin, and father, of Marie and John
Baldwin, a native of Ban Francisco, \ aged 25
years. . .....-.-. -¦¦--¦ ; " . .-¦'... . '.
H_7"Funeral and interment private. . s '.
BARCLAY— In vthis city, January 16, .1002,
Edwin C. Barclay, dearly beloved husband
of Christina Barclay, and beloved 'father of
Helena Rose and Edwin , H. . Barclay, a na-
tive of England, aged 48 years and 18 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances Are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at" 2 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 940 Folsom street, . between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, January 17, 1902, Mrs.
M_ry Brown, beloved wife of Peter Brown,
mother of Mrs. J. G: Brower and Mrs. Ar-
thur de Rutte, Bister of Mrs. Bridget Dunn,
and aunt of Mrs. Paul Mortlson and. Mrs
Charles Dugan, a native of Ireland, aged 66
years.- - ¦ ' ':
BROWNE — In this city, January 16, 1902,
Lucy Browne, beloved aunt of Mrs- Mary
Browne, Mrs. B. Smith, Mrs. -E. Whaley and
Morris Hart, a native of Cove, County Cork,
Ireland, a&ed 9C years. ¦
E?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), nt 1:15 o'clock, from the-, res! -
• dence of her aunt, ¦ Mrs. Mary Browne, <
Elizabeth street, between* Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth, thence to St. James 'Church
for services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . •-...••
CARLSON— In Mariehamn, Finland, Novem-
ber 28,- 1901. Clarence A. W. Carlson, dearly
beloved son of John A. W. and. Marie " V.
Carlson, a native of Golden Gate, Cal., aged
0 years 11 months and 8 days. ' -, .
CONNORS — In this city, January 17, 1902,
John Connors, a native of Ireland, aged 53
years. , .
COOKE— In this city, January 16, 1902, Anne,
beloved wife of the late Matthew. Cooke, and
mother of Robert J. and William A. Cobke
and Mrs. L. A. Gould, a native of Ireland,
aged 68 years. 2 months and 21 days. .
• ; ; CTFuneral and . interment . at Sacramento
Saturday, January IS. • .• ¦¦ •
COPE— In this city, January 16, 1902,, Martha
Ann. wife of W. W. Cope, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 77 years 3 months- and 16 days.
(Louisville and Shelbyville, Ky., papers
please copy.) . . . ¦ '
lE~The funeral will be' held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at her late residence,
3017 Washington street. Interment private.
Please omit, flowers. • ¦¦ ¦ . • - •'¦
DETJENS— Iri" Pleasanton, January 16, 1902,
Mary F. Detjens, beloved wife of Herman
Detjens, and mother of Mrs. C. U • Crellln,
Mrs, C. S. Graham and George W. Detjens,
aged 65 years 2 months and 12 days. >.
ETFuneral will be held from.her late resi-
dence in Pleasanton, Saturday, January 18,
at 2 o'clock. • Interment ¦ private. * : •
DOUGHERTY — In this city, January 17, 1902,
James Dougherty, beloved brother of Mrs.
Annie Welch, brother-in-law of Cornelius
Welch, >'; and dearly beloved uncle ' of Mamie
A.. -James" A.. "U'lllie,' Hannah C. and George
J. We!ch, a native of Ireland, aged- 54 years
2 months and 10 days. ¦ ¦
GOLLY— In Baden.. Austria, November 20,
1901, Leon Golly, beloved brother of Am-
broise, Joseph and August Golly, a native of
Alsace, aged 50 years 7 months. and 11 days.
' C_fFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
I January 19, 1902, at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
i Temple, corner Twelfth and Washington
i streets. Oakland. Services under the aus-
! pices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and A. M.
i Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GRAMLICH — In this city, January 17, 1902,
Jeannetta, dearly beloved wife of Sebastian
Gramlich, and devoted mother of Hermann
I Gramlich and Mrs. D. P. McCamish, a na-
tive of Bayern, Germany, aged 46 years and
5 months. • ¦ f -
E_~Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Oak Grove avenue, between Fiftu
and Sixth, Harrison and Bryant streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GROSS — In this city, f January 17, 1902, Mar-
tha E., beloved wife of Fred W. Gross, and
mother of Willie, Fred and Charlie Gross, a,
native of Germany, aged 31 years and 11
months.
B_TFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets..
HILL — In this city, January 16, 1902, Joshie
Hill, beloved daughter of the late .Margarett
and William A. Reed, and sister of Charles
Reed Mrs. Otto Ernst, Mrs. Chris Rose,
Mrs. M. Keegan and the late George Reed,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 7
. months and 3 days.
• u_~Friends and acquaintances are fespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking parlors of
. G. laccberi. 629 Broadway. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery:- . ; . . ' \' • '
- JOINET — In this city. January 17, 1902, at tha.
residence >6t his sister, Mrs. J. Torrence,
Alexander F. Jolnet. beloved son of Victor
Joinet, brother of Francis Jolnet. Mrs.
George Bank and Mrs. J. Torrence, and son
of the late Louisa Jolnet; a native of San
Francisco,, acred 34 years 8 months . and . 13
days. - ¦ .-¦• -
JONES— In this city, January 15, 1902, Mrs.
Isadora Jones, wife of the late Captain T.
Jones, sister of Mrs. Anselma Mungula and
Mrs. Estlfan Quiroz, and aunt of Mrs. Clo-
' tilde M. E. Robles,. a native of Durango,
Mexico, aged 63 years and 21 days. /
, (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday, ;
January 18, 1902, at 9 o'clock, from her late
! residence, 734 Green street, thence to. Spanish
L Church, where a mass will be. said for." tha
1 repose of her soul. Interment . Holy Cross
I Cemetery. ¦ ¦ ':..'¦
'¦ JOUVENTINE — In this city, January 17, 1902,
at -Our Ladles' Home, 33 Rlncon place, Mrs.
Francois Jouventine, a native of ••Lyons,
• France, aired 93 years. <
KENEFICK — In • this city. January 15, 1902.
Julia A., beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late Bartholomew Keneflck, and beloved
sister of Richard, Cornelius, Mary and John
Keneflck, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 4 morithi and 3. days. ..
_~" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2420 Mission street, thence to St.
'¦ James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the. repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
t tery.
" KNUDSEN — In . this city, January 17,. 1902.
Nancy Matilda, beloved wife of Adolph
r Knudsen, and mother of. Mabel E. E. Spen-
cer, a native of San Francisco, aged 36 years
: 4 months and 1 day."" '- j" ' >, —
LEDDIN — In this city, January 17,. 1902,
James, beloved husband of. the late Annie
• Leddin, and uncle of Mrs. Ellen Connelly,
a native of the City of Limerick, Ireland,
aged 78 years 4 -months, and 2 days. (New
York papers please cony.) ' ¦ • ¦ ¦ •
(CTFrlends are 'reBoectfully Invited' to at-
I tend the funeral Monday, January 20, at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, • 1319 Guer-
'¦ rero street, thence to St. James Church,
; where a solemn requiem mass frill be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
! Ing- at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from corner Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets. Please omit
j flowers. . ¦ ' • . . '.
r LYDIKSEN— In Oakland, January 16, 1902,
r "Anna E., beloved' wife of George Lydlksen,
. and' mother of Mrs. W. Iverson and Anna,
George, Tom. Walter and Blanche .Lydiksen,
' a native of Copenhagen. Denmark, aged 44
years -G ¦ months and 20 days. ; . :• ; t
(CTTrlends and acquaintances . are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
; Sunday, January 19, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at
the family residence, 1561 Twenty-third ave-
nue. East Oakland. Interment -Mountain
.- View Ce— leteryi • - - •• • •
1 McAVO Y — An anniversary requiem low mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
1 'of Mary E., wife of Edward A; McEvoy,' and
sister of John J. and Thomas F. Boyle, at
j St. Francis Church, Vallejo street and-Mont-
gomery avenue, Monday, January 20, at 8
O'clocK. Friends are Invited to- attend. - ' :
' . McKENNA— In , this clty t January 17, 1902,
Frank McKenna, a native of Ireland, aged
71. year*.- - , -¦ ••••-. -
I MALLON — In this city, January 16. 1902,
Rosanna S. Mallon, a native of .Philadelphia,
• "Pa., aged 76 years 10 months and 26 days.
d_TFriend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, . from her late resi-
dence. 1417 Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
' Vis Church, ValleJO -, street, where a requiem
I high mass wlll.be celebrated for the repose
" of her soul, commencing 1 at 8:30 o'clock. • In-
terment.: private. Holy . Cross Cemetery.
¦' Kindly 'omit flowers; ¦ V- ¦ - • '•-• i ¦'.¦ ~ • -^-.
MILNE— In* this city, January 17, 1902, Mrs.
Llllie C. 1 Milne," mother of | George: M~. and
• Walter O. Milne, and dearly beloved mother
of Florence E. Dermody, | a native of Bristol,
England. «, . -'.•..•. ¦--;¦¦¦• -\ '.'•"'
MOORE — -In.. this- city, --. "January;; 17. ; . 1002,
ThomasiB. Moore, a. native of Ireland,, aged
59 years 1 month -arid 19 days., A member of
Court Zenith No. 21, F.- of -A.; ¦-.¦' -;-. ¦ .¦ 5
' ¦ EyFriends .and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited- to attend, the funeral Sunday,
at 1:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 3678
' Sixteenth. - street, near ¦ Castro. J : Interment
" - Cypress " Lawn Cemetery. . . v
OFFICERS and members, of Court Zenith No. h
21, F. of A., are hereby: notified 'to attend
¦ the- funeral of our late brother, T. B. Moore,
from his late residenoe, 3678 Sixteenth street,
near Castro, Sunday,. January _J9. at 2 o'clock
sharp. By order of •
¦ M. T. ALLIMAN, -Chief Ranger.
WILLIAM A. LYNCH, Fin. Sec. :
O'DONNELL— In this, city, ' January 16, 1902,
Charles, beloved father of Mary J.' and Sarah
F. O'Donnell and Mrs. Rebecca Greenan/ and
brother-in-law of Robert. Shields, a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 80 years.
fTTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, his late
residence, 115 -Thirteenth street,, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem
" "mars will be celebrated .for the repose of ; his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. <.
O'LEARY — In this city, January ' 16, 1902,/
Frances Arline O'Leary, beloved daughter of
Arthur and . Kate O'Leary. sister of Minnie
Comcermallta and .Arthur and the late Agnes
• Claif O'Leary, .and niece of Mary and' Jo-
seph Kidney and John O'Leary.. a native of
San Francisco, aged 1, year. and 25 days. , .
QUILL— In this city, ; January 16, 1902, Tim-
othy- Quill, -beloved, son of- the' late Catherine
' and Michael Quill, a native of Washington,
D. C, aged 34 years. . . .
[C?" Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral Sunday,
' January 19, 1902, . at 12 o'clock, • from the
• parlors of J. . S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to St. Brigid's Church, where
service* will- be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' ...-.-¦.
REDMOND — In this city, January 17, 1902, at
the residence of rthe* parents, 926 . Haight
street, of diphtheria,- Kathryn" Rosemary, be-
loved daughter of John T. . and « Mary Red-
mond, a native of • San Francisco, aged 2
• years and 7 months.' • ...-.-. _
¦ (ETInterment private.. . .
REDMOND— In this city, . January 17, 1902,
Mary, beloved wife. of Patrick Redmond, and
mother of Aloysius and John. Redmond, and
sister-in-law' of Dennis Redmond,, a native
of County Wlcklow, Ireland, aged 63 years.
(E?Friencl8'and'acquaintances-.are respect-
fully-invited to attend 'the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, " from her . late
residence, 419 First avenue, between Clement
street ' and Point Lobos avenue,", 7 thence to
the Star of the' Sea Church, where -services
• will be held at 1 o'clock. '." Interment "Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city, January 16, 1902.
1 Joseph -Schmidt, beloved husband of Sophie,
and father of Ben J:,- Marcus J. and Philip
J. Schmidt and Mrs. M. Nathan, a. native of
Frankfort, Germany, aged 65 years and 16
days. ' •;•"¦• ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . .' i- ¦¦ ¦
(C?"Frl«nds and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully • invited to ¦ attend the funeral Sunday,
from the .Bush-street ¦- Temple, Bush, street,
near Laguna, where services will be held at
0:30 o'clock .sharp. Interment .'¦ Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend 'streets (special cars).
CONGREGATION Ohabai Shalome — Notice :.
Officers and members of Congregation ' Oha-
' bal Shalome are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother- and
member, Joseph Schmidt, . from the Bush-
street Synagogue at 9:30 o'clock Sunday.. By
order of - MAURICE KAHN, President.
M. L. STERN. Secretary.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W..
223 Sutter street — The funeral escort -is here-
by notified' to" assemble at the hall ¦¦ to-morrow
(Sunday), ' at S:15 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, Joseph' Schmidt.
Fines will be strictly enforced.-' By order of
- C. A. O'BRIEN, Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder. ; ,
STILLWELL— In Port Costa, January 17.
1902, Mrs. Annie Denton Still well, aged 75
years and 25 days. .
THORN AGLE — In this city, at her residence,.
2319 Larkin street, January 15, 1902, Agnes,
beloved wife of Christian Thornagle, mother
of Alexander J., John C, Edna M. and
Crystal A. Thornagle, and- sister of Mrs. H.
J Wright and Alexander Stewart, a native
of §an Francisco, ; aged, 43 years, 9 month*
and- 7 days. . .-.. .. ,
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January. 19. at 1 o'clock, from the aUdi-
, toriuin of Native Sons' building-, 414 Mason
Btreet. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carrlase. . •
ALTA Parlor No. 3, N. D. ,G. W.— Members
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late treasurer. Mrs. Agnes Thornagle, Sun-
day, January 19, at 1 , o'clock, from Native
Sons' Hall, • 414" Mason street. By order of
: - ¦• > MRS. 'J. S.- NOONAN, -President.
C. L. FAULKNER, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members 'of Martha Washlng-
\ ton^Council No. 2^Ju) t^)f .1*, ar^cequested to,
attend the funeral of our late sister, Agnes
Thornagle, Sunday, at 1 o'clock, from- Native
' Sons' Hall, Mason street By order ' '
MAGGIE RALEIGH, Councilor.
D. A. HEMPHILL, Secretary.
THOURDS— In', this city,' January ' 14, 1902.
John A. Thourds, a native • of Philadelphia,
' ajed • 60 years.
UNGER— In Oakland, January "16, 1902. Henry
. Unger, a native of Germany, aged 59 years
and 7 -months. • '"- "
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend "the funeral 'services
Sunday, Javiuary 19, 1902, at 3 o'clock,- at
I. O. O.' F.- Hall, corner Eleventh and'Frank-
lin streets, Oakland. . Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.- ¦ '• • / . "
VOLZ — In this city, January 17, 1902,- Au-
gusta M. Volz. dearly beloved daughter of
Mrs. B. WettiK, • beloved • stepdaughter ' of
Theo. Wettig, arid sister of Lizzie E., Au-
gust G:, ' George' W. and Fred W. Volz and
Mrs: C. M. Foltz, a native of Galena, III.,
aged 83 years 5 months and 5 days. (Ga-
lena papers please copy.)
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow. (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 232 .Twelfth street.'. Inter-
ment private. Please Jomit , flowers. .
WATSON — In this city, . January 16, 1902,
Richard J.. beloved son of Mary and the
late William Watson, and brother of Harry,
William, Charles,- Daniel and the late John
Watson; a native Of San Francisco. -
'.- E3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully "Invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
¦ dence, 58' Cook- street, ' oft Point Lobos ave-
nue, thence to Holy Cross Church for ser-
vices. ' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WENZEL— In this city, 'January 17, 1902, at
her realdence," 1916A Golden Gate avenue.
May A., dearly beloved wife of Rudolph G.
"Wenzel, beloved mother of "Walter Weniel,
and devoted daughter of William and Mary
\A. FahrenkniK, a native of San Francisco.
lETNotice of funeral hereafter. . ,
WILEY— In this city, January 16, 1902. .Fran-
cis A., beloved son. of 'the late Charles and
Mary Wiley, a native of San Francisco.-
- ICT" Funeral private. Remains at the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 24T5 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
YUNG — In San Jose, January 17, 1902, Rosina
Yung, widow of the late Nicholas Yung, and
beloved mother of C. D. Postel. Mrs. Bertha
, Kron, Mrs. F. A. Church and Mrs. Kelly
Russell,' a'ged 70. years -T. month and 4 days.
E?"The funeral services will be held Sun-
day, at 1:30 o'clock, at "the residence of her
daughter, ¦ Mrs. Bertha, Kron, 1326 Golden
Gate avenue, near.. Steiner street.. Inter-
ment . -private. ; --**--<¦ : .City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday to the effect that i the Board of
Education cannot enforce the specific
performance of a. contract to sell a lot
on McAllister street, entered into between
Owen McHugh, the owner, and Herman
Murphy, who acted for the board. Mc-
Hugh agreed to sell the lot for $2325, but
changed his mind when he learned that
the city was the intended purchaser. City
Attorney Lane holds that as there is no
contract in existence. McHugh cannot
be compelled to sell the lot at the figure
named. . • •
No Contract Exists.
prominent attorney. Rev. E. B. Church
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church will per
form the ceremony. The wedding will
take place at the bride's residence. 718
Golden Gate avenue, and will be a pri
vate affair, only immediate relatives be
ing invited. The couple will leave imme
diately for a two weeks' trip southward
and upon their return will live at the
Palace. Many beautiful and costly
presents have been received by them.
At 'last arrangements have been made
for the social, event of the season, the
Mardi Gras ball of the San Francisco
Art Association. Elaborate invitations
have been designed and will be mailed
next week, to be exchanged for tickets
and boxes. Two boxes have been re
served. The rules for masking will be
the same as last year, the ladies being
the only ones permitted to conceal their
identity.
The . gentlemen having the matter In
hand are: James W. Byrne, 'president
of the .art association, chairman of
the executive committee; Edward M.
Detective Sergeant John Hanley arrived
from Chicago yesterday with the papers
for the extradition of Stickney. alias Fa
genbush, who Is wanted there for swin
dling people by means of worthless min
ing' stock.
Attorney Barnes moved for a dismissal
on the ground that the complaining wit
ness had acknowledged that he had
joined in a conspiracy to *rob the faro
bank, and also that the whole thing was
illegal and no jury would return a ver
dict of guilty. Regarding Carroll and
Stickney. alias Fagenbush, there was ab
solutely no evidence against them.
Judge Cabaniss agreed that so far as
Carroll and Stickney, alias Fagenbush,
were concerned there was merely sus
picion and that was not law. He dis
missed the i case ¦ against Carroll, and
would have done the same with the case
against Stickney, alias Fagenbush, had
he not been informed that the prisoner
was wanted in Chicago. He continued
the cases against Lane and Sutton till
this morning, when he will render his de
cision on the motion to dismiss.
No Evidence^Against Carroll.
Mrs. Wilhelmina Mellor, wife of the
complaining witness, testified to having
seen Lane three times at her house, and
Sutton once. The case for the prosecution
was then closed.
Archibald C. Kalns, assistant cashier
of the Canadian Bank of Commerce, tes
tified to Mellor having drawn $1700 from
the bank January 2. He also said that
Lane called at the bank and asked about
Mellor's standing. .
. After the game Lane took Mellor to
Sutton's room and in a few minutes Sut
ton joined them. Sutton apologized for
Mellor's ill-luck and remarked that the
game had been a "tough" one, but if
Mellor had $1500 more he could have re
couped himself. They met subsequently,
and it was agreed that Lane should put
up $2000 and "Mellor $3000, and by an agroed
system of plajc they would be sure win
ners. Mellor became suspicious and em
ployed a private detective to shadow the
quartet. Mellor and Lane were to -try
the second experiment January 8. The
police, were notified, and that morning
the arrests were made in room 304 of the
Palace.
5 Mellor testified that he drew $1700 from
the . Canadian Bank of Commerce Janu
ary 2 and that night met Lane by ap
pointment. Together they went to * a
room in the Palace Hotel. The password
for admission was "Two gents from Sar
atoga." When Lane knocked at the door
he gave the password and Stickney, allaa
Fagenbush, admitted them. Sutton was
sitting behind the faro table and Carroll
had a lot of chips before him, as If he
had been playing. • Mellor described min
utely how he bet by the signals, but lost
$1500.
Mellor Was an Easy Victim.
The complaining witness said his true
name was Alfred H. Mellor and explained
that he signed the complaint as "A. Mil
ler" because he did not want his real
name to appear in the newspapers. He
said he was a speculator and money lend
er and came here from Victoria, B. C,
about four months ago and was living
with his wife at 1516 O'Farrell street. He
told of his meeting with Lane In answer
to an advertisement for a loan of $3000,
to be repaid within ten days with $12,500.
Lane broached to him the real object of
the advertisement.' Lane wanted to break
the faro bank through his friend Sutton,
the dealer, who he said owned a thor
oughbred ranch in Yaquina, Miss., but
was financially embarrassed. Mellor said
that he fell in with the scheme as he
was to get 40 per cent of the winnings
for the use of his money, the other 60 per
cent to be divided between Lane and But
ton. He met Sutton In his room in the
Grand Hotel, when it was agreed that
Sutton was to give certain signals to
guide Mellor in his play.
The preliminary examination of "Patsy"
Carroll, Martin J. Lane, E. B. Sutton and
Charles J. Stickney, alias Fagenbush, on
a charge of tricking A. H. Mellor out of
$1500 in a faro game in a" room in the Pal
ace Hotel was held before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday afternoon. Attorney : \V. S.
Barnes appeared for the defendants antf
ex-Judge Ferral specially prosecuted.
Complainant Describes How
Game Was Run at Pal
ace HoteL
Judge Cabaniss Acquits
Him of Complicity in
, Faro Swindle.
CARROLL AGAIN
PLAYS IN LUCK
A suit for " divorce , was filed "'. yesterday
by Mary Symonds against Robert B. Sy
monds for neglect. Divorces were granted
to J. Fennimore Welsh f rom - Katherine
Jane Welsh for desertion and Maud Hunt
from Betrt ram Hunt for extreme cruelty..
In the IHvorce Court.
David Hansen, who was arrested for
robbing a fellow seaman of $30 in an East
street lodging-house, . was sentenced to
four months in the County Jail yesterday
by' Judge Dunne. Hansen, was arrested
on a charge of grand larceny, and entered
a plea of not guilty, which he subsequent
ly ¦• withdrew and pleaded g^illty to a
charae of petty, larceny, —¦--,:
Hansen Sent to Jail.
W. H. Johnston, an employe of the gas
company which is making a fight to lay
Us mains In Pasadena regardless of the
opposition of the authorities, appeared
before the Supremo Court yesterday in
an attempt to secure his release. He was
arrested by the Pasadena police officials
for making excavations In a public . street
without first obtaining a permit -from the
Superintendent of Streets. The case was
submitted on briefs and a decision is not
expected for several months. Johnston
was released on- his own recognizance. ,
Pasadena Gas Case at Bar.
This week's' News Letter does much to
carry but the general opinion that: this
paper is the West's great weekly, of. wit.
There are two notable pieces of light
verse in the -Looker On, and Town Crier
on the subjects of "Anarchy Isle" -and
"The Telephone . Microbe" respectively.
"Our Musical City". is; a fanciful account
of the Board of Supervisors' meeting un
der the coming regime, and there is- a
very laughable travesty on Ade, touch
ing off a prominent , event : of . the week.
Lady Algy. has some exclusive gossip on
the success of a San Francisco girl In
Washington, and the Looker On is not
far behind -in -interest. -The dramatic
criticism opens with a -laughable bit of
lampoon. ¦
To-Bay's News Letter/
< C. Schilling, attorney for Charles Mark
man, filed a complaint with the board al
leging that Superintendent of Streets
Heath has persistently refused to accept
repaying done by Markman on trenches
used for pipe service. ¦ Schilling said that
Heath had written to all the corporations
that Markman's work was faulty and on
that account Markman was unable- to ob
tain contracts. Schilling alleged that
Heath was. impelled by malice to make
the charges. J Heath was directed to file
a written report on the matter.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club pe
titioned that the I sidewalks be made of
uniform width on Fulton street. The peti
tion was taken under advisement.
The board after an Investigation finds
that the charter makes it obligatory to
have street sweeping done by contract.
It' has therefore abandoned the Intention
to have the municipality do the work by
day labor. . -
The Board of Public Works Issued an
order to its employes yesterday inform
ing them that It disapproves the practice
of disposing of their demands upon the
treasury to money brokers In 'advance of
the date set for payment. The employes
are also instructed that no information as
tq period of service or compensation will
bo given to any person not officially en
titled to receive It- *
demning Traffic With. Money
Brokers.
Board of "Works Issues an 'Order Con-
CITY EMPLOYES .MUST
STOP SHAVDTG DEMANDS
The Grand Jury on Tuesday last heard
the stories of Mrs. Kilbourn and the po
licemen who, arrested the men. The ac
cused- men gave their testimony yester
day and denied that they had offered any
."violence to ;.Mrs... Kilbourn. - They swore
that they had only assisted her when
they discovered that she was in a hysteri
cal state. 'A* number of witnesses were
in attendance to give testimony as to the
reputation - of, • Mrs. Kilbourn, but before
any of them -were called word was given
out that | the Grand Jury, decided that
there was no evidence on which to base
an indictment. ¦ ¦ ; -
The Grand Jury held a session yester
day to continue the investigation Into the
alleged, failure of justice in Judge ,Mo
gan's court in the case of Frank Morris
sey, Thomas Crouch and Martin. Flynn,
who were charged with assaulting Mrs."
Rosa Kilbourn of Santa Rosa. -
Againtet Three Men by Mrs.
Rosa Kilbourn.
Dismisses Charge of Assault Brought,
High Schools to Debate.
Under the auspices of the Debating
League of California teams from the Lin
coln Evening Commercial and San Rafael
High schools •will compete to-night at the
auditorium of the Girls' High School at
Geary and Scott streets. The question se
lected for discussion Is "Resolved, that
labor unions promote the best interests of
the Vorkingmen." The Commercial School
•will sustain the affirmative with H. S.
Lawior, E. J. Rellly and W. A. McGrlll.
San Rafael will respond In the negative
with Miss Georgia Boody, Miss Marion
Dewet and Henry Boyen as its represent
atives. A. H. Macdonald will preside.
Ladies' Club to Meet.
A special meeting of the Elizabeth Cady
Stanton Club will be held to-night at the
residence of Mrs. Ciara Fpltz, 771 Haight
street. A special programme has been ar
ranged, including- a lecture by the presi
dent, music and other features.
GBAND JURY REFUSES \
TO BEING ¦ INDICTMENT
.Therewill.be a wedding to-day at high
noon of two charming and well-known
people.- The , principals are Mrs.- 'Fannie
Edmondson and Charles L. Patton, the
Miss Hilda Van Sicklen gave a dinner
at the University Club last evening to
a number of friends. Several dinners
Were given preceding the Fortnightly
cotillon. -••¦'- ; -
Mrs. Sidney Smith gave a pleasant
luncheon at her home, Broadway and
Webster street, yesterday. Covers were
laid for sixteen and everything was per
fectly appointed . • ¦ '¦¦ ¦
Miss Clara McNear made her social
debut yesterday at the country home of
her mother, Mrs. George R. McNear, in
Petaluma. Miss McNear has but recently
returned, from? Europe.
Mrs. J. Brandt's tea to-day at her
home, 940 Haight street, will be a charm
ing affair. Mrs. Brandt Is entertaining
in honor of the directors of Laurel Hall
Club. Those who will assist in receiving
the guests are: Mrs. G. Volkmann, Mrs.
J. G. Conrad. Mme. Emilia Tojetti, Mrs.
I. F. Moulton, Miss H. Stadtmuller and
Miss M. Wood.
Mrs. E. J. McCutchen, 2016 Pacific ave
nue, gave an elaborate dinner at a
downtown : restaurant Wednesday even-
Ing, the guests comprising the friends
who assisted in her vaudeville entertain
ment on January 3.
reception days. The decorations were
particularly artistic. About 200 guests
were. received. -
Greenway, chairman ; of the , floor com
mittee; Henry Heyman,- chairman o£ the
committee on music, ; and L. P. Latimer,
chairman of the committee ,- on decora
tion. . .
Every one Is interested in the Doctor's
Daughters' latest effort for- charity. The
game of Kder Jal . is to be rjlayed at
Central Park, January 25, for the boneflt
or this worthy society. The Spanish ball
game Is popular in -itself and doubly so
under its present : auspices and Is bound
to be a large social event. Fifty boxes
have already been sold. Miss Susanne
McEwen, president, at 2525 Washington
stfeet, and Miss Jennie Blair, at i Hotel
Richelieu, and other-Daughters are sell
ing tickets, together with Sherman, Clay
& Co. Tickets for game are $1; boxes $10.
WELL KNOWN AND POPULAR ATTORNEY OF THIS CITY AND THE
CHARMING WOMAN TO WHOM HE WILL BE JOINED IN WEDLOCK
TO-DAY. . . " . ..
When the customs officers visited the
storeroom yesterday morning a scene of
devastation was spread before them. The
mongoose had gnawed his way out of the
box in which he had been confined. v De
tecting a familiar odor In a case of opium
he gnawed it open and, not liking x its
taste, scattered the ! contents over the
floor. Then the "varmint" sampled the
tea samples and brought tears into the
eyes of Teataster Toohy by scattering the
choicest brands about the room as though
tea were worth no more than sawdust.
In vain did the customs officials attempt
to seduce or coax the mongoose Into cap
tivity,-and as a last resort Dr. Hallwood
-was sent for. "When the mongoose beheld
his master he gave a glad squeak and
jumped into his arms joyfully, but in spite
of the doctor's indignant protests the pet
snake-killer was taken away from him
and will be killed, or deported at the
doctor's expense.
Surveyor Spear has reported Inspector
Lynch to the Collector for neglect of duty
in having allowed the mongoose) to be
taken ashore. ' • »
'. Deputy Customs Surveyor Chauncey
Milton St. John lives at the Occidental
Hotel and heard that Dr. Hallwood, who
had also put up at that hostelry, had a
prohibited animal there. He notified State
Quarantine Officer Craw, and the mon
goose -was taken and placed in the store
room of the Appraiser's building Thurs
day* night.
Customs Inspector Lynch was on the
gangplank of the transport Kilpatrick
when Army Surgeon Hallwood passed
out with a pet mongoose, which he ¦ had
acquired and trained in the Philippines.
The mongoose is a great snake and
gopher destroyer, but likes poultry and
pigeons better, and for the latter liking
has been barred out of the United States.
There is a double barrier against him be
cause the Importation of any wild or
domesticated animal from the Philippines
is also prohibited. Inspector Lynch al
lowed the animal to land, having forgot
ten the prohibition.
Uncle Sam's officials are loudly demand-
Ing the scalp of one poor little mongoose.
Lands in Violation of
Law and Must Suffer
the Penalty.
PET MONGOOSE
RAISES A ROW
Murphy was also convicted on another
charge. He drove to the store of Place
& Wayland, 415 Davis street, on the 10th
inst.. and asked for twenty sacks of pota
toes on credit, which was refused. He
then told Wayland he had a customer
on Bush street, and if he would give him
the potatoes he would sell them and re
turn with the money In half an hour.
On that promise he got the tubers, but
failed to return with the money.
Other commission merchants were swin
dled in the fame way, but as the de
fendants were convicted, they did not
care to swear to complaints against them.
Thomas. Cunnane and. George Murphy,
peddlers, have been ¦ victimizing several
commission merchants In the wholesale
district by stealing articles and driving
away with them. Yesterday they ap
peared before Judge Mogan and' Were con
victed on a charge of petty larceny. They
were ordered into custody and; will be
sentenced this morning. . . - •
The complaining witness against them
was Daniel O'Callaghan of O'Callaghan &
Nelson, 16 Davis street. . They drove to
his store on the 13th Inst. and wanted to
buy; fifteen sacks of potatoes'- and five
sack's of onions on credit. This was re
fused, and while O'Callaghan's back -was
turned, they threw five sacks of beans
into the wagon and drove away. O'Calla
ghan and Policeman Mullender pursued
and- overtook them, when they offered to
pay for the beans. '
Victimized by Thomas Cunnane
and George Murphy. ,
Several Commission Merchants Were
PEDDLEBS CONVnCTED
OF STEALING BEATTS
Mrs. Cyrus Walker and Mrs. Ira Pierce
were "at home" yesterday at 1730 Jack
son street, it being one of their regular
Mrs. W. F. Herrin and her daughter.
Miss Kate Herrin, received many callers
yesterday afternoon at their residence,
Broadway, and Scott • street, the occasion
being their third "at home" day this sea
son. Mrs. Herrin and Miss Herrin were
assisted in receiving by Miss Kathryn
Robinson, who was artistically and grace
fully gowned in pale -blue crepe. Miss
Herrin wore an exquisite white tulle cre
ation with .flimsy lace- insertion, while
Mrs. Herrin was ¦ elegantly • attired in
black point lace over yellow satin.
Mrs. Edward Pond and Miss Grant gave
i second of their series of delightful
luncheons at Mrs. Pond's residence, 1814
Gough street. . The decorations at both
tables were yellow and beautiful effects
were obtained. The guests comprised:
Miss Redington, Miss Katherlne Herrin,
Miss Catherine Robinson, Miss Ellinwood,
Miss Helen Dean, Miss Pearl Landers,
Miss Jollffe, Miss Drown. Miss Van Ness,
Miss King, Miss O Connor, Miss Blake
man, Miss Dolbeer and Miss "Wright.
Mrs. Oscar N. Taylor gave a charming
tea yesterday afternoon at her home,
SU14 Sacramento street. The guest of
honor was Miss Edith Coxhead, who has
recently returned from Europe, •where
she has been pursuing a long course in
music. The decorations were red, includ
ing pepperberries and an abundance of
greenery.
Those who assisted Mrs. Taylor were:
Miss Catherine Spiers, Miss Bruce, Miss
Bertie Bruce, Miss Thompson, Mrs. Hall,
Miss Marie Hall, Miss Amy Sharp, Mrs.
Willard A. Richardson, Miss Amy Elenor
Davenport, Mrs. Charles • Bentley, Mrs.
Hengstler . and Mrs. Self ridge.
The guests were: Mrs. Ay res, Mrs.
Bates, Mrs. Bottoms, Mrs. Blodgett, Mrs.
Bryan, Mrs. Bent, Mrs. Burns, Mrs.
Chamberlain, Mrs. De Long. Miss Earl,
Mrs.. Freeman, Mrs. Farnsworth, Mrs.
Gill, Mrs. Grissum, Mrs. Holmes, Mrs.
Hough, Mrs. Higgins, Mrs' Haslehurst,
Mrs. Hayes, Mrs. Hill, Mrs. Havens, Mrs.
Jaynea, Mrs. Harry Jerome, Mrs. Jen
nings, Mrs. Lynch. Mrs. Mackay, Mrs.
Mann, Mrs. Miles, Mrs. Meade, Mrs. Mor
ton, Mrs. Osgood, Mrs. Parsons, Mrs. Ride
out, Mrs. Robbins, Mrs. Scott, Mrs.
Sharon, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Shartzer,
Mrs. Taylor. Mrs. H. S. Treat,- Mrs. W.
Treat, Mrs. Trllley, Mrs. Toby, Mrs.
Whitney, Mrs. Wetmore, Mrs. Wells,
Mrs. Whipple, Mrs. Watkins, • Mrs. Wes
loner, Mrs. Woodward.' Mrs. Willcutt,
Mrs. Wilson. Mrs. Winder, Mrs. JToung
and Mrs. Yeamans.
Mrs. James Jerome was hostess at a
delightful euchre party yesterday after
noon at the Sorosis Club. Mrs. Winder
of Detroit was the guest of honor and
sixty guests were invited to meet her.
Mrs. Jerome was assisted In receiving by
Mrs. Harry Jerome, while Miss "Winder,
Miss Jerome, Miss De Long and Miss
Taylor kept the score for the players.
ablaze with jewels and the beau
tiful gowns of San Francisco's most ex
clusive set. The guests were greeted by
a reception committee and everything
proceeded as usual, except that some
changes were made in the leading set of
the german. Percy King and Miss Bernie
Drown, together with Burbank Somers
and MIes Juliette Garber. led on this oc
casion. The Friday Fortnightly cotillons
are constantly increasing In popularity.
THE Friday Fortnightly Club dance
last evening at Cotillon Hall was
one of the most delightful affairs
of the season. The hall was
The prisoner will be formally booked
on at least ten charges cf burglary to-day.
While they were patiently waiting for
him he was rankeacklng the residence of
Mrs. O'Donnell, at 2605 Market street.
After leaving the house Edminster went
to the jewelry store, where he 'was arrest
ed, and endeavored to sell the watch
which he had stolen from the residence
of Hack Inspector Gorman. Detective
O'Dea was passing on a street car and
recognizing the burglar from his descrip
tion followed him into the store. When
asked -where he got the watch Edminster,
¦who is tall and musculir, showed fight.
"When the detective placed a revolver to
his head and threatened to shoot if he
made another move he announced his will
ingness to surrender. He was then hand
cuffed and -taken to the City Prison. An
unusually fine skeleton key was found
concealed in the leg of his trousers.
Charley Gorman, the thirteen-year-old
•on of Hack Inspector Gorman, ' visited
the prison last night and positively identi
fied Edminster as the man whom he had
seen leaving the house after taking his
sister's watch.
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham, sus
pecting that Edmlnster was the much
wanted burglar, concealed themselves
yesterday morning opposite his shop and
waited for him, to appear.
Shows Fight When Arrested.
January 15 — Residence of Mrs. Dr. Shep
herd, 175 Noe street; purse containing money,
two gold bangles and other Jewelry stolen.
January 17 — Residence of Mrs. T. O'Donnell,
2605 Market 6treet; lady's cold pin. with dia
mond setting, one turquoise ring and a purse
containing $14.
January 12 — Residence of Mrs. Dr. Hoffman,
128 Valencia street ; lady's gold watch, sev
eral gold rings and a pair of opera glasses
etolen.
January 14 — Residence of • Otto Pierson. 25&
Minna street; rither valued at $B0 taken.
October 29 — Residence of Mrs. Alexander.
1US« Howard street, entered and a lady's golJ
watch and chain taken.
October o0 — Jewelry store at Market street,
near Sixteenth; tray of watches taken.
October 30 — Residence of 1. Keinht-rtz, C~J
Third street; a gold watch stolen.
November* If — Residence of .Thomas David
eon, 2S13 Mission street; laay's goiU watch set
with diamonds taken.
November 15 — Residence of Mre. Emmons,
1433 Mis-slon etreet; three gold pins and $10 iu
etoien.
December 1 — Residence of Mrs. Jacobs, 15OS
Kolsom street; jewelry taken.
December »— Keeidence of Mrs. Fowler, 131'*
Church street; purse containing money and a
lady's sold watch stolen.
December 11 — Residence of Mrs. Birmingham.
3S3» Seventeenth street; ?4O in gold ana Jew
elry taken.
December 13 — Residence or Baptlste L'jque.
633 Brunswick street; silver watch stolen.
December 16 — Residence of Mrs. Gadsby, 355 7
Seventeenth street; gold watch and ring taken.
December 18— Residence of Mrs. Nye, 334
Not street; a lot of jewelry stolen.
December 21 — Residence of Carl Vetter, 2124
Howard street; jewelry and money taken.
December 26 — Residence of Mrs. , Phillips.
2000A Howard street; gold watch and money
stolen.
December 26 — Residence of J. H. Cuthbert
son, 2565 Market street; Jewelry stolen.
December 31— Residence of Mrs. Leffingwell,
205 Valencia street; Jewelry and silverware
taken.
December 31 — Residence of Hack Inspector
Gorman; lady's gold watch stolen.
January 1 — Residence of Mrs. R. Duffy, 62
Webster street; jewelry and money stolen.
January 1 — Residence of Harvey Cooper, 13S
Valencia street; gold watch and ring stolen.
January 2 — Residence of Charles L. Creyer,
1718 Howard street; *« and a child's necklace
with locket attached taken.
Kdminster nas released a short time ago
and after coming to this city opened a
cobbler's shop on Mission stieet within a
lew doors of where he was arrested.
While pretending to be anxious to matte
an honest living the man ot many aliases
during his leisure time was breaking into
houses and stealing property, whien the
detectives say is valued at over $3000.
'ine following burglaries are attributed
to Edminster:
Accused of Many Crimes.
Last night the prisoner was positively
Identified by Detectives Fitzgtiaid and
Graham ol the Mission uismct ae Ed
ward Edminster. alias Morgan, alias Stev
en*, alias Clifton, an ex-convict, who was
convicted cf burglarv in Oakland and
tentenced to one year's imprisonment in
ban Quentin. ¦ •
The daring daylight' burglar who has
been operating In the Mission for the p&st
three months is at last behind prison bars.
He was arrested yesterday afternoon by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea in a jewelry
store at 1SS5 Mission street, while trying
to dispose of a watch stolen from the resi
dence of Hack Inspector Owen Gorman
on Twelfth street. After being taken to
the City Prison he gave the name of Eci
ward Edmundson, and claimed that h*
was a stranger in this city. Who:,
searched a lady's gold watch set with dia
monds and a turquoise ring, which were
afterward identified as the property of
Mrs. F. O'Donnell of 2603 Market street.
were found in his possession. On being
confronted with the evidence of nis guill,
Ecmundson broke down and intormeu the
detectives that he had entered the resi
dence of Mrs. O'Donnell snuitly berur»>
noon yesterday and stolen the jewelry
which was found in his possession. /
Ransacks More Than a Score
of Dwellings in Broad
Daylight
Police Identify Him as a
Recently Discharged
Convict.
MISSION BURGLAR
LANDS IN JAIL
f l r J±B SAN rKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1903.
Gotillon Hall Thronged With Exclusive Members of the Smart Set.
Mrs. Fannie Edmondson and Mr. Charles Patton Will Marry.
Mrs. Jerome Entertains at Sorosis Glu5— Mardi Gras Coming
POPULAR FORTNIGHTLY SOCIAL
AFFORDS PLEASURE TO GUESTS
14
This white sale is making more friends for the store than any-
similar effort we've made. Everything is so good and new
• and plentiful and lower priced than it usually is — much dif-
ferent from the clear-ups and -odds and ends and left-over
stuff so prevalent now.
Fact is: We don't give goods time enough to accumulate. As
soon as we find something lagging or broken, out it goes at
a clearance price. Clearance time with us is all the time. So
stocks are kept fresh.
4 cakes Toilet 5oap ioc, I
Perfumed and put up in a nice box. We have not much of it or we
would not think of selling it at ioc. It's the last of the line going to be
closed out. The cakes are .large, full, oval shape, highly perfumed. Four of
them neatly wrapped and put up in a box, all for ioc to-day.
Bath Soap 1c. Family Syringe 25c.
.Makes a splendid lather, four cakes to Goodrich's, with metal valves and
the bar, lc a cake. _ slnkera; hard rubber pipes. An extra
Anyvo Theatrical Cream 39c. value at r3c -
wh!& S K>c! s a e t SS&BZ 6 sel1 cvery " Fountain Syringe 65c.
Hudnut's FfWP Pnwrfpr Goodrich's Geyser sort, with three
nuuiiui s race rowuer nar d rubber pipes; 2-qt. bag.
In all colors, delicately perfumed, 50c - The 3-qt. size are 73c.
a box. The 4-qt. size are S5c.
Bonnet Brushes 48c. P a ffj Soonaes 25c
The handy size, celluloid handle and ° oponges *OC.
rlne attached. Extra laree size.
Handkerchief Surprise i2]c
2400 of them (200 dozen) ready this morning.
They are all fancy lawn handkerchiefs, some with embroidered corners
and lace edges; others with imitation Duchess lace corners— all of them lacy
and temptingly pretty.
25c Black Lace Hose 18c.
i^ •
They are fast black stockings without seams, lisle
thread finish; the lace open work runs in solid vertical
stripes from ankle to top; sizes 8H to 10.
' Other important offers in hosiery, to-day:
jA^il 3f J Y°° l H ° Se 25c Palr — 3 styles, plain black, with ribbed top, '
ribbed leg from ankle to top; also plain natural gray; heavy soft warm
quality; sizes 8$4 to 10.
Ladles' Fancy Hose 12#c_SeamIess black cotton, with fancy white
figure, full length and elastic; sizes 854 to g r A.
Ladies' Fancy Drop Stitch Hose 12y 2 c— Seamless fast black cotton
with vertical lace open work stripe; sizes 8j4 to IO
Ladles' 12/ 3 c Plain Black Hose 10c Pair-Seamless fast black cot-
ton, good, heavy weight; extra long and elastic; sizes 8j4 to 10
Child's 25c Black Lace Hose 22c Pair—Seamless fast black cotton,
with vertical lace stripes from ankle to top; sizes 6 to O
Infants' Lace Openwork Hose 15c Pair-Fine ribtxd" and seamless,
vertical lace stripes from ankle to top; colors pink, blue and white-
sizes 4 to 6. • "
Opoo«ite Golden ffl Jgp&m*>«B&m0^S&> Opp,.lte Golden
Gato Avenne. JBT^^SSSBSSSS^^ 1 Gat ' Avenue. I
fei?3 r*?S_^' trI* tag I- \ 'kwhi
<Hca«»»o«ATt» • w£&& @la Igpf 819
SPECMI. BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane SUGAfL22lfe.$LQ0
.„ FuW Weight Spreckel* ReSntar.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb sack. -80c
. Lay In. your winter supply. Markat his
advanced. and will go higher. Reg. 90c.
Zmnndel and Claret, In stone jug, gal. 75c
8 years old. Rear. jl. * ° °
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, Mb can... -40c
Reff. 45c.
Choice Point Reyes BUTTER, square.. 37*3
2 Sqjiares 75c. Reg: 43c. ¦
FINEST CREAMERY, Our Special, square 45a
Reg:. 55c. n
SANTA ROSA RANCH E86S, dozen.... 25c
Guaranteed every Egg. Reg. 30e
BEST MISSION EG6S, dozen "...30c
Gathered ana received dally. Rey jyfc.
FAIRBANK'S GOLD DUST, 3-Ibpkg...l5c
Gold Dust Special Saturday Only.
Best L Bros.' Brand Eastern HAMS, Ibl3c
Our Hams are sugar cured and every
ham Is guaranteed. Reg. 14c
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. WHISKEY, gal. $2.50
10 years old. Reg. $3 50. '
NEW EXTRA SUGAR CORN. 3 cans. . . .25c
Limit 3 cans. Re*. 12%c can.
New Eastern Buckwheat Flour, 10-lb sack 30c
Reg. 43c.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY, qtW..90c
Bottled at distillery. Reg. $V J5.
NEW SMALL WHITE BEANS, 6 IUs. . .25c
Reg. 5 lbs. 23c.
POTATOE?,Pest Salinas Burbsnks.box $1.50
Reg. *1 75 box. Limit * box.
NEW HOLLAND HERRIH5, keg $1.00
Reg. $1 25. All iTilchner $1 10.
Sliced PEACHES and APRICOTS, 3 cans.25c
Extra quality. Reg. 15c can.
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg '. |2iC
STRYKER'S KITCHEN SOAP, 7 cakes.. 25c
Best Sand Soap. Reg. 5c cake.
Imported Flag Brand SARDINES, 3 cans 25a
Reg. 121£c can.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of thes« "special"
sales. We ship fre« of charge within 100 ¦
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask for
monthly price list — free.
1348-1334 Market Street
Opp. Seventh, Phone 3. 292. Xc- Branch Store*.
t GENUINE
REDUCTION SALE
for 6O days
1O#
discount on our former
prices. See windows.
JOE POHEIH
The Tailor
201 uo 203 UaxTgoJiEXY Staeet
m0 MO 1112 HUXET 8T1UT |
UN FRANCISCO
143 South Srana Street
LOS ANOCLCS -¦¦ '.* /
DR.MCMLTY.
rpHXS WErX-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.L Specialist cures Blood Poison. Gonorrhcea.Gleet.
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their I
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OverlOyears' experience. Terms reasonable. Hours.
9to3daiiy;8:30to8.30ev'g!i.SundaTs,10tol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddxeaa
P. ItOSCOE aieXUIiTY, M.D.
26}^ Kearny »t., Man Francisco, Cal.
Nothing Injurious In
BBOVVN'S
Bronchial Troches
A ZV*?£U**Jo* cough*, hoarao-
n^mm, throat matt tuna troub/m*.
' Sold In Boxes only. A gold Imitation*. .
«1
IS to^ 34. Regular a** _^^""*«s. j-lfera Ira tuJPl^JW pink and blue strl P es -
A FEW Q REAT SPECIALS^
" THB^rT^ 1 ™^™r?^^ T .5£F££ ftQr For WAISTS made of Albatrosian
f&A^q^^K/ ?S O J££?% OUC Flannel, lined throughout, neatly
HFrrniw 11^ f mad0 and Mimed; we've sold similar
'DAY wnr T £J S a M 5^' THAT TO- Walats earlier in the season at $1.25.
Ie^ING LL BE A DAY ° F CHEAP Prices on all our better qualities In Flan- -
.- • • ¦ uncirov " - • nel. Cashmere and Albatross "WAISTS have
n HOoltKT. been reduced nearly ONE-HALF.
12Ke BLACK HOSE. On ! Our $3.00 WAISTS are now sell-
8416 ••••;•: Qa in? at... .S1.5O
* * WOMEN'S ' -20c * BLACK \ ' HOSE. '°ot °Z g^t°. ™ STS ..™. ™. . T^MJBB
gale • • '"'pal* 12*C Our $4.60 WAISTS are now sell- <
'^OMEN-s ¦"aac * BLACK HOSE. On ., durVoO WAISTS "are* now" selV-* 2 ' 39
!";::::::• ::;.:::::::::::::::i»air 19c m^at ..................... ..92.95
'¦aS^SoV^ob^feT^: 19c Dress and Walking Skirts. .
¦R T SJI. I^? R 5? rl . S^ 0^^S AV J OT ~-2&? fE CkCZr For WOMEN'S WALKING
RIBBED BLACK HOSE. On |Q»r> vOC SKIRTS. Regular price $1.75.
tL,"u'*i •• Palr \»^ * fti CkCZ For WOMEN'S WALKING
! wJnir 2 * et X 2 n 8ale are warranted fast Ol»*7t> SKIRTS. Regular price $3.50.
' black and full finished. . £>A OP For WOMEN'S DRESS
: - CORSETS.- -' JStP f o™w o STk? S ri d&ss '
Any corset bought here can be worn 30 & 3 • 1 0 SKIRTS i Regular 5riceS4?-f •
days; If then same is not satisfactory, re- : jf ., . -vf^vvii " e^ ular P« ce **-75-
turn same and well refund your money. Children's WOOl DrGSSeS
As a special inducement we place on sale Th . .vi <ro . £ .. f ¦--*„-*,-.-„ #>-«.
to-day our ine Dlgrgest reductions of the day are
$1.00 Corsets Sale Drice 69c ' made '" thI » department. We will sell
. b SS&-: BB:::::l .51 f^S'cfnWS,'- «°" " 1 -
: : $2.00 Corsets. Sale price.. fl.4O; , 75o- for, our regular S1.50 DRESSES.
Call for any of these Corsets— in all the S? e for our. regular $1.75 DRESSES
popular makes — and you can buy them J 1 - 50 for our regular $3.25 DRESSES
to-day at the sale price . ?1.6J> for our regular $3.50 DRESSES.
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS. ; %-°cJiZ^^W l^ R^ E F R^^
' ft^r* For WOMEN'S 'WRAPPERS, throughout, and trimmed with Braids and
vf V made or heavy Flannelette. Point Venice Insertions; sizes 4 to 1C
. dainty figures and stripes, fitted waist years. • ¦ - . - «
lining; full skirt with deep flounce; » Children'^ Clonlre
prettily made and trimmed. Our regular , Vnl ' Ur f n S **IOaKS.
$1.00 value. - . We've gathered about fifty CHILDREN'S
QQn For WRAPPERS, made of best AL a L "J^ r ? OL JACKETS. Among them you'll
€7O^ Flannelette, In > stripes and fig- fln^ Jackets;worth as. high as. $3.50. .
I ures, prettily trimmed with braids; 'fit- To-day we give you your <g| Qer
, ted waist lining; flounce bottom. Regu- choice of lot at: , <9I«UU
.iar MMggjgg^ga made of Women's Flannel Night-
tp it A v German Flannel; waist and -..-.¦. 5?OWn«5 •= -• '
.sleeves lined; stylishly made and trim- _ _. U. ¦ & , ,V
i!Sar!$afe!^^^ Ce '; Re^ 35C.NIGHT^Ni? C . FIyANNEI '
WOMEN'S WAISTS.' 50c n^gh^own's 50 fla^e u-
T£l™£Z%\r£Z«£ you a new if* 69c S5&SS^k oo ; F ?' A »»» 1 '
One-Half Regular Price.- 98c ; ni^^wns 51 ' 50
QQ/> For WAISTS made! of heavy Oer- These Gowns are made of best Flannel;
«J«-»w man Flannel— all new and pretty come irr plain Pink, Blue and Cream or
colors; neatly tucked and trimmed with ¦ pl^i, ty L B I 1 ? B -'"i ll -. p "* Stripes; trimmed
grllt buttons; these waists are the best : with braids and Torchon laces; very neatly
75c values' ever offered. To-day's price made. , ¦-.¦•„ ¦-..-. ¦ . • ,
, , 39 , c - ¦ ; . •, .¦;••.¦.¦ -...-•¦ - . 'OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 Market Street, bet. Taylor and Jones/
Hale's.
Hole's.
That embody all /^Orj^\^
those points de- / . u^ f\
manded by good, I / 1
careful or tasty / / I
dressers; suits for / . I .
business wear or I
conventional socle- £* I J
ty occasions; suits J II
that hold their ; ! V {*""/ I
high class look un- I 1 h /
til -worn out— these i k-~-f
are the sort that t ' L/ V Jt
have established' 1 | \ \ Alj
our reputation for . • A \ \}r
reliablf i t y. Our - i\ fl
terms are «1 V ft j
'$1.00 I m \
a Week. 1 ill V
Be sure of our l\»V iil\ V
Name and I nv iffil
Address ><£*// II V
Open this (Satur-
day) evening till 10 ' 'A**
o'clock. V
AiWidmWff..
128E!!i^$t^A_bjyePowea