PRICE FIVE CENTS.
sanJfrXn ciscp; >monp
Before a Large Audience the Attorney Accuses 1 Corporation bf
Bribery, the Bulletin of Blackmail and Incompetent Sari Fran
cisco Officials of Barring the Acquisition of a Public Uti i v
EX-SUPERVISOR REED DENOUNCES
SPRING VALLEY WATER COMPANY AND
THE CITY'S BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
VICTIM OF AN-UNKNOWN.ASSAS
"SIN . WHO : SHOT - ; HER DOWN
! .WITHOUT APPARENT. MOTIVE.
candidate* for office at elec
tions in this town and de
mands money as the price of
support or immunity from
attack. ~ I cite these in
stances drawn from politics,
•imply because the proof is
absolutely convincing:. The
Bulletin is a common
strumpet. It Is a pity that it.
- B "*— Infl lesce . or_ an e v t fii
«lve circulation.' It In the ,
duty of every cnod cltlKen to
mini ml re Its pernicious in
fluence, and expose Its cor
rupt practices, because not
only in politics, bnt In the
business world as well, the .
Bulletin blackmails and
thrives.
* • • '
. !• there crawling within
the limits of the city and
county of San Francisco any
thing: more nauseous and de
graded than the "fcoujrhten
Bulletin,*' or Its corrupt pro
prietor, hypocritically pre
tending to be for decency
and cood government?
It Is a we! I known fact
that the Bulletin holds n»
blackmailinpr roast. The
statesman'* explanation of
the phenomena has become
CnraoDS in local lonrnnlliin.
It iris that "tlie lease has
expired.*'
mistress (or n .lay. If paid its
price. It i» a notorious fact
that tor the past several
years the Bulletin has sap
ported n. prominent Demo
cratic statesman, lately re
tired from active political
life. At la«t Its k up port be
came lukdvnrm and finally
obanjred to a well-directed
•¦eceiiaor, R. A. Crotheri,
the San Francisco Bulletin Is
the scarlet ivonmn of jour
nallam. It will he any one's
ment of Georgre - K..
Fitch panned an inde
pendent and honest ca
reer in San Francisco
journalism and had a
powerful Influence in this
rommnnlty. Dut nnder hla
SAYS BULLETIN
FATTEN5 ITSELF
BY BLACKMAIL
B^— — VT the chief offender
In the San Francisco
Bulletin. That paper
_____ under the manage-
EX-SUPERVISOR WHO DE
"NOUNCED WATER COMPANY
AND THE BULLETIN.
2 CoatixLued "on.' Pajgo • Two f ¦
•-. v ¦¦ BERLIN,'/- Feb: / 1 6.^-It i- is
reported V from" ; Baku, Trans-
Caucasia^^' that of
persons v were V killed ';'¦ byj.'the
> earthquake j> in I the £ SJiamaka
; district^ and that]) tlie "towns
and "ylllag-es for twenty yersts
around ' Shamaka ' suffered se- i
'! verely.^ \[ :. ¦¦ J .?'J: ¦'¦ ¦¦ r '~{;, "a--. '.'.< :¦
THOUSANDS LOSE
THEIR LIVES IN
THE EARTHQUAKE
PATRIOTISM OP MBS. BE WET.
DURBAN, Feb. 16.-^Mrs." Dewet in an
interview; held; at the' Maritzburg coricen
tratiori-camp said > that , two' 6f >» her; sons
were : still fighting j'witri; their Jfatiie?. 1 Tsho
regretted Jthat -the GbverrimeritV had : . riot i
perfnitted '} her ' to /.communicate'; , with % her,
husband, -.and said j she was: certain t . he'
woiiid" never. "surrender.;. Mrs. Dewet:de
clared she would rather see < her . husband
die than" submit.'; .::*.,. . . ¦";' ;"'-;' : -',
UT the clii«f tllflical
tle» In the Way of
municipal ovrnernhlp
¦fo*. iSan Francisco's
Water unpply nre the
Spring: Valley '-."Water; Work* .
and. /the Board -of .Public
AVork« and It* CityEnprlneer.
The ' Spring: Water.
Work* In -a : rich, powerful
and nmcrapnloni corpora
tion. It 1st ', one r ot . the' chief "
members of what; Arthur!
- McEfren mo happily; described
as . the "Associated ; Vlllaln-
Iei«." It Is niing and will, une
every kind' • of Influence^ to '
defeat . municipal oiynemhip *
and there are many poWerful
factor* in '; molding:.' .public'
. onlnlon that r , are .only -too
anxioun to be used, If they be
vrell paid. There are the' pur-'
chanable politicians ] and the:
purchaoable prein. ; The pur
chasable prewii In a' danger
factor agalnnt the people'*
Interest*.
% "- •'-•¦•,¦•¦
The moat . nerlouM :dlfflcul^~.
ty,-hoT»-ever,Whlch'tlie.cnune
of : municipal ownernliip I*
laborlncr under in Snn Kran
cIkco. Is a , bnreancratlc, . cx
travanrant," daivdllnic»* incom
petent Hoard . . of ¦;> Public,
AVorku .and City, - Engineer.
They came Into office on ¦ the
hiprh tide' of .the -demand 'for <
j>ul»li< # ouneridiiji of public,
ntilitio", and. have . kiiccckn
fully dlnnipated^the ,-enthu
. h in « in ' of ¦' the " people, and ' nl
nioKt - dfntrorcd belief , In the
posniblllty. of the practical
• access of sacb. a policy.
SALT ; LAKE, Feb. ; 16.— Three : thops'anVl
Western.horses, -known as cayuses, gath-;
ered from : the ranges of the inter-mburi- :
tain. States are to i; be "shipped Vto" South
Africa f or ';¦ use ' in the : British army/ } . t The'
animals were s purchased by agents of '. trie"
British' army,* who' have' been scouring .the
country for weeks, and; have been concen
trated in corrals in this 'city arid at Grand
Junction!: Colo. The first shipment '"was
iriade f rom v here',to-day, a trainload being
sent -direct -to.? New Orleans. S Shipments
iWiUib^e made, daily -until, the .^entire' lot ia
disposed of." r r" '' / ; 'V- •
CAYUSES FOR. THE RAND.
BOARD OF WORKS
IS DECLARED THE
WORST OBSTACLE
."The' Spring 'Valley Water^ Company has "evl-_
dently reached the limit of lt« ~ present y-'re
iources.; -The W3tcr taken • frbm\ Point ; Uobo.-,
Creek ha's . been '. condemned, .and ' It \will / be ! but
a comparatively ' short time when .the . supply'
drawn from Lake Merced", must. 'be* condemned'
also," v for- the ; settlement , of population ., is ex
tending !n_ that ' direction: In ' fact,* it ' is' only,'
a ,' qiicstion - of , time : when -no part; of the penlri-'
"San Francisco [emerges • from the contro
versy, over "the use of Point Lobos Creek*as
."a .source of water; supply "only 'to- confront .a
more (important problem. :".'. It, is fairly certain
the Spring . Valley/ Water ¦ Company '.resorted
to that creek mainly because it could not 'ob
tain from. Mts "other sources of supply i a .'quaii-'
I U . ty of' water adequate to the demands .' at "all
seasons of the year. The real. questioriVbef ore
»he , city," ' therefore;* is not ; one of . preventing^
the u'ae . of ..water drawn • from ' contamiria'ted :
wj^ter slieds.-but of providing' a source' of water
jsuppiy. which shall be not only "pure but abund
ant ¦ "-•'.¦¦ : wfflB^j^g^ap^^gJaBBMM
The Real Water Problem:
It takes a great" deal to scare the people of
San Francisco. A , gentleman said to me .the
other day that ; If war were declared against
the United States' and' a .hostile ., fleet' 'were
threatening | San Francisco our ¦{ people, would
¦not believe. they were In danger till the bombs
were crashing thrqugh the roofs ¦'; of , ' their
dwellings. 'No greater calamity than a;scar
city ; of water can face , any- people, , yet * it has
only " ; been recently that the question of a' water
famine ' could' Interest our people. . They are,
however, waking; lip. .The San: Francisco Call
is one of the organs of conservatism. No one
can charge It' with being a supporter of muni
cipal ownership,^ yet on the 10th of last De
cember It had the following, 'editorial: ¦ '
From which the Inference is plain that an
other dry year, will be disastrous^ We are near
ly ' six ; inches short 'or ram this year as com
pared with 'last year. ¦
Chief Engineer. Schussler also said:/ "I. said
last year we were In the fourth dry year, and
in spite of having had four unproductive years,
we- still had . water j enough .for the fifth' year,
and tha t is this year. ! We are ' In i this : year
now.". . '".. : r : -~ ,. ..; .'
People Hard • to Scare.
Engineer Schussler answered, * "If we did not
have that. property we might find some morn
ing that'. we did riot have quite the amount
that. we bad heretofore."
In order to drain the mud fiats by placing its
suction pipe in the deepest part of the lake. / .
On/ February 11.' 1802, ' Chief Engineer
Schussler justified the expenditure of large
sums of • money in j Alameda last year on ! the
ground that the supply/of water was running
short.l The question was'asked by Supervisor
"Wynn, - "Whatia the necessity of these proper-,
ties that have been acquired to be used at tha
present, time by the Spring Valley .Water Com
pany?'; -;, ¦ ¦ ; . ,-' - .:•.¦,' ¦ .^ '[ '
J, Annie Anderson, believing I am now about
to die, make this, my dying statement. I came
from .the! Swedish church on : Jessie street. I
bade , my sister " farewell and ' I , started "to go
home/., 1 1 took • the car near Sixth street and I
sat on the car until I came to Ashbury street.
I had. gone a few steps when a man came and
took hold of me and then he shot me and I
cried and «peoplfe cams and he ran away. Ha
had a mask on .his. face: be had. a rain coat on
and the; cape "hid his face. .1 couldn't see him
.very 'good,; if was all done ¦ so quietly. Thl*
happened at : 0 UtO p. m.. " February - 16. " 1DO2.
.There .were no others on the, car that I saw.
except^the conductor, arid the man that steers : .
the ; car. ? : ; I - think it was one of ¦ them , on t the
car that sho< me, for he waa shooting > whila 1
vii to tbi'car. i - \ _>.
When the wounded woman' arrived at
the hospital Detective- Dinan Immediately
telephoned for Policeman Xelson to act
as interpreter • for Assistant District At
torney • John J."' Greeley, who was thera
to take the dying "woman's statement. It
was as follows:
, v; . The ¦ excited man "who boarded the Mc-
Allister-street car an " hour and a half
after the shooting did not wear an over
coat* of any kind. He was ' described as
being 5'feet ? inches In height; dressed in
black, with a derby hat and dark brown
mustache.
Both are positive there was not a fourth
person on the car.. Chief Wittman and
Captain Seymour,. after interviewing both
gripman J and conductor, were "completely
satisfied that i neither were Implicated in
any'way'with the murderous assault.
They were utterly surprised at the news
of the shooting. They 'returned from' the
trip to the park at 10 o'clock and went
home, and at that time nothing was
known at the power-house of the occur
rence.
.', Both C.L. Jones, the gripman, and Con
ductor Wyatt state that . they heard no
shots in the locality after the woman left
the car,.' '
, John Wyatt, conductor, on car No. 207 of
the Hayes-street line, saj-3 that a woman
with a. light colored coat and straw hat
andj black veil, which answers- the de
scription of the wearing apparel cf the
wounded woman, got o.i nia car at the
ferry and got off at Ashbury and Hayes
streets about 9:45 p. m. He noticed her,
particularly, because she was the only
passenger beyond the .Haycs-ctreet pbweri
Mystery Shrouds Case.
The woman's positive statements and
the seemingly rational way in which she
described the shooting in every particular,
save that portion of it in which she casts
suspicion upon the conductor, involves the
case in a tangled skein of mystery, which
the police may have a hard task unravel
ing, t .
The conductor and gripman state posi
tively that tney heard no shots, and the
people in the neighborhood bear out their
stories. Several gentlemen -who live in
toe vicinity of the shooting say that only
one shot was fired. The bullet was flred
at close- range. It burned a- hole In the
white coat which she wore and left pow
der marks for fully four or five inches
around the spot where the bullet entered.
San Francisco's dependence for water is al
most entirely upon the Spring Valley Water
Works. The Visltadon Water Company sup
plies 517 consumers and is the only rival of the
monopoly. The sources of water of the Spring
Valley Water Works are three — Lake Merced,
• the peniniula reservoirs and Alameda Creek.
Lake Merced Is a foj-mer arm of the ocean,
into which drains the rain water O ( f several
thousand acres of land, some of it thickly in
fcfib'.ted. The three perdnso 1 * reservoir* are
eltuated in the hills of San, Mateo County.
They are magnificent reservoir siteE. but have
very fmall catchment areas. When full they
contain a. three year's (supply of. water for San
Frsncieco. These reservoirs . were once the
main supply of the Spring Valley Water
Works, but the lirht rainfall of .the past five
years has compelled 11 to \ develop \ to the ut
taort the water-bearing properties of Alameda
Creek. Alaraeda Creek has a very large' draln
aee area, but no reservoir eites — at least, none
untilized. The flood waters of winter run"! into .
the ocean without hindrance. In order to make ,
use of a portion of this water Chief Kng-ineer
£cfcur«0er has developed a sort of: underground
reservoir in the gravel beds Just above Sunol,
and by a system o f underground • tunnels ob
tains a constant supply" of over eight million
gallons per day. From these various, source*
about 26,000,000 gallons a day are * secured.
MoFt of the water Is good, but 'some 'of'- It' is
b&d. and retting worse.
The epr^jVa^^XVaier_.Woria-!u coa-
¦¦ X-SUPERVISOR Charles Wesley
Reed delivered an address last
¦^ evening at the Academy of Sci
ences building on the subject of
- 1 <*f "Ban Francisco's Water Supply"
before a large audience, which
frequently cheered his remarks.
The speaker was listened to with close
attention, and his caustic criticisms of
the Board of Public Works, the Spring
Valley Water Company and the Bulletin
were greeted with applause.
At the close of . the address some of
those who had listened to the arraign
ment of a portion of the city's govern
ment, the water company and the Bulle
tin asked pertinent questions of^ the
speaker of the evening, who furnished the
Information desired.
A \ vote of thanks was unanimously
given to the ex-Supervisor and he was
personally congratulated by the majority
cf Mie citizens present at the meeting.
In dealing with the subject of the city's
supply of water ex-Supervisor Reed said:
The constitution of California provides that
in the month of February or ' each year the
legislative body of each municipality shall es
tablish the "rates of compensation to be col
lected for the use of water supplied to any city
and county, or city or town, or the inhabit
ar.tt thereof." All over the State the man^iite
of article XIV cf the constitution is now "jsing
complied with. A discussion of San Fran
cisco"6 water question is therefore timely, and
in my humble opinion Is of great importance.
San Francisco's Present Supply.
; Miss 'Anderson could not be shaken in
her statement that there was shooting on
tho'outsldci'otthecag. before' she left it. .
:*. She said ' that she and : Miss Anderson
were, fairly -"well acquainted. She knew
of 1 no entanglements or love affairs in
which Miss Anderson was concerned; and
was . inclined .to -believe • her " companion's
story v that the conductor and [gripman
.were responsible for the shooting.
, . Miss Anderson's^8ister and brother, live
at J 527.' O'Farrelli street, but they, had not
been located by ,the~police up' to an early
hour. ,* : Miss } Louise • Meyer, who Is,' alao
a Swedish girl working fora family that
lives: near, the Snell; home; accompanied
the wounded woman to", the hospital. Miss
Meyer saldTthaT7«he1 knew ; of s no , person
who could have any. desire to put Miaa
Anderson out of the way. ¦ Miss Meyer
arid -Miss Anderson came here frorri Swe
den last October^ Miss Meyer talks very
good 'English.;
Kelatives Not Located.
v.Whlle Dr. Maher . was dressing her
wound' ; at . the" hospital Miss jAntlcr3on
said that she boarded, the" Hayes-street
car at Sixth street. She also; stated thi3
emphatically ; ; in .iher dying jstatement
made later to Assistant District Attorney
JohiriJ.' Greeley. Conductor John Wyatt
states positively that the woman got on
the car at the ferry,. but as Miss Ander
son says .that she had been,in attendance
at the \ Swedish church on Jessie ' street,
near; Sixth;, and '¦ that she < had; only left
her sister arid brother : a f ewj minutes be-'
fore,' the, conductor is probably mistaken.
was the victim of a footpad or. some'per
son", perhaps a lover, ;" whose- jealousy
proriipted him to -make an attempt, upon
her life.: . ',%\- '¦"¦ .' Jl
The theory of the -police at : an early
hour. this morning is that Miss Anderson
.Neither of the men knew of the.shoot
ing and wereta bed; when informed of it
by'a Call reporter..' The police are Inclined
to ; believe that the' woman was so badly
frightened that she <Joe3 not really .know
how the shooting occurred or that she is
trying to conceal . something. •
• On; the other hand her story" of the af
fair* in every particular save the implica
tion, of the car crew seems probable and
was given In a very coherent manner.
Knew Nothing of the Shooting.
She'stated that , she believed that' she
was. shot by .the gripman. Both gripman
and conductor were closely questioned by
the police, and they, could give no' reason
for such a statement except that the .wo
man'had become delirious as a result of
the wound. '.'
• 1 . ¦ ¦ — r- : — ;
Emergency Hospital ambulance and had
the woman removed tb t the" hospital. At
the" hospital Miss Anderson, .through Po
liceman Nelson, who acted as Interpreter,
made some ; startling : statements iniplica
ting - the crew ; of the car ' on which she
rode, but which Chief Wittman and Cap
tairi Seymour discredit entirely, j
TI1E HAGUE," Feb.' 16.— Messrs. Wolma
rens arid . Wessels r salled for New Tork T ori
board ; the , Holland-American steamship
Jiner. from Boulogne on* February 14. Their
trip to the United!" States was decided
upon at a~conf erence held at the house of
Mr. 1 Kruger on February 12. ' Wolmarens
and. Wessels' intend i to. tour the, United
States in the interest of ; thejBoers.
: LONDON, . Feb.; 16.— In a f dispatch* from
Amsterdam the .correspondent ' of r the
Daily Mail^ says Mr! ; Kruger expects fa
vorable, results .; from*- the .: tour the
United States of Wessels and Wolmarens,
and that they intend to.exploit the diplo
matic ; disclosures In the matter, of [ the
Spanish-American , war ¦ dispute.
'¦¦ PARIS, Feb. 16.^— The Temps', irir an au
thorized note, 6ays that only "Vyessels arid
"VVolrnarens, of _~ trie _ ; Boer ¦ delegates'.', in
Europe,"; have sailed for the United States
arid that Fischer ;• remains In Brussels.
The note says the journey ; of Wessels and
Wolmarens has ,rio, : object;
that it'/simply- appeared necessary that
they . enter Into direct . relations with the
pro-Boer committees in the TJnited States
.with a view, to mutual understanding and
organization. , San Francisco will, be one
of the: cities, visited: by; the -Boer agents."
MISSION; . OFKEUGEE'S AGENTS '¦
structed on » wron« principle. Its projectors
believed that sufficient rain water I could be.
caught and stored In the San Mateo Mountains
for the needs of San Francisco for .' years to
come. But they made a sad mistake. Millions
of dollars have been spent on the peninsula
reservoirs, yet for the last five years they have
yielded practically no n«w, water. Five years
agro the reservoirs were full, . now they are
about one-sixth full. The lessened rainfall of,
the last five years has been a severe blow to
the agricultural regions of the. State, but* even '
more to the Spring Valley Water Works. That
company Is compelled . to draw 'on the stored
water of the peninsula reservoirs to a greater
extent # than the inflow, while its other sources
of supply are not sufficient for the .present'
needs of San. Francisco, let alone Its' future'
necessities. The water company Is like a man
who has money In bank and . a small j Income
from his business, but whose expenses are
theater than this income. He has to draw
on the bank to keep going, and the question
Is, How long will it be before he Is bankrupt?
In like manner, the Spring \ Valley ; Water
Works has been drawing on the peninsula res
ervoirs for five years, and its capltal-f-for wa
ter is Us capital— has been gradually lessened. .
The company has been making great efforts
In the meantime to stay the drain on its stored
water by increasing its. supply' from other
sources. It has spent, and is spending, mil
lions in Alameda; it "has r-wntly been using
the polluted water of * Lobos Creek, poisoned
with the drainage/from sewers, hospitc'is , and
graveyards, but was compelled to stop by the?
last Board of Supervisors; and it is'now build-,
ing & trestle out In the middle of Lake Merced "•
About 11:30 last night a "suspicious look
ing rcharacter boarded J a McAllister-street
car at - Central ) avenue.' . Gripman -' J. R.
Mlrito; noticed ."that the man" washout' of
breath > as , if • he had been; running quite a
distance ; arid \ spoke to Conductor j Upton
about ; lt.>i He V walked Into 'trie ¦ car 'arid
acted "Very 'nervously.: all: during/the trip"
to ? town. The •' stranger> rode on -' the^car
until It reached the'ferry, where hie alight
ed and ran . up s East*: street and -'took ; a
* jackson-street ' car. V-The police ! believe lie"
'might'be theTmari who shot .the' woman.'; '".
"As soon as Miss 'Anderson staggered, i'n-
; t q; thel house" Mrs. : Snell;. and , her, husband
put ! her ; in bed arid " telephoned , at once" for
Drs. Shiels arid Cross. ¦;, Upon .their ; ' arrival
¦ at /.the^b'o'ujiqV\tiieg*-\telep^pu'e'a^fo^ jyie'
Suspicious Character on •: Car.'
> '. Chief f of \ Police -"Wlttman ¦' and Captain
Seymour,; who live in the 'neighborhood;
of the -shooting, !were sumriioned '¦ at ; orice
and police; headquarters ( was also noti
fied. Detective 'Jerry, Dinan was • detailed
to '\ go at*, once .', to ; the scene, and _ he as
sisted Chief /VVittman arid Captain ": Sey/
mour 'inithe. search, for:' the; man' who
did thetshbotirig^ He" notified all : the po-^
lice t offlcersValong » the line jto be on \ the
alert' 'for 'suspicious^characters, .but' up to
an early hour ! this .mornirigV no arrests
.were smade.; ; •., ' . ' . »
Miss Anderson- tried, to run away, but
the man 'grasned' ; her \ by. the throat . and
placing^. the pistol hie : carried in his hand
up to' her side pulled !the trigger arid fired.
The J wounded- servant girl i cried /out * in"
agony aridlthe , footpad, if footpad it was,
became . frightened : and - ran [ away. She
then staggered on' a few feet up thestreet
'to the : Snell* horned;/ ;'
Says She Heard; Shot ,
" Miss, Anderson says "that when the car
arrived \ at ; the : corner of Ashbury and
Hayes ; streets; she heard a shot the
dummy/'; She . became frightened and ran
out of the : car, and started down Ashbury
street"- to • the \ Snell ¦ home. \ She had only
gone a few steps when a man wearing a
mask and; a fain;' coat accosted; her and"
said, "Come here," ' or "Where are ¦ you
going?!' - , ;
.. Gripman f. ¦ L.» Jones and Conductor
John . Wyatt ,7 who-, manned the car , : sta te
that ! they let j the woman off J the ; car at
Ashbury street. They did 'not j hear any
shootlngv y . : " ¦ : ; ' "¦ ' - : :".';"
~"£"1^ gi fllir :"p tt'li rf* have ' .Imqtrier "^'mystery *
¦J-',- ¦ ; on their h^daJv^lA^nle'Aiderspn,'
B , a : serVat)t ? «frl ; ' in ? the Employ- of
;" JL : "was""sh6t^d6-wn*. by".'an unknown:
, - ;..' '-Vv'man,' ' ''^presumably.; , a -.footpad,
shortly before 10 o'clock last night almost
within the shadow Vof the home .of the
family- 'for^ whom-; she worked. No ap-'
Varent motive "for the \ crime \ exists. . The
"bullet * entered" the; left side 'and passed
through the ; lungs .and; the physicians say
it will - probably prove fatal:',The wounded
Woman staggered ?al6ng;the street and
succeeded in • getting to the door of the
Snell home." She rang "the bell; and when
' Mrs.^ Snell> opened ' the * door "the ; bleeding
victim of the unknown aasassin| fell head
long into the hallway, v .\
, Miss Anderson, who is' about 32 years of
age, ; recently; came r from ;« Sweden. v She
'does not talk English and could give little,
information that .would > lead to - the , iden
tity: of i. the ; niari ; who shot .her.;- At . the
Receiving Hospital,. where she\was taken,
Miss Anderson" made : a j ran^>ling, r^state
merit,' in j which she 'said {that i either l : the
conductor or, the grlpman >. of;Uhe".Hayes
street ¦'¦ car " on which she "rode from' Sixth"
street to the "scene" of the shooting had
fifed the shot.
•LONDON, ; Feb.- 16.-Lord Kitchener in
addition to reporting, the KJip River af
fair, '-^ ..*¦;;- ..¦-.;
; -."A' party ;¦ from the"' South 'African, con- .
stabulary . line": on' the Watervale River en
countered on 1 -February; 10 J a' superior,
force of- the* eneni'y ' near^, Varitondorsbek
."^Acuordlrje ' to'JfJr*apecial < :'drapatch**' Trofn
Pretoria the 'mounted' infantrymen' who'
were trapps£f : at?Kllp rtlyer;,jvere,all,°£re8^
froni home, and .-unused Ho Boer tactics.
The bulk of ; the : casualties occurred'dur
ing the . retreat'; ;of .-the * British.^ ¦' Thel
killed' included:; Major < Dowell,' the .com
mander of the force. ,.
;','¦ PRETORIA, Febi' IS.— One hundred fand
fifty '"mounted".' Infantrymen /while patrol
ling- the i Klip? River, ; south of Johannes
burg;", : on February^ 12 'surrounded a; farm
bouse where-they suspected B oers Tv-ere In
nidlng.~' A single , Boer broke: away: from'
the house^and' the: British started to pur
sue him./ The Boer "climbed ' a kopje,- the
British following.-*' Immediately a 'heavy,
fire was^opene'dvupdn "them :from;. three
sides. - The British " found themselves in •' a
trap and in a position where, they!.,were
unable to make any defense.,:;; ' ,. ¦ .
;• Eight of the British' officers madeja gal
lan> effort- and -defended [ the ridge -with
carbines ( and revolvers -untlli they {were
overpowered. .The\British lost two offi
cers and ten men killed and several offi
cers and/forty. men before ;the
force was able 'to fall "back under cover of
a blockhouse. * ¦ : V' '_ "• ',
Fugitive , Lures; Mounted Force Into
a Position . on Three •
-.- •.-.; • Sides^by Hidden 1 '
. .'Patriots.
Briti sh Lose K.T welyet Killed
v r and; More^Than" Forty
-Wounded.
Pursuit ; ; of : a ; Single
Burgher : Ends in
Cowardly Deed I- Employer's
* Home-- 1 Police Hurrv to Scene but Up to a Late Hour Fail to Find
: piew to Woman's Assailant and She Makes Dying Statement
BOER LEADS
THE ENEMY
INTO TRAP
ANNIE ANDERSON IS vAGGOSTED BY
THUG, WHO SPEEDS BULLET THROUGH
HER BODY WITHOUT APPARENT MOTIVE
MASKED ASSASSIN SHOOTS SERVANT
GIRL AND MYSTERY SHROUDS CRIME
yoLyaiL xc1.~Nu.7k
The San Francisco Call.'The Helene, went., down 'after a three
days' battle" with the sea. : She leffNcw
York for Liverpool 'on January 19 with a
cargo of naphtha, at $30,000.- On
the morning -;of * January, 31 : the ship en
countered A the ¦, hurricane;; and .for „ three
days 3 the i crew : fought , to » keep >. the ship
afloat,'; five ¦ of . the crew t having succumbed
to •- exhaustion ; before • the : end ; of i the sec
ond < day.'. For ;; thirty-eight houra the
eighteen ', men r aboard , worked "without
food; pumping water. from : the hold." What
food escaped the water was ¦¦ saturated
'•; GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 16.— The head
line steamer ; .Torrehead : arrived in . port
to-day -with a : shipwrecked 'crew of eight
een men..: Captain H." Kohlsadt. master . of
the ship* Helene, f which_.went to pieces In
a • hurricane on; February .3 in latitude
37 13 north and longitude 40 43, Is included
in the. shipwrecked s crew. - '
Down After Three Days' Battle
With. & "; Hurricane.
Ship "Loaded With Naphtha \ Goes
STEAMEB FICKS •OrFCEEW
> ; OF .THE WRECKED" HELENE
BRISTOL, Tenn., Feb. 16.— Thirteen
young: men have been convicted of the
murder of "Jack" Osborrie ' In Russell
County, Virginia, last' Christmas, and
sentenced to '; the penitentiary. King,
Jphn, Wilson and Thomas Rhea,' broth
ers,:, were sentenced to eighteen years
each: Charles and Ban Hall, brothers
eighteen years each: Walter and ¦. Joseph
Hess, brothers, sixteen years each-
Jam^s Green and Thomas Ball, brothers
five years each;' James Puckett, nv«
years; John Henry Hess, a brother of
Walter and Joaeph Hess, one year. '•
THIRTEEN YOUNG MEN
CONVICTED OF MURDER
Stockton, Sacramento and San Joaa
Receive the, Benefit of Abun
dant Downpour.
1 STOCKTON, Feb. 16.— The sky has been
overcast all afternoon, and to-night a
heavy rain set in with good Indications
for plenty.' • '
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 16.— Rain was re
ported last night all through the vaBey,
and rain, thunder and lightning clear to
the summit, making It likely.- that -much
of the small quantity of snow remaining
there would be washed away. , ¦-.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 18.— A heavy southwest
gale thia afternoon gave way Just before
dark to a sharp shower. It- has rained
steadily since, and at 9 o'clock there are
good indications for a continuance.
H£AVY , RAIN FAXLS v
IN FARMING REGIONS
¦with naphtha. The Torrehead, havirfs
steered I2Q miles out ot its course to avoid
the hurricane, came across the Helene.
which was sinking rapidly, aml-beit+p^—
leaving: his vessel Captain Kohlaadt fired
the Helene and she sank. In ten minutes.
The crew of -the Helene were brought to
Galveston and delivered to -the German
Consul here. - All but four have recovered,
from their awful experience and they are
now out of danger.. • ¦
In: conclusion,. I again repeat ' that ; our hope
lies In ¦ Mayor Schmitz. . Let him remove these
Commissioners and make a simple, efficient and
practical ' Board of Public ; Works out ' of . the
present " exemplars . of red tape and - officialism,'
and he will deserve and will receive the thanks
not only I of the ¦ advocates of public ownership
but of: all citizens who 'desire, a capable and
efficient government.' v$SSBHHB»
Our hope is -In Mayor Schmitz. His public
utterances show him to be cautious and con
servative on "the sublet of municipal owner
ship. • He believes that. San Francisco should
have Its own water supply. He also believes
that public , servants should earn their salaries
and -that public work ; should be performed
Bpeedll" l and well. « Let us hope that he will
find his way clear, to exercise the power that
the charter places ; in his hands : and removes
the two Commf ssionera of Public Works who
are . rsponslble for the delays in ¦ public work
and for the complexity of affairs in the depart
ment over which they ' preside.' By putting
plain, : . practical, earnest and faithful .' men , in
their places • the • Board of - Public Works may
become what .the; charter framera Intend It to
be, an efficient : arm of the civil government.
But as long as the, two Commissioners referred
to continue In office the Board of Public .Works
Will continue to be Inefficient, dilatory, extrav
agant and incompetent.^ "Any plans for the ex
penditure of - millions of the people's money
will have to be strongly supported by Independ
ent and . practical men ' before it will * receive
public confidence: - ; ': ..= . "_'/ . • " .. -j ¦
-.Certainly the project of:bringlng in the wa
ters of Tuolumne at a cost greater by millions
than any ¦ other ¦ engineer has ¦ ever estimated
will s not be accepted on ; the • unsupported au
thority of this discredited Board of Public
works.^MPQM«£BnMnmtop*amKaHra8a(
Mayor Schmitz.
. Incompetent— "Hope ; deferred _maketh the
heart sick." This Ions delay has nearly dash
ed the hopes of the friends of public ownership.
When we examine the preliminary work of the
Board of Public Works we find that they have
raised the figures- of- their own subordinates
by $10,000,000: that . they -have planned the
most costly and difficult system to be Imagined;
that they have . refused ¦ to accept suggestions
from other engineers, and altogether* have con
ducted themselves in ' a way to excite opposi
tion and lack ¦ of confidence and induced the
charge of incompetence, which is bruited about
on every hand. '
r Dawdling— ;<3cly yesterday we read of the dil
atory.- work of tha Bureau .of '. ¦ engineering.
That finely. organized xtepartment: has been flu
able ¦ to ". make plans -for -the connection "of "a
side "sewer with the main sewer within three
months after the application had been made.
But the dwadling characteristics of this body
of engineers is -most clearly shown In the In
excusable delay In making the plans and esti
mates of the cost of the various public utilities
as required by the charter. The charter pro
vides in article xii, section l; that v within one
year from January 8.' 15)00. plans and estimates
of the actual cost of the original construction
and completion by the city and county of water
works and the various other public utilities
therein . named. More than - two years have
passed and still the mandate of ' the charter
has not been complied with. The City En
gineer promised to the Supervisors to com
plete the plans for the water works long ago.
He - promised . that all the .plans should be in
by November, and again, that -all should be
in before the end of the year, but- still the
work is 'incomplete. In the meantime, Claus
Spreckels haa decided to huild a gas plant. ha«
had his plans and estimates made, and his
work half done. .yjgOCtfjn&f^iSA**^ •
Two years ago a company of capitalists made
an offer to bring la the waters of Lake Tahoe.
A. M. -Hunt was -consulting, engineer in that
project. He went over the figures and. told me
personally that the figures .were absolutely safe
and that he had verified them. -This Mr. Hunt
is Mr. . Spreckels' engineer and is said to re
ceive a salary of $10,000 - a, year. • His report
was made inside : of ¦ a month. Mr. Gruasky
has had two . years, and has not yet made his
figures public.:.-. It r takes . the City Engineer
over -two years ", to -do, what Mr. Hunt did In
one month, t He and the Board of Public Works
have expended over $50,000 with almost barren
results.
expressed their disapproval of it?, muddy water,'
based oh personal Inspection.. ¦' r ¦ " ¦ .
A remedy was proposed at the last bession
of the Legislature by a constitutional amend-
BXf the Board of Supervisors ,1s true to the
people, their acts are rendered nugatory by the
dilatory tactics of the water company.. If they
betray the people, a higher rate Is fixed than
is right, which enables the company to issue
more watered stock. This is disposed of to
innocent purchasers, and when an honest in
quiry is again set on foot, the company's
agents eay "Protect our stock and bonds."
But where has the money gone from the sale
of these bonds and stock? We know that
the Spring Valley Water Works is overcapi
talized by millions of dollars, but if every
Board of Supervisors was to expert the books
and operations of the Spring Valley Water
Works they would hardly have time to attend
to any other business. So I cay that the only
remedy for the high charges, the overcapitali
zation and the corrupt practices of the Spring
Valley Water Works, *ls municipal ownership.
Proposed ConstitutionarAmendment.
But if they decide, out of the maze of per
plexing data hurled at their devoted I heads, that
the people are being robbed and proceed to paps
an ordinance lowering rates, the water com
pany sues out an injunction and keeps the suit
alive until a new and more subservient board
is elected to office. That was the course pur
sued by the Contra Costa -Water Company over
in Oakland, and will be the ¦ course of the
Spring Valley Water Works in case the present
Board of Supervisors follows in the steps of
the last board. Even now the company has a
suit in the United States Circuit Court to
nullify the last water ordinance. - ..
Overcapitalised by Millions.
The public control of public utilities is a
failure. Observe it in operation in fixing water
rates. Every two years a new Board of Super
visors wrestles with the water question, and
its members are pitted against the veteran
Schussler. That wily diplomat cajoles, flatters,
threatens, bluffs — is all things to all Super
visors that some votes for the water company
may be saved. The Supervisors are wearied
with figures on depreciation and appreciation.
on land values and water rights, on the coet
at operation and duplication, and the Lord
knows what. . .
Moral Delinquencies Worst.
Passing from a consideration of the physical
shortcomings of ¦ the Spring Valley .Waier
Works to its moral delinquencies, we find the
latter most pronounced. The Spring Valley
Water Works is a private company. Its busi
ness is to get the most out of the people of
tian Francisco for the least return. During the
torty odd years of its existence it has been
tbe chief malefactor in corrupting tbe public
service of San Francisco. During the past two
years the weighty arguments which it has
been accustomed to use have not been of avail,
not because of any qualms of conscience on the
part of its managers, but because the Super
visors have In very truth been the representa
tives of the people. The Spring Valley Water
Works has always been, and, as long as it
continues a power hi this community, will be,
ready to pay money for higher rates than it
it entitled to receive. It has lpng been the
habit of the people to judge of the character
of the lioard of Supervisors by the vote on the
water ordinance in February after they enter
office. I trust that the present board will be
true to the people, but there stand the emis
saries of the Spring Valley Water Works
tempting them to forsake the path of recti
tude, offering more for a favorable vote than
the (salary of a Supervisor for his entire term
of office. We are taught to pray that tempta
tion be removed from us, but if the Super
visors of San Francisco be not led into tempta
tion, the power of the Spring Valley Water
Works must be broken, and that can only be
by public ownership of our water supply.
euli will be free enough from human habita
tion and the resulting refuse of its springs and
i-i reams to furnish water tit for household pur
poses."
And again on December 31. The Call said:
•'It is well known that during the last two
j-c-ars the Spring Valley Company has been
tevcrlly strained to meet the usual demands
upon it. The reservoirs in Ban Mateo County
are now at a very low point, the lowest for
years, and another dry winter will tax the
powers of tbe company to its utmost. These
lacts are published because every resident ol
the city U vitally interested in this water
«;uestion."
The Uistributlng system of the Spring Valley
Water Work* is very bad. The chief engineer
r,i the Fire Department testified last year be
lore the Board of Supervisors that many of
the mains were too small to carry water rap
idly enough in case of large fires -in the city:
that if two large fires should ever occur af
tiie same time, many of the flre engines would
be obliged to stand idly by, unable to pump
water because of the insufficient sire of the
mains eupplyfhg water to the fire hydrants.
j! >? The ¦ very < worst » that 7 can , be said - of : the
Bulletin Is • the : fact-thati it : solicits ?advertise
ments lend = gives special I notices to I abortionists
and prostitutes. . • Ministers ' of ' the : gospel .have
¦protested ; to 1 Mr.i Crothers<cyet . he > r«f uses to
take ; out v. the » advertisements. 1 1 '¦ hold '-' In 1 my
hand? the \issue' of thei> Bulletin "of last; Friday.
.Underi the.; titleiotu-VSpeclal" Notices'-' ithlrty
nine t.women of; the ; town ' advertise \ their • call "
ing in suggestive phrases.'.jEvery'one of these
thiity-hlne vadvertisers i has -been i investleate<3 '
..with the result that 1 they, are all I common 1 pros
titutes,^ known 3; to i be « such * by,: Mr. s Crothcrs.
,Thlnk of ,the distance j from; Fitch ,to Crothers-^-
JromUheiBulietinjof : yesterday,, to : : the ;BplleUn
of to-day, i-lsj there /crawling iwithin ithe limits
of. the ,-dty . arid : county ¦ of : 8an ! Francisco f any.
thing more nauseous and degraded than the
"boughten, Bulletin,'.'.; or* its; corrupt proprietor,
hypocritically pretending to be; for decency and
,good v government 7. •'" ¦-- ¦ ¦- ' '• n -• ¦
VA I. • use:, the ' Bulletin •' as 'the .: type of polluted '
Journalism,^ because- It Hs;theTchief;offender,in
San • Francisco. ¦ but prostitute : Journalism 1b
jViNd-'teBS't a, person;' than .-Mr. Dohrmann ' Jex
preaident ;.of -.the-»Tj;erchants'.- Association. r was
compelled" .tolcair a.Tfieetlngjdf the merchants
to 'take;- measures ,.to" resist blackmail at the
•hands, of, th"e- Bulletin. •'••:-.""¦•'.¦ "-.¦-;
< ' Lately one of • the editors , of the : Bulletin
went to the manager of / the Kmporlum' and de
manded ¦ advertisement 1 to I the • extent I of $5000, :
and,' beingv. refused, %. threatened "to , !use : the
political . pull of ¦ the paper to procure . the ', pas
sage > of adverse 'legislation which; would', cost
the, store" mueh'more than $5000. ' The demand
was ; refused, to: the. credit of; the merchants of
San t Francisco. ;.:;, /r-,,. ¦ '::. -•.,.- ¦•,.-¦¦ ..
W^erc; Sin- AdVextises - Its Wares.
¦ It-was not-unitl last year that Its blackmail
ing 'propensities '.became- -notorious- and <ludi-'
crous. : -The -".Boughten -Bulletin" ; was known
to be a. prostitute, but itslack of principle was
never eo . wa ntonly exhibited. ¦'- As - is \ t well
kniwvn the . Vboughten Bulletin" first came out
strongly for Tobin • for 1 Mayor. : . It v demanded
of ittiePhelan, machine $10,000 for^ a continu
ance , of that support,/ which • price was ; counted
high "by I that admirable.1 coterie of I Democratic
politicians. > But. the "boughten Bulletin"/ wad
not * able r to. stay bought ; >. the ¦ ' 'lease ¦ had I ex
¦pired,"-:and. It. went- over to one ofiMr.iTobln's
opponents,., whose cause.'Jt thereafter (Supported
with Industry. at. the agreeable price of $7500,
paid, -by/ the- corporations ;of / San i • Francisco.
Mr. -- Crothers ¦ struck a^ bargain : with I a candi
date -f6r .; -another office'-. at» satisfactory terms
, to ¦ each.-, -but i a '¦ few days ;• later ' Informed 7 the
candldatev.' that ' hW-Hval / offered more, money.
And iwT.the; deal ,was- off. h Itvls a well- known
fact ! that the Bulletin 'holds up : candidates', for
office , at 1 elections •. in r. this : town i and demands
money; as . the :. prjee -,of support : pr.i immunity,
.from .attack. ...I: cite -jthese » Instances :• drawn
from -politics,, simply .because the- proof : 13.'ab
solutely, convincing. ••; The Bulletin . la a . com
mon^.strumpet.^ Itfis: a", pity-'that; it •: has: in
fluence, or, an; extensive circulation. ;' It is the
duty ' of ' every^eopd * citizen minimize? its
pernicious C- influence, andi expose.- Its -coiTUpt
practiceft,', because • not'. only : in , politics,', but ¦- in
the business, world- as • well, • the Bulletin black
malls ; and,-. thrives.' ? .• »¦ ¦- -¦-.--» ' , /
r ¦ -Influence "of Spring Valley.
,. : The* Spring': Valley .TjVater" Works is a rich,
powerful and'. unscrupulous, corporation. It is
one of the; chiet members ot what Arthur Mc
13wen'so happily described as the "Associated
.Villainies.".. It is using and will use- every
kind of influence to defeat municipal owner
ship, , and there are many powerful factors in
molding public oplni6n ; that ¦ are only too anx
ious to bemused. If they be well paid. ' \ There
are; the purchasable -politicians • and., the- pur T
chasable press. 'The' purchasable .press la .a,
danger factor against the people's Interests. . .
'. < The morning papers -In- San Francisco are dis
tinctly, independent 7 "and- especially courageous..
We. may. each have our favorites, and we may
acknowledge that they are not perfect, but they
certainly are not purchasable./ . . '. . ' \
', 'The purchasable press of San ' Francisco that
will 4 sell its 5 birthright ; of independence for. a ,
mess ¦ of pottage at the- hands of " the . Spring
Valley Water Works is mostly confined' to the
weakly- publications, -which are, not worth men-,
tlonlng., 'But the chief 'offender is, the -.San,
Francisco Bulletin. ."-Tjiat'- paper -under > the'
management .-.of • George ; K.I Fitch > pursued . an
independent' and: honest career in San-Fran
cisco .Journalism and .had /a powerful influence'
in -.this ..community.".- But under his successor,'
R.: A, Crothers, the -San Francisco Bulletin I Is
the scarlet . woman of Juornaiism.. It -will be
any one's mlstressfoT a day, ; if paid its price.'
It-is a notorious '.fact that for. the past several'
years- the Bulletin- haa supported a prominent
Democratic- statesman, I lately n-etired from - ac
tive. political life. ; AUlast Its support became
lukewarm. and finally. changed to a;well-direct
ed : blackmailing . roast.. , The .'statesman's : ex
planation of the -phenomena has become famous
in. local journalism. -It was that, .'.'the lease
haa "expired."" A In .* jthe local campaign * two
years- ago' the . Bulletin took money • from * the
backers of- the: Republican ' and > ¦ Democratic
nominees for District Attorney, and ; supported ¦.
each. with mdlfferent Justice in the same-issue'
of the paper. ¦.-,.¦¦ -..*¦.¦- • :.,',.-¦. ,¦-./--
.-.The, (investigations,, of '. th«..Supervlsors<rshow
that .the 'best, of sources -of supply from, which
the city" has to • choose are the Tuolumne'and
;ihe North Fork of the American rivers. . Elec- 1
.trie companies are. even now considering propo
sitions to u'tfliie' the waters of these streams,
and it behooves the city to be up and doing.
"'•But the chief difficulties in the way of,mu
nicipal ownership of San-F.ranclsco's water sup
ply, are the Spring Valley /.Water Works . and
the Board of Public 'Works 'and /its City En
gineer.; . ' . '\i ¦-..} t'i ¦ .:.- . ¦:¦¦• • .
. . .. _-. -. —— ; . -\ . .¦
• The* practical difficulties are many. The dis
tance to the Sierras is great, but other cities
have had to .go farther. The Spring Valley
Water Works has lines extending fitty miles
and it is only a matter of detail to. go 14(1
.miles, -which will enable us to ' draw on '¦ the
snow clad .; mountains of Eastern California.
Then* there- are -the crossings of the marshes
Of the SanJoaquin or Sacramento rivers, the
tunneling, . of- the, Straits ¦ • of Carqulnez, the
crossing ,of yVltamount Pass. . and . the • bay of
'San Francisco, -..according to- the .routes pro
posed. I j But all these are matters j of detail.
Similar difficulties have been met and con
quered in other parts of the world. - - • -
. .Many of the", best: sources of supply . have
been, taken up," as ' for. Instance 'the South , Fork
of the American .'River and the Blue -Lakes at
•.the head* of the' Mbkelumne, .whose waters are!
used; for 1 th$ .development at electrical ,- power
for private eampantes. ~'-jA ' •"- ¦ ""• •¦"• '• "v ' '• *•
». ,The plan of the 'freeholders was .that jtho
cost'of all public utilities should be first ascer
tained,; and - the plans : and estimates for* ac
quiring them -; filed. ? before , any., one : should "i be
submitted ; to : the ' people." :' Only ¦ in *• that : way
could; it be ascertained which public.' utility .'It
would : bo . most ; advantageous 1 for : the ' ; people * to
take over ' first:/- If might be • the ' water* sup
ply; lt>might-be; the telephone : system ; r or i It
might be an electric light : plant. s-. ; Not; until the
cost . of i each • one was ¦ ascertained .<" would *, the
Supervisors ; or the"- people " be T in •; &\ position ; to
Intelligently choose the ¦ one " to > construct > first.
,The.: charter ¦ in section' 2 ¦ says : . "After i such
plans " and . estimates shall . have -been ' procured
and i filed".' the Supervisors : may; submit i the ac
quisitton of any given utility- to thepeople.tbut
the' City and County. Attorney ; has : rendered an
opinion that < before all ; of such plans ' and : esti
mates : shall have been filed It is proper to ¦ pro-^"
ceed'.wlth any, one. provided that the- plans ana
estimates | for | that [ particular 1 utility . had • been
filed.''. My attention was called to this provision
by several lawyers whose ' opinion ' carry weight
in i this community.-;, and ' I ¦ endeavored \ to 5 have
the Supervisors beware of this stumbling, block
in the .way ' of public , ownership. {¦'- The .reckless
course ' ' Is being ': pursued. C. howpver.1- and (the
question of submitting some of. the publicutil
ities; is s being: pushed ¦ forward • before ¦ the : char-^
ter i requirements i have been ; complied - wlth. u >-:. y
•'. It the reasonlnR outlined above Is correct anv
bond- Isiue' for., the ' acquloltloh ' of . public ) utili
ties , would ¦. be", void! ; ;* So you » see ; that I we ¦ have
technical ; difficulties 1 to ¦ be i met 'i and ; then * we
have , practical ' difficulties j as I welt 3&>fa}£MBMiaL
The last . bond . issue for < public : improvement
was declared void because of the haste ; and
obstinacy ¦ or its friends. : Dr. Edward R Tav
ivfn,? 0 !? 16 ! OUt to , Mr ' Phelan that th « i lately
adopted- charter . forbade • the procedure ¦", that
™h I" t S° l 0Wed * nd be KS ed that the charter,
£? «h™ mI law « whlch cnarter had repeal!
ed. should be lollowed. . But ihe friends or the
charter prererred to follow the , old laws "with
what^amentable results you are familiar -
Again the proponents of public improvements
ara-uaking steps lookins to avoid iSsue. and in
my humble Judgment are "„ running directly
counter to the provisions of the : charter. '-- The
charter provides that the Supervisors must pro
cure, plans ' and - estimates | of ' the - actual ( cost
or tne original construction and completion by
the city and county of water works. K as; works
electric light works, -; steam; water or - electric
power , works, telephone ; lines,', street railroads,
and such. other public utilities. as the Super
visors or the people by petition ' to the board
may . designate. (Article 12,. section 2, of- the
charter.),. ,., , .' ¦ .. ..-..¦ ¦•?'.;¦¦¦<
It is next presided '. that '•¦ "after such plans
and estimates shall have been . procured i and
filed the Supervisors shall • enter . into ¦ negotia
tions for thepermanent acquisition by. original
construction,', condemnation or purchase' of' such
or any of said public utilities as they, may re
gard most important." (Article 12. sectlon>2 "of
the charter.) • ¦ . . .»• ¦ ;^.: . .-^ .
Cnarter .Technicalities^
, : But If we -are to seriously, consider public
ownership of a water supply to San Francisco,
what water supply will we choose to acquire?
Can we afford to buy the Sprlngi Valley Water
Works? There is no doubt that that company
has splendid reservoir sites and has control
of - all the : nearby sources of ' supply, yet . the
city should not think of dealing with the Spring
Valley Water Works. Not only Is it overcapi
talized beyond reason, but its supply is made-:
quate not only for the distant future;* but for'
our, immediate needs. ¦ We must • go ¦ to .the
Sierras as a matter of • necessity. Besides the
crystal waters of the Sierras > will be of in
estimable - value to San . Francisco. • - A pure
supply of water is like beautiful' streets and
parks, which attract population and render the
city . healthful as well as attractive. But the
way of acquiring pure water the Sierras
is long, and arduous. First there are the •
' • If ~ we '¦ compare San Francisco ¦ with New
Tork we' find that San Francisco is built on
a neck of land -very much like New; York.. Its.
t water supplies are drawn from about the same
distance .as. is the water^of New Torfc -, New-
Tork has been obliged to buy up entire' water
sheds in order-to keep..the..sjipply pure, and in
many other ways" the comparison between -New-
Tork and San Francisco is fair. New York
has always publicly owned ; its . own : water eup- ,
ply. It has been the hotbed of political', ma
nipulation, not' to use a stronger ' term, ' yet
in New York the cost of water, is seven times
cheaper than In San Francisco. Furthermore,
the New Tork system. -is a fertile source of
revenue for the Government.; After paying op
erating expenses, interest and " other standing
charges of the water system New Tork City de
rives a large revenue to be applied l to the or
dinary expenses of goyernrrfent. r -• : ¦•\:>
The reasons for this' are not hard to see. Thi'
private corporations In the • United States . thar
manage our public utilities as a rule have not
a dollar Invested by their promoters. The ma
nipulators of these corporations manage to.is
sue watered stock and bonds to the extent of
millions of dollars. The ; people ' have to • pay
enough for the services rendered to make ; a
handsome return not only upon the real money
invested, but upon the fictitious values aa
well. That is why charges y are high in the
private corporations.' .; .¦ '• ",'-.;-
I was able to show, during the water investi
gation of .1900 from the books of Ae, Spring
Valley Water Works, and the testimony of- its
own witnesses, that of the/ $26,777,000 of its
stocks and bonds upon which the city was pay-'
ing interest $4,303,701 80 - was fictitious . and
that only $22,411,2»8 20 was actually paid into
the treasury of the company. .1 also was. able
to. show, that the .¦cost of the property that was
actually being, used in supplying the city .with
water wagf $16,303,715 88. That corporation
is now suinarthe courts to obtain a valuation
of $35,000,000 for its property.; Is it any won
der that the, charges of the Spring Valley
ter Works are high when it is carrying such a
load of. fictitious values?-' Or is it any wonder
that the public ownership of : our' water supply
would result In lower rates? "¦¦ 1
Site Like That of New York.
• - - ' ' - K ' - ' * ' . ' i -
pal plants sell water to consumers cheaper
than private plants; that municipal plants pay
higher wages than private • 'plants. -' I can
riot go into the figures more f-extensively-.-.:thls
evening, but will rest my statement upon. the
report of Carroll D,: Wright, who; is. the great
est, living, authority upon statistics -in the.
United States. Whover desires to be more., far.
miliar with the facts upon which the conclu
sions., were based can. secure • the fourteenth
annual report of the Commissioner of Labor
by writing to^our Congressmen for It."
' The < report of .the .Unitert. States Commis
fiioner of Lahnr. Carroll D. "Wright. Issued De
cember 20. ',18a9,* poe« . into the ' subject of pub
lic, and private -ownership most .exhaustively.'
The conclusion* : derived : from ' investigations ; of
all the works- of the .United -States show
that : municipal plants produce .water : at • a ' less
cn«t lh»n lhr<> nrfvatolv n»-n«rt: that- municl-
• The experience! of • American municipalities
also demon*trates > that ¦ water ' *uoplieti :\ by
cities in cheaper than that'rupplted by private
cornoratlojis. , . Individual - - instances prove
nothinjr. but the average of all American cltlps
does. Quoting again from '."The Water Supply
of the City of New Tork, 1 ,* we find that "the
cost to th* consumer, is ¦> almost .always-: less
tinder public ¦ than under , private ; ownershiD.
The nvM-a^e .' cost i, per famllv : throughout ¦ tha
TInitM States Is for public." $21 55 1 for private."
$31 R2. That! Is.- privately supplied water costs
about 40 per rent more than ; that ; supplied by
municipalities." — "The W»ti»r; , Supply • of the
Cltvof-JCew Tork." page, 21.
- The advocates . of municipal ¦ ' ownership of
water euppUes rest firmly on the experience of
American cities. . We who advocate it in San
Francisco point to the '¦• experience .of- other
cities a* the justification for' our position.'
What all other- American cities are doing ts
surely wise for us to. do. ; ¦ ''¦¦"',
"At the close of 1806 there were in the
United States 3196 waterworks. Of these 1C.SK>
were -under public control. 1480 under . private
control, 12 were under 'Joint control and of 5
the ownership was .unknown: In other words.
Ill 1800 6.3. per cent were ¦ public. : 93.7 per. cent
were private. . In 1896 53.2 per cent were -pub
lic. 4<?.8 per cent were private." - 1.
"The . Water Supply of the . City of ; New
Tork." Published by the Merchants' Associa
tion of New Tork, page 20. . . £*?MEaBEMagMi
"In 1800 there were sixteen plants- In opera
tion Jn the United States, of. which fifteen were
private aijfl one public. . Since that time four
teen of the. fifteen have become public.
In this regard the Merchants' Association of
New Tork says: "The experience of other mu
nicipalities in the United States as well as in
other countries -- shows an almost ; continuous
tendency to substitute publicly owned wate'f
systems j for' private, a tendency / so persistent
and so universal and of . such j constantly in
creasing force, that the, wisdom, • In the pub-'
lie Interest, of the policy, of municipal; owner
ship and control of water , supply would seem
established by abundant '- experience. - ' ' ¦¦":¦:
The ownership of water supplies by cities is
justified by an appeal to experience and morals
— by business as well as. political principles.
If we - look to the experience of other cities
we find that of the fifty ' largest cities in the
United States only nine have water works un
der private control. cities are San Fran.
Cisco. New Orleans, Omaha. Denver, Indiana
polls," New Haven. " Paterson. ' Scranton - and
Memphis. Forty-one to nine is the judgment
of the American people in our largest munici
palities in favor of public ownership of water.
Municipal Ownership.
5. ¦ Highly Improved property and large
stocks of goods which are protected from de
struction by our flre department pay. no ade
quate water tax. . . v
I believe that there never. was a flner<exam
ple of unequal charges and unequal rights than
is furnished by our water ordinances. Hardly
any two citizens pay, at the same rate for the
same service. " and the : classifications are , not
based on any. principle. Municipal ownership
would place . the burden on all equally, and it
is the only ' effective remedy. ,
4. Vacant' lands pay no . water tax. ' If it
were not for the fact that, water caa be had.
unimproved city property would have little
value. The presence of water in the streets
gives unimproved property a large part of its
value, and such property should contribute to
the cost of maintaining a water system.
3. If the water company overcharges under
the flat rate, no' private consumer has the
right to a meter, but if the water company has
a dispute with a private consumer, it can put
in a meter whether the private consumer likes
it or not. . . . , • ' -
2. - Meter rates are fixed so that the - small
consumer pays nearly double what the large
consumer does. What would you think ot a
gas ordinance that fixed tbe rate for the small
consumer at ' t -' a thousand feet and for the
large -consumer $1 a thousand?. Such commod
ities as light and water, are supposed to be
furnished at a uniform- rate, yet the meter
rates for water are for -the smallest consumer
25 cents for 100 cubic feet, -.while for' tiie
large consumer it is 12 cents for the same
quantity.' The Market Street Railway Com
pany gets water for less than one-half what
is charged the small householder. ¦."¦¦¦¦¦¦ '-
If the Supervisors pass a lower rate the
company can increase its charges to meet tbe
cut. - ¦ ¦ . • . ..
1, The ordinance has a section (section • S)
which allows the water company to fix the
rates for stores, hotels, lodging-houses, etc.,
according to the estimated quantity used. The
company has the sole right of estimation, and
can raise rates at will within - the • limitation
named.
Before passing to the subject of municipal
ownership I would like to point out and -. em
phasize some of the shortcomings ot the pres
ent water ordinance, -which follows the torir.s
in use ' for years • past : .
ment which is to be voted on at the' election
tbia autumn, 'icis constitutional anit-naineiit
proposes to estaohsii a commission ut live viw
! are to eucceeu tn« Kailroaa Cozunussioa anu
uie iians Commission, and to Have entiro
chars e of trie nxing uf rates tor water, yaa,
trice U'ic'ty, teiepuonce and all otaer puunc util
ities. Titu cummiioion is nrst 10 be auyointed
by the Governor, but is thereafter to be elected
by districts, ban .Francisco .' is to have only
one of ilia live commissioners, ahnoutii it nai
one-uiira of tiie ¦ population of tne titate. and
lar more inan one-mird ot all tbe money in
vested in public utilities. Nothing could oe
much worse man ttie present tystcui o£ ilxlns
of water rates by* supervisors, yet tniij consti
tutional amendment will allow tiie-representa-'
tives of San Diego, .- SUkiyou and Milpitas to
lix trio -water rates of San Francisco, in" which
they have no 1 ossible interest, and wilt prevent
: a niunlcipility which owns its own water, works
from fixing its own - charges. - inus «ie&troylug
one of the, main incentives to municipal owner
ship. .1 The' election of commissioners by dis
tricts has never worked weil. -.The Kallroad
•Commission has been a failure largely on that
account. The remedy proposed is liable to Be
worse ' than the disease. . The constitutional
amendment should be voted down.
Had Features of Present Ordinance.
Wireless Message From the Sea.
LONDON, Feb. 16.— A message trans-
-Vl r ASHINGTON; .Feb/cie.-^While , Prince
Henry; is In the United States ;he - will j be
•.guarded municipal police,. by; American'
secret ; service agents % arid by detectives
detailed by" special order of Emperor =Wil-;
¦Ham./ There will'be, the closest co-opera
; tion between the ; German \ and .American
agents : to prevent ' harm befalling the dis
.tinguished visitor!. 1 It-is; not; proposed by
either v this or - tjie'i German^ Government
-. that an anarchist^'or-any' other; evil | dis
posed person shall' attempt an -assault
upon the Prince if it can -be avoided".
• There is reason to .believe.that the com
>mittee;.-which - has- ;been. 'considering-, the
itinerary of Prince 'Henry has 'given .con
sideration to this plans to :be adopted. for
the protection ,'of j theV Prince.: I The secret
service has. been consulted andi Chief Wil
kie has prepared 'a'; detail of men ,to ac
. company Prince /HenryT The committee
fully appreciates: the | deplorable a effect
which an attack ;upon the .Prince would
have, and every ' precaution possible will
ho taken to avoid such a: catastrophe. ...
German and American Secret Service
;.¦;,; y Agents Will Co-operate. '*:
TO GTJABJ>.- LITE OF PRINCE.
EX-SUPERVISOR REED DENOUNCES THE SPRING VALLEY COMPANY AND THE BULLETIN
John Ii. Shepard Very HI.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.—Representa
tative John L. Shepard of Texas is criti
cally ill with an attack of Ireart failure
a.nd kidney trouble.
', CAPTAIN PAEKER ASEIVES.
Comes'" to Take '• Charge of • the -Erape-"
ror's New Yacht.
: NEW YORK, opening day
¦of the .week in;! which Prince : Henry of
Prussia' is looked for; witnessed . the; ar
rival» of ¦' Captain Benjamin Parker, .who
has' come hereto take: the Emperor of ,
Germany's new yacht Meteor III to the
other . side : on her \ completion. Captain
Parker was accompanied by his> brother
apd mother, William Parker and'Mrs.' L.
Parker, v . . -' "
• Captain Parker is, cgnsidered_ one of:the
most expert yachtsmen" of England. For
many years he sailed the ; German": Em
p'eror's old .yacht, the Meteor, and won
many, races with her. In 1§99 he. was en-'
gaged by Sir Thomas Liptori. with Cap
tains Hogarth and Wringe, to take Charge
of "the Shamrock in her races ;here. i / '• •, .
; Thousands crossed North. River . to Ho 1 ;
bo ken to-day to take - a look . at the' im
perialyacht Hohenzollerh. Thousands of;
others traveled from New 'Jersey towns
with the same object in view, but owing
to the ironclad arrangements only a smai;
number managed to get aboard. . -
The regular Sunday [services prescribed
by the Lutheran Church ¦¦. took place on
the Hohenzollern at 10 o'clock : in '.' the
morning.* They; were conducted by Ad
miral von . Baudissin and we're ; attended"
by all the members of the. crew. At; : the
close' the commander of : - the -imperial
yacht prepared to carry; out 9 the ; ca'oled'
instructions from Emperor ¦ William ;to
place a'wreath on the tomb of Miss Beat-'
rice Goelet, . daughter of the late • Robert
Go'elet, and of Mrs. Harriet -Warren -, Goe
let, who died on February ; 10 of pneumo
¦ nia. The wreath .was quite darge and was :
¦bound'With brown and white silk. ribbon,
the . streamers ' of 'which were trimmed
with gold and bore the monogram of* the
Kaiser and the imperial crest. The wi-eath .
was delivered at the Hohenzollern at 11
o'clock and a few minutes later Admiral
von' Baudissin • in full uniform, accom-.
panied" by- his'-aid. Captain von-'-Osten,*
also in uniform,*, left for the Goelet hom.e,:
on' Fifth avenue. .The wreath was left- at
the residence and later carried .to ; Wood
lawn Cemetery and placea on the tomb by
two members of the Hnplet-- family wkn
out any ceremony. - .; .
While' the admiral was- away from, the
Hohenzollern, Captain von-Holleben ; 'and
Lieutenants Rebensburg and Seidensticker
were . entertained at the German/club
house in Hoboken. < : • ¦¦ ¦'¦;•'¦
The United German ¦ Societies for - the
In time Verrill will make a public scien
tific display. Tiiree of his pictures are of
fishes, the first showing black, yellow and
green. The second shows very small va
riations In tints and delicate shadings. In
the third photograph as many shades are
shown as are In mother-of-pearl. One Ber
muda, landscape scene shows the old-Wai
fcingham Palace, famed in connection
with Trtm Moore. This is Verrill's most
beautiful work and is highly prized by
Professor Verrill.
Three plates were copied from water colors,
the drawings being a gTOup of bright colored
Bermuda fishes which -were caught in Bermuda
x 5'ea.r or two ago when the Vale zoological
expedition was there. My eon was one of
that party. The pictures, as you observe,
show tints of sreen, blue, pink, purple, yellow
And orange. The picture of a Bermuda land
scape shows the -marked gray of rocks and the
various shades of green ot the foliage.
Professor Verrill to-day displayed the
live photographs first made by the pro
cess, which his son presented to him a.
lew days ago as a birthday gift. He had
hurried them in order to please his father.
The first announcement of Verrill's suc
cess was made by his father to the Con
necticut Academy of Science on Wednes
day. ICo public announcement was made.
Professor Verrill, who is professor of
zoology and curator of that collection,
said:
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Feb. , 16.-A.
Hyatt Verrill, a. graduate of Yale and son
of Professor Addison E. Verrill, has dis
covered a process of photographing in
brillrant colors. The discoverer calls it an
auto-chromatic process. It is pioto-chem
ical entirely, but its exact nature Is not
made known, nor is anything divulged by
Verrill except that his discovery- is a dis
tinct invention and decided advance' in
photography.
Verrill has experimented for several
vears, but only recently met with success.
He is still at work perfecting his discov
ery, because in the instance of a few
colors he has not yet fully attained ,a
Wholly satisfactory result. Particularly is
this true of bright red colors. Patent
rights have not yet been obtained, which
is another reason for secrecy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
".- In .the matter, of 1 water investigation' some
thing like $5000 : was expended I on the surveys
of the ¦ Tuba '• River. : after , the Supervisors had
Extravagant — The Board of Supervisors have
appropriated money for -specific -building and
when the bills were paid It developed that the
co*t,was-far above the appropriation. 1 ,'y."
Bureaucratic— It is a matter of deplorable no
toriety that the. Board of Public "Works is top
heavy, has many- superfluous and high salaried
employes; ¦ and : has organized bureau after bu
reau, and < department j after department, ', until
simplicity ; and' directness have beep lost in a
maze of bewildering red 'tape and officialism.
-.The most " serious difficulty,'- however • which*
the cause of .municipal ownership Is- laboring
,under,Jn San' Francisco is a bureaucratic ex
travagant, dawdling,' incompetent Board- of
Public Works and City . Engineer. . They came
into office on the high tide of the demand for
public ownership of public utilities, and* have
successfully dissipated the enthusiasm of the
people, and almost destroyed belief in the po3
slbtlity of. the practical success of such a pol
icy, v .-i- ¦ ; .-;. ¦• , . -.- :«. i , .. v
The! Board of Public. "Works!
¦ General Riera ; has . issued a revolution*
ary, proclamation from Sauca, dated Feb
ruary 14. Sauca , is a village •, situated to'
¦the.: east' of and not far- irom Vela de
Cora. 'j. There are many Government sol
diers in the neighborhood, of Wela de
Cora," but these are nrincipally boys from
14 to 15 years of age.— ¦-, ¦ ..-;,
?. President Castro's Government in Cara
cas, h^s just issued a "decree ordering the
expulsion from Venezuela of . Mrs. Matos
wife of General Matos, the leader of the
present re volution against Castro.
PANAMA, . Colombia, v Feb. 16.— A Gov
ernment soldier who. was a prisoner in the
camp, of the Liberal,. General Herrera,
made his escape and arrived here yester
day.; He reports that last week an
Indian chief named I^orenzo attacked the
Government. forces of General .Castro at
Agua Dulce and. was defeated. Re-en
forced by go men sent by General Herrera,
Lorenzo made another attack on Castro'a
forces and .was again repulsed.
»i Th e^ Government gunboat steamed from
here this morning on the lookout for the
Nicaraguan gunboat Momotombo, which
is belieVed to be bringing coal,, provis
ions and ammunition to the Liberals.
one of. the lions, or shall I say polecats that
lies in wait in the path ofpnblic ownership
It Is 6ure to be on the side of Spring Valley
when, the crucial test comes, an* it is nects
sary that every, friend of public * ownership
should . recognize this fact, and minimize its
Influence. Reputable Journalism should' expose
the "boughten ' Bulletin" because the degen
eracy • of one paper . casts an ; odium on the
whole profession, just as ' the corrupt prac
tices of one -criminal lawyer ¦ discraces the
whole bar. I can only compare a corrupt
newspaper to a - corrupt Judge. ' Both are or
gans - of public Justice, but the - newspaper Is
the greatest- evll.r.because -it reaches more
people rand. Ins the greater ; influenoj % .
The ; opposition; to municipal ownership fur
nished by venal newspapers (I speak not of the
opposition .which comes £ from principle— from
a belief that public utilities can be better man
aged and controlled by private ownership) Is a
serious : matter, because a two-thirds • vote of
the citizens is necessary, to authorize a bond
issue. Any power that can Influence many
votes, in conjunction with other opponents that
are bound'to arise; can defeat the proposition
unless !itsfrfends;are active and wise '. •-¦
•- WILLEM8TAD,' Island ..of CuracsLO,
Feb. >i 16.— Bad ;. news -for the r ; Venezuelan
Gdyernnient , has "been ', received ¦' from . the
interior/of : the ¦ country. -.There have' been
new : and; numerous; uprisings in the- State
of Carabo bo, 'whither the Government has
sent , a . number ¦ of ;. soldiers. " • There • were
two engagements yesterday near : Vela • de
Cora between the Government forces and
OTe revolutionists under Riera.
The "Government forces .were' routed, in
t>oth f engagements ¦' and a detachment ot
them,, passed over to the side of the revo
lutionists. - . ' : Mi-r-
', '¦ The ' Dutch ',. cruiser . Utrecht has sailed
f rpm? La;' Guayra ..for. Rio -Hacha. The
British {cruiser: Pallas will j leave" to-mor
row, f or r ' Jamaica and ; - the 'British : sloop
of -,war /Alerts for :I>emara. ... " -- '¦'; .
y This shows that there; is no ground ¦ for
the -rumor that Germany '. intends to . take
any} forcible -measures against . Venezuela
at- the*; present ; time.' -.'¦;. ¦ . ' . •
.; : Feb.~16.— Of ' the - German
cruisers - which , were at '> L.a ; Guayra •; the
Vineta ) has y left*- for ' Trinidad ' and s the
Falke \ for,: Brazil. Only •_ the : Gazelle ' re
mains." ; ' . :. , ; • • •¦ .
Special : Cable to -The Cal! and New Tork Her
;.-;ald. Copyright, 1902. by the Herald Pub-
lishing Company." "
Cruisers Sail Away With out
'Making the Threatened
Demonstration.
Success Crowus Many Years
of Experimental
Work.
mitted by " the .^larconi ¦¦ wireless ¦*¦ system"'
from the Kronprinz Wilhelm, : when that
steamer was ninety miles off , the Lizard^,',
reported: "All well, weather tine, sea
smooth." " ,¦ s .
i ¦> .'The- Kronprinz "Wilhelm to : equals her
best record/ the .time 1 of J which waaflve
days, fifteen hoursand forty-five' minutes, |
made.on December 3 last,- should'be sight
ed off Fif6 -Island^between 4 and 5 o'clock
on Saturday morning, . February 5 22,-. and
arrive , fft Sandy-Hook lightship;, a-t*- 7:45
o'clock. ?Should, she^arrive' at that -'time
she would dock . at: 10 /o'clock.^ This • time,
however,: is -.approximate; ' as ; the 'Sailing
from Cherbourg is * probably v given ¦¦¦¦ from
her departure >in the' harbor.-. Records: are
calculated tfrbm Cherbourg -..mole. '-.•" Her
time of 'passing Cherbourg ' mole': would
probably. be a half-hour later. ; ' - v' .:>, :,
'Admiral/ von'.'Baudissin '. arid- .several
; members of his staff were\the guestsithis
; of Carl Benz, German 1 Consui;
General at this port: •: Lieutenant.Rubens
burg said' thsit the . admlral>intends leav
ing for -Philadelphia to-morrow. . He will
visit relatives^ and ; expects to remain' in'
that city until Tuesday afternoon.
: reception of; Prince Henry met to-day.
The .plan 1 for the programme and 'the or
der . of march* as decided upon" on 'Friday
was adopted. 'It -was -decided' to .present
to Prince Henry a beautiful silver album,
hand ; pain.^;? with .the ¦ picture % of V the
Prince onrthe • cover. - - The alburn will con
tain the autographs of all: the' committee-^
men . and oX.-^he presidents of : all the 1 or
ganizations'composing the United German
Societies. .; This is in addition to ; the en
grossed .address •- Inclosed- » in-, > a .silver
casket, which' the societies will present to
the Prince. :l -' " . ¦ r •. ¦: ¦:¦:,.. ; ,. ¦ ¦. ¦•., .-,-•;. '." : : -
' The contniittee decided that the parade
should take i place' on the evening of Feb
ruary 26." >_» ,-..-> :?-•.'¦¦.''£>¦;¦:/.¦ ¦:.'¦'¦¦¦:¦¦':'-:¦'. * '¦^.'¦~'."--\
The Kronprinz Wilhelm sailed for Cher
bourg at 3 o'clock this afternoon. ;Among
her passengers are George and Allison
Armour, Sir Charles Cust. Spencer Eddy,
first, secretary of the American legation at
Constantinople, and Mrs. Moretown Fre
wen. sister of Mrs. Cornwallls West.
Prince Henry remained on the bridge of
the steamer until the members of the
German embassy at London, who came
down here to welcome him, went on board.
He then ¦ received them in his salon.
At 10:30 o'clock this morning the Isle of
Wight ana the forts of Portsmouth were
sighted. It was a day. of glorious sun
shine. With the . band . playing and . with
flags flying the steamer made her way- up
Southampton waters to the dock. Here
the North Germar. Lloyd Steamship Com
pany,; contrary to the desire of Prince
Henry, had taken the most. elaborate pre
cautions. The special train from London,
carrying passengers for the -Kronprinz
Wilhelm, arrived at Southampton at 11:30
o'clock, but was not allowed to proceed
to the dock until the steamship bearing
Prince Henry had been made fast. At 1
o'clock the dock swarmed with policemen
and detectives and the steamship tickets
for the Southampton passengers -were
scrutinized repeatedly. .
He was u» early this morning, walking
the deck. In the course of a. conversation
to-day he cgain expressed the pleasure he
feels at visiting the United ' States.
The Prince, with his suite, appeared at
dinner, occupying a table in an alcove of
the general salon. During the meal the
band played German and American airs.'
The Prince's table naturally attracted,un
divided attention. After 'dinner the
Prince eoeut an hour in the smoking
room. • .
Southampton. . The weather .was
splendid and there was no wind. " The
steamer stayed here but a short time,
during which band played selections.
The Kronprinz Wilhelm resumed her jour
ney for New York at 3 o'clock.
SOUTHAMPTON, Feb. 16.-The Kron
prinz Wilhelm arrived this morning.
Prince Henry's voyage . to . England was
uneventful .The Kronprinz .Wilhelm pro
ceeded slowly - from ¦ Bremerhaven down
the Weiser under a cloudless sky. 1 and
amid cheers from. the. people, lining the
shore. The Prince and his ; suite walked,
upon the . upper deck with some of t the
other passengers^ Later - Prince •; Henry
proceeded -to the bridge, where he held a
long conversation witn the captain of. the
steamer and showed the greatest interest
in all the details of the ship.
CHERBOURG, Feb. 16.— The Kron
prinz Wilhelm arrived In the road
stead at S:40^o'clock this evening,
after a pleasant passage .from
Graduate of Yale Takes
Five Pictures in Bril
liant Colors.
Kaiser \ :A.ban<lons War
lilse Attitude Toward
... Venezuela: >
Docks at Southampton Swarm With -Policemen', and Detectives
During the Distinguished
sengers for the 'Kronprinz Are Subjected' to HGlose Scrutiny
CASTRO ESCAPES
GERMAN WRATH
NEW DISCOVERY
IN PHOTOGRAPHY
STEAMSHIP BEARING PRINCE HENRY
STARTS ACROSS THE ATLANTIC
2
THE SAIS^
Coatinued From Page One
Gafarrh, Deafness,
m£ t . \W!lttiW>^C Throat'
Pl^^EmHBiIgg,..
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S m^;
204 Sntter Street, NW. Cor. of Kearny
Hours. >-12 a. m.; 1-3 ana 7-8 p. m.
rn rr an honest trial of one
Hi rr W EEK given, to show the- su-
1 - Bt/U -perlor merit of the treatment.'
SOOO test cases, 85 per cent cured. Call at
«nce or write for free treatment.
JOHN J. FULTON CO.;
ANOTHP t?
.TEST CASE
Bpigut's Disease ana Dlafietes
Are Positivelu CupaWe. -
.VyHILE THE FULTOX COMPOtTNDa
¦'-\* •• were under examination, one of tn«'in-
vestlffatora went to one of ,the beat known
physicians in San Francisco and asked him. to
name ¦ a certain case of Bright a disease for a
test. He named C. H. Allen of El Faso a for-
mar " conductor of the Southern Pacific Com-
pany, aa beyond human aid. Eight physician*
had declared the case chronic Bright" s disease
It wsa tyoicai — albumen, casts, dropsy, sleep-
lessness, night . sweats and usual weakness
pains and distresses. Patient went on the
Compound June 5, 1001. We. now codt from
the written resorts: ¦ "„.
June 13 — Improvement. Skin clearer •-" Color
better. .Albumen decreasing. Patient much
encouraged. .- ¦ ¦ ¦ ... ,-. , ¦ Ul - a
June 25 — Continued lmDrovement." More am-
July 13 — Xot ao . favorable. Went to th»
country and becan to bloat: . Returned and
feeling -better, though not probably quite so
well as last report. A favorable Indication U
th<* disappearance of the night sweats
July . 19 — Dropsy again disappearing Albu-
men setting leas and less. , "...-'*
August 1 — Improvement , continues ' ¦ '
August 13— Patient claims he la nearly well
Continued improvement, .and- patient recoml
mended for licht emaloyment. Double analy-
ses by railroad surgeons in El Paso show as
follows:
Spec. Gravity ¦' -io«o
Reaction ;:......;..;......- " " ' "Tlti
Sugar V V$Ji5«
! Albumen ...".:: Trace
I Exam. for. casts.......; /.None
At' this writing! January 10, 1902. patient Is
not yet entirely recovered, but Is still on th»
; treatment. and getting better continually •
Medical works agree that Bright' a Disease
and Diabetes are incurable, but 87 per cent
are positively recovering' under the Fulton"
Comrxjunds. . (Common forma ; of . kidney com-
plaint and rheumatism . from ; uric acid offer
but short resistance.) Price. *1 for th» Brlghfa
Disease and $1 50 for the Diabetic Compound.
Interior will U> made as fast as pos-
sible. John J. Fulton Co.. 420 Montgomery
street. San Francisco, sole compounders. Free-
tests made for patients. Descriptive p*snpbi«t
kWe can offer you a
brend new upright piano
for as low as $137.00,
the same piano ias has
been sold by other deal-
ersfor $25000. Wecan
save you from $75.00
to $200.00 on a piano.
E^ery instrument ; in-
cfiiided in this sale is
brand new and a Simon-
pure bargain. Tt is not
a question of ; profit-^
merely a matter of find?
ing homes for Ihese in-
struments, Remember
the: niimber, 653; Mar ket
street, near Third, Polmr
mer-Eilers Music Cd&
Now is the chance of
a lifetime to buy that
piano v: you. have been
figuring on for so long.
Of coursB this safe has
cbnie suddenly, and we
know that everybody will
not be; prepared to take^
advantage of^ a chance
like this on a moment's
notice; hence we will
offer the mast liberal
terms to those who can-^
jriot pay all cash.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINE'S V CELERY COMPOUND. *¦
Benefit Hei Received from \
Paine s Celery Compourid.
fir%f "^^^^^^ ! M/fil* Perfect Nerves and
'¦*v^»" /^^K I Good Blood He Has
;^^P>. -'«S^a' ; \ sit/on in His Calling.
k. A t l lc highest recognition that it is pos-
' s '^ e or ? man m his business to have
P^^^^^^^fflBl^^ga^^^MB —promotion for merit to the head of
the finest fire-fighting brigade on earth.
==g»agggr " i "^-IHIMTTIMJ Read what he says ¦ of the medicine '
.On ,December : 14, last, the proprie- th ? 1 has als ° cnabled thousands t of '
?«^«. *t t> • •'¦»" /-i r* j'e j other men and women to achieve what
tors of Paine s Celery Compound found by i nte i Hgencc and am bition they were
the following letter among their mail : cut out to do. _, .. v
, They had no correspondence on the And bear in. mind that what Paine's
subject; they did not know Mr. Mus- Celery Compound has done in. the case
ham/except by reputation. Lik^every ° f n^ ha l. Mush f m v and '- f f ; h T ;
... . fr-r :;••¦¦ * j- • v -sands of others jvho have voluntarily
testimonial of this great medicine that expressed their gratitude in similar-
was ever printed; it came to them un- words, it will do with unvarying cer--
solicited and unsought. The proprie- ta [nty in the case of every person
tors of Pabe's Cekry Confound fee SS*&SS STSSTS'
never found it necessary to manufac- disease, and whose symptoms manifest
ture or edit any testimonial. They have themselves in the various . distressing,
never found it necessary by any Jrick ways that are so familiar to every
of advertising ' to promote mythical reader,
men in far off places .' to - positions "Gentlemen : — : ;.'."."¦
in legislatures or offices that never Your remedy. Paine's Cefery Com-
heard _ of them. It. is the one of all pound, is all that you claim for.it, and '
: remedies the popularity of which has is certainly a boon to humanity. I
increased on account of what it does, have tried it, and have secured great
instead of what it says/ benefits from it when suffering from
It appears that Fire Chief Musham. indigestion. or its companion, nervous- 1
the head of the Chicago Fire Depart- ness. I am told that many of the boys
ment, which is the model of the world, in the department are using Paine's
has been for forty years in the service ; Celery Compound with very satisfac-'
as brave as a lion; industrious, cool- tory results. I can heartily recommend
headed, with a record for fighting fires, Paine's Celery Compound for those
and v quite as distinguished for nerve who suffer from lack of enerjry ner-
and generalship -as other heroes vousness, indigestion and similar aJ-V
• upon whom nations have bestowed, ments. Yours truly, •- ':
. public honors . for service in no less "W. H". MUSHAM
hazardous undertakings. Chief Mu3- "Fire Marshal"
iham, in^the spring of 1901, obtained Chicago, 111., Dec. it, 1901' ¦ It i relieves ¦ the . pain i a'nd prevents . lnflamma
, tlon i or ' stiffness. ¦• " Also ' K Invaluable | for.- burns,
chaflng8,*V chilblains, [earache, V catarrh,", 1 cold ', 4n
head.! skin •irritations and "plleg.;; Try a box and
you'll never.be" without it. 25c and BOc, at drug
gists or by mall. Ealva-cea, 271 Canal BtV N.Y.
For . Bruises—Use • Salva-cea.
i PARIS, Feb. n 16.— The ? Hindoo i twin
named -Eordlca, which" was' separated
from Radica by an operation on February
9,* died, suddenly this . morning in r convul
sions, due to the advanced stage of - the
tuberculosis from which she. suffered.. The
twins appeared to Improve " during ¦' last
week and passed. their time playing hap
pily. The death of • Dordica has been con
cealed 1 from Radica, who is making ex
cellent progress.-§^^M»:
Hindoo Twin Dordica '. Is Dead.
: NEW YORK. 1 Feb.* 16.— Mrs.^Virginia Su
ret. aged'50,twas burned to death, to-night
in her apartments. Her. apron caught' flre
from -the; kitchen; stove.' ..;.—¦ :,
Flames } Ignite ; Her Apron. ; .
NEW BRITAIN,'^Conni,,, Feb. 16.—Ser
vices under/ the auspices", of the /Young
Men's Christian Association' were ; held in
this ; ctty .,' to-day, in ; observance of • the an
niversary of; the blowing up'of the Maine
in , Havana harbor.' Captain' Richmond P.
Hobson • was .the < principal speaker; He
said the United States should be the peace
arbitrator for the. whore world, and he
was . of . the opinion . that , this | country was
in a position to prevent wars between for
eign nations,'; and' should do so.. ',' •
Observe the Maine Anniversary.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 16.— The Furncss
Allen .line steamer Dal ton Hall, Captain
Gordon, bound to St. Johns, N. P.", and
Halifax, N. . S,. from this port, was -in
collision at the mouth of the Mersey with
the steamers Maripessa and Sutherland '
both of this ; port. The I>alton Hall was
cut down to ner bilge on - the starboard
side and had to be beached off , Seaforth.
The damage to the other steamers has
not yet been ascertained.
Seaforth.
Has to Be Beached Off
One of Them Is Badly Cut Down and
STEAMERS IN" COLLISION
AT MOUTH OF THE MERSEY
The British ; Minister has demanded
of the, Chinese Government that the na
tive customs authorities at Canton shall
hand . over, their/ duties to ¦ the -imperial
maritime customs authorities as stipu
lated in the protocol. •' " ¦•¦ :¦-.• .\«v- ,-;,-*
•Viceroy Yuan Shi Kal of Chill Prov
ince, after memorializing; the throne, has
ordered ; a reorganization of the Northern
Chinese squadron with .headquarters at
Cheef oo. . Major Tachibana, a Japanese
officer,^ has been appointed his ¦ military
adviser. Lieutenant* Colonel Ikata has
been . named military advisor . to Viceroy
Chang , Chih : Tung at Wuchang. -••.¦ Sixty.
Japanese officers are leaving for China to
assist in reorganizing the Chinese army in
the northern and central provinces. •
: Commissioner Lu Shu Fang has returned
to Peking from Shanghai, where he sold
imperial titles and decorations to . the
amount to 700,000. taels. ; Part of this sum
was remitted to Peking.. The balance was
expended ; in; repurchasing, at Shanghai v a
large ' number , of < imperial curios - taken
from 'various palaces last -year, including
seals, tablets; -Jade, porcelain, cloissonne.
red lacquer -and; precious ¦stones.*: all of
which . will be presented . to : the Empress
Dowajer. ¦• ¦.''.'¦. ; ... •¦ y "A .. ... ~
The Kussian admiral < commanding the
eastern 'Asiatic squadron is preparing for
grand naval' maneuvers this spring..- The
Vladivostock and Port Arthur squadrons
together with the volunteer merchant
fleet, will participate. The cost "will be
1,800,000 roubles, which sum has been
granted by the St. Petersburg Govern
ment. , The ¦ maneuvers ' will ' take .place
off the Korean coast. ,, . ,T-
a. week later anotner skirmish occurred
at an isolated camp wnere a large body of
bandits endeavored to- surprise and mas
sacre a small garrison; learning tnrougn
spies of the intended .attack, \ne Japan
ese garrison. had. oeen 'reinforced, .b'orty
tnreu insurgents were killed and the Jap
anese lost several wounded. :
TACOMA. Wash., Feb. 16^— News of ser
ious -lighting in Formosa is brought by
the steamship Java. Early in January a
body of soldiers encountered seventy ban
dits at Tenwansho. A battle lasting ten
hours followed, during which half of the
bandits were Killed. The J apanese 7 lost
tnreet men Killeu and tnree oincers and
ei«nt nien wounded/ ;
Special Dispatch ' to ! The Call.
The dead man was a son of William
Seara. who was murdered at Bailey Hill
six years ago, and whose two murderers
were lynched at Yreka In September, 1896.
Mrs. Gainy went from Henley to Kla
mathon and killed herself there Thursday
night. She 'was -only 20 years -old and
came of a good family. Her father lives
at Talent, Or. The girl's husband, . Wil
liam Gainy, had separated from her. He
is now at Medford, Or. •
Undoubtedly both Sears and Rhodes
were in love ¦ with Mrs. Gainy. The offlv
cers who are at work upon the case es
pouse Rhodes' cause and say the real
slayer of Sears is yet to be caught. They,
believe the shooting was the result ~ of
Jealousy. ' :. - . ,-.'¦..
When the. killing occurred . Sears,
Rhodes, Mrs. Gainy and another woman
and the barkeeper were the only persons
present. Mrs. Gainy shot herself without
assigning any reason, and the only wit
nesses now are the other woman and the
barkeeper. It is thought some entirely
new solution of the murder must be
found. There was a quarrel, but the fatal
shot may have come = from a source not
yet brought to light. Rhodes will 'be as
sisted to make a strong defense. . :
REDDING. Feb. 1C— New developments
are arising fast in tne Siskiyou County
tragedy in which Charles Sears was
killed by Charles Rhodes at Henley, and
Mrs. William Gainy,.nee Coy, over whom
the men were believed to have had the
fatal fight, committed suicide. • Rhodes,
who has been in the hospital with his
skull fractured, has regained _ conscious
ness and shown increasing strength. He
has been formally charged . with murder
ing- Sears. ¦ " . .
iiiver since the fight several weeks ago
in the barroom at Henley, Rhodes, who is
SO years old, and formerly had a family,
has been unconscious. His first words on
coming to his senses were that he did not
shoot Sears; that he and Sears were good
friends, and that he does not believe Sears
smashed his skull with the • revolver.
Rhodes has much sympathy and many
believe he is not the murderer. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officers in Siskiyou Try
to Solve a Murder
Japanese Soldiers Have
Severe Fights in
Formosa.
TROOPS ROUT
THE BANDITS
co. A friend thought to locate the lost
heir through the . photographer. A week
ago Cramer received a letter. Narrating
the facts and enclosing the picture. He re
membered the sprightly - boy who sat for
the picture, and that he had come from
Reddinff. ¦ V ' -
COACHMAN WHO MAY i SOON
BE RECIPIENT OF.' LARGE
FORTUNE. • . ' "
THINK JEALOUSY
WAS THE CAUSE
Artell Greenwood was a natural horse
man and his schoolmates gave him' the
name of "Artello, -the Vaquero." At his
father's death he and his sister cot but
$50 each of his estate and went back to
their mother in San Francisco.
Joseph Greenwood had relatives in Eng
land. After his death his unfortunate fam
ily affairs could not be followed by the rel
atives. Recently one of them died, leaving
a. good-sized fortune. A photograph,
marked '"Artello Greenwood" was found"
in the dead man's effects. It was taken
at the gallery of L. Cramer. San Francis-.
The story is of a poor fellow whose love
for horses led him to become a coachman,
and who may now have coaches and
horses galore of . his own. Artell Green
wood was reared in Redding. He and his
sister, Hattie, were, children of Joseph
Greenwood; . a I pioneer shoemaker, who
disagreed with his wife in San Francisco
and taking his children came here to live.
He married again and accumulated cor
ner lots in the business center. Fearing
his former wife might claim a share, he
deeded his lots to his second wife before
his death in August, 1S98, and the lots
have since become very valuable.
Tf-^v EDDING, Feb. 16.— The fact that!
I JJ Artell Greenwood," even "as a boy,.
1^' was so striking of face and man-
JJ^X^ ner as to impress himself indeli-
bly upon the memory of the
photographer who took his picture, is. the
circumstance which will bring Greenwood
into touch with a fortune left him in Eng
land by people who had not the remotest
idea of hU whereabouts.
here from a Chinese .source that the
United States objects not - to the Man
churlan convention, but to the proposed
agreement between China and the Russo-
Chinese Bank.' .;.-. \
General Bell believes that the insurgent
leader, Malvar, is becoming 'exceedingly
unpopular with the Filipinos and that
when the natives cease to fear his ven
geance many will be found willing to be
tray him.. ¦¦ - ' .
What has been said of Batangas Prov
ince applies almost equally to Laguna.
The United States transport Wright,
which sank in fifteen feet of water No
vember 28 last by striking an uncharted
rock at the entrance of San Jacinto har
bor • and which was . successfully raised
this morning, has arrived- at Cavlte in
tow of the gunboat Wompatuck. • The
Wright has six holes in her bottom, which
have been temporarily patched. She will
be drydocked immediately.
MANILA, Feb. 16.— General J. Franklin
Bell has practically checked the insurrec
tion in Batangas Province, the troops un
der his command having made a clean
sweep of the district. It Is not believed
that all the insurgent arms have been
captured or surrendered. ; It is believed
that a number of them have been taken
by the insurgents to other provinces or
safely a hidden. The increase of robber
bands in the provinces of Tayabas and
Cavlte show the effects j of the drastic
measures adopted in Batangaa and La
guna Provinces. General Bell says the
people of these latter provinces never
realized the. terrors of war until they per
sonally experienced its hardships, owing
to the closing of the ports and the con
centration of the natives in the towns.
Practically Stamps Out
the Insurrection in .
Batangas.
- CALL BUREAU. . 1406 G STREET, N.
W.;' WASHINGTON, ¦ Feb.: 16.—Consider
able concern is expressed in administra
tion, circles over the lefusal of Germany
to evacuate .Tientsin, as recently request
ed ' by , the Chinese Government.
•Great Britain/Japan and Germany have
troops ; stationed in Tientsin, and China
suggested that the time had arrived when
they could be safely withdrawn. Russia,
France and the United States have long
ago 'removed their- troops from^*the pro
vince of Chili. Great Britain and Japan
were ¦ willing • to order their detachments
home, but Germany declined to take this
action. Her ostensible reason is that their
presence will facilitate the satisfaction by
China. of the demands, made by the'pow-'
era upon the Imperial Government. \
v It ; is ¦ not understood that this Govern
ment will at this moment make any rep
resentations to Germany looking to com
pliance with the ; Chinese . request. . Too
frequent, interference with the action of
the I powers ¦ may make enemies without
producing, results. Thus it is pointed out
that* if- the -United States were to apply
pressure to Germany the effect would be
to drive that Government into the arms
of Russia and lead those two nations and
France to take an identical weapon . for
the protection of their like, interests.
¦ As it "is, continental Europe is looking
with some distrust upon the United States
for its action : in connection with the
Russo-Chinese Bank incident,- If the
United" States objects . to the -granting of
concessions to a semi-Chinese institution
it is appreciated by ¦ Europe that it will
protest against the granting of exclusive
concessions to syndicates which are whol
ly foreign, and this may lead to common
action, r Secretary Hay has.no desire to
force such a step as this, and the admin
istration is satisfied that he will play the
diplomatic game shrewdly so as;to pre
vent such a strong combination being ef
fected: .: - ; - •-¦-¦/ ;.-:¦; ., ' - : ¦
Both China and Korea are gratified at
the : conclusion of. the Anglo -Japanese
treaty — China because it has always been
her policy to keep the powers at logger
heads; Korea because she hopes that the
more the powers guarantee her independ
ence the safer wUl be her autonomy.
From' all -that can be learned Russia is
quite content that Great Britain should
have incorporated in the treaty with Ja
pan a provision for the independence and
integrity of Korea, as she. has been ap
prehensive that it was. the policy of Japan
to extend her sovereignty oven that'king
dom. Russia will certainly not allow Ja
pan on the mainland, and if Japanese
troops are landed on the . Korean penin
sula she 'undoubtedly will attempt to ex
pel them. • ¦ ¦ .
SHANGHAI, Feb.; 16.— It is reported
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to Facilitate the Satisfac
, tibn of the Berlin
Claims.
¦ ¦'¦ '¦ •¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ , A.,
Armed Force to Be Kept in China
Will Not Act With Other Na-"
tions in Withdrawing
V Trocps.
German Refusal to Evab
:; uate Tientsin Causes
Concern.
GENERAL BELL
CHEEKS REBELS
- Cole ' came ¦ in , from East Helena at 7
o'clock. Shortly after his arrival Mrs.
Mayne went out and returned In a few
minutes. - As she went up the steps she
heard a shot? quickly followed by another.
She was accompanied by her husband. On
entering the house they saw Cole falling
to the floor, while his wife was lying on
the lounge with blood streaming from two
wounds, one in the head, back of .the ear,
• llshment and Olivia Mayne Cole,
his wife, is at her home mortally wound
ed, as the result of shots fired by the hus
band. The tragedy occurred this evening:
shortly after 8 o'clock in the residence of
the Coles. There were no witnesses, and
the wife Is so seriously wounded that she
is not able to make' any statement. The
only story of the affair is given by- Mrs.
Mayne. the mother of Mrs. Cole. *
HELENA, Mont.r Feb. 16.— Harold
. M. Cole, assistant superintendent
at the East Helena smelter, lies
dead in an undertaker's estab-
and the other In the left breast. Lying
at the foot of the woman were a number
of letters. . -
Cole was mortally wounded and died be
fore a physician could be- summoned. He
had shot himself through the head.
* Mrs. Cole is a young and handsome
woman. The theory . is that the husband
found some correspondence belonging 1 to
his wife, that there was a quarrel and
then the tragedy.
Harold M. Cole was one of the prominent
mining men of the State. In addition to
being assistant superintendent at -the
East Helena smelter he was chief chemist
at the works. He had been with the
smelting company since 1893, coming to
Montana from New York. He was a
graduate of the mining course in Colum
bia College, graduating with high honors
when only 13 years old. When he first
came to Montana he was employed by the
Helena and Livingston Smelting and Re
duction Company at "Wtckes as chief as
sayer. Leaving that company, he went
with the East Helena concern. Cole was
34 years old. He leaves relatives In Jersey
City. The couple had no children.
SOLONS ENGAGE
IN PISTOL FIGHT
Details of Battle oh Floor
of Paraguayan
Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— The "World prints
the following from London, 4:30 o'clock
a. m.: The Daily Mall publishes a sensa-'
tional story from its Asuncion corre
spondent, dated January 11, describing the
fierce battle with revolvers between -mem
bers of, the Paraguayan Congress prior to
the deposing of President Emilio Aceval.
The correspondent asserts that the revo
lutionists called on ¦ Senor Aceval to re
sign under, threat of assassination. At
first Aceval consented, but afterward be
declined to carry out his promise. This
was followed by a heated discussion in
the Congress, during which one of the
members discharged a revolver.
This was the signal for a fusilade on
all sides. Members took shelter behind
the desks and chairs, and a fierce batlla
was waged until a strong body of mili
tary arrived with two machine guns,
which the soldiers threatened to turn on
the combatants if the firing did not ceasa.
At the close of the hostilities Dr. Ina
fran, a prominent member of the Gov
ernment, was found dead on the floor,
riddled ¦with bullets. Many other mem
bers were severely wounded, some It is
believed mortally. Two reporters and oth
er spectators were wounded.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the ""Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2.50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best $1 Fountain Pen in the worid.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Dean Farrar Injured by a Fall.
LONDON". Feb. 16.— Doiring a ser-vice In
Canterbury Cathedral yesterday Dean
Farrar fell from a stall and sustained a
bad scalp wound. He Is, however, pro
gressing-j favorably.
KAISER ADDS
TO TROUBLES
IN FAR EAST
READS WIFE'S LETTERS
AND TRAGEDY FOLLOWS
Harold M. Cole, Young Superintendent of the
East Helena Smelter, Mortally Wounds
His Spouse and Then Commits Suicide
PICTURE MAY BRING
HIM A BIG FORTUNE
Artell Greenwood, "Who; Now Drives a Car
riage, Likely to Have Coaches of His
Own and Drivers, Too, Before Many Days
CANNIBALS
SLAY THIRTY
FRENCHMEN
Survivor of the Sileraka,
Massacre Gives Grew
some Detail.
Body of One Unfortunate De
voured and the Others
Mutilated.
Scientists Awaiting Death Are Hes
• cued by the Opportune Arrival \';j
of a Relief Party "From
-. Their Yacht.
PARIS, Feb. 16.— La Patrie to-day pub
lishes a letter received from Its corre
spondent, M. Rouyer, a survivor | of the
massacre of a French scientific mission
by cannibals at Slleraka, New Guinea, on
January L M. Rouyer relates that the
yacht Salvattl with the mission on board
had anchored off the coast of New Guinea
and that several of the explorers landed.
After an apparently friendly reception
from the natives the latter treacherously
attacked them during the night, murder
ing twenty-five of the party, including
Baron Vlllars, Count de St. Romy ~and
MM. Hagenbock and Vries, and wounding
thirty-three, Including the writer of the
letter, M. Rouyer, the chief of the mis
sion, and another -Frenchman named
Reimer. M. Rouyer writes: - '
We were all sleeping peacefully when there
Mas a great . uproar and we were attacked : by
hundreds of natives carrying torches. Several
of us were felled to the ground with clubs,
hatchets and epears. Others "were overpow
ered, carried away and bound to trees. I was
•among this number. I received a blow on the
head from a club and fainted. When I re
covered consciousness at 5 o'clock In the morn
ing I found myself tied hand- and foot and
surrounded by savages, who, believing me tj
be dead, were keeping me for themselves.
I saw the body of Baron Vlllars near me,
bound to a tree. His body was naked, his
head had been split open, his eyes had been
gouged out and he ' wae otherwise horribly
mutilated. The Count de Saint Romy had been
decapitated and his head stuck on the end of
a spear, as a trophy.
M. Hagenbock was spitted on a bamboo and
¦was being roasted over a flre. The savages
•were about to cut htm up.
I waited my fate. I vras afraid to move.
My head hurt me dreadfully. All around me
the ground was strewn with corpses.
Suddenly a great clamor arose, followed by
a fusillade. I opened my eyes and saw Dr.
Foriter and the remainder of the mission from
the yacht firing on the cannibals. I shouted
and the rescuers ran. to me and cut the bonds
which bound me to the tree. The cannibals
fled, leaving thirty-two dead. The clothes of
M. Vries were found, but his body was miss
ing. He had evidently been devoured by the
savages during the night.
Proposition to Join National Organi-
TjrUTONS IN . WASHINGTON
TALK OF A FEDERATION
zatioiL Stirs Up Some
Protest. .
TACOMA, Feb. 16.— Between now and
April 1 all Washington labor unions will
vote on "a proposition presented at the re
cent Tacoma labor convention to Join the
American Federation of Labor. „
Strong opposition to this movement has
sprung: up, based on the belief of some
labor leaders that more can be accom
plished by organizing a new federation of
labor, having jurisdiction over the Pacific
Coast only. This is the view taken by the
Western Central ' Labor Union of Butte^
which has sent Daniel McDonald, its pres
ident, here to make a tour of the State
and explain to the labor unions why they
will do better to vote against affiliating
with the American Federation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY;, FEBRUARY 17, 1902.
3
ADVE3TISSMENTS.
\ A Wonderful Medicine.
FOR ALL
Bilious and
Nervous Disorders,
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains in Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver and
Female Ailments.
PEEPAEED OSLT BT THE FEOPBIETOK,
Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Eng.,
and 365 Canal St, New York.
Sold by all Druggist* In United States.
In boxes,'! 0c and 25c.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE tpD PIG IRON. . .'
JT WII SAV * TV *°° Battery Street.
• t- n 1L3UH ttli-i Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAQ Hf\ VPC * C(\ '• Chipping- Buteben. I0»
J A3- DUILD & yU City. Tea* Mam 1284.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719;
PRINT INd.
E- C- liUQuES CU S&nsome St.. S. F.
v PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE UICKS-JUDD CO., . •
... 23 First street.. San Francisco.
UAUWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for : 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
euro all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, ' Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally,
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains.- All druggist*.
I Suitable suits Closing of a j
| for business . money=saving '
I j wear in this salef or econom=
! sort of weather ical mothers i
i .Our Scotch tweed suits now on We shall close our s^'e of toys' and
• i special sale are just what you want youths' coats and suits this week: The
I I for business weir in rainy weather, sizes are getting pretty well broken up
I i They will not show dirt or mud and on account of the constant demand for |
j I are well made from .an all-wool ma- the clothes. Th? mention of *the former
i .terial that will stand rough, hard wear, prices which, together wrh theknowi- !
| The patterns are likewise desirable. edge ihat many mothers have that when j
1 The suits are actually reduced from we sa y a thin g the y can count on it, has
| ! r ;$i2;£o, and while the patterns are no^ made i he sale a success. It will be;;
I complete in all siz?s, you fan find your we:1 for y° u to bu - v -at. once and lessen
| (\\ze in a pleasing pattern. As the siz?s y° ur dances of disappointment.
I j are: broken we have reduced the ¦¦ price T - - f . >, , A !
of the suits to Norfolk&Two=pieceSuits |
! -' / Made of Scotch tweeds and cheviots in. neat . i
! ~\ <K '¦ j£' -fl'- ¦ mixtures, .ages 8 to 16 and 3 to 10, respectively,
f\ lliCf on sale in two lots: Suits worth $2.75, $3.ooand
•^t-r#V-r \^ • $3- 50' to go at $2.10; Suits worth $3.75, $4.50,
j >- • $5.00, up to $7.50 go at $2.85.
• , When it comes to. our regular, goods, Youths' Suits I
we -mention Yur- $9.00 ready-tO-Wear Made of winter-weight materials, in many \
Sack SUitS first of al 1 .- We take Special patterns, -single or double breasted, former prices j
l^^mal^^^ii^yi^ «7g^JO.*«xoo.nd;jia.so ! now reduced |,
, we mean more atteri'ion thanJs usual y '
given to equally l^w priced clothes. •.. ¦ 'ToOCOflLtS 1
! I We USe all-W00l 'materials, good trim- Made of covert material in neat," light shades |
i - rning?, skilled union workmanship and of tan. Topcoats for children from 3 to 8 years, j
' cr.ijjrflntp^ -ihW <;uil«; Thp a «or l mpn l i«^ price now $2.60; topcoats for boys j
j | guarantee .tne-suus.. me assor.men. is f r 6m'^ t o'i3,r reduced from $5.00 to $3.20; : top- ' |
I'yery ex :ensiye, comprising most all coats for youths from 14 to 19, marked down
cloths;, in solid colors and fancy pat- from $6.50 to $4.oo.
. . terns!^ We have ;a new lot of them Vn^Prnafc
i from the workshops: : ' ; VOKecoaiS
• ¦ Made of all-wool tweeds in herring-bone
$ weaves, invisible stripes, checks and pinhead
jT\ '¦'¦¦ ¦ f\d~\ effects, comprising many nobbv mixtures, ages -
. . '"'\J%\jr\^ 4 to 14 years, former, prices and $7.00,
li'H ; ->^. 'j- now reduced to $4.65.
A ' glance at our^ ..- " /^R-"A- J^ mm ~ m ~ m^ mmm^ mm 7~T m^ '¦ Ont<«of'tOMrn orders
windowswillalwEys^^ f M, A |iT\ if\ B^ r& i^^*^ filled — write us for*
I prove interesting,^^ »|fml • w/ig/ § &W || I J^. 0 "H an y th » n^ »" men's
j 'whether- you ncci^^l .". i 'W^H \*f \Jr %*Jr P} % or boys* clothing,
clothes, hats or Sup- ' A. r ? *-• ,.^r \A. _jm furnishings or
hishing^ V 718 market! Street hats. t
! --..V-' ¦-';¦•/-;, ¦•,.¦.'. '-¦•-¦'•; .•"/>..•. ... " ; ¦-.-¦ '..-;¦¦¦ '. ¦ ' - ; - ' ' ' : ¦ .,¦
i AIT V iiB.TISETffT£N TS.
RHEUMATISM
My RHEUilATISn CURE Is fust as
certain to care rheumatism as water
Is to quench thirst. \ No matter what
part of the body the pain may be in
or whether it is acute or chronic
nUNYON'S RHEUriATISn CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— flUNYON.
Mucyoa's Dyspepsia Care will cure any case of
indigestion or stomach trouble. ' . « •
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, including
Che earliest stages of Bright'* Disease, can be cured
*rith Munyon's Kidney Cure,
Munyon*sCatarrh Curewill care catarrhof the head,
throat and stomach, co matter of how long standing.
ICerropS aflec: iocs and disco srs of the hc&rtarecon-
trolled and cured by Munyon'sNerve and HeartCure.
Munyoa'sColdCure will break up asy form of cold.
Mnnyon*» Vitalirer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price Ji. 4
The Guide to H i-nl t h (free) tells about diseases
«ad their cure. Oet it at any drug store. The Cures
are all on sale there, mostlv at as cents a vial.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
• WJlTTOX'RDrHlLEB CURES CATABBH.
•• >«J>Ai m Biff Cr Is a non-poisonotw
. g m<^y_ for Gonorrhoea..-
AtGgSr vUnu y^Sk VTbitet, unnatural dis-
jSSSf l«l«« S tvi*. \C chirgee, or any inCataoi-
Pfff Oa»?»atee<i v ** tion, irritation or ulcera-
p- -5 PrcTtst coBUrioa. ** on °' n u c o n c men;-
**• "¦ ¦** >*K b T express, prepaid, for
*E%rffm»\_irfy^3 tl.O0, or 3 bottle*. »2.T3.
9 R Circular seat ca rcquctU
(liBATENTSt >)
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L*j Steamers leave Broadway
5 fSw^ Wharf. San Tranclsco:
fc§g*5?i For KetcMkan. Juneau.
F??wjP^^- Skagway. etc. Alaska — 11 a.
BK&CSfc m., Feb. 5, 10. 13. 20. 23,
Jnflfflwg llarch 2. Change ti com. '
BSC^JSI rally's steamers at Seattle.
M^KftT'SSp For Victoria. Vancouver.
C- "^''SerSiai P prt Townsend. Seattle, Taco-
ma, Everett, New 'Wbatcom — :
11 a- xn FeBT 8. 10. 15, 20. 25. March 2.
Chance at Seattle to this company's oteainers
JoriSska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
eoma to N P. By.; at Vancouver to a P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
3>b 1,6 11 18. 21. 26. March S.
For San IMego. stopping- only at Banta Bar-
bara Port Los Aneeles and Redondo fLos An-
freies) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays. 9 a. xn.
For Lo« Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harlord (San
X-ul»"Obispo). Eanta Barbara. Ventura, Hue-;
seme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and "New-
pert ('Bonlta enly). * .-
Bonlta 9 a. m.. Feb. 3. 11. 18. 27. March 7.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. Feb. 7, 15, 23. March 3. ,
For Ecsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo ilazatlan, Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Rteht Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnr dates. '
TICKET OFFTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hoteh.
GOODALL. PERKITCS * CO.. Gen. Arents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N* GO.
Only Steamship Xilxxo «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rait Line from Portland to a'l
points East. Through Tickets to oil
point"!. »» (l rn'* or Ktesm«hio nnd pail, at
LOWEST RATES.
t-T£AKEB TICKETS ISCLUDE BESTH ani KEAL3.
6£. COLUMBIA Sails
Feb. 12. 22: Mar. 4. 14. 24
ES. GEO. W. ELDER SaiU
Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 9. 19. 23
Steamer «ai!s from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. TV. KITCHCOCK, G«n. Xgt., 1 Montg"y. 8. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Fim and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKOXG, caUlng: at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers fcr India.
*tc. No cargo received on board on day of
tailing. ¦ :'¦-'¦
£S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday February 23th. 1902
ES. AMERICA MARU
TV.day. March 21st. 190J
ES. HONGKONG UATOi:
Tuesday. April 15th. 1932
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fcr
freight and paesage apply at company's office.
421 Market str«»et. corner First.
VJ". H. AVERT. General Arent.
"pacific steam navigation co.
Aim Ob. Sbi! Amorlcana do VapDra;
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Saillr.s frcm How-
ard 3. rier 10. 12 m. V.- / :
GUATEMALA.. Feb. IS 1 SANTIAGO 1 .. '——
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEL ...- -
These Eteamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
'Xn change at Acapul'v> or Panama.) Freight
and paE5enK»r office. Sl<> California street.
BALFOUR. GCTHKIE f.- CO.. Gen. Agents.
oeeaffie&sxo. SE
FS. AUSTRALIA, for TahtU, about Feb 19
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck-
land end Sydney.. Thurs.. Feb. 27, 10 a, m
ES. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ...*;..
Saturday, March 8, '02 2 p m.
J. D.SPSGSELS 4 BEDS. CO., hsmx Ignb. S27 Karia a
Uai Passaiqtp CSo. 643 Hartri: SL, ttw 80. 1. Pasfe £t
PANAMA R.'R.'ftS-
TO HEW YORK. VIA PAHAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105: Eteerage, 140; Meals Free.
S. 6. Argyll satis Thursday, Mar. 13
<5. 6, Leelonaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
SS. S. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passeneer Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. COSKOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON'— LONDON.
St. Louis.Feb. 26.10amiSt. Paul, Mar. 12,10am
Pbiladel.. Mar. 5. 10am! St. Louis. Mar.l9,10am
RtiU &TAH LINE
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Frlesland, Fcb.2«.noon|Vaderland, Mar.lT.noon
Southwark. Mar.5,noonl Kens' gum. Mar.lJ»,noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
¦* CHA8. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
coxrxens gekeralz ieakeatlantiqci
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. > A . t
Caillng every Thureday. Instead of ifpjforft
g&turcay. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. 3e*t2&B.
North Hirer, foot of Mvrton street.
First claas to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $46 and upward. GENERAL
.A.CENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building), N«w
Tort 3. F. FUQAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Arents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Rafjoad Ticket Agents. •
BAY AND BIVER : STV- a-mtt-rs.
FOB U. S. KAVf YAR). AND YALLEJO
Eteamen GEIT. FRISBIS or M0NTICELL3-
8:43 a. m.. 8:1B and 8:30 p. m., except Son-'
<S«.y. Sunday. 6:45 •_• m., 6:30 p. m. l*are»
Valleio 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p.' xa., except
Cuadar. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fax* 69
. cents. Telephone Uala 1C0S. L&ndlc g and
f effloe. pier 2. llisslon-strtet dock. HATCH'• Quality, makes priced "Wero Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other extracts Its price
would be the same. "Once tried always used.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest TVintsr
Resort Jn the world, offers best UtIus. climates
bo»tln». ¦ bathiae, flahing and . moss amui^
menta. E. S. Babcock. manager. CorpnAdo.- C«t v
Says an old bachelor: '.'Few single men
would object to a tax on celibacy, as they
would gladly, pay for such a luxury." * '
Washington : reports, give * little encoui agement ; to •
the hopes -'Arizona, • Okiahoma-and New," Mexico;
for statehood," .It;- is .knowrj^ theyjare all right in! many.:
; respects, .but iCis feared they 0 would. riot vote right' at 'i
i the' next .? election. ¦• : ' '¦'¦'¦' \'X'*V \ ¦¦'¦" "¦ ¦-' '••- " • • .
KING EpWAR^jj^ .; ,' c' lty . Edward
VII, Kins of Great Britafn. was and still
Is a memoer of; the Masonic fraternity.
Up to the time he became King. he was
grand master of the Grand Lodge of Eng
land and had been fqr a number of years.
Special information, supplied daily to
business ' . houses - and public '¦ men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ' •• •
* TRADING COMPANY-H.- C ' City For
the Information desired about the North
American Trading: Company you will have
to address a letter of Inquiry to the main
office of the company at Seattle.
~Townsend's California gld.ee fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched -boxes . or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends '
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. , • '
Cal. glace fruit 50c per y lb at Townsend's."
C. C. Clark, a mine owner of, El Dorado, 1
is afthe Lick.
v.Mrs.'. Richardson ; Clover and daughter
are registered "at the Palace.
A. H. ; Birrell,- ; a capitalist \ of r Portland,^
6r.;is,at the' California with 'his wife., .'
'.-. H. H. Hyrnan,;a merchaht:of Cleveland,
p.,* is at the ; Palace, -accompanied by his
;wife/ ; :./ : ' >v - • — : .
; George 8. \ Nixon; ; a ; bank cashier of
.Winnemucca, Nev., ia registered- at . the
'-"'• Mrs^ ¦ Judge ; E. i N.i Ross of Los Angelas
Is/at- the "'Palace in company with her son,
Robert' EJvRoss.^- /-;,//' ' :
B.'AdarrisV. a wealthy resldentof New.
York'and having large mining interests in
Mexico, Is one/of ;tho arrivals at the Pal
•aee.- ;¦;;-¦; ;• /> ":-'•,¦".;¦ ¦' ; .T : ''J -V-"-^"'
'¦' R. ..Van Brunt; a capitalist and clubman
POOL TABLE-G. B. L., Modesto, Cal. •
There is a* Federal war revenue tax of $5
a year upon each billiard or. pool table
and a pro rata amount for part of a year.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsends.*.
PERSONAL MENTION.
of, New York City and interested in min
ing properties in Oregon, Is a guest at tho
Palace ».-;, ;„;.";•- ¦-":.- : *'- ¦':".. "' .'• '.¦.''' ¦'.'•
The chief objection, to the measure is. that the bili
collects into the new department a miscellaneous
lot of bureaus which have no relation to. one another 1
and ought not to be' combined in one department
The Call directed attention to that fact at the time
of the -passage of the bill, and "pointed out "the ab
surdity of the arrangement. , It now . appears from ;
the discussion which- has arisen . over the question
that the distribution of bureaus among the, govern
mental departments is a matter requiring considera
ble study.' Some bureaus' are .closely related to the
work of several departments, and it is a' nice question
to decide to which, they shall; be /assigned. .Then
there, are. other bureaus .whose work to some extent
covers the same ground, and whije they are in difler
ent departments there; is more or--: less interference
with oneanother. The result has been a good deal
o'f . duplication of service in certain directions, -with
inadequate; service in cithers.' '')\'
Another unsatisfactory feature of the present situ
ation; is the uneyenness with which the .bureaus are
di\-ided. Thus the Boston Transcript points' out that
Secretary Shaw has under his control in Washington
nearly -5000 employes, and Secretary /Hitchcock" hasi
DESPITE the readiness with which the bill
creating a Department of Commerce and
Industry passed th'e Senate, some of the
best informed correspondents at Washington believe
it will be subjected to considerable revision before ; it
is finally enacted into law. It is stated that at the
time the bill was passed three of the most influential
Senators, Allison, Aldrich and Platt of Connecticut
were absent, and that they are not wholly pleased
with it. One report says: "No one can. scan -the
proceedings of the Senate over this bill without
reading between the lines a purpose to get it over to
the House and to rely on its return trip to the Senate
for further study, or perhaps on- the conference com
mittee'for the shape it. shall ultimately take." / v,«V/
A QUESTION OF BUREAUS.
Adelina ' Patti, ; whose career; on the stage is as/re
markable .forvits' length yas'ifor its •brilliancy, is re-, :
ported; as .'declaring herself ;an,advocate of a regular
lif e, . simple \ diet; fresh air * and, plenty of exercise. 'It;
is said . she' drinks, no wine/ por tea? nor coffee ;" con
fining herself to water, 'except, for a glass ol milk in (
the morning ' arid at r.ight... -She, gives herself full
eight ' hours of sleep every ni^ht, and takes that in . a
bedroom with -an. open window all the year round. ,'
;,;• Very different is'the 1 rule of : . Sara^Bernhardt, whose ¦
career has b|?en m'ore. remarkable .than that of.
the queen of song.;; Of her the report, says: "She;
lives Lin closed- rooms; • goes to bed at 3 'a! m. and :
sleeps till 9,' eats little ,but . fish and .eggs— often
eggs ' in one day--drinks' : . only/ champagne, drive's ;,to
the theater in. a . close; carriage, and stays in the the'-:
ater. from! eleven ! to; twelve hours." Her holidays V at *
Belle : I sic are an exception/ and there she lives . with \
open windows, expensed'; to. every breeze that blows.
Such, af sudden ¦/chahgef.ia-.her habits/ has never:
harmed the; great" actress, she : ; asserts. 'Ten -months:
of her year .are passed in. uninterrupted work and- the
other t\vo; in the open country.''; ,.
Such is?the .conflict: in /the; experience of the; two >.
stars. No ; one. can undertake. to "decide ; dogmatically '
concerning)the-:issiie:'--It is a choice; of, fresh air, and
cold water. • against ;.hot- rooms r and : champagne ; ariH \
the only safe conclusion \ is -that ; if one ' is a , genius ;
and a woman she can do anything, and still be charm-:
ing forever.; _-''• '-¦••.- - i-c-i '-'¦'¦-* ' : : ¦' '.i
FROM ¦ Paris comes an 'interesting story 6f the
results'" of" 'an"';inyestigation "made . by/ the
Gaulois to ; discover how women may best
conserve their- health',*thdir beauty and their charm.
The .investigation^ wjis ma"de "by, inquiring rhow. 'the
great women of the^ stage' manage "to retain'so long
and so brilliantly their, vigor,, their vivacity and their
attractiveness^ .{The "teVtimdnyJ obtained is more in
teresting than; instructive, for it- appears -'that none of
the more striking '; exampjes- of long: continued suc
cessVon the stage follow the -same rules of life, nor
practice anythihg^like.; similar methods of conserving
their' strengths.' ; ; :? .' -•' , .'- ,' . . . -. '¦
A geographical expert' figures it out that when we
purchase the Danish West Indies our eastern terri
tory will begin at Santa Cruz and our western point
will be at 'Balabac in the Philippines; the distance
between'the two will lack, less than 100 miles of reach
ing half-way round'the globe. It ought not to take
us long to make'vup the little gap by annexing an
other island in the Orient, and then we can begin to
devise ways and means of completing the grand cir
cuit. . • > - : -V
•CONSERVATION". OF BEAUTY.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
* -There- is vast difference in cost of shipbuilding in French
dockyards, unparalleled in any other navy." which can only be
. explained as being due to more or less efficient "supervision.
The ' comparative cost as given by the Minister of Marina
, shows: .Rochefort, leading- with $850 per ton; Cherbourg S59S-
Toulon,.$402 50; L'Orient, $420 25, and Brest -with $403 25. These
charges include only general expenses, and the corresponding
cost of work done in private yards for the navy averae-A
$372 50 per ton. Adding the amount due for interest. deterlor^T
tion. renewal of plant and taxes which private builders have
to meet, the cost amounts to $465 50, which is stiU CorwWeVahlv
less than In three of the Government yards. • --.
¦^_ NI 2 eteen -vessels were launched during : the last year fn t;>»
¦French navy, of which four were arraoFed cruisers five de
stroyers and torpedo-boats and. ten submarines. Forty-nine
vessels were begun, including two .battleships, one arnior"l
cruiser, twenty destroyers and torpedo-boats arid twln?i° six
submarine boats. ¦ '. -• - ¦¦' .«¦""> iwenij-six
. A great clearing out sale of useless vessels is shortly to
take place In the Italian navy. Most of the vessels thus- to be
disposed of have been" removed from the active list years ago
and range In ages from 20 to 40 years. Four cruisers, namely
the Terribile, Sebastiano. Vinlero and Vedetta. are* In the lot
and the following seven harbor ships: Gorgona, Laguna Lunl*
Bondlne. Tiso, Trenetti and Malusssena. The estimated valua
of the entire fleet is pteced at $1,095,000. - - • -
. - , ¦¦¦*,.-.•-- , ¦ .'."•¦¦'•-,
• 4 • • - * '
'¦¦¦¦¦¦ . w __ -
The Navy Department has wisely receded from Its' first in
tention of continuing Rear Admiral Cromwell in command on
the European station after that officer's retirement on Feb
ruary '3 on account of age. It would have been an unprece-^ *
dented innovation on the rights of other officers, and the re
cent act of Congress . permitting the employment, of retired
officers on active- duty was only intended to cover shore/serv
ice. Of the twenty- two rear admirals there are twelve who
have not yet served at sea In that grade, and one has only two
months* sea service to hia credit. Fifteen were performing 1
shore duty on January \, of which ten were at navy yards and
naval stations and one was waiting orders. No- . distinction la
made in the command of navy yards, as was hitherto the cus
tom, and as it Is practiced in foreign navies, for such an
insignificant yard as Pensacola has a rear admiral, and the
naval station at Port Royal,- which has been abandoned
for all purposes as such. Is also honored with a rear
admiral -as commandant, and thus placed on a level with New-
York. -Norfolk and Mare Island. ..? :
fleet that, is being assembled to receive Prince-Henry of Prus
sia. .The vessel Is now a training ship for engineers and fire
men, and her sister ship, the Raleigh, which ia also being re
built, is to be, utilized for the same purpose. The Cincinnati
was built In 1890-94 and went into commission June 16, 1S94, and
is therefore- barely eight years old. She is rated a3 a 19-knot
cruiser, but during the Cuban trouble preceding the Spanish-
American war the cruiser 1 failed to overtake filibuster steamer3
such as the Dauntless, the maximum speed of which did not
exceed 14 knots.'. The first cost of the Cincinnati was $2,371,905.
and' the total cost of repairs and alterations up to the -present
time Is very close to one million dollars. The two ships are of
a type/that will not be "duplicated, and they are -more suitable
as training ships for the engine-room force. ¦•'¦¦ ¦'.¦ ,ji
The • cruiser Cincinnati,' .'which -underwent repairs and , alter
ations I at j tha \ Brooklyn yard . since . February, 1899, and sailed
February 4 for a cruise; has returned to New York to join the
The Japanese battleship Mikasa has. completed her trials in
England and is "ready.- /or -the home "journey:" The ship devel- ;
oped a speed of 18.6 knots'with 16,400 horsepower, which was '.«
knots I arid 1400 horsepower; In excess of the^ contract. During
a trial ->t 'six ! hours [under four-fifth power the coal consump
tion • was , 1.53 , pounds per: unit of horsepower— the latter : being
12,235. Progressive- speed trials • were - made, which gave the
following, results: ,-At 10 - knots the ¦ horsepower required was
2000, and ; for 15 •: knots 7000 horsepower sufficed.-/ The gunnery
and evolution trials have also" turned out satisfactory, the shla
turning a complete circle in one. and one-half her length.
, ; t The battleship. London, of 15,000 j tons and 18 knots, passed
through her. first trial of thirty, hours under one-flfth power on
January. 15. The- engines developed 3237. horsepower with" 248
pounds of steam, giving a speech' of 11.5 knots.v and the coat
consumption was 1.81 pounds per unit of horsepower.
'¦..- , The Britishj Admiralty has at'last realized the impossi
bility of .obtaining .torpedo-boat "destroyers with, excessive
speeds, combining -strength,- seaworthiness and reliability. It
has invited- tenders from Clyde ; builders for ten . destroyers
which will be larger than those 'hitherto built, but are to" have
a speed of only^ 25^ knots,; a' reduction !of I flve knots. It will no
dcubt result ; in' a' far; superior class ' of vessels, with greater
strength, more coal capacity and certainty of, speed. All other
naval powers have; abandoned- SO-knot ' destroyers with; small
displacements; arid' are satisfied with the maximum I speed . of
28 ; knots."> ...:•.". . ' ' .' . ' .' , ' '* .' ; ' : '
- The Agamemnon, second^ class battleship in. the British
navy, is to be sold as no longer useful. The •"Agie," or "old
wagon," as she has been nicknamed by the bluejackets, has
been a^ failure ; from the start and a ship of: which no officer
was desirous to serve in. Owing* to defective lines In the after
body the ship was exceedingly erratic in steering and required
an. ocean all to herself in; order not to inflict damage to others
by. collision' or ; running ashore. ¦ Strange 'to say, the. Ajax, a
sister ship, ¦ has not developed this defect to; the same degree."
The "Agamemnon was built in 1S83 at a cost of $3,172,500, and
has cost $403,680 in repairs up to one year ago, which, compara
tively small cost of repairs indicates that the ship was of very
little use and has done but little service. ' ¦
shallow- water when the engineers sucked -up .water -to
flush some of the "bearings, with, the result that the bearings
¦were 'heated to- fusing point by sand . friction. The Spartlate
Is the last vessel of eight of the same size and type, all calcu
lated-to make 20.75 knots,' which, However, has not been real
ized, owing to trouble experienced with the, boilers, which are
of the Belleville type. The cost of the six cruisers built by
contract ranged from $2,805,000 to $2,6$0,000, while the Andro
meda, built at Pembroke, is reported to have cost 52,875,000.
and the Spartiate, also built at Pembroke, cost $3,065,000 up to
April 1," 1901: , ¦-.¦¦
•. - ... ' .
THE Spartiate,' a sheathed cruiser of 11.00& tons. '.'Is. still
tied up at the Pembroke, dockyard since her unsuccess
ful trial November 13, 1900. She was 1 laid down . May 10.
¦1897, launched October 27, 1898, and: on her trial run into
Spartiite, th? Last of Eight Vessels of the Same Size and- Type, Is Still T.ed Up at
Pembroke After Her Unsuccessful Trial Over a Year Ago.
In .California the conditions < continue to improve
and the prospects for a fine year are brilliant. The
rains appeared late, but th^y have been making up
for lost time in the 'Central and northern 'portions,
which have now received ample moisture to insure
large crops with the usual late spring showers..; In
• gome counties north of the bay. the rainfall has been
very heavy during the past three t or four days. The
south, however, is still neglected on this score, and
though it has received some rain a good deal more is
needed. There is an active demand for wheat, bar
i ley, butter, eggs, hay, potatoes, and other farm pro
ducts,, and at prices considerably over the normal as
a rule. The farmer has had very little to complain,
of during the past year, which is a good thing, for
the farmer as a rule gets the short end of most propo
sitions, and everybody, is glad when things go his
way. He will roll up another" good • year, unless
current indications fail, and' if he does the whole
State -'will do > likewise/
'A survey of business conditions all over, the, State
reveals nothing but [prosperity! San" Francisco is
• still doing a large local v and export business.'. real
estate is decidedly looking up, both in city and coun-'
> try, the demand for property being more active than
for years, and at impioving prices, both for farms ;
and town lots. 'Population is' increasing, rapidly. and
; everybody seems to . have ' money. . "
But the week w,as not wanting in many very
favorable indications. The South, which has lately
been handicapped by considerable depression in the
cotton trade, is now cheered by a marked improve
ment in this industry, raw cotton having taken the
up grade again, with advancing quotations and an in
crease of 13 per cent in ih% exports during the past
five months, while Chicago reports increased orders
from Southern wholesalers. It is to be hoped that
cotton will continue to improve, for .the South has
been lagging behind the rest of the country for a
year or more. There is a fear, however, that cotton
is being over-exported, and that in consequence our
American manufacturers are not as fully supplied as
they should be. Meanwhile the manufactured cotton
is following the raw material up, and a number of
lines report advanced quotations and - large orders
extending into the future. The. iron and steel trades,
too, are keeping up their record-breaking pace, with
immense orders for future delivery. This industry,
however, is still sadly hampered by scarcity of cars,
which has caused the temporary suspension of oper
ations at a number of important mills. The South
west is suffering from lack of water, and St. Louis
and Kansas City report that the railroads are haul
ing it one hundred miles, while the wheat crop in
that section is being cut down materially by the
same deficiency. The spring trade is reported lively
and expanding all over the country, the best reports
still coming from the West and Northwest, though
Eastern advices are much better than heretofore.
The failures last. week were 265, against 226 for the
same week last year.
x -r tIIILE there are not at present any pro
\f\/ nounccd features to general trade there
V Y are many minor ones which, indicate that
t..c .j^siness of the country is still on an unshaken
basis and that there are no signs now that the cur
rent activity and prosperity will not continue indent
nitely. The bank clearings of the country last week
fell off to a decrease of 1.4 per cent as compared
with the corresponding week last year, and a num
ber of the largest cities heretofore showing regular
gaifrs appeared in the column of decreases. The ag
gregate clearances cf the country, too, were the
smallest for a long time, but this does not necessarily
imply a slackening in trade, being largely due to
the interruption to railway traffic and general busi
ness by the severe storms over the land a fortnight
ago. This is shown by the decrease of 3.5 per cent
in railway earnings during the first week in Febru
ary, this being the first falling off in these earnings
for a long time. " That these signs, which at first
glance seem unfavorable, only indicate transitory
conditions, is shown by the fact that rebuilding, fol
lowing recent explosions and great fires, has been
promptly begun, and on a greater scale than before.
This feature is attracting attention, as showing gen
eral commercial confidence throughout the country.
THE CONDITION OF TRADE.
The matter is one of serious concern to the mu
nicipality, and should .be kept in mind by the public
generally as well as by the municipal authorities. As
the requests of the police department for patrol boats
have been in the, past, so 'they may 'be againj
unless public sentiment is aroused on the subject. It :
is for that reason" that The Call returns to the issue
and once more points out its importance. An effi
cient water front patrol cannot be provided by the
i police without patrol boats, which, will enable" them .
to guard property from assaults by thieves or bur
glars approaching from the water/ That much will'
not be disputed by -any one who has any acquaint
ance with the situation. , A' water: patrol is therefore •
a' matter of urgency, and should be supplied^ at the
earliest moment possible.. ; ;; . *
.Every other- civilized city: in' v the' world having an
extensive water front provides^ "for- police supervisio; n
on water as well as on land. In the seaport cities of
our own country that/gervice is' provided for' as care
fully, as any other. ; :' Sali Francisco is the only con
siderable seaport; in the .United States where ,' the -po-"
lice department- is handjcappel by : a lack', of s means
for watching ,and pursuing water thieves; and'yet 'it
is safe to say; there isUiardly; any, city,' not even'ex
cepting the largest, such as New York and Chicago,
where a, water patrol is so important as here. '• ' i
, ,Our water, front extends foivmiles along the north-':
cm and eastern sides of . the 'peninsula. In many
places : the wharves at e built-~c>ut. over the j water, so :
that, thieves can row under them; an'd attack stores
and warehouses from beneith?;'-It : 'was; in that way.
that .therecent robberies were •committed, and thV
thieves worked in security,"^ orrtlie'y.* were "completely. .
out of sight of .the VoljfttpsJi^^^^AS^^tiit^M^
The comparative impunityjAvit^'wfiicli- such.jrobbenesi"
cah -be committed is a^"engou^gerhep^'t^;tteeves{V.
and it is a foregone ccnclusion they' v will. continue to 1
operate in that way as long as present conditions con-^
tinned • « . -. I
SOME days ago 'irjj the'eourse^qf an investigation
concerning-.: robberies 'fon' ¦thevw^ter; front The
Call brought; jV^t light ; the 'fact that; the \ police'
d.epartment of th'e'f'city'"has j not. a single 'boat for a
water. front- patrol. > '.This. lack of an equippent neces
sary for, an ejfictent»Vervice'on the part of the police
should • hot 'lie ' forgdtten ; nor.; overlooked,
should it be ignored funtil new. robberies once more
impress it upon the 'public mind. 1 It is never a : wise
policy to wait forthe;'h6fse to be stolen before locking
the stable door. A patrol boat : service : should; be:'es
tablished, not after further robberies ''havfe been com
mitted, but at once' in , order to preven^.them.: ' ; r 'f. i j
A -PATRO^ fif>A^>NEEDED]
¦ Prince Henry;; ni3y:iiQt ; l3e'th'e.Qnly. royal pebble on
the American beach. this year,' for : it is .announced that
visits are expected: from the Dowager Queen of Italy
and tHeCrown prince of 'Siam and possibly from the
Crown 'Prince of >^a^ad. rHenry, however,' will, have
this advantage . over JtHe others' that -they coriie^merely
as royalties,. t>ut . he.Hs^com^ng \ to launch; a^ yacht. ; :- -
. ¦¦ , * * -
J^HNvD. SPRECKELS. Froprietor- ''/£/%
, Acdrew All Cosiaaiiicitioni t» W. S. LEAKS, Xanager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . ... . .Telephone Press JI04
PUBLICATIOX OC'PICXS... Market and TMrd, S. P.
-Telephone Press 2O1. ¦
EDITORIAL HOO3IS. . . . .317-to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone l»re«» «UiI.
Delivered liy CarrJern, 15 Centsi Per Week. ;Vc
-Sin«Ie -Copies, S Cents.
• Tornin l»y Mall, JncJudiupr Postagei '
DAII^T CALL, -<ir.cludir.e Sunday), one year. $8.00
1>AILY CALL (lncl'j"IInjE Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ..- 65c
r SUNDAY CALL, One Tear. 1.5;»
WEEKLY CALL, One Year .1.00
All postmasters nre nntUorlied to receive
« a bi*c.r ix> 1 1 o n f».
Sample cories will be forwarded when requested,
£ Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be '
particular to eJve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ..... .... 111S Broadway
, — |
C- GEORGE KROGXESS. '
Kiaigtr Foreign Advertising, Ktrgnetts Buildia-j. Chicago.
§' (Lcr.g Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW ' YORK CORRESPONDENT :'
. CARLTOX. . . . .*. . .... .'. . .... Hernld Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PHEX.B. SMITH. ....... .30 Tribune Bulldtner
NEW YORK XEWS STANDS: V. L J%
/• Wai 3orf- Astoria Hotel; A. • . Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill- Hotel. t - •
BR.1XCU OFFICES— «27 Montgomerj-, comer of Cley. open
. until 9:30 o'-clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. (W3
•V* ;. r. McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, oornc Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1093 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 p'-clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 0 p. m.
-'. ; Mrs. Worthington • Ames 'was an airy
fairy looking butterfly.-; The skirt was of
fluffy ¦ accordeon-plaited^ chiffon, dotted
With/, tiny, '.wjngs,-iwh'ile'~a large butterfly
rested Uightl>vupon "her back. • "
?^l':Z'*z*t '.--.-:?:¦$'.'': . ... . . . . ...::*::
•Nobody expected to see Bessie Ames as
a cowboy, and; it is the unexpected that
always pleases, besides the leather suit
was as artistic as it was striking.- The
shorf. skirt was.; of -skin unevenly fringed
at the bottom. v -The leggings, too., were
trimmed ;;with- fringe at the side; , A
leather/ bolerp 'jacket' and shirt waist were
worn With' a'heav yleathern belt bearing a
dangerous gun. A cowboy hat
completed ythe; make-up..\ ' • . _ . •
.Mrs.'. Ashe wore a Carmen, costume of
elegant black . silk shav/la embroidered
with green and red,- with green silk fringe
everywhere.' -. ¦ .. .-„ , ... - • ; • '•¦• . :
¦ f Mrs. E.-.E. .Simmons; was a sparkling
and, bespangled Carmen. The white satin
skirt . was trimmed with a band of red
satin-richly embroidered in spangles.. Tho
jaunty while satin bolero and also the lit
tle hat .were dotted with the sauciest lit
tle velvet I balls , that danced merrily with
tho wearer. '„,-.: 1. . . ¦ _•
..Carmens galore were at the ball— if
every 'Spanish costume that was called a
'•Carmen" had been meant' for one, but I
saw but three, strictly speaking.
- Miss Edith Preston . made her costume
of two ' rare old shawls; the skirt being
a red one, while the bodice and draperies
were a black crepe shawf* richly embroid
ered in red rose's. She wore a black Span
isu lace mantilla and red roses in her
hair. '- The tambourine she , carried, filled
wtih. cigarettes for the guests, added to
.the frolic. , 7 .. - -. . •
.Miss Lucie King was bewitching as. the
"Flower. Girl" and had several men in her
train most .of. the evening. : She carried a
great basket of the ; freshest, sweeteut
blossoms and gave them away one by one
to ' her persistent followers. ,
'.The Hopkins " party ;. as , the eleven red
devils certainly made a sensation.' Th9y
were; entirely disguised with long scarlet
satin ; dominoes,- with capes, hoods and
formidable false faces. - Black satin devils
were- appliqued, at intervals on the'dom
inoes,' while '-. horns / and .". deadly spears
added"' to i.'the; portentous -aspect of the
make-up.'r ; As : most of the would-be
..Vde*vlls" "were tall; arid -wore* mustaches,
same-guests supposed they were men and
straightway j wanted them unmasked_
while others are still asking whether they
,were .""man*dr< woman— brute or human."
or" whether they were ¦ ghouls. Armed
with pitchforks, from the beginning these
artful -revelers lost no time in : contribut
ing.sto'-the gayety, of the 'occasion kt- the
expense of other revelers. They surround
ed Mr. Duperu and marched him from, one
ballroom 1 to "another at the front of their
spears. They '.certainly: took more or |e3S
advantage of their victim, 1 making much
fun. at -his- expense, buty it is needless to
I say that Mr. ; Duperu was' far too, gallant
to offer, resistance even if he had not
been overpowered j by j numbers. ' This vic
tim, however,; does- not begin to need the
sympathy given to the occupant" of the
dress suit;, who was . overcome and pinned
down to the, floor, by the pitchforks. Tni3
popular man was decidedly at the mercy
I of. the "red devils,'/ writhing about , on
the slippery, floor.! There is little doubt
i but he felt the indignity of .his position,
I but I het had no mask to conceal his " agi
tation, and the girls say his face "regis
tered." .i. - -:• '¦,¦''-:; ¦ : ¦
ball became ¦ a memory. Mo3t
of us remember what some one else did,
as It is proverbially easier to see the beam
in our -brother's - eye. '- Perhaps, . then, • I
may be able to recall a bit of gossip from
the confidential groups of those with
whom the Mardi Gras has become a his
tory: ."..- ;.,=/' '.¦;;¦.. ; '. * . ¦ >
WHAT ' did you . do , at the Mardi
Gras?" has been ' the merry
.topic . of; -conversation ; every
where • since' that : important
t : : ; ; ; »
When Miss Catherine Herrin removed
that mysterious yellow domino we discov
ered a beautiful- eighteenth century shep
herdess costume. A picture hat wa3 the"
setting for her girlish face.'
• • * •:
¦ How devoted are the fair buds and their
friends to Mrs. Warfleld! They, throng
her drawing-room at every opportunity,
and go away and pronounce her an ideal
hostess. Somehow she has that ; happy
f acuity of getting ' the right people to-
gether.and appointing everything; so per
fectly for their enjoyment. Yesterday I
saw' numbers of girls, from San Francis-
bo's, . most , ; exclusive J set going Into the
WASTING OF MILLIONS IN THE CONSTRUCTION
OF FAULTY WARSHIPS IN BRITISH DOCKYARDS
SALL3C SHARP.
Mrg. Simon Clayburgh gave a delightful
luncheon to forty-five guests at her home,
1916 Jackson street, on Friday.
University Club on Thursday in honor of
Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs. The guests in
cluded Mrs. Walter L. Dean." Mrs. Mount
ford S. Wilson, Mrs. Horace Blanchard
Chase and Mrs. James W. Keeney.
Angeles. The decorations were spring
flowers. , There were over* fifty guests re
ceived by- Mrs. Frederick E;. Magee. Mi33
Leslie Green, .Miss 'Agnes : Duff and Miss
Garber. .' - ' •'' \ '"-' l ' -
• • •
Mrs. W. S. Tevis gave a luncheon at tha
Mrs. "W. S. Hochstadter gave a very en
jjoyable "at home" Saturday afternoon
j at 1322 Sutter street. The f orty-flve guests
were entertained at cards and fifteen pret
ty :ind artistic prizes were offered* to tha
fortunate players. The j drawing-rooms
were lavishly decorated.in foliage and cut
flowers. The afternoon was ; pleasantly
spent.
• - • • ¦ .. '
Miss Juliette Garber was hostess at a
delightful tea" Saturday at her Berkeley
home in honor of Mrs. F. Btxby of Los
Mrs. S." B. Johnson and daughter, lira.
John G. Barker, entertained thirty-five of
their friends at their Mill Valley cottage
Saturday evening. The guests were large
ly residents of Mill Valley. : Progressive
pedro was the feature of the entertain
ment. The several prizes were Chinese
and were very attractive. The cottage
' was prettily decorated ¦ with* spring flow
,, ers and foliage. The guests enjoyed the
hospitality extended and the affair was
enjoyable In every detail. A dainty sup
per was served.- Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. \House, Mr: and Mrs.
Frank House, Clifford House,- Mr. and
Mrs. Will' Barnard, H. Barnard, Dr. and
Mrs. Cutter, Mr. -and Mrs. Frank Bost
wick, Mr. and Mrs. John Arnold, ilr. and
Mrs. John Wood, Mrs. L. C Tyler, Mra.
R. A. House, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Rey
nolds, Mr and Mrs. S. B. Johnson and
Mr and Mrs. John G. Barker.
' - • * •
The Pleasure Seekers thronged Golden
Gate Hall Saturday evening. Two hundred
.guests enjoyed a cotillon and banquet.
The hall was elaborately decorated for
the occasion and the scene was a f estiva
one." After the informal dance the ban
iquet began about .middKht. ' ¦ ; v
There was a very pretty tea afc'the Chi
nese Presbyterian Mission yesterday aft
ernoon. It was a "tea" In every sense of
the word. All the Chinese guests, as well
as those at the mission, attended in their
native dress, . while the Oriental eff ect3,
both In costume and decoration, were ar
tistic to look upon and a feast of richness
and color. Miss D. Cameron, the super
intendent, sent out 200 invitations, and
nearly that number were present. There
was no set programme, but musical selec
tions were given by the Chinese children
in the home and by young people who ars
connected with the mission church. A
Chinese orchestra was also in attendance,
and delicious tea was served by the
dainty almond-eyed . maidens.- Among the
guests, were the v Chinese Government of
ficials and officers from the Chinese Bu
reau and the Custom-house. Miss Camer
on was assisted in receiving by the presi
dent and officers of the Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions.
. - • . * •
California Hotel, each going, to -have a
delightful little visit with Mrs. Warfleld
and meeting others who came for the
same reason. They were pictures in their
stylish gowns and light, fluffy feather
boas, with great artistic hats to set eft
their rare sort of Perhaps
the greatest charm, of all is the happy
girlish frankness of their- young lives.
• • •
; The United States contemplates the alliance with
complacency.' We could not make such an alliance
on paper. But our policy in the East is , identical
with that of. England. If the sentiment of this new
treaty so impress China that she is moved to enter
into one like it with Great Britain and Japan, there
will rise in the East a new dreibund that will eclipse
Germany's triple alliance in ' Europe, and will arch
the bow of promise over all the future of Asia.
But is.it not true that her designs upon the Indian
frontier are out of time? Since^the Sepoy rebellion a
great change has^come over India. It is no longer
rebellious • in feeling toward Great Britain. The
Rajahs have been conciliated.- The religious sec
taries '._ have : been' kept apart, and the museum^ of
races on that great peninsula is a British museum,
English in feeling, loyalty arid purpose.- The Hin
doos themselves, introspective, cultivating philoso
phy, rather than the defensive arts, have for ages
been subject to foreign masters and the history of
their country since Clive's victory at Plassy presents
the English as the best masters -they have had. With
all its "errors English rule . contrasts favorably with,
that of the descendants of the Timour, the Mahome
tan Moguls, who sat on. the peacock throne at Delhi.
Russia, in the light of her anti-English intrigues- in
Persia, has anticipated an Indian .uprising against
England if the Cossacks 'marched over the border.;
But this will not be. If a counter move were made
on India, Russia must get what she gains as a con
queror, not as a deliverer. Therefore, it is probable
that she will bear in silence the Anglo-Japanese alli
ance and all that it implies. , .
The power that is hit hardest is' Russia, for her
designs were the most ambitious. So far she has
made no^ sign, and her flinching is kept out of sight
of her. rivals. Her policy, since she began her march
ever the Khanates of Central Asia, has been, to ap
proach as near to England's Indian frontier as pos
sible, planting herself within striking distance, to de
liver a blow when -it suited her policy. To this end
she dominates the Shah, has intrigued with the
Ameer of Afghanistan and has disturbed the men
who watch over the affairs of Turkistan.
In addition to this, it is the first treaty of alliance
mTade between an Asiatic and Western power. It
advances Japan to the. rank of the ruling nations of.
the world, gives her the hegemony of Asia, assures
her territorial integrity and internal. stability. As far
as English diplomacy is concerned, it is the master
stroke of all the ages. Up to this time Disraeli's
purchase of control of the Suez canal has held the
record in modern English statesmanship. The im-;
portance of that act is marvelously' enhanced by this
coup of Lord Salisbury. England controls the Medi
terranean by Gibraltar, the short water route to the
Orient by the canal, the Indian ocean by her Indian
empire, and is stationed along the • route eastward
in Burmah, Ceylon and the Straits Settlements, and,
with her standard raised beside that of Japan, in the
Western Pacific, appears as the primate of the des
tiny of Eastern Asia.
. The Anglo-Japanese treaty : changes all this, and
has set a higher mark for the world in all dealings
with Asia. Hereafter it is going to be very difficult
for the Western nations to prosecute aggression by
treaty in Asia.
In the first place it is the first abandonment of the
historic attitude, maintained by the Western nations
toward Asia. Heretofore the Western nations have
never acknowledged 'equality of right in an Asiatic
government. The European treaties 1 with the East
ern nations have been as" a rule forced, made under
duress and for the purpose of gaining advantage for
the stronger party at the expense of the weaker. Of
this class were the French and English treaties with
China following the sacking of Pekin in i860. The
Russian treaty ¦ relating - to Manchuria that is still
pending is of the same -class. -While the other .... na
tions were holding China down, occupying her capi
tal, and her government was in flight and in hiding,
Russia' sought, to take advantage of Jier defenseless
condition and force a treaty that was for the ex
clusive advantage of Russia. Only the deathbed
firmness of Li Hung Chang "prevented the accom
plishment of this Muscovite plot.
NO event amongst the nations has ever, stirred
diplomacyias near to its depths as the treaty.
" of alliance, offensive and defensive, between
England, and Japan. ..
SURPR ISES AT TH E MARDI GRAS
MERRY TOPIC OF CONVERSATION
The situation is interesting because it afTords an
other opportunity; for. making a fight for the. creation
df;a Department of and Alining. If- there, is
tb'-be' undertaken^anythirig like a thorough and 'sys
tematic reassignment '. of i the various * bureaus ; of ' ad
ministration . at'this^sessiori of .Congress' it: is the im
perative duty .of' the. 'Congressmen from _ the", mining,
States to look,-aft?r{;i:hvv mining^ industry, -and see to* it
that all bureaus;, dealing with it be : rightly, grouped
in one department .and ' placed under a '. central super
vision and co ntrbl . : 7 If .it ¦'. be found impos sibl e . to "ob
tain a Department of Mines under control of. a Cabi
net, officer, then there?$hould 'be a resolute -insistence'
upon the creation'ofial bureau of mines. \ Something,
at least should b^' obtained 'for that -great industry
out of the present moyement-fdr a.'general reform'in
the work of administration. 1 : ' L. : - -i '¦' ,V> . : £.'*•'.£ ¦ -
4440, while'. Attornex/General Kriox has but .141 ;,and
Secretary Hay. only, 95. V It is believed that if "a proper
assign ment of .bureaus' were "made . it" would result"" in
a more equal distribution of the work of the depart-;,
merits. ', ¦ .-¦ ¦¦'.. \'i* ' . . '
The creation of- tlie proposed . Department "of Com- i
merce and Industry will afford ah opportunity for re
assigning mariy/of the bureaus. and thus clearing away!,
something of tlie existing, confusion; and duplication"
of work. In^ the form in -which it passed-the Seriate
the bill is not satisfactory in that respect, an'd hence
the belief that it jwi.ll be somewhere -held ¦ up ] for thor
ough revision before put upon; its final passage. ¦ ¦
THE ANGLO-JAPANESE TREATY,
TITE SAN FRANCISCO O^^WgKD^Y'^^Bm^^Yi IT; 1902^
MISS CATHERINE HERRIN AS
SHE APPEARED AT THE'
MARDI GRAS CARNIVAL IN
THE COSTUME OF AN EIGH
TEENTH CENTURY ' SHEP
HERDESS. " '
'(Photo by Habenlcht.)
4
Columbia— "Way Down East."
Grand Opera-house — "A Temperance Town."
California— "The Sign of the Cross."
Central — "An African King."
Alcaz&r — "The Orient Express.**
Chuiei. Zoo and XMatm- — Vaudeville every afternoon and
eventas. ...
Metropolitan . Hall — Song Recital.
Oakland Kacetrack— llaces to-day. '
AHUSEHENTS.
By TVm. G. Layng — Monday evening, February 17. at 7:45
o'clock. Racehorse* a.ud Stallions, at Til Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.Herbert C." Lewis, superintendent of the
Boys and Girls' Aid Society, opened the
discussion which followed with a hearty
indorsement of the Illinois. law. Mrs. Dr.
¦i Dorothea Moore followed with a brief
- statement '¦ in which she gave an account
of her investigation of the Chicago juve
nile court,", which,- in ; her judgment, > was
/worthy, of emulation here.
Money Wanted in Charity. ' r J.
X The opening address "at the . evening
' session was by, Andrew M. Davis, who
.'¦•- spoke on the subject of '.'Co-operation
of the '/Associated Charities . With the
Merchants'. Association in the Formation
- of . a Central Endowment ' Committee of
- the 'Charities ; of the City." He said
; large sums of money were being . collect
ed, and disbursed for charity without ac
complishing ! much good. "A special com
'mittee of : the association .inquired into
I, SPEAKERS WHO ADVOCATE THE
m ESTABLISHMENT OF JUVENILE
. COURTS THROUGHOUT 'STATE.
Sometimes a young lady shows her dis
like for a mustache by setting her face
against it.
James Fallon. a plumber employed bv
H. : Huffschmidt, . had - a narrow escape
from death '..by asphyxiation last Satur
day night.: 1 Fallon hired : a room at &1G
Larkln street late Saturday night, and on
going to bed accidentally turned on the
gas. He was found yesterday morning in
an unconscious condition and was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where he was
soon revived.- . .... • ..-'¦-,-
Fallon Lets Gas Escape.
Are not to .be . compared to our new
patent' back, flat opening Bank Books
which cost no more, than the' old stvle*
and are infinitely better. We are atrenta
for Berkshire Typewriting Papers, Regal
Pencils, and headquarters lor all office
supplies. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
The Old Humpbacks
It was announced by Mr. Schussier that
so soon as the water rates for this year
had been fixed by. the Board' of Super
visors the company was prepared to build
a tunnel under the bay at a depth of
ninety-one feet below lowest depth of the
water large enough to contain the pipes
needed to utilize the supply from the dam
which" will be built this year.
- A. trip will be made to the San Mateo
County properties of the company dur-
Injr the week. -
After leaving Sunol a trip was made to
the artesian wells, sixty-eight In num
ber, which have : been bored recently near
Pleasanton. According to Mr. Schusslur,
there are two developedsources of suppiy.
One Is a flowing river, which apparently
has its source in Mount Diablo, and at a
small depth can be tapped. This water is
used by the residents of Pleasanton, and
experiments - made by- the company show
.that -if the water in the wells supplied
from this source are.heayily drawn. upon
the people of Pleasanton suffer for- water.
The second source is a well defined sub
terranean lake of water comprising some
700 acres, so far as investigation has gone,
which is apparently inexhaustible. The
average depth of the wells reaching this
lake is slightly over 200 feet, and the nat
ural pressure, as developed yesterday,
showed a six-inch column of water thrown
fully ten feet above ground.
- The water, from these wells Is controlled
and can be turned at short notice into the
natural bed of gravel into which flows all
the water of the San Antonio, Calaveras
and Laguna valleys. . The underground
workings, of the different branches of thu
system were thoroughly examined and
explained. The methods of controlling the
supply was illustrated . by practical op
erations. • —
Mr. Schussier drove the party to the
San Antonio Valley, where it is proposed
to erect a dam 130 feet high to eaten ire
water of the basin 1 embraced ' in one cf
the natural catchment basins and which
will' be filtered through the stratum of
gravel which investigation ehows under
lies the whole section traversed.
According to tne statements made by
Schussier, there are three valleys in the
Bunol district which alone are capable of
supplying this city with all tne water
needed. A watershed of 1S5 square milts
drains Into tne several valleys, of which
the company owns thirty-two square
miles. Inis property is a natural bed of
gravel, into which tne water sinks and Is
retained until it is necessary to use it.
The .company" has tapped the -bed of
gravel and is now piping the water under
neath the bay to the city.
.Supervisors Alpers, Bent, Booth, Bran
denstein, Jj'Ancona, .Lynch, Lougnery,
Mccieilan, Wilson and Wynn ana vienta
Jrtyan ana tacUmneds represented the Su
pervisors. Micnaet Casey ana "City En
gineer tirunsky represented the Board of
jfublic Works. - Hermann bchussler and a
number of his assistants represented the
water, works company and explained tne
peculiar features . of this' Buppiy as they
nave been developed.
At the request of the Spring Valley
Water, Works (Company a delegation from
the Board of Supervisors and the Board
of Public Works yesterday investigated
the sources of the water supply of that
company in the valleys adjacent to Sunol
and Pleasanton in Alameda County. The
party left the . city on an early boat and
was driven over a stretch of country em
bracing over thirty, miles.
Members of Board Examine
Alameda County Lands
of Company.
SIGHTSEERS COLLECT AT
THE PARK AND CLIFF
Take Advantage of Pair Weather
and Enjoy Outing at City's
Pleasure Places..
The appearance of the sun' for a brie*
period yesterday impelled thousands of
people to enjoy an outing at the park
and cliff. The park was filled by thoae
who, through the inclemency of tha
weather during, the weeks past, took op
portunity of yesterday's sunshine. Tha
rain came Just as the crowd was wend'
ins -its way. homeward, so did little dam
age to the costumes of the pleasure
seskera.
• . ¦ ¦ » ¦ .
Foot Injured by a Car.
Earl Clark, a youth living at 4034 Sev
enteenth • street. - was knocked down yes
terday afternoon by a Guerrero-street
car at the corner of Seventeenth street,
and sustained a severe injury to his
right foot. Dr. Beale dressed the in
jury. •
Shows Supervisors Some
Hidden Sources of
Supply.
LOTS OF WATER,
SAYS SCHUSSLER
5
THE SA^S" FE ANC1SCO ' CALL, • MONDAY, FEBRUAEY 17, 1902.
Look. on Back
of the skirt binding you buy for the trade
mark S.*H." & M.'It is your, guarantee that
jiouare gettiog the best made. ____.;. .• .
¦ SANTA' POSA, : Feb. .16.— James Pre-!
drola; ;' an'; employe X of a , Sonoma butcher
ing firm, -was , attacked by ¦ ; a' savage i boar
'yesterday it and 'i narrowly 'f escaped* • death
As- it I Is, I he • wilUbe ' fortunate if ¦ he ¦'¦, does ;
not contract i lockjaw.".-;. The | boar r. rushed :
at Predroia , and fastened \ its itusks ! in I his
thighr It^ was several; minutes, before i the
beast ,r could i be : compelled : to: loosen'iifs
hold. ..The fleshwasvbadly tornandjacer
ated,>and:'if > the; man- had -not" kept |his
feet he would in all ' probability have been
killed 'by the anlmaL .. 5_ _ _. _^_^- ,,
Attacked by I Savage ; Boar.
' ' PHOENIX, ; Ariz., Feb. 16.— Mrs. . Lelani
Stanford i'and j her i secretary, : Miss f Berths
Berner,' spent ? the ; day,, here - and • left to
night for Palo 'Alto via the Southern : Pa
ciflci In; the 'private car "Stanford. 1 / Thej
are • en^ route : home ; from : New Th«
visit to"* Phoenix ">was occasioned \ by ' th«
desire : of . Miss : Berner to V visit : her invalic
mother,,who is spending \ the winter here.
Mrs*. Stanford on Way to Palo Alto.
HAVANA,, Feb. 16.— Major" Gorges, chief
sanitary officer of Havana,'!says;the,prin
cipal.work of : the'sanltary department for.
the past year. has hadifor Its object Uhe
extermination of yellow fever and that he
has many reasons to believe that Havana
has been actually purged of the disease.
During, the last 100 years. Major. Gorges
says, yellow fever has been epidemic In
Havana and all sanitary measures- that
•have been taken have had no effect, i Gen
eral disinfection,* as carried oufforj other"
diseases, has been tried to no purpose.'but
yellow, fever sharply disappeared upon 1 the
Introduction of the -system • based on I the
killing of Infected mosquitoes,' on the the
ory ' that by such . mosquitoes ~ only .could 1
the disease be transmitted. From Septem
ber 28, 1901; not a single case of the fever,
has, been reported,, and "this condition 1 is
so unusual, that in the opinion: of: Major
Gorges it puts aside all questions * of
No Yellow Fever in Havana.
s LONDON," Feb. 16.'— The army estimates,
Issued ; yesterday, show.; a grand ¦ total : for
the: year. 1902-3 ' of t £69,310,000, which ; is 5 In-'
tended to provide for 420,000 men, 1 of which
219,700 , are ¦ for/ the; ordinary; army. : service
arid 200,300 for- war service.;: The estimates,'
of which 1 £40,000,000 Is = required • f or i war,
show a ; decrease under this- head of £23,
230,000,- compared .with 1901-2. -In a memo
randum > War i Secretary: Brodrick explains
that ; the ! estimates are i sufficient | to main
tain; a' field: force in South Africa of ,,the
present strength for eight or nine months
of the i new | fiscal ;• year.; ; . •
: Britain's Army \ Estimates Issued.
MONTEREY,/ Feb. ' 16.— Governor ) GagJ
has appointed .the :followirigrJ persons to b<
members i of-' the „* commission^' having ] Ir
charge ithe > restoration \ or s preservation : oi
the old custom-house at this place: -R.F
Johnson *> of ; Monterey, =\Valter , C. Little 01
Pacific : Grove, J. : A: Tre*cony ¦ of .: San Lu
cas, 'A.' Materson of '- Santa ; Cruz and E
iMyron {/Wolfe ', of ¦ San ' Francisco. ,.; The ap
pointmer ts | are ; to take effect at once ant
the ¦-' work v of ; restoration : : will » be "- begur
without ' delay," v the «=? Legislature : having
made "an : appropriation- of ¦ $4800; to covei
the expenses' of 'restoration.
Will: Restore Famous; Building.
STOCKTON. Feb. 16.— Charity Lodge
No. 6, I. O. o: F., to-day- celebrated the
fiftieth anniversary of its formation. Tha
anniversary properly < fell upon : the' 14th,
but it was postponed until to-day -in or
der that the members might attend the
celebration in a body, at Central M. E.
Church. Grand Master ."William Nichols
Jr. was present and Past Grand Master
C, O. Burton, who has been a member of
the lodge for forty-eight years, acted as
president of the day. Past Master Wil
liam H. Barnes delivered the principal ad
dress.- " . : ¦ ..
Burton was one of the first noble grands
of the lodge, and his historical review : of
Its existence was highly interesting. The
Rev. R. H. Sink^read an original poem
dedicated to the lodge.- Excellent musical'
numbers added to the programme. Char,
ity Lodge, has 350 members, including
some of the best known citizens of Stock
ton. ,' It has a reserve asset fund aggre
gating . 160,000.
ton Observe Day With Not
able" Ceremony. .
Members of Charity Lodge in Stock-
Issues : Order Prohibiting the Mer
chants of Mazatlan. From Hand
' lingV Munitions of War. :
DURANGO, * Mex., r Feb. 16.— It': having
come -to the (knowledge of the high , au
thorities of the' Mexican Government thai
unusually • large ; consignments . of arms
and .'ammunition were '': being ; received b>
the \ merchants -of ; the • cities of Durangc
and Mazatlan, Secretary, of 'War. Bernardc
Keyes has Just Issued « an - order, prohibit
ing, the sale of any. kind of arms or othei
weapons of war ' and ammunition by th<
merchants of.- Mazatlan, and limiting; ali
of the merchants throughout the State
and in the city > of , Durango to . sell ¦ not tc
exceed five rifles,* five revolvers and 1(X
cartridges to each gun per month. - '
MEXICAN/ GO VERNMENT
LIMITS SALE OF ARMS
The speaker said further that under the
law in Chicago people of various nation
alities and creeds were compelled to care
for their dependent children. The pur
pose of the law In the treatment of chil
dren was to care for ¦ and , train them the
same as might be done in a private fam
ily. When a boy or girl falls into the
hands of. the law because of some act of
his or . hers, the child is reprimanded by
the court and sent away in. charge of a
probation officer.. This attache 6t the
court pays periodical visits to the home
of the child and watches its future con-
duct;
If it shows a disposition to do what is
right it is released, but if the contrary,
the court orders its detention in a re
formatory. A valuable assistant to the
operations of the court is the compulsory
education law and the child-labor law.
Children are required to go to school un-
Jtil they are 14 years of age. The Chicago
ODD FELLOWS CONDUCT
ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATIOiSr
The general subject of the care and
treatment of children by legal process
was considered in the afternoon. The
principal speaker was Mrs. Margaret P.
Falconer, a probation officer of a Chicago
court. She explained the character of her
duties under the law relative to the hand
ling of boys and girls who come under
the jurisdiction of the juvenile court. She
said no child should be sent to .jail or
kept there for a prolonged period. The
contaminating influences encountered at
the police station by a child under 12
years of age necessarily were harmful.
THE sessions of the State • Confer
ence of Gharities . and Corrections
were largely attended yesterday.
The afternoon meeting was held at
the First Unitarian Church, at
Geary and Franklin streets, while the
evening session was held at the Young j
Men's Christian Association.
) The majority, of the Arizona newspapers
are favorable - to » Daniels' appointment.
The prevalllngr sentiment ¦'appears to-be
that If. Daniels violated; the law previous
to the Spanish-American war he ha3
atoned therefore -by having made a good
record "as a soldier and especially; by his
heroism at the battle of San Juan hill. ~.
TUCSON, .Ariz..; Feb. ; 16.— Ben ,F. Dan
iels, twice confirmed by .the United States
Senate /arid ; his j commission issued as
United States Marshal of Arizona, has ar
rived here. His reception by c :,the people
of '-, Tucson," irrespective of . party., was
verv cordial..".: '•.'•.• .-- . ¦ ., '
Causes a Bow Arrives in
> '&. Tucson. ¦
PEOPLE. OF ARIZONA
: WELCOME MR. DANIELS
Man Whose Appointment as Marshal
Judge Coffey, was .the next speaker. He
indorsed the suggestions of Mrs. Falconer:
and said the Idea of- a juvenile^ court was
one that ought [ to be extended .all over
the Union. ' In his career as Judge of .the
probate department of. the Superior Court
he had concluded. that the State ought • to,
render aid to abandoned children.' Noth- .
ing was ¦ ¦ so miserable as - an abandoned .
child left a waif I by vicious parents. The
Penal 'Code was not made for children. It
was not always the fault of parents that'
children become wayward, but frequently
conditions were.such as to render parental
control futile. Mental and manual train-,
ing of children should go hand in hand to
gether. What is needed, more than any-,
thing else in the handling of children. Is a
knowledge of child nature. > ¦ • ¦
„ The speaker expressed the hope that the
Constitution of California was sufficiently;
elastic to'permit the- framing and enact
xrient of a law ' which would embody the
essential features of the Illinois law re
lating to children. .He belUved a com
pulsory education law in this State would
be prolific of satisfactory results. -The
judges would favor any enactments which
would Improve - present -conditions and
they would* uphold them if they did not
violate Constitutional provisions. • v» .
Judge • Sloss followed • with : a: statement
concerning the powers of the courts un
der the Constitution. H« did not think
the ' Constitution .was antagonistic, to the
enactment of a ; law ' similar to that of Il
linois alluded to. by Mrs. Falconer. In
his judgment there was- time enoutth to
prepare an act ; before the - sitting of the 7
next Legislature ' which would answer all
requirements , and stand the rigorous '.test
of the Supreme Court. .
Juvenile Court Is Indorsed.
system .was Indorsed by- the speaker as
being the best thus far devised. She sug
gested that a similar .law be enacted in
California. \ • ¦ " ' .
Oppose the Special Convention.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb.. 16.— The refer
endum vote of .the Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners of America to decide
whether a special convention shall be
called to take action on the case of P. J.
Macgulre, general secretary and treasurer
of the Brotherhood, who is under bail,
charged with embezzling- funds belonging
to the union, decides .against a special
convention. There is an alleged- shortage
of $10,000 in Macguire's accounts.
The conference will close with sessions
this morning, • afternoon and evening . ir
the Auditorium. The reform . school wii:
be discussed this afternoon, and. the cart
of the: dependent child will be the theme
for the closing ' session. .. :
The cities of the world are at once filled with
vice ' and the highest virtues. Some one has
said God made the country, and man the cities.
Notwithstanding this, more good is, accom
plished -in the cities than in . the coun
try. This is largely due to the Intelligent press
which ' affords , daily university extension les
sons in matters of life. . Character is developed
by the 1 struggle for. existence. .In this struggle
the normal . and abnormal man I oppose each
other. To the abnormal class belong the pau
pers. . ! The /terms poverty and pauperism are
not • synonymous. . Many a pauper has died
wealthy.- but a- poverty-stricken man will often
die penniless. • Intemperance is an outgrowth
from rather than a cause of industrial dis
tress in. the world. They talk about the great
labor question continually.' I tell you that the
lack 1 - of . knowledge . displayed by : most - , house
wives Is more harmful than all the saloons be
tween here and New York.' You hear much of
the servant -girl . problem, but as the most /of
our housewives are their own servants .there
can be no servant girl problem. All these
things render the question of . charity one of
supreme importance. The new charity mu3t be
honest, vigorous, persevering and stern as the
pagan Greek and gentle in its administration
as Mary, the mother of Jesus Christ. Charity
is wasted when bestowed upon the undeserving.
The chief function of the Associated Charities
is to Investigate every appeal carefully.
' .Dr. Smith 'discussed the labor problem,
talked of the ; social , evils, denounced
heredity as a "nasty sham," and touched
upon the differences , between capital and
labor. : It was better "to prevent eviifa
than to cure them, and the prevention of
our . troubles cannot be accomplished
without proper- education and an earnest
regard by Ell .for the spiritual welfare
of the human race. Warm applauso
greeted the speaker at the close of his
uddness. 3aBBgttHP*B ' ¦¦ . Y
Good Accomplished in Cities.
Dr. r Samuel G. Smith followed with an
address on the subject, ; "Function of. the
Associated Charities." He remarked that
he had personally examined the -plans of
the ¦ societies , at ¦ Denver and Liverpool,
and his * judgment was that the Den /er
idea was by for the best. " The speaker
insisted that 'no money ought to be raised
in the/name of charity unless the propo
sition, has. first received the indorsement
of the Associated Charities. Resumlug,
he said: ' ¦ -..- - . - '
The speaker referred to the operations
of charitable societies in cities of Europ«
and. this country, all of which gave
away large sums. The plan of the Den
ver society was ' deemed to be the best.
The system,, it was believed, would be
beneficial ; to . the needy and .at the same
time protect the .merchants of the citv
against imposition and fraud. As an if
lustration the speaker cited an instance;
where the name of a leading Institution
was used by private persons in giving a
'benefit" performance. While the insti
tution received J150 for the use of . ' Us
name, the promoters of ,the enterprise
divided $1500 profits. Were a systematized
plan of charity adopted here this sort of
imposition could' not : be practiced. The
appointment of : a • board of J trustees to
represent the various charitable organ
izations, which .body shall exercise dis
cretionary • power in all j cases* was advo
catea. • ¦ - :
the matter and -found that more money
was being disbursed in charity in San
Francisco than any other city of simitar
population in the Union.
Judge Ewing was Introduced by Frank
H. Gould, former Speaker of the Assem
bly.
The' truth is that physical healing -is but
an incident of Christian Science. It is true
that Chritsian Scientists . do insist, and, in
deed, many of us know as certainly as Paul
knew that his Redeemer lived, that Christian
Science dees bring surcease to the heartache
and heartbreak of men; that it does give
roses for ashes, peace for pain, Jove for hate,
health for disease and life for death to men,
and yet neither one of these, nor all of them
combined, is Christian Science. They did not
complain cf the opposition that Christian Sci
ence has met for it has simply been the as
sertion of inherited belief that has for cen
turies nntajroi.ized every new thought of God.
Our fathers endured thl6 before us and their
fathers before them; yet the world has con
stantly grown brighter and better. Christian
Science is e. religion of works and, of demon
strations.- It is evident that if Christian Sci
ence Is the product of a woman that fact
carries with it two conclusions: One that -it
is absolutely honest and the other that it is
absolutely pure. • .
Long before the hour for the lecture to
begin the big hall was crowded to hear
the Judge, who is not unknown to many
of the followers of the science here, he
having delivered a lecture in the city
some two years ago. Judge Ewing is not
a recent convert to the First Church of
Christ, having embraced the faith some
sixteen years ago when, suffering from
asthma, he was pronounced to be incur
able, but found relief through the aid of
Christian Scientists. The lecturer said:
Judge William G. Ewing of Chicago,
member of the Christian science board of
lecturshlp of the First Church of Christ,
scientist, in * Boston, delivered a lecture
on Christian science at Metropolitan Tem
ple yesterday afternoon. . -:T"-
Temple Listens to Views of
Chicago Jurist.
Audience That Crowds Metropolitan
—
W. C. EWING ADDRESSES ,
CHBISTIAN SCIENTISTS
Yesterday afternoon when Bird was
seen after the effects of the liquor had
left him he would admit nothing, as he
said he had seen his lawyer, who told him
to hold his tongue. Detective Dillon
asked him if he had not made the state
ment to him that he had shot the boy,
and he did not deny it.
J. F. Buriingame, a non-union boiler
maker, who was attacked by the men and
after being knocked down fired at them,
said at the time to the police that the
man who tired at him and shot tne boy
was known to him as William Borchers,
but he probably meant Bercherts. De
tectives Graham and Fitzgerald, who are
working on the case, have not yet been
able to discover the identity of the two
men who were with Bird. -
Dillon told them he was not 'looking for
them, but Bird insisted upon being ar
rested and Dillon took them . to police
headquarters. Bird told . the same story
to Captain Seymour, and the captain.or
dered Dillon to lock them both up in the
"tanks" till tlie matter could be investi
gated. " . . > -; :
Two men got off a car from the Mission
at Kearny and Geary streets yesterday
morning: and walked up to Detective Dil
lon, who was standing at the corner. One
of them said he wanted to surrender, him
self-for shooting the boy Fred.Reger at
Seventeenth and Douglass streets Satur
day morning about' 7 o'clock. He said his
name was Thomas J. Bird and ,that he
was sometimes known as William Ber
cherts. He said he was a striking boiler
maker's helper and lived at 759 Harrison
street The man who was with him gave
.his name as Thomas J. Cusack, but said
he had nothing to do with the shooting
he was merely a friend of Bird's. ".Both
were lAider the influence of liquor. ;
He Is Put in Prison With a
Friend Pending^ an In
vestigation. .
T. J. Bird, Also Known
as Bercherts, Surren
ders Himself.
TELLS DETECTIVE
HE SHOT REGER
Interesting Addresses Are Made by: Mrs;; Martha^ P. Falconer of
Ghicagoar.d Judges Coffey and vSJass^ All "¦ of Whom Urge the
Enactment of a Compulsory Education^ Law in California
CHARITIES CONFERENCE DISCUSSES
TREATMENT OF JUVENILE OFFENDERS
ADVEBTTRETVTTiTniS.
TELEPHONE , wtftt jSTTE^
l4.hiW***^*t & CO*
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Our this week's "Specials" are
made up of many suitable "LEN-
TEN" eatables!
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY—TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Step in and try a cup of
SUCHARD'S SWISS COCOA.
Free for this entire week.
Highest grade made— freed from ex-
cess of fat. 1-lb. tin regular 90c.
8Oc. % lb. tin 50c. 4Oc.
EGGS 1 doz 23c, 2 doz 45c
Finest table— every one guaranteed.
SALMON 2-Ib tin 15c
*06lumbla River." Reg. 20c "W?ld
Flower" brand. Spring pack.
MACKEREL 10-Ib kit SI.75
Extra Me;s XXX. Reg. $2.23. This
reason's.
SARDINES large tin \'s 25c
"Beziers" from France. Reg. 30c.
"Yacht Club" brand— none finer.
FINNAN HADDIES, reg 20c 15c lb
COFFEE 2 lbs 55c. lib 28c
"Oriental." Reg. 35c A high-grade
blend, roasted and ground fresh
dally.
BAKING POWDER Mb tin 39c
"New Era," Reg. 40c. Absolutely
pure— none better.
GELATINE. "Cox's" pkglUc
The old reliable.' Reg. 12%c.
Cheese Sandwich Crackers pkg 20c
Reg. 23c. National Bl3cult Co. A
dainty wafer with a cheese filling.
SOAP,Lanndry, F ;Suy" 7 cks 25c
Reg. 5 cks. 23c. Extra value.
BIRD SEED . 4 lbs 25c
Mixed. Reg. 10c lb.
GIN, Holland—
Imported and bottled by us. Reg.
90c, 75c bot. Reg. $4.00. $3.O0 gal.
CALORIC PUNCH bottle $1.25
Reg. $1.40. J. Cederlund's Sohne,
Stockholm. The oldest and best-
ready for use.
FRUIT OR POTATO PRESS 25c
"Henls." Reg. 33c. The only gen-
uine.
TOILET PAPER, Al quality—
"Victor" brand In pkgs. Reg. 3 for
25c. 4 for 25c. "Queen" brand Jn
rolls. Reg. 3 for 25c, 4 for 25c.
TOOTHPICK HOLDER 10c
"Poreclain Delft." Reg. 13c. To be
found on every table In Europe.
TOOTH POWDER bottle 20c
"Victoria." Reg. 25c. Usterated or
plain.
TOOTH BRUSHES 15c
Assorted shapes. Reg. 20c.
CIOABS— Smoke ARAGONA or
VELASQUEZ, leaders in Key
.West Cigars.
Country orders solicited — Catalogue
Free.
ADVEBTISBMEUTS:
MSellimiodd
A healthy and well
nourished infant gains in
weight. Mellin's Food
babies gain in weight.
. Mellin's Food babies are healthy. Send
for our book and see their pictures. '
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
PAL AGE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one i side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other* re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city — depots, ferries and ; parks —
pass the entrance. .
American and European plans.
This signature Is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Taueu
th « remedy that eares o cold to on* «taqr.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-N!GHr!
NGRDI0A
SONG RECITAL.
RESERVED SEATS- $1. $2. '$3.
GENERAL ADMISSION $1.
Next Recital Wednesday Night.'
Farev/ell Saturday, Afternoon. : -
CHICAGO SY/nPHONY
ORCHESTRA,,
Four Magnificent Progrrammes.
WED. and FRIDAY KVES.- Feb. 26-28. • SAT.
""«.•'¦ ¦-.. AFT - and. NIGHT, March * 1. ; ,
Season sale opens" this ' morning.
Prices |5, $3 50 and $2 50. .
Single seats $1 50, $1 and 75c.. Ready Thurs-
da,'. Box office for above attractions Sher-'
man. Clay & Co.'s.
AMUSEMENTS. |
TO-XIGHT— LAST WEEK-
William Greet Presents the Powerful Tcung
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES D ALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE GROSS.
PCIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
NEXT SUNDAY— FEB. 23
RAY AND MACK,
SHOOTING THE CHUTESJ
t#ULU(fl_ISIA LEADING THEATRE.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
¦¦::¦¦'_; M&tlnee Saturdays.
RETURN OF ,
LAST SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS. . |
WM. A BRADY'i j
Produceiton of the Beautiful Pastoral Play,
Way Down East
Br LOTTIE BLAIR PARKER. j
Elaborated by JOS. R. GRISMER. j
A PLAIN STORY OF PLAIN PEOPLE. ;
PRICES $150. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
VAUDEVILLE MIXED! MIXED
WELL!
The Blossoms; Hawaiian Glee Club;
Warren and Blanchard; Mary Nor-
man; Dempsey and Mack Com-
pany; 3 Marvelous Merrills;
Wincherman's Bears; Jessie Dale ;
and the Biograph. j
Reserved Spats, 25c; Balcony. 10c: Box ]
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c. ¦:'--,. V j
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
Do Not Forset. This is the LAST WEEK of
the BUr Hit,
THE
.r\ iv 1 1_± sLl IV •
MONDAY. Feb. 24— The Great BOSTONIAN
OPERA.
THE SERENADE.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening: This Week.
GEORGE OBER
One of America's Foremost Comedians,'
In Charles Hoyt's Famous Comedy Drama,
A Temperance Town,-
USUAL POPULAR PRICES:
10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
Next Week— GEORGE OBER la "A MID-
NIGHT BELL." ' •>¦
M Ix <J n SSj&W
fiSHMATR €JA\
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT (Monday) and AU "Week.
The Latest German Farcical Success,
"The Orient Express"
ALL ABOARD FOR THE LAND OF FUN!
MATIKEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Bale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c
Next — "THE HEAP OF THE FAMILT."
Theater Thoroughly Heated "With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A GREAT PRODUCTION of Charles E. Bla-
ney-s (Author or •"King of the Opium
Ring) Successful Melodrama,
An African King.
PRICES — Evening, 10c to 50c; Matinee, 10c,
15c and 25c.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERXOON* ANT3 EVENING.
Kelly and Violette; Ada Araoldsen;
St. Leon Family; Marion George;
Arthur Buckner; Wingate Sisters.
NEW MOVINGTPICTURES.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
THURSDAY NIGHT
THE AMATEURS
And a FAT LADIES' BOWLING MATCH.
Telephone for~Seat» Park 23.
gig^ RACING
' r2£A2I"" -t5J?^* It cry Week Day-
'Br Rain or Shins.
N£W CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. eharp.
It errj -boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th.
uncle. Last two cars on train reserved xor
ladies and their escorts ; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vi*
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu* I
• Petxric care at Seventh and Broadway, Gat- I
l&r.d. A!&o all trains via Alameda mole con-
i.ttt with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. Tbese electric
4«rs eo direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
J'.eturr.ins — Trains leave the track, at - 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately alter the laic
la.ee.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
OCEANSIDE_GAR0ENS
AT THE BEACH.
Clds for concessions and privileges of all
dnds TV-ill be received at the company's office,
N'o. 213 Montgomery . St.. until FRIDAY, the
fcjh lust. : -
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Joszf Hofmann
fc, ¥ Kohler CKa.s*
yyy 'Pia.r\ola.
I'JT . ©eelarcsthe
Pianola the best
I of all Piana Playing
1 Devices
EM Hofmann again puts himself on record with Paderewskl. Sauer,
g Rosenthal, De Pachmann and all the pianoforte masters as a Pianola
la enthusiast.
February 13/ 1902. .
KOHLER& CHASE, . /
• Gentlemen:
; Though having already expressed myself as an ad-
mirer, of the Pianola, I am glad to say that after having
played and become better acquainted with this wonder r
ful little instrument I am more than ever impressed with
its practical and artistic advantages. I am free to say
that I unhesitatingly -pronounce it the best of all piano-
l playing devices
g 26, 28, 30 OTARRELL STREET,MARKSMEN FROM VARIOUS ORGAN
IZATIONS IN ¦; EVIDENCE -~ YESTER
DAY AT SHELL, MOUND. | ¦
H. C. Golcher made the longest cast—
129 feet- C. R. Kenniff proved the most
expert at lure casting, scoring 97.9 per
cent. Champion W. D. Mansfield did not
compete in the distance event, but was
high man with S9.8 per cent in delicacy
and accuracy. The complete' score fol
lows: , .
The members of the San Francisco Fly-
Casting Club held their first competition
of the year, yesterday morning at Stow
Lake, Golden Gate Park/ The attendance
of men interested in the gentle pastime
was unusually large and promises well for
the season.
Members Show Skill Casting
for Distance and ,
Delicacy.
Hold First Contests of
What Promises to Be '
a Big Season.
FLY-CASTERS
AT STOW LAKE
A HEAVY " wind ¦ swept '.''across ; the
: Shell Mound • rifle . ranges from
• the bay ; side yesterday and in
• terfered wlth^ the. work ; of . the"
; shooters. Nevertheless. the scores^
of the day were good— much better than
might have been expected on account of
the unusual conditions. ' ;, I .
; With the single exception of the Oak
land Turner Rifle Club the. organizations
present belonged- to- "-the Infantry and
cavalry branches of the National Guard
of California. > The - shooting consisted
entirely, of ; the . regular monthly medal
contests. K "The": City : ' Guard Rifle'. Club,,
which is :Cpmp6sedfof .old j members 'of
Company ;,B/: .First* held its
Inltiar shoot i The Shell' Mound Pistol and
Rifle Club '"announced'. its ' : prize', winners
for its Febrauary contest. '• •
| The day's scores are as: follows:
COMPANY A. -FIFTH INFANTRY, NATION
AL GUARD OF CALIFORNIA, MONTH
LY MEDAL SHOOT.
Interferes With Shooting
on "Shell -Mound
¦ .¦;•• ';¦ 'rrRapges. . -
WIND HAMPERS
THE RIELEMEN
¦CHERBOURG— Sailed Feb 16, o D m— Stm-
Kronprtnz Wilhelm.- from j Bremen and • South
ampton, for New York. ' ¦ .-. .- ¦. s
KINSALE— Passed- Feb 17, 4:15 a m^Stmr
Saxonia, from New York, for Queenstown and
OCEAN ( STEAMERS.
LATE SHIPPING; INTELLIGENCE.
Continue to sell better and better all the
time at our famous carload prices.. 'Not
only trunks * and valises,*, but dress suit
cases, traveling sets, cameras, pocket
books and all ¦,¦ kinds of leather' goods
which we letter In gold.ifree of charge'
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 'Market' st. • '
Trunks and Valisss
Last evening a Hebrew opera- entitled
"The Jew ; In was given at ! Odd
Fellow?' Hall by a company composed t of
Jewish talent under the direction of Julius
Rossenwasser.*; There was : a' large attend
ance and the entertainment r was = heartily
applauded. It is the almiof Vthe;manage
mentUo make. this a .permanent -organiza
tion. \' j ¦ •' ¦ " ¦-¦-¦¦•.
Hebrew Opera Well Be'ceived.
Fifty-yard dash— P. Sundberg first. J Eras
mus second: diving fo^ plate — A. Lynes flr««t
prize, A. Sundberg second prire; 100-yard dash,
amateur— J. McCloeky nret. A. Sundbere see-"
oDd; tub race — P,. fiundberg first. W. Carroll
eerond. J. McClosky third: epringboard divine
— W. Carroll first prize; J. McClosky second
prize; high dlx-ing— P. Sundberg first prize \v
Carroll second prise. . ' '
Following are the results of the aquatic
contests held yesterday at Sutro's Baths:
Swimming at Sutro's.
ANN ARBOR. Mich., FebJ 18.— Albert O.
Klein' of Chicago, - a student i of the Uni
versity of Michigan, . committed v suicide
here to-day by taking prussic acid. No
reason is k known for. Klein's act.
Student Commits Suicide.
The Willing Workers' LadiesV Society 1 in
connection with" the" Bush-street ¦ .' Syna
gogue will, hold 'Its' monthly musicale. at 2
o'clock this afternoon in: the assembly
hall of the synagogue.. The 'president 5 of
the society, Mrs. D.Newhouse, and;Mrs.
A. Schleslnger, t vice i president, ¦ will ; have
charge of the arrangements.' After", the
musicale there, will be a reception.*' 1 ; •;'.
Willing Workers' Musicale.
r vRifle; r 50 yards:. Dr., J. F. Twist— 21,. 24,', 28
30; Ed Hovey— 25.;27.;30; i Glmmel —^29, 39." 49-
E.. A. Allen— 37. ',; .',..¦;.- ¦ '
" Oft-hand shooting, "Columbia target rifle '200
yards : W." G. Hoffman (100 shots)— 57, 61. 5«
77. '. 43, 61.', 60, '. 82, .74. 74—645; "A.- B. - Dorrell—
53, i 57, . 63, - C3 ; ', FJ - O. Young-^-50, • 70 71 * T>
74: A., H.iCady— 67.73, 75,77. /. '
'.¦* Military and repeating rifles, Creedraoor
count :« f i P. t A:' Becker— 44.44.
I ' Reviver, -50 : yards: .'A. -J." Brannagan— 47
'49, -54, 3 68 ; F. O.^ Toungr 54; W/O. Hoffman
67 ; ¦ W. ! R.'. Prdll— 64, : 88 ; - Dr. Twist— 78, 82 • 88
¦ Pistol : ' F. ( O: Young— 50, ; 52, 56. V 67 : HA
Baker— 06,- 22 and 25. : <• '¦-¦¦¦: •>-,•.„ -.,- -
:; The,: members of the Columbia Pistol
and. Rifle Club experienced rough. weather
lnthelr attempt to hold trie' regular semi
monthly A contests .yesterday; ..at Harbor
View, range. ; W. ' C." Hoffman • tried for a
100-shof record : with the ¦ rifle. ', He { made
645, ; or ;. a'= 6.45-lnch -ring L' average. A.- J
Brannagan, v using a'r revolver, defeated
the . pistol : experts. I Dr. J. F. Twist was
high In .the 22-rifle match.. The scores: '
Columbia Club \ Marksmen.
. OKMTJLGEE. I. T.. Feb. 16.— At a dance
early r this morning ' Wiley B. Johnson/ a
Creek^ and "Bill" Scott,- an Ouchee. en
gaged In a fight and. both were fatally
stabbed. More than twenty -Indians
negroes > who mixed in ¦• the fight were
wounded.- Policeman Davis tried to quell
the disturbance, but had -to call citizens
to hH ' nlii •"7fflflTWW"ff"* liElBB
Indians in Lively Combat.
BERKELEY. Feb. 16,-The recent
stormy weather has practically ended ath
leuc work at the University of Califor
nia. Baseball has been stopped and the
parne between the 'varsity and the Santa
Clara nine, which was scheduled for yes
terday, has been postponed indefinitely
The weather may cause changes i»> the
dates of several of the frames set for the
near future. On the track all reeulat
practice has ceased, but a few of the rnorV
courageous sprinters work between rain
ctorms. the rest keeping In form by prac
tice In the erymnagium.
Bain Stops Athletic Sports.
M. McClure and W. Walsh.. . ...... ;21 19 21
W. Stansbury • and E. White.'. .'. . .. .17 ; 21 15
W. Maguire and E. Curley"".'. .21 19; 21 16 21
J. Collins and T. Leach . . . . : .17 21 - 15 21 20
P. Ryan and M. B»rwin..;.21 21 14 21 21
M. Levy and P. , Dasch ...... 18 17 21 • 21 1»
T. Serres anfl W. - Johnson 21 21 17 .: 21
G. Green and F. Smith..... . ..14 19 21 20
S. Garvey and J. Bolster... .21 15 21 10 21
J. Manning and W. Cum
mlngs ..........20 21 12 21 13
J. Glynn and ~W. Mitchell 21 21 20 19 ' 21
A. Whltemftn and M. Levy.. 18 10 21 21 18
H. H. Lissner and W. Kavan
augh ...-: ..,.21 17 21 21
W. Walsh and R. Longabach . . 19 21 ', 20 10
J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan played a
tie game cf- handball yesterday In Phil
Ryan's court with J. White and ' M. J.
Kil gallon. : The .score "was 21—16, 14—21,
21— 18, W-^l. The, deciding game will be
played next Sunday. „ The other matches
resulted as follows: '
•M. Dillon and W. Kelly.... 21 21 14 19 21
E. Malontjy and G. Hutchln
son ... ...."...-..... 16 18 21 21 13
Tie Game of Handball.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.-The directors of
the Reliance Club have recently worked
many Improvements in the arrangements
of the rooms of the club and th«»ir en
terprise Is being commended by the mem
bers. Now, with the exception of the
large cardroom on the top floor, air the
social features are on one -floor. The old
reading-room is now the j billiard-room
tne parlor and the reading-room. '
The directors' room Is a cardroom and
the old billiard-room Is a jinksroom. The
arrangement Is much - more convenient
than the old one. The club will give a
ladies night to-morow evening, for which
an elaborate programme has .been' ar
ranged. A smoker -will he given, on the
evening of February 24. when the new
Jir.ksroom will be christened.
Searrangement of the Hooms Meets
With the Approval of the
members.
3ELIAXCE CLUB MAKES
MANY IMPROVEMENTS
Dr.* Bell said it was sad to be compelled
to acknowledge that In < this twentieth
century the '.law licensed, drink In face of
boasted civilization. ' He .regretted that
the Government should be a partner In the
whlch'^was" a 1 , home destroyer—In
deed ltwas beyond explanation. It brand
ed us as cowards before high heaven and
raised' the question; In; the minds of .for
eigners whether ,we were not a nation of
fools:," He declared that all "Anglo-Saxons
should I hang- their ' heads - with shame in
view of , the statistics which showed the
alarming consumption of liquor. *
Hartter 570,' G." Ritschmuller Jr. 203. M. Reu
fcold 1711..':.. . -. -. , . .'.' V • " .
\The Rev.' H. H. Bell, D. D-, delivered
an ¦. impassioned '¦ address, - in which - he • al
luded to the liquor traffic of this and other
countries.. The Intemperance of the Anglo-
Saxon communities was severely, handled.
A Frances Willard memorial service was
held last evening at the First United Pres
byterian Church,' Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. ", A, picture- of Miss Willard
adorned, the pulpit, around which were
many" choice .'.flowers J and plants. The
service ; was under -.' the auspices • of the
San /Francisco Women's Christian Tem
perance Union. | The exercises opened with
an anthem" by the choir.:. . j ¦ ¦ r
Lesson at the Frances Willard
Memorial Service.
Pastor Heed's Caustic Temperance
REV. DB. BELL SCORES '-¦¦': ri$.^;
ANGLO-SAXON HABITS
ROME, Ga.,~ Feb. 16.— Estelle Swann. the
young white woman found in a burning
cabin near Rome yesterday, is in the hos
pital with Injuries which, it. Is thought,
will prove fatal.- W.D. Barnes, .who says
he is the woman's ; husband, is in Jail,
charged with having attempted to murder
her and afterward burn her - body. He
says the woman's clothing caught from
a flre In the grate. Miss Swann declares
Barnes is not her husband.
Charged With Attempted Murder.
. We 4ld not need to go into this arrange
ment slmDly for the purpose • of obtaining
such . capital ! as may be required. The work
soon to be done for the development of New
York's transportation facilities is, if possible,
greater than anything that has yet been done.
We ore making; "the strongest , alliance pos
sible in the way of individual - and financial
strength to carry on our work. We pay for
this by sharing the possibilities of the future
with them X.& the extent ot one-flfth of th«
profits that may be realized.
The transaction into 'which we are proposing
to enter upon la simple enough when accurate
ly stated.- The new company will raise
$30,000,000 and. will at onca spend $23,000,000
by payinr it into the . Metropolitan treasury,
thereby acquiring, first, a lease of the Metro
politan properties, and second. Its floating as
sets,' bends, stocks, claims, etc When the
floating debts of the Metropolitan have been
paid there will be available fully $13,000,000
for Metropolitan taDrovementa, added to the
$7,000,000 now available - for Third-avenue 1m
.provements, maklnsr ?20, GOO, 000 that • will go
directly Into the property to enhance the value
of the lease. ¦ '. . . -,-
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— President H.H.
Vreeland of , the Metropolitan street rail -
way gave out a statement to-night con
cerning the plan by which the Metropoli
tan Securities Company Is to assume con
trol of the "property. It reads in part as
follows:
Million Dollars and Immediately
Commence Improvements.
Says ' Company
TWill Raise Thirty
VBEELAND/ EXPLAINS PLAN
OP METROPOLITAN EAIIiWAY
Francisco Grutli' Shooting Section.'hulls
eye •" shoot. • medals, were ; awarded I as ¦ follows : '
A.; Hlntermann.:A...von .Wyl;C..Ott,- S. Siem-^
men,- A." Gehret,; R;. Hauser, C. Gut,, J.- Brus-"
£er. : J. .. Furrer,-' E. r Suter. • ¦.-,¦.¦ '-.. i : ...
.-.•.'California SchuetzenjCIub. bullseye -shoot—
C. ¦ Sajrehorn . 1968, B: ; Blasse 862, W. Blas.se
1247. L; - Reuboldr6»7,, F.' • N. . Carroll (cadet) 1
000. --R.-. Meyerhofef ¦ (cadet) 778, ¦ G. • Tammeyer
2320 - F. A: Schrumpf 1378 ' J. C. 'Waller 1512.
F. ' E. Mason ¦ 737. : F. -Attinger 077,' O. Burmeis
ter 415. • AI Bertlesen ' 2254.-- A. Rahwyler lOifi.^
CM.' Henderson, 479. A.'von Wyle 2921, ;FrC.
Hagerup 10.S5.; F.'tRiede 1092.': A." Gehrett625 ¦
W. . Ehrunrf ort 430, - A. < Mocker 311; ' A: Jung
blut 1476. T.J.i Carroll 709.- ! W.'Woerner (cadet)
S04.V A. Striker *1636.F. Puter ' 2728, • A.- Ham
pel^ll^S.-F.-.'Shunert; 1550 • C. -M. Retisseau
20CO. : W. Wolden i COO, V F. D. 5. Smith . 158S. ff C.-
Meyer 8S7. L. ..Thlorbach : 302. : Fv ; G. i Bradford
1145,' O.Bremer SS8. ' P. Jacobl 1253,'. F.r Lewis
73K. C..Gutt 11765.^. Bremer 1226. J. Straub
C Sagehprn 176^"O. 'Burmeister" 102,': R.--Lau
ger .192, J. J. Kuehn . 126. 'C. Nlelson 1S1, F.
Kommer; 177< F. 'Attlnger 196.i Ll Brune Ki7,
•A.-.:TJts«hUr .161; --W. 1 . Nolden 144, I. Meyers : 104,
G.'Tammeyer-211.',.F.:;Kruckel 177;-F. • A.-
Schrumpf 165.; J.' Straub 125." • - " * '•>-'?
San 'Francisco s Turner Schuetzen: ? was
first at the butts.; G..Tammeyer made the
highest score— 230. The scores follow:;
j SANJ RAFAEL;/ Feb.: i6.-rThe Inclement
weather- and Inundation.^ of r a: portion < "of
Schuetzen; Park "did-' not 'deter > marksmen
from -trying their skill both in medaland
bullseye events. :;^^v;-'-^ " , : ;.
Shooting • at" San Rafael. 1
Oakland Turner Rifle Club, monthly medal
shoot— Theodore Gler." 161;. H.Kracke, 164; H.
S« y 'i 16 ?i Paul Uth - 12 °.'- A: : Kleinenbroich.
198 i F. Munte, 187; A. Landgraf, 131; A.
Schlueter, 177 ; B. . Brunje, 146; H. Windmuel
le r. 167: A. Springer. 128; A. Schulze. 107.-
Shell Mound- PUtol and Rifle Club, winners
of bullseye shoot of. February 2— G. Mitchell,
34; John Cobby, 35; A. Ramm. 47; L. Sleble
•J r -.'_ 61 ;; H - ' Skinner, •¦ 66; Dr. Burt Roche. 71%;
A. Gay. 85; W. Siebie,02; P. Ramm. 02%;^.
Huber, 97; E. Perkins, 104; H. Hanson. 110;
T. Bearwald, 123. . : , .
| Company B, First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Joseph
Myers. 27; August Hofmann. 48; Roy Young.
36; E. Sturger. 129; .F. C. Bardenave." 14; ¦ a!
Bertrand, 2; W. Keenan, 26; James McNess,
21; Leo Knottner,. 3; Edward Knottner. 12; S.
Marcuse. 25: j George » Sullivan, 88; Harvey
Evans, 25: F.' Trebols, 20; E. A. Wood. 20; H."
T. Lally Jr.; 36 :H. Mau, 4; John Gaffney 16;
H. C. Wlndt; 21; i Charles - Crelghton. 21; J.
O'Keefe, 34; W. Baker, 23; F. K. Lowe/ 12; J.
Fitzpatrlck- 9; B. Fanning, 8; D. B. Casey. 31;.
G. .-.¦W." Hull, ;29; A; Wagner, 27; F. Ber
trand, 27.; •...:.-:¦ : : % ¦ • " . . ¦ '¦-. •. , , . , . .
City Guard "Rifle Club, an adjunct of Com
pany B, First Infantry. National Guard of Cali
fornia, monthly medal shoot — Maior Georg3
Fillmer. 40; Charles Perry. 46; Major Cook,
44; Lieutenant A. Ramm, 46: Sergeant Edward
Fitzgerald. . 46 ;E.i Younger. 8: ;- . ¦.¦
' Troop A. First Cavalry, - National Guard of
California, monthly - medal - shoot 1 with' revol
ver at • 60 ¦ yards — Captain C. . Jansen, 30; T."
Carlin, 30: Sergeant, A. N. Smith. 30; Sergeant
a.*, H. . Rlddock. 27 ; B. Cruikshank, 20; K 8. C.
Wafer. 26; .Sergeant R. C. Greeninger, ,25,
Lieutenant C. F,. Wells. 21; F.'Thomason,\21;
G. . Hanson. 19; F. .T. Engle. 46: A. J. Henry,
46; Corporal H. C. Puckhaber. 35; J." Fritz. 35;
Corporal L. F. Potter, .32; W.' Rogers. 18: L."
M. McKinley. 48;iW. J. Davis. 48; C. McKar
ley, 46; J. Ritchie. 4B; C. Nlcolal, 46; . R. ; Cap,
?4; C. Becker, 44; Lieutenant C. G. Pierre,- 44:
A. J. •Klung.'42:,H. : L. Detrlck; 42; Btrtreant
H.'b; Taylor. 40; 'A.. J. Thornasrle. 40;-W. 8.
Hugsrlng. -:¦ 40; Corooral , C. M. Flckert. 3fl; G.
W. Pope.' 38 : H. Keller, ' 45 : Sergeant J. P. C.
Ppaar, 35 ; W. . Spanhake. • S3; Lieutenant E. ¦. H.
Carr. 33 : H. A. - R. I Hansen. 32 ; Corporal T. P.
Lehmann, 30; R. Gercke, 35. : . ¦
Committee on the laws of subordinates — Ed
mund Tauszky, Lucius L. Solomons and Joseph
Rothschild. -• • ¦
It has been announced that at the next
election of offlcers Marcus Rosenthal will
be chosen president of the Grand Lodge.
Committee on subject of the death of the late
President McKintey — Jacob Voorsanger. E. 8.
Hersbberger and E. I. Wolfe.'
The annual reports of the officers of the
Grand Lodge were read and referred to
committees for consideration. Several im
portant amendments were introduced in
reference to committees on legislation and
other committees and it was decided that
the endowment system of the organiza
tion shall not be in any ¦way interfered
with. The most important work of the
meeting was the declaration on the part
of the Grand Lodge that the library of
the Institution shall be maintained and
the appropriation was unanimously
passed. A small appropriation was made
for the Edgar Meyer Library at Port
land. .
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Finance — Sig. Sichel, vice H. P. Bush, re
signed. V L
• Legislative^— Benjamin .Bchloss, vice Julius
Bamberger, retired.
Credentials — Lucius L. Solomons, vice M. J.
Netter, retired.
Mileage— W. G. Watters, vice S. B. Good
man, retired.
State of thf order — S. G: Marschutz, Philip
Stern, L; Stern and Marcus Levy.
Special conjmittee -ortMegislatlon — Max Pop
per. Isaac Herzberg arid' Max Goldberg.
Committee on, endowment — Albert Elkus, Ja
cob Voorsanger, Manheim Marks, Noah W.
Bender and Philip Cohen.
Committee on co-operation— M. S. Levy. D.
S. HerFhbere and Jacob Nleto.
Submitted.
Grand Lodge No. 4, Independent. Order
of B'nai B'rith, met, yesterday at B'nal
B'rlth Hall. President George Samuels
In the chair.
the Annual Beports Are
Grand Lodge of the Order Meets and
B'NAI B'BITII LIBRARY "
WILL BE MAINTAINED
Any one strolling down to the Latin
quarter last night could not help but se.e
that something unusual was going on.
The streets were crowded with the repre
sentatives of . sunny Italy - in all manner
of ! attire, " wending - their way to the
twentieth grand masquerade ball given
by the Mutual Aid Society of the Gari
baldi Guard, at Garibaldi Hall. 423
Broadway. The hall was neatly decor
ated with red, yellow and blue, with a
goodly sprinkling 1 of Italian and Ameri
can flags. The : hall was crowded and
dancing continued till a late hour. The
committees in charge were:
Executive— S. Cereghino. F. Demartlnl. E.
Lastreto, F. Zeiro, M. Canepa. Angrelo Deluc
chi, A. Carbone and A. Garbanino.
. Floor — Cav. G. F. Fugazl. G. Iaccherl ; hon
orary. Dr. E. ' Torello, Dr. C. ' Barsotti. Cav.
G. Calegarls, W. Demartlnl, Dr. I*. D. Bad
galupi and P: Fontana.
Refreshments — F. Demartlnl. O. Flgone. D.
Demattei, B. Giambruno. • Antonio^ Flgone. An
tonio D«lucchl. G. Barbagelata. Francesco Fl
gone and G. Gaspari. ¦ , ,'
Hat room — -A. Carbone,; A. Sbarboro. G. Cer
eghino and Gius Figone. .
Garibaldi Guard Masquerade.
The OccidentaJ Horse Exchange . will
hold another big sale of thoroughbreds at
T21 Howard street this evening, commenc
ing'at 7:45 sharp. Horses In training from
the stables of J. W. Schorr, A. B. Spreck
els, Chinn & Forsythe, Burlingame Stock
Farm, S. McXaughton and D. McCarty
•wiil pass under the hammer.
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland race track are as follows:
First race — Futurity course; purse; three
ypar-olis and upward.
S2«4 Lemuel 10613304 Gusto .....^.121
3073 Botany 103] 3291 -Sir Dousal. ..118
Focrnd race— Three and one-half furlongs:
¦gltagj maiden two-year-olds : -•
324" Lit. Margaret.l0f, S2M Desegno .....118
Maud Muller.llC 32S8 Gaviijta 115
3031 Oldhurst (for 3284 Ellirton IIS
Narcissus . .115i Pbyz 115
Third race — Six furlongs — sellirtg; three
y*-ar-ol<!s and upward.
C«02)Sharp Bird... 117i 3291 ¦Wyoming ....114
3?ar» Scally Wagr.-.lOfi 3205 Ned Dennis.. .100
:SS4 Prestano 99 U3301)Quiz II Ill
2277 Marcato 114 .1295 Clarando 107
329S Hungarian ...1091
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
celling: four-year-olds and upward.
3310 Urchin 11111 3105 Slddons ... 109
<:!29S)N-ilgar Ill 3303 The Gaffer 106
3310 Col. BallantynlOD 1
is.fili race — Seven furlongs; celling; four
ypar-oida and upward.
2705 Inocenela .... 92 1 (3300)Graf ter 104
:!250 Brapg 09.3304 Dunblane 110
3310 Esternell 00 3304 Galanthus . 104
CT3G3) Barnato 110 (3293)February 107
229S Merops 107)
Sixth race — Six lurlongs; selling; four-year
olds, and upward.
3233 Ulloa 107 f 3301 Eldred ... 104
VT.12 Educate 104 (32Sl)Hilary 109
3i'«l J. Boggs 109 (3297)Alzura .......104
3301 Mid. Chimes.. 107 3295 Fine Shot 108
3259 Parsifal 106| 3289 Loyal S I.'lO6
Selections for-To-Day.
, P irst race— Bctany, Sir Doogal. Gusto.
Second race— EHiston, Gaviota, Desegno.
Third race — Sharp Bin^ Quiz II, Prestano.
Fourth race — XUgar, Urchin. Colonel Bal
lantjne.
Fifth race— Grafter, Barnato. Dunblane.
Sixth race— Educate. Midnight Chimes, El-
Cred.
Sale of Thoroughbreds at Auction.
Open stake, first round — F. Rodgers' Glaucus
beat W. Cairns' Gold Ore, 6-4; J. Trade's Cosey
beat B. Silva's Master Rocket.: 5-4; P. .U.
Clarkson's Miss Brummel beat W. Cairns' Im
perial, 7-4; F. RoBenberger"s I Lady • Chiqulta
beat E. Geary's Little Jim, 15-12; Kelly;., &
Hanley's Precita Maid beat E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie, 16-8; J. Trade's Belle Rocket beat P.
Doyle's Thelma. S)-4;i J. Carroll's Auckland
beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Courage, 8-0; B. Sen
derman's Comique beat A. McLeod's Royal
Friend,- 4-3; A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord beat F.i
Rodgers' Arbacus, 21-7; A. R. Curtis' Old
Ironsides beat I M. Nealon's . Fred . ' Freedom,
14-8; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat "J. • F.
Badt's Lovina,. 6-5;- F. Rosenberger's ¦ Master
Bly beat T. W. Bartels'- Bogus Baron," .10-1;
A lambda Kennels' Melrose Lad beat -Pasha
Kennel*' Rustic Arbor, 3-0: • L. . S. ' Barre's
Boodle Boy beat C. Glock's Alameda Lad. 12-9:
T. '.Maher's Bad Boy beat H. H. Gray's My
Dog,- 7-0; T. Hurley's Rltey Grannan beat F.
Brown's Go Slow, 11-8. . : . .-' '<?&**$»?&
Second round— Cosey beat Glaucus, -.3-2; Miss
Brummel beat Lady Chiqulta, 8-1 ; Precita Maid
beat Belle Rocket, r 5-2 ; Auckland • . beat . Co
mlque, 8-0; Fiery Face a'bye. Lost Chord with
drawn; Melrose Lad beat Boodle Boy, 6-4; Bad
Boy beat'Riley Grannan, 5-0. ' - : :
Third' round— Casey "• beat . Miss • • Bfummel,
1S-15; Auckland beat Precita Maid, 3-2;, Old
Ironsides beat Fiery Face, 7-0; Melrose Lad
beat Bad Boy, 12-8.
Fourth round — Auckland ' a bye, Cosey ¦ with
drawn: Melrose Lad-beat Old ' Ironsides, 12-?. 1 '
; Deciding course — Auckland beat Melrose Lad,"
6-0.' ¦• ¦¦ ¦ ..' ' .'."N ¦ '.' ' .-,¦..•. - ¦ . '- .:•¦-• ;
-Fourth round — Loyal Lad beat Tapioca,. 5-3;
Leola beat Roy Hughle, 8-6. ¦ <¦ . . •.
Deciding course — Loyal - Lad ¦ beat Leola, 4-0.
Second round— Tapioca beat Homer Boy, ,7-5:
Game Boy a bye. Tiburon withdrawn; Loyal
Lad beat SIsquoc. -10-2; Tom; Hurlick beat
Royal Union, — i — ; RoyHughle beat Hickory
Dick, 21-9; Leola' beat Bonnie . Pasha, 2-0;
Wedgewood a bye. - .
Third round — Tapioca beat Game Boy. 6-4;
Loyal Lad beat .Tom Hurlick, (5-5; 'Roy Hughle
beat Wedgewood, 8-2; Leola a bye. ;&-»»*
Special stake — O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat J.
L. Ross' Fontenoy, 3-1; D. J. Healey'a Tapioca
a bye, Allta withdrawn; J.'L. Ross' Game Boy
beatT. Hurley's Gramercy, 13-9; D. J. Healey'B
Tiburon beat Chlarinl Bros." Tame , Tralee, 23
12; D J. Healey'B Slaquoc beat" A. R. Curtis."
Vulcan, 5-4; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad beat E.
Geary's Fenll, 3-1; P. J. Rellly's Royal-Union
beat A. Van der White's Lear King, 8-5; ,W.
J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick beat T. Coleman's
Cotton •Ball, 4-0: G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick
beat F. Jones' Harlean Gladys, 6-5: E. Geary's
Roy Hughie beat G. Nethercott's Freda C, 7-0;
E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Article. 14-6; A. R. Curtis' Leola beat E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey, 4-3; F.' Jones' Wedge*
wood beat P. M. ! Clarkson's Golden Garter,
10-0. ... ¦•'.¦ ¦¦"- :¦¦¦'¦-'• ••.-.¦
The Australian dog • Auckland ' went
through the open* stake handily, beating
Melrose Lad for the long end of the
purse. These two greyhounds proved as
great a surprise in their company, as did
the winner and runner-up in the special
stake. They. were also selling at 20 to 1
during the morning.. - : -. ¦ ' -.:"
The fortunes of coursing seemed against
the favorites throughout the day. . In al
most every instance they "showed, the
foot," es leashmen indicate speed, butUhe
hares proved tricky and " favored the
slower dogs to the great delight of the
men who backed only the dogs with the
long price against them. : -
The results of the coursing/with Judge
John Grace's olflclal scores, follow:
Loyal Lad ran in the name of A. R,
Curtis, but he was purchased by J. \ L.
Ross on Saturday for $100. The first prize
was $75. and as his new owner bet on him
he won the fast Crawford Lad young
ster out the first time of asking. "..;. :
The slaughter of the favorites resulted
in rank outsiders carrying off final honors.
In tne special stake Loyal Lad beat Leola.
The winner had the speed and ran up to
the hare so fast that it aid not have nme
to turn before the greyhound was down
upon it. As good- as 20 to 1 went begging
in the long ouds book on both these uoga
during the morning.
These were the conditions under which
the people who back the favorites wound
up the most disastrous day they ever ex
perienced in the park. Of the fifty-eight
courses long shots won twenty-seven, an
unusually large proportion. Of the seven
courses in the second . round of the spec
ial stake the favorites failed to score one
victory . for their backers. The : biggest
upset of the. day. was the defeat ofjiielle
Rocket by Precita Maid, about whicTi was
laid 6 to L .-¦/•-. '¦¦ . : -
The concluding courses at Union Park
yesterday were run in a driving rain
storm. B*or a time it seemed darkness
would settle down* upon the field, and pre
vent the decision of the two stakes. .
The tournament committee decided yes
terday; that the tournament on Washing
ton's birthday would be a straight singles,
instead. of a class .singles tournament.
The best players' were in . favor of the
latter, but the men who stand rather low
in ; their classes were In favor of the
straight . handicap, - as their chances of
.winning would be Improved. . A ' tourna
ment of this kind will lack the "class"
of a class event, as several of the best
players will not participate in a straight
handicap, as they are called upon to give
too big k odds. .The tournament will com
mence on Saturday morning and ¦. be fin
ished on Sunday/
In doubles, Gibson and Kuehn tied the
Lane brothers, the score being 8-6, 6-4, 1-6
and 1-6. A. Worthington and Dr. Noble
beat Joe Daily and Archibald Duncan: 7-5.
In singles . many good matches were
played. The best of the day. was between
Frank Stringham and Will Allen.- These
men : are . two * of the best In the second
class and are evenly matched. Stringham
was steadier than his opponent and won
in straight sets. The score: 6-3, 6-0 and 8-6.
.... Adams and Collier played a » two-set
match, in which honors were even, as
each player took a set. VThe score was
6-2 and 5-7. The veteran James A. Code
caused a genuine surprise when he beat
Allen in straight sets Y-5 and 6-3. Charles
Kuehn, leader of the third class, was in
fine form yesterday and beat Jack Gib
son easily. The score was 6-3 and 6-1.
With a handicap of "thirty," George
Whipple easily beat Frank Stringham one
set. The score was 6-1. Stringham then
cut the odds down to "fifteen," but his
opponent won; 6-4. Sidney Salisbury beat
Whipple; 6-2,-6-4 and 6-3. ; : ¦¦ . .-.
: The match was not only an interesting
one. but also developed into an amusing
one. After the first two- sets a strong
wind came up and with it a heavy mist,
which, made it almose impossible for the
players to proceed. As a result, many
unusual stroKes were made, affording the
spectators/much amusement. '. •'
A ..special match in doubles between
Sherwood Adams and Grant Smith and
William Collier and.Harold Crowell was
the feature of the day. The match was
a five-set affair, > but only* tour sets were
required. -Adams and amith, after win
ning the first two sets: handily, lost the
third. The fourth and deciding set was
exceedingly close, the outcome ueing con
stantly in doubt. The complete, score in
favor of / Adams and Smith was 6-2, 6-3,
3-6 and 10-8..
The inclement weather made play on
the tennis courts yesterday rather light.
Many of the cracks were on hand, but the
high wind and mist prevailing spoiled the
sport to a great extent. ;
•¦ The few spectators on the beach at that
hour were startled when a frightened
horse dashed into. the surf. In the buggy
were two lads, about 16 years of age, both
of whom were apparently - too much terr
ror-stricken to restrain the animal. The
alarm was given and before the vehicle
reached the danger line in the surf sev
eral of the life-saving crew appeared and
speedily rescued the outfit. The horse was
almost drowned and the young drivers
were in .little .better state. The animal
was r returned to the "owner later in the
evening while the drivers disappeared.
Their names are unknown.
What might have proved a serious acci
dent? was • narrowly averted yesterday
afternoon when two lads seated In a
buggy drove into the surf near the Cliff
House. The -high wind succeeded m rais
ing a monstrous swell before 3 o'clock and
the siw"f rolled in with ususual violence
throut,*iout the afternoon.
Crew Saves Them From
Drowning.
Timely Assistance by the I*if e-Saving
Many • Favorites Have
a, Tempestuous
Time.
Causes Players to Show
a Number, of New
Moves.
TWO BO YS DRIVE INTO
Y4 ' STJRFAT CLIFF. HOUSE
WIN D SPOILS
TENNIS MATCHES
The funeral of the late Harry A.
Chase, past great sachem of the Im
proved Order of Red Men, past noble
grand arch of the United Ancient Order
of Druids, member of the Exempt Fire
men, of Manzanita Tribe of Red Men,
of Laurel Grove of the Druids, of Hart
nagle Chapter of the Druids, of American
Eagle Lodge of the Knights of Honor,
of San Francisco Castle of the Knights
of the Golden Eagle and of the San
Francisco Typographical Union, who died
on last Thursday from the effects of in
juries following a fall down the stairs
of the Red Men's building on Post street,
took place yesterday, afternoon from the
building named.
The services were conducted by the
great' chiefs of the Order of Red Men
in the presence of a large number oi
people, including many representatives
from the several organizations named
The service of the order was read by
James Boyes, great sachem; E. B. Wil
son, past great prophet, offering up the
prayers to the great spirit. The eulogy
was by Great aannap Emelio Lastreto.
At the close of the service, which was
simple yet impressive, the flower covered
casket in. which reposed the remains
was conveyed to the hearse in waiting,
which was preceded by the fraternities
named, who marched to Eighth and Mis
sion streets, where the remains . wei\»
placed in undertaking parlors to await
shipment to Baltimore, Md., for ¦ inter
ment in the family plot. The pallbearers
were: Past Great Sachems Davis Lou
der back, representing the Great Council;
E. Maginnis and F. J. , Horn, represent
ing the Chapter of . Druids; James Yuill
and Thomas Wiseman; representing Man •
zanita Tribe; A. Dawson and "VV. J. War
ren, representing the general committee
of the Red Men, and A. J. Jessup and
George W. Kennard, representing the
Exempt Firemen. . ,. '
Funeral of Harry A. Chase, Who Was
Well Known in Fraternal
Circles. ' •
RED MEN PAY TRIBUTE
¦ . TO MEMORY OF A CHIEF
GREYHOUNDS RUN
IN DRIVING RAIN
Irwin appreciates the importance of
his present engagement He has left
nothing undone to perfect his condition.
He tells his friends he will show the wide
gulf which separates the amateur light
weight champion from the professional.
The boxers will receive 50 per cent of
the gate receipts. Of this the winner
will receive 75 per cent and the loser 25.
The attendance is expected to be the
largest ever attracted to a similar affair
In Oakland. "Billy" Lavigne, manager of
the Acme Club, is making' elaborate ar
rangements to handle the expected
crowd. Extra trains will meet the boats
and will be held fifteen minutes if the
right lasts longer than is expected.
His training quarters were the objec
tive point of many of his friends yester
day. They saw him go through his gym
nasium work, which lasted a half hour.
He weighed 133 pounds when he finished.
He is shiftier, faster and stronger than
he has ever been. His confidence is of
the quiet, convincing order.
Britt does not attempt to conceal his
ideas regarding the outcome of the fight.
He believes he will win in five rounds,
and is frank enough to say so. "Irwin
is a hard man to defeat," he says, "but
1 think I can take his measure. If I
cion't I'll go away back and sit down. It
was with considerable hesitation I de
cided to turn professional. I could get no
rhoie matches as an amateur, and I was
ba interested in boxing that 1 wanted to
get on with a good man. If I find I'm
not -billed to be as good a professional
as I was an amateur X will quit the box
ins buEinees post haste and go back to
keeping books and figuring the cost of
leau pipe in the plumoing shop."
Britt is. not worrying as to the outcome
of his first engagement. He let up de
cidediy in his work some days since and
gained three. pounds la weight immediate
ly. The effect of this was seen at once,
as it freshened him up and made him
eager for his exercise. His musdes are
beginning to be strongly outlined under
his skin and there seems no indication
of his not being able to stand any pace
Irwin may set.
There is little betting on the fight,
Irwin's intimate friends holding out for
tven money, while the Brltt contingent
expects odds on the strength of their
man, an amateur, meeting a professional.
Tim McGrath has a reputation for tid
ing men over bad places in a fight and
cf sending them In refreshed after the
minute breathing spell allowed by the
Queensberry rules.
Kelly has no equal in picking out the
¦weak points in &• boxer's defense and in
directing the man he is handling, how
he can batter it down. He is a master
of ring craft and his practical advice
will be of great value to the amateur.
Boxer Jimraie Britt will have the most
skillful professional seconds on the coast
behind him when he enters the ring to
morrow night in Oakland. He has se
cured "Spider" Kelly. Tim HcGrath,
Charles Reno and Curtis Richardson.
In a' few days Fitzsimmons will go to
Louisville, where he is to referee the bout
between Terry McGovern and Dave Sulli
van next Saturday night. - »; ".:
Fitzsimmons and Gus Ruhlin had sev
eral lively goes with the gloves last week
and the Akron giant announces that Fitz
simmons is as fast and can hit as hard
as ever. -
"Bob" Fitzsimmons has been doing light
training at Bath Beach ever since it be
came likely that he would be matched
with Jeffries. He was satisfied that he
could stand hard training before he agreed
to sign at the terms ottered by Jeffries.
The brisk breezes that prevail at Bath
Beach and vicinity suit Fitzaimmons for
his road.work. In addition, he has a well
equipped gymnasium in his barn, where he
puncnes tne bag and boxes with anybody
that wants a go. •
Jeffries ¦ will leave the city to-morrow
morning for Altoona, J Pa., where he is
to fill an engagement to-morrow night.
The champion is booked for a string of
one-night stands. He was suffering from,
a cola yesterday and it' Is possible ~he
will rest tor a few days to recuperate.
Jeffries said to-day i
"It is impossible for me to say Just
now when ± will train for my flgnt with
i'nzslmmons. The bids for the contest
will be evened on March 15. By that
time I will be In California. If a San
> rancisco club is awarded the fight I
win begin training at once at Harbin
Springs,, where I prepared for my fight
with Kuhlln. I understand that several
clubs besides those In San Francisco will
bid, and it -is possible tnat one of them
may get the fight." • . .
NEW. YORK, Feb. 16.— "Jim" Jeffries
and "Bob" Fitzsimmons spent a quiet
daytd-day, apparently happy that they
have at last arrived at the stage where
mere | talking about a fight has j ceased.
Each. man is confident he can beat the
"other in their coming battle for the
championship; hence their satisfaction at
the sigimg of articles of agreement yes
terday. ' ; ¦ '• • . ¦ .*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Irwin's Friends Holding Off 1
for Even Money; in
the BettiDg.
Jeffries Likely to -Train at
Harbin Springs for the
;uv Ficrht. i
Will Have Spider Kelly
and Tim McGrath
Behind Him.
Ruhlin Declares Former
Champion Still Has
His Speed.
BRITT SELECTS
HIS SECONDS
"FITZ" RETAINS
WICKED PUNCH
SPORTSMEN IN FIELD, AT RANGES AND IN, TRAINING QUARTERS
COLLEGE MEN
DISPLAY WRATH
Nevada Students Object
to Suspension From
University.
Fear of a Smallpox Epidemic
Is the Cause of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Feb. 16.-An epidemic,
claimed by the State Board of Health to
be smallpox, has made its appearance in
Reno. Seven cases already have been re
ported. The afflicted persons have been
removed to the "pesthouse, three mile*
from Reno. The public schools have been
closed to block a spread of the disease.
Last Monday President Stubbs, by
agreement with the State Board of
Health, placed a partial quarantine on
the State University, and requested ail
students living on tne campus to . retrain
from going down town, and asked down
town students to go to and from their
studies directly to their place's of abode
and not mingle with the general - public
This was considered the simplest method
of precaution against contagion. The stu
dents were inclined to rebel from the
start, and five of their number came down
town Monday night in violation of the
regulation. President Stubbs promptly
suspended them. This caused a general
Insurrection, resulting in slxty-flve young
men coming down town last night In a
body. Wednesday morningr President
Stubbs suspended them, making about
seventy now under the ban.
A committee from the suspended stu
dents called upon President Stubbs about
noon and asked him If he would receive
a committee of citizens who would inter
view him in their benalf. President
Stubbs courteously Informed them that he
would receive any committee of citizens
that might see fit to call upon him. A
committee selected by the suspended stu
dents, consisting of Dr. O. H. Thoma, G.
F. Turrittin and S. Summerfleld, went to
the university to confer with President
Stubbs. The conference lasted for three
hours, shortly after which the following
bulletin was posted:
"All students below the senior gTade ara
suspended until the morning of February
24, when they may return to their classes.
Members of the senior class who partici
pated in the meeting are suspended in
definitely, but may after February 24
make written application to the president
for . reinstatement. Suspended students
living Within a reasonable distance are re
quired to go to their homes, those living
far away may remain with friends, but
cannot stay within five miles of Reno. No
suspended student shall visit Reno dur
ing the period of suspension."
Tne situation is openly discussed upon
the streets, and much abuse is heaped
upon the heads of the university faculty
for their action. It is claimed that Presi
dent Stubbs has exceeded his power, as
has also the Board of Health. The strin
gent rule which created all the dissension
is as fallows: '
The dormitory boys were forbidden the
privilege of Reno's business streets, while
the resident students were allowed to go
almost where they pleased. At the same
:lme all students were allowed to mingl©
together In the classrooms. The students
rebelled against this rule and demanded
equal rights with the resident students.
This being denied them they broke the
quarantine, and as a result were suspend
ed. All Nevada is greatly agitated over
the affair.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 16.— BouMer Creelc yes
terday voted ror incorporation. The • following 1
of fleers were elected: A. L. Anthony. Clerk;
J. "H. Armatead. Treasurer; A. L. Seldllnger,
Marshal; W. H. Dool. J. H. Fntler, I. T.
Bloom. S. Hubba and W. O. MeAbee. Trustees.
¦ ¦ ¦...¦-..'.¦.- ¦• -.-¦,-¦- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦--. ¦ ¦
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, . 1902;
6
w
Delicacy.
b
C C 3
3 S > • 0 ¦ Z O
•° i< *§ »?r '¦"¦ £
NAME Q 3 ¦ * S ' » ' a
• s r r fi ?
•. • * ; " ¦
__ ____ _„ ; j .
Kierulff 80 91.8 . \ |
Battu ...... 90 92.4.88.8 T5 81.10 70.7
Muller 105 88. -T 01 79.2 85.1 .;...
Brooks 107 93.4 S8\8 75.10 82.3 ....}.
Charles 81 76.8 82.4 73.-4 77.10
Haight 91 87.8 72. « S0.1
Brotherton .. 117% IH.4 91.8 81.8 86.8 92.6
Mocker 101 85 02. ¦ 75 83.6 46
Turner 91 93.4 83.4 74.2 78.9
Daverlcosen .110 S9.4 83.8 76.8 80.2
Young OG 91 74.2 82.7
Blade 00 87 79.8 72.6 76.1
Kenniff. C. . . 110 RG.8 90.4 75 82.8 97.9
Kenniff, J. . . 114 93 S7 75 81 9313
Mansfield 91.4 92.8 S6.8 89.8 92.3
Golcher 129 |91 81.4 75 78.2
NAM12.
200.
Yards.
I t
| 300. ] 500.
Hrd-r -
Captain K. Hunt. .....;..;
Lieutenant J. Kills. .......
Lieutenant K. Peterson..'. .
Sergeant C. Poulter . .......
Sergeant S. ¦ Kin? .........
Sergeant N. Willard. . .
Sergeant R. York . . . . . K . . .
CoiTioral A. Poulter '. .
Corporal L. | Francis . '. .?."..
Corporal C. ¦ Orton .....
Musician Herman '.'. ......
D. Gray ........'
C. ' Lancaster „ .'..:: '..; .»..;.
G. . MacLoud •"....;'.».*.;....
A. Soderstrand .........'.,
F. Axtell ..v......;...;..
A: Thelln ..... ........
H.Klinkner ......:...
T. Woodward. .... .
M. Oilman ..'.:
C. Smith.. .-.....'.-..-
fc-. Jones
E. Gray................ 1 .;.
20
20
9
10
US
7
Zi
12
15
20
15
14
12
12
10
14
20
18
20
25
la
5
5
13 18
0 13
11 14
O 0
13 - 23 ;
0 9
9 . 15
8
5 .119 S
0 ,'ll
15 , 13
1« 5
14 -25
' 11 ! 23
;i'2T ,^7
0 4
19 .17
0 '21
20 18
- 21 '¦ 19
17 .17
0 * 10
5 9
COMPANY F, -FIFTH
TIONAL GUARD OF
MONTHLY 'MED.
INFA
CALIF
L 3HC
NTRY,
ORNIi
KJT. •
NA
Yards.
NAME.
I 300.'.
200. I
500.
Lieutenant Covalt .',:'.: ...
Lieutenant Nickcraon ; . . .
Corporal Davis "... r. .'.". ;..
Corporal > Leonard . ....;..
Corporal Garibaldi .V
M.' Moreno .... . . ..;.;... r.-
A. Smidt V. ...............
H. Scovllle ...............
S. Savllle
G. Boullet ...'..¦.
L. Hanson . .
K. Brand ,
A.- Rohrbacker
O. Rasmussen ...... 1 ;. ,\ ;
C. Ellagard , . . . . ..;..;•. ;. .
F. Lheureux . . . ; .¦; . , . ; .'. ; .
A. Coelho ... ..... . . /. ...
F. Papworth ...'. :.j •
L. Keller
R. Nerney .....;...; ... . .
24
13
1C
18
18
12
l'J
20
7
2
12
7
s
18
8
6
20
10
14
0
21
14
14
18
1G
1U
17
It!
0
2
11
10
5
2
4
2
0
7
17
13
22
22
21
18
--14'
wtt
12
10"
0
0
«
0
i
12
¦ 8
17 •;
0
( 2
NAM12.
200.
Yards.
I t
| 300. ] 500.
Hrd-r -
Captain K. Hunt. .....;..;
Lieutenant J. Kills. .......
Lieutenant K. Peterson..'. .
Sergeant C. Poulter . .......
Sergeant S. ¦ Kin? .........
Sergeant N. Willard. . .
Sergeant R. York . . . . . K . . .
CoiTioral A. Poulter '. .
Corporal L. | Francis . '. .?."..
Corporal C. ¦ Orton .....
Musician Herman '.'. ......
D. Gray ........'
C. ' Lancaster „ .'..:: '..; .»..;.
G. . MacLoud •"....;'.».*.;....
A. Soderstrand .........'.,
F. Axtell ..v......;...;..
A: Thelln ..... ........
H.Klinkner ......:...
T. Woodward. .... .
M. Oilman ..'.:
C. Smith.. .-.....'.-..-
fc-. Jones
E. Gray................ 1 .;.
20
20
9
10
US
7
Zi
12
15
20
15
14
12
12
10
14
20
18
20
25
la
5
5
13 18
0 13
11 14
O 0
13 - 23 ;
0 9
9 . 15
8
5 .119 S
0 ,'ll
15 , 13
1« 5
14 -25
' 11 ! 23
;i'2T ,^7
0 4
19 .17
0 '21
20 18
- 21 '¦ 19
17 .17
0 * 10
5 9
COMPANY F, -FIFTH
TIONAL GUARD OF
MONTHLY 'MED.
INFA
CALIF
L 3HC
NTRY,
ORNIi
KJT. •
NA
Yards.
NAME.
I 300.'.
200. I
500.
Lieutenant Covalt .',:'.: ...
Lieutenant Nickcraon ; . . .
Corporal Davis "... r. .'.". ;..
Corporal > Leonard . ....;..
Corporal Garibaldi .V
M.' Moreno .... . . ..;.;... r.-
A. Smidt V. ...............
H. Scovllle ...............
S. Savllle
G. Boullet ...'..¦.
L. Hanson . .
K. Brand ,
A.- Rohrbacker
O. Rasmussen ...... 1 ;. ,\ ;
C. Ellagard , . . . . ..;..;•. ;. .
F. Lheureux . . . ; .¦; . , . ; .'. ; .
A. Coelho ... ..... . . /. ...
F. Papworth ...'. :.j •
L. Keller
R. Nerney .....;...; ... . .
24
13
1C
18
18
12
l'J
20
7
2
12
7
s
18
8
6
20
10
14
0
21
14
14
18
1G
1U
17
It!
0
2
11
10
5
2
4
2
0
7
17
13
22
22
21
18
--14'
wtt
12
10"
0
0
«
0
i
12
¦ 8
17 •;
0
( 2
w
Delicacy.
b
C C 3
3 S > • 0 ¦ Z O
•° i< *§ »?r '¦"¦ £
NAME Q 3 ¦ * S ' » ' a
• s r r fi ?
•. • * ; " ¦
__ ____ _„ ; j .
Kierulff 80 91.8 . \ |
Battu ...... 90 92.4.88.8 T5 81.10 70.7
Muller 105 88. -T 01 79.2 85.1 .;...
Brooks 107 93.4 S8\8 75.10 82.3 ....}.
Charles 81 76.8 82.4 73.-4 77.10
Haight 91 87.8 72. « S0.1
Brotherton .. 117% IH.4 91.8 81.8 86.8 92.6
Mocker 101 85 02. ¦ 75 83.6 46
Turner 91 93.4 83.4 74.2 78.9
Daverlcosen .110 S9.4 83.8 76.8 80.2
Young OG 91 74.2 82.7
Blade 00 87 79.8 72.6 76.1
Kenniff. C. . . 110 RG.8 90.4 75 82.8 97.9
Kenniff, J. . . 114 93 S7 75 81 9313
Mansfield 91.4 92.8 S6.8 89.8 92.3
Golcher 129 |91 81.4 75 78.2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(CONSTIPATION)
H Is an indication of a disordered Stom* If
9 ach, and if not attended to promptly II
| will undermine your constitution and B
Q leave your system In a generally nn- E
S healthy condition, thus nutklng you ¦
J more suceptible to disease. |J
HonyadiJdnos
¦ . v NaUanil LaxaiiTc Mineral Witer. ¦
1 la the best and safest Laxative for the |
I Positive Cure |
pSfPATION
|i - Taken Immediately upon arisingr, its ¦
a wonderful and satisfying effects will I
m surprise you. Try it onco and yon will m
B use no other Laxative. ft
M Bo enre yon got Honyadi Jano*. II
I Don't Be induced I
H To Boy Substitutes. H
a Xlx«sr ar« Vorthle«s mxxA R
|| often Harmful |J
Wk ¦ Label is Bine, with red centra. Jj
®.VLM, VIGOR, VlTAUTYtor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In us« over ttfty
years by the leaders of taa
Mormon Church and their
followers. '. Positively cure th*
'wont cages In old and younc
arUlnsr from effects of ielf-
abuse. ; dissipation, excesses o9
cigarette-smoking. Cur* Lost
Manhood, lmpotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility. HeaiJaciie. XJnfltness to- Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. r-» Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop N«r. *3 MM vous Twltchlojf of
Eyelids. Effects are jTi^TL Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»«« * 9 ney iQ every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand,.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stlmulat*
the brain and nerve centers; 5Oc a box: 8 for
$2 SO by mail. A written guarantee to curs or
money refunded with « boxes. . Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 EUU St..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUO CO.". 3S
and 40 Third street.
I visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
MUSEUM OF AHATOMYf
.*i T'»eL*fe««Aa»toaiiealMi«e n n»i nt i le^
• lWW\ Sl«aa 1 iir^U»eC«s t £&%??'" fr
$ flS^J DR - JORDAM-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I V^f^i Ccn«ult»tion free, and stika» printe \
9 I ArK S II"™^' P"' 0 ""? «' by Utter. A A
B if // III? Write for Booi.PniLODWPQYaf A
\ S II ' »*»••*»¦*«*:. MAJL31> fSMZ. t A 9
A & li wh»bl€bookfo.o«.n) '*»«• « •* V
f DB. JORDAN A CO . 1031 Market St. S." F. Q
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECULISTS F03 MIX
Established 1S3L Con*
fultatlon and prlvita boas
tree at office or by mail.
Cur«a ruaranteed.
731 MARKETS!.
SAN FKANC1SCO, CAU
This Bignataro is on ererr box. of the gentxla*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu
«r, wxaedy that ««,«, a^, ta <„„, «!,»Zlmberley Critically 111.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— The critical ¦ illness
I of the Earl of Kjmberley is announced.'^
'We are agents l for.'.Wlnsory&' Newton;
makers of the , best : artists' ; materials , In
the world. Pyrography t< machines for
burning wood and leather.- Artists'" and
architects', supplies of i every description.
Sanborn; Vail & Co.'. 741 Market St.. . •
Artists' Materials.
-[ CLEVELAND,' : Feb. ,16.— A party of
seven', men 7 and ..women .' coasting^ down
Main-street -hill .to-night u lost; control, Tof
their > sled' and* dashed "• Into "tfe'stona '¦ abut
ment 'of the Erie bridge 'at '.the i bottom ¦> of
the * hill. "^ All 3 received r ; injurles,l and • Pat-~
rick^Fallon's* skull : was : fractured. .- The
physicians : say; he 1 may t die.' - None of the
rest .were i aeriously.; hurt.
Coasters Meet ' Disaster.
Jealousy Causes the Shooting 1 .
LOS Feb.' 16,^-Mrs.;* Hattie
L... Wiley, , who ,was shot : ; three '.times' yes
terday, by , D.': C. ' Kent;; her business part
ner.* is still 'alive? but in" a: precarious con
dition.^",¦?Two:ofithe 1 ; bullets i fired i by Kent
lodged i In '. the ; muscles " of * the • back, : after
passing i through '.the >body, : and i the physi
cians | have : decided not to' risk , the ooera
;tion t necessaryl to ' remove s them.":' Kent's
condition '- Is i not = believed '.* to 3 be " Beriour *
- ; From Information given Blnce the shoot
ing It appears that Jealousy^was the cause
.of the shootinfc^r -; s .>;.'i.v : ? '.»•.•¦:•¦.•. •-, .
S1V PETERSBURG, Feb. 16.— Count
Tolstoi's temperature is at 100, ; while 'his
pulse Is 84. He Is very weak butla bear
ing, up well. It is still hoped that he may
recover. ¦
Count i Tolstoi Is -Very , /Weal?.
• MONTEREY,- Feb. 16. — It Is i stat
ed here that Eastern capitalists are nego
tiating with the Monterey and Pacific
Grove Street-car- Company for the pur
chase ot that company's line,; the' In
tention being to convert it into an elec
tric line and extend it along the coast
to Moss Beach, . where the new* Del
Monte golf links are to be located; and
to Carmel Mission. It - Is : thought here
that the Pacific Improvement Company
i« : to some extent backing the deal.
Capitalists Want Monterey ' Line. ¦
f: MANAGUA!;-; Feb."! 16.— President f Zelaya
has i released ¦, from . prison '¦/¦ General ; ' Vas-""
quez,' former » President ; of : Honduras;- and
has granted him permission [ to leave Nic
aragua. k j General ;Vasquez ;.was;; arrested
early hi January 'while .. on aboard -i the
steamship i Tucapel ; of -¦ the. South Ameri
can Steamship j Company,', a ¦ Chilean con
cern.v charged - with-, attempting ', to incite
a" revolution « in '. Central * America I against
President \ Zelaya. ;¦¦. ¦< \
General Vasquez Is Liberated.
; BUTTE , Mont., Feb. 16.— Anunldentified
man ; was ; run ; over^ by a ; Great Northern
passenger •; train at * Bloomberg, about
forty miles north of this city, and instant
ly killed to-night. • , The man's head was
severed . from the body.
Beheaded by a Passenger .Train.
• ; CHICAGO, Feb. ¦ 16.— The Chicago Fed
eration t of Labor . ; to-day : adopted i resolu
tions presented , to that body • by, the : Chi
cago Postofflce Clerks' Union, urging Con
gress to I pass ¦; legislation for :: a 1 shorter
workday for employes Of • the postal.serv
ice. ' ¦ To-day's, movement is said to be the
first i action « of .* the r kind . since • the ¦ recent
sweeping order | of I President Roosevelt In
regard to : the '¦ postal*; employes; going to
Congress for legislation.
Takes :TJp ; Postal Clerk'sj Fight.
REDDING, Feb. 16.— It is reported here
this evening that Miss : Clara Bass and
Guy Talbot, young society people, were
nearly drowned and their valuable horses
were drowned as a result of attempting
to ford Cow Creek, ¦ east of Redding. No
particulars are yet obtainable. -'^BSIg^HB
The young folks started for, a drive
across the storm-swollen stream, and this
is said to have nearly caused their death.
The man who arrived here for another
team knows no details . beyond \ that the
occupants of • the ; buggy / were • washed
down the stream and narrowly escaped
death. ...... .
Ford a Creek and Narrowly
Escape.
Occupants of a Vehicle Attempt to
RAPID-RITNNING STREAM
ALMOST ENGTJLFS THEM
Favors Reducing the Spanish Army.
MADRID, Feb. 16.— The Queen Regent
will «ign the treaty of triendshlp with
the United States to-morrow. General
Weyler, Minister of War, will submit to
the Cortes a proposal to ¦ reduce the
Spanish army by four army corps.
* VINCENNES, , Ind..: Feb. 16.— At Wheat
land,'iwhere- negroes ;'work' for white.
farmers, 1 the ' ; following \ , notice, : signed
/.'Firebugs,'' .was . found to-day posted,
conspicuously: '. '¦'•.''¦ • ¦ . ' r
• ."Notice is hereby . given that any/ man
who * employs negro . labor after the first
"day of >March, ', or -harbors, leases or
! rents land., to ; any negro, their . houses
will be burned . after the first day of
'April. 1 ; !. mv ,--.-:: .^ ¦•¦•' •-. :¦:¦ .•-•¦-• - .-. :
Homesif They" Disregard j'the
' ; , ; % Orders Sent %
Firebugs /Threaten to Bum Their
rABMEBS BJBCEXVE: -> NOTICE
TO DISCHARGE NEGRO HELP
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.-Charles M.
Schwcb. president of the United States
Steel Corporation, returned from Europe
to-day on ¦ the American liner , St. , Paul
after an absence of two months,* spent in
travel on the Continent and in England.
He ' was accompanied by his wife and sis
ter, and was greeted when he landed by
his father and mother, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Schwab, and bis brother, Joseph Schwab,
and a large party of friends. He declined
to discuss either his trip or the annual
meeting of the steel corporation, which
will take place to-morrow at Hoboken.
Schwab Returns From Europe.
; TRIESTE, Austria, Feb. 16.— As a result
of the strikes 'martial law has been pro
claimed here. Altogether 100 arrests have
been \ made. •; In some of the trades ' it is
expected -work will be resumed ; to-mor
roW. ; /' / .; ¦¦-, '<:<¦¦ '"¦ .. -y ' ;¦' L\X
' A cold, blustering: wind was ¦ blowing
and it is snowing hard at the funeral to-
I night of the victims of the encounters be-'
tween I the ¦ strikers ; and X the troops. | Ex
traordinary « manifestations' of" mourning
¦were witnessed. A military escort accbm-:
panied the funeral cortege and the ceme
tery was guarded ¦ by, troops. ¦ There were
no disorders and the troubles are believed
to be ended. :'•:-¦¦¦,,¦¦' "¦>-.• ;y.-.<> .->--" :? '•
¦ Feb. 16.— The riots at Trieste
were ; the gravest that ' have ' occurred ' in
Austria v in -many -years. ; : The " original
i strike - is supposed \ to • have been an- out
come , of Socialist > or , anarchist . agitation.
During^ Friday's ; riots twelve persons
were; killed and > twenty-flve swounded,
while on Saturday four persons met death.
Including the ' Police Commissioner," who
was killed by a revolver shot.; Some of the
reports;say that more: than- 100 persons
¦were • wounded. -.- ¦:¦"'¦¦¦ ¦ ; , ": , , ,.
. i. There ,: Is i little doubt : that the troops
were T over hasty. • Dr. " von . Kberber the
Imperial * Premier, explained to : the
Reichsrath v yesterday ; that -. the officer
commanding i the s troops was struck \ by . a
stone and fell. unconscious: that the offi
cer next in^ rank ordered, his 'men to fire,
and ! that the ' latter were so excited that
they . fired recklessly,' with the ; result that
a girl, i sitting in -, a second-story . window,
and ; a ' postal ; clerk," sitting in ¦ his : office,
were ; shot : dead. -.- ,v. ' v • i* r ;.{>•
'.'. The -Relchsrath;. unanimously, .voted -i a
practical censure ! on ; the > Government* for
permitting, the .troops to fire on. the i mob.
The- Municipal* Council", of -Trieste: • has
adopted a" similar resolution and has de
cided to? provide • forj the families of 'the
victims i of the - encounters " at ' public cost.
It is not unlikely that the Municipal Coun
cil I of : Trieste * will ; .be dissolved ' for defi
ance of the Government. All of . the ac
counts describe the riots. as a ,"revolutlon«
' ary. outbreak.'? ; ¦;:* : *-' .*¦* ' . ',. ' : ;.. ¦„ r: - ¦ J
. .This information comes to the State De
partment | in a report from . Commercial
Agent Greener at Vladivostok, dated Jan
uary 20, which was made public" to-day,
together with one from , Consul l General
Holloway at St. Petersburg, upon , the
same subject," dated January 18.- - ' -
The Consul General says that the new
regulations forming port dues in Russia
went into effect the first, of .the year, and
will greatly facilitate the , present ¦ system
of levying such dues, as henceforth there
will be but two kinds of port dues, name
ly, that paid by. all. ships ..entering Rus
sian, harbors and 'the" "pood due,", levied
only in the Russian harbors named in the
Russian act on the subject. The ship dues
amount to 5 , cents per ton for each ! ship
"of 'ft, nation with which Russia has con
cluded commercial and navigating treaties
and $1 03 per ton for other ships. ¦ ;
Consul General Holloway calls' atten
tion to the fact ;that the .. Russian Minis
ter of -Finance is empowered to raise this
rate for ships of certain states, and doubt
less," he * says, such an enhancement will
be- enforced against the nations .which
have tariff difficulties .witluRussia.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— While the
Russian retaliatory, tariff j£ upon certain
American goods is still In force, an effort
Is being made to have the Russian Min
ister of ; Finance exercise his discretion
under a section of the new regulations
as to port dues in the empire, which con
fers ; on that official the right to. decrease
charges on goods of little value or to re
move them entirely, and by which Ameri
can machinery in parts might enter Rus
sia 5 at the reduced or free rate. " . , \
Discretionary Power Is
Given to the Minister
of Finance.
Troops Guard Cemetery
While Strike Victims
.Are Buried.
:. Needham. /was .born I in Ireland ; . about
sixty years-ago. I At 1 20 years of age he
became an evangelist and toured Eng
land and " Ireland . until 1868, with fruitful
results." He then came to Boston and did
pastoral '¦'- work in Chicago ¦, and & Canada
several ;years, but the : greater,; part'.-.-, of
his ¦ life was spent .in a constant move
ment •: from one part of the ; country to
another." ''He was one 'of those who co
operated'with Moody and Sankey, and
was ¦ talked : of ;: as Moody' s successor. •;;
Needham wrote much ¦ on Bible themes.
One - of . his books, "Father Waffle," has
reached a • circulation of - half a • million.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 16.-The Rev.
George > Carter, .-„ Needham, 'the noted
evangelist, died suddenly of neuralgia' of
the heart to-day. He returned last week
from a, three weeks'; campaign."
Philadelphia.
denly Expires at His Home in
Bev. George Carter Needham Sud-
noted; evanoelist dies
.; OF NETTBALGIA OF HEART
Florence Burns Is Arraigned in Cen
ter-Street Court and B«manded
to the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— Florence Burns,
the young woman who was arrested and
locked up on suspicion that she knew
something of the death of "Walter^S.
Brooks, tne young commission merchant,
was arraigned in the Center-street court
to-day and remanded to the Tombs for a
further Investigation. Miss Burns, who
is 19 years old, has since her arrest main
tained a remarkably cool demeanor and
refuj.es to talk of the case.
POLICE HOLD TO tOTQ GULL if, .
. O2* SUSPICION OF MTTRDEB
medical point of view a satisfactory one.'
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. continued to show
much Improvement. . <
Mrs. Roosevelt spent the greater por
tion of the day at the infirmary with her
son, and did not leave for the Gardner
houre until late in the afternoon. Miss
Alice Roosevelt . went for a ride in the
morning. Mrs. James Roosevelt, an aunt,
arrived here last night.
MBS.; EOOSEVELT EEMAINS
- AT BEDSIDE OF HEB. SON
Toting: Patient Passes a Quiet Sab
bath and Continues to Show
Improvement.
GROTON,; Mass., Feb: 16.— The three
eick boys in the Groton school Infirmary
had a very quiet Sunday, and from a
. By unanimous consent the census bill
will be disposed of after the Danish treaty
i and before the debate on the Philippine
bill is taken up. It is expected that a vott
-will be reached . on the census bill after
very little more debate. ' - - .
- The coming week promises to be one of
.unusual activity In the House of Repre
sentatives. Beginning tomorrow, the war
revenue reduction bill will . be taken up,
.with two days for debate, and a stringent
special rule bringing the bill to a vote at
3 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, without
Intervening motion to recommit or amend
ments other than thqse of a verbal char
acter proposed by the committee. At the
outset there promises to be a spirited con
test on the adoption of -the special rule,
as the minority will protest against the
cutting off of amendments and the motion
to recommit. There is little doubt, how
ever, that the rule will be adopted.
.When the debate proper begins, there
will be- hardly more than three hours. on
each side. This time will.be given to the
members of the Ways and Means Commit
tee, who in r turn will apportion It among,
their colleagues. The passage of the bill
is a foregone conclusion, as the minority
members as well as the majority favor it,
the only difference being as to the amount
of reduction and the extent to which
tariff changes should go.
Aside from the tariff tissue, it would be
no -surprise if the sensational speech of
Representative Wheeler of Kentucky "an
Prince Henry's visit and other foreign
matters figures in the discussion, as much
feeling has been aroused by the speech.
i If the consideration of the treaty be not
concluded to-morrow its final disposition
probably will be postponed for several
days, as Senator Lodge has agreed to
sidetrack the Philippine bill for only one
day. " -
With reference to the Philippine bill, it
is altogether probable that a vote will be
reached during the latter part of , the
week. The Democrats have been in con
ference and have reached' the conclusion
that they Will be able to conclude the
presentation of their opposition to the bill
in a few more speeches. An agreement
fixing a time to vote is likely to be reached
on Tuesday, and the indications now are
that next Friday or next Saturday will
.be named as the day for deciding the fate
of the bill.
."WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The/ greater
part of to-morrow will be devoted by the
i Senate to an effort to ratify the treaty
I with Denmark for the cession of the Dan
ish West Indies. This proceeding will be
in executive session and there is no cer
tainty as to whether one day will be suf
ficient for the purpose or not. Thus far
there has been no marked evidence of
"opposition to the treaty, but Senator Ba
con has indicated a purpose of offering an
amendment to the agreement and of dis
cussing it to some extent. What further
¦ discussion may develop remains to be
I seen.
Senate to Discuss Pur
chase of the Danish
West Indies.
TRIESTE UNDER
MARTIAL LAW
gate, <the chaplain of "the order, offered
a, prayer. Secretary A. G. Mullen read a
list of the documents placed in the corner
stone. W." E. Biauer, treasurer, then gave
the box to Exalted' Kuier: Patton, who
proceeded to place it in -the = cornerstone.
Tyler August • Menn Jr. '• handed the ex
alted ruler a vessel containing: water, and
after sprinkling the ' stone Patton placed
the brick and stone in place, v.
¦"¦ Another prayer .was then offered by^.the
chaplain. -- Past - . Exalted Ruler - Jackson
Hatch . delivered « an 'oration. _ Education
and ( the" work of libraries ¦ was the theme
of, his address. He spoke of their uplift
ing influence on -the people.' and paid a
tribute : to Carnegie./ Exalted Ruler. Pat
ton closed .the ceremonies V with' a, .few
words. The singing of "The Star Spangled
Banner" by the- Elks' choir and a flag sa
lute :by . the : Elks closed the ceremonies
Selections .by the band interspersed the
exercises, v, ; ' ' 'v - . ¦¦
• The new Carnegie library; will be one of
the finest structures- of *its r kind;- on the
' coast. In r answer to a- letter from Mayor.
Martin setting forth the needs of the city
for such a building,' Carnegie donated the
sum, of $50,000. Contracts for the building
complete have been- let for $45,000. Some
$5000 . remaining will- be used in the pur.'
chase of books.;:. It : will.be a handsome
story-and-a-half ' structure,' of •- pressed
brick and sandstone. In the basement
.there will be an assembly hall, and above
will be two reading-rooms with a capacity
of 200 each, anda stackroom with a ca
pacity of 45,000 volumes. '
RUSSIA ADOPTS
NEW PORT DUES
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16.— With impres
sive ceremonies the cornerstone
of the* new $50,000 Carnegie 11
braryvwas laid this afternoon:
under the auspices of . the " SanV
Jose Elks. A large crowd attended the ¦
ceremonies at the site of the library in
the northeast corner of the Normal :
School Sauare at the corner of Fourth
and San. Fernando streets. A. resolution
adopted- i»y the - Pastors'. { Union.: a. f ew.;
, ¦days'- ago/ deploring -the fact that the cor-',
nerstone was to be laid on Sunday
caused some talk, and some of the citi
zens of the city . evidently stayed away
on " this account. .
The ceremonies opened with a parade
of the Order of Elks through the,
principal streets of the city. Chief, of
Police - Kidward and a squad of police
headed the procession. Then came the
Fifth Regiment . Band, followed < by the
officers and members of. the Order of
Elks? About two hundred members of
the organization were in line, each mem
ber carrying an American flag. Mayor
Martin, the City Council, the library
trustees and other city, and - county otR- .
cials were in the column. D. F. McGraw
was grand marshal.
Exalted Ruler J. R. Patton presided at
the cornerstone exercises. He made a
few remarks upon the work of libraries
in the progress and development of the <
pe6ple and the country. Charles L. South-
PAST- EXALTED RULER OF THE ELKS WHO DELIVERED AN 'IM
PRESSIVE ORATION WHEN THE CORNER-STONE OF THE CARNE
GIE LIBRARY WAS LAID IN SAN JOSE. .
LITCHFIELD, 111.. Feb. 16.— Two per-
Eons met death and five were injured to
day in a rear-end collision . near here be- [
tween the "Diamond Special" of the Il
linois Central road and a freight train.
The collision was remarkable in that' the
fast passenger was ahead of the freight
and that both trains were moving.
The dead:
E. B. BURNS, fireman on freight.
FRANK McINTYRE, brakeman on
freight.
The injured: C. W. Castles, conductor;
hip injured and two ribs fractured, also
hurt about chest. John Dean. 11 years old,
eon of Assistant Superintendent Dean of
the Pullman Company; severe cut on leg.
Michael Donnelly, Chicago; cut about face
and head. A. M. Dearborn, Chicago; foot
bruised. E. Alton. Pullman porter, St.
Louis; cut about head and injured in
ternally.
The "Diamond Special" was moving at
a rate of twelve miles an hour when th«
freight crashed into the rear sleeper. It
is said the passenger would have been
traveling faster had there not been some
trouble with the locomotive's machinery.
The engineer on the freight engine de
clared that the fogr was so thick he could
not see 100 feet ahead.
Two Pullman coaches were badly
wrecked and the freight engine is almost
a total loss. No passengers were hurt.
MARSHALLTOWN, la.. Feb. 16.— Four
lives were lost in a head-on collision on
the Iowa Central Railroad near Glfford
to-day, a light engine crashing into a pas
senger train.
The dead:
WALLACE DREW, Keithsburg. 111.,
engineer light engine.
JOHN WHITE. Oskaloosa, engineer
passenger train.
F-RAjaSTTATTON, MarsnantownT flre-: '
man light engine.
ELMER OGLE, Marshalltown, fireman
passenger train.
A number of passengers received slight
injuries. Engineer Drew of the freight
engine failed to clear the passenger train
at Gifford, as ordered.
Sleeper.
Freight Train Crashes
Into a Passenger
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G : STREET N.
W., WASHINGTON/ Feb.; 16.— Diplomats
in i are » wondering . if recent
disclosures in ¦ connection I with Lord
Pauncefote's part -in- the international
movement to intervene to ) prevent war
with Spain will have any effect upon his
stay in Washington. '¦*-- \...
! ! So far as ; this Government Is concerned
there is no intention to take* action. The
State Department is .. inclined to believe
that • there is some . ground : for the . Em
bassador's claim'; that," in urging that an
other . noteV be addressed to tne United
States, he. acted not upon his own initia
tive,- as asserted. by herr. von' Hoilenben,"
the German i,muaa=aaur, ana otoer aiptu
mats in tneir uispatcnes to their govern
ments, but upon that of tne Austrian
Minister, officials of tne .dritisn kmoassy
say that tne British Government is v ea
tirely satisn'ed witn Lord Jfauncetote's
procedure ana has no intention ot punian
mg him- in any way. : - ¦.
other members oi the diplomatic corps
say that the British : Government must
either relieve Lord B Pauncef ote ¦ or take
upon itself "the responsibility, tor. his ef
forts to induce the powers to take further
action looking to intervention after the
late iPresldent-McKinley rejected the first
note presented. . . -• '
Asiae from the international Importance
achieved by the quarrel between Great
britaln ana Germany to < prove that each
other was unfriendly to tnls country dip
lomats here are | interested ¦ because Lord
Pauncef ote ¦ is the dean of the diplomatic
corps. : Should Lord Pauncef ote be re
lieved, then' Herr von Holleben, the next
senior Embassador, will succeed him as
dean. Herr von Holleben is consequently
greatly interested in the future move
ments of his colleague. ¦ - • --..
.The British "Embassador is already, be
yond the i.ge when diplomats in the Brit
ish service are retired. Queen .Victoria
continued him In Washington and King
Edward confirmed her action. It was ru
mored to-day that the Embassador would
certainly be retired in April, • but this was
denied at the < -nbassy , where it is said
the matter is entirely in the hands of the
British Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Lord Pauncef ote has not been In his
usual good health for some. time, and It
was suggested\to r day that he might not
be unwilling to retire.. Lord Pauncef ote's
friends say, however, that the Embassa
dor i would regret to retire'- at : this i time.
because his relief from the -mbassy here
would be construed as disapproval by hia
Government of his course in connection
with the intervention negotu-tions Just
before the Spanish war.
EEV. FAY MILLS TENSEST S
RESIGNATION AS PAL?0R
Desires to Sever His Connectloi- "v?v.!i
the First Unitarian Church of
Oakland. , ! u> ¦"' ; r ,l \ r >
OAKLAND, .Feb. 16.— The Rev. B. Fay
Mills surprised- his congregation at; the
First Unitarian Church at this morning's
service by informing the members of his
desire to withdraw from the pastorate he
has filled so satisfactorily for two years.
The information came ' in the form of a
letter which .the pastor read himself. In
this letter : the " Rev. Mr. Mills tells the
congregation that he believes he has ful
filled his mission as the . head of the
church and now wishes to accept an offer
for work in a larger field. " =-.-. -
I.. , .;¦-< "—
An unusually strong bill is being pre
sented at the Orpheum this week. Tnere
are a number of favorites on the bill and
their efforts were greatly appreciated last
night. ;
--, Jessie Dale, the girl barytone, has suns
herself into favor apd her return to the
theater was gratifying to its patrons.
Warren and Blanchara also scored fteav
ily. The former is a clever comedian.
Bianchard's splendid voice was heard to
'advantage, in a number of topical sun?s.
The Hawaiian Giee C»ub raaas iu» miual
appearance in vaudeville ano was warmiy
received. Ten Hawaiians form the cIud,
and in the aggregation are good voices
and clever instrumentalists,
Mary Norman, the society caricaturist,
presented a number of new take-offs. The
Blossoms do a funny acrobatic turn and
the Dempsey and Mack company produces
a clever skit entitled "A Man of Cnance."
The Merrills, three in number, call
themselves the new century cyclists. They
are . entitled to their name, as they do
wonderful and daring feats on the "silent
steed."
* * . *
The second week of Charles Dalton in
"The Sign of the Cross" began last night
at the California under auspicious circum
stances, and business promise's to excel
that of last week, which was Immense.
Dalton as Marcus Superbus-plays the part
with feeling, and- is ably supported by a
capable company. Principal among these
is George Flood as Tigelllnus. Henry N.
Wenman as Glabrio and George Rlddeli
as Nero. Among the ladies of- the com
pany who achieve distinction are MiS3
Julia Escott, whose Eerenis is a splendid
.piece of characterization; Mlgnon Shat^
tinger as Mercia, the Christian girl be^
loved by. Marcus, and Miss Marcella Hud
son as the boy Stephanus. Next week
It will be ' to laugh in this popu
lar playhouse, when Murray and Mack,
surrounded by a score of funmakers, will
appear in a brand new revival of "Shoot
ing the Chutes." ..
* • *
Mme. Lillian Nordlca will give her first
concert this evening at Metropolitan Hall.
The noted singer will also appear
Wednesday night and again on Saturday
afternoon. The three concerts will .ter
minate her stay in this city. Already
most of the reserved seats for the first
night have been sold out. A large audi
ence will doubtless be on hand to welcome
the vocal star on her first night's appear
ance.
* * •
"The Ameer" will hold down the boards
at the Tivoll for the rest of the week.
The piece is a mirth producer of the very
best kind, and its llnea give Ferris Hart
man unbounded opportunity to make fun.
• • •
"The Orient Express," a" farce comedy,
will have a week's run at the Alcazar,
commencing to-night.
• • •
The beautiful pastoral piece, "Way
Down East," will be the attraction, at the
! .^olumbiaTnls -week. . . -
• • •
George Ober will appear this week in
Hoyt's famous comedy drama. "A Tem
perance* Town," at the Grand Opera. The
first performance will be given this evea
lng - '. • ?
I Kelly and VIoIette, ."the fashion plate
I duo," will be the main attraction at the
Chutes this week. Ella Burt will still
continue to do her sensational ride down
the chutes "n a bicycle. Gertrude St.
Leon Is on Uie bill to perform her daring
slide for lif e_ cU
The vaudeville attractions billed for this
week's performances at the Oiympia
promise to be exceptionally entertaining.
When a man is too lazy to work he
tries '. to ' persuade " his wife to start a
boarding-house. -.—;*
SIX LIVES LOST
IN COLLISIONS
The vote authorizing a favorable report
oh s- the ; bill : stood : eight f or " and seven
against. ; Two members, Mann and Davis,
favorable to .the bill . were absent, and
since then, two of the members, Lovering
and Wagner, who- voted against the bill
in the committee have : signed the report
in - favor, of .the passage ' of the, bill, sug
gesting.-,, an '¦¦; amendment authorizing the
purchase of the cable contracted, for, be-"
tween California and' Hawaii. The minor
ity . of the committee oppose Government
ownership and favor the proposals of the
Commercial Pacific Company to. lay a pri
vate cable. . ¦¦¦:.
5 Every part of the world has been enlightened
by, cable lines except .the Pacific Ocean. This
vast body ; of water, . under the ; control - of our
Government, .¦ seems to be the one - dark spot
upon the face of ; the earth "and for the want
of a -cable the ' gem s of the ; Pacific, the Ha
waiian Islands, a part of our own country, aro
left in darkness seven days behind the rest o*
the world.
General Greely, . chief of the signal ser
vice • of ¦ the War Department, -who has
charge: of the telegraphic lines owned by
the Government and who has given the
subject -.careful consideration and con
structed several hundred miles | of cable
under the control of the War Department,
the report says, estimates the entire cost
of a Pacific cable, including ships and all
possible contingencies, at $10,000,000, and
places the annual expense at $525,000. His
judgment is : confirmed by; the opinion ¦ of
Rear Admiral. R.; B. Bradford, chief of
the bureau of .equipment of the navy. A
complete I survey has been made : by : our
navy at the expense of at least $500,000 to
our . people '¦- and * a ¦ route - : established ;. ex
tending from Calif ornia' to Hawaii, Guam,
"Wake or » Midway and the Philippine
ands.-; There, is no longer- any doubt as
to the practicability, of this project ¦ from
a technical and engineering point of view.
In conclusion the report says:'
The right to construct and- operate the Pa
cific cable is a' public utility or franchise held
by the people.- Its control is an inherent right
of the nation; ¦ its* construction and operation
necessarily will . become, " for a - ereat ¦ many
years, a monopoly and should nof be trans
ferred from the control; of the people. "¦' .
-' Regarding Government ownership of ca- ,
bles Corliss : says England for . fifty year
has been constantly acquiring, by; pur ,
chase and construction, cable communica-' :
tion with her vast possessions, until she
has expended 1 upwards of 1100,000,000 for
this ~ purpose, and operates . her own ca
bles connecting her; colonies. : England i3 ,
now - > constructing . a >; Pacific Cable from -
Vancouver to Australia at a cost of nearly
$9,000,000, and in order. to give her trades
men and manufacturers the benefit of this
communication at ';. the least < possible ex
pense has fixed a rate of 2 shillings, or 5J
•cents, per "word for cable messages . from
Vancouver t to New Zealand. Corliss fur
ther says: >¦ ~;\ " .'- ,. - ¦ '¦..'¦¦ ''>/ : ;r\
< ' France. Germany and other nations are not
Bleeping upon. theic rights as the people of the
United States have been, but are establishing
Government telegraphic communication with
their respective possessions. . - j
I, ¦- therefore, contend that the Pacific cablo
should be owned, controlled and operated by
the Government of, the United. States. It should
be, made by an American manufacturer, laid by
an American ship under the American, flag and
operated at the actual- cost of dissemination !
of knowledge.' the proper direction of our army
and navy, . and i the advancement of our trade
and commerce in the Pacific. ; The . transmis
sion of communication should be held by the
State. ; % '¦"¦¦¦; ••."..¦¦-• ;, : ' .J '-,'¦'•¦; x^v-.-^/v"'.? -.-•¦?•;.£': .
*¦ The' future peace and prosperity o£ these isl
ands !'. will ¦ largely depend upon , the > facilities
extended by : our ; Government for. the advance
ment and; enlightenment of the people there.
If • we are to '¦ continue ' In ~, control ¦ of ; these isl
ands i the ¦>. people - must be made" to understand
the ; character and purpose .of our,: Government
and to feel the benefits of enlightened civiliza
tion and American , liberty. This : can . be . ac
complished through ' the medium of cable com
munications. • The 'advancement ; of our own
people and the benefit of rapid communication
through I the telephone, - telegraph and - railway
linea illustrates the '¦ advantages and progress
that may . be achieved through cable messages.-
WASHINGTON, -Feb. 16.— The report to
be filed 1 to-morrow.bjr the House Commit
tee on Interstate and- Foreign | Commerce
recommending the passage! of the bill in
troduced | by Representative Corliss \ pro
viding, for Government ownership of a Pa
cific ; cable; says that the United States by
the' annexation : of ; Hawaii and the acqui
sition of the"; Philippines and % other isl
ands the ratification of the Paris
treaty ; assumed :¦' .-,¦ the ¦'•: responsibility of
maintaining peace • inTthe J Pacific Ocean.
This' obligation, the ¦*. report, which was
prepared? by ' Representative —Corliss,; the
author of the 'bill, says, was deliberately
undertaken by. this country, and approver
by ;the united; voice ¦? of - the . people. It
adds:, ' } './"¦¦'" '..¦ •'.:.'. .'-...- " -
TREATY LIKELY
TO BE RATIFIED
Despondency was the cause of both sui
cides. Mrs. cohn had once nearly a year
ago attempted to take her life, and her
successtul effort to-night was the culmi
nation of what her friends and husband
believe was a period of temporary mental
abberation of more than a week's dura
tion. The Curren girl had quarreled with
her lover, a telephone lineman, who lives
at Everett.
. Mrs. Cohn was a handsome woman,
about 28 years of age, and. had lived
here about three years, coming to Seattle
with her husband, Louis Cohn, ¦ a bar
tender, from San Francisco. For the
past two years the couple had lived at
the Brewster House. - Persons who were
acquainted with them claim that their
home life was happy, but that Mrs. Cohn
was subject to lits of despondency, in
which she would threaten to take her
own life. In one of these she took mor
phine, and was saved only after the pro
longed efforts of a physician.
Saturday night Mrs. Cohn left, the lodg
ing-house after telling several friends that
she intended to go out and take poison.
Her husband and the landlady of the
Brewster House, Mrs. Jennie Hiedaux,
spent the entire night In searching for
her, but without success. Late this even
ing Cohn went out to continue the search.
Ten minutes after his departure Mrs.
Cohn entered the house and went to her
room. A few moments later she called
for Mrs. Hiedaux. Just as the latter en
tered, the room Mrs. Cohn drank two
ounces of carbolic acid from a small vial
she had brought to the house with her.
Mrs. Hiedaux sprang forward to wrench
the poison from her hand, but was too
late. Messengers were sent to find
a physician, and Dr. Bories finally . re
sponded. He worked over the suffering
woman for. nearly an hour but could do
nothing to counteract the effects of the
poison. The body was removed to the
! morgue on the order of Coroner Hoj'e,
¦who was summoned after death had oc
curred. Two hours later the husband re
turned to the house and heard the news
of the tragedy.
Less tnau.a hour later Edith Curren,
a beautiful girl, 19 years of age, who had
been employed as a waitress In a Third
avenue restaurant, took her life by the
tame means in her room at the Plaza
.House, corner of 'Anird avenue and Union
street.
SEATTLE. Wash., Feb. 16.— Mrs. Sallle
Cohn, formerly one of the belles of the
little city of Monterey, Cal., committed
suicide to-night at the Brewster House by
taking carbolic acid. •
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.-Edward Macfar
lane, a leading resident of Hawaii and,
with his brother George, proprietor of the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu,, died
early to-day at the 'Auditorium Hotel of
acute pneumonia- Mr. Macfarlane was
married but two weeks ago to Miss Flor
ence Ballinger of San Francisco. The
couple were en route to New York on
their wedding tour when Mr. Macfarlane
contracted a severe cold, which developed
into pneumonia. The body will be taken
to Ban Francisco for burial.
Edward Macfarlane was born on the isl
and of Gahu and was 49 years of age. In
addition to his hotel property he was
heavily interested in the sugar plantations
in the islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attractions Are Presented
' at All the Local
Theaters.
Members Favor Government
Ownership of Line to the
Philippines.
Seattle Drinks Deadly
Draught
Another Young Woman in
Anglo-German Quarrel May
Cause Change in Diplo
matic Corps.
Widow on Her Honey
moon Trip.
Bride of Two "Weeks Is Made
House Committee Rec
; 'onlmends- Passage of
Rumor^That Emtiassador
"Will Be Retired in
.April. '¦;;;
Mrs.! Saliie Cohn Corn-
mits Suicide in the
North.
Hawaiian Dies of Prieu-
Hotel
monia in a Chicago
?The Sign of the Cross"
Draws Well at the
California.
PACIFIC CABLE
IS A NECESSITY
PAUNGEFOTE MAY
LEAVE AMERICA
ENDS LIFE WHEN
DESPONDENT
FINAL SUMMONS
FOR MACFARLANE
ELKS LAY CORNERSTONE
OF CARNEGIE LIBRARY
Impressive Ceremonies Are Gohduct^^in
the Garden Gity :and> Addresses; Are
Made 'by Prominent Men of the Order
DARING CYCLISTS
AT THE ORPHEUM
THE SA;N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRU^Y 17, 1902.
7
: POSTTTM- CEBEAL.
A COFFEE SWORD.
The Old Things Would "Bob Up."'-'
Coffee puts its . 'sword into . people first
one place and then another. You may
depend upon it, if you are a coffee drink-
er and have, ailments in some of the or-
gans of the body, that coffee is doing its
work. You may prove - whether it is or
not by leaving if off for ten days or. two
weeks, although it often takes from nine
months to two years to recover from. its
effects. ..... - ; •-.
Mr. J. W. Ashby. ML Airy, N. C. says:
"I was 4 coffee drinker, for 25 years.
About three years ago I suffered " greatly
with pains in the region of my heart, and \
the pit of my stomach. These pains ap-|
peared about the same time each day. ,
"I. wondered "if coffee might not be the
fault, so began the test of leaving off cof-
fee. The pains ceased, , but when I be-
gan to use coffee again' the same old
pains would 'bob up.' I have now been
using Postum for some time in' place of
, coffee and am entirely, cured of the old
' neuralgia of the stomach and heart. ' Re-
•pectfuiur." KMi9H9B9SH
AJDVEaTISEMENTS. ¦ . _ _ ' _ ,
Weakn&ss yy
Neither Sick Nor Well.
A Distinguished Medical Ediior Tells How Many Are
Subject to Semi-Starvation or an Habitually
Half-Fed Condition Because Their
1 oivinawus fion I iiwiRt
A Way to Cure " Chronic Starvation 11 and Us Attendant Weaknesses
and Disabilities Is Pointed Out. ;
An editorial in the October. 1901, Issue of the on, the stomach for nourishment and renewal "
Medical Brief, a Journal published by and for that "; will prepare them to satisfactorily per-
physlcicns.- and having the \ largest circulation form their function, and resist disease. Stu-
*"?r*V\- ' „• , , ,, , .„• art's Dyspepsia .Tablets do not simply sthnu-
of any; strictly professional medical publlca- uU bat \ ney tone, strengthen andjbulld up tui-
tion : in the 4 world, says!— .," ; •;.-. stomach, make it active and canable of cor-
¦: f 4< There' are many patients. who have nothing vertlns food Into pure rich blood that will
organically" wronr with them, but are kept In fully .feed. the half-starved tissues so they will
a'wealv anemic state bya'lack of idiVesUve a«velop Into full-functioned perfection.
*.'. . rr* • - ' ¦• , - - - - • • , - , There are many remedies on the market for
power. If we can improve dixestion we in- lmpalred O r perverted dUrestion. but none aw
crease their enerey. * productive output and s0 safe, so economical, no convenient, so effec-
sense of.'well-beins. tive. «o popular, as are Stuart's Dyspepsia
- "For this • class of cases,, alcoholics and Tablets: Whether, the dyspepsia * is of Iongf
strong bitters often do more harm than good. »t andln S or J« merely & case of temporary to-
.* . ? _.,,.. , -i - ' ' ; -,¦ digestion, they give prompt and pronounced
while they,, temporarily, stimulate and Improve Thelp cctmued „« will cure all formi
the appetite, if long used they , bring on a re- of digestive inefficiency. '.. ' 'v .: '-.': r ' '. '
action v worse ; than ithe first state. ' Gastric • By promoting perfect digestion' Stuart's TJys- /
catarrh; is likely to follow their prolonged use pepsia Tablets oroduce pure blood, sound and
from T con»tant : and; artificial congestion of the healthy flesh, strong nerves; make the eyes '
gastric * mucous membrane." ;;', • bright, the skin dear.* the mind cheerful, tha
; Stuart's ;Dysoepsia^TabIets.are ,, the . proper slaep; natural and restful.' Stuart's Dyspepsia
remedy for; this condition. /-Being ; In tablet Tablets are easily and 'cheaply obtained, for
form they are not only convenient to carry, and they are sold, at all drug stores at 50 cents »
take^ but ; are , necessarily ' free '. from 'all [ alcohol-, box. . i J
les and objectionable stimulating drugs do ; "Write to F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall. Mich.,
not: enter. Into their cornjwsltlon. for their book 'on stomach diseases, at is tw'i
U Every, organ and tissue of the .body depend* a postal card wlUbring it; send one 'to-daj. .THE SAN FKi^^^
8
SAN FRANCISCO? CALL.
. BUSIKESS OFFICE cf The San Fraaelseo
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year. ¦:
BRAN'CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m. ' • ¦ -j
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street: open -until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
IOC Eleventh 6treet: open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia rtreet: CDen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p.'.tn. .- -..-..
2200 fitlmore etre»t: own' until fl p. ?n.
MEETING NOTICES. ' '
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery •»_
No. 16. K. T., 625 Sutter st — Stated
Assembly THIS EVENING at 8 ftS
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraters O0
are courteously Invited.
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ¦ .
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Business and M. M. degree. • jj.2%
H. Q. PRINCE. Sec ' '
STARR KING Lcd«re, V. D-. F. & A. »"'
M.. Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS Jk
< MONDAY) EVENING. at 7:30 JiJ?
o'clock. First degree. By order of r*r^
tbe-W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
OCCIDKNTAL Lodjre No. 22. F. & A. •
M. — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _^V_
7:30 o'clock. Third . decree. Master T*LJ\
Ms«ons cordially invited. By .order / '
cf the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secty.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. and •»
A. M.. 1833 Flllmore «t. — Third de- _#%_
E-ree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Jt_3T
HARRY BAEHR, Sec. ***>
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. '
0. F.— Initiation MONDAY EVE.
Feb. 17. All members and visit-
Ing brothers fnvlted. • «^«i4W-
WM. B. AYER. N. G.
ANNUAL meetir-e Paauhau Sagar Plantation
Company —^The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Paauhau. Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held-. at the office cf
the company. 327, Market st, in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 1st day. of
March. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for tbe purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the ¦ meeting. " Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. February 18,
10C2. at 3 o'clock p.~ m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
TEE California Debris Commission. ¦ having
received an application to mine by the hy-.
draulic process from R. A. Pemberton. in
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo, Shasta
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek,
gives nc*»ce that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.,
on March 3. 19O2. at 1 :3O p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
panr.— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st. in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 26th day of
February, W02. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and for the transaction of 6uch other b:ist-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Feb-
ruary 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock m. -
_^ H. XT. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAENY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kll-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
et the office of the company. 327 Market st.
In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11-
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such othsr
business as may come before the meeting;
Transfer books will close en Friday. Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. V?. THOMAS. Secretary.
WANTED. ~
TRAVELING salesman for Wyoming; side line
FARRANT Glove Mfg. Co.. 276-278 Valencia
St.. San Francisco. CaL . . -
ASTROLOGY. "
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor gt
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, -mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale ;partner-
thipe; deeds: wills drawn: no fee unless -suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,818 Market
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.' cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg.,927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free; no feea In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is seUlng Eureka bicycles fast; 6well-
est thing out; -agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds: gold fish." pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; fcird' and animal
food of all kinds. 1546Market st.bet8th & 9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care for 2 or 3 children; home com-
forts; playroom; large sunny yard; -lowest
terms. 1C07 California St.. above Polk; phone.
COUPLE without children wish child. to care
for; reasonable. B. box 3976, Call office.
RELIABLE couple would like to board child;
best of references. 41 Julian ave., nr. 14th.
A LADY would like a child to board; room for
parent If desired. Call at 532 Howard gt
A CHILD wanted to board. Apply 117 Noe
street. ¦ • .
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
school: $S up. 2127 Prince et '
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
K. C. Holmes, 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $750; OYSTER and chop house, surrounded
bjr leading hotels, clearing above (150 per
month and established years. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st -
A — $650; CORNER saloon on choicest part of
Montgomery St.; place' paying; first-class;
good fixtures; large stock. For particular-
sec R. G. WIL.KE. 26% Kearny et.
$850 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen etore;
2 rooms; rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
. worth ets.; a good paying business;- rare
chance for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny et
A — $800; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes st: rent $20; living rooms; good
business. Call R. G. WTLKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $450; RESTAURANT on Fourth St.. close
to Market; rent $30; good paying business;
value in eight Call R. G. ' WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $750: SALOON established years; close to
Kearny and Bush eta. Call R.-G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. ¦ .. ..;
A — $450; COFFEE «aloon and restaurant on
Fourth st; rent $25; dally receipts about
$25; owner to leave for Nevada.' Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle . building; bargain; call
noon. R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny «t
A — SALOON; dose to Market; on Third st ¦
well stocked; good fixtures; 2 yean.' lease :
this Is a bargain. ROHLFS CO.. 41" Third.'
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school -
good corner; $1900. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— STATIONERY store In Mission: 2 living
rooms; this Is an old-established place; will
cell for invoice on stock; best of reason for
selling; $5000. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st
A — STATIONERY store In Western Addition-
fine corner: $1800. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— CALIFORNIA Halrdresslng College?" two
rooms nicely furnished; will stay one week
with buyer. , ROHLFS CO.. 41- Third st
A — HOTEL with ftret-class bar; 57 rooms; cen-
trally located; best buy In the -city $6500
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st -- . ; " f >"
FOR Sale— Saloon on Market gt; transfer cor-'
ner; well stocked. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
tl700— SALOON; best location, city from-
cheap rent: sale only on account of depart-
ure. See LUNDLV. 257 Fourth Bt. toSlay.
$500-^-8 A LOON; beat location between Mont-
f 01 ?^-™^ K^ rn J et8 J T ake cffcr to-day.
J. LLNDIN, 257 Fourth st. ; ,\ •
A— $225; DELICACY store; good trade- 2
nut: rent $15. . STRAND & CO.. 209 Keargy.
A— FOB RENT— Corner cigar 6tore; near Mar-'
ket; rent $15. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A— $50 FOR 2-chalr barber chop: good ioca-
ttoa. Donald Investment Co., S50 Market •
: spmiTUALisM. ' ;
A— C. -V. MILLER,' world's ; famous '•¦materiallz- ;
Ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
" Tues.. Frl.; Sun.'.- S p.m.; 60c- 1084 Bush st.^
. MRS. J. ' J. . WHITNEY, trance. ; bus. medium ;
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
; letter. $2. ¦ 1104 O'Farreir st : Ellis car. <:
. JOHN. SLATER— Circle.' 25; to-night/ 8:15; slt-
i tings 10 to 4. 1809 : Stockton. ; nr.' Greenwich.
' EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; "readings daily;
. phone-Polk 1601; seance, Sunday and' Thura.
' FRIENDSHIP ; Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
' CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M? BERNARd7~ ~~~ r " rr T
THE FAMOUS
• Clalrvoj-ant and business • medium, , permanently
located at 17 Third st, . next Examiner bldgJ
She reads your life correctly. } gives an accurate
1 description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, • discontented, nin-
¦ happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
[ love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them.. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 28c
. up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. ¦
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently, located at 1206 Mar ¦;
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.,, rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
1 anteed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet
' ¦ - with special terms. . Dally, and Sunday. ~^-' \ ¦
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest- Egyptian
1 secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction- to everybody;
; open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ 6th.
; ISMAR.' the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
¦ poslte Sixth; private readings dally, . 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. ¦¦• Sundays from 10 < to 12 a. -m.
A— MISS MV WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; Teads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a, m. to 8 p.' m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
MME. 'WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 MJsslon, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr., 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
50c, -$l— Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
¦ reader;mall orders;stamp for circ. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, • calirvoyant and'
8 P lrtt carA reader; consult me; L. 25c, ,G. 60c.
MRS.' B. Baumann, well-known fortune, teller
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME.-/RAVEXNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET : BEATING - AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted wfth poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. .' 402 ' Sutter St. :
¦tel. Main. 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.;^>rop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beajting-works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. •
| J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency?6th
floor, 916 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
: COTTAGES TO LET.
A — ELEGANT 5- room cottage, 30 minutes' ride
from city; furnished complice. A. M. SPECK
& CO.. 667 Market st
A COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $9. 1 Lombard
st, near Hyde. .
COTTAGE, 3 rooms, newly papered. 703W Har-
rison st (rear): $7.
..^.; - DENTISTS. •¦¦„-. .
A— DR T. srHIG^G^fNsro^^Urket'sXTimma
bpreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other
nnings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns . $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed. $5 up. ,
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless. method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
? h « ai X^S nd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Et .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market cor
4rn. rm. 7,' Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty;gcld
crowns, $3 50 up; plates.extractions free $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays
i 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager'
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st.V cor. Mason
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant* R.C.. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager. -
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break-
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;flllings.50c-
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.'
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new.
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime •
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown; 54 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bunh
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 1 Geary st ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without '¦ plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st -. / ;
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin — Paln-
less ext. 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 11.".5.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School '
Class rates; patterns cut .1019 Market. st..
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM I
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DOG HOSPITALS. .;
DR, CREEL Y'S C. P.' dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.-
' EDUCATIONAL. •'
HEALD' S 's^H^O^C^^TEL^cfRICAlT ENgT
' NEERING —^Theory, demonstration, construc-
tlcn, ' laboratory- and. shop' work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post, st, S.F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, .
spelling, Spanish, etc. ;', experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat ' free.
S, F. BUS. COLLEGE. : 1236 Market st— Big
school because. it's best. Our Gregg short-'
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. ...... ,; : ;
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses;' complete equipment;
. all. subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an :. accredited preparatory
school for the university, law I and medical
; colleges; references, -President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
'A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
ylse their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.;"
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. X;
! FERFECTION«*uaranteed to beginners; college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. ¦ 219 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864.' Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall:
CALIFORNIA Business College', most thorough
modern methods; positions for all. graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. ' 305 Larkin st v
A— THE Leo Cooper School: of Acting has re-
- moved to Native. Sons'. Hall 414 Mason st. : "
PIANO lessons , by ; lady teacher; homes visited
If desired; $3 month. Address box 3906. Call.
KENT Law School; day and night; 554 Parrott
bldg. . (Emporium) ; send for catalogue.
MARY P., WESTHAUS, piano, /mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for, practice. 1 39 Fifth : st",
C. HOFFMAN,' the i European ; j>lanist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. -1017 j Sutter.'
ARITHMETIC.- bookkeeping, grammar,' writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th!
SHORTHAND ! taught by mail I or I personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery; st.
.VIOLIN,; mandolin, guitar." Prof. - MERKI," good
teacher. 1008 Mission ; Instruments selected.'
Chlcago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.- 10th.
-__£toian shorthand, typing, bookkep: ; ¦. $6 < mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S I DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night ¦ class. / ¦ 424 Pine st.J
HEAtD'S Business College. 24 ' Post • st. . S. ; F. ;
; «-. founded ¦ 1863 : r new .80- page . catalogue r free. '¦>:¦
: EMPLOYMENT ' OFFICES. '
A— JAPANESE reliable , hmise-cleanlngT^cooks
- arid. waiters furnished; at" short ;notlce.'< Geo
Kinoghita, 1B33 Page, cor. Lyon ; tel. Fell 8501:
1 CHINESE and ' Japanese , help ; estab 20 years
Tel/ Main 1997.; BRADLEY,& CO..:640 Clay!'
Grand I JapaneserChinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-'
ton; tel. , Grant 1C8; expert, = reliable i help.r-_?sl
nrsiJfKSS CHAXCES— Can«li»nfil. i
, JOSEPH STRAUB.
, ¦;¦ 850 Market st. cor. Stockton. -
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate AEent. ."-•."
Property bought and sold.
• Rents collected. ' • ¦,' .
¦ Loans neeotlatcd.
Legitimate Business
— ; Asent
l /Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above ¦ address.
Bakery in good location, south of Market;
old age and sickness • cause for selling; low
rent; nrice only $900. . . '.
: Hotel In one of the most flourishing Interior
cities: good bar; 30 rooms; 45 beds; steady
boarders; low rent; lease; only $900.
I ' —-Saloon: corner; north of Market: good pay-
Ing place; 6 fine rooms upstairs; rent $60.
. Saloon on principal business street; good
opportunity; lease; rent $100. i
Restaurant: one block from principal the-
aters; large banquet hall , for , weddings and
> parties; rent $60; cheap. . * '
Restaurant; best location In Vallejo; rood-
paying place; cheap; rent $40. . .
Bar and merchants' lunch; in wholesale
1 district; good paying; price $1500.
Restaurant and bakery In the best business
part of the city; this Is- a very good qppor-
tunlty; investigate; price $13.000. .". ¦
THE salmon cannery business Is : the most
profitable business In the -world. I If you do
not know this to be a fact call - uoon our
agent in your city and let him tell you about i
it The Interstate Fisheries . Company . of
Seattle, Wash., Incorporated under the laws j
of that ' State, making its stock fully paid
end absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of its stock to you at 15 cents per
share and say positively to you that the next
block goes at 25 cents. Look Into it at once.
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY. 302-
303 Pacific block, Seattle, Wash., or. branch
office, ERWIN & CO., 1104 Market St., room
3. San Francisco. Cal. >
A — $20 PER week on an Investment of $25 our
weekly average for the past month in our
turf pool has never equaled ; v dividends sent'
weekly; Investments from $10 up taken: cap-
ital withdrawn without notice; particulars
sent free. GROSSCUP & CO.. -1504 Market st.
RESIDENT reDresentatlves -- wanted In all
principal cities to handle a line of building
specialties; applications from, responsible
partlrs desired: state experience and full
particulars. VAN KANNEL REVOLVING
DOOR CO.. New York. . : |
A — *0 CIGAR stands: prices $75 to $1500;
profits ?2 to ?S daily: rents $6 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building,
825 Market st. -'- : -¦ '
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
~ 6 Eddy st, rooms 18 and 19. ¦
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
Etcres. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
Merchandise business near city, sales $3000 mo.
Partnership; established manufactu-Jng bus.
Cor. grocery, delicacy, etc. ; 3 • r. furnished."
Restaurant and chop house, candy store, etc.
CAL. BUSINESS ASSN.. 865^4 Market st.
A — $250; PARTNER wanted : suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a weeic;
no experience required;, trial given before
buying. 25 Geary st. room 4.
WANTED — Business managers of ability for
Consolidated Coal Co., stock sales dept, in '
1 leading cities of California. Address Con-
Bolldatecl Coal Co., Pacific block. Seattle. Wsh.
$200 — GRAND business opportunity foAone or
two. W. B. DENNISON. 783% Market st.
PARTNER with small capital; good paying
: business. 135 Fifth st.
6ALOOJC — A small corner for sale; good stand
Inquire at 143 Fifth st ; no agents.
FOR Sale— Retail hay and grain business; es-
tablished 15 years; splendid retail location on
main thoroughfare; . capital necessary about
$1200. Principals meaning business address
box 3974. CalL
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
¦. tionis the safest and most profitable ever
devised ; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.
. Expert Handlcappers, 113 Stockton st.
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fixt-
ures for sale or rent- opposite railroad depot
in Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL
Paeo Robles. CaL . :
WANTED-^Partner with $500 in good busi-
ness: money can be paid back in one month;
no experience; Jto risks; Investigate. L..
room 218. Emma Spreckels building.
WELL-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for
sale at very reasonable price; I owner other
business. Apply cor. Church and Clipper sts.
ANY one wanting to buy oyster and chophouse
or shooting gallery call and see me; too much
work - for me. 523 Pacific st-- •.*¦: .
$150 — PARTNER In good paying restaurant -
trial given those meaning business. Box 3939.
Call office.
$100 — CIGAR stand; Third st: receipts $6 day:
big snap. BROWN. 1221 Market st
$1000 BUYS the best paying small drug store
In the city; owner leaving. R. 11, 1170 Mkt.
$500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; money-maker. 632 Market st.. room 6.
WANTED — A" lady partner in first-class hotel:
excellent location; $2500. Box 3970. Call.
FOR -sale — Route on this paper in business part
of city. 1830 Market st « .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 101)8
Valencia st • • - . - •¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— ... Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 8 -?:!
"_,',. MONEY TO LOAN. '
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
.All fcr sale on easy terms. * Please call.
$2000 — 15 rooms; two floors; new building; new
furniture; all light rooms; absolutely
clean; the best house In best block; rent
only $100; sold with lease; a bargain.
$1500 — A nicely furnished transient house north'
of Market; clean; up to date; money
maker; nothing better in town of the "
size: to be seen ia to be appreciated;
' no cards given. . .
(1350 — 24 rooms off Market; newly remodeled;
always full; rent only $65; guaranteed
to clear $100 a month (with 3 rooms re-
served) or no sale; a snap; no cards '
given. - -. ¦/.-•• . .
$1500 — A well located, well lighted house in
.Western Addition; good furniture; quiet;
i^ homelike place; filled with desirable peo-
" '. If you want something good see
this; no cards given.
$6000 — A new, splendidly furnished apartment
house clearing $300 a month; the owner
keeps books and- will, substantiate all
claims; a business proposition . for a
business man; this should look good to
you; no cards given.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Call on US ;....
........Any House Sold on Payments...
¦ 18 rooms; near Sutter; clears $125 .$1250
20 '.rooms; clears $125; payments 1000
' 25 rooms; clears $140; only..'. ........... 1350
16 rooms; Eddy st; reduced to. 900 •
5 rooms; flat; bargain.. 200
22 rooms; 3d st; clears $100; payments. 100 !
10 rooms; Jones st corner; only 275
12 rooms; elegant; offer wanted.
24 rooms; Geary st. ; payments.....^...; 2300
¦ • 7 rooms; Bargain; easy terms. ;. 300
68 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only ¦ 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60/ 450 '
13 rooms; very good; rent $50 ; 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. : phone John 531.
- .906 Market st, cor/ Ellis, room 12. -.
WINSTON & WOLF. :
1 1026 Market st. .......1026 Market st
(Photograph Galley Entrance.)
I ¦ ¦ 20 rooms, rent $60; must. sell.'. . .' .$1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location.. 950
26 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter st 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good.'. ..'..... 1400
40 rooms, rent $75; see/this.. .:...:.../.. 1700
We Have Many. More Such Bargains.
A— McDANIEL. 6KIRM & CO., ~~~ "
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
Following only a few of our bargains: -. , .
14 rooms, newly furnished: clears $90; Al
location; on Market st. ; only $1700.
23 rooms;, elegant corner on' Geary; select
roomers^ only: modern building: must' sell.
22 rooms; Howard; rent $52 50; only $800.
Money loaned at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market, et.... (Inc.)... .Phone Davis 281.
- Reliable - dealers in . rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate; :
•We furnish vacant houses and , '.'
Loan money at lowest rates. . ,
Something new every day.
-' . New houses to lease. - - ' ' ' -
A. CAMERON & CO., " ~~~~F~- "^ '
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st - - "
Rooms 21, 22, 23. .. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell. -list' with us; buyers- call; we can suit
you; . have .bargains In ¦ hotels, lodging-houses, '
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city. .,
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market; phone Red 3433. '
Buyers for lodging-houses ; call and see I our '
large list, from $300 to $6000; fair and hon- '
est trade;' sellers list ; your houses with us •
, foriulck sale. • « ' :
25 ROOMS; well furnished; central ¦ location ; •
¦;• worth $3000; good selling reason; price only
I2C00; present owners' future. being assured; .
part cash from responsible party. 3941,*; Call. "
A— NOTICE4-We - have rooming-houses, all -
sizes and prices, Jn all parts of the city; get .
-. our list first, MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market'
FOR Sale-7-Lodglng-houEe; 8 large sunny front -
rooms; -very, desirable home.: 1100 Van Ne s s '<
ave.;. corner. Geary. r '¦-".» . " , • •:
EMPLOYMENT^ OFFICES— Contlnme*
: ; .Japanese and Chinese, best help;, cook, and
¦- 'Waiter. ;: 421 Post. GEO. AOKI ; tel.': Bush 135.
'. JAPANESE, best-domestic,', farming and house-
; cleaning; 628 Stevenson ; • phone : Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment' Of-
nce; all kinds help. = 315 Stockton ;! Main 5183.
JAPANESE :< Intelligence Office — Furnish most
1 _ 1 j^ble ; help.v,524 Bush at.; tel. Bush 516.?<
i Employment : Office— Japanese, Chi-
' vnese-help.i. 426 PoweU,nr.Sutter;teI.Black 5072.
EaiPLOTTMENT,.-;'. WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN-SWISS girl wishes ¦ a position « in a
small family for general housework and cook-
ing; has good reference. ¦< Call Monday after
.: 10 : o clock, C95 McAllister st. ; postals . not
• . accepted., ;\ ; ..:.;. . .-.- . -¦'• ,.'. , .. •._-_*.¦».. •,,.--¦...
AN ; elderly woman, good cook and ' baker, will
- - talie charge of ¦ kitchen and dining-room ;
2 mall ~ wa£ >h;r thoroughly ; competent; s wages
$3 50 ¦ per ; week.;. 511 ¦: Bryant; st. : ¦ : . . -' . : ••'. >
GOOD. : willing • woman; r - a great ' housecleaner.
can do most any kind of work; goodref-
enences ; - wages : $1- . day - and ' car. fare ; • good
washer of flannels. / 728 Howard St., room 4.
AMERICAN- young woman desires position -; to
do cooking and housework ; ¦ city or country.
- ; 212 Grove st. ;ln -, basement. : , ' '. ' "'. .':¦ .¦'
RELIABLE girl wishes situation to do general
, .'; housework and : cooking. .Address 69 Ivy ave.
POSITION," -wanted : by- Danish girl;/ can ¦ do
. chamberwork ;, a good sewer, hairdresser and
' manicure; j- American . family : preferred; > no
cards. \2130 Dwlght way, Berkeley. .:
A YOUNG refined German lady is looking for
a place . as housekeeper - for a gentleman's
. family. MISS A. RADOSZEWSKI. 697 Syca-
¦ more «t.. Oakland. •-..¦¦. ' v ,': ¦ : ¦ ¦ -' ¦
GOOD i dressmaker desires work by •; the .day;
, also " take sewing 4 home. V; Please call f at -2
. Milea court, oft California St., : near ¦ Powell.'
"WANTED— Middle-aged woman, i unlncum-
¦ * bered, to take charge , of house and care for
"child 6 years old; wages $10 per month; Eng-
,;, lleh or Scotch ; preferred. , . Box 4006, Call. ; .. ;
BRIGHT, respectable lady of • neat appearance
and business ability with $500 to Join middle-
aged, gentleman of: means; object, to start a
business. ¦ 519. Jones st., corner Geary, city.
-WANTED— Situation as companion or house-
• keeper; to elderly lady by -widow with daugh-
ter 10 years old. Box 3684, Call office. - v
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the da/
washing/ironing and housecleaning. : 585
'¦. Seventh-, st. . ¦.: ; ; . . .. . .' . .-..- y ;-- rX '&>-;•¦
EXPERIENCED young lady wants position in
¦¦! stationery or art store. 108^ Hayes st. : ;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
K«t— 200 rooms; 25c to $l ; 50 per night: $l"50
to ; ?6 'week : j convenient and respectable ; free
pus and baggage to and from ferry. £ • , f. ,4
'CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received;at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
_ subscriptions, has , been established at : 1006
Valencia ' st. .' :' '. v ¦/.,''¦../-.
¦ EMPLO YMENT AVABTTED— M ALeT"":
— ¦"' : ' : .-'!v-. ¦'.'¦' .- ..¦- vV:: — r~~ — i — ~
CHINESE first-class cook wants position In a
high family, city or country; first-class ref-
erences. Address 400 Duponf st. ; telephone
• John 1051;- 10, to 12 a. m. and 3 to. 4 p.m.
MAN' wants employment' : who understands
horses, raising of poultry; can. milk; at pres-
ent employed; good : city references. •- Box
3092. Call office. . ,
STOUT young man -wants work of any kind;
good references. Address W. M., box' 3903,
Call office. ,. . ; .
JAPANESE wants position to do work of any
• kind between 5 and 9 p. m. SME, 3S-40 Third.
WANTED— A . position , in a commission j or
wholesale, house; am not afraid of hard
work; understand bookkeeping: would 'begin
at the bottom if there was a chance to work
up. ..- Box 3970. - Call . office. : >¦:<•¦ '¦
INSTALLMENT - houses— Experienced man In
portieres," etc., ¦ wishes position aa
- salesman; and stock clerk. combined; best of
references; at present employed; could assist
•In purchasing, etc. Address box 3040, Call.
YOUNG man'Justout from, school would, like
position in 'a. -lawyer' s office; has knowledge
of bookkeeping and stenography. Box 3920,
Call office. -
EXPERT stenographer, typist, accountant,
gives two hours' service daily in exchange for
' comfortable : bedroom and breakfast. •' Box
74b-2, Call office. ' ¦„.
YOUNG man who is desirous of learning elec-
trical, and. civil engineering would like posi-
tion with some good establishment. ' Box
3690, Call office.-'- ;• ."* , i >
FIRST-CLASS ; flange turner and general boil-
ermaker wishes situation out of San Fran-
cisco; cood reference and is now working.
.Apply Steady Work. 600 Kearny st. ; ¦ -. v .' - in
GARDENING .and general work ;}¦' position
wanted- by'.competent.,young man;/good Tef-
erences." Address box; 3933,. Call, office. ; ;
WANTED— By a professional nurse, a posi-
tion to care f6r invalid or sick person. Box
3978, Call office. .. . .
I WANT ' to take charse • of country | property
C|for non-resident owners. Box 39S2/ Call. •¦-:¦¦
A SOBER, , steady young colored man. wants a
place as dishwasher or work about place.
. W. W.. 174 Jessie st. ; .
HEAD gardener wishes place; understands for-
eign horticulture.' etc. ; florist: have best of
references. Box. 4005, Call office. - ,¦¦¦¦ ; ..;¦'¦ '.¦¦-¦_-.
SITUATIONS wanted by German man and
wife; would like a place in country hotel.
Address box 3987. . Call office. .-V:: "
SHIRT- cutter with experience in stock , and
custom' wishes situation; -no particular loca-
tlon. Box 4010, Call: ¦
POSITION as porter, wrapper or assistant
' packer by , March 1. Address N.; LINTON.
435}$ Minna st. . , ' • ». ¦:
EXPERIENCED invalids' i nurse wants posi-
tion; reasonable: good reference.- 810 Tele-
graph ave., Oakland. .. v ••
SITUATION wanted by colored man as porter
or. Janitor.; J. CARR, , 417 Kearny st. - : - j ,-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at 1096
"Valencia : st. ¦: :.--¦ "• . ;--.. - ¦ ¦ .., ¦ . -.
i ' . '- - ' ¦ ¦ '" ~~~~
$500,000 BONDS' (denominations! $25, $50, $100
$500, $1000) for sale; bids for. our "30-year 5
per. cent gold bonds will be received till
March 1,/ 1902; purchases price payable 60
, • days after our Telephone Exchange •' is in
actual > operation ¦ in j San ¦ Francisco ? with at
; least' 6000 - telephones . in * use/' " No s bids for
less than 90 per cent : will be considered. •-
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL < TELEPHONE COM-
PANY, . . .- • ... •-, • 206,Sansome;Bt. -¦¦¦;.
COMPANIES incorporated.' promoted, ~ guaran-
teed -and ; financed; stock taken in 1 payment
' for services ; good propositions wanted;, gold
•-. bonds. furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
• AND ¦¦' INVESTMENT :CO., N .?U. •• S. ' licensed
stock brokers, 32G Post st. , : . ;¦.;.¦:
PACIFIC Underwriting &. Trust. Co. (Inc.)— We
- have ; 42 offices in . operation; new method of
placing ; stocks and . bonds ; companies - incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. : Call
: or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
'. '•¦¦FlATS'TO;LBT."ii i .'. •;'.'•-¦'
Washington! - 3049^-Finest . flat in the city;
recently renovated throughout. Apply MADI-
;'- SON.& BURKE.:.' --¦'•¦;:¦.¦¦;'.-¦ •,"'^-.'. ;r.;;vy ,-,:-.-
A— SEE A. ; M. 1 , SPECK & CO., 667 Market- St..
for swell new flats, facing Golden Gate Park.
A— MARINE view; .new; * 2922 ;, Pacific - ' av©. ;
:¦ -, sunny side; swell location; 8 rooms and bath.
A— SWELL . new ! flats. 5 i to 8 . rooms. Just fln-
lshed. 509 : 529 ' Frederick ; St.', ; near ; Stanyan.
A— 2922 PACIFIC ave. ; view of Golden Gate; S
: ' rooms, bath ; brand ¦ new. '- ' \ '¦', ¦¦ .*• >; '.
UPPER 'flat, 3 rooms; newly papered; $9. 659
Jessie Bt., above Seventh." - -
$12^-4-ROOM flat,'- rear * 663 Geary at. ; furnl-
ture of same for sale.'- • ' - -.-.'•'¦ v ¦ \
:_.. FLATS TO ; LET r -FUBNISHBD.^
ADULTS only; sunny : choice partly furnished
- flat. . 975 Golden -Gate > ave. c - ';
; FLATS :.' FOR"SALE--^FUR.NISHEI>. i g
NICELY /furnished sunny. 8-room^ flat for. sale.
-.'324^EUla-st ¦¦'¦.¦¦_¦.-:¦/,¦;.... .. -vy."; .'-,.¦-,-
FURNITURE FOR. SALE3. '.'
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60/: with No.* 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 ¦¦ Market.
6 ROOMS; ; all -rented; nicely r furnished corner
¦ house ; 2 : bicycles with ; brake., 874 1 Howard.
. FURNITURE r-WANTED.
"A. ; . WOLLPERT.' 773 : Mission" st:; pays highest
price for second-hand furniture;, tel. Red 1354.
GIiOVBS ;^,^ :/; r^^ ;
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in'thTworid;
.: warranted;:kept:lnrepalr.?.121-.Grant ave.
. J--;:P E1L ' P WANTED- -FEMALE.. -
WANTED-^A*. woman to i assume i entire I control
of b. business' branch; one accustomed. to flll-
. ing a responsible position.. Box 3937.!;Call.^
WELL- VERSED, good appearing woman -for a
t position - of >. trust and . enterprise. ' - Box 3931;
"¦;¦ Call-office. ir- -.-1 >-•;•• ?..-/ ,J:--'-;;-r-r-'-m"' \%v -'<¦ * .-'-?'•» '-
GIRLS to, learn ; glove-making;. good opportun-
,vMty;H ; Carson Glove Co.;^ 35, Market; st. ¦_:,
EXPERIENCED :t operators .s oni ladies' .n waists
" and ¦. hand : sewers. -.-•* HOFFMAN, ; 723 1 Market.
HELP WAITED—MALE— Con'. '
THE Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company ia
ready to contract with desirable men to intro-
duce their New Intermediate Policy through-
out the Pacific Coast; liberal contract and
good - territory Apply Intermediate Depart-
ment, Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Co., Pa-
- clfic Mutual - bldg.; r° cor. Sacramento Sc Mont
WANTED — Recruits for. the marine corps, U.
r- S. - navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. character, between. the ages of 21 and 35; not
. less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to "speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Men ' to learn barber - trade ; , eight
.weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue ' mailed free: discount this month.
; Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers . and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln." Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
-rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS.* & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Good wood carver: state wages.
Write Salinas Planing Mill. Salinas, Cal.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or. write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new'and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 6th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men. to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 863 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d «ta.
ALL size men's shoes. ' slightly damaged, half
- price. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading, rooms;
free 'bus and .baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
y received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A' BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia sf. .
_ HORSES " AJfD WApOIfS. ¦ '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons.
' harness, etc.: auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR Sale — Gentle, stylish riding horse 14#
hands, dark color; also gentle riding and
driving Indian pony; cheap. Santa Clara
Stebles. 164 Golden Gate ave. , ¦ .
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market st, corner Eleventh. .
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR sale— 1375 Eddy st; stylish single-footing
saddle horse. '
t • HOUSES TO : I^iST.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
MISSION,. 2723 — House of 7 sunny rooms; new
plumbing; large basement and yard.
HYGIEiMC HA _ IR _ T ?_ EA /TI«E:ET. ¦
LADIES and gentlemen. * this Interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 30. 139 Post st. Llebes building.
. LOFT WANTED.
BUILDING, loft or room, with water power
and steam for laundry. Box 3924, Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Black beaded chatelaine bag. between
Leavenworth st. and Oakland ferry; reward.
Address MRS. L.' W. MOORE, Hotel Stewart.
479 Ellis St.. city. .'
LOST — At Pioneers' Hall, Feb. 1, handsome
lace- handkerchief. Liberal reward if re-
turned to MR. SPEAR. Sec. Pioneers' Ass'n.
LOST — Ladies' gold watch ;' name in case; lib-
eral reward. Return 521 Oak st.
LOST— Mink cape on Stelner st. Return to 130
Steiner st; reward. > ... •
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to - marry - wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.-
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
*t.: tel. Bush 421. .
'medical.-.'' "¦¦¦"', :.V.-":'--
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
- relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
j cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
¦ ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes . of " female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in . both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 .to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate. of Royal Univer-
sity. Berlin, midwifery cases: takes ladies
before and during confinement; best care:
confinement $15; rm.. board. $5 wk. ; infants
adopted: will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. 606 Guerrero. . nr. 18th: tel. BIus 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles* specialist;
. 30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed;, home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell gt
FREE Museum of Anatomy; 9 tod; free medi-
cal lecture, 8 p. m. daily: one door from Hall
of Justice. DR. . LANDERS & CO.. 714
Kearny st -
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
• at the old office. 122S Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladles' physician;
. private" home for. confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.: now 112 Mason.
MRS. D. \ GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
' ternity Home. 906. Market st. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES" original
method of treatment:. maternity home: home
In confinement 1126 Market -sti S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
. specialist ; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees. -
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square:- all dltea^s ¦ cured by herbs.-
MIXES ASP :MI>'KG.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
t . F.: branch office. Nfime. Alaska, season 1902.
MINING AND ASSAYING.^, ~
FOR sale— Property -of the Live Oak Consoll-
/ -: dated Gold Mining Company, situated In Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 2
: patented claims. • 8-stamp - quarts mill, ditch
. and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
. experience • of • mining by owners: mine open
".. for Inspection. ' Further particulars from A.
'MEISTER.. Sacramento. CaL ~ ¦ :
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. M>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
4-INCH centrifugal pump, with gasoline
engine, all complete. ....r.'. .......... .$200
¦ 8.H..P. gasoline engine.'........'........ 150
8 H. P. Scotch marine boiler. ........... 100
15-inch engine lathe, complete. 150
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
. etc. j WHITELAW. j 253-255 Spear st.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust; condi-
tion and. quality finest; cost originally $250.
¦¦ for $90 cash; a beauty. , Box 3943. Call office.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
.and poor tables; easy 'terms or rented. .The
Brunswlck-Balke-poUender Co.. 652 Mission.
A^-$3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters,' 330 Kearny st." near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress -pants. $2 75. MISFIT
•-. CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c; paperhanglng, paint-
Ulng. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes at low
• figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER/ 110 Montg'y.
NEW * Home * and ! Domestic ', sewing • machine-
good order; complete; cheap.- . 1915 Mission.'
BOATS, launches, ' rowboats carried In stock
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. ¦ J. E. -' DOAK. ; 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinerv
J.I BURKE. 139 Beale st. . ' **'
SAFES^ — New and second i hand. THE hpp.
MAN SAFE CO.: 417-423 Sacramento st f
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
- bought, sold. : Krogh ; Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson!
MAGIC lanterns, : new and 2d-hand Aovlne nlr-
- tures. BULLARD & BRECKT^rpost st
•/. MISCELLANEOUS , "WANTS?"
WILL "pay cash and : good prices for old seal-
sklns. Address ; at - once, will call , anvwh?i-»
within 25 miles of. city, -'box 32fl,CaU office
BIG prices paid I for sealskin coats; also gents'
. full dress and ' Tuxedo suits ••¦ Portland rSalv
Office, 25 Stockton st; phone Bulhf484^
TI *^ TO .^i want » Rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th«t: t«L J«ui« 2ML
J MOXEY TO jL-OAX. '
i HERMAN . MURJ?H Y. COS Examiner building.
'..."..;.. fi.SOO.UW at loweat ratej ........
on first and second mortgages ......
I Life interests in estates ...«....„
....... Property belns held in trust ...:.-.«,
.... Undivided interests in real estate ...«,
..Life Insurance policies, estates In probat»..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
if You Need Money
I SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. tine).
f 300.000 at 5% ft 6 per cent in sums to suit;
VCity, Oakland. Town and Country property;
' t econd mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
; . terests In real estate and legacies: will pur-
; chase above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
, HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
, ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and' third mortgages......-...*
1 Undivided Interest in real estate in. probate..,
j Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhera
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3 ........
MONEY TO LOAN. '. "~ "
$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates.........
....:. .1st, 2nd and '3rd Mortgages
undivided Interest In estates. Insurance poll-
1 ...... cies. furniture or anything else
PACIFIC LOAN CO.. 646 Market st.
, ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in 'pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
! Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
¦ cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 181
1st floor. Chronicle bis. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
' — , '¦
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. nett
1 Geary sf. phone Red 1603. -
HIGHLY resneotable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Je-welry. »t ¦
; l« we »- rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store, W«
, Market «t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Thirl.
, A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
tUr f- P**" 031 no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
¦ ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room 613.
ANY amount, loweit rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal confidential.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery st.opp. Lick House.
ON ' furniture, pianos; no removal: money
Quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker—
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones. '
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on eactk
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. X.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 1$, 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc.. 431 California.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bids'.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $13 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
O.. salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dU-
counted. . TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister ; rt.
IF you want a home I win loan you money to
bny It A. E..RUDELL. 222 Sansonie gt.
ON -salaries without indorser: other propost-
tlona. 8»-F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monev on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bid?.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
united States or Canada one year for $1*
postaee paid. . .
_^_^MBSICAL BiSTRUJIESTS. ~
A" Factory Prices— We are cutting prices be-
cause our new building and hall will not b*
finished as guaranteed by contractors. Xv"e
¦will have no room for stock for two weeks.
100 pianos of all different makes must b« j
rented. • stored, sold or shipped. .We also
wish to show you how cheap a cheap piano
can be sold — new rlanoa torch as are sold
as bargains from ?1S5 to $275. we will sell
at J98. To give you a real piano bargain
we have ¦ some In all makes, slightly used,
from $25 to $350. *n = r*
HEINE PIANO CO..
¦ Geary st, opp. Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most -rellabl*
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos fnr $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and 'Sutter 3ta.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of good reliable pianos that w»
are going to offer at very reasonable prices
has just been received; no one can afford to
, buy a piano elsewhere If the best 'piano for
the money ia wanted. Wissner, Decker and
Baumeister pianos in all styles sold on pay-
ments if desired. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st; V." '
BYRON 308-310-3i2 POST ST.
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy. Lester. Splelmann.
Hamilton pianos; Ceciltan Piano Player, best
| In the market; fine large room for storing
; pianos, $1 per month; pianos to rent. $2 per
j month up; new pianos from $175 up; every-
! thing warranted to be as represented.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— " .
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up. "'
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new uprtgat
pianos from $175 up. BEN J. CURTAZ A
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Mason
A Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos/.
ANY piano sold by us taken back aay tim»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. - at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER Sc CHASE, 30 O'Farreil
, st; established 1850.
A FINE large upright. $130; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
in use only a few months. $275; new piano*
to rent $3 60; squares. $1 50 and $2: Beck-
jteln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
EON. 23 5th st. agtg for Ivers & Pond piano*.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos: now for sala at any
reasonable offer to raise money;' they must
go; easy payments; other storage uprights tin
up.. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market «t
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PD2RCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allea
Co.. 931 Market st . .
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, - nearly '
, new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. IB McAllister.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood blr.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market^
Shoninger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up-
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1729 MlssnT
STILL renting new pianos, $3 , per month.
• SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer, 2 La than . place. '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha .
Unlt«»d State* or Canada one year for SI-
OFFICES AXX> STORKS TO LET.
»€TORE for rent in Napa— The large stor»
fronting on both Main and Brown streets;
the best located stors in Napa; now occupied
by Thompson. Beard & Sons; k will be for '
rent on 15th March. Address W. W. ;
THOMPSON. Napa. Cal.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg. 927 Market st. ; of-
flees with light, heat and Janitor, $15 to $20.
ASHTON & CARDINER. ' ,
A FINE office ; . room or i portion of - lot t-- • for
manufacturing purposes. Inquire * fourth
floor. 144 Union Square ave. ... * : oi,'
LARGE stable and loft. 1615 Folsom sf bet I
Twelfth and Thirteenth; $15. ' %-*•
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st: $10-
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st. room l.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing: $lner year.
;;_/., '_'..-¦ .oil. ,; . - . .
OIL • tank3, second hand, "in good order- all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
AXD JECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up ; whltenlni'&trntlnTdoner
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel.Red352l!
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
sonable. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
palmistry; ~ "~
M ?-> s - Si f, EA T R h CE ;- sc i entlnc p^isTTp^io«
12 and 13. The \endome. 1104 . Market sf
hours from ft a. nx to 10 p. m. ~* Ilvcl ""-• :
CHIROLOGICAL College. Branch 2— Tharaot»il
McMA^ d -?f^ 1St^ ta^ ht - ar WMf
McMANUS.. 731 Guerrero; phone Church 30S3.
MME. G..L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4 700
Post st. corner of J onea: phone.Polk 837.
H - T> J ™f vr° S o ELLI -" scientific palmist. M 5
Taylor at. b»t .G»arv and Post; tM. Black !WT.
_ «« y siciax^ AXD SURGEOXS%
ftiif?- t»1 en -' a J} d women treated success-
FORDF^ F >T«V£.' me(llcines myself- DR. ¦
FORDEN; No., 6 Turk st., corner Mason. .
lad y Phyiclan anfo
surgeon, at 1122 Market st: hours 10 to 9, /<\fc,
'.. HELP ' WASTED- -FEMALE— Con. '
i MRS. M..E.-DAT& CO /:;;.'. Phone Main 1575
....;;... ".HOTEL, DEPARTMENT i... ......
¦ ...Working, housekeeper, commercial hotel,"' $30;
¦_ ¦ '¦' 6 i waitresses,- jiew hotel, •- city, $25; 6 wait-
resses,' :• Southern California, ; $20; : 12 • . other
' ¦ waitresses, city and country ;'4 chambermaids
: '-toi.walt,' $20; -3 chambermaids. ' south, \ $20.
.\ ' FAMILY ¦ DEPARTMENT s ....'....
' 3 cooks, $30 - and - $35 ; 0 housegirls, - $25 and
1 .$30; 2 second 'girls, city,$20 and $25; parlor
> 'maid and waitress, $20;: 6 housegirls,' private
' -; families, country, $20 and $25. ¦'¦ -
• MRS, r M. E. ,' DAY & CO ..;... 335 Geary «t.
"WORKING housekeeper for 2 gentlemen, coun-
try, $30, i fare . paid. MRS. M. E. DAY &
¦ CO.,' 335 Geary sty:', i ¦¦¦- -,.- .' .-V
OPERATORS at Levl. Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, ". 32% - Fremcnt ; at. : :• no., experience
necessary;- good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
.WANTED— ; A young girl' to' assist with grown
children and upstairs work; French preferred.
1 Call or. apply, 1212 Masonic ave., near Haight.
WANTED— A' refined young I girl I to assist : up-
¦ stairs ; - 2 * children ; . German preferred. 2930
-Sacramento "st.,;: corner.; Broderick.''. .-•• V-, ;
WANTED— Good tailoress on vests, $12 per
•¦* week ; ¦ steady work. . BERLIN, B04 Eddy st.
OPERATORS on waiter "'.coats : and aprons;
--V power; : steady work. - 123 Pine at. *- , - ;-
FIRST-CLASS pants -finisher. CHARLES
'BASCH. 724% Market at. room 13. . -
GIRL to cook; private family; $20 to $25. 1198
; Ellis st. ¦ -... ; -, ; ¦ ... , ¦- .- - . ..; -
GIRL for housework and plain cooking in Ger-
man family of 2.- 1444 O'Farrell St. : .
WjVNTED— Waitress.' 1700 Devlsadero.it ;
GERMAN girl, second work; good sewer. Call
2110 California st. ¦¦¦ • . . ¦'.; .'.>.•
WANTED— -Two experienced waitresses. Ap-
. ply 20 Third at. -¦¦ N ¦-':.•:..* w- ¦
RESPECTABLE girl wanted for general house-
: work; good wages. 1112 Ellis st..' before 12.
RELIABLE woman for housework and cooking
'•;for.4; no washing. .no windows; Sunday after-
¦ noon and evenings off; $18 per month. -Apply
between * 11 . and 1. 301 Jones st. j -.¦¦¦.
GIRL to do light housework in Alameda; from
J country preferred; two in family; good home;
.•¦ references; .wages $10 per month. - Box 3929.
Call office.; , v " j:.;j.v; y ,
WANTED— A '.. young woman who is compe-
" j tent to cook and . do general housework. Call
Monday .between 1 and 5 p. m. at 13-15 Mc-
Allister st. :--..-./:. ;,: . .-¦¦¦
GIRLS learn - halrdressing, manicuring, mas-
. sage, " hairwork from A . to Z in 2 weeks'
¦ course, $5;: must fill 5 positions within 2
i." weeks; day and eve class. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
COMPETENT * lady ' to supervise a household
: where servants are kept. - Address - box 3927,
Call office. '
WANTED— An experienced ; tucker; steady
work. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
PRESSER. on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. ;
WANTED— Machine - operators at Busby's
. Glove Factory, 207-209 Sacramento st. :
APPRENTICE with kittle experience for mll-
linery; pay while learning. 130 Sixth at.
GOOD pants finisher; wages $9-$10. ' 1000 Har-
, * rlson st., corner Sixth.. . ¦ <,
BODY lroners, $10 per week. United States
Laundry. Sixteenth and .Valencia sts.' '-'-Z ¦¦
A GERMAN woman as governess: state • re-
ligion; salary $30. Box 2994. Call. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
•. received st Call branch office. 220O Killmore.
HELP WANTRT>— >IALE. ~~~
MURRATT & READY. . .; . . . .Phone Main 5s4J>
Lead'ng Employment and Labor Agents.
634-636 Cay st.
. ¦ -.': ¦ Office open 7 a. m. Monday.
2 machinists, country job...; — ...$3 50 day
8 furnace men, quicksilver mine .."...$75
fl slack coopers, see boss here.. $35 and found
% 5 laborers, $fi0; 4 teamsters, $2 day; 8 farm
hands ; - 3 ; milkers ; 4 choremen ; 2 choreboys ;
4 prunera, orchard. $30 and found.
WOODCHOPBERS
- .... ... . - WOODCHOPPERS .........
45 woodchoppers to chop cord wood in a new
... camp, virgin timber, -level ground, big wages
• can be, made on' the job; work will last-two
¦ " years; cheap railroad fare; prices:
..Redwood. 80c .....
.....Pine, $1 25 per cord. ...........
......... Oak. $1 50 per .cord. .. ..
30 tiemakers.'. ..10c to 16c each
----.. ¦ : :,.-•.
3 cooks, 4 waiters, 14 kitchen hands," baker,
etc., etc. , ¦
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. -
A — LAUNDRYMAN, and-two assistants, for
hand •• laundry, "country ¦ hotel, $30 arid- $20.
;. C. R. HANSEN ,.fe CO.. 104 Geary St. :
,A — -QUARRY | foreman who - thoroughly , under-
1 stands plug and feather.work and handling
powder, . country, $3 60 a day, free fare. C.
; : R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . . . V,
3 CAR -builders. $3 to $3 50 day; blacksmith
- for country, $45 ¦ and found ; 3 farmers and
¦ wives, $25. $35 and $40 and. found; 2 Italian
- farmers, - $1- day and board; German or
1 Scandinavian ' man about place. $30 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT: & CO.,
. 628 ¦ Sacramento st. , •
BUTLER.' $35 and found; hotel cook, country,
$45; cook for men, $45; restaurant baker, $10
>week; hotel -waiter; waiter and bedmaker. $25
and found ; waiter and porter for institution,
$25 and found; and others. J. F. CROSETi"
& CO., 628 Sacramento sL • j -
ANDRE'S Office, 316 - Stockton st. — Scandl-
¦ : navian gardener, $30; man' for private place,
I $20;. elderly, man to keep books, small wages
and found; waiter, $35; cook, $-15; dishwash-
er, $20, etc. .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waiter," $30, country. . ;
MASTER Barbers — All barber shops close Feb.
.22 (Washington's . birthday), at 12 o'clock
.noon; keep open until H p. m. day previous.
WANTED — First-class man In Oakland to pre-
sent a business proposition to business peo-
ple with money; no books, oil stock or in-
surance, but a . sound proposition that Is a
money-maker; extraordinary opportunity for
' rustlers. Address box 3644, Call office. Oak-
..land. *-z ¦ . ¦ ¦ •
FREE scholarships for next '30 days bookkeep-
ing, 'illustrating, adwriting. Journalism, sten-
ography,^proofreading; mention course you
"wish to study. Correspondence Institute of
\ America,- B260. ¦ Scranton. Pa. :' -'¦¦¦»-'
WANTED — Pants and! vest maker to go to
country. Call DETMER WOOLEN CO., C43
.. Market st. -¦/: . -. » ', ¦¦ ..-
WANTED — A reliable German driver for bak-
.. ery. wagon; must ; have experience ;• good
wages/--lll Larkln st. ,.' . -, . .: V
WANTED — Honest, reliable man \ as partner;
No. 1 cash -business; $200 per month; $150 re-
. quire* ; See J. LUNDIN. 257 Fourth st. >
EASY chance to make money; best proposl-
, tion • on - the - market ; $2 to $10 • easily « earned
dally; Investigate.: 093 Market st., room 1. ¦-
WANTED— Steady man with $125 cash; per-
manent place ; . light work ; will pay $65 per
month. ;• Apply .765 Market st., room 3. - .-
BARBERS— Good hotel shop in mining town of
50O0; a bargain; must be sold to-day. DECK-
IELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st. - v
YOUNG ; barber, ¦' good •' shaver, 13 months' 5 ex-
perience, ".wants situation, city or Oakland;
wages $6 weekly.: Box 3993, Call office, j.;:-
CUTTER.V experienced with : popular priced
..tailoring trade. Tailor, box 3991, J Call.* ;
CLEANER, understanding , pressing, for Olym-
¦ pla Clothing ¦ Renovatory, 532 Sutter : et.T
WANTEjD—- A" union ' barber; ; young I man pre-
• ferred. . Corner, Thirtieth st. and San Jose ave.
WANTED-^Experlenced V; neat waiter. * 1507
V- Market' St., -near Eleventh. '.
'K MAN I cook 'wanted. ; 822 Main «t.
GOOD - ; union - barber wanted ; > short • hour ' job.
: 1743 Market st. r..: '; ; '- ¦
WANTED-7-A dishwasher at 1506 Kentuck st.,
¦/Potrero. "¦'- '.:.'¦/ . - -¦ '; ". ., : ' .
GOOD cook wanted. ¦ People' s Restaurant. ¦ 031
,..' Clay St.-^ . ..'-, -.-'. -:.:-.-.-:,.:¦ ¦¦¦¦..¦ .-'; .'..-. ¦
BARBER shop/ two chairs,* in desirable local-
; lty,; cheap. : STOLTZ. 723 Market st. \ - m
4-CHAIR - 25c -. shop for , sale. DECKELMAN
>; BROS. ; ; - : ;
WANTED — A' good ¦ male ¦ clerk ; ¦ familiar with
• bazaar business -> preferred ; ; must ¦¦ come • well
: recommended. 'Address by mail A.' SCHLUE-
TER &; CO..; Oakland. ,, •-..-,;
WANTED— Honest man 'with $250 ; : tend cash,
V restaurant ; i $50 month : and board ; no experl-
r : ence; -snap;, come quick. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.
¦WANTED-^A" young man for bookkeeper; must
have had experienceAwrlte : a good hand, ac-
- curate . at ; figures and be able 'to furnish good
i references, v Address, y stating references, sal-
:'; ¦ ary ! expected, ;*box 3054,': Call' office..'" r *«*»
MEN. to learn barber trade; barbers 1A demand;
, only - requires - 8 ¦- weeks ; • tools . donated ; • cata-
logue free. K MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
; : '635 Clay;«t^V- : ":'.-;--;.' .- .--- • - -¦ ¦ ¦
FOR , sale— Newly w furnished • 4-chalr . barber
shop ; • finest ¦ fixtures ; 'best f location ; i rent ¦ only
; ¦ $20 ; -. must sell ; on account T of ' leaving i city ;
; . only : $800.' • .Address . t>ox 3967. : Call of flee. ¦:
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply, between? 8 and. 11 a. m. ; at'*HALE
.-BROS. 1 ' ! v ';'¦ '.,-;' : - ''¦-.'. ':¦'. ¦¦'. .: . , " .-..:¦..-.
WANTED^-Experienced * dress | goods salesman.
* Apply ' 8 and 11 • a,, tn. at ' HALE
.BROS.'-.-- ..->;•-¦-.'¦."- . . -.¦..¦'.'¦ t-,.:-v ...-. '
YOUNG man, about ¦ 18 to 20," who has had ex-
;, perience ; in i office -,work,% for i shipping ' clerk;
/ state age, experience, ; etc . Box ¦ 3974, j Call.
$150 BUYS half-Interest in brokerage and com.
. ' mission business." Stanton & Lillis, 777 Va Mkt.'tosailJ
~" C120th Meridian— Paciflc -Time.) 1 ; ¦' ;/: ;:
SAN FRANCISCO, j Feb.- 16— 5 p. m.
. The following are - the' seasonal rainfalls : . to
date,, as compared' with those of same' date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather': Report.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE-— The i high V and -low; waters fbccur-'at
the city .: front ;;* (Mission-street V^wharf ) : '•¦ about
twenty-fl vo \ minutes '; later ; than - at . Fort' Point ;
the height of tide Is the same 'at both 1 places.
thority, of i the i Superintendent.
United, States;. Coast and". Geodetic '- Survey—
: , ; Times ? : and "¦ Heights '7of ; High / and ; ; Low
Waters '. at 1 Fort ', Point; "entrance \ to; Sari
Francisco Bay." ; Published ; by offlcialVau-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
A storm of considerable energy, has appeared
off ,, the-. Washington coast during the day and
is moving • rapidly • southeastward. ; Rain has
fallen alone the t California' : coast ' from • San
Francisco northward and over the;western'por
tions . of ¦ Washington ' and * Oregon. - • , --^.-.v .f,
'-:• The", pressure • has « fallen ? rapidly ¦ over -the
entire ' Pacific slope, : and ' there are indications
that the storm .will extend Into Southern Cali
fornia by Monday night. -'-•¦'-¦¦ .:'¦,; : "
: The * temperature : has ¦ fallen along the • im
mediate coast north of San .Francisco and risen
in other portions of the Paciflc slope.' ' '•»--. v
- High southerly winds occurred in the-vicin
ity -of ; San 1 Francisco Bay. and in -. the Sacra
mento Valley. '.'¦' •' -;''.¦.¦'.'; '
¦. Forecast " made * at San Francisco ¦ for .thirty
hours, ending i' midnight ¦ February -17:
•¦ ¦ Northern \ Callfornia-^Raln* Monday;. .brisk • to
high' southerly wind. '-'-- ¦•,".•-¦
Southern California— Cloudy ¦ Monday,'. ; prob
ably; rain ; fresh > to ! brisk : southerly, winds. :. "
'-'• i Nevada— Rain Monday !' brink southerly wind.'
¦ San, Francisco I and ,;.vlcinity— Rain
brisk to high "southerly wlnd/x- •: ¦ • ;- •-
G.H. WILLSON,' Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature 'at • 7 a. m., 54 degrees,
MONDAY.' FEBRUARY^ 17."
.:...:. .....6:57
Sun rises ;'; '.". .'.".".'. • .'..'•'.". •".'. . . . . i. . . ;*:V.'V; .6:57
Sun 5 sets ; ; .'.'.'. . .'. . .... . .". ;...".. ... .". .........5:50
Moon .sets.'. ..................... ...2:44 a.m.
0. Time "'•', ITime ¦ -' Time ¦< , Time , . .
» Ft. I Ft.' --—-Ft' Fc \
• •¦ i l .w :; ~j ih w .-:; ltv[. ;• [h ;w •
if 0:11 < 2.9 6:29 \] 6.3 1:44 O.l' 8:53 "4.2
18- 1:22 '2.9 7:38 ,5.4 2:40—0.2 9:44 * 4.5
19 2:24 ,2.9 J8.-41 .- .'•¦6.« 3:20—0.4 10:28 4.8
20 3:20 :O:88 ; 5.7 1 4:14 —0.4 11:10 B.I
21 .4:11 "2.3 10:31 r, 6.7 ,'4:56^-0.3 11:48 5.3
22: 5:00 2.0 11:22 V6.6 6:36 .0.0 ..:.. ;];;<<
v-t H,W -;¦ ¦;. LiW ,v- H.W -[.>:¦- L '¦ W ;'¦ .
23 0:25 -5.4 ;5:50 .;1.7 12:10 ,5.4 !6:1(5 ''o^ %
24^ ,1:00 ? -.o.5 6:39 ,1.6 12:50 'u B.I .6:5fi[^:l.O
-SEATTLE— Arrived ' Feb . 10— Stmr * Robert
Dollar, hence Feb 12. - - "ymffMUWUBhui li W,0
;-" Sailed '- Feb : 15 — Stmr ' Nome City. ' for 1 ;
•' VENTURA— Passed • Feb = 16— Barge . Santa
DOMESTIC. PORTS.
.< :The>Br ship. Pechmont, Vat; anchor off. Black
Point, • dragged her -anchors : Sunday^n" heavy
S.W.'-blcw;and;driftedifor,nearly .a.rftUe: \ -
it LThe r. bark >: Coryphene, \ aXt anchor;.' In-- Mission
Bay." dragged -her; anchor S Sunday,! arid * fouled
the , steameri Colon, I lying t at i anchor.'MfThe I ves
sels were separated ' by f the ; tugs Sea Queen,*, Sea
Prince, and Alert after, doing Blight damage to
both ', vessels. •¦ V . .' "¦ :
M.ISC___AN._OUS.
1 1 Per stmr Zealandlar from ¦, Tahiti,-; Feb 16— On
the 1 9th s of >* October. ,; lOOir? the ; Br i bark ¦*. Sav
ernake, '; Fred ' J. Toole,%' master,-;; sailed { t roiri
San *: Francisco; ;•. bound ;-..- for -< Oueenstown^ i for
orders,* and ; on the 14th of November,' 1001,^ was
wrecked " on X the f island * of ( Clareniont I Tonnerre
of , the i Poumuto 1 group, 4 Society^ Ialanda. j.Thfc
master ' and ¦ ere w : were \ all saved and are among
the i number j ol \ paasengern « on « board % the % Zea
landia
MEMORANDUM,
'¦V ¦'¦-' ; ;.'v--;v..?'J. SPOKEN. ¦'¦{ '*'¦;.¦/,¦•.',.'¦,/ ':
i i Per .; Dllot ; America^^ Feb S 16, ! off . the
lightship — Ship - : Florence,".' from \ Honolulu," ' for
San ' Francisco ;;Btood- off, -.bar trough."- -
'.'¦'¦ POINT t LOBOS, '. Feb 16, - 10 p : in— Weather
cloudy ; • wind south, ivelocity 56 miles ; per, hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
¦'¦'¦ ¦ ¦ • . "Sunday,"^ February 16.
•Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander,", for San : Diego."
- Stmr' Pomona, -Shea, for. Eureka.
¦^Stmt-" Newsboy, TJohannsen, for, Eureka. V
; • Stmr ' Point . Arena,' Hansen, : for. Mendocino. ;
:' ' Ship :' Invincible, ¦ Mackenzie, for ' Port .' Blake
ley.";. •¦¦.•'.¦¦ . .'•¦"¦ --¦¦¦.'¦. ;"^
. .• ,.'. ¦ ', -,- Friday, ; February .14. •
/ Barge ¦ Santa .' Paula," McGovern.l" for ' San
Pedro.'. "" ¦,'_•' 'j ,__,.— _ T^,
SAILED.
¦ Stmr ""Celia, , Adler, ¦ 31 ','. hours from Blhlers
••' Stirir.Wa8htenaw, Parker,: 6 days ~ from Ta
," Stmr '; Homer, ¦ Donaldson, 40 'hours from San
,: Stmr Zealandlar, Lawless, 15 days from Ta-.
- - Stmr Bonlta, : No-pander," 61 hours from : New
port "and way. pwtfc'-'s.;-; .; ¦- ; > '; ¦
>*i Stmr State of , California,". Swanson,: 42 hours
from' San 'Diego"' and way ports.- -• v " .
i;-; Stmr ? Gipsy, : Leland, ". 18 . hours from Moss
l/'andingr andiwayiports.^- v _ ¦ ' ; . ' , * ;
Schr Czarina,.' Wallstedt,, from Unga.
Sunday, : February." 16.
Skipping i Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
' Tiie . Zealandia brought the" latest hews
of the*" British bark Pyrenees, which was
wrecked la -'little '< over.; a year .ago ; on the
Island of i Manga : Rival Captains J.: E.
Thayer and ' Porter - are - In ' charge of the
wreck and • are ; making | every ' effort to get
her ; afloat:? This ,' they, expect : to ; accom
plish • Very - shortly. * When ! they :¦. succeed,
the vessel will be sailed to Papeete, where
she will be ' repaired sufficiently to allow
of her being sailed to this port. 1
Pyrenees -Will \ Be Eloated."
' The new'. ; steamship Spokane- has been
taken : off ' the ¦ southern run and .will : be
laid : up for a '* few weeks. , While the ' new
vessel has proved satisfactory," it has been
found necessary . to ' make ". some : changes
in^ parts : of -her I machinery. She, will, be
ready for. service ; again in .time to "relieve
the • Santa r Rosa, which will be r shortly
given Tan overhauling. ,
Spokane Lays .Up.
.John Connor, ; who 1 ; is .employed on the
wrecking barge in- salving the
sunkenshlp May Flint, was drowned yes
terday'- afternoon while trying to '¦) reach
the J barge "- in 2 a small * boat.. A ; sudden
squall capsized-hls craft. He. was thrown
into the -, water ¦ and • must have been
drowned: quickly,^.as the ... sea> was : very
rough. : The accident was witnessed" from
the wrecking barge, but the boat sent to
the • rescue " was .- blown •' almost i- to 'Angel
Island by the ; heavy wind and the . occu
pants had i their : hands full taking care of
themselves.^ ¦..!'¦ : "
Wrecker Loses life.
"¦ TH E COAST, RECORD..
¦ l .; ¦'.>.>¦.„- a*-'."'. '/'K -¦<¦»¦•: o-'" : J5-, ' .•-,
.--.Y:. § -%^^ -:^: , I
->r ¦' v-3. • S3 3_-:|a:-"8"--. '"6-'
¦ stations;--. s. : ; .')': | -.f ?"§ - ' Z° - : \ -g:
Astoria . . . . . :20.54 64 56 . S Rain .84
Baker -.. . . ... : .29.02. 48 34 : SE . Cloudy .00
Carson .. r. ... 29. 84 '«« t3U - E -..'•' Cloudy. .00
Fresno^. ...:.. 20. 94 80 -"02 S Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff \ . . .'.30.08 (JO 24 • S_/ Clear -,'f.O'J
Pocatcllo, Ida. .10. 08 54 38 ' SE». Cloudy ' .00
Independence 20.00 (38 3« SE' Clear - .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 04 70 ¦ 48^ W -Clear .00
Phoenix ..... .29. OS 80 40 W Clear ' ' .CO
Portland .....29. 5S-CH 44.' NW Rain - .01
Red Bluff.. ...29. 78 66 50 > SE Cloudy .02
Rosoburg*....29.5S 74 «4 SE Rain" ,.C2
Sacramento '.. 29. 88 '72 50 SW • Cloudy .'.00
Salt Lake ..'..30.00 .(i2; 30 SE - Clear .. 00
San Francisco. 29. 02 C2» 52: S Cloudy T.
S. L. Obispo; .R0. 08 ,72 - 52 ¦ S • ¦ Clear -'..W
San Diego 1..30.00 68 50 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle r.:V. r..-.29.62 G4 56- SE Rain - -.(it
Spokane .;..:. 29. 78" 52 /34.NW, Cloudy .00
Walla Walla r. 29. 08 08. 4S S: Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.80 .06 .30 S Cloudy .00
Yuma;.... ....29.96 8S ; 46 .."_ '.-.'. Clear .00
Last \. This -Last
. Stations— ' 24 Hours. '¦ Season. Season.
Eureka >^.'..- 34.:tl
Red Bluff ...O.OO. .17.64 .-• 18.8;j
Sacramento .'........-. O.00 . ' • 9. IS ' l:l'.S2
San "Fi^nclsco ;......! Trace .-.•¦'10.;>0 ;*'• .'14.70
-Fresno -, J,.. . ,. . . . . .jtxO.OO-."' -:-H»t78~* -. ».-8t'-
IndepenJence '.....'.. '0.00' . '"X.H'J)- "y*5.47
S3.11 Luis Obispo. 1 . . . . ' 0.C0 . ' 17.74 . .-¦ 20.3:;
Los Angeles ..'.'.....: 0.00 4.21 13;50
San Ditgo ....-..-:... "0.00 '"-.- 2:46 ¦.'.'•-." 8.53
San. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2; minimum, 52;. mean, ¦- 57. ¦ ...: - :
The /. Oceanic Steamship . Company's
Zealandia- arrived yesterday, from Tahiti ,"
whence she sailed "February, i: She brought
a cargo ; 'of .tropical^products and .twenty
four 'passengers,* 1 including • Captain >' Fred
erick -'I'ooie- ana \tne • crew ; of . tne British
barK'SavernaKe.'-wnich.was wrecked Nov-i
ember -14: on- the: coral -Island of i'Jlement
Tonnerre»Y " Captain Henri -Bfocqueviile,
commandant of the '.French; troous . sta
tioned at -Tahiti "was a -passenger.'- ? He
iwas ¦ accompanied ' by his wife. >- _x-United
¦ States ' Consul r D. ' Atwater . and : Mrs. ' At-'
water were also on board. '.' Mrs. Atwater
was a member of the royal' family of Ta
hiti and ; has a number ; of friends in .this
city. Alexander. Graff e, a French Govern
ment oHicial,' and .James J. Young, a
planter ".were passengers. The Zealandia's
cargo I included' 70,710 cocoanuts," 251 cases
of fruit: and "86, cases of vanila. , Fine
weather was encountered throughout the
voyage. • ;
Zealandia ¦ From Tahiti.
Steamer. : -Destination. JSjylls.j FUr.
1; February 17. I
Spokane S. Diego & Way,Pts 9 am | Pier 11
Argo....... Coquille River '.... 4 pmjPler 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor ,:..:. 12 . m Pier 2»
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 fcm Pier 24
• :¦.¦•-;-.',. February 18.-.- -.. .=¦ .
North Fork. Humboldt t . . '. '. . . . ., 9 amlPIer 2
Empire...; Cops Bay .;........ 12 m|Pler 13
Phoenix.... Hendoclno City ...." 3 pm Pier -13
S." Monica.. Humboldt W am Pier 2
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
Eureka."..'.. Humboldt :. » am Pler.lS-
Rival...... Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
Guatemala. Valparaiso — Way. 12 mtPier lo
Acapuico... Panama & Way Pts 12 : mJPMSS
J. Klmball. Seattle & r Tacoroa.. 10 anwPler 2
,; February 10. ¦> |
Lakme.. ... Astoria & Portland, u pmjPier 2
State Cal.-. . San Diego _ Way.. 9 amPHr. 11
Bonlta.... . Newport & Way Pts » amlPier 11
Australia.. Tahiti direct ....... 10 am Pier 7
, Kc-hrnary _Oi
Rainier.'. . . Seattle & N. "What. 6 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier t>
;\ Febrnarr 22.
Hyades.:.'." Honolulu _ Kahului 12 m Pier 20
Columbia.: A»torta & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
February 23. I ...
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. |8an Pedro _ Way. 0 am|Pier 11
Newburg... Gray<« Harbor . ... .5 pm'Pur i.'
' February 24. j \' '-:*''
Mandalay.*. Coqullle River ....| 5 pm'Pler 2
February 23. J, - I '
Nippon Mar China & Japan.. ..I l:pm|PMSS
CityPuebla IPnget- Bound ; Forts . |lt " am tPler > 0
.: dteamir. " For.. . -- J sail*.
Farallon. . : . : Skagway & Way Ports. |Fcb. IS
¦Dolphin. .. . . . Skagway ¦ & Way Ports.|Feb. 22
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet fe'Way Pts.lFeb. V5
Dlrlgo .....:: Skagway & , Way Ports. IFeb. tf
HOTEL ARRIVALS."
'new western hotel.
J D Adams N - Y : » - J * Anderson. • Oakland "
F Southard. NY- A Fanno. Vallejo
W King, Chicago • K C L Montagen, Cal
J J Clark. Portland M C More. ¦ Bar' City
L'Lompton, Seattle O C Anderson, * Boise
J Morrison. Seattle -, A G Schoenick. Nebr '
J Mulroy Ingleside ¦ . J I Goring.- Chicago
C L 'Green. Bakersfld (E Warren.. Chicago- .
J aahn." S j Cruz IH .E Hays, K Orleans
J Sullivan, S Cruz I ;. 4
. "Why- do you say he Is a " man' of no
judgment?'.'.- .'-'Because, when he finds a
dialect story . that amuses him - he tries
to read it aloud to his friends.''. , _
A' party of "six holiday-makers : from
Redwood . City, had an exciting experience
in the squall. 'They j started for home just
as;the wind begamto'blow, and ".were
Angel Island :when something-went '.wrong
with their engine. The launch.was'drift
ing" helplessly : before •. gale. . when ¦< the
hay-laden •: scow.' 3chooner ' ,,Plowboy,
equally helpless and under, bare poles, ran
into her.. Three: of the -launch .party
boarded /the ;schooner. Three remained
aboard : the launch. . Henry ! Peterson : was
notified of the situation and. went to tlie
rescue -with the launch Sybil.;. The'. Red
wood. City; launch and Its passengers were
brought, ashore safely.*--: The- launch -pas
sengers "were 'MessrSi" Johnson; Ikencut
ter, Bennett, "Brophy, Lodle and Jellison.
A hejLVy^ southwesterly gale sprang , up
suddenly '.-..yesterday, afternoon . and ,gave
the t vessels at anchor -; in the' harbor a'
ehaking ; ijp. H Nearly • every . craft : in .the
stream - dragged anchor, -and ; those .that
were : able ; ran for," shelter.'!, -The Britisn
snip ., iyecnmuiit' riarrowjy.' escaped ; going
asaore on Alcatraz. .¦<" A. s«coua aucuoi waa
lei go.v Dut i even with ; tnis auaiuonai ' grip
on- uie bottom { the vessel dragged a nuiii
ber or ' yards anu was ; uangci ousiy near
tn« rocks wnen tnemudnooKs nnany set
tied; down > to a" arm. noia. Tne -±>rltisn
tramp ' steamship .-.'jyirkctaie - saved ¦ nerseif
a -trip aown , tne : bay p letting •' go an ' extra
ancnur , ; and '-¦ the : collier ¦ -jvieteor avoiaeu
tne; trouble "of : reinioi-cing nerjancnorage
by -steaming to sneiter. ;:Tne iutie tow
boat '-it rslic was heaaea for the mail I dock
when- the storm (broke. * 7 She rounded tire
transport ' dock;'-: where, ; alter.:- Burying ' her
nose - a ' few times' in , trie " real ; waves , that
were By; this time rolling across the' bay,
she ' turned , tail < and. rleu . to . more : peace
ful waters. The bar began to break aDout
4 ''o'clock,-. and '-all' along the -water Iront
preparations ¦¦¦ were made " lor a stormy
nisrnt: *-?¦¦! ¦ - -:¦ ¦¦"¦.-'¦ ¦¦' ¦¦ :<•¦ *?<-'¦ ¦¦-'• ¦"• ' ¦¦' ¦¦ ; '-. .
Southwestef., Sweeps Harbor.
¦-TO ARRTVK. ¦'.'*. '.} ¦ r -'/'
Steamer. .. ¦-.'..:. From. ._ , ' J:r>u«. -
Crescent City Crescent City .......... [Feb. 117
Arcata...;:. Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 17
Mackinaw. . . Taeoma ,t Feb. 17
Empire.:.... Coos Bay '.... Feb.'17
Rival........ AVillapa Harbor .... Feb. 17
Lakme: ...... Portland '&' Astoria.... Feb. 17
Argo. Coqutlle ' River n. 17
Rainier. . Seattle & N. Whatcom. IFeB. 17
Umatllla..:.. Puget Sound Ports .... Feb. 17
Eureka ...... Humboldt ...........;.. Feb. 17
Luxor. . . .... Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 17
Asuncion. Tacoma-.; z:. ...;.. Feb. 17
Victoria. . . . '.". Oyster Harbor , Feb. 17
Chehalls. ;'..'. San Pedro ;: Feb. 17
Sonoma...... Sydney"* Way. Ports.. Feb. 17
Pleiades..... Seattle. ................ Feb. IS
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.'. Feb. 18
i Pomona. ..... Humboldt .". ............ Feb. 19
Columbia.. V. Portland & Astoria-.. .. Feb. 19
Isls. .:..'..... Hamburg. & Way Ports. Feb. 19
Titania.... . : Nanalmo ......Feb. 10
j Chas. Nelson. Redondo ............... Feb. 1»
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 20
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 20
Eureka...... Humboldt ...:......... Feb. 21
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ......... Feb. 21
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports .... Feb. 21
Pecu... .:;... China & Japan ";'.....:: Feb. 22
Newburg. San Pedro ..,;... Feb. 23
Coronado..-.. Grays Harbor-- :.:.v.;: Feb. 2-T
Sequoia...... Grays Harbor .......... Feb. 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Feb. 24
North Fork. . Humboldt .............. Feb. 24
Czarina....:. Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 25
Queen...'..-. Puget Sound Ports....:; Feb. 26
Curacao. ...:;' Mexican ¦ Ports ......... Feb. 27
Steamer Movements.
Captain S.W." Dunning, Captain Z: B. ; . Vanco, 7
Second Lieutenants; C'tR.-' JoneB,- William » 11.5
Taylor. - D. - C. ; Shaw, ' L,.'. D. Gasser • and • J.' M. '
Craig i with > the ' recruits " and casuals ; -Thomaa
Howlett,- Joseph -, C.S Garllngton; '.William -A.
McVean,,' Captains' S. E.: Smiley, . "William
Brooks- and W. Olive; 'Lieutenant B/.H. Wat
kins,*- Chaplain v Joseph ? Clemens, '¦ Second i Lieu
tenants ' J. F. • Clapham,' G. ¦ A.'."VVeiser,: G.^Mor
gan - and ' A" E.-Boyce; ; Joseph 'Smith, Robert
Peterson, Edwin- D. ' Smith, James B. ' Rufiln,
Captain - S. ; B. Arnold, - wife and mother ; [ Noble
Carter,* Major t W. : W.s Robertson, wife 9 and
three clerks ; I Mrs. Caldwell, . Mrs. . F. 'M. v Jones
and three children,' MrB.i George C. Shaw,- Mrs.
James : M. 'Klmbaugh, ¦: Dr. W. W. s Markoe, J.
H.Biggar. M.;J. Gomez/ Miss Nettie A. Douge,
Mrs.;. William H.- Noble, Robert W. Breckons,
wife r and s child; Miss - Sackett, - F. -C. Kearns,
Lieutenant D. < J.^ Moore, Mrs. G. Morgan, Miss
Lenore. Stein wender, Mrs.'- ' Joseph ' Clemeuo,
Mrs. H/tV. Evans and child. ¦ • - v .
', ; The "United" States 'army, transport "War-'
ren "; sailed ; at ¦; noon " yesterday, for,: Manila.
She';' should \ have sailed , oh • Saturday, 15 but
the';tardy,!; arrival ; of several 'companies of
her troops 'neceasItatedTa change ; of , pro-^
gramme; f : The jWarren 'carried ' 385" casuals
and I recruits,", and ; 395 enlisted v men I to. re-"
inf ofe'e] the Fifteenth Infantry. 'Among the
passengers were~ army wives and children,
some j hospital s nurses ; ; and . a • few school
teachers. '.The cabin .passengers were: '
Heavy Southwester Sweep
Bay and' Almost ¦ Blows^
: iShip on Alcatraz.
Transport Takes Recruits
and Rein
forcements.
WARREN CARRIES
MEN TO MANILA
.- HALIFAX— Arrived Feb 1»^-Stmr Specto
rlan, from Liverpool and- Movllle,- and sailed
for St "John, N B;- stmr Boyan. . from Glasgow
and. Liverpool, via St. Johns, N F, and Phila
phla. i. .- ;• "¦'..;. ¦'¦ ¦ ; : ;;- . ¦: ~- ¦¦¦ ;
,-i LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Buenos
Ayres.'from Glasgow. forSt'Johns. N F, Hall
fax,-' N S, . and ¦ Philadelphia ; . - stmr ¦ Canadian."
for -, New .York '. (not aa previously * reported) ;
stmrBovlc. for New York. ¦ ¦¦- .¦-;
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Fen 16— Strar Cam
pania.. from Liverpool, . for ¦ New York.
y SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed " Feb .16-^Stmr
Kronnrinz V Wilhelm,' from . Bremerhaven and
Cherbours 1 , for New- York. :-¦':<;¦¦'¦ -".'..•. : .
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb ; 16^-Stmr - Etru
ria, Trom LiverDool and Queenstown ; * ltmr La
Touraine,^ from Havre; : stmr St Paul, from
bouthampton and Cherbourg. • •¦:" - - •
¦:¦ LIZARD— Passed Feb 1G— Stmr Kensington,
from New York, for Antwerp. -
. ' . KINSALE — Passed . ¦. Feb , 16— Stmr Cevie,
,from- New 'York, tfor Llvemool.- ¦ :• ¦; - : ..." -¦•••..
•HAMBURG- Arrived Feb 10-^Strar Preto
ria,;-. from New York, 1 vte Plymouth and Cher
bo'jrtr.''-' - " -¦ •'. ;'.•'• :-•.-•¦-. •,.-,;,¦ . -.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOKONG-^- Arrived . previous to" Feb" 13— ,
Br, atflsr, Athenian,' from Br.stmr
Oopack,* from ; Seattle, for ¦ Manila. ¦ >
PAPEETE— Sailed Jan 31— Bktn Tropic
Bird, - for ' San Francisco.-' ¦ -" .- - : - - • ,'
' In .. port ' Feb . 1 — Fr ••tranrsort '.- Durance, Fr
gunboat Zelee and Fr bark France Cherle.
' '-. PORT . • TOWNSEND— Sailed '• Feb 1(5— Schr
Oceania . Vance, from i Port » Hadlock, for " San
Diego. --¦ :. - J • • *, ; ... • :
. FOREIGN PORTS.
• ' PORT ' BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 10— Schr
Manila, v from ¦¦ Port » Ludlow. i n 5iSfe**^BM««|S*S
' SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Aber
deen, -, from • Eureka; ¦ stmr Despatch, - from
.Whatcom: ¦•" ¦" '' - .' - *.¦; ¦
=•" ' POINT) REYES— Passed Feb r 16. '3 d m—
Stmr Crescent * City, : from " Crescent City, - for
San Francisco. " , - - V- '¦'-¦¦ ' *• ¦¦" '. !
Paula; : in tow ' of tug Rescue, - hence Feb 14.
for San 'Pedro. -¦;. . .-¦—¦• • -:."• : - •
-TACOMA — Sailed , Feb- .16-^-Shio " J. B.
Thomas;< for Sydney. .-¦ -. c :" \ ¦ S« 9 1 ¦ ; . ¦ I HPH
PORT. • LUDLOW— Arrived Feb 16— Brig
Courtney Ford, from" San Diego. '
%i The '.Veterans 'of ¦. the J Civil : War Associ
ation held i their \ regular,;, weekly \ meeting:
la8t5SatufdayJhIghjt.';i^ehty?;riew>:namea
were \ added ;; to * theVroll.'y Cpminunlcatlbhs'
we're J read, "-calling ,attentidn ; to' a ¦< large
number,: of ; Civil YVVar .Veterans : who ') have
been ; ousted •; from : political; positions ; with-'
out cause, f /Action - on' the . matter ; will be"
takenslater. ; ': «;• •' '\'r^ry\~}r:.-.i •>:
Civil-War Yeterans Meet.
t "¦¦ NOTE- In the < above 4 exposition of ; the '¦ tideH
the I early; morning,; tidea : are j given I in I the « left
hand * column s and r the ; successive l tides ' of the
day; in . the order,* of i occurrence ¦ as to .time; ; the
fourth vtlme : column * gives » the '. last • tide ' of the
day,"; except when \ there 'are I but L three tides || as
sometimes s- occurs/ >iTho Ihelghts 'given 'are Sin
addition | to the soundings I of the | States
Coast Survey. Charts.' except when a | minus I (— )
sign' precedes \ the height/ and ¦ then ', the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by, the
charts.":.:- The ? plane ¦ of , reference • is the mean ! of
the lower, !ow. waters.'",',,: 'V-r* '>"•.''•¦! '¦•';¦,-'••. ¦-¦.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,. FEBRUARY 17, 1902.
9
. PBttSOXALS. 1
'jixFOKMATlCor^VVAXTEI).
Tl;e executot* of Charles "Winter «want to
find his son, John Winter, a^ed about C2
years, machinist, formerly of Newark, N. J.
Paid John Winter was !_?t Iicar4 from in
Kan Frar.cisfco. Cal. Address THEODORE
\VESTEKM.VX, executor. Xem-axk. N. J.. or
Chief of Police. Newark. N. J.
January _s. 190_ ¦
AN eler*nt line of remnant* Xor suits lo order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pents free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, fl weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Kt.. befn-eeii Seventh and Eighth.
AT Newman's ticket office. 11 Montsromery «_,
you —III find cheap rate railroad and steam-
6hip ticket*? to all Eastern and Paciflc Coast
ports tnd No:ne. Alaska. T. A. Rijrdon, Met.
1 V.'ASH and dry your hair in 10 minutes with
WHrm or cold air. 00c: hair dressed, 25c. <J.
LECEREH, _~ Stockton st.; etore open all
day the 22J. --, - .'"¦.*•
_I>ECTRIC ll&Ut In every room — "Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 BO per night; $1 00 to $G per week;
free "bus and bageeee to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? Tou can be certain of style and
tit by usinsr Standard Pattern*; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. • J. W
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market, nr.6th.
A— WHAT do you think O. HERMAN, 4S
Ellis, maker colored shirts to order; ?1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic removal of moles and ' superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
¦work puarante«l. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
A echool to learn halrdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
»**• P° :k and Van N " eBS - MISS A. V. DOYI-tS.
WHITE enamel Iron beds. Eingle. three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton ct.. near Broadway.'
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle epeclalist; superfluous hair
_ moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Baton. 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective •work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
IblAN of S2 desires the acquaintance of lady;
object matrimony. Bex 3913, Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by.
electric needle. MRS. M. Harris. 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS "hair and moles removed by
electric needle._T._MrF.Tra.verse.ll~O Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
ttair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 763
Valencia et.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons _ evenings: 10c: ladles free.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mr*. Brirgs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 96S Sutter; tet. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 B0; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
(the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ESTATE — CITY — FOB SALE.
JOSEPH STRAUS^ '¦''"*¦
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. j
Property Bought and Sold. ;
Rents Collected.
$10,000— Three modern flats, \ 6, 6, 7 rooms,
bath; rent $1000 per annum; lot 27: Ox
96; near Geary and OTarrell Bts.
$2000 cash — Balance easy terms; a very good
Income producing property; 12 flats
and residence of 9 rooms; stable,
chicken yard; 100x120; lot In rear to
build on; rents $.3000 per annum.
FOR SALE— Cheapest building lot In wnole-
sale district; a bargain.
For sale — Old building in wholesale dis-
trict; can be made to pay 12 per cent.
Two lots near Park; must be sold at one*;
under foreclosure.
Apply PACIFIC REALTY & LOAN CO..
* 640 Market si
COTTAGE FOR SALE — ROSS STATION.
$2700 — An elegant cottage of 11 rooms and
bath, nice stable; an excellent piano, also mat.
ting, carpet and etot'es go with the house;
best part of town; five minutes' 'walk trom the
station. Apply to B. G. HAAS, real estate
&i;ent, CS3 Parrott building; San Francisco.
________________ __ _ _
650 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold. ,
Rent* collected.
FOR Bale — Nice, cozy cottage of 4 rooms and
bern; lot 25x100; one block from Folsom-et.
cars; S10 Rutledge ave.. near Alabama St.,
bet. Twenty-seventh. . ernd Twenty-eighth;
price $900; on easy payments.
$3000 — A CHOICE piece of property, corner, on
terminus of car line; grocery and bar, stock,
fixtures, house and lot. Apply at WEIN-
STEIN'S, Silver ave. and San Bruno ave.
BARGAIN — 9-room house; modern improve-
ments. 1731 Broderlck, bet. Bush and Pine.
FOR Sale — 28xS4; double house; 16 rooms and
bnth, at 876 Pine Et., near Taylor.
$5600 — BARGAIN; handsome flats; choice loca-
tlrn; Mission warm belt. Owner. 3972, Call.
REAL. ESTATE — COl'XTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and Information.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly.
tree to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes of country property, after a
personal Inspection, for sale and exchange by
N. P. BICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
FOR Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Penin-
sular properties, see WOOSTER. WH1TTON
& MONTGOMERY. 634 Market St.. S. F.. and
Sen Jose.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY _ CARR, 6 Eddy et.
VTE offer bargains in dwellings and lots in
Oakland and Alameda: for sale and exchange.
* HEALY — CARR. 6 Eddy st. "-
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
¦stamp for free list. C. R. Wlnneld. Petaluma.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$6000— 2-story and basement 9-room houss,
hrjm and chicken house; nice garden; lot
60-150; on north side of San Antonio ave.;
short distance from station; will exchange
for San Francisco property. Apply to B. G.
HAAS. Real Estate Agent, 589 Parrott
building, San Franctsc^
NEW cottaee, 0 rooms; lot 35x120; $2500.
New cottage, 8 rooms; lot 40x120: *2200:
terms; also lots in subdivisions: will build to
euit. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3730 — FINE 2-story house pt 7 rooms; lot 50x
1C6; near Tjr-C. grounds and electric R. R.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
. Berkeley Station.
$3300— THOROUGHLY well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot; street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2'4 blocks from station and 1
1 block from electric railroad.
_>S JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate.
Berkeley Station. .
f 5000— HOUSE, 12 rooms; stable: near unl-
versity. ASHTON _ GARDINER. 411 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ '. "*
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
. N unpkr—leled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wileon ave. and Hopkins et.; 2 blocks from
2 meet cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, plg-
ecn cote, etc: ornamental grounds; ¦ fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
fiwn 8. P.; rent $35 a month: price $4000."
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building. or.H.
A. PT-TCTTKKR. TYnltvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— III8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
t. P. MEADS. Oakland, real estate. 1223
Kroaiiway. near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAND ROOMS. ¦¦"""•_'._
TO responsible couple -or a single gentleman,
large *unny parlor, furnished as a bedroom,
2 bay-windows and grates; also single sunny.
rooms. Apply 541 Nineteenth st., Oakland.
-JUKLAW) F-mtyiTC'RIS FOR SALE.
FTRXITURK good and cheap this month. H.
*C___LHAAS. 408 Eleventh ct.. Oaklanl. ,
AUCTION SALES
_* GRAND AUGTiON SALE fe,
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
AND CHOICE
TflOROUGHBRED STALLIONS.
• BY ORDER OF
J. W. Schorr, A. B. Spreckels. Burllngam*
Stock Farm. S.' McNaushton. Chlnn _ For*
sythe. p. McCarthy, consisting of the followlntt
Joe ¦ I*rey (California Derby winner, S5OOO),
Esternell, Greenock (stake winner), Ordnunfr,
Commissioner Forster. John Peters, Triaditza
'(stake ; winner). Ishtar. Finch, (great hurdlo
Jumper). Clarlnette, Saul of Tarsus (a very con-
sistent racehorse). .- Montoya, Rosalbra. Flash-
light (stake winner). . Trappean. . Puryear D
(stake winner). Pegalonr. Breton, etc.
;-, . -.'¦¦ Sale Will Take Place
THIS DAY,
! MONDAY .i...:.:. FEBRUARY 17TH. IW»
Commencing at T :45 P. fit.
. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANQ—.
' ' - T21 Howard St., Near Third.
Catalogues ready.
WM. Q.' LA YNO. Livestock Auctioneer.
_^5> 5^rs 5^
Just l^celvad, a carload of well broke busi-
ness, express and driving horaes, consigned by
Los Medanos ranch. Centra Costa Co. FRED H.
CHASE &• CO.. 1732 Market st., cor. Van Xeas.
EAHWAY TBAVifcL.
Trains !•>»*» nn<l nri> due •» nrrl** mi
MAN FltAM«!IM«:<».
• (Main Line. Foot ot ilarknt Street.)
C.SATK — f BOX FebuVaET 9. 13CJ — ARltlTS
7:O«a Benicii. Soiann, Elruixa and 8»cr»-
' uieuio... S'SJVf
* .iOOa Vicnille, Witfrs, RuuiBcy ~s33?
<<3<»A M_liiifl/., S»n Uainuli, Vallejo, flap*. .
'- U8lku<K» ami Smita UoM.. .."..... <l:25*
»iO« A Davis, WiHxlUml. KuIiliU Landing,
Marya?UI«. onxille.. . 7i31r
SiOOa AtUuiln K»pre«B— «sd«i» aud Kut 8:313a
*:«»* Xiles. Ltthrnp, Stocktnu .......... ~.i'2*r
• »:«O.\ Uile», AlrmUit*. Haufotd. ViMlja,
\ rorrrttikt. •«... 4rfW»
¦:3»a Shasta Kxi>rt-n-DaTlx, Williams (lot
Rirtlett Si.riiigs*, Willow*. Red
Bluff. l'dttkiKl...- ":»»»
• liatij Kim ,li*e. ],i*crmor». Ktuelittm,
Inna. ,';»cr»ifiMin>, ri»ciT?i!Io,
- , Mti-yRTillo. t;iiiR«, Uxl Uliiff. 4:».1»
, •iHn« <)»k(l»l». Chlnriie.Himora. lwolumr.e 4tlt.">p
HXIOa Il»rwat:I, Ml> ¦ aud V/a; Stations. . 1 1<.13*
•tOOAVtllrJo Iitt35t
H:VVa Los Angoles JCxvrO— — IHnrlinM,
.' . Tr»oy. I 1 *tlin»j>. Htonklon, Jlt-rcpil
FreviiiiMiiil I.oa Aniro'es 7:S3»
HtlllM V«I1.-J.., RUrlinox «n<i W»y Sl.ili...,. ?|.13r
I Oiooa T1i« Orerlaml IJtuItol— <>gdan. L v «n-
• -• ¦ - iarJ'«>l». Uhlesipi »ia3»
«l:OOr Surrniiionlx CWer .Siotliiorn |Ili»ilf
3>««k llunlria. Whiten. Hkeramtntn,
U'nixilfihil. Kufkl.U I,»nili.i«, ,
. M«n»»UI<-, «>m»ll|p.'.'.V.... !•:«».»
B:30r II»jTT«r.l, Nil. » an.l Way S»« tloim.. T:.13f
4:nnr MarMiirx. Sun liamiw. VhIImJo.
. ' -, Nl>|>«. «rnlt»lf.K.». SnnkK Kl>«n 9<a.l.\
A-.ttor NIV«, Lltrrmors. Stoclitnn. I^-H... I* «f
4 >»»r H .y w»nl, N!l««, s»r .l.,<t, |J». rmore |H>aS«
4:»i»rTlm Owl Uiiiltnl <- Kimiki, TuUre.
lUk«r»11«li», Haiigim f»r H»uU l!»r-
luira, Ijfia Awn-leu..... H1SS4
StMOr fort OoatmTrMy. I jiihroj*. Stockton 1 01VA4
BtOOr Martin- x. Antiudi, Sti.cktmi, Jler- ' ¦
c<mI. Frcunrt ....................... 12:23t
. HKMtr lUfwmni, K ilex aud Han JuN 7i53»
.|«:O«r Vi.ilej<. 11:25*
•liOOr Orim.ul Alatt— Ogilfln, Psurer,
} Omahm. St Lotih, <;hiW£.) 4i33f
?iftOr OrcRmi nnil O— UurnU l>;*|.riiB«.Hiio-
v .. TRiiimitn. Mnr>~lll», UmMitiK.
r,.rtl,n,.l. 1'iiKut riiim.it ami East »i33a
Ss«3p8sn PaWo, I*i*i Cunta, M*rti'«z
ami W»» Htetiotis Ili»3*
_l»»».ll' ValHu. ?83.'»f
COAST IjINE (.Narrow «»n R <t>.
(Fwit«>tM.trrt«tStreft.>
- »tl.->A Nou»rk.(,Vl.lcrillU-.«ail.|.»io. Kilt..ii, ""
.... J!ou!(»^r<?t. «k,M.u.i«.<;ru*»i«l Way
«'. MtnUoi*.". .;.......... 3iS»#
|»<l!»r Now»rk, «;«••« ervilii-. S»u .»«¦», Hrw
Almailmi, Fcltoit, Itouli'or <.'rwelc, .
T ) San t* ( f m Mill )°iim:i;>al Way
* 8UUona !»:!»«•
4iI3r Newark. Man .lone, Lou Oalnn. |8:3«A
«0.3ur IIuntrT*' Train -San Jvia and Way
¦' ¦ 8t»Mon« VZ.*OT
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fr#a SA*I rmsCUC3— Tu\. of Kkrket Street (Slip 3)— v \
li:15 - 9;00 ' 11:OUA.M. 1:03 3:J3 !.l3r«.
rMUiOJKHSB— r«»l •'Bts.Jw.j.— Ui.no tH:t>0 tS:C
1Q:U0a u. : lS.Oa 2.C3 i:33r.M. \
-. - COAST IJNK <Hr««il «¦«.*•). .
¦ ' . •• ;.-•¦¦ f I'lilnl him! Tq'vh»8i»I -SU)
' UiIwa 8»a .Jo»e and W»y H_tiou_ SHUT
7i«»A Han .lone iiimI WniStaliuin f9:O<U
/7i««a N«» AI»»iIm. /*:10T
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — .lose,
4iiir. y. Kaliua*. Har. Luis Obispo.
- bantn. U»rl»r». I<« Arplis raid
princiv<Hnk«Tj».dIate Btition* ... 1O:43»
BiOOa Hun .limn. Ties I'ilMW. .Simla Crux,
I'airine Ur»T».,raliu<is fun l.ui* I
, Obini>oainl Principal ii.terraetli.ta
/ Htotiuna v...... ««!•».
I o::»»a San Juss and Way Stations. »-.:i«a
I lt3«lA S«u .>»¦« Hint Way SUliiH-M „.. Mi-1«»
IXtlftr Smi Matn>, It«lKnO<], Mr'ilo Tark.
- , . ¦ Palo A ito. San t* Olaru. Kmi .Ituie,
.Treariao*. H»Ml.i«,'ni*. Salluaa.
Mniitardyam! Pnnllli! OrriTe. |l«s434
: 8:3O|. x nn ,l t ,inaiiil Wsy-^UlloHH... liSUp
; t4sl»r Han Jrm«»ll«» Prii.cinAl Way Stntlniia 3>3l»y
4i3Or Snnsrt limited— Mondays, Wednra- :
days, Friday*, for Lm Anzele*. El
Pajio. New Orlaaim and New York.
. Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
' Thursdays I»il3»
?r»:OOp San Jon*, Lou O»tos and l*rincipal
- • "Way Stations t«iO«»
BtXOr SanJns«Kii.IPrinei|ialWay8Utiiuia 6:3I>p
«<:i»r .Han Jim- ami W;»y .Htakimis "itSO^
7:0«r New Orleans Exprena — Pan I,nfs
Ohlspo, Sa-ifca K.rhur*. Los An- ;
geles, I) mlng. _l l'_o. New Or-
leans and East ........ 11:30*
«Ht43r9an J mt. nil Way Stations 7i:t«*y
; ¦• A for MorMiiij. 1* for A (temoon. "
, tRnnday rzeeiitod. J f'niiday only.
at Saturday only. " / Tuesdays *nd Pridayt^
CALIFORNUNORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to fan Rafael.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 8:10, "'6:30 .p. m. . Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. " Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS — 8:C0. 9:30. 11:CO a. m.: 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San KaifaeL tt San Francisco.
"WEEK ; DA YS-r6:l«," 7:50. 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:10. 0:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
- 6:05, 6:25 p. m. '
Leave „. I- In Effect I . Arrive .
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1001| San Frar.clgcQ,
Week I Sun- I ' ..';'-¦ I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination { days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10 :25a in
5:10pm 5 :00pm Santa Rosa: 7:35pm 6:20pm
¦ •¦ • Fulton. .¦..'- I
7:30am . Windsor, 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
; . ¦ . • • Geyaervllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6: 2Cpm
•7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:2o&m
; a:30pm s :00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm tf :20pm
7:30am ' - -¦ ¦ 10:40am 10:25am
--" ¦ 8:00am Guerncvllle. 7:35pm
S :30pm 5 :00pm - . ¦ 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:13am[ 8:40am
. . ,t>;. '-,>-and »" ? I -
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm| 0:20pm,
7:3Oaml 8:00am| !10:40am|10:a5am
3:30pm('5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| C:20p;a
-?• Stages connect ' at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White ¦ Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
iCloverdale for the: Geysers; at Hopland for
"Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle, ' Carlsbad Springs, ' Soda Bay,' Lakeport
"and ¦ • Bartlett Springs : at Ukiah for - Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. 'Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, ". Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day"s, Riverside, Lierley'a,
Bucknell's iTanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr'a
Hot. Springs, Mendoctno City. ¦ Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllits. ' Laytonvill*. Cummlnn,
Bell's Springs, Harrla.. Olsen's,' Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. . • •
-Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced ' rates. -
•On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . '
Ticket office, * 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. •¦¦-'"
H. C. WHITING. .- . R. X. RYAN.
. Gen. " Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt. .
nOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran.' Foot of Market St. San Fran.
|un- ; -,«s*_«_* ? .«r . Su JJ- V_* if '
.- Tv,, 3— Fn__> to S«nmit m-1 Stturn. II .M. -
——tOfflcM, fU __J_T1T_— X _ SACa—JTO I_— Z.
Weekly Call.$l. 00 per Year
B-JXWAY TBAVIX._
Santa Fe
Tnains-pauy;
':'-¦ Leave Market-street - Ferry . Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
.:..'„. . ',. Daily Dally Dally Dally
! Lv. San Fran 7:20a 8:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced. . . 12 :25 p 1 :17 p • 1 :30 a 9:11 p
'•"Fresno. V. 2:00 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
";Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ...•.'..
':'-' Vlaalla..*. 3:39 p ...... 6:00a .......
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:2Op 7:45a ......
" Kan. City :...:. 2:40a 7:30a ......
"Chicago.. ...... 2:15p 9:00p ......
'. a for ¦ morning. . p.for afternoon.
.9:00 a.m." train . Is . the ; California ' Lim-
ited, carrying " Palace Sleeping Cars and
Diningr Cars through to Chicago, p Chair, Car
runs , to Bakersfleld ' for : accommodation - of
local ;.'-' first-class ; passengers. ; No : second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-°
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. daily.
.*.' 4:20 p. ,m. is Stockton.- 1 Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at IX: 30
p. i m. : dally.' ¦¦' '.-- , v c' ' 9 "^MWBK ) W«"*l
ot 8 ¦• p. ' m. ¦ is the . Overland Express, ...with
through Palace " and r Tourist . Sleepers ' and
Fi*se I Reclining ,Chair Cars to Chicago; ' also
j Palace '¦ Sleeper,', which cuts out - at Fresno.
, Corresponding ; train ; arrives ' at -¦ 6 :00 • p. ; m. -
1 daily.- '.. • . -, :-. ;-.->¦- :: --.- .----.-¦ ¦- ,' ¦ ..< .. -
.;7 :20 ' a. m. - Is Bakerefleld - Local, . stopping:
"at ¦ all points ; in - San : Joaquln Valley. - Cor-
responding traln'arrives At 8:40 a. m: daily;
-> Of fices—€41 ;Market : street '' and ? In ''Ferry
Depot, ' . San • Francisco; 1112 ; Broadway, '
'Oakland. ¦¦' :: - . -. ¦ . ¦
NORTH PAC I Fl G COAST RAILROAD:
.Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 20, 1901. '-• .- -
FROM! SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. ' >.-.:: . AND/ SAN RAFAEL. •
. W_EK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30 »9:30.- 11:00 a.' m;.
•1:45." 3:1B, 4:15/ S:15, >8:15; 6:45 p. m. - ¦-.
EXTRA : TRIPS— For - Mill .Valley [ and San
Rafael 'V on 'a Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p.- m. ; , .
'¦¦' ;¦ SUNDAYS— •8:00,'.*10:00i.*ll:30 a. jp., *1:15,"
3 :15 "... *4:45, : 6:30, - 9 :30 j> p. 1 ! m.T_B*i__L_^aHn«,'
¦i : Trains : marked (•) ' run • to San j Quentin. : - i
FROM SAN ( RAFAEL TO SAN , FRANCISCO.
, "WEEK DAYS — *5 :25. 6 : 27. 7 :45, 8 :3S, '. 10 : 13
a. m./> »12 :25. . 2 : IS," *3 :35^ 4 -.40, - 8 :30 p. ¦ m. - :.--"
; EXTRA -: TRIPS : on.- Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p." m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15^*8:00,. nO:^. 11:45 a.m.,
•1:40 •3:15. v 4:45.'»6:30 p. m.v ;
: - Trains marked •(•) start from San Quentin. • .
FROM MILL VALLEYJTO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45". tS:45, '7:56,, 8:5«. 10:30
a. «m.,- 12:35. 2:45.^3:50, 6:10 p.' jbi.^ * .
. . • EXTRA " TRIPS ? on - ; Mondays, -; Wednesday 3
and ' Saturdays at"7:10.and 10:35. p. m. ......
- SUNDAYS— 8 :05. 10:05 a. ; m.;\ 12:05, , 2:15,
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. -• ¦» .
; A-., .THROUGH TRAINS.-, '."
'.: \ 6:55 a." m. .week ; days— Cazadero : and way
stations.' ••¦"-- ; - ¦ ' -" " , '¦ '¦-¦> - - ,t..
'^¦1:45 p^m. Saturdays — Duncan' Mills and way
stations. = . v '*• ' ' ¦ ;•¦'--.-¦*
¦¦z $ :00 : a." m. Sundays — Duncan Mills ' and ; way
stations.' ¦"¦ v: ; . : ¦ •¦ ¦ ,: ''..:,. ¦• :
v Legal.- Holiday boats and 'trains "will run on
Sunday. time. -v. , J .> ¦ .> >' -..¦.' , .
a Dr. Giblbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABNT.8T. KaUMUbed
In 1554 for the treatment of Prlvnt*
Dl*t%sen;lA>*t Manhood.; Debility or
diM»aaft wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. TUe Doctor cures w I ie n
others fall. ; Try* him. <: Charges low. :
C'Hrm snarantrrd. : Cull or Writ*
Dr. JT. f.UIBBOK, Han Franciace. C-. -_
- TYPE WRITERS > AND • : SUPPLIES. . ?
G RE AT I EAROAINS InTtXPE WRITERS— We
•"¦' -,pell better. machines for less money than. any
house In the city, rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange,' 536 California; telephone Main 206/
WEBSTER", Typewriter Inspection • Co.— Expert'
: tvpfwritpr rtoptnrs:e«ti7nnt«' free. 200 Sainsome.
DIVIDBSB NOTICES. ,: :\
A DIVIDEND in llquldationTof '4* 'per^cent '.'. on
. all deposits has been .declared by, the Cali- ;
fornla Savings and Loan Society, payable on!
and after Friday, February 14. . 1902. ' at '- the
office <of the society. Mills ' building, second
floor, room' 2S. * ' ' , • ¦ "¦
CHAS. ¦' — . FARQUHARSON. Secretary. : ' \
PRQP-RTV.QW>"EKS> CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired | the ' Hentzell I patent | chlm- :
'¦. cey.'I am prepared to.erect.lt 60c a foot up;
expert in . curing smoking' or '. faulty ,fluei;
chimney tops, all descriptions, -erected; con-
' irdctor brick &nd -. concrstc work « f owiioatlons
i aud sidewalks specialty;: brick put under old
bulldlngi ; having: my own screws and timbers
' r can go this work cheap and without obedl-'
. *nce to labor' preanlzatlons: estimates" true.';
J. BMITH. _>3r> MU*lnn.or box 260. 31S Bu3h."
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES^— DEATHS; -
Birth, marrlace and death notices eent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either . of ¦ the • publication of flees ;. and ¦ be
indorsed with the name and residence of ¦ per-
eons authorized to have the same published. ••--
B031N. 7
BROWNE— In this city, February 12, 1002, to
. the wife of George C. Browne, a son. ¦-.,"¦ v
~~~~~' _ ARRIED. ' >
ARPLtTNTJ — BOND— In this city. February 12,'
1902, by Rev. J. " Fuendelln*?, 'Ernest Otto
• ried . Arolund and Gertrude Rosa'. Bond.
DUMAS— PARKER— In this city. February 13, ,
1002, by Rev. J. Fuendeling, ,-" James C.
Dumas and Lealia McKexizie Parker. '.
WADE— ROGERS— In this city, . February 12.
' 1002, by Rev. J, Fuendeling, ; James Wade
and Jessie Korers. - •¦SSSMaBSfiSEI
WELZ— GROENINGER— In this city, Febru-
ary l(i, 1U02, by Rev. J. - Fuendeling, Charles
Welz and Henrietta Groenlnger.* ¦ .' ]
..;_-.-¦¦. DIED. r ~~~~~
- Anderson, Neil ' Monks, ~Marj- A. v- -
Uarnard, Stephen ; -Osborn. Frank F...
Brown, Amanda L. Pyne, ; Annie ;E.
Brownins, Anna E. RoeEchmann," Chas,'
Carroll, Patrick Ryan, Daniel
Curts, . Henry - ' . 'Staberg, Hedvie 3.
Dutchles, - Georce ; . Sommers, Peter ¦-
Finale, Teresa C. A. ' Stanley, Annie C. ; -- ;
: Grant, James E. .- Stewart.' M:s. Ann
Heaney, • Minnie J. . Sullivan,". James J. .
Jenkins, Will ; D. Taylor, John \. .-
McGee, Peter Joseph Wallace, Thomas; .'
Magulre, Patrick . Wilhelm, : Mrs. Elise
Meehan, Bridget - .
ANDERSON — in Alameda, February 16, 1002,
Neil Anderson. • a • native o( Denmark, aged
01 years 2 months and 13 days. ¦ .:. :
C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February . 18, at 2 o'clock, ; from his : : late
residence; at 2020 Eagle avenue. ; Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. ¦ .
BARNARD — In the City and County Hospital,
February 15, 1902, Stebhen Barnard, a na-
tive of New York, - aged 39 years. ¦ . .•¦.¦.'
BROWN — In this city, a.t her home, 512 Noe
street; February 15, 1902, . Amanda L., relict
of the late Irason C. I Brown, and mother of
Nellie Brown Felling-, a i_tive of 'Maine,
aged 05 years 2 months and 4 days.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.. ' -
BROWNING — In this city. February 15, 1902,
Anna Elizabeth Browning, a native of Eng-
" land, aged 29 yearo v and 29 days. ". .^ ¦
|_?"Remalns at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertakine Company, 2475 Mission
.street near: Twenty-first. ¦ , .'•"-"
CARROLL— In this city, February - 15, 1902/
Patrick, beloved j husband of Julia j Carroll, •
and father of Mrs. Mary Abrlen, Mrs. W. J.
Murray, Mrs. A. H. Schafer, . Kate Carroll
• and the late John Carroll, a native of County
Mayo, Ireland,' aeed 68 years. -jA . member
of Garfield Post No." 34, 1 and the Stonennish-
ers" Union. • . • v
|_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the> funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from his late rtsl-'
dence, 780 Stevenson street, off Ninth, thence
to St. Joseiih'-s' Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of hi3 soul, commenclnsr at 10 o'clock. - In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery. - :
CURTS — In Columbia, Tuolumne County; Feb-
ruary 14. 1902, Henry Curts/ beloved hus-
band • of Jane M. Curts, • and • father of Mrs.
Harvey Smith and John T..' Frank N. and
, Harry . E. Curts, a native of Canada, aged
06 years 1 month and 8 days. A member of
Memorial Lodge No. 174, A. O. U. W.. "
E?"Interment at Columbia, Tuolumne
County, Monday, February 17. '-.>
DUTCHLER— In Oakland, February i 14, 190J,
George," dearly beloved husband of Barbary
Dutchler, and father of George , and Bernard
Dutchler, a native of Switzerland, :. Germany;
• ared 56 years. ¦. '- - ¦ ' . ...
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are rcsject*
•fully invlteoT t6" altendTthe funeral services"
to-day (Monday), at 2" o'clock, at his. late
residence, 935 Sixty-sacond street/Adeline sta-
tion. Berkeley. Interment Mountain View ;
Cemetery. ' .. V,V -
FINALE — In Alameda, February 15, 1902,
Teresa C. A. Finale, aged 2 months and 15:
days. " \ ;..,- ¦.--¦¦ : ¦;.; v ; ..-'- :'¦•.,; :
GRANT— In this city. February .15, 19(32,:
James E. Grant, beloved brother of Mrs.'. A. ;
Helbach, and uncle of. Mrs. H. A. , Clark and
the late Mrsr. Frank Eaton, a native of >' La
Salle, III., aged 54 years 10 months and 20
days. (San Jose papers please copy.) -
(ETThe funeral will take place Monday, at !
11 o'clock, from the parlors of Porter & j
White, 122 Eddy street. Interment private, j
HEANEY — In this city, at her residence, U4t j
Twenty-second avenue, near Point | Lobes,
February It; 1J5O2, Minnie J., beloved wife of I
Frank G. Heaney, daughter of Mrs.' Mary j
Dowan, and sister of Sister M. Xaveria,
Mrs. J. W. Heaney, Mrs. Charles Harklns, ]
Mrs. Charles V; Lynch and Alice M., Thomas
and Robert E. Dowan, a native of Australia,
aged 35 years and 27 days. |
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited . to - attend the funeral * to-day I
at » o'clock, from her late re&i- ]
•dence, 344 Twenty-second avenue, ¦ between !
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street* i
thence to Star of the Sea Church, Eighth and
Point Lobos avenues, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will: be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing; at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.:. ;
JENKINS— In. this city. February 15," 1902,
Will D., beloved husband, of Emma J. Jen- ;
kins, and father of D.C. and -Will D. Jr.. :
Zula, ; Doris and Buda Jenkins, ;* native of
Pekin, 111., aged 01 . years .» months and 25
¦ days.. • ¦'-¦.'.¦> ,-..' .-.-... :¦' ,
|C Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
-lully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 19. at 11 o'clock, from j the
Masonic Temple,- corner Post and Montgom-
ery streets, " under the auspices of Doric
Lodge No.- 216," F. 'and A. M. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Market : and . East streets. |
MAGUIRE — In this city, February 15, 1902,
Patrick . Magulre, . beloved brother, of Mre.
Irvin and Mary and John Ma gu ire, a native
of County Cavan, Ireland. .. .. ;-.. V . .-,.-:;
. iCFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to ¦ attend the funeral : to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
' of James ( McMenomey & Son," thence - to ' St.
Joseph's Church for services, . commencing at
. 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGEE— In this city, February 15, 1902, Peter
Joseph, beloved son of Peter > and the late
Mary " McGee. and brother of Mrs. Richard
: Rivers, Mrs. B. ~ Hansen and Mrs. Harry
1 Drachbar, a native of San -Francisco, aged 20
years 7 months and 8 days. . . . ;
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend - the - funeral to-day
(Monday),* at 8:30 o'clock, frpm his late resi-
dence,- 153 • Randall street, J near ; Chenery,
', , thence • to St. - Paul's ' Church,- where , a re-
quiem ; high mass will be celebrated ~ for the
repose of his ' soul ' at 9 o'clock. - Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. : ; , .. .-,
MEEHAN— In this v city, February 16," 1902
. Bridget, beloved wife of the late Michael J.
Meehan, mother of M. J. Meehan, Mrs.. P;
H. Norton, . Mrs. Thomas Splain;. Mrs. johii
Quinn and the late : P. L. , Meehan, a .native
.of Ireland, aged 83 years and 4 months. •
liENRYj. GALLAGHER: CO.
(Successor to Flan n a gan & Gallagher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.; opposite Lincoln School. -
' Telephone South 80. "*.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery^
BAN BRtTNO HIL_9. •
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET/
: . . 'J.* HENDERSON,- Man>»w. ' '
' ; KE W F1K Al OF Ui\ Utit<T AKBHS.
.. : Eamuel McFadden.MS years ¦ manager 'for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.J.
McBrearty. with .the same company for IS
"years; P. F.* Green. -late .with J.-dO'Con-
¦ nor — : Co..*" have opened : new Funeral Par-
- lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh '
and EiKhth.': Telephone South 44. <n ;.«¦;.,
JAMBS McGINNv-
' Formerly . with McGinn Bros., : has - opened '
new : Funeral . Parlors at 214: Eddy st. bet. !
;. Taylor and Jones. ..Telephone ; South ;678." ;.:,
REMOVED!
'McGinn ibros;. •' .¦'¦. : .;
FUNEItAL DlKECTORs) w and : EMBALM-
ERK, to „! and 22li McAllister Et. (For-
'merlv-nf-ni'-RAAv «t ' T.I. Kotith 2S«.» - J ¦
RE/VlioVAL NOTYCE.
On and after Feb. ¦ 22, ¦ 1902; we -will .' occupy
OUR OWN BUILDING at ' 1909 Mission st:
bet.' 15th and - 16th. ' TELEPHONE MISSION '
1CW. l CHAS. • H. J.', TRUMAN . _ CO.V Funeral
Directors and Embalmers.; . . .- . ¦ . ../
MONKS— In this city, -i February .16, 1902,
. ¦¦: -Mary ' A.' Monks/j beloved : mother of -Daniel
;" ; , and Katie* Bower, .Mrs. -A. JV Hamilton,: Mrs."
' ' Lenhie > Marshall and Frank ; Monks, • a native
I v - of I Pf.nhsylvanla, '; aeedTC8 ; years | and . 2 • days.",
OSBORN— In */ Oakland,:-; February ,i, 15, ¦¦ i902/.
.'Frank Folser. : beloved husband ; of » Mary * A.
. ; Osborn, father' of Alice, » Hazel and Avis Os-
'" born, ; and : • brother ' of *¦ Mrs. .' C.'-VArt? Wilsey,"
Homer E; Osborn,"; Mrs/' E. W.:-Tasgard,". Mrs.',
. • "W. W. Haskell and . Russell '."W. ; Osborn,".- a
-! native of New.Tork.^aBed^Iyears.-', '../ 7.;
PTNE— In this city. ¦ February '¦ 1C,'- 1902, "Annie
; Elizabeth,-? beloved - daughter - of ; Patrick ' and
'• ths : late • Catherine* Pyne,"- and beloved ' sister.
Vof the> late - Gertrude • Pyne, a" native i of , San
.; Francisco, • aged 1S> years. ,:'•-¦>-.,.-¦*: ._
- : I3*RemaIns at "parlors or James McMeno-
\r mey: &-. Son. 1057 -. Mission:, street, -opposite
; new postofflce. : - ' ,; ... \ ; • ••¦-¦;::.¦.¦
ROE8CHMANN— In Phoenix, "Ariz., ¦; February
15, ; 1002, Charles," dearly ' beloved father. : of
•"•'.' Ida and Isabelle Roeschmann,- a'- native -of
• /Germany, : aged 30 years - 7 months - and . 28
. *. days.' ' ' •*- ¦;-¦."-¦':¦-.'"- ¦ . - - ' - f - .
. ¦ • _yNotlee of /funeral "hereafter. - ;: -¦*
RYAN— In San Diego, ¦ February 13,* 1902/ Dani
" lei, beloved husband of ; the late \ Mary • Ryan,
"a native of Ireland,'- aged , C4 years. ¦, .• . •
- -[cr Friends '.and ijcaualntances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend ' the funeral to-morrow
c (Tuesday), at 7 :S0 o'clock, /¦ from 'the .funeral .'
¦ parlors of '* Carew ¦_¦-. English,-- 29; Van" Ness
' avenue, thence to St. ¦ Ignatius Church," where
" a reoulem .hlgti mass : will 'be -celebrated -I or
' the : reDOse of his. soul, '. commencing - at '• 8 :
" p,'clock. :•": Interment " Holy. Cross ¦ Cemetery, • -:;.;
6EABERG— In '- this city; ",, February 16. ; 1902. ;
¦' ?- Hedvig . Caroline Seabere," :. beloved ; wife .<" of
, j Louis Seaberg, - and > sister ; of Johanna "• Toru-
r gren. " a \ native ¦ of Sweden; i aged , 70 -. years . 1
month and 22 days. - . ' .' ";. ¦¦¦,' -:.-•¦..
SOMMERS— In "'• this " city, November - 16, 1902,:
: -Peter Sommers. anatlve. of New, York, ; aged
,' 51 years and 6 , months. ', : • . 'X'A :¦¦;. > . , ;; i.
STANLEY— -Friends and acquaintances are re-
" spectfully,' invited -to attend a . month' b ; mind
requiem - mact for the repose of , the . soul • of .
-¦ the late Mra. Annie .C.'=. Stanley, .-at --St.: Ig-
I natlus " Church,' -Hayes v street, ;• to-morrow
-¦ (Tuesday) morning, at 9 o'clock., ,.;;;•;.,'
1 STEWART— In ; this city,"- February ¦ 15,', 1902,
. Mrs. Ann Stewart," beloved '..wife of the lati
: J C. '¦• Stewart, and dearly: beloved | mother . of
Mrs; M. • D. -"Holt, . Mrs. • J. D. Murphy,' Mrs.'
l'-'Q.' Crossman, Mrs. : L; B.' Gordon,'. Steven A. !
and^John C-- Stewart, a ; native of . Berwick, ,
-England,, aged 77 years and 15 days., , ;:
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock. " from the " resi-_
; dence of her dausrhter, Mrs. L. , B.", Gordon, -
205%; Guerrero ; street, ..'. corner. . : Fourteenth.
¦ Interment ,'¦ Mount Olivet : Cemetery, . by : car-
¦ :,rlas:e." ¦ v.-. ' •- . ¦• -' '1'--. -;'•;•.- -:-¦.? '¦•-'-'¦ '¦-¦•',
SULLIVAN— In ' this city, February 16,' 1902.
, ; James "J.;. beloved son of John 1 and -the -late
Alice Sullivan,: and brother of Patrick, Wil-;
Ham, Charles and Hannah Sullivan and Mrs.
Minnie- Haserty,, a native . of _. Ireland, ;; aged
• 37- years ¦<» months^ and 1 - 14 .days. '.-:.'¦ ¦:'¦ r
ICTFriends and acquaintances are ¦ respect- •
1 fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
1 (TuesOay). from St. Joseph's Church, where
-a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
; the repose of , his soul, -commencinB:;at . 9
o'clock.- Interment rrlyate. r Please omit
, flowers. . ¦ > '. ¦ -. '•
,TAYLOR— In this city, February ,15, : 1902.
: John, beloved - husband . of Annie • Taylor,' and
- stepfather of ;. Maggie, Mary and -Thomas
Green. Mrs. J. Mclntyre and 1 the late X Mrs.
'David Murnhy, a native of x County Cork,
Ireland, aged 49 years. . x ¦ ': ' : — • ¦;.-.¦¦•." •'•*¦•¦•
' '-'¦ - CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend ¦ the funeral r. to-day,
S (Monday).' at 10 o'clock, from ' his . late resi-_
dence; ' 40V6 ' Gilbert . street, ' ;¦ thence ::to " St.
: Rose'S'Church for services at 10:80 ,0' clock;
-Inteiment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' v , \\ .*."" :% i
WALLACE — In London, England, . Feb'ora'ry.
15, Thomas Wallace.; relict of -the late An-
. nle (Robertson) Wallace, -and beloved ¦ father
of William, -Sterllnsr ¦ and/ Margaret -'Annie
V> r al!ace of Oakland, Cal., a native of ; Dun-
donald," County Down, Ireland,' aged 73 years.
,- 7 month.s'and 4 days. " ¦-- ¦ '•:.'¦'•••¦, '.
WILHELM— In East Oakland, February 16,
1902, ,. at ";. her residence,' 51S , East Twelfth
a street, Mrs." Elise ¦ Wilhelm, .dearly I beloved
mother of Auruste,": Emily. 'Carl; Otto and
" Henry '"Wilhelm and Mrs. T.M. Cox," a na-
tive " of Germany, aired . 77 years 2- months
"and 8 days. ,/¦ / '¦' : •-...'.'
STROSMAYER -Council No!, 4C0, "! Y.' ,M. r I.—
Brothers: - You are • hereby- notified to as-
semble at" Alcazar Hall. 120 O'Farrell street,
.. ; to-marrow; (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock. sharp, for
the. purpose of attending^ the funeral, of -our
late brother, Domenic - Bradasich.- .Wear the
usual funeral badse. ' Fine r for r non-attend-
ar.ee will be strictly enforced.' .'By order ; of
,. ANTONE SCAR. 'President. -
ANTONE PILCOVICH, Secretary. /
FOR HOUSEKEEPDiO.^
ARlK^..anU^oiar"rtate~~025r a.nd 55l Turk *t. ; j
flret-class;- new blUs- '. liousektiepinB suites. . :
BELL, The, 1773 Market— Parlor suite, kitchen."
-gas range, $20; '1 side rooms, gas range, §!:!.'
EDDY. U21 — Handsome . unfurnished parlors; ,
.- * also . furnUhed 'attic for Btudio; light hskpg.
ELIZABETH, - 12— -0 furuished housekeeping
rooms; relereuccs required.. .;
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping In suites
2 or 3. $12 to $20;' also single, f5. j
IiOWARD. 125S. nr. Oth — Suuny rooms, double
- or slr.gle; adults; $0 uy: newly furnished. "-¦"
LAP.KIX, 001, corner Geary — Two sunny front
rooms ana kitchen. . __
OAK" 119 — One sunny basement room; fur-
nlshed for housekeeping; stove; storage; $0."
OCTAVIA. 1211 — Suuny furnished bay-window
room; double and single; kitchen If desired.
i OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Bay- window; buu 1
all day; gas stove; housekeeping complete. - -
BUTTER, S23B— Elegantly furnished sunny
suites; coal or gas; phone; single roomsl
TWENTY-THIRD, 372U, near Dolores — Three
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat and
complete. : ¦ ~- ¦-- ' ''-¦¦ ¦'-¦
CLASSIFIED advertlstmerits and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch otflce. 2200 Flllmore.; I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established - at lOOii
Valencia et. ¦'¦¦:¦
ROOMS TO _12X ITiirn. and I'nfnrn,
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elecant,'
cunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
BRUNSWICK. House. 14S Sixth— Kooni3. '
25c to $1 per night; $1 -5 to $5 per week, and-
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .--.-
ALD1NE. 404 Turk— Small room for gentle-
man; running: water and closet; $1 25 week.'
BURNETT. 142G Market told No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites. _ngle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished Eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH, 329 Powell, cor. Geary — Loca-'
tion moet central; large well-furnished suites
and single front rooms as ofuces;~_.odern im-
provements; electric litrht, etc.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, fl SO night; $1 SO. go wk; open all night, i
ELLIS. 41S, The Plerpont — Beautifully furn-
ished suite: private bath; sun all day; $35.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.,
FULTON. 25. near City Hall— Furnished rooms
to let. - : .
GAGE, 42S Geary — Changed hands; - sunny,
nicely furnished suites and single; reasonable.
GEART, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
• Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
GRANT, 245 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or unfur,; suitable physician or dentist; refs.'
KEARNT. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
JONES, 305 — Sunny furnished rooms; plrone,
gas, bath. . ¦¦ ¦ :
JONES, 402— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
modern conveniences; central location.
LARKIN, 327 — Elegantly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single. ,
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms. ¦
MART. 34A — 3 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; bath and gas; key upstairs.
MINNA, 607, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217, near Third, 2 blocks from Call
— Newly furnished. ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; S2 a week up; 35c a day up.'
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny lurnished rooms and
• offices; elevator: elec. lights: day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 1935— Elegantly furnished front
bay-window room; bath; gas; phone; private.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room- and ladies' par-'
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, *2
to ?S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment • House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, -24 Turk st. ¦,", ' ."..
STOCKTON, 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has b«n - aste^blished at -101)6
Valencia st. : - . • - - ' '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric* lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South S2!).
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — High class hotel; fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
CROCKER. The, 915 Leavenworth-rSunny
rms.; Bin. and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, 626," The Irvingdale — Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
JOHNSON, The. 605 O'Farrell — Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
THE COR3IN, •- 83C Sutter — First-class table
board; terms reasonable. Phone Polk 803.
NIARA. ' 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; : excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
2 SUNNY rooms, with board; first-class home
cooking. 2215 Bush st. ' . '
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED, j
FATHER and young son want homelike room
and plain board with neat Protestant lady,
near night school or near car line leading
thereto. Address S., 615 Larkin st.
ROOMS WANTED.
FRONT sunny rooms; north of Market, -west
of Larkin; not to exceed $10. Box 3985, Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUBI.
RUPTURE^ CURE— TR^ATMENt'fREe]
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market Et.. rooms 5 and 6; new system.-^
., . . SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; teL 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 6th.
ALL' kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-P.ODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
- office Post and Powell sts.; tel: Main 5713. ¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. . 840 Mig-
elon st..: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market Bt.;
tel. Main 1840; (shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
SHERIFF'S SALEr-N. CLARK & SONS (a cor-
poration) plaintiff, 'vs.. WILLIAM PATTER-
SON et aL, defendants; No. 65,825; Superior
Court, Department No. 7. Order of sale and
decree of foreclosure/ Under and by, virtue of
an" ordei; of . Bale and ' decree - of : foreclosure,
" issued out of the Superior. Court, Department
: No. 7, -of the City and County oi San Fran-
cisco, State ¦ of California, on the «th day
of February, A.;D. 1902, . in the above en-
titled action, ' wherein N. - CLARK - _ SONS
<a corporation), the above named piaintlff,-
obtained a Judgment and decree of fore-
closure against WILLIAM PATTERSON,
CAROLINE T. WILLIAMSON (formerly
Caroline Trenholm Butler) and THOMAS
WILLIAMSON, her "lusband, defendants, on
the . 14th day of January, "A. • D. 1902, j which
eald Judgment , and decree was ¦ on , the 16th
day of. Januarjj,- A. D. 1902, recorded- in
judgment book 66. of said court, at page
187, I am commanded to sell all that cer-
tain lot, piece or parcel of "' land, - : situate,
lying, and being in the City and County, of
San Francisco, State - of ¦ California, and
bounded and described ' as follows: . « com-
roencing at a point on the northeasterly line
of, Eighth avenue south, distant thereon, one
hundred ¦ (100) ¦ feet southeasterly ..; from :' the
southeasterly line ' of • N street > south ; - run-
ning thence southeasterly along ¦ said > north-
easterly line of Eighth avenue , south one
hundred ' (100) feet; thence at a right angle
northeasterly , one hundred (100) feet; thence
at a right angle ' northwesterly one hundred
(100) feet, and thenc^at a right angle south-
Westerly one hundred (100) . feet to the point
of commencement, .Public notice is hereby
' given that on TUESDAY, the 11th day .of
March, "A, D. : 1902, at 11 : o'clock a. m. * of
that day, "in front of « the City Hall.'MeAl-
lister street wing. In the City, and County, of
Ban' Francisco. I ' will. In . obedience to , eald
order of eale and - decree of foreclcf ure, Bell
the above, described "property,, or so mucn
thereof : as may be necessary to raise - suf-
ficient money to , satisfy said Judgment, with ;
' Interest and costs, etc.", ¦ to ' the highest and
best bidder, : for lawful money of the United
¦ States.. . ' ' "-"¦" .'-" •-' " ¦¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ '. ; • ¦ ¦ -¦¦'.¦
- -.- , JOHN LACKMANN. Sheriff. .
San Francisco, February. 17,'. 1902. .- ¦¦•- '•'¦ ¦ ¦• ¦ .- - ¦- -'. vs - ¦,.-.•- ••¦• -.- ¦¦.¦¦- 1. • . ¦ -....'•.¦ •
MASTER AND SOME OF THE .SHIPWRECKED, CREW OF THE BRIT- '
ISH BARK SAVERNAKE.'WHOJaRRIVED: HERE YESTERDAY! FROM
THE SOUTH SEASON THE STEAMSHIP" ZEALANDIA.
Stole ,a v Sealskin ? Sack;
Antone Silva.'an ex-messenger;boy,*:was
arrested , last } night by Detectives Ryan
and, O'Dea "and charged withrgrandjlar
ceny.v Friday /night," It is^clalmed.-.he "en
tered i the {room; of 'Mrs. MSchaeffer t at 504
O Farrell" street and stolea'valuable'seal
skin.'satft,, which 1 he' sold* tot Ed? Meyers,'
a promoter; of ; amateur prizefights,*; for ?3
: Meyers "was also taken into, custody and
will" be ¦:, charged ' with receiving > stolen
property.:- ' ¦ .;• u--. : . •;- ,
' The general committee r of '< the \ St. . Pat
rick's day convention. 'and; celebration; met
yesterday afternoon at the Knights of the
Red Branch Hall, 1133^Mission , street, 'a
; large : number of ' delegates' from ; Irish • so
cieties being present. «v. • V.'- -.
J. . S.'McCormick, "chairman of rthe , con
vention- committee,: presided, * arid\ B. ¦ J.'
Lowe..- acted . as ; secretary^ C Owing -to the'
executive committee not being ready/- to
report the ¦ members | of ¦ the committee Us-'
tened to a speech by. General: Snyma'n,.: an
officer ; who .served j with: thp. Boerr'arihy.*
Snyman was given a hearty -welcome, 'andi
he. thanked ; those present 1 forr/the',recep
tlon accorded to ; him-, and- also "for- the
sympathy of the Irish- peop.e; with -.the
Boers in .their, fight against England. 8$ .:> ••
c When " the ¦ executive' ' committee 1 arrived 1
;it presented its report to the'general'cdm'-'"
imittee of the convention.' -Acc6rding';' to
the report, of the: executive, committee
plans, were decided upon toehold" the' St.-
Patrick's day ; celebration 1 at - Wood ward's-
Pavilion, afternoon and- evening.'. The
committee , announced -that iit\would> pre
pare a monster • programme for:-the ¦; two'
meetings, to consist of addresses,' Blnging,^
dancing and Irish games. The orator ; 6l
the day.wlll.be Re v. ¦ P.; C.-Yorke. "A;cor
dial invitation was : extended ' to FSnyman.'i
the Boer officer, to.attend the' celebration"
and; to deliver an address during jthe day."
. The i report - of the executive : committee;
.was adopted and .further time was: grant-;
ed to the body to; make; its preparations,^
and- report atr the. meeting.. 1 to:: be' held"
next Sunday afternoon at 1133 ; Mission
street. •_• ¦. ••.-'., -; ¦,.„;; -j- -;•;¦.-¦- '.*¦;-¦¦*'¦¦¦. -.¦.
- The proceedings --'of '•'.¦" yesterdays closed",
with a prayer delivered in the Gaelic Ian-:
guage by the chaplain of the c'pmmlttee: A;
Monster Programme Is
Promised for; St/JPat-"
rick's Day. -
MRS. TEMPLE'S
MISFORTUNES
Collides With- a Hack
• 'and Suffers Painful,
Injuries.:
..; i'. *,-'-V.' '•'*-' : ;-.'..-' i ' ; .' '-- ¦ •••' '.<¦<¦ 'I ¦¦ ¦'..• ."
Clara . McD erm ott Tries
to Kill Hersielf on
Pacific Street.'
Clara McDermott, a . handsome young
woman,. attempted to commit suicide" last
night in a lodging-house on Pacific street,
near.' Montgomery, by inhaling. Illuminat
ing gas. Shortly -after 8 o'clock she-en
tered her room, and' afterj securely fast
ening the door and windows turned on \he
gas. She; then lay down on' the - bed. and
awaited death. .-. ' . .'•;¦ ,
The smell' of. the escaping' gas 'attracted
the attention of the \ landlady, who, sus
pecting something. wrong, called, in; Police
Officer Joy. Unable'- to; gain an admit
tance, "Joy broke down" ihe door. - The
room was filled wlth.eas that flowed from
two - burners. ~ .---.-.-- - ~ .-_.../„. .._ . .
The woman at first pretended to be un-,
conscious," but when* the officer started, to
carry her j Into the * hallway. 1 she remarked
that she was "all right" and could walk.
Seeing that • she was • not . suffering from
the effects of the gas, Joy took; her to the
Cit" Prison/.whereshc^was^charged !wlth
vagrancy.'^J^ '^asQwesa©!^ - ' "• ¦ ¦-...:>.
Io Matron Fabian Miss; McDermott said
that she did not attempt to , commit : sui
j cide, the gas. having been: accidentally
i turned on. -Afterward she told one of the
kpriFon officials that she .was tired. of. life
l^nd, wanted t to die.' : She-; will ibe-given a
j: chance to explain- her conduct ' to Police
j Judge - Mogan to-day. -. . - - - '". ; ; -
Real estate In some localities f is as
cheap as dirt. [•'¦:_¦-, ••;.; v s
The, Zelee carried all hands. to Papeete
where,' ;on February. 1, ithey < boarded > the
Zealandia for this port.' ¦ • '.-'¦--, . • —
'I '•¦'-The. men will ,be^ paid ,off, just- as v soon
,;as Captain Toole gets into communication
with the^ov/ners.t Toole .will re
.,turn-to England as quickly as .possible. -
i-The .Savernake f was ., an iron -vessel of
1337 tons register. ; She was built i in 1863
I W Richardson,- Duck : <Kr Co. of Stockton,
Kngland, and -was -owned ; by the Saver
nake : Company;"; Limited. Following} are
¦ the names. of the shipwrecked .mariners:- ¦
- John ' Snolle, ; Albert " : Johnson. ; Peter • Hanson
• George Couch. Stephen Phillip's. ; Francis Hoop
er, Charles Johnson,', - John -- Hanson,*"-' James
; ; Charlton, ¦ John : Moore;: John -E. Reynolds, Knut
| Johanson. John Kelly, Kenneth McDonald. Al
;bert:E.Blundell and-Frederick t St.i Hill
Zelee Takes Crew to Papeete.
" : . ¦ ¦"•.' ' ' ''¦ : ' '' i ¦-¦'-."/ « ':'.. ¦ • \ .'. ¦ '
" Tahiti. The - arrival of the ¦ French - gun
boat' .-.''Zelee, v- however, .rendered the
schooner's "services ¦.¦:-' ~
- The.-officef- 4 of -; the* Zelee had theard-of
. the 'plight ; of , the Savernake's' crew- from
the - mate. .of -the. wrecked I ship. Getting
no wordifrom Captain Toole} the /mate
and three of -the sailors started •-out on
their own" account' for' Papeete. - They
; were, picked .up by ; , the schooner . Maurice
.about 200 miles from -their destination and
. by'.her. taken , to Papeete, where they re-
: ported the .wreck- of ; the » Savernake.: and
asked ; assistance for; those remaining on
the reef.'., •* -.¦¦,.:,-¦¦- .¦¦ - - = '*-.¦ ¦-•-.•;•.¦•
MAKING READY
TO CELEBRATE
Captain Tolle, with two men, left Rio
December 17, In a small boat in search? of
assistance. He had learned of; schooners
that were due at Manga Reva, an island
300 miles distant. They reached "Manga
Riva on the third day, having beendriven
the whole 300 miles by a series' of -'tierce
squalls. no available -vessel > at
Manga Reva, ] Captain Toole f decided -'= to
continue his cruise ; as far as;,Tabiti,' 1200
miles distant. Y, It was against the. French
law, however, for an open; boat to leave
the barbor,.so he was compelled ¦ to wait.
A trading vessel arrived January^ 10 and*
the skipper offered, • f or'j $1000, : to -pick .up
the shipwrecked crew and takethemto
Captain Goes for Assistance^
From . November 14 until January 17,
when the French gunboat Zeiee' arrived
at' Rio and took, them aboard, -the ship
wrecked mariners lived- on : the : natural:
products of the island. -They .> found it;
poor fare, and when rescued' were greatly
reduced in flesh. . They were all 'blessed
wltn; good health, however. There' had
been : no accidents in getting ashore ¦ from'
the wreck,- and barring a weariness .: of
cocoanut diet,; it was .a pretty fit "look
ing ship's company that arrived -In Pa
peete on the Zelee. ' .
turned out to be Clerment Tonnerre - or ; Rio,"
as the natives call it.' My -chronometer V was.
greatly to error and had taken me about thirty
miles out<o£-my course. , r -¦ » ?¦-. ¦.
TIRES OF LIFE,
TURNS ON GAS
Here we found swarms of natives, who were
friendly enough toward us and were already
engaged in getting . ashore' some of the ship's
effects. With their assistance we managed to
save a few stores, but the- sea' had done its
work well. The cabin was practically washed
out. The ship's papers, and all my personal
effects wer-i lost. I did save, the ship's chro
nometer, however, and upon '.testing it soon
found out why we had hit the island, which
We ret the boats ready for • launching, and
when It was seen that the vessel was rapidly
filling they were lowered. We stood by the
ship until daylight, - when we found the . seas
breaking entirely over her. . Natives, by signs,
directed our- course to a* landing place. .We
»ot ashore and all hands made for. the scene
of the* wreck. ¦ ¦ > .:'-.-. .
Natives Were' Friendly.
That's how the sailormen speak of the
adventure. The story of the last, voyage
and loss of the Savernake and of the sub
sequent tribulations of the bark's com
pany was told yesterday . by Captain
Toole. He said:
We left San Francleco on October 9 -with a
cargo of barley. We were bound for the Eng
lish Chenr.el for orders. . All went well until
November US; wfrrn v.e* found ourselves in the
vicinity of I tne Paumotu group of the Soclety
Islands. in f eggy wrathcr and with very un
eatisfactory v/imis I tiiea , to get some .'stel
lar oyistrvations that : r.rsht. but the sky. was
toa overcast. A - cIof«> lrokout was kept . for
land and the . r«itont lpg was in constant use.
There wan" a cry, "Land to leeward." shortly
after midnight. I jumped on deck, . saw .' the
laid, ordered the helm down and mainsails
clewed up. The vessel came around on I the
starboard tack, the fore and -main sheets were
hauled aft, but the. ship's stern touched the
reef, the breakers sent the \ vessel broadside on
and she began to bump heavily. ' .
"Two months on a blooming coral reef
with a lot of black beggars that used to
be . cannibals, arid looked - as. if they'd
blooming well like to 'scoff' us anyhow
if we only gave them half a chance." • j
"Sixty-two days on cocoanuts and shell
fish, and the shell doing us more. harm
than sood. . J . '• :
ys^ APTAIN FREDERICK TOOLE
f[ and crew of the British bark Sav
11^ .. ernaie, which left here for Eng-
land . October . 9, ¦ were passengers
on the steamship Zealandia;" which
arrived yesterday from; Tahiti.. .The bones
of the Savernake are bleaching on a coral
reef in the . South j Pacific, and j the : men
that manned, her w-hen' she sailed., from
this port have been through a. Robinson
Crusoe-Swiss . family Robinson experience
that will give them materialfor conversa
tion for the rest of their lives.
last night. The hall was prettily decor
ated with red, green and white bunting
and flags. The costumes were many and
varied. The grand march was partici
pated in by gome 250 couples. Seven
valuable prizes were awarded. The com
mittees in charge were:
Executive — G. laccherl, president; P. Castag
netto, vice president;- KNute. secretary; F.
Mil&nl, R. vannuci, L. Ghlelmettl. G, Gas
peri and J. Tava. directors.
Reception — G. laccheri; G. B. Celle. F. Mi
lanl, G. Pellegrini, L. Ghlelmettl, A. Slml. R.
Vessonl R. FordelH. II. Belli. 6. Belli.
Ball— -V A. Grondona. floor manager; G. Ca&
lierl M D.; Cav. G. Caleraris, G. Marslli. L.
D BaclraJupl. M. D.: F. N. Belgrano. A.
Xarfiinl. C. Barsotti. M. D. ; G. Musso and G.
de Barblerl. assistants.
Carnival of Venice.
A grand Carnival of Venice was given
by the Bersaglleri Building and Hall As
sociation at Washington So.uare Hall
O. G. Mattat, a cigar merchant at 316
Montgomery sueet, reyorted to the police
jtstviuay morning tua.c while nearins "tub
i,ume' at stii Greenwich street Friday
i.mLi, Miortly utter l'J o'clock, he passed
iii*ec ineii, une ot whom presented a re
\ Mver at his ¦ head ana ordered him io
Larow up his hands, jvlattat. under the
ultjiuite of the moment, struck at the foot
i,u'j. \\:th his umbrella and yelled lustily
i or help. The highwayman became
ii.iihiciic-d a.i*d starieu to run away, 'fol-.
i«.».eu hy.his two companions. »iatuit
jiiiined to xns residence, whicn. was only
u iuw yards away, and Just as ne reached
iii« <ioor tne looti-iaci witn the revolver
lurned around uiid nred a ehot at him. but
the bullet fortunately trussed him.
j-uuiis rteese, a marine llreman, "was ar
restea about S o'clock yesterday morning
by Policemen Joy and O'Brien and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of at
tempting to commit robbery. The com
]>;aming witness against him is John
risher, who lives at 526% Pacific street.
l«"isher was in his room shortly before
midnight when Beese entered, the door
being unlocked. Reese caught Fisher by
the throat with one hand and with the
other tore out his trousers' pockets. Be
fore he could get any money or other
valuables some one approached Fisher's
room and Reese ran away. Fisher noti
fied the two officers and they arrested
Reese, who was identified by Fisher.
Attempting to Rob
John Fisher.*
Louis Reese Is Arrested for
Sends a Bullet After C. G.
Mattat Who Escapes
Unhurt.: I
ANGRY FOOTPAD
TRIES TO KILL
GREWSOME FIND
ON OCEAN BEACH
Revolver Picked Up With
Note : Signed
¦" ; "Bennett." I
Effort' to Create a, Belief That
Murderer Attempted. ¦
Suicide. ".:.'
Only -Reliable Coal Dealers
Bell : Tesla Briquettes^ $9 \ per. ton. . Best and
cheapest »fuel; for- kitchen, and "grate. Phone
South 05; about- them..' ¦' -¦•>. ¦ '.-; , '. •
ELECTION ¦-. CAUSES CBTIB--, ; 'V '-<:f:
, ; v AMONG CAVALRYMEN
Members 'of . Troop ' A . Are Excited
Over the ¦ Contest for a ' v' '¦¦
;: ' ' Lieutenancy. ,. > '
In all. the history of Troop A; First Caiv
alry,'. Nationals-Guard J of California, no
election campaign has been fraught .with
greater/ interest/ and ! excitement -than - the
one noW'inV progress.,. It is only a mat
ter\ of 'the 'selection; of a first, lieutenant,
but the troopers are divided against them
selves and promise a political battle with
out'parallel in .this recent season of mili
tia": serenity. >. - •¦- ,:
; The fight for the military position is be
tween 5 First Lieutenant; C;; F. ; Wells and
EJA: Pierre, an; officer of equal title but
¦ of : junior grade. \: Wells is one '. of ¦¦ the old
iNational Guardsmen and served conspicu
' ously, in Light 'Battery, A long before . that
organization was ; converted into a cavalry
•command.*" Pierre, is; also. credited with a
good record in the State service.;The elec
tion awill -' be ?-, held ' Wednesday «.- evening.
Wells \ appears to ;be in the forefront- of
;the \ running,: but a. deal of- campaigning
is going, on and the result is yet a. matter
of conjecture.' :¦ ' : .. ' ~.
' -, ;•- ; ¦¦„•«¦¦ ¦ ? ¦ *' "
; Game -in 'season .for lunch at: Cafe Zin
kand properly : r cooked, properly servedi ?
- Flynn Caught in Berkeley.
, Martin Flynn,'^ who was t recently, indict
ed.by,; th'e '• Grand ~ Jury for, ill-treating] a
iwoman named Mrs.*. Kilbourn, 1 was 'arrest
ed yesterday In Berkeley by Deputy: Mar r
shal ¦ Preston." He was i over ¦; to
this' side of v the bay- .last evening ; and
locked; up in -the - City Prison. - Flynn
claims * that - he was stopping : with ¦ some
relatives in -Berkeley .and intended to sur
render 'himself •'¦ to-day.. Y. ' ,' ' '". *¦
•TnJE^SAN'^R^Njcf S^ > 17^,;f 902;
10
SH IPWRE CKED S A ILORMEN SUBSIST
SIXTY DAYS ON A COCOANUT DIET
Captain and Grewc of the -British^B
on; -the Steamship Zealan
at Sea v Hardships; on a T Goral Is^nH'va
, A costly. marble, monument; starids-in" a 1
fashionable; cemetery* at Seattle,"-^ Wash.?
sacred to the, memory of a faithful horse.
The • animal's 1 owner j was • himself ?, buried
beside 'the 1 horse, recently.- - .,..':'>•• <
. " The :Wghi yrind>knd a small boy 'at the
handle,!: of-, a. big .umbrella created! havoc
at tne corner, of; Sixth , and Market streets
( last nlgnt (and f incidenfally? 4 w"as)responsi
ble for, painful 'injuries ; received by'MrsJ
Vvarner. Temple,; wife of 'alocal attorney,
i Mrs.^Tempje's'' son,' .'aged^ four ;; took* an
.exciting* nae ; before "the wind, dangling
,atitne end'.jafhls'mamma's "umbrella, and
'fs a- result;of :her,..frantic efforts to stay,
;the rJ jiight of-,her»s,on ere he ' was iwal'ted
.over tne neighboringfhousetops' thej brave
m^lf -> W M ; S art^ ' oil ;to \ the >: Receiving
HospltaMn;the ambulance, 1 to' be Urea ted
tor . severe contusions i and - : bruises ¦ sus
! tamed -in being, iun- over by; a carriages ¦,;'¦
'^•H s " elnl>le ' and '' ner i' son '- Were 'Crossing
Market street -.when; a terrific gust of wind
aw.ept up". Sixth , street.vlaften having, left
fl 1 VSprts '; of -.desolation . in . Its , wake <, from
;the .time •:, it V' lef t' ' ; Butchertown rtuntil < i t
j seized ¦ youthful ..Mr. \ Temple J and -the <¦ urn
;brella. ,'A.' part.: Qf .the' mighty< gust filled
•;£ e ••¦. u v n^? r A 1 « a .'.a n d.'" it, : shot •.•skyward": with
¦the;, youth dangling, on . the 1 : end i like a
,professional:par.achute.Jumper.-.' ; •- • ' v •
I ; Mrs.v^Tempie;- made '. frantic J efforts ' to
pasp^er^ son's; legs to prevent ihim'belng
• landed • on ' the ,top ; of j the ' Donohoe I build
ijnD-.*and'in Jdoing, so ,she' missed'.herj foot
ing and*,fellUo , the' pavement. 1 -. *A passing
carriage ,; ran:; over ;*i her, dislocating ¥ her~
snouider and. causing a lacerations of: her
ileftchqek.'andjmanyibrulseg.^Thel youth
rode^about tenvfeet'in?the'tairton the lm
:prQyised f balloon-andithen-he let- go of. the
umbrella handler-'v He landed on : the ' pavc^
ment .with'<*.-. : thud;' but '¦ picked- himself .' uo
immediately arid,-) laughed, as! if he '• had
: .H^?.n. " avlng a ' rea 1 ;- good .. time. - '¦.':.-,--. •¦
Pictures and : Frames.
...January j this,' year; has '.been -the best
January .we > have "ever {known ¦:, in r the
frame business.'jOvir. new 'moldings .please
everybody.^ that* has //seenathem. , both in
style • and , priced Any fone l.wlshlngs to buj
either^ pictures * or frames; should - see « th€
new. things »at" our 'store. f <Sanborn,',Val]
&',Co.v;741*Market:strfiet. : - -,v-. ¦¦-%¦,;':': . '.• ¦.'
'"¦¦'•¦¦•¦.•.¦¦ ¦¦¦•*.•;-— — ¦ — • m » — - — — — '-•• . ¦ v'
Present ;.tb.e Power": of /Labor.
• -The }j four-act ; ;drama; iVeritltled.e-V'The
Powerjof '.Labor", Vi :wa.s,» given! for; the i eec-
r ond5tim'etla"st- nighfby;,thei local ''labor
, unions \ at \ San i Francisco i Turn ' Hall;": 325
Eddy, street, s The * play,: will • be '; repeated
;again on; Sunday,'' February, 23.",%'- ''-' >• -;•
'•';¦¦ .".'• ¦ ' ' .¦¦:'..' ... '. ...",* ,*,*'.' . . .- -. V ¦ . ' ¦
y Trapper's OH "cures rheumatism and neuralKlal
DrueelstB. " 60c '¦ flask. | Richard " Jc Co^ \ 406 Clay.
; :Two; young men who -were ' strolllnc on
ithebeach'yestemaj'Viounu'a^cneayTrevbl
jver,' ¦ half ', burled ; m tile ¦ sand/ ujuI a note
; attached I to % it , ¦', bearing ', toe j name • • 'JUen
nett.'V.'/rhe*find indicates"; either^thewurk
'of ', a' practical joker or' tnac . tuts rauraei er
:fof flittleJfNora ' \b"uuer; attempted to'taist;
hls'pwn life. '¦'%¦ • ' ,
"J Theodore':- Peterson, ; a ,- young - man . em
ployedTat the 'Kisuon- Iron -"Yvorka, and. j?'.
U. ".. Phelps,* "bl* gnprnan oh ¦'. the "McAllister
\ street line, residing ; at : 8W Central avenu»,
: f ound i the ; revotver v and : iiote.' , The i wea
pon 't was i half ' buried ' m • tne sand: on J tne
1 ueachaoout half ainliesoutn of: the set
tlement • known <• as ]'•¦, Carville. 'it 3was '. a
cheap ¦ double K action twenty-two * caliber
affair : of 'Bo&ton bulldog make; and; con
.tain'ed v - f our i car trldges ,"". one ' of ; whicn . had
been' exploded." It was neavily coated with
rust, and* the barrel.-: cylinder,; and all the
mechanism *,were*-fiiled T <:wJth sand. ¦ v,--\
-.-.Tucked between ;; the ¦ and '." the
guard was a wad ' of i paper, .which might
have^been torn -from s a Email" note ;book.
The paper'was stained -withirust from its
contact s with: the metal ancf.cloaeiy. folded.
In removing the' paper it' .was 5 badiy : toi n
I on";' one r of <. the » corners '. and . the ? missing
particles, were lost. V The paper bore a
message written in pencil in ra. bold ;back
; hand, .which, * as ¦ far ." as it i could '- be deci
i phered, 'twas as follows:- ; , :
; When this ¦ Kun - la found I will ' be dead: I
have repent '•. . . • .. ' * * I . pass ; from - this
world : cursed and •; • ; coured -by,, all. : ¦;
11 The : initials' of the signature'' were torn
off, - but the name "Bennett' 'was plainly
decipherable." Below ¦ the - word .'"Bennett"
were the live letters "uller," but the -."*"'
¦ was ; torn off .. .^ ; . - : * -
, One of .the young men said in regard to
the'find:.-: :. ;- , v .'¦:¦ .. . .
-¦ VWe first looked on' the matter: as'- a 'joke,
but remembered we had read in a morn
ing ¦ paper v that A:' H. ' Brown,', proprietor
of ; the | Oyster I Bay restaurant on | JSlgntu
avenue and Fulton street,- had seen a man
who appeared , to '•; be injured in ? the head
at his place on .the "morning. of January
12, and that the mysterious stranger re
sembled ; the description of the ¦ murderer.
We ; at' once realized . that there might; be
some connection between the finding, of
the revolver and the; story of Brown, and
determined Ito '.make our discovery- public
in hopes ° that : It might aid in , sol ving the
mystery ;of .- Nora . Fuller's murder." -
The size: of .; the 'revolver and cartridges
and: the handwriting on: the note all seem
to point to ¦ the conclusion '< that the evj
dence was placed' on ..the beach by some
one- who -iwas, desirous i of perpetrating a
hoax. .The • cartridges are <¦ of BB size and
do not . contain • enough * powder-, to inflict
a serious wound: unless helcj to some part
of^ the | bpdy '¦ which . offers | a -minimum re
sistance. • .The handwriting, ' while plain,
does not seem 1 to | resemble in any | manner
that of the man who signed the name C
B. Hawkins to > the real estate dealer's
book, i or, who inserted, the advertisement
in a morning newspaper.,, ' ¦. , \. '-.-.
Gradually the! police are coming to the
theory i.that the man who is responsible
for the death of Nora Fuller is either a
traveling man ;. from, the - East, -or a
resident of .some of the; towns close to
San .-, Francisco, who is of such standing
in : his home community * as to" entirely
escape suspicion. ; They are also inclin-
In.T • to the belief ' that : he had • no - inten
tion of destroying ' the , child's life when
he: 1 lured her ito the, Sutter-street house,"
but merely • desired to satisfy ¦, his lust.
Despite ? the ;. verdict of the ' autopsy sur
geon they, doubt that the, girl's death was
due | to strangulation, % but , incline ; to the
belief i that - she ' expired from shock and
hemorrhage, combined - possibly with
chloroform; poisoning.'; The Inquest is ex-"
pected . to } reveal - some details ¦ of the
autopsy surgeon's report that have not
been made public. V . , ;
ViL-...:.- .-.'.-_. AJVEBTISSMENTS. • _ N
EXTRA QUALITY
20-Inch BLACK TAFFETA OCW Vftr,!
silk ................... bocYaro
2a-Inch BLACK TAFFETA 7C ft Vnrfi
SI LK (Guaranteed) . . .... . . . . . ( JJ{J | 3| y
, 23-Inch BLACK TAFFETA QC ft Vorrl
"SILK (Swiss manufacture). .... ODG I al 0
22-Fnch BLACK TAF- OS fin Vftrrl
FETA SILK (Guaranteed).. dl.UU lalQ
27-Inch BLACK TAF- 01 nnV«rfi
FETA SILK . ... ..... OIiUU Y3rO
24- Inch BLACK TAF- 01 a C VnrA
FETA SILK;(Guaranteed):. 5I.1D lalQ
36-Inch BLACK TAF-OIOKVftrf!
feta silk: ...... ..olizD i aiO
42- Inch BLACK TAF- 01 Etl Vnrrl
FETA SILK. .51.511 I am
We will also show "-, this week an elegant col-
lection ,of FANCY SILKS in all the newest
¦¦ • stules and colorings for, Spring, 1902. /
Mall 'orders promptly and capefullu executed,
and samples forwarded free • to any addressi
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121; POST STREET.
I 8CU38EKS. B0WZN * CO'S SPECIAL SA7IX8 SA&3
Be e r
Eyerard — made from nintq A 1 1 c
Canada malt-Kg'Iy P mis iP I 35
$1 55 dozen-$2 35 doz quarts 2 io
R y e whis k y
Old mellow — ner
reg'ly $1 bottle- 7 j
: $4 gal— ; $3
M a 1 t w his k y
Wm Penn— reg'ly $1 bottle \ _ rtm
Duffy -"85c "• \ 75 C
Mo s e 1 1 e wine
-German hock tye doz pts $250
California dry white wine " qts 4
reg'ly $3-5-5150 gallon I
B ran d y
California— private stock— « T .«
1883— the best our state * *
produces— reg'ly $t 50 bot-$6 gal 4 5°
T oilc t s o a p ,
Melba— large cakes — 40c
, Reg'ly 50c box 1 doz : ' « f or j , c
T o i 1 e t water
Roger & Gallet— France— r O r-<T
12 odors-formerly 55c-5i 10 bot^ T*
T a 1 cum, po wd er
Lady Jeanette— 3 boxes 25c
CATALOGUE
The^ largest grocery price list
publishcd-illustrated-free for
a postal BB
432 Pino. 2S2 Sutter.2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets; Oakland
0cuIarium i
' s ';Has:"a professional frame fit-
- #ter" fop^ whose ex- ert" service j
in adjusting or fitting; eys-
glssses and soectacl.'s tSera is
absolutely no charge.
. BRA. "• • \*n t9 1^^^ -^«^4 i
P. A. McbpNALD.
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sals to famllle*
and to tba trad» at reduced rates.
HI Tr nnill I Corner Kounn anJ
Arr HllYJl :^k*if*™
• vaUtea chocked fr««
Weak Men :and WonieiL
CHpULD CSE DAMIaVa BITTEKS; THE?
:^-» .Great Mexican Remedy; elves health antt
•t«B«tix ta lexuaJ orsaas. Depot. 3S3 iliritfc
BDWEN
.% CD
LENT
Here you will find a variety-
of fish for . this season af-.
fording something new and
different every day
Monday Tnesday Wednesday 1.
Pa s \h a G o f feel
Some like it better than 2 lbs C Cc
" Java & Mocha reg'ly 35c lb 3 ?
G h u tne y
: Famous Bombay condiment— pts q oc
piquant— appetizing— Y J .' .
reg'ly 40c 60c bottle qts 50c
Can n e d f r ui t
1 Alcalde— all kinds but '
cherries and berrirs .• 3 for COC
reg'ly 2CC2K lb can -
B a kin g^ p o w d e r
Excelsior— good— reliable „..
reg'ly 35c lb can ¦ . »> .
S a r d i n e s
French— extra value— 2 for "I CC
reg'ly 20c— large can . ;
V i g or choc o 1 at e
Kraft Germany— medicinal r re
.rroperties — reg'ly 65c lb 5 5 r ;
. Mustard
' French^reg'ly 20c bottle o'for icp
ready to- use. 2 ror^35^
Luc c a o i 1
, Direct importation—^ gal can $ 1
reg'ly$t 25— $225- - gal: I 90
B r o o k t r o u t
• ; Serve hot or cold— ' '-i _
reg'ly 25c-f-2 lb can ¦
S h r imp s
German-^-extremely* ; „ r_ ¦ _ _.
¦dainty fish-reg'1 25c'can 2 ror 35C
S H a ",d , :
Columbia river— a fish novelty— J _ '
• reg'ly I2#c can IOC
R a is in s.
. j crown layers—."-. -, ; .' .'*
¦"'"ea'ly 75C-5 lb box— desssrt fruit oc .
, C;h e e s -e
•Club House— rich' -. . ¦> for -?rr
"old cheese^paste form- . J ¦ Z?J
f reg' |y 100—3 5c jar 3 oc
Ferris ha m
Best in the world lb 19c
S o a p p o wd e r
Kleeno— cuick— washing ,
compound^-reg'lyj-iilb ¦ -4.for.2cc
pacKages25c \- J
S ;t u f f e d o liiy e s
tnndi-=with pimlentos . >\ bot IOC
NEW ADVERTISEMEiyrS?; v . ,
STERTLIZED BARBER SHOP.
A Famous -Shop . in the. Carrollton
H6tel,' : Baltimore, ., Maryland, v
.The barber shop, in -the ; Carrollton .Ho-
tel, .Baltimore, sterilizes'., everything *'> It
uses In .the shop. The " sterilizing •' is
done by heat. . The towels,' the .razors,
the strops, /the soap, . the ¦ -combsi ' and'
brushes ; are : all • sterilized-^ before • ¦ belngr
used ¦- on a : customer. ;, Where "; there » is f no
Bterllizatfonir have thes barber- use New-
bro's • Herpicide.' It kills , the/ dandruff
. germ. 5 and it '. Is , an> antiseptic i for i the
scalp, and;- for. the* face 1 : after, i shaving.'
All leading . barbers . everywhere appre-
ciate these . pote»t facts about 'Herpicide
and they. use. it. --"Destroy.- the •¦' cause,'
you remove the. effect.' • ". : •
ATJVEBTISEMENTS.
CHEBEBEEHEEEaBBHBHHBiRia
BO : rOm
I WALK- !
I OVER I
I SHOES -I
I FOR I
1 WOMEN. I
1 m i
£i /7ifrf'irm7~\ m
a 0JlM[j-\ m
h v*Y m'.\ ¦
« //' V^- » In ,^k ¦
e . a
El On Wednesday, February 19th, g
n we invite the ladies, of San n
mm Francisco to call at our store j£
•J i and Inspect the new. WALK- S
™ OVER Shoes for Women. There 2
is win be an exhibition of over 13
BE 100 different In which ¦
3B are Included all manner of O
g Women's Footwear, from the B
y delicate, dainty dress ' boot to m
~ the stronger mannish lasts. m
S They are sold direct from our S
g factory, and at the uniform S
2 price of 53.D0. They are all **
B turns or welts, with the latest. B
E2 improved insole> The line was B
m awarded the Grand Prix * at B
m Paris in 1901. Remember— at n
p this store the "Special Sales m
SJ Days" are every day In the S
g ' year. The goods are honestly ~
J^j made and are sold close. They *>
H always satisfy, and the price is H
B always the same — $3.50. We B
gj wish every lady In San Fran- B
g cisco could call at our store m
m Wednesday, and to those who * m
„ do we will present a bunch of m
t fresh California violets. ¦*
1 F. F. WRIGHT I
a IB
S 924 Market St, g
8i Opposite Emporium. H 1
BC — ¦ — —OB
jaBlMiaBlBllBBBBBBllMl
DR.PIERCES I
GOLBEW
MEDICAL
FOR THE .
) RLOOD.LEVER. LUNGS.
SB BB R ff^ Ammcmtiwi and Sportlnx
fe ' E»K fv" OoodK. Largest htock. Ljw-
£ B Cwl *' st JJrlcts - ' L'ntil olos» of
B BlVI ¦ hunting eeason will ofTrr
W K U \S Eur ' E at reduced price*.
(Send ¦ for catalogue.
BhREVE 4 BAttBiR CO
738 Mtrt»t St ml 611 g»ray gt \
\A/. X. HESS,
fiOTAKT PUBLIC AHD ATTOEHET-lT-LiW.-
fenth ITloor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bid*.
MWBHatttey Telephone Main 983.
ftesldetiec, 821 Calif crnia et., below PdwelL \
Betlieace Telepboae. JamealSOl. '
; New Large Importation of
46 BALES
PERSIAN |§|§
V WILL ] BE ' SOLD AT
Miiilii
— -^-COMaiENCI^Q— — .
TO-DAY; MQNDAY,
AND*I)AILT AT 2P.1L
SALE - ABSOLUTELY .WITHOUT RESERVE
BUGS ' GUARANTEED . I TO '.; BE i , NOT DOC-
, . TORED , OR . CHEMICALLY {.TREATED. ."
All interested in Oriental ¦ Rugs, whether' In-
tending t to ,buy : or. not, - are ' cordially ; Invited to
attend I the . opening • of this I grand I sale I to-mor—
fow.at-2!p.{in.-" , ' ;. •
COME, SEE, HEAR and JUDGE FOR. YOUR-'
¦¦:. '."': -V-' ['¦:.¦ ¦¦'¦¦ [ ".^-. :i SELF.'V_-.
j : " ¦ m; b> jwi h ran,
qOO^pnOTCT. «^HAR POWELL 4 ,"
vyt. I cO 1 1 Opposite Union Square;