Continued ioniPagej. Two. ?;
fgm ¦ ijjyiiitl' liL-
\ , Continued on Page Four.
, Continued' on "Page Twb~
Continued 'on Page", Two. . ¦ '
Continued^on Page • Two.
Continued on Page Five.
"him > " to . -relieve ;- Rear "Admiral '" Lotiis
' Kempff ,\the l - junior squadron ¦ commander,
on the Asiatic ' station. ¦/, Admlrai*5* Wildes
; will 'sail from* San Francisco' oh" the .China
for his' post on February 7.". It is probable",
that- Rear, Admiral Rbbley:D". Evans,' who
is to^be the squadron commander
'on the Asiatic station, will sail on the
same steamer. 1 . Captain : P. ; H. Cooper will
relieve "Admiral^Wildes 'as . commandant
of/the •Pensacola' yard ,', the': order ; going',
into effect "on the 27th inst. ,
.Jan. 8. -^Secretary
Long has "detached / Rear •Admiral ''¦Wildes'
from' his', present duty is": commandant of
the Perisacbla j riav'y r yard ; and ordered
Naval Officers Change Stations.
-- WASHINGTON, Jan. 1 .8.— Official' in
formation*recelyed*at-.the Japanese Lega
tion) shower, there'; Is': no • foundation - for the
report, that an ] attempt! was recently; made
upon the life of "the Emperor of Japan by
a German and a Japanese named Tanaka.'
According to the Japanese .advices re
ceived^ at ; the > legation , It appears that
.Tanakai*' formerly a member of the House
of "Commons, rappeared at 'the Emperor's
carriage; for the purpose of a
petitlohVto his Majesty"! . Before * he could
hand": the, -document ; to the ' Emperor f he
was arrested . aiyi soon after provisionalV
released. 5 The r petition" was 'prepared : in
behalf ; of •. the inhabitants . of * Tanaka's
province, who have complained', against
the of the Ashi wo copper mine,
a: private .^establishment . owned by. Jap
anese, which has damaged their property"
A" German t dld not : figure'. In • the affair In
any "way. ' It , is further "stated that there
is no\truth in _ the', report that the Japa
nese Government" has seized the : property"
belonging to v the mine." !
ing Petition to ; Buler.' '
mons Arrested While Present-
Former .-.Member * of , House of Com-
JAPAN'S EMPEEOR * '.
v IS NOT; ASSAILED
. ' "Let ,us all unite in a sincere endeavor
tofmake this .'term creditable in the 'an
nals of pur city. .If there should "come to
your ; notice any , misconduct , on the < part
of .[any' of the publjc officials of > the*, city,'
or on the part of any person "', having deal
ings' .with: it, I- invite ¦*you,freelyj to "report
it; to me, so that I^may take "appropriate
action -in; the. premises. ;;,;¦¦• ' : '.:*:
• "And, now,^ gentlemen/ 1 hand youVyour
commissions' and wish *^ou godspeed * and
success \ in J your ' respective^offlcial i "posi
tions as well as inyour private life.', 1 . ' ,-':,
; Police'" Commissioner." Hutton;* in" receiv-
"I shall exact of you , all the : same
steady and careful attention to the ! busi
ness of your respective offices as I in
tend to devote to mine, and ,' request your
cordial assistance in 'making this admin
istration progressive, businesslike! clean
and honest. ;' . ¦ "¦ '¦• '•'. " ¦.' -.'''
"Gentlemen :',•' I need not say that I have
supreme ] confidence in I your .' ability ! and
integrity, otherwise I should not have ap-,
pointed you to ; the important positions
whose duties' you are "now called upon to
fill. Before entering ; actively,, upon /.the
performance of your official functions per
mit.me^ to-say to you^that' you are 'ex
pected 1 to . treat all who may have busi
ness with you with equal consideration
and courtesy. : . I trust that" you will' es
tablish pleasant and agreeable 'relations
with your colleagues now on the various
boards and commissions. t**/'**^' 1
v When Mayor Phelan arrived he chatted
pleasantly with his successor and was
then introduced to the' Commissioners
who succeeded thoseof ,his own selection.
After handshakings were concluded, May
or Schmitz, '.who/had already qualified for
the office : which was now surrendered by
Mr." Phelani: invited the Commissioners he
had - appointed to adjourn to : his private
office. Commissioners' Ward, Altmahn,
Roncovierl, Hutton, . Boyle, Parry, Casay
and Ohnimus responded and without any
preliminaries the new, chief executive of
the municipality spoke to them-' as : fol
lows: . ¦¦¦..-'¦' ".' . , : " . ,. . .. "„"¦ : v .'-::
Mr.. Schmitz appeared at the Mayor's
office at 9 o'clock in company with his
private secretary, George B. Keane, but
Mayor Phelan was not'present'to .receive
his successor at the time- and did not " ar
rive j until half past . 10 "o'clock. In the
meantime the Commissioners appointed
by Mayor Schmitz came 'In to take their
oaths of office before Notary - Public
George T. Knox a^nd.also to subscribe to
their official bonds/ which were furnished"
by a local surety company.
particular ceremony attached
to the changes in the municipal adminis
tration.; The outgoing officials gracefully
resigned their seats - to their successors
and the business of the city government
went on as usual after but a brief inter
ruption.
MATOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ
and all the other city;omcials
{elect assumed the duties of
.their respective ofBces yester
day morning, j There was.. no
The chief officer hurried on deck, in
formed the captain of the state of affairs,
and the four boats carried by the ship
*were ordered to be launched. Two were
put off on the side of the ship where seas
were continually breaking over the steam-
The night was black as pitch. There
was not a lighthouse within fifty miles
and not the remotest indication of where
land lay. The gale still swept in from
the west and. the warning noise of break
ers was drowned by the roaring of the
eea around the ship.
According to the accounts obtained by
Captain Nicholson the vessel was going
at half speed, when she suddenly struck
the rocks on Gray Point. She pounded on
the rocks head on until she could get no
further and then her stern was swung
eround by the gale so that one side was
completely exposed to the seas. This
probably tore out her bottom, for when
the chief ofScer went below to investigate
he found tht water coming in at a rapid
rate and thu coal going out as "though
through a sieve through the bottom or
the Iron steamer. The bow was punc
tured with holes which looked as if the
boat had been in collision, and altogether
she was a complete wreck. •
On Thursday the Bristol took the in
6lde passage, skirted the islands and kept
out of the storm. She passed the steamer
Cottage City, also bound northward,
¦which had got into a safe anchorage the
night before end stayed out of the way
of the wind. From there the Bristol
passed out to sea again to gain Dlxon's
Entrance, between Dundas Island and
Gray Point, on the southern end of Green
Island. She approached this vicinity af
ter midnight of Thursday and an iiour
later the disaster occurred.
Strikes on Gray Point, j .
The vessel had been on her fateful trip
eince New Tear's day. She was a day
and a half out from Nanaimo, with nearly
3000 tons of coal for the Tread well mine
en Douglass Island. She carried a small
shipment of lumber on her forward deck,
Jout this was washed off by the waves
¦which accompanied a gale that she en
countered ir crossing Queen Charlotte
The big stsamer is out of sight, except
the tops of her masts, and the shores of
the Island are strewn with pieces of her
house and parts of smashed upper works>
that were washed off by the storm on the
night of the disaster.
News of the loss of the collier was
brought to the c^>' this evening by the
eteamer City of ' Seattle. That vessel
pa&sed the scene of the mishap on the
•way south. Captain Xicholson obtained
a list of the lost men and full particulars
cf .the wreck.
VAN'COUVER. B. C. Jan. 8.-The
Eteamer Bristol, which for fifteen years
has been carrying cargoes In and out of
the Golden Gate, and lately became a
coal carrier to Alaska, was wrecked early
Friday morning at Green Island, fifty
miles ¦ northwest of Port Essinglon, on
the western British Columbia coast.
Seven lives were lost. Captain Mclntyre,
Chief Engir.eer Vivian and flvc others
went down with the ship while trying to
get into their boats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Offices. Are Surrendered
Gracefully; to the
Hopefttl Ones.
OLD STEPS
OUT, NEW
COMES IN
THE DROWNED.
CAPTAIN TULcTNT THE of
Port Townsend.
PILCJT EOBEETS of Vic
toria.
CHIEF ENGINEEB VIVIAN.
SECOND ENGINEEB, ED
WARDS of San Francisco.
JOSEPH SILVA of San
Francisco.
*i : WXLILIAai t TCOSHCER'.'J. of'
San Francisco.
HOWAED C. HTTBLBUT
of San -Francisco.
;•; The. turning down of Oscar Tolle by the
County Clerk has greatly displeased the
German-American Republicans, who lent
Mahony their . support and who claim to
have toad his promise that two deputies
to their; liking should be cared for by
him. The slate contains the name of
"neither of them. \ ¦ :;••
V Eddie Conroy is extending his j sympa
thy to- the gold-bricked and the disap
pointed, assuring the losers that the. true
story' will be told to' the colonel when the
latter returns from Mexico.
• . Jesse Marks, suspecting .that ; the "or
ganlzation" would; not'^get" Its^due .from
the Sheriff,' prevailed .^on Harry Baenr' to
hold open -the chief ; deputyship •. in the
Auditor's office until . Lackmann' s list was
given out. Names that Marks -had hoped
to see in the list were . not among those
who received substantial recognition from
the Sheriff, hence Marks, as a measure of
reprisal," secured the appointment of Wil
liam Wilkinson as. chief ' deputy of . the
Auditor. •• ¦',. '
• It is true that W. H. Cobb was appoint
ed '¦¦ attorney for the ' Auditor .. and -, Frank
French "got the position of Chief Deputy
County ; Clerk, but the workers who went
to the front at the primary and held their
delegates to j the programme in the con
vention were turned down" by Lackmann
and Mahony. . . ':¦ ' '•-'. '..- '¦:. ;•*•>' ;
IT Is gossip in the camp of the politi
cians that the "organization" was
not liberally recognized, in the ap
pointments made », by Sheriff Lack
mann' and County Clerk Mahony. \i
The. boss offender in the eyes of the
Burns , people ;-"seems to be the ' County.
Clerk. Some one persuaded Mahony to
the belief that' Crlminins was : the-"ofganl
zation,"j and not Burns, . Lynch, Goldberg,
Marks and 'Gunsti- It .was understood be
fore Colonel \ Burns left* for" Mexico' that
the new; County Clerk would take care of
s"ey feral ? of the ."organization**, inen. whose
names do not appear on the list of the ap
pointed.; Eddie. Conrby has the Hat *of
those who were to be appointed, and John
Lynch holds a copy of the original.
Some of the city's employes eee in this
remark a veiled intention to encompass
the dismissal of subordinates -wherever
"If there should, come' to your notice
any misconduct on the part of any of the
public officials of the city,' or on the part
of^any person having deaflings with lt.M
invite you freely to report it to me so that'
I may take appropriate - action in the
premises."
Presages of Dismissal.
Mayor Schmitz also delivered a brief
address at his office to his appointees on
the commissions just before going to the
Supervisors' meeting. Probably his most
important .utterance.' and one which will
make some subordinates in the- city gov
ernment uneasy, was this:.* -
The only point . on" which _ there seemed
to be a unanimity of .'opinion between
Schmitz and Phelan was the" need ;- of
amendments to the" charter. Phelan ac
knowledged that the organic law pos
sesses defects, and Schmitz declared that
it needs revision. ' „ ¦.;-..
Then when Phelan threw bouquets at
his Civil Service : Commission. Schmitz
said of the same commission that it would
be a municipal benefit: if it should 'obey
its own rule to abstain from offensive
political Intrigue. FinaJly, when Phelan
asserted that his Board of Education was
conducting the v School Department in the
Interest of the children, Schniltz' asserted
that it was not conducted in the interest
of teachers, who "were obliged discontent-,
edly to stand by while political influence
and favoritism placed new men'or, women
over them." t
Again, Phelan lauded the Board of
Health for stamping out an Oriental dis
ease and Schmitz scored the same board
for "doing injury to the commercial and
labor interests of San Francisco by foist
ing upon the world sensational and ill
founded reports of the existence of the
dread plauge.". . '
The two addresses were diametrically
opposite on many points, which caused
the knowing ones to smile. For instance,
Phelan paid a glowing, tribute, to the
Board of Public Works for its economical
administration. Mayor, Schmitz said that
it would 'be a great municipal improve
ment if $10 of salaries was not required
to ll of improvements done by the same
board. • ¦ !
, Two Points of View.
The difference in the ways which the
respective addresses of Mayor Schmitz
and ex-Mayor Phelan were received by the
spectators was apparent.- Phelan read his
type-written address, through hurriedly
and not once did his remarks bring forth
any applause. At times during the read-
Ing his successor in office smiled cynically
at statements with which he disagreed.
On the contrary Mayor Schmitz was ap
plauded frequently, and though it Is true
there were many of his supporters in the
audience, he told some trite truths about
the former administration which seemed
to strike home.
By far the greatest interest centered In
thi chambers of the Board of Supervisors,
where Mayor Phelan retired in favor of
Mayor-elect Schmitz and seven Super
visors displaced as many more city fathers
who had either been defeated or had de
clined renomination. Every available inch
of room was occupied by spectators who
were present to hear Mayor Schmitz out
line his future policy in his inaugural mes
sage and incidentally to listen to the re
tiring Mayor's farewell address.
administration of the city government
was effected without a single hitch, though
there was considerable turmoil ¦ in the
County-Clerk's., office, caused bylthe dis
appointed 'ones.'; -\'~'T ff3*^> '- .-¦ ' - : ?"5£S*
" sume their offices." The corri
dors were filled with politicians of all
shades of .political' faith and the final but
tonholing v of successful candidates was
largely in evidence. The change ; in the
THE City Hall presented an ani
mated scene yesterday morning,
which was the time appointed
for the city officials elected at
the last municipal election to as-
Schmitz and'Phelan Di£
fer in Ideas Regarding
Commissions.
Four San. Franciscans Are
Among T&ose Lostln
tie Disaster.
Say "Organization"
Means Orimmins.
Unhappy Of fice -Seekers
THEY SWEAR
IF MAHONY
IS NAMED
NEW MAYOR
OUTLINES
POLICY
After putting Raker out of the room
Street returned and said that Miller had
been the cause of much trouble during tho
trial, and he proposed to ascertain Miller's
authority for. carrying arms: The Sher
iff's words were greeted, with cheers, but
. seemed to anger Judge Harrington, who
told -the" Sheriff* that he would order hii
arrest'tif he continued to make such re-'
marks!
; There is much surmise on the strset to
night as : to the outcome of to-day's trou
ble,' and many, fear that the end is riot
yet.
;As soon as court opened this mornins
and John. Hutton was called to the stand
trouble 'commenced. . Post V first '.question
aroused a lively commotion. „'
Lawyer Baker Makes Trouble.- ¦
„¦! Raker, ¦'. for the defense, at once began
an objection to the witness being allowed^
tV testify.' on the ground that Hutton was
an alleged conspirator and had confessed
participation : In ' the crime:, that his con- -
fession . had been made within six . days
and could be used only'for the purpose of .
convicting Hutton himself. The jury was
excused ; from-J the- courtroom. • General -
Post answered " Raker's a rgument - briefly,
saying that^he objected to Raker's state
ment being: allowed on the record. Rak- '
er"s ; motion" was denied and the • witness
was "allowed : to testif v. * ... > •
( Raker was taken forcibly out of th>;
courtroom, by Sheriff. Street -for refusing;
to.takehis seat f 6n the order nf the court.
Defendant' Brown then arose and asked
the'eourt to be heard on an objection" to
' Raker .jumped back, and "Sheriff Street
jumped : In between the men. The court
room'was . crowded, many women being
among ; the spectators. The excitement
was Intense, and* the court ordered the
Sheriff to remove Raker from the. rooml
Raker .reached for his pocket and said:
"And I command you as Sheriff of this
county, to search Miller." The court or
dered Raker, from the room. : ¦ ' ;
v j Finally Miller leaped to his feet and, ex
claiming "I will meet you anywhere."
reached toward his hip -pocket. ¦ ¦' •
. Perhaps the nearest approach to a trag
edy that has . occurred during the trial
was enacted in the courtroom this after
noon, when Attorney Raker and Assist
ant Attorney General Post engaged • in a
heated - argument regarding the manner
In which Raker has referred to Daniel
Miller during the trial, the counsel for the
defense s having continually referred to
Miller , as, . "Danny" Miller,- as General
Post's "bodyguard" and in other con
temptuous ways. Post told Raker in open
court, that was. a better man in
every respect than Raker, and that the
lawyer for the defense would not dare
address Miller in such terms outside of
the courtroom." Raker replied that he had
never insulted Miller, because Miller was
not a man whom one could insult.. Raker
continued to insult Miller, who indicated
by, the shaking of his head that anger wall
rapidly getting the mastery over his se4f
control. '¦¦', ¦>.'**¦ ¦:'.' '
Almost a Tragedy in Court.
Never in a California court has there
been heard a more remarkable recital.
The witness told how a few men had got
together, decided upon the lynching and
proceeded to lay their plans as coolly, and
with as little feeling as the hunter about
to bring down a deer. Aged Judge Myers,
almost blind and on the verge of the
grave,' selected the ropes to be used, tied
the- knots and . gave counsel to the ring
leaders as to their method of procedure.
No humane • ins tine t mani f es t ed - itself, ac
cording to the witness, while the mob was
hurrying its * ca'ptives off to . their doom.
One victim was beaten with a wagon
spoke and the others shared in a measure
this brutality while being dragged to the
execution ground. Even old Calvin Hall's
gray hairs and tottering gatt did not win
for him respite from these outrages dur
ing his last few minutes on earth.
Hutton withheld no facts. He described,
the events prior to and during the lynch
ing with faithful attention to details and
did not attempt to hide the part he took
in plotting the death of the five Lookout
prisoners and carrying out the sentence
imposed by the mob.
ALTURAS, Jan. 8.— John Hutton, thk
self-confessed participant in the quint
uple lynching at Lookout last May, 1 told
the story of that frontier tragedy in court
to-day. He was the only witness examined
during the day in the trial of James W.
Brown and his testimony was so dramatic
and sensational in its details that the
spectators who crowded the courtroom
heard! it with breathless attention from
beginning to end.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gale Carries Vessel
Asliore in t&e
iiuILIL '
Lawyer Baker and State Detective
Miller Attempt to Engage in an
• Impromptu Duel in th«
Crowd at the Alturas Trial
Hears Dramatic Story
CaptainMcMyre
and Six Men
Perish.
Witness Hutton Gives
Details of Lookout
Lynchings.
COLLIER
BRISTOL
IS LOST
TELLS HOW
MOB HANGED
FIVE MEN
PUSH RIDES
INTO OFFICE
Mahony Turns Over All
His Patronage to the
"Gr^anization/'
SEEN, IN THE GREAT SHAKE
UP AT. THE . CITY HALL YES-.
:TERJD>AY.i : -
INAUGURAL
ADDRESS OF
NEW MAYOR
Schmitz Is Not Pleased
With Supervisorial
Committees. 1
;jMayor. Schmitz Jtheii'' dell ivered; 'his '-for-
Vnal'/lMuyu^rar-^address^.^whichVw/as^fre
quentiy" interrupted'^ by .applause"; fromTthe
:. After : more ¦•applause' from' the i.'specta"-"
tors; Mayor Schmitz"'ordered ! the roll'call''
which showed 'the ' presence of , Supervisors
: Alpers,': Bent/. Booth,
stein, :' Braunhart, : Comte, 'Connor, Curtis/
p*Anccna,^Dwyer.,-Eggers,^}iJynch^^^
Clellan,'- Payot, ..Wilson' and-.',Wyrin,'i Super-'
visor;' Sanderson ; being 'the '• only} member
absent.*-;'. '.-\ '-i\ : :--'v ¦"•'/'.•. -;i s ' "C ;; X V '.#
.*" "I . now. have .; the "pleasure of ¦ introduc
ing to the' joint; board ; the" newly" electe.1
Mayor",! Mr.'. Schmitz,'*. f said Mr. Phelan . at
the conclusion of ;his; speech." .- ¦¦. :i '; r "^*'.^*
",."The; outgoing- Board; of ¦Supervisors,"-,
began*- Mayor*; Phelan^.Vwill : kindly, escort
the ne wly ; elected members to ;'thelr;plac'ea
and -sit .with' them .during ¦¦ the . proceed-'
ings'" ' V ' . ;".' ;" ;¦ '¦_>¦' '¦ \ '¦ , ; . •/-. ' ¦
, Supervisors-elect JAlpers,, Bent,; Eggersi
Lyncn, Payot and ' Wynn: took the: chairs
provided for; them, ; and ' Fohtana, i. Hotal
ing,'Jennings,,'McCarthy,*R«d and'Staf
ford made .room*', for them. r'Afte? the
members '.were' seated ' Mayor -Phelan stat
ed 'that- it .was ;customary ' for, the' outgo
ing/Mayor ; to, make a ."'statement '-"of % the
clty^'s. condition during his adminiJIration.
Contlnifing," hi; entered upon/a defense of
his> administration 1 and - of ¦:. the', operation
of i the i'.new; charter. 'The address -was rcf
ceived' In silence.;" , -' '....' ?,. T ; ; .. .' '
Former,' Mayor Alyord. availed '¦ himself
of, the iprlyilege. accorded to ex-Mayors ; to
sit';wlthj the board ; and 'was an ; interested
observer ot /the^ proceedings.VA* number'of
city' officials /and; numerous .f subordinates'
who. had lost- their places'/with the change
of administration • were In, attendance.- ' ; '¦'.
• \;"-' -""• for the first time during his
regime he ; , was ) greeted • with loud, ap
plause.- The "lobby"; and • gallery .--were
crowded with spectators, and every;avail
able chair in the assembly, room* was.oc
cupied. '.'i .: ;.' : ; ; .0 : -.:; : 'i\:"/.] .;;.;¦ : . ¦¦"¦.['"' .'.'•'
¦Hi vn n HEN Mayor Schmitz made
'%-'^f - : '/ " h' s - appearance yesterday
''¦^'ak'w/, - morning in the chambers of
'¦¦^ff-y[ C ' f he Board of Supervisors to
.- -•¦;'" .'- -r, ,.• call the, meeting? to 'order
.'•'^¦¦QUNTTC; CLERK". ALBERT B.
'M-- :¦- MAHONY,^ protected as he was
¦ ¦'>. '*by:k^b*odyguard^c.bmp6sed of W.
)^^y'--\A A. 1 , Deariei whorn^ he • succeeded,
andyblg^JoejTutts, an aspirant
¦ v for. the ¦'position of janitor of the
County ClefkVofllce/* put In a day yester
day that?. will -;liye long in' his ; memory:
From • earlyYiriorn*' •' until -'the * office closed
at 5 he "' 'was? kept "busy '. telling
those ' who succeeded " in getting by, his
guard just':how it .was. that he failed to
name _ them : as ,' deputy, county, clerks; or
copyists, and "between the visits ; of the
disgruntled^ ones he^mopped his brow,
talked : with Deane and manufactured ex
cuses to; suit: the next visitor who was
lucky enough to get .within range. a '- '..'¦
"Mahony, County Clerk, is' in a predic
ament .that ' will cause ; him worry
aplenty ': before [ he I manages to | extricate
himself. vHe fhas 'three places yet to;fill
out of -the' fifty vacancies in j his 'office,"
and ¦ for. these three places there are fully
fifty . 'applicants/; each' one - of '; whom is
willing to swear . that to! his ¦ efforts alone
Mahony owes ¦ his election. ';: Never • in ; the
history of ,Clty , Hall/ ; politics has the
County.; Clerk's" office " presented such a
scene of asTwas "yester
day. . To commence with,. the list, "the.
fatal list,": the appearance of which .had
been : , watched ,, for : * with '-.anxiety' by
Deane's '¦ deputies,'; most pt ;whom" thought
themselves .very." close- to • Mahony,. was
f n6t , correct when ; given out. (i Those -who
were "named first-shook hands with^them
selves";;and ;,'grewii "chesty;" -Their infia-;
tioh,was but. momentary, however, for, it
soon .became r known*; that' changes were
contemplated. : , ¦ .=> .' .' ¦
¦> James .McElroy, a stanch friend of Ma
hpny'. and clerk to -Judge' Lawlbr,*- "was Vn
the brJginalrlist. He -had spent*' time 'and
money galore /in -;further{ngv : Mahohy's
ambitions, 1 and'; it : was conceded that he
was entitled to ; "pap.". Judge of . the sur
prisevwhen It became known ,that 'McEl
roy'fwas'out.' His/removal .brought' fear
to the' hearts of the men who felt J'safe'.'
and f-.wlthin' ; a " half ' hour' after ' It ; became'
known that: McEIroy .was lost in" the Apo
litical shuffle Mahony "* Was besieged? *./*.
. Oscar Tolle," ex-Senator Thomas ;Maher.
and .'¦ Bob ; Fitzgerald, who (sacrificed 'time;
pleasure, .' ; , money.— every thing,' '"• in fact,"
needed in a successfur carnpaign— on Ma
hony's 'behalf, 'occupied seats - In '.the
same boat ; with ;McElroy. AllTthey • got
in'.tbe'.way. of "satisfaction: when .they"In
terviewed the^ new,. County; Clerk was:
; .;"I;ara;d6ing'o^
IThe' credit ; for, -Mahony 's~-' election,' is
given V to IthV^'organization,'^' arid ,' the or
ganization is V making the ? appointments
and' has thfown.down" the Clerk's
personal . friends,' .to > whom -he owes "a
great '•'. deal.' ¦.,.', . ''.-.. .!••,". '¦!-.:''' : '/'i
/'William .' Joost ? and {J. : ; B. ; Martin, ,. "clerks
resVectively '; to! .Judges 'Kerrigan'. and Coff
fey, 1 ; who ; is was ¦(. conceded would \ con
tinue as; courtroom ' clerks ' ¦ are \ no w .< iook-'
ingVfor jobs. .."Ofganization'.'.'did'it... '' .
The 1 same ' i influence -i removed \ Sea well
NEW MAYOR AND HIS APPOINTEES ENTER UPON DUTIES
OF PUBLIC OFFICE AND PHELAN REGIME IS CLOSED
VOLUME XCL- NO; 40.
7PKICE FIVE • CENTS.
S AN;- ' PR^(CISC^;^THURSiyAY^ * : JJAJS UM Y^ 9,^1902;
The San Francisco Call.When he finished his address Mayor
Schmitz • stated -that ;. the> meeting.' was
called for the purpose of inducting th«
elected Supervisors in office, and was pre
paring to adjourn the meeting when Box
ton asked leave to present an. ordinance
providing for the creation of a, new. posi
tion in the license office, to be known as
cashier, .at a salary of *200 per month,
which had been recommended by I Mayor
Schmitz in'Jiis address. > Boxton desired
that^the ordinance be passed to print un
der *. suspension -of; the .-- rules, but \ after
some .discussion It was; referred to the
Finance Committee. - ; "'
v Then Braunhart moved the, adoption, of
the lfst of - committees, which has : been
Eubllshed, but Mayor Schmitz ruled that
e would not entertain public business,
but would consider the meeting as a cau
cus for the purpose of /agreeing ion the
cortimittees. Evidently the Mayor, is 'dls-
Batisfied with the representation accord
ed his political associates on the commit
tees. It was determined ¦ to . adjourn , for
five minutes, after which recess the com
mittee appointments were approved.
Brandenstein began a -campaign' for
night sessions of the board by moving to
adjourn until next Monday night at .7
o'clock.. Brandenstein stated that his busi
ness was suffering because : of ; being
obliged to attend the meetings in 'daytime,
and Curtis thought the board should meet
at 'night in order to give men a
chance to attend. Braunhart made a plea
for the usual hour of 2:30 o'clock, arguing
that it was not in consonance with . the
eight-hour provision ¦ of -,the charter •;• to
compel -the clerks to , work overtime.
Wynn thought : the wage-earners , should
be given an opportunity to witness -the
transaction of official business by meeting
at- night.' The motion Uoitdjourn until
Monday, night was carried. Brandenstein' 8
attempt to establish a' rule ' providing for
meetings at night was ruled out of order,
as a resolution '. on the : subject - must ; be
adopted at a regular meeting. .. ".
lobby, where his friends were gathered in
force.- • .::.•.;¦- .
.-.The ; drugrglsts • have , already :i been ," supplied
with Peruna 7 h.lmanacs. : , : . There Ms sure to be : a
great 'demand for - these ' almanacs \ on ; account
of ; the , articles r on \ astrology^ which they .; con :
tain. ;The subject of astrology , : is : a"i very', at
tractive one , to most ; people." ;- The * articles'^ on
as. t rology , In";, the } Peruna^ almanac '. ; hayei been
furnished : by a : very > competent .' astrploglst ; and
the -mental characteristics or each sign is given,
constituting ¦ almosr-a *. complete " horoscope. A
; 1 1st- of -lueky- and unluvky ; days' for each ; month
Is given. There .will be a, great rush for thess
books. . A«k your druggist tor one early, before
they are all. gone." :M^5mS@N^BM8Kaaak
The ¦ Peruaa '.< Almanac
French'forChiel : . Deputy.
- ' Frank French" is slated for the position
,of: chief; deputy,- J.; J.~ Grief .will. etill ; con-;
, tinue ; to ' perform . the » duties : of .? judgment'
iderk and E.JrCasey. will have charge of
; the ; probate s department. '^"Joseph >Riordan.*
¦brother v of Attorney .Thomas Riordan,lwKI
I in - all I probability perform i duties Joi
¦ cashiei,". though! Deane, wilPdrawi the'.sal
ary. > Colonel .Thomas F/\O'Nelll,wlll*re
¦ main . in J charge ; of > the documents - relating
Jto j the : Insane, ' and i'JCupid 1 '- Danforth \ wll I
;continue dealing.; out * from- the
,marriage" license fofflce.'- " ¦. - •¦-.-¦.--..¦¦.'¦
i 5 Ambrcce^AYatson: and i.William^Kehnedy
_will i-? remain p . at 1 "' courtroom-;; desks and
'<"-- Just: what ; the ' new- ¦; appointees
will .perform "j has /not ••- yet? been decided
upon.»-It is understood,'; however,^ that tho
new" County ; Clerk I will . act as, ufiderstudy,
to.'W. ': A: > Deane '¦. for /some ; tinie," to! come:
In fact, it is rumored that Deane's duties
will -.: consist ~ principally x during * the \ next,
two years; of; supervising the selections of
the ,'' XV '
" '¦ - ¦" ' '.\. £¦';*- 1 ¦.'¦.-'.:'- ' ' *¦ *'- .'/•':'.¦.'"'
and a". number of other. deputieV- who had
served s their -purpose.. Kven r Joseph : God
dard.i Deane's \ chief i deputy, :, got^the i ax
andv his political head k : is : now, rolling
about with the others in'the sawdust pro
vided ? by the organization; =d-*' . .;.'."¦¦ '•'¦¦; ;
¦ - Mayor Schmitz ¦ then . instructed ' the . new
Commissioners to file a copy "of their cre
dentials with; the j Auditor and Civil'Ser
vice Commission and' anally^ wltlr the : Re^
corder, '• to ;" complete ¦ the '. legal -? f oAnality.
Mayor Schmitz .was : then escorted \ by ¦ Mr.
Phelan to the assembly room 1 of the Board
of Supervisors, followed by. the new Com
mi-"i"T — tflffinllll.il iMiillilll lfaiiMUMMlKa«aiMBBi
ing his commission, remarked' that, speak
ing for all, they, would help to give such
an „ administration as their chief ( ; himself
would be proud of. Commissioner, of Pub
lic Works Casey! said,- "I shall live up to
your. intentions to the letter.'.' . "-•- -., ¦_¦-.
Continued- From '."Page [One.
•-^Theihonorary. pallbearers. were: ? John' E
Qulnn " and; Patrick ¦% H. ; McCarthy. Irepre
sentingtthe ? Civil -Commissioners •
Jeremiah jDoasy,-. Election [Comrnlssroner'
andiR.^y.^Watt^FireCommlssionEr.V'The
Merchants'-'Association^ was ; - represented
by-/F. c >W.f Dohrmann;' -F. J.' Symmes,-,C
Bundschu -;and,' ex-Mayor^ Pond. ¦:..•-.
r ;-.,The«-; funeral y cortege ..was'. corhposed
largely of members of the Merchants' As
sociation; iThe room In which 1 the remains
were": laid '. was ; filled with f beauti f ul v floral
offerings. -j.The; Board' of. Supervisors sent
a; large column? and iwreath^and'F
Dohnnannji a < lifelong .> f riendi'of '- the : de
ceased^ sent- a beautiful .pillow of violets
on'; which y were ;. v the /, words f-VGood-by "
The remains were laid to rest in ; the Home
of Peace. Cemetery, : San : Mateo County.v
BEMAINS OF J. R.^ FRETJD •
ABE LAID TO -FINAL ¦; REST
Many. Friends Gather, to "Pay; Last'
. Tribute to of the -^V.:..
,. \' '.; '. ;¦; f :: ' '^y v .._ ;
¦,The funeral-ofthe lateJ.. Richard Freud
was ,;held;-, yesterday, •:. morning" : from 'his
late ; residence, - 1516 Jackson ': street.* Im
pressive; services^wero ; held: sit the house
where ¦ the "many 5 friends : and relatives as
sembled < to pay, the last tribute of respect
to the deceased president of the Civil Ser
vice /Commission ¦ and • Bec : retary."of r the
Marchahts'.; '] Association.": .-Rabbi yoor
sanger," who 'conducted. ; the , solemn service
for.-the dead,-: took; occasion t to. recall the
sterling r' qualities • of " the r deceased" as ~ a
citizen,; husband, and'father.- •¦¦;> •-,: ••
-That all is not, harmony, among ithe new
ly: appointed Commissioners was demon
strated; during, the; recess of the Board of
Supervisors. - When Fire. Commissioner J
S.^Parryvwas^ complimented, on- his-ap
pplntment;heireplled:>;.«.' l ;v:.v-^»- *. v
_ "Well,: I am liable to resign before ionjr'
I^ took the office ¦ with^ the ; understanding
that J couldreslgrn when :i' wanted to r<.
the opportunity may occur. '
¦One of-thefirst official apts of the new
Mayor was to recommend to the Board
of Supervisors that a new position be cre
ated^in the license office, that of a bonded
cashier,- who would .handle; large sums.
M ££°fi. Sclim J tz made tne recommendation
with the. understanding that the expendi
tures of the office be not increased.' Super
visor, Bpxton immediately . introduced an
ora'nance creating the. place, at a salary
of, $200 per [ month,^ and , as a • consequence
two experienced clerks, in the. tax office
will have to go. It> said that the: place
Is to-be created for, Morris Levy, who wa«
Tax Collector's Scott's chief deputy Levy
did 'good work .for Schmitz in his cam
paign, rbut .vigorously, denies that he is
slated for the new job. Levy smiles know
ingly and says ;he is ; looking- for some
thing better.-jHe didhave aspirations for
the secretaryship: of the Board of. Public
Works, but it is - understood that" J -£,60
Park, the incumbent, will hold for a year
Continued; From Page One.
Continued From Page One.
PUSH RIDES ROUGHSHOD INTO OFFICE
; Tax Collector ! Smith completed his iist
of i appointees yesterday morning | by nam
ing Edward. W." Hulford as cashier. James
1 A.t Simpson { Is : chief : deputy and ; Edward
I. Robinson is attorney for; the collection
of delinquent* taxes, to succeed Abe Ruef. ;
- ¦ H. W.*. Hutfon, the' newly appointed Po
lice .'¦ Commissioner, qualified before' Bert
Cadwalader, .the - secretary; to /.the .'com
mission,; during ; the: afternoon.'"* Shortly
afterward he accompanied Commissioners
Mahoney,- Nev/hall r and '-. Howell " and v Chief
of Police Wittman' to the office of Mayor
Schmitz, .where congratulations : were ex
changed.-'.' ¦) . ¦ ; '.: . . V-^.-i ¦
George W.. : .Lane, first assistant;- William I.
Brobeck, second assistant; Hugo-'K. Asher,
third ¦ assistant; : M'alter E. Dora, -fourth .-as
sistant; Richard- M. ¦ Sims, : chief clerk ;> Harry
R. White, assistant clerk; P.- Allen. Joy, ;mes-'
penger;' John C. - Quinlan, ?¦ stenographer ' and
typewriter, -.1 ¦ .\^. " .. ' . .. ; - .'.,*¦'¦¦
City Attorney Lan^e 'filed with the Audi'.
orMhe following appointments 'to , his of
ficial family:.
-'¦' in; both the, Recorder'-s office and the
Auditor's office th« ' changes , in the staff
were made in accordance with previous
announcements. ¦"' - : ¦ •' - ' ¦: ; "
The Board -of Education will meet to
day ' at . 10 o'clock, i at which , time Alfred
Roncovleri ; will be ¦ given formal : welcome
as the new member of the board. ;' -
¦ Dr. James M: Ward, the new member of
the Board of- Health," visited the office » at
11 o'clock." He was welcomed 'by Health
Officer O'Brien and the office staff, but no
members of the board were' present.- Un
less a special! meeting be called Dr.'Ward
will have to wait for welcome by his col
leagues until the third. Wednesday, of the.
month, v ; - . . — ¦ : - ://.¦¦;'¦-..
- The Civil Service Commission. will meet
this afternoon at 2 o'clock, when the new
member, Louis J.v Ohnimus, will take his
seat; . His credentials have already ibeen
filed and he took ; the ; oath of office with
other appointees of Mayor Schmitz. . - * i
- The Fire Commissioners . held no meet
ing yesterday. The new Commissioner, J.
S. Parry, visited the offices and said that
he. would be present at the meeting of the
commission at 9 o'clock' this morning. . ;.V-
cThe count of the. money 'in the city
treasury . by: Treasurer McDougaid,' ex-
Treasurer Brooks and Auditor. Baehr was
completed last evening.: The money was
found correct to a . cent, > the amount in
the joint custody .safe,- to, which the Aud
itor and Treasurer have access, "being $2,
400,000.. In the outside vault there is i5i7,
872 60, or a grand total of $2,927,872 6J in tho
city's coffers. -After-' the, 5 ., money was
counted the Auditor and Treasurer agreed
ona new combination-tb the vaults, and
the office will be opened for. business this
morning, after haying been closed all- day
yesterday.- ¦< .,-¦•. .••'•:••¦
-: John ; Barnett, superintendent : 'of building;
William ; Mooser. architect;" O. M.Tupper,' in
spector of light *and water; Benjamin" 1 Heath
Jr., chief of the i bureau of ' streets; C. E.
Grunsky, ' City "Engineer; secretary, J.\ Leo
Park; J. B. Gartland. attorney.;., „ .- - '¦-.;¦
After Commissioner > -,Casey. : had been
shown through .the offices the» board vis
ited Mayor. Schmitz in a- body. -
C Colonel George H. - Mendell spoke j ui
praise of the public services of the retir
ing member, A. B. Maguire, artd extended
a welcome to Commissioner Casey. Marj
den Hanson made a felicitous talk, and
Mr. Maguire and Mr. Casey both ' spoko
briefly. - : "V; \,.V. : \ ' ¦>:,! :- -7... .'-V ;.-^ ¦'."';
The heads o^fAhe departments were pres
ent, as follows": •¦>"'-.- . ¦ ¦• J : . v .-•'-
/The Board of Public Works met at 2:30
o'clock." Michael Casey,. the new Commis
sioner, presented his credentials and was
invited to- take a seat with the other
members of the board.
which ,. Sheldon G.- Kellogg was
elected chairman, vice • Jeremiah Deasy
At the close of the meeting the Commis
sioners went in a body to pay the]r;,re
spects to the. new Mayor. '
HE " Election Commission met
. .. ¦: ,. I ., shortly after 3 oVclock yesterday^
••B •: afternoon. Commissioner Green
.1 ' blatt "introduced r his \ successor,
JL Thomas- F. Boyle, and a period
;\ . of' speechmaking followed," after
Kellogg Glipsenas Chair
man of Board
"Commissioners* M
NUMEROUS
CHANGES IN
CITY-HALL
NEW MAYOR OUTLINES HIS POLICY
:. Mahony claims- that he turned the ap-'
pointment of '.his.- deputies and copyists'
over* to the -districts and' made no per
sonal appointments. He<- said - yesterday
that he realized that some -of his best
friends, . whom he expected would be
named -as successors , to those in office,
were greatly put outJjy the failure of the
Patronage dispensers" .to anpoint them.
They" all know, however, 1L; said Ma
hony. ."that I am -doing '- 'organization
politics .and am not to blame because
they are not on the list.- There are a num
ber of disappointed ones to whom- 1 would
gladly giye office,- but my hands are tied.
.1 nose; -who had , the greatest claim, upon
me.are out; now working -for all. they are
worth to get into my office and I, hope
they succeed. I - can do nothing more,
though willing to do anything."
; It , is \thought * that the - three vacancies
fewainlng- : in the hands of the- organiza
tion will -be filled by the appointment of
Oscar Tolle, .TV: C. Maher and James • E
McElrov' ;;'... . .
Senator Richard J. Welsh, C. C. Mor
ris, J. E. Reilly. A. Houston, J. C. Flood
and Donald de V. Graham are among those
who served Deane as deputies who will
remain during the Mahony regime.^-
UThe other appointees named by Ma
hony-and the organization are: !-'"*
Michael V'McGrath, Harry S. Jones,
James McNear, F. . K. Doherty, James F.
Halsey,>H. r -H. St. Ledger, E. B. Barman,
A. Davidson, P. McGowan, W.W. Little
ifleld, T. L. Doran. R. A. Martin. W. S.
. Blakeley. James J. McCarthy. Anthony
Gallagher, Alpheus Duffee ¦ and A. S.
Levy. ! '•'¦¦- . ; i ¦ : '. ¦ . 1 : ¦ , ' ; -
1-Bllly Lyons, brother of R. E. Lyons, and
Dorson Nichols, who held a position in
the County Clerk's office under Curry, are
named as successors to some of the Deane
deputies, and so are F. S. Dugan and Jo
seph Windrow, . who > have been for the
list two years ; in Sheriff Lackmann's
office. D. J. Crane, a County Committee
man- fro>n the:Thirtieth District, and M.
M. Busnway, formerly, sergeant-at-arms
of the Board of Supervisors, are among
the lucky, ones. . ' .
Lyons Victorious.
, John J. Boyle, a brother of Thomas F.
Boyle, the new Election Commissioner, i3
one of the "organization" appointees, and
H. T. Howe,-son.-in-law of Martin Kelly,
is - another. : Another' of thenew staff is
r.»C. Wilson, '.who is married to a niece
of Phil Crimmins. -'John F. Ahearn, who
was defeated for : the : office of Supervisor
at the last : election, and William K.
Pnelps, a former. Supervisor,' received ap
pointment9from:Mahony and the organi
zation, as did also E. S. Hawley, a sdn of
Judge Hawley. of Nevada.
Adolph Meyer, who sold gloves before en
gaging in politics/ will keep the minutes in
Judge - Kerrigan'^ : . court. - - Charles Corey
is; slated for the desk In either Judge Gra
ham s or Judge Hebbard's court, positions
which . were formerly filled by William
Raisch and Robert Fitzgerald. Just what
deputies will be named, to fill the places
In the other courtrooms, which are prize
billets, is not known, as Mahony and
Deane were too busy yesterday dodging
disappointed "job chasers" to. make any
assignments. ¦ . \ . • . •. • .
IH AUGUR/tL AODBESSJtfF N EW; MAYOR
; Many: other, matters"' of. great concern ;"'and
Interest might: be ' adverted ¦' to,' ' but '¦ for .-the
present I r content • myself with these. ¦-. I trust,
gentlemen, that our relations twith" one another
and with the>pedple of San Francisco '.will be
pleasant and agreeable; during our' entire term,
and commend. now to. your- watchful, care, and
attention • the important interests • of the city
to which under the charter, and .the laws it is
your, duty to give' consideration.)
I .recommend 5 further the appointment I of a
committee of the Board of Supervisors . to act
with a I committee . of other citizens | to « extend
a formal • invitation to ' the President : of ' the
United States "to ; visit r this "city. and7to..rnsk6
preparations 'for ' his ' appropriate "reception
should, he accept. .•.'.'
It Is certain ; that the charter needs many
amendments and much revision. I recom
mend'strongly immediate action by your, com
mittee-,on. charter amendments. looking ' toward
speedy, relief in this connection. • . ..• ..;.-'-'...
. In conjunction with the ¦ retiring Mayor,' I
believe that you' should Increase the amount
of the official bonds of the Treasurer and Tax
Collector by at least $100,000 each and would
recommend that the city . pay?- the necessary
premium for such 'additional security. It fre
quently happens; that a million dollars or more
is In the sole and absolute charge of these of
ficials and of their deputies and the amount
of their present bond is certainly not sufficient.
I have looked somewhat carefully also" into
the distribution of the duties of the deputies
and officials of the tax office. - 1 find . two de
partments independently handling large
amounts of the city's funds— the license tax
department and the tax department . proper.
I believe that there should be a bonded cashier
for each . department and 1 would recommend
that the Tax Collecteor be allowed the . ap
1 ointment of a cashier for the license depai t
nient, who shall give bond in sufficient amount.
Provided, however, the appropriation for the
office of Tax Collector shall not thereby . be
increased and that the clerical force of the
Tax Collector's office be reduced in an amount
corresponding to the amount of such addi
tional cashier's salary. :
'Charter Needs Amendment.
tearing up for every trivial purpose and accord-
Ing to the whim of any one who may fancy It
his pleasure to- break them up. - I would favor
the liberal; appropriation.- of moneys for- the
permanent Improvement of ,- ¦ our streets. It
seems to be. In the end, the toest /conomy. :v -
And inv this connection I woulif eay that in
my opinion ¦¦ It •• would be proper for the. city
to acquire its necessary public utilities- such
as water and artificial light, which are prime
necessities of the people, • and their use should
be supplied at the lowest possible price, with
out unreasonable profit on watered corporation
stock or on fictitious valuations. -.¦/ :¦'' '-¦'
There are many matters of great municipal
Interest to -which I would like to direct your
special attention. From time to* time here
after I will take the liberty of calling them
to ycur notice, v Of some, however, I will make
brief mention. ¦ ' '<"."**'.'.'' ¦
The City and County HosplUi Is really a dis
grace to a •* -jtrcpciltan city liks fni« A ri»-w
hospital building Is an immediate and an im
perative necessity. / '
a' hundred fold in the better health, the greater
prosperity and the Increased numbers 01 »
happy and contented people. »
Supervisors May Legislate Only.
Another feature . of the charter that has
worked admirably is tho separation pf legisla
tive and executive functions. Under The enff-
ter the Board of . Supervisors is a legislative
body, having no patronage in Its gift except 1U
own clerka. Under the consolidation act tn«
board appointed gardeners, police-* court clerks.
prosecuting attorneys, janitors, a fish ana game
warden and two fire commissioners, ana us
confirmation was required for the appointment
of the license collector and gas inspector. Now
the Board of Supervisors is engaged exclusively
In passing laws or ordinances for the govern
ment of the city. It raises the revenue, but
does not disburse It. The Mayor appoints tne
administrative boards without confirmation, and
the subordinates are taken from the civil serv
ice lists. The responsibility which is confer
red upon the Mayor, and his power to remove
and appoint, for cause, concentrates authority
and makes the government more cohesive. His
position 13 respectable and respected. The
consolidation act divided 1 the city Into twelve
districts or wards. The charter has obliter
ated the wards and provided that the Super
visors, eighteen In number, shall be elected at
large. This has sensibly Improved the per
sonnel' of the board, the conventions havlns
the whole city from -which to make selections.
I desire to say that the high reputation which
the Board of Supervisors, serving for the last
two years, has enjoyed, and the confidence
with which it was regarded, is a tribute not
onjy to the -character of the men who have
had the honor of serving under tho charter,
but to the charter Itself. It was the first Board
of Supervisors without rings, and it was the
first Board of Supervisors that was practically
ever re-elected. The abolition of the ward sys
tem and' the Increase of the number of Super
visors from twelve to eighteen has by practi
cal experience of the last two years been
demonstrated to be a success. ¦
Ag-ainst Special Privileges.
.The City Attorney has advised the board in a
recent opinion that the charter contemplates
only the passage of general laws, and discoun
tenances special- privileges. So hereafter no
special privileges should be granted, but the
general ordinances should be so amended as to
Include any pubflc benefit which it may be be
lieved a special privilege could confer upon the
city. No citizen should be denied, under Ilka
conditions, a privilege which ia granted to
another. . , . -. ¦¦-.¦' . ' ' .'
I believe that the true meaning of the char
ter is' that the commissioners are responsible
to the Mayor, and that he, as an elective offi
cer, is responsible to the people, and that
there should be a loyal co-operation -between
them; but that the commissioners should be al
lowed a wide discretion in putting policies Into
force and effect, and the Mayor should not In
terfere unless there be an abandonment on the
part 'of the commissioners or the people's de
clared aod deliberate will, or if they suffer
flagrant abuses to creep into the administra
tion. The charter gives the Mayor the right to
attend meetings of the commissioners and to
make suggestions. Due weight should be given
to his suggestions on account of the Importance
of his office and of his responsibility to the
people. But within their Jurisdiction the
boards or commissions are independent bodies.
..: The 2 financial; condition of ; the 'city, 'as will
be apparent fromthls showing/ has ; never -btien
better.- Us net. funded; debt ,1s' only '$,11,000 a
condition unparalleled among cities of the world
of Jta i size and . importance.'-^ It . has property : In
lands and. buildings the. value of which is es
timated-at $20,000,000. It 'is therefore in a po
sition ; toMmprove s Its r municipal- equipment, by
Issuing bonds,, which, as required by law shall
run for 'forty; years at a small : per "cent inter
est. V^The proceeds will" constitute ' the city's
capital, which.' when invested in its business, of
making a model municipality,- will come back
" '.-'. The .credit of the.; city, therefore, r Is ' excel
lent. ;.Tne . charter, provides for a solvent gov
ernment. 'No warrant can ' be , drawn except
upon , an -. unexhausted', specific ¦ appropriation
That { provision ¦ and < the : one-twelfth ' limitation
makes us pay ass' we-go.'v :¦'--• —
Credit of :the i City ; Is : Excellent.
The first year under -the charter the assess
ment roll was assumed .to be $375,000,000,' and
the tax levy raised a sufficient sum to meet the
current expenses of the government and allowed
about $40,000 for improvements: -but as a mat
ter of fact the Assessor subsequently 'returned
a roll of $410,000,000, and hence for. that- year
there was a large surplus unappropriated by the
budget, which, under the ' charter ; rule, passed
Into • the ¦ surplus ' of* the ¦ following fiscal ¦ y«ar
beginning July 1. 1901. With other Items, the
surplus in the generalfund amounted to $297, -
000. J Again, in the. first fiscal- year under the
charter, le*jr was made for Interest and sink
ing funds on bonds which had ' been voted by
the-' people, but > were Invalidated by the Su
preme Court. That money was also available
as surplus and amounted to $225,000, making
approximately, a surplus available, for this fiscal
year of $520,000. The board appropriated from
this surplus to the Board of, Public Works,
principally for street. improvements and build
ings, a sum Aggregating, $200,000, and for the
payment of old claims authorized by constitu
tional'amendment, for which the city: creditors
had waited for ten years, the sum of $292.»D0
This included payment of ; over $100,000 to the
teachers of. the School Department.' So the out
going administration may: Justly claim. that it
has redeemed the credit of. the city, and while
paying its. debts, is able to provide for exten
sive • public improvements without --going be
yond the dollar limit of taxation. ; .<
The unusual sources of revenue. for this fis
cal year are due, therefore, to the interest and
sinking fund accumulation and the unexpected
increase of last \ year s - assesment : roll ; -¦¦ but
apart - from ¦ these- considerations, '-¦ as - we tmve
seen," it is reasonable to expect. more than $230 -
000, as a surplus in excess of the cost of maln-
, tainlng Uhe i government to be devoted to pub
lic Improvements.-; This Is. shown on the report
of Cyril EoWllllams,. the expert of the Finance
. Committee. ; dated December .-19. 1901. *
Figures on Taxation.
The charter has next In order provided an
economical and: progressive government. Under
the old law there was practically no limit upon
taxation, and the rate for State and city and
county purposes has within ' the past ¦ seven
years been as high as $2 15, against a rate this
year of $1,556, of which $1,076 Is for city pur
poses and the balance for State. The charter
limits taxation to $1 for all city purposes ex
cept the maintenance of parks and provision for,
interest and sinking funds.' This is an organic
check upon extravagance, ¦ antl • when once the
funds are apportioned by the budget, they are
inviolable and -cannot be diverted during the
year. " This Insures a paid up government and
prevents deficits at the end of each fiscal year,
a calamity which visited the city perennially
under the old system. In June, 1900, the bud
get was as follows :. For maintenance of 'the
city.' government proper, $5,146,700; for Interest
and -sinking funds for -proposed bonds, for hos->
pltal, sewers, school* houses and parks, $446,
285; total, $5,602,985. .
MS The amount provided by the budget of June,
1901, -for the city was $5,825,100, of which the
receipts . f r<Jm other ¦ sources * '¦ than taxation
amounted to $1,470,100. Of the revenue from
other sources than taxation the principal items
were from the' State school fund,. $695,000, and
from licenses. -$470,000. : In the -year 1838-1809,
before the charter took effect, the amount of
licenses collected was< $505,082. As the char
ter abolished : license taxation on mercantile
business, it was, expected that there would be
a loss on- this item of $100,000, : whereas it ap
pears that there is a loss of but $35,000. • -
Says Government Is Economical.
While the charter . Is not free from defects
common to all human documents, . which may
now be cured by amendment if necessary, still
it has proved Its worth and conferred Innum
erable benefits upon our people. It has. as we
have seen; freed us from the Legislature and
trom interference by the Governor. . Many of
the' other great cities of the country still loofe
to the Legislature for their laws, whereas San
Francisco has advanced from that stage, it
has introduced a civil service system, which
applies under the decisions of the courts to
all offices, boards and commissions except the
Sheriff. Treasurer. County Clerk Recorder.
Coroner and Asgessor. which are called county
Offices. This condition arose from the failure
of constitutional amendment 8%, -Article JU.
to mention, in* addition to "terms and com
pensation", therein expressed, the word «uall
.flcatlon." That is to say, according to the su
preme Court it was not competent •- lor tne
charter to require the subordinates of co« n^
officers to have certain qualifications, to be
demonstrated by..- civil service examination
(This was unfortunate and can be remedied by
proposing a constitutional , amendment, wnicn
no doubt will be done. The Civil Service Com
missioners • have industriously and" conscien
tiously classified the civil service of the city
and have held , numerous examinations, as a
result of which they have prepared eligible
lists for the several offices and departments
amenable to the law. ¦
There are In the city government, in round
numbers, 3400 positions. Including teachers, po
licemen and firemen, and uver sixty per cent of
this number are subject to the civil service pro
visions of the charter, -and if we aid
1004 employes of the School Department, hold
ing under a-clvll service of its own, the per
centage would be about ninety per cent. It
is accepted by all disinterested officials, who
have had experience with the system, that It
not only promotes efficiency, but protects a
public officer, who with a trained staff enters
upon the discharge of his duties. It confers
an' equal 'benefit upon -the- men who are em
ployed and who are protected so long as they
faithfully perform their work. I trust that this
system, which has been so successfully begun.
wlll.be protected. by the Incoming administra
tion against the assaults t«f its enemies.
Charter Not Free From Defects.
• To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisor!:
It has been customary for the retiring Mayor
to make a .statement of the condition of the
municipality during his administration. As - 1
have sent messages to the Board of Supervisors
on' the occasion of my inauguration - on three
different occasions I will confine myself more
particularly f to the last two years under the
charter government. . '
When, five years ago, I assumed the duties
of the office of Mayor and for the three years
thereafter,- the city lived under what ' was
known as the consolidation act. which con
sisted of various statutes which had been
passed from time to time by the Legislature,
and the Governor of the State exercised certain
powers over the municipality in the appoint
ment of .boards or commissions. . Every l^eina
lature tinkered with the municipality, creating
new offices and Inflicting upon our people un
reasonable and unjust legislation. -On f our
different - occasions our citizens had^tnea 10
throw off the legislative yoke by. proposing
freeholders charters, which for inherent defects
failed at the polls. I . had . the honor Im
mediately after my first election to »PP° Int a
freeholders convention of one , hundred, a
thoroughly "representative body, which pro
ceeded to draft an advisory charter, and to
nominate a board of freeholders "five"
legal expression. The nominees of this con
vention were elected and the charter thay
framed after having been voted on by tne peo
ple and' approved by the Legislature, became,
on the 8th day of January. 1900. the organic
law of the city. From that. moment San Fran
cisco was practically exempt from legislative
interference in its municipal ¦ affairs and De
came a free city. That charter has now had
a trial of two years. The outgoing admin
istration has had, therefore, the responsibility
of inaugurating It and defending its provisions
when attacked in the courts, of interpreting it
in dally practice and of establishing precedents.
;, .' his idea, the : charter . hag pro
duced In municipal affairs. He admitted
that the charter is not free from defects,
but claimed that these could be remedied
by. amendments. He referred to the ex.
tremely .small funded .debt of" the city,,
but neglected to state that it was quite
as small before the charter went into ef
fect. - He , bestowed -compliments on the
.Commissioners of his own appointment
and expressed the opinion that the dollar
limit -yields ample funds for the (mainte
nance of the city government. He paid a
tribute to the city officials who had paistd
away. during his regime.: The. address (was
as follows:. -,•;.:•: V
EX-RIAYOR PHELAN'S addreiss
to the Board of Supervisors on
retiring irpm the office which. he
-has held for, five years past was
devoted principally to the im
provements < which, according to
. The men -who toll have been woefully mis
represented, and have been lamentably misun
derstood. Misunderstanding is frequently the
foot of all difficulty. The sentiment of. the
great majority of my fellow- workers is as
mine. It would surprise some of you to know
how widely diffused among them is a knowl
edge of the great industrial, social . and econ
omic questions, what profound study many
have given to them, and how conservative and
sensible most of them are. I am glad that to
me Is irlven the proud opportunity of proving
to all t.ae people of San Francisco, to her busi
ness ln'^rests as well as to the large and im
portant body of my friends, the •: laboring
masses, that mutual confidence and trust; re
ciprocal regard. and consideration will secure
permanent peace, continuous good feeling and
certain prosperity, to the merchants and to the
manufacturer, to wage-worker and employe
I trust that during my administration may
be established a broader and better under
standing, that there may be harmony in place
of discord, satisfaction in place of resentment,
peace Instead of strife. There should be a
friendly and sympathetic cohesion and co
operation of employer and employe, ¦ and so far
as may be possible an avoidance of all indus
trial dissension and Industrial discontent. Com
mercial panics and strikes are usually forced
growths, and conditions which foster or
breathe them ebould not be encouraged. As I
bave eald on many occasions, capital must have
steady and secure Investment in order that la-
Toilers Are Misunderstood.
I wi6:s to represent to you In my own per
•on that the working classes of our community,
granted their equaf rights and fair treatment.'
will co-operate with their fellow-citizens in the
maintenance of law and of social order.
I pledge myself honestly and fairly to give
equal consideration and protection to all and
to ehow -neither favoritism nor prejudice for or
against any element or class. I do not believe
in radical measures, am essentially conserva
tive, but I shall demand for the wage-earner
the Earae conservative and fair treatment
which tls employer ever insists on. ' .
And in these sentiments I am not alone — the
major jwrtion of the wage-workers of San
Francis<s> are equally as conservative. I am
but the:r representative.
JCot o:sly during my entire campaign, but also
In my address to the convention of my party
before my nomination, no sentiment was more
enthusisistically received, more loudly applaud
ed by my hearers than such as I have just ut
tered. When in my first address I said, and I
meant it then 'as I mean it now, that I be
lieved ia the fair and friendly consideration of
invested caDital as correlative to similar con
siderations for organized labor, "the rafters
lalriy eaook."
When I eald that in the peaceful unlonof the
«rage-efxner and his peaceful and friendly af
filiation with those who employ him lies . the
(tope of an advancing civilization and the cer
tainty of a national prosperity, the cheers
te-ere deafening. When I said that I depre
cated violence and was in favor of peaceful
measures at all hazards, that I believe in equal
tepresentatlon for employer, as well as for em
ploye, for rich as well as for poor, for capital
M well as for labor, the applause was tremen
tous.
I embrace the occasion here to renew to the
people of San Francisco the pledges which I
made d urine my canvassing for office. I do
not sneak with one voice before election and
with siiother now. So far as I can control
the course of events, to the utmost limit of
my power, there shall during my term of office
be a cli'an and honest government, a fair and
just recognition of all classes, equal rights to
all and EDecial privileges to none. I repeat
my assurance to all the eonssrvative elements
of our municipality that the granting of repre
sentation to the wage earners of San Fran
cisoo in the affairs of our city government doet
not imiily the arrayal of labor against capi
tal, of employer acraiast employe, or the es
tafcllshrsent of any class distinction based or
wealth or social position, religion or any .foun
dation other than good citizenship and fair,
honest Sealing, but that it means on the-con
trary, that there will be no Industrial dis
turbancts, no social revolution, no Justified de
preciatiin of values, no danger to vested in
terests, no damage to private rights.
Equal Eights to Working Classes.
But"vbile I recognize the force and strength
whica the charter nas placed in my hands. I
realize that this Is not and shall not . be a
one-mart government. I desire and invite your
effective support and co-cperation. and on my
part I promise you fair and equitable consid
eration and assistance in everything which
makes lor the betterment of our city and her
people. . -.'. «.it "- ,
We can make of this city a great metropolis.
It is her manifest destiny and our duty in
this reswd is plain. We must put into effect
broad-minded, liberal ideas. The time of a
etralt- Jacket for San Francisco lias - almost
passed, and we may now look forward .with
much t.oue to her adornment with rajjes of
beauty and with vestments of tolerance . and
of faitli appropriate to her wealth and her
position among the cities of the earth.
To you. gentlemen, and to me is given the
privilege of assisting in her material pi ogress
and in the making of her brilliant history.
The people have endowed us with proud hon
ors. Let us live up to the obligations of our
position; let us Justify their confidence,
and hand in hand, shoulder to shoulder, let us
together with the other officials of the city
labor and toil for a progressive, honest, busi
nesslike administration of her affairs.
Gentlemen of the Board of • Supervisors : In
assuming the lmj-ortant and dignified station
to which the people of this city have elected
me, I wish to express a realizing sense of
the weighty and serious duties which have
devolved. u»oa me as the chief executive, of fl
eer of the municipality, and also upon you,
as the legislative body of the city and the
source, of -all its financial and law-making
power. ¦
The rrobl^ras which confront *us i are - many
and important, and our attitude toward them
will make our work smoother or the more
difficult, as we may govern our actions and
conduct when they arlte. More and varied
Questions will arise in the next two years.
The organic law of the city has vetted in
the Miyor great power. That power he may
use or abuse. So far ai lies in me no man
shall truthfully say when my term of office
shall hi've expired that I ever knowingly or
consciovsly misused such power or directed it
to improper or unfair use.
Hot a One-Man Government.
heads of departments to in
sure frood government. The ; working
classes were assured that they -would be
granted equal privileges under the new
administration. 'Mr." Scbmitz" stated that
there had been too much fighting between
capital and labor and urged a cessation
of hostilities for all time. He found fault
•w ith the Soard of Public Works, • the
Board of Education and the Police Com
mission and criticized the Board of Health
for a poH^y tending to Injure the com
merce of the coast. The address was
punctuated by frequent applause on the
part of the spectators, many of whom
were his supporters when he ran for of
fice. The address follows:^
MAYt)R SCHMITZ. in his inaug
ural address to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday, out
lined his future policy and
urgad loyal co-operation on
the part of Commissioners and
It would be a distinct municipal betterment
.if Police' Commissioners would not throw the
weight of their great influence to one: side or
the other in an industrial • contest, i I do not
wlshiit to be, understood that it is not * their
duty . at all hazards to preserve law and order
.But some of the unfakest acts known innocent
men attacked without cause or apparent ex
cuse, , may be among the results ' of an over
; zealous devotion to the ' cause [ of I one > side ' of
such a controversy. ¦ We , should : have -better
schoolhouses : and more of . them. - - The ¦ schools
must » be generally - looked after. The ¦ hope of
our entire governmental system Is. based uoon
them. I ¦ believe the time has arrived ' when
th city should pay more attention. to the proper
and permanent paving of its streets and should
restrict within reasonable limits their constant
Slap at Police Commission.
And equally obnoxious with this is the util
ization of a great department for the purpose
of creating a large municipal" expense or the
exploitation of personal ambitions or the se
curity of political notoriety. This may not
necessarily be corrupt, but if is ; not honest.
It would be a great municipal improvement if
Boards of Health would consider seriously the
danger and injury to the commercial and labor
interests of San Francisco. berore foisting upon
the % world sensational and -, Ill-founded reports
of the existence of ' the . dread bubonic plague
in our midst; if a Board of Public Works would
put- more of the taxpayers' money into the im
provement of our streets, in paving, :'¦ lighting
and sewering and less Into the salaries of high
priced deputies and fancy-figured • experts; if
ten . dollars of salaries were not required for
one dollar of improvements; it would be a dis
tinct municipal advantage if the city would
sweep its own streets with its own machines
instead of giving enormous profits to contrac
tors, who sometime*. It Is charged, receive pay
for work which is not . done and who do not
pay adequate wages for the work < which is
done. It would not.be a bad idea to have a
municipal paving plant Private corporations
with, work of far • less magnitude ' find • no . dif
ficulty In doing It cheaply and well, with- thSf
own . f orees. It would also be . a distinct mu-'
nicipal benefit If Civil Service Commissioners
who" promulgate rules of - political . conduct for
their subordinates and for those who come
within their jurisdiction would', follow '-their
own, precepts and abstain from offensive po
litical intrigues. .; .. .; - f>
Criticizes Health Board.
;*I .believe the teachers of the I public ! schools
are' entitled to promotion for . meritorious ser
vice instead, of being obliged discontentedly to
stand by while political influence'and'.favor
itism place new men or women /over them.
Euch methods certainly do not advance | the
efficiency of the department. These sugges
tions are all in the line of bettering the condi
tions of the individual and of caring, for the
rights of the Individual man. The happiness
and contentment of the individual is the basis
of the prosperity of the state.' It is the same
principle which led me to. champion the cause
of the laboring man in the recent political con
test and to accept the nomination which I has
now brought me here to address you as Mayor
of " San IVancisco. - I am opposed to utilizing
any department of the city government for po
litical or partisan .'purposes and to using the
money of the city for the payment of salaries
to unnecessary ornamental clerks for the sup
port of a political machine." . It will be a' great
municipal betterment if the - business of the
city could be conducted on principles'of-tfusl
ness economy, as each one of us would conduct
his own business. • . -"<•-. • : •¦
Protect Teachers in Positions.
I > believe the members of the Fire Depart
ment should be given a "day off" once in
every ten and a'. week or two annually. for va
cation. They are < now obliged to remain the
year round twenty-four hours per day at their
houses. Too constant strain has not achieved,
the' best 'eventual results. I believe the mem
bers of the Police Department should have the
hours of their toil lessened. . .Twelve hours, In
my Judgment, is too much for the best results.
An. eight-hour day ought to be enough. , . -.
For example, I should consider it a matter of
great public ' advantage : if ; at least once a
week for. ttoe- benefit of '.the overworked mothers
and children, -of- the. city, we could provide at
the city" r. expense- opeli air concerts in a few
of our public squares. I would strongly favor
the erection in Golden Gate Park of a perma
nent building for the purposes of the Park
museum, and would gladly assist in making an
extra ' appropriation for that purpose.' Th^
advantages of collections of such objects as are
contained in our present young museum, for
education and the development of learning and
of -art are recognized the world over. They
cannot be too safely, too expansively housed.
The acquisition of the Geary Street Railroad
as an experiment in municipal 'management "of
public utilities and the ultimate, acquisition of
other utilities are also - in the line of great
municipal betterments. 3 I ' believe- one of my.
erstwhile journalistic critics has ¦ found fault
with one of my former utterances in this : re
gard-.' I said -that "many, men X>f .experience >
who have given great thought to these ques
tions view with much, doubt the practicability
atvi exp<?3lency^of . such ownership." -This Is,
t:uc, and I have . recently examined .lnto^ the
matter very thoughtfully and find my' state
ment confirmed; but the people of- San" Fran*
Cisco tri their charter ami- the platform of- my
party have distinctly- declared ¦ the-.; polfcy >of
San Francisco in this regard and I promise to
carry out- the purpose to the extent of : my
ability in a practical and businesslike ' way.
' Favors Carnegie library.-'- Sj
I favor the immediate acquirement of a suit-,
able site for the Carnegie Free Public Library
and the immediate erection of the library build
ing. In connection with this I should be glad
to -«e large public assembly rooms, for tht
free use. of the people, under proper regulation
and control, including- such lxjwers as might
be used for national, con vent Ions, political, rc
ligious or" social. : . 'Any thing*' which 'makes the
people more contented or more, happy is for the
benefit of - the city, * and> ' I . would therefore
strongly favor liberal' appropriation for Golden
Gate Park and similar purposes.
I should like to see the harbor front under
municipal control, and its 'management put on
a good, practical business' basis, with compe
tent and trained employes, so that the ! com
merce and ' business of the water front would
be conducted * for • the i •¦ accommodation
and comfort of the business men .in
stead of* for the maintenance' -of . a great
and perhaps successful political bureau. I fa
vor decidedly the. establishment of the prin
ciple that goods of home manufacture should
be givun preference . In all supplies for public
institutions. This I believe to be in' the inter
ests of the manufacturer and merchants, and
the workingmen of this city, who pay- our taxes
and support our local government,' as 'against
foreign and external manufactures , and : mer
chants who take, their, profits hence and con
tribute nothing to the support of .our govern
ment.' our Institutions or our. wage earners.
We have done too much fighting in this town.
Capital not only contends with labor and labor
with capital, but capital fights capital arid'la
bor oft strives against itself. Our friends, the
newspapers, sometimes fight capital,' and some
times nght- labor. They frequently flght one
another, and during.- pqlitical -times they" all
fight some of us who may happen to run for
Mayor. But seriously, we waste too much en
ergy against one another, when, by combining
forces, we could flght the world,' in commerce.
In industry, in manufactures, in. finance.' If
we were animated by an intelligent and con
certed purpose and would all put bur ' shoulders
to one wheel, instead of each devoting himself
to his seoarate wheel, and running in oppo
site directions; if we, to use the language of
the .day, would not let our own separate and
peculiar little wheels run us. • = ' ••'
I believe that with the expanding opportuni
ties now offered us of commerce with the Phil
ippines, and with the. Orient generally, with
the certainty of Increased trade with South and
Central America, with the possibilities of the
Isthmian canal, with the great manufacturing
and industrial possibilities opened up by the
discovery at hand, in the vast oil beds of thu
State, of vast deposits of cheap fuel; with the'
development of cheap electric power, we can
put San Francisco in the forefront of the cities
of the world, we- could increase our population
and, with the magnificent resources of - the
Golden State of California at, our back, we
could hold . our own with the most favored
community on-the-tece- of- the- earth-.- - All we
need is a little more confidence, a little trust,
a little liberality with one another. We Teally
need no Eastern or foreign capital to carry
away our profits. It is of course' cordially
welcome but ought not- to be absolutely nec
essary. ' But on these general lints I have per
haps said enough. . I have so. often presented
my views on matters of specific municipal inter
ests and they have been ao widely spread by
the press tnat they have ere this become un
doubtedly well known. " • ....'.'
Harbor Front Under City's Control.
Too Much. Fighting Done.
From -my etandpoint, this would ,. in reality
be San Francisco's greatest and most ..impor
tant municipal Improvement, for .- from. Jt all
other advantages and prosperities would flow. ,
bor may have constant and remunerative em
ployment. But labor must also have fair and
respectful consideration and decent and honor
able treatment. The . might of organised capi
tal must not be thrown Into the scale for .the
organized oppression of labor, organized. or un
organized. The theoretical right of American
citizens peacefully to combine for th£tr own
protection and amelioration Is -always con
ceded, but Its practical execution has /often
been denied. •" Let us get upon common ground,
and let us strive in unison for a larger, a bap
pier, a more prOBperous, a greater San "Fran
cisco. • • . -.•«.¦...¦ . ..--', i '.'¦;•
Schmite Looks to ruture, rull ot Courage and
Cohhdent of the Loyal Support
of the Jreople* r
PLEDGES ADMINISTRATION
TO BUSINESS-LIKE RULE
AND TO EQUAL JUSTICE
Phelan: Speaks in Retrospective Mood in Turning
Over the 'Mayor's Office to His
Successor. •
CHAMPIONS NEW CHARTER
AND DEFENDS HIS RECORD
AS THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
SCHMITZ STANDS WHERE PHELAN STOOD, WITH HOPE AS HIGH
THE # SAN FRANOISCO C^AJLIi,- THURSDAY, ; : JAN V UABY- '9^ 1902.
. !^|»^,HB';*harter hai provided an economical and
r. ¦ ¦ •"¦ t.progrresslye government. ;. .;-. '.'..•;:"'.•;- "¦.¦^¦;>-, r -:.v-,-:.- -.'
v 1 " I ! during;'
A JL ; , >. thei last }Jtvrp V years, 5 fmany. miles ': of "'
'¦''*¦ < !> ?v..sti'eets^ % arid* ; the^character:'of 'the'-.vro'rfe <hai
r •'),-.; Vljeen '.first : class. ¦;;•-¦ ¦<¦¦?. .;. . /• ;•' ". ; ;.->-¦ ¦' -¦- . .
• - • '• The- : School ' : Department* has -< been jereatly ¦ ~ im- i
proved : in': efficiency . and the schools * are now con- '•
ducted Jn:tbjellAtere*i;of Ithe children, ;:.;.';:- _ . .
> .:,The ;higli. reputation !_whlch- the Board' of ' Super
visors ,'serylngr for /the "< last '!two ; years', has; enjoyed 1 ,'
and the : confide nee with .-which . it ' was regarded' Is
ra' tribute not only, to. the character of. the men'-nho ,"
have had the \ honor of :' aervins ' under "the charter, '•
to' the.charter/itself. ; -^ • • '/- -'¦¦ '¦. ¦¦¦]_
)¦ ," .. The. Park ) ComnUssion has maintained the same *
• high average o f " the \ Election
missioners ' have I creditably - performed '. their , f unc
itipnji. ';\*,V -.<¦ ¦>¦;.¦'-. '¦[¦.': • '- •'¦;'.! ; ,2 ¦¦¦- ¦¦,'¦ J .-.-i''\rti^-""-."'^'-- ¦ ¦V'^w"''' '4 f»
• :^.It\wonld nave been a great satisfaction for thin
administration to » have', settled the ; differences' be- .
i'tween; ; employer ;and • employ e,» the '-} Slay or yand Su-
intervened 'for this 'purpose, but .:
trheii negotiations (ailed and a -physical /conflict .
was .precipitated, it. was .likewise n satisfaction -to,
:the i administration' and to the'_ thqugrhtful and pa- -
.triotic-people' of this city, that the law wa» upheld^
¦ without, 1 ;'' an • appeal, : as : many hastily requested, for
State arid; Federal" aId-W\ i ; H'^.v^V^-;^ •¦' r ¦'¦¦.¦"S
¦:] i So },ihe dutKoinK 1 • administration may [ / justly
claim that it has redeemed" the credit of the cltr,
and, while pay In«r its debts,* is' able, to- provide, for
extensive: public.', imnrbvements .withont groins . be
ty6nd^the(dpllar.'Jlniit?q3t;taxatlbni?'- :•«¦;,¦:* : ;:.
'¦¦ .v, While vthe charter is not free, from, defects coin
.mon .to all human documents, which may now. be ;
'cured^by.' amendment ; ;I* necessary, still it has
"proved/, its -worth and conferred innumerable foene— .
rflts- upon our people.":* •-;,-,- .-;.¦; ' -v~ . '¦•'.-¦• • .. ' - / V
"-... - So, hereafter,= no special should ;'\be
granted, ; but '- the general -ordlminces should .be no ¦,
; amended'as to-; include ' any 1 public benefit -which it
'may be, believed ' a special privilege could confer'
upon"; the city. .',' No . citizen: should be denied, under -
I lilce ./conditions ,; a pri vlleg-'e wli ich is | granted to an
other^Ex-Maj-or: Plielan. ' ,' ' ..¦• • ;
I recommend the appointment qf^a* committee of
the. Board 7ot* Supervisors to act . With., a committee
of other citizens to extend a.' formal" invitation -'.to'
the President of the United Statesto 1 visit thi» city
and to make preparations .for his < appropriate re
ception, should he accept.— Mayor Schniitr. : • ¦ • . .
the pe'bple.": / ¦-' *•¦•'';¦.' ).V /.•¦'.•.*.'¦ '-'¦¦ ¦ : ¦', .V'V* -.-r •»'¦:•. ¦- ¦-'-•' X^tS-y:
is' certain that.*- the charter ¦'' needs.;' many
amendments ; and' much . % revision.': I recommend
strong-ly 'immediate action..;- by, your committee : on
charter amendments' ioolvingr toward speedy .j relief
in this connection.' \ ;V' . -h' * * '''¦¦¦¦•'^¦''^' i 'C.'y. '¦ ;,-' ¦* ! '.' r '''
. In my opinion' it would ; be,proper r for the city to
acquire Its i»ece»«ia_ry .public utilities, »neli »¦ water
and artificial, light, which are .prime, necessities, of
I .wojtld- favor , the;: liberal: appropriation . of
moneys' for the 1 permanent j Improvement of .bur
streets.' 'It se'ems".to;be, inth'e .ej^.d* the'.best'eeon-j
omy. .. : : . > ; 7 : ;'': : . ;.;*V- .' \ '¦'¦¦•' ' '•'¦ : :-.' .--.-' ¦" r'7V*'.--'v ¦• '--.' r. :r -'-\'.. •'. ¦¦
'-: IlbelieVe .'tne^tedchers'of • the public] schools are
entitled /to promotion for meritorious service ''In
stead; of 'betas ofrMsred^discontentedly. *^ to .stand : by
while political influence and' favoritism place new
men or. womenloTer'theni.i • V-- ' ' . W^v; . v'v '¦•¦.""-.'._ v;",".V" J . '¦¦'-
;-\ H V<juld;lie a distinct mtinclpal j benefit :if: Civil
Service Coromissioners who 'promulgate .^rules of
political ¦ conduct ' f or^t^elr - ¦ub'ordinates > and "for
those wno'Scome .'within ".their " jurisdiction-.^ would
follow'--' their /own 'precepts and-abstaln from-offen
sive; political .Intrlprues. •.'.''..: ,, ;l '•''~yi--r.\~~"''> ¦¦'¦'¦:¦ '.-: ':¦ '¦ .'.-
.The might of ..- organized -; capital: must not -be
thrown Into • the 'scale, for the organized oppression
of labor,' -orsranlxed" or jnnorgraniaedi-l'rr:'"/' .*¦'/-• -.y.
" ; V\ye. hajre; done | tooj intich_ ligrhtlngr/in I this "town.'
Capital not*^>ily" contends •'with ¦[_ : ,lttb'<ir >. and ¦-'" labor,
with capital,* but' capital ; fights capital '. and;: labor
oft ¦triVes' ; apainst:'itself.\ : '.: - v. : i.,;S ; -.'*-'^\ •¦• . .'."Ax' : ';},:
. . ; persph that the workln«clagseg of our com
innnitr, granted' their .equal rishts and- fair • treat
ment, will ; co, -operate , with their . fellow ¦ citizens in
.the nmln«i»nflii(-» nf law and of . 8flciaJ_lo_rder r - .£_
WHILE I recoyrnlce the iforce.and ..strenKlh
tvliich 1 1 He charter, haa ' placed I in. my handh,
I realiie that ;tbis .Is not, and shall not>p;;
a' one-man government. :. ."¦ -T ':.•¦ <,' ' J ¦ ;' ,'" , :
: ' /\»'vl? Wljih: to 'represent tb;,yoii • in* my 4 own
KEYNOTES SOUNDED IN SPEECHES
OF THE OLD AND THE NEW MAYOR
Continued on Page Five.
Continued From Page .One;
OLD STEPS OUT, NEW^COMES^IN.
2
i : ; ",j>To;Curo a;Cold in One ; Day v
Take' Laxative . Bromo-Qutnine- - Tablets. .TAIl
drupfi-lsts -refund; the .-moneys If It 'f ails' to-curc."
E.\\\'." Grove's signature Is , on each box, ¦ 25c. ¦
ATlvKK.TTftWM H'M'PHl
Pears'
Its least virtue is that
it Lists so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears' soap cleanliness—
perfect . cleanliness and ]
comfort: .
' Sold all over the -world.
Hr.Lyon'^
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used, by people of refinement'
for -over a Quarter of a century.
advertisements:
Does Not Disappoint,
Tha New , Discovery for Catarrh Seems to
-Possess RenarkaWe Merit.
. A .new- catarrh' -cure; has recently ap-
peared which so far as tested has been
remarkably successful In curing all forma
of catarrh, whether In the head, throat*'
bronchial tubes or in stomach and liver.
The remedy is in tablet form, pleasant,
and convenient to take, and no - special
secrecy is maintained as to what it con-
tains, the tablet being a scientific com-
bination of Blood root. Red gum and sim-
ilar valuable and harmless antiseptics.
The safe and effective catarrh cure may
be found at any drug- store under the
name of Stoart's Catarrh Tablets.
Whether the catarrh is located In the
nose, throat, bronchial tubes or stomach.
th6 v tablets seem to act with equal suc-
cess, removing the stuffy feeling to head
and nose, clearing the mucous membrane
of throat and trachea from catarrhal se-
cretions, which cause the tickling, cough-
ing, hawking and gagging so annoying to
every catarrh sufferer. " •¦ * :
Nasal catarrh 'generally leads to -ulcera-
tion.-ln some cases to such an extent as
to destroy the nose entirely and in many
old cases of catarrh the bones of the head
become diseased. Nasal catarrh grad-
ually extends to the throat and bronchial
tubes "and very often to the stomach,
causing that very obstinate trouble, ca-
tarrh of the stomach. •
Catarrh is a systemic poison, inherent
In the blood, and • local washes, douche*,
salves, inhalers and" sprays can- have no
effect on the real cause of the disease.
An internal remedy which acts upon the
blood is the only rational treatment " and
Stuart's CatarTh Tablets is the safest of
all Internal remedies, as well as the most
convenient and satisfactory from a med-
ical standpoint. '
Dr. Eaton recently stated that he had
successfully used . Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets in old chronic cases, even where ul-
. ceration had extended so far -as to de-
stroy the septum of the nose. He says:
VI am pleasantly surprised almost every !
day by the excellent results from Stuarf'a
Catarrh .Tablets. It Is remarkable how
effectually, they remove the excessive se-
< cretion and bring about a healthy con-
dition of the mucous membranes of the
nose, throat and stomucn."
' AH druggists sell complete treatment of
the Tablets -at 50 cents and a little book
giving the symptoms and causes of thV
various forms of catarrh "will be mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Ma--
i shall, Mich. > . '''liHIIIIIHiBWolIWi
a-O^i^rv%, ¦^ -Sfc.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 4
{MUSEUM OF MATOHyJ
\ ,,. T^ *-*3f n l Anatomical Museum in the \
W »9RP>Bk. ' <?. oxUi •'"^.Weaknesses or any contracteri A
A WISH *se»«.»«"»»'»7ear«dh,th e oide s if
!$&£& DB - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
If ¦?*«*•»• Cure in erery e»e nnaerttken. Y
r 11 Wlv w we f«r Hook. paiiOH<irnVar A
A » & wimble book fo» m»a) .'***• »*T
f DS.Jur.DAX&«:&., 1051 Market Si; S. F. f
/££& OR. MEYERS & CO.
fe%r^^ \ socialists roa mix.
• l'W<aH' I- Established isSL Con-
r V , * ~ r I . snltatton and private boos
\ VWtj&BLi'l treea t orflca or by-mall,
\ ' J t:ure3 guaranteed.
1 W - m ttARKETrST.
> <J±i*' v SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
- ' '-MiTWWlllir - . - .. ".The vote was then taken by roll call on
the adoption of the resolution thanking
Governor Gage. The resolution was adopt
ed by a vote of 7997 for and 3800 against.
Owing to the by-laws of the State Federa
tion allowing delegates present to' vote
the full strength of the, unions they rep
resented the resolution prevailed, though
the majority of the delegates present w«re
opposed to its adoption.
The appointments made by Mayor
Schmitz of San Francisco caused consider
able disappointment in the hearts of many
of the delegates. It is safe to say that
had the delegates known yesterday the
names of Schmitz's appointees the new
President Rodgers appointed a sergeant
at-arms, and Andy Porter of the Vallejo
Labor Council was selected to maintain
order. Porter threatened that if dele
gates did not behave as gentlemen he
would eject them from the hall. A vote
was then taken on the amendment to
send the resolution to the City Front
Federation and for that body to thank
Governor Gage if it desired. The vote
was recorded by unions, those present
voting the entire representation of their
unions. The roll was called for and re
sulted in the defeat of the amendment
by 9907 noes and 29€9 ayes.
Zant of the Carpenters' Union of San
Francisco made a long speech In fa'vor of
the resolution of thanks to Gbge, and
when some delegates wanted to 'close the
debate by moving the previous
there was an uproar in the half:
Westoby then told of how Gage had
single-handed ended the strike and won
2. victory for the labor unions. He com
mended the Governor for not having
called out the National Guard, and was
frequently interrupted in his eulogy of
the chief executive of the State.
"An attack has been made on the City
Front Federation. We went out on strike
when we had no grievance. We went out
to help the teamsters and we went back
when the teamsters were reinstated.
There was no secrecy over the settlement
of the strike. The members of the com
mittee had every knowledge when the
meeting was to take place. The Em
ployers' Association asked the Governor
not to make the terms of settlement pub
lic, but they were afterward given to
the newspapers."
T. Westoby of the San Francisco City
Front Federation was then given the
floor. He said:
Defends the Federation.
Delegate A- Doland of the Porters' and
Packers' Union of San Francisco opposed
the resolution and said that there had
been no settlement of the strike and no
thanks were due to Governor Gage.
Fifty delegates were on their feet try
ing to secure recognition from the chair,
and ' President Rodgers had to wield his
gavel for some time before order was re
stored.
,' Ga Jl' e asked the union men on strike,"
said Grubb "to go back to work with
scabs. He brought about a settlement
of the strike by coercion, and you who
support this know it. The
settlement was made in secret and was a
put-up job by the City Front Federation,
for it was ait over before many of the
members of the committee arrived. What
were Gage's terms of settlement? He
told us to go back to work 'or out comes
the militia." " .
Samuel Grubb of the Hot Water and
Steam Fitters' Union of San Francisco
optained the floor and severely criticized
Governor Gage and his supporters in the
convention.
Another scene cf disorder greeted the
end of Macarthur's speech, dozens of
delegates shouting, "This is no political
meeting."
W hen order was restored Macarthur
resumed his speech and declared that
,"*e people of California expect us to
thank Governor Gage, and if we take no
steps in that direction they will say we
are controlled by the Governor's politi
cal opponents." p
r,« Tnl . s resolution." said Macarthur, "has
no political influence and there was no
secrecy in the. terms of the settlement of
wtat t wfri w tt i^r™ lu " e to thank ? ase '
Loud cries greeted Macarthur at this
point, some delegates shouting, "We don't
care what Gage thinks," while others
wanted to know "What Job are you look-
George Auberdine of the Barbers' Union
of San Francisco opposed the resolution
and thought that Governor Gage had sim
ply done his duty "if he did anything at
all to end the strike. This resolution,"
said Auberdine. "is a political advertise
ment for Governor Gage and should be
voted down."
Chairman Macarthur of the committee
on resolutions and a member of the Sail
ors Lnion of San Francisco defended the
resolution. He declared that Gage was
"5.2? °. ne man in the State -to end the
strike and that he had "refused to bow
down before the influence of the Employ
ers Association of San Francisco and call
out the National Guard to shoot us
down.
Debate on the Resolution*
eration did not then adopt a vote of thanks
to Gage because it was afraid to do so. Now
It comes here and wants outside unions to do
so. If the City Front Federation wants to
thank Governor Gage It,' can do so. but this
convention should not pnt Itself on record in
that direction.
VALiI>EJO Jan. 8.— The morning ses
sion of the third day of the State
Federation of Labor Convention
witnessed a split of delegates
upon a political rock.
The convention members were late In
gathering at Samoset Hall. On reconven
ing after a short recess President Rodgers
called for reports from the committee on
resolutions and Chairman Macarthur of
the committee reported that he and his
associates favored a resolution thanking
Governor Gage for his services In the set
tlement of the recent strike in Sfci Fran
cisco. The 'resolution had been sent up
by John Bell of the Pacific Coast Marine
Firemen's Union and was the cause of
lively debate before it was adopted. The
xesolution was as follows:
Whereas, The sefjement of the etrike cf
the City Front Federation of Ean Francisco
was brought about by the Governor of Cali
fornia, the Hon. Henry T. Gage; be it
Resolved. By the sonventlon of the Califor
nia State Federation of Labor, in meeting as
sembled, that we tsnder our most heartfelt
thanks to the Governor of our State lor tlie
cervices rendered to the organized workinpnen
of this State; for his eminently fair and un
biased attitude during that industrial struggle,
and in its final adjustment; and. be it further
Resolved. That a copy of this resolution be
forwarded to the Hoi»- Henry T. Gage.
Delegate T. Reardon of the Iron Trades
Council made a vigorous protest against
the adoption of the resolution and moved
to amend that the City Front Federation
give its thanks to Governor Gage if It so
.desired. He said further:
It was not Phelan'8 crowd but the State
police that clubbed iJie strikers on the. water
front. It was the i:tate police that kept us
moving along and why Ehould wo be called
upon to thank Gage Tor the so-called settle
ment of the strike? There are hundreds of
r men unable .to get work on the water front
I : o-day, and "scabs' 1 are being protected by
the State pollc*. <
What kind of a settlement was made by the
City Front Federation and Governor Gage?
The matter was settled in secret. "Why are
fences to be found to-day on the State wharves?
They are maintained there by Gage to protect
the "scabs." Thes<» resolutions Ehould be
voted down. I have a copy of the minutes of
the secret meeting h«dd between the City Front
Federation and Governor Gage when they
claimed to have settled the strike. The fed-
, Special Dispatch, to The CalL
Action of the Governor During the Season of
Industrial Strife Is the Subject of
Lively Comment.
RESOLUTIONS ON STRIKE
PROVOKE A BRIEF STORM
OF POIGNANT CRITICISM
SHARP SPEECHES ENLIVEN THE LABOR CONVENTION
GUTHRIE, O. T.. Jan. 8.— Although! only
thirty: day* remain- In- which original home
steaders may 'file on -the 'claims,, in the recenj
Government; land' lottery there are: still hun
dreds of i claims without any visible habitation
or any other sign of improvement."
ALBANY, N. Y.; Jan.'.\8.— AlblH,. was .Intro
duced In , the l State '. Senate ' to-day; authorizing
; the I Governor to appoint I commissioners I of | this
State , at i the Louisiana . Purchase' Exposition " at '
St. : .Lbuie.'-'i The : bill also provides an approprla"
tlon' ot;$50,000 -for- a State; exhibit Vat the>'ex-"
position. » .' •
;';.] SAN RAFAEL. Jan/ 8.-Mrs. -A.. W. Fos
ter.-,whp 'was • taken . Ill . last rii^ht at i her
home In '¦ this city .with a severe ; attack ; of
pneumonia; is doing as well as; may, be
expected.V Her, Illness ' has taken .no turn
for the worse; and her physicians, Dr. - M.'
Gardner; and *Dr. '.W/; F... Jones, 'are J well
satisfied with the. progress their patient Is
making. Mrs.', Fosters la the /wife -of A.
\V. .Foster, president" of; the .California
Northwestern J Railroad ; Company, ; and . is
well', known' and > popular ; in > social? circles.-
Mrs. A; W.- Foster's Condition.'
adopted a resolution . to ask the American
Federation of " La*bor to ; petition Congress
to eliminate j the emergency clause from
the Federal eight-hour law, which it is
alleged is used -by employers to make
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 8.— The small
pox situation in Randsburg has become so
alarming 'that the citizenus' committee
there has addressed a communication : to
the. Board of Supervisors asking that a
quarantine officer be sent from Bakersfield
to take charge of 'affairs.*-. There are now
in Randsburg forty-five cases, more'than
twenty of. which are in the pesthouse. '
It is -.how established that the cases i in
Stockton had their origin 1 , in Randsburg."
A. W. McGinn, a teacher -of the. public
schools .at Randsburg. .went to Stockton
for his .'holiday, vacation and. was taken
down with the. disease there. - From : this,
it is said, the other cases -started. >
STOCKTON, Jan. 8.— No- new cases of
smallpox. Were reported to-day and all the
patients are doing well. Health .Officer
Ladd declares that there' is not; a: single
, virulent case. The quarantine is . rigidly
enforced and it is believed the malady will
be stamped out in a short time. '¦<"¦:¦ v
RANDSBURG'S SMALLPOX
EPIDEMIC SPREADING
John Davidson, secretary of the Vallejo
Trades and Labor Council, was nomi
nated by L. B. Leavitt, president of the
Vallejo labor organization, and the nomi
nation was seconded by -many .delcga-
The hour set for the election of officers
having arrived nominations for the office
of president were received. ••'-.-' .
A resolution was adopted expressing
sympathy for the members, of the Iron
Trades Council who are out on strike, and
suggesting that the sum of $1000* per week
be raised by the unions in the State Fed
eration in order \ to .support the strikers
in their, fight against • the Union Iron
Works and other yards.
The : enforcement of the Federal eight
hour law was brought before Hhe conven
tion in a resolution that the attention of
the Navy Department be called to the vio
lation of the law at. the Union Iron Works
and by the contractors, and asking, the
Federal authorities to see that- the law is
enforced on all Government work. . v " -.--'¦
The convention adopted resolutions that
the exclusion laws against the Incoming
of Chinese and Asiatic laborers' be en
forced, and it was . ordered that the ex
ecutive committee send copies of the reso
lution to President Roosevelt and Con
gress. '.- V-.-
The convention adopted a resolution
recommended by the committee Tjn consti
tution, that the delegates of the State
Federation to the American Federation
of Labor convention be elected by refer
endum vote on July 1 of each year.' .
At 3 p. m. It was decided to proceed at
3:30 p. m. in the nomination and election
of officers under the same system. as Is
used by the American Federation of La
bor. :, •
The recommendations of the committee
on constitution were adopted on the ques
tion of raising the per capita • dues ' of
members of the federation from 2 cents to
3 cents per month, and that the dues be
paid morUhly instead of quarterly, as
heretofore. ; ¦
• The convention decided to authorize the
creation of the defense fund for the State
Federation as outlined bjf the committee
on constitution.
In the afternoon the convention listened
to the report of Secretary Rosenberg of
the committee on constitution, and certain
changes were suggested in the articles of
the federation. • A long debate took place
as to the advisability of forming a de
fense fund by the State Federation of La
bor. The committee suggested that each
union in affiliation with the State Federa
tion might voluntarily contribute to such
defense fund on the basis of 15 cents per,
capita each month. Only unions contrib
uting to such defense fund shall derive
benefits from it. - Twenty-five per cent of
the fund shall be allowed toward the ex
penses of the secretary of the federation
and the traveling expenses of the presi
dent. The committee outlined the use of
the defense fund in a manner similar to
those governing defense funds of various
unions.
Plan for Defense Fund.
MayoT. would riot have received the hearty
welcome given , to him when he appeared
in the convention hall.
Many of the delegates criticized Schmitz
and some of the men he has placed in of
fice. Sam Simmons of the Theatrical
Mechanics of San Francisco worked hard
for Schmitz's election and he has a host
of friends in the federation who think
Schmitz should have recognized Simmons
in place of Casey for the $4000 a year posi
tion on the Board t>f Public Works.
MINING CAMP ; IN GRIP
OF; TYPHOID PNEUMONIA
.VIRGiNIA'^ITY, Nev.^ Jan.' 8— An epi
demic ofrtyphoidt pneumonia "has broken
but at the'; new ''mining camp of Toncpah;
and . the ' -'deaths ; average ; two", daily. .,. Fifty!
cases -are>now ; reported. In the 'camp and ;
air exodus of .those able to leave the place
has ' commenced^>j^2^V - ,-
Resolutions ¦ Are Submitted.
The convention resumed its session to
night -.in the • iFarraguit Theater, and
Guy Lathrop, ' the "-present secretary,
was nominated for re-eiectlon; but. he said
he could not accept the nomination, as ho
would not be able to leave San Francisco,
as the duties of the office required. Re
tiring President; CD. Rodgers was then
placed in" nomination for the office of sec
retary. 1 'An uproar arose at this stage.'
when Delegate Roxburgh of the Press
men's Union of. San* Francisco desired to
question Rodgers as to his opposition to
the formation of an Allied Trades Council
in Oakland. ': Dozens of delegates tried to
prevent Roxburgh speaking and a perfect
pandemonium reigned 4 for. ten" minutes.;
Delegate Rosenberg of the Sailors' Union
was howled down- and threats, of _ fight
were . made. v - Lathrop said : he would ? run
again: for office in -the -interests of peace
and^ harmony. The.: announcement ,¦¦¦¦ tvjJs
received with cheers. Rodgers withdrew
from the flght and Lathrop 'was elected
by acclamation. ¦' •
There was a lively, fight between Sac
ramento and Los Angeles for the next
convention. • Los Angeles i was selected . by
7230 votes to 6061' for. Sacramento.
For' fifth vice president the convention
was divided between H..M. Burnet of Ma
chinists' Union No. 68 and H. N. Cook, of
Fresno Labor Council. The vote' resulted
in the election of Cook by 76S9 votes to 4923
votes received by Burnet.. The election of
Cook . was made lunanlmous. -Some ex
citement was /caused during, the record
ing of the vote, when Delegate D.jJ. Mur
ray of the Machinists' Union" Nx>." 27 of
San Francisco was seized with a fit. "Mur
ray was carried out. of .the hall and in' a
short. while recovered from the attack. -
For fourth vice president the selections
of the. convention were M. Davis of the
Musicians' Union .of -San Francisco and
R.^.T."i Gamble of. the Stablemen's Union
of/San* Francisco. 4 The roll was called
and* resulted inUhe election of Davis by
the -following vote: Davis 7704, Gamble
4314. . -¦• •-¦',- ¦'¦:'¦ ¦¦-¦¦ ¦¦> ¦ : .¦¦¦ , 1 ¦¦:
For third vice president Louis : Mont
gomery of the Musicians' JLJnion, San
Jose, and C. B. Kirkpatrlck of Visalia
were nominated. Montgomery retired and
Kirkpatrlck secured the office. »
For first vice president there was a con
test between Walter Goff of the San
Franclsco'Labor- Council and C. - Pawley
of the Federated Trades Council of San
Josef The call of. the roll resulted in the
election of Goff at first vice prsident, the
vote standing 8379 for Goff and 3622 for
Pawley. . The election of Goff was made
unanimous.- , . . ,¦ ,
The nominations for second: vice -presi
dent were as follows: F. C. Wheeler, of
the" Trades Council of "Los Angeles;, P.
B. Preble, editor, of a labor newspaper.
Wheeler retired for the contest and Pre
ble was elected by acclamation. '¦
President-elect Davidson was conducted
to the chair, while the delegates cheered.
Davidson made a brief speech, thanking
the convention-'for his election.
New President Speaks.
The nomination of Davidson was made
unanimous and he was elected by a rising
vote. •; -¦':-}•...- - •
tions. Retiring President Rodgers was
placed in • nomination I'but^ declined':- the
hor.or. F. C. Wheeler of Los Angeles
was also mentioned for the presidency,
but declined to accept, .t R. I. .Wisler.of
the San Francisco Iron Trades. Council
was nominated, but, declined to run for
office. ' ¦ '"-•¦ - - ¦. ¦¦ • ¦
SCENE AT SESSION OP THE STATE FEDERATION OF LABOR IN VALLEJO DURING THE EXCITING DE
. BATE YESTERDAY WHEN. THE CONDUCT OF GOVERNOR GAGE DURING THE RECENT INDUSTRIAL
TROUBLES ON THE WATER FRONT OF SAN FRANCISCO WAS CRITICIZED. . - • • ¦-
Delegate O'Neil of x the Porters* and
Packers' Union of San Francisco tried to
stir up' strife with the Employers' Asso
ciation by Introducing a resolution con
demning the association and instructing
the executive council to prosecute the em
ployers for alleged violation of the anti
coercion law. *A number of delegates sup
ported the resolution and announced that
they were ready for a fight with the asso
ciation, but the advice of Ed Rosenberg
of the Labor Council and William Mac
arthur of the Seamen's Union, led to the
rejection of the resolution. .
K resolution was adopted to provide for
legislation prohibiting railroad companies
from giving exclusive privileges to certain
transfer companies to solicit trade on
trains and ferry-boats.
The convention adopted, a resolution for
the executive committee -to present a bill
to the next Legislature providing that all
printing Used by State officers bear a un
ion label, and 'making a violation of the
law by any State officer a misdemeanor,
punishable by fine and Imprisonment.
Delegate Zant '. brought in a -resolution
that- the various unions organize political
leagues in all districts of California. The
resolution created disorder, • many dele
gates demanding the floor. President
Rodgers had to . call on the sergeant-at
arms to maintain order. Many delegates
denounced the persistent attempts of cer
tain delegates to bring the federation into
a political' fight. The Zant resolution wad
buried beneath a flood of negative votes.
After some debate the convention fixed
the date of the next gathering of dele
gates for the first Monday in January of
next- year. "Votes of thanks ¦• were ten
dered the unions of Vallejo, the city gov
ernment and the admiral in comamnd at,
Mare Island for courtesies extended. The
convention then adjourned. • - : ." : -."'V."". : . '¦¦*¦¦'
Turmoil at the Session.
Cigarmakers' Union No. 228 of San Fran
cisco secured the passage of a resolution
that the international blue label and the
Pacific Coast label be alone recognized,
and -that union men pledge themselves
not to patronize cigars made by Chinese,
non-union And tenement workers.
The- stablemen's unions -of San Fran
cisco and San • Jose introduced a resolu
tion for a bill to be presented to the Leg
islature providing for a night watchman
in all stables as a safeguard to the lives
of stablemen sleeping . there. This wa3
adopted. -¦ '.' ¦ "• ¦ ~
' The convention adopted a resolution for
legislative steps to be taken to abolish
barber colleges.
A resolution was adopted for the license
ing- of all- engineers of stationary and
hoisting engines, •- and the adoption of
proper laws by the Legislature -for the
examination and licensing of said en
gineers. .
A resolution opposing the expenditure of
$32,000,000 by the Navy Department for a
dock at Subig Bay, in the Philippines, was
referred to the incoming executive com
mittee to act and protest to Congress over
the proposed expenditure. ; ., " ,'."„'
Iron Molders' Union No. 64 or San Fran
dsco secured ..the passage of a" resolution
to ask Congress to prohibit the transpor
tation \ oT convict-made stoves and other
articles between the States.
The convention indorsed the demand ox
the Cooks' and Waiters' Local No. 30 of
San Francisco for a working week of six
days, and urging all union men not to pa
tronize firms opposed to a day of rest for
employes. -
j A resolution prevailed instructing the
executive committee to prepare a bill to
submit to the next Legislature to provide
for direct, legislation through the Initia
tive and referendum.
employes labor more than eight hours
daily. ...-.'/¦ .'-•'".. » • '
John Davidson of Vattejp
Council Is Chosen
.' President.
FEDERATION
OFFICIALS
ARE NAMED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THDHSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1902.
3
" ADVEBTISEMENT3. - ! .ri : :
_
A Nervous Woman
Will often feel compelled to stop the
clock whose ticking seems unbearat/le to
her. In such a nervous condition the
woman needs a building up of the entire
system. It is useless to attempt the cure
¦ /jT«v of the nerves
S8llii§SC£9 while the cause -
&0$$Mm W of the ne ™ us -
' /ftl ness remains un-
Zgj&j? c° mnion cause
yf\W0> la °^ nervousness
W^t*^^^r^ * n WOTnen * s a
diseased condi-
ggTi^y *"|fe£}:; tion of the delicate
ZS&nji S^s; womanly organism.
K^^ Dr. Pierce's Favorite
iAij I Egf? Prescription cures
a//( ( KSnl womanly, diseases and
S| \| JUS the nervousness which',
a I \ \ Jfva they cause. It changes
I vv-- f§ irregularity to regular-
1 w^j ity, dries the drains
T which weaken women,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. It is a perfect
tonic and nervine, tranquilizing the
nerves, promoting the appetite and in-
ducing refreshing sleep.
"When I first wrote von I had been to three
different doctors and two of them said I would
never get better without going to the hospital
for aa operation," writes Mrs. Selma Erickson,
of 496 Rice Street, St. Paul. Minn. «Was not
able to do anything. If I would get up and walk
to the kitchen and back I would have to lie in I
bed for a day or sometimes two days. Now I
have used six bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription and six of the { Golden Medical Discov-
ery.' and the result is just wonderful. I was so
nervous I had to have some one by my side all j
the time even in day time, and I could hardly
cat anything. I took treatment from a doctor
twice a week, and every time I would go there I
felt so sick, but since i'quit all the doctors and
began taking your medicines I gained right
along. > I weighed 125 pounds, when I began
taking your medicines (in August) and now
I am up to my usual weight 165. I am as well
and feel as good as ever."
FREE. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on Veceipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for - cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce.
Buffido. N. Y.
Offerings That Will Be Remeniljered
• . - - - • ¦ . .
¦ . • ¦ ¦ ¦
¦ ¦ . . ¦ -- • ¦ ., . ¦
The multitude bf people that thronged our store dur-
ing the week and the eager rapidity with which they pur-
chased tells its own story in: plain words. It is the eloquent
proof that, every assertion tve made was carried out.
Some people doubted— they expected to tTe- disap-
pointed— they. couldn't believe that we would sell NEW AND
DESIRABLE GOODS: AT, HALF PRICE:
EVERYBODY BELIEVES IT WW. Consider
those prices carefully, and (tio your own thinking. . When can
you expect the same offering again? .
'•'¦• - . -¦--¦--.¦¦• • . ¦ . . ¦ }
GENUINE RIBBED WORSTED, vNON-SHRINKABLE.. FORM-
FITTING SHIRTS AND DRAWERS—
• FINE 'fLEECEILINED MERCERIZED SILK HEAVY-WEIGHT
> SHIRTS AND DRAWERS—
¦ :¥,¦;, $2.00 quality— Half-Price— $1.00 Each
FINE .MERCERIZED SILK SHIRTS AND DRAWERS. Flesh' and
; $2.50 quality— Half-Price— ? 1.25 Each
y 130 dozen CHOICE; NECKWEAR— Imperials, Tecks, Band Bows,
: ,' Four-in-Hahds, Batwings, etc.— . . •
} ..,;,'/•• '--./'" 50c quality— Half-Price— 25c Each.
128 dozen. FANCY. HOSE— Vertical stripes—
\ :: y^ ' -5oc quality— Half- Price— 25c Each
•50 dozen FANCY HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS-Solid
- Colors— in all; New "Shades— 4 .-'
' '• . . '25c quality — Half-Price— 2 for 25e
\ ' m m. A Jl^a. m. .^ y» -..
Brown and Black Derbys, Black Pantourist and Fedoras — ,
$3.00 quality— Half-Price— 91. 50 -Each
-Ordinary reason xvill convince, any person that those in-
'¦diicemcnts) are -far beyond what could be legitimately, expected.
P^ CELEBRATED *MJ
The Bitters will stimulate the
digestive organs, arouse the slug-
gish liver and cure Indigestion
Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver
and Kidney Troubles and Ma- :
laria.' A fair trial will convince
you of its value.
Geo; H. Fuller Desk
REMOVAL SALE.
We offer our immense stock of OF-
FICE FTJBNTTTJBE at greatly reduced
prices during next 30 DAYS.
638-640 Mission Street.
OCEAN" TEA VEL. :
¦¦¦•¦• .-.-...-.-.-¦ ....... . ._
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway;
«*»^_ Wharf, San Francisco:
H^|li> For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
¦8S3 'J^afc^. Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
, txx sx5& m - Jan - u - 1G > 21 - 26 - 31 -
, |^£*jja vsa Feb. 5. Change to company's
j &»KS*§53* steamers at Seattle. ;
f^sSSIlKM F° r Victoria, Vancouver,
" "^SBafi Fort Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
¦ coma. Everett. New What-
com — 11 a. ra.rJan. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31, Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port' Los Angelea and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
1 (San Luis' Obispo). •Gavlota, Santa Barbara.'
Ventura, Huneme, v East San Pedro, San
Pedro and 'Newport ('Bonita only).
Bonlta, 0 a. m., Jan. 2, 10, 13. 20, Feb. 3.
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30.
Feb. 7. • .
For further Information obtain folders.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
In? dates.
TICKF-T OTTFTCE — * New-. Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
« GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Asents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
6 R,& IV- CO.
Only SteamHhip Iilno to
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Shor*- Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket s to all
points, nil rail or> steamship and rail, at
IiOWEST HiVTES.
STEAMER TICKETS iNCLUDS B2RTH tad MSAL3.
SS COLUMBIA Sails '.
........Jan. 13. 23- Feb. 2. 12 22.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. IS, 28; Feb. 7, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN EAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA -and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe' (Hiogo*. Nagasaki and Shanghai and ¦
connecting . at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. . '
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
. '....... Thursday, January SOt h, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU..... ."
Tuesday, February 23th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
',; Friday. March, 21st, 1902"
Roucd-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight -and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW rOKE. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, TAEI3,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wedresdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Jan. irtSt. Louis Feb. 5
Philadelphia ...Jan. Z>( Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
St. Paul Jan. 29|St. Paul. .Feb. 1S>
RED STAR LINE.
• New York and Antwerp.
From New York at 12 noon.
Friesland Jan. 15 Kensington ¦ . . . .Feb. 5
Southwark .... Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb. Vi
Vauerland .... .Jan. 29 Haverf ord F«ft>. 1»
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.. •
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st. I
PANAMA R. .R.-'BRf ,
TO NEW -YORK ' VK' PmM.UDlRESiV
' Cat in. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.,
6.S. Ar^yif taiiu Tuesday, . dan. 2S
5. S. Leelanaw tails Aloadny, Feb. 3
6. S. Argyll . Monday. Mar. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
._• • . • - F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana is Vapors:
To Valparaiso,' stopping at Mexican. Central
and South 'American ports. Sailing- from How-
ard 3.; pier 10. 12 m.
SANJIAGO.'...Jan. '9:GUATEMAL.A.Feb. 15
TUCAPEL Jan. 281 PALENA
. These steamers are built expressly for ; Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. '
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) " Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
' BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,' Gen. Agents.
©eeapic&s.co, as^
r _ - C ! 8E01 LWETOTAHHU
SS. ZEALANDIATfor Tahiti
Sat. Jan. 11, Noon.
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
- land and Sydney. ..Thurs.. Jan. 16, 111 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu .:. -
...Saturday. Jan. 25. '02. 2 p. m.
J, D.SP2ECKE13 & BROS. CO., Csnarsi Agents. 227 Martai 31
Gra'l Paaanjpr Qife, 643 Hurlut St, Her la. 7. Pacific $J
C0XPA8HI3 6ENERAL1: TRANSATLA.NT10.a-S
DIKECT LINE TO HATRE-PARI3
bailing every Thursday, instead ol i/g^\\rrA
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42,<SBiSa3
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon.1
claas to Havre, $43 and as ward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. a-' .Brosdway (Hudion building). New
York. J. F. FCGAZI .& . CQ.. Paciflc Coass
ARents, 5 llontgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by • all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BITTER ¦ STP, A TUTKRS.
FilT^T NAVY: YARD AHD YALLEJ3
; Steainary GM. JFRISBIS or . M0NTICELL3
3:15 a. m..' 3:15 and 8:S0 p. m.. except Sun-
day. • Sunday. . 9:45 . a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* i
Valleja - V ¦ a. m.. 12:3O . noon. ¦ 6 • p. m.. - except
Sunday.- Sunday, 7 a: m., 4:15 p. m. Fare &U~
cents. - Telephone Main*. 1608. . Landing '-¦ and '
office, ' pier 2. Mission-street dock. . HATCH
BROS.
ADVEBTISEMEHTTS.
A Miraculous
Feat.
"It seemed that nothing short
of a miracle could save my little
daughter from an untimely
death," says City Marshall A.
H. Malcolm, of Cherokee, Kan.
"When two years old she was
taken with stomach and bowel
trouble and despite the efforts
of the best physicians we could
procure, she grew gradually
worse and was pronounced in-
curable. A friend advised .
Mues* Nervine
and after giving it a few days
she began to improve and final-
ly fully recovered. She is now
past five yesrs of age and the
very picture of health."
Sold by all Drugffists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co.. Elkhart, ln&
TURN OVER "
A NEW LEAF
On New Tear's TJ>ay and send your laun-
dry work to the U. S. Laundry. Then you
will always be rare to have the finest
work it is possible to do. Your linen will
look better and last longer. We deliver
promptly.
Ko saw edees. ' . ;
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Cffica 1OO4- Market Street
Teleohone- South 42O.
Oakland Offlci-54 San Pablo Av».
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
SS A GREAT HEBTOKAXIVE. INVIGORA-
tcr and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and SpecUl
TouJc for the Sexuai Organs, tor both sexes.
The Mexican Hem-^y lor Dipeace* of the Kit).
Beys &nd iiSadder. Bella on its own merit*.
NABER. AJ..F8 & BRL'NE. Agents]
ITi Mtrknt «.. g. F.— -(Send for Circular*.)
Dfi. HALL'S REINVIG02AT0R9^|m
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five
hundred reward for any case we jkd &Zf\
cannot cure. This tecret remedy G ' "¦• B»
cures Emissions, Impotency, sin pr&
Vaticocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, yf ; * 35M
Ktrlcturts. Drains, Lost Man- AylS -M'
hood and all other wasting ej- js*Qi ipri
feels of self-abuse or excesses. fe-ii'Sssfc-E'J'
Eeat sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, XS; gmaraoteed
to cure any case. Call - or address - orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 865 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also ' for sale ' at 10724
li&rket «t.. & F. Send tor free book.writ of habeaA corpus, as the prisoners
had not been - formally - charged, but ¦¦ the
police thwarted him by charging Carroll
and his confederates. I '
Stickney was recognized as Charles. M.
Fagenbush, alias Charles Gordon Rogers,
who attempted some months ago to swin
dle several brokers by means of fraudu
lent mining- stock. Among ; the , brokers
approached was Paul R. Lewis, who noti
fied the police, and Fagenbush and two
confederates were arrested, but they were
MEN CHARGED WITH *ROB- ¦
BING NOME HOTEL-KEEPER^
IN A FARO GAME.
TELLS HQW THE MOB HANGED FIVE 1EN
discharged a few days later. Fagenbush
Is wanted In Chicago for swindling people
there with ,.hls worthless mining stock.
Captain Seymour . wired the Chicago au
thorities, that he had ; Fagenbush under
arrest and asked if he was still i wanted
by th.em. , Lane- and Sutton are supposed
to" be Eastern men, as they are strangers
here. In Button's , room ¦ in the Grand Ho
tel the police found two , faro boxes and
a lot of "strippers" used in playing a
"brace game" of faro.
Through b!s friend, Martin Kelly, Car
roll late yesterday afternoon .sued out- a
writ of habeas corpus. to secure his re
lease. The wrlt^ which is directed against
Chief of. Police Wittman, will be heard
by Judge Lawlor at' 2 o'clock- this after
nodn. ' : ;
then introduced him to Sutton, who posed
as the dealer. Sutton confirmed Lane's
statement that he wanted to fleece the
owners of the game, as they had treated
him unfairly. Miller then consented to
join in the scheme..' Sutton agreed .to
give the signal by which the last - turn
would be called and the money won.
Thursday night Lane took Miller to- a
room in the Palace Hotel, where Carroll.
Button and Stickney .were waiting. Cat
roll was mtroduced as the owner of the
bank. The game progressed till Miller
had lost U500, which was all the money
he had with him. Lane called upon Miller
a few days later and suggested that he
should try the experiment again, as luck
sermed to have been against them, on the
other occasion. Lane said he would put
up $2000 and If Miller could put up $3000
they would be sure to break the bank.
Miller appeared to consent and then noti
fied the police, as he was satisfied he had
been robbed. It was arranged that- the
second attempts to break the .bank was
to be made Tuesday night, but something
happened to disarrange their plans. • .
k The men met' in room 304 of the hotel
yesterday morning, where they had
moved after the first: game, and Miller
balked so as to give the police time to
make the: raid. Just as everything was
in "readiness to go: on with the game the
Officers rushed: into the room and placed
the four men- under arrest.
i Carroll has been knowni for years as
$he'.:"prince of ¦' grafters," • has been
arrested numerous times". but has
never' been . convicted. The news of
his -arrest soon -spread and Martin Kelly,
the boss • politician, hurried to the Hall
of Justice to use his influence to get him
released. Kelly wanted to apply for a
'-; Continued -'From Page One.
esty; -Pasha Kennels' Fiery. Face va. H. H
Gray's Terronette; Kelly &'Hanley's Fearful
Ship vs.. Pasha Kennels" RlcTi Arsosy; : L F.
Bartel's Best Bargain • vs. H. Lynch' s Black
Bart: Pasha Kennels" Lawrence vs. H. Lynch" 9
Lilac: J. Connolty* a 'New Moon -vs. L, M. Con.
nolly's Reoublic: Chiarinl Bros.' Santonin vs.
E. Pickard'a Bright Gold.
At a meeting of the Interstate Cours
ing Club held last night In Pythian Cast!«
the advisability of changing the date of
the 1903 Futurity - stakes was considered.
The ¦ members , In • the country '>u to>
running it annually in SeptemK- rs it
necessitates training their dogs In Au
gust, during which the weather is usually
hot. This question, together with that of
the. value of prizes and other conditions
for next year's.staJce. were finally left to
a committee consisting of J. H. Rosseter,
E. E. Shotwell. J. A. Klein and H. C.
Klevesahl." They will report at the-an
nual meeting ; of the club next Tuesday
night.
New Orleans Bacing.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 8.— Crescent City
summary:
First race, five furlongs — Ftee Coinage won.
Little Jack Homer second. Imp. Albula third.
Time. 1:01.
Second race, six furlongs — O'Haaren won.
Cast Iron second, Qulxada third. Time. 1:14.
Third race, selling, one mile— Ecome woo.
Miss Soak second. Add third. Time, 1:41%.
Fourth race, Jackson Handicap, mile and a
half — Nitrate won, W. B. Gates second. . Azlm
third. Time. 2:34.
Fifth race, mile ' and a sixteenth — JohnnI*
McCarthy won. Redan second, Andes third.
Time, 1:47%.
Sixth race, gelllne. ratio and flve-eigrhths—
Admetus won.' Warranted second. Meggs third.
will try conclusions this afternoon over
a mile, at weight for age, with Green Mor
ris* crack chestnut Sombrero. This is an
attraction that should draw a crowded
house. Redf erar-will probably ride Josie G
and L. Jackson the Morris colt. San
Nicolas and Sly are the other starters.
•Special onen atake-^H. 1 Schaefter"8^E^tlr Glen
vs. G.rNetbercott's; Freda C; Pasha Kennels'
Ro.cker vs.' W. C. [ de Bi Lopea'a . Pepita; I C.-> O.
Peterson's ; Haphazard vs. ; G. Sharman'a Little
Sister; \ F.'-' Jones' : Harle'an Gladys - v». Chiarinl
Bros.".". Dewdrop; * J.'? Dowline's ? Sir. .'Lawrence
vs.*' G. v i Nethercott's Hickory, Dick: J. M. - Hal-'
U>n's •; Mary. : Hempstead s ve^i Sterl •• & ; Knowlea"
Freezeout; D. ' J. Healey's Tapioca" vs.'-' Ju R.
Curtis' Vulcan; •.£.• Geary's Ireland. vs • F.
Jones' ¦ Wedgewood; : E. '.Geary's Ruby ' Sankey
\-s." A.Vanderwhlte'8 Lear King;. P. M. Clark
' son's ¦ Golden ' Garter' vs. ¦: E. • Neaves' * Spiteful;
D. J. • Healeys Lady Clare: vs. -p.- StelnhoJTs
Veto; ' I>. - J. ¦ ' Healey's ; Tlbtiron '¦ vs. ¦ : aterl ' &
Knowles' Olita: Curtis' ' Kibosh - vs. ¦ D.
• J. ' Healey's ¦ Elista; ! A. -'¦ R. ' Curtis'.; Loyal Lad
vs. E. v Geary's Fenil; G.. Sharman'a Chicago
Boy. vs., E. Ready's Full Moon; Pasha Kennels'
Roman ' Athlete : vs.- C.'-O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; ; O. • Zahl's Homer Boy t vs. "¦ E. i Shorstag's
Crawford^ Lass ;'."W.- J.- Leonard's 'Tom- Hur
lick.V8. J. Dempaey's Jingle Bells ;-H. Lynch's
Merrimao ¦' vs. ; Pa«ha Kennels' Rural Artist;
L.'» S. " Barre'a 'Amedee vs. Sterl & Knowles',
Cold Shivers: •¦ C. -W. Banner's i Wild Norah | vs.
E.^Genry*"- Bonnie « Pa3ha; J Chiarinl. Bros.'
Tame-Tralee vs. : G.-Sharman's Black Flush;
- Two open stakes, each -with forty-eight
entries, will be decided this! week at Un
ion Coursing Park. Each ;-will : be > "run
down" once on. Saturday, making, an un
usually' attractive ".< card. : The ': draw last
night resulted as follows: . ;; • c "',:
Two Stakes of Forty-Eight 'Dogs
Each Include the Best Bepfesent
. atives of the Local . Kennels:
IXE3ET GREYHOUNDS ABE
. ; ENTEBED ' AT -XTN1ON ' PABK
The Manufacturers', , Sale of Shoes will
sell men's and women's $2.50 shoes for $1.00
a pair.: There will be on sale 5000 pairs at
the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market street,
near Third.— ,:-,. . •
To-Day (Thursday)
"Those who participated in the lynching
were: E. S. Trowbridge, Claude Brown,
Fred Roberts,. Jerve Krisge, Harry Rob
erts, William McDaniel, Henry - Knox.'
Roberjt. -Leventon, Louis .... Polmanter;
Claude Marcus, Orrin Trowbridge; -A." L.
Colburn. % Isom Eades, J. J. Potter, Rich
ard Nichols, Joe Levanton, Samuel Parks
and Claude Morris.
"The first proposition; to lynch ; these
men was made by Jim Brown on, Tuesday,
morning near Myers" hotel.; Brown said'
that it seemed that the law -was not going
to do anything, and- the citizens ought to
act. He asked me if I would Join them,"
andl. replied that -I : would.- I met Jerve
Krisge in 'Trowbridge's store to arrange
about the hanging of the five men. The
meeting took place' on Wednesday, and
Jim Brown.' Judge Myers and E. S. Trow
bridge were ' present. > Brown and . Myers
were picking out the ropes' with which to
hang the men. . They told me to come i in,
and asked me. If I believed the ropes wen;
big- enough.' Judge Myers -said that he
this witness being allowed to testify. The
court " ordered the prisoner to sit down
and informed him that he would be heard
through his counsel. . . \
Hutton testified that he last saw Calvin
Hall, Frank and James Hall, Daniel Yan
tis and Martin Wilson on May 31.
At this ' point Raker, who had slipped
back into'the courtroom,' started. to make
an objection. He was taken from. .. the
courtroom. Twice -he returned and twice
he -was ejected. He threatened to sue
Sheriff Street for false Imprisonment.
The witness then resumed his testimony.
He said that he saw the prisoners in My
ers' hotel. On the morning of May 31 he
participated with others in the banging of
the five -men. ... ¦
Here- the witness was f" stopped ¦ toy . the
interference of Raker, who had again
taken his seat in defiance of the court.
Post here objected to , the statements by
Raker, and said that if the court was
not able to protect itself • he - wanted : to'
know It. He did not consider Raker's con- ¦¦
tlnued objections were proper • matter to
go before this Jury. Post, who could not
conceal his indignation, said that he had
never been before in any courtroom when
the, ethics of the legal profession were so
totally laid aside. >. •-¦¦- ,»¦-_¦¦--¦ «
Continuing, his testimony, the witness
said: ¦ : ... .;...,-... , ¦ ..-•.•:
"Then . some of our, party* .went . back
after old man Hall, and two went around
to the, barroom and guarded the doors and
others went I into ; the parlor door. Claude
Brown-. took : the;; rope i to | hang ;Hall .with.
They, walked Into Hall's room, as. the door
was : not ! locked. Soon they * brought ; the
old .man ' out i in * his , night/' clothes. ¦ J?He'
wanted to%^now what! -we "¦* were going: to
do l with him, :, and ,we " tbld > him' that he
would soon find our. /We took him to the
' "Another, meeting was held at 4 o'clock
the : day before the lynching, ; and ' Fred
Roberts, Claude Brown, - J. J. . Potter;
Richard Nichols, Robert Levanton,' Joseph
Levanton, Henry Knox, "William- Nichols^
B. S. .Trowbridge and myself were pres
ent. Arrangements were made" as. > to
where and when to meet to seize the pris
oners, and hang. them. ; It was arranged
to meet .near a schoolhouse, : , and ' wo
learned 'who was to be on guard over the
prisoners, as we wanted .to i know -when
the -weakest guard would be =on:- r There
were to be two crowds,' one from"* town
and one from the country. - <.^V
"Late that night we got together to. go
to the schoolhouse to meet, the'country
party. Samuel . Parks. J. J. Potter; Jo-
seph • Levanton, Claude Morris, Nichols
and ...myself • met' "back 'of Trowbridge's
store, and then went and joined the coun
try party. They had ropes and sacks with
them and some had wagon spokes. Brown
came ' and | said he would light ¦ a ' cigar, for*
the signal. . All put sacks over, their heads
and | were . on - the bridge ' when Brown lit
the. cigar. .Claude 'Brown was put in 'the
lead. • He opened the ;doori; and the next"
two ,men : covered > the. guards."' Then S they
took ithe •¦men, Claude Morris "taking, the
little fellow \Wilson,'. and; tied ', and ¦ gagged
them;".:' ' '(.'- < ¦ ¦¦' ' • : '' )¦ ¦-¦• •'-.-.¦•¦ --. -.. :
"Frank r Hall fought,; having>his* hands
loose. Four men ' had ° his - head '- and one
fellow.-; hit him on. the head with a spoke
and ; dragged him ':¦ to. the 3 bridge. :< Yantis
•was. the. first one hanged. ¦ Morris, and' I
took Wilson to the bridge, and -those who
hanged Yantls helped us, hang, -him. ; The
next one was Jim Hall. /
knew-how to tie the knots,; and 'tried to
tie them. He tied the knots In all of the
ropes.- Richard Nichols, James W. Brown,
Robert Le van ton, Judge : Myers, Trow
bridge and myself 'were^present. Trow
bridge .kept guard, and stayed i just ' long
enough to tie. the ropes. The ropes were
put into sacks and taken b.y Brown to Le
vanton's- blacksmith: shop "and put: into
the coalroom. ' ; \ ¦ r. ...- ¦'¦<¦..
Track Notes.
Johnny "Woods, who rode Maresa, was
fined $25 by the judges, for rough riding.
who turned State's evidence ought- to be
shot, but was not allowed to answer this
question. Hutton said that he was afraid
of Samuel Parks, . one of the codefend- '
ant, because Parks had said to him that
he . ought to ' be shot. : The •'. -witness said
that in making his statement he omitted
the' name of Samuel Parks as one of tne
lynchers and that he afterward corrected
his : statement . after signing it. He • said
that Parks was one of. the lynchers and
under the ruling of the court he was al
lowed C to explain his contradictory state
ment. / v'.. ' v - '• '
-The witness said he' was not afraid or
being sent to jail or, of being hanged, be
cause he had : been . promised that he
would be allowed to go free. The defense
asked If he had not perjured himself and
if, should the attorney for the prosecu
tion ask him to swear to a-lle to save his
life, he would not do so.; Despite the ob
jection' of the prosecution he was allowed
to answer, and said he would not. ' • ' ' . - :
'The witness said .that Rev. Mr. • Sim
mons s had told him he -would be given
his freedom and immunity from punish
ment by the 'State if he told, all he knew
of : the lynching. Post objected to this
line of questioning and said he would ad
mit as a fact, to save'further questioning/
that- the witness -had been • promised ¦ im
munity ' from ¦ punishment. . : : "
First race— Snowberry, | Rubino, Larry .Wilt.
Second race — Huachuca, Bassenzo, Rubus.'
Third race— Sombrero,. Josie G.'San Nicolas.
. Fourth race— La Goleta, Homestead, Bathos.
: Fifth 'race— Lizella, Tammany. Chief, Dan
serous Maid. . ,
Sixth race — Marshal . Nell, . Relna de Cuba,
uiioa. • '¦;:-; :'¦
Probable "Winners.
AMILLEE, a hotel man from
Nome, at present living at 1516
O'Farrell street, visited a faro
3 game in a room on the fifth
floor of the Palace Hotel last
Thursday night and lost $1500. He no
tified thS police, and yesterday act
ing Lieutenant Helms and Police
men Hurd and Mulcahey arrested
William P. Carroll, familiarly known
as "Patsy" Carroll; Walter J. Lane.
Edward Sutton and Charles Stick
ney In room 304 of the Palace Hotel. A
complete faro layout was seized. Miller
subsequently swore to a complaint before
Judge Cabaniss charging: the four men
¦with grand larceny. They were booked
on the charee and also on a. charge of
visiting a, room containing gambling in
struments.
Miller, about two weeks ago answered
an advertisement in a morning- paper
which set forth that . a business man
worth $50,000 wanted an immediate loan
of $3000, -for which he would be willing t«
pay $12,500 in a short time. Through this
advertisement Miller met Lane. After
talking for some time on the "business
proposition," Lane frankly admitted that
his scheme was to break a faro -bank. He
eaid the dealer would Join him" In the
scheme, as he had been 'unfairly treated
by the owners of the game.' Miller did
not take kindly to the proposition at first-
Lane, who was to go shares with him.
Open • stake— B. • Neaves' Talk • to Me vs.' P.
M. Clarkson's Sofala; P.' Doyle's ¦ Liberator • vs. ¦
Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire: M. Dunlea's
Tara's Hall vs. W. H. Robinson's Hosle Free
dom; L. S. Barre'a Boodle Boy vs. W. H. Robin
son' fi Alden Girl; Chiarinl Bros'. Sempronious
vs. J. Keenan's Dreadnot; G. Graham's Lady
Newark vs. F. Rosenberger's Master Biy; E.
Geary's Bonnie Hughie vs. O. Zahl'u Miss 'Wil
son; J. H, W. Mailer's Cruiser vs. E. Geary's
Fair'Oaks; J. Hurley's Gramercy vs.-B.;Sender
man's Comlque; W. A. Maloney's Always- vsl
P.I M. Clarkson's Prompto; D.' G. 'Frantz's
Warco vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's-CharleyOchs;
H. Perlgo's Lady Davenport- vs.' S. W. Smith's
Injury; O. Zahl's O'Hara vs." F. Jones' Lovlna;
G. Shaman's Gold Bug vs. J-; Hurley's Living
Picture; P. Doyle's Thelma vs.'Pasha Kennels'
Real Aristocrat: "W. Calm's Gold Ore vs.
Chiarinl Bros." Lucky Baldwin; E. Geary's
Roy Hughl? V3. H. Lynch' s Melrose Lad; G.
-Sharman's Sir Pasha vs:" P.' J.--. Rellly's-'Hon-'
A. R. Curtis' Kins Cotton vs. Chiafinl Bros.'
White Heat: J. Maryland's The Grafter vs.
J. Cane's Greenhall.:
He Interfered with Mounce, on Sea Queen,
near the paddock, compelling the latter
rider to momentarily pull his mount up.
Johnny Weber, the ex-jockey, sold his
fast two-year-old Fileenus. by Brutus-
Fileen, to T. H. Ryan yesterday, the re
ported price paid being $2500. Johnny then
purchased School for Scandal from Frank
Doss. '. , _
Jake Holtman and Dick Dwyer have
been enga'ged to do the starting at the
Latonla rteeting, which opens on June 26.
They will alternate the same as at Oak
land.
Denver will give a big meeting in June
under the same management as last year,
which was the most successful In the his
tory of the Overland Association. No en
trance fee whatever will be charged and
the Derby will be worth $800 to the first
horse. ¦ ¦ '
Owen Mounce was the only rider to put
two winners over the. plate yesterday.
"When jumping races are won by a nose
It Is a. . pretty . sure indication that.- this
branch of . the sport is improving. \ The
hurdle handicap proved one of the most
enjoyable features of '.the -'day.-
Josie- G,' the "Queen of Poverty Row,"
. Fourth race-M5ne mile, the Emeryville hand
icap; three-year-olds and upward.; .;.;..
3074 Rio Shannon. 101 3074 Rosormonde . - 98
(3O98)Homestead ..112 . 3098 La Goleta 103
3099 Bathoa ...:... 100 2989 The Pride.*.. 116
3094 Andrlsa ;:¦;•/. 102 -3098 Edgardo .'.:.. 95
3094 B. Ormonde.. 97 " '
' Fifth. race— One mile and a quarter; selling;
four-year-olds and upward. .-¦
3099. Plohn .......109 3089 Mission .....103
(3097) Dang. Maid... 101 3105 Alicia ..101
3001 Lizella ......110 3099 SJddons .....110
(3100)El Mldo '..109 3100 Sylvan Lass.. 107
3088 Tarn. Chief... 98 3089 Ulm ..103
Sixth race — Futurity ¦ course; selling; four
year-olds and upward. .... . . . •
3083 Lost Girl... ...110 3084 Chappie ...i. 112
¦3087 Katie Walcot.U0 3087 Ulloa ..110
3068 Marshal Neil.lll 2794 Buck Taylor. 112
3087 Kins Dellls.. 115 2975 R. de "Cuba... 110
3012 Bedner Ill (2542)Hilary ;..... .112
(3078) Parsifal .... .108 3059 Rose of. Hllo.llO
Second race — Six furlongs; selling: three-!
year-olds. • «• - |
3095 Ishtar 103|(3048)Bassenzo .....105
3071 Cat,hello .V.. .10.11 3104 Rubus , 104
(3085)Huachuca ....110 3092 Legal llaxim.100
Third race — One mile; purse; three-year-olds
and unward. . ' . ¦
3021 San Nicolas.. 91 (3104)Josie Gi....'..'S9
3093 Sly ..: ;.1O9 (3073) Sombrero .... 04
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Six and a half furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds. ....
309« Larry Wilt... 114 3040 Marello' .111
3092 San LuUon...lil 3101 King Herald. Ill
3096 Arthur Ray.. 122 3061 Snowberry ...109
3035 Matin Bell... 117 3101 Rosarie ......109
2617 Quiet 1^2 3065 Esternell .*. . .100
3007 Rubino ......119 3101 Claudator ...111*
An hour was devoted to examining the
witness as to his conscience and his early
training and his understanding of the na
ture of . an oath. Each •. question .was ob
jected to, and counsel indulged in a bitter
controversy. The- witness -was asked
where he expected to . make his future
home and how long he- would remain In
Modoc County. ' The question was not al
lowed. It was evident ¦ from this line of
interrogation that the defense wished I to
convey to the mind of. the. witness; that
hjs life would be Jin danger if he :re
mained in Modoc County after -the /ter
mination of this trial. The witness said
that his before the jury -was
the same as the statement he had signed
containing his confession. The . defense
then demanded the original statement.
The prosecution objected, on the ground
that the statement' was private property.
The request was denied. v :
The witness asked • if he were friendly
with all ; persons '; whose ¦ arrests ¦ ~ were
caused by his :, statement- an <i If- he were
afraid of any of them. ' To : this he an
swered that he was not afraid of them;
though He testified this morning that . he
wanted to be protected from the Lookout
people. . , •.:¦¦•
, He was asked if he did not think a man
The cross-examination" of Witness Hut
ton was . commenced •' directly, after . the
noon recess. Hutton testified that in a
letter to his sister-in-law, residing' in
Merced County, he had Informed her of
his connection with the lynching. : .This
correspondence had passed between them
within the last few days. He • said that
he hadt sworn before the Grand Jury that
he knew nothing of the Lookout lynching,
and that until six days ago he had always
asserted that "he took . no part in the
hanging. \ ¦ : ¦ •' . ¦ »
•General Post ¦ objected to the character
of the cross-examination by the defense,
and the court sustained the objection. .
Remarkable Cross-Examination.
bridge and hanged him -on the 'north side.
.'"After all were ; hanged we met at the
east end of 'the' bridge and airagreed' to
say nothing about the affair, and all. went
back to town.'! . . ;
.The defense asked that.it be allowed. a
transcript of -, the - testimony of the wit
ness, which was allowed, and then a re
cess was taken.
Lawson claims to be a graduate of the
Illinois Medical College of Chicago and
has been conducting, a medical institute
in" Seattle. I His place was closed .last
month on the ground that he was prac
ticing^ without a license. He claims that
he waa approached - by .James F. Braid,
advertising manager of ; a Seattle news
paper, who told him that for a cash con
sideration he could obtain the answers to
the examination, questions. 1 Lawson- on
Monday, evening entered into -a deal
whereby answers purporting to : be the
correct ones were handed to him.
Lawson sat - up all night copying the
answers and yesterday morning came to
Tacoma and began the examination. . He
pretended to be writing the answers to
the. Questions and at an opportune mo
ment pulled out his written copy of the
answers, from his pocket 'and, handed
them In. a About this time he was given
a special delivery letter signed '.' Wilson;
M.D.," telling him that the board had
been notified of. the sale of the questions
and that he must -leave the examination
room at once. ¦ This notice frightened him
and he left. At 2 o'clock he went back to
continue the examination, but was re
fused .by Dr. Coe of Seattle, because not
on time. His letter from the mysterious
,Dr. -Wilson had also notified him that
Wilson would meet him last evening at a
certain place at 6:30 o'clock and return
his $600. Lawson kept the ., appointment,
but . Wilson did not. Lawson « is still j try
ing to recover his money. • ¦'¦•.. ¦
James F. Braid of . the . Seattle Times
frankly admits his connection, with the
affair, but claims he was merely, acting
the part of a. friend to Lawson, who had
advertised heavily in his paper. , Braid
claims he acted as go-between for Law
son and Dr. J. G. Stewart, of- Seattle.
Stewart also admits his connection and
claims he acted as go-between . for Braid
and a man in Spokane named Wilson. It
is! claimed that Wilson is an alias, and
'that Wilson is In reality some member of
the. State Medical Board, which consists
of nine members. .
! .The problem the State Medical Board
and others are now endeavoring to solve
is that of Wilson's identity. Whoever
Wilson is he is "evidently frightened, for
he to-day wired' to • Lawson at' Seattle
from, Tacoma, saying: .
"For God's sake keep your mouth shut
and you will get your money back. ,¦ Don't
talk to any one." : . :¦' \ . -
Lawson was I given to understand that
the: member selling the questions came
from a country town ; that his • term is
soon to expire, and that he was desirous
of getting a little ready money before go
ing out of office. - . -•
Only six members of the board are pres
ent.. Dr. Coe. the president, and - other
members started . an . investigation ; to
night. ,
ical Board.
TACOMA. Jan. 8.— The biggest scandal
this State has known In years developed
to-day, when Dr." O. V. Lawson of Seattle
made public the fact : that he ' had paid
$1100 for alleged answers to the complete
set of questions being asked at the State
medical examination, now being held in
Tacoma. He paid $600 cash and gave his
note for the balance, payable when he
obtained* a certificate from the State Med-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Doctor Pays for List of
Answers to. Examination
Questions.
y^^y RFE0, a grandson ( of Ormonde,
fi ' \\ scampered in before a blgr Held of
II If baby racers i in the two-year-old
' y \J/- event at Oakland yesterday, -with
the books laying 15 to 1 against j
his chances! He had John Bullman on his \
back, and after rocking to sleep the Bald
win entry, .Venecia, won ridden out from
the favorite Thaddeus. Poor, racing luck
contributed to the defeat: of ,, the latter
youngster; undoubtedly the best Just be
fore the barrier was released ' several of !
the boys temporarily relaxed their vigil
ance and were caught dozing, among them
Ransch, "astride the first choice, who got
away behind a bunch of four or five. The
winner is a likely looking bay colt by Or- ,
»inl. - a slashing • son of . Ornfonde, whose
uncertain underpinning prevented -him
making a name on the turf. -
Favorite made a standoff, taking three
and losing a like number races. The
usual large crowd viewed the sport, wnicn
was far above the average and thoroughly
enjoyed. - ¦ ,
Unquestionably the best perfomance of
the . afternoon was that of Walter Jen
nings' Lapidus. carrying 101 pounds. In the
Shell Mound handicap for three-year-olds,
at a mile. Shaping out the pace from the
time Jake Holtman sent the five -starters
away, Lapidus never gazed at anything
ahead of him but the atmosphere and run
past the judges' stand two lengths ahead
of the favorite, Waterscratch, in 1:39%.
Magi wearied chasing the winner, .but
hung on gamely, losing the place by only
a head. ¦ , " . - ¦ .
Dr. Scharff, a 9 to 5 favorite in the ring,
took the opening sprint In a hard drive
from The "Weaver and Prestano. John
Peters, the Schorr entry, ' led into the
stretch and then died away. Sol Lichen
stein, a well backed one,- ran as if short.
Sir Tom Tiddler, a 60 to 1 shot, played to
15, was cut off at . the start and never
showed prominently.
But a nose separated the Duke of York
II and Finch at the flnieh of the mile and
a quarter hurdle handicap. Foucon, on
Finch, took all the obstacles in front and'
over • the ; last' hurdle looked a winner.
Mattier now went to work on the Duke
and in a hair-raising finish was awarded
the verdict. Duffy, astride Sam Green,
nearly became unseated taking the last
jump and then finished a close third.' Both
the winner and place horse closed, equal
favorites in the ring. .: ' .,
. The Montana • contingent made quite a
clean-up over the win of the fourth event,
a sii-furlong sprint, by, Sea Queen. The
odds against the Idaho-bred mare were
hammered down from 6 to 3%, and well
rated by Mounce, she won by less than
a/length from Maresa. School for Scan
dal, the favorite, lacked her usual supply
of speed, ending up an Indifferent third.
- In the ' concluding mile and a furlong
selling affair the horses ran close to form.
Diomed, the favorite, got away from the
barrier none too well, but' Jackson
threaded his way through and around the
bunch, downing Bragg a head-on the wire.'
Artilla, the second choice, came in a close
third.
THE CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART.
Member Sells Secrets of
Washington State
Board.
Lapidus Defeats Waterscratch in Fast Time for the Shell Mound
Handicap— Sea Queen Wins a Sprint y Heavily Played^
MEDICAL MEN
IN A SCANDAL
ORFEO, A GRANDSON OF ORMONDE,
TAKES THE "BABY" RACE AT 15 TO 1
THE SAJN FRANCISCO yCALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1902.
"Patsy" Carroll and Three Confederates Arrested on a Charge oi
Robbing A. Miller Out of Fifteen Hundred Dollars*
NOME HOTEL MAN LOSES HIS COIN
IN FARO GAME AT THE PALACE
OAKLAND BACETBACK— Wednesday, Jan. 8-— Weather toe •^'^^5^1-u^wn.
3107. FIRST RACE— Flire forlongs; selllns; three-year-old colts and geldlnga; to flrat. |3S>.
; j ; : : '— " = j Betting.
Index norse and ' Weight. St. V,. %. Str. Fin. Own«fr and Jockey. } Op. CX
¦««5" Dr Srharff ~1V" 1 2 4 5 2 2 «4 11 'CXeal & Co. Mounce 7-5 9-5
S Thi &"" 13 4 4 2 2h 3h 2b H. I. WP^cn.-Bullinaa « ?
SS5 Se^taif . ?.. .iJo 2 «h 4 14 1 3 ¦»- Conway .....Buchanan fe lfl
:.ii» |« ::; -^£^ s I
: Mythrox ...1121 8 9 6 10 1» 10 Elnrwrood Farm. ...Burn* 10 Ji
Time M -23%4- W -47W- «, 1:01. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. J. W.
O'Neal' A Co?'', ch. c. by S>nald A-Mi«ourt. : Route Just suited the Doctor The Weaver
ran a nice race and *ill win soon. Prestano knocking at the Kate. John Peters quit. Our
' Pride improving. Lichtensteln quit near the end. Scratched— 6an Lutlon 1UW. iJ cni
. huahua 112. • ....,, -.*,-.-.. -.-,..,-. -,.-i^ U n J >.- L ->-^
3108. SECOND 'RACE— One and a quarter miles; Hurdle handicap: 4-year-olds and up: »323.
' ; ; j ~ " Bettlntr.
Index Horse, Age. Wdght. St. Std. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Oy. Cl.
2090* Duke York II. a.. 138 ~2 2~n 3~6 3^25 Ins I. Morehouse. .. .Mattler 2 11-5
(3090) Finch. & ........140 41 10 16 1122 Bur lingame Farm. Foucn 2 ll-o
3090 Sam Green. 5 140 73n 22 21 330 Frank Duffy..... ...Duffy 5 ft
3090 Rosalbra, a 130 3 6 10 42 4% * Vi D - McCarty.. ..^Iiggins 15 25
3054 Distance.' B. 125 1 4H»» 55 55 C.W. Chappell. Harrison 8 »
3037 iRainier. a 132 • .7 7 62 62 J. Wells .....Peters 6 12
5090 |Rlo Chlco. 6 133 5 56 6 2 7 7 Frisco Stable. .McMahon 8 12
Time— 2:18%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. I. Morehouse's ch. g by Duka
of Norfolk-Carmen. . Very even thing between the two leaders. Finch lost ground at first
turn by running out. Green nearlyloathlsrideratlastjump^
310O. THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; twcryear-olds; to first. $325.
~~- ; : ; ; *r : Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. , 14. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- C>
309l" Orfeo,...*. 113 T~\T7! 771 2 % 1 1% W. ffB. Macdon'gh.Bull 10 15
(3091) Thaddeus ........110 6 1 6 2 2n Burns & AVaterhs.Ransh 6-5 7-10
3091- Venecia 110 1 In 3 3 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 10 12
3091 Clarinette 110 2 4 1 4 1 Burllngame Farm...Birk 20 12
•3001 Tom Mitchell 110 5 3 1 5 Vj G. P. McNeil.. A. Kelly 10 12
3091 Little Margaret... 110 9 7 2 .61 Caesar Toung. . .Jackson SO 40
3079 Jennie McGowan.. 110 3 5 1 7h B. Schreiber... Buchanan 4 5
.... High Chancellor.,113 8 81 82 Chlnn & Forsy the. Burns 10 12
3079 Temprano ...: 112 7' 02 91 G. Van Gorden. McCarty 10 15
3091. Arabo ......113 10 ! ... ... 10 3 10 10 W. B. Jennings.. Woods 15 20
Dr. Lagan 113 11 " ... ' 11 11 Collins & Co Hoar 10 40
Time— % :23%; 3%f, :42%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Winner,
W O'B. Macdonough's b. c. by Orsinl -Moonlit. Several of the riders" started to pull up
Just as barrier was released. Thaddeus away none too well and badly cut off on stretch
turn. He waa hest. _ ¦ " ¦ _ _..,_
3110. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; mares: fonr-year-olda and up: to first. $325. ,
••: - ¦ .-. - : . • ~~ • Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. \%. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2943 Sea Queen.' 6. ....109 1 2 \\ 3 2 1 h 1 % J. A. Lewis Mounce 6 7-2
3095 Maresa. 4 109 3 13 12 22 24 J. H. Dolan. .. .J. Woods 4 7
3069 Sc for- Scandl, 4.104 84h 2231 31 J. Weber Ransch 4-5- 4-5
3087 The Hoodoo, 4.. ..104 2 6265 41 4 Y t T. H. Ryan.... Hoar 100 100
3062 February a...... 107 7 5 2 5' n 5 2 5 2 J. S. Gibson Howson 20 25
".•5094 Orleans 4 104 4 3h 4%61 «2 J. Burrows J. Daly 5 1
3000 Our Lizzie a 107 6 7 7 7 7 W. H. Ketcheman..Jack 10 12
Remora, 4.: .. 104 5 Fell* Mallowinot S. F.L-Jcksn 30 100
Time— %. :24%; %. :48%; %. >:14. Good Btart. Won first three driving. Winner. John
A. Lewis' ch. m. by King Faustus-Uaughter McGinnlss. Winner much the best. She was
cut off near the paddock by Maresa and taken : back by Mounce. School for Scandal a
slow breaker and tired badly near the wire. The Hoodoo coming around. Orleans ran be
. low form. Our Lizzie apparently no account. » *: . .
3111. FIFTH RACE — One mile; Shell Mound Handicap: three-year-olds; to first. $500.
• ; , --. . ¦ ; ; '. ~~ '¦ ¦ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. \ M. Vi. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3099) Lapidus 101 2 12 12 1112 Jennings & Co... Ransch 5-2 5-2
(3092) Waterscratch ....109 '3 3 1% 3 n 3 6 2 h Summers & Co..Bullman 8-5 9-8
3073. Magi 95 1 2 2 2 3 2 1 3 10 W. E. Applearate. . .Hoar 5-2 2
(3071) Royalty 99 4 4 1 , 4 10 4 15 4 15 W. B. Sink Jr.. .Jackson 4 7
(3082) Montana Peeress.. 83 5 5 . 5 5 5 Chlnn & Forsyth..L.Jack 10 25
Time — %. :25; %. :49%; %. 1:14; mile, 1:39%. Fair start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by Star Ruby-Pearl IV. Lapidus best.
Waterscratch stood a long drive and ran a swell race. Magi wilted under the hot clip set.
Royalty outf ooted. . _^_ '
8112. SIXTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
* Betting. "
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %. %. Str. Fin. Orraer and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3088 Diomed, 5... 113 7 62 41 11 In Brown & Co.. ..Jackson 7-5 9^5
3099 Bragg. 3 0G 5 2^11 22 21 Thomas Rowe Ransch 4 .1
(3070) Artilla. 5.... 109 1 7 6243 35 C. W. Carroll .... Mounce 2 2
307C Sunello. 5..... ...109 3 11 2 3 3 % 4 5 M. Storn T. Burns 6 7
3068 Billy Lyons, 4.... 106 2517 82 51 J. B. Bortano..A. Kelly 40 15O
(2941) Imperious, a...... 109 6 42325h 62 Dr. Rowell. ..Birkenruth 10 -2O
SPSS Expedient. B......100 4 *3 % - 5 n -7 7 P. E. Smith J. Daly 4O 150
Time— %.-:25^ ;,%,.:50:.%, 1:16; mile, 1:41 %; Ii4m, 1:54%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner,. J. G. Brown & Co.'s ch. g. by Red Iron-Lilly Wright. Diomed, an erratic
actor, had two lengths the worst'of the start. Bragg stood a drive gamely. Artilla fell
far out of It during the early stages and closed a deal of lost ground through the stretch ¦
4
CANCER
Sufferers from 'this- horrible malady!
nearly always inlieritit— not necessariJv
from the parents, but may be from some
remote ancestor, for Cancer often runs;
through several generati6n£ This deadly;
poison 2nay lay dormant in the' blood' for
years, or until you reach middle life, then
the first little sore or nicer makes its ap-
pearance — -or a swollen gland in the
oreast, or 6ome other part of the body,
gives the first -warning. ' y.' .
To cure Cancer thoroughly and perma-
nently all the poisonous \irus must be
eliminated from the blood— every vestage
of it driven out.- This S- S. S. does, and
is the only medicine that can reach deep-
seated, obstinate blood troubles like this.
When all the poison has been forced out
of the system the Cancer heals, and the
disease never returns.
Cancer begins often in a small way, as the
following letter from Mrs. Shirer shows :
A small pimple'cameon my jaw about an inch
be'ow the earontbe leftside of my face. It gave
rne no pain or iaconven- :, • • - -^aj^-J :»?••":'•
eince, a'jd I should have y^SS^f^S^s.
fergctten about it had it • /fcgjg5d~ag3gft
net begun to inflame and Jspf^-
itch ; it would bleed a %&?'?-'-
little, then scab over, but F}ia*& 1 vwr-v.
wculd net bea'.. This "•75^© ? -**^ > .*'!SB
coatinticd for some time, y^f^pM "5«
when rcy jaw began to wi«6jfcJS? ' £-2$ '
strril, becoming vkj -*}ii f -: r £jj^ \ je'
painful. The Cancer be- •>;, • V T - ¦&&£#¦¦ '\ /^>«'
gan toeataai spread, -'^ffi^Sr .*/&$'-
until it W2S£S large as a j2&£j&£^ ~AZ~>
half dollar, when I heard iy§2gRj?^'>ft]g!'kw
of S. S. S. and determin- •
cd to give it a fair trial,
ar.d it vrzz ic^icrkc'oie * !¥•*£ SW^^v*' »»:'¦¦*
\rhat a -woaderf ul effect " ' - * '
it had from' the very beginning ;.the sere began ta
heal and after taking a few" bottles disappeared
entirely, 1 This was two j-ears ago ; thete are still
no sign's ot the Cancer; and rny general- beatlh
continues good.— Mrs. R. Shirer. JUa. Plata. Mp.
- X^ftk SjpQi 3 e greatest of all
W<^ blood puiifiexs^and the
.^Bk.oily on .cC guaranteed ;
h3& $*M h3 P urely x ' k P eX ? h l e -
Heggec for-our.-freb book f on
_ Cancer, containing valuable anq' interest^.
ing about disease., and
writeour physicians about your- case; -We
make no "charge for medical advice'.- 1<:
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, Ga. "
Two Slides,
" Aside from the cheer and •
: comfort 'it ;gives : \to-'lifeN. r --.]
AVhiiKey
is ¦ friendship's ' pledge in ¦ _ -
.'; ; . hafjpy hours. : . ; V .-. '.'¦;¦./..
The Charm of Hospitality
and. the '..": ¦
,Tonicof Health.
¦ - "'¦¦ ' ¦ ¦: ¦ ¦ _ . -\ y. ¦ ¦ :A.\ '¦ : -
',',-¦ CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.; Inc^ ' '¦)
i . -837 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal. , . .
.'-. . .; •: Telephone Main 873. -.
J MEM, DO YOU?
§ /~^S :-*Dq you want to be strong?. Doyo-j
§ /-*fr want to^ feel the vim, the snap and,
s / f fire of vigor?. Do you want, courage
«/. /iff energy and ambition to support
% fj I aWm you in your cares and troubles?
P Sv t|m • J have devoted my life to the de-
S \ velopment of vigor in both men and
Q -^^ \ women. I've made a great success.
he> » • \. ' methods are approved by ths
S -•:-'¦ ¦¦ \* greatest doctors and copied.
S V 1>ve Proved that electricity 13 the
?x5 ISd&s- \ oasis of all animal life and that
a> ¦'• /mis? '4 \ "weak men," dyspeptics, rheumat-
» ' T^s^ - •,* \ ics, sufferers from lost energy, weak
« ¦ ' fcb iii f *• J/ t \ kidneys, pains in the back, head.
<X> ISklSSSm ¦ ~" = "" i£ *!/^ / A \ chest and shoulders -from, varlcoceio
f& mmSSSB^B ¦•». /J&-. I an<^ * ts a^ le d weaknesses, etc., are
S • ttWSn f/^Si \ k. ' 5 e » k ln electricity. M v Electric
y? tiBP^SiW* ? \| ff vfe, «PSK restores this life in a few
8 iraEi SiVM \ I WA'l'jfe^^ iWssS v? ' ee^ 3 and curea every time.
IBBP' McLaughlin's
S !4^^W» Electric Belt.
ft I ittk -^S^t^-*^ Describe your case to me. and If I
S . '^*\ . ¦ *ay I can cur© you I will sruaranteo to.
I Belt has^nf ?, al r iid ' iclt . l ! eMl >« disappeared. I appreciate what your
8 ° tW ? * ¦ C * Wrl^ e ? J ' S«=hwarr Colcridfte, : Trinity County. Cat.
| i PJ^"l5^t^^5g^ 1 Sl&> U W^ ha, »d > as « o < meat to
|Pr.;M.C. McLaughlin, J°l,r^fLS;Stimulants were administered to the
girls by the chaplain, who remained with
them until ' they '. were relieved. Both
clergymen were severely scalded by escap
ing steam. " - ¦ :. •
."Work of the Rescuers.
-Acting Battalion Chief Friel found in
the wreck a man who gave his name as
T. .; M. ; Murphy, and .tried : to move s him.
Murphy said his leg was held -fast and
asked-Frlel to ; free it. The Chief found
that if he loosened: the timbers that held
Murphy's lsg.he.was liable to let down
more wreckage oh the bodies of the two
girls.: He told Murphy this and Murphy
said, ."All right; I'll wait; but please be as
quick as you can."- . -, .
The Chief made Murphy as comfort- ;
able as he could with a seat cushion and
CHAMPIONS THE NEW CHARTER
- ¦ Responsibility, for the i disaster ' Is un
fixed, • but : Superintendent L Franklin said
that so far as he has been able to ; dis
cover John Wischo, engineer of the White
Plains train, is to blame. It: is declared
t hat when :• the - South ¦; Norwalk > train
6topped a' flagman ran | back into I the I tun
nel-and besides placing, a torpedo ori the
I rack endeavored - to flag the ¦ oncoming
train. The , tunnel was . clouded ..with
steam and smoke, while the snow; which
tell through* the 1 air-shafts? tended, to
obscure ' the view. Engineer; Wischo and
Fireman . Chris ; Flynn .were . arrested. V A
signal man was detained for a time, but
was released. . ."". y - -¦ - ,;
v :. Superintendent: Franklin has issued -a
statement as to the accident- in which he
declares . that the block J signals at Fifty
ninth'stre'et were obeyed; by. the . New
Haven -train, but; the- engineer; of . the
White Plains train disregarded them.- <v
"The torpedo on the * track ", went - off,"
said the superintendent/ '.'but he did not
stop, . even ', though the ¦ fireman - called - to
him to do so. : , The system of block sig
nals is such; that it is; a physical impos
sibility for a signalman to make his light
declare the track free if another train is
en the block." ¦' - .-•-.= . -. '. , t ¦ ¦..-.'••.
District Attorney Jerome visited,- the
wreck | and personally :> examined '; many
witnesses. The State Railway. Commis
sion also announced its intention to make 1
an investigation, /and ; similar intent was
expressed by the general- officers of ' both
the New York Central and Hudson River
Hallway and the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railway. ,'-. - . .
-Residents of -New Rochelle, contributed
the largest number.; to; the casualty list,
because the rear car. of ¦ the South* Nor
walk 'local • was -.reserved for them, and
was kept locked ¦ when the trainTeached
that place. . '¦
11 — — ; - . .. • •;.-¦,... . , . »
'he. lay . there till 'the / bodies : of the . in
jured* ones beside. him- were removed. ', '
. Two v policemen -¦' and 5 ', Chaplain .Walkley
reached Mrs. ..Howard; and 'the chaplain
I gave her a stimulant: A 1 The policemen
were cutting* away the" seat which; held
i the woman down' when a pipe broke.' The
scalding steam ; drove : them '.back,';', and
i when ¦ the rescuers returned : Mrs. '. Howard
was' dead.-,- <•'.-¦:; ¦> "\ ¦.."*! v';^-- : .'' V ¦'-="•'.; ¦*'¦¦¦¦'•?,??, *-'•¦;¦'• •"*¦ *-:';,
Injured- persons f in need -of immediate
attention were given temporary dressing
by the. ambulance and , volunteer: .„• sur
geons and.; them hoisted i; to :- the V- street:
Many Park-avenue mansions were thrown
open : to the suffering, : but | most : of ; the in-
Jured i were' at once : taken : to "¦; hospitals.^
The dead- were -carried, to! morgues 'and
police .;, stations. '." v An r immense - ,i croWd;
heedless of •¦-. the 'snow, .which" whirled
through i the ; street, gathered about Vr the
tunnel entrance and ; shafts . and watched
t/.e rescue -work.' • ¦:¦:.;'¦ •:¦¦¦¦¦.'.¦;/
. Cornelius Vanderbilt • was , among •. those
who came to the ' tunnel*,'- but •' the ¦ police
denied • him ; admittance, '; despite the fact
that hts family^ controls the; railway, v
.Engineer Is "to f Blame.
Arthur. T: Edwards, second engineer, of
the Bristol,, resided 'with his .wife at ;708
Guerrero! street and' was. 32 j years | of . age.
Until six months agoJEd wards. was one of
the: head . machinists at the Union Iron
•Works: i : His specialty was . marine work,
and • he . superintended the construction of
many.'rof Uhe : fleet steamers' arid battle
ships' recently turned- out' by that com
pany. ' Edwards was born In England and
has lived in San Francisco ten years.
Howard Hurlbut was the son
of • Reuben P. ¦ Hurlbut, a contractor and
builder, residing at 23 Hill street. He was
22 years of age and was a student at Stan
ford University until the beginning of the
last term." He went on the Bristol in the
engineer's department for the purpose of
getting a thorough knowledge of machin
ery,; having, devoted his, time to ; the study
of mechanical | and electrical engineering.
It was the young man's first trip to sea.
•'-.. r Joseph Sllva was a, Portuguese seaman,
and when In this city, roomed' at 54 Sacra
mento street., , \ •• ¦¦? '-,
but had they been spared to be with us this
day, ¦- in l common ¦ with you who remain, - they
would have, shared the pleasure- and satisfac
tion of knowing that their efforts have resulted
in making ' San Francisco a free city,' equipped
¦with '.a'.; model s organic -law,; which.: has 'been
safely Inaugurated, and that to our ' successors
in office we have been able to transmit a gov
ernment whose civic administration, while con
spicuously | clean. - has, we believe, at the same
time been : a positive force for good. . which - we
trust 4 will- endure, : , . .•:."-,
: William; :Roemer,T who J.was" among the
victims of r the wrecked cbllier^Bristol, was
a . steward, on .the "vessel. '.' Roemer - was a'
native of .Hamburg,^Germany, 'rand.,' was'
about 43 yedrs- of age.~t Before signing. on
the. ¦; Bristol; he'hadf been-in'the. United
States* transport ; servlce.y He lived while
in -this' city, at'; 53^' Jessie street. :¦>•";' /.'
Stanford Student.
One of -the . Unfortunates a Former
SAN FRAHTCISCO VICTIMS.
The value of- the Bristol. was about $160,
000." .Her, cargo was worth- about $8000, but
it can easily t be salved. - : Officers ¦- of '. the
City of -Seattle/ do 'not believe it. possible'
to, ever 'raise or. repair the vessel. -{'¦
>¦: Captain: Mclntyre was -born'in Scotland
in 1832 and v was- 72 -years of ,age at the
time of his<death. iHis- first appearance
on this : coast was in 1854/ when he "arrived,
at Victoria -as. second \ ofHcer! of •' the East
Indian ship'- Marquis.- of -Butte, then under
charter i to the 'Hudson' Bay Company and
engaged - in - the /transportation v of : supplies
from England v to; Victoria. r'Captajn Me-'
Intyre : left theS; Marquis .of -Butte and
sailed southto:San ? Francisco"in 1858. One
year j later he' took command of the bark
Parry. On that vessel, and the, Massa
chusetts he remained till 186(5, when,' leav
ing the latter ship; he assumed command
of ; the . ship. Revere,' which Che « sailed ' for
twenty years. "From the Revere Captain
Mclntyre .' went ; to > the 'H, old ship - Rich-:
ardlll, which 'is now an old , hulk en
gaged iin^transportingtorejiand -coal' be^
tween : the •; Treadwell amines on 'Douglas
Island,; Alaska;: and the Tacoma^ smelter.
At the time .Captain Mclntyre-took-com
mand of . the. Richard; III 1 ; she was a' fine"
vessel and she . made * many ¦ trips to' China
and Australia: during the; six i years, he ire-"
mained In charge of her. '"From the Rich-*
ard'III Captain- Mclntyre went 'tot the
Bristol.:-"./,: ./'//. : ; ,.. - ! '', :. •:-.--^ ij -
;" Captain -James :McIrityre, master of the
steamer ¦ Bristol, --who ; is i among > the. - lost,
was ' one of ? the i oldest -, and . best ? known
marinecs'on this ;coast;' from San Fran
cisco to Alaska. - He made : his home in
Port .Townsend during/ later years." / His
widow, < four sons and one daughter reside
there. ;¦"''-¦.'' : '-.:,'-¦¦:¦• '.--¦.. -.;-¦-•:• ',:'• "'.
L. The Bristol'; was a vessel of .1983' tons
gross, '1274 net," 278? feet Un- length; 'She
was built In England in 1875 and chris
tened the Bristol, v Shortly afterward, un
der other; ownership, she was named the
Costa Rica. •} A < few : : years ' later '¦ she was
rechristened , the > Bristol, ;: then named the
Valparaiso and | finally assumed her, maid
en -name, , and was known ' by.- that while
engaged as a collier . on this coast by < R.
Dunsmuir& Sons. ¦ In 1887 she was bought
from her.,-bullders by the > Marquis r del
Campo, «? a ' Spaniard, 1 who '< had ' visions of
building up» a -large .'trade between the
port of San' Francisco i and ; the western
coast of South America. At the time he
purchased ;. the 5 Bristol ' Del . Campo also
bought the Nicaragua. The name of . the
Bristol- he altered -f^td .the- Costa' Rica.
These three vessels plied - in the coasting
trade for.'one;year. ; - >,:¦.. ¦ . . .¦ , ; .;
The twenty-one survivors were famished
with cold " and i hunger and' were • cared] for
by the ¦¦'¦ Cottage ' City ' people. > They^ were
token : as , f a r north ¦. as : Ketchikan, v where
they were .: picked up by the steamer . City
of TOpeka. r i^-- , -. • . . •
¦¦"• The>seven men, .including, 1 , the ""captain,
probably ± were carried" underiby> the flood
of ¦ water :;with\the; sinking; steamer. -Part
of < the i lifeboat which , they * had' tried 'to
launch; had (drifted up on the shore.:"; '¦..--. .
:- 4 The i fourth t lifeboat' appears '-• to ¦'¦';¦ have
been -smashed before it left the ship, v The
other ? boats' r- crews" could : not' see:: the
fourth j boat: leave: the r steamer, and in a
few.; moments ¦. the \ big .'.vessel . sank, \ first
breaking; in" two, v and : her.- stern , went . en
tirely. out ; of J sight, j. This , was : at ¦• 2 > o'clock
in: the morning, and" the ¦' three: boats had
a \ terrible ;. time to !> keep \fromn foundering
before > daylight ' came, -q During '. the •' night
they, i were' driven ;",out .. of .', sights of :.:;¦ the
wreck.' •¦•:¦ Before'. 10; o'clock In -the; morning
they, were j pickedT up , by , the .Cottage City,
which i had.* lifted anchor, at I daylight.
Captain ?.3V allace , f of A the -/Alaskan ~ ¦ liner
cruised' around in. the vicinity, all 'day., and
even "sent i a > boat ,_ crew,: ashore |on '¦ the
islands * to « see : if ,• possibly . some '"of '-> those
whoihad j'remained^ on, the : wreck might
. have got * into > ther last ; boat , and ; been
saved.: His searchwas futile. -'-.' :¦, •
en and it '<¦ took - a > half hour ¦¦ to^iget - the
boats away,, with seven men in each.* The,
thlrd!^boat >• was £ put '' out" over - the stern
and r got ; awayj more '" easily.* ;:The captain
intended 1 ? going ; in { the last ; one.'- He went
in to >t his *¦ cabin; to , get;, some .trinket": and
delayed'; the boat. ;;..~- '.,:;,' ; ¦» •¦ .
REVENUE DEPUTY > ASSIGNED.— Harvey
S. Hudson, General Deputy Internal Revenue
Collector, has been assigned from Portland.
Or., for duty In the San Francisco office with
Biirt M. - Thomas. Special Internal Revenue
Agent. Hudson entered upon the discharge of
his duties yesterday. " • .-'_'¦:¦
every citizen might • pursue his dally work
without molqptation. To -> attain that end,
when the _ city was practically > In a state of
war, they chose methods- which subjected them
to censure on the part of many. But- calmer
judgment has. shown us .that in a time of in
cipient riot, when ¦ open and violent acts of
lawlessness are of : daily occurrence." ; It- ,was
necessary for. the Dollce, their numbers 'being
inadequate to patrol the streets, to give escort
to non-union men ' and : to ¦ keep the ¦ highways
clear for their safe passage, not because ¦ they
favored them in the Industrial conflict, but be
cause they favored, as -every good American
citizen does, the upholding and . the preserva
tion of the constitution and the laws. : It
would have been a great satisfaction for. this
administration, to have, settled the differences
between employer, and -employe, , the Mayorand
the Supervisors having Intervened for thia- pur-"
pose, but when negotiations failed and a physi
cal conflict was precipitated, It 'was likewise &
satisfaction to the administration > and to- the
thoughtful and patriotic people of this 1 city
that the. law. was upheld without an appeal, as
many hastily r requested,' for State and Federal
aid. , The municipality proved sufficient for It
self. -- V;,-^. ¦¦¦-., £¦• --.-.--J .-.-¦- ..•..- - . . , • ¦ ,; .
"By the vigilance of- the Board of Health this
city was saved from Oriental Infection, which
visited ' during : the last two ' years < Hongkong
Honolulu, Sydney and other Pacific ¦ Dorts.v In
common .with. other commissions. It was criti
cized : for. doing .Its duty. . The Federal'Gov
ernment,, which ; maintains , here a ; national
quarantine, i . through disinterested exnerts . of
the highest standing, has Justified It in all its
official acts. ¦- "."¦, ¦¦ -r -f ¦ ¦
¦ The •' Park • Commission has maintained 'the
same hlsrh average '-efficiency/, and • the^Elec
tion' Commissioners . have ' creditably performed
their function". . - - . < -;¦. r /,-« ¦-••;:
I The first administration under the new char
ter went into office with the purpose to .serve
the I people and the people only. , This it • has
done. The evil influences of the past, corrupt
bosslsm and corporation control, were unknown
to San : Francisco , during . the last two years:
Every measure - was :¦ passed upon ; its merits
and .¦ public work , was -. done without . scandal.
Harmony ¦ existed between . the legislative and
the executive branch. of the government,- and I
trust those t Dleasant relations will continue to
remain ; between, the newly elected Board 'of
Supervisors and' the Mayor. ¦; • , .;..-;• : ; -¦:
¦ Several -of our colleagues have departed: this
life I amidst I circumstances ' ; of profound I regret
and- sorrow.- Supervisors - Helms and 'Duboce.
Coroner R. t Beverly I Cole, I Chief of Police ¦Wil
liam P."« Sullivan,-'. Clerk ; of 'the Board" of;Su
pervisors John ¦;- A; . Russell, , President' of 'the
Board of Civil | Service iCommlssloners . J. Rich
ar-J Freud, - Freeholders Dr. - John Nightingale
Jr... Jcceah Britton, I*' R." EUert, : Henry <-N.
Clement I and , John C. . Nobmann have passed
away.- These men,' who -were all so < Interested
in ¦ the success ¦ of . the •: charter, departed with
out witnessing, the consummation of. our work,
¦:Thrre has b»en no criticism refl»otlnsr, on the
Integrity ¦ or.' the co- en : nf . the ;. Board ,- of r Po-
Jlro Oimmtssloners.,- During the; recent -waste" 1
f ul • and ¦'• unnece?sar*'r ptnke -, the ¦ duty i of r. the
police was to uphold the ; law : and • to see. that
, -The. Police. Commission has; from the'begin
ning .^attracted - considerable public c attention.
Chr account of the character of its-work and. its
extensive discretionary; powers under : the char
|te.r In, the 'granting of -licenses i to ; saloons,- at
tempts -have t been - made . from ¦' time to ¦ time ¦ by
tho?e who live under. the shadow of the law to
.Impose upon and -browbeat -the; board.' iln the
second month of • my, t»rm - 1 - was f compelled « to
reorennire • It. '¦ when \ W. p, v Sullivan • Jr." was
elected i ChW • of - Police: ; > : .TIils'' dr>VQted ; nf flcr,"
:in ?nlt» of hoPtllcandHtnJust. crltlolpm;-' dld,hl«<
.ivhnte - duty ''• with ¦ honor : and ¦ distinction. • irhd
finally.'". the ' burden . belnjt • too > heavy; srave ¦ up
hi* Jife. •.,.'¦:•'.:«.. •:. : ¦¦-¦>•.,,. .,„ -,,,^ -¦- .-...-.¦>
t ; The .Board of Education. has Introduced cook-'
InK and -manual, training in the schools, which*
serves not only, a' useful purpose in inculcating*
a ; tR*te-:. for J mechanical work, and
economy. ; but also affords 'recreation. 1 -; The de
partment f has been greatly Improved In 'effi
ciency and; the. schnoja are ' now ' conducted ' In •
the interest of , the: children.' , ._>-.. v.-,, -v ,¦..¦.>»..
¦ ...The Board: of ; Fire . Commissioners, obedient
Ltn ; the • mandate - of ' the* charter, •• has ; put • that
[ department on a-fully paid basis.' : ¦•
It is. proposed to connect the park with the
presldioi at Mountain Lake 'Park, one-half of
which Is owned by the 'city; "'.The. city should
also acquire the strip of land a block wide be
tween the park : and • the Cliff House, In ' order
to make a park effect and' prevent the disfigure
ment of ' the superb ocean front, which dis
tinguishes San Francisco among the : cities of
the- world. ,:"..-. ¦¦''¦¦'¦ t ¦¦ ' '•"'¦
The only reason why, the acquisition of the
thirteen • blocks ,to- bring the park down 'to
Market street and -provide for It a flttlmr. en
trance was : not . resubmitted ' to ' the • people ¦: (It
once having prevailed) is that; if was deemed
expedient by^the friends; of the measure to let
i ihi gtllltles — water; j street '¦¦ railways,' hospitals,'
' school ¦ houses ¦. and sewers— be - voted - on c first;
»Wben that ,¦ is done. ; the; people should' be ', at
once elven an -opportunity: to. vote on -the pan
handle : Droject. : The land : Is . now ¦ cheap ; and
but poorly improved, if at all, 'and delay means
additional cost.?.- ... ¦.-,.¦•'' ¦' >'
The Board of Public Works. has during the
laFt two'years laid many miles of streets, and
the character of the work has been first class.
Much money ¦ has . been spent in the repair of
public buildimrs," and '.' estimates . have . been
made for water, , gas and electric llsht,' tele
phone, street lallway and other plants in com
pliance,with the provisions of the charter, pre
liminary to the submission of the propositions
to tho. people. ..The most pressing need is the
introduction of an abundant pure water .supply
from the Sierras, and the -.initial work has been
fairly begun.' It Is only now necessary for the
people torauthorizea. bond issue. Necessary
public improvements i will also be' submitted
for the • approval of the people, the : outgoing
Board of Supervisors and the present Board 'of
Public Works havinr paved the way . for sev
ers., school buildings,. hospital, parks and'play
grrounds. . -¦-ai' 1 **-y^^iSg>^^^V''»iuj|Ht^u*«UB>w'».«ytp~iH
' The Assessor., controlling In many respects
the most- important department of the city
government, has, .by < the assessment of fran
chises and /other.' forms of - personal property,
raise-l . the assessment roll until , It. now fully
yields- within the dollar, limit ample funds for
the maintenance of the city povernmenti and.
as we have w><»n.. about SS.IO.Ofto for •«tr«>p*. p«<|
other, extraordinary improvements, ¦ thus Justi
fying-the dollar limit, -which is. as weVjiaw?
teen, one of the - principal features of.' the
charter. Our revenue will thus increase stead
ilv with the growth of the city. All other city
officials - have during.' their terms creditably
performed their duties. .
During .'the last two years the Mayor , and
Supervisors have let contracts ' for , supplying
the several departments, with materials, and it
is noteworthy that .the merchants have with
entire confidence entered into competition. : that
the awards have been made to the lowest bid
ders, and all bills have been promptly paid.
Gas rates .. have been ' materially reduced, but
competition has, . during the ' year, forced rates
in some Instances almost to the cost of produc
tion. - The same is true of electric light.' .The
illumination of 'the streets by the introduction
of lamps with ."VVelsbach . burners shows metro
politan progress. After a patient Investigation
a valuation of approximately $23, 000,000 was.
placed upon the property of the Spring Valley
Water Works used in supplying the city with
water, and after allowing operating: expenses'
and taxes a rate was fixed for public and pri
vate. consumption which was designed to.net
the company • 5 per cent upon this valuation.
Heretofore it was customary to allow the.com-;
pany $60 a year for. each hydrant, which ag
gregated $223,000. - By the method approved by
the courts and adopted for the first time last
February by the Supervisors, the value of ftie
company's - property was first .determined < and
upon it an agreed percentage allowed. Then,
on that basis, it was found that the contribu
tion of the water rate payers would be ap
proximately $140,000 less this year than last
year, and the. question before the Supervisors
was whether to reduce the general rates by that
amount or to give the city in hydrant rates the
whole benefit of the reduction. It adopted the
latter plan, and fixed a lump sum, $80,000, in
stead of a per hydrant rate for that service.
This, also, by saving it from the hydrant bills.
Rave the city in addition to the surplus,.$140,
000 within the dollar limit for public improve
ments. The water company has not • collected
any part of this hydrant rate during the fiscal
year beginning last 'July, but is disputing the
validity of the water order in the courts.- It
would appear that in any event it cannot re
ceive more than the $80,000 appropriated this
year : in : the budget, ' for this Is . the limit of
expenditure, but it is endeavoring to establish
a ' precedent : for future years, and hence the
Importance of vigorously defending the action
which is now in the able hand* of the City
Attorney.: . '
whose members ' have terms of office ' longer In
many instances than that of the Mayor him
self; they are sworn to uphold the constitution
and the laws,', and have -given . bonas ¦ tor the
ndelityjof themselves and of their subordinates.
They bear no such relation to the Mayor as the
.Federal Cabinet officers do to the President.
Cabinet officers are unknown to the constitu
tion, whereas the boards or commissions under
our municipal government are created and dep
rive their authority from our fundamental law.
Continued From Page Two.
The proceedings before the Commission
ers that preceded the two orders in the
oil rate case, on the original and second
hearings, were given great publicity in
the daily newspapers and the fact was
Trade evident that the testimony was long
and comprehensive. The complaint that
led to the proceedings was filed by John
La Blanc on April 16, 1901. The first hear
ing began on August 1. M01, and contin
ued seven days, with two sessions each
day. The witnesses were W. H. Allen,
W. A. Bissell, B. F. Brooks. Edward
Chambers. Rufus C. Emory. Frank A.
Garbett, John Lu Howard, Julius Krutt
pchnitt. John La Blanc. John Martin.
John Moss. Captain A. H. Payson. A. D.
Ehepard. William Sproule. Edward Stras
burg. James B. Treadwell and G. X.
Wendling. The case was submitted to the
"What is the Board of Railroad Com
missioners for?"— is asked on every side.
With this is coupled the opinion that If
the board has nc standing of value to the
public it will be well to abolieh it and go
rack to the Legislature to regulate rates
at the legislative sessions.
The fa.ct is also pointed out that if the
Board of Railroad Commissioners has no
power to regulats rates on oil, neither has
it the power to effectively fix rates on
flour, wheat or any other commodity.
Rates fixed by the Comissioners have
been considered to be forcible unless it
couia be clearly shown that they would
deprive the owners of the transportation
lines of their property, by compelling
them to fio business at a loss.
Board Seems Powerless.
reasonable and they therefore fixed maxi
mum charges. Attorneys for the South
ern Pacinc Company thereupon appeared
before Judge Dunne, who, without taking
any testimony, granted the temporary or
der that was asked for to prevent the
¦Commissioners from putting their order
Into effect and assigned the case for bear
ing tc Judge Hebbard- The rejoicing of
the oil men, who together have in the
aggregate several millions of dollars in
vested in the oi:. industry and who had
seen in the action of the Railroad Com
missioners a measure of relief, was thus
turned to Borrow and indignation.
In the proceedings were involved» the
possibility of tying up the rates for a
long period without court trial, possibly
until the Railroad Commission could be
made to' take on an aspect more favor
able to the railroad company by a change
in Its personnel. The proceedings com
menced might te made to. engage suc
cessively the Superior and Supreme courts
of Uiis State ani the Supreme Court of
the United States on appeal, thus con
suming a long p«riod of time.
"What good is the commission to the
State" — Is angrily asked by the oil men —
"if its orders can be practically set aside
by any complaisant Judge, without hear
ing, in this vray?"
The first blow was given when Presid
ing Judge Dunne acted. The Board of
.Railroad Commissioners, after sitting
many days and taking testimony from a
email army of witnesses, found that the
charges for moving oil Irom the San Joa
quin Valley to San Francisco were un-
Judge Dunne Acts First.
The oil producers of the Stato and the
State Beard cf R.ailroad Commissioners
are aghast at thu proceedings of the past
lew days in the State and Federal courts
in connection with the nullifying of the
ruling by which the Commissioners re;
reduced the reight rates for moving oil
from Bakersneld and other points in the
San Joaquin Valley to San Francisco.
The Southern Pacific Company recently
secured a temporary restraining order
irom the State courts through the action
cf Presiding Judije Dunne of the Superior
Court- Judge Morrow, In the Federal
Court, has made an order, upon applica
tion of the Santa Fe Railroad, restrain
ing the Railroad Commissioners from put
ting their rates into effect and set a day
for showing cause why the' temporary or
der fchould not be made perpetual. The
effect Is that the work of the Commis
eion, created urder the constitution of
California, for the express purpose of
regulating rates to be charged by trans
portation lines in this State, is suspended.
The Santa Fe Company has always added
to its annual rep art to the Railroad Com
missioners a statement that, being a for
eign corporation and doing business In
several States, it was not subject to regu
lation by a State commission. ,• : r
H.'G.- DIAMOND. 35. New Rochelle.
assistant ' • general manager, of the
American Bridge ' Company, this ¦ city.
B. MARKS. 32, New! Ro :
•chelie, employed , in the New York
Custom-house.
THEODORE FORGARDO, SO, New
Rochelle. T;. .. >,'¦ ¦;
WILLIAM FISHER. 25. New Ro
chelle. ' : . N
WILLIAM LEYS, ' 35. . New . Ro
chelle, ' general manager B. Altman &
Co., New York. .. •¦ . • . ..-.-.
WILLIAM HOWARD. : 48, 'New Ro
chelle. '• i " .. , ;¦¦;. ¦ . . ¦ ¦:
OSCAR' MEYROWITZ. 30, . -JCew
Rochelle. optician in New: York and
secretary of the : New Rochelle Yacht
ciub.--; 1 . ,. . ¦- • •;:.;¦ : . ::, ; . • ¦'.•' ''• ¦:
FRANKLIN CROSBY. 1 35. «New Ro
chelle. - / . " ¦' ¦
ERNEST F. WALTON,: 30, New
Rochel lei", broker .in New. York. 1 ¦
FRANK WASHBURN, 45.Y former;
ly.of , Chicago, president, of the Union
Bag . and Paper Company; ''¦ residence
New Roch,elle.
ALBERT M.PERRIN. 43 years oid, f .
recently from Chicago, > -.secretary 7
and second vice president of the, Union
Bag "and. Raper Company, ; residence -
New Rochelle. N.Y.' . . •'
. '¦ B: D. C. FOSKETT, 40, ¦ New . Ro
chelle..' : ~\ . ;¦¦ -'• '"•¦ '.':_
A. E. H. MILLS. 25. • New, Rochelle. -
E. O. HINSDALE, 35.\.">.'ew Ro-' r
chelie. .
;¦¦¦"¦ mrs! i' a: . f. Howard,'- ss. New \<
Rochelle. "; : <.' .; '-^SSltt '¦ ¦ : '¦¦ V->
THE DEAD.>
Value of a Constitutional
Board Is Debated
With Vigor.
Railroad Commissioner C." S. Laumeis
ter and Secretary W. T. Sesnon were
served with an order of the United States
Circuit Court yesterday restraining the
Board of Railroad Commissioners from
enforcing the oil rate adopted December
3. They immediately, telegraphed Com
missioners Edson and Blackstock notify
ing them of the service . of the papers.
Replies were received from both Com
missioners to .the effect that- they will be
in the city to-day. The board will then
decide upon what action they will take
in the matter.
In October a petition for a rehearing
was granted, the Southern " Pacific and
the Santa Fe both making application for
it- On November ."12 the taking of testi
mony was again begun. The witnesses
were Walter C. Beatie. W. A. Bissell,
Senator R. N. Bulla. Frank A. Garbett,
J. A. Graves. George L. Hoxie, Thomas
Hughes, W. A. Jacobs, Livingston Jenks,
Robert S. Knight. W. H. McKenzie. W.
G. Nevin, Thomas O'Donnell, A.. H. Pay
son, T. L.. Reid, Timothy Spellacy, A. J.
Samuel, W. A. Worthington and Edward
Strasbilrg. The taking of testimony pro
ceeded five days, ending November 30.
The order establishing the rates which
the railroads are. now striving to tie up
by injunction was made December. 2, 1901.
Father Smith of the Church of St. Vin
cent de Paul and Chaylaih WalkleyQf
Grace Church, both 'Chaplains of the Fire
Department. ' crawled into the wrecked
coach over the hot boiler, of the demol
ished White Plains locomotive and found
two girls in the middle of the last car
They were Miss Rice and Miss Scott of
New Rochelle. One lay on top of the
other, the one underneath held by wreck
age, which pinned her body down below
the waist. One leg was crushed. The dead
body of a man. which was also • pinned
fast by the wreckage, lay across the chest
of the other and held her down.
Commissioners on September 4 and wai
taken under advisement until October 8.
On the last. Earned date the order was
made, reducing the rate from 42 cents to
37 8-10 cents per barrel. - ' ' '
Ladders were run down the tunnel air
shafts and firemen and police attacked the
debris with ropes and axes. Passengers
already had rallied and were trying to re
lease those imprisoned in . the debris.
Lights were extinguished and from the
wreckage and darkness came the cries of
the injured and calls for- assistance by
those who escaped. Within a few minutes
the work of rescue, marked by . heroism
and sacrifice, began. Alarms that brought
every available ambulance In the citj? the
police reserves of five precincts and the
riremen of the central district of Man
hattan, were sounded at once. With
police, firemen and surgeons came a score
of -volunteer physicians and half a dozen
clergymen.
Lights . Are Extinguished.
It was a rear-end collision between the
South Xorwalk local that ran over on the
New York, New Haven and Hartford road
and was halted by block signals at the
southern entrance of the tunnel, and a
White Plains local that came by the Har
lem branch of the New York Central. ; The
wreck occurred at 8:17 a. m., at which
hour the trains were crowded by suburban
ites. Most of the deaths, injury and dam
age were caused by the engine of. the
White Plains train, which plunged /into
the rear car of the motionless train and
was driven through to the middle of [ the
car, smashing the seats and splitting the
sides as it moved forward. The victims
either were mangled In the mass of wreck
age carried with the pilot, crushed in the
space between the boiler and car sides or
scalded by 'steam ¦ which came hissing
from broken pipes and cylinders. The en
gine in its final plunge of forty feet car
ried the rear car forward and sent twisted
iron, broken timbers and splinters crash
ing into the coach ahead. . ¦
¦ ' lided to-day. Fifteen passengers
were killed and twice that 'number were
injured. A dozen of the latter. were seri
ously hurt and the roster of the dead may
be extended. /•."..'•'
NEW YORK, Jan. S.-In the New
York Central Railway ..." tunnel
that burrows under, Park avenue,
this city, two local trains col-
Railroad Commissioners'
Work Is Quietly
Wreck in the New York Central Railway ;Tu^
v Avenue Results in the Killing of Fifteen Passengers an|;^
the , Iiijury of Thir^; More* ' -¦ ¦ y"
COURTS ANGER
OIL PRODUCERS
REAR-END COLLISION CAUSES
SCENES OF DEATH AND HORROR
COLLlERWBRlSldL^IS COST AT^SEA
Continued From Page One.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAli^ THURSDAY, JANUARY '9, 1902.
5
Peri^u-na Will Gure it Before it
Becomes Chroriic,
Mrs. Eleanor Cohn, 505 Sixth avenue, New York, writes :
"For bronchial trouble or any other disorders otihe throat, lungs or
stomach, I believe Peruna is at the head. I caught a heavy cold which de-
valoped into' bronchitis in its most serious form and upon the testimony of
a friend 1 tried Peruna/ although I had but little faith in it, as my experi-
ence had been ; that most patent medicines are worthless. When I began
using it I had been confined to my bed for a week, arid in a few days I felt
my strength returning, the cough left my throat "less sensitive, and in two
weeks I was entirely well.''— MRS. ELEANOR COHN.
Mrs -W. Washburn,' financial secretary as myself, thought that I had consump-
of Camp ¦ No 2, Sons and : Daughters of tion. I thought that I could never get
America." also recording secretary of the better, and I prepared to die. :
Lady Standard .'Mutual. Benevolent Asso- "But reading in the papers about Peru-
ciation of New Orleans," La. ..writes from na. I decided to try it. without the least
12S Villere" street," New Orleans,. La.: - j. bit of hope that It would do me any good,
v '-¦¦¦1\-- ¦-;¦' . •¦ : -' -*'..¦¦ -'•¦ i'j but aftef taking three bottles I noticed a -
¦ , "Recently! Caught a seVar3 COla, change in my appetite, which seemed jo
*L^':L- t '.'.'.»»<aW/ u ;;..,;j *n utat In f S^t better, so I kept on. never getting dis-
being, repeatedly exposed to wet in couraged, and finally my cough got better.
Our i rainy' Season., '¦ It settled all the pains in my chest got better and I
.-•.."V-v.., ,.• f :¦¦-,.;.-. , -, ¦¦¦- 1 ' l j could rest at night. _ ./".
over me and ma few days I had -now i can lie on my back to sleep ail
'nhilliJnnrl fttvttn with inflnmmat'on and nl sht without waking, until I am .called
chills ana rever, witn innammax.on ana , n tne morning> and you may weU thInk
headache, SO that I was unable to be how thankful I am for Peruna.
¦' ., • -. . . , ¦ ;-¦ '• r ¦¦-*¦ «.- £./_/-••- -"Atitimes I thought I would choke, but.'
about. = - / had One- Of your OOOKletS lit It has all left me now. Peruna has cured
mv finma nnH hnii rnnd in ,an in- me.'-*-I ihave neither the cough nor tho
my home ana naa reap in an in sore , throat sjnce T U3ed the Peruna . £
different way Of the value Of PeTUna;, cannot thank Peruna enough. It has
•l x "¦¦- x. . / /:____ -;_t. / *h*..~U* cured . where doctors failed, and I talk
but When I became^SJCK I tnougnt p er una wherever I go. I recommend it to
about it and sent tor some. /found everybody."— Mrs^-W. M. Hohnmann.
it truly 'wonderful. \li 'simply hunted ' /^a^ plain talk
out every sick and aching place in on a Plain Subject, in Plain Lan-
my : body and within -, a -week Jj^was ¦'¦* ;,J'. i; ; ¦ j guage.
¦we/I. /j used It about 'twd-weeks .. A coid'Cla the starting point of more
loriaer and have been in* the best 'of than half of the fatal illnesses from no-
v, . **.., ¦ 1, ¦¦—'¦ vember.to.May. A- cold is the first chap-
nea/th Since. • ' . . ' terin the history of every case of con-
: ;: "v •-• MRS W WISHBURN *- sumption. A cold is the first stage of
;: mno. n. nnonaunn. chronic catarrh, the most loathsome and
Mrs. -W.M. 'Hohnmann, 569 North Pau- stubborn, of diseases. A cold is the legitt-
lina street, Chicago, .111., -writes: . ' -, mate parent of a large family of diseases,
,, "I wish to write you about my expe- such as bronchitis, pleurisy, pneumonia
rience with Peruna. I suffered with ca- and quinsy. , To neglect a cold is almost
tarrh of -the bronchial "tubes and had a suicide. To fail to provide against this
terrible cough rever since a child. As I well-nigh inevitable evil is dangerous jieg-
grew older it got worse. Every /winter it ligence.
got so bad that! did not know what to ¦ Peruna js a safeguard as a preventive, a
do. After awhile it got. so bad that I had specific as a cure for all cases of catarrh,
the cough ibofh. winter and summer, . acute 1 and chronic, coughs, colds, con-
' ."I kept getting worse and kept i doctor- sumption, etc., etc. '
ing, and could;hot,even v get'relief. ThenI If you do not derive prompt and satis-
went to the dispensary tor treatment, but factory results -from the -use of Peruna
it, all, did "me: no good. , At night I could write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
never lie on* my. back, but' would sit up in full statement of your case, and he will
bed with pillows propped. up behind me. be pleased to give you his valuable advice
but still the cough /would bother me J and gratis: ; ,
would not let me'sleep until 2 or 3 o'clock Address Dr.^Hartman, President of The
in the morning.:. Then everybody, as well Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O. . ..
Asfo :ybiw druggist for , a free JPe-rit-na Almanac.
I San Francisco. Thursflay, 9 January, 1902. E
I China closet^ $17.50
(J— ; ! ' J : '..'..' ' . a, '
This is our regular price — not a SPECIAL, e.s you might I .
suppose. You may depend upon it that when" a price is other
Ithan the rekular price you will be told so plainly. It's natural -
enough for one to assume • that our- advertised prices are ,'¦ ;
"SPECIAL" — particularly by those who are at all familiar. with :
the quality of furniture. Furthermore, we, wish -.to emphasize . .
the fact that the price we askfor ;the pictured .china .
closet is the ONLY price we will take. 'no niatter who the "pur-
chaser may be. We do not "size up" our.; customers and make
our prices accordingly.
This china closrt is built of oak. golden-finish. It, has round^
intf g-las's sides, and three adjustable shelves. Height, 69 inches; :
iit v-idth, 36 inches: depth. 13 inches. Price. $17.50. , : , .'.' r ':_' .
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) |
g 957 to 977 MarXct Street, Op?; -Goldca (htc Avenuz. f
Urn. 1 1 U nil In LI III 1 1 L U
•The greatest train across the continent High speed with
> high-class'accommodations have mada it th: most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
City Ticket Office, 641 Market St, (
¦ar- Makes eye-glasses and^TI or
spectacles to order at moder-
: :atecostv : Expertmecha i *pt?>
'i, ;jtO.dO,the».WOrk. Tire "Dr. 0: '1^. A Id en Electric
: Fnr : nther • pv<» troiihlps •' Belt", (with -, "Z$&x~- ¦ ¦' n ¦ p e n sory> , is
..'-. r .°. r -° ule V e y e .. v " lr V" UlCS .. . , guaranteed .^**-> . to possess all the
*' Consult VOUr OClilist. • ' curative -properttea of the expensive: belts
, wiouii jiuui w-uiui. now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
'i ; i'"- i '// I -'*V'' *lf ' /? '(s"//7 ' ¦'• ? er y "trong- current of electricity and to'
f "^A>jHh'lJMc^lp9'/nyLKQJf > r\ easily, regulated. -Bound" to : supersede
+ J fg/l&%U/g\tMiZ/Jl/T%S^r* others. Can b» had from the umlersigned
¦ :,¦ .¦*¦ ..-¦•" -Jr s' •^--' ¦¦ -'¦¦ -¦-.;:-. V only: NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
-' ¦s+'j»e\** t/jk ¦,---•* -^ .-.-¦'•- -e ' : cuJar' free.' Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
O42 rlARKET.uT > ;tRIC CO.. ; -20«:Post»st.. Satt Francisco, or
; ' W^ Tfc * '¦'^^'^fa« l «-^»-^j im Broanway. ?.>w York. ¦
•-¦ i .. .' ' . ¦- ¦' ,-'*-•-."..*-.:' : "' ..,.-..- ... -. - ¦
ROOFING SLATE. W^S^^
VTe are creoared to furnish unexcelled black. SSV* L» :-jSS^^^h "* ¦ ¦ ' "<yrirC?«AA > *tJfr r^ '* H
also .jcray. rooflns slate. 'manufactured at our jgi^^^W gT"- _ ' j? a ' ' \r
•quarries in El Dorado County. We invite com- 9 | M HEW gt g*! g B
. parison- with any Eastern slate. : 1 fl feJ K.it| tW FlK i~. A^^M
On. application fuir information will be fur- gjLfil H E**4| VH Sag§ S 8*3 H
nUhed;. Intending builders.
' EUREKA SLAT- C^> W*fr^^^f^J^r^tl^^^^rfS^i
Room 15, Second Floor, Mills Building, j SS|vCj*^^^?^S > S^MJMlMligB^fcCM^JcS
mfflSlB mipation of the world [mi
ftl^ 1^ and won its patronage \sA\
W because it satisfies the jyiv
m\ 11 ' ¦'^¦QlyBi'sal needs iv ; pf ; so- l*M
W w) ¦¦cletn in shoe .construe- m)H
\ y r ' ¦ : ¦: #^'\t' ; $ econ d Shoe Store from Market Street. 1 tffc*
rAV ." / -, "If /.i ¦' ••¦ ¦ Mail orders sptcially; solicited ; and promptly I fl V¦. . The Populists 'of Georgia have, decided . to . put - a '
full: ticket in the ¦ field for.the State^ election" this year, ;
and there ; is no telling but what we ; may havif ¦ -Tom •
Watson once . niore prancing around the'arena and '
disturbing , the ; peace. . . . . . : ; . . {
¦A (local minister ."recently '., placed on record in the
City^Hall that in two; instances] he ; was : cheated ;df;his :
marriage fee } by deceiving- benedicts. IThe : preacher
ought Uo- form a silent- partnership' with some col-
Oklahoma wishes to annex Indian Territory and
be* admitted ;{6' statehood" under the name ' of JeflferX
son, and there is a good chance for the scheme to go
through as a- part of the . celebration - of Jefferson's
purchase of ; Louisiana; ' *. "¦¦'.
That Virginia constitutional : convention has ". re- 1 ;
appeared afte^ the holidays and is still struggling*
over; the -franchise question, and it. looks^as "if the"
members would , continue • to discuss^ ' it until ( it " has
been. settled. by the lapse of time. "¦ '¦' ¦':-
. "How is ; your i boy , in the axmy, getting
along,- Willerby ?" • inquired ; the • old friend
of. the, family.'. '. f : V ¦'
>-."By> George, • sir!'; •; enthusiastically an
swered ; the father,:, who -hadfiust received
from ,'Algy -another,,' urgent : request for
money,' "that boy. is a masterly campaign
er, already;? He gets into all sorts of ; tight
places,^ but he always manages I to' keep in
communication with his base of supplies."
•—Chicago Tribune.. ."
Choice candies. Townsend's, 1 Palace Hotel.*
¦¦ '" ' ' "*, .'^.'/..* — ."•••' ' '
Ex. strong. hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Cal." Glace Fruit 50c peiTlb at Townsehd'a.'
, Look out for. 81 Fourth,* front barber arid
grocer," best eyeglasses.'j specs; 15c to 40c*
¦'Special information-. supplied daily to
business * houses -and \ public I men by '.. the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont
gomery street. >J Telephone , Main , IOC -y\ • -v
. The ; pang'-kou is : a ; small Chinese drum
resting on a" wooden- tripod.->It;ls5beaten
with common wood : drurnsticks. -4
GuiHet's ''New -Tear's; extra"? mince tples.'ric*
cream and cake. -005 Larkin; phone East 193. *
What promises to be one of trie; most. startling fea
tures of the St. Louis Exposition will be a. model
city -with every, dement that should be and nothing^
that should not be.. The exhibit v without Tquestion
will be a. bewildering^ revelation to the denizens of
American "cities. " . '. v . , :
Other figures of the report are equally interesting.
The 183 corporations^controlled 2029 plants that were
active during the census year and 174 plants that were
closed down.- ,- They employed an average . of * 399,1 92
wage-earners, receiving ¦ $194,^4,715 » wages. Em-'
ploymeht also was given to' 24,583; salaried officials]
clerks, etc.;- receiving, a total of $32,653,628 in saia-f:
ries. Miscellaneous expenses of th'ese- combinations ;
aggregated $151,851,077. ; : :Total ; cost of /. material
used was $1,085,083,828. The gross value of.products
—less the -value of material purchased in : partly > man- : ,
ufactured.form— gives, the net or true value- of
products of these combinations as $1,051,981,586
The rapidity with • which , these* immense combina
tions have arisen is shown .by, the statement that over '"¦
50 per -.cent; were chartered duringthe • eighteen '•;
months from January 1,1899, to June 36, -i960., "Since :
I that time the ' organization of similar ¦ industrial .'com- '*
j binations has continued with undiminished vfgor.; 1
-The -movement, however, has not'been.all one way '
If the formation of the great steel trust ! shows ari 'in- ¦!
creasing tendency toward , larger and •larger^cornbina-"';
tibus. the- recent collapse. of. the' .Cleveland ; syndicate; ¦
I the asphalt' trust and_the rubber trust shows that they |
STATISTICS given out by the Censui Bureau
showing. the extent of industrial
in the United States on MaV 31, 1900, make an
imposing, array of figures. The number/of corpora
tions included in the report is 183, with an authorized
capitalization of. $3,607,539,206, 'and -capital stock is
sued is $3,085,200,868. Of this; total the authorized
capital includes ' $270, 1 27,250 in bonds, . $1 ,259.540,900
in preferred stock and $2,077,871,050 in. common
stock. ,The capital . stock issued comprises* $216/412,
759 in; bonds, $1,066,525,963 in preferred stock" and.
, $1,802,26.2,146 in common stock. ¦ ;'.- • .;.^;. •
u : These enormous corporations have done a business
proportionately enormous. . Jhe total value of their
products is reported.at $1,661,295,000, and'it is esti
mated that, the sum is equivalent to fully 20 per cent
of the' total gross products of the manufacturing in
dustries of the country! in; 1890. : Thus in a single dec
ade- a -comparatively -small number of combinations -
has. come .within; a measurable distance • of accom- l
plishing what the whole country- could ' do ten ' years
a g°- .. ••"¦ ", -: ¦--¦.;
INDUSTRIAL COMBINATIONS.
According to one scientist civilized man in the
future will make so much use of streetcars and ele
vators that his legs will degenerate untiP they be
come useless adjuncts to the body; but according
to another men are developing physically at such a
rate that the future race will be one of giants "with
massive limbs. and /four-toed feet, j So we, see that
what these scientists need most just now is a board
of arbitration for the purpose of establishing a har
mony of theories.
the proposed law, and will not avow a conviction
nor express a belief that the violent subversion of
this government is a valid and justifiable principle of;
action. A violation of this oath is made a fe'.ony
punishable by imprisonment for not more than fifty
yean;, and works the nullification of naturalization.
A number of people whose Americanism is a thin
veneer assumed for the purpose of getting all tlie
protection of this government while doing its prin
ciples as much harm as possible indulged in the
sneer that the three assassins of our Presidents were
native born. That is true. 4 Booth, Guiteau and
Czolgosz were all Americans" of the second genera
tion. But anarchy is not indigenous. It is an exotic,
imported like many other principles that are de-,
stru:tive of government and inimical to American,
institutions.
One merit of the Jenkins bill is that indeals im-.
partially with the devotees of " an alien principle,
whether native or immigrant. It is not in the ¦Amer
ican nature, as a native. principle, to turn to assassi
nation for the purpose of advancing .any civil pol
icy. Patience is the characteristic of our, people in
seeking any reform. It is fixed in their habit to wait
for the ballot, and to submit loyally when their ideas
are rejected at the polls.
It is not germane to. quote the_C.ivil War as proof;
of "he opposite. .That arose ina dispute over the
intent of the Federal constitution, and high author-'
ity was insisted upon in support ¦ of eath of the -rival
views. It was an issue of constitutional construction,
which the courts could not. settle, and it was appealed.
to arms and fought out, . man "fashion. The. result
settled forever the nature of the Federal constitution,
and gave to every American citizen a personal inter
est in the maintenance of the system which, it estab
lished.
Since that settlement there has grown up a school,
based on a foreign idea, that the system is wrong
and violence against it is justifiable. This school had
its principles voiced by the newspapers, which, in
text and graphically, represented . the President as.
thrDwing a stone to the people when they asked for
bread, and as saying to them, 'The . Trust is king,
anc the king can do no wrong."
This bill, while not interfering with : , the freedom
of speech or of the press, takes Federal judicial cog-;
nizance of the methods of these propagandists, and if
it become a* law they will find it to' their interest ta
cease defamation that leads to violence; •
It is said-Japan has made, a, mo re extensive use of
wireless telegraphy than .any other nation -on the
globe, and it is probable^ we- arc making the least,
bu,t in due time we "will get ahead of them all.
It begins to - look cs if; the ' Panama , people,-, had
succeeded in putting a snag in ill e way of the Nicar
agua canal that will require hard .pulling to -get out
before Congress adjourns , , -. ~... , , v . -', :,?:'«
If :his had been the law prior to the assassination
of President. McKinley several yellow journalists,
whose admiration for violence and murder as a'use
ful influence in k changing the current of history was
frequently expressed, would now be on their way to
prison. • /
The Jenkins bill further provides an addition to the
oath of allegiance taken by naturalized aliens ; that
they will not do any of the things made a felony by
THE bill introduced into the House by Mr.
Jenkins of Wisconsin seems to deal with an
archy in the simplest and most natural form.
It makes an assault vpon the President, Vice Presi
dent, or any one designated by Congress to succeed
to the Presidency, a Federal felony, punishable by
death, whether such assault be fatal or not. The
same penalty is denounced against all who knowingly
aid, abet or advise such assault, such aid being in the
nature of a conspiracy.
To knowingly aid, abet, advise, .cause, or procure
another to advocate the subversion of the govern
ment of the United States by violence, or to avow
the conviction or belief that such subversion is a jus
tifiable principle of action, is made • punishable by
imprisonment at hard labor for not more than fifty
ANARCHY.
QNE of the events. of tho local the
, atrical • world during the coming
week will be the production of. a
new j play at the Alcazar Theater,"
V, "For. the White Rose,'' a roman
tic'drama by Owen Davis. The play has
seen " but .'". one : •week's --performance in
Rochester; N. Y., where Its premiere was
given. - The Rochester, folks seem to have
liked the glay* immensely, and the per
formance was followed by the very prac
tical! expression of approval by the . Lieb
ler ipeople of New York of a,n offer to b^uy.
the play, for tlie purpose of starring young
Biiicicault in 1 the leading role; but the
author had already. decided that the actor
who" had; assumed the part .in" question
about . realized ~\ his conception and the
drama comes here through his interposi
tion; ; The actor, was M. L. Alsop,- now
leading man at the Alcazar, arid iMr. Al
sop • will be seen in the " leading frole of
Larry' Kavanaugh, an attractive young
Irishman, who gets entangled In the plots
of ; the warring; factions' of ', the Wars, of
the Roses, about which the play is writ
ten.-.- .•'.¦•_-.••¦-•. :' '¦ :*'" ¦ -* '¦* '¦ ¦ '¦ '. ' ;
--',There are four- acts in the •drama,",thc
scene England during the Thirty .Years'
War, the characters; with " the exception
of the "KingMaker,',' the "Earl of-War
wick, Imaginary. The settings and cos
tuming of the play offer large opportunity
for picturesqueness, and - the Alcazar
management Is; sparing no effort to make
the romance a success. There are thir
teen- speaking parts- in "-"For a 'White
Rose," that will * be essayed : by the fol
lowing members of the Alcazar company:
Larry Kavanaugh. ............ . . . .11. ; L. AIsop
Earl of Warwick.. •.."..... ...Harry Rattenberry
Sir . Giles Acton Paul Gerson
Hugh Kitel ................... George Osbourne
George Brydgea . . ............... Henry Shumer
Simple..* Peter. . . : .: . . . .".; ....:..;. .Frank Bacon
John of Billings. .'. ... . . .;;..... .Howard Scott
Edmund Ball: .Carlyle Mocre
Rosamond Kent. Marlon Convere
Dorothy ............... ..;.... r..Oi& "Waldrop
JB.net. .Bagge Conklln
Jessica. Margaret "VVycherly
Madge.". i • . .Marie Howe
"An excellent performance of "The
Wife" is. being much enjoyed by patrons
of the house this week.
¦_¦•' . ¦ .¦•;.* .¦•
5 The scenically splendid and well, acted'
production of "King Henry VIH" at the
'Columbia Theater this week Is ' attract-
Jn«r the large houses it deserves. ; Madame
Modjeska, in the part of Queen \ Kath
arine, has" a role that • suits her/ to a
nicety, and' invests the. character with a
nne^statellness and. womanliness that
charm every, one. Louis James as Cardi
nal . Wolsey does , good though not great
work, and Henry is acted with strength
by Norman Hackett.-'iThe production
from " a ' : scenic • standpoint " is . one of , the
most satisfying that has 'been seen here,
settings and , • costumes being conspicu
ously rich and splendid and;, historically
correct. ' " ' ' .
Next week the co-stars will be heard
in repertoire, with "Macbeth',' on Monday
and:. Saturdays nights, "Mary ¦ Stuart'? -; on
-Tuesday night and at the Saturday mati
nee, "The Merchant of ..Venice" on Wed
nesday and Friday nights and '"King
Henry VIII" on Thursday night. .
- \ ';' ¦ ' '. '• • .? ¦'.'• ' ' '
"Whose Baby Are You?" one '¦ of the
funniest of ragtime farces, with Charles
V/: Bowser and May Vokes as the regular
stars and" three wonderful < babies as par
ticular luminaries, is delighting houses at
the California that should be larger, but
could not •be more enthusiastic. rv : Miss
Vokes is very • amusing as a typical
slavey, and Mr. Bowser as. the bewildered
hero of the farce fills all requirements.'--.
•¦:' On 'Sunday ' night Richard Golden : will
appear in "Old Jed Prouty," the favorite
pastoral drama. ¦ ¦•;---." ¦¦¦-
For the , last" week: of her engagement
at the " Grand Opera-house '- Miss Minnie
Seligman has the best and • strongest bill
in which she has been seen here. , It is a
double bill, with W. S. Gilbert's "Comedy
and 'Tragedy.'.' a delightful "one-act • play.
U)ng a favorite with Mary v Anderson, and
a dramatization , of , ."Cavalleria • Rusti
cana," by-A.Carra.no, played by Alexan
der Salvini. . In. both plays Miss Seligman
finds happy opportunities, and in particu
lar: in: the, Gilbert? comedy. ,.
'; Next' week the ¦regular ; stock company
.will -be seen in ."Claire-; and the ForgQ T
master.'.' '.;' r ¦,.•'¦-."• Kv'' i . '¦ ' ¦
• , — .-. , » ¦' •...¦•¦'¦¦.¦
. V'Lost in New York" isTpleasing large
houses at ' the " Cehtral r Theater. >, It ' is a
¦ From that point the argument of the Secretary !
Was \ directed [ against ; the popular prejudice . against
banks. He pointed out that" there is no more danger,
in" leaving; the control ; of currency in the hands of
bankers, than there As in leaving .to railroad compa
nies tlie tontrol v of the number' of cars needed for
transportation." He went on to say: "When a
Western bank now needs more . 'circulation, rhore
cash, it rediscounts its commercial t paper and is,
campelled to' redeem . it at a: given ', date and .' pay a
much higher- rate. Let the banks be permitted to
increase their circulation when needed, to be % retired :
as soon as the demand, for, it ceases, and keep ever -
present the inducement to retire it when not needed,
and elasticity is secured."
In concluding the subject ¦ the Secretary ' said : "I
repeat that currency based on assets contains,' in my
judgment, no element of . • darfger except popular ,
prejudice. /This will vanish as the question is dis
cussed_and explained by those who" make a study of ,
it. L ; The would be in no worse condition
than now. Whenever a, bank fails the assignee finds
its bankable commercial paper; hypothecated. In
other, words, it has increased its circulation by send- ?
ing, its. assets to some other; bank and borrowing
circulation : at a : high rate of interest, and it does this '
even after it ceases to be solvent. It certainly would
be.; no worse to allow a Goverpment issue '¦. after
special- examination." .
In these statements we have the expression of a
conservative' statesman who does hot cross a stream •
until he comes to it. '-The only- objection -of the Sec
retary to asset currency is that of* the danger involved
in arousing a- popular prejudice abased- upon- ignor
ance. .He is convinced, however, that a campaign 'of
education will; remove that prejudice from the minds :
of ; intelligent nien. Fortunately the .; discussion : of.
financial issues- during the last six years has? done
much; to" mstruct the people; concerning r the tnie;
functions, of banks, and the ; old-time -prejudice is
well" nigh removed. The , very "• conservatism of the •
Secretary upon the . subject will '¦ go far toward over-,
coming such prejudice as remains.) It -appears,
therefore, that the appointment of Secretary Shaw to
the Treasury • Department at this juncture is a? most
fortunate one. He will keep iti : : touch',. with i;the peo
ple-and be; one -of the foremost in the campaign] of
education to remove the ' popular prejudice which,
as he says, constitutes the ' only element of danger in
an :¦ elastic •currency based on assets.; '. V
In the course of his address the \ Secretary said : "I
have been ¦ asked to say something '• on"' the subject
of. bank circulation based upon assets?; This is riot
an issue in politics, nor have we any legal; provision;
therefor. T shall therefore riot attempt to defend: it. >
I" am. willing,", however, to go on recordin favorof
an elastic 'and if I believed there was -no
other; way to; secure such L a- currency than by an
asset currency,- then I would.be in favor, of such is
sue."' In' another place he said: V. "I do'. not believe
it necessary to. resort to. asset banking in order to!
provide an elastic currency. I . recognize } a , public
prejudice akin to fear against'a currency based- on
assets/ and prejudice, so; long, as it exists, constitutes"
an element of danger .'even' when the 'thing itself
against which* the prejudice lies con^iins. no element
of danger." . ¦•'^^-'M'-
- When, interviewed at : Des* Moines immediately
after his appointment to 'the Treasury, the; Secretary
.declined to discuss the currency ':.' policy, of his prede
cessor and contented himself with expressing in cor-',
dial 'terms his 'approval of { Gage's administration of
the department. He, however, referred the
viewer to a speech • he had 'made before trie Bankers'
Association in- Nebraska,- in- which he dealt with the:
question in a tentative way, as the fullest' expression ,
he has yet given- to his ..views upon the
Those parts of the speech dealing with the issue have
been irepublished by the Eastern 1 . press and have been;
received . with a good deal iof interest. ; v Whiie. they
do not declare decisively^in favor of an asset cur
rency/they show that the new, Secretary' recognizes
the importance of an elastic .[currency. ; and .will not :
be averse to providing it by the . issue of notes fbasedj
upon the assets of- banks.;-: vjl ., . '^ ; V> ! ? ;. /'
BANKING and: currency.; questions occupy -so*
- much of the attention of the financial and the ;
, -business .world; just 'nowTthat there has been
considerable curiosity to' know; what are the views;
of the new Secretary of;the Treasury" as to the ex
pediency ; of permitting .banks to > issue notes based
upon assets. This ; has now become ' known vas * the -
"asset . currency question," ; and -while • it ; has' not yet ¦
become a party issue it' may! develop into one during
the present session of Congress. :. r.;-^ :
SHAW; ON: * OURRENPX. . ;
THURSDAY. .JANUARY 9.- 1002
JOHN D. SP RECK EL V Proprietor. */:
Itlrtn AU roTErEieitiear Is V^ S. LEAKE. L*tL»T«:. ,' ¦¦'"'.
MAXACKR'S OFFICR. .Telephone I'rem UO4
rt'BLICATIOX OFF < irK...Mnrl£««t find Thlrtl, S. F.
Telephone Preed 201. I
EDITORIAL nnnv? 217<« £21 . Steve««o» St. .
J . * Tclrphonp rrf«» 2O2. '¦ , x
Delivered fc» Oirr7er«. jr. Cet»|« Per Weefc.
Stnele Copicn. 5 Cen««. ,
Term- l»r Mnll. Inolnlttir ro«ta«tei j
T>AlT.T rxlvl- «!r.r:cdlnc Sunday), one year.., ....$«.W
J>ArLr CALt. ''.nclodlne Pa.dayV « 1 mlhs 8.W
HAILT CAT-T. "tncladirs Ftindav). S mentha; 5.50
*>»;t/T **>T.T — Rr ctnpi* Month. '. • .:......- *5c
FtTCPAT CAt.U f»r<e T*«r • •••••• *- M
WEEKLY CAM* One Tear • 1.09
All FO«txnn*trr-> nri« r.».tl»orl*ed to recetre
ftnli«crlptlonM.
Fimptr roplw will *»» .irwarded when reqne«te<S.
• '" Sla'l r-^rcrT*»r« !n Til'rli p. 'tir.r« n* *Mr"* should h*
r-rtinMiir to tire both XKW AND ftM> .ADDRKRS In orfler
to lnmire at prompt «rd crjrwt r^rnnllance with their request.
OA.ICLAXD OFFfCR. 77777777". ....1113 nroadTTJiy
C. CF.OJIGR KROG\T,S«.'
lf«s*r»r rcrtJra ftvtrUiinr. ttinztttt BciWinr. JJW«g».
(Uns Distance T»J»nhew "Central 261*.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDKXT:
C. C. CAHLTOX •_11111111' ' ' * • Hf>rnM nnTt>
XETVT TORK REPRE?!E?rrATrVB:
tTEI'HES n. SMITH SO. Tribune Bnlldlnar
XETV TORK NTAVS STANDS:
Hotel: A. Brcotano, Jl Union Square:
U«.rray Mill MtteJ. •
CniCAGO NEWS STANDS:
rr.*-m*n Hm>«e: P. O. N»«t Cc: Great Northern Hotel:
I "tnont Hoo^e: Auflltcrlnm Hotel.
WASRtVCTOV <Tt. C.\ OFFICK 140.1 G St.. !f. W*.
JIIOIITOX K. CRAXE. Correspondent. - , ,
BRA VCII OFFICES— 527 Montromery. corner of Clay, open
wrtll J:S9 o'clock. r»0 Hayes. cp«n ontll J:30 o'clock. 6H
VcAHIster. oren v.ntJl 8:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
»:SI o'clock. I9n Mlfrton. opm until JO o'clock. 1201 Market.
«-cmer Fixteenth. cpen cctil S o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
until » o'clock. IC« Eleventh, cpen until » o'clock. NW.
renwr Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea until 9 o'clock.
:K0 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
" 'When the ';Siberiaji^railroVd^vas-" :; projected < the
Russian authorities, estimated'the" cost at ¦¦"¦350,000,000
rubles, but up - to this ; datT the expenditures I aye re
ported \ at 780,000,000 rubles and the 'line is not com
plete; yet. As the business. is being conducted;, by. a
despotism,; there Jis nothing to v be said; about ; it,' but
had.it been. in the hands of a; republic there ;w"ould
have been a red hot demand for^ari investigation of
In those days California belonged to Spain, and
has progress of her own to report and. exhibit. We
have a year in which to prepare. As the whole ex
position is to eclipse everything past, our. part of
it must be' the greatest of our undertakings to ac
quaint the world with _our marvels" in resources, and
production. Equipped as we are now With irriga
tion,-nothing, but our own neglect tof the oppor
tunity can stand in the way of putting California in
the center ofthe stage. . . ; " '. ..-'-..
f The State Board of Trade has led, hitherto, in
making these exhibits, and has the experience,
equipment and support which qualify it for the work.
But the matter is of interest to every citizen .and
producer, and each one should feel his responsibility
and do his duty. We cannot afford to decline from
our high standard. This is to be the greatest world's
fair.. Let our share.be done toward securing for it
the highest place in the" history of man's exhibit /of
hjs works. • -. ~ r-i.-'^if*'S-
St. Louis a hundred years ago^was the best known'
town in Louisiana, except New Orleans. It was first
known/as Laclede, the name of its founder. -The
people were French, used horses and two-wheeled
carts, most of their transportation being on pack
animals, and rude boats on. the riven George W.
Applegate of Applegate, Cal., says that when .his
grandfather, . a Kentucky immigrant, crossed the
river at St. Louis the people of that town saw the
first four-wheeled vehicles that were seen west of the
Mississippi. Their curiosity was. so great that they
followed the wagons out of town,, making bets that
the hind wheels would overtake the . . front ¦ wheels,
which seemed natural to them, as the hind wheels
were larger! / " ' > '^ '
All .the advance ma'de since those simple and dis
tant days will be sRown in the great city that' has
grown out of Laclede's blockhouse. ''-••'.
; The vast changes that 'have taken place since that
treaty . was made are brought before the .mind ' by.
Hon. J. Sterling Morton of Nebraska, who notes.;
that January i, 1805, Lewis and Clark, sent- out by
Jefferson to, explore, the northwest territory to '"¦ the
Columbia, were. housed in Fort Mandan, which they
had built for winter quarters; in latitude 47, arid dis
tant' sixteen hundred miles from the^ mouth of the
Missouri. . Mandan is now in North Dakota, near •
Bismarck. The; Dakotas, Minnesota, llowa, Neb-,
raska, Kansas and Arkansas .were then unsettled
territory, controlled by wild tribes. -; The. French fur;
hunters had made some settlements in Missouri,,
which had not yet been erected into a Territory nor.'
received its distinctive name. •''".
The New Year diversions of the explorers are en
tered in Lewis and Clark's journal to this effect: ;
"The^ New Year was welcomed by two shot'from the
swivel and a round of small arms. The weather was
cloudy, but moderate, the mercury ; at sunrise 18
above zero. In the morning we permitted sixteen
men with their music to go up to the first Indian vil
lage, where they delighted the. whole tribe with their'
dances, particularly with the movements of one
Frenchman, who danced on his head. In reftirn'thc
Indians presented the dancers with several buffalo
robes and quantities of corn."
Since the day that Frenchman danced on his head
progress has planted millions of people in the land
that was a wilderness, and its- century of history is
to be celebrated by the greatest exposition ever held
in the world.! With nearly $20,000,000 in hand, ex-
Governor. Francis and the {St.* Louis Exposition
Commission propose to eclipse all that has been and
to set a mark that will probably never; be passed.
THE purchase. of Louisiana is to be celebrated;
next year b.y_an. exposition. at St. Louis. .That
purchase, effected by Jefferson in treaty, with
| Bonaparte, was probably 'the greatest step taken in
ourTnajtiprral history since the Revolution. It secured
to us the control of .the Mississippi River and its
watershed; ; and advanced" our frontier to the mouth
of the Columbia. It is true that this was disputed
and Spain assumed to quitclaim Oregon, but Jef
ferson thought and' acted upon his conviction" that,
the treaty of Paris joined the mouths of the -two
great rivers under our flag.". - ¦" '- ¦
NEW PLAY IN WHICH ALSOP MADE
A HIT TO BE GIVEN AT THE ALCAZAR
Frenchman .whose mathematical calcula
tions are beyond comprehension, is amaz
ing large audiences at, the Orpheum at
every performance. He 'must needs be
seen to be appreciated. Eddie Girard and
Florence Gardner, the "cop and the sou
brette." are immensely amusing; tho
three Wessons present a pleasing musical
act. and Alf Holt gives a unique whist
ling and mimetic- entertainment. Mr. and
Mrs. Gardner Crane in "Am- I Your
Wife?"; Jesaie Dale, the little girl with;
the big voice; Picolo's Liliputian come
dians and gymnasts, Ritter's trained dogs
and the biograph are fine features. .^ ]N ex k
week one of the important engagements
Is that of Kara, "the great," whose Jug
gling act set the town talking three years
Among those contributing to the excel-.
WELL KNOWN ACTOR AND A CLEVER ACTRESS WHO ARE MEM
BERS OF THE COMPANY NOW PRESENTING SOME OF THE
SHAKESPEARIAN DRAMAS ATTHE COLUMBIA THEATER.
The thrilling performance of Miss Ella
Burt, who coasts down - the chutes on a
bicycle,' is chief attraction at the Chutes
and Zoo this week. The usual . amatuer
bill is on to-night.
• • • •
The sale of seats for the second sym
phony concert under the auspic.es of the
San Francisco Symphony Society, to take
place at the Grand Opera-house next Fri
day afternoon at 3:15 o'clock, besan at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Tuesday moraine,
with a large demand. *a§M5<
Jent ..prograntme , at Fischer's ; Concert
house this week are the clever Sorensen
children; Mile. Atlantis, the bewildering
flre and rainbow dancer: Max Steinle.
German comedian: Mons. d'Aulnala, ten
or; Carita, the mystifying girl conjurer;
the Valkyra family of hand balancers;
Joseph Lyons, acrobatic dancer and sing
er, and tlie Paloma Ladies' Quartet. Hln
richs' • orchestra contributes many enjoy
able numbers. ¦ - «
¦ : ••;¦ • • - V ."
Jacques Inaudl, the wonderful little
melodrama of metropolitan life, effective
ly acted and excellently staped. A spe
cial feature of the performance Is the
river scene, in which- a crowd of boys is
Seen In a largo tank ' of real water, and
in which also Miss;Georgie Cooper, who
is an excellent swimmer, performs a
thrilling rescue. Next week another
thriller, 'Under '. the Gaslights," will be
put on. .
-.-/*- .- -¦.•.••
¦ The ; Tivoli - still reports excellent houses
at its holiday entertainment, "Little Red
Riding Hood." Next week wilV however,
see the last of the popular extravaganza,
and* the favorite comic opera "Tho
Ameer" will initiate the light, opera sea
son. Meantime . the Christmas show Is
kept strictly up to date with the latest in
humor and song, . and Hartman and his
confreres are as good fun as ever. Anna
Wilson, the new fairy queen, has a new
song that pleases. - .
are not. always .successful. . : Xhe competitive system. is
still able to ( give a good account of itself in- spite of
the financial genius of the "men who direct the "affairs
of the big combines, and there is no need on that
score for any; one to feel alarm about the future.
In i fact, [ there • is danger that others \ of ;the great cor
porations may. break down] with - disastrous . conse-;
quences, and there is more reason for fear of • harm ¦
being done by their collapse than of theirimonopoliz-,
ing tlie industries' of the "peopled ¦¦-
THIS 'STATE AT ST^ LOUIS.:
THE l rSAN,:;:FKJlKClSQOlciy!LL;: THURSDAY; J^SITJA^RY 9, 1 902i
6
AMUSEMENTS.
¦
Orrhtum- VaodevUle. -
Grand Opera-house — "Cavalleria Rustlcana" ana 'Com-
C«Jifornia— "Whose Baby Are Tour*
Tlvoli — "Little Red Riding Hood."
Ctntral— "Lost in New York."
£l?mW^-^«try f VIIL" '
' Crtites. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischer* ¦— Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vaseo Ball Game. .' •':¦'•."-
Poland Racetrack — Raogm to-dar.
HOW SOCIETY. GIRLS OF j SAN THE THIRD BEST COLLECTION OF
FRANCISCO DEVOTE THEIR TIME STAMPS ; IN THE WOELD -OWNED
TO CHARITY. ' "¦¦¦' IN ''SAN FRANCISCO. 1
THE -BOSS BUCKLEY" OF DENVER. "MAKING A WOMAN ATHLETE"
4 The Story. 1 of .the Most Remarkafelc Written Specially for. The Sunday Call
.Woman'; Politician. . '. by Smdow, the Strong Man. '
-;'_.;'¦' . ¦ '.'¦.."¦ . ¦ x ¦]¦*''
HOW 1 1 GOT ON THE STAGE IN MORE WOLFVE.LE >TOSIES— By
;(CA%IFORNrA^By ; Ma'dame Modjeska. _ ; A'frcd ; Henry • L: wij. >
1 EIGHT PAGES OF COLOR PRINTING THE SUNDAY CALL IS THE LITE*
..THAT 'ARE PLEASING' TO THE RARY . SUNDAY PAPER OF THE
-;, :;-"-•; .;,.' EYE -' . ,,./'-" WEST. ;..:.¦'TO i SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, j Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
; v Times and : Heights • of -r High '« and ' Low
V : Waters - at » Fort ' Point, entrance to -'; Baa
'Francisco Bay;^Published" by. official au
thority of .the Superintendent. ". -
- NOTE — The> high v and » low waters occur • at
the - city front (Mission-street wharf),' about
twenty-five minutes ; later .¦ than ; at ¦ Fort ; Point;
the : height of t Ide 1^ the same a t * bo th places.
v . JCOTE — In i the i above = exposition'- of • tho : " tides
the early morning tides ire gl\-en in the left
liana I column I and < the . successive tides | of . tho
day j in '. the , order j of . occurrence as to time; the
fourth i time ¦ column J kI ves ' the ' last j tide of • the
day,'! except : when there are "> but ¦ three : tides, a*
sometimes occurs. The- heights givtn arc lu
Foreman ; Egan Surrenders Himself.
T. B. Egan, foreman of construction
of the Market-street Railway Company,
surrendered himself yesterday and was
booked at the City Prison on the 'charge
of battery. He Is accused of beating his
divorced wife, Catherine, at her. home,
2315 Bush street.
' PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Jan 8— U S
stmr DIx. from Manila.
' 'EASTERN' PORT. "ij\^'.,
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Jan
7— Stmr Californlan, from Kahulul. ,
J . - MEMORANDUM. •
ADELAIDE — Arrived urlor Tto "Jan .7 — Br
bark Melanope, . Ijence Oct. 23. v - • ,
BRISBANK— Arrived Jan 7— Br stmr MIo
wera, lrom Vancouver. - ...
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 21— Br stmr
Gle'nesk,"- from London. . '¦¦ ¦-. - ¦ .
LONDON — Arrived Jan -7 — Ger bark Khora
«an, from Vancouver. . • . '.
' Sailed ; Dee 10 — Br . stmr * Glenartney, for
Shanghai and Tacoma. ¦ ' ¦
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Jan 7— Br
bark Battle Abbey, from Vancouver; schr
Transit, from - Eureka. Jan 7 — Ship: Hecla.
from Whatcom. ¦•.":-. ¦' • ' • - ••.
COLOMBO — Sailed Dec 10 — Br stmr Labuan,
for Mororan\ and Oregon. '.,.
:SHANGHAI*-In port. Dec 27— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth,' for Oregon; -¦ ¦ • > -
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 8— Ger stmr Hero
dotr- hence Jan 1.' -. ¦" ' -
Steamer: Movements.
; Sailed Jan ¦ 8 — ScbrsFortuna. ¦¦ for San ; Fran
cisco; schr : Mabel: Gray, r for SansDtfego - - -
WMENDOCINO— Sailed. .Jan- 8— Stmr: Point
Arenn'^for^Snn Francisco. •, .;¦,<-, ¦;;-..
. : PORT • LUDLOW— Arrived 'Jan 8— Schr Spo- J
kane." 1 from'San' Francisco. '{ ..--.¦-, . ,
*• PORTLAND — Arrived -Jan 8— Ship Scottish
Minstrel, '¦from . J . .. ...- • -, .. > .
i- 1 ..' Sailed Jan 8-rStmr. Columbia, for San i'Fran
cisco.'*- '¦!".'¦ v- . ¦• .: s . :, ¦ ', • ..-.¦. ¦¦¦-•• :
-•-TACOMA— Sailed > Jan 7— Stmr Robert"Dol
lar. • for.'- San •Francisco." . ' ' -
Oer stmr Denderah. Von Riegen, 04 days
from Hamburg, via San Benito VA days.
Scnr John O North, Seastram, 18 days from
Honolulu; bound for Port Townsend: put in for
repairs.' " ¦ . , • .. • : ..
CLEARED.
. Wednesday, January 8. : .
p^Tft^'ffiii^ssiisra 1 ? and way
huluMCis; S^$ & H SS olu ' lu and < Ka -
Ship Luclle, Seel, Kahulul; S B Peterson. .
¦ Fr ; , . bark Genevieve Mollnos, Lerr.altre
Queenstown; L, Kauftman. Ir:a " r . e v
.SAILED. ..
Wednesday, January 8.
Astoria'.?! 0 w Elder ., Kandall, Portland and
: Stmr San: Jose,- Brown. Panama ' "
; Stmr Alcazar, Martin, — —
: Stmr Acme,- Lundquist, - -
Stmr State of California, , Thomas. San Diego'
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. Eureka r ¦
i Stmr. Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma
hufuT"" ,Hyades, Garllch, Honolulu and Ka^
Stmr Noyo.* Johnson, Fort Bragg
H stmr ,j Hawaiian. Nichols, New" York, via
j Ship Lucile, Seel, Klhel.
! Bark St Katherine,"' Saundeis Hllo '
Q^£.' : : :La ' TOUr d-Auvergne/ Frloux.
V.Schr W H Marston, i Curtis. Honolulu ' ' '
Schr Mary^C, Campbell, Bodega. ' '•
'. '-' .,V'' , .; SPOKEN. . » ¦
No date, lat "47 S,^lon 04 W— Br ship Caw
dor, from Antwerp. ,for. San Francisco ¦ v -
No date. -lat 48 S, Ion 64 W— Br ship Mont
gomeryshire, from Swansea, for' San Fran
cisco. -¦ ; ¦...'• , • --, ..." ,,..•-:
- Dec. 17, lat 0 S, Ion 33 W— Br.ship Criccleth
Castle, from Shields, for San Francisco ,v?
Per Ger stmr Denderah — Jan 1, lat 16 16 K ;
Ion 09 SOW.-* stmr. Leelanaw, hence Deo *V
for Panama.- All, well.; ¦- . . '.
•' ' *~ . . ¦ MEMORANDUM. . -
Per, schr/ John, G North— Dec 23 'lat *>«5 M
N.lon 156 19 W, had a heavy NK 'sale "Car
ried away spankers and i foresail , and causing
vf sse\ to spring >a; leak. _ - ¦ ¦ •
; H TELEGRAPHIC. ! ' f '
POINT LOBOS, Jan .8, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; .wind calm. .'¦ •< .-. ¦ ¦ ......
.: DOMESTIC PORTS.
F.ORT BRAGO-^Satled Jan ¦ 8— Stmr Arctic ¦
for - San-Francisco. - -- r r~ ot ™ r Arctlc -
Arrived Jan 8-Bark Vldetie,
from - Bbt\ Pedro. ¦ . . ¦• , '
_ BALLARD— Sailed Jan 8— Schr Mildred, for
San Pedro.'- '¦ ¦ ' '
, GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Se
quoia, for San ' Francisco. - ¦ . .* °" ;
' Arrived: Jan 7 — Stmr. Coronado." hence JanU
¦J-Sailed JamS— Schr. Alien A? tor HIlo^ ¦' •* *"
Arrived Jan 8— Schr James A<Garfleld hence
Dee 26: schr C S Holmes, hence Dec 27- ' schr
Miiry; Dodjre.t from- San . Pedro: * schr « Oueen '
hence. Dec as. -, : '>•:-¦ - - ;
.' • VENTURA — Arrived'.-. Jan 8— Baire Santa
Paula.- hence Jan 0, and sailed for San Pedro
, COOS/BA Y-Salled - Jan S-Stmr ' Area ta? for
San' Francisco. "' • . • '. ¦< - ¦ ¦ • ¦
••"¦ Arrived Jan.; 8-^Schr, Jennie: Wand, hence'
Jan. '8.' - ¦•-•'.- :'¦' "--•¦ ;¦ "•'¦¦'•'.;.• ¦> < - r -_ ¦ , -.-,
' Sailed 'Jan 8— Schr Una,' for San Dieiro
SNEAHBAY- Passed Un Jan 8— Br «hlp' ICIn
roFg, from ' Kiliel, for : Oyster Harbor " ' ' i
.•TACOMA— Sailed 1^ Jan' 8— Bn shiD : Mareehal
Suchet..* Br ' ship ? Avenger,- and ' Br shin Cam
brian Chieftain. * for • United • Klnedom
, ;PORT, GAMBLE— Sailed Jan i S— Sclir' Okano
gan.Tfor San Francisco. ,--¦
.SEATTLE— Arrived .Jan S— Stmr ~(U 'Chlco.*
ffrm Tcconia;U S stmr Dlx, from Manila
Sailed '¦ Jan S— Stmr Bertha, -for Valdez ' '
> ASTORIA— Arrived £ Jan ,8-^Schr , Roy 'sojn
ers.>- hence » Dec '¦ 25). '¦"/' ' -.- - ; .•»=>.;.¦'. ..' ..
v. Arrlved'Jan8 — Fr,bark Moliere. from Naga
saki; ' Fr bark *. Bossuet.s from • Antwerp -
-.\ EUREKA— Arrived ¦ Jan 3— Stmr - - Pomona "
hence Jan" 7: : stmr Pasadena.'. from San > Pedro
schr J**B' Leeds, whence 'Dec 28.-- . ; • -.." "V
Nothing daunted. Joseph Garabed kept
to his post, and since that time. he has
visited almost every city In the Unll*a
States conducting army services, This ex
subject of a despotic monarch roughed
the. roughest days of the army's career
and now with smiles he meets his fellow
men. only to surprise and win their con
fidence. . ; ¦ . .
they would have muffled our words of
praise to the Lord." ,.
Last.nlght Joseph told his hearers. of
how the people threw. eggs at the:army
members- on the streets*, and cast ; them
in jails. In Portland, Or.', they were ar
rested, but continued playing in the jail
yard. They prayed , and played and a
Judge who was present declared that they
maae more noise with, their band Inside
than outside the prison. Their instru
ments were taken from them and locked
UP. - ; - -;¦• --^ .; . U.» . - . :
Puts Into Port for Repairs.
The schooner. John G. North, eighteen
days from Honolulu, put into port yester
day in a disabled condition. She was
bound tfor Port Townsend. On December
23, however, in latitude 26.01 north and
longitude 156.19 -west, she' encountered- a
heavy northwest sale, which carried away
her spanker, and foresail and so strained
the hull that the seams opened and a se
rious leak imi)erlled the safety of the
craft. 'She will be put on the drydock:and
thoroughly overhauled before continuing
the voyage. : •.^-:''
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Euphrates is chartered prior
to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for Europe,
36s, If Portland Wd more.
The ship Star of France will load, lumber at
Chemalnus for Sydney. 43s 3d, if Melbourne or
Adelaide 50s, prior to arrival.
The scnooner Msry El Foster loads lumber
at LudJow for Honolulu; the schooner J. L.
Eviston. redwood at Eureka for Fremlntle.
CTs 6d. prior to arrival.
The bark Diamond Head will load coal at
Seattle for Lahalna.
Shipment of Canned Goods.
In addition to a large cargo for. Honolulu
AN ARMENIAN SALVATIONIST
COSTUMED -FOR'WORKIN
< ORIENT AND OCCIDENT.
.-!'¦ '¦¦..¦'¦•' -¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . \ -.
-¦ Mr. Smith, the-, president of the company, la
SI years of age. and came from Boston twenty
years ago . with - only a few hundred -' dollars
capital. •
This case Is the first of Its kind in Cali
fornia, but several have been success
fully maintained In Eastern States.
The firm further claims that in settling with
its creditors it was compelled to pay out mora
than 100 cents on the dollar, with tbe expen
ses added and sacrifices made. Nearly $50,000
indebtedness was borrowed money, but not
due.' This was paid in full.
The complaint alleges that on the date,
mentioned the firm had sufficient cash on
hand in . the bank* to pay all the checks
that were payable on that , date, but that
in. spite of that fact the bank refused to
honor checks of the store of the value of
about $3750, and by. such refusal impaired
the credit of the complainant and forced
its creditors to press their demands so
that the firm -was obliged to make an as
signment for the benefit of its creditors.
The firm avers that by the "unreasonable,
willful and malicious act of the. bank as
aforesaid" it has sustained damage to the
extent of $100,000 . in Ios3 of credit and
profits."
. On behalf of Barclay J. Smith, senior
member of the firm, Attorney Schlesinger
has made the following statement public
of what it Will attempt to prove:
At the time of the refusal of the bank to
pay checks the business amounted to $000,000
a year. The firm deposits to the banlc aver
aged about $2000 .a day for several years. It
is claimed that on the 29th day of January,
1900, the firm bad nearly $8000 to ita credit in
bank, as shown by the bank's passbook, and
that checks were drawn en that day amount
ing to about $3750. Af the same time tha
First National Bank held a note of Smiths'
Cash Store, given the day before, for $4000.
: The rote was not due and Smiths' Cash Store
was not asked to pay it. It is claimed- that
without any notice to the store, the First Na
tional Bank deducted from ita deDOsit the
amount of the note and declined to pay a large
number or checks issued by the store to the
i amount of $3750. The indebtedness of the store
at that time amounted to about $100,000. but
only a few thousand dollars of It was due, and
the assets of the concern far exceeded its lia
bilities. Owing. to the action of the bank, the
creditors became clamorous for : their money
and forced Smiths' Cash Store to assign. '
- 1 1 1« claimed that for several months tha
firm j was deprived of the ownership of its
business, during which time the store was In
; the hands of an assignee. The flrm succeeded,
¦ however, within the time, in paying, off . the
entire indebtedness by making large sacri
fices of goods. It is claimed that the concern
always enjoyed an excellent credit, always met
its obligations promptly, and it was solely out
of the action of the bank that financial em-
The firm known as Smith's Cash Store,
through ' its attorneys, | Denson . & ¦ Schles
inger and K. R. Belle w, filed a suit In the
United States District Court yesterday,
against the First National Bank of this
city for $100,000 damages alleged to have
been sustained by the firm, because of the
bank's action In refusing to honor its
checks on January 29, 1800.
'Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N., Mer
: Chants' Exchange. San . Francisco. Cal.;
January 8, 1002.
¦ i The Time Ball on the • tower of tbe Kerry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I • e., at . soon of . the ¦ 120th meridian, or at 8
p m., Greenwich mean time. ~ v
v-!v ¦-. - r ..«¦- vV: W. - H. STANDLEY. .
;-¦;- .Lieutenant U. S. ¦ Navy, in Charge,
Time Ball.
: The- • Max j was' to . have moved to
Green-street . wharf yesterday, but owing
to it being occupied the change of. an
chorage will not be made until to-day.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— ).
tlgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
th« lower low waters. . ..-^VS'fcWSSfcfi^HSteQSiattW
- I am one of the survivors of : the Walla
Walla. I am now in the German Hospital and
have not >spoken to anyone about the disaster.
I have read many criticisms of the captain and
crew for not doing their duty In saving- life. As
a sailor I feel it ray duty to say something in
their behalf. I know that all survivors feel the
loss of their loved ones and their property, but
they. must not allow grievances to cloud their
reason." They should not judge too rashly. • ¦¦:
ft I was not on dsck when the collision occurred,
but soon after the Walla Walla was i struck.
The^ master and officers of the steamer did all
that could be done at that trying moment. They
behaved splendidly and deserve praise and not
criticism for their actions.
The inspectors will try to fix the blame
tfor the disaster. The officers .'and' crew
of the Max claim 'that their lights were
burning "'¦ and that they could see the
Walla Walla fifteen minutes before : the
collision. The lookout on the Walla Walla
claims that he i saw a light, but did not
see the bark until she was on top of the
steamer. Other members of the steamer's
crew claim that the Max .displayed no
lights.. .
.Captain C. F. Swan, one of the : oldest
navigators on this coast, who was on the
Walla Walla at the time of the collision,
speaks In. the highest praise of the offi
cers and crew of the steamer. He is now
a. patient at the ; German Hospital. ",: Ten
hours' exposure on a life'.raft and a dis
located knee prevent him attending the
investigation. ; He prepared the following
statement for The Call and will submit
one to the proper officials in order to stop
unnecessary criticism of Captain Hall and
his officers:
Frederick Henry,' representing the own^
ers of the Max, refused yesterday to ac
cept the, subpenaes Issued by- the inspec
tors for the attendance of the captain and
other officers of the bark at the Investi
gation. The matter was "laid before
United States Marshal Shine; who will
serve the, subpenaes on the parties named
this morning and notify them' that they
will.be punished for contempt of court if
tney refuse to obey the summons.
3 John K. Bulger and O. F. Bolles, United
States. Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers,
will begin. an investigation to-day Into the
collision of the ill-starred steamer Walla
Walla and the . French bark Max. The
officers and crews of both vessels will be
called upon to testify. . ' -
Suit by Smiths' Cash
Store Against First
National.
Conflicting Stories Told
Concerning Light on
the Bafk^Max."
The Kosmos line .steamship Denderah.
Captain von Riegen, arrived yesterday,
ninety-four . days from Hamburg arid
seven and a half days from San Benito.
The voyage was without unusual incident,
except for terrific Etorms in the German
Ocean, " which the steamer weathered
without damage to herself. Captain von
Riegen spoke the steamship Leelanaw on
January 1 in latitude 16.16 north and longi
tude 99.30 west. The Leelanaw was bound
for Panama. The Denderah brought very
few passengers. G. Kroelichcnd family,
from Guatemala, had the ca^in all to
themselves. Kroelich is an American citi
zen, but is now on his wav to Germany,
having disposed. of his. business In the
South American republic. v
Denderah Brings Few Passengers.
. Wednesday, January 8.
- Stmr Geo Loomis, ' Briduett, 33 hours from
.Ventura; up river direct. • ¦.'¦¦_..¦¦
- Stmr Westport, Erickson,- 42 hours from San
Pedro.
¦ Stmr. Noyo. Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. . ¦ , -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. 3780 lbs butter. 8S43 lbs cheese, 7551 lbs 477
pkgs bread, 15 pkgs acid. 67 cs axle grease, 1
crts bicycles, 33 pkgs assaying material, 25
hales bags, 10 ctls barley, 293 cs assorted can
ned goods, 13 cs coal oil. 170 lbB cocoa, 3 tons
coal, 8. pkgs dry goods, 18 pkgs drugs, 2813 Ib3
20 bxs dried fruit, 20 pkgs electrical supplies,
8 bbla flour, 5 cs fuse, 782 pkgs fresh fruit, 568
pkgs groceries and provisions, -407 lbs grease,
f>20 bales hay, 304 pkgs hardware. 13T4 lbs 1 cs
ham. 39.961 ft 40 pes lumber, 340 lbs lard 70
cs liquors. 1158' lbs - millstuffs, 451 pkgs ma
chinery, 87 kegs 11 cb nails, 574 lbs nuts 318
pkgs onions, 182 pkgs paints • and oils, 1153
pkgs potatoes, 834 pkgs paste, 37 bdls paper,
30 flasks quicksilver, 1740 lbs raisins, 12.550
lbs rice, 4070 lbs resin, 200 ctls barley 7 colls
rope. 00 kegs pplkes, 1782 lbs 60 kegs soda,
r.000 lbs sugar. 25 pkgs ship chandlery,- 309
bdls snooks. KW0 lbs' 1 cs seed,' 38 cs canned
Balmon/120 bdls steel and iron, 3U92 lbs sago,
5 rs scales," 5478- lbs spices, 1704; lbs starch,
14S lbs eulphur. 20 cs stationery and ink 2207
lbs tea, 11529 lbs tallow,- 255 cs 72 gals whisky
00 cs 50CS gals wine. 24 pkgs windmill, 21 pkgs
fresh vegetables, 14 reels wire,'-4 colla wira
rope.
The steamer ' Curacao sailed Tuesday for
Mexican ports with a ' general cargo valued at
$4(5,410. The, cargo '.included the following mer
chandise and produce:
The Curacao's Cargo.
Fired with enthusiasm for the cause he
closed his shop and turned his energy
and Oriental fire to the service of the
army. - He. went from town to city, from
hamlet to village preaching religion in the
way of the Salvationists.^ With his sisters
and brothers of the army he was cast into
jail and altogether, as he says, "For the
Lord I suffered 128 days in jails in Oregon
—in the times when they attempted to
prevent our bands on the streets, when
" s • • . ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ - -
the steamer Hawaiian, .which sailed yester
day for New York via^ Honolulu, carried 10,321
cases canned vegetables for New York.
This is no new fad .with' Garabcd. When
firsjt the army came to this cityelghteen
yearsagohe would leave 'his shoe shop
and saunter out to listen to the members
with their drums and their tambourines,
their cornets, and trombones. Ho was
not sow-ell acquainted then with the
English language, but knew enough to
be enthralled with the. words of the
speakers. His father had -been a priest
of the Greek church and 'Joseph no doubt
inherited reverence for religious forms no
matter In what shape they were preached
and observed. . .
conducted the Salvation Army
service last night in the basement of 207
Grant, avenue.
It was a . unique . spectacle that , ' this
Asiatic son in - his bright Oriental, garb
presented as he met In brotherhood with
the Eomber attired Salvationists, j exhort
ing In pure, Inviting. English his atten
tive audience "to strive to lead, righteous
lives. No less unique was*his voice, sing
ing the hymns and the songs of the Sal
vation Army. All joined Joseph,- or, as
he is officially designated by , the 'Salva
tion Army, Adjutant J. Qarabed, in the
moving march strains,. and with no ; less
interest did the assemblage look with
wonder upon this very wonderful ..man,
Christian exhorter, master of the English,
German, Swedish, Dutch, French and
Turkish languages, a proficient cornetist,
a saxophone and clarinet soloist. .
, A TTIRED In the uniform of the
* -/\ Sultan of Turkey, Joseph Gara r
- £=s\ bed, who was known here eight
it. jX een years ago. as VJoe the Turk," V
BOTH CREWS TRY
TO SHIFT BLAME
ASK DAMAGES
OF A CITY BANK
Frank H. Eckenroth, junior member of
the ..firm ; of/ Bach, Meese;,& .Co.,'
liquor- dealers at 321 , Montgomery street;
took rils 'own^ life- last Tuesday night at
his | residence, ¦; 1009 I Mason : street, by as
phyxiating'himself with Illuminating gas.
His body was found at. 5:30. o'clock yes
terday -morning, and by his side was a
note In. his handwriting reading * as; fol
lows:S.:", .'.'; - : . .". ' : • 'J^ ,".'¦ •' .' .,
All'thls comes from trying to pay my Just
and honest debts, but fate seems against me.
This act Is not' caused by gambling, dissipation,
women or tiorseraclng. It Is slmtily bad luck,/
snd 1 those . to I whom . 1 am indebted ! I hope I for ,
tny wife and children's sake. will have a good
word for me.. «• ; >. ; ;. . .>¦ - ' , - .
; P: S.— Make the funeral . servlceB as . simple
and private as possible. ¦ !
Mr.- Bach,* senior member i of 'the firm,
said yesterday that ',he ¦. was not surprised
at ¦ the ¦ suicide of . his partner: ; Eckenrotb !
'entered the office of the firm nearly thirty
years ; ago as office boy. He! displayed bo
much aptitude for the ; business- that he
was "promoted to the position of book- '
keeper, and finally,' upon \ the -retirement
of - Mr. . Meese, became- full • partner. : A
year- or, two ago Mr. Bach says he began
to suspect shortages, but did not suspect
his partner-* ; until recently, when he ;or
dered . an Investigation of- the accounts of
the : flrm; ; y The investigation, 'Bach, claims,
I ehr.wed defalcations andthat the accounts
ha'd been 'falsified. \ ' "~~-- • ' ¦ *•
Eckenroth ; had > been despondent for
sometime past, because of the trouble he
was in, and threatened to do away with
himself. .He leaves a 1 widow. and two chil
dren. ¦• \. '• -/ ¦ - ' . '¦• ,• :¦¦¦•¦-. - ; : . ¦ -; ¦ ; -
¦ Frank H. Eckenroth "Jr., "elder, son of
the; deceased, made the- following state
ment last evening:- ¦
Having seen, a .statement' In - an .evening
paper alleged, to have come from John Bac*,
senior member of the firm of Bach, Meese &
Co., In which it was stated that my father was
short in his accounts and was subject to gam
bling, I have to make an emphatic denial- of
puch charges. •- My father, .as every one/ will
say who i knew him. was -neither a gambler
nor a drinking man, nor given to vice of any
description. He was- devotedly <- fond*, of - hi3
family and never, unless working at night, so
much -as went out for his own pleasure unless
attended by my mother ¦ or. some member, of
the household. He was, as every one knows,
charitable even to a' fault. l No poor man could
approach him without havlng-hls wants grati
fied. The statement which I have referred to
I : cannot, nor can any member of my family
or -personal friends, understand. "My /.father
was an officer of Stanford Parlor, Native Sons,
for many years and recently resigned the treas
urership of that parlor, in which he was held In
highest esteem.y • '. . i ¦;: \ ;
AH hope for the safety of .the schooner
Reliance has been abandoned and it now
seems certain , that the little craft has
fallen victim to one of the sudden dan
gers of the deep. ¦ The Reliance,- a vessel
of about sixty tons, left here forty-nine
days ago for 'Coqullle River and has
neither been seen nor heard, of since. She
should have made the trip In about ten
days or. two weeks at the outside. The
grave fears for her- safety yesterday - re
ceived confirmation in the report made
at Astoria by Captain Bailey of 'the tug
Tatoosh. He reports having, encountered
a few days ago a derelict schooner bot
tom up. This was on the north side of i
the channel and ; near No. 8 buoy. She j
appeared to be about sixty tons, was Cop- j
per painted and had a centerboard, but -.
no keel. All of her. spars were under:
water, except the main mast, which had '
broken off and was held up by the rig- 1
Sing. . This description exactly fits the
missing Reliance, and small hope is now
held out for the safety of Captain Olsen
and his crew of: five men. Captain Bailey
did all in his power to Investigate the
derelict, but the elements interfered. He
lowered a boat and made fast a line.
With the Intention of hauling: the wreck
«n to the sands. The line parted, how
ever, and before It could again be made
fast the wreck had been carried by the
ebb tide into rough water, where a boat
could not reach it. Captain Bailey says
the wreck must : have been floating for
some time, as the mast was badly chafed.
Supposed to Be Wreck-of R-sliance.
Broadway .wharf Is to be replaced be^,
fore it tumbles into the bay. The . Har
bor Commissioners yesterday -awarded
the contract for the new pier to tne Hy.de
Construction Company and work ¦> will be
commenced without aelay. • The contract
cost of this improvement- will be $73,770; ¦
The Commissioners also let' to the,, At
lantic, Gulf and Pacific . Company a con
tract for dredging the channel at Chan
nel street. This work will cost the State
$13,947. A final. payment of $2471 was made
by the board to Robert Wakefield.. This
was the balance. due on the construction
of the new wharf at Union street, now
completed. - • >
Reliance.
Tug Captain Sights What ]
Perhaps Wreck'of the :
bezzUment, but Son De- "
¦iends^Him.
Partner Accuses Him 'of Em-
Frank Eckenroth Kills
Himsel : by Intial- -
ing Gas.
Modern H Structure : to
Replace Old Broad^
way Dock.
AWARD CONTRACT
FOR NEW PIER
TROUBLE ENDS
IN HIS DEATH
THE SAN -FBA^CIS^fCALt, THURSDAY, JA^TTARY 9, Y902.
GIFTED SON OF TURKEY
EXHORTS SALVATIONISTS
Adjutant Jos^hv;G^a]^\^seed^.v;-HisyTH«are«s
& " 1§ "tp^aH?^i^|^tives(K; : '.•¦ = :
7
Bteamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
P»er. !;
i .- . ' ¦
Argo.. ....
M. Dollar..
Santiago...
Eureka. ...
Aberdeen..
Nome City.
San Pedro.
Rival..:..;
Bonlta
Empire ..'.
Zealand la..
strathgyle.
i'uint Arena
City Peking
City Puebla
"Arcata...".
J'onioim '.'.:;
Santa Rosa
Santa Ana.
'¦' ., Jnnnnry 0. " '
Coqullle River, .....
Grays Harbor ! . . . . ; :
Valparaiso • & -Way. .
Humboldt ''.....
Los, Angeles Ports..
San • Diego .........
- January 10.
Humboldt I i . ;V.'. .*.'•".
Willapa Harbor ....
Newport & Way Pt«.
- January 11. I
Coos, Bay ...".......
Tahiti direct.........
China & Japan.'.
Point ; Arena '.-'..". ...'.I
China &i Japan..'. .. |
Puget | Sound Ports;.
- . - January - 12. -
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf "d
HuinbolUt ..........
San Diego & .Way. .;
Seattle: & Taconia...
-' 'Jnnnnry 13.-'
Grays Harbor ..;...';
Astoria ;&: Portland.
• January 14. I
Newport & . Way; . .' .
Humboldt'- ."'.
- ."January 15. -
San. Diego & Way.'.'.
Coquille ; River,' . . .'. .]
• January ¦ 10.""
Portland | & AV'ay I Pts
IPug et I Sound ». Ports .".
Sydney . & , Way Pts . .
Seattle & N.' What/.
Hamburg & Way; : .
4pm|
|ll P m |
9 am]
5 pm|
2 pm
i '¦¦¦¦.•
4 pm
,6 pm
! 0 am
5 pm
12 • m
|12'»
i 2 pmi
1 pm|
11 am,
[lOam
l:3upi
9 am
10 am
|Pier 2
iPier -2
IPier 10
Plerl.J
Pier, 2
I Pier a
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
i ¦,¦-¦,.
iPier 13
Pier 7
IPier 27
PMSS
IPier 9
I Pier 13
i fine a
iPterll
I Pier 2
Sequoia.'.. .
Columbia.*.
5 pm
11 am
. i
IPier 2
IPier 24
!¦¦ ¦. .
Coos Bay.;
North Fork
9 am
8 amj
- . - i
IPierll 1
IPier 2
i ¦ -. .
State Cal..
Mandalay.
.-¦'' ":¦ - 1 ¦ ¦.:
'Alliance. .".
Queen.;: r.
; Ventura..".'
Rainier.'. .'.
Herodot.:.
;9 am
S pm
IPierll
l P1 « r 2 .
ii'ani
10 am
5 pm
Pier 16
Pler;0
Pier 7
Pier. 2
Pier —
......
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
'arallon .... 1 Skagway & > Way Ports. Jan . : 10
:ity Seattle j-;Skasway&. Way' Ports. Jan.; 11
lottage City.' Skagway &-Way; Ports. Jan. 15
:. Thompson. Cooks Inlet &.Way Pts. Jan. 15
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Aberdeen.... Eureka ................
Strathgyle... Portland
Tltanla. . ... • Nanaimo
Chat. Nelson: Redondo ..... . . ........
Asuncion..... Tacoma ....'
Pt. Arena:... Point Arena ...........
Santa Ana..: Seattle *> Tacoma .....
hunta Ko*ai . Sftn Diego & Way Pts.
Washtenaw.. Taconia; ...:'..¦... ...V.. I
Area t a Coos Bay & Port Orford
Crescent City. Crescent City ..........
Empire. . : . . . Coos Bay
tequola. . . ... Grays. Harbor
Pomona...*... Humboldt
Columbia.'. . . Portland & Astoria. . . .
Gaelic ....... China ¦ & Japan .........
Progreeo..... Seattle
Mlneola Nanaimo
North Fork . . Humboldt ......... .V.*.
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports.;
Rainier...... Seattle &--N." Whatcom.
Mandalay . . .". Coqullle • River -: .... . . .
State of Cal.-'. San Diego & Way Ports
Eureka. .....' Humboldt .............
Pleiades. . . . .' Oyster Harbor. . . .".. . . .'.
Herodot . ..... Seattle: '...;...:
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma .....
Alliance...:: Portland & -Way .Ports.
Argyll. ...:.'. New -York via Panama.
J.S.Klmball Seattle* Tacoma ....r.
G..W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria ....
Bonlta....... Newport & -Way Ports.
Umatlllft..'.".. Pu get Sound Ports......
Newburg..... Grays HarDor .... ..;¦..
H. K. Maru.. China' & 'Japan.:...'.:..
Lakme Portland- & Astoria;.;.
Czarina ...".. I Seattle , & . Tacoma
Jan. l 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 0
Jan. 9
Jan. <J
Jan . : a
Jan. a
J&n. U
Jan. u
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. lo
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 11
iJan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan.. 12
Jan. 12
Jan: 12
Jan. 12
Jan." 1*2
Jan. 13
Jan. la
Jan. :i:t
Jan. 14
Jan. 1-t
Jan.' 15
Jan.: 15
Jan."' 17
Jan. 17
Jan: -18
Jan. 18
THURSDAY.. JANUARY 9.
iui
, rises.'.."; ; '.'. '. . .'t.t :..'." .. .'. .... ..;..... .-.7:26
. sets -;.-.-. :.'. : . . . .... .. . r.v: : ...;.;... . .s : o8
in sets: (new) ....'..::. r.~. 7. ;.;. -.0:00 p. ~ m
9
LO
I
Time * -. Time
HJW .-';;,; L^W
ZaI 4:30
0:50 4.7 ! 6:10
1:24 .5:52
; l:50 ;.4.7 0:40
2:25 t7:32
; U:00 "4.9 W:31
3:37 '..RO »:41
4:15 1 5.1 10:45
'¦¦"•¦. (Time
Ft.,
. ;|H.w
3.i 10:28
¦8.1 U:03
¦ i'.i.O 11:45
.2.0 12:28
2.8 1:16
¦"2.8 .2:14
f 2.2 3:2(1
M1.0 4:00j
ITlmel '.¦¦•
Ft-7 VFt.Y:
i ; L. .AV|,^«--
V5.4 5:S0— 0.3
5.a 6:05—0.2
5.2 6:40 0.0
¦14.9 '7:14 ;0.3
;^4.C 7:51 0.7
T4.2 8:34 ,1.2
-fiS.O 0:23 1.7
i3.7|10:15 2.2
14
i5-
LC!
Bteamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
P»er. !;
i .- . ' ¦
Argo.. ....
M. Dollar..
Santiago...
Eureka. ...
Aberdeen..
Nome City.
San Pedro.
Rival..:..;
Bonlta
Empire ..'.
Zealand la..
strathgyle.
i'uint Arena
City Peking
City Puebla
"Arcata...".
J'onioim '.'.:;
Santa Rosa
Santa Ana.
'¦' ., Jnnnnry 0. " '
Coqullle River, .....
Grays Harbor ! . . . . ; :
Valparaiso • & -Way. .
Humboldt ''.....
Los, Angeles Ports..
San • Diego .........
- January 10.
Humboldt I i . ;V.'. .*.'•".
Willapa Harbor ....
Newport & Way Pt«.
- January 11. I
Coos, Bay ...".......
Tahiti direct.........
China & Japan.'.
Point ; Arena '.-'..". ...'.I
China &i Japan..'. .. |
Puget | Sound Ports;.
- . - January - 12. -
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf "d
HuinbolUt ..........
San Diego & .Way. .;
Seattle: & Taconia...
-' 'Jnnnnry 13.-'
Grays Harbor ..;...';
Astoria ;&: Portland.
• January 14. I
Newport & . Way; . .' .
Humboldt'- ."'.
- ."January 15. -
San. Diego & Way.'.'.
Coquille ; River,' . . .'. .]
• January ¦ 10.""
Portland | & AV'ay I Pts
IPug et I Sound ». Ports .".
Sydney . & , Way Pts . .
Seattle & N.' What/.
Hamburg & Way; : .
4pm|
|ll P m |
9 am]
5 pm|
2 pm
i '¦¦¦¦.•
4 pm
,6 pm
! 0 am
5 pm
12 • m
|12'»
i 2 pmi
1 pm|
11 am,
[lOam
l:3upi
9 am
10 am
|Pier 2
iPier -2
IPier 10
Plerl.J
Pier, 2
I Pier a
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
i ¦,¦-¦,.
iPier 13
Pier 7
IPier 27
PMSS
IPier 9
I Pier 13
i fine a
iPterll
I Pier 2
Sequoia.'.. .
Columbia.*.
5 pm
11 am
. i
IPier 2
IPier 24
!¦¦ ¦. .
Coos Bay.;
North Fork
9 am
8 amj
- . - i
IPierll 1
IPier 2
i ¦ -. .
State Cal..
Mandalay.
.-¦'' ":¦ - 1 ¦ ¦.:
'Alliance. .".
Queen.;: r.
; Ventura..".'
Rainier.'. .'.
Herodot.:.
;9 am
S pm
IPierll
l P1 « r 2 .
ii'ani
10 am
5 pm
Pier 16
Pler;0
Pier 7
Pier. 2
Pier —
......
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
'arallon .... 1 Skagway & > Way Ports. Jan . : 10
:ity Seattle j-;Skasway&. Way' Ports. Jan.; 11
lottage City.' Skagway &-Way; Ports. Jan. 15
:. Thompson. Cooks Inlet &.Way Pts. Jan. 15
THURSDAY.. JANUARY 9.
iui
, rises.'.."; ; '.'. '. . .'t.t :..'." .. .'. .... ..;..... .-.7:26
. sets -;.-.-. :.'. : . . . .... .. . r.v: : ...;.;... . .s : o8
in sets: (new) ....'..::. r.~. 7. ;.;. -.0:00 p. ~ m
9
LO
I
Time * -. Time
HJW .-';;,; L^W
ZaI 4:30
0:50 4.7 ! 6:10
1:24 .5:52
; l:50 ;.4.7 0:40
2:25 t7:32
; U:00 "4.9 W:31
3:37 '..RO »:41
4:15 1 5.1 10:45
'¦¦"•¦. (Time
Ft.,
. ;|H.w
3.i 10:28
¦8.1 U:03
¦ i'.i.O 11:45
.2.0 12:28
2.8 1:16
¦"2.8 .2:14
f 2.2 3:2(1
M1.0 4:00j
ITlmel '.¦¦•
Ft-7 VFt.Y:
i ; L. .AV|,^«--
V5.4 5:S0— 0.3
5.a 6:05—0.2
5.2 6:40 0.0
¦14.9 '7:14 ;0.3
;^4.C 7:51 0.7
T4.2 8:34 ,1.2
-fiS.O 0:23 1.7
i3.7|10:15 2.2
14
i5-
LC!
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Aberdeen.... Eureka ................
Strathgyle... Portland
Tltanla. . ... • Nanaimo
Chat. Nelson: Redondo ..... . . ........
Asuncion..... Tacoma ....'
Pt. Arena:... Point Arena ...........
Santa Ana..: Seattle *> Tacoma .....
hunta Ko*ai . Sftn Diego & Way Pts.
Washtenaw.. Taconia; ...:'..¦... ...V.. I
Area t a Coos Bay & Port Orford
Crescent City. Crescent City ..........
Empire. . : . . . Coos Bay
tequola. . . ... Grays. Harbor
Pomona...*... Humboldt
Columbia.'. . . Portland & Astoria. . . .
Gaelic ....... China ¦ & Japan .........
Progreeo..... Seattle
Mlneola Nanaimo
North Fork . . Humboldt ......... .V.*.
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports.;
Rainier...... Seattle &--N." Whatcom.
Mandalay . . .". Coqullle • River -: .... . . .
State of Cal.-'. San Diego & Way Ports
Eureka. .....' Humboldt .............
Pleiades. . . . .' Oyster Harbor. . . .".. . . .'.
Herodot . ..... Seattle: '...;...:
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma .....
Alliance...:: Portland & -Way .Ports.
Argyll. ...:.'. New -York via Panama.
J.S.Klmball Seattle* Tacoma ....r.
G..W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria ....
Bonlta....... Newport & -Way Ports.
Umatlllft..'.".. Pu get Sound Ports......
Newburg..... Grays HarDor .... ..;¦..
H. K. Maru.. China' & 'Japan.:...'.:..
Lakme Portland- & Astoria;.;.
Czarina ...".. I Seattle , & . Tacoma
Jan. l 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 0
Jan. 9
Jan. <J
Jan . : a
Jan. a
J&n. U
Jan. u
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. lo
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 11
iJan. 11
Jan. 11
Jan.. 12
Jan. 12
Jan: 12
Jan. 12
Jan." 1*2
Jan. 13
Jan. la
Jan. :i:t
Jan. 14
Jan. 1-t
Jan.' 15
Jan.: 15
Jan."' 17
Jan. 17
Jan: -18
Jan. 18
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE PURE \^J
GRAIN GOFFEE T"^
Do you know that three-quarters
of all the world's headaches are the
result of using tea and coffee ?
S.o physicians say.
Quit them and the ' headaches
quit.
Grain-O has the coffee taste but
no headaches.
Allrrocers: 15c. and 25c
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
u^o> bkoadwaV. n. y.
: AMUSEMENTS^
CHUTES^and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
:ELLA^BURt.
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A 'BICYCLE.
SPECIAL^TO-NIGHTI
The Amateurs,
And a FAT LADIES' SKATING MATCB.
Telephone for Seats Park". 23.?
RAGING
™l^jj^« tl"" ™"5/* C very VVeek Day —
Rain or Shins.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKBYCLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. .
Itaces etart at 2:10 p. m.' sharp.- - '
Farry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30; 2, 2:30 and o p. m., connecting
with, trains stopping at the entrance to . tlM
track. Last two . cars ¦ on 5 train < reserved - for
tadies and their escorts; no stntklng. - liuy your |
ferry -tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric care at Seventh and Broadway. 1 - Oak-
land. Also, all trains via Alameda mole' con-
nect with , . San Pablo avenue cars .- at « Four-'
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. • These electric
cars eo direct- to the track in fifteen minutes.'
- Returning— Trains leave • the track .at 4: IS
and 4:1j p.m. and Immediately after the last
race. • .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
, CHAS. F. PUICE, Secy, and Mgr. :
AMT7SEMENTS.
COLUMBIA £SS
Every .Night Th!* Week (Except Sunday).
MATIXEE SATCRDAT.
MODJESKA
and JAMES
And an Incomparable Company la
"HENRY VIII."
Nert Week — Modjeska & James la repertoire,
Monday and -Saturday nlghte.. ... .MACBETH
Tum. Nirht & 6fit. Matinee.. MARY STUAKT
Wed. & FH...THE MERCHANT OF VENICE
Thursday Niicht HENRY VIII
SEATS NOW SELLING.
COLDMBIAJTDEATER.
TUESDAY AND FRIDAY AFTERNOON.
S January -$ and 31, ,
JOSEF HOFMANN
PIANO RECITALS.
Reserved seats 60c to $2. -
Management HENRY . WOLFSOHN.
NEW BILL FOR NEW YEAR!
Jacques Iaa.-u.di, drard and Gardxier,
The Three Westons, Alf Holt, Mr.
and Mrs. Gardner Crane, and tho
Biograph. Last time of Jessie
Dele, Picolo's Lilliputians and
Bitter's Trained Dogs. - .-- -V. j
Reeerved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c
KVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! ". / -1 '- '
MATINEE ' SATCRDAT AT 2 SHARK- j
"rrs THE FUNNIEST EVER."
Little Red
Riding Hood
"BRING THE CHILDREN TO SEE HER."
COMING— "THE AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c .
Telephone — Bush 9.
flVM BAT R £?* >
TUT EVERY EVENING
UL THIS WEEK.
| ||! Curtain Rises 8:15.
¦" ,"¦ I II L. . . Superb Production of Be-'
. /^»' iasco and De" Mille's v
IBM m ¦¦ Great Masterpiece.
Ill Magnificent Costumes!
B | . Gorgeous Scenery!
B H I « Trices— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c
I If I ¦ ¦ and 75c.
C ¦ 2 1 1 Matinees Saturday and
U H Sunday. .
U it | _ Next Week — The New
Romantic Drama, ' .
"FOR THE WHITE
. ROSE."
BELASCO *~» THAIJCBj^^
** *^ &nsst csnriuux
Thorough'.y Heated With Steam.
TO-NlbHT. 9 TAC^-?
All This Week. I 1 I
Matinees Saturday I .1 Si I
and Sundar. MJ\J hj i .
Tbe Fascina:.in?
Melodrama. HUT TiTrMIT
Realistic Wster I A\ BJ \\f
Scene, etc. II W V W
The Big Prod action fill llL/IT
of the Seascn.
PRICES: *T/\f\jrT
rvrn ings. -10c to f.Oc 1/ & I If P/
Matin's. .10c, i:»c. 25c I I I ll tft
— a. V/llik)
Next Week— "Un-
der the Gaslight." O Q
MATINEES SATURDAY ANDSUKDAT
FAREWELL NIGHTS OF
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Grand Double Bill of
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
A. Carrano's Dramatization of Alexander Sal-
vinf e Greatest Success, and
"COMEDY AMD TRAGtDY."
Mary Andersen's Favorite Play, by W. S.
Gilbert.
Topular Prlci*s— 10c, 15c, 25c. BOc, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats, AH Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— "CLAIRE AND THE FORGE-
MASTER."
TO-NIGnT AND THIS WEEK ONLY
CUatlnee Saturday)
Mr. Myron B. Rice Presents the Effervescent
Ecstasy.
WHOSE BABYl
ARE YOU?
WITH
MAT VOKES CHAR. W. BOWSER
And a Strong Company.
NEXT SUNDAY.
RICHARD GOLDEN
— IN—
••OLD JED F»ROUTY."
¦ \,'.f. SEATS READY. ~^C l Ki
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
_J ADMISSION 25c AND COc '
FISCHERS CONCERT HOUSE
i lOV/Il^n a Admission I0cv
The Sorens^ns; Max Stelnle: Mons. D*Aul-
r:ais : MUe. Atlantis; Carita; Paloma Quartet;
i.a!kyra Family; Joseph Lyons, and Hlnrlchu"
Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sun-
day.
PALACE and
' GRAND HOTELS.
On one side or these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re- :
tall stores, club*, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the- »
vaters. Street cars to all parts of
\the dty— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the,entrance/|S3BttEHMBttflB *
American and European plans.
ADv taiTISjiiirENTS.
. - • - ¦ ¦ ___j___ _^____^_^.*- •
;• A \raiTE;PATH.
EpcgS|HERE is only one kind of Cleanliness, but
there arc many kinds of soap. There is ¦
only -one destination, but there are many ?
tiiEU paths that lead to it. H you want the short-
est and safest road to Qeanliness, it is paved with -
* Ivory Soap., Neither man nor clothes ever get
beyond the cleansing power of Ivory Soap. Its rich,
; creamy lather extracts every particle of dirt ; but
it stops at the dirt ! Ivory Soap— it floats.
. C0»V«MHT IMi tV THf PMCT1R * OAMMJI CO. ewaNIUTI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fipsft TVSal
From Geo.' C. Geick? Owens Mill," iio'.: {'Some
time : ago : I ; bought; a package i of i Pyram id \ Pile
Cure for. my j wife who haA \ suffered .very' muchA
.The first trial did her more good" than anything"
. ehe . has ever, tried. : It * is f Just' what : is ; claimed
for; it ' for :lt ' cured '-, her : completely." ; J For. sale
by ; all druggists. £ Little book '.'Piles,; Cause and :
Cure" . mailed free. T: Pj'ramld^ Drug Co.', 1 '-: Mar-"
fchall. ,Mlch.' .. :;-, . - *
VACUUM APPLIANCE
FOR WEAK MEN.
A New Method for Curing the Weaknesses .\ and Dis-
eaises of Men—No Stomach Drugging.
', If i you' are .tired, of : experimenting:, ;apply. to us at once.
.Our, new Vacuum Treatment la nature's remedy/ and is a guaranteed cure
for- LostTVltality.yarlcocele, Nervous Debility. "Weaknesses, Spermator- ,
r <rh6ea;; Stricture," Inflammation Tof and Enlarged Prostate Glands, Prematur-
~;lty, Lack :bf Nerve Force i ? and .Vitality and Kindred Disorders.
Cures .--when" all : else : fails. For 'the /purpose of advertising our ; New <
" ; Method . • -we \ are . going - : to * give . away,,: absolutely free, • one o£ . our Vacuum
"'Appliances t to. each sufferer who. applies to' us at once." Call or write at once,
• for the offer will be held open for a' short \ time only.'
| ;> A ; few minutes*. trial of our. Vacuum Appliance will', prove to you Its
ibeneficiaJ effects. A week's use -will;, restore you 'to. perfect health.. and
; v. .,:'... ¦ ' ".-..• '. _;...... . _...;,• N
CURES INFLAMMATION OF PROSTATE GLAND IN FIVE DAYS. \
j. Cures \Varlcocele. in - seven : days. Revivifies, brings new life. Try the
treatment; known to /'medical science — our new and wonderful
...Vacuum .Treatment., ." " V : * ' . - . .. ~. * I
1 , This is not "a; free : trial ; or deposit \ proposition— 'we mean absolutely .what '
say. The Vacuum Appliance. w!H be sent "free of charge. Call or address > >
fffi^MPEWAL yACO-APPIJLAiNCE C^ v |
: Dept. 28-^NoI 40 Ellis Street'. . ..... . . . .San. Francisco, Cal.HOTEL ARRIVALS,
NEW, WESTE11N ? HOTEL.
M-.T- Barnoit.-* w .' & c.
Auburn ¦¦'.-•¦¦•>:'.*
N Johnson;, Manila
J B Road3 & w. Ohio
\V- England. .Los *Ang"
G '¦ Monroe. :> Sacramento
I * K "Wtllianisi ¦ Ariz ¦
"W O Cox. ¦ Nome
S;K. Steward.\Ind r "
G S Ames.- Nebr
P C Klepplnger; Nebr
Mis3 C E Dresser.Masa
N-Blzay, Manland -
TW, Fresh; Pt Rlchra
C H Cornelius," Fresno
At Ambrose, Fresno -
Mrs Sereum.' Sydney
G P r>e WoK, Boston"
F E Majonnier, : WaaU
'¦ "" CHICAGO. ; Jan. '- 8.— Trade ' in ' the", whekt * pit
was heavy and erratic.*.^ Conditions were largely
local, but ; a nervous • f eeling^was ' on
the indifferent cable list. v'For-some tlnie Liver- 1
pool ¦¦ has ! acted | contrarily . and I seemed I to ' dlsre^
gard the action of .this '. market. '.'One day when
prices ; are | up | Liverpool i will I decline." v To-day,,
when i every • one \ was" expecting S a * slump* In
'cables a3 the | result -qfi: yesterday's. depression
here,* the Liverpoor torJe was very steady.'iThis
brought; a strong: opening -with; May}
:TheAwinter- wheat
belt was reported etlll devoid of moisture;"'prac
, tically i no !} rain L* or ; : snow " having *. fallen i since
the i crop 'was \ sown ; In : , the <¦ fait, if This i tvas : an
other ; bull> incentive and ; May/ jumped 1 to ' 84%c.' !
i At once, 1 ! ho we ver/i there : was ' a" lack ' of 'Support
to « the « market; f selling , began ; arttt i with > It r a
quick decline to" 83 %c.-> Traders expressed their
opinion i that t the ? /requent''.' rises ¦ and-t setbacks
i the ; pit -has "had* around* 84c fin the; last "few
days '; indicated . a " ."worked" «• market j by 5 some
etrtmg I influences, f among which r was I mentioned.
_•* A movement ' has ; been started by the
Rev. George . "W. Beatty to take a census
of all people In San Francisco* who at
tend Sunday schools or othen similar ser
vices. Prominent members of all the lo
cal religious organizations' have taken up
the: work, in their respective denomina
tions and'the results will be, made known
as soon as the statistics can.be compiled.
To Take Sunday-School , Census.
NEW TORK, Jan. 8.— The stock market
yielded this morning to the sympathetic Influ
ence " of ' the s acute weakness in the United
fctat.<-s ' Steel stocks and fell generally from
1 to 2 points below last nlghfs level for, the
principal stocks. After the speculative liquida
tion «n"tl»e United States Steel issues- had
spent Ue force there was an effective . rally In
the s market, led by ,' Union Pacific and the
whole of the transcontinental group. ¦ The
driving to cover of the considerable short ac
count which was -put out yesterdav. and this
morning ,in the downward course . of prices
helped or. the recovery of the latter part of
the day. The closing was very .active and
strong. «1th ¦ prices aggressively : on - the , up
grad^ Tbe «steel stocks closed - at net lossee
of *i for. the common and preferred.' The
extreme declines were 2% (or the preferred and
1% for.UI; commoa: Considering the fact that
rumors recently : in circulation had' placed the
n»-t earniiws of the United , States -Steel \ Cor
poration jk>r. the: quarter, at as high- as.$38.
©OO.OfiO and that other rumors "had - alleged
evemge tnontbly^ earnings -, of ' $12,000,000 the
Wiual ng-ues fcr-tbe quarter. 129,751.615, were
New YorU Stock. Market.
: Chicago 'Grain Market:-
;. Reuter i and Anderson i-- were "charged
with .: having sworn falsely as witnesses
for- an i alien becoming naturalized^ '
When C. Reuter and D. A. Anderson
appeared for .examination . yesterday
morning before .United States Court Com
missioner Heacock on the charge of pei;
jury- the United, States Attorney said that
he * had : not , been able . to • obtain sufflcien t
evidence on which to prosecute. He
therefore - moved *that the cases be ' dis
missed and it : was so ordcTed.'WMHH
Heuter aiid Anderson Discharged.
NEW. YORK; Jan. 8.— A slight improvement
In , local circles for pig .. tin ., was , the -, result : of
an advance of £2 5s in London prices for, tin."
Thus . the; closing - ; prices' here' were '\ $22 50 ; bid
nnd ?2.'? asked,' which'is 25 points better,! on' tne
bid -price, c London, prices closed -with .spot 'at
£102* 15s and futures at r £100, j but business
abroad was checked; by the advance. The locaj
copper^- market , was quiet, '; with '; prices "un
changed 'but -more or less <, nominal,': with .lake
quoted : et ¦ 12%c •* for spot, 'electrolytic , at ¦ 12c
and ; casting: at : : UVtC. ; London * copper ;~ was
about, unchanged.- with, spot * at 10s ~ and
futures at £47. 17s 6d. ' Lead. was dull'and'un
changed here: at $4 and London 'was unchanged
at £10-10s. vSnelter , was .-firmer (here 'at- yes
terday's advance and spot, was quoted at $4',40.
At London spelter, was unchanged " at ' £ 16 ; 10s."
Iron was quiet and unchanged^here. ! • European
markets '.were: a'trifle higher,* Glasgow: closing
at 49s 3d and'-Middlesboro.at 43s 9d. 'Pig.iron
warrants here," $11@12; No.- 1' northern' foundry;
$15 50@16; No.^2 northern' foundry, <$15@15 50;'
No.' 1 ; southern .foundry. ''•* $15 50@16; i No; 1
southern foundry,' soft,- $15@1 7. : . < • - /
New York Metal Market
United States Marshal Shine received a
telegram yesterday '-. from . United States
District Attorney Joseph K. Wood of
Nome, Alaska, dated at Seattle, announc
ing that . Wood -will start • for San Fran
cisco on the first steamer leaving Seattle
to -'.serve a four months' sentence of im
prisonment in the Alameda County Jail
for contempt of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals. With credits for good
behavior, and there Is no doubt that ¦ he
will be an exemplary prisoner, . Wood's
sentence will < be shortened to three
months and t«n days.
"Wood Is Flying to Jail.
Temperature 7 a. m. — «5.
V. ; EATHE:R"cONDITioNS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over tly northwestern
portion o'. the ' country. Otherwise there , has
been but little change. Tule I fog prevails
In the great valleys. .High southerly winds are
reported «t Portland and rain has fallen gen
erally over Washington and Northern Oregon.
Forecast ma.de at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 9, 1902: " .
Northern California — Cloudy, and unsettled
weather "harsday.not eo cold; light southeast
nvinds.
Southern California — Cloudy, and. unsealed
•weather Thursday; light > northeast winds,
changing to southerly.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; light northerly
winds." . ¦' . ; .. ¦•.t:..
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy arid 'un
settled -weather Thursday; ¦ with fog « In '-the
morning; not bo cold; light northerly winds,
changing to southerly. i
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,'*
Forecast Official. .
'-The only change worthy of note on the Bond
Exchange • was . an advance ; In. ¦¦ Market ' Street
Railroad [ tp $02. ' Business . was quiet. There
'.was nothing new in. the oil stocks. _*
V The Nevada ¦ National Bank will pay a semi
annual dividend "on: the 15th at the' rate "of 7
per cent per. annum.. • ' ;:.
•_ The : Contra ' Costa Water. Company haa de
clared a", dividend of 42c per share, payable on
the 15th inst. ¦:-, " , ;. .
• The Port Costa Water , Company will pay a
dividend of 30c per share on the 15th Inst.i— *. "'.
. .The California Street Cable Company ' paid a
dividend of 50c per share yesterday. • -„
. The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend jjf 2uc per share on ' the 15th . Inst. " •
The last monthly report ' from s the * Alaska
Mexican -. mine for December ' 15 . shows ' 20,494
tons ore i crushed, , valued at $23,775, and . 530,
tons sulphurets. valued .at $23,164. - Total re
ceipts for month, $47,204 and expenses $31,275;:
Ore 'averaged $i 31 per; ton.' The, large quan
tity of sulphurets _ls due -to the cleaning of the
bin containing the same, which. showed an ex
cess of/150 tons above the estimates previously
made. • . ' ¦• • ' ¦¦
STOCK , AND BOND EXCHANGE.
;.'¦ ; WEDNESDAY, Jan; 8-^-2:30 p. m.
' . . UNITED STATES BONDS.
¦ .:<i\V' £ Bid.Ask. ;. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.HH4112% 4s qr c (new)139H140
;4s quar reg. '.111^411214 3s quar coup.l08?4 —
• .-.'MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. •
Bay.CPC,5s.lO8^ — : Oceanic "5s. .100 —
Cal-st 5s.'.:.:il6Vi — Ombus C 6s. 130% —
C CiWat 5s. — '--%— •" Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
¦Ed;L&P6s.\ . — ' Pk&C H 6s. — 112
Fer&C H 6s. 120 '-— Pk&O-R 6s. — 120
Geary-st 5a.. — .100 Pwl-st R 6s;.118%120 ,
H-C&S 5%s.:-^-. Sac EGR 5s. 95^ 95%
' ,Do 5s...... — ' ICOVi SF &SJV5j».I21%* —
L AngR 5s. 119 , • Sierra Cal 6s — »: — '¦'
LA Light 6s. — ' ¦.— ¦ ¦ S P of Ar 6» • i ...
r ; Dogtd6s.:— — . "."(1909) .'.... lllUlUK •
1 Doigtd 5s. 103*i — (1910) ...U12 U — ,
Ii A'& P 5s. 99 .""— ¦ SPof.Cal6a . ¦
; Do lem 53.101-103 (1905)Sr"A. — 108% ;
Mkt-stC 63.125- (1905)Sr B.lO8TilO9«2
...Dolcm 5s.l21-122% (1B0C) -.. ..in mS
N. R Cal 6s . .109^ — (1912) : . :". : _ ' 12 i ™.
¦¦ Do 5s. ..: ..121% -^ S:P Cal "1st - '
iN Pac C 5s.lO4%ilO5Vi w- c: gntd ?5s.llO —
NiCalfR 5s.1125<i113% S P BrCal6s.l36%,— >
! Oak Gas 5s. .11.1% — > S-VWat 6s.112m_;"
Oak Trns 6s. 121 122 i : "Do 4s. .:.¦.: 102%'" "
'-Do 1st c5s.(— -. 110 ' V Do:4«3dm.l01V t 1014i'
Oak W G 5s. — 103% Stktn Gas • 6slO2^ —
,••; , ; ; -¦¦;¦¦- . WATER . STOCKS. \ , •
Contra Costa" 73% 74% ; Port ; Costa. . 63% 68
Marin Co.... ,«8 — .;: Spring Val... 85 '85U
.GAS AND i ELECTRIC, ,
CentL'& P.- 2%; JfiVPac Light... 45 —
Eqt'G LCo. .•»»-., rttV Sacramento'. — ' 35
Mutual"...-- -7 5%:S F, G-&'E.,40" 40%
O G L & H. ol — San Fran.... 6U 55
Pac Gas Imp 35 40 'gtktn G & E 8^'— -
: ¦ '" . " .. INSURANCE.' •; '
¦Fi'rem's ' Fnd.246 265 J , . ?
• ' .' .¦ : ''-...BANKS.' ¦ ' ' '
Anglo-Cal -. . -79% ~ L. P & A... :i67U17o"
California ..420 430 :. Mer-Ex (llq)18% _
CalSafe D..112 — % S F.Nationl.137% — . "
First -Natnl. J .S25 350 ..I, ..*;.¦ ,,. ...
.; savings banks;
German- ...1920 , ..— ¦ \.i Sav. & : Loan* 5 — - 90
Humboldt ... — — Security Sav.305 -350
Mutual: Sav. 66: ¦— . Union Trst.:— 2475
S - F : S"av rU.".51O ; - —,¦ .. ¦> ,-• - •; * ; . .
" _. • STREET. RAILROADS. " .
California "."1150 '--^-"MMarket' "...... 91 9->vi
Geary-. — 50^ Presidio ?.-..;• 36 -'. -I
, ".".'. .• ' POWDER. '¦ t ' '
Giant...::... 81 82 fVigorit'u...'.. '~-' 4T4
-:•_;, ,•_,';• J:;"..-. ' 'SUGAR. '' ,. ; " ' ".-
Hana.. . . *¦;.' — ¦ — ";' Kilauea . ..'.*¦ 914 nv.
Hawaiian... 34 40 - Makawell.. . -27 27 Vj
Honokaa , .' . : . 1 0 % " 10 V<> Onomea ¦„;;.' 22 % • 23 :
Hutchlnson ": U% 15 Paauhau : ... loii 10Vi
$ Exchange and Bullion. : '¦'"'
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . $4 84%
Sterling: Exchange, sight. .'..... — ' 4 87-lj,
Sterling Cables...-; .. — , : ,4 88%
New : York 'Exchange, sight... .. — '¦ . 05-
New York .Exchange, .telegraph — ¦¦ -07Vi
Silver, jier ounce.. .'..'..¦.........¦ — :. • '56
Mexican Dollars ¦.........' 44^ @ 45;
Wheat and Other Grains. .
V *V\ r HEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. *?¦. Chicago - rose / slightly i with .¦ &< better:
milling .demand. V" The 'country bought freely;
but professional selling continued.'. The; mar
ket'was very active.^ >The seaboard' reported: a
better ... exports demand, ; V Str-: .- Louis : • increased :
'country, offerings,: and. a 'large Minneapolis mill
60,000. barrels of flour sold for" export.-, Omaha
reported 'that" the' condition ;of iwinter^wheat
could'not be better. -: Kansas .'City !. wired y that :
the farmers were getting uneasy over. the.con
tinued dry weather,- and that'some damage'had
' already./' been '- reported,* ¦; . • ': '- V;v ¦ :¦;.:• ".'¦ . -.
; ? Bradstreet! s ! reported • stocks as , follows : . East .
of'the Rockies, an: increase :oM64,000 -bushels;
Europe 5 and u afloat, * a-* decrease .' of f 7 1,700,000;
total decrease, "1,530,000 bushels..- ';, ,..-*•< •¦f-'-i;'.
"* In ., the .. local market ' futures v ; were • « higher
again," but shipping grades shpwea no further,
advance.'-- ¦ ;'¦'¦ 'i . ; . \ -. - : ..,- f :.: : > : '-" -v--- '¦'•: "-y. ¦"...'•.': . ¦.¦¦¦
:.-. Spot Wheat— Shipping, '$106%@l 07%; mlll
lnga$l 08%@l!l0 per.ctl.t. .- : ¦•- - ; :: ;
• « ?¦ ;, CALL BOARD SALES. ¦; f. '' . \
•:'¦ Informal Session-i-OilSo'clock-^May- 1 — 10,000
ctls,;,$l 09%.', .,.:....•;•¦ ,. ¦-: \- :' ;-.-, .,:
I '• Second' ¦ Session— May— 2000 ctls, '¦¦ ¦¦ $1 09 % ;
; 10, 000; ; $r 09 %:¦>.: • .. ¦ -V ¦>.-¦¦
,*1 Regular* Morning Session— May— 20,000 .' ctls,
$1 10; 6000, $1 . 09%:>; December — 4000, , $1 11; v;
Session-^-May— 02.000 ctls, ' $l'10Vi ;
42,000," $1 10%:. 80,000,1 $1.10;^ 20,000; $1 10V&.,
; BARLEY-f-Was : •', steady,..'. 1 and '¦''.* unchanged.'
There was nothing -new to 'report. ' '¦. •""-¦. --U ¦:.* *• J'|
-r.Feed;S3%c for choice bright,': 81%@82 {4c for
No/ : , It and, 80c. for 'off/ grades; ¦ and
'¦shipping grades. 85@90e; Chevalier;* 85c@$l per
'ctl.-..,-;; .-. •;•--.• ¦-•¦¦ ..-:,..:/:-:¦ <:...-¦-: : -\ -:;
" : ; CALL BOARD SALES.-: ."-' ..'¦"¦;
V-r Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. ¦ .:'¦
: ' Second*Sesslon-^No sales. ' i > ¦ ', .' . ¦"
Rpgular ¦¦ Morning ' Session— No i sales.,- -
4 "A fternoon Session— May rr-SOOO . ctls,'^ S2c. : -CtT
-,i OATS— The f Governmenti opened ' bids ' for. 4000 ;
.tons, >i but the* awards ; will;^probably.. not -be i an-'
nounced for, several i days.'/-' Meanwhile: the 1 mar
: ket % is !-¦ firm,', , but ' quiet." '/ Receipts 1 were i Iarge, v .
; being 14,363 1 ctls,' of i which.* 11.322 ;¦ fr*n :
Washington ;i Grays, >¦',{ $1 ¦ 20@l* 27 % ; .»*, whites, :
: $1: 20@l ( 40; f ¦'> Surprise, - r $l< 40@l .42^ ; ¦•* black,
$l?10@l-20;for v feed.and'$l'2O@l-30.f6r5seed:
1 red;\; $1: 25@1 ; 35 \ per • ctl ¦; for r.f eed : and i $1 32V&®
'1T40. for; seed.^.-' "-y?.~. : X-\',--'.- \*?.-\:-~f~*f.'^-,:*-- >
¦ •-;•'; CORN— Previous *. prices . are 2 quoted r ; for.' all
descriptions,^ wjth: ia«dull>but i steady ¦ market. ;
Large •>, yellow, -< fl ; 35@1 ! 40 ; - ;. small round i do,'
¦$1 45:" white;. $1 30@l 36 per'ctl..' .:¦ v : ,- ¦-.— ;
V :'RYE— Veryfinn and In light, offering, rat 80
@82y 2 c. --•,.-- ,-./:- ._.•-¦. ¦. ir-.i:.-': '.'w^l.-.-i -.-.
; BUCKWHEAT-i-Quotedratj $1 , 65;- per ctl.' .
¦ ; Flour and Millstuffs. •• " -\
I FLOUR-^Californla • Family: Extras,'; $3 .60®
3 75,; usual ! terms ; i I Bakers' ; Extras, , $3 '40@3 50 ;
"Large Oranges are "Scarce* this year; and ac
cordingly rule firm, while the small sizes drag.
.The large .' difference in . size explains .the wide
range in i prices.: ..:.¦...¦ .••"•; "•
Fancy 'lemons are firm, but. all other grades
are weak and dull: • • ¦ ¦ . -'¦¦¦ '
• Limes rule - firm, at - the advance . already
noted. ' ¦' j, :¦•¦";¦-..: • \ ;¦-'.-- -' " '' V''^'-> 'C
; DECIDUOUS, FRUITS. .
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 7uc
@1 k5 lor good to choice and 25@ti0c lor ] ordi
nary; Lady Apples,\75c@$l 50. : «• ' •¦
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c©$2 50 per box.
.PERSIMMONS— 75c «per box. -, "
,: CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay, $2,25 per box. .
; CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c(&$l 25
for standards, $1 50@2 for, choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; Seedlings, 50c©$l ; Tangerines, "$1 25
@1 ' 50 ; . Japanese | Mandarins, ;75c©$l ; Lemons,
50c@?l for common and $1@2 - for ¦ good *;to
choice, and' $2 25@2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit,
$1@3: Mexican Limes, $4 50® 5; Bananas,: $1 75
@2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and ?1@1 75
for i Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. " '.:¦.
Dried Fruits, 'Nuts [and Raisins.
' Evaporated have again -advanced un
der, an increased scarclty\ and. a still further
rise ',: is. expected by ! local, dealers. Otherwise
there is nothlnff; new." ;. , , '¦"•/¦ ¦ '..¦_ •¦'¦'¦'
V - FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8iSc for Royals and : 8
@13c;for 4 standard ".to. fancy. Moorparks; Evap-:
orated : Apples, 1 .. 7%@SV4<^5 « - sun-dried'" 4@4Vic:
Peaches, 4 - 5@7%c;-' Pears," V4%@8Vic; '. Plums,'
pitted, = 4@5 V>c ; unpitted,'- l@2c ; Nectarines. ;5@
5}jc for red i and'5%@6^(.c - for white;. Figs, . 4c
for black and «0(975e;per box for white.' . ;'
i*-i PRUNES— .1901 i crop • are quoted- as follows : .
30-40's,'6@6V,c: 40-50"s. 4%@5V4c:50-C0's; 4H
;@49ic;' 60-70' s; 3%@4i4c; i . 70-SO's,: '3i4@3-> 4 c;
80-90' s." 2%@3^c; 00-100' s, ZVi^Y^a per lb. S
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box) :: ; Clusters:
Imperial; '$3;»Dehesa. $2 50;' fancy, $1\"5; ;4
crown,:-i $1 60 ; ; : ' London . ; Layers— Three-crown,
$1 35 ; two-crown,' $1 j 25.7J Price per lb : -I Stand
ard: loose "Muscatels-^- Four-crown.", 5%c;'three
crown;-- 5 J /ic; two-crown,; 4?4c; Seedless Musca
tels, ; 5c; .Seedless -Sultanas,. "B^c;./, Thompson
: Seedless,; ¦; C^c ; ; ¦ Bleached ;¦ •" Sultanas— Fancy,
. 8%c ; choice, • 7%c ; 1 standard;. 6 J /4c ; prime.' 5&c ;
, unbleached ' Sultanas. : 5c. i , Bleached . Thompson' s
—Extra ¦ fancy.Wllc ; ; fancy,",: 10c; "/' choice, : 9c ;.
standard,':.? %c; " prime; 6 Vic. ' Fancy ' seeded, ' 7c;'
' choice ; seeded, -6«4c;-do, • in -bulk, fancy,r6%c;
choice,' 6%c per lb. ' ; '-•'¦ '¦:¦ •¦¦ • ""¦ - -'•.'
¦¦:'¦> NUTS— Chestnuts,^ nominal -'Walnuts, No.-: 1
softshell,' 9%c;,No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. .- 2,'-.7c; .' Almonds,,- 10^@12c : for paper- ,
shell, :- 9@10c . for softshell . and - 6@7c .' for i hard- .
. shell; "Peanuts,": 5@7c for 'Eastern; Brazil*Nuts,
li;(g)12:^c;^Filberts, 12@12 Vic; Pecans, ll@13c;
: Cocoanuts, , $3 50@5.' ' ." ... -. /v, : v .'•::'- • -^
ir, HONEY— Comb,il2@12}4cforl bright and 10®
' ll%c > for : light ; amber ; % water '.white : extracted, j
5@bc;light amber extracted, J 4@5c; dark, 4c. ¦ e
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. -¦-¦;; -. ; ¦
i Provisions. . . ' ,
¦ The local trade report the' market very dull.'
Prices : aref as before. V' Chicago -is;-' quiet.'. 'and'
¦heavy.":' : './' .''¦-' ¦-.' ; " .":-...•:'¦' V." ' ¦ '.
;¦ "CURED j MEATS4Bacon." ¦; 12o».1 per; lb-V for
heavy;* 12V4c 'f or . light' medium," 13%c,' for i light.'
14 %C; for; extra flight' and ; 15c f or ; sugar-cured ;
.EasternV' sugar-cured*: Hams, %'. 13c; ¦ California
• Hams;'; ll%c; Mess i Beef.i $1O@1O -50 peri barrel ;
extra ,-; Mess.v $11@11. 50; m Family. & $12@12 50;
prime j Mess , Pork,* $15 ; ' extras clear, ' $22 50@23 ;
Mess,", $18 50@10;^ Smoked Beef,' 13%@14c, per
pound.:-. ••."¦.'." " ..¦•-".-. ..:. . ;. . ...» ¦:¦,;¦;...•¦¦ ;.---•,
.-.¦.I LARD — Tierces,' quoted" at" 8%c. per -lb for,
compound'and 5tll%c,"for ipure; - half ".barrels,,
:pure;511%c;5 1O-lb tlns;;12Vic;J5-lb .tins,"a2%c;
3-lb/tlns,-12%c.Y - --;_^ .:..-. ¦> i ;-",^'-, I ,-, \
m-cOTTOLENE— One half-barrel 10%c;"- thres
half-barrels. ', 10c;' one'tlerce.1 »%c; two tierces/
9%c; ! five tierces40%c,per lb; /\ ./ .•
.¦T H ides 'y Tallow; : Wool and Hops.
HIDES : AND; SKINS-^Cuils'; and .brands; sell
'about i Ii5c tunderf quotatlons/v? Heavy; salted
1 Steers;*' lie ; v medium.YV 10c"; • ' light."^,0c;'<C<Jw
Hides. ¦ 9%c ,i for V > heaSry /-"and -¦. »c f for i light ;'
Stags, ,7c; Salted|Klp,-9%c;. Salted Veal,' 9%c;
Salted • Calf, UOc; Dry. Hides^lB^c^ Culls t: 14c;:
Dry j Kip,' s 15c ; 5 Dry; Calf, 18@18 %c ; J Culls i and
Brands,- 16c ; ¦; Sheepskins,':* shearlings, »'15@;{0a
' each ; •' short aWool."2 40@60c . each ; r medium."i e5@.
'. 75c ;* long i Wool,*; 80c@$l',10 each ;':. Horse .Hides,"
. salt,'; $2 ~75@3 [for i large f and i $2 * DO ? for i medium.^
$1 75@2 t for* small? and; DOc > for .: Colts ; ¦$ f Horse'
Hides,- dry,? $1; 75 for; large, ¦$1;25@1 50 for me-'
Judge Kerrigan dismissed the contested
election cases of R. W. Roberts and John
J. Daughney yesterday for want of, prose
cution. '-"'. The cases were to have been
tried yesterday at a special session of the
court— The lawyers for the defeated can
didates asked for a continuance, but this
was refused, because section 1121 of the
Code of Civil Procedure provides that a
case set. for a special session must be
tried on the date set unless affidavits are
presented to the court showing cause for
a continuance. Judge • Kerrigan declared
a recess until 2 p. m. to enable the attor
neys to secure the necessary documents.
At that hour. Attorney. Kierce, who repre-,
sents Roberts and Daughney, announced
that owing to the»absence from town of
one ¦ of , his ¦: clients and his failure to find
the other he could • not furnish the affida
vits. Judge Kerrigan then dismissed the
suits. BMriBBQBnPtMIHNBIsiVt
The contests of the Supervisors willbe
heard by Judge Murasky January 10.
Election Suits Dismissed.
- NEW,. , YORK, Jan. ; 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
39,988 barrels; exports, 6191 barrels; fairly ac
tive , and firm; ''; .. "-"~ r ," . '
WHEAT— Receipts, 58,900 bushels ; .exports,
115^497 bushels; spot, firm; No.: 2 red, 01}6c £.
o. b.- afloat; "No. 2 red, 90%c elevator; No. 1
Duluth, 89%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 96%c f. o. b. afloat. Options were firm ¦
and -higher on better, cables than expected,', a
f air : outside demand and : dry weather . in the
Southwest and small receipts. .Un^er * subse
quent bear- pressure;, however, ., prices ' \ broke
sharply and ruled weak most of ¦ the ' afternoon, ;
finally • advancing sharply on a scare of shorts.
They closed firm,- %@%c net advance. (March;
89V4@89%c; closed at 8D^c; May, 88 3-1C®
S8%c, closed at 88%c; July, 87%@S8 7-16c,
closed at 88&C. : ' • :'•"-¦ •
.HOPS— Quiet. ; ,
- HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-^-Dull. ' ' -' '
' SUGAR-^-Raw, easy; fair, refining. 3 l-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test; 3 9-lCc; • molasses sugar.
2 1-lfic; refined; -steady. ','¦,. - . ¦¦ :* ;
COFFEE: — Spot' Rio. steady; No.- .7 . invoice,'
C%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, • 7^i@llc. Futures
closed; unchanged to 10: points lower and. the
undertone was- steady. Total sales were 79,250
. bags, including January, $6 30: March, ' $6 35Q>
0 50; April, $0 55; July, $0 75®6 80. . - .;
\ ;. DRIED FRUJTS. :: , ..,'
A ' rather easier : feeling ' ; orevailed • in " evap
orated apples, with' not much -"interest, man
ifested . by ' exporters.'' In - some > Instances ' the
poorer grades were ¦ quoted " at a trifle . lower
prices/ • State, common to good; 7@8%c; prime,
9 %@9%c; choice, 1 1 9Vj@10c; ; fancy, 10»4@llc. ;
California- dried ; fruits were quiet" and .'firm.-
Prunes. 3%@7c. ''Apricots— Royal.V 10®Uc;
¦ Moorpark, , 9V4@13c. Peaches— Peeled, 16@20c;
unpeeled, 7^4@12%c. • . ,;".'
New : York Grain and Produce.
'"¦¦ Three cars of. Oranges were; auctioned,- as
follows : B Fancy | Navels, ': " $1 55@3 ; 'choice do,
$l-10@2 65; 'standards, 1 (in bad condition) 35c@
$1.55.\ ' '¦ j ¦-"¦ "¦ ¦' ';¦' '-' '¦'¦ : \\ : .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON,' Jan. 8.— To-day's .state
ment of the treasury balances,- exclusive of the
$150,000,000 gold -reserve in the division' of
redemption, shows: Available cash balance,
$172,207,175; gold, $112,401,004.
Condition' of the Treasury.
The taking of evidence at the trial of
Emmet N. . Pettigrew,- charged with the
murder of Lafayette A. Welsh outside the
Chutes on • the morning of July 15, was
concluded before a jury in Judge Law
lor'a court yesterday. The case will be
argued this morning. .
' The witnesses examined for the prose
cution yesterday were George C. Shane,
Percy "W. Benson, ' H. H. Dobtn, Police
men Reade and Lord and Detective Rey
nolds. Thomas H. Smith and J. J. Wha
len : were • examined - for the defense, as
were also a number of witnesses as to
the character of the prisoner. Pettlgrew
testified that Wordlaw Dennis, the sol
dier whose deposition was read Monday,
called ., upon him in the City Prison and
stated that he would leave the State for
515 and not testify against him. Petti
grew referred him to Attorney Pelxotto.
Peixotto testified that Dennis had called
upon him and made the same proposition,
adding that he had In his statement to
the police spoken too strongly, as, he felt
bitter at being kept in prison as a wit
ness.
fore Judge Lawlor.
Murder Trial Is Concluded Be-
Taking of Evidence in the Welsh
SOLDIER DENNIS DEMANDS
MONEY NOT TO TESTIFY
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. — Money on, call. was
firm at,5@7 per, cent; closing bid and goffered ;
5@6 per ; cent; prime mercantile f paper, . 5@5^j
per cent.. Sterling: exchange was steady, 'with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@
4 87% .* for demand and at $4 84».i for', sixty
days; posted rates, . $4 S3@4 88: commercial
bills," $4 83%@4 83%- ,: Bar. silver.- 50c.. {Mex
ican 'dollars,- 44%c. Bonds — Governments,
steady; States; inactive; railroads, - steady. '. ' . .
Neiv York Money Market.
•v EGGS— Ranch,\31c for selected large; 30c for
good to choice and 27%@29c for fair; store, 24@
2«c per dozen ; • cold storage, ¦ 20@25c ; - Eastern,
20@26c. ¦ ' ' I
BUTTER— Creamerj'. , 24@26c ; per lb for
fancy and:20@23c for* seconds;, dairy,' 17 %@
22c; store • Butter,. 14@17c per lb;' Creamery
Tub, '20c;; Pickled. Roll, 18@lDc; Keg, iu@18c
New; ,-11Yj®12c;, , old, -10@llc;
Young America; 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
, Receipts "were 17,200. pounds of 'Butter;
pounds ! of Eastern Butter, 1 357 cases of Kggs,
— cases • of | Eastern Eggs, \ 7200 • pounds . of
California ! Cheese and • — - pounds;: of , Oregon
Cheese.'' ¦ ':''"- '•'¦¦-.." ¦¦'¦.'¦¦' ¦'' ' ' :'¦ *¦¦* •'.'" " '-¦ ¦ '¦£•
'] Eggs 'showed "increased weakness again," and
offerings were • larger, v There was no . further
decline in prices, 1 hojvever. .; '¦; ;-\.'
Cheese- continues .weak .under excesslv sup
plies, and I the tendency is toward lower quo
tations.-: ¦¦¦;¦•-¦' ,i h --¦.-¦-.. *.-¦: '¦./.'¦ :¦--. .
.-¦Butter.; stands', about;', the- same. 'Receipts
about . balance the demand; :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.173%174 Pac A F A. 2% — .
Cal Fruit As 95 98 . Pac C Borax.165 —
Cal Wine As. 96%, »7 Par Paint... 15 , ,— .,
Oceanic S^C. 37% 42% -
- Mornlns Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 174 00
100 Equitable Gaa 3 50
10 Market-street Railway 92 00
$2,000 N PC B. R Ss. bonds........ 105 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co........ 37 OO
$2,000 S P of C fs. bonus (1906)..... UX 25
10 Spring Valley Water ;. 85 23
Street—
40 Oceanic . Steamship Co .37 00
$7,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 100 00
' Afternoon Session. \
"120 California Wine Association... 88 50
•50 Giant Powder Con 81 25
SO Honokaa Co.. 10 23
$2,000 Oceanic Steamshis bonds 100 25
65 Paauhau- S P Co......... 10 Vl%
$2,000 S V 43. bonds (2d mtse) 103 00
PRODUCERS' OH, EXCHANGE.
Board—
100 California-Standard 34
300 Home 3 50
5500 Petroleum Canter 05
100 Sacramento 90
'* Afternoon Session.
Board — - VWM^
600 California-Standard 84
1500 California-Standard 85
150 Four . 50
1000 Lion .-. 08
50 Monarch of Arizona, b 90....... 22
200 Oil City Petroleum 21
900 Petroleum Center 05
200 Sterling 115
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yes
terday.
Morning Session.
50 Belcher 15 500 Hale & Nor.. 2B
1.00 Caledonia ... 27 500 Mexican 40
300 Chollar OS 100 Occidental ... 07
200 Con C * Va.l 70 500 Potosi ...... 15
.200 Con C & Va.l 65 300 Sierra Nev .. 21
100 Cr Point ... 10 €00 Union Con . . 17
100 Gould & Cur. 07 1 500 Yellow Jacket 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ' ,14 350 Ophlr 90
200 Challenge ... 15 BOO Overman . 14.
100 Chollar ..... 10 500 Potosi ...... 15
100 Confidence ... 65 100 Sierra Nev. ..'• 22
100 Gould & Cur. 07 100 Silver Hill .." 47
300 Mexican .... 40 200 Yellow Jacket 11,
400 Occidental ... 08 ,'-' :
The. following .were the sales in the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Andes ....... 02 1200 Occidental ... 07
600 Best & Bel.. 13 100 Ophir 90
100 Caledonia ... 28 5OO Overman .... 14
100 Caledonia ... 27 • 200 Overman .... 15
500 Chollar .:... OS 1400 Potosi ...... 15
100 Con C & V.I 67% 400 Potosi 14
100 Confidence ... 65 500 Savage OS
250 Crown Point. 10 400 Sierra Nev .. "2rz
100 Crown Point. 09 300 Sierra Nev .. 21
300 1 Gould & Cur. 07 200 Union Con .. 17
300'Hale & Nor. 26 300 Yellow Jacket. 10
500 Mexican 39
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 8 — 4 p. m.
' Bid.Ask. Btd.Aak.
-Alpha ....... 01 02 Justice 08 07
Alta ." ;. 06 08 Kentuck ...;.' 01 02
Andes 01 i>2 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher 13 14 Mexican .... 89 -40
Best & Belch 13 14 Occidental ...00 11
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 80 90
Caledonia ... 27 29 Overman .... 12 14
Challenge Con 15 10 Potosi 14 15
Chollar ..... 08 09 Savage 07 08
Confidence ... 65 67 Scorpion — O4
Con C & V.I 65 1 70 Seg Belcher .04 05
Con Imperial. 01 OS Sierra Nev ..21 23
Coa New T.. 01 — Sliver Hill .. 48 47
Crown Point. 10 11 St Louis .... 05 00
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard .... — 3 60
Exchequer .. — - 02 Syndicate ... 06 — ¦
Gould & Cur. 07 0* Union Con ..17 18
Hale & Nor. 25 28 Utah 06 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket 10 IX
> LIVERPOOL. ¦';;";
Wheat— : March. • rMay.
Opening '..-... >. ......: 6 3% : . « 3%
Closing ;....;.;.....• 6 4Vi ' 6 4=i
'. : -' ¦'¦•' ¦ ''"."- PARIS. ¦•-¦".¦•"'¦..'-¦: '-¦''":' '¦¦
Wheat — , . ¦ : Jan. Mar. -June."
Opening ..'...; ..."..... 21 95 .; 22 85i ¦
Closing ;..... ,.i. ...... ..'..,22 05 22 95 •':•
• Flou: — - .'/ ¦ • ', : ¦ '.*'¦ .- : ..."' .-
Opening- 27 75 '2S85-
Closing ................ 27 75 •" 28 90
; Available Grain Supply. '¦¦) .
, NEW, YORK, Jan. 8.— Special :>' telegraphic
and cable communications ¦ to Bradstreets . show
theTfollowing changes in, available supplies; as
compared with the last account: '-.-.- " ' •
Wheat— United! States and. Canada, east' of
the .Rockies,' increased 164,000 bushels;' afloat
for. '- and'-- in Europe, i decreased .100,000. _ Total
supply, decreaset 1,536,000. •¦¦ - : v
! Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies; increase 001,000. v : .
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 156,000. , : ' . j : ¦ r
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. ," l
* -CHICAGO, Jan. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 15,
500; good to choice, 'strong to 10c higher; others
- slow . and jj steady ; good to | prime, $6 50@7 50;
poor i to medium. .: $4@tS; ' stockers and feeders,
?2 25@4 75; cows, ?125@4 75; heifers; $2 75@
5; canners.- $125@2 30; bulls, $1 75@4 60;'
calves,; $3 50@6 50;. Texas -fed steers,, $3 25®
'5 25.' ¦ -:¦...-' . ,:¦--¦ '- " - - ¦',: '• ¦' :;¦¦' ' ¦ ' . • . ' .'. i
: HOGS — Receipts to-day, " 45,000; to-morrow.
40,000; left over, 10.000; 5@10c lower; closed
active; mixed ,and butchers, $5 90@6 40; good
to I choice heavy, $6 25«?6 52% ;, rough heavy,
$5 90@6 15: light, $5 75@6 10; bulk of sales,
$5 95@6 30.; -i : •••. ¦.-¦¦-¦ •: .;¦..;:;,:.
¦-SHEEP — Receipts. 18,000; sheep ; and ; lanibs,
active and steady; -good. to choice wethers. $4@
4. 55; fair to choice . mixed; $3 50@4, 25; West
ern sheep,, fed, J $4@4 75; native ' lambs, $3 50
@0; Western lambs, .fed, $5@5 75. ., ' *
:.' 'New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. S.^-Ths-J cotton; /market
openedLflrm, with'early months 1 1 to 5 points
lower - and far months ¦ • 4 .: points higher, and
closed . steady net 9 '.to 13 points ¦ higher. '
Portland's .Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 8— Clearings 457, -'
407; balances,, $111,366. :,;
Northern Wheat Market. , .
OREGON. '-'¦'-
PORTLAND. Jan. 8.^-Wheat. steady; Walla
Walla. 63@C4c; Valley, ¦", 63@C4c; - Bluestem,
C4@65<*. ' • - . ." V ¦ ':.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 8.^— Wheat, firm ; Bluestem,
64c; Club, 63c. t . ;
Foreign Markets.
...LONDON, Jan. 8.— Consols, ¦ 93%; ; silver,
25 13-16d; French rentes^lOOf "47%c. ', Wheat
: cargoes' on : passage, ; quiet and steady; cargoes
No. . 1 ; Standard California."- 30s l%d :' cargoes,
,Walla Walla; 20a 7%d ; j English • county mar-'
.kets,'.-.flrm.'.- '• - '.. "•¦;¦. . •;' ¦-. ¦ . -" ¦•¦j <-. . '¦ :/y.
.LIVERPOOL, Jan. 8.— Wheat; quiet; whVat
in Paris; weak; flour in' Paris, weak: French
.country -. markets, quiet; .weather . in England;
¦overcast.' •• - . ¦{¦ ••.-¦': .. .--.'' ¦'¦¦ ",¦¦«' ¦¦
•: COTTON— Uplands, 4 13-32d. .;• -'il': ;
NEW YORK; Jan.: 8." — The Commercial,Ad
vertiser's London financial: cablegram ; says:
The stock market was fairly brisk to-day,' with
the tendency easy; I Consols relapsed Vi to 94%;
on French and English sales. . ' ' ' /
The imminence of the assembling of Parlia
ment, when a fresh loan is expected, was part
ly responsible for the weakness of consols. Rio
Tlntos reacted to 39% and Anaconda to i 0%
on the break in Amalgamated,: while"; copper
sold at £45 8s the ton. Mexican Central stocks
were strong, the first gaining 7 and the second
3 on big traffic returns. The American depart
ment was heavy early/ save United States
Steel, which was firm oh New York support
ing orders. -The position was reversed In, the
afternoon and Steel sharply reacted 2%. "It
is said that the Morgan interests sold : large
blocks last night and this forenoon. London 'is
disappointed by the report of . the earnings.
The close was between the best -and the
worst, with Steel at the bottom. . . ; . „•' ::?+&¦%
Gold to the amount of £150,000 has gone out
to South America," The price of the metal is
weakening on the rise in ¦.Vienna exchange to
239.20. ¦ ; '¦¦.: : ¦ ¦ '- - - '-- ' wn ¦ .': «
The market is cleared of indebtedness to, the
Bank of England, but money supplies 'are
scarce.' . ¦ . . . • '- • - . ¦ ::- ' •<
Silver is 'firm on the demand to -finance the
Indian loan. ; > ,. i. :.. •'¦
London Market.
GAME — Doves;: per dozen, $1 ; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3; Canvasback,$3@4; Sprig, $1 75<&2;
Teal, fl 25@1 50: Widgeon, $1 25@1. 50: Small
Ducks, $125; Black Jack, iSl 25; English
Snipe. $2; .Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, 53;
White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per doz
en;; Honkers;. ?3@4 50. - -
•POULTRY. — 'Dressed * Turkeys,' ¦ 16@18e;
Live Turkeys, ;12@13c for 'Gobblers and 13@14c
for Hens ; s Geese; per pair, $1 50@l 75; , Gos
lings, $l/75@2;' Ducks, $4 50#5 for. old and $6
@7 Tor young ; 'Hens; $4 50@5 ; young ( Roosters;
$4 50® 5 50; old Roosters, $4 25©4 75, Fryers,
$4 50@5;: Broilers,' ?4@5 for large and $3@4 for
small ; I Pigeons, • $1 ¦ 25@1 , 50 per- dozen for old
and $1 75@2 for^ Squabs. - '-v ' . - -" • -
;' Poultry rules firm and everything except poor
Hens sells off quickly. : Receipts of ',« dressed
Turkeys", continue . light; , those yesterday being
16 cases. ¦ ¦ ; ¦':.-: " ". • .'¦ - r ~- ¦ ; • •¦-¦..
' Game cleaned up well, with decreased ar>
rivals of 80 sks." ¦;- . v ;• -., ¦•¦.: ¦ >.. . ,..!. ¦•:
Poultry and ; Game.
The Outlook for 1902.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews
eaj-B :
"The outlook in 1902 is certainly satisfactory
and hopeful, but less bo than a year ago.
Prices of 1>oth stocks and commodities are very
high, so liigh as to materially check . buying
power ancl remove all basis for legitimate
epeculaticn. or anticipation of future wants.
The business situation is good, yet it is spotty
compared with the beginning of 1901. The
lion trade is still enjoying a most extraordi
nary boom and promises to continue ' In this
course for some time to come. Its chief basis
In the Cvxr.and from the railroads, which, as
explained in previous advices, are not only
overtaxed with the handling of freight, but
are passinjj through a process of reconstruction
involving lieavy orders for rails, bridges, • cars
and Iccomatives that would be likely to con
tinue even should the rush of freight abate
somewhat. For some time to come the rail
roads will be obliged to spend- a large part of
their surp.us earnings in this direction, rather
than in increased dividends; and it is rare
good fortune for railroad managers that these
imperative changes can be paid for out of earn
ings rather than by isgue of new securities,
which would otherwise have been the case. Ex
perts say iJiat the end of the present activity in
Jreicht trcific is not yet in sight; that we are
in for several months' additional good busi
ness. We trust this will prove true, but we
are now at the time when a reduced corn
movement will be felt and the severe winter
promises to cause more or less interruption.
Outside of the iron trade there is no abnormal
activity a ad values often show a sagging
tendency. High prices have stimulated pro
duction ar d checked buying, so that some sort
of natural readjustment seems necessary. In
this cor.ntction it is Important to watch the
workings 3f the trust experiment. * «~*hese or
ganization!', exert a*powerful control t}\ r prices,
which if used In the same fashion as in cop
per will produce corresponding results. Those
who. control these trusts and have securities
which the? would like to sell may easily be
tempted to hold prices at artificial . levels, to
dam up the natural forces of supply and de
mand, until such schemes collapse fcom inher
ent unsourdness. The trust system .appears to
have worked very smoothly under prosperity,
and it will be interesting to watch its course
when the markets begin to meve in a down
ward direction, as they certainly will In due
i-tason. . There is a vast mass of these securi
ties in this market undigested, and they will
be the first to feel the effects of reaction.'
••The immediate outlook for the market- is
hopeful. Easier money, which may be ex
pected in * few days, and the anticipated in
vestment demand will undoubtedly be used as
a bull argument. As a result we shall prob
ebly have a good trading market for a spell,
during wt.ich we should advise profit taking
upon all pronounced rallies."
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian — Pacific Time.).
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 8, 1902— 5 p. ni.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in the last twenty-four
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season.' Season
Eureka 02 * 15.34 27.67
Red Bluff 10.36 12.90
Sacramento 6.33 10.00
San "FranctECO 5.»4 10.91
Fresno '3.25 .6.94
Independence 1.34 5.00
6an Luis Obispo 4.50 20.53
Los Angel es 2.46 7.86
£an Diego... 0.77 2.45
San Fraacisco data — Maximum temperature,
50: minimum. 40; mean, 45.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures -vere reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 30-2S! Omaha' 56-36
Cincinnati 48-341 > Duluth 44-34
Philadelphia 44-32 Chicago .40-32
New York 38-32 'Salt Lake City... 30-26
Kansas City 54-44 : St. Louis 52-40
Jacksonville 62-4411 Washington 46-34
naturally a disappointment, especially, ce the
three months showed successive declines down
to the estimate for 'December of less, than
$8,000,000. An increase of only about a million
dollars over the previous quarter was. consid
ered unsatisfactory, as that previous quarter
included the period of the costly strike and
reports of current trade have been enthusiastic
for some time past. The enormous absorption
of Union Pacific and its aggressive recovery to
104% from the early low level of ,101% was
effective In dissipating the uneasiness caused
by the proceeding against the Northern Securi-.
ties Company in the United States • Supreme
Court. Owing to the wide-reaching importance
attached to this whole subject, the resilency of
this group of stocks had a notable sentimental
effect on the whole - market. There was no
news to explain the movement, unless It might
be due to & report that the Interstate Commerce
Commission had adjourned its proposed inquiry
into the affairs of the Northern Securities Com
pany until later In the month. The excuse
offered by the United State* Steel authorities
that car shortage and freight . blockades had
affected their earnings was taken as renewed
confirmation that the railroads had . all the
business they could handle. The speculators
used this as a favorable argument for the rally
in the railroads. Somewhat inconsistently labt
week's sharp decrease In gross earnings • in
some of the soft coal carriers s was attributed
also to car shortage. Rock Island was strong
on the large net earnings for November. | The
movement, in sugar was. characteristic of an
annual meeting day. The rise to 124% was at
tributed to the -appeal by the' president of the
company for the abolition of the duty on raw
sugar. The seeming certainty that no gold
will go out this week, and the hope that next
week's probable outgo will be offset by receipts
of cash from other sources helped on the late
rally.-. The firmness o£ Amalgamated Copper
and American Smelting wae due to reports of
a heavy export movement of copper.
The bond market was somewhat irregular,
but responded to the late strength of stocks.
Total sales, par value. $3,800,000. -. •
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
¦ . NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ••£./'
Stocks— . Sales. High Low. Close.
Atchison .'... 27.600 SO ?i 79 SOU
Atchison pfd ...... 7.500 101 9!*%'" luu% -
Baltimore & Ohio. . 5.U0O 105% 105 105&i
Balto & Ohio pfd.. 300 96 Vj »«% 96
Canadian Pacific .. 5,300 115% 114*, 115& I
Canada Southern.. 1,100 86 85^. S5»i
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1.800 47>/i 46^2 47^1 I
Chicago & Alton.. i)W 36J4 35% 35%
Chicago & A pfd.. 200 77 "76^ 76% '
Chicago Ind & L.. 4,000 61% 51 51 it
Chicago I & L pfd. . 76
Chicago & G W... 3,700 23% 23 23U
C.&OWApfd... ...... ..7. . 84*
C & G W B pfd... ilOO 46 4tt -45
Chicago & N W.... 400 210 208 201M4
C R I & P........ 6.700 157>£ 155 15G
Chicago Term & T. 2,000 17% 16% 17VI
Chi T & T pfd.... 5.4O0- 35 31 . 32%
CCCiSfL...-. BOO 93%. 96H ¦ 96%
Colorado Southern. 2,200 15%, 15? - 15I r
Colo So 1st pfd... 2,600 «li«, 61 61%
Colo So 2d pfd 1,800 28% 28% 28%
Delaware & Hudson-- 4,600 182V4 180 181% I
Del Lack & West.. 300 257>4 256 255' \
Denver & Rio G... • 200 44 44 441,1
D & Rio G pfd... 000 92% 91% 92%
Erie 21,700 42% 42 • 42H
Erie 1st pfd ...... 9,000. 74% 73U 74H
Erie 2d pfd ...... 4,100 61% 60V. 01 V
Great Northern pfd. 1,300 ; 188 187% 187%
Hocking Valley . . 100 \ 09% ¦&>%' 6»2
Hocking Valley pfd 100 1 83% • 83% 83
Illinois Central .... ; 400 140 139% 139%
Iowa Central 100 39% : 39% 38%
Iowa Central pfd .. ..... 72»i
Lake Erie & West- ' v . (59-
Lake Erie & W- pfd .:..'-¦ ' 1">5
Louisville & Nash. 5,000 106% 105% 106 '
Manhattan L .... 21.500 ; 136% . 134^ 136S.1
Metropolitan St Ry 1,300 163 162% ? 163
Mexican Central... 4,500 28% 27% 28
Mexican National.. 300 -15-, 14% 15
Minn & St Louis 200 107%' 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific . , l 22,100 103 101 102%
Missouri K & T. . 100 26V< 26% 25%
M K & T pfd.... 300 52% 52 52%
New Jersey Central 300 193 193 191%
New York Central. 7,700 166% 164% 166
! Norfolk & Western 1,000 57% 5< % 57»i
Nor & West pfd... I ..„, T 91'*
Ontario & Western 3,700 35 S4% 35
Pennsylvania . . . . . 16,200 150 148% 149%
Reading; 61.300 57% 56% 57% ;
Reading 1st pfd .. 3,900 82% 81% ' 82%
Reading 2d pfd .... 14,300 C5 ' 63% 64%
St L & S F .... 3,400 60%-" 59% '¦ G0#
St L & S F 1st pfd ..... ..;. '..gaS.
St L & S F 2d pfd 2.S00 75% 74% 75*4
St Louis S W..... - 200 -27% 26%- •>!
St Louis S W pfd.. 1.800. ¦- 58% 57% '58*
St- Paul 25.100 165% 103% 1«55%
St Paul pfd ...... 200 1S8 188- 187
Southern Pacific .. 21.500 60% 59% 00%
Southern Railway. 7,200 33% 33% 33 «t
Southern Ry pfd.. .1,700 94% 93% 94 -
Texas & Pacific... 300 39% 39% • .".Q%
Toledo St L <fc W. . ..... ..„ 19^
T St L & W pfd.. 100 36 36" * 3514'
Union Pacific .....100.200 101% mi « 104
Union Pacific pfd.. 2.200 : 90 81% • ko-v
Wabaph .'. 3,300 22% * 22Vi 22«-;
Wabash pfd .. 4,100 43% 42%
Wheeling* L E.. • ..... .... jr^
Do 2nd pfd .... .... ]'.'.'. 30
¦WlRconsin Central . 1,100 20% 2014 - 20%
Do pfd ....'300 41 40%" 41
Express Companies —
Adams ... .... 200
American ' «O0 220 2lrt. 216 •'
United States -...." 2.100 , 108%' 107%"' 107%
Wells Fargo ...... '¦ .... .'* 192..
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copner.. 29,300 71% 70% 71 ii
Amer Car & Fdry. 1,500 30% 30\i 30T6
Do pfd ......... SCO 87% 87% 87%
Amer Linseed OH.. .... j ( ; '*/!
Do pfd ........." ..!' 441;
Amer Smelt & Ref. 3,400 4fi% 451Z ¦ 4(5
- Do pfd ;..-.: .ino nr,%- ±ww.
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 . 31 31 30Vi
Brooklyn'Rap Trn.' 14,100 * C7% "7% " «7'4
Colo Fuel & Iron. .' ' 1,100 Sfi% 84 HW.
Consolidated Gas.. 1,000 21SV, 2t«V. "IRK
Con Tobacco Dfd...' ?00 115% 115% J15%
General Electric . . 100 279 27n 27!)
Glucose Sugar .... : ?00 40 40 ~ 40U
Hockins: Coal . 1O0 1S^ ' in-Nl -in-
Internet Paper ... ]OO ?o% ?0% ?0i4'
# Dopfd... 100 7«% 70%. 7BW
Internat Power ... • 100 . 87% 87% 87-
Laclede' Gas ..,;•.. .... .... .... »o •
National Biscuit '. . R00 .45% -44"
National Lead ... .- 100 16 ' . 16 ' lS-v
National Salt .:..'.-'....- ' 32 ¦
Dopfd..... ........ ..]'. fl|
North American .. 100 92 92 J>2
Pacific Coast ;.... 100. 74 74 73
Pacific Mail ....... M.0O0 47% 47 47V
People's Ga» '.-...'.. 3,400 104 101% 10"<T,i
Pressed Steel Car.". 100 41 41 41 '
Dopfd..... 100 ; R4%, ¦ Ri% R4%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 217 217 2M
Republic ' Steel ... 4.300 17 lfl% '16%
Dp -pM. ......... 700 fin% fi8%--fft%
Sugar ..-...'....; 95.700 154% ll»%- 124%
Ten n Coal & Iron. ..-: 2.5O0 - fi4%* .,. 63% fi4^4
Union Bag & P Co.. -200 14%-' 14 ' 13U
"Po pfd ............... .... . 73
U B Leather ...... 4,500 12 ii%" 11%
. 10 ? 81H 81% 1^
t Do pfd......... • 100 51. hi" 50%
U S Ste*l '.......... 0S.500 - 44"4 "43% " 4iV x
Do pfd ....... ... . 03.400 . ns% '94- ¦ : 9334
Western Union... -. 1.R00 91"^ no% 91%
Amer Loco ....:.... 7.50iT sr^; . ' 32 '¦'¦'. Hik.
_*Do pfd . ••.....'. .^ 0,500 92% 91%: : 91%
Total sales... .859,200 : - •
' CLOSING " BONDS. t
U S refunding 2s, •] Hocking Val 4%s.lO7%
.- reg . ...... :.:108%|L & Nash uni ls.101
do coup ,..:.:.. 108% Mex .Cent 4s.::.. ,81%
. do 3s reg.." 107-fc do 1st inc. :r. .,.32%
• So coup-....:. .108% Minn & StL 4s.' 104(!«
«lo new 4s reg. .139% M K & T 4s. V. . . . 98%
do, coup ........139% do • 2ds. .-..;. .R31I
do old,4s reg.. 111% N.Y Cent. lsts.V:. 102%
do coup .......111% 4 do gen"3%s..V.108 >
do.Bs r,eg..:..:iO7% Nj Cent gen 5s.':133%
do coup -..:... '.107% North Pac 4s.:.:.lO4% 1
Aichison gen 4s..lO3% do.3s..v. .-'? 74'
do «dj 4s .;.... 95V5 Norf &W con 4s:iO2^T
Bait & Ohio 4s...I03% Readings gen, 48?.. 33%
do 3%n ...;r... 95%JSt L.& I M c 5s.. 118 *
do conv 4s. .'. ...105% St L & S F*4s. .'.'. 37*.
Can South 2ds....llO St-'LSW lets.... 1)7
Cent of Ga 6s .V.. 107 «i --; do 2ds : r 77%
V->. do i St .,l?. C -V;""-iII % S A & Ar Pass i±-'S7%"-
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7.»-J South- Pac • 4b..— :03"£'
Chi & Alton 3%s.:S4UISouth Ry 5s " - 120%
'¦-. VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, . 2@4c ; . String • Beans . from - Los Angeles,
12%@20c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los Angelej
Tomatoes, ;75c@$l 50 per box" and • 75c@$l 75
per ' crate ; -Dried Peppers, 9@12%c per lb; Los
Angeles do, 15@17%c;'i Dried Okra, il2%@15c
per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Cucumbers;
50@€5c;, hothouse 1 do,- 50c@$l 50 . per ; dozen;
Garlic; i l 1 4@2%c; Los "Angeles Green : Peppers,
10@15c; Egg Plant from Los Angel-es, 15@20c;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, '$1@1. 50;
Marrowfat Squash, ¦ $8@10 per . ton ; ; Hubbard
Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms, nominal. - .• •
•"¦> POTATOES-Hi0c@$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 3O@1'65; Ore
gon c, Burbanks, :*: $1 25@1 65; -; Oregon . ; Garnet
Chiles, -$140@l- 50; River Reds, $1.45@1 60;
Karly Rose. Tor seed, $1 Clo@l 25; Sweets, $1@>
1*10 for Merced. J - . . > '."-.." ¦ . > ¦ . ; . . : • ;.- ?
r ONIONS— $1 5001 75 per ctl; Oregons,' $l'5O
@1.90.i.i , :•:..-, :r.-:--. r . -.,.>,' ¦¦ : - -..,. r ..,..- f .. -
¦.^Receipts of Potatoes iwere moderate. Prices
were j unchanged."" i Onions : are in better eupply
and easy; but no lower. ¦'..., . • ; . -
-^ ; Marrowrf at and ¦• Hubbard Squash are firm. ¦
: : String . Beans are scarce . and ] high, r Pea3
from { Los "Angeles arrived | In better | condition,"
but as ¦ poor, , stock has • been accumulating the
market continued weak. .' . ' '¦¦ .' ¦'
Potatoes, , Onions and Vegetables.
Cash 1 (quotations were, as follows:, I Flour,' 1
firm, ? 10c advance for standard brands; * No. 2 ,
spring :, wheat, 80@82c;/ No. 1 . 3. 4 soring, 78^4c;
No. 2 - red; 87@89c ; • No. ' 2 oats, ¦ 47@47 J /Jc ; No. ¦
2 white, ;40%@50c;-No. : <3': whitCi 48%@49%c;
No. 2 - rye, 67 % c ; f air to choice >¦¦ malting bar
ley,? 60064c; No. 1 ; flaxseed, , $1 69;v No.' 1
Northwestern, •; ?1 72;., prime.': timothy .1^ seed,
$6 55;-mess'Dork,'ner bbl, $10 75@16 95;jlard,
per 100 lbs, $9 SO@S 85: short ribs sidea (loose);
$8 40©S 50; dry salted * shoulders '(boxed), -7%
&TV,c;i short clear ¦ sides (boxed),' $8 85@8 95;
whisky, basis v of high ..wines, $1 32;' clover,
contract '£rade,\ $10. . ;.. .^ ¦ -¦_ ¦, ¦ ;-'«.- '¦''^ '¦
Articles- 1 . - \ -.;¦'. •¦Receipts. ' Shipments;
Flour, barrels ... .... ... . 5:5,000 ¦'¦'¦ 42,000
Wheat, bushels ..... . . .. 110.000 ' 33,000 '
Corn,, bushels ............. 153,000 -j ' ' «8,000 . :
Oats, bushels iKM.OOO; ; : V 25:1,000 A '
Rye. bushels ......... ..:.»< 5,000 ¦ ' >' 7,000 "'
Barley, bushels . . ; . ; . . ..-."27,000 ./ •* "*" ¦:-: 60,000 " :
On the ' Produce . Exchange to-day the" butter
market ,', was • steady; '-\ creameries, f 15@24%c;
dairies, 14®20c. Cheese, steady, 10 1 / i@ll%c.
Eggs, : strong; -fresh. • 2S®30c. - •'•¦ ¦ ¦
, . There • is / nothing new to , report ', in ;'. Beans."
The : market I is ; dull, but .very ' steadily, held. '
.BEANS— Bayos;, $2 50@2 60;%Small : White,
$2 75@3'15f Large -White.' $2 S0@3;,Pea; $3 50
@4 : Pink, % $2@2 20; ' Red, $2 50@3 ; r Blackeye.
$3 50@3 65;'Limas, $4'50@4 65; Red Kidneys,
|3 50@3 75 perctl. - .. -. .--,-¦- -
.; SEEDS— Trieste .Mustard, ¦ ?3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard - $3 25@3 50; . Flax, ;. $2 >'.0@2, 60; .'- Ca
nary,; 3%@3%c for' Eastern; Alfalfa,' from
Utah; ;8%c; Rape," Ii4@l%c; Hemp; 3%c per
pound.-—;.- #• - -¦ '- '¦'.'¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦¦•¦ ¦¦ . .
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25@1 65;" Green,
$1 25@160.per ctl; :-.,;¦ < . ¦ . .. -. -•¦-. - :=;
'Bean Si and Seeds.
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. -Deer
skins — Summer -or red -skins. 35c r fall or me
dium skins, •: 30c; winter or • thin t skins," 2Oc.
Goatskins — Prime , Angoras. • 75c : ; large and
smooth '50c; medium, 35c.- :." « ¦'• -". ~.
' TALLOW— No. f l'; rendered, 6% @6c per Id;
No.- 2, 4%@5c;' grease, 2%@3C - V-'
WOOL— Fall. .San' Joaqutn, -6@8c: San Joa
quin Lambs'. ; 7%@8tf c; Middle County' 8@10«
per lb; > Valley Oregon, spring, - 15@15%c; do,
fall. -14@15c per lb. ¦¦:¦¦ 0 ..-,.. - ¦¦•¦•¦ •--
¦ HOPS — 9<S>10c for fair and ll@12c per ID
for, good to choice. ; "Local dealers quote 10@15o
for shipment, v — ..."
' San Francisco Meat Market.. ,
v No further change Is visible In any deserip-
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : - " _ , __
.BEEF — 7%@8c for Steers .and 6%@7c per
lb for Cows... - ' ' " • _«^«
VEAL— Large. -7@Sc; small, S@10c , per lb.
'¦¦'¦ MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes. 7®Sc per
lb. ,--. -;- v-x - -.- - "".-' -¦ •
: LAMB— 9@9%C per lbi n -
.PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; sows. 20 per cent off;
boars. 30 ! per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
on" from 1 the -above quotations; dressed Hogs,
T«3%c. % ' ••¦: ;•:_______ • ' "'
y General' Merchandise. ,
; GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7e; lo- I
cal make;, less than Calcuttas ; ' Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece , Twine, 7%@Sc. >'« . /
COAL— Wellington; $9* per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; SeatUe, $7;' Bryant,' $6 50; Coos
Bay, ',. $5 50; ... Wallsend. ; $8 50;- Co-operative
Wallsend.. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egff,
jl5;'Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk ; and $17 in sacks; • Rocky 'Mountain de
scriptions. - $8 t 45 • per 2000 lbs ,: and $8 50 per
ton,': according to brand. ¦.'.- ¦'. '.;';>
OILS-^Callfornla Castor Oil. In cases. No. 12
,70c; pure, fl 20,; Linseed OH, lnljarrels, boiled.
72c;; raw, 70c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, B8c for
boiled ; and 54c : for raw . in barrels ; Lard Oil, ;
extra winter strained,- barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut,' 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in^.barrels, 70c; , cases, i75c; Sperm, pure, . 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per, gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases,, 42^c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels. for Ceylon.'and 58%c'for
Australian.' . ' -.'>- -- •
• COAL OIX^— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
ia%c;: Pearl Oil. In . caass, 2Oc;' Astral, 20o;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 2 -to, Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21 Vic; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-deeree Gas«_line. in bulk, 20c; In
cases,. 26% c. : . .. _. ...•„•» .¦
TURPENTINE — 61%c I Der gallon in cases
and attVac In drums and iron barrels.
-> SUGAR— The Western Suear^Refininjc Com
pany quotes, per lb.in 100-lb bags:
¦ Cubes, crushed and '. Fine ' Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.00c: Candy • Granulated. 4.90c;
Dry Granulated; 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c:
Fruit Granulated. 4.S0c: Beet Granulated (100
lb baers only), 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c: D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more: half-barrels, 25c mere; boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than' 75 barrels or ¦ Its equivalent. • Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c ;> boxef. 5.55c per lb.
.COFFEE — C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts , at this port' thus far this year at 248,
943 bags, against 175,243 during the same time
last -• year. The sales from first hands were
226,034 bags, against ¦158,237. The stock In
: first -hands January -'1 was 8719 bags,
against-*- 8796. '¦: The i, circular says : "De
cember has shown the ¦ usual holiday tone and
dealers ¦ have been ; indifferent buyers. _ Sales
since December \ 7 . have consequently fallen be
low normal, - the : figures ' being but 8730 bags,
against 17,011. during the preceding month.* . ;
j "Arrivals of • new crop, come in slowly and
the first parcels of any size. Just received, have
no L yet been itlaced. ¦/. ". . :
¦. '.'Receipts at Brazil ports have fallen off very
largely, but dullness : of trade has had its ef
fect in consuming 'centers, and the New York
market closes to-day weak at precisely the
figures of a month ago.'- •
1 "To-day's ; first hand stock , consists of 579
bags Costa. Rica, 80 Nicaragua, 2072 Salvador,
5716 . Guatemala, 511 Mexican - and 6608 bags
of other, kinds ; in all 15,566 bags, as against
13,452 bags same time last year." . ' , .
¦ To-day's first-hand asking prices are:
Costa . Rica — 13%@14c nominal for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 11%@12%c nominal for
.prime wasfied; 10%@llc nominal for good
washed; 10%@12%c for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@10%c , for fair to prime pea
berry; 10@llc for good to prime; 8V4@9Uo for
fair; 6@7%c for common to ordinary.
'Salvador — 12%@13c nominal for strictly
prime washed; 10}6@12c- nominal" for good, to
prime washed ; 9@10c nominal for fair washed ;
10&@ll}£c nominal -for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@10%c nominal for good to prime
semi-washed :t 954 @9% c nominal ' for. superior
unwashed; 9%c for good : green . unwashed ; 9®
9%c ¦ for good to superior unwashed peaberry ;
6@7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c nominal * for prime to
fancy 'washed; 9%@llc nominal ¦ for fair ito
strictly good washed; 8%@9i4c . nominal . for
good to i superior unwashed ; . 9@9 1 / aC nominal ' for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. " ¦ : " '
.- Guatemala"" and" . Mexican-^-12^@15%c for
prime to ' fancy ¦ washed; ll@ll%c for strictly
good washed; 10%@10%c for good washed; VV,
@10c for fair washed; 8@9c for medium; 6@7 1 / 4c
for inferior to ordinary ; v 10 1 / 'i@12c: for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9@9%c nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
-' Receipts} of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8.
Flour, qr sks. v . 41,912 Hides, No .... 204
Wheat, ctls . . . . 7,260 Pelts, i bdls * .... 4,670
Barley, ctls .... 9,170 Straw, tons .... • .33
Feed, • sks ...... 300 Hay," tons ....'. ¦ 812
Oats, sks ..... 2,565 Beans, sks .... = 149
Corn, sks ..... Lime,, bbls .... 226
Sugar, sks ;... 305 ' Potatoes, sks... 2,757.
.Tallow, ; ctls ..". 24 1 Bran. . sks -2,240
Wine, gals ..'.. Sa,240, Middlings; sks.. .975
Brandy, gals . . 2,600, Chicory, bbls . . 25
Leather, rolls .. ; 51 1 Onions, sks "... -'-768
- V. • WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. ' 5,088 Potatoes, sks... ' 319
Oats, ctls 11,322
Local stocks and bo)ids quid.
Silver and Domestic Exchange, firmer.
Sterling Exchange weaker.
Wheel futures higher again. Barley steady. .
Government opens bids for 4000 "tons of Oats.
Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
-Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans dull, but firmly held.
Nothing new in Butter, Cheese and, Eggs. ',
Evaporated Apples scarce and rising. ;
Provisions dull, both here and in the East.
Meat quotations stand as before.
Coffc? market, quiet.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged. ' ¦ -
Three cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Poultry and Game in moderate supply and steady.
9, F,^ Q new *»-'•• »6%*; Tex & Fac lsts. :il9% :
CM & St P g. 4s. 110;, Tol St L &,W 4s. 83%'
C & NW 6on7s..l40 : Union'Pac 4s...'.104i,i
C R I & p 4s. . . . .105% do conv 4s. . . .;1O6%
C C C & StL g 4s. 104 Wabash lsts .v:.118'2 :
Chi Term 4s...'..: 88^ • do 2ds= ........ -.114Vi y
Colo & South 4s.. 81% ¦: do deb B. ;..... 00%
Den & R G 4s;... 101% West Shore 4s: .: .112 H
Erie priortlien 4s. 100 Wheel & L. E 4s.. 91%
Ljto een 4s:.;.:/S9?i Wis Cent 4s.:.v.. 89%
Ft W & D C lsts.108. Con Tob 4s:....-.. 65%
' - i NEW. ,T0RKi MINING' STOCKS.
Adams Con ...:.. ,18] Little Chief '..;.: v 10
Alice ."." "..;': ,43 Ontario ........ i-. S 50
Breece ...... T5 Ophlr . . '. -b5
Brunswick Con....: 10 Phoenix ......... :•;> ''05
Comstock Tunnel. 05^4 Potosi ...*........ r 14
Con Cal& Va:.. 1 CO Savage ;.'..'/.....' 07
Deadwood Terra. .50 Sierra Nevada. . . x 20
Horn Silver: ..... 100 Small, Hopes ..... 40
Iron Silver .....; 60 Standard .. •.'.';... 3 45
Leadvllte Con.... 05 ..
-; ¦ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. V
-~ Money— -, : <¦ ., Mining— \
Call loans ...,4%@5% Adventure . '..";..: 18%
Time • loans ..V..4V6@6 Alloues .'.. ..:.... 2%
Bonds — - Amalgramated-'.., 71%
Atchison : 4s .... .102 Baltic . . . : .... 37
Mex Cent 4s..... 82% Blngham •'.:..-. .v.' 24 •
N E G & Coke... 56 Calumet & Hecla;600
Railroads—, Centennial.;..... 13 ¦'¦'
Atehison ......... 80^ Copper Range...'. 55 -
do prefd ...100% Dom Coal ........ 55%
Boston & Albany. 262 Franklin ¦ i . r. . . . .* 13 i
Boston & Maine ..191 Isle > Koyale '..... 21 -"'¦
Boston Elevated. . 160 Mohawk . '.-. r: • 30 •
N T N H & H...211 Old Dominion.... 23^
Fitchburg prefd. .144 Osceola .'. ... .. ; . 82
Union Pacific. . . .104 Parrot ". . . : . . . . . . 29%
Mex Cent . . ...... 27 >4 Qulncy :......: . . 130
'Miscellaneous — Santa Fe- Copper. 3 '
Am Sugar .1.123% Tamarack ...2(iO-'
Am Tel & Tel... .160 Vi Trlmountain - .... 32.
Dom Iron & Steel. 27% Trinity ....-......: 14V*
General Electric. .278 United States . . . 14 '
Mass Electric... 35^4 Utah ............ 22^
N EG & Coke... -5 IVictoria ......... 5
U S Steel.. ...44% Winona .......... 1%
do prefd ...... /95H ¦ W^olverine . . . . . .; 4l>«4
LONDON CLOSING BONDS. -. '.
Consols for money |N Y Cent.. ..:... 171%
.....: 93 11-16 Norf & West../.. 5SJ«
: do for acount... 93%. do prefd-. . .'. .. '.-93 ..
Anaconda 0V 4 North Pac prefd. :1O2 a
• Atchison ... . 81% Ont & Western ... 35
Co prefd ..'..... 104 Vj Pennsylvania • . . . . ' 76 Ms
Bait & Ohio 108 Reading ......:.. 26%
Can Pac ....117% .do 1st prefd.... 42
Ches & Ohio. ..... 4S% ! do 2d prefd. . . . ; 32%
¦Chi Gt Western.. 24 South Railway.'..' 34&
Chi M & St P. ...169 do prefd ........ 95vi
Den & R Grande. 45V«> South Pac ...... tilVj
do prefd' 94% Union Pacific .;.: .104^
Erie, 43% ' do prefd ......: UlMs
do. 1st prefd.. ...75*8 U S Steel ........ 45%
do 2d prefd'.... 62 do prefd......'.. U7%
111 Cent . 143 Wabash ......... 23
Louis-& Nash....lO8^i do prefd ... 43%
ifcK& T. ... 26% Spanish 4s ...... ,76?i
' Bar silver, 25 13-16dper ounce. Money, 2
@2Vi per cent. :, . ':¦¦
The rate of discount in the. open market tor
short bills is 3 per cent '..•.,"•:
- The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 3@>3 1-16 per cent.
v Receipts : , of : Hay. were ' large again, ; but ; : did
not affect | the market," j which ] continued j steady.
Feedstuffs : showed i no : further.' change. .
* "BRAN— ?1S@19 per ton. v ;.•-',, .'•
'.: MIDDLINGS— $19@20 50 per ton. v >• > '
; FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled c Barley, $1X 5O«?18 50
per ton ; Oilcake Meal at the mill/ S27@28 ; Job
bing, \ $28 50020; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal.';$31@31-B0; " Cracked ./; Corn, $31 50@32;!
Mixed Feed; $16 5O@17.50. ' « ;¦ "¦,¦/" v;-
:. .HAY— Wheat, i $9@11 50; : : fancy, $12@12 50;
Wheat and Oat. $9@12; Oat, $8@U; Barley and
Oat, |S@10; 1 Alfalfa," ?8@10;.; Clover/ $tt 50@
7, 60; . Volunteer, •« $0@S 50; Stock, S6®7 SO -. per
°STRAW-30@47%c per ¦bale.' ' : '^/ 7; ¦' %
Hay. and ' Feedstuff sJ
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
the Louisville distilling crowd which is -known
to : have » large - interests.' . ¦ To . ; this v quarter '¦¦ Is
credited | th&- mysterious ¦ buying orders : that "be- 1
grin to appear whenever May gets around S3%e,
and .which W to-day t set in > at . that *< figure ." and
brought ;a; firm < close.V %@%c higher.' at . 84 Vic.-;
Altogether, the market.was much mixed. 1 '¦-,', ¦» :
¦¦¦ iln; comparison >;with; wheat "the 'corn, market
was a 1 dull i affalr.Vi Professional selling % was i the
feature . ; and :. the ; fluctuations " were .' largely j the
result of", wheat/ Influence. s May ; closed . steady,
and unchanged "at 67 %c. " ; • - '
Oats .were strong throughout most; of the
session.. May closed firm,'; %@%c up,- at 46 Ts@
47c. :>S " ( \; .'¦ ¦.«.• r, ,'; -¦•.:¦..>¦•:-».<¦-! .-' ' ''•--:'¦'.'¦'¦¦¦
- Provisions Had a dull ''and featureless "market."
The, early ; hog market; was slow and .Influenced
an : easy opening, ".but- there ¦> was a small de
mand, at ¦ times i that I brought small advances ¦
May pork closed • 6c' up : lard and ribs ; a v shade
hieher.v -,'v »-..' ¦..'... - ,"."¦'•-¦, :¦'•?-';<¦:¦' ¦
.-•; The ; leading, futures ranged ,as follows: • '
¦•¦¦ .MILLSTDFFS— Prices*. In i sacks -are "¦ as "¦• fol
lows; -, usual 7 discount to "the .trade: • Graham
Flour',$3 'per .100 lbs;: Rye; Flour,. $2 75; Rye
Meal. %2 50; Rice Floury $7; .Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra 'cream; do," $4; ,Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25 ; : Buckwheat Flour, - $4@4 25 : Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; )* Farina, -. $4 50 ; r- Whole ; Wheat
Flour, -$3 25;, , Rolled : Oats*: (barrels), • $0 85@
8 35; -In sacks; $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per, 100 Ib3. \
Oregon,- $2 75@3 per barrel for, family and $3@
3 25 • for « Bakers' ; ? Washington * Bakers'. V ?3@
3 25.' ¦--;::•-.>. -•:.":¦- _: ¦,-¦•¦..-; -;;- . - - -_.;l ;. :\ >' \ t s . ¦ ¦•>¦:.¦.-.'
THE KAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, l,!>02;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAb MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
:* : Articles-^ •&¦¦>'.'.; Open. •' High. -' Low.. Close.
•' '.Wheat No. ¦: 2 ¦ ¦•-¦ -¦ ...... -.-:/<¦• ¦ --••¦':•-•."•¦¦'.'
January .....:. '79% 80 70%.', 80
May:: vv '.. •.:... 83% : . 83% ' 83% ,'84$
July- ...:. . ; . .v; -. S3% 83% I .¦: 82% " 83%
< . Corn .-No. : -2— ".-.•¦ . •¦¦:.* . ' ¦ : - r
January/ .'.;.... ; ..'-. ¦¦ /..: 63%
May,..:........- 07% 67% ' 6«% ; 67%
July ' , 6«4| .; tHj4| ¦: «GVi : ««%
Oats ; No. : 2 — > . - • . .
May;;.:...:.v. . : 47i '^ 47- . 46^ : 47
July ........... 41%- -,41% ' , 40% .. 41%
September. .;..•.' -33% ' 34%' '•¦" 33& - 33%
fc-Mess Pork, - per ' ¦ ¦•¦"¦' "•• -¦ -¦: '
January^.. ..:.. ic 80 ;i6 82W 16 80 ' 16 82
May ........."....IT 20-17 32V. 17,20 17 27H
July ...........17 25 17 30 •"• 17 22% 17 25
Lard, per 100; lbs— .' ¦ . ¦;
January ........ 9 SO " 9 82% 0 80 >9 80 ¦¦'
May ...:-....... 9 90 9 05 9 90 , 9 95
July..:... ..".... » 97 V- 10 00 i 9 97% 10 00
: Short Ribs, . per 100 lbs— ¦ v ¦'
January ."...-... .'. ¦> -, ¦"' i; •¦•¦.•. .... 8i47%
May ....:..-. . . . . 8 7S • S SO - 8 75 ¦ 88Q.i
FT
:a
THE COAST RECORD.
kTIOXS. -3 23 32=2 * " .
Astoria 30.06 52 44
Baktr 30. (Hi 50 36
Carson ... .30.02 M 28
Eureka.. 30.12 54 50
Fresno. .. .30.00 46 38
Flagstaff 30.08 56 14
Pocatello. Ida. 30.08 54 40
lndepende:ice..30.02 58 32
Los Angela.. .29. 98 70 44
Phoenix 29.92 78 38
Portland 30.08 54 50
Red Bluff 30.O* ti 40
Roseburg......30.10 58 48
fiacramento. . .30.00 46 40
Salt Lake 30.18 30 26
San Fram-iseo.30.06 W) 40
E. L. Obis ?o... 30. 02 70 ,36
Can Diego 29.98 C8 60
BeatUe 29.98 52 40
Bpokane..., ...30.00 50 42
Ne«h Hay 29.06 46 44
%VaJIa Walla. .30 .«2 58 46
¦Vl'innemucca. .30.08 48 16
Tumi... 29.92 76 44 :
XW
SE
E
' N . •;
KW
E
BE
SE
.W
Cm
sw
SE
S
S
N
NW
E
W
s .
sw
w •
NE
NE
KXf
Cloudy .70
Cloudy, .00
Cloudy .02
Cloudy .02
Cloudy .00
Clear • .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .12
Pt.Cldy .00
Pt.Cldy .30
Pt.Cldy -.00
Foggy .00
Pt.Cldy ,O0
Pt.Cldy .00
Clear ; .00
Rain .72
Pt.Cldy .03
1 Pt.Cldy 1.20
Cloudy .44
Cloudy .00
Pt.Cldy .00
FT
:a
THE COAST RECORD.
kTIOXS. -3 23 32=2 * " .
Astoria 30.06 52 44
Baktr 30. (Hi 50 36
Carson ... .30.02 M 28
Eureka.. 30.12 54 50
Fresno. .. .30.00 46 38
Flagstaff 30.08 56 14
Pocatello. Ida. 30.08 54 40
lndepende:ice..30.02 58 32
Los Angela.. .29. 98 70 44
Phoenix 29.92 78 38
Portland 30.08 54 50
Red Bluff 30.O* ti 40
Roseburg......30.10 58 48
fiacramento. . .30.00 46 40
Salt Lake 30.18 30 26
San Fram-iseo.30.06 W) 40
E. L. Obis ?o... 30. 02 70 ,36
Can Diego 29.98 C8 60
BeatUe 29.98 52 40
Bpokane..., ...30.00 50 42
Ne«h Hay 29.06 46 44
%VaJIa Walla. .30 .«2 58 46
¦Vl'innemucca. .30.08 48 16
Tumi... 29.92 76 44 :
XW
SE
E
' N . •;
KW
E
BE
SE
.W
Cm
sw
SE
S
S
N
NW
E
W
s .
sw
w •
NE
NE
KXf
Cloudy .70
Cloudy, .00
Cloudy .02
Cloudy .02
Cloudy .00
Clear • .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .12
Pt.Cldy .00
Pt.Cldy .30
Pt.Cldy -.00
Foggy .00
Pt.Cldy ,O0
Pt.Cldy .00
Clear ; .00
Rain .72
Pt.Cldy .03
1 Pt.Cldy 1.20
Cloudy .44
Cloudy .00
Pt.Cldy .00
:* : Articles-^ •&¦¦>'.'.; Open. •' High. -' Low.. Close.
•' '.Wheat No. ¦: 2 ¦ ¦•-¦ -¦ ...... -.-:/<¦• ¦ --••¦':•-•."•¦¦'.'
January .....:. '79% 80 70%.', 80
May:: vv '.. •.:... 83% : . 83% ' 83% ,'84$
July- ...:. . ; . .v; -. S3% 83% I .¦: 82% " 83%
< . Corn .-No. : -2— ".-.•¦ . •¦¦:.* . ' ¦ : - r
January/ .'.;.... ; ..'-. ¦¦ /..: 63%
May,..:........- 07% 67% ' 6«% ; 67%
July ' , 6«4| .; tHj4| ¦: «GVi : ««%
Oats ; No. : 2 — > . - • . .
May;;.:...:.v. . : 47i '^ 47- . 46^ : 47
July ........... 41%- -,41% ' , 40% .. 41%
September. .;..•.' -33% ' 34%' '•¦" 33& - 33%
fc-Mess Pork, - per ' ¦ ¦•¦"¦' "•• -¦ -¦: '
January^.. ..:.. ic 80 ;i6 82W 16 80 ' 16 82
May ........."....IT 20-17 32V. 17,20 17 27H
July ...........17 25 17 30 •"• 17 22% 17 25
Lard, per 100; lbs— .' ¦ . ¦;
January ........ 9 SO " 9 82% 0 80 >9 80 ¦¦'
May ...:-....... 9 90 9 05 9 90 , 9 95
July..:... ..".... » 97 V- 10 00 i 9 97% 10 00
: Short Ribs, . per 100 lbs— ¦ v ¦'
January ."...-... .'. ¦> -, ¦"' i; •¦•¦.•. .... 8i47%
May ....:..-. . . . . 8 7S • S SO - 8 75 ¦ 88Q.i
an JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.
~ ¦ Trains' leave Third and Townsend at 1, 8, 9
and 10:20. . . • ¦ • ¦ . ,- ¦ -
AUCTION SALES
. AUCTION SALE
DASHAWAY STABLES, 138 SOflTO
SECOND STREET, SAN JOSE.
SATURDAY, January 11, at 12 o'doct
I will sell the contents of above stables, con-
sisting of 40 horses, 30 sets harness, 2 three*
seaters, 4 surreys, 40 buggies of all kinds,
blankets, robes, safe, office fixtures.HONGKON'O-rArrived Drfor to Jan 8 — Stmr
Kinshu Maru, from Seattle, Kobe, 1 Victoria and
Yokohama. » •
Ocean Steamers.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.-Private ad
vices received here to-day from hi&h
Catholic sources at Rome Indicate that
Cardinal Martinelli, the Papal Ablegate
to this'country, is likely to be retained
here until next May and possibly later.
Martinelli May Remain.
¦ The police, after thorough Investigation,
believe Sternitsky's narrative to be,abso
lutely "correct, \ and the '',. only .: one that
clears up much of, the mystery which has
enveloped the tragic affair. The, version
of. the shooting as griven 'by Peter .Newell
i3 not given credence at police bsr&mYt
ters. ; . ,
: Jrrpbrtaht facts have" been learned .'by
inc. i>Ciu <¦ in connection with the shooting
of : Uichard ¦ Gorman In West ; Oakland on
Monday night by Edward Flanigan, that
lend, to put a different light on the story
of . the ' tragedy • that has been •. heretofore
told. : . Robert Sternitoky, • a contractor, re
siding at 1464 Thirteenth street, says that
he was ; the only - witness ' of . the " row ¦' In
Austin O'Brien's store from Its inception
to i its , fatal ending.- He • contradicts the
statements of O'Brien and his clerk, Peter
Newell. ; Sternitsky says that he believes
Flanigan did not shoot Gorman,. but that
in ; the scuffle that ensued , between • them
Gorman . accidentally j fired the bullet • into
his/; own ••' body. s,, ,-•-. •¦'.¦¦.;•- '. ' ¦\-'i: T -.- '-
Oakland Office" San Francirco Cail,
. -. HIS Broadway, Jari.S,.
sion of the Tragedy at
Oakland. •
Iiobert Sternitsky. Gives. a New- Ver-
THINKS GORMAN DURING ; ,
fv- liSCtfFFLE'SHOT HI1ISELF
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Frances Bettencourt from Johu E Bet
lencourt for desertion, Duncan McD
Bayne from Elizabeth 'Bayne for deser
tion, William F. Bauer from Annie Bauer
on statutory grounds. Edith McClandress
Irom Georsr<! A McClandress for neglect
and Kate Fleischer from- Charles Fleisch
er for extreme cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Harry Grace against Mary Grace for de
sertion and Elizabeth Schneider against
Carl Schneider for desertion. -
The trial of the Cheyney suit for main
tenance was resumed in Judge Slogs'
court yesterday^ Cheyney was examined
1)>- Attorney EC C. McPlke. The mining
man related how he first met the woman
who claims to be his wife, and their man.
ncr of living since the acquaintance was
formed.
In the Divorce Court.
•George L. Robinson, Indian agent. Fort Ber
tholdt Agrency, N; . D. ; George ; P. Bennett,
Register of ¦ the trftnd Office . at Rapid . City.
B.--P.i''- V .-- ¦•••¦'-•¦ >:: " •' '-•-¦-- .'-.•'--¦ --¦¦ '
; United States . Marshals— Edward W. Ken
nedy, district of South Dakota; B. F. Daniels
Territory of Arizona,! . -•-. ¦ \
¦ United States Attorneys— Frederick S. Nave..
for 1 Arizona;- Sardls Summerfleld, district or
Nevada.' : " '"r.-'-.'Ai; '¦ > '¦-'•¦• ¦'*. : ,- . ¦•• .
¦-"• Henry C Payne, Wisconsin, Postmaster Gen-
John R. Al ; Crossland, Missouri, Minister
Resident and Consul General to Liberia. '
Alphonso J. Lesplnasso, New .York, Consul
at Tuxpan, Mexico, i- . ' . .. .
Treasury — Conrad N. Jordan, Assistant Treas
urer of the United States at New York; George
W. Whltehead, Appraiser of Merchandise, dis
trict of -New York, v ,..— ,. ,..
¦Surveyor of Customs, Robert G.Pearce;,port
of Rock Island., 111. / .
1 W. . S. 4 Graham, Surveyor General . of C&IU
Leslie M. Shaw^; Secretary of the Treasury.
Nominations' by Roosevelt.
• WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— The President
to-day sent the j following nominations to
the Senate: V 1 -¦:.-. ' : : ¦¦-. :.\
Dr. J3. S. Pross, who eaid he was a guest
at the Grand Hotel, reported to the po
lice yesterday that shortly after midnight
he was knocked down and robbed on Ellis
street, between Jones and Leavenworth,
by two men. They took his gold watc^i
and diamond scarfpln. He had previously
been playing poker in the Cafe Royal.
Detective DInan was detailed on the
case, and on calling at the Ctrand Hotel
was Informed that Dr. Pross was un
known there.
Besides the. hold-up and brutal attack
made upon William Loos on the Potrero
Hills Tuesday night a similar assault was
made on, Robert E. Harloch, a laborer
employed at the Risdon Iron Works. Har
loch lives at 245 Shipley street, and was
returning from ' work Tuesday evening
¦when he vaE attacked by five men at the
foot of Sixth street. One presented a re
volver at his head and ordered him to
throw up his hands, while another struck
him on the back of the head with some
blunt instrument, knocking* him ¦' dowo.
The men then robbed him of $4, a knife,
tobacco and a handkerchief.
Nightfall and Bobbed of Their
Valuables.
Two More Citizens Assaulted After
VICTIMS OF FOOTPADS
" COMPLAIN TO THE POLICE
NEW YOItK. Jan. S.— The following
Californians arc in New York: From San
Francisco-A. H. May, at Vendome;' H.
N. Terrell. ; t Sturtevant: J. H. Fiegcn
haum \\. E. Smith, at Herald Square.
I*™*™ S &5E?gJ& V - c °l»ns. at Hol
\*? ™ c - ti£: H< ?ugh. at Continental.
3-rom San I>iegro— U. S. Grant Jr C
Grant, at Holland. Proa San Jose-Hi
Haven, at Hoffman From Oakland-H.
'•• Thomas and wife, at Cosmopolitan
M r ur? HiU Barbara ~ J - T - Richard", at
Californians in New York. •
- The Interesting case of Dr. Lazeare
who at. the instance' of Johns Hopkins
University and of the Government went
to Cuba and submitted himself to inocu
lation to yellow fever through mosquito
bites and died from the disease thus con
tracted, was brought to the. Senate's at
tention :-by, McComas, who- ,. inquired
whether Dr. Lazeare's widow would • be
entitled, to a pension. No. decision war
reached/but it .was the opinion of Sen
ators Gallinger and Cockrell that she had
no pensionable status. ¦ " '
SENATE WILL LIMIT
, ALL PENSION CLAIMS
Committee Not to Recommend Merc
Than §50 a Month for General
Officer's Widow-.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— During consid
eration by the Senate '.to-day of private
legislation some statements were made by
GaUinger, chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, in respect. to regulations adopt
ed by. the committee to govern it In con
sideration of private pension - bills. He
announced that none but absolutely mer
itorious cases would be presented to the
Senate for its ' consideration and that the
closest scrutiny would be given by the
committee to every, bill introduced. ' He
said that ; no pension exceeding $50 a
month- would .<: 'be recommendtd by the
committee for tire widow of a general of
ficer and that pensions for the widows of
other' officers .would" be scaled" down pro
portionately. .: -. ' ¦
WASHINGTON. Jan. £.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
N'ormandie. Frank L. Coombs. Califor
nia. St. Jaraes— D. McLeod, San Fran
cisco; F. M. AFhloy. Los Angeles; D. A.
Oarmichacl. San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
HOLLISTER. Jan. * S.— Mrs. William
Ashurst, wife of the oil magnate of Valle
citos, committed suicide this morning by
swallowing carbolic acid. The act fol
lowed a reproof by her husband.
Oil Magnate's Wife a Suicide.
I hope you will" describe the < true situation
to her Majesty, the Empress Dowager, and
persuade her to put the Manchurlan affair In
your hands, bo that I may negotiate with you
alone. . This, In my opinion. Is the only way to
prevent ' the .- province from falling into the
hands : of a* foreign' power. . ¦¦•'• -¦<-.-
It is for this reason that Russia insists on
keeping this lnriDortant territory under her
nominal control until China is strong - enough
to take it back. If we disregard the welfare
of China and evacuate Manchuria at the pres
ent moment I am sure that no sooner have our
troops left the place - than ' those of some : one
or another of. the foreign powers will step In
and make ¦ permanent occupation. This state
ment. It is expected. ' will , be . a sufficient - ex
planation why we refuse to give up Manchuria
now.'.-:.. ;v .'•¦•'¦ '. •¦• :-.' -. . ' , ¦ ¦ . ..;¦ ;.;¦-
But after careful consideration, we find that
it is not at all opportune for. us to do so now.
And' the reason is obvious, for China' is new
ly . defeated ' and : is . saddled with * the burden
•of unprecedented indemnity. It is not within
her power, to raise sufficient funds to organ
ize and maintain a strong army in Manchuria
to defend' It. But unless Manchuria Is strong
ly garrisoned it is impossible to prevent for-'
elgm powers from casting a greedy eye on the
province.- ' : "¦••¦ . - .
As general peace has been restored and. the
court is about to return - to the old capital.
It appears' reasonable • that ' we .- should hand
beck Manchuria to its proper owner .to quiet
the minds of those who are inclined to sus
pect that Russia Is aiming at absorbing and
annexing this important' territory. . ' .
. With reerard to - Manchuria. It is a place
where the present dynasty has had its origin.
How can the Chinese Government oermit a
number of wolves and tigers to intrude .into
this important province- of the Chinese Empe
ror? But we knew that unless we stepped for
ward China -would be -powerless against those
wolves andtigreis. • We, • therefore. mad» haste
in dispatching; a strong .army southward • to
protect this province from being invaded by
the other powers, and our action In this mat
ter has had its desired effect, for by our
strenuous and prompt efforts . peace and order
have been gradually restored throughout Man
churia, and no foreign tftwer dared to . touch
the province. Thus the sovereignty of China
in ths province has been maintained.
We bave tried and done everything in. our
power to protect the interests of China, and
Jt Js for this that we have earned the im
p'.acable hatred of all tho other powers.
The late Li Hung Chang was a very far
sighted and able statesman, who had always
been ¦ on friendly terms with us because he
knew that Russia' was the only true friend of
China. - ¦
Unfortunately the Boxer disturbances broke
out last year and all the fore.ign powers took
advantage of the occasion to e'end their hostile
armies into China. Though we tried to re
frain from participating in the expedition In
vain, we labored most strenuously to persuade
the allied forces to evacuate Peking as soon
as . the legations had been relieved. Subse
quently, when the Japanese attempted to
snatch the power of policing the city or Peking
from the hands of the Chinese authorities, we
stood obstinately in their way and so their
unreas-onablwoU'-mpt was frustrated^ AVbvn
all the alH«r powers joined together in dic
tating to China the punishments of those Chi
nese officials who were suspected by them . of
having countenanced: the' Boxers, we exerted
every effort to get as many officials exempted
from punishment as possible, in order to pro
tect the dignity pf your country. It is -need
less tp say that it was entirely due to , our
strong and persistent opposition that your Ex
cellency was not included in the list. •
As your Excellency is doubtless aware, the
territories of our two countries are in touch
with each other and among foreign countries
Russia is the nearest neighbor of China from
a geographical point of view. Everything that
affects the interests cf the one equally affects
those of the other. In consequence of this
Russia has always looked forward to the day
when China may be prosperous and powerful.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 8.— According to
advices from Kaifeng-fu by the Empress
of India, the Tung Wen Hupao publishes
a confidential, letter addressed to the
Grand Counselor, Yung Yu, by the Rus-*
sian Minister, M. Lessar, - immediately
after the death of the late LI Hung
Chang. The document Is Bald to have
been obtained from Japanese sources and
is as follows:
Steps are to be taken by • the ¦ board to
punish those whoare practicing medicine
without taking the precaution of •¦ secur
ing the credentials necessary. The board
decided to ask the State Board of Medi
cal Examiners to prosecute all Illegal
practitioners. • - : '
The board also decided to take meas
ures ' to • prevent the . feeding of.tubercu
lous horseflesh to chickens. An attempt
will be made to prohibit the shipment of
diseased horses from ! this city • to : Peta
luma. If ; this method fails the board
will attempt to prohibit the sale of the
Petaluma chickens in* this city. The
l»oard decided on- this step rafter an in
vestigation by which it was learned that
many of the "horses which are ground
into chicken feed are infected. v
Some of the members of the board
even advocated ' the exclusion of j con
sumptives from this city, but It ' was
finally decided, that such a., rigorous
movement is not necessary at the pres
ent time. , % ' ' - '.;.
If the intentions of the members of the
State Board, of Health as expressed in
the meeting which was held yesterday
afternoon In the F,erry building are car
ried into effect persons . infected with
tuberculosis will no 'longer be permittetd
to mingle with the general public. The
board passed a resolution requesting the
County Board of Health to segregate all
tuberculous patients. Thls*tep was taken
after a .prolonged discussion, the I board
deciding that inasmuch as tuberculosis is
contagious- it would jeopardize the health
of the public to allow people who are af
fected with it to be at large. '
Russian Minister Sends
Amusing Note to
Yung Yu.
State Board of Health
Takes Up 'Matter of
Tuberculosis.
OAKLAND, Jan. 8.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Charles M. From
bold, 40, and Elizabeth Schulz, 30, both
of Oakland; Reginald W. ilarham, 21.
and Margaret A. Digglna, IS, both of
Oakland; Anthony Aguire, 34. and Frances
E. Phunny, 2D. both of San Francisco;
John F. 'Woodward, 53. Oakland, and
Sarah Mordant, 45, Victoria; Charles S.
Burns, 21 and over, and Eudora E. Hunt,
19 and over, both of Oakland; AUvan Z.
Sargent, 29, San Francisco, and Craee E.
M. Read, 21, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
'• Mr. and , Mrs. Mounlford Wilson, . Mr and
Mrs. George Cope,- Mr. -and Mrs. F.^ S.- Moody"
Mr. ' and - Mrs; ¦-• Sidney :¦ Cushlng-, Mr. and Mrs.
Sam Knight. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hooker. Mr
and ' Mrs. - Robert Woods, ; Mr. - and ' Mrs • Freder
ick : W. Tallant, : Mr. - and • Mrs. Geor'ce ' Lent
Miss ; Hooker and ' Mr. : Newhall; •; . ¦ - «i V ¦; y -. „-
v Mrs. /Austin G. Tubbs. gave a delightful
dinner in the Palace conservatory before
the charity, ball ! to ¦ twenty - of the I guests
who' were going to 1 , attend; .. The.- large
round table was simply but prettily deco
rated with flowers/ leaves and candelabra 1
The guests, were:' • • .-.v.;-
• /-•¦ • ; ¦» •
Mrs; Paul R.'Jarboe. white accordeon-pleated
chiffon over. white' satin; berthe of real lace*
cream satin • ribbon. ¦;. -¦'¦¦*--•: -••¦'¦
Miss Bernice Landers, pale lavender crepe de
chine and . cream Renaissance t lace,-, cut . a la
princesse and en traine, with plaited flounces
of ' chiffon. ../.*' * - ..¦¦,..' •¦-•!' ¦ • -».. .
• :Mlss GeorBie -' Hopkins,' ' white liberty Vailk
over white taffeta. -with panne velvet dots -
Mrs. . W. E. Lester/ cream lace over white
silk crepe ;>red roses. .
V Miss Genevleve King, black Jet and lace
over black, silk." '
' Miss • Louphborough, white lace over white
satin; -turquoise velvet. •. ,. . . r ¦ .
Mrs. - F. - A. - Frank, -white ,. Renaissance silk
over, white chiffon. -,.-. -,. ,¦ -.-.. .
;¦:¦ Mrs. > William HInckley, jvhite spangled lace
over pink ; silk. "¦¦¦ *. ¦ . r. - r i . v
V Miss 4 Kathryn - Robinson, . ; cream , brocaded
satin with berths of : point lace. : . ; . -..-¦• » - .
Miss - Kate Herrin, • heavy cream ¦ lace over
white silk, cut a la princesse and en traine,
with plaited chiffon flounces. < ¦
Mrs. George Sperry, .pale-blue satin, with
garniture of .white .Chantilly lace.
Miss Elsie Sperry, white tucked batiste over
white silk, . with Valenciennes lace. • .
" Miss Carrie ' Taylor, ' pink satin, . elaborately
tweked. . . . •:.*. '•
Mrs. Walter Martin Jr., black jet over white
silk, with panels of black velvet ribbon;.lav
ender orchids; -' - . '. : ¦ ' -,
Miss- Edith' Preston, black : lace,' elaborately
embroidered with *_ jet, over, black silk: decol
lete and . en train; , accordion plaited I flounces
ofsllk.-- • . -'. :- 'V • :-.. ¦ ¦ .......
Mtes Bernice IJrown, white peau de sole and
cream. lace. kS&&&jB&-* : <'-','' ¦ ¦ ;
-Miss Edith MoBean, white silk,, cream lace
insertion embroidered with spangles, black vel
vet ribbon.- :
Miss Edith Huntington, cream lace over
white ;silk.~. <>-; . ¦ - ' . ,. . . •
Miss Collier,;, pink chiffon over pink satin;
flounce draped with bunches- of violets: narrow
black velvet ribbon.*- ¦ . -
Mrs. J. A.Folger.' crsam satin with ermine
garniture; large pink silk roses on bodice.
' Mrs. Sara Knight, turquoise blue velvet with
heavy cream' Iacc insertion and lace flounces.
' Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle. white satin and
lace, embroidered with spangles. : .
Miss Sophie Borel, pink silk brocade, ap
pllqued with silver-spangled lace butterflies.
Miss Alice Borel, white chiffon with trim
mings, of tucked chiffon and embroidered pan
tsies. ¦• ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' ; ¦' ' ' • ' .. - ¦ * .'. . ,-¦¦;¦¦¦¦¦.¦;
Miss Grace Spreckels. pink chiffon over pink
Bilk, with cream lacs; decollete: and en train;
pink accordion plaited flounces. . •
Miss Lillian. Spreckels, pale ' blue chiffon
over dlk. with insertions of white lace; dec
ollete and en train. ¦
Mrs. Lawrence Scott, white lace, embroid
ered and spangled with silver, over pink silk.
Mrs. Nuttall, . white point d' esprit over
white silk: sarnlture narrow bands of white
satin ribbon. ¦ .
Mrs.- George Lent, heavy cream satin, cut
a la Princess, with tucks at waist: en train;
garniture of gold band*, wide . point lace
flounces and large yellow Bilk roses. .
Mrs. Austin G. Tubbs, black velvet- and
black lace elaborately spangled with Jet; en
train, with under flounces, of plaited liberty
silk. ¦ '
- Princess PoniatowskJ, black . chantilly lace
over white »Jlk, with garniture pi black vel
vet ribbon and black net.
Most of the. ladies interested in the
orphana'ge assisted In receiving. Those
who thus Officiated were: Mrs. William B.
Bourne, Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett, Mrs*
Daniel Drysdale, .Mrs. Eastern, Mrs. F. A.
Frank, Mrs. George W. Gibbs, Mrs. Jo
seph T>. Grant, Mrs. W. B. Hooper, Mrs.
James Lincoln, Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle,
Mrs. A. W. Moore, Mrs. William Ford
Nichols, Mrs. William R. Smedberg, Mrs.
William S. Tevis, Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs,
Mrs. Mountford Wilson and Mrs. Russell
J. Wilson. '
Edward M. Greenway acted as floor
manager.
Many artistic and costly gowns were
worn. Among the more noticeable were:
The charity ball for the benefit of the
Armitage Orphange, given at the Palace
Hotel last night was well attended. ¦¦ The
maple room, tho;marble room, the conser
vatory and the "ballroom were brightened
with the brilliant assemblage of men and
women in elaborate evening dress. C6vers
were laid in the maple room for 225 guests.
The ballroom was decorated with palms
and other foliage and the best music
greeted the dancers.
Joseph S. f pear Jr., who was recently
commissioned for another term of four
vears as Surveyor of Customs of San
FranciFco. has returned from the East-
Mrs. Spear came home with him.
Francis T. Underbill, the polo player
has returned from an extended visit to
New York ar.d is at the Palace: He will
leave for his home at Santa. Barbara in
a few days.
Thomas J. Kirk. State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is own from Sac
ramento and is at the Palace.
M. H. Flint, connected with the railwav
mail service, with headauarters at Loa
Angeles, Is among the arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
Thomas P. Cosgrave, editor of the Ma
aera Mercury, is in this city with his
bride, nee Pn»ciado.
Dr. T. G. I^y. a prominent phvsician
of Sacraments, is at the Grand.
F. Hewlett, who conducts a general
merchandise business at Napa. is at the
Grand.
P. Charlebois. Sheriff of Ventura, is at
the Lick.
R. P. Quinn a merchant of Watsonville.
is a guest at the Grand.
James A. Hamilton, a stage owner of
Poscadero. is at the Rues.
M. L. Morri:;. a rancher of Crows Land
ing, is staying at the Russ.
Alexander Kaiser, a well-known resident
of Stockton, is at the Palace.
Francis Cutting, a merchant of Stock
ton, is registered at the Lick.
Personals.
Rear Admiral Schley will make no state
ment concerning the character of the ap
peal he will make to the President. It is
expected that it will be a. -voluminous
document, which will follow to a consider
able extent the bill of exceptions which
was submitted to Secretary Long. In view
of the prospect that Attorney General
Knox will examine the proceedings of the
court, there is considerable comment as to
his attitude with respect to Rear Admiral
Schley.- Knox has not taken sides in the
controversy. It is recalled that he denied
the request of the Navy Department last
summer to designate an assistant attor
ney general to assist the judge advocate
In cross-examination of witnesses called
during the-investigation. This has created
the impression that he Is an admirer of
Rear Admiral Schley. The Navy Depart
ment has no objection, however, -to a
reference of the whole matter to him for
review. \
It was suggested to-day that the Presi
dent in consenting to review the proceed
ings of the court has reflected upon the
honesty and judgment of the officers com
posing it. As a matter of fact, the Presi
dent has a high opinion of Admiral Dewey
and of Rear Admirals Ramsay and Ben
ham, and there, is reason to believe- that
he acquainted Rear Admiral Schley with'
his opinion of these officers. - . .
.This means that no legislatttm for the
benefit of Rear'Admiral Schleywill be en
acted during the present session. If a
resolution should be adopted , legislating
the rear admiral into the grade of vice
admiral it will be vetoed by the President.
Secretary Long and the court itself will
riot assist in the review of the proceed
ings of the court which investigated Rear
Admiral conduct, which will be
made by the President and Attorney Gen
eral, except to give assistance in supply
ing ¦ Information should it be ' desired. ------
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— Pending ac
tion by the President upon the appeal of
Rear Admiral Schley, no action will be
taken upon the numerous bills in behalf
of that officer which have been Introduced
in the Senate and House. / ¦ ' » ¦ -• :
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
President J. J. Hill of the Great North
ern, President C. S. Mellen of the North
ern Pacific, President E. H. Harriman of
the Southern Pacific and J. C. Stubbe,
traffic manager of the Union Pacific-
Southern Pacific systems, were absent,
and Chairman Knapp of the commission
announced that owing to the fact that
the gentlemen mentioned were best quali
fied to give complete and comprehensive
testimony concerning the matter In hand
It had been thought best to postpone the
investigation until these witnesses could
be brought before the commission. He
declared that if necessary the witnesses
would be compelled by court . subpenas
to attend. Hill, he said, had sent a spe
cial messenger with proper excuses and
had expressed his willingness to appear
before the commission at any other time.
No word was received from Harriman.
Stubbs, it was announced, had been ill of
the grip for two weeks and was at pres
ent confined to the bouse.
CHICAGO. Jan. 8.— Owing to the ab
sence of necessary witnesses the inquiry
of the Interstate Commerce Commission
into the workings of the "community "of
interest" plan of the railroads was to-day
postponed until January 24 and the com
mittee itself adjourned to meet in Chi
cago at that date. Presidept Harris of
the Burlington and Darius Aiker, said to
be slated for the traffic directorship of
the Northwestern lines If their consolida
tion is not prevented, were present, as
were a number of other railroad men.
The transportation committee of the
Kansas City Board of Trade has decided
to aid ' the commission, and the freight
agents here may follow the example set
by their superior officers in Chicago yes
terday and confess all they know. The
Chicago testimony has put a new face on
the hearing here and grain shippers are
wondering what tack they should take.
Several freight agents wired their gen
eral officers at Chicago and St. Louis to
day for instructions.
"I thought the hearing would prove a
farce," said a freight official to-day, "but
it begins to look mighty serious since the
'nigh cards' have confessed."
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 8.— The In
terstate Commer'e Commission will take
up its investigation here to-morrow, con
sidering freight rates on grain and grain
products from Western points to the At
lantic seaboard and other Eastern desti
nations. The commission has subpenaed
the. freight agents of 'nearly all of the
Kansas City railroads, besides a number
of grain dealers.
President Will Veto Any
. Legislation in Be-
half of Schley.
A Big Stir Is Made by
Interstate Commerce
Commissicn.
CZAR "BLARNEYS"
SUCCESSOR OF LI
Bullet Wound in the Head .of. One
Gives Evidence of a
Murder.
VENTURA, Jan. 8.— There are two dead
Mexicans in the Morgue. One of them has
a bullethole in his head. It appears that
this man was murdered and it is probable
that the murderer will never be captured.
The body of Pedro Garcia was found on
Monday on the beach by comrades, who
had been sent to search for him. From
the appearance of the body Garcia had
been shot while running from some one.
Yesterday the body of an unknown Mex
ican was found on the county road near
the old Pauline ranch at Camarlllo. The
man was about 35 years of age, weighed
150 pounds and was five feet seven inches
tall. At the Coroner's inquest nothing as
to his identity could be learned.
TWO DEAD MEXICAN'S
• IN VENTURA'S MORGUE
At an informal meeting of the Califor
nia members of the House to-day it was
unanimously agreed that the delegation
would eppose the ratification of all reci
procity treaties whose provisions would be
injurious to the interests of California.
Representative Metcalf to-day intro
duced a bill granting to the San Francisco
and Piedmont Railway the right to us©'
for terminal purposes a part of Yerba
Buena, or Goat Island, in San Francisco
Bay. .
Tfcese pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— William O. Jones, Veter
ans" Home, Napa. $8. Increase— John Hee
nan. Veterans* Home, Napa, HO; Levt J.
Newlan, Monrovia, $12. Widow— Mary C.
Thomas, San Francisco, $8.
Washington: Increase— Milton Baremor,
Arctic, $10.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.-The Po3tofflca
Department.to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmaster appointed, California—
G. Schonewald, Del Monte, at Monterey.
Monterey Count7. vice William A. Jun
ker, resigned. . * .
The following army orders were promul
gated: First Lieutenant Cosam J. Bart
lett, assistant surgeon, relieved from duty
at the Presidio of San Francisco- and or
dered to Fort Liscum, Alaska, relieving
contract Surgeon James T. Arwine, as
signed to duty at San Francisco.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal, Service
OF INTEEESTTO PEOPLE
¦".-;•' ¦;" .0F # THE PACIFIC COAST
SHIPPERS FEAR
THE INQUIRY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— Miss Julia
Foraker, youngest daughter, of Senator
and Mrs. Foraker, was married at her
parents' residence here to-day to Francis
King Wainwrlght of Philadelphia. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. Dr.
Mackay Smith and was followed by a
reception at which about 500 guests were
present. The jewels worn by the bride
were gifts — a crescent of diamonds from
her father and a collar of pearls from
the groom. Senatorial, diplomatic and so
cial circles were largely represented in
the guests attending the reception. The
bride received a number of elegant gifts,
which made a glittering collection.
Foraker's Daughter Is Married.
NO PROMOTION
THIS SESSION
The examination promises to drag, along
for some days, and some -interesting pro
ceedings are expected. "Many of the wit
nesses subpoenaed nn . both sides are
prominent politicians, and their examina
tion is expected to touch upon- local poli
tics. . • -
As Delmas, counsel for Hichborn, had to
go to San Francisco, an adjournment was
taken at noon until to-morrow, morning.
General : Harrison Gray Otis, editor and
owner of the Times, .followed along the
same lines. He told of Newberry's visit
to the Times office, but denied that he had
denounced the writer of the article; neith
er did he take Captain Newberry to City
Editor Andrews to get the information.
Harry Andrews, city editor of, the
Times, was then called. He denied hav
ing told Captain Newberry that Franklin
Hichborn had sent 'them the. article, but
after, much questioning said that Henry
E. Miller, of San Jose had written the ar
ticle and sent it to the Times. . The wit
ness I and Mr. ¦ Dishman, a correspondent
of the Times at Sacramento, had edited
the article. They had cut out parts of -it
and changed the wording in other places.
He exonerated Hlchborn.
. Justice Wallace's courtroom was crowd
ed this morning. Franklin Hlchborn, who
charges Newberry with criminal libel, re
sumed his testimony. He again denied all
knowledge of the Los Angeles Times' ar
ticle or its writer.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 8.— A sensation was
created at the preliminary examination of
Captain of Police Perry Newberry on the
charge of criminal libel this morning by
City Editor Andrews of the Los Angeles
Times testifying that the article calling
San Jose "the Sodom of the Pacific Coast"
was written by Henry E. Miller of this
city. This was a surprise to the defense.
Miller Is an. ex-student of the State.* Nor
mal School and was refused a diploma at
that Institution because he was not
deemed fit mentally to teach. Since then
Miller has been endeavoring to obtain a
diploma from the. faculty of the school
through an action in court. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Father Comerford is 83 years old, which
makes the cure all the more remarkable.
Two months ago Father Comerford
placed himself under the care of Dr. J.
U. Hall of this city, who had just re
turned from a two years' study in Eu
rope. A daily treatment of fifteen min
utes under the X-ray was commenced.
After the twentieth treatment It could be
seen that the cancer was healing. From
that time up t& the thirtieth treatment the
affected parts healed rapidly until the
cancer has entirely disappeared, leaving
onlv a scar.
SAN JOSE3, Jan. 8.— A remarkable cure
of a cancer of twenty years' growth has
been effected in this city by means of the
X-ray, In the case of Father Comerford,
D.D., an aged Catholic priest, who makes
his . home in the O'Connor Sanitarium.
The cancer was of the lupus class, or
skin cancer, and has been gradually
spreading over the priest's face. Prom
inent physicians of France and this State
had pronounced It Incurable and Father
Comerford had- despaired of ever finding
relief. The lupus covered almost the en
tire left Bide of the face and chin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHARITY BALL
DRAWS SOCIETY
TO THE PALACE
Minister Conger is endeavoring to re
store friendly relations at Newchwang.
He is urging the United- States Consul
there, Henry B. Miller, to co-operate
with the Russian authorities in suppress
ing and punishing violence. ¦ The steps
taken are so far seriously handicapped by
the action of the Russians, who refuse to
allow foreigners to use the telegraph line.
The foreigners at | Newchwang attribute
the trouble largely to lack of tact upon
the part of the Administrator.
The memorandum presented by the
Russian Minister to the United States
Minister here related to various alleged
assaults committed by Americans. On
one occasion, it was asserted, three sail
ors attacked a. sentry, and owed their
lives to the sentry's forbearance in not
exercising his right to shoot. The Ad
ministrator demanded that the United
States Consul . try the offenders, but the
commander of the Vicksburg, E. B.
Barry, wrote a curt refusal.
Relations between • the American and
British Consuls and . naval commanders
and the Russian Administrator -at New
chwang are strained, which makes a
friendly settlement of the affair difficult.
The Administrator attempted to enforce
a social code which the foreign officials
refused to recognize and consequently
their relations have been limited to strict
ly business interviews and these have not
been amicable, consisting mostly on the
one side of protests from the Administra
tor against the conduct of the sailors. ¦
PEKING, Jan. 8.— While the actual cas
ualties during the fighting at Newchwang
between American sailors belonging to
the United States Vicksburg,
which is : wintering there; and Russian
soldiers attached t6 the] garrison at that
port are trifling up to date, the matter
has resulted' in unpleasantly strained re
lations between the j American, Russian
and British authorities there. The Wash
ington and St. Petersburg governments
are now endeavoring to arrange matters
so that there, may be no further friction.
} The trouble originated in the action of
borne sailors belonging to the • Brltiih
sloop-of-war jp Algerine, also in : winter
quarters at Newchwang, in . carrying
ashore six rifles for. use In a theatrical
performance. The Russian administra
tion sent a force of men to arrest the
British sailors. The Russians, however,
by mistake broke into a reading room
where a party of the Vicksburg men were
seated and tried to arrest them. - The
Americans resisted, defending themselves
with chairs; They were overpowered after
a sharp fight, however, and handed over
to the United States Consul, who sent
them on board the Vicksburg. The bad
feeling which: arose from tnis incident
resulted in several fights whenever. Amer
ican or British sailors met Russian sol
diers; and the latter, no tN- being accus
tomed to fist fights, were . usually badly
worsted. ,This condition of affairs cul
minated on New Year's day. In a more
serious affray, and tho Russian Minister,
Paul Lessar, complained to Minister Con
ger that two members of 'the Vicksburg
crew had fired a revolver at an unoffend
ing Russian soldier, wounding him in the
arm. * r
Moreover, he did not believe .that any
gentleman could read the report and tell
which route the commission would have
settled, had the cost and conditions been
equal. In embarking upon an enterprise
that was to cost $200,000,000, perhaps more,
he considered It wise that the experts
should have an opportunity ' to consider
the new offer of the Panama Company.
If the bill was passed in the form in
which it ' was reported, the President
could not entertain the offer of the Pan
ama Company and under it the President
by treaty might. bind the United States
to construct the Nicaraguan canal, even
though we afterward became convinced
that the other one was the better route.
Morri3 of Minnesota explained the pur
pose of his amendment, which, he said,
was; not to impede the construction of
the canal, but to Insure the selection of
the best canal. Before the Isthmian Com
mission made its report he did not believe
the Panama route feasible. He thought
it had been used solely for the purpose of
delay. But since reading the report he
was unable to j reach a conclusion as to
which was the better route. . \
The speakers to-day; were Shackleford
of Missouri, Parker of New Jersey, Lov
ering of Massachusetts, Morris of Minne
sota, Burton of Ohio, Hill of Connecticut.
Bromwell of Ohio, Gillett of Massachu
setts and Little of Maine, in favor of the
Morris amendment, and Burgess of
Texas, Bell of Colorado, Cooney of Miss
ouri, Cummings of New York, Gibson of
Tennessee and Lacey of Iowa, for the bill
in its present form.
Of the sixteen members who j spoke to
day" nine favored the Morris amendment.
It was agreed that general debate should
close to-morrow at 2 o'clock, after which
the bill may be open to debate under the
five-minute rule. The final vote probably
will be taken to-morrow. . .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— The debate on
the ' Nicaragua canal bill ibrday developed
a sentiment for giving consideration to the
recent offer of the Panama Company |to
cell its franchises and property for $40,-
OOO.WO, this sentiment taking the form of
advocating the Morris amendment to em
power the President to select the latter
route if the Canal Commission, upon con
sidering *the company's offer, recommends
it and the Required concessions, can be ob
tained from Colombia. \ ; .
WOULD ISOLATE
CONSUMPTIVES
"The last speaker." said the Count,
"alluded to a reference that an English
Minister recently made to the 'German
army's conduct in the Franco-German
war. I believe. we are all agreed and 1
think all sensible Englishmen agree with
us that when a, Minister considers himself
called upon to justify his policy he does
well to leave foreign countries out of the
discussion."^-. ;; ¦; ¦ ••,'..
9 Count von Stolberg-Wernigerode (Con
servative) discussed the economic crisis
and urged the creation of' fresh sources
of revenue. Touching on the friendly re
lations existing between Germany and
other countries the Count denounced the
recent reference of Chamberlain to the
German army. Count von Bulow followed.
Baron von Thielmann said further that
the budget for 1901 was the worst in years
and that the greatest difficulty was ex
perienced in maintaining a balance be
tween the revenue and expenditure in the
estimates for 1902. ' . . ¦
My former reference to the deterioration of
the financial position, which ¦ were regarded in
many quarters as pessimism, have been con
firmed. Affairs have become even -.. more un
favorable than we were able to foresee, as, -ow
ing to the economic depression, the receipts
have fallen off considerably and. the individual
states of the empire are no longer able to bear
their matrlcular contributions. Especially is
this so in the case of the small Thurlngian
states. ' - - ..¦¦".•
The Reichstag ¦ reassembled to-day after
the Christmas recess, with rather a slim
attendance and the discussion of the esti
mates began. The statement of the finan
cial condition of the empire by Baron
Thielmann, Secretary of State for tho
Treasury, was even more pessimistic on
the subject, of the declining trade of Ger
many than were his earlier. utterances on
the Question. He aaid:
The concluding '-. portion' of Emperor
William's speech pointed to the necessity
of adopting measures against tho agita
tion in j the Polish- districts of Eastern
Prussia, declared that the upholding of
the political and economic position of the
German element there was . necessary for
the self-preservation of Prussia and prom
ised that the Government would , fulfill
its duty in cultivating the German na
tional spirit in that region and in com
bating with firmness all tendencies • hos
tile to the state. In this course the'Gov
ernment counted on • the support of the
German S population of '. East Prussia, as
well as on the assistance of the whole
nation, which regarded any attempt to
drive out the German language as an at
tack on its national honor and dignity.
ThV speech, announced plans for legis
lation providing for the • housing of state
workmen and of . officials earning small
salaries. Considerable credits are demand
ed for the extension of the state rail
roads and the promotion and construction
of light railroads. A new canal' bill,' to
complete '- the • system of waterways will
be submitted.. - _.-. . .';
In the budget for 1902 the revenue is cs T
timated below that of the j current year,
but j the balance between the revenue and
the expenditure is to be maintained with
out having recourse to a loan.-
.BERLIN, Jan. : 8.— The. speech from the
throne, read'bythe Imperial Chancellor,
Count von Bulow, at the opening of the
Prussian Diet '.to-day,; took a gloomy view
of .the econonvic "situation.- It pointed out
that the rever.ue from the state railroads'
in 1901 fell considerably short of the eatl
mates and r that the ; whole results of the
financial; year were 1 disappointing. \%
Wilson protested against what he
termed unlawful intimidation, claiming
that the Chinese were employed because
It was impossible to secure white labor,
and notified the Chinese that ha would
see they were protected in their rights If
they would- continue to work. After a
short consultation among themselves
the Chinese agreed • to leave the town
this 'afternoon. They quit work at noon
and nothing has been done at the pack
ing-house this afternoon. Wilson threat
ened to keep the men at work . under . a.
guard, but the Chinese were thoroughly
frightened and no inducement would get
them to eo to work again.
The committee Immediately went to tha
packing-house and notified the Chinese
that they must leave town to-day; that
If "they did they would not be molested,
but if they refused they must take th<*
consequences; that the white laboring
men of the community, backed by publics
sentiment,- were thoroughly aroused and
did not propose to permit foreign cheap
labor to come in here and take the work
that belonged to those who lived here and
paid taxes and helped to support tho
town. -.'"¦. ¦•;\<^~ .,'• '-'i\ w
The foreman immediately notified his
firm in Los Angeles, and soon afterward
Sheriff Hammel wired Deputy Sheriff Ben
Davisson of Duarte to go to Monrovia
and protect the Chinese laborers from -any
Injury or violence. He stated that depu
ties would arrive from Los Angeles early
in the morning to relieve him and guar
antee the safety of the Chinese.
The packing firm of Bruner & Smith of
Los Angeles, operating here, was notified
that at an. Indignation meeting held last
night it was decided that their gang of
Chinese must leave the town. The firm's
foreman, Wilson, who arrived from Los
Angeles this morning, was met by a com
mittee and informed of the determination
of the laboring men of Monrovia anrt
Duarte. "Wilson notified them that the.
Chinese were brought here to pack
oranges, and that he would not listen to
any proposition that sought their expu!
sion from the town. • - -
MONROVIA, Jan. 8.— The anti-Chinese
labor, agitation broke out afresh this
evening, and the agreement whereby Chi
nese laborers were to finish packing a car
they were at work on was repudiated.
The ! Chinese became so frightened that
they promised to leave town on the first
train in the morning.' ¦
The first subject to be discussed to-mor
row will be sewerage. The use of crude oil
for street sprinkling will be next dis
cussed and the delegates, under the di
rection of a committee headed by Mayor
Snyder. will be given a visual demonstra
tion of the improvement. In the after
noon the subject of municipal charters
will be discussed.
My study." said the Mayor, "has led
me to believe there is no doubt of the
course municipalities ought to follow in
tne acquirement and management of pub
lic utilities. Every city ought at least
to possess and run its water supply."
Mayor Frank P. Frary of San Diego
described the satisfactory management of
that city's waier works which have now
been under municipal control five months.
Xne plant has in that time cleared $3000
faervice is more efficient than under nri
vate ownership. Politics cut no figure in
the management of the water system
Interesting and detailed reports concern
ing the eatisfactory working of municipal
water -systems were given by City Clerk
J. I* Wright o:f Santa Cruz, City Attorney
Heathmaa-of Santa Ana. Councilman P.
B. Lynch of VUlejo, Trustee James H.
Devine of Sacramento. Mayor Hanford of
ban Bernardino, Councilman J \v Kee
san of Santa. Rosa. Trustee Getz of
Oceanside Councilman J. L. Mover of
faanta Barbara, Trustee C. F. Trafton of
L. sinore President Hutchinson of Palo
Alto. Mayor li. Morse of Riverside spoke
of the successful management of a mun
icipal electric lighting plant in that city
Mayor Parker of Santa Cruz told of Vliai
city s electric lighting plant and Secretarv
£££*? PE™ ° f^ he mu , Ric lpal *ras Plant of
fcanta Clara, the only instance in the
State of a municipality owning that util-
The afternoon was devoted to a discus
sion of the subject of, municipal owner
ship of public utilities. Mayor Snyder led
the discussion by a statement of this
city s experience In regaining ownership
of the chief municipal utility, the water
supply.
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco, who
has taken an acjve interest in the league
heretofore, was down on the programme
for an address on "Progress in Charter
Making," but owing to the transfer of
the office of Mayor of San Francisco to
day he was detained in the metropolis.
A. telegram was sent to Phelan urging
him to be present to-morrow or Friday
and deliver his address.
The membership of the league has in
creased from thirteen municipalities in 1898 to
seventy-two municipalities. These extend
:roin Yreka*on the north to San Diego on the
and induce towns from the size of
uceanside. wlta S'X) copulation, to San Fran
oisco. the metropolis, with 350.000. Firty
tirht per cent of the people of California live
within the corporate limits of municipalities.
Koughly speaking, our organization to-day rep
resents between 800.000 and 900,000 people^
acd from a condition of no funds at the start,
lie league has grown to an assured income of
at least $1800 a jear.
LOS AXGELES, Jan. 8.— The fourth
annual convention of the California
League of Municipalities assembled In
Chamber of Commerce Hall to-day. There
were about seventy-five delegates present,
representing all sections of the State.
When the convention was called to order.
Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles extended
a hearty welcome. President Joseph
Hutchinson, chairman of the board of
trustees of Palo Alto, thanked Mayor
Snyder and then delivered the annual ad
dress. In which lie said:
Advantages of Control of
Water Systems Are
Enumerated.
Says • Henry E. .- Miller Was
Author of Article Defam
ing Garden City. .
Debate on Morris Amendment
Shows a Change of
Frequent Encounters in Which
the Czar's Men Are No
Match for Americans.
Kaiser Advises . Vigorous
Measures to Restrain
V ;• -the Poles.
White. Laborers May Have
v a Conflict With Pack
• -:?;. 'v; ing Firms.
New Treatment Quickly Re
moves the Malignant
Growth.
Monrovia Men Refuse to
Permit the Aliens
to work.
Emperor William De
plores the Industri 1
\ Conditions.
Lawmakers Will Con
sider an Isthmian
Canal Offer.
Editor Causes a- Stir in
San Jose Libel
British. When Row
Occur .
Russian Sailors Seek the
California League of Mu
• nicipalities Begins
Session.
Remarkable Cure Is Ef
lected Upon Aged
Pnjnnf
Jtrx icou
REVEALS NAME
OF THE WRITER
DRIVE CHINESE
FROM THE TOWN
MISTAKE CAUSES
CLASH IN CHINA
PANAMA LAND
MAY BE TAKEN
X-RAYS CAUSE
CANCER TO HEAL
MAYORS TALK
OF UTILITIES
GERMAN TRADE
FAST DECLINES
THE SAN -1 FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1902.
SOUTHAMPTON-— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr . Kal
eier Wllhelm <ler GroEss, from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg. .
GIBRALTAR— Passed Jan-«— Stmr Kaisow.
from Liverpool, for Tacoma. via Japan.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr West
ernland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.-;
Sailed Jan 8-r-Stmr Ultonla, from Liverpool.
for Ko&ton. ftna **»* i * A ** > ir*'*\'' r M*l ~i*'t ifawUMi)
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr . Taurlc
for Liverpool; stmr Zeeland, for Antwerp, via
Southampton. - - . . • *'"'
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong. Shanghai and Kobe, for Vic
toria, B c. and Tacoma,
9
GBAPE-JTCTTS.
No argument is
needed when
GRAPE=NDTS
are served for
breakfast
At Grocers
'" NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. .
A SAN naANCISCO PHYSICIAX
TJses Herpicide Successfully in Troit-
' ing Sycosis of the Bsard.
: ; He . says : "1 recently i treated* a' case \ of
sycosis- (similar to 'barberrs itch') of the
lower, lip ; with , Newbro|s Herpicide. .There
, was -an' extensive loss (of beard jWithUn-
flammation - extending , 'well' down * on the
chin/"-; The ! result ; of "the. '• application^ of
Herpicide' -was most gratifying:. : The loss
of beard ceased and a new growth of hair
is now, taking place over, the once Inflamed
area: ' / .¦¦ \:v ¦¦-•"•' ¦¦->•¦? ¦:..- . ¦¦
> "(Signed.) Melville E. OtNeill/M.'D.. \v:
. < >' "845 Howard St.
V -"San 'Francisco, Cal."- ••". •"'-,:; '
; Herpicide. kills: the dandruff germ and
causes the hair j to " crow ; abundantly.';' \
; airs. Pixxkliara »dvis«8 sick wo-
men free. Address, Jjjvat%Wus^
ADVEBTISEMEinS.
MISS VIRGINIA GRANES
Tells How Hospital Physicians
Use and Rely npon Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. ' . •: ¦;.:,¦:
" Deae Mrs. Ptskham : — Twelre
years continuous service at the sick
bed in some of our prominent hospi-
tals, as well as at private homes, has
given me varied experiences with the
diseases of women. I have nursed soma
•»• ". Viif sZ4~-4&zy\ " rr " : '
MISS VTJRGETLA. GKA2TE3,
Presidcni of Norses'A<sociation,'Watertowa l 2T.T.
most distressing cases of inflammation
and nlceration of the ovaries and womb.
I have known that doctors used T/y dla
E. Pinkiiam's Vegetable .Com-
pound when everything else failed
with their patients. I have advised my
patients and friends to use it and have
yet to hear of its first failure to cure.
"Four years ago I had falling of tho :
womb from straining in lifting a heavy
patient, and knowing, of the value of.
your Compound I ".began to nse . it at
once, and in six weeks I -was well once
more, and have had no trouble since.
I am most pleased to have had an oppor-
tunity to say a few words in praise of .
your Vegetable Compound, and shall,
take fevery occasion to recommend it."—
Miss ¦Virgkti a Grajtes.— -$5000 forfeit ¦ if
above testimonial is not genuine. ¦ ¦ , -
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound has stood the test of
time, and: has cured thousands.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JANUARY 9/ 1902;
10
SAX FItAJSCISCO_ CALL.
RUSnCEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
ecroer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CK» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315.. Larkin street; open until 9:30 p.™.
I!Ul Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22CI Market street." corner -Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. nx. ¦ .
106 Eleventh ttiWtt open until 9 p. m.
I03B Valencia-street: open until -9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtrpets: open until 9 p. tn:"
2203 Fillmnre'Ftreet-.open nntil 9 p. mi ' "
MEETING .XOTICES. ."
A REGULAR meeting "of Yerba Buena
Lodge -of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. HS*
Scottish Rite of, Freemasonry, will be A
hell" in Coramandery Hall, Masonic fj>n
Tctople. on . THURSDAY . EVENING, K&Jr
Jaruary ». 12*12, at 8 o'clock. Degree Five.
¦ HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. a
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#&_,
EVENING. January 0, at 7:30 o'clock. }£3f
Th:xd Decree. By order of the Master. / Tr '
¦-. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. •
GCLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and •
A. M.,"wl!i attend the funeral of n\ir __r_._
lat.; brother. FREDERICK EUGENE
MAGUNE. at Masonio Temple. FRI- *^T^
" BUSINESS CHANCES. '.""
A_-$Y(lo7^ESTAURANT and chop house;' kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $160 per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny gt. ¦ . " -"¦
f500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent; location can t
be beat See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
$600— SALOON established years; good busi-
ness; lease; located . close to Market and
Third sts. .-rare chance for Kood location !n
. business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'/. Kearny.
A— $300; BRANCH bakery and confectionery;
closa to large schools; living rooms; r»-nt $20;
value In sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 2si»_
Kearny et.
A— S650 COAL- and wood yard, with 4 horses
¦ and 2 wagons; business is located in oak-
land; established years -and first-class pay-
Ing. All particulars R. G. WILKE, 20 tf
. Kearny st. . ••¦' * ¦ ¦
A— ?400: SALOON on water front; rent $20;
_-ood' paying business; Investigate at once; a
lire chance. Inquire R. G. - WILKE. . _6»5
Kcaniy st. |
A — CIGAH stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400: stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call It. G.'WILKE, 26'j Kearny st.
A— 81000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor,
i st.; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business: value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26 >. Kearny st. ='¦-«;¦
ua», January 10, i»u_. at 1 :3O p. m. special
fuceral car. Master " Masons and friends of
oeceased respectfully invited. By order of
W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. ft~~
M. — Special meeting THIS (THURS- !«%_,
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Tfcjt
Firn depree. Masons cordially - in- f^Sr >
vitc-d. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodse No. »
212. F. end A. M.. meets THIS _JV
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 lK._tf
o'clock, for First Degree. By order F^r >
of :he Master. • E. C. HARE,' Secretary.
DORIC Lodse No. 216 F. end A. M.— •
facial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/*_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third ltj\
l>esree. Master Masons are cordially * "*?
i::vited. By order of the Master.
j". R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
YERBA Bt'EXA Lodce No. 15. I.
0, O. F.— Initiation of several 55TL7S_S-
candidates THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Jcnuarj' », 1902. Full
attendance recuested. '
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. G.
W. W. CROSS, Recording Secretary.
ABOUT Bon Adhem Lodge No. 112, ---. -t,
1. O. O. F. — Installation THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING: Mem-
bers of iodsre please attend. Visit- ™^
Ing brothers wclccnje. ' - -
¦ .- S. P. GRANT. N. G.
CONCORDIA Lod_e No. 122. I. O. <v\«»«^
O. F. — The members of the fun- J§?j««>§__;
ersil ¦ corrmittee are hereby noti- <5tt**5£?
t\ei to a&sesib'.e at I. O. O. F.
Hall THURSDAY. January 0. at 12:30 p. m..
to attend the funeral of our late brother. P.
AXDRESEN, P. G.. deceased.
D. MEYER. N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Recording Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL. Ledge No. 179. I. O. i_j_*___t»
O. ' F. — Installation of officers
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. vf^S^
Members f.re requested to attend. ' '
Vi:;itors invited. F. R. WEBB. ffJ G.
IB. S. WISWELL, Recording Secretary. .
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. j___^ f - \
15 Anif-rican 1 -r — 1~ "1 ~n '''*ir^T"TTtai
of Masters and Pilots— h!£~Jz££&&^
OfQeers und members are wfg&J^T' . ?
hereby requested to meet at r
H.irbor Hall, ferry building, on FRIDAY.
January 10, at 12 "-30 p. m., for ths purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother.
Captain F. E. MAGUNE. Services afMa-
"A— $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: es-
tablished years: first-class paying; located
closato Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. • R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $S00; COFFEE Ealoon in wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
. and clearing above $200 per month, j Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^_ Kearny st. - -
A— PARTY wanted with- $3000 to $5000 \to
' buy. interest in one of the oldest established
general commission houses of this city; hon-
est and active man wanted; references to be
exchanged: books open for Inspection. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A— $650; SALOON ciose to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.; rent $30; good paying business;
full value in eight. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<i}_
Kearny Et. '
A— $400;. MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth st.; rent" $20; living rooms; fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A— $350- SALOON, city front: rent $15; . re-
ceipts $15 day. STRAND & CO.. 203 Kearny.
A — $125; BRANCH bakery; good trade;' S
rooms; rent $12. STRAND, 2C9 Kearny__t.
A— $U>0: DELICACY store: good trade; Sixth :
fit.; 2 rooms; rent $15.- STRAND. 201) Kearny. |
A— $srioT CANDY factory and icecream parlor; I
cleai-s $150 mo. Strand & Co.. 209 Kearny. I
A— SW00: FIRST-CLASS saloon: Market ft.; j
clears 5300 mo. STRAND & CO.. 200 Kearny. j
A Wl5 buy, eell cr exchange businesses of
any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
C Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery !
Ftores, cisar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases, j
Money to loan on any of the above. (
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good
location, for sale cheap account sickness;
EteaSy income more than expenses; chance to !
double business. J. R. WEBB, Nevada block, ;
r. 3(i. . ¦ j
$350 — PARTNER: ?2C0 cash, bal. out of busi- \
ness; no experience. Decker, 921 Markt.. r. 5. i
: IF you want to buy a business or sell go to |
, T DECKER. 921 Market st. [ !
i FOR sale — At a great sacrifice, a restaurant; i
i good location: cheap rent; must be sold at I
i once. Inquire 7.S5 Market St.. rooms 1 and i
2. McBRIDE & CO. I
L GREAT inducements to party who can furnish ;
LODGING' HOUSES FOR SALE— --Con.
CA LL ON~R~ETSLOFF. HE CAN ,SUITi YOU.'
10 rooms; owner sick; must sell. V. ....". .$250
12 rooms; corner; clears $45. .".:.;. "..'..'.' 525
100 rms.; grand cor.; clears $500; paymts. 5500
21 rooms; Al' location; payments .... 1000
S rooms; just listed;, good... .:........ 300
¦ 18 rooms; well: furnished; bargain ...... 1250
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale... 3000
22 rooms; best in city; payments... ...2400
Money to loan. . A. H." RETSLOFF. '
(Tel. John 531.) 90C Market St., cor. Ellis.
17-ROOM CORNER ....... .FIRST CLASS
......Long lease; furnished' elegantly. .....
Price only $1595. Payments. BETSLOFF. ;
12-ROOM CORNER: VERY GOOD; price only
$300: half cash.- RETSLOFF. . "¦"¦.¦'
-SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. » 50c. 1084 Bush st.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. . Franklin and
• Gough; phone Larkin". 3781 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., S:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY/- trance, bus. 'medium;
life reader; medlcr.1. clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. ; 11C4 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st. ; readings, 50c,
$1; circle Tues., Thur., Fri. night, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. ¦ 605 McAllister; 10c: come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily:
"phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
MRS. GILLINGHAM's. circle this eve.. 10c.
j 305 Larkln; hours 1 to 5 p. ni., Mon., Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist: 50c and $1. 1DS3 Market, near Twelfth.
CARD reading; "ladies 10c; gentlemen • _5s;
hours, 1 to 8. 025 Minna -st. near Seventh.
, . CLAIRVOYANTS.
one DOLL~AR!T?7rrrrrrrr7r6NE"Doi-£XR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. .
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a.psyohie or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1 00! $1 00! $1 00! 51 CO!
His Regular ?5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR!.. '.T ONE DOLLAR!
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, .speculation, .all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, (re-
unites the separated, tells whom you -will mar-
ry, how to AVIN the man 'or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how ;o control or Influence any one you love
or meet; no charKe unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Recntion rooms. J3. 14. nr?t floor.
1504— MARKET STREET — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
. - . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business mpdlum. permanently
located at 17. Thinl St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, plves an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future.- If ycu are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, connult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C0.
MP.S. DR.F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at"120B Mar-
ket Ft., cor. Gnlden Gate ave.. rooms -25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send Ftamp for pamphlet
with special term!-. ¦ Daily and Sunday. ¦
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
. future; never falls: has the r;reate=t Egyptian
. secret: shows Picture future husband or wife:
' " j EDDCATIOiVAl^-Contiiineil. . -
SECOND term ¦ night school for men. Young
; Men's Christian Association, Mason ' and Elh-'
. sts. ; 15-week : courses," . beginning January 6;
. bookkeeping; course $5,^ electrical' course $5,
¦ English course $3, stenographers course $4;
classes in algebra, s Anglo- American history,
¦ architectural , drawing-, - arithmetic,- assaying,
bookkeeping, : civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand • dr_~w-
\. ir.g, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,"
- vocal* mutlc. naval" architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam ;en-
. ' gineering. stenography and typewriting. Ap-
". ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
¦ A. MACURDA; Educational Director; H.J.
McCoy. General Secretary. ¦:'¦¦¦ > .': .
HEALD'8 SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
; tion. laboratory and shop work; thoroughly,
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
.- catalogue . free. . •. ', -,
¦ AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a v complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, -arithmetic, penmanship. .
- speling.v Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters ; positions secured ; cat. I free. '
MERRILL-MILLER ; College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45,. Par-
rott bldg. ;. Individual .Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil; elea.mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est.- 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 FuHton. nr. City Hall, j
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough I
modern methods;' positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free." '; 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the"
Gregg shorthand costs only $00. - San Fran-
clsco Business , College. 1236 Market st. , .
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet , School."
associated with 7 theatrical - agency securing j
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. j
PERFECTION guaranteed to be'ginners, collego |
graduate & bookkeepers in accounfg; figures. ;
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bids, j
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re- j
movr<l to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st. ¦ .j
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping.' grammar, writing,' •
etc.; ciay or eve.: $5 mo. \ 1024 Mission, nr.t'th. j
SPANIFH, French.etc.Prof.DeFilippc'sAcademy '
of Lansuages,320Pcst;esUib'd 1871:ablest profs. |
SHORTHAND taught by mall and personally. ij
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. [
C. Hoffman, Euroyiean tenor & .voice builder: j
Ital. meth.; concert & oratario. . 1017 Sutter. t
VIOLTN. mancIolln.'Eruitar.' Prof. MERKI.'good .
teacher. '100S Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business' College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman, shorthand, ; typing, bookkep.; $0 mo.
ILLTISTR^VTION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
. ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine gt.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano. mando»in. guitar
50c: piano, for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HKALD'S Business Colless. 24 Popt St.. S. F.;
foundfd- lSfi.1; 'new SO-paere patalogue free.
inn l !,flYWKV!' OKKIOKS.^ I
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleanlripr. cooks j
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO." KI- !
NOSHITA, 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and .Tapnnese helo; estab. 20 years." j
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay. '
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and 1
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bu3h 135. .1
I CHINESE and Japan*** Employment Office— I
, Best heln. 411U O'Farrell St.; tel. East 420 j
RFLIABLK Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot- i
flee: all kinds help. 31.% Stockton: Main 5189. |
JAPANESE Intelligence Office—^Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush 6t.; tel. Bush 510.
ORPHKUM Krrployrnpnt Office — Japanese. Chl-
• nps« h»1r>. -i?.C, r > ow<»U.n-.f i ''tty» l tt«>1.r;a.rlc SO72.
! EMP1.OY.HEXT WASTED — FEMALE.*
- . '.-' -' -------
COMPANIES '¦. promoted, guaranteed . and
'financed, .stock taken in payment for serv-
* ices ; "•' good ¦ propositions i wanted ; • gold bonds
furnished. ,' PACIFIC STATES MINING
'AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting I Co. | (Inc.) — We
. : have ; 42 1 offices in operation ; new method of
. ¦. placing ; stocks and bonds ; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or, address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.'
SAFE, profitable Investments ; . installments . if
' desired; f early dividends; rapid increase in
values. C.H.: STREET. 211 Examiner bldgr
, FLATS TO LET.
A— 10 TO '20 days' free rent' to desirable ten-
ants of ' brand • new. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 2
grates, sunshine -in every room,' social room,
nice yard, 4 car lines. Apply SPECK & CO.,
OAK, : 1900— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
¦ new; never been used;' frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements;
: looking out on park: rent $37 50; can be seen
.. between. 11 and 3 o'clock. ¦
A SWELL • new.- 4 or 5 rooms, now ready.
.,' Myrtle ave.,' near Van. Ness.-. . .
FOURTEENTH. 132A-iN!ce furnished 4-reom
flat; bath: on sunny side of street; rent $22.
- '}'. . ': ¦{ FDKMTliRK ' KOII SALE. 7
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with Na 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131* Market.
ELEGANT new furn. "t carpets: wift ssll whole
or part. : 1912 Fillmore. near Bush; flat 3.
FURXITURK WANTED. '
WILSON huve" all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market fit.; te!. South 413.
A. WOLLPEP.T. 773 Mission st..' pays highest
price' for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1351.
GLOVKS. "
D. & F. new $1 glove,' retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. ¦ 121 Grant ave.
HKl.f; wVS'l *-2lJ- — !•' K MALI..'
AT=C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ?Phone Grant 1S5
C ............. CHAMBERMAIDS ;....'...
$20 — 2 more; Coronado Beach; % fare paid..
$20 — 1 more; Santa, Barbara; j /j fare paid..
4 scrubbers; Southern California; Vj fare paid
$17; GO— First-class hotel, city
$25— Wait • 2 meals ; city
$20 — Walt 1-meal; city and country .
...: WAITRESSES .
$35, $40--Head waitresses..............
$25, ?.£0— City and country hotels, restaurants
$30 — Private family, country
$30— -Private family, city
• $25, room and board, for helps' hall . . . :
COOKS AND HOUSEGIRLS
$20, $30 — Places all over the city......
.../......:. LAUNDRY HELP
$15 — Manglers - ...'....
.... ... ..t.: NURSES
$15, $20 — Care of small children
$20 — Infant's nurse ...
$12, $1B — Nice place ;....
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 404 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. '.Phone Main 1575
. . .....;. .HOTEL DEPARTMENT.'. . .
Head waitress. $35; 0 waitresses, flrst-class
¦ country hotels/ $20;- 9 waitresses, city. $20
and $25; 2 chambermaids. $20 and $17 50; 4
, chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $25 and $30; cook, small ho-
tel, $30
....... ..FAMILY DEPARTMENT ."..
Cook, San Rafael, $30; houseg-irl. San Rafael.
$30; ' houseglrl, San Rafael, $25; 2 second
girls, $25; cook, housegirls, second girls,
nurseglrls, best wages ."
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ...... ..335 Geary^st.
A— 2 EXPERIENCED salesladies, candy store.
$C week; also young woman to wash dishes,
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
? Factory, 32}_ Fremont . St.; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply. to
. MR. . DAVIS.
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer;
Etate age, experience, salary expected and by
whom previously employed. -Box 31il."Ca_l.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch offlce,2_O0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9O
'-- Valencia st. " ; ' '
HEW WASTED MALE.
A— MFRirLlY"~_rRlEADY ; ',. "'. ~. ?Phone , Main 5S18
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M-. .........
" Stonemason, dry wall work. ?¦* aa>*
Furnace man for mine... $&> -nd house
5 pruners, same orchard, $1 50 fare. ........
.... ...."... ..... $30 and found
5 woodehoppers', *Napa Co.... "..... W 75 cord
4 plow teamsters. $30 and found; 2o wood-
choppers and tiemakers, $1 and $1 50 coro,
10c and 15c each. -' ¦
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Marker and polisher, Troy machine, country
laundry. $60 to. $70; baker, country shop,
$40. and foundf7 cooks, city and country-.
$30 " to $50. MURRAY & READY. &J4-63t>
.Clay st. " - : ¦ - " x
A— TIEMAKERS . .... .WOODCHOPPERS
20 tiemakers and woodehoppers for a new
camp virgin timber, level ground, i5c, $j
and $1 50 cord. 10c each for ties, reduced
railroad. MURRAY & READY. 630-C36 Clay.
A— WOODCHOPPER to cut 30.CC0 cords of
4-foot oak on contract. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st. _____
A— SOLICITOR for liquor house in .city, ex-
perience and reference required, $75 to start:
butter maker and milk, $30; coopers, slack
work; $30 to $35; farmer, near city, $25;
glazier. W. D. EWER & CO., 010 Clay at.
RANCH foreman,- $50; blacksmiths, $2*50 day;
tinner, $2 50 to $2 75 day; slack work coop-
ers; office boy, $4 50 week; fruit farmer and
wife, $40; farmers, $25; woodchoppers. J tie-
makers, cooks, waiters and others. J. F.
'¦ CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton St.— Porter and'
tend bar, $25 to $30; waiter who can open
oysters, $45, $7 a week; assistant cook. &JO;
dishwasher, French, $30; baker, country, $35,
etc. "
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chef. $110. - . ¦ ¦" __
SALESMAN wanted — To call on | doctors only
on behalf of the leading firm in ths business:
also one for Central California; established
trade; position permanent; applicant must be
intelligent and Indefatigable; state experi-
ence. Address P. O. box 85S. Philadelphia.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between S and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' '¦'-¦', -•¦
WANTED — An apprentice over 20 in mining
' and civil engineering; no salary flrst year.
Address box 2275. Call office. '"
WANTED — Flrst-class glas3 beveler. Apply
at once Los Angeles Art Glass Co., 625 S.
Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal. ¦./-."¦ :
WANTED — A steady man with $100 cash; light
business; will pay about $05 per: month; per-
manent place. 7ti5 Market St., room 3.
BOY of neat appearance residing with parents,
•from 14 to 10 years of age. Apply SIEVERS
6 BOLAND. 25 Post st. -
A FIRST-CLASS advertising man; come well
¦ recommended; new sporting paper. Apply 249
" Montgomery. . " .
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room *12. . Parrott building. •
HOUSES- FOR SALE.
NEW. modern"ho^seTfwinz "west; sun all day;
large basement and yard. Waller and vov
tola, bet. Pierce and Stelner: easy payments.
HYGIENIC HA2R____TKEAJ2__E!_3!__r
DANDRUFF, all scalp Irritations positively
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
mussare treatment; consultation free. MUa.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 30. 133 Post.
LOST AM> KOU.VD.
LOST— Between Claus Spreckels and Mills
buildings, deed and abstract of title North
California Investment Co. to W. S. American.
Return to 503 Claus Spreckels building and
I receive reward. ,
! $10 REWARD for the return of foxterrier:
white, with dark brown spcts; number or
» license 4043: answers to the name of Gyp.
621 Larkln St.; no questions asked.
> $10 REWARD — Lost, Monday on Golden Gate
I ave., English foxhound: color black, white>
! and brown. Return to 136 feutter st.
f LOST— In Oakland, a small paper box contain-
ing, a diamond cluster pin, 4 stones; liberal
reward. 767 Fifteenth, st.. Oakland.
LOST — Dark white Llewellyn setter. Return. to
2905 Twenty-fourth st. Reward.
LOST— A pas3 book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
j the name of PATRICK PLOVER. No. 37J;
j the finder will pleasg return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the H!b:rn!a Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of Edmund Johnson. No. 2_S-4C3:
" the finder will please return to bank. •
IT will pay to ••Remember" that the Callfor-
nfa Waich Cass Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oU
gold and silver to maV? n-w watch caies.
MACH1.SK AVOKKS.
¦ENSIGN Machine Works. il^Vi SacramentD st.*.
! builds models andr experimental machinery;
i mine heists 4. S. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
j -3IATK.MOXIAL. '
i GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
! ladias send lOcvfor list. 'Mrs. Hertz. 706 EIIis-
| MATTRESSES AM>. I'lU.OWM.
. TO order, also cleaned and setriiized. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st. : tel. Bush 421.
M ED I CAL.
i DK O'DONNELL — All who are sick and in
! trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines r.p.vts been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confident^! ?.-1vice on all subjects of a dalt-
cate na'.nre- oil classes of female complaints
treated; ruief to th^ longest cases. DR. _.
W. O'DONNELL. 1CJ3 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes Iadie3 bef or*
! and during confinement; best of care; confine-
i ment $15; room and board. $5 week: infanta
\ adopted : will take 2 to work at my prtvata
! residence. 60S Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
i MRS D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 "years" experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. . 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS M WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy St.. near
Taylor, fur-roily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' yuccessful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAV1ES
at the old office. 1228 Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
so:iic iempie at i:.:u p. tn.
; ' W. M. RANDALL, Captain.
R. N. PIPrEY. Secretary.
THIS San Francisco Scottish Thistle . «-r x.
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3)l t&i$_
EVENING, Fraternity. Hall, S2 *_O__jc
O Fan-ell st., at S o'clock. Instal- •'**£?*
lation of oJlicers and election of games and
finance committees.
GEORGE MILLER. Rcyal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATEaSON. Recorder.
KO"ICE cf annual meeting — The annual meet-
ins of the Association of the Hospital for
Children an<J Training School for Nursss will
b«- held at the hossiial. 3700 California et..
THURSDAY. January 9. at 1:30 p. m.
ELEANOR L. MILLER. Rec. Sec.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific — An-
nual meeting will be held January 14. at (i p.
m., in the rooms, Merchants' Exchange build-
irg, 135 QilttoraL- Ft. By order (
GEORGE DAVIDSON. President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE, Secretary.
STOCK HOLDERS' MEETING — The . annual
n *eting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
V.'crks will be held at the office of the com-,
piny. 222 Market st.. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1302, at 11 o'clock
a. r_.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing yqpr and
for the transaction of such other b_ siness as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN, Secretary.
Office 222 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 9, l»02.-
ANNUAL MEETING — OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the etockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company. "27 Market street, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
ot TUESDAY, the 21st day of January. 1302,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
PDse of electing a Board of Directors to serve
lor the ensuiiur year and for the transaction
of such ether business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. January 10, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
Ey order of the President.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regxtlar annual
meeting of the stockholders of the • Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the . office of the company, 327
Market st.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
f.ie 20th day of January. 1902, at the hour
of II o'clock a. m., for the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday Jan-
uary 17, 1902, at 3 o'clock p m
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
DFiriCE Of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st., San Francisco, Cal. —
The cnnual meeting of the stockholders of
the Ran Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
Dany will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 415 Post St., in the city and county of
Fan Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
r>AY. January 21. 1902 The transfer books
or the company will b* closed from January
13, 10C2. to ami including January 21. 1902.
(SiRnefl) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco, January 0, 1902.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stoetc-
hoidera of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take notice that the annual meeting
of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
cr associate $r>OCO \>r more capital to control ;
a very valuable invention. Address Prouty ,
Mfg. Co., 35 Oliver st., Boston. Mass. I
$500— RESTAURANT bargain; in Vallejo; pay- !
ing business: owner wants to sell account ill- j
ness; no agent. Owner W. H.. P. O., Vallejo. j
$350 — Partnership; estab. bus.; pleasant occu-!
patlon;duties light. Cal.BuB.Ascn., 805% MkL |
PARTNER with $500: $50 guaranteed. Apply j
106 Geary et., room 2. J
I WANT to buy a saloon or grocery and bar •
either side of Market. Box 2841; Call office, j
A HAIR and scalp specialist retiring from a |
business of long standing, will teach and sell j
her business, including valuable formulat, j
cheap if taken at once. Box 2U07. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery. baKlnc over 2
bbls. a day: store trade only; kept by the
present ownsr 10 years; retiring- from busi-
ness cause ,of sale. Box SiflO. Call. ;
BRIGHT man with small capital can hear of
exceptionally good opportunity; legitimate
business. .Box 2284. Call office.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. ! Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER, 124 Myrtle Bt., Santa.
Cruz. Cal. . ' '" '
FOR Sale — A good .planing" mill In a lumber
yard; located in a Browing town. Address
P. C. bos 4")!>. Helldsburg, Cal.
A— THIRTY cigar stard* that net $2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. «L. HEDGES. 4(2 Parrctt bids.
ESTABLISHED fruit and vegetable stand for i
sale; 2 living rooms; cheap. i:K> Eighth st- |
WANTED — Laundry route, horse and wagon; |
state price. Address, box 2002. Call office. \
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 523 Pacific
St.; prop, has two places; wants to sell one.
FOR Sale — Hand laundry; good ' for man and]
wife. 604 Minna st, near Seventh. i
AN established manufacturing, wholesale & re-
tail, business for rale cheap. Call at 247 5th.
LARGE paper route for sale; best part of city.'
Box 2931. Call office. ' .
ESTABLISHED undertaking business in Oak-
land at invoice. Box 700, Alameda.
FRUIT store for sale on easy terms; paying
business. ' 151 Ninth et.
FOR Rale — Salocn. Inquire 613 Sansome st.;.
cheap. • .
UlCX CL1-S — -For Snli* or b^clinnore.
NEW bicycles . for children, men* and women;
. largest assortment on ths Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
ALLEN, agent for Columbia and all good bicy-
cles; second-har.d wheels reduced. 301 Larkin.
UOOKS— .\l_YV A XL) OLD.
FOR astrological." occult." metaphysical books
: go to 14_tt Market St.. S. F.
~LODG1XG-HOUSES FOlt SALE.
S6-ROOM hotel and bar ....$1700
14 rooms; on Mission *st 0C0
24 rooms: downtown: clears $150 .2+00
20 rooms; on Turk st 2000
f>4 rooms: fin! corner; clears $300...... 4C00
10-room flat on Post 1000
. fee 25c and up; .satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Gth.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT"
HIGH PPYCHIST.
The nipst wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when all others fall; permanently
focated Rt.J_i.Turk st. : readings by mall. •
1SMAR. the Eeyiitlan Gipsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located 11-JS Market, op-
posite Sixth; private rpsdliifrs dally. ,10 a. m.
to 5 p. m :. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. , m-
MME. PORTER, -xonderf-l clairvoyant & can!
reader, born with double veil — second slphl;
dlapnoses diseases life reading;ladIe'<50c,
gents SI: palm, and c!air. sit. $1 no. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE. n2flA Ellis; clairvoyant.
* crystal reer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l: 10"a. m.to K p. m.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL* clairvoyant. Egyptian
seeress. palmist, 130 Powell, r. 1; hours 10-0.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay: 25c and 50c. 2H4% Sixth -St.. ..,.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card ¦ reader: la-
dles 25c; gents fK)c; readlnpa dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. Ofiell. clairvoyant, tells past, present &
.future. L _5c;«G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS/ MEI,VII,L. well-known clairvoyant. water
¦ deader. 11 Cth: German spoken :tel. Jessie iSiS.'
CLAIRVOYANT card reader fr6rn Louisiana:
only 10c: from 1 to S. 202 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
50c nn.l $1— PROF. WELLER. 'clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist: card rrader. 1007V4 Market.
MTiS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. SI!) 1 /*! Leavenworth st.. S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluentlv: business
Bdvic^: names triven: 2.*ic un. 5 Fourth st. '
CARPET IlKATINO A\D CLRAXIMS.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPA TILTH NTS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama gt. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— CI earn nrr.
3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th st.;tel.Capp2ot2.
ADVANCE Carpet-cl»an!np Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
raasonablc. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 2G3.'
CONKLIN'S. Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
a>« Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleanlnsr and Reno-
vatlrig Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74. -
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. Gth
floor/ 91C Market st. : advice free. Tel. Bui;h
194;'- able body of attorneys. "
GEORGE w! KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. ¦ Room -.'HO, 'J27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.,
229 DIAMOND~"_t.."""bct. 19th"and 20th— A 4^
room cottage to let;, fine yard and chicken-
house; rent $11. .~ '•-¦¦'
I1KXTISTS.
A LADY would like position to help take care
of smallpox patients at Randsburg; not a
trained r.urse. Address MRS. MAGNER, 1220
Mission st. ¦ ¦ '. ' . _ •'¦ -v
SITUATION WANTED— A reliable Swiss girl,
speaks French, would like situation to do
general housework and French and German
\ cocking: reference; sleep home preferred. 522-
• Stccktcn st.
YOUNG woman with steady habits and refer-
ences wishes housekeeper'3 position In small
rooming' house or private family. Box 2273,
Call Office. ,
TRUSTWORTHY German woman desires posi-
tion in email family; no children: Rood cook.
Invalid's nurse, sewer and . housekeeoer. • 15
Powell st. Car fare expected.
MIDDLE-AGED; woman wishes place to do
general housework in small family of adults,
city or country.' 707 Minna st. • ..
'A YOUNG German girl would do light house-
- work In good family: no children; wages $12.
* 523 Shotwell St., In the rear..
ELDERLY woman wants general housework In
small American family; good cook. 1030 Clay,
near Mason., .'*-"¦;.: '' : 'V.v ¦
I COMPETENT woman with a . small child de-
I sires a position; good cook; country prefer-
red. . Address C02 Howard st; - " ,
GOOD, .: reliable girl * wants ¦ position as nurse-
Rirl and assist with upstairs" work or plain
' sewing. Call 124 Eighth str ¦ . ¦ ¦
WANTED — By a Scotch-Canadian woman, sit-
uation in private family as cook or. house-
iwork; city references. 116 Fulton st.
POSITION by first-class weitress in American
family. Call 120 Lily ave., bet. Page and
Oak gts. '-"\- '
WANTED — A position as housekeeper* by* ¦ a
competent Amerclan woman with *>ne chll'd.
Address MRS. LANE, 046 Mission St., rm. 10.
SWISS girl would like to get light second work.
Call or address 110fl"E. 17th St., E. Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as an Improver
in dressmaking. Apply. 318 Brannan St., rear.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. U4 Hayes St., near Larkln. • "•
GERMAN woman wishes a position as working
housekeeper. Call or add. 201 -Taylor st. i
WOMAN wants place as working housekeeper
where full charge will be given. Call after-
noons or address MRS. M. E. F., 1124 Thlr-
" tecnth-ave.. East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted — Expert will go to ladles'
- .homes to give scalp treatment, facial, mas-
sage, etc. ; best of references. MISS A. DA-
VIS, phone Folsom 131. ., : ,. '
GERMAN lady wishes situation as housekeeper
• or do general housework; wages $15. 1331
Scctt Bt., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. \
WIDOW wants position as worklmr house-
keeper in hotel or rooming-house; experi-
enced ; references, j Box 2030, Call.
A REFINED young lady . with • experience de-
sires ' a situation as Saleslady in dry goods
house." Box 2288, Call, i .- . '
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as assistant
bookkeeper; understands " typewriting. Ad-
dress box 2918, Call office. ' . ; "
; $5
j MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .335 Geary st.
; WANTED — Cock, I boarding-house, $30; cook,
j country, no wash.- $S5: general housework
j . girl, 3 family, no washing, $30; .7 second
; girls, $20. §25; chamber work, $20: chamber-
; work and sewing, $25; cook, 3 people, sleep
i * home, no washing, $15; seamstress and cham-
I bermaid. $25: cook and second girl, same
house, $25, $20; "nurse. $25; colored cook, no
i wash, $20; housekeeper. Shasta Co., $12 50:
i restaurant waitresses, - $6, ' $7 -week and ¦ $25
i per month; 0 chamberwork^ wait 1 meal, $20;
; head waitress, ?25; 40. girls for all kinds of
: housework, good wages: call early. J. ¦ F.
: CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also have a. few ma-
chines empty for girls about 10. years. of age
to leain. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough.and Grove sts."
¦ WANTED — Young lady bookkeeper. Address,
with references, mail only, ALFRED LIL-
IENFELD, DOS, Market st. . -
PROTESTANT woman for general housework;
small family; $10 per month. 418 Leaven-
worth' st. . . :
GIRL wanted to bassist in housework; . goo-1
wages. * 535 Brunswick, Mission road; . in-
quire Six-Mile House. . " " .¦-•¦" . . ¦
; A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
I self-assertion ; good opportunity to right -par-
I ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Apprentice girl >on custom coats;
paid while learning. 445A Natoma st. -
•GIRL to do housework and assist with plain
cooking, $15. 1121 Stelner st.
WANTED — Young- girl to assist with house-
• work; small family adults. 216S Sutter st.
j WANTED — Girl to assist in general house-
work. 3740 Twenty-fifth St.. cor. Fair Oaks.
GIRL, for housework: must understand ¦ cook-
| ing; 3 in family. Apply at 1028 Pierce > st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
ily: $15. 1C1S McAllister st.
GLOVEMAKERS on welted work; large Singer
machine. Carson' Glove Co., 35 Market st. •
YOUNG . woman to do general 'housework;
wages $20. 2590 Hov.-ard st. \ '
WANTED — Second r/irl to wait at table. Call
morning at 1001 :7 J ost.st
COLLAR rubbers wanted at Electric Laundry,
i S35 Folsom st. , " ¦
A YOUNG girl to help do light housework. 526
.. Grove st- '
GIRL to wait on table; wages $20. Eureka
Hotel. 415 Brannan st. '
COMPETENT- person for window and house
cleaning. 018 Sanchez, nr. Twenty-second.
NEAT willing girl for general housework. Ap-
ply after 10 a. m., 2t>16 Sutter st. .
GIRL to do housework. -SIS Hayes st.
FINISHER wanted on "men's coats at 1005
, Howard st. •
DISHWASHER — 511 Brannan st., near Fourth.
Call early; no Sunday work. ;.
WANTED — Experienced dyer and cleaner; ref-
erence, required. 583 Mission st.
WANTED — Boy-for mercantile house. Address,
statics age. box 2271. Call office.
BOYS wanted. $3 per week. Mutual Label and
Lltho. Co., Second and Bryant sts., box dept.
WANTED— Tinsmith familiar, ' with Jobbing.
Apply 7 to 10 at 533 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS * gasfltter and a helper. 623
. Golden Gate ave.. H. HUFSCHMIDT.
GOOD barber wanted for Thursday, Saturday
and Sunday. 14C5Polk st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 631 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED neat waiter. 1507 -Market
St.," near Eleventh. ¦ • ... .
THOROUGH retail jewelry salesman; "good |
¦ salary and steady position. • Box 2268, Call.
EXPERIENCED starch lroner; also mangle j
girl. ' Russ House Laundry.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoetrav-f
eler for Northern" California and Southern ¦
Oregon; must be familiar, with the above ter- j
ritory: state salary and where employed. Box I
. 2270. Call office.
WANTED — A first-class wrapper ' at RA- j
•PHAEL'S, Inc. j
WANTED— Coatmaker. 620 Kearny st,, room ;
1, first floor.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U. j
- S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good '
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not [
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 0 feet 1 j
inch; able to speak and read English. ' For \
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office." 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. > . !
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half i
. price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. >
. WANTED — Business men, to present a good j
proposition; we want good talkers; salary.
819 Market, room 45; room 41, Macdonough !
bldg., Oakland: room 55, Porter bldsr., San
Jose.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $150
cash; light indoor work; $15 week; no expe-
rience nece&sary; enly those having the cash
and mean business apply. BROWN, 1221
Market street, upstairs. •' ';. ,\' -"' j
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: • eight !
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed; 1
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
.Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical ' draughtsman and
designer for detail work on heavy machinery;
state experience in detail. Box 3191. Call.
SPECIAL offer for salesman to take orders tn
country towns; -chance to make big money.
Call at once 9 Leavenworth st.
WANTED — Of flee boy; must write and figure
well. Box 2013. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
run3 Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. .
\Y ' "NTKD^-Flrst-class experienced floor walker
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVTES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement. 1126 Market st,. 3. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
\ -St.. sear 26th: avoid delay; -same low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposlto
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS er.gine3, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap — Several good cooking stoves,
8. 7. S and No. 10; 1 steel range, with high
shelf- 1 8-ft. brick range; 1 6-ft. brick range.
At WM. LOANE. 43»»Flfth St.
A BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. "WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap: also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods.. IL
S. WHITE. 516-5-0 Mlagion st. __^
SEALSKIN Eton Jacket, 20 Inches long,
finest quality; cost originally $175; same as
tew; $S0 cash; 36 bust. Box 2973. Call.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
•St.. upstairs.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery &t.
CALIGRAPH No. 2 typewriter for sale very
cheap. 311 Gfant ave.. 3-7 p. m.. r. 8 and 0.
FOR sale — H6-horsepower gas engine in good
order. "WM. LOANE. 43t> Fifth St.
FRESH young Durham cow; rich milk; gentle.
83 Shotwell st.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER - HAMILTON.
FOR sale — Cheap; a rare mahogany grand-
father clock. 208 Montgomery ave.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1S15. worth $250, only
$90. Portland LoanjOXflce. 25 Stockton at.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 00. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined, $3.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton at.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 380 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second-hand." THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 0 Stevenson.
cr the company, in the Parrott building, lo-
csted on Market Et., between Fourth and
Fifth. In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY.
t:je 16th day of January, 1302, at 2 o'clock
p. n«.. for the purpose of electing directors
end for the transaction of such ether bust- '
ness as may properly ccme before the meet-
rig. By order of > the hoard of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902. . •
HAKALAU. PLANTATION COMPANY, office
:I27 Market et.. San Francisco, Dec. 31, 1301:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of th*
itoekholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. S27 Market St.. in the city end county
<Jf Kan Francisco. State of California. - on
TTKDXESDAY. the 15th day of January,
"19C2, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
•:he purpose of electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year and -for the
purpose of amending article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Jan-
nary 4, at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE ar.uual meeting of the stockholder: of The
Xevafla National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at JU banking-house, 301
llontrninery et.. San Francisco. Cal.. • on
TUESDAY. January 14: 1302. at 3:15 o'clock
;p. tn., for the election cf directors to serve
?cr the ensuing year and the transaction of
:»ueh other business as may come before the
aieetinp. GHORGE GRANT. Secretory. . .
fi«n Fr?r"*l«vv Dm>nil»r 13. Iflfti. : v^ .
ACEXTS WASTED, '
CANVASSERS, male an<ff«nliu£rin*eTery~dly'.
vown and village; article absolute necessity; .1
iialcs increasing: 100 % profit; permanent
agoy. possible. Sutherland, r. 14, Flood bldg.
A'JKICTS — Do you want something- more profit-
able and oaFler to pell than books or lnstir-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON." r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTL'3- HOOFIXG. T V
CiTY AKPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market eti—Roofi]
Gidews Iks. floors: cheap rates. .Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
A13VICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick, quiet;
do charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJchn31Sl.
G..W. HOWK; 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton,
ADVICE free; divorce: bankruptcy; collections:
r.ttacliments; mortgages: bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless sue--
txt-sful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,S19 Market.
R.-W. KING, attorney. Exam. bldg.. 6th floor;.!
all cases; fees low;* estates, collections, etc.; i
<»nsultation free; no advance fees; open eves. |
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.,- W.' j
IV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market sL. opp. ; Mason..
i-. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.; 027 Mar- I
*«-> •*.; consultation free; no fees In advance. I
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 l'.KK) ;
14 rooms; worth $800 500 j
10 rooms; only ."..' 300
_4 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1S50 j
15 nxims; sunny corner lOOO j
22 nxims; transient: clears $150:.. 1250 i
23 rooms; clears $100 .............. 050
100 rooms; clears $400 ' 6000
10 rooms; on Eddy Et 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN .V.....
1 H. C DECKER, 1020 l!arket; phone Mint 71KJ.
A— Near the Call Buildlrg:.
Phone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-
_ • » 2. Money to loan on
'.-. • J • ¦ lodging-houses or on
real estate. Bis: free list cf lodging-houses at
ray office. All for sale on easy terms. Call.
' 22 r. ; rent $06; central;l floor;elean;full.$1200
• 25 r.; clears about $60 each month $750
25 r.;rent $50;!ncome §150;3 blks of Mkt. $1600
"6 r.; 40 boarders; first-class location;' clears
$175' mo. ; owner sick; exchange for' small
'. house or real estate; investigate: make offer.-
13 r.: fine carpets: low rent; a bargain.. $3.50
47 r. ;elegant;clears $147 mo. ;simply Ist-class.' |
A— WINSTON & WOLF, 1023 Market; photo-
grarh gallery entrance; Dhone Jessje 2211.
Invite you to call upon them if you desire to
. buy a lodging-house, and you are certain to
- obtain fair dealing. Specials:
30 rooms; rent S75 ?14OO
4ft rooms; rent $100 ; ..; 32.")0
45 rooms; rent $125 2000
1C rooms; rent $07 : C70
14 rooms; rent $60. ..;.......... 1000
15 rooms; rent $37 50 1050
AA . . . .ATTENTION, BUYERS : . . . . . .AA
You may buy any rooming-house in the
city and pay for it .
In monthly payments •
From the profits of the house. ¦
-' ¦ - We furnish vacant houses I
And loan money at lowest rates. . /
I.'- DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, •
KiO Market st. Tel. Davis 2SU\
$1500 — 100-ROOM house; cheap rent.
$400— 34- room house; cheap rent. >
Goo3-paying workingmen's houses: 70 housen
1 more on list: some good bargains: before you
buy call and Investigate. McBRIDE & CO l
7C5 Market St.
BUYERS. If you want a lodging-house - that
WILL PAY, or If you want to borrow
MONEY at l^per cent, call on : M. E.
RIVES, 610 Market St.. rm. 09; tel. Main 128.
A — NOTICE^ — "We- have rooming-houseR," all?
sizes and prices.- in all parts of < the city; pet
' our list. first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt.
J.H.ST ANTON, real estate and business broker!
remaved from 34' Kearny to 777 }_ 'Market;
hundreds .of lodging-houses and bus. chances."
10- ROOII HOUSE. ALWAYS CLEARS $65. "-
' TO MAKE A QUICK SALE I OFFER THIS
: BARGAIN nt only. $650: paym'ts. " RetsloflT. :
A — WE buy, sell or exchange lodging-houses cf
;i any kind. STRAND & CO.. Kearny, st.
A-^ ELKGANT new northwest corner," 45 "wims,
4 baths. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg-. — Painless dentistry- at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 CO; other fill-
ings, $1; sold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. ?o . up.
i Painless extraction. •
¦I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
" wonderful storGt, . f)£iinl6ss TTi^tho^j 20 y©_Li*s*.'
experience; no students; advice free;' prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell _t.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 GO up; plates, extractions free, $4 DO
up; office hours, \9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, P.P. S. , Manager.
A- NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
." plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted.' Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D.r dentist,
room 24,,14 McAllister St.; painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. "Bush--:
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; • painless extraction,
; DOCK. Y. Dentists, 0SS9 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polkht : • ¦ ¦¦'¦..'
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkin — Pain-
less ext., 00c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. ;G. TRUMAN, dentist, third ": floor, ¦ Ex-
vaminer building; fonnerly In) Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST. /;
DR.. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist.
.i late of New York City,' 1 has just ¦ located - at
. HOC Jones Et, .where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated .. animals; ' office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085. . .
DOG 1 HOSPITALS, i
DR. CREELY'S C. P. doK soap - by.f druggists
or at the Hospital, . 510 Golden. Gate ave. .-,-..
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTIIKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. : 1019 Market. St.;? .
FRENCH accordion and <knife pleating:.'-.- WM.'
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.."; ; : *
HEALD' s
• S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
.. all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
;.- engineering; day and night; catalogue free.--
A— The official reporters r of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE., Is this advice worth, fol-
. lo wins?. Life echolarshtoSnO: catalogue.
BY- elderly American woman, position do light
housework; moderate wages. Call at 6-5
Chestnut Et., Oakland.- , . , J
WANTED — To sew In families; $1 per day and'
car fare; city 'or country.' Address D., box
2y<»2,' Call ofjlce. ¦ . .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 2110 rooms;.25c to $1.50 per night; $1.50
. to $0. week ;¦ convenient and respectable; free
" bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st. . .. : '~, ¦..' •' . •
HMH.OYMEST WAKTED— MALE.
RESPECTABLE youngr>. man," has worked 6
- years In ¦ Boston, at plumbing business, has
, Eoston ' Journeyman's license, ¦ would like Job
with real estate man to do all repairing, or in
good plumbing shop; ? has tools; good ref-
. erences. WM. A. HIGGINS, 52 Prospect ave.'
GERMAN gentleman; possessing English, Span-
ish ; and ' German, ' desires situation as - corre-
spondent or : any kind of of flee , work ; knows
shorthand and has experience in South Amer-
¦ lean trade..: Box 2272, Call.',' ...;
PORTER, 'neat young man, "strong and .willing,
. desires work for board during winter season;
¦- unquestionable 1 references. . Address . Norvl-
gan. box 2269, . Cair office. ; .
WANTED— Position as , porter, or > stableman;
understands gardening: no objection. to coun-,
try; colored. Address 6501 Raymond st., Oak-
¦ land.;. ;'¦ ¦ '.¦¦ ¦ : : .-. . ¦ .;,-• v ' ¦ ¦ ' ' • •;
BUSINESS - man, stranger - in city, " will . take
•i any position at any salary and work up;, will'
give, bonds or cash security. Box 2270, Call.
SITUATION wanted; Scotch couple; house man
. : and cook; reference." \ Box 2929, Call. .-. :,:
'AN ' experienced, reliable • middle-aged ; man ; de-
¦¦• sires position as bartender. .Box 2274, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter and ' paperhanger i wan ts
: * position - at • trade; ' city ' or . country; ' contract;
\ work. ; - Box ' 2337, ¦ Call office. /
A YOUNG ': strong • man . wishes work . of , any
• kind . in ' city ; *• factory . or ". inside work j pre-
. ferred. Box : 22S0. Call r of flee. .---';;- ¦—-:.>¦*'¦
EXPERIENCED young • man wishes j situation
as clerk in hotel or rooming house; good ref-
, erence. ; Box 2278. , Call office. . v
GOOD, aj honest, ', sober A and * industrious -, young
•;; man would like to work in a grocery, or cigar
• store ; ; have ; feot - references . and ¦ experience.
; Address box 2300,j Call -office, ..
BAKER, f good '; reliable • man,' i wants ; position ; '
1 :.; country, shop. -'. '¦¦¦ Baker, \ 246 Third -St.
SITUATION- as grocery clerk by young man of
.- experience.': Box : 2074.' Call.". •>:--¦¦ " . r ' :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call, branch! of flee," 2200 Fillmor&'i
A, BRANCHofflce for Call advertisements and
7 subscriptions h«_ been established at 1090
Valonol- -?_ '; - "¦'«- . • ' '.
GIRL, German preferred, for light housework.
1053 Market st., upstairs.*;...' •.".-
WANTED— An educated, reflned woman to
travel . for business firm; previous experience
not. necessary; references required. Box 22S3,
Call office. !;». ( V
TWO , bright active young - women to learn
waiting on table; flrst 10 days no pay, only
board ; ; next two months, 8 hours a -day,
$20 per month; then full pay. 725 Market st.
WANTED— A woman to do 2 or 3 hours' work
daily in a small family for room and board
Box 2280, Call .
LADY physician to assist in proprietary remedy
business; splendid opportunity. Box 228_,
; Call office. - -' ' - :-- .'
EXPERIENCED operators- on shirts. HEY-'
NEMANN& CO..,410^ Mission st. r '
WANTED^-Neat '' girl r for general ' housework
; and plain cooking; wages $18 to $20. 1947
¦.Pine st. ¦ ¦ ' '. ¦ ¦¦¦?-.. ' ¦ .' -. -
EXPERIENCED waitress; also lunch and.dln-
: ner;armwor_: taught if otherwise bright 725
Market st. ,: - " " , •
WANTED^-A- girl for general housework ;
¦ wages $20. 630 Shotwell'st.,, cor. '21st.
AMATEUR singers iwanted.' Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock .this evening. . •
WANTED— Young glxl to assist with house-
work.' 1362 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS :' tuckers . on • shirt waists; " good
,• . wages. . BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome
GIRL for. sreneral housework and '". cooking;
. small .family." ; 1S00 Sutter st.
CAL. V College of Hairdressing and Massage; ac-
'.:. knowledged superior : / to ., all ¦ others; : every
branch . of i the • trade thoroughly ¦: and prac-
' . ¦ tically ;-: taught • in '3 .: weeks: \ tuition . v5; : our
; pupils ' are*, our Irvine - advertisement. ; Call
'.^Supreme Court bldg.,- 305. Larkln st. ; take ele.
AN . elderly i German^ lady ; to" take -'care of " two
children; must have some experience as gov-
erness; state religion; salary, .$30 and found.
.Box 2994: "Call office. -, . v :: ..;;•¦--
HAIRDRESSING. • massase, manicurinc- tau_Sit
. In; 2 ;weeks: positions secured: day -and eve.-
classes. - San 'Francisco '-' Halrdressing Cof-
lege, ; 233 • Geary ; St.; rooms 13-15.- '-"-;
WANTED— A reliable. : American: .working
• -i housekeeper :. fond", of ;: children: moderate
.¦¦"-. wages ; ' good : home. Address , box 2204, Call."- ;
SEVERAL' younsr ¦ ladles -of respectable - famil-
ies wanted to learn; dry goods business; mubt
, live j in the Mission. :< Box' 2932/ Call. •¦¦.-¦
FINISHERS 'and 'tuckers on ladles' ' shirt
waists; good wages. 'BAUER' BROS. & CO.."
. 21 V Sansome . st.' , *^3S9in__i<_IRM_______g
"WANTED— A" good. lady cook for hotel in city.:
J ;.' Please ; Call - Humboldt ' House, ¦ 1309 Stockton
K> etreet. :;:;.'" ¦¦•¦;,.'¦.;-¦ . ;.:,¦, ¦..-.-...
A'FEW small girls to sew on buttons. BAUER
. .BROS.- &. CO., 21. Sansome st - - >-
for. dry goods store; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply; box 3172,, Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to DOc. ¦ 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and '_„ sts..
YOUNG man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at 8. F. Barber Col lege. , 741 A toward
McDONALD, & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
. hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st,
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st..nr. 5th.-
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulHs, -3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS," ordinary*, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
¦WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ba» been established at 1096
¦¦Valencia gt. .-• _"¦_________
HORSES AXD AVAGOXS.
DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wednes-
day. Jan. 8. at 11 a. m., at the Arcade Hors.
.Market. -327 Sixth St. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. r".
FOR sale— Black mare, 15 hands 1 Inch; Klec-
tioneer stock; sound, kind and gentle; suit-
able for lady to drive. - PETERS' Stable, 1314
Grove _t. , .' -
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one i-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
•VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.'
MARE, $15; horse. $20; horse, $40; buggy, $30;
coal wagon, $40; milk wagon, $40. 79 City
: Hall ave. ¦- ¦
CARLOAD heavy wagon horses: also 10 head
»ood livery horses. Santa ' Clara MUk Co.,
,721 Howard st. y.
2 BLACK teams: brewery or hacks; $350 each.
Star Stables. 2125 Mission st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
¦ and road horses. - DALZIEL. 605 Q. G.ave.
AN A" No. 1 express wagon. ; single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. .832 Mission.
* , ' HOCSCS TO* LET.
A — PRINTED list' houses to let: send for ctr-
cular. G. H.'UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
, HOUSES -TO LET—SAX MATOQ.
TO let — In ¦ San -- Mateo. sunny ¦; 6- room house ;
large yard: 2% blocks from station; rent $14.
.Apply at 647 Fulton St., San Francisco. . :
''- HOUSES -WANTED.
"A FURNISHED flat or house; house preferred;
about • 6 rooms; with modern improvements.
; Box 2297. Call. • •
|D1___M_M________M___________
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1015 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lenjeths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERPT. S21 Mlaslon St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving" pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Fost st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To hire a set of tools for cleaning-
out artesian well. Address Belvedere Land
-. Co., Belvedere.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
WANTED — A few diamonds; will pay cash
orders at once. Box 2073. Call of flee. : -
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sol_. Silverman, 0S4 Folsqm;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
¦ MONK i Y TO LOAN. ;.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
...;...r $4,500,000 at lowest rates .A
...... on first and second mortgages ,
.; Life Interests in- estates .-...:....
....... Property being held in trust .......
- "Undivided interests In real estate ...._,
. .Life Insurance policies, estates in probata..
..Financial problems cf all sorts and sizes..'
If You Need Money w
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner blf.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Inc).
$300,000 at 5H & 6 per cant in sums to suit:
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
" Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a" ove securities. Tel. Red 5024. .MAN-
HATTAN LOAN* CO., 7th floor, Crocker biff.
AN Y. AMOUNT AT, 6 PER CENT. .
First, second and third mortgages. —."-.....
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terrn3 before doing business elsewhere
..R. McCOLGAN .-
........ 21 Montgomery st.. room 3 ...:....
ANY proposition, any amount; tt per cent; flrst.
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 19,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1S5.1;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan.
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt. : tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St.. room ftl.T.
¦
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 105 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
. -.
¦ONEper cent on furniture: $5 a month on each,
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery «t-. r. _.SPEAK IB; MUSE
Some years ago King appealed to the
Woman's > Christian Temperance ¦ Union
for books, that he. might study, and since
then the members have taken an Interest
in him. . . " - !
Those .present at" the meeting were:'
Mrs. -H.. H.. Luse, -\ Mrs. P. _ P. Burgess
Mrs. L.. W. Eckley. Mrs. H. L.- McCoy
Mrs. : M. "'• J. Woodman, \ Mrs.' Rhodes,' Mrs'
Avery, Mrs. S. B. McCoy and Alfred Goss.
": King ; informed the members' of the
Woman's Christian Temperance ; Union
that' society is not doing its duty, inas
much as It • failed to ; assist a man in
prison • or - when : discharged. . Prisons," he'
said, also 'failed in so far as reforming
criminals, and society, • he declared, was
protected only so long as the convicted
were behind the Jail doors; The prisons
are schools . of " vice, where those- who
graduate from the saloons .finished their
criminal education. There •¦¦ Is what Is
called • a "congregate system" . In prisons
that admits of the old and the young, the
hardened offender and the novitiate indis
criminately associating together.
. During his incarceration King made a
study .or criminal sociology, and has writ
ten ¦ a" novel i entitled "The - World" Against
Him," in* which he deals with what he
calls "the popular prejudice that society
heaps upon. the man who has-been con
victed of an offense." -- ¦- -'•¦¦¦
-*A meeting of the Central Woman's
Christian -Temperance was ; held
yesterday at 132 McAllister ; street. Mrs.
S. B: McCoy presided. The special busi
ness of the -meeting was to hear an ad
dress ,by Joseph . King, -who on Sunday
last was released from, San Quentln State
prison after serving three- years -and sev
en months of a* sentence of five years for
burglary. - 1 -- .
of Prison Life.
Ex-Convict Speaks of Bad Influence
W. C. T. ( U.HEAES DISCTJSSION.
' Quincy Lee - Morrow followed with an
appeal to those present to strengthen the
already strong bond of unity which held
together those who. furthered the cause
of temperance. ~ ¦
The; Rev. J.- -A. -'B.'> Wilson -followed
with an elqquent appeal. to those present
to continue and increase : even . their ef
forts in the cause of temperance. Noth
ing, he said, stood so much In the way of
the.progress of the churches of all denom
inations as the drink traffic- The minis
ter highly, commended President Roose
velt for his efforts to close the New York
saloons on Sundays when he was a Police
Commissioner. \ .. -.--.-¦.
" Professor S.-P. Meads of Oakland real
numerous letters from South j Carolina in
reply to questions he had written to ascer
tain the statistics relative to the dispen
sary 'system. He condemned the system,
as. he did the officials: and politicians of
the State who had, anything at all to do
with the establishment of the system of
dispensaries. * ;
j ;The subject of aj substitute 'for i saloons
was arguedra'nd the results of the coffee
house at Oakland. were explained by Miss
M. A. Thompson and Mrs. M. B.Pelton.*
As an offset to the saloons Mrs. Teats,
Mrs. Cberolton and Chaplain Macomber,
U. S. A., spoke of the benefit that would
be derived by the establishing of reading-,
rooms -' and gyrnnaslxirnsrwliichr if was
pointed out, should be open the full week.
The. Rev. M: A?vHolt and -Mrs. Dorcaa
Spencer both took * up the dispensary- sys
tem, ¦ which, they said, with the exception
of prohibiting the sale of liquor to youths
made little difference in the State of
South Carolina, where it was in effect.
A paper by Mr. Buck'was read, and An
drew Johnston spoke of the. work of the
Independent . Order - of Good Templars,
which had' reached far into foreign coun
tries and even on board the United States
steamship . Kentucky, where there was a
branch of the order. ¦ ;- ¦ ¦ ¦¦ •¦ ¦¦
. The necessity of treating ' the i temper
ance question in the homes, .that children
may understand its importance on man's
life, \ was •; spoken of . by • -Mr.. • Pratt.
"Parental 1 influence," he said, "is 'of the
greatest importance in forming the child's
future." - ¦¦.-..¦ ».-,.¦••-.
.The afternoon session was largely .at
tended and was presided over by A. Tayn
ton. > ; '.'¦ . - -.: ¦-' :.¦'.¦•¦-
The assemblage arose and sang VAmer
ica," after which Mrs. H. H. Luse . be
sought the women of California to give
their aid in the work. toward the advance
ment . of temperance. ¦ She . called ¦. upon
.women of the city, to work among women,
while the men worked among men. Sho
pictured the besotted, ruined creatures
that came to her notice.
Proceedings opened with prayer and an
address of. welcome, delivered by' the Rev.
Dr.- John A. ;B.->-Wilson. ' '. .' -- ¦¦
.: Temperance J enthusiasts and workers
gathered • in \ conference at'- the • Howard
street Methodist Episcopal Church yester
day morning, and continued " the session
durlnjs r *the day t and evening!; "... - 4 -
Dispen&ary System in South
Is Severely
/. Condenined.
PrpHlbitibnistis Meet, to
¦ Urge Comrades on '
to Workiv 'ri
' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' * ¦¦ -- ¦.'.-¦¦. - . - .- ¦ ¦ ¦>..?, ' y .-.----'»¦.-¦ -" - - - . - .
THE SAN FRANCIS^ j 1902.
11
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office • or sunny
furnished ' rooms, , en • suite or single. ' . ..,'
MONTGOMERY. 619— Large front V sunny
, rooms; $2 week. • ¦" ., ' i
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished-rooms; $2, a week up; 35c a day up.
NINTH, • 91; cor. Mlsslon^Large sunny . parlor
with ; slderoom. suitable for dentist * or doc-"
tor's office or private; rent reasonable.-. *-'
O'FARRELL,. 20— Sunny : furnished rooms and
'- '¦ offices"; : elevator; ¦ elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 426 — Rooms suitable for 4 gents; also
single rooms, $2. up.: _ • : ¦ , . .. -
-..MARRIAGE: LICENSES.'" ;
¦ ¦ ' ¦.•¦'..'./¦. •< ¦ • .-¦ •_ - -^ .-¦¦".¦¦..
.-. The following marriage licenses -were issued,
yesterday :.:-..; :¦/: ¦. ...-.-, ¦ • v •' ....,,-
¦' Eugene Guinasso, 22, 17» Jasper ''place, : and
Emilia Guinasso, 21, Petaluma.- :•. ¦ -
-Irving F." Tremain, ' 30, ' 31 % Alta" Btreet, - and
Margaret G. ' Miller. 22, - 31 'Alta street.- •'-' -
Irving B. -Cook, \ 40; 75 Noe. street, and Hat-
tie Lewis. 28, 639 Haight street. ' ., ;
Edward .-' B. . Brutsman; • 34, • 667 Minna street,
and Nellie : Kirwan. - 25. . city.; < - .
Frank F. . Reames, : 24, city, - and Emma Grif-
ford,'24.-:city.- ; " ¦ '• '.' : ,' . --- : -.¦'
Frank B. L Pattee, 26,- Angels Camp, and Vir-
ginia Higginbotham, 23,^ Ogden, ¦ Utah. >:-¦¦ ' ¦'¦
¦ Santiago ' Maceo, 22; 1006 .Clay,- street, and
Ethyle Gettyss, 21. 1015 Powell etreet--
: I - Rudolph I F. . Ruffs,; 22,'"' 1907: Stockton street,
and Sarah L. Williams, 17, 18 Verona. place."
Melvyn ' B. -., Holton," 30, :- Grass Valley, and
Marearet > Orr, . 28, city. •-- -. r ¦-• " ':• .-. ', . . ' ¦
: - Thomas * R. ¦ Laubach, - : 31, ' 113 Page -street
and 'Alice Flannelly," 29. • 1332 Jackson street. -.-
• Pert ecto Rodrigerez, - 42, r city, . • and ¦ ' Laura
Buetna • 35,- city.— .- .'-¦¦.., .' . - <¦,
i Frank J. Lobbett,' 24, 314 Van Ness avenue,'
and Blanche L. Turnery 21, 830 Bush street.
*: Hans- C: ¦' Andersen, * 37, ¦ 1231 • Sacramento
street; and . Carrie Carlsen, < 26. Philadelphia;. .
Henrys J. Holllnss, 29.; 929 Larkln street,
and Minnie C. Malatesta, 29, 232 Van - Ness.
POST, 1812%— Nicely furnished room,
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; board optional. ; . . -
POWELL; 239, ~ cor. Geary (Edinburgh)— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny suites and, singles;
also handsome front rms., suitable for office..
SHERMAN ' Apartment ' House, 28 : Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. "\
TURK.' 130 — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
' keeping; reasonable and clean. •. . -. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee,- 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for .Call advertisements anl
subscriptions ' has ¦ been . established at 1000
-Valencia et. , .# ¦ \. ..'. .....'
ASH— In this city, December '30,; 19.01, to the
wife of William Ash of La Grande, Or., a
"¦-.con.-. .-.¦¦. --'>- : . .' , ¦ .7;'- ¦-. -. ';.; • ;.- , r : >•;>;;
ATWATER— In' this city, .January 2, 1902, to'
the wife of H. G. C. Atwater,.a"son. -^ .-•--: ¦-¦
McINTOSH— In this city,; January 7, ¦ 1902, to
the wife < of C.. H.McIntosh,' aeon. .- v . ¦-,--
Birth, marriage and Jeath notices .sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at -either of the ' publication - offices I and be
indorsed with the name and i residence of *per-
sons authorized to have the same published. I •
BIRTHS^MARRI&GES-DEATE
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A BUSINESS housed with no Interest except to
see a well deserved success made, would be
glad to recommend an exceedingly good,
homelike ' boarding-house to a few young
men; rates reasonable. Address 2920, Call. •
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished; good table; in warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 .Valencia et. :
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia -and 21st 6t6.
— In the "Warm Belt" ;. free from prevailins
fogs ; choice sunny - suits ; - first class. ; . .
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALT & CARR, 6 Eddy St.
BIRD— SUTTON — In this city. January 6,' 1902.
. by the Rev. > F. B." Cherineton. -Byron B.
: ¦ Bird and Mary R.'Sutton, both of, Ely Nev.
HUNZIKER-^HUGGLER— In I this city. . Janu-
ary 4. 1002, by the , Rev.' Hermann i Gehrcke,
1 Theodore ¦ G. A. Hunzlker and Katharina
Huggler, both of San Francisco, r* \ ; • - *-
PEASE — JENNINGS^ — In San Jose. January
3, 1002,-. John ¦ Pease or San- Mateo and Kittle
A. Jennings of San Francisco. '¦ . .- •
PIERCE— TRUDGEON— In this city, January
8, 1902. at s the . Winchester; Hotel, by the
Rev. Dr. John A:,. B.' „ Wilson, • Elmer Ells-
worth Pierce and Grace Belle . Trudgeon,
both ot San" Francisco. .-;' - - "- ... -
MARRIED.
A NICE list of chicken ranches near Petaluma.
R. N. EMMONS & SON, 11 Montgomery st
OULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cat
PRIVATE board for 1 or 2; room and board
$20 mo. 2022 .Woolsey st. Lorln. Berkeley.
JOHNSON House, 605 O'Farrell-^-Sunny suite 3
rms.; run, water; ex; table; beau, grounds.
HOTEL Repelier. TS1 Sutter — Newly. furnished;
excellent table ; special rates to tourists. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA. 807- (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
VAN - NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv. ; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS AND -HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and lodging with a French
Jewish family; ref. given. Box 2276, Call.
$ 500 CASH, balance to suit, will buy a new.
first-class modern 6-room cottage: sunny
elde; choice location; worth $2750; at your
own price If sold before 15th inst. 'H. ' G.
MEHRTENS, 1520 Webster st, Alameda.
ROOMS WASTED.
10-ROOM . cottage, all on 1 floor; . modern Im-
provements; grand borne for large family;
half acre of ground: close to station; must
be sold. . E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park Bt,
Alameda;
LADY wants two furnished housekeeping rooms
under 520; vicinity Taylor and Bush. Address
Box 2928, Call. .
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
' acquired toy foreclosure: H cash. Bank of Ala.
RUPTURE SANITAJIIUM.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market 6t; treatment free; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NEWLY and beautifully furnished house In
the choicest part of Alameda; will rent for
a term of 6 months or a year; $S0 a month.
Address P. O. box 364. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
|200 TO |225 — We are offering a few lots at
this extremely low figure; each 40x135; street
sewered; aU ready to build on; a snap. MAY
& MORTIMER. Berkeley Station. •
NOTICE Is- hereby given that the- Maria Kip
.Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San I Francisco.
* has received the following orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to Jan. 1, 1902: Jennie Anderson, aged 7
years, Olga Anderson, 4; Alice Obrist, 7;
' Onlta V. May berry, 11; Lucy B. Cain, 9;
Mary Colgrove, '3: Mary M. Crankshaw 6:
¦ Gladys Crankshaw, 5: Adelaide Parker, 10;
Margaret ¦ Voss, 10; Joycelin E. Martin. 11;
Ethel Plant, 12: Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe.
9; Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe, 2; Ruth
. Congdon, 7; Mildred. Congdon, 5; Florence
. Hodge. 18 months; Grace Bess. 6 years; Irene
Jones. 10. . . ; . I
$650 BUYS a lot 40x135: right up in town, at
North Berkeley; street -work done; these are
bargains; call an. see us. MAY & MORTI-
MER. Berkeley Station.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
' city or PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10;tel.65SO.
ffiWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$500— LOT&0xl_5; In the hills of the beautiful
Scenic Park Tract, near college agency foe
the sightly Wheeler and Scenic Park Tract.-
MAY & MORTIMER. 2123 Center St.. Berke-
ley Station. ' :
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 203 _t_.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented/exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.'
FRUITVAL.B FIJI-If ISHEH HOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713,;
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion et.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and' Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Et.; phone Jackson 281. \
BJEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st:
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ¦
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school : furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or out
hour from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building.'
or H. A. PLEITfJER. Fruitvale Station.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE of. the Contra Costa Water' Com-
pany, room 16, second floor. Mills building.
San Francisco, Jan.' 7, 'r 1902 — Dividend No
196, of 42 cents per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of .the Contra Costa "Water Com-
pany, will . be payable at the . office of said
company room 16 second floor, Mills build-
ing,- on Jan. 15, 1902. books will
close on Jan. 9. -1902,- at 3 p. m. - - •-.•.
. ~ - . EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend,- No. 37. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share. on the Issued capi-
. tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California St., San - Francisco, on January
10th, 1902. • Transfer books close January
3d.' 1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. See. '.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LE3T.
LEGAL ADV-.HT1SKM-.2VT9.
OA-O-AJTD FCKSITCRE FOR. SALES.
An Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale, Friday, 12 o'clock,
at main entrance to new City Hall, on Larkin
st., opposite Fulton Bt., of . improved : city
realty consisting of 2 houses and lots; invest-
ment-draws 12 per' cent on $4000. • Location
of property 650. and CGI Minna st. , :'.;. : .-
ELLIS, ¦ 830 — Two email furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In rear; rent ?10. ; ¦• .
HOUSEKEEPING rooms; comfortable.
Rausch St., near Folsora. • '
HOWARD. 10C3— 2 completely furnished sunny
front bay-window rooms; range; elec. lights.
MARTHA PI., No. 3. off Geary St.. bet. Mason
and Taylor ets.— To let. 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished- complete; nice, back
yard; cheap rent; every convenience.
Telephone ; South r 80
(Successor to Flannasair& Gallagher.) \&
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN, M«r. "-•.'. X*
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS .AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth- Bt.V.. opposite. Lincoln. School. «
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO;
Mti Glivet Gem eteryi
. S AN 1 BRUNO ; HILLS. .
OFFICE »16 MARKET STREET.
' .-:"' ' : j: HENDERSON. > Manager.
Samuel McFadden,*18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' : Association ; M. J.
McBrearty, I with the I same I company for , 18
years: P. :F. Green,. late with J.:C. O'Con-
nor '¦ & i Co> have opened J new Funeral ! Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and EiKhth.*r Telephone* South 44.
NEW FIRM. OF: UNDERTAKERS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions las been established at 1090
Valencia st, l --- 1 _fl_8l_WWI---M-IH_M--Wfc--H|
REMOVED!
: /mcGINNiBROS.; \
FUNERAL ' DIRECTORS i and . EMBALMERS, 1
to 222 and 226 McAllister street. (Formerly, of
31* Eddy street.V Tel. t South 252.) i3^-_j___gj__|
, TLAJLWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CO.
SAN - FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY./ |
Tlburon Ferry," Foot of Market St.
'¦:':¦'. ' .Son Francisco 10 San Rafaol. /. : ' -
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30, 8:30, 6:30 p. ¦ m. Thursdays — Extra
¦j trip at' 11:30 P- m. Saturdays — Extra trips
- at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m. ¦¦ - ¦ • .
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:_0»
5:00. 6:20 p.; m. , ..
San Rafael to $nn Francisco.' .
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, ,7:60, 0:20. "11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 8:40.- 6:15 p. m. -.- Saturdays--Extra
• trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. r -m. := • ¦•-
SUNDAYS — 8:10, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
.5:05,-0:25 p. m. '- ; ... ..... -
Leave : I In Effect. I.'-- AVrlve ,
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 19011 Ean Franolsca
"Week I Sun- I •: : I ;Sun-. 1 -Week -
Days. I days. I Destination I » days. I Days. -
7:30am 8:00am : Ncvato, . 10;40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
..:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
'.-.-'>-.¦, :/. ¦:•.-;- ... Fulton. .- ¦ ¦¦¦ ,¦•"¦
7:30am ; Windsor, ' \ 10:25am
. . ¦ 6-C0pm Healds burg, 10 :40am
¦;Lytton,-- ...
".'¦' Geyserville, ',:..'¦¦ . , ' :
'3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm .: Hopland,/ 10:40am 10:25am.
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. -7:35pm 6:20pm.
.:' 7:30am --•:•" *.- : r - - lOrtOam 10s-5am
; " 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:30pm ¦
,3:30pm 5:0Cpm ¦ • ¦'?-:¦¦ 6:20pm
* 7:80am 8:00am Sonoma 8:15am 8:40am
•¦• • ¦ ¦ ¦'• ¦ N ' ¦ • '. and ' .', .*¦?. •';.: t '¦¦''.-.•
- 5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen, :6:05pm 8:20pm!
- 7:30am|,8:00amr •", v |10:40am|10:2_am
1 3 :30pm| 6 :00pm | Sebastopol,* |( 7 :35pm | 6:20pm"
: Stages * connect at Santa Rosa for . Mark
West -Springs -and White Sulphur Springs; at-
Fulton^ for :.Altrurla; "at Ly tton ; . f or • Ly tton
Springs ;' at Geyservllte for Skaggs Springs; at
¦Cloverdale. for. the ¦ Gey s_r« : -t •- Hopland for
' Duncan '; Strings, - Highland : \ Springs. ¦< Kelsey
v'ille,- Carlsbad . Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport
and » Bartlett' Springs; • at Uklah for VJchy
Springs, Saratoga; Springs. Blue Lake*. -Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*s. j
Bucknell's.^Sanhedrln; Heights.: Hullvllle. Orr's !
Hot t Springs," Mendocino - - City, Fort Bragg,'
Westport,:Usal. Wllllts.' Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's .Springs, .Harris, Olsen's, ' Dyer, - Scotia.'
and- Eureka: va---' ; -<gWsrf_WW ) '-fr PQ&ffBBKA
¦ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.'. ;¦.-."' ;¦*-- -< .-»..¦;- ..-_':- -. , ,
On . Sundays round-trip 1 tickets - to - all ' points
beyondSan Rafael -at .half rates.'
. .Ticket, office, 650 Market .street, .Chronicle
building. ¦ -""¦';' ""*-* • '" '-' ' : 1
-H. C. WHITING, - K..X. KYAN." ¦ ¦¦<
* -,..¦.,.: Gen, Manager. '_ Gen., Pass. A«t.;;j
:¦ •- Leave ;¦¦• .Via Sausalito Ferry : -- Arrive : . -
San Fran, i. Foot df Market St.' - San Fran.
' . r r>n,EuTtudmt<S_«9ll-dbtitn.tl.Ml .
* _w_oto_<««, _a j_uu-cz ii-jua ¦_* sACt_uzo_nu_, -.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
jtoP8.7to_-X»9 Fifth St. Tel. South ie?
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS-
,: nnest ja Equ>pm-nt at w Moderate ¦ l__,te_. »
BROADWAY, 030 — 2 sunny front rooms; hot
bath; cold water; yard; rent, $8. . ;
BURNETT. 1420' Market <old ,No.'. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single ; also unfurnished.
KLLIS.sS2l (MtKsart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
•.'{5c. $- f»0 nigh;; $1 50. $0 wk.; open all night.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices, reasonable. ¦
Jf 1TTH. S03 — Two single - furnished -• rooms, ? $5
* eich; heater. ¦!_ viahed to warm ud.
EL v^"<r j 7i T i 0t!!5 hair «moved and rooU killed.
JOIS. ALLIE M. NX T NN, 1002_i Dolores »h .-.
EVELYN, 208 '• Powell — Sunny front' suite i sult-
al.-le for;offlceB; sunny "Blngles,; $1^50 up. ¦ ~
«JAMBS\ I«lcGINN, :
Formerly / with • McGinn ¦¦Bros.fr has .- opened
new . Funeral Parlors I at : 214 1 Eddy I St.. i bet ;
Taylor/ and > Jones. -..Telephone = South . 678. • ¦
BCPERFLUOUfi hair a'nd moles destroyed with
cle-ctnc nccdlt. MME. DOLING, *07B Hyde.
Srf- ART ISTIC F LORAL DC5 16 N IS
Prices Peaisonab/e X r
107 POWELL ST,^EU|53S£ 50J56
a!- Superfluous halr. moles destroyed
by electric cetdlt. OC8 Sutter; tel.Larkln 3171.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
.rears experience. J. B. RAY. 45T Minna st'
'1^ MI ? :UTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; ro e and 25c. All druggists.
THE A'VIDA -OMPANT permanently cures
_ Etorgach trouble. 7C3 Valencia et.. cor. 19th.
** nS- 3^ 1 -; halr is or youare bald call on
__^* ; » : fc : Moore. K32 O'Farreli; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
. metric nee_>., MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter it
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door. ';
A— BRUNSWICK House. : 143 Sixth— Rooms.
26c to <1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night"-- :
£.ne Chon« tc Co. has removed from 115 Stock.
ton to f>es Geary, bet Taylor & Jones, where
_ can be found ine utock of la&ies' underwear.
UOOMS TO W3T— Fnrn. and Urtfarn.
V HITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
_ IO-. 1310-l__2 Stockton «t. near Broadway.
THE latest and best things In ladies* ready to
wear garmenta. tailor-made suits, skirts, oa
lu-tallmenU. tx C. F. ADAMS CO.. 166 5th.
POLK. 453— F_our connected rooms for. bouse*
keeping. ¦''¦-' ';"• . '•*;;• - '. . ;- ,
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
-tones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curio-lty Etons. 118 Geary _t Nat Raphael.
MISSION. 1CS2V-. — Two eunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; S10 per • month. ¦' v > '
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
game __ white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap.
ANYONE knowing the whereabouts ot
THOMAS FRANCI3 WHITSON please notify
Cantuarias R. 11. S. Santiago, Broadway
wharf.
BEST heir dresiilng in the city, 25c; shampoo-
Ing, 50c; wrinkles removed, 50c; manicuring.
25c. Quintonlca removes dandruff, makes
hair grow, 50e bot. G. J_edener. 123- Stockton.
ELECTRIC licttt In every room — Winchester
* Hotel. "44 Third et.. near Market; 700 rooms:
SSc to $1 CO psr nlsht; $1 60 to *G per week;
tree 'boa and -age&ge to and from the ferry.
FRANKLIN, - 502— Large sunny corner front
rooraj light housekeeping; reasonable.-
PROPOSALS for clothing *nd equipage, -Depot
Quartermaster's Office, _<} New Montgomery
' Et.'. San Francisco.. C_l., December 27- 1901
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received
at this office until 10 o'clock a m., Friday
.January 10, 1002, Pacific Standard time and'
then opened, for furnishing Arctic Overshoes
Muskrat Caps and Gauntlets, - Jean Drawers,
Campaign Hats, Neckties, Knit Wool ¦ Draw,
ers and Undershirts, Woolen Stockings, Whit©
Muslin Shirts. Scrubbing. Brushes,: Company
Post and Regimental Books, Rubber Ponchos
.and Sky-blue Kersey. Quantities, to be -sub-
ject to an Increase of 20 per cent if desired
by this Department. Bids will bo opened for
the delivery of - the same articles at either
the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago or. Phil-
adelphia depots.. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature of the articles to be
» furnished,'; bidders, will carefully examine the
' standard samples and ' specifications 'so that
proposals may: be submitted by them with a
- full knowledge of what' will be required.* Au
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will bo Insisted upon In the Inspec-
tion Of the goods. '.UNGUARANTEED BIDS
; AND BIDS UPON SAMPLES differing from
¦standard and specifications will under, no clr-
cumstances be considered, ' except in case of
. stockings, . which . are to • have ' shaped 'heels.
Bids for delivery or inspection at other points
' than - those .named . above will ; not .: be con-
; sldered.- Early: deliveries are essential. Bld-
ders must state In their proposals the rate
. and time of delivery . should : . contract be
awarded to • them, and no . proposition- should
" be - made 5 which ; they * are not ? positive ; that
they can ¦ absolutely fulfill. ; The articles ad-
vertised for are the same. for. which bids. will
be opened at " the other ,'¦' depots. ; Preference
- will • be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
'-quality being equal (Including In the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty'
. . thereon), and such preference will be given; to
. articles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent Of the, consumption required by the pub-.
: "lic service ; there, r The United States reserves
the right. to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any . part thereof. Information . and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication, v - Envelopes 2 containing •- proposals
will be ; Indorsed = "Proposals No;. 1149S," . and
* addressed • to MAJOR C. P." MILLER, = Quar-
»_rm-_t«r. u. s. -Army, Depot, Quartermaster.
PH.Ol'OSAJLS.
VfHI Guesg? loa can be certain of style ana
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
• end The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market Et, near Sixth!
BELL. The, 1773 Market — Sunny -front room,
with kitchen, gas range. $15; single rm.. $U.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
1 16; with thes» suits we make an extra pair
of pants free o'. charge; other suits on Install,
menu. $1 weekly.. L. J.EMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Elehth.
FREE this week; pimples, blemishes removed;
hair grown; t;ray restored; beautiful com-
plexions guars-nteed; shampooing done; ex-
quisite line of Certus importations; Bohemian
parlors; com:?etent specialist. MADAM
BOUME. 131 X'o-t et.. room 3.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; largj
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will reDt
. low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ere. electric . cars, . corner ¦Washington and
Eighth _ts., come within 1- block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
EXTENSION OF PROTESTt-CAPTAIN U. 1
WARNERS, master of the - •' Hamburg
schooner Hercules (R. K. V." N.) will extend
2 his protest on FRIDAY, - January 10. 1902," at
10:30 o'clock a.' m., at the office of the Im-
perial German Consulate in this city, 318 Sac-
ramento st. ROSENTHAL, Imperial German
"' Consul General. ' San Francisco, January 6.
1902. •
URIVED— Ladles, don't look old; Dr. N. DE
6AVOTSKY o:! Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verlte
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
pre-erve health, yc-tto and beauty; after
years of earnest study Is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excels anything ever given in
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or scar. Phone Folsom
*4<J. 1140 Market St.. opposite Hate's.
?10O0— BIG bargain ; cozy 5-roomed cottage,
with- porcelain sink and hot-water boiler;
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work all done, including stone -walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
gale box 2378. Call office Oakland.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH, $10 monthly — 5-room. cottage; 2
acres: artesian well; outbuilding*; immense
shade trees; profusion of shrubbery; creek
running water the year round; superb soil
and finely sheltered; away from fogs and
winds; an Ideal spot for a home; city water
and sewer; streets macadamized; electric cars
front the property; po-tofflce, school, churches,
stores, etc.; business center; a rare buy; ad-
joining East Oakland; price, all told, $2600.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh et., op-
posite Broadway Station. Oakland: carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. . .
DIVIDEND Notice — The Nevada . National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of -Directors of this bank,
held January 7th, 1902, a dividend was de-
clared for the half-year ending December
31st, 1901, at the rate of seven (7)' per cent
per annum.- payable on and after the 15th
inst. Transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 15th Inst.. both days Inclusive
. GEO. GRANT, Secretary
CFriends . and acauaintances are respect-
¦¦ fully Invited to attend the - funeral j services
to-day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, . at * the
home of her daughter, Mrs. Isabella .. R.
Alexander, 1240 Broadway. -Interment pri-
vate, Mountain View Cemetery. '
COOK— In this city, January 7, 19O2."at 10:30
o'clock,, Mrs. Maggie Ccok, the beloved wife
of . Alexander S. Cook, - mother of A. • L;, Jo-
seph, Marguerite' and Walter Cook, ; daughter
Of Roger and the late Elizabeth Groom, and
' Bister of - J, J, and J. P. Groom, Mrs. v L.
8 Turner, 'Mrs. F.VKing, Mrs. "G. Center'and
C. F. Groom, a native of Philadelphia, aged
40 years.- 1 -. • -;...-
' ¦ (CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited-to attend the. funeral to-morrow
• (Friday), - at 8 o'clock, ' from her 1 late resi-
dence, 240 • San Carlos . avenue, thence -to
Mission Dolores Church, corner of Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, ' at ; 9 o'clock, ¦' where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
'for the repose of her, soul. ' Interment? Holy
- Cross Cemetery.. .:'• ¦ ¦ '
CROWLET— In this city, 1 January . 8. 1902.
Julia Crowley, a native of Ireland, aged'
SO years. .... ¦ '.. ' :'¦ a ¦ i . - , . •
DORE-^In Berkeley, Anna' M., dearly* beloved
sister "of Benjamin'. and John F. Dore >of
Fresno. Cal.. a -native -of Maine, aged * 63
.;• yearn - '¦"--,.-::•:¦¦' ¦'¦¦ '¦-¦¦¦---¦ .-•¦- -,.\-'--- ¦
.- __TFrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , services
to-day (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at the par-
lors Of the Albert" Brown Undertaking' Com-
.pany. Odd Fellows' building, : Berkeley. In-
termentat 3:30 p. *m. - at Laurel HlllCeme-'
' tery, ' San ¦ Francisco. .."^ • ". -. ' . '¦
DEVOTO-r-In -.this.: city, : January 7, .1002.' at
11:15 p.'-rn/,'* Caterina: Devoto, devoted' wife
. ' of Antonio Devoto, and mother of John P.,'
James A.;: Albert, i Anthony, Ix>uisa, Car-
. mellta and Adellna Devoto» Mrs.- D. Devln-"
cenri and Mrs. A;-Tassi, a native of Genoa.
Italy -.'¦' \* /¦'-'• * '~ ' ¦- - .. . - - .* s - ¦--..-¦,-;
. ¦• ' (CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ' . ¦
ECKENROTH— In. this city, January 8, • 1002,
Frank Henry Eckenroth; dearly beloved hus-
band of Augusta; and father of Frank and
Henry Eckenroth,' a -native : of San Fran-
1. Cisco aeed 45 years 5 ; months and 15 ¦ days."
, - (ETFuneral r-> to-morrow: - (Friday), -at-. 9.
- - o'clock, front his ¦ late residence. : 1009 , Mason
street, 1 between" Clay and. Sacramento.- -Fu-
neral and Interment, strictly private. . Please
•¦>mlt flowers. ' .-',.•:'':. •'.•.:
EX.LIOTT— In i this ".. city, January 8, ' 1902;
- Mixrla Teresa,' beloved wife. of Orton H.. El-
liott, a native of -Ireland, aged 63 years 4
¦ months and .12" days.;--;, . . -,'¦".-, • . : - - ¦ ..
FERNANDEZr-In this city, January 8, 1002,
Joseph N., beloved husband 7 of .1 Margaret
.Fernandez of Puyallup, wash;,- and brother
-'.of.T. M. , Fernandez, • a native of'New-York,
'• aged 46 years 0 months -and > 5 days.', .'
FOLLINE:^ — In this city, January 6,^1902,' W1I-'
- 11am -• Thomas -Folllne, beloved, husband - of
Edith A. Folllne, and father of Charles Ray-
mond and James Arthur Folline, a. native of
Warrenton, /Vja.7 aged 47, years 6 months and
,20: days. . . .-..' V. ' •'-.•-• ,-v -:'.¦'/ -'¦'.¦':'¦ ¦¦-¦¦: '
FONTES^-In this city. - January 8. r 1902. Alex-
. __r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock,- from the parents'
residence,- 17S6 Folsom street,^thence to. St.
11 Charles ¦ Borromeo's Church, - where a ra»
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
- repose of his soul at 9 :30 o'clock. - Inter-
. ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In Alameda.' January 7, 1002, ' Mn.
; Isabella .Brown,- widow of the late Andrew
Brown, and mother > ot' J. "VV. Brown. • Mrs.
Isabella R. AlexjSLnder, ., Andrew 1 A. • Brown
and Mrs.' John.Arton, a native of Arbroath,
Scotland, aeed 72 . years . 10 months and 2
days. .- • ¦ . '. * . ¦
% '•; "¦¦'¦^V- 'DIED. -:>;'.¦;;¦
Andersen; Peter N. ' Knaul, Katie
Bradley, Georee A. Levy, Alexandre
, Brown, Mrs. • Isabella Lunt, Noah-N. -
¦' Cook, Mrs. • Maggie - McAlester, Annie E.
Crowley, ¦ Julia ,- ¦ McDonald, Richard
Devoto, Caterina . McSherry, Hugh F,-
Dore, Anna M. ¦ , Magune, Cant. F. E.
Eckenroth. Frank H. Mehrten,' Margaret -
Elliott; -Maria T. Meyer, Charles •
• Fernandez, Jcs.. N. ' Meyers,' Mary S.'V
. Folllne,. William T., Mouthon, Claude •'
Fontes, . Alexandrine ''Murphy, Daniel A -
Frates, Annie . * O* Dall, .Luther 1
Gorman, Richard Palmer, Edward T.
Hill, Annie E. - \. Parent. William L. *
Hurley, Nellie'.; : ¦" Plummer, ' Margaret' -
Jansen, Josephine ¦ - Relgelhuth. . George -
Kennerson, ; Caroline Spencer. - Herschel s A. '
ANDERSEN— In this city, January .'7, 1002,
Peter N; Andersen, beloved husband of
" Kathrine - Andersen, father of William An-
!• dersen, Mrs. S. N. • Blick,- Peter N." Andersen
.and Mrs. ; R. ¦ A. Harron, and brother of J.
Andersen, a native of Germany, aeed 59
years ; 11 months and 7 days. A member ' of
Concordla Lodge No. 122, a I. O. O. F., and
.' Eureka Valley Lodge No. 252, A.-O. U. W.' -
E-TFriends and acauaintances are respect-"
. fully Invited to attend the - funeral < to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from I. v O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh • streets,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of > Concordia" Lodge ! No. ¦ 122, 1 1: O.
O. F. Interment . Cypress Lawn > Cemetery,
by carriage. A Remains at the parlors of H.
P. Peter-en & Co,, 228 McAllister. street'
BRADLEY— In • this city, January 7, 1002,
. George A., beloved son of Ellen and the late
Patrick Bradley, and brother of James,- Jo-
seph, Mary, Belle, Charles and Thomas
yBradley, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years and 4 . months. - (Brooklyn, N." Y.,
papers please copy.) ."¦:;¦' ".- ' .' ;
_X>R BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma, Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co., S;0_ California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
I MO\r.V TO LOAN — Contln-XI. ','
! Ubcral Bovanccs <¦•• a-^ , Store. 84<J
*«£*£ Branch. 13 Third. | .
: a ., _oi--*d recple on note with- j
, - A£ K loaned U «*g£S?!_i 0 per cent per
< : -L.^ MnnnKlJu <W9 Ex.in-,:r.c.r hutlfllng. ]
7. • -„« <-rrniture. no removal, libra- I
LOANS e".P ; f r -^S«, etc.; any amt; low.
T l e *l?™*%r*tfc'. f'rmsby. 28 Montgomery »U J
Twvt:" r ,.7r"c7~~rurniture. etc.. by private j
"°- ..Aoval: no commission; confl_en- 1
r*? y:^^Y Cop-«ervatory bldg.. 301 Jones. !
— — — — 77Z^ pi_nct.: no removal; money
,v?w»t interest: easy terms; no brok»r-
nulck. {?\f -arty. 1170 Market et.. room 68.
apo: rF^^j_l __—_——_———_-—__——_________- r
I 7^v~ r,,m'tnrf arS clanosr $15 up; no re- I
rn^-al- Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 6 Eddy, j
; .,»« furniture, planoe; no removal: n»<!
oomrcis .: eW-MeBWU Whttehead. 1710 Mkt. !
rw m'tScs. N. Y. plan: lndorped paper dis-
coL-'tpd. TOCSLEY CO.. S21 Parrotf Mdg.
nv furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
WrlctJy private. LICK. 116 McAllister st }
tf vou wart a hcm«: I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Kansome rt.
{>>; SALARIES without lndorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Aercy.. 143 Phelan big.
3 OANS money on «tlary: r.o indorwr: Eastern
" r!ai. ¦Western Lr;an Co.. S0» Phelan bldr.
Oil*
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
f ',T.ef: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaara. president St. Germain Col- j
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSEL-LI, scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st. bet. G*ary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PHYSICIAKS AXD SCRGEOXS.
"TrTc. C. C^DO^rET-L— Office and residence]
10_m Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at offlcg. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PLAJTTNG ASP TURKKC MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory turning. Planing. Shaping
an- Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont
MUSICAL IXSTBCMEVl'S.
TOT~fl_esTan_~beEt assortment of pianos ever
shown In the city Is to be seen in our ware,
rooms; what Is better, we are celling them at
each low prices that you cannot afford to go
elsewhere: every Instrument fully -warranted
to be Just as we represent and we look after
and keep them in order. We have the Wlss-
ner. Decker & EJon, Baumeister, Steger and
Singer for you to select from aztd the price
will be made satisfactory; you are accom-
modated with fiisy payments if you desire.
THE ZEKO J-iAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 703
Market et, : • "
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most , reliable
maker* to choose from. Kew pianos sold upon
e-_y payments of. $0 per montbi some good
. pianos for $3. $4 and (5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & <JO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearcy and Sutler ets.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway ___ Thirteenth Ets.. Oakland.
EOHMER A CO. Pianos. /
BYRON MATJZT-' Piaxtoa.
LESTER Pianos-
HAMILTON Pianos.
6PIELMANN Pianos.
CECIIJAN PIANO PIiAT__K.
PIPE ORGANS. --___. _/> :
BYRON MATJZT. 808-310-Slg _»e»f «_. _
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-BU>*TEB- — ~
Eecond-nan- nprigrht planoe from $53 tip.
Eecond-han- cquare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ <fc
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farreli. Chlckering. Mason
_: tt-ttiIIm Vest. Sterling pianos.
ALL xn-Jces. rent $2 up, credited If purchased;
installments $3 up: big- allowance for old
pianos; bargains ?25 up In Stelnways, Heine,
Cnlckering etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
£17 Geary -t
A rCLL-glZED upright piano, $S3; elx-octave
Mason & H anil In . organ, $35; Steinway
equare. 1100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275; Bech-
rtein baby rrand. almotst new. BOWERS Sc
6ON. 23 Fifth _t: IVBmS & POND. Agents.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
wlthtn 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed oa a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs yon only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 80 OTarrell
ct; established 1S50. - '
A ETECK, _7verstt, Hardman. Ladwlg, Pack-
ard, Kir^sburr or Smith A Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OTTR pianos. th« leading makers; price $100
upward; value* beet In the city. PtERCBTS
PIANO FACTORT. Market. 14th &. Chnrch. !
A — SLAUGHTER vale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
FTILL renting new pianos. $3 per month. '
PCOTT-CTJRTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes __.
Sacrifice account onfore_ecn circumstances, up- :
ripht piano, mepiificent tone, c— K. S_3 Turk. :
f!50— ON _ale, oprlght grand: cost $600; make
cash offer. Room 38, 217 Geary st. 1
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMTTZ. IB McAll^-ter. pert Hlbernla Bk.
fl_5 — SCHLEIP Tjprlgtat. excellent condition. !
$75; Erard upriirht. Hornong. 216 McAllister. :
FrPERIOR violins, -ithers, old and new. H.
1IULLKR, makier. repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE-S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Ehonlngyr. Sch-abert and Steinway bargains.
SEW HYGIEMC TREATMENT.
ER. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York.
has permanently located at €07 Van- Ness
ave.: hour- 10 to 12. - to 4; phone Polk 142L
OFFICES A.VD STORES TO LET.
STORE 80_30, Vlth basement 40xS0; location
center of wholesale Iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st
TO let — Part of carpenter chop. 67 Union
Square axe., b <:t. Kea ray St. and Grant etc.
PA-TEA'1'S AX_> PKXSIONS.
PENSION ad vie s tree; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Ca mptiell. lawyer. Examiner bldg. -
l'EUSOXAXS.
REAL ESTATES — COUNTRY — For Sale
HAG carpets wove to order and -for pale: also
chenille-wove rugs. Mlk portieres; dealer In
carpet twice, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEQ. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
"WILL pay cash and gcod prices for;^Id teal- !
tklns.. Address at once, box 1205. Call offlco.
JEAVELIiY for sale; diamonds, precious stones '
bought. T. Fershtand.' 12C Kcarny st.. rm.-2»..
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
A moles destroyed. Mrs. H. F.aton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLESTEIN & CO..' 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson"s. theatrt-*
ca: costumer. . 26 O'Farreli; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 BO; dress pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
I DR. LAMOTTBTS FRENCH CORN PAINT.
j the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists. .
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natflral cclor; $1; at all druggl-ts.
*»EAL ESTATE — CITV— -FOR. SALE.
,— ; ~ . •;-¦-¦;-,
- HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK. LOTS.
New purchases of blocks and lots enable us
to offer unexcelled bargains..
We will save you money; see us before
buying.
$100 to J450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots;"
beats any investment in the world; (5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots: choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly. ¦
Sunset branch office, 9th ave., near H st
!• $400 to $800 — Best located Richmond loU;
$10 monthly. •¦ ; •-; ;,-
$100 to $250 — Level building lota near Mis-
e ion- st. cars; 50 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly. v. t .. -
$1000. $1350 to $2000 — Splendid cottages, all
bargains, on easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.'
Room 64. i Chronicle Building.
A — $375 — 75x100: SE. corner San Bruno and
36th ave. south, block 47, Paul Tract Home-
stead Association. ¦
$275 each — 3 choice lots 25x100 each; south
line 19th ave. south, near Railroad ave. -I
$325 — 33x100: Laldley st., between Roanoke
and Castro: Fainnount Tract
JOOST. . FISHER & CO., 137 Montgomery
st: take elevator.
HARRISON, ' 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
¦ nlslred rooms; 1 bath, al! conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up._t-_ra i -----B-l-------M-tS5BHi
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel; 7th and Mission-
Family, house: those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single; elevat.
GEARY, 403 (The Navarre)-^Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 303 (refurnished)— Big suite a.nd'sln-
. gle rooms. . ¦¦
FULTOX, 047— Pleasant t '; nicely ; furnished
-rooms. .55 and $6;>prlvate family/
FRANXISCO : Houl— Elegant' suites; single;
.- transient: baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.;
WEBSTER Typewriter ¦* Inspection ' Co.— Expert
¦ typewriter doctors ;estimate free.' 209 Sansome.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
/ ; cell , better machines for less money' than any
house in the city; rentals,: $3.1 The Typewriter
Exchange," 636 California: 'telephone Main 266. ;
. ,-. andrlne, . ' beloved • , wife >\ of .' Baptists Fontes?
; 'mother of Eugene Fontes," and aunt of Fran-
z coise i Fontei, - a native > of France,-^ aued ~ 45
years 11: months and Sidays., T'- . ;v : "; /
. ' ¦ ; EX Friends > and acauaintances i are i respect-
*. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
I ¦;. (Friday), - at ; 9 :30 o'clock.' from her late resi-
\' dence, » 1709 « Jones s street, J thence •. to -, Notre
v. Dame des VVictoires i Church, twhere I service-
will ; be celebrated, for. the repose of i her soul
•-. at : 10 ; o' clock. : f Interment- Holy /Cross Ceme-
. tery.vPlease omit flowers. •--.'¦.*.-.; ¦ -. .
FR ATES-^-In ' Oakland,';* January 8," 1902, Annie
r) Frates,\ dearly, beloved wife of John-Frates.
¦ . and daughter, of i John ' F. . Dlas, -. a • native of
. the ? Azores,' '• aged ¦ 28 : years '; 10 - months i and
¦-¦•13'days.:.;.-.-i.v- ." / -" . .- '-" ~-w* -.-¦¦-. ."•
GORMAN— In Oakland, Jcnuary 6, 1902. Rich-
Vard : Gorman. 1 -a' native of County . Kilkenny,
• Ireland, ased \26 years, -rj;.?. ¦;¦-., ,'.. . ¦ . -
• - __r Friends ¦ and . acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
r (Friday),? at 1 :30 ; o'clock,".- f rom ¦ the. parlors
\of. : . James .> McMaxtus, '¦Seventh and Castro
streets, -y thence ¦„ to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, .where ' services • will be
. held;' ' commencing - at • 2 o'clock. • Interment
;, St: ; Mary's Cemetery. ". ¦''¦¦* • •- . \ .
HILL-^-In (this city.:' January." 7, 1902, Annie
E.; : widow of : the late , Hon." William' Mo-
- : Pherson Hill." and mother of : Robert • Potter.
John ; Howard .:. Hill ana .the late . Lida" I_
Hill. ¦¦¦• ,.¦¦..':-.,¦¦-; ;•• ,-'•..;.¦.-•;:.-¦.-.-:.:•¦; 1 .-
B_TThe -¦- funeral '> will . take place to-day
(Thursday).-, at' 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2502 Sutter street. \ Please omit flow-
private. > ', • V- -'• :¦.' '-.-.' ".-'-
HURLEY— In , this . city,' January ¦ 8, 1902, Nel-
- lie, :: dearly; beloved wife of William F. Hur-
V ley, . mother of . Robert. Edward, ' Paul, : Iline
• and * May Hurley, and sister of May, * John,
' Lizzie .- and y Fannie Barrett •". and ¦- Mrs. 1 1*
,' Snyder,- a native : of ' San ) Francisco, aged 35
:- , years. -. ¦¦•,-. ¦••..,...¦•'.- •¦",¦¦,-¦ -;.--.
• __rRemalns "at ¦ the ' funeral ¦ parlors of Mc-
Ginn: Bro».; ¦ 224-226 McAllister street, oppo-
site New City, Hall.' -r-: .. v ¦ .-..- ' '. - '
JANSEN— In~, this < city. "January = 8, 1902, Jo-
sephine, ; beloved 'sister : of 'Jacob and Sevrln
, - Jansen, - a . native ; of ; Norway, ; aged' 22 years
8 months and.24.days.:-' . .. ¦ ¦
KENNERSON— Near . Geyservllle, - January ' 5,
"¦ 1902, Caroline, . beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam ; Kennerson.^ and • mother of 'WUUam,
•; Henry, Walter, . Mae ' and Jlmmie Kennerson
•-..' and Mrs. F. Buckingham.' Mrs. = D. - Sullivan
- and Mrs. L.'. Wick,- a native of • Portland,
¦ . Me., aged ,71 years 1 months and 19 days.'
B-TFriends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services'
to-day (Thursday),. at v 10 o'clock, . at her
, la te residence, 1127 ) Geary street. ! Interment
¦ , Cypress Lawn ; Cemetery, by .11:30 .. o'clock
- train j from Third and Townsend streets. _ -.-:
KNAUI^-In this city, January 7, 1902, Katie,
-dearly, beloved and only daughter of • Peter
j '¦'... and * Marie Knaul, . and ' sister of Bernhard
and Peter Knaul Jr., a native of San'Fran-
: clsco, aRed 24 years 4 months and 27 days.
A member of Buena ¦¦ Vista Parlor. No. 68. N.
. D. G. W.. and Alcatraz Circle No.' 1. Friends
• °f -the Golden, State.'^^^c&MS&BSiSSSiqF&G&tSi&ii
B-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
s/fully -; Invited ¦ to attend. the. funeral to-day
.(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from. the residence
; of ¦; her - parents, 913 \i \ Filbert street, > be-
• . t ween •' Jones and • Taylor, ¦ thence to Native
.Sons' -Hall, 414 Mason street, ¦ where services
-' will . be held, r commencing, at 2 o'clock. : In-
. terment Laurel: Hill' Cemetery.'. ; ' - - .'.,:':. . -.-;
OFFICERS and members of Buena Vista Par-
•: lor No. 68,' N.' D. G.' ; W., are hereby notified
; ¦ J to attend . : the - funeral of our^ late ¦ sister,
¦ Katie Knaul, ' to-day (Thursday), ¦- at 2
o'clock, from N." D. G. W.;Hall. 414 Mason
Btreet. • By. order '••-¦:¦--'.-- ".
• MISS ALICE TICOULET,. President."
.MRS.H.M. GREEN,. Rec. Sec. .' ;
LEVY— In this city. January 8, 1902, Alex-
'-andre, beloved ' husband ¦ of Annie Levy,'- a
native of ¦ Lorraine, ; France, aged 80 years.
tt_rFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the • funeral services
B to-morrow (Friday), at 0:45 o'clock, from h,ls
late residence, 2839 Jackson street. "- Inter-
ment Hills of . Eternltv ;." Cemetery. . Please
..' omlf flowers. \ ...-'-' ¦' : -C-.''7 _- • *
LUNT — In Oakland, at . 718 Twelfth street.
- January 8, ; 1902.- Noah N.,- beloved husband
• of, Frances H. Lunt, a native of Maine, aged
.80 years 8 months and 5 days.:.
McALESTER— In ', this city,' - January 7, 1902,
..Annie E.. beloved daughter : of • William F.
•and Mary' E. McAlester.. ¦ V ' . .
¦ .' . c3"Funeral services will be held to-morrow
¦ (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the- family resi-
dence, 1100A- Devlsadero street. -Interment
private. .Please omit flowers. J '¦- :
MCDONALD— In Mill Valley, 7, 1902,
¦ Richard, beloved husband -of Martha Mc-
- . Donald, and ¦ beloved brother of Mrs. George
; Williams . of ' Massachusetts, -' Mrs. J. M. Cps-
. tello, ¦ Mrs. E. Foley and James F." McDon-
ald of San Francisco, a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged 44 - years. ' A member of Mount
Tamalpals Parlor No. 64. N.- S. G. f w. t ¦
C_rFrlends and accuaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited : to attend ¦ the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from .the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
' pany, 20 Fifth . street. ... Cremation .1. O. . O.
.-F. Cemetery. :.. . . • . •... ;•¦¦
McSHERRY— In- this city, January 6, . 1902.
Hugh F., - beloved .' son of Mary A. . and the
1 late John McSherry, and brother of Phillip,
Patrick, 'John, '.Robert,' -James, '.Cecilia and
¦ - Kate McSherry, Mrs.v Sabala and Mrs.' D1I-
Ion, & native of County, Monashan, Ireland,
•aged ¦ 19 - years. ; '¦¦.¦.-„¦.-¦-¦- . •
i t-TFrlends and acauaifttances are respect-
fully - invited to attend" the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, . from his: late
residence, • 662 Folsom street, ¦¦ thence to - St.
Brendan's . where - a • solemn • requiem
.high mass ; will- be: celebrated -t or the -repose
'•' ¦"¦ of • his • soul at '9 o'clock. . Interment •¦ Holy
Cross Cemetery. .:, [¦¦¦.' ¦--¦_-
MAGUNE^-In,this city, January 7, 1902, Cap^
.. tain '.Frederick ' E. Magune, l beloved husband
of Lena A. - Magune, .and father of ' F. Her-
bert and Lena A. Magune, a native of Rock-
. . port, ' Me... aged. 4C years. '...-,- "- . ,
. B-T Friends 1 and acauaintances are respect-
fully ' Invited to attend *the funeral . services
to-morrow (Friday), at * 1:30 o'clock, at the
¦ Masonic - Temple; • corner ' of ' Post < and - Mont-
- gomery streets, under the auspices of Golden
-' Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A: M. ' Interment
*•'¦- Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by, electric ' car. ¦ •
MEHRTEN— In ' this - city, > January 8, , 1002,
' Marsaret " Elizabeth, k beloved wife* of . John
A. Mehrtep, a native of County Mayo, Ire-
,. land.-.' ¦.¦¦¦ .; •-¦- ¦¦: ; •'¦¦•-:?-•. ; / ; ¦.
¦ CTFrlends a/id acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), ' at S:30 • o'clock, • from • the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226. Me-'
-Alllster street, .thence to Sacred Heart
"Church for services : at .'9 To' clock. . Interment
v Holy Cross Cemetery. \ - .
MEYER— In this city, January 8, 1902, Charles
Meyer, beloved brother of Mrs. C.'Lehmann,
Mrs. E. • Klein, '¦ Mrs. A. Heyer and , George
Meyer, - a native of < Drackenburg, ' Germany,
aged C8 years 2 months and 24 days.- :. - -
(CTRemalns at- the" funeral parlors of >H.
• F. Maass. 917 Mission street." .
MEYERS— In this city, Januar" 7, 1902, Mary,
• S. Meyers, , beloved wife of George E. • Mey-
"¦' ers, a native of -Ohio, aged "49. years and 28
days. -A member of Redwood Circle No.:72.
Wo' W.' (Ohio papers please copy.);. ¦
- __r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),* at 10. o'clock, 'from the- parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
¦ 1209 Mission •.; street, between Eighth -and
' Ninth. ¦ Interment - Mount Olivet Cemetery, •
- r by- electric car from .eighth, and- Harrison
.¦.¦•'street-.' /•'"".';'.¦"'"..'¦:'•' v •¦',"¦¦ 'c\
MOUTHON— In> this city, "January 7, 1902,
Claude, -beloved husband of the late Joseph-
ine- Mouthon, and father of Mrs. P. P. Culll-
san, a- native of France. • aged . 78 years. .
'L; , __?"Kriends and acauaintances are respect-
/ f ullx. ¦ invited - to attend * the .. funeral . to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, 1 from the parlors
of James McMenomey. & Son, .1057 Mission
street, .opposite new Postof flee. .Interment
. Laurel Hill; Cemetery. " .- .; -. ¦•« ,.
MURPHY — In ¦ Portland, . Or., • January . 5, . 1902,
- Daniel 'A.. Murphy, beloved husband of Mary
Murphy, and father of Mary V., Daniel J.,
- Margaret, : John v and Eugene Murphy, a j na-
tive of k the City of , Cork, .Ireland. :
- cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend.the funeral, to-morrow
' -¦ (Friday), at 9 ' o'clock. -; from i his • late - resl-
' dence, 2102 Adeline street. ¦ Oakland, - thence
to Sacred : Heart Church, .where a solemn re-
V nulem mass will be celebrated for the repose
"of hie soul, commenclns it 0:30 o'clock.. In-
terment : St. J Mary' s ; Cemetery. • Oakland. .
O'DALL — In ' Bakersfleld, Cal.. January 5. ¦ 1902,
• Luther ' O 1 Dall, a - native . of Biddeford,- Me.,
'aged C5 years and 14 days.* (Biddeford. Me..
' papers' please copy.) > . ; ,,;.., ,
• __?" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to; attend the. funeral services
'to-day (Thursday), at .2 o'clock, at :'¦ the.
: parlors of*Valente, Marini & Co... 1524 Stock-
,ton street,' between Union and Green. - Inter-
ment * Laurel Hill Cemetery. -. . :
PALMER— In i this city, 'January^7/ 1902, : Ed-
- • ward ; T.; beloved son of Jane. B.- Palmer,
. and brother.' of j Samuel - H. •- and • Warren S.'
: Palmer, a native of San Francisco, aged -41
' years Hi months .' and i 20 • day*. - •¦'¦ . ;;. ¦• ¦
• - •¦ n_T Funeral .- services > will -: be -¦ held 1; to-day
: - (Thursday), - at «2 > o'clock,.' under'., the aus-
pices Of : National ' Parlor No, ¦ 118,- N.~; S." G. 'i
- w ' a t the ; parlors ; of ¦ N. :. Gray; & ; Co. , 641
Sacramento 'street. -^Friends are respectfully
, 1 invited. - ; Interment private.; : . ; ; _ ; .-'... . r -¦. ¦
PARENT— In thisTcity, -January. T. v 1902^ Wil-
liam L., . dearly - beloved • husband of Hattie
! M '•' Parent. r - father-, of .Arthur rW."; Parent.
' brother " of C. L.* Parent Jr.. and son-in-law
of Mrs. -W/ H." Pepper tof^Betaluma, Cal.; a
native • of San : Francisco, k s aged 47 , years 7
¦ months and- 1; day. . .'-¦-.-¦ ¦., - -. -^:- . .'
' i inTTrlends and acauaintances ¦ are - respect-
- fully.: invited r to .• attend »> the ¦ funeral u to-day
- (Thursday),' at 1:30 o'clock/ from 'the funeral
•¦> parlors ~> Of Bunker < & -i Lunt,' -'2668 •• Mission
L street," Mission' - Masonic . Temple. » ;¦ Interment
' Mount' Olivet ;Cemeten'. 5 via electric; funeral
;¦¦• car : f rom ;Twenty-thlrd and ; Guerrero, streets.'
PLUMMER— January 7, V. 1902. - Margaret ; Blln
:— Plummer. •- wife • of , Captain I George | Plummer
¦' of Alp.meda, and mother of Josephine MagraR-
- nos,- Albertine, -.William -P.y and George E.
Plummer, : aged 82 ' years. - ";. . "
ICTFuneral ¦ at family residence. 1244 \ Sher-
i man street. Alameda,-/ at lO^O, a. m..to-
h^ morrow. (Frlday).;;interment:prlvate.'\.' .
RBHOELHUTH— In , this ' city,': January ' 7.'' 1902/
• . George iReteelhuth.-. beloved; husband of Lou-
'¦¦ isa Reigelhuth,; and father, of George, . Frank,
¦ Lizzie, fHenry and Charles ¦ Relgelhuth,* a; na-
' tive of Germany,' aged 61 ; years and 1 14 days/
¦ '. ¦. ' -, (T-TFriends and ¦ acauaintances : are i respect-
¦• fully invited, to, attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Friday), •- at 5 2 > p" clocks from • the • parlors ¦ of
~' . Charles V J«Xi B. Metzler, • ,t 636 •:;, Washington
- ¦¦'• street,' under , the ' auspices of the .Verein i Ein-
¦ tracht.K Interment jLaurer Hill iCemetery.- - :;
SPENCER— In -this- » city,'?" January ; 8. 1802.
' ¦ Herschel : A; . Spencer,^ a native ¦ of i Wisconsin, :
:: aged: 55- years... ' .-- -'.'-':"-- .- .-:¦-¦¦¦•..•-' .....-.- .;
ROOjis TO rI.ETr-.Fnrn". nndUntnrn.
TYPEWRITERS :¦ AND " SUPPIilES.
CHEAPEST and:best .in '"America— The .Weekly
: -.. Call, r 16 pages, '¦: sent ;; to , any i address i in '• the
United States or -Canada one 'year ' for ; $1.-. _
JONES, <i 919 — Comfortably furnished room;
bath, phone, grate; reasonable; private f am.
JONES, 614— Handsome .front parlor suitable
ior two young men ; reasonable. .:,, j
MINNA. 667. , corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room,. $1 per week; , transient. .-
APV__RTIS---y-ENT3.
CARTERS
SIGfCHEADAGHE
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion : and Too Hearty
Eating. -.A perfect remedy > for ¦.¦ Dirzi-
ness. Nausea. Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pafa in >'
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Recrulate the Bowels. Ptrrelr Vecetable.
Small Pill.\ -.Small Doso.
Small 'Price. - "
' BAI-yvTAY TRAVEL. .
SOUTHERN- PACIFIO.
TrslMa (*»«<• nncl nr« dan l« «rrl*« at
- • St.N riCAMlMU.
(M-ln LJ>^. Foot QtMnrktt Street.) _^
. ijut_ — From Dxcexbcb 6. 1901. — AX_m
-- 7iOO a BenleU, Sulsua, Elmiia »ad S_er_-
'.¦-¦¦• mento....: 8:33_>
7iOOa V_c_ilUe. Wlat<'rs,"Rui_aey 7iS8_>
"»»«* _1_rtliiez.K-ul:r-iu>a,V_:ieju.N-p_.
Calls to_» and S»u t» Roas.. (Sj-3f -.
li«»A D_t1j, Woodland. Kuig-ta Landing.
--»-. MsijiTllle. OniTille 7J»3»
Si«O_ Atlantic Kipreu-Ogden and Eut MiSSa
»i«Oa KUet, Lathrop, Stockton...... 7i33r
, SiOOiNlIen. MebdoU. IUnford. Vlialia.
Porterrille «iS9» .
• ¦>O_ Shasta Bxpres-— Da»la. Williams (far
¦¦ Bartlett Spriuas). WlUows. Bed
Bluff. PorUtni. 7iS«t
•i3O_ Sau Jutti, Ltrermois. Htocktmi,
.' .'- lone, -aeramento. PlaerrTille. .
-Marytfllla. Chlco, lts.l Kluff 4iS3»
¦iS»a Oakdale, Chlne»s,3onor-, Tuolumne 4:23*
- »>«_a Hay ward. Kile* and Way Stations., -lifts*
•tO-A Vallejo.... _, -4:23r
. tifloi Ias . Anzelet ; Exiitesa — H-ttluej,
Trie*. Lathrop. Htoekton. Mtreed
-•' : Fresno and Loe Aoateles 7tS3a
•iS*A Vallejo. Martbua and \V»? Btatlona 7i19»
. l«i _l»A Tha Overland IJmi tad— O.den, l>en.
ier, Omaha. Chicago SiS3s>
tltOOp Saerameuto lllter Mte-iiinn t"'"»»
li.Or Uenlela, Winters. 8acraineuto, ¦ : '
lVoodland. Knl.liU l*ndln|.
MarjsTilli., Orotllle I0j55a
ti80p Ha;wwcd, Niles and Way SUtloni.. 7i3_f
4iW<»r Marthiax, Han lUinou. Vallejo.
.' " N-jm, <:»Uoti»KJ». H-utn, Itiwa -i33»
I * «OOp Niles. Llrercnore, Stockton. Lortl... !»•»»»
4tlU>r Hapraril, Nile", Nan.lrme, LiT»rmoro tSiS-A
-:S»rTlie Owl limited — Fieino, Tulare,
" - Bakerafleld. Baiigns for Snuta ll»r-
liarn, i.os An_«lea J.... »>33»
8i«Op Port Ccsra. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton 1 as*-*
StOOp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton. Her- >
• oed. Fresno l«i_3»
•>««r Ha/trard, Nile, and Sau Jose 713.1 a
t*iOwr Vallajo. ....; lliS-4
. MiOttp Oriental Afall— Ogdeo, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chlc*go -ttt*
fiO-r Oregon and CaJlfoml* K-i'reat.fta*.
- nunen->, olarysTllIe, H<-Mliin.
for tlm ul. rn gat Hound and Rass SsSS*.
•i«3p San Pablo. For- Conta, Jlattinej
aiid Way .Utlona HiS-*,
_|BiQ.1p Y>1Ih]<. ;.. 7OHW
COAST LINK (Sitrrotr tl-nge).
(ruoi of ll»rk«t Street.)
¦il3ANewark.Uentor«llle.HaitJoas,Ki>ltoii.
- liotilderCrceV.M-iitaOriizaiitl Way
Htatioiu. .-..:;.- »!»•» ¦
tails. Newnrk CenterTilla. Saw Jose, Maw
. *' Alinmiei). Fulton, ISonltler Creek,
! Santa <;rux aud 1'iliicipal Way
Station..... !•»»•*
4il.tr Naa-ark; Nau Joa«, Ixm Gatoa -fSiSO* .
-•.Sop Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
8tations..... YT.**9
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from S_K FA1HCISG0 — twy of Ibrket Strut (Slip 8)—
t1:15 !>;00 11:00a. ¥. 1:03 3:00 5:15r._.
rf»mOllLt»B — r««l «f Brt«a«.t.— t«:UO {3;0O t-iO0
10:OO«._. 15:03 8.03 t:C3 r.u.
COAST LINE (Itr.a.i (U BR e).
(ThlrJ ni.d Townaeml Sts.)
••IOa San Jcseand Way HtaUons... ....... HiJojJ
7:«OA Han _<>a»-»<t Way Stuttnim fSsO**
/?io»a Neir-Alimulen..-...-. / 1:1««
SiOwa Coast Line Limited — Man Jcwo,
Gi.'r- 7, Salia-s, San Lois Obispo,
Pant* Burb-ra, Los Acgrles and
nrinclpal intennedi-te stations.... 1 0:4-0
•iCOaHui Jimw. ,Tre» I'l-os. HunU «:ru_. -
vr ranille tlr»««, t-alinas. 8an) LuU
Ofoispo and Prlocii>al iutermedi-te
• suu..ii» :•.:.... 4<1*_
¦ IOIS«A Baa Jose and Way Stations... m»:c<«4
IIsSOa Kail .inse and Way KUtinna :>-.ia«
tti-IAp Ban Mateo, K«dwoo<I, Menlo Park,
. Vain Alto, fianta Clara. Han .lose.
Tre» Pinoii. Santa <^n«, Salinas.
Mnmerey -imI l'»oillo «Jri)Te |10:43_
' Si.3Ar San Jna« and Wsy KtKUima.. ....... •>-•»
«-ail»r KuJdm>iii1 Piiumrul W_ y HUtlona SiUUf
j _i3or Snnset Limited— Mondays, Wednn-
.' I ,...;'. • ; d»ji, Fridaj*. for Loj Angeles, El
. . Pftto Kew Orleans _nd_7ev York.
ArriTes Sundsy*. Tuesdays and - -
Thursdays I»il3_
tSiOOpSaii Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal _«_»»
Way Stations i. (HiOOa
->3«>r SmJoh « ii.I Principal Vay Stations 6iSO»>
«t_» rftai. Joaa and Way .Stations ?>.TO_>
7:0 tip Kew Orleani F.iprexs — Han Lola
Obispo, Sant*. Barbara, Lea An-
geles, D.'mlnc. El Paso, New Or-
leans and E»»t 7i30A ¦
' «ll»43r San .loae -ii.t Way Stations ...... 7»3«>SJ
, AforMocnini • -^ P for Afternoon,
¦ tflundar*xcRi>ted.- - fmnday only.
_a8atnniaf only , /Tuesdays md Frid-yj^
Santa Fe
Train s-Daiiy.
. L*av» Market-street Ferry Depot. : .
¦ . •¦ ,l_)cal Llo'd Ovrl'd Local
- . Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p T:18p
¦• Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:30a 0:11 p
V " Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 n-
•¦ Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:09a
" Viaalia.. 3:3»p. 6:00a.......
"Bakersfld 6:15 p 8:20p 7:45 a ......
•?;Kan.Ctty. 2:40a 7:30 a .......
"Chicago......... 2:15p 9:00p
- a for morning.-- p for afternoon. ~ ..
»:0O a. m. train la tha California, Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Can through to Chicago. Chair Car
. runs to Bakersfleld for ' accommodation of -
local first-class passengers. No second*
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
. - 4:20 p. m. la Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p» m. dally.
8:00 p. m. 13 the Overland Express, with
through Palace 'and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper.* which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dairy. • .
.7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping ,
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
: responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. daily. '
Of flees— «41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
JOakIand.;___^v^__L________ •
NOiVfHPAmFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sadsaltto Ferry
Commenclns " September 29, 1901. ?
FROM RAN FRANCISCO TO UILL VALLEI- . '
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. ro..
•1:45. 8:15. 4:13. J>; 15. •6:15, 5:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For MiU Valley and Sa_
Rafael on Mondays, ---Wednesdays and Satnr-
days' at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. /
•WNDAYS— *S:<K), nO;00. *ll:30a. m., •1:13,
3-15. m 4;4$.- 6:30V, 9:30 p. m. . i
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
'FROM SAN RA-AEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DATS — •5:25.-6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. m. f •12:25, 2:15. •3:35,- 4:40, 5:3O p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays, Wednesday! -
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 9:55 p. m. ;
SUNDAYS— fl:15^»8:00. »10:00. '11:45 a. m.,
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45.-. *6:30 p. m. •- ¦¦ -
" Trains marked •(•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS^ — 0:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a m., 12:33. 2:45; Z:t>0, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA .TRIPS " on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at '7:10, and 10:35 p. m. ¦¦ ¦ .
SUNDAYS— 8:05.', 10:03 a. m., 12:05. _:13»
S:3O, 500. 6:45 p. •«_.-¦
.-«. THROUGH - TRAINS.
.0:55 a. m. week :. days — Cazadero and • way .
stations. I - ' '- - _-- .
,1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. T<*B-0t"30_«_|B_«-_H_B-«B*^d--MnMlB
" 8:00. a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
- Legal - Holiday ' boats and trains will run on
gunday- time; '- •.¦•.;•,.-. :-¦* '-'-'.-¦., -
V-^vW Br. Gibbon's Dis^nsarj, ?
tf_^i« k Ol_J> HEAKXY ST. J£stab!Lsh«Hl
flf*ft**?_3-I» »S34 for tne treatnit-nt of ITK»ta
H15_Ji» Diseases. Lost ManUood. Debility or
H3fiC£S?ftJ!9j(1lsf'as''wearlDpon body and mind aqU
3_i?l_S?i£_S sk| n -Diseases. The Doctor cures wKn
0lher9 '-"• Try him. »'b»w« low.
fSl_iSi-_*'urr< (nurunlrrd. CullorwrUe.
l>r. .. V. VIBBOX, cMwa Francisco. CalEugene Funk and George Compton
were convicted by a Jury yesterday after
noon in the United States District Court
of being in possession of molds and other
tools for the manufacture of counterfeit
dollars. They were ordered to appear on
Saturday for sentence. .
Funk and Compton Convicted.
An earnest request is made by Mrs. I.
Lowenberg. chairman of the library com
mittee of the American • library for Ma
nila, established under the auspices of the
Red Cross societies, that' games, books,
magazines and illustrated papers- t>e con
tributed for use at Angel Island, at the
Presidio and the scattered posts in the
Philippines. During the past two months
twenty boxes of literature have been
shipped to the American library at Ma
uUa'and the hospitals at Santa Cruz. San
Torcas. Corregidor Island. Dulag, Guam
and other points.
of the American Library for
Manila.
Earnest Appeal Is Made in. Behalf
SEEKS BOOKSTAND GAMES
' >; FOR USE- OF. SOLDIERS
Association Chooses Delegates to At
tend tae National Convention
at -Milwaukee.
Sari Francisco grocers will be well rep
resented at the National Convention of
Retail Grocers that is to be held at Mil
waukee the latter part of this month.
Daniel' F. Keefe, Joseph A. Stulz.* B. A.
Schmidt and J. Salomon were elected as
delegates at the annual meeting of the
Retail Grocers* Association held last
night, with Eugene McCoy, J. J. Hayes,
J. XV. King and W. Salomon' as alter
nates.' * . ti&r*r\ ¦ ' ¦
It was also decided to contribute $75
toward paying the expenses of a dele
gate from the -State Orocers' and Mer
chants' Assoclatlpn. •' .
¦ Resolutions of respect to the memory
of the late John C. Nobmann, who was
'president of the association for several
terms, were passed. '• "'¦'¦-: ". ¦ .
Directors for the ensuing year were
alected as follows: J. S. Elliott. A. Wat
kins. J. M. Sullivan, H. G. Lackmann,
Henry Elmers. J. W. King. IX, F.^ Keefe,
J. Salomon. E. V. McCoy. J. H. Cor
coran and P. A. -Buckley. " ¦
RETAIL GROCEES ELECT
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
.Corset Specials for This W«ek.
'Sapphire.corsets. 42.50: Royal Worcester
corset,- black, $1.25 quality,* 65c JA11 cor
sets * fitted. A Chester • F. rJWrlght; : 6 Geary
Bt.," cor. i Kearny, first i floor upstairs. •
¦ * PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCT.— Petitions in
insolvency I were - filed ; yesterday-' in* the '-United
States -District Court* as 'follows : O Hennas iM."
Pa*e.'* farmer, ;¦ Wlllowa," 1 : Glenn; County," liabili
ties $5180, \ no assets ; i John Leon t Ben well, ; con-'
tractor, Oakland; liabilities ?5KJ3, no:assets. ..
.The Richmond Associa
tion" complained 'to. the'; Board of . Super-
Visors yesterday"; that .the Market-street
Railway. Company, is now;breaklng ( upthe
concrete ' roadbed « of : Its ' railway on • Sixth
avenue vand ? Lake,* street and. depositing
the debris' In i three] parallel 'layers in the
bottom "of" the ¦.-.trench:;,,; The oldj street
cable-ia cut'inUengths and wound about
the - larger pieces s of j concrete.-, The ' asso
ciation ¦ requests; that "the • board - compel
the - corporation" to .remove , the * obstruc
tions^and restore the- street , to fits orig
inal" condition. ; , - r •
Wants Obstructions Bexnoved.
What and How to Plant.
-Of 'great assistance to growers will ba
found the new illustrated catalogue of the
Cox, Seed Company, . 411-13-15 Sansoma
street, of tbisclty.'Just issued. .
The catalogue is "replete with vital in
fcrmatloh-i pertaining:- to the selection,
planting and attention necessary to Insure
perfection of result, In horticulture. ¦ It Is
erjually" of value ¦ to i the; farmer,: and the
gardener » and la mailed free to* 1 any ad-
Bes'ides being highly artis'tic In design
ard. execution it* possesses, the; value of
being issued by the largest and most re
liable seed house In the , West. v\ i V_. ,
• : The firm . carries • constantly at their
Oakland-Nursery.a'complete stock of fruit
trtcs, small fruit and ornamental plants.
- ; .The ¦ Bay and \ Coast '¦ Railroad \. Company
filed : a protest yesterday/ with;, the '• Board
of Supervisors 'against 1 the passage of •; the
ordinance: repealing, the .franchise | granted
to %t. to ' enter the - city at -Twenty-fourth
and Illtnoisf streets.* * The ; company,:repre
sents .that' the t official grades": have h»ot
,beeti'<! established -, over the ; proposed I route
and- that it - is? impossible ¦• to ¦, expend,',the
required • sum : of I --. $25,000 v in '¦> construction
work.* -W.".T. Baggett, attorney 3 for? the
company,, states that-; it i has.: spent much
money in the 1 enterprise ¦ and will ¦,: certah\
ly • builds the" road.'. ¦-." } ' ,\ ;¦''¦'-.': ~ ":¦[¦¦'
Would Retain the Franchise.
¦My husband often spoke, to me about a 'young
lady", whose name.". I ¦ think, ls.Ruby -M. Luck-:
liardt. • . He -said she .was ail ' heiress 1 and rtier
brother .' was : trying . to gain possession .of,; valu
able papers in ; her possession. ;He>eameUo.m<s
last . .Tuesday .- and - said > he ; was i going r to - see
Mies " Luckhardt off : ¦ that ., she was ' going < JDast
to avoid her brother. > He.dld not'return and:-I
became- suspicious.- I. then discovered .that' he
had. takert $300; from " my i trunk,* and it hen 'I
knew the worst. . I !¦ employed ,: detectives* to
trace 'him- and they ', in formed , me . that; he . ha J
The San Francisco girl.-.who.,since;her
marriage to the stranger .-, has .'..believed
herself to be: a, real Countess, .says .she'
wants the' "Comte"' punished , 'if :he ; has
practiced : duplicity. She '. naively ; relates
how soon after ' her marriage the father.,
of her titled husband, who was; no i less: a
personage, than the "Marquis. of Orleans,'.',
offered her, $75,000 if she would ' : agree to a
separation. Ade^Jna refused the offer with
scorn. She never took the '* trouble ,to , in'-'
quire whether there .' was "> a 'i "Comte i dc'
Paris" or a "Marquis of, Orleans." , Who
the nian, was who bore c the latter •' title'
she does not know.;" -' > ; •.'¦''>.¦.•.- "v^'i
' The. alleged VComte.de Paris',' ' gave ; his 1
name . as ' "Arnold" Francis . de "tPresboist." |
The man who passed as -- his J father gave;
his name and -title as -."Marquis? Arnold.
E ."devPresboist d'Orleans.de Chartres.V'
The stationery used by ¦ the ' "Comte'' - bore
the name and title of ; the VMarquls": and
helped greatly .to Impress'. Adelina "Bia-;
glni. ? :¦• . . . :. :
The "Con\te"- told, his .San • Francisco:
love that he ; was , heir to.all thelmilllonsi
of .the *>Prlncess ,of. Orleans"- -and '.; that <
when- he finally^came Into possession,; of.
them -V Adelina 5 and himself would, live.* in'
state in France's gay capital. ; . ' ¦:¦',', "•'
When the/'Comte'U left San Franciscoi
and Adelina he took: $300 thaUshe- iha.l
stowed away ina'.trunk. -¦ She. says if ; she
could get? this' back she would' be /pleased.'
' * In regard ' to ¦ Miss ; Luckhardt' 1 the i de
serted San Francisco girl said : '. • ¦ ' . ,'
Frank Luckhardt,- brother ; of Ruby,'' is
on : his way to Ensenada overland* with
an American officer, determined "to secure
Flood's arrest and extraditloriVand^pre
vent him selling $20,000 worth. of; real es
tate, the deeds to, which Ruby, ,ls 'said: to
ha\'e taken with her. .'¦ : ¦ , ¦ ..', -"-•..¦ •'• . '. : -
tangled, himself up with ] two '.wo
men—one of San Francisco, the other of
Los Angeles— in a*.' manner | that"; promised
to. bring. him trouble.'. The stranger tved-f
ded Adelina' Biaginl, daughter of Joseph,
Biagini, a cattle dealer of 50S Greenwich
street, on September 14 last. 'having met
her only, a . few; days before. r, They: spent
their honeymoon in Los Angeles. -'•Now
hjt: has . deserted -her and' is ; thought, to be
at Ensenada.'Baja- California, with.-Miss
Ruby M. :Luckhardt of! Los. Angeles, Jess
than 18 yearsof age, who Is supposed. t.6j
have run away ; from • "home ;.wlth :^ the
"Comte" last week.-- ¦•;:'; .'* ¦'.'-"¦ '-•-..'"•'¦i.-:
AMAN of suave address .who.^has
been wearing the modest;: title; of
I "Comte.de Paris," butwho seems
to be plajn John B. N. Flobd.ihas
gone to: San Diego. Later I got a letter from
El Paso In which. he stated that he would : soon ¦
return, but. I. afterward learned that the ; let-
In certain quarters a study Is being
made ; of the subject of the taxation of
the Southern Pacific ' Company properties
in this State. In a few weeks new as
sessments will begin for the current year.
Corporations that have to pay. more than
their share o£, taxes because of the t^s
shirking abilities of the" great railroad cor
poration are interested. It' may be' re
caled that when the State Board of
Equalization- completed its work* in 1901
the Southern - Pacific Company's railroad
lines were assessed : at " the rate of only
$10,500 per mile in this State. • The Cen
tral Pacific Company's lines were assessed
at $17,408 53 per mile. Taking all the prop
erties that . belonged to ' the . Southern Pa
cific Company at the, time of the last is
sue of Poor's Manual, the statistics being
brought down to the date of June 30, 1900,
the total mileage then owned by the com
pany - was , 7865. The ! gross earnings for
the entire system » actually owned by the
company averaged 18106 66 per . mile and
the : net earnings were $2194 84, . even ac
cording to the figures oi the company.
The debt averaged more than 129,117 per
mile,' the total .capital stock then being
$197,832,148 and the bonded debt $31,176,500.
Nevertheless, with these facts in view,
when the State' Board of Equalization
made up^ the last • assessment ¦ finally the
Southern Pacific Company got off at the
easy rate of $10,500 per mile. Where real
estate is mortgaged in California the
mortgage 1 is assessed at its full value.
The railroad company - escaped with an
assessment' that was so much smaller
than > the value of even the debts against
it that it -was ridiculous. The average
debt -of all' the mileage owned by the
Southern ¦ Pacific > Company does not rep
resent ;the ¦ debt per mile • In this State,
where the earning capacity Is several fold
greater than that . of the lines leading
through Nevada, Arizona, Texas and New
Mexico.' Some .difficulty is met with in
giving the 'exact bonded and stock liabil
ity of the railroad mileage of the.South
ern Pacific Company in California, as the
tabulations • do - not segregate it conclu
sively; but the lines in this State; on the
basis of earnings and the selling. price of
stook, are worth $80,000 to $90,000 per mile.
THe assessment last year was for : only
about one-eighth of -the actual- value of
the -property and for only about one
fourth of what it Is mortgaged for.
ALLEGED FRENCH (nQI^EMAI^
CHARGES HIM WITH 'ROBBING' HER OF ; $300,' AND THE -YOUNGLADY WITH .WHOM HE : IS SAID ' TO
Its Burdens With
Success.
Southern Pacific Dodges
RAILWAY TAXES
ARE TOO SMALL
ADELINA BIAGIN1 WE^M^M^(}ER \
POSING AS THE DE PA^
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, THUltSDAYv^^JaStJARY: 9, 1902.
12
ter.had been sent by some one else at his re
quest. ;;*¦- v -.r, "";.-.- : * : , ,r,. ¦.".'.."•.¦.-,¦'"¦'.-',''¦.."¦ '¦ ;
Press, dispatches- from Sari Diego tell of
the- elopement^ of-: Ruby Luckhartit and
John ;B.- N. ..Flood and their trip to'Ense
nada. .Governor Sanguines ,.ofs-the» Mexi
can peninsula wired; that*Flood;"could' not
be> arrested . on' a rtelegram; but ; that the
girl couldanot dispose of the'real estate
asshe'was'under age." - '-'¦< 'i.'.'i'
Alleged No Kl e m an;
Then Slopes With
\b air i- os \/\ngeles :
Maiden* ; T ¦
GHI^DREN^S
wdbLEN:
DRESSES.
An Absolute Clearance; of Every Child's
: :; - : Dre.sin the Houssi \. >; ' J
t,'/ ,The«e garment!) "are. rr\ade of- tine- Hen-
' rlettes,.,. Cashmeres, 1 ' Broadcloths; S German
i and; French Flannels, made up'lnthei very :
• latest styles, effectively Urlmmed. with s Vel-
vet Ribbons, ;- Fancy ..Braids,'* Point- Venlte
j Laces, and : Insertions, . etc. ; >. every dress r on ;
: sale -lined, throughout: sizes 2: to* 10 years.'
;/. Following .'.prices; will.-.rnake^shortvwork
. of v these; dresses. , • '; : = " ; '. ™~ . -. ;.: "''. - '«'i '- ]
OO<- : F6r.':?1.50* 'CHILDREN'S ' GER-
; Out ft MAN, FLANNEL .DRESSES. ;:..-; -.;
' <C I -¦ P5 fi I F °r' $ :{ ' CHI LDRBN 1 S FwOOIi
; O..» •, V,V PLAID ¦ DRESSES. V . c\\ '; \?;..y:
C 1 dCk For >:{.25 CHILDREN'S HEN-
tP I •O.O'.ARIETTE- DRESSES..:- .¦ ¦¦,;.'¦':'¦'
'<J? O" r r|Cr Fori$3:75 r C H I L D R,E N '." S
:9>*«Up.' cashmere;dresses.;.. •_ . /
ti> I "Q'O?^i>P.M-C-H.I-t;D RE N ' S .
€D1«€/O ¦.. yy.\}i n el; dresses.- •.: \> : ,;
'ffO 'On "FoV.:$4:00i.'C H I L D REN,' S :
DRESSES... .¦ '"• >¦
iflr O"--'Q BE i Fof r $5.00 H C H f L* D R E N ', S j
7 **'.¦* •.*?**,' FLANNEL DRESSES.: - v
OnlyS
£J Q ii" ' For ti.00 '.FLANNEL' . WRAP-:
;,V»O'L»;-PERS.ru-. ¦>> ' ¦ ,-¦•/ / • . - '¦' ¦¦: ¦ '¦'
QOfi: For i $1:50 . 'FLANNEL "WRAP-:
--- -V:,' .;J PERS -;, ~ : ;,S' '-¦ •','¦¦'¦ '.•-'* "¦ '<¦'' ,/ : ""-' : '
Q T r» - Vo 'r ' i WOM EN'S" FLAN N EL
O_ t V .'GOWns. •¦-, -,: > ¦-»:: > -.-...¦¦ • ... : ¦
:CJf|r*r"i r or i '73cv .WOMEN'S : FLANNEL
- V~ - " GOWNS -V— : <'"-" : v :r •;':', *,'¦?-''.. "lu ". f
i ''J, a?I* little -. • lot\- of -U CHILDREN'S % CRO-
iCHETED>- WOOL';SKIRTS.i sizes^4-^0 > U
; years.'- These Skirts hnve.been. selling from'
$1.7Choic« of any.slze, .To-if—rx^-,;
.day.,'. ". : .-. *: : . .:. .-;_;: ¦; .; .-.'. .•...;;..- 1 UUw
'/¦•'»' Ouri factory 'just 'sent ' us another • lot of
•WOMEN'S'-. WINTER 'WAISTS » I to 5 close
out. -• On I sale.- at* ; .'. . /. .: . #9e and , «9c» .
¦- Regular price of these Waists is 75o. an J
j$1.20./ :: ¦-,;¦, .,¦,;>' ;-.; :;-< ;.:,.r .¦';....;.;.,•,>¦.¦,.
?C 1 ?r|et 'For- 51^75 WOMEN'S' WALK -
tP l«VfO ING SKIRTS "of 1 heavy >MeI-*
tonette. ' . , " • ,. - ;.
:.;.-* WE CLOSE '/AT 1 SIX O'CLOCK. ' .'. '0
; i212^1214>\ MARKET ST.,
¦ .;. f- -Bet.' Taylor and Jone3. v ;
¦¦• '¦- ¦ ¦'". -'• '" "¦'-¦¦¦'¦ ¦ Hale'sJ. '¦'¦¦-'•*¦ : '•••' I ; Hole's., ,-:.. txn -. 1 . L ...
¦...-¦- . r' •¦¦>.'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ / ' ' ¦
Do you follow our daily talks? It's-well to do it whether, you're going
shopping, or not. We don't : advertise simply to get folks^to the store—they
come fast enough without that. Hale's advertising is information. • There
.isn't that over-anxiety about prices _ in it, nor is it m sensible folks minds
when they go. buying. There is i so much mirage to. this bargain business Uiat
people don't knowlwhether theyare following up the real thing or not. The
; : demand was for a sate, .liberal .store— and you^ have it. j, '¦
¦ This to show you^ the niche Hale's fills— and the advertising is t made to
?^ ; -';;/:,;,;:,'"-.- .. — —° Silverware.
H o ri (\ I^£» t*C h IPk'f « -We are making this a place for you
'nanUKCrtHIClJ) to buy your silverware- First, by
-Uhlaundered. A" timely and im- getting what's reliable, having only.
„%,?,„? «ff^r__.4nor>- readv thU the prettiest and latest designs, and
portant offer— 4000 ready this the / nsking you j css pr i ccs than you
, morning. , pay an y place else.
- •' ; T2 nr >Vi Three illustrations:
5C CaCn. 4-piece Tea Set S 3.7 5.
..'.,. Silver plated, satin engraved— teapot.
Hemstitched" and initialed. sugar bowl, spoon holder and, creamer.
fS^S • u 1 j t n ;j.« r, ni i These are so pretty, so good, so cheap
Others with colored borders and that we . have been sold out oi them
hemstitched - three tlnies In two months
nernstitcnea.., .... Another Tea Set «6.75-Quadruple
A stirring price, yes; out. trie -t plate, satin engraved. • ;
handkerchiefs themselves offer .- Butter Dish $2.50. .\
' biggcr : reason still for'your- buy- Quadruple'plated. satin finish and en-
. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦,-•¦ ¦¦ . " graved, with plated glass butter drainer. ¦
° , Ribbon
TrirhlTIPrl Hfltcflir With satin back, \ so popular for \
11 Iil " lllC y \ ..f" 1 -^ "«w dress trimming, belts or hair bows. 1
A fraction of their value, but that S3C y,^L» 9 S0e bolt— No. 2. '.;.
doesn't, matter. We have not -priced tf\<~.\ T A tinnt.ni* u n 9
them according to their looks or their IOC yd., $100 bolt— No. 3.
materials. . " What will, sell them?" 'jgQ v( j $ f m40 bolt-N O :S.
That s the aim. ' If you want one »/ 7
' you'd better be^quick. 1 8C y U., $*-75 bolt-Nol 7.
Another "Lot At *2. 5O— Women's and OSSr* -%j A &9 40 halt Ma o
.children's, a grouping of many lines. ZOv yilty **-*u ooit — NO- if.
Another Lot At H54.OO— Made right QAr vH S2 85 halt— No 19
up to style as they, can be and from OXJK, yUi, *'-o^> Oon—HO. V.
thevery best materials. $4.00, barely QK^ - rr * *o ozh»i* u~ ia
covers cost of materials, but that does ODC yU.j «•« bolt— No. 70.
not matter; new hats will be here soon. And th< . ribbon i 3 the best" there is.
:,We cannot afford to keep these. tu.,. ... t u. orices we ask riffht
v Loss? Yes, but It does not begin to , ? a f e "f P i , f S
compare with the long season of profit along, though they re so low you
we have had. . might think they were special.
'"-'•" ' * •• ''"'"' »
Manufacturers' Samples.
900 Tu rkish Towels.
This Morning: Less Than Regular Prices.
All sizes, bleached or unbleached.
.• ; They are such good towels, so well made, the manufacturer was will-
ing to risk his output on them. He sent them out to us to make selec-
tions for 'regular stocks. We did — that's how much we think of them.
; Then he turned right : around and told us we could have these at a
; loss—^and so may you." 7
There are so few of a kind and so "many kinds we can only give them
a general mention.
To make this Coffering still stronger we will also sell
Cottpn Towels at 3k Each.
« V ' '- They're fringed, size 16x29 inches— a good fair towei, soft for face
"-¦ use.- . - .- ¦¦-. ¦ '•"¦-- ¦ ¦ . . " - • . -
MarketStpeet, "W^f5&^/^S T Market Street »
Opooslte Golden JSp, JB/iS^Z--~^ VK^^^^^B^ jOppo»!t» Golden
I Gats Avenue. ' \AtBt 00OO&*^^ 1 Gate Avenue.
"o~". •;;•;;'.;'¦ — w ¦;. ¦¦ -^ — » — - — — — 6
r— ©^wj^^^m^ — =
This Week's Remarkable
B la ck b l Ik bale \
will continue for three days longer v
¦ The sale for the first three days has met with
generous and hearty response, but riotwithst'anding
the immense crowds that have/attended,' our
assortment is still complete owing to the; magni-
. tude of the purchase. New, choice arid most staple '
BLACK SILKS are being offered y at prices never :
heard of before. Just a hint:-r- " '; v
i $1.25 and J1.50 Peau de Soie, on sale at 95c and '$1.25 yd. \
70c and |i.io Taffetas, on salg at S5c and 85c yd. '; v
85c and £1.00 Satin Duchesse, on sale at 65c and 70c yd. -
$1.25 and $1. 50 Figured Silks, on sale at 85c and $1.00 yd. v
Before • Inventory Bargains
All broken assortments sacrificed regardless of original prices
Dress Trimming Department
Out go all odd pieces. The majority are new stylish goods
in choicest designs : Bolero Jackets, boleros, Reveres, Collars,
Bodices, Waist Fronts, Skirt Panels, etc., in Black, Gold and
Silver Spangled—Black and Gold,* White and Gold, and all
Black Renaissance Lace- — Black Silk—^Jet < Beaded— Gold
Braided, etc. All at immense reductions from former prices.
A partial list is given below: " 1
Bolero Jackets Boleros— Waist front pieces
$ 4.50 instead of $ 7.25 $ 1.75 instead, of $ 3.25
5.00 instead of 10.00 J 2.75 .instead of 4.00
7.50 instead of 17.50 4.25 instead 0/7.75
10.00 instead of 26.00. 4. SO instead -of 9.50
Reveres pollars— Revere effects
$ 1.25 instead of $ 2.50 $.2-00 instead of $ 3.75
, 2.25 instead of 3.50 '• 2.25 v instead of 4.50.
3.00 instead of 7.06 3.00 instead of 6.75
4.C0 instead of 7-75 5.C0 instead of 10. co '
$3.00, $9.00 and $12 Skirt Panels, now $100, $2.70 and J5.CO
$3.00 and $3.75, Jet Beaded Bcdices, now £1.00. and -.£1.25
$8.00 and £15.00 Spangled Waist Fronts, now £5.50 and £6.25 I
Ladies' Knit Underwear
Closing out sale of this season's accumulation of odd sizes in '
Ladies' Winter Underwear. All are perfect goods— but assort-
ments are broken. Note the great reductions in prices: A
Ladies' White Merino Vests. Ladies' Ribbed Winter '\
and Pants; odd sizes in Ameri- Weight Balbriggan Vests and
can Hosiery Co's make — were Pants, were 75c each 1 , now 50c
£1.50 to £2.5oeach, now £1.00
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Union 'Ladies' Ribbed Woolen
Suits, long sleeves, ankle Equestrienne Tights, knee
length; were $2.25 and $3.00 length; were S1.25 and. £1.50.
a suit, now £1.75. P er P a * r V n ? w 75c -
Ladies' Imported Swiss Rib- Ladies'" Fancy Lisle. Thread
bed Merino Vests, high neck Hose, in choice.stripes; always
and long sleeves; were $1. 50 sold, at 50c- a pair; now
each, now £1 .00. ig] 34c or 3 pairs for £1. i§I|
¦? ; @rM ¦ 'i- o - 1 '• ¦
t lannelettes— 8 c a yard
Flannelettes in this season's prettiest designs on dark and
light grounds— especially Suitable for ladies' Wrappers and
children's night dresses, were ioc and i2}£c a yard— closing -
out price 8c- ; -7^
M== Kearnv andSutkr Streets =
¦ V^w'M" r ' ' We a r e'»n.- daily re-
V r cei Pt i;i of>Ne:^ ; Spring
'!v /^^M styles in .<-:•"/•:-(;
A J Ladies' Suits
j \/ and Garments
. jy . ' L. ,; all of which, are ex-
' P- I 1 \ '¦ ¦ c '", d .'. nf?ly : cni 'c and
'• M \ ¦ I V.ralV" graceful.';-
' Uiifo. ¦%:-'.-. \S.~ :W- T)l?_ a 9. c . om Panyinff
5a'-" 111. i^J]^^ illustration i is rone of
'v\y7^> v vi9 ur vM ;•¦ de-
: ,; . -a signs. and" is charrri-
ing^ in'; the • extreme. 1 '.' • ,We' niake these
garments ;to order,/ f rom ; accurate meas-,
out of .our 'own ' special ; design^, : in
cjoth; ior , the same ; money that ordinary;
cornmonplace, ready-made -ones cost.
'The" t tailorin*gus' perfect,;- the, linings; are
high class and- the .fihishinjc: is superb. v
TAILORS
|P14 MarKJEX JiTV San frjncisco^
illiiiiiii
-fl^HIS WEri-OOWN AND RKMABLE OLD
I l ¦ Specialist c»r« Blood Poison. NoDorrhceH.OIret.
mi c i u JiV' ! *«' l »l''al Weakness. Impulrncr and their
vHook onrDise»we 3 of Men, free.
1 °7ih t r e i l /Cf xl 2 e S e "^ e ' Term * reasonablo. Hours,
9toSnally;6;30to8.30*'V t K!i.Sunrtii.VM;i0tii 12. Consul-
tatioufreeaudaacredly confidential, call oraddress
1- -P.'ROiSCOE r ]HcNBLTY, ; M. ; D.'- - ,
jgg^HLearny St.; San Francisco, Cal.
: y;^ EXPERT OPTICIAN;. '.. : v »
«S<* :¦ NFGLECTED EYESIGHT
AFFECTS .THE BRAIN. \ Mayerle Glasses' can-
not vlje' had from. any; traveling optician. ¦ THE
GENUINE .^ must .v- be.ff ordered v\ direct - from
GEORG EJ ; MAYERLE. i Graduate - German * Ex-
pertlOptldan-. 1071^ [Market = street.v San' Fran-
clsco.'^^Telephone* South V572.' '-• German '* Eve-
water,^60c."^ Cut-thU out,*c - - = ¦ y
- i ¦¦ . • . '. '•¦ ¦¦-¦¦¦ -»•-¦ ... : - , -
SPECUL SALE!
THUBSOAY, FRIDAY^ SATURDAY.
OtTR GXJARANTEB WOR HIGHEST
QUAIJTT GOES WITH 5VERY AR-
TICLE. /
Ranch Eggs, 2 dozen........ 65c
The very finest — wort!* 40c a dSfcen.
BUTTER, 2 squares... 7«c
Choice creamery— wor^h 45c a iquare.
PRUNES, French style, lb......5c
,"¦ .'Gro'WTi In Santa Clara. County:
best obtainable. Regularly 3 lbs. 28c." *
PRESERVED GINGER, large jar- 35c
An Oriental delicacy.
¦ Regularly 60c.
Sweet Pickled Figs . . pl^ 5 J s r ra?
Very delicious.
ResuUrly 30c and 60c,
FRENCH VERMOUTH, bot.-:..5ba
Nullly. Pratt & Co.
SCOTCH WHISKEY, hot. SI.OQ
"The Straan."
Clyde Bondlnjc Co.. Glasgow
Reeularly |1 25.
CONDENSED SOUPS, 3 cans- :25c
Chicken,JMunigatauny, Oxtail. Mock
Finnan HadJies, very choice, 15. 15c
Country orders riven I prompt attantlon.
Catalosns Free.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
TELEPHONE MAIN SS83.
A^.TatiOTsd . .
'^^^p j l^ at represent .the best
£ wM? there h in the , tailor's
f tfi art; that have in them
ij ji - the finest quality- and
f .'*!| y: latest desisms in cloth.
if*^^ we make to order on
payment of
(J> 4 (If) a Week.
Every, stitch put into, these. jrarment3
is needled witb the knowledge that our
reputation is at stake and a determina-
tion to maintain a high 'quality of work-
Be sure of our name and number;
I CO EillS dt. Above Powell
A Kaufmann sale means I
swell shoes at a saving
¦ To give an adequate description of the values' to be had at this cleararice
sale— to impress you with the hijrfi-Krade shoes offered is next to impossible.
.Bear in mind Kaufmann's reputation for fine high-Rrade shoes— re-
member that each,yalue is iust as represented-— count on savin* from 2V to
50 per cent and your buyinsr will afford you a pleasure'and a profit.
A good many of the values arein the windows— see them. ; \
i 6 i kId la f e sho f s . hand welt- j .Children's and Misses* kid slippers In;
! ;^ « x . te " s ion soles, with either klJ,| white, blue. pink, red and bronzej
vf w « ™,i I^Sm, er «?f' n^r'V a" ' patent leather and kid.' a good many,
nrirt «o c- ' 535 ° values: 8ale I sl^ cs: slzes 8% to 11,? formerly $1.50
price. S_.S.». ! and $1.75, now reduced to «3c; sizes
Ladies' heavy W felt '^^x^y^^^^^l^^^l
black, blue and red. with hand sewed, I . - ?f *f V*
?. noiseless soles, just* the thing for » ~" —
these cold mornings and nights, for- I Several hundred pairs of ladles' satin
i mer prices $1.50 and $1.75,- now re- : slippers in blue, white, red, corn,
•. duced to 8i;i5. ! pink and black; former prices from-
— ' J2.5O to $5.00; closing them out now in
Ladies' mercerized Romeos. neat- ¦ three lots at • 55c. SI .O5 ' and
striped patterns, white flannel lined, 31.55. • •
I fur trimmed, sold right along at $1.50, ~ — -
closing out now^SOc. Indies' all-patent leather oxford ties-
Children's kid or box calf shoes in < wlth el^ her mlllta ry. or LXV heels,
button or lace, with extension soles" o? P^et S&V&^t g °° d assortme , nt
sizes 6 to 8. good looking.and service- -¦ °- elzefr ' 83 ' lo « ' - - -
able shoes— the best that have ever ' , — , ;
been sold In this city for J)5c.; Laird. Schober & Co.'s- children's and
:N^Mb? f O fT n ' B shoes •¦•S!SS; leaS
double soles have been:reduced toes, nice light • dress shoes, sizes
PiT* a ? ' an \ a 8Teat many "Sht-- '8 to 10%. formerly $2.00, now, reduced
(^ £ a \ f.^ 8 M°f s 5 1 * , to be nad to 5165: Blzes u to 2Vs." formerly $2.60;^
K row at substantial reductions. now reduced to »l.j)O. ; ™
Wed promptl, I » aiP^Pire^ neli*^"cata-
tffyou want M\^ : FORMERLY LUCKES^MJ S~^ wef/
832 MARKE.T sr.S.F :