¦SAN -FRANCISCO, JAN UiARY^J,^ 1 902.;-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO 38.
Al Bouvier is on the^ slate for Election Commissioner.
Thomas Boyle, old-time companion of Eugene E. Schmitz, will get
something, even if it be nothing more desirable than Civil Ser
vice Commissioner. Dr. Dillon for the Health Board and A.
* Roncovicri for the School Board arc on the slate. John Stanton
is enrolled for another term as Park Commissioner.
Mayor-elect Schmitz seems to have yielded to the pressure of
the City Front Federation and' consented to appoint H. W. Hutton
Police Commissioner. At last accounts A. Ruef zvas vigorously
putting forxvard the claims of J. A. Drinkhouse.
M'AYOR PHELAN ivent to work yesterday on his calen
dar*of unfinished business and appointed Frank J. Sullivan
Park Commissioner Jo. 'succeed Walter Martin, resigned, and
C: A. Murdock, Civil Service Commissioner, to fill the vacancy
caused by the -death of ' J. Richard LFreud.. The outgoing Mayor
also : recominissioned 'Rolla V.lVatt Fire Commissioner, and
A. B. Spreckels Park Commissioner. Officers of the new regime
¦went to the City Hall. yesterday and made formal demands for
¦ the offices to which they zvere recently elected, but their demands
zvere not complied zvith: They.ivcre invited to come again
IVcdficsday, January 8, at noon, being assured that the offices would
.then be siirrthdcred to the elect. Ex- Assembly man W. H. Cobb
has been appointed attorney for Auditor Harry Baehr, and
George D. Squires has \ been selected as the legal adviser of
Sheriff John Lackmann^ Other appointments may be announced
to-day. •; . \ '-' '¦ -. .. !
COMMISSIONERS NAMED
BY OUTGOING MAYOR
Continued on Page 'Two. '7 ; • - ; !
'"Continued on Pajjs Fiva
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— An endowment of
$1,000,000 has been given by Mr. and Mrs*.
Harold M<%irmick of Chicago to found
a medical '"institution, which will be
known as the Memorial- Institute- for In
fectious Diseases, as a tribute ';, to the
memory of their little son, John Rocke
feller McCormick. who died -of -scarlet
fever 'a year ago. At present^, provision
has been ljiade only for^ • experimental
work, covering a period of five years. '•¦
Endows a Medical Institute.
ADRIAN, Mich., Jan. 6.— James Hooker
was shot three times late last night by
Bert Farrln;;ton of Milan and so badly
wounded that he died to-day. Mrs. Far
rington, who had not lived with her hus
band for a number of months, was visit
ing at Hooker's home. Farrington came
here from Milan last night and went to
the Sheriff Ejid asked help to secure evi
dence againsit his wife for the purpose of
securing a divorce. Accompanied by Sher
iff Shepherd and a policeman, Farrington
went to the .Hooker house about midnight.
When the party secured admission Far
rington opened fire over the Sheriff's
shoulder as soon as he saw the couple
together. He fired five shots and three
took effect In Hooker's body. The woman
vajs uninjured. Farrington is under ar
*tML ..... .
Effect in the Body of His
Victim.
.Fires Five Shots and Three Take
JEALOUS HUSBAND KILLS
COMPAITION OF HIS WIFE
" * Tau^zky Makes : Stroiig -Fight.
'.;. Rueben H.' Lloyd 'at 'present', holds .the.
works) ;'but. ; no' doubt 'i willl be'.* happy .to
surrender, the place • to :a young 'arid /gen-;
lal:lawyer. like Mr/ Cobb. ; Edmund Tausz- ;
kjr. r put up . a" stron-j ;flght:* for". tbis;offlce.
A 'hot fight for ~the position'' of attorney
for Auditor-elect^Harrj^.Baehr^was sat
tled•-yesterday 1 , afternoon Un;. favor ;df * \V.
H.,,Cobb'. the ."organization" a candidate.
The office is recognized: In the charter'aml
the J'compenaatibn i», therein fixed sit S1S00
per'annum. .' .. .'. ,^'i' •[ ', ';'.'? .
place , on the Fire Commission, has been
tendered to" Simmons to compensate the
latterfor loss ot the 'coveted place on
the Bpard>of Works, but the carpenter of
the . Tivoli ' flghts : shy • of ' acceptance.
Should he positively " decline Thomas
Boyle may be, named for the Fire Board.
In , the ..event.. :of . ¦ Slmraons* acceptance
Boyle. .will .be. assigned to the Civil .Ser
vice Commission . as the" successor of
Qulnn. Al Bouvier '.is on the slate, for
Election Commissioner. 1 '.-'¦ A.' ' Gruenberg,
-who was obliged , to give .\vay~t or 'Hut ion.
is offered a place on the Park Boaril ,. to
succeed John Stanton. but declines the of
feron the ground that- he Is not an"ai?tis;.
AH * sighs point to Stantcn's retention' on
the commission.. Dr. Dillon : will rectivc
a .commission to, serve' on the* Board > of
Health.; It is gossip that A. Kuef is put
ting up a" strong battle . to place J: A.
Drlnkhouse ionUhe.'slatej for Police Cohi
missio'ner, but. has faiisd. up to the pres
ent-\vriting, .to /convince .Schmitz that
Hutton'snnme should be erased. .'-..' • :
[Lucius . Solomon had aspirations for the
¦billet, but Mr. Cobb had the longest pola
or the' strongest pull. Thomas D. Rlor
dan, chairman of the late Republican
convention, was so deeply engrossed In
lamenting, his misfortune. In failing to re
ceive the appointment of attorney for th#
Public Administrator that he . never
thought of the Auditor attorneyship unt'l
It was too late to get his forces into line.
Frank McGowan walked sway with the
i,law business of the Public Administrator
early i a the scramble. Now comes
George D. Squires with the Sheriff's at
terneyshSp hanging at his belt. McGow
an and Squires wire original
Grand ' Hotelera and stayed \ wltb
the party through all Its tribula
tion . and trouble. The original mis
sion of the party 13 now accomplished.
The reforms desired have been attained.
Lackmann, ; Farnham. McGowan and
Squires are comfortably fixed as office
holders. It is a source of satisfaction to
reflect that they are capable men and
respected citizens. "While the Grand Ho
telers are waving the banners of patron
age won the Primary Leaguers are reap
ing fruits of conquest George B. Keana
has -been appointed secretary of the new
Mayor. Mr.V Keane has derived knowl
edge : of 'politics and law In the offices ol
:A. ! Ruef. .
Clerk of Board of Supervisors.
y At .this afternoon's meeting of the Board
of ''Supervisors a successor will be ap-
*; Mayor-elect'Schmitz's slate. Is'-made" up,
subject" to one change/ which may. involve
readjustment ;; in'/- several /• .place's, j "The .
Board of Public .Works 'Commissioner •' is
hot flnallyv settled.' S.Simmoris : was slateb;
'at (first,.; but from 7 friends -and
¦ supporters 'of.', another ;.¦¦ aspirant - '\ causcil^
; Schmitz : t to, reconsider. f H. # W. v .Hutton •¦
;^in • the -. list 'i for .'¦;' Police '.¦ Co'mmlsslorier^ to
succeed ' Judge
Vaine I to^ succeed . Mrs.V Klncalrd » on the
, Board* of Education is not* disturbed. ! ' A
. Mayor Pheian ..was not > idle yesterday.
He appointed^C.- A. •; Murdock; , a ; wcil
known anti-boss' Republican of the'Forty.- :
first District,' to 'succeed: as'jCivil Servicte
.Commissioner; the' late I J. 'Freud.'
•He," also .{appointed : ; his - brother-in-law,
; Frank J.- Sullivan/ Park- Commissioner "to
fill .the vacancy. 1 caused by 'the '.'resignation'
of 'Colonel. Walter 'Martin.';',The Mayor fe
/apppinted -"A. :\ B. " Spreckels i to {the . ' Park*
¦ Commission ; arid -.-. Rolla :,y. ; Watt", to tits
Fire. Commission.^ .These, appointments
'were made to' remove' technicalities.''!- ¦
: . , .yesterday and demanded? pos
session - of: their .'respective , offices!' but the
demands .were: not acceded! to for reasons
set forth- in the'receht opinion' of. the City
Attorney. • This ,oplnion j holds .that Mayor
Phi?lan'fl term: of, office will: not.'expire.un
tiiitKe end 6r January 7, as" he 'took office
on January. 3, s 'la00,\ to sefye for .two years.
fs HE 'municipal 'officers /elected
'•{ November ; 6 ' willr be" • inducted
-.; into :•. office \ to-morrow : . noon.
: Following; they advice ; of', coun
; sel,;th'ey,. went; to "the. City Hall
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan.
tary Hay and M/Constantin Brun, th«
Danish Minister. to the United States, to
day signed a treaty of extradition- be
tweea_the United States and Denmark.
This particular treaty. was drafted dur
ing Secretary Gresham's administration
of the State Department, but was not
completed then, owing to the objection
of President Cleveland to any extradition
treaty which did not permit a - country
to deliver up its own citizens under ex :
tradition proceedings. Denmark would
not agree to surrender her. citizens to the
United States and the treaty was allowed,
to remain in abeyance -until recently,
when, finding that the United States had
made several treaties without the ob
jectionable provision. Denmark renewed
the negotiations th'at ended to-day, in the
signing of the treaty. As it will, go to
the Senate for approval the convention
is silent on the surrender of r country's
own citizens. . . . ;
HAY SIGNS EXTBADITION
TEEATY WITH DENMAE3C
Old^Gt^rd at Gity Hall Declines to Vacate 'Until To-Morrow, When Offi
|f^^^§^^|eg^ Will Be InstaUed^Attorrieys Cobb and Squires
:^^|;feei^^ea^hion7 One Frqni Auditor, the Other From Sheriff.
PHELAN DISTRIBUTES LAST FAVORS
BEFORE HE RETIRES FROM MAYORALTY
/Thej opinion, which (says that the / in
aumbent officials hold office for two
years from January 8, 1900, was read, and
Reed "raised the point that it was not'offi-'
clal, as It ; was hot slgened by the City
Attorney,, but by his deputy, George
Lane.- Reed then offered the following
resolution: declaring that the term of the
present board expired at noon of .that
day:
Resolved, That in the opinion of. the Board
•of.SupervIsprB.it is for'the best interests of the
city and -.county : that" the term of office -of -all
city } and "county; officers should expire ;': at ¦ 12
o'clock, noon, 'of. the first Monday after, the first
day, of the year. in which they, art inducted: into
office; that any other custom will lead to lack
"I was informed by the City Attorney's
office' that there was a doubt as to- the
date when, the new officials took their
seats," replied Mayor l Pheian. "The
City ,:', Attorney intimated that ; he
he would give an opinion on the question
if he were jisked for it, so as president
of the board the Mayor did ask for . the
opinion. '.I 1 rule now that it is a cbm
municction to . the .president and it is now
In the hands of. your, honorable body.'.':")
Says Opinion Is Not Official.
"By what authority has the Mayor act
ed upon the' matter?" asked Reed. ".The
Mayor as president of this board cannot
act unless the board has authorized him
to do so. Let us have the record. Who
asked for the opinion?"
"There Is a difference of opinion on that
point," said Ruef, "and for that reason
we make, a formal demand that the in
coming, officials be seated."
"If there is no objection," said,. Mayor
Pheian. "the clerk will note that- all the
Supervisors-elect have made demands for
their seats. Acting on the advice of the
City A ttorneyr I" rule, however, that they
cannot take office until midnight of Janu
ary 7," and| therefore, the demand is re
fused." ¦"
. . Supervisors-elect . Bent,
Alpers, Eggers,". Lynch, McClellan and
Wynii,.who were present, made a'demand
for. the. -offices . to ; .- which -they were
elected. . . •
acting' as .attorney -for
• "V "W... THEN the meeting of the
-¦%.— -^-.- J .¦— Board -of- -Supervisors
. \./\ ./ - was called to. order yes-.
\f terday morning by May
-V ? . or Ph'elan Abe Ruef,
MAYOR. PHELAN. JUST; BEFORE THE CLOSE OF HIS'TERM OF OFFICE, EXEP.CI3ES THE AUTHORITY
-•—VESTED -IN «HM -BY-THE • CHARTER-AND FILLS -THE -VACANCIES EXISTING IN A NUMBER OF THE
.,,-,. ..MOST. IMPORTANT .COMMISSIONS. . V V - < *>^--r^y^^: : ;:^:- : - -.."U'.^rC'-
." ft now being 'the^ hour of J2. o'clock:' noon; of
the first Monday after the first day. of -.January ,•
:1002,' the hour' aiicl day fixed byjlaw for the as-'
; sumption- of office by, the officiajs 'elected' at r tKe;
election* held ¦'NbvembcY' 5,- 1901; in' the* 'dity/a'nd^
county.; of j San ; Francisco," I ; do: now, \ on i behalf
'of; Mr. * Eugene E.'ISchjnit^i'preeent', to "youUhe'
'commission ¦ regularly Issued ; to him • as' the duly"
Comte thereupon; moved, that Ruefs de
mand that .his clients be seated ,'be' re-,
fused, which was carried.' '¦/."¦' /. .' .. ;• .
Mayor-Elect ¦ Makes ' Formal ; Demand. \
Previous to adjournment Attorney Rucf"
made a formal de"m'arid;on Mayor ;Phelati'
for,' his office- on; behalf 'of.;- Mayor-elect'
Schmitz; - Ruef - served the -. following
paper on; Mayor Phclan, stating, that; to
preserve his ; legal rights Schmitziforrnairy'
demanded the 'office -to. which '•' he ; '. was"
elected:. ¦¦..*':-' ;• V ..,--...¦. "r ;."'.¦-.',•-,
Absent— Tobin.
of uniformity. and to contention in this Impor
tant .matter; . t,hftt,,therefore,'.thls..Board_qfJSu
pervlsors declares that its tenure", of office ei-~
pires Monday, January 6, ' 1902, L ;at 12 -.m., /and
that the succeeding board is requested i: to" as
sume its functions at that, time/ -"• '?¦ : - 1 -: .•':'
Heed Champions Supervisors-Elect.
iBraunhart raised .the point .that v the;
resolution could .'onty be considered "under
a suspension of .'the rules, or^else'referrcd"
to .'the. Judiciary, Committee., "/•.""/'• , :
: "Here Is a protest- from' elected" offi
cials;"' said Reed.'- ; "The action/of ;. the
president in refusing the -demand, is .i;tak>
ing it for. granted j that j we Wave
a resolution .that' we - do ; hold office iuntil
Wednesday ,and thus'; prevents -me" frq'm ,
offering an amendment! vlt^has .been .the
custom, to- surrender,- offices; on. the.-flrst
Monday in j January and I ¦ see no - reason
why^ we should hold, for two 'days : more.~
The City. Attorney/ in (his-', opinion J has
subordinated, the ". charter '.to the *¦¦•. State
law, and Itheref ore the" latter should gov
ern,''- ;- : , ,'¦;.'., >*'.*•]':. '-;:!.;'; ";. '. '.'-'\ ¦¦ K ' '
.The Mayor ordered Reed's, .resolution
read ' so that a vote could be taken; upon
it.j Brandenstein ' argued.,.' that 'v, whether;
the opinion 'was • official, ¦'¦ semi : bfHciar/r6r
unofficial, its reasoning commended itself
to the: board. / Reed's resolution*^ was ; lost
by the following vo'te: •»;¦•¦'¦ •., ..»....,;.
Ayes— Booth, Boston, McCarthy, , Reed,' San-,
derson, Wilson i(6);; ', ... ;.•,..'...; -;..-''. t >/. - ;
- Noes— Brandenstein, Braunhart, ¦ Comte,. Con
nor, Curtis. D' Ancona, Dwyer, Fontana. ¦Ho
tkling, Jennings, • Stafford (11).-;' ¦'.' v.- • •"¦• ;
The Mayor also reappointed A. B.
Spieckels Park Commissioner, vice him
self, for the same reason. ."When Mr.
Spreckels went away last, year for his
vacation the Mayor could not, under sec
tion 3, article XVI of the charter, grant
"the leave he applied for, because he had
been absent once before during his term.
He remained away six' months,: and the
Mayor feared that under section 10,
article XVI, his office had 'become
vacant. Section 3 gives. the Mayor power
to grant leave but once during the term
of a Commissioner's office, and then not
for more than sixty days.
cu.. a*±i. iv dii icsigueu a.i me request, 01
the Mayor in. order' to" be reappbihtedr He
was absent from the State last year for
a short time without leave, and the May
or adopted this method to make his ten
ure~of"office"secure.
Incoming Mayor and Supervisors Desire to Take
Up Duties of Office, but Incumbents
- - Refuse- to Give -Way. - ~- _-_._.
RECENTLY ELECTED CITY
OFFICIALS DEMAND SEATS
The Mayor reappointed Rolla V. Watt
Fire Commissioner, vice himself, resign-
Commissioner, vice Walter
S. Martin, resigned. Murdock Is a Re
publican in politics and Sullivan, who is
Phelan's brother-in-law, is a Democrat.
Murdock Is president of a printing con
cern. Sullivan is an attorney at law and
was once elected Congressman. He . was
also a ' State Senator, ' but has not held
public office for many years. - -
MAYOR ' PHELAN | yesterday
appointed Charles A..Mur
dock a Civil Service Com
missioner to succeed J.
Richard Freud, deceased,
and Frank J. Sullivan Park
When questioned on the subject of the
Venezuelan revolutionary steamer Liber
tador (Ban Righ) Andrade said he was
confident the expeditio'n would succeed in
effecting a landing on some eastern point
of the Venei:uelan coast.
Referring to the internal troubles of
Venezuela Gsneral Andrade said he was
satisfied that, the whole country was In
revolt against Castro, whose Government
¦was likely to fall at any time.
General Matos, wno, Andrade said, was
an Immensely rich, honorable man, a per
fect gentleman , much esteemed and well
supported in many quarters, would possi
bly be a candidate for the Presidency
once Castro was overthrown. Andrade
added that he himself was unwilling to
seek re-election.
Matos May Become President.
"It Is not Venezuela but Castro who Is
the enemy of Colombia. The Venezuelans
have absolutely no desire for war with
Colombia. Venezuela and Colombia dur
ing the past seventy years have aiways
regarded each other as sister republics,
bound by tins closest and most friendly
ties, and they are now for the first time
enemies, thanks to Castro's machina
tions." ¦• -:¦"
COLON, Colombia, Jan- 6.-»GeneraI An
drade, the foitner President of Venezuela,
•who arrived here from Curacao yesterday,
eaid to-day In the course of an interview
on board a train bound 'for Panama:
Castro the Country's Enemy.
It is reported here this afternoon that
the Libertador has captured the Vene
zuela gunboat Zumbador. The gunboat
Zumbador of the Venezuelan navy was
originally a tug named Agosto.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Jan.
€.— Shortly before midnight last night the
Venezuelan revolutionary steamer Liber
tador (Ban Fiigh) passed several times
befor- this port, signaling to people
s shore. Answering signals were received
f rom the shore, and General Rlera, the
Venezuelan insurgent leader, and all the
ether insurgents who had assembled
here, embarked on board the Libertador
during the day and night and landed on
Venezuelan soil this morning near Veal
decoro, with arms and ammunition.
G A> Murdock and^J.
Sullivan Giveh Cofn
missionships.
Castro Is OvertBrown
General"3Iatos "Will Probably
Succeed Him as (Hiief. "/('...'
Executive.
Expedition Against Venezuela
Makes a Landing Near
Vealdecoro.
NAMED BY
PHELAN FOR
VACANCIES
Revolutionary Steamer
Ban Righ Takes Fed
eral Gunboat.
FILIBUSTER
CAPTURES A
WAR VESSEL
SCHMITZ DEMANDS POSSESSION OF OFFICE TO WHICH
HE WAS ELECTED AND PHELAN NAMES COMMISSIONERS
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page One.
elected Mavor of the city and county of San
Frsneieco. Under this commission he has duly
qualified, his oath of office and official bond
having- been duly and regularly filed with the
proper officers.
lour term of ornce having expired, I there
fore demand of you on his behalf possession of
the office of Mayor of the city and county of
Ear Francisco.
*[r. Schmitz is present in person and is
realy. able and willing- forthwith to assume
and to discharge all the functions and duties of
his office. »
I:i replying to Ruef Mayor Phelan said
that for the reason given by his legal
ad\iser he would refuse Mr. Schmitz's de
mand. His Honor then adjourned the
meeting: until this afternoon. Reed moved
to make the adjournment sine die, but
wa s frowned down by the Mayor, who :
was supported by the board in his ruling.
Other Officials Make Demands.
Only a limited number of San Fran
cis:» f s city officials rested easily on their
thrones yesterday. It was expected that
the newly elected officials would take !
office, but City and County Attorney Lane
decreed otherwise. In consequence there
was more cr less friction. The officials
who were to succeed the incumbents
made demands for" their offices in order
to protect their legal rights, but none of I
tntm stepped into- the places to which i
they were elected.
When business opened In the Treasur
er's office in the morning- John E. Mc-
Dougald. the Trea«urer-elect, accom
panied by Attorneys Riordan and Devoto, i
made a formal demand for the transfer of !
the moneys to his custody. Treasurer 1
Brooke refused. At noontime the same '
demand, was made, with a like result.
To-morrow morning: the city treasury will
be closed in order that the formal trans
fer may be made as soon as the cash is
counted.
At the Tax Collector's office Edward J.
Smith, accompanied by James Simpson,
Ms chief deputy, and Daniel E. Besecker,
his cashier, called upon J. Harry Scott
an i talked over the situation. They de
cided that as the formal demand had been
made matters might be allowed to rest
until to-morrow at 8:30 o'clock, at which
time the clerks in the office have been
requested to be on hand and learn their
fate.
Harry Baehr, the Auditor-elect, also
called upon Auditor "Wells and they hart a
nice pleasant talk. Baehr said he thought
it was the proper day for him to begin
writing his signature on city warrants,
but "Wells thought differently. So the
xm.tter was compromised by Baehr agree
ing: to wait until the rest went into office.
County Clerk A. B. Mahohy. called
upon County Clerk Deane and talked
nu-tters over. Deane suggested that Ma
hony might put a man into the office to
countersign papers that were tiled, but
aft/er some discussion it was decided ' to
abide by the decision of the City and
County Attorney.
l*he only officers who were not dis
turbed by the decision of the City and
County Attorney were the Sheriff, Re
corder, City and County Attorney and the
Supervisors who were re-elected.
KEW CITY OFFICIALS DEMAND SEAiS
At the time of his death Smith was
proprietor of a livery stable in Pearce.
He was not known to have had an ene
my in the country.
Coyote Smith lived for many years on
a ranch in the Chiricahua Mountains and
wa:$ a stage driver in early days, when
Apache raids were frequent. He had
seen exciting encounters with Apaches
and was known among the settlers in
the mountains as a fearless fighter. .He
tra:i a pioneer cf Arizona and man/
stories of his daring are told by men who
know him.
TUCSON, Ariz., Jan. 6.— Coyote Smith,
a well known character- in Southern Ari
zona, was found dead in his bed in
Pesrce, a mining camp in Cochise Coun
ty, yesterday. It has since been found
that he was murdered. . Citizens have
offered a reward cf $1000 for the convic
tion of the murderer, but there Is no
clew. Smith was found lying on his
back, his hat upon his face and a six
shooter in his band, which lay across his
bo£y. It was believed at first that he
had committed suicide, but upon examin
ation of the bullet wound in his head
there were no powder .burns, and an in
dentation of the skull showed that Smith
haci been hit by a hammer, probably
after the snot was fired.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Foe of Apaches the
Victim of a Cowardly
Crime.
Master of Frencli Vessel Declares He Did Not Sail Away to Avoid Consequences;
Mariners Assert Collision i Saved Bark From Goihs: Ashore*
Coyote Smith Is Mur
dered at His Home
in Pearce.
CAPTAIN OF MAX SAYS HE HOVERED NEAR
SCENE OF THE WRECK, PREPARED TO GIVE AID
ASSASSIN SLAYS
NOTED ARIZONAN
' Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No' Cure, No "Pay. All" druggists are authorized
by manufacturers, of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where It f alia 40 cure any case of piles,
. no matter or' how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases. in six days; worst cases in fourteen days
One- application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching instantly. . .This Is a new discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy Eold on positive guar
antee.-no cure no pay. A free sample wlll.be
sent "by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, GOc. If your druggist don't keep
if in stock, send 60c in stamps and we will for
ward full ' size' box' by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., ; St. . Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the - celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.-, • • ¦•¦_.
,•' The captain of the Mai says we were wholly
to blame,-- does .he.? .•¦ Now, maybe there is an-
Piles Qured Without the Knife.
' ; Captain "Andy" Hall of the Walla Walla
was around the front yesterday. '. He ¦ can
just manage to get about,* and every once
¦in', a while has to; take. a rest, as his back
is . still sore'". 1 Captain : Hall said :
Have Put His Vessel About.
Says Frenchman's Master Should
CAPTAIN - TTATJ, BLAMES MAX.
Captain Benoist of the French Bark
Max States He Did Not Bun .;
Away After Collision. .¦¦"'
Captain Robert Benoist of .the.^French
bark Max is wroth at the charges of cow
ardice made against him and his crew. He.
denies that he sailed away from the •Walla
Walla and left her passengers to a watery
grave. Benoist is a man of his-:cpnvic
tions, and when he forcibly stated yester
day that the steamship people were J to
blame for the -..lamentable collision he
meant it., He has made his statement to
the French Consul. He .has left in that
gentleman's care his logbook, which de-'
tails the story of the collision. ¦ ¦•
Captain Benoist was up early yesterday
morning 1 . He left his vessel In charge of.
- First Mate Ignace and came ashore. . He-.
visited the agents* of :; his ' ship, various
brokers and then called upon < the : French
Consul. "He was closeted'with that official
for more than an hour and told him his
; story. - -• ¦;. • ¦
! The captain is a man of few words. He
says he will make his statement to the
proper authorities and at the proper time.
In an interview yesterday. he said: >]
"We were on our right course. My men'
tell me they could see the lights of the
DENIES COWARDICE.
SEATTLE, : Jan. . 6.— The - steamer Dis
patch, which rescued at sea more than
seventy of the passengers and crew of
the ill-fated' Walla Walla, arrived here
this afternoon. On board were two sur
vivors of the disaster, seamen named
Johnson and Odland. ' The -latter la a
brother, of Captain Odland of the steamer
Lakme. On arriving both hastily left the
vessel and : avoided being Interviewed
They had requested Captain Johnson and
other officers of the Dispatch not to men
tion that they had -been on board. When
found to-night both positively refused to
Mysteriously at Seattle.
Men Saved From Walla Walla Act
The steamer remained above water, 1 think
about half an hour, but the fog was so denso
we were out of sight of her when she sank
Captain Hall was the last to leave the steamer
She carried him down, but by means of his life
preserver he managed to reach a raft and was
afterward rescued, it was a rough sea at the
time and many of the small boats. I have no
doubt, could not keep abreast of it. We were
fortunate In not seeing any drowning person*.
2TOT OK THE PASSENQEB . LIST.
I was in the steerage with at least forty
others when the shock came about i o'clock In
the morning. We did not need to have any one
tell us that something terrible had happened
The cries and screams of the women and chil
dren were sounds I never can forget, so dread
ful were they to me. The first .boats lowered
were mostly filled with women and children,
but I obtained a place in one of the first to
carry men. All had on Ufa preservers and
there were some provisions and water In my
boat. Some of the boats that were cast adrift
did not have th« good fortune to -bare the
provisions and water.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 6..-One of the sur
vivors of the ill-fated steamer Walla
Walla is In Santa Rosa. His name Is Fred
Cook, and his story is that of terrible ex
periences and suffering. He was In an
open boat on the rough sea for eleven
hours, and was finally, picked up by the
steamer Dispatch and taken to Eureka
arriving in this city from that place Sun
day afternoon. He says:
After the Collision.
Fred. Cook Tells of Bis Experience
/SANTA R0SA2T IN WRECK
— • ''The' - accident '*.. happened '. about % ' 3:50
o'clock., I. was just; about to call the
watch, -i Our -course was east; by 1 sbuth.
The 1- steamer ; was a- northwest
course. We 'could see -her lights miles
away. Our vessel was lighted, andifthe
people on board the Walla Walla, hadbeen
• Thef e seemed to be'a unanimity 1 of opin
ion on board the Max. The crew " assert
that they were not to blame. for the col
lision. They allege that: they could "see
the steamer's lights fully fifteen minutes
before she: struck: the Walla Walla. They
charge • the * lookout - of ; the Walla ' Walla
¦with gross carelessness. ......
Emlle ' Ignace, ; first mate -of the Max,'
who was in : charge of ¦¦ the. .' vessel when
the collision occurred," made the following
statement: ."•"'.';•; > : •¦¦":. . -••-..,'.•
The members of her crew were tired and
exhausted, . and many of them sought a
much needed rest. For the past four days
they ; have worked Incessantly '• to ¦ bring
the vessel. to port. ; As was stated in The
Call, yesterday, she was picked up off
Point Arena and towed into the bay,, and
remained in quarantine all night. ¦ ¦ ¦
The bowsprit hangs over the side of the
vessel In a shattered condition. The fig
urehead is • also badly; battered, and the
plates in the sides give evidence of the
tremendous force with which she "struck
the steamer..' But' for her ¦ collision bulk
heads she would have gone down. Huge
pieces of . the steamship ; are intermingled
•with,: the wreck of the forward part of the
French bark. ¦ " . *
; The angriest man on board the bark is
Charles .. Le Chevalier, i. second officer of
the' Max. A. morning- paper- stated that
he had drawn a 1 picture of the wreck,
which was:used as a diagram. 1 Chevalier
denies that he ever made such a drawing
or had 1 been interviewed by a newspaper
man. ,:. '. :•¦. .':-¦ " . -TV ¦• •¦ ¦¦¦-..¦¦¦
At an early hour yesterday, morning the
French bark, Max, the vessel that collided
with the ill-fated Walla Walla, .was towed
off the Risdon Iron Works and- within' a
day or two will be taken to the" wharf for
repairs. The' vessel Is .practically ; hew,
having • been -built ' fifteen months I ago in
France. -.. This was her second trip to . San
Francisco. She was in ballast and was on
her way- to -this port when the accident
occurred.' ;Y : "'" '
Trying Experience Before
Beaching Port.
Men on the French Bark Max Have a
CREW IS EXHAUSTED.
attending strictly to their business we
would not have struck them.
ii . Our hlp was DUt about after the col
lision. Lights were lit and we did not
run away. All hands were on deck, and
we had our hands full looking after our
own ship. When we found we were in no
danger of sinking we looked for the
steamer, but she had disappeared. We
stayed In the vicinity for many hours."
Other members of the crew corroborate
the first mate.
Late in the afternoon the French Con
sul, in company with directors of the Ris
don Iron Works, visited the ship and ex
amined the extent of the damage to. the
IVlciX.
The reports of Captain Hall of the Wal
la Walla and Captain Benoist of.the.Max
will be filed - to-day with the Inspectors
of Hulls and Boilers. A day will then be
set for the investigation. : -
NO more of the missing from the
ill-fated steamer— Walla- -Walla
have been reported safe. The
death list still bears their names
and relatives mourn their loss.
The captain of the French bark Max de
clares he did not forsake the passengers
of the Eteamship: He stated yesterday
that the "Walla Walla was going at such
great speed'thatvwhfin. the .vessels struck
she continued on her crfurse and; 'was
quickly out of sight. ,-He .says ¦ further
that/ awakened from sleep,'-he rushed on
deck and after finding out -the extent of
the damage to his ship, had the vessel
put about and stayed in the vicinity un
til noon the next day. He even -.says he
ordered rockets sent into the air and haa
lanterns hoisted in the rigging. _' "
Mariners claim that the Walla Walla
went down a sacrifice to the safety . of
the Max. They declare that Captain
Benoist was off his course and that had
he continued without meeting with an ob
stacle the bark would have gone ashore.
Yesterday morning Captain Hall and
his fellow-offlcers on the lost steamship
were closeted with Edwin Goodall and
other officials of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company in theprivate office of the
general manager. Three, stenographers
were kept busy taking the statements of
the various witnesses. .....¦'• ,
"There are twenty-one men In my crew.
We lost one man rounding the Horn. ' He
died of consumption and was burled at
sea. ' We were on our way ' to San Kran
clsco. when we collided with the Walla
Walla." . * ; ? ... ...~. .-...
• "Our course was east-northeast, and we
were "sailing at the rate of two miles an
hour. We had ¦- our 'lights lit, and ; : they
should : have- been and could be seen by
passing vessels.
steamer three miles distant. I had retired
.and the ship was in command of Emillo
Ignace, my first mate. When the shock
came I was awakened -and immediately
rushed on deck. Everything was In chaos
and I took command.. -The ship was put
about and we rushed- forward to see the
extent of our damage. We found our
bowsprit gone and the side of the ship
stove in. Our collision bulkhead saved us
from sinking.
. "The stories that have been published
.that we ran away from the Walla Walla
are untrue. " Immediately after the colli
sion I had the ship put about. Rockets
were., sent aloft and. the fog horn was
;.blown- for more. than an hour. Even the
bells were'rung: I had lights placed fore
and aft^in the rigging and we cruised in
the' vicinity until the next day.
"'When we struck the steamer she must
have been- going at fifteen miles an hour,
because she went right past us and was
out of sight in quick time. -¦ :
"Had' the, lookout on the Walla Walla
not v been asleep at hi3' post, or had the
members -of the crew been - more watchful,
the accident would . not . have happened.
My men have assured me. they could aes
the lights of the steamer fully three miles
away. ¦ ¦' - •- ¦ -. ¦ -¦ ; ¦.¦¦¦'
• After the wreck j the Max would have" gone
ashore ' somewhere, above Trinidad had It not
been for . the Acme . and ¦ McCulloch. :¦ . With ¦ all
her .headgear: gone she. was-- like a duck- with
The Max was clear oft her course and • noth
ing ¦ could •. have saved 'her . from going ¦ ashore
had ¦ she i continued on ; It. As it was she ran
lrto the .Walla 'Walla - and > that brought * her
up. m It was -a most . unfortunate ' affair and I
think - It would "> have been better " had the
Frenchman "gone" ashore. " '-¦¦
.' I. wonder, where that. fellow thought he was
going : to ?;. ¦¦ It was lucky for him . that a he
struck the- Walla Walla or. else he would have
piled- up j,_on- the -.beach near the entrance to
Humbold V Bay. - , . ¦ : . , ,.,:¦.¦ ,
-: Captain Swan, late of the bark Theobald
and, other coasters and . who was- on his
way to Puget Sound to take command of
a ~, vessel, .was among the f rescued. - He
said: ¦'•-¦-, .:•¦•'; ; . .: •. , ¦ ¦¦¦¦.¦ .¦¦••¦-... ¦•'¦¦.¦
. Had the Frenchman put up his helm there
.would have • been . no disaster. He says he
6aw our lights, .but we did not eee his. He
came like a gray . ghost out of the sleet and
struck us before the man on the bridge could
give a slow bell. . If, as he says, he saw our
lights, whyin : the name of all that's glorious
didn't he 'bout' ship? Why, ' he' could ¦ have
thrown her-abackin two minutes,, while we
couldn't stop our way short of ten minutes.
McD. Llngum, a quartermaster on the
Walla Walla, was also given up as lost.
He was among the last to leave, the ship,
and yesterday appeared on the front to
let his ' friends ' know that he was alive.
His story of the disaster does not differ,
from that of • the passengers and other
members of- the crew. He said:
other side to that question. A sailing ship
has the right of way according to the rules
of .the road, granted; but when a sailing ship
sees .that a collision is inevitable the rule. of
the road says he must up helm and .'bout ship.
"Now the Max could easily have got out of
our way, but It is ' another thing to stop a
steamer going thirteen ' knots. Mind you, I
was not on the bridge until after the collision.
• but had' the. crew of the Frenchman been
awake they could 'easily have wore ship and
averted the disaster.: The story that my officer
in charge of the • bridge was asleep Is a de
liberate falsehood., The ! Max may have had
her lights out, but during the rain squall
that came up after the collision- 1 failed to
see them. That agraln. may. have been due to
the fact that I was too busy attending. to my
passengers and crew Instead of watching the
other fellow. I , did ask him to stand by,
however, and he' never paid the slightest at
tentlon to my hail:
- Captain H. ; P. "Weaver of the! steamship
Roanoke came all the way from. ; the
Springs to assure his friends that he was
not a victim of the Walla Walla' disaster.
His name appeared among the list" of se
riously injured, but it was another Weav
er, and the gallant master will ¦ make- an
other trip to • Nome', next, spring. - Yester
day he . was being congratulated i on all
sides. • ¦ -.-.. v .-?.'¦¦•*¦' ¦.'• ¦•• t-. .-...,• ¦¦ .--.¦. , •.
-The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
has already ".made arrangements to .put
the steamship Queen on the -Walla wal
la s run. Ihe Queen will leave here on the
16th lnst., and nearly all of the hands who
were saved from the wreck will go out on
her..'- • ¦-¦¦• • • : • • . < '¦
a broken, wingr and could make no headway.
A ' Yankee -would ' have made some" 'shift and
got some kind of a Jib up, but the tug; got
the Max and. saved her In time. • . • ¦
COTlMANDER OF THE FRENCH BARK flAX AND VIEWS OF DAflAQE WROUGHT BY THE OCEAN COLLISION.
-¦WASHINGTON, Jan., 6.— Senator Lodg*.
chairman of the Committee on the Philip
pines... to-morrow will Introduce a bill for
a .temporary government of the Philip
pines, drafted -after many consultations
{•with the "War Department, which la dl
' recfly Interested In Insular, affairs and the
. government of tKe Philippines. The bill
(will not<be a part of the Philippine reve
nue bill, which has passed the House, but
will be an 'independent measure. The bill
does not attempt to ..establish a new form
! of government in' the Philippines* but con
| firms, thfc action of President McKtnley in
creating a commission and" ratines the
acts of '.that commission under the in
' structlons of 'the President, • dated April
7. 1S00. It also gives the President author
• ity while there is frrmed resistance In any
part of the islands to the United States
to regulate and control interlsland com
merce. Section four, following the Portu
Rican act, I gives the .government of the
; Philippines power to Improve the harbors
: and other instruments of commerce, ana
section five, also following the Porto
: Rican act, turns over to the government
; of the Philippines all lands devoted now
' to public use. bridges, highways, etc.
Under section six the government of the
I Philippines is empowered to make rules
* and regulations for the disposition of pub
> lie lands other than timber and mineral
i lands, such regulations to have the force
and effect of law only after they have
i been approved by the President and Con
gress. Then follows a series of, provisions
to enable the commission to perfect the
. titles of persons now occupying public
, lands, and to lease and sell lands to such
persons or. give them to occupants with
out compensation.. This Is to provide for
{the small native landholders who are oc-
I cupying" and for a long time have occupied
I public lands, but who: have no titles to
| protect them In their holdings,
! Next come provisions in regard to th©
_L.tlmber. lands,_ which are not to be sold or
: leased by the commission, who have pow
er only to issue licenses to cut timber un-
I der the: forestry regulations now in force
Tin the islands. The provisions in regard
to. the timber lands are followed by a
number of sections as to mineral lands.
These are very elaborate and embody the
mineral laws embraced within the report
I of -the "commission and whfch have been
i prepared by them with great care, so that
I they shall be in harmony: with the exist
| ing Spanish laws. The mineral land sec
i tions cover also coal lands and saline
| lands.: '.•¦"¦ * ¦
One of the most important . provisions in
! the bill is that empowering the Philippine
I] Commission to purchase" the lands of the
religious orders and; dispose of them on
proper terms to the actual occupants. An
appeal Jrom the -Supreme Court of the
; Islands to the Supreme 'Court of the
States is provided Jn certain cases.
T Municipalities and the city of Manila are
,, authorized to borrow money and to issue
bonds for-money for improvements. Thero
are two, sections which provide for the
granting of franchises, so that individuals
or' corporations can go into the island3
and construct electric and steam railroads
and engage in industries and manufac
tures. The granting of franchises is safe
guarded by provisions based on the cor
poration laws of Massachusetts.
Provisions are embodied for establishing
a coinage system 6n the lines of Special
Agent Conanfs report. The final sections
of the bill make provision for a banking?
system, and authorize banks of the
United States to be established in the
Philippines. ¦. ,
discuss the wreck, beyond admitting that
they had been passengers on the Walla
vvalla, had been picked up by the Dis
patch while floating on a-life raft and
had shipped as seamen on the latter ves
sel through their anxiety to reach Seattle.
Captain Johnson talks modestly of the
part he took In the rescue work. He says
Captain Hall of the Walla Walla was
almost unconscious when picked up.
When Captain Hall recovered his first
request was that Johnson continue h's
search for the missing-.
"Captain, there are more of them out
there," he exclaimed. "For God's sak<»
go out and find them."
Later Captain Hall demanded to know
if one of his boatswains had been picked
up.
"If he's on board this boat." said Cap
tain Hall, "I'm going to kill him. H*
Bhall not live after what he has done."
The captain then related to .Johnson
that he had ordered the * boatswain to
command one of the lifeboats, and that
the boatswain, with a few of the crew,
had deliberately pulled away from tha
Walla Walla and made no attempt to
rescue any of the helpless passengers.
Captain Johnson expresses the greatest
admiration- for the, conduct of Captain
Hall, and condemns In vigorous terms the
action of some of the members of the
Walla Walla's crew. In the boats and
rafts which the Dispatch picked up.
Johnson says, the seamen ¦ and firemen
had been showing: not the least consid
eration for the passengers, thinking only
of themselves.
He cites one case of an old woman who
was taken from a boat, along with a
flunky from the Walla Walla. The flunky
persisted In telling the woman that he
had saved her life and finally extorted
from her the little purse which she car
ried, containing about $6.
Measure Ratifies the Acts of
Commission and Embodies
; J Its Recommendations.
Islands.
Provides, for- Temporary
H Government of the
LODGE HAS BILL
FOR PHILIPPINES
THE SAN • FRA-NCISCQ CALL, TpESDAY,; JANUARY 7,: 1902.
2
WHERE DOCTORS FAIL
To Cure Woman's His, Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound Succeeds. Mrs. Pauline
Judson Writes :
" Dead Mbs. Pixkhjju: : — Soon after
my marriage two years . ag-o I found
xmrself in constant pain.* The doctor
said my Tvomb was turned, and this
ca*3sed the pain with considerable in-
flammation. He prescribed for me for
ADVEBTISEMEJTTS.
A TVPirR.T m R nrt K N '|'ff
.secretary of §chermerhora Golf Club,
Brooklyn, New York.
fotx months, when my husband became
impatient because I grew worse instead
of "tetter, and in speaking to the drup>
prist he advised him to get Lydia E.
I*inkhani*s Vearetable Compound
and Sanative Wash. How I wish I
had taken that at first; it would have
saved me weeks of suffering-. It took
three long months to restore me, but
it is a happy relief, and wo are both
most grateful to you. Your Compound
haa brought joy to our home and
heiJthtomc"— Mrs. Paumxe Judson,
47 Hoyt Street, Brooklyn, N. Y
tSOOO forfeit If abooe testimonial fa not genuine.
It wonld seem by this state-
ment that women would save
tine and much sickness if they
would gret JLydia E. Pinkharii's
Vegetable Compound at once,
and also write to Mrs. Pinkhain
at Lynn! Mass., for special ad-
vicse. It is free and always helps.
Sickness steals more savings than the
burglar.- Slowly, coin by coin, the
money that has been so hardly earned
is paid out for drags and doctors.
Sickness is the worst enemy of the work-
ing man, and the common cause of the
working man's sickness is disease of the
stomach often involving the heart, lungs,
liver, or kidneys.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery will stop the stealing of
the sayings by sickness. It cures dis-
eases of the stomach and other organs of
digestion and nutrition. It cures dis-
eases of heart, liver, lungs, kidneys, etc.,
when these diseases are caused by. the
diseased condition of the stomach and
its allied organs.
"About ten years ago I began to have trouble
with my stomach," writes win. Connolly, of 535
Walnut Street. Loraiu, Ohio, « It rot so badl
had to lay off quite often two and three days in
a week, my stomach would bloat, and I Would
belch up gas. and was in awful distress at such
times. I nave employed and been treated by
the best doctors in the city but got no help
whatever. By tome way or other I happened to
get hold of a vial of your ' Pellets.' and I thought
they helped me. It was then I wrote to youTor
advice. You told me that by my symptoms you
thought I had liver complaiut. and advised, the
use of your • Golden Medical Discovery " *»d
'Pleasant Pellets' in connection. These medi-
cines I have taken as directed, and am very
happy to state that I commenced to get better
from the start and have not lost a day this
summer on account of my stomach. I feel tip-
top, and better than I have for ten years."
Accept no substitute for " Golden Med-
ical Discovery .*> Nothing else is n just
as good." •
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulata
the bowels.
> ;¦; TovCure a Coldiin One Day !4'-.';f{ ¦ ;
•Talre ¦? Laxative — BroMo-Quinirie ' '. Tablets: "All
druggists refund the money if it faUs to cure.
S. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c. '•
MBS. PAULIKE JTDSON.ThursdayrrThis Thursday,
; At 9 a. m. the l great shoe , sale .will begin."
There, will. 6e on sale 5000: pairs *bf men's
.'a ".d;. Women's shoes ..worth- ?2 50;for,$l.
This" is a* brand ; ; new > stock ;•: well --made,
stylish,. all sizes; good wearing. s- The ar
rangements : made by .-.this; company with
Eastern \ shoe houses ; places It in" a -posi
tion to sell at these marvelous prices, -'• so
.be on i hand, f or f your spick of $2 50 shoes
ftir $1- at; the manufacturer's 'sale of shoes
of .the Bee. Hive Shoe • Co;,' on
71i l ,Market st.;' nearTfclrd.- > ': •
performed at the private iron works in
the 7 country, which is declared to be
iaulty; Congress will be further asked to
pass stfch laws as will result in the en
forcement of the eight-hour law; the
abolition of the strike clause in all Gov
ernment contracts and the future control
and repairing of all Government vessels
at Government plants under the direc
tion of the Navy Department.
The first day of the convention was
spent in organization, and to-morrow
morning the representatives of the labor
unions will be ready to proceed with their
labors.
Vallejo Welcomes Visitors.
The convention opened this morning
with an attendance of more than two
hundred -delegates. The majority arrived
here on the steamer Montlcello, which
made a special trip from San Francisco.
The visitors were given a warm reception
by the residents of Vallejo, and rr.any
of the stores displayed flags and bunt
ing and union mottoes.
The convention was called to order In
Samoset Hall, which was tastefully dec
orated with American flags. President
C. D. Rodgers of the State Federation of
Labor •¦ was giren an - ovation. He was
very brief In his opening remarks,' and
was followed by W. T. Kelley, president
of the Board of Trustees of the city of
Vallejo, who, in the name of the resi
dents of this city, gave welcome and
greeting to the ¦ representatives of the
labor organizations. v
The first important business - of the
session was the appointment of a commit
tee on credentials. The motion that the
committee be appointed aroused a slight
discussion when . the delegates of the
Iron Trades Council demanded that they
have one representative on the commit
tee. The demand was not supported and
President Rodgers was authorized to se
lect the committee.. He named the ' fol
lowing members of the Labor Council to
serve: E. H. Lloyd, Loa Angeles;iMi
chael Casey. San Francisco; Lewis Mont
gomery, Santa Clara County; M. L.
Gregg, Kern County; L-. B. Leavitt, Va
llejo; H. M. Alexander, Stockton; H.^N.
Cook, Fresno County; G. K. Smith, Ala
dema County, and H. Preston of'Sacra
mento. --. -'.'r-' .
The convention then adjourned to 1
o'clock In the afternoon. . „, .
Reports Against Seating Case.
"When the convention ' resumed , its ses
eion i the report of the committee on cre^
dentials was called for. A —delegate
moved that all present • who •¦ were not
delegates be excluded from the - conven
tion, but the . president said that the
American -^Federation of- I^abor always
admitted to its. meetings all who desired
to be present. Some discussion took place
as to whether non-union men should be
allowed inthe hall. A motion that the
cession be an open one was carried unan
miously. " .- . / .. ;.-¦-.,
The report, of the committee* on creden
tials was read by Guy Lathrop, secretary
of the federation. It recommended ' that
Delegate .Case of the Shipwrights' •, and
Caikers 1 Union No. 9162 be not > allowed
£, seaj in the convention. ¦ . • '"_¦¦-;
The charter ofthia union is under sus
pension, by the American Federation of
Labor on a charge that the. union low
ered the national scale ' of wages. Dele
gate Case made a strong objection to the
recommendation of the committee on cre
dentials . and /: demanded ' ¦¦', that' 1 he '•; - Be
seated. He said . that his union; -was
obliged to call off the recent strike, as
Jt was threatened with disruption.
. _"We have, worked for two months at
the Union and Risdon Iron -Works,", said
Case, ."and have interfered with no one.
I- say .that personal prejudice is behind
The convention will take up the question of
the enforcement of - the eight hour law on all
Governmenf work. It is known far and wide
that work on Government ehipe at -the Union
Iron Works is being done in violation of the
eight hour law. .
It ia likely that the convention will pass a
decided to esk Congress to renew the Chinese
exclusion laws and we shall do the same.
Kid Broad* Gets the * Decision.
PHILADELEHIA, > Jan. 6.— Kid Broad
of Cleveland had a shade the better of a
slow six-round bout with Tim Callahan
PRESIDENT OF THE STATE FEDERATION OFLABOR AND OTHER
UNION LEADERS WHO ARE IN. ATTENDANCE AT THE CONVEN
TION NOW BEING HELD IN VALLEJO. '
. Fifth race— One mile and 100 yards; selling;
four-year-olds and upward." ;i. ¦
30S8 Tami Chief... 104 (3076)Alicla .......110
(3087) Gd.- Sachem... 109 3084 Invlctus -;:... 104
- 3015 Tony LepplnglO7 3083 Nilyar .......100
,3081 Col. Ball 1 tyne.107 3087 Kins DelIIs..ll2
3083 ; Lbst Girl... .".107 3087 Flamero :'...:109
2001 Nellie Farest.102 (3089) Plead ........105
Sixth race— One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward. " ' ' - . -
(3062) Wyoming 1111 3074 Varro ... 94
i 3089 Kitty Kelly.. 95 3074 Rio Shannon. 112
8087 Pat Morrisy.. 91 3081 Castake . ST
(3088) Floronso .....100 2822 Picador ...V..1U
. 3081 Aloha II..... 103 3028 Horton ......112
3093 Sweet Tooth.. 105 (3068)Rollick ......106
This Country.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Tod Sloan, the
great lightweight jockey, will be seen in
the saddle again . this yt>\T. This state*
ment Is made as a positive certainty, not
withstanding that Sloan now stands prac
tically ruled off the turf in England.
Sloan will don the Flelschmann colors
this season and will . ride the horses of
Cincinnati's Mayor. He will make appli
cation to the English Jockey Club and
be granted a license on the condition that
Sloan will not accept any mounts in Eng
land. The jockey club in this country
will also license the rider. The Flelsch
manns have gone to the front for Sloan
and it is through their influence with the
stewards of the English Jockey Club that
the license is to be granted.
TOD SLOAM" WILL EON
THE FLEISCHJIANN COLOES
Mayor of Cincinnati Is to Secure a
License for Him to Bide in
Bacine Results at New Orleans.
¦NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6.: — Crescent City
summary: . -'v?v r .^ ,•
First race, one mile, selling— Nyx won, Ida
Penzance second. El' Ghor third. Time, 1:42.
'Second race, six furlongs— Lingo won. Orla
second. Siphon third. -Time. 1:14.
Third race, "one mile — Garter Ban won.
Hutch Miller second, Henry of Franatamar
third: Time. 1:42. ¦ :r
Fourth, race, six furlongs, handicap — Nellie
"Waddell won. Semicolon second, St. Cuthbert
third. Time. 1:13.
Fifth race, one "mile and thlrteen-slxteenths.
selling — Governor Boyd I won. Campus second.
Major Manslr third. Time, 3:03.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards — Circus
won. King Tatlus second. The Way third.
Time, 1:45. ' -:- - •."¦¦¦¦¦
VAL.LEJO. Jan. 6.— The convention
cf iJie State Federation of Labor. \
which opened here this morning; j
promises to be prolific In devel-.j
opments of importance to the
wcrkingmen of California. Although
many assertions have been made that the
convention would make a radical change
in Its constitution and launch forth bold
ly as a political gathering, these state
ments are vigorously denied by the offi
cers of th'i federation. President Rod
gers, in discussing the work to be done,
said:
We are gathered here for the express purpose
cf harmonizing: the labor unions and to bring
all of them into closer relations.
It Is on!y .le a unit that the unions can suc
ceed in Euch steps as w* feel are necessary to
the welfare of unionism. At far as I am con
cerned there will be no politic* In the con
vection. The constitutions of the American and
State Federations of Labor distinctly prohibit
the discussion of partisan politics In any con
vention. They allow th« " Indorsement or dis
approval of tjiy act or acts of a political party
or legislator:!, but we cannot take any such
steps as would place us In the category of po
etical parties. I shaU strictly interpret the
constitution .-ind will not allow partisan politics
to be dlscus8<$d unless the convention decides by
vote to <Jo to, which is most unlikely.
There has been no particular programme out
lined for this convention, but most important
matters are to be brought up. Perhaps the
subject of gi«ateet moment Is that of the ex
clusion of Chinese from the United States.
The Amer.can Federation of Labor recently
Probable Winners.
: First race—Royal - Rogue, Mlntaka, Knock
ings. . ¦ ' '¦ • '- .•
Second P race—^-Harry ' Thatcher, Marineuse,
Onyx. — *¦--*¦"..'•.'-"-: ¦-"—.-"•¦-;>"
.Third race--Conjmis8ioner Foster, Halnault,
St.' .Sever." ..¦.;'.*.! ..."
'- Fourth-race— Tower of .'.Candles, Josie G,
Sister Jeani«. '. • : . • .>; -
- Fifth race-H-Plead, Alicia, Grand Sachem.
Sixth race— Rollick, Varro. Kitty Kelly.
&ic h CT a ub. 1Phla t °" nl8rht at the Penn AtJ >-
Jo^f u i, betw een Eddy Connolly of St.
at th^ Wn?i;',^ d J 5 e G ? nsot Baltlmo?^.
ta g o ?h5 p sa n » r sffiv !i a t e
refereo. The Canadian was clearly out of
nd a%e a fl n , d ht G w2nt Wa3 «
Special Dispatch to The Call!
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 6.— Two high
salaried managers of , railway;;cohstruc-
tion on the .rival lines being " built be
tween Republic, Wash.; and Grand Forks,
b/'C, had an exciting racelast Saturday
which decided the ownership of thousands
of j dollars' worth of .property, jj One. road,
is neing built " for the Sjanadian Pacific
Railway, and of this Tracy ,W. Holland,
-an American, is manager. Theother, the
Great Northern branch, is in charge of
¦Robert- Williams: , Each .line-is trying to
complete its j| work before \ the , other, .to
gain contracts for - hauling Republic ore
to the Grand Forks smelter.
-Holland and Williams have been nego
tiating for a month with the owners of
the mining claims , f or permits allowing
their respective lines to run through. this
property. The " mine-owners were afraid
of oifending either .company, so they de
; termmed to give ea.cn 1 deea of the right
j of way at the same time and tne ran way
manager wno registered his nrst In Re
public, eighty mnes_ away, could have tne
ianu. . ~\. ¦'-¦' - ': .¦' ' '¦¦¦':¦ *7>V ¦ ' ¦"¦ ¦ ¦¦¦."
i>oih -arranged- for special
f horses along tne route, out the: road was
1 sieep and muday ana the trip very diffi
cult.- 'lne aeeutj were handed- over ¦- at
Grand l ( orks at 4:30 o'clock in the after
noon, and both Holland and Williams
traveled all night, v
"Holland arrived four hours ahead. The
Great Northern man's horses were mired
several miles from his goal and his deed,,
therefore, became worthless..:
the objection to our union being "repre
sented nere.- We have not lowered wages
as charged; on the .contrary, .we*- have
raised wages. It is not ( manly or just
I for tne committee to throw'out our cre
1 dentlals without a nearing." - -•.'- \ -
Delegates Pass the Lie.
Delegate L.- H.- Westerly of the ",¦ City.
Front Federation said that Delegate Case
had misstated facts. * . . ¦ . \ .. :.
"It: is not true,", said Westerby, "that
wages have been raised In the union rep
resented by Case. They", lowered wages
and 1 can prove it.'" -
A heated debate . between "Westerby and
Case followed, -the lie being passed to
and -fro by. the two men.; ¦ ¦ .
George Auberdine of the. Barbers' Union
of San Francisco moved that- a' regular
committee of five be appointed to inves
tigate the charges against' ¦- the Ship
wrights' and Caikers' Union. . The con
vention was in a tumult for a few mo
ments. - Some delegates denounced the
men . of the Shipwrights' and ¦ Caikers'
Union as a lot of "scabs" and declared
that Delegate Case should be thrown out
of the hall. Many delegates advised calm
action and that a spirit of brotherhood
should be shown. < They deprecated hasty
action.' A flood of motions,, amendments,
amendments. to the amendments and sub
stitutes poured in upon the president.
After a number or votes had been taken
the question simmered down to the adop
tion . of the motion* that a special com
mittee be appointed to investigate^ the
charges against the Shipwrights' and
Caikers' Union. -The -motion prevailed.
President Rodgers ¦ appointed the fol
lowing to serve on the committee, which
was instructed to. proceed to work imme
diately :.vT.. A. Venable of San Jose, Har
ay Rogers cf -Sacramento, L. M. Schmlt
?fri,» f 'OaWand.rJ; H. Hlllman of Fresno,
William: Shade of -Los Angeles.
; ;'' Names the Committees. -''¦ ¦' '*':
- President Rodgers . then announced the
following committees: " . • ¦- ¦ . ¦ :
Rules and order . of . buslness-^j. . C. McCone,
Stockton Federated Trades; W. T. Colbert,
Coopers" Union, ' San Francisco; AV. Jortall,
Sailors' Union, San Francisco; W.W. Stock
ford; Painters' ; Union, Vallejo; Wi- A. Parker.
Los Angeles; Frank Fleming, Barbers' Union,
Sacramento; P. B. Preble, Federated -Trades
Alameda ; J. S. Parry, Piledrl vera and Bridge
Workers; John Bell,: Marine Firemen's Union
San 'Francisco. . ¦ v , ,¦ . .-. ¦¦¦ .<
-Resolutions — "-Walter . Macarthur, Sailors'
Union, San. Francisco; John Davidson Labor
Council, A r allejo; Harry Rogers,' Sacramento
Typographical Union; F; C. Wheelan Los An
geles. Labor Council; M. Davi3, Musicians'
Union, San Francisco; W. H. Goff, Labor Coun
cil, San Francisco; J. - M. Higgins, Bookbind
ers' Union, ¦ San Francisco; Harry Glbb Typo
graphical Union, San "Francisco; j. j. Wal
lace, Machinists' -Union, San Francisco.
Constitution and ¦¦ by-laws — W. W Smith
Machinists' Union. - Vallejo; Ed Ro'senberg!
Sailors' Union, Ban Francisco; C. G.- Taylor,
Plumbers' Union,' Los Angeles; W. Goldthlrsti
Bay. Counties Warehousemen, Crockett: L.
Berg. United Brewery Workers. San Francisco;
M. Willi, Bakers'. Union, San Francisco; J H
Hallman, Fresno Labor Council; R. J. WIsler
Machinists, .San Francisco.
On label antr boycotts — J. Westcott W E.
Walker, R. Speck, L. M. Schnitzer — '— Galla
gher, . J. Nolan, H. Marks, Minnie Andrews.
W. Rusk. -
Ways and Means — J. J. Callsh, H. M Bur
nett, W. L. Candle, Harry Getting, Henry
Thiel, D. W. Robinson, J. B. Dale C. Paw
ley, . S. Rothenstein. f
Delegate Wheeler of Los Angeles
moved that air resolutions presented to
the convention be referred to the oommit
tee on resolutions without debate. The
motion prevailed. ¦¦ . -
President Rodgers read his annual re
port and explained the work of organiza
tion carried on In the past year. He se
verely criticized the Building Trades
Council of San Francisco for having ham
pered the < work of the federation in or
ganizing labor unions' in the interior of
the State. The president hoped that the
conflicting Interests would be harmonized
President Rodgers briefly referred to
the recent strikes in San . Francisco, "de
claring that they were caused by blows
aimed at. organized labor. •. •;•• \
. President Rodgers ¦ suggested, that a
States organizer be appointed:- and that
the dues of all members be raised to^in
crease tMe defense fund.' ...
The report was received and referred to
a. committee. • .,'.'." s- - .-../.
Secretary Lathrop's Report.
Secretary Guy L-athfop. reported that
owing : to .the recent strikes many unions
had fbeen : unable "to •, affiliate with- the
State Federation. -He. too, suggested the
appointment of a- State organizer.' -
The" secretary" reported the receipt Jot
1249 50 in order to > send ¦ delegates to the
convention of the American Federation of
Labor.' ),The, receipts from; unions- in the
past • year were . $935 81, > and expenses
$717 90 - leaving.- a balance -on hand- of
$217 91. . The report was referred to a com
mittee. --- .: ' . ..-; - ~- --¦.;- ¦,-
The special committee appointed to In
vestigate the protest again the seating of
Delegate Case of. the Shipwrights' and
Caikers 1 : Union, : reported that , Case : . ha d
v/lthdrawn; his request to be seated and
that the question be referred -to- the- in
coming executive committee. The report
was adopted. 1 ".' ' . '•;;-:¦
The convention spent - more than an
hour in discussing, the proper manner^ in
which' all resolutions should, be received.
The previous motion -that -resolutions' be
sent to a committee on resolutions with
out debate: was : reconsidered. ¦ It waa
finally decided that all. resolutions be pre
sented and sent < to . be printed ¦ before , they,
be read. -'.:¦.,-". . -•:¦ ,•;,•_ ._.,- ..
I The convention then adjourned until to
morrow morning,' after Delegate Case of
the Shipwrights' and. Caikers' Union .had
made an - explanation of : the ,' reasons ' for
his withdrawal from 'the convention.
; - After ! adjournment : the ; delegates visited
the " Mare , Island • navy-yard. A\ smoker
was fflven ¦ to .the . delegates this ¦ evening
by i the local . union. <* Mayor-elect Schmltz
of ; San .= Francisco arrived •¦ to-night ¦' and
banqueted by the^local- Machinists*
.Union. He made a few. remarks and fa
¦ vo rad: his, hosts; with; a' violin solo. ; - " •
Exhaust Relays of * Horses
Over an Eighty-Mile
Route.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Monday, Jan. 6.— Weather, fine. Track fast.
, • I Eetuns-
Index Horse. Age. Weicht St. %. x \. Str. Fin. , Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3084) Saul of Tarsus." 5.. 132 431 11111% S. McN'aughton... Burns j 4 4
S053 Mareaa. i ...126 2 2 12^23 26 J. H. Dolan Mounce 5 T
3030 Alzura. 4 .......126 7 11 32 31 31 A. H. Vlvell Jackson & 8
3085 Ishtar. 3 ........114 1 SI Bl 4h 4 h Burlinirame Farm...Birk 3 *
3051 The Miller, 6 132 96262 625h G. P. McNeil A. Kelly 8 10
3069 Gusto, 5 .: .135 342 41 5% 65 . P. Hawley Ransch 5 4
80S4 Scallywag, 4 128 6 82 7171 7 1 J. L. Crooks Prior 20 100
Ilowaho, 3 ......119 9 92 8 1 8 2 81/ W. H. Ketcheman.Math 15 100
(3041) Buzzer, 3 ...114 10 729 92 92 T. H. Ryan. . .Buchanan* T 15
291B Sea Lion, a.. ....135 8 10 10 10 10 Ceasar Young. . J. Woods! 3 , 10
Time— %, :24; %, :49%; 5V4I, 1:08. Good start. "Won first three driving. Winner, S. Me-
Naughton's ch. g. by Watercress- Judith. Saul of Tarsus a good weight packer. Alzura
did her best. Ishtar in hard luck. Buzzer almost left. Sea Lion no speed. Scratched —
Rubino 116, -Esternell 114.
3OOO. 'SECOND RACE — FiTtnri^^ou^3eT^ein^;"lh7eT^a1r^d7r^o^r3tr~»325."" " " "^
• ' - '. -••-'- I ; I Betting.
Index Horse : and Weight. St. %. %. 8tr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. | Op. CL
3024 Jarretiere d'Or ..119 6 6^ 7~6 2~h^ 1 1% ¦ J. P. Atkln.. Spencer 3 5 11-20
3085 Nonle . . . . f. 117 1 2 111 _1 1 22 M. Kane Mounee 4 ft
3080 Constable 119 3.52 5h 51 31 Ezell & Lazarus. Blrkrth 15 3O
3071 Larry Wilt ......122 2 736^31 43 G. H. Stevens.. O"Connor 4 '¦: .:«;
3030 Arthur Ray . 122 4 1 % 2n 4 1 52 Clayton & Co..E. Jones 15 30
3067 Phyllis* 117 6 4h 4 h , 61 64 Stemler & Co...Ran<ich 10 20
3082. Dan Collins ....;119 7 , 3 h 3 1 7 10 7 15 H. L. Stanfleld..Troxler « 30
Dr. D. W. Kergan.119 8 8. 8 8 8 C._VV._Chappell. Harrison | 50 200
Time— To %. ,:21%Sto. %, :48V4; last %. 1:01%; short %. 1:11%. Good start. Won~flrst
three driving. Winner, J. P. Atkln'3 b. g. by Golden Garter- Rlcardo. Winner pounds tlw
best. ¦ Cut off two or three times and compelled to go around his field. Nonie ran a nice
race. Constable improving. Dan Collins quit early.
3OO7. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and ufc; to first, $325.
- • ¦' - Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. . %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3066) Danger's Maid, 5. 96 4 lh 12 12 In Burns & Waterhs. Ranch 2 ' 5^2
3093 Ordnung, 6 ..110 6"4h 32 2h'21 JW Sch«rr. ..J Woods 4 6
(3094) Duckoy, 5 107 1 3h 4%3h 3h G. B. ilorrla. .O'Connor 7-2 3
2959 Eonic, 4 r....... 91 2 2 1 2h 4 2 46 Ceasar Toung... Jackson 5-2 13-5
3069 Hilee. 5 .103 5 52 5 2 S3 5 4 W. W. Elliott. . .Troxler « 7
3078 I Captivate. 4 90 3 6 6 6 6 IP. Hlldreth Redfern 15 100
Tlm«— Y* 1 , :24Vi; %, :46%; %. 1:13%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns
& Waterhouse's ch. m. by St.' Leonards -Hand Maid. M»ld clear sailing from start. Ord
9 nung always knocking.' Duckoy In a tight position to the stretch. Otherwise might hava
' won. Eonic looked stale and dry as a sea biscuit. Hilee had all colors of speed but
."couldn't get to ¦ the front apparently.
30PS . ; FOURTH RACE— Mile and B0 yard*: Oakland handicap; 3-year-oldVTnV"upT~$500*
¦ Betting.
Index Horse. Agoi Weight. St. %. - %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. .Op. CL
(3057) Homestead, 3 106 452 4% 22 Ins G. B Morris. \ O'Connor 2 "Tt
(2753) La Goleta, a 103 S 3 1%3%ln21 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 3 5
806G Edgardo, 5 90 1 13 12 56 3 3 F. Burrows. J Daly 6 «
3094 The Fretter. 6. . . .104 2 21 2n 4b 43 F. J. O'Ronrke.T Burns 5 6
3094 Position, 5 102 6 666. 3% 56 D. S. Fountain, .. Ransch : 2 3-2
3075 Dunblane, 5 .... 94 5 4 n 6 6 6 | Jennings & Co. ...O'Nell 10 20
Time— %. :25; %, :49%; \. 1:14%; m, 1:40%: lm 50yds,~ir43%7~Good~start7~ ~Won~flrst
three driving. Winner, G. B. Morris' b. c. by Candlemas -Sweet Home.' Had Ransom
taken the lead earlier with La Goleta she would have won. Was also hindered by winner
In stretch. Homestead ran a remarkably good race, giving away many pounds. Position
couldn'tget up. _The Fretter did his best. 2,. _
3001). FIFTH RACE — 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up: to first. $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . %.. %. . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. . CU
3030 Lapidus, 3 .88 212 11% 12 12 IJenninirs & Co. . Redfern ~ 3 1VT5
3075 Bathos, 5 103 1 2 1% 23 23 2% J.'J. Moran Hoa? 1* •>»
3028 Plohn. 5 ........107 4 66 S% 3n 3% P. Ryan ....... BuIIman 5 6-^
3085 Bragg,:3 837 82 62 4n 46 Thomas Rowe KnaDD 10 IS
2845 Siddons, 4 104 6 7 7 5 2 5 5 T. H. Stevens ... Troxler 15 30
8063 Goldone. 5 103 5 4% 4n 6 3 6 10 J. Coffey .....J Woods 7-2
3075 Impromptu, 4 ...103 3 "3 h 5 3 7 7 Montana Stable.. Jackson 7 12
(3081) Cromwell, a 108 8 « ... ... ... E. Purser : . ..O'Connor! 5 lo
Time— H.:24;%,.:48; % 1:13%; m l:40;l l-16m. 1:46%. Good start exceut Cromwell
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b c by star
'. Ruby- Pearl V. Lapidus spreadeaglecfc his field. Bathos jumped out of the bandbox with
a brand new suit on. Plohn hard ridden. Bragg outfooted. Goldone no speed ImDromDtu
.has. gone. back. Cromwell, practically left. 'Pulled up. w pu
81Q0T^SIXTirRACE— Mile and TyVarayseTlln^T'fmiw^
Index Horse. Age. Weight: St. ~%. ' %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O^! tU °CL
(3083) El Mldo, 6 ...131 4 6 4n 3% 11 J. S. Campbell. Mounce 1 ~i
3081 Sylvan Lass, 6... 124 6 32 34 4224 John Kane. Prtor 1 5
(3063) Afghan, a .......131 2. In In 2% 3% C. LInd j'woods 2 K9
3032 Capt. Gaines. 5.. 124 3 2 4 2 10 1 n 4 3 W. G. Matthews.MaSws 7 -S *l
3088 Lodestar, a ......131 1 4 1 5 4 5 15 5 50 O'Keefe & Co... Spencer 5 T
3001 Rushflelds. a ....131 5 51-6 6 6 c. O. Ray..^Vjg^!X 4
Time— %. :24%; %.':49%: %. 1:15%: m, 1:42%; lm 70yds. 1:46\ Good~Tt^
easily. ¦¦ Second and third driving. Winner. J. S. Campbell's b. g by Sir Modred pJH?
El- Mldo won easily after Afghan and Capt. Gaines had raced the^elvea tof"^ 1
BtUL Lodestar didn't do much. • ¦¦ •»«»¦, siana-
Two Railroad Men Cpn
•¦V test fbr^a -Right of
: Way.
vote of thanks to ' Governor TSage for the steps
he took to end the recent labor disputes In San
Francisco. : ' ' . . '• •.
' One Woman Delegate.
Every branch of labor v in : Calif ornla Is
•.'¦ represented in the convention. The fair
sex has a delegate in Mrs.- Minnie An
drews of Local Union No. . 61, San Fran
cisco Cooks and Waiters. Mrs. Andrews
was given a reception by her brother dele
gates and was tendered a seat in the
nrst row, facing the president.
During the afternoon session parlia
mentary law was not always adhered to,
; but the delegates managed to ge^them
' selves out of a number, of tangles. Quite
a fight was made over the. sea ting of the
delegates from the. Shipwrights" and
Caikers' Union - No. 8162 of San Fran
cisco. While a few men expressed-them
selves In bitter terms against the afore
said union; the convention as a whole was
actuated by a spirit of, justice and took
steps to investigate the charges which
¦" have been made against. the shipwrights
and caikers. ' ¦ ¦:- ,. '~;~. .'-¦¦¦.
A petition will be presented to the con
vention for indorsement and presentation
to President Roosevelt and Congress,
asking that all ships of the navy be built
at Government navy-yards and that the
appropriations for all warships be spent
in the construction of, such * vessels at
Government plants. The petition will also
ask Congress, to take note of the work
/^•^ REEN MOftBIS' _Candlemas
ffi X- Sweet V Home- colt Homestead
(I,;]! bids fair to become quite a fac
. , tor in the three-year-old class.
' He -conceded: various sized
chunks of weight, to a : very shifty, field
In r the : ' Oakland ; handicap at • the track
over the -bay j yesterday j and . in the stlff
est kind of a brush ., with v La Goleta
snatched the long end of the purse by a
nose. The race was .decided over a mile'
and fifty, yards, and Position, carrying 102
pounds, went to. the post favorite. The
sharp edge: he carried in several contests
must have finally dulled, fdV- the Foun
tain entry was clearly outfooted. Trainer
Spiers : had •. La Goleta primed and ready
•and had Ransom made his cutaway,, soon
er .the- mare; might have -won. • She v was
leading by more than a length info the
stretch, but when :; O'Connor on .Home
stead got up . be\ outflnished and butjoclt
eyed Itansom, getting the decision. The
distance .was covered in 1543%, within a
quarter of a second of. the coast record.
Edgardo, a 90 pounder, ran third. ¦¦-¦ • ¦.
Cool;' crisp' weather seemed to .agree
with the short' priced c horses, four favor
ites in the ring catching the eye of the
judges first. The attendance was large
and the bookmakers claimed business to
beabove the average. • ,.:
"Sandy McNaugh ton scooped in the. in
troductory sprint with Saul of Tarsus.
Tommy Burns rode the fourteen-story tall
gelding and after . heading*; Alzura won
driving from Maresak- 1 - The 'winner, to
gether with Ishtar and Gusto, were all
quoted at fours' in the ring. Gusto could
not handle .the weight. •
I As good as 7 to 10 was laid about Jar
; retierre d'Or in the betting on the two
• year-old dash, and he showed himself to
i,be many pounds the best.^ Cut. off half a
j dozen times Spencer found himself com
i pelled to around the field in the
stretch. He finally , caught '^ and beat
Nonie more, than a length. -Constable,: a
3 to 1 shot, ran third. ' "
Six fast ones locked horns in the third
! event, a six-furlong 'run, with the .Burns
I & Waterhouse entry, Maid,
| closing a slight favorite over Eonic.
| Ransch on the first choice raced Eonic to
{ a standstill and 'at the close downed Ord
nung a neck. Duckoy, in a bad position
to the stretch, finished a- close third on
the outside. - ...
Walter Jennings' three-year-old Lapidus
with Redfern and 88 pounds on his back
took the mile and a sixteenth event, with
his rider reaching for wraps. The odds
against the Star Ruby colt were played
down from threes to 11 to 5 favoritism.
Bathes, a 20 to 1 shot, the ' contender
throughout, ran second, half a length be
fore Plohn,- the second choice. ..'.
In the closing mile and seventy-yard
run, v.'ith the scale 'of weights raised.
El Mido showed- to splendid advantage.
Closing second choice Mounce waited with
him to the ¦ stretch, ¦ and then. galloped in
j before Sylvan Lass: Afghan and Captain
Gaines were raced to a standstill. .
Track Notes.
v The attention' of horsemen . is called I to
the. fact that the stakes of the Memphis
Jockey Club close to-day. ] Blanks can be
secured from James - Norvell.- "
| Charles Boots' colt. The Giver, had en
tirely, recovered" yesterday from whatever
mixture was given - him on Friday , night
and was frisking about in his stall. The
officials still have the matter under in
vestigation. .
Therlch Washington Park'Clutfstakes,
among which are included the Sheridan
Drexel, Kenwood, • Oakwood, Wheeler
handicap and. American; Derby dose with
Secretary: James Howard on Wednesday,
January 15."' '. . .' .-.
Followingare the entries for this after
noon'3 events: v^ . .- . .
First race— Five and a half furlongs; selling*
maiden three-year-olds. ~
I 3082 Claiidator ...119; 3082 Knockings .. 117
3048:Mintaka .....122 3077 St. Chester. 122
3077 Kiny Herald. 119 ! 2081 The Maniac:. 119
3035 Royal Rogue. 119 3077 ' Sir Claus. ....119
¦ 3082, Wander. Boy.119 13048 Rosarle ... 117
3077 Annie . Max ... 117 3082 Dwight Way 119
¦3077 Discovery;:. ..122 , ._ . "
'. Second race— -^Seven furlongs; selling; four
"ye'arroldsr and- upward.' "-"¦>. V ; ..,
h 2975 Sidelong "..:. .129 ; '¦: .'; . - Killeen Jf£v ; 'l29 ]
.. 3000 Rey del S. J.,129 2604 Onyx ....:. .129
3084 Har. Thatcherl29 3083 Kastalne* ..'. 127
3078 M. I* Roth' Id. 129 3078 Marineuse ...126
3047;Senator Mattsl29| .... Amzi .....;. 126
2990 Ravino ....... 120 3064 Bob Palmer. . 126
Third race^-Slx furlongs; selling; three-year
i olds.".- - ir ' '• ¦¦- '.-' • - - ¦
i 3020 Com. Foster. . 103 3080 Halnault ' . .*. . 109
I 30C7 Jacqueminot .102(2951)St. Sever. 104
I Fourth race— Five furlongs; Cyclone handi.
I cap; three-year-olds and upward.
<3045)Josie G. '.:.... 110- 3073 Sister Jeanle. 95
2994 Rubus .:..... 90 ; 3086 Rey Dare 106
3098 T. of Candles.104 3005 Gusto .......104
THE CALL'S RACIN G FORM CHART.
HOMESTEAD GIVES AWAY WEIGHT
AND DEFEATS LA GOLETA A NOSE
BREAKNECK RACE
FOR BIG STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 51902.;
PARTISAN POLITICS HAS NO PLACE
IN STATE LABOR CONVENTION
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W. W •J.HNMA.U 6—> .. . •«"»«...« o«»«
PACtyiC UK1ON
U lit IV 9 A3CD MtELIIlrO CO«CPAJ«T.
/ **~Bt* •¦•MUH M » %
UWdkbutK. N. M— 0e«. 21St, l»01*
Vulcan Smelting & Refining Co. ,
We have Just completed a very successful
run in the 50-ton furnace sold to us' by your
company on a mixed carbonate and sulphide ore,
and turned out a 96 per cent copper bullion;
carrying the gold and silver values, with a
loss of less than three-quarters of 1 per cent
of copper in the slag, which, as you are aware,
is remarkably low in the smelting of carbonate
ores. The furnace is all right,- - -it ' s a
wizard. We would have been very glad to ten-
der you this testimonial before, but desired
to make the run entirely with our own force,
separate from the operation of same ¦ by ~ your
force sent here to blow furnace in.
We find that our 30 H. P. boiler is ample, to.
operate furnace in a most satisfactory manner .:•
We also find that your statements regarding
the smelter have not been exaggerated at all,
and that the operation of the furnace is en-
tirely as represented, and is a complete suc-
cess, and will within the near future place
with the Vulcan Company an order for a 100- ton
plant, which we will install at Lordsburg
PACIFIC UNION MINING * SMELTING
14/- >t/
Secretary -
: -/. ; :^ / Syrup of Figs appeals to the cultured and the
A i well-informed and to the healthy, because its com-
y'(--j~\ '^CJ,'-'/-'/- ' - " " : - : S^P?V / ¦ ponent parts are simple and wholesome and be-
< //-A *<C."'- ~ K -- ' "'^^S^-v/ cause it acts without disturbing the natural func-
tions, as it is wholly free from every objectionable
/ y'' : i^^m^^f^^"i^w* 1 -i manufacturing figs are used, as they are
(M-% j^ ¦.¦^'W^^( | S|^pI^^V ; " • '• '•' virtues ; of Syr iip of Figs are obtained
"^SSiSffi'^^R^^PW^S^ *^*0¥" rom an excellent combination of plants
-.-;_- -\!'r^3tiib" :-.* . Ebr «eJ-L- by . "&ll '«dru^^ioto. Jt •- Pricg»^flfty cer\ts por-bottl#»
• • ¦ ! . . - - ...NOTE— The high ; and low waters occur ai
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five, minutes . later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorlty of the Superintendent. - - ¦ N v ,-
;<Sun, Moon and Tide. ¦
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
,' Times and Heights ot Hlgo and lio
1 Waters at Fort Point, entrance to
AA jury.'.was "impaneled In Judge . Law
lor',8 'court' yesterday to try the case o:
Edmund,', F...Pettlgrew, charged with th<
murder. of Lafayette A. Welsh outside tht
Chutes :on .the > morning of July. 15 last
The jury consists of Simon Scheellne
Joseph ; PeigenbaUm, William j B. Knights
Joseph ,B- Queen, Albert Meyer, Maurici
Keatlnge, Silas A: Gunst, Joseph Henry
Lewis G. McMullen, Charles S. Healey
August H.. Aubin and ; Christian H. In
gerson. The case will go on this morning
zollem, from New York, for Naples and Genoa,
and proceeded.' ¦••¦¦¦•
•PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Jan 6— Stmi
Waesland, from Liverpool. ',-. • . - ¦
BREMEN — Arrived prior to Jan 6 — Stmi
Barbarossa, from New y/ork. - ¦•:¦• -r-
SINGAPORE— Sailed Jan 1— Stmr Kentucky,
for Seattle. ¦¦-; ; .; - " < ... ¦ .
. GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr. Cartha
ginian; for New York. .> , ¦' .
LIZARD — Passed Jan 6 — Stmr Phoenicia,
from New York, for Hamburg-. .
CHERBOURG — Sailed Jan 5 — Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, foi
New York..., .,,:..'. - - , .- ; V-' '
Welsh. Murder Trial.
• We are howln charge of the road. We will
make the : necessary ¦ Improvements aa rapidly
as possible.' .We expect to have the road dou
ble-tracked and to have the electric system in.
stalled before the-cloee of the year. . r. r,..-> '
We do not care at the present time to dis
cuss the changes that may occur in the list
of employes. Any employe, though', who gives
us satisfaction and is polite and attentive neec:
not feelUhe. least bit alarmed about being re
moved." , '• " .-¦-'..
The papers of incorporation have not a?
yet been filed, but they wiirbe'in a few
days. With this legal step taken, tht
North Pacific Coast . Railroad will be e
thing of the past, and the new corporatlor
Will -tie known as the North Shore Rail
road:;' / ,. ¦ "'. ; : ; ; '•..'¦-'•.'¦.': -•¦;.;
"The board of. directors has not as yel
announced the fact, but John Martin wll
be president of the company." ; He will bf
assisted \ by James Coakley ' arid E. J. • d«
Sabla Jr.' as vice presidents. ''!', . . ?*
President J. B. Stetson was at his desfc
yesterday as the executive head of the
company, but he was only there to helj
the new owners in their duties. .
Vice President E. J. de Sabla; Jr. sale
yesterday: , . . , . ..
: The. syndicate . which last week pur
chased>th.e North; Pacific Coast Railroad
took' .possession t of its newly acquired
property yesterday. H. Falrchild,
the : newly." appointed - manager, ' spent , a
busy ..day across .the bay inspecting the
workings, of . the >oad j and the , . rolling
stock. , ';;' '. --. '',¦.•:, ; ' ...'•, ¦ ¦ : - ' ¦;" ; .•
Alterations Will Be Finished
Before End of This
Nortb Pacific Goast Be
;,• comes; North Shore
;.' • Railroad.
NEW COMPANY
IN POSSESSION
TUESDAT. JANUARY 7.
Sun rises 7:26 ,.
Sun sets, -• .- . - 0:09 .
Moon rises ,...-. ..: ............ .5 :19 a. m. ,.;
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ.' S. N.. Met
chants' Exchange, San' Francisco, Cal
January 6. 1902.- ' ' '¦ ¦
¦ The. Time Ball on the ' tower.-of the Pen
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-daj
1 e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
p. m.i Greenwich gTAN±; LEX,
;.;•¦ • Lieutenant- U: S. Navy; In Charge.
j NOTE— In the 'above exposition of the tide
the. early, rooming tidei are given in th* let
hand column and the successive tides of th
day in th* order of occurrence as to time; th
fourth time column gives the last tide of th
day except when there are but three tides, a
sometimes occurs. The heights given are V
addition to the soundings of the United State
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—
sign precedes the height, and then the numoe
given Is subtracted from the depth given by th
charts. The plane of reference Is th* mean o
the lower low waters. - . . -• ,- ¦ .. ¦
Itoiaifcg^
FROV SEATTLE.
Water Front .Notes.
' One. of _ the oldest timers on the water
front passed away Sunday night. Almost
every 'commuter on the j Southern Pacific
lines knew P. Barry, arid his genial face
will- be -missed by many. For about thirty
years h.e .worked around .the. Jerries, and
the railroad never had a more . faithful
servant. He was taken ill- k few days
ago and passed away early Sunday room
ing. •
' The* Batchelder brothers, made- a great
killing of ducks on the bay last Sunday.
They got many canvasback in and around
Sausalito. and there was great rejoicing
at "Baron" Guitalde's In consequence.;::
Captain Lawless will take the Zealandia
out on the 10th Inst., and Captain Dowdell
will take command of the Australia. 1 y
• ,The steamer. Queen* • will take up the
Walla Walla's run,< and the crew of ; .the
latter vessel will man her. 5 '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British steamer ' Arab' is chartered , for
flour to Hongkong,, lump Bum, by the Sperry
Flour Company.
The following- vessels have been .chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe: ''¦;•
The British ship Clan . Macpherson, 37s -6d;
the French bark Marguerite • Dollfus. 34b; the
German' ship Peru,. SOs 6d; the British ship
Springbank (at Tacoma). 3"s 6d; the British
r steamer Denbighshire, 'from Tacoma. to St. Vin
cent, for orders, 33s fid, if two ports 35s.-'
The schooner Fred ¦ J. Wood •" loads lumber
! at, Fairhaven for. Shanghai, 40s. _
Notice to Mariners.
UMPQUA- RIVER— OREGON
Notice is hereby given that the INSIDE BAR
BUOY, a : black -'and white perpendicularly
striped second-class nun. has- gone adrift from
Its station inside the bar. It will be replaced
33 early as "practicable. » ,v ¦
This notice effects the. List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901. page 44. -. . : •
By order of the Light-House Board,
- * W. P., DAT. •--'.¦
Commander, ,U. 'S. N., Light-House Inspector.
Expeorts to British Columbia.
Shipping, Intelligence.
* 'ARRIVED.
The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday for
V4ctori%. with an assorted -. merchandise ' cargo
for British Cblumbla ports valued, at. $9598. 'THe
mrgo included the following merchandise and
73,525* lbs malt. 42.160 ibs oil cake meal, 1016
lbs leaf tobacco, 508. lbr nuts, 12 cs and 50 gals.
w"!ne, 20 coils wire, 30 pkgs groceries and pro
vifcioce, 7 rolls leather, 25 cs starch. 5 bbls
ai»phalt"uni. 60 bdls cedar lumber. 20 cs metal
polish. 3 flasks quicksilver. 6 pkgs. varnish," 17
fkes arms and ammunition, 625 lbs dried- fruit,
2«4 pkgs fresh fruit, 1*J pkgg fresh vegetables,
554 pkgm hardware. .
Also 2015 pigs lead and 187 lbs dried shrimp3
.for Montreal.; valued at $7553.
Monday, January fl^
-¦ Etmr Ventura. Hayward, • 20 days 19 hours
-31 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu ,5 days
13" -hours 16-minutea. ; • - . j
, Etmr-Ruth, HlKeins. 31 hours from Eureka.
.) Stmr..:l3ruliswicfc. Andresen, 36 hours from
San Pedro.-
Boole &.. Son are also building a new
four-ma:sted barkentine for Hind, Rolph
& Co. and -a new tug for the Santa Fe.
The latter is to be a sister ship to the
-Richmond and will be ready \f or service in
a few weeks. The barkentine for Hind,
Rolph- & Co. is to be named Makaweli,
and. will , carry 1,000,000 feet of lumber.
-Incidentally 'Mr.- Boole says ttre- masts
will be called the "fore.V. "main," miz«
zen," "jigger," "spanker" and "driver."
"When the seventh mast comes, 1 " said he
yesterday, "we will christen it the 'push
er.' If you can get a better name let me
know, and we will use it."
The handsome new four-masted barken
tine Koko Head will be launched froni
Boole's shipyard next Saturday, and as
soon as she is in the water the keels of
two new six-masted schooners will be
laid. Mr. Boole refuses to state for whom
they are being built, but says they will
be 315 feet long. 4S feet beam and .16 feet
8 inches deep.; They will each be ISOO.tona
burden and will have" a capacity of 1,750,000
feet of lumber, -^v..: -,...:-.;<,".; --..-
SIX-MASTEI> SXIHOONERS.
TbJ Ventura cpoke the Alameda at 3:55
p. pi.' last Sunday. She was. then nearly
400 miles . from San Francisco- .and was
making good time. There wa«;no sign of
the ?Ameriea Maru. and'the officers of th«}
Honolulu — J. J. Gilmore anfit wife. W. Rr
Castle Jr.. W. F. Hall and. wjfe. Miss E.
Phillips. Miss M. Wise. L. F. Moulton. H. C.
Horton. A. B. "Wood, Mre. MC, Pope, JO. E.
Pope, K. Graham, Miss G. Graham,- Jr; Stngie
ton and wife. H. C. Schmidt, Rev. ; I». M.
Hartley and irffe. Miss Hartley.*' Mrs. H. T.
lienford. Miss N. Reid. A. Haze! ton. -. { . .
Second cabin: Sydney — W. .X. .Jtose. L.
Ward, R. 6. Nason. Mrs. M. Sureune. - Mrs.
1^. F»urt, S«»s Rose Faust, Mis* Daisy Faust.
Mies V«ra Faust, D. McMahon. and wife. Mrs.
A. Hooker and two children. Miss M. A.
Ctisack, C. €ymons and -wife,. E. Guenier, A.
C Pe!I. Karl Formes. . . " »>:-.¦ , ;
Auckland— T. Fees, wife and , .child :. W.
Jfooper. A- J. WUlis.-J- B.XTallaway. ., . •
Honolulu — Mts.-C Winters and child. B.
Lichtic "Mre. H.'- Jafcrfbs. Mrs.-C»P. Hinds.
F L. Paliafrjand -wife, GeorgfiHanrtln and
wife, * Mrs, A. J. Hihn, Miss ;E. L/und.-; W.
>tf«ere, G. F. Roethe. W. H. Russell. -A. SB.rIn r
cersoli: Mrs. A-- Macfarlane. A. L. : Howard.
C. Vaadjerrbth. W. G. Riley. : Mr, « Bernard.
wife, and four children; Mr. Beverly and wife.
Mr. -St. L^on and live children. Miss G. "WTln
gate, Mies M. Wlngate.
.. -svas seriously delayed both at
Pago Pago and Honolulu. From the lat
ter port the run was made in five- days
thirteen hours. The eteamer'was too late
to catch the mall .train had It departed on
schedule time, but the Southern Pacific
held it a half-hour and the mall bags were
rushed ashore as soon as the Ventura
docked and are now speeding across the
continent on- their way to Europe. ' The
mail has nearjy a. -week: In which to reach
New York, so there is little doubt that
the njall -will reach England on time.
The first and second cabin passengers
on the Ventura were:
From Svdney — Mr.- and Mrs. G. Mallilieu. C.
J. NtTity. T. M, McAiplne. -W. A. Scoular.
Auckland— air. and Mrs. E. Bobe, L. M.
Llfhemufi, A. J. Barnes.
Pago Pago — Governor W. H. Solf and ser
vant. --» w~ -v ....
THE Oceanic Steamship .Company's
Ventura arrived from Australian
port? yesterday. She made ' a
splendid run from Sydney, ' but
GIBRAL.TAK— Arrived * Jan ' C^ Stmr '< Hoheft-
OCEAN" STEAMER/
- STDNET — Arrived Jan 6-^Shir> \Henry'. Fa 11
lnsr. from Tacoma. • -: - •• • - -¦ -• « • ' i . -: -,i
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Jan 6— Ship Gov Ro
;bie,f from Everett " - -
, NANAIMO^ — Sailed Jan4 — Nor etrar Titania,
for San Francisco. ¦'- ' . • .. v : -;•: .— ,
MANILA — Sailed Jan '» Reaper, "for
Pu^et Sound. : > - . ;
.. &T. VINCENT— Arrived i prior to'Jan 6— Aus
Btmr. Borneo, from Tacoma; ; Nor atmr Hero*,
f rom Taeoma. v . ¦ . .•'.." ;!.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Jan 3 — Schr Gen Ban
nine-, hence Dec 20. ... . - f ; .... =¦*-'.
• NEWCASTLE, Aus — Sailed . Dec 6— Br ship
Pltcairn • Island, . for • San Francisco - : .* . ; , ¦ ¦ v
; Chartered to load-D,ec, 17— Br, ships '.Cromp
ton and Sprlngburn." for San Francisco,'. • ¦
'In uort— Br bark ' Brunei, for! Oregon ; ~- Bj
ship Corunna,' Fr bark :Reine Blanch?, for: San
Francisco. . - . ¦ . '¦.-:; . • ; ,.-, ,- ..,:. ..
( CALDERA— In port : Nov." 10— Br' /^ark' 'Lota, '
for .Astoria. '-" ¦: •.¦•¦:. - ¦-.¦-.¦; - :
i- LIVERPOOL-^-Sailed Dec 20— Bt ship Kate
Thomas, for Vancouver. : . ¦.•"¦¦," ;; . *-
FOREIGN PORTS.
, NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 5— Stmr Oregonlan
for San Francisco, and later returned to Sandv
Hook Bar. •• -" - t — " • :
EASTERN PORT.
: HONOLULU— Arrived' Dec 28— Bktn Omeea
from Newcastle, Aus; bark Alden Besse. whence
Dec 3. .'.Dec 31 — Bark Hesner; from Hastings
Mill nn - distress); Brehip. Langdale. from
London. ' ¦ . •¦¦'/- t "*- •' " .*'-'. • .¦ -¦
I f Sailed Jan 1— Stmr Ventura,. for San Fran
cisco. Dec 31 — Bark Kaiulanl and bktnWH
Dimond,- for San .Francisco. ' . „-- - "
KAHULUI — To ¦ call, -Dec " 28-^Schr Manila,
for .Ta coma. - - ¦ ••¦ .'•'¦*.% •' ." •
ISLAND PORTS,
EUREKA^Arrived Jan 6-^-Stmr North Fork'
hence Jan 5; schr Barbara Hernster. hence
Jan 4. ¦ i
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ ¦ - .........
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Jan 6— Bark
Agate. -for San . Francisco; :¦ bark Fresno.- for
San-. Francisco. . ...-¦.,
•:SAN PEDRO — Sailed Jan 5^-Stmr Pasadena
for- Eureka: , stmr Santa Barbara,- for Sar-
Franclaco.- ¦ ¦ . .
• /Arrri-ed Jan 6— Stmr Meteor, from Redondo
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 0— Stmr Geo-Loo
mis, hence Jan 4, and sailed for San Fran
cisco, i ..¦...'
.PORTLAND — Sailed. Jan 6 — Schr Volante,
for San Francisco; ship Falkland, for Queens
tOWIJ..¦.', . ¦;' ;- • ./ ;¦ • : (.:-•; .
Arrived Jan 6— Bktn ' Renfleld.-; from Pena
blanca. ¦ : ' . ¦ . v • .
SEATTLE — Sailed Jan 5— Stmr Al-Ki, for
Skagway. .- ; r ¦ .
- Sailed Jan. 5 — Aus stmr . Marianne."- for Si
Vincent. ... . •. - • ; , .--;,.-. , ,
FAIRHAVEX-*-Arrived Jan 5— Schr A F
Coates.'from San Pedro. •
TACOM A— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Chico.,from
Vancouver; • bark - Levi I G ¦' Burgess. -hence Dec
28; Bchr Lillebonne, hence' Dec .22. Jan 6
Schr Glendale, hence; Dec 21. ' '- •
Arrived - Jan 4 — Br stmr Ping Suey, -"from
Seattle. - : .-• . .-. .
Sailed Jan 6 — Am stmr Asuncion, for San
•Francisco. ,: ¦ ¦*> ¦ : •¦,- •;•• • .
i PORT GAMBLE — Sailed 1 Jan 6— Bark -Fres
no, for San Francisco.' -. . . • . ¦•;
: Arrived Jan 6 — Schr Spokane,' .hence Dec- 29 ¦
COOS BAY — Bartound Jan 6— Stmr Arcata.
for San Francisco. ' i •¦ . . • .¦ .. . > .-,..¦
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jan 6— Schr Mary
E Foster,' trom.Honolulu. ¦
MENDOCINO— Arrived- Jan 5— Stmr' Na- ;
varro. hence, Jan 3; stmr Point Arena, .hence
Jan 4. ; - . .
PORT LOS ANGELES-r-A'rrived Jan 6-Stmr
Banta Rosa, from. San^ Francisco, and Bailed
for San Dieso.
Sailed Jan G — U S stmr Alert, for Santa
Barbara: etmr San Mateo. for Nanaimo
¦KEAH BAT — Passed out'Jan 6 — Strars San
ta Ana and Washtenaw, < f or San . Francf bco
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Samoa,
hence Jan 5. ¦ ¦ • : • . , ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 6. 10 p m— Weather
hazy ;t wind NE,- velocity 22 miles per, hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Br bar'* Limena, from Newcastle Aus
Jan 5— Sailed Oct 29. The vessel met with fair
weather, .experiencing light variable winds.
Crossed the line 'Dec "2. Light, variable winds
were encountered until lat 18 N. then strong
NJE winds were .met with. . Kauai Island was
eighted Dec 20; from this point strong- south
erly winds ' were experienced until arriving.
The weather during the latter part of the pas
sage, waa unsettled, and foggy. . . ..
MEMORANDUM.
• HONOLULU, Dec 31— Bark Hesoer, from
Hastings Mill, for Frcmantle, put > In this
afternoon leakine at the rate of 7 inches per
hour. Vessel sprung. a leak Dec. 22, lat 22 N,
Ion 133 W. Leak seems mostly on starboard
side, near bow, probably bowports. -"Will dis
charge • deckload on Jan' 2. ''Has "about '2V4
feet of water In hold. ' .
Ship Benj Sewell, previously reported, found
only one leak amidships. Diver considers bal
ance of leak to be general; 11 feet 6 inches of
water in hold on morning of Dec', 31. While
heaving In anchor outside harbor, lost anchor
and 50 fathoms of chain. Cargo xvjll probably
be discharged to find oth*r leaks. - ¦ •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per fir shlu Bermuda — Nov. 7, lat 54 S,' Ion
87 22 \V, . Br shlD Earl. Cadogan. -from Ham
burg, for Port Los Angeles. . • •
« Per bark Ceylon, at Honolulu— No date, lat
33 60-N. Ion 130 17 W, schr Fearless, from
Fairhaven, for Shanghai. ' . . • -
SPOKEN
¦¦' - ' Monday, January 6.'
.Stmr Coca Bay, Gielow, San Pedro. . >.
Stmr Umatilla, -Cousins, Victoria and-Puget
Sound ports. .
Stmr South Portland, 'Sears, Seattle ''
Stmr Cella. Adler.' Bowens Landing. ;'•
i Stmr Brunswick. -Anderson^- Eureka. - J- x " * ¦?•-.
.? Stmr Copper Queen, Burns,, -« — Cv r.;.' i^i''
Stmr Homer, Donaldson,- Eureka; '¦'• -¦>
..ytmr Luella,- Madsen. Caspar, .' : '";" ' V
Birge- Santa Paula. McGovern, Ventura," in
tow tug Reiscu'e. ' ' -..;••:¦. j- ¦ . .
SAILED.
Monday, January 6. '
Stmr • Umatilla. ¦' Cousins, Victoria and Port'
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
CLEARED.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin; - 42 hours from Port
Los Anrreles. *.- . .
Br stmr \Vil!6wdene. Sandal, ' 4 days' from
Port Biakeley; put in to finish loading.
Ventura are of the opinion that the Mam
was leading in the race to Honolulu. , .
ONE OF THE NEW SIX-MASTED SCHOOLERS WHICH WILL BE BUILT BY BOOLE & SON FQR A SAN FRAN
CISCO SYNDICATE. AS SOON AS THE KOKO HEAD IS LAUNCHED THE KEELS OF THE NEW SCHOON
ERS WILL BE LAID. . . . ; . ; /
Steamship Ventura Arrives in Port Behind Time Owing to Dday
at Pa^ Pag^-~Make£S^^^
OVERLAND HELD HALF AN HOUR
TO TAKE THE AUSTRALIAN MAIL
Illness of Captain Couch.
Captain' Couch, a well-known citizen of
this', city, ; has been seriously m for the 1
past two weeks 'at" the Lane Hospital,,
Captain Couch/who has been attended by.
Dr. Hlrschfelder. was reported last even
log to-be progressing. Xavor»bJ^_'- :- : :>u>
Eliza Meyer, filed a^suiffor. $10,000 dam
ages I yesterday.' : against V". Richard';; and
Charles , Meyer." ; She/ alleges v.that . ; they,
[compelled j her, husband to < leave '* her ; and
his- happy home ln'.West'BerkelejrDecem
iber. 23, 1901, causing j her' great -mental ) an-
Wants Her Husband Back:
guish.jShe claims fiirther that the Mey
ers have since "so 'worked- upon the fears
of 'her, husband thkt notwithstanding she
has . beseeched him ', to return ".to ¦ his home
and firesldethe cannot do so. -.- Mrs. Meyer
estimates the value of her husband's com
pany * at" U0,000». ; ; .¦-¦».-¦ "-¦'• ¦-.'.¦ ' •»Y'*/-" v.- : . ->v ¦*"**¦
¦ . ¦ .- ¦ - . . « . '..:}-..¦ - ' ¦ . . •'¦¦ •;•¦-¦•¦••¦.-•¦-
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL; TUESDAY, IMNUARY 7, 1902.
4
C
P ¦
Time
LW
Time ,-
Ftr sgaa Ft..
• r H'W -¦; '
7iJ0 "»I2« ~6^6
3.1 9:58 " 5.4
; . u "vv , .
4.5 4:30 3.2
4.7 5:10 3.1
4.7 5r52 3.0
4.7 6:40 .2.9
:4.8 7:32 2.8
4.9 8:31 ;-2.5
Time]
Time
h"w
iuzi
e&
7 •
8-
3:00
3:4S
H W
0:14
0:60
•1:24
1:56
2:25
- 3:00
4:21
4:50
H W
10.28
11:03
11:45
12:28
1:16
2:14
—0.2
—0.3
4.4
9
10
11
12
13
14 I
6.4
6.3
6.2
- 4.9
• 4:6
4.2
L..W
5:30
6:05
6:40
7:14
7:51
8:34
— 0.J
—0.5
0.(
0.5
o.:
¦ i.:
Steamer..
*;pe<aUnatiQn.
I Sails.
PJer.
Lakrr.e.....
N'ewb'urg.y
Argo. ... . .
Pomona ..».,
Curacao.
Czarina,:..
M; Dollar..
'State Cal..
Ban Jose .
O. Elder...
Hyades... .
Santiago. . .
Eureka. . ..
San Pedro.-
Homer.-. . . .
Nome City.
Strathgyle.
Arcata.....
1 ' ". January . 7. :
Astoria'.- & Portland.
Grays i Harbor ..'....".
Cbqullle River' ...'..
Humboldt ... TZ . . .'. .
Mexican Ports -. .. . . .
Seattle, fe'Tacoma..
' .. January 8.
Grays Harbor ......
San Diego & Way...
Panama' & .Way. Pts.
Astoria & Portland..
Honolulu & Kahului
Valparaiso & '.Way..
January 0. .'."¦
Humboldt '
Humboldt ..'..'. '•"•'.'.'.
Los . Angeles. Ports. .
San Diego .........
China & Japan...;..
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd
• ' : January. 10. .
Coos-Bay ¦'*...:...:.
AVillapa Harbor.....
Grays Harbor .....'.
Newport & Way Pts.
¦- ' < January * 11. /
Point 'Arena .". . ;.
China -& Japan....'.
Puget Sound Ports.'.
¦ - January 12. ¦
' San i Diego • & 'Way. .:
Seattle & Tacoma...
.^"January, > 13." >,
Astoria ?- & r Portland:
'"*¦¦ January 14.
Newport ' & Way . . : .
Humboldt •- . . . . . .'
; i January -15. '
Hamburg & 'Way. . .
CoquiUe- River......
12 m Pier :
1 5 pm Pier I :
4 pm Pier :
l:aOp|Pler ! :
10 am Pier 1
12 mPier
5 pm Pier-
9 am Pier 1
12 m|PMSS
11 am I Pier 2
3 pm Pier 1
12 mlPlerl
9 am Pier 1
4 pm Pier
.,...". Pier.;
2 pm Pier
12 ,m Pier 2
12 mPierl
5 pm Pier i
' 5 pm Pier :
5 pm Pier ' :
9 am Pier 1
«:.»•„. ->.v>.-.i-
2 pm Pier '¦
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier !
• 9 am Pier 1:
10 am Pier :
11 am Pier 2:
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier I :
.'.!.'.. Pier —
5 pm Pier , I
Empire... .
Rh-al :.-...'.
Sequpia .
Bonita. . . ..
Point Arena
City Peking
City Pueb}a
Santa Rosa
; Santa Ada'.
! Columbia:.
ICoos'Bay. .
j North Fork'
iHerodoV. . .-
iMandalay..,!
Steamer.
rom.
)u«.
Santa Barb. . San Pedro ........... . .
San Pedro. . . Humboldt • :
Eureka...... Hmnboldt .;..-...-•-.--
Newport- Panama & Way Ports..
City Puebla.. Puget Sound; Ports....
Sequoia. . ; : . . Grays Harbor
Bonita....... Newport & Way Ports.
Klval ;...... Naitelmo
Mineola Nanalmo ....,......'...
IDenderah.:.. Hamburg . & Way Ports
Arcata. . . . .^ . Cooa Bay- & Port Orford
Progreso. . ... Seattle "................
Titania.. ... . Nanalmo
Crescent City . Crescent City ...... ...
Asuncion .'. Tacoma
Chas. Nelson. Redondq-* ,\ i ¦
Empire .. CooS: Bay ' -". "'• ¦
Ft. Arena :. Point 'Arenas... .V. ,v. . . .
Banta Ana. . .', Seattle. .&.Tapoma....;'.. .
Santa Rosa :. v Sa.if Diego .&- Way Pts.
Washtenaw ;< . J&ct>raa."^-. ..... •¦• ..;.;...
Pomona.:. 3 ,.'.' Humboldt '. .;...*;.
Pleiades. . : : :• Oyeter Harbor . . .?. .-. '. .
Columbia....' Portland"* . Astorig.. . : .
Gaelic .~ China &¦ Japan..': r: :: . .
North Fork.V; Hyraboldf -,...•.'..•......
Coos Bay. ... Newport & Way ;Ports.
Rainier...:.. Seattle &"N. : Whatcom.
Mandalay. . . . Coqullle River •<:.¦:'¦. :.'. . .
State of Cal. .. San Dlegro & 4 Way; Forts
K. Dollar.,.'. : Seattle & Tacoma '...:.
Alliance. . . .•.'¦ Portland & VVay Ports.
Argyll...::;.. NcW/Tork via Panama.
J. S. Kimball'' Se'attJe'&iTacoma".'. ..•;¦»
G. \y. Elder),,' Ppf Ua$d : &;¦ Astoria... :". .;
Jan. 7
Jan.' 7
Jan. 7
Jin. 7
Jan." 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. . 7
Jan. 8
Jan. 8
Jan. S
Jan.. 8
Jan. 3
Jan. 8
Jan . 8
Jan. 8
Jan. 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 0
Jan. 0
Jan. »
Jan. 10
Jan . ¦ 10
Jan. : 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 11
Jan.nl
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan.. 13
Jan. in
Jan. 14
Jan. U
Jan .US
Steamer.
.. -.. < ;-. For.^;.;;^"^,-. Sails. ;
Valdex ,and ; Kodlak. .. . . Jan.- 7
Skagway & .Way Ports. Jan.- 10
Skagifvay/A Way. Port?. .Tan. 11
Bkagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Cooks ' Inlet &. Way, Pts. Jan.tl5
For.
Bertha. .'.Vt.'ij
Farallon ;...".
City Seattle..
Cottage City.'
E. : Thompson.
C
P ¦
Time
LW
Time ,-
Ftr sgaa Ft..
• r H'W -¦; '
7iJ0 "»I2« ~6^6
3.1 9:58 " 5.4
; . u "vv , .
4.5 4:30 3.2
4.7 5:10 3.1
4.7 5r52 3.0
4.7 6:40 .2.9
:4.8 7:32 2.8
4.9 8:31 ;-2.5
Time]
Time
h"w
iuzi
e&
7 •
8-
3:00
3:4S
H W
0:14
0:60
•1:24
1:56
2:25
- 3:00
4:21
4:50
H W
10.28
11:03
11:45
12:28
1:16
2:14
—0.2
—0.3
4.4
9
10
11
12
13
14 I
6.4
6.3
6.2
- 4.9
• 4:6
4.2
L..W
5:30
6:05
6:40
7:14
7:51
8:34
— 0.J
—0.5
0.(
0.5
o.:
¦ i.:
Steamer..
*;pe<aUnatiQn.
I Sails.
PJer.
Lakrr.e.....
N'ewb'urg.y
Argo. ... . .
Pomona ..».,
Curacao.
Czarina,:..
M; Dollar..
'State Cal..
Ban Jose .
O. Elder...
Hyades... .
Santiago. . .
Eureka. . ..
San Pedro.-
Homer.-. . . .
Nome City.
Strathgyle.
Arcata.....
1 ' ". January . 7. :
Astoria'.- & Portland.
Grays i Harbor ..'....".
Cbqullle River' ...'..
Humboldt ... TZ . . .'. .
Mexican Ports -. .. . . .
Seattle, fe'Tacoma..
' .. January 8.
Grays Harbor ......
San Diego & Way...
Panama' & .Way. Pts.
Astoria & Portland..
Honolulu & Kahului
Valparaiso & '.Way..
January 0. .'."¦
Humboldt '
Humboldt ..'..'. '•"•'.'.'.
Los . Angeles. Ports. .
San Diego .........
China & Japan...;..
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd
• ' : January. 10. .
Coos-Bay ¦'*...:...:.
AVillapa Harbor.....
Grays Harbor .....'.
Newport & Way Pts.
¦- ' < January * 11. /
Point 'Arena .". . ;.
China -& Japan....'.
Puget Sound Ports.'.
¦ - January 12. ¦
' San i Diego • & 'Way. .:
Seattle & Tacoma...
.^"January, > 13." >,
Astoria ?- & r Portland:
'"*¦¦ January 14.
Newport ' & Way . . : .
Humboldt •- . . . . . .'
; i January -15. '
Hamburg & 'Way. . .
CoquiUe- River......
12 m Pier :
1 5 pm Pier I :
4 pm Pier :
l:aOp|Pler ! :
10 am Pier 1
12 mPier
5 pm Pier-
9 am Pier 1
12 m|PMSS
11 am I Pier 2
3 pm Pier 1
12 mlPlerl
9 am Pier 1
4 pm Pier
.,...". Pier.;
2 pm Pier
12 ,m Pier 2
12 mPierl
5 pm Pier i
' 5 pm Pier :
5 pm Pier ' :
9 am Pier 1
«:.»•„. ->.v>.-.i-
2 pm Pier '¦
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier !
• 9 am Pier 1:
10 am Pier :
11 am Pier 2:
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier I :
.'.!.'.. Pier —
5 pm Pier , I
Empire... .
Rh-al :.-...'.
Sequpia .
Bonita. . . ..
Point Arena
City Peking
City Pueb}a
Santa Rosa
; Santa Ada'.
! Columbia:.
ICoos'Bay. .
j North Fork'
iHerodoV. . .-
iMandalay..,!
Steamer.
rom.
)u«.
Santa Barb. . San Pedro ........... . .
San Pedro. . . Humboldt • :
Eureka...... Hmnboldt .;..-...-•-.--
Newport- Panama & Way Ports..
City Puebla.. Puget Sound; Ports....
Sequoia. . ; : . . Grays Harbor
Bonita....... Newport & Way Ports.
Klval ;...... Naitelmo
Mineola Nanalmo ....,......'...
IDenderah.:.. Hamburg . & Way Ports
Arcata. . . . .^ . Cooa Bay- & Port Orford
Progreso. . ... Seattle "................
Titania.. ... . Nanalmo
Crescent City . Crescent City ...... ...
Asuncion .'. Tacoma
Chas. Nelson. Redondq-* ,\ i ¦
Empire .. CooS: Bay ' -". "'• ¦
Ft. Arena :. Point 'Arenas... .V. ,v. . . .
Banta Ana. . .', Seattle. .&.Tapoma....;'.. .
Santa Rosa :. v Sa.if Diego .&- Way Pts.
Washtenaw ;< . J&ct>raa."^-. ..... •¦• ..;.;...
Pomona.:. 3 ,.'.' Humboldt '. .;...*;.
Pleiades. . : : :• Oyeter Harbor . . .?. .-. '. .
Columbia....' Portland"* . Astorig.. . : .
Gaelic .~ China &¦ Japan..': r: :: . .
North Fork.V; Hyraboldf -,...•.'..•......
Coos Bay. ... Newport & Way ;Ports.
Rainier...:.. Seattle &"N. : Whatcom.
Mandalay. . . . Coqullle River •<:.¦:'¦. :.'. . .
State of Cal. .. San Dlegro & 4 Way; Forts
K. Dollar.,.'. : Seattle & Tacoma '...:.
Alliance. . . .•.'¦ Portland & VVay Ports.
Argyll...::;.. NcW/Tork via Panama.
J. S. Kimball'' Se'attJe'&iTacoma".'. ..•;¦»
G. \y. Elder),,' Ppf Ua$d : &;¦ Astoria... :". .;
Jan. 7
Jan.' 7
Jan. 7
Jin. 7
Jan." 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. . 7
Jan. 8
Jan. 8
Jan. S
Jan.. 8
Jan. 3
Jan. 8
Jan . 8
Jan. 8
Jan. 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 0
Jan. 0
Jan. »
Jan. 10
Jan . ¦ 10
Jan. : 10
Jan. 10
Jan. 11
Jan.nl
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan.. 13
Jan. in
Jan. 14
Jan. U
Jan .US
Steamer.
.. -.. < ;-. For.^;.;;^"^,-. Sails. ;
Valdex ,and ; Kodlak. .. . . Jan.- 7
Skagway & .Way Ports. Jan.- 10
Skagifvay/A Way. Port?. .Tan. 11
Bkagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Cooks ' Inlet &. Way, Pts. Jan.tl5
For.
Bertha. .'.Vt.'ij
Farallon ;...".
City Seattle..
Cottage City.'
E. : Thompson.
I A Sii^iple Internal Remedy MaKes i
ji Ren^ ; g
H People who have used teartfly recommend Stuart^ •'. "H
g sprays/ inhalers, salves and Catarrh Tablets, because they H
M have- contain no cocaine nor other If
M found how useless and incon- dangerous drug found in so Bj
H vehient they are r will be agree- many advertised catarrh cures* j|[
;|| ably surprised at results fol- I havekiiown of many xases Wr
M bwing the use of a pleasant, of long standing, catarrhof the ||;
i internal remedy in tablet form; head and throat completely P;
H druggists everywhere admit cured by the daily use of these |§
i that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets tablets for several weeks. One H
Q which they sell at 50 cents for case in particular, which I 9j-
II full-sized treatment is Ae could not reach with an inhaler If
1 11 safest most effective and pop- or spray and where the catarrh g
If ular of aU catarrh remedied ? caused:vdai|y : he^iath^
H' N^ Iossiof ;)i^fl^>was>4H
! H mixtures and throat lozenges 'entirely rcured by this harmless H
i contain opiates: the&f|jfr^
H medicines give a tem^raiy "1 M
H relief, especially ; with little never hesitate v to prescribe '
H children by destroying nerve Stuart f s Catarrh; Tablets for Ij'
H sensation; the irritation in catarrhal headaches and catar- ||
H . .,• throat, which causes coughing rhal deafness ;because- 1 know p|
| H is temporarily removed, not : them to^^b^^perfectly^safc for B
B'-. by removing the cause but by child or adult and have seen S;
II deaden in gthenerves;of feeling, -m^y.^-fa^&feablc f cures re- ||
H the irritatibn is; not felt al- sultibgtfn^yiieit regular dai- i :
¦ : B: ; 'vtfc^ and ly use;-Vbecause they^ are ad- S|
1 will promptly return/ drug i
|i- ¦ Stuart's Gatarrh ; Tablets stores is no reason why any H^
m is the best remedy to remove good physiciaji^ould not use W
H catarrhal secretion, whether in thembecatise we should seize m
m ti^|TOse/|ti^^o^ stomach upon the; JriieanSj rpf cure: 1 ;
g because they | :
I wholesome, antiseptics ; ;Red ' Stuart's . Catarrh Tablets 1 :
i Crum, Blood Root, etc., when are especially valuable for | :
mff^l^^§^^ taking; taste andmay be used freely to I
m^ colds and I
;iv or similar^ poisons tpund in so croup at the very beginning* 1
-H ' many catarrh cures and cough A tt f lf 1 i
'' :^W^^m^^^^;S^^^ All druggists sell the reme- |J
il^pE^^^^un^^ WgM cents for W§^ : 1
\ m on ca^arAif^es^ says: "I can ;P aclca 2 e * |
Coffee injures growing children
even when it is weakened. ; Grain-O
gives them brighter 7 eyes,' firmer
, flesh, quicker intelligence and hap-
pier dispositions. They can drink
all they want of Grain-O— the more
•the better— and it tastes like coffee.
. _ All crocers ; 15c and 25c -
THE^PURE \l JS
? GRAIN COFFEE
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEliENTS.
I Two Elements {
} \ cf pleasurabls social life >
£* are health and hospitality. \
1 ® Hunter s
1 1 JH Rye i
1 ji£&$L&£WfetK - Contributes to J
Wffi^ffi^m sician's and the )
? hosfsfirstchdics. )
> Superb FlaTor X
i ItistheAmerican A
[ mp^0} Gentleman's; ;C
1 <:iPISTV* WISE COXMIfiSIOS CO^Inc. S
) £27 Sansome St.. £an Franrfsco, CaL - ./•;
Telephone ilila S7&. . \
The "Dr. Mi^k. A 14 en Electric
Belt" (witn T&M? BUtpen sory) is
Kuarante?d - tw~ ¦ to, possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now meld "by doctors and drugsists. . It gives
a very strong current of electricity and Is
easily rezulated. Boun4 to supersede
others. Can b« had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS; XO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.' 208 Pest. st-. San Francisco, cr
11<5 Braadway., New i. Tork. >• ¦ >
Weekly Call,$1.00 per .YearMoya and Mascara, the two Cuban
stamp . clerks, testified that they had re
ceived surcharged stamps from Charles
F. Neely without making record there
of, that they had sold them and had given
the • money received therefor to Neely.
The two stamp clerks recalled about
eighteen Instances of such payments of
about $100 each. Moya said that Neely
made no secret of these transactions, and
that Neely's ¦ clerk received this money
when Neely was not present.
"W.-H. Reeves, one 'of the- defendants,
was. on the stand. for three hours. The
fiscal examined 'Reeves with - regard to
the paying of four duplicate warrants on
the Postofflce Department: from the pay
of the', employes- in July, .1899, when
Reeves was Deputy Auditor of Cuba, and
Involving about $8000. One set of war
rants had been, drawn about the middle
of the. month and another later, and tho
names > on them had been forged. Reeves
saldv that both sets of warrants had been
paid. 1 : He testified that Neely told him
that^he -had cashed these warrants. The
fiscal asked Reeves if in a previous state
ment to the court of first instance he had
not said that he himself had forged the
indorsement' to these warrants. ._ Reeves
refused - - to answer - ! this question."
HAVANA," Jan. 3.— At the continuation
of the trials of the. cases' arising from the
Cuban postoffice frauds in the Audencia
Court to-day Senors La Nuza and Desver
nine*. reappeared as counsel for Estes G.
Rathbone. ' : •¦ ,
Postoffice ; Tell of •
Gross .Frauds. .
Stamp Clerks in Cuban
MORE TESTIMONY
AGAINST NEELY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Admiral and Mrs.
Dewey left here, to-day for Palm Beach. Pla.
The length of their stay there la Indefinite, as
the trip Is undertaken for the benefit of -Mr*.
Dcwey'a health. They were accompanied only
by a maid and a valet.
.TAUNTON, Mass., Jan. . 6.-Harry
Townsend, cashier of the Bristol County
National Bank, it is reported, is $35,000
short in his accounts, the deficit having
been found to-night by" Bank Examiner
Ewer. The deficit is said to have been
due to speculation in cotton futures.
Townsend is under the eye of a United
States officer until the bank's affairs are
further investigated. The bank haa a
capitalization of $500,000. and according to
its December statement, the surplus was
$150,000 and the undivided profits $53,000.
One of the directors said to-nicht that
$35,000 is the outside figure of the defalca
tion and that the bank's surplus will
amply protect all Interests. The director
said also that when the irregularities were
called to Townsend's attention he ad-'
mltt'ed that he was short in his accounts
to the amount stated.. Townsend had
worked in the bank since he left school,
some twenty-live years ago. One of the
directors said that apparently the defal
cation-had been going on for two years
and that Townsend admitted this. The
figures found wrong were in balances with
all corresponding banks, presumably in
New York and Boston.
Uses Money of Deposit
ors to Speculate in
Cotton Futures.
BANK CASHIER
BETRAYS TRUST
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 6.— Justice
Brown of the Supreme Court to-day de
livered the -opinion In that court in the
case of Leo Alexandroff. the Russian sub
ject who is under apprehension in Phila
delphia on the charge of being- a deserter
from the Russian cruiser Variag, holding
that Alexandroff should be restored to
the • Russian Government.
Decision Against a Deserter.
Many Women Drowned.
CORUNNA. Spain, Jan. 6.-A bark ha?
capsized at the mouth of the River Ix»
zero and twenty-three -people/ mostly
women, hav; been drowned.
Continued From Page One.
Asfistar Naval Constructor J. E. Mc-
Donald is detached from Mare Island
yard and given three months 1 sick leave.
Army and. navy orders— The leave of
absence granted Second Lieutenant Wil
liam McE. Walton, Thirteenth Infantry,
was extended one month. Pay Director
L. JL.Thompson is detached from <3uty in
charge of the navy pay office at San
Francisco and assigned to' duty at the
pay office a': the Portsmouth <N. H )
yard. Pay Inspector J. R. Stanton Is as-*
signed to duty in the navy pay office, San
Francis=co.
California: Original— William H. Kish
baugh. Pasadena, $6; John L. Brown.
Guinda. ?6.
Washington: Increase— William D.
Switzer, Chcmey, $S.
These peniiions ¦were granted:
Bids were opened to-day at the Treas
ury Department for the glass and marble
mosaic work for the postoffice building
in San Francisco. The lowest bidder was
the Davidson Bros. Marble Company of
Chicago, $7*600.
Rural free delivery will be established
at Centerville, Klikitat County, Wash..
February 1. . .
¦WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— Laurence
Poundstone cvas commissioned postmaster
at G&ston. Xevada County, Cal.
Mosaic Work in Postoffice
Building.
Chicago i Finn Is Lowest Bidder for
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
- ; OF THE P ACiriC OOAST
Hepburn, will ask the -consent of the
House that the debate be limited to ten
hours. Hepburn hopes for a vote late
Wednesday afternoon or Thursday
morning. - • , .
"Those memebers of the Senate and the
House who have a thorough understand
ing of just what the ranama offer means
will not be affected in the least. Mem
bers who have not taken time to thor
oughly study the significance of the offer
may be slightly Influenced at the start in
its favor, but before the discussion of the
canal bill is closed I think tney will* have
sufficient information to warrant them in
sticking to the Nicaragua route, for the
House has already expressed a decided
preference. I firmly believe that when
the Panama proposition is thoroughly an
alyzed and its results known there will
be no trouble -between the Senate and the
House In agreeing on a bill ; which pro
vides for the Nicaragua route. . : -
A majority of the Senate Committee
on Interoceanic Canals can be safely
counted on by friends of the Nicaragua
route. All of the Democratic members
favor Nicaragua. They are Morgan, Cul
berson, Harris and Turner. Senators
Hawley and Platt of New York are also
in- favor of Nicaragua. It - is • presumed
that Senators Hanna, Mitchell. Kittridge,
Millard and Pritchard will be with the
majority when the issue comes.
The developments of to-day have not
been such as. to. give M.. Lampre much en
couragement. Representative Hepburn
said:
. CALL, BUJIEAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— M. Kduard
Latnpre, secretary general of the Panama
Canal Company, arrived in Washington
this evening to take charge of the nego
tiations lookine to the sale of the canal
property to the United States. He will
consult/ with Rear. Admiral-: Walker,
chairman of the Isthmian. Canal Commis
sion, -to-morrow; and about the time of
this meeting the House of Representa
tives will begin the debate on the Hep
burn Nicaragua canal . bill, which, will
probably be passed 'on *Vednesday or
Thursday. There is no ground yel for the
statement that the offer of tne French
company will make any great change in
the canal situation in Congress. ' .Many
members are in favor of giving the 'Pan
ama ofter tull consideration, but tne feel
ing in favor of the Nicaragua route is
very strong in both houses. ¦'•> -¦¦
Realizing tnis,, the tnenas of the, Pan
ama project are trying ¦ to oring about a
change in the programme, unaer wnicii
a Dili will be passeu Dy both houses pro
viding for tne construction of an isthmi
an canal ana matting the preliminary ap
plication theretor, but leaving tne selec
tion of a route to the President or a com
mission to t>e named by nim. 'lhis pro
gramme will not be approved by the
**resiaent and ' his Cabinet. Roosevelt
feels that it is not bis auty to select a
canal route. Congress must matte the
decision. . •
; 'ihe statement was' mado to-day by
Hepburn, cnairman qf the House Com
mittee on Interstate Commerce, that the
Panama company by the very fact that
it-offered- to- sell-to the -United States has
lost its charter and that now there is
nothing "the company can sell. This is
not the view taken by canal experts gen
erallv, * because the concession under
whicn the Panama company is acting
merely provides that it shall not sell or
mortgage—its -property - to • any- foreign
country. Furthermore, Colombia spe
ciflcally granted to the Panama company
authority to negotiate with the United
States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Supreme Court also refused to in
terfere in the case of Captain Oberlin M.
Carter. The decision was rendered in th«
proceedings instituted by- Captain Carter
for the -purpose of securing a writ of ha
beas corpus that would Telease him from
prison at Lcavenworth, . Kans. The case
originated in the United States Circuit
Court for th« district of Kansas, by which
petition for a writ was denied. . To-day's
opinion was .delivered by Chief Justice
Fuller and affirmed the opinion of the Cir
cuit Court - •¦•
VTe think tliat a fair Interpretation of th«
language used by the District Judge in prant
irg the appli :ation for the warrant of re
mcvsl shows beyond question that from the
evidence taken by the Commissioner, the
Judge wm of the opinion that there existed
probable ciuh and that the defendants there
fore (should be removed for trial before the
court in which the indictment was found. The
Judgv.says hi> did not express any opinion
whatsoever on the merits cf the case. "He was
not called upon to do so. It was sufficient:
if. all the evidence being taken. Into account,
there existed fuch probable cause for believ
ing the defendants guilty as to warrant their
removal for trial on the offense charged.-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— The United
Slates Suprene Court to-day affirmed the
decision of the United States Court for
the Southern District of Xew York in the
case of Benjamin Greene, John F. Gaynor,
William T. CJaynor and Edward H. Gay
nor. Greens and the Gaynors were
charged wltli being in complicity with
Captain O. M. Carter, now serving a term
in tne Unite a States prison at Leaveen
•worth, Kans., on the charge of defrauding
the' Government of a large sum of money
while superintending public works sit Sa
vannah, Ga. Greene and, the Gaynors
have Bought by habeas corpus proceed
ing^ In New York to avoid being sent to
Georgia for trial. The New York court
refused to grant the writ, and the opln
lcn rendered to-day confirms that verdict.
The opinion was delivered by Justice
Feckham.
Commentlrg on the action of the New
York court la ordering the removal of the
defendants to Georgia for . trial Justice
Peckham said:
PHEUN DISTRIBUTES LAST FAVORS
Provision is made for the registration of
all Chinese now in the United States, to
be completed within six months after the
passage of the act. Each registered Chi
nese shall have a certificate, with a pho
tograph attached, and those without cer
tificates at the end of six months shall be
deported.
The words "United States" wherever
used in this. act it is. provided -shall be
deemed to mean "the lands and waters
included in the United. States. and its Ter
ritories, the District of Columbia, Hawaii,
Porto Rico, the Philippines and any and
all other territory . or possession now
owned or hereafter acquired by the United
States." .
That no Chinese person being lawfully in
Hawaii or Porto Rico or the Philippines or
any other insular possession of the United
States shall by reason thereof be . entitled to
enter or remain In the United States or -any
territory of .the United States other than that
in which he was In the first instance permitted
to enter or remain.' :.'-'.?.
Several sections are devoted to ! provid
ing how Chinese laborers shall be regis
tered and provided with. certificates when
returning to this country. Certificates for,
any Chinese laborer are not good after
such i laborer has , been absent i for two
years. Domiciled merchants are com-,
pelled to file annually a full and com
plete report of the nature and character
of their business in order to better iden
tify them.. No Chinese except diplomatic
or -consular officers are allowed to. enter
ithe United. States at any other ports than
San Francisco,- Port Townsend, "Wash.;
Portland. Or.: Boston, New York, New
Orleans, .Honolulu, San Juan and Manila.:
or' such other ports as the Secretary of
the Treasury may designate. ' Po.rts may
be designated on the Canadian or Mexi
can boundary after- contracts have, been'
made with the transportation lines to,
comply with the act.
Provision is made for the inspection of
Chinese and enforcement of the provi
sions of the act under, the direction of the
Commissioner of Immigration; also for
the deportation of Chinese who come to
this country. Appeals from the Commis
sioner or his officers to the United States
courts are provided for. and - the . method
by which cases may be brought- to the Su
preme. Court is defined. . .
Following are the provisions relative to
Chinese in the islands: . ;
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The • Senators
and Representatives of thie Pacific Coast;
who have been considering a bill for Chi
nese exclusion, have perfected a measure
which will be introduced in both houses. in
a few days. It is much • more compre
hensive than, any of the bills that have
been presented heretofore on this subject,'
most of which simply provided for exclud
ing Chinese or re-enacting the Geary law.
The bill under consideration contains for
ty-five pages. It does not limit Itself , to
any term of years, as did the Geary act,
but if passed in;its present form would be
perpetual umess repeated.
The bill declares that all Chinese other
than citizens • of -the United States, or
those who are. secured In coming to and
residing, in the United States under the
present treaty with China, shall be re
fused admission and returned' to the coun
try whence they came at the expense of
the- transportation company bringing
them. Transportation companies bringing
Chinese to -the United -States shall detain
them until their right of admission shall
be ascertained. Penalties are provided' for
not complying with the provisions of ino
act," $i<KO line and one year's imprisonment
being the minimum, with a liability to
forfeiture of vessels-violating any of the
provisions of the law. The only.Cuinese
persons permitted to enter the United
States under the act are those who have
become citizens by birth and naturaliza
tion, officials of the Chinese Government;
teachers, students, merchants, traveler*
for pleasure or curiosity, returning labor
ers (*ho must have certificate) or domi-.
died merchants. Chinese coming as above
enumerated must have certificates with a
photograph attached. The Secretary of>
the Treasury is to ask the Chinese Gov
ernment for the list of names of all of-',
ficials other than diplomatic and consular
officers who desire to visit the United
States.. . - ' ;
Greene and the Gaynors Must
Go to Georgia to Be Tried
as Accomplices.
Asiatics in Our Island Pos
sessions Also Denied
Admission, r
Majority of the House and
; Senate Will Vote lor a
Nicaraguan Canal.
Does Not Limit the Term
of Exclusion; as Did
the Geary Act.
Refuses Writ of Habeas
Corpus for Impris
oned Captain.
Offer of the French Com
! pany Will Not Be .
Accepted.
PANAMA ROUTE
IS NOT FAVORED
CHINESE BILL
IS PERFECTED
COURT DECIDES
AGAINST CARTER
The Call's list of. contemplated remov
als'includes'the names of Assistant Sec
retaries Spauldlng, Ta.ylor and Kales;
Treasurer Ellis B. Roberts. and Commis
sioner of Immigration Thomas S. Fitchis.
It is said thatthe President has not yet
selected the successor of .- any of these
officers and will not do so until after Gov
ernor Shaw takes office. -No politicians
will be selected. '
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Governor: Shaw
of Iowa started west to-night to wind up
his affairs bo as to take charge of the
Treasury Department as Secretary. Janu
ary. 25. As a result of. Shaw's visit it can
be said that no change has been made In
the President's programme. for revolution
ary changes In the department. A shake
up-is coming under Governor. Shaw, -just
as it was to have come. had some one else
been named for Secretary.
cessors for the Officers to Be"
' 7r >. • Removed.'
MANY CHANGES TO BE MADE i •
IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT
President Has Not Yet Selected Svic-
To enter a decree quitting the title of the
United States to an -equal, undivided moiety In
all alternate sections within the place or grant
ed limits of the Atlantic & Pacific in Califor
nia, so far as those limits conflict with the like
limits of the Southern Pacific, excepting there
from those lands -In- respect to which there has
been some, prior adjudication, and to '-dismiss
the bill as to other lands without prejudice to
any future suit or action. . - '
WASHINGTON, - Jan. 6.— In an opinion
handed down by Justice Brewer of the
United States Supreme Court to-day the
cross appeals of • the Southern^ Pacific
Company. : against, the • United States
and the United States against the
Southern, Pacific Company, involving the
validity of "certain portions* of -the -land
grants to the. rail road- company;; were, de
cided:- The -cases involved a portion 1 erf
the Southern Pacific grant which • con
flicted with the Atlantic and Pacific grant.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit was reversed in 'both
cases and the case remanded with the fol
lowing instructions: .
Stat'es and ' Southern Pacific '
;;'-• ' ' Case's.:' .' \ : ¦' v ¦ "
Reverses the Judgment in the United
SUPREME C0TTRT DECIDES
, TKEi LAND GRANT APPEALS
The Secretary concludes his letter with
an extract from the report of the Audi
tor of the Treasury for the Navy Depart
ment, showing the "status of the- prize
money and bounty cases yet unsettled,
owing to delays in. the courts; and pre
dicting a settlement- within the year.
On this point the Secretary says the de
partment itself was the first to realize
the inequalities of this law and to make
the recommendation which led to" its re
peal, so that "a rather amusing feature
cf the attacks made upon:. the Navy. De
partment is ' that ¦ the j administration is
blamed more than two. years after it had
cured the evil." , .
As comniander-in-chief . Admiral . Sampson
would, therefore, under the law, have been en
titled to his share of the bounty, for the de
struction of the Spanish ships at Santiago if
he had- been on the north shore of Cuba at the
time. This was the law, for which the Navy
Department is in nowise responsible. . • ¦;. " ¦. j
Touching' the' claim of Admiral Samp
son for bounty at Santiago, the-Secre
tary says that. the distribution was made
under a decree of ¦ the Court of Claims,
which he cites, and from which no ap
peal was taken. He further points put
that, under the prize laws, the comman
der-in-chief of the fleet Is entitled to "one
twentieth" of the bounty by virtue of his
position as commander-in-chief , . whether
he is personally present during the en
gagement or not. Says the. Secretary:
The Secretary . declares that the criti
cism that the department has discrimi
nated in favor of Admiral Sampson and
against Admiral Schley in the distribu
tion of prize money and bounty is unjust;
because the department has no' control
over the matter, the money being distrib
uted from the treasury, and all questions
of law and fact relative to prize and
bounty having been determined by th«
courts. The Secretary calBs • attention to
the laws touching prize and bounty as
they existed at the beginning of the
Spanish war, and says that, though ad
vised by the Attorney General that it
might make a' distribution, the' Navy De
partment preferred to place . the matter
in the Court of Claims, and so far from
displaying . favoritism adopted -the .most
effective means in its power to secure a
just determination by courts of law od
the rights of all concerned.. ¦ • ; . .
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Secretary Long
has addressed to Senator Knute Nelson
of Minnesota along letter defending the
Navy Department against .what Is .„- de
clared to be unfriendly criticism in con
nection with - the distribution of : prize
money and bounty. The letter is called
forth by one from the Senator asking for
information on this point for the use of a
Western 'newspaper. ¦. \ • ;
Explains the Law Governing
the Distribution of Prize "
Money.
Says That the Attacks
on the Navy Depart
• ment Are Unjust.
LONG REPLIES
TO CRITICISMS
LISBON, Jan. 6.— The British': steamer
Alfonso, from Newport November 15- for
Gibraltar,' and the. Spanish* steamer. Vllelf
va, -both loaded with coal.'^collided during
the night of January. 4 off Aveiro, Portu
gal. Both vessels f sank. ' ,, Eighteen - ,- man'
of the Alfonso and. One. man belonging >to'
the Vllelva i were drowned. .." Twenty- four
members '» of "- the '. Vilelva's crew and the
captain of the Alfonso were picked up. i „
Members of the Crews Are
~ . ' Drowned.
Both Vessels Sink and ; Nineteen
COAL LA!DEN STEAMERS
COLLIDE IN THE j. DARKNESS
The Board of Aldermen, after organiz
ing- by 'electing Mclnnes/ fusionist, .vice
chairman of the board, adopted by accla
mation a resolution asking the. Mayor to
furnish to the board whatever information
he may have regarding the alleged at
tempt at bribery in order that, if such an
attempt had -been 1 made.- prosecution of
the offenders may be instituted.
I do not ; know whether these charges pub
licly made are founded on truth, history, or fic
tion. The public are entitled to know. If. 1
after r investigation,', you . find them true, the
guilty one ought to be indicted and to receive
severe' punishment and the merited disgrace
which our law provides for such crimes. If, on
the other hand, you.- after Investigation, shall
find s them wholly unsupported in fact, then
those who gave - currency to such ' baseless yet
serious charges should.be held up to the com
munity as alarmists and worthy of rebuke.
Such statements, if unfounded, . serve only; to
bring our government and our institutions and
our public officers Into groundless \ suspicion
and disfavor. : .. ,v* - ';jv Q'U~;\\ ;
In charging the January Grand Jury to
day Judge Foster took notice of the state
ment put forth by-, officers -of the; city
government last week that : attempts had
been, made to j bribe fusion members of
the Board . of Aldermen to vote with the
Democratic members in the organization
of the board. He said: • '- ', : ii'^iZ*~
" If during the next two years any citizen '«r
any employe' of the city pays money illegiti
mately either to avoid injury or inconvenience,
or to secure his rights, he will do it because
he wants to and not because he must/ No
one, from the : largest corporation to the,poor
est bootblack, need pay one dime for protec
tion from harm or to secure Just -treatment at
the hands of the city government. No laborer
or other employe need part with one cent of his
salary to any one, either in or out of the city
government. Any one asked to make improper
payment for any purpose, haa only to report the
tact to the Mayor toibe sure of protection and
redress. ' With the co-operation of the citizens
and of l the .city employes, j the whole foul sys
tem can be broken up. ' , • " -
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Mayor Low sent
his first message to the. Board of Alder
men-'to-day. ¦ It was briSf and the only
subject treated thereof was blackmail in
the civil administration, In the stamping
out- of which he said- he desired the co
operation; of the people of the city. The
message says: . , • . ';
New York's Mayor In
'. tends, to; Break Up
v Blackmail.
NO PROTECTION
MONEY, SAYS LOW
Railroad traffic between Peking and
Pao Ting Fu, except on the court's busi
ness, has been congested since the arrival
of the court at Pao Ting Fu. Special
trains for two days past have been bring
ing the court's baggage . here. Official
business monopolizes the telegraph lines
and the postal service to Pao Ting Fu.
Many. foreign soldiers and a few officers
to-day violated the Government's request
to keep off the streets, which have been
cleaned, and decorated for the royal pro
cession.' This is likely to create resent
ment. '.:
The, foreigners are divided into two fac
tions concerning the future relations of
the; diplomats with the r-court, one hold
ing that -the relations should be limited
to the fulfillment of 'the most formal ob
ligatory ceremonies and the other holding
that in official i and social relations the
Ministers should endeavor to be mor« in
timate with the court than formerly and
should meet all Chinese advances in the
most friendly spirit.
' The : families of. the- foreign diplomats
will occupy the, buildings which the Chi
nese Government has tendered them for
the purpose of viewing the parade. There
is ; much- criticism of this, course: among
the foreigners, who are not satisfied with
the fact that the Ministers alone are to
remain in the legation. They believe that
the event should be complet^y ignored.
They say that the presence of any mem
bers of -the legations will be construed
as. being a sortyof homage to the court
and will be ' thus proclaimed among the
people. • .
PEKING, Jan.' 6.— The Chinese . officials
have requested the Ministers of the pow
ers to keep: the. legation guards v within
their quarters to-morrow in order to pre
vent the possibility of a collision between
the, Chinese and foreign troops on the oc
casion of« the court's return to Peking.
The Ministers will comply.
Everything in Readiness
I fbr Reception of the \ .
¦ Chinese-. Court.
PEKING ASSUMES
HOLIDAY ATTIRE
District Attorney . Bylngton has ¦ an
nounced that Warrant, and Bond Clerk
Peery will be removed and his. place given
to Tim Fitzpatrick. the present assistant
warrant.and bond.clerk. ¦ In regard to the
rumor .that Porter Ashe would succeed
Eugene Deuprey as Assistant-District At
torney Byington is non-committal, i ; '--
The present Police Court Clerks expect
to be. retained, but it is • rumored , that
there may be one or perhaps:two changes.
Rice and Con way are said to be all right,'
but Fenton and Casey may get the ax.
Police Judges vConlan and ;¦ Fritz, who
were re-elected, ad.iourned court for a few
mintites " at noon ; yesterdav "and i resumed
business again 1 , under the new administra
tion, so : that no question could be raised
as to the time they should begin" the t new
reign.- .They- will." do -the same thing' at
noon to-morrow. * '¦' . ¦":"••'."-'
.Frank French, who lost his district In
the last election and has but little chance
of succeeding Rudolph Herold 'on the
Harbor Board, will . go into the County
Clerk's office as chief deputy. '
William J. Herrin. who retires from the
Sheriff's attorneyship to give place Ho
George D. Squires, is in no way connected
with William F. Herrin of the Southern
Pacific and late of the Market-street sys
tem. Occasionally an impatient disciple
of the railroad Herrin gets the other Her
rin on the 'phone and begins to relate his
political troubles, but a word of admoni
tion from the gentleman receiving -'the
message causes the politician to "hang
Up."/ v < " .¦ ¦• ¦¦ :¦-¦¦>¦ ;£'.-.;...
It is almost if not quite settled that Wil
liam Wilkinson will be appointed to the
responsible position of chief deputy under
Auditor Baehr. Something may happen
between this time and to-morrow noon
to change the programme, but the indica
tions are that Mr. Wilkinson will go in
when Mr. Baehr enters. »
Since Phelan's scheme to displace Rus
sell, while he lay on his deathbed was
exposed in these columns another formid
able candidate for the position has ap
peared in the person of John A. Behan,
who has been assistant clerk of the board
for the last two years, and who was ap
pointed acting- clerk during Mr. Russell's
illness. While it- is reported that Fay has
the promise of eleven votes, it is certain
that the remaining seven are in favor of
Behan. Two or three of Fay's votes are
considered lukewarm, and when the time
for action comes they may transfer their
support to Behan.
The newly elected Board of Supervisors
met in caucus yesterday and agreed on
the following committees:
Artificial Lijiht— Wilson. Dwyer. McClellan.
. Charities and Corrections— Lynch, Sanderson
Eggers. ' . ¦ . . , ; - , , . -.,-.'
Charter . Amendments— Bent, Brandensteln
D'Ancona. . ' : . .
Civil Service — Alpers, D'Ancona, Lynch.'
Education — Payot,'. D'Ancona, A! per a . .
Equalization of Assessments — Wynn. Curtis
Connor. ¦ . , . • .
Finance— Brandensteln, Wilson, Dwyer.
Fire— Dwyer, Wllgon, Lynch. ...
Hospitals and Health — D'Ancona Payot Al
pers. . . ' '
Judiciary — Comte, Brandensteln/ Booth
Licence and' Orders — McClellan, Bent," San
derson. - ' • : - . •
Outside Lands— Ejgers, Payot, McClellan
Police— Boston, Eggers. Curtis. . . :
Printing and Salaries — Booth, Wynn, Bent; i
Public Buildings — Sanderson, Braunhart,
BOOth. '; . . ;
Public Utilities-^-Braunhart, Bozton ¦ Connor,
Dwyer, Wynn, Curtis, D'Ancona. . ¦
Streets, Sewers and Parks — Curtis, Connor
Braunhart. '
. Waterways— Connor, Comte, Boston.
Wharves and .Water Front — Payot, Alpera
McClellan. V
pointed. to succed the. late John A. Rua
sell as clerk of the board. The pro
gramme was to elect Charles "W. Fay to
the position at yesterday's meeting, but
Mr. Russell's death caused a postpone
ment, as some of the Supervisors would
not listen to the selection of a successor
to a. man whose funeral was about to
occur. : ¦ - - . . , ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, -1902.
5
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE. EMPOBITTM.
X K*M*MK», »M**.W.Kr.K*X »jr*KKK*>»M**K*.»*VMVjtv. s^m^r^KW «MW»JSWl W.»t *.*»>.*«* ****** ****** X
\Aftriuaitet<Bah-up.Salo |
$ Astonishing reductions have been made in prices that yere the lowest in Cali- J
J _ i fofnia on many .lines of— $
| >, Dress Goods Embroideries Ladies' Jackets |
| Silks .Table Linens g Ladies' Dresses .1
| Shoes Towels \ Ladies' Skirts i
|gpVlen;MSlT|)e^ -Blankets Muslin Wear |
| Furniture Bedspreads; Children's Wear \
\ Crockery House Furnishings Tableware
»: Curtains underwear ' , . -Hosiery 5
| ¦ Etc^: Etc. fEtc. Etc. I
J . -; Read detailsin -last Sunday's papers—more details 'and prices in Wednesday's £
K- —papers.' Gonw to-day. '. • ivr:r:^-r<> ' S
I '¦ ; 1 W S i THE FMIM1DIII1JI $
J£ •; -,>: •,-¦¦* AnvcricaTa Ora.r>dd cat -Store. J
SC *•*'**** 'A***'**'*'***-*'*-**'**'*'*******'* "******'*«**A*JK4**-4*J i *A*A*-* W4Xifo\*VXHMttWn&fyfyfyi%
iTRppp tn Wah ! I
II wv trvr JLvaCII • I
H Are you a weakling? Are you one of those unfortu- ||
H nate young men who, through ignorance and bad com- ||
H pany, have contracted nervous spells, weak back, varico- ra
H cele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition/ f|
B loss of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and weak- ' fM
H ness? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. |*§
Cn Are you a middfe-aged man suffering from varicoccle, prema- N|
JH turencss. indigestion, constipation. rheumatism, lame back, etc.? Dr. B
JH McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure vou. W
H| Are you an old man. declining: before your. time, havine lost R
H all ability to enipy life, with prostatic trouble, lost strenjrth, debil- R
H ity. pains and aches, and general decay of organic powers? I can 6
PI cure you witli Dr.- McLaughlin's Electric Belt with free suoens©ry Eg
69 for weak men. ¦ .' ..Vv r ;"- \ - %
HH Twill send you. sealed, free, my beautiful book tellinar aboutit E
P§ if you will send this ad. ; Send for : it to-day. r £ ;{ : •; "3J
f dr. m, c. Mclaughlin, 7o2 Ma »™ K?ar "'|
g» Office Hours— 8 a. m.' to 8:30 p. m. . Sundays. 10 to 1.' -"V ¦ j$q
1 '•- ' '" ' " ¦ ¦ j ¦ '- ' •' '
PnB^ffii^Sn -^^iJcBw|Mpcm
\ ... - ' ' . •
The greatest train ? across ths continent. High spe;d combined with
high-class accommodations have madj it ths most papular with travelers.
From San Francisco/ da ; ly, 9 A. M.
City Ticket Office, 641 Market St,
h Ean Francisco. Tuesday, J 7 January, : 1302.
I" Roxbury "tapestry
carpets 75 cents
o— . : o
; Brisk buying in our carpet store since the first of the new
j'Kr. Proves that the significance of our unusual offer is keenly
appreciated. This is what we had hoped for. We propose to
cultivate your confidence by giving REAL VALUES — that
when you read our special announcements you will come to
I our store with the assurance that the bargain is GENUINE.,-
Any one who knows anything about floor coverings will
reiidily be convinced of our sincerity when they have seen the
ex:ellent line of Roxbury Tapestry Carpets we are now offer-
ing: at 75 cents the yard, sewed, iined and laid upon your floor.
Our entire line of this particular grade of carpets is included in
this offer — bright, smart, fresh : looking patterns— not a few
I shopworn pieces: Quality is guaranteed in every instance. a
And bear in mind we show every one who comes in the R
same goods' and every pattern in the line — the price is 75 cents fl
the yard to everybody, without exception. \
Come in and look over our Roxbury line. Buy or not, as «
you choose — courteous treatment in either case. .:.-.'- '<¦¦':'¦ ¦ fl
O O fl
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.) 1
| 957 to 977 MarKct Strcst, Ooo. Golden Gate Av2nu2. I
No Time 1o Lose
You cannot afford to 'disregard .
the warnings of a weak and ¦
diseased heart and put off tak-
ing the prescription of . the ;
world's • greatest authority on 3
heart and nervous disorders—
w Heart Cure;
If your heart palpitates, flutters,
or you are short of breath, have
smothering- spells, pain in left
side; shoulder or arm, you have
heart trouble and arc; liable to
drop dead any moment. ¦ j
' ' Major J..W. Wobdcockr one of the*
best known oil operators in the coun-
try dropped dead from heart disease '
recently, at his home in Portland, Ind., I
i t» hlla mowing his lawn.— The Prut.-* -. ,
Mrs. M. A: Birdsal^ Watkiiis, N. Y.,'
whose portrait '¦ heads- thh advertise-
ment, say*: \ "I write this through grat-
itude for benefits I received from Dr.
' Miles' Heart Cure. ' I Jiad: palpitation
of the heart, severe : pains . under the
left ": shoulder, and my ; general . health .
- was miserable. , A : few Dottles of Dr. • •
*. Miles'Heart Cure cured me entirely." -.
Sold by all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Cd-VEIkhart, Ind. v-TUESDAY JANUARY 7, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
t-tirtts All reacrc!ealioa* (0 W. S. LEASE. Jfftt»;e?.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»s 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steremoii St.
Telephone Tress 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
5!njrle Cople*. S Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Poitasei
DAILY CALL OnclufllnR Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL, flndudine Bandar), < j. anths J.00-
DAILY CALL «nclndin* Sunday). S month*... 1.50
1>AILY CALL— By Single Month ". «Se
fXTICDAY CALL. One Year l.».
WEEKLY CALL. One Year - *•»
AH po«tmaater« are anthorlzed to receive
¦ubucrtptlon*. -
Eaxnple copies ¦will be lorwarded when reqneeted.
Man mbscTlbers In orderlr.r change of nfldrew should b«
t Articular to eive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a proir.pt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 11X8 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS.
KiU£» Fcrtign Acvtrtijicp. Mirqnette Bnilftiag, CUetga.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 261*.")
NEVP- YORK CORRESPONDENT: .
O. C CAJftl/TOST .Eterald Rqaare
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .30 Tribune Bull dins
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL ;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
l^fmont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOS (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1408 G St.. H. W.
MORTOX E. CRAM:. Correspondent.
imAXCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until >:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, cpen until f:W o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
f :S9 o'clock, mi Mission, open until 10 o'clock, SSI Market,
comer Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 1 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
Z200 Plllonor*, open until 9 p. m. ¦ -
"Oh. that was done so if a cow got on
the track he would have two first-class
sponsors to introduce him to St Peter."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"On Plerpont Morgan's 275-mile rail
road ride In 270 minutes he had two
bishops with him." •.'« J
"It tells all about the ordinary moon
and Its various quarters," replied the lit
tle lady, "but It doesn't say a word
about the honeymoon." — Chicago News.
"Mamma," said 6-year-old Clara, who
was looking at an almanac, "this book's
no good."
"Why, dear," asked her mother, "what
seems to be wrong with It?"
Willis— What makes you so blue. Wal
lace?
Wallace-Why shouldn't I be blue? A
fellow offered J1Q0 for a case of catarrh
he couldn't cure and I let him try his hand
on me.
Willis— Well, what of It?
"i Wallace-Why.t he- cared me.- confound
It!— Harlem Life.
We were, speaking of the sagacity of
dogs.
The conventional story of the pointer
which pointed upon the near approach of
a man by the name of Partridge had Just
been told.
"That reminds me," Smithson remarked,
"of a dog I once owned. One day when
I had the dog with me I met a man by
the name of Vogel, but the dos didn't do
a thine!"
"And why was this?" we clamored
eagerly,
"Because," replied Smithson, "the dog
was an Irish setter and didn't understand
Dutch!"
Here the house stood for a round. De
troit Journal. S'.'.
"Well." mused the Defeated Pugilist,
"I have one consolation. The people who
elevate the stage wUl nave to spend
nearly all their receipts in my saloon
while they are telling what a hand they
got after the third act."— Baltimore Amer
ican.
She—Why don't you have women on the
professional ball nines? '
He — Oh, you know there Is a rule that
the players are not allowed to talk back
to the umpires!— Yonkers Statesman,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Mr. Freud leaves a wlfd and tv/o chil
dren, Robert and Harold, aged 12 and 9
years, and his mother. His mother is IS
years of age and resides In Santa. Bar
bara. Arrangements for bis funeral are
now being made.
He Interested F. W. Dohrxnatra and a
number of 'other prominent merchants In
the formation of a Merchants' Associa
tion, was elected its secretary and aoon
took a guiding hand in Its affairs, bring
ing It to ita present satisfactory condi
tion. When the new charter was adopt
ed Freud was an earnest advocate | of
civil service and did much toward draft
ing the various sections governing that
body.
<He was appointed a Commissioner by
Mayor Fhelan when he .assumed office
under the new charter.
Mr. Freud was born In New Torlc City
In 1S57 and came to San ' Francisco In
1863. He graduated from the University
of California in 1878, receiving the decree
of bachelor of arts. Soon after gradu
ation he started a library in this city, for
the benefit of working people, which later
developed into the present Free Library.
At the age of 21 he was elected a. dele
gate to the convention which framed tho
present constitution of the State. He rep
resented the Workingmen's party and ad
vocated the sections which have pro
vided for the revenue of the university.
Afterward he interested himself in muni
cipal affairs, gave up the business In
which he was Interested, took up the
study of law and was admitted to prac
tice in ISM.
The commission ordered that the en
trance to its rooms be draped in mourn
ing and then adjourned.
Mrs. Freud is seriously ill at the French
Hospital and has not as yet been ap
prised of the death of her husband. Nona
suspected that Mr. Freud was 111 and. the
announcement of "his death in the morn
ins papers yesterday cam© as a great
shock to the community.
copy Be eent to the family of the lat© president
of this commission.
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSIONERS
DO HONOR TO A LATE ASSOCIATE
'¦_, Dr.' .Stanford's Liver Invigqrator.
Beat ; LJverMedlcine.VegetableCure forLtverllla,'
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation," Malaria.
, Since: scats in the New : York Stocky Exchange
which } were • sold for $500 some thirty years ago i are
now : selling for $80,000, : it might ;. be worth' while for
aspiring young men to invest in •three or four and
grow up with tb^n* . /^^^^^| : !i '¦;-''.
.The. Columbia River, of Canada- is 1400
miles in ; length ; the stream " of. the - same
name in", Oregon is 600. ~%%
Mr. Carnegie is said to have positively refused to
:ontribute any of his millions to found an endowed
:heater, so the nation ewes thanks for what he doesn't
i-o as well as for what he does
¦ ¦: Special i Information . ' supplied ': dally to
business >: houses - and ; public, men* by^th^
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's),- 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone, Main 1042. . :-• .¦'
Mr. Lawson has been moved by the attack of the
topper trust to define a* trust as art "industrial sky
irraper ifrith its base resting on water," and the defini
tion seems to be accurate; enough to be acceptedby
:'he dictionaries. "
-;, It is said that upward of 150 students of- the Uni
versity of ;, Moscow were recently dismissed because
they "demanded textbooks, less than twenty 'years old.
In , that country the money of fond parents is" not
wasted in buying: new books. '
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Choice candies.^Townserid's, Palace Hotel.*
Now that the revolt against Castro in Venezuela
bas found a leader and obtained arms we may expect
:!ie news from the country to become as interesting
is the reports of a football game, or as amusing' as
:"ae libretto of a new comic opera.
The fight in New York between Perry- Belmont
and Boss Croker has now become so warm that Bel
mont has found it necessary to say that since .Croker
has had : so much : experience in the prize '¦ ring . he
ought to know how to fight fair. Evidently the Boss
hasbeen landing below the; belt and there is need
for a referee.,. - ••. - : ?'[] .
It is reported that there has been invented at Dres
den a method of making, malt from rice much cheaper
f.ian from barley, and the time may come when the
thrifty man can get two beers for a nickel.' The new
:entury opens with bright prospects.
In the direction of .street work the directors of the
association have obtained/ permission from the. Board
of Public Works for paving a crossing at Pine and
Batteiy streets with vitrified brick. The brick re
quired for the purp'ose is' to, be 'provided by the as
sociation, ahdithe work' is to^be. done under the di
rection of the Board' of Public Works. It is further
It is added that there is a further proposition ad
vanced'to acquire about fifty-one acres' for a public
park, to include Twin Peaks. All of these various
proposals for improvement have been . studied by
the directors of the Merchants' Association, and the
Review in summarizing- the. result. of' their investiga
tions says: "Upon the question of the improvement
of the sewers, schools, county hospital and provi
sion for an additional parkjin'the Mission, a chil
dren's playground in the thickly inhabited' district
neighboring Harrison and ' Bryant streets, as^well as
the necessary repavement of many streets, there can
be no reasonable division .of opinion. Upon the
other propositions public sentiment does not appear
to be unanimous, and our board of directors will hold
further conferences with the Board of Supervisors."
• Total $10,446,0C0
We may have beenNinjust to the Turk after all.
Consul Norton, who is stationed at Harput, says that
within his district there haveN been sold 322 Ameri
can sewing-machines and that the British j and ; the
German "machines have been driven out ¦ of the mar
ket. It will 1 be seen the old Mussulman has business
sense after all. '; - ' '
PRIVY COUNCIL-Pioneer. City. The
privy council of England Is a body of per
sons nominated by the sovereign without
any patent or grant, and who, upon tak
ing the oath of office, are at once quali
fied members. A privy | councilor must be
a British subject, and as he is created by
the sovereign, so he can be removed from
the list at his pleasure. It is customary
td include in this body the royal Princes
and the Archbishops; several of the prin
cipal officers of state and of the house
hold become privy councilors by virtue of
their office; -: the principal Secretaries of
State are, of coarse, sworn of the council
before they can -take part In the delib
erations of the select body which is
known as the Cabinet Council; the Judge
Advocate General is always Included, and
the rank is bestowed upon Embassadors
and the principal Colonial Governors and
frequently upon respected politicians* who
have never been in office as an honorary
distinction. ; It ' is . composed of about 200
members. Its administrative functions
are exercised . chiefly by . committees as
the. Board of -Trade, the Local Govern
ment Board, etc. The Judicial Committee
of the Privy Council : Is composed of the
Lord. President. Lord Chancellor' and
others; has appellate jurisdiction- : politi
cally the importance of the Council has
been superseded by a committee of Min
isters belonging . to it, called • the cabinet.
Privy Councilors have the title of ¦"Right
Honorable,'.' - and rank Immediately after
the Knights of the Garter. uiaieiy atler
STAMPS— W. R., Santa Rosa, Cal. A"
stamp cut from an embossed envelope la
not a stamp that the United States postal
authorities receive in payment of postage.
such a stamp Is pasted on an en
'velope the letter is delivered, but the in
dividual to whom it is addressed has to
pay the postage.
According to a report from Washington the term
"wireless telegraphy" is altogether unsatisfactory to
the officials of the army signal corps, and they have
decided to adopt the word "aerogram" to signify a
message sent by the Marconi system. . It is dollars to
doughnuts, however, that the thing will continue to
be best known as "wireless;" ¦ ¦"•.':'' \ i K
:, J.de Morgan, the French Egyptologist,
about jj six years [ ago discovered in brick
vaults near Cairo a number of boats that
are! certainly as old as the date at which
the ark was built, , and perhaps a • bit
older. ' They i'are, it is true, but , small
craft, measuring 33 feet long, 7 or S feet
wide and 30 to 36, inches deep. 1. They re*
semble in general form the pictures paint
ed by early: Egyptian artists, which show
what boats were used seventy and even
'eighty centuries j ago. And to-day, when
the fellah , steps aboard his small ; oar
protelled skiff, he uses a vessel the shape
of 1 which has been little improved during
the ages. that have past since the shep
herd kings ruled the valley^of the Nilev
It is popularly supposed that Noah's
ark Is the first ship of .which we have any,
record, but Egypt; that land of mysteries
and surprises, shows paintings of boats
that were" built and navigated, at .a far
earlier period \ than 2840 B. • C, which is
the date usually assigned to the flood. It
may have been one of hen boats thus pic
tured that provided Noah land his three
sons with a ' proper ¦ model for ,the ark,
though the * proportions ¦ must- have, been
different or fewer animals must have ex
isted. v-iiv; > ¦¦;'¦'¦? ¦ ' ¦• ~. , -¦ V-
v Boats-.Before the Atk.
COMMUNITY— Subscriber, Bakersfleld,
Cal. The law of California says that the
husband has the right to dispose of the
community property just as he has the
right to dispose of his separate "property,
having absolute control of the same, and
may dispose of it as he. pleases, except
as to testamentary disposition.
Notwithstanding all the expressions of anti-British
feeling on' the Continent the London Times boldly
declares there are no two nations among them who
like one another any .better than they like the. British,
and consequently there is no danger of any alliance
to help the Boers. The statement is probably true,
for, judging from all reports, the nations* of Europe
are so jealous they do not like even us.
MICHAEL— M.S., City. The meaning
of - Michael is God's power. . Michael la
classed as the .protector and guardian of
the Jews and messenger of peace and
plenty. That he was their protector and
guardian . angel appears from a reading
of Daniel, x:13-21 and x!i:L
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The following
Californians registered to-day at the ho
tels: At the Shoreham— N. Hutchinson of
California. At the New Willard— George
W. Ford Jr. of San Rafael and James
Boyne of Sah Francisco. - At the Raleigh —
M. J. Humphrey and wife of San Fran
cisco and W. H. "., Workman of Los An
geles. At the Normandie— Senator Thom
as R. Bard. At the Metropolitan— H. P.
Cary of Los Angeles. V :'v->r-.
Californians in .Washington.
The current number of the Merchants' Association
Review compiles the projected improvements involv
ing bond issues in this tabular form:
1— Sewer System ........$ 5,600.000
2— School Houses and Sites 2,055,000
3— New City and County Hospital ...;... 500,000
4 — Children's Playground ..:...';.. .......... 22#,040
5— Mission Park 270,000'-.
6— Addition to Lafayette Park 200,000
7— Park and Presidio Extension 268,000
8— St. Mary's Park 125,000
'9— Library Site (Mechanics' Pavilion).'.... 650,000
iO— Telegraph Hill Improvements '..... 554,020
1 . . ¦ ,
MANY propositions in the direction of public
improvement are now under consideration.
San Francisco starts the new year with big
ideas of municipal betterment. Some of these in
volve bond issues, and some are to ' be undertaken
largely by voluntary contributions, while others are
expected through the regular methods of public
work. In the aggregate they constitute an impressive
scheme of improvement, and even if we see but a
part of them attained or only undertaken during the
year we shall have at. the beginning of 1903 a much
better San Francisco than we- have to-day. ¦ .
COIN QUESTIONS— T. M. G., Motles
to, and Subscriber! City. A half-dollar
of 1829 is not a premium coin. - Coins of
that date can be purchased for 75 cents.
A $20 piece of 1S79 is not classed as a pre
mium coin. Nor Is a 3-cent piece of 1S83
or a cent piece of 1859. ,
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
"WHAT CAN BE COLLECTED— S..
City. If a laborer has a claim against a
firm that has been attached for wages
due him, and there is an execution, he is
entitled to receive from the proceeds a
sum in liquidation of his claim not ex
ceeding $100.
According to trade reports upward of 150,000
pianos were sold in this country last year, and as -a
vast number were rented it will be seen that the good
times have not only made the people sing, but have
enabled them to provide themselves with accompani
ment.
.BORRIOBOOLA-GHA— M.. City. Bor
rioboola-Gha is an imaginary place on the
left bank of the Niger, in Africa, selected
by Mrs. Jellyby (in Dickens' "Bleak
House") as a fleld for her missionary and
philanthropic exertions, to the neglect of
all home duties.
COBURN-McCOOL — Subscriber, City.
The great fight between Joe Coburn and
Mike McCool for 1 $2000 and the champion
ship of America occurred May 5. 1S63,
at Charlestown, Md. Coburn was the win
ner In 67 rounds In 1 hour and 10 minutes.
WEST POINT— "W. R., Santa Rosa, Cal.
Applicants for admission to the United
States Military Academy at West Point
are examined in reading, writing, orthog
raphy, arithmetic, grammar, geography
and history of the United States.
MUSIC— S. ¦ M., San Mateo, CAL Com
munications Intended for the Conserva
tory of, Music in Belgium should be di
rected to the "Secretary of the Royal
Conservatory of Music, Antwerp, Bel
gium."
HER ADDRESSES— S. M., San Mateo,
Cal. The addresses of Mrs. Phebe Hearst
are: -La Hacienda del Paso de Veano,
San Francisco and HOO New Hampshire
avenue, Washington. D. C.
BALL PLAYER— B. B., City. If valued
by his ability in the box.. Iburg is the
beat pitcher; if judged as a fielding
pitcher and batter, then Moskiman is the
best .»
STEAMERS— D. B. E., City, The
Hamburg-American, running a lfne of
trans-Atlantic steamers, has the great
est number of vessels.
From San Jose — T. D. Chittenden and
wife and S. P. Hatcher and wife, at the
Marlborough.
From Los Angeles— R. Vincent, at the
Imperial; A. L>. Johnson, at the Nor
mandie; N. C. Turner and wife and Mrs.
L. Burnett, at the Murray Hill.
From San Francisco— H. Goldstone, at
the Vendome; R. S. Cox, at the Manhat
tan; C. W. Ames Jr., at the New Amster
dam; I. P. Eisenbert, at the Herald
Square; W. H. Hart, at the Holland; O.
J. Humphrey and wife, at the Murray
Hill; F. X. Johns, at the Normandie, and
H. C. Hendleton.at the Marlborough.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day:
Surveyor of the Port Joseph S. Spear
Jr. returned yesterday from an extended
tour of the East, accompanied by his
wife. They have again taken rooms at
the Palace. - ;/¦*.:
Chris Stengel, a * merchant of "Fisher
mans Bay, is in the city on a short busi
ness trip and has made his headquarters
at the Russ.
Judge E..C. Hart of Sacramento Is at
the Grand. • ¦ •
E. G. McPike, a rancher of "Wesley, is
at the Russ.
D. W. Graves, an insurance man of San
Jose, is at the Russ.
Joseph Craig of Highland Springs Is at
the Grand with his family. '
Ben U. Stelnman, formerly Mayor of
Sacramento, is at. the Palace.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford is a guest at the Occidental. • ;,
- Dr. D. E. Roberts, a physician of Mur
phys, is registered at the Grand.
,.W. R. Castle Jr.; a well-known resident
of Honolulu, is a guest at the Palace.
"Walter J. Trask^ a prominent attorney
of Los Angeles, is registered at the Pal
ace.
H. C. Norton, extensive manufacturer of
ice cream, 13 here from New York with
his wife and family.
E. C. Berwick; an extensive land-owner
and rancher of Monterey, is spending a
few days at the Grand.
As far as possible The Call has ascertained the
/iews of our California members to be on the side
of their own country, and certainly the West should
stand with them as a unit.
The production of American sugar up to the point
of an exportable surplus is of as great importance to
:his country as the same production of iron, steel,
machinery, meat and flour. >It concerns the welfare
)l millions of our own people, and has the advan
sige of having economics and sentiment on its side.
The proposition rests upon no economic argu
nent that does not apply, with equal force to manu
sictures. The sentimental argument, that we owe
iirrs to Cuba, has no force worthy of the respect of
Z'ongress.
With such a prospect no one need marvel that
American sugar interests stand inflexibly against the
schemes of the Cuban junta for invasion of our mar
ket with the free raw sugar from that island. If
such an attack were being made upon any American
manufacturing industry the resentment would be or
ganized, quick, sharp and decisive.
In considering all plans for irrigation of our arid
ands their profitable use when brought into action
rust not be lost sight of. Already at Provo, in
Ctah, and in the valley of the Arkansas, in Colo
rado, the sugar beet is domesticated as a regular
:~op and the mills are in action to work it into sugar.
At Greeley, Colo., another mill is proposed, and
:here are lands in the Snake River Valley, Idaho, and
ir. Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico, which will be
iound suited to this crop when irrigated. The utility
jf the sugar beet as an addition to the farm crops of
California is an established demonstration, and the
:ime is not distant when the country will look to the
iesert for its sweets.
It is of special interest to the West that the sugar
biet promises to become a stable crop on the irri
gated lands of the arid region. The plant requires
i period of ripening after its growth has ceased.
This is exactly like the ripening of fruit. It is the
:ime of chemical change which produces the sugar.
In non-arid countries if rain fall at this period in the
ii'e of the beet a renewal of growth is induced, which
irrests the development of sugar. Where moisture
Is supplied entirely by irrigation the vrater is ex
rluded at this point and the ripening process goes on
anchecked. " ,' r ;.C;
(<—^ ERMANY is far from being a tropical coun
-_- try, but it is the largest sugar-producing
s —^ country in the world. The United States
last year took from Europe, principallj' from Ger
tr;an3 r , 400,000 tons of raw sugar. Even Russia since
i38o has produced beet sugar in excess of her do
mestic need and has become an exporter. The sugar
bret produced in the United States has a larger sac
rliarine content and value than any other, showing
our physical capacity to produce beyond our own
demand and to add sugar to our exportable agricul
:ural surplus. We are now paying nearly $100,000,
>X) a j-ear for foreign sugar, and that sum added to
:hc profits of our o;vn agriculture will perceptibly
improve the situation of the American farmer.
BEET. SUGAR.
Resolved, That these resolutions be spread
in full upon the minutes, and that an engrossed
AINSWERS TO QUErtihD.
Resolved. That the Civil Service Commission
ers hereby express their heartfelt sympathy
with the bereaved family of the deceased.
Ion; a prominent figure, the merit system has
lost a most ardent, active and conscientious ad
vocate.
CIVIL, SERVICE COMMISSION
ER WHO DIED EARLY YES
TERDAY MORNING.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Resolved, By the removal ot J. Richard Freu*
from the scene of activity in which he was so
"Wherens, By the sudden death of J. Richard
Freud, president of the Civil Service Commis
sion, San Francisco has loat one of Its moot
ardent workers In the field of municipal reform.
His life was devoted to the betterment of th*
conditions of his city and State, and he labored
long and earnestly in the cause of good gov
ernment. A good citizen, he participated in
civic affairs to the end that be might do his
part in advancing the interests of the common
wealth. . .
suddenly of heart disease at
1:30 yesterday morning at bis home; 1516
Jackson street. None suspected that Mr.
Freud was ailing and his death came as
a great shock. to the community. "When
the Commissioners met C. A. Murdock,
who was appointed In his stead, present
ed his credentials and was sworn In.
Then the Commissioners adopted the fol
lowinsr resolutions:
A SPECIAL' meeting of the Board
of Civil Service, Commlssion
' ers was held yesterday morn
ing' to take : action upon the
death of their late associate.
J. Richard Freud, who died
Whether we consider the Atlantic or the^ Pacific
trade we find the same issue confronting us. We do
not possess our rightful share of the trade even of the
American states to the south of us because we have
not the shipping facilities of our competitors. Great
as has been our advance in industry and pur success
in the markets of the world, it would. have been
greatel still had we possessed adequate facilities for
ocean transportation. In the future we shall be even
more badly handicapped than in the past if we con
tinue to rely upon the merchant vessels of our rivals
to carry our goods for us. The time, therefore, for
upbuilding the American merchant marine has come.
The shipping bill, which Congress has so. often' neg
lected, should be enacted at this session without fail.
, No intelligent -man can reflect upon those facts
without perceiving the well nigh imperative need of
upbuilding the American merchant. marine upon the
ocean. The issue has been before the country for a
long time and every, year has found it more serious
than the preceding year. At the present time it is
something like an emergency issue, for, we are now
confronting a new era in the Orient. An immense
market for manufactured goods and for wheat and
fruit is opening in China. The nations of Europe are
eager to obtain it. They have not hesitated to grant
liberal subsidies to the merchant marine that is neces
sary to carry on the trade. If we stand idle at this^
juncture we will enable our European rivals to gain
a prestige in the Chinese market which it will be
difficult for us to overcome at a later time.
With this increasing trade, however, there comes
an increasing demand for merchant steamers to
handle it. At present we, are in the main dependent
upon- foreign ship9 to' carry our goods to market and
to bring back such goods as we continue to import.
The result is that every advance in our foreign trade
imposes upon us the necessity of paying an increased
tribute to foreign ship-owners. It also subjects our
trade to heavy losses whenever for any reason there
is a diminution in the supply of "foreign shiiJs. The
far-off war in South Africa, for example, inflicted a
loss upon the American people by withdrawing from
the Atlantic trade a considerable number of British
ships, for use. in transporting troops and supplies to
the seat of war, and ic is easy to foresee that should a
great war break out in Europe, involving nations
whose merchant marine. is now an important factor
in- ocean transportation, our trade would be seriously
curtailed or hampered and every important industry
in the country would be injured.'.
OUR international trade has .now reached a
magnitude that compels serious attention to
the problem of transporting it. The value of
our wealth is estimated to exceed that of any other
nation by upward of $104,000,000,000. We have
passed Germany and Great Britain in the value of our
exports. We produce the great staples of trade, such'
as iron, coal, wheat, corn, meat, cotton arid fruit,
more abundantly than any other people. Our in
creasing export of manufactured goods has been the'
marvel and the despair of the nations of Europe.
During the last fiscal "year the balance of trade in
our favor was $664,900,000. In every line of industry
the output is increasing/ Our shipments to foreign'
markets augment with each succeeding year, and we'
can look forward to an assured industrial and com-'
mercial supremacy over all competitors.
OUR TRADE PROBLEM.
It is said that both the King of England and "the:
King of Italy have expressed a willingness to deco-
rate Marconi with medals of honor, but the young
inventor has been too busy to accept. However, as
he was not too busy to win an American girl, there
is no reason to fear he is overworking himself. '¦¦
It is probably true that they do not represent the
views of. all who are interested in the object they are
intended to advance. But it is also true that no
measure can be framed to meet such a variety of
plans as have been proposed. If all differences can
be merged in this easiest and most reasonable means
for effecting the object which all have sought to pro
mote, these bills may be passed at the present session
and the work of storing and distributing water may
soon begin. It is a plain business proposition to
use for such purpose the lands to be improved by it
rather than resort to taxation for such purpose.
These two bills would seem to provide an ideal
system. The grazing lands, now being rapidly dis
used by the extirpation of their forage caused by
overstocking, would be protected and their carrying
capacity increased, while their fitness for homestead
settlement would be enhanced through the restora
tion- of moisture, which is now declining, as the land
is stripped of its vegetable cover. The whole domain
would yield income for irrigation while unsold, and
when sold its price would go into a permanent re
volving fund for the same purpose. These measures
are of such vast economic importance to the West
as to seem deserving" of the support of all who are
interested in the development of the country.
This bill requires that freeholders shall have first
preference to lease public lands abutting upon their
freeholds for use of their domestic stock and to protect
them from being eaten out by wandering flocks and
herds. After this first preference is taken what graz
ing lands remain shall be leased to stock-growers
who w,ere in actual use and occupancy of them dur
ing the year ending January i, 1901. This last pro
vision is for the purpose of preventing the formation
of syndicates to take such lands and crowd off the
Western herdsmen. The rental is uniform at 2. cents
per acre per year. As there are 400,000,000 acres of
grazing lands, they wculd produce $8,000,000 a year,
and the two bills together would provide a fund of
about $11,000,000 annually for irrigation, which
would immediately produce results and facilitate the
rapid settlement of the West. To this end the
Bowersock bill requires that all of the leased domain
shall be cpen to homestead and mineral entry, and
when so entered- shall be canceled out of the lease.
All shades of opinion are represented in this com
mittee of seventeen. A strong party in the West lias
for years favored and striven for the cession of the
public domain to the States, with a view to using it
in some way for the production of income for irriga
tion.- Against this has been opposed another party,
which sought to secure irrigation by large appropria
tions in the river and harbor bill. These have
threshed out their differences in the committee of
seventeen, and have compromised upon a proposition
that the arid region shall be considered as a unit,
that irrigation shall be applied, wherever practicable,
by the Federal Government, and that the public do
main shall be used to produce the funds for its own
improvement, thus relieving the . already burdened
river and harbor bill of a new object of attention and
expenditure. This plan is immediately popular with
the Eastern members, who will support. any measures
to effectuate it upon which the West agrees. There
are two such measures now before Congress, which
may be merged in one bill. One is introduced by
Senator Hansbrough of. North Dakota. It proposes
that the proceeds of the s,ales of public lands shall go
into the treasury as an irrigation fund. The other
is introduced by Mr. Bowersock of Kansas in the
House, and provides that the grazing lands on the
public domain shall be leased to the stock-growers
who now use them in common without paying for
such use. . .
This volunteer committee has undertaken to con
struct an irrigation measure which will be a compo
site of the bills now offered. When constructed it
will go to Congress through the regular committees.
THE subject of irrigation has gained greatly in
interest and influence in Congress. Each House
. has now a standing committee on Arid Lands
and Irrigation, and an enlightening discussion of the
subject has informed the East upon its importance
and its relation to national interests. Tfyere is a vol
untary committee on* irrigation, consisting. of seven
teen members of the House and Senate, from. States
west of the Missouri River. | ' ,
Another improvement the association has tinder-':
taken to bring about is one that should have' been;
accomplished long ago— that of -putting Third street [
into a condition worthy of its importance among the V
thoroughfares, of the city. It is along that street pas-j
sengers arriving at the Third-street depot make their';
way to the city/and from it they derive their first im-;
pressions of San Francisco. It should be a stately,'
well-kept avenue of trade and traffic. At present it'
is something like a disgrace. When the street im-*
provement begins there -should be a further' effort';
made to get the railway company : to build a decent!
depot. Since the coast line'has been opened to LoV
Angeles a very large proportion of the tourist.travel
reaches San Francisco at that depot, and it 'ought to'
be made equal to the commodious depot buildings to
which people are accustomed in the East.
announced by the Review that property-owners'on
Bush street between 'Taylor: and LeavenwortH' have
deposited with- the association i theisum of : $1500 V as
their contribution toward the repaVement of those
two blocks with bituminous rock.: It is expected that
the repavement of those blocks will" lead to a f epav
ing of the balance of the street where such- improve
ment is' needed. ,-"*'¦ y> , -•¦
FEDERAL IRRIGATION.
THE SAN FJRANClSCOv CALL, TUFSDAYv JANUARY 7, 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "The "Wife."
Columbia — "Henry VIIL"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "Com-
ejy and Tragedy."
California— '"Whose Baby Are Tour*
Tivoll — "Little Red Riding- Hood."
Central— "Lost in New York."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. ¦
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
»
' quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the world.
TURNOVER
A NEW LEAF
On Ne# Year's Day and send your laun-
dry work to the U. S. Laundry; Then you
will always be sure to . have the finest
work it is possible to do. Your .linen will
look better and last longer. We dellvor
promptly.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlco 1OO4 Market Stre«:~
. TeIepriona-7-Sotrth 42O.
Oakland Offlco—54 San Pablo Ave.
ADVUBTia BM EH T3.The last rites and Masonic service over
the remains of the late John Adam Rus-
Funeral Ceremonies Over
Late John A. Russell
Impressive.
CITIZENS MOURN
PUBLIC SERVANT
The . ordinance granting the American
Can Company a permit to erect a bridge
across Seventh street, - near Townsend,
was finally passed by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday on reconsideration of
the vote by. which it was defeated at the
last meeting.. . ': . '
May Erect the Bridge.
The case of Otton von Scheehen Levena,
charged with grand larceny, was dis
missed by Judge Cabanfss yesterday.' The
defendant had been playing poker at the
Cafe Royal and losing his money on-De
cember 29 he. went to Max Jacobs' pawn
shop to get money on .a knife and he
and Jacobs had a fight, Jacobs alleging
that Levena stole his diamond scarfpln.
In court yesterday Jacobs said the pin
had . been found . on the sidewalk near hia
store.:: .v '^- :¦¦':¦;. :»'>:•'¦: ••:;.;. ; :.. : .¦':.-
Did Not Steal. the Pin.
The application of- Mrs. G. Donovan
Boyle -for back salary and reinstatement
in the Richmond Evening School was de
nied.
The resolution transferring Miss J A.
Cwyer from the Sherman School to the
Irving School was rescinded.
Miss Agnes McDonald of the Sherman
School was temporarily; placed on the eli
gible list. •
The resignation of Mrs. Daisy Doud
Wise was accepted,- and Miss S. Kraus
and P. Tompkins were granted leaves of
absence. , . ., ¦ * .
Madison Babcock was transferred from
the vice prlncipalship of the Fairmount
School to the vice principalshlp of the
Crocker School.
R. P. Saffold was appointed special
teacher of commercial arithmetic and as
signed to the commercial department of
the Lincoln School.
Mrs. Alice F. Holden, Miss Bertha Roberts,
Mlsa N. I. Monaco, Miss Helen E. SpafTord
Miss Wanda Reichllng, Mrs. Elizabeth M.
Doud. Miss Mabel Onyon, Miss Maud Hyman,
Miss Marie G. Klein, Miss Emma Nesfield, MUs
Alice Chalmers, Miss L. M. Forsyth.
The Board of .Education met yesterday
and elected twelve additional teachers to
the eligible list. The teachers were suc
cessful competitors in the examination re
cently held, at which 140 applicants were
examined as to their training school cre
dentials and experience. Those elected
were:
Regular Assignments and Ac
cepts One Resignation.
Board of Education Makes Several
ELECTS TWELVE TEACHERS
TO THE ELIGIBLE LIST
Jockey Flynn Held to Answer.
John J. Flynn, a jockey for Dennison &
Schwartz, was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Conlan yester
day on the charge of an attempt to com
mit arson. On Christmas nieht he was
drunk and ugly and attempted to cut
Luther Taylor and Steve James, two
hostlers. They locked him up in a stable
at the Ingleside track and he set fire to
It. They had to break in the door and
put out the flames. '
Many clubs are after him, but the red
headed boxer waves them aside. He Is
waiting for the highest offer. Jack Glea
son, one of the managers of the ilate
Twentieth Century Club, is in; the field
and is making every effort to secure the
match. He has telegraphed and written
Jeffries and Fltzsimmons offering ¦ them
70 per cent of the gross receipts if
they will box twenty rounds before
his club. As this is 8 per cent
higher than any offer made the men
they may consider it. Gleason has the
backing of wealthy men. He has had a
great deal of experience in bringing off
ring contests and has the confidence of
the local ring-goers. Although associated
with Kennedy last year, Gleason has
broken away from that manager and is
now in the field for, himself. ,
Gleason in the Field.
The Yosemite Athletic Club is in a
quandary. The directors of the new box
ing organization counted on bringing off
a twenty-round contest between Terry
McGovern and Dave Sullivan in this city
next month, but as the contestants were
desirous of fighting on the first of next
month the match was declared off so far
as this city is concerned. The Tosemlte
Club is therefore looking for material just
as good or even better for its initial show.
Jim Kennedy, the matchmaker of the
defunct Twentieth Century Club, is using
his endeavors to bring Fitzslmmons and
Jeffries together. He is working under
many disadvantages. The Yosemite Club
declares- that Kennedy has no connection
with their club and the sporting writers
throughout the West are saying mean
things about that gentleman. It is said
that he is the only man who can get Fitz
sfmrnons in the ring, but many people be
lieve that the blacksmith can only be
made to fight by promising him quantities
of yellow gold.
Yosemite Club in Quandary.
Alec Greggalns, manager of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, stated yesterday
that George Gardner and Jack Root
would battle, for the middle-weight
championship of the world in Mechanics 1
Pavilion on Friday evening, January 3L
The men will meet at catch weights.
Greggalns will send tickets to Root to
day and the Chicago boxer will be here
Within two weeks. Either Phil Wand or
Jim McDonald will referee the fight.
Gardner wllll go Into training next Alon
day. He will very probably condition
himself at Millett's, near Baden.
As Gardner is looked upon as the cham
pion, the coming battle ought to draw a
large crowd. - Gardner has defeated the
cleverest men at his weight, and the
only man fitted to give him battle is
Jack Root. Root is a clean-cut boxer an«i
hard hitter. His last fight in this city was
with "Kid" Carter. He outpointed the
"Kid" for the first five rounds, but Car
ter came back hard and might have won
if he had not fouled Root.
/
Root and Gardner "Will Battle.
Such a bout would be of deep interest
to local sporting-, men! { Corbett proved in
a measure that he was not a hasbeen by
making the present champion look like a
veritable novice for twenty-three rounds.
Had Jim possessed the strength there i3
no doubt in- the. mind of many that he
would have beaten Jeff at their last meet
ing. If a match Is made Corbett will come
to this city two months before the night
of the contest and go into the country and
condition himself. Harry Corbett says
Jim is taking the best of care of himself.
Local ring-g-oers ma yet have another
chance of seeing Jim Corbett in the ring.
The eX'Champion is willing to try to re
gain the championship, and If arrange
ments can be made he and Jeffries may
box in September, next.
~ Harry dbrbett, the well-known sporting
man, received a ; letter from | his brother
yesterday, in which the latter asked him
to secure a match for him with the husky
boilermaker. Corbett. has always had an
Idea that he could | take Jeffries' . measure
and believes that he can outpoint Jeffries
In a twenty-round bout.
That the project is extravagant In cost and
unnecessarily difficult In construction and
maintenance. The system Is one of high pres
sure and therefore of greater risk in the" mat
ter of pipe breakage.. The city of Oakland and
the population north which, would buy water
from San Francisco and lessen the financial
burden are avoided by Grunsky In his plans.
Grunsky also permanently seta aside about 5000
horsepower of electricity to pump water over
"The Pass" and plans his system without re
gard to the development of the city. •
The American River as a source of \ supply
has been commended by Colonel A. W, von
Schmidt and by Colonel Jlendell, as well as
numerous other engineers. Evidence received
from many independent -sources seems to prove
that the North Fork of the American Rive/ 1 , at
high altitude, has perlect water, splendid res
ervoirs and excellent facilities for the develop
ment of electrical power. At the same time It
has the shortest pipe line to San Francisco on
the route proposed by Messrs. Dunn and Alber
ger. They have filed with the. board plans and
estimates suggesting the- manner and route
of conveying water to San Francisco, and claim
to have perfect rights to reservoirs and water
sheds sufficient to supply the needs of this
municipality for all time to come... Taken in
conjunction with the Rubicon River," a branch
of the American, there can be no question of
the supply.
Reed then produces figures to show that
the saving effected by the American River
supply compared with the Tuolumne sup
ply would be $9,126,608. He favors an aux
iliary supply now. owned by. the Dumbar
ton Land Company in Alameda, which
would cost $1,663,000. In the third chapter
Reed states his objections to the Tuol
umne supply. Summed up, the objections
are aa follows: - .
Favors American River.
There Is the further danger that the short
age of rain which prevents catchment will also
shorten the Merced and Alameda Creek sup
plies and thereby force a greater draft than
10,550,000 Kalians dally on the reservoirs and
thus exhaust them sooner. Frohj which it ap
pears that the city, in the matter of water sup
ply, is in the most dangerous condition it has
ever yet known, and must Immediately secure
some ampler supply for its future needs.
The Spring Valley Water Works Is built on
a wrong principle. Its main dependence la Its
peninsula reservoirs. These have an exceed
ingly large water surface, and an exceedingly
small drainage area. It is a system for catch-
Ing rain water, Just as rain Is caught from the
roof of a house, and collected in a cistern.
These reservoirs were thought to be safe, be
cause It was estimated that there never would
be more than three dry years In succession. The
projectors of the Spring Valley Water Works
took a gambler's chance of having an exceed
ingly wet year at least once in four, but they
have lost at the game, for we are now on the
fifth successive .dry year. Less than a year's
supply Is on hand in these reservoirs, while the
evaporation, and the water rights of San Mateo
residents take. up almost the total useful run
off of their drainage areas.
Inefficiency of Spring Valley.
Cost is not to be avoided if It results in a"
better system, but cost which results in no
good cannot be defended, nor can a system be
defended' whose operating expenses represents
an - unnecessary expenditure • of $150,000 an
nually.
I have never had reason to question the good
faith of the City Engineer, but his course of
conduct for the past- two years Indicates such
a degree of Jealousy of fellow engineers, such
a determination to- avoid making use of the
experience and knowledge of men of his pro
fession, and such a reckless determination to
pile up the cost of the city water works be
yond all reason, that I have felt Justified in
criticizing his work as an engineer, and the
advisability of adopting it for the city.
In his report Reed states that he dis
agrees with the water works system from
the Toulumne River proposed by the City
Engineer, as it is, the most costly of any
prepared by a great many engineers. The
pamphlet is: In three chapters, the first of
which is devoted to the "inefficiency of
the Spring Valley system," the second to
theVater system from the American Riv
er, which is urged as the best for the
city, and the third to objections to the
Toulumne River system proposed by the
City Bngineer. In the report he says in
part: . . . .
¦ Supervisor Reed submitted a report yes
terday to the Board of Supervisors rec
ommending what he considers as. the besJt
water system ;for this city. , In addition
he indulged in , some caustic criticisms
on the system proposed by City Engineer
Grunsky. Reed submitted his report m
pamphlet form, it being in the nature of.
aiminorlty report from the Committee on
Public Utilities, of .which he has been
chairman during, his entire term of office.
Gardner /and Root to Battle
Here the Last Dav cf ' :¦,
This Month.
Supervisor Favors Acquisition
of American River
Source.
Ex - Champion Writes
,' That He Will Meet
Jeffries.
Criticizes . Estimate of
City Engineer on
:'¦ Tuoiumne^' "•¦„"'
REED COMPARES
WATER SUPPLIES
CORBETT WANTS
TO FIGHT AGAIN
Edward Mulvey, an old man, who ' has
for years made it a practice to swindle
landladies, was booked at- the City Prison
yesterday 'by Detectives Egan and Freel
on a charge of petty larceny. The com
plaining - witness Is * Mrs. . Catherine Lay
man, 106 Taylor . street. .Mulvey. called
upon, her and engaged . a 50-cent room,
pretending to give her a $5 gold piece, but
deftly substituting a bright 1-cent piece
She gave him $4 50 change and as he was
going downstairs she discovered the trick:
and called him* back, but he only laughed
at her and hurried away. -
Swindles Landladies.
The boom- of a heavy derrick used for
raising the great stone blocks for the
building of the "Mutual Savings Bank
gave way yesterday afternoon on Geary
street. The boom came down with fear
ful force and many persons just escaped
death. The bootblack stand "conducted
by two Italians, known as Paison. . and
Biass, was smashed to atoms and two
men who were having their shoes shined
had a miraculous escape. • • ¦ , . ¦
S. Eaton, employed at Newman's cafe,
was coming up the ateps leading to Geary
street at the time the boom fell and he,
too, got off without injury. Another em
ploye of Newman, Joe ICerr, had -a mo
ment before passed beneath where the
heavy timber fell and a Chinaman missed
being crushed to death by a hairsbreadth.
There were many other narrow escapes
from injury, as at that particular spot
pedestrian traffic is very ', heavy at the
hour .the crash came. .There were also
at tho time several workmen unloading
stone, but all escaped with their lives.
The noise caused, by the falling * boom
brought hundreds to the spot : and wild
rumors went round that several work
men and pedestrians had been seriously
hurt. After .a short while the scared
workmen resumed : work on the building.
Building Terrifies Workmen
and Pedestrians.
Accident at Mutual Savings Bank
HEAVY DERRICK BOOM
FALLS TO SIDEWALK
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors ex
tends its sympathy to his family and that this
expression of respect be entered in the Journal.
Resolved, further. That this board do now
adjourn out of respect to the memory of our
deceased fellow official and friend.
JAMES P. BOOTH,
•/•/. ¦¦¦;•¦- JOHN CONNOR,
HORACE WILSON,
Committee.
Grief at' the death of a good man la fitly
shown In heartfelt sorrow and silent submis
sion to the will of God. So we members of
the Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco mourn the loss of our es
teemed clerk, John Adam Russell. His was a
full life. Resolute of character, mentally and
physically strong-, he • was daring in youth,
philosophical In manhood and patient In suf
fering'. A man kindly, upright and talented
he led a blameless life and pursued his duty
unmindful of praise and censure. After thirty
six years of public service he has died In the
midst of his work, mourned by a grateful peo
ple.
Our city has lost a faithful official of rare
worth, proved in the great vicissitudes of
municipal life. Be it therefore <
Supervisor Wilson's motion that the
board attend the funeral in a body was
carried. He then presented the following
resolution, which was adopted by a rising
Before adjourning the meeting Mayor
Phelan said that it was his painful duty
to inform the members of the death of
an official who had served the city faith
fully for thirty-six years.
"During, the interim of the board's
meeting," said the Mayor, "I appointed
Supervisors Booth, Wilson and Connor a
committee to take appropriate action on
behalf of the board." .
When the Board of Supervisors ad
journed yesterday it did so out of respect
to its late clerk, John A. Russell. Mr.
Russell's chair in the board chambers had
been draped in black and a huge bunch
of violets, his favorite flower in life, stood
on his desk. ,
Resolution of Condolence.
The pallbearers were Colonel H. J.
Burns, K. T.; Asa'R. Wells, K.T.; Da
vid D. Shattuck, K. T.; Thomas. Morton,
g. T-A. D. jiarrison, Colin M. Boyd,
H. F. Williams, J. B. Stetson, S. W. Hol
laday, F. W. Eaton and W. G. Barrett.
Among those who were present were
Mayor James D. Phelan, B. P. Flint, Wil
liam Alvord, president of the Bank of
California, and who was Mayor of San
Francisco in 1871 and 1872; James M. Mac
donald, William C. Burnett, Captain I.
W. Lees, Patrick Noble. James P. Booth,
Horace Wilson, John Connor, Thomas H.
Browne, John Tonningsen and Hiram T.
Graves.
There were floral pieces at the bier sent
by the Board of Supervisors and the
clerks of the board.
The' interment, which took place at O«1r>
Fellows' Cemetery, was strictly private
and was attended only by the family and
pallbearers. - * i/ .•;
At the conclusion of the services the
vast assemblage reverently looked upon
the face of the dead and the cortege was
formed.
'The presence of so many at that sad
parting in itself testified, the speaker
said, to the deceased's worth as man, as
husband, father and official. He knew
San Francisco as no other knew It.- His
advice was depended upon, his counsel
was exceptional as it was invaluable —
their loss was irreparable. John Adam
Russell had left, Indeed, a monument to
himself in his honored and unsullied nams
—a name that was a part of the history of
San Francisco. ..
•Worth as Man and Official.
had endeared him to the people for whose
welfare he had worked diligently and
without blemish.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, TUESDAY; JANUARY 7, 1902.
sell were held yesterday afternoon at Ma
sonic Temple under the auspices of Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Templar.
The respect and high' esteem in which
Mr. Russell was held was testified to by
citizens who joined in prayer and wept
with the family at the bier.
The services were Impressive and were
conducted by Judge Carroll Cook, emi
nent commander, and Prelate James Ed
ward Gordon. The California Comman
dery Quartet, composed of Dr. R. W.
Smith, Clarence Wendell, A. A. Batkin
and L. H. Larson, rendered during the
services "Awakening," "Come, Ye Dis
consolate," "Nearer, My God, to Thee"
and "Good-Night, I am Going Home."
A eulogy over the dead was delivered
by Franklin K. Lane, City and County At
torney, which set forth the true virtues
of the departed. Never, the speaker
feared, could the chair which had been
vacated be filled as by their departed
friend. His noble instincts, his integrity,
his forty years of service in public office,
7
AMTTSrTlYrffArTS.
j^l|ibAiis firus
' ' ' HJSNH b s : at peon HHV
fc'ositiv'ely cured by these
Littlo Pills.
. They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonjtue. Pain in
the* Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Reetiiate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
4HUSEUM OF ANATIXm
w 18S1 V 4 SZZT - r - t8t - 6^*7i, s.r.cii. I
\ *Zjf The Larpest Anatomical M useum la the V
B **&knm. World - VVeaknessex or any contracted A
SS5 <W * icase poiilifrl/carail ny the oldest T
® iBral Speciilist on the Coast Est 36 years. O
A §W£l OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I OS&B Consultation fr;e and strictly private. \
V i J&ti fl Treatment personally or by letter. A A
f fl )y V I H fotitiv* Cure in every case undertaken. T
IA Writefcr Book. PBH.O1OPUY of A
f i I I 1 ! HARRIAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
\ ft I valuable book (or mra) . , \
Y DB. JOBDAN A CO., 1051 iTartet St.S. P. Y
1 £jx9 Rffl ¦& h fl wJtf mTlnMtSi^ii ~i -fiiya I
I Esf * »o of Jl Si fJByw y^'ipyiwrf rf^f'i'T I
lpcrlor to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
ure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
¦"->line (japsalea for three months cost $L
¦ • r • - ¦ - r» f» ¦*>— «»» -C/»Tr York.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' i. Steamers leava Broadway
5»h^ Wharf, San Francisco:
reXS^rm- For Alaskan ports — tl a.
j^^^^_ m., Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21. 26.
' f^te^v^&k 81, Feb. 6. Change to eom-
i R?VHWg\tti pany's steamers at Seattle.
! ifSSSr^SJa! For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
MBrSmH C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
if- Tacoma. Everett and N«#r
Whatcom (Wa»h.>— 11 *. m..
Jan 1 8. 11, 16. 21, 28, 31, Feb. 6. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska end O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Trncoma
for N P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
¦ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. _m.,
•Jan. 2. 1, 12, 17. 22. 27, Feb. I. . •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Loi An-
peles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crur.
Monterey, • San Simeon Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), (Gaviota. Bonita only).
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. East Saa
Pedro, San Pedro (Newport. Bonita only).
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazallan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 *. m., 7th of each
month. •
For further information obtain the com-
pany's folder?.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
Fteamers, galling day* and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
. 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O J?..£'JV-'CO.-
Only Steamahlp Lino -Co
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Shor* Rail I.'ne fr*m Port'and to all
points East. Through Tickets to al>
poin***. v r*» :1 «•• «te»m -hip *»nd rail, at
LOWJJST XV-A.'X'XIS.
STEAMER T' -KETS NCLUDE BKKTd and MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sans ...... Jan. 3, 13. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Saite Jan. 8. 13. 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y, S.F.
SS. ZEALANDIA. for Tahiti
....• a. Sat. Jan. 11, Noon.
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
I land and Sydney. ..Tlrurs., Jan. 16, 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Jan. 25, '02, 2 p. m.
I O.SPHECKELS & BROS. CO., flanera. Agents. 327 ifariai S!
Cen'l Passsnp 1 Of&ss, 643 H irtet St., Pur Kg, 7. FaeiSc St
PANAMA R.R, S S"
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA ML)i,
Cabin. 1105; Steerage. M0; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll tal.s Tuesday, Jan. 21
S. g. Leelanaw rails Monday. Feb. 3
£>. b. Argyll miU Monday, Mar. 3
From Howard-itreet . vbarf. at 2 p. ra.
Freight and Passenger Office. S3» Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia bud Americana de Vapors]
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. 1 Sailing from How*
, ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. i ;
SANTIAGO.... :Jan. 8 [GUATEMALA. Feb. 15
TUCAPEL. . . . . Jan. 28IPALENA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American ' passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ¦ passenger office. 31S California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannaa streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board * oa
day of sailing. • . ¦¦'¦'.'. '¦¦
SS. AMERICA MARU
.............. .Saturday. January 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursda . January 30th. 1903
S3. NIPPON MARU
'.Tuesday. February 25th, 1903
Round-trip tickets 'at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca.
421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
I AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, L0 JDOtf, PAEI3,
;:.•'¦'. Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wetlresdays at 10 a. m. "
St. Louis...., .. Jan. U*St. Louis .Feb. 5
Philadelphia .. .Jan. 22 Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
St. Paul.: ......Jan. 2»| St. Paul Feb. 1!>
RED STAR. LINE. .
New York and Antwerp.
From New ¦ York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland ..... .'Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb 5
8outhwark .". . .Jan. 22 Zeeland .Feb. 12
Vauerland .."... Jan. 29 Haverford Feb lu
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO?,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent . Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
C0MPASNI8 GEHERaLS TRANSATLANTlQItf
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of y^fffinj,
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 43, -ViiCrftB
North- River, foot of Morton street. > ¦ --? ¦¦-'¦
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Secon.1
class to Havre, $45 ¦ and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 ..Broadway> (Hudson /building). New
York. . J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast ;
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.'
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Arents.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. TTnAV^YAR] AND^VALLEJ3
Steamers GEN,' FRISBIS or MONTICELU;
¦ -9:45 a, m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.m.; except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
V'allejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 8 p.m., except
Sunday. - Sunday." 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
cents. • Telephone Main 1503. a Landing ¦ and
office, pier S. Mission-street dock. BATC32
BROS. - ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
— OF
The Hibernia Savings & Loan Society
]\J\ ADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN ACT
1 T * of the State Legislature, passed March 23.
1S93. and hereto annexed, to wit:
The People of the State of California, rep-
resented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section L The Cashier or Secretary- of every
Savings Bank. Savings and Loan Society and
every institution In -Which deposits of money
nre made and Interest paid thereon, shall,
within fifteen days after the 1st day of De-
cember. In the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-three, and within nfteen days of
the 1st day of December of each, and every
second succeeding year thereafter, return to
the Board of Bank Commissioners & sworn
statement, showing the amount standing to hia
credit, the last known place of residence or
pestofflce addres% and the fact of death. If
known to said Cashier or Secretary, of every
depositor who shall not have made a deposit
therein or withdrawn therefrom any part of
his deposit, or any part of the Interest thereon,
for the period of more than ten years next
preceding: and the Cashiers and Secretaries of
*uch Savings Banks. Savings and Loan Socie-
ties and Institutions for deposit of savings
snail give notice of these deposits In one or
more newspapers published in or nearest to
th$ city, city and county or town where such
banks are situated at least once a week for
four successive weeks, the cost of such pub-
lications to be paid pro rata out of said un-
claimed deposits; provided, however, that this
act shall not apply to or affect the deposit
made by or In the name of any person known
to th« said Cashier or Secretary to b« living,
any . deposit which, with the accumulations
thereon, shall be less than fifty dollars.
Section 2. The Board of Bank Commissioners
shall Incorporate In their subsequent report
each return which shall have been made to
them, as provided In Section 1 of this Act.
Section 3. Any Cashier or Secretary of either
of the banking Institutions mentioned in Sec-
tion 1 of this Act neglecting or refusing to j
make the sworn statement required by said,
Section 1 shall be guilty of .a misdemeanor.
In accordance with the foregoing the follow-
ing statement is submitted, as appears from
our books at close of business on the 6th day
of December. A- D. 1301. to wit:
Kittn Address. Amount.
Agular. Laura G .417 Pacific St.,
a f nun
Anderson, Bernhard.... North Pacific
Hotel, corner
S. B* J24 M
Barrett, Milton Bodie, Cal 355 S3
Bettencnrte, Manuel de -
' S 418 Drumm st,
Brady. P. F Saii Francisco^
„ Cal ........... J71»
Bryson. Mary 223 Beale at.. •
¦ ¦' ¦: S. B*... lift 51
Buckley, Michael Mendocino Cal 313 04
Burke, Ann ....223 Sixth st., S.
• ¦ F (3 60
Callahan, Jerry Western Hotel.
„ _^ , • 8. F tl«
Cardenoa. Jennie Menlo Park.
. San Mateo,
Cal 53 05
Cavanagh, John 744 Mission st.,
S. F 1.1S4 83
Clark. Bridget San Francisco.
Cal SO 83
Corbett. Richard Tucson. Arl-
• aona Terrt-
1 tory 1455 30
Daly, Bridget A San Francisco,
Cal 82 SO
Daly. Maria San Francisco.
Delaney. Stephen .San Francisco^
Cal ... . 139 40
Doherty, Mary San Jose, Cal. 10O 11
Donahue, J. Mervyn... San Rafael. Cal 999(0
Donovan, John.... .419 Stevenson
st., S. F 541 it
Dunn. Alice 1S24 Eddy St.,
S. F... 1.059 M
Dunsford, John Howard st., bet.
5th and eth,
S. F. ......... ej 04
Edwards, Thomas M.. San Mateo, Cal 75 30
Ericson. August 228 Pacific st..
S. p 137 •*
Foster. James W Care Frank
O'Ntall,
W 1 c k h am.
Newcastle, N.
S. W., Aus-
. tralla 179 u
Oalney. Kllzabeth M...M1 4th at-, S. F U 03
Graham, James Truckee, Cal.. 337 24
green. Mary Eureka. Nev.. 373 25
Herod. George 22 2d St., S. F. 63 09
Hesslon. Patrick ij Natoma st-,
S. F 1.232 13
Higgins. Owen C Lime Point/cai 1» 94
Hogan. Thomas Steamer Pell-
, •_ : ' „ can us 19
: Hubert. N-. San Francisco, -
Cal w a
Ingemanson. Jons.... ..238 Steuart st,
Kuster. Anna B Brooklyn." Call .743a
Lawlor. Thomas "American Ex-
change H>
Lynch, Cornelius 928*13^ stf's* "^ "
Manchen, Ella as Kearny'st* ™ °
Matthews. John Wideway,,' East 2S *
Mellor. Henry S m "
S F 4* 173 ga
Moloney. Michael Humboldt Ho^
tel. 10th st.
near Mission
Moony. Mary Ann «52 Natoma" s*C 1C **
S, Ji* 1.376 33
Mulr, Mary or David San Jose, Cal. 57 OT
Mulholland. iamesi'.'.'.'Ilth & Towns-
end sts.. 3.
Murphy, Thomas Portland'.'br" vm! 03
McCauley, Henry Egan Canon,
Nev. ......... E6 30
McGauley. Stephen ...«6 Tehama tx.
S. F. ........ 14s 3*
McGrath. Bridget 33 Folsom st.
S. F tan SI
McKeand. Alex "New Atlantic
Hotel," 201
Montgomery
ave., S. F.... 175 m
McKlnnon, M. C Volcano. Ama-
McQuald. Kate ....'.. r 152°Mlnna < st* 2 «* rl W
¦ ¦ I - S. F. I n 24
• McTlmpany. John :....117 Drumm st '
S. F. 55 73
Norton. Thomas !921 Mission st,
S. F 152 11
O'Brien, Dents Point Reyes,
Cal. u« u
, O'Connor, Maria. 3)15 Mission St.,
„ " 3. F 194 17
Olsen, Andrew ....,..,12 Jackson st,
S. F 29« n
O'Neill, Ann ...13 Clara st.
9. F. '...'..... 499 94
O'Nell, Mary Alameda Point.
CRellly, Elizabeth 7« * " Harrison W M
st, S. F 102 gj
O'Reilly, Farrell J 741 Harrison
st, S F 51 40
Pevide,' Antonio da
Costa 315 Drumm st,
S. F. 945 54
Plover, Patrick San Francls-
".- : .-;•"- co, Cal tlS 2t
Was hington
Raynor. Henry square. West
End. S. F... 51 51
Reilly, John Fort McDer-
mitt. Nev.... ISO 93
Rlchter. Otto 22 Turk st
S. F. 5* 43
Samuelson. Edwin ....13 Howard st,
S. F M7 27
Sheehan. John 315 Bryant st,
S. F, 183 SI
Sllvera, Manuel L......116 Jackson st.
S. F „ 843 H
: Stempel. Edward 316 Fulton st.
. S. F 332 98
Sullivan. Patrick tt 8th st. S. F 72 91
Sullivan, Timothy San Francis-
co. Cal 333 H
Thlngler, Janette ......San Francis-
co, Cal. ..... 74 9a
Tucker, Tecla T., grxar- ,
dlan of Augustus
Temple (a minor).... 14 Dupont st.
S. F do 13
Turley. Catherine Car* Mrs.
Doyle. !7th st.
S. F. 230 3t
Whippey. George F....Salt Lake , • ¦
City, Utah.. 982 83
Total .'. J31.220 i)5
State of California.
City and Comity of San Francisco— sa.
1 do solemnly swear that I have a personal
knowledge of the matters contained In th«
foregoing statement, and that every allegation,
statement, matter and thing therein contained
is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary. 1
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th
day of December, 1901. GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco.' State of California. .
nthmcH k Its Br^^^BB
m ISufi h cHaiH M to> IS
(23 D 9 E-i CWrl Cs OP'S B h &b£I
Bt cj fcfl Y* r 1 M ffS €N_^^iH
The Weekly Call
'¦*'¦¦.' ' - ¦ . ' .¦ ' - ' 1
61 per Year.
BELsASCO *"*> THAICS JfejZQS*,
x|^jjj5—^^ Giant ctrr iuua
TO.NIGHT.f ~ crr -o
. All This Week. I I BV I
Matinees Saturday I .11,1 I
and Sundaw mJ\J kj JL
The Fascinating
Melodrama. I'M ¦sVTW^¥¥T
b- ssk e? c atcr IN NFW
The Bl? Production 111 L\MJ If
of the Season.
PRICES: !, ¥7/\W\¥7
Evenings. .10c to 50c 1/ fl B If B/
Matin's. .10c, 15c. 25c If 1 f El 1%
Next Week — "Un-
der the Gasltght." O Q
TIIF EVERY EVENING
I U L THIS WEEK.
I III Superb Production of Be-
III La lasco and De Mllle's
Great Masterpiece.
W wm tm Magnificent Costumes I
Gorgeous Scenery!
Reappearance of
_ _ Mr. George Osbourne.
I Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
and 75c.
Matinees Saturday and
Sunday.
Next Week— "FOR THE
¦ • WHITE ROSE."
i<^j^^sgiis*^**"^^^V^^~^^™j*>j^—s^"?^.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT; 2:30 P. m'
SATURDAY SUNDAY.
ADMISSION 2So AND SOc
RACING
Every W eek Day-
tir Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th4
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land." Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to th« track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and' 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE
riOVylT^nO Admission 10c.
The Sorensens: Max Stelnle: Mons. D'Aul-
nals; Mile. Atlantis: Carita; Paloma Quartet:
Valkyra Family; Joseph Lyons, and • Hlnrlchs'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 25c \ Matinee Sun-
d*y. - . " - ¦. , ¦
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and tha^
aters. Street cars to all parts of
\ the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance. ¦¦¦ . .
American and European ' plans.
NEW ADVERTISEME3STTS.
*TS¥QL1*
EVENIKGS A.T 8 SHARP!
MATIKEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
•THE TVTJfNER OF THE SDASONr
Little Red
Riding Hood
••BRINO THE CHILDREX TO SEE HER."
CSDSOXO— "THE AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c.
Telephone— Bush 9.
f*fll IIMRIA wrarairi
vULUmDIA wmzmiu
Erery IClgfct ThU W«ek (Except Sunday),
MATINEE SATURDAY,
MODJESKA
JAMES
And ea Incomparable Company la
"HENRY VIII."
The meet complete, sumptuous and scholastlo
production ever shown here.
Kext Week — Mofijeska & James la repertoire.
NEW BILL FOR NEW YEAR!
Jacques Inaadi, Girard and Gardner,
The Three Westons, Alf Holt, Jes-
sie Dale, JS.T. and TSrs. Gardner
Crane, Picolo's Liliputians, Bit-
ter's Trained Dogs, and The Bio-
graph. . •
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box
Beats and Opera. Chairs. BOc
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Beginning TO-NIGHT. FAREWELt. WEEK
MINNIE~~SELIGMAN
Iq a Grand Double Bill of
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
A. Camtno's Dramatization of Alexander Sal-
vlnl's Greatest Success, and
"COMEDY AND TRAGEDY."
Mary Anderson's Favorite Play, by W. S.
Gilbert-
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, BOc. 76c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next TTeek— "CLAIRE AND THE FORGE-
¦ MASTER."
1 i
TO-:SIGHT AND THIS WEEK ONLY
(Matinee Saturday),
Mr. Myron B. Rice Presents the Effervescent
Ecstasy.
WHOSE BABY
ARE YOU?
' WITH . • . v
MPiY UOKES, gt<\
CHAS. W. BOWSER
And a Strong Company. l?iCyt?'
SEATS READT. Vw/
Next Sunday— RICHARD GOL- /Si§*
In "OLD JED PROUTY." i'-mt&jt
SEATS THUESDAT. a *»*»»»•
'¦-¦HPS5ES3W&'
The Bi-erb wi.T stimulate the
digestive organs, arou-e the s'us-
gish liver and cure IndigeLt.cn
Dyspepsia, Constipation, Livar
and Kidney u roubles and Ma-
lapia. A.fair trial will convince
vouof its value.
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
JUfiU BROADWA.T. N. T.
itOOFING SLATE.
'." VTe are preDared to furnish unexcelled black
also (fray, ', rooflnst , slate, - manufactured at our
quarries In El Dorado County. . We . Invite com-
parlBon « with any Eastern slate.
On ¦ Replication . full ¦ Information will be ' fur-
nished intending? builders.'' '
EUREKV ; LATE CO
Room 15, Second Floor, Mills Building.
¦--.: .-:¦ San : Franclaco. Cal. . , - . '.
DR. HALL'S fiEINYiGORATOR«H^
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five hW^%IW
hundred reward for any case ws &*** ¦**S
cannot cure. ¦;¦ This secret ' remedy B - a
cures Emissions. Impotency, |g35B P-3s&
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. r7&1 C7t3
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- . WM ifrMl
hood and all ¦ other wasting ' ef- ' BeaH ' Bra
fects of self-abuse or excesses. EjB%2W3s?
Sent sealed, »2 bottle; I bottles. $5; guaranteed
to .•: cure ' any . case. '* Call * or address orders >
HALL'S « MEDICAL INSTITDTE,^. 856 ': Broad*
way, Oakland. Cal. ~ .'Also 1 for -sale - at 1073V,
Market St., a F. •¦¦ Send for free book. -
A special dispatch from Boston. . May
5, 1900, totha N..I. .Sun gives ¦ aa^new
regrulatlons of the Boston Board of Health
as to barber shops: "Mug^, shaving 1
•brushes . and -razors shall ; : be
after each separate use thereof. ,; A sepa-
rate, i clean towel shall- be used ; for each
jverson. . Material to stop the flow of "blood
shall ;be used only > in powdered form, and
applied on : a towel. : Powder, puffs are pro-
hibited."; ¦Wherever Newbro's "Herplcide"
is used l for face "or scalp after shaving ] or
hair '¦ cutting ¦ there • Is . no : danger, as j It'» la
antiseptic, and kills the dandruff germ.
of All That Barbers Use on
•v j Customers.
Board of : Health. Orders Sterilization
BOSTON'S BARBER REGTTLATIONS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
I ROLL TOP DESKS AT A SACRIFICE!!
i . . SALE CONTINUES DURING THIS WEEK. 1
I] We have a lot of medium and low-grade Roll and Flat Top Oak Desks which must be sold B
fl at a sacrifice to make way on our floors for 'Spring stock;* ' - \ ' 11
y A Rare Opportunity, to Buy an Office Desk Cheaper Than 'Ever Before. i
r "\ i Mtt iHwCttii 0w>sHJBwfBPiww&feS^^v?^s8Btt|B^B^wHB^s8WasHsssB5R9s^^ «• /i/i/7/Tr 0 /7^7/7 i^
\-\ /By f^WacBaiSgli^y ofinM^(flKjfEnrbiMITCffnmiTsnsH^iCsB^T^ sssB^sPBB^Bf^sWBlff^sssMA KsVAlilvC/ VvlvVv HB
CJ /"/I C* J J "\ ff ' l' oC^El^r jtfl \?m^9 JsHi aty^9Sjja3 IBB p^jQ{J^j^f-j^j^SJ5aMgP^Bff^^^^aH ifcsfi^ /*B iHySsHpIW fe j
Mj C^C/Jr 1 ?¦ J |V iKi j^^^ * iK^ yggffBftC>i|lB»OBg hP^frM^iSnit^EWBssr^ssPTTHssW " .--^-' *^^^^V PpaEy jttttj jt /¦ I E3
fr f ]H^^"*^*5^>^ >^jy J iv L Ltj>\J^j *^/ 1 Cvt t^\j * ffiw
H In the lot there are several small Desks, lust the right size to Sit in the wse corner of a f§
I small office, where every square inch counts, and there are many that will, present a handsome 1
I] appearance in the more spacious and handsomely furnished office or library. fl
fl SOME OF THE BARGAINS: I
h Roll Top Desk, 47 in. high, 4! in. long, 27 in. deep ...$17.25 |
H Roll Top Desk, 45 in. high, 49 in. long, 30 in. deep 19.00 1
h\ Roll Top Desk, 46 in. high, 49 in. long, 30 in. deep ...22.50 1
U Roll Top Desk, 52 in. high, 51 in. long, 30 in. deep. ;... 24.50 I
j I Roll Top Desk, finest quartered oak, reduced from $50 to..... 39.00 1
tj 1 Roll To'p Desk, finest quartered oak, reduced from $60 to 49.00 |
|j And many other bargains in Desks and Office Chairs. |
1 p a TTom HiPil Cor - i6th and S
| r r\ 1 1 V^OIJLwl^l O« Mission Streets §
ATWTTKW. M KM'I'jj.
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.EASTERN MARKETS.
xiThe Raisin packers and growers have agreed.
, owing .to the : present, conditions; as to the de
livery of the remaining seeded Raisins,; to leave
the /quotations'; withdrawn ', for . the ; time being.
The ¦ quotations \ below.' represent ' the last prices
quoted; "and -are wholly, nominal. Otherwise
.there Is no change in the market. - The feeling
; in fruits is as firm as ever. ; '
V.. FRUlTS-^Aprlcots. ;7®S%c, for Royals and S
: @13c ¦ for . standard to" fancy ' Moorparks ; Evap
orated , Apples, * 7@8VJc ; ' sun-dried, 4@4 %c ;
. Peaches. * 5@7%c; P^ars, ¦" 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5%c: unpitted.l@2.c; Nectarines; 5®
- : 5%c-for red'and 5%@6%c for white; Figs." 4c.
for black and C0@75c per -box: for. white. • •
\h:< PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted ; as. foUows:
Dried Fruits, Nuts: and Raisins,
Informal • Session— 9 : 15 V clock — May— 10, 000
ctls, $1 10J4.- ;
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were
higher.;. The world's shipments ~ for^ the week
were as In quarters: ; Russian,- 170,000;
Danubiati, 112,000;: Argentine,': 21,000;" Indian.
29.000; . Australian, .13,000. " The American vis
ible >upply Increased 281,000 bushels.":" '
Chicago advanced from 83 %c to 84 %c. Local
holders'-sold' freely.- but -the " Southwest were
good buyers.; ;The high prices for coarse grains;
active feeding ; to ' stock ; and ; the small , move
ment in winter wheat caused very active buy
ing; -.The .foreign" markets were .inclined to lag !
All : Interior points I reported . a light movement,
except the ) Northwest. - Missouri, : Kansas ! and
Nebraska- sent increasing complaints ' of i dam
age by dry weather." Minneapolis reported 50 -
000, bushels taken for export via St. Louis and
New Orleans, and Kansas City and . St.' Louis
sent- Inquiries to Chicago for Spring wheat..- ¦_>;--.
•This 'market! was a fraction; or: so higher
again/ both -on and off call. ¦ •. , .• • ¦
Spot -Wheat —Shipping, $1 06^@l 07% ;' mill
ing, $1 OS%@1: 10/per ctl. — '. • -
Wheat and Other- Grains.
erpool reported a shortage of stocks. and ;con
sequent; better , prices there and Paris also sent
better cables. There was an excited and higher
opening... Offerings ". everywhere ¦" were scanty
The Northwest had' liberal receipts, but prices
there were high. Minneapolis reported a strong
cash market with millers buying at only &@lc
under May prices. No. "2 red winter sold here
at tJS'^jc,: and at. Kansas City at 91@92c. May
wheat at. St. Louis touched 91 %'c. The'traiie
was very large, and large - quantities late In
the ¦ day were put . on . the . market . for . profits
These were taken up readily,, but only, at rapid
increases. There was a time about the middle
cf the session when business, lulled .and the
election of , the president of the aboard was of
more interest, than the- market. -The. outside
demand, however, kept up well and. in epite of
the bearish influences of Increase- in shipments
the amount on passage and the Visible suppiy'
prlces - took ' another upward spurt The out
siders seem practically, in control, of the * mat
ket. May, which opened , %@%c up at 83%©
84c,- touched 84% c toward the close In a broad
excited market, . and . closed il%c. hlgher--at
S4l4o. ; The previous , record . for this crop,
CHICAGO, Jan. 6. — Scarcity of wheat and
a revival of . bull : enthusiasm -were the influ
ences that started a booming market '.Sat
urday had eeen a strong close in' wheat, Liv-
UNITED STATES BONDS. :
Bid. Ask. . gjj j^-v
4s quar coup. —^ 113 4s qr c (new)130^140
4s quar reg..lll%112i4 3s quar coun.108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 6s.l08V*109>i Oceanic 5s..— 103
Cal-st 6s....ll6«, — Ombus C 6s . 130 « —
C C Wat 5s. — — . Pac G Im 4a. 96 100
Ed L & P 6s. — . — Pk&C H (SB. . -_
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6s.. — 120
Geary-st 6s.. — 1C0 Pwl-st R €3.118*4120
H C&S 5^is. — — Sac-EGR 5s. — 9714
Do 5s..... — 100V4 SF & SJV5s. 12114 _' a
LAKE R 5s. — 119ii Sierra Cal 6s. — _
L A Light 63 — . — ; SP.of Ar6« .
Do gtd 6s. — — (1009> m
Do gtd 5s. 103% — (1910)' .... _ rt->
LA&P5S. 99. — SP of Cal 6a
Do ,1cm 5S.101 102 - (1905)Sr A.108iil08?4
Mkt-st C 6S.125 126 . (1905 Sr B 109 # 109 2
Do lem 58.121 123% (1906) ....liofimv
N R Cal 63.. 109% — v (1912). . ".Il^S _
Do C» 121% — » S P Cal 1st
N Prc C 5b. 1 04 W, 105V, c yntd 5s. 110 ¦
N CaJ R 5s..ll2%113% S P BrCal6s.l36H —
Oak Gas 5s.. 113 y 3 — IS V Wat Cs.tl2 —
Oak, Trns tis.l24v. — 1 Do. 4s 102 ! »i —
Do 1st c5s.lOS9illO I' Do 4s 3d mlOl 101%
Oak W g 69.. — 104% Btktn Gas Cs.lO2y;iO5
,' WATER STOCKS..
Contra. Costa' 78 •£ 74 H Port Costa' . . 63 V, f-9
Marln Co.... 58' -,— .. Spring Val.. — ?«
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L& P. 2% 2?i t Pac Ught... 45 — "¦'
Eqt G.L Co. 3 3"i Sacramento .'• — * 35 "
Mutual ..... — 5% S F G & E. 40 40»i
O G L.& H. 51\. 52% San Fran.... 5« —
Pac Gas Imp — ._ 40 - iBtkta G *fc B - 8 . —
MONDAY, Jan. 6-2 -.30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND . EXCHANGE.
Silver is lower. Sterling Exchange is higher,
but domestic rates remain as before: ¦ '• • . • . ¦
Sterling Exchange, 00 days....'. '; — .. $4 85
Sterling Exchange. . sight. ..... . — 4 S8 ¦
Sterling Cables ........-.....'... 4 89
New York Exchange, sight. .... — ' 02i<
New York Exchange, telegraph; — / ¦ 05 '
Silver, -per ounce.. ..:...-. .;...- 1 . l v—,-",- 55^
Mexican Dollars,, nominal. ...... 44% .@ 45 >
Exchange -and Bullion.
Fancy, large Navels continue scarce and firm,
but email Navels and seedlings - are plentiful
and cheap. The weather is against Lemons,
, which: are slow. Some fresh Persimmons ar
rived. '. .'..:"
Three cars of New Orleans Bananas came in.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS. '
APPLES—^$1 50@l 75 per box for "extra, 75c
@$1 25 for good to choice and 25@u0c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples." 75c<§$l 60.- . . "
PEARS— Winter- kinds, 75c@$2 60 per box. '¦
PERSIMMONS— 75c per box. ¦
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay. $2 50 per box.
. CITRUS FRUITS^Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 25
. for • standards,-. $1 25®2 ¦ for . choice - and •- f 2 25
@2 76 for fancy; Seedlings, 50c@$l;- Tanger
. ines, ' $1 25@1 50; Japanese : Mandarins 75c®
$1; Lemons, . 50c@$l . for common and $1@1 75
for' good to ' choice." and $2@2 50 for . fancy;
Grape • Fruit, ' $1®3; ¦ Mexican'. . Limes, $4@
•4 60: Bananas. $1 75@2 75 per ' bunch : for New
Orleans and $1@2 ¦ for : Hawaiian; ¦ Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen. - - •¦;¦.•-••-¦
About a car and a half of Oranges sold at
auction as follows: ." Fancy Navels," $2.50;
choice do, $1 50@2; standard, 75c@$l'75; seed
lings,- 50c@$l. '.- - '¦¦--: ' • •¦
Apples are In good supply. A. mixed car from
Humboldt came in and the Pomona brought* 932
boxes."; ¦- : ; -.' ' ¦. ... . - ; ..•• . . •'¦ ¦ • , "
Coos ' Bay Cranberries are dragging.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits:
Portland's' Business.. -]
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 6.-^Clearings, $5lf,
613; balances." $59,888. v
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 6. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 63@63%c; ..Valley, 63®64c; bluestem 64
@t)5c. , , ¦ .. ' :--.'.
' [ ... : - - WASHINGTON. : . : % ¦. ¦'•
TACOMA, Jan. 6.— Wheat — Unchanged •
bluestem, 63c; club. 62c*. .'
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 46 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
Washington coast and the mo6t pronounced
ft orm of the season appears to be approaching
The ir-ain portion of the storm will probably
move eastward rapidly through the Northern
States, but conditions are Euch that a southerly
extension Is likely.- This will probably break
the existing dry spell and rain will fall as far
couth as San Francisco, and possibly Southern
California later. Southeast storm warnings are
displayed from Point Reyes northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 7. 1902:
Northern California — Rain Tuesday; fresh
southeast winds; high on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
«'<ather Tuesday; probably rain before Wednes
day; light westerly winds changing to south
er! y.
Nevada — Cloudy ' Tuesday; probably light
rain; light southerly winds. P
Sao Francisco and vicinity — Rain Tuesday
brick southeast winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
THE COAST RECORD.
BUTTER — Creamery, j 25@26c per lb for
fancy and 20@23c for seconds; dairy. 17%©
22c: store r Butter. 14@17c ¦ per .lb: Creamery
Tub.. 20c; -Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg. 16@18c
per lb. ¦ v -¦.¦¦¦¦¦
CHEESE — New, • Jl%@12c; old, 10@llc;
Young America." 13c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c. -
EGGS — Ranch, 31c"for selected large, 30c for
good to choice and 27%@29c for fair; store. 24®
26c per dozen; cold storage, 20@25c; Eastern,
20®26c. ;
There' was no" material change In ' the quota
tions , for Butter, Cheese- and , Eggs. . | An occa
sional dealer, quoted 32c for fancy large ranch
EggF, but this price generally carried delivery
to the retailer with it, so It was above the
market: ' The large downtown- retailers report
ed that they could fill all their, wants, at 31c
for 'the very best. There • was less pressure . to
sell among commission merchants than on Sat
urday, however. Stocks continued moderate.' |
Supplies of Butter were rather light, but a
steamer is due to-day with a liberal line. - " .
¦ Cheese continues plentiful. ¦¦ •'; -¦ -j ;•' • ;
Receipts were 26,100 pounds of Butter, -r—
pounds of Eastern Butter, 473 - cases of Eggs.
cases i of Eastern Eggs, - 7000 pounds "of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— Consols. ' 94%d; silver.
25«4d; French rentes. lOOf 45c. - Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet, steady;" No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s ' 4 V&d; "Walla -Walla. 29a 6d;
English country markets, quiet but steady; Im
ports into United Kingdom, wheat, 233,000 cen
tals; flour. 215,000 centals; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 3,010,000 centals;
wheat and flour on passage to continent, 970,000
centals; Indian shipments wheat to United
Kingdom, 29,000 centals; to Continent, none. '
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 6.— Wheat, firm; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, fine. . — ¦ • '. -..A -
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-32d. . i:_ :
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 8.— There was a generally
firm feeling in the market for evaporated ap
ples to-day, but trading . was 1 only , moderate
Offerings were light. State, common. to good
7@3%c; prime, . 9%@9%c: choice, 9-7i@10c
fancy. 10%@llc. " California' dried fruits were
quiet and unchanged, 1 Prunes,' 3%®S7c. Apri
cots—Royal, 10@14<J; '."• Moorpark,. 9W&13c.'
Peaches— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 7 1 ,i@12i / ic
DRIED FRUITS,
Sugar — Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3Uc;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 21ic.
Refined was steady. .-
Coffees-Spot Rlo.'easy."". No. '7' Invoice,' 7c*
mild, quiet. Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures closed
steady, with prices 10 points net -lower. - Total
sales, 46,750 bags, including: March, 5.C5®
U.SOc; May, 0.85® 6.95c; June, 6.95@7.00c; July
7.05@7.10c; October. 7.30@7.35c.
Wool, dull
Flour— Receipts. 28,140 barrels; exports, 7SCC
barrels; market higher. . closing firm. Winter
patents, $3 75@4; winter straights, $3 55@3 75-
Minnesota patents, $3 85@4 20; winter extras
$2 90@3 20; Minnesota bakers, $2 95@3 3. r .;
winter low grades, 70@-2 80.
Wheat — Receipts, 33;270* bushels; exports'
23,967 bushels; spot fli-m. No. 2. red, 91%c t
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 89%c elevator; No. 1
northern Duluth, 89%c f. o. -b. afloat; No 1
hard Duluth, Ot$%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were active and very etrong all day with
«<ho.-ts and the public big buyers. Bullishness
was encouraged by higher cables, strong out
side .'markets.' unfavorable winter wheat • crop
news and foreign buying. - Closed Etrong at
13Jc.net advance. May, 8S%@89 I / 5C, closed
S9«4c; July, 87 15-16@8Sftc, closed 88«c.
Hops, quiet
Hides, quiet.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— New high records for
the season were established In j wheat to-day,
attended by speculative excitement In all mar
kets, following a return of the outelde bull
output after a .month's re"st.. At New York
May sold up to 89&c. or %c higher than- It
had been at any time last year. Sentiment
again became very strong In the .wheat situa
tion because of unfavorable crop news in win
ter wheat States, a continued big cash 1 de
mand for feeding purposes and the short crops
cf corn and oats. - : - ,
The United Petroleum Company, will pay iu
quarterly dividend of $2 25 per share Jan
uary 15. : . -
The. Union Oil Company will pay iu regular
quarterly dividend of.$l 35 per share. January
15. . ¦ . _
Stocks ex-dividend were: Imperial Oil. 20c •
Thirty-three Oil. 10c; Paciflc Lighting. 35c, or
$11,550. ' '
The Sacramento Gas,- Electric and Railway
Company paid a dividend of 15c per share on
the-2d. ¦ ' " ¦ . '
' Business > was quiet, on the Stock and Bond
Exchange. '.The only noteworthy, changes were
an .advance ( in Makaweli to $28 and a decline
in Giant Powder to $80%. The oil stocks were
quiet and featureless. : . . • ¦¦
Flour, qr sks.'. 45,987] Straw, tons .>. 5
Wheat, etls 4.705 j Buckwheat, sks. 45s
Barley, ctls, 8,200 Beans, sks . 86
Wool, sks .1... 11!) Bran, sks 1 9S4
Beans, sks 86. Pelts, bdls ... ' 60
Oats, etls .;.... 635 j Hides, No. .... 99
Hops; ska ...".. " 2 'Quicksilver flks." ".14
Corn, etls ..... 960 Tallow, ctls .... 420
Potatoes, sks... • 7,0051 wine, gals .... 42400
Rye. ! ctls .. * 2.900; Brandy, gals .. 7*500
Onions, sks ... f>6S ; Paper, cars .... . 2
Beans, sks .". ... 1.9S4 Lime, bbla .... 182
Middlings, sks.. , 5S5 Leather, rolls . 75
Hay, tons ..... 658 Sugar,' ctls .... 2245
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 13,2021 Potatoes, ska .. 3 058
Wheat, ctls ..... 140! Onions sks .... 160
Oats, ctls .... 2,060 Bran, sks 1,940
WASHINGTON.
Oats, 'ctls : .'...' 2,9651 Onions, 'sks .\. 213
Potatoes, sks ..' 4;013| Flaxseed, sks .. 2,738
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY. «.
NEW YORK, Jan.. 6. — The . cotton . market
opened steady, with prices 2 to 4 points lower,
and closed -steady, prices net 1 to 4 points
higher, r " ' '
New York Cotton, Market.
Last 21 This Last
Stations — Hour;. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.01 15.32 2G.63
Red Bluff 0.00 10.30 12.90
Sacramento 0.00 6.33 0.98
San Francisco 0.00 5.94 10.84
Fr%sno 0.00 3.25 «.67
Independence 0.00 1.34 3.62
San Luis Oblcpo 0.00 4.56 18.62
Loe Angeles 0.00 2.46 7.35
San Diego 0.00 0.77 1.79
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SI: minimum. 43; mean, 47.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
lioston 28-24!Omaha 50-30
Cincinnati 3S-2S Duluth 86-24
Philadelphia 3C-24:Salt Lake City 30-28
New York 32-24! Chicago 32-24
Kansas City 32-26; St. Louis 36-28
Jacksonville 48-36: Washington 36-24
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— To-day" s statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 .gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balances, $173,840,727; gold. $112,755,887.
Condition of the Treasury.
Estate of Annl* M. McCormtck (by Francis
L. McCbnnlck) to Llpman C. Coleman. lot oa
N line- of Turk>street. 181:3 Wof Larkln. N
137:6 by W 25; $9700. 8fcS%
City and County of San Francisco to Martha
Wood (executrix of th« estate of J. M. Wood),
lot on S line of Union street. 108 E of Octavia,
E 109. S 137:6. W 107:11. N 137:8.
August D. and Christina Roth to Henry
Ecchweiler. lot on E line of Hollls street, 50 3
of O'Farrell. S 25 by E 80; $10.
Florence R. and Moses E. Ellis to George H.
Kahn. lot on N W corner of Pino and Plerc*
streets. N 24:6 by W 87:6; $10.
Alexander R. Baldwin to David Stark. lot
on NW corner of Devlsadero and Filbert
streets, W 30 and N 137:6; $10.
Cornelius and Elizabeth (or Lizzie) Garson to
Maggie E. Barr (wife of Stewart A.), lot on;>T
line of Washington street, ¦ 81 :3 W of Baker.
W 25 by N 102:814: *1O-
Richard S. and Isabella M. Williams to Hal
A. (or Henry A.) Curtis. lot #n N line of Pag»
street. 131:3 \V of Ashbury. W 60 by N 157:6
$10. .
Charles and Jeasia M. Patton to Herman
Schrader. J lot on 8 line of Waller street. 60 B
at Shrader. E 25 by 8 100; $10.
Augusta K. Gitbs to Cassius E. Lamburth.
lot on W line of Capp street, 120:2«4S of Six
teenth. S 25 by W 105; $10.
Josie Welch (wife of Frank) and Marie A.
(or Maria A.) Almon to August N. Hasselgren.
lot "on " NE corner of ¦ Dore street. 115 SE of
Bryant. SE 25 by NE 85-; $10,
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to August and
Olga F. Braun. lot on N line of Eighteenth
street. 25 E of Hartford. E 25 by N 100; $10.,
Eliza (or Eliza A.) Greer to Antonio and
Marie W. Leonettl. lot on'N line of Twenty
fourth street, 100 .W of Potrero avenue. W 25
by-N 100; $10.
Fausto E. and Maria Mascherini to Pas
quals O. ' Mollnarl, lot on S Un» of Greenwich
street, 147:6 E of Powell, E 25 by B 100; $10
Edward A. and Laura B. M. Klueget to
Philip O'Donnell, lot on W line of Leaven
worth ' street. 70 N of "Washington. N 67 :« by
W 137:8; $5.
Patrick and Ellen Dugan to Kate F. Delaney
(Quintan) lot on S line of Green street, 137:8
E of Hyde. E 68:9 by S 137:6. quitclaim deed;
$10. -
Kate F. Delaney (Quintan) to Robina L.
Boardman (wife of "W. C), same; $10.
Emma L. Spauldlng (widow) to F. D.
gpauldlng. undivided % lot on 3 Une of Te-
J;ama street, 430 W of Fourth, S 80 by "W 75;
$10. .
Thor Heydenfeldt to Josephine H. Heyden
feldt. undivided 1-5 lot on SE corner of Eighth
and Howard streets. 137:6 by 137:6: $10.
Harry .and Sarah L. Hicks to Samuel I,ong
ley, lot on E line of Second avenue. 200 N of
Clement street. N 23 by E 120; $10.
- George F. Lyon to John Bashf ord, lot on E
line of Tenth avenue. 350 S of J street. S \23
by E 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Henry and MInnta Grafmiller to J. p. Cab
anot. lot 1. block D. Map Kllnknerville Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Mary Z. Chamberlain (widow) to Thoma«
Addison. .lot on N line of Dwight way. 108.57
AV of Piedmont' way. N 131.03. W 30. S 12rt.Tt>,
E 50.19, being a portion of block C. map por
tion of Berkeley property. Berkeley; $100.
W. H. and Cynthia Maria Conlln to Mrs M
R O. Streull (wife of William A.), lot 16 block
4. Map McGee Tract, being a portion of plat
67. Berkeley: $10.
Mary "Walker to "William Walker, lot on a
line of Elizabeth street. 150 E of Nutley ave
nue and 465 S of Tra.sk . street, E 80 by 3
110.36, portion 1 acre, lots 45 and 77, Kings
land Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. •
Mary A. McGlvney to Nellie ,W. Kellosrsr
lot 11. block t27, Keilojrg's Map. Oakland: $10*
1 • ¦
BEAIi ! ESTATE : TRANSACTIONS
Wheat, 59,920,000 bushels; increase, 281,000
bushels; corn, 11,703,000 bushels; Increase, 431.
000 bushels: oats, 5,530,000 bushels; decrease,
264,000 bushels; rye, 2,361,000 bushels; decrease,
120,000 bushels; barley, 1,324,000 bushels; de
crease, 129,000 bushels. . . ¦
NEW YORK, Jan., 0.— The visible supply pf
grain Saturday, January. 4, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Visible Grain Supply.
American stocks were unsatisfactory,- with
little -Interest taken in them, as the public Is
absorbed in Africans. Hence they sagged
throughout, except United States Steel of
which the Morgan interests talk- very bull
ishly.
The stock market slackened- to-day: and the
tone was irregular.' Even South African shares
that developed buoyancy last week were quiet;
The causes of this new market mood were prin
cipally bellicose attitude of Argentina and the
flatness of copper, which fell 1^ to £47 per
ton on the cutting of prices. In America. Rio
Tlntos touched 3914, the lowest since 1899.
NEW YORK. Jan.. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:- ?"•
London Market.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered,' 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c-
Dry Granulated, 4.80cu Confectioners* A. 4.80c-
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C^ 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c-more; boxes. Me more
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent.. Dominoa.
half-barrels, 5.30c: boxes.; 5.55c per lb.- -
OILS — California Castor Oil. in cases No 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed OH. 1 In barrels, boiled
67c: raw, 65c; cases, 5c -more; Lucol. 53c 'for
boiled and 56c .for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. -90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfooti
in" barrels. 70c: cases. 75c; Snerm, pure • fiSc*
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon -
Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c; cases, 42V£c; Cocoanut
Oil," barrels," 63'/4c " for Ceylon and 68I3C for
Australian.
COAL OIL— -Water W*ite Coal Oil. In bulk.
1315c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk 15c- in
cases 2114c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In 'cases
20»4e; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In
cases. 26Ue. - •-.» —
TURPENTINE— Higher at 61%c per gallon
In cases and 5514c in drums and Iron barrels
SUGAR— The Western. Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Cooa
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $S 50:" co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland. J.12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15-
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $8 45 ner 2C00 lbs and $S 60 per ton. ac
cord I nz" to" brand. " " . "
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, V-c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags
32@.?5c; Fleece Twine. 7%©8c.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Money on call was
steady at. 414@6 per. cent;, closing bid and of j
fered, 414@5 per cent; ' prime mercantile pa
per. 5*?5!4 per cent; sterling exchange" was
firm, with actual business In bankers', bills at
$i 87U for. demand and at $4.8S14@4 88% for
sixty days: posted rates, •- $4 8414 @4^ 85 and
$4 8714@4 SS; commercial .+ bills, $4!S314@4 84;
bar silver, 55%c; Mexican' dollars; .44 Uc.
Bonds — Governments, firmer; a States, Inactive;
railroads. Irregular. \. ¦¦¦¦¦' - ¦ ¦•'¦ ' -:¦ ¦'• ... • •
New York Money Market
GAME — Doves,- per dozen, $1: Hare, $10
1 25; Rabbits, . $1 50 for Cottontails and
SI for Brush; Mallard, $r?@3 50: Canvasback.
$3 50@4; Sprig, $2@2 25; Teal.- $1 25@1 50;
Widgeon, $1 25@1 60; Small Ducks. $1 25;
Black Jack, ,$125; English- Snipe,- .$2; Jack
Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese,
$1@1 25; Brant. $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers. $3
@4 50. . , .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys,' 10@18c;
Live Turkeys, 121-iW13V4c for Gobblers and 13
@14c for- Hens; Geese., per pair,- $1 50SJ1 75;
Goslings. $1 75®2; Ducks. $4 50O5 for old and
$6@7 for young; Hens. $4 50<B5 50; young
Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
$4@4 50; Broilers, $4(S5 for large and $3@3 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 75@2 for Squabs. ;
There were three cars of Eastern. Poultry on
the market, sales being made as follows: Hens,
$5 60@6; old . Roosters, $4 50; young do, $6;
Fryers; $4 50; old Ducks. $5;. young' do. $7 50*
Geese, $2 25; Pigeons, $1 75; Squabs. $3; live
Turkey 9, 1214@14c; dressed do, 16® 18c.
Receipts of local ¦ Poultry were insignificant.
Game was slow of sale. Arrivals were 142
sks. The market was firm, however. •
Poultry and Game.
; VEGETABLES — Green : Peas from Los An
geles, 2@5c: String Beans from Los Angeles,
6<@10c;. Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl: .Los Angeles
Tomatoes, 50c@$l 50 per box and 75c@$l 75 per
crate; Dried Peppers, to® 12 14c per lb; Los An
geles do. . 15@17>/4c; Dried Okra. 1214@15c per
lb; Carrots. 35(S50c per sack; Cucumbers. 250
75c; hothouse do, 50c@$l 75 per dozen; Garlic,
lVl@214c: Los -Angeles Green Peppers, 10c;
Egg Plant- from Los Angeles, 15'S l 20c; . Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles. $1@1 75: Mar
rowfat Squash. $5®8 per ton; Hubbard Squash.
$5@3r Mushrooms, nominal.- • :
• POTATOES— 85c@$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river:- Salinas Burbanks. $1 30@l 60: Ore
gon Burbanks. . $1 25@1 60: Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 20(31 40; River Reds, $1 40@l 00:
Early Rose, for seed, $1, 13@1 25; Sweets, $1 25
for Merced.. : . . -; ; -
ONIONS — $1 50@l 75 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
@1 Oflfc • '¦-,. 7
. Some ' forced Asparagus from the Sacramento
River was offering at 15@20c per lb, with 110
buyers. ¦ ': - -'
. Two cars of Sweets came In and brought ad
vanced prices.
Green Peas from Los Angeles' were plentiful
and . overheated.
Receipts of Potatoes were large, amounting
to 15,041 sks. Of these 7000 sks were from the
River, 3056. from Oregon and 401." from Wash
ington. Dealers quoted a steady and unchanged
market,- however.
Receipts of Onions were 946 sks. Prices
were easier for -the local product:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
PORK— Live Hog*., from 150 to 250 lbs 6c;
under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c: sows 20 per cent off:
boars. 30 , per cent off, and stass 40 per cent
off from the above. quotations; dressed Hogs,
7@814c.
LAMB— 9@914e per lb.
¦ Retail prices for meats, as furnished by the
Butchers' Protective Association, appear In the
first column. ¦ . ' »
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7%@8c for Steers and 614@7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL-^-Large, 7@814c: small,' 8<B10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 83814c: Ewes, 7%©8c
per lb. .
Hogs are In light supply, but there are
enough to go around, as the packers are not
doing much at the moment. Other meats re
main as before. - -
San Francisco Meat Market.
.; NEW YORK/ Jan. 6.— Tin at London eased
oft '15s under,. light selling pressure and. closed
easy in tbrie.% with. spot quoted at £101 l.'s and
futures'" at./ £99, 15s.'-. Here- the: market was
'weak,? with '*¦ spot i' at! the' close quoted at 22(§!
¦23c." -No jbusirieas" of importance took place.
y At ; London'/copper 'dropped '£l'from' Friday's
close; thus .spot, was. quoted at £47 and fu
tures at £47 10s, while the local market was
still unsettled .-and nominally unchanged "at
1214c- for -Lake Superior,' 12c for electrolytic
'and -41!4c ; for casting. -Lead at New York
was .without change.- and dull at' 4c, while
values at. London gained- 5s, bringing spot up
to : £10 Ss9d. .-"..; Spelter •" was dull and un
changed at. home and abroad, closing at 4.30c
and £16.. 12s 6d respectively. The price of pig
iron warrants advanced 50 points to-day, which
had the effect of causing a firm undertone, but
the rest of the list was without change. Fig
iron warrants. $11@12; No. 1 northern foun
dry. $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry, northern, $15@
15 50; No. 1 foundry, southern, $15 50@16; No.
1 foundry, southern soft, $15® 16. - . -.
Glasgow Iron .warrants - closed : at 4Ss and
Middlesboro closed at 43s 3d.
NezvrYork Metal Market.
" . ;'. , -st. joseph; '
. ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Jan. 6.— Cattle — Receipts,
2300-'10@25c lower. Native stocks, $3 25@7 25;
cows 7 and -heifers. $1 25@5 10; veals, $3@6;
stockers and feeders, $2@4 15.
: Hog3— Receipts, (»500; market ; 10c ". lower.
Light - and light mixed; .$5 75@6 35; medium
and heavy. .'$« 15®6 65; pigs. $3 76@4 SO.
Sheep — Receipts. 1CC0; market steady.
CHICA.GO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 6.— Cattle— Receipts, 30,000.
Including 250 Texans; slow', and advance of
last week, lost.- Good to prime, $6 50@7 35;
poor to medium, $4@6; stockers and feeders,
$2@4 35; cows, $1 25(34 65; heifers, $2 50@5;
canners. $1'25@2 30; bulls. $1 73@4 60; calve*,
$3@C 50;' Texas fed steers, $3®0. - . '¦
.' .Hogs— Receipts : To-day, 43,000; to-morrow,
39,000; .left over, 10,000; bulk of sales, steady;
closed weak. :^ Mixed and butchers, $« 10@U 150;
good to Choice' heavy, $6 35@6 70; rough heavy.
$B<gO 25; light, $5 90@-6 30; bulk of sales. 50 10
@6 40. r ¦¦ : •. - '. ¦ '- - '.¦¦¦¦¦'¦-.¦
Sheep— Receipts, 28,000: sheep,- weak. to 13c
lower;vlambs. .weak to 25c lower. Good .to
choice ' wethers. $4 25(g-5; fair to choice mixed,
$3 50#4; Western sheep. $4 25@4 95; native
lambs; $3 50@6 10; Western lambs; $5@5 80. '
Eastern "Livestock .Market.
MONDAY, Jan. 6^ — 4 p. m.
'. * Bid. Ask. ' • Bid. Ask.
Alpha- 01 .02 Justice ...... uti 07
Alta. ........ 05 08 Kentuck ..... 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash.. 01
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 39 40
Best & Belch 12 14 Occidental ... OS Oft
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 91 s»2
Caledonia ... 32 34 Overman .... 16 17
Challenge Con 18 17 Potosl 13 14
Chollar 08 09 Savage 00 07
Confidence ... 61 83 Scorpicn ..... — . 04
Con C & V.I 65 1 70 Seg Belcher.. 04 05
Con -Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev .. 23 2t
Con "N York. 01 — Silver Hill ;. 48 47
Crown Point. 10 11 St Louis .... — 04
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 50 3 75
Exchequer ...- — 02 Syndicate ... 06 07
Gould & Cur. 06 GS Union Con ... IS 19
Hale & Nor.. 26 27 Utah 06 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket 09 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar 09 200 Overman .... 17
100 Con C & V.I 671i 800 Overman .... 15
200 Con C & Va.l 70 800 Potosl 14
300 Crown Point. 10 200 Savage ...... «M
500 Gould & Cur. 07 500 Sierra Nev... 23
20O Mexican 30 300 Union Con .. 1»
200 Overman * i. . . - 18 • 200 Yellow Jacket : »•
Morning Session.
200 Belcher '. loi 600 Ophir 89
100 Caledonia ... 23! 200 Ophir ....... 1)0
100 Caledonia .... 2C 200 Overman .... 00
200 Caledonia ... 2a 500 Overman .... 11
200 Chollar 07 500 Overman 12
700 Chollar .. 08 900 Overman .... 13
200 Con C « Va.l 7011800 Potosl 11
300 Con C & V.I 67% I 700 Potosl - 12
2<X> Hale & Nor.. 23! 500 Potosl V.
2fl0 Hale & Nor.. 26 1 120ft Savage ...... Mi
100 Mexican 38' 200 Sierra Nev... 22
The following wer* the sales la the Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
300 Andes ... 021 1500 Overman .'... 12
.100 Best & Belch 12 1300 Potosl 11
100 Caledonia ... 24 300 Savage 09
200 Chollar' 07 500 Sierra Nev... 21
900 Gould & Cur 07 100 Silver Hill . . 4«
100 Mexican 37 100 Union Con .. 17
800 Ophir 90 100 Yellow Jacket 03
600 Overman 11
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 13 400 Occidental ... OS
300 Caledonia ... K5 300 Ophir 92
5C0 Chollar 10 2000 Potosi ...... It
1C0 Con C & V.I 70 1400 Savage Otf
2C0 Crown Point. 12 1000 Seg Belcher.. 04
100 Gould & Cur 07 200 Sierra Nev. . . 25
500 Hale ..% Nor.. 25 300 Sierra Nev... 24
200 Mexican 39 100 Union Con . . 10
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In th« Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . ;.V ¦'.. ... ,«.-- ¦
MINING STOCKS.
: Some changes in Beans will be noted. While
the market -is ' not active there Is some ship
ping In carload -lots reported; and dealers say
that/any Increase in shipping orders would
cause an . in ¦ prices. Stocks In this
city are UgTit. . - ,.
- Literal shipments of Flaxseed from the north
continue to be received here*
I BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 CO; Small White
$2 75(93-15; Large White. $2 80@3; Pea. $3 30
@4; Pink. $2@2 20; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye.
$3 50®3'65; Limas. $4 50@4'65; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. . - •
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $303 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Canary
31ii^314c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from* Utah,
8%c; Rape,- 114@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. .
DRIED rPEAS— Niles. $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
- : LIVERPOOL.
' Wheat— . , ' • : '* "March. . ' May.
Opening'... '. 6 3% • « 3%
Closing .................. ... .64 6 4&
¦ ' •* ; ¦¦-'- ; _" PARIS!
Wheat—- ¦ ¦ ' .- : . - Jan. - Ma'r.-June.
Opening ..:.... 21 85 *.; 22 85 >
Closing .....•.......;..¦..'... 22 10 23 05
Flour — -.-.-
Opening -.;¦.....;... , : . :.'....' 27 65 .. 28 75 :
Closing ............. '....27 95 - - 29 00 ,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in the last twenty-four
hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 6. 1902— « p. m.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Retail Meat Prices. *
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
lor meats:
Roast Beef, per lb, 10@20c.
Tenderloin steak, 15@lSc.
Porterhouse steak, 1S@22V>C.
Round steak. 10<gl21^c.
Beef, 6@10c.
Corned Beef. 10S12'4c.
Roast Lamb. 12l2<518c.
Lamb chops. 12 1 «@25c.
Roast Mutton. 10*| ]5c.
Mutton chops, 12U@15c.
Muttcn stew, S^lOc.
Roart Veal. 12'i©20c.
Veal Cutlets, 15«?20c.
Roast Pork, «*CUic.
Pork chops. 15@lSc.
SALMON — Receipts of Salmon in Decem
l>er were 72,175 cases and 1488 packages/ The
exports were 139,159 cases and 2431 packages.
LUMBER — Receipts of Lumber at this port
In December were as follows: From Califor
nia. 19,S53f,OO0 feet; Oregon and Washington.
:a,S31,000, making the total receipts for the
month 53.244.0C0 feet. The exports during the
month were 3.03L091 feet.
Lumbcriand Salmon Trade.
Receipts cf Coal at this port during the
month of December were as follows: From
yuget Sound, C5.362 tone; British Columbia,
»S,934; Oregon, 4006: Eastern. 800; Australia,
ill. 166; Great Britain. S6S6. making a total of
"45.954. against 139,725 tons In December 1900.
The total receipts for the year 1901 were 1,438,
1>SO tons, against 1.561,531 tans in 1900.
Receipts of Coal in December.
$195,455
Total $60,790,447 73
The shipments of eilver during the month
•were as follows:
Standard silver dollar* $115,500
Fractional silver cola 79,955
Julius Jacobs, Asslsunt Treasurer of the
TTnited States at San Francisco, reports cash.cn
hand December 31 as follows:
"Cnlted States notes .... $S5,225 00
Treasury notes of 1S90 6.857 00
National Bank notes 27.780 00
Sliver certificates 72,930 00
Gold coin 28.253,662 61
Standard silver dolls,rs 31.9S0. 130 00
Subsidiary eilver coin 33S.O49 35
Minor coin 22,831 62
Fractional currency 10 75
Coupons 832 65
Miscellaneous 2,138 75
Government Money Here.
was the declaration of a dividend of 2 per cent
on New Jersey Central- stock. The declaration
is timed at the usual period for the quarterly
dividend, which had been running at the rate
of 1*4 per cent, but the president of the Read-
Ing Company, which corporation now controls
the New Jersey Central; deprecated a designa
tion.of this as a quarterly dividend. Neverthe
less, the street was inclined to. the conviction
that the stock was to be considered on an S
per cent basis. Reading was stimulated into
great activity and rallied from an early decline
of over a point to 1)4 over . Saturday's level.
Delaware & Hudson became qulte.buoyant. ris
ing 6»4 points over Saturday on confident hopes
that it also was booked for an early Increase
in dividend. There was a sudden spurt of 3%
points In Minneapolis, St Paul & Sault Ste.
Marie and of 414 In Minneapolis & St. Louis.
The market generally recovered smartly from
its early depression, but very few stocks showed
any material gains over Saturday. Amalga
mated Copper. was an exception and after an
early weakness on the further decline in the
price of raw copper in London, roee 1% over
Saturday. The United States Steel stocks were
again dealt in on an enormous 'scale, the pre
ferred leading both In point of activity and
strength. Rumors were rife of the very favor
able showing to be made by the quarterly
statement of net earnings which is expected to
be presented at to-mcrrow's dividend meeting.
•There was no suggestion of the probability, of
any increase in the dividend rate. There were
incipient upward movements in a few other in
dustrials, while the railroad Hot tended lower
from the opening. The general list was sin
gularly unresponsive to the demonstration In
United States Steel. The immediate cause, of
Us sluggishness and heaviness was the Incep
tion of gold exports, it being reported during
the day that $600,000 had been sent out on Sat
urday's steamer by the institution which also
withdrew $500,000 from the Sub-Treasury to
day. It is now accepted that if more gold does
not go out this week It will be because there
happens to be no swift steamer sailing, af
fording a saving of interest . on the gold In
transit, but that a considerable sum of gold
will go out in the immediate future is consid
ered certain. The financial trouble in the rub
ber trade, .following upon the developments
concerning the trolley promoting syndicate,
caused -some reserve In speculation. " The rise'
in United States Steel extended to T s and In the
preferred to 1%. There was quite an active de
mand for the locomotive stocks, the gsln Jn the
preferred reaching :{%. The market closed firm
and active.
The bond market yielded In the morning, but
responded partly to thr recovery in stocks and
closed irregular. Total sales, par value, $3,780,-
The United States coupon 5s advanced li per
cent on the last call.
NEW YOKK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— * Sale?. Hiph. Low. Close,
Atchison- lO.WO 80% 79.% so'-i
f Atchison pfd 13,100 l(j.J% 102% 1034*
Baltimore & Ohio. . S.ttiO 100% 105»i 10HK
j Baltimore & O pfd. :?00 9;i;, 9«i/. $>r,v.
-Canadian Pacific... 2.1C0 110 " HJHi 115%
«'anada Southern.. tjOO Sis 8514 85V.
CheFapeake & Ohio. i,!K)0 47% 47 4714
Chicago & Alton..., «00 3ii% ;«;14 S6K
CfcJc&go & A pfd.. 2fiO 77 76% 77
Chicago. I & L 2.R00 5.{>i B214 5°«4
Chicago. I & L pfd.. 1.100 76 Ji' 7c4 76%
Chcago* E III.... 600 13t/ 134% " 135ft
Chicago &GW.... 2,000 23% 23% 2$l
Chic & G W A pfd .'t * 34%
™ C * G - W B pfd - 10 ° 4 "« 47% 46V4
Chicago & Nwstrn. 4.500 21214 20SU 212U
Sic^rmii-rfns |£? ™* ™
Chic Term & T pfd ...'. "" 4oU
C C C & St. Louis.. 400 9714 0711 97
Colorado Southern.. 4.800 15% 15 1514
Colorado So 1st pfd 4,500 62 60% 6114
Colorado So 2d prd 2.700 29% 2914 2914
Delaware & Hudson 1C.100 183% 176% 183 2
Eri n e ve . r .. & . R .. G . p [ d : M.IS [SS %$ &
Erie 1st pfd. ........ 7 S00 74% 74 741?
Erie 2d pfd........ .4,700 62 Bl% 61%
Great Northern pfd 700 191 18S% 190% '
Hocking Valley .. 500 70 6914 «*)£
H^Wng Valley pfd 500 84% 82% £?
Illinois Central .... 1,500 14014 139$ iio%
Iowa Central fe00 40% 39 40
Iowa Central pfd.. - -fj jl
Lake Erie A West. 200 68 68 * 68
Lake E & W pfd. . . 100 127 127 12%
Louisville & Nashvl 3,100 107& 10<J% 107U
ManhatUnL l'«,S00 137»i 134% 136$
Metropolitan St. Ry 1.700 16.{' 4 ' i& % {<£Y>
Mexican Central .. 5.400 2«% 27% 2sti
Mexican National . r.«on 15S 151I ili?
Minn & St.- Louis.. 4,500 111 106>4 1U*
Missouri Pacific .. 20,800 1OT% 101% lO^U
Missouri K & Tex". . 100 27- 27 "rtv
Missouri K & T pfd 400 5:11J 5314 m
New Jersey Central 800 198 195 197
New York Central.. 3.100 167% 166% ifiT»£
Norfolk & Western 3,000 58H 68 58H
Norfolk & Weet pfd 200 92 92 01
Ontario & Western. 800 33% 35 35%
Pennsylvania 23.100 150% 149% 150C
Reading ...103.600 58$ 577Z gg5
Reading 1st pfd. ... 6.200 82% 82 82'A
Reading 2d pfd.... 24.00ft,, 65% «3U 65-%
St LouU & SF.... 5.200^ OO}2 5S 59U
St L & S F 1st pfd. 100 8314 83U
Sr. L & S F 2d pfd. 7.800 75% 7414 -751!
St Louis S western. C00 21& 2(114 27
St L Swestern pfd. 700 60 59% 5914
It-Pa^fd-:::::: ?&?£# jl
IculneS RlZV "*& M '£& S2
Southern Ry pfd... 5.300 94% 03% 9I1!
Texas & Pacific .. 1,600 40% 39% %$
Toledo StL&. West 300 • 20>I fi)s? To^*
Tol St L& Wpfd.. 300 37W 37 % ,?'*
Union. Pacific 28.R00 103% 10214 10314
Union Paciflc pfd.. 1.300 90 89% 89%
Wabash 3.100 23U 2*V.
Wabash pfd ...... 4,200 43% 42% 7\u.
Wheeling & LE... 100 18^ 18% 18lt
Whel&LE2dpfd .... .?„ I;;; 3 A
Wlnconein Central. 1,000' 20H ' oAki Sni/.
Wlnconsln Cen pfd. 900 4114 41^4 41 i£
Express Companies— . A H
Adams . .... . . . vnn
American ' 0$
United states .... 1.800 101 % 99% 100
*> ells rargo ...*...' .... .;..»'. 190
¦ Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper .' . 31.600 71%' 69% 71 «
Amer Car & F..... 4.200*31% 31 31%
AmerC&Fpfd... 900 88' 87% 88
Amer Un Oil.. .. is
Amer Lin' Oil pfd. 43
Amer Smelt &. Ref. 1,800 -4614 . isii" 4514
Amer S & Ref pfd. . 400 97- 96*4 9Gli
Anaconda Min Co.. 1.400 31%* 30 31
Brooklyn Rap Tran. 14,300 67% ««%. - 67 :
Colo Fuel & Iron:. . 800 88% 87 88
Consolidated Gas .. 1,100 219' 217 21814
Con Tobacco pfd... .200 116% new llfti?
General Electric . . 200 280% 280sJ *>S1
Glucose Sugar ..... 200- 40 40 19V
HocklngCoal 200 16^ l«/ ic
Internat Paper ... 600 21 S 20*4 21
Internat Paper pfd. 1,000 7"ii 76 7714
tnternat Power .. ,300 88% 8SH mv.
Laclede Gas ...... .... ...\ ™ Vt 2 0^
National' Biscuit'.. ' 800 4514 4t« i^v.
National Lead : .... T4 {%¦*
National Salt .... '.'..'. 32
National. Salt pfd ;.. 61
North American .. 100 92 92 * «y>
Pacific Coast .. - '¦,%
Pacific Mall 600 4714 46% ¦ 47 '
People's Gas .. 6,100 105% 104 14 <104%
Pressed Steel Car.. 000 42$ 41% «.
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 . 85»i 85% 84*4'
Pullman Pal Car.'. 1OO 2l71i 217U '"I?
Republic Steel 2.100 1«14 10 ' ~\(iK'
Republic St«el pfd. 1.300 GO («% crs?
Sugar.... ...^..'. 11.100 11714 .11614 117
Tenn Coal & Iron. . 5,600 6614 65 6«
1'nion .Bag & P Co. 300 ' 1414 ' 14 . 1314'
U"B &Tp Co'pfd..' ..... ' 73i|
Ij S Leather ...'.-.. 3.200 12%' 12M,' 12S
U S Leather pfd... 600 82U 82 81»T
U S Rubber .... .... .... [ 14
US Rubber pfd... .100 M 51 .51
U. 8 Steel .101, C00 4«!4. 45% 4014'
U S Steel pfd 120.C00- 97 95^ 07
Western Union ... 1,800 ,. »2J4 91 li ; 81J4
"On 'the 'Produce Exchange -to-day the buttei
narket was steady; creameries. 15@24%c; dair
es, J4@20c.- Cheese, -steady, 9%@1114c.* Eggs
itrong;; fresh, 25@2Uc. ... . . - . : • ' ;
HOPS— 9®10c for fair and ll®12c per lb
f or srood to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for ahirment. ' .
The Hide circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
says: • "Wet salted Hides are very steady, with
fair sales. Grubby. Hides are avoided and sell
for less than the quotations. There is an ex
ceptionally good demand for dry Hides. Horse
Hides are much sought after, and there Is every
indication, that the present, demand and prices
will continue for. some time. Buckskins are In
short supply and wanted. Goat skins sell read
ily.- There is a fair sale for Sheepskins."
HIDKS ANU SKINS — Culls bud brands sell
about 114c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, .lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and »c for light;
Stars. 7c; Salted KId. 9V4c; Salted Veal. «vic:
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides; 1614c: Culls. 14c:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18@lS%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15«?30c
each: -short Wool. 40@B0c each; medium. 65@
75c; long Wool, S0c@?l 10 each: Horse Hides,
l? U -vH '? m for lar » e and * 2 S 0 f °r medium,
51 «5@2 for small and 50c for . Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $175 for -large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and $1 50 for Colts. Deer
dium — Summer or real skins, 35c: fall or me
dium .skins. 30c; .winter or thin ' skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime . Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50; medium, 35c. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©6c wr lb:
No. 2. 41i@5c: grease. 214@3c. . - \
WOOL— Fall, San Joaquin. 6@8c: San Joa
quin Lambs'. 714ig!S14c; Middle County. 8@10c
par pound.
Hides,- Tallow, Wool and 'Hops.
'Articles—" \-^ -
Flour,- barrels . . i, .'. . .
Wheat, bushels ........
Corn,' -bushels .........
Oats, bushels -. . .". ... . . .
Rye. .bushels .;..."....
Barley, j bushels .....;.
Receipts. Shipments,
.35,000 ' ¦ 28 000 >
. . 63,000 21,000 -
..131,000 ¦ 10'. 000
.M33.000 ., -184,000
,. S.000 . 2,000 ;
.. 34,000 17,000
Cash ; auotattons were ' as follows : ¦ Flour,
firm ; I No. i 2 >. spring wheat. : 80@81 % c ; No. 3
spring,. 80@S0'4c;, No. 2 red, 8GV4@SS14c; No.
2 oats; 47!4@49c;' No. 3 white,' 48@49%c; No.
5 rye. : -67V4@e7*ic; falrto choice -malting bar
ley, -5Q@63c; No, 1 fi4xaeed,- $1- 62; No. 1 North
western, $1 66::. prime .timothy seed. $0 35@
6 55; mess'pdrk, per barrel, $16 95@17; lard,
per 100 sounds, $9 87l£@0 90;- short ribs sides
(loose), $8 45@8 50; dry ; salted shoulders
(boxed), 79i><g>71ic;,'short -clear Bides (boxed),
$8 90@9; whisky; basis of high 'wines, . $132;
clover, contract grade, '$9 75.- ' . ¦ ¦ .. ¦: '
• Another . advance in Bran ~ is noted. Mid
dlings and Rolled Barley ;. remain: unchanged.
Hay is steady at the recently-Improved prices.
¦ BRAN— $16@19 per ton. - > -
j MIDDLINGS— $lii@2o 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the nilli; $27@28: Job
bing. *28 60@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20(&21: Corn
Meal, $31@31 50; Cracked- Corn. ; $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed, $16@17.
„ HAY— Wheat, $9@ll 50; • fancy, • $12@12 50:
Wheat and Oat, $9®12; Oat, $8@11; Barley
and Oat, $S@10; Alfalfa,'- $8,t>10: Clover, $C 50
@7 50; Volunteer, $6@8 50; Stock, $6@7. 50 per
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. .
Hay and ¦ Feedstuff s
; . As . will 7 be ' seen under i the} head .'of ocean
news, the steamer Arab has.: been chartered to
carry a full load of. Flour to Hongkong. . -
KLOURr^Callf ornla ¦- Family * Extras. \ $3 50®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras,- $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 per barrel for*; family; and $3@
3 25 for . Bakers' ; Washington .'Bakers', $3@
3 25.--- :-.f, ' v . ¦•• -I ¦ ..-..¦ .<;. - '.¦ . .
«¦• MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
. lows, usual discount to the . trade : .'¦ ' Graham
Flou r. *3 • per . 100 lbs ; Rye -Flour, $2 75 ; Rye
Meal,, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$4®4 25; Buckwheat Flour. »4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; v Whole - Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats % (barrels). $6 85©
.8 35; in sacks, $6 00@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. - -
Flour- and Millstu ffs.
Potatoes in large receipt but steady. .
Onions hardly as firm as tliey have been.- . .*
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before. -¦'-
Three cars of Western Poultry on the market.-
Small auction sale of Oranges at firm prices.
Three cars of Bananas in. Lemons. slozv. „
Prices for Seeded Raisins still withdrawn.
Dried Fruits continue firm and wanted:
Provisions quieter and easier.
Hide market still in good shape for sellers.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Turpentine marked up.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Silver lozecr. Sterling Exchange higher.
Further advance in Wheat and Barley.
Oats very firm. Corn and Rye also strong.
Bran advanced 56c. Other Feedstuff s unchanged.
Hay steady at previous prices.
Steamer taken for Flour to Hongkong.
Beans /irmly held, zcith some shipping demand. '•
Flaxsccd continues to arrive liberally. . '<
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — 1 ,
S^:.::::::::.-^.:i?t
. S^.. 83^
January ......;' * '¦". •;,-.; .-•64^
May ........... 68 : 68 «T% 07%
Ju fc-NoV^:i : •«^ r :>-«*-- ¦¦¦'«
May .'.- 4i •¦ ' 47. ' 4G-?i ; 46%
July ........ 4OS- -40X' 4O',i, . 40'4
September •...,. ..33% 33% 33% 33%
Mc-eb Pork, per bbl-T '
January ;...-...;;.. . ; . ..... 1690
May .V...V.17 37% S 17 40 ' 17 32V417 35.
Lard, per 100 lbs-i' ¦ U ...
'January. .;./...•. 9 87»4a.9 00 .9 8714 9 00':
May .10 00.'- 10 02% 9 97% 10 00
Short Ribs,; per, 100 lbs— ¦
January.. 8 52Vi' 8 K^x 8 50 8 50
May ¦:¦'.. .;..:... 8 55 , .S 55 8 80 8 82'a
Amer Loco 26,500 34% * 33% 33%
Amer Loco pfd 15,400 93% 91% 03%
Total sales ....871.700 '. .
NEW- YORK -BONDS.
t? r « f 2s p «'S...10S% L & NUnl 4s 100%
Do 2s coup.... 108 '/i Mex Central 4s... 82%
Do 3s reg..... .107^4 \ Do 1st inc... 1 ... 3314
"a 3s coup 106-ji, M & St L 4s..... .1043,
Do new 4s reg..l39%iM. -K & T 4s:... 9SV
" **> new 4s coup. 139^ Do 2ds -8.1 ¦¦
Do old. 4s reg..llljj NY Cent 1st.... 1C2«A
no old 4s coup. 111=^ Do gen 3%s 108 "
5s reg 107% IN J^Cent 5s. . . . . .132%'
., D ». 5s coup 107 '{.Northern Pac 4s. .74
n« i 1 . 5 , 6 " *f*M<W5»l -Do 3s......... .104^
us %?). 4s - i>5V.!N &W con 4s..:. 102Va
B 1 S.-P,, 4s - •••¦••• -1<W% Reading gen 4s.. 98%
**> • i '^ s 95Wi S L & I- M con 8s.ll7'/i
Do cony 4s 107 S L & S F 4s no
°. an . bo . u Ms..- HOVA S L.& S W lsts.. 07
n i ? f Ga 5s -'-106!J4 S. L & S L 2ds.. 771*
Chit I 8t n'^'- 77^ s A & A Pass 4s. 87%
rhf £ °, 4 Hs..'.107 Sou.Pac4s 03%
ni £& -A- 3%s.... 84U Sou Ry 5s. 121^
C- £ & Q new 4s.' SH% Texas & P lsts.. 119%
£• M&S P gen 4s.H0 T, S L &"W 4s.r 8:J«
e. & N con 7s... .140: Union Pac 4s.. '..104%
££< &St & gen 4 s.l04.,i Wabash lsts..... 118%.
Chicago Term 4s:. 88 Do 2ds. .1 lWiJ
olo -& Sou 4 91% i Do Deb B...... 6&
D & R G 4s ioi«i W Shore. 4s..... '.11214 '
V? prl01 " Hcn-4s.lO0- W & LE 4s...... 92W
P.TO^ n r> 4 ' : >l30 JS W1S Cent *» S»l»
Ho*\V4§.^::lg* ? on :! ob SpS||
NEW YORK. MINING STOCKS.- "
Adams Con 20; Little Chief ........ 11
AIice '45 Ontario ;.8 60
greece ,75 Ophir. .75
Brunswick Con '... 10 Phoenix .i B
Comstock Tunnel.". 05 V, Potosl -. 5
Con Cal & Va. . . ; . 1 60 Savage ¦'-¦ 4
D«adwodd Terra. .. 50!Sierra Nevada V'20
Horn Silver ..... 1 -JO Small : Hopes . . : . 30
Iron Sliver :..... 00 Standard" .3 (50
Leadville Con .... .61T - ¦•,">> ¦--'•.'-•¦' .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money—." ' . Mining-
Call loans ' 5©C Adventure *;..... 19%
Time Loans 4>£@u Allouez 3
Bonds — . • ¦ Amalgamated ...71Vi
Atchison 4s 102 Baltic ...361i
Gas '1st.'. .... 82 • Blngham 24
Hex Cent 4s 81»4 Cal & Hecla 506
N E Gas & Coke. 55 . - Centennial 13
Railroads— Copper Range ... 55
Atchison ........ 80% Domin Coal 56
Do pfd... I0o',i Franklin 13
Boston & Albany. 202- Isle Royale '21
Boston & Maine. .191 Osceola : 81
Boston Elevated.. 106 Parrot 2y}i
Fitchburg pfd... 144 Qulncy ;..:.135
N Y. N H & H..2U Panta Fe Copper. 3V,
Miscellaneous— Tamarack : 260 ¦
Am Sugar ... 117 Trimountain . 12 ¦
Am Tel & Tel 1G0 Trinity. .......... 14Vj
Dom I & S 2Sy 2 United States ... 14^
General Electric. .280 J Utah 22
Mass Electric 35^1 Victoria 5
NE Gas & Coke. 4%! Winona U&.
United Fruit .... 38 Wolverine 49 >&
Westlnghouse cm. 89
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con - for money .. A>4 Is N Y. Central ... V. 1 71 Vi
• Do for acct..... 94% Nor & West.....C0%
Anaconda tili Do. pfd......... 69%
Atchison S7»/i N Pac pfd... 102 1
Do pfd ..105»i Cnt & -West :....:: 30 "
B & O. ...... ilOOU- Pennsylvania .... 77V 4
Canadian Pac... lib Reading .....29
Ches & Ohio 48% Do ls% pfd . 42 U
Chi G West .. 24V4 Do: 2d" pfd:....:33 1
C. M & St P.....170T*. South Railway... 34%
D & R G. 46V4 Do pfd. ........ 96
Do pfd.. »6 South Pac. 621i
Erie 43% Union Pacific... 10514
Do 1st pfd..... 7«V4 Do pfd : 9714 '
Do 2d pfd....... 64 . U S Steel 46%
Illinois Cent..... IM14 Do pfd 98
L & N ...109 Wabaeh 23>4
M. K * T ...... 77 Do pfd 43U
Do pfd 54 i<panish 4s 7«%
•Bar Filver, 25%d.per ounce. . . ¦¦-.¦¦
Money, 2@^li per cent. •' ",
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3(g3'6 per cent. . . ..¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
3 months' bills is' S@31£ percent. . . ¦"¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.246 265 I . *
1 . ¦ ., BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79'% — L P & A 163 169
California ..420 4^0 Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe D..112 — S F National.lJS —
First Katnl..325 S30
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1835 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 3oO
Mutual Sav. 6G — ,l.nion Trst. — 2475
S F Sav U..510 — •
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..15O — .Market 0O 9014
Geary .. — 50 Vj I Presidio 35% —
18 ftO8 Ju^joiVlgorlf..... — - *%
SUGAR.
Hana 3 5 , Kliauea 9% 11%
Hawaiian ..34 4t> iMakaweli .. 27 V* 28
Honokaa ... 10 10%'onomeii .... ™';> —
Hutchlnson . 14V4 — JFaauhau ... 10^ 10%
MISCELLANEOUS. '
Alaska Pack. 173 %174% Pac A F A. 2Ti —
Cal Fruit As| 95 — Pac C Borax. 165 —
Cal Wine As. 96 97% Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S C. 3«% 41 I
Moriun" Session.
Board —
$2,000 Hawaiian C & S Co, 5s 99 73
$-\000 Los Angeles Ry 5a, bonds 11» 00
25 Makaweli 27 BO
$4,000 N p C R R 5s, bond* 105 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 25 -
$30. 0UO Spring Val 4s. bonds (3d mtge).101 OU
$500 U S 8s, bonds (coup) 109 30
Street—
I3.0CO Hawaiian C & S Co, 8s 99 75
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 37%
100 Oceanic Steanuhia Co. s 90. ... 35 00
¦ Afternoon Session.
S Alaska Packers' Association .. 174 00
10 Giant Powder Con 80 87%
50 Makawell 28 00
25 Makaweli 27 75
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co. 6s. 124 25
1 -75 Onomea Sugar Co 23 T5
$1,000 S F A S J V bonds. 122 CO
Street —
, $1,000 Sacto Elec. Gas & Ry. 5a t>« 00
$3,000 S F & S J V bond*.... 122 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. |
- . • • ' «
Mornlns Session.
Board — ...
100 Monarch of Arizona .' 22
600 Reed Crude 35
.50 Sterling "... 1 15
50 Sterling : 1 17&
25 Thirty-three '. 7 25
- ¦ Afternoon Session.
25C0 Apollo „ .- 19
100 California-Standard 29
1500 Four .JT. 50
400 Home ..........; 3 45
300 Home 3 50
; 450 Lion OS
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago was slightly weaker on the day. Re
ceipts of Hogs were large, and holders of Pro
visions were liquidating. The country contin-
u ,£ d bullish. The feature of the market . was
v i, co S 8 ,i. ant m °derate buying of Lard and
Pork. Ribs being neglected. '
* i I ? er . e nothing new in the San Francisco
™^~ Cuttlns of Ha «>» was still reported.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c p«r lb for
?f£, vy ', 12%c for llght medium. 13%c for light.
1416c for extra light and 15<s for. sugar-cured:
Kastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California
Hams. ll%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
« tra Me«s $ll©n 50; Family, $12@12 50.
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $2ToO®23;
Joifnd M ® 19 J Smoked Beef.. 13&qgc per
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb -for
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels.
I-T > tlns! iC 3 : Hc 0 ; lb Uns ' r -* c >™ "as. 12 %C ;
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. . lOtfc- three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
30-40's/6@6^c: 40-5C8, 4%@5\ic: 50-60's, 4#
®4?4c; 60-70's. 3%@4%c; 70@80'«, 3%©3%c:
SO-OO's. 2%@3Uc: 90-lOCs. 2>4@294c per lb.
: RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50: fancy. $1 75: 4
crown, $1 60; . London Layers. — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown, $125. Price per Ib: Stand
ard, loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown, 5^4 c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 6c; Seedless Sultanas. 5%c: Thompson
Seedless. 6}$c: Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8%c:
choice. 7Hc; standard. 6%c: prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie: fancy. 10c: choice. 9c: stand
ard. «}4c: prime, tt'/ic Fancy seeded. 7c:
choice seeded. 6%c; do. In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
Choice. 6%c per lb. . , : . •. . .* .
NUTS— Chestnuts,, nominal; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c: No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
k » °A 2 - "c: Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, 0@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
?S2J;i..? eaniIts ' 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c: Filberts. 12@12ftc; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.' •'---.
.HONEY— Comb. 12@l5%c for bright and 10®
*»£ c ,? r ligtlt amber; water white extracted.
reS-Vyf, 1 ? 1 a mber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESTVAX— 27%@29c per lb.
"CALL BOARD SALES. ; :
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. - ¦.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. —
Afternoon Session — No sales. "
OATS — Offerings were larger on 'Change, ow
ing- to Increased receipts from Oregon and
Washington, but the market showed no change.
The demand was fair. There v was' no -selling
pressure at . Chicago.
Grays,.; $1 20@i 27%; whites, , $1 20@1 40;
Surprise, $1 40@l 42%; black. $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 2o@l 30 for seed; red. $1 25@l 35
per ctlvfor feed- and $1 32%@1 40 for seed..
CORN — The * market stood about - the same,
being dull. • A car- of fair large yellow sold at
$1 40. Chicago was several fractions higher,
with no pressure tosell.r
Large, yellow, $1 37%@1 42% •/ small round
do, SI :-!5@l 40; white. $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
RYE— Is quoted firm and slightly higher at
77%i382%c- per ctl. - " .-...- i.-.-» . - -
. BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at SI" 65 per cental.
. Second Session— May— 10, 000 '¦ ctls~,'"|l' 08 \i;
4000. . $1 10y,; 2000 ctls, $1 10%. '
Regular /Morning Session— May— 1S.C00 I ctla.
$1 10%; 0000. $1 10?$;, December— 6000. $1 12};;
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 etls, - $1 : 10% ;
4000. $1 10%. - •
'BARLEY — Opened the week firm, with- a
sale of .1900 sks choice bright feed, at 83%c, an
advance. ¦ : .... . . • , ¦ .. ¦ , . ¦ , .
•Feed. 83% c for choice bright, SI Vi@82%c for
No. 1 and 77%@80c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades. 83@87Hc; -Chevalier. bOc
©$lper ctl. . .
which was made, in 'the big' bull campaign last
month, was 83%c.
Corn started out with a great 1 show of
strength, based largely - on ; cables, - but ] failed
to Keep In' line with the wheat advance. • Com
mission houses sold largely for profits and re
tarded the market. May corn closed .firm, ,%<y>
%c higher at 67%c. - ¦
Oats were fairly active, with a considerable
show of .strength. .; May closed firm, *i@ftc
up at 4b%c. ' ;-.v : , .- ' ¦• , ¦ "
Provisions were dull and fluctuated very nar
rowly. There . was little sympathy with the
grain movement. . Small country .demand ¦ for
pork and lard ; and - a . good . hog ¦ market ¦ kept
prices steady. May pork closed 2%c lower,
lard a shade higher and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7; 1!K>2.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market
XETV- YORK, Jan. C— The market was
Into some show cf strength and ani
emtion to-day, after efforts to that end "had
proved futile fcr the greater -part of the ses
tten. The Incident which aroused the market
8
HOTEL • ARRIVALS.
. NE^T WESTERN HOTEL.
M Hershon. Seattle ' A J Anderson. Benlcla,
A Goodwln&w, Sonoma H Blasche. Chicago
P Saer. N Orleans N Williams, S Jose
Geo Wilton. >"eb J Hlg-gtna&w. S Cruz
J V Logan. Stockton H Bauson. Oakland
Mrs Jansen&daus. Cclo T Manchester. Oakdal*
Fred Trump. Seattl« A J Houlahan. Ont
F Cavanaugh. Seattla Geo Miller, Stockton
Frank Season, K C .. B Sehmltzer.. Columbia
W.Bolmer,' N Jersey " B Flint&w, Oregon
Ben Eager, Phoenix ¦ Ed-Lamb 4 St Louis
&' r — - j*
fji- pr 2 •
station. | Pi Pffi |"; f
? • 5 : a ": 3 ? ?
Baker 30.14 46 38 SE Cloudy .06
Astoria 28. SO 56 44 S Rain 26
Carson ao.20 46 18 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.12 58 60 S Cloudy
Fresno 30.1<5 48 42 E Foeey 00
Flagstaff 30.22 54 10 SW Clear "oo
Pocatello. Ida. 30. 26 40 30 SE Cloudy 00
Iiidependence..30.1S «2 82 E Pt.Cldy 00
Los Angeles... 30. 04 82 64 W Clear OO
Phoenix 30.04 76 40 W Clear .00
Psrtland 29.86 68 .. S Cloudy 30
Red Bluff 30.20 48 40 SE Cloudy 'oo
RoseburR 29.98 64 48 BE Cloudy 20
Sacramento... 30. 18 46 42 JC Cloudy 00
Suit Lake 30.32 30 S SW Foggy loo
Bstn Francisco.30.16 52 42 KW Pt CIdr 00
S. L.. Oblspo... 30.06 84 50 N Pt Cldy 'OO
Ban Diego 30.00 74 56 W Clear 'oo
battle 29.74 50 42 S Rain 34
gjwkane 29.U2 46 42 SE Cloudy !24
Neah Bay 29.56 44 . . E Rain 1 IS
JValla Walla. .29.92 60 42 S Cloudy 04
Uinnemucea.. 30.22 50 12 N Cloudy T
tima 00.04 78 46 NE Clear 00
&' r — - j*
fji- pr 2 •
station. | Pi Pffi |"; f
? • 5 : a ": 3 ? ?
Baker 30.14 46 38 SE Cloudy .06
Astoria 28. SO 56 44 S Rain 26
Carson ao.20 46 18 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.12 58 60 S Cloudy
Fresno 30.1<5 48 42 E Foeey 00
Flagstaff 30.22 54 10 SW Clear "oo
Pocatello. Ida. 30. 26 40 30 SE Cloudy 00
Iiidependence..30.1S «2 82 E Pt.Cldy 00
Los Angeles... 30. 04 82 64 W Clear OO
Phoenix 30.04 76 40 W Clear .00
Psrtland 29.86 68 .. S Cloudy 30
Red Bluff 30.20 48 40 SE Cloudy 'oo
RoseburR 29.98 64 48 BE Cloudy 20
Sacramento... 30. 18 46 42 JC Cloudy 00
Suit Lake 30.32 30 S SW Foggy loo
Bstn Francisco.30.16 52 42 KW Pt CIdr 00
S. L.. Oblspo... 30.06 84 50 N Pt Cldy 'OO
Ban Diego 30.00 74 56 W Clear 'oo
battle 29.74 50 42 S Rain 34
gjwkane 29.U2 46 42 SE Cloudy !24
Neah Bay 29.56 44 . . E Rain 1 IS
JValla Walla. .29.92 60 42 S Cloudy 04
Uinnemucea.. 30.22 50 12 N Cloudy T
tima 00.04 78 46 NE Clear 00
>-?» . 293^* ¦ *- :^
100 sets single and doable harness; surries,
buggies, carts, wagons and saddles: also a
large assortment of horses, to be sold at 1140
Folsom street. January 7. 11 a. m.
Iauction sales. STANFORD !;. UNIVERSITY, ¦¦* Jan. .6.— The
Stanford Inn opened its doors. this morning un
der co-operative -student management •».-. •*.
Schley Confers ."With the President.
V WASHINGTON;- Jan. 6.— Rear Admiral
Schley called at; the , White ' House , to-day
by appointment' and spent nearly an hour
in conference . ; with • the ' President. ? * The
admiral refused to discuss : the conversa
tion, saying It' was of. a- personal" charac
ter. • The President ? declined\ to • intimate
the nature of the conference. -TaSSlSeffii 5 !
And get your stylish all-wool men's suits,
worth $18,' for: $4 65^ Every garment "*of
the A. Brick stock must be < sold orglven
away. ¦ Other goods are .waiting,,. to be
placed. This is your chance to buy good
clothes cheap at the .. bankrupt clothing
«ale o£ the • Boston. .773 Mkt | nr. 1 . Fourth.*
Come Right ; Along
Chutes.
A large audience enjoyed the. new bill
at. the Chutes last night. Elizabeth
Evans, a charming soprano, made her
first appearance on this coast, and scored
a big hit with her pleasing selections.
Dick Wilde, the popular barytone, 'also
proved a big success in his clever imper
sonation of the late.J. K. Emmett. Gole
man's wonderful trained dogs and cats
continue to be a big feature. Other good
numbers are Werden and Shepard In
beautifully illustrated songs, Deave's
merry manikins,. Hlnes and Klmball, ac
robats.' and a series; of new comic moving'
- The," documents that "Judge Stefry ; : will
file sets ' forth -that should- the! Railroad
Commissioners '¦ enforce - .the . , rate ".which
they,> handed ' down ? pretroleum , would '• be ¦
hauled-, to this city.^atia.' loss .to the 'rail
roads company. ¦ :.The document t says < that
k the~old rate barely, paid expenses.?* ¦:¦-,•*
.Judge C.:N."Sterry, chief counsel of the
Santa ; Fe Railway of lines west of. Albu
¦querqueV" is ;up ¦ from .Los ' Angeles ,, to * re-'
, open: the v Kern ; County/, oil -rate case. He
•will I file ¦ a.: petition\in .the' United : States"
Circuit Court to-day, asking that the Rail
road Commissioners;, be ="-. enjoined - from
forcing the! new oir rate I between Bakers
'field' and.this; city. '-?;. <•«•-.:¦ 1 v ¦»>•. -
Judge" Sterry,' Purposes' . Filing- Papers
:„ in Circuit Court to Enjoin i Rail- ? '
: roadiComissioners. \ ;.
; ; Major 'Joseph Knowlton,; who" was! held
to answer Saturday by Judge Mbganon
, a' charge, of felony, embezzlement pre
ferred by his "brother-in-law,- J. H. Doo- J
' little of the * St. Nicholas , Hotel, • obtained
'a .writ « of .'habeas corpus : for,, his . release
'from Judge Cook yesterday morning.: The
ground alleged is insufficiency of evidence.;
¦Argument will be heard Saturday. ».
Knowlton Seeks Release.
SANTA ¦", FE v RAILWAY <;WILL '¦¦ * }.
; IB REOPEN;^ OIL; BATE Q ASE
C. H. Teaton, A. W. Johnston and
Charles ,T." Lindner, ! cftlzenstjpf Tuolumne
County,' filed a petition yesterday, in the
United States District Court praying that
T.'.W- Wells, -M/J. Wells and W. H. Har
rington, composing 'the Citizens' Bank of
Sonora, be -?• declared ' involuntary • Insol
vents. They allege that the firm* owes
$10,000 and. thaf it has committed- acts of
insolvency.- In closing:. its doors and. re
fusing to pay Its depositors. ;¦
Sonora Bank Insolvency.
.The. duel resulted .from": a ; party of stu- ;
dents having ¦ jostled r some army 'officers
In. the "'streets. ,1 Held was . with '.the stu-.
dents and ¦¦¦ he 5 slapped the" face ¦' of A Lieu
tenant Thieme, ", who'i.was i In ¦ plain clothes.'
About the .same- time ithat- the court ..pf
hoiior I was arranging | details of -: this
duel Emperor William" was ' receiving ¦ he w .
year congratulations • from •;. the • German
generals. , ?• According to gossip in
military messes the Emperor. on this oc
casion ¦ directed that the doors of . the salon
be closed , and talked for- several , minutes '.
'about dueling." The Emperor; Is ¦ reported
to: have -said, that! bo far as? he was. con
cerned 1 he * did ¦ not' expect to", trouble^ him
self with .what 1 the. subalterns might | do?
as he looked to the corps conunariders. and'
would hold them, personally responsible 'to
himself for, the . prevention of
duels. Emperor .William Is * also • credited
with having . said i that If t duels : should 00-;
cur: in (1902; slmilarvto < some - which '. had ;
taken place in' 1901' he .would demand res-'
¦ ignation 8 : ;- _ V -V-; ¦;,-. / .
BERLIN, Jan: 6.— Full narratives of the
duel fought last Thursday a-t." Jena,,' in' the
duchy Sj of •' gaxe-Welmar-Eisenach, > in,
which Lieutenant Thl ems i'of the-Ninety
fourth Regiment killed ; a" student' of t Halle
Uniyersity /named « Held .by i shooting i him'
throughHhe heart, are producing a; deep.
sensation throughdut-Germariy.1 •> ; ; . .-•;
The muplcal event of the week will be
the second symphony concert under the
auspices of the San Frar.cico Symphony
Society, to take place at the Grand Opera
house next Friday afternoon. at 3:15. Paul
Steindorff has been carefully rehearsing
his orchestra of fifty- five men, with Giu-
I'o Mlnetta as concertmeister, for the last
four weeks and Jie promises a better pro
gramme and an even more finished per
formance than that given at the last'con
cert. He will play the great fifth sym
phony of Peethovcn, in C minor, in addi
tion to I.iassen'8 Fest Overture, thfr
Scherzo from Mendelssohn's "Midsummer
Night's Dream." and Walther's Prize
Song from the "Meistersinger." The sale
of seats will begin at Sherman, Clay ¦ &
Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock prices
ranging from 50 cents to $1 50. . .;
Symphony Concert.
Germany's Fatal Duel Is
Very Much Like a
Murder.
orpheum.
There arc a number of very clever peo
ple performing: at the Orpheum this week.
Hitter's trained dogs are "marvelous
canine actors." and the "musiealities" of
the three TVestons deserve all the ap
plause thai: the Orpheum patrons dis
pense to good people. The IJliputlans are
"cute" and do a turn that' -suits the gal
lfry and p»;ople who occupy peats on the
lower floor. Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane
present one of the cleverest skits that has
ever been s>hown here, and as for Girard
and Gardner, -they would be on the stage
Lieutenant Colonel C. E. L. B.' Davis,
chief engineer officer of the department,
has been transferred to Washington, . D.
C His successor. In office Is Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas H. Handbury,- at present
division engineer of the .central \ division.
The change will take place not later than
T-'ebiuary 1. Lieutenant Colonel Hand
bury has also, been made a member of
\vl recently appointed board of engineers
that will Inspect and make recomrnenda - :
lions for ' the improvement of the Sacra
rrentP and Feather rivers. ..'
rantain-J. ¦-!•¦¦ Donovan, Twenty-second
infantry who • has been charged- with
drunkenness and irregularity in meeting
1,18 financial obligations by officers at
rrlumbus Barracks, Ohio, has been'or
drred from duty with the casuals at, the
Presidio to Columbus. - - Generals Young,
Krndairand-Kobbe. who are engaged In
selecting a site for one of the four great
national camps, were in; town yesterday,
hut left for the south again last night.
Their report will be • presented / to . .the
Wai Department about the middle of the
"'¦The 'officers' lyceum and ; post school
orrned yesterday and will continue- for
1 free months. • A. school for enlisted men
\k being conducted by Chaplain O. C-
Miller Lieutenants M. T. Harlow, Phil
iticlne' Scouts, and -C. S. Tarlton, First
Infantry, en. route to the Far East, have
boon assigned to temporary, duty at the
Presidio, casual camp. ¦-.-¦
"War Department Appoints New Chief
' Engineering Officer for Depart- ¦'¦¦
ment of California.
The large attendance at "Little Red
Riding Hood" last night showed that
the production is still a great favorite
and likely to remain so for weeks to
come. Ferris Hartman created no end of
amusement as usual with his funny
songs and inimitable mannerisms. An
nie Meyers, Arthur Cunningham and the
rest of the cast ail did excellent work
which wa* generously applauded. Anna
Wilson, who took the part of the fairy
queen at en hour's notice owing to an
unforeseen emergency, deserves especial
commendation for her cleverness in the
difficult role. "The Ameer" will follow
"Little Red Riding: Hood" at the Tivoli.
Tivoli.
The clever. Sorensen children displayed
their versatility at Fischer's Concert
house last night by . presenting two new
and interesting ppecialties^one of the
"Sis Hopkins" order and the other of a
Spanish type. Little Maude is one of the
best toe dancers before the public. Max
Stelnle kept the large audience In a roar
of laughter with his German songs and
stories; Mons. d'Aulnais, - operatic ;. tenor,
was heartily applauded for his solos, and
Mile. Atlantis presented a beautiful fire
and rainbow dance. The Valkyra family
of hand balancers. Joseph Lyons, an ac
robatic singer and dancer, Carita,. a won
flerfully talented girl conjurer, and the
Paloma Ladies' Quartet complete an ex
cellent programme.'. August Hinrlch's
violin poIo, "Ave Maria." gained an en
thusiastic recall, as did also his duet with
William Westsch, 'cellist, with "Call Me
Thine Own."- - ,/¦>.
Fischer's Concert-House.
Mrs. Lichtenstein was on her way to get
a handkerchief when she saw the burglar.
She immediately gave the alarm and -the
intruder escaped by the way he came. The
police. were immediately notified and De
tectives Wrenn, Crockett and Dinan were
put on the case. They have a description
of the burglar and the jewels. ; "
Last . night the , daring fellow climbed
into the upper story of the home of Mark
Lichtenstein; at 1227 Taylor ' street, and
managed to get .away with ., valuables
worth $3000. : The family was at dinner ;at
the time of the robbery. , "
The thief entered Mrs. Lichtenstein' a
apartment and extracted from her- jewel
box • a watch studded ¦¦ with diamonds.-^ a
diamond pin and locket and a. gold brace
let. He was about to search other rooms
when he was surprised at his work. •¦
A "porch climber"'is at' work In the
Western Addition and : the police are hot
on' his : trail. He has been .working' with
success and the residents are loud in their
complaints over their losses. . ,
Lichtenstein and Secures Costly
' Jewels.
Bold Thief. Enters the Home of Mark
"PORCH-CLIMBER" GETS .
i] \ ¦< .\ 'AWAY "WITH DIAMONDS
The. initial production of "Lost In New
York" pleased a. large audience at the*
Central. The piece has a pathetic trend
throughout the five acts and is marked
by many thrilling scenes and Incidents.
Margaret Marshall. Georgie Cooper* and
George Webster came In for their usual
share of applause. Next Week "Under
the Gaslight" will be the attraction.
Central.
• Minnie Seligman scored another trtumph
last evening In the double bill— Gilbert's
"Comedy and Tragedy" and "Cavalleria
Rustic-ana," both of which productions
afford ample opportunity for the display
of her powers in the emotional. In the
Sicilian tragedy she was at her best, and
as the betrayed and abandoned Santuzza
unlisted th«? sympathies of the audience.
She is thoroughly in earnest in all that
che does, and the only spot that may mar
her performance in the eyes of the very
critical is a tendency to overdo. But that
1b not a» bad a fault as the opposite, and
in the face of so much excellence it would
be hypercritical to dwell upon what at
the mott is only a minor consideration.
Grand Opera-House.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— Licenses to marry
were- issued to-day to Frank Rose.- aged
26, and Ray Marlow, 21, both of San
Francisco; Herbert B. Blanding-. 27, and
Emma Moreal. 23, both of Alameda; Wil
liam B. Haines, 30. Oakland, and Eliza
beth.-C. Wysham, 30. Berkeley; Charles
'F. Parker, 21, and Kate- McLaughlin, 13,
both of Oakland.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL'
- DAVIS GETS TRANSFER
¦rr« rj ISS ABIGAIL CAMPBELL and.
IWAl P rmce D avI d Kawananokoa of
«\y 11- Honolulu were married yester-
A V JJL day at high noon at the Occi
dental Hotel. Archbishop Rior
dan performed the ceremony, assisted by
Father Ramm. The wedding was wit
nessed by forty guests.
The bridal procession was headed by
Archbishop Riordan and Father Ramm.
Prince David and his best man, Ernest
Parker, son . of Sam Parker, came next,
followed by Mr. and Mrs. Parker, who
were married last Friday. Judge George
Geer attended Miss. Alice Campbell, a
sister of the bride. Miss Campbell s maid
of honor ,was Miss Anita Chrystal, her
most intimate girl friend. Judge George
A . Davis and Judge J.C..B. Hebbard
were also In the bridar party. - '
The parlor was lavishly decorated. The
mantels were tanked - in with . roses and
ferns and" the celling was almost hidden
by long festoons of smilax and pink rib-
The bride and groom stood under two
horseBhoes of roses, one pink and the
other white.
H. ¦V. Grueningen, . who is, employed* by
the Independent.! Electric. Light and. Gas
Company -aa r a "laborer, was brutally as
saulted by. a gang , of men at Sixth and
Townsend 'streets -Friday evening. , Gru
enihgen was on his, way home 'when four
men whom* he did- not know accosted him
and . asked him. ; where he was - working.
Before -Gruenlngen »could reply - one ¦ of
.the men; signaled- to at' least forty. others
who were' in proximity,- and after inform
ing them he was ( the. "right man" - they
set upon him,, beating him into insensibil
ity. While Grueningen was . lying . pros
trate one- of the brutal ruffians stabbed
.him' in the neck. Inflicting an ugly, wound '
According to the,unfortunate laborer, sev
eral of his i assailants' attempted ' to ' rob
• him, but were prevented by .the ringlead
ers. The police have 'been- informed of
the occurrence and every effort. is being
.made by them to land the gang ¦' behind
prison bars:., .-
Victim of Unknown
. .: Thugs:: • '
U. V. G-rueningen, ¦ a ' Laborer, ¦ . the
, 1 n 1 .. lui M^M t . lM ., 1 ., i ..;, l ; lI , lIl ;, l ;n 1 , 1 ,;|.T.^ <J
STABBED AND BEATEN
?BY A GANG OF ; RUFFIANS
A basket exhibition was held yesterday
at th&ACentury Club, 1215: Sutter street,
from 11 to 6 o'clock, for the benefit of a
special department of 1 the University of
California. .-?.-. ¦ .- .. ¦
The Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Nelander held a
reception last evening at their home, 1248
Ellis street, to celebrate the twentieth an
niversary of their marriage. Six hundred
Invitations "were Issued .and the Nelander
drawing-rooms were thronged with guests.
The ¦ house was decorated with Chinese
lanterns and. flowers. .There were roses,
.carnations, violets and ferns in profusion.
Many I presents were, received, i • many., of
"which were of china.: Dozens of- telegrams
..poured- In during the evening. ' Mrs. Ne
lander's mother arrived from . the East
just in time to enjoy the festivities. Elab
orate refreshments were served. Several
ladies from the First English Lutheran
' Church assisted-. Mrs." Nelander and : the
affair, was delightfully Informal..
received. The decorations were artistic
and elaborate/Dainty refreshments were
served. Mrs. Dean was assisted by Miss
¦Helen, her daughter,^ and Mrs. Walter
Dean Jr.
SHOOTS VICTIM
THROUGH HEART
Miss Alice Campbell wore a thin white
pineapple silk with full flounces at the
bottom. Chantilly lace and insertion
were used - for garniture. Miss Alice
Campbell wore a white; hat with: an osr
trich feather." ' ' ,. .. ' •<
All: the Campbell- gowns ;were selected
In Paris recently. and no expense was.
spared* In arranging- for, v this.' o.ccaslon.
The bride Is 19 years of,, age -and a beauty,
slightly of the -Hawaiian type.. ¦ ..
After the ceremony, an: elaborate >break-,
fast was served in a private dining-room
for the entire party. The- tables > were
decorated with r. Bride and Bridesmaid
roses and candelabra, •with; shades of red ;
"and pale yellow. , " ' . ' • : ; ¦
This morning at. 10 o'clock, the bridal
party will leave for Washington.' The
members Include- Prince and Princess
Kawananokoa, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Parker,
The bride's gown was an exquisite Paris
creation of white Renaissance lace over
white chiffon and silk. She wore a mag
nificent white Gainsborough hat with a
long ostrich feather. along the brim. •
Mrs. Parker, the bride's mother, was at
tired in an imported lace gown over white
taffeta; and' wore a large black hat with
feathers. '
Three babies are making a tremendous
hit at the California this week In "Whose
Baby Are You?" The little tots appear in
the second act and exemplify the truth
of the old adage, "One touch of nature
makes the whole world kin." One lies
on Its back and yells, another crawls on
Its diminutive stomach, while the third
toddles around until it falls. The audi
ence cheers wildly and the curtain is
raised five times. The play hasn't much
plot, but the funny situations are numer
ous and cause shrieks of laughter. Miss
May Vokes gives a clever Impersonation
of the housemaid and 'her antics are
hJghly amusing.' 'i/C'r
California.
. -v?-y> . .' ¦. . ¦ ¦ -...:-...-' • ¦ :;'.; ¦¦¦• ¦ ¦ ¦.-• ••• . v .: . . * . : .-¦ ¦ - ' '.- - -¦¦*
DAVID, WHO BEFX>RE UNCLE SAM ANNEXED HIS COUNTRY WAS ' PRINCE OF HAWAII, AND THE CHARM
ING WOMAN WHO BECAME", HIS BRIDE .YESTERDAY SHORTLY AFTER THE BELLS OF THIS CITY HAD
j r CHIMED THE HOUR OF NOON. " \ .' • ,:^,-. £¦%'£'¦¦ ' V
At a meeting of the Pension Board of
the Police Commissioners held yesterday
afternoon it was decided to retire Officer
Michael Murphy on a sergeant's pension:
Officer Murphy was at one tirru»-a ser
geant, but he was disrated by a former
Board of Police Commissioners and re
tired with an officer's pension. The action
of the Pension Board is due to the recent
decision which was rendered by the Su
preme Court restoring many disrated offi
cers to their former rank.
Retires With Sergeant's Pay.
The highbinders, who numbered about
a hundred, resented this action on -the
part of the management and donned; their
war paint. They- left the theater -.and
went to Ross alley, where they attempted
•to' rob a- gambling-house. The repulse
they '- received only served to heighten
their- anger. The . police have- been- given
a warning of the trouble and • have : re-
doubled their precautions. | Extra men
have been placed in" all' the dark alleys,
where trouble is most likely to break out.
and the utmost I vigilance is being exer
cised to thwart the bloodthirsty highbind
ers in their search for revenge. ¦ • . :.-
The tongs in Chinatown have repudiat
ed . the peace agreement they recently
made and are again preparing for war . to
the knife. The threatening trouble, it is
claimed, has grown but of the refusal of
the proprietor of the . Washington-street
Theater* to issue any. more, passes. A fev
nights ago the doorkeeper of ; the well
known Chinese theater was changed, and
the .highbinders who had so long enjoyed
the of free entry were refused
admittance. . .
tion of Privileges atWashing-
ton-Street Theater.
Fighting May Grow Out of Revoca-
WARRING TONGS ARE; \
' AGAIN SEEKING, TROUBLE
The Alcazar Theater has a strong at
traction this week In Belasco and De
Mllle's emotional play "The Wife." Last
night the house was well filled, and so
deeply stirred was the audience that the
curtain hai to be raised several times
after each act. =The occasion was note
worthy also by - the reappearance of
George Osborne, the old-time favorite,
and he met with a most flattering recep
tion. The audience was glad to see him
again, and he plainly showed that he was
delighted to be before a Ean Francisco
crowd once more. The play was elaborate
ly staged and admirably presented. One of
the most delicious pieces of acting ever
f een on the Alcazar stage was the scene
in the second act ¦when Silas Truman is
interesting himself with Mrs. Ives in be
half of his old friend Major Putnam, the
characters being represented by George
Osboume, Juliet Crosby and Frank Ba
con. They were equally good throughout
the play and scored a brilliant success.
Alcazar.
Fears His Son Was, Drowned.
John Howe, who resides at 124 Valley
street, reported to the police last night
that his sixteen-year-old son, Frank, has
been missing since Saturday eight. Frank;
Howe was an apprentice at the Risdon
Iron Works and the last seen of him was
aboard the boat which was wrecked by
a tug near the Risdon Iron Works on Sat
urday night. The boat was filled with
men at the time, but It was thousjht that
all were rescued. John Howe fears that
his son was drowned. .
Governor Solf .says that the relations
between all the powers is very cordial
and that the most cordial feeling exists
between all the foreign representatives.
He states that the natives are now be
having themselves and that no future
trouble is to be feared from them. The
natives to a man have surrendered their
arms ami weapons and do not wish to
fight any more, he says. Governor Solf
leaves to-day for the East. . .
yet were it not for an inexorable stage
manager. Jessie Dale's sweet voice and
pleasing appearance are enough to- pack
the house during her stay, to say nothing
of the mathematical prodigy, Jacques
Inaudi. Alf Holt, the whistler, is the
cleverest in his line that has been seen
here for many days, and the new blo
graph pictures are good enough ' to keep
the audience until the curtain rings down.
W. H. Solf, Governor of the. German
colony in Samoa.' . is at the Palace., He
Is on his way back to Berlin to report.-to
his ! Government after several • years'-" ser
vice.- - ¦ . - • ¦•"¦¦•
to His Government After Sev
- " eral Years' Work.
He Is En Route to Berlin to Report
GERMAN GOVERNOR OF
SAMOAN ISLANDS HERE
Henry Hart, one of the best known
bookmakers In the country, committed
suicide some time yesterday in his room
at "47 Post street by inhaling illuminating
gas. Shortly after 5 o'clock last evening
W.-S. Smith, the landlord of the house
in which Hart lived, detected the smell
of escaping gas and he started to make
an investigation. Going to the bookma
ker's room he found the place filled with
gas and Hart lying dead on the floor.
Before retiring HarV had turned on the
three gas jets in the room, determined
that his attempt at suicide would not be
a failure. Hart was suffering from an
incurable disease, and becoming despond
ent over his condition he resolved to end
his life. Up to the time of his death he
was employed by Joe Harvey in making a
book at Sausalito.
BOOKMAKER HENRY HART
ENDS HIS 0"WH EXISTE
- The thermometer had previously regis
tered 42 degrees below zero and the near
est place, a roadhouse kept by John Wag
oner, was eight miles away. Night had
fallen before the eight miles- . were cov
ered. Approaching the cabin, the suffer
ing man -could see no smoke from the
chimney and when he burst In the door
he found the interior cold and cheerless.
His coat was frozen so solidly to his body
that it was Impossible to bend or re
move it.
When Wagoner finally returned to his
cabin it was to find Downing with his
face, hands and feet frozen. Coal oil, the
only remedy at hand, was employed in
removing the frost, and when this was
accomplished the unfortunate carrier was
in awful agony.
On the next day Downing started for.
Dawson with his mail, entreaties and ex
postulations from Wagoner having no ef
fect.'. He was determined to -finish his
journey and set out, alternately hobbling
and riding, when the condition of the road
would permit.* Before star, the next sta
tion, was reached blisters as large as a
hand had formed on the frozen feet and
the lonely man made a camp on the snow
for himself and dogs. Open water again
interposed between the traveler and his
haven of safety, and the arrival of an
other traveler, Dow by name, was provi
dential. The blisters were opened and the
feet bandaged and the rest of the jour
ney marked another agonizing struggle.
When Dawson was finally reached the
man's feet were in a bad condition and
he was instantly taken to a hospital for
treatment. Amputation of the extremi
ties may save his life.
The story of' how Downing went through
the ice on the Yukon, his subsequent mi
raculous escape and his struggles for life
after getting out gives outsiders a faint
idea, of what the pioneers of the Yukon
country have to contend with. The spot
where Downing went through the ice ia
150 miles from Dawson. His struggles re
sulted in further breaking of the Ice. and
the freezing man repeatedly fell back into
the water. By a desperate endeavor he
finally managed to climb out and hastily
made such additions to his dress as was
possible.
' SEATTLE, Jan. 6. — Late Dawson ad
vices tell of the narrow escape from
death by freezing of Benjamin Downing,
a down-river mail contractor and carrier,
who at last reports was in a Dawson
hospital, suffering greatly from Injuries
he had received. It was believed that
amputation of his feet would be neces
sary. He was brozen from his knees to
the tips of his toes while making a re
markable trip from Eagle to Dawson.
Miss Aphie James was effective and
graceful as Anne Bullen, and the rest of
the cast was acceptably filled.
GUISARD.
Not in the two hours pleasantly prophe
sied in "King Henry VIII's" prologue,
but in a creditable three, the eleven
scenes of "he play are staged and acte<i
by the Modjeska and James company at
the Columbia this week. The scenery is
strikingly handsome and proper to < tha
play throughout, particularly Wolsey's
Palace and a hall In Blackfriars, where
the pcenlc illusion, is of the highest order.
The costuriing, too — while one is about
the trimmings of the play — is rich 'and
eplendia. and costumes, scenery and ac
cessories have been carried out with ad
mirable historical correctness. It is quite
the kind of thing to take the young per
son to who has a grudge against history,
and Indeed the best way to take ycur
history If you can so get it;
Modjeska still has power to charm, and
as Queen Katharine looks amazingly
young and handsome. She is still gracioas
and graceful, fine and finished, of a noo.e
bearing and accent, and sweet dignity.
But there is a little fire, a little fiber, gone
out other work, something of the clear
ness and roundness of the voice, a hint
of youth vanished and age creeping on.
though Modjeska will always be worth
seeing. '
In the trial scene, where, badgered by
the two ecclesiastics beyond bearing, she
at last leaves the court lest in her anger
the say what would do her cause
much ill. her part was carried off in a
queenly and spirited lashion, that roused
the audience to hearty plaudits. Not less
stately and sincere, and womanly as well,
was her scene with the red-garbed Car
dinals in her own apartments after her
abandonment, and a shower of flowers
from her many admirers made a pretty '
ending to the act.
Louie James, of course, acts what no
body would think of calling anything else
than the "wily Cardinal." I have seen no
other actor than Mr. James in the part,
but should like to. I should like, for in
stance, to see the young man who calls
himself Jerome Harrington and who plays
Cardinal Campeius take a whack— your
pardon— at the part. Mr. Harrington has
one of the prettiest ecclesiastical accents
that I have heard this many a day— a
very Cardinal, in faith. When the two
Cardinals occupy the stage at one time
there is a suggestion of insincerity in the
Wolsey that does not belong wholly to the
character. Still. Mr. James is a dignified
and manly Wolsey, and occasionally, if
not always, convincing. He is much more
plausible in' his misfortune- than in his
glory, and Is seen at his best with the
malingering lords baiting him after his
fall. '¦: -
Those sa::ne lords, as Doolan would say.
are wonders. 1- find in private life they
are dubbed Wadsworth Harris. John
Hons ami Anthony Andre, and the first
two are asi noble barnstormers as evei
ranted "Hamlet" under canvas. The
Duke of Buckingham is acted in a neat
and cJeverish fashion by Thomas Coffin
Cooke. who spoke his lines in a more
than commonly intelligent way.
Henry, though discourteously last, by
no means comes least in order of merit
as Mr. Haekett plays him. One might
disagree with the Haekett conception in
parts, but one had to respect it. It was
a. strong, virile and original reading,
though crude and uneven. Correct in out
line it lacks somewhat in the detail that
should pull it together, but it is promis
ing- and interesting work. Mr. Haekett
looks the part, though handsomer than
bluff King Hal Is usually painted by more
truthful historians than Shakespeare,
w*o -^eteely -crooked the pregnant knee in
drawing this picture of Elizabeth's saint
ed papa. Mr. Hackett's costumes should
not go without mention, being splendid
and artistic in the extreme.
Mrs. Cannican is being held at the
County Jail under . charges, "but the au
thorities will examine her to determine
her mental condition. . ¦ ¦¦;-?¦?.
. . T never saw the woman before .Ehe came to
my house to-day. I know no reason why she
Fhouid want to kill me. I believe she is in
sane, elee she would never have . acted the
way she did. I fought with her because I. did
net want her to get into the room where "my
little child was.
"Oh, just because she talked about me."
Mrs. Gutte is the wife of Henry W.
Gutte. a well known insurance man of
San Francisco. Speakinpr of the struggle
with the maniac, she said: '
Before she could crowd her ferocious 1
assailant off the porch Mrs. Gutte re-'|
ceived gashes in her right arm and other
slashes in her hands.'-
After being driven oft the maniac de- ,
parted and Mrs. Gutte telephoned to the
police station. Sergeant Albert Kamp re
sponded and traced Mrs. Cannican to a
house in the rear of the residence at 20j3 !
San Jose avenue, where she has lived for
eight years. She was arrested- and taken
to the City Prison, where Mrs. Gutte
swore to a complaint charging Mrs. Can
nican with an assault with a deadly
weapon. This afternoon the knife-wlelder
was lodged in the County Jail.-.
She has been regarded for some time as
slightly demented, but heretofore has not
exhibited any murderous tendencies. '.Mrs.
.Cannican is about forty years of age and
.has -earned a living by doing washing and:
scrubbing. • !
When asked why she attacked Mrs.
Gutte the prisoner answered:
"I want to show you something," said
the maniac, who is large and muscular.
Without hesitation Mrs. Gutte moved
without the door. Her strange caller in
stantly, whipped a big knife from beneath
a cape she wore and lunged viciously at
Mrs. Gutte s head. The blade, entangled
in the coils of hair upon the head of the
maniac's intended victim, its course was
stayed before it reached the scalp.' With
a second attempt the assailant tried to
cut Mrs. Gutte's throat, but swung short.
Mrs. Cannican again wielded the knife
and Mrs. Gutte put up her right hand to.
ward off the blow. The weapon struck
the index and second finger of Mrs.
Gutte's hand, almost severing them at the
joints. ..... .... ¦ .
ALAMEDA, Jan. 6.— Cut in numerous
places and 6m$ared with blood,' Mrs.
Henry W. Gutte fought a desperate bat
tle on the front porch of her residence,
1S35 San Jose avenue, shortly before noon
to-day with a maniac, Mrs. Annie Canni-"
can. Mrs. Gutte's assailant used a
butcher-knife and slashed her in various
places with the weapon.'
Just before .the desperate. encounter be
tween the women Mrs. Gutte was called
to the front door of her home by, the
ringing of the bell. _ As she^opened the
door she was confronted by the Cannican
woman, who asked her to step out. upon
the porch. • .-'¦ ¦.>•_.¦' . . •-.-. . -
After some wrangling on both sides and
an hour's lecture from the court' on the
disgraceful conduct of counsel • and the
ignominy they were bringing upon the
proceedings in this trial, Judge Harring
ton remitted both fines. During the re
mainder of the afternoon things went
along smoothly. -
An argument arose between Post and
Spencer." Spencer- told -Post- that he had
forgotten' more' law than Post ever knew.
The court directed the clerk to fine Spen
cer $10, with .the alternative of one day in
Jail. Spencer exclaimed that he would
not sit down. or shut up! "if hell dropped
the next minute." He was. fined $10 more.
Spencer .said he thought it enough- that
the court should always rule against him,
and said the court had no right to make
it Worse by - calling him ¦ a ! fool. He ¦ said
that he would go to Jail, as. he. would
never pay • another dollar to .'the Modoc
County Treasurer; he did not propose to
be bankrupted by paying fines.
Spencer " Grows
In . answer to a remark from • the court
Judge E. V. Spencer of the defense:ex
claimed'that he had practiced law for
more than forty years .and, believed that
he knew something about it.' and he would
have just as good an opinion of himself
after, this case was concluded, provided
he was allowed to live through it, as he
had before- it commenced.' ' ••-• •.
. Spme time was consumed in an ex
change of compliments between the court
and Raker. During this argument much
of Raker's "testimony," as the prosecu
tion has begun to term it, went before the
Jury. ¦ - - ' ¦¦ '¦ ¦¦;•-'• ¦ • ¦--¦-
After the disposal, of the writ the trial
of Brown was called. The first witness
examined was Robert Gibson, a sawmill
hand, residing near Lookout. He said that
he was in Lookout on the day of the in
quest over the bodies of the mob's .vic
tims, and in company with four/ others
heard Defendant Brown say that It had
been public talk in Lookout for some time
that Hall "and the others would be
lynched. Abe "Rowley, one of the crowd,,
asked -Brown, why, if -that, were so, he!
had not. made some preparations so that
the prisoners could defend themselves in
case of an emergency. Brown replied that
he believed it was against the law to pro
vide weapons with .which prisoners could
protect themselves. .
. In the ' cross-examination Attorney
Raker, asked Gibson if he had not been a
witness in a case in Lassen County, and
if it were not a fact that, he- was im
peached in that. case. Gibson was not al
lowed to answer, and Raker, applied for a
subpoena for, the men who were Jurors in
that »case. ; The application was denied.
Raker then said that he could prove that
the witness "was impeached, and .was told
by » the court that if he repeated that
statement he would be imprisoned. •
Testifies Against Brown.
' ALTURAS, Jan. 6.— The arrest of fifteen
men and other sensational developments
of the last two days do not seem, to hav*
had a tendency to improve the tempers
of court' and counsel in the case of the
people, vs. James W. Brown, the alleged
Lookout lyncher. This afternoon's session
of the court was stormy. Habeas corpus
proceedings on behalf of the supposed
lynchers arrested | in the past three days
were heard, and after a prolonged engage
ment - between . the lawyers were dis
missed. Judge Harrington in dismissing
the writ did not give a decision as to the
right of Judge E. M; Cherry as a"commit
ting magistrate, simply ordering that, a
commitment be drawn and the prisoners
remanded on the order of the court. He'
held that the warrants under which these,
men were arrested were valid, but that it
was possible that Cherry did not have ju-.
rlsdlction In the case of a crime commit
ted outside the corporate limits of Altu
ras,' as Cherry is Recorder of the town un
der appointment of i the' Trustees. The
men were to have been arraigned before
Judge Cherry this afternoon.
Annie Oannican Tries t o
Avenge an Imaginary •
"Wrong.
' "Winner.
California Presents Splendid
Show — Alcazar Has a
ment and Day Ends in
Peace.
Judge Later Remits Punish-
Escapes DrowniDg, but Will
Frost Bites.
Lose Both "Sleet From
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Appears With James in
King I^enry VIII at
the Columbia.
Mrs. Henry Gutte De
fends Herself Against
Attack. ¦-¦;
Klondike .Mail Carrier
Battles for Life in
Bitter Cold.
Lawyer Refuses to "Shut
Up 11 and Is Twice
Pined.
WOMAN BATTLES
WITH MANIAC
BREAKS THROUGH
ICE ON THE YUKON
SPENCER DEFIES
ALTURAS COURT
MODJESKA STILL
ABLE TO CHARM
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY :7, 1902.
Hawaiian Girl Marries Queen Likuipkalani^s ;Nephew---Lavish Floral
Decorations arid Breakfast Greet Redding Gue
MISS ABIGAIL CAMPBELL BECOMES
HAPPY BRIDE OF PRINCE DAVID
.Miss Alice Campbell, : Mr.' McCarson, Mr.
," • Parker's private secretary; Judge Davis,
I g Judge ' George Geer,' a \ couple N of . J friends
; and two maids. After a wedding, trip of
a.'few weeks .the. .happy c couple will re
, turn to the: islands, where they will make
". their permanent home. ¦ .
'.{ . Mrs. "Walter E. Dean received yesterday
at her apartment in the Palace
" Hotel. Quite . a ; number of guests • were
c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
Mr. H. T. Shobe, 3704 1,ucas Avenue, St. Louis,
Mo., says :-"My daughter was afflicted for years
with a disfiguring eruption on her. face, which
resisted all treatment. : She was taken to two '
celebrated health springs, but received no bene-
fit. Many medicines were prescribed, but with-
out result, until we decided to try S. S. S., and by
the ttae the first bottle was finished the eruption
began- to disappear. A dozen bottles cured her
' completely and left her sfcin perfectly smooth.
She is now seventeen years old, and not a sign of
the embarrassing disease has ever returned.**
} S. S. S. is a positive, unfailing cure for.
the ,worst forms of skin troubles. It is
the greatest of all blood purifiers, and the
only, one guaranteed purely vegetable. .
Bad blood makes bud complexions.
S/g&t /fijfo purifies and invigo-
'^B^l '^^k rnakes new, rich blood
skin active -and, healthy and in proper,
condition to p e r f o r m its part towards
carrying off the impurities from the body.
If you have Eczema, Tetter, Acne, Salt
Rheum, 1 Psoriasis, or your skin is rough •
and pimply, send for our book, on Blood
and Skin Diseases and write our physi-
cians about your case. ¦ No charge what-
ever for. this service. <
SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA.
The skin is the seat of an almost end-
less variety of diseases. They are known
by various names, but are all due to the
same cause, acid and other - poisons in
the blood that irritate and interfere with
the proper action of the skin."
To have a smooth, soft skin, free from
all eruptions, the blood must be kept pure
and healthy. The many preparations of
arsenic and potash and the large number
of face powders and lotions generally
used in this class of diseases cover up
for a short .time, but cannot remove per-
manently the ugly blotches and the red;
disfiguring pimples.
Eternal vigilance is the price
of a boautiful complexion
when such remedies are relied on.
BAD BLOOD
BAD COMPLEXION.
•ee9o®eee9G9«9o«ee9»oo
I Your Hotel §
q wili serve- q
s Grape-Nuts I
• •..'.. *
® i? you ask 9
• o
O - - ©
• Order the food served o
• dry and witlv cream o
S to pour over it/' %THE SATS' FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1902.
10
BUSTXESS CHA7VCWS— .Cn-nil-ni-A.
$500— POULTRY and wild game store doing a.
good paying business; low rent; location can t
be beat .See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
$600— SALOON established years; i good busi-
ness; lease; located close to Market and
Third ets. ; rare chance for good location I in
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $1250; DEATH in family causes the owner
of one of the best-known, best-located coffee
. and chop houses to take in a partner; a rare
chance for honest and active man. • See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st • .r ">- ¦-:¦/¦'
A— $3200; CORNER saloon ; choicest location;
place clears above $250 per month; rent $75;
this is a rare chance. -Call R, G. -WILKE,
26% Kearny st. - ¦ '
A — $300; BRANCH bakery and contectlonery;
close to large schools; living rooms; r«-nt $20;
value in sight Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st ' . " . . ~- ' ¦ :
A— SG50; COAL and wood yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagons; business Is located In Oak-
land; established years and flrei>-class pay-
Ing. All particulars R. G. WILKE. .20%
__£________ ______ ________ Ulj—
A— $400: SALOON on water front;, rent. $20;
good paying business; Investigate at once; a
rare chance. Inquire R. . G. » WILKE, - _G«_
Kearny st ' ; ¦ . - . " ¦
¦ A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will 'for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. ¦
A— 81000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
!j st; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. , ,
A— $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
closs to Chronicle building; bargain; • call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $S00; COFFEE saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — PARTY wanted .with $3000 to $5000 to
buy interest in one of the oldest established
general commission houses of this city; hon-
est and active man wanted; references to be
exchanged; books open for Inspection. Call
R. G. WILKE. £6% Kearny It, /
A — $650; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.; rent $30; good paying business;
full value in eight Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny St. .¦' ; ' ¦ '. ¦¦ ¦'..
A— $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth st; rent $20; living rooms; fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. ." G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
FOR 6ale — At a great sacrifice, a restaurant;
good location; cheap rent; must be sold at
once. Inquire 765 Market Et, rooms 1 and
2. McBRIDE & CO. ¦
AN established manufacturing, wholesale _ re-
- tail, business for sale cheap. Call at 247 5th.
FOR Sale, account going East, cigar, news and
stationery store. Twenty-third avenue sta-
tlon. East Oakland. _^
LARGE paper route for sale; best part of city.
Box 2931. Call offlce. ¦ "-*
ACCEPTABLE party. $1500 to $2000, take In-
terest in business that will realize $10,000 In
short time; only principals having the actual
cash dealt with; money in investor's control:
safe sure business; particulars by personal
Interview only. W. H.. box 2296. Call.
WANTED— A man with about $1500 cash to
Invest in a going business; will be given full
management owing to illness of present
manager; sure to double y«ir money inside
3 months; no experience necessary; no risks.
For further particulars call at 927 Market
st, room 218.
A NEWSPAPER route earning about $45 pet
month; requires . about 3 hours per day to
look after it: good for a student or some one
engaged part of day. Address box 1, Call
Branch Office. 100 Eleventh st
GREAT Inducements. to party who can furnish
or associate $5000 or more capital to control
a very valuable invention. Address Prouty
Mfg. Co.. 35 Oliver, st.- Boston, Mass.
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery, bakTnc over '2
bbls. a day; store trade only; kept by tha
present owner 16 years; retiring from busl-
ners cause of sale. Box 3199. Call.
$500 — PARTNER; Market-st. restaurant: du-
ties are light; only to attend to cash; fine
chance for a steady man. Business Board
Trade. 326 Plr.e Et .
$, r i00 — PARTNER waiited in profitable busl-
r.ess; no experience required; no agents.
Room 10. 935 Market st .- . '
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER.. 124 Myrtle st. 1 , Santa
Cruz, Cal. / -
FOR Sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
•yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal. .
I WANT to buy. a saloon or grocery and bar
either side of Market Box 2941. Call office.
; FANCY dry goods for sale, cheap; splendid
opportunity. 1531 Devlsadero et. . ..
ESTABLISHED undertaking business in Oak-
land at invoice. Box 700, Alameda.
FRUIT store for sale on easy terms; paying
business. 151 Ninth st .. -/.>':..-
SALOON and restaurant to let cheap. Apply
908 Laguna Et .:":— '¦•¦
BROOKS VILLE Hotel and bar at R. R. sta-
tion. Holy Cross Cemetery, for sale or trade.
FOR sale — Saloon. Inquire 613 Sansome St.;
cheap.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
CALlToN " RETSLOFF." llE CAN S U IT~YOIL
8 rooms; owner sick; must sell. $200
12 rooms; corner; clears $45 ...'....... 525
100 rms.: grand cor.; clears $500; paymts5500
21 rooms; Al location; payments 1000
I 8 rooms; just listed: good 300
18 rooms; well furnished; bargain 1250
S5 rooms; clears 5200; exclusive sale... 3000
22 rooms; best In city; payments 2400 !
LIST YOUR PLACE WITH ME. I CAN
SELL IT.
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 53K) 906 Market st. cort Ellis. •
10-ROOM HOUSE, I ALWAYS CLEARS $65,
TO MAKE A QUICK SALE I OFFER THIS
BARGAIN at only $600; payments to suit
RETSLOFF.
17-ROOM CORNER FIRST-CLASS
Long lease: furnished elegantly
. Price only $1595; payments to suit.
,-',-'.y. -' - RETSLOFF.
21-ROOM HOUSE; MONEY MAKER.
JRICE $1100; CLEARS $150; for sale by
/ RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200, ... .$1900
14 rooms; worth $SCO ... .' ....500
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary...... 1850
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150........ 12T.0
2:5 rooms; clears $100 ..'...... 950
100 rooms; clears $400 .: V. COO')
10 rooms: on Eddv st '..*... 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN .........:.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 79C.
CO-ROOM HOUSE. SURE TO CLEAR
...$300 EVERY MONTH. PRICE Sr'IjOO. . .
Payments to suit. DECKER. 1020 Market.
39-ROOM HOUSE ......:•
Price Only $1900; Payments.......:
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, st
A — i ; Near the Call Building.
Phone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFT"IN, T19 Market et., rms. 1-
, -2. Money; to loan. on
lodging-houses or on
real estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at
my office. All for sale/ on easy terms. Call.
22 r. ; rent $66; central ;1 floor ;clean;full. $1200
-35 r.; clears about $00 each month.:. $750
25 r.;rent $50;lncome $150:3 blks of Mkt.$1600
36 r. ; 40 boarders; first-class location; clears
$175 mo.; owner fick; exchange for. small
house or real estate; investigate; make offer.
13 r.; fine carpets; low rent; a bargain.. $350
47 r. ;elegant ;clears $147 mo. ;slmply 1 st-class.
A— WINSTON & WOLF, . 1026 Market; photo-
jrraph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211. .
Invite you to call upon them if you desire to
buy a lodging-house, and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. Specials:
30 rooms; rent $75 $1400
46 rooms; rent $100.... 3250
45 rooms; rent $125 ..:..'.... ...... 2900
16 rooms; rent $67. ; ' 675
14 rooms: rent $60... ...:...."... 1000
18 rooms; rent $37 50. 1050
AA. ATTENTION, BUYERS ....... AA
You may buy any rooming-house in the
city and pay . for it ; .
, In monthly payments
From the profits of the house. '
We furnish vacant houses
And loan money at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
R50 Market st. Tel. Davis 281.
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house . that
WILL PAY, or If you want- to borrow
MONEY at lhi per cent, call : on M.-E.
RIVES, 916 Market St., rm. 69; tel.' Main 128.
J. H. STANTON, real estate and business
rh ance agent; removed from 34 Kearny st to
77 <% Market st:. hundreds of lodging-houses
and business chances.
A — NOTICE— We have - rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our Ust first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange lodclng-houses or
any kind. -^ STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st
SPIRITUALISM. ,- .;
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing- medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl..Snn.. 8 p. m. ; 50c. -. 1084 Bush sf
W. G; KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
I ¦ night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. ;. 14S Sixth.
MRS. ' HARLAND'S circle to-night ;10c; de-
vel. dr. \ Wed., 8 p. m.; read. 50c-$l.\ 132 6th.;
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
' to-night 605 McAllister,; 10c; come,' skeptics.
A — PROF. GEE," 108 Sixth st. ; ¦, readings, 50c,
v $1; circle Tues./ Thur.; Frl. t - night,- 10c.
8 AIT FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San FT_nclsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery Btreet,
corner Clay; open until «:30 p. m. •:
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
633 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin (street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission tireet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market 6treet corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh* etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
1006 Valencia street: open until 9 p. n_
Korthwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until "9 p. rn.
-gQO Flllmore Ptreet: open until 9 p. m.
B1E12TIXG KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. A
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING, Jan. 7, at 7:."5O o'clock; stated jK 3T
meeting and Installation of offlcers. / ~r*
By order of the H. P.
*v FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. & A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES-^\^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TtX
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary. f^T*
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M.. •
121 Eddy st— Stated meeting THIS _J%_
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. J%J\
THOMAS PENLINGTON. Secy. ' v%
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. & A. M. ¦
—Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _/V_
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. 7%JC
A. S. HUBBARD. Secy. '?>
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204. L eggmsOfr.
O. O. F. — Members attend the =??_~C§e
meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, Jan. 7. 1902. In- S'F/iVV
EUtllatlon of officers and other very important
business. F. C. EVANS. N. G.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. V -*__L_%.
F.— Installation THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING. . Members of
lodge and order ple_se attend. *w/ttw- -
H. H. VErLLENO. N. G. ' A > "
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge
No. 207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and
members: You are hereby notified
to assemble at your lodge room ¦ / ""^
TUESDAY, Jan. 7, 19C2. at 2:30 p. m., to
attend the funeral of our late brother, FRED-
ERIC G. MERGENTHALER. By order of
L. CARRAINE, N. G.
L. A. AURADOU, Secretary.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso
elation. — Special meeting will be held , •_F~35»
in ha'.l, 320 Post Et, WEDNESDAY, »V^_>
Jan. S, at 1 p. m. sharp. All mem- -^\T
bers are requested to be present for the pur-
pose cf attending the funeral of our deceased
brother N. P. PETERSEN. By order of the
president. L. TRAUNY, Secy.
ANNUAL MEETING — OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market Etreet, in the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
on TUESDAY, the 21st day. of January, l»02.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. January 10, l»02. at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President.
¦ ¦ H. XV. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co., 415 Post et, San Francisco, Cal. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 415 Post st. in the city and county of
San Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 21, 1902 The transfer books
of the company will be closed from January
10, 1902, to and including January 21, 1902.
(Siened) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6. 1902.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take notice tnat the annual meeting
of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poration, will be held at the principal office
of the company. In the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market rt.. between Fourth and
Fifth, In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY,
the 16th day of January, 1902, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may properly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
S27 Market rt.. San Francisco. Dec. 31. 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market St., in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January.
1002. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose of amending article III of the by-
laws cf the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Jan-
uary 4, at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING *" VALLEY
WATER WORKS — The annual meeting of the
rtockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 126 Stockton St.. San Francisco, Cal..
et 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth
day of January, 1902. to elect trustees to
eerve for the ensuing year and for *he trans-
action of ruch other business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco.
December 26. 1901.
• PELHAM •— . AMES. Secretary.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cs.1.. will be held at Its banking-house, 301
Montiromery Et. Ban Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction cf
, nich other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
NOTICE of annual meeting — The annual meet-
lnr of«4.he Association of the Hospital for
Children and Tralnine School for Nurses will
b* held at the hospital. 3700 California Et.
THURSDAY. January 9. at 1:30 p. m.
• ELEANOR L. MILLER. Rec. Sec
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladles' Protection and Relief Society will
be held at the "Home." corner of Franklin
«nd Geary ets.. THURSDAT. Jan. 9. at 2
p. m. ALICE BROWN. Rec. Sec.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS on salary and com. Manhattan Food
Ca.. 1253 Folsom st. B. F.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
CITY AEPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market st— Roofs".
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. TeL Red 2332.
fij*^E ASTROLOGY. :'4BB&
HOROSCOPE written out, prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakinrs. difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful venture*. , by mall if
desired. RAYMOND. 227 Taylor rt.
ATTORSEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quiek, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market Et. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: dK-orce: bankruptcy: collections;
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless puc-
crf-sful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market
R. W. KING, attorney. Exam. bldg.. Cth floor;
all caaee; fees low; estates, collections, etc.:
consultation free; no advance fees; open eves.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
L.. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt.: crmtniltatlon free: no fecg In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Erchaure.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOOKS JfEW AA'D OLD.
FOB astrological, occult metaphysical books
go to 142X Market tt. S. F.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A — $350; SALOON, city front: rent $15; re-
ceipts $15 day. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A — 125: BRANCH bakery: good trade; i
, rooms; rent |12. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— $150; DELICACY store; good trade; Sixth
-«t; 2 rooms; rent $15. STRAND. 20& Kearny.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of
any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny. st.
A— 5S50; CANDY factory and Icecream parlor;
clears |15O mo: Strand _ Co., 209 Kearny.
f.1000 — RESTAURANT: fine location; $50 to
?OO daily. MILES — CO., 927-Market r. 208.
f*_0 — GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; In
Mission; good business; splendid location.
MILES & CO.. 927 Market st; room 208.
JCOO — SALOON; 3 rooms; low rent; long lease.
MILES & CO.;- 927 Market st. room 20S.
HEALY _ CARR. phone James 2771.
H Eddy St., rooms 18 . and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, - grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands; leases.-
Money to loan on a^v of the above. "
PARTNER wanted in an established business;
can make $100 mo.: Ehort hours; no experi-
ence re<j. Cal. Bussiness Assn.. hCo'-j Market.
"F you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 821 Market st i
V— THIRTY cigar etands that net $2 50 to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES.- 462 Parrott bldg.
*OH Sale — Hand laundry ; good ' for : man ' and
wife. 604 Minna st, near Seventh.*, ,/<
HELP TVAXTED FEMALE CoM<
COMFORTABLE furnished housekeeping room
In exchange for housework;, services also
young girl , to care for baby dally- from ; 10
a. m. to 4 p. m.. 721 Devlsadero st
HAIRDR"ESSING, massase, manicuring taught
in 2 weeks: positions secured: day and eve.
classes. San Francisco Hairdressin« Col-
lege, 233 Geary st. rooms 13-15. '
WHOLESALE house requires '. the services of
refined woman; experience in office work not
necessary. Box 2959, Call office.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer:
- state age. experience, salary expected and by
whom previously employed; Box 3171. Call.
GIRL assist general housework; small family;
: moderate wages. 48-1 Frederick, nr. Stanyan.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
- and good pay. 864% Howard St., room 4.
INTELLIGENT lady to manage of flee; refined
position. Address with stamp box 2940, Call.
HELP WANTED--MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 5848
__5ADING EMPLOYMENT _ LABOR AGTS.
...;.. .OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. :.;....-_,.-
Blacksmith for Mining Co., to go to Central
America. $105 and -found, fare paid; black-
smith, ranch, near city; blacksmith. Mining
Go.'s .works, $90,. far pald..^...
15 plow teamsters and farmers. . . .$26 and $30
5 choremen and boys...*. $15, $20 and $25
* 5 pruners for orchard.'.'. ... .'. ..;..:. §30.
Machine hand, furnace man, 60 woodchoppers
and tlemakers, 75c- to $1 50 cord; 10c to 15c
_ each- "
. :.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Shop butcher, near city, $30 and found; res-
taurant cook, $14 week; 5 '.cooks, country;
'¦- cook, few men, mining town, ?30; 2 waiters,
. $10 week and board; boy -for doctor's office,
$4 50 to $5 week. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st - .
2 BLACKSMITHS. $2 60 day and $45 to $50
and found ; ¦ slack " work coopers, $30 to $35
and found: tinner. $2 50 to $2 75 day; shop
butcher. $30 and found; carriage setter. $00
to $75; fruit farmer and wife, $40 and found:
farmers, $1 day; 3 men for grubbing, $20 and
found; 10 tlemakers, 10c to. 14c; woodchop-
pers, $1 25 cord; boy for factory, $1 day; boy
for doctor's office, $4 50 week, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st
RESTAURANT baker. $40; 2 second cooks, $35
and $60; .2 boarding-house " cooks. $35 and
$40 and found; fry cook; waiter, country ho-
tel, $25; restaurant waiter, $8 week; dish-
washer, vegetableman and others. J. F.
CROSETT. & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S, office 316 Stockton St. — Second cook,
$65; waiter, $35; night waiter, $40;. butler,
$45; assistant baker, $30; fireman for nursfery,
$20 to $25; two coachmen, $25 and $40; man
about place, $20; etc.
WANTED — Reliable younjr man with $150
cash; light indoor work r $15 week; no expe-
rience necessary ; only those having tho cash
and mean business apply. BROWN, 1221
Market street, upstairs. "
WANTED— Men to lea'rn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical draughtsman . and
designer for detail work on heavy machinery;
state experience in detail. Box 3191, Call.
WANTED — Detective, steady, reliable, trust- j
worthy; experience; acquainted with streets;
ref.; none other need apply. Box 2290, Call.
WANTED— A steady man with $100 cash; light
business; will pay about $65 per month; per-
manent place. 765 Market st, room 3. £_&£!
SPECIAL offer for salesman to take orders In
country towns; chance to make big money.
. Call at once 9 Leavenworth st.
WANTED — A Japanese man to do general
housework. Apply room 1, No. S02 California
street. -.-"¦¦ - .< .
WANTED — Coatmaker. 620 Kearny st, room
1, first floor. - • * .
WANTED — Bootblack for barber shop, at 606
Thirteenth st. Oakland. ¦ -
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman for city only;
must give bond and reference. Box 2914, Call.
WANTED-^-Offlce boy; must write and figure
well. Box 2913, Call office.
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kear-
, ny st. ¦ N
WANTED— Barber; steady man to take charge
of shop. 1300 Powell st.
ERRAND boy wanted. WIRTH & JACHENS,
engravers. 339 Kearny st. ¦
WANTED — Strong boy. to work In bakery. 2653
Market st.
A GOOD tailor for bushellng. 827 Sutter st.
near Leavenworth. r ¦
BARBER wanted; steady. 803 Kearny St.
SHINGLERS wanted on Wildey St., bet Fill-
¦ more and Stelner.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady Job; good wages
and found if desired. 1048 McAllister st
A SECOND waiter wanted at 560 Howard st.
SMALL boy who lives in Mission to drive
butcher wagon. 2705 Howard st. I
WANTED — Boy to black boots In barber shop,
cor. Jones and Sutter sts.
WANTED— Boy residing with parents to work
.: in grocery. 700 Mason st.
SAUSAGE maker wanted. 514 Valencia s.t~
near Sixteenth.
ALL, size men's shoes. -. slightly damaged, half
price, 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.--
W ANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able: to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Business men, to present . a good
proposition; we want good talkers; salary.
S19 Market, room 45; . room 41. Macdonough
bldg., Oakland;- room, 55, Porter bid-., San
Jose. . -
WANT_D— Honest young man with $250, take
cash and assist in restaurant; $50 month; no
experience; only these having the cash and
mean business apply. BROWN, 1221 Market
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that ISA Rolkln. Reno House proprietor* still
¦ runs Denver. House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks; tools 'donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st -
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor; must have very
_ best recommendations. A. CAILLEAU. 114
Kearny st.
COST clerk In manufacturing : machine shop;
must be experienced :¦ ref erences required :
salary S5O at first Box 2979, Call. -
W'VNTED — First-class experienced floor walker
for dry goods store: state age, experience and
salary expected. ; Apply box 3172, Call.
WANTED — Bushelman; steady work. Apply
308 Bush st.
i GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG man to^ do Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c, up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
,60c up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard st.nr. Sth.
PENSION, atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3 40. Phelan
: big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
'WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free .'bus and bagrg_ge to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call, advertisements and
_ subscriptions has been established at 1096
'Valencia *t. - " ; J_____
Hoitsi^ _ _•*•** n . A^"?-y s *
DO not fail to attend the auction sale Wednes-
dav Jan. 8, at 11 a. m., at the Arcade Horsa
l Market. 327 Sixth - st. JOHN J. DOYLE.
' Auctioneer. -
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one »-
( horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO., 48 Eighth st ¦_
FOR Sale cheap — Two gentle mares: drive dou-
"ble or single; owner must sell. 307 Jessie st.
SPAN: young driving mares r single or double.
City Front Stables or Mitchell, 209 Market it.
. YOUNG, gentle business horse for sale, cheap.'
.2453, Mission St.; 1
FOR SALE-^ne bay road horse: fast; will
•be sold at a bargain. 1611 California st. '
¦ 2 BLACK teams :' brewery or hacks; $350 each.'
Star Stables.- 2125 Mission st. , . -
A BARGAIN" in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL.-605 O. G. ave.
AN.' A No. 1 express" wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED llBt houses to let; send for cir-
- cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. '
HOUSES' .WANTED. •" ~ " . ~
.WANTED — April 1," by family ' of , a'dults fur-
nished house within hour: of San Francisco;
six bedrooms required; also stable; San Jose
road preferred; give particulars; 6 months or
longer. Address box 2936,, Call" office.
A FURNISHED, flat or house; house preferred;
¦: about i) rooms; with moiisro Improvements
Box 2297." Call. •
|>^-__ : _'^^ FLATS ¦¦ .' " - : ; _'¦
1 A — MCALLISTER and Geary-st/. cars : take you
: to the elegant new flats being finished, 5 and
• . 6 rooms, . social halls, nice ; yards, ; porcelain
bath. - Sixth ave.,, near Fulton st. .
OAK, 1909 — Flat to4et and furniture for sale;
> new; never been used; frescoed- ceilings;
marble vestibule; • all modern Improvements;
¦ •; looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11^ and 3 o'clock. ,
A SWELL new. ¦; 4 or 5 rooms,' now - ready.
Myrtle; aye... near Van Ness. ( , . -:
FOURTEENTH, 132A — Nice furnished 4-room
'-flat; bath; on sunny side., of street ; rent $22.
JONES, llll.nr.Californla— Sunny lower flat of
.4 large rooms; bath & nice yard; adults; $20.
$12— NEW 4-room. yard, cellar, water and ash-"
. man free. 20 Sumner st. . - ¦ » •¦ - - . ,
FLATS . TO ¦ _ET—FURIVISH-3P.
FOR RENT— 2726 Howard st, furnished flve-
. roomed flat, with piano. $28.^ - . .
'.-••-'.;; FLATS '.; WANTED. ..¦
WANTED — A flat "or. house of 8 to 10 rooms,
.between Franklin: and. Jones and Sutter and
Golden Gate ave. 736 Ellis at. . '. ¦ '
FOR SALE.
I 4 ROOMS furnished in" oak, f $48 50, with No. 7
': : range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE 3 room and. rooms to let. 504%
- 'Minna st:. downstairs. - -' ¦"¦;-¦ . ' ' .
OFFICE I furniture, almost I new;- suitable for
real estate or attorney's office/ Box 2933, Call.
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; will sell whole
¦ or part 1912 Fillmore, near Bush; flat 3.
ELEGANT furniture S-room flat; no dealers.
1230 Octavla st;$650. ." " ' "•
FURNITURE ' W ANTED.
WILSON buvs -¦ all kinds of household goods!
j 1710 Market st ; tel. South 413.
A: WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st,, pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135L
TEL. Jessie . 761 , before selling furniture, car-
;. pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.'
. . GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheff glo^T^order;
¦ factory price guar. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
.V ' 'ilMKL,** \VA.\T_JJJ— -I'KJIAL-. :
AT C/R." HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
. . CHAMBERMAIDS.
$20, half fare paid, Coronado Beach.
' S20, half fare Daid, Santa Barbara.- "
$20, city hotel, nrst class. •--..•• ¦' .
$20, wait one. meal, city and country. •
;-¦""¦ WAITRESSES.
$35-S40, head waitresaes, city.
•$20-$25, city and country, hotels and rea-
j taurar.ts. ' ...
: < $30, private family, first-class place.
.. • - ~v . • COOKS. •
$25-$30,' city and country.
$25, ten boarders, springs.
\ - LAUNDRY HELP.
¦ $20, . Institution, country, plain Ironer 'and
• mangier. ¦¦•¦-. •
' S15, 2 manjle sirls. city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
WANTED — * v waitrtsses for restaurants, $6 to
_ $8 a week: 8 waitresses for city family ho-
stels and boarding-houses. $20; 4 waitresses,
¦ country hotels, $20 and $25, and many others.
* See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework for nice/
: American family of 3 In Alameda, $30; cook,
no washing, Monterey County, $35; cook,
plain wash, Oakland,- $30; . cook . and second
girl for -3 In family, San Rafael, $25 and
$20: six cooks for city, plain wash; $30; 2
cooks, private boardlne- houses. $25 and $30;
V 44 Kirls for housework in city, $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st
WANTED to-day for Menlo Park, a neat, ex-
... perienced second cirl for family of .3, see
lady Tuesday forenoon, wages. $25; also 4
second eirls for city at $20 and $25; also
"¦'nursery governess, $25; two parlor maids
and waitresses, $25. ' Apply to J. . F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. f.X •-
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.'. .Phone Main 1575
-. HOTEL 'DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, south, $25. . fare paid: 2 wait-
resses, south. $20. fares paid; 12 -waitresses,
first-class commercial hotels, $20 and $25;
9 waitresses, city, $20 and $25;" restaurant
waitresses. $6 and $7;. 2 ¦ chambermaids,
$17 50 and $20: 2 chambermaids, to wait $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook and second girl, 2 in family, $45; cook,
-San Rafael, 530; nurse,. 1 baby, $20; house
girl, Fresno, $25; house girl, Sausallto, $20;
eecond girl, very choice place, one In family,
?20. MRS. M.-E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
-WANTED — First-class salesladies for woman's
wear;, none but experienced need apply.
- t MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St.- ¦..-.¦¦
WANTED — A- reliable ¦ working
housekeeper fond - of children; moderate
';:' wages: good home;. 'Address box. 2294. Call.-
: SEVERAL youn_ ladles of respectable famil-
ies wanted to learn dry goods business; must
live in the Mission. Box 2932. Call.
YOUNG glrr 14-16 to. mind child 5 years arid
- assist " general housework; wages " $10-$12.
103S Railroad ave., Alameda.
I WANTED— A respectable young girl to do
1 ¦ plain ccokln_ and - af slst with Iisht house-
work; $20. Call. to-day, .1701 Page st. " '
FINISHERS and tuckers 'on ladles' shirt
waists; Eood wages. BAUER BROS. & CO..
21. Sansome st. - . ¦'- ¦
"A RESPECTABLE woman, help In apartment
. house: gooil home; light work; $14. Apply
; 1002 Polk st.
WANTED— A Erood lady cook for hotel In city.
Please call Humboldt House, 1309 ' Stockton
': -street
GIRL, for ceneral housework: references;
wagres £20. Call between 9 and 12 at -172 1
Turk st. .
A -YOUNG -girl" for light housework. Call at
3C27 Seventeenth st. .
FIRST-CLASS waist hand; also apprentice
girl. MRS.R. J. STACY, 116 Stockton st
YOUNG Elrl for light housework. 024A Ful-
ton St. ' <-." ' .X'.: ¦¦.'..
WANTED — A young woman to do general
? housework. 2509 Howard st. ¦ ¦".¦.-¦
A FEW small girls to sew. on buttons. BAUER
¦ ¦ BROS. & CO... 21 Sansome st. ¦¦..¦:'¦ ;
150 OPERATORS . to take work home. 656
Mission; st, -fourth -floor. .;'.'.
50 OPERATORS on ladies' waists. 656 Mission
"¦¦ st, fourth floor. ,- "
50 OPERATORS I on ladies' underwear. 656
Mission st.. fourth, floor. .
50 . GIRLS to learn to operate; paid while
learning. 656 Mission st, fourth floor. •
WANTED — First-class tailoress on coats, for
; out, of town; good .wages. Box 2298, Call. '
GIRL 'to ¦ assist . In housework; small family.
Apply 2012 jGolden Gate ave.
WANTED— Apprentice girls on custom coats;
paid while learning. . 1020B Folsom. ' upstairs.
GIRL v for . general housework and cooking, 3
. In family, $25; forenoon. ',1815 Laguna st. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework;
no washing; wages $12. 1405 G. G. ave.
WANTED— Young German girl for genera!
housework. Apply 1019 McAllister. St. -
GIRL to assist in housework; good home; $12
month. 1413B Mason st.
EXPERIENCED cook and general housework,
, bet. 10 and 12. 1800 Sutter st
WANTED— Young girl for. general housework
. and cooking. 1805 Laguna st..- near Bush. .-¦
WANTED — Young girl to assist .with house-
. work in small family. 521% ; Castro st.
GIRL to assist in "care of^chlldren; no house-
work. 1221 Golden Gate ave. .' -. --."
WOMAN, or girl to do' plain cooking and light
;.- housework; wages $15. -1907 -Polk st.
OPERATORS . and , finishers , on . vests wanted.
. 641^ Stevenson st. ; ' < *
WANTED — Woman - understanding | waiting on
¦ invalid: .also- en oable of attending to some
. . other ' light duties. '-% 2302 Clay . st, . corner of
¦¦' Buchanan, 1 from ¦ 12 to 2 o'clock. .. y. ¦-.; .
FIRST-CLASS waitress for second work; good
•wages; also nurse for • small children and
sewing; no infants;* references. CfcU'morn-
V. Ings .at NW.~ cor. Broderick st. and G. , G ave.'
1E0 OPERATORS to take work home. " 656
Mission * st. , _• fourth floor. ¦ ¦ ' —'¦¦
NEAT girl for general housework ; wages $15.
, 1S12 Bush-st.-;. . . ...;..'•
FIRST-CLASS operators; . also finishers on
: vests ; ¦ wages no object. - 230% Ninth st*".'- .'
GIRL, r for.- housework '- and plain cooking for
family of 2. 14-14 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German girl for light housework. 1053
• Market" st. ..upstairs. ¦_•. ". ...
WANTED — Girl to - as3lst in light housework.
¦ 1 1724 ; Buchanan * st. -* -' ••-;-••- •". : r~'. . -
COMPETENT girl; light housework; must un-
t ; derstand cooking; good ,wages. ; 1180 O'FarrelL'
. OPERATORS at Levl> btrauss "_ ' Co.'V Overall
• Factory. .- ¦ S2V4 ' Fremont - «t ;•¦ no . r.xperlencs
, necessary: good pay, -uteady work. ' Apply to
. MU. ; DAVIS. . _ , v ; '. ¦
CAL. .College of Halrdressing and. Massage; ac-
; knowledged superior :.- to - all " others; every
¦ branch v of -the- trade- thoroughly -and '. prac-
-¦;" tically..'!taught'--in : 3 .weeks;' tuition -$5; .our
>>" pupils: are^ our living" advertisement. >Cail
t .". Supreme Court bldg.7305 Larkin sf; Uke ele.
ANi elderly German ? lady ¦. to '. take ¦ care : of two
. ' children; must. have some experience as gov-
erness; state religion; -salary, .$30 and found.'
1 jBox 2994, Call of flc ; r * ; " ;
SPIRITUALISM— Contlnnea. j-' ' r
AN independent writing and psychic seance to-
night,' 25c;. Chas. . Brock way, -: renowned ; tha
world over ' for ' his ". convincing tests ; : at : this
seance every one receives a test.- If. you are
. about 1 to make a change,' if . in . doubt as to
domestic affairs, financially or otherwise, at-
. tend this seanca : and ¦¦ receive ¦ satisfaction.
;. 1052 Ellis st... between Franklin and Gough.
.BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkln 3761— Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; trance, bus. ' medium ;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2.. 1104 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
CARD reading; ladies 10c; gentlemen ' 25c;
hours, 1 to 8. - 625 Minna st, near Seventh.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-nlght,10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
ONE I DOLLAR I....../..;"..! X)NE" DOLLAR^
. CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD. V
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
. Have a psychic . or palmistry ; reading - and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.,* j
$1 00! $1 00! $1 00! $1 00!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' -, quarrels, re-
unites the separated; tells whom you .will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you ' love,
how to overcome all enemies ; j gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily;. 10 to 5
Sundays. - . " - • ¦ ¦ - ¦ '
Reception rooms. 13. 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104. . . .
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. • . - ; ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the 1 present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you- are in trouble,, discontented, un-
happy, or not satisfied In life. 'or have domestic,'
love or ¦ business troubles. • consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
• them. Valuable advice in all- affairs -of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the .well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
.26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction • guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms.- Dally and Sunday.'
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
• secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
' fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p..m. 215% 6th.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT
- HIGH PSYCHIST.
" • The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when all others fall; permanently
1 located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.'
Just what you want to know; choice of. three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. ¦ 607,
Kearny st, parlors 1.2.. 3. , . . ", •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair/slt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A E11I_; clairvoyant,
crystal eeer; reads your life correctly, without
' ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a.m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12- a., m.
MME. L AROSE, 777% Market, r. 21— Gifted
• clairvoyant, card reader, 25c up; no sign.*
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.-
MME. Odell, clairvoyant/tells past, present &
. future. L. 25c; G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. LAVON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 059 Folsom, cor." 6th.
MME. HANSEN, well-known life and card
¦ reader and /palmist. 25c- ,148 Sixth. 1^14.
CONSULT the erifted clairvoyant. 349% Mln-
na st. near Fifth. •
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader.ll 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
MME. 'WALTERS; great card reader; lad: 25c;
\ gents 5Oc. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c;. G. 50c.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
60c and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant; scl- '
"entific palmist; card reader. -1007% Market.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON. -business me-
dium. price, $1. 519% Leavenworth st, S. F.
MRS. B.'"Baumann. well-known fortune teller.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25e up. -8 Fourth st. |
CARPET BEATIXG AMI CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted . with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating . Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. .104 14th st. :tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-clean Ing Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH _ CO.,* carpat-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 120. %
J. JS. MITCHELL..' Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel, Mission 74.
"37"- COLLECTION' OFFICES.
C^LU^JBLXN~T^aw~a7id~C^ne^tlo^A^e^cTPeth
floor. 91G Market st. ; advice • free. Tel. Bush
104: able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
DENTISTS.
'A — DR. T. S. HIGGINX 027 Market st, Emma'
Spreckels bids. — Painless dentistry at reason-
, able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other -II-
lngs $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 . up.
..Painless extraction. ..
. I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret," painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest • and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL, CLINIC. SOD Market, cor.'
.4th, rm.,7. Flood bldg., extractions done paln-
leFsly.teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns.SS 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a.m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone* — cannot -break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, f 3 50;fllllng3 5Oc;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental .Parlors.- 24 Sixth st.'
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; Ist-class prices; Ist-
class results. W. C. HARDING.M.D.. dentist.
room 24. 14 McAllister Et :painless extraction.
AT, Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy ; Bt— - -Work done
on. weekly installments;' lowest "rates.. .
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns.- $3: -fllllngs.SOc.
LOWEST nrices In S. F. ;. painless extraction,
BOc. N. Y. Dentists. 069 Mission. SE. cor. 6th..
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG,' 1841 Polk st. ,
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
le'ss ext. 50c; plates ?5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. H._G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly. In Murphy bldg-.
¦DOG SPECIALIST.
>Dl5. EDWARD nT-EAVY, canirte specialisV
late of New, York City,; has just located at
: fiOC Jones st..' where he will admlnster to th«
¦ ailments of domesticated animals: office hours
]Q to 3: telephone Kate 20S5.
, DOG - HOSPITALS:
DR. CREELY'S^C. P. dog snap by druggists
or<at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA.MSTltKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
, Class rates; patterns cut." 1019 Market, st-
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WAI.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffalt
.EDUCATIONAL. 1 ,
'A- — The official reporters 'of > Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE.. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? ; Life scholarship. $50;. catalogue. •..'
ACTING, elocution, specialties ;..Hallet School,-
> associated; with theatrical ' agency^ securing
'¦ .positions. -Alcazar, building,. 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g ; . figures.
• TARR. exp'ert accountant;- 220 Parrott bldg.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting ¦ has re-
• moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason St.. *
SHORTHAND taught by. mall' and personally.
-.. MISS M. G. BARRETT.' 302 1 Montgomery, st
C. ' Hoffman, « European tenor ; &'-volce? builder;
i ¦¦¦ . Ital."; meth. ; concert ; & oratarlo.'. 1017 • Sutter.
.VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar/, Prof.- MERKI, good
- teacher. 1003 Mission;, Instruments, selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. lOthT
Pitman shorthand,' typing, . bookkep. ; - $0 j mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY; and
-~ ILLUSTRATION— night class. ;¦ 424 , Pine s st
I- _B_JW_ffl_lf*nilllWlillflll>iilMBMl_l>dlliiiiii | iV 1 in m iiii'M
HOUSES FOR 8A-E!.
NEW, modern bouse, f_cln_ west; sun all day;
large " basement " and yard. Waller apd Por-
tola. bet Pierce and Stelner: easy payments.
HYGIEXIC HAIR^TREATMEXT.
DANDRUFF, all . scalp irritations posiUvelV
cured, ladies or gentlemen., by medicated
massage treatment: consultation tree. MR_.
HARTLAND, Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post
1.OST AND FOPXP.
LOST — A one-diamond gold bracelet between
Berkeley and Alcazar Theater. Thursday
evening. December 26. 4901. Suitable re-
ward If returned to 1429 Van Ness ave.. or
2123 Russell St.. Berkeley.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Say-
Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco ln
the name of PATRICK PLOVER. No. 373;
the finder will please return to banfc.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of Edmund Johnson. No. 2oS-4t».
the finder will please return to bank. ; -
?20 REWARD for the return of a- foxhound and
white and tan bulldog; lost on Golden Gata
ave. 136 Sutter st. < "
LOST— fLady's collaretta on Market st. Ftnde*
leave at 235 Kearny st, room IS. an_ re-
ceive reward.
LOST — Long blue overcdat at Orpheuin mati-- -
nee Sunday; reward. MARTIN, 1010 Broad-»_^
way. Oakland. | ¦
LOST — A passbook with The Hibernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th» - •_ -
name of KNUD JANSEN. No. 174-502. T__
finder will please return to bank. _^
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of MICHAEL McGUINNESS. No. 114-
7S8. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will "pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Wai.cn Casa Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine holsta 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
3_ATRI_ION_A_
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladle- send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 708 —Ills.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order also cleaned and setrillzed, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powt.ll
st. : tel. Bush 4.1.
- MEDICAL.
DR O'DONNELL— All who are *"ic_ and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. . My
medicines _av« been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases hav»
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: <«11 classes of female complaint j
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. 3.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St. opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles bef or« Tk
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment, $15; room and board, $5 week; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my privata
residence. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles* specialist;
80 years" experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
infants adopted.' 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 OTarrell St.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles* physician. ha»
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement 210 Eddy st. near
Taylor, for-reily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' .physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma- -
ternlty Home. 908 Market St. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAV1E3
at the old office. 122S Market st; 30 years"
experience In obstetric and other cafes.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVTES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; horns
In confinement 1128 Market st. S. 7.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladies*
specialist; a privata home before _ad during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen.. res. 134D Alabama
st. near 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NG TOT KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposlt*
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
BlI^CELLANEO^Sj— FOB^ALK.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery." Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, nulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. II.
8. WHITE. 516-520 .Mission st
SEALSKIN of finest quality; cost originally
$250; condition elegant; will sell for $100
cash: bust 38. Box 2973. Call office.
GENT'S* black suits for mourners rented for
$2 60. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
' ' st, upstairs.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pin*.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 T3. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
FOR Sale — Cheap; a rare mahogany grand -
- father clock. 20S Montsomery ave>.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California •_
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1813. worth $250 only
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton rt.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
20-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. S3.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton Bt.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321L
TYPEWRITERS 2d-band. all makes, at lot" 1
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and 'tennchea.- J. E. DOAK. 39G Mission St.* r
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
J. BURKE. 133 Beale St. — ' ¦-. ¦ .
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HBR-
MAN SAFE' CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. a Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oalc-
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
CHEAPEST and best in America — Tha Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one vear for It.
MISCELT^AXEOCS WANTS.
WANTED — To hire a set of tools for cleaning -
out? artesian well. Address Belvedere Land
Co., Belvedere.
"WANTED— A few diamonds: will pay caj_
orders at once. Box 2973. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Fol3om 252-.
LADIES & gents* good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
! BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tu_-
; xfa raits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MIXES AND MINING.
"fVA^ED^To^cjire a good gold^^n^Twrn
Incorporate company and purchase. Call at
room 406. 4th flocr. SpreckeU annex. S. F.
MUiitiy to loan. :
HERMAN MURPHY. 003 Examiner ba__l-{j~
........ $4,500,000 at lowest rates _
...... on first and second mortgages .,
'.. Life interests in estates „
t*f:z.... . Property being held in trust w
..... Undivided Interests In real estate . ...„
.'.Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
. .Financial problems of all sorts and sizes. .
If You Need Money ............
. SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bl».
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). 1 "~"
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages. Ufa insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a'.ove securities. Tel. Red 5021. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bl».
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. . •
First, second and third mortgages.
Undivided interest In real estate In probate*
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay...
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
...R. McCOLQAN......
........ 21 Montgomery st, room 3 .....I!.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent- first
second and third mortgages, estates In pro^
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile. Interests, corporation loans. Room lrt.
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
nZ?^*'* 9^™* and se -lsklns. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; ; tel. Black S471.
Oi L™?} Mtate ' >8t or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture orx pianos without removal: any
BP^T,°7* rt rates: open evenings T to 8L"'. i,
t BECKER & CO.. 927 Market st. room 813.
Oi i? n <8? T cent °° furniture: $3 a month on eacl»
11000; any security. 302 Montgonwr s_. _ t.
'_ . EDUCATIONAL— Continued. O ; :
SECOND term /night ": school' for , men/ /Young
,. Men's Christian Association,' Mason and Ellis
_: 6ts. ; 15 T week courses, beginning ' January 6;- ;
bookkeeping course. $5, electrical course $5,
, English . course $3,' stenographer's course ¦ $4;
classes . in algebra, •¦ Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, ¦ arithmetic, assaying,
7 bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
.commercial geography; commerciallaw,. elec- .'
. tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
ing, '; geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, r aval architecture, penmanship,
political • science, -. social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply 'at 'office for hours 'and tuition prices.' A.
A. MACURDA. EducaUonal Director; -VL'.S.-
McCoy. General Secretary. ¦ ¦; . -. . , . ...
HE ALD' S . SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
. NEERING — Theory,' demonstration; construe-'
tion. laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. ; . • ... ¦ ..r .: -
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education ; > shorthand,
. typing, bookkeeping.- arithmetic, penmanship.
- • speling, i Spanish, , etc. ; ' experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,' '
it — thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering;- day and night; catalogue free.
MERRILL-MILLER Colleger-Shorthand,- typ- '
.ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlnlng,mech,suri
-; vey,. assay., cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
, modern methods; .positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st :
A FULL cpurse of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
-.' Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. ¦;¦¦
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.-
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue . free. .
ARITHMETIC/ bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.;'" $5 mo. 1024 MIsslon,nr.6th. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, , sent to any address in '.tha ;
United States* or- Canada one year for $1,
poptaee paid. ¦ "¦¦" ¦-¦-¦¦ ¦¦ - ¦
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
A.- S. ; NAKO. 509 i Bueh st.. : Main 1640 — Japan-
ese contractor and 'employment office; con-
tracts taken for general farming help, sugar '
beet field help, canneries or factories. J .>y \
A — JAPANESE reliable ' house-cleanlns. ' cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 3233 Page. cor.Lyon ;tel.FeIl : 8501.
JAPANESE and" Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKIytel. Bush 135. j
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
: Best help. 411% O'Farrell st: tel. East 426
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot-
. flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
,; reliable help. 524 Bush st: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
/•'.nese help. 42ff Powell. nr.Sutterttel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
! TO cook. for men or on a small ranch. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter Bt.
A FRENCH woman, first-class cook, wants po-
sition; first-class references. MRS. M; Er
• DAY &,CO.', 335 Geary st ¦-..;< :*
RESPECTABLE woman,. Is a good cook, wishes
.' situation; will do some washing; in an Amer-
. lean family; likes children; city or country.
, 214 Fifth st_ . .
SMART capable young Eastern woman, used
; to traveling, ' wishes position as maid or com-
''panlon to lady going south; references. .-. Box
2910. Call office. , .
STENOGRAPHER; lady with five years' • ex-
perience In New York, wishes position; rapid •
worker; understands bookkeeping; references.
. Box 2917, Call office.
COMPETENT girl from the East wants cook-
ing or housework; answer by letter- only;
¦competent. 228% Sixth st. .- i '
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as assistant
bookkeeper; understands, typewriting. Ad-
dress box 291S; Call office. .
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few
¦ ; more engagements or take work home. 554%
' Stevenson st. • .
RELIABLE woman;; does house cleaning or
washing by the day. -15A Oak Grove ave., off
: Harrison, between Fifth and Sixth.' |
BY elderly American woman, position do light
•housework; moderate -wa_es. Call at 625 -
¦ Chestnut st.,, Oakland. .
WANTED — A position as; housekeeper bji a
competent American woman with one child. ¦
Address MRS.' LANE, 946 Mteslon st, rm. 10.
STRONG American woman wants work wash- 4
ing, ironing or house-cleaning; $1 day and
car fare. Box 2291, Call office. : ,.
BY strong reliable i woman, washing or house-
-. cleaning by the day. Address Laundress,
1747 Mission st. ' '.,_.-
GOOD book wishes position in -private family
where second girl is kept. Call at 157 Erie
, st , -. near Folsom. •
\ GERMAN girl wants a position; care of chil-
C dren and as seamstress. Call or address
421% Cedar ave. . '¦¦"'"*/ ¦¦•..¦¦•
TYPEWRITING of all, kinds neatly done; rea-
sonable rates. Address box 29S2. Call. '
WANTED — By competent woman from' the
East; position as ladies' maid or companion.
Address MRS. L. G. HANNA. 1354 Tenth
ave.. East Oakland, Cal.- ..
SITUATION wanted— Expert will go to ladles'
homes to give scalp treatment, facial mas-
sage, etc.; best of references. MISS A,/ DA-
VIS, phone Folsom 131.
WANTED — To sew In families; $1 per day and
cai 1 fare; city or country. Address D., box
2962, Call office. _:
YOUNG lady "18 wishes to act as companion
. to elderly lady or take care of children; will-
lng to travel. Box 2980. Call office.
FIRST-CtASS modiste desires engagements by
..the day; city or country; street, evening and
cloth suite. Call up telephone Sutter 1873.
RESPECTABLE lady would like to get work
in a rooming or lodging' house from 9 to 4.
Address 37 Ivy ave., upstairs. '
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 50
- to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
. bus and baggage to and from ferry..
A BRANCH offlcefor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10WS
¦ Valencia st. ¦ ' ." v —
-CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT ""WANTED— MALE.
PORTER, neat young man. strong and willing,
desires work for board during winter. Ad-
dress Norwegian, box 2299, ; Call. '
GOOD, honest; sober, and Industrious young
': man would like to work in a grocery or cigar
¦ store; ". havo got- references and - experience.
Address box 12300. Call office. .
TWO strong young men' wish work of any
kind; one has some experience in tinsmithlng
'and roofing, the other-delivery driver; city
references. Box 2915," Call office. }
GARDENER of good theory ; desires place on
private estate J Address box 2919,' Call office.
A SOBER young man of 25 wants work of 'any
: kind; has some experience in carpenter work
" or would drive delivery wagon or take care of
.horses; good references. Box 2293, Call office.
BAKER,' good* reliable -man, wants position;
;.-i country shop. Baker.' 240 Third st.
MAN, familiar with the city will drive and care
for one or two horses. ; Box 2292, Call office.
WANTED— By elderly, i wide awake American,
work with private family; city or . country.
. Address . box ¦ .•>176, ¦ Call office. /-¦ ••»
BT trained nurse with hospital experience; care
of sick, -rich or poor; will charge according to
means; massage and- electrical treatment;
best recom. Nurse, 616 Folsom ; tel. James 11:
WANTED by, well . educated, ' energetic and re-"
liable young,. man ..of 26.:- salaried position,
575; .six years'- experience In office .work;
thorough ; accountant "•: Box . 3119, ¦ Call office.
SWEDISH man desires position ; to - do" any
" kind' of work; best . references -given. • 253
Fell St.; telephone Kate 29. > '^ ; ,"¦ . <
JAPAN13SE. ' educated young ¦ man, wants - a
few hours' work in the evening. E.'A., 807
: Poik. st.v--;- , - .... .. -. .. ,-.. "
SITUATION as grocery clerk by young man'of
experience. , Box 2974. Call. . .: » ..'. .
BAKER foreman,' steady and competent,' wants
-place. .'Address Baker. 225 Third st, Oakland.
.WANTED— By^ bright German,'- position' to so-
¦ licit and'cpllect; best of references given; also
.bond or cash security./ Box 3183. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
:¦_--¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A 'BRANCH "office for Call advertisements' and
; . subscriptions ; has been established at ; 1090
¦ Valencia st. ' -' ' > '¦' •' -¦'¦?
V.^-Va ., :¦¦'. :'; '•••.' i -FINANCIAL. ; ,'- ¦ : '-'-'Si '¦:."> '
COMPANIES - M : promoted, .: ' guaranteed .-. and
': financed, . stock .-, taken . in ' payment for serv-
. Ices ; i good ; propositions . wanted ; - gold * bonds
-., furnished. - PACIFIC ¦ STATES MINING
- AND, INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.V. :.'[
PACIFIC ¦ Coast Underwriting f Co. (Inc.) — We
• " have: 42 i offices; In -operation; new. method of
' ". placing • stocks -. and i bonds; ' companies .. incor- >
. . porated ; , stocks and bonds underwritten." Call
, or address > main ; office, C07-S-9 Parrott ; bldg."^The Flottbek was recently wrecked on
the Atlantic coast and many of the crew
of the Matteawan were lost with the lat
ter vessel in the storm of December 3.
TACOMA, Jan. 6.— In the Federal court
to-day Judge Hanford awarded to the
three. tugs of the Tacoma Tug Company
and to the steamer Matteawan about
$200,000 for saving the German ship Flott
bek, sixteen miles south of Cape Flattery,
In January. 1901. The court remarked on
the personal bravery of the crew and
awarded to each man from $300 to $500.
SAILORS ARE REWARDED
FOB SAVING A VESSEL
"WEST UNION, Iowa, Jan. 6.— Homer
M. Neff, County Surveyor and former
County Clerk, laat night shot and killed
Mis* Rose Falb, to whom for several
yeary he has been paying attention,
wounded Ernmett Sullivan, his rival, and
then . killed - himself. The deed was com
mitted In the' room of Miss. Falb at the
Commercial Hotel. Sullivan and tho girl
were conversing: when suddenly Neff ap
peared In the doorway, firing 1 five shots
In rapid succession. Four of the shots
took effect, two entering the girl's head
and one penetrating the right breast. Sul
livan was struck In the face, the bullet
glaftcing:. He will recover. Then Neff
turned off the light and went' across the
park to his room, where he deliberately
locked the door, removed 1 the empty
shells from his revolver, reloaded it,
turned off. the light and shot himself In
the temple, death being instantaneous.
MefC has lived- here the greater part of
his life. He was about 45 years old and
bore an excellent reputation, though con
sidered somewhat eccentric. For some
time he has owned and operated, In com
pany with >his brother, the local electric
light plant.
Kills His Sweetheart and
Then Slightly Wounds
His Rival.
JEALOUS LOVER
USES REVOLVER
DETROIT. Mich.. Jan. 6.— A lien on the De
troit and Toledo Shore Line electric road for
$250,087' was filed in the Register of Deeds'
office to-day by William H. Strange, a New
York contractor. The Detroit. and Toledo
Shore Line Is owned by the Everett-Moore syn
dicate of Cleveland. . : , . /
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 6.— Melbourne
MacDowell,. the actor, who ended an en
gagement here ' yesterday, . signed a sen
sational deposition to-day Un his suit
against Clarence M. Brune, a theatrical
manager, who last season starred his
wife, Minnie "Tittell Brune, and Mac-
Dowell In Sardou's play "Theodora.".
MacDowell in his deposition swears that
in New . York, while intoxicated, he was
induced to sign bills of sale conveying the
rights to the Sardou plays to Brune for
$500. He asserts that fraud was used in
bringing about the transaction and asks
that it be set aside. The suit was .filed in
Ramsay County, Minnesota, and seeks to
recover damages and to restrain Bruno
from producing any of the Sardou plays.
Other sensational statements are made by
MacDowell in his deposition, one being to
the effect that he was drugged in New
York,- put on board a steamer and taken
first to Boston and then to Newport
News, and" that at ¦ Baltimore later and
while, still' under the influence of the drug
he was married. ' „" -
MelbourneMacDowell Swears
to a Highly Sensational
Deposition. 'V V
Says He Married While
Under the influence
of Drugs.
STRANGE STORY
TOLD BY ACTOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANXTARY 7, 1902.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave' Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:l»p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa 8:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p S:27p 8:05a.......
" Visalla.. 3:39 p 6:00 a .......
"Bakersfld 6:15p 5:20p 7:45a
•• Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30a
." Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
' a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00. a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars- and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair! Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. • Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 ;
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
¦Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at' Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
| 7:20'a. nv is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
: ¦ Offices — 641 Market street and i in I Ferry
; Depot. San Francisco; 1112 > Broadway,
j_Oakland : __^ mm^^^^^^^^ mm _^__^_^_
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry j*V -V.j •
Commencing . September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m. ;
vEXTRA TRIPS^ — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael | on I Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^(M). no :00, «ll:30 a. m., 'l^S,
8*15, »4:45. 6:30, 0:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. m., *12:25, 2:15, «3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «: 15, *8:00. •10:00. «11:45 a. m.,
•1:40. *3:15, 4:45, *6:3O-p. m.
¦Trains marked (*) start from Ean Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:M>, 5:10 p. m.
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:06 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15.
3:30, 5-00, 6:45 p. m.
, THROUGH TRAINS." , >
6:55 a. m. week days^ — Cazadero and way
stations. - ' ¦ '«¦
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦
-8:00 a- m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.'
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. - -
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY.
Leave - Via Sansalito Ferry . Arnve
' San Fran. Foot of Market St. ¦ San Fran.
Week Sun- -.««-_,_*.„«*_ Sun- Week,
J*£& *Z± JZZZ^yrZZ days. Day?.
9-30 A. 8:00a. p^. u TM 1.00 p. 9M a.
iiS i S8K: - -TST' ** S V IS J:
1:15 p. *•-"". Vt>k ?¦»""*.¦ |5^5p.
. Fir., Bu FiudM te Sumlt ul I<tini, 11.90. ' .
. I ts«krt oa«j, cn jujuxTBXBxn ud aiggji.rto max.
«Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABNTST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of I'rivata
Diseases. Lont Kmnbnod. Debility or
dlnease wearlnron body and nilnrt and
Skin Dlgeaees. Tbe Do :tor cures wljpn
others > fall. - Try him. Chargw low.
Cure* guarantee!:. Call or writ*
l»r. if. 1*. «IBBOS. aaa Fraaclsco. Cal '
V<. ARTISTIC PLORAll DESIGNS -,:.:
Prices; Reasonable).
107 POWELL ST.NSAaELUS ZZZ 505ft
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
' Ir»l»s ¦•»*« mmiI nr« dn« to nrrl** at ¦
', MAN KUAMISIO. !
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) ¦*
I1AT1 — ITHOU DlCXXMB 6. 190L — AMXZfm
7iOOa BenicU, Sulsua, Elmirm and 8*cnt-
. memo 8:3-1*
7iO«a Vuaville, WlntnrCBumsey ?sM»
7 :3« * M trt!u«z, 3*n lUmoa, Vallejo. K»p%
CaUatofjtMdS&nU Bow di33p
¦iOOa D»»is. Woodland. Katgau Landing.
MajrjsTille. OtotIIIh. 7iA-1p
- »iOO* AtlmnUo Kxpreaa— Ogd«n and Bast »:*»*
•HM>a Kile*. lAthrop, Stockton ?<S3r
•tO«A Miles, Mendota, lUnford. Visalls, ',
Porterrilta.. f:33f
•if Oa ShuU Ezpreat— Davis. Wnilantt (for
Bartlett SprlngsJ, WIUowi, Bad
Blufl. Portland... 7«3»* '
••¦•a 8»ii Joaa. Lliermoio, Stockton,
\ lone, Hacrauieuto. PlaeerriUa,
MuryiTllle, Cbloo, BedBlnff...... 4i*3p
l •i30AO»kilale,Ohlneie,8onor», Tuolumne 4:23p
•i«Oa Hay ward. NUel »nd War SUtiont.. 1 ItffS*
•tOOA Vallejo lat93»>
»iOO a Los . Aocalas Bznrett — Martinez.
Tr»cy, Lathrop. Htoekton, Mnoad .
Franno and I<o« Angelc* .......... T>53a
•<SO* Vallrjo, ntartinei anil Wa/Ht»;lon« 7:-"»»r
ItiUtf a The OrerUnrt Lltnlted-Ogden, Vm-
»er. Omaha. Chlngo Bi83»
flsOOr Bacramauto ItlferHtaamera fll:OUf
SsOOr Bentots, Whiten. baeramanto,
Wootlland. KnlvbU lauding.
M»rx»»llle. Oro»illo I 0:3.7 a
>>S*rH>Twud, Nlleaand Way 8UUon».. i 7:33r
4>a«p Martluer, Hau lUmou. Vallejo,
Napn. iMUtor*. Smiia Bom 0i3Sy
4t00r NDes, LlTermoro. Stockton. Lort 1... .1?:U3»
4i»upHsyward.Nlle«,^ku Joan, LfTrrmoxs jSU>4a
• 4>B0rThe Owl I.lmitld — Freatio, Tulare. .
Baksrsflelil. Saugiia (or Santa. Uar-
barm. Loa AiiHotea 8>83a
B t«OT Port Cost*. Tracy. L»threp, Stock ten 1«:33a
OtQUrMutinrz. Antiocb, Stockton, Wsr-
eed. Fresno 12j3.1t
•t«Or Hay ward. Nile* aod Hau Jom ?>?3a
.{•t»4»r Vallejo I1j23*
- tliOup Orienul Mail — Ogdmi, Dentor. '
Omaha, fit Loins. Chicago 4:33a
?t*«r Orsfou and Oalironito Kn.ro™. H«o-
rameiito, M»ry*fllle, l(e«l<lliig,
1'ortl.iml, Tngnt Hound suit Rait l<3Si
¦lOSrSia Pablo, Port Cotta, Mirtlaei
and Way gtatlona 11:25a
|g«OSy Vallcji. 7i53f
COAST LINE (!Urrora U»u R e).
(foot of Mitrkat Street.) ___^ '
¦iISa N6Wark.C«nitBr»lll8,Saa JoM.Kclton, !
Uon!JerCri!ek,8aiitiLCtuiandVV*f . .
Statlolis „ ai3«»
t««l Or Sawaxk Centenrilln. Hun .Io«o, N»w .
Alramlan, Faltou. Kouliiar Creek, <
V Santa Cnix ud Vrfndpmt Way.
Sutions..... ..; loin**
4i1.1p Newark, fUu Jose, LoiGAtos i»ii0h
«9.30p Hnnten' Train— 6»n Jose and Way
Buttons n.ao»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from 811 fEAHCISCO— f »oV of JUrkit StrMt (SB; 85—
17:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:23 3:03 / 5:15f.».
FrinaOilUNB— r»i»«'BfUilw«T.— 1«:00 18:00 t3;«
1 I0:00«.ii. 12:03 8.30 t:03r.u.
COAST LINE (Broad llawge).
Crhlnl mid Towna>eii<l Sta.)
Ot I oa San Jose and Way Heaaons.. ........ - s<4*a
7:00a Han .loaoand W»rSUtluua i1:o»t
/7iUoa New Almxteii /4dN;
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gilroy, Salinas. Sin Lola Obiapo,
Santa Barbara, Uo» An B eles and
BTindpallntermedi&toaUtlons.... 10949V
BiOOa Hun Jum, Tres fiuos. Hanta <'rnx, -
Faeillc (Uove, salines. San Lois
¦ ¦'¦ -.Si'-. Obispo and Prinelpa! lutermedUU
, .SUtlons •!«!#»
1O:HOa San Jc§e and Way Stations fliSCaV
I 1<XWa Han Joaa »ud Way MUtiona »>-!•*
. t>>-li>r «an Mateo, Itedwood, Menlo Park, *
Pmlo Alto. H**t» Clan. San Joaa. .
Trea Finos. Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey »¦¦<! l*aciHe Grnru f|0r4S4.
8»»wr «mn Jose and Way Stattoni. l>>*t>
*4:l5p San Joseand Prii.eip»l Way Stations Silt*
. 4 >3Or Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes. j
days, Friday*, for Los Aogelea, El -
Paso New Orleans and Kaw York.
Arrires Hundiya. Tuesdays sad
Thursdays U 10i13a ;
. <3i00p San Joiw, Loi G»tos and Principal
. Way Stations.. 19rO«*.
Si3Op Sao Jose and Principal Way Station* 6iSO»
«:3Opa%n Jose and.' Way. StaMons 7»1O»
7tO«r New Orleass Exprera — Han Lnta .
OhUpo. Suita Barbara.- Los An- *
geles, Dt-mtag-, El Paso, New Or-
leins and E»st 7«S»*.
fllt45p8a» JosaniKl Way SUHoos.. ....... 7i3f :
A for Morninz. ' \ P for Afternoon,
t BuiKlar ezeei>ted. ¦ ! Anndity only. -
_aflatnr<1»T only : / Tuesdays and Friday*,.
_ _ . . «
CALIFORNIA NOfiTHWESTEfiN RY. CO.
, LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO: AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
fian . Francisco to San Rafaol.
"WEEK DATS — 7:30,. 9:00. 11:00 «. m.: 12:33.
3-^0,. 5:10, 6:30 p. . ra. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3. -80.
5:00, 0:20 p. m.
baa Rafaol to Fan Francisco.
WEEK DAYSl-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:53 and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:10, 11:10 a.'m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05. B:25 p. m. ¦ .
Leave I In Effect • I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. -28. 10011 San Francisco.
W«ek I Sun- I, ( Sun- I Week
Dayg. I . daya. | Destination | daya. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Neva to. 10:40am 8:10am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10 :25am.
¦8:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa- T :35pm 6:20pm,
Pulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsbur?, 10:10am
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
3:30pm S :00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am.
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5 :00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:10am
and
5:I0pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00aml ¦ 110 :40am]10 :25am
3:30pm| S :00pm I Sebastopol. I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Spring*; at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale ' for the Geysers; at Hopland for
; Duncan Smings. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
'•vllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
1 and Bartlett Springs; at LTtlah lor Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake .Witter Springs; Upper Lake, Pomo.
! Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's,
I Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr* a
Hot Springs. - Mendoclno City. Fort "Brags.
Westport, Usal, Wlllits, Laytonville, Cummlna.
Bell's Spring3. Harrlj, Ol3en's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
'Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
" H.*C,WHmNO. ' R. X. RYAN.
• ¦' Gen. Manager. Gen. Past A gt.
ifeeilrCi HiOOirYfia-
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cnfnrn.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished" rooms • and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 279 — Airy rooms, §1 50. $2, $5
week, running water; transient. 60c. $1 day.
POST, 420 — Rooms suitable for .4 gents; also
single rooms. $2 up. ¦ :¦. ¦ '
POWELL, 233, cor. Geary (Edinburgh) — Ele-
i pnntly furnished sunny suites and. singles;
also handsome front rms., suitable for offices.
SEVENTEENTH] 3795— $15; modern bay-
window flat. 4 rooms, bath; water free. ;
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
TURK. 543 — Clean, quiet single room, $5 per
month; with bath; private. • ¦ •• v :
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
• 'ROOMS AXD BOARD. !
HOTEL Buena . Vista will open to-day; newly
I furnished; good table; In warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia st.
ROOM and board; elegantly furnished congenial
home; pri.; mod. 'con. ; reas. | Box 2948, Call.
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
—In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
1 fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. /.: .
THE Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.'
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL. Repelier. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists..
MISSION, 1669 — Front room in private German
family, with or without board. ¦ v
VAN NESS. B19 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments: conv.; 2 to 5 gents: bent table board.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROO31S AND BOARD WMTED.
NICE rooms, with loard. 30 Liberty St.,
Mission warm belt, near Valencia, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. V
ROOMS jyAATED-
WANTED — By man and wife, 2 neatly fur-
nished housekeeping rooms within walking
distance of the ferry building. Box 2295, Call.
WANTED — A quiet, - furnished room by a
young- gentleman,* not beyond 3 blocks from
the Panhandle; state price. Box 2934. Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. '
RUPTURE cured at^HUNTERTs" S ANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st.; treatment free; only
; . Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to Jan. 1, 1902: Jennie Anderson, aged 7
years. Olga Anderson, 4; Alice Obrist, 7:
Onlta V. "Mayberry, 11; Lucy B. Cain, 9;
Mary Colgrove, 3; Mary M. Crankshaw, 6;
Gladys Crankshaw, 5; Adelaide Parker, .10;
Margaret Voss, 10; Joycelln E. ' Martin, 11;
Ethel Plant. 12; Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe,
9; Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe, 2;' Ruth
Congdon. 7; Mildred Congdon, 5; Florence
Hodge, 18 months; Grace Bess^ 5 years; Irene
Jones, 10. . -. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10 ;tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
• Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented,, exchanged; re-
. pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest' rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storaee and Movin* Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; -tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
tion st: tel. Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving. Com-
- pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson. 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREaTbARGaTnS IN^lfP&VmiTEKS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, &36 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
- typewriter doctors:estlmate free. 209Sansome.
- PIVIDEXD NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRU8T
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber SI. - 1901. dividends have been . declared
on deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deDosits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the- prin-
cipal from and after January 1, 1802. J. .
D^LZELL. BROWN, Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY. 101 Mont-
gomery st.. corner of Sutter — The board ot
directors declared a dividend for the . term
. ending December 31. 1901. at the rate of
! three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an*
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2, 1902. Dividends
not called for are added to and bear tha
same rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January 1. 1902.
CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND~NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend. No. 37. of seventy-
five cents (75c). per share on the Issued capl-
i tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 435
California St.. San Francisco, on January
10th. 1902. Transfer books close January
3d. 1902. at noon. A. ' A. SPARKS. Sec.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st. — The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1902.
' ERNEST BRANH. Secretary.
LEGAL Al»\ KKTISKIUM*;^
EXTENSION OF PROTEST— CAPTAIN U.
WARNERS, master of the Hamburg
schooner Hercules (R. K. V. N.) will extend
his protest on FRIDAY, January 10, 1902. at
10:30 o'clock a. m., at the office of the Im-
perial German Consulate in this city, 318 Sac-
ramento st. . ROSENTHAL, Imperial German
Consul General. San Francisco, January 6,
1902. ¦.'.•¦
vi MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
ye3terday:
Edward Mbreton. " 40. 802 Sutter street, and
Mary E. Ward, 40, 1191 Bush street.
' Prince David Kawananakoa, 33, Honolulu,
H. I., and Abigail W. Campbell. - 19. Honolu-
lu, H. I.
Byron B. Bird, Cl, Ely, Nev., and Mary R.
Button. 46, Ely, Nev. ¦ .
William F. Condon, 34, 7&> Harrison street,
and Gertrude Esnard, 22, 1325 Minna street.
Frank Liljenberg, 21, city, and LUlle E.
Kreckman, 21, city.
George McCampbell, 28, 900 Jackson street,
and Betty Landiss, 22. 909 Jackson street.
Barthold Lissner, 29, Oakland, and Elsa
Harris, 19, city. •
Frank Thompson. 21. B01 Bryant street, and
Gertrude Worden, 19, 501 Bryant street.
Charles Schwartz. 24. 9 Powell street, and
Jessie Grose, 21, 915 Oak street.
Frank G. King, 28, Pendleton, Or., and
Celestine Morse. . 26. city. * ;>
John Jacobson, 40, city, and Mary E. An-
drews. 33, city. ' : , „ „„ „ • ' ¦ •
•James A. Badger, 26. 553 Natoma street,
and May E. Clarey. 23, 14 Morris avenue.
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mstr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND! EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
. ¦ Telephone South 80. • .
— ; ; ~~ .:¦_¦ ¦ ¦ ,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS. -
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON.' Manager.
jambs McGinn, ;.¦.;.¦ I
Formerly, with McGinn . Bros.', I has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones.' Telephone South 578. .>?£
(UNITED UNDERTAKERsi
I . 17 i>nd 29 Fifth St. Tel.South is? I
"1 rUNERAL DIRECTOBS AND EMSALMER3.I \
1 M Finest Equipment _nt Moderate ¦ Rates. ,* - ;
REMOVED!
JVlcGINV BROS!;
FUNERAL " DIRECTORS and ' EMBALMERS.
to 222 and 226 McAllister street. (Formerly of
31 Eddyi street.' Tel.' South 252.);, \ '
NEW HKM-OP Ui>Dti<4TAK£RS. \
- .Samuel McFadden, .18 years manager for"
the United. Undertakers* Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late .with- J.- C. O'Con-
' nor-- A- Co..- have opened new Funeral'' Par—
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and EiKhtb. ; Telephone South 4-J. . . ¦ .-
< - (CTFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦- invited '; to t attends the - funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at; 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of 'Halsted »&-Co.. 946 Mission ' street. -In-
., terment, I.. O..O.'F.' Cemetery. •. ., . .•¦
WONG IWONG^-In j the I City i and County Hos-
*¦ pltal. January, 6,r 1902," Wong , Wong, < a ; na-
1 tive ofi China, aeed 50 years.;- :.-">:<t>.-. . ¦•-;.-. v.
• . '. . CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
'¦ fully invited . to - attend the .- funeral to-day
' ¦ (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty &• Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. John's Church
(old St. Mary's College), where a solemn
. requiem : high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. |
STUART — In -this city. January 5, 1902. Abble
H. H. Stuart, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 61 years. (Olympia, Waah., papers
please 'copy.) <;.- "»:¦•-.
icy Friends and acnuaintances are respect-
fully f invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at '2 o'clock, from ¦ the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
-> Interment at • Olympia, Wash., by Tuesday
evenlns*s - train. >-,-' :
SULLIVAN— In ' Phoenix, Arizona. December
, 31, 1901, Eugene, beloved husband of Lizzie
Sullivan, and i father of Michael. James,
Eugene . and the • late :• Margaret • Sullivan, a
' native of the ' parish of Inchigeila, County
. Cork.', Ireland.' aged 35 years • 3 . months ¦ and
** 2 ; days. . . ¦ ¦ v '- ¦ . ¦ ; - •¦,¦•'¦¦¦,"'.¦.
« |C7Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
' . fully invited to I attend ; the ¦ funeral to-day
*.. (Tuesday); at 9:30 o'clock." from the. parlors
of 3. ; C. O'Connor • & Co.. 767 : Mission street.
'-,-i thence •' to V St.' Teresa's I* Church. Potrero.
¦'"- where : a requiem ± hleh • mass • will be cele-
brated:, tor 'j the repose of his : soul- at 10
o'clock.' Interment' Holy Cross Cemetery,
i VAUGHAN— In. this city. : January 5. - 1902.
¦ Hanora, beloved mother of Edward Vaughan,
. " a ' native • of * County ¦ Clare, Ireland, " aged S7
:.- yearn..' •¦¦¦¦¦• '¦'-':' "-.:¦"•.;. ¦','"¦ ¦'
WATTS— In this city, January 3, 1902, Esther
. Hidden « Watts, sister of Martin - S. Hidden
\ of > Peacham. • Vt.", and. .: Mrs. Albert • LoVeJoy
of North . Hartland. .' Vt^. ¦ a ; native ¦- of : Ver-'
• - mont; aged ,77. years ¦ 11 • months and • 13 days. .
• (Vermont "> papers please . cony.) , '.-'¦• ;
icy Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'NEILL. — In Middleport, N. Y., December 21;
1901, Lawrence O'Neill, brother of Felix,
.Edward, Frank and Mary O'Neill, a native
of Massachusetts. . /•¦ '¦
PETERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
January 5, 1902, N.' P. Peterson.
ROJAS — In this city. January " 0. 1902, Joseph
A., beloved son of Frances and Joseph Rojas,
and brother , of Angel Soto, Mrs. F. Grlmley,
Mrs. M. Gomez. Mrs. M. Graham, Mrs. P.-
Hlguera, y Mrs. G. Lemont and the late. Man-
uel Soto. a native of California, aged 29
years. : • " . > .
IPTFrfends and acquaintances are respect -
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hia late
residence, 3414 Mission street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commenclne at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
' Cross • Cemetery. . . .
SEARLE — In this city, January 5, 1802, Mar-
garet, Wife of A. T. Searle, beloved mother
ofN. W.. W. H.'and E. F.- Murphy, a na-
. tive of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 68
¦ years. ¦ ' ¦' :.'¦¦'' • ••¦ - -.¦.-.¦.¦
ICTFriends and acquaintances are I respect-
' fully invited to attend : the funeral to-day
• (Tuesday); at 9 ' o'clock, . from the parlors of
'¦ J.: C. O'Connor &. Co'., 767 Mission street,
< thence ¦ to St. Francis Church, where a . re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
' repose of hia soul, commencing at 9:30
• o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH — In this . city. January 4; 1902. Mary
Ann, beloved wife, of? Bernard Smith, a na-
tive of Canada, aged years. .
|£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to " attend . funeral services to-
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence. 709 Fifth street. Oakland. Inter-
: raent Mountain View Cemetery.
MURPHY— In Portland, Or., January 5, 1902,
1 Daniel A. Murphy, beloved husband, of Mary
Murthy, and father of Mary V., Daniel, J.,
Margaret, John and Euzene Murphy, a na-
tive of the City of Cork, Ireland. ¦>
IC7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission Btreet,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment 'Holy Cross . Cemetery.
MATTHEW — In Oakland. January 6. 1902.
- Mary, ¦ beloved wife of George Matthew, and
Bister of Anna C. Allen, a native of Dun-
gannan, Ireland, aged 61 years and 1 month.
- icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Tuesday), at 1 :45 o'clock, from ' his
late residence, 1209 Fulton street.' thence to
Odd Fellows' Hall; Seventh and' Market
streets, where services will be held -under the
auspices of Franco- Americalne Lodge ¦ No.-
207, I. O. O. F. Interment Leurel Hill
Cemetery. - - , . .
MILLZNER— In this city, January. 5, 1902,
Josephine Mary Millzner, mother of Leo,
, Victoria, Carrie and John Mlllzner. and
daughter of William . Gleeson, a native of
Dublin; Ireland, aeed 35 years. '
¦'*. |C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend Vhe funeral to-day.
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence at San Mateo, thence to Cypress Lawn
¦ Cemetery, by train leaving San Mateo at
12:30 o'clock.
MERGENTHALER— In this city. January 5,
. 1902, Frederic G. Mereenthaler. beloved
I father of Mrs. Jules Gerhardt and Miss
. Juliette 'Mergenthaler, a native of Stras-
bourg, Alsace, aged 61 years 8 months and
' 19 . days. -A member of Franco- Amerlcalne
Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F., and of the Na-
tional Union.-: -•¦;-- -.¦:--. - -¦ • -
- E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
¦ . Hall, ¦ corner Market and Seventh streets,
where services. 'will- be held under the
auspices of Western Addition Lodge No. 285,
I; O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MAHLER— In this city, January • 6. 1902,
Henry Christian Mahler, dearly beloved and
• only eon of Herman H. and Minnie Mahler..
and • brother of Emily Mahler, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years and 5 days.
MAYNARD — In San Mateo, January 5, 1902,
Mary, i daughter . of Mrs: R. W. Jones, and
sister of Clarence and Almurian Mayfleld, a
native of San Mateo, Cal., aged. 25 years 3
months and 27 days.
- (CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited to attend a solemn requiem
mass for the repose of her soul this (Tues-
day) morning at 9:30 o'clock, at Star of the
Sea Church, corner Point Lobos and Eighth
avenues. Interment . private. Holy Cross
Cemetery. . -, «
McDONALD-^-In this city, January 4, . 1902,
'- James V. McDonald, a native of Prince Ed-
ward Island, aged 32 years.
McLEAN— In this city, January 4, 1902, at his
. residence, 1621 O'Farrell. street. Joseph- R.,
beloved husband of Hattle A. McLean, and
¦ devoted father of May McLean. *a native of
Prince Edward Island. . Canada, acred 52
- years and 27 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 3, K. of P., and Far West
Lodge No. 2324. K. of H.
dence, 015 Minna street, to-morrow (Wednes-
day. ANNA C. GILL. President.
| , BEIiLE G. BOYLE, Secretary^
McDERMOTT— In this city. ' January 5, 1902,
Alice McDermott, the beloved wife of John
McDermott. and mother of John McDermott
Jr., a native of County Fermanagh, Ireland,
aged 70 years. v • -
MI-XICIPAL Loan Oftij*. if Orant ave.. war
Geary et.; j*one Red 3C03.
~; rHI y re«-5ectable private place to obtain
h S«<& oa d^mcndE. jewelry at
•iw£ft r, te9 Paldxrin Jewelry Store. S40
'yjrtet rt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
~~\<u leaned to salaried people on note wlth-
-|-«t !ndor»er or on rr.crtpage at 0 per ceflt per
cnm'm. 009 Kxaralner building.
" uV s cn pir.Dcs. furniture, no removal, libra-
'' _C,' "~oo<!s in warehouse, etc.: any amt.: low-
"<^ rates: pr.vate. Orinsby, 26 Montgomery »t.
pyiirFST ratfs cn furniture, etc- by private
ti<i'-v- no removal: no commission: conflden-
,-o] " Room 3 Conperv-atory bldg™ 301 Jones.
rr^TT^riltureT pUmos; no removal: money
•ick' lcwest interest: eas»y terms: no broker-
r»»:!ab> party. 1170 Market Bt_, room 6S.
furniture and cianos: $15 up; no re-
''rnoval. Phone Black 1703. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
t /,»•« t rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commif.: confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
,,.• F a!aries, X. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dls-
'counted. TOrSLEY CO.. S21 Parrott bldg.
OX furniture, rianop; lowest rate; no removal:
Wictly private. LICK. 11C McAllister «tt. '
IF vou want it home I will loan you money to
fcuy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Fansome st_
OV SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS meney on salary: no indorser: Eastern
nlar. WeFtern !>>an <^o.. S09 T>h«l>»Ti bide.
PHYSIC! A XS AVD SURGEOXS.
CR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021^4 Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully I
treats all diseases of the human body: see j
testimonials at .ifflce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis, j
_ I
PUMNC AVD TCRMXG MILLS. I
¦WOOD and ivory turning. Planing. Shaping ]
end Pawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
MUSICAL 1XSTRIMESVS.
THE finest and best assortment of pianos ever
fhown in the city Is to be seen In our ware-
roomf: whai: Is better, we are selling them at
ruch low prices that you cannot afford to go
elsewhere; «:very Instrument fully warranted
to be just 8s we represent and we look after
and keep them In order. We have the Wlss-
r.er. Decker & Son, Baaraeister. Steger and j
Singer lor you to select from and the price j
•nili be made satisfactory: you are accom-
modated with easy payments If you desire.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 709
Market tt.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new araj second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
eaty rajTT.*nt« of $8 per month: some good
planes for J3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stemway dealers, corner
Kesrry and: Sutter eta.. Ban Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth Eta.. Oakland.
fOHYER & CO. Pianos.
BTP.ON MA.UZT Pianos.
r LESTER llanos.
L HAMILTON* Pianos.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECIUAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS. ' '
BYRON MATJZY. 30S-310-312 Pest st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— "
Second-hand upright planoa from $55 up.
Second-hand square planoa from $50 up.
Fecond-har.d organs from $25 up; new upright
rianos -frrcn $175 up. EENJ. CXJRTAZ &
CON, 16 tt. 20 O'Farrell. Cbickerine, Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited if purchased;
installments $3 up; big allowance for old
pianos; bargains S2S up In Stein ways, Heine.
Chickering. etc Apents wanted for Peerless
Heln* and 20 other*. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary et.
A FULL-SKXD upright piano. IS5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $25; Stelnway
square. (100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months. $275: Bech-
rtein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
BON. 23 Fifth St.: IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on & new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; cost* you only 20c a day to bay a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO O - Farrta
et.; established 1S50.
A ETECK, Everett. Hardman, Ludwlg, Pack-
ard, Kintrsbury cr Smith & Barnes piano
can enly be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Eaey tenne!
OTJR p!«no», the leading makers; price J100 j
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE' S i
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER eale of etoraire pianos: dirt I
rhaap_ . V.-JLSO.VS Storage. 1710 Market St. j
facrif.ee amount unforeseen circumstances, up- ',
right plans, magnificent tone. case. 543 Turk.
$1M — ON sale, upright grand; cost $600; make
cash effert Room 36. 217 Geary st.
$175— A BARE chance; fine upright. I
SCH\TTT2. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition, i
t75: Erard upright. Hornur.p. 216 McAllister, j
SUPERIOR violin*, rithers. old and new. H. i
MTTLLKR maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. !
AT KEEFTE'S. 22 Turk «t.. near Market— j
Ehoninger Schubert and Stelnway bargains. ;
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th? Weekly |
Call, 16 ;3as:e«, sent to any address in the j
United States or Canada one year for $1. i
YEW HYGIENIC TREAT.MEXT. >
PR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York, j
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness ,
ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4: phone Polk 1421. j
OFFICElS AXD STORES X« J,ET.
ETORE 30x30, with basement 40zS0; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade. :
Apply at 143 First «t.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second band. 1n good order: all.
cize*: rh'tT) H. P. WHTTF S1-«t Mlwdnn at.
PALMISTRY. ,
G L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 1 700 Post; phone Hyde 2833. |
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist, 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post: tel.Black 561.
PATEATS ASO HK.%siO>"S.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bids.
PERSONALS.
ARK1VED — Ladiee. don't look old; Dr. N. DE
SA.VOISXY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verite j
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest study is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excels anything ever given In
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or tscar. Phone Folsom
440. 114) Market gt.. opposite Hale'e.
AN elegant line of remnants tor suits to order,
tli; with these euiu we make an extra pair
of pants :!ree of charge; other suits on Install.
meats. $X weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eiehth.
WHY Guesi? Tou can be certain of style and
fit by uslag Standard Patterns; Dec. patterm
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market gt.. near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
2Sc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $C per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
liKST heir dressing In the city. 23c; shampoo-
ing. 3oc; wrinkle* removed, fiOc; manicuring,
25c. Quintonica removes dandruff, makes
hair sro-w, 00c bot. G. Lederer. 123 Stockton.
ANYONE knowing the whereaboutt ot
THOMAS FRANCIS WHITSON please notify
Cantuarits It. 11. S. Santiago. Broadway
wharf.
IX) you w::He ads? Send address to-day on
your bus:jiess stationery for Invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio. ¦
A— WHAT do you think? O. BEBMAK, ~48
Kills, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
eame a» white shirts; selection- 300 patterns.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
ttones. antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. US Geary «t. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things In ladies' ready to
wear garments tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Sth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or dsubh; ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
__£C.. lsio-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Cncns & Co. has removed Irom 115 Stock,
ton to 5os Geary bet. Taylor & Jones, where
2 be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
tt'I'EKFLCOCS hair and moles destroyed with
glcctric^rieedle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st.
A "r IF^>'c«r hair is falling or youare bald call on
_"-.?;£ g-QCTe. 332 O* Fan-ell : send for circular.
•*•• VI DA Company permanently cures irtom&ch
_^cuble^ 7C3 Valencia gt.. corner l&th.
S Hr£P F " Lrors h » lr removed and roots killed.
-— ~f -J^}' tllv: M - NUNN. 1002 V* Dolore* Bt.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
i -x.rs experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
JE WELRY for sale; diamonds, precioua stones
bought. .\ Fcrehtand. J2« Kearny gt.. rm. 28.
**!"• Bngri^— Superfluous hair moles removed
V electric needle. 9C3 Eutter; tel.Larkia 3171.
: EIBM-aBBIAGES-r-Ppmr
¦ -Birth, , marriage and- Jeath . notice* sent •. by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either ' of the publication . offices ' and : be '
indorsed- with the .name and- residence -of. per-
sons authorized to. have the same published.' .
' :..; BOBN. * \_ : - ¦".¦-.' •.¦;-.'.'
GABBS — In- Oakland.- January 5, 1902. to the
. i'.wif e of J. . L. Gabbs, ,, a,: son. .-....- . ¦ :
I HAMMOND— In this city, January 6, r 1902,' to
the wife of Harry T. ¦- Hammond, a son.
MARTINELLA— In ; this city,; December -31,
-¦'1901, to the -wife of C..A. Martinella. a son.
WARREN— In this city, to the wife of Arthur
Warren, a son. ¦ ¦ '¦¦- •.¦-•....;.. ...-. ...-.•.:. .
1 MARRIED.; ¦ ,, ;:;-•'¦
BADER— AUWAEBTER— In . this - cltv. De-
cember 31, 1901, by the Rev. .J. Fuendeling.
Gottlieb Bader and Catharina Auwaerter.
JONES— FARRINGTON— In- this city, Decerh-
ber 24, • 1901, by .the Rev k Samuel Slocombe,
William Stewart Jones and Camilla Thomp-
Fon Farrington, both of Oakland. ¦ : : ¦
LETSCHE— CHAMBERLAIN— In this city.
January 5,- 1902... at ; St. Paul's Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Paul Branke, William
Letsche and Johanna Chamberlain, both of
San -Francisco. . ' ¦,-. . . ;:
OLSEN— EISEL — In this city, January 5, 1902,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Ole C. Olsen and
• Katio Eieel.- ; • , ;. r ; ¦ ., ¦ - .
REMENSPERGER— BODE— In this city, Jan-
¦ uary . 1, 1902, by the sRev. J. Fuendeling,
. William Remensperger of San Francisco and
- Dora Bode .of . Oakland. Cal. . ..¦'¦'.¦..¦.'
DIED. ~~~ ¦ '
•Albrecht, John ¦ McDermott, ' Alice
Barry. Patrick McDonald. James V.
Byrne, William J. . McLean. Joseoh R.
Capurro, August S Mahler, Henry C."
Dannenfelzer, Amelia: Matthew. Mary '
Deane, David .. Maynard. Mary '¦
Dunn, Catherine E.' Mergenthaler, F. G. '
Ferguson, George . Mlllzner, Josephine
Freud, J. Richard Murphy, Daniel A.
Galvln. Patrick O'Neill, Lawrence
Girsler, Albert Peterson,. N. P. .
Godfrey, Nora • Rojas, Joseph- A. - -
Graves, • Rector C. Searle, Mareraret -^
Hansen, Elder J: F. -Smith, Mary A. •'
Heininger, Charles J. Stuart, Abbie H. H. '
£ Henry, John- Sullivan, Eugene f - . "
Hodge. Michael ¦ Vaughan, Hanora i
Lagan, Mary Watts, Esther H. ••
I Lawrie. William N. " Wong Wonjr. •' . '
I McCullough, Mary ¦ , . , ¦-, - ¦ •. ¦
ALBRECHT— In this city, January 6,- 1902,
John Albrecht, a native pf Germany, aged
40 'years. ' A member of the Paperhangers'
and Fresco Painters' Union No. 131. - /
! (n7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
! of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis- •
eion street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. ; . ; . " •'". ' • . '.:>; • ,•¦ . !
BARRY — In this city, January 5, .1902, Patrick
beloved husband of Ellen Barry, and father
of Patrick, Daniel and Marie Barry, brother
of John, Richard, Bartholomew and Michael
Barry and Mrs. M. Dunlea and Mrs. W.
Carey, a .native of the parish of Castle
Lyons, County Cork, Ireland, aged 53 years.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
| (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
i dence,. 422 Tenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock, ti Interment Holy
Cross. Cemetery. -; r ... -.
BYRNE — In this city, January 6, 1902," Wil-
liam J:. beloved son of Maria and . the late
Patrick Byrne, a native of California, aged
20 years 7 months and 29 days.
CAPURRO— In this city. January 6, 1902, Au- !
gust, beloved son of Antonio and the late
Louisa Capurro, and. brother of Joseph, -John
B. and L/ D. Capurro, ; a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years and 5 months.'
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner Onelda and Delaware
streets, near Ocean ' House road. * Interment
New Italian Cemetery.:' ¦ i . ...
DANNENFELZKR— In this city, January ¦ 5,
1902, Amelia, beloved wife of the late F. P.
Dannenfelzer, and mother of Mrs. Rosette
Simmen and Joseph E. Dannenfelzer. a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 61 years and
9 days. . ¦< ¦¦ ¦ " ¦-• - ¦ > .-: . •
• (cyFrlends and acaualntancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday); at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3S10 Twenty-fourth street, near
Church. Interment Cypress Lawn. Cemetery.
DEANE— In the City and County' Hospital,
• January 5, 1902, David Deane. a native of
West Indies, aged 45 years. : -,"¦
DUNN — In this city, January 4; 1802. Cather-
- ine E. Dunn, beloved daughter of Catherine
Delaney and the late Michael Dunn, and
ulster of John. May, Hanna . and Michael
. Dunn and Andrew Delaney, a native of. San
Francisco, aged 19 years and 10 days.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, thence to St. Teresa'a Church, where
services will be held at 9 o'clock. Interment
'" Holy Cross Cemetery. : > ' . ,
FERGUSON— In " this city, "January 6. 5 1902,' ;
George Fereuson. beloved' father of William
S., Phineas F. and Walter D. Ferguson, a
native of Shaplelgh, Me., aged 92 years 7
months and 13 days. \ . - ¦
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the . resi-
dence of his son, Phineas F. Ferguson, 2
• Vlcksburg street, corner of Twenty-second.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
FREUD— In this city, January 6. \ 1902, J.
Richard Freud, beloved husband of Mildred
Freud, beloved father of Robert and Harold
Freud, and son of Tine and the late "Mau-
rice Freud; a. native of New York, aeed 44
years and 2 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence. : 1510 Jackson street. Inter-
ment Home- of Peace Cemetery, by_ train
from Third and Townsend streets at 11 :30
GALVIN— In this city, January 5, 1902, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Margaret Galvln,
father of ! Julia Galvin. and brother of
Michael Galvln. a native - of . Klllorglln,
• County Kerry, Ireland, aged 35 years and 9
months. . • ¦ '¦ . •
(C7"Frlends and. acaualntancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 452 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
' tery. :
MISSION Council No. 3, T. M. L— Members of
Mission Council No. 3, T. M. I., are request-
ed to attend the funeral of our late brother.
-P. Galvin. at; the above- "address at 8:30
. o'clock. By order of the Council.
. CHARLES G. WILLEY. President.
D. J. MOYNIHAN, Secretary. '
KNIGHTS* of the Red Branch— Assemble Ht
. your hall. 1133 Mission street, at 8:30 o'clock,
to-day. (Tuesday), to attend ' the ' funeral In
carriages of our late brother, . Patrick j Gal-
. vin. ¦ . ''•
GIRSLER — In this city, January 5.' 1902.' Al-
bert Giraler. a. native of Switzerland, aged
79 years. : " y
GODFREY— In Oakland, January' 5, 1902,
Nora Godfrey, beloved mother of. Mrs. W.
"W. Wixom,' Mrs. Lenore Ryder, J: - and
W. Couehlin, a native of; Ireland,'- aged' 86
years." ;•:•¦ ' * .- ; . - ¦'¦'¦" • -¦¦¦•" ¦¦ .. .. . .
liyrhe ¦ funeral will ' take place: to-day
(Tuesday), at fr o'clock, from St. Francis
de Sales Church, where a requiem mass will
1 be celebrated for .the repose of her soul. In-
terment St. Mary's , Cemetery. Private.
GRAVES — In this city, January • 6. 1902, Rec-
¦ tor Chiles, youngest and beloved son of Wal-
ker C. and Maud Graves, and grandson of
• Jeff and Jennie • James, a native . of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 2 months and. 12
days. .
. !C7"Notlce . of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN — In Oakland; January 6, 1902, Elder
J. F. Hansen, beloved husband of Sophie
Hansen, a native of Denmark, aged 61 years
2 months and 23 days.
HEININGER— In this 'city, January 6, 1902,
Charles J., son, of | Charles P. and Teresa
Heininger, a native : of ¦ San Francisco. „¦
HENRY— In thia city. January 4. 1902. John,
beloved brother of Michael • Henry, a native
of Raventail.: County Louth, Ireland, aged
36 years. I A member of j Pacific Coast Fire-
' men's Union. :¦¦;..':
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited I to • attend I the funeral j to-day
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the • parlors
of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission- street, be-
v tween Fifth and: Sixth. . Interment Holy
Cross. Cemetery. . , •.-.,.
HODGE— In this city, January 5. 1902, Mich-
ael, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Hodge, a native - of ~ Bandon, County Cork-
' Ireland, aged S 68 years., (Boston papers
please copy.) . - ,,''¦•¦¦ . •¦¦
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral; to-day
! (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence, 338 Union street, thence to St. Fran-
. cia Church, where a requiem- high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, ¦ com-
mencing • at - 10:30 o'clock. ; . Interment i Holy
J Cross Cemetery. , : . ,
LAGAN— In thla » city, . January 6, 1902. 'Mary
Lagan, ' beloved . aUter of the late Patrick
, Lagan, a native of ;¦ County ; Derry.^ Ireland.
-¦. accd CS years. : ¦ . ¦ • *'••>,"• ...... •
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ; to-day
(Tuesday).' at 9 o'clock, ; from her late ¦ resi-
dence. 250 Locust ¦¦ avenue. <. thence -to St.
.Mary's.' Cathedral. ; where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
-^her soul . at 9:30 o'clock. Interment -Holy
Cross ¦ Cemetery. -.'¦ • .•' . ',. :: ." » .• ¦ .
, LAWRIE^-In • Oakland, . January 6, ', 1902.". Wll-
'¦ liam N.,-son of: Mr.' and Mrs. James R.
Lawrie, . a ; native ¦. of Santa . Clara, . aged 30
.. years ¦ 9 months and : 17 . days. : .- , ¦ -;:;.•¦,• \
McCULLOUGH —^In this city.- January; 6, \ 1902,^
Mary, » dearly '. beloved wife of Daniel ; Mc-
¦ Cullough. mother:of Mabel McCullough, "and
Bister.of Charles, Joseph and Robert Fair, . a
native ; of :' Ean Francisco, \ aged • 83 years i
months and'2.days. ; ¦¦ . ¦ : '
• , HCJ^Frienda •¦ and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend: the funeral , to-morrow ¦
r (Wednesday), at 8 :30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 915 Minna street, off Tenth. . be-
tween -Mission^, and ¦ Howard, thence i to - St.
"* Joseph's ¦ Church. :. where at solemn ; requiem
.' hl^h . mass", will j be celebrated ; for • the - repose
-Vof. her-aouL. commencing:, at: 9. o'clock. In-
; terment <- Holy .Cross -.Cemetery.. . .-; : .
OFFICERS . and members . of \Young !-. Ladies'.
. Institute No. . 3 — Tou are ; hereby -notified j to
, ' ' attend' . the ,' funeral ; of . our,: deceased ' slater.
, Mrs. Mary - McCullough, - from her. late : rest- .
PKllSnXALS— Continued.
ELECTRIC needle specialist : superfluous half
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs-
country. orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. "!33 Mkt.'
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTErS FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
nalr to Its natural color: $1; at all drugglst3.
PRAX^ESTATE— CITV — FOR SALE.
SW. corner 17th and Church, lOOxiooT im-
proved ; NE. corner 19th and Hartford. 75x8C
Improved: will sell all or part. PATTERSON
& CO. Apply 3713 Seventeenth st.
IF you have come large income properties in S.
F. to sell I would be pleased to try and sell
them for you Call at room 40G, 4th floor,
Spreckels Annex building, S. F.
?2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and finished basement: on tunny elde of Jer-
?ey st.. near Noe. '
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per. acre, on Rancho
Cctati, Sonoma, Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco la growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR SALE CHEAP. j ~ ! ~ "
Small tract of sugar pine timber land; ex-
ceptionally fine; large stream of water and
stage road through the land; shakes sell
for $5 per. 1000 on the place. For further
I Information call at room 67. Flood building.
! PROFITABLE orange, lemon. Beach and prune
! lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
j payments. HEALY & CARR. C Eddy st.
! IF you have a tract of redwood Umber in
Humboldt County you will bond. I can 'sell
I It. Call rm. 406. 4th floor, Spreckels annex.
J WANTED— To cet the sale of a large cattle
I ranch. What have on?. Address room 406,
fourth floor. Spreckels annex. S. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
fr«»e list. O. R. WTXFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ItEAL ESTATE.
10-ROOM cottage, all on 1 floor; modern im-
provements; grai\d home for large family:
half acre of ground: close to station;' must
be sold. E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St..
Alameda.
A SACRIFICE — Two modern cottages for face
mortgage; always rented; no agents. Box
2944. Call. . ¦ ¦ .
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: V, cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
NEWLY and beautifully furnished bouse in
the choicest part of Alameda; will rent for
a term of 6 months or a year; $S0 a month.
Address P. O. box 364. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BKUKRI.EY BKAL ESTATE.
$200 TO $225— We are offering a few lots "at
this extremely low figure; each 40x135; street
sewered; all ready to build on; a snap. MAY
\ & MORTiMER, Berkeley Station.
! $650 BUYS a lot 40x135: right up In town, at
I North Berkeley; street work done; these are
¦ bargains: call and see us. MAY & MORTI-
,. MER. Berkeley Station.
j $300— LOT 60x125; in the hills of the beautiful
j Scenic Park Tract, near college agency for
! the sightly Wheeler and Scenic Park Tract.
I MAY & MORTIMER. 2123 Center St.. Berke-
• ley Station. -
1 FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
I FRCITVALB KURMSHED HOUSES.
I AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x120 feet, cor.
! Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
; 2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
• tage of 0 rooms; stable, chicken-bouse, pig-
' eon cote, etc.: ornamental eroimds: fruit
orchard ; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
I hour from.S. F.; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
; or H. A. PLEITXER. Frultvale Station.
'OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAAP REAL ESTATE.
! $400 CASH, $10 monthly— 5-room cottage; 2
acres; artesian well; outbuildings; Immense
; thade trees; profusion of shrubbery; creek
; running water the year round; superb soil
and finely sheltered; away from fogs and
winds: an ideal spot for a home; city water
I and sewer; streets macadamized; electric cars
front the property; postof flee, school, churches,
i stores, etc.; business center; a rare buy: ad-
; Joining East Oakland; price, all told, $2600.
I Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. op-
poEite Broadway Station, Oakland; carriage
I free. H. Z. JOXES.
i $1000 — BIG bargain; cozy 5- roomed, cottage,
1 with porcelain sink and hot-water boiler;
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
sale box 2378. Call office. Oakland. ,
HOUSES of every description and price for sale
or rent Apply to W. E. BARNARD. HIS
| Broadway: telephone Main 10. . /•
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNT lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; Iarg2
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality: will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
ave. electric can, corner 'Washington and
Eighth cts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1CS9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
L^AJ^D 1^ R gAJLE.
An Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS FOR ttOUaiSKBlgPIAg. •
CLARA, 15 — Five good rooms, unfurnished;
j rent cheap. ¦ ¦ . -
ELLIS. 330 — Two small furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In rear; rent $10.
GEARY. 408 — 3 nicely furnished rooms; $20. ¦
LAGUXA, 1107 — 2 furnished rooms for house-
* keeping; gas; bath: piano; reasonable; adults.
OAK, 119 — Small front room furnished for
housekeeping, suitable for one or two; $6.
SECOND, 212 — Furn. rms.. housekpg.; others;
' clean, respectable; reasonable; no children.
BELL. The, 1773 Market — Sunny front room,
with kitchen, gas range, $15; single rm., $«.
TWELFTH, 120 — Two nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; select locality; private
family. ¦
VAN NESS ave., 934 — Newly furnished sunny
front suite; privilege light housekeeping;
phone.
KOO\i» TO LET— Furn. and Uufarn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant.
Eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c- to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Elltt, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 13C — Alcove room and kitchen.
unfurnished, suitable for man and wife; $10.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
3&c, J1C0 night: $1 SO. $Q \vk. ; open all night.
EVELYN. 208 Powell — Sunny front suite suit-
able for ofaces; .eunny singles, $1 50 up.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant eultes; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated
GEARY, 1012, near Van Ness ave. — One nicely
furnished -room with use of telephone. . . .
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
¦ Family house; those- requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
HYDE, 133, bet. Golden Gate and Turk — Nicely
furnished rooms; running water; grate.
HYDE. 841— Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; fine location; everything new. -
KEARNY, 34. and 47 Post — Office or sunny
• furnished rooms, en suite or single. • .
LARKIN, 804— Single sunny front room, nicely
•furnished, $5; single back. $4; for gents.
MINNA, CC7. cor. Sth— Newjy furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 101S Market— Nicely fur-
i ntshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NINTH. 91. cor. Mission — Large sunny , par-
lor with side room, suitable . for dentiet or
doctor's office or private; rent reasonable.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
Happy thiidiiooff KliowFwiiars^e st
does good, and don t grip or gripe; the kind they like themselves.-
jP^$Sr£ »^!ii ' ha TS neror as?f l aa7 rcmeiy that h«^ br*>n nS
Wf -r H?^iw -TV _ ~- AIrs - Jo} in Ha-el. Jlichisan City. Ind.
dms~K T~-Z ehiid^ a %%Sv n c <f^ tsinourfami^» ndthe y ¦»«»•
ira^i *Z.^' —Mrs. James. Giftea-n-ood, Menasha W13.
' WBif-?V*?'^ Vk I V »»« weTf J, ee £, C « a /l? a » CU in th ° h0U3 ° f0r th « M^
//£?% Wl 3 Va-^-^Y WJIUX ' ..^ ~ iIrS- Ch " S - K ° Otl t03 Lorata S£ - Cleveland. O.
¦flM%^Sr^' : 'WBaA' and *» » ; ««
, .1^=^ / Wffi&r -Mrs. O. H. Hammond, 6S3-:nh St., Sllnneapolli.
N^'~^ / / jfB8K_ o-a'/chiiare 1 !?" 11 Ca3caTet3 en "rely in looking aftsf
"^^-v -Urs. tUen Burwell. 1S13 Division St.. St. Loai*.
J \ '^^^i^W r \\ "Pi llttle daughter complained of not feeline w-n
. *-!^^' A^gaii^ ; dSL VI and began to vomit and became Tery sick A half
, . V^^ I '// I C"caret tablet was given her and In less then half
\N. j^.- \ I 'It I an hour she cot up as well as ever. Cascarets ara
tSSlJ^ ¦ \ *~\\ I J * household necessity." «««.«»«» ar«
lW^S*^ ( —Thus. L. ilost. P. M.. Trenton. P».
:W \ RC*"/ hn?v5 t m " ?^ Irl i W ' ul • r Sf*» t L r -*««Wed with worms,
'J 1 F^" K^wir' * Cascareta, she \i
.. * OA ?* —Mr*. John P. Blley,«Sndler St., Cfloucestor, Mass.
Medicine forced on the little ones loses half its power. Nasty,
sickening medicine is an injustice. to the dear little innocents who
can't protect themselves, makes them peevish and afraid of the dose.
When a child hates the medicine, it will not be effective. Children
like Cascarets (Tandy Cathartic, ask for them and are kept healthv
always and easily against the damages of childhood's ailments.* ¦?
/ftfr\/»r»Tl of r\ ?u st for tJ ? e Bo^? ls - An «n»ttUts, ioc, 25c, 50c. Never sold la bulk.
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. suRussian and Greek Christmas eve i ser-.
•vices were held last evening in the Rus- ;
slan-Greek church on Powell street, be
tween " Filbert ¦, and Union: ; Christmas, ac
cording to the old . calendar which is ¦ ad
hered 'to -by '• these two -nations,". falls'
twelve~.dayS' after the Christmas 'of other;
nations: _:-'¦ 7 ; - ' ' '. ;i-.:, f
The church /was beautifully, decorated'
with • Christmas trees and the altar was!
a. myriad of. colored lights. A large num-j
•ber of - the congregation was- on -/hand to
participate* in the services. Bishop Tik-J
Son officiated. He was assisted by the
.Rev. Father -Theodore Pashkovosky a no}
the ' Rev; . Father • John Sham 1. Full ser- .
•vices will be : held : this morning at 10
o'clock.";-'. ... - .'•', »-¦"'
They" Celebrate Solemn Services at
:'¦•; .' Their.' Churchy on .Powell
..Street.
RUSSIAN' . ANI>~GBEEK
CHEJSTMAS COMES TO-DAY
' "In* regard " to * the ¦¦ respondent- Geary, -¦ I ' agree
wlth',the. finding of the. court to the effect -. that
1 the . contempt i alleged ' against , him -. is -, not suf
* ficlently; established.".-- Heading : and considering
Geary's • entire > testimony ¦¦ and '-, especially - his
written opinion given - McKenzie i at tl% time ' of
the . occurrences , In % question, .* ajid f in . ' light
of '¦ the i testimony ¦ of •; Mr. ; Metson, -. I - am ? of the
opinion' that ' it; Is • not' shown that he vjrent ' be
yond the legitimate privileges of an attorney; in
giving ; his ¦ legal < advice/.".; I « therefore ccmcur . in
the dismissal ; of . the proceedings against '•• him.' - ;
1 -• Judge i Noyes "' is ! seriously j 111 ' 7 in • the s St.
Nicholas • Hotel, ' and - United v State* , Dis
,trict /Attorney' Wood 7 Is * visiting his,' Bick
wife : in 'Mlssoula,; Mont- - " .
• ¦I»IvI'jIvIvH-I-M^H-I"I"l; I # I I"I"I"I-I;;I- 8
suance of a corrupt- conspiracy with Alexander
McKenzie . and with .others, not before the
court,- and 1 ¦ ¦ therefore not • necessary - ..to ..be
named, by which the properties involved in the
suits \ mentioned ' In ¦ the opinion, among other
properties were to be wrongfully taken,; under
the forms of law, and the proceeds thereof ap
propriated by i the \ conspirators. • For those
shocking ¦ offenses lt> Is apparent that -no pun
ishment that " can ¦ be lawfully -. imposed ¦ in a
contempt' proceeding * is adequate. , But : a .rea
: sonable imprisonment may be . here . imposed,
and I am of the opinion that In the case of ths
respondent^ Arthur. H. Noyes ajudgment of Im
prisonment Un a- county jail for the period : of
eighteen months 'should, be imposed and in the
', ease of 'Frost .. a • like - imprisonment of - fifteen
months.; .¦.¦-..-•"",-.-.• ',-. • '.¦,.-.- '¦" ' : '
r Wood's'-; Sentence Too Light.
¦The facts -and circumstances against the re
spondent , Wood ¦ are by , no means so strong—al
though I* find it difficult,^ If not 1 impossible, to
reconcile his - ignorance - of and l disconnection
with the 'conspiracy i with: the facts that-im
mediately upon his arrival at Nome he was .-.t
McKcnzle's- dictation . given i a", one-fourth -. in
terest ': in " the .' firm '; of .- - Hubbard. - Beeman - &
Hume i (which ! firm ' was employed ¦ to ¦ carry on
: the legal ! part ' of ¦ the « nefarious - business) . and
that * Hume s (who ¦"¦ was, so . far ; as -appears, a
total ' stranger.- to -Wood) . was ¦¦ likewise . at '¦ Mc
¦ Kenzle's 'dictation • Immediately 'apjiolnted by
: Wood Assistant United States Attorney. I think
'. Wood', should . be imprisoned ; for : ten months. .. '•¦ •
ii Sapphire corsets, $2.50: Royal' Worcester
' corset,', black, $1.25 quality, 65c. All cor
sets fitted. - Chester* F.' Wright, 6 Geary
St., cor. .Kearny, first floor upstairs. :¦ •
Corset Specials for This Week.
'.Divorces ' wereT. granted' yesterday _" to
Harriet Jeff ers : from ] Frank G. Jeff ers for
desertion; William R; Delzelle from Klttie
G. Delzelle for extreme.:cruelty and Mat
tie' Wetherholt from James H.. Wether
holtjfor desertion. A suit for divorce was
filed by Nanette W. Nahl against Perham
W. Nahl for cruelty. • .i : .. •
In the Divorce Court.
' The- order so- made was ¦ so > arbi
irafy,: and .so ¦unwarranted ' in." law
\.s • to ; baffle [ the mind ' in its' ' effort to
:omprehend how it could have 'issued
froniVW'court of justice." - '• ¦ :
;,ThV:'appointment of the receiver, ln'each' case
was In direct violation I of the Code . of 1 Alaska,'
mder which ' the . court 'was organized.- 1 *\ • * •
When.the defendants finally established. their
ltle to the property, by the. verdict -of .""*', Jury.
ind . the receiver . was dlscharged,"-T his • account
showed that he had taken out of the; mine ?30,-
KK>, while his expenses Were largely I in. 1 excess
>f that amount. The owners contended that, he
lad taken | from " the mine more than ', $200,000. :
Upon a* reference of : the r receiver's * account '• to
1 referee ' appointed by Judge-. Noyes; ". it- was'
round • that the receiver had ¦ taken '• from ' the
nine : $100,000 and" that , his. expenses, were-no
uore -than ! $36,000. . The : evidence ¦ shows, 1 that
lelther. the receiver, nor, his bondsman have ; any
sroperty • which ' can be ~ found si to • apply : upon
;his large deflcitof $68,000. '• ¦ •••a^/> • >.
•Had Noyes done nothing further': than Ito re
'uso to jnake an order directing, the receiver to'
)bey the writs, • however, ¦ we ' should ' hesitate • to
Order 'Baffles • Understanding. '
/Boasted; He. Ccntrolled; Court. ;-;-; ;
Immediately -after his "arrival* at' Nonierin'
company with the man who, it see^ns, 'had '.gone'
to Nome; for the express? purpose "of. entering.
into -the receivership business, and who boasted
to others that hehad secured? the -appointment
of the Judge, and , that he controlled the ' court 1
and its of ficers, . upon papers which -had not as
yet-been filed..- before the Issuance of • summons
and -before -the' execution -of receiver's "bonds,;
without notice ! to , the' • def endant»,': ; wlthbut - fff-'
fording them an -opportunity to be- heard Judge
Noyes wrested from them their mining claims
of which they were. In the 1 full ¦ possession-; I the
sole value of which -consisted, of the gold: dust
which ,' they contained : and which ? lay ¦¦ safely
stored. In the- ground, and placed: the claims In
the hands of a - receiver ' with 'instructions ' to
mine-artd operate the 'eame. and this '.without
any showing of an equitable 'nature to indicate
the necessity or. propriety of ¦ the receivership
or the necessity for the operation of the mines
by a receiver,- in order to protect the property
or to prevent its. Injury or waste: > When ¦ the
defendants undertook to ¦ appeal from' these ¦ or
ders their right of appeal was denied them.
The receiver so appointed was permitted -to' go
on and- mine- these 1 claims on an 'extensive
scale and extract from them their value. - Ac
cording "to the testimony some of the ¦ mines
were "gutted." ..••••¦! ....-» ,'.•-•¦. . . :..«.». j
The .appointment of the receiver was, , in, the
case t of Chlpps vs.' LIndeberg, almost'Imme
diately'-followed by ani. order authorizing the
receiver r to - take ¦ inlo ' his f possession • all-- the '
personal property of the defendants -which 'was
found upon\the claim," including their provi
sions, -'tools and tents. - : • -V • -V.V'
.- ¦ . . ' : '-.-.-- .-¦•:',. • ..< ., -~3 . ¦ ¦ - 4 ¦ ¦ •"
six pages of. typewritten, matter and con
tains 12,000'words. The'nrst part of ,'the
opinion deals with the. history .-of- the af
fair and the events Leading .-up ..to the al
leged contempt of- court, as shown by.-the
evidence "in* the various cases. - In 'com
menting upon- the Noyes case "Judge-Gil
bert said: V ¦'¦'¦ . : ...-.<;¦.'.-
The record and the evidence of : thf ce ' pro- :
Cftedlngs ,Ehow from | first . to ..last upon .the;
part of Judge Noyes an apparent. disregard of
the legal rights of the defendants' in the. cases
In j which ; McKpnzie .was." appointed >eci64v^r.'
The proceedings upon which the receiver # was
appointed were- extraordinary;. In -the extreme.'
A"' final deed 'to ithe . remainder of the
Bly the property on Market and Geary
streets' arid. Grant avenue was transferred
by de id yesterday by Florence Blythe-
Hinckuey-Moore- to the' Bankers* Invest
ment Company, which has already - ac
quired the major portion of .the prop
ertv The parcel disposed of yesterday
consists • of - that -portion embraced • be
tween Brooke. Market "and Geary streets
and Grrtnt avenue. .
The consideration named in the deed is
SI 250 000. . Mrs. Moore • receives in cash
$750,000 , and the Bankers' Investment
Company assumes a mortgage of $500,000
held by the Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany of • New York. This gives 'a clear
title to < all- the property in the block to
this company except that owned by the
Adams & Klbbe estate and the Mutual
Savings 1 Bank. Steps to. improve the
property, it is said will be undertaken at
once. ¦ . '^^SS^KmSmSBKBBt
Grant Avenue , Deeded to Bank-
ers' : Investment- Company.
Section West * of Brooke Street to
" The •' constantly ' Increasing demand ] for
Bank Checks, Letter Heads, Bill Heads,
etc., is a sure . indication of continued
P'.ocperity in the business world.. To meet
thfs. Increased demand THE UNION
LITHOGRAPH COMPANY of 325 San
somo> street, who make a specialty ,' of
this class of work, have found it neces
sary" to double their facilities and are be
ginning the new - year with one of the
most complete plants for the production
of Commercial and Bank Supplies on. the
Pacific Coast.
32vidence .. of " Continued ¦ Prosperity.
LAST OF BI*YT±Lfcl BXOCK K \ ;'¦ '•
IN" HANDS : OF SYNDICATE
. THE DISGRACED, JUDGE AND '
\ HIS J GUILTY. ASSOCIATES IN -'
i. CONTEMPT. J - ;" * - ' - , ':.%
¦ Miss Alice Hoffman' and Miss Frances Car
roll;, Miss Florence Ives and Mrs. R. G. Brown:
Miss Alice Hager and Miss Ella Morgan ; Miss
Edith. Chesebrough and Miss Sarah Drum.
' /Eight • members of the ladies' annex of
the San Francisco Golf Club entered the
qualifying . rounds, over eighteen - holes,
medal play, yesterday for the fifth com
petition for. the Council's cup for women.
'They went around the - course paired as
follows: ; - '..¦ ':-..¦¦¦] -.
' Mrs. R." G. Brown and Miss Alice Hager; Miss
Alice Hoffman and MUs Frances Carroll: Miss
Kdtth Chesebrough and Miss Ella Morgan: Miss
Florence Ives and Miss Sarah Drum. _
As only; eight competitors- appeared all
qualified and will take part in the open
ing match play round on Wednesday
morning,' beginnig at 9:30 o'clock. The best
score for eighteen holes was made yes
terday by Mrs. R. 6. Brown, 101, her score
by rounds being 50, 51. Miss Alice Hager's
48 was the best for a single round, but 55
for the second nine holes brought her total
up -to 103. Miss Hoffman made the two
rounds in 104.
.The draw for the first match to-morrow
brought the following players together:
Matches To-Morrow on Pre
• sidio Links.
right \ I*adies Will Play in. Opening
GOLT GIRLS : QUALIFY
FOR ' COUNCIL'S CTTP
' -iThe findings ofcfact- in the cases of Arthur H.
Noyes,- Joseph K.vWoodand C. A. '8.; Frost em
bodied, in. the foregoing opinion , of i my. brother
Gilbert < to the effect that each of these parties
committed the • contempt - alleged •' against : him
meets! with my concurrence: >but!ljam;of ' the
opinion ; that ' the 1 records ; and ; evidence ¦/ in . the
¦ case- show | beyond : any • reasonable L doubt I that
the ' circumstances j under -which' and r the * pur-'
poses ' for which | each I of .those : persons commit
ted < the ' contempt 1 alleged i and » so ; : found "were"
far' graver^than.Js indicated 1 in the opinion of
the court,''and- that" th<3' punishment awarded by
the ¦ court- is' wholly r inadequate to > the, ; gravity
, of . the . offenseB. T; I i think ' the ' records/and ¦ evi
dence!] show very clearly | that ' the ' contempts | of
Judge Noyea and. Frost Were committed to pur-
' -'The respondent,' C.'.'A.I S. ' Frost,' Is adjudged
fto.be in contempt of.! the lawful orders of .this
. court, ' and for"his • contempt it is ithe Judgment
of ' the court • that hetbe Mmprisoned in the
County Jail of Alameda County," California, for
a period of twelve months; v" .' •
•¦ '. Judge Morrow's .opinion is '_ as ' follows:
I concur In' the findings of fact contained in
; the opinion of Judge; Gilbert -.in the. cases of
Arthur H. Noyes, Joseph^ K. • Wood and ' C. • A.
S; Frost. I am also of ; the opinion that the
evidence ¦ does not j establish'; the icharge against
Thomas J. Geary. ' In my Judgnient , the evi
dence r established ; the • fact ithat -there was - a
conspiracy between. the respondent' Noyes,' Mc-
I Kenzie and others to 'secure 'possession I of | cer
tain valuable mining -claims at -Nome, Alaska,
under proceedings involving, the appointment of
-. a . receiver) • for : the purpose 'of: '"working' 1 the
; properties v and; obtaining --the; gold! deposited; in
; the . claims. ;\ To ! carry these 'proceedings • to '¦ a
'supposed successful ,? conclusion.-, 'Noyes, McKen
zie and othcra found it" a.< necessary .part of
their scheme. to- resist the, process of. this courts
In pursuance •.of- this conspiracy,*, the contempt
charged against vNoyes '.-was' committed ;¦; but < I
agree with Judge" Gilbert. that this: conspiracy
Is outside' the charge' of contempt, 'and In view
of I the fact - that? the ', respondent 1 Noyes • holds ¦ a'
judicial position,' I : concur In his judgment that
the - respondent be ' required to ' pay- a fine ¦ of
$1000..- :•:'.¦;" :' : ' - -.-.,- -.;' .'-,- , ' ._ •- ¦ '.-, .¦-¦:. -.*,,-.
V; Thinks .Punishment \ Inadequate.
• Judge' 1 Erskine ' M. . Ross' hied ¦ the follow
ing "opinion : .-. ; '¦.':!" •
Frost Gets 'Year in : Jail.
I, We think the evidence fully sustains the
: chartres ¦ against •' the respondent. Wood, and
.indicates uj.on his part a hostile atftude toward
;the officers of this court, whose duty it. was to
i enforce the writs of supersedeas and a dispo
sition to willfully obstruct them . in . the perr
ifornianpo of their duty. ; We are disposed, how
iewsr,. In dealing with his case, 'to take into con-
I sideration the ¦ nature of : the : averments : of his
I answer upon the order to show? cause i and the
which he subsquently; made to this
'court.,- It is: the judgment of -, the court' that
'the*- respondent. Joseph- K. Wood, is guilty :of
.contempt- ofs the lawful orders of .-this court,
'and'.that -he'be imprisoned In ' tha . County Jail
: of Alameda County, Cal., for. the period of four
months. * .. .- , . * ;
• >The case of, C. A.; S. Frost comes next.
: Judge Gilbert says: ' ' ' V,
• '.The whole : of ¦',. the evidence'' concerninic the
;ccpe. of Frost' convinces. us beyond any reasona
. ble dpubt that he ' not only I aided and abetted
j to the utmost .of 1 his power the efforts . of Me
¦ Kenzie to obstruct the execution.' ot the • writs
< of . supersedeas; •- but that,/ In jhls : official ca
;pac)ty, he grossly- betrayed the Interests of the"
-United States which -were Intrusted to his care.'
• : ; In • arriving • at ¦ the conclusion which we have
: reached in this case we have ; not failed j to
recognize ,th.e seriousness of the charge of con
tempt when laid at. the door of a Judge of a
court.' nor- the necessity of maintaining a due 1 .
Jregard. for .the judicial discretion which ;be
¦ longs I to ' that office. f It-, is \ essential, however,
to the administration of Justice that the pro
.. cess rod courts be ¦ obeyed. -" Upon no one does
this. -'.obligation, rest-' with 1 more, binding force
i than, upon -a judicial officer. The respondent,
, Arthur -H: Noyes,-.' ig \ adjudged guilty of con
: tempt ! of. the S authority I of . this \ court' by his
resistance to the execution of its writs of su
¦ pereedeas.-. In view, of the fact that he holds
' a .public, office', it Is.' the opinion of . the court
1 that -the respondent • be required to pay a fine..
¦ It-:Js- accordingly, adjudged that he pay a fine
: or ?iooo; ..;;,.¦"¦ ;,i ,- t .'...- .
! f ;.The'casei;of".Tho'masrJ.,- Geary Is then
; taken up and ,'the evidence- traversed, aft
er, which Judge .Gilbert/ says: ; . . ;
: Charges \, 'Against ;Geary Dismissed.
! •'•'We think that upon due consideration of , the
¦ whole : : of ; the ; evidence against the respondent,'
S Geary ' :there 'is not sufficient ' to convince : us
' beyond ra'.reasonable doubt ,. that * he has been'
guilty of of the - court. '¦. The charge
: against' him will, therefore, de dismissed.
" The case of United States District At
torney Joseph ;K.- Wood, is next consid
ered,; and the opinion in his case Is as fol
lows: • ¦ . . , . -, ".-•.-.,. - -
. ; . 1 . rr~ : ,,„ . .._ , ? ,
[hold hlsrefusal to be contempt of court. But
I he went -further: than; that. -v • - : -- ;- .'• .-¦ ¦-','
¦ / ? " ";-" Makes \ His Purpose Clear. ; . \
Not only did; he refuse to make the order, but
apparently fearful that the defendants in those
cases were about to obtain possession of the
gold dust under the writs, he issued to the
.marshal and to Major Van Orsdale directions
¦to hold things in statu : quo, and • couched his
; directions -in words which, upon their face and
unexplained, we can construe nothing otherwise
than as meaning that his purpose was to pre
vent :the delivery of the gold- dust ,to the de- ;
¦ f endants or to any one. .'*.••¦"•.*
.Yesterday there was a conference at the
Palace Hotel and | general arrangements
for \ the funeral ¦ were made by Governor
Gage, Major General Dickinson "and Col
onel • A. D. Cutler. . The casket will be
taken to the' armory of j the National
Guard', on Ellis street and the -body will
there lie . in state until Sunday. The
funeral, next Sunday will be conducted by
George H. Thomas Post. G. A. K_. Colonel
A. 'P. Cutler, commander. The ceremonies
will, take place at Armory . Hall. The In
terment will be in Thomas 1 Post plat,
National Cemetery. Major General Dick
inson. 'division commander of the National
Guard,, will. have charge of the military
features of 'the- ceremony. All the troops
of the Second Brigade, together with the
Naval '.Reserve men, will- form the pro
cession \ to the cemetery.- . ~
SpeciaJ orders No. 7 from the headquar
ters 'of the Army, and' Navy Republican
League thus' announce* General -Seamans'
death: .; - ( ' '
[Special VOrde^No^^^ -
It Is with resret that we announce to the
Army and. Navy League the death of our com
mander ln\ chief. GeneralW. H in
WashinKtoti D C.. January 3. 1902. He was
elected -ccnBrnander in chief Aucust 27, 1898,
and as sach rendered energetic services in
the ¦ campa-'sns of 1898 and 1900. He served
in the Civil: War . as captain 01 Company K.
Thirtieth Mttssachusetts Infantry, and waa ¦ a
member of Geone H. Thomas Post No. 2,
Grand Army k of the Republic. As a man he
was of brilliant - mind. , hijfh social cmalitles.
soldierly, bearing,',, most courtly manners and
kindly disposition, ever ready to extend a help
ing hand. As a. public servant he was con
secrated and ; ooncpetent to his duty: and as a
citizen, husband and father he was exemplary,
good, and true.- • ' •¦'- _
To his bereaved widow and family we extend
the condolence and sympathy of all comrades
of his late command of this league.
The usual • badge of mourning will be dis
played thirty -days by all camps. All members
ar-j requested to attend the obsequies to be
held- in San Francisco, ; Sunday, January 12.
19-J2 :; ; . . ¦
Official: * ANDREW G. MYERS,
'¦-%'- - Commander in Chief. :
J. MURRAY, BAILEY, Adjutant General.
The train bearing the casket containing
the body, of Adjutant General W. H. Sea
mans will; arrive here at. 4:15. p. m. on
next Thursday." . A- committee • from * the
Governor's; staff will proceed ' to Sacra
mento in ample time to act as escort from
the. State. capital to the bay. . * .
Judges Hunt, Sloss and. Kerrigan were
appointed as a board to. re vise the rules of
the court; The next meeting will be held
January 21. ¦ ; -. ¦ vASssSESSSSBSSSRSiai
At the i annual | meeting of . the Superior
Judges,' [ held yesterday at the City Hall,
Carroll Cook was elected Presiding Judge,
vice Judge Dunne, - term expired. There
was but little other business transacted.
Several ballots were taken by - the
Judges- on -the names of Dr. M. . Regens
burgerand Dr. C. D. McGettigan for the
position of Lunacy Commissioner, but no
selection was made, as each of the candi
dates received six votes. The matter was
finally referred- to Presiding. Judge Cook
and Judge Hebbard. Hebbard is a stanch
friend* of McGettigan, and as he handles
all insane cases it is concedes that Dr.
McGettigan stands a good show to get the
appointment.. .-:. t . »
No t changes •¦' were made in the inter
preters'- staff, though ah attempt .was
made to -declare the position of. German
interpreter vacant.' There are three appli
cants for the place.
Jurists' of v /the^ Superior Fail
to Select New Lunacy Oom
; , .. missioner. ,
Body of General Sea
mans to Arrive; Here ;
Thursday. \
CAERO1L COOK NAMED
AS PESrDING JTJI>QE
PREPARATIONS
FOR FUNERAL
. Judge Morrow decided that the; com
plainant had waived Its right, to secure an
income of. V6 per. pent per month by not
making rates to secure that Income dur
ing any part of Its term of existence prior
to the passage of the act of 1883, .this act
providing that the: net annual receipts as
adjusted by the Board of Supervisors shall
not be less than 6 nor more than 18' per
cent - per ¦ annum. - . Judge Morrow finds/
however, that -the! Supervisors gave, no
consideration to the ' evidence* showing the
amount of capital actually paid into . the
corporation or.-, the actual, or
proper cost of the works. ' Judgment is
therefore given for the complainant." •
: '.This was a suit in equity brought Sep
tember.- 29, 1896, to enjoin the defendants
f rom ; enforcing the^order of the '¦ Board of •
Supervisors " of { Stanislaus .County | fixing
water • rates- to - be charged by. the com
plainant and • to declare such order null
and void. In its complaint > the ¦ water
company alleged that its property was of
the value of $1,000,000 and its aright of ap
propriation $500,000 more, and that the new,
rate. if enforced would not allow the com
pany to' realize more than $40,000 per.an
num gross, which would be less than 1 4-5
per cent of the whole value of the prop
eray, exclusive of. the value of the right
of appropriation.- '/ ¦. • . ¦ :
The- defendarits^in .their, answer deny
that the ; company had the " right of ap
propriation. or that its property was ever
of - greater value\than $251,000, and deny
that the capital stock was of any ( greater
value than $3 per share. They aver that
the company has been collecting ! an | in
come for., the past nine years averaging- 9
per cent upon the value of the plant, and
in some instances as high as 14 -per cent,
and that the firm '.of Miller & Lux, of
which the water company's president was
a 'member, had received water for several
thousand acres free of charge. : . '
United States : Circuit Judge Morrow
handed down a decision yesterday in the
case of San ' Joaquln and Kings River
Canal and Irrigation Company vs. the
County ; of Stanislaus; and its - Board of
Supervisors. ••The' decision is in favor of
the complainant. ;j ... : '. I
Says Board of Supervisors
: Should Consider Cost
of Worka :
kludge Morrow Decides in
: Favor of Irrigation
Company..
COUNTY LOSES
ITS WATER SUIT
NOME CONSPIRATORS CONDEMNED
BY CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS
MESSENGER BOYS
GO ON STRIKE
Judge Noyes ; Meld "to Be Guilty oi i^Aft^
i| 'EigKt Senterice^Is Passed Upon Hini^and His ederates* v
Galif ornia Company Lads
Object to Rate of
Penalties.
/ VKid" Lewis Claims They Are
Too Sporty at the
All the boye of the California Special
Messenger Service went on a strike yes
terday morning. Forty-nine of them in all
• Trent out, and they say that they will not
! return to work until "Kid" Lewis,, the
j moving spirit of the company, grants
- them a number of concessions.
They first demand that all fines that
"1 t:ave been charged up against them be
. triped off the book, and, • secondly, that
the present rate of penalties be cut ' in
half. When a boy does 'not show up for
work on a week day he is at present
fined $1, and J2 on Sunday. The boys
¦ think tills fine should be cut In half.
Should the Lo>s oversleep themselves they
are charged 30 cents per hour every hour
they are late. They think that 15 cents
. would be a much more appropriate flg
i ure. "Kid" Lewis says that he will sub-
I tail to these figures if "de gang", vrill
I came back, but he hands them a solar
I ;>lexus blow in return. Should he lower
<'ie fines, he says, the boys .must" in the
future work for the • same fees as the
American District messenger boys, whose
- jay. Lewis says, is much lower than the
¦ .iite paid by tae California Special Mcs
¦ *;iiger Service.
James Coakley, leader of the strikers,
: j=ays: "We were not getting a square deal,
, sw? "We wus getting nned all the time
aad we would not stand.' The Kid' Is all
etyelled up since he has been making
money. "We won't .work until we have
won our fight." ¦ .' ,. . . >• 1 .
- This speech brought out a storm of ap
proval from the* rest of r the boys. They
have already established pickets, rand, woe
betide any boy -who attempts to^take their
places. • " . '. • ¦ • . .¦ ... ,' ?
"Kid" Lewis was seen at the company's
ofiice. He had. just returned from carry
in;? a message and was .answering calls,
as he could ere t no help. . . *•¦ '
"These boys ' are making too • much
money," he said. "They are too. sporty,
and I cannot do anything with ' them.
When I fine them. $1 they don't care,, but
sn>ak off to the . track .' every afternoon,
! and I have no boys to ¦ run messages. I
am eorry the strike is' on,- as we have
beijn. running for two :years and ; every
thing up till the present has been harmo
nicus." ' . . . ! . -
At a late hour last evening both sides
were still at outs and there was no pros
pect for an early settlement.
!OS. BEEVES ATKINSON
COMMENCES HER DEFENSE
A Former Patient Testifies TTiat the
Sanitarium. Was as Quiet as
a Clmrch.
The defense In the case of Mrs. Reeves
Atkinson, 1S15 Sutler street, charged with
maintaining- a. nuisance in the shape of a
private sanitarium, opesned its batteries
before Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon,
but only one witness had been examined
whim court adjourned.
Tiae witness was Mrs. Ella Fraser, who
lives in Lake County. She testified that
ehe had been a paiieat in the institution
for four months and it was as culet as
a church. There was no disturbance ex
cept on one occasion, when a woman suf
fering from extreme nervous prostration
made a noise. She . was there for two
nights and as she continued -with her
noifte Mrs. Atkinson made her leave. The
neighbors caxijted the trouble, the witness
sale.. While ,she was convalescing she
used to go Inn? the yard with other pa
tients and the neighbors is^ed to poke fun
at them, according to her story.
ABJZONA SO CIETY WOMAN <
STTCCtnitBS TO PITEUMONIA
Mrs. E- B. Gage., wife of a rich mining
man and banker o f Prescott. Ariz., and
well kcovrft- iA sock H circles in that city,
died yesterday at 1 he Gennan Hospital. |
Mrs. Gaf e tia-s' tain n ill with pneumonia i
abou* two weeks at o and was taken by
the order of her v&ty sician from the Pal
ace HoteL whtvrw si ie had been a guest
for seversj montftf. I to the hospital. She
grew gradually •traes "e and her relatives
in Arizona v.'ere sSE ; notified and were at
her $;ide at the tinns. of her death. Mrs.
Gage's body will be t* xken to Arizona for
interment.
He spital.
Mrs. & B. Gafc re, "Wife of Prescott
Banker," Die* 3 at the German.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT
JUDGE MORROW and United
States. District Judge de Haven
opened, the session' of the United.
States 'Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday morning in. the presence .of a
large crowd of spectators, who 'had as
sembled for the purpose of hearing the de
cision of the court in the .Nome contempt,
cases. Judge Morrow made the announce
ment that United States District Judgs-
Arthur H. Noyes, United States District
Attorney Joseph ' K. Wood and'C. A. S.
Frost, special examiner for the Depart
ment of Justice^ had been found guilty of
contempt, and that Judge Noyes had- been
sentenced to pay a flne of $1(K)O, District
Attorney Wood to suffer an imprisonment
in the Alameda County Jail- • for -'four-
: months and Frost to suffer . an imprison
ment of twelve months in the same place.'
'¦ F. J. Heney asked for, and * obtained
leave to apply for a writ of certiorari-on
behalf of his client,' Frost, and was given
thirty days' time. in which to' do so. J .
¦' Judge Gilbert's opinion covers' thirty-
POLICE CATCH
MORE ROBBERS
Alleged Assailant of M.
G. Sears Put Be- .
' hind Bars.
James" Wilson, a wlreworker, living at
2615 Leavenworth street, .while on his way
home between 1 and 2 o'clock yeaterday
morning v, was held . up by two youths on
Montgomery avenue, between Francisco
and Bay* streets. One held a revolver
pointed at Wilson's breast while the other
went through • his pockets, taking $3 and
his gold watch and chain. He recognized
them- as Emil Basso and Hans Miller, the
latter being known to the police aa a bay
pirate. He notified the police oC the rob
bery, and about noon yesterday Policeman
Connor arrested Basso and Miller on
Broadway and booked them at the City
Prison on a charge of robbery. -
M. G. Sears ol the firm of f Sears &
Foley, saloon-keepers, 201 East street;
swore .to a complaint in Judge* Mogan'3
court yesterday charging John Sheeha"n,
known as "Whistling Jack," with rob
bery. She^han had been arrested Satur
day night by Detectives Egan and Freel
and was ¦ yest erciay booked on the charge
at the City Prison. Sears shortly after
midnight November 24 was in the saloon
when three men entered. While he was
drawing a glass of beer he was struck
from behind and knocked- senseless. When
he ' recovered I consciousness the lights
were out and he discovered that $220 that
had been In a clgar.box uncler the bar had
been stolen. He declares that he Is satis
fied Sheehan is one of the men, but Shee
han'emphatically denies It. -
William Kiley, a marine fireman from
Seattle.- was .attacked and -knocked down
by a crowd of boys on Stevenson street,
between Fifth and Sixth, with the
intention, he thought, of nobbing him. His
cries attracted the attention of Police
men Clancy and Driscolt, who caught
three newsboys, John • Crowley, John
Dunn and Thomas "Whtttman, as they
were running away from the scene. Klley
could not Identify them | and they were
booked on a charge of vagrancy. They
appeared before Judge Tilogan yesterday
and were convicted. Tiiey will be sen
tenced this morning. Klley was under the
Influence of liquor and i had $160 in his
pockets. Two of the bciys have been in
trouble before. .
12
THE SAN -FRJAy PISCO CALIi, < JA^JlTA,RY 7, 1902.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. IXVIOORa-
tor and Nervine. : <
- The . most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kid*
neys and Bladder. Bella on Its own merits.
- NABER. ALFS tc BRUNK. Asenta, ,
123 Market at, ; S. F.-lSend tos ClicuUrm.) ,
*-.-- ' ¦ -¦ -
¦:¦••- • .... ...
n^HISWEO-OOWN AKD KKLtABLE OLD
-L Specialist cures Blood Poison. Gonorrtwea, Gleet,
8trlctnn*. SeniluiU Weakness. Impotence aod their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. fre*.
Over20Tears' experience. Ternm reasonable. Hours.
9to3daily;6:30toS.30eT'j;s. .SutuLiy^, 10 to IXOnsui-
tatlon free andsacredly confidential. Call or address
;• ..- r: roscoe nexcLrr; m. d.
26 l A Kearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
,
places 1 the stubbornf act that it has been;
before _ the public for ; over. thirty yiars
and is to-day, prjef fcrred before, all other
articles of its kindv - -i- v^'
/*^5^s . What " has "worn . well ¦' and ;
<^§3?i lasted long • must be good.
j^==|=fsn This is Nature's law and a]>,
il?T^3M ¦ P^sto all things. : As against'
lifciiilil- the claims of transient com- 1
!!iLS§«gU petitors and imitators the
jgg^, DR. MEYERS & CO.
/§3T^\\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
lilSF «-»'«?- \ Established 1881. Con-
|*T».^*rl I Eultatlon and private booi
17 vt 1 ' / i#L v J free at office or by mall.
\^^/ 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
COPYRMHT It« ¦» TH«.F»OeTtl|.* •AUIU CO. C««Om»*TI
A UTTLE BIG WASTE. SCfr|^'
—-^DISTINGUISH between economy and wisdom.
ife^^" Sitting at home to save shoe-leather is econo-
;.;. |^M| my/but it is scarcely wisdom. .In the same
™w\- ) .way, doing without Ivory Soap is economy
but it t isn't ; wise; your risks are greater than all
possible szying. Every cheap • soap contains free
alkali. Now, free alkali will eat 'its way through
the new oil cloth on - the kitchen floor. Imagine, , '
then, what it will do in a single Monday's wash-
. ing! Is such* economy wise? I
¦ . ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ '.'._'-¦ j
% Once a Sorosis Wearer f (1
>/f I •€ fy o owt I'll
m Always a Sorosis Wearer f
|j One pair of "SOROSIS" Shoes will win M
M you for lifer Its degree of comfort is fll
tt greater than'that of other : shoes ;. its -grace IB"
1 and beautu exceed those of; other shoss, ||
|i and its stule is Daramount and instantly W
¦ I Thp rnrtmip^t '=Wk ADACIC *fl6 ;COn~, . H
U ' ne 00^ wsl of the II
[I ' SB.50 === il
F Second Shoe Store S.f\ ~T%&IOT\ CT ; ¦ EMa •
y\ from Market St. 3\J inii\Uol« 9 San Francisco. J^
H .VAIL ORDERS SPECIALLY 5OU CITED AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED lo! ffiL
Dainty \ W\\\
Parlcr \ jj
Table jTif
?n Birdseye J h* \ \
Maple, Oak or - wL^ '•
Mahogany,
suitable tcr ba /-window
or corner.... ....$1.85
We make a specialty of fur-
nishing homes, flats,, hotels and
rooming- houses. Let us estimate
the_ cost for you. Special after-
holiday reductions in all depart-
ments, Credit if you wish. We
close at 6, except on Saturday.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.-,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
ADVEKTISE fiTETNTS.
ADVEHZmBEMENTS.