Text not available' Jf s - J ' ha y e d « cIded . to S iv e »up work and
settle down to enjoy the rest to which I think
I am entitled. -: It always .has been my Inten
tion to withdraw from active business when
I reached the age of 60. •-. Now I have Dassed
the, limit. I am out for good. ¦ passed
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— William C. .Whit
ney, financier and former Secretary of the
Navy, after about twenty-five years «f
far-reaching v activity, in the world _ of af
fairs, has. decided to retire from business
life. He * confirmed this statement to
night, saying: : v ".-•-¦••¦ '•¦: \- ... - 4 :
WHITNEY RETIRES FROM
THE WOBLI) OF BUSINESS
PARIS, Feb. 2.— The heaviest snowstorm
of the winter commenced here : early this
afternoon and continued until dark, covers
ing the streets of the city to a depth of
several inches, seriously impeding traffic
and forcing the electric street cars to sus
pend service. The snowstorms continue
at many points in the i provinces, espe
cially in the south and along the Rivera
The carnival at Cannes, which should
have commenced to-day, has been post*
poned on account of:. the weather The
violent gales prevailing along the coasts
of France have caused numbers of minor
shipping casualties. -Much snow has
fallen at Madrid and elsewhere in Spain
accompanied by great cold, and five de
grees of frost have been recorded at'Se
ville.
The Alps in the neighborhood of Symp
lon are covered with snow to the depth of
seven feet and many. Alpine villages have
been completely, isolated.
.VIOLENT GALES IN FRANCE.
- Illustrated 'literature can be secured
through any agent Southern Pacific Com
pany. . • / . •
Air who are going East should not fail
to take advantage of this opportunity tn
visit the Carnival City. !/¦ £*;"™^
The celebrated Mardi y Gras Carnival
will open In New Orleans February 10
This unique festival, with rts wonderfui
parades, gorgeous costumes, battle' of
flowers- and confetti, attracts thousands
of. visitors every year; from all parts of
the continent and even from Europe'
Sunset Limited leaves San Francisco
4:50 p. m. Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day, February 3, 5 and 7. ¦ ¦- - -
Not only is the matter going to stir up
a political mess locally, but Murray's ac
tions have called forth a special order
from President Roosevelt against the use
of any influence by a Government em
ploye to secure an increase of salary.'
A short time ago' the papers contained
a dispatch from Washington that Con
gressman Loud was opposed to Congress
man Hill's bill which provided an increase
of $100 per year In the pay of the rural
carriers. Thjs caused some feeling among
the rural carriers here, and Murray, it is
claimed, attempted to organize the j car
riers for the purpose of helping the bill
to pass and defeating the purpose of
Loud. Postmaster! Hawley heard of this
sentiment against the Congressman and
at once notified Postmaster General
Payne, who responded with an order for
Murray's immediate dismissal. President
Roosevelt was also notified, and he de
cided that such things must stop and Is
sued the order, which is aimed to head off
political influence to boost the pay of
Government employes in future.
Now the other rural carriers are guess
ing among themselves if the heads ; of
some of the rest are not liable to fall.
The mail carriers of this city held a meet-
Ing this afternoon and passed resolutions
that they had none but the kindliest feel
ing toward Congressman Loud, and dis
claimed any connection with the agitation
of the rural carriers. • ,- • .
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2.-Gavin Murray, a
rural mall carrier of this city, has been
dismissed from the postal service on .tel
egraphic orders from Washington because
he urged an organized opposition to the
re-election of Congressman Loud, whom
a Washington dispatch stated was op
posed to an Incfease in the salary of the
rural carriers." - • ' -'
Special, Dispatch . to The Call.
-While coal shares rose several points,
the coal situation grows : worse. . Reports
from the iron industry continue favorabJe.
American securities were dull, awaiting
a settlement of the Northern Securities
Company matter. Home v ralls were down
on poor traffic reports and because the
plans of the railroad directors for re
trenchment and reform have not matured.
But South Africans seem to have caught
the public fancy, and the • boom, so long
nursed and- fostered by the professionals,
is now in full swing. Large purchases
have been made for foreign account, but
the general public, after long hesitation,
has taken hold, and the recklessness with
which it is playing the game has already
called out ; warnings from a number of
conservative critics. Many of the general
public are now buying Sputh , Af ricana
who have never before speculated. Some
cases are known in which holders of con
sols have sold these securities in order, to
carry more Kaffirs. ' Of ' course, the effect
of such speculation will be doubly to dis
count any legitimate rise which might be
expected in I South African - securities on
the announcement of peace. Meanwhile
peace does not appear to be much nearer
than before the announcement of Balfour
in the House of Commons concerning the
Dutch note.". • : /
BERLIN, Feb. 2.— The chief impulse on
the Boerse during the past week was the
Kaffir boom, ! German i investors buying
heavily at. London and Paris. The cheap
ness of money in Germany caused buyers
to take their shares instead of prolonging
the transactions at the London rates,
hence the large purchases 'of London ex
change during the week caused an un
usually sharp rise in the rates." —:¦:¦.":,
Nevertheless the money rates here were
scarcely affected, while the private . rate
of discount was slightly v higher. 1 Call
money remains at 1% per cent offered.
The : week's trading In : Government . 3
per cents was especially active. . Most of
the foreign rentes were also actively
bought.- American railf attracted - little
attention. Shares of the ocean transport
ation companies continue to be in favor. ¦-.
LONDON, FeT). 2.— The rumors of peace,
although - so far unaccompanied by any
material developments, have helped great
ly in maintaining interest and enthusiasm
on the Stock Exchange during the past
week, where everything has been neglect
ed in favor of Kaffirs.
South African Securities
Catch the Fancy of
Speculators.
Rural Mail Carrier Ao
cused of Too Much
Politics.
If this were accomplished we would Imme
diately have a large body of resourceful and
self-reliant men scattered . throughout the aroh
ipelaBO, who would become a source of lnforl"
tnation for the Government concerning the ni
tives surrounding them and who would conSti
tute a reserve force In case of necessity Th«
consequent development of the island iwotiM
give employment- to an increasing numbr of
Filipinos who, while- busy makinr w,n n .
would have less time to plot. ThoXod^SS;
in sight would make even those Fll?ninoa fn
the field ¦• desert the Insurrection in orde? iS
enjoy their share ol the prosperity , urQ er to
Every ona admits the excellent work h«t,«
by the native constabulary, which will kT tl
creased. Many municipalities also now ootaiw
a fairly effective police force. TteS'
tratlon of the American troops Into >ubs° an tial
barracks would reduce the sick rate »™«;
themN and 15,000 men .under such 1 cfr?um K
.stances, would equal 26. COO men now rit
these conditions. It can . easily be ai-n- Ik
in case of a v local outbreak 'with which thl
police would be unable to cope, the conatahn
lary would be handy; should it b« B S ™"
the military can come in. and then aV * ?f 7 l
resort, would this ever-increasing bodv It
American citizens be willing: to render as"
1 I consider ¦ the assurances made hv r-t-n"
Governor Taft before the Senate COmmlttA
the Philippines regarding future peaofln?h«
islands to be timely. . Inasmuch P at they w'n
have a tendency to bring about more rapid Tec
t!on On " SubJec . ts most ceding atten-
A prominent official of the GovernmenV
says that the order of General ChaSSe to
military commanders to harmnnl7» ™i»!,
the civil authorities will havi H omi» if
feet. f The member of. the Government in
question believes that whatever friction
there has been in the provinces iia SS
MANILA, Feb. 2.— Manila is intensely
interested as to. what action Congress will
take concerning the Philippine Islands.
Ordinary local politics have been for
gotten and two parties have been formed
—the optimists and the pessimists. Some
believe that life and property are unsafe
outside of the towns of the Islands, while
others ; ridicule this idea and declare life
and property to be in no danger.
Criticisms of the statement of civil Gov
ernor Taft that he believed 15,000. men
would be sufllcient to garrison the islands
in a year are plentiful, yet the majority of
the' business men. who are financially in
terested in the provinces and consequent
ly claim exceptional opportunities for
feeling the pulse of the people, say that
Governor. General Taft Is right on one
condition only— that being that Congress
acts for the benefit of the Philippines.
Captain Frank Green, president of the
American Chamber of Commerce here
says he fully believes that Civil Governor
Taf t's forecast could be realized if Con
gress would arrange to open the country
to mining and homestead laws and to en
large the forestry reserves. Should this
legislation be, effected an act by the Phil
ippine " Commission granting franchises
would follow, and American capital In
large quantities, as well as many Ameri
can miners and homestead seekers would
come to the islands. He continued*
WIRE BRINGS
HIS DISMISSAL
Business Men of Manila
.Proffer Advice to
Congress.
There has been considerable minor dam
age to the shipping on the Thames at
London. . v t ¦
The Dover-Ostend service Is- again sus
pended to-day. The Calais-Dover channel
service Is also suspended, these boats now
plying to Boulogne instead. The other*
channel vessels were maintained with dif
ficulty last night. Dover reports the pres
ent unabating gale to be the most severe
In years, and that It is accompanied with
unusual cold. .-.'..>. ,
The hazardous operation of transferring
provisions from a lifeboat to the disabled
craft was accomplished with great diffi
culty. The engineers of the steamer- dis
connected her broken wheel and managed
to maintain slight headway v.ith the other
wheel. . - .
..The mail steamer Marie Henrietta
smashed a wheel on her way from Dover
to Ostend and became unmanageable after
that. Her passengers had a terrible ex
perience. The Marie Henrietta was short
of fuel and provisions, but managed Sat
urday and Sunday with difficulty to re
ceive provisions from other boats. It was
impossible for her to take more coal. The
tugs standing by the Marie Henrietta at
tempting to tow her were also short of
coal. A steam packet, will leave Ostend
this morning to tow the Marie Henrietta
to that port.
A German bark stranded on St. Marin
Rock, off the Scilly Islands, last evening
and was broken up before the life-savers
reached her. The crew of the bark was
drowned. Much North Sea wreckage- is
washing ashore at Sheerness.
t Turin' and Milan.
LONDON, Feb. 3.— The recent gales have
been succeeded by heavy snowstorms in
Western Europe, and the shipping along
the coast of Spain has suffered consider
able damage. Forty lives are reported to
have been lost in shipwrecks on the Ital
ian coast. Several persons were killed by
avalanches in Italy. Rivers there have
overflowed their banks, a score of bridges
have been broken and many towns are
blocked by the snow. A village near Ve
rona has been wrecked by the storm, and
certain districts adjacent to Rome have
been flooded. There is three feet of snow
Italian Coast.
STORMS IN WESTERN EUROPE.
Lives Reported Lost in Shipwrecks on
PHILIPPINES NEED
MORE AMERICANS
JAPANESE mTAITTRYlEEN
ASE EXHAUSTED BY COLD
Belief Expedition rinds Forty
Corpses and Town Officers and
Seven Men Alive.
YOKOHAMA. Feb. 2.— Four officers and
seven men of the detachment of 210 Japan
ese infantry previously reported to haye
been frozen to death on the northern end
of Hondo Island have been found in vari
ous stages of exhaustion. Forty corpses
have also been f ound. Major Kama
guicni was also discovered alive, but fro
zen to the ground by the blankets his men
had thrown over him. The search for the
• lost men is impeded by snowstorms.
BOSTON, Feb. 2.— Mrs. "Jack" Gard
ner, Boston's social queen, has given her
friends another surDrise. This time it is
the announcement that she will entertain
Prince Henry when he comes to Boston
on March 6. Prince Henry will visit her
new home, the so-called Italian Palace
Museum. Here he will be entertained for
an hour. The only other private residence
he will visit during the afternoon will be
that of Professor Munsterberg In Cam
bridge. - ¦
Mrs. "Jack" Gardner Will Entertain
the Prince.
SOCIETY WOMAN'S TRIUMPH.
ably due to the continuation in these pro
vinces in a military capacity of th© same
officers who previously wielded civil pow
er there. w
General J. Franklin Bell, commanding
the American troops In the provinces of
Batangas and Laguna. Southern Luzon,
has arrived here to confer with Generals
Chaffee and Wheaton. He considers there
is every prospect for the final termination
of the insurrection In these provinces.
Surrenders of men and rifles occur daily.
Eecord Price for Silver Ore.
MONTEREY, Mexico. Feb. 2.— A record
price for silver ore was paid yesterday,
when sixty tons brought $800,000. The ore
is exceptionally high grade.
Czar and Czarina Go Out Driving.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 2.— The Czar
and Czarina drove out to the picture gal
leries this afternoon.'
PEACE RUMORS
IMPROVE MARKET
New Officers Chosen.
After the reports came the election of
officers for the current term, which re
sulted in the choice of the following
named:
Frederick W. Stowell of Templar Lodge,
president; F. D. Macbeth of Pacific Lodge, vice
president; J. F. Nichols of Parker Lodge, secre
tary (re-elected), and H. F. Neunaber of Yer
ba Buena Lodge, treasurer (re-elected).
After the election the officers were in
stalled by W. T. Webb, the retiring presi
dent, assisted Past President F. L.
Turpin . as marshal. There were then
short addresses by Past Presidents F. B.
Voorhies, James A. Wilson, F. L. Tur
pin, W. A. S. Nicholson, W. W. Watson
and Dr. N. . Newman, after which E. K.
Rountree, on behalf of the committee,
presented ' to the retiring president a
handsome bronze clock in appreciation of
his services during his term.
The members of the committee then
partook , of .a banquet in-a Geary-street
rotisserie, where, after the repast, Presi
dent Stowell surrendered the toastmas
tership to Past President James A. Wil-
President Stowell announced the follow
ing standing committees:
Finance — P. M. Carson of Pacific Lodge W.
E. Creed. Temolar; L. H. Kauffune, Abou
Ben Adhem; AV. T. Hitch, Bay City: J. E.
Riordan, Morse. . .
Employment — A. M. Brand. Western Addi
tion; W. H. Klmball. Cosmopolitan; J.-M Wil
son. Morse; N. L. Hansen, Ophir; A. S. Cronk
Unity.
Printing — T. R. Mann, California; E. C. An
•drews. Golden West; C. P. Jacobson, Parker.
Southern Pacific Bospital — F. A. • Taylor,
Farnsworth; J. F. Carson, Fidelity; O. Gus
tafson. • Magnolia.
Pacific Hospital— L. D. Gordon, Sargent; R.
Gilham. Abou Ben Adhem; David Kerr, Ophir.
French Hospital — N. D. Slckels, Apollo; E.
Turpln, 'Franco-American; C. Cervleres, Fran
co-American.
St. Luke's Hospital — W. H. Gibson, Apollo:
W. H. Mahew, Farnsworth; H. A. Dodge, Oc
cidental.
German Hospital— J. P. Hundrup, Cosmopol
itan; P. Stanch, Germania; Gustave Reiman,
1 Hermann.
Lane Hospital— H. O. Kellum, Golden West;
A. J. Zobel, Alta; A. L. Rosenbaum, Bay City.
Presidio Hospital — F. J. Smithson of Yerba
Buena.
pTf^HE semi-annual meeting of the
11 Odd Fellows* general relief com
1 mittee of San Francisco was held
UL in the Odd Fellows' building yes
terday. The reports .show that
during the six months past the commit
tee investigated 295 cases, which required
assistance; at the previous meeting there
was on hand $1838 70. The receipts during
the term were $8762 69. The disburse
ments from the general fund for relief
reached $8261 40, and from the friendship
fund, $408 50. The running expenses were
$388. The money/ paid out of the general
fund is for the relief of those members
of the order who may be in this city
away from their lodges in the interior of
the State, or, in fact, any part of the
world in which there is an organization
of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
and are taken sick and need assistance.
The committee sends out sub-committees
who advance sick benefits and care for
the brothers and In case of death give
.the deceased burial. The friendship fund
Is used for the purpose of making dona
tions to members of the order in dis
tress. ,
; ; — — — . ¦!¦
son, one of the wittiest of presiding offi
cers. • ¦ ¦ - : -,-.•;.¦;..
W T. Webb spoke upon "The Past."
calling, attention to the fact that. in De
cember next: there will be celebrated the
golden jubilee of the relief .. committee.
He expressed - hope that the ! occasion
would be properly observed. President
Stowell spoke of the future. Vice Presi-
. d f n t ..Macbeth responded to "The Duties
of th£ Second- Officer of \he Committee."
P J^L Grand Master W. W. Watson spoke
of The Grand Lodge," telling what' Odd
Fellowship has done in this State. Past
President Turpln responded to! "The Com
mittee and Its Work." W. A: S. Nichol
son, past president, responded to the
Fast Presidents," and during the course
of his remarks advocated the establish
ment of a hospltalfor the exclusive care
of Odd Fellows who may be taken sick.
9^E tall i C - H - Kornbeck responded to
"The Patriarchs Militant," and W. E
Creed to "The Subordinate Lodge." Dr
t w >^ a ?i. %?- st President; Secretary
J * £: N1 cnols7 T; R. ManniA. H. Breck
noldt, past president, j and Ernest C.
btock also had a few words to say.
Standing Committees.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Feb. 2.— The itin
erary of Prince Henry, on his visit to
Harvard University on March 6, was offi
cially announced to-day. The Prince will
arrive at Memorial Hall at 1:30 p. m.. es
corted by the National Lancers. He will
call upon President Eliot, partake of a
luncheon given by the Harvard Corpora
tion, attend a meeting of students at which
short speeches will be delivered, inspect
£ n !..,. Harvani gymnasium, university
buhdmgs and clubs and then attend a re
ception of the Germanic Museum Associa-'
tion at Professor MunsterbergTs house
* L 5:S0 p - m - he wiu leave for Boston
The interest in Prince Henry's visit will
center in the luncheon at President Eliot's
home, for there will be present the offi
cers of Harvard University. Dr. von
Holleben, the German Embassador. and
many distinguished guests. At this time a
high order may be given to the Prince.
Professor Munsterberg, in an Interview
to-day, said that the matter of conferring
a degree upon the Prince was one upon
which the different boards in the univer
sity must vote. The professor has hoped
that Harvard will bestow the highest
honor at her disposal.
BOSTON. Feb. 2.-The official pro
gramme for the reception and entertain
ment of Prince Henry as the gue<t of the
city of Boston was given out by Mavor
Collins to-day. The Prince and suite will
be due here at 10 a. m. March 6, being
met by Mayor Collins and Mr. Reinecke
the German Consul, at the depot. The
party will be driven under military escort
to Hotel Somerset, where the Governor,
the commandant of the navy yard. Presi
dent Eliot of Harvard College and other
high officials will be presented. Later the
Prince will call upon the Governor and the
Mayor in turn. A short inspection of the
public library will follow and the party
will then drive to the residence of Mrs
John L. Gardner, leaving there at 1
o'clock and driving to Cambridge.
The Prince will return to Boston for the
evening banquet.
High Degree Hay Be Conferred Upon
the Prussian Prince.
PROGRAMME AT. HARVARD.
NEW PRESIDENT OF THE GENERAL RELIEF COMMITTEE' OF THE
ODD FELLOWS OF SAN FRAN JTSCO, WHO WAS ELECTED YES
TERDAY TO SERVE FOR THE ENSUING YEAR.
• This evening the bodies^' of the Biddies
were removed from the jail to the Sher
iff s dwelling and the public was given an
opportunity, to view them. Hundreds of
people braved the worst .blizzard of the
year to pass by the bodies, and late to
night a long line of men and women -was
standing ;ln front of the d6or. the wind
blowing about their ears and the drlvin"
snow stinging their faces, waiting their
turn. The women were especially curious
to see Ed Biddle, who, in life had been
credited with charming so many of them
Mrs. - Soffel is reported . to be spittin^
blood to-night, and her . condition is nol
considered favorable: . * .
The Biddies and Mrs. Soffel made, a vain
flight from Justice and retribution swiftly
came on them. The blindness and infatuation
cf this woman In- leaving her husband and
helpless little children for a gang of despera
does is. the worst criminal act thus far la the
history of the twentieth century '
The Rev. Samuel Cronin Wett of St
Mark's Evangelical Lutheran Church,' in
his sermon to-night, spoke at t length of
the criminal history made in Butler Coun
ty in the past few days. He criticized se
verely the woman, whom he held responsi
ble for the whole affair. He said:
The poor boys died like dogs, literally ild
dled with bullets, and some one should be held
responsible for Inhuman actions in shooting
them when entirely helpless, unarmed and
unable to make* the slightest defense.
¦ While ministering to them almost every hour
after they were brought to Jail, they often
would talk to mo of how they wero wron~ljr
accused of crimes. They denied positively that
they kined Grocer Kahney in Mount Washing
ton, and Ed told me in the most emphatic
terms that he did not shoot Detective Patrick
Fitzgerald. . . ¦ .... •¦
t>i5!i 1? 8 e statements given out by the
Biddle boys to the newspapers and officers, both
Ed and Jack Biddle made confessions" to me
Ed s was made on Friday night; there was no
one present but myself and Jack lying in the
next cell. Jack did not confess until yesterday
Their confessions were full and complete lii
every, particular and they will never be re
vealed. - . ¦ . * r .. . .
Speaks in' Defense of the Dead.
I Slnde'the officers concerned hr the fight
and capture of the Biddies have had time
to cool off a little there appears to be a
disposition to be fair toward, each other
in the manner of the distribution of the
prize money, and an agreement to divide
the $5000 equally among the four officers
here,, the driver, J." A. Snyder, - and the
three Pittsburg detectives, has been prac
tically consented to.
The pastors of nearly all the churches in
Butler to-day referred to the sensational
capture of Mrs. Soffel and the Biddies.
The Rev. Father Walsh, rector of St.
Paul's Roman Catholic Church, who min
istered to the Biddies in their dying hours,
spoke touchingly of them to the members
of his congregation. He touched briefly
on their statements given out, and said it
was for every person to decide for them
selves as to the Innocence or guilt of the
men. • When seen at his residence this aft
ernoon Father Walsh said:
Officers Will Divide the Reward.
After the autopsy the bodies of the
Biddies were taken in charge by a local
undertaker. Arrangements are being
made to take the bodies to Pittsburg to
morow. '. * »
An autopsy held on the Biddies this
morning bore out the statements that
the Biddies intended to ' kill themselves
rather than be taken alive. It disclosed
that Jack suffered from nine wounds,
but, excepting the one that penetrated
the kidney, none of them would have
been fatal. Edward's terrible sufferings
were caused by a bullet wound that
struck him in the left breast. This
wound was. made by Edward himself.
The powder marks are visible on the
skin. Death was caused by hemorrhages
and the man suffered untold agony to
the last breath. Another wound j found
on his body was on the same side, but it
did no damage. Both bullets found in
Ed were 32-caliber. and, in the opinion
of the doctors who held the autopsy,
there is no doubt that he killed himself.
I could not say. He could still speak.
. Did he strike with considerable force?
He hit him a good hard biff with the butt of
the gun. ' •
. Shoots Prisoner on the Ground.
McGovern and I walked up to them. They
were both lying on their faces. I walked up
first and McGovern swore at me for it. He
hit Jack on the back of the head with the
butt end of ¦ his Winchester when he was on
Ills face. Then I turned Ed over on his back.
I was the 1 first to touah either of the men and
McGovern was going to shoot them again. He
stepped back and shof Jack again after he was
on the ground.. He turned Eii over, and Ed
said: "For God' 8 sake don't shoot again — let
me die." Holliday turned Jack over and
coaxed McGovern not to abuse him, to let him
die. ' /..". • :
' The slugs that entered the arms and side
of Jack Biddle were from the shot fired by
McGovern. after he was 'lying- face downward
on the snow, at close range? •
Yes, ..sir,- I am sure pf that. I was within
a few feet.
Do you think the striking of Jack on the
head with a gun had anything to do with the
hastening of his death?
. /Describing the • approach of the posse
after the convicts had been shot and had
fallen from the sleigh Deputy Hoon said:
vThe testimony taken at the" inquest was
voluminous, • and some parts of it quite
sensational. The testimony given' by Dep
uty Sheriff Rainey Hoon reflected severe
ly on McGovern, one of the Pittsburg de
tectives. : .;.'¦:
BUTLER, Pa!, FebV^'— The terrible fate
of the Biddies is the, sole topic of-;con
versation 3 here to-day. '. and a curious
throng of people have been defying- the
storm; remaining ' about T.the" jail entrance
In vain attempts to view the bodies of
the -dead .murderersl, -A ; great deal of
sympathy for the boys is: expressed, and
not'-a' few- of the : female • portion of the
crowd ', expressed a • desire, to see .what
manner of - a -man Ed Biddle was," that
he should: -exert i/such- a- wonderful in
fluence over men, . and . particularly
women. The jail doors were closed all
day and no' one $ but the doctors who
attended the " autopsy and the coroner's
Jury got in. -Even the reporters were
excluded from the inquest, j which was
held in the jail, vi - ¦ i ~.
<The -verdict of the jury, is that Ed
Biddle came to his death, by a revolver
shot fired from a revolver by himself,
and that Jack Biddle met his death from,
a gunshot wound' inflicted by the officers
in discharge of their lawful duty.
MONTREAL, Feb. 2.— Montreal is held
tightly in the grasp of the hardest snow
storm of the season. Many railroad trains
are snowbound.
BURLINGTON, Vt.. Feb. 2.— Within the
past twenty-four hours seven inches of
heavy snow has fallen. The railroad,
telephone and street car service is disor
ganized.
CLEVELAND, Feb. 2.— Seven inches of
snow fell in this city beginning since mid
night last night. Similar reports are re
ceived from Northern Ohio.
HALIFAX, N. S., Feb. 2.— A blizzard
that promises to be the severest In years
prevails throughout the provinces, having
beenf preceded by wind of almost hurri
cane force.
OSWEGO, N. Y., Feb. 2.— A fierce storm
is raging in this section to-night. Wires
have been badly damaged and trains are
all delayed. W .
OWENSBORO, Ky.. Feb. 2,-The streets
are still almost obstructed with ice and
broken wires. The electric light plant has
now one circuit on. The street cars aro
not yet running. The damage to property
here is now estimated at over $150,003.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Feb. 2.— It is feared
that some of the American fishing vessels
bound for Gloucester with cargoes of her
ring were caught in last Thursday's gale.
The revenue cutter Fionia, which arrived
here, to-day, reports the gale to be one of
the worst for many years.,
BUFFALO. Feb. 2.— This city and
Western New York generally to-day expe
rienced the second big snowstorm of the
season. A fifty-mile an hour gale drifted
the fine snow on to the railroad tracks.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Feb. 2.— The wind is
blowing thirty-five miles an hour and the
heavy wet snow is drifting badly in Syra
cuse and in Central New York.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 2.— All danger of a
flood in the Ohio Valley has passed, the
cold weather having checked the rise in
the Ohio River, which is now falling rap
idly.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Feb. 2.^-A storm
has been in progress here for nearly
twenty-four hours. Nearly a foot of snow
has fallen and it is drifting, badly imped
ing railroad traffic.
BROCKWAYVIL.LE, Pa., Feb. 2.— A
terrifio gale, considered the heaviest and
most damaging snow and wind storm In
the history of this section, is raging to
night, and this town is completely tied
up. Passenger and freight trains on all
roads are blocked on acount of heavy
snowdrifts and driveways through the
country districts. Reports from towns
north of here state a blockade and con
siderable amount of damage as a result of
the storm.
CORRY. Pa.. Feb. 2.— The worst bliz
zard of the season is raging in North
western Pennsylvania to-night. The Penn
sylvania train for Buffalo left three hours
late, drawn by three engines, and may
not get through. The road has three snow
plows in use. Telegraph wires are work
ing poorly and the country roads are im
passable.
Since sundown ¦ to-day a gale has been
blowing continuously at Sandy Hook, and
at .times the wind reached the rate of
over sixty miles an hour. The electric
lighted buoys marking Gedney channel
and the southwest spit were extinguished
to-night owing to the heavy sea grounding
the cables. On account of their interrupt
tion the French line steamer l'Aquitaine,
from Havre, and the Hamburg-American
Line steamer , Phoenicia, from Hamburg
and Boulogne, each carrying many pas
sengers, were forced to anchor outside of
the Sandy Hook bar.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— A storm that has
been prevalent all day in this section'of
the country made itself manifest in this
city and suburbs, to the;great discomfort
of all people who ventured out of doors.
On top of a heavy fall of snow 1 came rain,
which turned the snow into slush and
made swamps of low-lying grounds. In
the early afternoon the rain turned to
snow, and a little later this condition dis
appeared in the face of a decided drop in
the temperature. This was accompanied
by a gale, which in exposed quarters broke
branches of trees, blew away insecure
boarding, tangled up wires and sent store
signs flying to .the streets. One fatality
from a falling sign was reported here in.
the early evening. Tb-night the high
wind continues and the temperature
dropped. The signal bureau predicts a
fall to 10 degrees above zero before the
lowest mark is reached.
Court Councilman Waldmann, with a
party of Prince Henry's servants. Includ
ing two cooks, a steward and 6everal sil
ver butlers, are to leave Hamburg to-day
for the United States on the Hamburg-
American line steamer Glaf Waldersee.
On their arrival the members of this
party will make preparations to cater for
the imperial yacht Hohenzollern and 1 will
procure special supplies for the banquet
to be given on the occasion of the launch
ing or the Emperor's new yacht-
Admiral Count von Baudissin, com
rnander of the Hohenzollern, wiring from
fat. "\ incent, C. V. I., on Wednesday, said
ne would touch at Bermuda next, and
irom there, if the weather was good, he
would steam at full speed for New York.
He expected the Hohenzollern to do eight
een knots an hour from Bermuda.
Mr. White told Prince Henry that the
city of Chattanooga desired to present
him with an album of views. The Prince
said he would be delighted to accept the
album. Mr. White said he was sorry that
the Prince could not go to Florida and
see something: of the tropical United
States during the winter months. Prince
Henry also regrets that his stay in the
United States will be so limited as to
prevent him seeing- many other places to
which he has been invited.
BERLIN. Feb. 2.— Admiral Prince Hen
ry of Prussia left here this morning: for
KleL Andrew D. White, the United States
Ambassador, went to the railroad station
officially to bid farewell to the Prince,
who probably will not return to Berlin
before Bailing for the United States.
Worst Blizzard' of Season Is
Raging in Northwestern
Pennsylvania.
Party of Cooks and Butlers
Coming to Arrange for
His Comfort.
of the Sheriff ; to I View
"the Bodies,
... ..:...:.../, • ..,.¦., ... 1 .'_.,„..;:.
Curious Throngs Visit Home
j^utopsy Shows One of
the Brothers Shot;
y. Himself Twice.
New York City and Sub
urbs in the Grip of
a Big Storm.
Goes to Kiel Before De
parting for United
States.
PRINCE HENRY
LEAVES BERLIN
WIND AND SNOW
CAUSE DAMAGE
TRAGIC DEATHS
OF THE BIDDLES
ODD FELLOWS RELIEF COMMITTEE
ELECTS OFFICERS AND BANQUETS
Fred W. Stdwell Is Selected as President and Is
III Installed With the Others Who Are Chosen, After
Which the Members Enjoy Feast and Speeches
THE BAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1902.
Sv H. . & M. -| on the Back
of any skirt binding stands for styles and
best quality. Buy .that "binding and you
will be satisfied. , •
ROME. Feb. 2.— The statement that the
qowager Queen , Margherita Intends to
visit the United States incognito, asthe
Countess Btuplnigi Is regarded here as a
canard.
Regard Story as. a -Canard.
Inauguration of President Zelaya.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 2.— J. San
tos Zelaya was to-day inaugurated.Presi
dent of Nicaragua for' his" third term
in • the presence of the : Nicaragruan Con
gress and' a large assemblage of citizens.
President Zelaya in his address referred
hopefully to the prospects for the con
struction • of the Nicaraguan canal and
to.thftjaenefltu that Nicaragua would de
rive therefrom. . ¦ , '
Whitney said he had shifted -the bunion
of his .many interests to the shoulders of
younger men.* He also intimated that he
could not be . tempted to enter politics
again. .'.'.¦,. ¦ '. • ¦• . .-.- •_¦
2
JOHN J. FULTON CO.
/
Two Hospitals
Said Diabetes
Brijjiit's Disease anl Dlafcetes
Are Positively Curable.
People either cured or recovering from
the above diseases are in every ward in
this city. Mrs. C. , C. Mathewsbn, proprie-
tor of the Clifton Hotel. 502 Powell street,
is one of them, and makes this statement:
: For two years I suffered greatly from dia-
betes. Finally I haJ to go to one of the hospi-
tals, going to one of this city's very best. Three
physicians there confirmed my case as dia-
betes and put me under treatment and strict
diet. Getting no relief. I went home. I got
steadily worse and went to another, well-known
city hospital. The physicians there also said
diabetes, and stated that . they could prolong
my .life, but that I could never be well. I
left the hospital after a few months completely
broken down, the percentage of sugar being 11
per cent. ¦ It • was at this Juncture I heard of
the Fulton Compound and sent for It. The
second and third weeks I began to-- sleep un-
interruptedly, and foun^ that the awful thlrs:
I had suffered with for over two years had left
me. I am now an entirely different person,
though still taking It to Insure permanency. I
have recommended It to a number, all getting
favorable results. One was a warm friend and
another Is a Berkeley attorney who had Bright" s
disease and Is now perfectly restored. I, dis-
like publicity, but feel that this thing ought
to be known. * MRS. C. C. MATHEWSON.
502 Powell St., San Francisco, Nov. 21, 1001.
Medical works agree that Bright'a Dis-
ease and Diabetes are incurable, but S7
per cent are positively recovering under
the Fulton Compounds. (Common torm-i
of kidney complaint and rheumatism from
uric acid offer but short resistance.) Price.
51 for the Brighfs Disease and $1.50 for ths
Diabetic Compound. Interior agents will
be made as faat as possible. John J. Ful-
ton Co., 420 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco,, sole compoundera. Free teats macto
for patients. Descriptive pamphlet mailed
free.,tQBN9M
DE. PIEBOggBggEDgS^
rtTTTTk TTTTm/il/Tm ***«• I trok many a bottle offfiffere^
RHTP WKKriKKIl •***«* medicines without effect. X
OIlll " XI IVJivJllXl/* began taking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
i r ~ :-^-- '-_ scnption, and ten months afterward I
gave birth to a ten-potmtf boy. AH phy-
HumanitV to the Rescue. fidans had stated as a fact that I never
- . - ' .¦¦" -.:'¦¦ V' C onld bear a child. Both the baby and
r , • ~~ myself were strong; and I got along
If the news were flashed across the splendidly— thanka to your medicine. I
continent that on some desolate, inhos- do my own work and fcel very nmch
pitable shore a mother and child were encouraged. I wish all sBfiertagromen
ship-wrecked, it would not be an hour would thoroughly try your Farorite
•before ' relief expeditions were being Prescription. 1 »
planned and organized. Though; toe A woman's word COOJ>?
cost should be millions, though the - -
voVage should -be long and pitilons, . Upon the answer to that qnestode-
thoulh the woman cast-away were the pends the yalue of statements such as
poorest of her sex, unstinted treasure those made by Mrs. De Ford. She
would be ponred out and life cheerfully "doctored with many physfctans-some
risked toibrwig her back to home and . specialwts" without benefit. _She has
happiness. ' '* « tmrice been in hospital." Hez^casevas
Is in any worse lor mother and babe regarded as a hopeless one." ; She tarned
to perish of disease and hunger on a to the use of "patent tnedtctnes rnthout
desolate island than under^a sheltering effect." And after all this suffering and
roof in a civilized land? How many the faihores of the medicines and doc-
mothers' lives are wrecked by ill-health tors, she- was cured by the use of Dr.
each year? How' many infants die of Pierce's Favorite Prescription.
) -s ¦ Any woman who can
~^ >s >s^ •.'.- j "-Vv'; Km k v>w Vw^«J > >- read such a statement
-^^^ v^. as Mrs. De Ford's and
-^^^ ' _ doxxbt its tr^rt ri ffl stft ft
r^ N * 1 * * A ¦ i doubt upon tnc truth-*
/-* y \ \tSWB women g^Ki &xul gratc-
innutrition annually ? Why should not bottles of his ' Favorite Prescription ' and
the story of such as these make appeal two of 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and
to human sympathy and stir men to now I feel better than for more than ten
organized effort for their relief. years. I am so very thankful that I
~.- « ~ «.,' heard of Dr. Pierce's medianes, I cannot
REIJE* IS HEADY. thank j^ tQQ much f(jr M& iind advice
More and more with every month of to me." founded on FACTS.
llglgli pfslsl
sands of sick women have been made meritorious mediones.
we ll. • . O? GREAT WORTH TO WOMBIT.
" I wish to add my testimony to Iran- Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
dreds of others as to the value of Dr. Adviser deals with the important ques-
Pierce's medicines," writes Mrs. Ida SI. tions in the fields of biology, physiology
De Ford, of Latona, Hubbard Co., Minn. and hygiene, in plain English. Of
"Have doctored with a great many phy- especial value-to women are the chapters
•sicians— some specialists; have twice » treating on the care of the health, mar-
been in a hospital for treatment. My riage and maternity. The work contains
case has been regarded as a hopeless over a thousand large pages and is sent
one, and they knew not what the trouble free on receipt of stamps to pay expense
was. Heart was bad; stomach all out of mailing only. Send 31 one-cent stamps
of order ; tired out, severe pains in al! for the cloth-bound volume, or only 21
parts of the body ; sinking spells and stamps for the book in paper covers.
nearly every ailment a woman could Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
1 ADVEBTISEMENTS. :
Sick, Nervcras,
Neuralgic.
No matter what may be
the name or the cause, if .
you are subject to headache
in any form, you are natu-
rally z more interested in
knowing how to prevent and
cure it. The next time your
head aches get a box of
DR. MILES'
Pain Pills
They do cure headache
and pain in all forms.
Sold by all druggists. Price 25c
"For nervous and sick headache we
consider Dr. Miles' Pain Pills the best
remedy that we have ever tried. Mrs.
Harman. has found the most severe '
attacks yield immediately to their cura-
tive influence." Rev. T. H. Harm an,
pjg3B Fennimore, Wis.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhert, Ind.PRESIDENTJAND VICE PRESIDENT OF ST. 'PATRICK'S, DAT CONVEN
".T TION. ELECTED BY THE IRISH SOCIETIES TO PREPARE FOR CELE
BRATION IN HONOR OF IRELAND'S PATRON SAINT. ' ¦*
LONDON, Feb. 2.— The Italian ship Nl
colo Accame, which sailed, from here
January 27, bound for Pensacola, Fla.,
has been lost near Port Blanc. The crew
was saved. . ,
Italian Ship Lost Near Port Blanc.
TAMPA, Fla., Feb. 2.— At a conference
between a committee of the striking cigar
makers and the officers of the American
Cigar Company here, in whose factories
the recent cigarmakers' strike is effective?
held to-day an agreement was reached by
all the men, and they will return to work
to-morrow. The strikers did not get their
entire demands, it is said, but a compro
mise for the present, was reached. The
exact conditions of the agreement have
not been given out. . ,
Cigar-Makers' Strike Ends.
' Mr. Rockhill states that during the ne
gotiations "the Russian Minister re
marked that if the sum total of claims
fell short of $337,000,000 the balance should
be given back to China."- Russia, how
ever, had comparatively few private
claims, the principal damage for whicn
she claimed compensation having- been
done to her railroad crossing Manchuria.
In administration circles it is not be-"
lleved that Europe will be disposed to re
turn any of the sums which will be paid
by China. Since the signature of -the
peace protocol some of the powers have
filed additional claims for compensation,
and if any governments return portions
of their indemnity to China these will be
demanded for the satisfaction of new
claims. It is this aspect of the situation
which is causing the United States to
hesitate about relinquishing the difference
between the amount of its actual damages
and expenses and the $25,000,000 which
China has agreed to pay.
Subsequently Great Britain suggested
that the indemnity be fixed at $297,000,000.
Secretary Hay authorized Mr. Rockhill to
accept the British proposition if nothing
better could be agreed upon. It failed,
however, in consequence of its abandon
ment by the British Government, and the
powers then agreed to demand an indem
nity of $337,000,000.
Great Britain's share of the enormous
indemnity demanded of China was $25,800,
000. During the negotiations the British
Government was opposed to the exaction
of a sum which would embarrass the Chi
nese Government, and Mr. Rockhill re
ports that she ; suggested the scaling oi.'
the indemnity to 3250,000,000, China to
make a loan in the open market sufficient
to pay one-half of that amount and to
make arrangements with the powers as
to the mode and time of payment of the
other half. But the British as well as the
American proposal to fix the indemnity at
3250,000,000 was not adopted by the diplo
matic corps.
•CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.-Great Brit
ain has announced her purpose to observe
the policy determined upon by the United
States with respect to the return to China
of that portion of the Boxer indemnity
which may be in excess of actual injuries
and- expenses. This declaration Is stated
in ' the report of Mr. Rockhlll. lata Com
missioner to China, which will be made
public in a few days.'
"The British Government proposes," Mr.
Rockhill says, "to return to the finance
committee at Shanghai, to be disposed of
as the powers decide, any balance of its
share of the Indemnity in excess of the
adjusted claims."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Only Actual Injuries and Ex
penses Will Figure in . /
the Accounting.
Portion of the Boxer
Indemnity.
Will Return to China a
Rev. Father McMahon of St. Francis
Church presented a resolution providing
for the distribution of the funds that are
expected to accrue . from the. proceeds of
the entertainments to. be given In connec
tion with the celebration. • He suggested
that one-half of the proceeds should be
applied to the educational fund of the
Gaelic League of this city, in order to In
crease the number of teachers that are
being maintained in the schools now be
ing conducted under the auspices of the
State and local leagues; one-quarter to be
applied to a 'fund now being raised by a
Gaelic paper in New York City for the
purpose of sending, the remains of Father
O'Growney, now in a cemetery near Los
Angeles, to his birthplace in Iceland, and,
the remaining • quarter . to the Gaelic
League of Ireland for. the purpose of get
ting teachers for the schools of that coun
try. •¦¦ . ¦-..-,..'..
: .Father McMahon's resolutions were re
ceived with -applause and adopted unani
mously.:, . V
A proposition that each organization be
¦ assessed $2 50 for each delegate In attend
ance did not meet with favor
The convention ..will meet again next
Sunday afternoon.
President, J. S. McCormick; first vice presi
dent, Thomas J. Alford; second vice president.
Miss Josephine I. Dillon: secretary, George
Lowe; financial secretary, M. J. Costello;
treasurer. Jeremiah ¦ Deasy.
An executive committee of twentyrflve
will be appointed at,the next meeting.
Rev. Father Dollard of New Brunswick,
who is at present visiting the city, was
elected an honorary^ member of the con
vention and made a brief address.
The election of omcers resulted In the
choice- of the following:
BRITAIN FOLLOWS
AMERICAN POLICY
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— Rev. Father Pat
rick Francis Smith, pastor of St. Mary'3
Roman Catholic Church. .Hudson, N. Y..
for the last twenty-five years, died to
day in this city, aged 65 years. He was a
cousin of Archbishop Kendrlck.
Death Summons a Priest.
Two Murderers Captured.
BROCKWAYVILLE, Pa., 2.—Half
naked and nearly starved. Thomas Madu
lena and Benni Poll, the men wanted for
the murder of James Heekln at Shav.mii'
on January 28, were brought to bay Ir. the
woods near here last night. They* had
had nothing to eat for four days and were
too weak to offer resistance.
OMAHA. Neb.. Feb. 2.— On the down
town streets here to-day J. S. Evards, a
prominent merchant of Kearney, Neb.,
forcibly took his 6-year-old daughter, who
was in the custody of his mother-in-law,
a Mrs. Dodger of this city. The streets
were crowded with people at the time and
considerable excitement resulted. Mrs.
Dodger was alighting from a street car
and a- strange man assisted the child
from the car. Intsead of putting her down
he passed the little girl to Evards, who
forced her into a carriage and lashed the
horses into a run. He was arrested later
in Council Bluffs and agreed to return to
this city, where he will Institute habeas
corpus proceedings. Evards and his wife
have not lived together for some time.
From the Custody of His
Mother-in-Law.
Forcibly Takes His Little Daughter
TATHER TJNDER ARREST
FOR STEALING HIS CHILD
ANTWERP, Feb. 2.— Lieutenant Ton
Siegsfeld, a distinguished military aero
naut, made an ascent at Potsdam, Ger
many, to-day, with the intention of reach
ing an altitude of 18,000 feet and experi
menting: in artificial respiration. He ex
pected to land in Hanover, but a strong:
gale carried him here In five hours. Ho
crossed the river Scheldt here, almost
touching the masts of shipping.
Lieutenant von Siegsfeld and his com
panion. Dr. Lincke, made desperate ef
forts to anchor the balloon at the village
of Zwyndrecht. Lincke jumped out of
the balloon when it was fifteen feet from
the ground and was slightly hurt. Lieu
tenant von Siegsfeld's foot caught In the
cordage and he was dragged 200 yards.
Some peasants finally stopped the bal
loon, but Von Siegsfeld was then dead.
His body was horribly mangled. The bal
loon covered three miles in the last min
ute.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
In Attempting to Jump He Is Caugn*
in the Cordage and Dragged
Many Yards Along th»V-'x'..
. N Ground. ¦
Balloon Encounters a Gale
That" Carries It * at .
Terrific Speed. ;
Lieutenant Von Siega
feld Perishes Near
Antwerp.
AERONAUT'S
TRIP ENDS
IN TRAGEDY
Count Tolstoi Seriously 111.
gT . PETERSBURG, Feb. 2.— Count Leo
Tolstoi is very ill. He will be attended by
a specialist from St Petersburg.
"It's the quickest way to yet rid of it. , You
will also ; find \ it ¦ good • for, chilblains, ; earache,
neuralgia/ soreness, stiffness Vnd all skin irrita
tions. I* cures piles. ¦ 25c and 50c, , at druggists
or by mail. Salva-cea, 274 Canal St., N. Y. .
TTse Salya-cea " for Cold . in the Head.
At 1 o'clock conservative estimates
placed the loss at $2,000,000. It Is reported
that numerous thieves were operating in
houses where they had been admitted
ostensibly to view the flames.
At 3;40 o'clock flames thirty feet high
were leaping from the roof of the Sco
vllle House, which caught fire after the
0
In the panic caused by the fire there
were many rumors of accidents and fatali
ties, but at the Waterbury hospital at 1
o'clock it was said that no accidents or
deaths had been reported there. At that
hour the fire was still burning, though, as
viewed from the hospital, which is on an
eminence commanding the city. It ap
peared that Its vigor was abating. Hope
•was expressed that the worst was over
and that the fire would soon be under con
trol.
Conflagration.
WATERBURT, Conn., Feb. 3.— Shortly
after midnight the fire, which had ap
parently been . brought under control,
broke out in new places and the efforts
of tho local firemen, combined with the
aid given by fire fighters and apparatus
from Hartford, Bridgeport, New Haven
and Naagatuck, seemed powerless to stay
its progress. The blaze was wiping out
the business portion of the city, all the
lire being confined to that section, though
residential parts of the city were in dan
ger from sparks driven by the furious
wind.
FLAMES BB.EAK OUT ATSTEW.
Efforts of Firemen Fail to Check the
At 4:30 a. m. the Associated Press ope
rator at the Postal Telegraph office was
compelled to leave his key on account
of the near approach of the flames.
Buried Gold in the Cellar.
v MARSHALL. Mich.. Feb. 2.— Relatives
of James Lee, a pioneer resident of Cal
houn, who died yesterday at his home In
Fredonia Township, have found $6000 in
gold buried in a tin can in the cellar of
his residence.
flames had been believed under control.
The guests in the Scoville House and the
Exchange Hotel fled in their night
clothes. The second fire has placed the
city in a panic. The Hodson billiard par
lors and cafe, W. J. Rether's meat mar
ket. Baudy Bros.' fruit store. M. J. Mc-
Every's caie. Cone's store. Descher *
Kiel's cafe, Albin O. Spalek's barber shop
and the Scoville B«liard Hall are at the
mercy of the flames. 7
The Scoville House, < the scene of the
second fire, is located nearly 600 feet from
the dry goods store of Reid & Hughes,
where the fire originated. The origin of
the blaze Is a mystery. The City Hall is
threatened. The Exchange Hotel Is burn
injr like tinder. •
M. Landers, a well known professional
ball player and a member of Protection
Hose Company, was found partly frozen
on the roof of a building adjoining Con
lfcom's store. He is unconslcous and his
condition Is serious.
CARACAS, Venezuela,' Feb. 2.— It is said
in Government and diplomatic circles here
that when the steamer Ben Rlgh (subse
quently called the Libertador, and opera
ting in the interests of the Matos revo
lution against President Ca'stro) left
London last November the legation of the
United States of Colombia in London
guaranteed that she was in the service of
Colombia. This statment explains many
of the seeming mysteries connected with
the movement of thg vessel. . .
Explains Ben High Affair.
gineerlng Company, $75,000; Franklin
House, totally destroyed. $40,000; Turkish
bath, W. G. Schlegel proprietor, $20,000;
Jean Jacques block, $40,000; Mrs. W. C
Banner's block, occupied by Anson Zel
lew Company, $75,000; George E. Judd
block, occupied by L. A. Palmer-Hoffman
Company, $30,000; Waterbury American,
loss on building, $50,000; Schlitz Brewing
Company, $30,000; Conlon Brothers, $50,00);
Edward llcCraw. two blocks, $85,000;
Meigs' block. $40,000: Whittles' block, $20.
000; Boston Furniture Company. $40,000;
Bronson block, $35,000.
RICHFIELD. Utah, Feb. 2.— William
Harkins, formerly. one of the best known
railroad contractors In Northern Utah,
Southern Idaho and Wyoming, has been
missing from his home in Klmberley,
Utah, since last Sunday and it is believed
he perished in -the snowstorm prevailing
in the Gold Mountain district. - He left
Klmberley a week ago to visit a mine four
miles distant and has not been seen or
heard of since, . Searching parties have
discovered a snowslideVhich occurred on
the path that Harkins had taken, 'and it is
believed the unfortunate man was caught
and buried In this.. . }
May Have Perished in Blizzard.
St. Francis Branch Gaelic League P A
Buckley. Rev. Father" McMahon. Miss Nora
Riley. Mrs. McFeeley, Mrs. J. Kilcommon.
Division No. 3. A. O. H.— M. McDermott P.
Rev Father Hennessy Branch Gaelic League
—Patrick Mannion, Cornelius O'Leary Jere
miah Foley, William Kelly, James C Daley
Bt. Patrick'* Alliance of America— John J
O'Brien, James J. Wren. P. J. Pierce Samuel
McFadden, William Collins. ' Damuel
Division No. 8, A. O. H. — J. H Shinkwln
Charles McCrystle, J. H. Maginnis M Fitz
gerald M; D. Coleman. - . - •*••<¦*
St. ; Peter's Branch Gaelic League Rev P
S. Casey. Rev. William Lyons, Miss Lucy Cole
man. John Cavanaugh. Rev. Father Butler
Division No. 15 A. O. H.— D. Barry. William
Simpson. S. V. Costello. John Kavaiiaugh. E.
Division No. 12, A. O. H.— Thotnaa Doyle.
Nicholas Morrissey, James ,Cox, William
Lynch. Patrick Murphy. A- UJt - wnnam
Father O'Growney Branch Gaello League
Rev. Father Giles, Thomas O'Connor John J
Reynolds, Anna Deasy Mrs McEntee
Martha Washington Circle, Ladles Auxiliary
A. O. H.— Mrs. C. B. Flanagan, Miss J. Egan'
Miss Emily Doyle, Miss B. Egan. Miss Lizzie
Egan.
St. Francis Branch Gaelic League— Rev
Father McMahon P. A. Buckley Mils Nori
Reilly Mrs. McFeeley Mrs. J.^KHc^mmon
Union Hail Association— Colonel
Thomas F. Barry,' Jeremiah Deasy James A
Foley, John Ganey, J. B. Haggarty'
Irish Teachers* Association — Mrs" Desmond
J. McGillicuddy. Daniel O'Brien M.-J Con!
nolly, M. Ford. " *
Division No. 10, A. O. H.— George J. Lowe,
John Donohue John H. Dolan, Peter Me!
Kewen, John Coghlin.
Gaelio Dancing Club — John J. O'Connor Wil
liam Murphy. P. J. Madlgan. Owen S. O'Reilly
John Lynch. • . • . •
Accredited Delegates.
A recess was taken in "order to give the
committees time to report. Rov. J. F Nu
gent for the committee on credentials re
ported the following list of delegates as
entitled to seats:
Committee on permanent organization and
order of business— Rev. P. C Yorke J J
Donovan, M.' Lacy, F. J. Kierce. T. M* Se'ary'
John Ganey. John O'Gara. '
Committee on credentials — Rev. J F Nu
rent, T. R. O'Dowd. M. Casey. W ' H ' Hes
sion, William Murphy, K. M. Looney ' C. J.
Collins. s '
All through the deliberation there was
a desire expressed on all sides to depart
as much as possible from the ordinary
routine that has obtained heretofore and
to at once launch into, preparations for
the event. John O'Gara, president of the
convention of 1901, called the meeting to
order and explained what it was hoped to
accomplish. T. J. Mellott was chosen tem
porary chairman arid George L. Lowe and
T. J. Alford temporary secretaries. Then
came the appointment of the following
committees:
THE convention of the delegate's
from the Irish societies of this
city called to prepare for the cele
bration of next St. Patrick's day
assembled yesterday afternoon in
Knights of the Red Branch Hall, on Mis
sion street. The assemblage was remark
able for the number, of priests who par
ticipated in the deliberations and for the
number of women delegates accredited to
the convention. One of the ladies was
honored with a high office.
Continued From Pag« One.
HELENA. Feb. - 2,-^-The. big- Western
Montana-. Lumber companies, controlling
the lumber output of the western • section
of the State, amounting to millions of feet
annually, have formed T an organization
and adopted a resolution pledging, them
selves not to recognize f any, labor union.'
At a. recent meeting the union, whose mem
bers number several thousand, fixed' the
scale of swages-, for common | laborers at
$2 50 a day for nine hours. The rate here
tofore" paid has been {2 a day. for ten
hours. ...•-'.
Lumbermen to Fight. AH Unions.'
The report of the. committee on per
manent organization and order * of busi
ness was adopted without change. '
Before final action was* taken John
O'Gara suggested that all the officers of
previous conventions be admitted as dele
gates and given a voice and a vote. This
provoked #. stormy debate, and * if was
finally decided to admit only the officers
of the last convention. .
Exclude Previous Officers.
K R. B. Rifles — James J. Sullivan Captain
H. Fllgate, James F. McArdle. J. J. Kenny,
Lieutenant J. Kllemede. .
Division No. . 6, A. O. H. — T. J. Norton. . M.'
Regan. J. Kenny, J. Keohane, J. Norton.
KntRhts of St. Patrick — Charles Glldea, John
R. Tobln, Thomas Stanton, James F. O'Brien,
SI. Merrigan. • ,
State Executive Committee of the Gaelic
League — Rev. P. C. Yorke Miss L. X. Barr,
J Deasy C. J. Collins, Miss M. O'Leary.
Knights of Ta'ra — John P.- Allen, M. J.'Hes
slon, Philip E. Lynch, Thomas Connolly, John
Division No. C, ¦ A: , O. H. — Thomas P.
O'Dowd Matthew J. Leonard, Michael J. Cos
tello George A. Lynch. George \V. Ross.
Mission Dolores Branch Gaelic League —
David Kelly, Miss i Mary McGrady, Miss Nel
lie Shea, Miss Mary Ruane, Michael Crowley.
County Leltrim ; Social ¦¦ Club — P. M. Mc-
Gushen, R. J. O'Reilley, P. C. Morton. M. J.
Moran James Morton.
Celtic Union — Richard O'Connor, Frank J.
Kierce, William Mulvin, Miss Josephine I.
Dillon, Mrs. M. Reedy.
St. Patrick's . Branch Gaelic League — R.
O'Drlscoll, T. Murphy. M. Lacey. Edward M.
O'Reilly and P. H. McEnery.
Knights of the Red Branch Hall Association
j.. s. .McCormlck. James Smith, T. J. Can
non, James H. I>oran. T. J. Mellott.
Knights of the Red Branch — William
Murphy, Michael Casey, ' James J. Con
nlffe John Doyle. Charles L. Sheahan.
Division No. 2, A. O. H.— T. L. Clancy.
James Glbney, ¦ Andrew Sheehan, 'Richard
Cavanaugh. Peter McArdle.
. County board of directors, A. O. H. — John
P Dignan, T. R. Doyle, P. J. . Kelleher, T.
Dunning, J. J. Donohue.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance — Thomas Mc-
Grath, Thomas Alvord, v J. D. Condon, . J.
Sweeney, J. Hare. , " .
Division No. 17, A. O. H. — Joseph P. Fan
ning, Robert S. Shepston, Michael O'Mahoney,
John Mitchell, M. C. McDonald. :
Division No. », A. O. H. — M. . McDermott,
John Sullivan, James Burns. Jeremiah Dono
van M. H. ' McCafferty. . ...
Martha Washington Circle — Mrs. C. B.
Flanagan. Miss J. Eagan, Miss Emily Doyle,
Miss B. Eagan, Miss L. Eagan.
Gaello Athletic Club— W. Lynch, P. Keller,
T. Nunan, J. Cammeron, J. Lally.- ¦ > . ,
County extension board. A. O. H. — William.
O'Shaughnessy, P. B. Mahoney. John Norton,
J. J. Coghlan. J. McFadden. ¦
St. Brendan's Branch Gaelic League — Rev.
John F. Nugent, Rev. P. J.- Keane, Rev.. E.
O' Sullivan, Rev. J. Hennessy, Rev. Philip
Byrne. ¦ ¦ . ''
. Unity Alliance— James Rock, P. J. Halllgan.
Timothy Hurley, . John Hennessy, William
O'Connor. ¦•-.."-.-¦.-*.
Division No. f>. A. O. H. — John C. Ryan,
Frank Boland. Daniel Harney, Patrick Flan
nlgan Michael "Wheiton.
¦ Gaelic Choral Society — John J. Malley, James
J. Barry. Miss H. A. Barry, Phil Curran, J. E.
Ericson. ' , . .....»¦
Columbia Circle, Ladies' Auxiliary, A. O. H.
— Mrs S Fadden, Mrs. T. P. Dorrls. Miss
Annie Reilly, Miss Winnie Hlgglns, Miss Bes
sie Hennessy. . .
St. Patrick's Alliance — Thomas McKeon,. F.
A. O'Brien. F. P. Hunt. D. A. Desmond, James
Egan. • -
St. Charles Branch Gaelic League — Miss C.
O'Brien, Miss M. King. Mr. Coffey. Mrs. Mol
loy.
J; Sheehy, James Burns, Jeremiah O* Donovan,
M. H. McCafferty.
Emerald Glee Club — Frank C. Sullivan, Har
ry S. Colman, Patrick • S. Looney, Edward P.
Hogan, Thomas J. Mitchell.
Celtic Philharmonic Club — Flevdon . Lynch,
Michael J. Lawless, John McQuade, Stephen
O'llahony William F. McCormlck.
It is probable that the Machlas will 'Join
the command of Rear Admiral Hlgginson
at Guantanamo or Cienfuegos. The squad
ron, which is to leave Culebra to-day, is
due to arrive at Guantanamo on Feb
ruary 6, and at Cienfuegos on the 20th.
SAN JUAN, P. R., Feb. 2.— Tfce fleet in
command of Rear Admiral Francis J.
Hlgginson, commander in chief of the
North Atlantic squadron, left Culebra
Island to-day.
NEW YORK, Feb. -2.— The United
States gunboat Msrsbias, Lieutenant Com
mander Henry McCrea, which has been
at the Navy Yard here for the past
month receiving repairs, sailed this atter
noon with orders to proceed to the West
Indies and join the North Atlantic squad
ron, taking the place of the gunboat Ma
rietta, which is now at Colon to protect
American interests there, i
Wow at Colon, to Protect
American Interests.
Will Replace the Marietta, Which Is
GTTNBOAfT MACHIAS SAELS '
FOB THE WEST INDIES
DANVERS. Mass., Feb. 2.— Inquiry here
throws no light upon the supposed connec
tion of Harry a. Macomber with the
woman who was found apparently mur
dered in Xew York.
A neighbor heard a quarrel going on in
the house Saturday and other circum
stances which have come to light make
the police more strongly inclined to the
murder theory.
NEW YORK). Feb. 2.— Investigation by
the police to-day confirms the belief that
the woman found dead in a Christie-street
house last night with her throat cut, was
murdered and a knife placed in her hand
afterward to give the appearance of sui
cide. The woman has been identified as
Minnie Clark, 33 years of age, who came
here some time ago with her 17-year-old
daughterjMay and her husband, William
Clark, from St. Cloud, Minn. A year ago
the husband became insane and was com
mitted to an asylum. '
Her Throat Cut and Knife in
Hand Was Murdered.
Believe That a Woman Found With
POLICE INVESTIGATE
A MYSTEBIOUS DEATH
FLAMES RAZE WATERBURY BLOCKS
ain would ne» *p negotiate with Mr. Kru
g-er or Dr. I-»v.«'
The Hagu« ¦-ondent of the Dally
Mail says that x»- * intends to remodel
.her offer concerning peace In South Af
rica and renew diplomatic representations
fto Great Britain. Dr. Kuyper, the Dutch
Premier, says the correspondent, has
strong Continental backing, and the nego
tiations are likely to be prolonged.
LONDON, Feb. 2.— Rudyard Kipling,
who arrived at Cape Town on January 8.
in a letter to a friend in England again
protests emphatically against any amnes
ty being granted the rebels, which he
fears from the attitude of the home peo
ple may be done. Mr. Kipling declares it
is a question of life or death for the
colony.
"The British Minister had an Interview
with Dr. von Lynden, the Dutch Minister
of Foreign Affairs, last Saturday," wires
the Brussels correspondent of the Morn
ing Post, "and intimate's that Great Brit-
"During the time the prisoners of war
have been here two of them have been
shot by the sentries.
'•The medical attendance Is inefficient
also, and, while the climate is good, the
Boers <iie through neglect, from diseases
that could have been easily cured. But,
Then, it is a good way of getting rid of
the enemy.
"There are several Americans among
the prisoners of war, but they are abso
lutely neglected both by their Consul here.
Mr. Poole, and by their countrymen in the
States.
••Holland relieves the wants of the
Dutch prisoners of war by sending them
clothing, tobacco and money. Germany.
France. Denmark, Sweden and Xorway
a.nd even Finland do the same."
The writer, who signs himself "An
American Citizen Who Dares Not Give His
Name," appeals for the same treatment
from his own countrymen. [
Kipling Still Bloodthirsty.
XEW YORK. Feb. 3.— The World says:
Smuggled out of Deadwood Camp, the
Bntr prison on the historic island of St.
Helena, has come to the World a letter
fiom one of the prisoners— a missive that
traveled 10,000 miles before reaching its
destination. The prisoner in the barricade
had no money and no stamp, so the letter
was posted bare of postage and came with
two ten-cent C. O. D. stamps affixed by
the United States Postottice Department.
The prisoner, an American, says in his
letter that books, journals and newspa
pers are not allowed to enter the prison
camp, whether censored or not. He con
tinues:
"The food supplied to the prisoners of
war is barely sufficient to keep soul and
body together and lucky are those who
ha.ve a few shillings to buy extras with.
"Unless a prisoner of war reduces him
self to the state of a beggar he will walk
about in ragged clothing, for unless one
begs of the omcers he will not be supplied
witn clothing.
Captives Shot by Sentries.
Special DiBDatch to The Call,
Letter Smuggled Out by an American
Who Fought With Patriots
Wakes an Appeal to This '
Country.
Alleges That Two Have Bee:
Shot by the Sentries
on Guard.
McCullough says he attempted to turn
off the flow of oil into the furnace, but
turned it on instead. The burning oil
got beyond controj and destroyed the
electric works, which were owned by
.Tames Cross, formerly one of the execu
tors of the Hobart t estate. The loss is
about $10,000.
It is thought that the blow-off pipes
became uncoupled and that the force of,
the steam hurled Christie on a pile of
rocks, causing a fracture of ' the skull.
McCullough shares the opinion of tne
officers that the man was murdered.
RED BLUFF, Feb. 2.— The people here
are considerably exercised over the death
of Engineer Fred Christie of the Tehama
Electric Works early this morning. The
officers assert, and many people believe,
that he was murdered, but no sufficient
fact has yet been obtained upon which
to hang this conjecture. William McCul
lough, however. Is in jail, and there will
be an investigation.
Christie, who "had been in the employ
of the electric company for several
months, went to work at midnight. Mc-
Cullough, a lineman, who was out of em
ployment, says he was asleep in the dyna
mo room when the stopping of the ma
chinery aroused him. He awoke just as
the machinery ceased to move and the
lights went out.
McCullough gave an alarm and Captain
Deshlelds, the watchman at the Sierra
Lumber Company's factory, responded.
An investigation revealed the dead body
of Christie at the sleuth end of the boiler
room outside the building. He had
turned on the exhaust valve to blow out
the boiler and his head lay near a pipe.
The skull was crushed.
Special- Disuatch to The Call.
Electric Works at Red Bluff
Destroyed by Fire at
Night.
Says Prisoners Are Dy
ing of Neglect on
St. Helena.
Violent Death of an En
gineer Causes Sus
picion.
BQER CAPTIVE
WRITES STORY
OF SUFFERING
OFFICERS SAY
IT WAS MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1902.
DELEGATES FROM IRISH SOCIETIES
MEET TO PREPARE FOR CELEBRATION
3
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE
BiLIOOS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,
SSck^ Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains In Stomach, impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.
Tho Salo now oxcoods SIX MILLION Boxes por Annum.
Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, England.
Sold Everywhere, in Boxes, IOc. and 25c.
U. £. A. Deoot. 365 C*n«! Street, New York. r : : f|§§
A half-priced clearing in men's and boys'
suits and overcoats
The mention of the former prices and the sale price . jpw }S£Sk
tell the whole story of this clearing sale. The only jJ^J /r®T/
thing^we can add is that every value is just as repre- \k) '¦ • jp^^n;
sented and a dissatisfied customer can have his money JlEL^ ' r ¦
back the minute he asks for it. Furthermore we will -J^t^W^<.
keep the garments in repair free for one year. You /S/^m$K'\
will find this convenient when you want to bring them &|J1pK®©i\ ¦ J^SllffliM
in and have them pressed. See the suits and>overcoats iHffifjf |l||\ ¦ MmW^W^
The' suits' are single' and double-breasted sacks, l^BlIlf^^^'
made of Scotch tweeds, in stylish cuts, winter- weight StMlMP^ l railiOT^/
material; former price $12.50. W?WS? ' 111 1^8 J^
The overcoats are all-wool cheviots, in winter \Hi'-'il^7 '^^jpiJaF^f / '
length and weight, lined with the best, of farmer satin, m|c ;|f^ Mf© «![ '
The suits and overcoats are to be had now for ;§tJfl li*n e8i
'^^J We- still have a number of values left in
«* s£ boys' and youths' suits and topcoats which are
$M&k ¦*¦ r d&£0tk*' broken in sizes; as the lines are Incomplete the
«jp!l{iL w^^w" prices are immensely reduced— we want to dear
W®W^^ffl^B\'-" *3-5© to eo at $2.10; Suits worth $3.75', 54 50,
Aglaince at our , ;,^- ; ,^t A F '» Out-of* town orders
windows will always/*\>> T "¦:% . A I £\ :f\ WT\ r* ' f ilI c d - writ e «* *or
prove interesting,^^© I^J • wit/I §8 111 Ail &\ anything in , men's
whether you need # IIUUIJ: Ou B X^P* OI * boys * c!othin 6>
, clothes, hate or^fur- ¦* - ¦ -W W m ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ '^TT furnishiniis op
nishings. - 718 Market Street hat8 - :\ HOTBL. DEL. CORONADO. | choicest .Winter
Resort lii the,' world, offers best living, climate,
boating, ' baihing. . fishing ' and '"¦ most .'amgse
cicnta. E. S.Eabcock. 'manager, Coronado, Cal.
Kansas farmers estimate fliey. lost last year $100
000 by prairie dogs and $600,000 by gophers, but for
some reason they have not figured out the damage
done by Populists. •
Denmark once asked $15,000,000 for the islands
which she is now willing to' sell for. about $5,000,000,
which shows a remarkable shrinkage in the' value of
European holdings in this hemisphere since th<» Span
ish war. ¦¦¦.:, - , -.' : , ' < . , ' . '• <
More than one-half of the whole population in
Massachusetts are depositors in the i savings banks of
the State, so there is achance a great many of them
may eventually have money enough to . come West
and live * in a good climate.
. Fifty-two years ago the . first woman
medical practitioner hurig, out her sign In
the United States. Forty, years afterward
statistics showed 3000 woman doctors who
had followed along the pathway that she
had blazed. ,. It is 'estimated that there are
twice .that number practicing now."; '
Abroad women^physiciang. are riot • so
numerous as in America. . London '¦ has 86,
and there are .'- throughout I the - United
Kingdom, India and China 396. • '^ '¦' .
Women Physicians Popular.
Here is a French story that illustrates the exact
perfection of French law:, A man who had two
motorcycles stolen from him two years ago was re
cently called upon to pay' taxes on them. He ex
plained that they were stolen, but was officially . in
formed the tax could be remitted only ' when he re
turned the plaques^ As. he could not do that he had
to pay the tax, and doubtless will continue to pay it
unless he can get the machines back.
L. Newmlller, a Stockton capitalist, v is
at; the Lick. . • , /
Dr. Merritt Hltt of Los Angeles is a
guest at the. Palace.' ' .
Mayor C. H. Storke of: Santa Barbara is
registered at the Grand; - -
O. J. Woodward, a^ banker. of Fresno,
is a recent arrival at the Lick. .
Dr.' F.'B. Foster of Boston Is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Chemist; (passing, on 'to •' the next cus
d°on e Snl hen take k bef0re
Chemist (to poor woman)-You must
"There goes the man who made 'In th«
Morgue' famous." « . UI<iae ¦»* tne
-"He doesn't look like an author "
"Author! I should say not. He's th«
$20,000 advertising man of the Pdshem &
Getthere Publishing Company »-c£ve
land Plain Dealer. * - '-'eve-
"If Mary hadn't so much curiosity she
would be a good piano player."
"What does she do?"
"Why, she plays so .very softly whim
Sealed *° talklng/'-devdand Plain
Greene-^How In the world, then, do thev
know he's playing golf?— Yonkers States
man. ...
Redd— No, he doesn't wear anthlnr but
an ordinary business suit when h« eoe«i
on the links. < . > , •
The issue is up to the British workingmen and the
manufacturers. They are the elements who forced
the repeal of the corn larws and the adoption of a free
trade policy. ' It is now incumbent upon them to
show how they can maintain that policy without
crippling the finances of the nation. The Govern
ment needs money, the financiers" advise customs d\i!
ties, the farmers demand protection, the imperialists
wish special favors for the colonists. Against all
those forces the free-traders must manage to hold
their own or a grain' tax will be one of the burdens
the British workingmen will have, to bear as a'con
sequence of* Chamberlain's- imperial policy in South ;
Africa.. It isinoOprobable it will be imposed at this
session v ol Parliament, for this is.no time for the
As may be supposed, the scheme has won. the ap
proval of the land-owners and the farmers. The
London papers abound with letters advocating the
grain tax. Some urge it is a measure designed to
promote home agriculture as well as to raise a rev
enue for the country. Others are in favor, of exempt
ing from the tax grain imported from the colonies,
thus to some extent weakening its effect as a protec
tive measure. It is their claim that the admission of
colonial grain free of duty while foreign grain is sub
ject to taxation would have the effect of strength
ening the ties of the empire by establishing fresh
interests between the colonies and the mother
country.
Sir Robert Giffen, who is eminent as a financier as
well as a statistician, has recently submitted in a
public letter a scheme of- taxation which he deems
best fitted to' meet the emergency. He would make
the income tax tenpence a pound for the present,
but on the close of the war would reduce it to six
pence. He woul4 increase taxes on tea, sugar,
petroleum . and beer, and in addition thereto would
impose one shilling per quarter registration duty
¦jpon imported grain.
LORI} SALISBURY may have not the slight
est intention ¦ to ask Parliament to im
pose a tax on grain imports, but none
the less the people of Great Britain are dis
cussing the proposition as eagerly as if it
were one of practical politics. The war in South
Africa has brought about a big increase in the na
tional debt, -which must be paid off, and it has also
caused a large deficiency in the revenue, which must
be met. It is said by some authorities that direct
taxatior in the kingdom has reached the limit and
that any further taxation must be by customs duties.
Holding to that belief they unhesitatingly advise' a
duty on grain as most likely to yield a large revenue
at a comparatively small cost for collection.
A BRITISH BREAD TAX.
As a matter of fact the United States is under no
moral responsibility to guarantee good markets for
Cuban sugar, nor prosperity for the Cuban people.
We went to their aid_ to Telieve them from the burden
of Spanish" rule and the relief has been duly given.
It is now for them to work out their destiny as an
.independent people. If we once undertake to sup
port them, there will never be a, time when we will
not have to continue that support/ ; ' •
?f Evidence has been submitted to the Ways and
Means Committee of the House of % Representatives,
and published in The Call, showing that the demand
for free admission cf Cuban sugar to the United
i States comes mainly from American speculators who;
having bought Cuban estates at a low price, now'
1 wish to induce the United States to ruin the domestic
sugar industry for the sake of providing the specu
lators with " a profit. The scheme is an outrageous
one, and, as our correspondent shows, is indefensible
even upon the grounds assumed by the schemers.
The point is one which has already attracted the
attention of those who have given serious thought
to the Cuban claims. It has been pointed out by
The Call and by papers in the East.. Mr. Williams,
however, has stated it with such terseness as to give
it a new force and anew interest. His letter shows
that the people are not being deceived by the Cuban
claimants, but have a clear idea of the weakness of
the causeVhich the speculators in Cuban sugar plan
tations are supporting. • ' . " '
WE present in another, column a letter from
: E. C. Williams upon the alleged moral re
sponsibility of the United States to guar
antee the prosperity of Cuba. Mr. Williams argues
that if such responsibility exist it rests upon the
whole people of the United States and is due to the
whole mass of the Cuban population; consequently
the scheme of shifting the burden so as to make it
fall exclusively upon the sugar growers of the United
States, while the benefits would go exclusively to the
sugar producers in Cuba, would be an injustice to
both sides.
THE CLAIMS OF CUBA.
A Baptist clergyman in Virginia who lost 202 ser
mons by negligence of a railway company sued for
damages, and, the matter having been left to a board
of arbitration composed of his fellow clergymen, they
assessed the' value of the sermons at $250, or $1 23
each. Such a valuation shows a Christian honesty
worthy of the highest praise. Had a board of law
yers been appointed to assess the value of an equal
damage done to the property of a fellow lawyer they'
would have taken. the railroad and demanded further
compensation from the stockholders.
The ."authoritative announcement" that ; Bio witz
had retired from the London. Times has now been
authoritatively denied; so while you may take your
choice of authorities and believe which you please
Blowitz will continue to draw his salary and pose as
the greatest special correspondent in Europe.
One point, however, deserves' attention. The fail
ures throughout the country during January showed
a large falling off in liabilities in iron, machinery,
cotton, lumber and chemical manufactures as com
pared with the corresponding month in 1001. This
shows that 'the crest of the wave of prosperity in
mam..- ..luring lias not yet passed.
The condition of tht important staples remains
about as before. There was more irregularity in* ce
reals last week, and prices bobbed about a good deal,
but like the traditional moth fluttering about the
candle, they did not .get very, far from base. The
boot and shoe trade of New England is reported in
a flourishing condition in spite of a further decline
in hides, the iron trade still booms, the distributive
trade of the country is excellent and money is not
stringent at New York. Otherwise there is very
little to be said of trade last week.
THE United States has never been so flush
with funds as during the past year or two.
With the possible exception of New York,
which, being the banking center of the country, is
apt to be c<!led upon for immense amounts at a mo
ment's notice, all sections of the land have plenty
of money. This abundance amounts to a plethora
at many points, and has been the chief factor in the
formation of those great combines which have caused
the whole world to stop and stare. California has
her pocket full as well as the other sections, as
shown by the reports of her 267 State banks to the
Bank Commissioners. According to these reports
the aggregate of assets and liabilities of the 2fy] banks
it the close of business on December 31, 1901, was
$371,547,9/2, which was a gain" of $36,702,700 over
1900. This exhibit is said to be without precedent
in this State and illustrates the prosperity of Califor
nia in a nutshelL The main item of increase was in
deposits, which were $290,076,000, an increase for this
account of $31,147,900. That this large increase has
gone into circulation in different forms of investment
is shown by the small increase in the cash on hand,
which was only $554,3*8 more than on the corre
sponding date the previous year. Yet with all this
increase in investments the banks, both city and
country, have large amounts which they are eager
lo loan, and no solvent borrower, who has good av
erage security to put up, finds any difficulty in secur
ing whatever accommodation he desires. The State
may not have much rain nor many people, but it has
lots of money. The effect on business cannot but
be highly beneficial, and, indeed, the record of the
San Francisco Clearing-house for January shows a
most gratifying condition of trade, the clearings for
the month being $105,570,793, against $90,043,134 in
January, 1901, an increase last month of about $14,
630,000. This showing ought to satisfy anybody.. If
we had received plenty of rain up to date we would
now be on velvet as far as crop prospects are con
cerned, and even as it is only an occasional district
here and there reports serious damage thus far. With
the usual spring rains the northern and central sec
tions will pull through all right, but the south needs
a good deal more moisture to insure average crops.
Like California, the great winter wheat belt of the
United States has been in need of moisture up to
the recent blizzard, which covered the plant with
snow and stopped all croaking about a crop failure
in that section, except in the extreme Southwest,
where the ground is still dry. This snowfall has
allayed a good deal of apprehension throughout the
Western and Eastern parts of the country and given
more tone to business generally. There is nothing
that affects trade more than the condition of the
great cereal crops. The feeling throughout the coun
try is now more buoyant than ever. The outlook for
the spring trade is reported greatly improved, though
the very blizzard that caused the improvement cut
down general trade materially for the time being, as
was to have been expected. It favored the future at
the expense of the present, which is not an unmixed
evil.
OUR POCKETS FULL OF MONEY.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
A BOOK or scandal, written by Eugene Jules Olivier, an ensign in the
French navy, has created a great stir In naval circles in that country, and
the author has been dismissed from the service. The book is entitled
' "Les Maritlmes," in which nearly all the characters are naval officers,
which, under fictitious names are, with few exceptions, depicted as blackguards of
the most pronounced type, and envy, hatred, malice, vice and corruption are said
to be rampant through the navy. The commanders and lieutenants are described
as lazy and addicted to every kind of vice, including opium smoking ashore and
aboard. The engineers are alluded to as "dirty Freemasons" by the deck officers,
and a doctor refuses to report an officer unfit for duty for fear of arousing the ire
of the paymaster, and so on. Even the women do not escape scandalous reflec
j tions, and as a natural result Mr. Olivier has' already been compelled to fight five
duels, and has several others in prospect. It is inferred from the violence of the
animosity displayed against the writer that there is some truth In his charges.
• and British papers felicitate themselves that such a book would be quite impossi
ble in England. . • .
The plans for the construction of the new turret ship Henri IV, building at
Cherbourg, have mysteriously disappeared, and there is great perturbation in
naval circles. As the Henry IV is the most unique freak of imagination in naval
architecture it is not likely that the plans have been stolen with a view of
duplicating the ship in any other navy.' The ship, begun In May, 1897, was not
launched until ; August. 1899, is still far from completion and, according to the
- opinion of /competent naval critics, the Henri IV will only be another addition to'
the many failures in French naval vessels. •"
• Three third class cruisers in the French navy, the ; ; Cocklogon,' Forbin < and
Troude, are to be modernized, although they are only about thirteen years old.
They were built for high Bpeeds, which were never realized, and are to have new
engines, boilers and armaments.
The Reguln, coast defense ship, which has been undergoing reconstruction since
1898, has had a successful engine trial, developing 6230 horsepower, with only ten
out of her twelve Niclausse boilers in use. The ship was built in 18S5 and Is now
as good as new, having received modern machinery and an effective armament.
The cumbersome superstructures have also been greatly reduced and the gun pro
tection much improved.
An accident occurred on the French battleship Jena on January 18, during the
heavy gun trials. The sighting lever of one of the 12-Inch guns broke at the fourth
shot and caused considerable damage. All the heavy guns will undergo alterations
as a result of the accident and further trials will be postponed for a month.
t ' ' • .• •
The credit for abolishing flogging in the United States navy Is commonly given
to Commodore Robert F. Stockton, who served as a Senator from New. Jersey In
1851-52, having resigned from the navy May 28, 1850. The credit really belongs to
John P. Hale of New Hampshire, who introduced the humane measure in the
House of Representatives on June 3, 1844, but it was defeated in the Senate. Hale
subsequently became a Senator, and in September, ' 1850, the Senate passed the
resolution by a vote of 26 to 24, which, being concurred In by the
House and approved by the President, became- 'a law September 28, 1S50. Stockton
did not take his seat in the Senate until December 1, 1851, about fourteen months
after flogging had been prohibited, but In January. 1852, when attempts were
made to resurrect the barbarous practice. Stockton,* Hale and others opposed It,
and the navy was saved from further disgrace in that direction. Monuments have
been erected, testimonials, resolutions, vote of thanks, and medals, have been
awarded to commemorate deeds of heroism of high and ordinary performance of
plain duty, and it would seem to be quite fit and proper that the enlisted men in
the navy should remember In some suitable manner John P. Hale and Robert F.
Stockton, who abolished slavery in the navy. •
Five recently built battleships in the Italian navy are still in an uncompleted
condition for the want of money. The insignificant sum of $184,000 has been granted
to complete* and "put to sea the Benedetto Brin, Regina Margherita, Regina
Elena, Vlttorla Emanuele and Francesco Ferruccio. Three battleships are to be
laid down on which a first installment of $15,000 will be expended; two coaling ships
will cost $8000 each," and- $26,400 will be expended on twelve vessels of minor import
ance. The sum total toward naval Increase and repairs foots up to only $225,400
for the present year, which is the smallest amount to be expended by any naval
power.
A novel fort has just been completed at San Paolo Island, at the entrance to
the naval harbor of Tarantq. It is a large steel tower with external armor, said
to be five feet in thickness and weighs 50,000 tona. It contains two guns of heavy
caliber, and the tower can be turned In any direction by hydraulic power. Its
cost ,was $2,400,000. . .*. s> •
The process of weeding out useless vessels In the British navy keeps pace with
new building, resulting in large savings of money. The old ironclad coast defense
ships Glatton, Cyclops, Hecate and Gorgon, have been struck from the effective
list and relegated to the rows of hulks at the dockyards, to be either broken up
• or sold for what their metal will bring. They were built over thirty years ago and
have performed no service whatever beyond instruction duty and an occasional
¦ participation in the naval maneuvers, where they demonstrated their utter use
lessness because of slowness and bad seagoing qualities. '
The old depot ship Urgent, for more than forty years located at Jamaica, Is at
last to be relieved and replace'd with the sheathed corvette Active, built in 1869.
but condemned four years ago as unfit for active service.
The new sloop Fantome, built at Sheerness, passed through her coal consump
: tlon trials of thirty hours last month with good results. With 180 pounds of steam
• in her Niclausse boilers the engines developed 339 horsepower, giving a speed of
9^4 knots. "The Fantome Is one of a class of six sloops built since 1900, of which the .
- missing Condor, somewhat smaller, was the prototype. These vessels are of 1070
tons, 1400 horsepower and 13% knots speed, and are not to be confounded with
the torpedo-gunboats of the same size, built In 1894, in which the excessive speed,
of 19 knots has never been realized. .._ . '
It is stated that Philip Watts, successor to Sir William White, director of naval
construction In the British navy, is to receive a yearly salary of $17,500. His pre
decessor received $12,500, and Nathaniel" Barnaby, who retired in 1886 to make room
for Sir Edward White.- got only $7500 per annum."
Writes a. Book, in Which He Discusses the Character and
Habits of the Officers of the Navy. 7
FRENCH ENSIGN IN DUELS GALORE
BECAUSE HE PUBLISHED SCANDALS
EVERY ONE will remember the clamor and confusion with the carriages
'after the big . performances during the recent grand opera season in this
city. Well, it Is all to .be done away with hereafter.
The man with the foghorn voice and the megaphone at the theater door
is to have a successor if an electric invention soon to be tried In New York
proves successful.,' An Illuminated carriage call system Is to be installed at the
Metropolitan Opera-house and If the experiment comes up to expectations the
plan will be Introduced elsewhere., . :
)' The proper numbers will be flashed from a conspicuous place commanding the
"stretches, of pavement where the carriages, cabs and automobiles now crowd
• and Jam the crossings after Opera hours.
; ¦.-Operators' stationed at ,tbe entrances will give numbered checks, and, with
out the aid of tile man' with the foghorn voice, calling one's vehicle will be only
• a matter of switching a series of levers, arranged somewhat like . a. typewriter
board. The figures from 0 to 9 can be shown in each of the three large apertures,
so that carriage calls may be. numbered up in the hundreds and changed every
, two seconds. • - .- . • . ' .
- " The principle of . the device Is similar to that of the shifting advertising
legends written; in colored incandescent lights. Theater and opera-goers, and—
even more than , these— the persons living near the midnight tumult of the shout
ing, for. carriages, will welcome this system as a public benefaction. There will
"be no excuse for. delay and confusion when coachmen will be able to read their
numbers against the sky. a half dozen blqcks away.
ILLUSTRATION SHOWS HOW CARRIAGE NO. 819 WILL BE SUMMONED
AFTER "THE OPERA BY THE ELECTRIC CALL SYSTEM TO BE
V INSTALLED AT METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE. NEW YORK.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PAN-AMERICAN— G. H., Table Rock,
Sierra County, Cal. "Pan," a prefix, is
Greek for "all," consequently "pan-Amer
ican" is "all-American."
THREE DATES— J. H. C, City. The
great railroad strike commenced in July,
1894; the Chicago exposition opened May
1, 1S93, and the Midwinter Fair in San
I Francisco opened January 27, 1834.
GOLD COINS-Subscrlber, City. No
premium is offered for $3 pieces coined
after 1834, nor for $10 pieces coined after
1804. Dealers charge from $7 60 to $S 50 for
$5 pieces of 1836 and" 1844, and from $13 50
to $15 for $10 pieces of 1847.
FREE DELIVERY— F. J. P., City. The
rate on drop or local letters at free de
livery offices is 2 cents per ounce or frac
tion thereof; at offices where there Is no
free delivery by carriers the rate is 1 cent
per ounce or fraction thereof.
PROMISSORY— Old Reader, City. The
fact that a promissory note is not pre
sented for payment at maturity does not
invalidate its life. It runs for four years
from that time, if executed in this State,
two years if out of the State.
GAME LAWS— H. H. S., Sacramento,
Cal. You can obtain a copy of the game
laws of California by writing to the State
Board of Fish Commissioners, Mills build
ing, San Francisco, or by going to the of
fice of the Secretary of State, in your city.
PREMIUM COIN— J. J. R., City. There
Is a New York dealer in old coins who
offers from 510 to $13 50, according to the
state of preservation, for a $5 piece of
1827. This department cannot advertise
the dealer's name or give his address.
A half-dollar of 1825 does not command
a Ttremium.
FRATERNAL ORDERS— A Subscriber.
City. "Which is the oldest fraternal or
ganization is a mooted question, as there
is no positive proof as to which first prac
ticed fraternity. Among them, however,
may be mentioned the Masons and the
Druids, each of which can trace ita his
tory beyond the scope of written hi3tory.
DISTANCE-R. T., City. The distance
from San Francisco to Yokohama in a
direct line without stopping at Honolulu
Is, .according t dlhe track chart. 4791
miles; in a direct line from Seattle to
Yokohama it is 14536 miles, j Steamers go
to the north of the passage between
these points to reach the great circle
route, which shortens the distance.
ROTT MARRIAGE MEDAL—Subscrib
er, BenlcIa.Cal. There are but five genuine
Roty marriage medals in existence and
these are in the hands of people who
would not part with them for any money
consideration, consequently it is impos
sible to give "the market value of the
same." Duplicates which are pressed, not
engraved, as are the originals, have been
sold for as high as $150.
POLITICAL INFORMATION-*, Santa
Clara, Cal. For information relative to
the attempt to elect Dan Burns United
States Senator from California consult
the files of The Call of January, Febru
ary and March, \ 1S99; for Information
about the charges against Clark of Mon
tana see the files of The Call for Janu
ary, 1900. The latest deadlock In the Leg
islature of Dellwaro lastad until tha
close of that body, It adjourning without
electing a Senator.
SPECIAL DELIVERY A. W. F., Idle
wild, Placer County, CaL Tho delivery of
letters that have a special delivery stamp
affixed, if- directed to a postofflce -where
there are" carriers, extends to the)
limit of the carrier routes. At non
carrier offices tho delivery extends to on*
mile from the postofflce. Postmasters ar«
not obliged to deliver beyond such limit
and letters addressed to places beyond
must wait delivery In the usual way, not
withstanding the special delivery gtampw
An ordinary 10-cent stamp affixed to a
letter In addition to the regular postag*
will not entitle It to special delivery.
NOT BY CATCH— J. and I*. City In
philopena. as In betting, the rule applies
that there cannot be a decision in favor
of a catch. If the parties who partook of
a two-kernel nut agreed that It should be
upon the first one saying "yes" or "no" It
must have b«en implied that the ironl
smould be uttered In the presence of the
other. If L went to a telephone, called
up J and asked a question that could be
answered only by •?yes" or "no," then L
was guilty of a trick which deprived J of
an opportunity to be on guard. I, took
an unfair advantage, because the voico Is
not always recognizable over the wire,
consequently J might not have been able
to discover who was asking tho question.
CALIFORNIA. NAMES — Subscriber
Alameda, CaL There Is a boo* entitled
California >iamea" 'that can be seen at
the refernece room of the San Francisco
Free Public Library. It gives the defini
tion of California names, but it does not
give their derivation. "Tamal-pals" la
"country of the Tamala." In the. very
early days of California there was a
tribe of . Indians in what Is now Marin
County, known as the Taraal3. The
Spanish-speaking people of early days
designated . that as "el Tamal pals "
after the Inhabitants, and In after years
the mountain in the county named ram «
to be named for the old-fonBiKun?^?
that part of the State in which It la or?J
common usage contracted the two wcX
and "pals," into on? TaSall
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townaend'a.*
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound, in nre-etched boxes or Jar/ bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend!
639 Market at.. Palace Hotel building*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 51D Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104° •
An old house has been uncovered in
Lisbon^ which dates from the great earth
quake of 1755. It Is thought that a whole
ttrcet of buried houses lies in a line with
the one discovered.
Look out for 81 4th st., front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs. 13c to 40c. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend' 3 .«
Quality makes price. Were Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other extracts Its prtc«
would be the same. Once tried alwaj-s used.
The process which has thus been carried to a fair
degree of excellence will of course be improved in
the future, and eventually it will do away with color
presses. The Call is never content. with past accom
plishment, but always moves forward to something
better. -For the present, however, it has satisfaction
in what has been attained in the production of half
tones in colors. It is another triumph for California
journalism and for California art. *
- The excellence- of the work was apparent upon its
face. ThV colors blended^ harmoniously, not only
with- one another^ but with the lights ..and shadows
of the half-tone. A degree of richness'and brightness
was thus given to^the illustrations which could not
otherwise have been obtained. The pictures thus pre
sented differed from the ordinary colored supplement
pictures in every important artistic /respect. They
were not crude, they were not daubs, they were not
offensive to the eye. They were not caricatures, nor
coarse cartoons of bad drawing made lurid by glaring
colors, but specimerits of genuine artistio work.
The Call did not affront its readers' by the
tion of any crude experiments in that,- any more than
in any' other line of work. Just as it perfected by
quietly conducted experiments its system of wireless
telegraphy before attempting to make use of .-it, so
has it perfected the process of producing half-tones
m colors before making publication of them. Con
sequently the feat of obtaining by wireless telegraphy
the news of the arrival of the transport bearing home
the California Volunteers from the Philippines has
been followed by an equal success" in the publication
yesterday of artistically worked out- half-tones in
colors. ¦
The production of half-tones in colors by a process
available for newspaper publication is no slight
achievement. It is, in fact; one of the triumphs of
the art of printing. Many efforts have been made
to accomplish it, but most of; these have resulted
in failure, and the colored half-tones whencpreserited
to the public have been nothing more than' blurred
pictures daubed with bits of misplaced color. They
have excited the derision of the public. and disguste'd
artists. So complete were these failures that in many
cases those who underwent them • abandoned .. the
effort altogether and set aside as hopeless any desire
of producing that form of illustration , for newspapers^
T /ESTERDAY The Call presented* among the
| illustrations of the Sunday supplement a num
-*¦ be'r of half-tones, in colors. The fact deserves
more than a passing notice, because it was not only
the first time that such art work has been successfully
accomplished on the Pacific Coast, but was achieved
by a process of our own on an ordinary press used
in everyday printing. It represents, therefore, a new
development of California art in journalism and is
another of the many evidences around us that Cali
fornians are no longer dependent upon Eastern in
struction in art work, but are making an independent
headway along line's of their own/; • - ••! \
HALF-TONES IN COLORS.
Editor The, Call: "Why will you
not In your trenchant way put the mat
ter of reciprocity with Cuba upon the
ground that If the Cubans have a moral
claim upon the United States, then the
Unite*.! State3 should respond to it; and
whatever the claim may be let It be met
by retaining the war taxes,, and using the
revenue so. derived to meet the obligation,
instead of asking the beet and cane sugar
growers to settle Uncle Sam's bills? These
industries have assumed no obligations
moral or pecuniary toward Cuba. Let
those who have made the promises, if Any
have been made, see that they are kept.
If the United States pays to the Cubanr
republic fifty or sixty millions of dol
lars per annum for three or five years to .
jnake good any agreement, either posi
tive or implied, then the right party will
pay it, and the right one get the benefit;
while, according to the proposed plan, the
domestic sugar industries will pay the bill,
and American speculators in Cuban plan
tations will get the money, neither of
which parties have any interest In the
original bargain. Yours very truly,
E. C. WILLIAMS.
San Francisco. February 1, 1902.
MONDAY FEBRUARY 3, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Cemamnieitioni to W. 8. LKAKE, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE... Telephone Prow 204
PmiilCATlOX OFFICE. . .Marltet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 2U1.
EDITORIAL ROO3IS 217 to 221 Stcvonxon St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered liy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Ccnl«.
Termn l>y Mafl. Inrindlns PoRtnere:
PAIL.T CALL (Including Sunday), one year .' Jf.-OO
PAILT CALL (including Sunday). 6 months ! 3.00
;>AILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months. 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
FUTCDAT CALL. One Tear l-«>
WEEKLY CALL. Ose Year 1-00
All poBtmaater* Arc authorised to receive
nubRCriptlons.
Sample copies tv!11 be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address ehould be :
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request. ,
OAKLAND OFFICE i .11 IS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xuiger foreign Advertising, KarjMtte Building. Chicags.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: -^
C. C. CARLTON* . Herald Sanare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH..'. 3O Tribune Bnildlne
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. t
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140C G St., X. TV.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. *O3
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
9:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22(51
liarUct. corner Sixteenth, open vntll 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
While American interest in King Edward's coro
nation centers mainly on; the question what kind of
trousers Whitelaw Reid will wear, British interest is
concerned in the creation of new peerages. It is ex
pected the King will be liberal with his honors, and
people "are wondering just' how many new Barons,
Earls and Dukes they will have to do kow-tow to on
the day after the ceremony. . r
The increasing power of the Senate and the over
whelming prestige it has attained in legislation ever
since the House ceased to be a deliberative body is one
of the strongest causes of the increasing demand for
the election of Senators by direct vote of the people.
It is an indisputable proposition that in popular esti
mation the National Government is developing into
what may be called a "Senatorial Government." The
Senators assert the right of deciding whom the Presi
dent shall appoint to most of the Federal offices.
They claim the right of initiative in making treaties,
and asserted it successfully in negotiations with Great
Britain over the isthmian canal. They claim to be
able, in conjunction with the President, to make
treaties which will materially alter tariff duties and
the fiscal system of the nation. In short, the Senate
is encroaching upon both the President and the
House, and if the Representatives decide to make a 1
fight against the encroachments they will do well to
alter their recent methods of doing business and
make the fight in a way that will win popular sup
port. * , /
In the particular case in which the House purposes
to raise an issue against the aggressions of the Sen
ate the people will naturally turn to the Senate to
hear it discussed. The House will formulate its plat
form in a committee Toom. The matter will be re
ported and pqssibly debated for a day or two. In the
Senate the controversy will be discussed for a month.
The people will hear the argument of the Senators,
but they will hear nothing from the House. A con
test waged in that way can have but one result. The
Senators will win.
It is in the. Senate only that great measures are
fully discussed. It is in that body only that every
man has a chance. to be heard and the petitions of the
people receive attention. The consequence has been '
that the people look more and more to ,the Senate for
protection against hasty legislation. An illustration of
the situation is to be seen to-day in the progress of
the Philippine bill. Stanch Republicans are now look
ing to the Senate to remedy defects in that measure
passed by Republicans of the House. In fact, the
Senate has become the popular branch of the Legis
lature, and that means it is becoming by far the more
important branch.
For reasons thought good and sufficient the mem
bers of the House have given up all pretense of being
a deliberative body. Bills of the highest importance
are rushed through without a sufficient; amount of
debate to give the country any conception of the
meaning of the measures. 'The Committee on Rules
virtually controls legislation, and were it not that
newspaper correspondents gather information ¦ from
committee rooms the people would have hardly
any knowledge at all of what sort of legislation is
under consideration. By that method of doing busi
ness the House gains in a certain kind of efficiency.
It passes within a few days bills which are before the
Senate for months. For that efficiency, however, it
pays a high price, and a part of. the cost has been
the diminished importance of the House as a gart of
the legislative branch of the Government.
y EADERS of both parties in the .House of Rep-
I resentatives are now engaged in devising
•¦— ' means whereby, to quote from the report from
Washington, "the House can defend itself against
what it considers the threatened invasion by the
Senate of its prerogative in the matter of revenue
legislation." The particular issue upon which the
House purposes to make a fight for itself is indeed
an important one, 'but it would be a great deal better
if the House would take into consideration the whole
question of its relations to the Senate and of the ex
tent to which it has subordinated itself in legislation.
A SENATORIAL GOVERNMENT.
Ministry to take risks, but hereafter the free-traders
will have to reckon with it. .. ; .','¦¦
CONCERNING
RECIPROCITY
WITH CUBA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3,.li>O2.
ELECTRIC SIGN WILL
CALL THE CARRIAGES
4
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoll — "The "Ameer."
Central — "Master and Man."
Alcazar — "The Danltes."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpheuzn — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Jim tie Penman."
California — "The Pride of Jennico."
?Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By W. H. Hord — Tuesday. February 4. at 10 o'clock. Thor-
oughbred and Trotting Stock, at 1732 Market street.SCENE AT THE DEDICATION OF THE NEW SUNSET CONGREGATIONAL, CHURCH YESTERDAY APTER
, NOON, AND TWO OF THE REVEREND^ GENTLEMEN WHO TOOK PART IN THE EXERCISES AND CON
GRATULATED THE CONGREGATION ON SECURING ITS NEW HOME.
Only , Reliable . Coal t Dealers
Self Tesia Briquettes, $9 per "ton. , Best and
cheapest : fuel :, for. kitchen and grate.V Phone
South , 05 'about them." : " , ,'J, j } ¦ . • . ,
Chinese. New Year begins this morning.
The festivities 'on the part of „ the :' Mon
golians will continue until Friday morn-
Ing. : Stores; will remain, closed and the
Chinese have made arrangements with
the police to, explode fire; works and conr
duct other noisy games compatable with
the holiday. . ;
Chinese New Year Begins.
j Men who' persist in expectorating on the
sidewalks of the city ,;Wlll ; find it ' an ex
pensive habit;from now. 6n. : The police
officers yesterday made a large number of
arrests for .violation of the ordinance pro
hibiting w expectorating 5 , on the g public
streets, and patrol wagons were kept busy
during the day: haulingthe offenders to
¦jail. J| At the ! Southern : station a score of
meY»\were*. landed ) by • the police .; and', were
forced, to put" up $5 ball, each or stay m
jail. .¦: Chief of Police Wittman has notified
his : men \ that ¦. failure , to ? make arrest -for
violation -of ;Hhe "anti-expectoration or
dinance will" result ? In appearance i before
the Police CommisBioners of all delinquent
officers. . , . . • •
Expeqtorators Are /Arrested.
.'A.' E. Henry, who .was arrested Saturday
for embezzlement, is wanted at Salt Lake
City for defrauding OraE. Upp,' a grocer,
of JSOO year ago. Henry ¦ was a clerk In
Upp's employ, and : after -, collecting $800
suddenly disappeared. As .' a result Upp
was forced* to become a bankrupt.
-.The police of this city learned of Henry's
presence -here an' > his ar,rest • followed
Sheriff Naylor of oalt Lake is now on his
way to this city with a view to returnlnz
him to Utah for trial.. <
Defrauded , His Employer of $800 a
Year Ago a"nd Came to San
Francisco. .-¦¦
HENRY .WANTED AT- SALT
LAKE FOB EayiBEZZIiElVIENT
A Sumner County (Kansas) man who
had a neighbor arrested for slander
swore to the following affidavit: "I here
by solemnly swear that the defendant set
upon me, calling me a lobster, a pauper,
a scarecrow and an idiot, all of which I
certify to be true." ¦
The new bill at the Chutes which opens
to-day includes the Nanibas, Japanese
jugglers, and Alf Holt, the humorist from
the Orpheum:" also Thomas Annaud,.vo
calist.* late of Hi Henry's minstrels; Lo-
The Central will have an English melo
drama, called "Master and Man," for tne
week's bill. .It is a story of love, .in
trigue and adventure, and s the klnd ! of
thing that the Central clientele looks for
at its favorite house.- There is the usual
thriller in- the way of sensation, this
time .a furnace, where a man will' be
burned nightly. , ¦ . • . ;
The Tlvoli has "The Ameer" for a bill,
and it is as good a thing as the popular
house has ever done in the light opera
line. The company is of the best, Anna
LIchter, better than ever, as the soprano
prlma; the contralto role is in Frances
Graham's capable hands; Annie Myers,
one of the cleverest soubrettes, to care
for the feminine comedy; Harold Gordon,
the new tenor, who has already won a
warm place in Tivoli-goers' affections;
Arthur Cunningham, with his fine bary
tone; Ferris Hartman, without one, but
with everything else, and. Edward Webb
and Harry Cushman as a comedy trio
that can be trusted with anything In tne
comedy line. . "The Ameer" is. naturally
all right in/suchuhands, and is splendidly
put on. ,...-.. . f
• -¦•¦*. .»¦' • - - -
The Alcazar Theater will revive "The
Danites" this week, .one of the few West
ern plays that have attained eminence.
It is by Joaquin Miller, and was adapted
to the stage by McKee Rankln, | who
played In the leading role for many years.
The story concerns itself with the Mor
mon Boclety, known as the "Destroying
Angels," a kind of organized vendetta,
with those who had put to death Joseph
Smith, the Mormon prophet, as victims.
The whole family was also marked for
the slaughter, and one only at | last sur
vives — a young girl who conies to Cali
fornia disguised as a miner. The Alca
zar company should find many welcome
opportunities in the play. .
THAT the people of the Sunset dis
trict were Imbued with the impor
tance of the dedication of a place
of worship In their midst was evi
dent from the size of the throng
that - filled the Sunset Congregational
Church, which was opened with prayer
and address and the good wishes of many
of the most prominent men of the Congre
gational denomination yesterday.
There Is something of a history connect
ed with the foundation of the new church
on Ninth avenue, between K and L
streets. It originated from the gatherings
of a devout body of worshipers who met
and prayed In a small store — prayed under
the most trying circumstances, for the
rain would come in and the draughts
would bluster through the cracks, and
other uninviting conditions tempted their
loyalty. From such a foundation has
arisen the new edifice— a humble church,
certainly, but it is paid for, antj that one
Important point called forth the hearty
congratulations of the Rev. Philip
Coome, Rev. John Phillips, Rev. C. Ste-
dramas. It is long since it was produced
here and should be the medium for filling
the house to its fullest. As the . gentle
manly thief who gives his name to the
drama, Mr. Arden will have an excellent
opportunity to exhibit his talents, and the
Grand Opera-house stock ' company will
take care of the remainder of the cast.
They are named for their parts as follows:
Captain- Redwood, Edwin Arden; James
Ralston, Herschel Mayall; Baron Hartfeld,
Fred J. Butler; Louis Perclval. Gardner Crane;
Jack Ralston, Charles Waldron; Lord Drelln
court William Bernard; Mr. Chapstone, Burr
Caruth; Mr. Netherby, M. P.. John P. Wade;
Dr. Petty wise, H. D. Byers; Nina Ralston,
Laura Nelson Hall; Lady Dunscombe, . Mar
garet Terry; Mrs. Chapstone, Dona - Benrimo;
Agnes • Ralston, Lillian Albertson.
The undersigned has taken charge" of
the Bee Hive" Shoe Company, and will
Inaugurate . Thursday - the greatest sribe
sale that ever took place in this city. He
will sell, beginning on that day, ladies'
and men's high grade shoes worth $3 50
for $1 85 a pair. These shoes are all cele
brated • makes, such as the Ultra,. Burt
and Packard, made of.vici kid, kangaroo,
king kid, calfskin, patent* leather, "in
hand-sewed and' Goodyear welt, stylish
and. up-to-date." $1 85 will buy. a pair , at
the manufacturers' sale of shoes, -717 Mar
ket street, near Third. . Seth Williams,
manager.. .. • ; f. .*
A Word to the People.
"The Robin Slngij'. and "Thy Beaming
Eyes" (MacDowell); "All for You" CD'Harde
lot)- "Song of Thanksgiving" (Alltsen);' the
page's song from '.'Marriage of Figaro";
"Arlette" (Vldal): "Ii My Song Had Wings"
(Hahn): "Maids of Cadiz" (Del ibes); "I Love
Thee" and "Boat' Song" (Grieg); "Lotus
blume" (Schumann); "The glistening Dew"
(Rubinstein); ' "Serenade" ' (Richara fatrauss)
and the "Brunhllde Call" from '.'Die Walkure."
Mr. Simmons, who acts as accompanist, will
play the C sharp polonaise of Chopin.
Thursday evening's' programme , is as
follows::,' I ; '- • .'• , -X% ¦<••*>¦* ; >: .-.,
' "Serenade" (Boucher). ' VBerceuse'g (Chaml
nade) "Beloved Night'' (Bachelet). -"Elsa's
Dream" from ••Lohengrin.", "A Dedication' and
"Voices From the Forest" (Schumann), ."Cra
dle Song" from "Peer Gynt" j (Grieg). "Vio
lets" and "Going to Church" (Von Flelitz).
•?Longlng" • (Schlessinger), "Ecstasy"/ (Mrs.
Beach). "At Parting" (Rogers), "Titanla's
Cradle" (Liza Lehmanl, "Spring Song" (Oscar
Weil with violin obligato played by Miss Grace
Freeman of the Saturday Morning Orchestra),
and the grand aria from the Hungarian opera
"Laslos" (by Erkel). Mr.. Simmons', numbers
The Nordica recitals that will be given
at Metropolitan Hall this week will have
the following splendid programmes: For
to-morrow -evening: ..; - 3 ¦ . '
raine and Ho well, " novelty duo; Maxle
Mitchell, the: favorite coon shouter, and
Nellie Montgom4ry, in illustrated songs.
A series of ; nev. moving pictures will
also be shown.'/- '
The Rev. Mr. Stevens, in offering his
congratulations to the energetic members
of the church for the success that had at
tended their efforts reminded his hearers
that it was better to have a modest house
in which to pray free from incumbrance
of any kind than a great temple with a
debt over it. They read with pleasure of
occasions when mortgages on churches
were burned, but his hearers had not even
to wait for such a ceremony— they started
out free of debt, he said. He asked a
blessing for the edifice and for the pastor
arid for the people who had placed in the
Sunset district a place of worship so ad
mirably equipped. ' :
Mrs Taylor, well known in missionary
work, in the absence of her husband, the
Rev. Rainsford Taylor, delivered a /eulogy
in which she declared that the new church
was like a little paradise. ,
Professor Llovd of Berkeley delivered a
most earnest address of congratulation
Start Free of Debt.
vens, Rev. H. H. Wykoff, Rev. W. C.
Pond, Rev. F. B. Cherington, Rev. Wil
liam Rader and Rev. George C. Adams.
Professor Lloyd and Dr. Warren.
On Wednesday, February 12, at S:15 p. m. —
(a) Variations . D minor (Handel), (b) Rondo
G minor (Beethoven), (c) "Marche MUltaire"
(Schubert-Tauslgr)r • (a) r Concert E minor
(Chopin),^ (b)'Alceste (Gluck-St. .Saens), (c)
"Gnomerfreigcn," (d) - "Liebestraum," (e)
,"Meflsto Valae" (Liszt). .
For Saturday. February . 15, at 3 ' p. m. — (a)
Praeludlum ; and Fuge, . D major (Bach-d'Al
bert), (b) Rondo A moll (Mozart), (c) "Marsch
aus den Rulnen von Athen" (Beethoven-Rubin
stein), (d) Variations Serieuses (Mendelssohn);
(a) Berceuse, (b) valse A flat major, (c) valse
E minor (Chopin), (d) "Erl-Konlg," (e) "llor
genatandchen" (Schubert-Liszt), (f) Barcarolle
(Rubinstein), (g) Rhapsodle (Liszt).
The sale of seats for the extra ;Hof
mann recitals begins this morning at
Sherman-Clay Hall. The programmes
will be:
"Eliland," a story of love told in eight songs
(Von Fielltz): "A Resolve 1 ' (Fontenallles) ;
"Forever," Maude V. White; "Hedge Rose 1 '
(Schubert), "Angels Ever Bright and Fair"
(Handel). "Serenade" (Richard Strauss) and
the "Polonnaise" from "Mignon." . . •
The Saturday matinee . will include the
following numbers: ." .;
will be "Serenade" (Moszkowskl) and "Polish
Dance" (Scharwenka).'.. ~ \ . .
' Among those who took part in the cere
monies of dedication were Mrs. W. H.
Jones, Mrs. A. Harrington, Mrs. W. H.
Hoyt, Mrs. J.-E. Clark, Mrs. Belle. Moler,
Mrs. E. Cox, Mrs. ¦ S. Hunn, Mrs. C. J.
Tooker, Mrs. Martha Sherman, - Mrs. E.
H. Sherman, Mrs." C.J. Cheeney, Mrs. R.
Isenbruck, Mrs. 'P. Proll, Mrs. M. Mol
drup, Mrs. Bessie Burr, Mrs. W. H. Jones,
Mrs. V. Hogan, Miss Grace Statham, Miss
Ruth Allen, Miss Eliza Chalmers, . Mrs.
George Chapin, Mrs. William Rader and
Mrs. John Phillips.
The trustees of the new church are Ed
ward Ewald, George H. Makinson.W. H.
Jones, A. Harrington and "William Alexi
ander. The choir Is composed of Mrs. L.
A. -Larsen, Mrs; B. L. Hoff, Mrs. €. H.
Souther, Mrs. "W. B. Higginbotham, Mrs.
R. C. Schafft, W. A. Hoyt, A. Harring
ton, B. L. ;Hoff and W. Alexander. Mrs.
Alexander- is organist and Mrs. S. E.
Sherwood cornetist. The deaconesses <aro
Mrs. G. H. Makinson and Mrs. Sylvia
Hart.
conducted by the Rev. Huber Burr of the
Ocean View Congregational Church. Thus
the reverend gentleman will divide hi3
services between the two districts.
A friendly rivalry is expected to result
from this plan and thus tend to make the
fair a great success. There will be hun
dreds of pots of shamrock for sale, so
that all the Irish may have one.
Committees from representatives of va
rious Irish counties were appointed to
take charge of the affair.
The members Of St. Peter's parish held
a meeting last night with a view toward
starting; interest In a big church fair. Th5s
fair is to be given at Mechanics' Pavilion
as soon as arrangements can be made by
the people of St. Peter's Church for the
purpose of raisins enough money to pay
off the debt on the priest's new house,
and also to build a new school, to be
known as St. Peter's School. It Is In
tended to make this Institution the first
to teach the -Irish language, and place It
on ' an equal footing with those now
taught In public schools.
There will be thirty-two booths, which
will almost cover the entire ¦ lower floor
of the Pavilion, representing the thirty
two counties of Ireland. Each booth' is
to be superintended by a native of the
county it represents.
Counties in Ireland Will Cover
mechanics' Pavilion Floor.
Booths Representing Thirty -Two
ST. PETER'S CHURCH
TO HAVE A. BIO FAIIt
During the evening an excellent musical
programme was rendered. In which MlS3
Delvalle, Miss Sater, Miss Belle Rosen
thai, Rev. Cantor Solomon, Professor
Dellapiane and the choir . of the syna
gogue took part. Next Sunday evening
Rabbi Myers will lecture on "Judaism
and Paganism."
If Jews, Christians and Mohammedans could
only have known how much they had in com
mon none of these rings would ever have been
thrown Into the fierce fires of fanaticism and
hatred and forged into fetters of oppression
and persecution. Each of the rings ought
rather to be considered as links of the same
golden chain which at once unites the- owners
I to one - another as brothers on earth and to
their common father In heaven, until the time
shall arrive when the exclusive rings of all
sects will be melted in the sacred flames of
universal love.
I Thus the Jewish philosopher, Maimonldes, in
the twelfth century, though persecuted by Is
lam, said that the teachings of Christ and of
Mohammed tended to bring to perfection -all
mankind, so that they may serve God with one
consent. Similarly the great Jewish poet and
philosopher, Jehudah - Halevi, observed that
these religions are the preparation and | the
preface to the Messianic time, when all men
will be fruit of God's seed when they acknowl
edge him. and all become one mighty tree.
The German poet Leasing- typified these three
creeds In his famous apologue of the three
rings. The Judge advised each of the three
sons claiming to be in possession of the true
ring left by their father to be satisfied with
his own ring and to prove to the world that
in his ring he had the prize, its virtues being
shown to man in meekness, justice and mercy
to God in love and heartfelt trust.
Similarly he spoke in the highest terms
of praise of the noble doctrines taught in
the Koran. The three creeds by differ
ent methods, Judaism, by exercising un
paralleled patience, endurance and fidel
ity, the other two by active missionary
efforts, had been fulfilling their. common
mission to bring ultimately all mankind
into the pale of Monotheism, and univer
sal brotherhod. They harmoniously unit
ed In spreading: the light of religion and
the laws of love* among mankind, & light
emanating from the central sun, the faith
of Abraham, the first patriarch, the friend
of God, the, first true Moslem. In con
clusion, the speaker said: .1
Rabbi Myers paid a high compliment
to the self-sacrificing Christian mission
aries, especially the early Christians, who
in the pagan world overturned the altars
reeking with innocent blood, closed the
dens ot infamy and proclaimed the com
mon origin and universal brotherhood of
mankind, and referred to the wonderful
progress Christianity has made in the
world.
The moral teachings In the Hebrew Bible
were developed by the rabbis after the Baby
lonian exile into the grandest system of ethics,
based upon the law of universal love, which in
its broad outlines found its way subsequently
into the N«w Testament. The sermon on the.
mount, for\ example, with one or two excep
tions, contains so many echoes of the sublime
sentiments expressed in the schools of the
Pharisees, just as what is called the "Lord's
Prayer" is but a compilation of phrases fovmd
in the Jewish liturgy and literature.. Chris
tianity, in a word, ia 'merely rabbinical Juda
ism nodifled to suit the sons' ot the Aryan
race, just as Mohammedanism may be re
garded as ' rabbinical Judaism adapted to the
requirements of the children of the desert and
the Orient.
t . ' "-.¦.-¦ . ¦ . . ¦ ¦ j ¦ _ . __ |
"The Crown, the Cross and the Cres
cent" formed the subject of a lecture de
livered by Rabbi Isidore Myers in the
Bush-street Synagogue last night before
u large audience. Rabbi Myers'endeav
ored to shorr the origin, nature, achieve
ments and mission, as well as the jnutual
relationship of v Judatem, Christianity and
Mohammedanism, each claimingfto teach
a belief in one God, and to inculcate the
highest morality.' Rabbi Myers said:
Two Services Every Sunday.
Dr. George C. T Adams told of the satis
faction that the foundation of the church
in that district' had given, not alone to
himself, but to those with whom he was
closely, identified. He handed in some pro
ceeds cf a 'collection that he had made
that morning, and called upon those pres
ent tq- assist in even, now enlarging the
edifice by an addition of a room. The ap
peal was quickly responded to, donations
to the amount of $220 being given in with
in a few minutes.
Sunset Congregational Church- will have
two services every Sunday. The morning
exercises will be devoted entirely to Sun
day school., The evening service will be
and said that the achievement of those
¦who had built the church was worthy of
emulation. Though-it was a modest edi
fice they had the satisfaction to know that
they. owned it. >It had been built through
the fidelity of a few faithful souls. It was
always the few, . he said, that brought
about great changes in the workl. It was
the handful that'did the greatest things.
The Rev. W. C. Pond expressed the
gratitude he felt at being with that con
gregation on such an auspicious occasion.
He prophesied greater things for Sunset
Church than had even been achieved that
day. ¦¦¦.¦' . i .
Dr. Frank P. "Woodbury of the Ameri
can-Missionary Association, New. York
City, extended the warm fellowship of the
Bastern churches to Sunset congregation.
Explains Relationship of Ju
/ claism, Christianity and
Mohammedanism.
Rabbi Myers Lectures at
the Bush-Street Syn
agogue.
SHOWS ORIGIN
OF RELIGIONS
SUNSET CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
RECEIVES HOLY CONSECRATION
Hundreds. Flock to the Modest Hoii|||of Worship, Which Stands] in Close
Proximity to the Affiliated Colleges and Nearby Golden Gate Park.
Cl ef gy nfen Pro m i n e n t Here and in New York Attend Simple Ceremohies
CYCLISTS PROVE
BIG ATTRACTION
Whirlers at the Orpheum
Furnish Audience
Excitement. - ...
Well Received at the
California.
"The Pride of Jennico" Is
The "great cycle whirl" is still the star
attraction at the Orpheum and It will be
long before they get another at the O'Far
rell-street house to equal it in interest
"Every known law of gravity is defied,"
as the programme gayly announces, and
seemingly several other laws that are yet
unknown. The two performers spin
round the almost perpendicular sides of a
huge wooden cup at tremendous speed and
at all sorts of impossible angles." One of
them, this week does a disrobing act while
cycling In this dizzy fashion, to the signal
admiration of the audience. There is the
half-mile' race round this queer track,
done last night in 1 minute and 9 seconds,
that alone is worth the price, and various
other hair-raising stunts.
Josephine Sabel, another kind ot
"whirl," is also a strong favorite left over
from last week's bill. Miss Sabel has new
songs, new jokes and a new gown and her
audience is with her all the time.
A new act, one of the neatest and dain
tiest animal turns that have been seen
here, is that done by Reichen's dogs, a
miniature greyhound and a tiny fox ter
rier. They do some wonderful balancing.
Adelina Roattino, another newcomer, has
a pleasing voice and a repertoire that
ranges from | a coloratura waltz song to
"Listen to the Band." Tne Faust trio do
some good work in a stupid setting; Kelly
and Violette please in new songs, and the
Da Coma family closes another good bill
not forgetting the biograph.
If the California Theater is not kept
crowded during the week's run of "The
Pride of Jennico" it will be surprising.
Judging from the reception of the play
last night, it promises to be one of the
big drawing attractions of the year. The
playwrights. Abbey Sage Richardson and
prace Livingston Furness, have done ad
mirable dramatization from the stirring
novel of Agnes and Egerton Castle.
The story deals with love and intrigue
and gives the audience all the excite
ment of the orthodox melodrama, but
with royal and noble personages, baronet
hero and princely villain for characters.
A Princess changes places with another
fair dame that she may the more surely
win the man of her choice, Basil Jennico,
and confounds those who would compel
her to join hands with her hated suitor,
the Prince of Lusatia.
Basil Jennico is a valiant lover, just
the kind of gallant for whom the roman
tic maiden -would sigh and the matinee
girl pine. Xot that he is in any way
superior to any other mortal, but* the
playwrights have given Basil the rare
opportunity of fighting his way to gain
his bride with the aid of glittering sword
and stout knuckled fist.
Rarely has an audience been worked
up to such a pitch of excitement as
toward the end of the third act of this
unique play. Swords crossed, and men
fell, villains steeped in crime were wiped
off the earth's surface with realism that
almost brought the big house to its feet,
and when the curtain fell there were
plaudits such as are seldom heard in
these days of ultra-polite drama.
I And not only is "The Pride of Jennico",
an admirable play, but, what is Just as
important, the cast is admirable and,
more, there is a leading lady who is a
leading lady in the person of Miss Frances
Neilson, who reminds one of Maud Adams <
in appearance ana also in many ' of
those characteristics that are so charming
in the heroine of "The Little Minister."
Miss Neilson was a surprise. She Is emo
tional without the affectations which are
to-day too common in the stage heroine.
Miss Jseilson and "Wallace Worsley. the
Basil Jennico, shared the honors. The
company Is a large one in number and
also large In dramatic capacity. Brigands
and gypsies, guards and nobles meet in
deadly combat There are plots and
counter plots until the onlooker wonders
what can be the next sensation that is
to be served up. And with it all there are
no commonplace heroics or vulgar melo
dramatics. The -whole is so neatly nut to
gether that one never loses the atmos
phere of polite society, though there are
gypsies and other itinerant villains to deal
with. t
The scenery is excellent, the costumes
elaborate, and the whole production de
eep-lng of the unstinted applause it re
ceived last night. . •
Miss Viola Allen, an old San Francisco
favorite, and now a star of the first mag
nitude, will present "In the Palace of the
King" at the Columbia Theater this and
next week- The story of the play runs on
these lines:- „
Don John of Austria loves Dolores de ¦ Men
doza, the daughter of the captain of the house
hold guards In his brother's palace. He goes
to the wars of Granada, and returns crowned
with laurels to meet his sweetheart. The
Kins opposes the match and plots to separate
the lovers. Dolores defies her father, and
Don John his brother the King-, and after sev
eral dramatic scenes the lovers finally triumph.
It Is said that Miss Allen nan never been pro
vided with a role which better suits her varied
powers than Dolores de Mendoza.
The actress is surrounded by a fine com
pany of over sixty people. The scenery
and costumes are described as being of
unusual splendor.
The Grand Opera House has a strong
attraction this week in "Jim the Pen
man," one of the most powerful of melo-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJJ, MONDAY; FEBRUARY 3, 1902.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE DANDRUFF.
It Is Necessary That the Dandruff
Germ . Be Eradicated.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect." Kill the germ that causes dan-
druff. falling hair and baldness, you will
have no more dandruff and your hair
must gTow luxuriantly. Herpicide not
only contains the dandruff germ destroy-
er, but it Is also a most delightful hair
dressing for regular toilet use. No other
hair preparation is on this scientific
basis of destroying' the dandruff germ,
and none other claims to be, for the sim-
ple reason that it Is only recently that a
destroyer of the germ has been discov-
ered— Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair
preparation that actually kills dandruff.
AMUSEMENTS.
g|g^ RAGING
~-gj£iS"^^^jfi*» L very Week Day —
¦ Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
i Races etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Kuy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ean Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track i at 4:15
and 4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last
face. ¦ ¦:-.¦- ..-•¦•'
¦ . THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. :
CHAS. V. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. '
HOFFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST .
TWO R-XLTre/* Rr CITALS.
NIHHT OF WfiDM-KDAV,--,
mull 1 FEBRUARY 12. .
•>l/\ I mLL FEBRUARY 13.
AT METROPOLITAN HALL.
Seats, $2 to 60c, at Sherman & Clay's. j
"ALL ANXIOUS™"™
•Tfl-HPIP '?
v IV IILLI .
About forty of our city pastors > met at
the Young Men's Christian Association
.Wednesday afternoon. January 29, to dis-
cuss the building canvass. George, C. Ad-
ams, D. D., offered the following resolu-
tion, which was unanimously passed:
"We, the pastors of San Francisco, ex-
press our high sense of appreciation of
the valuable work of the Young Men'a
Christian Association . of this city, ami
take pleasure in recording our unqualified
indorsement of its wise and successful
management, believing it to be one of the
•most potent factors forf ood among thu
young men and youth of San Francisco;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That inasmuch as the associa-
tion will reach its fiftieth anniversary in
1903 it is of the greatest importance that
the' indebtedness on Its property be paid-
ini ord^r. that the building* may be dedi-
cated free of ill incumbrances during the
Association's Jubilee year; and be it fur-
ther
Resolved. That we pledge our sympathy
and as far as practicable our hearty co-
operation, and we believe that 'the Im-
portance of this movement should glvu
the Association precedence ln Its already
organized effort ' to bring < about" this de-
eired result on or before the " time it
reaches its fiftieth milestone;. .
i5a| Rill 09% Ammunition . - and Sporting;
H Bfl ill tt ¦¦Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
I_B 1 iljfl est Prices. Until close of
B HB linn 9 hunt'ng season will offer
i yiwll w euns at reduced price*
i':^^-^^,. Send '¦ for catalotme.
! ' ' . 8HRBVB * BAB33B C3..
I , 739M»ristSi and 5U Kiiray Et
— — — _ — . __ _. — j— — . . _
This signatnre is on every box of tho genuino.
% Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets ¦ :
th* resiedy that cures a cold ia ono clax, i
! . ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPH ONE fl JS VRjtf
222-224 S UTTER ST.
Best Goods — Lowest Market Prices.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
O.K. WHISKY, 10 Years Old.
Ree. $1 bot 73c— 3 hots $::.<)<>
R»K. $4 gal.. !S::.«M>
Absolute purity guaranteed.
RYE WHISKY, "Hermitage," 1889,
Reg. $ 8 C(V-ljjt4.3O gallon
Reg. $1 50— $1.15 bottle
CLARET. A9OO R d e t 3 ob 50c WInc " 35c gal
"KONA'.' COFFEE, reg. J5c- ft 20c
Roasted and ground fresh daily.
MUSHROOMS (Cb J a a^So 3 t -s ons) '
Finest Reg. 30c 23c tin
imported. Reg. £J.5O. .$2.OO doz.
ROYANSALAVATEL, 1 ?!! 12|c tin
Sardines in oil with pickles and truffles.
TOMATOES, ;£!£?&: Itins50c
Reg. 10c tin.
MAPLE SUGAR, Teg, 20c, 1 cakel5c
Genuine Vermont.
HORSERADISH MUSTARD, jar 15c
"Bayle's." Reg. 20c.
DEVILED DAM.'S fl *S; large tins 15c
For sandwiches.
SMELLING SALTS, X™38l bot 25c
Almond Toilet Soap, 3-cake box 25c
"Colgate's." <Reg. 35c.
Softens the skin.
MRS. BEST'S SAD-IRONS, set $1.15
Latest improved.
Set 3. Reg. $1.50.
Stationary Curtain Stretchers, $1.65
Easel back. Reg. |2.
FOLDING IRONING BOARDS, $1.15
Reg. $ 1.50.
f IJiAJK "VELASQUEZ" or "ARA-
UUAK3 CONA." lecders In Key
West Cigars.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
specialists
j |w Men
J^^P* Largest Practice
-^y^^^^ on the
tt \\Fyl # Pacifi c Coast.
Dr.TaIcottSrCo>
; Many Men Treated for a Weak*
j ness Which Never Existed.
IN THE LARGEST PROPORTION O»
casea or lost Titallty. prematurertesa and th«
I train of symptoms known as "weakness," cer-
j tain morbid conditions of the urethra and pros,
tate gland, damaged by early dissipation, toa
! often reDeatea and too Ionsr continued excite-
! ment «o react on the organs that, a condition
or diminished vitality and function is induced.
Our knowledge ot the morbid changes In th*
; organs themselves la quite clear and full, but
I how these qhangea operate on the nerves and
[ spinal cord center are mysteries to the medl-
; cai profession. Whatever the morbid chang»
I may b«. however, the effects ars apparent ta
: the embarrassed rafferer: these troubles betas
symptomatic o* tho above mentioned and well-
; defined roorb'd conditions, it seems that even
the unprofessional patient must understand
that stomach drugging will not cure, but ef-
; rorta directed toward repairing the damaged
; tract will restore. In practice such is th«
case, aa the treatment on these lines never
fails to accomplish the desired result. Colored
chart of the organs sent on application.
Portland Office: 250£ Alder St., Cor. 3d.
| San Francisco Office.' 997 Market, Cor, 6ft.
It is the Best Toilet Soap made. A wondefco
¦kin curative. Best for the complexion. Bes'
for the bath. Best for the baby. Best for th»
hair. Large cakes 15c. Trial size 6c.; all drug
gists'. Munyon's Remedies are positive cure*
Advice and Guide to Health free by mail.
Munyon, New York sod Philadelphia.
KUITOFS IHHAIJS cnEB3 CITABBI.
• ''-'•''- '''¦¦' -
i» >rfSRS%f<i>i rt E te *J fa a non-potamotia
.^J^BB^BM^^Ag remedy for Uonorrh««.,
S^ 3 P°rmatorrhosm,
/m$r CUntS >Sj Whites, uanatnral dis-
£uf in 1 to 5 i%ju \* charges, or any inflamms.-
MjSkW Gnar»oteed t» ** tion. Irritation or ulcera-
Bhi A Prtrent eonmiaa. t*«n o' m neons mem-
b^| T u F c v . N , pupu.rn Pn bran08 -
, -wncuv v. s. ¦»- by express, prepaid, for
fi.CO, or 3 bottles, (3.73.
Tfc^lBJagsPffigyJI Circular tent on reaasat.
MARKET SLSl**&£f
H0TABY, PUBLIO AHD ATTOaNST-AT-tAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Main DSJ.
Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. J.imea 13)1.
fll rr nnUS I Corner Fourth and
I A L L U I I V ft I Ma 1 *"- s - «*. Try
I U r T M 1 1 I U I our Special Brew.
UHI L IIUIHL fr^ve a r D c d oa^aS
'¦'•¦'¦ valises checked frea
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
* OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
; on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
I fll II Cf IV A f \ 900 Battery Street
J- I- W IfcJUll g L J- ¦ Telephone Mala 186k
I^IRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ RftYFSIitrft Shipping lintchers. J0»
JAJ- DUICJtttU Ci«y. Tel. Mam 12»*.
OILS. ~" "
LUBRICATIXG OILS. 1 LEONARD .% ELLI3.
• -418 Front «t.. S. F. -Phone Main 171'J.
' PRINTING..
F f HfTfiHFS PRLVTER.
E- V UUUnO v, . on Sansome St.. 3. ?.
— «ft « — -
printersTbookbinders
THE H1CKS-JUDI> CO.. .
'£1 First . »tr»et. S»n Fmik-Iim.
WgbMit Call $L00 ot Tear
AJSrrjSEMENTS.
AN ARUSficlRiUMPH !
This Week Only.
Matinee Saturday.
THE EVEXT OF THE THEATRICAL TEAR
FIKFT TIMB HERE.
JAMES K. HACKETT'S «rcat Komantlc '
Success,
The Pride of Jennico
Original Scenery and Costumes. A Powerful
Cast.
SKATS READY'
Nm-CHARLIjS DALTOX
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS
Seats Thursday.
a vaudevillFwhirlwindi j
Jidelina Eoattino; Reichens' Hand-
Balancing Dogs; Victor Jerome;
..Lottie Fremont and Harry W.
Welch.; Sabel; Kelly and Violette;
Jordan and Crouch; The Da Coma
Family; The Biograph, and Last
Week of the Great Cycle Whirl.
Keserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
f*A! IIBUSBE A suHran
vUIbUIIIbBM IEMKN9 THEATRE
BEGINNING TO-XIGHT.
Every Xisht Except Sunday. ;
MATINEE SATURDAT. ,
And Company, Presenting
Lorimer Sto<Jdard's Dramatiiation of F. Marlon
Crawford's Historic Novel.
"In the Palace of the King."
Prices for Miss Alien's en^aeement — $2. $1.50,
$1, 75c, 50c, 25c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATIXEE SATURDAT AT 2 SHARP!
Second Week of the Tremendous Success,
THE
"THE TOVTS IS FLOCKIXG TO SEE HIM."
Next Opera — "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, SOc ana 75c
Telephone — Bush 9. #
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles Young's Celebrated Drama, \
"Jim The Penman."
One of the Strongest Plays Ever Written.
. POPITLAR PRICES 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Scats All Matinees 25c
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN IX
"RAGLAN'S WAY."
Belasco & Thall Managers
Beginning To-night. MONDAY,
The Darcstes
"A Romance of California."
The Representative Western Drama.
California in the Stirring Days of 1S49.
Beautiful Scenes of the Sierrai.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c, 60c and 75e.
Next Week — "THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
BELASCOA"BTHALCS* f j.iW&
Theater Thoroughly Heated "With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Thrilling Melodrama,
Master and Man.
A Remarkable Play With a
Wonderful Romance.
PRICES — Evenings, 10c. 15c 50c. Matinee*
ilOc. 15c, 25c. ' '
Next Week— "A YOUNG WIFE."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Nambas and Alf Holt, direct
from the Orpheum; Loraine and
Eowell; TVTaxie Mitchell; Thomas
Arm and; Nellie Montgomery.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
Thnrsday Nfcht— THE AMATEURS.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
I ( v^B'^&I^bbSBHA ii I EEjESa
O l I^^^M VI^Jh V ill III EuHOn
It 53 ' I .J till A iWi . l^rP a Tr*^HJB^^^^BHt
K 1,5 I n I '^ MaWKFVf'* B***3 I P^5
ri:ertion ef Alfred Brarler ud Will L. Grettbaam.
NORDICA.
THREE SONG RECITALS
TO-MORROW and Thursday XigbU and
Saturday Afternoon.
RESERVED SEATS— fi, f2 and $3. Now
en tale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'b.
PALACE and 1
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European platft.
Weekly Cail,$l.GO per YearSOME WELL-KNOWN FOLLOWERS OF COURSING WHOM CARICATURIST WARREN SAW IN AND ABOUT THE
BETTING RING YESTERDAY . AT UNION PARK WHEN HIGH-CLASS GREYHOUNDS \^ERE STRUGGLING
FOR THE MASTERY IN TWO IMPORTANT STAKES. v . *
Brakeman Is Severely Injured.
VENTURA, Feb. 2.— Louis J. Schnack-
Transfer of Timber Land Jn Northern
Counties Made to a Large
Corporation.
REDDING, Feb. 2.— The transfer of 40,
000 acres of pine lands in Tehama. Butte
and Plumas counties to the Diamond
Match Company has just . been closed.
Fred H. Dakln of Berkeley was Interme
diary between the land owners ot these
northern counties and the match manu
facturing concern. Every bit of the tim
ber will be converted into match blocks
and shipped East, where it will be fed into
making machines and issue in the form of
"parlor" matches to be marketed abroad.
TEEES WILL FURNISH
WOOD FOR MATCHES
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 2.— During the twen
ty-four hours ending at 5 p. m. to-day the
rainfall was .08 of an inch. A little more
has fallen since that time, and it con
tinues cloudy to-night.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 2.— About .30
of an Inch of rain fell this morning and
as the wind is still in the southeast it will
probably rain again to-night. It com
menced raining at 7 o'clock this morning
"and continued until noon. The precipita
tion following the rains of last week bene
fits the farmers immensely.
To-day's rain will be of great benefit to
pasturage, which had been revived by
previous showers during the past two
weeks. The temperature has risen con
siderably during the past twenty-four
hours and there seems to be no reason to
fear further frosts, for they present at
least. .
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2.— A warm, gen
tle rain began' falling shortly after noon
to-day and continued for two ' hours. A
total of .14 of an inch was recorded up to
5 p. m., making the rainfall for the season
4.13 inches. Indications are favorable for
showers to-night.
Gentle Showers in the
South of' ft Great
z Advantage.
RAIN BENEFITS
THE PASTURE
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 3.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ... . From.. Duel"
M. Dollar.... San Pedro Fei> a
Mandalay Coqullle River F B h" •«
Rival Willapa Harbor ....." Feb T
Pleiades Seattle : ' plx' ¦.
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Hadlock .. * Feb 4
Fulton Grays Harbor ..Feb" 4
Arcata Coos Bay & pt. Orford Feb" 4
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... Feb 4
Pomona..... Humboldt f-.k* I
G. W. Elder. Portland &. Astoria. "Feb 4
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports" Feb" 4
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria... Feb 5
Alliance. .... Portland & Way Ports'. Feb! 6
Tucapel .. Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb 5
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma ... F e b" r.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma v<.k* k
Argo.. Coquille River ....*.!" Feb I
Nome City... San Pedro ;..T F eh %
Eureka...... Humboldt .........; Feb C
City Puebla:. Puget Sound Ports *" Feb* «
Spokane. San Diego & Way Ports' IFeb" «
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena i.... FpH ft
Crescent City Crescent City """Feb «
Acapulco.... Panama. & Way PoVts! Feb! 7
Doric China tc Japan.... f«k 7
Bonlta. '...;.. Newport & Way Port's" P*b" A
Lajcme. Portland & Aston*.??: pSfc I
Columbia Portland & Astoria • Feb a
Hyades...... Honolulu & Kahulul...'! Feb" 9
Sequoia Grays Harbor ...... Feb »
North Fork. . Humboldt . • P eb io
Queen ....... Puget Sound Ports I'.'.'.'. Feb/ 1 1
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports P«b. '. 1 1
Alameda. : . . rHonolulu . .:.*..-.- Feb. II'
TO SAIL.
Sun . rlsef.'.' .' .'. . .". ........'. :". . . ..". .'. 1 ...... . .7:13
Sun sets .5:35
Moon rises .3:10 a. _m.
O ' Time ¦ Time ¦ -~ Time ¦ ; : Time
> Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
• L\W ,_ ... H W L W V H W
3. 1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9:44 4^0
4' 1:58 2.0 8:18 6.1 3:14 0.2 10:25 4.3
.5: 2:46 2.9 9:00 5.1 3:50 0.0 11:01 4.4
¦ 6 3:31 2.9 9:40 "6.2 4:26-^0.111:36 4.6
7, 4:14 2.8 10:21 5.3 6:01—0.1
. H ,W - L. \V H W L W .
8 0:09 4.7 4:55 2.6 10:58 5.2 5:37 0.1
• 9 0:36 4.8 5:30 2.3 11:41 '5.1 6:13 . OM
10 1:07 .4.9 6:22 2.1 12:19 5.0 6:49 0.7
' NOTE — In the . above exposition of the tides
Steamer. ;Destlnatlon. Sails. I Pier.
' .•- * February 3. . i
S.Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. io amlPler 2
Expensive Fire Averted.
Because the State employes occupying
Sunday, February , 2. .
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 50 hours - from Coos
Bay. ¦'..,,-.-... , . ........ ¦.
• • Stmr Homer, . Donaldson, 42 hours from San
Pedro. RBBHBEBBBmSSBI
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Fireman, Erickson of , the tug Rescue
had his hair and whiskers removed yes
terday by an explosion of oil gas on board
that vessel. He will be on the retired list
for about a week. v .
Explosion on the Rescue.
Several months ago a gasoline launch
belonging to Captain Wing- of Stockton
was stolen from its moorings at the Mill
City. .The efforts of the police failed to
locate either thieves or booty until a few
days ago, when the launch was discovered
at San Pedro. . It was brought up yester
day on the deck of the steam schooner
Acme, and will to-day be turned^over to
Captain Wing.
After Many Days.
T. W. Bailey of CIO Mission street was
very drunk when he dropped into the Har
bor Hospital yesterday and asked Dr.
Pigglns to take: a stitch or two in a few
lacerated wounds he had accumulated on
his scalp. He refused to be stitched, how
ever,, when he .found .that, it would be
.necessary to have his head shaved ln the
vicinity of the various cuts. He found a
sunny lumber pile and was asleep when
Policeman Mullender ; discovered / him.
Will Enjoin the Hospital.
J. Johnson, cook on the towboat Reli
ance and for many years. jn the employ
of" the Spreckels Towboat Company, has
been missing since Friday evening and is
supposed to have been drowned. Johnson
was last seen about 8:30 o'clock Friday
evening, when he entered the Oceanic
dock and told the watchman at the gate
that he was going to turn in. He walked
away in the direction of the Reliance's
berth and has not been seen since. The
tide was low at the time, and to get on
board the tug Johnson would have had to
descend a ladder. It is supposed that he
lost his footing, fell into the bay and was
swept away by the tide. He was sober
when he bade good-night to the watch
man. •_ ¦:,->.
Supposed to Have Been Drowned.
Four big merchantmen are in the stream j
heavily laden with the golden grain of\'
California and all ready for the long voy- I
age to Europe. Three of them, the Brit- !
ish ships Afghanistan and Invercoe and :
the Italian bark Zllia, will sail to-day, i
The fourth, the British ship Craigerne, is ,
detained indefinitely owing to the serious
illness of her skipper, Captain McBryde, i
who is confined at St. Mary's Hospital
with an attack of pleurisy. \>
All Beady for Sea.
Pirates at the Mail Dock.
Policeman Mackeyhad an exciting chase
yesterday morning after a • boatload of
bay pirates, who were detected robbing a
barge alongside the Pacific ' Mail dock.
The pirates escaped up the Brannan-^treet
newer, and Mackey ruined his ' Sunday
uniform in the fruitless chase. When dis
turbed the thieves rowed their boat
under the wharf. Mackey chambered
down a pile Into another, craft
and followed. The. pirates' bafit was
long and narrow and they thoroughly un
derstood the intricacies of under-wharf
navigation. Mackey had selected a -big
boat, and his acquaintance with the Man
dock was confined to . the top side. He
managed to follow, however, and was in
hot pursuit, when the pirate -craft disap
peared in the mouth of the sewer. Mackey
followed, fired two shots and then estab
lished a blockade. While he was block
ading, however, the pirates were sculling
their boat to where the Brannan-street
sewer meets the sewer emptying at King
street. They escaped by way of the lat
ter exit.
THE new passenger steamship Spo
kane started yesterday on her
maiden voyage. She is bound for
Los Angeles, and carried much
freight and a large number of
passengers. The loss of the Walla Walla
hastened the commissioning of the Spo
kane, and she commences her business ca
reer without the glory of extended trial
trips, time being too precious for more
than a short spin around the bay. This
first trip, however, will combine all the
elements of a thorough trial. Robert For
syth of the Union Iron Works is on board
on behalf of the builders, and between
here and Los Angeles the Spokane will
be put through all her paces. Her speed
will be tested over the battleship course
in the Santa Barbara channel, and by the
time she returns to San Francisco the Pa
<inc Coast Steamship Company will know
all about the latest addition to the fleet. -
"I'll have an Injunction on them hos
pital'fellows; I'll get damages for my
hair, and I'll compel Cap Wittman to
teach his men that taking a snooze along
the beach is no halrcutting offense. Just
telephone to Riordan." \
Bailey was taken away : in the patrol
wagon, but on the way to the police sta
tion a call was made at. the hospital,
where the (sleeping man was shorn, shaved
and stitched. When he awoke he asked
that a message be sent to his friend, Tom
Riordan. | • . ¦ .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦_ COOS BAY— Arrived Feb' 1— Stmr Arcata.
hence Jan 3O. V " . • ;.«.'
BANDON— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Mandalay.
for San Francisco. ¦: / ' '
8EATTLE— Arrived Feb 1— Stmr Progreso,
hence Jan 28; stmr City of Seattle, from Skag
way. -..-¦¦ ¦ T - , ¦ ' ' ¦- " •--¦-. -.. ¦
SAN PEDRO-^AVrlved . Feb 2— Stmr Coos
Bay, hence Jan 30: stmr Meteor, from Eureka.
Sailed Feb . 2— Stmr ' Santa Cruz, for • • San
Francisco; stmr Coos Bay, j for -San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 1— Schr . R
W Bartlett, hence Jan 21. i
. EUREKA — Arrived 7 Feb 2— Stmr. Pomona,
1.' ,». . ¦;<-;.
• ASTORIA — Sailed • Feb' 2— Stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco; /•¦¦
TACOMA — Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Santa Ana,
from San Francisco. ' • .-¦ ¦ -•".
. Sailed Feb • 2— Stmr Neptune, for St Vin
cent; ship Glenalvln, for Queenstown. . ' -.
:. FOREIGN, PORTS. . ,
'ADEN— Arrived Feb 1— Br stmr Teenkal,
from Seattle. • ¦ .". ••-... <
POINT LOBOS, Feb 2, 10 p m— Weathei
hazy; wind NE, .velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
; ¦; ' -,\ SAILED." ' • . ifr
Sunday, February 2. .
, Stmr Spokane, Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr South Portland, Sears, for Astoria,
Stmr Columbia, Doran. for Astoria. ¦ ;
Bark R P Rithet. McPhall. for Honolulu.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, forJHbnolulu.
Bktn Encore, Palmgren, for Astoria. . v - „¦-¦'..
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, for Uaga. ¦
; Schr Queen, Nielsen, for Grays Harbor.
¦ Schr James A Garfleld. McCarren, for Grays
Harbor. • - ¦ . ; = . ; : ..
t Schr Newark, Cranele. for Stewarta Point.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 13 hours from
Point Arena. : # •
Stmr. Phoenix, Orland, 15 hours from Mendo
clno., ¦ .
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 69 hours from
Grays Harbor.. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦
Stmr State of California, Swanson,- 41 hours
from/ San - Diego and way, ports.
Stmr Acme, ; LtfndQuist, 44 hours from San
Pedro. _B .; ¦ - • -i • , ->-
Stmr Del Norte"," Green, 44 hours from San
Pedro. -;i ..-' r. >. ¦ .
Stmr Santa' Barbara.'- Zaddart, 24 hours from
Eureka. ¦ . .. •¦
Bark Carondelet, Faxe, 8 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega. . . ¦
Schr Ida McKay. Lethola, 3 days from Eu
reka. . — ¦ ¦ ¦¦" • ' ¦ : ¦ . .
the wharfinger's office at the foot of Fre
mont street left. a big fire in their stove
when they took their departure on Satur
day night several million dollars' .worth
ot property had a narrow escape from de
struction by fire. The stove became red
hot, and when Special Policeman Fitzger
ald passed the place about 7 o'clock the
interior was ablaze. With the assistance
of tile proprietor of a near-by saloon and
some longshoremen the fire was confined
to . the little wooden building, and extin
guished by the time the department ar
rived. Piled on the wharves around this
office is lumber And coal and alongside the
wharves many valuable vessels, all of
which would probably, have furnished fuel
for the flames but for the timely discov
ery of Special Officer Fitzgerald. He saved
the books and rescued two uniforms from
destruction.
. NOTE — The high and ¦ low waters occur at
the ¦ city i front . (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve | minutes | later than at ¦ Fort ¦ Point ;
the height of tide , is the ' same at . both places.
¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool, for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed Feb 2— Stmr La Gaacogne,
for New- York.- - '+ ¦¦¦
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Kenslnc
ton, from .Antwerp and Southampton; stmr
L'Aquitalne, ¦ from Havre; stmr Phoenecla.
from Hamburg and Boulogne; stmr Rheln,
from Bremen; stmr St Louis, from Southamp
ton and Cherbourg. A
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Feb 2— Stmr
Chlng -Wo," from Glasgow and Liverpool, , via
Singapore and Hongkong, for ' Yokohama and
Seattle. . ¦-.¦¦: .
SUEZ — Arrived Feb 2 — Stmr Glenfarlng,
from Seattle and Tacoma, via Hlogo. Shang
hai,- etc., for London. ¦..-. , . . ¦¦¦ .-.- \.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Philadel
phia, from Southampton, for New York. .
MALTA — Passed Feb 2— Stmr Athesia. from
Yokohama, Shanghai, Hongkong, Singapore,
etc.. for New York. y
HAMBURG— Arrived prior to Feb 2 — Stmr
Memphis, from Seattle, Tacoma and San
Francisco, via Valparaiso, St. Vincent, C. V.;
etc. .'..••¦-. ' . . ¦ .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times, and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to •• San
; Francisco -Bay. Published by official au
thority or the Superintendent.' ¦ .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Que«n,
hence Jan 31; Br stmr Glenesk, from Shang
hai. \ . '
Steamer j Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
tho early morning tides are riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ln
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by tho
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
oteamer. j For. I. Sails."
City Seattle. . Skagway & Wav Port* jt-k \
Al-Kl........ Skagway & Way ?or t ?Ib $
DlrlKO Skacway & TVav Pors FVh %
Bertha Valdex & Way Pom IFeb 7
Dolphin...... KVatrivay & Way Ports. |Peb! 10
Mrs. Hiram Offen— And do you think
you could do the cookinsr for the family
with a little help from me?
Applftant-No^ ma'am. I do not. '
Mrs. Hiram Offen— You don't.
Applicant— No. ma'am, but Ot'm sure
S^&JWKSL anny help ""-W
RENO, Nev., Feb. 2.— This afternoon,
while coupling cars in the Southern Pa
cific yard here James Read, a freight
brakeman, had one of his arms badly
Brakeman Crushed by Cars.
Athlete to Marry.
John C. Stelzner, the well-known ath
lete, is to be married 1 to-morrow nierht at
St. Mary's Cathedral. The bride-to-be is
Miss Marie Louise Reeves.
The sharpest man has bis blunt points.
ar S e O Tm^te b d andS d ° mestlc and^ 8om *
THE SPOKANE WILL HAVE HER SPEED TRIAL IN SANTA BARBARA CHANNEL
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2.— Mrs. > Hattie
Wickman, recently, from Iowa, committed
suicide at Fair Oaks; twelve miles from
Sacramento, last night. She took an
ounce of carbolic acid and then hanged
herself. The Coroner's jury found that
the add caused death. Long continued 111
health was the cause.
Ends Suffering by Suicide.
Killed by an Electric Wire.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2.— John Sheehan.
aged 24 years, walked against an electric
wire on the Twelfth-street road ln tha
northern part of Sacramento last nicht
He received 21,000 volts and was instantlv
killed. The body was burned and nS
lated.
CINCINNATI, Feb. 2.— Terry. McGovern
arrived to-night, and accompanied by Dan
Dougherty, Joe Humphreys, Sam Harris
and others, went direct to his training
quarters. Manager Harris goes to Louis
ville to-morrow to consider a change of
the date for the light with Dave Sullivan
from February 22 to February 21 or 24,
as many report their inability to leave
their business on Saturday night to at
tend the fight. Terry expresses the fullest
confidence ln his condition and his suc
cess over Sullivan. v
McGovern in -Training.
OLYMPIA, Wash.,' Feb. 2.— For the fifth
time in four years the safe of the North
ern Pacific depot ln this city was blown
open by burglars last night and Its con
tents were taken. On three former occa
sions a considerable sum was taken, but
last night only twenty dollars was ob
tained. There is no clew to the cracks
men.
Bobbers Loot a Depot Safe.
Captain George James of the Olympic
Club tried out some of the runners yester
day who aspire to a place on the club
team In the cross-country race. A two
mile race was held. H. Bowden finished
first and F. Ferem second. Templeman
Garcia and Burgess ' also distinguished
themselves. The team to represent the
flying "O" will be selected on tlft fcth
lnst. when the men will run the full four
miles/ «
Bowden Fleetest of Olympians.
J. Collins and M. J. Kilgallon..21 21 16 19 21
J. C. Nealon and R. Lineham..l7 18 21 21 20
¦ ¦ ;. — ¦ — . - • : v
Handicap came — .. ¦¦':
J. Fitzeerald. world's champion: 21 17 16
J. White and W. Maguire.."TT .16 21 21
W. Bridge 21 20 21
L. J. Bernard 18 21 19
M. Levy and M. Berwin... ..21 12 21 21
P. Basch and M. Joyce. ........ ...13 21 20 15
D. Doyle and J. McBrearty 21 13 21 16 21
M. Klrby and P. Talo:. ...10 21 15 21 19
C. Murray and D. Regan 21 17 21 11 21
J. Foley and E. Barry. ....20 2112 2118
D. Rogers and M. McLeod 21 16 21 21
M. McNeil and G. McDonald 13 21 19 17
II. Hisglns and J. Gallagher... 21 16 21 20 21
J. Bratt and M. Phillips 18 21 17 21 19
Handball Players' in Handicap.
The handball games at Phil Ryan's
court yesterday resulted as follows:
A. Pennoyer and W. Kelly. 21 21 14 15 21
G. Hutchinson and T. McManus.13 17 21 21 18
CHICAGO. Feb. 2.— Albert Griffiths, the
Australian prize-fighter, best known as
"Young Griffo," was found to-day nearly
frozen to death ln a vacant lot with'ln
half a block of the Bridewell. Both hands
and feet were frozen, and physicians are
of the opinion that amputation of the
hands will be necessary.. Gtitto was for
many years a fistic marvel and was con
sidered a great fighter, one of the best
that ever donned boxing gloves. Of late
years Griffo has been leading a fast life
and was penniless. It Is thought he wan
dered toward the Bridewell in search of
food and shelter, as he was but recently
discharged from that Institution, where
he, had been serving a sentence for dis
orderly conduct .
Griffo May Lose His Hands.
First champion class, F. E. Mason, 225: sec
ond., champion clars. F. A. Kuhls. 215: O.
Kramer. 212. 200; T. J. Carroll. 209. 203; A.
Kahwyler. 210. 205; O. Burmeister, 209, ISO;
P ; 'H. Ladd, 201. 192: first class. A. Gehret,
223. 225; A. Mocker. 224. 209; A. Utschlg. 199.
139; second class. L. Reubold. 213. 202; E.
Woenne. 206. 202; M. Blasse.205, 196; G. Tam
meyer, 203. 187: G. Ahrens, 197; F. > A.
Schmmpf 199. 178: J. Kullmann. 192: W.
Hlasse. 196. 198: F. D. Smith. 187. 150: A.
Hampel. 183. Jfi2; L. C. Babln. 183. 158: A.
Jungblut. 184; F. Suter. 1C1,_155; A. von Wyl.
150. 14tt: third class. R. Langer. 205. 182; L.
Thin-bach 202. 179; C. Sag«-horn. 201, 131: J.
C Walker. 195 187; J. Horstmann, 185. J45;
1 Staub. 175 172: F. Reide. 1C0, 169: H. Kuhls,
1C2. 147; W. Holden. 152. 138; F. C. Hagenn>,
157. 130; fourth class, M. Hartter. 203. 157;
C M Rousseau. 155. 145: E. Englander. 154,
131; H Schennert, 140. 138; L. Rink. 129. 105;
E i Gut. 128. JOG; H. Hacke.. 101. 96; cadets.
R". MayerhofTer. 182. 177; H. Bachmann. JB2.
145- F M. Carroll. 170; F. Bremer, 109, 12:j;
V.'. Woene. 143. 12S. .
.Verem Eintracht shooting section — Champion
'"class. Captain F. A. Kuhls scored 39U; first
class C. von Hartwlg. 32S; second class, Luis
Seheib, 3C0; third class. F; Eggerling, SOU;
•first best shot. J. Rohrcr.' 24; last best shot,
F..A; .Kuhls. 23. • . : .
California Schuetzen" Club scores fol
low: .
SAX RAFAEL. Feb. 2.— The Verein
Eintracht and California Schuetzen Clubs
held their regular shoots at the rifle range
to-day. The scores:
San Rafael Shooting.
This mass of insects Is making the Jour
ney of 16,000 -miles In a wooden box filled
with straw and a handful of dates, the
latter to preserve , moisture and supply
food, Ehrhorn collected the Insects along
the banks of Stevens Creek in this county.
They are technically known as hippo
damia convergens, a; variety common to
California, and. are particularly effective
ln the destruction* of plant lice. They
were assigned to Charles P. Lorensburg,
Government entonmologist at Cape Town.
On November 15 the. first lot of 15,000 was
shipped from here and Ehrhorn has just
received word that the bugs arrived in
good condition and have been distributed
in the orchards. So pleased were the South
Africans with the work of the insects
that they at once cabled for 40,000 more
.ladybugs, and this shipment is now on the
way there.
During the last' month Entomologist
Ehrhorn of this county has forwarded to
officials at Cape Town 55,000 ladybug^. and
requests have been received for another
lot of these gracefully formed "and deli
cately colored beetles.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2.— Entomologically
speaking, Santa Clara County Is becoming
famous for bugs, and all because South
Africa thinks bugs are worth while hav
ing.
Special Dispatch to The Call/
The officials of Yosemite Athletic Club
have heard nothing further as to the
Fitzsimmons-Jeffries championship fight
It is expected something definite will de
velop to-morrow. They have hope of se
curing the match. In discussing "Jim"
Kennedy's connection with the club Harry
Corbett says the New Yorker's authority
extends only to the matching of the men.
When that is accomplished he will have
nothing further to do with lt.
Lou Houseman wilU probably leave for
Chicago to-day. The present arrange
ment is for Root to remain here for a
time. Gordon Is doing everything ln his
power to secure a return match and may
be accommodated. ¦ .¦ '/.vL
cure the Signatures of the
Heavy-Weight Boxers.
Yosemite Qlub Officials Hope to Sj :
Supply From Santa Clara
County Sent to
Cape Town.
JEFFBIES MAY FIGHT
FTTZSIMM0NS HERE
J 200. ! 300 | 5<M)
Names — !yards.;yards. [yards.
I i
C. Heineman I 22 i IS M
B. F. Suelflohn 12 | 14 I 11
\\". Stromberg IS | 10 j lfi
D. S. Harvey 1» I J4 ) 8
<:. B-. Munser IS> 13 j 6
R. T. Kurplnsky 14 | l<t 18
E. L. Suelflohn \ IS | IS J 7
Corporal F. J. Kaul 22 18 | 14
W. Sellers 10 VI 0
Corporal S. H. Stewart 22 17 12
O. F. Clayton 18 15 5
H. H. Mitchell 25 10 23
J. C* Roberts I 22 12 1»
R. J. Haggard , 10 O JO
H. J. Temple 9 5 7
Sergeant T. McGilvery 20 17 I 5
H. D. McDonald 18 3 J 5
Corporal S. H. Barieau... 16 X j - 11 Vl
C, J. Weatherby 9 3 i <•
Sergeant Galbraith 21 i:» j 12
Sergeant Povey. 23 *£» ' • 1H
Sergeant TV. D. Grant, • 50 I IT • 15
Corporal H. W. Mitchell .. 23 j 16 17
Corporal E. R. Armstrong. JG j 13 I 14
T. C. Crawford 4 I J2 0"
C. Waltham 14 I 22 I 22
J. T. Hess 0 1 0 ! 0
P. Aiken ...: 18 t 12 I O
Trilliam McGinty 21 » ! »
Corporal "W. H. Shaw 18 | 1« 16
Sergeant T. McDonald 24 I 0 18
Sergeant W. W. ThompiDn 24 j 0 18
Sergeant Joseph K. Ross.. 9 17 13
H. Allari 15 0 4
Corporal Flynn 20 16 19
Corporal Rautz 15 7 0
Serg Cnfred 22 VI 20
J. W. Ellery 24 7 2
Musician H. F. Stevens... 18 0 3
R. S. Pressley 2 5 -8
Sergeant F. F. Carson 15 21 24
E. B. Burchard./ 23 in 13
W. Collet 9 0 4
Corporal Cobby 23 20 24
W. Johnson 10 4 5
A. W.*McLean 14 O O
C. D. Shaw 12 i S 14
\V. R. Hamilton 0 | « 5
E. J. Florentine./ 20 2 . 11
R. H. Hartsough... Jl 11 13
Captain George J. Petty.. 16 19 2
W. H. Tooker 10 0- 8
E. Louftman 12 O 7
Corporal Hopkins 21 19 '8
c. c. de Woir.y: i» 14 is
Corporal J. W. Little 18 13 7
Sergeant A. E. Anderson.. 14 18 12
Lieutenant W. S. Grattan 24 16 16
E. Springer 12 2 7
Lieutenant P. J. Neuman 1» 21 1.1
C. Meyer 25 / 24 23
Lieutenant J. J. H.ver 18 21 15
Sergeant P. Hatfield 20 20 22
Corporal E. F. Tooker.... 14 18 6
Shell Mound Rifle and Pistol Club rifle
shoot: First class— J. Cobby. 170. 321; E. Per
kins. 101, 219: E. Cobby. 107. 277; H. Hanson,
113. 227; William A. Slebe, 100, 223; >U Siebe,
103 204: H. Kllenbroich. 160. 331; H. Puck
haber. 71, 167; H. Skinner. 159. 260; H. Bort-
Md, 109. 228: A. Stueber. 109. 24S: H. Huber,
196, 384; T. Brown. 129. 232. Second class —
A, Ramm. 142, 171: H. Rothermal, 191. 147;
T. Bearwald. 193. 198; E. Niehaus. 131. 74; H.
Curry. 121. 164; W. Paulson. 111. 164; W.
Fifth Race — Mile and 100 yards, selling*
thrse-year-olds and upward:
(3229) Mission 109 3229 Constable ... 8G
3194 G. Sachem 10B 3193 Norford 115
3229 Einstein 100 3222 San Venado...l0»
3182 Decoy 109 3224 Diderot . . ...An
3222 Legal Maxim.. 92 (3228)Cougar . 104
3228 Sunello 100 "*
Sixth Race — Six furlongs, selling ; four-year
olds and upward:
(3214)Maresa 10S 2628 True Blu© ...10T
3110 S. for Scandal. ICO 3207 Captivate 105
3165 Kitty Kelly...lO5 2503 Valenclenne.. 105
(3177)Scorplo .114 3145 Sir Hampton 110
3121 Ida. Chief 11.102 3156 Tlzona .... 107
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Buck: Taylor. Hilary, Raclvo.
Second Race — Klckumbob, Vasallo, Darlene,
Third Race— Oro Viva. Adirondack. Hudson,
Fourth Race — Duckoy. Jim Hale, Doreea.
Fifth Race — Decoy. Diderot, Cougar.
Sixth Race — Kitty Kelly, School for Scandal.
Scorpio.
Fourth Race — One mile, selling ; three-year,
olds and upward: ¦
(3170) Jim Hale 1061 3231 DIvlna .... «»
3224 Duckoy Ill 31S3 Milaa M
(2656)Doreen 89 1 3236 Com. Forsterl 94
Third Race — Three, and a half furlongs sell
ing; two-year-olds:
2sS H- Cnancellor.llS' .... Nlffrette 115
Hoi ora d9 vVa":::lii; A i Irondack -"3
Oakland Track Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland racetrack are as follows:
First Race — Six furlongs, selling: flve-year
olaa and upward:
31B7 Corriente .....109i 3238 Scintillate ...109
3228 Sen. Matts ..111 3213 Liloa ...!... 109
3J67 Young Morelloll4 i 318B Hilary .Hi
f J«i Mary Nanc«.. 100^3215 Buck Tavlor..lU
3167 RadTO 11113228 William P ...ill
Second Race — Mile and 10O yards, selling:
three-year-olds and upward:
S£? i? lls J lr , 106 3206 Klckumbob ..100
3221 Sand da Lee- 89 3227 Gold Baron,...10«
3213 Expedient ...106 3232 Onyx ....7.. 10ft
3220 Bob Palmer ..101 3228 Darlene 09
32: W Windward ...109 322B Vasallo " fls
3232 Frldolln 90 2416 Ting-a-Ung' " " 104
SOUTH AFRICA
DESIRES BUGS
The monthly shoot of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club at the Harbor View
range yesterday attracted a good attend
ance, although the weather was unfavor
able for shooting. Among:, the visitors
was Captain George E. Bartlett, who gave
an exhibition of fancy shooting. Colonel
S. I. Kellogg, the club's first president
and a veil-known rifle expert, was present
ror the first time in several years. Tho
scores: - ¦
E _ Off-hand shooting on Columbia target, ten
,«hots^ rlHe 200 yards— A. B. Dot-rell^T. 65°
W. j G. Hoffmann. 49, 63 63 6a 60- * o
Toun* 57 6O. C4; A.' H." C^dy. 69 76; Alex
Pa £ e ' V4 J %k V 9 - » 3 -- c - Barhman, '96, i34~
22 and 25 rifle, 50 yards— Dr J F Twist
21. 24. 22, 24. 27. 29, 30. 31. 36; Ed HoveV 24
25 25. 26, 30; A. J. Brannagan.^5 28J c\ M
?o* i8 & l°- 3< k, 35 : Colonel 8/1. Kellogg. 32!
•i— . x . xlecKer, o2.
Pistol, 60 yards — A. J. Brannagan 42 45 47-
F. O. Toung. 46 61; P. Becker. 65T64; Captain
George E. Bartiett, 68. 71; G. Johnson lh
Revolver— W. G. Hoffman 52 63 66 ' " '\
Columbia Club Marksmen.
enburg, a brakeman on the Ojai branch of
the Southern Pacific Railroad,- was seri
ously injured last night on the run from
Ventura to Nordhoff. He was a new man
on the line and not familiar with the road.
"While passing over the top of the train he
was struck on the head by an elevated
water flume. At Orton's mill he was
missed. The train was backed up and the
brakeman was found'unconscious near the
track. His skull is crushed and there is
little hope of his recovery.
them. He was finally retired to his ken
nel by Merrimac after a long course. A
representative of the Eastern sportsman
who bought the Healey string of grey
hounds is expected here to-day to . take
possession of them. As several are eli
gible" for the rich stakes to be run on
Washington's Birthday they may be al
lowed to remain here to compete.
The open stake marked the winning of
his first stake ln America by J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Doe, a black and white
greyhound imported from Ireland by his
present owner some two years since. He
defeated Coronado, Fair Glen, Royal
Union and Terronette. besides running a
"bye" course. In the final Terronette was
installed a 1 to 2 favorite. John Doe se
cured the turn and as they came together
The detailed results of the running, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
.Open stake — -J. Hurley's Living Picture beat
Pasha Kennels' Roving Arab. 14-0; T. W.
Bartels' Bogus' Brummel beat Pasha Kennels'
Rustic Arbor, 3-0; T. Coleman's Cotton Ball
beat A'. R. Curtis' Galatea. 3-1: C. dock's
Alameda Lad beat Kelly & Hanley's Precita
The attendance was unusually large
and the jvagering brisk. There were sev
eral courses extending over two minutes,
in which the gameness and the stamina of
the dogs were severely tested.
It was a day for favorites in the bet
ting on both stakes. There were no de
cided .upsets, the odds in every instance
where the favorite lost being small.
Terronette "tripped" the hare, throwing
it high>in the air. John Doe killed.
Second round — Living Picture beat Bogus
Brummel. 3-0: Alameda Lad beat Cotton Ball,
C-0; Fannie Hughle beat Gramercy, :. 7-2; Ter
ronette beat Dorothy M. 4-2; Glen Coe beat
Maid," 7-2; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle beat
G. Sharman's ' Gold Bug, 6-1; J. Hurley's
Gramercy beat Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy,
3-1; II. H. Gray's Terronette beat G. B. Mar
rill's Warpath. 12-0; D. G. Frantz's Dorothy
M beat Kelly & Hanley's Lushmagb Lad. 13-2;
E. Zelph's Glen Coe beat H. Perigo's Con
troller, 8-1;. L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy beat J.
F. Badt's Lo Vina, 8-7; :J. Moriarlty's Klttle
man beat A." R. Curtis' Wapsee, 11-5; T.
Mahe^s Bad Boy beat E. Geary's Roy Hughle,
4-0; A. McLeod's Royal Friend beat T. Burke' s
Aggie W. 11-6; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union beat
Kelly ¦& Hanley's Fearful Ship, 5-0;- H.~
Schaffer's Fair Glen beat ' J. Carroll's Auck
land, . 13-7; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe . beat
J. A. Klein's Coronado, 6-2. -
Independent Rifles' shoot— Lieutenant H.
Schichtman 41. Sergrant H. Frederickson 37,
J H. Kuhlke 34. R. V. Bither 32. H. Uein
hardt :!2. Sergeant George Mitchell 40. H.
Geatgen Jr. 27. H. B*>nson 22. W. A. Smith
:W. C. Smidt 28. C. H. Welcher 4. T. S. Kowran
33. C. Iverson 35, Corporal P. Schonlg 39.
Wilkes 165, 164; C. Wlxson. 136. 139: P.
Ramm. 200. 204; J. Ringen. 181. 191. Third
cUss— B Schlllerts. 07. 93: A. Bearwald. 142,
153: J Kenney. Wi 1X\: G. Paulson. 118. 103;
A Poalson. 13«. 169: O. Poulson. 146. 13S: C.
Shiele. ;{«. CS: F. Paulson. 146, 132; G. Hughes,
lift 122: C. Cohn. 01 59: J. Vera. 90. 9:1; A.
Liebscher. 161. 170. :.
Krlefter Verein medal fhoot— First champion
claw C. Weggenmann 386: second champion
class, O. Dammer 3»2; first class. J. Bender
342; second class. X. Silberzorhn 309; third
class. C. Meyer 372: fourth class. H. Heunlnger
243: first best shot. X. Silberzorhn 25: last best
shot. F. Kaiser 23: most center. X. Sllber
zorhti. • The order of prizes ln the bullseye
shoot was: First, X. Silberzorhn; ¦ second, I.
C. ; Weggenmann ; third, C. Meyer; fourth, C.
Dammer. . '
Slsquoc, which - ran probably for the
last ; time in N the name of D. J.
Healey of Petaluma. who bred him.
made a fine showing. He ¦ has not
been running for some time and
lacked just a trace bf speed, but made up
for it with his cleverness. He was led to
the hare by Fenil and Ruby Sankey. but
succeeded in taking the flag from each of
Sacramento Boy defeated 'in turn Char
ta, the stake favorite: Tiburon. Freda C.
Merrimac and then War Eagle for the
stake. He did not allow Freda C nor Mer
rimac to score, but barely won his course
with Charta by one point. • r
Should Sacramento Boy retain his pres
ent form he will be a hard dog to beat for
the California Plate, one of the classic
coursing events of the ye.ar. This is de
cided annually on Washington's Birthday.
Union Coursing Park. He
started live times and yet the total run
ning time of his courses was only ninety
eight seconds. In the deciding course he
met A. K. Curtis' AVar Eagle and won all
the way. He led up by several lengths,
took the first turn and finally killed,
Eagle was able to score but two points io
his opponent's eight. The betting was 1
to 3 on the Bov.
yi-?:^' WALSH'S white and fawn
I vV greyhound . Sacramento ' Boy
I II fairly romped through the
JJLs>' O nI Sh class stake yesterday at
crushed. He was removed to a local hos
pital, where the arm was amputated.
Second round — Sacramento Boy beat Tiburon,
8-6: Freda C beat Tapioca. 3-2: Slsquoc beat
Ruby Sankey, 6-5: Merrimac beat Kibosh. 6-2:
War Eagle beat Tralee Boy. 6-5; Tame Tralee
beat Mamie Pleasant. 7-6: Ltttle Sister a bye.
Third round — Sacramento Boy beat Freda C.
5-0; Merrimac beat Slsquoc, 15-6; War Sagle
beat Little Sister, 3-2; Tame Tralee a bye.
Fourth round— Sacramento Boy beat Merri
mac. 5-0; War Eagle beat Tame Tralee, 12-7.
Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat War
Eagle, 8-2.
Special stake— D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy
beat A. R. Curtis' Charta. 5-4; D. J. Healey's
Tiburon beat J. Morlarlty's Snappsr Garrison,
14-12; George Nethercott's Freda C beat Bterl
& Knowles' Ollta, 7-0, D. J. Healey's Tapioca
beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan, 6-0; D. J. Healey's
Slsquoc beat E. Geary's Fenli. 7-4; E. Geary's
Ruby Sankey beat Aeneid Kennels' 'Aeolus,
8-7; Alameda Kennels' Merrimac beat A.' R.
Curtis' Flying Fox. 10-5: A. R. Curtis' Kibosh
beat J. Cane's Greenhall, 6-2: T. J. Cronin's
Tralee Boy beat G. Sharman's Firm Fellow,
; A. R. Curtis' War Eagle -beat J. Car
roll's Master Clair, 8-7: Chiarini Brothers'
Tame Tralee beat E. Geary's America. 6-2f
P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant beat C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard. ; G. Sharman's
Little Sister beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete. 6-0.
Fourth round — Terronette beat Alameda Lad,
£»-."{ ; John Doe a bye..
Deciding courses-John Doe beat Terronette,
8-1.
Boodle Boy. 24-10; Bad Boy beat Klttleman.
16-14; Royal Union beat Royal Friend. 12-10;
John Doe beat Fair Glen. 5-2.
Third round— Alameda Lad beat Llvinr Pic
ture, 5-3; Tecronette beat Fannie Hughle, 4-2:
Glen Coe beat Bad Boy, 17-14; John Doe beat
Royal Union, 4-2.
War Eagle Is Runner Up
to Walsh's Sensational
Performer on the Fifeld
J.R. McCarthy's Imported
Greyhound John Doe
Wins His First Stake
Will Allen of the California Club figured
in the first class, but could not play his
usual game, as he was not accustomed to
clay courts. He was beaten by Dunlap,
whom he defeated easily recently on the
asphalt courts of the California Club.
Following is a summary of the tourna
ment:
First class, first round — C. Dunlap beat O.
Bates. 6-1. 6-2; W. Allen beat W. Frost. 6-5.
6-0; Theobold beat Lea by default. Second
round — Dunlap beat Allen 2-6. 9-7. 6-3; Routh.
beat Theobold. 6-1. 6-4.
Second class, preliminary round — Brady beat
Ilymans, 6-1. 6-2. First round— -Judah beat
MacFarlan, 4-6. 6-1, 6-2; Bozart beat Baker.
6-1, 0-1; Baer beat Edwards. 4-6, 6-2. 6-1;
Black beat Levy by default; Webster beat
Neil by default; Lytton beat Lllach. 6-5, 6-2:
A. Beyfuss beat Kaiser. 6-3. 6-4; Brady beat
Turner. 6-1. 6-2. Second round — Judah beat
Bozart. - 6-5. 6-1 ; Black beat Baer. 6-2. «-l :
Lytton beat "Webster. 6-4. 6-3; Beyfuss beat
Brady, 6-5. 2-6. 6-4. Third round— Judah beat
Black 6-3. 2-6. 6-0; Beyfuss beat Lytton. 6-4.
6-3. Finals— Beyfuss vs. Judah. set all. 7-5,
l-o. j ¦ ..•-..
The following matches were played on
the California Club courts: Joseph Dally
beat Joe Tobin, 6-2. 6-3. 6-5: Whitney and
Whitney tied. 4-4; Gibson Sr. beat Gibson
o'wt 2 '* 6 ; 3 '. 6 : 3 '' A ' Ames beat Sidney
Smitft 6-0 6-1, 6-1; C. Kuehn beat R.
S'&Kiiit?- v In d ° uble3 Whitney and
Reid tied Kuehn and Stauf, 6-2. 6-8; Col-
i l % r £ nd Crowell tied Adams and Powers.
bV 6 othirs7£?V6 brother3 *•« the *-»•
By far the largest and most successful
tournament yet held on the park courts
was played yesterday. The players wera
divided Into two classes. When play 'was
called in the afternoon two men were left
ln each of the classes. In the first class
the. contestants in the finals will be
Charles Dunlap, the park champion, and •
Harry Routh. The second class men left
to play off are Alec Beyfuss and Judah.
The winner of the first class will allow
the winners of the second class odds of
"fifteen."
The finals of the tennis tournament for
the Davis cups, postponed from last Sun
day, resulted ln a victory yesterday for
the Smith brothers. Their opponents were
H. W. Crowell and "W. B. Collier, who al
lowed the victors a handicap of "half fif
teen." The match went four seta, the
score in favor of Smith and Smith being
6-1. 1-6, 10-8, C-4. The best work was dontf
by Chet Smith and Crowell, Grant Smith
and Collier being somewhat off in their
play.
This is the third consecutive time tho
brothers have won the cups. Collier and
Crowell have also won them three times
and they will undoubtedly go to one of
these teams permanently.
Company A Fiftli Regiment Infantry. N. G.
? C. monthly practice shoot— Sergeant Ct Foui
ter. 38; Sergeant 1\ York. 31; Corporal L.
Krancis. ilii; Corporal C. Orton, 3D; C. A.
Kllnkner 35: W. Gray, 15: C. Lancaster. 37;
W P Woodward. Hi; A. Tbeltn. 3S; Corporal
J. Poulter. 37; M. S. Gray. -JU.
Company E. First Regiment ..Infantry. N. G.
C. monthly medal shoot — Captain J. H. Jor
dan, 42; Sergeant J. Brady. 30; Sergeant S.
Freer 39; Sergrant C. Finnrgan, 39; (Sergeant
J Cardiff. 31; Corporal F. Jully. 2»J Corporal
J Paulson. 34; Sergeant K. Kwing. J. Dun
ning 21; H. Wyckoff. :>7; A. E. BottcJier. 4r.;
M O. Reilly, 4^: A. Cl«ck. 80; F. Mendel. :T- # ;
CL Lander, 27; V. King:, 'M; C. Luna. Si; J.
Luna, 24; H. Marlowe, 20; J. Js'icklet, 2&; F.
Haeeselbrouck. 21; T. Dwyer, 31; J. Hurley,
!!3; G. Poulson, U0.
Company F, First Regiment Infantry. X. G.
C monthly medal shoot lor January— Captain
J.'"F Eggert. 4<J; Lieutenant H. G. Stindt. 4«;
First Sergeant J. KJeeow. 4O; Sergeant A. T.
Brown :«>; Private W. Kermode. 34; Private
T J Cbrreshino. 34; Private I*. Miller. «; Pri
vate E C. Jacobs, 6; Sergeant L. M. Roy, 3d;
Private J. Kerroode. .52; M. McCall, 12; J.
Sevey 23; It. Rainvitle 15: M. Menglander. 15;
. C H Moore. 21 : Corporal E. H. Seng*tack,
28: Sergeant C. Wehr. 12: Corporal J. McCar
thy l«i; L Fenton *'l; Sergeant T. llarlow.
K5;'F. Christopher. 35; M. Dillon. 14; D.
Kogrers. 34; C. Chester. 3S.
Februarj' medal ishoot. company F. First In
fantry ' N. G. C— Captain J. F. Eggert 4(i,
Lieutenant H. G. tStindt 4j. First Sergeant J.
Klesow 34. Sergeant A. T. Brown 'M, Private
W. Kermode 42. Private L. J. Chereghino :».
Private P. Miller «, Private E. C. Jacobs 1<V
Sergeant L. M. Rey 31. Private J. Kermode
2a. Private M. McCall 22, Private J. Sevey 22,
Private K. RaJnvllle 32. Private C. H. Moore
20. Corporal E. H. Sengstack 25. Sergeant C.
Wehr 11. Corporal J. McCarthy 20, Private L.
Fenton 34. Sergeant T. Marlow 31. Private F.
Christopher 30. Private M. Dillon 7. Corporal
M. Gans 45, Corporal D. Rogers 22, Corporal
C. Chester 32.
Company D. First Regiment Infantry, N. G.
C. monthly medal shoot. 2<K) yards — Captain
H. G. Mathewson 3s. Sergeant J. O. Staples
43, Sergeant C. Wissln 20. Sergeant B. J.
O'Neill 25. Sergeant H. H. Varney 26, Ser
geant S. O. Tales 30. Corporal W. Nodder 20.
Corporal A. Galvin it. Corporal J. Dever 19.
l"rivate C. Degnin 2!», Private O. Kanein 14,
Private J. S. Harris 17. Private O. Malechi 3>,
Private G. Cushman 7. Private C. F. Brockrdy
:>0. Private M. Letz 7. Private A. Ledster 31.
Private A. Worthing 10, Private W. J. Me-
Keough 15. Private A. Berg 19. Private \V.
Moulder 30. Private J. Graham 15. Private IV.
Schillbaach 21. Private \V. McCall 40. Private
D. Matthewson 20. Private F. Thorson 30.
February monthly shoot. National Guard of
California. Batteries B and C. First Artillery.
A large number of shooting c)ubs were
represented by clever marksmen yester
day at Shell Mound Park rifle range. A
perfect din of shooting roared through the
grounds from early morning: until the sun
had almost disappeared from view. Some
fseeilent scores were made. The follow
ing are the results of the various compe
titions: . ' :;.;.. '•-'.-:
Darkness Stops the
Proceedings.- •
Shooting Continues Until
Skill With *he Fifle Is
Shown by National
Guardsmen. v
Successful Tournament Is
Played on the Park
Courts.
H. W. OrowelL
Tennis Experts Defeat
W. B. Collier and
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SHELL MOUND
SACRAMENTO BOY ROMPS THROUGH THE SPECIAL STAKE
AT UNION COURSING PARK, WINNING QUITE CLEVERLY
SMITH BROTHERS
WIN DAVIS CUPS
SPORTS OF THE FIELD AND OF THE RIFLE RANGE
THE SAN FRAISrciScb CALL, MONDAY; FEBRUARY 3. 1902.
j^v:.8SWL&^ S5SRS I
Bonita Newport & Way... 8 am Pier 11
_ , Ptbrnnry 4.
Empire Coos Bay io am Pier 13
Phoenix. . . . Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 2
February 5.
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
?T Ute .£ al " San Dle so & Way.. 9 am Pier 11-
Fc™} 11 . 1 *'-- Pu « ct Sound Ports - n •« Pier 9
Mandalay.. Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Rival.' Wlllapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
February C.
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier <¦>
Arcata..... Coos B. A Pt. Orf*d 12 m Pier 13
Argro Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports, a pm PJer "
Denderah.. Hamburg & Way,.*. .. Pie- 3-i
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
February 7.
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier •>
Alliance.... Portland & Coos B. ..... piJI _f
Coronado... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. $> « m PW 11
G. Elder.... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2i
Leelanaw.. N. T. via Panama. 2 nm PW n*
China China & Japan..... i bm P\tk*
Curacao. . . . Mexican JPorts .... 10 am Pier It
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...'... ¦>«„[»„ n
City Sydney Panama & Way 12 m pmss"
February O.
Spokane San Diego & Way.. 9 am P1 -_ .«
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma plil
February IO. —
Tucaoei.... Valparaiso & WaV. l n m P ,., , n
City Puebla -Pu^et Sound Port*. 11 am Wer 2
Lakme..... Astoria & Portland! . . (pier --
6Sunday,- February 2
ARRIVED.
Stmr Gipsy, ' Leland," 30 ".hours from Moss
Landing. . "
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, 88 hours from Ta
coma. . ' .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE'.
LONDON. ( Feb. ' 3.— King i Edward . and
Queen /Alexandra^.', attended a concert at
the {Queen's. Hall Sunday, afternoon, when 1
the' programme was . the same as selected
by the late /Queen Victoria when the
Q.ucan'& Hall orchestra played.
King and Queen at a Concert.
Organ • solos. . '.'FilRrlms' Chprus," ? ','Tann'
huaser'.'. (tt. Wagner), and '-'Chorus of Angels"
(Scotson-Clark), S."B. -Bofirart: baritone- solo,
••Fear. Ye Not, O Israel" ..: (Dudley Buck)," Rob
ert Bortner: soprano ¦ solo, V.'Ave. Maria". (Nlc*
olao). Miss Etta M. Welch; tenor solo, "Noel".
(Adam), Rev. Robert Sesnon; Bolemn veaoera.
Sacred Heart Church was crowded >.. to
the doorslast evening by an appreciative
audience. '.A sacred concert was given' for
the benefit of the organ fund. The pro
gramme 1 was as follows:- : ..'.
dered by .Artists Before Large
and Appreciative .Audience.
Exquisite Musical Programme Ren-
Lambert Miller, 28 years of. age, an em
ploye of the -San Francisco Glass Worka,
residing with "- Mrs. William Pitts ' at 136
West 'Mission 'street, while 1 -returning
homeward on his bicycle yesterday from
a ; trip through Golden. Gate; Park, col
lided with an electric car. at, the crossing
of Page ¦ street, and. Central \ avenue. He
was picked up , in an unconscious condi
tion and' sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital. " Dr/ James ' Murphy I found that
¦Tils skull' and" nose were • fractured -:, and
his jaw r dislocated. Dr. Murphy pro
nounced his injuries fatal. Lambert has
no relatives ,<¦ in this city.
Injuries May Prove Fatal.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2.-Henry. P.
Brown, a member of the Board of Trus
tees, died this morning suddenly from
heart failure, following an attack of pneu
'monla'of .only "a- few days' duration.
Brown was connected with the John Brue
ner Furniture House. 1 He leaves a family.
Henry P. Brown.
sacred; heart concert
for the organ fund
SANTA CLARA./Feb;- 2.— J. H. Stott
was firing a rifle near the railroad track
for practice this morning and when a Chi
nese came walking along the track Stott
accidentally sent a bullet, Into the Celes
tial's right eye. The Chinese was taken
to the County Hospital. Stott was found
hiding -in. a. woodshed at his home. He is
now in jail. .. • ¦ " f
Shoots Chinese- in the Eye.
i at Is. expected that Mayor Schmitz, the
Board of Supervisors and many city . offi
cials ¦ will' be present | at 1 6 the ! funeral ser
vice/. ..'¦'- '/ ¦ " - . •" .:¦ : ''',"'¦ ' ¦
: The funeral of the late Supervisor Dwy
er will take place to-morrow morning.
The cortege will leave the family resi
dence, 1320 ; Utah street, at 9 a.- m.. N and
will proceed to St. Peter's Church, Twen
ty-fourth and Alabama streets, where the
services will take place at ' 9 :30 a. m:
The board will assemble this afternoon
and will adjourn j immediately as a mark
of respect to the memory of the deceased
member and will reconvene to-morrow.
'. T ; he Board , of -Supervisors will not
transact any business this afternoon .on
account of the death of Supervisor Law
rence J. Dwyer. \ "^
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS :
. ' - - TO I ADJOURN ' MEETING
"An enthusiastic meeting of the parish
ioners of St. . Paul's Church was held in
tho parish hall, at Twenty-ninth ..' and
Church, after vespers ¦ last night to ar
range fora fitting celebration of St. Pat
rlclcs day. % It was decided to hold tne
exercises in the evening. R. T. Shepston
was -elected chairman. Charles' Willey,
secretary, and J. 11. Riley, treasurer.
The celebration will take. the form, of
a musical ¦ and literary entertainment.
Rev. M. D. Connolly, the pastor, an
nounced that he had invited Rev. M. P.
Smith. C. S. P.. rector of old St: Mary's
Church, to deliver the oration and that
he had consented.. Messrs. Shepston,
Willey and Riley were appointed a com
mittee to arrange the details of the cele
bration. A second meeting will be held
at the same place :on Friday night. ~
Ireland's Patron Saint.
Mission Catholics Prepare to Honor
ST. PAUL'S TO CELEBRATE.
"We are a little bit hard up," declared
both men, says'Agnew. "I gave them $5,
but they were not satisfied. They grabbed
hold of me and took $10 more out of my
pocket." "
Agnew followed them until he met the
/officer. ' The men were taken to the Hall
of Justice and were' charged at the City
Prison with obtaining money, by trick and
device. £ " . . :'.;-';
¦' Cornelius 'O'Brien . and A. Thompson
were arrested at the corner of Mason and
Eddy, streets last - night by Police Officer
Snowball on complaint of W. I.Agnew.
The latter told the officer that 'he had
been approached by two men, one. of
whom represented himself to be a prize
fighter and the other Lou Houseman, his
manager.- .
AGNEW PROVES EASY
¦i IN CONFIDENCE GAMS
SPANISH FORK, Utah, Feb. 2. -Mrs.
Mary Taylor, an aged lady, was burned to
death 'at .her home in this cite, last .night..
Passersby noticed smoke innthe house,
and, breaking in the door, found the old
lady sitting in a chair with her clothing
burned from her; body. She lived. but a
few mintes after belng.found. Just how
the accident occurred is not known,, as
Mrs. Taylor. was alone in the house at the
time. . •• ¦ - •.¦¦;. i
Aged Woman Dies in Flames.
In summing up President Miller states
that if the Governor cannot see it his duty
to remove Regents Browne and Allen he
cannot longer, in justice to himself, the
1 State and . the students, remain as presi
dent of the school. The regents will this
week present their, side of the controversy
to the Governor.^ v . '
President Miller alleges that the affairs
of the institution have been managed by
the regents with a total disregard to his
ideas or wishes; that the regents have
held their meetings entirely at Spokane,
instead of at Cheney, as the law requires;
that they have appointed incompetent
teachers, some of whom are entirely un
necessary, and that ; these have been
chosen without consultation with the
president; as to their fitness; that the
re"gents have ordered repairs to the build
ing which were entirely, useless and un
necessary, and that in this matter and in
other ways the regents '• have wastefully
misapplied the appropriation made by the
Legislature fpr tho maintenance of the
Normal school.
TACOMA, Wash.. Feb. 2.— A difference
of long standing between President Miller,
of the Cheney State Normal School and
the regents of that institution has culmi
nated in an open fight and scandal which
must result in either the removal of two
of the regents from office or the resigna
tion of President Mifler.- The > matter is
now in the hands of Governor McBride,
placed there by President Miller "In a
lengthy petition, in which Tie makes seri
ous charges against Regents J. J; Browne
and Joseph Allen, and includes as. guilty,
but not so culpable, the third • regent, ' N:
W. , Durham, editor of - the Spokane
Spokesman-Review.. - .. - . ..
Special ' DIsDatch to The Call.
"It Is true that all work on the Billings-
Great Falls line will be stopped as soon
as the surveyors reach Ubet, Fergus
County, and the work will not resume
until the Supreme Court decides the mer
ger case.
"If It decides that the merger is Ille
cal, then the work -will probably be re-
V^med."
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Feb. 2.— An or
der has been received from Burlington
feeadrjuarters stopping all work on the
proposed line from Billings to Great Falls
until the United States Supreme Court
shall have disposed of the case brought
against the Northern Securities Company
by Governor Van Sant of Minnesota. An
official of the company, speaking of the
order, said:
BUBiiHrGToir stops woek
ON" PROPOSED EXTENSION
MATTE AWAN, W. Va., Feb. l~Jt B.
Blankenship, a wealthy merchant of Do
lorme,.a.small lumber station near. here,
shot and killed Robert Browning, a tim
ber dealer. Blankenshlp's plea is self
defense. The shooting occurred In the
private offlcf* of Blankenship, when a dis
pute arose during the settlement of an
account. Both men are prominent. Blan
kenship is in jail. ; ;> -.
Claims He Shot in. Self -Defense.
Police Officer Steve Bunner arrested
Henry Thaler last night at the corner of
Clay and Montgomery streets and placed
his name on the small book, pending fur
ther investigation. For some months past
frequent complaints have been made from
the commercial \ district that" robes and
packages were being" regularly taken from
buggies standing ..outside of 'stores, the
thefts In the aggregate amounting to $500
Bunner saw Thaler with a bundle under
his arm and hailed him. Thaler said the
bundle -contained clothes, but the officer
compelled him to open -it. -and found a
buggy i robe: Shortly after Thaler had
been taken to the City Prison a driver for
the Golden Gate stables made a complaint
to the Chief of Police' about the loss of
the robe. Bunner showed him- the one
he had Just taken and the claimant iden
tified it as one stolen from his :¦ buggy,
which, had been left at Sansome and Clay
streets. Thaler will be charged to-day.
Man Suspected, of Many PettyThefts
Is Caught With Stolen Property .
, Under His Arm.
FINDS BTJGG Y ROBE IN
POSSESSION OF THIEF
President of a Normal
School Appeals to
Governor.
Mrs Chauncey Depew is exciting much
comment and admiration as mistress of
Concoran' House; and. her first reception
was a very pleasant" affair. The hostess
was gowned in white tucked liberty satin,
with a deep flounce of Valenciennes lace,
elaborately embroidered m silver bead
ing She did not seem to have the faintest
idea the guests were criticizing her
beauty— much less the smiling Chauncey
—nor did she even at her first. Washington
appearance, where she was such a picture
in a -Paris, creation of dull blue crepe and
lace, : with a large blue hat.
being an ideal hostess and cordially re
ceiving every one in the long line who
wished to be presented the nrst lady of
the land was a beautiful picture to look
upon. She wore a trailing gown of white
lace over blue silk, with garniture of
pink roses extending down the left side
of the" skirt and held in place with pink
ribbon. A cluster of the same flowers
caught the festooned lace on the bodice.
Mrs Roosevelt wore a diamond ornament
and pink aigrette in ner hair. Her neck
lace was of diamond rose pendants. She
carried a bo«quet of La France roses.
Miss Roosevelt was gowned In white lib
erty satin, the ruffled skirt edged with
frills "of tulle. Flowers were the only
hair, ornament..;. -. -
ERKELET, Feb. 2.— The ladies
of St. Joseph' parish are much
interested In the forthcoming
i production of Gilbert & Sulli
van's comic opera, "The Pirates
of Penzance," which will be given on Feb-
CASPER, Wyo., Feb. 2.-Charles Wood
ward was safely landed in Casper jail
to-dayi There .was much excitement, but
no attempt . at violence. The Jail was
heavily guarded, as many believed an at
tempt would be made at lynching.
Woodward denied that he was impli
cated in the murder of Ricker, and said
he did not know, about it until he was
placed under arrest. The sheriff stated
that Woodward had confessed to two
parties with whom he had been intimate
shortly before his arrest. ..Woodward is
2S year:* old and was born in Dlxon, 111.
jail officiate guard
"against a lynching
The third evening levee of the season at
Washington in honor of the members of
Congress was one of ..the largest recep
tions ever held at the White' House. : On
this occasion Mrs. Roosevelt appeared to
greater advantage than ever. ¦ Aside from
The last festivities before Lent will be
without the presence of a most lovable
young matron, Mrs. L. H. Bryan. Next
Saturday Mrs. Bryan leaves for a six
weeks' visit to Mexico. She will.be tho
guest of her mother. Mrs. W. W. Fflton,
at Mazatlan. Mrs. Bryan will be accom
panied by her two children and "Miss
Mabel Toy and Miss Rowena Burns, who
anticipate a very pleasant trip.
Mrs. . W. H. Crocker has decided to re
call the invitations issued for the dance
at her residence on February 4 in honor
of Miss Elizabeth Sperry and also for the
large reception to have been held on Feb
ruary 8, this action being taken on ! ac
count of the serious illness of J. L. Sperry
of Oakland, an uncle of Mrs. Crocker.
The Crocker dance was a much-talked-of
affair and every one will be disappointed,
of course, but more- pained to know of
Mrs. Crocker's anxiety for Mr. Sperry,
whose death is hourly expected. Society
seems fated the present season to enjoy
but little of the hospitality of this fam
ily. Only recently Elsie Sperry. was com
pelled to cancel invitations for a Sunday
tea because her brother had pneumonia.
Miss Kathryn Robinson wore a plain
white brocaded satin gown, cut decollete,
with a bertha of rare oldpoint lace. The
simplicity of the gown -suited the occa
sion and rendered, the charming Kathryn
even more lovable . than ever— if you can
imagine such a thing. Miss Edith Pres
ton was radiantly beautiful in a spark
ling black Jet creation, which contrasted
with her hair. The effect was most strik
ing. Pearl Landers was a picture in her
gown of white spangled tulle. Kate Her
rin was irresistible in. her simple yet
elaborate gown of heavy cream lace over
white taffeta. It was cut princess and
fastened down the back, with showers of
chiffon flounces about the feet. Gladys
McClung was radiant and charming in
rose pink organdy.
It was a great pity that the flat went
forth not to costume for the bal poudre,
as some of the girls refused to see the
consistency of appearing ' in twentieth
century gowns with colonial dame heads,
but It was theirs not to make reply.
Therefore, the party gowns were looked
over and the most piquant one chosen.
And a picturesque assembly is was! Some
of the fair guests were gowned as simply
as their great-grandmothers would have
wished. Here and there an old but ever
new lace flchn about the shoulders en
hanced the beauty of the wearer and
corresponded happily with the style of
hairdressing.
The society buds who crowned their
beauty with powdered hair on .Wednes
day night are regretting that life is not
one long, delightful bal j poudre. There
will be no more longing to have their
hair "touched up" to approximate that
"stunning red," for the dear girls have
discovered that white hair is infinitely
mofe becoming than even their own.
They had heard, it is true, that white
hair softens the lines and gives to the
face a setting that , is gentle and pleas
ing, but the truth fully., dawned . upon
the debutantes on the eventful Wednes
day when they had fairly completed their
toilets and stood before their mirrors
studying the effects of the snowy locks
and tiny patches of black courtplaster.
Of course, the young men afterward con
firmed their ideas upon the subject and
since that happy evening the girls, who
heretofore insisted they did not want to
live to be old, are impatient for Dame
Time to give them white hair, as they
are quite sure that nothing else could so
effectively bring out their beauty.
By Sally Sharp.
It was subsequently learned that the
name of the reckless driver was Hopkins
and that he was the son of Mrs. J. E.
Hopkins of 928 Van Ness avenue. Mrs.
Hopkins called on Bunner yesterday and
offered to pay all the damages resulting
from her son's wild drive. Bunner says
he Intends swearing out a warrant for
Hopkins" arrest on a charge of battery,
and has also engaged attorneys to prose
cute him both civilly and criminally.
A bystander, who refused to give his
name, grabbed the horse, and, notwith
standing the driver's profane and pro
fuse objections, held the animal until the
injured were extricated from their peril
ous position. Robert Malburg, an em
ploye of the Fire Department, sent the
injured woman and child to their home,
at 1221 Broadway.
k It was found that the child's foot had
Heen badly crushed by the horse's hoof
and that both she and her aunt were badly
bruised. |
While Gladys Bunner, the 4-year-old
daughter of Police Officer Stephen Bun
ner, was crossing the corner of Grove
and Webster streets, about 5 o'clock on
Saturday afternoon in company of her
aunts, Mrs. Fellinger and Constance Bun
ner, a buggy containing a man and
woman was driven upon them, and Mrs.
Felllnger and the little girl were knocked
oown and severely injured.
Serious Accident.
Stephen Bunner Meet With
Sister and Daughter of Police Officer
E.ECKLESS DRIVER RUNS
OVER WOMAN AND CHILD
POWDERED HAIR
MAKES HIT WITH
SOCIETY BUDS
Dominie Ad, Dixit Dom., Confitebor. Beatus
X lr '.wcf ate Pu erl::(Lejeal). choir; 'Xaudate
Dom (Steams), choir; contralto solo, "Lucis
Creator" (GuKllelmo), Mlsa Fannie E. Ryan;
chorus, "MaCTiiflcaf (Lejeal), choir; quartet
_ T Alma Redemptoris" (Flotow), Mrs. McQIadel
Miss Ryan, Mr. Manlloyd and Mr. Sandy;
tenor solo. "Ave Maria" (Howland), Rev. Rob
ert Sesnon; soprano solo "O! Salutaris" (Wie-
Rc* \i. Mls " Maude Fa y: violin obligate. Mrs.
C. Sullivan; chorus, "Tantum Ergo" (Rossi)
choir; orgran, "Coronation . March" (Bleder
mann), S. B.-Bogrart.
The committtee in charge of the enter
tainment is composed of the Rev.M. Rior
dan, C. D. Maloney, Mrs. J.Doran, Miss
Tiny McClellan, Mrs. F. J. McDermott,
Mrs. M. Powell, Miss Ella McClellan. Miss
T. Curtiss, Miss Kate Byrne, Miss Mc-
Clellan, Miss Kate H. Abbott, Miss Mary
McDonald, Miss- Jennie Johnson, Miss L.
Creed.
. The orchestra will be in charge of
Musical Director. H. Seekamp. Among
those who will assist are Mrs. H. See
kamp, Mr.; Griffiths, Mr. Braun, Mr.
Bruenn and Mr. Stevens. .
his lieutenant. M. Donegan; Frederic, a pirate
apprentice, Dr. Kichards; Major General Stan
ley of the British army, F. W. Huber; Ed
ward, a sergeant of police. C. Kendrick; Ma
bel, General- Stanley's daughter, ¦ Mrs. Ed
Burns: Ruth, a piratical maid of; all .work.
Mrs. E. H. Kast; General Stanley's daughter*
— Isabel, Miss Flemmlng; Kate, Miss R. "Van
der Nalllen; Edith,, Miss L. Berretta.
MAKES CHARGES
AGAINST REGENTS
The arrangements for the entertainment
are In the hands of a committee, which
has been .indefatigable in its efforts
toward the success of the affair. The
school is in need of financial assistance,
or, rather, the ladies feel that its work
eut Hies -the sisters of the convent .to.re
ceive some recognition of a special nature.:
Toward that end the , benefit has been
planned.
It is through the courtesy of a number
of talented amateurs of San Francisco
that the opera will be presented. The cast
will be comDOsed of those, who recently
gave the pretty and popular opera across
the bay. They have volunteered their
services in behalf of the Berkeley school.
The cast Is as follows:
¦ Richard, a pirate chief, Ed McGinty; Samuel,
ruary 10 at Shattuck Hall for the benefit
of the school of St. Joseph's Presentation
Convent. .
The only evidence against McCarthy
when arrested was his suspicious actions.'
When the detectives arrived on the scene
they followed the same clew and the con
fession to-day was due to the pressure
brought to bear on McCarthy, who was
confined In . the County Jail on a thirty
days* sentence for vagrancy.
GLENDIVE, Mont., Feb. 2.— Jerry Mc-
Carthy, who was arrested on suspicion of
¦being, implicated In the diamond .robbery
at Glendive January 19, when two trunks
belonging to S. H. Clausen & Co. r whole
saia jewelry manufacturers, were taken
from the Northern Pacific baggage-room,
broken open and diamonds to the value of
from $10,000 to $15,000 stolen, last night con
fessed to having stolen them himself.
This afternoon McCarthy was taken to
Terry, forty miles west of Glendive,
where he had cached the diamonds. They
were recovered intact.
DIAMOND THIEF CONFESSES
AND GEMS ABE RECOVERED
THREE MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE HAVING IN CHAr'GE THE PREP
ARATIONS FOR THE "PIRATES OF PENZANCE," TO BE GIVEN FOR
ST. JOSEPH'S PRESENTATION CONVENT OF, BERKELY.
Cissy Loftus Regains Health.
DETROIT, Feb. 2.-Mlsa Cissy , Loftus,
who was too ill to appear in yesterday'*
performance of . "If I Were King:." re
covered sufficiently by this afternoon to
proceed to Toledo, where she rejoined the
company.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 2.— The boaid
of directors of the American Academy of j
Political and Social Science at its annual I
meeting elected the following officers: \
President, Professor Leo S. Rowe; vice
presidents— Samuel McCune - Lindsay,
Franklin H. Giddings > and Woodrow Wil
son; .secretary, James L. Young; counsel,
Clinton Rogers Woodruff; treasurer,
Stuart Wood; librarian. Professor John
L. Stewart.
The resignation of Dr! Lindsay as pres
ident of the academy was accepted. Pro
fessor Lindsay has recently been appoint
ed by President Roosevelt Commissioner
of Education of Porto Rico, which makes
it impossible for him to continue direct
ing the affairs of the, academy. Professor
Rowe, ¦ who has recently returned from
Porto Rico, where he served nearly two
years as a member of the commission ap
pointed by President McKinley to revise
the laws of -Porto Rico, succeeds Dr.
Lindsay in the executive direction, of
academy work. .
POLITICAL AND SOCIAL
. SCIENCE ACADEMY . CHANGES
Stage Manager Puts Up Bail for Or
pheum Artist Arrested for
Expectoration.
Harry Omdorff. stage manager of the
Orpheum, was obliged to part with $10
yesterday afternoon against his wilL
Shortly before the matinee an arrest was
made by police officers near the Orpheum
on O'Farrell street, the victim being a
typical Chinatown vagrant. While a
crowd was waiting the arrival of the
patrol wagon a member of the Da Corna
family of acrobats strolled up to see what
was going on. Da Coma expectorated
the sidewalk in the presence of a police
officer and to his astonishment found
himself under arrest.
The officer would not listen to Da
Coma's plea for freedom, and when he
insisted that he must be at the Orpheum
to do his turn the officer promised to al
low him to do a "turn" at police head
quarters.
Orndorff was informed of the trouble
and the matter was adjusted by the stage
manager putting up $5 bail and guaran- ,
teeing that Da Coma would appear this i
morning before Judge Fritz for trial.
When the Chinatown vagrant saw Da !
'"oma released he also urged that he had
to do a "turn" 1 at the Orpheum, and as j
the laugh was on Orndorff he put up an- '
YOher 55 for the vag's release and the pa- !
*rol wagon went away empty. Orndorff
m sure of Da Coma ' appearing in court,
put he has his doubts as to the appear
knee of the "Wandering Willie" in court
this morning.
HARBY ORNDOEFF COMES
TO ACROBAT'S RESCTFE
Judge Harrington, who has been active
ly engaged in the lynching case since last
June, is nearly worn out. The nervous
strain Is telling on his system and It is
surprising that he has not been compelled
to adjourn court for a season for rest. It
is only his iron constitution and great ner
vous energy that keeps him on the bench
as judicial officer in the case.
The strain is likewise telling on counsel
for the prosecution and the defense and
this great depletion of nervous force
doubtless is responsible for many ot. the
disgraceful scenes which have made the
case such a curious one In the annala of
California judicial proceedings.
ALTURAS, Feb. 2.— The usual Sunday
quiet has prevailed In Alturas to-day.
Judge Post of the Attorney General's of
fice stated to-night that he would not be
at all surprised if the fate of Jim Brown
was placed in the hands of the jury within
three weeks. It has practically been de
cided that no night sessions ot the court
will be held for the present.
Alturas Case Will Probably Be in
Jury's Hands in Three
Weeks.
JUDGE AND LAWYERS
ABE NOW VERY WEARY
The robbers entered the butcher shop of
Quast & Co. by a rear window and re
moved a 700-pound safe through the open
ing into the street. • ¦¦ .*
One man was left to guard it whHe- oth
ers, It is supposed,. went for a conveyance
to haul it away. William Ertle; formerly
town marshal, happened ; along during
their absence and the robber on guard
took a sbot at him.
Ertle pulled his gun and returned the
fire, and a lively fusillade followed. The
bullets flew wide -of their mark and the
robber turned and ran, escaping in the
darkness. The safe contained a large
sum of money. , •¦'..' ¦ \ . , - •
AUBURN, Feb. 2.— A daring robbery
was attempted : at ¦ Rocklin last night, but
was frustrated by the timely arrival of^ a
citizen. ¦ , ".. v " Vi •"
Special Dispatch to'.The Call.
I make no attempt to excuse the railroads
for violating the law, but I insist that the
commission's attitude is inexcusable. - Of
fended because the courts overruled Us er-.
roneous assumptions of Dower in other direc
tions, it has been: sulking for years—^-trying to
create the false impression that the act ia
worthless and seeking to use the rate cutting
which It couM and ought to have prevented as
a basis for demanding radical powers which
would in no way tend to correct it.
The commission seems to have made in
vestigations upon the cubject, not to enforce
the act. but simply to advertise it* contention
that the act is not enforceable. Moreover, no
part- of the new power now asked by the. com
mission would have the remotest tendency to
prevent this rate cutting, and this report
shows that this Is now the evil to be contend
ed with.
As an illustration of Its methods, it state*
in its last annual report that the courts have
held that to convict for paying a rebate it is
necessary to show not merely that the railroad
company paid a rebate to a particular ship
per, but- It. must also be shown that it did
'not pay the same rebate to> some other ship
per, which as a practical matter is almost
impossible. This statement la not true. The
very decision referred to distinctly holds that
the mere fact of paying a rebate from the,
tariff rate is in. itself an offense, regardless
of what was paid by anybody else and the
act makes this offense punishable by a fine
which -may be as much as $3000 for- each
Instance where the tariff rate i has been de
parted from.
The commission endeavors, as it has done.
for years, to excite support for its demand tor
more power by describing the prevalence of
secret rate cutting. . It* held new' Investigations
at Chicago and Kansas City to disclose con
ditions which it has known for years, delay
ins the publication of its report so as to give
the results of these hearings.
. The Indisputable fact must be kept befor*
the public -that the prevalence pf rat© cutting
is an unanswerable argument airalnst giving
the commission more power, because it is due
principally to the commission's utter failure
to perform its manifest duty.
The paramount purpose -of the law vu to
secure publicity : and the maintenance of tariff
rates. . It IS the express duty of the commis
sion to keep advised and enforce the ' law. It
has the widest possible powers of investigation,
including the right to call for tfie production
of all . books, documents and papers, and It
can require the District Attorneys of th»
United States to prosecute all violators. These
powers have been upheld by the courts. Th»
commission, however, has not only failed to
devote its time and energy to discovering and
prosecuting violations of the law, but it haa
by It3 suDineness acquiesced In and encouraged
them and has done all In Its power to break
down the force of the act and make it a dead
letter by constantly proclaiming that - th*
courts bava made its enforcement Impossible,
whereas not a single decision has impaired
the commission's power ta prevent rate cut
tine. ¦ . . .. .
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 2.-That the
Interstate Commerce Commission is • It
self to blame for the rate-cutting which
it condemns in its last annual report is
the claim made by "Walker H. Hines. first
vice president of the Louisville and Nash
ville Railroad Company, in a pamphlet
that he has just Issued. Hines has given
special attention to thl3 subject in sub
stance as follows: .
Lawrence J. Dwyer, who died on Satur- j
&%T afternoon. Aubertin took an active
;>art in the formation of the Union Labor
party.
Tno selection of Aubertin was made on
Saturday night at a meeting held in the
headquarters of the Theatrical Mechanics*
Association at 113 OFarrell street. It was
stated at the meeting that none of the de
feated candidates on the Union Labor
party ticket who have demanded a re
count of the votes for Supervisor at the
last election would be appointed, as their
chances of winning seemed to be increas
ing every day. There was considerable
discussion as to the advisability of sug
gesting the name of any candidate at this
time, but the friends of Aubertin carried
the day.
The name of the" proposed candidate has
not yet been sent to Mayor Schmitz with
the recommendation of the committee,
but the Mayor was advised of the action
taken and is said to have declared him
self. He Is reported to have talked about
•Indecent haste" and made use of other
wtrong expressions, winding- up -with the
positive declaration that he would not ap
point Aubertin, but would act otherwise
upon his best Judgment.
Aubertin is at present holding a clerk
ship under Powel Fredrick, the Mayor's
appointee as clerk of the Justices' Court.
The salary attached to this position is the
same as that of Supervisor, but the Su
pervisorial billet is much more to be de
sired. This is doubly true as the status
of Fredrick has not yet been judicially
determined. Mayor Schmitz will probably
announce the name of the successor to
the late Supervisor in time for him to
nuallfy before the next meeting of the :
| !?oard after to-day.
George I". Aubcrtin, for many years oc
cupying a prominent position as an offi
cer In Journeymen Barbers' Union No.
14S, has been selected oy the executive
committee of the Union Labor party as its
candidate for Supervisor to succed the late
The party marched 14.000 versts. Topo
graphical Tsnryeysr were made, astronom
ical observations were taken in forty
places and meteorological observations
were conducted at Zaidam for fourteen
months. The transport of the collections
gathered by the expedition required the
use of fifty camels.
Three months were spent in making
collections of rare and hitherto unknown
animals.
xhe return journey was "begun in the
middle of March. The Chondo authori
ties sent guides and gifts for the Czar out
of gratitude to Captain Koseloff for re
maining, away from that place. On tho.ir
way the explorers were attacKed nv
Tangutes, but Russian rifles were vic
torious. The second attack was made
from an ambush. Captain Koseloff, how
ever, had expected it and sent part of his
men to fall upon the enemy's rear.
Through the influence of a L#ama of a
neighboring convent the Tangutes were
persuaded not to further molest the Rus
sians. The return to Zaidam was there
after without, danger. Kiachla (Siberi.i)
was reached by way of Urga (Mongol a)
in November. 1901.
Secure a Valuable Collection.
The population of the valleys are Tan
eutes. 'lhey live as nomads, following
ineir herds of cattle. Tiiey are warlike
and are armed with guns, sabers and
pikes. Another tribe, the Galyks, keep
nerds and raise wheat and barley on the
slopes. Their houses are two or three
stories in height and are built of clay and
stones. At a distance they look like small
towers. The Galyks feared reprisals for
the murder of the Frenchman, Dutreil do
Rhins. in 189G, which, they explained, was
due to his entering a temple.
Captain Koseloff reported that a strong
anti-British feeling prevailed among the
Thibetans. They gave the expedition no
trouble until, having crossed the Hoangho
and the Yang-tse, the explorers ap
proached the Mekong River, when the
natives declared the visitors must return.
Two hundred men fired from ambush as
the Russians were crossing the Dsa'Chu,
but the latter, by the use of their rifles,
drove them off after two hours' fighting.
Twenty natives were killed and seventeen
others' were wounded. Soon afterward,
an embassy .came from- Chondo to beg
Captain Koseloff not • to go to that, the
second religious capital of the country.
The request was heeded. Captain Kose
loff remaining where he was until a por
tion of his company had explored east
ward to the Yang-tse.
Suddenly Attack the Party.
Captain Koseloff (who has been a mem
ber of an earlier exploring expedition to
Thibet), accompanied by Ladyguin, a lin
guist; Officer Jvaznakoir" and sixteen sol
diers, entered the desert of Gobi on the
eastern slope 'of the Altai Mountains, In
July, 1S99. The party traversed the des
ert in three columns. It was found that
the desert was not a plain, but was in
tersected by a chain of hills running from
northwest to southeast. The party re
assembled at fcinlli ana proceeded to Zai
oam, passing northward of the Koko-
Kor. .fart ot tire baggage was left under
guard of lour men in Zaidam. The ex
plorers quickly penetrated the Thibetan
Highlands, reaching a height of 17,000 feet
in a few days. 1'ne climate was severe,
but both vegetable and animal life were
found in plenty. Large herds or yaisa
and koulans <wild asses) and numerous
wild boars were met. Three skins equal
in size to skins of polar bears were
brought back.
8T. PETERSBURG, Feb. 2.-Caplahi P,
R. Koseloff. the explorer of Thibet, who
recently reached Irkutsk, made a detailed
report of his expedition on arriving at
that city.
Natives Are Repulsed After
Two Hours of Desperate
Fighting.
Mayor Schmitz Says Hurry
to Act Sav of "In
decent Haste."
Charges That Its Members
Pail to Do Their Mani
fest Duty.
Coin -Laden Safe^Is Lifted
Through a "Window and
Abandoned. ¦¦'¦
Citizen of Rocklin Saves
Money of a Butcher
Firm.
Railroad Man Blames In
terstate Commerce
Commission.
Make a Sudden Attack
From * Ambush on
Russian Party.
Executive Committee
men of Labor Party
Suggest Him.
RATE CUTTING
AND ITS CAUSE
BULLETS STOP
THE ROBBERY
THIBETANS FIRE
OM EXPLORERS
FAVOR AUBERTIN
FOR SUPERVISOR
SAN FRANCISCO AMATEURS TO SING
"PIRATES OF PENZANCE" IN BERKELEY
Gilbert and Sullivan Opera Will Be Presented at Shattuck Hall for the
Benefit of the .School of . St. ? s Presentation Gbnvent, Which
Is in Need of Financial Aid, and Committee Expects a Great Success
¦ ¦ ¦ . ! v •- ? . • , .
TELE ! SAN-:FBAJNClSCP r ;':CA-)JL;^MON'DAYf.;'EEBR
7
POSTUM CEEEAL.
ALL ALIKE.
Doctors Agree on Food.
All physicians agree that good food,
properly selected. Is of the utmost im-
portance, net only for the cure of dis-
ease, but tc maintain health even when
one Is well.
Dr. Wm. Hale of 14 Pleasant St.. Glou-
rester, Mass., Bays: "I count it a pleaB-
jre to say a good word for Postum.Food
Coffee, with which I have been enahled
to relieve so many sufferers, and which J
vomit, with its valued companion jGrapc-
Svtn, one of the daily blessings. '¦ . =
'•Coffee was banished from my <_,\vi
r.ble fome lime aso and Postur.i ujsjfj
"gularly in its r,; a ce.
•'I frequently find it nrefssary to i!i-
nrvct "patients when they take " 1'c.pturi
Coffee for the first tin™ to be <juite sure
(hat it has been boiled long enough to
Ming out the clear, black color and the j
rich taste, as well as the health-giving '
qualities."
The Doctor inclosed the names of .«ix
kVitientB who were formerly nervous dys-
(P e Ptlcs, but have been cured by his pro-
fessional care and the discontinuance of
coffee and the us-ing of Postum Food Cof-
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
is just what it claims \
to be— an infant's food 8
Jtnat has no equal
except mother's
milk. Send a postal ((L
for a free sample. 5 5)
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY. ]Jjf
BOSTON, MA55. — J^U
®YIM. VIGOR. yiTALlTTftor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
. have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and tbetr
I followers. Positively cure ths
I worst ca.sea • in old and . young -
arising from effects of self*
.abase, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure • Lost
Manhcod, Impotency. • Lost ; •
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Palna in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unntnesa to Mar-
ry.'Losa of Semen.' /¦» Varicocele or Con-
stlpation^Stop Ner **3 I J vous Twitching of \
Eyelids, Effects are r^m-mrm Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»* 1 « * « ncy to every func-
tion. Don't set despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain, and nerve centers; 50c a box;. 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fre».
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Elli» St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., % 3S
and 40 Third 'street.
ivisrr DR. JORDAN'S great, '
ThUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A gfe 1351 VIASSi::i.i9t.6:i*?J:, 3.7. Si!. ,
X ¦' .^y The tirjrestAeattmicalMusensjtallls * '
¦ O '_j3i_Tnl Woild.' ' weaknesses or any contracted , i
V UEKsRSi *«ase p«.IU»^Iy cared hy the oldest
O /jSTSai Specialist en the Coast. Est g& years. ( I
!4;$ff | DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
9(SxSa Consultation free and strictly prvat* \
I j^fjS Treatment personally or by litter. A m •
M fir SJN JPvritive Curt in every case undertaken . T
P tf lift Write for •Book. raiI.O.H«r«Tf«f A
I | }¦• SARRMVE, MAILED FKBE. ( A 7
A « Cr valuable book for m<*n) \
T DB. JOBDAX <* CO.. 1051 Markets:.. 3. F. V
DR. MEYERS & CO.
/Ms^XK SPECIALISTS FOa MEN.
(rm^^is\ Established 1SS1. Con-
f w H I £Ulta W°D and private* booic .
-I vfc_ j^WJ,'j "free at office or by malL
¦'¦ \ rSWffai / Cures guaranteed.
\£S*?$/ 731 MARXET SI.
Ndfc^V SAN FBANCaSCO. CAL. ';
RAD WAY'S READY RELIEF , has stoort
unrivaled before the public tor Cu years as a
? Fain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
: cures all Colds, Sore. Throats, Influenza, Bron-
i chitis, Pneumonia'. ; Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
i Headache,. Toothache and all pain. Internally ?
I tar Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drugzlata."THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUAEY 3, 1902.
8
SAKT FRANCISCO CALL. {
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
•intil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOo Hares street; open until 9:80 p. m. -
C3» McAl'.leter etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
"15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2281 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m
306 Eleventh street; open until P p. m.
3006 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m-
Xorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. £y
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery ,».
Xo. 16. K. T.. €25 Sutter f=t.— Stated
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 Jf5
o" clock. Order of Temple. All f raters ' »a
are courteously invited. • ' r
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chanter No. 1. *
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS
evening. Business and Installation. KZ
H. G. PRINCE. Secty. ' ' »
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and ¦
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING JS\m
. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated meeting. /%/\
WALTER G^ ANDERSON. Sec '^
HERMA/X Lodse No. 127. F. and A. ¦
M. — Stated meeting THIS DAY
¦ MONDAY). February 3. 1902. at 7:30
o'clock p m. By order of the TV. M. * ¦» "
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. st
& A. M.. 1889 Fillmore st. Stated _^\_
meeting and second decree THIS T5J\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /?'
< HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. TCmnrp.
O. O. F.— Initiation MONDAY #5?3^C
EVENING, February 3. Mem-
bers and visitors come and see ¦^WBw-
the new officers do the work. •!¦£-
* WM. B. AYER. N. Q.
THE regular monthly .^ r >^TH...j»»^
meeting of the mem-
DAY. February 3, 1902, *"™'^ '** ™" "*
at 7 :30 o'clock p. m. A full attendance is
requested. J. I. SPEAR, Secty.
WHITE EAGLE Tribe No. 72. I. -Jg*^
O. R. M. — Officers and members aJ*S^^
are requested to assemble at our TfcsC**
wigwam on TUESDAY MORNING. Febru-
ary 4. at 8:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, L. J. Dwyer. By order of
A. LYNN. Sachem.
F. W. KATTELMANN.
• Chief of Records.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders cf the Matson Navl- '
pation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St.. in the city and '
county of San Francisco, State of California.
THT'RSDAY. the 13th day of February. 1902.
et the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS, Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and county of
Fan Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February, 1902, at the
licur cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
fl«ctir.g directors for the ensuing year, and
Ib* transaction of euch other business as
may come before said meeting.
S. M. RICKE3T. Secretary.
1^t»d January 27,. 1902.
a\M.M. Meeting — The regular annual meet-
!nr. pf the f-tockholders of The California
? '¦rar Refinory will be held at the office of
:>•¦.; oompany. 327 Market St.. San Fran-
• !tco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of
February. J902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
«. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
«t directors to ferve for the ensuing year,
Knd the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS A. SoTetary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENT to handle new line steel pens; big
profits: exclusive territory. The Bessemokl
Co.. Boston, Mass.
' ADOPTION.
HEALTHY blonde or brunette boy baby for
adoption from swell parents; only responsible
parties need apply. EMELIA FUNKE, 1416
Eighth St., Alameda.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted; readings
by mail If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick;quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 j'rs.
Op«-n evenings byappointment;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy: collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale: partner-
ships: deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless «?ue-
Cfssful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Masou.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k?t gt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
100 Sanrome st.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN. *
BERKELEY— Good home for children; near
school; $S up. 2127 Prince st.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLDi ~~"
BOOXS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1046!
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $3000 :DRY goods and notions store? best
location; stock will invoice the price: sickness
compels own<*r to leave the city. Call R G
\VILKE. 26 U Keamy Et.
A-?eo0; HALF-INTEREST" in one of the best
down town saloons; rent $50; a good paying
business and rare chance. Call jtl G
itVULKR 2«JU Kearny st.
>-— SIC*"" 1 : PARTN*ER wanted In manufactur-
ir.g business to attend office. Call R. G.
V.iLKK. 36»j Kcarny et.
A— S70<>: SALOON establ. year*; close to Kear-
ny and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE 26»i
Kraray st.
A— ?1W; COFFEE pa'oon and restaurant on
rourtb n. ; rent S25: daily receipts^ about
$2. r »; owner to leave for Nevada. Call K G
WILKE, 26 4 K«arny st.
A-5300; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 llv-
ir.g rooms; best location In the Mission; rare
ohen-'e. See R. G. WILKE, 20^4 Kearny st.
A — $i:»00: BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
fir." living rooms; most store trade; baking
abrut 2^. barrels per day. Call R. G.
5.WILKB. _2gfe Kearny st.
A — $000; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least 9200
pf r month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S*£ Kearny.
A— $1000; CANDY store on Mission st. ; rent
$18; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
ing business; value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny st. - r >
A— $1000; HAY. grain, wood asd coal yard on
Mission. St.: rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a rood
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 28ij Kearny.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop house: kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $160 per
nonth; located In and between large hotels:
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial rriven
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. J
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$100; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Pali R. G. WILKE, 264 Kcarny st.
.A-TCOO: COFFEE saloon and restaurant- es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
rlo«e to Chronicle building-; bargain: call
foon. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
RYAN & O'UOURKE. 819 Market. Tel. Mint 863
Room 31
40 saloons. $225 to $5000
?O restaurants. $lfiO to 6000
~ *•>£*! Eir.r.Js. 5180 to 3000
«r> candy, delicacy, notion, bakeries.
5 partnerghlpa. $100 to , 1500
$&5<X) — AN opportunity for tne- right party;
half interest in a manufacturing plant, in.
eluding half interest in the realty, which is
located in the manufacturing district.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$250 — PARTNER in fine saloon: erand loca-
tion; positive safe, reliable Investment; «lon't
miss it. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 821 Market et. ¦
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. s. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st. ;
CIGAR stand for eale: only $125; worth 5300:
eickness; come, investigate; no agents. 24.1
Third st. - . ¦ ¦ •
DRESSMAKING — A long , established and buc-
cessful dressmaking business for sale. ' Ap-
ply at rooms 135 and 136, Murphy building.
TEN persons, capital $23, play successful sys-
tem. Ideal Information Bureau, 32S O'Farrell.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY....:. 634-636 Clay at.
..............Phone Main 8848..'....
¦ .... .....Leading Employment Agents........
.."....;.... ...Office Open 7 a. m...
". 8 1 single hand miners, gold mine/ $75; helper
• in stable. ' city, $20 and found: 2 teamsters:
' 6 farm hands;- 5 choreboys and choremen; 3
slack coopers, near city,' $35 . and found;
;, farmer and wife, fruit farm, $40 and found:
- old - man ¦ to help on * wagon, city, $10 and
. found ...... ..-."...... '."
............ WOODCHOPPERS ........'
. .........Cheap Fares, Ship To-day....:....
.80 more woodchoppers to. chop virgin tim-
' . ber on level . ground, new camp, ¦ prices :
.......... .Redwood, 80c per cord..' '.
................ Pine. $1 25
.............. Hardwood. $1 50 ;....
Stovewood. $1 75 to $2 per cord.......
..Ties. 10c to 18c each
6 cooks. 4 waiters, 18 kitchen hands and
« others :
•¦MURRAY & READY..... . .634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
......Railroad Work ..Free Fare
59 drillers and headers. ......... $2 50 a day
60 muckers and laborers .$2 a day
..-.Free Fare.. ..Ship Dally. ...Free Fare...
Harness-maker ; with ( tools, railroad camp.
$40 and found. ...Free Fare
Nurse, institution, country... $30 and found
Young Scandinavian or German about place,
'country.*. ...$20 to $25, see party hers
••....'..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
French chef cook, country. $75; short-order
cook, cafe, south. $80; cook, hotel, city, $60:
. second hand on cake, country shop, $40;
porter and night watchman, first-class coun-
try hotel, ,$30 and found, fare paid
German baker, country, $35 and found; . . .
O.R. HANSEN & CO.... .....10* Geary rt.
A— BLACKSMITH for dredger. $40 and found:
farmer and wife, steady place, $40 and
found; man about place, near city, $25 to $80;
gardener. I country, see boss here. < $25; dish-
washer, restaurant. $35; Scandinavian or
German house man. $15: - driver for milk
route, $30; redwood tie and post makers. W.
D. EWER & CO., 610 Play it.
THREE slack work coopers. $35 and board;
Scandinavian choreman. $15 and found; far-
mer and wife. $40 and found ; gardener. $35
and found: -pond man for mill. $60; carriage
setter. $60 to $75; choreman, private place,
$10 and found; woodchoppers. tlemakers,
oooks. porter* and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento at. .
BARBERS — Journeymen Barbers' Union meets
Monday evening, Feb. 8. W. E. Klepetskl.
general secretary-treasurer, will address the
.. union. -JOS. R, ' BLEILY, Cor. -Fin. S«o.
GOOD cutter and all round tailor for nearby
town. Call DETMER WOOLEN CO.. 643
Market at.
BOY grocery clerk; little experience preferred.
- BXYNNMBROS.. Mariposa and Bryant sts..
before 8 a.' m. '
BARBER wants second-hand furniture for bar-
ber shop. Leave word at 12 Fifth. st. by 12
. o'clock this day only.
BUSHELMAN. PLANZ & SON. tailors. 665
Geary st. i^VoVv
PANTSMAKER: state price. Address P. M..
box 3306. Call office. ' ¦
BOY wanted. Popular Price Hatters, 330
Kearny st. . . :
BARBER, middle-aged man, on percentage.
532 Third st.
WANTED — Man to sew and lay carpet. Apply
2523 & MisMon st. ' . ; .
AGENTS on salary and.com. Manhattan Stock
and Poultry Food Co., 1253 Folsom st.
STRONG boy or j young man • with experience
In a cake bakery. 911% Larkin st. ;-.
"WANTED — A strong boy In coal yard. 315
Ninth st. _ • •. .
YOUNG man wanted to wash dishes at 113
Ellis st. ¦
WANTED-A good* pianist. 911 Kearny st.
FOR SALE — Two chair barber shop; best pay-
ing shop in Vallejo, Cal. ; only reason for sell- -
ing, other business; best chance in the State.
Inquire Call office.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; splendid loca-
tion ; good reasons for selling. 1344 Turk st.
WANTED — Young man as entry clerk in a
wholesale house; must be a good penman and
quick at figures; state age and references
when making application. Box 3378, Call.
WANTED — A gentleman of good address and
well acquainted in this city; one who c»n
command business; a fine opportunity to the
right party. Box 3071, Call office.
$250 — WANTED, man with this amount; tend
cash counter; $50 month and board; no exper-
ience necessary. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
$175 — RESTAURANT: part cash; cheap rent;
living rms.; clears $t ! 0 mo. Brown. 1221 Mkt.
STEADY man .with $loO- cash can make $100
month. Apply 209 Kearny st., room 1.
ATTENTION — Ex- vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at t!30 Market St., O. E. HOWE.-
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Head starcher, S15 per week; must
s bf experienced. United States, Laundry, l(Uh
and 'Valencia sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the -marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bcdied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less tbaa 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
> eler for , Northern California . and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279, Call office. • • . .
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted in U- S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court of Claims.
CHAS. and WM. . B. KING.
••; ¦ . 344 Phelan" building.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED^-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hcuse proprietor, still
runs ¦ Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
I catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE.JS35 Clay st. ¦;
EXTRA pay now due U. S., Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army, shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber* trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, 3, 40, /Phelan
big. Pafet Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st...
GET your shoes half -soled while : waiting; 25c
to 50c 663 Mission St.. bet, jet and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ price. -563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25o night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED I advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. --¦ - • ¦¦ ' - - *
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT. of horses for. sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.: auction sales every Wednesday.
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
JUST arrived — 72 head well broke horses;
weight from 1150 to 1500 • lbs. ; suitable for
-laundry, express; milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co. . - . "¦ - ,
FOR SALE — Yearling pony. $30;- young small
mare" unbroken. $25,\ or exchange top buggy.
KLAPPERICH'S shop. 3 Grand St., off Mls-
sion. -:. , -. . : •
SANTA ROSA sale and stock. yard; horses,
harness and buggies bought and sold. -1490
Market -st, cor. Eleventh. Phone South 864.
HORSE, cart and harness, $40: buggy. $20;
wagon. $30; big horse. $50. 79 City Hall ave.
THREE gray mares. 1400 and 1600 lbs. 274
Dore st. , ¦;
A BARGAIN in. good . carriage, saddle, business
and road ; horses. .' DALZIEL, 605 Gt G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.- r
DRUMMERS' . sample gloves for sale at HEI-
.NEMAN'S. 100 Sansome st.
, CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
-received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
.HOUSES TO .LET.
A — PRINTED list houseTTtcriet ; ' sendTor^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
. HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
SHOTWELL, ,1111—5 t or C rooms; hot air
heater: piano. ," Call after 4'p.' m.
SACRAMENTO,^ 3712— Nicely furnished sunny
<v, house of 8 rooms; bath. Call 10 to 12 a.' m. •
ROUSES FOR SALE.
.NEW. modern 'house," 11 rooms'; \ sun all s day;
* large '- basement, * yard. '-• < Portola," . oft 'Waller,
bet. » Pierce . and Stelner. '•¦•¦¦¦ Inquire 63 .- Portola. '
-; HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES ' and ' gentlemen, ""¦ this . interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR.' and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 89, 139 Post St., , Llebes. building.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST"— Saturday, January II. 1902. certificate
No. 1 11 of the Gray Wing Mining Co.; trans-
fer of the same has been stopped. Return to
Call office. Oakland, and "receive reward.
LOST — Friday, Jan. 31, a statement book of
the S. F. Gas and Electric Co. Return to
office, 415 Post st., and receive : reward.
LOST— White bull terrier, brinclle st>ot on tail.
Return to DR.. J. A. - WELCH. 1215 Golden
Gate ave.; "reward.
LOST — Between Pacific ave. and Scott st. to
Clay and Broderlck; a lady's diamond ring;
clover design; liberal reward. 205 Front st.
LOST — Gold ring with 5 diamonds, fob and
locket; initials F. R. 520 Sansome st.; re-
ward. '''•..-' ' >'¦: ;*'¦ "->*¦- '-'^'.' "> .
LOST — Gold watch between 606 Leavenworth
and Taylor sts. on Geary. Return to 606
¦ Leavenworth ; reward.
LOST Sword stick pin set with small diamond
and number of pearls. Return St. Nicholas
Hotel, get reward.
$100 REWARD — Lost, Saturday. Jan. 25, pearl
and diamond wreath pin; 7 diamonds and 7
pearls. Return W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
LOST At Eintracht. ribbon fob and locket;
reward. H. HINTMANN, 0 Hampton place.
LOST— Fawn greyhound bltcji. Return to 1203
Guerrero St.; reward.
LOST — Japanese spaniel, black and white. Re-
tum to 1801 California st.: reward.
FOUND— In Mission, gold watch: owner to
pay expenses. Box 2399.. Call office. Oakland.
MATRIMONIAX.
GENTLEMEN- wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send lOo for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EUla.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. •»
MEDICAL.
LADIES All who are sick or in trouble call 4s
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
m»nt; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest caaeaj
all private diseases in both sex treated; blood
diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G. W.
. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. oppr Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15; rm.. board, $5 wk. ; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resid., 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles', physician, haa
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 112 Mason st.. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave. ~- .
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
at the old office. 1228 Market St.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies* physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. . Ma-
ternlty Home. 006 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
3INDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement ; best medical care ; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
, Union square: all diseases cured by herba.
MINES AND MIXING.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. 9.
¦ F. : branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
~ r ~ ~ MINING AXD ASSAYING.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated In Ne-
vada County, 15 miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claims, 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
. for inspection. I Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Ms-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOW steam jiump, 5-inch suction. 4-inch dis-
charge, Al. condition, $125; Knowles triple-
throw plunger pump, 6^&xS, almost new,
$250; direct connected engine and dynamo.
200 lights, all right.' $450; lathe." 28-inch
swing. 12 feet long, engine work, $250;
smaller lathes cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516
Mission st. ,
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
RUNTS, singles and pairs, five-pair lots cheap;
also 130 mated homers and two dozen com-
mon?. Address box 2401, Call office, Oakland.!
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms* or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. «30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— NEW Winchester rifle. 30-30. $10. HAR-
RIS' Loan Office. 105 Stockton st. : -
COUNTER, showcases and scales for sale
cheap. 216 McAllister st.
LARGE diamond ring" and gold watch and
chain for sale cheap. Box S204, Call office.
FRESH Jersey cow, second calf. Brazil ave..
and 328 Munich St.. five miles Mission car.
CLEARANCE sale of diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry. Harris' Loan Office. 105 Stockton st.
INCUBATORS for sale; 3 Petalumas. cheap.
Inquire C. M. BLACK, 682 Clementina st.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pups. 1167 Stan-
yan st v ' '
Wallpaper 3c. worth 10c ; paper hanging, paint-
ing. Merigan, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
'figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg"y.
BOATS, launches. - rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED— Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand lathe, in good order,
with chuck, face plate and tools. Address,
stating price. JAMES McCLATCHY CO.,
CO.. Sacramento, Cal.
BIG prices paid for Bealskln coats; also gents*
full . dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
. Office. 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED— Broilers and * California hens for
hotel and restaurant use. For particulars
apply at C. BENNETT & CO.. 423 Davis st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851.
NEW HYGIENIC TREAT3IENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Nes*
ave.; hours 10 to 12, 2 to 4; phone Pollc 1421.
J1ONKV U'O LOAN.
H^RJJA^32uRPHYT^6bT^xamln"er^bulild7ngT
S4.500.000 at lowest rates f'
...... on first and second mortgages .
Life Interests In estates '
Property being held in trust
.... Undivided interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes .
If You Need Money S
. SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.), • '
$300,000 at 5% & G per cent in sums to suit;
. City. Oakland. Town and Country propertj :
second mortgages, life insurance and securl-
i ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bids-
ANY' AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.'
First, second and third mortgages .*....
- Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.:..
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R.McCOLGAN
..24 Montgomery st.. room 3 .r. .....
ANY,proposltlon, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third " r.iortgages," estates in pro-
¦ bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities/ manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
. 1st floor. Chronicle bljr. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture, piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY.,26 Montgomery St.. op-
• , rosite . Lick House.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOTOVTO LOAJr~-Contlniied.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. : phone - Red 1603.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84tf
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, ft on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room 68.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc, 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commts. confidential. Whitehead.1710 Market.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
3% OX furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. « Eddy.
$1O UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private.
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
O*» salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you -want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposl- J
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
arosicAi* instruments.
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at 633 Market st. ; second-hand
COMPANY UP " THE WUiET R ALL E^
EVERETT. Hardman. Ludwlg Conover, Pack-
ard, Howard. Klngsbury, Straube. Jewett.
Cable. Stock. Smith and Barnes. These aro
the popular pianos of the day. For sals only
by THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO. 031-933
Market at.
ALL makes; rent $2 up. credited if purchased:
Installments $3 up; old* pianos bought and
exchanged; bargains $25 up in Steinway.
Heine. Chicfcering. etc.; agents -wanted for
KrolL Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; som» new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes -the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of ?ft per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos. i.
HAMILTON Pianos.
. BPETLMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER. "^
PIPE ORGANS. 1
BYRON MAUZT. 308-310-812 Post st. '
NO matter what you may bs in need of In the
way of a musical instrument, we have It and
will sell at a very low price. You can buy
on payments if you desire. New and second-
hand pianos. Simplex piano players. Olym-
pia music boxes. Graphophones, Phonographs,
Gramophones, in all styles. THE ZE.N'O
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION BARGAIN- HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $20 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 CFarrell. Chlckertrur. Mason,
& Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos. ,
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
fst.; established 1850.
A FINE large, upright, $150; a beaut " -*1v
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany
in use only a tew months, $275; new »
.to rent, $3 50; squares, $1 BO and $2: ' - i-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWEi:i5 •*:
SON, 23 5th St., agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'? failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go- easy payments; other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best in the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th and Church.
PIANO left on sale; for lack of space will ,
rent, stora or sell; no reasonable offer re- -
fused. 217 Geary st. a
MUST sell before Wednesday, elegant $550 vtQ
right piano for almost one-third cost. 5C5
Ellis st. ; >
NEW* cabinet grand piano; taken for debt; will
sell at fi. great sacrifice. 10S Oak st. j. ¦ . - .
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $73 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Mlssn.
A BARGAIN; fine upright piano; for sale cheap
for cash; call a. m. ; no dealers. 1227 Hayes.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
ELEGANT new upright Shumann & Sons for
sale cheap. 847 Haight st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. mpker. repairer. 2 Lathan place.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
¦ OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. 3. ¦\vnrria. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
' EMMA Spreckels building, 927 Market st.— Of-
fices with modern conveniences, $15 to $23.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
STORE and yard. 1056 Howard: suitable for »^
grocery or restaurant: rent $25. "^
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMO9. 1117 Market
St., bet-w^en Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio. __,
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each:
fame as white shirts: selection 300 patterna.
SHAMPOOING in 10 minutes, warm air. price
¦ 80c; halrdressing. any style, 25c: switches.
wigs. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
BERND KLASEN. born In Ashfrtesland, will
please call on Charles H. Cattennole, N.W.
cor.. Davis and Broadway.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 233 Sixth St., room
11; call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTflTTINC*
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call crjk
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for clrcul;g*J
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 14 \
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed l«y
electrlo needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.H70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
. electric needle. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vlda Company, 763
Valencia st.. corner Nineteenth. \
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' . Pavilion:
¦open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltB
¦ electric needle. MISS EATON. Ilia Sutter St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLIN.G. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Urs.'Eriggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALL IE M. NUNN. 1002% Dolores st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hail
A: moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Suttey
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigsi
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
'Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri*
cal costumer.- 26 O'Farrell ; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
¦ Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTE'S . FRENCH CORN PAINT,.
th» best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
KAIATCRS AXD DECORATORS. '
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tmtlng don»
• Hartman Paint Co.. S19 3d St.; tel. Red 3321
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
COACHMAN wants situation in private fam-
¦ ily; first class city and suburban references.
VH..RICHBNB. 214 . Third • St. '-
POSITION wanted by. an ' engineer and ma-
chinlBt . -with 20 years' experience: - nothing
.less than S4 60 per day considered; have had
I experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Addr.ean box 8302, Call office.
YOUNG man of 22 years, 7 months from Swe-
den, -with good morals, wants situation; .will
gladly accept any kind of work. Pleas* 'call
at 850 Fremont St., corner Harrison. ¦¦¦¦-.
MALE professional nurse; Al references; be-
longs to K. P. and Red Men; can tako care
of any case. Address JOHN NEWMAN. 963
. Mission st. , , , * ' '' - v " ¦ • -.
RELIABLE and sober young man wants posi-
tion as collector, clerk or assistant; city or
country; references given. . Box • 8465. Call.:
INTELLIGENT man wants light employment;
I city or country; store, ranch or mine. Box
3352. Call office. : .
POSITION as bookkeeper, office work or sales-
man in a wholesale or retail house; can gtv*
best of references. Box 3355, Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class laundry and ironing,
wants situation, city or country. Box 3403,
! Call office. . "¦•• -.
BAKER, young German. 2 years' experience,
wants position. Box 3301, Call.
; SITUATION as butler: first-class man; under*
. stands banquets. Box 8351. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation a few
hours day; steady; ref. Address 284 Clara.
A BRANCH of floe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -•..•' ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
, _¦ . ' _^ r^FINANCIAL. r|| ' * ¦¦_ ' - ¦/
I COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services;- good propositions wanted; sold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post »t.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 12 offices in operation;- new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
' ..'¦ FLATS TO LET.
A— ELEGANT, new, sun every room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing, 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marina
view, social, ¦ dance room, 5 and 6 rooms;
take Geary, MoAllister or Sutro cars; 753
to 765 -Sixth ave., near Fulton st. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.-
A— SUNNY new flats and houses. 5 to 8 rooms,
porcelain baths; low rent. 607. to 625 Fred-
erlck St.. near Stanyan. - . .
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat, 8 rooms, bath.
. 975 Golden Oat* ave. ; no children.
THREE-ROOM sunny upper flat $7. 80 Silver
street. • . . - ¦
e9 CENTRAL ave., nr. Haight — Sunny up-to-
date middle flat, 7 rms., porcelain bath; $S0.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO ' • LET— FURNISHED.
GROVE. 721% — Upper flat 5 rooms, nicely fur-
nished, complete for housekeeping, with piano.
furniture: for sale.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60, with" No! 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market.
FURHflTURK WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135t..
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wo. id;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE.
i MRS! m! E. DAY '"& • "c67IT!7??Phone Main "lSTS
| HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses. Southern California, $20 and
$25; 25 waitresses, commercial and city ho-
tels, $20, $25; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20;
2 chambermaids, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Girls of all nationalities for first-class city
and country positions; best wages
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO :>35 Geary st.
¦ SHIRT polisher and six starch ironers, South-
ern California. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
A— WANTED, girls and. women at S. F. Hair-
dressing College to. learn- halrdressing; trade
thoroughly In 2 weeks; course $5, Including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment, bleach-
ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions instoresall
over city: 5 positions in leading stores open to
those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F.' COLLEGE, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
i ¦ - — - ; : ¦¦
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, S2& Fremont St.: no experience
necessary: good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— German girl to do. cooking and
light housework in a small family. 130S
Polk St., near Bush. j '
' LADY agents. exDerience unnecessary, to sell
my gogds; big money to right parties. Call
S30 Turk st. . _j
G4»iL for upstairs work and assist with baby,
515. 2520 Green st.. near Scott. .
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing in small family. 1444 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for light housework; small family. Ap-
ply at 1938 Bush st.
WANTED^-First-class waist trimmer; per-
manent position. 330 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Improvers and apprentices at dress-
maklng: paid while learning. 330 O'Farrell.
GIRL wanted for second work. Call between
10 and 12, 2231 Clay st., corner of Buchanan.
YOUNG, active woman to wash glasses and
, silver in restaurant. 725 Market st.
WAITRESS wanted. 1191 Market st.
LIVE, active girl to work in delicacy store;
$4 a week and board. 619 Larkin st.
G-JTRL for shooting gallery. Inquire B23 Pa-
cific st.
APPRENTICE girls wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. -, Apply 1020B Folsom st
WANTED— A girl for general housework,
small family. $25; references. 1634 Fell st.
WOMAN to do light ' housework and cook for
an elderly woman. Apply 2631 Sutter st. -
GIRL to do general housework In a bakery;
wages $20. 911 & Larkin St. ' •
COMPETENT .nurse; 2 children; wages $20.
Call 80 Pierce St.. near Haight, 9 to 1 p. m.
FOREWOMAN and' designer who understands
cutting of ladies' waists and wrappers; must
be able to grade her own patterns; good po-
sition to right party. 656 Mission st.. third
floor. ..---, t ¦ ¦
WANTED— Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear: experienced only; steady work; elec-
tric pow*r; good pay. MARKS BROS.,' 1212
• Market J st. - *" > - ¦ ¦''. .-. ¦¦
$25 TO -$35 per week; five ladies and three
. gentlemen ;\ theatrical sketch; no experience
• necessary. Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting, Hoovery Hall. .1327 Market st. ,.
GIRL to learn typesetting on an old-established
-monthly; must have 'good common school
.education; $4 week first year; German or
'Swedish 'descent preferred. 616 Commercial.
A GIRL for general housework in a flat with
, family, of four. 815 Cherry st.; Sacramento-
street cars. ,
EXPERIENCED , operators . on ladles' under-
sklrts; steam-power. A. AARON. 879 Mis-
sion st. \ -.. - : ' '.
WOMAN as housekeeper; respectable family -of
2; terminus Ingleslde road; Mission car.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman, willing ' to
work; must be good in house. 243 Fifth st.
WANTED — Feeder for ruling machine. Apply
The, Hicks- Judd Co., 21 First st. .
EXPERIENCED waist -hands; good pay. • A.
H. HOFFMAN, 723 Market St., room 11..
OPERATORS to work in factor}'- 656 Mission
St.. fourth floor. , , - . ..':¦'¦ >
ENTERPRISING woman ¦ wanted by reliable
'firm; ref erences : required. Box 3374, Call. :
FINISHERS on pants,' also apprentices; steady
work, good pay. ¦ 407 Turk st. >..¦•¦¦ -¦ *
"WANTED-^Flrst-class experienced millinery
trimmer. Apply at HALE BROS.'. . ? . •;--
APPRENTICE in' millinery store at 692. Mc-
i Allister st. ; first-class teaching. : y-:
GERMAN ¦ girl ; for '• cooking and downstairs
.work. 1018 Sutler st. '
GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.'
HERTZ. 706 Ellis st; no charges. -; ' .
YOUNG, girl or woman to do light housework
¦ and: care of ¦ children. -V 1535 Devisadero st.
WANTED— First-class millinery • maker. Ap-
ply between 8 and: 11 a. m. ; at: HALE BROS;
A : GERMAN ., womanN as < governess ; state - re-
* llglon: salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
.Valencia st. . s '
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
JOSEPH ETRAUB,
850 Market et., ,cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Asrent. . ¦ ¦
Property bought .and sold.
- Rents collected. .
» Loans negotiated.
Ledtlmate Business
• Agent.
Do you want to eell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address.
SACRIFICE: — New furniture in cottagre. 7
rooms and bath; elegantly furnished: hot and
cold water; large yard; low rent; lovely
home; less than half original cost; Geary 6t.,
near Oetavia. Inquire room 72, St. Ann s
bldg.. 6 Eddy st. _> '-"-"-
$2500 'WILL secure for an ac/lve man. the best
business opening in the -tity; established.
Box 3373, Call^fflce.
PARTNER wanted; good office business; small
capital required; large profits. Box 3381, Call.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; good chance for
young man. 25 Geary st.. room 4.- •
$350 — BARGAIN; good downtown lunch house;
w«U established. Owner, box 3387. Call.
$600— FOR wile; the Palace Restaurant. Val-
leja. Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Filimor^.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOtt SALE.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRTFFIN, 71'J Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-bouses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
FIVE SAMPLE HOUSES.
A 12 r.; N. of Mkt.; rent $30; clears $35.$300
50 r.; corner: rent $100; clears $150 mo.:.2800
15 r.; N. of Mkt.: rent $65; clears $60... 1200
32 r.: rent $75; cor.; N. Mkt.; clears $80 mo.
23 r.; rent $40; Income $110. .'. ¦ 800
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE,
Call on US
Any House Sold on Payments
Call and Get Our Large List
...We Have Houses In All Parts of City...
7 rooms; bargain: easy terms $300
6S rooms; corner: clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain 800
13 rooms; very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. : phone John 531.
»O6 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A — McDANlEL. SKIRM & CO..
903 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
RELIABLE BROKERS. -
Any house on our books on monthly payments.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market St.; only $1700.
23 rooms: elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern building; must sell
this w%ek.
Select list of lodging-houses. Call before
. buying.
J"OR sale only by H. C. DECKER.
• 10 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only $650
14 rooms; Stevenson st 500
24 rooms; Market st 1000
16 rooms; near Market; rent $50 1100-
20 rooms; Turk St.; transient 1100
12 rooms; Very fine 400
34 rooms; rent only $30 ¦. 450
24 rooms; Geary st: 1750
MANY OTHER BARGAINS.
H. C. DECKER. 1020- Market ct.
A. CAMERON & CO.. " ~
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton tt.
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us. Buyers call. We
can suit you; clear title guaranteed; lodg-
ing and flat* houses from 5 to 108 rooms,
prices from $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
frcm S to £S rooms, prices $850 to $9000;
money loaned, \Vt per cent.
100 ROOMS; central; goo.l paying house. .$6000
12 rooms; north Market: r?nt $35 275
14 rooms; Ellis; clears Sit ,;. rent $55.. 1500
10 rooms:,yiorth of Market: r»>nt Sol).... 550
27 rooms; O'Farrell ; income $2lX>... 2400
28 rooms; boarding-house; central 3000
HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy St.. rms. IS and 19.
DONALD INVESTMENT~COMPANY.
850 Market st (Inc.). . ..Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant housss and
Loan money at lowest rates.
j Something new every day.
j New houses to lease.
! SPECIAL BARGAINS^ .
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell $575
30 rooms, rent only $75. near Powell St.. 1400
53 rooms, corner, modern building, snap.. S50
So rooms, rent $80. reduced to '. 1800
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
HOUSES on Van Nt*s ave.. Ellis, Eddy and
I other sts. N. of Market; cheap houses, high-
priced houses: real estate: partnerships; bup-
iness changes; mtares. bought & sold; money
loaned at low rates: good exchanges. FISH-
ER & CO.. 935 .Market: ph.nne Folsom 1592.
McBRIDE & CO.. 7f.o Market st.— Bargains in j
lodging-houseF. for sala.from $300 to $«000: I
call and fee our list before buyinc and 'we I
can satisfy you; if you want to sell, list. I
with us and we make quick sale. .1
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in al! parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL *; CO.. 1206 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE for *alf, $225: must be
sold: cause, dfath: 17 rooms. 2S 1 J Clay st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. S p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medicnl. clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
, TEST circle to-nieht by MME. THTES and
MR. J. L. K.. 25c. 033 Market St.; readings
daily: parlor 12.;
A— PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth St.: readings dally,
r»Oc and $1: circle every night. 10c.
MRS.VALEEN.medlum and palmist, will guide
you richt; 5Oc. 15S3 Market st.. near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk ltSOl: seance Sunday and Thurs.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall. 305 McAllister— Mr4 C. J.
Meyor; Kitting* daily; test to all to-night: 10^.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMeTm. BERNARD~ '"'
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.: next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
dr-scriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays evants to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, .un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how td overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
' up; satisfaction puarajnyed. Tel. Black 456U.
MRS. DR. F. CLAITKE. the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret ; shows yieture'future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays: hours, 10 to 3 p. m. 215% 6th.
I5MAR. tha Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114« Market, op-
positn Fixthi.:. "private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 323A Ellis,' clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c. $1. 234% Sixth St.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: lad. 25c;
Rents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
KNOW your future: card and palm reading: la-
dies. 25c: gents. 50c. 289 Fell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
50c. $1— Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
i . er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
i i — —
i MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
; advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
1 CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ins Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— CJeanlng,
| 3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating; works; prices
\. ¦ reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
" CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaniag and Reno-
; vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
• COLLECTION . OFFICES.
• COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 016 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body . of attorneys.
• GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No " charge
unless successful. - Rcom 310, 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ";
A— COZY, 5 rooms, bath? nice yard j 80 mln- i
: - utes' rid* from city. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
' 667 Market st. . . ' .'
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 827 Market «t.. Emma
Epreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, SI; sold and porcelain crowns, $5 up: ,
plates, a full set of - teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. - •-¦¦+**¦' ¦¦'•
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge* :
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
TJR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ;
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.'
4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, ?4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. rn. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.3., Manager.
! EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gras grlven ; lady attendant. R, C. ANDERSON,
D. D. 8., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break t
warranted 20 years; crowne, $3 50;flllinffs,00c;
' plates $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bufh — »
Full set of teeth, ?4; crowns, $3; filling*;. 50o.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; houn 10 to. 4.
SET of teeth without plate.-- DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
lesg ext.. 50c; plates >5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELTB C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 810 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterna cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH acoordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILQHR. 121 Post., over O'Connor & Mogat
EDUCATIONAL.
HEaTd'S SCHOOL OF"raScTRICAL"ENai-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
' — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
Colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is. this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. :
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account' g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-46, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide ; day eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re- !
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
C HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
PIANO leisons for 35c; first-class teacher
wishes to introduce her method. 3384, .Call.
Piano. vocal school: thorough, successful instr'n:
cxp.teachers. 1017 Sutter. C.Hoffman, director.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission? nr. Cth.
SPANISH. French, etc. Prof. De. Fil ippe's Academy
of Languages,320PoBt;estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission ; instruments selected.
I Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
1 Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $0 mo. j
| ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON' Si DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1R63: nnvr S0-p»ge catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years. •
I Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japaness-Chinese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Buah st. : tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese.Chi-
•nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072. '
EMPLOV3IE.M' WANTED — FEMALB.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desfljes
situation; best of ref.; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 3^-5 Sutter St. ¦ , , ; ¦ .
A FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best of refs.; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Situation as first-class cook to do
cooking in a private family: has good refer-
ence. Call at .'{314 Twenty-sixth st.^ near
Howard; no mail answered.
GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; goodref-
erences; wages $1 25 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 760A Howard st., room 4.
RELIABLE w.oman wishes work by 'the day;
washing, ironing or cleaning. Call for 2
days, 227 Minna St.; no postals. . •
WANTED— By first-class cook, work in res-
taurant,, delicatessen or lunch counter. Call
or address MRS. STINE, 620 Bush st.
POSITION wanted by competent second girl
and waitress; wages $25. Call 126 Lily ave.,
near Gough. *
SITUATION wanted by little girl to assist in
light housework and help with baby. 56
Hermann st. ; $8 a month.
A COMPETENT cirl for cooking; wages $30 to
835. Apply at 1712 Hyde st., near Broadway.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will do
some washing, wants work In American fam-
ily; will go short distance country. 49 Ship-
ley st. ¦ .
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as com-
panion and helper to invalid; days; refer-
. ence first-class. Box 12, 305- Larkin st.
A YOUNG girl wishes a position for general
housework; small family; references ex-
changed. Address 124A Gilbert St. . '
YOUNG Swedish lady would like to do light
housework. 216 Seventh st. .,.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; fond? of
children. Apply box 3386. Call office. ( ,
TO help with family mending or repairing;
terms reasonable. Address S. M., Call branch.
(W3 McAUlftf er st. t
AN experienced, reliable woman " would tako
-' care of invalid. 'day or night; fl per day.
Address Nurse, 696 McAllister st. .
YOUNG girl wishes housework or second work;
• no washing; .sleep home. 211% JBartlett*, st.
A RELIABLE English woman will give (hree
hours daily for room. Box 3349, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.,.near Mar-
ket— 2*0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. ."¦•.; ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
•- received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. ¦ ' ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— .MALE.
GARDENER with 10 years' experience In all
- branches in East, 2 ' years ¦ in California,
wishes position on private place, city or
country- . Box 8203, '. Call : of flee. •
. CARPENTER, good mechanic, : sober ' man,
wants work for eomoany, hotel, -store or ln-
i ¦ stitute; age 61; wages reasonable. -Box
3395. Call office. . . '
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as watch-
man or any other light work in city or coun-
try; small wages: has good references. Box
3202, Call office.
WANTED- Situation as meat • cutter. Apply
2926 Bush st. '.¦ ' :,-¦.. Last . Thl3 Last
Stations — • . 2i hours. ' Season. Season.
Eureka .08 17.37 . 30.83
Red Bluff ,,.... .50 12.18 ' 15.43
Sacramento 29 7.28 11.38
San Francisco .15 . 7.19 . 13.01
Fresno .....'. - .14: • 2.66 '7.59
Independence ....... .00 1.89 "6.16
San Luis Obispo .22 -6.24 21.15
Los. Angeles .14 4.21 9.39
San Diego .08 2.44. 4.05
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
52; minimum, 44; mean, .48. ...:.¦_
THE COAST RECORD.
¦ -¦ ; 3 |b 33 |S S" «
STATIONS. S" : | I I -• g &~ $
: ! i : ? o
Astoria .30.14: 38 88 NE Cloudy .27
Baker 30.32 24 ' 10 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.08 ' 48 26 E Clear .00
Eureka ..30.18 62 40 W Clear ¦ .OS
Fresno... 30.14 56 30 NW Clear .14
Flagstaff.. .... 80. 04 -42 4 E Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.36 18 — 2 W Cloudy .00
Independence..29.98 52 22 NW Clear .00
Los Anseles...30.04 58-38 W Clear .14
Phoenix 29.92 64 30 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.22 36 24 NW Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 30.14 56 S8 NW Clear .50
Roseburg 30.14 50 36 NW Pt.Cldy .Q0
Sacramento... 30. 16 52 82 NW Clear ,4f»
Salt Lake.... ..30. 22 32 12 W • Clear <-; .00
San Franclsco.30.18 -C2 - 44 NE- Clear .15
S. L. Obispo. ..30.12 ¦ 58 32 W Clear .22
San Diego 30.16 66 42 . N Rain .03
Seattle 30.14 42 28 S Cloudy .01
Spokane....... 30. 28 24 12 E Cloudy .07
NeahBay 30.06.38 32 E Rain .11
Walla Walla.. 30. 32 22 0 NW Cloudy T.
Winnemucca..30.20 42 8 SW Clear .00
Yuma ...29.92 64 32 W Clear .00
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 40 degrees.
Mrs A Beverldge. Utah
A Beveridge, Utah
H RIordan & w, Seatl
Miss O Wathern. Cal
C P Shockley. Portld
Jllulroy, Illinois
LA White & w. Mo
Miss M Hocklngs. Cal
QW Rear. Los Ang
A Howard & w, Cal i>
J Innman, Cola ¦
T Rlelley, Stockton ,
J Sullivan, Conn ¦
E C Armand, • Idaho
F Bridges. Marshfleld ;
F Silvia N Mex
A D Blake,' Pasadena s
,T R Lock, R Vista
E V Graven, : Boston
L Crtndall, Wash
J Lalawer, Blue Hill
J H Hayes, Fresno
B T Harris, Ontario
J A Meyers ' Cal
A E Graddls. Oregon
J Galm, Chicago
S L Gleason, Vallejo
A Miller, Dlxon
M E ¦ Estes. Unalaska
T W- Fresh, Colo
F Johnson. Car.
T Brady. Nebr
J J Keller. Denver
J Furlong 1 . Seattle
C Dowd, Kansas City
N. Wagner. Seattle :
A B Houghton.- B C
NEW' WESTERN HOTEL,
HOTEIi ABBIVAXS.
The storm over Central California last
night has moved rapidly southeastward and
now overlies Northern Arizona and New- Mex
ico. Cloudy weather prevails throughout the
northern half of the Pacific Slope, Northern
Arizona and extreme Southern California. Rain
is now falling at San Diego.
Rain fell generally throughout" California
last night and to-day In amounts varying from
one to five tenths. ¦ « '
The pressure has risen over 1 the northern
portion . of the Pacific Slope and fallen over
the southern. '
The temperature has risen slightly in all
districts, and decidedly In Washington and
Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 3:
| Northern '. California — Fair Monday; light
northerly wind. '
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
westerly- wind. ... - • ¦ . •
Nevada — Fair Monday; light southwest wind.
6an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Burns Cause a Child's Death.
SAN JOSE, Feb. -2.- Alvin Nelson, a 15
mbnth-old child, was so badly burned at
a ranch near Evergreen yesterday that ha
died this morning. Alvin ajid his brother
Henry, aged five years, were playing with
matches. While making small fires the
clothing of both was ignited. The flames
were quickly extinguished by the parents,
but little Alvin was too severely burned
to survive. - •
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Tin*.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 2—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls .to
date aa compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
- Joseph M.- i Strauss (owner), ! with John Flah
erty (contractor), architects . Martens & | CofTey
— All '.work except plumbing, gas fitting, paint
ing, shades, gas fixtures , and ¦ mantels for Fa
three-story frame building (flats) on S line of
Geary street. ¦ 187 :6 W- of Buchanan ¦ W 25 by
S 95; $0100. . ' . .-.-¦-; .
• Jeanette, Clabrough (owner), with . O. , A.
Craemer (contractor), architect C. A Meus?
dorffer—All work except electrical work man
tels, • gas ; fixtures and shades for a threb-story
and basement frame • building -(flats) on S line
Clay street.' 387:6 .E " of - Eaker, B 30 by S
127:8%; $7875. : ... '. * .
Same owner, with Fetterson & Persson (con
tractors), architects same — Carpenter, iron
xalll. glass, > hardware. .¦ lathing > and plastering
concrete,- roofs for, same on same; $3200 ¦
Henry and Minnie Deppe (owners), with Wil
liam Helbing: (contractor and architect) All
work except mantels, gem- fixtures and shades
for a three-story and basement frame building
(three flats) on W line Bryant ' avenue 208 S
of Sixteenth street, S 25 by.W 100; $5,700.'
. Same owner with Fetterson & Persson (con
tractors), architects, same — Carpenter and mill
work, store fronts," nickel plated works, awn
ing, stairs, galvanized- Iron and tin work,
asphaltum roof, glazinjr, lathing-, and. plaster-
Ing, marble and- mosaic work, for same' on
same; $21,000. , . ' ¦ : .,'
Same owner, '. with . H. H. Larsen ;&• Bros,
(contractors), j architects same^-Excavatlng
granite, cementing, ' brick work ¦ for a three
story brick building on E line Mason street,
70 S of Eddy. S 22:6 by E 75;. $4000.
; A. W. Wilson (owner), with H. H. Larsen
& Bros, (contractors), architects William
Mooser & Son — Excavating, brick work, ce
menting, concrete and . artificial stone work,
granite, cast and wrought and ¦ ' steel works
(owner to furnish cement) for a six-story and
basement brick building on N line Turk street
C8:0-W of Hyde, W OS by N 08; $17,000.
Jane Taylor (owner), with John Burchell
(contractor), architect Matthew O'Brien — All
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a three-story frame building on W line of
Baker street, C2: 6 S of Golden Gate avenue,
W 96:10% by S 25; '$7200.
Max Abraham (owner), with B. K. Albert
sen (contractor and architect) — All alterations
and additions except plumbing, painting, gas
fixtures and leader to sewer from roof for a
two-story frame dwelling on N line Jackson
street, 112:CW, of Jones, , W 25 , by N 112:6;
$1110. ; ' •
J. D. Whitney (owner), with W. E. Grant
(contractor), architect ' none — All work for a
two-story and basement frame buildlns (flats)
on N line Eighteenth street. 25 E of Shotwell.
E 48 by N 80,'M-B 69; $5500.
Peter Topinl (owner), with P. a. Antonelll
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato — All
work except . painting, shades and chandeliers
for a two-story and basement .frame, (flats) on
SEline of Clay street, 375 NE of Fourth, NE
20 by: SE 80; $2985. >
Builders' Contracts.
Union Trust Company (executors of estate of
John P. P. Van Den Bergh) to O. D. Baldwin,
lot on NE line of Eighth ¦ etreet. . 245 SE from
Folsom. SE 30 by NE 120; $3500.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Eva E.
Robinson, same; $10. «.
Johnson Chittlck to James J. Chittlck, lot
on SW line of Russ street. 140 NW from Fol-
Bom, NW 40 by SW 100; gift.
Sebastian Gramlich' to William and Annie
Roberts, lot on SW line of Oak Grove avenue,
250 SE from Harrison street, SE 25 by SW
115; $10. . • - \ v.
Henry and Bertha Hildebrandt to John J.
Mundwyler, lot on N line of Jersey street
229:7 E from Noe, E 25 by N 114; $10.
James B. and Sarah Mahony to Sarah D
Byron (wife of John J.), lot on E line of
Noe Rtreet, 114 N from Twenty-fourth. N 26
by E 68:9 2-3; $10. •
Nicholas,- Mathilda. Henry and Catherine M
Ohlandt. John A." and Mary M.' Buck to Charles
J. Burt, lot on W line of Belcher street, 160
S of Ridley, S 25,by W 125; $10. .
Henry L. and Walhelmina Rupper to Her
man Horn, lot on E line of Florida street 100
N from Twenty-second, N 25 by E 100- $100
Catherine Walsh (by B. J>. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
lot on W line of Bryant street, 52 S from
Twenty-third, S 26 by W 100; $2989.
Mary Brown to Charles W. Brown, lot on E
line of Dolores street, 26:6 N from Thirtieth
N 25 by E 100; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to P. J. Mclnerney, lot on E line of Fol
som street. 27:5% S of Thirteenth, S 25- B
99.10. N 23.313, W U9.76; $2000. '
Lois S. Anders'on (widow) to Lucy M. Reilly
lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 80 E of
Guerrero, E 30 by S 60; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
P. Feusier, lot on W line of Guerrero street.
pofnt I ft^l^.' N 30 ' W SS tO «¦
Allen H. Finer et al. vs. Ella Doll et. al.
(by G. H. Umbsen, referee) to Abraham Aron-
Bon, lot on NE corner of Sutter and Gousth
streets, E 70 by N 120; $25,200.
Abraham . and Amelia Aronson to Louis
Metzger, undivided one-half of same; $10.
City "and County of San Francisco to Simon
Bachman, lot on SW corner or Franklin and
O'Farrell streets, W 137:6 by S 137:6- $
Harriet Gulliv«r; to Charles Gulliver, lot on
E line of Fillmore street. 174 N of Broadwav,
8 3 4 6: 6 E %:lfio 6 : E 24:6 -' s^ 109:6 ' w 9:6 -
Same to Edward Gulliver, lot on S line of
Vallejo street. 137:6 W of Fillmore, W 5 by
S. 137:6; $10. . -
"Same to same, lot' beginning 47:8 N of
Broadway and 137:6 W of Flllmore street, N
89:10, W 68:9, S 82, SE 69;' $10. "*«•.¦«
Same to Edward and Charles Gulliver, all
interest in "Pell's claim," described as begin
ning on E line of Phineas Davis' land 10
chains S from SW corner of Rickett's land
E 200 yards by S 250 yards, and all Interest
in land inclosed by fence erected by J H
Henshaw running S from land above de
scribed; $1. • ,
Estate of Joan N. G. Hunter (by A. F. Mor
rison and Oliver B. Martin, executors) to Ru
dolph Spreckels, lot on NW corner of Van
Ness avenue and Ellis street, W 109:9 by N
120; $60,000. ¦¦ , *
Janey K. Rogers (wife of James N.) and
Julie I. Haste to Mary L. Stealey, lot on E
line of Van Ness avenue, 92:6 N of Liombard
street, N 30 by E 109; $10. ,
J. B. or James B. Cowden to Charles Klein,
lot on N line of State/or States street, 225 W
of Castro. N 100 by W 50. lots 22 and 23,
block 14. Flint Tract; $10. .
Horace G. Platt to John J. Regli, lot on
SW line of Theresa street, 4S0:6 NW of Mis
sion, NW 25 by SW 100, block 6. Academy
Tract; $10.
¦ M. Ballln to Serafino Beltraml. lot on E line
of Wheat street, 100 S of Paul avenue, S 25
by E 100, lot 29, block 5, Garden Tract Home
stead Association; $10.
Thomas Moran and L. Gendottl, German
Roman. Catholic St. Bonifazius Church Com
munity (by John Lackmann, Sheriff) to George
M. Perine, lot on N line of Mission street, 81
E of Foote. E 81, N- 215. W 80, S 220 block
25, West End map 2; $525.
Walter A. Coffee to Emeline Nye (wife of
Charles W.), lot on S corner of -Oneida and
Otsego avenues, BE 237 by SW 80, lot 1 block
15, West End man 1; $650.
John F. and Alice Kennedy to Southern Pa
cific Company, lot 11, block 3, Garden Tract
Homestead Association; grant.
Elizabeth W: Farrish to B. H. Griffins, lot
on S line of J street, 05 E of Forty-fifth ave
nue, E 50 by S 100; also lotion SE corner of
Forty-fifth avenue and J street, E 95 by S
50; $5. • . ' •
John A. and Minnie Savage to "William H.
Hanley, lot on W line of Seventh avenue. 175
S of Point Lobos, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on E line of Pennsylvania
avenue, 87:8. S of Twenty-second, SE 108:11,
S 54:6, NW 10S:ll, N 54:6; $10.
¦ Estate of Eugenia R.. Kinsman (by G. A.
Schuster, administrator) to Otto Lemcke. lot
on S line of Minna street, 85 NE of Eighth,
NE 20 by SE 0J); also lot on S line of Minna
street, 105 from Eighth, NE 20 by SE 69; $3500.
John H. Hammond, to August H. and Ma
thilde H. Johnson, lot on E» line of Rhode
Island. street, 100 N of Yolo. N 25 by E 100;
$10. . ¦ • •
Henry S. Martin to Stefano' Arata.-lot on E
line of Dupont street, 68:9'S of Green, S 56. E
83:0,. N 38, W 24. N IS, W 59:6; $10. .
John B. Lanlnger to Mary A. Donahue,' lot
on W line of Kearny street, 109 N of Broad
way, N 28:6, W. 137:6. S 45:6. E 57:6.- N 17,
E 80; gift.
Julius and Hattie Schary to Charles Cuneo
and Anania Quillci, . lot on N line of Green
street, 137:6 W of Powell, W 33:9 by N 137:6!
,$10.'. "- - ¦ ¦ ' ' • '. •' '
George and Nellie Fabbsl (minors),- Elizabeth
Fabbri and as guardian vs.. A. Romeo Fabbri
(by John A. Weston. referee) to Julius 8. Go
deau. lot on E line of an alley 134:6 B of
Powell street and 105:6 N of Broadway, "N 82
by E 71:9; $2100.
Julius S. and Wilhelmlna Godeau to Joseph
Michel, same; $10. V . •
Hannah Haley (widow) to Catherine M.
Haley (single), lot on E line, of Leavenworth
street, 40 S of Bernard, N 20 by E 58; gift.
. Same to Margaret T.- Parrotte (Haley), lot
on E line, of Leavenworth street, 60 S of Ber
nard. N 20 by E 68; gift.
George and Nellie Fabbrl (minors). Elizabeth
Fabbrl and as guardian vs. A. Romeo Fabbrl
(by John A. Weston, referee) to Joseph Michel,
lot on W line of Kearny street, 117:6 S of
Union, S 20 by W 80; ?4500. . . / ¦' •
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
On Monday Hale, from the Committee
on Appropriations, will report the urgent
deficiency appropriation and ask to have
it considered or. the following day.' The
amendments in this bill providing for the
entertainment of Prince Henry and the
expenses of this country , incident to the
coronation may lead to some discussion,
but no doubt is entertained of the final
favorable disposition of those items.
The friends of the judicial salary bill
hope to conclude its consideration at a
comparatively early day. They say that
Senator Stewart's amendment increasing
the salaries of Senators and members of
Congress will be unceremoniously j voted
down. ' •
The friends of the oleomargarine bill
have no doubt of its passage.- They re
gard the vote on the adoption of the spe
cial order. last Friday as practically a
test vote. The bill is virtually the old
Grout bill,. imposing a tax of 10 cents a
pound on products colored, in imitation of
butter, and tr rr.afcc . retail dealers who
color oleomargarine subject to the same
penalties as the manufacturers.
For the most part the Senate will divide
its time this week between the Philippine
tariff biU and the bill increasing the sal
aries of members of the Federal judiciary.
The salary bill is in charge of Hoar. and
will be considered in the morning hour of
¦the Senate each ¦ day until it is disposed
of, while the Philippine bill, which, is in
the hands of Lodge, will continue to have
the right of way as the unfinished busi
ness after 2 o'ciock each day. The salary
bill will be the subject of running debate
only, but a number of set speeches will
be made on the- other measure. Among
trie Senators who will be heard during
the week are Teller, Turner,' Carmack and
Culberson. /It is not probable that the de
bate on the Philippine bill will be con
cluded during the week.
The question of Cuban reciprocity is
likely lo be debated at length, as mem
bers of both sides of the House are anx
ious to. define"* their, positions.
WASHINGTON. D. C., 5 Fett.\ 2.-This
promises to be an interesting -week in. the
House. The oleomargarine bill has been
made 'a special continuing order for to
morrow and, after it is disposed of, which
it probably will be on Tuesday, the ; bill
for the repeal of the war revenue taxes
¦will fellow. : While both sides are unani
mous in favor of the repeal' of these taxes
it Is the intention of the Democrats to
open the. whole tariff question during the
debate on this bill and they will make a
strong fight for ample time for - discus
sion, il. , ¦'.-'¦'¦¦ « • >¦
Lively Debate in Prospect
Over War Tax Reduction
Measure.
House Democrats Plan
to Bring Up Old
Issue.
WILL REOPEN
TARIFF FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY: ;3, 1902.
9
; ; OCEAN TBAVEL.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF^ COR-
ner First and. Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers, for. India,
etc. No cargo . received on board * on , day of
sailing.- . ' ' . . ¦ L ¦
SS. • HONGKONG MARU. .
¦ --•-. Thursday, January 30th, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.....
•-. ....... .......Tuesday, February '25th,. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
........ ......Friday, March 21st, 1902
. - Round-trip ' tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. -
. . ? .W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AUCTION SALES
fe» . fe' £=5
Great Sale ot Thoroughbreds
and Trotting Stock.. . .
EIGHTY HEAD OF STALLIONS. MAKES,
COLTS AND FILLIES, FROM THE
SONOMA STOCK FARM.
Notice is hereby given that. under authority
of an order of Court, made December 30, 1901,
J. B. Walden Jr., administrator of the Estate
of James B.' Chase deceased, will sell at pub-
lic - auction -
TO-MORROW
TTJESDAT, FEBRUARY 4, 1902. at 10 A. M..
¦ AT STOCK YARDS, 1732 MARKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
air the ¦ great thoroughbred producing brood
mares, stallions, yearlings, two, three and four
year old colts and fillies (sisters and brothers to
winners). Including the stallion Dare by imp.
Darebln. and the mares Marigold, Centella,
j Mischief, Catallna Rebecca and many others
all royaly bred In producing lines. Also 20 head
of well bred trotters.
Catalogues now ready. Stock at yard Friday.
January 31. . . *
W. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer.
1732 Market St.. San Francisco.
Just Arrived — 72 head of the finest Work and
Wagon Horses ever shipped to this market.
Weight from 1150 to' 1500 lbs., all broke to
drive. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
72J. Howard street. ¦ * - ¦ • ' '
. OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers' leave Broadway
IfflS*^ " Wharf, San Francisco:
*^3?^ For Ketchikan, Juneau,
¦ k $58$£* s *Pw. Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
; $?^XJ5<P^ m., Jan. 31. Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20,
' SSvSyA^Sl \£h% 25, Mar. 2. Chance to com-
I iwEMklScviill pany'a steamers at Seattle.
• t^^tigSMilfSS,! For Victoria,' Vancouver,
Qf. p or t Townsend. Seattle, Taco-
ma, Everett,' New Whatcom—
II a. m., Jan.~31, Feb. 5, 10. 15, 20, 25, Mar 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Feb. 1, 6. 11, '16,- 21, 26, Mar. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, cajling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
neme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonita only).
Bonita, 9 a. m., Feb. '3,-11, 19, 27, Mar. 7.
Coos Bay,' 9 a. m., Feb. 7 r 15, 23. Mar. 3.
For Enaenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.*
• . For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnc dates.
TICKET OVFTCE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. . Agents.
. . . 10 Market st., San . Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
— TO—
PORTS IN_MBXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60. Including meals and berth for th»
round trip on board the Pacific • Coast S. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7. April 7. Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: - Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo, .Mazatlan, Altata. La
Paz, Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by' rail. ' For further particulars Inquire at
Ticket Office. * New Montgomery St.. or 10
Market st.. San Francisco.
O.R.StN.CO.
Only Steamship Xjlxi* «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
poin t«i, all rail or steamship and rail, at
IiOtvest :Et_A. f x a :E:s.
STEAHER TICKETS INCLUD3 BERTH tad HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails...!..
: Feb. 2. 12, 22; Mar. 4, 14, 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 7, 17. 27; Mar. 9. 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt, 1 Montg*y, S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de. Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping, at. Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. . ~
TUCAPEL s . . .Feb. KtyPALENA . . . .March 10
GUATEMALA..Feb. 18 SANTIAGO
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral- and South American • passenger ' service.
(No change at Acapulco or "Panama.') Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street. •
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, SP
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA QlREOr.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Leelanaw sails Friday. Feb. 7
6. S.Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p: m.
Freight and Passenger Office,-, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON
Phila., Feb. 12. 10a.rn.fSt. Louis,Feb.26,10a.m.
St. Paul, Feb.l9,10a.m.l Phila., Mar. 5, 10 a. m
RED STAR LINE.
NEW TORK— ANTWERP— PARIS."
Zeeland, Feb. 12, noon] Friesland Feb. 26 noon
Haverford, Feb.l9,noonl Southwark, Mar?5.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
oceanics.s.co e SSii
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA for Honolulu ¦
......Saturday, Feb. 15, '02, 2 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Gtiufai Agents, 327 Hartei St
Qoo'l Passenger Office, 643 Harkat St., Pier Ho. 7. PacSsSi
COUFAOKIS: SENEBAL3 TRANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. v^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of .<SfrS#5>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, o-ar-lsr^gS
North River, foot of Morton street. -
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class . to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 32 Broadway ' (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
srrriAvr^^^
. Steamer* GEN. -FRISBIE or MONTICELLO;
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo I a. m., 12:30 noon. Op. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. . Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. - ¦ S
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILRtM
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29 1901
FROM BAN. FRAN CISCO TO MILL, VALLIY
1 AND SAN RAFAEL. 1
WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m
•l&S, 3:15, 4:15,: 5:15. •6:15. 6:45 p m *
" EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .
SUNDA1'S->-*8:00, »10:00. .»ll:30 a. m »xjs
8:15 *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to- San Quentln
FBAM SAN RAFAEL TO' SAN FRA.N CISCO
WEEK DAYS— "5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35 10 -1»
a. m., *12:25. 2:15. '3:33, 4:40. 5:30 p. mT
¦ EXTRA 1 TRIPS on • Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at C:45 and 9:55 p. m. ",
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. •\b:W i »U:45 a. m.
•1:40, *3: 15, 4:45, *6:30'p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
¦ WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55 10"^O
a m 12:35. 2:45, 3:30. 5:10 p. m. - • "
.'EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2-13
3:30, 5:00, 6:45 p. m. «-
-¦-, . - THROUGH TRAINS. ;
- • 6:65 P a. : m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ' ' ¦ ¦ •'¦•-' "* -
1:45 p. m.* Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations., ¦ -.
,8:00 a. m.\ Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. -•• ¦¦¦'.'¦¦ ; v . ¦ -
Legal Holiday boats and trains will rua oa
Sunday time.- * ,
railway mm.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
VrmSmm 1»»»t*> nml nr* iIhk to itrrlf • al
WAN I'IUN<:!MI).
" (Main Luie. Foot of Market Stre«t)
UUTx — - Fitou DsccsBsn 6. 1901. - AXftnY
7<OOa Ben Ida, SuUuu, Elmin »ad Sacra-
" mento S:93»
IsOOa VacaiiUo, Winters,' Itoinsey 7:33*
?<ZUA Martinez, Sau ll»n.oo. Vallejo. N»p».
CalUtogaaiul.Snuca Koaa, <lsS3»
¦iOOa Davis. Wootuvid. Knignts I-audlag,
Ma»j»»ille.Oro»lll«.., 7:33r
•:OO* Atlantio Kiprew-Ogden and Eut Ni33a
•i«« a Nilea, Uthroo. Stockton « «Sa»
SsOQAKUea. Mendota. Htnford. VtsaUm.
PorteTrilla 4:3S»
• iSUa BhuU Express— Da? [a, Willlami (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, fted
Bluff. Portland.. 7:35*
• >3»* San Join, Litermor*. H took ton,
. lone, rlacraiiieuto, 1'lacrriiiio.
-V • lUrjSTlllB, Chico. ltaMIIiilT -li*3»
«:3I»* Onkdale, Chiness.Sonora. Tuotumno 4:23r
>: - •(••« Hayward. Kileaand Way Suiioua.. 1 1:33 a
•iOOa Vallejo 12:23*
»i««a Loa ADgalaa Exprem — Martinez,
Tracy, Ijathrnp. .Stockton. Mrrce:!
Fresno and Loa ADgeles 7:93*
•:3O* ViiUfjn, Martiuezanii. \Yij3tationi 7:33?
• 1 8iOl>A The OTerlaml Limited— Ogdeu, 1'ea-
ier, Omaha. Chicago ; Bia3»
tlH»»rS>tc>Mtn<mto l:lter.Ht«.u.iBM (llsUOl
SittOr Beuicia, Winters. .Haciainenlo,
Wumlland. Kntxlits landing.
Murjmlllt., Om.illo 10:33*
StSOr Hay ward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7:33y
«i««r Martinez. Han IUuiom. Vallejo.
. ¦ Najm, (/'wlUtnea. Santa lloxa *>>33f
1 4t90r NUes, Llfermore. Stockton, Lo(il... I3>239
4>:i»r Harward. Nile*, 8tko .lr.«e, Jjvfrmoro {8:34a
«:S»rThe Owl Limited — Fre»tio. Tulare.
BakersOeld. Sangria for Sivnta Bar-
- bara. Loo Anceles StSSa
SiOOp Fort Coata, Tracy. Lathrcp, Stockton It»t23*
OiOOp MarUnrs. Antioch, Stockton, Her-
'. oed, Fresno 12i23»
«:<M»r Hayward, Nilci a.idSan Jos*,.. ?'33*
t«:O»r Vallejo lliS3«
' SiOWp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Demor,
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 4x33*
.- Ti«*r Oregon aud CalUumlt ICxcroM, Has-
- ' ' ' . raiiientit, Marymi'Ii. KeiMiiig.
i rortlaml. riigefc .Sound and lOinl 8:30*
• BiOIf San Pablo, Pork Coata, Martinez
and Waj Station* 11:23*
_t»«O3p Vallejo...... 7t53f
COAST IjINE.O'iirnm <lau K e).
. -;¦'.•• . (Footot Market Street.) !
\ »«15a NeiraTk.Ceiiter>illB,8an Jo»o,b>Itoii,
• '. '. ' ,UoulderOrcek,S»iitaCniiund Waj .
Station. S18W
tStla* Newark, CenteiTille, Sau Joae, New
. Almatlen, Fulton. Boulder C'reek.
Santa Crux aud l'rincipnl Waf
• 8tai:ona tOtS**
«»lllr Newark, Han Jose. I, on Gatos 18*506
«3.3»p Hunters" Train— San Joae and Way .
'•¦ Stations , t7J»W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
. From SAS mMISCO— I Ml of Market Strut (Slip 8V- •
t7:15 0:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:03 - 3:ISf .«.
rumOHUgU— ftttar Braid **j.— f« : oo t*:00 fS:O0
lOiOOt.ii. 12:03 3.03 t:03r.M.
COAST 1ASK (Rroail Gang*).
¦ (Third mid Townaeml SU.)
¦ «: I «a Saa Joae and Way i SUUona. tiilO*
7:««A Han .lone irnil Way Station*.... t8:«tt»
/TtOWA New Almaden. / *Jl«#
SiO(U Cc«st Line Limited — Sun .Tote,
Oiln-y. 8aHnaa, San Lois Obispo, >
Santa Barbara, I.oh Angelf3 and
• Principal intermediate stations.... 10:I3O
OjOOa Han .lone. Tres t'icos. rtaala t.'rnx.
J'nrJiic Onm leaunaa. Ssn I.uLj
Obispo ami Principal iutermedUts
Mt.ur.imis 4:1*V
10:»Oa Sea Jcsc and Way Stations. M:::4*
I 1«31»a .San Jims ami Way Stations !):4fl*
tS'l'ir San Matno. Uedwoorf. Mcnlo Park. '
a Val» Alto. Hanta Clara. Sau Jose.
TreiiPinos, 8i.uU Cruz, Saliisas.
Moiufivy»n.l I-Hcilic CrnTe tlO**3*
8:SOrSjn Jiuaand Way Stations. l=:u»t
tl:13r San Jose ami Prinmr-al Way Stations 3i30«
4i30f Sunset limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days. I'ridAys. for Lo* Argcles, El
Paso. New Orleans and Xcw York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lOilSa
t3:00y San Joie, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations i 19:OOa
SiSOr Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations 6:30V
«:.t»rSai> .Jose and Way Stations 7>3O*
7:0« r New Orleans Exprecs — Sun Luis
Obigpo. Santa JSirhan, Lcs An-
geles. D-m!n(r. El Paso,' Xew Or-
lesnsaud£«st ?:3OSj
•Ili43p San.Ioiw»iid Way SUtioug ?;3OJ
A for Morning • i' for Afternoon,
t Sunday txawted, i Sunday only.
_ a8atmrday only. ; /Tuesdays aud Friday^
>
Santa Fq
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local | Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
fV' ¦¦-.".¦.. Dally I Daily Daily Dally
Lv. SarxFran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa 9:11 p
** Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27p 8:05a
" Visalla.. .3:3!) p 5:00a...
"Bakersfd «:15p 5:20p 7:43a
"¦ Kan. City | 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago.. | |2:15p »:0Op4..
a for morning;, p for aiterhoon.
9:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-cias» . passengers. . No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally
4:20 p. ra. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno'
local. Correspaadias train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. . . ;
8- p. ra. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
- Free Keclining; Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
¦ •7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Of flces-r&tl Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San .Francisco; 1112 .Broadway,
Oakland. . . .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL
LESSEES'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACiFlii
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tib uron Ferry. Foot of Market St
. . - ¦
Can Francisco la San Kafaei.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:10.
5:00. 6:20 p. m. ,
baa iiutaol to t>an Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45.» 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. • - .
Leavs I In KCfect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 23. 1001 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I j Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Nova to. 10:40am 8:40am
8:30pm 0:30am Petaluma, 0:00pm 10:25an»
8:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7 :3Spm « :20pm
¦ Fulton, }
7:30am Windsor, - 10:23an»
6:00pm Eealdsburs, 10:40am .
- Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
-7 -30am 5:00pm Hopland.. 10:40am 10 :23am
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm « :20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35prr.
3:30pm 6:00pm g:20pra
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8 :40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7-30ain| 8:00am| |10:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm I 5 :00pm [ SabastopoL | T:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skagss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan 8prtngs. Highland Springs. Kels«y-
vllle Carlsbad Springs. Soda - Bay, Lakeporx
and Bartlett. Springs;, at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brags;.
Westport Usal, WUlits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. . • • •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratea. - - . . .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
* 1 H? 1 cf " WOTTING. . R. X. RYAN.
¦: Gen. Manager. ¦ G«n. Pass Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. . Foot of Market St. San Fran.
.9-30 A. 8:00A. „,„ - u,,,, rt 730 10 ° *• 9:45 *•
|l:15p. A - M - JWeA&II " 8lj - |5:55p.|
- -' ' . •rVt.Surnaeim lo Soamittud Retain, tl.ttl
¦ Tbk.t Offlcu, til ILUCXET STilEZT ud SAUSAUXO TSBSX
/f^*%\ 3fr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
,jUr<]E?slia 629UEAn2SY ST. Established
ayFf* •%^ iri I" 3 '* for the treatment <>f IVivato
• HyLoMc^^w DI.hmscs. Jtcmt HaniMMtd. Debliity or
fcA^,^WT:;£a disease wenriaznu hodyaml mind and
«S|I£3&&*§iSltln Diseases. The Doctor cures v.-Iipij
SXv^&C-JjSothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
•**»¦" r ~ g-Ti' * ' Caller writ*
Dr. J. JF. ttKBROJr. Sim Francisco. CaL
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
PALMISTRY.', .> v
rG. L. Necrcaard. president 6t. Germatn Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. r>15
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black r.61.
rSYSXCXAXS AXU SCK.GEOXS.
AnSOLUTELY~FREE~CONSULTATION^rH
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines mype.lf. DR.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk St.. corner Mason.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market Et. : hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021»4 Market et.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. r-erb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: eee
testimonials at office. H»-11T Mason.nr.Ell's.
rLAX1XG r 00 TPII : XIXG mills.
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
v - and yawing. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont.
POULTRY WAXTIP.
¦ IF you have any California hens or broilers
for market purposes write C. BENNETT &
CO., 42.'{ Davis st.'
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~ "" "
850 Market st_. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected.
BARGAIN — Fine runny cottages, 5 rooms and
W all modern improvements: high basement;
\ large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
31st sts.; see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
57500 — FOR eale, business corner grocery with
5 living rooms and stable; 9-room flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304. Fulton et.
$5600 — SACRIFICE; nice flats; Mission warm
belt; choice location. Owner, box 335S. Call.
HEAL. ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISOO^^-
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and information.
K. N. EiiMOXS & SON have moved from 11
Montgomery et. to room 4, 10th floor. Mills
b'.ic. Country real estate a specialty. We
want more property and reliable correspond-
ents In all parts of California. E. N. EM-
MONS & SON. room 4. 10th floor. Mills bldg.
PROFITABLE orange. lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY &'CARR, 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kir.ds: send
stamp for free list. C. R. Winfield. Petaluma.
FRCITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUIT V AXE REAIi ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 teet, cor.
Wilson ave. &nd Hopkins Et. ; 2 blocks from
/ 2 etreet cars &nd public school; furnished cot-
¦^f tage of 6 rooms; Etable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
\ orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; r*nt $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITXER, Frultvale Station.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.A3IEPA REAL ESTATE.
NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 35x120; $2500.
New cottage, 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200;
terras; also lots In subdivisions; will build to
suit. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATES.
7 NEW homes 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrimac or Twenty-eighth St.. between Tel-
egraph ave. and Grove Bt. ; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth et.
OAKLAXD FCR.MTCRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st-. Oakland.
I ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
V APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome sunny
|-» suites; all modern improvements; sag, bath,
Y§ reception rm. : nr. park and school; rent rea-
y sonable. St. James, McAllister and Laguna.
• EDDY, 522 — Sunny parlor floor, 4 rooms; house-
keeping; complete; bath; phone; gas.
ELLIS, 677 — Furnished housekeeping;
front room, alcove roonr and kitchen; bath.
ELIZABETH. 2, off San Jose ave. — 2 sunny un-
furnished front rooms for lizht housekeeping.
FIFTH. 119 — Sunny furnished and housekeep-
ing rooms; second flat.
• ¦ — — —
FIFTH, 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping; two
double beds. $20, with kitchen; also single
rooms. $4 up.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny front suite,
large back room; bath, range, gas, etc.
GOLDEN GATE, 1202 — Lower floor 4 fur. rms. ;
grate, running water, range laundry.
HATE? 526 — Parlor floor 3 rooms; also 2 oth-
ers: bath; gas; phone.
HOWARD, J258, near Xlnth — Housekeeping
room, $2 50. end bedroom, one at $1 75;
adults.
MISSION. 945 — Nice front room; gas; folding
bed; kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rooms, heavy housekeeping.
$14: 2 rooms, furnished housekeeping. $12.
OAK. 122 — Housekeeping room; gas and bath.
V O'FARRELL, 917— A floor of 3 unfurnlshel
housekeeping rooms; bath and laundry.
EUITE sunny front rooms, bedroom and kitch-
en, furnished neatly and completely for
housekeeping;, $2 per week. Apply at shoe
store, 5C3 Mission st,, between 1st and 2d.
VAN NESS. 815— Front sunny alcove suite with
kitchen; gas range.
Virginia. 1005 Powell~2sunny front housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
KOOJIS TO LET I-urn. and Unforn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234~McAnister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister .cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c U> $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 130*)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
EDDY. £24 — An elegant parlor euite In de-
ejrable locality; also other rooms.
•"EDINBURGH," 23» Powell Bt., cor. Geary—
Location mast central; larjre, well-furnished
suites a.nd Eincrle; front rooms? &s offices;
modern improvements, electric lights, etc.
' ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
¦ 25c, $1 50 night; $1 50. (0 wk.; open all night.
ELLTS. 324 — Newly furnished eunny front
suite; also single; with or without board.
"A ELLIS. 41S (The Plcrpont) — Beautifully Xur-
nSshed rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hct water; private baths.
FOLSOM. S20, near Fourth— Furnished rooms
to l«»t. $1 p»r »cek.
FOLSOM, 634 — Sunny room* with closet and
bath.
FKANCJFCO Hotel— Elesant suites; single:
. transient: baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEAP.Y, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed buju« and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charge*; «uit,Binele;eleva.t.
2CEARNY. S4, end 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en 6ulte.or eingle.
MARTINKT. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, CC7. corner Eighth — Newly 'fumishej
bay- window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Single eunny
front room; private family; $1 25 per week.
KATOMA. 217, near Third— Furnished rooms,
single and double: one front room.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
sished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elei'ator; elee. lights t day, week, mo.
TINE and Leavenworth — Sunny suite, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; board optional; pri-
vate; gas, bath, phone; reference. Box
S4C7. Call office.'
EOYAL House. 128 EIli» — Incandescent light.
I reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
k. lor; rooms, per night, 35c to f 1 60; week, $2
-^\ to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
X floor; room* with hot and cold water; baths.
KPOMS TO LET — -Pnrn. and TJnfurn. 1
POLK. COS— Two parlors, single or en suite;
running water; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 171 — Corner house; Funny furnish-
ed rooms to let; single or dout*.
SHERMAN Apartment House.. 2S Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 28— Siftir.y furnished rooms, single
and suites, $6, $8, $12, $15; tel.; bath.
SIXTH. 240U, — Large front suite, light house- \
keeping: nice single rooms; running water.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
HoteT Et. Denis, 24 Turk st. '
STOCKTON. 332— Nice eunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phene.
WEBSTER. 134S, near O' Farrell— Sunny bay-
window suite, nicely furnished. ¦ with bath
and running water; rent reasonable; adults.
Yerba Buena, 25, nr. Taylor & Sacramento — >
Large^fur. rm.; nice location; rent moderate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. '
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
MEREDITH 218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electric lig'hts: hot and cold water: modern:,
first-class board; reasonable; phone South S29.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia |
St.; conservatories.
CROCKER. The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. 316 — Sunny room, elegantly furnished,
for refined couple or two young men.
i MISSION, 827 — Newly furnished rooms and
board ; private family; at low rate.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
Irvingdale 626 Eddy — Double & single rooms,
i suitable for students: good table; low rates.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
j 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
RtTPTURB SANITARIUM. . ~
RUPTURE~CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
¦ Market st.. rooms 5 and 0; new system.
] SPECIAL NOTICES.
AMERICAN CRUDE OIL BURNER CO.— Dis-
places other burners and installs in San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
¦ 7^4 per cent saving in oil. Send for cata-
! logue and Treatise on Oil Burning. Address
j works. 226 Fremont st. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
SE\VIX<5 MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green. 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, .rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
I PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main C713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co., 630 Market Bt.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^EATMBARGADnS IN^YTEWRITERS— We
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter ;
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors : estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE^ — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 33, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202. 204.
206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1902. Transfer books close Feb. 3,
1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent cfcim-
. ney, I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty flues;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete 'work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old j
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260, 318 Bush.
PROPOSALS. V
$40,000 — TOWN of Lompoc. Cal., water works
bonds — G. W. Meale, Clerk of the town of
Lompoc, will receive until February 10, 1902,
at 5 o'clock p. m., sealed proposals* for
$40,000 4% per cent 1 to 40 year Serial U. S.
gold water works bonds of this town. Interest
payable semi-annually, to bear Interest from
issuance. Denomination $500 each, payable
two each year; payable at Town Treasurer's
office. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on some national bank in California
for the sum of $2500, said check payable to
the order of the town of Lompoc and to be
addressed to and deposited with the Town
Clerk of said town, or, in lieu of said check,
cash gold coin in said amount {nay be
deposited with the Town Treasurer of said
town and his receipt therefor shall accom-
pany said bid; each bid to be Inclosed in a
eealed envelope indorsed "Proposition for
Water Works Bonds of the Town of Lom-
poc." and to be addressed to and deposited
with the Town Clerk _of said town. The
Board of Trustees of said town reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals or bids
for said bonds or to waive any informality in
any bid as the interests of said town may
require. Resolution and information fur-
j nisbed on application. G. W. MEALS, Town
Clerk.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco,
Cal.. February 1. 1902. — Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
; wharf or wharves or such warehouses In San
Francisco, Cai.. as per circular to be seen at
; this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a, m.. FRIDAY, February 21. 3902,
1 and opened Immediately thereafter in pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in-
, structlons to bidders and blank form of pro-
posal will be furnlphedlto established dealers
| on application to W. H. BALDWIN. Major
i Commissary, U. S. Army. Purchasing Com-
i missary.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either 'of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son-" authorized to have the same published.
. t B0EN.
GOLDEN— In this city 1 , February 1, 1902, to
the wife of J. F. Golden, a son.
HARRINOTON — In this city, February 1,
1SW2, to the wife of T. J. Harrington, a son.
LANN — In this city, January 4, l»02, to the
wife of George E. Lann, a daughter.
DIED. ~~
! Bielagk. Bruno McKown, Alex
' Blma. Ella Frances . Marln, Francisco
' Black. Matthias Mone. John J.
i . lirown, Catherine Niblock, George J.
Commary, John A. Pomies, Etlenne J.
Day. Elizabeth • Pratt, Alice
Dougery, Charles V. Saunders, Walton
Dwyer, Lawrence J. Shea, Mrs. Mary
Flood, Bridget Schwartz, Martrue-
Gulliver, Harriet rite J.
Hagredorn, Edna F. Silberstein. Julius
Hagerty,- Mary Ann Stackhouse. Eliza
Hammessley, A. -5. Stern, Abraham
Hoffman, Hannan Tuftree, Hubert
Ilg, Alma Warren. Fanny
Lange, Andrew W. ' Wittich, Barbara
McCormack. James
BIELAGK — In this city. February 2, 1902.
Bruno Jiielack, dearly beloved husband .of
Alice Bielagk, a native of Grossenhaen, Ger-
many, aged 37 years 9 months and 2 days.
BIMA — In Alameda, February 2, 1902, Ella
Frances, beloved daughter of Francis and
Tlnle Blma, a native of Alameda, aged 4
years 10 months and 1 day.
BLACK — In San Jose. Cal., January 31, 1902,
Mattiiias Black, a. native of Ohio, aged 74
years.
Clnterment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, to-
day (Monday), at 1 o'clock.
BROWN— In this city, February 2. 1902, Cath-
• erine, belo\xd wife of the late Richard
Brown, and mother of the late Jennie
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
COMMARY — February 2, 1902, John A., be-
The undertakers and general public are here-
by-notified that from and after thi3 date, the
price for Cremation at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery will be $10.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Ass'n.,
1504 MARKET ST. .
San Francisco, February 3, 1902.
loved husband of Emma Commary. '£ and
brother of William T. Commary, and uncle
of William E. Ccmmary,' a native of New
York, aged 59 years, i '
DAY— In this city, January 31, 1002, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late William H. Day,
and mother of Mrs. William Stockfleth, Wil-
. liam H. and Jennie Fan joy and the late Mrs.
C. Younjr and Mrs. O. Anselm, a native of
St. John, N. B., aged 71 years 6 months and
20 days. (St. John, N. B., papers please
copy.)
- (C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 3, 1002, at 11 o'clock, from her
•late residence, 274 Valencia street, thence
by electric funeral car from corner ' Four-
teenth and Valencia streets at 11:30 o'clock
to Mount Olivet Cemetery for interment.
DOUGERY— In Berkeley. February 2.: 1902,
Charles Vincent, beloved son of Edward and
Jennie Dougery, a native of California, aged
8 years 10 months and C days. .
DWYER — In this city, February 1, 1902,
Lawrence J., beloved" husband of Alice M.
Dwyer, father ot Lawrence J. Jr. and Mar-
guerite Dwyer, and brother of Annie F. and
Elizabeth M. Dwyer, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 43 years.
• O^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1320 Utah street, near Twenty-fourth,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing: at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLOOD — In this city, January 31, 1902, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Hugh Flood,
aunt of John R. Kelly, Mrs. M. Rodgers and
Michael Conroy, and sister of the late Mary
and John Kelly, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 72 years.
ICSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the : funeral . to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 272 Tenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross ' Cemetery.
GULLIVER— In this city, February 1. 1902.
Harriet," beloved wife of the late Charles
Gulliver, a native of London, England, aged
76 years 7 months and 10 days'.
ICTThe funeral services will take place
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
! Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAGEDORN— In this city, -.January 31, 1902,
Edna F.,, beloved wife of H. H. Hagedorn.
and youngest daughter of Mrs. Anna Kafka,
«¦ native of San Francisco.-
C7'The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1918 Steiner street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. - - . ¦ - ¦
HAGERTY— In this city, February M, 1902,
Mary Ann. beloved wife of James Hagerty.
and mother of James W. and John M. Hag-
erty, a native of County Tyrone, . Ireland,
ased 60 years.
Ey The funeral ; will take place to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the .parlors
'of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAMMESSLEY— In Oakland. February 1.
1902, Alfred S., beloved husband of Eliza P.
Hammessley, a native of • Canada, aged 61
years 4 months and 11 days. '
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day, February 4, 1902, at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1089 East Twenty-fifth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HOFFMAN— In this city. February 2, 1902,
Hannah, dearly beloved wife of Solomon
Hoffman, and dearly beloved mother of Sam,
Rose, Barney and Gussie Hoffman and Mrs.
Ratner and Mrs. Wilson, and daughter of
D. Goldberg, a native of London, aged 47
years. -•
ILG — In this city* Alma Ilg, beloved daughter
of George and Kathrlna Ilg, sister of Fred
and Mathilda Ilg, a native of California,
' aged 8 years 9 months and 28 days.'
LANGE — In this city, February 1. 1902, An-
drew W.. dearly beloved husband of Jo-
hannah Lange, father of Kittle, John, Anr
nle and Charlotte Lange and Mrs. William
Howe, a native of Brooklyn, New York, aged
50 years 5 months and 2 days. (Brooklyn
and New York papers please copy.)
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Wed-
nesday, February 5, ah 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 184 Rues street, between Sixth
and Seventh, Howard and Folsom. . Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McCORMACK — In this city, February 1, 1902.
James, beloved husband of Mary McCormack,
and father of James and Hannah McCor-
mack, a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland,
aged 42 years and 2 months.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦' (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 25 Zoe street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. InteVment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McKOWN — In this city, February 2, 1902,
Mr. Alex McKown, son of Mr. William Mc-
Kown and the late Hannah McKown, brother
of Robert.- William, John and Abbie Mc-
Kown and Mrs. B. McCottrey and Mrs. C.
Mars, a native of New York, aged 31 years
2 months and 17 days. ¦
MARIN— In this city. February 2. 1902, Fran-
cisco, beloved husband of Natalia Marln,
formerly of 309 Turk street, a native of Ori-
zaba, Mexico, aged 38 years. ;
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday/, at 2:30 o'clock, from the. parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private.
MONE — In this city. February 1, 1902, John
J. Mone, a native of Boston, Mas«., aged 55
years. . ¦ -
(C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.,' 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NIBLOCK— In this city, January 31, 1002.
George J., dearly beloved son of George and
; Emma Niblock. brother of Freeman and
Alma Raymond Niblock, grandson of Mary
and the late George W. Hanley, and nephew j
of David Leonard and George and Miss Mary
Hanley and Mrs. H. Cummer, a native of
San Francisco, aged 14 years 4 months and
6 days. "*t
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day, February 4, at 2 o'clock, at. 3261 Fol-
. Kom street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POMIES — In this city, February 1, 1902.
Eticnne J. Pomies, a native of France, aged
77 years.
PRATT— In- this city, February 1, 1902, Alice,
beloved daughter of C. H. S. and Margaret
Pratt, a - native of San Francisco, aeed 12
, years 11 months and 29 days. .,
I inyThe funeral will take place to-day
;" (Monday), at 11 o'clock, from 1736 Bryant
I street. Services and interment private.
, SAUNDERS— In this city, February 2, 1001,
I Walton, beloved husband of Mary F. Saun-
; ders, and father of May Walton.Saunders, a
[ native of Virginia, aged 62 years 7 months
and 10 days.
SHEA— In this city, Tcbruafy 1, 1902, Mrs
• Mary Shea, beloved mother of Mrs. James
Redington and the late Mrs. Jennie Holland
and Thomas and 'James Shea, formerly of
Moores Flat, Nevada County, a native of
Ireland, i
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 4, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1658 Market street, thence to St
fe Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - . ¦
SCHWARTZ — In this city, February 2, 1902,
at the -residence of her parents, 814 Dolores
street, of diphtheria, Mareuerite Josephine
Schwartz, dearly beloved daughter of Charles
F. and Mary J. Schwartz, and darling sister
of Catherine and Joseph Schwartz, a native
of Kentucky, aged 6 years 2 months and 1
day. (Cincinnati, Ohio, papers please copy.)
SILBEESTEIN — In this city, February 1, 1902,
Julius, dearly beloved husband of Cepora
Silberstein, and father of Ethel, Leopold,
Martha, Henry, Jake, Joe and Lyonel ' Sil-
berstein,' and brother of Herman and Clara
Silberstein, a native of Posen, aged 47 years.
KyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Mon-
day, February 3, at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 405 Third street, thence by 11:30
train to New Salem Cemetery.
STACKHOUSE— In this city, January 31, 1902,
Eliza Stackhouse, mother of George E. 1 and
William H. Soule. Mrs. A. W. Martin and
the ltte -Mrs. J. C. Ford, a native -of- New
• York City, aged 71 years 5 months and 5
days.
inyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
¦ tend the funeral services Monday, February
3, at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 319
O'Farrell street. Interment private.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2Q Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
'Telephone South 80. l \
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
KAJJ- BRTTNO HIL.LS.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. :^
J.HENDERSON. < Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
'Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 076. ¦
NEW FIRM oFTjNDBrJTAKBIisT"™
1 Samuel 'McFadden, 18 years manager for.
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company tor IS
.years; P. F.', Green, . late with J. C. O'Con-
nor. & Co., have opened hew Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh"
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
REMOVED!
McGINN BROS.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBAHM-
ERS, to 224 and 228 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy tt. Tel. South 252.) -
ST^RN— In this city, February 2, j 1902, Abra-
ham,' beloved, husband of ' Rosalie Stern, and
father of Mrs. Marc H. Levy and Mrs. B.
Schapiro and Louis A; and . Sigmund • Stern,
a native of Ostrova,:- West Prussia, aged 66
years 3 months and 18 days. . _
TUFFREE — In-: this city, February 2, 1902,
Hubert TufTree, , a native of San Francisco.
- aged 2 years 1 month and 21 days.;!-
WARREN— In Alameda, February 1, ,1902,
' Fanny Warren, beloved wife of the ¦ late
E. F. Warren, mother of Mrs. Amy J. Pat-
terson of Alameda. | Miss Adelina M.- Deas
of San Francisco, Mrs. Belle, Wyatt of
Everett. Wash., and James Deas of San
Francisco, .a native of Canada, aged - 57
years 5 months and 25 days. .. - -
WITTICH — In Alameda, . February 1, 1902,
Barbara, beloved wife of the late Julius
Wittich, and mother of Lizzie B.. Julius H.
and Emilie Wittich, a native of Germany,
aged 57 years 1 month and 23 days.
CARD OF THANKS."
To the many friends and acquaintances
-who gave so many evidences of their heart-
felt and comfortinsr sympathy., and! beautiful
floral offerinss during our late bereavement
of lovine son, ¦ Harrold Joseph Hoffman,
•we desire to return" our heartfelt thanks.
KUGENE HOFFMAN. .
¦ . . ' EMMA A. HOFFMAN.THREE YOUNG WHARF RATS WHO . WERE CAPTURED YESTERDAY MORNING WHILE PREPARING
BREAKFAST IN A "DEN" LOCATED IN DOE'S LUMBER YARD AND SURROUNDED BY MILLIONS OF
DOLLARS' WORTH OF INFLAMMABLE PROPERTY. . . ' .
While this particular breed of -wharf rat
will steal anything portable, they confine
their depredations to the coalyards along
the water front. They find plenty of cus
tomers for their loot in the small restau
rants, saloons and laundrfes. The money
obtained for the coal is usually expended
on cheap claret and cigarettes, and, inci
dentally, while one of the "gang" Is buy
ing the cigarettes or wine his brothers In
crime, who accompany him in a body, pick
up. around the store such trifles as they
can get away with. ,
- Holden, who is 17 years old and lives at
85 Federal street, has been under arrest
eight times and has twice been committed
to public institutions. rWillle Molden
hauer.ls 12 years old. . His brother August
is 14. They live at 411 Bryant street.
¦ In the immediate vicinity of the fire
•built by the boys in their shingle cave is
the entire stock of lumber belonging to C.
F.' Doe & Co.; the coalyards and bunkers
of the Pacific Coast Company, and within
easy traveling distance are six of the
busiest wharves on the water front, most
of them laden with lumber and inflamma
ble merchandise and all of them having
valuable vessels moored alongside.
In the cave was found a collection of
loot., that testifies to the broad-minded
character of these particular wharf rats.
There ¦ was . a supply of ' cups, saucers,
glasses, lamp- chimneys, pepper, salt,
gloves, condensed rmilk.' of. numerous
brands, postage stamps, billheads and two
official seals of the" Pacific .Coast Com
pany. ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ¦_ :'.'^v:"-:r • ¦ '
¦ Taken by surprise, the • enemy surren
dered. • The fire was extinguished, and
after, a little, telephoning a patrol wagon
arrived and carried to the City" Prison the
three wharf rats, carefully handcuffed
into one string. .As the '_ wagpii started
Holden. the eldest of the triq. and said
to be the toughest rat on the beach, dra
matically Informed -Fitzgerald that when
free again he would return- and -with a
pistol loaded for business would blow the
officer from the face. of the earth.- •
customary cunning, these- juvenile birds
of prey had anticipated attack" atid" pro
vided an extra door for escape. Fltzger-]
aid got assistance. He stationed his help
er at one entrance, while he climbed the.
roof and dropped: through, the front- door
right into, the middle of the breakfast
party. ; : : : :
Walter S. Corley, a machinist employed
at the Union Iron Works and residing at
507 Twentieth avenue South, received a
contused injury of the right thigh and
knee yesterday, by- being, caught between
two trolley cars at the crossing of Six
teenth .and Mission streets. He was re
moved'to the Railroad Hospital In the
patrol wagon, from the Seventeenth-street
station, and after receiving treatment was
sent to -his home. - . ¦¦:
Caught Between Two Cars.
Without ; seeing the Diamond Palace
would be . like visiting' Europe without
seeing Paris. It is a leading- feature | of
San Francisco. It Is a marvel of beauty
and elegance. It is unquestionably the
most magnificent Jewelry emporium in the
world— the splendid conception of a mas
ter mind, a controlling genius. Artistic
taste > and skill challenge competition
here. To be appreciated It must be seen.
Every visitor and resident should go and
examine the marvels of genius at 221
Montgomery street: A. Andrews, propri
etor..- ¦..'¦¦- v ¦ / .' ¦¦ ¦ -.:;¦;. •
To Visit San Francisco
Admiral Windes has been for forty-one
years in the service of the United States
navy and was second in command under
Admiral Dewey during the Spanish war,
¦when he commanded the Boston. « He will
sail on the China, which leaves for the
Orient on February 7.
Rear Admiral' Frank "Wlndes arrived
yesterday from Pensacola, Fla., and reg-.
istered at the California. Admiral Windes
ie going to China by the next steamer
to succeed Rear Admiral Kempf as Juniot
squadron commander of the Asiatic fleet.
Admiral Windes was commandant at the
Pensacola navy yard for one month past,
and previous to that was captain of the
New York navy yard. He was promoted
rear admiral on October 9, 1901, and was
detached on promotion. '
Will Succeed Admiral Kempf as Jun
ior Squadron Commander of the *
¦ Asiatic Fleet.
BEAU ADMIRAL 1 WINDES IS
HERE EN ROUTE TO CHINA
The programme consisted of nineteen
numbers embracing a vast*varlety of
songs, duets and dances. The honors cf
the evening were carried oft by Queenle
Tilton, Gladys Montague, Maudle Sharp,
"Baby" Deutsch, Grade Wright, Clarence
Krone, Melville Coakley, Alice Barnum,
Dora Stelllnpr. Miss- Shemanski, Addle
Deutsch, Lillian Levy, Reyna Belasco,
Gertrude Devlne and Uessie Radigan. The
singing of Queenie Tilton and the coon
specialties of Gladys Montague were es
pecially good and won enthusiastic ap
plause. A dance followed the entertain
ment.
An entertainment and dance was given
in honor of • little Queenle Tilton of
Brownie fame by her friends at Union
Square Hall last night. A varied pro
gramme was rendered to the delight of
an . audience that . filled every Inch of
space in the auditorium. . ¦
Excellent Style at Union
Square Hall.
Young People Render Numbers in
XITTLB ARTISTS HONOR
FAIR QTJEENIE TLLTON
The beach at the Cliff House was
thronged until the sun, like a huge ball of
fire, sank In a - smudge edged with fiery
colors below the distant sea line. Tho
genial warmth and lack of fog and wind
rendered the promenades along the beach
attractive. The various resort3 about the
Cliff House were well patronized.
Although the grass lawns and pathways
were a trifle damp from the effect of Sat
urday night's rain, the spots exposed to
the sun's rays were covered with children
at play. The tennis courts were In con
stant use. during the afternoon, and al
though there was no music its lack was
not evidently observed by the promenad
ers. The number of equipages in the park
during the day was unusually large.-
The children's playground at the park
was a - scene of merriment throughout the
afternoon.- • The little ones were out in
force and the donkeys and goats had a
lively time of it for several hours. The
merry-go-round was liberally patronized
by the tiny folks and their custodians. ,
The balmy sunshine attracted thousands
to the park and ocean beach yesterday.
It was a day of enjoyment to sightseers,
to whom an outing since the cold weather
was inaugurated several weeks ago was a
rarity. • . ;'-¦
of Enjoyment to Seekers After
Fresh Air.
Balmy Sunshine Renders Sabbath One
THOUSANDS VISIT
PARK • AND BEACH
Robert Swanson, a waiter, was knocked
down and run over by a car of the Sut
ter-street line on Polk and • Jackson
streets last evening and narrowly escaped
being killed. Swanson was riding on tho
dummy of a northbound car. At the cor
ner of Jackson street the car came to a
standstill. Suddenly Swanson slid from
his seat to the street. A southbound car
was approaching and before, the gripman
could apply the brakes hard enough to
come to a stop his car was upon the pros
trate man, • ¦
The front part of -the dummy struck
Swanson and he was dragged a short dis
tance. Before the car was brought under
control the wheels of the- dummy had
passed "over Swanson's right hand. The
victim was extricated from his position
and sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital in the North End patrol wagon. Dr.
Murphy examined the injured man and
found that besides having his right hand
badly crushed he was suffering from se
vere contusions of the hips and a lacer
ated scalp.
The patient's injuries demanded that
part of the wounded hand be' amputated,
but Swanson, who was considerably under
the influence of liquor, refused to allow
the operation to be performed. Dr. Mur
phy dressed the wound and had Swanson
put to bed. J. L. Payne, the gripman of
the car which ran over Swanson, was ar
rested 1 by Police Officer Mangan and
charged with battery.
George Dunn,, residing at 169 Minna
street, was knocked down by. an electric
car at New Montgomery and Mission
streets last night.
An elderly woman, accompanied by a
young man, called at the Central Emer
gency Hospital early last evening to be
treated for a slight bullet wound on tho
face. The woman declared her wound to
be the result of an . accident. She said
that a friend | of hers was handling a
small pistol in her room when the weapon
was accidentally discharged and the bul
let struck her on the face. The woman
refused to make any further statement,
and after being treated left the hospital.
She gave the name or Mrs. Wilson and
her residence as Seventeenth and Guer
rero streets, but hinted that both were
fictitious. ¦ „ < ¦ . .
Elderly Woman Is Treated
at Hospital for Bullet
".- " Wound. "
Robert Swanson Has His
Hand Mangled in
Accident.
WHARF RATS' CAVE FIRE IMPERILS
LUMBER AND COAL YARDS AND SHIPS
Three Juvenile Pirates Are Arrested While Cooking Their Morning Meal
in a Shingle Retreat in the Midst of Great Piles of Timber and
in Dangerous Proximity to the Bunkers and Vessels at the Wharves
SEVEHELY HURT
BY A CABLE CAR
THE SAIl FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1902.
: v T *l? °y er the details while you lunch at
the Cafe Zinkand. .: . •.
D% £eo. : Stallman, - Dentist, , 120 Sutter'st.*
Niagara, though not the highest water
fall, holds-' the record for- size.' Thirty
two million tons of water roll over the
cliff In the, course of a! single hour.
The Jenth annual benefit performance in
aid of the charity, fund of the local lodge
of the Theatrical | Mechanics' | Association
will take place next Thursday afternoon
at the Orpheum. Talent from the com
panies now appearing ; at ; the theaters in
the. city will be present and a big pro
gramme has been arranged." j Mayar
Schmitz, who is an honorary member of
the association, will deliver an address of
welcome. : '¦ '¦- •'» '¦•• "¦.--•¦ :
Benefit for Theatrical Mechanics.
Trapper's Oil cures rtcumatura axid.neura.lKl*-
DrurEists. 60c flask. Klchard U Co. HOG Clay. '
• I am suffering-. ' I leave my belongings and
money to Mrs. Kate Mercler for her kindness
I B. ,W., DINNEN ;
Mrs. Mercier lives at 5 Alemany stre'et
and was engaged to be married to Din
nen, their wedding to take place as /j?oon
as her period of mourning for her hus
band, who died recently, expired. Din
nen and Mrs. Mercier' s husband had been
fr'ends and the latter before his death
requested Dinnen to take care of his
wife. . . . -
Dinnen was a native' of Michigan 41
years of age. : . ~ . *'
Bartley W. • Dinnen, a barber at 206
Fourth . street, committed suicide at St.
Luke's Hospital. Saturday.. by. cutting his
throat with . a razor. .The Morgue offi
cials were notified and they, remoyed. the
body from the hospital yesterday atter
noon. .¦ . - ¦ .
Dinnen was admitted to 'the hospital
on January* 25 to 'be ..treated for. chronic
gastritis, from which j he ¦ had - long suf
fered. He had evidently contemplated
self-destruction,' as a few days 'ago he
asked a friend, named Donegan to bring
his razor the next time he called. Done
pan had apparently '- carried*, out his re
quest. -- ¦¦ ~- -¦ — - - ,-¦-....:,. ;,
Saturday morning Miss Cockerton, a
nurse, tried to get. into Dinnen's room,
but found it locked. She went but to the
veranda, and, looking' through the win
dow, saw Dinnen stretched out on the
floor with the blood - pouring ... from . a
wound in his throat.- His razor was on
the floor, close to his right hand. She
called Drs. Lucas and Allen • and they
iorced open the door. They sewed up
the wound in his throat, but were of
the opinion that Dinnen .could not sur
vive. He died between 12 and 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. . .
A note left by Dinnen is as follows^ ."
At the. renewal' of pledges next Sunday
the various companies of the' League of
the Cross will compete In presenting es
pays on the subject of "The Necessity of
Temperance Among Young Men."
Companies A, CD, G, H and M met
in Metropolitan Temple, and, under the
direction of Rev.: Father Philip ,O\Ryan
and Father Cornelius Kennedy, took part
in the rally. The full band of the regi
ment was^ present, and, with the organ,
furnished | the ¦ music for the occasion.
Major J. P. Duffy presided and .Father
O'Ryan exhorted- all present to strive to
secure new members for the organization.
Father O'Ryan also announced that the
junior branches of the 1 regiment would
be given more attention in ¦ the future
than in the past, and' outlined a plan of
competition in recitation for each -parish,
for which silver medals will be • awarded.
The League of the Cross cadets held
a rally in Metropolitan j Temple yester
day afternoon to rehearse the, singing .of
hymns that will be a feature of the* ex
ercises to be held in St. Mary's Cathe
dral next Sunday, when the cadets will
assemble before Archbishop Riordan to
renew their, pledges of "temperance. _
It is Binney's custom torrid© horseback
in the park whenever- a favorable oppor
tunity presents itself. He Is an excellent
rider, and the prospects of- being thrown
from the saddle* neved occurred to him
yesterday. In company : with / Robert P.
RIthet, president of -tho shipping firm of
Welch & Co., he rode ,to the park. Mr.
Binney's horse ,was -unusually fractious. .
¦ While riding .through the park on the
return trip at noon;Binney's horse became
frightened af. a bicycle, and. getting the
bit between its-: teeth- galloped madly
away. Binney held his seat flrmly and
sought to quiet 'the frightened animal.
While Binney was leaning forward in the
paddle the horse stumbled. > Binney lost
his .seat and .was thrown to the ground.
fortunately his feet were freed from: the
fctirrups at the time of he might have been
dragged to death.
Officer C. Arrellanes was In the vicinity
at the time of the accident and he rushed
to Binney's assistance. Binney was un
conscious and blood flowed freely from a
wound in the scalp, a cut on the nose and
another on a leg. Help was Immediately
summoned and Binney was taken to the
police station on Stanyan street, where
his injuries were partly . dressed. At his
own request he Was conveyed to his room
at the Pacific-Union .dub,, where his phy
si cian was awaiting his arrival. Mean
while Officer Arrellanes caught Binney's
A r w e i. and Jt was returned to the stable. S
- Although -Binney's injuries are . severe
they .-, are In no sense dangerous. His
wounds: were found- to be /superficial,
merely, and no bones were broken. They
are sufficient, however, to keep him con
fined to his bed for some days to come.-
Thomas Binney, a member of. the well
known firm of Balfour, 1 Guthrle & Co.,
met with a 1 painful accident- while riding
fn the park yesterday.^and.as a' result he
Is confined to- his ; room ; in the"; Pacific-
Union Club suffering, from -severe contu
sions of the head, face: and limbs.
Clubman Meets With
Accident in the
; '/-. • < : ¦'Park... ¦ -v
League of Cross Cadets
Will Assemble: in j
Cathedral; ' • '.; ;
Bartley W. Dinnen Cuts
His Own Throat
Witt a Razor. 7
TO TAKE PLEDGE
OF TEMPERANCE
HORSE THROWS
THOMAS BINNEY
Edwin L. Grif flth. Dies in Borne.
A dispatch received yesterday from
Rome. Italy, announced the death of Ed
win L. Griffith "f this city from, heart
failure brought about by pneumonia. The
deceased was manager of the Arctic Oil
Vvorks and Pacific Steam Whaling Com
pany, the offices of which are at 30 Cali
fornia street, tils residence was in Ross
Valley, where he lived with his wife and
eon, both of whom accompanied him on
his trip to Europe. The, family left here
last October, intending to be absent one
year.
Reese r>onnellan, who .says he lives" at
the Golden West Hotel,' reported to the
police yesterday morning that he had been
robbed of $80 while asleep in a chair In tho
I X L saloon, on Fourth street, near
Market, and Captain Seymour detailed
Detective Cody to make an investigation.
Donnellan said he went into the saloon
about 1 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
had a few drinks. He had a feeling as if
he was to become unconscious and sat
down in a chair. He fell asleep and did
not awake until about midnight. He
missed his watch and about $S0 in money
which he had in his pockets when he sat
down in the chair. He complained to the
bartender, who returned his watch, say
ing he had taken it for safety, but denied
knowing anything: about the money.
rious Case of Reese Don
nellan. -
Police Are Investigating tke Myste-
CLAIMS HE WAS ROBBED •
Wi±H/R ASLEEP IN SALOO1T
COMMITS SUICIDE
IN A HOSPITAL
The "cave" was furnished with the pro
ducts of numerous looting ¦ expeditions. ¦
The pirates were discovered at home, sur
rounded by the evidences of guilt and an
ticipating a breakfast of pilfered . bread,
stolen coffee and bacon, cooked in a felo
niously obtained pot and frying pan- on
coals" taken surreptitiously from the Pa
cific Coast Company. .........
The smoke from the fire attracted the
special's attention. Long acquaintance
with the wharf rat has taught Fitzgerald
the necessity of care in approaching this
active enemy of anything that can be car
ried a.way. He reconnoitered, discovered
the lair and found out that, with their
by Special Policeman Fitzgerald
in the lumber yard of C. F. Doe & Co.,
at the foot of Fremont street. When ar
rested the boys were sitting in front of
a coal flre built in "a. cave" constructed
of bundles of shingles and situated right
In the heart of about a half-million dol
lars* worth of lumber and coal. • '
HEODORE HOLDEN and Willie
I and August Moldenha.uer, small
I boys of the wharf '.rait variety,
11 were arrested yesterday morning
Prince David was part of the time with
Colonel Samuel Parker, who married Mrs.
CampbelL The Prince says that he be
lieves that Colonel Parker will be ap
pointed Governor of Hawaii to succeed
Governor Dole. He says that Parker is
the only man mentioned .for the place.
Parker will arrive to-day, having been de
layed en route. He and the Prince and
their wives will leave for the islands
about the middle of this month.
Prince David Kawanaaakoa, who recent
ly married Miss Alice Campbell in this
city, returned yesterday with his newly
made bride and took apartments at the
Occidental. The Prince visited Washing
ton. D. C, on his honeymoon trip, besides
touching at some of the larger Eastern
cities.
Undoubtedly Be Appointed Gov
ernor of Hawaii.
Believes Colonel Samuel Parker Will
PKHTCE DAVID KETTJIRNS
FE0BI HIS HONEYMOON
It appears that- the singer has been
very nervous ever since she experienced
a railroad accident recently. It was
deemed advisable to cancel her dates at
Redlands and San Diego. It was intended
to have her go to Monterey, but on the
advice of William Greenebaum, who, with
Al Bouvier. is managing the coast tour,
the came to this city.
Mne. Lillian Xordica is confined to her
room at the Palace with a slight attack
of nervousness and was unable to see any
of her friends yesterday. Dr. James W.
Ward, who is in attendance, says that the
attack is not serious and that his patient
will be able to appear at the concert for
which she is billed to-morrow night. Dr.
"U'ard believes that absolute rest is neces
sary for her.
Expects to Appear at Scheduled
Concerts.
Distinguished Singer Needs Eest, but
ITORDICA IS SLIGHTLY ILL
WITH NERVOUS ATTACK
Barry on New Year's eve was stabbed
in the neck during a fight at Third and
Mission streets. Cornelius Fitzgerald, a
bollermaker, was arrested for the crime,
but Barry declared that he was not Lie
man who stabbed him, and Judge Conlan
dismissed the case. Barry's wound is not
yet quite healed.
The captive gave his name as Edward
Barry and said he was a fireman, living
at 250 Tehama street. He was taken to
the City Prison and booked on a charge
of robbery. He denied that he had any
thing to do with the stealing of Frank's
watch, and claimed that he was not with
the other two men, whom he said he did
not know. Frank was unable to give a
description of the other two. -
The robbers started to run along Kear
n~ in the direction of Market, and Frank
ran after them, shouting "Stop thief!"
The three robbers separated and Frank
kept after the one who had taken his
watch out of his pocket. He overtook
him at the corner of Geary street and
heid him. notwithstanding his struggles,
till Policeman J. N. Beach appeared and
placed him under arrest.
Leonard Frank, a laborer, living at 34
Minna street, was standing at Post and
Keamy streets looking Into a^ store win
dow when three men gathered around
him. One of them quickly threw an arm
around h>s neck and snatched his watch
out of his pocket, deftly passing It to one
of the others. • :
A bold daylight robbery was perpetrated
at Post and Kcarny streets shortly be
fore 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon by
three men, and one of them was chased
and captured.
Highwaymen "Who Stole
Hii Watch.
He Captures One of the Three
Leonard Frank Is Held
Up at Kearny and
Post Streets.
ROBBERS WORK
IN DAYLIGHT
10
WASH FABRICS
We will place bn sale this week £5 c.3ses
New -Wash; Goods, ana will show complete
lines of the following;
NEW CHEVIOTS-
.150 pieces 32-lncb SCOTCH SHIRTING CHEVIOT.
These come In stripes and plain colors, also plain'
white.
Price 25c Yard
NEW WASH CREPES- •
250 pieces JAPANESE wash crepes, 30 inches
wide. These are In a great variety of stripes,
checks, plaids and plain colors.
I Price 15c and 25c Yard
NEW DIMITIES-
275 pieces FINE PRINTED DIMITY, SO inches wide.
These are in stripes, dots and figures, dark, me-
. dlum and light grounds,
Price IOc Yard
NEW CALATEAS-
10 cases ENGLISH GALATEAS in hiues, reds/tans,
hlack and white, also solid colors. These goods
are 29 inches wide.
Price 15c Yard
NEW PERCALES-
15 cases 36-inch PRINTED PERCALES (extra aual-
ltu). These are in dark, medium and light
grounds and all new stales.
Price I2#c Yard
NEW CINCHAfVlS-
25 cases Genuine CHAMBRAY GINGHAMS In
• stripes, checks, plaids and fancu colors. There
is an elegant assortment of these goods,
f Price IOc Yard
Mali Orders promptlu and carefullu executed, and.
samples forwarded free to anu address.
0(%nfio\/y
III. 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
WhatShali We
Have for Dessert?
This question - arises , in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious , and healthful dessert. .Pre-
pared in two minutes. • No boiling ! : no
baking ! add boiling .water; and set' to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Raspi.
berry and , Strawberry, y Get a packago",
dt your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
80LDBERG, BO WEN & CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
0OLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO
Monday Tuesday Wednesday'
Ferris bacon
Quality superb— reg'ly 22KC lb— 2O C
Marmalade
Keiil*r— made from Seville 2forA CC
oranges-Dundee-reg'ly 25c jar iui tO w
S h r i m p s
Pansy— fine. for K lb can 1 for 2CC
saiad-reg'ly ioc- 3 25
20c can 1 ib can 1 S c
Cocoanut
Scheppe— schredded— „ it e . r/%
reg'ly 30c Ib 2 lbs 45c
S a 1 m on
I Selected — 1 lb flat cans — T rv O
reg'ly i2#c . Ioc
Co f f e e •
Crescent — reg'ly 25c lb 20c
C h e e s e
Eastern-^mild or sharp— for n iL e .,
Welsh rarebit-reg'ly 22KC lb 2 l Ds 3 5c
Li ma be an s
Winter vegetables are scarce— T f c
reg'ly 20c can ->
V i n eg a r
French white wine — " oc\r
reg'ly 25c bottle •*
S a f e t y matches
Safe where children are— heads 2 Cr
don't fly off— 3600 matches — V c
5 dozen boxes
C u r'r y pow d e'r
Bombay— true flavor- 2 for 25c
reg'ly 15c— 20c bottle 2oc
P e a c h e s
Fancy peeled— evaporated o \-l . ._
fruit-reg'ly 25c lb 2 IDS 35c
Apricots
Selected — make a rich dessert — t r r
reg'ly 20c lb i ./,/•. 1 5 C
M in c e meat
Atmore — res'ly 70C-5 lb pail — 60c
like home-made
Toil et-.pa p e r
In rolls— soft tissue-r- *7 cc
reg'ly $ 1 dozen * /J
C o 1 g.a t e ,'¦ s s oap
Turkish bath— reg'ly 60c c oc
1 dozen cakes J
Whisk y
Bull Dog— rye or bourbon—
full Quart— 10 years old f 1 2 5
W h i s k y
Old Crow bourbon 1893 } $1 25 -hot $j
Hermitage ryo 1894 )$S gallon 4,
60LDBSBB. BOWES * CO'S BPICIAL SAVCT9 SAM
Cherries
In marasquin — for flavoring
punch— lemonade— cocktails— 5 OC
reg'ly 6oc quart bottle
'Cocktails,
Best Ingredients— 6 kinds— nnr
ready to use— reg'ly $i 25 bottle V uu
Vista del Valle
w i n e s
_ , rejr'Iy • j P ecl*
Sauterne-plain$5 50 case 1 doz. qts. $4 25
" " 650 "2 doz. pts. 500
Claret La Rose 5 00 case 1 doz. qts. 3 75
" " 600 •* 2 " pts. 4 50
Nail brusji
A fust-class brush— reg'ly 30c 2fc
Too t-h brush
Kent's best quality—
reg'ly 40c ' O oc
Bath accessories
Solid brass nickel plated-hizh quality-
low priced-remodel your bath room —
complete outfit here for your new one
A few more prices
Eggs— guaranteed doz 25c
Eau-de-Quinine— Pinaud bottle 65c
Florida water — M & L •* 45c
Black walnuts — eastern lb xoc
Ferris hams— best in the world rAr
" bacon— square o oc
Stuffed olives bottle ioc
432 Pln» 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets, Oakland
iPpOi
Ocularoum
Offers you the service of
optical experts and makes
your glasses to o r d e r at
moderate cost.
VU*T*i I IMK)\tl wTim
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSO3I STREET.
£an Francisco Gas Coke for sals to famine*
and to the trade at reduced rates.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
USSCOVERY
FOR THE •
I BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS 1
TErauLrcT
lauonrreeandsacredlyconfldentlalcaUoriddreai
o - , *• Bo »COE MCXCI.TY, II. D.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The World's Cure for
I ¦ is-
I Natural Laxative Mineral Water.
| It is the Best and Safest rera- |
I edy for disordered stomach, j
I biliousness and liver trouble, !
I and it cures Constipation.
a Drink one-half glassful on
| arising in the morning and
| you will feel the remarkable ! |
i and agreeable effects in a short j {
J time. j
\ Hunyadi JANOS \
\ . (FULL NAME.) \
\ If you simply ask for Hunyadi
I water you may be IMPOSED "'
| UPON. i
5 BOTTLE HAS BLUE LABEL,
| WITH RED CENTER. | }
rfcis signature ie on every box of the gaaulaa
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tawett . i
ti j remedy that ceres a cold in one «*ji ]