PRICE FIVEi GENTS.
VOLUME XOI.— KO. 84.
SA^FRANGISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1902.
MINISTER IN TEMPESTUOS
MOOD OVER WESTERN MAN'S
STAND ON CHINESE PROBLEM
WU TING FANG SHAKES HIS FIST IN FACE
OF EX-MAYOR PHELAN DURING PUBLIC ROW
The San Francisco Call.
RIVAL LIBERAL LEADERS'
SEPARATION MAY CAUSE A
UNION-IMPERIAL COALITI0N
'^ i >OozitLQLued''on'P»^e Two,
Italian Cabinet Resigns.
ROME, Feb. 21.— The Cabinet has . re
signed, owing to the failure to-day of
Eignor Villa, the Government candidate
for the Presidency of the Chamber of
Deputies, to secure his re-election.
Two Tcung ; Girls - Axe Asphyxiated.
PHILADELPHIA,. Feb. 21.— Marie . 1*0-
Jahm, aged 19 years, and Lizzie Klosteron,
27 ; years. . employed in " the restaurant of
Jacob Hess, 2701 Germantown avenue,
were found dead in bed this morning, hay.
Ing been' asphyxiated by gaa. The girls
roomed together ; and the ¦ gaa escaped
Xioma, register in the room.
CHICAGO, Feb. .21.— Dr. ; and Mrs.
Hiram W.'Thomas of Chicago were - re
fused passports to visit the South African
concentration camps by Secretary Hay, of
the State 'Department at Washington to
day. Dr. and Mrs. Thoinas\ intended to
go : to Africa to distribute money for the
use of the camp prisoners. Secretary ]
Hay. It Is stated, gave as, his reason 'for
refusing: the passports that President
Roosevelt would object, and consequently
he ' would not . make , application for ' them
to Lord Pauncefote.
Hay Gives Them No Passports.
¦ Two: meniwhose ; names have; not i been
.learned^; attempted J, to 1'escape '.'from ".!tho
Park -Avenue ', Hotel^ by) going to I the roof.*
¦ Both of^themj Jumped ; from '^the ' roof . later
.; brie'- was 'instantly killed. > The other^
;was . fatally; injured. : ; <,';"
•At ; 4:15. a.": m.\ the -fire, waa under con
traM',' " ' '¦ ¦'¦¦¦. ¦:¦" :' ¦;. " V • . ' •¦-;¦-.
i - NEW: YORK, f Feb. }22.- r Admiral Joseph
Miller, : .U. , S" N. ; , retired, '.who ' had 'a ' room
on "j the fifth floor of the Park Avenue .' Ho
tel, fell ' unconscious in his fatterript ; . to! es
cape : from :l the -.burning * building.- ; , It •« is
stated ' that : he ; cannot r recover.' v .i Admiral
iMiller/ wentij through 'the :. Windsor- Hotel
• fire and : the Murray Hill ' f explosion ¦ uh
;scathed.»J¦¦¦¦».' ! ';-v-.- •- ¦ . '¦'¦¦• ¦ " ¦" :v'f J ", ''. ;
ADMIRAL MILLER DYING.
Natives Along tbY Coast Are' Terror-:
ized by the Strength {ot
;.:'.:.:.. '.the':. Sea.;./ .>': ' : .:.. ' X
; PANAMA, Colombia, Febi 21.— The" Her
ald's correspondent In '^^ Salvador *¦ reports
that tidal waves on the Salvadoran coast
have i killed "¦ more than ¦ fifty ; people ¦ and
caused ; the partial ' destruction of' seven
villages. ... . ,',•.';..."-•'''•-.",•¦
,; Native [tribes arid superstitious .inhabit-,
ants; of ; towns along the coast are ¦ in a
state of teirbr, fearing" a repetition of the
tidal waves, ' : '^ . ' : . '•'" '. •'• ' : '^j-r
TIDAL' WAVES CAUSE •
DEATHS AT SALVADOR
Manager Smith of McDonald & Co. re
fused to pay.'a judgment obtained against
him under -the peon*, law last Monday
and was arrested.' The Consul bestirred
hjmself ; in . the matter, .'with the result
that the officials receded from their posi
tion and Smith, was released to-day.
¦_• Last November the Guayaquil agent of
McDonald & Co. was compelled to seek
refuge in the consulate to escape the
blackmailing operations . of officials. , :
... GUAYAQUIL, Feb. 21.— Strenuous ef
forts/on the. part of the'Airferican Consul
here,- strongly ; supported by all residents
of that nationality, have averted another,
outrage on ' an American citizen by petty
officials.
Representative.
Is Stopped by United States
Action' of- Petty Officials in Ecuador
PROTEST OF THE CONSUL
RELEASES AN AMERICAN
CLASHES WITH BRIGANDS.
Encounters That Hay Prevent Hiss
P Stone's Release.
LONDON, Feb. 22.— Cabling from Ceres.
European Turkey, under date of February
2L the correspondent of the Daily Graphic
says that Miss Ellen M. Stone, the cap
tive American missionary, was seen last
Saturday, escorted by twenty-flve armed
brigands, in the Bozdagh Mountains, at
the southern extremity of the Perlm
range, thirty miles from Ceres. >--.
M. Gaxgioulo, . the dragoman of .the
American legation at Constantinople.' is
etlll here, continues the correspondent.
He fears that If the foregoing be true
there is likelihood of an encounter be
tween the brigands and the ' troops pa
trolling that country. In which case it is
doubtful whether the brigands would al
low the captives to escape alive.
Conditions In Macedonia are most criti
cal, says the Daily Graphic's dispatch.
The authorities admit that 200 Bulgarians
have invaded, that country and that en
counters with the troops are occurring
frequently. The brigands killed three
eololers at Llgodatch last Sunday. The
Bulgarians are reported to be • armed
•with Mannlicher rifles. Eighty Bulgar
ians are reported to have been wounded
during the recent attempts to cross the
line of demarkation. Spring has come
and the snow on the mountains is melt
ing.
• "Oh. no," I" don't," Phelan r shouted 5 back.
VFlye : times : as "Mayor -"are .enough •. for
irie." Then" h© mentioned -tho hated 'word
1 '.'Majorities, 1 ! " * shouted t. ' Wu. "I : know
what . you mean,'. Mr.' Phelan ; you want to
be elected again."
, I'But we refer i to all 'Chinese laborers as
coolies," said Phelan. \. "We must protect
our.oiwn. We" must "maintain burrnajori
tiesjv-v;,.' ;..¦¦¦; , . ¦ ¦,-;,-. . » . : , ¦¦
WU liIAKES THREATS.
; "The coolie Is a man .who carries a bas
ket,"^he said. . "He" Is fa'menial-^the' low
est of our Vace.\ If you mean to keep him
from; coming: here I i agree .with you. r. The
coolie' should be' kept out."
; L The .hand that, the diplomat was about
to give the new acquaintance shot up to
ward " Phelan's face.' and ' shaking it furi
ously-Wu delivered the quoted salutation.
His voice '.trembled and his face reddened
as he fairly shouted the words." - ; Phelan
was • nonplused . for the ; moment ; by th'o
turn' of affairs, ' and then" he broke In upon
the Minister., with a' declaration; that
American.' labor must be' protected, : arid
said there would 'be an invasion of Cnl
nese coolies If there. was no. bar to keep
them out. ; '•/''.
At; the. mention of coolies , the Minister
raised ¦ his ¦ hands as , if in • expostulation,
and heMooked as if utterly weary of hear
ing; the Vord.; . ;
':"¦ "Your Excellency," said Phelan's ; com
panion, ','permi't . ." me to | introduce I to you
myf- friend, - Mayor Phelan ; of Sari Fran
cisco."., •"-..-¦..¦ .'.;¦.'-¦.•¦-» : ' : • .-,."' .¦;;¦; ¦. ..¦
flee at ,3 o'clock, when Minister ,Wu, ,ac-.
companledby several. friends, came rap-'
idly S through ' the * corridor toward vthein.*
Minister" , Wu was dressed in Oriental cos
tume with wonderful diamond ornaments
on the front of his . head dress, . which
sparkled' as .he . walked. - Phelan's friend
was , acquainted ' with ' the ¦• Chinese Minis-'
tef. Wu smiled broadly and extended his
hand to ; him. ; \ .-: -^ :• '. iv;"-j • \
>¦ ; Phelan'ls'one of , the Commissioners ; ap
pointed'by.] thej Governor ; of ; California to~
represent ;the' State' bef ore the fcommltteeV
'of -the : Senate •and; House' of | Represerita-_
ti y eV^ that ' no w^havV bef orV; them; t he . b 111
practically v w'without
change the Chinese exclusion act. He and
: his ( associate Commissioners '¦¦ have been
: giving V testimony .,: before ! a *-¦ committee - at
relative to the • bill' and in' fa- j
vor of '-Its passage. "\He came': from .Wash-'
ingtbn to-day'-^ on .; his i way Vback V to; 8an_
Francisco, \ and ¦ atopped ) at': the '-Waldorf -|
'Astoria. Phelari'.was ; coriversirigiwlth : a
friend ; from ! Chicago, .'near- the" hotel ' of- ,
AMlBSS8H«^SK3^sR3i r ?*--:f-'. --"¦"''"¦ ' *¦¦¦ • .-¦ ¦ 1
CAUSE r OF; DISFDTE.
."-Minister i.Wu's: iridlg'natlon, had • not : sub
sidedTwhVri? he fwas seen*; to-night at ,the
Broadway I Theater," where ', he occupied ; a
box: 1 "At the ' mention of ; ex-Mayor -Phe-,
lan's' name * he broke out: ¦ '."I ; him
go away back "off the earth and sit down.
I ; shook my ; ; fist, in : _ his j face?',; I i pitched
into him.-*, I\ cornered .him. iHe>couldn't
answer. 1 . I deny,' that ; he - shook ; his • fist i iri :
my ;face."/;v .'¦.:.':• ,.; ¦¦ ¦- : .-- ',_ [, _-"X-'
; - Minister <Wu said 'he "should have been
consulted 'about: the .Chinese : exclusion
bill, and threatened -that iCtilna. wouldTre
taliate'fby, keeping;- Americans': out of the
Flowery'; Kingdom^ -; : '\, [¦¦] i ; : :X;.*~ t : '
Trerribllng .' ; .wlth ; ' excitement'
and deep feeling, Wu Ting Fang,^Chinese]
Minister I at ' Washington V, thus ; denounced'
James D. .Phelanj former; Mayor : of San
Francisco,, in the corrldor^of the .Waldorf-]
Astoria." . Raising'- his '. until;, it ; rkng^
through : the lower, j floor -of . the hotel, ; the
diplomat thus -began a'colloquy; that last-'
ed f or^ twenty * minutes ; - and " was '? marked
by bitter! . sarcasm. So : : ; great ;•, was } tha
crowd • that gathered :'around<the \ dispu
tants, that ' the ' hotel ;' managers : ordered
the employes ; to , clear? the corridor.
¦» ' rEW YORK, Feb. 2lA"You are
''." l\ '¦ ; . ¦'/ vi<'an . eriemy^of .'our, country. You
' v Y , % /, - are * hostile i to • Chinese, i ;You>
•A y ¦ are -trying to "keep ''Chinamen;
/ ! 'out "of >; the!; United V States.":
Corridor of a; | GdtkaM Hotel
: The feeling against Woodward Is at v
fever heat to-night, but there Is little
talk of a lynching, as it is believed he will
be quickly sentenced ' and - executed.
.Woodward. then told of his long ride to
Aryada, thence by train ' to Billings, hla
capture by Owens and Burkheimer, etc.
•.. Woodward ; said the pitiful cries of the
Sheriff nearly caused him to "give up. but
hearing the deputies coming, he saddled
another, horse arid escaped. He said the
Sheriff ?dled bef ore ' he left. He did not
steal the officer's money, but his gun was
lying on the ground and he took it, hav
ing secured the scabbard and belt.
*• Woodward thought the ¦ officers were
coming and fired several shots at them,
the deputies returning the flre. A few
minutes later, after. the firing had ceased,
Sheriff '¦ Ricker. called to Woodward. say-
Ing: "Won't you. come arid carry me to
the: 'house? Oh, my poor wife and
babies!"
JASPER.--. .Wyo.. -Feb. . 21.— Charles
M- Woodward,, the murderer of Sher
,*^ 'Iff Ricker, ' confessed ' ."on ' . the wit
ness stand . this afternoon and told
of ;.the crime In all of Its '. horrible
details. In' brief " his "confession was
as follows: Woodward . went to his
ranch and found' Sheriff . Ricker and
posse there.' , Going to^the barn he secured
a fresh horse and was about to ride away
when Sheriff Ricker came from the house.
He .first asked if Harry Woodward was
in the^barn. The murderer, replied "No,"
whereupon Ricker -said: "Oh. It's you,
Charlie/* ... ;, ..
•Woodward Immediately drew his revol
,ver which he secured at the Casper stock
yards when- he broke . jail, . where it had
been placed by a friend. ' He fired and
Ricker yelled "Oh." and fell to the
ground. Regaining consciousness In ten
minutes he cried out to bis deputies at
the house to come and get him.
sailant Fled.
Failing to Heed the Pitiful Plea of
; the Dying Officer, the As-
Charles Woodward Con
fesses K/llinq of Sher
iff nicker.
Ashley, • a veteran, disappeared and his
wife later obtained a widow's pension on
supposed proofs of her husband's death.
Subsequently the Pension j Department lo
cated Ashley living with. another., woman
to whom he claimed to be married, pro
ducing a decree of divorce . from the La
porte County Circuit Court as proof. The
pension of the widow ! was stopped • and
she protested, claiming to have no knowl-,
edge of the divorce. The depaftrnent
then began an investigation, which re-'
suited In to-day's, disclosures. :
LAPORTE, Ind., Feb.- 21.— An Investiga
tion Instituted here by ¦ a ' United " States
special agent has developed the fact that
a decree of court supposed to have been
granted In 1879/ divorcing ,.W. J. Ashley
of Colorado from Mary Ashley of Cali
fornia was a forgery.
ers Some Peculiar Evidence
in the East. ; V^v
United States Special Agent Discov-
DECREE OF DIVORCE
SAID [ TO BE FORGERY
This utterance has started rumors of a
new coalition between the Unionists and'
Imperial Liberals under th© leadership of'
the Duke of Devonshire and Lord Rose
bery, besides the possible defection of
RUMORS OF COALITION.
"It," the Times concludes, "the fruition
of efforts In that direction may seem to
Le- remote, we can only say it may come
sooner than anybody expects." <
•y ONDON, .Feb. . 21.— Lord < Rose
m ¦ bery's announcement of 'his
'>'[*¦' final separation from Sir Henry.
M Campbell-Bannerman's -section
of the Liberal party . forms ; a
fruitful topic for editorial artiv
cles and for discussion in all quarters of
Great Britain. One of the most notice
able phases Is the curious effect the; let
ter produced en the wording of, the Times'
editorial on the subject. Its friendliness
to the ex-Premier might easily be ex-<
plained on the ground of Unionist delight
at a definite split in the opposition ranks.
Its declaration that "what -the country
v,ants is not a brand new set of.princi
ples, but a new set of men capable of re
placing the present set without upsetting
the policy of the empire," precedes the
significant demand that • Lord Rosebery's
party must prove that they can be trust
ed to infuse business energy and capacity
into the prosecution of the imperial pol-
ernment has been adverse to paying ran
som, but In response to appeals from
every quarter reluctantly authorized Mr.
Leishman to deal with the brigands.
However, if it turns out that the
brigands have broken faith and they
either have taken the ransom, money and
cpirited the captives away again, or that
they have killed them, then there will be
jio further attempt to deal with the
brigands on the part of the United States
Government, but Its entire power will be
<Urected upon Turkey and Bulgaria to
procure the swift and certain extermina
tion of the brigands, regardlees of cost or
effort.
f^#ASHIXGTON. Feb. 2L-It Is esti-
Ifff mated at the State Department
that fifteen days have now elapsed
eince the money for Miss Stone's ransom
•was paid over to the agents of the
brigands. At least five days have elapsed
beyond the time fixed in the stipulation to
place her in the hands of her friends.
Thtre is no explanation of the delay. It
Is hoped that physical conditions, such as
heavy snows and adverse weather, may
account for the failure to secure her de
livery. The officials are loath to believe
that there has been a breach of faith on
the part of the brigands, but even if this
•were so they do not regard themselves as
blameworthy for having trusted them.
From the first the United States Gov-
GIVES DETAILS
IN COURT OF A
CRUEL MURDER
GLADSTONE'S PROPHECY.
E. L. • Godkin, formerly editor of the
Evening Post, of "New York, writing • to
the "Westminster Gazette with reference
to Joseph Chamberlaini the Colonial Sec
retary, says -that when Chamberlain de
serted the Liberals he (Godkin) asked
Gladstone, through a correspondent, for
information , anent Chamberlain.. Glad
stone's reply was: "Chamberlain is the
first politician we have had of the Amer
ican, type, , and he is destined to give a
great deal of trouble." _. .
. .The Westminster Gazette, hitherto di
j vided In its alliance, comes out for Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannerman, but sorrow
fully admits that Lord . Rosebery's letter
'means another term of government for
the .Unionists," while it fears Lord Rose
bery's group may be liable to absorption
ir. that party.- . ! •
The Pall Mall Gazette follows other
opinion in declaring that "a man that
can write a letter so as to reply to Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannerman has the grit
which ¦ the empire asks" of those who
lead it." ; ¦• .
the .Times in its support of the present
Government. ' j Something of this is visi
ble in the Globe's editorial article this aft
ernoon. ; which, while congratulating Lord
Rofc'ebery Yon s his "emancipation," dilates
strongly; upon the pettiness of the differ
ences between his policy.- and that of the
Unionists. • * . ,
Kosebery and
// the Brigands Have Failed ' io
Keep Faith, Their Extermina
tion Will Be Demanded. ; »
'CHINESE MINISTER AT.WASH
¦ INGTON ANDAFORMER MAYOR
'' OF SAN FRANCISCO." ' -'
r ;Ampng'those!,whq > escap*ed were;Bishop
1/Udderi,'; Monsignor Kenny ,' and > a^ number^
of Catholic priests! from 'Syracuse,' N.' Y.'.
, At 4 o'clock .Chief Croker, 'who had been
inside the building/ said that he' believed a
large of dead ; were Inside In ". the
halls; and fcorridors. -;; ; i
' Two , bodies /.were ' found on <> the , fifth
floor, by the firemen and: two more in other
parts of 'thej building. It- is feared several
other, bodies will: be found inl other; parts
of the /building, voi; -, / J v ,i -
. Just .at, this time a .woman In her nieht
clothes ; appeared at* a\ window, in, the fifth
floor, and before .warning could 'Teach her
flung herself ; headlong - to - a portico ) over
the main entrance. It is believed that she
will .die.' ¦'-¦ ;;:¦-; '•;¦¦;. 'f- ..' ": : ¦¦¦¦ : -':~' ' - ; ' ' V. -.,- '
-A little 'after • 3 ¦ o'clock '.the j four | upper
floors of the hotel' were a mass of flames
and the fire ; was 'spreading ; rapidly down
through :- the structure! J.; It' was then ap
parent that ; the hotel ,was ; doomed. :, '-¦•
Notwithstanding. "the ;fact ' ? that j every
; body, in • the hotel had ; ample \ time . to I get
out, a large of women .were 'car
ried down .the* ladders by firemen- until . It
was : thought everybody had been" : taken
out../.;: '_'-..:..' ;:'? J"--*y'-? "-. ". : .'•' ¦ •'.:•'¦ '..;.;¦.'¦¦¦
The guests of. the Park-avenue Hotel,
numbering; about ; 600,' were aroused . as
quickly 1 " as' possible, but riot without panic
among the 'wbmefTand children. The fira
nien poured eleven streams upon the/side
of .the hotel nearest the .armory, but in
spite of this -the third floor : caught, r fire
and. the flames, eating: along? the walls of
the hotel, spread to the ropf. ....- The fire
men ran ladders, up on either side and at
tempted to work 'their , way through the
hotel, but- were driven back by 'the dense
volumes of \ smoke again, and i again. <•, , <
By this, time the people living in, the
neighborhood had been driven, from their
homes by the. heat and were sheltered In
the car barns nearby. . Many, escapes were'
witnessed and heroic work was done by.'
firemen arid spectators. .. . . .'
Famous Hostelry and Milif
NEW YORK/ Feb. t22^Fif ty per
sons perished in a fire that broke out:
early this morning! in the: armory of
the Seventy-first; R«^im^nt, ; ;N. ¦ Y- N. :
G., at' Park avenue,' Thirty -third land
spread to. : the \ Park v Avenue '.{Hotel.
The damage tot "property; is ''estimated;
at over $1,000,000. '{C;
woman,' '¦- * a* guest'-.? of the hotel, j
jumped from the"; fif^h-storyiwlndow^ and \
Is '; believed .toJ be injured.' '-..Four;
bodies; had .;be^njtakeji*ouf^up* [ia 3J3ft^this.
fled' Is r said"' toHbe^tliaf' of: Colonel ', Pepper 1
of LouisvilleT Ky.*", ' " " " " ; : ¦: :
- At 4. o'clock,- -Fire .Chief Croker an
nounces .that he [believes there are fifty
dead '"in* the- corridors- and /stairways- of
the Park "Avenue Hotel. ¦" -."•'. -.
The Park -"Avenue, Hotel will, itis; be
lieved, be a' total loss. -, The Seventy-first
Regiment Armory, a magnificent . granite
structure, .. and : one of s the finest- in - the
city, was destroyed. ,/. • • ¦.'¦"".:.•.'•.'".•¦•: ¦?:_•;'¦'-
The'car barns of the Metropolitan Street
Railway, . on an adjoining ; corner, were
momentarily threatened with destruction,
but for hours!: the? good' work of "the -fire
men saved them. : The armory covered, an
entire block and was j occupied also. -by
the Second "Battery and "the First Signal
Corps.
The. fire was discovered in a window, of
the armory • on the' T.hirty-fourth-street
side.and by the .time the firemen arrived
the flames had completely enveloped. the
building and appeared through the "roof.
Shortly after 2 o'clock a thousand pounds
of powder in the cellar exploded and the
walls of the building were thrown out
ward. . . ' '. ' ' . .
No Explanation of tie De
lay in Releasing the
- ¦ ¦ . - *
BANDITS HOLD
ON TO MONEY
AND CAPTIVES
LEADERS OF THE LIBERAL
PARTT- IX THE HOUSE OF
LORDS AND IN THE COMMONS.
Is Lost in tha -
ridiiitjS,
Terrible Fire in
New York
Hotft
llUllUL
FIFTY
PERSONS
PERISHST. PAUL., Feb. 21.— The Supreme Court to
day declared ¦ unconstitutional . the \ law • placing:
a 2 - per cent ' tax on . the property of • freight
lines. The '• court ¦ holds . that the law makes'
unequal taxation. The decision was m the case
of the State against the Canda Cattle Car-Com
pany, an action to ¦ collect a -• sum of ¦ money
alleged to be due as taxes.
HALIFAX, ,' N.*. S. r Feb: 21f— The erecting
chops of 1the,\ Rhodes-Curry ; Company]' at
Amhefst- are burning,? arid ¦ the' indications
at. 2 . a; :m., were . that 1 , the loss •; would ibe
very heavy. ','-, The t plant : is : one > of •"> the
Jargest in; the i Dominion. • ¦'¦-.;'¦•
Shops , If ear Halifax in Flames.
: DARMSTADT, Grand : Duchy of Hesse,'
Feb. 2 , 21.— A- caucus of .the^ party leaders In
the second* chamber , of ¦ the ; Hessian' Diet
has ; requested , the ? Grand 1 Duke : Hesse '
L to j communicate 5 to '{. them ! his | reason > for.
obtaining a divorce' from the Grand Duch-'
ess.*:.The 1 Prime ; Minister, ; Earl ? Rothe, in
a i conciliatory.*^statement 1 intimated ¦ that
>the communicatlonureferred;to • would ibe
made j to ,the ; Chamber. behind closed doors: >
The i separation > of ¦•¦ the t Grand « Duke - and
Grand Duchess of j Hesse '¦ was . pronounced
Decemben22 last bj'( the Superior Court at
Darmstadt.
Seek t Some Interesting ; In
/¦-*..;,;.- -formation; '
Party r I*eaders of the ; Hessian Diet
ASK TOR THE
; . -FOR A ¦ •-' DUKE'S : DIVORCE
OMAHA, Feb.. 21 >T -John Redell, who has
for' five years been at the head of the- fire
department' of J - this . city, .was ; to-day
formally dismissed from the - service. %The
Board . of . Fire and f Police, after ' hearing
charges . of ' cruelty 5 and j mistreatment :• of
firemen and their ¦ families, : found ; Redell
guilty. and his dismissal Is. the result.
Fire ¦ Chief Is . Dismissed.
GARRISON-ON-THE-HUDSON, N. T.,
Feb. 2L— The will of Mrs. Virginia Osborn,
widow of ~. William ', H. Osborn', ~ ; former
president of the ' Illinois Central Railroad,
gives substantial legacies to various char
itable . institutions ; In New : York, = among
which are the Society : for the ' Relief- of
Orphan and Destitute Children, the • New
York Cooklngr School, New York: City
Mission and Tract Society and the.Train
ing School for Nurses. 1 the.latter-receiv
ing the building at 426 East Twenty-fifth
street, now. occupied as a nurses' home. ¦ ¦
Gives Her Money to Charity.
WICHITA. Kans.', Feb. 21. — In the District
Court a motion was filed to-day asking that ' a
receiver.be appointed: for > the Modern Tontines,
a. fraternal . insurance organization, on the. al
leged ground, that the order is insolvent.' ; - '-
JANESVILLE, WIs"., Feb. 21.— After
traveling from her Syrian home, Mrs.
Eliaz Schauere is here on her way to San
Francisco to seek her daughter Julia, who
hasbeen missing for several years. ' .
It has taken the woman fourteen
months to get this far, and much of: the
distance she has walked, having been un
able to earn more than a pittance on the
way In any of . the cities she ; has visited.
Her daughter came to this country to en
ter one- of the shows' on the Midway ;-at
the Chicago /World's Fair, and later went
to San Francisco with her uncles. . Then
she secured a position with a family near
Stockton, and three months later all trace
of her was lost. r ; . . -
COMES FROM -SYRIA
SEEKING • A DAUGHTER
Pair Travels a Long
Distance.
Mother of Girl Who Was at Chicago's
High School Pupils Begin War.
MANSFIELD, Ohio," Feb. 21.— One hun
dred and thirty High School pupils here,
in rebellion against- the orders - of the
Board of Education forbidding the wear
ing of class colors, were locked out from
school to-day. vAU wore colors in open de
fiance. A wholesale expulsion is antici
pated. The doors and windows of the
High School building were smeared with
black paint during the x night.
BERLIN,; Feb. 21.— The old - fight be-;
tween Emperor William artd the munlci
paility of Berlin over the confirmation of
Herr Kauffmann, the-' second Burgomas
ter, 1 was reopened in . the lower house of
the Prussian Diet to-dayji. The house was
packed.. ¦.,. '" -^ ,J~ : '
, Amid intense excitement. Herr Traeger,
Radical, demanded - to know why Herr
Kauff mann had not .been I confirmed. 'The
Minister of .the Interior,- Baron von Ham
merstein, replied that grave objections
existed to Herr Kauff mann. ¦ The Minister
declined ' to 'furnish .'any ; further.: explana
tion. He said, however, that the facts in
: the case had ; been " reported to • the Em
peror. It' was patent to every one, con
tinued the Minister, that the Left was
trying to bring party politics into munici
pal affairs aftd was ¦ making the case a
test of strength in . order to. wrest" power
from the King and. lodge it in the hands
"of party; .\ •"'.' ''£$$$<&*$
Vigorously. Renewed.
and the Berlin^ Municipality
Controversy Between the Emperor
ORDER OF THE * KAISER . :
IS CALLED IN QUESTION
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No- Cure, No Pay. ""All druggists are authorized
by 'manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it falls to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days ; worst cases In fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. ; A free sample will ba
tent by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it In stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full" size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. • •
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
WASHINGTON, Feb. .21.— The United
States Government is now perfectly satis
fied as to the correctness of Russia's in
tentions respecting . Manchuria. The
pledges heretofore obtained from Russia
have been renewed and reinforced so
strongly that they must be accepted as
satisfactory unless our Government is
prepared to deliberately question Russia's
integrity, which it has not the least dis
position to do.
BERLIN, Feb. 21.— The note of the
United States to Russia and China on the
subject of commercial 1 rights in Manchu
ria has been 'communicated to Germany,
but no answer has been made. Germany,
maintains the attitude she has previously
announced, that Manchuria is outside the
sphere of German interests and she sees
no reason to change it. *>,
Question That Was Raised About
Manchuria Now Considered
I Well Settled.
ATTITUDE OF RUSSIA
SATISFIES UNCLE SAM
The opinion was rendered in the case of
the ' people versus John S. Gordon in" a
suit to recover the penalty for practicing
medicine without a license. • The case
comes from Winnebago County, where a
judgment was entered in favor of the de
fendant, which the appellate court af
firmed. The Supreme Court finds that the
Circuit Court erred in instructing the jury
to find for the "defendant and that the
appellate court erred in affirming that
judgment, and the Judgment of the lower
court is (reversed and remanded, the Su
premo Court holding that a magnetic
healer is a physician, and not a trained
nurse, as insisted -by the defendant, .be
cause he does not use drugs or material
remedy.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Feb. 21.— The Su
preme Court to-day handed down an opin
ion that a magnetic healer Is a physician
and is entitled to a license:
Bights of a Man in Notable
Case.
Supreme Court of Illinois Defines
SAYS iffAGNETIC HEALEB
MAY HAVE A LICENSE
"In the box with them were Mr., and
Mrs. .. W. H." Bush of this city " : and : Mr.
Foster of . China,"
c Minister ; Wu was a guest of Ai'.W.'Bush,'
:Who i has • spent a great , many years i in
China; \where he first met the 'Chinese
Minister.
,"I had him cornered. He couldn't answer
my. questions. . He couldn' t . meet my;ar
guments. -He i spoke ?¦ about coolies, ¦; and
there : are no coolies in '. this < country. " He
got • excited. He ;, lost his temper. I ; had,
the best of :-him .-• and iwas< perfectly cool,
but he did not know what he was. talking
nb""*- ''WfTP^i^1^.aiw-^A i A'i>fei'tjUlW'ftBni?iin*ii<
"He shook his fist in" my" face?- Don't
you believe it," said / Minister Wu-^to
night.:." What ; you call it, ,. get , off the
earth and sit down?; Well, I made Phelan
sit down.-and a way.. 1 back.. ; If ;he or:any
body else, says I he: shook This; fist 'in: my
face ¦• I deny; it — deny it "emphatically:* I
shook my 'fist in his face, at was I who
pitched into him. Look at me and look at
all i those • beautiful girls ¦ on the stage: * I
am • here < with ; my ; friends and : enjoying
myself. " I could ? not ; enjoy myself if a
man shook his ? fist . in r my face. 1 Don't ¦ I
look happy? ; Do Iylbok like a man who
had a ; big fist shodk in " his f ace ? . I told
him •'. to go away back off the earth * and
Bit down? and he sat down in the Waldorf-
Astoria. . : . .'¦ ¦,¦¦- .. :¦"-.
Wu; flung this as a .parting shot: ."You
konw about the "subject, .now that*I.haye
talked ...to '¦ you." ; - .-¦: .' -. : '.V
..As they were about -to. separate Phelan
asked Wu if he knew Uncle George Brom
ley; the United States Consul at Tientsin.
."Yes, I know him," he replied. ''I wish
you were as good' a* man." :¦¦•- ¦'-.'
By this time the patrons of the hotel
had crowded around the disputants, fill
ing corridors' and listening eagerly to
every .word. -Employes left their posts
and swelled the crowd. The sound of
the men's voices drew- people from all
parts of the lower floor. At last the hotel
managers i ordered the employes to clear
the crowd in front of the office, and not
permit< It- to assemble' again. They did
so, v and the party in dispute moved away
down the corridor,' talking as they went.
Phelan said to-night that before <they
parted the Minister said he wouldv co
operate with the ; United States Govern
ment in excluding the lower class of Chi
nese labor, but that the : diplomat con
tended this Government must be more
liberal with the Chinese merchants and
scholars. . ,
Wu ignored the question and his.adver
sary took another tack: "The -Chinese
don'-t assimilate." . •• . - ...
"What does that mean?" asked. Wu. "I
don't know."
, Phelan -exclaimed: "They- don't divest
themselves of their Eastern ways."
"Haven't?" was the : rejoinder, and Wu
looked down at . his silken robes. "Wu
has divested himself, hasn't he?" .
"The Chinese is not voluntary immigra
tion,", said Phelan. "They come here only
to return. Highbinders bring them here
for forty dollars per man. Highbinders
have men in China for that purpose ill
.the time. , Isn't.that so, Mr. Wu?"
The Minister admitted that it was. "But
the tighter you make exclusion the more
money goes to highbinders," he added. .
; Phelan said he took this to mean that
the more difficult it is made to get China
men .: to the country the more the high
binders will charge to bring them'here.
."You should have consulted .me before
you made the bill. It is too stringent,"
said Wu. *¦::¦¦¦;: : ¦.,- ¦ ¦;. ;•-¦;,:, •¦.•,-,.
coolie again. .'.'They are not like our race.
They live- in filthy .houses and .work so.
cheaply that our laborers- can't, compete
with them."- ' / . .. :', ..:.- . ?
"Then we - will, keep Americans out of
China,". ..retorted Wu...,.;'Yes, - we'll keep
you. out of China," he repeated,, as if for
emphasis. "We, can. "get*- along ..without
you. ! What' have' you ,501 "that we must
have?" ' <V -" . ' . .
VWe have Western civilization," said
Pnelan. . •' , . ' /„ . \ . . :
"We • can get Western civilzation . from
Europe," was the rejoinder. ¦ .--.'.;¦;
'.Worked. to. a higher pitch of excitement
by thi&'.time, Pheiah exclaimed: ' ,
"Have you no sense of gratitude? Did
Uncle Sam not prevent the .partition of
your empire?" .: ; --'
Continued From Page One.
¦ The Outlook treats the matter lightly.
It says, that- Emperor William "now, as
in China, uses Prince Henry as a bait for
tl:-e German hook. Neither Prince Henry
nor his astute brother, the Emperor, will
ever succeed in weakening the substan
tial grounds upon which Anglo-American
co-cperation now rests."
In the same connection the Outlook ex
presses great satisfaction at Secretary
Hay's note to Russia and commends it
a 3 a strong document, "which gains addi
tional force from its disposal of old-fash
ioned diplomacy."
The Saturday Review, on the other
hand, pursued its customary anti-Ameri
can course and roundly abuses the Gov
ernment for being drawn into a fresh
"humiliating position," and denominates
the whole controversy as an "Interna
tional slanging match."
The Saturday Review declares that. the
disclosures blacken the memory of the
late President McKinley, as they showed
he . followed Bismarck's policy without
Bismarck's excuse, and that he willfully
suppressed Spain^ final capitulation in
order to precipitate war, when he might
manfully have stood out against the pop
ular clamor and secured peace.
"A : . fact which will be written down by
-"the "¦historian," saysXthe ': Spectator, . "is
"as well recognized to-day as It will ever be.'
• That Is that England used her influence,
and the Americans know she used it, on the
side of the United States *s against those
•who wished to take sides with Spain. A
test of the attitude toward -America dur
ing 'the war displayed by England and
Germany respectively Is found In the re
spective attitudes of the English and Ger
man squadrons toward Admiral Dewey in
Manila Bay. The Germans nearly fired
on the -Americans. If they had done so
the -English would, have acted on the
American side." ' .
The paper disclaims any intention of
attempting to mar the reception to be
tendered Prince 1 Henry, but declares that
both -Englishmen and _• Americans "see
through Germany's game" ¦ and | refuse tc
be misled by the "Inspiring" attempts to
uhdermine their mutual friendship _ and
understanding. T . • •"•%-" : " .
LONDON, Feb. 21.— The weekly, reviews
make the impending, arrival of Prince
Henry at New . York the occasion of an
other, chapter on the Spanish- American
war controversy. .The Spectator reviews
at length the whole story of the diplo
matic exchanges, with a view of contro
verting what it terms "the distortion of
the" actual , facts by the German press."
QUEENSTOWN, Feb. 21.— A ¦: wireless
telegraph message was received at 3:30
p. m. from the Cunarder Lucania, -.-.thirty,
miles west of ' Fastnet. . The , Lucania • re
ported that in latitude 45 9 . north, longi
tude 35 16 west, she was in' communication'
by /the Marconi system with the: North
German LJoyd steamer, Kronprinz vWil
helm .and exchanged 'with !
Prince Henry, . who is on board. The,
Kronprinz Wilhelm signaled .' "All . well.'.'
BERLIN, Feb: ' 21.— The' repeated,; at
temps made from'; rival , countries • to 'give'
some sinister- aspect to the, visit of . Ad
miral Prince >Henry "of : Prussia'---; to the
United ¦ States create amusement and ridi
cule here. Th e latest is ; contained i in * a
Figaro dispatch - from London, represent
ing - Emperor , William as « being I displeased
with -the bearing of the 'American.; naval
officers andthat, : therefore, he has given
orders ' to-l- make- -the- visit, as r German-
American as possible. The officials here
say this is absurdly false and that Ger
many, on > the . contrary, is delighted at
the attitude " of . the " American ; naval of
ficers. - --"'•-"¦"-¦" .'.-•'-<"•--.'-,¦. '/.;•-;. ; , ¦:¦;¦••¦ :
The pier at the foot ; of West Thirty
fourth street, where .the Prince will land;'
has been made > a special sub-police pre
cinct, with two captains, eight sergeants,'
ten roundsmen, fifty mounted policemen
and 100 patrolmen. It is -known as the
Hohenzollern precinct: <
A Postal Telegraph office, with a direct
wire connection with the German;, cable,'
has been established on the, dock at the
foot of Thirty-fourth : street - for ,the ac
commodation ¦ of I Prince 'i Henry and ; his
suite, who will thereby be in instant com
munication •with Germany, at all times. •-•'
Police Much in Evidence.
Everything has been made ready, for the
special opera performance to be given for
the Prince. It is believed that this will
be the: most brilliant performance in. the
history of the Metropolitan Opera-house.
On Sunday when Prince Henry, visits
the tomb of General ' Grant he will, place
two wreaths on the tomb, one from the
Kaiser, and the. other- the Prince's own
tribute. -Both wreaths will be composed
of "American Beauty" roses, ' lilies and
orchids, and - will | have I in the : center ' a
crown. In the Emperor's wreath will be
worked in flowers the initials, "W. I. R."
(William,- Imperator, Rex). ¦;
• The Irving Place Theater, where a gala
performance is to be given to-morrow
evening, has been beautifully decorated,
and orders have been given for the fes
tooning of the Prince's box with "Ameri
can Beauty" roses., Heinrich> Conreid,
-manager of the theater, has had a spe
cial . entrance broken through the. wall on
the Fifteenth-street side of the theater,
in order to permit the Prince to enter the
royal box immediately on stepping from
his carriage. • The play selected for this
performance Is "Im Weissen- Roesset,";a
three-act comedy. This selection 'was
made by request, as. the Prince has thus
far had ' no opportunity of hearing I the
play, owing to the fact. that : ' during the
time .when it was given in various. cities
of Germany he was in China. ¦. ¦¦: . . *
All arrangements . have been completed
for the dinner to be given by the Ameri
can press in honor of Prince Henry' on
Tuesday next, and Herman RIdder, who
has charge of the preparations for this
banquet, said to-day that the number of
acceptances received .. from leading repre
sentatives of the newspaper world was
very gratifying. . .
Dinner by the Press.
Admiral Evans, Adjutant General Cor
bin and Assistant Secretary Hill, the
President's delegates, will board the
Kronprinz Wilhelm at: quarantine, and
will greet the Prince in the name of the
Government. Crowds of citizens will be
in waiting. ¦ . • • - - •
At the gangway he will be" met by Ad
miral von Baudissin, while the other
officers of the yacht will stand at the
sided of. the gangway. % Behind, ori "the
decks of the boat, the "crew will be drawn
up and the ship's band- will. play a nation
al air as the Prince. steps on the boat.
The Marconi apparatus on the Hohen
zollern has been tested and found to be
in good working! order. To-night the
operator on board will begin to send mes
sages In the effort to locate the /Prince's
ship. Oh board the Cunard liner the
apparatus is also'ready. .*?•"•" ' " :•;¦
The. imperial yacht Hohenzollern, after
having been cleaned up, lies at her pier
at the foot of West Thirty-fourth street
awaiting the Prince's arrival. Her main
gangway has been placed directly oppo
site the door through which Prince Henry
will land from . the Kronprinz Wilhelm.
He will cross the pier and board the
Hohenzollern. '•'-* C^ ! -.-C";
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— AH . preparations'
have been made for the reception and en
tertainment of Prince Henry of Prussia,
who is on the Kronprinz Wilhelm, which
is expected . to arrive to-morrow. •
Controversy.
British Weeklies Revive
Spanish- American War,
Prosper Vlncke, a saloon-keeper at 647
Minna street, and Oscar Schmidt of 622
Fourth street had a serious quarrel yes
terday and in consequence : Vinclc* is a
prisoner at' the "Southern police station,
charged with committing 'an assault with
a dangerous weapon, and Schmidt lies at
the Emergency Hospital with several cuts
on his face, his left ear and eye.
Schmidt has been" visiting Vincke'3
saloon for a year and had aroused sus^
picion in the minds of both Vlncke % ar.d
his wife owing- to a familiarity which he
had shown toward their daughter Julia,
14 years of age. . Vincka says he fre
quently warned Schmidt that he must
keep away from the girl, tfut notwith
standing the warning yesterday when th©
child was busy, cooking the evening meal
Schmidt sauntered Into the kitchen, which
is at the back of the saloon, and persist
ed, her parents say. In paying his ad
dresses to the little girl. Vlncke ordered
him out and he obeyed the command ct
the girl's father. Later in the evening
he returned, however, at a time when the
bar was being freely patronized. SIra.
Vincke declares that suddenly she was
startled by- seeing blood flow from
Schmidt, but she asserts that she ia
ignorant of how or through whom he re
ceived the injuries. Schmidt was taken
to the hospital and Vlncke is held on tha
charge of assault.
Lasjt evening Julia said that Schmidt
came Into the kitchen and asked her to
kiss him. She refused. Her father had
kept his eye on him , for the reason that
he was suspicious of the man. .Last Sun
day Schmidt wished to accompany Julia
to one of her relatives when he heard that
she intended paying her -a visit. She re
fused to permit him and would not go at
all. He was persistent in requesting to
join her, she says, but she would not con
sent to his going out wltf; her.
Mrs. Vincke corroborated her daughter
and made a startling statement wh'th in
volves both Schmidt and a sailor known
to them as "Joseph." Julia is an intel
ligent child and is a regular attendant at
St. Boniface Church.
At the hospital Schmidt said that Vincke
struck him on the face with a bottle as
he entered the saloon.
REFUSES TO PAY FEES
TO OTTTSIDE ARCHITECT
Auditor Baehr Says Police Station
Plans Should Have Been Drawn
by City Employes. .
Auditor Baehr yesterday refused to
audit • a . demand for $450 drawn in, favor
of Matthew O'Brien for the plans for the
proposed new sub police station on Fourth
street, near Clara. Baehr claims that
the Architect's Bureau of the Board of
Public WQrka should have drawn the
plans and that the city should not have
been put to any additional expense there
- for. Baehr says that salaries amounting
to more than $800 monthly are paid to
employes of the bureau named and the
work should have been done • by that
office.
-Chief Architect 'Mooser explained to
the Supervisors' Finance Committee. • to
whom the bill was referred, that whein
the bureau was organized under the last
budget it was not intended that plans
should be drawn for any building of > an
elaborate character. He therefore em
ployed O'Brien, whose charge for the
work was less than the regular architect's
fees. Baehr says < he will < not sign the
warrant, and says ' that O'Brien was re
cently paid the sum of $525 for drawing
plans for three schoolhouses which should
have been done by the regular staff of
draughtsmen : employed by the Board of
Public Works. . ¦ . :
Oscar Schmidt Tries to
Kiss Girl Against
Her WilL ;
To-Day.
Liner "With Henry on Board
•Is Expected Some Time
"SEE THBOOEH
GERMAN GAME"
INSULTS CHILD
AND IS BEATEN
New York Ready for. Re
ception of Kaiser's
Brother.
WU TING FANG AND PHELAN.
.Tillman (D.) of; South Carolina began a
characteristitf""arraignment of the admin
istration in ; the Philippines, but had not
concluded when the Senate adjourned."
The House to-day passed the Indian ap
propriation bill. No amendments of im
portance were attached to it to-day. The
latter part of the session was devoted to
the consideration of private claims bills,
a number; of which were passed. •
Bate (D.) i . of Tennessee delivered a ', pre
pared speech in opposition to the pending
measure. He, was followed by Spooner
(R.) of Wisconsin in ; a brilliant .defense ¦ of
the Republican attitude toward the Phil
ippine .Islands. | He ¦ became involved fre
quently in heated colloquies with" mem
bers of the minority. He concluded with
an appeal toi Congress to stand by the
policies of McKlnley "and Roosevelt. : .- : ,C
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.-<-For .more
than six hours to-day, the Senate had the
Philippine tariff bill under discussion.
GROTON, Mass.. Feb. 21.— Theodore
Roosevelt Jr., who has been ill with pneu
monia for two weeks in the Groton School
Infirmary, is bound' for Washington to
night. Bundled to his eyes with a blan
ket he was taken in a covered sleigh from
the Infirmary to the special train which
had been in readiness at the Groton sta
tion for several days. . He was- accom
panied' by Mrs. Roosevelt and Dr. P. M.
Rixey, while in another conveyance was
Miss Alice Roosevelt. A light snow was
falling at the time.
The departure of the party was so un
expected that not a dozen persons. were
on the station platform when the train
pulled out. The party occupied the pri
vate car Convey and the intention was
to have it taken through to Providence
and there have it attached to the Fed
eral Express.
The decision to take young Roosevelt
to Washington was made during lunch at
1 o'clock. Dr. Warren, the school physi
cian, all the morning had been opposed
to a change of the patient at this time.
Dr. Rlxey . gave his opinion that the boy
would stand the journey all right, and"
that the weather at this time was proba
bly no worse than it would be to-iuorrow
or possibly Sunday, judging from the
weather forecast. At lunch Dr. Warr«n
reluctantly consented to allow the pa
tient's removaL> . : • -
It was Mrs. Roosevelt's wish to have
her son in Washington as soon as he
could be moved with safety. Until this
morning the arrangements had been
made for the party's return on Saturday,
but this noon In the discussion Dr. Rixey
pointed out that if the start was delayed
until morning the storm might cause de
lay along the road, especially if the snow
was heavy.
Immediately after lunch baggage was
was prepared for the departure of the
party, and when at 4 o'clock all were
driven to the station very few in the
school knew of It. Dr. Peabody was not
informed . until nearly time for the good
bys to be said. .", ;
Tillman: Scores Adminis
tration and Lawmak
ers Adjourn;
Roosevelt's Son Departs
From the Groton
Institution.
CROWD WAITS
THE COMING
OF A PRINCE
LEAVES SCHOOL
IN A BLANKET
SENATE CURBS
HIS ELOQUENCE
SARAGOSSA, Spain, Febi 21.— Rioters
attacked .the Jesuit College here last
night. The fathers fired on the mob, be
lieving their assailants to be thieves.
VALENCIA.- Spain; Feb. 21.— In a con
flict here yesterday between rioters and
the police . three - persons were wounded.
Fourteen arrests were made.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— It is announced, in
a special dispatch from Madrid that Gen
eral Weyler, the War Minister, is urging
the Queen Regent to give him a free hand
in dealing with the "rebels in Catalonia."
and" that Premier Sagasta threatens to
resign if General Weyler's request is
granted.. The Queen Regent is . said to
favor General Weyler's plan. : . :
Advices received here direct from Bil
boa, Valladolid, Corunna, Gijon and other
industrial centers of Spain show- that the
uttitude of the miners and other workers
is distinctly threatening.' The' greatest
excitement prevails everywhere and th#
general situation is extremely grave. The
garrisons: of Burgos .and Vittorla have
been ordered to be in readiness' to start
for Saragossa at a moment's' notice.' -Alt
the railroads are guarded by troops. ; *
'11ENDAYE, France, T Feb. 21.— People
who have arrived here from Saragossa,
Ppain, bring alarming reports of the situ
ation there. They say the working people
have thrown in their lot. with their Cata
lor.Ian comrades and that the threatening
attitude of the strikers has ; caused ' the
flight of the richer families. The .civil
administration bf the whole province.",; of
Saragossa has been taken over by the
military authorities.
GASTELLON DE LA PLANA, Spain,
Feb. 21.— The employers and their em
ployes reached an understanding this aft
ernoon and the strike here is ended.
SEVILLE/ Feb.- 2L-f A number of Italian
anarchists have '. arrived here. The au
thorities have taken V< all ?* the necessary
precautions to prevent a: riot. * ¦-"¦"'%'. ¦ •'-'
;BILBOA,t Spain, Febv:21.— A number "of
anarchists have arrivedJhere with the ob
ject of inciting a strike. The socialists
have refused to co-operate.* in the move
ment.
Precaution in Many Cities. |
The Premier, Senor Sagasta, announced
to-day that th£ Chambers will - not be
prorogued unless the opposition obstructs
the Goyernment'.s action by/continually
raising debates on the subject of the la
bor troubles in Spain. .- . .-. : -
Ten anarchists have been arrested here
and others are under -.surveillance. , . The
working people of Madrid remain quiet. ,'.'
The search " of suspected houses con
tinues, . resulting in the arrest of large
numbers of anarchists and revolutionists
of all kinds, who are considered to be the
prime movers' in the troubles. .The .cos
mopolitan character of Barcelona makes
it a resort for representatives of all the
revolutionary movements in' Europe tind
the ranks of the s malcontent workmen
have been swelled by French and other
foreign political agitators. The; Repub
licans are busy among the troops, urging
them not to use their arms against their
own class In defense of .plutocrats. .-,-••
MADRID, Feb. 21.— According to this
morning's 'advices from ' Barcelona the
situation' there is improving, though it is
still threatening.- An. effort will be made
to-day i to resume ordinary avocations.
The most stringent measures have been
prepared to protect traffic and business.
The strikers nave few rifles, but are well
supplied with revolvers and daggers. % ¦
Forty persons have been killed since the
disturoances broke out here. The strikers
attacked the jail in an attempt to rescue
their imprisoned comrades, but they were
repulsed by the troops 'after a number of
rioters had been killed or wounded. The
ordinary necessaries of life are failing
and the distress is becoming accentuated.
The strikers are said to be receiving largo
sums of. money from ¦ London, i In ,tne
neighboring towns the disturbances are
spreading and are- increasing in gravity.
* Peace Not Yet in Sight. '^^
The Captain: General has ordered . the
newspapers , to. .resume publication and
has Instructed the, owners of '-'. . public
vehicles to again engage in their : regular
work. If the printers refuse to work
their names • and residences are to be
handed to the Captain Ueneral, who-will
deal with. them. - All drivers declining to
take out vehicles will be deprived of tneir
licenses. .
BARCELONA, { Feb. > 21.— The predomi
nance of bayonets here has bad due effect
and the most turtoulent spirits have been
driven off the streets. . Outwardly the, city
is presuming an aspect of comparative
quiet. The leading citizens are joining the
military and civil authorities in restor
ing order. ---.- . ¦ ¦
will take over the working of the North
Swedish mines in the autumn.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2L— A representative
of the United States Steel Corporation de
nied to-day the report from Sweden that
the corporation had bought iron proper
ties in that country. It was said that ne
gotiations had been entered into some
time ago between the London representa
tive of the Carnegie Steel Company, act
ing for the United States Sbeel Corpora
tion, and the owners of the Swedish prop
erties referred to, but it was deemed wise
by the steel corporation not to acquire
these properties or make any purchases
of this sort in foreign countries. The ne
gotiations were then abandoned. :::>:-':-
Report Is Made of Big Purchase, but
an Official Makes a .
Denial.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Feb. 21.—Ac
cording to the Tidningen the United
States Steel Corporation' has purchased
nearly all the shares of the Gellivaxe Ore
Company at the nominal price of 6,000,000
kronen. It adds that the steel corporation
STEEL COBPORATION
AT WOEK IN : SWEDEN
2Jo Fewer Than Forty-Nine Ships to-
Be Launched This Tear and
Sizty "Will Be Constructed
: Ne^t Year. . : '' :
LOKDON, Feb. 21.— The Secretary of the 1
Admiralty, H. O. ..Arnold-Poster, intro- ]
duced the naval estimates for 1902-03 in the {
House of Commons to-day. The estimates
show a total of £21,255,000, as compared
with £80.875.000 last year. In the course
of an accompanying statement Arnold- |
Foster remarked that no thinking maun
could have anticipated any reduction from
the estimates of last year, in view of the ]
fact that the army was engaged in a dif- I
ficult conflict 7000 miles away. .:-"-¦". , -\
In regard to the naval ' reserve, the Sec
retary of the Admiralty said the Govern
ment had discovered that there were legal :
objections to the engagement of men in
Newfoundland. The . movement would
therefore be temporarily arrested, but
legislation would ' be introduced legaliz
ing the engagement of men in every part
of the empire. :\ .
The Secretary further explained, that
promotion In the engineering department
would be accelerated by the creation of
ten new posts. He also said that the pro
gress of naval construction-' during the
past year had been unparalleled. The
present estimates, said the Secretary,
pave the Government £15,000,000 for new
ships and it was intended to spend the
money. No fewer than forty-nine ships
would be put In the water dur
ing the present . year and next
vear there would be under con
struction sixty ships, in addition to
twenty-seven others that would be laid
down. Besides .this, a large programme
of reconstruction would be undertaken,
thereby adding greatly to the lighting
power of the fleet. Guns of more formid
able caliber would be mounted on many
vessels and six-inch guns of the latest and
most improved type would replace the
4.7-inch guns.
Referring to the smaller craft, the Sec
retary said that . unexpectedly rapid
progress was being made with the sub
marine fleet and that several vessels
would be added to this fleet. A new type
of torpedo boat destroyer had been de
signed and it was hoped to obtain better
results than in the case of the existing
vessels.
After giving further details t)f the Ad
miralty's programme, the Secretary con
cluded by saying that what the Admiralty
was determined on was to prepare the
fleet for war, a preparation for that day
of trial which it was /hoped would never
come. t>ut against which the Admiralty
was in duty bound to provide.
Is Said to Be Sent From
London.
Disturbances' Continue in" Towns and
i ¦ Money for- Aid of Malcontents ;
Release Imprisoned »
Comrades',
Striker^. -Attack a Jail to
Many Millions Wanted
to Improve British
Navy.
Estimates Submitted by the
. Secretary Show a Total
of £31,255,000.
Troops Clear; Bar celOD a
Str eets,. but Trouble *
Hr&ws.
PREPARING
FLEET ON A
WAR FOOTING
SPAIN'S MOB
IS COWED BY
THE BAYONET
FINAL ' R ATI F IC ATIO N OF T RE AT Y
PAVING WAY FOR ISTHMIAN CANAL
Successful
and British Embkssaddr Pauncefote^ ¦; \> >;
WASHINGTON,, Feb. 21— Final ratifications of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, giv
ing England's assent to the construction of a canal across Central America by
the United ; States, were exchanged at the State Department _ at y o'clock this ;
afternoon. There was very little ceremony about the exchange of - ratifications;
Copies of the treaty have been prepared, precisely similar except in: the fact that the,-signa
. natures were inverted in one copy, and these were formally exchanged .between Lord Patin-*
•¦ cefote and Secretary Hay, a protocol being signed formally attesting, to: the: fact; which; will
form part of the records. , . ; ' j\ ' ¦"''', '¦¦..-. V. % v: , .. ; :
Lord Pauncefote was, in the best of humor, over this successful outcome of the labors
of himself' and Secretary Hay, for he regarded the treaty as the most important- convention
ever drawn behyeen the United States and Great Britain, and one 'that will do much to
prevent friction in the future behyeen the two peoples. ;. ' ; ;:'
It was suggested that at the completion of this great work the' British .Government
. .might regard Lord PauncefoteV work- as ¦ended; but this is not the case. Lord Lansdowne,
.the Secretary of Foreign Affairvhas signified to Lord Pauncefote his. desirethat he shall re
main in Washington for an indefinite period. . . ,¦,''
THE SAN FEANClSCa CALL, SATURDAY, 22, 19021
2
To Cure ; Grip in Two . Days..
Laxative . Bromo-Qulnine"; removes the" cause. ,
•E. W. Grove's signature on every, box." \ •
Distress
Jiftet • Eating
Nausea between meals, .belching, vom-'
itipg/ flatulence, ; fits of; nervous -head-
ache,- pain, in the stomach, are.'all symp-,
toms^of 'dyspepsia,- and;the longeritis
neglected the harder it is to cure it. v :
Hoo^sSarsaparilla
and Jpills^
Radically and ¦permanently, cure -it— '
strengthen and 'tone the: stomach and
other digestive '-. organs".;, for tht: natural
perf ormance of their functions. ... .-
'/^Testimonials' ofr remarkable -.cures mailed, en j
i request.- 'C.\ I., HOOD, CO., Lowell Alass. " J
AD^rEBTTSEarENTS.
FOR SINGERS AND SPEAKERS
The New Remedy fop Catapph
Is Very Valuable.
A. Grand Rapids gentleman who represents
& prominent manufacturing: concern and trav-
els through ' Central and Southern Michigan
relates the following; regarding the new ca-
tarrh cure. He cays:
"After Buffering from catarrh of the head,
throat and stomach, for several years, I heard
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets quite accidentally
and like everything else I Immediately bought
a package and was decidedly surprised at the
Immediate relief it afforded me and etill more
to find a complete cure after several weeks'
use. ,7'*v
"I have a little son who sings in a boys'
choir in *ne of -our prominent churches, and
he Is greatly troubled with hoarseness and
throat weakness, and on my return home from
a trip I pave him a few of the tablets ¦ one
Sunday morning when he had complained of
hoarseness. He was delighted with their ef-
fect, removing all huskiness In a. few minutes
and making the voice clear and strong.
"Am the tablets are very pleasant to the
taste, I had no difficulty In persuading him to
use them regularly.
•"Our family physician told us they were
fji antiseptic preparation of • undoubted ', merit
and that he himself had no hesitation In using
and recommending Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
-for any form of catarrh.
"I have since met many public speakers and
• professional singers who used them constantly .
A prominent Detroit lawyer told me that Stu-
art's Catarrh - Tablets kept his throat in fine
shape during the most trying weather, and
that he had long eince discarded the use of
cheap lozenges and troches on the advice of
his physician that they contained bo much
tolu, potash and opium as to render their use
a danger to health." . / ;.
Stuart's Catarrh - Tablets are large, pleas-
Eant tasting lozenges composed of • catarrhal
antiseptics, like Red Gum, Blood Root, etc..
and eold by druggists everywhere at i CO cents
for full treatment. . , . ¦ , .¦ .. .. -
They act upon the blood and mucous mem-
brane and their composition and remarkable
success has won the . approval of physicians,
as well as thousands of euff erers . from - nasal
catarrh, throat troubles and . catarrh • of
stomach.
A little book on treatment of catarrh mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. - ¦ • '."¦' - • ' ' • "¦
'• . ADVEBTISiagENTS.- j. ,-.-'
f ALWAYS ASK FOR
WALTER BAKERS
COGOAOTOCOLATE
¦LOOK AT THE bABEbS •
PU REDELICIOUS NUTRlTiOUS
I ; > E5TABU5HED I76O I
WALTER BAKER AGO Limited.
I THREtCOlD MEDAIS PAN-AMERICAN i EXPOSITION IJ
I & Flash of Light
I in the night- the passing of the swift and. luxurious
I California Limited
I gleaming with Its real electric lights. -It races from
I San Francisco to CWcajoln. three days
MWWHMfffflsMsWMfWbMilWBBIBtlsssHWss>ssWrTisHffiir*i^^ ¦PASADENA. Feb. 21.— Miss Blanche
Harry, aged 24 "years, died in the county
hospital yesterday of • scarlatina. After
nursing a sick friend, who had the fever.
Miss Harry, herself contracted the dis
ease. - Though her friend recovered, the
voluntary nurse died.
Gives Her Life for a Friend.
Previous to the marriage of his son and
Miss Brule the California' courts gave
Sieberst senior the custody of four-year
old Ardelle and he was appointed her
guardian, as her father Intended going to
the Philippines.' Last Tuesday. It is
charged in the complaint, Ida. Sieberst
visited San -Francisco, and. while In Gold
en Gate Park, obtained possession of the
little girl, bringing her to Carson. Sieberst
began a search and only yesterday learn
ed that his granddauehter and daughter
in-law were In this city. He caught the 6
o'clock train out of San Francisco ; last
evening, and, upon Its arrival here this
morning, lost' no time In seeking the aid
of th« Supreme '. Court. •: I *,' ' ¦: v
- It is said that the younger Sieberst as
sisted his wife in kidnaping the girl in
San Frincisco and accompanied her. as
far as Sacramento. , '_ '
The elder Sieberst departed for Califor
nia with the child this evening. It is
understood that there will be no. further
contest and that the writ issued by. the
court will be recalled.
; CARSON, Nev., Feb. 21.— A writ of
mandamus wa3 issued- by the Supreme
Court this morning, citing Mrs. Ida
Sieberst, formerly Ida Brule, into court on
Monday to show why she Is retaining
custody of a minor child by a former wife
of her present husband. The writ was
Issued upon the application of H. G. Sie
berst, the father-in-law of Mrs. Sieberst
and the .grandfather of the child. The
elder .Sieberst is an attorney of San Fran
cisco. He arrived In Carson this morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
H. G. Sieberst Recovers
His Kidnaped Grand
'daughter.
QUEST OF CHILD
ENDS IM CARSOM
: WINNIPEG. sManitobaii Feb. 21.— Sir Charles
Tupper; and - Lady tTunper have . received an ; in-~
vltation B to i attend 'i Kins 5 Edward's i coronation."
They will be accompanied by;Mlas.' r "">>«r.' > ;Blr
Charles, left for the: East, to-day ." :
¦ SANTA ANA, ! Feb. 21.-Herman J. Opp,
33] years ,' old,' .was I struck and / killed > by a
Santa »Fe freight train . this :¦¦ forenoon, a
i half '. mile ' abovec Orange.' He ' was - par
;tlally:deaf.t; >r . - . ;-
Train Strikes , Deaf Man. ' '
To Accommodate
/ ' , Local Travel.
The .' Santa'/ Fe i carry ?en , elegant chair; car; on
th© ' California ; Limited • f rom \ San : Francisco '; to
Bakerafleldr ; f Leaves . dally ; 9 , a.* m.'-V Also ' stops
at Stockton."- Merced.'j Fresno, and , Hanford. ¦•."¦«-¦
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 21.— Another heir
tbthe ; estate .;.6f the late; Joseph P. Me
laven "> has fappeared ; and ! gives the name
of: Joseph; P. > Melaven Jr." Owing to a
contest^ filed. by him this afternoon in the
Superior > Court '. the petition ; for the > final
distribution • of the ; estate was ; not heard
to-day.', Melaven junior alleges that, he
was . a i son of k decedent and claims one
seventh : of h . the • estate, ' which in' Kern
County alone was .worth $200,000.
Claims Share of the Estate.
; SALINAS, 'Feb. 21.— What : promises to
cause ;j much '£. litigation between v Santa"
Clara *; andj:' Monterey ° counties ;- over :: a
change^of ', venue 'trial! was ".developed to
day '¦¦¦ '. when County , Treasurer. •:¦ Taylor
sc ught ' . legal • > advice , from ,; his : attorney."
Banta" Clara County has ¦ presented a > bill
to I this county - • for,- $1411 65— expense V in
curred during the ; trial of George | Suesser
for v the \ murder ; of h Sheriff .-: Farley.*- The
Monterey * Supervisors j cut the bill - to*' the
extent of, $300 85, 'on the ground that, when
the;Suesser case: came up for trial in! San
Jose .a -special,) venire ; Jury; was 5 engaged
in" another : case i and was chosen ; to sit in
the trial V of 7 . Suesser.- 'The .'"Auditor v of
Santa Clara County refuses to accept the
reduction. :?:;.-•:.. ¦ " ;
Two Counties at Loggerheads.
;Miss Duffy; has^ been critically- ill since
, her - father's ' murder, , but ' it; is ', believed
that she' will be. able to recognize' "the
murderer,' and '¦- Lord:-; probably vwilli; be
taken to her . bedside , for ; identification. ?i
Duffy -was manager "of the wholesale
liquor . house of Hugh Casey /for - many
years. .Mr/ Casey, has iOffered 1 . a -reward
of $500 for the apprehension of the mur
derers and . Governor Gage •' has offered r a
reward of a .similar amount " -. v
Lord * answers the description of one of
the two burglars, as given by, Duff y,; to" the
police before he Idled. '. Two I young men
who " had seen , the , fleeing . thief -were
brought ;.. to ; the police . ; station I to-night;
and from a dozen inmates; of the? prison
picked" out , Lord * 4 as the;; man they saw
running; from the ' scene" of the assassina
tion; ':¦'¦ W : \ ; .; V \. ¦/'•:¦¦:.¦.- ¦ :r.,.-- ¦ ,'J
-•" SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2L— Chief i of Po
lice Sullivan la "confident that he has be
hind the bars of .the City .Prison one of
the murderers of Hugh Duffy, in the per
son of Thomas Lord,; who was -arrested
this afternoon. 'Lord had sold at diffe'r
ent- places about , town ' a; gold' mounted
penholder and a ; pair ; of - scissors : stolen
from the Bartels house, which Duffy was
trying to protect, from the burglars when
he was shot. : Lord/gives. varying accounts
as to- how he came by, these articles,- and
his statements are.', of a s - contradictory
character. "When he, offered - the articles
for sale at -grocery stores and saloons he
represented , that he : had found ¦ them in
Lincoln; /To the police he : said ;, h« found
them' in the grammar school yard at Fif
teenth ¦ and I streets. , -^i
Special 'Dispatch to .The Call.
; It was. dusk before the funeral cere
mony was completed and then com
menced the' task of .-carrying sand -.from
the seashore to build a mound over the
grave. •-, The labor. was continued not onFy,
Ithroughout that night.' but intermittenCTy
during the next- four days: and.' nights.
Unfortunately the Premier and police in
.terferred on the la et night - and . threw a
number of natives into prison, simply be
cause they chose to follow out' on "old
Tongan custom of burning torches at ; the
grave at night— a custom .which in > the
case of the late King George "Tubu- was
observed every, night for. more than a
Xortnlght._- - - ¦
Descended on her father's side from a
long line of Xiua Kings and on ' her
mother's side " from 'the Tul % Tongas/
through Chief Tuga; she had a large fol
lowing and the state , funeral - given her
was a novel one. She was buried in the
cemetery of the • Tongans, on the : shores
of Nukualofa, where rest. many Tongan
Kings and Queens.- VAt the request of the
King, an English missionary. Rev. vj.. B.
Watklns, . officiated. All .the, -Tongan
royal ¦ family and notables and , the . not-,
ables of the European colony; mustered
in force. ? . \
- - . • -.- •¦ • ¦. .
; VICTORIA, B. C. Feb.2L-News.was
brought from Tonga by the steamship
Miowera of the death of Princess Of a of
Tonga, an event which has placed - all
Tongans In mourning. : She was, the doyen
of the unmarried ladies | of > the j| Friendly
Islands, and before the King's fmarrlage
to Lavinia, It was generally "considered
that Ofa would be the one to. whom the
King threw his handkerchief. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At one time Collins ¦'-. had considerable
money, having, fallen heir to ithe estate
of a relative In Ireland. He waa 55 years
of age. > A widow and several, children
survive him. .•" ¦ : . ' -/
BAKERSFIELD, Feb." 21.— Barney Col
lins,^ a ploneer ; of Kern County and for
years a resident of Plute Mountain and
keeper ._ of ; the ; Bright = Star mining . prop
erty ', arid.- the J.' : B. ¦ Ferris . property," was
burned. to death at a camp lire last "Wed
nesday night. ! Collins . had left his home
to'go- to Llebel's' camp, five miles away.
He started; home in: the evening, but as.
darkness overtook him, he concluded to v
camp.- Collins, after .building a fire, lay
down .beside it. His clothing , Ignited and
he -was roasted as he slept."
County.
Barney Collins Meets Horrible Death
in the Mountains of Kern
ROASTED BY, FLAMES
FROM HIS OAMPFIRB
: SEATTLE, Feb. V 21.4-Dawson - advices
state" that'; a, stampede is r under way to
Sroggy Creek, - a} tributary,' of ;;the : lower
Stewart.";? The news F was; brought by M.
G.'McLeod,;; Assistant Recorder at Stew
art. / Said he:;: \
Fully 200 - claims have been staked on the
stream, f and* more stakers are going there .right
along. ¦.-; On! my -.way. from 'Stewart, to DawBon;I
met ; twenty;: or ; ¦ twenty-five : : y men -".• bound for
Sroggy. v-'Flyei miles of Sroggy, is; granted as a
concession, and, the i ground being staked' lies
: above . and below the concession.' -,< One , hundred
and fifty •'- Sroggy V claims - were .' recorded last
month." Just .what the * prospects are on \ the
creek ' I cannot r say, • but :. th«y ; certainly seem
to ' be '! attractive to ' those ' who -. have been - In
',- r Henderaoii and Thistle • are , being proved mer
itorious.; Of '¦ all, the claims prospected on Hen
derson ? andiThlstle ; to .' a '<. reasonable extent \ no
one has so far proved a blank. . -¦;¦¦ '-
;- 1 Henderson \ has , been ; and is being prospected
the roost. v and • there are . now : 150 : men ¦ on the
stream,- either » taking | out : pay f or | prospecting.
A' number of the claims will yield good returns
next 1 spring, i >¦ It V has . been reported • that" one
claim .would • produce V $30,000 - In the . spring
clean-up. v The left fork . of ' Henderson ' has not
yet ¦ showni up as well as " other ¦ portions ' of . the
creek. '.-.'.'¦ -.•- „¦ " ' ' '-.•'.!>''¦'. ¦" -"' ¦ ' '
m Henry - C. 75 Macaulay.. i; haa been : elected
Mayor of i Dawson and | will | take . office on
March 3.-;. Six Aldermen have been elected.
They are : ; George Murphy. 1 T. G." 1 Wilson,*
Thomas i Adalr,"; Dr." Horatio : C. ; Norquay,
James F/MacDonald and Peter.Vachon.
¦ •¦: The total, vote ', cast * for Mayor was 724. ;
i The 1 election '• was t the t hottest ever held in
Dawson.*' Only ; Britishers | were permitted
to /vote.v. Two-thirds of the people of Daw
j son fare 'and had no voice In
'the, election:-: / ;
Mayor "Macaulay.was -born; In: Lindsay.
; Ontario. '.VHe \ Is '- now ¦ one : of " the ' biggest
wholesale' liquor/ dealers : In ; Dawson. .
Tributary.
Two Hundred' Claims Already Staked
- * Out the Stewart's ?
SROGGY CREEK IS NOW
THE GOAL OF YTTKONERSH
Descendant of Native
Kings Rests.With Her
Forefathers.
Strong Evidence Against
Suspect Arrested in
Sacramento.
"The Grand Lodge of California," 'Grand
Master. .William Sewall Wells ; "Washington
Lodge and the Good of Masonry," Past Master
Presley Beauregard I Johnson ; "Fifty Years * of
Masonry." Past Master Robert Oscar Cravens;
"Masonry, Its Origrin and Its Law.'. 1 Past Grand
Master Edmund Clement Atkinson; "Am I My
Brother's • Keeper?" ' : Brother.:'... Joseph ,; Spencer
Quire; ,"Our " Vlsltlngi Brethren,",, Past ¦¦ Grand
Master 'William ; Johnston; "Fraternity," $ Past
Master Albert de Montfredy Johnson ;:'!The La
dies,'.' Past i Master William Wallace Douglas;
"Reminiscences: of Washington- Lodge," Past
Master, John Nelles; Young.: ,-
Hiram W. ; Johnson acted -as toastmas
ter and sketched the growth, of Washing
ton Lodge from Its beginning in the early
'50'Sitoithe present.;. One of . the guests of
the evening was Samuel M. Shortrldge of
San Francisco; who delivered :a happy
speech, his ¦ topic , being • "Masonic " Broth
erhood.'.' :-' Other toasts .were responded - to
as follows : ; ' . . : ;¦: • ' , -^ • ¦"^
Washington Lodge No. 20 Celebrates
the Fiftieth Anniversary of
: Its I Institution.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 21.— The fiftieth
anniversary. of the organization of Wash
ington Lodge No. 20, Free and Accepted
Masons,/ was' celebrated with a banquet
in Masonic Temple > to-night. ,The event
was one. of the most . notable in Masonic
circles in this city In, many years. Mem
bers of the order were present from other
localities, and cheerfulness and brilliancy
marked the- festivities. , , ¦
MASONS AT A BANQUET ¦
V- IN THE CAPITAL CITY
MAY BE SLAYER
OF HUGH DUFFY
Miss Adeline Knapp is. expected to ar
rive on the transport Hancock about the
24th lnst. She will spend but a few days
on this coast, as she is on her way to
New York . to ; see her. publishers. Miss
Knapp will be the guest of Mrs. Edna
Snell Poulson of Snell Seminary, Berke
ley, v during her stay in 1 California.
Edward. M. Greenway is at present in
Los Angeles.
The entire proceeds will be used to ' en
large the gymnasium of: the association.
The Ladies' Auxiliary co-operate with the
Young Men's Hebrew Association:
TONGANS MOURN
PRINCESS OFA
Mrs. Lawrence Irving Scott entertained
at dinner last evening at her home, 2020
California street. The guest of honpr was
Miss Georgina Hopkins, who is to marry
Frederick McNear on March 5. Every
thing was perfectly appointed and the
decorations were most artistic. It waa a
white dinner, the flowers on the table be
.ing lilies and fuschias. Covers were laid
for sixteen. Among those present were:
week for her mountain ranch, some thir
ty-five miles from Bakersfield.*- Her little
son, who has entirely recovered, will ac
company her. as well as the other children
who are now in the city. :,•;
Taylor street. The dinner was
the more delightful for being an informal
one, and was characterized by the charm-
Ing cordiality of the hostess. The guests
v.ere Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Chase, Mr. and
Mrs. George Mundell, Mr. and Mrs. Her
man Oelrichs and Lansing Mlzner.
Mrs. Tevis will leave at the end of next
MRS. WILLIAM S. TEVIS enter
tained at dinner last evening in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs at her residence. 1310
TVELL-KXOWN AND CHARMING SOCIETY WOMAN WHO ENTERTAINED A LARGE GATHERING OF FRIENDS
LAST EVENING AT A DELIGHTFUL INFORMAL DINNER GIVEN IN HONOR OF MR. AND MRS. HERMAN
OELRICHS OF NEW YORK. Vi. 1 '
: Dailey's body., was buried in the prison
graveyard this afternoon. He is survived
by a widow. His victim had a wife and
six children.' ~
"Sheriff Buckner, when I go to the gal
lows this morning I will do so without
fear. I will die with a clear conscience. in
the fact , that I know when I shot and
killed , Lemuel Metz • I was : insane or I
would not have done it. >. That was nearly
two years ago, and I have had much time
to realize the enormity of my act, but
nevertheless I will die with a clear con
science. .1 want to thank you for the kind
treatment I received while incarcerated
at Hanford and also, through you, I want
to thank : my . friends for their strenuous
efforts in my behalf. -Now I am ready
tOsffO.": •-.; ;.' <¦" : ..-¦ -. ¦ " . . ¦ .. •'. ¦¦ x
Dailey was. arrested /-and in his trial
pleaded insanity. He was convicted, but
the case was appealed,' the Supreme Court
refusing to : grant a new' trial, and later
the day. of execution was set. - The Gov
ernor was appealed to for a respite, -but
last Monday refused to grant it. Dailey
received; the: last edict of. the State's ex
ecutive without comment, and during the
time of the death watch had little to say.
This morning," however, he sent for Sher
iff Buckner of Kings County and had a
talk with him. Said he: :. , " -,.,'-
. In a short time he returned with a shot
gun, and with' no warning whatever shot
his victim in the back. . *
SAN RAFAEL,,; Feb. 21.— Isaac .' Dailey,
who murdered . Lemuel Metz on July 10.
1900, was hanged, this* morning in San
Quentln prison. - Just twenty-one seconds
elapsed from the time the murderer left
his cell;until the trap was sprung. On
ascending I the . scaffold Dailey displayed
no fear. As the ; hangman adjusted the
noose the condemned man raised hte eyes
sllghtly.Tand as the black cap was sllpj)e:l
over his head he clenched his fists tightly.
Rev. Father Eagan offered a' last prayer
for the murderer and at 10:40 o'clock War
den Aguirre gave the sign and the trap
fell. ; Fourteen - minutes later the phy3i
cians pronounced life extinct. ..
The crime : for, which Dailey paid the
death penalty was committed in Le
moore, Kings County. Lemuel Metz,. a
bicycle repairer and a man with a large
family, was the victim. Dailey went to
Metz's place of business with a bicycle
to- have a puncture repaired.. After the
work was completed he Informed " Metz
that he did not have the 25 cents to pay
him, to which Metz replied that he could
settle the next day. . On the second day
Dailey, again appeared with a punctured
tire and the. bicycle dealer repaired It.
The ; same excuse was given, whereupon
Metz told Dailey that he did no credit
business.
"Oh, you don't, do you?" sneered Dailey,
as he left the shop.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The ; Port "Patrick was An Bass Straits
when a : gale r blew from the. northwest
and she/brought to.. All sail on. the main
arid mizzen masts was reduced, but the
ship . could . hot ; be . got under i control and
was going ashore.' Anchors were lowered
but parted; and for some hours the ship
drifted toward the shore. The boats had
been put . over and provisioned and at 3
o'clock inthe morning the crew went aft
and said it intended to leave the ship.
The captain refused to allow this, but
officers 'and ; crew rushed to the boats,
leaving ' him alone. He then hailed one
of ¦ the boats, ; which returned and took
him off, leaving the vessel adrift. All
hands passed tnirty. hours In the half
filled open boats before they were picked
up by the steamer Abergeldle, which
took them- to Sydney. " ' _. ,
Two days afterward the tug Champion
picked up the : derelict and took her to
Sydney.:- About the same, time the tug
Eagle was trying to put a line on board.
Both tugs- neared the abandoned vessel
at the same ¦ time and lowered boats,
which " raced toward the • Port Patrick
through a rough sea. The j phampion's
boat arrived first • and . four men boarded
the Port Patrick; They pulled up air the
ropes to prevent the men in. the Eagle's
boat getting on board. ;Two of the Cham
pion's nien ' stood r at ...the', ship's side,
swinging axes and threatening any of the
Eagle's men who boarded. They said the,
vessel was theirs by possession . and de
clined to allow the Eagle to participate in
the salvage. The Eagle then , steamed
away and the tug Champion managed , to
get -lines aboard. ; ..'' .¦ .
The ship.whlch had all sail set, although
tome of it was much ribboned, was towed
to Sydney and the 'Champion had filed a
big salvage claim against her, which was
being brought In ; the Admiralty Court at
Sydney when, the Miowera left.
The Champion's crew reported that, it
was only by a fluke that the vessel was
not. wrecked. .She was hemmed in by
rocks when found and had it not been
that heranchor caught. in. the cleft of a
rock, she" would have pounded to match
wood on the shore. The ship is valued at
?ioo,ooo. : - :•¦."•: '•¦-• •• ¦ -¦ . -
' VICTdRIA, B; C, Feb. a.— Details were
brought Hobday by the steamship Miowera
of , the 'abandonment of the bark Port
Patrick, Abound, from Newcastle to South
Africa, after a storm; off the. Australian
coast. : . The Port, Patrick was found by
two tugs, after a.steamer. had rescued the
crew, and -there was a fight for possession
of the 'derelict. • ' ;; .' ',
Special Dispatch t<> The Call.-
Leaves Captain Aboard,
' but Later Returns
Him:
Kings County M ur(^ erer
Is Hanged in San
, \ai uen tin. '
ALARMED CREW
ABANDONS BARK
LAW TAKES LIFE
OF ISAAC DAILEY
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21— A severe
sleetstorm struck Washington to-night
and the national capital is absolutely cut
off from all telephonic or telegraphic com
munication north of Baltimore and Is
compelled . to depend, on uncertain Wires
to Richmond and Atlanta for reaching the
country at iarge. Aside -from damage to
wires, however, the storm did no injury,
the sleet ! not- being' heavy -enough to do
much harm to trees.
PITTSBURG, TFeb. 21— Anxiety was in
creased to-day along the .'-, Monongahela
and Alleghany rivers, ' where great ; ice
gorges have formed, by the continued' rain
and the prospects of warmer weather.
River men of years' experience say that
with the present weather, . conditions last
ing, the ice is due . to . move by Sunday.
Owners of Imperiled property along the
river and the officials of the river coal
combine are preparing to move their ef
fects so as to be clear of the impending
danger. The great gorge i" on the Alle
ghany, River, which extends seventy miles
up'the river and varies in-thickness from
five to sixteen feet, ¦ : is ¦ being - watched
night and day by the river men and early
warnings are to be given when it begins
to ; move. It is still hoped that the rain
will cea«e and that the thaw will be a
slow one, so that the ice may melt and
move out slowly. . . -
Fears of an Avalanche.
• South : and west of York telegraph
and telephone wires were prostrated early
in the afternoon, and although conditions
improved- somewhat * between.' New
and Chicago late in; the evening,' com
munication by wire with Philadelphia' and
Baltimore, was cut off entirely. . . ?
Jersey City was hit hard and by 10 o'clock
in, the evening the city practically was in
darkness and there < was j every, indication
that the electric service, which is wholly
overhead, will be entirely out of order by
morning. Electric wires were ; down: in
every part of the city. 'The fire alarm sys
tem, was crippled and the police wires are
in ' bad • shape. Trolley ¦ cars 'ceased run
ning entirely late: in the evening. . All
trains in and out of Jersey City were be
hind time. The departing trains were de- '<
layed. by the ferryboats,- which cbnsumed : ;
thrice the usual in* crossing the
NorthRiver.:' At Newark the streets were
ankle deep in slush. >...¦ ,:, .
- During the early hours I of the day
heavy, wet snow, fell : in ¦' great, flakes.
This condition prevailed, for. several hours.'*
Shortly after noon the snow turned- Into
a ! steady drizzle, of, rain, that continued
with intermittent periods.of slee,t allafter
noon and far. into the night. Much of the
snow .that was left from the recent bliz
zard . was quickly converted • into slush,
and to-night j the streets {are '¦ inches I deep.
The sidewalks throughout the city : . were
covered and. the crossings were almost im
passable. The: work of the Street Clean
ing Department was undone and the city's
streets are in a worse, condition- than De
fore thousands of snow shovelers went to
work after the blizzard. ;
¦ During the evening the temperature
dropped enough to turn the downpour of
rain into a coating of ice over buildings
and trees. In Central. Park the big trees
creaked under the weight of thick ice.
Many branches fell. This condition pre
vails throughout other parks in. the city.
Tratflc on the Brooklyn bridge was almost
at a standstill: He* vy trucks v could
scarcely be moved, even when, four heavy
horses --did - their. - best, to get .a foot
hold on the slippery roadway. Street
car traffic every wnere was much r inter
rupted, but the. greatest difficulty was ex
perienced on crosstown horse .car; lines.
! four horses were attached to each of
these cars and had hard work getting
along.:. .. . il-l . •. ; . .'-. . .
; Ice Barriers in Streets.
Fifth avenue was a sheet of ice. It was
early deserted by carriages and ' by mid
night nothing, save an • occasional auto
mobile, was to be seen on the; thorough
fare. On . Broadway > after • the theaters
closed' the scene was, one of great I confu
sion.' Cabs and carriages,- drawn up in
front of the theaters, were handled , with
great difficulty. Many horses, fell. The
automobiles had less trouble than the car
riages, although they were hard to handle. 1
Many electric light wires were broken by
the weight of the coating of Ice and many
others hung low. In Fifth avenue the
sidewalk along Central Park, where the
trees overhang it,- was almost impassable
o wing ¦ to the branches which were bent
almost to the earth.
NEW YORK, Feb.- 21.— Snow, followed
by rain and sleet, to-day created inj this
city and vicinity the most disagreeable
weather conditions known in many years.
Residents Near the Monongahela and
Allegheny Rivers > Fear Great
From an Ava
lanche of the Ice.
Principal Thoroughfares of
New York Almost
Blockaded. ;
Snow arid Rain and Sleet
Cause General Stag- . ;
nation.- ;
The Young Men's- Hebrew Association
will give, an* entertainment -and dance, at
Native Sons' Hall on ."Wednesday evening,
February. 26. The. talent will be profes
sional. Dancing will continue until 1 a. m.
Miss Ethel Keeney is again .with her
perents, Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Keeney, after
a trip to New York. She will act as
bridesmaids to her nance's sister, Miss
Tomlinson, and will return to New York
in April for that occasion.
' Mrs. "William F. Mann has returned
from Sacramento, where she has been vis-'
King Bishop and -Mrs. Morelese at their
home, 2600 M street.
Mrs. J; N.. Patton/and her mother have
returned from their pleasure trip to Coro
nado and • other points of interest in
Southern California,
At the home of Dr. Hemphlll, T020
Broadway^ Miss Edith M. Staglish and
Fred McKay were united ' in : marriage
Thursday evening. The ceremony ¦was
followed by a . reception I at | the home of
the bride. • The I bride , is ' a very, pretty
blonde and was attired in a white organ
die dress trimmed with white satin rib
bon. Mr. and Mrs. McKay will take up
their home at 1908 Filbert street.
The educational department of the Cali
fornia Club meets this morning at 10:30.
The forestry section -was largely attended
yesterday, but no new business, came be
fore the club. ? ; ' :^-": ; -"V.C>'.V'
A number of young ladies popular, in so-;
ciety in this city are arranging to go to
Stanford for the purpose of attending the
sophomore hop to-night. ; Miss Kathryn
Robinson, Miss Elsie* Sperry, Miss Eliza
beth Foulke and Miss Dunham are among
those who * will go • down to enjoy the
dance.- •¦•*•'¦'•¦," :.• -; ' : ' ; ' i -''.-' t^' ! '- /
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Carolan are4o
give a hunt breakfast to-day at their Bur
lingame home In" honor of Mrs. Herman
Oelrlchs. The Carolans have invited 100
guests, many of .whom will go from San
Francisco If the rain is not too severe.
The function bids fair to- be a dellgh^iul
affair. ,
Miss Georgina Hopkins, Miss McN ear,
Miss Thereee. Morgan, Mies L. Cadwalla
•der, Miss Carrie Taylor, Frederick Aic-
Near. Mr. and Mrs. J. &. Crockett, - Mr.
and Mrs.- Lawrence -Irving Scott."- - ¦ - .
STORM STOPS
ALL TRAFFIC
IN THE EAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY; FEBRUARY. 22,. 1902.
Mrs. Lawrence 1. bcott Entertains in Honor of Miss Gebrgina; Hop
kins — Mr. and [ Mrs. Francis J. Carolan Invite Qne Hundred
Guests to a Burlingame Hunt Breakfast— -Items of Interest
MRS. WILLIAM S. TEVIS GIVES DINNER
IN HONOR OF MR. AND MRS. OELRIGHS
3
ADVZBTISEMEKTS.
"I had headaclie
and pain in the side."
If you will read the letter of Mrs.
JiIcKenrie, given below, you will find
that she says — n l had uterine disease,
also headache and pain in the side."
Uterine disease is a common jmrmm
cause of headache, back- raropl
tcae, sideache, nervousness JlSrl
and other ¦womanly ills. x^ j
Dr. Pierce's Favorite v-v^^^b^kJ
Prescription cures uter- VSSg^fci&SH
therefore, cures
the headache, side-
ache, etc., which /gSaKryBl W?\\
eased condition of
the _ womanly or-
lie Prescriptioa " JfwsSsTit
b the best medicine for @$$m ' I 1
women. It establishes JHajgHf |
regularity, dries weaken- MmWBUl *
ing drains, heals infiam- g&B&sil f,\
{nation and ulceration g^^ffi' I
•nd cures female weak- |^^M ,
Sick women are in- B^iif .^' ,
vited to consult Doctor Kgafi
Pierce by letter, free. iPwIEb * j
AH correspondence held &§§» I
in etrict pVivacy and sa- BMSpf,. .. j
cred 6ecrecy. Address !^OTi.V.wl
Dr. R. V.' Pierce, Buf- ra^ll^""£^
"I took two bottle* of vour Wpf^Ealisl
• Tavoritc Prcicription ' 'and WF&lmSy&JSL
two of the * Golden Medical E^HEfcS
piacovery' aud am feeling jv? *J^-C^.^-,J
v.-cll,1 writes Mrs. Dan Me- 13BBHBu?$mi
Kenxif . of Lorway Mines, ifiBHWffSMal
C«pe Breton Co., ?Cova Scoti*. lg&%££s£!%B
r l hid uterine trouble, also gTr^Jgrgj/* 8
Jieadache. and paia in the ;"'».
#idc After tat lag- your medldne I got well.
You may publish this or u«e it in any way you
think best, as J cannot speak too highly of Dr. j
Pierce aad bis medicines." i
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical i
I Adviser, paper covers, .containing..', iooS ,
?•large pages, is utntfru on. receipt of 21 j
one-cent stamps, to pay expense of mail*
ing only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N..Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ • . ¦- ¦ .; ¦ . . . . i _>,
One Good Turn Deserves Another.
Your laundry here means relief from tha
trouble of making things clean.
Send your order and enjoy the original-
ity about- our work that makes It different
from the everyday, slipshod, ramshackle
way ot doing up things.
NO SAW EDGES.
UNITED STATES 'LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4 Market Strao:.
Telephone-South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave. .
pll^i BALSAW! '•}
j ; Promotes tha growth, of the hair and \ '•
¦'.'<; gives it the lustre andsllilnesaof yotttlu ! ', -
< > Wben the hair Is gTay or faded ft
j! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. ¦
J | It prevents Dandruff and Mir falllDg I
' < ; and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. J i
' -*' ' ,'':'..-¦'. ¦: "' . -. : ', - : '. AD VEB.TISmiE.NT3. . •. ;/¦¦¦
¦Jf Delicately formed and gently reared, women will / ' j^rfgSr^^^""
f0fc find, in all the seasons of their.lives, as maids or wives / A^P^^^S^A
§0*. ¦ or mothers, that the one simple, wholesome remedy I '*fe^^*^^^l I
wM :-"/) which acts gently and pleasantly and naturally, and i^^^^r *v
fe^I^; ' an y conditions, when the system needs a laxative— is— *%fe^^7^ «sSSS Wi
;lpi|-- ; Syrup of Figs. It is well known to be a simple com- '^fe J&^W%^
f \\ \fyi bination of the laxative and carminative principles of : *$&&w7 r^%f^£lf Wv?
plants with pleasant, aromatic liquids, which are if t^^'^'^^^ \%^
' agreeable and refreshing to the taste and acceptable i^^»c*^^^^^-^^^v^^%V^
IJf Ej^ to the system when its gentle cleansing is desired. '
|L.^-> Many of the ills from which women snffer are of \^^^^: ' iH k^^l
W^^S' a transient nature and do not come from any organic M^^^^^\ *P?j$ %**ll^
i^Mfe' trouble and it is pleasant to know that they yield so . i^'^^i^^r^P' i 5^^^"
|pp* promptly to the beneficial effects of Symp of Figs, -fi\^\%r '^•"••^i §l$^& $?&&
: \fJL | but when anything more than a laxative is needed it !5#«? ||m^w
iW" -' is best to consult the family physician and to avoid ll&A^Wv1O*v ffl£&i ¦Mm&$i
,«^^-y the old-time cathartics and loudly advertised nos- if •^^^^^J Siis i» r^?'? ' 'j/$W&$
$J|*O trums of the present day. When one needs only to 1^^^->X^^^^M ' J&r sfrffi^/f
=O, J remove the strain, the torpor, the congestion, or 1^ {> 'drr$M$$
hhl— similar ills, which attend upon a constipated condi- Ml^fe^^^ A>
% m" tion of tne system, use the true and gentle remedy— wl|!$Mfc2p^a S£*i&^^^!s
Syrup of Figs— and enjoy freedom from the depres- %v!^^^^i tSJJff^**^
:^f^ 8^ on ' tne a ches and pains, colds and headaches, which <>^
S&P-- arc due to inactivity of the bowels.
l^^ 7 Only those who buy the genuine Syrup of Figs vl^^^^^a-.
(j^^ can hope to get its beneficial effects and as a guar- 'w^^^Jp^'
|| Mp ; -;:'¦ • antee of the excellence of the remedy the full name
f|f/| of the company— California Fig Syrup Co.— is v^^ffflfMW^
Wjfe?) printed on the front of every package and without
|^^s» ¦ it any preparation offered as Syrup of Figs is fraud- V^^^li^^Sy^^
i^p4^- ulcnt and should be declined. To those who know the *^^^^^^^^^«^
i%M^ ' Q^ a Kty of tliis excellent laxative, the offer of any 1 '-
tfUr substitute, when Symp of Figs is called for, is W^^^^mWl%W
WM always resented by a transfer of patronage to some *^^^^^MS^/^ 5
f|j£i-.. first-class drug establishment, where they do not '^^^^^^ T MM' f 'i I
vM£p recommend, nor sell false brands, nor imitation '^^^^^^^Mi<\
ff$$ remedies. The genuine article may be bougty of all
|W-) reliable druggists everywhere at 50 cents per bottle. >^^^TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Saturday; February 22.
Sun, Moon -and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey —
¦ Times and Heights of ' High and Low
\ Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco • Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent '/¦
NOTE^ — The high and low waters' occur at
the city 'front (Mission-street wharf), abou:
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort' Point
the height of tide is. the game at both places.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .
, Friday, Februar}' 21.
Etmr South Coast. Johnson, 15 hours Iron
!AlbiuP.
S««nr Point Arena. Uansen, . 17 hours from
ilendccico. f - ......
Strar Cltr of Puebla. Jepoen, 63 hours from
Victoria, etc
Strar Newsboy, Johansen, 54 hours from Eu
r?ka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 32 hour* from Eureka.
Stmr Sljnsl; Bendegaard. . 3>4 days from
Ojo« Bar: bound to £an Pedro; put in for
triers.
Bkta Inrgart, Schmidt. 15 days from Honi
ulu.
Schr Etta B. Campbell, C hours from Point
CLEARED.
Friday, February. 21.
St«ni* UmaMHa, Cousin*., Victoria and Port
Tcwnw.rd; GoodaH. Perkins & <:o.
Stmr Rei-iier. Han.-;en, Seattle; Pollanl
Eteiiin!-hl;v Co.
Stmr Australia. Lawles*. Tahiti; J D Ppreck
els &-Iiros Co. - • -
Etrnr Columbia, . Doran, Astoria ; Oresron R R
& Kav Co
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Australia, which sailed yester
cay for Tahiti, carried a general merchandise
cargo. The carsro manifested at the Custom
house up to 3 p. zn. yesterday was valued at
S20.C20 and Included the following merchandise
and produce:
26.204 lbs bread. 1068 bbls flour, 8 pkgs bi
cycles and sundries. 273 ctls barley, 41 pkgs
beer. 2517 lbs beans. 3489 lbs bran. 131 cs
assorted canned roods, €2 cs coal oil, 492 lbs
cheese. 300 lbs codfish, 63 pkgs dry roods, 14
pkgs SniFf, 136 pkgs fresh fruits and vege
tables, 6627 lbs fresh meat, 309 pkrs groceries
and provisions, 175 pkrs hardware, 2901 lbs
lard. 26.850 ft lumber. 3 bales leather. 7 pkgs
machinery, 11 pkgs miUwork. 648 lbs ralll
rtuffs. 31 pkrs nails. 66 pkgs paints and oils,
-18 crs potatoes and onions, 85,240 lbs rice. • 610
!b» rolled barley. 26 coiis rope, 152 cs 17 pkes
-almon, 3780 Zbs ealt, 15,532 lbs sugar, 12
pkgb sewing machines, 20 cs (soap, 17 xs shoes,
Z*Q lbs. tea, 10 bales twine, 25 reels barbed
r.;re. 403 «ds wine. 41 ctls wheat. :
Exports to British Columbia,
The Eteamer Umatllla Bailed yesterday for
Victoria, with an assorted merchandise cargo
destined for the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at $18,838. The cargo Included
tbe following merchandise and produce.
85.800 lbs malt, 5544 lbs and 25 ca dried
fruit, 2437 lbs bread. 1250 lbs raisins, 30,000
lbs salt, 354 g-als wine, 40 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 3 pkgs machinery, 16 pkgs hard
ware,-1 pk«r rubber aoods. 150 cs assorted
canned roods, 900 lbs chocolate, 10 tons chopped
feed. 276 lbs cheese. 2100 pigs lead. 241 lbs
tobacco, 218 lbs ham, 282 cs eggs, 2 cs electri
cal supplies, 20 pkgs paints and oils, 50 tins
matches, 66 pkgi paste, 2000 Ibg meal, 253 lbs
seeds, 2 pkgs dry goods, 14 pkgs iron, 1883 ft
lumber, 764 lbs beans. 441 lbs starch. 436
pkgs fresh fruit. 164 pkg» freeh vegetables. 30
.*-acks cocoacuta. .-<*-' <
Wheat for Europe.
The French baric Jules Verne was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with <S,
972 ctls wheat, valued at $55,703. and 20,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $320.
The British bark Inverlochy was also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 62,
495 ctls wheat, valued at $57,700. and 16,000
ft lomber as dunnace, valued at $240.
Shipments of Bye.
The British ship Clan MacpherEon was
cleared yesterday for Antwerp, with- -V..661
ctls rye, valued at $51,000. and 17,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $255. .....-,
NEWS OF TH M OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The XMtirh ship Star of Germany Is char
tered for lumber at Portland for East London,
Durban or Delagoa Bay. 72s 6d. The barken
tine Aasarentb. is chartered for lumber at Van
couver for Taku, 50s. These two vessels were
chartered prior to arrival. The British ship
Hyderabad Is chartered for wheat to Europe,
et 25s. The brie Consuelo loads redwood at
Fureka. for Honolulu and the bark Amy
Turner merchandise here for Hilo.
"Water Front Notes.
• . - ¦¦¦¦«, , .
. The steamships Korea and Siberia, re
cently built for the Pacific Mail Company,
have been put on the shipping list. They
will both be on this coast shortly.
The steamship Umatilla sailed yester
day for Puget Sound. She was two days
behind her schedule time owing to the de
lays of a stormy trip down and detention
in Quarantine.
The barkentine Irmgard arrived yester
day, fifteen days from Honolulu. She
brought 18,226 bags of sugar.
The bark J. D. Peters, while being tow
ed to sea yesterday, got mixed up with
the ferry-boats in the fairway. The tug
that had her in charge had to do some
lively maneuvering to get the bark safely
past the danger line. - -
A Menace to Navigation.
The lighthouse keeper at Lime Point re
ported that a floating mass that looked
like a large raft passed Lime Point on the
tide about 5 o'clock Thursday evening.
Mariners have been warned to keep a
lockout for the derelict.
i : ; — f
Btmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Aztec. Tresk, Tacoma; Pacific Mail
Steamship Co.
Ger rtmr Isis. Grcot, Tacoma; J D Spreck
el« & Bros Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. •
Ger shlD Hercules, Warners, Jalult; Wil
liamss Olmond & Co.
Br shin Clan Mac-Dherson, McDonald, Ant
werp; Glrvln & Eyr«. ' -
Fr bark Jules Verne, Cezard, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Br bark Inverlochy, Symmers, Queenstown;
L Kauffman.
sailed;
Friday, February 21.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rival. Olsen. Willapa Harbor. .
Ship America, Harding, Seattle.
Bark J D Peters. Townsend, Seattle.
Brig Galilee, Helllngsen, Mahukona.
Scbr Marion, Topfer, Tacoma. .
MEMORANDUM.
Per ctxnr Point Arena — Too rough to com
plete loading at Mendocino.
Per Mctn Irmgard — Feb 10, off Farallones,
eaw a bark painted lead color, with red bot
tom, bound in.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Feb 21 — Singapore telegraphs Br
etmr Queen Adelaide, from Seattle, arrived
with sundry losses and damages sustained in
heavy -weather; slightly damaged by collision,
also struck on sunken rocks. There is a leak
in her ballast tank. Will decide about repair
ing after the cargo is out.
Ship Acme, bound from New York for Yoko
hama, upon- which was quoted 25 per cent re-
Insurance, arrived off the port of Yokonama
Feb 21.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 21. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 32 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. NKAH BAY — Passed out Keb 21 — Br «htp
Ancaios, from Tacoma, for Queenstown; schr
William Rento, from New Whatcom, for Port
Harford; bktn Klikltat. from Port Ludlow, for
Honolulu; Br bark Falklrk, from Tacoma, for
Queenstown.
Passed Inward Feb 21 — Stmr Waahtenaw.
hence Feb 18, for Tacoma; Ger ship Thelka,
from Yokohama, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 21 — Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Feb 20; stmr Brunswick, hence
Feb 20.
Sailed Feb 21— Schr Mabel Gray, for San
Francisco.
PORT ANGELES — Passed out Feb 21 — Ship
Joseph B Thomas, from Tacoma. for Sydney.
In bay Feb 21— Br bark Antiooe, from Ka
hulul, for Oyster Harbor; Br bark Troop, from
Fusan, Korea, for Royal Roads.
ASTORIA— Sailed Teb 21— Schr Orient, for
fc'an Francisco; bktn Omega, for San Fran
cisco. .
• Arrived Feb 21 — Schr Alcalde, from San
Pedro; schr Antelope, hence Feb 4.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed outward Feb
21 — Br bark Mary A Troop, from Vancouver,
for Philadelphia.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 21— Schr R
C Slade, from San Pedro; schr James A Gar
field, hence Feb 2. ¦-. ¦-•."¦
Balled Feb 21 — Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 20—
Etmr Alcazar, from San Pedro, and sailed for
San Francisco. .
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Santa.
Ana, from Tacoma.
- Sailed Feb 21 — Ship Kennebec. for San
Francisco.
¦ CASPAR— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Samoa, for
Ban Francisco.. .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr BonitaJ
hence Feb 19. and sailed for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 21. 12:05 D m—
Etmr Slfrnol. from Coos Bay, for Redondo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Barbound Feb 21— Stmr
Sequoia.
TACOMA— Arrived Feo 21— Br ship Penryn
Castle, from Seattle; schr Philippine,: from
Port Townsend; bktn Portland, hence 'Jan 20.
Sailed Feb 20— Bktn T P Emigh, for Syd
ney. ¦ ¦ - . ' " ' . . •' ¦ .
Sailed F"eb 21 — Br bark Plnmore, for Queens
town; Br ship Ancaios, for Queenstown; Br
bark Falklrk. for Cork.
PORTLAND— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr G«or«e W
Elder, for San Francieco; stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco; schr Volant, for San Fran
cisco. - -¦"¦
UMPQUA — Arrived Feb IS— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro. 'taiiMmtUedmamtiim^tapaBkmi^tK^tjimmm
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 20— Schr
Robert Lewers, from Honolulu. ¦
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr George"
Loomis. ¦ hence Feb 19. '
EVERETT- Arrived Feb 20 — Schr Ameri
cana., from San Pedro.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Phoe
nix, 1-ence Fab 19. ' r
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 21— Bchr Falcon,
hence Jan 30.. •"* ' ¦
Sailed Feb 21— Schr. Emma Utter, for San
Pedro; s:hr Melancthon. for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKKLEY — Sailed Feb 21 — Schr
¦Win OJeen, . for San Francisco. ! 7"
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 20— Etmr Advance.
•toi' Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Ftb 21— Br etmr Mio
wera. from Sydney. .¦¦-.'•
PORT SAID — Arrived Feb -. 21 — U-. S stmr
Rainbow. --.^p^MsyqMHfPMHCMl
ST LUCIA^-Arrived Feb 20— Stmr American,
hence Dee . 19. ¦ for . New ¦ York, and sailed Feb
20 for New York. ' ,
CUXJIAVEN— Arrived Feb 19— Ger ship
Kctiador, from A « tori a. Keb 20 — Ger ship Ma
bel RicknKW. * from Astoria.' - • • ...
- HONGKONG— Arrived Feb CO— Br stmr Em
prtss of Japan, . from 1 Vancouver.
TALTAL— In port discharging Jan 22 — Chil
bark India, from Port Blakeley. •
¦ FUSAN — Sailed Jan 10 — Br.-bark Troor>. for
Tacoma. '^~'* 4Ma *'lVHBN^WVfi'4HKMpnipMHMMMM
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan ;17— Br etmr<
Acme Arrives Safely.
The overdue American ship Acme ar
rived yesterday at Yokohama: She^^ras
from New York and has been 204 days
making the trip. Twenty per cent rein
surance has been paid on her. i
Fort George Makes Slow Trip.
The British ship Fort George, which ar
rived yesterday at Port Pirie. has made
one of the slowest voyages on record. She
left Chemainus one -hundred and. thirty
seven days ago. Although never placed
on the reinsured list, considerable" anxiety
was felt for her safety, especially as ves
sels leaving this side about the same time
as the Fort George arrived in Antipodean
ports long ago. The average passage for
a sailing vessel from British Columbia to
Port Pirie is about eighty days.
Chinese Runs Amuck on Albatross.
Waii Ping, a Chinese cook on board the
United States ship Albatross, ran amuck
yesterday morning in the men's quarters
and wai about to "shoot up" the berth
deck, when Able Seaman Johnson dis
armed him. Ping likes his opium and.
¦while recovering from a dream, quarreled
with one of the pallors. The sailor laughed
at Ping, and. with merry marine Jest and
an occasional dig in the ribs, riled the
heathen temper. Another Jest and Ping
chased his tormentor for several laps
around the "fish boat's" deck and finally
cornered him on the berth deck. Ping
pulled a revolver and was about to shoot
when Johnson, who was lying In a ham
mock close to Ping's head, with one hand
CTabbed the gun and with thej other
Ping's pigtail. The gun was thrown to
the deck. Johnson then took a couple of
turns In the pigtail and yanked Ping into
the hammock. The seaman proceeded to
juggle Ping on his knees and fists and
had a very weary Chinese on his hands
when the master at arms came along and
took Ping to the guardhouse.
Queen Adelaide's Hard Luck.
The- British steamship Queen Adelaide,
which arrived yesterday at Singapore
from Seattle, had more than one ship's
share of hard luck during the J voyage.
She was battered fore and aft by numer
ous ..norms. Everything on her decks that
Eeas could tear loose was carried over
board. She was in collision and had the
marks to show for It when she reached
Singapore. She also struck some sunken
rocks, as several dented plates testify,
and arrived in port with her ballast tanks
leaking. She will bei.surveyed after her
cargo has been discharged. The repairs
that will be necessary are expected to be
quite extensive.
p»r*^ HE steamship Australia sailed at
| ! 2 o'clock yesterday for Tahiti with
1 1 passengers and a full cargo. As
La, the linor pulled away from the
wharf the skies were black and
tlireatcnins and thc~raln poured down in
torrents. It was a winter picture,, but
Captain Lawless promised his passengers
that within a few days they could wear
duck suits and would appreciate awnings
to shelter them from the sun. Among the
Australia's cargo was about 70JQ pounds
of fresh meat for the Tahig' market/
Thomas McComb has been Appointed
purser of the Australia and was officiating
PS his old office when the vessel sailed.
.Among the cabin passengers v.-ere: M. E.
Vlenot. \V. J: Williams. P. C. Coffin and
A. R. Buckland. She carried ten passen
gers in the steerage.
In Spite of an Inauspicious Start Captain Lawless Promises to
Have His Passengers Wearing- Duck Suits, and Hunting Shel
ter From the Sun in a Few Days— Overdue Ship Acme Arrives
PACIFIC LINER AUSTRALIA STEAMS OUT
DURING A RAINSTORM, BOUND FOR TAHITI
LUNDS SUPPLIES
FOR THE GAUSS
Steamer Tanglin Back
: From, Her Antarctic
Voyage."
Leaves Five Men on Bleak
>' Island to Await German '
Expedition.
BRITISH SHIP THAT HAS JUST COMPLETED THE SLOWEST VOYAGE ON
' RECORD. BETWEEN'CHEMAINUS AND. PORT PIRIE, .TAKING 137 DAYS
TO MAKE THE 80-DAY PASSAGE. ...'..¦
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of ' the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three .tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
\ Chile, for Panama and San Francisco.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 20— Br stmr Lang
bank, from Portland, Or. i".- ; "U?U1: '«
ACAPULCO— Sailed Feb IS— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama. Feb 20— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco. ! _,
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Feb 21— Bktn
Kohala, from Tahiti. . '
Sailed Feb 20— Ship Emily Reed, for Hono
lulu • • =
PORT PIRIE— Arrived ' Feb 20— Ship 'Fort
Georre. from Chemainus. •
MANILA— Sailed Feb" 20— Schr Endeavor,
for Port Towiusend.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived off port Feb 21— Ship
Acme, from New York, for Yokohama.
MAZATLAN — Sailed Feb 20 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Lu
cania, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded without landing mails or passengers. v
BOULOGNE — Sailed Feb 20 — Stmr Amster
dam; from Rotterdam, for "New -York. f ' . ,
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Trave,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York. ,
TO AftRIVE:
' Steamer ; Movements.
The Sydney* Morning Herald, comment-
Ing on the trip, says it is possible .that the
Gauss may have arrived at the island 1 be-'
fore the Tanglhr reached ¦ there. This
would cause a dejay of a year in the work
of the expedition, as it would make the
task of getting southward into the Ice
so much later In the season and per
haps render it impossible until the fol
lowing summer. As for the men left on
the island, they would be marooned for
some time, although, fortunately, not
without food. . ,
Kerguelen Island "is seldom visited. Cap
tain Neuhaus of \ the Tanglin says there
are no trees 1 there— nothing but stunted
vegetation. The land runs almost sheer
from the water's edge. The English ex
pedition which was there in 1874 had left
a number' of rabbits and'these hadmul
tiplied wonderfully. -A few penguins were
caught on shore, but they died on the
voyage to Sydney. A number of cormo
rants were captured and were used as
food by the Chinese servants. Two; Chi
nese died on the island and were burled
there and two others who died on board
were buried at sea. - "V
The . landing of the stores was difficult.
At first, the, officers tried to land their
cargo with two boats lashed together,
but the -seal was -so rough -that this was
found impracticable, and finally the ship
was brought in close to a large rock, by
the waters* -edge and kept off -shore "by
two anchors. The booms for liftingVthe
cargo were unshipped and erected~ashore,
and the crew worked day after day until
the . 500 tons of provisions for. the expe
dition had been landed. 'On December 21
the Tanglin started for Sydney, leaving
the members of the expedition to await
the Gauss. "
VICTORIA, B, C.,' Feb.
able' interest has centered in the" voyaged
of the German ship Gauss and the British
steamer Discovery : to -. the I- Antarctic on
exploring expeditions. >The steamer Mio
wera, which arrived in^port tp;-day ¦-, from
Australia'; brought the first reports 'from
the . German / expedition. .Thi': -steamer
Tariglin,., which, took -stores to ! Kerguelen
Island for the -German South Polar ship"
Gauss, returned to Sydney -.'before', the
liner : sailed.; The Tanglln had landed 88
dogs, coal; stores and building material j
for the Gauss and * debarked two ' of the !
members of the expedition, [ Herr Enzen- i
sperger. and Dr. \ Luyken, together witb>
three Russian dog tenders.. ~ v^ -"•-.
After a stormy trip the Tahgliri arrived,
off Kerguelen Island,' where a landing
was made, the German flag run up, and a
bottle ;left. with instructions for. the com
mander of the Gauss, expedition as to
where | the stores* were : to * be found. ¦ The
two gentlemen of the .. expedition went
ashore and located, a "place for the erec
tion of an observatory.' The house erect
ed by the'-' English', expedition was still
standing, but much out of repair, and it
was decided to removft It and erect a new
one. v .-•-.•.; . ¦ *t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Branch Hydrographic ' Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
•February 21, 1902. '
The Time Ball on the tower of ttie Ferry
building- was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.'
¦-W.-.H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant.' U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
MURDERERS OF RICE
NOT YET. SENTENCED'
SPECTACULAR SUICIDE
OF A SEAFARING MAN
The .trial of Charles Donnelly, also ac
cused of the murder of Rice, was con
tinued before a jury In Judge Lawor's
cour.t yesterday. The witnesses examined
were Walter J. Platt as to his daughter
Erline's sickness ' in the City of Mexico.
Judge Mogan, Police Sergeant C. H. Mc-
Donald and Daniel Long, court stenog
rapher as to. the young girl's testimony
at ¦ the preliminary.' examination and Po
liceman Brown, who hadthe subpena.,to
serve upon the girl. Platt was also ex
amined as to the shooting of- Rice and
gave practically the same testimony as
at the two former trials. . „---
William-Buckley and Thomas Moran,
convicted of the murder of George W.
Rice, the non-union machinist, at the
crossing of Twentieth and Howard
streets, October 11, appeared for sentence
yesterday before Judge Lawlor. At the
request of their attorneys sentences were
postponed till Saturday, March ¦' 1, when
motions for. new trials will be argued.
Before a Jury in Judge Law
lor's Court.
Tiial of Charles Donnelly Continues
The body was liberally tattooed. On the
left, hand, between the thumb -and fore
finger, was a heart and "1846. V On the
left forearm was "N. G. Sims, 1865," and
alongside -it a ship. He was evidently a
seafaring or longshore man, dressed in
his best clothes. " . ¦
Several boatmen grappled for the body
and succeeded in recovering it. When the
clcthing was searched at the Morgue
nothing was found by which the body
could be identified.
' A man believed to be\ N." G.' Sims com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon .in a
spectacular manner on the end of Meiggs
¦wharf. He was seen , to walk a< block
along the seawall; then he went along
Meiggs wharf to the end. He stood on the
stringer, placed the muzzle of a revolver
behind his light ear "and sent a bullet into
his brain. The suicide fell headlong into
the bay. . ' ,. :
'¦', . a'nd ; Sends Bullet ( Tnto His
Walks to the End of Meiggs Wharf
-.. Captain Seymour yesterday detailed De
tective Whittaker to Investigate the case
of William Griffin, a. barber, living at'the
Standard House, 179 Fourth street, who
had. been taken -to the City and County
Hospital Thursday suffering from scalp
wounds. ; f Whittaker ; ascertained - - that
Griffin, while under the influence of liquor,'
went to Martin's • restaurant, on Third
street, : Wednesday, and had a row with
the proprietor, who threw him out,' and le
fell. Later he was , arrested on Fourth
street for drunkenness and spent twenty
four hours in the City Prison. Griffin
blames no one but himself for his trouble.
Thrown Out of a Restaurant.
Every day since nis arrest Simpson has
been visited in the City Prison. by the two
women who claim him as husband. The
women "often meet In the prison. and sit
for hours with Simpson between: them.
The peculiar actions of the trio puzzle the
police officials. Yesterday afternoon th a
women left the prison. together. " '
T. R. Simpson, former bookkeeper for
the ; Moise-Klinkner Company. 320 San
some street, appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday morning to answer six charges
of -misdemeanor embezzlement. . As ¦ he
had been arrested without a warrant, it
was necessary for the Judge on Thursday
to order his release, but he was at once
rearrested : on- warrants which had been
sworn 'to by L.. H. Molse." As " Simpson
was not ¦ ready to proceed, the-. trial was
continued till Monday.
Two Women Who Claim Him
as Husband. V' ;-..'
Ho Is Daily Visited in Prison by the
EOOKKEEPEB SIMPSON. v
APPEARS IN COURT
The pupils of the first and second grades
of St. Peter's Academy gave an enter
tainment- yesterday , afternoon for the
benefit' of the improvement, fund of St
Peter's parlph.Notwithstanding the heavy
rainstorm," St. Peter's Hall on Florida
street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth, was comfortably crowded
by. relatives and friends of the pupils, who
thoroughly enjoyed a r well prepared and
successfully- carried out musical ana
literary programme. .
Bright Young Pupils Entertain.
", Francis J. Carolan, master of San Mateo
Drag Hounds, will entertain the members
of the'Hunt Club at luncheon to-day at
Bur Hngame Country Club. The guest3
will assemble at 1 o'clock. The pack will
be laid on by Huntsman Jerry Keating
at 2:30 p. m. and If weather conditions be
favorable -a large and brilliant field -will
follow, the ' hounds.
Francis J. Carolan to Entertain.
LIBEL FOR SALVAGE— In the libel case
of ¦ John Dolbeer and others ' against thu Aus
trian steamer Maria, the crew of the American
steamship Iaqua intervened yesterday in ¦• the
United States District Court with a. claim for
$500 each for salvage, the totil being $6000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22; 1902.
4
Btramer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
So Portland. Portland & Astoria ....|Feb. 22
Peru China & Japan Feb. 22
Despatch'. .".". San Pedro. . Feb. 22
G.C.Llndauer Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Maiidalay .. Coqullle River Feb. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Feb. 23
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Phoenix Mendoclno City Feb. 23
Crescent City Crescent City . • Feb. 24
S Barbara . . . Redondo Feb. 21
Pomona.. Humboldt Feb. 24
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Feb. 24"
G W Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Feb. 24
North Fork. . Humboldt Feb. 24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 24
Coronado Grays Harbor . . Feb. 24
Progreso Seattle Feb. 24
Newburg San Pedro Feb. i>5
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 25
Argo. Coqullle River ........ Feb. 25
Empire...... Coos Bay ....... Feb. 28
Queen Puiret Sound Ports. . .... Feb.. 2rt
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 26
Alliance Portland & Way Porte. Feb. 2«
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Feb. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena Feb. 27
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports Feb. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Coos Bay San Pedro Se. Way Ports Feb. 28
G. Dollar Huenezne Feb. 28
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Mar. 1
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 1
San Jose 'Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports ..... Mar. 3
Coptic ".. China & Japan ........ Mar. 4
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 4
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar.. 5
.Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin......
Excelsior.:..
Ulrl/ro..:. ...
City Seattle..
Cottnge.Clty.
Al-Ki........
Bkagway & Way Ports. |Feb. ; 22
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 25
Ska k wa y ; He : Way - Ports. ' Feb. - 27
Skagrway 4 Way Ports. | Feb.- 28
SkRRway & Way Ports. j Mar.. i
Skagway & "Way,' Ports. JMar. 1
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
February 22. .
Lakme..... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier. 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 6 pm Pier 16
Pt. Arena . . Point Arena . 2 pm Pier • 2
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul ...... Pier 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
February 23.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coon Bay.. San Pedro ft Way. ft am Pier 11
6. Rosa... 8. Dieeo & "Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
February 24.
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
8. Barbara. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier ' 2
February 20. < f
Phoe'nlx. . . . Mendodno City. ... 3 pmjPler 13
Newburg... Grays Harbor ...•. f> pm Pier 2
C. Nelson . . Seattle & Taeoma. . 10 am Pier - 2
Nippon Mar China & Japan..'..} 1 pm PM8S
City Puebla Pu«t Sound Ports. II am Pier 9
February 20.
Ar&o Coquille River .... 4 pm|Pier 2
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... 6 pmiPier -1
Pomona Humboldt - 1:30 p Pier ' 9
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor :.. Pier —
Fequola.... Grays • Harbor 5 pmPferf2
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. J» amIPler 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 m|Pier 13
- : • February 347. i j • .
Alliance... Portland & Way...). '..... |Pier —
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts | 9 amlPier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 9 amlPier !•
Sonoma Sydney A ¦•Way...-. 10 am Pier 7
Luxor Hamburg: '& Way.; ..v.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
G. W..Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
February; 2S. . .1
G t Dollar . . Grays Harbor ' ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Ean Juan. . Panama' & Way. . t .112 mlPMSS :
March. 2. . *¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ •¦
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Spokane... San Diego &.Way.. 9 am Pier 11
• March 4. ",
Columbia. . Astoria . & Portland 11 ani Pier 24
March 5. -.> * - -•..-.-
Peru....... China ¦&• Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Destination.
Sun rises .".
Sun . sets -
Moon rises (f
ill) ... .".*.'. *.";VV.V.".".".b:bb"
.6:52
?.. m.
O Time * . . j
%• Ft. A!
• L'WI; *J
22 5:00 ~s!o
H W
2.V 0:2B 5.4
24' 1:00 "5.8
•.'5 1:36 5.3
26 1:35 5.3
•JO 2:11 . 5.2
27 2:40 '5.01
28- 3:23 ; 4.S
I Ft. J Ft.'- I 1
iH w ¦ . : l tv( ...•¦. .\n-\x\
11:22 0.6*5:36 ;-0.0 i.I.t
L,W V; H W - L\v
B:CO 1.712:10 5.4 6:16
¦6:30 1.6 12:56 5.1 ;6:5S
7:30 ; 1.6 1:46 4.7
7:30 1.5 l!4fl . 4.7,7:34
8:l£> .1.5 2:40 '4.41,8:12
i »:09 ." 1.4 3:41 4.0| S:5T{
|10:09 1.3 4:4S , 3.7 9:39
I Kt:
i .¦ . - ¦ ¦
j _ ¦ ;
0.4
. 1.0
> 1.0
ni.5
V 1.11
\ 2.3
2.T
jiOTE---2n the above exposition of: the' tided
Btramer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
So Portland. Portland & Astoria ....|Feb. 22
Peru China & Japan Feb. 22
Despatch'. .".". San Pedro. . Feb. 22
G.C.Llndauer Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Maiidalay .. Coqullle River Feb. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Feb. 23
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Phoenix Mendoclno City Feb. 23
Crescent City Crescent City . • Feb. 24
S Barbara . . . Redondo Feb. 21
Pomona.. Humboldt Feb. 24
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Feb. 24"
G W Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Feb. 24
North Fork. . Humboldt Feb. 24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 24
Coronado Grays Harbor . . Feb. 24
Progreso Seattle Feb. 24
Newburg San Pedro Feb. i>5
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 25
Argo. Coqullle River ........ Feb. 25
Empire...... Coos Bay ....... Feb. 28
Queen Puiret Sound Ports. . .... Feb.. 2rt
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 26
Alliance Portland & Way Porte. Feb. 2«
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Feb. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena Feb. 27
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports Feb. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Coos Bay San Pedro Se. Way Ports Feb. 28
G. Dollar Huenezne Feb. 28
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Mar. 1
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 1
San Jose 'Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports ..... Mar. 3
Coptic ".. China & Japan ........ Mar. 4
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 4
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar.. 5
.Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin......
Excelsior.:..
Ulrl/ro..:. ...
City Seattle..
Cottnge.Clty.
Al-Ki........
Bkagway & Way Ports. |Feb. ; 22
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 25
Ska k wa y ; He : Way - Ports. ' Feb. - 27
Skagrway 4 Way Ports. | Feb.- 28
SkRRway & Way Ports. j Mar.. i
Skagway & "Way,' Ports. JMar. 1
Sun rises .".
Sun . sets -
Moon rises (f
ill) ... .".*.'. *.";VV.V.".".".b:bb"
.6:52
?.. m.
O Time * . . j
%• Ft. A!
• L'WI; *J
22 5:00 ~s!o
H W
2.V 0:2B 5.4
24' 1:00 "5.8
•.'5 1:36 5.3
26 1:35 5.3
•JO 2:11 . 5.2
27 2:40 '5.01
28- 3:23 ; 4.S
I Ft. J Ft.'- I 1
iH w ¦ . : l tv( ...•¦. .\n-\x\
11:22 0.6*5:36 ;-0.0 i.I.t
L,W V; H W - L\v
B:CO 1.712:10 5.4 6:16
¦6:30 1.6 12:56 5.1 ;6:5S
7:30 ; 1.6 1:46 4.7
7:30 1.5 l!4fl . 4.7,7:34
8:l£> .1.5 2:40 '4.41,8:12
i »:09 ." 1.4 3:41 4.0| S:5T{
|10:09 1.3 4:4S , 3.7 9:39
I Kt:
i .¦ . - ¦ ¦
j _ ¦ ;
0.4
. 1.0
> 1.0
ni.5
V 1.11
\ 2.3
2.T
jiOTE---2n the above exposition of: the' tided
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
February 22. .
Lakme..... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier. 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 6 pm Pier 16
Pt. Arena . . Point Arena . 2 pm Pier • 2
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul ...... Pier 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
February 23.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coon Bay.. San Pedro ft Way. ft am Pier 11
6. Rosa... 8. Dieeo & "Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
February 24.
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
8. Barbara. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier ' 2
February 20. < f
Phoe'nlx. . . . Mendodno City. ... 3 pmjPler 13
Newburg... Grays Harbor ...•. f> pm Pier 2
C. Nelson . . Seattle & Taeoma. . 10 am Pier - 2
Nippon Mar China & Japan..'..} 1 pm PM8S
City Puebla Pu«t Sound Ports. II am Pier 9
February 20.
Ar&o Coquille River .... 4 pm|Pier 2
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... 6 pmiPier -1
Pomona Humboldt - 1:30 p Pier ' 9
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor :.. Pier —
Fequola.... Grays • Harbor 5 pmPferf2
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. J» amIPler 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 m|Pier 13
- : • February 347. i j • .
Alliance... Portland & Way...). '..... |Pier —
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts | 9 amlPier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 9 amlPier !•
Sonoma Sydney A ¦•Way...-. 10 am Pier 7
Luxor Hamburg: '& Way.; ..v.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
G. W..Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
February; 2S. . .1
G t Dollar . . Grays Harbor ' ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Ean Juan. . Panama' & Way. . t .112 mlPMSS :
March. 2. . *¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ •¦
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Spokane... San Diego &.Way.. 9 am Pier 11
• March 4. ",
Columbia. . Astoria . & Portland 11 ani Pier 24
March 5. -.> * - -•..-.-
Peru....... China ¦&• Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Destination.
The Bad Boy^ Bowel Blessing
/ Nature punishes every excess, not only of ' the bad boy, but of. ourselves. as
well. "Over-eating, over-drinking, under-sleeping result in* bowel troubles liable
'_^ rf*" 1^':' -'* --to become serious.'- '. • ¦ :
. J&S ' Jkfifc^ -' "My children vrtll take Cascarots sooner than any other
JE&? . ¦ -^fe^sk medicine."— llr». Frank Mumert, Princeton. 111.
iJE^^ jfC \Jl ."I am now using Cascaretn in my family and thev ar«
/gr • /^«e **r wonderful among children." .-•. . •- ,. .^.
lgjf> lS*f*^ A. ¦ ' b * —Le* D. Thompson. Portsmouth, Va.
fSgff , 4f/nL\ >VV. 1 "Our little girl was troubled with. coa3t!patlon forever
ma£ //m VlJ \ vV. two >' ea ™- Cascarets eured her. They are also the beet
win £§&/ r^ \£&J k *Oi remedy for colds we ever used."
MjnMw . /,%, S^lr illl "' Te nse^ Cascarets and have found them a most
final VVir 1 - //ift fl excellent remedy for both myself and mv children."
«mi2| "^"^^^fer^X /7TF h -Mrs. Bridget McCrogson, 36S Bead St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
W%w*3T ' Z^ r\ ' * J ¦ | "Casearets^^ are the easiest medicine to give to children
¦ZiV 4t*-i~*\ '¦• Vlf : ~ Mrs - E - B*lHy." *581 Calvin St., Pittsburg, Pa.
It >~~^Sl. *" ; It ; "Cascareta are wonderfully good for children." : ¦ •
P VV -Mrs. Wm. Koan, Catamount. N. T.
J Vss^ o!^ e h * T * ns f, d Casc »retn for three y^arg tor th«
I jj" children as well as ourselves. They do Just wh»«
4fKftfV^ e ='^~Zr Ai I Jjr thev are recommended to do."
/Jf -— ¦— — ilrs. P. M. Kolline. 41« DocV St., Stoubenvllle, O.
y v " JIr two boy * think C&scorets are csndy. I jievrr
/. * >«r ' I llavo to insist on their, taking them: I sl«p with
VA-". •;/'¦ ' / *v bo ? J ?* Cascarets under; my pillow. No homo
r [I/ / v ahonld be without them." ¦ ,
\*f > \ —Mrs. G. A. Prescott. Chicago. 111.
, Jlj. /#l'W^r^^^ • ¦"•'VV '¦¦ ,"Cascaret« nre the most plensant remedy I have
-i \ X s *^V^^^Ll I •W«»ed..'rne only trouble I have with them is to
S« ! I ' ' : W S\ ¦ I '- n ' '^VLl: ' **?P th ? •W'*"" from tsklne too many."
S^ll #-'"/[ I » • 7/ ; — Mrs. Jenaio P. Mitchell. >•:=>¦.'.-.;- '
•¦•'Haft S^J \ "'•- y - ' 1013 Locust Street, rittsbnre. Pa.
9 7 OuM. "I ham nevpr ns»<1 any remedy that has been a3
jf ,| 2ocd as Csscercts. Have to keep them hidden from
JmBmm*™*^^ ~&\^ / . my little boy, as he etts them HVe candy.".- -•¦ ¦¦
'¦'. .]^-*'*' ". '. —Mrs. Robt. O. Fay. Goes*. Ohio.
'"•••-;' Every Rood, healthy, heart'yboy, is sonntiriies a bad boy^bad to himself; and
¦will;do;things inj the} green, ; apple,; mince ¦ pie or! other. 'over-eating line .that will
twist his bowels; "Men 'arc only boys grown" tall; In such a case what', is needed
is ; not ' a violent ;physic that w 2*1'; rack ! the ;-' tender; bowel -tissues/but Cascarets
Candy, Cathartic,", gentle but sure .to. act atlonce and : put things "right. They
are the most perfect medicine ia the world for. all forms of indigestion r- dvsnets^ia
and constipation r- 1 ' "^ ' - - .- : . ;"
YalfT\A*"riTB '"O^'ri'' : 8t for ! he BoweIs - An drucgists. :oc, 25c, soc"- Never sold'.Tj Jjulk.
. KVvtfWV wWtf ' The genuine; tablet 'tamped C C C. 7: Guaranteed to cure or your r.-.onev
-.-.I- -^^ n JJ»' *^ ' back. Sample and K cok.«-t free.." AtSdress -r. ¦•'¦;¦"; ...'.•.••_-••¦ ¦"
Tii 'iSfiTivw— ¦ .Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago cr Hew York. ~r-~.*U
' . " - .' ' ' ¦ ¦ " "
¦ ¦ " •^•'"•ADVEBTISEJCEMTS.
StATEmEINT
- . ' — OF THE— ¦ -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• -— OF THE-7—
SECUeiTY TRUST
1IFE INSURANCE
COMPANY-
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
that day: made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements jf section 013 of the Political Code
ot said State. • • J.'\
. '¦ .. ; ;. CAPITAL. .
Amount,- of Capital Stock paid up -
in Cash .:............• ....> 500,000.00
'' ' ¦.•:'¦.'.'.•".¦¦'• ¦-. assets. "~
Net value of Real Estate <w^:.
> by the Company .. -'• JU033.000.C0
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate.. 123,600.00
Premium' note and loans in any
form taken In payment of pre-
miuma on policies now in force.. 50.35S.4S
Cash market value of all Stocks r ~ \
''and 'Bonds owned by the. Com- '
pany ' ..... ..».....- -~: 211.936.00
Amount of ' Cash on hand in Com-
- panv's"otflce- ...f... •• 611. OS
Amfiunt of .caah dei>osited tn Banks 32.332. 5.'i
Interest, due . and accrued — 9.445.70:
Agents'. Ledger: Ealances 36,395.22
Net amount of -premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and- of de- *
f erred . premiums ......'.'..¦ 104.1S3.1S
Cash 'loans -to* policy- holders on
- this Company's policies as-
' signed -as collateral 30,526. 30
Chestnut-Street National Bank... 12.641.63
Total Assets ..' *. .$l,«77,030.16
•1 Liabilities. ;. .
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments tn process of
-adjustment, or adjusted but not
due ..I... $ 60,335.34
Claims resisted by the Company.. 25.500.0u
Net present value~of all the out-
standing policies. , computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables pf Mortality, with
four per cent Interest 1.126.203.72
Taxes Bills, etc 1.8SS.08
Present value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies. 23,334.00
All other liabilities 17,215.01
Total Liabilities $1,263,476.15
. .. : V.-, ';--. INCOME. - - •• ~
Cash received for premiums on ; .""¦
new policies. during the year. ,...$, 151,041.02
Cash received f or -renewal' of pre-
. miums during the year .- 631,701.49
Cash received for interest 22,200.83
Cash received for rents 163,175.53
' Received for reinsuring risks of *
American Union Life Ins. Co.... 206,611. S3
Received from all other sources.. 1,816.75
Total Income -.11.177,537.47
, EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments .• $ uCO.572.62
Cash paid for surrendered policies. 13.336.C0
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 146.32
Commissions paid to agents 134,025.70
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except - •
agents and medical examiners.. • 37.0S5.75
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies ........ 3,246.46
Medical examiners' j fee3 and sal-
, aries 15.8S7.52
Cash paid for taxes.. 18,306.42
Cash paid for rents 22,310.05
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions 3.700.00
All other cash payments (specify- •. —
ing) ....: •:.. 243.40O.4a
Total expenditures during
..'_'¦ the year $ t992.947.S0
ROBERT E: PATTISON.' President.
O. A. CRAINE, Secretary.
r Subscribed and sworn to before me this Stb
day of February, 1902. » . —
VINCENT BOSEMON. '
. Commissioner fcr California in New York.
' GOHOERHCE A AND UBINAR7 DI3CH ARSE3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
. . 0CEAN TBAVEL.
'|^» SAILINGS.
U*«ZJaaifc*^-— THE FIRST CLASS
' \\ S.S. F*ORTLA!MD
tt\ - WILL SAIL FOR
L.eavins S=n Francisco Aorll lO'.h
Leaving Seattle.. "......... Ajril 2oil»
For Freleht' and P&ssase Apply to
ORTHERN GOMMEReiAL CO.,
045 Market St.; San Francisco •-- "¦ ' -
"r KMI'IKB TRANSPORTATION CO Pu-et
Souml.Arrpnt. Seattl*-. Wash. .
"Winter Trail Row Open te
KomerTeller and Sf. Michael
.Fcr passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY; .
..... ... . Croek«r" building.
••'-: Operating; stage : lines between' .lllamu Ka.v
and; nbove points. . . - '^T,
OCEAN TBAVEL. * .
Pacific Goast Steamship Co.
TL Steamers leave Broadway
I y>^ . Wharf, San Francisco:
**&$>»««. *'or Ketchlkan. Juneau.
fcr£s>*vk_ Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
K^>-5^V^ ™.. Feb. 3. 10. 15. 20. 23.
P^\»^{fl\^l -March 2. Changre to com-
¦ R??&\*>**1 par.y's steamers at Seattle.
f^SSjgjttiW Kor Victoria, Vancouver.
" ' Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
! S3^ coma. Kverett. New What-
com— 11 a. mf Feb &, 10. 15. 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. X. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to U. P. Ky.: *t Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — l:J0 p. m..
Feb. I. 6. 11. 16. 21. 2% March 3.
For San Dieeo^ stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Loa Angeles and Rgdcndo (Los An-
KeiesV- Steamer Spokane. - Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
. For Lcs Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Santa- Barbara. Ventura. Hu«-
neme.Ka.3t San Pedro. San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonita only). • -.•; .. _
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27. March 7.
Coca Bay, 9 a. m.. Feb. 7. 15. 23. March 3.
For Ensenada, Magdaler.a Bay. San Jose del
Cabc. Mazatlan. Altata. La-Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
room*.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing- dates. • - • -
TICKET OFFICE — * ?»e w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKLN'S & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR—
SENATOR JTXE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA ..JUNE 7
StsaivMpa CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving san Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
sjyctivety. connect with above steamers. Tha
steamships* Senator and State of California
made regular trips to Nome last year, lana-
Ing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Office, i New Montgomery st. (Palace
Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen!. Agents,
• 10 Market St., San Francisco.
O.R.& /V. CO.
"" Only BtoamaTilp Xjln* *e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And 6hor* Rail I.tns fpom Port!-»nd to all
point* Ea«t. Through Ticks;.-* t-> all
. . *po:n*«. •••' r^'i m» «te»m = hit> «nH pail, a:
STSAMEB TICKBT3 lNCLUDB BSRTU uxi X2AIA
S3. COLUMBIA Sails... .....*........... .v" <
•.'....... ...Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14.' 24
S3. GEO. XV. ELDER Sails. .....,.'..
F«b. 17. 27: Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer nail* from foot of Sp«ar at.. 11 a. m.
t>. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 MontifT. S. F.
TOYO fISENIAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COxt-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
| necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARL* ,
Tuesday, February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday, March 21st. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. \ For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Jiamburg-Jkmericcm.
twiv.^'-REW "-XPi?*? "? <:ervpp
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG*
DEirr v.HL-*M>, *!*tfCH. 1 i. 3.30 P iw
A v v J£ crla v;;;V >r11 1 <>H>sut«*iand...ADi4i jf
I WIN. . RF.W PV -«-N F C .R FRVirE
-PLYMOUTH— CHERBOtTRG— HAMBURG. '
•Palatla March liPTetoria. March 15
Pennsylvania. March ,SlMoltka.. •.„.... March 2»
•To Hamburz direct.
Hnmh«r/1-Am*rxan Line, 37 BVav. IV Y. '
HERZOG & CO.. Genera] Agents forVacifle
Coast. 401 California St.. San Francisco.
1- StJ£EOr IW2 TOTMITU
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck- :
land and Sydney j.Thurs.. Feb. 27 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu... .' .
' March 8 "2"d m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
•-•••• Saturday, March 29. 10* a', m.
1 0. SPH£CJt£lS 4 BROS. CO., fism igantj, 327 larU tl
Fan'i Psssangsr CtSce, 643 HarH St, Pier Ho. 7. PasSe St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVI6ATI0H CO.
And Cia M Americana lo Vapors;
To Valparaiso. ' stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American- ports* Sailing from Ho*.
and 3, p*er 10, 12 m.
PALENA ...March i TUCA PEL.
SANTIAGO.. March 23 GUATEMALA* '—
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.)- Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street
BALFOUK. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gan. Agent*.
PANAMA R,R, : S'
TO NEW YOBX VIA. PANAMA DIRECT.
CaMa, 5105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, . Mar. 24
S. S. /rfiyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 33O Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Axont.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON
St. Louis.Feb. 26,10am St. Paul. Mar. 12.10an»
Ptalladel.. Mar. O, 10am. St. Lculs. Mar.19 Item
-• ;;•* tiau 5.1ACLIN5
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Friesland, Feb.2H,nooniVaderland. Mar.12 noon
Southwark. Mar. 5. noon I Kens' gton. Mar 1» noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO*
,- . " „ .« CHAS D - TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
COMPiSSri CEKSaAK lEAKaATlaSTlQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^.
Satlinc every Thursdar. instead* of jCcciSi
Saturday." at 10 a. m.. from pier 42,
Nortil River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward.' Second
class to Havre; $43 and upward. 1 GEXSRAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. . «2 . Broad-way (Hudson building) New
York. J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents. 5 Stontsomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlcketa sold by alt Railroad Ticket Agents.
BA^AND RIV2R STEAMERS.
FOR D. S. KAVf ¦•YA3V m VALLEJ3
: 'S\eain3rj G5.f F?lI33i •: o;
' 0:43 a. m...5:l,"» and S:.10 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves^
Vallejo T a. m.. 12:30 neon. « p.' m.. excep: -
Sunday. Sunday, .7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
tents. - Telephone "Matn 150S Landing and
S?2?fa' pl * r 2 * Miaslon-atreet | dock. - HATCH
faii.ua. BBHHK9H
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of y&~^^^f.
Terr sxzall and as easy
to take as sugar. . ,•.-. )
SEE IpAinTP'Ql™ HEADACHE - SEE
OCC UAKItKo FOR DIZZINESS.
fITTIE FOH BIUOUSNESS. nrMMlHP
VFR FOR TORPID LIYEB. GENUINE
- PI LLS F0H CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPPP H m FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
WM£$- 1^^ IFOR THE COMPLEXiSB VYOArrLn
¦FK.nsrTEID- O2X REP PAPER."STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 2L—
Clarence Eddy, conceded to be America's
leading organist, visited the university to
day and during the noon hour played on
the large pipe organ in the memorial
church. Mr. Eddy expressed himself as
particularly well pleased with the instru
ment, and may return to give a recital at
Mrs. Jordan's request on March 10. He
left this afternoon for Los Angeles.
Clarence Eddy Visits Stanford.
ELKO, Nev., Feb. 21.— WUlIam Shanks,
who was Indicted by the Grand' Jury at
Cadiz, Ohio some time ago on a charge
of grand larceny and escaped from jail,
was captured fifty miles west of here,
near Palisade, yesterday by Constable
McCoy and lodged in the Elko jail. Last
night he, with another prisoner, attempt
ed to escape, but their plans were frus
trated by a "trusty," who Informed the
jailer. Shanks admits he is the man
wanted and Sheriff Carvin of Cadiz Is
now on his way hither to take him back
to Ohio. He has already served one term
in the Ohio penitentiary.
v
Ohio Criminal* Captured.
On the Sunday before Dr. Chisholm left
the Indians celebrated their escape from
the epidemic with tribal ceremonies,
which included the marriage of five
couples and the baptism of six other
couples.
TACOMA, Feb. 21.— Dr. Mary Chisholm
has just returned to Juneau from Hoonah,
¦where she went at the request of Gov
ernor Brady to stamp out smallpox, which
has been epidemic there for a number of
months. She attended nine cases of viru
lent smallpox and vaccinated nearly 150
members of the tribe. There were no
deaths while she was there. Under her
direction every house in- Hoonah was
scrubbed and thoroughly disinfected. She
says the Hoonaih Indians are very clean
ly, have well-arranged houses and are
v.'ell advanced in matters of civilization.
To this she attributes the email number
of deaths occurring since the tribe con
tracted smallpox from the Sitka Indians
early last summer. She was bravely as
sisted in her* work by Rev. John Carle,
a missionary who is devoting his life to
the betterment of the Hoonah and sur
rounding tribes.
Dr. Mary CMsholm's Good Work
Among the Hoonahs.
* CHECKS SMALLPOX FULGTJE.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 22.— Rev. J. S. Suc
chesl, In charge of the Holy Cross Mis-
Eion in Alaska, has made an appeal for
aid for the plague stricken and destitute
Eskimos, who were great sufferers from
the plague that swept over northern
Alaska last year. The letter, which was
eddressed to Father Kenna of Santa
Clara, and which was more than four
months on its way, is as follows:
. ¦ Holy Cross Mission,
Koeerefsk}- Postoffice, Alaska,
.October S. 1901.
Rev. R. E. Kenna. S. J. — Rev. and Dear
Father in Christ: The Alaska Mission of the
Yukon finds itself in sore need of help, owing
to a devastating plague, which has raged late
ly among: the Ksiumcs, and which in a short
tirr.s carried off one-half of the population.
It would be too long to describe, the tale cf
horror witnessed by the missionaries during
Oie plague. Sufflce it to eay that the well
oaee fled from chelter, from food and from
home, abandoning the eick to their fate, amidst
the unburied remains cf the dead and expou
ins themselves to the horrors of starvation.
'Xhe missionaries exerted themselves to their
utmost nursing the sick, assisting the dying:,
burying: the aead and distributing with un
sparing hand every means at command, leav
ing the mission exhausted and in a crippled
condition, struggling to keep on with its work
and its schools. We cannot think of aban-
Conmgr the field or of sending adrift the or
r^aris whom the fearful plague left upon' qur
uands, but we ehall continue the work begun
confiding in God's providence and trusting in
the efficacy of this appeal to your generosity.
Hoping you will contribute something and pray
Ijt the conversion of these natives, I am sin
cerely jours in Sacred Heart of Jesus,
REV. J. S. SUCCHESI, S. J.
Contributions can be sent to Father
Kenna or direct to the mission.
Special Dispatch to TJi* Cull.
Disease Destroys Half ... of
Alaska's Native Popu
lation.
Missionaries Send Har
rowing Appeal for
Assistance.
ESKIMOS FLEE
FROM PLAGUE
FIND AN ABSENIO LEDGE
IN CASCADE .* MOTJNTATNS
Mining Men Believe : tho . Deposit ; to
Be* the Largest in the
World.
TACOMA, Feb. i 21.— J. J. . Davis and
other J mining men have ; uncovered a de
posit of ~ crude . arsenic in • i the Cascade
Mountains, which Is • believed ' to . be a
world beater of its. kind. The, ledge Is
fifty-six feet thick and has been stripped
for 700 feet. '¦ The i deposit is believed to
extend further. The • ledge is ¦ on Mineral
Creek," fifty ¦ miles southeast of .Tacoma.
Local mining ¦ men , assert « that no such
body of arsenic ore has ever before been
discovered in any part of the world.*'
•Davis, who has been investigating the
property, believes that the arsenic la a
water deposit' , forced up •between -the
rocks during past ages. by. Immense press
ure "from' Mount; -Tacoma, 1 , when that
mountain .was an < active , volcano. , For
many years ; the world's supply of arsenic
has come from/ Cornwall.- England,- where
arsenic is found mixed .with tin and-cop
per. During late years the supply - there
has 'lessened and values have risen.
INTEBTBIBAIi MASSACRES
ON • SOUTH SEA ISLANDS
White Missionary Barely Escapes
Murder at the Hand3 of a
Native.
VICTORIA. B. C. Feb. 21.— From the
islands of the south seas the Mlowera to
day brought news of further Intertribal
fights between the blacks. The steamer
Mambare/ which arrived at Sydney from
an Island cruise, reported that while she
was at Santo a fight occurred there. A
party of head hunters stole into the vil
lage of the home tribes at night and
slaughtered a number, of natives, carry-
Ing away the heads, as is the custom. In
revenge for this attack; a march waa
made by tho villagers through the bush
to the village from which the flrst expedi
tion came and seven men were killed and
eaten.
The Mambare reported that Mr. Ander
son, assistant to Dr. McKenzle, the mis
sionary at < Santo, was attacked while
visiting a native village and had a nar
row ' escape. He was within . a few yards
of one of the huts when a native stepped
out ' and pointed a gun at him. The na
tive pulled the "trigger, but -the. cap waa
damp and the - gun . missed fire. ' Mr. ' An
derson took to his heels and escaped. *
\. The. report .also shows that another di
rector Of the bank was liable to the bank
as payer for $23,000/ whereas the complaint
says • the ; true amount . should have been
$45,412 20. ' F. C' Andrews as indorser wa*
reported to be liable for $37,000, when the
complaint, says he should be liable In this
capacity/ for $142,432 45. The report indi
cated that Andrews was not liable in ,any
amount for overdraft,'- whereas, the com-,
plaint says, his account was overdrawn
$149,133 55. • The complaint charges that
these discrepancies were- made with tho
intent of deceiving the bank examiners.
•- The report gave th© amount of .currency
as $140,585, when the true, amount. accord-
Ing to the complaint, was $40,062 50. ¦ ¦ Tho
amount of gold coin given in the report
as held In the bank was $28,292 50, while
the complaint declares the true amount
was' $6670. The amount o/ silver was given
in the report at $19,102 15 inste%d of
$7036 50. the true amount/ according. to the
complaint. The J amount of < commercial
deposits recorded In the report was $745,
827 65, whereas the complaint declares the
right figure to have been $943,287. - The
report indicated that F. C. Andrews was
not liable in any amount to the bank as
payer, .when, the' : complaint .declares, he
really was liable at that time for $92,800.
The complaint recites that the -report
set forth that there was $S0,S95 74 In banks
in reserve cities, ¦whereas the true amount
was $236,895 74. The report states that
there was in other banks $36,750 67, when,
the complaint states, there was but $15,
750 67. The report states that in exchange
for clearing-house there was $97,596 90, and
of. checks, cash items, interest and rev
enue accounts ?082 79, when the proper
amount for these two items should have
been $32,368 74. /
Andrews was arraigned ' in the Police
Court and his counsel asked that he" be
released under this charge on his personal
recognizance, In view of the fact that the
bail on the two former complaints against
him. totals 525,000; arid Is . ample. Judge
Whelan declined to grant the request and
fixed the bail at $50,000. This was not
furnished. Andrews' examination was
set for February 28, the date of his ex
amination on -the other two complaints.
¦ The complaint made to-day alleges falsi
fication'of the report which was supposed
to show the condition of the bank at the
close, of business February 5, 1901. The
complaint charges that the loans and dis
counts in the alleged falsified reports were
$15,000 out of the way. In tho matter x>f
overdrafts the report -stated • that they
amounted to $193 58, whereas the books
show, • according • to ¦ the complaint, that
they amounted to $198,987 58.
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. 21.-A' third war
rant was Issued to-day for Frank C. An
drews, vice president of the City Savings
Bank, which Is : In the hands of a re
ceiver, on a complaint charging, him, to>
gether with another officer of the bank,
for whom a warrant was also issued, with
making a false report, on the bank's con
dition. : ~ -
James Wilson, a confirmed petty larcen
1st, who was convicted of petty, larceny,
second offense, also appeared : for sen
tence. There were twenty-five prior con
victions agaln3 1 him for petty larceny and
one for grand larceny. Judge Dunne sen
tenced him to five years' imprisonment In
San Quentin.- -<SEHH
Nicholas Newman, convicted on a
charge of grand larceny, was sentenced
by Judge Dunne to ten years' imprison
ment at Folsom. . On the night of Decem
ber , 23 - Newman snatched a purse from
Mrs. Amelia Carey on Grant avenuei
Emll« Basso, IS years of age. who was
convicted of grand larceny, wa s sent to the
lone Reform School. Hans Miller, 19 years
of age, . convicted on a similar charge,
--will be sentenced Monday.
Thieves Sentenced.
Judge Cook said that from the evidence
he felt something had been done to make
the defendant leaver the room and go for
his pistol. It was a pity that he ever re
turned to It. It might be that he simply
got the pistol to preserve order or to In
timidate Griffin, as he had stated. If so
there were extenuating circumstances.
The remark made by the defendant In
stantaneously with the report of the pis
tol—"My God, I did not intend to kill
him"— showed that he meant what he
said, as there was no time to concoct
anything. The jury by Us verdict had ac- .
quitted him of malice. Technically the de
fendant was guilty of manslaughter, and
by the verdict of the Jury the law had
been vindicated. The defendant was not of
the criminal class, and there was no rea
son why society should require his long in
carceration. He was strongly ot the belief
that the shooting was accidental, and he
thought a sentence of five years' impris
onment in San Quentin would be ade
quate.
Gillesple said, "I thank your . Honor,"
when . the sentence was pronounced.
Former Judge Ferral, counsel for i de
fendant, asked for a stay of six days,
which was granted.
Before God I did not intend to kill that
man. My sole object was to intimidate him
and I was horrified . when the pistol exploded.
Three years ago whtn I was taking part in an
election campaien 1 was held up and ' robbed
on my way home from the California Hotel
and I bought - that pistol. I placed it in my
de3k and never had occasion to use It from
that time till the night of the shootlne of
Griffin. ' I call God to witness that I am in
nocent of that man's blood and I beg your
Honor to be merciful in passing Judgment upon
me. SS2flB
When George D. Glllesple, ¦who was con
vited of manslaughter for shooting and
killing; William F. Griffin In a. lodging
house at 119 Ninth street street August
17 last, appeared for sentence yesterday
Judge Cook asked him if he had anything
to say why sentence should not be passed
upon him. Gillesple then made an impas
sioned appeal, saying:
Goes to San Quentin for
Five Years for Kill
ing Griflkr.
President.
Third Warrant Issued
for a Bank's Vice
GILLESPIE GETS
LIGHT SENTENCE
REPORT FALSE
SAY ACCUSERS
' Better and cheaoer t than . coal ; : no screening,
no •waste. '*. Tour^ coal dealer • sells » Teala . Bn
quettcs; all .one sire. Phone South. 85 'about
[: $9.00 Per Ton $0.00
'Appointed ¦ Prison; Physician.
"SANTA, CRUZ, Feb. 21.— Dr. B. ,'A.
Plant *ofT;thls' ;clty;' has been appointed
Resident; Physician \ in i Folsom^prlson * at
a salary of $1500 a year.
- Rev. M. . P.- Smith," C, s:. P., will preach
the second of his series u of Lenten J ser
mons" at St. Mary's (PauHst)" Church? at
the ' 11 o'clock mass to-morrow. His ; re
marks ¦ wil be : based . on the subject'- VUn^
belief." -¦:¦-¦' _ '. "¦> / " - ; • -
To Preach on Unbelief.
Henry -A. Schulze lectured } before ..the
Architectural Club at 14 McAllister street
last night on "General Office Practice.'.'
The lecture was the flrst of a series that
will be : given to the club . members by
architects, senior draughtsmen . and scien
tific . men. > t38E£l£mi^i[§9Ki&EBfllBB9
Architectural Club Lectures.
John Keenan was arrested last night
by Detectives Regan and O'ConneH and
charged at the Southern station /with
grand larceny. About, a week "ago .two
valuable lifting jacks ,. were stolen
from a foundry at the Potrero. . The orfl- :
cers located them In Curtln's junk store
at 1127 Market street,. and learning that
Keenan had sold them to' the Junk "dealer^
they arrested him. v • * ;
Charged' With I#arceny.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand
Army , of the U , Republic,, gave a Martha
Washington . party in Pioneer -Hall , last
night in honor of birthday.*
All the ladles of the . circle were j attired
in costumes 'of the days of Martha Wash
ington. There was a pleasant programme
'of entertainment,- which Included a ballad
by Mrs. 'Daisy Bishop Williams: recita
tion, Mrs. Goodrich ; fancy dance ; Lily
McDonald; vocal solo, Mrs. Daisy Swable
whistling: solo. Miss Husing; exhibition
dance. Miss Pullen; cornet solo, Miss
Hattie Lovejoy, and the minuet, Miss
Viola Allan and Gilbert Allan. .
Martha Washington Party."
SAN JOSE, Feb. ) 21.— The. Calif ornia Mo
bile ; Company; Iwhich:; recently" organized
here and promised: to revolutionize subur
ban : travel, : has ; come t to .;¦ grief ', and sus
pended operations, /temporarily/ at ; least.'
Orlando, Stevens rand: Colonel Cotton" of
Oakland were the ¦. promoters of the ¦ com
pany.: and they^ procured a. dozen large
automobiles ' from the East. 2 R. C. • Kirk
woodr a capitalist, residing near Mountain
View,'; advanced $12,000 or $15,000, :; it , being
ur.QerstoodHhat : other moneyed ¦ men were
ready tto» invest- in sthe '""enterprise/. No
more fmoney : was obtained,! however,; and
a" crisis in \ the ¦ affairs of the -company oc
curred^this ,week;'i It Is ? said ¦ that Klrk
¦wood,' being .the 'only ::.:: one. '^advance
money,' refused - to : allow, the' machines •, to
be used ; until ;more stock > sold, a Now
Kirkwood" has i taken; nine :of v.the'> large
; machines,' worth"; about $14,000,"and ; stored
1 them away in; a ; stable * on ; South Second
f s-treet,'" and "the > smaller ; machines ¦ , have
;been shipped: to Oakland. :;;.,.. ; .
Mobile Company : in Trouble.
The San Francisco News Letter has got
ten out a rarely, good . number this week.
As it is published on Washington's birth-,
day, there Is a humorously satirical poem
addressed i to: the ; ghost of Washington.
AV. O. McGeehanhas'an excellent^ and In
teresting article on r Amerlcan husbands
and Filipino wives. "The Alimentary Ad
viser," -by V.* Shaw, is a humorous story
of a rich man who was too lazy to choose
his meals and had a: secretary- for that
purpose. "Human' Fallings" is ' a' gentle
lan.poon : at some- of mankind's
The News Letter, is not abating f Its.vigor
ous fight against Chinese exclusion. The
Town Crier department fairly, sizzles, and
the • Looker i On . Is longer and better than
usual. Every department is ably handled.*
To-Day's JSTews Letter.
Manager Smith served creditably, as
toastxnaster. : A. G. Arnold responded to
the toast, "Our Honored President, John
A. McCall," and - E. C. : Frost spoke of
"The Tather of Our . Branch/ Office Sys
tem, George W.- Perkins." Miss Zellah E.
Smith recited' in good style, VKing.Vol
mer and Elsie," and B. F.-Ledford spoke
on "The .Only Real Fraternal ¦ Organiza
tion." Other speakers were: C.'F. Kam
man, I* "W. McGlauflin, Dr.W. E. Smith,
A. D. Cajal and C. W. Rlffee. Those pres
ent were: Dr. and Mrs. : W. E. Smith,
Mr and Mrs. L. W. McGlauflin, Mr. and
Mrs. C.. \V.. Riffee, Mr. and Mrs. A. D.
Cajal. Mr. and Mrs. J. D Galdsoel, Mr.
and Mrs. E. C. Frost, Mr. and- Mrs. B.
R. Kelll, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Keill, Mr.
and Mrs. B. F. Ledford, Mr.' and Mrs.. P.
Kamman, Mr. and. Mrs. C.'.H. Sunder
land, Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Stlnson; Mr. and
Mrs. Ernest R. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
ward Sauter. Miss Zellah E. Smith, Mrs.
A. H. Mills, Miss .May- Wyckoff, A. G.
Arnold, Miss Evelyn Broje, George W.
Smith. J. B. Adams, J. N. Power ari'l
Miss ThomDson. - ': : f39HMBH
The banquet given by Ernest R.' Smith,
agency manager of the New York Life
Insurance Company, to the employes of
Golden Gate j branch of .that company in
this city in the conservatory at the Pal
ace Hotel last night was a most enjoy
able affair to all present. Covers for
forty, were laid. . A rich menu, was dis
cussed and throughout the. dinner music
was furnished by the Fachutar mandolin
orchestra. ' ¦'-*••• * ¦ • > ¦>-' - -
Are Guests of -Ernest R.
''> 'M - Smith. -
Attaches of New . York Life Company
_Tou were absent from the meetlnr of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. . As all of the
other members of the Board of Supervisors
have voted upon this resolution, ' the people arl
Interested in knowing your position.' Were-
Bpectfully^ask you , how you would. have voted
had you been present? '. . - eu
1 Mr.' Sanderson evidently did not like
the tone > of Troy's letter, for. in ¦ reply to
Troy's note he said: .-. ->-, •
I cannot understand the nerve which would
prompt nuch a letter. My absence from tho
meeting was occasioned by illness. What I
h.f^'n'U^wh 01 ' 6 J been there is no one's
business. When at a meeting my vote ¦ is al
ways given. ISTever have I asked to be excused v
N< £ t? X v care to d0 ' gallery , play when una :
voldably absent from a meeting by saylrtg what'
I would have done had I been there and vote"
Just what will-come of the. affair is. as
yet a matter of speculation. ••¦•-' ¦¦¦>¦-> -.:- .:-
Supervisor Tells Improvement Club
Secretary That He Cannot Under
stand His "Nerve." " "
E..P. E. Troy, secretary of th© Rich
mond District Improvement Association
has thrown down the gauntlet* to Super
visor . George . R. Sanderson. . Sanderson
was not present at the meeting of the
Board of Supervisors when the question
Of municipal ownership of the Geary
street railway franchise was brought up
. Mr -;. T *; o y noted his absence. - and indited
a" letter to the Supervisor in which he
said: ' .. ¦-;•.-'•; \ , . •
SANDERSpN" OTJECTS
TO E. P. E. TROY'S LETTER
*££u i ? her P tory wlth a PP a rent candor
to the interpreter and expressed her will
ingness to be returned to her home in
Guatemala.' — ¦- '_:"*:>•-:
In a statement made to A. de la Torre
Jr., interpreter, of the immigration depart
ment, Augustine Morales said that she
was born in Guatemala and was 16 years
of age. She claimed she met Basset at
the house of a woman named Clara Ar
rellanes, and then they became very
friendly. Basset called upon her mother,
the girl gays, and agreed to bring her to
San Francisco for three months.
Just prior to the departure of the steam
er, the girl claims, she went to bid the
Arrellanes woman good-by, and was
locked in a. room until she was taken
aboard the stemaer, and shared Basset's
cabin with. him all the way up, he pass
ing her off as his wife. As soon as they
were landed the girl claims that she was
taken to some place in Oakland, and that
Basset kept her there under the same
conditions as he did on the steamer The
girl says that Basset sent her mother a
check for $100 soon after arriving in Oak
land. . .
Although giving her age as 16 years, she
could very easily pass for a well-devel
oped woman of 20.
her father, Cornello Ruiz, was a tailor do-
Ing business In the Calle Perroque In
Guatemala. She declared that she was
married to Basset four months ago by a
priest whose name she did not know.
t STOCKTON, Feb. 21.— Judge Joseph H.
Budd isJ critically ill rand his friends and
family f earf that ; he « never again
ascend Hhe bench; The , Judge is ¦'. far ad
vanced" in the I seventies and . his ailments
are more due j to- a general J breaking down
of the system I than j to any specific cause.
His mind is clear and bright and in spite
of his '.weakened' condition he has kept in
touch with j the affairs of his department."
He is -virtually j sustained by his wonder
ful will power. - - .
"~ Judge i Budd :; was quite • low yesterday,
'and ' though i he - rallied , some J to-day, < the
worst , is - feared. -, Twice r during^ the last
two i months ' he ¦• went .: in t a : hack -, to ¦; his
courtand.whlle his mind" was as keen aa
ever \k his ¦•• weakened ;- condition
caused him ' to 5 return - home.T -The Judge
fully -realizes 'his 'position and views its
possibly fatal' termination, with : com
placencyV-?^gEKBB^BPWjP8HjBHHpWMB
Aged Jtixist Gradually. VYielding to a
General' Breaking Bown of I '
the System., t ; < .
j UT>GE ,; JOSEPH ; H. : BUDD'S '. . ..
;.*\ ILLNESS*; BECOMES CRITICAi
The Plercys have been before the courts
for the past two^ years. V D., J. Piercy, a
brother, died in. Agnews Asylum a couple
of years.: ago, leaving an estate of $30,000.
Strife ensued over the administration of
the: estate i between- Edward Piercy and
Andrew Piercy., , This . property went., to
Mary Piercy, the mother. .- When ¦¦• the case
came up in court Mrs.*> Piercy and her two
sons goW together, and, amid a copious
flow of tears, arranged a settlement. All
left the courtroom friends. Shortly after
ward ¦ Mrs. Piercy transferred this prop
erty to Edward . Piercy. v Later she sued
her son 'for its recovery, charging Ed-ward
with • obtaining possession ¦ of ¦ it by fraud.
A few weeks ago Mrs. Piercy, through an
attorney, asked thatthe suit be dismissed,
declaring- she had • never , authorized
Attorney;- J. C. Black to file the
suit against - Edward \ ' M. J'iercy.
Andrew Piercy, the other son, sided with
his mother against Edward in the suit.
Now the latter . wants .to manage his
mother's estate. ¦ ; ,/. /
The Piercyo are one of the pioneer fam
ilies of .the State and well known. ' On the
death. of Piercy Sr., many years ago, the
boys and. their mother inherited .large
estates, . ¦¦ : '- '. I'.'- •'¦
SAN JOSE. Feb. 211— The trouble An th»
Piercy. family has taken a new phase, and
the' love feast which had been arranged
has turned into another feud. To-day 'An
drew J. Piercy filed, a petition in the Su
perior Court asking that he be appointed
guardian of the- person and estate of his
mother, Mary Piercy. 'The petitioner as T
ser ts that his mother is 86 years /of age
and Is feeble of mind and body andun
able to care for her person; i that she is
mentally incompetent to manage and care
for her, property and- estate. THe- says
Mrs. Piercy i s possessed of . property In
San Francisco which produces an income
of $200 a month, real estate in this county
which yields a. revenue of $2500 a year
and money unaccounted . for in the hands
of Ed Piercy, a son, which amounts to
many, thousands of dollars.' The - total
value of Mrs. Piercy's estate is placed at
$100,000. ¦.'•••• - '¦¦-::}¦ : " - .
Andrew Piercy declares hia . mother is
now confined to her bed in the Stanford
lodging-house : in this- city.^ where -- she
was placed by her - son, Edward Piercy,
who* allows .no one to visit her. Judge
Hyland will hear the case on February 28.
Andrew J. Piercy also brought a suit
to-day against r his brother, Edward
Piercy, to restrain him -from disposing of
the 1100 acres of land, ,valued at $30,000,
which his mother," Mary. Piercy, had deed
ed to him.-- This : property- recently be
longed to the brother, -D. J. Piercy, now
dead. • Plaintiff alleges that Edward se
cured/the property from his mother by
undue influences when she was in no con
d'tlon to 'manage her. affairs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAILROAD ENGINEER AND
GIRL WHOM HE CLAIMS IS
HIS WIFE.
Courts.
Pier cy Family Feud Is
v J Once More in the
INSTTBA1TCE a EMPLOYES ;£r£; '-. £•
• , - : .DINED . BY MANAGER
The girl stated to a reporter, in an in
terview that she was a native ' of Guate
mala,-16 years. of age, that her maiden
name was - Aercstina Morales and that
Basset arrived here last Monday -from
San Jose de Guatemala on the steamer
Luxor. He came with a young woman,
whom he introduced as his wife, she be
ing a Guatemalan of prepossessing ap
pearance and unable to speak a word of
English. One of the passengers informed
an employe In the customs surveyor's de
partment that Basset had said that he
had paid $100 for the young woman. The
incident was reported to the Immigration
Bureau by Deputy Surveyor St. John,
and Immigration Commissioner North
went before the United States District
Attorney and made complaint for Basset's
arrest. Deputy United States Marshal de
Lancie brought the couple to the United
States Marshal's office and they were aft
erward removed to the City Prison.
Basset was indignant because of his ar
rest. He declared that he married the
girl in • Guatemala three . months . ago. a
padre performing the ceremony, and that
he returned to visit his children by his
deceased wife, tljey being in an orphan's
home in Oakland. He denied having made
the statement attributed to him and claim
ed that the charge had been inspired
probably by one of the officers of the
steamer, who had attempted, he said, to
force his way one night Into Mrs. Bas
set's stateroom. Three years ago Basset
was sent to Guatemala by the Southern
Pacific Company to repair some engines
and after he had completed his contract
he remained in the country. .
"I am 'stopping at Mrs. Lizzie Hyatt's
house on - Willow street. • West Oakland.
Her husband is a carpenter and they have
known me for years," he added. -
SHIPBOARD gossip caused the ar
rest yesterday of S. Basset, a
railroad engineer,' 46 years of age,
on the very serious charge of im
porting a woman Into the United
States fo'r immoral purposes. \
BROTHERS STRIVE
FOR THE ESTATE
Boyd analyzed the evidence of many of
the principal witnesses for the defense
and brought to light many,. inaccuracies,
many contradictions and many discrep
ancies. He ' compared the testimony of
Richard Nichols, Samuel Parks and Isora
»Eades with that of other witnesses for
the defense, " apparently disproving the
alibis claimed for the three ,- men men
cloned. •-•¦ The - testimony " of Judge -Myers
-was . reviewed, .. and Boyd ' declared . that
the aged suspect' knew of the plans "of
the lynchers almost a week before the
crime was consummated. "Jim" Brown's
•statements to Myron Ayres and Charles
Lambert, made on the day of the inquest,
were read to the jury, tending to prove
that Brown knew, of the intention of the
mob several days before' he spoke of it
to Erving Carpenter, as testified to by
Carpenter. : Speaking of . Brown's state
ment* that he went out ' on the •¦ porch on
the night of the lynching and lighted a
cigar, Boyd brought his argument to a
ciose In;- the following appeal to the jury
to do its duty. ;; i. \
Gentlemen, the match "Jim" Brown struck
on that porch the night of the lynching lighted
poor little Martin Wilson's soul out to the
great beyond, and lighted' "Jim" Brown's
torch on hie way to the gallows. .' It is a sad
thing to ; stand here and - deprive a fellow citi
zen Of his life, or may be. his liberty.;- But it
Is not a matter of sentiment either way. It
is. a matttr of evidence only, and. we rely. upon
the sacred , honor . of Modoc' s jury to return ¦ a
verdict according to the evidence adduced - In
this case. I ask you. not to do anything unfair
to this defendant, not to deprive him -of any
right; But you have taken your . oath .that
you will abide by the evidence and follow, the
instructions which will, be given to you by the
court.-' I "'- "''-''¦'' ' .
The prosecution- in this case asserts that no
matter whether, the processes for the- arrest
of the Halls, Yantls and Martin Wilson, were
on good grounds or bad, the manner in which
those processes were executed showed a malig
nant heart and showed from the first a pur
pose to destroy those people. They had them,
hanging In their hearts on the 25th of May,
when they -made the arrests; when they put
the strap around the neck of Martin Wilson
and said: "Confess or we'll hang you." Law
abiding citizens do' not take a 13-year-old boy
and put a strap around • his . neck and . eay
"confess." -,. They. did. not give him his day in
court, such' as this defendant now demands.
There Is no evidence before you as to In
famous conduct of those men arrested, aa
claimed by Mr. Harris and Mr.* Raker. If
those men had been such outlaws and such
infamous and damnable thieves for eo many
years, why did not Mr. Raker, when he was
District Attorney, se« that they were punished?
Previous to discussing the testimony, of
witnesses in the case . Boyd asserted em
phatically : that during his argument Ra
ker misread the ¦ official ' transcript , in
many instances, to the disadvantage of
witnesses. Boyd claimed that both Ra
ker and Harris had argued, on matters
net before the jury in. this case; ; that .in.
reading the testimony they cut "out ma
terial answers to material questions. To
substantiate his . assertion * Boyd | took up
the testimony, of Agnes Wilson, Lafe
Harris, Thomas Howell, Heter Hager
mnn, Domingo Simas. and others and
showed, where Harris and Raker had mis
quoted them. .•-.. - . , ? ~ •
Much Contradictory Testimony. "
.Plotted Before the Arrests.
Answering the queries of the counsel for the
defense as • to why " I ' am here,' I 'will say I
have a license, from, the Supreme Court of the
State of California to practice in all the courts
of this State. I have no apology to make as
to my being here. Whether, I am here as a
blood-hunter you. shall I Judge when I get
through with my argument. I want the blood
of no man upon my soul. All you have to do
is to Judge the evidence here by the light of
intelligence and good, . sound . Judgment gained
in your every-day life and either convict or
acquit "Jim" Brown. • .
Any errors In law that may have been made
here will be rectified by the Supreme Court of
this State. Notwithstanding the odium heaped
upon the prosecution, and the accusation that
we are head-hunters, we do not ask you to
deprive this man of a single right He stands
before you an American citizen, to be tried
by his peers, and it Is against the grain of
any American citizen to take 'advantage of
any man elmply because he is accused of crime
— and we claim to be American citizens.. ¦
District, Attorney James W. Boyd of
I-assen County, .one of the counsel for the
prosecution, • commenced ~* his argument
this morning. Before taking up the dis
cussion of the evidence Boyd addressed
himself to the jury in part as follows:
Boyd's Closing Argument.
Spencer had not concluded • . when to
night's session ended and court adjourned
until Monday morning." >••--.- ••.-¦;¦ -,.,-v.
Those " men are '. the 'only . » guilty » men ' we
have found during, the nine months- elapsed
since I the I crime. Before I have finished . my
argument I will, show there was, not one- iota
of evidence' against Brown." We will "show
you he did not have to do with the
murder of Martin Wilson, v I shall even show
you that . neither Hutton nor i Morris , had I any
thing to do with that, murder. /The prosecu
tion made these ¦* nien • Its i witnesses, • and - by
their testimony : has exonerated this defendant
of the crime he is accused of. ;•'.,* ¦¦ y c ... <
Spencer discussed the Indictment Sunder
which Brown :,was < held for', the =murder
of Martin Wilson, and claimed that it was
not a proper one,- because John Hutton
and Claude Morris had confessed the
murder of Martin Wilson." Said he:
ALTURAS, Feb.- 21.— Judge E. V.' Spen-,
cer commenced the closing argument : for
the defense In the Lookout : lynching case
to-night. ' Spencer ' characterized the caae
before the court : as : the, most remarkable
trial, that had • ever ; taken ; place, in. this
country. His opening; remarks were con
fined to a discussion of the American jury
system ,. expressing his .' great appreciation •
of the system, which; so safeguarded ..life
and human liberty; He' spoke -of the re
sponsibilities of jurors, -of the- regrets in
after life of the juror who neglects. to do
his duty, and ; expressed the- hope that
none of those sitting In the case of the
People vs. James , W. ;, Brown .would have
anything on their consciences after tho
verdict was rendered. ¦-• _\. : -\ , ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alturas Lynching Case Will
Not Go to the Jury ; Until
.. Next Week.
Spen cer Commences His
: Glosing Argument 7 •
for Defense.
MAKING A FINAL
PLEA FOR BROWN
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL., SATURDAY, } FEBRUARY 22, 1902.
S. Basset Arrives From : Guatemala With a
Pretty Young Girl Whom He Claims as
His Lawful Wife, and Both Are "Arrested
RAILROAD ENGINEER
ACCUSED OF FELONY
5
g The Secret of the Success of ||
i IT - ¦ ¦ ¦"'Ti^TTrTl?--^ I
I JC^GYPTIAN liJ^i 1 IJEsO I
1 CIGARETTES if
|i is the "blend " / of the Turkish tobaccos 9
|J of which they ; are made! 8
I E,ach Kind of tobacco contributes some- ||
I thing individual and separately character- fl •
1 istic "to the perfect harniony of this blend. B
I Most Turkish cigarettes sold in America ||
8 ¦". are made^ of tobaccos bought here, in the El
H open market. E,very ounce of the fourteen 1!
I 'different kinds -of tobacco that are used g
I in making DEITIES '\ is selected by our |
I resident 'buyers; in and " no |l
1 better "selection for quality is possible. B
For this reason' "No better TURKISH §
cigarette can be made." ; g
Emblems /{drf/l^&^^ I
are the same as DEITIES A-^ \ 00^ 0000k 1/ * Wi
but witH corK tips. I % >1
'iif.Vi Ghh signature h en etferp hex. k%
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Baltimore Rye
I Tho American
Gent Icman'o Whiskey \
The First Sought
¦¦'*.' ' and ' ¦ ' [
The First Bought
» CHRISTY A WISE COMMISSION CO.,Inc ».
• 223-225 California. St., San Francisco, Cal. *
• Telephone Main 873. *
« -'.._.?
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
tSO BROADWAY. N. T.
Neglect of a Couth or Sore
/SpfwCl Throat may result in an
Rm^wS Incarable Throat Trouble or
syttj&' Consumption. For relief use
; BROWN'S BRONCHIAL
TROCHES. Nothing excels this simple
jgmedy. Sold only in boxes.'SATURDAY FEBRUARY 22, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
A&lntt All Comsciiicstions to VT. S. LEASE, ianagor. ' ' ¦
.MAXAGEirs OFFICE ..Telephone Frcsn 2O4.
TUBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. . .^,.217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone', l'rcss 2O2.
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Wee!*- •
; Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Including: Poatag-ei
PAILT CALL <lndu<Ung Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL <lnelu<3ii s Sunday). 6 months 3.00
T>AILT CALL' (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILT CALL — By glnrle Month.. 65c ¦
POTDAT CALL. One Year 1.51
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are aathorfzed to receive
subscription*. - ' > ? ' %*
Sajnple copies ¦will be forwarded when requested.
Mail rubscrlbers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
te tasure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O 1KLAXD OFFICE '. .. . . .... 1113 Broadway
c. George: krogness,
Xtuger Tortiga Adrtrtitiag, Ki.-qaette BoHiiag. Chictgo.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") .
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C, CARLTO3T Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK StEPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent ano. 31 Union Square;
Uurrar Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Snermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern. Hotel;
FVemont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASH1AGTOX <D. C.) OFFICE. 14OG G St.. If. XV.
MOnTOX 12. CRAAE, Correspondent.
BBJLXCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. G33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock, mi Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Marker, come Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 10S Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
UEtll 9 o'clock. 2S00 FUlmore. open until 9 p. m.
'Professor Triggs of the .University of
says Washington and Franklin ; were better ¦"stylists"'
in ; the use -of English, than Macaulay, or -Stevenson,
and*now the eagle can scream in the world of let-'
ters as V defiantly ; as in : the • domain of politics and
war; * but,= nevertheless, -Triggs'lkd.
Cal. glace fruit SOc per lb at Townsend'«.»
Townsend's California glacefrults 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jan bas
kets. A- nice present tor Eastern irienaa!
63» Market st.. Palace Hotel building •
Special information supplied daii'y to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 kont
somery street. Telephone Main mi: * '
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsead**.'
, GOVERNMENT LANDS IN CALIFOR
NIA—HI G... City. , To ascertain, .what
Government lands are vacant in California
and open s to' pre-emption ' you~will have ' to
write to each of the following'riamed land
offices in this' State: At Eureka. Indepen
dence,' Los Angeles, Marysville, Sacramen-"
to, San '; Francisco,' Stockton, ; ; Susanville
and On the first of July, 1901,". It
was t reported •¦ that ' the i. acreage^of .public
vacant land in California subject to entry,
¦was : ' Surveyed,' 34,052,596, "and unsurveyea,
1136.412. maklnc a total of 42,049,008. ' -"'¦ '
New York City has discovered .that a livery stable
that should have. paid $120 a year for water rates <has
been carried on the city's books 3s a .vacant" lot ; for
the last ten' years, and' reflecting men are now ask- :
ing themselves whether such a' thing could have hap
pened had the water w orks been^in; private hands in
stead of, unider municipal control.
LOAN ASSOCIATION— A. B. P., Tracy,
Cal. This; department does not vouch for
the ( reliability, of any | business associa
tion or I individuals, , nor advise its read
ers whether : this or 'that .institution is
"a safe and reliable institution "in which
to invest money."- There are mercantile
agencies that can furnish the standing of
any business "firm or individual. For that
reason the- information .asked for. about
a'certaln loan association cannot be,fur
nished. - . . . -:.'., .
YORK. Feb. 21.-The following
Californlans are In New York: From San
Francisco— E. H. Adams is at the Everett-
L..-F. 'Goodwin is at the Victoria; S w'
Knapp is at the Herald SquareVJ. ? B. 7 Mc-
Namara is at the Herald Square; C W
Mills and wife are at the Murray *H111 S
J.Rose and wife are at the Morton; H ' H
Ryan is at the Morton ; N. Sllverberg is
at the Hotel Savoy; J. Stem and wife are
at the Hotel Savoy; W. A. Junken, is at
the Holland; W. Kidston is at the Gllsey
House; E. A. Phelps Is at the Holland
Calif onxlans in New York.
It has. been generally believed that the American
people have about abandoned the observance of the
pleasant customs of St. Valentine's. day,* but: the'an
nouncement that the mails of the country increased
nearly fourfold during the Valentine week shows
that; the good old saint is still .doing a livelyVbusi
ness.;- s; -,''/ •.¦ .••' ; . ¦ 'V-:
POSTOFFICE EXAMINATION— J. S.,
Eureka, ¦ Cal. " If you desire' to take ex
amination under .'civil service rule for a
position' in the San .Francisco Postofflce
write ' to the clerk of the Civil Service
Beard at the postofflce and obtain an ap
plication. After * you have filled ' out the
same and ] filed it, you; will be notified as
to the time and place for the next exam
ination. . . • . • •
.'Leopold Stern of San Jose is at the Oc
cidental.
W. A. Macklnder of St. Helena Is at the
California. . . . y ,*;
George C. Catts^ Mayor of Stockton, is
at the Lick..
_H. rx C. Richards, a mining man of New
York, who has claims at Sutter Creek is
at thft Occidental. '
William D. Wasson will leave In a few
days for Portland, where he will become
the editor of a new evening paper, the
Journal, to be published by A. D Bowen
and W; A. Campbell.
Among other qualifications designed by the con
stitution makers for the elimination of the negro vote
is the payment of -a poll tax amounting to! $1 50 as
a preliminary to registration. Under the law the
time for paying such taxes closes February 1, and the
State officials have now made their returns for this
year. The showing has astonished the people The
Montgomery correspondent of .the Atlanta Constitu
tion says the number of white men. who have : for
feited the franchise by a neglect to pay the poll tax
"exceeds the utmost hopes', of those who, wished -a
smaller . voting strength, , and almost equals the ; fears
of those who did not desire that any .white .¦man
-should get left* out under the new 'constitution. The
number, .of ,- those ., who are . liable as being between^21
t t THEN the new suffrage laws in Alabama
\ /\ / were under consideration it was asserted by
".V V those who supported them that when once
in operation they would lead to an elimination of the
undesirable vote, and thus prepare a way for the
division of the remaining voters upon rational , party
lines, : with the consequent development of .better
politics and greater popular interest in political cam
paigns. Those assertions are" not getting much sup
port from the operation of the law. [So far from in
citing the people to take a renewed interest in pub
lic , affairs the effect appears to have been to render
elections so much in the nature of foregone^ conclu
sions that a considerable portion of. the. white vote
itself has become indifferent and: neglectful.
VOTERS IN ALABAMA.
PERSONAL MENTION^ v
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION-A;
S.' H., Vallejo, Cal. There is : no special
United States .civil service examiner in
San Francisco. ¦" Such examinations are
carried on j in , the .department in which
candidates are to be examined. For infor
mation and blanks select . your depart
ment and write to f it. .. . ¦ • "'
. A LEASE-J. B, Petaluma, Cal. As to
whether a landowner has anything' to say
about a,growing crop after he has leased
the land to a tenant depends upon '. the
conditions of the lease, .and without
¦knowing the conditions It is Impossible to
answer the question. ¦ ':. '.:¦•:¦ ¦;'."
A Philadelphia culprit stood up in court the other
day and pleaded guilty to a charge of attempting to
commit suicide, but said in the way of extenuation
that he did not intend to kill himself; and now the
Philadelphia lawyers are discussing whether the plea
was one of guilty or not guilty.
INSURANCE POLICIES— A. S., City.
If an insurance company is a reliable one
its policies of whatever class are of equal
stability. The Insurance Commissioner's
office ought to be able to inform you as to
the. stability of. the ' different insurance
companies doing business in this city.
. /INTEREST— C. M., City. - The question
in your letter of inquiry as to the amount
of Interest upon a stated amount of money
is, purely arithmetical, and one of the
Claas that this department does not an
swer. Neither are problems solved in this
department. •
THE FULLER GIRL— S., Oakland, Cal.
Up to the 20th of January, the date of
your letter of inquiry, there had not been
published any account of the .finding of
the Fuller girl, who disappeared a few
days before.
SPOTTS— Subscriber, City. A. T. Spotts
held the office of City and County. Re
corder in San Francisco In 1887 and 1888,
having been chosen at the election of No
vember 2, 1886, receiving 18,331 votes. .'-
A DIME OF 184&— O. S.. Soldiers' Home,
Los • Angeles County, Cal. * No premium
is offered by dealers for,. dimes .coined
later than 1846, consequently a dime of
1849 Is not a premium coin.
'HEIGHTS— C. R. M., San Rafael. City
The height of the Call building dome la
327 feet, that of the City Hall dome in San
Francisco is 325.6 and the height of the
Palace Hotel 120 feet. .
AMERICAN COINS— TV. I., M., Auburn.
Cal. There Is no premium , offered for a
half dime of 1831, dime of 1833, or halves
of 1828 and 1831.
THE PENSION ROCL— W. B., Ther
malito, Cal. The latest report of the
United States pension roll is $139,582,231 98.
' George Meredith, the oldest, as without
question the most original and inspired of
modern English romancers, has this week
entered on his* seventy r flfth year. His
first; appearance in print, in the Bhape of
a book of poems; was in 1S51, when he was
23 years of age. It is rather remarkable
that though his most popular romance
"The Ordeal: of Richard Feveril," was
published = forty-three years , ago, it was
not until many years afterward that Mer
edith's genius ¦ as / a novelist was recog
nized. Meredith has published 'altogether
twenty-seven ; books, his last- novel, "The
Case ; of General ;OpIe arid Lady Camer,"'
being issued in 1S93.
A waggish correspondent suggests that
perhaps, the necessities and decencies
might be "combined ; if Lord Reay, ths
chairman of the School Board, would' give
an undertaking and prescribe "Elvina" as
a reading book for the new school.
Perhaps the present generation has not
read either '.'Elvina" or the "Diary of
Madame d'Arblay," in which case thero
should be a good opening for an enter
prising publisher. The elect* may know
that Miss ArvuW did not' enjoy herself
on her sole visit to the "Long Room," but
though the company was very Ill-bred
one young gentleman begged the favor of
hopping a dance with her. Another flirted
with her in that charming fashion which
endears Smith Xo "every reader of taste.
"My dear ma'am," said : thls= would-be
sprig;Of. fashion, "you. must be a little
more patient. I assure you I have no bad
designs— I have not, upon my word— but
really, there's no resolving upon such a
thing as matrimony all at once, what
with the; loss of one's liberty, and what
with the' ridicule of one's acquaintance.
I asure you, ma' am,. you are the first lady
who ever made me even demur upon this
subject, for, a.fter all, my, dear ma'am,
marriage Is the'devil.".
. An Interesting controversy has ' been
aroused by the attempt of the London
School Board to find a suitable site for its
new school at Hampstead. There has
been a lack of certainty as to the houses
which actually represent the historic
"Long ' Room," but. the uncertainty has
been dispelled by a letter which H. O.
Rooth, the ultimate .owner of -the prop
erty, has sent to the press. Roofh found
among his' title deeds, he states, some in
.which the house is recited as having been
converted out of some assembly-rooms,
and he has confirmatory evidence in an
engraving of the "Long Room," published
about the time when Elvlna visited it
against. her' will. That, of course, is the
chief literary association of the> building,
although It was visited by "Pope and
Akenslde, and at a later day Keats loved*
to linger In it.
Now that Lord Dufferin's life is closed
many papers refer, among the . dead no
bleman's many talents, to what he has
done for English literature, but Lord
Dufferin's connection with his literary an
cestors were incidental . rather than per
sonal. He was the great-grandson on the
mother's side of Richard Brinsley Sheri
dan, to. whose career s ot worldly failure
his- own presented such ; an extraordinary
contrast, though, sad to say, it closed un
der one cloud of misfortune. Lord Duf
ferin's mot her was a woman of rare charm
and many accomplishments. Her song,
"The Irish Emigrant," is sure of a very
long life. It was from her undoubtedly
he inherited his wit' and all-round bril
liancy. Lord Dufferin was accustomed to
say that in the last ISO 'years the Sheri
dans, who once had been a great territo
rial family, had produced twenty-seven
authors and more than 200 books. To these
he contributed some half-dozen, of which
the best known is hi3 "Letters From High
Latitude."
Publishers apparently are not looking
forward to very good times yet awhile.
They have some fear of the coronation
festivities interfering with the book trade.
At any rate, I learn that comparatively
few novels are being issued or being pre
pared for the press. A great many al
ready arranged for are being held over
till the autumn.
THREE DATES^W- B.» C Jt y- T he 24th
of April, 1883,' 1884 and-1885 fell. oh Tues
day, Thursday and .Friday, respectively.
"Gentlemen," said he, addressing hli
supporters and. waving his hand toward
the hissing delegation, "let • them hiss. %
have always been an advocate of abso
lute liberty of expression. Neither In this
convention nor out of it would I apply
closure to the means employed to vocal
ize the thoughts of men or the predilec
tions of animals. The snake hisses out
of Instinctive venom, the gooae hisses out
of the stupidity of its nature, and all crea
tures, including man. should have equal
rights to express themselves according to
their congenital endowment."
t?^',^ 1^ to Ws disturbers, Mr.
5? S ! 1 "« a^t ed: r Tou may - «entlemen, If
that is the ordained method for the ex
pression of your emotions, continue to
hiss." - Philadelphia Saturday Evening
4 OSu
Instantly his followers shouted rebuke.
The voice of Irish, which In carryln*
power has been likened to Webster's, rosa
above the clamor.
The power of Mr. Irish as an orator has
been recognized by political- leaders and
he has been much in demand in big cam
paigns. Prior to Bryan's first nomination
for the Presidency Mr. Irish had engaged
in several joint debates with the Ne
braskan. and during both national cam
paigns he was commissioned by the Gold
Democratic managers to follow in, Bryan's
wake. Wherever Bryan spoke there oa
the following night Irish would address,
the people.
Irish is a man of nimble wit. On ona
occasion. .While addressing a. convention,
some delegates opposed to the> cours*
which he was urging began to hiss. -:',"/
The naval office which Colonel Irish
fillg is a branch of the Treasury Depart
ment. It la one of a" series of similar
offices wUich was established for the
sake of convenience and economy in cer
tain customs districts where the extent
of transactions makes it Impracticable
to forward a daily accounting to the de
partment at Washington. .
John P. Irish, naval pfflceijiof customs
at San FrancisCoy been spending
considerable time in Washington this
winter attending to Federal matters, 13
an Xowan and a"f orirner; neighbor ot the
new Secretary of the Treasury, Governor
Shaw. "Iowa has produced many bril
liant orators," said William L. Culbert
son, president of, the First National Bank
of Carroll. Iowa, who was present in
Washington to welcome Governor Shaw,
"and Irish i3 one of them."
POPULATION-C. R. M., San Rafael,
Cal. The population of London Is 4,537,063;
Paris, 2,536,834, and New. York, 3,437,202.
Irish Shames the Hissers.
Answers to : Queries .
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Let another element be taken into account. The
public officers who administer municipalities are.
nominated in p2rty conventions and elected at the
I/oIIs. The expert talent required to work a proper
accounting system is not in politics. Great" indus
trial corporations do not recruit their auditing divi
sion in that way. It is filled on merit and fitness
alone. If every two years those corporations sub
mitted their accountants to political selection, how
long would they avoid bankruptcy? Yet the propo
nents, of municipal ownership propose that every
year, or two or four years, the management of pub
lic .service utilities shallbe changed by the' popular
vote and by party methods, and yet. it is expected
ihat by some sorcery or conjuring that management
shall be a public benefit, and not a public waste!
We cannot regard the prospect as implying anything
else than an enlargement of wasteland therefore in
sist that all such, experiment shall be^ preceded by a
drastic reform of niethods in administering the du
ties'of municipal government as they exist now.;
We are unable to conceive why the proponents of
municipal paternalism as a rule oppose the institution
of accounting reform as a condition precedent to cm
barking in these new ventures. Some of them say
that added responsibility will bring reform.' When'
and where has that been the result? Has it done it
:n New York, or Philadelphia, in Boston, Chicago.
Toledo or Kansas City? No. The new objects of
administration have been dumped upon a grossly de
fective system of public business and a method of ac
counting lhat does not account, and the waste has
been multiplied.
Yet here are municipal corporations, already ad
ministering school, police, fire, street, sewer and
other governmental concerns, under a system of ac
counting so defective that in one city $25,000,000 a
j-ear is lost, in part of another $500,000, and hx all
various sums great or small, and without any amend
ment of accounts or reforms of system it is proposed
to expand their administration over light, railroad,
water, telephone and power plants, thereby enlarg
ing administration and its resulting waste.
It is in view of these conditions that we advise im
provement in accounting before any further experi
ments are made in municipal ownership and pater
nalism. Suppose that the United States Steel Com
pany had taken over all the coal and iron mines, the
coke plants, smelters, converters, rolling mills and
machinery of all the companies which compose it,
and had thus expanded its administration over an in
finite variety of operations without subjecting them
all. to a common and completely expository system
of accounting, does any one believe that it could have
run six months successfully?
There is evidence, constantly accumulating, that
our form of government is the most, costly known
because of the lack of exact accounting.- Comptroller
Coler of New York City has publicly stated, as the
result oi his experience of four years as the account
ing officer of that city, that the introduction of an ex
act system of public accounting would save the city
the enormous sum of $25,000,000 annually. The same
is affirmed of the situation in Philadelphia, Boston,
Chicago and the other, large cities of the country.
There is no doubt that San Francisco has nothing to
boast in this respect over the other cities of the
country. '
f~*^ IVIL government may learn something from
I the policy of the great industrial combina-
tions, which in some of their aspects , terrify
the country. As far as their affairs are made public
it is seen at once that their profits consist largely; 01
savings in administration, effected by an exact sys
tem of accounting. All great railway systems se
cure at any cost accounting systems and accountants,
to the end that every mill received may be traced to
its proper application to the legitimate purposes of
the corporation.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP AND AC
COUNTS.
UNCLE SAM SUGGESTS AN ANSWER TO THE EASTERN QUEST/ON
, Mr. Nimmo says: "What is now needed is an in
quiry relating to the organization of our vast Ameri
can railway system, its relations to the social, com
mercial and industrial interests of the country, the
benefits which it has -conferred, the evils which have
incidentally arisen , in the course . of its \ development,
and. the proper course to be pursued in an attempt to
cure those evils." > '•
It will not be questioned that the proposition is'
timely, but/the country will hardly agree with Mr.
Nimmo that Congress should do ¦ nothing to
strengthen, the hands of.;the Interstate Commerce
Commission until the. investigation has been made.
The issue just now is that of enforcing the interstate
commerce law and. 'compelling obedience to United
States statutes. Upon a question: of that kind there
is iio room for differences of opinion, and Congress
should act upon it at once.
That is certainly. a notable array, of good results,
and even if allowance be made for possible exaggera
tion they. would still constitute a strong argument in
favor "of the, proposed investigation. A great deal
has been written about our railway problems from
well nigh every conceivable point of view. Statis
ticians, lawyers, railway men, political economists^
statesmen, agitators and . even novelists have taken
part in augmenting the mass of the railway literature
of the country. Still there has never been any com
prehensive study of the subject such as is proposed;
for the one investigation made by Congress, the Sen
ate .inquiry of • 1886, which resulted in the interstate
commerce act, was directed mainly to certain specific
evils which had been complained of, and did not un
dertake to deal with the issue as a whole. :
Of the work of the British ¦ cqrnmissions • Mr.
Nimmo says: "In their various reports all the more
important commercial, economic and political condi
tions governing the railroad transportation question
in Great Britain have been investigated and reported
upon. Theories and. notions about railroad manage
ment and regulations. have also been reported upon
—some of them quite as visionary and absurd as those
which now command attention in this country. As
ar result of these elaborate. Parliamentary inquiries
abuses of various sorts have been abated, mistaken
ideas in regard to the management and regulation of
railroads of Great Britain have been corrected, sen
sible remedial expedients have been adopted, many
questions at issue have . been amicably settled and
public discontent has been allayed."
In making this'plea Mr. Nimmo cites the good re
sults which have followed the adoption of the plan
by the British Government. Parliament has repeat
edly investigated the "relations of railways to. public
interests and has thus kept posted on the changes
which are incessantly taking place both in commerce
and in railway transportation. As an illustration of the
frequency of these Parliamentary investigations Mr.
Nimmo points out that they took place in 1840, 1844,
.1846, 1852, 1865, 1872, 1881, 1888 and 1893.- In .striking
contrast to the British policy, stands that of the t
United States, for, despite the fact * that we have
nearly 200,000. miles of • railroad while Great Britain'
and Ireland have but 22,000 miles? there", has been but.
one investigation of the kind in this- country since
the advent, of railroads. / . '.'
JOSEPH NIMMO JR.; the well-known statist
tician and economist, has contributed to the
discussion'of our railway problems a plea for a
full and thorough investigation of the-whole subject
by a Congressional committee j before ; any further
legislation on the, subject is undertaken.. He would
postpone for the present any increase of the powers:
of the Interstate , Commerce Commission, or any
amendment of the actsVdevised for the regulation of
interstate commerce. He "would have the whole is
sue set aside until by a* careful examination Congress .
shall have brought to /light the exact relations of
railways to the business/' of the country arid made"
clear the way for providing a- remedy for such evils
as exist. ";)¦' v.- '¦ ¦¦'¦U TV "
OUR RAILWAY V PROBLEMS. *
At a recent dinnergiven: by the Germania Club in
Brooklyn to commemorate the birth of Tilden there
developed a 'decided movement to nominate for Gov
ernor of'New York" Edward .' M. : Shephard^ who was
beaten for Mayor of the city," and p'robably if beaten
for Governor he will be boomed for the Presidency.
It seems to be the determination of .Brooklyn to get
him in office somewhere. • '¦... . " ';':..
Mr. Graves is afraid that "little tots" will see the
play and grow up thinking that their ancestors all
used all slaves the way John L. Sullivan uses
Uncle Tom on the stage! A very poor compliment
to the coming intelligence of Southern youth.
Yet Cable is outlawed from his native Louisiana
for his Creole tales, and his "Grandissimes" is
spurned as an incendiary book.
The most revered and respected divines of New
England were witch hunters and took an active part
in the murder of old women who had moles on their
chins and were disliked by their neighbors. No
blacker record of superstition and folly exists than
they made, though they shared it with vast numbers in
this country and Europe. Has any one. heard of their
descendants attempting to exclude it from history?
Has any "Yankee" proposed to legislate Longfel
low's "New England Tragedies" out of that section?
Because of its revelations of another New England
trait, does any committee threaten to lynch the read
ers of Hawthorne's "Scarlet Letter"? Does any
"Yankee" leave a theater in dudgeon because the
play portrays the Yankee capacity for bilking arid
sharp practice, for mean economy and less than hon
est thrift?
This is rather discouraging. It is the old spirit that
sought to. suppress abolition by murdering Lovejoy
and mauling Sumner and denying the mails to the
New York Tribune. It is Tillmanism. No people
has ever emerged into an atmosphere of greatness
and progress until it became willing to tolerate ex
aggeration" of its follies and even misrepresentation
of the extremes of its habit of life, its views of econo
mics, its moral obliquities and its sin;.
Mr. F. Hopkinson Smith a year agomadea savage
attack on the novel, and is followed now by Mr. John
Temple Graves, one of the editorial writers 'of the
Atlanta Journal and a lecturer of such repute that he
makes a profitable platform season every year in the
North: Mr. Graves is pleased with the plan of the
Daughters of the Confederacy to suppress : "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," both book and play, by legislation!
The profound feeling, indicated by , such incidents
was incapable of creation by a lachrymose fiction. It
had its radix in the profound nature of things. With a
strange kind of- philosophy the people of the South
are just now being roused to a high pitch of feeling
by the play of "Uncle Tom's Cabin," somewhat
bunglingly dramatized from the novel. . ' .
He was followed by Broderick of California, who
declared himself sprung from the loins of a race of
laborers, and thrilled the Senate by pointing to the
capitals of the pillars and pilasters of the chamber
carved by the hand of his own father, a working
stonemason."
In the debate- the flower of the South in the Sen
ate defended slavery because it enabled the existence
of a leisure class, that could devote itself to politics
and the science of • government. . Certain tasks and
personal services were denounced as degrading to a
gentleman. It was then that Senator Dodge, a Dem
ocrat, said that listening to the debate he had unwill
ingly reached the conclusion that armed v strife be
tween the sections'could not be averted, that it must
come, because the discussion had revealed such di
verse views of life and honor as indicated an antagon
ism that was incapable of compromise. He called
his father, who was also a Senator from another
State and sat near him, to witness that he from his
youth up had rendered to others such services as the
Southerners denounced as degrading and unworthy
of a' gentleman, and- that fact, instead of degrading
him in the estimation of the hardy Northern people,
had raised him in their esteem and inspired his pro
motion in public life.
The spread of abolition in the North will rank in
history as. an economic movement, not thickly
veneered with sentiment. It was just such a move
ment as now resists the free admission of the products
of cheap or forced, or. servile labor from Cuba and
the Philippines. The great debate in the United
States Senate before secession, before Lincoln's elec
tion, while Buchanan was President and the Repub
lican party was only opposing extension of slavery
into the Territories, foreshadowed the convulsion
that came a few yea^rs later.
AS a "purpose novel" Mrs. Stowe's "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" long ago accomplished what
ever it was intended to, effect. There are
many intelligent people, who were active in the anti
slavery period that believe its influence on public
opinion in that age of agitation is overestimated. Per
secution does more to advance any cause than any
amount of lachrymal literature. The fictitious woes
of Uncle Tom, the hectic character of little Eva', the
swagger of Legree, had far less to do with the cul
tivation of opposition to slavery than denial of the
right' of petition, the murder of Lovejoy, the brutal
assault upon Sumner, the denial .of. the mails to
Northern newspapers, Toombs' hypothetical rollcall
of his slaves at the foot of Bunker Hill monument,
and characterization of Northern workmen as ."mud
Upon this showing it - seems the poll tax require
ment virtually'sweeps tHe black vote from: the State
and reduces the white vote to such, an extent, that
the number of voters- in the elections this fall will
hardly amount to much more, than, an ; oligarchy. It
will be seen, furthermore, that there was no need of a
'•grandfather clause" in the to eliminate
the colored; vote in 3 State where so many ' people
both white, and black are willing to;. lose the fran
chise rather than pay a poll: tax. Alabama having
now attained a voting population "small but select,"
it remains" to be. seen whether she' can' elect better
men to office, enact better laws and enforce them
with more firmness.
¦ Some of the , details of counties are interesting.
The correspondent says: ! "The highest percentages
of failure to pay were in ; Mobile and Baldwin, white
counties, while- the typical black county of 'Dallas
comes next with over 40, The average elimination
of white voters in the whole .State is- between
30 and 35 per cent of those in the poll tax age.
* * " * The elimination of the blacks under 45
years of age was almost complete. In Mobile the
percentage was'about 70, which was the' lowest in the
State. Ip no other county was it", as* low as' 80 per
cent, and the general average can "be put- somewhere
between go and 95.'! - '-,.........
and 45. years of age is 60 per cent of the /-whole.:
Most of the counties have now been "heard from, arid
the indifference seems to have been universal. The
white counties have been as. derelict as the black belt,'
and perhaps a little more so."
UNCLE TOM'S OABIN^'i
THK SAiN FKAJNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY ; 2, 1UUZ.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central — "An African King."
Alcaxai 1 — "The Orient Exprees." ' •
Columbia — "Way Down East."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house^ — "A Temperance Town."
Fischer's Theater — "The French Maid." Monday. Febru-
ary £t.
California — "The Sign of the Cross."
Tivoll— "TLe Ameer."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Metropolitan Hall — Eons Recital.
Metropolitan Hall — Hofmann Evening. Tuesday, Febru-
ary 25.
Metropolitan . Hall— Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Febru-
ary 26.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
By William G. Layng — Thursday, February 27, Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.The case of Dr. Victor d'Ercole, 1604
Stockton street, charged with disturbing
the peace, was dismissed by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday. He was accused by John
Vaiensolo of compelling him to pay a fee
at the point of a revolver.
Dr. d'Ercole Is Acquitted.
J. J. Rauer has been cited to appear be
fore- the Superior Court and explain his
connection with the estate of the late !
Catherine Hess. The citation was issued
on the petition of Thomas Hess, adminis
trator of the estate, who accuses Rauer
of having concealed or disposed of rent%
collected by him from tenants of the de
ceased. .
Bauer Must Explain.
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
day by Louis Gerl against Louisa Gerl for
cruelty and Melsena I. Thomas against
D. Tbomas for cruelty.
Jessie Hamilton is suing Walter Hamil
ton, a machinist, for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. She alleges that her
husband frequently beats her and has
often threatened to kill her. They reside
at 393 Ninth street.
John Clark of South Dakota, who was
married to Agnes Clark in 1866, is suing
for divorce. - He alleges that his wife got
drunk and in the presence of a number of
friends smashed a watermelon on his
bead.
My wife, when I first met her at Highland
Springs, was a trained nurse. I knew her only
three or four weeks and then married her.
She treated me so that I wan compelled to leave
her within two months after she became my
Wife.
I own nothing but a horse and cart and a few
sporting implements, such as a gun and fishing
outfit. I get a salary of $325 a month as an
officer "of the Hopkins Investment Company,
but as I owe $18,000 I have to pay a large sum
of Interest every month. I do not own any
property on Jackson street, Eddy street or Turk
street, and did not at the commencement of the
divorce proceedings. My wife obtained those
court orders by misrepresentation and she Is
harassing me continually.
The affidavit filed by Hopkins yesterday
is a plea of poverty and a cry against his
wife's fondness for legal battles. Hopkins
says: " j ¦ ?
The case was ttnally submitted, though
not until Mrs. Hopkins had obtained an
order of court directing her husband to
give her $250 to defray the cost of the trial
and to pay her 1100 a month alimony. Mrs.
Hopkins also received $150 to enable her.
to obtain the depositions of a number of
witnesses who could not attend the trial
but who were familiar with the doings of
Hopkins.
Subsequently Judge Graham ordered
Mrs. Hopkins to return her husband $400
she received as counsel fees and costs of
depositions, as Hopkins proved that she
had not used the money for. the purposes
for which It was intended. . Mrs. Hop
kins did not obey the order, and more
trouble resulted. Hopkins then discon
tinued the payment of alimony, and his
wife instituted a suit to compel him to do
so.
Hopkins has been in court many times
since the Institution of a. suit for divorce
by Mrs. Hopkins in Alanieda County last
year. She charged him with treating her
cruelly. The case was ' transferred from
Alameda to this county and came up for
trial, before Judge Graham last October.
Owing to the prominent social position
occupied by Hopkins and his reputed
wealth the trial attracted great atten
tion. For several days Hopkins and. his
wife alternated on the witness stand, tell
ing merry tales of their life at Highland
Springs, where they first met and where
they went subsequently on a visit.
William F. Hopkins, in an affidavit fileC
in Judge Sloss' court yesterday, swore
that his wife, who is seeking an order of
court compelling him to pay her $100 a
month alimony pending a decision in the
divorce proceedings brought by. her, is
maktng his life miserable by instituting
all sorts of legal proceedings against him.
He disclaims being the possessor of un->
told riches, and says he is perfectly will-
Ing to abide by any court order. •
Her Suit Asking for
Alimony. *
¦ .. •
Pleads Poverty in Answer- to
having counterfeiters' tools In
.their possession, will be turned over
to.- 1 the United States authorities .. to
day. Meyers' room was searched yester
day and among the effects were found
several newspaper clippings containing
an accpunt of tne killing of William Leon
ard by him several years, ago in Aspen, ;
Colo. Meyers or McDonough was at
tacked by three men and he ' shot and
killed one of them. After a bitterly con
tested " trial he was acquitted on the
ground that he acted in self-defense. It
was stated in the clipping that he came
of a good family in Richmond, Va. An-
FRANK WOODS, alias Fred Grey,
alias William Hastings, and James
McDonough," alias Jim Meyers.
who. were: arrested Thursday for
W. F. Hopkins Dislikes
Spouse's Fondness
for Legal Battles.
Alleged Counterfeiter Kills a Man in Aspen,
Golo., But Is Acquitted on- the Plea
That He Acted in Defense of His Life
JIM MEYERS' EFFECTS ,
DISCLOSE HIS RECORD
SAYS HIS WIFE
HARASSES HIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.* SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22^ 1902;
SYNDICATE SURE
TO BUY SYSTEM
LANE OBSEQUIES
ARE IMPRESSIVE
Students Bare Head3
While Cortege Passes
College.'
Market Street Railway
Deal to Be Completed
Next Month.
¦ The United Rail-ways Investment Com
pany la now being Incorporated In I New
Jersey and at the proper time It will pro
vide for a bond issue of $30,000,000. Brown
Brothers will float bonds and the money
will all be subscribed before March 23.
I. "W. Hellman when seen yesterday
said: ."XmUStSOP*'
"I am sure that the Baltimore syndicate
will . complete the purchase. Mr. Duane
has Just left me and I am»certaln that
company has all the capital necessary.
The syndicate is simply deferring the
purchase until it has completed other
business arrangements In this city."
"Will the syndicate be allowed another
extension after March 28?" was asked.
¦ "No. If it does not complete the pur
chase on or before March 28 we will de
clare the deposit money forfeited."
It Is generally understood that Purchas
ing Agent Schwerin and the 'railroad
physicians will be the only officials re
tained by the syndicate.
There is no change In the situation as
regards the Market-street Hail-way, deal.
James M. Duane, the New York financier,
spent yesterday visiting local capitalists
and late in' the afternoon he had a
lengthy interview with I. "W. Hellman of
the Nevada Bank. Duane said last even-
Ing that the transfer would be made
March 2S without fall. In fact, to use hi3
own words, "It must go through." He
says that when the original agreement
was drawn up it was definitely under
stood that the Baltimore syndicate would
have the privilege of extending the time
for making 1 the purchase thirty days,
should it be so desired. •vSSbt&ShH
After a girl gets married she eats
fewer pickles and more onions.
The unaccountable disappearance of
Mrs. Annie Nichols of Bomersville, Con
tra Costa County, is sorely puzzling her
sister, Mrs. J. P. Hughes, of 145S Guerrero
street, and her family and friends. She
left her sister's house after a three days'
visit on February 13 to return to he
home, and since then nothing has been
heard of her. She was subject to nervous
spells, and it Is thought she may have
been seized • by one and taken to some
place for treatment, but her silence is un
explalnable. She is 49 years of age, 5 feet
2 Inches tall and wore a black dress and
black fur cape. The police have been un
able to find an-v trace of her.
Mrs. Nichols Missing.
Out of respect to the wishes of the de
ceased and his widow, the services at the
funeral of the late Dr. Levl Cooper Lane,
which was held yesterday, were simple
but strikingly impressive. Despite the
heavy downpour of rain at the hour set
foi the funeral, all the members ' of the
faculty and the students of Cooper Medi
cal College were present and testified to
their grief at the loss of the founder of
the college.
At noon the classes formed at the col
lege and proceeded to the late residence
of the deceased. As they were admitted
In the order of seniority they passed
around the coffin to take their last look
at the features of the -dead. The cof
fin was almost hidden in a mass of floral
tributes. After the departure of the stu
'dents the formal services were, held in
the parlors of the residence.
Rev. Joseph Worcester, pastor of the
Second New Jerusalem Swedenborgian
Church, conducted the services. • A few
of the late doctor's most intimate friends,
the faculty of the college and the follow
ing class presidents and representatives
were in attendance: Seniors— F. C. Pache
(president), H. W. Gibbons. "W. F. Blake;
jvnlors— F. L. Doane (president), H. L.
Ross, F. H. Koepke; sophomores— W. "W.
Tourtillot (president), C. O. Moore, H. J.
Craycroft; freshmen— Frederick Leach
(president), H. L. Roberts,' X. P. de
L'anato. . *¦'.'.
The four class presidents and four stu
dents acted as pallbearers.
As the cortege left the residence the
route was taken from Clay street along
Webster, passing the Lane Hospital and
Cooper Medical College. ( On the sidewalk
immediately in front of the buildings the
students stood with bared heads. The
somber drapings of the buildings added
greatly to the lmpresstveness of the
scene. The cortege continued on Its way
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the body
will be cremated. '
On Sunday afternoon, March 2, ,speclal
memorial services will be held In the
auditorium of Cooper College, where the
urn containing the ashes of Dr. Lane will
lie placed. A committee of the faculty,
consisting of Drs. Ellinwood, Gibbons,
StUlman and Rlxford, has charge of the
arrangements. They will be assisted by
a committee from the student body. A
reouest to attend the services will be
made to the medical profession- of the
coast and to the friends of Dr. Lane.
• The Sari" Francisco : Frauen Wo
men's Union) of this city will give a'grand
complimentary ball -In Saratoga Hall this
evening in celebration of the anniversary
¦of, theblrth of .Washington. • - •
San : Francisco Frauen .Verein.
'John Stafford /was arrested last night by
Policemen 'Cassldy'Yand ' McQuade and
charged'at the Southern station with car
rying " burglar's -tools. »\ The ; officers : met
Stafford " at i New ': Montgomery « and * Nato
ma'Btreets and noticed. that-he.had'some-'
thing ' concealed - under i his ~ coat. v. They
searched him and ¦ found { a • burglar's jim
my; Stafford is. well known to the* police!'
Old; Offender Arrested.
The Best' Known Trade-Mark
In the Jworld tis "the "A ' and the Eagle
that was adopted years ago' by the An
heuser-Busch Brewing Afis'n, St. -Louis.
U ¦ 8.- A., ; and ' used by them on millions of
bottles of beer, which have entered every
section of the globe. This trade 'mark is
the symbol of purity and perfection in
brewing, and ; its presence on ' a bottle in
sures -the! contents .to be of -the highest
standard. 'Orders- promptly -filled; by 'E;
G. Lyons & Raas Co. ,* wholesale dealers,
San Francisco. - \* -
An interesting; lecture on the relations
of the Jews and * the ; Christians was de
livered last night at the Presbyterian He
brew • Mission. ;• at ; 1127 Mission . street, by
Rev..M. Bercovltz. From a historical con-
Bideration of the differences that have ex
isted for centuries between ; the Jew and
the gentile the speaker developed >the idea
that these! differences could be 'adjusted
when both sides had considered* the causes
leading up to them. -The devotion; of the
Jews to. their; ancient faith -was,-, in' the
opinion of the speaker, as potent ¦ a cause
as any introducing race hatred./* .
Favors Conciliatory Policy. .
California may have cheaper railroad
rates from the East this , spring than
ever, before. E. O.' McCormick tele
graphed the Southern Pacific officials in
this city yesterday that he had requested
the Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion to allow- a r "home-seekers' '.'. rate to
California during the months of March
and AprilA Thl3 rate is different from the
colonist rate in that it is good. both ways,
while the colonist rate only applies to
those coming to California. ¦•.. ¦.-/''.¦
.The home-seekers' rate will if allowed be
in effect on the first and third Tuesdays
of the month: and with it a special rate
on second class tickets.,The home-seekers',
rate was fixed by the 'Southern Pacific
during the months of July and August 'of
last year and proved a great success.
continental Passenger Association
,\ v ; l< to Sanction the Scheme. •„
E. 0.' McCormick Applies to .Trans-
HOME-SEEKERS' RATE M
MAY BE TRIED AGAIN
Miss Chamberlain has under earnest
consideration a request from her friends
for a third recital. ; ,
Miss Belle Claire Chamberlain gave last
night the second of her piano recitals
since her recent return* from Europe.
Many of her friends In Oakland were de
terred from crossing the bay on account
of the inclemency of the weather, but a
large number of city people braved the
elements and were rewarded by the per
fect rendition of a well selected pro
gramme. Sherman-Clay Hall , was there
fore comfortably filled. What the audi
ence lacked in numbers It made up in en
thusiasm and nearly every selection was
greeted with applause. .
Miss Chamberlain's programme was as
follows: . , , .
() Pastorale, (b) Caprlcclo . (Scarlattl-iTau
slg); (c) Sonata, op. X7 (Beethoven): (a) Mur
muring Zephyrs (Jensen); (b) Grlllen (Whims)
(Schumann) ; (c) Nocturne, . op. 15, 1 (d) Prelude
op. 28. (e) Fantasie. op. 49 (Chopin); (a) Rondo
Caprlccloso, (b) Auf Flugeln des Ganges (Men
delssohn) ; (c) .Unseduld (Moszkowskl) ; (d)
Magic Fire Scene ( Wagner-Brassln) ; (e) Hun
garian Rhapsody, ¦ No. 12 (Liszt). . .
dition of Many Difficult; and
¦ Elaborate Compositions.
Critical Audience Applauds Her Ren-
Speaks to Congregation on "Strangers
and Foreigners" of the Long
The Rev. Dr. Nieto delivered a lecture
last evening at the Congregation Sherlth
Israel on the subject of "Strangers and
Foreigners." In the course of his re
marks the doctor, showed the prejudice
that existed in years gone by toward the
"Stranger" and the "Foreigner," but in
those times the word "stranger" meant
something very different to what it stood
for to-day. It stood for something hos
tile, for a person who was unfriendly, not
that he was so, but being a "stranger"
and a "foreigner" unknown to the popu
lace, for in those days there was no
means of communication and persons of
different countries knew not' each other,
it was only natural that they would look
with doubt and suspicion upon the "for
eigner."
The Jew going from place to place,
country to country, arrived as a "strang
er"—a "foreigner"— and that was the
commencement of the doubt and the sus
picion with which he was regarded. Not
only the Jew. but all others who came
into the town unheralded and unknown
had to suffer the same stigmas and in
conveniences, doubts and discomforts and
charges and vilifications.
Rabbi Voorsanger did not deliver his
promised lecture last evening, "What
Civilization Has Done for the Scripture,"
owing to the small attendance at the
Congregation Emanu-El. The rabbi prom
ised, however, to discuss the topic next
Friday evening.
Arrested for Burglary.
George W. Watkins was arrested by
Policeman A. C. Winzler yesterday morn
ing and charged at the Hall of Justice
with burglary and carrying concealed
weapons. ¦ Watklns was found in the
rooms of Dr. H. C. Daher, at 224 Kearny
street, and could give no reasonable ex^
cuse for his presence. The officer was
called to arrest, Watklns and on search
ing him found a loaded pistol.
Opened Telephone Boxes.
John It. Hurley, a barber, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea
and charged with opening a number. of
telephone boxes and stealing the contents.
A bunch- of skeleton keys of .the finest
kind was found in his possession.
Among other effects found in Meyers'
room were several real estate deeds and
a marriage certificate. The certificate re
cited that Fannie Dawley and James H.
McDonough were intermarried at Wood-
DR. NIETO DELIVERS
INTERESTING LECTURE
other clipping is from a Chicago paper of
unknown date, and told how J. H. Me-
Donough, "who runs the Abbey Saloon"
at Root and Halsted streets, rushed into
the police station to complain that his
wife was about to leave him and go to
California with her brother.
MISS CHAMBERLAIN GIVES
SECOND PIANO' RECITAL
land, September 3, 1884, by Justice of the
Jeace J. B. Cronin. The latest deed is of
the date of January J. 1902, and recites
that in consideration of $3000 paid her by
J. H. McDonough. Mrs. Mary Badger^
formerly Mrs. McCormick, deeded to Mc-
Donough a piece of property In the town
of . San Rafael. ... .,
Another clipping states that Meyers or
McDonough, as he was then called, con
ducted a saloon, in Sacramento,, Cal., in
1893, and that at the tlmeof the World's
Fair he kept* a saloon in Chicago.
Frank Woods, alias Fred Grey, alias
¦William Hastings, has been under sur
veillance for a long time, by Secret Serv
ice Agents Hazen, Moffltt and Foster. He
has a bad criminal record. On June 2,
1896, he was arrested for a burglary com
mitted in Oakland and was sentenced to
three years' imprisonment in the peniten
tiary at Folsom.' He was released on De
cember 1, 1898, and was arrested as Fred
Gray on September 18, 1899, 'for being in
possession of molds and other tools, for
the manufacture of counterfeit money. He
and his partner, George Horton, were
tried in the United States District Court
and acquitted, they having sworn that the
trunk found In their room did not belong
to them. He was again arrested as Fred
Gray on February 13, 1901, In this city
for robbery, but escaped conviction.
The police believe Gray is responsible
for several daring hold-ups committed in
this city during the past few weeks.
V Supervisor ¦ Comte said he was a mem
ber of the Board of Freeholders that
drew up the charter, and he for one
would not be satisfied with court rulings
declaring sections invalid until the Su
preme Court had passed upon the sections
in Question.-. '¦ '
Braunhart .' said he refused to accept : a
Superior Judge's ruling that the Super
visors must accept the Justices' nomina
tion, and that he would rot In jail i before
he would obey a mandate. forcing him to
vote aye or no on any. proposition..
The Wynh resolution was defeated, only
Comte, Loughery, Lynch, McClellan,
Payot and Wynn voting for it. , •
Braunhart; wanted to give, the Mayor
moral support 1 by • a vote of
thanks for his investigation of the office
of the Justices' clerk, but Mayor Schmitz
said he asked for no thanks for doing his
duty. After much discussion the resolu
ticn <- given above was adopted , and fur
ther action deferred, . pending other de
ciflcnp by ' the courts. . /'^SBuJkVISPqBQ
" The < Grand Jury sent a , communication
to Justices' Clerk Fredrick yesterday noti
fying him that . H. - W. Westerfeld has
been appointed as: expert for the inquisi
torial body to. expert the books and ac
counts of ¦ the Justices' Clerk's ; office.
AVesterf eld , will begin his . duties ' next
Monday. ' -*"'¦'• : '- ' ' ¦" ;: ''- -¦ ".. '
Under these ( circumstances, -whether the
Mayor had or had not the power to make p.
temporary appointment, pending the action of
the Board . of Supervisors, * Mr. Frederick, in
my opinion, muBt be held, at the present time,
to be a de facto officer.
Supervisor Brandenstein said that
Judge Cook had told him that he did not
so decide, but had simply held that since
¦\Yindrow was hot de jure clerk and no
danger existing of a second payment of
the salary Qulnn's prayer for absolute
injunction must be denied.
Ruef replied that whatever explana
tions may have been made Judge Cook's
written decision did ¦¦ hold that Fredrick
was de facto clerk. In this connection the
following sentence from Judge Cook's de
cision may -be quoted as throwing light
on the Question: '
Cook's Decision in Question.
There was a deep silence for a moment,
and then Justice of the Peace Dunn arose
and said: -, •¦'--?.- --••! * .- * - ¦-» < /.
"1 want to reply to the Mayor' b remarks
by characterizing that part referring to
domination by a political boss, as abso
lutely untrue so far as I am concerned
and an insult." •
That was the end of the incident. Once,
earlier In the session, Mayor Schmitz.had
referred with-teome bitterness to the mid
right meeting of the Justices as being
"not in the interests "of Justice.";
The Supervisors under Brandenstein's
load proceeded very cautiously in order
to remove ¦ some of the complications.
First, they approved the Mayor's accept
ance of Williams' resignation. Then to
make assurance doubly sure they them
selves accepted his resignation.
Supervisor Eggers, who developed into
the especial- ana eager champion of the
Justices, moved that "Windrow's nomina
tion be approved. The motion was de
feated by the following vote, 5 ayo. '.3
13 noes: .
Ayes— Alpers, Bent, Boxton, Eggers, Sander-
Bon. . • - -
Noes — Booth, ' Brandensteln, Braunhart.
Comte. Connor. Curtia, D'Ancona, Loughery,
Lynch, McClellan, Payot, - Wilson, Wynn.
Supervisor "Wynn's resolution approving
the* appointment of Powel , Fredrick was
debated at length. Brandensteln objected
strenuously to such procedure. He said
tbat all lawyers practically and the
courts recognized the office to be a State
office and held that the Mayor had no
power to fill the vacancy. He contended
further that in any case, whether the
Mayor had the right to appoint or not,
there was no warrant either in the char
ter or, the code- for action by the Super
vieors'upon the Mayor's appointment.
In the course of the debate Abe Ruef
was given permission to address the
board and he made a brief argument In
support Of the contention that the Mayor
was -'acting .-within his power when he
filled the vacancy. He said Judge Cook
had recognized Fredrick as the de facto
clerk. '?m8!HSffiiM3&&2g$&!£
This unfortunate situation is not
due to any. action of mine. It is due
to the fact that there is too much poli
tics in the affairs of the municipality.
If I thought the Justices were acting
in good faith I would recognize theii
nomination, but I am convinced that
they were not, and that in meeting
at midnight and in a hotel, away
from their courtrooms or chambers,
and naming a man simply because he
belonged to a certain political organ
ization, they were not acting in good
faith, but were simply being domina
ted by a certain political boss.
The Mayor took occasion to express his
opinion of the attitude of the Justices,
and he , did. it in plain words and with
voice shaken by the strength of his feel
ings. . He said:
Dominated by Political Boss.
" The above resolution, adopted in special
meeting . yesterday, represents the final
results attained by the Supervisors in
their efforts to untangle the snarl in the
clerk's office of ¦ the Justices' Court. The
Supervisors ,by : a j decisive vote rejected
the nomination of Joseph Windrow, pre
sented , by the Justices, and in conse
quence Windrow's claim to the office has
no longer a leg to stand on. The board
also ratified the Mayor's acceptance of
Ed "Williams' " resignation, j The resolution
given above was intended to express the
Koral support extended to the Mayor by
the I Supervisors without committing
themselves to a possibly Illegal course by
recognizing, the Mayor's right to fill the
vacancy. ' ' ,
The adoption of the resolution after two
hours' debate on various phases of the
question was a victory for the Mayor and
Clerk Fredrick, and was won pnly . after
a resolution confirming In direct teems
Fredrick's appointment was snowed under
by a large negative vote.
Eesolved, That while this board re
fuses to commit itself on the right of
the Mayor to appoint, we nevertheless
approve his action placing Mr. Fred
rick in this position pending action
by the proper legal authorities.
WHEBJEAS, The Mayor and Board
of Supervisors of this city and county
have accepted the resignation j of E
W. Williams, clerk of the Justicfts'
Court; and
Whereas, His Honor the Mayor, con
tending that he is the appointing
power,' has appointed Fowel Fredrick
to the position formerly held by Mr.
Williamsjvtherefore be it •
' an Insult.
Judge Dunn Says Statement
Is Absolutely Untrue and
His 'Honor Denounces
Attitude of Justices
of bhe Peace.
MORAL SUPPORT
FOR THE MAYOR
TWO ALLEGED COUNTERFEIT
ERS WITH BAD RECORDS CAP
TURED BY THE POLICE. ,
7
AMUSEMENTS.
"HOFMANN
EVENING."
AT THE
METROPOLITAN' TEMPLE
TUESDAY EVENING, Feb. 25,
BY THE
PIANOLA,
AcsUtcd by
MRS. GRACE DICKMAN, Contralto
All selections by the Pianola will be from the
Pan Francisco programmes of Hofmann. and
his Interpretation will be followed throughout.
<Of the PIANOLA, which ho u«ee and Indorsee,
Hofmann says: "I am free to eay that I un-
hesitatingly pronounce the Pianola the best of
all piano playins device?.") All tickets free,
but to prevent overcrowding reserved seats
should be obtained at KOHLER & CHASE'S.
SS-30 Q-Farrell ft. '
NORDICA
LAST RECITAL
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30,
METROPOLITAN HALL.
Reserved Seats. |1, |2 and $3.
Box office to-day (Washington's Birthday)
at hall.
SEATS NOW ON SALE
FOR THE
FOUR CONCERTS NEXT WEEK
—OF THE—
Chicago Symphony Orchestra
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO/S.
78c. $1 and |1 BO. ¦-¦;£'"
ftfll BIUDIH ' as fhmbscw
vULUlflD^lA LMl'iG THEATEE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. SUJfDAT NIGHT
AXD ALL NEXT WEEK.
WM. A. BRADY'S \j\i C| \Y
Big production Ctf V
beatitiful -wbsv Cr
ki Down
Blair Parker. Jb*P \J V V JLJL
Coming— "ARIZONA."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). FEB. 22
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE MIXED! MIXED
WELL!
The Blossoms; Hawaiian Glee Club;
Warren and JBlanchard, and the
Eiograph. Last times of Mary
iTorxaan; Dempsey and Hack Com-
pany; 3 marvelous Merrills;
Winchennann's Bears, and Jessie
Dale,
TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIMES.
William Greet Presents th«s Powerful Ycung
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES DALTON .
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable D.-ama,
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT 6CEXIC PRODUCTION.
IfEXT 6UJCI>*.T— FEB. 23
MURRAY and MACK
"SBOOTINfi TOE CHUTES."
» SEATS READY.)
WASHINGTON" S BIRTHDAT MATINEE
TO-DAY.
USUAL MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
A Temperance Town.
Week Beginning MONDAY "EVENING NEXT,
GEORGE OBER
One of America's Foremost Comedians.
In Chss. Hoyt's Famous Comedy;
"A MIDNIGHT BELL."
VSUAL POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 15c, 25c
tOc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Se&ts All Matinees, 25c.
BE LAS CO **"> TriAlCS^jgrtpe
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT and To-morrow Evealnjr,
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
A GREAT PRODUCTION of Charles E. Bla
Joey's (Author of "Kin* of the Opium
Ring") Successful Melodrama,
An African King,
PRICES — Evening. 10c to 60c: Matinee. 10c
15c and 25c .
Monday— "THE CORNER GROCERY."
Belasco & Tha.IL Managers.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
' Tbe Latest German Farcical Success,
"The Orient Express"
A TRAINLOAD OF FUN.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c. '25c. 35c, 60c and 75<
Monday— "THE HEAD OF THE FAMILY.
nc il rv Sunday'* newspapers for fu
rVLrtU particulars
FORTHCOMING APPEARANCE
Emma Nevada
And Her Assisting Company of Distingu!*he
< European Artists.
PALACE and •
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is tbe wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other rc-
• tail stores, clubs, railroad and
t newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of tbe
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tbe entrance.
American and European plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8- SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TWO MORE NIGHTS ONLY.
THE
AMEER!
MONDAY, Feb. 24— THE HIT OP THE
BOSTONIANS,
THE SERENADE.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bash 9.
Fischers Theatre!
O'Farrell St., Between Stockton and Fowetl.
d. THE TOWN IS WAITING FOR
THE FRENCH MAID.
First Time— NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
A Brilliant. Frisky, English Musical Novelty.
Greatest Cast Ever 8een
• in San Francisco.
NEW AND ELEGANT COSTUMES.
CAPTIVATING DANCES.
ORIGINAL MUSIC.
A HOST OF PRETTY GIRLS.
POPULAR PRICES — Opera Chairs, reserved.
25c and 50c; Box Seats.. 75e. - Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. 25c; Children. 10c.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-DAY!
BIG CELEBRATION
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY
AT NIGHT.
Telephone For "Seats— Park 23. .
S®b* RACING
•^¦gffig^Sgg^T ivtryWeekDay-
jSr Rain or Sblns.
Ni-W CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUiS
OAKLAND RACETRACK. J
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. \
Firry-boat leaves. San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:^0. 2, 2:iJ0 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. ¦ Buy your
ferry tickets to . Shell Mound. All trains vi*
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh ' and Broadway, . Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda I mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric Cars
co direct to the track in fifteen minute*.. ,
Returning — Trains leave the. track at- 1:15
end 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the lajt
1 a °THOMAS H. ¦ WILLIAMS JR., President. , ,
. CH AS. F. PRICE, Secy, and Msr. •
} NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CLEANLY^ AGE.
Twentieth Century Ideas ; Incline
Toward Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists believe that in
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention
of diseases.
. To prevent a disease, remove the cause.
• Just as unclean habits breed many, dis-
eases, so • careless . habits ' will breed : dan-
druff. Improper use of another's brushes,
combs, etc., will surely, cause dandruff,
and In time will. Just as surely cause
baldness. • ,
It's mlcroblc infection, nothing more
nor less. ' ; ','• - ' •¦ ¦-¦'¦'- ~
Newbro's Herpicide kills 1 the ; dandruff
germ, and causes hair to grow luxuriant-
ly. --Herpicide 'is absolutely* free:;froni
jrrease or other injurious substances.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•onrnraHT it*, it thc nncTii * twiu co. cin«kn«ti .
'¦ ¦ *
rp=i]HOICE bed sets in Irish point lace,
;|||k or tamboured, embroidered muslin,
HHH should be washed with Ivory Soap
to preserve their beauty. If they are of an
ecru tint, a little strong coffee should be
added to the rinsing water. The vegetable 1
oils of which Ivory Soap is made fit it for
many special uses, for which other soaps
are unsafe and unsatisfactory •
IVORY SOAP IS 99 4 >iS> PER CENT. PURE.
Should Women Remove Their Hats
in Church?
Read What Pastor, Layman and
Clubwoman Say.
Remarkable Cure o! Little Gladys
Sullivan at Lourdcs.
f^ The Mysterious Crimes oi-
f San Francisco.
/ ' IVITR^TTP '* \ Forty Ycars a Teacher
/ I llC A I V in the Public Schools.
I Cf TKfl\ AV V Pictures oi the Mardl
43VlNlliAl I Gras.
si B - • ¦ *
I f 1 IT T # The Actor Colony o!
Y / San Francisco.
Y . a Rea^How Many of Our Local The-
' ( v M a'rical Lights Live When at Home
How Millions) Do You
ThinK Were Sptnt m Charity \
Last Year?
Next Week, "Brockman's Maverick."
-¦¦•-• ¦ fi - •'¦ •¦ -— : ~ —
Eight Pages of Color That Arc Pleasing
to the Eye.
c - ¦; ' — ©A TRIO OF WELC-KNOWN GOLFERS
and;a scene familiar to vis
itors AT PRESIDIO LINKS.
Bed Men "Will Dance.
Sotoyome Tribe No. 12 nt the Improved
Order of Red Men will. give a ball lrt
Union Square Hall to-night in commemo
ration of the anniversary, of the birth of
.Washington. It Is to be a complimentary
8^8 o ; clo5£ erand march is announced f or
Will Celebrate St. David's Eve.
', The Cymrodbrian " Society fof California
will give • a grand ; vocal : . and ' instrumental
concert at '• Pioneer -Hail: on • Friday even-"
ing next in celebration of St. David's eve.
An extensive • programme ¦ has . been - ar
ranged and the music rendered at the con
cert will be' distinctly Welshv . • ., .,. -
Breweries ¦ Sued for Damages.
The suit of Bartholemew Jeziorski
against, the San . Francisco • Breweries,
Limited, has. been transferred from the
Superior: Court of Santa.' Clara County to
the United States Circuit Court. Jeziorski
demands $46,155 : damagres for ' injuries ' re
ceived in . October, 1900. by * the i f allt of • a
structure In the FredrickEburgr Brewery.*
Trapshooters and Flycasters.
- Two sporting events arranged for to-day
are contingent on the weather. If the' day
be clear the Golden Gate Gun Club will
formally open the trap-shooting season
at Ingleside. There will be four events,
live birds being used in alL
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club will meet , at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park, to complete the events
postponed from last Saturday.
The opening 1 bluerock shoot for the sea
son of the Millwood Gun Club/ which was
to be held to-day at Manzanlta,; has been
postponed owing 1 to the new grounds be
tr"g unfinished" ~> Vi'ThWJB^^ ".'¦-•'
Hegarty Fight.
Selected by Yosemite Club for Britt-
Phil Wand will referee the Britt-Heg
arty • fight . next' Friday nig-ht ' at '-.. -• Me
chanicB' - Pavilion. * The ]•: selection , of j a
referee was left in the hands of the club
officials, who named Wand. The princi
pals have ratified their action., :.,, .
The' preliminary : bouts * have ,•', been ; ar
ranged. - Harry Foley and Dave ;'» Barry
will. box eight rounds at 160 pounds. - Kid
McFadden» will • meet ¦' Spider -Welch f in j a
ten-round bout. , ¦¦¦¦•-¦•. *"¦. \y. g
PHU.WAND WTLL REFERJBE .
Handball Experts at Play.
The handball matches in Phil Ryan's
court to-morrow will be between. the fol
lowing players:
T. Finn and 3. McNam&ra vs. P. Farrell and
T. Sweeney; T. Serres and J. Olynn vs. E
White, and A. WTjltemani.M. Dillon and D.
Connelly vs. J. Lawless and W. ?lelly; O. Mc-
Donald and U. R&coulllat vs. M. McNeil and
D. Rosens; R. Doyle and M. Klrby vs. J. E\)ley
and E. Barer' P. Ryan and W. Walsh v«. "W.
Kavanaugh and H. H. Llesneri J. Collins and
E. Curley vs. J. White and W. Magulre ; J. C.
Nealon and R. Llnehan'vs. J. Fitzgerald acl
M. J. Kllsallos.
The games to be played in the Occi
dental Club courts follow:
G. Kelly and V. Holland' vs. "W. Ganey and
F. Holland; J. H. Kennealy and O. Johnson
%s. F. Robertson and V. Hayes; Dr. • N. B.
Wachhonst and H. Orr vs. W. Rancell and M.
Dolan; W. Fisher and C. Barry vs. J.P. Duffy
and G. B. Hay-ward; J. Condon and'G.^Cun
ninjeham vs. A. Collins and T. Clements; W.
Collins and F. Hi. nes vs. J. D. Mahoney and
H. Cory.
p*^pslHE golfers will have a busy time
I ' all around the bay to-day. On
I the Presidio links there will be a
H handicap over . eighteen holes,
-¦ "-medal play. ; The first eighteen
holes played during, the day must be reck
oned for score. - The eight players - who
make the lowest gross scores will be held
to have qualified for the : opening matcli
playground for the Council's cup^'V C/Vi;
There will be a-, tournament for i mem
bers-on the links of the Oakland Golf
Club to-day.
In ; the .first . competition for the new
Council's cup for ladles of the San Fran-"
Cisco Golf Club, the qualifying rounds for
which were held on Monday morning,*
eight ladies entered, but two of these,
Mrs. E. "A. Belcher and Mrs. Douglas
Watson, dropped out, Mrs. Belcher mak
ing no returns- and Mrs. Watson retiring.
Mrs. R.; G. Brown's second rouhd # of 4D
was the best of the day 'for nine holes,
and her score of 103-was the best for, two"
rounds. .Miss Florence lives made 61, 56,
total 107; Miss Alice Hager's score was
60,-68,' total 118; Miss Sarah Drum's card
showed 61, 69, total 120; Miss TAlice Hoff
man's returns were "62, 61, total" 123, . and
Miss I Edith I Chesebrough went round in
67, 65/ total 132. . The course was somewhat
heavy, from . the rain of Sunday, and in
most cases temporary teeing grounds and
holes were used to avoid cutting up the
soft ' turf :> of ? the putting * greens. On
"Wednesday morning the winners in the
three - matches * were i, Mrs.' R. < G. ' Brown,
Miss Alice Hoffman ¦ and Miss Alice Ha
ger. In. the semi-final round played yes
terday morning Miss .- Alice Hoffman was
niatcMed ;' against -Miss Alice Hager ; and
Mrs. R: G. Brown drew the bye. The
final round between Mrs. R. G. Brown
and > the f winner • of :>¦ the Hoffman-Hager
match s wlll ¦ be > played on • Monday ; morn
ing, beginning at 9:30.-
The tournament ' committee of the San
Francisco Golf I Club, consisting of War
ren Gregory, - W. • E. ¦" Lester ¦ and : H. . C.
Golcher, has Issued* a* schedule of events
to take place during the months of March
and 'April;-'.- I^, . ¦ " •;'.•. ,::v-';
, Saturday, March 1, a - home-and-home
tournament between class B. teams repre
senting • the ; San Francisco and": Oakland
Golf clubs will begin: and- wlir be finished
on' Saturday,- March 8. -. .
Saturday, March 15, there will be a
tournament ¦ with .' . handicap : against
"bogey" over, eighteen : holes, the entrance
fee being 50 cents. j'-.v •.
; ! . Saturday, ; March ¦ 29, there will ¦ be a
handicap , over: eighteen holes, medal play,
for the Liverpool silver medal," at' present
held" by C. R. - Wlnslow, who won It on
Isew* Year's day .with^a' score of 92 Jess
8,i net 84. . 7 -.; r - /-.- . - ¦¦-^: ¦c : r c*;?." ->--:-~'i
-Saturday, April 5;'the second home-and
home tournament ; between class ! A -, teams
of ' the i Oakland • and San Francisco clubs
.will, begin,: and .on Saturday, April 12, it
will be completed: \ .. -
¦>- Saturday, April 19,. there will be a han
dicap match <,play '-between '>class'' : 'A> and
class B teams, eight men on each team.
Thursday,- "May/ 1, t there will : be a \ han
dicap over s eighteen holes; medal': play,
open to : all members - of clubs on j the Pa
cific Coast. -Whenever ' possible ; entrants
will be i -handicapped .according- to, their
standing. in; their. own clubs. - :-.
The most v Interesting and > important
golfing events s ever ; held I on the Pacific
Coast are rapidly, approaching.'. These are
the second 'annual; contest fori the men's
amateur - championship % ;¦ of *,'-• the - Paciflo
Coast Golf -Association and' the third an
nual competition I for • tho open champion
ship of ¦Southern California. Both J events
will be held : on ¦ the links of the Los An
geles Country.; Club." The amateur cham
pionship ;- contest : will begin ' on } Monday,
I The South End Rowing, Club will In fu
ture hold its meeting on the first and third
Thursdays . Instead of on the second and
fourth Tuesdays of the month, as has
been the practice for a long. time. At the
last meeting of the members It 'was de
cided that the club will hold its usual
outing and picnic, but no date has been
set. It is proposed to bring the members
together by a series of entertainments
during the rowing season. The first of
these will take place In April. There will
be' boat races over a short course,^ indoor
exercises and music, the object: being 'to
bring the members to the clubhouse and
give them an opportunity to meet one an
other socially. J. .: . . . '
| The boats owned by the club -have late
ly been undergoing repairs and are In
good condition. They are much used on
Sundays for excursions on the bay. The
Whitehallg .will be in demand for moon
light trips! . ¦-.;.¦-.
A. P." Rothkopf, who was recently ap
pointed rowing commissioner by President
w. B. Hinchman of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic Union, does not
see a good prospect for open regattas this
year. The El Campo course is not avail
able for rowing races, while the cove at
Tlburon is too much cumbered with- arks,
yachts and other craft during the summer
and does not afford a long enough course
for important regattas. , The suggestion
has often been made to establish a row
ing course on Oakland Creek, . from the
Alameda narrow-gauge mole up. the
estuary, but a course cannot - be estab
lished* there without the co-operation of
the railroad company. A suggestion was
once made that the lagoon behind Tib
uron, in which the yachts are laid up dur
ing the winter, should be dredged out and
floodgates put in at the drawbridge. Noth
ing ever came of this suggestion and now
there is much more . likelihood - that ; the
lagoon will be filled up than that it will
be. dredged out' The old Long* 'Wharf
course, which has been the scene of; bo
many aquatic events, has been rendered
unavailable by the march of improve
ment In that . part of the . city. ? The only,
sheet of water within reasonable ' distance
of San • Francisco is Lake Merrltt, ¦ on
which the Oakland people gave a success
ful regatta last ' year. '- It ' Is probable a
similar event will be given this year, and
that '- the championships < in :.'. the . various
classes will" be decided '¦ at that' regatta-
The experience gained by the managers
last year will enable them to » make sev
eral improvements,- such as providing bet
ter dressing-rooms and accommodations
for launching their boats for.the oarsmen
and starting the events more punctually..
• A barge crew of the Olympic Boat Club
was out on the bay, last Sunday,, and get
ting caught in. the storm, had i a: rough
time. The men were . at , last rescued • by
one of McNeil's -launches, which ; put out
to their aid from Tiburon. ' ¦;
The members of the, California Tennis
Club will hold the first Important tourna
ment of the year to-day on their courts.
It will be a straight handicap singles open
to the members of the club only. It was
the original intention of the tournament
committee -to hold an open class singles,
but as those In favor of the latter were
in the minority the committee decided to
make it a handicap event. In an affair
of this kind the chances of the poorer
players are much better than in a class
event
The last tournament held on the club
courts was a straight handicap singles,
and It seems unfair to the better players
to have a similar event without a clasB
or scratch, tournament between. The
poorer players are more numerous than
the cracks, but the latter are entitled to
more consideration than. the former and
should not be expected to go - through
every tournament saddled with a heavy
handicap. Aside from this the class tour
nament is more interesting to both
players and spectators than a handicap.
In the former some good matches are
brought out in the classes, while in the
latter a first class man allowing a fourth
class man odds of "half forty" could
hardly be called a good match or an in
teresting one.
It Is doubtful if the Whitney brothers
will take part. Should they not Collier
and Grant Smith will be the scratch men.
An effort is being made to get some of
the former champions to enter, but out
side of Gus Taylor It is not thought that
any will take part. The clubmen are de
sirous of having Tom Drlscoll enter, as
many are of the opinion he could beat
any of the first class men.
The following have already entered:
Collier, H. W. Crowell, J. D. Mac-
Gavin, Fred Brown, Merle Johnson, Sher
wood Adams, Grant Smith, Chet Smith,
Frank Stringham, Harry Haight. Will
Allen, Lieutenant Kempff, Ray Cornell,
Carl Gardner.- James Code, Sidney Salis
bury. Herbert Schmidt, Jack Gibson,
Charles Kuehn, Al Kenyon, Clyde - Beal
B. G. and L. . O. Wood, A. . Beyfuss, A.
Ames, W. Morton, Dr. Lane, I* Cutler
and Dr. Noble. Many, more en tries, are
expected this morning. Prizes will be
presented - to . the four ¦ players ¦ reaching
the semi-finals. If possible the tournament
will be completed to the semi-flnal round
to-day. The semi-flnal and finals will be
played to-morrow.
There will also be a large tournament
in Oakland to-day. The Coquelcot Tennis
Club, recently reorganized, will hold Its
initial tournament of class singles. The
Alameda Tennis Clubmen also intended
holding a tournament, declared It off and
accepted the invitation of the Oakland
Club to take part In its event. Such men
as Hunt and the Murdocks will add con
siderable class to the tournament.
The Polytechnic High School try-out
was to have been held . on Thursday, .but
had to . be postponed on account of rain.
It ¦ will be played off I- next week* ¦* In a
match on Tuesday for third place on the
Lowell High School team Alec, Beyfuss
beat John Cassell three sets out of; four.
In case Rosenberg is unable to play in the
Academic matches his place will be taken
by Beyfuss. ,
The clubhouse I built near the • Golden
Gate Park courts has been completed and
the players find It a great convenience.
The rooms are fitted with showers and
lockers, and the players are able to play
in the regulation tennis > costume. . -
From present appearances the forth
coming dog show of the San Francisco
Kennel Club will outclass any similar
affair ever held here. Special prizes are
being offered so rapidly that if ; it I con
tinues there will be, something handsome
for. every dog in the show.
Manager L. A. Klein received a letter
on Thursday from George H. Ketcham,
owner : of "Cresceus, the ¦¦ trotting: king,
offering a silver cup for competition. He
explained that in this manner he wished
to acknowledge the courtesies he had re
ceived while on this coast . from A. B.
Spreckels, who is president of the Ken
nel ¦¦ Club. • ¦ ¦
| The | Bulldog = Club .of America has bf«
fered a cup. . There Is also one from
Julius Redelsheimer, president 3 of Pacific
Kennel' League. Among the other donors
of cups are Mrs. W. C. Ralston,- Miss
Ethel Tompkins, J. H. Dorian, . E.: C.
Plume, P. C. Meyers, I. C. Ackerman,
the Collie Club, the Cocker Club, Pacific
Bulldog Club and . the president of the
California Cocker Club. "
All the way from Middle Essex, South
Lincoln, Mass.,, will: come . a pack of
beadles, entered by J.'A. Higglnson, mas
ter of the Hunt Club. They will be in
competition with hounds from the San
Mateo County . Hunt Club* Francis , J.
Carolan master, and' from the Country
Club at Point Reyes. Entries are ex
pected from other- packs. . -i'. ¦ ..'¦-. .-¦-¦¦•-::-
There 'will be more than $500 In prizes
for : the greyhounds, of which there will
be a representative entry. . .
March 8, will continue through March - 4
and 6 and be concluded March 6. The en
tries will include Ernest R. Folger, the
winner of the championship '¦¦ at the first
competition held last year on the Presidio
links ; John Lawson, B. D, Adamson and
J. W. Byrne of the San- Francisco 'Golf.
Club: ' W.i P. 1 Johnson, .F. 8. Stratton,' R.
M. Fitzgerald : and J. A. 'Folger of the
Oakland Golf Club; C, E. Maud of the
Riverside* Polo and Golf .. Club; H. M:
Sears, William i Frederickson and ' N. ,' \ F.'
¦Wilshlre i of , the Los ' Angeles Country
Club, and C. B. Orr • of • the Pasadena'
Country Club. -It la expected this list will
be considerably lengthened before the en
try list closes on, the 25th inst: at the.of
fice of T. P. Gower, 17 Beale street, San
Francisco. • Of the Southern .;-California
golfers C. E. Maud has twice been . the
runner-up ; for the . amateur - championship
of that part of the . State, and has won the
Del Monte , cup twice; . C. - JX- Orr wa9
amateur champion of Southern California
In- '1900; ; <H. M. Sears .; made 'the lowest
score in the qualifying: round In the first
contest ; held ' for ¦ the Pacific - Coast .' ama
teur " championship ; on ¦ the • Presidio ' links
In ', 1901," 'being beaten in: the. first match
play "round 6y • John Lawson;- W.-Fred
erlckson won. a bronze ' medal for " getting
into the semi-final round: of • that ¦¦ contest,
and N. J F.Wilshire is a strong player. •
. On : March 7- and 8, also on : the links of
the Los "Angeles Country :Club> there will
be a contest over 72 holes, medal play; for
the open <. championship , of , Southern Cali
fornia.' All golfers, -v professional - or ama
teur, ¦• whether belonging to a . club . In the
Southern ¦ Calif ornla . Golf Association or
not, are • invited : .; ta enter. - , Many % well
known Eastern: amateurs .are expected to
compete/ among them- being Walter Fair
banks ; of Denver, the . present • holder, of
the ' amateur championships of :<• Southern
California: W.K.'Jewett of Philadelphia,
and V A: : M. ; Robbins, - an ¦ Eastern • golfer,
now resident on. the Paciflo Coast. Among
the professionals who will play are Willie
Anderson, open champion of • the . United
States in . 1901; > Alexander 'Smith, C second
in" the~open championship- of -the
Slates In 1901; >. Willie Smith, open! cham
pion f of the United States » in 1899 ; 3 David
Bell; t.whoV was Ifirst* of. the professionals
resident In this country/In the open cham
pionship of : 1900; ; Robert Johnstone,~ win
ner 1 of ,the open event" at Del: Monte | last
year," and F. J.t Reilly.' of the Burllngame
Country., Club. ' : , ¦ :
At theydrst meeting of the new.board of
directors of the Corinthian Yacht, Club
Charles L. Barrett was chosen treasurer
and J. C. Brickell secretary. George W.
Harrold was appointed to the office of
measurer. - It was decided that a meeting
of - yacht owners ,be held in the Mer
chants' Exchange on Friday evening, the
2Sth. inst., to prepare the schedule of
cruises for the. coming season.
The drawbridge into the lagoon will
probably • be raised qh Sunday, March 23,
the only other day in , next month on
which \ there is a favorable tide being
March 9, which is too early for tho
yachtsmen. . The -yacht owners will also
select, the opening day of the season,
which will almost certainly be Saturday,
April' 19, .the first cruise being taken on
Sunday, April 20. A. committee has been
appointed to prepare and take charge of
the Jinks • to be given at the clubhouse
on the evening of Saturday, April 19. It
consists of • J.- V. O'Brien, Frank W.
Thompson, W. ; C. Howe, E. J. Bowes,
Walter Crowell and L. Harris.
The directors have . determined to call a
special meeting, of members to reconsider
the assessment which the members at the
recent annual meeting, declared them
selves in favor of levying in order to meet
the increased expenditure of the club. It
is probable it will be decided to set aside
the assessment, and in -lieu thereof to
amend the by-laws of the club and make
the annual dues J15, instead of $12, as here
tofore. If the amendment is passed It will
become operative on the . 1st . of April of
this year. The opinion is generally enter
tained that" the dues of the Corinthian
Club are quite low when the number of
entertainments provided is considered.
and that the slight proposed increase of
dues will meet with no opposition. As-"
sessments are always unpopular, and the
remedy of the directors if a member re
fuses to pay an assessment Is. not quite
clear. The Increased income to arise from
the larger ¦ dues will :. not be received in
time to help the directors In meeting the
expenses of opening' day, but these can
doubtless be provided for. '-- - •
The California Yacht ; Club • has a com
mittee out working on its "annual" for
1902, which will bring the history , of the
club down to date, will. supply a chrono
logical list of the members in the order in
which their names stand on the roll, a list
of^the yachts, their owners and measure
ments, and much other useful matter. »' *
Ex-Governor George W. Baxter of Mon
terey Is in the city and has had a confer
ence with the secretary of the -San Fran
cisco -Yacht- Club rwith reference to the
possibility of a cruise to Monterey during
the summer. • The Governor expressed his
desire to offer a cur. as a prize for a
yacht race in -Monterey Bay* The yachts
men of San ¦ Francisco, however, . confine
themselves almost- exclusively, to bay sail-
Ing, and- there, is little-probability -that
more 'than two or, three owners could be
persuaded . to .take , their, boats out on a
cruise as far as Monterey.
The ,.' South . Bay yachtsmen propose to
have a barbecue at Alviso early in April
to be followed by, an illumination of the
club yachts and a - dance. This entertain
ment will be followed by others,: the ob
ject being tq= raise $2000 with which to
build . a clubhouse • at Alviso. The fleet
consists of seventeen boats, while two
more are being built. Commodore H A.
Spencer, is enthusiastic about the pros
pect of the club, having a house In less
than a year from now. ...
} Frank A. Bartlett and a friend were
cruising off Sausalito last - Sunday In a
small yawl when the storm. broke. They
had some ; difficulty -in . making Tiburon
Dr. ¦ Mattson r of > the Corinthian Yacht
Club; with his wife and brother,, were out
for a trip in a small ¦ launch -last Sunday
and found it Impossible to .- get back to
moorings at ITburon.- He" succeeded how
ever, • in r making : a I landing - : near The
Brothers lighthouse, whence the - party
walked in, the launch being f recovered
next day. , . - .
Tournaments for Open and
Amateur: Championships
of Coast 'Near at i Hand
Outlook Is Gloomy for a
Suitable Place on ; Which
to Hold Their. Regattas
Will Meet in a Handicap
Singles Tournament at
the California- Cufr
Forthcoming - Exhibition'^ to
Be the 'Finest 3 Eyery : Held
on the "Pacific Coast
Busily -Arranging u Dates for
the vForthcoming: Season
of v Cruising ; Racing
Many Gracks Will Qualify
. for ; Council's ;Cup : : and
Strive for Silver Medal
OARSMEN SEEK
A NEW COURSE
TENNIS ADEPTS
ON THE COURTS
MANY PRIZES
FOR DOG SHOW
YACHTING MEN
ARE ALL ASTIR
HANDICAP. GOLF
ATVTHE iRESipiO
AND 'OAKLAND
,"De Britt boy fer mine,". said Lefty
Bannon, the . south side philosopher, to
his Telegraph Hill friend Jimmy the Goat,
as they stood in . the cheerless shadow
of Jim Griflm's; Joint discussing the re
cent fistic contest between Toby Irwin
and Jimmy Britt. '
"Say, you rock rollers tuk er fierce slide
wen de sout' uv de slot champ brought
home de coin uv de realm frum de bum
town acrost de bay>
"I guess dat steam launch club In de
gallery didn't take to de hills wid de fish
horns and de bells dey copped frum de
king goats * on d© top uv Telegraph Hill
wen de guy- wid de long hair an de swell
'togs'. Xruntcl© slice below de big cable
slots began , ter wade inter Toby like he
wuz takin" er duck in de Brannan-stxeet
sewer. ;
¦ "Say, it wuz de first time south of Mar
ket and Telegraph Hill clashed since da
rock. -rollers 'an' do old Slough gang got
tangled up over a south side pickle fac
tory ¦ ladies* muss wld do foreman uv de
North Beach wire wqrks.
' "An' say, I guess dat old line push
didn't cum through wld de anto-duluvian
(like , de woida?) feelin' uv bother wen
Jimmy Britt an' Toby duked each udder
before de mix-up In de first round. Mickey.
da Shoe, an' hla bunch from Eighth and
Brannan wuz trunked- up wld Buck
Nolan's push f rum Billy Goat slide- on de
Sausalito frunt uv Telegraph -*TPi.
: "Dey- got ter bettin' pickle factory time
checks on de fight, an' wen de cars begun
ter run yesterday mornln* de whole bunch
frum North Beach had to hofl! it trou der
sout' : slde on dere way ter wurk.
bunch frum de glass house went
ter dere Joba In old man McLaughlan's
hacks and wen de 12 o'clock whistle
blowed dey all made a bee line fer de
first steam beer joint in sight. Say, dey
backed de booze clerks off de boards..
"Nunna uv dem went against de trough
fer de mlddday stew." Say, dey Just kept
dere frunta up against de booze counters
an' talked nuttln but de rasamazoo de
sout* side idol give de pride uv Telegraph
Hill.
"De only guy sout' uv da Market-street
trench dat kin lasso himself to er six
inch collar, er raglan coat an* a pair uv
patent leather shoes wid a shine on 'em
dat wud make Sopolio a drug on de mar
ket an' sallie around de sout'. side widout
being hooked up wid a danger signal is
de Britt boy. Say, since he put de pride
of Telegraph Hill on de blink Jimmy kin
get as many votes as his old man runnln'
fer anything on de ticket frum Mayor
down ter secretary uv de Teamsters'
Union.- Say, dat lonj hair an' polished
frunt stunt dat Jimmy does up at the
Olymplo^Club an*, along de primrose path
don't cut any cheese wid de bunch on do
soutf side. Dey get de last play, 'cause
wen de Britt boy is -trou mingling wld
do fashion plate outfit he hez ter report
down ter Sixth an' Mission ter get da
password home.
"Say, dl yer see dat American flag belt
T& a >,f reea «, rn ?. b< i a aroun <* »t dat de souf
side champ flashed up wid in de rin«2 Say
dat wuz a present frum thar CanmakerV
Union. Some uv de Telegraph Hill bunch
.copped it after de fight- an" de bunch la
back? ° b^ reward ter *«* **
T^'9. n * ae jf« uar «. if dey ' don't find flat
Irish-American emblem before de week is
Pm 1 *^ 01 .So,nmitz and Chief Wittman
l 1 .^* a civil war on dere hands. Some
Saturday gang frum de Britt
stronghold -.'111 charge de Telegraph Hill
stockades and dere'll be more rockrollers
sent ter de boneyard.
.."Did yer hear de low down erbout dat
big,floral piece dat wuz sent. ter Jimmy's
dressing room before de fight? Say, cock
yer -drums on dls spiel, fer Its got any
thing yer hear at de Orpheum skinned, er
Salt Lake block. De day before de fight
in Oakland an old guy dat Jimmy Brttfa
dad put to work In de Street Department
wen he had Mayer Phelan's Job, ordered a
big floral piece fer ter be de whole show
at a 'wake. In de middle uv de piece wnz
de wolds 'Rest in Piece." Well, before de
wake came oft de old guy got Into a mix
up wid de sorrowing family and he done
a hot foot to de florist's and made him
tear out de 'Rest in Piece' gag and put
dere Instead in shamrock "leaves and Po
trero buttercups de wold 'Success.' "
"Den he made his kid, who wuz er frend
of Jimmy's, take it over ter Oakland and
put it in Jimmy's dressin' room. While
Jimmy wuz puttin' de Pride of Teleerauh
Hill on de pork special de old guy dat sent
de floral piece fixed up hla row wid de
push dat wuz runnln' de wake. He wuz'nt
dere : wld de necessary ter buy er new
floral piece, so he sent de corner grocerv
man over ter Oakland ter get back de wuh
he sent Jimmy. ¦<
"Wen de sout* side champ got back ter
de dressln* room after wlnnln' de fight d.»
floral piece wuz gone; guy .tuk.lt back
ter der florist and^had de shamrock and
buttercups put on de bum and de 'Rest in
Piece' gag put back. Wen de wake came
off last night de guy an\hi3 floral Dlece
wtjz dere wid curf ew3. ¦ ¦¦¦ »
"Well, I've got ter choke off now I «rot
a date wld Harry Corbett ter have a cel
lar excavation talk over matchln* Jimmy
wld Jeffries. BBQEBSSHOShfl
The first of the Interstate Coursing
Club's Important meetings of the year
•will be held to-day and to-morrow at
Union Park. The card embraces the Belle
Brandon cup stake and the California
plate. . -;v-:
The former Is for greyhounds whelped
last year, and has attracted all the great
young dogs in training. The only notable
absentee will be George MacE. Malcolm's
Matters Much. In trials this young miss
proved in a class by herself and was
thought to hold everything In the stake
safe. Unfortunately she was taken down
with distemper some days since and had
to be withdrawn.
George JCethercott's Pocotala and D. J.
Healey's John McKenna meet In the first
round, and the winner is expected . to
¦work his way well Into the stake. All
the entries from these kennels have been
given plenty of practice after hares. W.
Rcught's Silver Heels has also had ex
perience. . . * : v ¦'
In order to prevent the young grey
hounds getting too much running a relief
dog will be liberated at the end of one
minute. The usual time is two minutes.
Two rounds of this stake will be run
to-day, leaving four dogs in for to-mor
row.
The California plate, for the all-age
division, will be run down one© to-da/.
The dogs beaten In the first round will
meet to-morrow In a consolation stake.
With the exception of Palo Alto and Sac
ramento Boy, all the crack greyhounds
cf the coast are entered. The owner of
Sacramento Boy was not a member of
the Interstate Club. The rules were sus
pended Justvbefore the draw and he was
elected. In the hurry incidental to the
draw bis dog's name was not entered on
the list and was thus out of the stake.
There will be trains to the park to-day
at 10:15 a. m. and 1 p. m. There will be
music by Blum's orchestra.
Harry Growtage and F. Ambrose Clark,
¦wealthy coursing' enthusiasts' of New
York, are in the city to witness the run
ning' of the two stakes.
Dr. F. P. Clark Is here from Stockton
to see his clever young greyhounds per
lorm.
D. J. Healey, the prince of Petaluma, Is
chaperoning a party of sportsmen from
his district. His dogs have a faculty of
•winning ¦ and his friends always find them
good enough to bet on.
Tommy Hall, the veteran Merced cours
ing man, will be renewing acquaintances
at the park to-day. ••» -^
Condrey & Rought, the Sacramento
coursing men, are here.
G. W. Coombs has bought Rustic Arbor
from Pasha Kennels.
Louis Homan has bought Chief o* the
Hill, by Boomerang-Nellie Grey.
Hike Sheehan's Pretty Mollle has
¦whelped a litter of seven puppies by
Thornhill.
W. Cairns has afided to hie kennel, hav
ing secured Melrose Boy, by Dudley Dia
mond-Koolawn, and Eastlake, . by Da
kota-Lurllne.
Koolawn <iias been mated with imp. For
tuna Favente, and Port Costa Lass has
bi-en mated with Fetter Free.
S. A. Smith Is the owner of the last
l:tter by Sylvanus. There are five pup
pies in all. .
The "winners In the first round of the
stakes to-day look to be:
Belle Brandon cap — Step . On, Una, Major
Mason, Don't Know, Phosphorus, • Virginia,
Cosette, Young McGregor, . Creswlck, - Silver
Heels. Can't Tell, ChUly Knlrht, Daisy D.
Quit*. Pocotala, Maid of Terminus.
California plate — Rona, Rector,. Wild Koran,
Ireland, Royal Union, Roy Huphle, Little Bis
ter, Charta, Roman Athlete, Plery Face, 61b
<juoc, Tralee Boy, Merrtmac^A. J. Martin, War
Katie, America, Aeolus, Flying Fox, Rocker,
Real Article, Fine Fire, Leola, Firm Fellow,
Liberator, Harlean Gladys, Beacon, Homer
Boy. Game Boy, Royal Archer, Tlburon, Freda
C, Narcissus. . '¦''-»'¦>•:
Has. Pity for the Telegraph
! -Hill Rockrollers Who Had
.Money Wagered on Irwin
Beacon, Rector, Luxor, Flying
Fox, Rural Artist, Homer
Boy and Others Compete
The ' Sou'hside • Philosopher
Finds Much Comfort- in
the Work of His Friend
Greatest Greyhounds in
America Will Start To- Day
at Union Coursing Park
LEFTY BANNON
DISCOURSES ON
BOXER BRITT
LEASHMEN COME
FROM AFAR TO
SEE DOGS RUN
THE ;SAN FK^NCISCO CAtL, SATURDAY^ FEBRLlj^RY 32, 1902;
GOLFERS ARE RREP ARING FOR PACIFIC COAST CHAMPIONSHIPS
8The number, of contestants for seats in
the Board of Supervisors was consider
ably reduced yesterday by a decision of
Judge Muraaky, who granted a motion
made by Attorney K.-J. Pierce, who rep
resenta the Labor, candidates, \ that the
suits against the Democratic and Repub
lican nominees, with the exception of Al
pers, Eggers, Bent and Wilson and all of
the Labor candidates but Walsh, Coghlan,
Finn x and Reagan be dismissed. The dis
missal will greatly facilitate the recount.
The standing of those ¦ remaining in the
contest is aa follows: :-."*'. '
Only Eight C andidates
Now Interested in
the Recount. ,
GRANTS MOTION
FOR DISMISSAL
SEATTLE, Feb. 21. — Fire partially destroyed
the Puget Sound Bridge and Dredge Company's
big dredger San Diego, anchored in Elliott
Bay, this afternoon. The loss Is estimated at
from $15, COO to ? 20, 000.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
— Little Tommy Tucker won, Anna Darling
second. Bequeath third. Time, 1:56.
• Second race, six furlongs — Zack Ford won,
Echodale second, Leroy D third. Time. 1:18%.
Third race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards^ — Digby Bell won. Jessie Jarboe second.
Mem* Welstell third. Time. 1:60%.
Fourth race, selling, one mile and a six
teenth — Prestome won. Dr. Carrlck second.
Little Lola third. Time. 1 :54.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards — Avator won, Dramburg second. Corinne
C third. Time. 1:54.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 21.— Reg-Its :
Flrat race, seven furlongs— Chickadee won
Panther . second, Frank Jones third. Time.
1 .3o.
New Orleans Racing.
Judge Troutt, In deciding that Mra.
Ryan waa sane, did not take Into consid
eration the testimony offered by the wit
nesses summoned by Mrs. Pettee's or
H rs - attorneys. He said that in
his opinion the mere fact that the doctor-
In charge of the hospital for the insane
at Napa had discharged her aa sane waa
enough to convince him that the woman
waa capable of managing her own affairs.
The restoration to competency of Mrs.
Ryan was opposed by Mrs. Pettee, who
declared that the woman was a heavy
drinker and not capable of taking care of
her estate, which consists of a few per
sonal adornments and a monthly remit
ta "co received from, relatives in England.
jr, M^ S - ? y K. n w^, ote to Judge Tiroutt and
inlormed him that she wished to be re
stored to capacity because Mrs. Pettee
was interfering with her affairs and at
tempting to direct her in matters which
Mrs. Ryan said she felt capable of per
rormlng with as good judgment as her
guardian. To settle the qusetion of com
petency Judge Troutt requested th*>
woman s attorney, J. L. Copeland, to pe
tition the court to restore his client to
capacity.
This was done, and with the petition aa
objection to Mrs. Pettee's account aa
guardian was also filed. The account of
Airs. Pettee shows that she received 480
from Mrs. Ryan's relatives during the
months of August and September of last
year and $5 50 from the United Service
Society. ..The account shows that she paid
out $106 40. Judge Troutt refused to ap
prove the account without Investigation.
Mrs. Ryan has one child, a son, who fs
16 years of age. When his mother was
declared insane he asked the court to
appoint S. L. Morris, a friend of his
mother, as guardian. Morris accordingly
petitioned for letters of guardianship, but
they were refused him.
Mrs. Catherine Ryan, who was released
from the Napa Insane Asylum last De
cember, was restored to competency yes
terday by Judge Troutt, and the letters
of guardianship over her person and es
tate issued to Mrs. John Pettee last July.
when Mrs. Ryan, who is also known as
Mrs. Hartridge, was declared Insane,
were revoked.-
Judge Troutt Restores a
"Remittance Woman"
to Capacity.
SAYS MRS. RYAN
IS NOT INSANE
over 126 pounds he_will.forfeiT$500. ".
. The fighters will enter the; ring Vat 9
o'clock and* will '.box*: twerity-flve rounds,
straight Marquis " of Queensberry rules
for -60>\per: cent, of ¦: the gate receipts:
Seventyrflve per cent of this will go to the
winner and ,-25 per cent' to the loser. "¦ J
• ; McGovern j with his. manager, 'Sam Har
ris, and 'his : trainers; Charles - Mayhood.
Joe Humphreys and Hugh McGovern, .will
arrive In : the'clty - to-morrow ' morning at
8*15 o'clock from Cincinnati, where Mc-
Govern' has been in training. Sullivan is i
In Louisville, where he has heen prepared
for. the contest' by Tom . Sharkey. Bob
Armstrong, the negro heavyweight, and
Joe Sieger. The latter was "Young" Cor
bett's sparring partner when he trained
for his fight with McGovern on Thanks
giving clay.
Bob Fitzsimmons. who will referee the
contest, "arrived in the city to-night.
¦..« The prospects }ire that the largest cro-wd
•that ever witnessed a fight In Kentucky
will be on hand when time la called.
Nearly every seat in the house has been
already sold. ? • - ¦
t|- OUISVIL.L.E, . Ky., . Feb. . 21.— All
II arrangements - for the fight be-
I ;.•¦ .-.tween , Terry McGovern and Dave
\*—^ Sullivan to-morrow night before
the Southern Athletic . Club, in
this city,, have : been ; completed. ¦ Repf
resentatives ; of . the fighters say -they are
in prime condition forlthe contest.' Both
men have ; finished their training and* will
weigh ' In r at: the 'Auditorium' to-morrow'
afternoon at 3 o'clock, when,' according. to
the agreement, t if either tips ; the. scales at
RAILWAYS PLAN
A CONSOLIDATION
Bankers' Committee in
Cleveland Issues a;
Statement.
.'CLEVELAND, , :, Ohio, : Feb. : 21.—The
bankers' committee of the Everett- Moofe
Syndicate to-day issued r the following of
fclalli statement concerning the sale of
•tl>o "Big '-.Consolidated" -street railway
system of this city:-. \
*s "A Syndicate headed- by Horace N.. An
drews; has contracted for the entire hold
ings of : stock of the ' Everett^Moore .syn
dicate, in j the Cleveland Electric Itail way
Companyi . The price at' which". the.' stock
will'be sold is $80,per share. ; The. Elkins-
Widener-Dolan 'syndicate, -which was
negotiating for the property, failed to
'xuakev-fc proposition satisfactory to the
committee." \ : ...'-. ¦ — -s '-'<-'<¦'¦.;¦ . ' -¦ " v-r
v-. ¦Andrews,' who ; was formerly president
of jthe: '.'Big Consolidated," has already
a holding of. stock In the company esti
mated..at\20" peir cent jpf the ; whoIe^Mn
drder-.'to« secure f'full- control >'it!i_ said he
must : ' purchase | about ! 45,000 j shares more
at a cost of nearly $4,000,000." "Andrews arid
his associates also" • are "large- holders of
the Btock of the Cleveland City Railway
Company, known locally as the "Little
Consolidated," of which Senator Hanna is
president., , :' ' * *,' *:• '''¦•. "¦;'.'¦ •-¦'-¦-' '•
It is- understood .to be : the - purpose of
those -interested in the two companies to
effect a. consolidation.' Should; this be
clone it would place ¦ every, streetcar line
in the city under the control of one 'com-"
pany.* - - - ; ' "" •¦-•¦:• -~-\ : -- ¦'¦'¦'¦:>-.¦¦ '
The > sale -of the '-'Big- Consolidated,", it
is said, will. in. a great relievo
the situation which ; forced the 'Everett-
Moore syndicate to .seek the rassistance
of the bankers' committee. The. sale of
the stock 'at $80 returns to Ithe * holding
members of the syndicate their* equity ; in
the "Big. Consolidated." ; -With : the col
lateral trust plan in, full operation to re
lieve the telephone^i>Haationi"it is be
lieved, the syndicate will practically be in
shape to go ahead and conduct the affairs
of its numerous other' interests. •-;.-;•: ••.
Expects (o Win This ; Contest and Thus Begin His Struggle for
the Title Wrested From Him by Young Gorbett at Hartford.
:"Bob; v Fife^ Boxers
FEATHERWEIGHT EX-CHAMPION FIGHTS
DAVE SULLIVAN TWENTY-FIVE ROUNDS
THE CALL'S RAOINQr FORM CHART
OAjgLAKDJ^jSETj^CK-^Fi^ay. Feb. 2L— Weather showery. Track aloppy^
3329. FIRST RACE — Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; to first. $325.
' .; - I . ¦« ¦' • - Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %.'* %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. '
3306 Nigrette- . 110 S ... 4 10 1 1 Tl Jennings & Co. .O"Connr 3-3 11-20
3312 Delsegno- ...113 1 ... 21 21 23 Chlnn & Forsyth-.Conley 60 60
3288 Tom Mitchell. 110.3 ... 3 2 3 2 35 G. P. McNeil Ransch 3 14-5
3204 Ml Reina ...110 4 ... 5155 45 Baldwin & Co.. .Ransom 6 8
3247. Maud Sherwood..lOS 2 ... 1145 5 10 D. Cameron..... Jackson 20 30
3204 Clarlnette 105 6 ... 62 68 0 10 H. J. Jones.. Hoar 60 60
3283 I>u Page... 108 7 ... 8 7 10 7 10 • F. D. Boas McGinn 100 80
Gulfla ............. 110 8 ... 7 i: 8 8 A. B. Spreckels..Macklln 60 25
Time — ",4,. :25; %, i:52. Good start. -.Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner, W.
B.' Jennings & Co.'s blk. f. by Midlothian -Twinkle. Nigrette stood a drive gamely and
- caught the leaders all out.' Mi Reina a disappointment. A few pounds of weight off suited
Delsegno.' Scratched — Elllston 113, J. II. Bennett 108, Len Reno 110, Olahurst 105.
3330. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
— — ,.- . r— — - ( " — . - — - Betting.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St %. y$. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op. Cl.
3317 Bassen-sb, 3......104 2 23 2 3 In 1 % C. J. Foy J. Daly 8-2 2
3314 Urchin, 6.......;.119 8 4h 3n 3 4 2n D.F. Cox....... Redfern '8 .' 6
(3310) Kllldoe. 8........1O4 3 1 \\t, 1 2 2 1 : 3 5 B. Schreiber Jackson 6-2 16-5
3316 Loyal S. 4..*. 116 5 6 5# 4 141 V. Gilbert Conley 30 40
3^28 Legal Maxim, 8.. 104 1 5 2 6 5 5 5 10 Jones & Co. .Blrkenruth 2 13-5
3203 Monda. 6.. .......119 4, 3 1 4 1^6 6 W. P. Fine Bullman| 15 20
Time— %, :25%; M, :52%; %, 1:21; %. 1:34. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. C. J. Foy's br. g. by Bassetlaw-Flrenzetta. Bassenzo closed strong, finishing on the
extreme outside. With a stronger rider up Urchin could have won. Kllldoe stopped. Legal
Maxim apparently had no . early speed. ¦ . ' . ¦
3331. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three -year -olds and up; to first, $325.
_____ __ ___ _____ . __ ___ _____ J Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. • Op. Cl.
3315 Bragg, 3......... 66 !'• In In 15 16 Curl & Co... Ransch 6 13-2
(3320) Redwald, 5 114 3 3 3 2 4 2 1O Jennings & Co. .Bull man 3 7
(3309) Duckoy, 5.. ..111 2 " 2 1% 2 5 ¦ 3 ¦ ¦ 3 G. B. Morris... O'Connor 1-3 1-5
Time— %, :26; %, :51; %,- 1:19: :, mile, 1:48%. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third
¦ driving. .Winner; Curl &¦ Co.'s .b. c. by Slddartha-Cantatrice. The only excuse for Duckoy
is that he tossed it up. . Bragg did not have to set a very fast clip. Redwald not partial
to slush. _ Scratched—Frangible 111. _ _ . ' ' - •¦ ¦ -
3332. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up; to first, $323.
- " ; . . < *: - I " • : '- ' - "• • Betting.
Index Horse, Age. WelghtlSt. 14.. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3116) Sombrero. 3 87 3 3 12 3 12 1 .n 1 4 G« B. . Morris.... Jackson * 4-5 3-5
(3311) Botany,' 3 . ; .". ... 96 2232 *_}_ 26 28 E. F.. Edwards. .Ransch 2 7-2
(3327) Dunblane, '5 ....114 4 4- 4 4 ' 3 5 Jennings & Co..Bullman / 6 " 25 '
(3231) Jcsle G, 3........ 02| 1 1 %-ln 3 6 4 J. S. Gibson J. Daly t 4 4
Time— %. :2t%: %, :00; %. 1:18%; L %. 1:32. .Good sUrt. Wen easing: up. Second and third,
i. driving.' .Winner, G. B.. Morris' ch. c.by Star Ruby-La Toquera. . Botany could not stand
a drive and Sombrero won at leisure. Dunblane slow to leave the barrier. Josle G gave
It up ¦ early. _ j^fngthy^ delay at _poBt. . - "¦ ¦*• - '¦¦ ¦¦ .'.;<; . .
3833. >FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs ; selling; three-year^lds ;* to first." $325.
¦¦-:¦ ¦ ••:.¦¦¦ •¦••. . .¦• ••.- . ¦" ¦ ¦ '. - .¦ .•••¦¦- -I I Betting.
Index Horse and ; Weight. St. .%. %. ' Str. . Fin. Owner, and Jockey. Op. -Cl.
3152 Waterscratch ....108 .2 8 2- 2 n l»n 12 Summers & Co.. O'Connor 7-5 3-2
3328 Evander, .........113 1 1 5 1 6 2 1%.2 2% Fisher & Co. I. .Bullman 6 10
320X Colonial Girl;.... 107 3 4 12 4 15 3 5 ¦• 3 10 W. M. Rogers. .Jackson 8-5 3-2
3235 Jacqueminot ..'.: .104 4 2n 34. 4 20 4 20 Jennings & Co .'..J. Daly 6 ,. ;8^
2999 El Chihuahua ...112 5.^5 5 5 6 Baldwin & Co... Ransom 10 sq
Time— U. :25%: %, :50;.%, 1:18. Ba4 start, Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, G. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by Watercress -Helen Scratch. Evander beat the barrier,
but was outclassed by winner. Colonial Girl cut off near three-eighths pole while trying
to get . through rall 1 '_ Too_ far _for_ Jy^u^rolnot.^ _ '___ _ _ /_;
3334. SIXTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
•- ¦•• • -.¦¦ ¦•.._¦••¦¦ .: -: .•¦ . ¦'.¦- • " ¦ - • ¦ • ¦ ~~~" ~ - -. . ~ • ."-, ¦¦¦. ;.-.: "¦•: •. : ¦ Betting.
Index Horse,', Age. Weight. St. ; ;#. %. ; Str. Fin. . Owner ¦ and Jockey. .. Op. CL:
3314 Siddons, .4 '......107 6 6 • 54 3% 11% T.H.Stevens.. O'Connor 8-5 6-5
S327 Sea ' Lion."-. a ....106 2 12 1 2% l'l 2 % Caesar Young. . .Jackson 5-2 11-5
S322 Hunsarlan..6 ....106 5 2 n -2 h 2 n 3 20 G. W. Miller. .. .Howson i 5-2 7-2
3285 Lavator? 6 .......103 3 3 n .3 n 4 4 ¦: 4 12 J. C. Nealon. .Blrkenrth ;" 6 9
8022 Elmer L, 4.'..... 101 ,1 4 3! 45 6 8 6 1 Klunder & Burns... Hoar 30 60
8327 Master Lee. 6.... 103 4 5 4 6 6 '6 H. Willis Raasch 8 10
Time-— %,-:28; %, :52; %, 1:20; m, 1:48%; 1 l-16m, 1^54. Good start. Won first three drtv
lng.. Winner, T.- H.- Stevens',. b. - b. v by Wadsworth-Modjeska. 'As usual it took hard riding •
to get Siddons to the front. Sea Lion stood a hard drive. With a different ride Lavator
.would have bad a chance. He Is in shape again. . - ¦ V -
8316 Educate 10» 3311' Gusto ...... ; .112
3315 Grafter ....^.10« 3327 Galanthus • ..-.108
1401 Fonsovannah .100 3308 " Horton ....... 112
3286 Tg. Morello...ll2 .331« Fine Shot":...10O
142S The Elk .....100 2961 King's Pal ...109
3202 Ttburon ,...:. 109 - .-;
I ,'. ; -• " __ — _L _J --•..• ¦ . . . •
Selections for To-Day.
- First "race— -Montoya, ¦ Mildred Schultz,'. Ora
tossa.' _ . '.. .;
,' Second . race— Adirondack, - Gaviota, High
Chancellor.
Third race— Sharp Bird, Alzura, Wyoming.
Fourth trace — Black Dick, Janice. jTha Fret
ter. .
Fifth . race — Nllgar, Constable, Lodestar.
» Sixth race-rGrafter, : Educate, .GustoJ'. r ;
'¦\ Several long shots \ will be 1 cut loose by
Mannie " Turf < Exchange, including one at
20«tol. 30 Post street. - •
; < Third ' race— Six ' furlongs ; " eelling; three;
year-olda : and \ upward.'.'
(3313) Wyoming •.f.: 120 2S05 Wing ,i..:...112
a316 Alzura .......1OJ 3323 BUllsls :..... .100
3325 Mont. Peeress. 3324 Tufts ........ 99
(3326)TyranuJ ;.'.... 102 3322 Quiz II' .....ail
, 2C02 Irate '. . ." :. . .' .100 3313 Clarando . . ; .112
(3296) Maraschino f. : 102 8313 Sharp Bird. ... 120
•Fourth rac^e — One mile and an eighth; Palace
Hotel handicap; three-year-olds and .upward."'
.8308 Frangible . '.';'. 90 ¦-= 3327' Forniero. ..'.100
; (3225) Janice R i ... . .110 3326 Johm McGurk.' »8
¦: 8308. Black Dick"; '.'.106 3334 Sea Lion ; . . . . 97
(3321)The Fretter.;. 102 3308 Diderot :...... DU
! (3334) Siddons ...... «5
; •'¦ Pit thfrace— One i mile ' and ¦ a " sixteenth ; ; sell
ing; i three-year-olds and • upward. '¦ ¦" ... -..-¦,¦;
;3305 Constable .'.'.*. »5 ; 3318 G«o. Dewey;.. 08 :
\ 3278 El Mido ;...'.. 103 (3322) Lodestar ."..:. -.106
*' 3298 Billy Lyons.™; 107 • 3327 Formero .V. ..103
'3314 Nllrar .-.;..".; 106' 3327 Merops '..'.-.".'. 103
i •' .- Sixth "race-^-Slx ; furlongs; selling; four-year-
I olds; and upward. >^^ffin^HiM|
'••; .Will Race Across Country.
itam or shine the second annual cross
country run over a distance" of four miles
for the OlympIc^Club- trophy.; will be held
this morning^ The race will be started at
the Olympic Club grounds, south of Gold
en Gate Park, at. 10 a.'. m. .The i couma
will be chiefly through ' the park -
- Only .two., teams i of five men each will
s^felsf^-^ heSe teams ' th theVr
_Oakland .High. School— Wilson r. u 'ndy :
George Backus, Clarke Sullivan, George
_j Olympic. Cliib-itW: R. Garcia, Everett
Smith,' F. ¦ Ferem; :.H. ¦ Templeman Ree
Clifford and; H.-Morell.- ¦ ' • s
The ..'officials of therace will be*
Refereej- William ;..^Greer. Harrison;
Judges— Washington .; Dodge, : George El
liott-arid; H. S.. Thomson; timers— John
Elliott.' Wmiam.Mackie and Dave Brown*
starters-Everett" Brown; . ¦ marshals— Sid
Cavill and De? Witt" Van Court; clerk 5 - of
course— J. F. T SturdlvanU \ , - ,
The rich Palace Hotel . handicap >ill be
the feature of the sport at Oakland '. this
afternoon. . Black , Dick, .The : Fretter and
Janice are three of the best-known start-'
'ers. .•;.. ,• • '"• '> ''¦'.'. '."-¦" ' '¦-./;.-;-¦¦¦¦
Tommy Burns . will leave . for Hot
Springs • after to-day!s racing. . ¦ , *
Superintendent George Berry . of Napa
Stock • Farm is '• much -pleased with • the
two ' English-bred - stallions Solitaire and
Marius 'II, : : recently secured- for -that
breeding establishment. 'They, were picked
from, the choicest In England by -Enoch
Wishard, a rare good* judge of horseflesh.
"Jack" f . Featherstone, the New < York
millionaire turfman, was , a visitor at ' the
track yesterday. .-' He-Is ;, accompanied * to
California- by,- Julius Bauer, - trainer ¦¦ tor
his . extensive- stable, "of which Mesmerist
was once ' ' the •: '. star.T Mr. Featherstone
takes ¦ a great ; interest in: O'Connor, who
is under contract .to do his riding, j. Winnie
did : his : level best to land '¦ all . his mounts
first yesterday.v. He t was ;• successful In
three: instances. ;'-.--¦. , • —'-.' •¦ ' - .
¦ .The'- entries -are as follows: -. '; . ¦
First' race-^Five . furlongs; 1 ' selling; . maiden
three-year-olds. ' " : ;>
.... I O U. ...... .109 3209 Mild. '.Schulta.107
3264 Montoya .....112 2926 Derby Winner. 109
3282 Budd Wade;.. 112 3282 Breton". .-.;. .-.112
3299 Atnlpap ....r.107 . \~. .•All'. .....;. ...109
.... Blackthorn:.".. 112 3299 Oratossa . ; . ; . 107 :
t .:. Second ' race— Three * and '. a \ half , . furlongs ;
purse; 'two-year-olds..: r •'.... • - : .,
, ; . ." : *The Fog f.'.-.T. KHl j (3306) Adirondack : : . 110
yr.rrc Discharged :r. 101 :.'.-; f La I Figaro :Tr. 106
(3312)Gayiota .....llOl 33<XJ!High ChancTrll3
Track Notes.
Mrs. Patton. Gertrude Ruthe, Mrs. Harris,
Miss , LoKeman, Edith Straub, Marie Straub
Olive Hall, Estelle McCarthy, Miss Forsyth,
Hazel Wilke,' Evelyn Pollend, Miss Ormsby,'
California Cnilds, Mrs. Houseworth, Professor
Houseworth, Mrs. . Lawrence, Mrs. Wallace •
Etta Randle. Rose Weiss. Stella Levy,. Miss
Thisleton. Mrs.- Emerson.. Miss Hbrenburg.
Miss Cole, Mrs. Hug, MUs Holl. Ralph Ruthe
Forrest Leek. Max- Firestone, Mr. Woods Mr'
Henley.. Mr. Busk. .Cecil Caldwell, Alderman
The losing team, with Miss Grace Hen
dersoo as captain, consisted of? "
Miss Haskiris. Miss • McQuillen Mr« Rhi«
mm
Florence Levy. Henrietta Marksf Myrtle
LADIES TAKE PART
* IN ATHLETIC CONTEST
Well-Drilled Team Competes for a
Diampnd Medal at Hoover
. Hall.
There was an exciting physical culture
contest at Hoover Hall, on Market street
near Tenth, last night between two of the
largest and best drilled teams that have
yet competed. Since the. offer of a dia
mond medal for the best" drilled team the
interest has • been intense, and notwith
standing the storm there was an unusually
big crowd in' attendance. In the contest
for.the valuable trophy the winning team,
under the" captaincy of Mrs. Charles E.
Ruthe, comprised the following ladies: >
Ulany Teams From This City and San
Jose Will Compete for
Trophies.
There will be a bowling tournament to
night In Oakland. The team from across
the bay will be made up as follows:
Reliance Club— J. M. Jellett, captain; Hal
Hall, Oscar Strauss, M. W. Jellett, Doctor Wcs.
ton; substitutes, Frank Breed, Cash Davis.
T M. C. A. team — J. S. Graves, captain; H.
C. Inrram, Harry Williams, J. E. Corbtn. R.
F. McManis; . substitute, Thomas Boreman.
American Oakland Club— A B Dorrell cap
tain; C. H. Lane, Charles Buttlar, \Villiam
Reeves and E. Anderson; substitutes George
Butelr, B. Emmoi. Oakland T. V. G. Club No
1 — H. Windmueller, H. Wlcklngr. H. Loeltler,
A. Schlueter, A. J. Mesmer. Oakland T.,V. G.
Clnb No. 2— H. Reper, B. Brunje, Theo Gier,
C. Lerner. H. Feldmon, H. Reicholz. -
This city will send eight five-men teams,
while San Jose will be represented by the
following players:
Garden City No. 1— J. K. Rueaell, F. Scher
rer, A. M. Barker, C. M. Smith. Dr. F. Schu
maker; substitutes. Dr. Bangs, S McMillan.
Garden City No. 2— Ed Arnold. F. Robins,
Thomas Hapar. D. W. Reardon. Aucust Menn
Jr.; substitutes. Dr. McGraw. Dr. Walton
Garden City No. 3 — Joe Faull. O. L. Stevens
G. Robins. S. Alexander. W. B. Hobson: sub
8tltut«sAM. Lord F. Doerr. .
Garden City No. 4— J. Koher, S. G. Thomp
kins. Dr. Naeh, Dr. Bland, H. A.' Chapman;
substitute. J. R. Robert*.
Chess Experts in Competition.
A triangular chess tournament has been
arranged to take place between the mem
bers of the Western • Addition Chess,
Checker and Whist .Club, the Trlst Dupli
cate Whist Club and the San Francisco
Whist Club, on the 25th lnst, in the par
lors of the Western Addition Club, 2206
Fillmore street. Those who have been
selected to represent their respective
clubs are as follows: For the Western
Addition Club, Messrs. Person, Ettinger,
Dolan, Jones, Neville, Kavanaugh, Meyer
and Woodward. The Trist Club players
will be: Messrs. Weston, De Long, Mc-
Leod. Parkhurst. Robert Jr., Roberts Sr.
and Woodward. The San Francisco Whist
Club representatives are: Messrs. 'Wash
burn, Royce, Toklas, Cowdry, Meyer,
Crossett and Bates.
Among these are a number of strong
players, hence the contest should be an
interesting . one, and brilllantplays will
undoubtedly be recorded. Dr. w. R. Love
grove, who is a member of tho three
clubs and the recognized champion of the
Pacific Coast. in chess, has been selected
as referee. . . , ,
World's Record in Billiards.
CHICAGO. Feb.' 2L— A world's record
was made to-night at three-cushion
billiards, when H. J. Avary, an amateur,
ran out the fifty points game in fifty-one
innings. The previous record, both pro
fessional and amateur, was ! held by the
late Wyman C. McCreary of : St. Louis.
More than ten years ago in a match con
test he ran fifty points in fifty-three in
nings. flttBtfMMiHBBnH
Atherton Signs With' the Angels.
LOS ANGELES,-. Feb. 2L— Manager
James F. Morley of the Los Angeles base
ball club. has announced having secured
the signature of Outfielder. Charles Ather-'
ton to a contract. :• Atherton 'will fill ' out
the holes in the team, and barringi acci-'
dents the club may be expected to ' go
through the season as it stands. ' .'
BOWLERS WILL INVADE
THE OAKLAND ALLEYS
mlll, both massive ' and artistic devices
covered by fruit in various designs are
apparently close rivals for first place in
Hf^*f5 tImatlon °^ vls " or s- Miss Annie
Smith s large wood carving attracts much
attention and she doubtless will win hon-
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 21.— Sunshine
or stormy weather Is all the same
to the people of Sonoma and Men
docino counties. Rain does not di
minish the attendance at the Citrus
Fair, and this year's exposition of the or-
chard wealth of this section gives prom
ise of being a record-breaker in all re
spects.
To-day was "Old Folks' " day at the
fair, and was made the occasion of a re
union of the pioneers of Northern So
noma. Yesterday was known as Mendo-
SCENES IN THE CITRUS FAIR PAVILION IN CLOVERDALE, WHERE THE ORCHARD PRODUCTS OF NORTH
ERN SONOMA AND SOUTHERN MENDOCINO COUNTIES ARE DISPLAYED IN ARTISTIC AND ORiriNAT
DESIGNS AND ARE ATTRACTING CROWDS OF VISITORS DAILY.
At post time in the betting on the fifth
number, a . six- furlong sprint, it was 3 to
2 : and take . your • pick between | Water
scratch and Colonial ; Girl. O'Connor on :
the former, 1 rode . a * well-judged „ race,
gradually wearing down. the lead ¦ or, Bull
man ' on Evander, and'. scoring by \two
lengths. The latter, beat the •• barrier. ; Co
lonial Girl appears to have gone 'back
some, for she gained little in the run
home, finishing 'third. '.^
O'Connor also piloted Siddons past the
judges winner of the | closing - mile r and a
sixteenth run. As usual, the Wadsworth
horse fell out of it at the start, then, fin
ishing with a. rush, downed ,- Sea Lion
nearly two length. Hungarian was a close
third./ . . ¦ . ' .. ¦ ¦
Rigged with light weights as they were,
Botany waa no. match for Sombrero in
the seven-furlong purse run... The Morris
colt ruled a 3 to 5 favorite, and, catching
Botany at the paddock, won from there
on as he pleased. Josle G displayed some
early speed, but retired from the firing
line early, losing- the short end of the
purse to Dunblane.;; Lee Jackson piloted
the winner. - . ; ..— -
Johnny Daly rode a well-judged race on
Bassenzo in the seven-furlong run, reach
ing the wire less than a length- before
Urchin. The .winner closed a 2 to ,1 fa
vorite, but had a stronger lad than little
Redfern been on- the back of Urchin,' the
positions might have been reversed. . Kill
doe took the show. '
Walter Jennings' black filly,' Nlgrette,
won the two-year-old dash in game
fashion, after at one time looking beaten.
She closed an 11 to 20 choice, with O'Con
nor up, and at the wire downed Delsegno,
a 50 to 1 shot, cleverly. Tom Mitchell fin
ished third.
The card had a light, fluffy look, and be
fore business opened up In the | ring all
the handicappers had agreed that six
straight favorites would go through. The
crowd around- the combination book re
sembled the assemblage at a Pacific
street' hand-me-down -auction sale,' 6O
eager were purchasers to get to the win
dow. Strangely: enough, the slate was
broken from an unlooked for direction.
Green Morris' Duckoy, a prohibitive 1 to
5 favorite for the mile selling run, with
only three contenders, • finished behind
Bragg and Redwald. The crack mudlark
was ridden by Winnie O'Connor and ap
parently pulled up all right after the race.
It was simply one of thoser inexplicably
bad exhibitions that the best of horses
will at times make. Bragg, with Ransch
in the saddle, made all the pace, beating:
Redwald six lengths. '
sport, until the thoroughly drench
ed riders looked like, half-drowned wharf
rats.
fc>— p-oHERE were no deciding races be-
II ¦ tween winks yesterday at _ Oak-
I land. • The rain fell in torrents al
)t most from start to finish of the
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RACING AT THE OAKLAND TRACK.
Cannot Enter Philadelphia Races.
¦: BERKELEY, VFebi. 21.'— The dispatch
from . Philadelphia^ of yesterday stating
that the University of California had ac
cepted, the Invitation, of the University ot
Pennsylvania to enter the relay races on
the Franklin field during April was a
surprise to the Berkeley athletes. Gradu
ate Manager Decoto said to-day that the
California team would not depart for the
East until after the Franklin field day
and of course could not take part in it.
The , precincts counted yesterday were
the Fifth, Thirteenth and Nineteenth of
the' -Fortieth, and the' Eleventh and
Twelfth of the" Forty-fourth districts.
The losses "of the contestants yesterday
were as follows: -Alpers 28, Bent 29, Eg
gers 29,-Wilson 28/ Walsh 19, Coghlan 18,
Finn 19 and Reagan 15." v
The recount will be resumed o» Mon
day.-: '..'.;. * ..' , : .'_'. '¦.'>-/* '- .
Clever Rendition ; of ¦ "Tile Pirates ' of
, -. ' . Penzance'.' in- 1 Assembly- • ,
¦-¦:" ; >. ¦. ;', v LHaU;: ', ¦'.¦.:,- ,¦¦;¦¦ ;T v j %.
. ; STANFORD . UNIVERSiTY/ Feb:v 21-4
' Notwithstanding-, the < fact 'that rain-- had
been pburing down in. torrents since early
morning and the streets, were flooded with
water, a large audience 'gathered' in the
Assembly Hall to-night to" witness .the
production of Gilbert and Sullivan's comic
opera, "The Pirates of » Penzance," which
was given by ¦; local /'talent under the
auspices of the Associated -(Students.^
A-- Both the singing arid-acting of theama
teurs were excellent,, particularly that of
Dr. George B. Ldttle.-who played the part
of the pirate apprentice; and Mrs. Perry
Roberts, whoappeared as Mabel Stanley. 1
The full chorus of fifty voices showed the
fine training that had been given it under,
the direction of Louis W. Weer, the di
rector. The music for the opera was sup
plied by the student orchestra under the
leadership of L. J. Wertheimer and was
a pleasing feature of the evening. .
The cast of characters was as follows:
Pirate King:.. ....C. L. Flrebaugh, '04
Samuel, lieutenant.. .R. E. Warfleld, '03
Frederick, apprentice...... ... .Dr. . G. B. Little
Major General Stanley .K. W, Prentice, '04
Sergeant of Police. ...... ... ..M. N. Case, '02
Mabel Stanley Mrs. Perry Roberts
Ruth, piratical maid Pearl M. Bartlett
Edith. ; ..Evelyn Schreckhibe
Kate. . . ......................... .Gladys Hoitt
Isabel. . . . . . . ... .... . . . r. . .... .'.Aura Ellerbeck
STUDENTS ;. OF STANFORD :;v-' ;-.
/ .: SEiEN IN COMIC OPERA
These three men v are " undoubtedly ' the
gang that killed the 'Anadarko officers.
Several pother, arrests' have, been -made of
suspects,- but: the officers had always held
that Caseyt Swbfford and their gang were
the parties. who ' did : the. work. -'¦>¦•?:.- -t .¦
'Last night a bunch of horses was'stoleh
near Asher. .Early this .morning. Sheriff
Milner, with Deputy = Jones, -and Several
volunteers, " started • on , the train which
was easily; followed : through the : snow.-
Nine thousand dollars : is the 'reward of
fered on the heads of 'these men.- ;,.; • •
•;GUTHRIE,.O.:T., Feb. 2i.-Another des
perate fight, occurred to-day , between
Oklahoma ¦ officers and the band, of. out
laws that killed Sheriffs Smith and Beck
at-Ahadarko. a month ago. As a result
of this latest fight one of the outlaws,
Walter Swofford, is dead; and Deputy
Sheriff John Fisher of Oklahoma is seri
ously injured. ,•
The snow £ enabled the posse under
Sheriff Milner of Shawnee, Okla., to trail
,the outlaws to^ an. isolated house south of
Wewoka, I. T. ;.;:As the posse approached,
the outlaws,", three in ¦ number, : came from
thehouse and opened flr^.on the officers.
The flre was returned and for , several
minutes the battle waged.-- i
Deputy Sheriff Jones was shot by-Swof
ford, who; had - opened .the fight. ? When
Jones fell the officers -turned their/ atten
tion to S wofford, and -he was shot several
times, dying instantly. .After the
had continued several minutes longer, the
other ..two outlaws ; ¦ surrendered— Sam
Casey and. Bill Watson., ' ?¦¦ ••. ' -.v^r-.
Posse .Tracks; the Gang by
a .Trail Over the Winter
- Snow.
Desperado Is iKilled and
a Deputy -Sheriff
Wounded.
Interest in the Citrus Exposition Centers in the Rivalry of Exhibitors
to Win the Prizes |o|e^d^|t^|Best|a||^ Most Artistic Dis
plays and 9ppprpfa^j^|^i^|^suu|lsil Somewhat Divided
PIONEERS OF SONOMA COUNTY HOLD
REUNION AT THE CLOVERDALE FAIR
OUTLAWS FIGHT
WITH OFFICERS
M'GOVERN MAKES HIS REAPPEARANCE IN THE RING AT LOUISVILLE
THE SAN FRANCIS^
¦ cino day, and there were seven hundred
visitors from towns in the county- to the
north. - • ¦
Great interest centers in the competition
for prizes for the best and most original
exhibits. The old double-wheel mill "arid
the reproduction of the old Cloverdalef
9
- Official Loss to Present
NAMES. ¦¦¦¦-> Count.: Date. Standing.
"Wilson .. ..... :'16,51T ; 648 15,969
Beats';:.:; ........ 16,112 691 15,521
Eggrers .V. 15,940 659 15,281
Alpers .....*..... 15,953 621 15,332
"Walsh . . .' ; . . ¦ 15,886 273 15,613
Coghlan ...... "16,686 269 16,427
Finn ..V.......... 15,595 - 267 15.32S '
- Official Loss to Present
NAMES. ¦¦¦¦-> Count.: Date. Standing.
"Wilson .. ..... :'16,51T ; 648 15,969
Beats';:.:; ........ 16,112 691 15,521
Eggrers .V. 15,940 659 15,281
Alpers .....*..... 15,953 621 15,332
"Walsh . . .' ; . . ¦ 15,886 273 15,613
Coghlan ...... "16,686 269 16,427
Finn ..V.......... 15,595 - 267 15.32S '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
Established over too years.
'/¦-¦ ' ¦ ft
Skeens Painless Strictura Curs eradicate- every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing; f rota the
•tart, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. \7e
positively guarantee a thorough, p-inlcts and
pcunaaeTit cure in ever/ case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
We meaa just what we My, and it costs nothing
to inve-tig-ate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and i» absolutely
harmless. "Will mail in plaia sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting booi:, " Aa Honest
Talk;' . eont-inlas many testimonials, also, a
E,P PC 15 DAYS'
¦TO***- *- TRIAL TREATMENT.
D. A. SKEH1CO.122 Atlas Bank Bld&, CInclnnat!,a
JvisiT DR. JORDAN'S GREATS
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY* >
9 _B M51_U_X-IST.Ut6t_*7li,B.r.C_I. ) I
\ iSf The Larzert Anatomic*! Museum !nt_e
0 m.~lO«_ World - Weaknesses or an- contracted 1
• fgjjgjl S|«_.ijt on the Coast Ese. J6 years. 4)
iflSgy | DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
FfiwiB Coruultarion free and strict!- priYite. \
I jrSwr a Treatment personally cr by l-tter. A Q
I B TlB ArtttM Curt in e-er- case undertaken. T
r u I! A Write for Ba9K - rauLOsorav *r a
1 J 1' ¦A««M6-. MA1US riBB. (A.T
_k A (£ » Mluable book for mra) \
V JOB. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St. 3. F. f
fl^/»^.'«»-'O-*»»'ym -^ ¦•»_. ¦-». m,
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MOi.
Established 1331. Con-
-Ultatioa and privata boo*
Irea at office or by mxi. ¦•
Cura guaranteed.
731 MARXET St. ;
6__Jtf FRANCISCO. C_U_,
postum: cebeal,
MUST BE SHOWN.
Coffee-Drinkers Require Proof.
When persons insist on taking some
kind of food or drink that causes disease
It 1* not fair to blame a doctor for not
curing them.
CoSee keeps thousands of people sick in
cpite of all the doctor can do to cure
them. There Is but one way to get well.
That is to quit coffee absolutely; a great
help will be to shift over to Postum
Food Coffee.
A case of this kind Is Illustrated by
Mrs. E. Kelly, 233 Eighth avenue, Newark,
K J., who eays: "I have been ailing* for
about eight years with bilious trouble and
Indigestion. Every doctor told me to glvo
up coffee. I laughed at the idea of coffee
hurting me, until about three years ago
I was taken very bad and had to have a
doctor attend me regularly.
"The doctor refused to let me have cof-
fee, but prescribed Postum Food Coffee.
I eoon got to making it so well thaf I
could not tell the difference in tasto be-
tween Postum and the common coffee. .
"I began to Improve right away and
have never had a bilious spell since giving
up coffee and taking- on Postum. "When I
started I weighed 109 pounds; now I
¦weigh 130. My friends ask what has made
the change, and, of course, I tell them
it was leaving off coffee and taking up
Postum.
"I know husband will never go back to
the old-fashioned coffee again. You can
use my name if you print this letter, for
I am not ashamed to have the public"
know Just what I have to say about Pos-
tum and what It has done for me.".1tHR(DWNFROM HIS HORSE— W.J. Scott,';
residing: at;223»Dore, street.;was thrown; from
a* horse on? Seventh' street yesterday: afternoon'
and had his light leg broken. .: ¦*; .
, '"' SUIT AGAINST ASHE : FILED.— J.- M." Cos
•tlgran ¦ filed : a suit- against K. Porter.- Ashe yes
terday i to ¦¦¦ recover $3824 80 he ¦- alleges Is - due
him ¦ on : a .; promissory • note • executed T by Ashe
in January, tIPCO.'" ¦ "¦
' COLUMBUS," Ohio, Feb.;: 21.— The", House
of Representatives of : the : Ohio . Legisla
ture has placed itself 'on- record as being
in favor < of electing C the United' States
Senators by. a direct, vote .'.'of 'the people,
thelWorthington resolution being adopted
by a vote of 73 to 23.^ .The resolution asks
Congress to take the necessary; action." f
Senators by a Direct Vote.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 22.— George H. Har
rington, a business -man of .Santa Cruz,
and Mrs. - Kate Wilcox of -this city were
married nere» yesterday. Only a few in
timate •' friends • attended -the -ceremony
which was performed In the Trinity Epis
copal Parish House by Rev. C. H., Mock
ridge.- : ' " • ' . ; • " '. • ¦ *
Harrington-Wilcox Wedding.
'' The Board of JEducation ¦yesterday, filed
with the Board ¦ of \ Supervisors ; its "• report
f or > the I fiscal 5 y ear"-' ending . June ; 30, : 1901 .
The report 'contains .the'; names a of all the
teachers : in the " department, 7 numbering
¦ 1017," andi also , shpws ; the ' total ¦'' receipts
. in the '¦ school ;. fund , for - 1900-1901 -to ¦ have
been $1,202,063 41, ot ' which ;a ! surplus of
$42,063 41 remained on June ,30;: 1901: T; !
- 4 School Board's 'Annual Report.
-'The.various councils of the Toung Men's
. Institute V will } celebrate , Young Men's In-
! stitute" day in Metropolitan Temple . in the*
evening. -The: following programme ; will
be presented;- . - * . ;
, ,'¦¦ Overture, " orchestra; , Introductory," \ Robert
", '*. The . State League of Iroquois Clubs will
hold : a.; conference, ..- commencing at 10
o'clock this mornirig.'at 909 Market" West."
In ¦ the ;-, evening ,'i the .', members /and '¦ their
guests l'.w111 • assemble "at " a : downtown • res
taurant, for] their, annual: banquet.; ..
j Patriotic and civic orders will fittingly
celebrate . thei one hundred and seventieth'
anniversary, of : the ; birthday; ¦ of ] " George
; Washington.' ¦ _ In many • instances : the re
.'unions : . will : be \ held ' around : the - banquet
i board,'"'.. while- several" organizations ¦•^^will
give literary . and ¦ musical ' entertainments.
A* delegation of .Native S6ns and Veterans
of .I the Mexican : War.', will , visit Monterey,
to-day to lay i there .additional stones in"
, the ¦ Sloat monument.' , ¦ ¦ ?: '-¦¦-.
: Oakland Office San -Francisco ( Call,
' : 1U8 ; Broad way ,-i; Feb. ,21: V
•-Trouble and hunger; are supposed \ to be
the ' causes of ¦. the j dementia7 of , Miss , Nel-.
lie Anzer, who was taken from the Wind-i
sor House to-night iby^ Detective) George
Kyte and; removed ito the Hos-^
pital. For severar days .the young woman
has remained In: bed without eating. ;She
refused ; to '} talk . to rany ..: one ' and , lt' ; ; was
¦ feared that • if | she .was left to -herself "she^
; would starve to death. She ,wa*j accord-*
• ingly "taken , to the ; hospital to be := treated
as an insane patient. - ; >J;
Miss Anzer has wealthy relatives in'Ho
boken, N.:J., , who^ have been;communi
cated with. It ; is , believed that with prop
er care and •nourishment, she c will: regain
her health. - She ¦ formerly llvedr. with ? her
psrents in Eureka,, where her; father^ was
a . prosperous i merchant, i • Misfortune over
took.the family,' and about a^ year ago the
1 father" went, to .Alaska "in the f hopes w of
'bettering his fortune, while the mother*
SAN -JOSE. Feb. .22.— The syndicate
which recently gained control of .the Coy
ote watershed in . the vicinity - of - Gilroy
Hot Springs by the purchase of thousands
of acres of land is now engaged in build-
Ing a fence around its holdings. Many
miles of fencing will ' be required : to in
close the 20.000 acres, for which the com
pany ¦ expended, nearly. $500,000.'
Fencing In. Its Domain.
Shasta Miners to Organize.
REDDING. Feb.- 21.— The arrival, in
Shasta .County of Edward Boyce, presi
dent of the Western Federation of | Min
ers, foreshadows the rapid "organization
of mine ..workers of County into
unions, to be affiliated with the Western
Federation. -It Js expected that the many
camps of the county, will each have its
union. Singularly enough, the miners' 6f
Shasta;- which . leads .all other counties
of the State In the production of min
erals, have heretofore been without or
ganization, ¦ . • • : .,
The Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can War will banquet at 7:15 p. m. They
will meet at their hall, room 142. at the
City Hall, and proceed in a body to the
restaurant. •¦- ' „ '• ¦ '. , "
'¦*. The Junior- Order United American Me
chanics and "the Daughters of Liberty
will give, an ; entertainment at ' Native
Sons', Hall. A patriotic programme is
announced; '¦ ¦ .* - ¦--¦.. > ,
' The Sons of the American Revolution
will banquet at 8p; m. Toasts will be re
sponded to \>y ¦'¦ Rev. F. w. . Clampett.
Charles : M. Gayley of the University of
California, : General S. B. M. Young. Hor
ace G. Platt and Rev. Ernest E. Baker of
Oakland. • ' :.
> The members of the Young Men's In
stitute will assemble at St. Mary's Cathe
dral at 10 o'clock* this morning . to atterrt
the annual requiem > mass for ¦ the repose
of the soul:of;its deceased members - -
. Former - graduates of Sacred Heart
Presentation '.Convent will attend a : re
quiem mass at the convent chapel Taylor
"and Ellis streets, at 8:30 a. m.
'Mayor Schmitz has granted Fire Com
missioner Hecht a leave of absence 'from
the* State for sixty days. "When the
Mayor's action became known a protest
was filed against the payment of salary
to Hecht .while he Is away. It is not likely
that the Mayor will . pay any attention
to the protest, as Hecht has . been com
missioned to inspect auxiliary salt. water
•supplies for fire ¦ purposes which have
been installed in various Eastern cities.
The charter -provides that a city official
shall be paid only for services actually
rendered, but it Is claimed that a leave
of absence legally granted is exempted
.from the charter, requirements.
Tobin, president of the board of management;
remarks, D. J. O'Leary, president of the even-
Ing; contralto solo. Miss Ella V. McCloskey;
xylophone i solo, John Casad;- barytone solo.
Oscar 'S. Frank; soprano solo. Miss Etta M.-
Welsh; address, Hon. ; Frank J. Murasky ; ¦ se
lections. popular ' airs. orchestra; recitation,
"Washington and the -Darkey." Miss -Lillian,
M. Quinn; selections, '."Humorous," William J.
Hynes; march/orchestra.
Hecht's Leave of Absence.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.-Representa
tlve Loud addressed the House Committee
on Public' Buildings and Grounds -to-day
In advocacy of a, bill .providing for the
construction'. of a- custom-house at San
Francisco on the site of the present build-
Ing at a cost, of '$1,500,000. Mercer, chair
man of the committee, assured Loud,
who strongly urged a favorable report on
the bill, that the committee would press
the' passage Of the measure in the House.
This bill, introduced by Senator Perkins,
has already passed the Senate. Loud ex
pects Its early. enactment. . •
Speaks for Custom-House 'Bill.
¦ 'Floor commlttee-^-E. "WV Jones (manager).
K. E. Hammond, : E. L. Reed. M. F. Smith
and C. F. Phito?. '
t Reception committee— J. H. Aydelotte. A. A.
Moran. Miss Anna Odell, J. W. Grifflth. Miss
Le .Vanche Mitchum, Mlsa .Florence Llgon,
Ml33'Katherlne-FarrelI, Mlss"Allce Clauss and
Miss Amy. E. Hammond. « . ;
The students and graduates of Heald's
Business College gave one of their'inter
esting reunions last night at Golden Gate
Hall, which was elaborately decorated
for the occasion. Faculty . and students
spent, a- most enjoyable evening and
danced until ¦ early morning. The com
mittees in *charge of the affair were as
follows:
College^ Students Give I>ance.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Less than one
hundred delegates were present when to
day's session of the Daughters of the
American Revolution opened. Announce
ment was made of the result of yester
day's elections for vice president general
as follows:;. Mesdames Mary Hepburn
Smith, Connecticut; Belle E. Lyons. Ken
tucky; S. P. Lyons. .. Georgia; - Harriet
Simpson, Massachusetts; J. V. Quarles,
Wisconsin; D. D. Colton, California; Ar
thur R. Bedle. New Jersey; Henry jW.
Burnham, New Hampshire; J. Herron
Crossman, -New York,, and Elizabeth C.
Williams, Maryland.
Women Elect Their Officers.
The rainfall north of the Tehachapi was
unusually heavy yesterday. The greatest
depth registered was in this city, and
errounted to 1.6 inches. A thunderstorm
vifc ttd fc-an Luis Obiepo and a trace of
rain was reported from Los Angeles.
Wiies were down between San Francisco
and Fresno, eo that reports from that city
were lacking- at the -- Weather Bureau.
Showers generally throughput the State
Is the forecast for to-day.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions .
Granted.
/WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The Postofflce
Department issued the following- to-day:
Postmasters commissioned— Harry L.
Hart. Cokedale, Wash.; Paul R. Lepoinds,
Mpchin, Cal.; Christian Engdal, Norman,
Wash.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon E. H. Porter will proceed from
Fort Hancock to San Francisco. Lieu
tenant Commander C. F. Pond will report
to the naval training station, San Fran
cif ';o, April 1.
1 hese • pensions were ' granted : : Califor
nia—Original—Robert H. Jagoe, San Fran
cisco, %&. Increased— Edward de St. Maur
ice. Colusa, ?8; William Hubbard, Hol-
Uster, $8; John A. Bonney, Pacific Grove
112. Mexican war— William McVey, Fres
no City, $12; Elijah Harris, Norfolk, 112;
Simon Reldinger, East Santa Cruz, $12;
James T. Jones, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$12; John Miller, Soldiers' Home. Los An
greies, $12. Widows— Mary Torrey, San
Krancisco, $8.
Oregon— Original— John M. Park. Oregon
City, 56; Samuel T. Kerr, Corvallis, $6.
Increase— Lyman Blakely, Salem, $12;
George A. Hines, Loraine, $10.
Washington— Original— War with Spain
Allan R. Blackburn. Spokane, $S. In
crease—Henry C. Vining, Seattle, $6:
George Wood, . Walla Walla. $s; Georse
T. Myers, Sumner, $8. Widows (war with
Srain)— Laura E. Sigle, mother, Sumner,
Honors for Olympic Swimmers.
CHICAGO, Feb. 2L— In the . 100-yard !
swimming race at the Sportsmen's show
to-night Brewer of- San Francisco Olym
pic Club defeated Fred Wleland of the
Central Y. M. C. A. by half a lap. F. A.
AVenck of Yale finished third, a lap and
a half behind Wieland. Brewer's time
was 13:23 4-5. This establishes a new
American record for the distance. The
¦world's record Is 13:43, held by. J.. S. Jar-
v 4 s of Scotland. . . • -
J. Bcott Lear>- of San Francisco Olym
p;c Club won the 100-yard race, leading
\\ enck by two and a half yards. John
stone of Ottawa, Canada, was third,
eig'ht yards behind AVenck. Leary'8 time
»as 1:06 3-5. ., : . . -¦¦... ¦¦- ;.
Statehood for Territories.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— The House
Committee on Territories to-day unani
mously voted to report bills for the ad
mission of :the Territories of New Mexico
Arizona and Oklahoma. The vote was
ukenupon a motion made by Moon of
Tennessee declaring It to be the sense of
the committee that the -three Territories
¦wire eot tied to gtatthood and that appr j.
priate committees be appointed to prepare
the bill. - ;--...
- BREACH OF CONTRACT ALLEGED. — John
L°e filed a eult against the Pacific Can Com
ket through the faimre cf the corporation tu
•Mlver to him, a« per an - agreement, thirty
chares cf stock of the American > Can ". Com
pany yesterday for fl*75, which he alleges he
kell, Mies A. Kustell.' Mr. -and Mrs. E. L.
Culln, M1S3 Saul, Frank Turner, , Miss Etta
Bender, G. E. Morse, Mr. and Mrs.' R. Traut
n<»r, E. W. Gordon, Miss Edith Gordon. An
drew J. Gaushran,. A: H. Gianninl. M. D.;
¦Miss Florence Scatena, Mr. -Bergcr, Miss Ber-.
ges, Mr. Berees, Leonard Schwartz, Miss C;
Kelsey, MIes M. Abrahams, Dr. Derby, . Mr.
and Mrs. J. E. Walsh, W. Martinez, Miss K.
J. McCaffery, Miss M. Breslin, -Robert R.
. Yatcb, Miss Payson, Dr. | Brunlng, T. Gren
nan, Jchn A. Daniels. Miss Sadie Gould, Jo
senh Glldea. John F. Llnehan, _ Miss Taylor,
J." H. Humphrey, Miss W. Humphrey, Henry
F. Periiau, Mrs. Minnie Pernau. - Miss aiarle
Pernau, Mrs. ! Frederick Willson. F. C. Bell,
Miss FitzhuKh. Mrs. I. D- McCutcheon, Loui»
J.- Springer, vMiss Anita Ferguson, H. Done
gan. GeorKe E. Kammerer, Miss G. S. Tan
feran, Joseph Eber. Miss Frieda Eber. Charles
Clark. Miss Louis -Power, Con Roman. Miss E.
Ij. Wood. I Thomas . G. Splllane, j Mr. and ' Mrs.
William P. Kilmer, Miss -Lillian Lubben, , Mrs.
¦John Lubben, S.O. Stanyan, Miss Jessie Lit
tle, Mrs. H. Little, Robert Grennan, William
J. .Watson. Joseph, G\ Cox. Miss Sadie Robin
son, Miss Hunter, Miss : Swain, I Mr. and Mrs.
Fritz. Fred H. Jung. Mlfcs Leonie June, Mrs.
Leonie Juntr, Sanford G.; Lewald, Miss Mae
Murrhy. Mrs. Sour. : ' .
• ; Mr. and i Mrs. Sleberst, Elmore Lef flngwell.
Miss Thompson, Mr. and Mrs; W.* A. Water
house, J. W. Kelly, Miss M. Kelly,' Mrs. \ Tur
ner, C. A. Kelly. Miss Luclle Ellis, Mrs. . Pur
cell, Dr. F. F. Knorp, George Rose, Miss Etta
O'Neill. Miss Eva • Murphy, , Mr. .. and . Mrs. L.
S. Altken. Mr. and Mrs. George Rose." Robert
R Rubs, M. M. Dddge, "Mr. and •Mrs. J. ". F.
Jackson. William G. . Baudoin.. W. Chester
.Keogh,: Miss Clara Keogh,: Mr. and Mrs. P." J.
Martenstein.- Miss - Maud ' Martensteln, Howard
A: Welsh, Mr. and Mrs.' L.\ C. Pistolesi, Miss
'¦ C. rLuhlo Cutting, Walter Speyer, Miss Helene
Speyer? Miss -Ethel Speyer, A. M. Barnett Jr.,
Frank H. Kerrigan, (E. C. Lane. Miss Worth,
Mrs. E. Werner. - Mrs. M. Marx. H. S. Day,
"William -D. Hynes, -Mrs. -William ,T>.~ Hynes,
Mr. and > Mrs. George F. S AlbertI, . George | A.
Starr, Miss Ethel A. . Starr. Albert H. Quat-
I man, Miss Mabel Quatman, Mr. . and Mrs. ; E.
Sullivan. Mrs. C. : . H. . Maass, '¦; B. . A. Bernard,
Mrs. A. ' F. Bernard, . Miss C. 1 Bernard, W. B.
Grosh, Mr. and Mrs. H., J.' Cordes,;Leo Deolln,
Miss ' Marie Deolln, Mr. '• and " Mrs.- ¦ George - Fil
raer,: L. A.' SteiKer. ' Mr. Sheehan,', Mrs. Bart
' man. Miss Sheehan,' Isidore Golden, . Miss Alice
, Hummeltenberg, Sydney Marshall, 'Miss Mar-
went East. Miss Anzer. remained in Cali
fornia, and has been working to support
herself. : ;,; Nothing has been heard from
' Anzer :f or, along while, = and;, the '-girl be
came , ! very despondent., • ',-
She.hadibeen working In: the 'family, of
Captain -Tibbetta in : : Alameda. : as r nurse
girl: While there. her -first indication of
mental .trouble ; developed, >and"lt f is t be
lieved . to : have been „ due « to -• worry i over
family troubles..; She was discharged -by
the Tibbettses ; recently, and :. since ; then
she has been living at the Windsor. 1 She
apparently^ had no 'money -and ' has been
.starving- herself. 1 -This.^ with* the : added
trouble ot her , lost position, ? seems to be
the causes of r her present condition. ' ..."
HONOR BIRTHDAY
OF WASHINGTON
Mr. and Mrs. ¦• Thomas Kortlck,' Miss Lulu
Hawley, James Welsh, Miss L: ¦ M. Nlblock, T.
Emlgby, Dr. J. J. Kingwell, Joseph W. Hard
iman, MIss.M. B. Keegan; E. Feld Miss E.
FInnell, . John F. Cannon, Miss F. Ganghran,
Dr. T. Martin Smith, Miss Ella F. Smith, Miss
Morsle McHenry. Mtss Belle Herzcr. Edward S. !
Smith. Miss Martha Smith,, C. H. Kendrlck.
L. Roeder, George H. Sandy, Thomas O. . Cal
laghan, Edward Browson, J. B. Levensaler',
James I. Regan, J.J. GUdeaj Frank I. Gowa
lez, A. Falk, Miss Eva Walcohi, Percy Hender
son, Miss Nealon', Al Hampton. Miss Margaret
Nealon. Miss Olga;Herrman, George W." Sprin
ger, Miss Fannie : Springer, • * Miss Gertrude,
Springer, . Miss Madge Colluin, Mr. and Mrs. T.
'P.- Martin, Mr. and Mrs.-E. L. Head. \V. von"
der Lleth, Miss O.. von der Lieth. T. W. Lillle,
Daniel F. Murphy, Mr. and'Mrs. P. J. Weni
ger. Miss. Lilly Tobin. William E. Schord,'
Misses M. and" E. MulvUle,'. Joseph Dowllng,
Mr. McMurray, Miss May Kennedy, Dr. H. T.
Craig, Harry. J. Mahony, Miss ; Margaret Mur
.phy, Miss Mae Murphy, Miss, Frances Pacheco,.
Mr. Welsh. -" ' •
V\ John Daniels, Miss Emily. Dubale, N. J. 1 Bitt
daln, Joseph Campodonico, Max Levy, George
Stangerberger, Mies Nellie Mulcay, S. A. Mon
sarret, J. A. White, E.; V. McGinty, Miss
Devlin, Frank L.. Pohl, Miss Virginia Stack,
Miss , Christine Stack. Hon. - T. B. W. Leland,
Mrs. T- B. "W. ! Leland. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Mulvey.v Miss C- Fitzgerald, Colonel Charle3
, Sonntag, Miss Bylnston, Charles Hoey, Miss
M. ' Hoey, Knox Maddox, V T. Walsh, . Bernard
" Pierre , Ldpachet, Miss ,- Kenny, Miss O'Brien,
J. -W. Doherty. Fred H. Stanley, Miss Ada
Renncr, Mla«i Alice- Rose Kenny, Miss Colby,'
" Mr. and ; Mrs." I H. | E. ' Flschbeck, J. Emmet
Hayden, Mlr« Florence Conner. C. P. Hale,
Miss Grace Huff , Joseph ¦ A. Corbett, > Mrs. Jo-
; senh "A. Corbett, Miss . E."; Mahony, ¦ Mr. and
Mrs. Frank D. Monckton, Mrs." Jennie V. Dur
"kee Phil J.' ; Ersenmann, Thomas W. Cushlng,
Miss Cottle, Arthur W. Dollard, D. Oliver Jr..
: Mrs. D. Oliver. W. H. Daly, ' William Meek
fessel, Mrs. "William - Meekfessel, Miss '.Lulu
: Purlenky, - Everett Sharp, B, -F. McEIroy,. E..
. C. ' Stock, • Mr.: and . Mrs. ¦• J. \Park. Mr. and Mrs.
John J. McCarthy, Walteri Kraft. Miss Mada
line Leahy and John Van ; Nostrand.
shall, Wallace E. Crowell, Mrs. James Ellison,
Miss M. Ellison, Dr. and Mis. C. H. Bell, Rob
ert E.- Connolly, Mr. and Mrs; James L. Haw
kins, Mrs. -W.G. Ryder, Miss Virginia Ryder,
F. B. Surryhne, Harry Bird. Miss Edith M.
MacMHlan. -
The second annual literary contest for
a gold medal given by .the Young Men's
Society of the Church of Notre Dame des
Victoires took place last night at Oolden
Gate Hall. - The , subject of debate was
".Will the construction of an interoceanic
canal benefit the Pacific Coast and San
Francisco in particular?" Among the con
testants for the medal were H. F. Dona
hue, William McCurdy of St. Ignatius
College, Gustave Baraly of Lowell High
School and M. Diebels of St. Mary's Col
lege. The judges unanimously awarded
the medal to Mr. Donahue. A number of
vocal and instrumental selections were
rendered by members of the society dur
ing the evening. ~rV. •.-".-, - : , :j. ; , (*
Wins Medal in Debate.
HANDSOME YOUNG WOMAN "WHO, WITH PRESIDENT OF THE PAR
LOR, LED THE GRAND MARCH AT THE STANFORD ANNIVER
SARY BALL IN NATIVE SONS' HALL LAST NIGHT. : /
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— The * Citr
Council to-day rejected all the bids mad*
heretofore for the street . railway fran
chises and referred them back to the
Board of Public Works to be readver
tised. These are the franchises recently
awarded .to the Los Angeles Railroad
Company on a bid of $154,000, the Coun
cil's action afterward being vetoed by
Mayor Snyder.
Bejects Bids for Franchises .Which It
Recently Awarded to Hunt
irigton."
LOS ANGELES COUNCIL
SUSTAINS THE MAYOR
Your letter of January 13 is to hand and
I have carefully noted Its contents. It seems
to me that I have known you -for a Ion? time,
as I can readily imagine what you must havs
gone through with that Mme. Harbidge. alias
Jones, alias Brady, alias Friemann. alias Maris
tany. I do not feel any compunction In giv
ing you her whole history, at least as mucii
; as I know, for I may tell you that It did not
take me long to see through her game and
I dropped her In Honolulu like a hot potato.
and I. have ever since been trying to forget tlie
worst mistake of my life. I met her In Port
land, Or., in 1893. I was in business and
doing well. I certainly went through a form
of marriage with her. but not until after
that did I learn from some of my friends
that she had been married twice previously.
You make the fifth, and goodness knows how
many more she had. She got me Into debt to
the extenj of $4000, for .which I could not pay
a cent. She wanted to be a soctety lady and
give balls and dances, but th« people saw
through her, so everybody dropped her.
Lots . of people in California and Oregon
know . me. and I am willing to write to any
of them to show that I am the Friemann that
Mme. Harbldge gave out as dead. She knew
that I was alive and where I resided all the
time. Upon being exposed la the Alameda
courts she at once came to London and tried
to square me to lay low-«-as she- called It —
and not to show up. She said that she had
a- $30,000 case in the courts, and if she could
prove that I was not , alive she would surety
win - It. I immediately set the. law In motion
here and she disappeared" as ¦ if by magic. - ~
I am- very sorry for you. and readily under
stand the position you must be in and how
you must teel it. particularly a man of your
ase - ¦ ¦ ¦ • - — __.
DIVOBCED WIEE GETS
THE DEATH BENEFIT
Supreme Court Decides That Money
Can Only Be Paid to the Beno^- ; v ?
flciary Named.
The Supreme Court yesterday in award
ing- a death benefit' to the divorced wlfa
of G. M. V. Courtols rendered a decision
of interest -to those connected with bene
ficiary orders. ¦ • • -..
-. Courtois was a member of the 'Ancient
Order of United Workmen and carried a
death benefit certificate of $2000. He made
this sum payable to his wife, Emilie. La
ter he secured a divorce and remarried.
He neglected to change the name, of th<a"
beneficiary of the certificate and when he
died both of the women claimed the $2000.
The lower court decided that the last wife
was entitled to the money, but that de
cision is reversed by the Supreme Court.
It is held that on account of Courtot3\
neglect the order has no alternative but
to pay the benefit to the person named
in the certificate, even though it be a
divorced wife. The first wife had re
sumed her 'maiden name of Emilte Eti
enne^ The contest has been in the court*
for many months. ,
! .. ., . — ; — . ? . __ : , ,
To Regulate Street Obstructions.
" The Board of Works has transmitted to
the Supervisors the draft of a proposed
ordinance to regulate the temporary oc~
cupany of a public street by materials or
appliances for" building and other pur
poses. The ordinance provides that a per
mit must be obtained from the Board of
Works, and the obstruction shall not oc
cupy more than one-third of the width
of the street and not more than half tho
width of the sidewalk. A bond of $20 per
foot frontage must be deposited to insure
the removal of the obstructions, which
must be done within three days after di
rection by the board. •
Court Allows §300 for Damages.
Lulu O'Connor was allowed J300 damage3
by. the Supreme Court yesterday for in
juries received while employed in the
mills of the Golden Gate Woolen Manufac
turing Company. Her dress caught in a
cog wheel, and before she could be extri
cated her thigh was crushed. It was
shown that she '. worked: with ; a . number
of--Chinese and that her hours of labor
were from 6:30 a. m. to 6:15 p. m.. minus
forty-five minutes allowed . for luncheon.
The compensation for her services waa 73
cents' per day. The case has been in the
court for two yeara.
Philippine Veterinarians "Wanted.
Twenty veterinarians. - who are. gradu
ates of yeterlnary colleges, are required in
the" Philippines. The, compensation Is WOO
per month, pay to commence the date they
leave San Francisco for Manila on trans
ports. Subsistence en route must be paid
by them and they must agree in writing
to remain on duty in the Philippines two
years if. required ¦ that long. -Return
transportation will be furnished to place
of hire.', if not discharge*! tor cause. Ap
plicants should report immediately to the
depot quartermaster's office, 26 New Mont
gomery street. .
1 Merchants' Association Meets.
:; At the regular monthly meeting, of th»
board of directors ot the Merchants* As
sociation, held yesterday, it was decide;!
to • send ; a communication to . the Califor
nia delegation at Washington. D. C. urg
ing the necessity for the construction of a
new Custom-house at this port. Benja
min Heath. Chief of the t Bureau cf
Streets, addressed the meeting on the sub
ject of street repairs.' Elrick & Webster,
j; W. Thomas and J. G. Grannla & Co.
wefe admitted to membership In the asso
ciation. -.. . ¦
/ Licensed, to Marry.
OAKLAND. Feb. SL^-Licensea to marry
were .' issued to-day , to ; John . Hennings.
aged 31 years, and AntonJa A. V.- Gross.
27/ both of Oakland; John A. Johnson. iT.
ana S. Krautz, 27. both of Oak
land ; ; Arthur • E. Colby . . 25. - and Undine
Hansen. 23. both of. Oakland: Guy E. Ab
bott; 31, and Beatrice Graham. 33, both of
Elnihurst. ', . . ¦ " '
V Late Shipping Intelligence.
... FOREIGN PORT. > -. .
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb .21 — Br »Unr X»r
tar. from Hon~kons. . .
Ex-Police Judge Lawlor. Is dying. About
a week ago the once popular jurist was
taken seriously ill, and as he was without
a home lie was - provided with a room in
the New Western Hotel by. the proprietor,
ex-Supervisor. Joe King. Most of the at
torneys who were once glad to clasp his
hand when he was In the heydey of his
success refused to assist him, even to the
extent of providing him with the proper
medical attention. As his condition grew
worse, through the efforts of Attorneys
Martin Qulnlan and Horace Jackson, both
of whom have frequently befriended him
during his darkest hours, and former Su
pervisor King. Lawler waa yesterday
sent to the City and County Hospital.
His death, according to physicians at the
hospital, is only a matter of a few hours.
FOKMEB POLICE JUDGE .
' LAWLOR • SLOWLY DYING
POLICE RESCUE
STARVING GIRL
p-rf-a HE sixteenth annuar ball given
I last night by Stanford Parlor of ;
8 the Native Sons of the Golden
JJL • West was one of the most elab- .
orate functions ever given by that
organization. It was a truly Native Son
social, given in Native Sons' Hall, in
which the parlor has a large proprietary
interest. The decorations were "the han
diwork of A. F. Schleicheri vice president
of the parlor; the music was by Ronco
vierl, another Native Son, and the print
ing was done by still another member of
the order.
; The decorations were all white, most
artistically festooned and relieved g from
heaviness by ferns and great bells of nile
green material, the whole being illumi
nated by concealed electric lights. The
orchestra was hidden by ' a pretty ar
rangement of tall Spotted plants.
'It 'was a full dress affair and the mem
bers of the -several, committees wore* in-'
stead of the usual badges moire antique
sashes across the breast after the manner
of Marshal of France. In the grand
march, which was led by President S. O.
Stanyan and Miss Jessie Little, there were
fully two hundred couples.
The ball was under the direction of:
•Floor director— S.O.' Stanyan. ¦
Floor committee — Bruce Cornwall, Alfred J.
Fritz, A: H. Glannlni, Joseph W/ Hardlman,
Philip Heuer, Charles A. Moraghan, A. - F. •;:
Schleicher, Robert Schord, Henry Van Valken
burgh, P. J. Wenlger.
Chairman reception committee— John J. Van
Nostrand. •
Reception committee— Harry Baehr. Thomas
Barry, D. A. Curtin, Washington Dodge, A. P.
Gianninl, Carl T. Granz, Joseph Greenberg,
Fred H. Jung, William D. Leahy, John J. Ler
men, John W. Lewis. John J. McCarthy, Dan
O'Callaghan, George W. Springer. ¦; y '
: Those who attended were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Lewis, R. Schord, Miss
, B. Jones, Mrs. A. Ovieds, Miss L. Kavanagh,,
P. F. Ferguson, Mrs. P. Ferguson,' Miss Hat-;
tie Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. > Powers, Henry:
I Van Valkenburgh, Miss Doris Heuer,, Mr. and
i Mrs. D. A. Curtin, Miss Bert Maher, Charles
I F. Ratto, Herbert Thomas, Miss May Smith,
William C. Cathcart. Miss C. Ellis, Miss M.
Ellis Dan O'Callaghan, Miss Laura Werner, ,
Mrs. M. Marx, 1 Tom Vice Jr.; Miss Alice Vice, ,
A: F. Shlelcher, Mre. K. / Poehlmann,' H. ( 8.
Martin, Miss I. Purlenky, Mrs. G. Purlenky,
Washington Dodge. A. P. Giannlni, ! C. T.
Granz, Thomas , F. Barry, Miss -Nellie ,Mc-
Mahon, J. V. Cooney. James B. : Bocarde, ' Mrs.
Horn, J. Lytle Martin, ' J. O'Keefe, ¦ H. Plage
rnann. Miss M. Plagemann, William J. Wynn,
Mrs. William Enright Sr., Miss Julia Enright,
Alexander E, "J. Nye,' Miss : Maude . Cameron,
Mr. Judah, Mr. - Gardner, Bruce , Large, . Miss :
Lillian Curley, Miss Hattie - Crockett, s R. V.
Whiting and truest. David B. Torres, Miss Dol
lie Seymour, Mr. and Mrs." J. A. Dierssen. Mrs.
J. E. Walsh. W. Martinez, Miss K. J. McCal
lery, Walter . Rodgers. I*. O. Haven, Edward
Girzlkowsky, Miss E. von Kapp, A. Haven,
Joiles Getz, Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Crackbon, Dr.
H. Kugeler. Miss Paula Wolff. Miss J. Kuge-
ler Philip Heuer, William Tlernan, Jamea
Kennedy. Miss Apperius, J. . H. .Strehl, , Mlo3
J. - H. Strehl. ' » . ' - ¦ ¦,
Mr. and. Mrs. Richard: L. i Radke. ¦ Mr. anl
Mrs. Hiram D. • Nichols. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. ,
Lermen, Miss Anna ¦ Duffy. Dr. and Mrs. C. C. ;
O'Donntll, Merritt D. Robinson, Miss L. Has-
The asphalt deposits will be developed
and it is also the purpose, of. the asphalt
syndicate to buila a railroad from the
ranch to some point on the Monterey and
Mexican Gulf- -Railroad, a distance of
about sixty miles. The consideration In
volved in this deal is said to exceed
$1,000,000. ¦ ,
AUSTIN. Tex.; Feb. 21.— The Warner-
Quinlan asphalt syndicate of New: York
yesterday purchased the Lopez ranch in
Northern Mexico, embracing -1,200,000
acres and upon which are extensive and
rich de:>csiis of asphalt." .
Is Purchased for a Million
• Dollars.
Valuable Land in Northern Mexico
NEW YORK SYNDICATE
BUYS ASPHALT ACRES
The Custom Boot. and.. Shoe. Makers'
Union has reorganized, and it is expected
that it will quickly increase in member
ship, it being the aim of the officers of
tLe union to secure the enrollment of all
boot and shoe clerks in the city. A con
siderable reduction has been made in the
monthly dues.
- Shot Clerks' Union Reorganizes.
;> '"Syndicate" Mains.
The United States Grand Jury, brought
In an indictment yesterday against Wal
ter N. Dimmick, ex-chief clerk of the
United '•' States Branch Mint, for em
bezzling and stealing $30,000. There are
three founts in the indictment, the first
accusing Dimmick of stealing $30,000 from
the Mint the second alleging that the
money had been' intrusted to him as chief
clerk and that he unlawfully embezzled
and converted It to his own use and the
third charging that as clerk he assumed
charge of the money and embezzled the
same with- intent- to defraud the United
States. Bail was fixed at $30,000.
• An Indictment was returned also against
Charles R. Mains, charging him with us
ing the Postofnce Department -In further
ance of a scheme to defraud. Bail was
fixed at $1500. Mains pretended to be the
representative of a four . billion-dollar
syndicate engaged in buying oil lands and
othsr things that might be lying around
loose within the United States. He repre
sented to his intended victims that the
syndicate had several million dollars on
deposit in banks in San Francisco, New
York and elsewhere.- He was engaged In
disposing of -the stock of the fictitious
syndicate, when 1 one of his victims,
Charles Bennett of Battle Creek, Mich.,
who was about to send him $3000, was ad
vised by his banker, that Mains was a
fraud with an unsavory record... . :v :. .'...
Against "Four . Billion - Dollar
Federal Grand Jury Also Finds Bill
. Edward J. Riggins, an employe of the
Pacific box factory, living at 20*£ Freelon
street, was found lying wounded in front
of his house last night by Officer Shink
win, who sent him to the Central Emer
gency Hospital., HIggins .claimed that
two men hred two snots at him just as
he was entering his house and he re
turned the fire. Officer i Shinkwin, who
was In the vicinity, says • that- but two
shots were fired; and that he saw no one
running away. The clothing on Higgins'
left leg, where the bullet entered, is
powder marked, and when the officer
reached him Higgins' underwear was
burning. From the location of the wound
and other circumstances the police are
inclined to, believe that HIggins accldent
clly inflicted the wound on himself.
Higgins' Story Is Discredited.
DIMMICK IS* INDICTED
FOB THE MINT ROBBERY
It is proposed to make the visit of this
committee a notable one in labor circles,
and as soon as the date is definitely an
nounced the local unions will be calied
upon to unite in a' monster demonstration
of welcome.
It was also announced that some time
during the month of April the executive
board of the American Federation of
Labor would visit this city 'for the fir&t
time, although nearly all the other large
centers of labor interests have been vis
ited before. The differences between the
Building Traaes Council and the San
Francisco Labor Council will come up for
consideration at the meetings of the com
mittee.
Macarthur was delegated by the men
out on strike to explain to the executive
committee of thirty-six which recently
met in Washington the necessity -of
some such action, and as a result of his
appeal the committee was appointed.
Macarthur did not announce the date. of
the arrival of this arbitration committee.
He is on his way home, and is expected
here during the early part of "next week.
¦-¦.-. . . ¦ ;.:"-;]
A dispatch from.W. A. Macarthur, who
has been in attendance at the meeting of
the National Civic Federation in New
York, read by Secretary Rosenberg at the
meeting of the Sari Francisco Labor
Council last night, indicates that efforts
are to be made to end the strike of the
local ironworkers which commenced May
20, 1901. ¦
A committee consisting of nine mem
bers of the Civic Federation has been ap
pointed with instructions to visit this city
and endeavor to adjust the -troubles be
tween the principal shipbuilding and iron
working firms and the men still out on
striked The names of those composing
the committee were not forwarded. It is
expected that President McConnell of the
National Federation of Ironworkers will
be one of the party.
Friemann, who Is .quite well-to-do, '
.writes to Maristany that he Is contem
plating a trip to Australia this summer
to look after property there and that ha
will come by way of America, stop
over a few days in Alameda and have a
long heart-to-heart dialogue with Maris
tany about the woman whom they both
once, called wife. Two other men. Har
bidge and Jones, who also went the route
to the altar with the marrying madame.
are now said to be in Southern California.
If possible arrangements will be made for .
a reunion of the quartet of ex-husbands,
who have air loved and lost to Annette,
the captivating. . . •
Reminiscences of the charmer will be
exchanged and the freedom' and Joys ot
bachelorhood extolled. It has been sug
gested to Maristany that the following
toasts would, be appropriate at the
planned gathering ana feast of the single
four: ."How It Happened to Me." with
responses from husbands Nos. 1,3. 4 and
5; "To Our Absent Sympathizer Na 2,"
"We Are Four," "Look Out for No. 6."
Friemann's epistle to Maristany is dated
Oregon House, 17 , Upper Bedford place,
Russell Square, London, February 1, 1902.
The letter reads in part:
Mme. Harbldge deserted this city sev
eral months ago after she had securely
tied up in' a legal way realty valued at
about $30,000, which she Induced the aged
Maristany to deed to her subsequent to
their supposed marital union three years
ago. The one-time capitalist does not
now recognize her as his wife, believing
that she nad another husband when she
took his name. Hme. Haroldge is at tma
time thought to be somewhere in Eng
land.
s ALAMEDA. Feb. 21.— Bernhard Frie
mann of London, husband No. 3 of the
dashing adventuress. Mme. Annette Har
bidge, alias Brady, alias Friemann, alias
Jones, alias Maristany. ana whom the
lady had often asserted was numbered
with the deceased, has written an ani
mated letter of consolation to Joseph
Maristany, husband No. 5, who wa3 a
local capitalist until he lost his heart and
his property to the experienced and win
some Annette.
Sylvester was in his bedroom when a
bullet crashed through the window of
the room he occupied and imbedded It
self in the wall. The police officer Is
satisfied that the shot was Intended for
him. , "-" > - ;
As soon as Chief "Wittman learned of
the occurrence he specially detailed Syl
vester-to run down the would-be mur
derer. Suspecting that McLaughlln. • who
recently served a six mlnths' sentence
with his brother for brutally assaulting
Sergeant Lewis, was the man who tired
the shot at him. Sylvester started to
trace his movements on the night of tne
attempted murder. After a short investi
gation he satisfied himself that McLaugn
linwas the right man and he placed him
under arrest. McLaughlin will be form
ally charged to-day with assault to com
mit murder. ,
Some time ago Sylvester I arrested Mc-
Laughlin's brother for committing a
-brutal assault on an old woman. Think
ing that the officer took too much inter
est in the- case, it is thought It was de
cided to put him out of the way. While
he | was undressing in . his bedroom the
would-be assassin took a shot at him, but
failed to hit him. . .¦ . ¦
McLaughlin denies that he had any
thing to do with the shooting. He claims
he will be able to prove by several re
liable witnesses that he was not in the
vicinity of the policeman's home when
the attempt was made on . his life.
¦¦'"•-
Alfred McLaughlln, a Mission tough,
was arrested and placed in the tanks last
night on suspicion of being the man who
tried to murder Police Officer Dan Syl
vester. He was taken to the City Prison
and his name registered on the small
book.
Strong Effort to Be Made to
Arbitrate Ironworkers'
Differences.
Now Report Abundance ,
of Moisture.
... ¦ . ¦ - i ¦
All Sections of California
Bain Falls North of Tehachapi.
MERCED, Feb. 21.— One-half inch of
tain has fallen here, .with good prospects
lor more' to-night. • • -
KOLLISTER, Feb. 2L— One inch of rain
fe.l to-day.
TULARE, Feb. 21.— Heavy showers fell
thi- evening. There are fine prospects for
a < >ntinuance. -
i RESXO, Feb. 21.— The heaviest rain
faJ! of the season is general in this vicin
ity to-nigrht. . It is accompanied by-con
siderable wind and the prospects are that
it will continue for several hours at least.
It will do a vast amount of good.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 2L— Following a
r-iph wind that filled the air with dust
this evening, rain fell in goodly quantities.
From all ; indications the storm will cou
tinue through the night. The rainfall is
gereral In this section.
JjALINAS, Feb. 21.— It commenced rain
ing this morning at 6 o'clock and has con
tinued at intervals all day. For a time
this afternoon the rain came down in tor
rents. The precipitation for the day was
about 1.25 inches. The entire county was
drenched and the indications are favor
able for more rain to-night.
PASO ROBLES, Feb. 1'L— Rain com
menced here at noon and developed Into
a heavy storm this afternoon. About 1
inch of rain has fallen. This practically
insures hay and feed, and, . with sprftig
showers, a good crop of grain will be
harvested.
f-ANTA BARBARA. Feb. 21.— Rain
commenced falling here at 6 o'clock this
svening and descended in torrents for a
half hour, after which it settled down
Into a steady falL
STOCKTON.- Feb. 2L-The heaviest
rainfall in years for a single day was re
coided here to-day, the total precipitation
being 1.30 inches, making 3.34 for the
month and 8.86 for the season. In this
city the storm was especially severe be
tween the hours of 4 and 7 p. m., when
the fall amounted to .78 of an inch. The
indications are for more rain. This down
pour gives assurance of • abundance of
crops in this end of the San Joaquin Val
ley. On the west side, where rain was
needed, the fall was the heaviest of any
time this year and a large yield will re
sult.
. iOXTEREY, Feb. 21.— Rain, accompa
nkd during the afternoon by thunder and
lifeiitning, has fallen here all day. The
precipitation is general throughout this
section. ¦¦ • ¦ • ¦ ...
WALNUT CREEK, Feb. 21.— Rain has
failen steadily throughout San Kamon
\ ailey since early this morning. With 2
inches for the storm. the" total will nearly
ame up to last season's. • Orchards and
g.ain have never looked better.
The rain has come just In time to save
ciops and do incalculable good. Livestock
has suffered much of late for lack of pas
turage, which was ' beginning to turn
brown.
All kinds of crops were in need of
moisture and the soil was in poor con-
Oition. Should the present storm prove
of sufficient duration and extent the
southern part cf the State will be assured
ci a prosperous crop year.
Reports indicate that the storm is gen
eial throughout Southern California, it
oiu not reacn Kan Diego until nearly mid
night, but heavy raiu is now railing
1 ;IaN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 2L-Up to 5
o'clock this afternoon the precipitation
tie the storm was .86 of an inch, making
a Votal for the season of 7.51 inches. With
Vi . y little more rain the coast side of this
exunty will produce its usual large irop.
E.;.st of the santa Lucia lange conditions
a; o not so favorable. Owing lo the long
o.y spell farmers became discouraged ana
tapped their work early. It is now too
lu.e lor tnem to put in the usual acreage
*u.d the land sown to crops probably will
not exceed 40 per cent of that of last sea
son. ¦ ¦ •
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2L— The storm
that has threatened Southern California
for the "past thirty-six hours broke upon
Los Angeles to-night at 9 o'clock in a
heavy rain. The ¦wind veered suddenly to
the east, and for a few minutes the rain
was diiven in sheets through the streets.
Later the wind subsided and the rain set
tled into a steady fall. Every Indication
Is favorable to a continuance of the pre
cipitation throughout the night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officer Sylvester Accuses Him
of Firing Shot Through-
Window;
Reunion of Ex-Husbands in
Alameda Is Pro
posed.
National Civic Federa
tion to Send Commit
tee to This City.
Region Below Tehachapi
Gets a Thorough
Drenching.
to Murder.
Alfred McLaughlin Is
Arrested for Assault
Bernbard Friemann Con
soles Aged Joe
Maristany.
WILL ENDEAVOR
TO END STRIKE
SUSPECT AIDS
IN THE TANKS
HUSBAND THREE
WRITES TO FIVE
NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS ENJOYS
THEMSELVES AT ANNIVERSARY BALL
Social Function Given Last Night; by the : Members of Stanford
Parlor Proves a Great Success and Is VVell Attended by the
Youth >nd Beauty of the City' Despite "the Heay^R|ipferffl
RAIN-GOD HEARS
SOUTHRONS' PLEA
THE SAN rRAKClSCO: CALL; SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 32, 1902.
10STOCK -MARKET.
Sterling Exchange,. 60 days ;....$* 85»i®4 89 .
Sterling " Exchange, slghfc., ...... 4 88Vj©4 88%
Sterling Cables ................ 4 S9%@t 8»S
New York Exchange, sight. ... 12Vi
N«w York Exchange, telegraphic .... 15
Silver,; per. ounce........ ....- 05^
Mexican Dollars,; nominal;..... ..;; 45V,
¦.Wheat and : Other} ¦ Grains. :
¦ :• WHEAT— Paris , \ futures .were ; lower, but
'Liverpool • futures I were firmer. . . ' ¦ ; • ¦ '
: -. Argentine : . crop ' reports _ .were not J good j for
either wheat -or .corn. ¦ \- . .. •¦; .. ; ; .
. Chicago .wa8;dull and declined slightly. : The
demand was moderate. ¦ with ; some rebelling ' of
wheat bought the ¦ preceding day. : : . There - was
not - much - selling -, - pressure, -. . however.^ ¦ , There
was a big: export '.business on : Thursday^ and
there was a little doing for export account yes
terday.. The exports from the United
for the week were 3. 000, 435. bushels., j...
- The . San : Francisco • market ,, was weak ; and
futures were 5 somewhat > lower, 1 : but there was
no? further; change in shipping grades. : ' r
- Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l .11 "4; ¦ ratlU
Ing. $1 12',4?Sil ISiperctl.', ; " -¦. .
H*-AJ&?t. CALL: BOARD SALES. *
' s Informal Session-rO :15 o'clock— May— 10,000
ctls "$l? 12?;.". December— 2000. ?1'11J£.
; - 8econd ' Session— May — 6000 ; ctls, $1" 12'4 ;
10, 000.* $i:J 2. , :.;¦'.••¦;.;.,• v , .'
¦ ¦ Regular ' Morning " Session — May — 20,000 ¦ ctls
$1- 12; ' 6000. $1 1 12"^.'- December — 2000. >'$1 1014 :"
4000, $1, 1014:- 6000..- $1 10%. ¦-,,-. -.-.*...-..:....
Afternoon Session — May —^2000 ctls, $111%-;
C000, $l,ll»i:i< 2000.; JlllH:. 26.000. $1 11%.
December— 4000, . - $1 . 10; - 4000, \, $1 00% ; *¦ 4000.
*li 09% .:¦-">", ¦¦:¦¦:;/- '¦¦: a .-¦:;-. ..-,. ' ..¦ • ¦>:.-¦¦, »
¦ BARLEY— The, continued rain gave the max-
' . NEW',T0RK, Feb. , 21,-^FLOUR— Receipts,
13,800 barrels. 1 : exports, 33,300. barrels. Quiet
and steady. Winter patents.' $3. 85<S>4 25; win
ter stralehts,' rf3 70@3 90; Minnesota ¦ patents,
$3 90#4 10; Minnesota bakers'. - $2 05®3 30. • -¦
' WHEAT— Receipts/ ; 61.500 1 bushels. * Spot
easy. No. 2 red.',SSc f. 0. b. afloat;;No. 2 red;
90c elevator: No. 1 . Northern Duluth, I 85'iic
f. o. b. afloat; No. ; 1 hard Manitoba. 89c f. . o.
b. afloat. The wheat trade was very slow all
day . and " given ' to : a . moderate depression by
reason of favorable crop news, | lees active ex-'
port trade and general realizing." with the close
weak at. %c net loss, v March closed at 83?ic;
May, 83i4@83 15-16c, ¦ closed 83^c; July, closed
at 83Uc; September closed* at 82V4c •
v hops— Dun. : ¦;-; ¦
I HIDES— Dull.
-WOOL-^Steady. . . .
t SUGAR — Raw, ' steady; fair , reflnin*. 3'4c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 394c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
COFFEE— Spot' Rio-i easy;- No! .7 invoice,
6%c; mild ' dull; .. Cordova, S@12c. • Futures
closed ; steady, with prices net , 8 to ' 10 points
lower. Total -sales, 68,500 bags," Including-
March. 5.2O@5.25c;r June. ' 5.50c r July, 5.55c;|
August,' 5.70c; : September. 5. 70@5.80c. .- . ,,:.{
• r DRIED FRUITS.^ •
' : EVAPORATED .APPLES— There '? Is - a quret
market .¦ for ¦ evaporated ; apples > and orlces ¦ are
without change. ' . Jobbers show a ' fair Jnteres*
In strictly prime apples, but, the , movement : Is
generally > slow. - r state,; common . to .rood,-; are
quoted at' 7@89ic:. prime, ;9@0Uc; choice, 'O'f.
@10c; fancy,!l0Vi@Uc - r - , . .
- In I California ¦ dried fruits the - f eeling • shows
firmness .' and a - fair-sized movement , is noted
¦ PKUNES-5%@6%c. - •¦-. .'¦..-...., 'i-'v ,,,•:
' • APRICOTS— Royal, : 10®14c; Moorpark, v 10Q)
12Hc.'-'- : ¦ .. -. , ¦ ¦> .: '• . - I-??:.
- PEACHES— Peeled, li©13c; unpeeled, .'. 8®
93ic..., ! - ., , ' ;. ,; •.;, . .; .-. .¦ ¦ ¦"
¦-"-¦'¦ '.'¦ ;¦ ' ' - '.
Exchahge and Bullion
NEW TORK, Feb. .21. — The action of the
stock market this morning: demonstrated pretty
c«iclu6i\-ely that epeculative sentiment had
cv^f-ome the ehock caused by yesterday's un-
SJ|Kte4 announcement of the proceedings
)A*a!:ist the Northern Securities Company
Stocks held on msrgrin and by timid holders had
apparently beea cold out yesterday and with
forced liquidation completed there was very
little need for supporting orders In the mar
ket this morning. It was generally suppOfced
that fitocks bought yesterday for support had
been unloaded on the rally as Insiders galnet"
oonfldt-nce thst no serious break In prices waa
impending-. At the opening the market was
heavy, but by the second hour the selling had
.'.:;:• n to sucb small proportions that the mar
ket was practically stagnant. At the same
litre there were points of resletance and a few
stocks rained additional strength as the day
;..-cf.rcfspd and led a substantial rally, which
r'.scM prices quite generally above last nlght'h
clc*«. The issuance of the bank statement
«»m*d to be the turning point. The each
Item was practically unchanged. Instead of the
expected decrease of over a million dollars, and
thf restriction of the loan expansion to lt««
than rr.,000.000 reassured the uneasy senti
ment that credit resources were being taken
up at too headlong a pace. The call money
rtte eeeed off to 2 per cent under Uve show
inr of the bank Ktat*roent and the reduced re
quirement* for speculative purposes. The
cessation of forced liquidation and the develop
ment of rtirngth In s number of stocks drove
the shorts to cover. A report that J, P. Mor
gan had gone to Washington to confer with
**r*slaent Roosevelt gave room traders corn
ton. The Colorado and Southern stocks b«
camp very strong et the last on a volume Of
¦3«i;nga. unprecedented for those nock*. Their
ga:ns reached ?. points or better. Good CM
o«T.d proepectE were alleged 1 at the reason for
the advance. Chlcag,.. Indianapolis and I^uIb
•ille also rose 3'{, and the preferred ]=i en
rn-ortpd dividend prospects. Amalgamated
was erratic, raisin* at one time over 1 ,*
TSp; } c"<w"ng practically unchanged. Sfan-
M"Mp aiso failed to hold its full gain of 1143
v^? can Knuff nre 5 "d the preferred 3.
tv w 7? 1 *% ot yeeterday's loss.
.1J1 , S^ tw< Rub ber stocks were strong. Out
«ae cf these, the *triktn«r cains.vtr* In le«
snaninent etocke. Renewed strength in the ex-
New York Stock Market.
ket another and sharper " backset yesterday I
and quotations were- lower both- oh and off;
call, as will be seen, r Buyers held off and the
market, was neglected.-' ¦ •' • -¦¦'
Feed, 92%c for NcU.and 00c for off grade*:
brewing and shipping grades. 87%c(J3r$l; Cheva
lier. 95c@$l 20 per cental. •
. , CALL ; BOARD i SALES.
'Informal-. Session — 9:15. o'clock— December —
16,000 ctls,' 83»ic;, May— 2000, 91 «4c. ; .
Second Session— May — 2000/: ctls. - 90% c. De
cember—4000. 82%c; 2000, 82%c; 6000, 82%e.
Regular - Morning Session — May— 8000 ctls,
90%c: 2000. 90c December- — 4000, 82c.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, 87Vic;
8000. S7«4c.- December— 10,000. SUic: 4000,
81%c. . ' s
OATS— The .market continues very dull , at
unchanged quotations. - :.' "; ' . . ; . .
Grays, $1 22^01 so; whites, $1 25@1 42«;
Surprise, $1 40@l 4B; black. : $1-12%@1 22H
for feed and $1-22%@1 32 v, tor seed: red.
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl - for feed and $1 3o@
i 1 42% for seed.- ...........
i CORN —^The Chicago market continues apa
i thetic and featureless and there is nothing- new:
here, trade being dull. "
• Large yellow. $1 40@l 45: small round do,
$1 60: white,' $1- 35@1 40 per cU. ¦ • -•
RYE — Quoted at 85@90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl. "
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers* ¦ Extras, $3 40@3 5C;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for. family and $3
@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $3®
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows.' usual ' discount to the trade : ¦ Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour,- $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2^50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$-t@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3.50; Farina. $4 60; Wheal
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $8 S5*j>
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl • Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Feas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and. Feedstuff s.
Bran, Middlings and Mixed Feed ar».. lower,
"and Rolled Barley is weak in sympathy with
the raw grain. ......
Hay rules steady, and since the first decline
some days .ago the rain has not; produced any
effect whatever upon the market. The demand
for local and shipping account continues good.
BRAN— $18@18 60" per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@20 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S; jobbing.
$2S5O@29: Cocoanut Cake, . $20®21 ; Corn Meal
$31@32 ; Cracked Corn, $31 60@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $16@17 50; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAT— Wheat, $10@13; fancy. $13 60; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13; Oat, $9@11; Alfalfa $.S©
11; Clover, $7@9; .Volunteer, $8 50©9; Stock,
$6@8 50 per ton. -.
STRAW — 10@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
: There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket, business being dull.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35@2 60; Small White,
90@3 20; Large White. $2 75@2 90: pea,
$3 50@4: Pink. $1 90@2 20; Red. $2 75@S;
Blackeye, $3 75@4; Limas, $1 45(g)4 65; Red
Kidneys, $3 85®4 per ctl. . .
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 75@2 90; Tel
low Mustard. $3 25©3 60; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah.
!>@9%c; California, 8@S%c;' Rape,. l%@2^ic;
Hemp. 3%c per lb. r ' ¦ i
-^DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation in the Potato market at pres
ent is easy, as stocks are plentiful and the
steamer due Monday from Oregon Is expected
to bring large supplies. Jobbers say that there
can be no advance and are in no hurry to buy.
The Onion market Is also easy and very few
sates were reported at the top quotation.
Offerings of 'Los Angeles j Vegetables were
liberal and prices showed little change. Forced
Asparagus from Sacramento sold slowly at S©
15c per lb. Natural Asparagus . was • in more
liberal supply, but prices were about -the same.
POTATOES — $1 10®l 35 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Valley Burbanks, $1 50®
1 85; Oregon • Burbanks, $1 25@1 75; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, $1 35@1 50; River R«ds. 51 50®
160; Early Rose." for seed, $150@175; small
Burbanks, for seed, $1 25® 1 45;. Sweets, $1 50
for Merced.. -. .- '- , . !; .
/ ONIONS— Oregons. . $232. 25, first; hands;
Australian, j $3@3 25; . Green Onions, 50@65c
per box. • . • 1 . .- ; . .- .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 25@40c per lb;
Rhubarb, 10@llc; Green Peas from Los An
geles, 6#8c: String Beans from Loa Angeles.
S@15c, including Wax; Cabbage. 40®50c per
ctl: Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 DO© 2 per box
i and $2{j2 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes. $22»
; 2 50 per box for repacked; Dried Peppers, 12^.®
15c per lb: Los Angeles do, 15@l7Uc: Dried
Okra, 12%@15c per lb;. Carrots. 35@50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1S1 25 per dozen
for large and 60® 75c for .small; 'Garlic, 1*4®
2>ic; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 20®25c; Mex
ican do. 10@20c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles,
20@25c: . Summer -Squash, from Los Angeles
SI 75®2; - Marrowfat Squash. • $855.10 per ton*
Hubbard . Squash, $3310; Mushrooms, 25c@
$1 60 per box.- . » .
¦' Poultry' and Game.
One more car of -Eastern was put on the
market yesterday, maklngr the fifth during the
¦week. .Receipts: of- California Poultry were
light, but the 'demand was slack and young
stock was slightly weaker. Dressed Turkeys
met with ready sale at the quotations.
. There were no changes in Game. RecelDts
were about SO sacks.
POULTRT— Dressed Turkeys, 15®19c; Uve
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15o for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75;' Goslings $2
@2 25; Ducks. $5@5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4 60@5 50: young Roosters. $6®
7: old Roosters. $4@4 60; Fryers, $5®5 50-
Broilers. $4 50@5 for large and - $3 . 50^4 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen lor old and
?2 75@3 for Squabs. - -
GAME— Hare. 76c®$l; Rabblta. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2®
2 50: White Geese, 5Oc@4ll;. Brant, 75c(tt$2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe, $2; Robins, nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
.The situation showed no change whatever
yesterday. Stocks of Butter • continued ex
tremely light and the market was quoted firm.
Cheese ruled steady a£ the familiar quotations.
Eggs , were still In slender supply, and
though receipts were the heaviest, thus far this
year they were readily absorbed. .. The Sound
demand, however, shows signs at falling off,
and unless orders for this account come in
more freely during the;next few days the. next
steamer will take less than has been the- rule
of i late. S As against this - decrease, . however,
still another car is wanted for the East, and
tho brokers'were trying to get It together yes
terday. Under the circumstances the market
continues firm, though the trade keep on pre
dicting a decline "in a few days." The Sound
steamer yesterday took out ¦282 cases.
Receipts were 33.600 pounds; > 24 tubs and 1
barrel of butter, 1841 cases of Eggs,- 12.900
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
Oregon Cheese, and 1600 pounds of Kastern
Cheese. , . '¦ ¦ . " . •
BUTTER— Creamery,, 28% @29e per lb for
fancy, 27%@28c for firsts and 26@27c for sec
onds: dairy. 22327}4c; store Butter. 17@19c per
pound. . -.'^MtwitviMn. , - ..
¦CHEESE — New, 111,4c; old. 10® lie; Young
America, 12@13c; Eastern, 13815c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch 21c, and- In a small way 22c
for selected large and 20c for good to choice;
store, 18®20c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
' Receipts of- Oranges continued light . and
owing to the wet weather the market was dull
and featureless. At the- auction " Fancy Navels
sold, from $1 80 to $2 15 and Standards from
75c to $1 23. Only one car was . sold. . as . the
attendance . was small and the bidding slow. j
• ¦ Lemons were steady • at unchanged prices, j
but tho demand was limited;
¦ Strawberries - from Santa Barbara, which
came in Thursday, sold at 20@25c p»i* basket.
APPLES — $1 50@2 25 per box for extra,. $1^
I 60 for good to choice and 60375c for ordliiary.
FEARS— From cold storage. 75c®$2 50 - per '
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75e@$l 25
for standards. $1 50@2 for choice and $2'82 75
for fancy: Seedlings. 75c@$l 60; Tangerines,
$i:&0@2: Lemons, 60c@?l for common and $1
@1 50 for good to choice and $1 75*f2 50 for
fancy: Grape Fruit.' $1<"?2: Mexican Limes. $5
@6; Bananas, "?2 23*^2 75 per bunch for New
Orleans and $1 25*J2 25 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples,: $3@4 per dozen..;
Dried. Fruits, Nuts and. Raisins.
Previous prices' rule and tne market exhibits
no new. features." V:;. - ,,; v
.' FRUITS— Apricots. ' 8S0c for Royals 'and 8^4
013c, for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated > Apples.' SSS'^c'.sundried/ 5c: Peaches,
6@8}ic: Pears. lC@Oc: Pliims," pitted, 5@5Hc;
unpltted. 1 1%@2 Vic ; Nectarines, - 5@5~4c for red
and 5%@«i4c for, white: Figs, 3c. for block and
60<3>75c per box for white. ¦ -'.",.: ¦ . •
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as -follows:
30-40's. 6@6%c: 40-50's, 4 ; ?<@5Vic: 60-60's, 4H
«IH%c; 60-70's, 3%®4*4c; 70-80's, 3%@3?ic; S&
90's, 2%@3Uc; 95-iOO's. 2%(*f2%c per lb.
r RAISIN'S — Seeded, 3-crown. Sc;. 2-crown, 6V« ¦
@7?ic:^ Loose Muscatels, 6V4c for 4-crown and
5V4o for seedless ;• 3-crown. 6c: 2-crown.- 5%e;
Seedless Sultanas, J14e for unbleached and 7@
8%c for, bleached. Clusters— Imperials, S3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, ' $1 75; London Layers,
$1 25@1 25. . ... •¦ ¦- • . : -,-,-¦
..NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; WalnutsV No. 1
sbftshell, 9%c; No.'2.'S®Si/4c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No.' 2/ . 7c; ; Almonds/, 10%©12c for paper
shell,- 9(gl0c ..for eoftshell • and <6@7c : for:hard
shell :' Peanuts, : B@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. •
12@12%c;- Filberts. 12@12^c;. Pecans. U@13c;
Cocoanuts,'. $3 50@5. - - - '-:: ¦ ' ' ."
:;HONET— Comb,- ll@12c if or -bright and « 10®
lie for light amber; water whlta: extracted. 6®
tic:, light amber extracted,-. 4®5e; dark,"- 4c. ¦ -'
BKESWAX— 27tte2t>c»er.lb. " - *
**8l3rMS0S!£^ffi«y!^SKn!!&!!SSteMt]BHBB^*B*B*B*^**B*B*B*B"B*B*B*H
EASTERN MARKETS.
• NEW YORK, Feb., 21:— R. G.'Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Along the Atlantic Coast business wa3 tem
porarily ¦ checked ' byi tho , storm ' and some in
terior . points . also .suffered from - unfavorable
weather,' but ¦¦ consumptive demand • gives no
evidence- of abatement. •.'. ¦' < .-. • . . .
Prices of perishable goods advanced sharply
and the whole, range of staple commodities
tended upward. -Jobbing trade in spring lines
•of wearing apparel Is .it ample proportions ann
all heavy: hardware and • products of lri-n feel
the pressure In that industry. ' .
Prospects are most -encouraging' as to the
labor situation. Railway earnings thus far re
ported for February • show a 1 decrease of but
3.5 per cent from last; year's figures, which is
fully explained by weather conditions, while
compared with J.000 there is an -increase of 1.8
per cent. BanJ? exchanges for, the week at tiia
leading, cities 'outside 'New York show a gain
of 15.5 por cent over last year, .while. tho Ios6
at New York is but 5.8 per cent from tho total
in 1901,. which is more than accounted for by
a decreased activity In the stock market.
While by no means inflated beyond the point
warranted by urgent purchases, prices of pig
iron have made decided advances, ¦ doeplte the
opposition of leading Interests; ¦ ¦.
The presence of numerous buyers In the Bos
ton footwear market has not yet produced the
desired volume of business. ; -
The hide market, is weak and dull. - * ••
' Farm staples are remarkably well maintain
ed at the recent advance in quotations. ; ,
Stock market operations were of only ¦ fair
size and price changes email until Thursday,
when a severe break occurred, on the an
nouncement that the Attorney General would
..proceed against the Northern ¦¦ Securities Com.
pany. s Much time' must now ¦ intervene before
the legal status of the concern is decided.-- :,
Liabilities of commercial failures thus far
reported for February aggregate $2,607,881.
Failures for the .week number , 260 . in ¦ the
United States against 253 last year, and 31 In
Canada against 39 last year. . . .
To-Day a Holiday.
To-fiay being Washington's birthday ard a
legal holiday business will be suspended
throurhout the "Cnlted States.
Foreign Imports.
Fcreign imports at tnls port in January
were $3,117,475, against $2,390,400 for. the
s*2&* month last Tear, the leading sources be
ing as follow*: Japan, $620,775; China, $785,
700; Great Britain. $305,100; East Indies,
S/M.45O; British Columbia. $185,250; South
-*.»nerlca. $196,360; France. J122.19&; Germany.
\*:20,6O0; Australia. $80,782; Philippine lsl
ttads, $80,430. x
Weather Report.
«ia>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 21 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same- date last
season and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.04 31.80 3«.76
Bed Bluff O.68 18.78 21.80
Sacramento 0.60 50.15 15.92
Baa Frasclsco ... 1.05 12.12 16.09
Fresno 0.04 2.96 9.88
Independence 0.00 1.39 5.47
8an Luis Obirpo.. 0.40 S.22 27.04
IyOB Aneeles Trace 4.22 13.66
San Diego 0.00 2 .45 - 8.5S
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58: minimum. 49; mean. 54..
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures Trere reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 42-24 j Washington 36-28
Cincinnati 28-28 Omaha 36-2y
Philadelphia 36-2SJDuluth 32-18
Jacksonville 66-54 Chicago f .26-22
New York 32-26 Salt Lake City.. 50-32
Kansas City 34-16 St. Louis 28-26
"WEATHBR CONDITIONS AJTD GENERAL
FORECAST.
A depression of considerable depth appears
over the country north of the Tehacha.pl and
win probably move rapidly southeastward. The
pressure Is below 29.70 inches along the coast
*£?=> Point R«yes to Caps Blanco. Rain has
-Iw-iva in generous quantities from Point Con
ception northward. At Ban Uuls Oblspo .40 of
an Inch Is reported. At Ban Francisco 1.08
Is reported. Reports are missing from Fresno.
The followlnc hirh winds are reported :
Point Reyes. 50 mile* per hour from the south;
B*n Lui« Oblspo. 28 from the south: Independ
ence. 28 southeast; Portland. 28 from the north
east.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 22, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers; brisk south
erly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
w«wtber Saturday, witn showers; brisk to hitrh
southwest winds.
TCevafia— Cloutfv; probahly rain; high south
east winds.
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Showers Satur
day; brisk to high southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
7fiote — lAtr- reports received from Fresno
enow that it Is raining at that point. *?. -.
Harrison's circular says: "During- the week
there hava been six coal arrivals from Wash
ington with. 21,000 tons; two from Oregon, 113O
tons; three from British Columbia. 922.8 tons;
total, 31,848 tons. Th« deliveries from British
Columbia have been very light this month.,
and the shrinkage In shipments has been seri
ously felt In tho market, especially during the
cold -weather this month, wnen a. number of
Jobbers and retailers did not have & single
ton of Wellington coat on hand. Some outside
grades of Colonial 1 have been brought Into
requisition, which were never before utilized
for domestic purposes. There is an abundance
of steam fuel on hand, which is being disposed
of at very low figures, having- oil as a com
petitor, the sales of which are - increasing
monthly, and at slightly Improved prices.
Freight rates on coal from England and Aus
tralia have touched bed rock; when shippers
will not pay over 10s or 11s per ton it Is ap
proximating ballast figures. Ship-owners re-'
celve no compensation for th* use of their
vessels at $2 CO per ton. when, they deduct cost
of loading and discharging-, and the extra time
saved by sending ships In ballast. Besides oat
ward grain freights are sliding downward,
which should have a tendency to strengthen
foreign coal rates, hence the writer feels as
sured that better rates must prevail In the
near future."
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
76c; raw. 74c; cases, 60 more; LucoU 66c for
boiled and Cia for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases, 90s;
China Nut,"57%@6J3o per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 73c: Sperm. pur<»,
65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. barrels, 42*ac; cases. 47^e:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels. 63>£c 'for Ceylon and
oS^jc for Australian. . ¦ - •
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In built,
1.1 "¦jc; Pearl Oil. la cases. 20c; Astral 20c:
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; tn
enses. 21~ttC; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In eases.
20~£c; SO-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
case*. 26i^c. — . •
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
. 61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Prices are 15c lower aJl around.
The Western Sugar Refining: Company quotes,
per lb. in loO-lb bass: -
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c;
Powdered. 4.75c: Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65c: Confectioners' A. 4.65c;
Fruit Granulat<*d. 4.65c; Bet?t Granulated: i\W~
lb bags only). 4.5?e; Magnolia A. 4.2Sc; Extra
C 4.15c; Oclri?n C. 4.05c: D,. 3.95c; barrels,
10c more: half-barrels, 23c more: boxes. 60c
more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. , No orders {aken
for less- than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, H.lZc: boxes, &.4<Jc
per lb.
. Receipts of Produce.
;FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 21. v\
Flour, qr sks.. 4.750 Wool. »kj ...... • 2
¦ Wheat, etls .... 14.952 j Beans. sk» I ?f0
Barley. ctl<i u.&"3 ; I-eathcr. . rolls .. ",;>
Oats, ctls ...... isi>i Wine, gals .... 5U.13O
Corn, ctls • 590 1 Hides.' No. .... 2!>7
Onions, sks ... 33.1 Pelts, bdla 274
Potatoes, sks.;.. 3.67.1 Lime, bbls .... 1*2
Bran, sks .... 2.670 [Tallow, ctH ... - ?25
Middlings, sks.. 27O|Su>car. ctla ... 5O«i
Hay, tons ...... ' .2.M Quicksilver, fiks 210
Straw, tons lSJUrandy. gals .. 3.C0O
Hops, bales T 103 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr *ks.. 10,370 Onions, sks ... R'ST
Oats, ctls ...... , .700 Bran, rks ' '• 4*)'
Potatoes, sks.. ll.ij^}
AL. _ ' » -
j GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags. June
and July, 6c; local make. %o l«ss than Cal
cuttas; San Quentlns. $3 53; Wool Bags, 32@
85c: Fleece- Twine, 7H©Sc.
¦ COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington.' $9;". Seattle, $6 CO; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay, $5 50; WaTlsend. $8 60 r
Co-operative "Wallsend, $8 60; Cumberland $12
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Eg?, ; Welsh Anthracite, $ll;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. (15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain description*,
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 SO per ton, accord
ing to brand.
General Merchandise.
NEW TORK, Feb. 21.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week end
ing February 20, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year: -
Percentage*.
Lv" : ' -T ¦ ¦ Inc. Dec.
New. York $1,422,599,056 5.8
Chicago 172,470,577 25.3
Boston 133.426,801 3.0
Philadelphia 81,429,519 22.2
St. Louis 50.628,290 20.8 . ....
Pittsburgh 39,912.723 .... 2.5
Baltimore '-5,092,713 11.4*
San Francisco.... 25,0«9,579 28.0
Cincinnati ... 20,009,500 2.4
Kansas City. 18,950,003 28.8
Cleveland 12,897.540 16
Minneapolis 11,881.810 31.2
New Orleans 14,498,636 24.0
Detroit 8,721,720 4.9
Louisville «, 475,224 ... 12 1
Indianapolis 9,402.28i) .34.8 '.
Providence 6,530,100 4 G
Omaha 6,733.636 14.3
Milwaukee 6.698.7S7 8.«
Buffalo 5.930.073 5.7
St. Paul 5,301.582 18.7 ,"'
St. Joseph 4.736.2S7 8.7
Denver 3,989,129 .... 10.2
Richmond 3,810,277 7 3
Savannah 3.048,118 si'i
Salt Lake City.;. 2,901,160 . 13.9
Albany 2.6O4.922 7
Los Angeles 4,246,790 51.1
Memphis ..' 3, 137,S*j4 10. 0 , ]
Fort Worth 2,570,853 21.4
Seattle 3.244.641 51.2
Washington 3.193.759 15.2 ..
Hartford . 2,C23.209 12.7 ....
PecHa 3.512,722 27.2
Toledo 2.-195,890 27.3
Portland, Or..... , . , 2.764,873 49.1 .. :
Rochester..:..... . 2,322,883 11.1 ....
Atlanta ......... 2,620,511 16.3 ...
Des Molnes 1,827.766 . 19.4
New Haven 1.809,593 . 20.7
Wcroester ....... 1,412,424 . "71
Nash\-llle :.. 1.494,634> .... 2.7
Fprinirtield, Mass.* " 1.500.816 13.1
Norfolk' ......... 1,321.893 ...-. als
Grand Rapids ... 1.413.3S7 16.1 ....
Scranton ." 1,636,338 34.7
Portland. Me 1.206.334. 11.8
Sioux City - 1,548,237' -30.9
Augusta 1.343,990 .... 8.7
Syracuse .: 1,434.«34 37.4
Dajton, O.. , 1,239,720 11.5 ....
Tacoma ......... ' ; 1,137,411 8.1 .....
Spokane ....:....;. 1,614,984 97.7 ' ....
Topcka ' 1.402,129.' 8.9 ....
Davenport ....... 907.348 ! 12.5 '„...
Wilmington, Del. 1,052,438 15.3- ....
Evansville ... ' 752.581 - 3.3
Birmingham .....' 1.30S.4M 45.5 '.'. .
Fall River.. 1,163.921 , 50.0 ..-. .
Macon ........:;. , 717,000 1,4 ....
Little Rock .....' 801.82S 15.4'
Helena 536,657 .... * 4.7
Knoxville' ....... 681.853 / 38.6
Lowell 004.466 ' 5*0
Akron ........... 541.600 ..;. 2.5
Wichita' ' ;' B81.933 ; 16.4 ....
Sprlngneid. I|l.... 538,867, .... ..„
Lex-lngton 495.418 2.6 '..:.
New Bedford .... 424,271 ;... 8.0
Chattanooga ..'... .")21.58fi - ...-. 1.1
Youngstown 693,169 . . 4?.9 ....
Kalamazoo '. 429.580 15.0 ....
Fargo ....' '597,676" 32.0
Binrrhamton .104,200 37.9
Rockford ..' 311,14« -'- 14.3
Canton ¦ 508,000 51.1 ....
Jacksonville, Flu. - . .''93.182 , 22.0- - ....
Springfield. Ohio. 269,675 38.8
Chester. ...... -315.234 ..17.1' - ....
Qulncy;.- ..:..> 467,604. ....,i ;.*./
Bloominnton 404,741 ' 18.8- •"....
Sioux Falls 2X3,364 43.8 ....
Jacksonville. III.. 158.64S 4.8
Fremont ..... ' • • 10A.612 : '- . .V. " 26.0
HonstonV.. ....... 12,092.236 • 36.8 ....
Galveston* ; .8,635,000 19.7 ....
Columbus, O.» ... • 6,6Ti8,000 " 18.3 ....
Wheeling" ...... ' 695,614 ....: ,\ ;.
Wllkesbarre** ... 789.000
Beaumont" ..... 446.252 : :.: . - ....
Totals, U. S... $2,183,420,091 ~~ 1.7
Outside :N." Y.. •. 760,^21,005; 6.9 ~ ......
CANADA. .
Montreal ......... $18,912,586 ' -42.7 ...;
Toronto. ..12,787,502 28.8 ; ....
Winnipeg 2,410,140 48.2 :. ....
Halifax ......... 2,550.251' ».«,....
Vancouver, "B.- C; '- • 757. 2O8 - : . 6.9 ••...,
Hamilton .... .;.•"., 845.14S - 20.8
St. John, N. B... , 737,567 3.3 ....
Victoria; B. C... :. 466,856 : • .... 4.J
Quebec" .;;.:.'.. ' l,422,'O48 .... ....¦
Ottawa .'.'• 1^669.549 . .... ....
" r Totals, Canada... .$38,487,858, 33.4 ...;
•Not ¦ included .in totals * because '. containing
other items than" clearings/
••Not included In •¦ totals because of no com-'
"partfonifor last. year. ; .* -' • . -. :
The total Bank Clearings , for the .week end
ing yesterday were , £20,014.033. • against $16,
606,6-37 during the same week in 1901. ;
Associated , Banks', Stdtcm ent. i
- NEW YORK," Feb. 21 .—The Financier says :
,"•, The " statement 'of the Aoesicatcd Banks of
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, IS 1 A@28c; dairy.
18%<324c. Cheese, firm. 10@12>Ac. Eggs,
weak;: fresh. 31% c.
: Foreign Futures. *
"•' ¦•'.-', '-:.:. .'". rj LIVERPOOL. .'.;
/Wheat— ' ,- , March! May.
Opening .'...'........ 62 titt
Closing .....;.. 6 l",' -6 1%
> .: ' PARIS-
Wheat — ' Feb. May-Aug.
Opening ...; 20 75 -• ; 21 85
Closing 20 SO -2100
Flour — ' ' ' ". v ;v. ,
Opening ... . >K . ....*. 2fl OO "\ 27 30
Closing 25 95 ' 27 40
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.. ' v ¦'
-CHICAGO. Feb. 21.— CATTLE — Receipts,
3500; steady.' Good 'to prime steers; $Q 35@
7 20; poor to medium, $4@C 40: stockers and
feeders, $2 50@o; cows, $1 25@5 40; heifers.
$2 50!S5'50; canners', ?1 25g2 40; bulls, ¦ $2 50
@4 50: calves, ?2 50©5 35; -Texas-fed steers,
$4 50®5 75. -, ¦• . . . — v> ,. i., •
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 28,000; Monday, 21,
000; left over, 4000/ '- Market active and stiong
to 5c higher. Mixed and butchers', $5 90®
H 40; good to choice heavy, $6 25@6 45;. rough'
heavy, $6@6 120; light. $3 »0g6;.bulk of sales,
$5 95(^6 25. .'* .
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000: steady; lambs weak
to 10c lower, j Good to choice wethers, . $4 75®
5 25; fair to choice -mixed, $3 80^4 60; West
ern sheep and yearlings, $4 50<i?5 60; native
iambs,- $3 75@6 50; Western lambs, ?5 25®6 50.
/ ' ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 21. — CATTLE— Re
ceipts. .700. Strong. Natives, $4 25«j>7; cows
and heifers, $1 75<S5 50: veals, $4©6 75; stock
eres and feeders, $2 75@4 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 5100; steady. Light and
light mixed. $5 70tf?6 10; mixed and heavy, S6 05
<S6 37% ; pigs, $3 25@4 90. ,
SHEEP — Receipts, 100; steady.
New York Metal Market. .
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— All of the metal
markets were quiet to-day, but In two or three
cases prices were,, lifted .slightly. Tin was
quoted at $25#25 25 for spot and London prices
were ¦ advanced 10 shillings to £117 for spot
and £109 17s 6d for futures. -" The New York
and London copper markets were steady but
quiet and unchanged. Lead was firm' here at
4%c. whlU London was Is 3d higher at £11
13s 9dJ . - - . ¦ - : • ¦ ¦ -- -. .-
Spelter was higher,, closing at $4 25. tut Lon
don was - 2s 6d ¦• at £17 15s. The local iron
markets were quiet and unchanged. . and the
English markets were considerably lower.
Glasgow closed at 53s 3d and Middlesboro at
47s 7% d. • ¦' " - "
, HNew York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Feb. 21.— COTTON— Closed
fteady. 2 points. lower to 6 points higher.
Nof'thern Business.
PORTLAND. Feb. 21. — Clearings' $390,043;
balances, $74,636.- .
STACOMA.'Feb. 21. — Clearings/ $1S4,S1S; bal
ances, ?60.939.
. SPOKANE. Feb'. 21.— Clearings,' $259,916;
balances. $58,970. ' ... .,%•:
SEATTLE. Feb. . 21. — Clearings, . $512,*J6;
balances, $161,801. .
-Northern Wheat Market.
•vl;*' ' OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb.. 21.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady. Walla Walla, 65%@66c; blue stem,
C6%@67c; valley, 65(?65%c.
Foreign Markets. ,
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Consols,. 94 lt-16; sil
ver, 25%d; French rentes, . 101 fl2%c;- cargoes
on passage, steadier; • cargoes No. 1 standard •
California, 80s -8d:' cargoes Walla Walla, 293
6d* Encllsh country, markets,' firm.'
HOPS— Pacific Coast, firm, £3 10s@£4 10s.
; LIVERPOOL, Feb. .21. — Wheat, firm; wheat.
In Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, yulet; weather in England,
cold and dami>. '•.-¦ :
COTTON — Uplands, 4_21-32d. . ¦¦»...
: . Iron- and . steel are-active. 1 strong i and > ad
vancing. Despite all conservatism plglron
prices: tetod up. Tho sale of. 103,000 tons* at
valley furnaces to the leading interest' at $10
puts- the price for the third quarter's output Be
yond peradventure. , Compared with a year ago
steel billets, which are selling at $30, or $7 above
steel: rajl prices, show a gain of 50 per cent
over -last year. Piglron. on the contrary, has
only yielded 10 per cent and the feeling is that
buying by smaller mills will. precipitate an ad
vance. Structural mills are sold ahead to Sep
tember, but plate mills are wellV up with or
ders. ' • ... . :-, ¦ ,-. .7, -¦ ¦ '¦¦»¦ . -^
Wheat,, including flour.-'exports for the week
aggregate ¦ 3,629,433 bushels, -.against 3.175,481
last week and 3,424.302 inithis week last year.
Wheat exports -from July ' 1. 1901, to date
(thirty-four weeks), aggregate 176,931,803 bush
els, against 128,015,365 last season.
Interior districts in the northern half of the
Country are under snow and collections are in
terfered with. Shoe shipments are 1 slightly
smaller than last week, or this week last
year, but for- the season they are 8 per cent
greater. .
Business failures in the United States for
the week number 224, as against 265 last week
221 in this week last year, 168 in 1900. 220 in
1899 and 183 In 1S9S. ;
Canadian failures number 24, as against 25
last week and 24 in this week a year ago. -
The woolen goods industry remains active,
despite the strikes in some large mills. De
mand for women's dress goods Is~ large, plain
fabrics being heavily sold ahead. Heavy over
coatings for. fall wear are .well sold ahead and
cuttings are being booked well. - ¦ ¦. :
' Specially good reports come from, the job
bers ot the West and Northwest, but it is to
be notttf that Eastern, dry goods dealers have
booked a large business, limited only on cot
ton goods by the unwillingness of sellers to
commit. themselves heavily, even at the present
advanced prices. Spot cotton is again stronger,
despite the heavy movement. The facts at
hand now seem to j bear out the estimates of
10,500,000 bales, or about last year's yield,
and ' the , feeling is growing that ft will all
be needed If the present consumptive demand
continues.
weather conditions have ruled
throughout a large area, with the natural
effect of checking mercantile operations, and
hampering the movement of general merchan
dise and of the products of industry. Coun
try, produce, particularly eggs, butter and
cheese, have continued their upward flight, the
highest prices for three years being reached in
the first named, while the cereals have remained
quite steady, due largely to better export in
quiry for wheat, offsetting the natural growth
of bearlehness induced by the .culmination of
the late rise.
ii — ¦ T.
"NEW TORK, Feb. 21.— Bradstr'eefs to-mor
row will say:
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .:........... 27,000 24.000
Wheat, bushels 85.000 65,000
Corn, bushels 75,000 48,000
Oats, bushels .118,000 t 88.000
Rye, bushels 2,000 8,000
Barley, bushels ......'..... 20,000 20,000
•WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury. balances Shows: Avail
able cash balance. $170,547,598; gold, $S7,240,
732. . ¦•:¦•• ¦'-¦-.
Condition of the Treasury.
The flotation of the Northern Securities Com
pany might be defeated, without threatening
the renewal 'of the transcontinental railroad
conflict. The cause for depression which some
discern In the proceedings against the North
ern Securities Company lies in the supposition
that Jt ia -intended to test the efficacy of the
existing law and then lend the power of the
administration to amending it If necessary to
make It effective against the formation of
great financial combinations. The programme
thus foreshadowed would not be regarded with
equanimity by any large financial interest, and
a reflection of misgiving would be expected in
the securities market for an indefinite period.
The routine newe of the week has given no
cause for anxiety, but rather for encourage
ment in the activity of the Iron trade, a rather
larger movement of grain and prosperous gen
eral trade ¦ conditions.
The bond market has been relatively more
active than stocks and values were only slight
ly affected by the late weakness in stocks, out
side of some of the highly speculative issues.
United States refunding 2s advanced %, the
2s coupon %. do registered the 6s % and
the old 4s % per cent over the closing call
of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— ' Open. High. I^ow. Close.
Atchison 10.40U 75% 75% 76»i
Atchison pfd 3.800 97 »«% O6J4
Bait & Ohio 11.400 103?i 102% 103
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 93«i 93% 93? t
Canadian Pacific... 400 114»i 114 114%
Canada. Southern... 500 86 86 85 *i
Ches & Ohio 1,000 45U 45 45>4
Chicago & Alton 8,200 37»« 37U Z5%
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 200 76% 76% 76%
Chgo, «Ind & Louis. 14,400 64% 60% 64
Chgo, Ind & L pfd. 1.S00 80?i 78% 80
Chgo A East III.... 600 140% 139ft 140%
Chgo & Great Weet 1,400 23% 23% 23%
Chgo & O W A pfd " ..i. 84ii
Cheo & G W B pfd 200 ,45 45 4.1%
Cbgo * Northwstn. 1,500 218% 215 215
Ch*O, R I & Pac... SOO 161 159»i 161
Chgo Term & Tran. 1,600 16 . 15'i 15%
Chgo T & T prd... 200 31 30$ 31
C. C, C & St Louis. 2,000 100% 99% 100^
Colorado Southern. 7.900 20% 17% 20%
Colo 60 1st pfd 6,200 e»tfc 66 68%
Colo So 2d pfd 10,600 36% 33*; 36'.*.
Del & Hudson 400 172 171»i 171^
Del. Lack & West. ' BOO 283 280 2S2
Denver & Rio Grn. 200 43% 43% 43>4
Den & Rio G pfd.. 000 01% 91% 91%
Erie 18,400 38% 37% .35%
Erie let pfd 1,500 68% 67% 68V-
Erie id pfd 500 56 '55% 55%
Oreat Nor pfd 500 1S4 183»i 184%
Hocking Valley 900 67 'A 66}i 67
Hocking Val pfd... 400 . St 83%. 83%
Illinois Central 2.000 139% 13R% r/K*
Iowa Central 400 47 ' 46% Hi%
Iowa Ontral pfd.. 800 7» 76 7'J
Lake Erie & West. -iOO 67 66 07
Lake Erie & W pfd 131
Louisvl & Kashvl.. 2.600 J04»-j 103*; 104%
Manhattan Elev... 9.100 134 182^, 1X1%
Metropolitan St Ry 6,500 168K 167»i 1«S%
Mexican Central... 1C400 28% 25 2S'i
Mexican National.. "00 16% 16>« 1Q%
Minn & St Louis... 800 1O9»4 108 l«>%
Missouri Pacific... 7,200 1O214 101% IO2»i
Me. Kans & Te:: . 600 24% 24^4 24 ?i
Mo. Kane & T pfd. IOO 54% ."•:{«.. 51
Keif Jersey Cent.. 200 182 182 193
New York Central. 3,100 163 162 162*i
Norfolk & Western 1,700 56% 56 56%
Norfolk & West pfd 300 90 . J>0 90
Ontario & Western. 5,800 33% 33»i 33%
Pennsylvania 11.000 149% 148% 149Q
Readinir 34.400 56% 65% 56%
Read 1st prd. ex div 1.000 81 *J 81 M> fi%
P.eadln§f 2d pfd.... 28,800 6S% ' 66% fi8
St Louis iSF.... 1.000 60% 59% 00
St L. & S P 1st pfd .... S3%
Et L & S F 2d pfd. 1,400 73 71% 73%
Bt Louis Swestrn.. 100 26 26 25%
St Louis Swstn pfd. 400 58^ 68%' r,7%
St Paul :: 20,100 !C3% 1«2% 163%
St Paul pfd...:.... 1.OO0 iss% lfu? ISS'i
Southern Pacific... 45,000 64% 63% <H%
Southern Railway.. 4.500 32% 32>i 32^
So Railway pfd...; 1,800 95% 95 95%
Texas & Pacific 5,300 40% 40 40%
Toledo. St L & W. 300 21% 21 21U
Tol. StLA W pfd. 90O» 41 39% 40_Vi
Union Pacific 35,800 101% 100^.. 10114
ITnlon Pacific pfd. 1.000 R9»4 ,*»8*i- . RO^i
Wabash 2,000 23% 23»g 23%
Wabash pfd 2,900 '42*4 42. 42*4
Wheel 4- Lake Erie 2.000 20 18% J9%
•W&LE2dpfd.. 1.500 32% 31 32%
Wiscon Central 300 20% 19% 20%
Wiscon Cen pfd... 200 40% 40%, .41%
Express Companles-:-
Adaros .'.... 185
American 225
United States...... 200 114 114 114 .
Wells Fargo 190
Miscellaneous—
Ainal Copper/..... 21,600 70U. 68% 69U,
Amcr Car * F 100 25% '28% 28%
Amer Car tc TT pfd 300 87% S7H 87%-
Amer Unwed Oil.. : 200 22 21% 22
Amer n Oil prd ... 100 49 49 48
Amer Smelt & R.. .100 46?; 45% 46
Amer Loco... 100 31 K .11 31 -
Amer r^oco pfd.... 100 f»2% 92% P2%
Amer S & R pfd.. 2O0 07% 97% 97%
Anaconda MIn Co.. 600 .33 S2H 32%
I Brooklyn R Tran.. 5,000 «2 • «1*4 «1%
Cblo Fuel & Iron. . 800 S6% 84% S6V4
! Consolidated Gas. . 2,fl00 220% 219 220J4
Con Tobacco pfd.. 100 116%. 116% J16 .
General Electric... 200 2S9 V288 . 289»4
Glucose Sugar ¦. C. 43%
Hocking Coal .. 400 17 16%
InternalionaJ Pa p*r 20
Internal Paper pfd. JO0 76% 75% 75%
Internat Power ..... .:.*.. S6 : .
Laclede Gas . ; . . . 85
National Blecult .. 400 47% 47 '/•-. 47%
NaUonal Lead.... 300 17% 17% 17%
National Salt ...:.• 23
Nat salt pfd :. nx .-
Xortli- American... ' .100 91% 91H 02-
Pacific Coast 72%
Pacific Mail ...... 500 49 . 45% 46%
People's Gs»i SOO WTi. 99%" 0951
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 S9 .19 .19%
Pressed IS Car pfd. "..... :.... 82,
Pullman P Car 300 220 220 ?; 218 ;
change market corroborated the expectation,
that more gold will be exported next week.
Bonds were rather dull and Irregular. Total
tales, par value, ?2.3S5,000. • ¦ r
The announced determination of the authori
ties at Washington to take legal steps against
the Northern Securities Company on the ground
that it was formed in violation of the Sher
man anti-trust law of 1890 upset the stock
market on Thursday and superseded every
other consideration. Previous to that time
there had been a dull and spotty market.' with
Individual stocks advancing sharply and the
general undertone firm. Tnie was due to the
disinclination of holders to sell as much as
to any marked demand for stockE. How far
the new turn of affairs in Northern Securities
may ultimately affect the market is difficult
to foresee. Those whose substantial Interests
are most at etake were large buyers of stocks
. tn the flurry of Thursday, while the sellers
were almost wholly the speculators on mar
gin, some of them of important character. It
Is invariably the rule, however, that substan
tial Interests came- to the support of values of
properties in which they are interested in time
of crises, without any purpose of obtaining
stocks for permanent holding. The same thing
was seen at the time of President McKInley's
assassination and in last May'e panic. The
assumption among speculators in Wall street
that the establishment of the status of the
Northern Securities Company would remove all
the repressive influences on speculation and
restore conditions to the state that was Inter
rupted by the Northern Pacific quarrel, takes
no account of the fact that values were in
flated by overspeculatlon last May and that
the events that the then speculation was in
tended to discount have since come to pass,
or have been demonstrated to be Idle rumors
and canards. Not much thought has been
given as to how far the actual condition of
property values would be affected by the over
throw of the Northern Securities Company. It
is not clear that the actual changes and divi
sion of control which were effected by the
Northern Pacific contest would be altered by
dissolving- the company. . .
j ' Cash quotations ' were -as follows : : Flour,
dull; winter patents. $3 80@4; straights, $3 40
@3 70; clear?. S3 S3 40; spring specials, $4 20;
patents, $3 20@3 70: straights, $2 90@3 20; No.
3 spring wheat, 75ig>75%c; No. 2 red, 82@84%c:
No. 2 oats, 43?i®>44%c; No. 2 white, 44V,@
44%c; No. 3 white. 44%@44?ic: No. 2 rye,
U0@61c; fair to choice malting barley, 60@63c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 66; • No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 71@1 71%; prime timothy seed, $6 40; mess
pork, per barrel. $15 60® 15 55; lard, per 100
pounds, $9 2009 22%; short-rib sides (loose),
SS 30@8 45: dry salted shoulders (boxed),
97 12%@7 25: short clear sides (boxed), $S 70
08 80; whisky, basis of high wines, $128;
clover, contract grade, 59 25.
' All descriptions remain as previously quoted,
as the demand and supply about balance at the
moment. •¦
DRESSED MEATS.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%@7c for Steers and 8S6%e per lb
for Cows.
VEAIi — Large. 7®Sc; small. 8©9c per IS.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%g0c; Ewes, 7c per
pound.
LAMB — Yearlings, 9310c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 12%o per lb.
• PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good seur.d
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage: .
CATTLE — Steers, S%@9c; Cows and Heifer?
6%@7%c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. .
CALVES— -*%@6^ic per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP — Wethers, 4®-t%c; Ewes. 3<<>#-tc p#r
lb (gross weight). .
LAMBS— Sucking Lambs, $2 60@3 per head,
or 3%@6q per lb. live weight; yearlings, 4%f*
5c per lb. .
HOGS — Llv» Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6-3
6%c; 200 lbs and over. 5%®5Iic; feederi. 6Vic:
sows. 20 per cent off; boars. . 30 per cent o«
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The Hide trade are reporting a quiet and
unchanged market in their lino. A small lot
of the new spring clip of "Wool has been re
ceived here.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1%q under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 8%o for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 0%c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c: Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 14c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool. 4O@6Oc each; medium, 65@75c: lone
Wool, 80c@*l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. 12 73
©3 for large and $2 50 for medium; $1 75®2 lor
small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, fl 7a
for large, . $1 25®1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer
or red. skins, 35c; fall or medium skins SOc*
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium
35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb:
No. 2. 4%#5c; grease, 2%@3c. •
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin, 6@3c; San Joa
quln Lambs'. 7%@3%c; Middle County .S'/jlOc
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15(315i4c; do
fall. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 10@llc- for fair and ll%@12c per it>
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 133
17%c for shipment. ;
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
-NEW TORK, Feb. 21.— Money on "call was
steady at 2%(5;4 per cent: bid and: asked, 2%@4
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per
cent* ; Sterling, exchange was strong/' with.act
ual business' in bankers' bills at $4 87%r$4> SI?:
for demand and at $4 84%@4 85 for sixty days.
Posted rates,$4 86@4 83%. Commercial bills,
$4 84Vi@4 85%. Bar silver,- 55c. 1 Mexican dol
lars, 43«ic. •• . . • ....<-:/- -¦.;./ , ; -v'
Bonds — Governments, strong'; •' States, -. Inact
ive; railroads, irregular. ( : - ¦¦ -;•'¦• v
Nezv York Money [Market.
' Stocks were steadier to-day. ¦ except Ameri
cans. • which opened weak, . rallied on' support
by ' the j Morgan interests, see-sawed; after New
York's opening and finally, closed midway be
tween • the best and the worst. Traders here
are surprised that •" Attorney •General > Knox's
action failed to precipitate a bigger fall, ¦ but
the' suggestion is made ¦ that the , big break la
only deferred, as public; confidence isr shat
tered. Rio Tintos sold at 45%' and copper was
steadj'i ¦ -.. • • ' . ." ¦"'¦ t*V* ¦ ¦ ' •¦'-.'¦
NEW YORK,;. Feb. 21.— The Commercial,Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says': ;¦' .'
London. Market.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 9%c; thre«
half-barrels, 8%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tiercea.
9%c; five tierces, 9«4c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%®llo for pure; half barrels.
pure, llfcc: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 8-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins, 12c. '¦¦ ,-¦
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14%o for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%Q13c; Califor
nia Hams, 11%@12%c; Mesa Beef. $9 50@10 per
barrel; extra Mess, $10 50@U; Family. Ill 30<j?
12; prima Mesa Pork, $15; extra clear. $22 CO©
23; Mess. $1S 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14o
per lb.
Cottolsne Is %c lower. Other descriptions
are unchanged. The demand is clack. The-
Chicago market was firmer again yesterday.
Provisions,
Wall street shares show some reaction.
Sterling Exchange a shade higher. Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures still loiver. Cash Barley quieter.: -»
Nothing doing in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Bran, Middlings and Mixed Feed lower.
Hay steady, in spite of the continued rains.
Butter and Eggs continue in slender stock. Cheese steady.
Dried Fruits firmly held at previous prices.
Hides quiet. New spring clip of Wool appeared.
Meat market quiet and featureless.
Cottolene 1-4C lower. Lard unchanged.
Provision market still neglected.
House Coals firm and steam Coals weak.
Potatoes now in large supply and easy. Onions ditto;
Poultry in lighter demand and easy.
All kinds of Fresh Fruit quiet. Oranges dull.
Weekly Bank Clearings show a gain of $3,000,000 over last year.
To-dav j holiday
Bar ellver. dull. 25%d per ounce. Money,
2%@S per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per c«nt.
Republic Steel 1,000 16Vi 16 1<"""4
Republic Steel pfd. 1,800 70%.. 69% 09%
T^nnV-.-V;-""- M.'8OO ¦" 129* 128H 129%
Tenn Coal & I 9,900 68 !i 66«i 67%
iT n o n r r, & p Co-- 200 16% 1«% 1«%
U B &.P Co pfd.. 200 80 80 75
tiIt ti her w in; ins n%
T- f o u u, ber ' • 5 ' 500 16 ?i 15^ 16 **
Ji| S^el.. 14,900 44 43V* 43%
L»b Steel pfd 28,200 04*4 *»8% 84%
western -Union i 400 90% 90*i 90
Totar sales. ....... .573,200 Shares
' , CLOSiS'G BONDS, j
U S refunding 2«, |L & Nash uni 4s. 101%
registered ...1C9 I Mex Cent 4s -82%
00 coup 10a do 1st inc. .... 20%
do 3s reg .. l(«ij Minn & St. If 4s.. 105
<Jo «""P lOiTiiM K & T 4s..... 09%
¦ do new 4s reg. .139% do 2ds ..82%
. <J<> coup lo9Vi N YCent lsts...lO:{%
do old 4s reg...H2J*l do gen 3%s.. ..108.
do coup -U2U N J Cent gen 5s. .130^
do 5s reg lOSVi North Pac 4s 105%
do coup 106% do 3s 74%'
Atchison gen 4s..lO»v 4 Norf & W con 4«.103M
r> 1? ?HJ,* 931^ Rpa <*«""S Re" 4s.. 99$
Bait & Ohio 4s...l(Xv\ISt L & I M c 5s. 117%
da 3%s ... »6%'St L & S F 4s... 08 .'
Can South 2ds. ..U0«v*St L SW lsts.... 08%
Cent of Ga r.s.....m | do 2ds ...... :.'79$i
nu° V^l" 0 73^ B A & Ar Pass 4s. 92
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 110 South Pac 4s.... 94%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84*4 South Ry 5s 120H
9. 5 £ 9 neW 4S - ° 6 TeX & P » e lSt». .120%:
C M & St P g 49.113% Tol StL&W 4s. 85
C & Is W con 7s. 189% Cnton Pac 4s. .. .105%
C R I & Pae 4s. .111 do conv 4s.... .106$
CCC&StL«4s.l(W% Wabash Iste 11S%.-
CM Terra 4s 80. do. 2ds .,.«.... lll£
Colp & South 4s.. 04u do deb B ...;. 72%
D & R G 4e.....l025» West Shore 4s;. ..112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 Wheel & L E 4s; . 93%'
do gen 4» SS Wis Cent 4e.. .;. 89%
Ft W & D C lsts.112% Con Tob 4s ...... 65$
Hock Val 4%s...l(W% .. . .
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ...:. 12
Alice 43 Ontario 7 00
Breece 60 Opnir 1 00
Brunswick Con .. f» Phoenix- 04
Comstock Tunel.. «6 Potosl - . . . • 11
Con Cal & Va .1 2S Savage ..:.. 07
Deadwood Terra. . 50 Sierra Nevada. .... 12
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes .... 30
Iron Silver 64 Standard 3 20
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ' *
_ Money— do prefd 94
Call loans S&4 Westlngh Commn. 86'
Time loans .....4@4% Mining-
Bonds— Adventure ... 21%
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez 3%
Gas lsts S5 Amalgamated ... 0»2
Mex Cent 4s Sl% Baltic 41%
N E G & Coke... 5S Bingham ........ 22%
"¦ Railroads— : Calumet & Hecla.625
Atchison 75*6 Centennial ....... 15%
do prefd »6% Copper Range ... 61%
Boston & Albany. 263 Dom Coal 84%
Boston & Maine. .193 Franklin ......... H*A
Boston Elevated.. 161% Isle Royale ..... 20V?
N T N H & H...2U • Mohawk "34
Fitchbunr prefd.. 140 Old Dominion ...21%
Union Pac 101% Osceola : ..:. 75
Mex Cent ... 2S Parrot : 3i^t
. Miscellaneous— Qulncy .....'.....140*
Am Sugar 129% Santa Pe Copper. 3V.
do prefd .' 116% Tamarack ". :.235
Am Tel & Tel 157'/» Trimountain ..;.. 93"
Dom Iron & Steel. .WJi Trinity 12
Gen Electric 2S7 United States 17%
Mass Electric ... 36 Utah 23%
do prefd 95% Victoria 5%
N E G & Coke... 5% Winona 1%
tJnited Fruit .... 8SU Wolverine 50%
U S Steel 43% ,
LONDON CI.OSING STOCKS.
Con for money... 94',J M K & T 24%
Con for account.94 8-U- Do pfd 57
Anaconda 6$% S T Central ....166%
Atchieon -.77% Norf & Western. 57%
Do pfd 99 Norf & W pfd.,. 92
B & O 105^4 Ontario & West.. 33%
Canadian Pacific. 117% Southern Ry .... 33%
Chesap & Ohio... 46 Do pfd 97
Chicago G W ... 25 Southern Pacific 60
Chi M & St P...16T»s Unioa Pacific IT.IOOU
Denver & Rio G. 44Ji Do pfd 91
Do pfd ...94 US Steel 44"»i
Erie : 38-4 Do pfd 05U
Do 1st pfd 69% Wabash 24
Do 2d pfd .... 56 Do pfd 44
Illinois Central ..143 Spanish 4s 76
Louis & Nash.. .106»i ;
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, -Feb. '21.— WHEAT- Conditions
were little changed. Foreign news . was "slight
ly bullish and domestic ''¦ the reverse. Closing
up deals started the market a trifle lower, but
so | tame | was speculation that * fluctuations , the.
first ' part of , the session .were hardly notice
able; \ There .was little interest j in the . market
arid'thelpit was almost -without 'feature. The
prevailing sentiment was to sell- for a
moderate -break, but., the experience of » short
sellers in both corn' and wheat for the last few
days held the feeling in check to : some extent.
Eventually the " Southwestern ' markets - began
to turn j weak,; the - corn market was affected
bearlshly and' wheat' turned -the . scale ' and
slipped downward. , When the bearish feeling
was well ¦ manifested in wheat bulls had a
pretty hard time of it supporting the marltet.
May,' which opened a shade higher to *4@U°
lower at 78%c to 78c. haggled for a long
time, then declined to 77%c and closed weak,
%c lower at 77%@77%c. - -
There was more interest to-day in corn.
Bearish news was in the majority and senti
ment was - nearly all on the selling side. ' Corn
fought the declines stubbornly, however, in a
way to puzzle the trade. May closed weak,
%@?ic lower at 60-Jic. >"; .
Oats were dull and uninteresting. May
closed weak. %c down, at 43V&C.
-Provisions had. a good tone, but fluctuations
were very narrow. May pork closed 5c higher,
lard .unchanged, and ribs 2%c up.
-The leading futures ranged as follows: • •¦ .
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
?>w York for the five days ending February 21
reflects a moderate . expansion : in loans and de
posits, with a corresponding decrease in surplus
reserves. The loan item increased only $4,752,
900., This, coming after several weeks of enor
mous inflation, indicates what appears to be a
culmination of ' the /heavy borrowing at this
center, although as a matter of fact the banks
are not in a position I to extend their commit
ments much further ' Jn this direction. Total
loans are now nearly . $!W", 000,000, ;,. a ' figure
never ¦ before .- reached ' in the- history • or the
Clearing-house. . Deposits, which "rose $4,195,
200 during the week, are al3o at a maximum
figure of $1,019,474,200. v This deposit-total calls
for a legal cash reserve of $254,86S,650, and fts
the total cash reported by the banks Is $267.
325,200, the excess is $12,456,650, or $1,104,200
less than a week ago. One year ago. when the
totals ot the banks were approaching the high
est mark known at that time, the surplus.re
serve was nearly the. same as. now, yet it de
clined over the spring months, despite the fact
that: deposits were reduced heavily. The' fea
ture of the current week was the reversal of
the movement, local banks reporting
a loss instead, of a gain, as had been the case
for some time. The money went for the most
part to near-by I cities, probably to - strengthen
the position of the banks receiving it. pending
the official call of the Comptroller, for state
ments." Another feature of interest at this
.time Is the ruling strong prices for exchange,
indicating a'movement of gold from New York
early next week. ., It wiir.be.- conceded that,
with average reserves of about 1 per cent above
the legal minimum," with deposits at their'maxi
mum and with probable demands upon the cash
now in hand, the banks are not. likely, to rollow
a policy which will still further , encroach on
their present surplus holdings of cash.' > -
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL; -SA^TURp^Y,- FEBRtJ^RY, 22; 1902;
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
New, York Grain and Produce.
' All classes of stocks were dill on thn movn
ing sessions and the ¦ market showed no fluctu
ltlon worthy of-: note. •
' In tho afternoon Sprinc Volley Water ran
lown from $Sfi 75 '.io $¦$»!. and Market-street
II. R..,from ?S9 to $8S, . recovering to $38 37 "j.
rherewero no other variations.
¦ To-da.y . j being a ¦ legal holiday there wiU ; be
so Sessions . of; the exchanges.
. The assessment 1 of- 10c on Nevada County Oil
falls delinquent March 14. ,
Continued on Page Thirteen.
: Articles — J Open. High. Low. Close.
; Wheat No. 2— .
rfay 78J4 78*$ 77% 77%
ruly ;.. 78% 78% 78 78
September ...:.; 77% 77ft 77U 77%
¦ Corn No. 2—
day?.; 61% . 61% 60% 60%
r uly ¦¦.;.........' 61%' 61% 60% 60%
September 60 60 , 59% «59%
Oats No. 2—
Jay.... ../ 43% 43% 43% 43%
luly, .'..........¦• 86% 36% 88% 38%
..... 31% ' 31% 31% , 31%
Mess' Pork, per barrel —
4ay 15 67% 15 75 15 67% 15 72Vi
ruly; .15 87% 15 80 15 82% 15 87%'
Lard, per 100 pounds — - .
rfay 9 40 9 45 9 40 9 40
fuly- 9 50 9 65 9 50 9 62%
-Short Ribs/ per 100 pounds —
Hay... ..845 8 50 8 45 . 8 47%
ruly............ 8 55 § 60 8 65 8 57%
Jeptember ..... 8 65 8 70 f 8 65 8 67%
» g 2 C »t
% $Z *s S^ •<* V'3
3 2 2. 2- i!| ?S 2
-f ¦||l|-£=:.|o - ?
5 S3 3* : r ¦ • . ¦ £
: £ ? * "* • ' a
* * • • , '.
Ae'cri* 28.76 6« 42 NE Clear .00
B*ker 29 .M 4S 30 SE Cloudy .00
c *rs"n 29. 6« 52 32 SE Clondv .00
E^J-eka 29.62 60 46 w Cloudy .04
m Ti-*Mao 46
Fla^taff 29.84 4S 26 6W Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.92 52 32 SE Cloudv .00
Independence .29.82 58 35 S Cloudy .00
Los An$elet..23.8ti 64 48 SW Cloudy T
Phoenix 29. »4 fe« 40 SE Cloudy .00
Portland 29.T6 58 40 XE Clear CO
R*<J Bluff ...29.72 54 50 SE Rain
Roseburr 2».€8 52 42 6W Cloudy T.
Sacramento ..29.66 5G 46 SE Rain .60
Bait Lake ...29.90 54 22 W Cloudy Oft
Ban Francl«co.29.e8 58 50 SE Rain 1 OS
8. L. Obl«po.. 29.78 62 44 W Rain .40
S«n Die?o ...29.86 €2 50 SW Clear .00
Seattle 2».»0 64 38 IC Clear .09
Epokan* 30.00 4S SS NTiT Clear C2
N'eah Bay ...29.8« 48 38 E Clear 12
"Walla Walla.29.efl W 3! K " Clear .02
Wlnnemucca .29.74 82 32 If Cloudy .00
tumM. 29. S8 74 44 SW Pt Cldy .00
•TVlreB down. "
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 62.
» g 2 C »t
% $Z *s S^ •<* V'3
3 2 2. 2- i!| ?S 2
-f ¦||l|-£=:.|o - ?
5 S3 3* : r ¦ • . ¦ £
: £ ? * "* • ' a
* * • • , '.
Ae'cri* 28.76 6« 42 NE Clear .00
B*ker 29 .M 4S 30 SE Cloudy .00
c *rs"n 29. 6« 52 32 SE Clondv .00
E^J-eka 29.62 60 46 w Cloudy .04
m Ti-*Mao 46
Fla^taff 29.84 4S 26 6W Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.92 52 32 SE Cloudv .00
Independence .29.82 58 35 S Cloudy .00
Los An$elet..23.8ti 64 48 SW Cloudy T
Phoenix 29. »4 fe« 40 SE Cloudy .00
Portland 29.T6 58 40 XE Clear CO
R*<J Bluff ...29.72 54 50 SE Rain
Roseburr 2».€8 52 42 6W Cloudy T.
Sacramento ..29.66 5G 46 SE Rain .60
Bait Lake ...29.90 54 22 W Cloudy Oft
Ban Francl«co.29.e8 58 50 SE Rain 1 OS
8. L. Obl«po.. 29.78 62 44 W Rain .40
S«n Die?o ...29.86 €2 50 SW Clear .00
Seattle 2».»0 64 38 IC Clear .09
Epokan* 30.00 4S SS NTiT Clear C2
N'eah Bay ...29.8« 48 38 E Clear 12
"Walla Walla.29.efl W 3! K " Clear .02
Wlnnemucca .29.74 82 32 If Cloudy .00
tumM. 29. S8 74 44 SW Pt Cldy .00
•TVlreB down. "
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 62.
: Articles — J Open. High. Low. Close.
; Wheat No. 2— .
rfay 78J4 78*$ 77% 77%
ruly ;.. 78% 78% 78 78
September ...:.; 77% 77ft 77U 77%
¦ Corn No. 2—
day?.; 61% . 61% 60% 60%
r uly ¦¦.;.........' 61%' 61% 60% 60%
September 60 60 , 59% «59%
Oats No. 2—
Jay.... ../ 43% 43% 43% 43%
luly, .'..........¦• 86% 36% 88% 38%
..... 31% ' 31% 31% , 31%
Mess' Pork, per barrel —
4ay 15 67% 15 75 15 67% 15 72Vi
ruly; .15 87% 15 80 15 82% 15 87%'
Lard, per 100 pounds — - .
rfay 9 40 9 45 9 40 9 40
fuly- 9 50 9 65 9 50 9 62%
-Short Ribs/ per 100 pounds —
Hay... ..845 8 50 8 45 . 8 47%
ruly............ 8 55 § 60 8 65 8 57%
Jeptember ..... 8 65 8 70 f 8 65 8 67%
AUCTION SALES
THE GREATEST AUCTION
SALE OF THE SEASON.
v 150 head of . th'e 'finest work, carriage and
saddle horses ever offered for sale in San Fran-
cisco. Second consignment for D. Miller. Mo-
doc Cotinty. All have been driven.. Ages from
5 to 8; weights from 105O to 1550 lbs; solid
colors. Many perfectly matched bay and black
teams among, them. Every horse guaranteed
as represented. These will bear the closest In-
spection. They will be at this salesyard Sat-
urday, February 22. Come and see them. Sals<
takes place- " * . - ¦— > •
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1902.
Commencing at 10:00 a. m. sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HOfiSE EXCHANOE,
721-723 Howard st.. near Third. San Francisco.
WILLIAM G. LAYXG. Live Stock Auctioneer."THE; : : SAy;; : FRANcisC^ 22, 1902.
12
SAX FP.ASCISCO CALL.
PCMNEFS OFFICE cf Th? San Francisco
Cell, corner of Mm ket and Third streets; open
tntll 12 o'clock every ciglu in -the year.
Pn.tXCH OFFICES— M7 Montgomery street.
WJ2JT Clay; or en until «:30 p. m.
•Oi Heyes ureet: oj>en vntil i*:30 p. m.
*T3 McAllister t-trect; cpen until »:30 p. ra.
••55 Larkin street; open until J»:30 p. m. -.'
"JM1 Mission *i.reet; cpen uatll 10 n. m.
~<il Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
urtil fl p. m.
i£j street: open until 9 p. rn.
.me, Valencia street: cren until 9 p. m.
northwest cr.rner Twenty-«*cond and Ken-
t "oLT F * r/> * ti! ' "P^n vr-.itt n p. m.
MEETISG NOTICES.
:-MCKLSiOJt !>esre« Lodge No. ••>**&«&,
-. 2. O. O. F.— regular nieeting
THIF 'SATURDAY) EVENING.
TT1I. E. CURTIS. D. M.
KrtANCO-AiltSRICAINE I»dge v < ¦•¦*«^i.'
No. 207. I. O. O. F..— Officers and
members ere resnectiul!:.- re-
ouested to attend the funeral of ''"" '
our late brother. Past Grand A. GILBERT,
from Odd Fellows" Hall. SUNDAY, Feb. 23,
:OU2. at 12:."0 1-. r.u
J. ¦ MERRIENE, N. G.
L. LEON AURADOU, Fee. '¦: - -vO
ASSOCIATED Veterans of the Mexiran At,//.
War— Special meetin? of V.tc associa- ?ei&S
tion st ha!! on SATURDAY. Febru- *£->%.
aiy 2^, st 6:->0 r. m.
AV. C. BENNETT. President.
V.'M. L. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE rublic is recuested to take notice that
the barber-shcus viu ¦ close on Washington's
birthday at 12 nncn. SATURDAY, Feb. 22.
By order of the Barbers' Protective Union.
ROBT. OPPENHE1M.
THE California Debris Commission having re*-
ceived an application to mine by the hydraulic
process from C. L. Canfleld, in the Blue Tent
Company Mine, near Nevada Citj\ Nevada
Co., to deposit tailings In a ravine . below
the mine, gives notice that a meetine Will
be held at room 59. Flood bufldinc:. San
Francisco. Cal.. on March 10, .1902, at 1:30
p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received an application to mine by the hy-
draulic process from R. A. Pemberton. in
the- Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo, Shasta
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building, San Frandsco, Cal
on March 3. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— Hakalau Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany. 327 Market st.. in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 5th day of March 1902,
at the hour of 11 d' clock a, m.. for the pur-
pofe of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of tuch other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close, on
Friday. February 21. 1902, at 3 o'clock
P. m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting Pa&uhau Eusar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of ths
stockholders of the Paauhau Ecgar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office cf
the company. 327 Market et., in the city
and county cf San Frcndeeo. State of Cali-
fornia, en SATURDAY. th« 1st day of
March. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business ac
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, February 18,
1902. at 3 o'clock p. ra.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will b« held at the office of the
company. 327 Market et., in the cJty and
county cf San Francisco, Etate of Califor-
nia, on "WEDNESDAY, the 26th day of
February. 3502, at the hour of 11 o'clock
s- m., for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year.
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Tracsfer books will cloee on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 15, 1002, at 12 o'clock m.
' H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kll-
aoea. Surer Plantation Company will be held
at the office of the company, 327 Market et..
!n the dty and county of San- Franclico,
State cf California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
, year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting-.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Febru-
ary 14. 1902. it3 o'clock p. m.
H. "W. THOMAS. Secretary.
APOPTTOX. '
A 2-MONTHS brunette boy; a 8-months blue-
eyed boy. and & boy and a girt Infant 8 days
nia TrMTT.T-pi vrvrtrvi iji« tt-.-v.v. _I
jir l "'V' :t * < ! *"M \VCK« fortinnpil,':
¦ JOSEPH STRAUD. ' - . ' . . "•-•¦_ • .
SDO Market st-* ccr. Stockton.
Telephone Grant- 177.
Real Estate Asent.
Property Boucht and -So!d.
Kents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
I.fCitimate Business
. - Agent-
THE salmon cannery business is ; the _ most
profitable business in the world. "If you do
- net lenow this to' be a fact call ucon 1 our
{¦gent in your city and let him tell you about
it. The Interetats Fisheries Comnany of
. Seattle. Wash., incorporated under -the laws
cf that Stats, making its stock fully paid
\ and absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount oC its ttock to. you at 15 cents per
fhare and cay positively to you that The next
block goes at 25 cents. Look into it at once
INTEP.STATE FISHERIES COMPANY, 302-
303 Pacific block. Seattle. Wash., or branch
office. ERWIN & CO., 1104 Market si., room
3, Pan Francisco, Cal.
GENTLEMAN with small ""capital, speaking
• English, German. French and Spani&ii; thor-
ough bookkeeper: extensive European and
South American experience: desires employ-
ment or partnership. Address box 4O33.;Call.
OUR "Ccinpoundlng System" of turf ppecula-
ticii is the' safest' and most profitable ever
j dcvis»d: average monthly profits over 80 per
i ornt; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcapperg. 113 Stockton st.
AN established self-running business 10 years'
Madeline : handsome revenue; must be* sold;
.principals dealt with only. Box 4017, Call. ¦ ;
ANY one wanting to buy oyster and chophouse
or shooting gallery call and see me; too much
work for me. 523 Pacific st.
IF you want, to buy or sell a business of any
kind call at 135. Sth St.. LOWE. & DARLING.
FOR >ale— $65; a cigar stand at 140 Third Bt.
FOR sale — Restaurant in the Mission; estab-
llehed 15 years. Box SS20. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A Any House Sold on Payments....... A
20 rooms; clears $125; payments ...$1000
25 rooms; clears $140; only... 1350
16 rooms; Eddy st. : reduced to 900
5 rooms; fiat; bargain -. 2C0
22 rooms; 3d st.; clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms: Jones st. corner; only 275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300
G8 rooms; corner; clears $400. - 3500
' J7 rooms: clears $<5; only .'. . . 250
19 rooms; rent $40: clears $60..; 450
13 rooms: very srood; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. : phone John 531.
906 Market St., cor. Ellis, room 12.
WINSTON & WOLF .-
1026 Market St.. 1026 Market st.
Galley Entrance.) ¦
20 rooms, rent $60; must sell $1100
20 rooms, rent $65: good location 050
26 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter st 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good 1400
• 40 rooms, rent $75; see this 1700
We Have Many More Such Bargains.
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO.. ' '
S93 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
Following only a few of our bargains:
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $SK>; >l
location; on Market st.; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern building; must sell.
22 rooms; Howard; rent $52 60; only $300.
Money loaned at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
J £? rket " 8t (Il " :) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO., : "^~"~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton 'st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell,. Hit with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses.
flats; all sizes and prices; jn all parts of city.
•A. — _,>...'„ Neat the Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3
MARION. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. rms 1-2*
MONET TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
Buyers for lodging-houses: call and see our
large list, from $300 to $6000; fair and hon-
est trade; sellers list your houses with us
for quick sale.
A — NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and price*, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
f475 — NEWLY furnished fiat; 7 "rooms and
bath; must sell mis week. 439 Parrott
building. M. Tb'RMAN & CO. S
FOR SALE — I«odging-hous»: 8 large sunny
front rooms; very desirable home. 1100 Van
Ness ave., corner Geary.,
17- ROOM house, full of men, $175 if cold be-
fore the 26th. 28V. Clav rt.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC/ 800 Market.' cnr.
4tb. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain--
,-lessly: teeth without plates cur specialty :«cld.-
¦ crowns. $3^0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours 0 a. m. to !> p.' m.'; Sundays.'
0 to 2. J. -W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.-
A NEW plate— The Whalebone-^annot break;"
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50:fi!llngs,50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-,
"ranted. . Chicapo Dental Parlors. 2 1. Sixth st.
MEYER 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st. ;
•crown and bridge work; gas specialist. ¦"..; ,
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50o.^
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 ' Geary -.. st. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET • of teeth - without plate. DR. - H. G.
YOUNG.- 1S41 Polk st. j
DP-R.L.WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain- 1
less ext.: BOc: plates $•" up: phone Polk 1135.'
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &' Millinery School —
. Class-rates: patterns: cut. 1019 Market st. ;
FRENTH accordeon and knif« pleating."' .WM.'
PTLGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor Moffatt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog 5oan hv druesrists
or at tho Ho^nltal. S10 nnld°n f?nt»:«tve..'^''
EDUCATIONAL. \
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRIC AiTeNGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
. tion. laboratory and shop work: , thoroughly
practical; day and night. ¦ 24 Post st.,.S. F. ;
catalogue f ree. -^ .
ATRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish,- etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.'— Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. ¦¦> ':-%.';¦.. .-k~}:
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.;
' S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
j all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
I engineering; day and night; catalogue free. •-'
j A— The LYCEUM, an accredited '. preparatory
j' school, for the university, law and medical
! colleges: references, 'President Jordan or any
j Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
1 vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
j following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
I ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School"
j . associated with theatrical agency securing po-
| sitlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. g
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers . in account'g; figures,
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; eBt. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
ntodern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Eons' Hall 414 Mason st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. , 39 Fifth st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, -successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc ; day or eve. : $5 mo/ 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT.; 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN. 1 mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $8 mo.
1 LLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. - 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Posfst.. S. F.;
founded '1S63: new SO- Dare catalogue free.
j| EMPLOYaiEKT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, . cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1897. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese .Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
"JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
•JAPANESE, best domestic, fanning and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
.->jj^jS^_ FLATS TO liET. . .
FIjAT . for, sale and : to" rent— Snap; ' modern." tile
¦ entrance, upper . new flat, 8 rooms, completely
¦; furnished : only feiv. months ago and all ready
, to step into March' 1;^located near Van^ Ness,
s on sunny side." r. with beautiful view: easy
1 payments if desired." Ask for< C."> D. PARISH.
At Sjerllng, Furniture Co.. 1039. Market st.
NICE lower flat ¦ with ail new. " improvements
at 21 Stanley: place, between • First andSsc-
¦ ond sts., off i Harrison. Call within or at
No. 17. -.-, , ¦ : > _.:,:. V :
FLAT.'K rooms; -all modern improvements. 918
Eddy-st.. between Franklin and Gough.
GOUGH. 1205; near: O'Farrell— Upper flat of 8
rooms and bath; fine porch.;. :/¦'¦'¦¦' '
flats to let— furnished.
HANDSOMELY, furnished modern, five-room
V flat for salecheap. 647 Ellis st. ' '.
FURNITURE : FOR J SAI/B.^ : j_
4 ROOMS f urn7shea r Tn~oak~^48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6-room flat, $450; $200
cash. .156 Eddy st.. ¦.---'-- '-.-¦
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. ; 773 : Mission St., pays highest
..price for. second-hand furniture: tel., Red 1354.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
_ HELP WANTBDr— FEMALE. ¦¦: v-r
A— 5 WAITRESSES, first-class hotel, short dis-
¦ tance, no more than 10 people to wait on, $28.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.: v ¦ .
A— 2 WAITRESSES, Arlaona, tfree fare, no
uniform .'.. ...... .$25
Waitress, nice hotel, country. .$20
Other places for waitresses too numerous to
, - mention .$20-$25
Chambermaid, Santa Barbara, fare ad-
vanced, half paid. '.' $20
: 3 chambermaids, city ..$15-$18
Cook, summer .resort.........'. .¦..•¦.¦..-• .$40
......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....... . :
Cook, small American family, , Santa * Bar-
bara, $30. fare paid, see party here 10:30;
houseglrl, Oakland, see party here, $30; cook,
State of Nevada, see party here, $25; woman
: . with a child not over 3 years, country,. $15;
¦"- otherB. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,' 1(H Geary.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1675
' .:.. : HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..'..:....
10 more waitresses. Southern California, full
fare advanced ; 3 waitresses, new hotel, $25,
room out; e other waitresses, ' best city hotels,
$20; 4 .waitresses, country, $25; 3 ' chamber-
' maids to wait. ?20; chambermaid, rooming-
house, $20: chambermaid, first-class rooming-
house, $7 week. . . •
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . : .
. Cook and second girl. Belvedere, $55; cook
. and second, city. $55; 0 houseglrls, • $25 and'
$30; many others. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
WOMAN to work 4 or 5 days a week, light
work, $1 50 day. • •
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...... 335 Geary sL
TWO neat young ladies of medium size as
salesladies, ' candy store, $7 week to begin.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaid. $18; 8 cooks, little
wash, American -families," $80; --maid -and
seamstress, .S25- 4 second girls, $20-525;
nurseglrl. ¦ $20; 2 ¦ waitresses, $8; waitresses,'
hotels, $20 and $26; 4 hotel waitresses to go
south, $20; mother and daughter, cook, second
girl, $85; also a large number of girls for
places too numerous to advertise. Apply, to
. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 884 Butter st.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st. : no experience
necessary; good pay; 'steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. . :.
WANTED — Immediately 3 ambitious girls to
learn hairdressing; from A to. Z in 2 -n-eeka
and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per month; course $5. Col-
lege. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15. :
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl: cook and
general housework; no washing; about 30 to
H5 years of age. Apply 233 Third ave., Rich-
mond: district; Sutter or Geary st. cars.
A FEW young girls to sew on buttons; paid by
the. week: BAUER BROS. -CO., 21 Sansome.-:
BR1GHT girl to check, work in our factory.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st. '--¦.. .-.
WANTED— Young German speaking child's
nurse in. San Rafael. Address - P. O. , box
2654. city. ¦.'¦."¦ ¦; : ¦
FIRST-CLASS laundress, 3 days a week; good
references required. Call 1008 Halght St., In
-evening after 7 o'clock.
WOMAN or. girl to assist' In housework; sleep
.borne.. .Apply .1721^ Sacramento st. -.....¦..'
1 ._.
MAN end wife, private, family,, $50; janitor.
$80; driver -.for; milk »wagon, - $50 to $55 and
•room; Portuguese milker, $30 and found;-2
.¦¦woodchoppcrs, .$1" 25 cord; 2 blacksmiths; $45
: ;and found and $2 50 day: young stonecutter;
pruners, $1 * day : and found, and' others. J.
¦¦' F." CROSETT & CO.,' V2H • Sacramento st.
BUTLER," $50 and found; piano "•' slayer for
• ' : country, ?1 50 day and found.', fare paid;
-'barkeeper. $40 and board; restaurant porter.
$25; cooks and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C28 - Sacramento St. ¦ ' '
BARBERS-^ All barber shops must close at
noon ; Saturday, ~ February 22, Washington's
as 'it is a legal holiday;: all Jour-
neymen barbers-violating . this rule will be
fined $25. By order of Local No. 14S.
GEORGE . BARRETT, President.
I JOS. BLEILY, Secretary. .,
WANTED — Steady, reliable man as; partner in
No. -I cash business; easy ¦ hours ; clears $100
month; small capital required. ¦ Box 3832,
: Call office. ' ' l.'itiijj.lillHIwltllaO'lHt'i
TRUSTWORTHY person each county: to naan-
" age businesi* , oKVestahllahed house: bona-fide
: weekly cash salary $18 rjaid each Wednesday
'¦' with all expenses from headquarters; money
. advanced for expenses. Manager, 339 Caxton
building, -Chicago. .-. '.-
WANTED^Hustler; temporary, position; no
¦'.; canvassing;, good pay. Address Globe, 723
Chestnut st., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $75 cawh
¦_ -for cigar stand; $10 week; no - experience.
¦ -BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st., upstairs.
WANTED— Steady . man \with '. $125 • cash; per-
manent place; light work; .will. pay $65 per
month. Apply 1016 Market St., room 10. >
EASY chance to make money; bsst proposition
on the market: $2 to 910 easily. earned daily;
- Investigate. 903 Market st., room 1. ..-'-•
TOBACCO stripper and booker wanted. 257
Fourth st. *
WANTED— Experienced silk- and dress goods
salesman.' Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
: HALE BROS.' . ' -
.WANTED — Experienced j domestic salesman.
, Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE-
BROS.' ¦¦• •
WANTED — First-class man In Oakland to pre-
sent, a business proposition to business peo-
ple with money; no books, oil ' stock or in-
' surance, - but a sound proposition that is a
money-maker; extraordinary opportunity for
rustlers. Address box 3644, Call office.. Oak;
land. • • •"..-' " .'
WANTED — Recruits for the -marine corps, U.
¦ 8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and S5: not
. lees than T> feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
/inch; -able to speak and read English. For
' further ¦ information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. ' -
WANTED — Young . man of good address, who
has had experience as floorwalker; state age.
experience and salary' expected. . Box 3836,
Call office. r >.*.¦: — ; , -. : . ..
WANTED— Competent bookkeeper to go to
Seattle; salary $50 to begin with; give ref-
' erences : ' bonds required. Address J. S. K. ,
box 4027. Call. : - .
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in demand:
only . requires . 8 weeks ; tools donated ; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay st. •
WANTED— Laborers and .mechanics to know
- that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
, runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
, catalogue mailed free; discount . this month, i
Gordon's Barber College, Lofl Angeles, Cal. ;
WANTED — Young man with $250 cash; tend
cash and assist restaurant: $50 month and
board; no experience. BROWN. 1221 Market..
WANTED— Solicitors for teas and coffees, with
a view to buy in the course of time if satls-
» factory. 203 Fourth st.
WANTED — For country, sash and 'door bench
- hands. Call 575 Mission gt.
BOY wanted for grocery store; with little ex-
pcrleoce. 1740 Eddy-st. *. ¦¦...-
WANTED— Ex-soldiera and sailors at 630 Mar-
ket to file claims for extra pay. O. E. Howe, j
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call i
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market. I
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
-60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
-shoes for sale; 50c up. "241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. - 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomaa Post,.G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting:: 2So
to 50c 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I MIXES AiVX> .MIXING..
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawypr.Exaralner b!g., S.'
. I\ ; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 100J.
MIXING /AXjO r ASSAYING.
FOR~^aia— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Minlns Company, situated in Ne-
vada County? 15 miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claim*. S-stamp quartz mill, ditch
¦ and hoisting works; reasons for selling, nou-
: experience of mining by. owners: mine open
for inspection. Further particulars from A.
MKISTER, Sacramento. Cal.-
ailSCELljANEGUS — FOH SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. JMc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-1J7 Fremont st.
4 HP- MODERN gasoline engine 5133
20* H.*Pj boiler and engine, complete... $300
30 H. P. boiler and engine, complete. ..$350
8 H. P. boiler and engine, complete. ..5150
5 H. P. boiler and engine, complete.. .$125
H S WHITE, 130-132 Beale, formerly of
.5l'C Mission st. . - - '¦ ' -¦¦¦« ; -
A — BUYS; sells or rents sear, machinery, "en-
gines boilers water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
! BAR fixtures: big stock; installments: billiard
J. and pool tatoles; easy terms or rented. Th?
Srunswick-^Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
A— $a 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Poou-
la£ Price Hatters. SiO Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10;. dress pant?. $2 75. MISFIT
j CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
I FOR gale— Tandem bicycle in good condition;
j $20. K. H., box 3831, Call office.
! 4 FRESH cows with' calves ,for sale. J. F.
j PERLI. Angel Island. •
I, GAS engine, 1 horsepower, for sale. Shirt
store. 535 Valencia st.
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c: paperhanglng. palnt-
lng. Merigan; 1302 Webster: tel. Jackson 1321.
YOUNG fresh Durham cow; 18 to 18 quarts
rich milk dally: gentle. 83 Shotwell st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. I,. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montr y .
A CARLOAD of good reliable pianos thatTwU
are, going to offrr at very reasonabl-s prlcea
has just been received: no one can afford to
buy,, a piano elsewhere if th« best p'ano for
tho money is wanted. Wissnar, Decker and
Baumeister pianosiir: alt styles sold on i*a>.
menta if desired. THE- ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 7(2) Market st./ .
ANY pianos sold by us tafc/n back any tlma
i within 2 years and full purchase price al.
! lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you onlv 20c a day to buy a
rJano from us. HOHLER & CHASE. :;.)
O'Fairell St.; established 1S50. ¦
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly hlgh-aprau> new pianos; now for sal-j at an-.-
! reasonable effer to raise money; they must
go; easy pavments: other storage uprights $40
I up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
SMALL- uprisht, $33; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150: square pianos. $."55 up; A. p.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275
* Bowers & Son, 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 831 Market st.
PARTY sacrifices account death in ratnlly.
i. . large new 3-peda! upright piano. 522 E.idy.
j STOCK of pianos turned over to m» to b» nf-
| fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. S Flood big.
BARGAIN great sacrifice; 2 upright*, nearly '
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Mark-t—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargV.Tr* 1
STILI. renting new pianos, S3 per month'. 1 *
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and~new! H."
• MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO 1.KT.
EMMA SPRECKELiS b!dg.. 927 Market «t. ; of-
flces with light, heat and Janitor $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. :
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny gt.; $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st.. room 1.'
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. . Ifll5 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦
GASOLINE engines, all slze9. new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. ;
SAFES — New and second • hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ple-
"' tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAISTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276. Call officw.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A second-hand bar outfit: must be
cheap for cash. Box 3S37. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th Bt. : tel. Jessie 2851. ,
E^l£CN^nJRPHY7^Si3~E^amlneirbuUdlng.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates y....
On first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust.......'.
.....Undivided Interests in real estate...
'..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
....If You Need Money
BEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner blr.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN. CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Vti & 6 per cent in sums to cult;
. City., Oakland, Town -and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
. terests in. real estate and legacies ; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in (robate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
MONEY TO LOAN , I ¦
"*» $1,000,000 at Lowest Rates ....
1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided interest in estates, insurance poll-
. .. ...clef, furniture, or anything else......
PACIFIC LOAN CO.. 6*6 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second and third mortgages, estates in pro^ I
. bate.- interest - in estates, legacies, undivided'
interests.- securities, manufacturing and mer.
OIL.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. in good order: all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PA1STERS AND DCCORATOItS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 O. O. ave. ; tel. Poik 1423.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening* tinting 4on». ¦
Hartman Faint Co.. 31D 2d St.: tel. Red 3321.
Papering room, $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
fonable. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan: tel. Park 1.'..
FAJLWI9TRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome, 1101 Market
st. ; hours from 0 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. O. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Po3t St., corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, icIentlQc palmist. Sl»
Taylor st.. b»t. Geary and Post: trt.'Biark.'Wt.
PKRSOXAI.S.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order, v
$15; with these suits we make aa extra pair »-
of paits free of charge; other suits on install- /
, menta, $1 weekly. L. LKMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CORNS, bunions, callouses and chilblains cured
by Halpruner' ¦ Salve at 25c per box. For
sale by all druggists or send to Halpruner
Medical Manufacturing Co., 23 California st..
San Francisco.
AT Kawman's ticket office. 11 Montgomery St.,
you -will find cbaap rate railroad and steam-
ship tickets to all Eastern and Pacific Coast
ports and Nome. Alaska. T. A. Rlzdon, M;r.
Z WASH and dry your hair In 10 minutes with
warm or cold air, 50c; hair dressed. 25c. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton «L; store open all
day the 22d.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44. Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8 per we«k;
free 'bus and baggaga to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain ©f style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EYAXS, Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Sth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 43
. Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each:
same as white shirts; selection 800 patterns.
LIQUOR habit; new. safe, sure cure; can *<»
given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box C52. San Joae. Cal.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
A school to learn hairdressing. hair work, man- ,
. . leuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Mark-t. _J
bet. Polk and Van Ken. MISS A. V. DOTLK:""^
Alaraeda
ACEXTS WAJfTEP.
FOR every city in the State of CaUforniaTiFood
proi>ocltlon for the right men. . H. OBER-
MEYER, 35 New Montgomery St., room 25.
TRAX'ELING^alesman for Wyoming: side line
FARRXNT Glove Mfg. Co., 276-278 Valencia
Bt.. San Frandsco. Cal.
¦ ASTItOLOGV.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor it.
ATTORNEYS AT LATV.
**•*£?• N * G - *tty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, eetatee. wills, mcrt-
rasee. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve'g; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick: quiet;
£° 5? ar 51^ ho J!il BUCceBS : esta b 1 i s hed 16yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S3) Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market st~T opT Mason:
ADVICE free: cpen every evening: low fees-
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 813 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldff.,927 Mar-
ket ct.: conroltation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALI i E .u\ l8 6elUn * Eureka blcTcles'fTetTewelK
.est thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS. I>OGS.. ETC.
W . A £? L1NG canaries and all kinds of eong r
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock
cages r iobes. aquariums; bird and nnimai
food of all kinds. 1546Market Et.bet.8th &
w __JBOJlJ^IAG_Kjt>RjCH]rLDaES. ~
SfOTHER-S care for 2 or 3 chlidr'^'ho^r^o^-
forts: playroom: large sunny yard- lowest
terms. 1607 California %t.. above Prtk; phont
BOOKS — SEW AAD OLD.
w^ "^"w^Sf ht: "braries'purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: teL Howard 1946.
CHAACES.
A— KREDO & CarK"Fiood~bui!S'ri"
* A .SF° Opportunity.... S09 Market st.
A— $250; cor. grocery and bar. with 4 sunny
roocis; rent ?25; good bar trade.
A — $900: cor. grocery and bar; worth $2000:
acooant of sickness; prosperous business
*RO0— Candy mfg. and icecream; $15 a day
tSoO— Candy mfg. and Icecream; downtown.
$.j— B&kery, candy and notions; rent $10.
$350 — Restaurant; $450 — Chophouse; $250—
taJoon.
$2500 — Partner for mfg. bus. KREDQ & CO ;
A— OUTSIDE office man for business that win
pay $150-$200 month; fine opening for young
man with $SSO. ROHLF8 CO.. 41 Third st.
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for eale; from $8C0
tip. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school-
good corner; $1900. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— RESTAURANT and oyster house on 4th Bt :
doing good^bus.; $400. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A— FIRST-CLASS bakery in Mission: this is a
eood buy; S500. ftOHLFS CO.., 41 Third st.
A — 40 CIGAR etande; , prices $75 to S15O0-
profits $2 to $S daily; renU $6 to $125 month.
I can eel! you a Cm-class etand at Invoice
C L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building.'
tC5 Market ct.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy rt.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houtes. grocery'
«cres, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases
iioney to loan on any of the above.
A — $300: PARTNER wanted: suited to -U-ady
young man satisfied \rith $18 to $25 a "efk-
no esperimco required; trial given before
buyingr. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
$3500— LIVERY and feed stable; well stocked:
old OEiabliEhed; hasn't changed hands for 7
y^ars; owner retiring on account of other
business. RETELOFF & CO.. 9Qfj Market et.
FOR_ eair— Retsll hay and grain business; es-
tablished J5 years; splendid r*tall location on
main thoroughfare: capiui necessary about
»12Wi. Principals meaping business address
box :&74. Call office.
FAR7XER ti-snW; a great opportunity for
ripbt man; to act as nalesmsn on ladies' cus-
r'<ni garm-nts, or tailor. . M. P., box 40oO
Call office.
SOOD home and splendid baEl ness chance com-
tbined; 7-rootn flat and store; . must be sold;
half prlc>*. Own^r. 454 -34th- st., -Oakland.'
fi«0:PARTNER wanted — Good place for steady
yovug iraa. 40 Ellis Ft., room 31, - f.-»
FQK SALE— Cheap, butcher shop; must be sold
.belorr; the Wih. 4S(J B'.jrhth Et. , V . . .•
Fcr'«ilr— Printins-'orfitT-: .worth $1200; next* 'JO
Csit *f*o. 10a* Bread wa>T r. 13. . Oakland.
" I
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tueg.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p.m. :60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
-letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
"WASHINGTON'S birthday materializing se-
ance to-day, 1 p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
EDWARD EARLE, 32fe Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night: 10c.
¦ CLAIRVO VAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD^ " a "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to. occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and yon will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
¦ medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
: with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clalrvoyant.tells past
-future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
.fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215ii'6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant an*
palmist permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10. to 12 a. m.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 328A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal eeer; reads your life correctly without
qnes.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. Odell,- clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future. L. 2T»c; G. 50c. 2-12 Minna, upstairs.
60c. $t — Prof. Wellcr. clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader;mall orders ;stamp for circ. IOO714 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234 >4 Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c: gentB 50c; readings dally. ¦ 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller
. has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.'...
CARPET 'BEATING ATfD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with' poor work'
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing "Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.'
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
. renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542..
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CON'KLWS Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
?.& Golden Gate ave. .- telephone East ; 128.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleanlr? and Reno-
- vaUag Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. ¦ Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, Olt; Market eL : advice free. Tel. Bush
184;. able body of attorneys. ' •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room. 310. - 027. Market st.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R W.' King
attorney. Examiner building. 6th floor. .,"s ',
ii£l. _ DKXTJ5TS.: ' '
A T DI K %' s^ HIG< 5fNs7»27~Market < st??Emlna
gprecltels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prlces^pure g«id fillings. $1 50; s othec
niiings. $1; gold and. porcelain crowns • $5
up; plates, a full bet of teeth • that look
natural 'and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction. .
- I do first -class . work. only, and guarantee It.
EIGHTV prizes for best crowns, '" plates, bridges
- and fillings ; extractions or fillings ¦ by my
wonderful eecret. painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prlct*
«D Sp^^S n<1 *? ua »"anteed; lady" attendants.
DR. GEORGE. W. LEEK., 20 O'Farrell St.
EASY Dental Parlors.' C Turk st.. cor. Mason—
. ¦Expert painless extractors; skilled operators-
(ra* given: lady attendant. R. C • AXDER-
; EON. DjD.S.. ; proprietor and manager. . --' ..'
SEE ¦ my new '. pink ivory plates ; ¦ see . my new
nnbreaiiable bridge; both warranted lifetime:
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54.6th.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main>5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel.' Bush 816. .
ORPHEUM Employment Of fice-r-Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 PoweIl.nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOY31EXT WAXTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse, with 1*6 jeare"
references, is also a trained Eurglcal nurse,
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter et. ¦ r
GERMAN woman wants work by the I day.
washing and cleaning. Address 2750 Har-
rison st. ¦ . ' .
SITUATION wanted by a young -girl to do
general housework. . Address B.. 1M9 14th st.
YOUNG French girl wishes situation for up-
stairs work in a private family; 815 up.
Apply S16 Larkln st. • v -
— 1 *
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Slar-
ket — 200 Tooms; 25c to $1:50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and -respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has- been established! at 1006
.'. Valencia et. -. . . . . / - ¦- ¦;
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FCANDINAVIAN coachman or -.; man about
place, 6 years' reference from last place,
wiEhos situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.
(SIS Sacramtnto st. - s •-¦ -
TOUNfl' man. German, and graduate of
Heald's, desires employment; office. work; not
uver eight hours preferred; salary moderate.
Address box 450, Petaluma, Cal. .
YOUNG man. age 22 years, seeks employment
In a factory; willing to do any kind of work;
city preferred. -Box 3S30. Call office.
BOOKKEEPING and general office work; good
"" expei ience and references; age 21; state sal-
ary. Box 4040, Call office. '
GOOD cook wants situation in hotel, restaur-
ant or boarding-house. Call 62 Second ¦ St.,
room 14. - .
YOUNG man of 25, Danish, s'ober and rel iable.
wishes work on ranch; thoroughly unden-
6tands horses and cattle; good place more
than wages. Bo;: 4037, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman, speaks Spanish and little
, English, desires a position as waiter at table
or do e-eneral work in private family;- good
references. Box, 3S12. Call. .
WELL educated young man, good stenographer,
knowledge of bookkeeping, seeks position;
salary $50 month.. Box 3834.\Call. ¦¦¦
COACHMAN gardener who knows his business •
.12 years' reference. C. G.. box 3-S29. Call. .
BUTTERMAKER ' wants position; 22 years'
practical experience in building, repairing
and operating creameries. Address box 4024
Call office. ¦ ¦ '¦ : .-.-.- . — '
AN honest and attentive young man wants' sit-
uation: has one year's experience in -labora-
tory; willing to do anything.- Box 3645, Call.
. Oakland. •- ¦¦¦ - ¦ ¦ . ¦ .. ' - ¦ ¦ •
ELDERLY man \ wants work; privatefamily;
horses, garden, cooking; useful; in general;
wages no object; references. • Box 3647, Call
Oakland. . ¦ _/. , . ' •
GERMAN with thorough knowjedge of English
and Spanish . desires position 'as correspond-
' ent, assistant bookke<«per or similar employ-
, m»-nt; best city references. ¦ Box 4014, ; Call.
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledge . of stenography. Addres3
box 3216. Call office. - -,-.
F. M. JONES and JOHN. :J.. NEWMAN, surgi-
cal and, medical nurEes;,Al references. ,Tele-
phone South 857; residence, - 206 Van Ness av.
A HANDY man wlEhes*a situation' ln'a "hotel
> in city or country:; furnish good references.'
P. B., 317 Jessie st.' . . . ; . - - f .
POSITION 'as' porter.' -wrapper "• 'or assistant
packer by March I."- Address 1 N." LINTON.
435VG Minna Bt.'. .-.; . jf ¦ . r : ; -, ',,.:!
JAPANESE ' wants position ' to", do- cooking
wait at table, »tc, in American" family. ., Box
; 40;{S,' Call office.. , . ¦ , , . .-. • • ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
-received at Calf branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptions has been : established at ; 10&6
Valencia- st. ' . ¦ ' '¦:..,.¦¦., ....-., ;' .. . . ¦ /7 • ,
' "'. FINAKCIAL. ' •'.... • "•' ;,;•;'
COMPANIES : incorporated. , promoted, guaran-
: teed and: financed;- stock taken.ln payment
.for 'services; "good propositions wanted;' gold'
bonds 'furnished.- PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND . INVESTMENT CO.. ¦ U.y S. licensed
etock brokers, ', 328 .Post st.' ..'• . . ', '
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co.*; (Inc.)— We
I have 42 , offices in > operation ; ; new | method v of
• placing : stocks t and -. bonds ; • companies ? incor-'
.' porated: stocks and bonds underwritten: •:•• Call'
- or address main ¦ office, ' 607-S-9 i Parrott '. bldg.'
uiKii lor cooKing ana nouseworK; emau win-
lly. 2005" California St., 9^10 12. ' - .':.-¦
LADY typesetter: work occasional: $10 per
week; nine hours. Address box 4042. Call. ¦
COMPETENT German girt: fight upstairs
work ; good tewer. Apply 2110 California st.
WANTED — Girl to do housework for married
couple. 1496 Fulton st, bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED : girl for second work and
waiting at table with city reference* ; wages
• $25. Call for two days at 2209. Laguna St.,
10-12 a. m; , :¦' . '
YOUNG ladles for general office work; whole-
sale house; $4 per week beginning. Box
3835. Call office.
NEAT girl for general housework: Call at
• 270G Sacramento st.
WANTED — An " experienced tucker; • steady
work. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
GERMAN girl for cooking and downstairs
> work. 1018 Sutter St.- -
WANTED— Girl from. 14 to 16 to assist in care
of baby; sleep home. 1307% Guerrero st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework at 2731
Laguna St., near Green; wages J15.
A GERMAN woman as governess; ' state : re-
llgion; salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY. ; . . .. .Phone Main 684i
..Leading Employment and Labor 'Agents..
634-638 Clay et. ..............
.......Open to-day. Saturday, 7 a. m. ......
......... SAWMILLS .AND WOODS .' ...
• Balance of, sawmill and woods crew wanted.
.....See boss here to-day at 10:30 a. m....v
¦ Cook; for crew logwaymen •• J35; 3 crosscut
sawyers; 2 tree fellers, $40 and foUnd; 10
• lumber pliers, .. $40 and found ; : 2 woodsmen
and snipers; spool : tender. $52 and found; 2
woodchoppers, $40 and found : lumber - car
man, 540 and found; a gang of laborers, etc. ;
boss at our office at 10:30 a. m, to-day......
Engineer, mine, $75;' 3 miners, good Job;
man to paint wagons; painter that can. letter,'
city jobs; 5 laborers, <- city • I Job, . $1 75; 2
teamsters,' $2 day; 2 molders.' $2 50 to $3 25;
, ., slack ' cooper; S pruners, orchard, ' $30 and
found; 6 farmers, $26 to $30; '5 farmers, hop
ranch, $26; • stableman, ¦ city; stableman,
¦. butcher ttable, $26 and found ; young man
/ to help in gentleman's ' stable, ' country, ¦ $20
-.; and found; 10 milkers, $26 to $35; head milk,
er. $35 and found: farmer and wife, see 'boss
-¦. here. '.$40, and found; married laborer v for
mine, no objection : to child ; 175 . woodchop-
pers for a 3 years' : Job, level : ground, virgin
• timber, : reduced ! fares, redwood 80c, pine
$1 25, hardwood : $1 50 cord, " ties 10c to 15c
each, shingle bolts $1 SO cord; coachman,
private place, $35 and found .... . .*. .-
\ ......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ¦ . . . . . . . . ".
'Cook for sawmill crew,' 28 men, see boss here,'
'-. $40 and found; kitchen' crew for city hotel;
chef cook, $60; second cook, $35 ;; third cook,'
. $30; dishwasher * and vegetableman, $20 -. to
.-. .$25; .'5 cooks, other Jobs; 15 .waiters, : $20 • to
: $35 ; . 10 ; kitchen hands ; young ' man to ¦ work
'; in saloon, $15 and found. MURRAY Si
READY, 634-636. Clay st. -. :--,-.
ANDRE'S - Office. 816 Stockton st— Night
cook,; $50; fry cock, - $75: German : to cook,'
, country, $25 to $35; • cook, near . city, $40; :
gardener, private place.' , $30; ; gardener • for
- ; nur£ er}', '»$25; overseer . for . school, country."
$25, .etc.. ....'-. .-.¦. .- . ... , .: . r -.,.,.'
YOUNG man of ' good appearance as assistant
barkeeper, $25 and board; driver for;; wine
and liquor, store ..who can'also tend ! barl- Ap-
ply ANDRE'S.. 316 Stockton st. .'-~vA<
AT. W. D.-. EWER & ; CO.'S. - Cfb ' Clay St.—
Piano v nlayer, .countrj'. $60 and. fare paid:
gardener, pear city. ?35 to $40;; cook for, ln-
rstitution. $40; .man -> and wife' for -private
place. -, $30 ;•¦ milk ,ivagon. driver,' ?60; labor-
ers for "railroad, north,' $20; cook for boat,
; -Mo to $45. ¦-.- , , .¦,¦-,. ¦ .--" j'X
SALESMAN, , experienced , traveling :" large man-
• .; uf actuf er ¦¦ of ? seml-norcelain . ware ¦ ' wants
/; strictly up-to-date energetic progressive, sales-
B man for coast territory: have established trad*
• In - first-class .' shape ; ¦ will make - one J or two.
ij years',; contract 'with man ', capable approach-
i-. ing best trade: one, who; can, show successful
m and » clear,; road record ; ' salary. ¦> expenses > and
' j commission ; 1 prefer man | under 35 , years. : Call
XSaturday between 9 &. r m.r and 5 p. m.r Pal-
'. ace Hotel office.: Ask for B. H. CORBETT.^
,Vf ANTED— Reliable man: to : look after ;ship-
: ping :¦ goods, '. attend \ store '¦ and v - take s cash t in
-cigar business; will pay. $75 to $00jx»r month;
.experience not required; must have $150 cash.'
c'-..- Apply 7C5 Market i st.. : room 3. .' - • .
WANTED-^-Coatmaker, 1 ! "also-<- pants and 'vest'
.' maker,', to bo to country-"'-" Call . Detmer . Wool- :
. .. en „ Co.. » 643 ] Market- st. ...; . :"¦'.;•. . :
EXPERIENCED . bill . clerk; familiar wkh
; plumbing '• and ' steam -. supply ' busi-
i ness. 5 ;.- Box : 3838, . Call. ' . ;
A" BOY- about 1 15 to • carpenter ' trade. .: 61'
; Sacramento St.; S. J. WILKINi5:& CO.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
' AND WAGONS.
A LOT of Horses for sale at Arcade Horsfl
-, Market. 327. Sixth St.: also bu series, wagons,
harness, etc.: auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SAN ROSA saleyard— Horses, harness and bug-
• fries bought and sold: new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market St.. corner Eleventh.
Percharon stallion Blackwood, No. 21,000; also
4 mares. W. B. Collier, 124 Sansome et.
FOR sale— Fine roadster (trotter). $150; bar-
galn. 2125 Mission St., bet. 17th and 18th.
AN A No. 1' express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO . liICT. .
A— PRINTED list houses to let; senT7or~cl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSKS FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement:
yard; -fin© location;- Portola, toff "Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore, 63 Portola,
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this ' Interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
1 by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
' room 39. 139 Post st. Llebes building.
LOST AAD POUXD.
IF the party that took the umbrella from Ltpp-
man's dry goods store, Hayes and Octavia,
- does not return the same the party will be
prosecuted, . as they are known. " •
LOST— A Pass Book with the Hibernia. Eav-
" ings and Loan Society of .San Francisco, in
the name df MICHAEL KELIHER, No.' 162,-
755. The finder will please return to bank. ~
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia ' Savings
and Loan Society of ¦ San Francisco in • the
name Of MARY E. WELLS; No. 256-312.
"The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A 1 passbook with - the Hibernia Savings
. and Loan Society of San Francisco. -in th»
name of KATE McQUAID;,No. 115-408. The
finder will please return. to bank.
LOST— A. pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and '. Loan Society ' of. San Francisco, - in the
, name of CHARLES W. : DICKEY; No. 211-
,.206. The finder will please return to bank. '
LOST — Dark blue overcoat In ' Mission.' •¦ Re-
- ward if 'returned to 818 Grove st. -
/.MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN .wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hert?, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AIV13 . PILLOWS.
TO ' order, ¦ also cleaned: and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE. BROS.,' 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. -Bush 421. '
' MEDICAL. — — —
LADIES— All .who are sick or in trouble call &
'consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relietiin all cases' taken; 5 the most obstinate
case3 have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all 'classes of female
complaints treated ; relief to- the 'longest cases-
all private diseases - successfully -treated-
blood diseases cured, 10 to 30'ilays k DR .G
I W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market st. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
. :sity, ; Berlin,^midwifery cases; ¦ takes ladles
, s before and ; during confinement; V best - care-
confinement '$15; rm.,-board. ; $5 wk.; Infants
adopted ; .will , take 2 to work at ; my private
resid.. 60C Guerrero st, nr.' 13th; tel; Blue 411.
MRS. L D.'WYETH— Reliable ladies' . specialist;
¦ 1 30 years' experience: ' instant relief guaran-
\ teed : -. home- before ; and ' during confinement :
.infants adopted. .,410 O'Farrell near Taylor
l MRS.'. KOHL, specialist. 410 o'Tarreil st. -/
LADIES,'- consult : the J original . MRS. 'U DA VIES
;" J at i the, old 'office. \ 1223 Market st.;' 30 years'
y,. experience ; In , obstetric , and other cases. •
DR. and MRS. r.WEGENBR,'! ladies' physician;
.-¦; private ¦ home for . confinement : babies adopt-
, ? ed; formerly . 1312 -0.1 G;; ave:;- now 112 Mason/
HINDOOHERB Vand ? MRS. ; DA VIES*. 1 original
''method of treatment: maternity home;- home
1 In ' confinement, y 1126 Market st.','S.'F. ';
MRS.;; D.'X GOODWIN, -• ladles',' phystclan ; 25
'¦ ..; years' - successful ¦, experience '¦ in S.*--- V;. < Ma-
'ternlty Home.;90C Market »t.. r opp.-- Fourth. •¦
MRS. D.'» ALLEN," 1118 Market— Reliable lad'.cT*
specialist ;* a ¦ private ; home, before ? and ; during
; - confinement ; • best - medical " care ;¦ low fees. -
DR;, NO TOY. ICEE.; 210 Stockton St.; ' opposite
- Union -sauare; all; diseases cured by herbs.
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEn|
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY ' respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances , on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
.ON reaj estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest ratea. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
A PRIVATE party, loans any amount on furni.
. ture. pianos; no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal ;cdnfldentlal
' ORMSBY.2tf Montgomery st..opp.Llck House.
ON" furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms ;no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory blis.. 301 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
I HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Eic, 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried I people on note without
'indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1*09. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON Salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis- >
counted. TOUSLET CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. - 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposl-
. tlons. S. F. Discount Agencr, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monry on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. ¦ Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WAXTED.
$1500 OH S20OO on gilt-edge property- for 3
years. Box 3643, Call. Oakland.
instruments.
a~bargXin~list~of used pianos, all
in. good order and warranted.
McNeil ;......... square. $23
Hallet & Davis. ..... square... ........... 35
Dunham "....;. square. ............... 000
Raven & Bacon...... square.. 660
Mendelssohn .........square »'.'..". 70
Symphony ...... .....square........ ...... 75 '
Arion .square......... 75 '
New York Piano Co. .square. '73
Hazelton ; .square. . . .". .V. . . . . r. 100
¦Weber. .............. .square 115
. Chickering (2) square. $110 — 115
Decker Bros ..square...; 125
Steinway .......... i .square 125
Herz .:... .....upright............... ieo
Dunham ' ....upright ......„• 125
Vose : .....'. ....upright... ........... 150
Opera, rosewood case.upright. 200
Speilmann, oak case ."...:. 250
Byron Mauzy, mahogany case 300
Lester, mahogany cas% ......:.. sco
Sohmer, walnut case, $6C0 Btyle 450
.Steinway Grand ....:./ 450
Sohmer Grand ..............'.......:..... 700
ORGANS.
Standard ......'.....:...."... $25
Sterling v.:...V.. .'..: 35
Monarch ...............' 75
Mason &• Hamlin. $50— $75 — and .-...;" 100
Estey (2). $50 and . . V. '.'. .'. ....;:.'. .V. .;... 100 :
Cecilian Piano Player.'. ..'.".¦...;¦...-.-...¦... 25"
Fine New Pipe Organ..-. . . .:. ....;;.. • 1C0O
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post St.
A'.' Factory Prices — We are cutting priced be-
• cause our new building and hall will not be
finished as guaranteed by contractors *W"e
will have no room for stock for two weeks
100 pianos of all different - mak'es must be
rented, stored, sold . or , shipped. We also
. wish to show you how cheap a cheap piano
• can ¦ be sold— new rianos such ¦ as ¦ are «old
as bargains from ?J 85 to $275, we will gell
at f 98. - To give you a real piano bargain
we have some in all makes. 1 slightly us»d
irom $25' to $350.' . . " '
HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary st., v opp.- Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our ' piano stock
~ both new and second-hand . N is the largest west
of Chicago and includes ' the . most reliable
; makers to choose. from. New pianos sold upon
, easy payments of $6 per month: aome good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. '-SHER-
- MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts..- San Francisco;- cor-
. ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland. '
"ATTENTION. . BARGAIN-HUNTERS-- "
Second-hand .upright pianos . from $53 up
Kecond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
j r , Second-hand organs Irom $25 up; new uprt-ht
pianos from ' $175 ¦ up. ... BKNJ. - CURTAz' &
SON..16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering M Ln
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up.
; ward ; values test v in the • city PI RTirP-'a
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 11th and ChuYcb!
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quart*r
or dduble, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or yon are bald call on
Dr.G.8.Moore,3320'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists: superfluous hatr
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 426 Sutt»r.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, and molea remorved by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDTTMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natnral color; jl; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 783
Valencia st.. corner Nineteenth.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly; 10c and 25c. / All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Sinter; teLLarkln3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 28 CKarrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, |T 50; dress pants. %l 50.
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE*S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th»
b«st corn cure: 25c. all druggists. :
PHYSIC1A5S ASP SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— All
diseases of men and women treated auccess-L
- fully. Prepare all medicines . myaelf. Br •-
FORDKN. No. 6 Turk »t., corner Mason. '
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
Burgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
102Hi Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY-OWNERS A CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney. I am prepared to erect it «Oc & foot up-
expert in curing smoking or faulty flues*
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks sp-cialty: brick put under old.
.buildings: having my own screws and timbers
I can do thia work cheap and without ob»di-
ence to labor organizations: estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or bo* 260. 318 Bush.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sal«
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts. $60 to $9O per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing, rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
, to The-Cotati Co.. 302 California, St.. for
pamphlets and Information,
FOR rent or for sale: chicken ranch, near
Napa: & acres; new house of 8 rooms.- horse.
buggy, cow and chickens; new windmill;
running stream; $350O. or will sell stock at
Invoice and rent or lease ground and bu'.H-
ings $2C0 year. R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
EQUITY in a beautiful country home; convetfii-
ent to S. F.. San Mateo Co.. for sale; SSOfijfc*.
worth double. Box 3339, Call office. - .*:,
PROFIT ApLE orange, lemon, peach and prun»
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds- send
* ttamp tor free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petalnina.
REAL ESTATE— CITY r -yOR SALE.
FOR SALE — An elegant cottage Jus* com-
pleted, on the north side of Seventeenth st .
near Stanyan; overlooking Golden Gate Park:
sheltered from wind and fog; 7- rooms and
bath; all modern plumbing; back of sink and
stove tiled; blrdseye maple mantel; reception
-.hall finished in natural oak; brick founda-
tion and cement sidewalk: all connections "
. made with street mains; open for 1 Inspection
at all times. Apply Owner on premises.
ONLY $3500: £ cash, balance mortgage at 6
per cent: 2-story bay-window house; lot 26x
125: brick foundation; ft rooms, bath. ban. -
nv?nt. washhouse. garden; nicely located. 2'i
block* west o£. Valencia; open for Inspection
P*v w^r n *. * na ,.* p -- n -. •» 10S Chattanoowa:
take Mission.. Valencia or Kearny transfer at
22d n.; car3 bringj.ou ) n front -of houie.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~"
" SEO Market st.. corner Stockun.
• Rea, Estat^ST GT * Bt U1 -
Rents collected. Prc^y bought and sold.
W «^ T^ D ~ To purchase * residence north "of
Broadway, or on any of the streets between
t ?i?i?vf ?^- and Presidio reservation. \V.
?2 £^£°~ n .. T . H >* We~MclCilUtor St.. near Bak-ri
gome s ASHT0N & .GARDINER.
— — '. . » > • _________
EA _ RG - AIN r" 9 ' room house; modern Improv?-
nienta. 1 1 11 Broderick. bet. Bu»h and Pine.
FO , R .»? ale r~;£? 84: double house. 16 room* and
bath. at» 4 6 Ptna at. near Tailor.Following is a statement of the estimated
flow, of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
: Amanda A. WJilker. to Henry F. Blanche t
Jr. , lot on SW . corner of Fourteenth ' avenue,
175 NW of P street. NW-60 by SW 200, block
292, O'N. and H. Tract; $10. ! *.
1 Henry F. Jr. and Clara' H. Blanchet to
Southern " Pacific Company,' lot on ; NE line of
Fifteenth avenue, ,175 NW of P street, NW 50
by NE 100, block 202, Bame; $10. | ,
Arthur H. and Emma -A. Evans to Arthur
H. Evans Jr.. lot on E line of Park; Hill ave
nue, 277:7% S'from road or avenue ¦ (Buena
Vista), S 6^:0V4. W 12:4>4, SE 112,. NE 52:4,
N 71, W 115, lots 13 to -15, block B, Park Hill
Homestead; s-lft.
George S. Neale to Harry H. Lorentzen, lot
on S line of Hill street, 430 W of Capitol, W
25 by S 125,. City Land Association; $10.
Rachael Fisher to Andrea. Sbarboro. lot on
SW line of Niagara aveAue. 236:6 NW of
Huron street, NW 100 by SW 20, block 8,
West End Map 1 ; also lot on S line of Rome
street, 20 W of Niagara. W 20 by S 100, lot
15, West End Mao 1, .Rome-street lots; also
lot on SW line of Niagara street,' 100:8 NW of
Huron, NW 100 by SW 20, block 8, West End
Map 1; $10. '
John E. and Belle . M. Miller to Hawaiian
Fertilizer Company (corporation), lot on NW
corner of Fourth avenue and L street, W 260
by N 200, block 58,' Butchers' Reservation; $10.
T.,P. Rlordan to Joseph A. Donohoe, lot on
S,Iine of Eddy .street, 137:6 E of Gough, E
<3S:9 by S 120 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Joseph A. . and Christine P". Donohoe to Isl
dor Schwartz, same; $10. • .¦- .-¦• '¦ ..
Same to same, lot on S line of Eddy street,
137:6 E of Gough. E 08:9. by S- 137:6 (quit
claim deed); $10. ' ,• -
William J. Kelly to Sarah J. and Mary E.
Pargner, undivided / one-quarter of lot- on N
line of Fulton street. 27:6 W of Octavia, W
27:6 by N 120; $800. .
London and San Francisco Bank, Limited,
to Randolph C. Miller, lot on S line of Union
street, 87:6 E of Fillmore,' E 22:6 by'S 100;
$1575. ;
William McCracken to The George Stierlen
Company (corporation),' lot on W line of Ma
sonic avenue, 1G8:9 N of Frederick street,' N
200. by W 106:3; $10.
Frederick C. Siebe to William Dasmann, : lot
on W-line of Howard street, . 260 S of Seven
teenth. S 25 by W,122:6; $10.
;• John Burns to. Rose A. McCloskey, . lot en W
line or Church street, 89 N of- Hill, N 25 by
W 101:9; gift.. - • • .
Lulgi Devincenzi to' Gulsseppe Devlncenzi,
lot on W-Iine of Stockton street, 55 N of Jack
son, N 41:3* by W U3:0; also all interest in
estate of Gulseppe Devlncenzi; also all Interest
In estate of Giovanni Devlncenzi; $1778. £
David Dunnlgan to Mary Vivian, Kate Mc-
Donald. Hannah anil John. D. Dunnlgan, lot
on N W line of Folsom street. 275 NE of Sec
ond, SW 25 by NW SO; gift. ¦
. Estate of Elizabeth Floyd (by Thomas Floyd,
administrator) to Christian Froelich, lot on SE
line of Howard street, 355 SW of First, SW
25 by SE 85; $8000.
Thomas L. Floyd to same, same; $10.
Hugh J. Gllhulyto James H. and Mary E.
Gtlhuly, lot en SE line of: Clara street, 227:<J
NE of Sixth, NE 22:6 by SE 75; $10.
• John Flanagan to'Mary F. Mullen (single),
lot on NW corner of Fulton -(D) . street and
Thirty-fourth avenue, N 250 by W120; $10.
Patrick F. and Mary A. Bird to Charles N.
Johnson, lot on W line of Twenty-seventh ave
nue, 125 S of K street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
• Wesley B. Harker to Dr. S. • Van der Vaart.
lot on W line of Forty-third avenue,' 100 S of
L Street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Amelia Louvan ' to same, . lot , on N Una of
Stanley street, 75 W of Bright. W 50 by N
100, block 50, City .Land Association; $10.
Luke McCarty to Thomas J. McNaughton
lots 9 and 10, block 1, Garden Tract Homestead
Association: also lot. 34, block ',',, same; $10
: Charles G. and May C. Hooker to John . Fla
herty, lot on : NE corner of Filbert -and Polk
etreets, E 70 by N 27:6; $10. .- S -
¦ John G. W. and Minna Schulte to William
H. Deming and Florence D. Harley,' lot on NW
corner of Franklin" and Page*«treets, N 60 by
w 110: . $30,000. . •«-.;. * ...• ... , •'. ¦
Charles K. Harley to Florence -D. Harley.
eame; gift. ..'...'
I Kasten.and CatJiarlna Winter -to Isaac Ella
eer, lot on W line of Gough street, 60 Sof Oak,
S 80 by W 87:6; $10.
Jeremiah J. Galvln to Susla A. Galvln./undi
vided three-sixteenths of lot on W line of Web
ster street. 137:6 S of Fultonj S 33 by W 82:6;
gift. / ¦ . , .-..-...¦... ¦ ¦ .. . - ,
Joseph and Max"%randenstein' (and as trus
tees estate of Albert Rosenbaum, Jane- Bran
densteln, Samuel .M.-, Albert- M. and -Charles
¦W. Rosenbaum and Virginia and Julia- Strass
burger) to Alfred J. Rich, lot on SE corner of
Vallejo and Pierce streets, S 137:6 by E 140;
Citizens' Building and Loan 'Association to
John F. and Sarah A. (Sullivan, lot on E line of
Lyon street, 100 Sof Oak, S 25 by E 91:2:
$5350. ,..
Rosa V. de Scott- (widow) to .The George
Stierlen Company (corporation), lot on S line of
Page street, 142:3% W of Baker, W . 25 by S
137:6, E 50, N 22:6, W 25, N 115; $10. . . .
The Baird Estate (corporation) to Walter
Morgan and Myron E. Stanford; lot on NW
corner of Halght street and Central avenue
(Lott), N 60 by W 93:9; $10. . s .. :
J. Ed ward, and Emma H. Warren to John
A. Hoots, lot on W line of Tremont avenue 310
S of Frederick street,- S 60 by W 80; $10.f
Isaac and Emily - El laser to Kas ten Winter,
lot on W line of Cole street, 175 N r of Fell, N
25 by W 103:1%.; $10. • ,
David and; Emma ' F. ' • Emerson ¦ to ' Adam
Burkhart, lot on 8 line of Waller street. 110
~E of Shrader. E 25 by S 125; $10.
1 T. R. and Mary H. Bassett to E."W." Gordon,
lot on . SW- corner of Sacramento and Walnut
streets, W 23 by S 100; $5.
Elizabeth A. Bassett to same, same; $5.
E".-- W. Gordon to Alameda Building and Loan
Association, same; $5." "- ' ¦
Alameda Building and Loan. Association to
Juliet J. -Mezes, same; $6000.
J. W. and Ida Griffith to Henry Mathews,
lot on NW corner- of Twenty-sixth street and
San Jose avenue, W 30 by N 90; $10. '
Mary Flynn (widow) to John S. Smith, lot
on S line of 'Jersey street, 25 E of Vlcksbur*
E 60 by S 114; $1.,' • . . - . B '
' Maria ¦ Bang (widow) ¦ to ¦ Maria S. Murphy
(wife of . Eugene -P.), ; lot on S line of Com
mercial street, 120 , E of Battery, W 25 by 8
Sarah S. and Frederick C. Hergens to Stella
Smith (wife of Thomas C), lot on W line of
Second avenue. .175 S of California street south
(Deeth).*8 25 by W. 120; $10. . .
Louis A: and Marlon M. Murch to Oscar R
McGee and AVilliam N. I CanHeld, lot on W line
of Eleventh avenue, 100 N of I street ¦ N 25
by W 120; $10. . . . '
Hannah V. Winslow to C. D. Jessup lot on'
E corner of Fifth, avenue and Islals street NP
237:1,. SE 92:11, SW 212:6, NW. 154:6 block
89, O. and H. Tract; $10. ' - diock
Letitia W. and M. Hudson to
Southern Paclflo Company (corporation) r lot on
NW corner of Twenty-seventh avenue and M
street, NW 75 by NE 200, block 497, Hudson
Gdn. : . also . lot on NE line of • Twenty-sixth
avenue, 75 1 NW of M street. .NW 75 by NE
200. block. 482,. sa-me;- $10. ,. y * ltj
Same to same," lot on. E corner of Twenty
fifth avenue and M street, NE 200 bv sf 7«t
block. 469. same; $10. ; y ati 75>
Fairmount Land Association (by 'E. M Gal
vln,-sole trustee) to James. McCoy, lot on NE
corner of Castro and Addison streets, E 125-5%:
N -42:1%. -W-125:5%,V S 31:2, block 33/ FalJ:
mount; $10. . - ¦ . ; . . ¦ ;. ,•
Louis C. and MaryV. Winkleman or Win
kelman to Lewis Sillineri. lot on NW corner
of Filbert ; and Octavia streets. W 37J6 b™N
X00 j *10. 1- ¦-•-¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ . . • ¦ . .
• William ' Chrlstmann to Isolene A Cottln*
ham. lot on E line oe Baker street '82-6 8 of
California, S 25 by E 82:6; $10
Adaline C and John S. Martin. Margaret E~
Sarah; J., Alice J. Cyras, Mary V.. and Geortre
R., Chambers to R. A. Vance.- lot on. N'linp
ofFulton^ street,- 76 W of Willard W 70-2 v
137:6.' E 45:2. S 37:<V.E 25. S 100; $10 ' -
Wells, > Fargo. & Co. to same, same ault
claim deed; $1. .-.' '¦.,•..- ..' .'. . ,
•Hannah Donohue to John P. Donohue lot on
SB line of Stevenson • street ; 75:11 -SW - of
Potter, also 200 SB of ¦ Market SW 25 bv HP
100: gift.--. • ¦ . ' . y
Marie and August Derre to Louis Glaudon
lot' on SW corner of Mission - street and Syca
more avenue (Willows avenue), .S. 35 W K0
S 25, W 80, N 60. E 160; $10. ' " '
Margery Bradley (widow) to Annie LlcCloud
(wife of Alexander), lot on E line of Harrison
street. 156:6 S. of Twenty-second, 8 49:3'bv E
100; $1200.< :^ " V .: ' • . ' --• : .; :i, y i ".
.Annie M. -Thomson- • (widow)'., to : 'Martina.
Ruegg. Mot on E line of 'Bryant avenue. 116:3
N. of- Twenty-sixth,- N 23:4 by E 100; $10.
¦ Isidore . Simon - to Frances Simon - (formerly
wife . of Isidore),- lot oir;S . line of Twenty-sov
etith street; i 200 E of- Church, E 24 by 3 : 114
quitclaim deed;$10.-'f ¦¦:''¦;¦-. - - .--.»ri-".
. Ella H. and Frank . H. Tyler to Herman E
Iburg.- lot on NE corner of Twentieth and Eu
reka streets, E 25 by N 110; $10. . • 7 r
: Estate >: of Emanuel ¦ L. '" Goldstein (by , .Jacob
Frowenfeld; ' . trustee) '-to . ¦ Carrie . Frowenfeld
(wife'of ' Jacob).'. Tillies Ackerman'- (wife'of 31.
8.), Beckie Ackerman* (wife of '.I.; H.). ' Sophie
Steinberger (wife of, A:) and "William arid San
ford - Goldstein, lot on ; E line of • Montgomery
street, 73% N of Pine.* Ei77:6 by N.24% ; also
lot commencing 97:6<N of, Pine. street and: 70
E of Montgomery/ E,7: 6 by 8 24%: also lot on
E line of Montgomery- street/ 137:6-S;of'But
ter. 8 25. by E. 87:6: also lot on NW corner .of
Lombard , and Montgomerj'; streets, V N 68 :9 . by
W 137:6;. also, lot^ on W, line of Kearny. street,
52:8 ; N.< of .Bush.V N : 23 :6 ¦. by W ; 47 :5; alsoilot
on; SE 'corner -of iSutteri and; Gough' streets, 1 ' E
FLOW OF RIVERS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask | . Bt,j Ask '
?s qr coup;.1121h112% 'is qr c (new)130W,ip,9%
is qr reg ...112VbU2A |3a qr coup. .108% 109 VJ,
, MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
o 1& A^ Co. .70^103 Oceanic 5s..l01^102
Bay CPC 6s.lO9 — Ombus C 6s..l3l —
Cal-st 5s ...11014 — . Pac G Im 4s 05&'97*i
S^ C ? S 1^ 5 »- • — — " H 6s. loo 107^
g^ L&P 6s.. — — Pk&OR 6S..117 120
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pwl-at R 6s.iT.0ti —
. Geary-st 6s. — — Pac EGR 5s. — »7%
H C&S 5&s. — — (5P & SJV58.12.-J —
Do 5s .... — 100 glerra Cal 6slO5 110
L Ang R 5S.120&12U4 S P of A 6s
LA Light 6s. — — . (1909) 112% —
Do gtd 6s. — ' — (1910) ....114 114%
! Do gtd 5s.lOt>4 — S P of Cal 6s .
L, A & P 5s. H»l ft — (1905) Sr A. 109 110
Do lem Os.101 10:t (19O5)Sr B.lOOVi —
Mkt-stC 6s.i25 Vi — (1906) ...112 —
Do lem 6s. 121% — (1912) 122
N R of C es.lllVtlll'/, SP of Cal 1st
Do 5s ....122'il23!i| c gntd 5s.. 120 —
K £ a ? 5 5 s - ~~ 109 *t | Do stmpd.lllVllll«i
N Cal R J5s:ll2*i — S -P BrCal6a. — 141H
; Oak Gas 5s.. 114 — IS V Wat 6s. — —
Dak Trn. 6s.l22 12.% Do 4s ....102% —
I Do 1st c5s.Ul 112' I Do 4s 3dmlO2 —
Dak W G 5s. •- JO8»5 Stkn Gas 6s.lO3tf —
: WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa 73 & 74 H Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co...;. 59 : — Spring Val.. 86 86^4
, . GAS AND ELECTRIC. :
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pac Light... 44 —
Eqt G L Co. 3»4 Shi Sac E G&RC — 35
Mutual .....—..¦ 4% SFG&E.. — 42W
O G L & H. 52 — S F G Co... 5U, 6
Pac G Imp/. 36% 37% Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 275 ; ' "*-
BANKS. .. .
Anglo Cal .. 81%'— LP & A.... 165 169
California . .420 — Mer Ex (liq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.116% — ' S F Nationl.137% —
First. Natnl.: — — ., *
- ': ;¦ savjngs; banks. ¦-", .'.].¦?,':'¦¦¦
• German ...1950- — ISav & Loan.-- — -100i •
Humboldt .. — . — ISecurlty Sav.305' 350
Mutual Sav.. — 80 lUnton Trust. — 2200
S F Sav t U..512% — . I ; , ... v •
' '< . '. ' ' ' STREET RAILROADS. " : - r
California .. — rllS I Market ..... 87% 88%
Geary ...:.-. — f 60 iPresldlo ...S4O - 60
•".POWDER. /
Giant ....... 78% 79 /Vigortt ...;. 3% 4%
U SUGAR.
Hana , '4*. 4% Kilauea .,..;:9%^-'
Hawaiian 37% 40 : Makawell ... 26% 27
Honokaa ... 11% 12J4: Onomea .... 23% 24«
Hutchlnson ..13%. — & Paauhau ... 12 12%
. ¦..; '.' .
Alaska Pack — 163%' Pac A F A.. — : 3%
Cal Fruit As. 97H100 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. — 100% Par Paint... 18 ¦— '
Oceanic S Co.85 37, ; .
i .' .Morning Session. - .
" .Board -. «
60 Cal Wine Aesn ....100 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75
45 S F Gas & Electric Co.....'..... 42 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.. ......... 42 37%
15 Spring Valley Water . .¦ ..'.;. 87 00
$1000 Market-st R R con 5s. .....122 00.
'--"-';'¦ ¦ AXternoon Session. -
Board — , • • . ....
. 50 Contra Costa Water 74-00
35 Giant Powder Con .............. 78 50
100 Hutchinson SPCo........ :....:¦ 13 75
25 Market-st Railway 89 00
10 Market-st Railway i 88 50
20 Market-st Railway . ¦ 88 25
20 Market-st Railway 88 00
25 Market-st Railway .............. 88 37%
' 20 Paauhau S P Co .........; 12 00
55 S F Gas & Electric Co..' 42 37%
10 Spring Valley Water 86 75
l3 5 Spring Valley Water..; 86 50
•. 10 Spring Valley Water ...........; 86 00 S
- ¦ ¦'¦ : Street— ,'¦*> . . - ._ - . .
.¦•• 112 S F Gas & Electric Co........;. 42 37%
$4000 S i Plot Arizona (1910) 114 00
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE. •
¦ Morning Session. :.
.' Board — . t . J: >
• 500 Home .......'. 3 "5 "
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 ~ 07
500 Reed Crude .\ ... 37
Afternoon Session.
Board — • . • ¦ • • ¦ - - - " . —
. 200 Cala-Standard i is '
300 Monte Cristo .X 33
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30.".'.. ."...;.'.. : - ¦ 07
- '..-¦•-¦ Street—,. ¦•.- :¦•¦•¦ - ,. • - .-. ¦
200 Home 3 75
100 Junction '...'..'... ;.¦ 21 "
600 Shamrock :............... . f ..... 50 '
MINING STOCKS.^
. Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco .Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. I Morning Session. *
200 Andes ....... 00 200 Hale & Norca 35
: 700 Belcher 05 600 Mexican r. ... 44
700 Best & Belch 28 650 Ophlr- .......1 15
500 Chollar - 16 1000 Potosi ...... 15
450 Con C & Va.l 45 400 Sierra Nev..." 17
200 Gould ft-Cur 14 600 Union Con .. 25
. 100 Hale & Norcs\ 34 - .
' . . Afternoon - Session. --¦
'400 Best &' Belch" ' £8 100 Ophlf 1 20
100 Caledonia ... 31 300 Potosi ....... -15
300 Chollar ...... 15 300 Sayage . . 10
1100 Con C & Va.l 50 400 Sierra Nev.... 17
300 Mexican ..... 46 100 Union Con . . 23
. Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange . yesterday : • . y -
Morning,' Session.
I 600 Best & Belch 27 200 Mexican 42
300 Best &. Belch 28 200 Mexican ..... 43
: 300 Caledonia ... 30 700 Ophir . . ... ..115
400 Challenge Con 17 1100 Ophir ... ..117%
1200 Challenge Con 19 400 Ophir ....... 1 20
•500 Chollar ...... 15' 300 Potosi ;......' 14
i -400 Con C & Va.l 40, 500 Sierra Nev... 16
: 600 CC-&" Va.l 42Vi 500 Sierra Nev... 17
! • 300 Con C & Va.l 45 300 Silver Hill :. 83
200 C C &'Va;l 47%{llOO Union. Con .. 25
•'600 Confidence ... 00 600 Union Con ,. 26
500 Hale & Norcs.' 33.
. . Afternoon Session. /'
500 Alta .......;.. 04 500 Ophir .......1 20
500 Belcher ..:...¦; 05 300 Ophlr ..... 1 22%
500 Best & Belch 28 500 Potosi ....... 14
¦200 C C& Va.l 47% 500 Savage.. .'....- 10
?400 Con C & Va.l 60 200 Sierra Nev. .;. 16
200 Con C & Va. 1 45 400 Silver. Hill ... 61
! 200 Con C &- Va.l 55 200 St Louis ....¦- 10
eOO'Lady. Wash . . 01 500 Union Con . . 27
• 250 Mexican -. .'. .. 43 S00 Union Con . .- 26
200 Mexican:..".."".' 45 300 Union ' Con i'.V ". 25
: 200 Mexican...'. ••'¦ 4S ; ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .', .
FRIDAY, ; Feb. ; 21— 4 p." \m. '
i. v - '-{ A ; "•-". . Bld.Ask. I ¦'. : Bid.Ask:
Alpha ....... 03 ' 04 'Justice-....':..: 10- 12
Alta ..;.....; 04 00 I Kentuck .:.".. 01 ". 02
,/V.ndes 05 08 Lady Wash .. 01. ' —
Belcher •".."... .04 Oo Mexican ...;. 47 48
Best & Belch: C8 29 Occidental '..:- 08'." 10
¦ Bullion :..... 02 . '03 Ophlr ...... .;i'2S 1 30
Caledonia .... -30 32 .Overman ,.'...- 08 10 1
Challenge Con : 10 . 18 Potosi..... ... .14 15
iChollsr .;.... .14 15 Savage ...7. .09 1 10
Confidence .'..•38 61* Scorpion .... . — '. 04
Con-C &.Va.l 55 1 00 Seg Belcher. V 02 . 03
Con Imperial.; 01 02 Sierra Nev...'. IS 19
ConVN-Y :'..'. 02 v 03 Silver, Hill .. 62^ 64
Crown, Point. '- 06 08 St . Louis .."...; 10
Eureka Con:. '18'-. . — Syndicate ...7 --^ 07-
Exchequer .V. / — . ¦ 02 Union; Con .'."'26'. ¦ 28
Gould ' & Cur f- 13 15 Utah ;...... . J ' 02 03 .
Hale & Norcs 32 - 35 Yellow Jacket 16':. J8
Ijulla-. .....-..'—, 04 . ...
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb. 21—2 p. m.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
FISH— ¦ : - ¦ • ¦-¦¦'.£-¦•
Carp .¦.; — @12^ Sea Bass — ® —
Catflsh — @ — Smelts — @15
Codfish ... .....15® — Soles ... i.-%...10O12H
Flounders . ...12^®— SkaUs, each ... 8@15
Halibut ... — ®15 Squid — @—
Herring ... ..;.. 8@— Tomcod ..'. ...10@12^
Mackerel — & — Turbot ...' 15<@25
Do, horse — & — Trout — © —
Perch '. — © — Brook Trout ....-~-@ —
Pomplno-....75<:@$1 OO Whiteflsh ... .,.10(8 —
Rockcod ..— <5X15 Clams, gallon ... 60@ —
Rockflsh — @i5 Do, hardshell,
Salmon, fresh ..20S25 per pound .... 8S10
Do, smoked ...15®25 Crawfish ... ....— ®10
Sardines — @— Crabs, each . . v 15@20
Shrimps 10® — Mussels, quart -V-@ —
Shad 15!g:^- Oysters. Cal. 100.40®50
StripeB Bass . 13ti20i Do, Eastern, dz. 25® 10
Artichokes. dz.?l©l 50 'Okra, dried, lb..— @40
Beets, dozen 10@— [Potatoes, prlb.. 2^-'^
Beans, white, lb. C®— Parsnips, per dz.lO@—
Colored, per lb. 5@ — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® 8 bunches .... ...15S20
Cabbage, each... 5®—] Rhubarb — @15
Celery, head .... 5@ — , Sweet Potatoes.
Cress, dz bnch9..20©:!0| per lb ..-. 2¥t<3> 4
Cucumbers. dz.|l GOUi'i Sage, doz bnchs.25@30
Egg Plant, lb... .30®— String Beans, per
Garlic ....4© 6 pound 20@25-
Green; Peppers,lb.30©40 Summer Squash,
Green Peas, lli.12V.rd 13 per pound .... . — ®25
Lettuce, per doz. 15(020 Sprouts, per lb.. 5@ ii
Leeks, dz bchs. .15«320 Spinach, per !b.. 5@ —
Onions, per lb.2V4@i^ Thjme, dz bchs.25@30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz. 10@ —
' bunches ... ..'.15@20 Tomatoes, per lb.20@25
' VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, pr lb.4O@5O' Mushrooms, lb...l3@30
POULTRY AND GAME— '-
Hens, each 5O@T5 Pigeons, pair ...40®50
Young Roosters. Squabs, per pair.5O@65
each ....:... 75c@$l Rabbits, each ..15@2O
Old Roosters, ea.50@75 Hare, each »....^H@20
Fryers, each ... .50® 63 English Snipe,
Broilers, ' each ... — @50 per dozen .. — @$4 00
Turkeys, per Ib..l8@22 Jack Snipe...— €$2 50
Ducks, each 501173 Wild Geese, per
Geese. each....?l 50® 2 pair 75c@$l 00
Goslings . ...— @?2 50 Brant, each 25@35
FRUITS AND NUTS^- ,
Alligator - Pear*. Grape Fruit, per
each ... .25(350 dozen 5Ort5-75
Almonds ... .'. ..15@20 Limes, dozen . ..10® 1.1
Apples ... .7 3W 5 Lemons, dozen . .20<330
Pecans — ©20 Oranges, dozen: .20(^60
Brazil Nuts 20@— Pears, 1b ...... 8@12^
Bananas, doz . ..15@25 Pineapples, each.30@50
Cocoanuts, each.— @10 Raisins, per lb.. 5@15
Chestnuts, per lb.l5@20 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2&@15
Dried Figs, pr lb— ©10 .
- Young Poultry is In lighter supply and
dearer. There Is little change in Meats. The
storm may. make Fish higher for a day or so,
though there was little change yesterday.
•Asparagus and Rhubarb are coming In every
day now, but both s are dear, as usual . at the
beginning of the season. ..-.'.
Cannel $ — -®13 OO SouthHeld
Wellington — —mi 00 Wellington $ — ©11 00
Seattle .;...— -<ft g 50 Coos Bay .:.f— ® 7 CO
Roslyn 00
¦' DAIRY . PRODUCE. ETC.— . ¦ : :
Butter.. choice. sq55@liO|Comrrion Eggs.— ®22%
Do. good . .45® 50 1 Ranch Eggs, per
Common". ..... .".— @40 dozen ... .'..'./."•• — 025
Cheese, Cal ..... 15*217 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern .17^20 pound \v. ... .15^20
Cheese. Swiss ... 20330 Do, .extracted. . 8@10
¦¦¦¦ MEATS; per lb—
Bacon 14@1S Pork Sausages. 12H@15
Hams ........ .13©17 Smoked Beef 17®20
Lard ....15© —
" The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats: , >.-.", V-.' , ; ' ¦ •• •"
Roast Beef ... ..10@18 Roast Mutton.. 12@12%
Tenderl'n Sfk.l5@17Vi Mutton Chops. .10@12fci
Porterh'se do.,17>4@20 Mutton Stew ... — @ 8
Round Steak.. 10® 12 % Roast Veal 10©15
Beef Stew ...... 8@lu Veal Cutlets 15@18
Corned Beef .... 8@10 Roast Pork ...12^®15
Roast Lamb ..12%@15 Pork Chops —@15
Lamb Chops-.. 12H018I :
Eggs are a shade . dearer. Butter Is scarce
and very, firm at the prices, . which are high
for this time of-the-vear. Packed Butter is
now almost Impossible to obtain, as supplies
are. about- exhausted.' .. .. : • - ¦•
137:6 by S 137:6: also lot on SW line of Sixth
street ti 30 SE of Jessie. 'SE.' 50,, SW . 130, NW
SO, NE 50. SE 30. NE 80; alsolot on NE line
'of Sixth . street, - 125 , SE of Harrison,' S 100 by
E 'i 100; ¦ also' lot on • N corner of - Sixth and
Bryant streets, NW,75 by NE 135: also lot on
NW. line of ¦ Brannan street, 275 .SW of Fifth,
8W 137:6. by NW 275; also lot on SW line of
Fifth street. 183:4 NW. of Brannan N 91:8 by
W 275; also lot on N corner of Fifth and Ship
ley, streets. NW 50 by NE. 75; also lot on NW
corner of Fulton and Lagruna streets, W 82:6
by N 120; also. lot on N line of Jackson street,
60:5 W, of Kearny,-. W 24 by N 90: also lot on
N line of Ellis - street, 240:7% ¦ W of Powell.
W 34:4% by.N. 137:6: also Mot on W line of
Carlos (place) street, .97:6 S of O'Farrell and
105 E of Mason, S 40 by W 57:6; also lot" on S
line of Eddy street. 137:0 "W of Franklin, W
68:0 by S 120; also lot on N line of Clay street,
100 E of Steiner, E 30 by N. 127:8*4; also lot
on E line of Van Ness avenue, 60 S'of O'Farrell
street. S 30 by, E 109 ; also - lot* on . N line of.
Van. Ness avenue, 90 S of O'Farrell street, S
30 by. E- 109; also lot on S line of Post street,
137:0 W of, Gough, W 27;6 by S 137:6; also
property in other counties: $ — —. ¦ ::
--• Virginia Goldstein (wife of Emanuel L.),
Carrie Frowenfeld . (wife of Jacob), Tillie Ack
erman (wife of I. S.). Beckie Ackerman (wife
of I.H.), Sophie Stelnberger (wife of A.) and
William and Sanford Goldstein to E. S. Gold
stein Company (corporation) same; also lot on
N line of Jackaon street, 89 W of Kearny "W
24 by.S 00, ¦ except • tha following: Lot on N
line of Jackson street, 50:5 W of Kearny, W
24 by N 00; also lot on S line of Post street,
137:6 W of Gough, W 27:6 by S 137:6;. grant.
B-. L. Goldstein Company (corporation) to G.
H. Umbsert & Co. (corporation), lot on-E line
o f MontKomery street, 137 ;6 S of Sutter, S 23
Frank, Charles^ and Antoh Koenig and Eu
genia Joseph to Mary C. Tourtellott. lot on E
MT'b i?l£" t $l0 8tre * t> 87 .- 6 S ~ ot Jac^aon. S
._; Annie and Hazel- G. Montgomery to Eliza
beth A. Rodgers (wife of Arthur), lot on NW
laiTby* w^ 3 V:V$?0 aVenWOrth Stre . et8 ' N
_ Charles R. and'/Ella C. Allen to Margaret
Jm°^ (W i d S. w) 'Jf * on SE Une of Minna street,
200 NE of Fourth. NE 25 by SE 70- $10
Margery Bradley (widow) to Annie McCloud
(wife of Alexander), lot on SE line of Clary
SE -"VoOO 61 ' 275 NE ° f Flfth> NE 37:6 b^
E. B. Pond' to Wells. Russell & Co.'(corpora
tion), lot on NW line of Mission street <M*i tjp*
<" Sixth, NE 25 by NW 90 "XlS deed?: SU
deed) • $1 un§r " t0 same^ same (quitclaim
PiSe^irtlsU 0 - Oration) t 0 H enry
FAMILY RETAIL. MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1902.
13
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1001.
1002.
January 26.
January 27
January 28..... '
January 29.....'
January 30.....
January 31 '. , . .
February 1.
February 2
February 3
February -4;....^. . ;..
February 5. ..........."....
February 6. ...............
February 7
February 8
February 9.....
February 10
February 11..
February 12.
February 13..
February 14
February 15. .....:....*.....
17,600 5,380
16,100 5.170
15,800 4,965
15,500 4.965
14.6OO _ 4.965
14,000 • 4.965
13,100 4,065
12,500 6,500
11,000 4,065
12,800- -- 7,265
24,800 11.90O
15.800 15,800
13.400 41,600
14.300 76.160
12,500 07.920
11,000 144,120
9.800 128,960
9,800 I 103,200
9.800 60.000
14.000 1 54,070
13,700 I SS.6S0
LA GRANGE.
Second Feet. '
TUOLUMNE KIVER A 1
DATE.
1901.
L
1902.
January 26..
January 27.
January 28..
January, 29 ......... i
January 30
January 31..
February 1
"February 2. ...............
February 3
February 4.'.
February 5......
February 6
February.- 7
February 8 ..C'.....".
February 9
February 10 ;
February 11.......... '.
February 12. . i ......... . . .•".
February 13. ; . . ... .........
February 14 : .• .v.
February 15. ........... .".; .
2.000
1.750 -
1,750
1.600 '
1,600
1,600
1,600
1.450
1,450
1,450
13,810
! 6,425
3.840
3.600 - .
3.355
2,705
.2,205
2,090
2,000
2,295 I
3,110 I
300
- 300
,250
300
300
250
300
300
300
300
300
250
300
300
65O
750
. 560
560
500
560
560
KINGS RIVER AT RE
MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1001.
1002.
January 26
January 27. '.."..
January 28
January 29
January 30. ; .
January 31 ...'....:.........
February 1' :.'.'.
February 2...%'...,........
February, 3...:>. ..........
February 4.
February. 5
February *. 0.
February 7...........
February 8....;
February 9
February 10 .;.
February 11
February 12
February 13.
February 14
February 15
1642
1450
1310
1170
1<W6
1036
1240
1036
1036
3600
4680.
2S52'
2450
2242
1930
1738
1642-
1546
1450
1546
1642
i
I
440
4*0
400
400
360
3C0
360
" 400
400
360
400
400
440
440
440
400
440
400
400
400
400
'UL.E RIVER
AT McFA
:LANDS • BRIDGE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1001 '.
1002.
anuary 26
anuary 27....
anuary 28... .'.
'anuary 29 ". .
anuary 30 ...'.........
anuary 31 . ... T. ...:.....'..
February 1..... "...".
•"ebruary 2.
February 3.. ...;..
February 4.
February 5.
February 6. . .V. . . . :
•"ebruary -7
February 8. ....:..........
February -9. ....;...
¦"ebruary 10 ... ..;."...
•"ebruary 11
February 12. ..¦.....'........
rebruary 13;.....
•"ebruary 14 "
•"ebruary 15. .'. .'.'. :¦.;
I
51
61
45
I «
45
45
45
45
45
45
45
51
51
51
51
51
45
.45
45
.61
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1001.
1002.
January 26.
January 27
January 28..... '
January 29.....'
January 30.....
January 31 '. , . .
February 1.
February 2
February 3
February -4;....^. . ;..
February 5. ..........."....
February 6. ...............
February 7
February 8
February 9.....
February 10
February 11..
February 12.
February 13..
February 14
February 15. .....:....*.....
17,600 5,380
16,100 5.170
15,800 4,965
15,500 4.965
14.6OO _ 4.965
14,000 • 4.965
13,100 4,065
12,500 6,500
11,000 4,065
12,800- -- 7,265
24,800 11.90O
15.800 15,800
13.400 41,600
14.300 76.160
12,500 07.920
11,000 144,120
9.800 128,960
9,800 I 103,200
9.800 60.000
14.000 1 54,070
13,700 I SS.6S0
LA GRANGE.
Second Feet. '
TUOLUMNE KIVER A 1
DATE.
1901.
L
1902.
January 26..
January 27.
January 28..
January, 29 ......... i
January 30
January 31..
February 1
"February 2. ...............
February 3
February 4.'.
February 5......
February 6
February.- 7
February 8 ..C'.....".
February 9
February 10 ;
February 11.......... '.
February 12. . i ......... . . .•".
February 13. ; . . ... .........
February 14 : .• .v.
February 15. ........... .".; .
2.000
1.750 -
1,750
1.600 '
1,600
1,600
1,600
1.450
1,450
1,450
13,810
! 6,425
3.840
3.600 - .
3.355
2,705
.2,205
2,090
2,000
2,295 I
3,110 I
300
- 300
,250
300
300
250
300
300
300
300
300
250
300
300
65O
750
. 560
560
500
560
560
KINGS RIVER AT RE
MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1001.
1002.
January 26
January 27. '.."..
January 28
January 29
January 30. ; .
January 31 ...'....:.........
February 1' :.'.'.
February 2...%'...,........
February, 3...:>. ..........
February 4.
February. 5
February *. 0.
February 7...........
February 8....;
February 9
February 10 .;.
February 11
February 12
February 13.
February 14
February 15
1642
1450
1310
1170
1<W6
1036
1240
1036
1036
3600
4680.
2S52'
2450
2242
1930
1738
1642-
1546
1450
1546
1642
i
I
440
4*0
400
400
360
3C0
360
" 400
400
360
400
400
440
440
440
400
440
400
400
400
400
'UL.E RIVER
AT McFA
:LANDS • BRIDGE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1001 '.
1002.
anuary 26
anuary 27....
anuary 28... .'.
'anuary 29 ". .
anuary 30 ...'.........
anuary 31 . ... T. ...:.....'..
February 1..... "...".
•"ebruary 2.
February 3.. ...;..
February 4.
February 5.
February 6. . .V. . . . :
•"ebruary -7
February 8. ....:..........
February -9. ....;...
¦"ebruary 10 ... ..;."...
•"ebruary 11
February 12. ..¦.....'........
rebruary 13;.....
•"ebruary 14 "
•"ebruary 15. .'. .'.'. :¦.;
I
51
61
45
I «
45
45
45
45
45
45
45
51
51
51
51
51
45
.45
45
.61
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 20. 1901.
FROM SAN " FRANCISCO TO MILL .VALLEY
* K Vi? AND SAN RAFAEL. . A * M * £ ' X
WKEK pAYS-6:S5, S :30- II »:30 L'U :00 aj m..
»i-45 3:15, 4:15. 6:15. •6:15, 6:45 p. ax.
EXTRA i TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
al^at S^o'inu^O^r^ 8 •"* S^
"Trains' marked ' (•) run to San Queritin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO8AN FRANcisCO.
InK^ay^a^^an^T^p-^^ 8^-
a tuND\YS^6:15.^00. nO:00. P n i.:« .. „..
•i'4O- *3 - 15 4:45, ••6:30 p. m. ¦ - - , .,
TTains marked (•) start from San Queritin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
-WEEK DAYS-o:45^ 6:45; 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a', in 12:35. 2:45.. 3:50.-5:10. p.-m. • -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Sa^days at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .**'
! SUNDAYS— 8:05, 1 10:05 a. m., 12:05, , 2:ia,
3-30 5:00 6:45 P-ni. •¦ "~. " . ;
3.dO. o.w. "yjjrough TRAINS. :
: 6:55, a. m. 'week, days— -Cazadero and .way
* '-xa.' Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. '' ' ¦¦:.-• •" ¦' '¦ -.*¦..•- .
- 8 :00 a.m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and ' way
gtations. - • ' ¦ / ..
Legal Holiday boata and trains wilt run on
Sunday ' time-" - ¦ ' ;- .** \ "... • . .
NORTH PACIFIC GQAST RAILROAD.
BArLWAY TSAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* Ivnvf ami art* dun l«» nrrlv* «%»
•¦•> MAK IIMNCI.NCO.
(UHn Line. Foot of Market Street) :
LCAVK — FROU FCBBCARY 9. 1303 ¦— " AKklTS
?:00A Bcnicia, Sulsuu, Elmlx* and Sacrv
-memo.;:.. ..*...........,..... 8:33*
<iOOa Vacuille. Winters, Rummy.. ........ 7t33»
• i3oa Martlner, SkuUm.ii.u, Vallejo. Kspa,
Citltat<>i[»sui<lMaiita Uoaa ¦ 0:23p
S:OOA Davis, Wiiodlaud. KnigbU Lauding.
Marjs»ille, »>rovi;| B .. 7:S-1p
N «¦«(»» A tlantk Ktpreu-Ogtleii sad Katt »:23a
Miooa Jfites, Lsthrop, Stockton ~i23y
8:<>O.t Miles, 'JlemloU. HanfcrJ. Visalia, '
lt>cfer*Ule I .. 4:33»
•:3» a Shanta Kxpress— DatU, Williams (for
, , Kartlett Springs*. Willows, Bed
. -• Bluff. PortUnd... 7:S»»
¦i>Oa .Sun Jdub, Hrermore, .Stockton,
lone. .Sacramento. PUerifille,
M*ryii»lll«. Culco, Ke.UMuir 4i23>
diSOA Oakilale,Chinese,8onora, Tuolumne 4i23f
W:OttA Hajwaril, Nllrsand Way Statiout.. I I:-V1*
'.- »i«»a Vallejo I«i23»
' ' WiOOa Los - Angeles - Bxpreu — Murtinex,
Trucjr, Uithruii. riioekkon. Merced
Kremiu ami Los Angeles 7>33.t
9i3OA ValMo, Martinez unit Way Btatloni ?<33r
IOiOWA Tha Oerlaml Limited— Ogdeii, 1'eu-
rer, Omaha. Clilcsgn BtSS*
• l:«Or Muciaitiwnl" Klrcr 8ie*m«M <ll:MOf
SiOOp Iteulcta, Winter*. Hacraineulo.
WiMMllaml. KuIkIiU lauding.
Marri'lUr. "roflll* ««lM»
«>3Or Haynurd, Niles and Way Stations.. 7t33r
4>uur Martinox, Han lUnion. Vallejo,
Nap*. (JitlixtOHH. Santa Itima 9>2-1.V
4tOOr Nile*. LiTermore, Stockton. Loiil... l2<*-*3*
4>a»r Hayward. Nile*. MaiL.I"»e, lirf-rmore tt*>03*
4iSOr The Owl Limited £- Fieano. Tulare. - •' - ",
Bakenflaltl. Maiigua for Sauta Uat-
¦ - bars, Ux AiiKelos Si33«
ftjiiOr Port Ccsta. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 o:33a
OjOOp Martimz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno iai»3»
«:OOf Ila/narii. Nilen ami Han Jo«« 7>33*
t«:O»r V»ll«}« 11:23*
«ioi»r (•riniital »!s!l— O,den. ttanrer.
Omaha. St Louis, Chicago.. 4i23»
7tOttrOr«|fOHSji<t California Kxi>r«M.Hao>
ramnntu, MurjHTille, UtnMlnff,
rortlnml. V»t«l Hnnnil ami Esat 9<3S*
¦lO'lrSan Pablo. Port Costa, Haitian
ami Way gtallous 11i23a
l«iQ.tr Vall>]« 7i»ay
COAST LINE (Xarroif «»B B e).
' . (Foot of Market Street.)
• iJ.Ia Nan>ark.(;>iiitsr«llli' l Ssii.)oae,ir«ltnn, . ¦
lionl.IorCrrek..SaiilaCniraudW»»
BUUuns....: Si8«»
tailar Newark, Can tar fllle. Ban Joi«, N«w
Aluia<l«u. F«lton. IConldar Creek,
Santa C*ua ami Jrluclpal W«j
Stations !••»•*
4il3r Newark, Nau Jose. I.os Gatoa tSi5»4
' <9.3up Hunter*' Train -Stn Jcae and Way
Station ..-• t7.a«>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS msCISCO— 7o«t of Xuket Street (Slip 8>—
t J:15 9:00 11:00a.H. 1:03 3:J3 - 5.lJr.».
fiini01lUll8-fHli.'Br»«iJ««j.-tH:O0 {S;00 t3:0*
10:00i.M. 1S:C3 2.00 i:03r.U.
COAST IilNK (nires4.««>ge).
| '. ' "¦ ' ' (Thlm and Tow nsand Sto.)
O:I»a Bau Joaeand Way JStationa.. ........ «»¦*»*.
, 7:0Oa Han Joss ami Way SUtlnua t9i<M»A,
/7«O«i Neir Altraiion v /4ilO»
SiOOa CoMt Lino Limited — San Jose,
Gu>>y. Salinas, Ssr. Luis ObUpo.
SinU Barbara. Loa Angeles ind
".. ' principal intermediate station*.... !O:43r
tiOOt Han .!..««. Ties linos. Hanta Crux. •
I'Hrllie ««n»Tr, barlaaa. ban T.uis
' Oblapo ami Principal interinedl.ta
.Station* *«!•?
I OUIOa San Jcsemd Way Stations. *|3««
I I:3Ua Han Jims ami Way SUtlnua tt:l«A
1 fSi-tSr flan Alateo. Itedwooil, Mcnlrt Park.
l'ulo Alto. .Santa Clara. .Han .lose.
Tres Pinoe. Santa Cm, Salinas,
Monterey »..<! Tucllio (itor. HO.4S*
»:3Or »an .loss ami Way atatlona. ¦>»<•»>
Hil3r Saii.IiiR«aiiil Principal Way Htatfoiu S<S0y
4 iS Of Sunwt Limited— Mondays, Wedaes-
- days, FricUy». for Los Angeles, El
PPaso. New Orleans and Nsw York.
ArriTes Sunday*. Tuesdays and
Thursdays letlS*
San Jose, Loa Gatos and Principal
Waj Station" t»:OO4
StTtOt 8anJose«n.lPriuclpalW*f8Utloin CiSAp
i «:.l«r fAii.losf ami War .Stations 7i30F
7i«»r New Orleans Eiprem— fian Lull
Obispa Santa, Barbara, Los An-
gelea, D-mlng. El Paso, New Or-
leans and K*at 1 liMa.
Wll«»r Sau Josoamt Way atatlona ¦>1»O»
A for Moniinj. - I* for Afternoon.
t Sunday exeepted. I Snndar only,
t Saturday only. _'_ /Tuesdays and _Trlda|i : _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC,
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to ?an Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips
• at l:5d and 11:30 p. m.-.- ~ • -¦ _^
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to> San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ¦ '
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; ir40, 3:40,
5:05. B:2S p. ra.
Leave . I In Effect I f • Arrive
San Franclaco. |Apr. 2S. 10011 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- | I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination! daya. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm ft :30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25ara
6:10pm 5 :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton, -
T :30am Windsor, 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton,
GeyservlUe,
3:30pm 8t00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10: 25am '
3:30pm »:00am and Ulilah. 7:35pm ft:20pm
"T^bt ~~ 10:40am 10:25ara
• -.. 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00prn g:20 P m
7:30am| 8:00am Sonoma 8:15am 8:40arrt
and ¦
6:10pm' 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am! 8:00am| 110 :40am 110 :25am
3 :30pm [ 5 :00pm I SebastopoL l^iSSpml b:2Opai
Stages connect at Santa. Kosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport
and'Bartlett Springs; at Uklah -for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, 'Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llertey'a.
Buckneirs. Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe.^Orr-a
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Jott Bragg.
Westport Usal. WllliCs, Laytonvllle, Cummlnn.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia-
Saturday "to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
1 sifndays round- trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half ratas. _; . ,
Ticket office. 650. Market street. Chronlcla
building. - -D-B-iv
H. C. WHITING. R- X RYAN.
- . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe >
Trains— Daily.
. Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. .»
~~~~ ~ Local Llm'd Ovrld Local
- Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:19 a 11:45 a 11:10 P 7:18 P
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa 9:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ....:.
•• Vlsalla... 3:39 p ...... 5:00a
"Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20p 7:45a
" Kan City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago.. ...... 2:15 p 9:00 p ......
a for morning, p for afternoon. -
• 9-00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4-20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m." : dally.
- 8 p. m. Is . the Overland ' Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Steepen and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace- Sleeper, which, cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
. 7 :20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln -Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
. Offices — 641 Market street and Jn Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ - ¦ .
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St ¦ San Fran.
9-30 a. 8:00a. _w- „*„&. u.t« * i» 1C0 P. 9:45 A.
¦jasssi: :: Ssr ii "asas
, . 1:15 p. *•¦"; *"*»W* (5:55 r.
' Tkt, SuFraadnto ?«mml« ud1Ulnra.ll. *\
TSokct Ofica, tlX JLUULXt 8THXET tod 8AC3AUI0 IlaiX.
Y^\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLwQ^i 629 KE.IBXT ST. Established
K^flr^SD!^ 1 1* 54 for the treatment of Private
Wl / V.^yjf Dineaaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
IgSKSfttSiAdiseasR wearicgon body and mind and
j|Ka»HSkln Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures whea
tJ^ES^H others fail. Try him. Charges low.
?fraBBB5iBaBC'arg» guaranteed. Callorwrll*
DC 4» JT. tf I BBOX. ban Pranctsco. Cat _
fBJ^_ESTATE^ITV- : FOR_SAI^ : |
r^njtlih and
10 rooms; finished basement; bath, street work
done; cars, passing. _•«.. <-or>d •'-utorv
$7000— Gougb St.. west side, good --story
house; very convenient. i»re«'lot- Tftx
«-<vm^v»i<n« «t north side, large w>i t *wx
uSl^KS &ES- basement house;,?
artistic 2-
«££^-w?ndow f haU 8 room*, bath; street
hituininized- artificial etone sidewalk.
VteOO-lhotwell st...in best portion; large
lot. Soleet front; fine 2-story and basement
.•"IcKbak st.. facing Panhandle; 25x137%:
flni» «&torr attic and basement .house; rented
' 'or $40 » month; street bitumlnized; artificial
stone sidewalk; electric cars passing; easy
te $5250-^Harrison et.. near 6th; double 2-story
• h °S5000— O'Farrell -st. cottage; lot 25x120 to
rear street: 2 frontages; all street work done;
cottage could be moved to rear of lot and flats
' built on O'Farrell st.
$5000— "Webeter-st. cottage of 6 rooms, in fine
location: £5 feet front; cars half a block away;
gtrwt work done."
$ 50 oo__<j OU gh st.; large house of 11 rooms
and bath.- laundry and basement; street and
'sidewalk done; -convenient to town.
$4500 — Octavia et.. in good portion; lot 25x
125; good 2-story and basement house of 7
rooms and bath; cheap.
$1500— O'Farrell Et.; 23x90; fair 2-8tory
. house. 8 rooms and bath.
$3900 — Twentieth et. ; 2-story house, 6 rooms
s nd- bath ;, street work all done;- convenient lo-
cation and in warm belt. * *
r $3600 — Minna st.. downtown; 2-story house:
lot "20x80.
$3000 — Wetmore place, between Clay and
Washington sts.; 6 rooms and bath; rented for
$18 & month; convenient to town.
$2500 — Third ave. ; cory cottage. S rooms and
bath; 25x120.
$2500 — Filbert-Et. cottage; built 5 years; 0
rooms and bath.
$2000— Church Ft.; 5 rooms and bath; all- in
good condition: $335 recently spent for new
plumbing. 6ewer, painting, etc; rent $18.
$2000 — Bay st.; 2-story house; lot 23x137;
close to Hyde st. •
$1750— Richland ave.. In the Mission: 2
houses left; 4 rooms each.
$1400 — Wood st.. near Point Lobos are.; cot-
tage cf 4 rooms; built 3 years.
THOS. MAGEE & SOX. 5 Montgomery st.
$14.000 — CLOSE to Polk et., S3 ft. front: large
house of 14 rooms. 2 baths; close to best resi-
dence district and also close to business
street; fine location lor residence or for doo-
| noOJIS TO LET— Fnrn. arul I'nfnrn.
I SHERMAN Apartment House~2S Eighth St..
I near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
. STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
' Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk Et.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice Eunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phbne. ' . ¦'_
TURK, DOS— Nicely furnished rooms for two
gentlemen; references exchanged. ¦'.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ' ' ' ¦ ¦"
••:''•. ROOMS AWD BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 628.
EDDY. 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny, room;
refined couple or 2 gentlemen: every con-
venience. . .
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High class hotel :fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson'Manslon)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 619— Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
CROCKER. The, 91B Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.: sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, 626, The Irvingdale^-Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
JOHNSON, The, 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
THE CORBIN,- 836 Suttei: — First-class table
board: terms reasonable. Phone Polk 803.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Suite of two rooms unfurnished, ex-
cepting carpets; In modern house; private
family with board; north of Market and east
of Fillmore. Address box 689, Call office.
RUPTURE SAXITARIPM.
RUPTURE CURE — TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1200
Market et.. rooms 6 and 6; new system.
~~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
tor or dentist; house has very, sunny expos-
ure. THOMAS MAGEE & SON, 5 Mont-
rcmery et.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$4000 — COST fSOOO; rood farm of 180 acres.
stock and grain land; 1*4 miles from R. R.
station; house of 6 rooms, 2 barns, under
fence, family orchard: exchange good fur-
nished house same value or other property.
E. E. BUNCE. 852 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AX.AMEPA REAX. ESTATE.
$SC50 — SBW complete cottage of 6 rooms: fine
-location; everjthin^ first-class: lot 50x120;
S1200 cash: terms. J. H. YOUNG. Builder.
1243 Park et.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3750 — FINE 2-e*ory house of 7 rooms; lot 60x
. 156; near U. C. grounds and electrlo R. R.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate,
: ' ' ¦ • ' . Berkeley Station.
$3300— THOROUGHLY well built bouse of 9
roods; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot: street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2H blocks from station and 1
block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate.
/ Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCrrVALB HEAX. ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins rt; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public echopl: furnished cot'
tage cf 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc; ornamental grounds: fruit
orchard; SO minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F- : rent S35 a month] price $4000.
Apply J. R. FEEUD, Kills bunding, or EL
A. PLEITNER, FtnltTate Station. »
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
STORAGE A]VD\VAREHOUSlBSk
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; teL Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Btorage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson -281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the 'Cali-
fornia. Savings and. Loan Society, payable on
and after Friday, February 14. 1902. at the
oflce of the society, Mills building, second
floor, room 28.. ';/•'/
CHAS. D. FARQPHARSON. Secretary.
NOTICE TO COiiTRJ^CTOBS^Otace^ot^the
Veterans' Home of California, room 13, 320
Bansome st., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County. Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 ' therefor (approved March*
26. 1901. Statutes 1901, page 823), and In
accordance with tbe resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901, the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
sealed proposals for furnishing- the materials
and performing the labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital building:, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountville, Napa
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKXAXP REAL ESTATE.
\V*E offer . bargains in dwellings and lots la
Oakland and Alameda; for sale «¦*"! exchange.
HF.AT.V A- CT A T«t £ TH«t «t
County, in accordance with ¦ the plans, de.
ecriptions, bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by-- George T. de Colmesnil. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
sealed proposals will be let,' made and en-
tered Into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
Epeclfications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and S o'clock p.
ro. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of eaid contract
or contracts. : at the office of the paid . di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
OAKLAND FURXITPRE FOR SALE.
nTRNITCRB good and cheap this month. H,
BCHELLHAAfi. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland,
- % KOOMS FOR. HOPSEKEKPIXG.
ARIEL and SOLAR Cats, CsTand 631 TuriTstT;
first class; new blfig.; housekeeping mites.
¦ BELL, -The, 1778 Market — Parlor euite, kitchen,
gas range. $20; also one single, $6.
DEVTSADERO. 436 — Unfurnished rooms,
-. housekeeping-; gas and bath.
. EDDY, 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished room for light housekeeping;
also unfurnished attic for Etudlo.
ELLIS, 685, corner Larldn — Sunny bay-win-
dows, mantel, folding bed; light bousekeepg.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200 — Sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Bay-window;
sun all day; gas stove: folding-bed.
O'FARRELL, 1315 — 2 unfurnished parlors and
kitchen:- bath: also lower floor, S rooms, $15;
1 phone Scott 858.
4 6IXTH, 123%— Nicely furnished double rooms
v cheap, with pas; quiet house; cooking al-
lowed. • ¦
3 FURNISHED rooms; sunny; gas; central.
Box 4026. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE HoteL 234 McAllister— New, elegant
: sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to f 1 per night; SI 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BARTLETT, 631 — 3 sunny rooms partly fur-
'. nlshed for light housekeeping.
BAKER. 1511. cor. Sutter — Two sunny un-
furnlebed rooms (one front); bath.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
blehed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY; 751— Elegant newly furnished sunny
" rooms, with or without board; also house-
k«;eptng suites.
' ELLIS, 321 ( Mozart ) — Nicely f ucslshed rooms.
- «5c, *1 50 night; $1 60, $6 wk.; open aU night.
ELLIS, 418, Tbe Plerpont — Beautifully fur-
nished suite; private bath; eun all day; $35.
EUREKA. S19. near 21st— 2 pleasant unfur-
nished rooms; call bet. S and 5 p.m.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
f 1 per week.
t 225 — Nicely furnished rooms $1 23
"^ per week. ; >:
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single,
transient: baths. Mrs. King; Turk & Taylor.
FULTON. 25. near City Hall— Furnished rooms
to let.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
•ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 7»4. corner Hyde— Elegant furnished
. suite; also single rooms.
GOLDEN' GATE ave.. 425-427— Modern inv
jirovements, with electric lights; hot and cold
water in every room; baths; price from J10
' yto *30. •
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission —
• Family house; those requiring a Quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;suit,eingle;elevat.
GRANT. 245— New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
HYDE. 133 — Nicely furnished rooms; running
water; grate. • . .
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en euite or single.
LARKIN.- «19i4— Sunny front room suitable
two gentlemen; gas, bath and phone; reas-
onable.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private bathe; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, G41 — Hall room; gas; bath; call morn-
- > -. Ing or evening.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms: ?2 a week up; 35c a day up.
. OFARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
i offices: elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' -par-
¦ lor; rooms, per night, 35c to (1 50; week. $2
. to $8; month, ZS to $30; elevator on ground
flocr; room* with hot and cold water; baths.
A2U MnBorae ei., can x< rajicisco. \_ju.
Separate bids 'will be received and separate
contracts let - and . entered into as herein
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of eaid building, erection or structure,
including: the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act' entitled. "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of the State in relation to erection
of buildings" (approved -March 23, 1876,
Statutes 1S75-6, page 427), and the acts
amendatory thereof, that is to say for the
following parts, namely 1 .
First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing Work.
Fourth, for the beating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
slating -work, and * . -
Sixth, for tbe painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications. Including the
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor. • • . ' . . .
The -work is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac II. Small and
tbe buildings and grounds and the hospital
' committees of eaid Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its said' board of
' directors.
A separate contract will be let for as many
different kinds of work as are herelnabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
- or considered unless accompanied with a good
•&nd sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
' If eaid proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or I bidding will duly enter
Into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid, and the plans
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
are hereby made a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home -of California, or to the secretary there-
of, at the office of .- said directors, room 13,
320 Sansome St., in the city and county of
San Francisco, : State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. ra. of the twenty-
second day of March, 1902. which is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
eaid sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made.
If in the opinion of said board of directors
of the Bald Veterans' Home the acceptance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
shall not be for the best interests of the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or pro*
posals opened as in their opinion may be for
the best interests of the State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the said act entitled, "An
act to regulate contracts on behalf of the
State in relation to erection and buildings"
(approved March 23, 1876, Statutes 1875-6.
page 427). or to reject any or all of said
sealed bids or proposals.
For further information and particulars
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, as herelnabove set forth.
By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California. .
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1902. .'- ¦ ¦ •
BEALED PROPOSALS will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Inspector, 404 Safe
Deposit building, San Francisco, Cal., until
12 o'clock m., March 4, 1902, and 'then
opened, for furnishing and delivering provis-
ions and fuel for vessels and stations in the
Twelfth Lighthouse - District for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1903, In accordance with
specifications, copies of which, with blank
proposals and information, may be had upon
application to Cftmmander JOHN B. MIL-
TON. U. S. N.. Inspector. ---,--. ' .
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:- . . ¦, ¦¦•'.-
Thomas J. Howard, 24, 1024% Folsom street,
and Aselpha L. Ellis, 24, Chico. •
Charles M. Reichardt. 24, 306% Octavia
•treet, and Annie U_Feustel, 21. 3153 Twenty-
third: Btreet. ¦ . .-; .
Charles F. Friel, 21,. 989 Ho ward street, and
Esther Hartman, 19, 1316 York street. <
Antonio S. Teixeira, 24, " Decoto, and Maria
A «!e Mattos. 25, Decoto. . .-
Fred F. Bylngton, 39, , Oakland, and L.
Maude Chappell, 24, Provost, Utah. ¦
Joseph E. Gibson, 23, city, v and Emily B.
Whittle. 72, 516 Van Ness avenue.
Joseph Vint,' 28, 1519 Eddy street, and Mary
McCarthy. 21. 1008 Turk street. 1 '
Frank E. Davidson, .IS.: 429 "Jersey" street,
and Anna A. Bennett. 29, 827 Polk street:
Eugene Bascou. l>9, 643 Broadway, anJ
Madeleine Mesnle, 22, C41 Broadway.
Edward J. Steffen*. 2!», 603 Jones street,' and
Freda Maier, 21, • 005 Sutter street.'
BIRTHS-IARRIAdES-DEATHS,^ ;
Birth, marriace and death notices sent- by,,
mail will not be Ineirted.-They must be handed
in at ¦ either of the publication offices and be .
indorsed ¦ with -the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to. have the same published. •
BORN. y
DOYLE— In this city, February 17, 1902. to
the wife of Joseph A. Doyle, a daughter. '
STANGE— In this city, February 18,' 1902, to.
the wife of John E. W. Stange. - a son. . ¦
DIED.
Campbell Duncan McGowan, John
Cregan, John ' McGreevy, John ,
Curran. William O. Renney, Mabel :
. Gilbert, Auguste - Rickard. Mrs. E.'' ,
' Gilley, Elizabeth . Kodgers. Catherine
Grady. William Schwartz, Elizabeth
; Hanigan. Patrick Teach, . Hilda
Hasklns, Marv B. • Webb. Jessie F.
•of her parents. 1816 Lafayette street. ; Inter-
¦ ment Mountain View : Cemetery. , -'¦¦ \ :.i
WHITE-— In thfs city, '; February 19, 1902, Har-
" low Hayden, --.beloved . husband: of Nellie S
.White," and * father of ¦ Jerome . B., Edna - B.
- and Elmer - H< : White, a . native of ¦ Madison,'
"Wis., aged 43 years 3 months and 17 days. :
¦ ' EXFrlends are respectfully. -invltedvto at-
tend the funeral Saturday, at 1 o'clock, from
1 his late residence, . 220 • Ashbury/ street.' be-
V tween ¦ Hayes and Fell. .'¦; Interment private,
"Cypress Lawn ' Cemetery. • : - ¦ ¦••: , : . , -
WOOLMINGTON— The funeral '¦ services for C.
H. Woolmineton will be held in the | chapel
of Odd Fellows'. Cemetery on Saturday, at 3
o'clock. Friends . are . cordially^, invited- to
.attend.. ' - • '¦ .--¦-¦ ¦¦.¦."••.'.'.•
MEMBERS OF THE YOUNG ¦ MEN' S | INSTI- .
tute are hereby I notified to attend a requiem
high mass , at St.' Mary's , Cathedral, .Van I
Ness avenue and'O'Farrell street, .on Satur-
day morning. February 22,'at 10 o'clock. \or
the rvpose of .the souls of all deceased mem-
bers of the,;order.' ¦. • -.'-.. ,'j
Haswell, Lucille White, Harlow H.
Hutchinson, Kate Woolmington, C. H.
La Forge, Marie E. • •
CAMPBELL — In Golden Gate. February 20, ¦
1002, • Duncan, beloved son of the late Dun-
i can and Marsraret Camubell, , and dearly be-
loved brother of Mrs. Mary McLeod and
Mrs.- Sarah Lyon and the late John and
George Campbell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years 10 months and 2 days.
• (Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral Sunday,
from his late ¦¦ residence, 6106 Baker street,
corner Sixty-second, Golden -Gate,; at 1
, o'clock, thence- to connect witH- 2 -o'clock
creek boat. I Interment Laurel Hill v Ceme-
tery, San Francisco. . Friends wishing to at-
tend- may meet funeral cortege at foot ol
Market street on arrival of 2 o'clock creek
boat • • , • •
CREGAN-^In. this city, February 19, 1902,
John, beloved husband of Catherine Cregan,
father of Mary, Margaret, Madeline and
Eileen Cregan, a native of the parish of
Ne'wcastlewest, County Limerick. Ireland, ;
azed 40 years., . . • . • .- - v <
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1123 Treat avenue, thence to St. j
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass 1
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 'o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ ¦ \
CURRAN— In this city, February 20, 1902,
William O.. beloved e^n of Timothv and
Annie M. Curran. and brother of Annie Q.
and Edward J. Curran, Mrs. J. B. Ryan and
the late Frank Curran, a native of San
, Frsncieco, aged 10 years 1 month and 4
days. ¦ ..-' :• . '
CX The _ funeral will take ¦ place to-day
(Saturday), ¦ at S:30 o'clock, from his late
• residence. 2 Verona place, off Third . street,
between Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass Will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross »
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Four-
teenth and Mission streets.
GILBERT— In this city, February 19. 1902.
AuguBte, beloved husband of Jeanne Gil-
bert, and father of William (attorney-at-law)
and Marv' Gilbert, a native of France. A
member of Franco-Americalne Lodge Nc.
207, I. O. O. F.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 23, at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery ave-
nue, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh ami
Market streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of Franco-Americalne
Lodge No. 207, I. 0. 0. F.; commencing at 2
o'clock. ¦ •• ¦ • •. ¦:
GILLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
February 21, 1902, Elizabeth Gllley. a na-
• tlve of Ireland, aged 61 years. •
GRADX — In this city, February 21. 1902, Wil-
liam Grady. beloved husband of M. A.
Grady, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
'47 years 2 months and 10 days. (Liverpool,
England, papers Dlease copy.) * ..
(£7Remalns at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
HANIGAN — In this city, February 20, 1902,
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Hanigan, and brother of John Hanigan,
a native of the parish of Colagen, County
Waterford, Ireland, aged OS years.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from-the parlors
of McFadden, McBr^arty & Green. 1171 Mis-
[ . slon street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high /mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 10
' o'clock. Interment Holv Cross Cemetery, by
: 11:80 o'clock train from Third, and Town-
send streets. " •
. HASKINS— In this city. February 21, 1902,
Mary B., beloved -wife of James W. Has-
klns, and mother of Walter,. William,
Blanche, Stanley/ Lester, Howard, -Albert
and Carroll Hasklns, a native of California,
; aged 3S years 2 months and IS days. ' '
HASWELL— In Oakland, February 20, 1902, at
11 Telejrranh avenue.' Lucille, wife of Charles
1 R. Haswell. and daughter of M. T. and An-
nie Elaey of Carson City, Nev., a native of
Ohio. . . . • .. . .
HUTCHINSON— In this . city, February 21,
1902, Kate Hutchinson, daughter of the late
.'. C. I. and Catherine L. Hutchinson. and'sls-
\ ter.of Fred W. and -Ely i: Hutchinson and
Mrs. John Scott Wilson, a native of Sacra -
- mento, Cal. . - --
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter. -,-;•;•: : .
LA FORGE— In this city, February. 21, 1902,
Marie Elizabeth La Forge, a native of Saint
Germain, Paris, France, aged 66 years.
McGOWAN — In this city, February 21, 1902.
John, dearly beloved eon of Patrick and
Annie McGowan, and brother of Mrs. G. E.
' Parker of Berkeley and Mrs. Annie Curley,
a native of San Francisco, aged ¦ 21 years 3
months and 5 days.
Johnnie has left us — his loss we do deplore.
May- the Lord have mercy on his soul. We
never shall see no. more. ;
FROM HIS FATHER.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 18 Oak Grove avenue, . thence to
St. Rose's Church for services. ' Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
' Monday, at 10 o'clock, at St. Rose's Church.
McGREEVY — In the City and County Hospital,
g February 21, 1902, John McGreevy, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 69 years. •
RENNEY — In this city, February 21, 1902,
Mabel, dearly beloved daughter of John G.
and Inabelle Renney, a native of California,
1 a™ed 3 months. .
RICKARD— In Oakland, February 20, 1902, at-
» 482 Twenty-second street. Mrs. Emma Rick-
ard, mother of Mrs. Florence Campbell, a
native of England, aged 60 years. .
RODGERS — In this city. February 19, : 1902
Catherine A., beloved wife of .William A
Rodgers, a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged
; 56 years. (New York, Boston and Washing-
ton, D. C, papers please copy.) '
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, • at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell street, near Post; Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BCHWARTZ— In this city. February 21, 1902
Elizabeth Schwartz, beloved wife of Henry
¦ Schwartz, aged 74 years and 3 months. • -
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. ;
TEACH — In this city, February 19. 1902
. Hilda Teach,' dearly beloved wife of Elmer
• W. Teach, daughter of Frank and the . late
MarEaret Hofmann. and sister of Emma,
Amelia, Joseph and Max Hofmann," a na-
tive of Germany, aged 26 years 5 months and
8 days. . ; " ¦ r • •¦'•¦¦¦
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respec:-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday -
February 22, 1902, at 10 o'clock, from th»
parlors of Charles J, . B. Metzler, 636 Wash-
ington street, thence to Third and Townsend
streets to 11:30 o'clock train. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
WEBB — In Alameda, February 20, 1902, Jessie
. Fredrica. beloved wife of. Atwel C. Webb
• and daughter of Captain . and Mrs. F. J.
Hunt, a native of England, aged 26 years
and 13 days. .
" C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 23, at 1 o'clock, from, the residence
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannajran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
¦ 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.- :
¦ Telephone South' 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS. •
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. ,
J. HENDERSON, Manager. '¦¦'
NEW FIRM OF L/lMJtirt T AKtRS. .
. ' Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
..the United Undertakers'. Association; M J |
MeBrearty, with the same company for 18
years; P." F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par- *
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.. Telephone South 44.
|p REMOVED!
McGinn Bros.. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 226- McAllister st. '(For-
'¦ merly_pf_jj^_Eddy_at 1 _^_Tcl. South 252.) v - ;
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On and after Feb. ¦ 22, 1902, we will occupy
OUR OWN BUILDING at 1909 Mission St..
bet. 15th and 16th. TELEPHONE MISSION
109. CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO., Funeral
Directors and . Embalmers. ,.' , . -
THE " UNDERTAKERS AND . GENERAL'
public are hereby - notified that ¦ the price for ¦ '
cremation at CYPRESS LAWN : CEMETERY
Is now $10. , "."... • -. -•
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, Ass'n,
1504 MARKET ST?;*
Florist Co.
V< ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. ¦
107 POWELL ST.nearELUS 2££ 5056»ARREAG ADO'S INJURIES FATAL.—Guell
galdo Arreagado. - a machinist employed in the
Union Iron Works, died last Thursday - night
in a sanitarium ¦ on Cole street of injuries re
ceived while at work last Saturday operating
a steam hammer- His skull was fractured.
Piebenburg was held to answer
by Judge Conlan on, a charge of robbery.
He is accused of holding up P. Hauk of
Aiameda on Montgomery street Septem
ber 16 and taking $25 from him. •
Edward Barry was held for robbery by
Judge Conlan. He and two others graboed
Leonhard Frank at Kearny and Post
streets Sunday afternoon, February 2, and
stole his watch. Barry was captured but
the others escaped. ,
Louis Reese, a marine fireman, was held
by Judge Mogan to await trial for an as
sault with intent to commit robbery. Last
Sunday morning he entered the room of
John Fisher, 536% Pacific street, and at
tempted to rob him. Fisher's cries for
help scared Reese away, but he was ar
rested soon afterward. _• • '
Frank Capelll appeared before . Judge
Cabanlss on the charge of assault with
intent to commit ; robbery, preferred by
Jacob Maas, and by consent the case was
continued till next Wednesday. •'¦¦¦ '¦ ~.
Yesterday William Farrelly and Daniel
Odell were arrested by Policemen Peshon
and Silver on warrants sworn to by Maas
charging them with participating In. the
assault on him. Maas claims the men tried
to rob him at the corner of Francisco and
Powell streets early last Thursday morn
ing. ' ' ¦¦ ' -
It was a bad day yesterday in the Supe
rior and Police courts for men charged
¦with robbery and assault with Intent to
commit robbery, one being convicted in
the upper court and three held to answer
in the lower courts.
.F. H. Mack was tried in Judge -Cook's
court on a charge of robbery, and the jury
after three minutes' deliberation returned
a.verdict ot guilty. On the night of Janu
ary 11 Mack and another footpad, wlio
escaped, assaulted E. J. King at California
street, and 'Quincy place, and . after
knocking him senseless stole his silver
watch and chain and a pocketknife. At
the preliminary examination before Judge
Mogan, King failed to appear, but he was
present yesterday and gave his testimony.
Mack will be sentenced Monday.
Silver Watch.
Finds Him Guilty of Rob
bing B. J. King of a
JURY CONVICTS
FOOTPAD MACK
Frost' is under sentence . of one year's
imprisonment in i the County Jail for con
tempt of the order, of 'the -United .States
Circuit, Court of ; Appeals a in. t the .Nome
mining cases.t. After he obtained ;the ] stay
of proceedings s ;. he ; went to s Washington,'
D. C./and was a delighted listener' to i the
debate in Congress • in , which "the .Circuit 1
Court- of. Appeals for -the '.Ninth: Circuit
was the > subject of > criticism • and '.vituper
ation for Its rulings in: the'; Nome cases oh
behalf of the" miners and against the ring
that was" attempting* to loot ; the «mines
under, the protecting wing ; of the -United
States District Court; at ¦; Nome. .'United
States I Marshal Shine ! is \ now - on ; his way
East and ¦ will • bring Frost i back ; to " serve
out his sentence in the County Jail. . .^ .
. It . appearing to . the court ' that on -¦. the i 3d
day -of | February. 1902,'r- an order .-was inad
vertently ; entered ¦ staying, the ; execution', of the
judgment heretofore ; : tiled herein ¦' sixty: days
from date in addition to the* stay : of. thirty
days theretofore allowed, it- is oYdered that -said
order be . and the same | is hereby I vacated, 1 and
the United' States - Marshal ¦. for ' the ' northern
district of.: California • is ! 'hereby directed to
execute said judgment forthwith. • . \
United States 'Circuit Judges I : Gilbert.'
Ross;and. Morrow, s sitting -as .'> the United
States Court:: of 'Appeals, made", the ; fol
lowing order | in ' the matter of
C. A. 8. Frost for contempt: . - ; - ; ;
Circuit Court: of /Appeals Sets Aside
the Order Granting a Stay i ',
. of • Execution^ . "¦ ' ;
r The company .played two years iri Lon
don- and ; one" year at . the r. Herald Square
Theater in ; New ; York, and • is , credited
with • being/one of '.the organ
izations in. this country.'*. ItVwill ; open on
Monday night in "The ' French Maid.'.'
,This wiirbe the^ first time' the; musical
comedy has been produced. in this city.;/;
.^Fischer's; Theater./ has;- been "entirely,
renovated, ;; new : furniture arid carpets
have ; been .. bought; -and',: the > house with
a ' seating capacity -' of -. 1400 ¦ is ! one ' of the
: coziest places .< of ; amusement in < town. "... ¦
¦f ! Messrs. ; :Fischer. and; Friedlanderr will
present , musical comedies,'; burlesques and
extravaganzas > in .rapid v succession • in
their theater. \ They have the manuscripts
and ~, rights , of .producing.i? twenty-eight
musical r comedies, all of /which 'are new
and have never: been produced in this
i city. .:: - ';., - , ,; ¦ r ... ¦ r •;.-¦.-.,-;<.•, ' • ris'/ii?
i, .The, productions will'^be elaborately put
on, the : costumes for "The French Maid",,
i costing; $6500: alone. : .
FKIEBLANDER RETURNS
WITH CLEVER k COMPANY
Organization Will Open at: Fischer's
Theater 'Monday .Evening in
- ' ; "The French Maid.^
.'.¦ S. H.' Frie'dlander, t .'the;, well . known*
theatrical! manager, ' returned! i yesterday
from | New, .York: ; He was accompanied by
the musical [ comedy, company, whichYwlll
open ,- at .• Fischer's . Theater next ', Monday |
.evening.,^ ,'^ .y :-¦;/;¦¦..: ,;.v. :. ; ¦ .-*• ,.
FEOST MUST r NOW - SERVE
: ; ' . SENTENCE ; FOB CONTEMPT
President, W. H. Gibbons; : vice- president '
TChitney Palache; secretai-y and treasurer.
calvert Meade. . ¦ . -,; »-;• • . - ¦ •
ticularly cotton and rice, were referred to
arid .the insurance laws and rules clearly
defined. -The receipts of . the insurance
companies last year aggregated $3,967,305.
as against $168,272 In 1870. Insurance, he
said in conclusion, was an important fac
tor in Texas commercial life. The ad
dress ' was warmly applauded. .
1 J. L. Fuller spoke on "The Rebate
Evil." He advocated legitimate and hon
est, work by field and special insurance
agents, and explained how . the rebate
feature of the business is too often abusei
by unscrupulous agents, who are desir
ous of making money at .the- expense of
their reputation. The speaker counseled
agents to treat the public honorably in
all things, if ultimate success is to be at
tained ¦ • • - • ,- • ••;¦. .
The reading- of, contributions 'to"'' the
"California Knapsack," by George F.
Grant, editor of that journal, occasioned
some amusement. These included numer
ous jokes and witticisms especially of,in
teresttp.the insurance fraternity. (All of
them were devised by Insurance men and
many exhibited considerable • humor and
ingenuity in treatment" and construction.
The matter of arranging for tha prepa
ration of a uniform style of loss blanks
was brought up by '¦ Richard Lockey of
Helena, Mont.', and after some discussion
by C. Mason Kinne and Rolla V.i Watt it
was decided to • refer ;. the subject :'; to - a
committee of three San Francisco . Insur
ance men with instructions '. to 'reports at
the next meeting.'. The' committee, will
be appointed by. the incoming president.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: •, ' - v
THREE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS
OF ; THE FIRE UNDER
WRITERS' ASSOCIATION." .•
¦-A telegram was received from J. W. G.
Cofran, an old member of :the association
now a resident: of Chicago, assuring the
members of ; his undying loyalty, i The
reading of the telegram', evoked cheers.
George D. Dornin Sr. spoke for the elder
members of the: fraternity, and: his .re
marks .were greeted with enthusiastic ap
plause. The ¦ banquet, was in . every way a
success and an/occasion for rare enjoy
ment for all present. ¦ ¦ , -".'. '¦¦¦-
The day's proceedings were concluded
with a banquet'ln' the Maple' room at the
Palaco- Hotel.At 7;30p. m. fully one hun
dred gruests were present, and when Past
President George D. Dornin, who acted as
tbastmaster. called - the- assemblage to
order all entered with' a vim upon the dis
cussion of a rich-menu. The menu card
was strictly -original- and' consisted' of a
form • representing.' ai. policy 'and headed.
"Standard Indigestion : Policy, State of
California." The -courses were
marked -by witty lines, which reflected
great credit upon the banquet, committee.
I It was 'nearly ; 10 .o'clock , when Toast
master Dornin 'rapped for order and* ex
pressed his gratitude that fate had select
ed him , to preside. over so distinguished a
gathering" of : gentlemen. He predicted
great prosperity, for ; the association under
the rule of his successor, and spoke in
general, terms of the work of the associa
tion • during the . past year. His remarks
were greeted with warmth. .
¦'. While they were enjoying their, coffee
and cigars the. association members were
treated to a . rare • display of oratory by
prominent. State officials and insurance
men. The newly elected president, W.H.
Gibbons, was given" an ovation, and. in a
brief address, which he admitted was his
maiden effort. , he - asked the younger
members of the association to assist him
in • the great work tha't lay before him
during the coming year. '"-¦ If rank J.
Symmes,: president of the Merchants' As r
sociation, made a brief but witty address,
and was followed by Samuel Nichols. Sec
retary of the State of Washington and
ex-officio- member; of the Insurance'Com
mission of that State. - Other toasts were
responded to by J. H. Shively. Deputy In^
surance Commissioner of Washington;
W alter ' J. • Ball of , Tacoma. William J.
Dutton, William Sexton; T. C. Van Ness,
1. C. Coogan. Judge H. A: Melvin of Oak
land, Rolla : V. -Watt, James A. Carey, R.
C. Medcraft. J. T. . Fogarty . and T.* J.
Tiedemann.- ' ,-.¦-.¦:;.. ,¦
Insurance t Men 'Enjoy , Banquet.
; Election' committee— W. H.' Lowden 'James
D. Bailey, " Franklin Bangs, Caesar Berthean,
George D.. Dornin, L. B. Edwards, George F.
Grant, : F. A B. Kellam. C. Mason Kinne. D. K.
•Miles, "Whitney Palache, T. Edward Pope. W.
P. v Thomas, , George -H. Tyson. Louis Weln
,mann.., .•¦¦ • '£.:¦'. ¦'.-.: i , ¦ ¦ :• ¦ ¦ k '• . •> . . -
Executive .committee— Herbert Folger' Loul
Welnmann. , , - - , ¦ ; . _ ¦ » . . . • .
The Chiefs of Police of the various
large cities on the Pacific Coast and In
the "Western interior will hold a conyen- 1
tion at the rooms of the Police Commis
sioners in this city, commencing March
4. The convention was to have been called
yesterday, but as the police officials have
to sign salary and expense warrants about
this time -of the month the meeting was
postponed. Chief of Police Wlttman is
making elaborate preparations to enter
tain the visiting police officials. He will
give them a banquet, a trip aroand the
bay and show them the points of interest
in this city. ;,/•¦-:
The object of calling together the head
officials of the various police departments
on the coast is to discuss many subjects
concerning the betterment of police meth
ods. "How to Keep .the Police Depart
ment Out of Politics" will be one of the
principal subjects for discussion.
on the Coast to Hold a
Convention.
Head Officials of All the Departments
POLICE CHIEFS WILL
MEET IN THIS CITY
these was the paper of. A. W.- Thornton
on the subject. "Average Clause, vs. 100
Per Cent Co-insurance . Clause," ; "Little
Drops of Water. Little Grains -of Sand,"
by Charles B. Hill, and "Hazards of Elec
trical Converters t " by j George P. -Low.
Reinsurance Contract! Considered.
The report, of the committee on'reinsur
ance, submitted by Whitney >Palache, P.
B. Kellam and Herbert Folger.-.was dis
cuEsed at length. The' committee ' sub
rritted a" revised form of' the reinsurance
contract," which in its judgment 1 was wor
thy of consideration by ¦ the Insurance
men. and'.it will be" carefully "considered
before final action is taken.' ¦¦•'.•• • "
At the afternoon session i J.' "V.-'Speara
read a paper on the' subject of "Texas."
He said the Californians were under obli
gations to Texas. for the priyiliege of be
coming citizens. Texas . is . nearly twice
as large as California and . enjoys a va
riety of climate as famous to tourists as
that of > the Golden State. Twenty-four
per cent of the territory of Texas, he
said. -is timber land and 800,000,000 feet of
lumber is sawed annually, so that it is
now the third lumber State in the Union.
The great resources of the ¦ State; par-
Fuhrman's allegations were borne out
by the testimony of J. Mclnnes, a stock
broker, who said that Mrs. Daniels had
expressed a dislike for Mrs. Halpin in his
hearing.
Mclnnes* testimony was followed by
that of Miss Eagle, secretary of the'hos
pital s where Mrs. Daniels is now being
treated. She said she has no doubt that
Mrt. Daniels was in the possession of her
senses and also said that the patient had
Improved considerably since she had been
treated there. Dr. McCue, resident physi
cian at the hospital, testified that in his
cpinion Mrs. Daniels was of sound' mind.
The case was continued until next Fri
day.
Attorney Alfred Fuhrman,- attorney for
Mrs. Mary E. Daniels, an " investigation
into whose affairs and mysterious dwin
dling of a fortune left her by her former
husband, John Lowth. now being con
ducted before Judge Troutt, is sums on
behalf of h*s client to have certain d««-ds.
by which Jurs. Daniels conveyed an im
proved lot on the corner of. . Golden Oate
avenue and Jones street to the executors
of her husband's estate for $5000, tet aside,
aside. Fuhrman claims that the house
and lot in Question was a homestead and
that as Bucn it formed no part of the es
tate of Lowth, but became the sole prop
erty cf his wife upon his decease. '
Mrs. Daniels surrendered her interest
•n the uom^tead to the executors upyii
the payment, oi foJOu. and consented to u»«
dismissal oi ner. petition for the iransrer
to her of the nomeeiead.^The ciaifflis
now advanced mat the price sae recei\ea
was muen L-tlow the value of the .prop.-,
erty as it nad been sold several .ames
since UnrUTk oeath it is more tnan liKeiy
that many • iegai entanglements will oe
met wuu beiore tne euit is settled.
The present owner of- the property S3
AValier i-fcati, who bought It from Ed
ward F. Starls. who acquired it by-pur
chase trom JN. K. Hasten. Masten pur
chased the property trom Jose Costa, who
bougnt it trom Thomas Breen and T. 5.
Brew, administrators of the estate, of
Ix>wtn. t>otn tJreen and Brexr are dead,
ana the settlement of the Lowth estate
is still pending in Department No. » of
the Superior Xourt. - -V .-.
The present^ investigation .in Judge
Troutfs court is due to a petition tor
guardianship' papers over tne person anJ
estate of Mrs. ; L>aniels tiled by Mrs. aiar
garet Halpih, who claims that Mrs. Dan
iels is nut ot sound mind. Five years_ago
Mrs. Daniels was worth $20,000.-! All sne
has left to-day is J3S09. Attorney Fuhr
xnan says thai the loss of his client's for-;
lune is'clue to unfortunate realty deals'. r~
Fuhrman opened the proceedings yester
day by describing the relations existing
between Mrs. Daniels and Mrs. Halpin.
He described how Mrs. Daniels lived in the
Mission with a Mrs. Louisa Tanner pre
vious to her removal to the Lane Hospi
tal. He said that before she went to live
•with Mrs. Tanner his client had made
a will in which Mrs. Halpin and Mrs.
Tanner were devisees.
'•She suftered a stroke of paralysis in
October of last year," said Fuhrman.
"and from that time until she was re
moved to the hospital she was not treat
ed right by the two women. One day she
tore up the will she had made and from
that, day she has been made to appear as
an incompetent. She is as sane as I am,
and it can be easily proved. She hated
Mrs. Halpin and Mrs. Tanner and did not
¦want them near i«er."
Attorney Fuhrman Scores Pe
titioner for Letters of
<zuardi3nship.
¦ of more than ordinary interest to
insurance people. - Many of . the best- .
known .insurance men of. the coast, in- !
eluding representatives from. Texas and .
Montana. -were in attendance at the con
vention." Papers bearing upon subject*
Intimately associated with insurance in.
all its phases were read. by. experts in
their several lines. A wide range of topics
of interest, not only to the craft, but to
the public having' business relations
therewith served "to render • the discus- <
sions profitable to the fraternity.' Presi
dent George W. Dornin was in the, chair'
and Calvert Mea-de acted as secretary.
At ' the morning session yesterday sev- S
era! carefully prepared papers : on insur
ance topics were read. Prominent 'among
p*\r^ HE -twenty-sixth .annual; meeting I
II of the Fire nderwriters' . Associa-
I tion of the Pacific came to a close
. IX.' yesterday after a two days' session
Mary E. Daniels Voices
Dislike for Former
Devisee.
by Experts Are .Presented-— Newfy Elected Officers Warmly
Welcomed .by Members at Banquet Given ait the Palace
• ¦ ; ' : - - '¦¦¦'"-' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ... r ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ ¦, ¦ • . .¦ •¦.-.-. ¦¦
Papers of Interest to the Fraternity and General -Public Prepared
EXHIBITS HATRED
FOR MRS. HALPIN
GRAND JURY
URGES ACTION
ON GAS RATES
Asks Supervisors to Com
pel- Uniform Charges
Throughout City;
Suggests Ordinance to Pro
tect Rights of Telephone*
,\ I '¦' ,' . • V ¦ Patrona '¦'"•. [ ' £§ J$
Sends Third Communication Looking
to Prevention of Accidents by
\ Keeping Rear Platforms of
Street Cars Clear.
The Grand Jury took action yesterday
on three matters of great importance to
the ¦ people of • San Francisco. Communi
cations to. the Board of Supervisors were
prepared, urging that . ordinances be "'en
acted compelling uniform gas rates/regu
lating telephone .service, requiring
that the .; rear platform of street ¦ cars be
kept clear of passengers. .
These communications will be presented
at once and early action by- the legislative
body of the municipality is expected.- In
fact, the ordinances which the grand
jurors. had in view have already been
framed. and ; in response to the Initiative
of the Grand Jury they will be introduced
at the regular meeting of the Supervisors
Monday, r It is t believed that a majority of
the Supervisors favor legislation along
the lines suggested in the communications
and that the proposed ordinances' will
meet with very general popular support
and will • be advanced toward final pass
age as rapidly as the requirements of law
will permit. .-'.. .
Uniform Gas Rates Demanded.
The first and most important of the
Grand Jury's communications deals with
the problem of uniform gas rates. It
urges that an ordinance be enacted that
will remove the advantage now possessed
by consumers of gas in downtown dis
tricts and In : other sections where the
force of competition is felt, over consum
ers who are so unfortunate as to be. lo
cated in a district where gas monopoly
holds undisputed sway.'
The proposed ordinance will require
that the lowest rate for gas given to any
consumer must become the general rate
and under its operation it will no longer
be possible for a gas company to charge
fifty cents per thousand on one side of a
street, where, the mains of a competing
company are also laid, and $1 35 per thou
sand; on the., other side, of ' the street,
where it happens to have absolute controi
of the situation. There is also involved
the more important, economic principle
that the public welfare demands that the
residents of- outlying districts be placed
on an equality with those of sections
more nearly adjacent N to the source S of
supply in regard to public or quasi-public
utilities. '¦•';. '¦'¦ ¦".}
The present situation as to gas rates
has been very vexatious to consumers,
and the unlucky householders who have
been forced to pay monthly ga3 bills at
the rate of $1 35 per thousand, the max
imum rate permitted, with' the full knowl
edge that In districts where the cost of
delivery is not ¦ one whit " less consumers
have, had, the advantage of a. 50-cent.rate
simply because V the mains of competing
companies are, laid there, have not been
disposed, to rest quietly. under the burden.
The consequent agitation of the- question
has ; resulted " in '¦¦ the ¦ initiative that was
taken by the r Grand Jury . yesterday,
which promises' to lead to legislation that
will speedily • afford relief from present
conditions.- ¦ ' • . : ¦ .
Switch First; Then the Nickel.
' The, second communication relates to a
matter almost as vexatious and equally
trying" to* the temper if not, to the, purses
of the people. ' \The grand Jurors urge
that the Supervisors enact an ordinance
that; will, compel telephone companies to
furnish value received to the patrons of
nickel-ln-the-slot.- telephones. : They con
sider that no hardship will be inflicted 'on
the corporation if it be required first to
get ; the .switch and . then , demand the
nickel of the waiting patron.- If the pro
posed ordinance be enacted dropping- a
nickel into the Insatiable slot and being
informed that "they don't | answer", will
be a thing of . the • past and •tempers and
purses' will be, spared a' tax that is most
odious. : .'. '¦•¦.'. . '*. '. , . '
The contention of the telephone . com
panies that if the switch is first made
and the drop-a-nlckel demand made after*
ward the patron may refuse' to pay is not
regarded as valid by - the grand jurors.
They hold that the telephone operators
may ; easily - and .without "confusion pre
vent conversation until the nickel has
been . dropped even - though response has
first been had from the other end of the
line. 'It is also urged that party lines
be limited to / six 'subscribers;, to obviate'
the present abominable ' service and fveiE
atious conditions where ten ! subscribers'
are: grouped on one line.
Bear; Platform to Be dear.
The lamentable accident that led to the
death. of ,R/ B. Milroyj late secretary. of
the Calif ornia : Jockey " Club, Inspired the
Grand ; Jury's ' : , third communication. ;; It
calls attention to the .danger to < patrons
of the street railway -companies arising
from the crowding of the rear platforms
of cars. ; : Mr. ¦ Milroy attempted to board
a car. In front of the Palace Hotel. Ordi
narily he .would have succeeded with-per
fect safety/but on this occasion the plat
form t was - crowded and being unable to
get a . footing Mr. Milroy was thrown to
the ground and fatal Injuries Inflicted.
; If. the ordinance framed ; ; In ' accordance
with .the ''- Grand Jury's suggestion be
enacted the conductor of a car will be re
quired to keep the rear platform entirely
clear' of 'passengers 'when the" car is .in
motion,' the conductor > alone '< being per
mitted to occupy that platform. ¦•...¦¦• -¦
Charles Sonntag, foreman of- the Grand
Jury, refused : yesterday . to discuss the
communications v to the Supervisors or to
give further details V, of the ordinances
which. the Supervisors are urged to enact.
FIRE UNDERWRITERS OF THE PACIFIC
HOLD TWENTY-S IX ANNU AL MEETI KG
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JFE]5klJAKy;22 v 19Oa.
14
Ji-'^'* CM, feC<* ' ffJrtSiJM • ' ft-T^ Mr^^ w^^^.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY MONDAY TUESDAY' -
Granulated Best Cane SUGAR, 22SI&S. $1.00
Extra Special. Limit $1.
LENOX SOAP, -8 cakes -25c
Proctor & Gamble's. Heg. 6 for 25c.
TAYLOR Fine Old WHISKEY, Full Qt. .$1.00
Bottled and shipped by "Wright & Tay-
' lor. Louisville, Ky. None genuine unless
their signature la on both labels. Res.
$1 50. A bargain.
JAMS, Purity Erand, 3 cans 25c
Assortment 6 kinds. Keg. 12%c can.
CHO'CE Point Reyes BUTTER, square. -45c
Market has advanced. Reg. 50c.
FINEST CREAMERY, Our Special, square 50c
SANTa[rSa RANCH EBBS, dozen. ..22Vc
BEST e filSSIt)N E66S, dozen 25s
Received dally. .' Reg. 27^&c.
SWEET WIHES, Vintage 1892, .qtbot.. 25c
Port. Sherry. Muscatel, Tokar. Angelica.
' Reg. 40c and 50c bot.
Mocha and Jan, Our Eest COrFEE, lb-25c
Our coffee specials have increased our tr ads
and made friends. Reg. 35c lb.
MEW IMPORTATION TEAS, 6 kinds. . . .40c
Reg. 60c and 75c I'o. . •• - -. ¦
Best L. Bros.' Brand PiCNIC HAMS, la. .10c
Sugar-cured. Reg. 12c.
KEROSENE (STAR) Gil, 5-aal can... $1.05
10c allowed for empty can. Re«r. $1 23 s
Ghlrardalii's Ground Chocolate, Mb can. 25c
* Rer. 80c.
CHOICE FRENCH PRUNES, 5 Ibi..... 25c
Large size. Rer. 3 lbs. 25c.
Baltimore Best Cove OYSTtRS, 3 cans 25c
Pelican Brand. Reg. 12%c.
CHOICE WALNUTS, 2 lbs ,.20c
Rer. 15o lb.
BR0MAN6EL0N DESSERT JELLY, pkg. .IQc
Rer- 15c. • **
KIPPERED HERRING, large can...... 20c
Imported from Scotland. Reg. 23c.
CORN STARCH, 5 Mb pkgs 25c
Reg. 3 pkgs. 25c. r °
SCOTCH Old Vattsd WHISKEY, qt bot. -85c
Mackenzie Royal Blend. Reg. $1 15. < V
Eastern Buckwheat FLOU.l lO-IH sack-.25cr
Extra f pedal. .'Reg. 45c.
1348-1354 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
t.or and Nervine.
The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both s?xe.«.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells. on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRCNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
CB% ' CH!CMC9TCR'S CNGU8H
PEKHYRQVai PILLS
»*\- — fr turn M«H. 1 O.Auo T-i«!mooi»'-. Sold !)»
H«t.«n tut 9«[wr. M«dl»or. Square, PU1 .U FA.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND "WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to (1 50 day;
$5 to *S week: W to $20 month. ¦ Free baths; )
hot and cold water every room: fire grates In]
every room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly CaH,$1.00 per Year
IBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBflBBflBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBB
1 --•¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦'¦.¦¦¦'.¦¦ . ? ag
i WILL PAY 1
\[ M|KsTtem 'Ikx M^^m^Mi^ on a g
1 v PROMINENT THOROUOHFARE. g
! State Full ' Address Box 3827 g
! Particulars.^ . Call Office. |
iBBBBBBiflBBBBBBBBBBBBBIBBflBBBHBBflBBBBBBBBBlS
---.-'- Absolutely. Pure '
Made from erape cream of taktzrU
most highly and. chem-
Care must be .taken to avoid .baking, pow-'
ders'madc from alum. -- Such ppwders are
sold cheap, ] liccausc llicy cost but : a .fewr _¦
cents per pound. Alum b a corrosive acid;
, 'r -which taken infood means injury. to health. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦(¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BlBBIBBIIBaiiaiBBlfllB
I Clearance
g Prior to the arrival of our New Spring Stock we will
B place on sale this morning odd sizes and small lots at 25c
¦ on the dollar. - ; .
S NOTE THE FOLLOWING REDUCTIONS:
g LADIES' WASH SKIRTS, value for $1.00, sale price...25c
g LADIES' COLORED MERCERIZED WAISTS, value
| for $1.25, sale price. . ..... 25c
g CHILDREN'S JACKETS, sale price ;25c
¦ LADIES' FANCY KNIT SHAWLS, former price $1.50.
0 $2.06, $2.50, all prices v 50c
1 LADIES' EMBROIDERED -WOOL WAISTS, formet
m price $5.00, sale price... .......... i ........... $1 .50
g v LADIES' BLACK ETON JACKETS, former price
I $6.00, sale. price $3.90
¦ LADIES' COLORED MERCERIZED SKIRTS, former
H -price $2.00, sale price.. 50c
¦ LADIES' FANCY PLUSH JACKETS, former price
¦ $1 5C00, sale price ....:....:.. $5.00
3 LADIES' WASH SKIRTS, value for $1.00, to close out
g LADIES' COLORED MERCERIZED WAISTS, value
g for. $1.25, to close out at ........... . . . . . . . . . : . 25c
¦ LADIES' FANCY PLUSH JACKETS, value for $15.00,
¦ to close out at $5.00
¦ LADIES', EMBROIDERED CLQTH JACKETS, value
g/ for $15.00, to close out at ......: $5.00
g CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value ' for $1.50, to close
g out at . . . ,. . ........ .". . . 25c
g LADIES' EMBROIDERED- WOOL WAISTS, former
¦.^; price $5.00, will be closed out at $1 .50
g LADIES' COLORED MERCERIZED SKIRTS, former
a price $2.00, will be closed out at. , . . .50c
B LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED TAILORED
g SUITS, value for $15.00, will be cjosed out at. ...$5.00
g LADIES' BLACK ETON JACKETS, value for $7.00,
g^ will be closed out at $3.90
I j. O'BRIEW & GO.
g 1146 Market Street. ;
¦¦¦¦BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB