no_text8Ti«i mark In Chinese hieroglyphics a
unique message something like this: "One
•lay of violet in light blue," or "one day
of primrose in changeable lavender."
This may read like a conundrum to the
uninitiated, but the manufacturer who re
ceives it will understand perfectly— he
knows that for one day of violet he must
set his loom to weave so many yards of
t-ilk. with a. violet design in bud, which the
lair customer wishes for a morning dress.
The design signifies that the sun is not
yet high. Then he knows that he must
change the loom all over again to weave
the same pattern in a full-blown flower
fcr the midday dress, for every well
dressed Chinese woman changes her gown
four times a day. The afternoon or twi
light violet dress will have the violet half
closed and tho evening gown srll! bf course
be symbolized by a tightly closed flower.
The tsame dye of blue will suffice for the
four dresses and the flower is woven in
tho eame shade, so the ivory skinned,
lily footed wearer will appear all one day
in the same shade of blue, yet her dress
will be In perfect taste, for she keeps tab
of the hour and wears the proper weave
at the proper time, thereby defying
criticism of even the most exacting fol
lower of fashion.
of shoes, although these may be all In
one design. Sometimes they axe in color
to match, the gown, but seldom. They
are generally light pink or dainty blue
in color, exquisitely embroidered by
band, in flower, bird, butterfly or con
ventional designs; any color or harmony
of colors may be used In any part of
tho costume except a solid yellow, that
sunny shade being: - reserved for the
robes of royalty. White enters not at
all into the wardrobe, for it Is the Chi
nese mourning. Another divergence In
the Oriental custom from the American
Is the wearing of Jewels. and the dressing
of tht hair.
The Chinese lady may dress her hair
in the most elaborate coiffure with all
tho strings and pearls and riches of dia
monds early In the morning if the fancy '
takes her; she may with perfect pro
priety don all her bracelets and Jade
charms or rings whenever she pleases,
arid it will still be called in good taste. -
Fans play a large part In the Oriental
dress, but they are generally fanciful ac
cording to personal taste, and are not,
like the silks, regulated by the season,
although the poetical idea is sometimes
carried to that extent by the very fas-
¦ ¦ " ¦ "¦.,¦"...
offers much the same opportunity that th«
dawn of Easter does to the American. .
The local tailors, wise In the art of
laying on curls, and furbelows of cording-,
of conceiving:, attractive designs and of
harmonizing shades, are more than busy.
Sharp scissors gleam as ' ; they j snip into
yards and yards of shimmering silk...Ma
chines hum >and sing as the- energetic
operator finishes gussets and seams, lays
in the padding and Bews on a. band of
embroidered lace. But these gowns of the
local dressmaker, shops are to please the
fancy of the merchants' • wives ; only and
of the lesser lights who can afford them,
for the robes of the aristocracy or of the
ing bit of Oriental femininity, the wife of
Consul Yo How.. Although the little lady
adheres- strictly to the edicts of her coun
try, neither calling or receiving. Bending
invitations - nor r accepting , them, like all
the] Chinese ladies of aristocratic .-'birth,
and she remains closely, within the pre
cincts of her-own home, yet in her ward
robe there are dozens' of "the most-charm
ing reception Vgowris Imaginable/elabor
ate court dresses' or full dress costumes,
walking dresses, gowns for morning; noon
and night, all colors and designs.
Although .the cut of .the Chinese gar
ments worn by either sex differs but little
from one decade to. another, the authori
ties have declared a Blight change for this
court dress of Lady Ho. The "royal
patch/' is a solid block of Intricately de
signed embroidery, with varying colors
purple, green, blue, lavender, a dash of
red and a great deal of gold; a band of
gold passementerie trims the edge. In the
very center of the square, resting upon a
eolld embroidery of gold, rests the Insignia.
The bottom oMhe frock matches the yoko
of lavender. The sleeves are of light pink,
with a broad band of embroidered mauve
the color of the waist; the cording at the
bottom of the sleeve Is of black. The
waist is softly padded throughout and is
lined In a royal purple silk. The skirt to
be worn with this is a light buff In color.
A Chinese skirt is an apronllke affair
of two parts — one apron' In front, one in
the back; the sides are opened, although
the voluminous pleats give- an appear
ance of a full, round skirt. A "full dress
is ¦ always ' made with . one hundred tiny
pleats; an ordinary costume is by the
laws of dres3 etiquette regulated to only
thirty. The official skirt has a* panel of
: solid embroidery, a sort of landscape, in
which two deer and some flying 1 birds ap
pear; the bottom Is embroidered, with,
roses, with green and yellow leaves: the
pleats come full on the side, • Altogether
the gown is one - of the most elaborate
ever shown In* this city.
a black spiral in a fanciful half flower
means prosperity, another of different
color happiness, and so on. Superstition
and poetry are so closely woven that it is
difficult to distinguish one from, the other,
but in this instance both are attractive
and beautiful, r
Another pretty gown which eouldbeused
for either a reception or a walking gown
is of dark green, with rows of black satin
bands; designs of black ratin ornament
the waist: the sleeves are of a purplish
shade with a broad border of buff silk;
the edging Is of green, the skirt has a
panel embroidered with a landscape, a
rice field with several flying storks; an
other has embroidered on the skirt n.
basket of fruits, on either side of which
sits a ducks.
Butterflies and chrysanthemums are fa
vorite designs for embroidery, although
an occasional pagoda or teahouse appear
in the walking gowns. The Chinese dresc
for men almost never changes, although
the same rules In regard to observing the
seasons and times of day are carried out
in the woven patterns, of their gowns.
The dresses for ladies of degree are al
ways with skirts; those of the middle
classes or servants are, made with tho
broad trousers
ladles of rank are all imported direct from
China. The last steamer from across the
Pacific brought a consignment of gowns
for some of the local four hundred. The
daintiest of dainty Bilks, all folded In soft
mulberry paper, that smells dellclously
of sandal wood; sky blues, lavenders,
pinks, sea greens and all the beautiful
intermediate shades no one but the Chi
nese seem to have grasped the secret of
dyeing. . ....
A number of N official gowns, or frocks,
as they call them, arrived for that charm-'
- .
1
new century. The beautiful long-flowing
Eleeves of the top garment, or waist part,
are this year much narrower at the wrist,
where formerly an opening: of twenty-four
Inches flopped over the hand, i The width
Is now diminished to about fifteen. The
body part, or waist, has also under* one a
slight— a very , slight— change, that of
taking the. under arm seams a trifle more
deep, and this brings the garment a bit
more snug, across the chest and through
the waist, although to the uninitiated eye
the change la unnotlceable.
The official court dress for Lady Ho
Tow Is one of the most beautiful of this
'year's gowns, a wonderful harmony of
color and Intricate design In hand em
broidery and gold passementerie. The
body of the waist ia the richest of dark
plum, shading to mauve; a lavender yoke
about eight Inches in depth Is edged with
a border. of gold passementerie, on either
side of which is a tiny cording -of black.'
On the front and back of the official gown
ia the significance of rank— a large square
or "royal patch," It is called. The insig
nia for. rank Is placed In the center of this
patch. For first rank It is a pheasant;
the second and third are 'also pheasants,
less elaborated; the fourth rank Is a pea
cock; the fifth is a atork. The pheasant, or
third rank to the highest, is upon tha
Of the reception gowns one of the very,
prettiest Is In chrysanthemum design.
The body of the waist Is of lavendert
broad «larv«« of light pink trimmed wltb
alternate stripes of silvery gray, em
broidered with, white. The body of the
frock Is trimmed with narrow gray em
broidery and Chinese lace to match. Most
of the gowns are made with yokes; the
one In this Is light blue edged with a
cording of pink. The button design on
this artistic creation Is three chrysanthe
mums on one side, a tiny butterfly on the
other; jeweled buttons of pink, lavender
and gray match the gown. A skirt with
panels of embroidered chrysanthemums,
pleats of plain silk, goes with this frock.
Another Is of dark purple, with body
upon which large tulips in black velvet
are appllqued; sleeves of buff, with bands
of indescribable green, corded with tulip
design In black. Green jade stone (lucky
stone) .buttons are on this garment.
The set of reception gowns in white,
pink and blue, with pomegrante design.
is one of the daintiest; the body of the
waist in each of the four gowns Is of the
faintest seashell pink— a yoke of the light
est blue, edged with silver embroidery
and a white cording. Each design for the
clasp of a button has distinct meanings,
readily Interpreted by the Chinese eys—
THE SUNDAY GALL.
ff ANTON Is the Paris of the Orient.
I / the fashion center of that far East
Yi } country of lilies and tea, and from
M"^ that center all the aristocratic Ce
*• lestlals In whatever part of the
world they may be still watch with eager
Interest the decrees put forth by Madame
La Mode, that capricious, fastidious au
thority of Southern China.
The manner of dress In the Orient Is a
most Important one, for It at once deter
mines the rank, the official standing, the
financial ¦worth and the artistic taste of
the wearer. Nowhere In all the world has
the poetry of nature been combined In the
national dress as It Is In the native cos
tumes of that country. The four distinct
seasons, spring, summer, autumn and
winter, also the four divisions of the day,
morning, midday, twilight and night, all
play a most Important part in the fash
ionable attire of the aristocratic Chinese,
for these seasons are all symbolized by
Kome representation of nature, woven in
the fabric, or signified by the design of
trimming. When a. Chinese belle or ma
tron orders a new gown she will dip the
slim little brush in the black, pasty ink
The most serious breach of etiquette a
Chinese lady can commit in dress Is to
wear the wrong flower at the wrong
time of th« day or season — for Instance,
a full-blow^i flower at night or a spring
primrose In winter. For the spring
gowns there is a choice of all the flow
ers In season— the primrose, the violet,
the rose and the young bamboo is often
chosen in its varying developments. In
summer the fashions change; the spring
flower dresses must be laid aside and
their place is taken ty summer flower de
signs. The t-utumn is generally symbol
ized by leaves or chrysanthemums.
For winter the fastidious dresser of
either sex may order gowns all woven
with landscape designs; a solid col
or of dainty buff, pink or blue may
have a pastoral woven In, and here, too,
the four seasons play their part. A
bright spring scene appears in the silk
for the morning gown, summer for mid
day, autumn for twilight and winter for
night The seasons do not, however,
regulate the colors. The gayest or the
most delicate may be used for any sea
son—that part is dependent upon the
taste of the wearer.
An ordinarily well dressed Chinese
woman will have in her wardrobe f at
least fifty gowns and about teu pairs
tidious. Each Chinese lady counts among
her possessions at least three fans for
various occasions.
The Chinese New Tear, commencing the
first week In February, will be ushered in
not only by the boom of a million fire
crackers, the clang of cymbals and punk
burning in houses of worship, but i it wHl
b« welcomed by the gayest of gay attire.
The belles and matrons of San Francisco's
diminutive China will assume their daint
iest silks and richest jewels: their hair
will be dVessed in the most elaborate man
ner, for New Year to the Chinese lady
2
THE CHINESE LADY AND HER NEW YEAR GOWNTHB SUNDAY CALL.
"Regulations concerning precedence of diplo
matic agenta: ' ¦., •
"The rules on this subject which, have been
prescribed by. the department are th« same aa
those contained In the seven rules of the Con
gress of Vienna found In the protocol of the
session of March 9, 1815, .and are in the sup
plementary or eighth rule of the ' Congress of
Alx-la-Chapelle . of . November 21. , 1818. . ; < ;
"Article I. Diplomatic agents are- divided
into three classes: , That , of , embassadors, • le
gates or nuncios; that of envoys, ministers or
other persons accredited to sovereigns; that of
charges d'affaires, accredited to ministers
of /foreign affairs. -.-. ;
"Article Ih ,, Embassadora. . legates or nun-
eloa jonly have the representatlye character. .'
"Article III. Diploma tlo agents of extraor
dinary mission - have not on ' that aooount any
auperlorlty. of ' rank. ; ;, .. ,^ ' v .
"Article; IV..;; Diplomatlo agenta " ahall ; take
precedence in their respective classes according
to the official notification of their arrival. The
present regulation shall not cause any Innova
tion; with / regard to the representative of the
Pope. •¦;' :'- ; * : A V r ' > "; \ ¦ ' , > ••, ':¦¦/, ;
v'l '.'Article V..' A uniform mode shay be deter
mined la each , state- for the reception of diplo
matic, agents 'of 'each class. • : '
'" VArticle '.VI. r . Relations'; of ' consanguinity or
of ': family ; alliance -, between courts ; confer I no
precedence on . their v diplomatic ; agents. < ' The
same rale applies to political alUaaees. :
. "Article - VIL In aeta or . treaties ', between
aeveral i powers which • grant - alternate *: prece
dence '. the I order j which - la * to be '. obaerred ' In
the signatures shall be declared, by lot between
the: mlnlstera. ,.: ; ' -", ; ::.^ l \'\
¦ VIII. : It* is .'agreed that the ; min
isters resident ' accredited < to ; them- ahall ' form,
•with respect ' to s their ; precedence, ; an * Interme
diate class between ministers - of the '¦• aecond
class ; and charges d'affaires.';:.". .¦' , . :
"These '¦ rules"; have • been ; formally or.' tacitly
accepted • by .' ajl ' governments. ' except ; the Otto
man 'Porte," which ."divides * diplomatic rrepre-'
sentatlves into, three classes only, embassadora,
ministers and d'affalrea/T V 'K'lC*^r~
SOCIALiaOSEELOr^ASiilNaTONi'
agnation deeoer under the surface than
it appeared outwardly was the result of
considerable nervousness that followed
the first official function of the season.
That Lady Pauncefote should have led
at the. New Year's reception In' the White
House seems a slight Incident, but .that
It overthrew or waved aside the very,
gospel of Washington society became ap
parent in the not too silent attitude in
which It was subsequently regarded.
But it is all over now. The waves of
the tempest in the samovar have subsid
ed and the bits of lemon float serenely
upon the placid surface of the brewing in
eggshell cups. The new matrons, debu
tantes, daughters and belles may not
have known it, but they need ' never to
have fluttered a single flutter or puzzled
their pretty brains for a moment.
In this glorious country of ours, which
we are proud to call absolutely demo
cratic, and to whose private and. semi
private social functions no rigid lines of
dogmatic court etiquette are known, we
have declared with vaunting vanity the
social gospel of the national capital • Is
made, hammered, riveted and clinched
with fastenings more stern than steel by
the chieftains who surround the Presi
dent. The Cabinet. dictates <and society,
dare not disobey.
More than that, the Cabinet has swayed
its social scepter these many years,* and
is, In its tiirn, compelled to defer to -the
rigidly established rules laid \' down by
court chamberlains in other parts of. the
world, . . c-
QUITE a tempest in a teapot it
v.-as while it lasted, to certain ma
trons, debutantes, daughters and
belles newly launched upon Wash
ington society, and a flutter of
By a Woman in Official
Life at
Aroused by the Fact
That Lady cPaunce
fote Led the New
Year's Reception at
the White House-V- ,'
Cabinet Dictates; So
ciety Daxe Not Disobey
¦ - . .
. | If . Mrs. Senator doesn't know how her
diplomatic! ' guests : are to be placed, - like
as not they will 'attend to "that matter
themselves, ; for they know, • and their
courts Insist that they shall know, just
how; to '. fall In line ; at the • functions. \ . In
order, however, ' that Mrs.' Senator may
not betray her quandary as a novice, she
has ' merely to r read the Cabinet's order
and to consult the diplomatic list, which
is complied by the Department of State,
in; accordance with precedence establish
ed, on the . lines adopted ' at the Vienna j
Congress of 1815.
..'Herr'von Holleben, the German Embas
sador, '«' has had some little difficulty in
explaining . that Lady ' Pauncef ote- -should
have: assumed^ first -place on "the New
Year's reception In the White 'House In
the absence of her husband, the dean et
the Diplomatic Corps. The suggestion
that she occupy the place that Lord
Pauncef ote would hare been In did not
meet-, the approval of 'diplomats, who
would as soon violate an International
law as' the ironclad rules of their social
training and Instruction.
The Idea that the representative of a
country really does represent the rei gra
ins power Is apparently quite forgotten
at times In what we may call our national
desire to have things "go smoothly."
There Is a story told. of a dinner given
in Washington when the wife of the Eng
lish Embassador was taken in by, or.
rather, assigned to , the escort of the
young son of the house, the reason given
being that he was the only "heir appar
ent". Like most of the stories about pre
cedence,' this cannot be verified, but It
serves as a capital anecdote to relate.
It will be remembered that at the ««"te
of ' General Grant's funeral there was a
most serious discussion anent who should
lead, the English Embassador or the Vic*
President, and It was said the only way to
set the difficulty was to let the embassa
dor ride on the hearse.
The rule that the foreign embasaador
who has held his office for th# longest
term of years is the dean, and ranks first,
has simplified matters somewhat, for none
can be found .' to cavil at so practical
a rule. .The rule as to the wife of each
Minister Is carried out In .the same order.
.The rule that an embassador or Minis
ter shall always take in to dinner the wife
of some .' one ; of rank is rarely. ; ever
broken, and another of the Washington
stories' is to the . effect that one dating
young hostess gave a Minister a place be
tween two young and .. pretty girls, and
Continued on Page Pour*
3
PRECEDENCE: THE BURNING TOPIC OF THE HOUR AT WASHINGTONpast; but there still remain the semi
official functions, and In these must the
statute of social precedence be regarded
no less scrupulously* At even a private
livery hostess must needs know her
"Washington" now, for the sharp eyes
that are watching the newly launched es
pecially are very tender books to- h»r
who may Inadvertently "put her foot into
it." Social precedence Is the grammar,
the arithmetic, the algebra of the woman
who would or who must entertain.
"Must", sounds a bit harsh, perhaps, to
the lay mind: but "must" it is, for the
laws of the Medes and Persians were no
more Impregnable than the Inflexible
edict, backed by the Cabinet, to which
even the "First Lady" must yield.
Mrs. Roosevelt must hold just so many
public receptions: the wives of Cabinet
members must entertain at Intervals.
None has dared defy, or will ever one ig
nore this requirement. - '
The formal, official entertainments are
when sharply called to task for having
done so by some of the women present r#»
plied that she thought "the poor man had
had such a hard winter of It without any
fun ehe was unwilling to have him go
back to his court without one enjoyable
dinner, and she had sent for, him before
the dinner and asked him what ae
wished."
second secretary, is elevated In prece
dence. . .- V ;'. .¦""¦¦¦. ;V ':'¦', ' '¦' X
Tf«1r. flirnriT Edmondo 11 ay or del Plan-
ander Zelenoy, second secretary.
Mexico— Senor Don Manuel de Asplros;
First Secretary Don "Jose F. Godoy Is
absent! Benor Don Enrique Bantibane*.
ches: Francesco Carlgnani di Novoll, first
secretary.-'" ¦ : ¦ '•¦¦'.¦. ¦ .-•;¦•¦ ¦¦¦•• ¦•' . ¦¦¦'¦¦
Sweden and Norway— Mr. A. QrlDi Mr.
.,„.,.-. - ¦.-.„...-.-„£
C. Haiiger Becretary of legation. -- * *r< A;
Guatemala— Senor Don ' Antonio ¦ '. Laxo
AiTiasa; Benor Don Jorsro Munoz. on roe-
dal mission. . , '
Austria-Hungary— Mr. Ladlslana Hen
gelmuller .von Hengelvar; Mr. Ludwig
von Callenberff, secretary of legation.
Switzerland — Mr. J. B. Pioda; Mr.
Charles I* E. Lardy, »ecretary of lega
tion.
Denmark— Mr. Constanttn Bran.
Ecuador — Senor Don Lais Felipe C&rbo.
: Portugal— Viscount de 8anta-Thyr*9,
the Minister, being .absent, Senor Lula
Augusto de Moura Pinto d'Azavedo Tav
elra. Charge d'Affalres,. represents him.
Haytl— Mr. J. N. Leger, Haitian Min
ister, Is absent, with his secretary, at the
Pan-American conference/Mexico.
. China— Mr. Wu ; Ting Fang; Mr. Shen
Tung, first secretary.
Brazil— Mr. J. F. de Assls-BraslI is 'ab
sent" His place is taken. by First Secre
tary of Legation R. Reldner de Amaral,
Charge d' Affaires, v ;^
Costa Rica— Senor Don ; Joaqula Ber
nardo'^Calvo Is absent. v ;
Spain— Duke de Arcos Is absent. Senr
Don Juan Rlano is first secretary of lega
tion.; ,..;,;¦; --.¦..,•¦...->;. ; . .-. .. . ; . v :
Nicaragua— Senor Don. Luis F. Corea;
Mr.- : Corry , M. Stadden, Counselor of Le
gation. In . place of [ Senor Don Alejandro
Bermudcz,. secretary of absent.
I Netherlands— Baron W. A. F. Gevers ;
-*Mr,' J. H. Van Roljen, secretary of lera
tion.
• Salvador— Senor Don- Rafael' Zaldlvar
• and hla staff are at the Mexican . conier
r ance,
The Bui'tfnS Qk.estfon of qoiir
Japan— Mr. Kogoro Takahira; Mr. My
dori Komatz, second secretary.
Peru— Mr. Manuel Alvarez Calderon and
First Secretary of Legation Frederic© Al
fonzo Pezet are absent.
Bolivia— Senor Don Fernando IS. Ona
challa, absent; Senor Don Alberto Gutier
rez, secretary of legation.
Persia— General Isaao Khan.
Uruguay— Dr. Juan Cuestas, Second See*
retary of Legation Senor Juan P. Etche*
garay.
Colombia— Senor Don Carlo* Marttnea
SUva; Dr. Thomas Herran,- secretary of
legation.
Korea— Mr. Mlnhul Chb; Mr. Sin Teh
Moo. second secretary.
Argentine Republic— Senor Don Martin
Garcia Mercu; Senor Antonio del "VTao,
secretary of legation.
Belgium— Baron Ludovio Moncheur .la
absent: Mr. Charles C./Wautera. Coun
selor of Legation and Charge d« Affaires.
Slam— Phya AkharaJ Varadhara; Mr.
Edward H. Loftua. , secretary of legation.
Turkey-Chekib Bey; Djelal Munlf Bey,
first secretary.
Vwaezuela-Senor Don August© F.
Pulldo. "
Dominican Republic— Senor Don Fco
Leonte Vaaquez, absent; Mr. Oscar Hutu
linger, in charge of legation,
Chile— Senor Don Eliodoro Infante, first
secretary and. Charge d'Affalre* ad to
tarlm. ; >"• ~
entertainment must the rights of diplo
matists be observed with the nicest deli
cacy. Indeed, in the light of the adequate
means at the disposal. of a hostess for
her guidance, an error In this matter
would eeem to be Inexcusable.
Of course, the "newly launched" are
not supposed to know, offhand or Intui
tively, the exact seniority of service upon
which depends the precedence of mem
bers of the Diplomatic Corps. That they
may learn, the Department of State in
this Government, under which democracy
of social relations Is fondly supposed to
be absolute. Issues a little book for lim
ited circulation among those who may be
called upon to face what would without
Its aid. prove to be a dilemma. \ t
This is the present order of precedence:
Great Britain— The Right Hon. Lord
Pauncefote, G. C. B., G. CM. G.; Mr.
Arthur S. Ralkes; First Secretary.
Germany— Herr von Holleben; Count A.
von Quadt-Wykradt-Isny, counselor of
legation, first secretary of embassy.
France— ML Jules Cambon; M. Pierre
de Margerie. counselor of the embassy.
Russia— Comte Casslnl, master of the
imperial court; Mr. de .Wollant, first sec
retary, being absent, second position in
the Russian embassy falls' to Mr. Alex-
ScctaT Pr<ec$ d <2r|Ce at Was>iTn2*©ii
Continued From Page Three.
"The most painful variety of scalds are
those in which the outer layers of the
¦kin are' destroyed, exposing the nerve
"Miss Hadenfeldt is making a marvel
ously. excellent recovery," said Dr. Stln
son when Interviewed at his office a few
days ago. "She showed great ability to
resist the terrific shock of^ the injury,
and while such a burn or one far less In
extent and depth would have resulted
fatally In a person of less rugged consti
tution* her recovery is nothing short of
amazing. Her temperament Is of that
even, broad-minded type that directly
aids in throwing off the effects of the
burn. She displayed remarkable courage
under her suffering at the time of the
Injury and subsequently at, the surgical
operation.
Courageously she faced the ordeal, and
though there were day* when ah* sank
Into an alarming weakness, due to the
severe shock, Dr. Stlnson says now that
she will not only completely recover her
health and strength, but that there will
not be left a single blemish of the skin
to remind her of the tragio accident.
More than that, he says the skin will be
softer and whiter than ever before, so
that out of a strange trick of fate 'she
will gain even an added beauty.
It .was hard to tell, he said. It would
all depend on how quickly her blood re
sponded to the healing. All her patience
and f ortltude- would be- required^ to avert
the disfiguring scars. She would have to
lie on her left side, the least seriously
jj blistered of her whole body, with her
right arm bound to the finger tips, with
out moving for days and nights.
It .was an awful sacrifice to make for
«o trivial an accident before she had yet
reached the full flush of her charms. To
one who has never been even passably
good looking the thought would be mad
dening enough, but to one who bad
known • a lifetime' of homage for beauty
that was something more than mere mat
ters *of dress and adornment the thought
is unendurable. She heard the question
and the doctor's answer. She asked only
for life. t v
r
beautiful, though each Is of a different
zype,.and the full significance of the ter
rible experience weighed heavily upon
them. ¦ . •; /-, ¦/¦:¦• -. . • '.-¦¦. \ ¦
But her beauty? Would the healing
leave her arms and shoulders scarred and
distorted? Eagerly her sisters asked the
question, for they themselves are both
"It Is generally conceded," says Dr.
Stlnson, "that a burn covering one-third
to one-half of the full surface of the body
will result fatally in from twenty-four to
forty-eight hours." But when the anxious
sisters asked him If she wc-uld live he
answered that she would, . because she
has always had such superb health' and
strength. The sufferer, struggling to con
trol her shaking nerves, heard the words
and smilingly assured them that she had
no doubt of her recovery.
With the exception of her left arm and
her face and part of her left leg there was
not a spot on her body that was not blis
tered from the scalding water.; Only her
courage had saved her face. I
Finally, after what seemed hours to all
three women, |Dr. J. C. Stlnson waa se
cured and responded immediately. • He
gave her an opiate to lull her Into uncon
sciousness, but even the drugs were not
powerful enough to quiet the trembling
body, while he bound her in a filmy gauze
swathed in cotton held in place by oiled
silk.
The oil was quickly brought— a whole
gallon of it— and poured over her quiver
ing body from head to heel, without doing
much to relieve her; but It was not so
easy to get the doctor. The "line was
busy." Another telephone on the floor
above was tried. Dr. Hall, the family
physician, was not in his office. One or
two mere doctors were cayed for, with
like result. The outlook was growing des
perate. Every moment meant not only
excruciating pain, but perhaps speedy
death. ' More oil was poured over the red
dening wounds, until the bed to which she
had staggered was saturated through and
through.
"Get some olive oil, Wanda," she or
dered of her, ycunger sister, when she
could control the agony of her blistered
body sufficient to articulate. "Bertha,
please telephone for the doctor." And
while they ran in frantic hast© to do her
bidding she struggled against the horrible
shock to her nerves to keep from lapsing
Into unconsciousness, j
Even then she did not faint, though her
suffering made her scream with pain.
Coolly enough, she directed all the efforts
that were made to relieve her.
her sisters, almost frantic with the cerro*
of the situation, took hold of herfagain
and raised her to her feet.
The agony of her position is too terriblo
to describe. Any one less powerful and
eelf-reliant would have succumbed at
once. The danger only sharpened her
presence of mind.
•'I thought of Just three things," she
eald afterward in describing her sensa
tions.
?This is a calamity."
"Save your face."
•'Poor little Laura Lambert."
And with these thoughts running
through her brain she struggled to keep
her head out of the seething water, whils
Groping through the haze they grasped
her left arm, the only part of her body
not entirely eubmerged 'In the scalding
water, and dragged her out. When al
most clear of the tub she slipped from
their clutch and fell back again. ,
The bathtub In her home at 1332 Page
street had become full almost to over
flowing with water hot to the point of
boiling. Through the blinding cloud of
steam she fumbled to shut it off. Her
foot slipped on the polished floor, she lost
her balance and plunged headlong into the
tub. Her agonized scream brought her
two Bisters to her aid.
Never before had there been such a re
gal looking Queen of the Mardi Gras in
this city. Tall and statuesque— almost as
tall as the King of the Carnival himself—
with arms and shoulders exquisitely
rounded and a figure cast in nature's
rarest heroic mold, she was the most
striking looking woman in all that long
profession of San Francisco's lovely
women, and right royally, as was befit
ting her station, she reigned over "her
merry subjects, and when the night was
done the fame of it all followed her out
Into the world to Bet the standard for
those who would rival her hereafter. Hers
is indeed a beauty that will create a hlB
tory of treasurable traditions all its own.
And then two weeks ago, by the merest
accident— an accident bo simple that one
•wonders that It could have happened at
all— not only her beauty but her life Itself
was placed In instant jeopardy.
Attired as the Queen of Sheba in robes
of finest texture and rich Oriental color
ing, ornamented with strings of pearls
and glittering jewels and with a hooded
crown of pearls and rubies covering her
dark hair, she rivaled in splendor even
the gorgeousness of her famed prototype.
It Is an honor secretly coveted by many
and proudly remembered by the few who
have had the distinction conferred upon
them. And beautiful queens there have
been before at this big fancy ball, with
which society annually closes the winter
gayety in a blaze of glory before turning
to its Lenten devotions, but none have
created such a furor as Miss Hadenfeldt.
Beauty that won for her the proud dis
tinction cf Queen of the memorable
Goethe-Schiller Festival at the Mechanics'
Pavilion when she was only a girl in her
teens, and beauty that brought her a etill
greater triumph when she was chosen
from out the gay throng of merry mask
ers to reign as Queen of the Mardi Gras
at the Hopkins Art Association two years
ago.
And a notable beauty it is and haa been
since earliest infancy; not the plastic
beauty of mere perfection of face and fig
ure, but the temperamentel beauty that
combines symmetry of form and feature
¦with the expressive moods of the woman
of culture and refinement.
gling •with death, while a
skilled surgeon, aided by the unfortunate
young lady's mother and sisters, has been
fighting to save, not only her life, but
what is far more precious in woman's
eyes, her beauty as welL
WITH her bofly scalded from ncr
throat to her feot Miss Joan Si.
Hadenfeldt. the 'Queen of tho
JIardi Gras," has been strug-
It is this very love of open air exercise
that has made Miss Hadenfeldt, and her
sisters as well, so superbly strong and
vigorous. _, Their beauty Is not of the ar
tificial order. It is built on the nyglenlo
principle of simple living, with plenty of
athletic exercise in the open air—swim
ming, cycling, riding and long walks
through the park and across country.
I>r. Stlnson says they are all three the
most notable examples he has ever seen
of the beneficial effects of a wholesome
regime . combined with systematic train-
Ing of every part of the body. Their beau
ty, he says. Is rof the most substantial
sort and a splendid tribute te the glories
of life in the^Goldea West.
"Oh, but it is agony to be kept a pris
oner in bed this way when one wants t»
be out in the fresh air and sunshine."
"And the pain of It. Oh, It was terri
ble, but scarcely worse than the agony of
having to lie perfectly still all day long
without being able to relieve the tension
of the nerves by changing to a more com
fortable position. This had to be endured
not alone because it was unbearably pain
ful to move, but because there was great
danger that the skin would Buffer fresh
abrasion each time and so Intensify the
wounds that healing would be long de
layed and unsightly scars the Inevitable
result. \\* % : :
"I did not realize until I plunged head
long into the scalding water what Miss
Lambert must have suffered," says Miss
Hadenfeldt, "but then, even while I raised
myself on the finger tips of my right hand
to keep my face from being burned, the
thought flashed through my mind, 'Poor
little Laura Lambert.' I saw the whole
extent and suddenness of her accident
with a vividness that had never been pos
sible before, and perhaps the subcon
sciousnxaa-aX what she had endured and
recovered gave me courage, though, when
I slipped back into the water again I was
almost overcome by the thought that my
face might be
She Is the pretty girl whose hair be
came entangled in a whirling shaft of
the machinery of a candy factory and on
the Instant her scalp, even to the eye
brows, was torn off. It required a whole
year of laborious and delicate skin graft-
Ing from several thousand volunteers to
save her life and cover the wound; but
now under her fashionable artificial coif
fure Laura Lambert Is prettier than ever
before.
remarkabl* that even In the midst of her
greatest danger and suffering Miss Had
enfeldt should have thought of Laura
Lambert, who furnishes a striking paral
lel case of severe Injury.
This Is extraordinary. And It Is no less
"The constitutional symptoms vary
from slight fever in mild burns to prc—
found shock in severe cases, followed by
reaction and congestion, and death may
speedily result from cerebral coma, pain
and exhaustion. /
• "The progress of recovery depends upon
the extent and depth of the injuries. Thus
tha mere reddening of two-thirds of the
surface of the skin will almost inevita
bly result In death, while* destruction of
one-third of the skin 'will almost as sure
ly jjroduce the same result. And yet, with
her body reddened to the color of an In
dian blanket from head to foot and badly
burned all along the right side. Miss Had
enfeldt Is hot only recovering: speedily,
but will not have a scar to show for the
terrible suffering she endured. Hers is a
marvelous constitution; the most remark
able woman I ever saw."
"The lesions that are produced may b»
vesicular or gangrenous. The patient's
sufferings when the scald is extensive
are always extreme. There 13 swelling,
redness, Intense pain, which Is increased
to an excruciating decree on contact with
the air or the dressings whenever the
patient moves.
* - t- * ' -
centers. Th's was In the main the vari
ety affecting Mijss Hadenfeldt.
TBLB j S UND AX OAIili. if-
FIGHT FOR BEAUTY AND LIFE
4f "And > I ! see you" have ' had a wash,", she
¦aid a little enviously, "How spick end
"I wan hunting )> for '• water," he said
humbly, "and have . brought you ; •oma,"
He handed her the flask. -
It was a moment or two before ¦ Boyle
regained > his usual | elastic good jj humor.
Then he : coolly returned to the spring,
'.'washed % himself of - the ' Indian," as ' he
grimly expressed it: to -himself, brushed
his clothes, picked up the shawl and flask
and returned; to the coach. It vu get
ting dark now,, but the glow of the West
ern sky shone unimpeded through: the
windows and the silence gave him e great
fear. .-'He was relieved, however, on open
ing I the i door, ,to I find \ Miss Cantlre sitting
stiffly In a corner. "I am sorry I was so
long,'" he said apologetically to her at
tltude,"but—'" -• • ;. : ; , . .
. "I ) Buppose*' you .took ;youT ' own", time,"
she interrupted. iini',* voice of -;• Injured
tolerance. :^I don't blame you; anything^
better than being .' cooped up in ; this > tire
some stage ;fox •; goodness , knows -how
longiv^ ¦¦:,¦•;, i :¦¦':":. '¦'.>¦/¦'.-. -..; ; ..¦;,'. . .¦ *>;.v - ... :
<¦¦¦'.- ' . ¦ -. '¦ . ¦: ¦ . . ¦ ¦¦ • "
'Neither was there any sign of flight or re
inforcement from the thicket around him.
Again the whole truth flashed lnstinctlve
¦ ly ; upon him. -This spy and traitor had
been left behind by. the marauders to re
turn to the station* and, avert suspicion.
" He : had > been lurking around, but \ being
' without firearms had nofdared to attack
the pair together. >'
of a moving shadow before him close to
the ground, which set the blood cours
ing through his veins.
It' was the figure of an Indian crawling
on his hands and knees toward the coach,
scarcely forty yards away. For the first I
time that afternoon Boyle's calm- good
humor was overswept by a blind and
furlous rage. Yet even then he was sane
enough to remember that a pistol shot
would alarm the girl, and to keep that
weapon as a last resource. For an In
stant he crept forward as , silently ,\ and
stealthily as the savage, and then, with a
sudden bound, leaped upon him,, driving
his head and shoulders down against the
rocks before, he could utter a cry, and
sending the scalping-knife he was carry
ing between his teeth flying r with the
shock from .his battered Jaw.., Boyle
seized It— his knee etlll on the man's back
—but the prostrate body never moved be
yond a slight contraction of the lower'
limbs. The shock had broken the Indian's 7
neck. He turned the inert man- on his
back— the head hung loosely on the side.
But In that. brief Instant Boyle had recog
nized the -"friendly" Indian of the station
to whom he had given the card. ": . '
He rose . dizzily to his feet. The : whole'
action had passed in a few seconds 'of
time, and had not ; even been noticed by
the sole occupant of the coach. He
mechanically, cocked his revolver, but thei
man beneath him : never . moved again.
span you look! But what's the matter
with your necktie?" -. >
.He put his hand ! to\hls neck hurriedly.
His, necktie" was loose ! and had .twisted
to 'one i side In the'; struggle. He ¦ colored
quite as much from; the sensitiveness of
; a studiously < neat .' man as from the fear ¦
of discovery. fVAnd;- what's . that?" she
added, , pointing . to h the shawl, \
: "One of my . samples thatM; suppose.
was turned ; out' of 'the' coach and for
gotten In the transfer," he said glibly. "I
thought It might keep you warm."
. She looked at it dubiously and laid ;tt
gingerly aalde,: | .".You ,don't mean to s%y
you goV about | with, jj such things openly ?"
she said querulously. ./ . ,'
v VYes," "one" mustn't ,, lose a chanced of
trade,, you .know,'^ he resumed with a
smile.;-;' ' '¦.'¦;¦¦ ¦'!¦¦¦'. .¦¦'- '¦;•;.-: . ¦/-»"; "¦ , " .;¦-. .'..
> "And^ you haven't found this. Journey
very r profitable,"^ 'she eald drily. '." You
certainly are devoted .to your, business I"
After a pause, discontentedly: "It's quite
night already— we '/can't alt .hero • In ,the
dark.".;-'.;..- .'-J^,--... lv>- ' ? ¦'¦¦ - '¦' '>'¦•' '\ ; ' < ': " :¦-'¦¦'
."We can 'take one of- tho coach lamps
inside, ' I've .been, thinking the • matter
over, and I . reckon It i we .leave " one , Ugh t
outside / the '. coach "It ' ; may" guide . your,
friends back.".- He had considered It. and
believed- that the : . audacity :of the act,
coupled 'with c the knowledge the Indians
must have of 'the .presence of the soldiers
In ' the 5, vicinity ,i would ;: deter rather than
Invite their approach, y.- ' • ;v
have had a hand in this— whatever It is."
"Our men?" repeated Boyle, blankly.
"Yes!— troopers from the post— the, es
cort I told you of. These are the print3
of the regulation cavalry horseshoe — not
of Foster's team, nor of "Indian ponies,
who never havesany! Don't you see?"
she went on eagerly, "our men have got
•wind of something and v have galloped
down here— along the ridge— see?"- she
went on, pointing to the hoof prints
coming from the plain. "They've antici
pated some Indian attack and secured
everything." -: ; ;^ * j&
"But if they, were the same escort you
spoke of, they must have known you
were here, and have—" he was about to
say "abandoned you," but checked him
self, remembering they were her father'^
soldiers.
"They knew I could take care of my
self, and wouldn't stand in the way of
their duty." said the young girl, antici
pating him -with quick professional pride
that seemed to fit her aquiline nose and
tall figure. "And If they knew that."
she added, softening with a mischievous
smile, "they also knew, of course, that
I was protected by a gallant stranger
vouched for by Mr. Foster! No!" she
added with a certain blind, devoted con
fidence, which Boyle noticed with a
slight wince that she had never shown
before, "it's all. right! and 'by orders,'
Mr. Boyle, and when they've done their
v.crk they'll be back."
But Boyle's masculine common sense
•was, perhaps, safer than Miss Cantlre's
feminine faith and inherited discipline,
for In an instant he suddenly compre
hended the actual truth! The Indians
had been there first; they had despoiled
the coach and got off safely with their
booty and prisoners on the approach of
the escort— who were now naturally
pursuing them with a fury aroused bv
the belief that their commander's
daughter was one of their prisoner?
This conviction was a dreadful one, yet
a relief as far as the young girl was con
cerned. But should he tell her? No!
Better that she should keep her calni
faith in the triumphant promptness of
the soldlers-and their speedy return.
"I dare say you are right." he said
cheerfully, "and let us be thankful that
m the empty coach you'll have at least
a half civilized shelter until they return
Meantime I'll go and reconnoiter* a
"I will go with you." she said
But Boyle pointed out to her so strong
ly the necessity of her remaining to xvait
for the return of the soldiers that be
ing also fagged out by her long climb
she obediently consented, while he. even
with this inspiration of .the truth, did
not believe in the return of the despoll
ers, and knew she would be safe.
A few steps into the thicket brought
him full upon a realization of more than
his worst convictions— the dead body
of Foster! Near it lay the body of the
mall agent. Both had been evidently
dragged Into the thicket from where
they fell, scalped and half stripped.
There was no • evidence of any later
struggle;- they must have been dead
when they were brought there
Boyle was neither a hard-hearted nor
an unduly sensitive, man. He was sorry
for these two men, and would have
fought, to have saved them. But he had
no Imaginative ideas of death. His one
thought was of the unsuspecting girl
sitting In the lonely coach, and he hur
riedly dragged the bodies further into
the bushes. In doing this he discovered
a loaded revolver and a flask of
spirits, which had been lying under them,
and promptly secured them. A few
paces away lay the coveted trunk of
arms and ammunition. their , lids
wrenched off and their contents gone
He noticed with a grim smile that his
qwn trunk of samples had shared a like
fate, but was delighted to find that,
while the brighter trifles hatl attracted
the Indians' childish cupidity, they had
overlooked a heavy black merino shawl :
of a cheap but serviceable quality it
would help to protect Miss Cantlro ffpm
the evening wind, which . was already
rising over the chill and stark plain. It
also occurred, to him that she would
need water after her parched •_, Journey,
and he resolved to look for a spring, be
ing rewarded at last by a trickling^ rill
near the ambushed camp. ... But he had
no utensil except the spirit flask, which
he finally emptied of Its contents and re
placed with pure water— e heroic sacri
fice to a traveler who knew the com
fort of * stimulant He retraced his
steps, and was Just emerging from the
thicket when hla Quick eye caught sight
She brightened considerably with the
coach lamp which he lit and brought in
side. By its light she watched him cur
iously. His face was slightly flushed and
his eyes very bright and keen-looking.
Man killing, except with old professional
hands, has the disadvantage of affecting
the circulation. But Miss Cantlre. had
noticed that the' flask smelt of whisky.
The poor man had probably fortified him
self/from the fatigues of the day.
."I suppose you are getting bored by
this delay," she said tentatively.
"Not at all," he replied. "Would you
like .to play cards? I've got a pack in
my .pocket. We can use the middle seat
as a table, and hang the lantern by the
window strap." •
They played euchre, at which Miss Can
tire cheated adorably, and Mr. Boyle lost
game after game shamelessly. Then once
or twice Miss Cantire was fain to put her
cards to her mouth t to conceal an apolo
getic yawn, and her blue-veined eyelids
grew heavy. Whereupon Mr. Boyle sug
gested that she should make herself com
fortable in the corner of the coach with
as many cushions as she liked and the de
spised shawl, while he took the night air
In a prowl around the coach and a look
out for the returning party. Doing so, he
was delighted, after a turn or two, to find
her asleep, and so returned "contentedly
.to his sentry round.
'He 'was some distance from the coach
.when a low moaning sound in the thicket
presently Increased until it rose and fell In
the prolonged howl of wolves. He was
hastening back when , a cry, this time
human and more terrifying, came from
the coach.. He' turned toward It as Its
door flew open and Miss Cantlre [ came
rushing toward him. Her face was color
less, her eyes wild with fear, and her tall,
slim figure trembled convulsively as she
frantically caught at the lapels qf his
coat, as If to hide herself within Its folds,
and gasped breathlessly;
'.•What Is It? Oh, Mr. Boyle, save me!"
" : "They are wolves,'' he said hurriedly.
"But there Is no darfer; they would nev
er, attack you: you fere safe where you
were; let me lead you back."
.But she remained rooted to the spot,
still clinging desperately to his coat. "No,
no!". Bhe said;. "I dare- not! I heard that
awful cry in "my ¦ sleep. Ah! What's
that?" and "she. again lapsed in nervous
terror against him.
Boyle passed his arm around her.
promptly, firmly, masterfully. She seemed
to .feel the implied protection and yielded
to it gratefully, with the further break
down of a sob. "There .Is no danger." he
repeated cheerfully! "Lean on me," he
contlned, as her step tottered; "you will
• be better In the coach."
"And .you won't leave, me alone
again?V she said in hesitating terror.
."No!" '
He supported her to the coach gravely,
gently— her master and still more his own
—for all that her beautiful loosened hair
was' against his cheek and shoulder, its
perfume In hla nostrils, and the contour
of her lithe and perfect figure against his
own. He helped her, back Into the coach
—with the "aid of the cushions and shawl
arranged a reclining couch for heron the.
back seat, and then resumed his old place
patiently. By degrees the color came
back to her face— as much of It as wa*
not hidden by her handkerchief.
Then a tremulous voice behind It began
a half-smothered apology." * o
"I am so ashamed, Mr.' Boyle— I really
could not help ltt - But It was so sudden
—and so horrible— I shouldn't have been
, afraid of it had It been really an Indian
'with a scalping knife— instead of that
beastt I don't know why I did It— but I
Was alone— and -. seemed ' to be dead— and
you were",dead, too— and they w«re com
ing to eat mel They do, you know— you
:»ald so Just now! Perhaps I was dream
lne. I don't know what you must think
of me— I bad no idea I waa such a cow
ard!" , .; . '¦'':>
' But Boyle protested Indignantly. He
was sure If he had been asleep, and had
not known what wolves were before, he
i would have been equally frightened.
\She must; try. to 'sleep, again— he, was sure
she could— and he would not stir from
•the coach until she waked; or her friends
! came.' .
' Bhe grew quieter presently/ and took
away the handkerchief from a mouth that
smiled, though : lt still quivered. Then re
action began,' and her tired nerves
brought her., languor and finally repose.
/Boyle *': watched the shadows thicken
9 around her long lashes until they lay »oft-,
•ly'ori the faint flush that sleep was bring
ing to her cheek; her delicate lips parted,
- and ; her quick breath at last came with
the regularity of ¦lumber. .'' ¦
'So she. slept, end he. sitting silently op
posite ' her, dreamed— the old dream that
Pert H — Concluded.
(Copyright. 19CL by Bret Harte.)
«^TT SMILE rtole across" Miss Cantlre's
[ I oval cheek.
f | "I really brlieve you're afraid of '
\. I something, Mr. Boyle," she pa'.d
JL without looking up. "What Is It?
Tou haven't got that Indian scare, too?"
' Beyle had no false shame. "I think t
have." he returned with equat frankness.
"Tou see, I don't understand Indiana as
¦well as you — and Foster."
"Well, you take my vrord and Foster's
that there Is not the least danger from
them. About here they are merely grown
up children, cruel and destructive, as most
children are; but th*>y know their masters
toy this time, and the old days of promis
cuous sca.lnir.ff nr# over. Th* only, other
childish propensity they keep Is thlevin«.
Even then they only steal what they
actually want— horses, guns and powder.
A coarh can go where an "ammunition or
an emigrant wagon can't. So your" trunk
of eairples is quite safe with Foster."
Boyle did not think It necessary to pro
test. Perhaps he was thinking of some
thing clee.
"I've a mind." ebe vrent on slyly, "to
tell you something more. Confidence for
confidence: as you've told me your trade
eecrcts. I'll tell you one of ours. Before
we left Pine Barrens my father ordered
a email escort of cavalrymen to be in
readiness to Join that coach if the scouts,
*rho trere -watching, thoypht It necessary.
So you see I'm something of a fraud as
rega.rd.9 my reputation for courage."
"That doesn't follow." said Boyle, ad
miringly, "for your father must have
thought thcr* tva* som* danger, or he
wouldn't have taken (hat precaution."
"Oh. It wasn't for me." said the young
girl, quickly.
"Not for you?" repeated Boyle.
Miss Car.tire stopprd short.' with a pret-
Jy flush of color and an arforabl* laugrh.
"There! I've done it: So I might as well
tell the whole Ftory. But I can trust you.
Mr. Boyie." She fnced him with clear,
penetrating ryes. "Well." she laughed
again, "those Innocent looking heavy
trunks on tjje coach contained carbine?
end cartridges from our post for Fort
Taylor" — she man> him a mischievous
courtesy — "under my charge!"
"And they were In this coach?" repeat
ed Boyle, abstractedly.
"Were? They are!" said Miss Can
tlre.
"Then the sooner I get back to your
treasure apaln the better," said Boyle,
with a laugh. "Does Fester know It?"
"Of course not! Do you suppose I'd
tell It to anybody but a stranger to the
place? Perhaps, like you, I know when
end to whom to impart information," she
eaid. mischievously.
They walked on for some moments In
silence. The ascent was comparatively
easy but devious, and Boyle could see
that this new detour would take them
still some time to reach the summit. Miss
Cantire at last voiced the thought in his
own raind. "I wonder what Induced them
to turn off here. And if you hadn't been
so clever as to discover their tracks, how
could we have found them? But." she
added, with feminine logic, "that, of
course, is why they fired those shots."
Boyle remembered that the Bhots came
# from another direction, but did not cor
rect her conclusion. Nevertheless, he
said lightly, "Perhaps even Foster might
have had an Indian scare."
"He ought to know 'friendlies' or 'Gov
ernment reservation men' better by this
time,' Eaid Miss Cantire; 'however,' there
Is something in that. Do you know." sha
added with a laugh, "though I haven't
your keen eyes, I'm gifted' with a keen
scent, and once or twice I've thought I
smelt Indians; that peculiar odor of their
camps, which is unlike anything else, and
which one detects even in their ponies. I
used to notice It when I rode one; no
amount of grooming could take it away."
"I don't suppose that the intensity or
degree of this odor would give you any
Idea cf the hostile or friendly feelings
of the Indians toward you?" asked
Boyle grimly.
Miss Cartire deigned to receive this
¦with a smile, at which Boyle, who was
a llttie relieved by their security bo far.
and their nearness to their Journey's end.
developed further ingenious triflling until,
at the end of an hour, they stood upon
the plain again.'
There was no sign of the coach, but its
fresh track was visible leading along the
bank of the ravine toward the intersec
tion of the road they should have come
by, and to which the coach had indubita
bly returned. Boyle drew a long breath.
They were comparatively safe from any
Invisible attack now. At the end of ten
minutes. Miss Cantire, from her superior
height, detected the top of the missing
vehicle- appearing above the stunted bush
es at the Junction of the highway.
"Would you xnlnd throwing those old
flowers away now?" she said, glancing at
the gpolls which Boyle still carried.
**Why?" he asked.
"Oh. they're too ridiculous. Please do."
"May I keep one?" he asked, with the
first Intonation of masculine weakness in
Ills voice. _•
"If you like," she said, a little coldly.
Boyle selected a small spray of myrtle
end cast the other flowers obediently
aside.
"Dear me, how ridiculous!" she said.
"What is ridiculous V he asked, lifting
his eyes to hers with a slight color. But
he saw that she was training her eyes in
the distance.
"Why, there doesn't seem to be any
horses to the coach!" ; «":
He looked. Through a gap in the furze
be could see the vehicle now; Quite dis
tinctly, standing empty, horseless and
alone. He glanced hurriedly around
them! on the one side a few rock* pro
tected them from ttie tangled him of the
rlage; on the other stretched the plain.
"Sit down, don't move until I return."
he Bald, quickly. "Take that." He hand
ed back her pistol, and ran quickly to the
coach. It was no Illusion — there It stood
vacant, abandoned— Its dropped pole, and
cut traces, showing too plainly the fear
ful haste of Its desertion! A light step
behind him made him turn. It was Miss
Centire. pink and breathless, carrying the
cocked weapon Ip her hand. "How fool
ish of you— without a weapon," she gasp
ed In explanation.
Then they both stared at the coach, the
empty plain end at each other! After
their tedious ascent, their long detour,
their protracted expectancy and their
eager curiosity, there was such a sug
gestion of hideous mockery In this va
cant, useless vehicle— apparently left to
them in what seemed their, utter, aban
donment— that It Instinctively affected
them alike. And. as I am writing of hu
man nature. I am compelled to eay that
they both burst Into a fit of laughter that
for a moment stopped all other expres-
Elon! "¦>.;.
"It was so kind of them to leave the
coach," eaid Miss Cantire faintly, as she
took her handkerchief from her wet and
mirthful eyes. "But what made them run
awayT'
Boyle did not reply; he was eagerly
examining the coach. In that brief hour
end a half the dust of the plain had
blown thick upon It and covered any foul
Ftaln or blot that might have suggested
the awful truth. Even the soft imprint
of the Indians' moccaslned feet had been
trampled out by the later horsehoofs of
the cavalrymen. It was these that
flnst attracted Boyle's attention; but he
thought them the marks made by the
plunging of the released coach horses.
Not fo his companion! She waa exam
. lnlng them more- closely, and suddenly
f lifted her bright, animated face. "Look!"
, she eaid- "Our men have bees here, «-nfl
DICK BOYLE'S BUSINESS CARD
>'t *".';. " : — ->;
comes to most good men and true once In
their llvps. He scarcely moved until the
,dawn lightened with opal the dreary plain,
bringing, back the horizon and day, when
he,: woke from hl3 dream with a »!gn and
then a laugh. Then he listened for the
*!oun<! of distant hoof.3, and hearing them,
crept noiselessly from the coach. A com
pact body of horsemen were bearing down
upon it. He rose quickly to meet them
*nd throwing up h!n hand brought theta
to a halt at some . distance from tha
coach. They spread out. resolving them
selves Into a dozen troopers and a smart
cadet-like officer.
- *rif you are seeking Miss Cantlre," he
said in a quiet, business-like ton*, "she
¦'" .'inlte safe in the coach and asleep.
Sh» knows nothing yet of what has hap-
P*>n?d and believes H la you who hav«
taken everything away for security
. acalnst an Indian. attack. She has had a
pretty rough night— what with her fa
tigue, and her alarm at the wolves — and t
thought it beat to keep the truth from her
as lonp as possible, and I would advise
you to break It to her irently." He then
briefly told th© story of their experiences,
omitting only his own personal encounter
with the Indian. A new pride, which was
perhaps the result of his vigil, prevented
him. * .. >.o;
The young officer glanced at him with
ns much courtesy. as might be afforded
to a civilian Intruding upon active mili
tary operations. "I am sure Major Can
tlre will be preatly obllsed to you when
he knows It." he said politely, "and as
tv«» intend to harness up and take tha
conch back to Sago Brush Station lrame
«li?itcly you will have an opportunity of
telling him."
"I am not'goinc brick by th^ coach to
Sa?e Brush." said Doyle quietly. "I have
already lost twelve hours of my time—
us well 'as my trunk— on this picnic, and
1 reckon the least Major Cantlre can do
1* to let me take one of your horses to
the next station In time to catch tha
down coach. 1 can do It. If I set out at
vnce."
Boyle heard h!s name, with the famil
iar prefix of "Dicky." ptven»to the officer
by a commissary sergeant, whom he rec
ognized as having met at the agency, and
the words "Chicago drummer" add«l v
while a perceptible smile went through
out tha group. "Very well, sir." said the
officer, with a familiarity a shade less
respectful than his previous formal man
ner, "you can take the horse, as I be
lieve the Indians have already mads fre©
with your samples. Give him a mount,
sergeant." . _-/ e ,>
The two men walked toward the coach.
Boyle lingered a moment at the window
to show him the figure of ,Mlss Cantlre
ntill peacefully slumbering among her
pile of cushions, and then turned quietly
away. A moment later he was galloping
on one of the trooper's horses across tho
empty plain. •
• •¦•.• • * • ? •-
Miss Cantlre awoke presently to the
sound of a familiar voice and the sight
of figures that she knew. But the young
officer's first words of explanation—a
guarded account of the pursuit of the
Indians and the recapture of the arms,
suppressing the killing of Foster and th«
mail agent — brought a change ' to her
brightened face and a wrinkle to her
pretty brow. "But Mr. Boyle said noth
ing of this to me," she asked, sitting up.
"Where is he?"
"Already on his way to the next station
on one of our horses! Wanted to catch
the down stage and get a new box of
samples, I fancy, as the braves had
rigged themselves out with his laces and
ribbons. Said he'd lost time enough on
this picnic." returned the young officer.
with a laugh. "Smart business chap; but
I hope I don't bore you."
Miss Cantlre felt her cheek flush, and
bit her lip. "I found him most kind and
considerate, Mr. Ashford," she said cold
ly. "He may have thought the escort
could have Joined the coach a little earlier
and saved all this, but he was too much
of a gentleman to say anything about it
to me." she added dryly, with a slight ele
vation of her aquiline nose.
Nevertheless, Boyle's words, as reported
by the young officer, stung her deeply. To
hurry off, too, without saying "good-by"
or even asking bow she slept. No doubt
he bad lost time and was tired of her
company, and thought more of his pre
cious samples than of her! After all, it
was like him to rush off for an order.
Sha was half-Inclined to call the young
officer back and tell him how Boyle had
criticized her costume on the road. But
Mr. Ashford was at that time entirely
preoccupied with his men around a ledge
of rock and bushes some yards from tha
coach, yet not so far away but that she
could hear what the sergeant was saying.
"I'll swear there was no dead Injln here
when we came yesterday I We searched
the whole place, by daylight, too, for any
sign. The In Jin was killed In his track*,
by some one last night. It's Ilka Dick
Boyle, lieutenant, -to have done It, and
like him to have said nothln' to frighten
the young lady. He knows when to keep
his mouth shut— and when to open It!"
Miss Cantlre sank back In her corner as
the officer turned and approached the
coach. The incident of the past night
flashed back upon her— Mr. Boyle's long
absence, his flushed face, twisted necktl*
and enfqrced cheerfulness. She was
shocked, amazed, discomfited— and admir
ing! And this hero bad been sitting oppo
site to her. silent all the rest of the night.
"Did Mr. Boyle say anything of an
Indian attack last night?" asked Ash
ford. "Did you hear anything?"
"Only the wolves howling," said Miss
Cantlre. "Mr. Boyle was away twice."
She was strangely reticent— in compli
mentary Imitation of her missing hero.
"There is a dead Indian here- who has
been killed," began Ashford.
"Oh. please don't say anything more,
Mr. Ashford," Interrupted tha young
lady, "but let us get away from this hor
rid place at once. Do get the horses In.
I can't stand it."
But the horses were already harnessed
and .mounted, postilion- wise, by the
troopers. - Tha vehicle was ready to
start when Miss Cantlre called "Stop!"
When Ashford presented himself at
the door the young lady was upon her
hands and knees, searching the bottom
of the coach. "Oh, deart I've lost some
thing. I must have dropped It on the
road," she said, breathlessly, with pink
cheeks. "You must positively wait and
let mo go back and ,'. i It. I won't ba
long. You know there's 'no hurry.' "
Mr. Ashford stared as Mfss Cantir*
skipped like a schoolgirl from the coach
and ran down the trail by which she and
Boyle had approached the coach the night
before. She had not gone far before aha"
came upon the withered flowers he had
thrown away at her command. "It mtut
be about here," she murmured. Sudden
ly she uttered a cry of delight and picked
up the business card that Boyle , had
shown her. Then she looked - furtively
around her, and, selecting a sprig of myr
tle among the cast-off flowers, concealed
It in her mantle and ran back, glowing,
to the coach. "Thank you! All right,
I've found It." she called to Ashford with
a dazzling smile and. leaped Inside.
The coach drove on, and Miss Cantlr«
alone In Us' recesses drew tha myrtla
from her mantle and folding it carefully
In her handkerchief, placed It In her reti
cule. Then, sh* drew oat the card, read
Ita dryly practical information over and
over again, examined tha soiled edges,
brushed them daintily, and held It for
a moment, with eyes that saw not, mo
tionless In . her hand. Then she raised
It slowly to her lips, rolled It Into a
spiral, ' and, loosening a hook and eye.
thrust It gently into her bosom.
And Dick Boyle, galloping away to •
the distant station, did not know that,
the first step toward a realization of hi*
foolish dream had been taken,
fTHB END.}
,¦ L '¦*£:*; ¦¦'-.- 'V'/l " .
THE SUNDAY LCALL.
5"•WHICH I WONT BE TOOKI' SATS SILVER PHIL ALL FLTTSTEBED."
any I would be onderstood as allodin 1 to
affairs of purely social kind, an' not to
robberies, hold-ups, hoss-larcenies, an'
other an' sim'lar 'transactions in coldly
spec-latlf crime when every gent defends
his own. Speakln' social, however, I re
asserts that by every roole of guidance
I'm entitled to the first shot. Which a
doo regyard for them plain rights of mine
would go far to f reeln' Wolfville society
that a-way from them bullets which oc
curs from . time, to time ' an' which even
the most onconventlonal admits Is shore,
a draw-back. All I can add as a closer,'
concloods Jack, 'is that I'll make haste
to ,open on any sport who transgresses
these yere fiats, an' g-oes to shootin' first.
Moreover, "it's likely said offender finds
that once I'm started, what I misses in
the original deal, I'll make up in the draw,
an' I tharfore hopes an' trusts that none
will - prove so soolcldal . as to put me to
the test' .
"This yere Bird Cage Op'ry . Rouse
evenin', however, Jack is absent a whole
lot. ¦" Dan Boggs Is present an' ' Is leanin'
back, appreclatin* the show an' the Val
ley Tan a heap impartial. Dan likes both
an' is doin' 'em even Jestice. Over opp'
site to Dan is a drunken passel of sports
from; Red Dog; said wretched ' hamlet
beln' '¦ behind Wplfvllle. in that as in all
things else— not ownin' no op'ry house.
"As the evenin' proceeds— it's about
sixth drink time— a' casyooal gun g-oes off
over among the Red Dog band, an' the
lead thar from , bores a hole in the wall
clost to Dan's y'ear. . Nacherally Dan
don't like it i The show sort o* comes to
a balk with the shot, an* takin' advan
tages | o' ' the ; lull, Dan rises In a listless
way ' an' addresses . the Red Doe outfit.
. *"I: merely desires to inquire,' says
Dan, "whether that shot - is inadvertant,
or a mark of innocent Joobilatlon ah* ap
proval of the show, ear Is It meant per
sonal to met**
; " "You can bet your moceasina !*- shouts
one of the Red Dog delegation, thar's no
good fellowship goes with that gun-play.
That shot's formal an' serious, an' shore
foes aa it lays.'
" 'My mind bein' now 'cl'ar on that sub
ject of motif,' says , Dan, ".the \ proper
course' is plain/ •
"With this yere retort, Dan slams away
ten'ral— shoots into' the flock like— at
them picnickers from Red Dog,- an*, a
party who's plenty drunk an' had hia
feet piled up on a table goes. shy his off
bie toe. .
"As I remarks yeretofore, it's as well
Jack Moore ain't thar. Jack would have
corraled something more momentous than
a toe. Which Jack would have been
shootin' in his capac'ty as Marshal, an'
wouldn't onder | sech circumstances have
stooped to toes none. But it's different
with Dan. He, of course, Is present pri
vate an' merely idlin' round; an', he ain't
driven to take sech high I ground. ..More
partic'lar, since Dan's only playin" a re
turn game, that a-way, all in the nacher
of reproofs , an' to resent said onllcensed
liberties them Red Dogs takes with him.
Dan is free to accept toes If be « so de
cides. . -. •....- ;•"-;," ¦;¦¦•-¦¦ v .. •.
"When. Dan* busts this yere inebriate,
the victim lams loose a yell 'gainst which
even a coyote would protest. This sot
thinks he's shore killed. What with the
scare, • an* the pain, an* the nose j paint,
an* regyardln* himse'f as right then flut
terin' an* fritterln* about the rim of eter
nity, he gets seized with remorse an' 1 al-'
lows he's out to confess his sins before he
quits. As : thar's no sky j pilot, to j confide
in, this drunkard flggers Peets'll do, ; an'
then he onloads on Peets that, bein'- as
he Is a stage bookkeep. over In Red Dog,
he's in ca-hoota with a outfit, of . routo
agents, an', gives .'em the, word", when It's"
worth, while -te stand-up the stage.' ;: An*
among others, this terrified person names
that little outlaw Silver PhiL 1 ; V" .
* "Shore, when he ¦ rounds to, an' learns
that It ain't nothin' but a toe, this party's"
plumb chagrined to deaths . v ¦ '
"This yere confldin' Bport's arrested an'
taken som'ers— Prescott* mebby— to be
tried in a shore-enough co't for them rob
beries; the Red Dog- Strangle™ not bein'
tam< ' to butt in with a lariat . an' : banr
him a" lot themse'fa. ' They surrenders
him \ to 5 the Marshal who • rides over, for
him ; an' ' they ' : would * have turned < out
Bllver . Phil, too,, 'only that small: -black
outcast don't wait: none, but roe* aquan
6erln'., off to onknown ollm«« the mo
ment he hears the news. ¦. He's quit t Red
Dog before ever, this yere i penitent J book
, keep ceases yelpin' ¦ an' sobbin* > over that
absent toe. •
¦ "It" ain't no time, though. \ before , we
hears further^ of Silver Phil; " that ; is, , by
.way of roomer. ; It looks like a couple of
big cow outfits some'ers - { over, in ] the : San
Simon country— they're I the 'Three-D' an'
, the '.'K-In-a-box' brands— takes h first : to
, stealin* each other's cattle an' ; final . goes
to war. Bach side retains a passel of
murderers an' proceeds buoyantly to lay
for one another a whole lot. Which Silver
Phil enlists with the *JThree-D' an* sneaks
an' prowls an' bushwhacks - an' shoots
himse'f into more or less bloody an' ig
noble prom'nence.. At last the main war
chiefs of the Territory declar's in on the
riot, an' chases both' sides Into the hills,
an' among the other excellent deeds
makes captif Silver PhlL . '<<¦ ' N
"It's a great error they don't string this
yere Silver Phil instanter. But no; after
the procrastln' fashion of -real law, they
permits the little villain— who's no more
use on the surface of Arizona that a-way
than one of the rabid hydrophoby pole
cats whose bite I is ; death— to get a law
sharp- to plead for; him an' call for a
show-down ' before ; a Jedge an' Jury. It
takes \ days to try Silver Phil, an' them
marshals ' an' . sheriff gents is two weeks
squanderln* about,* g-ettin'.. witnesses; an'
all to as much trouble, an' loss of time
an' dinero as would suffice - to round-up
the cattle of Cochise County. "Enrlght
an' "the Stranglers would have turned. the
trick in . twenty minutes, an' " never left
the New York store until with Silver Phil
an* a lariat they reepairs to the windmill
to v put the flnlshin' touches on their
labors. >
"Still, dooms slow; an' shiftless as they
shore; be, ; at the wind-up : Silver. Phil's
found 'guilty a whole lot, an" is put In
nom'nation by. the presiding alcalde to ¦ be
hung; the time bein'; set in a crazy-hoss
fashion for a month away. ; As Silver PhU
-^which he's'so bad an' hard,.; he comes
mighty' clost to bein' game— is , ; leaving*,
,the \ co't : room with [- the . marshal \ who's"
ridln' herd on him he says: '*-
1 " /I ain't payln*. much attention at the
time,'_ Sliver Phil's talkin' to that mar
shal 'gent. . 'bein' I'm thinkln' ¦ of some
thing else, : but do I • understand that old
pray sport on the bench -. to say you-all Is
to hang me next month?'
¦'; . ?'. 'That's whatever V • assents this; yere
marshal gent, 'an' you can gamble a bio©
stack that ¦ hangin' you Is ' a • bet we : ain't
none. likely to overlook. Which we're out
to put : our whole ¦ grateful souls Into that
: dooty.' ;- •.* :¦-;- --¦¦-¦ : \'~'\\'i : : '¦ •• ;
" 'Now -I .thinks :of it, observes Silver
Phil,". 'I'm plumb '¦ averse to bein' hungJ I
reckons, speakln' free an' free as between
fellow sports.* that in ! order for that exe
cootion-to.be a blindin* success,, I'll have
I to \ be thar personal ?'
¦y ".'It's , one of < them, mighty few o'ca
'sions,' responds i the marshal, ¦ 'when your
:• absence would -'shorely" dash an'; damp
:the gen'raljoy. •; As you says, you'll have
to be thar a heap when said hang-in' oc- j
curs.*' . ,~ -¦',¦¦.¦-. c
"Tin plumb sorry,' says Silver Phil, c
that you-all lays out your game so that
so much depends on me. The more so «.
since .the longer I considers thla yere v
racket, the less likely It : la I'll be thar.
It's almost a cinch, with the plans I has, a
that I'll shore be some'ers elS8.' . .' . ( r
"They corrals Silver Phil in the one big • j
upper room of a two-story 'doby, an*
counts off- a ! couple of dep'ty marshals c
to,, gyard him. These gyards. - comin* ¦ j
quar* down to cases, ain't no im- p
provement, moral, on Silver Phil himsef; |,
an' since they're twice his age— Silver i
Phil not bein' more'n twenty— It's safe a
as a play to say that both of 'em oughter j,
have been hung a heap before ever Silver i :
Phil is born. These two hold-ups, how- g
ever, turns dep'ty marshals In their old T
age, an' as I states, j is put to stand a
watch an' watch, an* see that Silver Phil
don't work loose from them hobbles, an' E
TO pirootin' oft ag'in into parts onknown. -\
Silver Phil Is loaded with fetters— hand- i
cuffs an' laig-locks both— an' these yere t
hold-ups sentries is armed to the limit. B
"It's the Idee of Doc Peets later, when a
he hears them details, that if the gyarda t
that time treats Silver Phil with kind- t
ness, this little felon most likely would i
have remained to be hung. But they t
don't: They abooses Silver Phil a heap; _
cuss in' him out an' jam in In" him about a
like he's cattle. They're shore a evil- t
tempered couple, them dep'tiea, an' they t
don't give. Silver Phil no sort o' peace. p
"'As I su'gests yeretofore,' says Doo
Peets, when^ he the case, 'this I
Silver Phil la a degen'rate. He's like a
animile. He don't entertain no reg'lar I
scheme to work free when he waxes sar- s
castle with the marshal; that's only a s
bluff. Later, when them gyards takes to
maltreatln' him verbal, and battln' him c
about, it wakea up the venom in him an' r
his cunnin' gets aroused along with his r
appetite for revenge.' . ' c
"This Silver PW1, who's lltttle an' lean i
an' slim, like I explains at the Jump, has t
hands no bigger than a cat's paws. It i
ain't no time when he discovers, by cut- e
tin' himse'f some on the irons that he
can shuck the handcuffs whenever he's J
disposed. Even then, he don't outline no t
campaign for liberty; Jest sort o' roomi- I
nates an' waits. J
"It's one partic'lar mornln*. some two 1
weeks 'after Silver Phil's sentenced to be 1
hung' that a-way. The marshal gent him- i
se'f ain't about none; bein' on some dooty i
over to Tucson. Silver Phil is upstairs on 1
the top floor of the 'doby with his gyarda. 1
Which he's hotter than a wild cat; the . !
gyards an' him's been havln' a cussln* 1
match, an' as Silver Phil outplays 'em
talkln', one of 'em haa done whacked him <
over the skelp with hl3 gun. The blood'a <
chasin' down Silver Phil's fore'erd as he :
Bits glowerin*.
"One of the gyards is loadln* a 10
gauge Greener gun— a whole mouthful of i
buckshot in each shell. He's grinnln* at
Silver Phil sarcastic as he shoves the
ehella in the gun an' slama her shet.
" 'Which I'm loadln' that weepon for
you,' says the gyard,'co..templatln' Silver
Phil plenty derisive.
" 'You be, be you!' replies Silver Phll r
his eyes burnin* with rage. 'Which you
better look out a whole lot; you-all may
get It yourse'fs.' ,
"The''gyard laughs, ugly an*, exaspera
tln' and then puts the 10-gauge in a lock
er along with two, or three Winchesters.
Then he turns the key on said firearms
an' goes caperln' off to his feed.
"The other gyard, his compadre, la set
tin' on a stool lookln' outen a window.
Mebby he's thinkln* of his sins. It would
be more in his hand at this epock if he
. thinks of Silver PhiL
"Silver Phil, who's full of wrath an' rage
at . the taunts of that departed gyard,
slips his hands free of the irons. ,Most of
the hide on his hands comes with 'em,
but Silver Pbll don't care. The gyard's
back Is to him where he slta gazln* out
an' off along the dusty trail, where it
winds gray an* hot toward Tucson. Silver
Phil organizes, stealthy an' cat-cautloua;
he's out for the gyard's gun where it
hangs from his belt, the butt all temptin'"
an! su'gestive.
"As Silver Phil makes his first move,
.them laig-locks clanks a little. It ain't
louder than the jingle of two centouse
knockin* together. It's enough, however;
it strikes on the y' ear of that thoughtful
gyard like the roar of a '44. Which he
emerges from that reverie with a start;
the play comes cl'ar as noonday .to him
in a moment.
"The gyard leaps without even lookin'
round, to free himse'f from Silver. Phil.
Which he's the splinter of a second too
late. Silver Phil makes a spring like a
mountain lion, laig-locks an', all, an'
grabs the gun. As the gyard goes clat
terin' downstairs. Silver PhU pumps two
loads into him an" curls him up at the
foot. Then Silver. Phil hurls the six- '
shooter at him, accompanied with a vol
ley of mal'dlctlons.
"Without pausln' a moment. Silver Phil
grabs the stool an' smashes to flinders
that locker that holds the 10-gauge Green
er. He j\ln't forgot none; an' he's plumb
locoed to get eald partic'lar weepon for
the other gyard. He rips It from the rack,
an* shows at the window Jest as his prey.
, comes runnin' to the rescoo of his pard:
" 'Oh, you I Virg Sanders!' yells Silver
Thil. .
"The second syard looks up; an' as he
does, Silver Phil gives him both bar'ls.
Forty-two buckshot;! an' that gyard's so
clost he stops 'era all! As he lays dead,
•Silver 'Phil breaks the Greener in two,
an' throws, one after the other, stock an'
bar*l at him. - ,
: " -Which I'll show you-all what happens
' when you loads a ran for met' says Sil
ver PhiL ; v
' "By now thi» yere artillery practice
turns out, the entire plaza. The folks is
standln' about the 'doby which confines
Silver Phil, wonderln' whatever that en
thooslast's goln' to do next. No, they
don't. come after him none, an' I'll tell
you why. Shore, thar'a "twenty gent* ,
leckin' on, any one of whom, so far aa
personal apprehensions is involved, would
trail Silver Phil single handed that a-way
into a wolf's den. Which he'd feelplumb
confident he gets away with Silver Phil
an' the wolves thrown in to even up the
odds. Still, all the same, no one stretches
forth to capture Silver Phil on this yere
voylent o'casipn.^
"An' these yere is the reasons. Thar's
no reg'lar offlshul present whose dooty It
Is to rope up .this Silver Phil. If B ech
had chanced to be thar, you can put down
a stack he'd a-come runnin'; an' him or
.Silver Phil would have caught up with
them two 'gyards on their Journey over
'Into the beyond. An'. next, when It comes
to private .people volunteerin' for dooty
as marshals, folks in the Southwest goes
'some slothful to work. Thar's friends of
the accoosed— an* as a roole he ain't none
f rlendlesa— who latter ml«ht : likely re
sents sech zeal." Also, in the case of Sil
.yer Phil, his captivity, grows out of that
.cattle war. More'n half of the public, to
-far as it stands about -the 'doby where
Silver Phil is hived • '.that time.' la 'Three-
D' adherents. Mebby the other. is'K-in
a-box*' folks ; ' mebby they're nootral a
whole lot. , "Whichever way,- however,
thar's a tacit stand-off : an' never a sport
• of Jem lifts'a finger or voice to head off
Silver Phil. fttf^Tlp (l 1ffW![iftl!llTii|l
" 'Which she's the Inallen'ble : right of
Americans, onder the constltootlon, to es
cape with every chance they gets,* say*
"one.
" That's whatever.' coincides his pard;
•an* moreover this yere ain't our round
up, nohow.*
"It's that a-way. these private citizens
adjusts their dooty to the State, while
pausln' in a sperlt of cur*osity for Silver
Phil to make his next move.
"They don't wait long. Silver Phil
comes out on the roof of a stoop in front.
He's got a Winchester by now, an.* he
promptly throws the muzzle tharof on a
leadin' citizen. Silver Phil allows he'll plu?
this dignitary some if they don't sent up
a sport with a file to cut loose them lalgr
locks. Which the pop'lace, full of a warm '
Interest by this time, does better. They
gropes about in the warbags of the sharp
who stops that buckshot an' get? the keys,
an' Silver Phil is free.
"Still, this ontirln' hold-up goes- on
menacin* the Jeadin* citizen aa former.
Which now Silver Phil demands a bronco,
bridled an' saddled. He gives the public
ten minutes; If that desired bronco is still
absent Silver Phil allows that he'll Intro
dooce about a pound of lead into where
that village father does his cogltatln'. The
bronco appears with six minutes to spar*.
Then this vivaciou3 Silver Phil jumps off
the roof of that stoop— the same bein' low
—an' is In the saddle an* out o* sight while
as . practiced a hand as old Hugging Is
mebby pourin' out a drink. Where the
trail bends 'round a mesa Silver Phil
pulls up.
"'Whoop! whoop! whoopee! for Silver
Phil,* he shouts.
"Then he waves the Winchester an? as
he spurs 'round the corner of the hill, it's
shore the last that spellbound outfit ever
sees of Silver PhiL ~"
"Nacherally, now, son,'l remarked my
old friend, aa he refreshednimaelf with a
mouthful of Scotch, and then in further
mood to be comfortable, cut oft the end
of a perfect©, "you-all Is waitin' an* try
in* to guess wherever does Dan Boggs
that a-way get in on this yere deal An*
it won't take no time to post you; the
same bein' a comfort.
"Not one word do we-all Wolves of
Wolfville hear of them divers an* sundry
adventures of Silver Phil— shootin' up his
gyarda an' fetchin' himself free— ontil •
long after. No one in Wolfville's got Sil
ver Phil on his mind at all; at least iff he
has, he deems him safe an' shore In hock
a-waitin* to be stretched. Considerin*
what follows, I never experiences no
trouble in adoptln* Doc Peets' arguments,
that them thrillin* episodes wherein this
Silver Phil flggers sort o* corrodes at
his intellects ontil he's absolutely locoed.
" 'Beln' this Silver Phil's a degen'rate,'
declar's Peeta explanatory; 'he's plumb
easy to loco. His mind as well as his
moral nacher is onbalanced congenital.
Any triflin" jolt, much less what that Sil
ver Phil runs up on, is shore to overset
him/ &%*pi v
"Now that Silver Phil's free, but locoett
like Peets says, an' fretted no doubt by
them tantalizin' gyards. it looks like he
thinks of nothin' but wreekln* vengeance
on all who's .crossed his trail. An" with
vengeance eatin' at his little crim'nal
heart, he p'lnts that bronco's muzzle
straight as a - bird flies for Wolfville.
Whoever do you-all reckon now " he
wants? Cherokee Hall? Son, you've fol
lowed off the wrong wagon track. Sliver
Phil — Jest Imagine the turpltoode of sech
a ornery wretch — Is out for the ha'r of
Faro Nell who detects him in them hoss
ha'r frauds that time.
"Which the first news Wolfville has of
Silver Phil, after that escape, is one
evenin' about fifth drink time, or, as
you-all says, 'four o'clock." The sun's
still hot an' high over the west. Thar's
no game goin' ; but bein' as it's aa con
venient thar as elsewhere, Cherokee's
settin' back of hia box with Faro Nell on
her lookout stool, as usual. Dan Boggs
is over across In the dance hall door; an*
as it befalls, his pet best bronco, is
waitin' saddled in front. Hot an* drow
sy; the street, save for th tse. Is deserted.
"It all takes place in a moment. Thar's
a clattterin' rush; an* then, pony amuck
with sweat an' alkali dust. Silver Phil
- shows in the portals of the Red LlffhL
Thar's the flash an' smoke, aa she fires
his sis-shooter straisht at Faro NelL
"Silver Phil is quick, but Cherokee is
quicker.' Cherokee sweeps Faro Nell from,
her perch with one motion of his arm an*
the bullet that's searchin' for her Jiat lift*
Cherokee's ha'r a trifle where he 'most
gets hia head in Its way.
"Ondoubted, this Silver Phil allows he
c'lecta on Faro Nell aa planned. He don't
shoot twice; an* he don't tarry none; but
wheels his wearied pony, gives a yell, an*
goes chargin' off.
"But Silver Phil's got down to the "turn -
of that evil deal of hia existence. He ain't
two hundred yards when Dan Bogrgs 1* In
the saddle an' ridln' hard. Dan's bronco
' runs three foot for every one of the
pony of Silver Phil's; whrch that beaten
an' broken cayouse is ejghty miles from,
the last mouthful of grass. As Dan be
gins to crowd him. Silver Phil \ turns In
the saddle an' shoots. The lead goes Vay
off yonder— wild. Dan, grim and silent,
rides on without returnin* that fire.
" "Which I wouldn't dishonor them suns
of janine,' says Dan, explainin* later the
pheenomenon of him not shootin' none,
'by usinf 'em on varmints like this yere
Silver Phil.*
"As Silver Phil reorganizes for a second
shot, hia bronco stumbles. Silver Poll
pitches from the Saddle an' strikes the
grass some ten foot to one side. As he
half rises. Dan lowers on him like the
swoop. of a hawk. It's as though Dan's
cut to snatch a handkerchief from the
ground.
"As Dan flashes by he swings from the
saddle an' his right hand takes a troo '
I full grip on that outlaw's back an' shoul
der. Dan has the thews an* muscle* of
a cinnamon b'ar an' Silver Phn is only
, a scrap of a man. As Dan straightens
up In the stirrups, he' tosses this Sliver
Phil on high to the length of hia long 1
| ! arm; an' then he dashes him ag'inst the*
i ' flint-hard ground, which that manoover—
' we-all witnesses it from mebby a quarter
i of amile— which that manoover that a-way
j is shore remorseless I This Sliver Phil Is
L nothin' but shattered bones an' | bleedin'
, pulp. He strikes them plains, like he's
, come from the clouds, an' is dead without
, a quiver.
." 'Bury him? No!* says Old Man En
j right to one who aska the question. 'Let
, him find hU bed where he falls.*
J r "While Enright speaks, an* Jest aa Dan
j rides up to us at the Red Light, a raven
. drops from above, over where this Silver
" Phil Is layin*. Then another raven an'
. another — black an* wide of wing — comes
' floatln* . down. A coyote yell— first with
the short, shan\ yelp, an' then with, that
- multiplied rattle* of laughter like forty
: wolves at once. That daylight howl of
: - the coyote allers means death. Shore;
' raven an* wolf is gatherin'. Aa Enrfjht
" says: This yere Sliver PhU ain't likely
- to be lonesome none to-night.'
t "'Did you kill him, Dan?* asks Faro
> Nell.
»'. "'Why, no, Nellie.' replies Dan, as he
- swings' outen the stirrups an* beams on
- , Faro Nell. She's still a bit onstrungv
i bein' only a little girl when all is said.
, 'Why, no, Nellie; I don't kill him none
t specific as Wolfville onderstanda the
I wprd; but I dismisses him a whole lot;'
. an' the . kyard comes Jest the same for
f Silver Fnil.' "
Corj-risht. 1902. by Robert Howard Russell.
**| IS name, conjplete, is 'Silver City
I \ Philip.' In them social observ
jj ances of the Southwest, wherein
J haste is a feacber an' brev-ty the
bull's eye aimed at, said cogno
men gets shortened up to 'Silver Phil.'
The Old Cattleman looked thoughtfully
into his glass as if by that method he col
lected the scattered elements of a story.
There was a pause. Then he lifted the
glass to his lips as one who being now
evenly equipped with information, also
proposed that it arrive hand in hand with
that Inspiration which would build a tale
from it.
"Shore, this Silver Phil }s dead now; an'
I never yet crosses up with the gent
who's that soopernuous as to express
regrets. It's Dan Boggs who dismisses
Silver Phil ; Dan does it in efforts he puts
forth to faithfully represent the right.
"Doc Peets allers allows this yere Sil
ver Phil is a 'degen'rate'; leastwise that's
the word Peets uses. An* while I freely
concedes I ain't none too cl'ar as to ju^t
what a degen'rate is, I stands ready to
back Peets' description to win. Peets Is, .
b'ar Colonel WliUam Greene Sterett, the
best eddicated sharp in Arizona; also the
wariest as to expressln' views. Tharfore
when Pccts puts it up, onflinchin*. that
this yere Silver Phil's a degen'rate, you- ,.
all can spread your blankets an' go to
sleep on it, that a degen'rate he is.
"Silver Phil is a little, dark, ignorant,
tousied ha'red party, none too neat in
costume. He's as black an' small an'
evil-sctmin' as a Mexican; still, you sees
at a Rlar.ce he ain't no Greaser neither.
An* with all this yere surface wicked
ness. Silver Phil has a quick, hyster'cal
way with him like a v.-oman or a bird;
an' thar's ever a grin on his face. With
It all. you can smell 'bad* on Silver Phil,
an' folks who's on the level— an' most
folks is— nacherally conceives a notion
a'gin him the moment him an' they
meets up.
"The first time I sees Silver Phil he's
walkin' down the licker room of the Red
Light. As he goes by the bar Black Jack
—who's rearrangin' the nose paint on tho
shelf so it shows to advantage— gets care
less an' drops a bottle.
" 'Crash!' it goes to the floor.
"With the sound, an' the onexpected
suddenness of it stampin' his nerves, that
a-way. Silver Phil leaps into the air like
a cat; an' when he 'lights, he's frontin"
Black Jack an' a gun in each hand.
" 'Which I won't be took!' says Silver
Phil, all flustered.
"His eyes is gleamin' an' his face Is
palin* an' his ugly grin gets even wider
than before. But like a flash, he sees
thar's nothin' to go in the air about—
nothin' that means him ; an* he quick puts
up his hardware an' composes himse'f.
" 'You-all conducts yourse'f like a sport
who has something on his mind,* says
Texas Thompson, who's thar present at 1
the time an' can't refrain from com
mentin' some on the awful start that bot
tle smashin' gives Silver Phil.
"This Silver Phil makes no response, but
sort o' grins plenty ghastly, while ' h5s
breath comes quick. Still, while you-all
notes easy that this person's scared, it's
plain he's a killer jest the same. It's fre
quent that a-way. I'm never much afraid
of cr.e of them cold game gents like Cher
okee Hall; you can gamble the limit
they'll never put a six-shooter in play
till it's shorely come their turn. But timid,
feverish locoed people, who's jedgment is
had an' who's prone to feel themse'fs in
peril: they're the kind who kills. For
myse'f. I shuns all such. I won't say
them erratic, quick-to-kill .sports don't
have courage; only it strikes me— an' I've
rode up on a heap of 'em— it's more like
a fear-bit f'roclty that a-way than sand.
"Take Enright or Peets or Cherokee or
Tutt or Jack Moore or Boggs or Texas
Thompson; you're plumb safe with them
gents, all or any. An* yet thar ain't the
first glimmer of bein' gun-shy about ono
of 'em; they're as clean strain as the eter
nal granite, an' no more likely to hide
out from danger than a hill. An' while
they differs from each other, yet -they're
all different from sech folks as Silver
Phil. Boggs, goln' to war, is full of a
rood-humored integrity; gala an' confi
dent; ready to start or stop like a good
hoss. Cherokee Hall is quiet an' word
less; he gets pale, but quick an' deadly;
en* his notion, nacheraL Is to fight for a
finish. Peets is haughty an' eooperlor on
them few o'casions when he onbends in
battle an' comports himse'f like a gent
who fights down hill; the same, ondoubt
ed, bein' doo to them book advantages of
Peets which elevates him an' lifts him
above the common herd a whole lot. Ea
right, who's oldest, is, of course, slowest
to embark In blood; an' pulls his weepon*
—when he does pull 'em— with a air of sor
rowful resignation. / • ",,* .
" •Which I'm shorely saddest when I
shoots,' says Enrlght to me, as he re
loads his gun one time.
"These yere hoomane sentiments, how
ever, don't deter him none from shootin'
<juick-an' aimin' low, which latter habit
makes Wolfville's honored chief a highly
desp'rate game to get ag'inst.
"Jack Moore, bein* as I explains former,
the execyootif of the Stranglers an* re
sponsible for law an* order, has a heap of
shootin' shoved onto him from time to
time. Jack transacts these yere fireworks
allers with a ca'm. offlshul front, the
same bein' devoid, equal of anger or re
gretsi Tutt, partic'lar after he weds Tuc-
Bon Jennie, an' more jartic'lar still when
he reaps new honors as the originator of
that blessed Infant Knright Peets Tutt,
carries on what shootin' comes his way
in a manner a lot dignified an' lofty; while
morbid about his wife demandin" she be
divorced that time— although he picks up
his hand In a fracas sharp an' Irritable
an* with no delays, after, all is that well
balanced he's bound to be each time
plumb right.
"Which, you observes, son, from these
yere settln's forth, that thar's a • mighty
Eight of difference between gents like
them pards o* mine I names an* de
ren'rates of the tribe of Silver PhlL It's
the difference between right aa' wrong-;
" 'By every roole of law,' says Jack at
seen epocks when he declar's himse'f, 'an*
on all o'casions, I, as kettle tender to the
Stranglers. is entitled to the first shot.
When I uses the term "o'caslon." nacher-
•If Jack's thar, if» er«a monty hV4
a-had that second shot instead of Boron
j In which event, the results might have
been something Braver than this yere ml
noote wound -which Bogrr» oonrera. Wblon
I'm confident Jack would have cut in that
¦ ( a-way with the second shot, for sech was
his offlshul system. Jack more'n . once
proclaims his position in them behalfs.
"It's not only my beliefs, but likewise
the opinions .of sech Joodiclal sports as
Enrlght, Peets an* Colonel Sterett, that
this yere maverick, Sliver Phil, Is all sorts
of a crim'nal.- An* I . wouldn't wonder
none if he's a pure rustler that a-way;
as ready to stand up a stage. as snake a
play at farobank. This yere Idee settles
down on the Wolfville intell'gence on^the
heels of a vlcissitoode or two wherein
Dan Boggs performs, an' which gets
pulled off over in the Bird: Cage Op'ry
House. Jack Moore ain't thar none that
time. Usual, Jack. is a constant deevotee
of the dramy. a Jack's not only a first
nighter, he comes mighty dost to bein' a
every-nlghter. But this partic'lar evenin'
when Bo ggn perform*. Jack's rummagin'
about tosis'en els*. .
armament." An' as Silver Phil don't pack
the sperlt to face no sech flash-light war
rior, he acts on Cherokee's hint to vamos,
an' fades Into the street. Shore, Cherokee
don't cash that felon's. chips none. He
confiscates 'em. Cherokee ain't quite so
tenderly romantic aa to make good to a
detected robber. Moreover, he lets this
Silver Phil go onhartned, when by every
roole hit ikelp is forfeit. It turns out
rood for the camp, however, as this yere
experience proves so depressln' to Silver
Phil ho removes his blankets to Red Dog.
Thar among them purblind tarrapins, its
inhabitants, it's likely he gets prosperous
an' endetected action on that little old
ha'r copper of his. .
"Silver Phil don't say nothin' In retort.
He's aware by the lib'ral way Cherokee
sep'rates himse'f from the bowie that said
weepon don't constitoote Cherokee's entire
"Thar's a picture paper pasted onto the
wooden wall of the Bed Light, displaym'
tSe liniaments of some party. That bowie
pierces the picture— a shot in the cross It
is— an' all with sech force 'that the p'int
of the blade shows a inch an' a half on
the other side of that indivldyooal board.
" 'The next time I throws a knife in
your presence,' remarked Cherokee to
Silver Phil, an* Cherokee's as cold an'
p'isonous as a rattlesnake, 'it'll, be
la'nehed at you.'
" 'Chuck!'
" 'That's a- yconique invention!' ob
serves Cherokee, an' he's sarcastic a
whole lot while he menaces with the
bowie at Silver Phil; 'that contraption is
shcrely plenty sagacious! But it den't
go here. Shove in your chips.* Silver
Phil oneys; an' he shows furtif, ugly an'
alarmed all at once. He don't say a
word. 'Now pull your freight,' concludes
Cherokee. If you ever comes within ten
foot of a game of mine ag'in, I'll throw
this knife plumb through you — through
ar/ through.' An' Cherokee, by way of
'lustration an' emphasis, lets fly the knife
across the bar room. It comes like a
Hash.
¦ "Cherokee gets posted quick an' with
one look. As sharp as winkin' Cherokee
¦has a nine-inch bowie in his hand, an*
with one slash, cuts the hoss-ha'r ciost
up. by Silver Phil's belt.
"Silver Phil wins three or four bets;
it's Nell that catches on to his racket an'
sfgns-up to Cherokee onder the table
with her little foot. One glance an' Cher
okee is loaded with information. This
Silver Phil, it seems, in a spirit of avar
ice, equips himse'f with a copper— little
wooden checker is what this yere copper
is— one he's done filched fro^i Cherokee
the day prior. He's fastened a Ions black
hoss-ha'r to it, an' he ties the other end
of the hoss-ha'r to his belt in front. This
ha'r is jest long enough as' he's planted
at the table that a- way so it reaches nice
to them four nearest kyards— the king,
queen, jack, ten. An' said ha'r is plumb
invisible except to eyes as sharp as Faro
Nell's. The deceetful Silver Phil will
have a stack on one of 'em, coppered
with this yere ha'r copper. He waiches
the box. As the turns is made, if his
kyard comes his way, well an' good. Sil
ver Phil does nothin'; but garners. in re
sults. When his kyard starts to show
ag'in him, however, that's different. In
seen events. Silver Phil draws in his
breath, sort o' takin' in on th3 hoss-ha'r
that a-way, an' the copper comes off the
bet. When the turn is made, thar's Sil
ver Phil's bet— by virchoo of said fraud— ;
open an' triumphant, an' waitin' to be
paid.
"This yere ondersized miscreant ain't
ha'nted about Wolfville more'n four days
before he shows how onnecessary he is,
that T a-way to. pur success. Which he
works a. ha'r* copper on Cherokee Hall.
What's a ha'r copper? I'll onf old, short
and terse, what Silver Phil does, an' then
you saveys. Cherokee's dealin" his game—
farobank she is; an' if all them national
banks conducts themse'fs as squar' as
does that enterprise of Cherokee's, the
fields of finance would be as safely honest
as a church. Cherokee's turnin'- his game
one evenin'; Faro Nell on the lookout
stool where she belongs. Silver Phil
drifts up to the lay-out an' camps over
back of the king-end. He gets chips an' '
goes to takin' chances alternate on the
King, Queen. Jack, ten; all side an' side
they be.. Cherokee bein' squar himse'f,
ain't over-prone to expect a devious play
in others. He don't notice this yere Silver
Phil none speshul, an' shoves the kyards.
"Silver Phil, we learns later— an' it
shore jestlfies Peets in them theeries
about him bein* a degen'rate — has been
In plenty of blood. But allers like a cat;
savage, gore- thirsty, but shy, priceless,
an* ready to fly. It seems he begins to be
homicidal in a boyish humble way by
downln* a nigger trooper over near Fort
Cummings. That's four years before he
visits us. He's been blazing away inter
mittent ever since, but allers cruel,
crafty and safe. It's 'got to be a , shore
thing, or Silver Phil quits an* goes into
the water like a mink.
one works from a Impulse of pure jes
tlce, the other Is moved of a eperlt of
crime; an' thar you be.
The D'sm?ss«'.of
SiTver- PhTT- »
6
THE i SUNDAY CALI*
WOLFVILLE STORIESture mountain and TE-Petl the word
Popocatepetl.
"While Mexico has a wealth of docu
mentary remains Central America Iack3
these to a great extent but abounds in
monuments whose hieroglyphics vary de
cidedly from those in Mexico and have
not as yet been fully identified. Indeed
the relics that remain of both the Aztecs
and the Incas are so few and so valuable
that people in Mexico have begun to
manufacture numerous frauds In imita
tion of the fine feather work and the
ancient codices that are known to be
authentic. This is going to make further
'exploration and research a matter of
great difficulty for those not exceptional
ly well versed In Mexican lore.
"The famous Calendar stone dug up in
the City of Mexico in 1790 has, however,
been of great importance in reading the
hieroglyphics that are authentic."
In this connection it is interesting to
know that one of Mrs. Nuttan's greatest
discoveries and the most important to tho
science of American archaelogy might
be called a discovery in the sky. it con
sists in the recognition by her that the
constellation of the Great Bear in connec
tion with the polar star, or dipper, which
is so familiar to every one in this coun
try, was the constellation which regu
lated nearly all the religious ceremonies
and calendar systems ... of the. various
American tribes.
This furnished the first* key to the re
remarkable series of symbols which havo
so puzzled the archaeologist because of
their resemblance to the symbols which
were known to all the ancient peoples of
Asia, Northern Africa and even Europe.
'These symbols have been found In ' the
shell and copper ornaments contained in
the mounds, they, have been traced out
in the carved and engraved, stones 1 in
Central America, have been recognized In
the myths and symbols of the northwest
coast, and have been regarded as an evi
dence of contact between the continent
and the Asiatic peoples and a.transmis
sion to this continent by some - unknown
channels. \ . , , ¦ . .
The discovery was made by Mrs. Nut-
."Under such circumstances It : la "ap
parent how the American continent could
have become an isolated area of preserva
tion where primitive forms of .civilization,
religious . cult,' symbolism: and Industries,
drawn at" different 'epoch's 'from'- various
"Considering that It would be premature
to formulate a final "conclusion on a sub- •
ject which demands so much more inves
tigation, I merely observe that, as far as
I can see, the conditions which existed
and survive among the aborigines of
America would be fully, accounted fdr by
the assumption that they received certain
elements of culture and civilization from
Mediterranean seafarers who, at widely
separated, critical, periods of Old World
history, may have transported refugees
and would-be colonists or founders' of
ideal republics and ,'divine polities' to dif
ferent parts of the hidden or divine land
of 'the west,' the existence of which was
known by tradition to the Egyptian priest
hood. -; . '., ¦ ¦ „ .. . , ' . : . . ' .
This fact has given rise to much con
troversy as to the origin, of the Aztecs
and the Incas. Some writers advance
much evidence to show that the ancestors
of the Aztecs were really Mongols, who
crossed from China at the Bering Sea,
centuries ago, and swept down through/
the valleys' of North America until they
settled in Mexico. Other writers have
found stronger proof that they came from
Egypt. On this point Mrs. Nuttall has
written: ,
The discovery has brought the nations
of the earth close tog-ether and shows that
the present condition in which we find
ourselves was anticipated thousands of
years ago, even by rude people and those
who had no means of studying the heav
ens except with their naked j eye. Every
separate tribe and nation had its own sys
tem of astrology and religious symbolism,
but there was the same common basis.
tall while studying the calendar system
of Mexico and Central America, and was
really the result of that study, the posi
tion of the constellation in the heavens at
the different periods which marked , the
seasons and the solstices making in the
course of the year the very figure which
has been taken as a symbol by all the na
tions of the earth, or at least by those
who -were so situated as , to be familiar
with the northern sky, the figure called
the Suastlka.
All this is strange work for a woman,
though Mrs. Nuttall j says that Mexican
exploration has interested her since early
girlhood. To her it is a fascinating study
offering infinite , possibilities.^ for the old
ruins of these ancient people may still
contain the most startling evidence of the
development of the whole 'American con
tinent through , long ages.
Mrs. Nuttall has already found the key
to many . things that were thought im-
* ¦ ' ¦
more or less important centers or from
the outposts of the Old 'World, would have
been handed down transformed through
the active and Increasing Influence of the
natlvo element.
"The latter must always have been
markedly predominant since it must be
assumed if at all that the number of in
dividuals who reached America and the
subsequent duration of their lives must
have been extremely limited.
"What is more, as Montezuma related
that- the colonists, from whom he de
scended, married native women, it Is ob
vious that from \ the outset foreign and
native influences were ¦combined."
"In their picture-writing an eye repre
sented the letter I; X a .little flag; P A X
a road with footsteps; OT L. I, a mlnla-
"The cannon, ships and hounds, whose
loud baying Is represented by a cloud of
smoke, are all shown. They lacked per
spective, however, for In a single picture
we find the same person represented sev
eral times in various attitudes. This, how
ever. Is not properly termed picture-writ
ing, where pictures represent certain vocal
sounds. ' : -i\'$-i
"The work Is arduous, because the Mexi
can Government has rendered ' little aid.
partly through lack of means and partly
through lack of native archaeologists. At
present they have a museum, which Is
greatly run down because of the man
ager's absence for the last nine years in
Europe. It is for the«e reasons that our
greatest knowledge of the subjects have
been gained of necessity from European
museums. :
"The artistic skill of the Aztecs Is shown
by the fact that upon Cortez' arrival the
natives sketched him and his attendants
so vividly and so accurately that Monte
zuma, to whom the picture was forwarded,
recognized their features on the arrival
of the foreigners.
"I am going to see these ruins and take
photographs of them for future refer
ence, as well as the flight of stone steps
which were excavated only two months
ago In the City of Mexico, though my
plans are really not definite at present.
In the light of what might be discovered,
the archaeologist cannot begin investiga
tions with any set theories.
'It used to be popular to spenk of these
ancient peoples as 'Toltecs.' Later in
vestigation, however, shows that this
simply means 'builders' or' architects' and
that the Toltecs did not constitute a dis
tinct race. There are at present few re
mains of native architecture except the
gigantic pyramids, some of which have a
larger base than Cheops in Egypt.
"They are the key to the mystery of
the scenes depicted on the manuscript,
and perhaps the key as well to the names
of the heroes shown in each picture. When
all these symbols can be deciphered we
shall know much more of the life and
customs ol the Aztecs at the time of the
Spanish conquest than we understand at
pre'sent.
indicates whether it is a lagoon, a river
or a lake. In the same way large cone
shaped pictures represent mountains and
are used throughout each series to Ind
cate the locality In which the events
transpired.
She has lectured before King Oscar II
aim other crowned heads in Europe on
the marvels of the Aztecs, and for all her
wide researches' she has been honored by
the greatest scientific bodies in the world.
Here are. just a few of the special deco-
Many other manuscripts have b$en
brought to light by her. from the recesses
of old libraries, where they have been
lost to s'ght for centuries. She thus dis
covered an extremely valuable anony
mous Hispano-American manuscript of
which her publication in fac-slmile with
translation, notes and commentary is
now in the press and will soon appear
under the auspices of the Peabody Mu
seum; bearing the title, "The Life of the
Ind.ans."
Where others had passed it by as of
no importance Mrs. Nuttall first identi
fied as a specimen of sixteenth century
Mexican feather-mosaic made by native
artists after designs furnished by tfie
Spanish conquerors a beautiful miter pre
served at the Pitti Palace, Florence, and
also a large shield, preserved in the
Royal Armory of Madrid," which she
showed to have been a present- from
Charles V to Philip II, when the latter
was an infanta.
Where others had failed she rediscover
ed in the Castle of Ambras, in Tyrol, the
finest ancient Mexican feather work
shield in existence and a fan, both of
which had figured among the presents
sent by Cortez to the King of Spain,
after they had been reported "lost" for
years by the Vienna Museum authorities.
possible of solution only a few years ago.
Honorary special assistant of th» Pea~
body Museum; fellow of the American
Association for the Adyancement of Sdr
ence; member of the Philosophical So
ciety, Philadelphia: honorary member of
the Archaeological Association, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania: corresponding mem
ber of the Antiquarian, and the 'Numis
matic Society of "Washington; of the So
clete Itallana d'Antropologea; of tho So
ciete de Geographic do Geneve: of the So
cieded Clentlfico, "Antonio Alzate," Mex
ico; of the Societe 4es Americanlstes d»
Paris, etc. „'
And now after unearthing all manner
of lost relics in the libraries of th«
Old World, and extracting from them all
the secrets they have to offer and giving
them to the great ¦dentine Institutions of
both hemispheres In several very com
plete, and Interesting volumes, she Is go-
Ing back to Mexico to take up the work
of exploration which she was obliged to
abandon thirteen years ago.
Who knows what new honors she may
gain? She has succeeded before where
other archaeologists have failed, and on
this her second visit to th© land of tfia
Aztec she may make some wonderful dis
coveries.
It would be a glorious achievement for
a California woman , to tell the world
what Columbus and th« Spanish conqner
ors who followed him did not take the
trouble to find out about the strange
American tribes they discovered.
rations which will «erv« to show wfeat
distinction this brilliant California
woman has won at home and abroad:
She has lectured on the subject of the
Aztec codices before the students at the
University of California since her return
The manuscript Itself is even more In
teresting than the story of Its wander
ings. It is made up of long: strips of
leather about ten inches wide and nearly
300 feet long, closely Inscribed on both
Fides with colored pictures. It folds up
like an accordion-pleated pocket : pano
rama of the landmarks of a big city. The
pictures are gaudy creations, which bear
a striking resemblance to the picture
writings of the ancient Egryptians. though
Mrs. Nuttall says that they are not at
all alike. To the unpracticed eye they
look like the illustrations from a child's
story book and the events narrated there
in are quite as simple, but though much
of It is clear to Mrs. Nuttall there is muc^
more of It that cannot be deciphered.
Colored plates have been made of it and
It will soon be published complete by the
Peabody Museum, for which It was pre
pared under Mrs. Nuttall's direction.
• Finally, however, persistency triumphed.
She secured evidence In Madrid that the
King of Spain had sent the parchment to
the monastery of San Marco in Florence.
That was her first clew. With this in
formation she went to Florence at once,
only to learn that the ancient picture
writing, on account of Its great value,
had been stolen thirty-five years ago.
traced it all over the Continent and
finally found It In England. It completes
all the Aztec relics extant of which there
is any record, and It Is because of thl3
her latest remarkable discovery tfiat
archaeologists, expect so much of h~er
coming visit to Mexico.
One of the manuscripts mentioned in the
Cortez inventory of the gifts he sent to
the King of Spain was in the
Imperial Library in Florence. Of
the other, and the most Impor
tant of the two. absolutely no clew
could be obtained for years, though Mrs.
Nuttall brought to light ancient Mexican
shields, feather headdresses of the time
of Montezuma, numerous relics of the
Atlatl spear throwers, which had long
been cast aside as worthless, and two
very valuable codices which had been lost
for centuries, and of which she has since
contributed a lengthy treatise to the Pea
body Museum. She learned all there was
to be learned from the relics she found
and identified in Europe, and wrote many
scientific volumes on the subject, but
there was still much to be extracted from
the missing Cortez manuscript.
The outlook was discouraging in the
extreme. To have to leave Mexico in
order to study Mexico was a curious
anomaly. But as the missing relics were
absolutely necessary to the broader re
searches ehe had planned there was noth
ing for it but to find them. Without
them the history and the origin of the
Aztecs must remain a mystery. To find
them meant, perhaps, nothing more than
fragmentary hints of the life and cus
toms of this mighty pe6ple, who had built
great temples, massive forts and huge
pyramids rivaling in size and impressive
grandeur even the famed • pyramids of
Egypt; but nevertheless, she went Im
mediately to Europe and began a system
atic search of every library on the Conti
nent.
She learned, after months of investiga
tion, that the re!ics that had not been
sent by the all-conquering Cortez to his
¦King: in Spain, 400 years ago, when with
a mere handful of soldiers he had sub
jugated the whole Aztec nation, num
bering millions, had been scattered to the
four quarters of the globe, and no reli
able record kept of them.
It Is over thirteen years since she first
went there to decipher the mysterious
hieroglyphics engraved on leathern parch
ments by the Aztecs, and supposed to be
carefully filed away in the museums in
the City of Mexico. But there were none
left to be deciphered. They had disap
peared as completely as the Indians,
whose history they were believed to hold
concealed i:i their curious symbols.
It is these relics, or most of them at
any rate, believed to have been Irretriev
ably lost for so many years, that Mrs.
Nuttall has found again— which la the
reason she Is going to Mexico to-morrow.
hieroglyphics engraved thereon, they de-
Etroyed all but the few that were sent
home to Spain as presents.
And It Is a strange fact, too, that the
Spaniards, who should have kept for fu
ture races & perfect history of the nation
they desolated and destroyed, have given
us only highly colored romances about
these remarkable people, with such a
careless blending of fact and fancy that
the archaeologists' greatest difficulty now
Is to find out what is really fact and what
la only fancy. In the eame way. Instead
cf preserving as many of the relics as
possible and learning the meaning of the
They look to her now to solve much of
the mystery that surrounds the history
of the once mighty race that was found
and plundered and left to vanish com
pletely from the earth by the Spaniards,
for they know, too, that for eighteen
years Mrs. Nuttall has been studying the
sociological and religious systems of the
ancient Aztecs, and that for the last thir
teen years she has been traveling in Ku
rope, the West Indies, Canada and tne
United States unearthing all sorts of
Queer relics and picture writings of these
•trance people that were lost, rtrayed or
stolen.
It la an odd circumstance that Mexico
ha* been utterly depleted of every rem
nant of Aztec life and civilization that
could be carried away. Valuable picture
writings have been taken to the
great cities of Europe and ¦ there
lost for hundreds of years, almost as com
pletely as If they had been buried under
the crumbling ruins of the Indian tem
ples.
<J* JT RS. ZELIA NUTTALL Is going
/ \ f\ to Mexico to-morrow.
I Y I That simple announcement
I may sound like a stereotyped so
ciety note to the popular mind,
but to the archaeologists of both Kurope
and America it is an event of epoch-mak
ing Importance, for they know that Mrs.
Nuttall is a Californian explorer, who
knows more about the picturesque empire
of the lamous Montezuma than any other
weman in the world.
"Still another series reveals the Aztec
spear throwers crossing the water in
canoes*. The fish shown under the beats
"Another well-defined series shows the
Aztec heroes In the temples holding in
their hands the sacrificial bird, which is
always an emblem of their religious sac
rifices. <
"Many of the pictures show scenes of
conquest and It Js a strange fact that
they are always represented In the eamt
way; the vanquished is kneeling, while
the conqueror Is holding him by the fore
lock. This is the universal sign of abject
surrender among the Aztecs.
"Instead of being a pictorial history In
Itself it seems to be rather a representa
tion of the lives of different chief*— all
great Aztec heroes— and was doubtless
made to illustrate the epic poem^ sung
or chanted by the priests.
"The date on this ancient manuscript Is
I Acatl. which in the Aztec calendar cor
responds with the year 1519 in our own
calendar," says Mrs. Nuttall, "so it Is
evident that it was made just before the
arrival of the Spaniards. So far as it can
be deciphered it is not a continual his
tory, but five or six detached fragments,
covering perhaps a period of 100 years
before the Spanish conquest.
to her native State, and it is in the inter
est of the university, as well as to learn
the secrets contained In the manuscript
she has just discovered, that she is go
ing to Mexico to-morrow to begin anew
the explorations she was obliged to aban
don thirteen years ago.
Fact That the Best Az
tec Relics Extant Have Been
Lost for Centuries in Euro
pean Libraries, Where
Mrs, Nuttal'l Had to
Rediscover Them.
THE SUNDAY CALL. ¦.-•¦<
7
CALIFORNIA'S FAMOUS WOMAN EXPLORER TO SOLVE AZTEC MYSTERIES>»"yER.ONIMO. the chief, of the Chlrl
f I cahua Apaches, whose name brings
I i*y up visions of a terrorised frontier,
\L[ and a long and lurid trail of deeds
\^ of blood and pillage : that marks
UNCWS SAM
TWKS TH5Y
wtuw now es
GOOD INDIANS
him as the most treacherous and
brutal of any of his red-skinned brethren,
Is to be given a chance to live like a land
owner. Whether* he will elect to do an
remains to be Been.
There are undoubtedly many people,
who, in view of his past murderous rec
ord, will say that he cannot do bo. But
after talking about It for some years
Uncle Bam has decided to give the Indian
who used to boast that he killed Mexican
soldiers with rocks, having "no ammuni
tion to waste upon Mexicans," a chance
to spend the days of bis old age upon a
ranch of his own. With this end In view
General Frank Armstrong, as an agent
of the War Department, has been recently
at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, making arrange-"-,
ments for the release of the old chief and
the 236 Apaches who have been held for
the past twelve years by the Government
as prisoners of war. These Indians will be
scattered and allotted lands near some
of the Government reservations where
they may raise crops.'
This chief of the-, worst, wildest and
strongest of the ' tribes j of the Apaches,
chased for years by the Injured . white
man, has behaved himself well during the
tmrny years that he has been confined In
the military prisons of Alabama and Flor
ida. In this he has set a good example
to the band of followers who shared his
captivity.
But for the past five years he has en
joyed a life that Is freedom Itself as com
pared with the routine of a prison. It is
about that length of time since Geronimo
and the Apaches with him were brought
from Florida to Fort Sill on account of
the bad effects of the extreme Southern
climate. The Dry Tortugas. where they
were first 6ent. dealt eo disastrously with
their physical well being that it was
feared they would all die. When they
arrived at Fort Sill they were put under
military guard and kept under that es
pionage for a long time.
Then many of them were made scouts,
and are, with their chief Geronlmo, still
on duty In that capacity. They live near
the post, and In pretty good houses, but
they still have to report at headquarters.
Geronlmo himself, who is now more than
(5 years old, has a nice house and is liv
ing there contentedly with his family,
which numbers 6everal grown children.
His natural shrewdness has Increased,
and he Is fast making the ways of the
•white man his own. He Is an inveterate
gambler as he always has been, and is not
a poor Indian, being worth probably $8000
or $9000, much of It made by gambling.
Next to gaming he loves firewater, or in
plain English, whisky; and he would
rather be a party to a horse trade than
eat. He is still active and rides his horse
with the youngest of the bucks. He took
a trip to the Omaha Exposition two years
"ago and enjoyed It hugely. •
It Is not yet settled where he may plant
his own vine and fig tree, but it will prob
ably not be near the scene of his former
depredations. It is said that the word
Apache indicates the "superior man."
In the case of the Chiricahuas and their
troublesome chief it meant a superiority
In strength, endurance, activity, and last
but not least, cruelty.
Geronlmo Is not a full-blooded Apache,
though possessing all their attributes of
shrewdness, bloodthirstiness and treach
ery, coupled with dash and daring on the
warpath. There is a tradition among the
Apaches that his father was a wealthy
Mexican rancher and that he was stolen
by his tribe when the Apaches were on a
raid into old Mexico.
It would be Interesting to look through
the annals of his Indian brain during the
long years of his Imprisonment Perhaps
his mental activity has been much like
that of the tiger at the Zoo, never still,
and always suggesting to the outsider
what he would be if he ever escaped to
his mountain and desert haunts again.
So that even if age has claimed Geronimo
acres of ranch land may at least be ¦wel
come to his savage mentality, as a prom- --
ise of an existence that will at least
bring him nearer to the old free life of
hie younger days. Geronimo first cama N
TO SE TRIED
AT FARMING,
BUT MUST
SCAUP NO MORE
Sailed to rive himself up. General Miles
lvided Arizona Into districts for patrol.
The entire Apache hunting column was a
scouting party. In this last month or t£2>
of this world-famous campaign Genera**
Leonard R. Wood, now in Cuba, then first
lieutenant and assistant surgeon In the
United States army, saw his first active
fightlnr.
The heliograph system was employed
by General Miles with such effect In the
Apache campaign, aa to make It an Im
portant factor In. the forced surrender of
Geronlmo , and was the means of that
warrior sending for Natchez to come la
and give himself up. Through the hellc
stat Geronlmo's brother, whom he had
left at Fort Bowie as a guarantee of rood
faith, was communicated with, and when
the answer came saying that Matches was
alive and well and waiting for Geronlmo
to come to him. the chief was so struck
with awe that he sent a warrior to tell
his brother that "there was a power here
which he could not understand, and to
come in, and come Quick." In a few hours
Natchez came into camp with his band ot
warriors and their families.
Lieutenant A. M. Fuller of the Second
Cavalry, now Captain Fuller, stationed
atvAIcatraz, was placed In chary* of the
thirteen heliograph stations In Arizona.
reaching over a district of 27S miles. At
each of these stations an operator was on
duty as long as the sun shone. Miles kept
his troops hidden, but they were warned 1
through this of any new moves on the
part of the hostlles within one or two
hours. One station Bent 830,000 words dor
ing the campaign. Dispatches could be
signaled at the rate of fifteen words per
minute.
During the last part of the campaign
Lieutenant Fuller was in California on a
leave of thirty days for the purpose of
getting married, tne exigencies of w?-r
Having postponed his wedding 1 severr!
times. From his home In San Jose na
telegraphed his orders to the central sta
tion at Fort Bowie, Ariz., every morning
and the heliograph immediately flashed
them all over the district. While he was
in San Jose- the telegram came to him,
bearings the news that Geronlmo had sur
rendered. That surrender took place in
the middle of th© month of August, 1886,
on the San Bernardino ranch. Just on the
line between Arizona and Mexico.
One of the officers whom Miles selected
to continue tho pursuit when the Indians
should retreat south of the Mexican
boundary was Captain H. W. Lawton,
afterward th© General Lawton who met
death In the Philippines. On July 13, 18S8,
a surprise of the camp of Geronimo and
Natchez was effected which eventually led
to their surrender and resulted in the Im
mediate capture of everything In their
camps except themselves and the clothes
they wore. In th© meantime the Apaches
had been keeping up their atrocities at a
rate without precedent. Th© case of the
Peck family may be mentioned as one of
the most horrible. The entire family was
captured by the Indians and several of
the farmhands were killed. The husband
was tied up and compelled to witness in
describable tortures inflicted upon his wife
until she died. "
The terrible ordeal rendered him tem
porarily Insane, and this condition saved
his life, for the Apaches, having great
awe of an insane person, set him free.
All this time the troops against Geron-*
lmo were as 100 to 1. It was only thosfA
nearest to him at any moment that bd\
needed to fear. Every spring or Water
hole in Arizona .was guarded by from fif
teen to twenty men from the United
States Fourth Cavalry. Geronimo put his
women and children in a secret strong
hold In the mountains, and then with his
warriors he traveled at night over the
ridges of the mountains. In many cases
the troops would come upon the deserted
camps of the Indians with the campfires
still burning, showing how recently tho
savages had left.
At length combined forces drove th#
Apaches Into Sonora. and ther* Lawton
rave them little rest. In the meantime
Lieutenant Gatewood of th© Sixth Cav
alry, now dead, was sent with two In
dians to the hostile camp to discover th»
stats of* mind of tha hostllea, Geronimo
had a great respect for Gatewood. The
next day at daybreak Geronimo and a
number of warriors. Including; Natchez.
came into camp and Geronlmo rushed up
and, hugging Lawton, said: "You ara
the man I want to talk with." Finally
they agreed to accompany Lawton to
where they could meet General Mil<s and
formally surrender. Later, after a lengthy
talk -with Miles and after roing- back to
his camp for one night, which practically
gave the troops no control over him but
the confidence they wero obliged to place
in him, Geronlmo, this chief who years
before was regarded by the peasant* in
Chihuahua as "a devil sent to punish
them for their sins/* surrendered uncon
ditionally to General Miles.
On the 8th of September following th«
special train bearing the captured chigt
and his women and warriors steamed out
tiom Bowie Station, Arizona, on tho line
place, and made the hard tight which re
sulted In Geronimo, who broke •very con
dition of his first surrender, being cora-
ot ths Southern Pacific Railroad, «n rout *
to Florida and the prisons which were to
•njrulf them for jo many, year* t» com*. J
Into his doubtful prominence in 1876, when
by the death of old Cochlse, the former
head chief, he became easily the leader
of his tribe. Boon after this the munler
of a ranchman named Rogers, because he
refused to eell the Indians all the whisky
they wanted, thoroughly aroused the
whites and they clamored for the removal
of the Chlrlcahuas to the San Carloa
reservation, where the rest of the Apaches
spurs. Their sentinels were mounted and
supplied with good field glasses. . Many
engagements took place beyond the Mex
ican border, and as the Government of
that country would not until some time
later allow the United •" States .to estab
lish any permanent camps in their coun
try It complicated the situation. Tha
Apaches did not fear the Mexican sol
diers, and they kept the country In a
state of constant terror.
, They stole horses from Arizona rancnes
while the cowboys were at home and.
knew what was going on, but were airaia
to stir from the hotfses. General Crook
fought Indians with Indlans,\and the dif
ficulties of the desert were overcome in
part by the employment of many ofthG
same Chiricahua^Indlans as scouts.^ They
were physically Inferior . and the greater
part of them of mixed/race, but as war
scouts they were Ideal. "Small of stature
and apparently no match • physically * for
the - white man, yet when it came to
climbing, mountains ¦ or making, long
marches j they I were swift and tireless.
One of the most famous of these scouts
was "Dutchy," in attendance upon Cap
tain'Emmet Crawford, who met a tragic
death— killed by Mexican troops while., do
ing all in his power to .help them.. . H©
was in the Mexican mountains in pursuit
had been placed. Geronlmo was much op-«
posed to going. When it was decided to'
remove the Indians he asked for time to
bring in his family, who were scattered
in the mountains. He disappeared and
nothing more was seen of him until long:
afterward, when he was taken In New
Mexico and brought to the Ban - Carlos
reservation.
He escaped soon after that and was out
until 1878, when he was captured in So
nora by Lieutenant Haskell. He vamosed
for the third time in 1881 and was out in
the fastnesses of the mountains that
seemed his natural home until General
Crook brought him back in 1884. Not v a
year after came the outbreak of 1885,
when, fortified by tizwin, Geronimo left
the Apache reservation, and accompanied
by Chihuahua, a sub-chief, and a small
but extremely devilish band of braves,
proceeded to terrorize ', the white man.
under Geronimo's leadership this band
kept some of the best Indian fighters in
the U n i te d States hunting them across the
arid plains and in the mountain fastnesses
of Arizona for more than a year. --
This band of Apaches descended upon
Jlttle settlements and lonely ranches and
ran off the stock and put it to their own
uses, massacred emigrants and pillaged
their trains, stole everything that could
be carried off and killed men,. women and
children who chanced to cross their path.
At last the whites rose up and demanded
that the War Department should wipe
out Geronimo 'and all his band.
General George Crook, on© of the ablest
Indian fighters the army has produced,
was. assigned to the task. He and his
men suffered through a campaign that
was full of. peculiar difficulties. The
horses of the cavalrymen often .broke
down in the midst. of the waterless, tree
less, burning levels of rock-and sand. The
mountain passes, little known to the
whites, were homes to the red men, and
there It was almost Impossible to sur
prise them. They established their camps
on high and almost inaccessible mountain
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
8
of Geronlmo. "Dtrtchy" wea . .rormerly
one of. the most desperate members ot
Geronlmo's band. Upon the surrender 01
the band in 1SS3 to General Crook he en
tered the United States Cavalry servic«
as a scout. He avenged Captain Craw
ford's death by shooting: on the spot the
Mexican who killed him. .
The' expedition undeT Lieutenant Maua
into Sonora in the fall and winter of 1885
resulted In the agreement of Geronlmo to
surrender. One night when they, were
within sight of the rocky position occu
pied by the hostlles an | Indian . woman
came Into the camp and said that Ger
onlmo wanted to talk. The lieutenant
went the next day and met Geronimo,
Natchez, Nana and Chihuahua,' with four
teen bucks. They were suspicious, but
Geronlmo ' promised to surrender Nana,
his 6wn wife and nine Indians In all and
promised to meet General Crook near Bar
Bernardino in . about two moons " to con
sider surrendering. He did surrender the
prisoners as. promised. A few days aftei
General Crook arrived and tha conferenct
then held resulted In the promise of Ger
onlmo to surrender. The hostlles cam*
and camped about half a mile abov<
Crook and his men. It was believed ther
that they wOuld certainly surrender. On«
day went by 'and then began trouble
among the Indians, caused by liquor fur r
nlshed * them by a ranchman, who : alsc
told them stories of awful punishments
awaiting them in case they did' surrender.
The next morning it-was discovered thai
Geronimo and thirty-five of his men had
slipped quietly out of camp and fled tc
the mountains. This was a shock to th«
'soldiers, who had gone to sleep feeling
confident that ' the . long and harassing
campaign was over. General Crooks' dis
patch announcing the escape of Geronimo,
Natchez and a party of so many oc
casioned much disappointment at "Wash
ington and resulted in correspondence rep
rimanding General j Crook In" such terms
that " he asked to be relieved. Genera:
I Nelson A. Miles was sent to take_hh
GERONIMO AND HIS APACHES•*"*v ERHAPS It to the strenuous* i
¦< J n«u of American life that mad> 1
>-• possible the brilliant career «* \
| President Roosevelt, and which h%
1 In turn has ihown us In Its many
different phases, that la responsible for
the extravagant heroics of the modera-^
lzed medieval play. •* ,
The stage hero of to-day must ba •
swashbuckler with a lightning thrust to'
his trusty blade and a desperate abas
don In the face of danger that would*
have startled his prototype of a century
or two aro Into an ague of fear. The
latest historic plays have whelmed the
modern stage knee deep in blood. Four,
five, six, and even a dozen men ara
slaughtered In a single act. until It would
appear that the "romantic" drama with, \
tho largest mortality Is the one which is
sure to enjoy the greatest popularity and
flanancial reward.
The younger Salvini was the embodi
ment of what a stage hero ought to be,
but according to the standard set now
for our applause he was little more than
a blustering braggart In his version of
Dumas' "The Three Guardsmen," which
was the forerunner of the present day
"romantic" drama, he held us in a ftn«
frenzy of nervous expectancy with hi*
fiery temper and ever threatening sword
hand, but the nearest he ever came to
wholesale combat was when he met and
conquered three of the King's guard sin
gle-handed. But he did all this without
MlUng r any of them and wound up the.
eport by becoming their paL „
• and ?h! ?*f * h " »"*"»«* «mce then-*'
ZtJF'tJ ° em , ¦»*¦«»•¦ Km*** Guards
StSSsw 1
rjrord before reinforcements could ar
ai^tS* J^ Cm revl '' al '» o* ~r>on. Caes
x*jo BUI Ctody first appeared on tha
wS" 5 l,fi: caIle<1 ' ""•• Pr *£
wti « wWcfc h * was supposed to
klU fiv» men wltb each pistol shoJ he
w« accused of outrageous melodramatic
extravagance, but "I>on Caesar" te «
P««t*d to »pit the entire cast on onV
Sm*« V*, 1 ™* 7 bUUle "d brandST
JSf,M 5, th , e much " a **««* che?
SSf-SK? H^g "^ blrda on •
And this brings us to James K. Hack
•tt in the "Pride of Jennie©/' and Kyrl«
BeUew ia "A Gentleman of Franc*." As
sword fighters both men have become the
talk of two continents.
In the fourth act ot his play Bellew
goes to th« rescue of his sweetheart and
Is discovered by a band of ruffian^ who
have her in their keeping.
He stands at the top of a stairway; the
entire cast, with the exception of his lady
love, rush at him. With superb and
miraculous dexterity he picks off one
after another, until finally the stage is
covered with dead bodies. One man falls
head foremost down the long, flight of
ctairs and rolls like a log Into the foot
lights. Bellew escapes without a scratch.
This scene is said to be a most thrilling
and exciting affair, and the wonder Is that
the entire cast is not killed in reality.
Bellfcw explains this by telling the stage
secret that each man wears a coat of mall
under his slashed doublet.
But it was Hackett who first showed
that the up-to-date hero must needs be
able to exterminate a dozen enemies alone
and single-handed. Before he made such
a Dig hit in the "Pride of Jennico." he
had betome famed as a swordsman *""¦
thrci'ifti the two duel scenes In "The Pris
oner of Zenda." With his - trusty sword
he even carved out for himself the high
est honors, when as Mercutlo he appeared
with Maude Adams and William ? Faver- -
sham in "Borneo and Juliet" In New Tork
laet year.
In the book by Agnes and Edgerton
Castle. Captain Basil Jennico is a grievous
disappointment as a fighter. 'In' the duel
In London, where he first meets "Eugen,
the villain, the latter disarms him and
runs him through twice, leaving him on
the field for dead. Jenoico finally recov
ers and roes to Dornhelm to seek his wife.
Learning: her true Identity and also that
she still loves him, he abducts her from
the palace. Prince Eugen pursues the
lovers and finally overtakes them. In the
fight that* follows Eugen knocks Jennico's
sword out of his hand at the first clash
and Is about to finish him when Jennlco's
coachman shoots the Prince.
Now that Is all very well In books, but
It would never do for any self-respecting
hero In the modern "romantic" on the
stage Bo the plot was changed to do
honor to Mr. Hackett's skill as a swords-
In" the "play which win be seen to
night at ' the California Theater, Cap
tain Jennlco. after being tricked Into a
marriage where he weds the princess dls- i
- pulsed as a waiting maid, and finding : that
after air he loves the supposed waiting
rnaid.^goes.in hot haste to her rescue
mil
having learned^ the secret m rr«^
commands Jetmico •«»"*' f a divorce.
eecond thought It J 0 . 6 *:™^, bu t the
height of «travagant _ h «|° a^ allant . are
hero and his small army f O^a
in such to wear steel plates
Viola Allen **>*«** , !£ tte same stren-
Theater to-morrow nlghVU> r dlf
uous effect *•**"'££ £ory haVkensback
i erent way. "%? "orfly knights and
to the good old days _oi i poisoned
courtly ladiea. *»™i e ; f tn e nmltltadta,
cups, there is *">thta« .^^ O f Jennlco,-
O u3 mortality^ «» keteet ,. dra
gon Caesar" P'-^e^uie swords d»
mas of the Period. |et w e
not clash to cold-blooded
one of the bis ««»??ml of the holy churcn
murder of the C«^^ ot Here again' the
by the King «* «gg«a for the stage,
book has been ¦* cri J"JS r ln Mr. Craw-
It win be "^Jj SjagTs to an alter
ford's n°J?i**?5«£*rother. Don Joim °*
cation wltn w * b ~ z t tV letter Is laid low
Mistria, in which^the latter
by the King's dagger. A» »
Z for .the lover "JJ"^,^ evening,
.upposed *^_Jp%J dramatized the
I^orlmer Stoddard. character
novel, has totnjtae?*^ ne wijo
Cardinal Louis do Totres^ Aust rla.
thus -de
The S?K« harSy had Ume to explain
when the King and his brother are heard
outside.' The Cardinal, at Dolores' re
quest, enters a secret passage, and ' sh«
has Just time' to hide behind the curtains
of Don John's bed when the pair enter.
The' King accuses Don John of rebellion
and. of scheming to marry Donna Dolores,
a poor girl whose "name la tarnished."
At'thls Don. John draws hl3 sword In a
rage, but the King pacifies him. However.
Ju3t as-he declares that Dolores has been
. discovered. with the Cardinal, "her lover,"
that potentate appears upon the scene and
. denounces' the King as a poltroon and a
liar. - : - . .
Don John starts toward the King, his
brother, when Phillip. rushes. at him. The
Cardinal, In his endeavor to separate the
brothers. Is accidentally laid low by the
King's dagger. Phillip, the craven cow-*
' ard, seeing what he has done, compels
his brother, on threat of giving Donna Do.
lores over to the Inquisition, to assuma
the crime.
' Phillip drags his brother out of the
death-chamber, when . Dolores appears
from her hiding place, and, crying* out
"Don John shall' not! • He shall not!"
pitches head >foremost to the stage and
brines the scene to a dramatic close.
With -the "Pride of Jennieo" and "In
the Palace of the King" both playing here
at the: same time, we shall have plenty
of thrilling effects in new "romantic*
heroic*. ¦
EXTRAVAGANT HEROICS OF NEW STAGE DUELSmaking the knot very firm and
small. All beginners are afraid
to pull upon the ribbon, and the
result Is a big. soft, shapeless,
loose center, which spoils the
bow. The ribbon must be
pulled In a knot, so hard and
tight that you fear that It will
Oreak.
• Tight Middle Knot.
"When you have separated the
loops of ribbon so that thro
point one way and three the
other, three up and three down,
take the loose end of ribbon m
your right hand and twist it
around the middle of the loops.
Maice two or three turns until
you are sure that the knot will
not pull. Then draw the ribbon
through in such a way as to
tie it. Pull the end tightly.
Tug away at It until there la
apparently no knot at all. the
whole having disappeared un
der your vigorous tugging.
¦When you have pulled It as hard as you
can you will, have a hard knot In the mid
dle and six standing ends. Pull them out
and let them point In all directions, to
make a pretty, graceful set of loops. Hers
your taste can come In. It Is the style to
stand the loops out as much as possible,
and though the coat may crush them they
can be pulled out again.
The six-looped chou is called a star, but
if the actual star-shaped chou Is desired
two of the loops can be twisted together.
to leave a five-looped figure, or In making
the chou five loops can, be formed Instead
of six, as this is entirely at the discretion
of the one who Is making the chou. Th«
Bts^f «! s . J ust :, now the fashionable thing,
and it is really prettier than to make flvo
loops.
tv tT t* , wI " "jo**" now a long, loose end.
Take it In the two hands and make a loop
?J e t C wL y i 1 i k S,£° l^P «P<>n the other end.
If there Is difficulty In getting the ends
the same length, for the amatlur cannot
5*£5 y i.» c^ xra w ly sauK9 Quantities, the
chou can be knotted and secured with
w^l? £? *°, m ake a little knob-like end-
Instead of being drawn into a bow.
-m OT n. c ? mM tne opportunity of •ewlnx
Bilk. Take a needleful of silk and Yecuri
Continued on Pago Horea.
If preferred the sash ribbon can be
pinned around like a belt and the pin
ning: concealed under a chou which la
located at one side, of , the fcelt.
A new chou has been discovered. It Is
called the "star." ' To' make It you; need
the following materials: ': . -
Two yards of double-faced satin ribbon.
Sewing silk, the color of the ribbon.
Half, a yard of millinery wire.
A set of nimble fingers. , .
An artistic eye. -
These axe the requirements for the
¦tar chou, and one that has taken Paris
by surprise and captivated the feminine
portion.' , ' ¦¦¦'..
In place of the plain satin I ribbon, lib
erty ribbon cab. be used, . ;or the . pretty
new taffeta ribbons; or. even' the millinery
ribbons or the loulslries.
The dressiest choux are In plain color*
the shade depending a. little upon the cos
tume with which the chou Is to be worn.
Watermelon pink, old rose, claret red,
raspberry and wine are good In the
softest tints, not too pronounced. Coffee
color makes a pretty chou ' for evening.
and' cream is always good and can be
worn with anything:. Oatmeal color la a
new gray; It Is not bad, by any means,
but requires a background of pronounced
tone, say blue, or cardinal, or ever emer
ald. } >• : • ¦ ¦ . ¦¦
¦ Let your "chou be," say, a. watermelon
pink. - This is a pink that Li very deep.
Aa the little girl said oflt.'it's u pink
as it 'can be; If It was any pinker It
would be red." -
. Perhaps, though, it would be best for a
beginning to select a champagne colored
ribbon, for It: la; ao iure to be a success
when done. Champagne Is that very faint
yellow, almost amber, yet lighter, which
Is now seen In' so many of the new silks,
and adapts Itself better than red.
Beginning the ; Chou. '
Take two yards of satin, panne, liber tx
a little upward above the belt. \ The ends
trail in the back and are finished with
side plaltlngs of white chiffon.
To sweet simplicity have we gone for
the new belt. It Is a sash, soft, heavy,
plain and most girlishly arranged. You
can use it either with the bow in the
back or without and In either case It Is
modish. Take a wide plecs of liberty
satin ribbon, or panne ribbon, and tie It
around the waist Pull the front down
to make a long point and catch It In
place with little pearl pins. The back
can have Its bow if It so please you. The
new bow shows two little perky loops and
two. ends that sweep the floor. This Is the
bow. worn upon a . white gown : of the
bride, Mrs. Chauncey Depew.. The bow
Is located exactly at the back of the belt
and the end's are pulled out and made
to stand erect In chou fashion, pointing
thrown aside when the craze- passes, and
a new gem can be purchased.
And all of this goes to show that the
woman who acts as her own dressmaker
must, indeed, "get busy" If she~ is going
to produce a gown decorated in the latest
manner. Yet the effects which she will
produce are not fussy ones. Much less
elaborate are they .than the extensive
appliques to which she resorted last fall,
but they are more work and, thereby,
she Is the sufferer.
Pearls are the gems of the hour, And
fortunately for her of modest purse ttiey
can be so well imitated '.that the decep
tion Is not apparent The real pearl is a
Jewel of much worth, but the imitation
can be bought for very little and. as It is
often quite aa pretty and answers the
purpose as well, there Is no reason for
not patronizing It Where Jewels are
bought as an Investment for one's money
it Is quite different and the lines of argu
ment change, but, if they are purchased
simply as a decoration, a fashionable ac
cessory of dress, the imitation article is
even better than the real, for It can be
Elaborate Gowns.
and trimmed wltn lace, and under It was
a knife plaiting of chiffon.
Then came the prevalent satin, folds
which were In turquoise. They went
around the skirt In a large point-shaped
design, and below them the skirt was laid
In ten tiny tucks. Then there was a grad
uated chiffon flounce headed with lace
Around the skirt, a little above the
knee height, there was a pearl trimming,
very deep, so arranged that the points
lay one up and one down. To accomplish
this, the trimming had to be twisted,
turned right over so that the big points
turned upward towaro the waist line and
then downward toward the hem of the
Kklrt. In the points were criss-cross
bands of white satin ribbon, set directly
Inside the big open trimming of pearl.
This is a quite new treatment, you will
agree.
A lovely gown of the thinnest of white
veiling was made over a slrp of white
taffeta. The Eklrt was sweep length, front
and back, and lay upon the ground In
foamy lengths. t
Evening Waists.
* Evening shirt waists arc drco
rated in the same T\-ay. Bias
bands of white satin arc put 0:1
In zig-zag rows and the material
is cut out underneath. Along th<*
neck there Is set a flounce of
knife plaKed chiffon and another
one over the first one, making
two knife plaitings of chiffon.
Then satin ribbon is draped aloi:^
the edge of the corsage ar.'l
caught in knots here and there,
¦while. the shoulders are lovely in
their suggestions of chiffon and
lace and ' the loveliest of gold
shoulder knots.
Evening gowns, while compli
cated things, are not things of
mystery. The materials are the stand
ard ones, and whatever novelty there Is
connected with them lies In the new ways
in which they are put together.
on. That this maktF a hand
some skirt can bu seen at a men
tal glance, and If upon the bot
tom there Is set a knife pleatteS
of chiffon or of taffeta with a.
heading of lace, the gown, if it
be an evening gown, is complete
as far as the skirt is concerned.
Yet ribbon will not take the place of the
: ; atin h;ind. or f<>! J. ¦ It Js not heavy
ci:o':p!i. sr.d lacks that substantial ap
l>earaiK«' demanded by tttit new trimming:.
Ho a fol.J of .vatin it mi-st be, and the wo
man who bonetncui
hor own IJOWIM BMUt
gtit to work ui>o:i it.
Skirls, particularly
of- eyedng gowi:.-.
art cut iti two. The
BUlllotine is? used
lif'ar tho toy of ihe
ctdrt and the tnsttu
llii lit M'icrs thf ?op
lrcm the bottom Ir
rogularly. not
stmislit rbubd and
round. Wry low n
front, Um Foissiors
work, and vorj- high
in the back, and, It:
stead of taking a
curve, they cut In
bis: sharp points.
Then the bias
bands, of satin are
set in, each con
nected with the next
one by a hemstitch
ing, or by an open
stitch of silk, and.
finally, the lower half
of the skirt is sewc-I
Thi? la the hand of satin, double, cut
eithor plain or on the bias, secure! >•
turned under to look like a fold, and so
carefully blinO stitched along the turned
under side that you do not recognize th<;
fact that It Is turned «nder at all, but
mistake it for :i piece of rlbbpn.
TO add to the misery of the woman
who "does her own 6ewing," there
is a new kind of trimming, a lit
tle more complicated than any that
bas pone before.
or plain satin, and, grasping it near on«
end, make a bow knot, with Just one loop.
Do not have any end at all. but draw the
loop so near the termination of the ribbon
that the end disappears when the bow 1»
pulled tight. Draw into a bow with a hard
little knot securing It.
Take your finger out of the loop after
you have pulled it as tight as you can and
survey your work. You have now a smart
little ribbon end.
Take your ribbon in the left hand and
make loops, drawing the ribbon back and
forth until you have made six loops, each
ree inches long. Hold the loop tightly
in your hand and taka
the piece of ribbon In
your right hand, ready
to tie.
Arrange the loops ao
that three point one
way and three the other
way. If you have looped
the ribbon correctly
there will be no diffi
culty In doing this, lor
the ribbon will natur
ally fall in that manner.
The next stage in the
making of the chou i3
the critical one, and this
la -where the amattur
falls.
The secret of success
ful chou tying lies in
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
FRILLS AND FURBELANS FOR FINE FRACKSTHBTLI/IiraADVENTTJBES
' OV "OLD- JOHN" BROWN"
CLARK, WHO HAS A BEO
ORD OP A DOZEN BLOODY
BATTLES IN THE ENGLISH j
AEMY AND AS MANY
MORE IN" THE NORTHERN
v ARMY DURING THE CIVIL
WAS, WAS QNE OP THE .
FIRST MEN TO BALLY TO
THE SUPPORT OE JOHN
BROWN, AND IS NOW
NIGHT WATCHMAN. OS 1 A
, COUBTHOUSE.
never worn by women of good taste. Be
that - as It may, the upper arm bracelet
comes In beautiful designs, and, certainly
it is becoming to a well shaped member.*
* For dinner the pagoda sleeve is good, as
: it Is a dressy; sleeve, without being a dis
> tlrictly short . sleeve. It comes from . tha
shoulder, but is an undersleeve.*" It Is usu-'
ally of lace and Is cut so that it grows
¦bigger and bigger toward *the wrist. At
:.the hand it is immense. . It ; Is perfectly
* round and should - be of delicate material.
.A pagoda t sleeve has • an 1 ; outside sleeve
j of black velvet cut very, tight and finished
with a cuffiat the; elbow. Then; came the
lace pagoda,.
- ; ' Evening Colors.
; While the pastel tints cannot be said to
''rage there is certainly a tendency toward'
the pale. tones. {Cream and white are the
most popular, and the vogue. for . them Js '
..steadily on the increase.. That lovely wom-
Lan.r Lady. Lennox," iwears ' white''consider
* ably, and all the American beauties, Mrs.
; : Richard . Harding ' ¦ Davis^ Mrs." Ch'atfleld
; .Taylor,". Mrs^~ Reginald ~de Koven, ,,Mrs.
' Henry Clews Jr/," Mrs. Perry Belmont and
a score of others are wearing it." Dinner
?* Y IQHT after night, walking up and
/ \ I down the halls of the courthouse In
I >1 Spokane County. Wash., guarding
V the thousands of dollars locked in
' : ? ; k - tha vaults of the County Treasurer
as well as documents worth many times
more In the vaults of the other offices,
with his hand on the trusty six-shooter,
only too eager to meet any intruder,
walks old C N. Clark, one of the first
men that rallied to the support of old
John Brown at the time of the border
warfare in Kansas.
Clark,' or as he Is better known to the
employes of the courthouse, "Old John
Brown" Clark, has perhaps few equals.
"With tha record of a dozen bloody battles
•while In the English army and as many
more In the Northern army ol the civil
war, during which ha served with tha
rank of captain In the Fifteenth Kansas,
he is a man who has done more than bis
share in mnkiyig history.
But these battles are not what make
Clark famous, j It Is doubtful If there Is
another man now living who was present
•when old John Brown discovered bis son's
body riddled with bul'.ots and who heard
the old man as he stood over tho body
with uplifted hands declare vengeance on
the slave States for the death of his. son.
It is here that Clark figured, and at one
time had a reward of $800 offered for his
capture dead or alive. Serving with John
Brown from first to last it was by the
merest chance and good fortune that he
¦was not present at the bloody engagement
of Harper's Ferry, when John Brown was
captured and his band slaughtered by a
command under Lieutenant Lee.
Clark is an old man now. Seventy-four
iumners have come and gone. His step Is
not so firm as when he started on his
border warfare. His hearing Is, not so
good. His hand Is not so steady -when"
holding the revolver, but bis nerve is still
there and woe be to a man -who makes an
attempt at robbery on the courthouse of
Spokane County. > The courthouse em
ployes themselves are careful when enter
ing the building after night to make them
selves known to this watchman before at
tending to business..
Bora in Ireland at the time when that
country ¦was attempting to throw off the
yoke of Great Britain, and the island was
being agitated by Daniel O'Connell, the
Irish patriot, he inherited the <J,esire for
freedom. "I have been an Abolitionist,"
he said, "ever since I heard O'Connell
Epeak."
At the early age of 17 he enlisted In the
British army and served three years— first
as color sergeant and later as junior lieu
tenant of grenadiers. He fought under
General Knox In the Sikh war and was
for eleven months through the campaign
in Afghanistan, during which time he saw
Tn'pTiy narrow escapes and fought in places
where men were mowed down as fast as
they charged the enemy. Returning from
the war, whither he went without the
consent of his parents, ha found his
mother had died. Ha sold his commission
In tha British army for £765 and started
for Australia, but Instead landed In New
Tork Just about the time the gulf between
the North and South was assuming dan
rerous proportions.
In 1253, or three years after he landed in
America, he found his way to Baltimore,
where ha engaged in missionary work.
Two years later the excitement in Kan
sas and his desire for adventure and ex
citement drew him to the West and he lo
cated In Lawrence. Here he met a man
by tha name of Kreggy, who was the cor
respondent of a New Tork paper, and to
day Clark declares Kreggy was one of
the best men who ever lived.
Mr. Clark never wearies of reciting his
adventures with John Brown, and many
Interesting anecdotes are always In his
mind to please the ready listener.
"Up to the year of lS5t we had never
seen nor heard of John Brown," said the
veteran. "In that year I and Kreggy,
with two other friends, started from Law
rence to Oaawatomle to look over the
country and perhaps find work. On the
morning we reached Osawatomle we heard
that a Southerner named Kline with 150
men was coming to raid Kansas.
"That morning John Brown had told his
son to go to the postofflce for the mall,
expecting to get~a letter from his wife.
Brown himself shouldered an ax and
etarted to cut rails. About 9 o'clock we
heard that Kline was coming on a raid
and was not more than a mile away. We
were then near the Brown house and I
had not yet met John Brown. When we
beard this news you bet vw hid.
"The raiders pxasefi. ab they did so we
heard a lot of shooting in front of Brown's
house and as soon as we thought it safe
started there to see what the trouble
•was. We four came around one corner of
the house Just as Brown ' and Sheriff
Williams came around the other corner,
and there near the front door In the path
lay Brown's son stretched on the ground,
riddled with bullets, while in his hand: he
still held the letter from his .mother,
which he had been reading. He had evi
dently been sitting in an old rocking chair
reading when shot to death by the slave
State men.
"I v/ili never forget the lock on old man
Drov/n's face as long as I live. Raising
his hands he sa!d: 'The slave power has
The ribbon wire now comes into ser
vice. There are firm, stiff ribons that re
quire no wire, but usually a chou is the
better for a little wiring. .Turn It over
and run the wire, which should be the
ir.cst Invisible kind of lace- wire, covered
¦with ellk, just along the selvage of the
ribbon, turning It over <. so ; as to cover
' the wire. In this way you can stiffen
•.the ends by using the wire along one
side of the ribon only.'
; The loops can have a little very deli
cate wire run along the edge of the rib
bon, Just to . hold them out ¦ straight.
Even where stiff ribbon Is used 'the : . wire
is beneficial, for, If the chou; be crushed;
under the coat, it can be bent out again:
if "ribbon wire Is used, whereas It might
otherwise be too soft.
The star chou is now completed; and
Do this with both ends.
the ends firmly; the bow. will never "pull
out. Draw tho ribbon - out to Its full
width with the fingers and then crush It
between the hands to make a chou-llke
et>d. . watmami
The relief came In the stock and the
belt and in; the ,revers of the 1 blouse.' for'
; It . was cut on ; the bloMse order.' These
were in brilliant 'orange, j Wide lapels
coming" to a point at the belt" trimmed :
the front, and over > the; lapels lace*- was
laid. . and : in the lacevwere set small' gold
beads.' The fbelt. was pointed and was !n
'orange panne with a link .arrangement
of gold s coin,' . or . the semblance of gold'
coin. ; So with' the' stock. . - It -was in burnt
- orange velvet: with 1 a 'little 'chain ¦armor
. An exceedingly: rich costume worn -by
Mrs Depew was 1 in. black panne cloth. It
was ' tailored upon the severest lines and
suggested a ; London finish rather than a
fussy Paris one." The seams were stitched
in three rows up and down % the skirt,
and .the foot - had . a. very; conventional
graduated flduiice, allof lustrous black.;-'
These metal belts are lined, and? are
worn ':. over iblack - velvet," white taffeta,
turquoise, red ; or. whatever may be the
color of ». the f trimmings.".
used in It, and for this ,. purpose ¦ there
come very pretty Imitation turquoise
stones,' '* set ¦ in {, a ' gold • rim 'and ; finished
with tiny ; wire; loops • by : which : they can
be sewed or connected with \ the . girdle.
'¦\ For, evenings arid dinners there' are. new ;
; f ads, : some of them ; of a' very^ sensatldnal
order. ¦/ A ; bracelet L that clasps around the
arm far" above the elbowjls one | of these,
•and,' like, : the 1 thuinb ' ring, . is said "to '.be'
Immense, chatelaines ; are \ worn .^and
big 'beaded bags, 'the bigger and more
elaborate the better. V They : are" lined with
satin and ¦ one ,side ¦ may be \ of /satin." £
| For. the benefit of the woman wh^ is go
ing to crochet her own beaded bag It may
be related that .some',' of -the' newest of
these articles ' are '¦¦ beaded ¦ only,' up*on/ one ,
side, '•"• the : other being/ of :- brocade. / This
saves a great /deal . of work, for only half
of thebagineed- be beaded:'- ' ¦ ) .,;.._,
¦They, are making' big, flat, square bags
of brocade f: and .beading a; parternHupon
them. "Across the front of a big belt'bag
of I yellowish gold j satin there -.was" beaded
a monogram in gold' beads, with -here "and.
there a pearl : bead, set , in.*; .The clasp arid
chain, were of .gold. V; . ;:~ ••»; r . » ¦..-'./
Immense Belt Bags.
of gold looping It ¦ here and there. The
cuffs were in orange velvet,, turned back
and setting out from the sleeve, and
were • overlaid ; with , lace set" with gold
beads. . .' ' ." -<
various are Its uses. It can be /worn
upon the bust. It v can be worn at the^
back of the stock.
' With the low coiffure it Is worn' at the
.side, a star chou under each ear, with"
hanging ends. The chou for this purpose
Is made out of a yard of . ribbon, . and Is
much ' more delicate in size and treat
•ment, narrower ribbon -being employed.'
A set of six star choux was recently
.made for a handsome gown in black and
.butter color taffeta.- The choux were in
swallow blue. ¦ One, the L medium sized
one, was for. the side of. the yoke. Two
¦ tiny ones trimmed the stock.. Two more
were used upon the. cuffs, and one. large
one secured the "narrow swallow blue
velvet belt. ,' .
Eccentric Jewelry. >
It is the day of! eccentricity In adorn
ments. Tiny gold, pieces looking like
gold dollars are strung together by. the
tiniest of links, and. row after row v of
them are • connected to make. a belt.' .The
bejt in question is a very; deep fone 'and
is fashioned in such <a manner I that tt
comes down to a point in front. There
Is a. complicated chain ¦ of small i gold
pieces and links. Turquoises are 1 also
Continued Prom Page Ten.
FRIL.L.S AND FURBELOWS FOR FME FR OGKS.
miles out we stationed ourselves— that m,
Kreggy and I. When they; came along,
with a shotgun in one man's lap, while
the other, drove, and • the negro sat be
tween them handcuffed, we stepped from
behind a tree and leveled our Sharpe's, and
you bet they stopped. We were not
masked. We did not need to be. We made ,
"I will tell you of our last deed, 'in 1859.
A . farmer named Krew, living in I Bates
County, Missouri,; had eleven slaves, that
he' was abusing. We called on him one
and pr ar, xor help and strength. . We boys
were not as goad sometimes as we; might'
have been, but old man Brown; always
prayed.. 1
•THE SLAVE FOWEB w»'h MTJBDEBED MY BOT. I IZVE FOB
BEVENGB ON" THE SLAVE POWEB."
day and - got' the drop on him. . He was
going I. to', fight first, but ;. saw ; we meant
business. We took all of his eleven slaves
and 'started' North. ¦ We , got i to /Chicago,
where we hid In an old mill. By this time
detectives all over the United States 'were
hunting, for us, and we kept mighty close. ,
"One night we heard a rap* at ; the door.
Old '¦¦¦ man. Brown answered?,"' and there
stood Allen' Plnkerton, that famous de-
cars to ' take us to Detroit secretly. We
loaned the ' negroes ; on and got -on our
selves, and left Chicago. At Detroit 'old
man Brown says to me, Tou ' take those
slaves into Canada,* get them located and
then coma back. ; We *fo going to Har
per's Ferry, where we will wait for youV
I took : the , slaves, got - on a' ferry and
snapped my, fingers at all the detectives
in America and was soon In Canada.
"From that time on we carried on our
warfare 'in different parts of the country,
as all persons know who , have read his
tories. We. might have had fifty in our
band, but we seldom had over a dozen.
It was not safe to travel with more. We
always traveled together at night. "In
the day time we divided up, perhaps one
going alone or two together, but. we al
ways nad our meeting, place fixed for the
next evening, perhaps ten or twenty
miles away.. I had a wife then living In
Lawrence, and once In a while I got to
see her, but never slept in the ". house.
When night cama I would, say gobd^by,
thinking perhaps for the ' last time, and
"For this a reward of 5800, was offered
for each of us dead or alive. That only
made us more determined.. The slave
State men might come and murder the
free Staters at will and never wal the re
ward offered for them. But Just as soon
as we started to get revenge we were
branded as criminals. Stop with that re
ward offered for us! Never! We started
out with new life.
"Sheriff Williams asked if we should
follow them any more, but Brown said
that was enough for that day and we
should go back and bury his boy. We did
not lose a single man. The next day we
buried Brown's son. The next week we
heard of some slave State- men on Potta
watoxnie Creek who were not behaving
welL Nine of xk went up there and we
cleared out every pro-slavery man on the
Creek. That is what was called the Potta
watomle murders.
They did not see us because. we kept be
hind the bill till we were ready and then
we opened with our rifles, «uid followed
this with our six-shooters. This para
lyzed them. They never returned the fire,
but fled. We killed twenty-three of the
bunch- We left the wagons and horses
there for the farmers, as they had been
stolen.
The Eton cut, that Is, the pattern that
is cut off at the belt line, is seen in many
a new form. Such liberties are taken with
the. Eton that it resembles its old self In
name only, but. as it Is a convenient and ;
descriptive title, the name remains with :
it." In. the' Etons are counted the littla
jackets that are straight round and rather
full in the back. They are cut off short '
" enough to show "the shirt waist under- ¦
neath and the front is slashed In a big.
high point, so that the Eton meets only
at the bust line.
The fashionable spring color will be\
navy blue in the dark tones and pink in '^
the light?- Pink and , gray and " the soft,
light tints will be seen 'for street wear.
Waists for day and evening show a ten
dency - to be double-breasted. They lap
over and button one aide, or they button
at one side without lapping, being so out
that the opening comes to simulate a doa
ble-breasted effect. _ ,
Even tho smallest of cloth boleras and
the thinnest ones, designed entirely for
spring wear, and meant to be worn Into
the . summer, have this peculiarity, that
they are double-breasted and fasten with
a button, or a clasp, or an ornament of
some sort.
Gauze, that erstwhile, frivolous trim
ming, has now taken* a standard place. It
comes with satin stripes of allk and it .
can be trimmed with lace. Much of tha
gauze Is open-work, with a lacey stripe
through It; and thera coma ganza rlbbena
that combine lace and satin. These arc
called . millinery ribbons. They are used;
not only for hata, but for bodices. Two
yards of handsome gauza to be employed
as a trimming for an evening shirt waist
is an excellent Investment. Used as tha
basis for a bunch of silk roses, it Is very
decorative, and employed merely, as a
bodice trimming. It is more than rood.
It can be worn again and again and far
exceeds chiffon in durable qualities. Two
yards, say, of black satin striped gauze
can be worn many times upon a bodica.
The New Waist. .
Laces Are Cheap.
Lace.' which took once t> second placa)
to chiffon, now classes wit* It in point of
popularity and price, and can be bought
without the expenditure of a fortune. Tha
imitation laces are so very good and so -
cheap that lovers of lace need not go with
out, but may gratify their desires, In that
they can have lace at reasonable rates,
at about the same ratio of expense as any
other handsome trimming; Indeed, classed
with Jeweled passepenterle, It Is much
•lower.
If one desires an evening gown, and
does not wish to wear a low necked af
fair, there are so many others from which
one can choose that the low, bare neck
is far from obligatory.
The lace ruffle of duchess Is attached to
a band of panne velvet ribbon and worn
around the throat, as high as a choker.
Then comes a strip of bare neck, then .a
lace ruffle which hangs from the bust line.
A lace ruffle Is also attached to tha belt
and around the foot there Is another ruffla
of lace. This makes an individual trim
ming that can be worn with any gown.
y \v The Low Heck. •
\For the woman who does not Indulge In
the frivolity of a white satin gown nor a
white gown of any description there Is
black to fall back upon, elegant and ever
ladylike black: and there is tha new
brown, a tobacco color, which is made up
all of one tone without even a dash of
red r but which really looks better with
a little red to set it off. If no more than
a silk rose.
The low neck, which seems too giddy for
the woman of family, who has got out of
the way of It, can now be nicely substi
tuted by the neck of lace or by the lattice
neck,' which is so very effective. This Is
made of a lattice, of ribbon, tha. ribbons
crossing to make a network with openings
as largo as a dime. A very large lattice,
as big as a silver dollar, was observed;
upon an evening gown, and. In tha open
ing of the lattice, lace was set in the shapa
of little, medallions that were caught at
each side with invisible stitches.
minutest Inspection.
A white taffeta, dinner (own trimmed
with white chiffon Is the most easily con
trived frock under the sun. One can
scarcely go wrong with It, and when It Is
done and on one Is always well dressed.
The gown can be somewhat varied, if
need be. by th» choux, the flowers on*
wears, the jewelry and the stock, the belt
and hair trimmings.
For years one of the most widely knows
women In "Washington has owned on* din
ner gown. It is a white satin, and she re
news it from year to year. It is always
trimmed according to tha latest fancy,
and with It she wears pearls. Gall Ham
ilton, who was in her younger days on»
of the daintiest and dressiest of Washing
ton women, wore white universally, and
once when asked by Senator Sherman to
a dinner she "rushed into her whlto satin
and pearls" and was considered the most
tastefully arrayed woman present.
parties new look like debutante occasions
and white Is the dinner color of the hour.
With two handsome white dinner gowns
a woman can go through tha social sea
son, no matter how many may be her din
ner engagements, for there Is this about
white— that It Is white, and one white
gown differs from another only upon tha
"Well, we followed the -trail left- by
those raiders for . eleven miles to the
breaks of Middle Creek. There just be
low the brow of a hill the band had
stopped to camp. Some were bathing in
the stream, some were lying under 'the
wagons, some were picketing the horses
sod the others were preparing camp..
"That was the starting of John Brown.
No truer man ever lived. He never did
anything till his boy was murdered, and
never after that did he disturb peaceable
citizens. It was only when he heard of
some of the slave State men murdering
or disturbing peaceful citizens that' we
took after them, and then we swooped
down upon them before they knew what
was coming. We were called Jayhawkers
for this, because we lit like a jaybird. ;
murdered my boy. I live for revenge on
the slave power.' •¦ No one spoke for fully
ten minutes. It Was awful. Then Sheriff
Williams spoke up and asked If we should
follow the raiders. 'By all means, 1 said
Brown. Well, In less time than you could
imagine all of us got together and mount
ed horses for the chase. We all had
Bharpe rifles, while eight of us had two
Elx-shooters each In addition.
"It took ma tnrea wcmi t» rat tha
slaves located, and then I came back ta
meet tha • band at Harper 1 g Ferry, bat
did not succeed in my plan. When I sot
back Into tha States I learned that Lltu
tenant Lee had had a bloody Aattle with
tha band* at Harper's Ferry and old man
Brown was captured and was In jalL I
wanted to se* tha old man, but did not
dare for fear of giving myself away. X
went back to my homo In Kansas and en
listed In tha army and was mad* a cap
tain. At first they refused to enlist ma
because* I would not take an oath to sup
port tha laws of Congress, which X re
fused to do as long as the fugitive slave
law was on the statutes, but through an
Influential friend I finally got mustered. In
and did not take that oath, but did take
the oath ts support tha constitution of thm
Unl»J States, which I was glad to do. I
served through tha war, doing most of
my fighting In Texas with the rangers,
and we had some close calls. I was In
th» army threa yaars and five months.
I don't know why tha Lord has spared
me so well, but he has, and I am it ill
able to guard this courthouse."
"That was the kind of business we did, ;
although sometimes I feel a little bit .
ashamed of this case. " I remember, at
nights as we camped on the prairie and
cooked our supper never a time passed by 7
but old man Brown would raise his hands
and thank the Lord for his goodness. -
Kneeling In the dust there he would; pour,
out thanks for- having spared us thus far'.
the men take the handcuffs' oft the negr».'
Then we. noticed the old fellow's clothes \
were pretty bad; so we ordered his master
to change clothe3 with him. Oh, but. he*
hated to do" it: but he had to. Just-as
they^ started off the negro remembered he
had not changed hats, and called out. "Wo
brought down our Sharpe's again, and the
.man turned over his hat and then drove
on. We gave the 'negro the $500 we got
as a rgward, every cent 6t it, and started
him North. "We never heard of him again.
"We knew the road the men would take
on leaving town that evening, and a few
¦ :- A.
"I and Kreggy were young and. full of
the devil. "We asked the man about the
reward. He did. not know who we were,
and* told us the reward was genuine— that
it would be paid down cash on. the deliv
ery of the man. Just after dinner that
day I and Kreggy went down to old man
Brown's and told him our plan.' He hesi
tated, but then consented. We. took the
negro and turned him over to his master
and got the $500. / * *
"Johns Brown has been called a dead
beat, but no truer man ever lived. He
worked for the freedom of the slaves and
that alone, and you bet it was not good
for a slaveholder to start abusing his
slaves when we were around. ¦ One tune
a . negro escaped and found his way to
Brown's house, near Osawatomie."' A
short time afterward when I and Kleggy
were staying at the hotel in the town two
men drove up in a buggy and posted on
the front of the hotel a large sign offer
ing a big reward for the capture of this
slave, $500.
"Many have heard of the Hamilton
murder* I will tell you about that. T A
slave State man named . Hamilton came
over the border from Missouri. He round- ¦
ed up a lot of peaceful citizens/members 7
of the free State party— lined them up in
a gulch, and with his twenty followers
riddled them, arid all for nothing. )We :
then took after Hamilton and chased him
back Into Missouri. We caught three or
four of his band and hanged them on the
spot. ' Hamilton got away. .^
take to the woods. Many times my house
was surrounded. The generation of to-^
day knows, nothing of what that was. ;
t«cttv«, : mil alone. "We . thought - at one*
we were surrounded, but we were ready
- to fight," and mad* Plnkerton coma Inside.
-Plnkerton, however, instead of coming* to
., : capture ua, urn's to help us. He gave us
, a lot of money that had been raised by
- popular subscription in Chlcage and told
' us not to move till h a cuns back for us
In a day or two. "Well, old man Brown
trusted him and we stayed.
"When Pinkertbn came back In a couple
af dayt he had aecure.1 a, train with box
:¦:¦¦¦}.:¦¦¦' ¦ .
THE STJN DAY OAIiIi.
11
WAS IN THE JOHN BROWN RAID."Niagara—The Scene of Perilous Feats"
is the title of an article In .the February
Cosmopolitan. which [tells. the story of the
many who _. have year after year gone to
„ Niagara , seeking v > notoriety or— death.
From the 'earliest flays Niagara has been
"Sons of the Sword," by Margaret L.
Woods, is a story of Spain during the
Napoleonic period subsequent tothe Peace
of. Amiens. / A 'young English glrl, { Angela
Dillon; Is left In France, separated by the
vicissitudes" of war." from her family. She
falls under ¦ the ' protection of a famous
prlma donna, who takes her to Spain.
Sons of the Sword.
The; Bed Chancellor.
"The Red' Chancellor,',*,' by Sir:. William
Magnay," Is a dashing story of adventure. 1
The scene Is laid In; a small European
principality. The sovereign * of r this " state
Is entirely under the dominion , of: his
Chancellor. | This '.latter la a man of
boundless ' ambition,; and is perfectly un
scrupulous hvhls method ; of attaining his
purpose." • The story* is supposed to;b«r»- ;
lated by an Englishman, 4who ; is j staying
in the ' country. '; This \ manfah'd * some ac
quaintances 'of hls,' ; officials ; of { the" court,
become possessed of a state secret, which
A story, of Bath In the eighteenth cen
tury. In . which' the leading : characters are
real people of that time, Is "A / Nest of
Linnets," .by F. : F.lMoore. /The hero of
the romance Is Richard Brinsley Sheridan,
and { the ' heroine the jj beautiful ,. Elizabeth,
Linley, < whom g Sheridan r Dr.
Johnson," Goldsmith/; Garrick ', and ; many
other, notable' persons wander through the
pages of the book. The novel is sufficient
ly, .well written [ not : to lose by the intro
duction" of 1 ; characters whom ;the, reader
expects to i show at least a modicum ? of
the wit 'which they, possessed during 'life.
.'.Thel novel follows | closely." the historical^
account ," of \ the ¦ romance , which \ ended In
the marriage of the future writer "of "The,
School for, Scandal. 1 ' -Elizabeth Linley: 13
.the daughter. 1 of a music master of. Bath.
A Nest- of Linnets.
Although only in Its fourth year, the
first, edition of " Mr. -^Seton's first ¦ animal
book, "Wild Animals* I Have Known," is
already in requisition by collectors. Ad
vertisements for ; copies in good condition
have been appearing at frequent intervals
in the Publishers' Weekly and other simi
lar journals for months past, and the
price, has ; advanced from: $7' last autumn
to SlO-now. . •
The first edition of "this .book consisted
of only. 3000 copies. It has had fourteen
printings .since, ' and is now In Its 'one
hundred and fifth thousand.
A COLORADO COLO^EI*— By William
Carey Campbell. Crane & Co.. Topeka, Kans.
$1 5O.
OAKFORD — By Terry Bockover Gordon.
Tennyson-N'ee'.y Company. New York. |1 80.
SUCH STUFF AS DREAMS — By Charles
E. Russell. The Bowen-MetTlll Company, In
. dianapolis. ; •
Books Received.
Important features of the volume area
table cf statutes declared unconstitution
al, a table of 'parallel sections in the con
stitutions of 1849 and 1879, a table of Cali
fornia citations to the constitutions of
1S43 and 1S79 and an appendix containing
the constitution of ISO, the constitution of
the United States and the treaty, of Guad
alupe'Hidalgo. The- volume contains all
citations in the . Calif ornia Reports, vol
umes 1 to*' 132. ' < ¦',¦>,' ¦• ;
Edward F. Treadwell, LL.B., of the San
Francisco bar and author of the well
known "Annotated San Francisco Char
ter," Is the author of a new volume just
issued by the Bancroft-Whitney Com
pany entitled "The Constitution of tho
State of California." Like his earlier vol
ume, the value of his new work consists
mainly in its careful and scholarly anno
tations, which make it an invaluable ad
dition to the 'lawyer's working tools and
the layman's storehouse of information.
State Constitution Annotated.
Illustrative Lesson Notes.
Eatori\& Mains of the Methodist, Book
Depository (San Francisco and New York)
offer/ "Illustrative Lesson Note.s" for the
year of 1902." The 'notes ... are meant to
serve as a guide to the International Sun
day-school . Lessons. ¦ The book contains
passages from the Old and the NewTes-;
tament, according to both old and revised
editions, which are arranged in parallel
columns to comparison.', \". The
meaning of different points in these-pass
ages Is explained in footnotes.. These notes
are followed by short homilies on the dif
ferent j lessons.! The; book contains a full
complement of maps, . diagrams and pic
tures.- : (Price $125.) ; : •
., "The Lawrence System of Vocal and
Physical Expression,"- by . Edwin - Gordon"
Lawrence, is «a manual designed for the
usejbf public speakers who feel in need of
instruction, in the use of the voice; - The
bcok contains concise but clear directions
:'on ; the correct use of .the .vocal . organs.
'The book atms not to do away altogether
with the living instructor, but rather to"
supplement his v;ork. Still it offers many
vo.luablc I suggestions to those 'who wish
to dispense with the services of. a teach
er. :in- acquiring' merely" an
kr.cv/ledge of the principles of the art of
I oratory. ; . (Published by. 'the Lawrence
• Publishing Company, . New York. Price
no.. .; . ... ¦•'.. ¦•:¦'¦¦.-- ¦'• , -•; ... ; -¦
-. Burgess Nonsense Book.: 1 *'
The contents of "The Burgess Nonsense
Book"'are so clearly outllned.'on the tllle
page that It will , be worth while to quote
it in Ita entirety: < - /-./.; '
;¦% . THE BUAGESS NONSENSE BOOK, .
1 Being a" Complete \ Collection of the Humorous
''•¦'•', ~. Masterpieces of '
•':¦!./": ifGELETT BURGES3 ESQ...
j Sometime Editor of the Lark, Le Petit Journal j
} ¦';¦. des Refugees & Enfant Terrible. •«•
Including: the '. '"Purple > Cow' ' .-with Forty Odd
; - Nonsense '•¦ Quatrains, the . . '.'Chewing ' Gum
- Man" ' Epics, the iVGerrlsh Ghost .Sto
/ . ries/: Poems of Patagonia,' Curious
I' ¦":' ;";.' Cartoons, of
¦ t. "¦¦'¦ ' famous Goops and a Myr
.;">!"''"; -'lad:.' Impossibilities. :
1 : , • ' ¦ adorned with les» V
\ ¦-•-'. ¦' - ; -: ¦ • ' ¦¦'."¦ ¦':"!>' ' ¦.'• thair i;".-\" 'V
A Mllllco Heart-Rendlns Illustrations by the
pression.
Systom of Vocal and Physical Ex-
A new and thrilling story : by Joseph
Conrad, author, of "Lord Jim" and "Chil
dren of the Sea," will. begin in the "Feb
ruary number of The Critic" and run
through four numbers. The name of the
story? is "Typhoon," and the description
of a typhoon which occurs In Its pages is
a notable piece of descriptive writing. '
; I»iterarv j Notes.
Among the many romances dealing with
early Christian times there is numbered
yet another. "She Stands Alone,", by
Mark Ashton. Pilate's wife Is the cen
tral figure here. ' Her Varly life In Ath
ene, her marrlare to the Roman soldier
who became governor of . Jerusalem, . and
then her martyrdom in, Britain, are the
main events in a quickly changing -series
of dramatic scenes.. The book is written
in crisp, terse style, and the action
moves rapidly, unhindered by lengthy de
scriptions, although there is given a faith
ful picture of life- in, the various coun
tries where the different scenes are laid.
The book is well Illustrated. (Published
by I* C. Page & Co., Boston. Price,
$150-) ¦ _^_^_
She Stands Alone.
"When a Witch Is Young" is a R tale of
Massachusetts 'during the dosing years
of the seventeenth, century. Some of the
most important events in the history, of
that time are woven into a romance whose
hero is a protege of Governor. Sir William
Phipps. The heroine of the story is a
young girl wlur nearly ends her career
through an accusation of 'witchcraft
which is' brought against her during the
terrible- crusade-; against witches."- How
ever, her troubles' have a happier ending
than those of many of the. women' who
were suoposed . to be In league with the
powers of darkness.: The story is passably
interesting., (Published by R. F. Fenno
dV-Co., New, York. Price $1 5O.)>
When a Witch Is Youiigv
Speaking of the lesson to be learned
from the War of 1812. in his chapter in
volume VI of Clowes' "The Royal Navy,"
published in this country by Little, Brown
& Co. of Boston, President Roosevelt
says:
"There is unquestionably a great differ
ence in fighting capacity, as there Is a
great difference in intelligence, | between
certain races. But there are a number of
races, each of which is intelligent, each
of which has the fighting edge. Among
these races the victory in any contest will
go to the man or the nation that has
earned it by thorough preparation. This
preparation was absolutely necessary In
the days of sailing ship's; but the need
for it is even greater now, if It be intend
ed to get full benefit from the delicate
and complicated mechanism of the for
midable war engines of the present day.
"No education will fit a coward, a fool,
or a weakling for naval life. But, as a
rule, the war fleets of great nations are
neither commanded nor manned by cow
aids, fools and weaklings; and among
brave «nd Intelligent men of different
race-stceks. when the day of battle
comes, the difference of race will be
found to be as nothing compared
with differences In thorough and practi
cal training In advance."
It seems about time to cry a halt to the
publication of letters from some one of
little importance to some one else of less.
Each volume of. such letters printed now
appear of less merit than the ; one preced
ing it. The latest letters, those Qf "Mil
dred's Mother to Mildred," seem to have
sounded the depths of the meretricious In
literature. The only example this collec
tion can serve is that" of a book to be.
avoided by decent-minded people. The let
ters, supposed to U>e from an actress to
her daughter, who is also an actress, are
a chronicle cf a phase of life whose vul
garity is described with a frankness any
thing but agreeable. (Published by the
J. S. Ogilvie Co.. New York. Price $1J
letters of Mildred's Mother.
the ; Chancellor Is determined never -to
have known. They find out that', their
lives are to pay the forfeit of their knowl
edge of the secret. The history of', the,
efforts of these men to escape to a coun
try where they will be safe forms the
chief part of the story. .There is a,beau
tiful maid of honor, who becomes in
volved in the danger surrounding the
Englishman and his friends. '.Her connec
tion with the affair, lends a romantic in
terest to a series of thrilling- situations.
(Published by Brentano, New York.) ; \ "
Twenty-one years ago Mr; James went
from England 'to the State of Nevada.
There for seven years he was' a mission
ary to the Indians, living in almost daily
contact with <he Parutis and other tribes.
It was then that Mr. James began inti
mate acquaintance with Indian life and
lore, which was later to yjeld material
for literary work. Thirteen years ago Mr.
James began a series of original explora
tions In the branch canyons of the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado River in Arizona.
These explorations Mr. I James - has kept
up" ever . since, and during ; them he has
spent weeks at a time in' the Canyon.
Among novels which seem to retain
their hold longest on the reading public,
the religious novel stands near the head,
and there is no better selling literary
property than the well-written stoifc
which has for Its underlying motive a vi
tal religious theme. Possibly a reason for
this lies in the fact that many people who
look askance upon general novel reading
have no conscientious scruples as to
stories of a religious nature. Take, for
instance, a book that delighted readers
of the last generation, "The Prince of the
House of David," by Bishop J. H. Ingra
ham, which has sold over 4,000,000 copies—
the copyright having expired. Then fol
lows "Ben Hur," with its record of 725.000,
still growing; arid there, too, is Dr. "Van
Dyke's beautiful little book, "The Other
Wise Man." Instead of falling off In Its
sales from year to year, as most .works
of fiction do, the Harpers state that "The
Other Wise Man-" has sold better in 1901
than in any previous year since Its publi
cation. A French translation of the book,
done by Mme. E. Auziere, has Just been
issued at Paris in artistic form.
Her beauty and the loveliness of her voice
draw about . her a crowd of the elegant
Idlers who frequent the fashionable town.
Among these is a certain Captain Ma
thews*, whose attentions to the beautiful
Miss Linley become marked. In order to,
save herself from the life of a singer, the
publicity of which she hates, Elizabeth
becomes engaged to a wealthy man, Mr.
Long, who has promised to allow her to
lea*d a life of- peace and seclusion. Eliza
beth and Richard' Sheridan love each
other, but the latter is too poor to marry.
Even after the announcement of ' Eliza
beth's engagement, Captain Mathews con-'
tinues to 'persecute her with , his ¦ unwel
come attentions>until it is discovered that
he is already married. Even after that
he trita to carry Elizabeth away to Lon
don iri a carriage, to which he has lured
her by a ruse. ; Sheridan hears of the cap
tain's perfidy in time to catch up with
the carriage before it has gone far. He
rescues - Elizabeth # from the captain and
carries ¦ her off himself. Sheridan and
Elizabeth , rriarry and 'settle 'down /> to a
brief period of quiet happiness, which is
later to have its end in the beginning of
Sheridan's brilliant career. (Published by
' -D.'-Appletbn ¦ & Co, New York. Price
$1.50.) . i . ' '. , y . • , ,
Mr." James , is said -to be ' the only white
'man ' who r has - ever been down * every
known. trail in the canyon, from Lee'd
Ferry ; to Peach Springs, a distance of
over 600 miles. Furthermore, Mr. James
has "explored several hitherto unknown
portions of the canyonJ He has taken
several thousand photographs of, various
parts of the canyon. In addition to "In
and Around the Grand Canyon," which
has become the standard .work on its sub
ject, Mr. James has written "Old Missions
and Mission Indians of California," Vln
dian Basketry," various books and
pamphlets on Southern California, and
numerous articles for prominent maga
zines. Mr. James' home Is now iri Pasa
dena, though for the past four years ne
has Bpent most of his time lecturing in
the Eastern States. At present Mr.
James is engaged 'in preparing a new
edition of "Old Missions and Mission In
dians of California," and in writing two
books, "Tourlsfs Guide to the Grand
¦ canyon," and "The Indians of the Paint
ed Desert Region." The latter work will
deal. with the tribes of the Hopi. Navaho,
Havasupai and Wallapai Indians.
Slay peace and say I throttled crime! .
Ring round with flame the savage horde! . ,
Weave crimson in th^ robe of time.
"With saber* stroke and thrust of lance
I shake the regions of content, j
'And teach the hosts of ignorance
: The sweetness '. of enlightenment !.. f ., ..- -.
I search for sold and gleaming gem,
Seize fairest Islands of the sea, - >
Find simple folk and fling to them ,
From cannon mouth— Humanity! '¦, ' ". ,
I seek the realm where . dullards 'dwell,
I make each brutish : weakling feel <> '
The good there Is in shriek of shell, \ "s
The blessings wrought by fire and steel; .;;
.•' ' '¦*::- "¦ ',*¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦'/'¦ - ' ' ¦ ' ¦' - .' \ -¦¦'¦'::
What matter if. death's pride be woe." ',¦',;
Or "weakness be the' slave of might;
Is progress not a .conqueror^ ¦
'. 'And power another name for right? .' .
What matter If I crush the free,
. Or if ten million men be slain.
Am I not lord of destiny,,:
i The , Anglo-Saxon cod of galnt
' ' THE VOICE OF CONQUEST.
, I hew my pathway with the sword!
A short volume of poems entitled "The
"VToives of the Sea," and written by Her
bert Eashford, is published by the Whit
aker & Ray Company, San Francispo.
While none of the^poems show any great
amount of talent; there' is about -them a
certain rugsed simplicity which saves
them from being altogether^ insignificant.
One of the poems will serve^as an exam
ple of the rest: ;.. / y s " \; ' ' .
The "Wolves of the Sea>
T?N the above picture -you would .have : .
difficulty in recognising "the yhite
j[ man" as George Wharton James—po!
ished man of the world, lecturer and
author. Still, this^ is really. Mr. James,
and it- gives the. key • to why he Is
the best informed man on Indian .
subjects that is now living! -. . Mr.
James believes In the old saying, "When •
in Rome do as the Romans -do!" When
Mr. James is with the Indians he becomes
to all, intents and purposes an Indian him
self. : He wins their confidence,, makes "
trlends of them, and yet all of this time ,
he is the scientist at heart and diligently
making notes for the rest of us who seek
information, but have not the, stamind, to
risk the hardships of the trail in the pur-"
suit of our knowledge. " . ' .
Early -in the spring MnL James is to
undertake a trip down the Colorado River,
never aa yet attempted by any white man. ¦
The Sunday Call readers will have the full
benefit of his exploration; without its at-/
tendant difficulties and hardship, for Mr. ;
James is to furnish us with pictures and
matter especially selected.
While there Angela meets a French sol
dier. Hector Vidal, who falls in love with
her, and who, for her sake, braves the
displeasure of the Emperor. Vldal and
Angela marry. The former then goes off
to war, and by his bravery succeeds in re
gaining Napoleon's favor. But he is killed
In battle before he can return tohls'wlfe.
Angela Is not left without protection,
however, as she has become united to her
family. The story,' except for Its historic
interest, which, however, is not. great, is
unsatisfactory. Even the Introduction of
Napoleon as one , of the characters does
not tend to enliven its interest. (Pub
lished by- McClure, Phillips & Co., New
York. Price $1 50.) '
Among Doubleday, Page & Co.'s late)
winter and spring announcements are
"The Colonials," a novel by Allen French;
"The Leopard's Spots," a romance of tha
white man's burden, by Thomas Dixon
Jr., and Ellen Glasgow's new novel, en
titled "The Battleground." Also "An In
troduction to the Study of English Poet
ry." by Professor Hark Llddell. who Is
editing a new Shakespeare; "The Life of
James Madison," by Gaillard Hunt, which
is the first of the "Biographical History
of the United States Series." and "A Re«
trospect of Some Literary Immortals," a
novel of essays by Franci3 W. Halsey.
The same house will also shortly pub
lish the much heralded "Variorium Fitz
gerald" In several limited editions of sev
en volumes each, and a new set of their
"little Masterpieces," including Emerson. -
Bacon, Goldsmith. Swift, Johnson and
Milton. A novel by "J. P. M." author of
"A. Journey to* Nature" and "The Mak
ing of a Country Home," is promised, and
"The Mysteries of the Sea," a novel by
Brarn Stoker.
The American Monthly Review of Re
views for February has many articles o£
exceptional merit by wall known people-
Here is ita contents:
"Conditions That Discourag-e Scientific
Work in America," Professor Simon
Newcomb, LI* D. A -"^l' £T\
"How Civil Government Was Estab
lished in Porto Kico." Charles H. Allen. ;.
"The Conference for Industrial Peace."
Oscar S. Straus.
"Launching jp. Battleship From the Con
gressional "Ways," W. McAdoo. '
"The Proposed Pan-American Union,
Prince A. de Yturbide.
. "Ivan Turgenev," Charles Whlbley.
"American Travelers and the Treasury
Department," F. W. Wbitridge.
"The Oligarchy of the Senate," Maurice
Low.
John' Philip Sousa, known from pole to
pole, from sunrise to sunset aa the March
King, has written a story— a story of love)
and of a wonderful violin. All the inten
sity, all the blitheness. all the delicacy, all
the unique dramatic power of the- soul
that gave the world its premier marches,
floods this passionate romance. The key
of the story finds origin in the extra key
on the violin, a new theme comes Into
the range of the Instrument, a new theme
cornea Into literature. Mr. Sousa ha*
called his book "The Fifth String." How
ard Chandler Christy has set the charac
ters before the eyes bewltchlngly.
Lieutenant James G. "Walker, U. S. N..
the son of Rear Admiral "Walker, was In
charge of the Nicaragua Survey of 1898. •
He went over the ground thoroughly ami
took many photographs. Consequently ha
is In a position to write with considerable
authority on the Nicaragua question, and
his new book, "Ocean to Ocean," Is
awaited with Interest by Americans who
want the last word on the question. It
will be published this spring by A. C.
McClurg «£c*Co., Illustrated with reproduc
tions of original photographs, with, «ev
eral new maps.
contented in the plac« where God hath planted
us? or «hall there go leas time to the making
cf a man than to tbs growth of a tree? This
stream floweth wlmpling and laughing down
to the great sea which it knoweth not; yet it
doth not fret because the future la hidden;
and doubtless it were wise in us to accept
the mysteries of life as cheerfully and go for
ward with a merry heart, considering that we
know enough to make us happy and keep us
honest for to-day. A man should be well
content If ho can eee to far ahead of him
a« the next bend In the stream. What lies
beyond, let him trust In the hand of God. '
"But aa concerning riches, wherein ehould
you and I be happier, this pleasant afternoon
of May. had we aU the sold in Croesus his
coffers? Would the tun chine for us more
"This fair tree that shadows na from the
sun hath grown many years In lt« place with- 1
out more unhappiness than the lose of Its
leaves In winter, wrhlch' the succeeding season
doth renerouely repair; and ehall we be less
"But let me tell you that an angler's occupa
tion U a good cure 'for theee evils, If for no
other reason, because It gently dissuadeth us
from haste and leaflets us away from feverish
anxieties Into those ways which are pleasant
ness and those paths which are peace. For
an angler cannot force his fortune by eager
ness, nor better It by discontent. He must
wait upon the weather, and the height of the
water, and the hunger of the fish, and many
other accidents of which he has no control.
If he would angle well, he must not be in
haste. And If he be in haste, he will do well
to unlearn It by angling, for I think there is
no rurer method.
controversies among those who would fain
leave no room for modest Ignorance and lowly
faith among the secrets of religion; and by
all these miseries of haste the heart grows
¦weary, and Is made weak and dull, or else
hard and angry, while It dwelleth In the midst
cf them.
"For how much of the evil that Is In the
world cometh from this plapuey habit of be
ing In haste! The haste to get riches, the
haste to climb upon some pinnacle of worldly
renown, the haste to resolve mysteries — from
these various kinds of haste are begotten no
email part of the miseries and afflictions
whereby the children of men are tormented"
euch as quarrels and strifes among those who
would overreach one another In business; envy
ings and jealousies among those who would
outshine one another in rich apparel and costly
equipage; bloody rebellions and cruel wars
among those who would obtain power over
their fellow men; cloudy disputations and bitter
"To epeak without ©Cense, eir." he began,
"there was a word In your discourse a moment
ago that seemed strange to me. You epoke
of being 'in a hurry,' and that is an expression
which Is unfamiliar to my ears; but if it mean
the same as being in haste, then I must tell
you that this is a thing which, in my Judg
ment, honest anglers should learn to forget and
have no dealings with it. To be in haste Is
to be in anxiety and distress of mind; it la
to mistrust providence and to doubt that the
issue of all events is in wiser hands than ours;
it is to disturb the course of nature, and put
overmuch confidence in the Importance of our
own endeavors.
In "The Gentle Life" the praises of a
life of peace and of the beauty of nature
are sung by no less a personage than
Izaak Walton. On a day in. spring in our
own time a man is sitting by the side of a
stream waiting for the appearance of a
friend who has gone fishing some distance
away. "Upon his musings breaks the
noise made by some one walking near.
The man looks up in time to see a
stranger catch a trout In an unusually
skillful manner. This stranger, who is
dressed In the fashion of a bygone day,
stops and enters into conversation with
the father. In answer to an Inquiry he ad
mits that he is Izaak "Walton. In the con
versation which ensues Walton extols the
pleasures of a life passed far from
the misery and confusion of cities. After
a little Walton goes on his way and
passes out of sight, and. of course, out of
the dream of the other. What he says
before he leaves Is worthy of the wisdom
of one from beyond the land of dreams. It
is in part as follows: .
In the first story. "A Lover of Music."
It is a ylolin which Is the object of the
ruling passion in the life of a French
Canadian, Jacques Tremblay. This man
appears suddenly In a small American
village, where he settles down to a quiet
life as village musician. Treblay will
reveal nothing of his past, but the vil
lagers learn to trust and love him for the
gentle nature which they find him to pos
sess. The story of the Influence which
music exerts upon this man's life is very
touchingly and beautifully told.
In e^ery life worth writing, about there U
a ruling passion— "the very pulee of the ma
chine." Unless you touch that you are grop
ing around outside of reality. Sometimes it is
romantic love, nature's masterpiece of benefi
cent selfishness. • • • But there are other
passions no less real,. Which also have their
place and power in human lire. Some of them
come earlier and sometimes they last longer,
than romantic love. They pley alpngside of it
and are mixed up with it. now checking it.
now advancing- its flow and tlngreins It with
their own color. • * * Music, nature, chil
dren, honor, strife, revenue, money, pride.
friendship, loyally, duty— -to these objects end
others like them the secret power of personal
passion often turns. . and the life unconsciously
rollows it, as the tides in the sea follow the
moon In the sky. ¦ ¦'¦¦' \
Wben circumstances cross the ruling passion,
when rocks lie in tlie way, and winds are con
trary, then things happen, characters emerge,
elight events are significant, mere adventures
are transformed into a real plot. • • • To
tell about some of these ruling passoins, sim
ply, clearly and concretely, is what I want to
do in this book. The characters are chosen,
for the most part, among plain people, be
cause their feelirss are expressed with fewer
•words and greater truth, not being costumed
for social eltect. The scene is laid on nature's
stage because I like to be out-of-doors, even
when I am trying to think and learning to
write.
ry* COLLECTION of short stories by
f I Henry Van Dyke appears In book.
A— 4 form under the title "The Ruling
V, 1 Passion." In the preface Dr. Van
JL Dyke explains his choice of. a titlo
for the book:
The, other stories are "A Brave --Heart,"
"The White Blot" and "A Year of Nobil
ity." These, like the rest, are excellent.
To be sure, there is not to be found in
them the excitement and sudden surprises
which form a prominent feature of the
romances of certain popular authors. ; In
stead, they offer stories of noble lives,
told very simply,, very gracefully, very
artistically. (Published by Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York.). •¦„-..
A devotion to duty bo great that all self
ish considerations fade before" It Is the
theme of the last tale, "The Keeper of the
Light." A lighthouse Is established on a
lonely island. In charge of it are placed
a man and his family. The efforts which
these people make in keeping the light
burning under difficulties which beset
them are of the sort which sometimes
cause common people to become uncom
mon heroes. ¦ •
Of one of the best of his stories, "A
Friend of Justice," a dog is the real hero,
and a real hero he is, too. His name is
Pichou. Not only Is he of an appearance
extremely ugly, but he looks so ferocious
that men and fellow dogs consider him a
natural enemy. At heart Pichou is gentle
and well disposed toward all the' world.
But as most of us judge by externals it Is
taken for granted that Pichou'B ruling
passion is fighting. Forced to defend him
self from attacks on all sides, his great
strength enables him to emerge victorious
from every encounter. As a result Pichou
becomes ,the terror of every neighborhood
In which he lives. The dog has one firm
friend, who understands and loves him
and In whose service he sacrifices his life.
The story is not only entertaining, but,
what is surprising in animal stones .of
this day, natural. Although Pichou is
very clever, still he is like the animals of
real life, and not like certain story book
animals, whose conversations -read' like
the discourses of a philosopher.
¦ In "The Reward of Virtue" It is love for
tobacco that forms,* not the ruling pas-,
sion, perhaps, but one that is strong
enough to exert a marked Influence upon
the comfort of the leading character. This
man decides It to be his duty to save for
a certain purpose the money which he
would otherwise spend upon tobacco. His
struggles against his inclination to smoke
are so great as to be almost heroic. His
reward conies sooner than he e'xpects, and
brings with it the possibility of a return
to the object of his devotion.
"There are two sorts of seeds sown in our
remembrance by what we call the hand of
fortune, the fruits of which do not wither,
but grow sweater forever and forever. The
first is the seed of innocent pleasures, received
with gratitude and enjoyed with companions,
of which pleasures we never grow weary of
thinking, because they J have '. .enriched * ! our
hearts. The second Is the seed j of pur| and
gentle sorrows, borne In submission' and with
faithful love, and .these also we never forget,
but we come to cherish them with gladness
Instead of grief, because we see tbem changed
to everlasting 'joys."
"No, no, sir; he that departeth out of this
world without perceiving that It is j fair and
full • of innocent sweetness hath done little
honor to the every-day miracles of divina
beneficence; and though by mercy he may ob
tain an entrance into heaven, • it will be a
strange place . to him; and though he have
studied all that it written in men's books of
divinity, yet because he hath left the book of
nature unturned he will have much to learn
and much to forget. Do you think that to be
blind to the beauties of earth prepareth the
heart to behold the glories of heaven? Nay.
I know that you are not of that opinion. • • •
"Trust me, it is the part of wisdom to spend
little of your time upon the things that vex
and anger you, and 'much of y&ur time upon
the things that bring you quietness and con-.
fldence and good cheer. A friend made Is
better than an enemy punished. There is. more
of dod In the peaceable beauty of this little
wood-violet than in all the angry disputations
of the sects. We are nearer heaven when we
listen to the birds than when we quarrel with
our fellow men. I am eure that none can enter
Into the spirit of Christ, hia evangel, save
those who willingly follow his invitation when
he says, 'Come ye yourselves apart into a ,
lonely place and rest awhile.' For since hla
blessed kingdom was first established In the
ereen fields, by the lakeside, with humble fl»h
ermen for its subjects, the easiest way Into
It hath ever been through the wicket of a
lowly and grateful fellowship with nature. He
that feels not the beauty and blessedness and
peace of the woods and the meadow* that God
hath bedecked with flowers for him even while
he is yet a sinner, how shall he learn to en-
Joy the unfading bloom of the celestial country
if he ever become a paint? . . . . •
bravely, or the flowers give forth a sweeter
breath, or yonder warbling vlreo, hidden In her '
leafy choir, send down more pure and musical
descants, sweetly attuned by natural maglo
to woo and win our thoughts from vanity and
hot desires into a harmony with the tranquil
thoughts of God? As for fame and power,
trurt me, sir, I have seen too many men In
my time that live very unhappily though
their names were upon all lips, and died very
eadly. though their power was felt in many
lands; too many of these great ones have I
6een that spent their days in disquietude and
ended them In sorrow, to make me envy.- their
conditions or hasten to rival. them. Nor do
I think that, by all their perturbations and
fightings and runnings to -and fro, .the world
hath been much bettered, or even--:' greatly,
changred. The color and complexiOO»of .mortal
life. In all things that are essenTfel, ..remain
the same under Cromwell or under ' Charles.
The goodness and mercy of God are still over
all His works whether Presbytery! or; Episco-^
pacy set up as his interpreter. Very quietly^
and peacefully have I lived under several poll
ties.' civil and ecclesiastical, and ¦ under all
there was room enough to do my duty and
love my friends End go a-flshing. - And let
me tell you. sir, that In the state wherein I
now find myself, though there are many
things of which I. may not speak to you, yet
one thing is clear; if I had made haste in my
mortal concerns I should not have saved time,
but lost It; for all our affairs are under one
sure dominion which moveth \ them forward to
their concordant end: wherefore 'he that, be
lleveth shall not make haste,' and, above all,
not when he goeth a-angling< • • • . .
"Was Reuben Happy? I should Say: Ha
Laughed and Sang the Livelong Day.
He Made his Mother Smile with Joy to See
her Sunny-Tempered Boy.
However, she was Not so Gay when Reub Re
fused to Stop his Play!
* • • , .
Don't Think that Timothy was ill because he
Sometimes Kept to Still.
He Knew His Mother Did Not Care to Hear
. . Him Talking- Everywhere.
He aid not Tease, he did Not Cry, but he was
Always Asking "WHYr*
' "The Bohemians of Boston" Is a poem
too amusing to b« passed without notice,
even If It appear, familiar to some.
The "Orchids" were as tough a. crowd
As Boston anywhere allowed;
It wai a club of wicked men—
The oldest, twelve j the youngest, ten:
They drank their soda -colored «reen.
They talked of "Art" and "Philistine,"
They wore buff "weB"eoaU," and their hair.
It used to make the waiter* itarel
They were bo shockingly behaved
And Boston thought them »o depraved.
Policemen, stationed at the door.
Would raid them every hour or morel
They used. to smoke (0 and laugh out loud (!)
They were a very devilish crowd!
They formed a cult, far subtler, brainier.
Than ordinary' Anglomania.*
For all as Jacobites were reckoned. . ,
And gayly toasted Charles the Secondl
(What would the Bonnie Charlie say
If he could see that crowd to-day?)
" Fltz-Willleboy McFlubadub .
Was regent of the Orchids' Club: .
u A -wild Bohemian was he,
And spent his money fast and free.
He thought no more of spending dimes
' On some debauch of pickled limes,
Than you would think of spending nickels
To buy a pint of tJerman pickles!
The Boston maiden passed him by '
With sidelong glances of her eye, • ».
" She dared not speak (he was so wild),
Tet worshiped this Lotharian child.
Fitz-Willieboy was so blase,
. He -burned a Transcript up, one dayl .
The Orchids fashioned all their style
On Flubadub's' infernal guile.
That awful Boston oath was his —
¦ He^sed to 'jaculate, "Gee-Whiz!"
He' showed them that immoral haunt.
• The dirty Chinese restaurant, •
And there they'd find him. even when [
• It got to be as late as ten! .
: He ate chopped suey (with a fork).
You should have heard the villain talk
Of one reporter that he knew (!) .
"An artist, and an actor, too!!! -.
! The Orchids went' from bad to worse,
Made epigrams — attempted .verse!
Boston was horrified and shocked
To hear, the way these Orchids mocked.
I r For they made fun of Boston ways,
And called good men Provincial Jays!
The end must come to such a story.
Gone is the wicked Orchids' glory,
.' The room was raided by police.
One night, for breaches of the peace.
(There had been laughter, long and loud.
In Boston this is not allowed).
And there, the sergeant of the squad '.
Found' awful evidence— my God! —
Fitz-WIllieboy McFlubadub,
•/he" regent of the Orchids* Club,
... Had written on the window sill.
. This shocking outrage — "Beacon H — 11!"
The quatrains mentioned on the title
page are those which became so . well
known during the life of the "Lark." Be
sides the famous "Purple Cow" there ap
pear others scarcely less popular.' There
are many good things in the book; for the
"masterpieces" make up a good-sized
- volume. Those who are not too dignified
to laugh will find here the means of pass
ing many an agreable half hour. (Pub
lished by the Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany, New York. Price $2 15.) .
The Goops appear again here with their
queer morals and queerer figures, ine
following naughty children are among
those of the Goop alphabet:
Oh. Uushat Laban. if you "Will, but he was
•' Brave when he was 111.
When he was 111. he was so Brave he Swal
lowed All his Mother Gave.
But Somehow, She could never Tell why he
was Worse when he wa3 Well. "
Anther the "Whol* forming * 'Book rt
Blissful Boah for. the". Blase : an Amusln*
Anttdot© to Mo<i«rn NeurMtn«niai a stim
ulatingSpur , to / TboufHtHisneM, »na a
Reitful Recreation fof.the Buper-Clrlllxed.
\ the Over-Educated and the Hyper-Refined.
• Carefully Expurj&ttd of att Reason. Pur
pose and Verisimilitude toy a Corps or Ir
responsible Idiots. An extraneous Torn* of
Twaddle, an Infallible
CYCLOPEDIA 05* BALDERDASH,
ferocious Fancies and Inconsequential. Vaga
ries. Than which Nothing Could
the Mecca of those who valued tlielr live*
lightly, and tha story of Sam Patch.
Blondln, Maria Speltertna. the Jealous
Ballenl'a attempt to cut the cable on
which his rival was performlnf over th»
seething Whirlpool Rapids, Peter Nlssen's
Ill-fated "Fool-Killer" and Captain
"Webb's last swim la carried flown to Mrs.
Taylor, the only survivor of a trip over
the great falls.
LIFE WORK OF GEORGE WHARTON JAMES
THE SUNDAY C ALI*
12
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
' Laden with Sentiment, . t
i Or Gay with Frivolity. T^fl
No Lace Paper. 1
Various Prices Iron 53 , I
i cents to ........ p
10c.
* Elder and Shcpard, 1
j 238 .POST STDEET. | !
I NOW ISSUED. ?
Charles Warren Stoddard's
"In the Footprints
of Jhe Padres."
Mr. Stoddard sets forth la thb
work his recollections of early
. days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once In or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE -$1SO NET.
; A. M. RO3ERTSON,
l Pub' Isher. 26 Post Street.
o 613
THB STOPAY OAJLL,Best-Known Club Women on the Pacific Coast
expressive face charming and pass by the
really beautiful one unnoticed. And how
far the really beautiful face would sur
pass the other, it it, . too. had been ex
pressive!
To the man who is worth while— what
rran thinks Is really the important ques- -
tlon, or it has been so considered fince
the world began — beauty in .woman rraliy '
counts for very little: it Is charm or mag- ;
netism that he seeks.. Many a -woman
radiant with loveliness of feature • and
complexion is entirely without charm.
Manj* comparatively plain women have a *
power of attractiveness - so preat ¦ that
noted beauties have been unable to con
tend against them in personal Influence.
*"It Is expression"— another says em
phatically — "which makes a woman
charming." She may have perfectly
regular features, fine eyes and hair and
a good figure, but expression is wanting.
Another one may have only average
comeliness, but she is bright and pleas
ing-. JCine men out of ten would call the
".Know In a word 'tis animation." de
clares one conclusively, when afked for
•what cnarm woa^an is most admired:
the animation conveys the idea
of intense vitality, the saucy lifting of
the chin which converts one to the theory
that gesture can take the "lace of words;
the sudden flush, the flashing of the eye.
the dainty carriage of the head accom
plishing more in a moment than the sus
tained efforts of statuesque beauty.
Some one will tell us that beauty of
neck and throat constitutes one of the
greatest charms a woman can posse6«.
that there is nothing more exquisite than
that line which leads from the tip of the
chin to the bust, with the delicate de
pression at the throat called Venus* cup.
unless It be that which slopes from the
nape of the r.eck to the shoulcflrs. The
latter is often a beauty which attains
its perfected bloom efter the first fresh
ness of youth has gone from the -face: a
ripe, firm development of neck and shout
ders brings more frequently the preroga
tive of thirty than of twenty.
And do beautiful eyes not possess .power
es we!l as charm— a power with which n
maiden Is able to draw her lover around
the whole circuit of the globe? Are not
my lady's eyebrows, as well as my lady's
eyes, able to Inspire both admiration and
sonnets? Or the maiden who alike
charms and fascinates is she who hath
a beautiful mouth — the mouth having al
most more to do with making or marring
the beauty of a woman than any other
feature.
These questions must be answered ac
cording to individual taste, and there Is
no rule of beauty that can apply to all
time and place. If one ask a poet for
what charm a woman is most admired,
will he not answer that beautiful eyes
wield the greatest charm and t)^t
"Every pretty pair I see •
Rule, ravish and bewilder me"!
curved lips, the dimple beside
the mouth, the finely penciled eyebrows,
the clear, low forehead, the alabaster
throat. I the beautiful hand, the well
shaped arm or the graceful figure?
WHAT charm makes a woman
most fascinating?
Is it the exquisitely modeled
contour of the face, the full
(Copyright. 1902. by S. S. McClure Co.;
They must have a room in that library
that shall be the happiest, the sunniest,
the cosiest,' the most beautiful room 'that
She says that grown people 'can take
care of themselves very well— the children
are the ones that need looking after Just
now." - : .\ . ' ;'.* ¦ ' ;; ;; :
business, nevertheless sne thinks tnat lit
tle children with all their nonsense and
their questions and their frolics and their
hugs are the very best thing in the wide
world. - - • -;
That Is why Bhe is giving the most of
her time Just now to finishing and fur
nishing the children's room In the Oak
land library. ¦¦"..- ¦•¦' ~- ¦¦ . - •
When you hear a woman argue upon
the Nicaragua canal and the colored prob
lem and the Chinese question you don't
expect to find that there Is room in her
heart for anything so human and simple
and warm and Impulsive as a little child.
There Is something very stern In the as
pect of canal and race problems.' People
have a way of taking an interest in them
when their hearts have withered up and
left nothing but brains as a poor sub
stitute. Yet in spite of the fact that these
ponderous 'living Issues" - are her dally.
For Mrs. Kate Bulkley, president of the
Oakland Ebell. the biggest woman's club
in all California. Is a club woman whose
hobby la children. '
Thereupon the email boy hugged Mrs.
Bulkley violently and she smiled delight
edly and they both looked as If they were
the greatest chums in the world. '
60. didn't you?" appealing confidently
to Mrs. Bulkley : "And you told me all
about it. didn't ..ju? Brown bears are
bigger than white bears and they both
live in the cold north and this one Is
bigger than most of them, I like the
Etories you tell me."
IT'S a big brown bear from Alaska,"
eaid the small boy. perching upon the
mounted head of. the great rug in
Mrs. Bulkley's parlor. "You told me
PredlctloiuB tat. t3x« week
try a professional astrologer
showing lucky and unlucky
days for busfcoes*, lorv and
marriage gfrrtn* birthday
T adviei and Ufa foxac»st» of
Infanta bora (taring tot next
seven, days.'
- ... Business. r
February I, Sunday— This Is a rood day
to rest and to plan for tho busy week that
will begin on the morrow.
February 8. Monday— This is a rood day
for retail trade in domestio ¦applies. *
There- should be unusual , happenings ; In.
labor circle* upon this day., ' ¦•
'• In the speculative markets foodstuffs
should lead. Wheat open* a little up. but
iwlll drop back - a f«w points by 10:80.
Surar should • be highest at : noon when
some '¦ unexpected changes are ! likely to
occur* ¦¦ ' ' • ¦" "'' *- " ' ¦ ¦
February i- 4. Tuesday— This -. la a good .
day ¦•¦ for • making ¦ large deals. Contracts
should be signed from 12:80 to 2:80 p. m/ ! .
Sugar will lead the stock market early
in the day, but will be subject to .various
changes. Grain will be very changeable,
but should take a sudden rise at the close.
- - February B, "Wednesday — Lawyers :>¦ will
find this an excellent day for tne settle
ment of difficult cases. Artists and mu
sicians should experience a fortunate day.
The market should open low In the pro
vision line. Mlning ; and railroad stocks
are fair. ¦ SuKar should be ¦ highest from
1 o'clock to the close 'Ofithe market.
¦-•<: February 6, Thursday— The most impor
tant .business affairs should be attended
to before noon upon this day.--". From. 9 -to
10 is under, most favorable influences, and
all . business : transacted ' during ' this time
' should bring > excellent ¦ results.
This time is most- propitious for court
ships ; and engagements, i There may be,
however, bitter disappointments In love
for some.. Conditions are too extreme for
the best results in marrlare, but Influ
ences are best between tha second and the
sixth days of the week. N ,
Marriage.
HE week beginning on Sunday, Feb
1'ruary 2. will be under the dom
inance of Venus, the .planet of love
and beauty. These conditions
should be conducive of excellent
business results. Retail merchants ana
especially those dealing. In clothing and
luxuries should profit largely. ¦ Confec
tioners will. find this a lucrative period.
People will ¦ yield to extravagant Inclina
tions and money, will be lavishly spent.
All .should beware of confidence schemes
and great care should be used In the sign
ing of all papers.
| Speculation will be hazardous and much
caution should b« used. The professional
speculators will '/ reap larr« : l . hanresta.-
Sugar and oil are likely to yield the *reat-'
est' profits." ¦ \ ' ¦ , : - . ¦'-
:.' CondlUona render health. ¦*«»• talrl y
good.. . • . , ¦ ¦'.''.'
. The- weather, will be changeable. . The
8d 'and 4th : should , be mild. /.Durlnr the
4th i to the Tth~ rain and mow will prevail,
followed by. a general ' stormy condition.
Many . disasters are likely to occur* from
high winds.
adornment. Toon* wom«a will b« »uo
cessful aa commercial travdtrs,
Birth*.*
The children born during thm next
Birthdays. ' j
February i, Sunday— Those who cele
brate the anniversary of their birth upon
this day should exercise great care in re
gard to their health and business. Those
engaged . in ¦ public • business may meet
with unexpected I success, i Young women
should have offers of marriage during the
year. : ..¦¦.-. -¦..¦•
February 8, Monday— Those whose birth
day ' falls upon this day should receive
promotion in their various lines of- work
during i the next " twelve months. All
ehould beware of speculation and th»
risking of their money on uncertain.ven
turei. Some will make changes In their
residence before the expiration of many
months.
February 4, Tuesday— This should be &
successful year for all who celebrate their
birthday upon this date. Professional
people will meet with good fortune and
those in the dramatic field will be espe
cially successful.
¦ Young people will court and marry. dur
ing the year. - .^
February 6. Wednesday— Those who cel
ebrate their birthday, upon this date will
find' many annoyances in their business
and domestic life during the next year.
There may be lawsuits and litigation over
legacies. Young men will, have advan
tageous offers In new. business. fields.
6, Thursday— The women who
celebrate their birthday to-day will fare
better than the men during the next year.
All will make many friends, but a few
will be liable to accidents and disappoint
ments. The men will be unsettled in their
business and some will make radical
<*hanges in their line of work.. '
February 7, Friday— Those who deal In
real estate Bhould find this a lucrative
ye/ir If their birthday falls upon this date.
All will; be fortunate 'In money matters.
,but a few will suffer, broken marriage en
gagements and will experience unhappy
love affairs. ¦ . '
February 8,. Saturday— Those who cele
brate their birthday, upon this date will
indulge their Inclination to travel and
! will spend much time in changing from
one plaee to another. All had tyat curb
their extravagance and love for personal
¦•van day* will be extremely emotional.
with lovely and loving dispositions. They
¦will *< be very * sensitive and will suffer
from overconfldence in others. They will
be lovers of home. Some will be gifted
In music, others will be successful tn
business careers.
February 2, Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be fond of social en
joyment, careless and of happy disposi
tions The boys should co well in publla
work or in commercial lines. The girls
will not be as fortunate In love affairs as
February 3, Mondays — Tb« children of to
fiay will be extravagant and will not nave
money. They will have many friends and
•111 find much enjoyment in living. The
bovs should do well In salaried positions.
February *. Tuesday— The children of
to-day will be gifted in literary and artis
tic lines. They win be clever and should
rise to high positions, in life. The girls
ehould make brilliant marriages, .
February 5. Wednesday— Many of th-»
children born upon this day will be of
quiet, retiring natures^ Those born be
twe«n the hours of S and 10 a. m. should,
make fine lawyers, doctors and nurses
and will be fortunate In whatever voca
tion they may choose..
February 6, Thursday— These children
will be reckless and will not be fond of
study. They should not attempt busi
ness on their awn responsibility. They
may do well as Junior partners, secre
taries or bookKeepers. The girls will not
be successful in business and will proba
bly marry while quite young.
February 7. Friday— The children of to
day will be - fortunate in money affairs
and should I become fine business men.
They will be fond of pleasure and spend
much time In the society of congenial
friends. The girls will be especially for
tunate in their undertakings and should
become excellent musicians
February 8. Saturday— The children
born- upon this day will be fond of travel
and devoted to pleasure and excitement.
Some will make good actors and actresses
and a few will be gifted singers. They
will spend money freely and care llttlo
for what the morrow will bring. Their
Mves will be Interesting and eventful.
Oil and sugar should lead the stock
market to-day. There should b« a no
ticeable rise by 10 a. m.', with changeable
conditions and a loss at 1 p. m.
February 7, Friday— This day will bring
good fortune to real estate dealers and
to - dry goods and clothing merchants.
Large sums of money will change hands
upon this day and some Important ex
changes will be made. •
The stock market will open with an un
certain aspect and will remain so through
out the day. ¦
February, 8. Saturday— This is the first
day of the new moon and influences Indi
cate a hopeful and an active month. This
day Is a propitious one for the beginning
of new enterprises, for starting on long
Journeys and for booking Important or
ders. \ .,
The market opens with a downward
tendency for sugar and up for metals.
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You
"Club life for*a'-woman;means:educa
• tibn; and isn't educationas' necessary .to
•^good bomemaklng as to anything else?"
"I am so situated •• that 1^ can rive my
time all to club work; but I don't think-a
woman should do so If : It - Interferes with
home dutiesA They come first. ' And .what
Is .more.' I think that ¦ every : club ¦ woman
recognises that fact. - I never yet saw one
,who was not; a good wife and. mother— all
the better 'because of the in
fluence that her.dub had; upon; her.* :
"ver was given to little folks to read In.
There will be in It handsome and useful
furniture and good pictures-- that shaii
train the eyes to know and love beauty
There shall be every surrounding that can
can help to give an atmosphere of culture,
comfort and charm: Here the little people
can bury themselves in cosy, corners and
Journey the world over through the pages
of travel books, or fly; away into fairyland,
or hobnob with the great people who have
made history.
"We want to do everything to make the
room attractive so that bad- attractions
shall be forpotten," says this wise friend
of the llttlo folks. : "Perhaps it will bo the
means of keeping many a boy and girl
away from dangerous environment. The
way, to succeed Is to make It more attrac
tive than the dangers." ¦•..-., ¦•-.¦'
She realized that all this delightful
flream could never come; true unless there
was the hard cash to make it true with.
It meant five thousand dollars. When Bhe
looked 'this fact In the face • Bhe never
quailed. She simply went to work to raise
the money. ¦. \- ,• ' • ,.. >
Of course •' this work is <belng done In
the name of the Ebell. but it is her force
that carries it I through. - She considers it
the most important . work that the club is
doing at present. ln-Bplte of the fact that
something like a score of . sections, -' or
classes, In the club are carrying on ardu
ous work along educational fines. ,
"Living Issues", is the name of one of
these sections, the one In which she has
always been most deeply Interested: .»
¦ Subjects that have the whole world for
a field are discussed : in the sections. -She
pays ¦ that the ; colored ' question has '¦¦¦ ab
sorbed her more tnan '. anything else 1 of
late. • ¦ • - ¦ ¦ '-.•¦•¦.•..-.
- "Why shouldn't the' colored people have
all the advantages that .we have when
they deserve them 7* she says. \ "They
have proved that for the most part they
do deserve them. Statistics show that the
colored race has progressed ' more rapidly
than any other. The women are largely
responsible for this and they oug-ht to -be
encouraged. The race can only be ad
vanced as Its women lead it— that Is true
of every race, ¦ Women - determine v. pro
gress." . ..... ¦ :
I It is a good deal for the, sex to live dp
to. At any rate. -whether she -is right
about It or not. she is dead In earnest
Any woman must be in earnest who has
devoted herself to club work for nineteen
years' as Mrs. Bulkley has., .: \
V.VAn office In a club. Is a:great'respon
sibility," Bhe says,, "and It should be held
by one who has plenty of time to give to
It*. I have never belonged, to any club but
this one; I don't believe in scattered ener
gies. -¦ If one Joins clubs for. social \ ends
Bhe "may v belong to a great • number 5 of
them; but- for • the . purpose of real work,
earnest ; study, I believe It can be better
¦ accomplished when - one's Interests ?; and
* time are not much divided. ¦; ''oytfawiJ
.The efZect of bur silhouette- requires at
tention.-" A / dumpy - person ¦• should ; avoid
an .unnatural elongation . of * waist, \ which
Is 'fatal, for by.; lengthening; the .waist-be
yond rits ; proportionate > our:, lower
limbs .become < insignificant: the; sight-, of
a ponderous -body i moving on diminutive.'
Inferior ¦' extremities ; is ¦ detrimental" to
After, an examination of ourselves from,
say three times our own length from the
mirror, we ought be able "> to ' form an
estimate of ouch ¦ characteristics as ; meet
the eye and impress. others. '.; \: .;•" ¦¦'' '¦'¦¦
We must first determine if our looks be
classical, irregular, patrician, plebeianrln
tellectual or Insipid and treat ourselves in
reference to this decision. Are we classi
cal—beautifully modeled, but I for a stray
defectof footsor elbow— we may endow
ourselves with draperies which cling and
dispose themselves In such a manner that
not a point of our correct measurements
may be missed; a fold here and there may
even / denote the overlapping of the
muscles to give life and artlstlo sense to
the whole. ' V
- If, on- the other hand, everything about
us be - irregular— if our ,5 features oe ¦ ad
mired rather for their expression than for
their correctness— precision ' , . of ¦ - outline
must be avoided, waving, abundant hair,
graceful ribbons and ' flowing . draperies
must be In evidenes. , •-.'. ¦¦•¦•¦• >-.
If a patrician or aristocratio air. rather
than beauty, be our strong point, our lines
should be noble, our dress plain but hand
some as our purse can afford. -
> If , we be < plebeian— few of us care to
self -conf ess \ the eorry; fact-^-OOT 'limbs
large, our features common, we must ar
ray ourselves In all that ? Is fresh, t refined
and tasteful. - Nothing fanciful should be
attempted; - lest we "border * on ;¦ the erro
tesque, but soundness of style and gesture
should be the aim. When our style Is In
tellectual," rather than. lovely. '.we may be
more careless in regard to detaiLv' k
I If , on the contrary, we > feel • we are In-.'
slpid, our complexion pasty, our features
nondescript, our ..- hair - hay-colored, ¦> our
eyelashes .weak, ; a -very: ¦ serious study
must ; be '. made of color— the " one ' that best
euits our ¦ style and , will give tone, and
very. particular attention must be paid to
every detail of the toilet. - -. "• - . ' ¦ , :
Critical Study, of Ourselves.
fhere Is even a kind of plainness that has
¦x distinct attraction of its own, so that
-h* greatest passions of which we have
iny record have been Inspired by women
n whom ordinary good looks were wholly
vanting, but they had the power of mak
ing themselves valoir, 1 which' produces a
clearly defined beauty of its own. •¦',"'.
The wise woman takes a'hlnt from this
ind mourns not her lack. of beauty, but
outs herself resolutely to cultivate what
ever charm she may possess, whether ol
expression of hand, of arm, or figure, that
one who looks upon her loveliness looks
surely to his heart's disaster. In the
corners of even an ugly mouth may luric
limples or peeping - and glimpsing, iun
lashes that set a man to giving up as much
Mme as he can secure to watching them.
Some women, without -being pretty, . seem
to be well finished off— such a thorough
niece of work. Their skin is firm v and
smooth, their fingers " pretty, their wrists
and elbows • well —rounded, •' their, form
rounded and in perfect proportion; their
teeth are nice and their hair glossy. They
are all well finished * off and ; convey a
charm that will. In the long run.' get away
with almost any. ordinary "thrown/to
gether" pretty girl. -All these things are
lust what the thrown together pretty girl
does not understand? Be wiser if you are
a pretty girl. If you are a plain one, get
to work and cultivate the minor beauties.
beauty; but not more so than its opposite,
the narrow, maypole ' figure. ' seemingly
devoid of rib and hip and utterly without
projections; shoulders, bust, hips in this
case should be \ developed ¦ to give impor-
tance to the flgtrr*.
If a plain woman by any.cnano* Is ad
mitted Into that unique London duo
called the "Society of Souls" she i» re
garded as an "interesting experiment ;
"The Best Known. Club Wo
men of the Facific'Coast." Do
, you. know who they are?. Or,
in knowing who they are.
have you ever studied their
personalities to.' know why
they should be considered the
V "best known"? This sketch of
. Mrs. Kate Bulkleyis the thir
teenth in an interesting series
on just those lines.
14
The Charm. Which Makes a
Woman Most Fascinating-
Critical Study of Ourselves to
Correct Defects and Enhance
Good Points— A Cluh Which
Cultivates Beauty — Expression
and Sentiment as Necessary
as Loveliness of Form and
Feature.
THE SUNDAY CAI^
rarloos "aids to beauty" «r» prescribed
to bar. and unless she visibly Improves In
appearance she usually resigns her mem
bership In a short time. The fad of the
"Souls" Is the cultivation of beauty:
members are not even allowed to sit up
with Inartistic rectitude on commonplace
chairs, but are expected to recline on
cushions a la classic Rome, clotnea in
scarlet or snow-white draperies.'
The most expressive face Is not the on«
which writhes and agonizes with every
sorrowful feeling, or twists and squirms
with every amusing sensation: it Is rather
the one which retains a calm exterior
while the strongest emotions of the soul
play upon It with their lights and
shadows. The face should ba the smooth
curtain upon which the heart exhlbltsjts
various pictures jtvlthout disturbing it. Not
the stage which require* the shifting of
scenery for every act. The reason why so
many beautiful faces are to be found In
a convent Is In a great measure due to
the dally habit of composing the feature*
in long hours of meditation and prayer.
Unmarred by contending emotions, the
features are gradually molded Into har
monious outlines. To sum up advice on
this point-train your features t A + com ~ ¦
posure and avoid all grimacing habits.
Because good humor is an obliging qual
ltr many women think they must always
bs In a laugh or a broad smile in order
to be charming. This Is a grievous mls
ta Don't let any woman imagine that she
can have personal charm if she. lack sen
ffit o? feeling. Without sentiment
thereis a fatal vein of the prosaic. th«
commonplace, which will keep W forever,
no matter what her other gifts, from pos
sessing or wielding the widest Influence
her sex can claim. There ar» women who
Sever have a love deeper than the love for
Heir net poodle; who never know an en
thusiasm more ardent than that inspired
bv a new bonnet: whose deepest emotions
are caused by the misdemeanors of th*
wok. But if these are scarcely th«
Ablest of their ¦«, neither can they b«
called the most rich In charm.
There is no royal road to beatttyr th»
preservation of one's grace and charm re-
Suires care ajad common sens* but not
JEore care than y6u rive to your precloua
bric-a-brac your household effects, or
7 Flnany!* the logical deduction from an
facts obtainable fi that tnerjTs no general
answer to the question. "What charm
makes a woman most fascinating r« JBaeb
person may set up a standard and dedd«
as individual Judgment dictates.
BEAUTY QUEST DIFFERENT IDEALS OF BEAUTYWhen the fog cleared Lieutenant Beat
tie was sent out to systematically, search
the coast for ten miles in ©very direction.
The captains of the coasting vessels
kept a lookout through the intense fog
which prevailed, and a hulk was reported
two miles from Point Pedro. • .
Finally the time came, and the light
house tender, officers and visitors went
out to blow the waterlogged hulk to
atoms, but not a sign of the wreck was
to . be seen. V ¦'
The wreck of the Canada was spoken
off the coast of Skagway, where she final
ly went ashore and gave up the ghost.
The Helen AV. Almy is a good example
of the illusive power of a drifting wreck.
She started out for the gold fields with
passengers and outfits! . She was long
overdue' when a wreck was sighted, up the
coast; which proved to be all that re
mained of the unfortunate ship. Her hulk
floated down to the Golden Gate to lie in
wait, as though, not' satisfied with her
own tragedy, she craved to have a hand
in further horrors. She was of 485 tons
and would have caused untold damage in
a'collision. The mournful tolling of a bell
six miles out of the Golden Gate warned
seafarers that danger lurked nigh. Here
the rotten hulk of the Helen W. Almy
swung, to and fro at the mercy of wind
and wave awaiting the time when the
wheels of the Government should author
ize its destruction. : ¦ ,-,-'¦
she is put on the coast service. Some of
them are lioating coffins. During the gold
pxeitement in the Klondike many an old
timer was given a coat of paint and sent
on this dangerous northern route.
This bottle was much traveled. After be
ing thrown overboard it took a northwest
course and, after covering 420 miles of
latitude and 1235 miles of longitude, land
ed on the beach in Portage Bay, where
it was picked up by the master of the
schooner Herman and sent to. the Mer
chants* Exchange. In March, 1S98, the
British ship Falklrk reached Tacoma
from Shanghai and Captain Helmes re-
, Sealing schooner Pelican, latitude 50 north,
longitude 175 . west — The ship Is sinking. "We
are leaving her In frail boats. Please report us.
M. T. PATTERSON. Chief Officer.
The mysterious loss of the Pelican,
which sailed for Taku, China, from Pu
get Sound October, 12, 1897, was traced by
a memorandum in a bottle picked up on
the beach at Portage Bay by the master
of the sealing schooner Herman. The
Information ' contained in this message
helped in the Identification of what re
mained of the Pelican. The . memoran
dum read:
It took two years, item by item, for the
history of this derelict to be traced back
and the mystery of the missing Nomad
was thus in a measure solved. ?
The wreck in all probability followed the
course of a buoy which went adrift at
Coos Bay and is now used in the harbor
of Honolulu. This buoy was carried south
by the current and went ashore very close
to where the Nomad derelict was washed
up
It is thought that while' making the
run to the Sound from Shanghai, Captain
McAllop of the Nomad followed the great
circle, which brought him off the coast of
Alaska, where he encountered the storms
of January and February, which were
doing so much damage to shipping.
The captain of the Eliza Miller sighted
a derelict off Coos Bay in June, 1S9S, and
from the description given the builders
were satisfied that It was the Nomad.
In December, 1897, the Nomad left China
bound for this coast. In June, 1893, the
hulk of the Nomad drifted ashore bottom
up on the Hawaiian coast and solved the
pitiful fate of the missing schooner.
But another report put preparations to
an end. This report' stated that the Pio
neer was sighted drifting oft the shore
with skeletons lashed to the rigging of
the craft. .
The wreckers were just about to raise
a vessel when a storm came up in the
North Pacific and another boat sunk In
the same spot and lodged across her
stern. This boat was pumped and ralsad
For every vessel that Is laid aside In a
ripe old age In the ship "boneyard," one
hundred others have tragic ends. Fa
miliarity with the sea tends to undervalue
these dangers. In old days when a ship
went to the bottom it stayed there. Now
the wreckers raise vessels that have sunk
and right vessels that have turned tur
tle and send them to continue their
course of usefulness.
One shipbuilder says that every vessel
should be built with the idea that one
day she will sink. She should ba fitted
out with appliances for attaching tho
wreckers' machinery when the wreckers
are anchored over the sunken craft. Tha
"wrecking companies" are In reality
"saving companies." They have finely
equipped tugs, pontoons and derricks
lighted by electricity and able to weather
heavy storms. The light can be let down
so the divers can inspect the sunken ves
sel and report from time to time.
The old bark Southern Chief was a
waterlogged wreck that floated In the
line of coasting steamers until finally
towed in near Cape Flattery, never to go
out again.
A harmless old historic derelict of th»
North Pacific was the steamer Beaver.
She ran on j the rocks off Vancouver
Island, and then slid off into deep water.
She floated around the rocks and was
finally rescued and now her ancient tim
bers are made into mementoes and
sold by dealers. She was one of the
first vessels on the coast. She was orig
inally built on the Thames and launched
in 1S30. The launching was witnessed by
King William. These were the early
days of steam navigation and the launch-
Ing was an event.
When tha fog lifted several small tags
were sent out to search for her. They
found her, but had great difficulty in
towing her In. She finally sank Just as
they got into shallow water. She was
Identified as the steamship Idaho that
had been engaged in smuggling opium be
tween British Columbia and American
ports. '
Tales of Ocean TVaVeTei'S
.That Sew in Thefr I
W a ke D* r e Disaster
bottom upward. In this position they
are harder to detect and collision with
them is most dangerous.
The information from the captains' log
books Is taken to the branch hydrographic
office at the Merchants' Exchange and
utilized in the making of* the monthly
pilot charts. In return Uncle Sam sup
plies captains with maps and reports for
the common good.
This Information Is of Incalculable value
not only In locating dangerous derelicts,
but In many cases the description* given
by the captains solve the mystery of
overdue -vessels. Captains know that this
Is the only way they have of wresting
from the sea her secrets, and the utmost
care is taken in describing these wrecks
and their exact latitude and longitude
when sighted.
The pilot charts show the location of all
wreckage, floating buoys, trees, etc, that
have been seen, and skippers can figure
cut the probable drift considering the
tides and prevailing winds.
Soma follow In the beaten paths and ara
aimless journeys for thousands of miles.
Besides the information gained from tha
captains the Government and naval ves
sels -search the high seas continually for
wreckage, etc. ' They hunt down the dere
licts and destroy them. If the derelict Is
not waterlogged it Is .set on fire and is
not lost sight of until it entirely disap
pears. If It is waterlogged It is blown
up with torpedoes made ' for . that pur
pose.
The United States steamship San Fran
cisco has made, a record for herself in
the successful destruction of derelicts.
She met a tough proposition in a lumber
laden waterlogged wreck of 248 tons. The
San Francisco was bound for Key West.
She tried to tow the derelict, but finding
that Impossible ehe attached three 34
pound guncotton torpedoes to the keel.
The explosion damaged her, but left her
etlll afloat. Five more torpedoes broke
her frames and weakened her, back.
The San Francisco then backed away
and coming forward with great force
of vessels bound to and from the Orient.
Although the Pacific is much clearer of
floating debris than the Atlantic still it
has its sea waifs, its drifting buoys and
its floating lumber.
Bottle papers are issued at the hydro
graphic office 'in a dozen languages and.
every effort is being made to give them
a wide distribution. They are most use
ful as indicators of ocean currents and
form Important data ¦ for . the tracing , of
derelicts.- . ' ..*'
Many bottle papers sent with outgoing
captains have been ¦ picked up In foreign
lands and in midocean and mailed to. the
home office. It was In this way the direc
tion of the Japan current was first ascer
tained. .
- The Japan current sweeping. 1 along the
Asiatic coast takes right in Its course the
logs and drafts from the Yangtsze-klang,
Hoangho and Mekong In China and ' the
Amoor River In the north. The current
follows the great " circle, across and then
sweeps down the American coast, ¦ taking
In* its wake the drifts of the Fraser and
Columbia rivers.' These, rivers come down
from big wooded countries and countless
logs_ and trees ' are I contributed -by them •
to j the general danger. During the last •
year 'hundreds of trees have been sighted
varying \ from fifty to one hundred and
fifty feet In length and from three to ten :
feet I in j diameter. ; One ship saw 240,000
feet of lumber that- had probably been
thrown over to right* a /vessel. - ¦.-"¦;•.
An old salt tells of a derelict that floated'
around the- Pacific for months lad,en with
coal. She finally' struck' on Midway Isl
and, which is said to be about half-way
across the Pacific. Here she did duty as
a coaling station for passing vessels until
a company, hearing of this great quantity
of coal,- bought up* tha remaining
to -the i vessel" and went over there - and
brought the coal back. Coal' at that time,
was very high ' and .the - company netted j
540,000 by the transaction. ;
When a \ becomes old and weak
ened '¦ from much travel - across tha Pacific '
Every cove, reef and Inlet was gone over,
and In one rocky Inlet tangled spars,
cordage and timber showed that here: the
mystery of the Helen W. Almy had at
last pounded itself to atoms safe from the
prying eyes of ; man." , • . '. ,
. ' The mythical - history of ', the sealing
schooner Pioneer outrivals the tale of the
"Ancient Mariner." •'._ :
The I Pioneer, " long on the overdue list,
was seen and ,, Identified In derelict j form
by ! Captain John . Hahn of the Canadian
schooner Victoria. % He reported that he
passed within : ten ' yards of . It ' September
28, : 1898, near, Port Townsend. It. had
turned turtle and lay In ' the , direct track
of vessels coming from Bering , Sea:—-
In November, i898, the Indians of j the
north-heard,' 'through reports - of their
tribe, that the crew of the schooner Pio
neer - had : been in ( a \ Russian prison' for
four : years '¦ and that ¦ they ; would -.be home
in : another year, j They j began preparations
for a .' 'hyas' '—a celebration ' of the return
of the long lost.
ported passing a waterlogged life boat
off the Aleutian Islands, wpposed to
have belonged to the Pelican.
" A strange piece of wreckage was
found in the northern seas; a huge mass
of spars and tangled cordage Incased a
medicine chest. This chest on Investiga
tion waa proved to have belonged to tha
Montserrat, a collier that left Nanalmo
In December, 1S94, for San Francisco.
The . Montserrat and the Keweenaw left
together and" up to -this time there was
no . trace of them. :;¦¦ Tj£
The northern • coast waa thoroughly
searched and on Queen Charlottes Island
in an Indian hut the name boards of the
collier Montserrat were found, nailed to
the walls of the hut.'
These strange. Inklings were all the sea
gave up, but they served to seal the fate
of : these ill-starred colliers.
A wreck , sighted on Race Rocks off
Vancouver Island floated off at high
tide -and for weeks vtindered aimlessly
about the Straits of Fuca In a dens* fog.
first and then they went to work on Css
original one. They had Jest got he? to
the surface when the chains brok» and
down she went again.
Th« North Pacific knows every form of
derelict from an overturned waterlogged
fisherman's boat to an up to data marina
steamship wreck. The people .of tho
northern coast are constantly being sur
prised by strange pieces ox wreckage,
large and small, which excite Inquiry as
to probable disasters, for from the-fa
bled days when Ulyssea^weht down to tho
sea In a ship until the present time there
Is a natural desire Implanted In every
heart to know the fate of our fellow crea
tures even when traceable only through
a silent wreck. ISABEL FRASER.
Important amber finds have been made
at Nordergrunde, near Altenbruch, to Ger
many. The amber was discovered In the
crab catchers' nets, and la said to be of
yery good auallty.
rammed the derelict violently amidsnlp
Which broke her In two and released her
lumber and she sank almost Instantly. ..
The San Francisco is an unarmored war
ship and groat apprehension was felt on
the part of the crew lest ramming the
derelict would result in destroying the
cruiser's bow.
A shout went up when success crowned
the venture. This was the first success
ful ramming done by an unarmored war
ship.
Thousands of dollars are spent annually
in guarding, as far as man can, the route
of the ocean liners.
Last fall the steamer Alcrta was turned
adrift to founder, but she refused to sink.
She drifted about in the China Sea an 3 in
the direct line of Sinapore-Manila steam
ers until sighted by the British India
steamship Laudaura and towed to shore.
To run full head into a half sunken
derelict or a heavy mass of lumber has
proved as dangerous as running upon un
charted rocks, and many a derelict has
made a twin wreck on short notice out
of seme ocean Hner.
About one-quarter of the derelicts float
when sighted.
. It Is a mistake to think that wrecked
' vessels are ultimately driven ashore.
Neither do vessels reported linking actu
ally sink at the time of abandonment.
They will continue to float for months
and even years after their desertion, half,
visible and wholly relentless, going the
rounds with the current in the very routes
THE old tar does not see In an aban
doned wreck that halo of romance
and poetry that has been Identified
with it for centuries. To the watch
ful mariner the derelict floating
upon the lonely peas has an element
of danger that keeps him from Indulging
In the poetical; danger to the lives and
cargo intrusted to his care, as well «as
danger to some luckless craft that might
stumble on it unseen. He peers at the
broken masts and tangled cordage that
mutely tell their story of storm and star
vation for some mark that may perhaps
help In the identification of the wreck.
He places In his log-book a careful de
scription of the wreck and its location
>Wafcer*ToSSed" Howws oF
the Deep That Hold
Thefr secrets wen
sighted just when and where expected.
These well behaved derelicts follow
thelr route list, but for the most part the
drift of a derelict Is a secret the old hulk
keeps to herself, for she delights in ghast
ly surprises.
The derelict Port Royal buoy Is one
of the most notable derelicts on record,
having cruised for four years and trav
eled over 2000 miles. Mariners came to
know it well, for it is so plainly marked
with a red P. R. as to ma!:e it easily
identified. It was reported fifteen times
and when last sighted was about 500 miles
east of the Bermudas. A scow, which
was blown out to sea from San Carlos
Bay; Lower California, was sighted in
midocean with the chain still hanging
over the side and attached to the anchor.
Often a vessel becomes a double dere
lict. The bow of one such was spoken
near Honolulu and the stern of the same
was sighted off the coast of Mexico.
Derelicts are bulky things to manage
and few ships have met with success in
towing them into port. They are usually
waterlogged and very heavy and hard on
the tow lines. • Few merchant vessels
can spare the time nor do they dare to
take the risk even for a short distance of
towing in such a dangerous, unwieldy
mass. The most dangerous derelict is
the invisible derelict— the water-logged
mass that floats just below the surface.
These unseon derelicts are the dread of
coast vessels. . "
It looks as though after months of wan
dering they at last determined to get
even with the world at large by striking
back in' the dark and from below.
The Hydrographic Office contains a rec
ord of many disasters caused by these
unseen foes.
For nearly twenty years Uncle Sam has
taken cognizance of these wandering sea
waifs and has followed them in their
THE SUNDAY CALL.
DERELICTS OF THE PACIFIC
15: i THE SUNDAY CALL.
16VOLUME XCL— NO. 64.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAYy 2, 1902--FpRTY PAGES.
PpiCE FIVE CENTS.
MYSTERIOUS. WOMAN WHO TOOK
i POISON 'WHILE A GUEST OF A
" STOCKTON HOTEL.
Pire Destroys Crate Plant.
PETERSBURG, Vai, Feb. 1.— The large
crate and berry/basket plant of the South
Side Manufacturing Company In this city,
with all the stock, including. 1,500.000 fruit
baskets. -was burned to-day.- Loss ?65.0OO.
On all sides fashionable people are 're
calling the, former custom's/ saying 1 that
LONDON, Feb. 1.— The enormous cost
and number of wedding presents now
showered on society brides have brought
out a vigorous protest against what .' Is
termed the "unbearable" social tax., The
Daily Mail declares that "since th'e advent
of American • and South African" million
aires the'.' tendency toward reckless ex
pense and ostentatious display .in vwed
ding presents has steadily, grown, until
now it is nothing less than- a social evil.'*
mencement exercises last June that J. P.
Morgan had agreed to erect, at a cost of
more than a million dollars, three of the
buildings required for the accommodation
cf the Harvard medical school in carrying
out their new plans for medical educa
tion and research. President Eliot an
nounced to the medical faculty to-night
that J. D. Rockefeller proposed to give a
million dollars Jn furtherance of this
great project provided that other friends
of the university will raise a sum of
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 1,— Following
the announcement at the Harvard com-
J. P. Morgan and John D.
Rockefeller Supply
Funds for New
Buildings.
Reckless Expense and
Ostentatious Display
in Wedding Pres
' ents Opposed.;
The tract comprises about 1.500.COO acres
In the northern part of the reservation,
but does not include the best land, which
is along Pryor Creek,. the Big Horn River
and the Little Big Horn River.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. >.— It is. doubtful
whether the State of Montana may se
cure any of, the land embraced j In the
northern part of the Crow Indian reserva
tion, which it is expected will soon be
thrown open to the public. Deputy State
Land Agent C. A. Whipple, who has been
appraising land in the eastern part of the
State,' believes that a defect In the na
tional law will prevent selection by the
State of any land in the tract to be
opened. .
by the Opening of the Crow
Reservation.'
Prevented by Law Prom Benefiting
STATE OF MONTANA
• • WILL NOT GET LAND
money In the neighborhood of half a mil
lion dollars to be used by, the -Harvard
medical school for land, buildings or en
dowment It was stated to-night that
there can be little doubt this condition
will' be' speedily complied with.
"UNBEARABLE"
IS SOCIAL TAX
OF SWELL SET
Chief Brlare took one of the pieces of
wearing apparel upon which there were
faint outlines of a laundry mark and had
a Chinese laundryman trace It out for
him. This he has sent to San Francisco
great shrewdness in .blocking every line
of investigation. With . add she had
burned off the laundry marks" on her
clothing until they were but faintly dis
tinguishable; 8he had painted out all the
check marks or names on her trunks arid
she left not a particle \pf paper which
would disclose her identity.
GIVE MILLIONS
IN AID OF THE
MEDICAL SCHOOL
livion as to her identity. After
her death late last night the body and
her personal effects were taken in charge
by the Coroner. Her signature, "Mrs.
Hammond Moore, New Yosk," was un
doubtedly assumed. In the search to find
some clew to her- name- op residence At
was. discovered that she had displayed
STOCKTON. Feb. L— The refined
and well-dressed woman who yes
terday took a fatal dose of poison
in the Imperial Hotel evidently
sought not only death, but ob-
After considering all of , the circum
stances local "officers, have concluded that
she was a woman with some grief, pos
sibly of a financial nature, and {sought
death as a surcease ; for her sorrows, or
possibly to escape Impending poverty.
Photographs of the dead woman -were
taken to-day and they : will>be distributed
in the hope that some recognition may
supply a clew to her Identity. The body
will be kept In the morgue for the pres
ent. The only hope of the officers is that
any one knowing of a missing woman will
report the fact. '.'
The suicide was apparently "a well-bred
matron of 45 years. Her features dis
played intellectual power and shrewdness.
She was about 'five feet and nine inches
tall; above the average for women.. Her
hair was of a dark shade and tinged with
gray. '.She left no money other than the
$00 deposited with the hotel" 1 clerk. '
Everything the woman had !n her
trunk was of the best, her several dresses
being of the finest texture and everything
indicated that she had been accustomed
to luxury.
On the title page of a book of fiction
among the suicide's effects was found the
name "Thos. McAUen," made with a rub
ber stamp. This may be simply the name
of a newsdealer.
and the officers there have been j asked
to see if through it they can obtain a
clew. The officers have also had a com
plete description made, of the teeth, a por
tion of which are false. '
,THE HAGUE, Feb. I. 1 — Prince Henry of
The Netherlands '•* (the Prince Consort)
will return to^the palace' February 3. The
reports' of .renewed • quarrels r between
Queen Wilhelmina and her husband are
unfounded." .". '.',. ' ¦;.".'
Nat Quarreling at Present.
Steamer on the Shoals.
-PHILADELPHIA. Feb. L— The captain
of the steamer: Berkshire reports an un
known steamship aground on Joe Flogger
shoals* in Delaware Bay. Owing * to the
thick fog the name of the vessel could
not be learned. , _^
SAN;>JUAN_t Porto. Rico, Feb. 1.— The
HouseVof ; Delegates has ashed ' for : Infor
mation regarding Porto Rican prisoners in
the ¦ Spanish '(¦ penitentiary 5 at Ceuta , Mo
rocco. ' The records show that forty pris
oners'were sent from Porto Ricoto, Ceuta
between ¦ 1882 . and 1898.*; Against seventeen
of these persons.' no specific: charges' were
brought, they* being, : It; Is* said, : political
prisoners.* An -.will ¦ probably
made to secure their' release through Sec
retary of State;Hay.' ¦--:--- -• ¦
Seeking Release of Porto Eicans.
bill provides for the appointment of seven
Judges, whose duty shall be to hear ar
guments for the granting or the increases
of special pensions, instead of the peti
tioners coming to Congress for relief.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1.—Representa
tive. Boreing of Kentucky to-day reintro
duced a bill providing | for the establish
ment of a pension court of appeals. The
Pension Court of Appeals.
Sensational ; Report* Comes Prom
Vienna, Where It Is 'Regarded
• as Important. /
J LONDON, * Feb. 1.— A Vienna dispatch
to the Sunday- Special, says rumors are
current that an attempt has been made
on the life of. th'eC^an* The report is re
garded as important hi^offlclal quarters. •_
XLLEQED I ATTEMrT ;
ON • THE ; CZAR'S LIPE
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 1.— Seoul dis
patches - say (that • an American _ firm—
1 Coleman*& Bostwlck— has secured a con
cession for water works for the Korean
capital. The" flrih will -be paid $1,800,000,
Korean, in three annual installments. .
Americans Secure ¦ Concession.
NEW YORK,, Feb. 1.— Gustave Schwab.
American manager of . the North German
Lloyd, said to-day that the freight agree
ment entered into by the ship companies
"was - not a^ radical arrangement \ of j rates
and that it would noO. work hardship- to
the American exporter. "The lines have
simply; agreed;" said Schwab^ "on amini
'mum rate. The.effect.of this agreement
.cannot help but work, to; the good of all
lines interested in the carrying business."
Exporters Will Not Suffer.
.OMAHA, Feb. 1.— A special from Cas
per. "Wyo., to the "World-Herald says that
Woodard. the slayer of Sheriff Rlcker.
was' landed safely in the Casper jail short
ly after " midnight. An Immense ' crowd,
fully armed, has thronged the town all
day., but as the jail Is heavily guarded it
Is believed no attempt at lynching will bo
made. •' .
Crowd of Armed Men Throng the
Town; but No Attempt Is Made
to Lynch Prisoner.
MTJEDEBEB WOODARD
PLACED IN CASPER JAH.
They do this. because the ¦ Board of
Equalization in ' adding* this amount to
the .valuation of:, the' corporation's prop
erty applied the, principles of the Nlchol
law, which specifically applies to all tele
phone,' telegraph/ and express companies.
The corporations that get this : reduction
are the. Cleveland Electric Railway .Com-,
pany, V Cleveland City Railway Company,
the I Cleveland Gas Light and Coke Co'm
pany, . the People's Gas Light Company
and" ; the ¦ Cleveland Electric Illuminating
Company.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. • 1.— The Stato
Board of Tax Remission, consisting of
the Governor, Auditor of the State and
the, Attorney; General, to-day remitted the
tax - y placed • against the ", Cleveland fran
chise .'corporations by " the Cleveland
Board of Equalization, on property ag
gregating i$17 a 250,000. .;
Paid by Companies in Cleve
. ¦. ... . v, . .--land.:" ._.'.
Large Amount Will Not" Have to Be
STATE OFFICIALS REMIT
TAX ON- CORPORATIONS
The amount of registered bonds on de
posit to secure circulation notes was $324.
031,280, and to secure public deposits $111,
914,650.
The circulation secured by lawful money
aggregated $37,168,224, an increase for the
year of $6,065,932, and an increase for the
month of $1,885,804. .
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The monthly,
statement of the Comptroller of the Cur
rency shows that at the close of busi
ness January 31, 1902, the total circulation
of national bank notes was 1359,444,615, an
Increase for the year of $12,622,744. and a
decrease for the month of $345,111. The
circulation, based on United States bonds,
amounted to $322,278,391, an increase for
the year of $6,556,802. and a decrease for
the month of $27,321,913.
Issued by the Comptroller of
the Currency.
Interesting Monthly Statement Is
NATI02TAL BANE NOTES
HAVE BIG CTRCTrtiATION
THE HAGUE,- Feb. 1.— There was un
wonted activity in diplomatic circles here
to-day, and | it . Was generally believed to
have had: some connection with the Dutch
note , to -Great Britain regarding peace • In
South . Africa/;" The' German .Minister,
Count yon '" Pourtales, . had a long j inter
view' with the British Minister, Sir Henry
Howard; the first secretary *of the British
Legation, A. IF. G; Levesoji-Gower, unex -.
pectedly ¦ started fof,^' r Londori, j and the
Dutch Foreign- Minister, Baron Van Lin
den, "had a- conference, with ¦ Dr.' Kuyper;
the Premier of The Netherlands, and sub
sequently ih'ad I. an , audience with - Queen
Wilhelmina. . When Baron Van . Linden
returned from the "palace Sir, Henry How
ard went 'to the Foreign Office ''and held a
long conference' with- the- Foneign Mln-
PARIS, Feb/^i.— The Llberte affirms that
It hears from an absolutely /trustworthy
source that Germany had advised Great
Britain in the most pressing manner to
consider the South African peace over
tures of Dr. Kuyper, the Dutch Premier.
Asks London Government to Consider
the South African. Peace Over
. tures. •
GERMANY GIVES SOME
ADVICE TO ; GREAT BBITAIN
Morgan is aware of the doubts concern
ing the genuineness of the picture and Is
having an animated correspondence with
the Parisian dealer on whoso warranty
he bought it. ; ';V- <1 ;;V
.After, scoring the hanging
committee for giving it space he adds:
"This is an instance in which no authori
tative opinion could be found to justify
pinioning a name forever glorious to an
exceedingly bad picture, for which It Is
simply outrageous that one of the great
est ' masters of all time 'should be mads
responsible."
Claude Phillips, the art critic of th«
Dally Telegraph, says: "Repulsive as It
is In its emptiness, and in every respect
just such a thing as should be carefully
excluded from the exhibition, there la no
sixteenth century Venetian even of In
ferior rank to whom it could safely b«
given."
I LONDON, Feb. 1.— J. Pierpont Morgan'*
painting. "The Holy Family," attributed
to~ Titian, for wnfch he gave $175,000, Is
now being exhibited at the Royal Acad
emy show of old masters and Is flatly de-»
dared by all the leading art connoisseurs
to be an egregious forgery.
Ereclal Dissatch to The Call.
In court Mrs. Chetwynd swore that her
mother was, mad, that she was not fit to
have the children with her on account of
her constantly, changing cooks, believing
in ghosts and allowing socialists to meet
in her celiars: Mrs. Chetwynd further al
leged 1 that her mother always hated her
and treated her. neglectfully.' Answering
questions put 1 .by counsel, she declared
that no one brought up as a millionaire's
daughter could live on £4000 a year.
On Thursday last Mrs. Chetwynd sued
her mother to recover £2000 due j under
this agreement^ but a decision was ren
dered against her, as it was proved that
she had removed the children from their
grandmother's care, had taken them to
South Africa and had neglected their edu
cation, thereby breaking her part of- the
contract. ¦ .- ';. .. : ,
.^LONDON, Feb.'l.-A BensatlonardfEpW
between a wealthy mother and daughter
over the custody of .the latter's children
was; aired in; the : ' courts; this' week. The
parties were^Mrs-vNaylor-LeJand and her
daughter, Hon. Mrs.. Chetwynd, a slster
ln-law-of ¦; Lady Naylor-Leland, who was
Miss .Jennie "ChambeVlain.- of Cleveland.
Mrs. Chetwynd was divorced from her hus
band in 1900. She then signed an agreement
allowing her two little girls to spend a cer
tain time with Mrs. ¦ Naylor-Leland, for
which privilege the latter allowed her
daughter £2000 yearly, making her income
£4000. • . : .
.Carter also charges his troubles to Cap
taiii'Cassius E.-Biilette»",who was his suc
cessor, in charge of the engineering work
in the Savannah district Theboard of
inquiry was selected by General John M.
Wilson, whoiij he considered hostile, and
itconsisted:'of three engineer officers, the
majority of • whom ¦ Carter consldereJ
prejuujceu. - . -
Carter! explains, his ownership of valu
able bonds and real estate by stating that
his only interest -in these was received
from his father-in-law, the late Robert
F. Westcott, . a : ' millionaire, as whose
agent he. had received 'about ?139,180 in
bonds and notes.': . ¦' , ¦ . •
- Other - answers '• . werV flledr by Stanton
Carter and Lorenzo 'D.Cart.er, brother
and ; uncle of the principal; defendant.'
These two deny generally and In detail the
charges that they have conspired to con
ceal the fundawhlch their relative Is said
to have realized, from; his alleged embez
zlement of Government funds. . . „"- .. ' ,
CHICAGO, .vFeb.v'.l.— Former Captain
Obejlln ! M. Carter' s"' answer in the' civil
proceedings .begun, some; iriontha ago . for
tKe purpose lpf ( impounding .certain prop-;
eriy said- tot ha ve>. beeri:..secreted . by his
relatives \was ¦¦ filed to-day; In the .'United
States, Circuit Court. ' . ¦'¦]'
Declare J. Pierpont Mor
' gan Is'S"windled by
a Parisian Art
Deader.
Mr^.;01ietwynd Fails in
-' the Action. Against
/ " Mrs; Naylor-;
Leland.
Opnyicted'.'Gap&in'S'An-;
I iswer Alleges Hostility- 1
|^^'ParKof|Anny|i; ;
LOSES SUIT
AGAINST HER
RICH MOTHER
ART CRITICS
SAY PICTURE
IS SPURIOUS
CARTER CLAIMS
HE INHERITED
THE PROPERTY
• : The Hondo mines are located at Coahuila, at the. terminus of a branch of the Mexican In-
road,- about> 1 00 miles south of Eagle Pass, and are the most important in that state.
Details of the disaster are meager, no names of the victims being learned here.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. * i. -r-A. special to the Globe-Democrat from San Antonio, Texas, says:
Eighty-five miners "killed and; seventy-five more buried under debris is the fearful
rec6rd v made by a dust explosion at the Hondo mines in Mexico, news of which was re
ceived here to-night.
. At the time the explosion 1 occurred there were 1 60 miners at work in the mine, all of
whom were entombed, by the shaft being choked up by falling earth and stone loosened by the ex
¦-* ; /• Just how many are dead is not at this time known, but at last accounts received by wire to
night eighty-five dead bodies had beenrecovered. It is feared that the death list will be greatfy
Of One Hundred and Sixty Unfortunates Entombed
the Bodies of Eighty-Five Are Recovered
by Rescuers. ....'.
Coahuila, Mexico, the Scene of a Disaster in Which
W:.^^^/rhan' a Hundred Men Are Reported
V: TO OciV© tJvCSl IyIJiICQ.
FEARFUL HARVEST OF DEATH IN A MINE
IS CAUSED BY AN EXPLOSION OF DUST
BARELY DISCERNIBLE LAUNDRY
MARKS MAY REVEAL IDENTITY
OF MYSTERIOUS WOMAN SUICIDE
Chinese Traces Out Mystic, rigures on Wearing Apparel of the
Aristocratic Stranger Who Took Poison in a Stockton-Hotel
and San Francisco Police Are Asked to Work Upon This Clew
when , Duchesses were married they /¦re
ceived only a few - simple presents, and
that it was considered bad taste to 'ex
hibit even': these. ¦ ; ' i;<
¦•Comparisons ,a*e" drawn with the re
cent Chesterfield and Abercorn' weddings/
but f the y, Stavordale nuptials
every thing, and . caused ' the present agita-'
.tion.' •.:'" : •'¦" ..*,'••;';;¦ '**'f: [.,'.''¦ ''-^ >"•'•¦ -y ¦' ¦ : '- »*
PEKING, Feb.'l.-Complalnt has Jbeen
received . here from , Kuangj Hu ¦ that- the
soldiers of General Tung Fu Hslang are
committing acts of brigandage on a large
scale, raiding villages and generally ' op
pressing and robbing the people, who are
helpless to defend themselves.
Soldiers Become ¦ Brigands.
ANTWERP, ,Feb. 1.— Captain Tarsch
von Siegfleld, the military aeronaut, and
Dr. Linke. who '. lef t Berlin this afternoon
on a short' experimental •. trip;! were j car
ried away by a jgale and 'reached here
after a flW hours*, voyage; when the bal
loon collapsed. .von Siegfleld*was
killed, but Dr. Linke escaped with several
bruises. -..;- V ''•} ''¦¦'¦ . :"...'¦" '.'."¦ -
Military Aeronaut Killed;
LONDON.Keb; 1.— Parliament continues
to deal- with, the* most interesting topics
In an uninteresting way.; The . proposal!!
of-Balfour, the Government leader, to ire
organize the procedure of- the House' of
Commons, are likely to be quickly accepted
in spite of the extraordinarily slipshod way
In which they were put before the House.
A 1 typical • incident of Balf our's ignorance
of detail was, his ingenuous -confession,
when announcing the ; proposed changes,
that he had forgotten how many members
constituted ,the. House . of .Commons. Tem
perance reform, Parliamentary repre
sentation, London's telephone system, the
difficulty in Malta over tne language ques
tion; Great J Britain's food supply j in : tiin«
of war . "and' t innumerable matters relating
to the \ campaign in South Africa were a\\
thoroughly- debated • this week, yet: not
one of these matters created more than
passing ripples of interest. . L .; \ *
bers Constitute Commons.
Does Not Know How Many Mem-
Government Leader Confesses -.'" He
EALFOUB'S AMAZING. . < ';./..'
IGNORANCE OF DETAIL
Serious complications are possible, : but
the. Governor Informed a correspondent
that the action of General Herrera has no'
Importance. ¦'••..
A vessel which has just arrived; here
reports that everything- is- quiet In the
provinces of Los. Santos and Chlrlqul., '1
General Herrera' has sent notices to thC'
agents of, the steamship companies saying'
that having dominion over the'.: Pacific
coast of the - Isthmus he will not allow
the. transportation of arms or soldiers' for
the. Government, and will prevent it by*
force . If necessary. -
PANAMA, Colombia. Feb. 1.— The Co
lombian . Government fleet returned X here
last night.; .The : commander reports that
the Government forces, held Agua DulceV
but that General Castro is endeavoring to
get into touch with : General Herrera, the
revolutionary' commander. Three- mes
sengers were landed and communicated .to
General 'Castro orders • from Civil ¦Gover
ner Arjona. ' '.¦¦ '.'¦".' ¦.-".¦:
Herrera Makes Threats.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Feb.
1.— It is reported here that- on the French
Consul at : Caracas ' further insisting; that
M. Secrestat Jr.. of . Bordeaux- be allowed
to land at La^Guayra, according Ho ;thb
agreement of '.the Venezuelan Government'
to make formal protest against- the' seiz
ure" of the estate3,;.of. : Ge"neral. : lIatos. the
revolutionary 'lead!er,' whicli;,..7?ere.''.leased
,to M. iSecrestat^SipMtt ; tt|«St^Cast*ro'
Caused the Consul ,to 'be^notfaeo^.lnat he
(the .President) formally refused '\6 allow
the traveler to land; .basing his c refusal on
the ground ' that ~ M.\; Secrestat [ was an
agent' of the revolutionists. '•.. ; ;
The Venezuelan revolutionary steamship
Libertador, formerly the Ban Righ,'re
pairs to which have been completed, was
expected to sail from Savanllla yesterday
for the coast of .Venezuela and continue
operations." Many Venezuelan revolution
ists are' awaiting arms. '
Castro Is Still Stubborn. ,
It Is reported that General. Mendoza has
routed the Venezuelan Government force
and has gained possession of San Carlos,
a town In the State of Zamora. • ••» !
PORT, OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Feb. 1.-
General Ducharne's force of Venezuelan
revolutionists has ' defeated ' the Govern
ment troops at Jobal, near Giuria. - The
Government casualties/were numerous.
Many soldiers' deserted from the Giuria
garrison' and joined the Insurgents. ¦'
President Castro : Remains Stubborn
1 and I>efles ( rrance by Refusing- ,
a Landing to M. Se- .
V'iv crestat Jr. ;
Many Federal Soldiers Desert
From the Garrison at
, - -V '. -Giuria.; ¦ ¦':' ',.¦ '.'
Government Forces Are
Routed at Jobal and
San -Carlos.
VENEZUELAN
INSURGENTS
WIN BATTLES
Paps 17 to 28
The San Francisco Call.
hm 17 to 28Branch Mint for Tacoma.
WASHINGTON, Feb. L-The compara-
tive. statement of the Government receipts
and expenditures shows that during the
month of January, 1902, the total receipts
were $46,582,143, the . total , expenditures
$38,548,277. leaving a surplus for the month
of $8,353,866. The ' surplus for the corre
sponding month last year was $7,400,000.
The. receipts last month from the several
sources of revenue are given as follows »
Customs $22,448,971, increase $900,000; inter
nal revenue $20,852,512,. decrease $2,500,000;
miscellaneous $3,240,839, decrease $200,000.
The disbursements on account of the War
Department ' show an increase as com
pared with January, 1901, of about $415,000;
on account of the Navy Department an
increase of about $670,000. The interest
account shows a decrease for the month
of about $920,000. ,
Financial Figures From Governmenc.
This amount, however, does not include
$816,344,089 in certificates and treasury
notes outstanding, which. are offset by an
equal amount of cash on hand presented
for their redemption/The cash in the
treasury is classified as follows: Gold re
serve, fund, $150,000,000; trust funds, $816,
344,809; general fund, $254,123,967; total, $1,
220,468,056, against which there are demand
liabilities outstanding amounting to $895,
671,409, leaving a cash balance on hand of
$324,796,646.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The monthly
statement of the public debt shows that
at the close of business January 31, 1902,
the debts, less c^sh i in the treasury,
amounted to $1,005,926,898, which is a de
crease for the month of $5,901,383, which
is accounted for by the increase . of -the
amount of cash on hand and the retire
ment of bonds purchased for the sinking
fund. The debt is recapitulated as fol
lows: Interest-bearing debt, $939,094,330;
debt on which interest has ceased since
maturity, $1,328,830; debt bearing no inter
est, $390,300,364; total, $1,330,723,544.
Statement of Public Debt.
The telegram was In answer to a mes
sage sent yesterday to President Harrl
man requesting that , the-- Commercial
Glub, representing the business interests
of this city and State, be heard by a
committee, of Southern Pacific officials be
fore the 1 contracts were awarded. At the
conference the members of the club will
endeavor* to show the superiority of the
route around the south shore of the lake
over the Lucin cut-off. Should the south
shore route be decided upon Salt Lake
would become the eastern terminus of the
Southern Pacific instead of Ogden, as at
present.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, Feb. 1.— The
Commercial Club of Salt Lake to-day re
ceived a telegram from General Manager
Kruttschnltt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany stating that he would arrange for
a conference with the business men of
Salt Lake before letting contracts for the
Ogden-Lucin cut-off.
Grant a Conference en Houte
Facilities.
Southern Pacific Officials' Asked to
SALT LAKE CITIZENS
WANT' THE TERMINUS
such a distinction, but he emphasized the
necessity of making sure that the Filipino
who must pass upon this problem is a
man of such intelligence., ,
"You cannot." he said, "appreciate the
ignorance and the credulity of the natives
who do not have the advantage of a
knowledge of the Spanish language. The
present difficulty In the islands ia found
in the ease with which the educated Fili
pinos control .or oppress their own peo
ple. In the province of Cagayan they
have a system of bossism and these
bosses have almost the power of life and
death. It is exceedingly difficult to get
into the minds of a people situated as
are the common people the fact that
theirs Is not the only way of living. Con
sequently when one speaks of indepen
dence he Is not understood."
"Do you depend on that ignorance,"
Patterson asked, "to make them amen
able to our rule?"
The reply was an emphatic "No."
"Our hope," said Governor Taft, "Is in
the educated classes."
Replying to questions by Senator Raw
lins. Governor Taft said that three of the
members of the Federal party were as
sociated in the government of the Islands,
but notwithstanding this fact the Gov
ernment-was in no way responsible for
the promises of statehood made by that
party in its platform. Enlarging upon the
subject of the Federal party, Governor
Taft said that it comprised probably a
majority . of the educated people of the
archipelago, but that when- the commis
sion had been asked, to either approve
or disapprove of its platform it had re
fused to do either. Possibly, he contin
ued, the promises had misled him, but as
for himself he held the opinion that the
question of statehood, like the question of
independence, Is, so far In the future that
Changes in the .Postal Service and
OP INTEBEST TO PEOPLE ;
. -/.OP THE PACIFIC COAST
More ITew Pensions Are
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. L— The Postofflco
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoface discontinued: Oregon-
Polk, Polk County, mail to Dallas. Post
master appointed: Oregon— E. J. Row
land, Noble. Marlon County, vice Jacob
Bartrlck, resigned.
These pensions were granted:- California
— Original— Charles H. A. Knoopel, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Jacob Dan
gel, Grass Valley, $3; "Willard A. Newton,
San Francisco, $3; John Wolford, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; George Miller.
Chlco, $8; Samuel L. Bertin, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $10; William K.Camp
bell, Berkeley, $6. Increase— James A.
Bell, Stockton, $10; Gustave A. Wiley, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $12. Mexican
war— James H. Lawrence (dead), San
Francisco, $12. Widows (Mexican . war) —
Mary V. Lawrence. San Francisco, $8.
Oregon— Original— Ira B. Sturgess, Baker
City. $6; Henry M. Rlggs. Portland, $10;
Isaac G. Thontp'SSn, Shedds. $3: George "W".
Blanton. Ontario, $10: John M. Gilliland.
Newberg. $10. Widows— Minnie E. Ram
sey, Keno, $8. :
"Washington— Original— Thomas Benson,
Moscow, $12. Increase— Clark Harris.
Seattle, $17; Byron Albro, Buckley, $12;
Nathaniel L. Badger. Clarkston. $14:
Thomas Parker, "West Sound, $6; Samuel
G. Benedick, Seattle. $6.
FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE .
STJB.EENDERS TO POLICE
Son of a Prominent Missourian Now
Penniless and HI and
Repentant.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 1.— Rollins
Bingham has surrendered to the police at
Dallas, Tex., and asked to be returned
here to stand trial on the charge of forg
ing deeds to property in Kansas City
twelve years ago. >>
Bingbam has been a fugitive from jus
tice ' since" November, 1890. His where
abouts was made known to County Pros
ecutor Hadley, to whom he sent a letter
offering to surrender. Bingham, accord
ing to his letter, is penniless and 111. Offi
cers will leave for Texas to-night to bring
him here.
Rollins Bingham was prominent in poli
tics and was a leader in society in this
city. He 'is the son of General G. C. Bing
ham, artist, writer, politician and one of
the best known men in Missouri. Bing
ham forged the name of his stepmother,
securing $20,000. He had spent his money
recklessly in speculation and In other
•ways.
he 'did not regard It as of present Im
portance. At this point the committea
adjourned until 10 o'clock Monday.
"At ithls L point: Senator. Pattersoh asked
Governor .Taft whether the 1 Filipino | of
average Intelligence is capable of distin
guishing between an Independent govern
ment. for. his / country ¦; and i a", benevolent
and paternal , f orm of government, "such
as the -States f would give/; Reply
ing, i Governor i Taft ' said that a Filipino'
of intelligence was capable of ; making
jj Governor Taft said that Spanish is the
only language .that is ! common through
out the archipelago and that this. was' the
only instrument of communication with
outside' thought. >A , native who > did , not
s'peak ; Spanish ' was . compared by him | to
a man at. the bottom/of a well, who must
necessarily be j ignorant of almost every
thing going : ori^ in • his vicinity. ¦:, This 'con
dition! of affairs, Governor Taft said,' had
led him recently ; to vote for the continu
ance of, Spanish as the official language
of the islands, for If English should now
be constituted . the ; official '; language It
would be impossible 'to conduct business
without ¦ the V aid of • interpreters.
Spanish | Language Needed.
In reply: to other 1 -- questions j Governor
Taft said that he estimated that from . 5
to T per cent "of the people read and- write
the Spanish j language, but that he'could
rot say what proportion of '. the ./people
could write their own language. - • One
great difficulty encountered is - the fact
that the people of the different provinces
do not' understand the .'language .'one* of
another. The witness said ¦ that . many of
the S35 American teachers are engaged in
instructing the Filipino teachers. They
are scattered over the islands in ,455 towns
and they are making good progress,' not
withstanding their own lack of knowledge
of .the natives.' Many of • the American
soldiers had acted as teachers of tho isl
anders and had proved very successful.
The Filipino" teachers were generally, he
r-a id, anxiously availing themselves • of the
advantages thus afforded.. As a rule the
people appeared anxious l to get the edu
cation thus given, but in some cases the
priests were manifesting a disposition to
establish parish schools for their people.
-"The Filipino, is," .he said;' "attached
first to his town and- second to, his. pro
vince, 1 and he is, I think, now forming
an attachment for j the 'name of Filipino.
On that pride of country and on the Fili
pino's desire for education,". he added, "I
base my hope on the success of what we
are doing in the f islands!" , ." ." . ' .
Replying r to Senator, Dubols, the wit
ness said that Laguna and Samar are the
only Philippine provinces which have not
been organized and .that with those pro
vinces organized practically all the Philip
pines capable of being taken would be
under civil government. In reply to other
questions from Dubois, Governor 'Taft
said that the Filipinos have a greater at
tachment for their country than, for. in
stance, the Chinese have for theirs. -
Devoted to Their Country.
In reply to Senator Patterson, ' Governor.
Taft said that there probably were 2,000,-
COO rifles in the hands of insurgents in the
Islands, and there are some of the latter
who do not carry guns. He could not,
he said, tell where the rifles and the am
munition came from.. Some had been re
ceived, from Admiral Dewey before the
beginning of the insurrection, and there
were also rumors of shipments from
Hongkong, other parts of' China and
Japan, but the reports could not be veri
fied. Some Japanese rifles had been
round, but most of the rifles were either
Remingtons or Mausers, indicating either
American or Spanish origin. J As to the
juntas, mogt , of them ] are concentrated
now. at Hongkong, composed mostly of
natives of Batangas, who had made their
money in coffee growing.
:A second trip into. the. northern portion
of Luzon Island was described next. TKls
tour, the Governor said, was made almost
without military escort. ..Cagayari, In the
extreme northern* part of the island, is.
from an agricultural standpoint, the most
magnificent portion of the islands. This
province also contained splendid forests.
He explained that it is necessary to pro
vide a more paternal form of government
for the Igorrotes than for. the Filipinos.
It was also impracticable to place Fili
pino Governors over these people.
.the committee smiled when Governor
Taft said that the Christians had made all
the trouble. \ ' ¦
BOOKKEEPER ACCUSED
OF JTJGrGLEN"G FTJUI/S
Han Who Tried to Leave for Europe
Arraigned in New York
Court.
NEW TORK. Feb. L— James D. Corr
¦was arraigned in court to-day and held
for trial, charged with the larceny of $7000
from the dry goods firm of Le Boutellier
Bros., where he was employed as a book
keeper. •
Corr came to New Tork three years ago
from Beverly, N. J. About a year ago
he commenced to pay attention to Ida
WalL She had a sister Edith*, who be
came deeply infatuated with Corr. About
a month ago Edith, believing her love for
Corr was hopeless on account of his in
fatuation for her eister. committed sui
cide by drinking carbolic acid.. This cir
cumstance came to the knowledge of
Corr*s employers and they had him shad
owed for two weeks. Last Wednesday
the firm received an anonymous letter
saying their bookkeeper was Juggling
with the funds. An investigation was be
gun and it is alleged developed a short
age. Corr learned of this fact and booked
passage on a trans-Atlantic steamer, but
he was arrested before he could sail.
Governor Taft snoke frequently of the
unreliability of all estimates' of the popu
lation, '. but said > there, were 'probably
6,000,000 Filipinos, or Christians,. and prob
ably a million of Moros.:' However,' a cen
sus was' badly needed.' .The members -.of
Christians Cause Trouble.
Concluding the narrative of his^southern
excursion Governor Taft said 'that; the'la
dles of the party accompanied the gentle
men to all places to which they went
except ma few Instances. ", These excep
tions were made on account of the fact
that it was necessary to take small ves
sels to* reach them, rendering it Incon
venient for- the ladles to go. The party
had not visited Mlndoro because of »cli
matic conditions and because at the time
there had j been no. effort to pacify the
island
"That," replied Governor Taft, "is a
question of Instructions, or rather of
construction' of instructions; but we have
got along so far without. radical disagree
ment. One difficulty of this kind was sub
mitted to Washington, and we were told
that we must reconcile- our differences if
we could. We did so. and have had no
other material difficulties of the kind."
"You speak," said Senator ' Culberson,
"of disagreements between the civil and
military authorities, as to whether there
should'be a civil or military control of a
certain district. In such . cases who de
termines as to what shall be done?"
Referring to the Macabebes Governor
Taft said they had 'always been at war
with their neighbors; that they had for
merly been friends of the Spaniards, and
that when the transfer of the country
was made they had also transferred their
allegiance to the United States. He
thought there were 8000 or 10,000 of them.
The reply was that most of these en
counters had taken place in Batangas, La
Guna, Mindero, Bphol, Samar, Cebu and
a few other places. Most of the tr6ops
in those provinces. •
"Within the past ninety days," he said.
"I have observed by the newspapers that
there were forty-one small fights within
the space of thirty days— where.do they
occur?" • - • .< . '"
Resuming the thread of. his .narrative
Governor Taf t saidj that the Island of
Cebu was not long organized into a civil
ized government until it was found neces
sary to return to ¦ military control. ( Ho
had been Informed just before his depar
ture for the United States that the 300 or
400 insurgents on the Island had surren
dered and the island had been entirely
tranquillized. This statement led Senator
Hale to ask a question.
Tranquillity in Cebu.
In his tour Governor Taft had found the
industries in progress, though much in
terrupted, largely on account of the de
struction of the water buiraio. the work
cattle of the islands. This, animal he de
scribed as "the beast of burden, the fam
ily friend, the wealth of the individual
and the object of all the robber bands oJ!
the mountain districts." In the last two
years about 75 per cent of these brute3
had been killed off by a disease • called
rinderpest; and their price had increase!
from $30 to $140 per head. Agriculture also
had been interrupted by insurrection, but
in the vicinity of Manila this was not true
to-day." In the city where the streets are
rough, the witness said the water buf
falo moves so slowly as" to block tho
streets, "and he thought mules should be
imported.- 1 He expressed the opinion that
milk-producing animals might be Im
ported to advantage. There are fine cat
tle ranges,'- but to his knowledge no milk
is produced on the islands.
WASHINGTON, Feb. L— Governor Taft,
to-day continued his statement concerning
conditions in, the Philippine Archipelago
before the Senate Committee on the Phil
ippines. He resumed his account of, hi3
last year's tour of the provinces and de
clared that Christian natives are responsi
ble for the discontent and prevailing war
fare. Next to Manila, he said that Cebu
came nearer to being a city In point. of
population and manner of improvemtnt
than any other place in the archipelago.
The Island of Cebu, hb said, is the most
densely settled of the group. It had been
a question whether a civil government
should be established in Cebu, just before
the arrival of the commission therinsur
gents having fired into the capital site,
but the people had insisted and the or
ganization had been perfected. V i ¦
Speaking generally. Governor Taft said,
there were no roads in the Philippine
Islands under the Spanish, but that since
the establishment of American control
$1,000,000 had been appropriated for road
improvements, both fo.r strategic and
commercial purposes. Most of the towns
are on the sea coast, and the greater part
of the travel for any distance is by beat.
He also said that the wheels of such ve
hicles as are used are so narrow that they
cut up the roads badly. Moreover, the
frequent freshets in the streams render it !
difficult to maintain the roads. In most,
if not all the Islands, Governor Taft said,
there is a mountain backbone, which Is
practically impassable. General Hall had
succeeded ,in crossing the Luzon moun
tains, but his men were almost dead when
they emerged.
Senators Are Inf orn\ed j That . There 13
Considerable Mystery As 'to : the
Source From Which Anns , h
Are Received. ,
Two Million Rifles Are in
. the Hands of the In- V :
" surgents.
"The Australians apparently ¦ have a
very warm feeling for Americans;" said
Captain Dickins. "Commercial relations,
too, have grown very close. One sees
American goods displayed on every hand.
One thing I noticed was the American
shoes, which were advertised everywhere.
One is surprised to see the number of lit
tle American flags posted up everywhere."
Leaving Kobe, Japan, on December 15,
Captain Dickins made a long trip thence
by sea, ocenpying forty-one days. While
in command of the Brooklyn Dickins vis
ited the most important Chinese and
Japanese ports, as well as those in Rus
sia on the east. When the Australian
Parliament was opened at Melbourne by
the Prince of -Wales the Brooklyn was
ordered to Australian waters to represent
the United States. .
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— Captain F. W.
Dickins, U. S. N., is staying at the Savoy
Hotel, according to the Herald's London
correspondent. He has just returned from
the Far East, where he was in command
of the cruiser Brooklyn, and Is on his
way to Washington.
mander Says American Flag
Is Gaining Ground.
Cruiser Brooklyn's Former Com-
UNCLE SAM'S BANNER
PLEASES AUSTRALIANS
Many eyes were wet and voices trembled
as the chief they had known and loved bo
well was . grasped . by the hand, probably
for the last time. Secretary Gage re
mained in conference with his successor
an hour or more and then left the depart
ment. He will go to New York to-mor
row or Monday, to remain a few days,
and In the course of two or three weeks
will go to Florida for a rest of two or
three months. From that time his move
ments have not been decided upon, but
it is altogether probable he will return
to Chicago and accept the presidency of
a large trust company In that city. |
The . new and the retiring Secretaries
then received all of the officials and
clerks in the treasury building, to the
number of 2000. Secretary Gage has the
love and respect of the officials and clerks
of the department to a remarkable degree,
as 'was shown in their. leave-taking.
Secretary. Shaw responded: "I thank
you, sir, most sincerely, and If my suc
cess shall be anything like that of. my
predecessor I shall be fully satisfied."
Secretary Shaw was warmly congratu
lated by each person present upon his ac
cession to his high office. The retiring
Secretary was among the first to grasp
his hand, and as he did so said: '.'Mr.
Secretary, I congratulate you and wish
for your administration the highest possi
ble degree of success." • • * ¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. L-At 10:30 o'clock
to-day, in the. presence of the chief of
ficials of the Treasury Department, Sen
ator Dolliver and nearly all of Iowa's del
egation in the lower house of Congress
and other friends, former Governor Leslie
M. Shaw of Iowa took the prescribed oath
of office as Secretary of the Treasury,
succeeding Lyman J. Gage. The oath
'was administered by Justice Shiras of the
United States Supreme Court in the
largest of the Secretary's office rooms in
the treasury building.
Employes of the Treasury
Have a Sad Leave-Taking
. With Retiring Chie£
Governor Taft of the
Philippin es Again
Testifies. >>'•
Former Governor of Iowa
f ,"/'• Takes the Oath
of Office.
CHRISTIANS,
HE DECLARES,
ARE GUILTY
SHAW SUCCEEDS
SECRETARY GAGE
THE SAN FR^FCISCO C^Lg SUNDAY; ; FEBRTIARY 2, 1902.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The House
Committee on Coinage to-day : acted fa
vorably on the bill appropriating 5200,000
for establishing a branch mint at Tacoma,
Wash. The general purpose of this new
branch Is to give added mint facilities for
the gold and silver coming, from? Alaska.
Although votes were not taken on < ; bills
for other, branch mints,. the prospects are
that the establishment of one at Tacoma
will operate against the establishment of
other branches In that section -of -the
country. Director % of the ; Mint Roberts
was present, and states that one branch
in the Northwest would be sufficient fa*
all Government needa. : ' '¦¦':
18
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hurnors
They • take possession of the body, and
are Lords of Misrule. *
They are attended by pimples, bolls, the
Itching jtetter, salt rheum, and other cu-
taneous eruptions; by feelings of weakness,
languor, general debility and what not. .
They cause more suffering than anything
else.' ¦¦ .. :" ¦ ' ' "¦ '-;¦¦.¦.'¦ ¦ '¦*'-,; ¦'¦,-
¦ , Health, \ Strength, Peace ' and Pleasure
require their expulsion, and this "Is posi-
tively effected, : according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by ¦ :
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which radically and permanently drives
them out and builds up the whole systemi
$1,000 REWARD
| F ,WE FAIL. TO DO AS WE AGREE. . SPE-
¦ allsts on ' Diseases and Weaknesses of t Men.
Original new . method. , No • other ' doctors - can
do as "we do, • for ours are ' individual ways.
FrostatitiB — I tried many doctors In i vain.
Dr. Williams &* Co. cured me. — E. 'N. Rogers,
Fresno, Cal. Losses, i Weakness— I am cured ;
gained twenty-three pounds, Dr Williams &
Co. are reliable —^J. K. Walsh, Grass - Valley,
Cal.'.: -Dr. WilllamB & Co. "cured me of Gleet of,
four years' — H. Wallace. Bakersneld,.
Cal. -¦ Plain rules and prepared : tests . for self-
examinatJon t sent » free. Write to-day. • DR. '
, WILLIAMS , & CO.,- 140 Geary el., a F.
" ' •.-.'•, ' .1 - - .;¦¦
•ooo»©o©©o®o©oo©«oo©3e«oe»oo3ooooo&oeo©oooo^
! SPECIAL PRICES i
I .¦ ' . ¦ v^. >]/:-¦:¦ <J;i^ ¦¦)¦/:-.¦ • ©
;•, ONE WEEK ONLY. |
I Sheffield's Dentifrice IOc ©
I .Manning's Dental Cream .2Oc ©
> Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap, 3 for. .25c ©
! Mennen's Talcum Pcwder,!2fcr.. % .......25c ©
> Pure Norwegian Cod Liver .Oil, pin- * 30c ©
! Leibig's Malt. Extract 15c ; ©
! Lightning Cough Cure L 25c and 5Oc .©
! Peruna.. ................ , ...85c ©
! Lydia Pinkham's Compound .75c ©
! Doan's Kidney Pills. . . . . . ; .40c ®
!: : 20%H(SCOUNT I
I ON KODAKS. j
\ A full line of Camera Supplies. Prompt attention to g
I Country Orders. We give Trading Stamps. ©
; South Side. Between 8th and 6th, , . . ©
• SAN FRANCISCO. O
Tells How He Escaped the Terrors of M any
W
1/ I ~T~~^^jjlc~?^*^5gif~5ffT^^^^*^^^ v " my sincere testimony should becom 1
MR.JSAAC BROCK. : B0RN IN BUNCOMBE CO., N.cTmARCH 1,1788. hadZ^ZTng^egZ JL
His age is 114 years, vouched for.by authentic record. He sags: "I attribute my fha ar/o At first I did not know that
extreme o d age to the use of Pe-ru-na." n j x ji>
¦ .-«.••. ., T „„ Pe-ru-na was a remedy for this
>-- — ¦ — ; — — Z -* Isaac cam© to "Waco and sat for his pic- >-^ri_™ U/f. am I k nnr ,J 4k m 4 /„
'V l / n 'u j 0. / * ) ture - in hia hand he held a stick cut disease. When I heard that la
-'Born before United States was t from the grave of General Andrew j ack . gr ip pQ was epidemic catarrh, I tried
lormea _ ( son, which has been carried by him ever p e - ru - na for fa or/poo and found it
. Saw 22 Presidents erected. \ since. Mr. Brock is a dignified old gen- . . . . °[ f. [S r 'PP° ana *<"*"" «
'¦Pe-ru-na has protected him from \ tleman, showing few signs of decrepitude. *° "° JUSt the thing.
all sudden changes. ( His family Bible Isf still preserved, and it "it has saved me several times from a
Veteran of four wars. •* ; » / shows that the date of his birth was writ- siege of the grip. I feel perfectly sara
Shod a horse when 99 years old. ) ten 114 years ago. ' from this terrible malady 90 long as t
A/ways conquered the grip win ( Surely a few words from this reiark- Ha^tm^mty^e^be^o'ld S"l ™
Pe-ru-na. ¦* { able old gentleman who has had 114 yea^ co ™«nu^fhe good wo"k °of
I Witness in a land suit at age of ( experience to draw from, would be in- people the value of his great remedy,
110 rears ' ) terestln S a3 wel1 a3 profitable. A lengthy Peruna. Very truly yours,
remedy of the age for catarrhal \ Herald, December 4, 1898. A still more riAJ^^ tl&fr&ii,
diseases. : < pretentious biography of this, the oldest CW { r
~~—~~—~- -t ™ g J^i 1IU i£f 'SJ 1 ?,,* d ° U ? e C01 ; For a free book on catarrh address Th 3
. . umn Portrait, was given the readers of p er una Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.
ESAAC BROCK, a citizen of McLennan the Dallas Morning News, dated Decem- if you do not derive prompt and satls-
County; Texas, has lived for 114 years, ber 11. 1898, and also the Chicago Times- factory results from the use of Peruna.
. For many years he resided at Bosque Herald of same date. ! This centenarian -write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a.
Falls pi^htppn mlips wpst of "Warn hut- ls an ardent -friend of Peruna, having full statement of your case, and he w.U
¦now'Hvefwkh^ used it many years. . * be pleased to give you his 'valuable ad-
x?m I ¦ son-m-iaw at valley In 8 p e aklng of his good health and ex- vice gratis.
Mills, Texas. ireme old age. Mr. Brock says: Address Dr. Hartman, President of tha
A short time ago, by • request, Uncle "After a man has lived in the world as partman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PALMISTRY.
MAP OF THE HAXD.
KNOW THY FUTURE
BT CONSULTING . *
SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
Europe's Greatest Palrnist-CIaiI»VOVan<- Direct From
and Famous 1-«IH11IOL Vldll VUyttlll,* London, England
FORMER ADVISER TO HER LATE Graduate of Youghos Occult College in
MAJESTT THE QUEEN OF ENG- India. Founder and President of Prlch-
LAND - ard's "School of Palmistry." London.
Private Consultation Parlors and Office.
1104 Market Street 1104 ::S£T
Suit* 11. 12. IS. «. 15 and 1514. THE VENDO ME.
Upstairs, First Floor. Reception Rooms 13 and H.
s Furniture |
See These Couch Prices
In our regular stock. Couches take so much room and we have so many
duplicate designs we can't show all. AH good. That's all, but the prices:
$18.5o Bed Couch A pretty couch by day, a double bed \ f PA
• by night. Golden oak roccoco frame, velour covered; for I I«OU
I $20.00 Bed Couch Much neater than a bed sofa. Vel- 1/f flA
ours in bright patterns. Golden oak frame; can have it for IT.UU. '
$24.00 Bed Couch Heavy golden oak frame, neatly carv- *)ft f\f\' 'g
ed. Tufted velour top. Springy couch, springy bed, for £UtUU g
$25.00 Bed Couch Worth $25, but it is so nearlv dupli- *>| Pf|
cated by others that for the sake of room it is yours f or L> 1 , 3 U
$25.00 Gondola Couch Golden oak roccoco frame, fancy 17 fTA
turned head support. Handsome velour tufted top, for 1 4 *\j\J
$28.50 Gondola Couch Plain center and tufted edge of IO PA
rich velour makes a distinctive couch. Good as it looks; for I O«*Jll ;
26.00 Gondola Couch Heavily carved golden oak frame. ?)! CO
One of the best selling patterns we have. This week for 4li3u
$27.5o Bed Couch Deeply tufted velour top. A couch 00 CH
I fit for any parlor. Golden oak roccoco frame. Now for ZZ>0U
27.00 Gondola Couch Carved mahogany finish frame. 00 t (\ <
Deep tufted velvet top. Fine springs, like the others; for //. JU
And a $12.50 Couch Reduced to 7.75
Equally Great Reductions in I
Sideboards, Buffets, Dining Chairs, Odd 1
Chairs, Hall S?ats," Rockers,. Writing Desks, I
Parlor Sets, Divans and Combination Desks. I
"The Credit HouseV SlxStoriea Hi^K. I
235-235-237 Post Street. Phone Private Ex. 37 ICLEVER SWIMMER WHO LEAVES
TO-DAY FOR CHICAGO TO COM
PETE 'in the championships.
had no fear. He 3aid they knew it was
customary for the night clerk, James Mc-
Gary, to carry medicine to the prisoners
if any took sick through, the night, and
that It was. his habit to leave .the door
of the prison deoartment open. They
knew also that he carried the keys to
that door and the outside door leading to
the main. entrance, and if they happened
to catch him without them they did not
doubt they would, find the keys in the
outer office. From there, he said, they
were to unlock the door to the waiting
room, proceed to the d*oor leading into
"When asked if he believed the story
Detective Robinson said he did; that sines
he returned from Butler to-night he had
gone to see a man lately a prisoner In the
jail who knew the circumstances and he
corroborated it. He said he had every
reason to believe it.
tlie warden's residence and to be let In
there by Mrs. Soffel and emerge to th«
street by the warden's front door. Th«
whole plan as devised^ at that time. h«
says, was carried out 'just as they an
ticipated, and he says they had no feai
that the warden'3 wife would fall them.
• Sometimes a - man - misleads - people by
being perfectly honest with them. <.
"Kitty Grey" has been so successful at
the Apollo Theater that Edwards has
made no extensive preparations for the
piece, which Is to succed it. Its successor
Is entitled "Three Little Maids," who will
be represented by Edna May, Ada Reeve
and Ethel Irving. '
Charles Frohman Is expected In London
at the end of the month, when he will dls
cusa his plans with Gillette. Tho latter
will not return to America this season.
He will reappear In New York In "Sher
lock Holmes" during the month of . No
vember, and will then commence prepa
rations for the production of "Hamlet." <
William Gillette has to vacate the Ly
ceum Theater .In -the middle of February
to make way for Sir Henry Irving. Gil-,
lette has not yet decided .whether to take
another London theater or play through
the provinces. There is no doubt "Sher
lock Holmes" would have run through the
season here.
Charles Wyndham's revival of Haddon
Chambers' "The Tyranny of Tears" at
Wyndham's Theater, with all the impor
tant people of the original cast, including
himself, Mary Moore, Fred Kerr , and
Maud Millett, has been as successful as
the new productions. Anthony Hope's
"Pilkerton's Peerage," at the Garrlck The
ater, has received much needed pruning,
the lack of which at first, imperiled its
existence. "The Importance of Being Ear
nest"* has been so well received at the'St.
James Theater that three extra rows, of
stalls have been added.
At Daly's "A Country Girl" has been so
altered that what at first appeared to be
almost a failure Is transformed into a
genuine success. "Mice and Men," with
which Forbes Roberts and Gertrude El
liott had been touring the provinces, was
first shown In London January 27 at the
Lyric Theater, where it immediately be
came a popular and artistic success, the
first Robinson has had, in years.
So, on the whole, the prospects of the
managers have> never been brighter.
Scarcely a newspaper in town had a good
word to say for "Mademoiselle Mars,"
produced by Mrs. Langtry, January 25, at
the Imperial Theater, yet all London Is
eagar to see the ! actress' wonderful
dresses, and her theater Is crowded night
ly. Every one In society is talking of the
gorgeous clothes worn by Mrs. Langtry
and the other actresses in the play. Mrs
Langtry also wears emerald and diamond
jewelry, including a long chain of dia
monds reaching nearly to her feet, which
excites special admiration.
There has been a wonderful change In
the aspect of theatrical affairs here, and
the majority of the theaters are at flood
tide of success. Old favorites like "Kitty
Grey," "Sherlock Holmes," "Frocks and
Frills" continue to draw overflowing au
diences, while every one of this week's
productions has been equally successful.
Plays whose success on the first night
seemed doubtful are all sharing in the
general prosperity. The visits of the King
and Queen and other members of the
royal family to the theaters this week
have added interest to the productions.
The royal party seemed delighted with
the play, and at the end of the third act
King Edward sent for Gillette and com
plimented him upon the performance. At
the end of the play the King again sum
moned the actor and warmly shook him
by the hand, thanking him for a delijght
ful evening. A great crowd waiting out
side the theater cheered their Majesties
as they left.
LONDON, Feb. 1.— King^ Edward and
Qusen Alexandra, with a Targe suite, vis
ited the Lyceum Theater to-night to wit
ness the performance of "Sherlock
Holmes." Their Majesties' entrance was
the signal for an enthusiastic demonstra
tion on the part of the large audience.
The King and Queen were apparently
greatly pleased, the. King bowing fre
quently.
Gillette Is Complimented
by Edward VII in
London.,
ACTOR GAINS
A KING'S PRAISE
A concert was given In Washington
Square Hall last evening for the benefit
of the Italian school of this city. A
lengthy programme was rendered. The
following gentlemen had charge of the
affair: A. L. Baclgalupi, G. Grondona.
G. B. Cavaglia, G. Daneri, L. Artana, -G.
Chiapparl. Angelo Ferroggiaro. Dr. V S.
Galeoto. V. W. Monti, O. M. Ratto. Frank
Marinl, C. Delplno. G. Giacopetti, !•¦
Torre, S. Paganinl, A. Camisa and F. De
losa.
Italia^ School Benefit.
Family quarrels wouldn't be . so bad if
other families would only keep -out of
them.
HOWARD F. BREWER of tlie
Olympic Club, champion long
distance swimmer of the Pacific
Coast, leaves here lo-day for
Chicago, whe.re ¦ he will compete
in the National championships. Scott
Leary, the short-distance swimmer, left
for the East some days since. .
Brewer will start In the races at 500, 600,
700, 800, 1000 yards and one mile and is
Expected to win his share of the prizes.
In the majority of these events he will
be pitted against E. Carroll Schaffer, who
<s supposed to be the best of the Eastern
contingent. Brewer averages thirty-three
strokes to the minute in the mile race,
an extraordinary number. ' . . -
Brewer won his first races in 1896, when
he carried off the championship of the
Cadet Band Entertainment.
The annual entertainment arid dance of
the League of the Cross Cadets Band
will take place next Wednesday evening,
February 5, at Mission Opera Hall, Mis
sion street, near Seventeenth. ( An inter
esting programme of ten numbers, in
cluding four selections by the band and
concluding with an exceedingly humorous
and clever farce, will be presented: The
officers and members of- the regiment
have manifested great interest in this
event and will be present in uniform.
The members of the band have been
working earnestly to make the entertain
ment a success.
Entertainment by the Blind.
On Wednesday evening there will be a
very Interesting entertainment given to
seamen* at their institute, 33 Steuart
street, by three blind artists— Miss LJla
Whaley, Miss Tillie Woods and L. Baci
galupi. An interesting programme has
been arranged, consisting of songs and
instrumental music.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Municipal League the approaching bond
election was discussed and a committee
consisting of Messrs. Morton, Bundschu,
Schlesinger, Hutchinson and Henderson
was appointed to attend the meetings of
the Supervisors and when necessary to
assist them in expediting the election for
bond Issues. N. B. Greensfelder^ was
elected president and J. Henderson secre
tary for the ensuing year. •
Municipal League Meets.
; In 1899 Brewer, won the championship of
the Northwest at "Astoria, defeating all
comers. In January of last year he won
the 500-yard championship of the Pacific
Coast in 7:021-5, American -record. :> He
won the quarter-mile championship ¦ in
July, and again captured the , champion
ships of , the Northwest at Astoria. He
ilefeated W. J. Kyle at San Diego- In Sep
tember in . half-mile, three-quarter-mile
and, mile races. , The latter distance .was
covtered, in 28:31 3-5,. American- record in
cpen water. ' ' " : ; .
6:23 3-5, a record. In July, 1897, he. won
the quarter-mile championship of the
United States at Chicago. In July, 1S98,
he won the quarter-mile championship of
the Pacific Coast, in 6:10^, an American
record. He also won- the 220-yard cham
pionship of the coast in 2:51, an American
record; the half-mile in 12:45 2-5, world's
record, and the mile open in 26:19 2-5.
Young Men's Christian Association in this
city, taking fifteen races in three months.
He won the mile championship of the Pa
cific Coast In the Lurllne Baths In April,'
1897, going the distance in twenty-eight
minutes and twenty-nine seconds, an
American record. On the following day
!-e won the quarter-mile- championship in
, piTTSBURG, ' Feb. ; L^-Late this . after
noon,",when John Biddle realized that his
hours I of life : were \ few, . ,' he ..told a de
tective* that ¦ he ¦ and his brother had . be
gun to saw, the bars , of their cells .before
Christmas ' and had \ completed ' the work
before \ Governor r Stone : respited * them ; on
January . 11..' He said they. Intended ;to
leave ' the ' Jairon Sunday, • January 12, or
the early morning of the Monday follow
ing, just as they did last Thursday morn
ing. • v . " - - ~- : '¦-"-.' ¦.'¦¦'':'.'- 1 '• • .'¦ " ., -
:,: When they, were notified of the! respite
untllUhe latter part; of; this month they
decided ' to : take ' their - time ' and i run ; the
risk of discovery, -.of : which ' he said they
'Excitement! was unabated ' to-day and a
crowd; of people " hung- about the -jail
doors all day trying to get in to seejthe
two' criminals. ; The ; most ; persistent of
the crowd were women,' many of whom
expressed . the • deepest concern and sym
pathy for Ed Biddle and declared their
belief in his innocence. - This belief -seemed
to deepen' when It became known that; Ed
' Biddle ""*iade a death-bed confession to
the Rev. Father Walsh of this place last
night, 1 declaring ; his innocence . of the
crime of ,a shooting,, Groceryman : Kahney
and Detective: Fitzgerald. ':•"; *
. After a consultation at the hospital in
the case of Mrs. Soffel this evening Dis
trict'Attorney Haymaker decided to al
low the woman to remain -here, as her
condition is such ; that the ' trip to Pitts
burg, to-night might " be; attended .-'. with
fatal results. Mrs. Soffel Is suffering much
from her wound and the attending physi
cians fear that her .removal now would
cause * gangrene to set in. -¦ . ;;
"I know," said he, "that my time here
Is short, 'and i you can say for me that I
am a Christian and will die a sincere be
liever in God and hope I will have
strength enough i to say so at the last." I
know I. have taken .part in many wrong
deeds, but I have never killed any man
and was never implicated with any one
who did.' I wish I could see Mrs. Kahney.
I would tell her the truth about the kill-
Ing of her husband.' This life has been
pretty tough Xo me,' "and the end cannot
come too. quick," and I don't- care how."
i A sister of the # Biddles arrived In town
this evening and was admitted to the jail,
but Ed was unable 'to. recognize her. . !
As long as he, was able John Biddle was
extremely talkative and was at times
boastful; But. as soon as the shadow of
death began to fall on him' and he recog
nized-it he became repentant. .. .
$ If you decide to stay at home, tell me. Then
you will give me permission to go. * Every
thing has been ready since Friday. I am
going to go Monday night. Just as sure as the
sun shines In the heavens above.' . {Tuesday
morning I shall be a free man or a dead one.
The reason I have you take so much cau
tion is that they will try to trace you to nnd
me. They will say right away as soon as they
come to a realization that you . and I are to
gether, "Find her and you will get the Biddle
boys." So I want you to smooth every track
you make. Don't let them trace.. you from
Plttsburg at all. Change your appearance so
that no one will know you if they are shown
your photograph. If they, can't trace you to
Buffalo, you are lost to them forever. I may
be with you in three or four days; can't tell.
Hide your morphine in the lining of your
"dress somewhere, so if you are searched no
one could find it. And in case the worst comes
to worst, .wait until you are alone, because
if any one knew you took It the doctors would
pump It out with a stomach pump.
If you bo Monday, let me know as early .m
you can. Come close to the window and 6ay
"I will go," for I can't see half you say if It
Is very light outside. If you go to-morrow,
I will then go to-morrow night (Monday night),
and now, dear, be sure and don't keep me
any longer.
Mrs. Soffel fell in love with Ed Biddle
in November. The burglar soon realized
his power over her. It was not long until
he started to write love letters to her. His
affection was reciprocated. Mrs. .Soffel
fell madly in love with him, and about the
early part of December he proposed a
plan of escape to her. She consented to
lend him her aid. Between, December 14
and 16 they had completed! all arrange
ments to escape from the Jail. Then they
learned of the Governor's respite. Afcer
this Ed Biddle almost persuaded Mrs.
Soffel to flee with him.' and his brother.
The contents of the letter show it was
originally agreed that Mrs. Soffel was .to
leave the city for Canada on the eve of
the men's escape. The letter in part fol
lows: '
We were searched pretty close to-day and
these fellows would swear on a stack of Biblfid
ten feet high' that we could not have had this
stuff on us since Saturday. . S<;e that you clear
yourself of all suspicion. They • never could
convict you, but some people might suspect
you. That would cut no figure. They, never
could prove it to save their lives. ¦
It would be much easier 1 for us to get away
if you stayed at home, on account of the war
den, you know. , In case you should not -want
to go. go .to the people at Homestead about
March 18 and call for mail under the name of
Mrs. Charles "VV. McDonald. You will get a
letter telling you where I am and how I am to
get : you. Watch the papers close, and if you
see they have traced us any part of the way,
leave Toronto on the quiet and .go to Mon
treal. Leave letter in the Toronto *offlce- for
mo and as soon as you get settled in Montreal
write me a letter to the postoffice there, all in
signs, where you . are. Montreal is about- 250
miles further north. Keep low until . I reach
you -
The writer took occasion to reiterate
his instructions, because she seemed not
to fully understand. He says:
It don't do to have too much red tape about
it. You must think for yourself. It will be
easy for you to go to Buffalo, then to Niagara,
which is twenty-four miles from Buffalo. From
there take a bus and cross over the suspension
bridge into Canada. Go to' a bank, get your
American money changed to Canadian money,
then ask some boy or woman where the Grand
Trunk station ig. Get a ticket for Toronto.
Since December 2, 1901, they have been
making preparations to escape. The dis
covered epistle tells how Mrs. Soffel car
ried the saws to the cells. It manifests
the extreme enamoration of Mrs. So.tel
for the murderer and burglar, and clearly
shows the wonderful influence Ed Biddle
had over Mrs. Soffel.
:¦¦¦/-',- : . -. ¦ . ¦
BUTLER, Pa.. Feb. .1.— At the close ol
a day of intense excitement and many
conflicting. stories concerning, the chances
for life of the ¦ wounded Biadle brothers
and Mrs.- Kate SofEel, the unexpected has
happened. -• '- .' . .7
, Joftn Biddlc, who until late this after
noon was cunsiVtered the more iikely' of
the brothers to escape present death, suc
cumbed . first and died at 7:35 p.m. His
brother. Kd, who has been unconscious all
day and who was considered In a dying
condition; last night,' survived until fit
o'clock, -when he, too, passed away. Both
men died without any apparent suffering
at the close. : ' •
Mrs. fcotttl developed symptoms of pneu
monia this afternoon, alter having rallied
from an operation this morning after the
extraction' of a bullet. She has a thance
for life, and unless some unforeseen com
plication sets in will recover."
The : death of • Jack 'Biddle was caused
by. the bullet -wounds in his abdomen.
Early. in the day the physicians thought
peritonitis was the principal danger in h.s
.case, but to-night internal hemorrhage set
in and the man bled to death in a short
while., . ¦
A lost love letter from Ed Blddle to his
prison sweetheart, Mrs. Kate Soffel, found
in the snow near the bloody scene of their
capture, reveals the long, careful plot for
their escape from the Allegheny County
Jail. The letter clearly shows the haz
ardous undertakings of the . infatuated
woman to securs the escape of the Bid
dies.
Wounded Brothers Die and
the Woman May Not
Kate Soffel's^Part in the
' Biddle- Tragedy
Explained.
LETTER TELLS
OF HE R AID TO
CRIMINALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDATj FEBRUARY 2, 1902;
Fastest Long- Distance Swimmer on the Coast Leaves To-
Day for Chicago, Where He MIl^Meet All Crack Eastern
• Men in Races From Five Hundred Yards to One Mi e
BREWER WILL COMPETE
IN THE CHAMPIONSHIPS
19
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. •
Mighty Power
Of Hypnotism.
You May Now Become
a Hypnotist.
Ten Thousand Copies of a Won-
derful Book on Hypnotism
/ To Be Given Away.
A great sensation Is being; caused by a free
book that Is being distributed by Prof. L. A.
Harraden, the world-renowned Hypnotist. This
wonderful book tells you how you can become
a ¦ Hypnotist and exert a strange and 'magic
power over others. You can | master this won-
derful, mysterious and fahcmailng science in a
few ' days' time • at » your own home. You can
surprise and startle all your friends by placing
anyone you wish under the Hypnotic spell, and
compel them to think, act and feel just as you
desire., 1 You can perform the most wonderful
and , astounding . feats, and create .. fun and
amusement for hours at a time. You can give
entertainments and MAKE MONEY. I You can
cure disease and bad habits,' win the love and
affection of . others, secure business prosperity
and social distinction, and gain health, happi-
ness and success In life. In fact, If you know
how . to hypnotize you ¦ can have BOTH FAME
AND RICHES. Why not be a Hypnotist?. .You
can now • learn I free at home. .' Send your ¦ name
and ¦¦ address - to s, Prof. ¦ Harraden, > and he " will
send you his BIO FREE BOOK,. entitled,'^ "A
Key to the Mysteries of Hypnotism.'-' It is a
magnificent work, containing hundreds of beau-
tiful i pictures, and tells all about the secrets,
methods, . uses and ,, wonders , of x the -; Hypnotic
trance. "All the marvels and mysteries of Hyp-
notism are laid bare, and the reader is amazed
to find he can master all these powers himself
by.a few.days' study. It tells Just what this
strange Influence is and what you can do with
It.;. If you want to,use Hypnotism either as a
pleasant recreation or as a money-making pro-
fession,;, you ' should send . for , It ¦ at •' once. -. . No
'more eleirant and attractive book was evex pub-
lished free.. /Anybody who applies can have a
copy of this most. precious book. It is mailed
FREE OF- COST to all wno send. a, letter or
postal. It la yours simply for the asking. . Send
for it THIS VERY HOUR. Address PROF.X,.-
A: HARRADEN, Dept. H, JACKSON. MICH.
JLDVEB.TTSEMENTS. .
| Baa Francisco, Sunday, 2 February. 1902.
Diner $3, Armchair $6.
o ¦ 7- -— -— o
The above chairs are not elaborate in design — on the con-
1 trary, they are severely plain; yet they possess beauty in both
wood and finish, which, unfortunately, cannot be conveyed in a
picture! . ' '
These chairs are built of selected oak, finished in golden
color and have a high polished surface. The seats are in the
smart box shape, with cane or wood centers. Price for a
"guest" chair. $3.00. For armchair, $6.00. With leather seats
at $4.00 and $8.00 respectively.
i We also have these chairs in the new weathered oak and
Flemish oak. with cane seats, at same price as golden oak.
You're welcome to "look" here^ — ofttimes "lookers" come
back.
O . -O
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 MarKet Street, 6pp. Golden Gate Avenue.
PB. KHiMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. '¦ **¦¦*
TRAINED NURSE CORED
BY SWAMP-ROOT
Used by Hospitals— Prescribed by Doctors.
? - ¦ ¦
To Prove What This Wonderful Remedy Will Do For
; YOU, Every .Reader of. The Call May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail*
* MISS ALICE BROTVN.
Miss Alice Brown, the well-known trained nurse, is in a position to speak wltlj
knowledge. She was formerly with the St. Louis Baptist Hospital and has had
inany trying experiences in her arduous vocation. She adds her valuable testi-
mony to the thousands already received by Swamp-Root. She said in a signed
Interview with a Reporter of the St. Louis Star: .
"Although a woman in my position can receive plenty of prescriptions rrom
physicians without cost, it was upon the advice of a well-known "West End Doc- .
tor that I began to take Swamp-Root. No, I will not tell you his name, for he
might not like it. But all the same, I took it when I was run down from night
work in the sick room. I was thin and yellow and tired even when I rose from my
sleep. Swamp-Root gave me a relish for my food and cleared my blood from itg
stagnant impurities. Of course I do not praise Swamp-Root as a cure for all
troubles, but it is splendid for the kidneys, stomach and bowels and relieves fe-
male disorders when all other remedies have failed to give relief. I know or
many cases in the hospital cured by this wonderful remedy.
/If' ¦ j'^ : </Q ¦:->':Vj •
1519 Semple Ave., St. Louis, Mo. / ol/Z^J-TAf*-, /
\ Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, therefore, when through- neglect or other causes, kidney
trouble is permitted to continue. FATAL RESULTS ARE SURE TO FOLLOW.
' We "often see a relative, a friend, or an acquaintance apparently well, but in
a few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness, or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble-^-Bright's Disease.
Themildand extraordinary effect of the great kidney and bladder remedy.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for its wonder-
•ful cures -of the most distressing cases. Hospitals use it with wonderful success
.in both slight and severe cases. Doctors recommend it to their patients and usa
it in their own families, because they recognize In Swamp-Root the greatest and
' most successful remedy. A trial will convince anyone— and you may have a sam-
ple bottle sent free, by mall. :
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder"
trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all
about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of tes-
timonial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr. Kilmer &
'Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read thi3 generous offer .in the
San Francisco Sunday Call. »
-; If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root -is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root,
Dr. Kilmer's, Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton. N. Y. J
B.KATSGHIHSKI
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
¦ 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANG1SG3. |
BE ON HAND EARLY §
MONDAY MORNING. |
I We have taken stock and found H
quite a few odds and ends. Well, l|
that means bargains for you, for E
¦we intend to clear them out, and f
•we will sell them at such a price M
that tho sale will not last but a g
short time. We will sell LADIES' H
KID LACE SHOES. MISSES' AND H I
CHILDBEN'S BOX CALF BUT- JM
TOX AND LACE. LADIES' OX- II
8 FORDS. MEN'S CONGRESS GAI- §j
TERS AND LADIES' TURKISH H
SLIPPERS AT ONE PRICE, 55 g
CENTS. R
_r mr LADIES' CLOTH AND KID |
n T^TOP LACE SHOES; coin H
a *-**-* toes and tips; sizes: r*
ft CENTS AA wide, 3 to 8. * p
li A wide, 3 to 4 and 7 to 8. • H
15 B wide, 3, SV£, 7 and 8. ij
I C wide. VA? I
W We do not gruajantee to fill coun- n
|| try orders on any of these sale ES
I eboea. „ h
3 mm LADIES'. MISSES' AND B
g CHILDREN'S BOX CALF R
H *Jkj BUTT on and laou m
a CENTS SHOES; coin and square toes Ej
M and tips and spring: heels; sizes: Hi
H A wide, 8 to 12 and 4% to 5%. §3
B B wide, 11# to 2 and 6%. ¦ W
H C wide, 11 to 2 and 5^ to 6. O
¦ D wide, 8 to 2 and 4% to 5& Ei
¦ . B wide. 12 to 2 and 3 to 5. N
P EE wide, VPA to 1% and 4 to 5. M
\i mm LADIES' KID AND PAT- |
1 33 ENT LEATHER OXFORD !
ij TIES; coin toes and tips; I
¦ CENTS sizes: E
|| AA wide, 4 and 4?A. f|
H A wide, Zhi and L : S
B B wide, 3 to 4. . S
y C wide. 3%, &A, g. P
I p»f LADIES* EMBROIDERED t B
II 55 £•*** COLORED TURKISH ¦
U CEITTB SLJPPERS J elzes .' 3 t0 8 « 1
Q ¦¦ MEN'S FRENCH ' CALF I
PI 33 AND PATENT LEATHER I
B vjrs^ GAITERS; sizes: R
tl CENTS A wide, V£ to 9^4. . U
K B wide, 6 to 7%. -I
g C wide. 6 and 10. •' i
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. j
10 THIRD STREET. |
Can Francisco. Ij
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sleeplessness
Is akin to. insanity. Many a woman re-
alizes this as she lies awake hour by
hour, peopling the darkness with phan-
toms, starting at the creaking of the bed
. ________|a|_. or the rustle of
Bg|/£FA ympvi- 'S 8 ans > an< l * con "
I I cause . nervous-
, •— ——"—I— ¦— — J ness and sleep-
lessness. It is the best of tonics and in-
Vigorants, nourishing the nerves, en-
couraging the appetite . and inducing
refreshing sleep. Irregularity, weaken- •
ing drains, inflammation, ulceration and
female weakness are perfectly cured by
K Favorite Prescription." .
"My wife was rick lor over eight years," writes
. Albert H. Fulte, Esq.. of Altamont, Grundy Co.,
: Tenn. « She had uterine disease and jr as treated
by two pbysicans and got no relief. At last I
* read about Dr. Pierce's medicines and we de-
cided to try hit 'Favorite Prescription.' I sent
to the drug store and got one bottle and the first
dose gave ease and sleep. She had not slept any
for three nights. Being sure that it would cure
her I sent lor five more bottles and when she
' had taken the sixth bottle she was sound and
¦¦well." ¦ ' ¦ • . •¦.•,-. •¦¦ -. - ,;v •¦ ¦•-•:.; :,;
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should be
used with' n Favorite Prescription." when-
ever a laxative is required. ; .
? ¦ ' » » »> «Vm'm «¦ 1V1 • • ¦
Your Fortune Told Free. !
•' RY THE 7fiTHAf Astrology reveals your '
DI 111*' LVUlAVt life. We will send you
• a Horoscope Reading of your life, and a ¦
most Interesting Book on Astrology, If you .
' send the date of your birth and a stamp for
t return postage. Our readings have, mad*
Aoeople happy and full of. hope and success.'
.Address MAGAZINE OF MYSTERIES, -22 "
I North "William St.. N. T. City. ¦ ¦ '
iff Another ¦ lot ' of six-day specials from the Owl Drug Co. Ts\
'% No use to pay double^ the price for inferior qualities when, by v|^ .
,/p watching these ads, you can save nearly half and get better, fresher 1\
- i.W drugs. On sale until Saturday nighty February 8th. Tel. South 356. 0 \ ;
H, Murray & Lanman's { Richard Fres French h
HI, Florida Water 45c Soaps. 3 cakes 50c I \ j
¦." '¦' ¦ Around town 75c — Owl's reg. price 50c Nicely perfumed-7-our teg. \%e cakes
W- Chest and Lung Protectors 40c Sheffield's Dentifrice 2 for 25© \
\\ The regular 50c kind— may save you a Other stores charge 2jc ead»— our re§^ t
IP T ¦"•¦" -hundred dollar doctor bill ular price l?c
\|\\ Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap 10c Packer's Tar Soap caXe 15c
\rT All other stores charge 15 a cake i The 25c kind— Owl'i regular prico 1/ ,
IWoodbury's Face Cream 15c fee %
' vuv Other stores ice— Owl s reg. price 20c »jv*.v\*vm»* *¦•«*••• , ¦ . if'
llr ¦ All .»•» n.ii Vv7KicVr.\r <4^r Generally sjc— our regular pric* >oc li, /
VvV For fi""Hy use— for dollar bottle we V*UllCT.,/\ I TViuSfcCy ¦MlE
AviV Coke Dandruff Cure 65c Lyon's Tooth Powder Hill
\Yvv Regular dollar bottle ' Generally 15c— our regular piles xoc will
\v£yl* ' «/? or<?/t£ m fof* 'tftG Fitlto n R&tti6gl,1&9 • Jy///
v^n ¦ ""25 Mirl\«t Si.. S#n frmncltco w/i/A good many courtships : are ' carried on
rjy moonshine— and the matrimonial re
eults are apt to bo mostly; moonabine. ~'. ¦: ;
New Guinea is just now sufferlrig from
a visitation of whooping, cough. ¦ This Is
the first time that the : malady ha* oc
curred there, and as usual ineuch cases
It la spreading- like wildfire. •¦.-¦.;
The mortality of clonothingism, accord
ing to insurance statistics, is much higher
than that of men with serious occupa
tions. It is well known that in certain
occupations the deathrate Is very high,
brewers and saloon-keepers, e. g,. dying
about twice as fast as the average; and
butchers, workers in the building trades,
fflassworkers, miners, chemists drug
g-tats being much above the average.. Yet;
take these and those- of' all occupations
together, and the occupation of the "gen
tlemen of liesure" is the hardest on life,
reported to exceed that* of the average
b^' 132 ner cent. There is at present per
haps not great danger of- an increase of
the unoccupied in our country, ¦ as our
restless energy would /prevent It if It
were not the fashion of the day to be
busy. The truth may be of service to the
rich, and shows that poverty, and even
the most Injurious ' work, is less danger
ous than wealth and Idleness." Time has
a -wise way of ironically killing the time
killer. - •/• •
Their Death Rate Exceeds,/the. Aver- ;
age by 132 Per . '
/Cent/.Vv^;
GENTLEMEN OF LEISURE -N V
IN GREATEST DANGER
d »T euoh * law to, obtain a franchise by
corruption wouM render . It Dractically value
less and Would be attended by so much danger
ttiat few would engage in. this fort of corrup
tion,^ and none without great risk of punish
ment and loss : of property •
\\e believe that all franchises for the use
or the city 8 streets rhould be sold to the high
est and best bidder after duo public notice
has been given, and that the plundering of the
f^t "s Property under the name of ."grant
ing franchises" should cease. Yet, if the present
system is to be continued, much can be done to
improve • the conditions. As the first object
rftS" I C .^ mlnal law l8 the Prevention of crime
rather than vengeance upon the criminal, and
aajt seems that crime of this character can
not be eradicated : until ; the conditions which
make it profitable | are removed, we suggest
that laws be enacted which will provide that
where a municipal legislature is bribed by the
E? Th. °^F^ U ? t^ ing • the ' to aid
m/1! . °i f th f franchise, upon his or any
ron vint i t. 7 1 * n v5 'ntormant and securing * the
?£" J£', ? ot the » er 8on who has bribed him.
% * ord' nan ce panting the franchise shall be
iSr^Ii? an i the Bame franchise, including all
SnS£?£ y - v ,H2! wU ? « *nd owned by the cor-
S»w^.^ tng v th i franchise shall be sold at
?"™P'» a ¥ rtlon '-, b r£ue'*d™rtlMinw»t, ths in
fh^im'^i**** 1^ 25 per cent of th « Proceeds,
the remainder to be paid into the city treaa-
The indictments which resulted from
the Suburban investigation were against
ex-Delegate John 1C. Murrell, , ex-Council
man Charles .Kratz'and Emil Ameysen
burg and Ellis Wainwright, . director of
the Suburban Company, for bribery, and
ex-Delegate Julius Lehmann and Dele
gate Harry. Faulkner -for. perjury. The
Grand Jury's report referring to the sub
ject of municipal corruption says:
Investigation which we; have made into the
corrupt imvir-.ocl by which franchises have been
obtaiutd Horn tho city and which have result
ed in a number of Indictments, has . proved to
us that thU lorni of corruption is. much more
geneial. than has been supposed, although the
resort to suc-h ijrairtlets with moie or less fre
<l ri1 ncy has bl?fn kl »"wn.' .It has been impos
sible for us u» make a complete examination
of: this kind of offenses within the time ap
pointed by law for our service, and the work
which we have begun must be taktn up. by thfe
Grand Jury,, which will immediately succeed
Two hours before ' the report of the
Grand Jury was submitted a bench war
rant was Issued for Henry Nicolaus, a di
rector of the Suburban Street Railway
Company. It was ordered by the retiring
body, which returned an indictment
against Nicholaus, charging him with
bribery in connection with the Suburban
case. -Up. to a late hour to-night Nico
laus had not been arrested.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 1.— The Grand Jury,
which has been investigating: the facts
in connection with the attempt to pass a
bill through the Municipal Assembly
granting certain franchises to the'Subur
ban Street Railway Company, by the al
leged use of a corruption fund of $135,000^
this evening returned its final, report and
adjourned. - -;.•%¦!;
"Those Tammany police officials don't
know anything about grammar."
"Well, they can talk In a way that no
poolroom proprietor fails to understand."
—Cleveland Plaindealer. .
St.. Louis Railway Fran
chise Case Develops
Sensation. '
Tribune.
The deal, in which the Morgan-Hill pool
Is the purchaser, is said to Involve not less
than $10,000,000, and the Kansas City. Pe
oria and Chicago Railway is -thereby ab
sorbed into the Northern Securities Com
pany.
The lines,. Gates -says, were incorpor
ated into a minor railroad system only a
few weeks ago, but it became important
to the Burlington to obtain that system
to fill up a through line from Kansas City
to the Atlantic coast.
Gates got into the deal by accident. He
bought 5100,000 worth of stock in the
Guardian Trust Company, an institution
promoted by A. E. .Stillwell, who. then
controlled the Kansas City, Pittsburg and
Gulf. Gates did not like the manage^
rcent of the Guardian Trust Company and
he was successful in his application for
a receiver. The railroad lines it controls
south from Kansas City fell into the
hands of the Harrlman syndicate, but the
Professor Alwood, head of the Myco
logical Laboratory of the Virginia Agri
cultural Experiment Station, at BlacKs
burg, Va., has been conducting some in
teresting experiments with these germs,
and has succeeded in thoroughly estab
lishing their utility.
The germa are obtained .from the dregs
of casks which have contained the gen
uine wine, and those of each particular
brand are placed for safe keeping in a
substance prepared from Japanese isin
glass and fruit juice. In this jelly-like
mass the germs soon establish a colon/.
When needed, sufficient ; germs may be
removed with the tip of a sterilized plat
inum wire into- a tube of sterilized fruit
juice. After two or three days the Juice
will be In full fermentation with plenti
ful effervescence. This process Imparts
to the wine the exact' flavor, bouquet and
characteristics of the wine from which
the gyms originally came. .
In France and Germany these germs
are beginning to be cultivated extensive
ly. They can be packed and shipped by
mail to any part of the Continent, or even
to far distant countries, by putting- them
into liquid solution in a tfehtly -sealed
bottle. Professor Alwood hopes to -induce
the United States Department of Agricul
ture to establish a- laboratory for the cul
ture and dissemination of thesfe.im
ported wine germs of world-famous
brands. , .
Wine germs which make it possible to
duplicate exactly the famous wines, of
Bordeaux, Burgundy or the Rhine, in
New York, Chicago or any other place,
are among the latest pets of science.
And considering that the r wine germ,
when carefully handled, has actually been
doing the work required. of him it is safe
to say that he has come to stay.
French Sauterne wines, the Rudes
heimer- white wine and the Lauciro,
made hundreds of miles away from the
home of the genuine article and toned up
through, the instrumentality of the re
spective- wipe germs, have deceived the
most expert connoisseurs. .• <
Casks Used for the Genuine
Wine.'
Germs Ob'tained From the Dregs of
Damaged by a Gale.
LONDON, Feb. 1.— The British steamer
Peconic, from Philadelphia January 14 for
Patras, has put into Gibraltar damaged
from an encounter with a gale.
MAKING CHOICE WINES
BY MEANS OP MICROBES
Ah old Maryland colored man was
summoned to court by the controversy
over the ownership of a mule.
"Who bought the mule?" demanded the
Judge.
"Clem Sroif en Ah each bought half ob
him, sah," responded the old man.
"Where la .Smith now?"
' "He ain't nebber cum down yit, sah.
He went to curry his half when his half
was In a bad humor. Now Clem's chlllun
wants to get deh fatheh's half away
from my half, en deh half am desa
half"
"Stop!" roared the Judge. "Dismiss the
case.'.' — Chicago News.
JURY DECLARES
THEM BRIBERS
Northern railroads were left to the cred
itors. Then Gates got' possession by buy
ing up the claims of creditors. *.
WASHINGTON,. Feb. L— The Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt and Miss Alice
Roosevelt were among the guests at a
Cabinet dinner to-night given by Secre
tary Hitchcock.
President Dines With Hitchcock,
WINS MILLION
BY ACCIDENT
Railroad Magnate John
W. Gates Strikes a
Lucky Deal.
CHICAGO, Feb. L— The sale of certain
"link" railroads In the Mississippi and
Missouri valleys to the Burlington is said
to have brought John W. Gates a profit
of a million or more, according to the
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— Detectives recov
ered to-day the silverware stolen yester
day from the Amerdeen Brittanla Com
pany. It was found in a hotel. The
thieves were not caught.
Stolen 'Silverware '.Is.. Pound.
FAKGO, N. f D., J B*eb» 1.— Judge "Amidon
of the Federal Court made an important
ruling to-day to the effect that a bankrupt
is not entitled to a Judgment of bank
ruptcy upon his voluntary petition while
an involuntary petition is. pending. '
Decision Affects Bankrupts.
TOPEKA, Kan., Febl L— Mark Withers
and W. Deweese were instantly killed
here to-night by a freight car. The men
were crossing the Santa Fe tracks and
on account of the approacu of a Jrain did
not hear, the .car. .which had been pushed
out on the track by a' switch engine. Both,
are railroad men and were married. •
Two Railroad Men Killed.
When a home Is made unhappy by a
great fault of the husband, if he is worthy
of loving and saving, he Is more effective
ly appealed to- by tenderness than by de
nunciation- or scorn. There are many
men to-day in the wrong path possessed
of worthy attributes, who might be saved
by gentle reprqof from the error of their
ways, but are only spurred on their down
ward course by the unrelenting fierceness
of a scolding wife. Those who have been
saved from evil ways bear witness to
the efficacy of the gentle sympathy and
loving advice of a true helpmeet.
, When properly administered a merited
scolding quickly bears the fruit of better
behavior on the part of the offending on©.
Many wives have spoiled the good na
ture of their husbands by seizing upon
soma fault, trivial perhaps, and constant
ly dwelling upon It.
•Let all scoldings be gauged by the error,
but do not make any one rebuke Ions
drawn out. Give each a hopeful ending.
Scolding, viewed in one light, Is really
an accomplishment— that is when used for
the proper correction of servants and
children. If you feel called upon to de
liver a rebuke to a servant make it clear
to the offender that your displeasure is
justified; never lose your temper, but bo
calm and dignified, for •remember that
your bearing has much to do with the re
spect that you are held in by those under
your authority. Never let a scolding de
generate Into nagging, for if you do you
lose all claim for respect from the de
linquent and the person at fault becomes
your critic, and a very scornful critic at
that.
The woman in authority should study
consideration of other people's feelings.
The common scold or the continual fault
finder Is. perhaps, the most disagreeable
person in the world, not only unhappy
herself, but making others so.
Rebuke by Unwise Nagging
• for* Trivial Things.
Many % Wives Spoil the Effect of Their
THE GENTLE ART OF
SCOLDING PEOPEKLY
as he warmed to his subject, Mrs. Schley,
who sat on the platform just in his rear,
became perceptibly nervous and at length
addressed him in an audible tone. Turn
ing to her for a moment, the admiral
again faced his audience and with a
twinkle In his eye. said: "The woman
behind the man behind the guns says
cease talking, and I shall have to bid you
good-by."
It was 6 o'clock when ..the . hotel was
reached, where the visitors dined in their
own apartments and rested a short wMle
before the evening's programme. To
morrow the Hermitage, the home of An
drew Jackson, will be visited, and ser
vices in the old Jackson church attended.
It was nearly 2 o'clock when; Schley
concluded his remarks, evoking continued
applause, and after a hurried .luncheon
at the Duncan the party visited Vander
bilt University, where Chancellor Kirk
land introduced the admiral, who spoke
briefly to the students assembled In the
university chapel. From there Flsk Uni
versity, the" colored school, was visited.
The -admiral spoke at some length and
•' At the State Capitol this morning, where
the welcome was' formally extended by
the j State and city, the crush was as
great as at the station last night/thou
sands being unable to gain entrance to
the Hall of. Representatives, where the
speeches were delivered. At the State
Housg, Governor and Mrs. McMillln, the
Governor's staff, ex-Governor Buchanan
and others extended greetings. United
States Circuit Judge H. H. Lurton pre
sided in the House of Representatives.
Governor McMUlin spoke the State's wel
come. Following the Governor were a
number of other speakers, Admiral Schley
coming last. ¦ : _
Thousands Give Welcome.
; K NASHVILLE, Tenn., -Feb. 1.— The first
;day's^ entertainment cf-'Admirararid Mrs.
Schley.; ia. Tennessee! a;; capital culminated
to-night in a banquet to the admiral arid
a; brilliant- reception In; h'onor^-'of Mrs,"
Schley. 'While "the Knights Templar had
the admiral as their guest at the Duncan
Hotel, Mrs. -Schley. was entertained at the
Maxwell' Hoteh by the -ladies of the
patriotic, societies of the city:
Governor McLean has just returned
from Washington and his visit has been
productive of many rumors, the principal
one being to the effect that he Is to be
come a member of the Cabinet. ' In place
of the admiral as a - guest at the ban
quet, the committee, It is understood, is
considering the names of other naval offi
cers, some of whom have their homes in
Hartford and other places in this vicinity.
The action of Governor McLean and
former . Governor Bulkley with other.
prominent members, who took the same
view of the case, Is attributed ., by those
who are. familiar with the affair topolltl
cal reasons..
The committee, nonplused, immediate
ly went* to work to recall the> invitation
and communicated with the Connecticut
Representative. Although the invitation
had ., not actually reached Admiral
Schley's: hands it- was brought to the at
tention : of the 'Maryland Senator, and
the insult is considered just as flagrant
as though It had been delivered to the
admiral.' ' ' - '
Political Reasons Assigned.
5 In March the club la to hold Its annual
banquet atthe'Allyn House and the invi
tation committee, it Is asserted, had de
cided on Admiral Schley aa a guest at din
ner. Negotiations were entered , Into with
the Connecticut Representative in Con
gress to proffer an invitation to the ad
miral. The Representative took the mat
•terup with one of the Maryland Sena
tors, and he in turn was to lay the matter
before Admiral Schley when the admiral
returned from • his trip to Chicago.
In the ' meantime the committee had
made known its action to the club mem
bership in general and then trouble be
gan. Governor McLean, , it is said, an
nounced he would not receive Admiral
Schley if he accepted the committee's in
vitation, and former Governor Bulkley,
who Is in line to succeed General Haw
ley in the Senate, took the same stand
and declared he would refuse to be pres
ent at the dinner if Schley was there.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 1.— It has Just
been .learned • that | the Hartford Yacht
Club, composed of some of the wealthiest
men In this vicinity, has Indirectly offered
an Insult to Rear Admiral Wlnfleld Scott
Schley. ". ¦ . * - ;;
Ececial Dispatch ' to The Call.
People of the Capital of , Tennessee
Enthusiastically Greet the Fain- .
; - ous Naval Officer and Hear
' Numerous Speeches.
Yacht Club : Invitation Is
Sent, but Eai to Be
;Reca!led.
an Ipsult \ to. -the
; . : Admiral.
Connecticut Men Offer
DECLINE TO
SIT AT TABLE
WITH SCHLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBEFABT 2, 1902.
20
THE DOr'TllKQ WHft fllDP DRS - shores & shores
a 1 1 OJ Bj\9f>J B l^ril\«3 f f B&^Lf wlJl.\fi-i San Francisco's Leading 4 * Physicians
¦"¦ *••¦¦** MJ^yj Ji v »iv i » *.* \s wv • and-Expcrt Specialists.
IF YOU ARE A SUFFERER FROM ANY NERVOUS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC DISEASE: If you are DEAF; If
you have CATARRH, ASTHMA or LUNG TROUBLE, STOMACH, LIVER OR KIDNEY" DISEASE, why not consult doo-
•¦ tors -who make a SPECIALTY of your ailment? Drs. Shores & Shores are CATARRH AND CHRONIC DISEASE EX-
PERTS, having PERSONALLY , treated in "the past ten years, over 100,000 cases. Drs. Shores' new offices, In tho Wiley B.
"Allen building. 933 Market street, are equipped with the latest and most scientific apparatus for the successful treatment
of catarrh and chronic diseases. .
Their instruments and appliances for making examinations in cases of deafness and obscure chronic ailments reduces
the uncertainty of a correct* diagnosis to the minimum. . . . : v-.''
».-" >* lC^i§&A, • In Drs. Shores* offices no "GUESSWORK" is ever permitted. The patient can under-
JW^Mwwfttt&k. \ stand from Drs. Shores' masterly .examinations the CAUSE of their slcknea3 and the pos-
J0^\M§T^'^^i\ ' sibillty of a PERMANENT CURE. Whenever there is a "doubt" as to the CAC3E of an
BZ * V / ailment Drs. Shores will not undertake your case, for it ia only by treating and REMOVINO
' " ' «T - ' >\ THE CAUSE of disease that a CURE Is possible. *
83 V*4 " - r>TS - shores are HONEST AND RELIABLE physicians and specialists, and ar© 'ln-
JH . "VM dorsed by the best people. ¦ . •
rJI If you are an ailing sufferer from CATARRH or 'any COMPLICATED NERVOUS or
. W •'¦'.' .-wl CHRONIC DISEASE, and are discouraged because you have treated in vain, why not avail
JB-J.ijnrifc- ' *• • « yourself of Drs. Shcres' generous offer:
viA^Sl '' "®^ B Free Examination and Free Diagnosis of Disease
' 111 1 " U* '" ' t - A1! Who A P Dl y This Week.
: /j»VV IJ A friendly talk with Drs. Shores will COST TOU NOTHING, and- may be the DIRECT
1 ¦ .t/mftWh -'/,. • MEftNS OF SAVING YOUR LIFE. After you have consulted Drs. Chores FREE and had
VA . jtfMettAa^! r\ /> your disease diagnosed free, if you want to be cured Drs. Shores' prices and terms are
¦ , i C *'*^t§^ ==r JSv ' ¦ within the easy reach of all. $3 per month for all catarrhal chronic diseases, all medicines
V?,.'::-' ' V |j^^Vt - . " YOU CAN CONSULT. DRS. SHORES FREE ALL, THIS WEEK FOR ANT DISEASE
/ imW whether you take the treatment or not..
¦¦¦wKSXAw' • '¦¦¦'¦¦¦ SPHCIALTIES'. . -.. ¦
'\W^W\J^j(^ \^ f 10^ <~ "" \P."RE— Deafness. Nose and Throat /£*%&&&%*
» - : ¦''- "•' ••' ¦ ' 'fe^ Troubles. Eye and Ear Diseases. Bronchial i^Sfr T
Vwr "* rtW W3^v pni1 lA>n^ Troubles. Asthma. Stomach Liv?r ' SSiSf *e*K se\
* %^VT \** % ¦ *5S ? *V!; and Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troui^l ;?, Fe- rM
I. V. WEAVER ' ' I wGi T J I ' lna ' e Complaints.- Diseases of Women and ¦ V&
. ¦ • ' ' • ¦ ' I *^ w' Children, Heart Disease, Diseases \4* At?* I
'-¦ Corner Third and Broadway, Oakland, Cal. I *J33t • .JW j^ Chorea (or St. Vitus' Dance), Rickets Spinal 1 /
»«-^,, m» cm */c7»r»«-- *&<"+ M^i'Mt^ Trouble. Ovarian Diseases. Sciatica and Rheu- /&&<*&$£*'**&.
ASTHMA 2O YEARS. M^W^Sfk SZSX^KS SSS
Head the testimony of Mr. I. V. Weaver, the *&0';t-4^$y_te'££&\ Diseases. Goiter (cr Big Neck), Blood D!s- Vp^^^X-C*\JjV
¦n-ell-knov.n ship ¦ carpenter, who has been a l/M/i/fil "-TTT^^r&^a eases> a11 Diseases of the Prostate Gland. 'k*S??VYV A*i \
great sufferer trom asthma and catarrh for /^rtlr-'^LJf£*%g*S Tapeworm. Hay Fever. Hysteria, Epilepsy, In- **S\1 S^J
over twenty years: . - ' "7 •«" \frM0$ somnia, etc. V '**£s&^ «• | M
.Mr.'Weaver says: .1 ,\ j tWasigP Home Treatment Cures. Writs \/s
I am a SHIP CARPENTER by occupation \ -I .'I IZgaBr fop .Svmntnm I ! o t t*~ZZl.iZl.+lXZ. 1
and live at the corner ot Third and Broadway. * ** * l*Z*W lOr O ymptOm List. Consultat:On «^i\»
Oakland. I HAVE BEEN A " GREAT SCF- Free. .
FERER ' FROM ASTHMA and chronic ca- . ¦ «T|rr~* A IV- nn »-^m. r r* «^ t « ' '*- '
tarrh FOR OVER, TWENTY YEARS. I WAS W H A K /Vil-^lV *1 " Pf\ V Wh^ll Glir^ri
CHOKED UP a great deal, especially when t ' ? ? *-tr\ IV HI Ci>| • r <»J W.HCU VUrCU.
¦SSSid- Jet^bad '^u/ht-lTwoSS Gurnet „,« suffer from [any of the weaknesses or ¦ 00 *™' and then Mk * REASON'-
have TO SIT UP 'IN BED TO BREATHE. I SiSS^fW^U?^ v^w^SSS^, r dl s»<Patlon ABLE FEE when you are cured.- NOW. WE
have tried a great many treatments and medl- £2 u _t?5 IH E E "^ PERSON WE WANT WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct un-
cines for my. asthma, but all to no purpose. 1 " 1 Crrr „:"' „„ ,,,,1 , derstanding that we will not demand a FEE
•'. This was my condition when I began Drs. ,^ e have proven our skill In curing CHRONIC until we cure you «««mo » JTU
Shores & Shores' treatment JUST ONE MONTH ( by ' publishing . the many voluntary " A ii7^SvATB msEAS'Tq . ' , ,..
AGO. 'I CAN SAY DR8. -SHORES' TREAT- testimonials from homo people, giving names," ' ALL> PRIvA /n DISEASES are included In
MENT ACTED LIKE MAGIC In my case. It Pictures, and addresses. this special offer, auch aa LOST MANHOOD,
helped me FROM THE FIRST DAY. and I WE CAN'T PUBLI OIIP rilDPc seminal weakness, spermatorrhoea, varicocele.
bava.*T©wn better ever! »lnc», until now my _., nDn7 ._,Q «^iV4.!Z contracted disorders, Contasrlous Blocd Poison
asthma, does not bother me, NO MORE :¦.: IN PRIVATE DISEASES etc.. and ALL WEAKNESSES of men 018on '
SHORTNESS OP BREATH! I JLEEP FINB «»„-„„,* -_,» >„?-.„ «™-^ W your disease has reached the incurable
NOW AND FEEL BETTER AND STRONGER SS^tS^£^.!ii.^h^SFT*' ' Henee we "tage we will frankly tell you so.) lacurable
.1^ EVERY WAY. ' ; . ¦#"££7£ t 8& U £r" g» ° f tr0UblM u C S^SS? k Ca?l TT^ 011 by letter
-'IT: GIVES; ME PLEASURE TO RECOM- ,~ ,« our pua. or in person. Call or write.
MEND DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT TO ALL. '- . , " « ' ' . - ¦ • . — : •
SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA AND CA- t\(r%O OBD/\S>r>^v \*v ¦¦-,... n /. , N
TARRH, FOR THEY HAVE DONE WON- BbSM'^ I? Ci-SiT^O87C^
"i^^E^OUBTINO TH IS fnisTIMON. VKOi 3nUKt5 & Spe.CNltistS,
It-tSISfeliFlS^ .•CSWB?' 'WILEY B. ALLEN BUILDING, 933 MARKET ST.,
> - . - -T! .¦ .¦.--' «^».«o«rB— nem vay», » ». q. to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 8. Sundays, 10 *. m. to 13 ».
;4yiyV- : F • ADVEBTISE3SIENTS. ; >: •¦-.¦• ? .. •• • •¦ '-. .. .: '.;
fc^ 1Kf t iHltsn lOC IU« ¦ ¦ ' •• - ¦ '• ¦••¦ - ' ' • : ¦ ¦¦' : made: of the flneat' materials, . — m
~~ ' I % 11. "We besln to-morrow— planned as never before— that matchless Annual Linen Sale— in offerin» Intensely Inter- "Jich m Grass Linen, ,? MaflTM,
fc-; e £. P? e , QU Si lt 7 . «Pun-glass estlns to every economical housewife— to all who want to save. It's -a great feathering of the enormous pur- Chambray, Z«phyr, Gingham ~*a,
•»^" frX uimns ' «8 Inches wide, in chases made, months ago, when it was possible .to secure the lowest' price* on largt quantities. Th« qualities and White Lawn. The most -3
¦fc- ail tne new colorings; sell regu- and the styles are beyond question the finest that we'have ever shown— and as our buyers have usedthe great- carefully selected patterns and '_^
i** 1 * ** 15c- Monday. lOc yard est energy to A6SUKB FOR THIS SALE the greatest volume of business ever done In our Linen Department, the the best fitting garments. -^g
¦»— ' opportunities to oave were never so good as they are now. Here we present a few Items of the many on sale. ,
g TABLE LINEN BARGAINS. MNEN NAPKINS ' DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 6REAT SALE SHEETS and PILLOWCASES 1
¦•>- A.A.C TAR1>— Bleached Table Damask ' ¦ - ,* * V - M . . £ great offering of a sample Immense quantities were purchased long
E 6I^I>OZ E K-^n l ine of Gerixan -^able .? VZi^Zlt for*^^ gr^ ffi
6ale price 4-lc yard frj*^ ear^ e^ d V 2?u."?i $1. 5o' , " Cloths, in a grUt variety Of beau- ; 111 be Drl °a! red *» leas than the present
£ 65C JiafxSSri^SSd 1 S ° n -* 8t ; --—-**-^ «»*\ tlfnl patterns, at ONE-QUAHTER g^ggg Jgg'JiS 47 We 3
SZ cuaiity. taJrStty SSi and Wde iu?e? SI' 6 ' Kr^KI "?*!? ¥"*¦'¦ TO ONE-THIBD less , than i im- M a V-" : «;-'- ; -^— — • • 40ce^ : 3
t: .Igns; good value 85c. Sale price.«5c yard Si^^S^^A^^jS^SSi' port price. - , - '. ***** "g? S3
fc 75C T$u?Tte£**uS a V£L?^2uh- «C|.9r, DOZEX-A' dependable' wearing fi»l .SO EACH-Tubl. Clothe warrant.' ™? 0 *- Saeeta . "^W. 'regular value.^ 65c
•tT Roral m« (Li^ Vrtlm- ««ntlra2' *** * quality, of flne Bleached Napkins. 5> * ed Pure .Linen. two yards BB d n V"m^:"ii^." V T.&?- .5S, !2
fc wte «"$1 M "le X rac^arf 22 lnch "* square, German make; regular' square; worth $2.00. . Cloths 2x2^ yards. BB at doz - sheet ". «x9O, regular value 6Sc, .
vaiue at ?i oo. bale price 3c jara ue $2 W- Sale prlce ?1J)5 dozen at fl. 85, worth $2.50. 100 doz'VilVnw'r;;""V/Vfl"^h T«r
•E 98C 7AnT>_T:xtra fine German Table „ .,. 1>0ZEN _ Fatln Da * Mk , , ncn fl; Q. 2 5 EACH-Hl R h grade Table Cloths, 1C Rt . *";,.
g ife^^s g^'r.^-.A£ flit fr^.? :
•T <T|-3S TARD— One of the finest makes .„ _ ¦_. . ' j,,_ h V, * &f5' y6 - EAC %~" A F P' endld erade C^r- eplendld quality; worth 20<-: at fl £» ~ =S
¦CZ *> l German Linen, fully 72 inches ' 5K 2 * 2 w^ x- i lerh , s IS ae « Ger : *** man Table Cloths. . extra ¦ heavy . '. .*. ... Tail lOC "*
«?— wlfie. In a variety of the handsomest pat- r,7T man Table 1><a P klns ot the finest quality, in beautiful designs, 2x3^ yards; .« , AK , , -U , i : '"^ I ' '¦¦ ,i -^
g terns; regular value ? ?T5. 8^^- SSSJ* ** "^ ' fg£ SS ' "<$$»: «Sr %S? iL^aTe & , f °"
S ZZ1 ' . ' " ; ....^ -. _ price ,. v .Yard 11^ g
P IMMENSE BEDSPREAD VALUES. PDFAT TA^l/iTi -Ft'/irAIT COMFORTERS AND CRASHES.
ZZ QQ r EACH-Large size Crochet Bed- O iU B /% I 1 I V ¥¥ I* I I" W I" \% I fSV 19 %*™-™ ««*n large size Bed =S
»- t7OC spreads, In \-ery pretty patterns. VilL.fl ¦ H Vr T T S— BL. .B— ' Y L.I T I sj •I' 1 - — Comforters, filled with, white cot--^
'TT^ hstnmed, ready for use; regular value ' ¦ ¦ ton and covered with pretty sllkoline; reg- Z-SZ
% sT^^^^^lS 2800 Sample Towels at ALMOST HALF PRICE. SSSrSl
g: tota. extra hei^Vn the cho^st r d4K- To-morrow and the. following* day. will show sales records seldom equaled by thi.: wo f tn %fT^ coverin,;; =~
%£ well worth 1 2.00. at f 1JJ0 each altT and »" wln »' department. The entire SAMPLE LINE OP TOWELS of one oi e» yard— «>oo ' ' ' '' " "
SS • <2«- 95 PAIR— 200 pairs White Wool Cal- lar selling pricesf^We made f O fScky p^rchMe^of 7 ?heu^ T s«np?e 8 !"!?!/ "^ Toweling, a v^ry e absorben C t quall^i
SI 2aVZL. 1 S-^t? 1 SSf^"w " "' ? "? f Z «>a"l«tin? of Damask, Huckaback and Turkish Towels, . in hemstitched, fringed and : «Pec»*» Bo yard
fc Jf^r^Vi^r^i,^ ? ' e c*f d p J? k open work effects— towels from the best known manufacturers ; the entire lot will be fOr TARD— 75 pieces 18-inch Huck Z2
p i rs SS^ ! fS,*ffiSSr^3£j^'g 1!1 »fS ! Sffi M iEK C1 ' COKCESSION5 ETOt L2. < f^t?'Jgi. ra S. h a? f ?:.\o B om5 2
E 2500Yards New $1.00 Crepe de Chines NEW 1902 FOULARD SILKS. 1
IN AL1. THE SPRING COLORINGS- The new 1902 Foulards and Satin Liberty Silks will be exhibited to-
£ thr P o^W1:re£?e 0t^^ O C P, new designs ever
ST gown is more favored than the one on sale to-morrow. An entire new J&. k^ \J brought, to_ this 'City. - 1 he patterns and combination of colorings . are -— «•
•r Bhipment. delivered to us by the express company on Saturday, will be Ilf| v . entirely different from last season's productions — decidedly more beauti-
£ t SSS^^^^^^^^^ t S^.^S!l^^ • V/f^- Td ; ful and artistic. Our selections were confined to.us exclusively and most of
v- ings, as foiio«-s: Luht Blue. Pink, Kose, Lavender. Maize. Tan, Gobelin, Keseda. Cardi-* these patterns come only in one or two dress lengths, thus assurinc ladies of zSl
fZ cal. Royal. Brown. White. Cream and Black. On sale at. -...85c yard exclusive gowns. At... ; .85c, ?1.00 and $1.25 yard
fc GRAND SALE OF $1.00 DRESS GOODS. ANOTHER SILK PETTICOAT SALE $1.25 BLACK CHEViOT, $W and 56.50 0
UELROSE AND SATIN-FINISHED r.u«i« v.i« $ 7 n. f.r A r en 52 inches wide. SILK WAISTS.
PRUNELU. Our Petticoat sale, stand K f\ « 0 U P K e .^^ ||0 (j puSe VSnT %$£. X '0 h 6 5 —
TOsts another of ocre^epedal Men- ST. XXTt^ J E '* of a^ ? ffiffiSJ? n'ot.se^e^ (JOy" -ffi^^Il^&rlTS'lb^l;^
£ |«^U%J^ SlTo-m^w! dly Pe^coa h ts r m f aTe^ ffiiW H3&&%J~S *£^ Hnes ffJSSjfr^S isFZLZ^S
g= !?i s 1 B ' r A as fo JT 5 trect eresses - Over 15 of grada rustling Taffeta, with accordion- grade. 52 inches wide, sponged and shrunk. hemstitched and I nivefty "alsta^tnat £ere
g vLu'eSV^^airar.^sic^ra Vt™.^..™^.^ '« 3
enew wash fabrics remarkable sale of separate skirts to-morrow i
E FOR 1902 300 LADIES' DRESS AND WALKING SKIRTS MUCH UNDER PRICE. *=S
5" _ , M , ¦ * Whatever your plans for to-morrow, your own interest demands. your presence here -when this lmt>ortant «ni» h»pin« xv» -»
JfS The advance display of the airiest of the airy promise you . extraordinary values-there will be no disappointments. These Skirts have T just arrived^are th^nMri «mnit
5= coUecticn of Summer Wash Goods will be shown line of this spring's styles that were closed out from the leading New York skirt manufacturer Thev ££ ..trwiv Vm t«T?i -3
to-morrow.^ Jhey^ 0 they of handsome fabrics, and every new idea in skirt etyles is represented in this i vLtiSsVAmentr ¦ strictly up to date.
»^ curious color comblnaUons. includ^Ltaen fi*^ QH PFAII T)F SflIF ANfl TAF« tf*^7 C A VCDV f 1TGCT unnri Ar =S
«£- t:ld e! ' k Batistes, imported Swisses. Madras and Nv I / ,D\J *CAU UD 2UIC AHU lAr ©^S ,^L J m j\J VfcKY LATEST MODEL OF
*" Oxford Shirtings. Dimities. Scotch Zephyr Ging- sjj R fl -,„„ cct I nnccc cmnrc vW /•¦¦'.¦ *"** uivvvuj ui . .
hams. etc.. at prices from' 15c to 75^Td H* * • EA CH FETA DRESS SKIRTS. *43f S* • EACH LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. 2
EE FYTRA FflJ? VKlVnAV moat fashionable and best hanging- Skirts «v 'Wg, '4\ Made of a high grade English Broadcloth and
,7 s_y%il%/* OrLVI/tL lUft iT(UftU/%l* we ever offered. Made of strong and durable l''WlV-\\ i ' Cheviot., beautifully corded and trimmed with silk =25
y 1500 YARDS NEW I*"* I silks, with graduated - and circular Hounces, nicely .'0 t&3.\ I and satin bands, in the newest graduated flounce; "^
fc: MADRAS GiNGHAMS \£?C Yard trimmed. Very exceptional looking garments, nothing like it at the price possible anywhere
jj- KKunno uinunum* u*m*\, worth |22 50, on sale at ? 17^50 each I My^T under $10.50. Here Friday and Saturday IS
•te. Tou never saw handsomer styles In heai-y . 7/^- \ ist ko h — •
y~ etriped corded effects, perfectly woven, in all the * . & \ ¦ «p<.ou eacn -_a
¦=: newest spring colorings, warranted fast colors, M ' __ \ ¦ • \ ¦ ' : . .
g v^.^:..^.-..^^^H^ C2.45LADIEyRAINY.DAT WALK- \l VV ' C|f). 00 Ladies' Stunningly Stylish 3
fc 60 PIECES SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL, EA0H m smTS> \L-' A^ EACH Lookin « D2ESS SKIRT S
E Special .Value 25c Yard. m r%e% a la- t :srsme S . rpr( w;th bla r. k i 1 C %3S J§mmm& £ SS P
J*~ A grand Quality for skirts and gowns in light stitched flounce, all seams triple stitched; can- /R§§?§|^|iss82%5i^» ' cta anG Satin straps in a very Frenchy effect, "2
0^- and medium colors, ia dainty Etripes and checks, ' not be had elsewhere under $5.50. Sale price with handsome graduated Hounce; an Ideal gar-
en Epecial sale at.,. 25c yd ¦• - i <•{"» ..^ 7^*^^^ZZ*~^ .ment; grand value at $13.50. Here for-.--.Friday — •
S= , -. • ""*¦-' ... v .?o.io eacn , . ,<,, ?; . ,- and -Saturday.':.." :........ {tlO.OOj&cb =^
gl 1 f". j COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PRnMPT^TTFMTJnM^ -^ i-'^ ¦= ¦*¦&&.> ¦ rSS
BIG EMBROIDERY OFFERING. j^^ f ¦¦ - - M**a ess®. ¥ a .rk; rfi^t <;ai f JlM
-Z 1800 Yards. 20c Values, Monday M® O j^kjt&tffll W^^^^h _ ' 3ALL. - I|
—on strong materiar { a rom V 2 to 7 inches t^^''^^^&&r^^_\ ' ' * ' i^~e*^K'
r. 1 .. 6 .'.^!, n "° C ' * ° n i a 2c a VarH 5^ saI^ for the first time to-morrow at 3
HyjUUJJH AH VEBTISEMSNTS.
¦•^V^^^^r^"^!! CATHARTIC
GUARANTEED CURE for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, b»d breath, bad
blood, wind on the itomaclb bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, Indigestion, pimpies,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion and dizziness. When your powew
don't move regularly.you arc sick. Constipation kills more people than all other^ diseases
together. >It is a etartcr for tho chronic ailments and lone years of suffering that com*
afterwards. No matter what aila you, start taking CASCARET S today, for you will never
get well and be v/ell all the time until you put your bowels right. Take our advice, start
with Cascarets"tocWy under an absolute guarantee to cure or money refunded. Sampl©
and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 50a
WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING-WE PAY" NO RENT.
r^^ s ~ vnii nffd a
%mm fif^M* BUREAU AND
TyfVtO A BED5TEAD
" * ' / f^' j^^fe^^. w « offer thi3 wcek at remarkably
¦ t"£j2 s<S aB^^^^V V low fi S ures a fine Quarter-sawed oak.
?fCi/ I^'^^S^^^^I polished, golden finish bureau; a
** '^^^^^^^Pi bargain; also a beautiful line of
(0& .' %(>£$£§' -£pZ§M enameled bedsteads in many styles
($*m^vP^$2}\ ' )C- Jv J« an<^ newe5t designs; you want them;
/^^. y\T they are yours at a very low figure.
(|f/©^^ •. DON'T .FORGET
lS^ —^ =^^£^ I ll That we have all the other furnlsh-
|7-^--,^ Z ""^fclj-l. ~* H~ -R-l Inga for your house; can furnish it
I t 'flUrai""- I "lAL — "Si?' 51 " " 1 1 complete for you; everything from
Qv-JL Tu™if?1'R'(i7fcaI MWlrV SPI ;l1 ' f E basement to attic; Carpets, Rugs,
. : I '-in Draperies. Linoleums, etc., as well aa
4^<Ij,7?3''JWtWi»H +WYjJr*3-- fin e. fancy or the cheaper grades of
IX ArV^r Si furniture, and at prices that will glad-
jn <i^S^!AZ|p>^»i5n.Vi-'--' ;^^ den your heart. You needn't bring
K*\_ ' ' — <^v&9j/J.^' your pocketbook with you. You know
V>»./?./g\, ' _ ¦ • - BJ^r- that your credit Is good here.
i?ree Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE U. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., Inc.,
. 1CI7-1023 Ml««lon Street, above Sixth. San Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
I You sxt hereby notified that ... V
I your rent will be raisid
frnm $100 to $250 a month
IThe above no ice was received by us the I
other day. ; i
j It was the straw that broke the cam?l's tack. . • !
\ Wegiv.^up. And all our shoes will be soid / :
for wha ever we can get for them.
The qu eke' we can quit business the better
we'll .like it. '"^P^ySV-
\ So, if ycu want a birgain in shoes and
; wil: buy them tc-mprr jw, by ail means
read thess items: . >
$3 and $4 Ladies' shoes for 50c and 75c pair
; $2. 50 Misses' and Children's shoes for. .*..-.... 50c pair
Every pair $4 and $5\Vm. Douglas men's shoes
- - ' .* Si-75 pair
The famous $3.50 Regent shoes reduced to. .$2. 50 pair
The Rice & Huchins $5 shoes reduced to $2.50 pair
: Any p?ir slippers in the store for.. ..'. ...50c pair
Some extremely fashionable La.dies' Shoes for, ''$2 pair <
; Bring your basket— vou'Il fill it up for a few dollars. Buy enoueh
to last a year. No limit . -• ' !
(| Jl$ Keaa-ay ataear Busk 3*ffrom Asthma, Consumption, Catarrh, Bronchitis
8nd nervous diseases, this recipe in German,
French or English, with full directions for
preparing and using. Sent by mall. Address
with stamp, naminsr this paper, \v. A. Noyes,
M7 Power* block. Iiochester. SJ. Y.
Asthma sufferers need no longer leave home
tn<3 bueiness in order to be cured Nature has
l,ro<Jueed a. vegetable remedy that will per
manently cure Asthma and til diseases of the
Jun^s and bronchial tubes. Having: .tested ita
wonderful curative powers ln thousands of
cat«e (with a record or 90 per cent, permanently
cured) and desiring to relieve human Buffer-
Ing. I will send free of charge to all sufferers
A CUBE FOB ASTHMA.
LONDON, Feb. L-Wllllam Fltzhugh
Whitehous« of Newport. R. I., accompa
nied by Lord Hindlip, left England to-day
-on his way to the TJpper Nile. After leav
ing the Abyssinian capital, which the
trivelers expect to reach early in April,
. U-e expedition will traverse Walamo.
known as the "devil infested zone," and
hope to reach the Sobat River in June.
Arrangements have been made to have a
Soudan Government steamer there on the
lookout for the expedition. It will take
them to Khartoum.
Explorers Start for the Nile.
I'Cnl "Lytton made his Parliamentary
fit-but tfce other day, when, in, the House
1 1 Lords he seconaed the address In reply
to th<i' speech from the throne and cre
ated such a goed impression that every
ixjdy said he had evidently Inherited the
talents cf his father and grandfather.
women, is now reported to be eng-aged to
Lord Ljtton." Miss Plouden has frequent
ly been said to be engaged, but as the
Dally Chronicle says: "She now makes
an alliance that was worth while."
Miss Pamela Ploudeu Said to Se En
gaged to a Prominent
Nobleman.^- '•;'
LONDON. Feb. L— Miss Pamela PIou
clen, one of • London's most beautiful
LYTT0IT WILL MASSY
A BELLE OF LONDO1I
The Reichstag tariff committee's votes
this week are regarded as making the
bill's fate more uncertain than ever. The
non-Agrarian supporters of the measure
say the Agrarian majority has gravely
endangered the passage of t... ~..l through
excessive demands. The votes in favor
of certificates of origin and the applica
tion of foreign customs reflations ana
duties agiu t .~. states treating Germany
unfairly, place the Government In an ex
tremely unpleasant dilemma, after the so .
emn warnings of to*» Imperial Secretary
of otate for the Interior, Count von Posa
dowsky-Wehner. Much curiosity now ex
ists reg^—ng the Goverrnn*>nt'i *iture
attitude. The opinion Is generally ex
pressed that the Government will flna^y
accept the objectionable amendments, re
lying on the Bundesrath not to enforce
them.
Christian science, promoted by Mrs.
Seals and some of her American women,
has been a lively press topic this week.
the city authorities having prohibited
meetings of the newly organized German
eociety In the city's gymnasium on the
ground that psychological treatment of
disease does not deserve the municipal
ity's indorsement. Christian science has
obtained a considerable following in high
social circles. . '/ " - •
Professor von Hal!e says that as a re
eult cf his inquiries he does not believe
Americans have bought much German
steamship stock, because the Boerse
transactions therein in 1S01 were few. Pro
fessor von Halle believes it theoretically
possible for Americans to buy the major
ity of the stock of German companies,
elect new boards of directors and transfer
the general offices abroad, but he says
German financiers do not believe the Mor
gan group of capitalists possess such ir
resistible capital as outsiders imagine,,
and asserts that the seemingly gigantic
capital cf the United States is so strongly
watered that it might dlappear In times
cf crisis.
Doubt PoTrcr cf Morgan.
Professor Ernst von Halle, who with
Tjiard Scbwcrtze visited the United States
to study shipbuilding in behalf of the Ger
man Marine Ministry, writes to to-days
Woche advocating some sort cf govern
mental measure to prevent Americans
from acquiring German steamship lines.
Among the suggestion is one that the
lines be officered by government officials,
the ownership remaining in private hands,
as in the case of the Reichbank, or mak
ing the ownership of such stock unlaw
ful for con-Germans. He points out the
difficulty of the Government's buying the
companies outright, as it would involve
the acquisition of property at ports ail
over the world, which might lead to com
plications.
The American colony here will celebrate
EL Valentine's cay (February 14) by giv
ing a minstrel show, the first to* be wit
nessed in Germany. It is for the benefit
of the American Girls' Club, cf which
Mrs. White, wife of the United States
Embassador, is president. Twenty States
and Territories will be represented in the
cast. George W. Reed of Chicago is the
manager of the show.
A German version of Jerome K. Je
rome's "Hiss Hobbs" was produced at the
Royal Theater last evening. The audience
enjoyed the play, but the critics predict
that it will not draw long.
Prince Henry has received in audience
Professor Franke of Harvard and con
versed with him about the proposed Har
vard Germanic museum, manifesting live
ly interest In the matter. Professor
Franke has lectured on the subject at
Munich, Frankfort and Nuremberg. It is
projected to initiate a movement among
the German university men and capital
ists for supplementing Emperor William's
present to the museum of Harvard by
popular gifts illustrating German art de
velopment.
Harvard Interests Henry.
The United States Embassador. Andrew
D. White; the secretary of the United
States Embassy, John B. Jackson, and all
the other members of the embassy will
assemble at the railroad station to-mor
row to bid an official farewell to. Prince
Henry, who will leave Berlin at 9 p. m.
for KieL The Prince will return from
Kiel February 9 to receive the Emperor's
farewell Instructions, but it is expected
that he will go to Potsdam and not visit
Berlin. The United States naval attache.
Commander "W. H. Beeler. will see the
Prince at Bremerhaven. Every berth on
the Kron Prinz Wilhelm has been taken—
a thing previously unknown at this season
of the year.
Various suggestions have been cabled
from 'Washington as to where and how
the Prince will be transferred from the
Kron Prinz AVilhelm to the yacht. Prince
Henry has decided that it will be more
convenient for the steamship to dock
alongside the pier. On board the yacht
he will receive Mayor Low and the other
members of the welcoming p'arty.
BERLIN, Feb. 1.— Prince Henry of Prus
sia will not officially arrive in America
until he has walked across the Thirty
fourth street pier. New York City, set
apart for the use of the North German
LJoyd Eteamer Kron Prinz Wlihelm and
the imperial yachts, ascends the Hohen
zollern's gangway and the imperial stand
ard is hoisted.
Arrangements Are Completed
for the Landing of
Official Arrival of Prince
Henry Requires
Ceremony.
KAISER'S FLAG
WILL FLUTTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXili, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1 902.
21
THE t EMPORIUM. | ' • ' THE EMPORIUM. | .- THE EMPORIUM, f , |
I Special Values in Stationery. WHJB"E K^^M^^^^^MMIMM Special Sale of Toilet Soap* :?
j|. Writing Tablets — 108 leaves taiin wove ruled Writing Paper, note size; our regular || |^|^ Wi 1^ ivi TO^^^L^ TO^^ J^l m Ww&Ftf cr 2 cn ' s Bvttcrmilk Soap— Hard milled, nicely scented; a special lot ot ¦ "^
fc{ 250 Envelopes— 5 or 6X >^h size, high cut, white or cream, box of 150 for . . . .25& I I JS 'ffil'^^-" /*-%-\ Jf^r.fv \~>. ?«. I -v rA^ct-^ §WH ' oo ° ca " °° sa e <? n .*X On X» • ® »•• ',"¦','" '*
g 25 p:r cent discount o.i all of our i 9 oz Excelsior and Pacific Coast Diaries, in genuine Seal, H ¦ B ** A Ca.llTOriMa.6. La.r§C5tr ]|fg| SflVCIl D 2S VloktteS- One of our best 2 5 C per box soaps; good violet *£* X
\ Russian, Morocco and anvai coverings. . V.U,^ ' •W^' 1 ' AnVCriC^S! OraLtVClCSt otOrC. > odor, delicate and lasting; Monday only; box 01 3 cakes B-T** •£
tf ' '- ¦ ¦ . ' . ¦ ¦" ' ¦ - •_ ' ¦ ' : • • : - - ¦-. - >.. ' . . ' " " " ¦.-¦': - ¦ '¦ . • - V ¦ .' .-., '-- -¦ ¦..¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦ ¦ . jf
I Wi6\^ek, Fir6t||\£|^ |\^ Pc&lkii*!^^ Cotton, Linen, J
1 Nbw Woo^ fabrics. g^f^BI^^^^S HII S Daini y &P™!/ Siiks, |
g; in ar groun s y ar( j " ' CS ' g^gf be individual and not common. Th:s is one reason for buying early. Another reason is the fact 'that it is pasier to Printed Liberty Foulardi — Exclusive patterns, in the charming spring j ,j»
fc . variety o sy.es, p y OUO cn g a g C the services of, a r.-aliy good drts maker now than it vvill be some weeks later. shadings of tan, rssrda, brown, national, gray, casror, eobelin, and in Jj
H ¦ - ,• . ' ' ; m , : . ¦ ¦ • . '.;*' hJack and whit:. The. styles are confimd to The Emporium, and <f
K 36-inch all-wool Venetians, 18 colorings. . .. figES 7 ff^fa *» — ¦ ; : : cannot b: duplica ed elsswhere; three grades 23 and 24 inches wide; -«
I J^^S&c^SfT.V.: 'i^gffl imported Wash Fabrics. ' Domestic Wash Fabrics. ?«y* rd **<>, $1^0, 31,25 |
Sf 38-inch ail-wool Albatross, all shades .: . . . Va^ST If some of these new wash fabrics were placed in . our show windows fine Or*and:CJ— For evening wear, 68 inches wid:,.in white, black, Grenadines— WD1 bt in great dsmand for spring ani summer, stripes «
K • " without a ticket it would be hard to convince ladies who saw them that . , f, ¦ . , , -i u'i- ? . »k i • • princ : pally, three qualities in choice styles, widths 42 to 48 inches; per Jl
$ "^-irxhCrerede Chine, all-wool, alUhade. .' . "h e y wer, not silk ' r '&** "^ yard • • • ' ' ' $1.00, $1.25, $1.5O £
V t^lil^^^J^^^^-^J^ "JT &%*" 32. nchFI.it MIK Madras-New weaves in cream, beauties, for waists; > ard ' ' ' / / /.•;•• " $&%[<. '- " * \ " 35 ° Pea u de Sole-Will be mor= popular than ever for shirt waist,, a rich $
« ;¦ 5^^^P*«^ c S !W c 2p; • • n P r l- ; • -,•• • • • •• - u - •.•••• •,• • • • > 7 ?© 31-inch Fine Shi:r O.-gindies-All colon and black; yard .. #2K© : fin ; sh ed 21-inch Peau de Sole, in the ten co'ar, most wanted; per V • S
j^ 38-mch Pcphns, handscme line ot colon . ... &Sf xeaffi*»- R» a l Tsat'ee Silk Stripes • 32 inches, Ussue. weaves, large line of co'or- i\ <-._. _ • ' yar d 85o'-'*
« ing=; yard . . v . . . . . . . . . ...... ." . . . 7liO 40-inch Victoria Lawn — 20 colon, inc^udng black, fine enough for ' ' * ' '••••••• • * * ','/ J*
*• 50-inch Natte, r new all-wool basket weave dffiSfo K$l on * ou ' - I'd?— Rich co'cr'ngs that look like cilk and wsar betttr; \\ dresses; yard . . . . . . . . . ." . ... y . ! . '. . . ." . #S|> Wa h Silks — Over 200 designs and co!orin^s, the choicest w; could find, Jj
tt 48-i:;ch Poplin, in the new spring colcrings .'. . . • wpHs^-/«y )' ar^ • ' " " ' * ' .* . • " * " • 25G • . , ¦ ;> . the quality the best made, plenty of whits, pink, miije, blue, gray, JK
**. 50-inch S = tin Viforeux, ia three mixtures Efflffi& EH * > ' ai ' 1 Linens— From Bc'fast, in solid colors and white, new, handsome Best Ame-iciri M'-driS — 32 inches wide, for waists, 'et: . . .233 black and'white, ere, 20 inches wide; per yard SOO JS
J« 46-nch Sive: a, jtv'i.h new mixed fabric. . ™ and durab'.e; yard . ..... . . . ........ ... . 45O * ' • V ., , . . ' , ' §
5 * ' . Fancy Grenadines— In black and linei grounrs, pretty colorings; yard . Tissue Weave Madras — In beautful co.orngs; yard . . . . . ;. 25c Fancy Waist Silk* — New designs selected in New York in December, j»
tt/' 46-in bit Mistral Etamine .. 85c 42-in. blk Cheviot, extra value.. 50c .. ... . ... ........ ... . . .;'. . 5'iO _ ' . , " ., "- . . ., , , . '. ' 8J there can be none later, the patterns a:e dainty, the color assort- jj
S 44-in. blk Camels' Hair Veiling. »i 50-in. blk Cheviot, extra value.. 75c Imp rt?d Belfast Dimities— The ever useful and pretty fabrics in a n-.w Tercales— Made etprcaly tcr us, 3 -b irchcs wide, best cloth and mest menc complete, widths ring; from 20 to 22 : nche3; prices per yard . m %
ti 50-in. blk Twine Voilr. . . 52-in. b'k Chevot, cxrra value .. 1 guise; yard.. • • 25O ' per r ect dies possbl; at the price; yard. ... 12}4o ¦ • ... . . . . ... . $1 .OO. $1*25 and $1.69 / ¦;¦;•*
ft : ; '¦ ' ; ; ' — : ¦ 1 ¦¦— •-'. - <•
I • H©^^^ $§3B*if2ig Gmgham Sa#e ®W M^2£fejf* ; Waiters' and Barkeepers 9 >
i For the opening attraction in our Wash Goods aisles, we place on sale to-morrow i ? o • p n McKfi' e S-Sre mSfi VV«fff^i and : J
|t £%i£BtmT@iltB&8 pieces of new up-to-date dress stvle Zephyr Ginghams and price djt& fl spccal off:ring of Waiters' and Barkeepers' Outfits. S
*; ta^tf*^ Hauaagga them at a remarkable figure that does not nearly represent their cost J|n§ Jitifmg a ways the lowest on this c'ass of goods, as hundreds of 5
% Some old favorites in new Of production; for Monday Only, per yard..... .^*r..*V*~ customers know the es^riinary ofFerings for Monday j
?. /^--^v . j ¦ v > • v i — = : ars made to call the pwicular attenaon of every waiter • . Jf
5 'W Our spring stock of bo } V and SpGGS^I Si*!® Of L&CG& MOHt/Smiy* and barkeeper m town to thw department. |
I /T^>i tT S n now CIot o n uf stiecZrhale Bought from an Importing Jobber the balance of a season's stock of Point de Paris, l^lf^t^f^ iw ' |
if /t>-fZu be : n ent reiy pre«y, up-to-date gar- Normandy Valenciennes, and Imitation Duchesse Lace, about oooo yards in .all, at an . Benjamin &o>., the t«t makers of v~J7 *
* V/>-WtA rM/l0^\ ment$> f<ishionabl - y made ' - .average of much less than half the.r real worth. These lac?s are very wide (3^ to 6 inches), come :n about 75 h/gh-gradc goods in tLu Unc in >A&BTr^ l^S
}C y&ulJ/ \W^\ \ Eloue * ! cr Sllt$ — For W\ 3 t0 different' patterns; all new and effective,-, tni- if -bought in the regular way wou d have to be sod from 20c #^ | - ft t^S'y onw' $4*35 '/^^MhA'M *
g » rT^yA.Jv In^^h^w^serg': R^^Msi^Sgf 1^ y ° Ur Ch * c -° ra^ P icCC > :^fl|#Ste ••••'•• - |lgr 'Wilf»- $2.50 jlc' et, - Good cual- |
af I Y^ii^/ co ,i a rs braided or pl'ah, hands mdy ; ' ; " '. . : ~ ~ 1 ~ ity ctciothweT made and fin^hed, /[ £ M/,,;' 1^/ jj
I 'TTW \Ul/ tt^^JTaS Sheet 'MusioSale--17o Mew Copyright Books. S
J. ri V r' V^-UV »6. 50 value. &&&'*<&£& /,„.... , ... _ „ Pub. Our Monday only . . . .&!*&& , |L^7 /\^> *
li' • \ in V. x „ We ie-1 all of the eoeMu«calPub.icatioai regularly. far 2 ;c. On Mot - . 6te ¦ W aiters" . "95c JicV ets— Good qu.nty | PP- ' ]J
j: Ul UU Beys' To? Coatf-For age. 3 to dav on]y we cff.r the i S popular favor.tes named I elow, -9 «? <« T he Eternal City"-Hall^ Caine $1.50 . ©S C of sateen, well made, and __ "| \ 5
i JA V- ¦**•*£ jfiL 10 yean, made can aL-wooi tin per cop/ . • • • • B M %* "Man From Glengarry"-Con"or . . . . . $1.50 Q8c finished, on Monday only . 75© LU \ JJ
i 1 <^-S-^^"c£*-^^- cov:r: clotJi, uithpan urrsibls «^ Baby f Mine; i ' >v * I "Coon, Coon, Coo 1" . "Count Hannibal"— Stanley Weyman-. . . ; $1.50 fiffo Barkeepers' $1.00 Jackets— Mads cf ' 'J
J» ovcrpla-d or gresnandreJ. lnese «<i rma Wa'tr-;" "Just Fiain Folks" ¦ "The Crisis"— Winston Churchill. . . ... ..81.50 8 c excellent white duck, already shrunk, fastened with either frogs ¦»-, "X
k pretty co=ts have yoke fronts, slash pockets and M?£Jl €3 <. Mr Volunt-e" "Ben Hur Waltr*s" "The Right of Way"— Gilbert Parker . . .$1.50 H&C °r buttons, witn military or rolling collars, our price Monday d €3G -J
tf cuff* on sleeves; our price on y .. ..... %&-%-•%*** <« Tommv » ' "Fox Hunter's Mirch" : "In thc Palace of the K?ng"— Crawford . . .-$1.50 $1.23 Barkeepers $1.50 Jackets— Fine quality pique, military style, large J
S Bov%' *. i'Ce Suits— For aeeso to 19 years, rour.d cornered sack coats, "Gracie" * • "Ohio March and Two-step" j "Graustark '— By G. B. McCutcheon . . . . $1.50 $1.21 pearU buttons, a very swell coat, Worth a quarter ff '_*•
h /the; knee cr long pants.Ue of Lj « blue Cheviots and *£ B _ M rch and Tw _ p ,. ..„. j , B:ca , You "Dg ! ! ! ! ! J^o • |Mg M^^^S^ g rfS'SJ |
i ' ¦ pmenaS^rrfMdSTmedin a "fint-chss fi^ S °" "I'd Like to Hear That Song Again," "Way to Win a ..Memorial Lite of PesiJent McK=nley"-Beau- the string securely fashed to sUnd laundering, Monday; J
J manner, a genuine 57.SO value; our price on y..^^* 1 *^*^ Woman's Heart." . . T'tifuly illustrated. . .$I. S Q , 5 ?O , each • ¦ 19C ,«
g- ¦ ; — ! ¦ — ~ — ; : — "~ . _ ~ ~~ ; : - v . • . •• ,. • ]»
fc" JSSl^il *&$$k0 We Jssughi (he entire balance of the fsmnus N: w York Ladies' tailors'.' H* Garshel & Son's, stock of this T^s? "*
t^ season's garmsnts, and thB entire Corset Stock- of Sachs Bros* &' Co. (a losafwholosale' firm), of kzJ ?/?'*&§> %
* ti^?c^'3 >^ the fol owing woli-known brand*: Warner Bno&', G. , fi«, r»a/#««. 1Y» 8*. Kabo, Golden Gate. Columbia Nitrsing and jtsc Sf& ? W 5
V >^%\^^^^ vc^ 5^^ Misses' Grown Corse(s>-a< a sacr.f.oo c osir g.out price, and they goon sale this weak at 37p on the $1.OO on Ions Rffe&tittWX -? 1L *'
I Mr^^OT^Enl' '• Dresses 37c on the v/zists 37c on (he $f.oo Extra Bargains. >• Corsets at One^ iWmm u^l^S^ I
I fWvV \ 111 <0M' $1.00 At^25c_to 48c-K S ™rt*i : lot ot At 29oto$2.75-A vntiotouu- Quarter and One- \Wm)TW&m^r' I
* Ml f |/V\\ \ A J \ Vf- jrrgl _^ _ __ ... /-mi black sateen, fancy flannelette, aa-wool and erdown sacques in all co ors and styles of ' :* m .* »_ . „, - \\ Mp/tfl. I n M b 157A I" <•
T-i^4l\^J ?&WK ySf^SS-AvanedaMortment of all-wool wash ' werc J IOO to o ur saIe werc to | s . eo . our Half Real VSSliSGS. A kMjW\ \ S
I; ra^^W — °, >>r^^^^ i
fc ' /^^/ U \ X ** $1Omf>C— Finely assorted lot of Ladies' cer'ued blicii sateen and ail-wocl waists in a toshes and rain ccats that were J2.50 to f u n fc one d. jjik flossed; regularly 50c to V «
k* «^^\ / ¦•'4V All-Wool Tailor Dresses; nearly al! colors; b : g variety, al this season's goods; were $20.00; in a fine assortment; our sale price, $1.00; s lie price, 15c. (Shi f tiff* n*<S -" *? 3*
•• \ / \\ many of them are very fine; Gershel* s prices .J2.coto our sale price, $1.48. 50c to $5.00. • : ¦ OQ-, immmtfoart n* <1 9*i— Full **JI*IMUrGn SS -^ W
$ V ' U J3CketS ™ *« to ° ur •* P*«. I 10 ' 00 ' *' lot of silk and woo! >| f 37O to^5.^17-A big lot :of shawl,; »gD£ ™/ g f f nb nd eS f eS ' >H 5
fe / "W 37C £ istsof the newest and waists, a greit- variety, near y aU colors and all kinds; Shetland, pla.d and tabd colored lummer net Corsets, with pnntrd flower,; Cloaks, <^%tf>~^Pk $
ft / \TVv^ r.V *"*"*.*' «^u"-»» «» »« iicw«i «i»u bhek, some very fine ones in this lot; were woven shawls: were Jl.oo to $ 1 2. 50; cur , , . ' e r , . •' O7* Aft »tf *. I v —^4 -rx fif ¦ 5
i I M&On thQ »«« *tyhsh of th» •»»>> .fancy and plain , 4 . oo t0 6 . so { our sa!e price , y a . lo . sale price, 37c ! to $ S -OO. - regulany |i.oo and.5i.»5; »1« P"«, 39=- T f^ n \»w Y 5
tf , - i-«V*' 9 1.OO T ? J ° r D '"" SC8; m^ y /' lk hned5 ' >If 53.OS-Assor.ed lot of fine sUk and $1 .OO to $5.VO- Assorted lot of fine SOC, Instoad Of$1.BO, S2.O0 Tailor-made Dresses of • NST^ Ml/hj^J X
*; ¦ JrTT^ ttnrt in P"c« were to oursalepr.ee, wo f, d wjist , a greaC many kincs and very * tapes; black, colored and plaid,; Gershel's —5 styles, including Dr. Warner's Health best silk and wool WSmWT .*
i Si * H>7S ' great bargains; were 56.60 to Jioioo; our prices were f S .oo to Jl2. S o; our, ale prices, , Corsets, h drab and white; Ba I's abdominal mxtures, all hncs, MMfff $
JR. r/JV*!^ >• ;5 *» tfi> ~ - • sale trice fi?q- ' ' |i 00 to Jtc 00 ' corsets; always scld for $2.00; Columbia ages 10, 1 1, 14; were ///MffoV^ x
If- l-JWl SV J tlnt^o™^- SkirtS 37C OH the Si.OO. ' At $1.g8-Asso« e i lot "of sightly ,oiled Nuiring . Conet., Dr W«n«. Hip Corset; "^*i S .oo; «J P™J. AMm}X$\ S
S * /^-^ W~, Jacki", /[f S1.BO.tO lot of Underskirts 37c On thS « ciderdownwrappe^that were $5 00 i7* Sf 5S' S AlKwool* blof^Sailf /^f^ 441 -^ J
J ¦ OILS short an J d_ me- .all kinds of all-woolSkhts, walking and; / , '5
J dum l.gi.s, light and heavy weights dms le» r tfa.; Gershel, pr.ces were _^ ©^-Assorted lot of all !q8 P- D- Corsets, also the best known price.'. . r. . $3.25 S
% travel's 'samples, mostly silk lned, m all J3.75 to ,57.50; our sale price, J 1.50 to kinds of mercerized colored and black under- ii , «f O OS_ A ssorted lot of fine' Wool numbers of the Kabo and CB.CorseU; Children's Box Coats, of best cloth; ag-s 4, 6, $
» colors; Gershel's prices were ? 5 .co to S2.9S, • ¦ , ¦ skirtS) jj s . y , cs . wcre >, oo to {^ ? ; our c,^^ Tea Gown Iacc trirnnled in all ' regularly soU for $1.75 to $2.25; sale 8, 10, 12; there are assorted styles but only J
I S2 o.oo; our sale pnee, $1.00 to f49S. Vl# ffS-A great var.ety of th e very , 5ale price , a5 c to 9 8c. . . eoleri; were | S .0O to our sale price, pricr, 7S c. V" . the b«t ones; »!e price ... .^.45
« At «7Off_Alri assorted let of medium finCSt Golt of P aracularlv ftnc *0'« >lf $#.4ff-A great variety of the v ? ry «,. a /. •- ! $1.00, fnstcatfof $3.0 O-For Chi dren s Kersey Coats, in brown and red, man £
5 : ¦ . if '11 r j 7 t n , , r r nif< and costly workmanship,- and many dress- beit of thu season's underskirts, so'id colors, • t\ the best grade of the J. B. Corset; sold at ta ; lored and braid trimming; sale price ... ¦ )%
K .engthnlk-hnedjac^ e «. | hrce^ r length skirts, trimmed and plain, black, ravy black and white effects and in all black, .all Wr?/»pffrS 3 7© Off #lie 5/ 5 3 .oo; sale price, $1. 00. $2.95 $
a nasoi^ c ' "7" rsalecricev- o? ?nd Oxford; Gershel's prices were | 7 . 50 to slyes cf flouncei and .ufHrs; were « 2.50 to At 48C— This season's flannelette wrappers; $1.S •« In&i&ad Of $3-5Q— For Long Coa's, in tan and castor; ages 4 to 1 2j 5T
lromj>is.oo to J-5.00, oursa p ./-V5. J is .oo; our ta'c price, $4.05. > 4.00; our sale price, Ji. 48. . . Hied waists; al good styles; were J1.00 to P. D. Imported French Cor: ets; sale, price, ' thc lest cloths; man tailored; latest coa:s; X
X* At $9.85 — This season's fineet si.k-lined A t $8.85—^eaun ui and expensive B'ack At $2,4-5— Assorted lot of fine colored silk ; $1.50;. our sale prce, 48c. . ' .- V $1.50. . •/ . sal i price . . . . .... . . .$7*4-5 j{
** medium length Jackets, silk-lined three- Cloth and Siik Skirts, very elaborately moreen and all colors and black of the finest At $1.43— Assorted lot of heavy Girrnan $2~*»O, Instead Of $5,00 and |i»-5° Misses* all-wool Russian Blouse Suits, #
*t quarter Coats and fine Raglans, in all co!o« trimmed, some silk lined; Gershel's prices mercerized sateen underskirts, all _¦ the , finest eiderdown and medium weight fancy trimmed V $S OO — For' gsnube high grade P: D. in age 1 o only; sale price. . . .$3.75 ; '^
V and black- Gershel's prices ; 20 to J 30; our were J15.00 to J30.00; our sale price, \ goods; were $4. 00 to $6.00; our sale price, flannelette wrafptH, that wrre £2.50 • to Corsets; assorted *ty:es, but the best; regu- $8.50 all-wool Covert Jackets, of best weave ..".t5
mi sale price,' $9.95. * £9-95- £*-45- < $3.50;* bur silc price, Jl. 48. lary 5.00 and $6.oo; a'e price, J1.00. . ahd shadej, man tailored j sale price.. $4.1 0 J
|- . L_ : _ — ;; _ — _ : . — ; . ? -. / '. . . — i — ¦ — J
I Sample Line of Carpets and FieB*niiiare--&a\fe 2O Per Cent. Bedding— Unequaled |
*• $f$f*Rft*G£ BMfftSrf[fP 1 'ff*W ! &{ Dlt &&r Last week we received another shipment of Carptts — nine thousand yardj of the latest designs — also on; hun- VW%3t3i3&$w l 2
V • dred Bedroom Suites, which our buyer in the Eist secured at a price which means to our cust3m:n a S.ivin% of at Fhe Tufted Comforters— One of the better grades for family or fine £
$ At manufacturers' Cost. ,.,., __ hpr r ... t ' ; .. t : ;M.- . : ¦ •• : ¦ '. " hotel^i instead of * x -s° « ch » wc *»*' p»« d^^ «•• $uia J
V t'r: We have recently purchased the %i~- \'. "™ . ¦ "¦ . • Galifirnla White Blankets— About as fine and well made as can be pro- *
J &?}( ,„.:„ „_-!. «-. O f the cfflehrated Bedroom' fui'e-Like picture; made of ' 07 V jfiks.-': ; CcUch- Covered in Persian velour, with duced, 7 «8 4 inches, beauties; pair $7.45 J
X !»•« entire sample line Of the , celebrated Jf ..^ y^^^^p&rfj.. f/Wh, c 1 i pp e r edge, - very : comfortable, Splendid quaEty California 5-Ib. White Blankets, pair.. . .54,95 S
6 \ 31 American Hosiery Co.' s Underwear, ; siw cf bureau 44x23 inches, with swell i x&- : +Q£§N&2k$§!;\ ¦ ¦¦- Sk(l$wJfimA only . . . . . . &gb Rgt California Whiti Blanket;— Best wool, bsautifully finished, for three- *
5 J^L^ I^j'jni r.n.ier V flT ,t1 vmHrrwr-r • frcnt drawers and oval-sh.ped, heavy i -¦^^^'^¦- '"' ¦ SW^'MMM' ' ' * ' ' '" •.^^* i9 «'. * quarter beds; pair . ..............: . . $3.75 "J
yTT^'^ Ae - lcadln e h0Sltr y 8nd Und " WC ' r Fren:hb.v=;p!at C mrror-,oL 4 inch«V I^IPP^ -ft^llSf 'cinHK A i'i r ' ? H" S -| ' Marseilles Bed Sprefd->-ll-4 size, good patterns; each J
S /^ W >v manufacturers of this country... - a bargain at. V»^» :^^r'^---JU fi\SW\ fm ' th i??? 11 "' 1 " . C «/P zt - H! 5 h P lIc ' Bleiched Pequot Sheeting-Si inche, wide; per yard 2/O .J
k TV H Ksl .. .'«,/. • *bd&<$7ba%B$$ ij-^J&Zr-r. «r±C \ l<L<£b£%*Jh " Utltul cff " t5 a " d colonr S s > latc5t Bleached Sheeting for three-quarter beds, good round thread, 72 inches *
S/llH \/J ThcUnC C ? m P nJCS Btlbrifgw.in ,-• ¦•• • ••'^r'Y'^T. ... _-*:;> :J£Z: y^.:: designs, special, p:r yard r OiT« wide; yard . ..... ... . . 1 . . . /5o "J
|Mt<|5^4%t^ mC<liUm WCight? Chl^^°^ ;^>:33 -^ -± |fe^^^\^y(^^_- 1^> ••• • • ; • .-...vfiMW. Single Bed Sheeting, bleached, 5 4inches wide; ? ard f^O k
5 :v." "T ">V silk -and lisle Merinos, all-wool ™;^- ,9^.-, ;^k«, ,k «,^ ™. H'- -" ¦^-«--^ | ¦¦ , 'fr^S^tlU? \° Wi . Tfpesiv Trmsels Carpet— Ten wire . .- . •. . ¦ ,. ¦ . ~~" ! ~ ; ~ j«
*>° si-o-sC \ ' ','/-. i -i j i now VftnTR' tfW >"- ' -•• -.'- ; ¦» iSsLLi*<^ ¦ .,.•*• . ..^sf" i quality,, the best make of Sanford's m ¦ BAW • ' m m <nb «V J*
fca T^ \ Worsteds, Cashmere, SI k and Wool 'i>A ? - > J 2^F ',- ¦ ..'; and Stnson's, parlor and dining-room llffO©!*© ifi^, SffGm '2
| • *" .and pure silkiUndergarm C ntsfbrm,n, lron Bcd J lB ' whIte , - black an d , : fe^fe^^ .¦¦¦ ; ,.^ now, P er yard. ... .^g^^ j», e Moore AAWhhkey^The genuine, Monday; bottle ... S/« >
Jtf which we place on sale bee : nning Monday, at miKU- green and gold ename 1 , extra heavy cast- ~~ ~U? "^^"rU— - *&r~ t .„ / --^ t, • $1.50 Quality Port or Sherry— Monday; gaKon $1.05 j*
X ¦ V _ - x -«. «««. #«./««# rf-» '"8 s ' pretty scroll effect, . with ' oval- J -+—^ u . Smyrna^ Russ— a6x 54 inches, Persian Good Reislin«— On Monday; per gdlon 6SO Jf
%' faCtlSrers' COSt 9 from One-mira tO shaped brass rod, rcgu'ar $16.50 value, now. . 48*4*2 *&l% and Oriental effects, fringed on both ends. . . . ffSfS Pabst Malt— Best tonic, Monday; doz $2 25 $
$ One-half leSS that! mOSt retailers ask. • • • • ...... ,.• • • • • <qPBmGa&1mV ... ... ... ....... . . iPJImUUr NagIee Brandy-Guaranteed 26 years old; per bottle . . .$1.5J 'J
5_.:i;& : — — . , .... : — . . — , ¦.,-¦• -. . ,r . — .-.....*.. , . ... . ... , .. ; ; ; ; ; : — : .5
*i Corded Tatteta 3fc»#»r°/P» «?«&€»*» Groceries— Monday Th & Best $2.50 Shoes Trunks and Bags. Speciat Sale of Novelty s
» •"•••«••• « mm mm -mm XmVCtSlKJU G0I €P*3ril0B . V • fOrLztHtiSm ' ' ' -/.; V ? U Bt*3CeJofSa •*
I Ribbon 33c, '£*M u$M^*&&^ *
g niaaUn € " <S^^_J1 _J[l^niI^ .tleso^Monday ....... . ©3© .Women's ! Lace Shoes '\vhich I; WMrfJ trunk, with fcur slats on top and two Nethersole Brace- J^*^. . %
*t'P' Among the many pretty new R bbons • .,"• • ¦ . "*" ' . ¦ . Oi{>^/ Ccffee— Our famous Java and Mocha, Monday; havejust been received from the MM* . . . ¦ ,. '¦ - , *U n J«. : U- a .. „:_. ' l^V ¦ lets, sterling si. ver O&r !§& X
X , JV ... • v ' •¦•• -jW lbs .' : . . '¦. :¦¦¦: .. .. V5f.fi O manufacturer.. They aVe made K?" • all around body; brass victor lock, finish, • guaranteed ISf ¦ MS. #
g for 1 902 'in especially- attractive •. ¦ ¦. < -. • ¦ ; : .; : . r . •„ 3^-. : V. ¦¦/•¦¦.¦¦;••¦., ¦ • ' of. the best quality" of vki kid, ¦,;¦ : » I ' -lull covered- top tray . with large not t0 tarnish ' M 2 7 rW *
V weave is a daintv corded taffeta. We have a 8ma11 lot remaining from a sale some E«t Eastern Urd— Monday, 3-lb tins. 39© tO p 8 either dull or shiny kid fin- - Z7V" . \ • '••i'- ; ,. " • Monday only, each Mi *** *__ I K». X
j, weave is a camty coraea a mondu ago of Cavalry Sabres, rdics' o f tne -/ n _ ,, / ish, and kid- tips. - .JP k : compartment for hat, . . O7|»% ¦ ffi S
5. lsvender or black; and we. are a SO corners, etc., wnich will; be .closed, out . _. c . , lb :' ai , ,, c ; Ln | j b -. - foj 'heels. ¦ They^are - >> 1 Sj. V - .' ri '' . ' graved, with lock and key. . ... .$1.00 <£
m{ ' --. •-.'•• . j jr '•' '"' ''¦ <r 'to the first comers Monday * ' ' '* "'• " ¦'¦ ' ' ' '¦ ¦ stylish, r well made ¦ XT'' ."•\««^ Drest Suit Case— Genuine leather, with steel 14k! Gold plate CufF Pms .... . . . SOo %
u thowing a corded fancy s«m .tatteta ¦ extraordinary pr'ce ifft >»- V Condensed Mlr.ce Mwt— In packages, ;. ; Libby ; i Vhoc, thatwill give V—s-^^T . ; frame, full linen lined, with; .^_ t -,>• Scerling SUver handle Tea Bells ..-..-: .6 Op j«
*. in the same assortment of u ¦ I&j3® or. Cudahy's, Monday, 4 packages. . -23o "tisfaction to ladies ihirt to'.d inside; 20-inch. j9^r#«7C/ Gold plated Brooches, enameled fleur de lis, »t
* • . 1 11 1 j ji LsSlT" ea ° ' ' " * '."'*.:•. ' ..'¦'¦.' who have been paying $4:oo.;nl J5. co fortheir ai-inch, I5.00; 24-inch, 26-inch, stone set and wreath designs, warranted to »J
colors, all marked, per yd. www. Drapery^ Department-Main Floor. „• Fancy Black Figs— lb .;....;... ff o street shoes; all sizes and widths. . $2.50 ¦ wear, each..;; ;.¦:.;. \\. .:. . ;J 75o " "Publication Office '. - <*gj^^^> ..... . Market and Third. S. F.
COMEDIAN AH SHONG,
A CHINESE COQUELIN,
IN AN ANCIENT PLAY.'
last "WednesdaV night to see
what the. yellow half was doing in the
theatrical .line. I had heard that the ad
mission was by hatchet during the pres
ent furor v over Ah Shone, the new Co
quelin-cum-Irving'who made his first ap
pearance here last Sunday night, but
found that the conventional 50 cents an
swered all requirements.
The house was small in comparison with
the attraction, but the excitement of last
•Sunday night, .when the management—
Grau fashion— sold more tickets than
there were seats in the house, and the
eeatless rebelled at being thrown down
stairs for remonstrating, would perhaps
account for the shortage, r
It is not easy; in these days of elaborate
scenic illusion to get into the atmosphere
of a Chinese play, where the mountings
Jl LITTLE tired of "Ameers,"
/\ "Princess Chics," "Ole Olsons"
/r\ and white dramatics generally,
/ V I wandered up to the Washlng-
A ton-street Theater in Chinatown
BELGIAN VIOLINIST WHO WILL
APPEAR HERE WITH CHICAGO
ORCHESTRA.
TUESDAY NIGHT. FEBRUARY 4.
(a) "The Robin Sings" MacDowell
(b) "Thy Beaming: Eyes" MacDowell
<<?> "AJl For You" d'Hardelot
(d) "Sony of Thanksgiving" ....Allltsen
"Voi Che Sapete" .........Mozart
(a) "Arlette" Vldal
(b) "St Men Vers Avalent des Allea" Hahn
<c) "nilea <Je Cadiz" Dellbes
Polonaise (C sharp minor) Chopin
Mr. Simmons.
(a) "Ich Hebe Dlch" ...Grieg
(b) "Im Kahn" :... Grieg
(c) "Lotusblume" Schumann
(d) "Es Bllnkt der Thau" Rubinstein
(c) "Serenade" Richard Strauss
"Brunnhllde's Call" Wagner
" THURSDAY NIGHT, FEBRUARY 6. -
(a) "Serenade" ,'. Boucher
(b) "Berceuse" Chamlnade
(c) "Chere Nult"...i.... Bachelet
"Etea's Dream" .................. ....Wagner
(a) "WIdmung" Schumann
(b) - "Waldesgesprach" ...Schumann
(c) "Solvejg"s Wiegrenlled" Grieg
(d) "Vellchen" .....'.Von Fielitz
(e) "Kirchf?ang" . . . . ; Von Fielitz
(a) Barcarolle Rubinstein
(b) Polish Dance Scharwenka
Mr. Simmons.
(a) "Longrlng" Schleslnger
(b) "Ecstacy" Mrs. H. H. A. Beach
(c) '"At Parting" ....Rogers
(d) "Tltanla's Cradle" Liza Lehmann
(e) "Spring Bong" Oscar Weil
Grand aria from Hungarian opera
"Laslos" Eikel
* SATURDAY MATINEE, FEBRUARY 8.
"EUIand." songr cycle..'. Von Fielitz
"Spinning Song" Wagner-Liszt
Mr. Simmons.
(a) "Obetlnation" Fontenalllei
O>) "Toujoura" .Maude V. White
(c) "A'Tol" Bemberg
(a) "Haldenroesleln" ' . -Schub«rt
tt>) "Angels EJrer Bright and Fair'*.... Handel
(c) "Serenade" Richard Strauss
Polonaise ("MIgnon") ...Thomas
B, Homayne Simmons will accompany,
and also furnish some solos, as the pro
grammes testify. '¦-[ \ /
It needs little more than to give the pro
grammes of Mme. Nordica's recitals In
mention of the chief musical happenings
of the week. Nordica Is well known here,
and the brilliant Intelligence, consum
mate grasp and exquisite finish of her art
are a known quantity to the San Fran
cisco music lover. How much she was
missed during- the recent Grau grand
opera season will be remembered when
the performances of Reuss-Belce as
Brunnhilde and Isolde are recalled, and
It is good to see— though how it Is to be
done effectively without an orchestra I
don't know— "Brunnhilde' s Call" on the
singer's first programme. The recitals
are to be given in Metropolitan Hall on
the evenings of Tuesday and Thursday,
and on Saturday afternoon, and no lover
of song or student of singing can afford
to miss them. It is better than a dozen
lessons to hear the work of an artist
like Nordica, and her programmes offer
examples of the best song literature of
the day. Here they are, in order of date:
• -. *,'¦ •
highest honors from The Hague Conserv
atory—which coupts a little, too. He
seems to have made a very favorable im
pression on his American audiences and
will be heard here in some excellent ex
amples of violin literature, the Wleniaw
skl concerto (No. 2), the Beethoven con
certo and the Parsifal paraphrase by Wll
htlj.
WASHINGTON, Feb. l.-Tfae following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels-
Raleigh-James T. Boyd, W. A. Blrsell'
E. Chambers, Miss A. C. Rossiter, Mrs.
M. Bennett;. Willard— William F.-Herrin'
William Sproule, W. C. Martin, S. Bloom :
Arlington— Miss R. Payne; National— J V
Young; all of San Francisco.
Calif ornians In Washington.
Herr von. Podbielski' s statement, may riot be a good 'argument for a tariff on food stuffs,
but it is certainly an unanswerable one in favor of the American 'system of managing > railroads
and regulating freight rates bjr competition* -w;-- : : v -v;; : — -t-^-- -¦- ,.-..;-¦ ¦- - x -._.
From Hamburg to :Berlin is but a short distance when measured by American standards. It
would be an argument against Government ownership and operation of railroads; if lit cost as
much to haul wheat that- distance as it does to haul wheat under private management of railways,
from Chicago to New York. W^hen, however, to the American railway haul there is added the
cost of transportation across the ocean,' and it is found that the two combined amount 'to less
than -the rate>from the one German! city to the 'other; the claims of the advocates of Government
ownership vanish into nothingness. 1 Is there any American farmer who would like, to see Ger
man freight fates applied; in tHis country? ¦ . ~ :
DISPATCHES from Europe giving an account of the tariff controversy in Germany --ire
port Herr von Podbielski, Prussian Minister of Agriculture, as saying that one of the
reasons why a high tariff on food stuffs is "a temporary necessity'-' is that it costs more
to transport wheat from Hamburg to Berlin than from Chicago to Hamburg. In order
to counterbalance the difference in freight ' rates the German: farmer, according to the Minister,
requires a high protective duty upon the produce of his American competitor. •/ ...
If the statement attributed to the Minis'tervof Agriculture be true it throws aflood of highly
illuminating'light upon the discussion concerning the comparative merits of . governmental and of
private ownership and control of railroads. In Germany the roads are owned by the. state. In this
country they are owned; by 'corporations. It has been asserted with considerable force and much
frequency that it would be advantageous to us to adopt the Gei man system. In view of that
assertion the announcement concerning the cost of transporting wheat from Chicago to Ham
burg and from Hamburg to Berlin is about. as interesting to us as to the Germans.,
-:. Mrs. ; S. Mitchell, a delegate from tfie
Kahnatenah Club of Vlsalla, is* here to
attend the State Federation of Women's
Club%j
• ¦ L. Lazarus, : a merchant of Winnemucca,
iNev., is here on a short; business trip and
has made his headquarters at the Russ.
•" Charles Errington. a fruit raiser of
Vacaville, is down here on a short busi
ness ¦ trip. He is • at the Rusa.
Count and Countess Gulinettl of Italy
are touring the coast for pleasure. They
are at present at the Palace. ; . ;\
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Mlnett of the
United States steamship Concord is at
the Occidental.
Bank Commissioner A. W. Barrett is up
from Los Angeles and is a guest at the
California.- '
J. F. . Lawless, secretary of the Paciflo
Company, with headquarters at Seat
tle, is registered at the Palace.
Charles E. Swezy, an attorney of
MarysviUe, Is among the arrivals at the
Grand. .
E. Hartkins, a cattle man of Elko, is
among the recent arrivals at the Rusa.
J. M. McLurg, a real estate dealer of
Fresno, registered at the Lick yesterday.
R. H. Beaner, a politician of Woodland,
is a guest at the Lick.
C. C. Bracken, a prominent mining man
of this State, is at the Grand.
Dr. P. T. Turner of Stockton paid a
flying visit to this city yesterday.
J. W. Spencer, a prominent business
man of Chicago, is at the Palace.'
Two long, followed by two short blasts,
are given for approaching road crossings
at a steep grade.
A succession of short blasts Is an alarm
for persons or cattle to ' leave the track,
and they also call the attention of the
trainmen to danger ahead.
Three short . blasts when the train Is
not In motion Indicate that the engineer
is about to back up his train.
Two short blasts of the whistle are
used by the engineer as answer to a sig
r.al from the conductor. For Instance,
the conductor pulls the bell cord a short
distance from a flag station to notify the
engineer to stop at the station. The en
gineer replies with two short blasts.
Should there be no signal from the con
ductor, two short blasts mean ''the train
has parted."
Three long blasts also mess that the
train has parted. This signal Is seldom
given on passenger trains, but Is fre
quently used on freight trains.
Two long blasts Is the signal by the en
gineer to the trainmen to throw off
brakes.
One long blast of the whistle given by
the engineer means that the train is ap
proaching- a railroad crossing and that
teams near the track must beware. "
One short blast of the whlsUe means
danger ahead and put down brakes.
Everybody traveling on a train repeat
edly hears the whistle of the engine blow,
but the average person is unable to In
terpret the meaning. All railroads use
the same code of signals. Here are a few
which are the most generally used:
While she was a litUe girl she was
under, the instruction of her mother at
home. Later she was sent to a finishing
school, and afterward went with a mar
ried sister for a tour in Europe. •
As Ida Saxton she filled ' the position
of cashier In her father's bank. Not that
it was absolutely necessary for her "to
earn her living, but her father believed
in it. She was first, however, given a
thorough education. .
It is not widely known, perhaps, that
Mrs. McKJnley was 'a working ¦ woman
when the late President married. her. V
ONCE A CASHIER.
TRAIN SIGNALS.
J^i QUESTION OF RATES.
The theme is too' harrowing to be pursued. The mere suggestion is bad^ enough. Let us
hope the plan of improving the red man by a haircut will perish without necessitating the scalp
ing of the barber who tries it. &'0^i?? r ;0JAr'i?t&i \^~.
. Imagine a treatment of the kind tried upon the youth. of the universities who waste their
time" and energies on football. How would governmental hair-cutting suit them? What man
ner of college yell would arise were the. rule, applied with the use of force when necessary? How
would the law act upon the long-haired : men who agitate for reform," or upon the short-haired
women who assist them? Then there are the more serious questionings concerning the possibility
of improving the ladies by setting Government agents to inspect their faces and remove any sug
gestions of paint. Finally, suppose the law set about regulating: golf clothes, and the kind of dances
that are in vogue in festal scenes?
- While it is generally desirable that governmental orders be attended with a full measure of
success, it is doubtful if the public will have any such desire in this case. A successful experiment
in government is very apt to lead, to an extension of the rule. Consequently should the Gov
ernment succeed in reforming red men by. means of a barber-shop and anti-cosmetic treatment ac
companied by a suppression of dancing, there may. come a time when reforming officials will feel
inclined to try the same treatment upon white men. Then there, will be trouble.
BELIEVING doubtless that manners make ' trie man, the officials of the Indian Bureau
/_; have decided to undertake to reform the wards of the nation by compelling them to
abandon a good many of their savage manners, including the manner in which they
wear their hair and adorn their fnces. Orders are said to have been issued to the In
dian agents directing them to see to it that the hair of the Indian is clipped, that they stop paint
ing their cheeks and dance no more the ghost dance. It appears the new regulations are to be
enforced, if possible, by rosewater tactics; for the agents have been instructed to "use force only
when necessary."
-A. ZSTE^V iFLEFOiRIM: 3i/EO"VE3^H12SrT.
PERSONAL MENTIOiN.
are more primitive than those of Bot
tom's comedy In "A Midsummer Night's
Dream"; where three chairs and a table
represent a luxurious mansion, and the
same three chairs and table— leisurely re
arranged by an American-garbed super
in 'full view "of the audience— signify a
courthouse. Nor does the distracting
background of the orchestra that, out-
Wagnering Wagner, Is placed behind the
actors, help the illusion. Neither the
wingless wings, In which, where there is
no property stored, an ever-shifting audi
ence sits making way occasionally for a
boy with a trayful of tea on his head for
the thirsty Thespians behind the
"scenes." But when you get Into the
way of realizing that a man who has
been killed is none the worse dead for
getting up and walking off the stage; that
an actor carrying a small rod adorned
with a -horsehair switch is supposed to
be on horseback; that .a sign post with
certain hieroglyphics painted on it rep
resents a gloomy forest; that a small seat
with curtains before it signifies a bedroom
scene to the Oriental comprehension, and
kindred symbolism, you have gone far
to grasp the conventions of the Chinese
drama and are in a way to enjoy yourself.
You may not be so lucxy as I was the
other night in having. Mr. Chan Cheung,
the "Mayor of Chinatown," play the
courteous host, but you will be at no loss
for amusement even so, if you happen to
strike a comedy like "Wong Die Ye Gong
Chong." -
. The comedy Is a trifle of 300 years old,
and is a story of love and Intrigue. It
is all about a haughty young almond
eyed beauty who has made up her mind
to marry only the smartest young man
of the day. She refuses one after the
other the handsome and wealthy suitors
proposed by her persevering papa, and at
last reaohes the venerable age of 21 still
unmarried. They make it hot for her at
home, and she flies for refuge to a "sis
ter house," a sort of Chinese nunnery,
swearing never . to marry. But the ab
bess happens to have a handsome nephew,
the District Attorney, with whom the
disdainful maid falls' desperately In love.
There Is a somewhat similar taddent In
"The Mountebank," where Fanfaronada
Is left out of the feast But the China
man played it all round Mr. Wards'* as
sistant in "The Mountebank" last week,
keeping his white and yellow audience In
a continual* ripple throughout the whole
scene. The haughty maid and her wait
ing girl were played with the usual as
tonishing llfelikeness by two boys, and
altogether "Wong Die Ye Gong Chong"
was a bargain at the prlco. You'll find
me there again the next time "Janice
Meredith" comes to town. •
There needs no Interpreter In the scene
between the two where the lawyer Is at
tempting to teach Handy Andy the pro
prieties. Faithful but stupid Andy does
his best. He cleans his shoes as advised —
but with his sleeve; attends to his nose In
the same glitterlngly unconventional
fashion, sneezes In bis master's face, and
the like broadly realistic fare*. I have
seen nothing funnier or cleverer m the
way of facial play than the hungry serv
ant'¦ expression as he watches, his mas
ter eat.
Ah Shong takes the part ot the District
Attorney, and with bis servant furnishes
most of . the comedy. He has a large
sense of humor, a robust and natural
method and a technique that not a few
of his confreres on the white stage might
envy. The servant is played by Ah Yom,
a clever actor who belongs to the Wash
ington-street Stock Company, and who la
supposed to be a sort of Oriental Handy,
Andy. :¦'.'» i.-
He reciprocates, then rides away, and
the damsel Is left lamenting. The too
fascinatingr youth then goes to court and
becomes a political star, the Emperor
even honoring him with the hand of hla
daughter. But the first girl's father Inter
feres here and has the young 1 sprig hauled
oft to court, where the venerable Judge
orders the recreant Lothario to marry
the girl. As I left at this Interesting
Juncture I don't know how it comes out,
but. as the Emperor's daughter had Just
made her appearance on the stage there
was probably a halr-pulllnsr scene a la
Chlnols in sight.
FAMOUS CHINKSE ACTOR "WHO RECENTLY ARRIVED FROM NEW
YORK AND WHO IS CREATING QUITE A FUROR BY HIS "WORK
AT THE WASHINGTON-STREET THEATER.
It is probable that there will be some
good violin playing when Jan van Ordt
comes to town. Mr. van Ordt Is with the
Chicago symphony, orchestra, that is to
be heard here toward the end of the
month. He was a long time a pupil of
the great master. Ceasar Thomson, In
Belgium, and before that graduated with
• f ..... . •
WITH the symphony concert on
Friday afternoon and the two
Hofmann recitals of Tuesday
and Friday, the week has been
rich In musical attractions. I
am not yet over the feelin?~bf Injury at
having to miss half of the symphony con
cert a~^ half of the Friday recital, but
sm ltd congratulating myself on having
heard -he Xew /orld symphony and the
Rubinstein "Barcarolle" even bo. Nat
urally Mr. Hofmann, pupil of Rubinstein,
would play Rubinstein well, but there
¦was more In it than that. There was the
note that has been missing from every
thing- else that he has done, in spite of
the marvelous poise and sincerity of all
his work, the note of tenderness, sym
pathy, poetry. He plays Rubinstein
without accent as it were, as one speaks
his native tongue, with an emotional
fluency and musical truth that stamp it
as being born of the heart, not of the
will, and to me it Is a portent of the Hof
mann that will be later, when life's little
ironies and glories have wrung' and
crowned him with their new knowledge.
At 25 he has still the heart of a child,
with the brain of a man and the fingers
of a giant, and what he will be when his
emotions catch up. with the rest of him
it is hard to say. Perhaps a second
Oodowsky, for In "his glittering analytical
faculty he perhaps comes closer to him
than any other player we have heard
here. Ke has not yet the magical finish
cf Godowsky's technique, but It is *a
quality of technique that reminds of the
great master, with a touch of the Ro
eenthal magnificence about It. He is as
sincere and direct In method as Godow
sky also, as unpretentious and modest,
and his limpid clarity of tone and won
derful dynamic control further recall the
preat artist. After Rubinstein, perhaps
Hofmann plays best Chopin and Liszt,
though he Is eminently worth hearing In
anything he does, even In his Beethoven
playing, which is his least attractive
achievement. He will be heard again, it
is good to know, in response to a large
request, in two recitals at the Metropoli
tan Temple next week, where the dis
tinguished young artist will doubtless be
again welcomed by the large army of
admirers he has acquired. '- \
• • • • •
IT will not be forgotten by our readers that . The \ Call discussed our insular expansion pro
gramme, not in the way ; usual at its inception, which was rhapsodical and ecstatic to a de
gree, but in the light .of long' results! The revel of anticipation was amply voiced by
' others; we discussed the morning taste in the mouth of the country.. ,- >¦'
- . . The point that requires the retirement of sentiment and enthusiasm to the rear and the
placing of statesmanship in the front has been reached. We-gave warning in ample time, that the'
interests of our. tropical possessions would require a policy and system exactly antagonistic to
our continental interests. It is impossible to administer a tropical country on the same civil,
commercial and industrial system as a temperate zone country. Our view, is vindicated by., the
business Americans who have gone into the. tropics. The American Merchants' and Planters'
Club in Havana is storming Congress with resolutions demanding a marked change in our conti
nental policy in order to promote American interests in Cuba, and is threatening annexation if
it doesn't get what it asks for. Cuba and the American-Cubans are in the minority, but their
attitude brings . forcibly before our people that the situation is practically a demand for minority
an acute reversal of our continental policy. ..¦' ¦• _ %uv
The Call said long ago that production of a commercial surplus in 'the tropics is possible
only by the use of some form of servile labor. Tropical races are void of commercial ambition.
They exert only so much energy as is required for self-support, and as the bounty of nature fur
nishes food, requiring not much more exertion than picking and .eating, it, they pass life
in serene repose. Enthusiasm and sentiment scoffed at this, and drew an illuminated horoscope
for the hardy American who was to go under a vertical sun, clad 'in biue-.(lenim and unquench-
able energy, to sow and reap and gather into barns, and propagate a great race^ as hardy and in
dustrious as the New Englanders. Well, the hardy American has gone to the tropical paradises
to find his energy ooze out quicker than did the valor of Bob Acres. 'The flies, fleas, ticks and
chiggers-fill him full of holes. The giant ants.bite him and eat up his house. Strange diseases
gnaw at his liver and disorder his nerve centers. . His energy evaporates like the dew of the
morning, and there is not enough wreck of him left to pay salvage. '
So, from far Manila comes the cry and prayer of Americans who desire to- commercially
' The American Chamber of Commerce, composed entirely of Americans, has "met and '
unanimously petitioned Congress to open the islands to Chinese , coolie immigration. The
Chinese coolie toils under all suns and in all zones. He is immnneto torrid and arctic diseases
alike. He is temperate, hardy, servile. Therefore these American merchants say to Congress that
"Chinamen if admitted would not enter into competition .witlV local-: labor;" :That is the truth,
for there is no local labor. The petition continues: "The entry; of Chinese into the islands is im
peratively needed, as the tobacco, hemp and sugar lands of the archipelago are only partly culti
vated. Without Chinese the country cannot be properly developed. Building in Manila has-,
been badly retarded on account of. lack of Chinese labor, and immediate action by Congress is
imperatively demanded." • ' ;^/,' : , ; •
Only the Chinese rhat were in the islands when we occupied them are there now. As their
nifmber decreases, the hemp, sugar. and tobacco lands go out of estivation in proportion. It is
the story of Jamaica and Hayti over again. The difficulties of the 'situation are multiplied : by the
Filipino opposition to the Chinese. One grievance of the natives against Spain. was the per
mission of Chinese immigration. .The. Spanish merchants and planters held exactly. the same posi- ¦-
tion on this subject as do the members of the American Chamber : of Gommerce.; They forced the
Chinese coolies into the. country against the will of the natives and built up the native grudge
against Spanish rule. One of the elements in the placatibri of the f Filipinos is ; exclusion of
Chinese. The. only way to get our money back out of the islands is b)£ ajimission'of the;Ghinese. ;
We have the choice of peace, without ..plenty, pr«plenty,without : .,'peace.' The' two,. conditions are
We can go at odds with our continental policy, admit Chinese ; ' to the islands, establish
special minority legislation, bring all the hemp, sugar and tobabco lands into cultivation, and
maintain an army of 50,000 soldiers to guard the Chinese labors that produces a commercial .sur
plus. Or we can exclude the Chinese and let the Filipinos enjoy -their, tropical paradise in their '
simple Asiatic way, and the American Chamber of Commerce can disband, come home and exr
ploit its enterprise, in .the wheat and corn pit, and speculation in "clear" and "short ribs." :^
OUR Plil-VER TWISTS.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Communications to W.i>, LEAKE, Manager
Sunday ;..:;..............:..... :/:.-... ........ ......;;...;.................^........ :....... v. February 2, 1902
HOFMANN POSSESSES
A MASTER'S TOUCH,
AN AUGURY OF FAME.
THE S^N Ef^NGBGG CALE.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, .FEBRUARY >,' 1902.
22
By Blanche Partlngton.
By Quleard
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by 'the
Press dipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1W2, •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 60c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jan. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market st, Palace Hotel building. • •
Look out for 81 4th st, front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c •
Cal. Glace Fruit 60o per Ib at Townsend's.*
Ex. Btrong hoarhound candy.Townsend's*
A GARGLE of salt and water strength-
ens the throat, takes away the scrappy
feeling at the beginning of a Cold— "77"
does the rest.
WOOIiEN worn next the skin "keeps
in" the heat; "TT^ strengthens and re-
vives low -vitality and prevents Colds. *
DRY FEET are essential to good
health. Keep" the feet warm and dry, and
"77" will keep you well.
BATHE frequently; be sure to rub dry
and get up the circulation after the bath:
a dose of "77" will assist nature.
KEEP the mouth closed, breaths
through the nose. If this is difficult, you
have Catarrh and need "77."
LET the beard grow if your throat Is
sensitive, and take "77"— It cures hoarse-
ness and restores the voice.
"SEVENTY-SEVEN" ("77">. Dr. Hum-
phreys' Famous Specific, stops a Cold at
the start and ."breaks up" Colds that
hanc on. At all Druggist*, .,*-With the exception of a fussy woman
there Is nothing on earth so disagreeable
as a fussy man.
Try a Bottle of Evans' Ale
Just to see what has made It the leading:
brand all over the country. Sherwood &
Sherwood, San Francisco, Portland, Los An
geles, Seattle. .
the charge of forging a will in the Fuller
estate. He was sentenced to twelve years
In San Quentin, .and Wednesday when
Sheriff WUson arrived here with the pris
oner on the way to San Quentln Attorney
Collins served the writ tipon him. It was
alleged in the writ that the Grand Jury
returning the Indictment against Dr. Rod
ley had been illegally impanelled.
Dr. Rodley was a prominent physician
of Chico end was tried and convicted on
The writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of Dr. J. E. Rodley of Chico was
argued before Judge Cook yesterday by
Assistant Attorney General Moore for the
people and Attorney George D. Collins for
the petitioner. After listening patiently
to the arguments the Judge dismissed the
writ and ordered the prisoner Into the
custody of Sheriff Wilson of Butte County.
Writ of Habeas Corpus Is Dismissed
After Argument by Judge
Cook.
DR. EODLEY OP CHICO
MUST SERVE SENTENCE
Earl ', Puraont ¦ and 'George Kelly were
held; to answer. before the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan yesterday on, the charge
of I grand . larceny;, in $2000 V bonds. , They
'stole ; a.watch f rom J. - F. v i Murphy, a sol
dier, \while drinking with him : in-the Fel
: sen grotto * Market etreet. ; They were or
iginally, charged with robbery, but as
there was no force used th© atargo was
changed to grand larceny, ¦ - _.
Stole a Watch From a Soldier.
Francesca Belief Society Holds An-
nual Meeting and Elects Offi
cers for Term. '
At the annual meeting yesterday of the
Francesca Relief Society, an organization
connected with St. Ignatius Church, the
following named officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, Mrs. An
drew Welch; vice president, Mrs. Luke
Robinson; trustees— Mrs. P. J. White,
Mrs. J. M. Wilson, Mrs. Richard J. Har
rison. Mrs. A. Zeigler, Miss Lucas Har
vey. Miss M. David and Miss C. Gaillard.
The report of the secretary showed that
during, the year 1901 the society distrib
uted 2653 garments, 573 yards of material
and 22 pairs of shoes.
Liberal donations of money and com
modities were made at Christmas time,
when 175 children were each given a dress,
a hat, a pair of shoes, a complete set of
underwear, candy, fruit and toys. The
society also gave out $150 worth of gro
ceries to deserving poor families. Through
the kindness of a number of generous
donors among the merchants the society
will be enabled to continue its good work
There are 165, active and honorary mem
bers in the society. .
Mrs. Dr. Byrne Acquitted.
The charge of battery against Mrs. Dr,
Winifred M. Byrne/ 361 Geary street, was
dismissed by Judge Cabaniss < yesterday.
The complaining witness was Miss Peari
Metcalf , : whose brother married Dr
Byrne's daughter. She alleged that* when
she called upon Dr. Byrne to serve a' ca
per upon her Dr. Byrne kicked her. Tbia
was denied by. the defendant and she had
witnesses to corroborate her. •
SHOWS A GOOD RECORD
FOB CHARITABLE WORK
There was also* a very interesting les
son on the /disposition ;of : guides. This
school is to be continued for the benefit
of all the officers of the regiment.
The subject ' on that occasion .was the
discussion of battalion movements.; Colo
nel Whitton, acting as instructor, .pre
sented a number of problems ' which were
worked out and . every movement fully,
presented by the j several officers present.'
There were a . great many Ideas brought
out as to the best methods of handling a
battalion ' and , placing ' the , officers g and
men .where, they would be "most "effective
in action ' and , so > as to avoid . unnecessary
exposure to the fire of the enemy.:
The staff and field officers of the Fifth
Infantry Regiment held a meeting dur
ing the week at brigade headquarters for
the purpose of starting a school of in
struction, the first of the kind for such
officers In ; the : history of that regiment.
There were present Colonel Whltton,
Lieutenant Colonel Hayes and Majors
Juliard and Smith of the staff and Cap
tain Margo, regimental adjutant; Captain
Simpson, commissary, 'and Lieutenants
Coulter and Pierce of the field officers.
They Receive Lesson in Battalion
Movements and Placing of
Guides.
OFFICERS OF THE FIFTH
ABE- BEING INSTRUCTED
Attorney Archie Campbell, who repre
sented Brooks, objected to any testimony
regarding the newsboys being admitted
on the vagrancy charge and he argued
that there was absolutely no evidence to
support such a charge against the de
fendant. The Judge instructed the news
boys, who were in court, • to swear -to
complaints for ; misdemeanor embezzle
ment, and ordered Brooks into custody.
His wife was sitting in a front seat In
the courtroom with herjnother and when
she saw him being taken to the dock she
uttered a piercing shriek and fell to the
floor, striking on her head. Several po
licemen lifted her up and carried her
struggling to the corridor. She continued
to scream and it was some minutes be
fore the hysterical fit ceased. Brooks was
crying In the dock and moaning, "Oh, my
poor wife." It was an exciting and' pa
thetic scene. ' :: i^-V'f.
The young wife of Frank Brooks,
charged with, vagrancy, created a scene
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday morn
ing. Brooks was arrested last Wednes
day evening for tricking newsboys. He
would purchase a paper and hold a 60
cent piece in his hand. The boy Would
give him the change, but before he parted
with the 50-cent piece he would promise
to give the bby 25 cents to take a mes
sage to an imaginary person. The boy
would leave with the message and when
he returned Brooks had 'disappeared with
the 45 cents.
Into a Fit of Violent
Hysterics.
Young Wife of Frank Brooks G->e3
CREATES A SCENE IN
,- JUDGE CONLAN'S COTJBT
Hugh Frell, 16 years of age, who stole
brass fittings from the store of P. . F.
Clerc, was sentenced. to San Quentln for
four, years , by Judge Dunne yesterday.
John Kellan, who stole a fur cape from
the steamer Enterprise, was sent to the
County Jail for ninety days.
Criminals Sentenced.
It's queer that women have two arms
just like men, but not two legs— only
limbs. , , • . ;; 'ivi* v>i- -'v;,/
Hamilton Renton, aged 17, who enlisted
to serve on the training ship Pensacola
at the Naval Training Station on Yerba
Buena Island., was released on habeas
corpus yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge De Haven. The testimony
was that^the boy had obtained the con
sent of his mother but not that of his
father. Judge de Haven decided that the
law required the consent of both parents
to the enlistment of a son between 14
and IS years of age.
Mother's Consent Not Sufficient.
There was also an indictment on the
secret file, the accused not having been
arrested. ¦ ftvv-'s ''<<$¦:'¦".
A.L. Rehfeld was indicted for receiving
in pledge from a soldier certain articles
of clothing 'and equipments belonging to
the United States.
Joseph and George Alexander were in
dicted for receiving and facilitating the
transportation and concealment of mer
chandise smuggled into the United States.
The merchandise mentioned was thirty
six silk caps, which the accused are
charged with having obtained from a
Chines© Bmttggler on board the I>orlc.
There are two counts in each Indictment.
A true bill was found " against Ulysses
Grant Bair, alias George Balr, for making,
having in his possession and passing
counterfeit coins. There are six counts
in the indictment. Bair's ball of $3000
was raised to $4000 on motion of United
States District Attorney Woodworth.
The United States Grand Judy reported
several indictments in the United States
District Court yesterday morning."
Federal Grand Jury Finds True Bills
Against the Alexander Broth
ers for Smuggling.
TJLYSSES GRANT BAIB
INDICTED FOB COINING
ELECTBIC CAB CRASHES
INTO LUMBER WAG01?
Over Street and Front of Car
Is Demolished.
Driver Is Injured, Load Is Scattered
James Shannon, employed as a driver
by George Ryan, a lumber dealer at
Twenty-eighth and Alabama streets, was
badly Injured yesterday afternoon, h$3
truck colliding with an electric car at the
crossing of Alabama and Twenty-fourth
streets. The car. came down Twenty
fourth street at. a high rate oi speed.
It struck the forward wheel of tlv| heav
ily laden truck and scattered the lumber
in the street, besides throwing S^innon
off and bruising' him severely. !£,¦» was
picked up and temporarily trt*t*l $1 tM
neighborhood, after which h* \ft9 «e\^|
home. The front of the car \* «l Wdly
stove in and It was some time %*4yn !>¦•
road was again cleared for tra&»
Continuous Clothing* Sale*
The great clothing sale that begin last
Thursday is merrily going on. 1 3fy-5nor
row will be a banner day at the Lyr.^^sm-
The 500 men's suits that are going t> ba
scld for $4.85 will be a rare selection off
beauty. These suits are made of all-wool
ceBsimere, fancy cheviots, blue and black
worsteds, round and square cut, worth
$20, yet $4.85 will buy one. These suits
were made by Adler & Sons of Chicago
for leading retailers. This Is ona of the
great opportunities that the Lyceum of
fers in their clothing manufacturers* sals
that Is now going on at 913 Market street,
opposite Mason. . •
Deputy Clerk Barman Removed.
E. P. Barman, a Deputy County Clerk,
was removed by County Clerk A. B. Ma*
hony yesterday, incompetency being- thai
ground alleged. His placs at tha pro-,
bate desk was filled by the appointment
of George Lee. R. A. Martin was ap
pointed by Mahony to fill th« vacancy;
caused by the appointment of Deputy Jo
seph Windrow as chief clerk of the Peaca
Justices.
The fifty-three precincts counted in
Judge Murasky's court up to noon yes
tevday in the Supervlsoral election con
test have given E. T. "Walsh a lead of 148
votes over George Alpers. "Walsh lost
only 12 votes yesterday and Alpers lost
28, giving Walsh a net gain of 16. The
precincts counted yesterday were the
Eighth and Ninth of the Forty-third and
the Tenth of the Forty-fifth District. The
losses . of the other candidates \ in these
precincts are: Payot 19, Braunhart 18,
Wilson 24, Bent 29, Eggers 26, Coghlan 12,
Finn 11, Lyons 12, Aird 11 and Reagan 11.
The total loss sustained by the follow
ing^candldates up to. date is:- Braunhart
261. Payot 238, "Wilson 286, Bent 316, Eg
gers 325, Alpers 315, Walsh 113, Coghlan
103, Finn 105, Lyons 128, Aird 113 and Rea
gan 115. . -
Alpers Is Still Losing
Allsted took his dismissal quietly and
asked the Judge if he might have his car
bine returned to him. , The Judge gave
him an order for It on the property clerk.
The Judge said it was quite evident
there was no personal animus nor grudge
in the case, as the defendant did not
know the man and had not even seen him
before. The man was apparently doing
great bodily harm to his former wife and
he considered the defendant was justified
under the circumstances in taking' the
man's life. The case was then dismissed.
Lieutenant Price and Policeman Brown
were called and testified to finding Nor
mile's body. ¦ Price said he had found
from the neighbors that Allsted bore a
good character and he *was satisfied that
he and Normile had been strangers to
each other, so that there could have been
no other motive for the killing except the
attack upon Mrs. Allsted.
He called at the Vassey home and
learned that she had left there. Then
he heard her muffled scream and saw her
struggling on the ground with a man.
He could not recognize the man in the
dark and thought he might be a footpad,
so he crept up to them and fired the' shot
at the man's head. He forgot all about
the divorce at the moment and only re
membered that she was the mother of
his two boys. ,
Allsted testified to having secured a di
vorce from "his wife on the morning of
the" killing of Normile on the ground of
intemperance'. Although she had been
divorced from him, she had not yet left
his home. On the night of the -shooting
he went to look for her. ;:He had a loaded
carbine with him, as he always carried it
because he had been frequently attacked
by hoodlums.
Mrs. Allsted testified that she met Nor
mille, whereupon he knocked her down,
and when she struggled to her feet he
knocked her down again and throttled
her. She screamed and heard the shot.
Gustav Allsted, the carpenter who shot
and killed Thomas Normile on Bernal
Heights. last Wednesday night, andwas
later charged with murder, was given his
liberty by Judge Cabaniss yesterday after
he and his divorced wife had given their
testimony. • ¦ •¦
Andrew Hackett Objects to
Wife Visiting French
Restaurants.
Mary Lavaroni, who is suing John B.
Lavaroni for divorce, alleges cruelty. She
says her husband has beaten her cruelly
on many occasions since their marriage
In 1894. H. A. Cohen is suing- Estelle Cohen
for divorce on the ground of desertion,
and. the suit of Amelia C. Stlckel against
Benjamin Stickells based on the charge
of cruelty.
Lucy M. Rudell is suing A. E. Rudell,
to whom Bhe was married at St. Clalr,
Mich., in June, 1S84, < f or divorce on the
ground of desertion and failure to pro
vide. She alleges that Rudell left her in
September, 1S98, and«that since that time
she has been compelled to depend upon
her own exertions for her support.
Anna G. Clark, in her suit for divorce,
alleges that her husband, Reuben H.
Clark, deserted her in May, 1899. They
were married in September, 1893.
Alice Clements, who was married In
1892, when she was. but 15 years of age,
to Edward P. Clements, is suing for di
vorce on the ground of her husband's
cruelty. ". She alleges in her complaint
that her husband, during the three yeax3
which followed their marriage, drank to
excess and compelled her to associate
with his lewd and drunken companions.
He threatened, she further alleges, to
take her life, and she suffered so gTeatly
that her health was ruined and she felt
constrained to leave her husband and re
turn to the parental roof.
Anna Myrtle Grauss, formerly Miss An
na Myrtle Hopper of Santa Rosa, but now
the unhappy wife of' Benjamin Grauss of
Cali3toga. alleges that her husband has
such an ungovernable temper that a life
of happiness with him is impossible. They
have been married a year, and for six
months of that time, alleges Mrs. Grauss,
she has lived in fear of her life. Grauss,
according to her, complaint, without any
provocation on her part, flew into violent
fits of passion, raged about the house and
cursed and abused jj her. On the night
of August 25, 1901, continues the former
Santa Rosa belle, her husband struck her
on the fact with his two fists, badly
bruising and marking her and causing her
jrreat anguish. .
The difficulties encountered on the sea
of matrimony by Mr. and Mrs. Andrew
J. Hackett, according to the complaint
filed by the husband, have been numerous.
He was married in 1878, he alleges,
and I was as happy as the day Is
long until six months ago. Then his
wife took Xo staying out nights, and
for three weeks prior to October 1, 1901,
remained away from her ».appy home
nights from 8 until past the hour of mid
night.' Then his wife, he further alleges,
refused to accompany him to places of
amusement, which caused hlnufurther suf
fering. Mr. Hackett's cup of 'unhappiness
was not filled, however, until the night
of January 5 of this year, wuen he learned
that his wife had made one of a party
of four that visited a French restaurant
in this city and wined and dined. That
one of the party was a married man. un
accompanied by his. spouse, so shocked
Mr. Hackett that he determined to seek
relief in the divorce courts.
¦ The airing 1 of matrimonial infelicities
in the courts seems to have become . a
rage, judging by the number of suits for
divorce that have been filed of late. Prom
1 p. m. yesterday until 5 there was hardly
a complaint filed in the office of the Coun
ty Clerk that was not a relation of the
domestic troubles of ' an unhappy pair.
When the office closed eight new suits
for divorce had been' filed. "
•• - - , ~ • ¦ • ¦
Prcceedings Take Only a Few
Minutes Bef ore^ Judge
Oabaniss. i
Court HoldsrThat Killing
¦ of Normile Was
Justifiable.
Quaer .Gomplaints Filed
by Unhappy MarriedL
Folk.
EIGHT COUPLES
SEEK DIVORCE
ALLSTED GAINS
HIS FREEDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1902.
23
I I MONEY BACK I
? 'feSS Barleys Odorless ?
I t~r OIL HEATERS |
4" f*rel£$! Are not found PERFECTLY satisfactory. .*£
T ' «' %M GUARANTEED NOT TO S*tOKE OR SMELL. X
X j&tS&S&hm. / 4-
? H?S^^§5> MACE I\ Mr<E ! lZE^, FROM 63.75 UP.
V ¦^¦'¦ji ¦*!,' There are over 14,000 Barler Oil Heaters in use in San T
T i^^T&fti Francisco. More than all other oil stoves combined. There f,
T /fcil&*SfW<. m "st be a reason for It. Think It over. . JL
jS^c^-^J^^t^ Call and see them in operation, or send for descriptive J.
3* w 1/ y booklet. t . ;. J.
± Chas, Brown & Son, ?
T From $375 U P* 807 Market Street, Flood Building, Near Fourth, 'j.'
« 4-H-l-M 11 111 111 M"I"1"1"1"H"H-I"1 ; I-H"I"I"1M 1 'M-I-1--1-1 ¦Ivl-I-I-I-Hvl-I- •
. AI>yEBTISEMENT3. •
¦9 Q _ . . -^ |
I A Thousand Odd
1 tvl^ 111 11 dll L^»
P Think of picking a dress from, a thousand remnants;
jl think of saving from a third to a half because they are rem- |
i nants; think of making a choice. from among the most fash-
g iohable line of seasonable, dress fabrics in the city. These
H remnants have never been before on our tables— on sale be-
H Remnants o? English Flannelette — ; |
g For nightgowns, skirts and children's wear— all short ends— in neat
j| \checks, stripes and plaid — light and -medium-^colors — our great 8 1-3C h
grade— a wonderful bargain, beginning to-morrow ......5c Yard K
1 Remnants of Zibeline Cheviot—
H These remnants are from 2*4 to 8 yards long— every thread wool — full
H 52 inches wide-^very heavy weight and fully guaranteed — this is Rip-
I ley's famous fast black dye and one of the greatest 85c cheviots in the
fr world; any remnant in the lot 50c Yard
I Remnants of Illuminated Armupcs —
I An extremely, fashionable novelty suiting — for house gowns, shopping*
I suits) children's, school dresses, etc.,— in solid or shaded effects, such as
I reseda, 'gojf red, old rose, garnet, violet and black, and in mixtures of
|| myrtle and brown, red and black, etc., from 36 to 39 inches wide — al-
g ways sells at 50c— remnants. from 2 to 10 yards long. ........19c Yard |i
H Remnants of Black Sicilian Alpaca— 2
1 The genuine English make, guaranteed by the Arthur Walker Co. to
I be a fast;' reliable black and not to turn gray or. rusty — a brilliant silk
I 'finish, a fine dust" shaker— for petticoats, separate skirts, ruffles, etc. — a |«
I grand, heavy, quality — full 52 inches wide- — always sold off the reel at j*s
j 1 $r.oo — remnants from 1 J4 to 9 yards long — ready to-morrow at
I .....;................... .50c Yard
I Remnants of Amazon Broadcloth —
I An unusually heavy quality — for children's coats, capes, radians — also &
I nice for tailor suits and shirtwaists — in shades of red, tan, new blue, |
jjj castor, golden brown, turquoise; also in Oxford gray and pastel mix- j£
1 ttires— every, thread wool— from 50 to' 54 inches wide — always sold at
I S5C and $1.00 a yard — beginning to-morrow, any remnant in the lot
H 50c Yard
8& Remnants of Pillow Cases— " £
H Not many, but of an excellent grade — 45 by 36 inches, and made of mus-
H lin that cost wholesale 12c a yard — these are slightly soiled — while
H they last Oc Each
if Rsmnants of Huck Towels—
g A few odds' and ends of the I2^c quality still remain— these are gen-
ii uine Irish Linens, soft, undressed and well made — with red borders — a
fa firm, serviceable, well-made towel — on the tables to-morrow Oc Each
I™ All of the above items are for sale at Market-street Store
ONLY. ';
~s~^^_l_ MISCELLANEOUS.
Country trade solicited— Mail orders rsciivs prompt attention— Catao^uss of^Furnitupe, sam-
ples of Carpets, Linoleum and Curtain materials will bs sent on application.
Furniture, Rugs, Draperies, Curtains.
Corner 16th and Mission Streets. '
A manufacturer's surplus stock of Parlor Tables and surplus stock of Book Cases.
A manufacturer's "Grand Eapids Exhibit" of Parlor Chairs and Rockers.
A manufacturer's "Grand Rapids Exhibit" of Dressers, Chiffoniers and Chamber Sets.
A manufacturer's surplus stock of Combination Desks and Book Cases. .
All the above purchases by us at from 60 to 75 cents on the dollar. In addition to the above we shall
place on special sale Parlor Chairs and Rockers, Odd Dressers, Parlor Suits Morris Chairs, Divans, Chif-
foniers and Dining-Eoom Furniture.
ALL ARTICLES MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES.
This handsome 5 Piece Parlor Suit, consisting of Divan, Easy Chair, Rocker and 2 Reception Chairs, is
of exceptional value. "We purchased a quantity of these frames especially for our great Fall Season. The suit i*
in mahogany finish, highly polished by hand. The frames are neatly upholstered in fine silk damask, spring
seat, and it is one of the many bargains that can be secured at Pattosien's, corner Sixteenth and Mission.
See the immense display of Parlor Eockers and Parlor Furniture on the Great Second Floor.
More Parlor Furniture Bargains:
$15.09 Morris Chair— g%Q —V Our entire Second Floor devoted to ' '¦'
•i R ooo e iiS-nA;;i.-i : W*'? this sale. A visit to this great and /jSB^BSSBl^^Si
,>1-.OO Box Couch, lar« receptacle popular store will convince you that (®»Wl^^W»^J
":° r . . : ™ S ~. . C * tO ' $8 50 tMs is *** Place to bfcy Parlor Furni- -3"/
Parlor Chairs, uphoistered scats ture * .
and backs resmlar English <ji r* t\ iw> faxcy parlor chairs, many of them DfiY \*mmW e8
..„„ d^w-J \tr. 9)3.50 nicely Inlaid, upholstered Beats, hand carved DUA ' ImVfl -I
Copy— Keduced tO v^^.^V and hand oolished; regular C7 K.f\ «^.- JM&wi I
. Price. $10.50-Reduced price... tj) t •OU 5£j\J ' >fflPB\ "• f|
CA^^PFT^ ?3O.OO PARLOR SUIT, piano polish, ellk nitlll>n • l\ \W0MBI '
£ * > % * *— ' * damatk upholstering— Reduced lOTT^ I] N Nfi ) \hS1/ .5
OAlXVjAllNS. ?30.00 PARLOR SUIT, fancy decorated CHAIR i WsM \l
backs, hand polished, upholstered spring \5 Hps I ¦ ¦
Smith's Axminster Carpets, new uc T^ nt ot cof ? rs - 22.50 Si 7P llffifl I
spring patterns, per yard.. Af) *iso.oo parwr ' smT.' 'laVre tufted, full! I f H \lSf 1. :
n"«vw curve! back, very comfortable shape, and E I 1 V ! 1'iW'Pffl J*B
Sanford and Smith's Velvet Caroet«; a _. STC&t bargain — Reduced lie nn : I iffifl '8
new designs, per yard <M Ac «-U <w/™Y-,ix- ~.i^ Worth liiPl 1
.Sill^S ?33.00 DIVAN, solid mahOEany, very neat, __ Jr . U9 *|
_•:••*_: : *4Je«VTw» and the latest design— Reduced OQ Cif\ $3 09 JsJL I
Body Brussels Carpets, to £• • j- P rice • Pfr-^nri^^^^^— im
close, per yard vjjl.13 S4O.OO da\-en'port. »olld mahosany, full
¦Rpct Tauestrv Brucwk «_ . six feet lone - hi S h arms and back, must be
J-apestry Brussels yjr • seen to be appreciated— Re- qt- nf» i;;!. : !;» : "^:^^SSI'
manufactured, per yard... / OC duced price. .;... Zj i •Ut*^ag^^^Sj^^:'J;?v^<|tyt t ititi;jL? i J|yx.^MMBH
Extra heavy Ingrains', per 3tr~ 5150.00 davenport, rich quarter-sawed^SSE^Ksss^ailBiBaK^^^^J
varH 33C ¦ oak » witb substantial frame, upholstered in nt^^^mSmBSHsSfigKSVMH
New importation Linoleum, — j» product of our own factory cJO»l/U SJf 88 *** 1551^^^^^^^^?!^ Ill
per square yard '.. 3OC $7J5O parlor chairs, hand poiishe-i Kffl fat tot- til
¦ • frames, upholstered seats, with or without Mt 3 pSf • l&l
R0Y4L WILTON RUGS. .?::::::::::::: 5.00,||
Beautiful Oriental Designs. $18.00 DIVAN, curved back, hand polished, fcl^^^^""'^^^MTaarSTgrfy \fff Kg
c; 7 . n ft hv * t. «*>n An upholstered spring: seat— Re- to wr WW^ P* wW Kl
JS.ze Q it. D\ 0 It !?-U.OU duced price 10*10 eSa Kl SSl Rfi
Size IO.6 ft. by 8.3 ft S?2S.OO 9125.OO PARLOR SUIT, solid mahogany H| M K5l El
Size 12 ft. by 9 ft S35.OO \e£* c ™ r &}* :^«* ™^ 95.00 II U I I
BROMLEY'S REVERSIBLE $33.0© reclining chairs, have tun UP - b| m • w
' ,. " U *" U holstered backs, can be adjusted to four If Box seat Dininsr if
RUGS angles of recline, have foot rest QO tZ.(\ EM uox seat IJimnR K|
auujt attached— Reduced to X4«uU MI -Chair, made of Bl
Size 9 ft, by 6 ft $10.00 ?so.oo davenport sofa bed. uphoi- £/ quarter sawed Wt
Size 12 ft by Q ft $10.00 stered in best French tapestry; has draw- HI, oak. hiffhly ool- BA
Size 10.6 ft. by 76 ft .916.50 35.OO ished and finish- §B
IT A /^ P^ £* I TT^T^ A IA T & bargains on sale this week at ci c
LACb CUkTAiN5^ PATT0S1EN '- s $1 - 7 i
SPECIAL-ODD LOTS-GREAT BARGAINS.
AH I, 2, 3, A and 5 Pairs of a Pattern.
THIS WEEK we offeP the reat ?st bargains in Lace Curtains that have
* " x ever been offered. Every one a genuine bargain. It will be
your opportunity to avail yourself and which will prove to you these most
remarkable values*
Come early — the best values will go quick.
BRUSSELS, IRISH POINTS, DUCHESSE,
RENAISSANCE, ARABIANS, NOVELTIES.
The Prices and Values:
YOUR CHOICE, values up to $3.T5 <£| YOUR CHOICE, values up to frA
a pair, at M>l $10l00 a pair, at. ........ 3Vt
'YOUR CHOICE, values up to $5.00 d>^ YOUR CHOICE, values up to
a pair, at. M^^ $12.50 a pair, at. ............. vJKJ
vmmrHnirn i e^ ca YOUR CHOICE, values up to $50.O0,
YOUR CHOICE, values up to 8T.50 d>3 will be sold at the same ratio as
apair,at i sp<J already mentioned.
I^" For the information of strangers who have never been out to the Mission we give a description of the different
routes: (Cut tMs out).
Take Mission-street car direct. Take yellow Kearny-street car direct. Take Fillmore-street car direct. Take Va-
lencia-street car (blue Market-street car) direct to Sixteenth street and walk down one block. Take Howard-street
car direct to Sixteenth street and walk up one block.
Be careful not to take any Market-street car but the '.'blue" Valencia-street car. . ,„
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh of
the Jtpach
A Pleasant, Simpl?, but Safe and
Effectual Cure for It
. Catarrh of the stomach has long been con-
sidered the next thtns to incurable. The usual
symptoms are a full or bloating sensation after
eating, accompanied sometimes . with sour or
watery rising, a. formation of gases, causing
pressure on the heart and lungs and difficult
breathing, headaches,, fickle appetite, nervous-
ness and a general 'played-out, languid feeling.
There la often a foul taste In the mouth,
coated tongue and If the interior of the stom-
ach could be seen it would show a slimy, in-
flamed condition. . v
. The cure . for this common and obstinate
trouble is found in a treatment which : causes
the food to . be readily, . thoroughly digested be-
fore it has time to ferment 'and 'Irritate the
delicate mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
secure a prompt' and 'healthy, digestion is the
one ' necessary j thing to do and when j normal
digestion is securefl the catarrhal condition
will have disappeared, g " , ¦ _ •
According to Dr. Harlanson, -the safest and
best treatment I Is to use after each meal' a
tablet, composed of Diastase, Aseptic Pepsin,
a little Nux, Golden Seal and fruit acids.
These : tablets can now be found at all' dru«
stores under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, and.';" not being a patent medicine/can
be used with perfect safety and ' assurance that
healthy appetite: and thorough digestion will
follow their. regular use after meals.
; Mr. 1 ; N.: J. IBooner, ' Chicago, 111.,' . writes:
"Catarrh is a local condition resulting from, a
1 neglected cold In' the head, whereby tn« llniac
membrane ;of the_ nose becomes Inflamed and
the poisonous :^discharge -therefrom .pissing
backward into the throat reaches the stomach
thus producing catarrh of the stomach Medll
cal authorities prescribed for me . for three
years' for catarrh - of ¦ stomach without cure
but to-day I am the happiest' of men after
using only ono box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. I.' cannot find appropriate words to ex-
press my good , feeling. •.. 1 have found flesh
appetite and sound rest from their use " •
Stuart's j Dyspepsia ;TableU, is the wtfast
preparaUon as • well as the simplest and moit
convenient remedy for any form of Indigestion,
catarrh of stomach biliousness, sour stomach
heartburn and bloating utter mealtw ¦ ' ":
Stocktaking Sale
Clo&l^ *S*x£t*& 2LTTCL FkjLT*^. . x A
To quickly clear out our sur- v^^S&Pl^iS
plus stock of Cloaks, Dresses.-
s Furs and Skirts we oflfer these f f wJlS^SL
big bargains after stock-taking: S^S
$6.00 Rainy Day Skirts, all wool. /f^ ffcT^ j\
now -83.75 if W • /A \
$7.00 Dress Skirts, lined and trim- if . Ul if \ \
med, -now S3.5O "'If BP 0 /1 I
$14.00 Fur Capes, lined, now.87.50 ' II ' US fl J /
?8.00 Fur Collarettes, lined, now.... VL M O V / ?
v JJ3.50 Three-quarter" Kersey CoaU. H iSa \
I satin lined, now SS.OO ' ' ¦¦ fl ft gS~f J
$20.00 Three-quarter Kersey Coats, If V\ N
$35.00 Three-quarter' Kersey Coats. |i \\\\ <
elegant, now S17.5O 'A\ m lit 1
$18.00 Oxford Cloth Raglans, now." 1 1 /fl \\\ \
- $17.50 Tailor Dressesi 'jackets, 'silk // • |fl 11 1 \
lined, now ......".. :,S«) 5(> S\. UL vJ&f
$25.00 Trimmed Tailor .Dresses, now *"W T^^ffiW^
- :$ 4 0:00EfegaMcfoihDresy|^||
Big Bargains Vn'WooY'waTs'ts. \
$1.50 All-wool Waists, lined, now ' ~ Km
$2.25 Wool Waists, all colors, now ..".'.'.;'.;"'."" v ""* v "V'V*R*"£.7»£-
SILK 4A/AISTS.
~ I Heavy. Taffeta Silk," new styles; worih $6.00; to close ..-. 54 v
I S^EJXV^IvIE-BES
I cilbeJc e^.Tid.\Sciit If orx.seThe local groves of the United Ancient
Order of Druids', the local circles of the
Druidcsses, the -Past Arch Association and
Hartnagle Chapter have decided to hold a
joint memorial service out of respect to
those members of the order who passed
away during the twelve months preceding
the 1st inst. The service will be in Golden
Gate Hall on the afternoon of Sunday, the
23d inst.. under the direction of a commit
tee of one from ' each subordinate, of
which J. Hagan is the chairman. There
will be instrumental music, an address by
Noble Grand Arch Godeau, vocal selec
tions by soloists . af ¦ the Knickerbocker
Quartet and by the quartet, also by Mrs.
Nellie Augusta Darling, recitation of an
appropriate poem, by Miss Tryphlna
Pritchard, oration by R. P. Troy, the
reading of the roll of the departed by
Grand Secretary J. F. Martinonl, eulogy
by. William Antonovich, benediction by
John Hulton and the singing of "Amer
ica" by the audience. : ,;.-•
in February at Golden
Gate Hall.
Order of Exercises for X«ast Sunday
MEMOBIAL SERVICES
BY ORDER OF DRUIDS
Colonel PIcquart predicts that the
French feeling against Great Britain on
account of the Fashoda Incident and the
South African war will die out, and, re
ferring to the criticisms of the value of
the British army, he says that when tha
South African "war is concluded Great
Britain will have at her disposal a great
mimber of seasoned troops with which to
reconstitute the British military forces.
. A French alliance with Great Britain
and Italy, however, would, he claims,
procure military advantage of the first
order, because it would give France com
plete naval freedom in a war with Ger
many, while if the alliance provided tor
the active co-operation of Great Britain
the advantages would be incalculable.
The allied fleets would command the sea,
Germany's supplies would be cut and
Germany could not sustain a prolonged
struggle.
Then, discussing the question of
France's alliances, the colonel replies to
articles in the National Review. He de
clares himself in favor of an alliance with
Great Britain and says France will never
consent to an alliance with Germany,
which would imply a definite renuncia
tion or Alsace-Lorraine.
PARIS, Feb. 1— Colonel PIcquart, who
was prominent in the defense of Captain
Dreyfus, is publishing in the Grand Re
vue a series of articles on the military
position of France. He says Franca has
come to the end of her military re
sources, whereas Germany has ample re
sources with which to increase her
strength. France, therefore, must mod
ify her system, and he suggests various
reforms.
French Colonel Declares
Military Reforms
Are Needed.
ARMY DECLINES,
SAYS PICQUART
Porter Is Returning to Paris.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. L— General
Horace Porter, the United States Embas-
' A woman's strongest weapon; of defense
is the innocence which' she possesses, and
her keenest weapon • of attack the . Inno
cence which she pretends to possess.
CAPE HENRY. Va., Feb. 1.— The .-Nor
wegian steamship Dag^ry, loaded with
dynamite and railroad Iron, before report
ed ashore near Gull Shoal life-saving sta
tion, N. C, was pulled off .by -the .tugs
last night and is now on her way to Nor
folk. J * ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ¦¦¦..'¦
Grounded Ship Is Rescued.
And all the clothing of the A. Brick bank
rupt stock : will < be gone. , The room i is
wanted for a brand new stock; that is
now on' the way to this city from New,
York. Mention of this will. be made later.
In the meantime do not: go without
clothes, but pick your " all-wool men's
suits, in neat, natty styles-^-fancy chev
iots, Thibet cassimeres or oxford grays,
single and double breasted, worth $18, for
Just $4.65. All will go. ' Even men's over
coats In blue and black Kersey, extra
well tailored, for $4.65 -at the bankrupt
clothing sale of .the Boston,. 773 Market
st., near Fourth. P. d Kelly,' Assignee. *
Only One Week More
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The monthly
statement of the director of the Mint
shows total coinage executed at the
Mints of the United States during .the
month , of January, 1902, to have been
$10,758,547, as follows: Gold, $7,660,000; sil
ver, $2,908,637; minor coins, $189,910.
Coinage During January.
The Hellenes were not daunted by the
rain last night, *but turned out in large
numbers to attend the . twelfth anniver
sary ball given by the Hellenic Mutual
Benevolent Society at Union Square Hall
on Post street. The following committees
officiated: Floor committee— M. D. Van
vales. A. Verra, C. Demetrak, P. Vare
las,. G. Tsikoores, D. Prowzos; reception
committee— A. Kosta, N. rWalianos, C.
Saphos, E. Antoniades and G. Tundas. '"
Hellenes Give Ball.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— Colonel Addison
A: Hosmer of Washington, D.. C, died
suddenly to-day of apoplexy at the home
of his spn, Edward S. Hosmer of this city.
Addison A. Hosmer.
"Please express to the President and
members of the congress, and to the Mex
ican Government the congratulations of
the United States that the conference uas
manifested such a marked spirit of friend
ly co-operation for the well-being of the
American republics, and offer congratula
tions upon the successful results of its
conference. , JOHN HAY."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— Secretary Hay
has received formal notice from. Mr.
Buchanan of* the final adjournment of the
International Congress in the City of Mex
ico yesterday. In response U.e Secretary
sent the following telegram to the head
of the American delegation:
Hay Congratulates Delegates.
. PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 1.-L. E. Hoff
man, editor of the Native American, the
Phoenix Indian School paper, died to-night
of consumption. He was formerly con
nected with the Kansas City Press and
later was the Phoenix correspondent for
The Call. -
L. E. Hoffman.
STOCKTON, Feb. 1.— E. E. Hood, one
of the best known court reporters in the
West and eminent commander of the local
commandery of Knights Templar, died
i^is evening in Lane's Hospital in San
Francisco from the effects of an opera
tion which he underwent on. Friday.
E. E. Hood.
Transfer Is Postponed.
HONGKONG, Feb. L— Advices from
Canton say -Hop Po, the head of the na
tive customs, has arranged for an indefi
nite postponement . of the transfer of the
customs to the Imperial Maritime Depart
ment, which was to have taken place
about February 20.
Warship. Wisconsin Coming Here.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Feb. L-The U.
S. S. Wisconsin will leave here Wednes
day night for Calls o and San Francisco,
coaling at Acapulco.
TOPEKA, Kan., Feb. 1.— J. W. Rush,
who was one of the most prominent finan
ciers in Kansas a few years ago, died
this morning in La-foton, Oklahoma, where
he had gone on some business. Rush a
few years ago was immensely wealthy,
but became involved in some unfortunate
litigation in his home town, Lamed, Kan.,
which left him comparatively poor, j He
was a Sate Senator for. eight years and
was three times prominently mentioned
as a candidate for Governor.
J. W. Bush.
In a box on a dresser were" found several
letters. One of them said that Harry
Macomber was a steady young man. it
had been written from Davenport, Mass.
The janitor of the house said that when
the woman first came here she was ac
companied by a man. She wrote their
names on a Blip of paper as' "Macomber
and wife." Dwellers in the house say
they did not know that any death . had
occurred in it. The police say that last
July the body of a murdered man was
found there after it had lain four days,
and that Several other murders had been
committed there in past years.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— Two city detec
tives who to-night entered a house wholly
occupied by women on Crystie street while
looking for suspected smallpox cases ac
cidentally discovered what they believe to
have been a brutal murder. On a bed. in
a poorly furnished room lay the body of
a once handsome woman, on whose face
were the marks of dissipation. Her throat
had been cut and in her hands was a
knife. Despite this latter fact, the detec
tives assert that the nature of the wounds
were such that it would- have been almost
impossible for the woman to have inflict
ed them herself. The disorder in the
room, they say, may have resulted from
a struggle.
Discover Evidence 6f What Was
Probably a Murder.
New York Detectives Accidentally
WOMAN'S DEAD BODY
FOUND BY ¦ OFFICERS
SONORA, Feb. 1.— John Mundorf, presi
dent of the Board of City Trustees and
one of Tuolumne's most prosperous mer
chants, died here this morning after an
illness of one month. He came to Tuol
umn,e County in the early fifties, first en
gaging'in mining and afterward in mer
cantile business in Sonora, He is sur
vived by a wife, one .son and six daugh
ters. Mundorf was a Mason and will bo
buried to-morrow under the auspices of
Tuolumne Lodge No. 8, with a Knights
Templar escort. • ¦
Nevada County; Hopeful. .
Twenty more stamps will be dropDinx
¦,' . For this reason ' every »' care is '. taken that
such matters will be kept entirely secret It
is necessary, however, to : obtain separate ,! in
dividual returns In order .' to.* make > up . .tha
totals. For this reason every one receiving
one of the blanks of Inquiry Is earnestly urged
to fill It out ; and • return < It at- once . to this
bureau,-, giving amount and valuo of product
for ¦ the. year. . '¦._ ' . ,/ . ¦ ; . : , • . ;. ;
. ,The Redding Searchlight says that a re
cent strike at the Bully . HilL mine has
proven the 1 ground for an additional 100
feet.' . ¦ ¦" '- : , ¦¦• ¦ • ¦ : V., -„¦¦¦•¦ - .;.¦•"•. : ¦ "
- The ;Placerville , Nugget : says that work
has ', been temporarily suspended at the
Noonday , copper mine, 'that pumping and
hoisting machinery may be installed.
The law makes it a part of the duty of
the State Mineralogist to ascertain annually
the amount and value of each and all ot the
mineral productions of. California, and ln order
to' do this It Is necessary to have a complete
and correct list . of all persons and companies
owning or operating mines,' quarries," oil wells,
etc. The sole object of this ,• Is to I send out
Inquiries ln order to ascertain from the replies
the amount | and ; value of j the - product of the
respective | prooertles each year.* | '
These replies are never published, exhibited
to any one, «r. made public. In -any way.- The
figures submitted are used only ln making up
totals of the different substances ln the various
counties of , the State. ' ; The \ bureau realizes
perfectly that owners of properties do not "care
to have any one ln their line of business or
any other ¦ know ¦ exactly what . their, output or
Its value i may' be. ;> ¦-,.*. ,.v :'¦ . •¦•-.¦ -.' -
Some criticism has been offered by the
American Mining News and other publi
cations concerning the returns made offi
cially upon the mineral output of Cali
fornia. The Director of the Mint is sharp
ly criticized for official guesses that depre
ciates the output of this State. Undoubt
edly much of the criticism is just. The
effect of belittling the mineral output of
California is misleading to Investors and
is detrimental to the mineral industries of
this State. But the Mint Director cannot
reach all the facts, nor can any one else
under existing conditions. Where mine
owners refuse to admit a representative
of the State Mineralogist to their, works
for purely legitimate purposes, as was re
cently done by the -manager of a great
copper property in Shasta County, the in
dication is that that that concern at least
desires not to have anything known about
its business that can be concealed. The
State Mineralogist may seek to have a
law passed that shall give the State the
right to. inquire for the purpose of making
up official i statements of . the • I mineral
wealth of California. In a circular that
has been recently issued by the State Min
eralogist of California, the following re
lates to the point in question: -¦
Facts Are Sought.
The Government has performed a ser
vice for the mining industry of the United
States by issuing a bulletin of the Census
Bureau which, for the first time, segre
gates the facts concerning smelters in
operation in this country. Heretofore
smelting has been reported by the Census
Bureau under the general head of manu
facturing, or as an adjunct. to the mining
industry.
There were, according to the bulletin
that has been issued, 117 plants in the
United States in the year 1899 that were
grouped under the head of lead, copper
and zinc smelters and refineries. The cap
ital i invested in such plants amounted to
$139,254, 138. The value of the product is
returned at as being $358,78(5,472. The
workings of the plants involved the out
lay of $2,150,018 tor salaries of officials,
clerks, etc.; $15,973,626 for wages paid; *3,
088,007 for miscellaneous expenses, includ
ing rent, taxes, .etc., and $279,655,350 for
materials used, mill supplies, freight and
fuel. 1'hese large figures are sufficient, to
arrest the attention of the most casual
observer of the development of the min
eral industries of this country.
In the Clyde upward of forty vessels are
fogbound between Greenock and Glasgow.
The mail steamer which left Dover for
Ostend yesterday afternoon was sighted
ln distress in the channel this morning.
Tugs assisted her into port. Her passen
gers had terrible experiences. The steam
er was swept by the seas for over twenty
hours. Tales of personal heroism and life
saving come from almost every English
port.
The British armored cruiser Immortal
ite encountered terrific weather. The seas
washed clean over her 9.2-inch turret for
ward guns. Many fishermen are reported
to have been drowned.
LONDON. Feb. 1.— The storm in the
English and Irish channels is unabated.
Numerous minor wrecks have occurred,
frequent reports have been received of
men washed overboard and the crews of
the lifeboats and rocket apparatus have
been kept busy.
Census Bulletin Reveals
Vast Extent of
Operations.
Storm in the English
and Irish Channels
Continues.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 1.— Three more
highwaymen are at work in Los Angeles.
To-night they held up and robbed J. A.
Johnson, a mechanic, taking $3S in cash,
but ignoring his watch and other jewelry.
They informed Johnson they, did not care
for anything but cash. Tlve hold-up oc
curred near the Arcade depot.
Three Highwaymen at Work.
MANY MILLIONS
FOR SMELTERS
There will be . a meeting of the execu
tive committee on Thursday evening at S
o'clock at room 1209 Claus Spreckels build
ing.
George Stone, chairman of the Califor
nia Branch of the McKinley National
Memorial Association, sent the first re
mittance, amounting to $1000, to the East
ern branch of the national fund yester
day. The State executive committee has
been named and is composed of the fol
lowing: A. A. Watkins, I. W.'.Hellman
Jr.. F. J. Syrames, M. R. Higglns,- Guy
Lathrop, Rudolph Herold. J. S. Spear Jr.,
W. H. Jordan. J. C. Sims and George
Stone. The secretary is J. Steppacher.
and P. N. Lllienthal is treasurer.
Dollars to Eastern Branch and
Names Executive Committee.
California Branch Sends Thousand
WRECKS STREW
BRITISH SHORES
FIBST REMITTANCE GOES
TO McKINIiEY MEMOBIAL
sador to France, and R. S. Reynolds
Hitt, third secretary of the United States
Embassy at- Paris, left to-day tor
the .French' capital. ' .. . • . .' •
The Oregon Mining Journal reports that
the Grants Pass custom quartz mill and
buildings have been removed to the works
of the Gopher Gold Mining Company from
the old -location. The plant was sold by
Wright;& Pike.<- . ;
The Searchlight mining camp ln ; Nevada
has now a population of 500. Fifty Indi
vidual claims have been opened up. The
greatest ¦ expenditure • of money :.ln the
camp has been made by the Quartette
Company, which Is building a | railroad
from Searchlight to Ibex. to connect with
the Santa Fe. The company has also es
tablished: a large miiling plant on the
Colorado River. . . ¦ .' . . ., : •¦¦„..¦¦¦
The -Yreka Journal says that several
good prospects have recently been located
on the Klamath. River, near the Junction
of the Little Humbug road with the river.
The: Mother Lode claim on Apple Sauce
Gulch is reported to have run into a good
body of ore. - - .
The Mother Lode Banner; says that de
fective , machinery has caused the Gray
Eagle "mine, above Columbia, . to shut
down. -The Norwegian mine is being
pumped out and will be operated again.
All the men, who were working at the
old shaft of the- Mack mine have been
laid off "pending connection with the new
shaft. A. bond on the Hull mine- has
been taken by C. Y.'.de -Lay.'- L. B. Doe
has retired, from the management of the
Jubilee Mining Company's properties and
has been succeeded Dy C. H. Colpe.' The
Hope -mine ¦¦ •¦ is ready to resume. San
Francisco and Michigan . parties e have
taken the quartz claim, on Turnback
Creek of John Ferguson. The contract
calls for the erection of a twenty-stamp
mill in six months. . .
The Angels Record says that the work
at the -Melones mine is rapidly nearingr
completion and sixty stamps will be
dropping before "many" weeks, j. The, flume
and tunnel have been completed. A shaft
has been sunk 50 feet to furnish" power
with which to run the mill. .'A tunnel 800
feet/long 'will soon be ready for water.
There is aboslutely no truth in the state
ment that .mining operations throughout the
county will have to cease with the close of
this menth if heavy storms do not prevail ln
the meantime. "Without a drop of rain, the
mines can be operated two months longer, the
supply of water being atnple for that length of
time. Before that period will have passed it
is very likely that heavy rain and snow storms
will have occurred and water will be plentiful
during, the summer . months.
The Sonora Union-Democrat .reports
that the second run of the Mohican mine
resulted in a gold bar worth $6000. Tim
bers are being shaped for a 100-stamp mill
for the Eagle-Shawmut mine. The Star
mine has started up. Concerning the
water supply in Tuolumne County ¦ the
¦Union-Democrat says:
The Amador Ledger, says that the com
pany owning the Peerless mine has em
ployed an expert to. thoroughly prospect
the surface of the claim to locate any
quartz ledge that may exist within its
limits. The Central Eureka mine is add
ing ten stamps,- which 'will give a. total
outfit of twenty stamps. Work has been
discontinued on the Klrkwood property
because there . was a lack of funds with
which to continue. A large body of quartz
was cut, but it proved to be barren, or
nearly so: ¦•• ¦' • •
Hartwig A. Cohen, manager for Cap
tain de Ja Mar, tells the Redding Search
light that the depression in the price of
copper, while it may reduce the' proflt3,
will not interfere with the operation of
the Bully Hiir properties.;— _ v .
The dropping of twenty more stamps at the
Empire ' means . far more than - its capacity to
crush the Increased amount of ore. The mine's
fixed operating expenses will not be percep
tibly Increased. It being necessary to take into
account practically only the actual expense of
extracting and milling the ore. . Such being
the case the cost per ton will be measurably
decreased and it Is estimated that It will be
profitable to mill ore of no greater value than
?3 or $1 per ton. •
The ore from the Empire It is well known
Is high grade, and the demonstration of such
possibilities will be an Immense factor ln In
ducing capital to Invest in Grass Valley dis
trict. There will be fewer "ups and downs"
In the life of the city, too, for the mines
will be able to carry on more exploratory
work, employing the usual force of men, even
though the company profits be less.' * ¦-'
¦ Grass ' Valley district will certainly profit to
a very great extent If General Manager Starr's
expectations come true that it will be profitable
to mine ore worth $3 or $4 a ton. . •¦
in Grass Valley within' .the next -few
months,' so says the Grass Valley Union
and Herald,, the Increase being at the.
Empire mine, where . forty stamps are
now found to be inadequate. The milling
of ore worth from $3 .to 54 per ton can be
profitably carried on, so it is locally sup
posed, after the facilities have been In
treased. The Union and Herald is enthu
siastic concerning the .outlook for Grass
"Valley, and says:
THE SAN FRANCIS CO CALI^ SIJN D A Y, FEBRUARY 2; 1 902.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
Take things as they come — then call In
physician for further information.
The stormy weather did not dampen the
spirits of the electrical trimmers last
night. " Odd . Fellows' Hall was crowded
to the doors, the event being a Valentine
ball. The decorations of the hall were
unique. During the grand march all were
presented with valentines as souvenirs of
the occasion. ' The following were In
charge: Committee on arrangements— R.
D.- Bennett, E. J. McSheehy, H. W. Pow
ell, "W. Shanbrook, A; H. Bahr; reception
committee— H. "W. Powell (chairman), D.
Maher; W. Pollak, B. Berliner, J. Craw
ford, J. Helan, T. Eiben, E. Richards;
'floor committee— A. H. • Bahr, "W. Shan
brook, T. Gotje, H. Horn, A. Ughlow, M.
Landers, D. Haddler and H. Levy.. ..
Electrical Trimmers' Ball.
The number of invitations has been lim
ited to thirty- five hundred. At a meeting
last night committees were named to
carry out the plans adopted
24
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FHtt TTfflSr
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Hail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years agrainst the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
tiny form of sexual weakness resulting
trom youthful folly, premature loss of
etrength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems, to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
Jt cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has. been an absolute .success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 828 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed- The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed ln
a plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to writs
without delay.
Barbers Everywhere Indorse
The Only Dandruff Germ Destroyer.
of the
bays:
the Proprietor
Barber SHop
Read What
P21 \a cp rn ot^T
1 dlCtCw -J. IXJXXfl.
After a thorough. trial of "PIERPICIDE" I can t conscientiously state that it has given
my customers more satisfactici: than any other preparation ' for. dandruff that I have ever used
in my business. I am confident that "HERPICIDE'S" merits' must secure it a permanent
place in all of.:the best tonsorial parlors. • B. BERNHARD,
10 New Montgomery st., San Francisco. Palace Hotel Barber Shop.
TKey Are Loud in Their Praise of Newbro's Herpicide.
WHAT A FEW OTHER BARBERS SAY.
DANDRUFF IS A GERM DISEASE
> "Destroy the Cause, You Removs the Effect".
USE INEWBRO'S HERPICIDE.
The only preparation that actually does destroy the dandruff germ. Without dandruff
hair will grow luxuriantly and be naturally glossy. You will have dandruff all your life unless you
kill the dandruff germ; and you can't kill the germ unless you;
Don't Let
Any One
Rob You.
Allays Itching Instantly,
MjKcs Hair Soil as Silk,
Causes Hair to Grow Abundantly,
Stops Falling Hair Promptly,
Kills the Dandruff Gsrm.
HERPICIDE
My customers who have used Her- We have given your Herpicide a fair I have been using. your preparation,
picide much prefer it to any other hair trial and it will do all and more than Herpidde, in my. barber-shoo for the
„„„,.•„ Tt u a . p'ntirpW rnrpd • you say. I find that it will cure sore past three months, and can say that it
preparation It has entirely^cured j^^hbut fail. 1 have tried var- does all that you claim for it. It cures
several customers .¦of , dandruff- and Jous hair preparations until Herpicide dandruff, stops the falling out of the
falling hair. MAA A. rtlt-Kb. came out, but use none other now. I hair, and relieves itching of the scalp
(Largest Barber Shop), cannot recommend Herpicide too instantly.- - , .
Salt Lake. V highly. J. E. NOLAN, My customers who have used it pre-
' Care Nolan's Union Barber Shop, fer it to any other preparation for the
Denver, Colo. hair and scalp.
I 'have given Herpicide a good trial • . GRANT W. WILLIAMS.
in my barber shop, and now I would We have used Newbro's Herpicide Barber Shop,
not be without it.T It is called for by in our' shop for over six months. The 1604 Farnam st., Omaha. Neb.
every customer oft whom I have once scalps of some of our customers were T . ' . 'Ciu*-L *~ • •
used it. It is so far ahead of 's sadly afflicted with dandruff. They J w .°^ d °? t^155* x^:5£ c I n -
that I would not have the latter in my have given Herpicide a thorough * he . >V V wl 1,2 Si \f
shop. JAMES H. RHONE. , trial and are benefited. They also con- it is the best I have ever had. My
Grandon Hotel*Barber" Shop. , - s ider it a most delightful hair dressing. ™*°™ c ™ want nothin * cIse used on
Helena, Mont, i & GALLOP. the^HN J. JOHNSON. Barber.
: • Boi5e Clty ' Idaho - P. O. Box 672, 4 th St.. Moorhead.
¦ .Herpicide is used continually in .my I use Herpicide continually in my " I _ >.V. .-
shop with efficiency as a dandruff cure work. It does my customers more If used as directed Herpicide will
and as a preventive of falling hair, good than any dandruff cure I have keep dandruff out of the hair. I use
Mv customers call for Herpicide. ever used. It stops falling hair, and it on my customers.
I L HARRIS. cures dandruff. • - G. WALTER KIRBY.
Propr Reed Hotel Barber Shop. «: G. W. GIBSON (barber). • Prop. Crescent Barber Shop.
Ogden, Utah. ~% 237 S. Main st. Salt Lake. • Kalispel, Mont *
PALACE BARBER SHOP, B. BERNHARD, PROPRIETOR.
TAKE NO OTHER.
When a barber oilers you an un'zb:lcd
dnp: for Ncwbro's Hcrpicide k r cp your
meney. Ycu cm afford to pay lor genu-
ine Ifcrpxidc.
KEEP YOUR MONEY
MEN'S DISEASES CURED
"WEAKNESS" v^—"*\ CONTRACTED
My treatment for so- ¦ jroi T\TCAr>T\CTiC
called weakness Is orlgl- Mt% \ Hi jUKDCKJ
nal with me. and Is the WM'l \ These troublesome dls-
only scientific and certain y*V7 1 eases are responsible for
' method being- employed. fffl'*!] I a very large proportion of
The fact that loss of phy. >"§# £5=25* so-called "weakness."
sical power Is merely a W)S% •W'gjr v"| which fact emphasizes
.a ym drrde^ UU % S ros f tTe IM r , \ of prompt
gland was discovered by ' \-JL Gsb\ 4 ff careful treatment.
i myself, and my treat- vJ|». •"» Jfjft*\L i Cases that have been
ment is based upon this Itess^v -^C?>i4\XJ? neglected or only partial-
truth and conforms to \W<:^i*^^^^L> '* cured are almost cer-
every requirement essen- ! &ST#g^*iiWS$r*' tain tn «<»r »n ir,«
. tlal to a thorough .and wlW ala to set up inflamma-
lasting cure. I employ A ?ft % %^£r& ucn ln the Prostate gland
no electrical contri- A V XiiigJigScKje'V . which, in. time, becomes
vances, nor 1 do I stlmu- >/ KV'^^l/ \ chronic and interferes
late by the use of Inter- y>n i\A\ >. with the natural func-
ther harm^o the tender // l/V^^^^il V3Y 5& Ce , t £ eatta « "? e39
prostate, thus increasing [LJr \\^SpfS/ II \Z* m2 ,^ W devised
the functional derange- WJ 1 A \» / // S,tl nf,«i, hat 5 ot only
ment. I treat by a local [P* \\ \^J II and perma-
process entirely, and one V\ I \ VTA // // ?!?! y ;», but ««••» I«*»
that cannot fail to per- \\ 1 \ IS t>\/ 1 // *; me * han «» be«t of
manently restore that de. * l _ . » * f»' VI // other treatments require,
gree of Btrength and vlg- F. L I ALCOT T, M. D. Take no . chance*. You
or that nature Intended Strictly Rel'able Jh.. a . loteIy secure
every man should possesa. \ Established 15 years. ca4 with me '
O- — -r- '¦ — : -r— — o ' Q : i ' Q
¦ ialso cnre Varicocele. Hydrocele,' Spe- «« 8^ °f CUPy th , e e ?'
Lclflo ¦ Blood Poison. Stricture. PUn, "quipped for our «ni^ ,t 1^* 1 *
Sidney and Bladder Diseases. , g ?nsVu P C^v a e 1^olbrid rS c U hart
L ¦ ¦¦ ¦ .. free at ofnct> or by mall.
y~~ . , : * - — : — ¦ ¦ -. o
F- T Tfllrritt M 1Y ' ENT1RE UPPER FL0 °*
. JL. laiCOU, i*\.U., 997 Market St., Cor. 6thEOUE OF THOSE WHO ATTENDED THE POSTOFFICE CLERKS' BALL.
AT NATIVE SONS' HALL LAST NIGHT, SKETCHED BY CARTOON
IST WARREN OF THE CALL STAFF.
A. Neumann, 130 Sixth street, swore to
a complaint in Judge Cabaniss* court yes
terday charging John C Jens with ob
taining money -by false pretenses. Neu
mann alleges that on February 27 last
year Jens induced him to purchase 1000
shares at 50 cents per share of the Rich
Gulch Mining and Milling Company on
the representation that the company
owned * a rich gold mine in Calaveraa
County with a vein or ledgo of gold-bear
ing quartz known as the "Mother Loda
gold belt," and that the shares were
worth $2 each. He farther alleges that
these representations as to the value of
the mine and shares were false.
Trouble Over Mining Shares.
The Fuller Construction Company ot
Chicago is . reported to intend to enter
upon the San Francisco building field.
Willis E. Polk, formerly of San Fran
cisco, is connected with the company.
A building boom Is In progress In the
Richmond District. It is reported that
there are no buildings for rent In that
section.
. A cost of about $30,000 is Involved in the
plans of Morris SImonoff for fiats to be
erected on the northwest corner at
Haight and Broderlck streets.
TV.! G. Richardson will erect a hand
some residence on the- lot recently pur
chased from Mrs. Frits on the southeast
corner of De'Long avenue and Frederick
street.
of which will be about $30,000.
PEDDLED THE JOB OF
A NIGHT WATCHMAN
at Foundry in the Cold
and v Fog.
Ernest Fuhnnan Wastes Six Nights
Frank Hess, an «x-soldier, appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
of obtaining money by . false pretenses.
The complaining witness was Ernest
Fuhrman, who testified that on Hess'
representation that he could get, a job
for him as night watchman at a foundry
on Main and Howard streets he gave
Hessi $12. His wages were to be $3 per
night.
"I went to the place," said Fuhrman,
"and for six nights walked all around the
building In the fog and cold till a police
man asked me what I was doing skulk
ing around the foundry. , I . told him that
I had been appointed the night watch
man. The policeman advised me to tie
the proprietors, and 1 found out I had
been swindled." /
At the request of the defendant the case
T73.S continued till to-morrow. : * ' ;i' : :J-.*j
Former Soldier Killed by Gas.
Lawrence Schnelderhen, a former sol
dier, was found asphyxiated in bed yes
terday -morning In a lodgingrhouse, 25C
Oak street. Schneiderhen had been on a
spree for several days and the key of the
gas burner was loose. The inevitable ef«
feet followed.' He was a native of Ger
many, about 60 years of age.
Emile A. Naville, a sailor boy on the
steamer Eanta Rosa, went into a saloaji
on East street Friday night and met a
man who made a trip to Manila with him
on the transport Dix. They had several
drinks together and Xaville left to go
aboard the steamer. The man accom
panied him and on the way struck him
on the head and demanded his money.
Naville threw a purse containing his
money away unseen by his assailant, who
took 15 cents out of his pocket, believing
that was all the money he had. Naville
reported the hold-up to Policeman Barry,
and after a search they found the purse.
The man was arrested by Policemen
Barry and Kelms in a saloon on East
street and booked on a charge of robbery.
He gave the • name of Frank Sullivan.
The case was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday and continued till to
morrow. '//*":?'
Both wore masks. One was about' six
feet tall and the other about five feet
seven inches. Both wore blue suits and
balck hard hats. It was some time before
GrlpH was- able to get his hands free.
The mounted policemen In the Mission
district have been instructed to keep • a
fcharp lookout for the two men.
Henry Gripil, a clamdigger, living on a
hill back of the Seven-mile House, San
Bruno road, reported to the police yester
day that two. men called -at his house
about 9 o'clock last Tuesday morning and
one of them pointed a revolver at 'his
breast, while the other tied his hands
with a piece of bale rope. They ransacked
the %ouse, but could not find anything of
value.
Robbers Hold Up Clam-
Digger in His Own
House.
Albert Ehret to F. Encoyand, 1136 Folsom
street, north .side, near Seventh street, lot 28
xlOO feet, store and 3 flats above, for $5500 ;
William Wharft: to Julius Riemer, northeast
corner of Laguna and Green streets, 25x100
feet $3000; Mary Jane Church. to Stefano Re,
lot on north line of Chestnut street, 137 feet
west of Van Ness avenue, 27:exl37:6, for $800;
Mary Jane Church to Ceasar Dealberto, north
line of Chestnut, 109:9 feet west of Van Ness
avenue 27:6x137:6 feet, $800; Mary Jap«
Church to Antonio Campi, north line of Chest
nut 164:9 feet west of Van Ness avenue, 27:6
xl37:0 for $800; Mary Jane Church to Orlando
Lippi 'north line. of Chestnut. 192:3 feet west
of Van Ness avenue.' ¦ 27:6x137:6, for $800;
Mary Jane Church to S Antonio Salvarazzo,
Northeast corner of Twentieth and Sanchez
streets 55x114, with house, on. private terms*
lot 25x127:8%.' (in the north line of Clay street.
181 feet west from Baker, for John Dyer to
O G. Briggs for $7750; lot in the Sunnysida
tract at Mill Valley to J. H. Maglnnls, Mrs.
Dr Mary B Bowers and J. F. Manner, the
prices ranging from $500 to $700 per lot, ac
cording to location. McAfee Bros, report that
electric light and power have been reduced
one-flfth in price Jn Mill Valley by the new
company. . ." - -
The following sales are reported by Eas
ton,* Eldridge & Co.: . •¦?*.•';: .".v
Post street, C8:0 feet east «of Larkln," 68:9x
137:(5 covered by fourteen flats, nine of which
front on Post. street, the other five facing on
Post court, rents about $400, from A. Cailleau
to J. Hyman, | for $51,250; corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Webster street, store and
flats 40x87:0, for .$17,500, G. A. Wanger to
T. D. McCarthy; south line of Howard street.
75 feet ' northeast of Sixth, 25x80, store and
flats, for $10,000, B. Conway and P. H. Lacy
to H. Kramer; lot on north line of Greenwich
street, 77 feet west of Leavenworth, for $3000.
J Bradley to Mrs. Anna Stadmuller; north
line of Bush street, 40 feet east ot Franklin.
25x70, two flats, for $5000, M. E. Barr to E.
Boschetti; lot. and improvements on southerly
line of Twentieth street, 175 feet west of Cas
tro for $3500, Henry Hunkin to F. J. Hal pin;
west line of Franklin street, 60 feet south of
Grove- 35x107:0, four flats for $7500. Henri
Fabregue to S. A. Butler; southwest corner of
Page and Laguna streets, 35x87:6, $4500, A.
M. Whittle to A. W. Furst: north, line of
Clara «treet 325 feet east of Fourth, 25® 1 5,
store and flats, for $6000, T. D. McCarthy to
G. A. Wanser. .
McAfee Bros, report sales as follows :
Burnham & Marsh report sales as fol
lows:
: The^ Lee, Lung Ton g has let contracts
for. a building on the west line of Waver
ly place, north from Clay street, the cost
Emil' Broesch will, build a four-story
and' basement structure on-the north line
of .Mission street, west from First, to code
$15,000. ;,;..;... ,--; -y- ... ¦ .- •¦- ; j- i
!The structural steel for both, the FlooO
office building and the Crocker hotel has
been shipped from the East.
Herbert E. ' Law will make the Rialto
buildlnsT on the south, corner of ' New
Montgomery and Mission streets nine
stories high instead of eight as originally
proposed. - - - ';'
A three-story and basement structure
will be erected by H. ''"I M. • Rogers on the
east line of Stockton street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street,, to cost
$25,000. ;:_¦,•¦¦¦. - >.._:'.- <;¦'
--James Rennie will build a warehouse on
the southwest corner . of. Sacramento and
Druram streets at a cost of about $33,000.
A. Aronson and Louis Metzger.will erect
a five-story hotel on the northeast corner
of Sutter and Gough streets, to cost $75,
ooo. . .- ;..-:¦¦¦¦• .;; ¦"'- .- -;¦• . - .'- . v ¦ .
The hotel to be erected by the Lachman
Estate Company,; at Sutter and Mason
streets, is the leading j new building In
importance , of which intention to build
has been made public - during the week.
As already reported the structure wili be
eight stories in height, will contain more
than 200 rooms and (Will cost $250,000.- \
Mrs. May F." Bruker. will erect a two
story frame building, containing two
flats, on the east line of Ashbury street,
101 feet north from Frederick, the cost of
which will be about $6500. '
'The sumof $14,427 is represented by. con
tracts already placed for the building of
a three-story and basement structure,
which John Schussler will erect on the
southeast corner . of McAllister and
Franklin streets.
j Henry and Bernard Shaw have con
tracted for .the erection of a' four-story
and basement brick building op the south
west coi ner of Second a~ 3 ¦ Minna streets,
to i cost $19,000.
Oscar Harris will build a three-story
frame building, containing three flats, on
the north line of California street, 173:8
feet west from Fillmore street, to cost
$9100.^ . • ' - • .
The Daily Pacific Builder says that the
building engagements in this city for the
month just closed point to a brilliant
year for 1902. Altogether there were re
corded 170 engagements, representing an
outlay of $1,162,374. In January, 1901, the
amount represented by engagements was
only $483,093. In 1890, when realty waa
moving very well, the January building
engagements amounted to only $603,800.
While this was slightly surpassed In Jan
uary, 1891, therej has not been an equal to
the January record of 1901 until the pres
ent year. This is supplied as another un
mistakable Indication of the general drift
of demand for improvements in San Fran
cisco. ':.'¦; -.^'--i--
Among the Builders.
Burnham & Marsh have leased the Page
building at the corner of - Leavenworth
and Turk streets for five years for $375
per month. The building contains sixty
rooms.
The deed by which the estate of Chris
topher Nobman conveys to Milton S.
Eisner the southwest corner of Flllmore
and .California streets has been recorded.
The consideration named Is $42,500.
Samuel L. Naphtaly has sold to Mrs.
George A. Moore 56:6x137:6 on the north
line . of Broadway, 52:6 feet west from
Steiner street, for 524,000.
Archbishop RIordan the Sutro grounds at
the corner of Hayeft and Fillmore streets.
George Hildebrandt has bought two cor
ner lots with frontage on Flllmore street
of 57:6x92:6 feet* for $8000. William Goeg
gel has bought the two adjoining lots
fronting on Hayes street. The old Sutro
mansion will soon be sold.
"Northwest "corner ;" Harrison y and ' Langton
streets; 55x80 feet, with improvements, $18,600;
southwest ; corner of McAllister, street >. and
Parker avenue, ¦ $2350; ",lot 20x65, on ' the north
east • line , of Eighth street. :> 105 feet, northeast
from Harrison street, $2200,"-* subject to ' ap
proval;, lot 25x85 '• feet ; and- four; three-room
flats, on I the southwest . line 'of Juniper street,
250 feet - southeast from Harrison, $2300, sub
ject to approval. - V - „, -
G. H>Umbs.en & ;Co. are selling off for
? Eastqn, : Eldridge & Co. held an auction
during? the. past -week and report 'the fol
lowing f offers, received: , -,.-¦ ; ' :'
Easton, 'Eldridge & Co." will auction real
estate j February 11;,' The : catalogue will
contain desirable .properties lnVyarious
sections of the city. * .;*
! The O. F. von Rheln Real Estate Com
pany will sell, real * estate . at auction /on
February .20.. On the catalogue are two
pieces that will, attract more -than" or
dinary attention. ' One of these Is the for
mer residence f of J. '¦', C. Stubbs, , who has
taken up his permanent residence in Chi
cago. .The Stubbs property is on Pacific
avenue, near .Steiher -street..' The. resi
dence contains sixteen 'rooms. Another
piece* to be sold is at "the southwest cor
ner of O'Farrell and, Franklin streets,
137:6x137:6 'feet. ' : '•;..'.: r
Sales at Auction.
Lewis &. Glutz, contractors, .will build
three two-story '. houses larger than here
tofore constructed in -the vicinity upon
the west line of Eleventh avenue,' north
from I street. ;fv"-?J' :; ".; ; • \ ¦ •¦ .'
: Lot on north line of Clay, 137:0 feet west
of Lyon street, to L. Blngham; three lots, 76x
95, -on the west line of Eleventh avenue, 25 feet
north' of I street, for $2400; house and lot on
the west side I of ¦ Eleventh avenue. 125 . feet
north of I street, for $3500. to Mrs. G. "Welby;
also house and lot on west line of Ninth ave
nue between I and J streets, for $3600. The
increased demand for houses south of the Park
continues, and the supply hardly < meets the
demand. .;•;. !'-. -., ¦. ~<^ -i -V
The Diamond Match .Company has
bought 40,000 acres of timber-land in Te
hama, :Butte,and Plumas counties, from
the Sierra. Estate Company, through the
president of the estate' company, Fred
crick H. Dakin of Berkeley.;'
A. E. Buckingham reports the follow
ing sales: ,- . .' ' ' \* '
Bovee, Toy& Sonntag has sold 120 acres
of orchard, 123 acres of grain land, 421
acres of dairy "land,, with buildings, at.
Wild Cat Creek, Contra Costa* County, for
W. M. Hellburn to A. T. Cortelyou for
J51.000. . . •- ';
Baldwin & liowell announce that there
Is a prospect of the immediate subdivis
ion of the Baird estate blocks in the vi
cinity of Ashbury Heights and the Pan
handle. The blocks front on Haight,
Page, .Waller, Ashbury, Cole and Shra
der streets and Masonic avenue, and have
never been offered for sale before. Under
the provisions of the will of the late John
R. Baird they could not be sold until the
youngest child became of age. The prop
erty has now been put on the market and
several sales have been made during' the
past week,' the principal one being to
Hugh Keenan, the builder and contractor,
who bought the northeast corner of Ma
sonic avenue and Haight street for $20,000.
Mr. Keenan has begun to construct seven
modern houses on the land, the; cost. of
which will be about $45,000. The north
west corner of Central avenue ayid Haight
street has also been sold by Baldwin &
Howell.for $4000, the size of the lot being
25x83:9 feet. > ; , ,-..-
Saird Estate Blocks.
E. N. Emmons & Son have removed
their real estate business to the tenth
floor of the Mills building. ; .
north line of Chestnut street.' 219:9 feet west
of Van NeFs avenue 27:6x137:6, $800; John
Gale to H. E. Bothln, 16C-160V4 Tehama street.
lCfi feet cast of Third street, four flats, for
{S2.100; I. Peterson to William R. King, 1247
Sanche?. near Twenty-sixth street, 24xS0 feet
and cottage of C rooms and "bath, for $1700;
northwest corner of Langton and Harrison
streets, 55x80 feet, two stores and flats, for
517, ",00: 15 Madison avenue, near Harrison and
Sixth streets, two Hats, for $2000. -
Martin J. O'Dcnnell (chairman), John R.
McGee George Gasmen, David Burson, George
Drum. Daniel E. Dv.yer. August Wessling,
Joseph W. Burenn (chairman). Fred A. Ma
credy. John Orrenwell. George Day. John T.
Morris. Abraham Springer. George Asmussen.
Jf-seph Ginsochio. Edward E. Sawyer. Chris
C. Benson. Joseph P.udee. Edward Donnelly.
C. Th. Lagerorar.tz. f'harles N. Brown. Frank
Jfickson William St. Am«nt, Arthur L.
Ai&Tr.s, Cecil J. Bcllrnan. Llaurice Cashman,
Henry Mosebach.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of the following:
William E. Murphy was floor manager,
end Louis E. Derre and Melville L. Fned
lander were his assistants.
The reception committee consisted of
the following:
The hall was decorated with rare taste,
and greenery and bunting of soft tints
¦were used most effectively. The orches
tra, placed on the stage, was hidden by a
cluster of palms, and along the front of
the stage a row of real letter boxes was
placed, from which two little misses,
Louise Murphy and Louise King, took
dance grcgrammes and presented them to
the dancers.
A hundred and fifty couples participated
in the gTand march, which was led by
George W. Michaels, president of the
postofflce clerks, and Mrs. Michaels.
W. "W. Montague, postmaster; Assistant
Postmaster McKlnley; D. R. Richardson,
eecretary to the postmaster; T. J. Ford,
superintendent of mails; A. M. Cox,
superintendent of the city division, and E.
A. O'Connor, cashier, were among the in
vited guests. Many of the letter carriers
were present.
THE postofSce , clerks gave their
second annual ball at Native
Sons 1 Hall Jast night, and from 9
o'clock until late into the morn
ing Uncle Sam's mail jugglers
"end their fair friends enjoyed the pleas
ures of the dance.
MASKED THUGS
ATTACK GRIPIL
¦ Hugh J. Caveney, Daniel Hurley. Frank
Haase, Arthur Leibscher, Weston V. "Wise,
Julius Meyerstein. David Foley. William Sny
der. Alfred Henry, James J. Glover.
Theo V.Krohn, Thomas J. Glllespie, James E.
Power.
Following are the members of the floor
committee: -, • , - - ,--.'¦.'.
Northeast corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Flllmore street. 45x90 feet, with three-story Im
provements consisting of three stores and four
flats, from Dr. W. E. Price to Edward E.
Cook, for $25,750; northwest corner of Fill
more and Pine streets, 37:6x87:6, with two-
Btory frame improvements consisting of two
-etores and two flats, from Mrs. A. E. Roberts,
for $20,000; Nos. 027-929-831 Eddy street, 27:6
xl20 feet, and three new flats, from D. Abrams
to Edward K. Clarke, for $19,000; No. 438 Eddy
Btreet, lot 25x137:6 feet, and 10-room residence,
from Hopkins Investment Company to Morris
Oser of Chlco, Cal., for $14,000; No. 517 Jones
street, lot 25x60 feet, and old Improvements,
from C. W. Moulthrop to Albert Jeffreys, for
$7450; No. 250 Tehama street, lot 25x80, and
Improvement^ consisting of five tenements,
from Adelaide E. Crocker to Charles W. Stock
ett, for $3600; No. C56 Jessie street, lot 25x75.
and Improvements, from Mary Hahn to M. C.
Murtagh. for $2750. A. M. Speck & Co. have
also consummated a sale of downtown prop
erty for -$62,000, but particulars are withheld
for the jjresent.
- Northwest corner of Jones and Lewis streets,
67:6x87:6, for W. H. Mills to James Leahy,
for $30,000; northwest corner of Van Ness and
Pacific avenues, 66x124:9, the Improvements be
ing the Hewes residence, for Mrs. Havlland to
Hartland Law, for $41,000; northeast corner of
Broadway and Franklin street, 37:0x137:6,. for
John R. Spring, for $11,000; northwest corner
of Pacific and Central avenues, 30x56, . for
Charles Si Wheeler to Bernard Faymonville,
for J6S00.
A. M. Speck & Co. report sales as fol
lows:
A vacant Van Ness avenue corner has, been
twice sold, the second^ time at an advance of
one-third in the price, an almost unprecedented
thing in the history of San Francisco real es
tate. The piece is on the northeast corner of
Van Ness avenue and Clay street, having an
avenue frontage of 77:8 ami extending 10y feet
on Clay street. Somo weeks ago It was sold
by Henry L. Dodge for $45,000 to Charles
Schlesslnger, who has in turn disposed of the
property for $60,000 to Mrs. Laura Greenwald,
owner of the adjoinlns residence on Van Ness
avenue. Mrs. Greenwald will erect dwellings
on the land for renting purposes. The price
paid is nearly $800 a front foot. A. M. Speck
& Co. were the brokers in both transactions.
The following additional sales are re
ported by Thomas. Magee &i Sons: ,• v ....
The largest transaction, of the past
week was the sale of the 50-vara lot on
the south corner of, Howard and Spear
streets by Douglas S. Watson and James
Denman to'J. A. Folger & Co. for $81,000.
On this site Folg.er & Co. .will erect a
four-story structure which will cover the
entire premises. Thomas Magee & Sons
were the brokers. Watson gained an ad
vance on the price he .paid not long ago
for his part of the piece, which he pur
chased through Magee & -Sons from the
George W. Gibbs Company for $52,500.
Important Properties.
We have the important announcement to
make that some new mortgages are now being
taken in large sums at 4 per cent net — the
borrower to pay the mortsage tax. S That
would mean, at the (ax rate this year, 6.65
per cent grross. ¦ But next year, or the year
alter the tax rate may be $1 T5 on- the .$100,
or even more, especially in view of possible
bond Issues. No one would have believed a
lew years ago that money would be as cheap
for real estate uses as it now is. The other
savings banks are granting city real estate
loans at 5S4 to t> pur cent, they paying the
mortgage tax. The savings banks ot San
Francisco now have deposits amounting to
$)43,3-t8,4ti8. Of this amount $05,238,103, or
40 per cent only, is loaned on real estate se
curity.
Magee's Circular calls attention to sev
eral facts of importance in relation to
the interests of realty. One or. these is
found in the 'following paragraph: ;
This is more than double the amount
of (he sales in January, 1901, and sur
passes those of January, 1901, by 224 In
number. The record for December, 1901,
was 379 sales and $3,599,805 in .amount.
From this it is made plain that the ten
dency of San Francisco realty is still up
ward, the demand for it indicating that
fact unmistakably. On all sides the hum
of business is heard. Large buildings
and large enterprises are the order of
the time. Money is abundant, as the'
large increase In the deposits in the sav
ings banks and the comparatively email
demand for money on the security of real
estate attests. • .
January" of the present year broke the
San Francisco record in amount of money
represented by real estate sales to be
credited to this city. Thomas Magee &
Son's Real Estate Circular, which was
issued yesterday, furnishes data from
which interesting comparisons can be
made by those who are interested in
studying the material progress of San
Francisco. Last month there were 459
sales, involving the large total of $3,993,583.
Statistics for the First Month
of the Year. Are
• V Dazzling.' I'.
Pour Million Dollars
Is Vended. -\
Realty Worth About
JANUARY SALES
BREAK RECORDS
THte SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY; FEBRIJ^RY 2, 1902.
Many Fair Guests and the Chief Officials of the local
Postoffice Enjoy Gayety of Second Annual Ball of the
Organization Maintained by Uncle Sam's Letter Jugglers
MAIL CLERKS ARE HOSTS
AT NATIVE SONS' HALL
25
t- JOB ROSENBERG'S. -*l | - JOE, ROSENBERG'S. J : JOE ROSENBERG'S. • | JOE BOSENBERG^S.
eH ff a Y« M >¦' : '' -"-* ¦- ' '.•'-¦¦¦• "• "¦ •'• '< ¦ '. "¦• '•' ' '¦ ' ••¦•'• -> - -'• .-¦'.'¦•• '•.-¦-' ' . • •'¦ ' ' * m in
HI mm \ W e have a very |.fi.ne sample line of Underwear,\consisting of \^ S^S' m
H|E## 1 Silk,,Wool, Lisle-Thread and Cotton CombmationSuits, Vests and I Mm M
rjh i / |^ antsaJ1 d Tights. These are the samples of one of the best B
It 1 "/• I Known manufaciurers of uderivear in the United States, bat T \ === \m% Mm
1 \ f I n Q to ttie 8r eral discount niad v on these Jbeca use of the slight j ;| U\ x \\ 1 /I
1 \ I / s^' from being handled we are compe led to suppress the firm's \ I v 1/1
I V j / name. Nevertheless the bargains that await you are the best \ JM 1
I J\ ¥ ° T 7^f J jjQt Wppk nf Our Rhallpnap flffprincrQ A * 39c Sff 1 !^^^' ts&
JP \ I Here Ldul ft UUiV Ul Ulil UllullullcLu UlluMlieLO frame, natural wood handles; regular
¦ . ¦' Jk § ¦ -. •- - - ¦.?.-•' ;•¦¦-' S3 -. , *r* -,r 7So values; now........ , SOc
¦ R^^^ B Area "Will be found the most interesting part of the Newspaper* To-day, we a. «•¦ aqkew MODEL STRAIGHT
|A/;V I. Few- ;«?;*°!^^
g 5 1 I ; ,. y - as much, it would not be as convincing as the goods will prove to be.. - good Italian cloth; now 81.00
1 ff^X -\, a .' nP-e - A t K r DARNING COTTON; fast • col-.L : A' t ; C« PEARL BUTTONS/ good j? nd At 396 0 !
1 " VV ' 1 Prices. -At b0 ora , three lyse ball8 for 5e; :£* ™ hea^wnd^
g O- O Af o~ Best quality of NICKEL-PLAT- and small, sizes. . Wortn 1-c. now...... C whlte- Regular 75c cor3«st. now... SOc
I" Art 35 C -LADIES> SILK Atl^^^g^S^T&ffl
made of good quality silk, -low ¦ A f 7 r DRESS -SHIELDS, beat quality good length,: full width. ¦ Worth &c, tlally finished. Only 15c
¦ »¦! ¦/*« 1-.1- t i' nTi-ni , ' i.~\i-' best French cloth.. "Worth 75c: now Now : SOc * ** """" * V ! ~*'"'J17 '****¦!* '"'"'"" °S
H Ji-t $1 O5 — I/ADIES' SILX 5Oc ¦'J»""VT*T"iVT w-" tta^-v priiimn At 954r HAIRPINS, best Japanned
H —,-___,_ ?'.'•?-*' , , , ovt- ¦ . 1 rtft ALL SILK FAJNCi COKBiIiL/ t^u -wire 4 nackarsa in ca.hiT»«t
a VESTS, high neck, long sleeves, \ f o r LADIES' COIN PURSE, best At IUC RIBBO n, three Inches wide, Now wlre ' * P a §5^"
B Swiss ribbsd, best quality silk." „ father, suitable for gold or in every color combination, suitable for en" 'LaDIES 1 ''' WHITE SKIR/m
l«eck crocheted »iAL*. ffjffiS&gmfeg^® T^'-S^^R'wS {^JSg^LS^St .S-
H with silk tape. Worth $2.25. Now l oc of best quality all-wool cash- At • oc satin back, width No. 1, piece stitched; extra dust ruffle. -Worth C,
M SI. 25 " "N mere, silk heels and toes; colors pink, of ten yards. Now..... 15c now SOc
13 ¦fi'/i'i. T unTTjeiTTr.cimn j blue, red. black and white. Worth 50c; A+ OC«LADIES' HOSE, made best . QO« LADIES* SKIRTS beat matt
I A * 95c~ SADIES' VESTS, made now ,.....„.....; ...25c At Peruvlan cotton, ribbed, double At 98C bleached cambrtodeep tucked
H of best quality silk, i Swiss" ribbed, • -\\ 4. C?O CnCOCQUE FEATHER- heels and toes, warranted fast black; nouncef trimmed with 4-inch embroid- B
B his-h neck <hort sleeves full fash- * B0A S, made of • very best worth 35c; now..... .-....^5C ery; extra dust ruffle. Were C 35, now H
|| mgn necK, .nori sieeves, lull iasn- Fren ch feathers, black with green tint. A. 17 r LADIES' HOSE, made, of 9Sc H
g joned. Regular price 91.75. Now ii/ 2 yards long. Were $5.00; now..$2.."»O ' rvt ' IU English Lisle, in new lace ef- «. «c_ LADIES' FAST BLACK M
Eg D5c. A* »/« HOOKS AND EYES best fects, ¦ double heels and toes, . very elas- OJb MERCERIZED SATEEN
§ At 980-siLH iiohts, m ade £ d .^|^| At m%Sfi*8ss.4s&ss s?^»t2B^t.^^..rsyss
B c« good American silk, ribbed, well ' "".••—.•¦.—; "¦"" ¦ At. l^/=C EsypUan cot t OI! , double At =« HAIR KIBBON. fancy coSed.
I made, perfect fttting. Worth ?1 .5O. x m ' EMBBOII,E^E S _ Am SSb^S^JSrSi^JS^SSS SjZ&f* I """ > °- " " OT """
I Now selling 98c, INSERTIONS just received from ,. Q c. T he stout woman's friend- Width No. 7 :.. 5c
i At 351 OR LADIES' KNITTED largest Eastern "and Swiss man a- ¦¦"••- J "the out size stocking, made Width. No. 9 6%c
I COKSE^'toVEBS, made of best facturers^ All th^ newest and finest oe^/rfnc^S^^ MBB ° N '^ "^
I quality silk and wool mixed, hieh patterns, from the narrowest to the , w C ; now .....25c Width No. 12 Oc '
I neck long sleeves,^Swiss .ribbed, .^^'^^^^J^ At ZbC^^LS^o^^Zi;, wia£ No! f
I fits tight to the figure. Worth All to be sold at prices never be- riveted frame; were 50c. This week's A «:- ladies 1 COLLAR AND TIE
H $1.75. Now $1.25. fore equaled in Frisco. Come and price 35«S At OUC ma a e of best fancy silk. Res- B
M At <£1 1R— LADIES' VESTS inspect .them, as they are well- At 1 OC MEN'S SOX grood Maco cot- uiar sellingr price 60c. Now 35c g
M Ol.lO •"¦ Q - l ' J " c '» vxioao, *!,,<.'¦ f . ¦ rvu ' uu ton, double heels and toes, in » x 1 fi« BOYS' WINDSOR BOW TTE9 H
P best quality, all wool, Swiss ribbed,, worth looking at. black or tan; regular 20c values; now At 190^° of best fancf silk, hW I
H high neck, long sleeves.- Worth a* 1 n r LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, ••••"""•';"l*^T^iV"V;i';'^ :^a'* 1<^ C stitched ends. Were 33c. Now 19c H
H *onn tt«w (siis At ' UC best sheer lawn, newest Swiss At 50c LAJ 01^ 8 DRAWERS, made . R w_ lADI ES' HANDKEB-1
M JJ.2.OO. Now 91.15. - embroidered ed K es, strong and well fin- ' rt - x JUU of good soft bleached muslin. At D^C CHIEFS, best Irish linen, H
9 At 7Rn — LADIES' VESTS, best nished. Were 25c, now.. ...:......... lOct tucked and finished with ruffle of em- ne atly hemstitched. Worth 12%c. Now. 1
I cuality silk and wool mixed, low A t 5r GENTS> HANDKERCHIEFS. S? r now ut wido and £ull; resula^ ••- •¦-•' ";; •;"";-l' 6y * c I
|neck, 7 no sleeves. Worth ? 1.50. fjJC .e^^^ At 39of T fc ?tt l%°< SSSS 1
| NOW - 75C - " At$1 , 98 RAINY DAY SKIRTS, good g flaSTuKVK ?r^t SS'^e^S^Vo^f s^^lTc I
13 PS There are onlv two of a ' quality golfing, welted yoke tucked and hemstitched, collar and . m qimr^ w?w 1
I ..,-„?. J y 1, . seams, inverted back, flounce bottom, sleeves edged with lace: colors pink. At $1 .00 s?WN GLOVK^'r!^ M
g kind. Our ativiC3: Be the early Regular $3.50 values, now ...§1.98 . blue and cream; were *L60; now.ftl.OO hest Vy, I!2!i» HS&te %ol™ M e |
i;,j, . . Af <tO Cfl LOUNGING ROBES, best Af 7Rr CHILD'S GOWN, best qual- ef^veg are'sewa ? wifh ri& tha^hi^S i
I bird.,, tj, ,; , ? ,.-.;;;¦: ..: f % v -.-; ; : ,,- . , At 3>^.0U quaUty^wool? ripple eider- h A 1 ; f 99 ity, striped flannelette, double brelling Lt of m Simdr -Ord'nlrilv i
I a < .cr\~ T adifs* OTXiVTi'S a nrp- down, fitted back, full front, pocket, frog ,. yoke back and front yoke tucked, each oMic, u a pd test 8 nounds. Thev W ma^ H
j At 50C of chilblains^. " Seft trimmed,- waist, cord. Were $5.00 .now tuck buttonholed with silk, full length, o f Ls^Rufsk k?d^ aaddle^ea^ s^n. g
1 quality Cashmere, double* tipped -fingers; ;.- Jgrf.50. epod width; worth n.0Q now «7OC^ ona clasp, stitched back. Worth $1.50. gf
I two-clasp,, stitchedback, warranted fast >" -• i-^'_ . '"^ '-L ™"» . L^'im. 'mm. : '^. "¦''«« ** nr i riTrnm nmnnnm Now •••;.." .".. S?1.OO fi
i||sl#^2llfsi ? flF RnSFNRFRR 8I . 6 M « RK 5,, s P E f • At.$i«ssssafsst.38!ia|
g Al Jtu cor(]f , d satin, with fancy, gilt «9ULi SIUCJLi8sU!bIIU Running ihrough to 11 0 Farrell. back, one clasp. Equal if not better M
H or. gun- metal buckle. Were 75c; now.. v ' -T nmtwrm >u DIMin , u/ . than any $2.50 English glove made. H
H ...;.... ..;............:..... 5Oc Mail fipders Solicited. - - PHELAN BUILDING. ' n O w .....^ .....;. S1.5O B
GBAPZ-NUTS.
EATING IN HAVANA
Yankees Club Together.
In Havana It is the custom to serve
only bread and coffee for breakfast. ' A
l'ttle colony of Americans that felt they
could not do their work until noon on this
kind of a diet clubbed together'and began
importing Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food.
One of them, writing about' the matter,
says: "The modern cooking range had
never been known in Cuba until the
American occupation, and even now they
are scarce, so' that a ready-cooked food
like Grape-Nuts recommends itself to
start with; then the Yankees were accus-
tomed to the food and felt they could
hardly get along without It. They began
buylr.gr In five case lots and one by one
the" larger grocery stores began keeping
Grape-Nuts in stock, so the business
spread, until now great quantities of
Grape-Nuts are used In Cuba, and it is
not only used by the Americans, but the
other inhabitants as well."
This Is an illustration of the way the
famous food has pushed itself into all parts
of the world. Wherever English-speak-
ing people go they demand Grape-Nuts."
They can be found in South Africa.
Egypt, India, China, Japan, Australia and
South America.
Many Americans speak of the homelike
feeling It gives them to see the number-
less buses in the streets of London dec-
orated with great blue signs with the
word "Grape-Nuts" done In yellow let-
ters, and all over England th# great pur-
veying shops distribute Grape-Nuts.
English roast beef has largely given
way to American roast beef, and the old-
fashioned English breakfast of bacon and
potatoes is now supplemented with Grape-
v Nuts and cream. The change was made
for a reason. It has been aiscovered that
almost magical power rests within the
little granules, and this power is set free
In the body that makes use of the famous
tood.
Sore Throat
* (Mid
Lung Trouble
Don't you take any chances with Cm
sore throat; it is too b*g to risk.
A lot of ailments come under the
head of "sore throat." For instance,
tonsilitis, bronchitis, trachitis— all 'of
them in a different form but each one
curable by the same remedy.
¦Halpruner's will cure a sore throat in
less time than any other 'known f«n-. .
edy. In fact, it is the best medicine
made, for sore throat. .
First rub the throat thoroughly with
Halpruner's and , saturate a piece of ; •
flannel with it and bind it around" the
neck. Dilute one tablespoonful in a
wine glass of water and spray or gargle N '
the -throat— also take it internally in
milk or water. Before the big hand, on
your clock makes one complete circle
you will notice the difference.
You will be. very much better, and
continued applications, will cure you
Trial Trealmcnt Free.
Dr. Halpruner spends from 1 to 4 every v
afternoon, except Saturdays and Sundays,
at hia offlce,' 28 California street, giving
trial treatments to sufferers and persons
Interested In Halpruner's wonderful medi-
cine. BMHkMVBSJRMMM^^H
" A large bottle sent by prepaid express^ -
. age to any part of the United States upon
the receipt -of fL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ForewatPffseify
. Fope^pmeda
The liability to disease is greatly
lessened when the bloodjs in good con-
dition, and the circulation healthy and
vigorous. For then all refuse matter
is promptly carried out of the system ;
otherwise it would rapidly accumulate
— fermentation would take place, the
blood become polluted and the consti-
tution so ' weakened that a simple
malady might result seriously. .
A healthy, active circulation means
good digestion and . strong, healthy
nerves. ,
Asa blood purifier and tonic S. 8. S.
has no equal. It is the safest and best
remedy for /old people and children
because it contains no minerals, but is
made exclusively of roots and herbs. • ¦
No other remedy so thoroughly and
effectually cleanses the blood of im-
ymk. jgnt. purities. Atthe'
Hbk il^ ilk^ sa:ue time it builds
sggp? qgjggp va t cs the entire sys-
tem. It cures permanently all manner
blood and skin troubles.
Mr. E. E. Kelly, of Urbana, O.. writes i
"I bad Eczema on my hands and face for
five years. It would break out in little
white pustules, crusts would form and
drop off, leaving the skin red and inflam-
ed. The doctors did me no good. I used
all the medicated soaps and salves without
benefit. S. 8. 8. cured me, and my skin
is as clear and smooth a3 any one's." '¦-
Mrs. Henry Siegfried, of Cape May, N.
J., eaya that twenty-one bottles of.S. 8. 8.
cured her of Cancer of the breast. Doo-
tors and friends thought her case hope*
less. , ' ' ¦" . . . •• .
Richard T. Gardner, Florence, S. C.
suffered for years with Boils. Tt.o bot-
tles of S. S. S. put his blood in good con-
dition and the Boils disappeared. -
Send for our free book, and write
our physicians a bout ; your case.
Medical advice free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA; 3A.
ifflHHp
ri'His Well-known and rkmabus old
L Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Strictorf . Seminal Weaknew, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Discuses of Men, free,
Overaoyears' experience. Terms reasonable. Hoars,
9to3dally ;6:30to8. 30ev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul.
tatlon free and sacredly conflden tial. Call or address
P. RO8COE MeNULTY, II. D.
26 M Kearny 8U, Man Francisco, Cal. j
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
Piles Cured
:.• v ;. After 3© Years- -
Thbs. E. Wood, 818 Seventeenth et., : Sacra-
mento, Cal.: ""One 80-cent box of Pyramid Pile
Cure permanently | cured me of piles. ;, For 30
years I suffered: underwent. a frightful opera-
tion. . nearly j died, ' but | failed to cure. . ' 1 1 was
unable to walk when I tried "Pyramid Pile Cure.
Theflrst application relieved me.": All drug-
gists sell It. Quickly cures every form of piles.
Book free by , mail 1 Pyramid Drug " Co. , Mar."
¦.haUi'Mlch. ,„..'/'- :,' ' • /stimulant for his daughter, who was hys
terical.
The'witness told the jury that his sister,
Mrs. Gibbons, left her mother's room only
once, whereas Mrs. Gibbons said that she
went from her mother's to her own room
three times, and, the second time, looked
through her window and«saw the lynch
ers on the street.
Young Myers' said that when he went to
the barroom after the confusion had ab'at
ed he found gathered there Sidney Goy
ette, Samuel ; Parks, his father, "Jim"
Brown, and Erving Carpenter. None of
these men had testified that young Myers
was in the barroom at all during the
night. ; :
Establishing an Alibi.
Henry Lorenz, ! a farmer, testified to
having recognized Jerve Kresge plowing
in his field on the forenoon of ; May 30,
but en cross-examination said that Kresge
Roy Miller and Philip Miller, sons of the
preceding witness, gave corroborative tes
timony. .Roy Miller was asked by the
prosecution on cross-examination if he
had. ever told Dill Sherer that he and
Kresge arrived at the Miller ranch about
8 o'clock on the morning of the lynching,
and that their horses were in a. badly
blown condition. The witness replied that
he had never so stated, and that if any
J. P. Miller, a farmer living eighteen
miles from Lookout, testified that Jerve
Kresge came to his ranch on the after
noon of May 30, had dinner with the fam
ily and slejSt at Miller's house all night,
and that he did not leave during the night.
The following day Claude Morris, another
of the alleged . lynchers, came to Miller's
place, and, with Kresge, took "Bob" Lev
enton,'s horse away.
\fras a quarter of a mile from him when
he saw him.
have been 'built for the South Pacific Isl
ands and lighters and barges for the
Alaskan and San Francisco trade. The
keel has just been laid for another four
masted vessel and the contracts for sev
eral smaller ships have been signed.
Howard. Must Go to Prison.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 1.— Judge Can
trill to-day overruled the motion for a
new trial In the Jim Howard case and
sentenced him to imprisonment for life.
An order was entered transferring How
ard to Georgetown for safe keeping, pend
ing an appeal.
. Judge Myers had. testified to having
made three trips upstairs, once ; with a
Young Myers said that his father came
upstairs but once after : going down to
see what the trouble was, and that he
came back to dress fully. . ; '.. ¦'_':.. .
Parks had testified that he went to
Trowbridge's store, Immediately after sup
per and did not return to the hotel until
9 o'clock. • ¦ . .;¦ . ./ .;-::.
After supper on ; the night of May 20 the
witness saw Samuel Parks sitting 1 in; the
barroom of the hotel where the prlBonera
were confined.
Parks had testified that. he was putting
on his ' coat In the hall ' and was so ' oc
cupied in that operation that heTdid not
see Mrs. Gibbons -and 'they collided, she
asking to be excused. Young Myers tes
tified that they did not speak and he did
not see them collide. ¦/ '
Silas . Myers, 15 "years of age, son of J.
R. Myers, proprietor of. the hotel in Look
out, was. called to i the stand. . His testi
mony contradicted that of his sister, Mrs.
Gibbons, and. that of Samuel Parks,
Ervlng Carpenter and Sidney Goyette in
some particulars. , He" said that when he
was awakened by the mob he • lay In bed
for a few minutes v and; then went to his
mother's room. He saw Samuel
in the hall, fully and saw his
sister, Mrs.. Gibbons, 4 * leave her room to
go to her mother's. ' ,
Contradicts Previous Witnesses.
Hardly an unpleasant word was uttered
during the afternoon session. The de
fence recalled Ervlng Carpenter, Constable
of Lookout, • When on the stand several
days ago Carpenter testified that on the
night of May 30 Brown, the defendant, re
ported to him that "he had heard rumors
that a mob intended, .'to lynch. Daniel
Yantis and "Jim" Hall. Asked to-day if
Brown had said anything else the witness
quoted Brown as having said that if he
heard any more about the lynching he
would let Carpenter know. In reply, he
told Brown that in case he heard any
thing further about a lynching he would
get a team and take the prisoners to
Alturas for safe-keeping. ' v
Raker protested and said he would stand
on the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the State of California in support of his
contention. Sturtevant said there was no
law In the world to support the evidence
offered by Raker and expressed his will
ingness to argue the matter all day.
The Benecia shipyards were established
by Captain Matthew Turner twenty years
ago. ¦ The first -vessel built here was
named the Amethyst. She is still In com
mission and at present plies on San Fran-
of California regarding the offer of re
ward • issued by the National Anti-Mob
and Lynching Law Association of Spring
field, Ohio, and a similar offer made by
the International Counsel, world head
quarters, Seattle, Wash. Each was ob
jected to and row upon row was piled up
on the record. The court ruled with the
prosecution and the evidence offered was
marked as refused exhibits. .
The Amazon: the schooner Solano,
launched on March 1, 1901, 'and the Ama
ranth, launched on July 22, 1901, are to be
under the control of Captain Matthew
Turner and his friends. The Amazon Is
a beautiful vessel and the largest of the
fleet, being. 220 feet long, 42 feet 10 inches
of beam and 19 feet 6 inches of depth of
hold. She will carry 1150 tons cargo or
1,500,000 feet of lumber.
BENICIA, Feb. 1.— Benicia's ship
yards were the scene of a suc
cessful launching this morning,
when vessel number 223 was re
leased from her fastenings and
gracefully slipped into the bay. Mrs.
Andrew Aus, wife of Captain Aus, who is
to be In command of the new barkentine,
broke the traditional bottle of champagne
and christened the new craft the Amazon.
Although the hour of the launching was
early, there was a large gathering of
spectators.
BARKENTINE AMAZON, SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED FROM THE BE
: NICIA SHIPYARDS YESTERDAY, AND THE WIFE OF HER FU
TURE MASTER, WHO CHRISTENED THE TRIM NEW VESSEL.
DENVER, Feb. L— At a meeting held in
the office of Governor Orman* to-day it
was decided to. ask Brigadier Generals
Funston and MacArthur to attend a ban
quet and reception proposed in their honor
the latter part of this month. An official
Invitation was telegraphed to General
Funston at Topeka, Kans., and to Gen
eral MacArthur at Washington, D. C. If
favorable replies are received a public
banquet will be given at the Brown Pal
ace under the direction of General Hale,
Governor Orman, Mayor Wright, the
Grand Army and the Chamber of Com
merce.
Denver Invites Twt> Generals.
SAX JOSE, Feb. L— The Louvre saloon
on North First street was entered by
burglars early this morning and about $10
taken. It is believed the thieves hid
themselves in the saloon last night before
it was closed and then let themselves out
by a side door. The cash drawer under
the bar was forced open with a "jimmy"
and two nickel-in-the-slot machines were
opened. A contribution box of the Home-'
finding for Children Society was emptied
of several dollars.
Burglars Bob a Saloon.
SEATTLE. Feb. 1.— Superior ' Court
Judge Griffin to-day decided the recently
passed ten-hour law, intended to limit the
hours of employment of women in stores
and factories, to be unconstitutional, xhe
defendant, a local dry goods store, de
murred to the complaint on the ground
that the statute was class legislation and
that It deprived a person of his property
without due process of law, it being con
tended that the right to enter into con
tract was in Itself property. The State
gave notice of an Immediate appeal to
the Supreme Court.
Seattle Judg« Sustains Contention
That the Act Embodies Class
legislation. .
DECLAEES TEN-HOTJB LA.W
TO BE TnrC0N5T.LT U TIONAI,
EoeclB.1 DltDatch to The Call.
ALTURAB, Feb. 1.— Another week has
elapsed In the trial of James W. Brown,
the alleged Lookout lyncher, and the end
does not appear to be In sight. The pol
icy of the defense, apparently, 1b to call
a Kreat many witnesses in the effort to
puncture tha testimony of Hutton and
Morris, the lynchers who confessed, and
to establish alibis for the men implicated
by the confession. For some reason the
defense seems disposed' to stretch out the
trial as far as possible. Thus almost the
entire forenoon session of the court was
wasted in an argument over the admlssa
blllty In evidence of a poster offering a
reward for the apprehension of the lynch
ers—and this after the court had already
ruled that the poster could not be admit
ted.
When Attorney John B. Raker, for the
defense, placed Sheriff Ben Street on the
stand with the view of disproving the
statement made yesterday by one of the
counsel for the prosecution that there
was not one dollar reward offered for the
conviction of the lynchers he raised a
storm that nearly resulted in his being
sent to jail for contempt.
Raker Cto Street)— Have you a procla
mation from the Governor of this State
offering a reward for the lynchers?
Street— I have.
Raker— I now offer in evidence this —
Sturtevant, for the prosecution, ob
jected, on the ground that it was a poster
and not the best evidence, as it was not a
certified copy.
Raker— We want to prove that" this
poster has been flashed in the faces of the
people of Lookout, Bleber and Alturas.
They saw it, acted upon It and believe
in It.
The court— I will not acceot that as
competent evidence. Get a certified copy
of the Governor's proclamation and the
court will consider It.
Raker — We expect to show that a re
ward of $200,000 has been offered.
The court— I will send the jury from the
room if you continue to make such a.
harang-ue as that. It is all done for ma
licious purpose.
Wants State Official Subpenaed.
Raker— I ask for a subpena for the Gov
: ernor's private secretary and C. F. Curry,
Secretary of State. I want to prove 1 these
posters have been circulated all over the
State of California.
The court — Gentlemen of the jury, you
are excused for fifteen minutes. Raker,
I will send you to jail if you continue
such conduct.
Raker — I am through, your Honor.
The , court— You always are through
after you have injected your virus before
the jury.
Raker— My God, you would kick me out
of the court if I sat here likt a stone and
did not get In evidence for this defendant.
The court— You are having your spell
again to-day.
Raker— I have not been adjudicated in
sane yet. . .
The court — If you keep on you will be
so.
Raker— How about my application for.
subpenas?
The Court— It has been your object in
this case to saddle such expense on Mo
doc County. The prosecution's clerk can
make application to the Governor for a
certified copy of the Governor's procla
mation and if there are any funds in the
Modoc County treasury the bill will be
paid by the county. You have no- right
to make the county foot bills for such
evidence. %
, Raker— We want to prove the statement
of counsel for the prosecution that there
is no reward Is not true. '
Spencer— The prosecution wants to shut
out every evidence and hide the facts in
the case. The State offers a reward and
the State, through the Attorney Gen
eral's office, repudiates It. The State is
in a curious predicament.
Hours Wasted in Strife.
Raker then offered as evidence a proc
lamation from the Governor of the bi.ate
To-day's event marks the beginning: of
practical operations by the Sonoma. Valley
Woman's Club for the improvement of the
historic plaza. This Is the spot where the
Bear flag xras raised and . where many
historical events hare occurred. In re
pl w.i ring the tree earth was brought from
General Vallejo's birthplace in Monterey;
from his gTa.ve In Mountain Cemetery;
from Benicia, which was laid out by the
general and named for his wife; from Yal
leio, where the old State capltol stood;
from Jaurez's tomb In the City of Mexico,
and from. XAfayette's tomb in Paris. This
earth was deposited by Mrs. L. V. Empa
ran. a daughter of the late general.
Major Sdwln A. Sherman of Oakland,
"n-Jao iras elected as th» first City Clerk
of tola plaoe In XS50, and who was an in
tlmata friend ot General Vailejo, deliv
ered tie oration of the day, touching
briefly upon the early history of Sonoma.
F, T. Duhring, president of the City
Board d Trustees, vrz% master of cere
monies and delivered & tbort address on
the past and future of the city.
afternoon, in the presence ot a large os
eexnblaeis. Th« tree was a live oak taken
from th» rener&i's former home place,
end traa reslanted In the public plaza,
¦which was plvea to the city by this dis
tinguished e«atl«man more than three
score years <mto.
SONOMA* Feb !.— Tfce planting of the
memorial tree In honor of the late Gen
eral M» Gv Vallejo took place here this
esecfel DtEoatctl to The Call.
able for Absence of Usual
Afternoon Session Remark-
Woman's Olub Beautifying
tho Plaza He Gave to
the Town,
Distant.
Appears to Be Far
End of Lynching Trial
Ceremony in Honor of
tho Late General
Vallejo.
Startling Discovery Is
Made Under a Lodi
Store.
Caving Earth Reveals Skele
ton in a State' of Perfect
Preservation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, Feb. 1.— In an unused portion of
the basement under Friedberger's Btore
the skeleton of a woman was found yes
terday. In the southeast corner of the
basement water from the winter's rains
had seeped through the earth beneath
the sidewalk and by continuous dripping
had washed away a portion of the sida
embankment, exposing to view the bones
of the left foot and ankle. Not a ray of
light enters the celler, and whenever Mr.
Friedberger has occasion to descend to
It, which is seldom, he takes a lighted
lantern. It may be that a portion of the
skeleton has b.een exposed to vie w^ for a
year or more, or It is possible that tho
earth covering the lower portion of the
limbs had but recently caved In. ,
The soft earth was removed and the
skeleton was found to be preserved al
most intact. A gold-plated ring, corroded
till it was almost the color of the bones
of the hand, was taken from the index
finger. Circling about one-half of the in
side of the ring was a name that under a
powerful glass was made out to be
"Clara "Wells" or "Clara Welts." An Iron
retort, such as was used in the mines in
early days for fusing metal, was found
embedded in the earth near the skull.
How the. body came to be entombed
where it was found will probably be for
ever a mystery. That it was given no
formal burial is apparent from the fact
that there was nothing to indicate that
it had ever been inclosed by a casket.
DR. AITD MRS. CONGDON
INJURED IN RUNAWAY
Tormer San Francisco Young "Woman
Receives Hurts That May
Prove Fatal.
JAMESTOWN, Feb. 1.— Dr. E. C. Cong
don and his wife were Injured in' a run
away accident this afternoon. . The doc
tor was crippled in the right shoulder
and Mrs. Congdon was injured . in ' the
back and it is feared internally. Mrs.
Congdon, as Miss Belle Hill, was well
known in San Francisco. She married
Dr. Congdon in that city last summer.
Real Estate Dealers in Court.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 1.— I* D. Hoback, a
real estate dealer of this city, to-day be
gan 3uit against W. E. Crossman, another
dealer in the same line, to recover $500
alleged to be due for services rendered in
making ] a sale. Hoback alleges that for
the past two years he has been rendering
help to Crossman, and that on Septem
ber 15, 1901, he was instrumental in mak
ing a sale for Crossman ' which involved
the purchase of the Jefferson Hotel prop
erty by Pedro de Saisset from Mrs. Mary
A. Carroll. The price paid was $40,000.
He alleges that the commission usually
allowed for such a sale is $1000, and he
alleges that the service he performed for
Crossman is worth $500.
Court Invalidates a Marriage.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 1.— Judge Hughes
to-day handed down a decision In the case
of Esta Medlock vs. "William J. Medlock,
tried by him a. week ago in Bakesfleld,
declaring void a marriage performed by
the City Recorder of Bakersfleld on July
28, 1900. According to the decision the Su
preme Court has held that the marriage
ceremony could be performed in thia State
only by a Justice of the Supreme Court,
a Judge of the Superior Court, a Justice
of the Peace, a priest or a minister of the
gospel of any denomination, and that all
marriages performed by other persons
are void. The decision has been sent to
Bakersfleld for filing. .
Farmers' Club Reorganizes.
SAN. JOSE. Feb. 1.— The Farmers' Club,
an organization which has been on the
edge of disbanding for some time, to-day
effected a reorganization. For several
years the club, which numbered many
orchardists and farmers in its member
ship, .was an important factor in the
horticultural and agricultural interests of
the county, but for some reason its mem
bers began to drop out. A reorganization
plan was suggested and committees ap
pointed. At to-Kiay's session more than
100 members enrolled themselves. The
following officers were elected: Presi
dent, W. P. Lyon; vice president, Volney
Rattan; secretary, J. Taylor; treasurer,
H. J. Ball.
Fall Ends Miner's Life.
JAMESTOWN, Feb. i.— Manuel San
chez,' a native of San Jose, 53 years' of
age, fell a distance of fifty feet in a stope
of .the Rawhide mine last night, receiv
ing injuries from which he died this
moraine
one -testified that they saw him. and
Kresge return home after 7 o'clock on the
morning of May 31, "that fellow is a
liar." ' '
Jasper Shaw, a. rancher, testified that
he saw Kresge riding toward the Miller
ranch on May 30, and saw him. on his re
turn the following afternoon. )
The defense Is making a strenuous ef
fort to prove an alibi for Kresge, and
apparently is making out a strong case.
Mrs. Andrew Aus,- Wife of the Vessels Future Gommander, Breaks
the Traditional Bottle of Champagne and Christens the
New Craft in the Presence 'of a Large Gathering at Benicia
WOMAN'S BONES
IN A BASEMENT
SONOMA PLANTS
MEMORIAL TREE
WASTING HOURS
IN ARGUMENT
BARKENTINE AMAZON IS GIVEN
TO THE WATERS OF THE BAY
THB BAN TOANOISCO OAJX. BOTDAT^ JTEBEUAIlt 3, 1802.
cisco Bay. Since then 144 vessels have
been launched. Among the noted schoon
ers .and -barkentines which have been
turned out here are the Benicia, the
Rosamond, the Ariel, the Solano and. the
Amaranth. A number of smaller craft
26
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
BACILLUS DIPHTHERIA.
The Mystery About the
Cause and Cure ol Diph-
theria, Pneumonia,
Whooping Cough, Small-
pox and AH Other Dis-
eases Has Been Solved.
The Antiquated* Barbaric, Un-
scientific Methods Employed
to "Cure Every 111 by a Dif-
ferent Pill" Have to Give Way
to the Scientific Treatment
Introduced b> Mr. William
Radam.
Facts of nature prove that tiers Is but
"ONE CAUSE FOR AT. I. DISEASES."
which is fermentation, produced by mi-,
crobea in the blood.
To destroy these microbes Is th© Infalli-
ble cure.
Mr. Wm. Radam has made a systematic
Investigation on this subject and discov-
ered that microbes cannot b© destroyed
by the use of drugs. Nothing but a pow-
erful antiseptic gas will destroy them ef-
fectually.
The reason why all disease treated with
drugs Invariably runs its course or be-
comes chronic is due to the fact that a
harmless antiseptic cannot bs compound-
ed of drugs or organic matter.
The only harmless antiseptic yet discov-
ered is "R. M. K."
Owing to its composition, which Is water
charged with harmless antiseptic gas, its
power of destroying microbes in the
human body without Injury to the sys-
tem is beyond dispute. In fact, that ques-
tion has been settled In several courts of
law long ago.
The phenomenal success of the health
authorities in preventing the spread of
contagious diseases forcibly demonstrates
that all diseases can be prevented and
cured by RADAM'S HARMLESS 'ANTI-
SEPTIC GAS TREATMENT, because it
strikes directly at the root of the evil.
Having briefly explained the cause and
cure of disease, the following instructions
will - enable any one to prevent and cure
every contagious disease, no matter how
deadly it may be, by the use of R. JI. K.
TO PREVENT DISEASE— A wineglass-
ful taken internally three or more times
a day will fortify any person against In-
fection. "We have yet to hear of the first
case where children or adults have con-
tracted disease who used the R. M. K. as
a preventive. -
TO CURE" DISEASE— Patients must
drink enough of the R. M. K. to permeate
the* system with the* antiseptic gas. The
quantity required varies with the disease.
All ; are cordially invited to call at our
office and see your own blood under a .
powerful microscope,* free. Circulars and
all information on the subject gladly fur-
nished.
RADAM'S
MICROBE KILLER CO.,
14T0 Market St..
. San Francisco.
Phone Mint 1455. '1 ~1T*rH
Can also be procured at
FIFTEENTH AND GUERRERO. 8. F,
OSGOOD DRUG CO., Oakland.
ENCINAL. PHARMACY. Alameda.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago, New York. Boston and all
Kastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address
Ij.- M. FLETCHER,
Pacific Coast Agent.
128 California St., San Francisco, CaL
SvisiT DR. JORDAN'S uutS
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ '^ZT ™ Th .5 L»f«t Anatomical Museum In the \
9 «SF3Sk *.«*!: J2 e ??? e ". es or *"* contracted^
m. W&EH * Kas »' Ml "" l 7 e«r»4 by the oldest f
© |B«] J>P«culist on the Coast. E»t 36 years. f)
S flSKS D3 * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A 1 $M*y»i t Consult "t°n free and strictly priTate. \
laf lift J*ntn» Curt in every case undertaken. V
a r fi llw w "tefor Book. rniLovarnvof A
\ II II • ««A»RJA*JK. MAILED FREE. I A Y
X (J (J TaluaWe book tor mm) \
f J)R JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. 5. 7 f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. I>TVIGORA-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER, AUFS & BRUNE. Agents. •
823 Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
fBS CHICHXSTER'S EilQUSH
Pennyroyal pills
DK. BALL'S RHNYIGORAT0B|R3nW|
. Stops all loses In 21 hours. Five LlL "Ttia
hundred reward for any casa we tEHM BOS
cannot cure. This secret remedy 3^
curea Emissions, Impotency flfrt rc3*J
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet PWWl K3W
Strictures. Drains. Lost Manl I?*!?! i7»TO
hood and all other wasting ef- ran] Cn*j
fects of self-abuse or excesses. C9C*w'igal
Sent sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles. 15: guaranteed
w aV cLc^? A ? IN , STITUTE . S56 Broad-
Market st.. S. F. Send for free book.
RRTTSHPQ F0R BARBERS. BAK.
Ull U Oil JUO er> bootblacks, batfl.
h-.~... v ' > hous «». billiard tobleau
brrwers bookbinders, candy-makers, cannen.
«yer». flotirmllls. foundries. laundrl««. pap«r-
nansera. printers, painters. »hoe factorial
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tattora. atOk
BUCHANAN BROS.,
'Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramont* s«
Doctor Coe Makes a Nominal Fee for t^e Crowds of People Who
Are Seeking His Services— All Persons Applying Before Febru-
ary 15th Will Be Treated for $10 Until Cured,. Medicines In-
cluded—This Does Not Mean $10 a Month, but $10 for a Com-
plete Cure— No Further Charge Will Be Made.
"When Doctor Co« established his prac- may with propriety be termed Na-tu-ro-
tlce In Ban Francisco he told the people pathic (nature's way), and cures with th f
that he would Introduce methods of cur- certainty of a fixed law V - L " co - Wlin l "»
Ing: them of which they were uninformed. .
Doctor Coe would like to treat every sick
person In California absolutely free, but «*»««»- «,*.;». .-. — ..__
even If be were a millionaire a hundred . CORRESPONDENCE
times over and could afford to do this, •>";"*. VM « t "- l » v '«—
the crowds that throng his Office have Many cases can be treated successfully
Bhown the Impossibility of It. While he at home. If it 13 Inconvenient or impos-
cannot treat all free forever, he can, how. slble for you to call at the Doctor's
ever, do one thing, and that Is this: Office, write a full and unreserved history
He will guarantee to treat all toms, and you wil" receive^in plain envell
persons applying at his office be- °j? e cn T r £ onest oplnlon . of your case « fre «i
fore February ,15 for the nominal - ?
sum of $10 until cured. That is, '_^ .„'„ . '.
I/I w'Uriuinli l/LHi lull " -¦.'
Tha different tissues of the body are • . . .-
tnade up of mlr.ute cells, and when these Tf~"W TrTW ]rf-^* >*-^w -w-*.
cells become disarranged from the lack fl M B^t m. & fl 1 B-O
of proper nutriment, disease Is the result. -™-'^\- J "-^^-* V/*Jf •
By supplying the proper nutriment to the c ,,, ( . , -
diseased cells, perfect health can be ob- :." auiic 4, •
fcained. All dlseasea. no matter how QAiZ irn&iaiw «am
thronic, can be cured by bringing the cells rfO J* **..*» ARJV TT ST.,
back to their normal condition. The " BAN FEAtfciseo
treatment used by Doctor Ooe la Fnot Allo- >¦. rB A«cisco.
pathle nor Homeopathic. It Is a treat- Office Hours: 8 JL'M. to JP.'lt Sun-
&*at based upon tb» laws of nature, and J days, JO ,A. M. tolP, M, - -
Catarrh Cured at Home
" liWi'iVllirtHffttr'ii.. r>r " Bloss ® r > wno nas devoted twenty-eight years to the treatment of catarrhal ' dis-
R2^*|j»i|Ep|||5!(|^^ , eases, has perfected the only satisfactorv treatment ever discovered for the absolute
Wm&ffl3&52*Sg^^' , ' cure of catarrh, catarrhal deafness, bronchitis, asthma and kindred diseases. He has
WffB^n^^^^^^^^t^ nad unparalleled success, having cured cases of 15, 20 and 25 j cars' standing, in which all
;• WMw^^^^^^m% . i other treatment had failed.
W/W^^^^^^^^^^ \ Hls favorit e remedy is now prepared for self-treatment, and is sent by mail direct
WM^^^^^^^^^^ \ to tne P a t le nt. It can be used In your home, office or about your daily work. It consists
W/^^^^^^^^^ \ of a combI nation of medicinal herbs, flowers, seeds and extracts. It is a perfect anti-
W^^^^^^^ \ dote for th e catarrhal poison or germ, and is perfectly harmless and pleasant in its effects.
IBF Wm Contains No Tobacco,
B«ni8§l§r //\ Dr - Bloss&r's Catarrh Cure contains no opium, cocaine, tobacco or any injurious
iSSsSSiif SjO&A drug. It is smoked in a pipe, and is thus converted into a dense medicated smoke
WfirrM 1 which is inhaled into the mouth, throat and lungs and exhaled through the nasal Das-
mm//> ¦) sages. The potent and penetrating extract of the remedy is thus applied directly and
Wg/f _^^<5*s3!8r5r I thoroughly to the affected parts in every cavity, cell and air passage in the nose, head,
No other me'thod or remedy can reach and cure catarrh in all parts of the air passages.
¦I 4hIS8BP$V ' p*> (M Samples Mailed Free.
«S "' \ rL_J£L vV l '**£$ Send us your address and we will send you by mail absolute
F0*i- ¦j^^7!r lft^i>S *fi^ •?) T3P C«V-Tft Iy free - a trlal Package of Dr. Blosser's Catarrh Cure and a
IS^.jSmmmSiSlaMlm^ 1 ' ' %fo$ J^kJj- • neat- little, pipe in which to smoke the remedy. a
tfyjgyM^*^. J** i^'Ji VV# ! Sf^ l r << »*'" l # i«>5!§?**^ Glve our free sam P le P- trial. It will cost you nothing' and
IWalFJr^' 35 \L JKj^Tv???*^ « CfiC^r-af. we will be pleased to have the opportunity to demonstrate to
|fffS£L>^ ; tt" fi > i<'-' "% V& "^2~ J*5rj you the effectiveness of our remedy. . You will find it Just as wo
|§f 4r~L , J&G*W*F s ~X! s^jf!Sm^Sm£^s&>~ *~- *4f represent it. Those who try the sample generally give us an
IsTyirS •' *fr sfc&*J&jii^^ lw **"* W We nave received thousands of unsolicited testimonials Tt
lv\3f\/ l M "*TwSQ»ir^ ij'CT jB cures 95 out of every 100 capes. Write us for a consultation
jfijul > i\. -V- ¦.'•¦•.¦•¦' «» v blank. We make no charsre for advice.
P« %^r V Tho Medicated I f Not for Sale by Druggists-
1 Geftl if ¦ l ir erMi'^lrA r B4*«;*%u'«-. ¦ 'If you need a remedy immediately and wish to 'Rive -oun 'a
I flMl -I* I SmOKG Reaches good, fair trial, send us at once $1.00 for our regular^box whicn
I J»TjJ/v/ . H fill the Air contains one month's treatment. • ¦ \ ' '
J Jpffli , | b— h£ibbbbhSS^^^' Dr. J. W. Blosser & Son,
; 342 Walton Street, Atianta, Ca.Resolved, That these resolutions be spread
in full upon the minutes, a copy sent to his
family and the public, press.
Fred Leffler, qontractor, San Francisco,
liabilities $6354 27, no assets; R. T. Powell,
fruit grower and -farmer, Colusa, liabili
ties $2027 35, no assets.
advocated such matters as would tend to Im
prove the city.
Resolved, 'That In his death we have sus
tained a great loss and the principles the
Municipal League represents will In future
miss a stalwart champion; and be It further
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yester
day in the United States District Court
as fellows:-
¦' "I presume," Mr. Blanchard said, "that
there will be an . investigation and the
truth will ,then come out. * It is a question
of .school discipline, .and not only my pro
fessional . record ; and .standing is at
stake, but also the interests of some 400
pupils. For that reason I prefer not to
discuss 'the^chargea ~at all, but to await
the official investigation."
Another phase of the trouble Is that
the next day after the boy's terrible pun
ishment the other boys In Hhe school
gathered in a i vacant lot as Blanchard
was passing by and. threw rotten eggs at
him.. Blanchard. is said to have incurred
the dislike of the pupils because at the
timV President McKinley was assassinat
ed he> called them "little" anarchists."
Roncovieri has instructed Truant Officer
Floyd. to aid Superintendent Webster in
his investigation and to secure such* evi
dence that Blanchard may be criminally
prosecuted if he be guilty of the charges.
i : Principal Blanchard declined last even
ing to make a statement concerning the
charges. . -'
Throw Eggs at Blanchard.
All these allegations are contained' In
the communication filed with Superin
tendent Webster by School Director Ron
covieri, who says that no immediate com
plaint was made because the boy's father
was sick in a hospital in Sacramento. The
first information on the incident was
given by Violet Chadburne and Annie
Mathesen, two pupils of Miss Lois Peck
ham's class, who, told the story to Direc
tor Roncovieri. Their tale was corrob
orated by Miss E. L. Perry, a teacher
In the same school, and also by Vice Prin
cipal -Moores. In fact, it is alleged that
every teacher knew of it.
Not satisfied with punishing Raggio in
this manner, Blanchard is said to have
ordered the doors ¦ of the classroom
opened and then beat the boy in' the hall
way so as to terrorize the scholars in ihe
various classes. The crying of the boy Is
said to have been pitiful, and the boy was
so humiliated that he did not return to
the school, . but was transferred to the
Wasnington ' I ¦ Grammar School. Miss
Fisher, in 'whose class he was put, and
Silas W^ite, principal of the school, both
say' that he is a good pupil.
Terrorizing Scholars.
¦ The specific ' accusation made against
Principal Blanchard is that he compelled
the boy, who had been playing truant, to
undress. : Blanchard then seized 'the boy
by< the neck, it is charged, threw him
across the chair' face- downward and ad
ministered a j terrible .beating across his
loins and bare legs with three rattans
tied '.at the handles. - ' . ;
School Director Roncovieri filed' a com
plaint yesterday with 'Superintendent of
Schools "Webster- to' the effect that Milton
E. Blanchard, principal j of the Hancock
Grammar, School, ,had . administered ex
cessive corporal "punishment to John
Raggio, a boy 12 years of age, who is a
pupil in the school * named. Roncovieri
has made, a preliminary: investigation of
the grave charge and requests Superin
tendent- Webster -to^begin an- immediate
inquiry and secure such evidence as will
either acquit or., convict Principal
Blanchard.
— _ _ ..
Instructs Superintendent to
\ Investigate Conduct
of Principal.
Roncovieri Says Blan
chard Gave Boy
Cruel Beating.
GRAVE CHARGES
AGAINST TEACHER
Alleged. Bobber Caught.
Chief Wittman last night received a dis
patch from the Chief of Police of Stockton
saying that Charles Pippenburg, who is
wanted in thi3 city for robbery, was un
der arrest there.
One of Wittman's men will, leave this
morningr to bring him back. On September
16 last Pippenbursr, it Is claimed, held up
a friend named P. Hauk at Bush and
Kearny streets and robbed him of $150.
Last Wednesday the police were notified
that Knoblock was dying, and Glason was
taken to his bedside by Detective Freel,
accompanied by Louis Ward of the Dis
trict Attorney's office, to take Knoblock's
ante-mortem statement. He refused to be
lieve that he was to die and would not
make any statement/
The boys had been bitter enemies for
some time and It culminated In a fist tight.
Glason claims that he knocked Knoblock
down and In falling Knoblock's head
'struck against a vise, fracturing his skull.
On the other hand, it is alleged that Gla
eon struck Knoblock on the head with a
piece of Iron, fracturing his skull.
George Knoblock, the boy who had a
fight with John Glason, another boy,
about two weeks ago at the Eureka Boil
er Works, where they were employed,
died at his father's residence, 3318 Folsom
street, Friday night, and yesterday morn-
Ing Glason, who is only 14 years of age,
was booked at the City Prison on a
charge of murder. He had previously
been arrested on a charge of assault to
murder.
in the Eureka Boiler
Works.
Tatai Result of a Fight Between Boys
YOTTNG JOHN GLASON
BOOKED FOR MURDER
to the deceased the wishes of the wldo
will be considered In the carrying out <
the arrangements for interment. D<
ceased left an estate valued at betwee
$10,000 and $15,000.*, ;
Last evening the Mayor appointed the
following committee to make arrange
ments for the funeral of the late Super-
Visor; Dwyer: Supervisors Curtis, Con
nor, Booth, Wilson and McClellan. The
committee at once requested all officers
of the municipal government to attend
the obsequies. •
The funeral cortege will leave the late
residence of the deceased, 1320 Utah street,
at -9 o'clock Tuesday morning for St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Ala
bama streets, where services for the dead
will be conducted at 9:30 o'clock.
On Monday evening the committee an
nounces its intention of presenting suit
able resolutions to the Board of Super
visors relative to their late colleague and
there will also be a recommendation that
the meeting adjourn out of respect to his
memory.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Municipal League the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, We have learned with great sor
row of the death of L. J. Dwyer, a Super
visor of this city; and
Whereas, Mr. Dwyer has served this city
faithfully and honestly and has at all times
« No arrangements have been made ' for
the funeral, and while there ls r a desire
In political circles to pay marked respect
At the Builders' Exchange the news of
Supervisor Dwyer's death was heard
with sorrow and the executive board will
take action at its next meeting and ex
press Its sympathy with the bereaved
family and relatives. '¦ . ¦- ¦ ' •. .. . • . ;
Mayor Schmitz, on hearing of the death
of Supervisor Dwyer, at once ordered the
flags to be half-masted over the City
Hall. .
City Hall Flag Lowered.
In the. business world, in political life
and in social affairs Lawrence J. Dwyer
held the esteem of all who came In con
tact ' with him, and his death yesterday]
caused professions of profound regret on
all sides.
He was a strict adherent of the Cath
olic church and was active In the affairs
of St. Peter's Church; where he wor
shiped for many years. He was a cousin
of the Rev. Father Joseph McQuade and
numbered many distinguished clergymen
as his friends. ' .
Supervisor Dwyer was a member of the
Builders'. Exchange and was prominent
In the ranks of the . Ancient Order of
United Workmen, the Improved Order of
Red Men and the Young Men's Catholic
Union. . '
The late Supervisor was married four
teen years ago to Miss Alice Dowling,
who, with their son Lawrence, aged 14
years, and daughter Marguerite, . aged 8
years, mourn a beloved . husband and
father. Two sisters of the deceased,
Misses Annie and Lizzie Dwyer, also
mourn his loss.
Was Devoted to His Family.
During his two . terms of office Dwyer
advocated many measures for the Im
provement of the Mission district, 1 and the
residents In. that section of the city al
ways had a warm spot in their hearts for
"Larry" Dwyer, as he was familiarly
called.
In the recent municipal election Super
visor Dwyer was re-elected , and was
placed on the Committees on Finance,
Artificial Lights, Public Utilities and
Fire.
In January, 1900, Dwyer took his seat
as a member of the first Board of Super
visors called into being under the new
charter of the city and county of San
Francisco. His qualifications were Im
mediately recognized by his brother mem
bers on the board and he was appointed
chairman of the Committees on Streets,
Public Buildings, Fire, Public Utilities
and Artificial Lights.
At the earnest solicitation of his friends,
Dwyer ran for Supervisor at the munici
pal election in November, 1899. He se
cured a big majority over his opponent,
and resigned from the Senate in order to
attend to his duties as a member of the
Board of Supervisors.
Lawrence J. Dwyer affiliated himself
with the Democratic party early, in life
and served on many executive and county
political committees. In 1894 he asked the
confidence of the voters In Thirty
third Assembly District and was elected
to the State Legislature as, an Assembly
man. He served in the Assembly with
great credit to himself, and In 1896 was
elected Senator.
Served in the Legislature.
The late Supervisor was a prominent
figure In local politics and in the business
world. He was born in Boston, Mass.,
forty-two years ago, and came to this
city with his parents when ho was four
years of age. He was educated In the
public schools, and early in life learned
the trade of a painter. He rapidly went
to the front and soon after reaching his
majority was actively engaged as a mas
ter painter, employing a large force of
assistants, enjoying the patronage of lead-
Ing citizens until his death.
The severe cold developed Into pleurisy
and then into pleuTO-pneumonia, and de
spite the efforts of Doctors Lagan and
Gallway, death claimed the patient.
Through his earnest devotion to his pub-.
He duties, Supervisor Dwyer contracted
the fatal malady. On Friday of last week"
he attended a meeting of the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors,
though he was suffering from a severe
cold at the time and was advised to re
main in his home.
» ;
LAWRENCE J. DWTER. a mem
ber of the Board of Supervisors,
died yesterday at 1:20 p. m. at his
residence, 1320 Utah street, 'after
an illness of a few days' duration,
the Immediate cause of death being
pleuro-pneumonia.
Supervisor Dwyer's loss will be felt by
thousands who will sympathize with his
grief-stricken widow and two children, for
it is no exaggeration to state that he
numbered every one as his friend.
The San Francisco Architectural Club
held its first jinks last evening In the club
rooms at 1* McAllister street. The club
was organized in September last and Is
composed of young draughtsmen who are
employed in various offices of architects.
A. O. Johnson, president of the club, sired
the jinks and a pleasing vocal and Instru
mental programme was presented. Com
petitive designs for a club motto were on
exhibition in the rooms and the decision
of the judges was as follows: First prize.
C. T. Bolles; second prize, Fred C. Le
benbaum; third prize, Arthur O. Johnson.
Architects Open Clubrooms.
The death by asphyxiation of Court
Commissioner John J. Mone was declared
a suicide, and that of Eddie Sassaki, an
18-year-old Japanese, killed by an elevator
at 101S Larkin street, was held to be an
accident caused by his own carelessness.
In the case of the death of Frederick
Roller, shot by Thomas Flaherty on Jan
uary 2S, a verdict was rendered charging
Flaherty with murder.
The testimony was that the driver en
trusted the team to the care of a 14-year
old boy, named Leon Oppenheim, em
ployed by the firm as a messenger, and
that the boy had never driven the team
but once before the accident.
In the case of Mrs. Mary Seavler, killed
on January 27 by being run- over by 'a
horse and wagon belonging to Lebenbaum
& Co., the verdict was:
We censure the firm for not having a respon
sible utrson in charjre of eaid team.
We herevi-ith censure the Police Department
and Sheriff for not givinj better and prompter
medical attention to elck prisoners in their
care.
A Coroner's Jury yesterday handed In a
verdict of censure against the police de
partment and the Sheriff for the deaths
of Lawrence Randall and James Young,
prisoners in the branch County Jail, who
died of cirrhosis of the liver caused by in
dulgence In intoxicating liquors. The evi
dence showed that twenty-four hours had
elapsed after it became evident that the
men needed medical treatment before the
prison authorities sent for an ambulance
10 take the sick prisoners to the hospital.
The verdict in each case reads as follows:
Some of the newspapers ' in the south
entertain the idea that the biennial con
vention of the State League of Republi
can Clubs in San Jose next April is to be
a Flint demonstration. The notion is er
roneous. The indorsement of candidates
is strictly prohibited by the by-laws of
the league. The purpose of the conven
tion is to awaken party enthusiasm and
bring voters to the support of Republi
can principles. The convention at Los
Angeles in May, 1500, elected Alden An
derson president of the league and select
ed San Jose as the place of meeting in
1902. No doubt E. ,F. Preston, Frank H.
Short, E. B. Edson, E. P. Colgan. George
C. Pardee, Thomas Flint Jr., Henry T.
Gage, Harold T. Power and others who
have been mentioned as worthy to head
the State ticket may attend the big con
vention, and every one will be entitled to~
all the applause he can get. The orators,
among them General TV'. H. L. Barnes,
Samuel M. Shortrldge, D. A. McKlnlay
and George A. Knight of San Francisco,
John F. Davis of Amador, Judge Mc-
Klnley of Los Angeles, S. C. Smith of
Kern, Judge Melvin of Alameda and
many others of the guild eloquent, may
come In for the honors of applause. Mr.
Shortridge is already in training for the
April event. He goes to Bakersfield in a
few days to speak of Lincoln on the oc
casion of a celebration there in honor of
the great President's birthday.
State I«eague Convention.
I Just before the November election in
' San Francisco the machine programmers
predicted that the election of Wells would
be a great victory for Gage, but after the
defeat of their candidate the word was
quickly given out that the Governor's
friends took no hand in the fight. The
fact is well known that Johnny Macken
zie, Dan Kevane, Walter Parker and
others? were here helping Crimmins, Her
rin, Goldberg, Gunst, Lynch and Dibble
to boom Wells' candidacy. If Johnny
Mackenzie wants to make the next con
test in Santa Clara County a Gage fight
In advance of the primaries, let him make
an open announcement to that effect, 50
that Republicans who would be willing to
support another candidate for Governor
may fall in with Hayes of Rea.
The newspaper organs of the Gage ma
chine, believing that Johnny Mackenzie's
forces are likely to achieve a triumph
over the E. A. Hayes and J. W. Rea
factions in the San Jose spring election,
are now claiming that such a result would
signify a victory for Gage over Preston.
Flint. Pardee, Edson and all other Re
publican aspirants for the gubernatorial
nomination.
San Jose Spring Election.
It is gossip in political circles that the
readjustment of power in the board will
result in the displacement .of Charles Fay
from the position of clerk. All the
strength that the Democrats were able to
rally was put forward to elect Mr. Fay
as the successor of John A. Russell and
since that strength is diminished the in
dications are that Fay will not be re
tained. The fact is known to politicians
on the inside that Mayor Phelan in the
closing hours of his administration ap
pealed to Republicans through the agency
of Phil Crimmins for assistance in behalf
of Fay. Supervisor Boxton was asked*by
.Crimmins to vote for Fay. The request
was conveyed from Crimmins to the Su
pervisor by Ed Williams, who was re
cently deposed from his office of clerk
of the Justices' Court. The Supervisors
will probably deem it prudent to select
a clerk whose relations toward Crimmins
are not of a sympathetic character.
The place In the Board of Supervisors
made vacant by the death of L.. J. Dwyer
'will be filled by appointment. The charter
vests the appointing: powfi) in the Mayor
! and at the proper time Mayor " Schmitz
will doubtless exercise his prerogative.
It is the impression that the Mayor will
appoint some candidate on the late ticket
of the Union Labor party and the choice
! la not likely to fall on one who stands
¦ a good chance of winning' a seat in the
I board by a recount of the votes.
Delay of Twenty-Four Hours
in Removing Sufferers
to Hospital.
Supervisors May Elect Clerk
Not in Sympathy With
Bossea
Successor of L. J. Dwyer
Can Be Named by
Mayor Schmitz.
Coroner's Jury Finds
Sick Prisoners Are
Neglected.
FAY MAY LOSE
HIS SOFT JOB
BLAMES SHERIFF
AND THE POLICE
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, ;SUNDAY;EEBRIJARY 2, 1902:
and Is Prostrated With Pleuro-Pheumbnia Which Ter
minates Fatally, Bringing Grief to Relatives and Friends
While Faithfully Attending to His' Duties He Contracts Cold
SU PERVISO R DW YER DI ES
AFTER A SHORT ILLNESS
SUPERVISOR WHO PASSED AWAY AT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY YES
TERDAY AFTERNOON AFTER A BRIEF ILLNESS, DEATH FOL
LOWING AN ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA.
i
27
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Send Name and Address To-Day-«You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME. '
How any man may quickly cure himself after been . extraordinary. It has completely braced
years of , suffering . from sexual weakness, lost me up. l' I am Just as vigorous as when a buy
vitality, night losses, varicocele. " etc.;. and en- al > d _y° u £? nn °J: re^' z ,l^ o^ h £ P S y v. 1 ' am ;",, ' j
« _»« .^.oii mooirnrrami tn fnii- .i,. 1 or *A ,Ho.«- * Dear Sir— Your method worked ¦ beautifully,
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor., R eEU lts,were exactly what I needed: Strength
Simply send -your name.and address to Dr. L. and;, vigor; have completely- returned and en-
W. Knapp, 1378 Hull building.;, Detroit, *, Mich.', largement Is entirely satisfactory." . : .
and he will, gladly send- the ; free ".receipt with .'• "Dear. Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full directions so that any man may easily euro trouble In making U3e of the receipt as directed
himself at home/. This is certainly a most gen- and can truthfully, say it U a boon to weak
crous offer,"; and the ' t ollowing v extracts taken men." I am ' greatly improved ' in aize. , strength
from his ; daily., mail show what. men think of and. vigor." ••''..;:. i,-, 1 ' ¦-.': ¦ r.^
¦hlsgenerloslty: i . . , .-' , i - All correspondence Is strictly. • confidential,
/. ."Dear; Sir— Please acoept my; sincere thanks mailed In plain, sealed .envelope. The | receipt
.for youra : of recent date. I have given- your Is free for the asking and he wants every, man
treatment a thorough test and tho benefit has to have it.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. "
«-.-- - - . — ¦ —
The longer you delay in giving
ycur weak stomach the aid it re-
quires, the more serious becomes
your condition. Obtain a bottle
of ,Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at
once, as it is the best medicine in
the world for stomach complaints.
It will. tone up the system, steady
the nerves and cure belching 1 ,
flatulency, indigestion, dys-
pepsia and malaria, fever and
ague.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACHBITTERS
STARTS
WITH A COLD.
Catarrh is a //^^^^g
lingering cold ; // f^^^^l
which refuses j 'A
to yield to or- 'v(vfei "^®m
dinary treat- \'/$ljf |1
Catarrh usually starts with a cold tn the
head and if left unchecked In this climate
rarely cets well of itself.
As fresh cold is taken the disease spreads,
getting deeper and deeper, creeping along the
mucous membranes from nose to throat, from
throat to windpipe, from windpipe to bronchial
tubes and from bronchial tubes to lung cells.
The mucous membranes all connect, one with
another. Hence it Is easy to spread from on«
part to another lined with this came membrane.
This is why catarrh in tiie head soon affects the
throat and finally the stomach itself, bringing
on chronic catarrh of the etomach, which Is a
most obstinate form of dyspepsia.
Everybody is now well agreed that catarrh Is
a blood disease and not a local one, and the at-
tempt to cure by local applications simply gives
temporary relief from the purely local symp-
toms without the remotest effect in staying the
progress of the disease.
There is a new preparation recently offered to
the public that is apparently destined to do
away with every other form of catarrh treat-
ment.
This new remedy is not a secret patent medi-
cine, but is a large, pleasant tasting tablet com-
posed of Bloodroot. Red gum from the Zucalyp.
tus tree, end other valuable aad hanniees Epe-
ciflcs, which are taken Internally and seem to
have a remarkably beneficial effect upon the
blood and mucous membranes, apparently elimi-
nating the catanhal pcison trom the whole
Hjrateoau
These tablets, while being pleasant, conven-
ient and absolutely safe to use, have made
. cures In long standing cases of catarrh that
are little short of maivelous. They are sold by
druggists under name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, and any catarrh sufferer who has tried
inhalers, lotions, ointments, salves, etc., and
realized their inconvenience and ueelessness
will fully appreciate the difference between a
mere palliative and a permanent cure after giv-
ing Stuart's Catarrh Tablets an impartial triaL
All druggists sell them at 60 cents for full
eized package, end no matter where the catarrh
Is located, in the bead, throat, lungs or stom-
ach, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets will surprise you
with the effective result of even a few days use.
XO THE PUBLIC.
I have been wonder-
/V- 4^-iTM^ fully cured cf fits and cf
fc2j#"* J **2J hip trouble by the fa-
W&* v roous herb doctor, Wong
«££:e: f Him. of 115-117 Mason
f/ \y^ I ¦ st - S. F. I was nearly
' jft'-g^ J dead when I came to
/§^" / him and the fits I had
yf*V$iii/v»^ W(re dreadful, but I am
>£$L »^ >Jh!^V enjoying perfect health
f rT i -*r>i-«*SW»^» now. I can tell any on»
- g gSfaa^8,yB> of the wonderful cures
>**wi«».v he has made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sutter County. Cal..
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all
my ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTY,
Meridian. Sutter County, CaL
January 21, 1002.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6. 1900.— To whom
V-'J^Z concern: This Is to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason et. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word, and an honorable
man in all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY
Dentist, 002 Second ave.. Seattle, Wash.
December 15. 1900— This Is to certify that I
§was Buffering: for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
tide. I tried a number cf doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
J15-117 Mason et.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
' sufferers may be relieved, and I will be g-lad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
i call upon me at my residence.
V MRS. JOHN ALLANSON,
ave.. Elmhurst, Alameda County. CaL
. ' ; ¦¦ ' '£$J.i'S : xU- ; !i " ADVERTISEMENTS. _
>— ~~— ~ rl - 1 _^ 1J -. 1 - J>^ . -^ -^-^ — . ~~f i^~- — x
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBBBHBHIHB^nBaBHBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBiraBBa
I —-STERLING FVRMTUBE= |
m ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ • - ¦ ' ¦ 5
I :-r*\ : " Good .M.ornin(£! F
a '$$${ \" p§^3^^^^ > y Handsome velour |j
1 vWi \ i^m^^^^^ \ In cushions, solid cs
M mP^ Vs* ited to j cannot fin mail 5j
g'. '•"•-* — ' 777^,7^ 1
I Tabourets' for asong ! 50c In * *jr^ I
3 Buys this pretty one in solid oak. ' - : v jjn ' '^u\ ' -S
3 Tops are all double and some of them are & // ffiW K
9 quarter-sawed. Shelf below, and the legs are If Jf -¦¦ ¦*; r\ AAjL Ei
| strong and firmly secured. if W' ii «n W "
| A few of the same pattern in mahoganized « \n
S birch. Same price. *£ If ,. ,. I*— \\ S!
a 5W> mail orders. i JlKy. ~=^i V^ Bl
= ' EJ
m Our drapery room js the prettiest in town. Worth a visit, and you're §
g just as welcome looking as buying. . |1
| — ; — ¦ ; ¦ — B
g * 'Vfifc Yov can buy this pretty |
1 Jgmk rocker four different ways. |
g Golden oak or mahofranized birch, g
a /^w^jJ^^UJ X$\-4ibJ~sM anc * comes with polished wood seat3 a
a (naL vM' ll Mp^fiS/ 17 or co bbler scats in both woods. 3
B \m llill * t>s one °* t^ ie new sty k roc kers that S
" /fffld )\>U(j$ have flat banisters in the back instead g
0 < f\|! ¦ eSfStftfiS' of spindles. The banisters are hand- B
0 tin iVvvu ~^ylff somely engraved and give the rocker a 2
3 J |ot smart and stylish appearance. jg
B // £^g^2T~ly Our price for any of the four styles, B
B . ... B
B ¦ — — B
| Splendid full *£t1T|A V^55^^x "
¦ clipper couch, *P"»V^ g
£3 1 ffhMOT -__^ _ I'; "¦'¦,-¦ ¦ ¦ Jj-Egj^p B
S Handsome carved oak base. Th'c coverings are of velours, solid col- M
H ors and figured, prettily tufted. |l
gj It has a heavy canvas lining and«is supported by thirty tempered y
H steel springs. . H
S3 The picture is accurate, but you'd better see the couch. A courteous H
ES salesman will gladly explain the merits of our couch construction. B
¦ whether you want to buv or not. M
B . . ¦
S We'd bt glad to have you opm an account with. us.
g You cm make the payments to suit your convmience. . S
f STERLING Furniture Company I
| 1039 MARKET, OPPOSITE McALLlSTEB. 1
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBa 8
in the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
California Limited
gleaming With Its real electric lights. It races from
San Francisco to Chicago la three days
'•/
-: -Offers you^heservkeofv / $5. '/
optical experts and -makes : : \ T h e . w "/JffL A , „ . n mKMo
VOUr giaSSeS XO Orucr ax- 4 cuaranteed to poueaa all ti«
' , ' /¦ ' :"'-'*.. ' ¦ curative properties et the expensive belts
moderate COST. ¦ ; • now sold by doctors and druMtfsts. It flvea
•-- ••; _\1:.- '¦ ' ••. <->¦; -" - a very strong current of electricity and la
¦,'Vi"^ ¦'¦;¦ '¦ t '* " '¦ A '¦ ¦ a '" >• "#¦'•'¦ - •aslly reculated. Bound to supersede.
\y /t\ ' . • >/X *•/'-•'*• VJ fjL JL '<¦ ethers. Can be had from the undersigned
-rVW/HMlJ/fcilJt/rtW&WS only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Clr-
40k Mi/7vllf/P\AMMf'nVrVL *. m \ ir free. Call <* iddress PIEKCE ELEC-
• -.1 «. ! '_- #v" »^^ - - "" l';'' : TRIC CO.. 20d Pos* st.. Saa Francisco, or
v/042 (Market S-riL/ »«^ d^-^ Yo^ _
"^¦^'^^^^ WONQ WOO,Sendfe Firm Communication
to the Board of Super
§J£ visore.." ;
Good Government Olub
Objects to Racetrack -
"Bill. \</r"
CITIZENS VOICE
STRONG PROTEST
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF SALE
SIAN COUNCIL. Y. M. I.. WHICH
GAVE A BANQUET LAST NIGHT.
THE SAN: JFK ANCISCO CALL, FEBRUARY 2, 1902. /
Dr. Geo. Stallman, Dentist. 120 Sutter st.*
The lecture was illustrated with stere
optlcon views of the great parks of the
world, and he told in detail how the work
of man had supplemented the handiwork
of nature. Some of the views were highly
appreciated, particularly those of Golden
Gate Park. ..which the lecturer said would
in time become the most noted municipal
park In the world. He further said that
with the natural resources of the western
slope of the continent its possibilities were
unlimited.
"Art In Landscape Gardening" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last night
by Oscar A. Prager-Wlhdshagen, B. A.,
at the Mechanics' Institute. The lecturer
spoke about the natural con figurations of
landscape as a basis upon which to lay
the foundation for a landscape scene
where nature had not provided the oppor
tunities. He said that the artist could
lay out a scheme on apparently barren
wastes and evolve a garden "fit for the
gods." ¦ •
chanics' Institute.
ject of Lecture Before Me-
Art of Landscape Gardening Is Sub-
PICTURES GREAT PARKS
OF WORLD ON SCREEN
It la said that the Rev. Dr. Edward
Everett Hale of Boston has attended
every annual meeting of the Boston Fe
male Asylum directors for forty-six years.
«"!Mw^a^
STOCKTON, Feb. 1.— Shortly before 10
o'clock to-night rain commenced falling.
UP to midnight .30 of an inch had been
recorded and it Is still coming down. The
indications are for a heavy storm.
SEEKS REINSTATEMENT.— Ben Levy, a
traveling salesman, petitioned for a writ of
mandate yesterday compelling: Golden Gate
Council No. SO of the United Commercial Trav
elers of America to restore him to member
'shlp. Levy was expelled from- the order last
August. - ;-_-.'¦"
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough. fiO cents at all druggists
The Florodora Social Club, composed of
the younger set of the Mission • district,
gave its first dance last night at Native
Sons' Hall, on. Seventeenth street, near
Valencia. The attendance was good and
the young people thoroughly enjoyed
themselves.
Florodora Club Gives Dance.
Opens Modern Cafe.
Yesterday the Original Vienna Cafe,
Ea.kery and Restaurant, formerly at 205
Kearny street, opened its new place at
133 O'Farrell street, next the Orpheum.
In detail and, convenience the new place
is most modern of its kind. •
JUDGE GRAHAM REFUSES lO
TO TAKE CRIMINAL CASES.
N. Deuprey.
Porter Ashe has been appointed Assist
ant District Attorney, vice Eugene N. Deu
prey. The announcement was made by
District Attorney Lewis Byington last
night. Mr. Ashe will commence the per
formance of his duties to-morrow.
He Is Appointed Assistant District
Attorney. to Succeed Eugene
Frustrated Thereby. " «
Superior Judge Graham, through the
IMstrict Attorney'* office notified Presid
ing Judge Cook yesterday that he djd not
desire any more criminal cases sent to
his department at the City Hall for trial.
Judge Graham's courtroom Is not fitted
lor the accommodation of cases of a crim
inal nature, and he so notified Judge Cook
at the close of the first criminal case as
signed to him. There is no Jury-room
connected with his courtroom, neither is
there a room where the witnesses called
to testify can remain until their services
are needed.
The Board of Supervisors is responsible
for this action on the part of Judge Gra
- ham. Judge Cook upon his election as
1'resjding Judge announced that he would
eend cases to the various Judges irre
spective of whether they were *ivil or
criminal. The board adopted a resolution
directing that no criminal cases should
be tried in the City Hall, because the Hall
of Justice had been selected for the loca
tion cl the cnxninal courts. Judge Cook
contended that criminal cases might be
tried anywhere, and assigned several
cases to Judge Graham to show that he
meant what he sa'd. The lack of suit
able pccommodations. however, is liable
*o prevent Judge Cook from carrying out
liis plans, and it is hardly probable that
any changes will be made by the Board o'
Supervisor*. ,-•-
Lack cf Accommodations 'Is the
Reason Given — Cook's Plan
POKTEB, ASHE WILL ' . r
1 . : PROSECUTE CRIMINALS
There survive, Mr. Venton, who was a
nat.ve of England, P2 years of age,' M-'s
\enton, two daughters and a son.
: The very solemn and impressive cere
i mor.y was begun by the. singing of "Abide
| With Me," by the California Council
quartet, after which the service of the
Methodist Episcopal church was read.
The chaplain or the council offered up a
j fervent prayer, which was followed by the
quartet rendering "Nearer, My God/ to
; Thee." Then the several officers delivered
their part of the burial service, the quar
tet chanting responses as each ."officer
j closed. Then the officers and members of
the council and of other counclls~marched
around the casket, which was covered
with the national emblem, on which rest
ed great bunches of sweet violets and fra-
I grant pale pink roses, and as each neared
the head of the casket he deposited upon
it. a sraallsilk American flag. The ser
vice closed with the singing of "The Va
j cant Chair." The remains were then con
{ veyed to the Odd Fellows' Cemetery for 1
cremation. ¦ .. ,
* The funeral of the late Arscott Venton.
who for a number of years Held a prom
inent position in the. clerical department
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
tcok place yesterday from the late re'si
| dence of the • deceased, 628 Halght street,'
! under the auspices of California Council
of the National Union. The service, one
-of the most beautiful of any fraternal or
ganization, was conducted by. A. H.
Kingsford, president of the council, as
sisted by the other officers and J. N. Bunt-
I ing. State deputy.
fornia Council, National Union,
Over Late Arscott Venton. ..
Impressive Funeral Service by Cali-
FLAGS AND VIOLETS
COVER THE CASKET
William Dempsey, 'an /ex-coiivict, 'was
arrested last, night ; by Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea and locked up in the tanks.
Wednesday night, it is claimed, Dempsey
broke Into James . Young's planing mills
at Beale and Mission streets and stole
a lot of v tools valued at over $100. Two
weeks previous he entered the place of the
Mahoney brothers at Brannan and Fifth
streets and got away with about $200
worth of tools. Last night he was caught
selling part of his plunder and placed un
der arrest. Dempsey admits his -guilt and
says he will, plead guilty to the charge in
the hope of getting off with a light sen
tence.
Tool Thief Caught.
•We are winding up the 'great sale, of
Falrchild's shoes. We still have about
1500 pairs left, which we will dispose of
at 20c. 40c and 50c a pair. All sizes in
some lines. ; "We urge you not to delay
Monarch Shoe Co., 1422 Market street. •
Shoes at 20c a Pair.
Madame Nordica intended spending sev
eral days at Santa Barbara, but. the
weather .was so cold that she finally de
cided to come direct to this. city. She
will be here about ten . days and during
that time she will give several concerts in
this city. ' . ¦ ' , : - ¦
She is accompanied by her ; sister,' Mrs.
"Walker Romayne Simons, her manager
and a retinue of servants. ; .
j Madame Nordica, the ' famous opera
singer, left her car early yesterday.morn
ing and took apartments at the Palace
She refused to be seen and sent back
word tl^at she was greatly fatigued from
her traveling and was taking, a rest.
Kef uses to Receive ,"Any
¦;'¦>. Callers. .
Noted Singer Arrives in th« City^ but
MJIE. N0RDICA SEEKS -" ; '
, SECLUSION IN PALACE
Kev. Q. C. Redahan, chaplain; Ed Lertora,
past president: J. M. Campodonlco, president;
JohnjV. Craviotto. first vice president; Henry
C. Costa, second vice president: Louis Ferrari,
recording secretary: S. B. Fugazl. financial
secretary: A. O. Rossi, treasurer; Mario 'G.
Forno, marshal; Camlllo Marzo. insid« sentinel-
John Delucchl, outside sentinel; executive com
mittee — John Cuneo. John L. Oliva; Frank
Plnaglia: medical examiners — Dr. F. Bonino
Dr. D. Bacigalupl. Dr. A. H.- Gianninl.
order, -was unable to be present and front
a letter of regret. .
The vocal and instrumental programme
consisted of selections by Dr. F. Bonino,
Henry Coata, Thomas Galassl, Mario For
no, John Porporato. Victor Cagliero and
John Cuneo. . ¦. . : ...... -..,.... .:„
Following are the officers who were
hosts at the banquet: . •; ; •'
John Hammond, a sailor, appeared at
the office of Chief of Police Wittman yes
terday and reported that he had been
robbed of $50 and a' valuable watch in the
Red. Light lodging-house at the corner of
Pine and Dupont streets, yesterday morn-
Ing. According to Hammond's story he
was escorted • to .the place by another
sailor, who robbed him.
Bobbed in Lodging-House.
Nolan &' Co., who for many years have
conducted ashore store, corner Seventh
and Market streets. Odd Fellows' buiid
ing, have moved across the street to the
new Callaghan building, where they have
a more commodious store. A new stock'
has been bought for their new location
and they will be pleased to welcome their
old patrons in their new quarters. •
Changed Their Location.
¦ The following, members will appear be
fore ' the board '. on Monday to formally
protest against the passage of the Lynch
bill: Dr. F. G. Balrd, C. A. Brown, J. W.
Henderson* Dr. E. M. Bixby and Henry G.
Mathewson.-
. Resolved. That we appoint a committee of
five of our members to present this protest be
fore the Board of Supervisors at its meeting on
Monday next, or at adjourned meetings, when
said bill may come up for consideration.
Whereas, The support of said bill is being
drawn - lareely from the elements who care
more for gambling and the things which make
for violation of law than for the things which
make for the social and moral welfare of our
city, and also its best financial interests; there
fore, be it
Resolved. That we. the executive committee
of the Good Government Club of San Francisco,
acting in behalf of said club, record our public
protest to the passage of the proposed Lynch
bill; and
Whereas, Said bill,' 'If passed, would be in
substance what thousands of our best citizens
time 'and again have vigorously opposed, be
cause it would open the gates to all the evil
and pernicious influences of racetrack gam
bling in our midst; and
the Lynch bill, the 'purpose of which is to re
open the Ingleslde racetrack for a period of
sixty racing days in any one year; and -¦
Mrs. E. U. Darling, who was robbed of
diamonds and Jewels to the extent of
$10,000. now offers a reward of $300 for the
recovery of the property and an addi
tional reward for the capture of the
thieves. The detectives had definitely
traced the theft to Stevens and Sanchez,
as a diamond bag, in which the valuables
were carried away, was found in Stevens"
room.
Offers Keward for Jewels.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nraralgt*.
Drussists. Me flask. Richard & Co. 40* Clay, +'^
8 o'clock this evening and haa been fall-
Ing steadily ever since. This part of th»
valley was already In fair condition, and
the present precipitation Insures good
crops.
; SAN JOSE, . Feb. L— Light rain began
falling /here at 9 o'clock to-night, and at
10 o'clock the downpour was quite heavy.
The rain was timely and will be received
with joy throughout the county.
sures Good Crops.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. L— Rain began at
With Ground Already in Good Condi*
) .: tion t the Precipitation In-
STEADY TALL OP RAIN"
?*' AT HTTEBI0B POINTS
OFFICERS ARE HOSTS
AT PLEASANT BA NQUET
Members of Salesian ; Coun cil, Young Men's Nns'Jiutei Enjoy
a, Pieasant Evening Arcund the Festal Board---C:ever
Speeches and -.Sweet; Music While. Away Fleeting. Hours
"Young Men's Institute." Louis Ferrari
"Pro Dlo." Rev. Father l>empsey: "Our Coun
cil," J. M. Campodonlco; "Pro Patria," T. J.
Klerce; "The Occasion." Dr. A. H. Glanninl;
remarks. Rev. B. Redahan. . ,
D.- J. -O'Leary, , grand president of the
ganization. The affair was held
in a downtown rotisserie and more than
sixty sat down to the bounteous repast.
The banquet celebrated the first anniver
sary of the council. Its success will lead
to other affairs of the kind in the futuro.
Inuring the evening the guests were
treated to sweet music, and clever
speeches. S. B. Fugazi was toastmaster
and he called upon speakers to respond to
the following toasts: ¦;.¦.. '
A BANQUET was tendered : th«
members of Salesian Council No.
5G5. Young Men's Institute, last
night by the officers of that or-
• . Gentlemen :.' Whereas, on Monday next, Feb
ruary 3, 1002,. there will come before your hon
orable body to be acted upon, a "bi'd known as
,The executive committee j of the Good
Government Club of this city held a ape
dal'meeting yesterday to ve;'-o its protest
against? the passage of ,,the. ordinance to
reopen the Ingleslde racetrack. After
some discussion the following communi
cation, signed by President John ..-'"W.
Rogers, and "Secretary George B. Little
fleld," was drawn up and sent to the Board
of 'Supervisors: ; " ¦ . -w-
INEW
WASH FABRICS
We will place on sale tills week 85 cases
New Wash Goods, and will show complete
lines of the following?
NEW CHEVIOTS-^
•/ 150 pieces 32-lnch SCOTCH SHIRTING CHEVIOT.
These come In stripes and plain colors, also plain
white. . -:-
Price 25c Yard
NEW WASH CREPES-
250 pieces JAPANESE WASH CREPES, 30 Inches
wide. These are in a great varleto of stripes,
checks, plalls and plain colors.
Price 15c and 25c Yard
NEW DIMITIES-
275 pleces^FlNE PRINTED DIMITY, 30 inches wide.
These are In stripes, dots and flaures, dark, me-
dium and light grounds.
Price 10c Yard
NEW GALATEAS-
. 10 cases ENGLISH GALATEAS In hlues, reds, tans,
hlaGk and white, also solid colors. These goods
are 29 Inches wide.
Price 15c Yard
NEW PERCALES- . 1
15 cases 36-lnch PRINTED PERCALES (extra dual-
ity). These -are. in dark, medium -and light
grounds and all new stnles.
Price I2Kc Yard
NEW GINCHAMS-
25 ;cases Genuine CHAMBRAY GINGHAMS In
stripes, checks, plaids and fancrj ¦ colors* There
is an elegant assortment of these goods.
Mall Orders promptly and carerullrj executed, anl
samples forwarded free to anu address.
9 -^
Wf&wttftS, ...
HI. 113. 115. 117.; 119, 121 POST^STREET.
EXPERT OPTICIAIT. v
; CITY EDITOR
Of the Catholic Ladles' Home Journal of Ban
Francisco- writes: -: ¦;.'..
TO -WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: ,
I can conscientiously recommend Mr. George
Mayerle, • the . German Expert Optician, to. any
one troubled with Weak Eyes or Poor Sight. - I
consulted several eye specialists • In Europe,
which were rated among the best In the world,
and I can truthfully say that the glasses fitted
to my eyes by Mr. George Mayerle far excels
air results previously obtained.
(Signed) y LOUIS.. W.PASKUMCH.
': : From General WiLlim B. Shifter.
Mr. Geo. Mayerle,- San ; Frandsco— Dear Sir:
The glasses made by you received yesterday. I
have never been better. fitted than with this
pair. Very truly yours, - •
: • WM. R. SHAFTER,
r , Major General, U. S. A.
MANY SIMILAR TESTIMONIALS.
j&S^ NOTICE!
NIO-tCi^D E7E8IGHT AFFECTS THE BEAIH
Mayerle' s Glasses canont be had from any
traveling optician. THE GENUINE must be
ordered direct from GEORGE MAYERLE,
Graduate German Expert Optician, 1071 Mar-
ket street, near Seventh. San Francisco. Tele-
phone South 572. German Eyewater." 50c. • Mr.
George Mayerle has no Branch Stores, nor does
he employ any traveling opticians to represent
him.
GEO. MAYERLE'S GLASSES STRENGTHEN
THE EYE AND BRAIN.
All Prescriptions or Mall Orders for Superior
Quality Eyeglasses should, be addressed direct
to George Mayerle, San Francisco.
CUT THIS OUT. ft
|85!^^8!^^^i|8^HSi^S^^^i Corsets j
I ONE LOT ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS (NE LOT ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS ONE LOT ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS I
1 Ver^JSE^^tf^lvc^Si P ° n f e V k; 11<; rl very Fine silk brocades/ Reduced from 5 6 1
I H^^Stiic^^d^dtt- Heavy silk serge,^ boned with.real Mad, .< good-quality^sateen^heavy- i
| J5to$ 3 . : . - : s •¦¦¦•.¦¦¦¦,¦¦ •¦Mrhalebone; whit; and Hack. Rlduccd ; corde d hips, suitable for stout figures; ¦ H
1 ONE LOT ROYAL W0RCFSTE3 CORSETS % , ; .. V ' drab onl^ Reduced from $1.50 to 75 c;|
I (Lot 526.) Fine coutil', well boned, C^ElOf ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS ONE LOT RIVAL WORCESHR CORSErS |
JS - with gocd heavy s. eels. ; White and ; Heavy sateen, extra well bone J.' Re- ¦Short .hips with gores; white and If
a dr^b. Keduced from $ 1.50 to 50c. duced from $2 to ¦;$u . : " %/:[ ' drab. Reduced fiom $1.25 to 60c. - 1
I .3000 pairs travelers' Samples, some: more- or less soiled: -Many perfect Latest i
§ : drench Models.reduced toa^c; 50c, 7^c and $1. ..-Best sizes;:all;colors. 1
I Verymuch,less thanthe^ost of manufacture. ';,. \\ ; :; ; 1
I Chester F.\\^ri^ht Corset Parlors^ I
I No. 6 GEARY STREETi^pr. Kearny St; n K» I
I '¦¦- '^"- > ' ¦'¦'.. ""* 53 «3th .Street, Oakland. .-'- ;¦ ¦ _ -. \ J • — *H
ffsk yW perfection OFirfl ;fel
I 1 W V^ HYGIENIC .Jfij .fif-XA
\\ FOR MEN rj
tt'l Is Q* m 2. st P erfect embcdlment of hygienic principles In shoe- I*-fl
\'\ making. They are constructed according to the correct anal- 111
S.I omy of the foot and therefore fit equally well Jn every Dart— fit I'M
\\ sn " gl y but not "tightly —look right and feel right when you put i /•#
*.-% them on and maintain your approval till the last. I'»M
f'i V-% 8 and 11 SANSOME STREET M-l \'\
i-i l'*.'-^' • Factory: .134-126 MAIN STREET. J'':'M \\
/:¦'/ s- ¦ M" "*^^. • *' your dealer does not' carry the ''jt"'w ' ' \'*\
#•/.* < M'.' ' •£ »*^k . PHIT-U Shoe, write directly to the - '•'%¦'¦ -A
B-'l- f\.-"jKL? • i^_ • manufacturers. Delivered to any ¦ -Jt- ' % '»•' V-*
f' I fci^-'.^^f .^^ Part of the United State» or Can- JT~ .Jr\'\"^. ¦» •¦
1* -«r^»,'-- \ Tk- -^^ada on receipt of $4.00. jf* > '2T *' Jm& I'*!
fi-^V^ Al'l^A': T^^Jftrlte for Catalogue -• jsLj! •'if^lsM.' I
ADVERTISEMENTS. ';.._ ;'V- --¦--''
j! AND WE ALL ADORE HER. \
f That's thai smart hat you sec pictured above, becoming to mast
every one A snarl, dashing hat affair. JTie new spring idea in t
I b".ccK and in the blue pearl. : ' : |
s Hat stores would charge you dovblc the money lor it, and even 3
5 • more. - . . • ' . ¦ . • . • "-.)¦'.' S
| : With vs'in'ovr popvlar Man's Hat Department at . S;
I <zor^ Kear Ay Street &
i XTxiiork (Square Avenu^i S
n 1 1 ii iiiTirnnrrirrirrnkeffiMiTiTniiTM^
¦N o w s£oins£ on
Sxiits, JacKets,
114-116 ftearnySt.THREE GUESTS AT THE ASSEM
BLY GIVEN BY THE AUXILIARY
OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS.
. PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 1.— News was re
ceived here to-day that the postofflce at
Morenci was robbed on Thursday night
of $500 in- cash, $250 In stamps and all the
rejristered mail. . \ ;:.,'•--¦,¦;
Morenci Postoffice Robbed.
The, factory sale of shoes will sell the
balance of odds and ends . In ladles' and
men's shoes, worth all the way f <-o m $2 50
to $3.50. for Just $1.00. This wlll.be" tho
last day for this $1.00 sale. The 1000 cases
of shoes that arrived here from St. Louis
will then be unpacked and everybody will
be • happy. Yet would advise the people
£?t£ ot v, so l i are £ ) ™ ed when they can buy
$2.50 shoes for $1.00 to-morrow at the Bee
Hive shoe sale, 717. Market St., near Third *
To-Morrow Morning
Overture. "Poet and Peasant" Sudds
"Old Kentucky Home." with variations for
all Instruments .. .. Dalbev
Chorus. "Wedding March" and finale' from
'/Lohengrin" ....... .'. Wntrner
"Gambrlnus Polka" ..Bill
March. "Where Old Glory ' Wave» f ;...'.Hlndel
PART II.
PART I.
Overture. "Un Concert, Sous Bois" Maye
"Humoresque Potpourri" , Krueer
"Austrian Hymn,", with Haydn's variations
"Hungarian Fantasia" Oertel
Selection, "Cn Ballo in Maashera" " Verdi
The following programme of music will
be rendered this afternoon at Golden Gate
Park, weather permitting:
Music at the Park.
Mrs. Daniels Ratified Realty Deal.
-'The transactions in realty, between K.
D. Marsh of the real estate firm of Burn
ham & Marsh and Mrs. Mary E. Daniels,
now an incompetent person, which were
mentioned In The Call of Friday, occur
red before the woman lost her ability to
transact ..business. The matter was
brought up before Judge Troutt yester
day arW Mr. Marsh testified . that he
bought the Taylor-street property in 1895
and sold it for Mrs. Daniels five years
later. The deal was ratified in writing by
Mrs. Daniels.
national Dances and Pretty Costumes
Afford Many Revelers a Night
of Enjoyment.
The Danmark and Helga branches of
the Society Danla gave their annual mas
querade, ball at Saratoga Hall last night.
The floor was filled with merry maskers
and all enjoyed themselves to the fullest
extent. Masks were removed at midnight,
just prior to the supper call, and many
were the surprises in store.
The affair was successfully conducted
under the direction of the following com
mittees:
Committee of arrangements — K. M. Boysen
J, M. Moller. J. D. Melnhard, J. C. Chri6*n-
Ben. H. R. Wilson. C. Bonde.
Floor manager. James A. Sorensen; assistant
floor manager, M. Holm. :
Floor committee — C. J. Kllnker, • Th. Heln
S. Andersen, C. W. Hansen.
Reception committee — James Madison, E.
Boes, Jacob Petersen, G. SHlesen. ;
Most of the music rendered was of a
national character and between the dances
some of the. national dances of Denmark
were Illnstrated.
Mrs. Nuttall and her . daughter, Miss!
Mrs. William S. Wood gave a delightful
tea" yesterday for her daughter, Mrs. C.
F. Welty of Cincinnati. More than three
hundred callers were received during the,
afternoon. The drawing-rooms were dec.-"
orated chlefly/with roses. Mrs. Wood was
assisted br:
Mrs." Robert Watt, Mrs. M. B. Kellogg. Mrs.
Clinton E. .Worden. Mrs. Oscar Fltzalon Long:.
MIbs ( Edith Pillsbury. Miss Katherlne Spiers,
Miss Ethel Lincoln, MiS3 Louisa Breeze, the
Misees Hamilton. Miss Evelyn Norwood.' Miss
Jean Mackenzie. Miss Helen Dean. Miss Kath
erlne Herrln and Miss Kelcey Paterson. )
Mrs. Frank L. M&thieu. Mrs. M. Hall Mc-
Allister. Mrs. Daniel T. Perkins. Mrs. Walte*-
Masee. Miss Berate Drown. Miss Lucille Al
lyne. Miss Bertie Bruce. Miss Katherlne Pow
ers and Mlis McEwen. and also Mrs. Freder
ick B. Lake, Mrs. Elwyn Lester, Mrs. Rob
ert Hooker. Mrs. Alta Low, Mrs. Laurance
Irving Scott. Mrs. William H. ¦ Taylor Jr.,
Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Miss Georpina Hopkins.
Mls« Leontine Blakeman and Mies Charlotte
E. EHinwood.
A large reception was given yesterday
by the- Sorosis-West at Miss "West's
Bchool, 2014 Van Ness avenue. Miss West
was the guest of honor and fully enjoyed
meeting her former pupils, who constitute
the Sorosis-West. Several hundred callers
were received during the afternoon. The
directors assisted in receiving. They
are:
• ,.-'• •
Mrs. Jacob B. Rawles, wife of Colonel
J. B. Rawles, U. S. A., and daughter, Miss
Rawles.^ntertained two hundred and fifty
of their friends yesterday at their Pre
sidio home. A delightful tea was the oc
casion for this gathering. The red dero
rations were especially pleasing and the
music was excellent. The affair was most
enjoyable. Tfcoso who assisted in receiv
ing were: Mrs. Lemon, Miss Marie Wil
son,- Miss Mary Tusabull, Miss Charlotte
E. Elllnwood, Miss Leontine Blakeman,
Mrs. Millar, Mrs. Kllbourne, Mrs. Reth
ers, Mrs. Todd, Mrs. White, Mrs. Burgess,
Mrs. Rumbaugh, Miss Andrews and Miss
White.
; Mrs. Charles K. Harley was hostess at
a tea yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock. Her home at 2319 Scott street
'¦was prettily decorated for the occasion
and everything was perfectly appointed.
The number of guests approximated one
hundred arid fifty. Those who assisted in
receiving were: Mrs. "Chester Smith, the
Misses Ida and Margery Gibbons, Daisy
Cartwright, Norma Castle, Leah Shlngle
berger, Julia de Laveaga. Ruth Gedney,
Mrs. Livingstone Jenks, Mrs. A. O. Ber
nard and Miss Stella Fortmann.
Mrs. David Blxler and tho Misses Hyde
gave a delightful card party at their resi
dence. Pierce and Union streets, yester
day afternoon. Miss . Turner of. Detroit
was g-uest of honor. Eighty ladies en
joyed the game of eucher and worked dil
igently for the handsome prizes. Refresh
ments were served and the afternoon was
a pleasant one in every particular.
• ¦•.--• . _' •
dred quests were received. The drawing
rooms were decorated - In . excellent taste
and the tea was very enjoyable. Those
who assisted in receiving were: Misses
Mattie Livermore. Daisy Van Ness. Edith
Simpson, Elizabeth Huntington and Lucie
Kins.
Many beautiful and artistic gowns were
vorn, many having the Parisian touch.
' ' ' :
The Chrysanthemums' dance last even
ing was a brilliant success. Long before
the festivities began every ticket at 318
Post street was sold, which of course ex
ceeded the fondest expectations. ' Fully
three hundred guests thronged Cotillon
Hall and it rec 'red all the tact of the
hostesses to pro 2e for their comfort' in
spite of the crush. Society was w«>ll rep
resented and the younger set was most
In evidence.
• • •
At the close of the exercises a general
reception was held in the adjoining par
lors. Lis;ht refreshments were served and
another pleasant hour was spent by hosts
and gruests. The tearoom committee was
composed of the following ladies:
Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Miss O'Callag
han. Miss Chenery. Miss Ayer. Miss Van
Dyke. Mrs. Samuel M. Shortridge, Mrs.
Esberg. Mrs. Peter Tiffany and Miss Lil
ientbaL
J. Hoyt To'.er, son of William P. Toler,
who raised the first American flag in Cal
ifornia at Monterey, on October <1S, 1842.
rendered two songs. One was "The
Secret." by J. Prindle Scott, and the other
£Ji old Spanish serenade called "La
Luna." H. O. Allen was the accompanist.
extemporaneously. Mr. Delmas traced the
history of events leading to Mexico's re-
Jinquishment of the Golden State up to
the present time. He told of California's
balmy climate, her verdant hills, laden
with minerals, and Its Increasing com
merce. The speaker paid a beautiful trib
ute to the pioneers, to whose hardihood
and never flinching- zeal this State owes
Its wonderful development. The address
was an eloauent one and moved the au
ditors to enthusiastic applause.
The^address was a scholarly one and
aside from Its historical value was full
of bright thoughts. The speaker spoke
D. M. Delmas was the orator of the
day. He spoke on "The Ceding of Cali
fornia by Mexico to the United States."
At the conclusion of his remarks Mrs.
J. E. Birmingham sang "The Water Lily,"
by Aldrich, and "My Love- Is Like the
Red, Red Rose," by Henschel. Her sing-
Ing 'was grreatly appreciated. Miss Grace
Jordan was the accompanist. Y J .
A reception committee composed of Mrs.
Henry L. Dodge. Mrs. Louis SIoss. Mrs.
Samuel W. Holladay, Mrs. Louis Aldrich,
Mrs. A. K. Cotton. Mrs. George H. Oulton.
Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs. Leander Van
Orden. Mrs. E. Burke Holladay. Miss
Helen Lowry, Mrs. A. A- Sargent, Mrs.
J. S. Wethered and Mrs. James M. Geeney
received the guests. Seats were placed in
the main ha.ll and at 3 o'clock, when the
exercises opened, every chair was taken.
The United States Marine Band, re
splendant in uniforms of red and gold,
discoursed music during the afternoon.
The programme opened with an invoca
tion by the Rev. S. H. Willey. This was
followed by an Introductory address by
Judge Aylett R. Cotton. The speaker
dwelt at length on the historical event
they were celebrating. He told of the
efforts of the pioneers and their children
to perpetuate California events and ex
pressed the hope that posterity would con
tinue to follow the precedent established.
general effect. The affair was strictly in
vitational. Despite the threatening
weather there was a large attendance.
DANISH SOCIETY HOLDS
ANNUAL MASQUERADE
Kadlne Nuttall, gave a pleasant tea yes
terday at Century Hall. Between 'the
hours of 4 and 7 o'clock many friends
were received and charmingly entertained.
PIONEER HALL, was crowded yes
terday afternoon with guests of
the Women's Auxiliary of the So
ciety of California Pioneers. The
occasion was the celebration of
the ceding of California by Mexico to the
United States. The anniversary of this
important event falls on February 2. but
the wives and daughters of the California
pioneers observed the historical event a
day in advance.
The hall in which the exercises were
held was beautifully decorated with flags,
flowers and greens. Palms added to the
\ ' ' ¦' '-.\- .. ¦ ¦' : V" ' . *
Women's Auxiliary of the Society of California Pioneers Observes
the Ceding of Great Western Territory by Mexico to the
United States With Exercises and aj General ¦; Reception
* ! : i- : — — *
CELEBRATES IMPORTANT EVENT
IN THE HISTORY OF CALIFORNIA
Pages 29 to 40
Continued on Page Thirty*
-¦ "The. tendency to '< a recurrence of - the
same administration of this office by such
appointments is seen from the manner In
which the appointment is sought- to be
made, and the reappointment of the dep
tles'of ;the old 'administration/. -. .
¦<' "That' men who are' honored by, their
fellow : citizens ] with ' positions of , trust,'
such as, these 'Justices hold, where the
property r-of . uthe .-.hard-workinjr
wage-earner and of the smaller taxpayer
are . constantly •; adjudicated, should allow
themselves to be so openly used as lnstru-
: "I have no interest in this matter per
sonally, 1 nor do" I care what particular in
dividual fills thlsoffice, provided hebe ca-,
pable and honest, >¦ but I do believe' It my
bounden obligation to see that the law is
properly executed, and that the provisions
of the charter ¥ are , properly carried out."
I further believe it to be to the . Interest
of I the. people .of San ! Francisco .that ' when
one member of an unclean political or
ganization ¦ is " forced to retire ' under fire,
his -place shall not be ¦ at • once filled by a
member of the same political -machine by
officials whose duty it is to uphold as well
as ; to administer the law and the public
.wealr; - ; -. <>.; .-¦,..- ,-.... ....
Mayor Is Disinterested.
ties under the charter and he discharged
his' duties, so far " as they were dis
charged, under the charter.
"These very Justices have during all
this time recognized his actions under the
charter provisions, have seen his . five
charter deputies whenever they conde
scended at intervals to appear at their
post of duty.
"If the clerk is not a charter official
then these Justices have knowingly;
allowed three illegal deputies to draw
their salaries and to perform acts which
were under the Justices' present conten
tions entirely illegal and void. But while
the Justices by the charter have the
power of original appointment whenever
a vacancy occurs by resignation or re
moval (see section 10 of Article XVI), the
charter provides that the Mayor shall fill
the. vacancy. . ¦¦ . - -
'"Section 4 of Chapter I, article IV, reads
as. follows: .
" 'When a vacancy occurs in any office
and provision is not : otherwise . made in
this charter or by law for tilling the same,
the Mayor, shall appoint a suitable -person
to: fill such vacancy, who shall hold office
for the remainder of the unexplred
. "There is no 'provision made anywhere
for the Justices to fill such vacancies, and*
my power, therefore, - is unquestionable.
"Executive Department. Mayor's Office.
San Francisco, Cal., Fefc. 1, 1902.— To th»
Board of Public Works, City Hall, City-
Gentlemen: I respectfully call your at
tention to the , fact that a room in the
City Hall set apart as a courtroom for the
use of Justice of the Peace Daniels is now
being : utilized without right as a pur
ported clerk's office by Mr. Windrow, who
claims- unlawfully to be clerk of the Jus
tices' Court. It seems to me that it la
within the line of ¦ your duty to remove
from . said room all persons not having:
right, under s your authority, to use th*s
same.
¦ "The use of this room by Mr. Windrow,
abetted by the Justices of the Peace, has
caused many unnecessary . and unjusti
fiable complications in the administra
tion of the affairs of the Justices' Court,
as * it ' affords a false basis for the un
founded claim that he Is a de facto clerk.
I therefore suggest and request that in
the Interest of the public, and to obviate,
as far as possible, the evil results arising
f<om the situation , forced on the . people
of San Francisco by the arbitrary, atti
tude of the Justices of the Peace, you
cause said courtroom to be immediately'
Public ' Buildings, in which he demands
that steps be taken without delay to eject
him therefrom. .The letter is aa follows:
of Supervisors ¦ prompted .the . Mayor to
send a letter ,to the Board of Public
Works and to- Chairman Samuel Braun
hart of the Supervisors' Committee on
The fact that Windrow is occupying a
desk in Justice Daniels' courtroom with
out having been properly assigned there
to by the Board of Works and the Board
competent tribunal, those whom you may.
in your deliberations, find to be offenders
against the law. Respectfully submitted,
"E. E. SCHMITZ,
"Mayor of the City and County of San
Francisco."
Demands "Windrow's Ejectment.
mentalities for the perpetration of what I
have no hesitancy in calling a gross out
rage on the people is to me not only a
source of disgust,. but indeed also of re
gret. -
"It affords me no pleasure whatever to
bring these matters to your attention. -I
conceive It to be my duty, and > trust
that you will forthwith take such action
in the premises as will clear the situation I
and bring to the bar of justice, before a
aratlon. The house gallery will flash with
brilliant lights and a profusion, of carni
val colors of red and yellow, but the ar
tistic surprises, in decoration are to be
awarded the ; grand gallery.
The procession will . fora on the lower
floor; then, preceded by the herald, car
rying his trumpet and wearing a tabard,
will, headed by a • brass band, wind
through the various rooms, thence to the
main gallery, known as the Searles gal
lary, where- the gayest" of gay revelers —
Cleopatras, Mignons, flower queens and
dancing shepherdesses, with flashing eyes
and buoyant spirits— will daintily follow,
the dashing prince and his beautiful part
ner through the serpentine march.
On the signal given by the herald the
more than 300 tickets have been disposed
of. All the gallery boxes have been se
cured and almost half of the house boxes
have been bought.
In order that across-the-bay dwellers
may not go home hungry as they did last
year on account of the midnight repast.
the supper will this time be served from
11 o'clock," thereby giving ample time for
the gay dancers to catch the last boat.
The music for. the Mardi Gras will be
under the direction of Henry Heyman.
There will be two orchestras, one for the
main gallery and one for the ground floor.
Although the gentlemen are not allowed
to wear masks, it is understood that more
than the usual number will come in cos
tume.
WELL KNOWN ARTIST AND HIS WIFE WHO HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
TO REIGN DURING THE FEW i JOYOUS HOURS OP THE MARDI
•GRAS CARNIVAL OF FOLLY. -
¦'- "Mr." Windrow ¦ has ..not • been ', appointed
by. the Board of Supervisors," he has \ not
filed' or ! recorded 1 the' required bond,' and
is under 'the Code of -Civil Procedure
clearly a .usurper/ liable, in my judgment,"
to * criminal prosecution. " As . his ¦-. offense
seems under ¦ section ; 65 of the * Penal . Code
to ¦ be a * misdemeanor I am advised -that
your , body,- has ' no jurisdiction
to indict If or ; his offense. ,,;
i "Proceeding further; it is clear also. that
under , the charter the :i appointment " of
Windrow is : absolutely ; void. -.The original
appointment ' of Williams .was , in ; the s Jus
tices ' of ¦ the Peace > under Chapter VII '> of
Article -V' of the and- they, ap
pointed Williams i for two years, the : term
i fixed J by the ' charter. '^-Williams 'qualified
under . the ; charter,"' he j appointed his ' depu-
Windrow 1 Is ' Liable.
' The decorations, under the direction of
L. P. Latimer and -Willis. P. Davis,, are
to be unusually elaborate, and it is said
that several distinc.t novelties are in prep-
chief clerk's office, and will- recognize
only the signature of Mr. Windrow.
"The result of this course is that many
who have business In their courts, while
admitting and | recognizing the j validity of
I>lr. 'Fredrick's appointment, fear, the con
sequences of the -"Justices' displeasure,
and either refrain from filing their papers
or file them illegally with Mr. Windrow.
This will give rise to the most serious
complications unless immediately averted.
My judgment is that It is willful miscon
duct for the Justices to take such action.
The ¦- Justices' i flimsy -. contention : is that
the Justices of the Peace, are- State offi
cers and that therefore the'ehief clerk is
a State . officer. -: - .
"I am advised that neither of these con
tentions Is sound, but .In this connection
we have to deal only with the chief clerk
and not with the Justices. , '< v'
"The ' Chief Clerk's appointment is* pro
vided for % by both the Code of Civil Pro
cedure of the. State of California and by
the charter of San Francisco. • .
• "And under both the .;. appointment of
Windrow Is clearly illegal and void.
"Under section. 86 of the Code of Civil
Procedure the Chief Clerk "is to be ap
pointed by: the Board of Supervisors and
not by the Justices. The Supervisors have
not appointed Mr. '-Windrow.- ' -¦-.;'
' "Under -the same section the clerk is a
'city and' county* officer and nota State
officer, and is required to .'give bond; for
the faithful discharge. of the duties of; his
office and in * the i same , manner ; as is or
may be required of other officers -'of such
city and county.' , .' ¦ , ', *L' ¦"
* "Under ' the same ; section the • clerk has
the right to only two deputies, in place of
the fhia heretofore serving,, and appointed
only wider ; the provisions ¦ of : the charter.
¦ A.r a number of dinner parties have been
arranged for that evening, the additional
half hour, will, no doubt, be hailed with
welcome. . \
Last year the" ball opened promptly at
9:30, -with the* result that a great number
of the gay participants were conspicuous
by their absence in the grand march. This
year an extra half hour will be given and
the grand march will . formA promptly at
10 o'clock.
As to the royal' partner of the prince —
the toest, ."Long Live the Queen," .will be
drunk 1 to the charming Mrs. • Cadenasso,
whose classic features and regal bearing
will add a touch qf realism, to the even
ing's -fantasy. Mrs. Cadenasso is -well
known and active In local' music circles,
and holds, the position of contralto soloist
lnthe Bush-street French church! r As the
queen of the, carnival she will wear an
elaborate white satin Marie' Stuart -gown,
made with a front panel of crinr.son silk,
spangled with gold. A royal robe of red
velvet, trimmed with ermine, will be worn
over this. A diamond necklace and a jev/
eled crown will complete the costume. •
f : — : 7. ~~ ¦
O CADENASSO. one of the
• most popular, of the local ar
tists, has been unanimously
Q elected . Prince Carnival of the
coming. Mardi Gras celebration
at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
For weeks the question of who would be
the -'prince, has been a leading theme at
violet' luncheons and .pink teas. - There
will 'be general satisfaction over the
choice, for Slgnor Cadenasso will surely
make a. dashing. prince. . '
-".The Justices,' in- ordcV. to carry out
their, bold; and- audacious attempt ;to • in
stall ', : another .". member ¦> of ] the > 'push' , In
place of theonel who.'.was deposed, and
being unable to " place , him in the regular
office, of the: chief clerk,*; by <, various?ex
pedients .' finally; landed him . in j the j court
' room i of ';. Justice ;of v-, the Peace : -Daniels,
where : he ; holus : forth ¦ with as , much - au
thority, in my opinion, as though he were
the veriest stranger, claiming on the street
' corners ; to '¦¦ be " authorized ¦_ to • receive ¦ and
to • appropriate public moneys. ¦ ¦ . • ¦•¦¦•- : -.
V "In support of. their unholy combination
the Justices have threatened and: intimi
dated Jitigants and * have | announced." that
•they, will not hear any 7 cases filed in 'the
'One of -the ."Piish'j. Installed.
"Immediately the suspended clerk, by
T. D. Riordan, his attorney, procured a
writ* of certiorarl before Judge Cook in
order to review my action, on the ground
that I had suspended him without trial
and was\proceeuing to investigate his acts
with 'a view to his eventual removal, and
that the charges were groundless. Pend
ing proceedings, on; the morning of Janu
ary. 2?, 1902, I received' the resignation of
Mr. Williams in the following words:
" 'Hon. E. E. Schmitz, Mayor /of ¦ the
City and- County of San Francisco: -The
undersigned hereby presents his resigna
tion as. chief clerk of the Justices of the
Peace of, the city, and county of San
Francisco, to take effect immediately.
I" *E. W. WILLIAMS.'
"This was an admission of the" truth
and sufficiency of the charges preferred,
and the case in v Judge Cook's court was
thereupon .on January 30, 1902, dismissed
on motion of the attorney who had insti
tuted the proceedings. The resignation
of Mr. Williams was made public on Jan
uary 29, 1902.- -'. ¦
"Thereupon, on advice of Mr. Williams'
attorney, four of the Justices of the Peace
were called' together at the. Hotel Pleas
anton late at night, and without inquiry
or trial, assumed . to find the attorney's
client, Williams, guilty of malfeasance
and misfeasance in office, and to remove
him from office. .: ; > :
"This was after receipt by me of Mr.
Williams' resignation. In his stead thev
assumed to appoint Joseph Windrow, a
copyist in the County* Clerk's, office and
a political colleague of Mr. .Williams.
Mr. Windrow did not attempt to qualify
until the next day. and has not yet.regu
larly qualified, as required • by law and
the charter: On tho- morning of January
30. 1902, under the provisions of section 4,
chapter I of article IV of the charter, I
appointed Mr. Fredrick chief clerk ofth*
Justices, of the Peace of the city and
county of San Francisco for the unex
pired portion of Mr. Williams' term. ; Mr.
Fredrick duly qualified and is«in charge
of the Justices' clerk, office and of: all pa
pers and records thereof, and is discharg
ing the duties of his office,- as he has been
since January 21," 1902. ; _ ;
Resignation of Williams.
"Executive Department, Mayor's Office.
San Francisco. Ual., Feb. 1, 1902.— To the i
Grand Jury of the City and County of San
Francisco— Gentlemen: In the discharge
ot my duty as chief > magistrate of this
city i feel it incumbent upon me to call
to your attentfon the arbitrary, and high
handed acts of the J istices of the Peace
of -the city and county of San. Francisco
in the matter of the selection of a chief
clerk of the Justices' Court, and I re-i
gpectfully request you to apply to said
Justices the provisions of sections. 758 to
772, inclusive, of the Penal Code of the
State of California. The high-handed pro-,
ceedings of the last few days certainly
call for drastic action, and in the interest
of the people of San Francisco I.respect
fully submit that conduct of this charac
ter should receive strenuous and imme
diate consideration at your hands. Fol-;
lowing are the facts:
"On January 21, • 1902, written charges,
duly verified, were presented to me in my
official capacity, accusing E. W. Williams,
then chief clerk of the 'Justices of the
Peace, of willful neglect of duty and of
misconduct in office. The definite charges
prefei.ed were based mainly on the con
tinuous attendance. of Mr. Williams,' and
of his deputies, at the racetrack and at
other resorts, and on their constant ab-'
sence from their offices, and the conse- ;
quent neglect of their -official duties..
Other Informal charges based on other
grounds were presented at the same time.
On the filing of these charges, under sec
tion Z, chapter I of article IV of the char
ter, and under sections 18 to 20 of article
XVI, I supendedMr. Williams from his
office, pending Investigation, . and ap
pointed Powel Fredrick in his place to
serve during the period of his .suspen
sion.
Mayor Addresses Grand Jury.
It* was thought during the day : that
Clerk Windrow, the appointee of the Jus
tices, might be arrested for violation of
section Co of the Penal Code, which makes
It a misdemeanor for any one to assume
public functions without having'- filed a
duly approved bond with, the ! Mayor.
Windrow filed the required bond, but tho
Mayor; refused to approve it on the ground
that there was no vacancy in. the office of
clerk of the Justices' Court, he having
previously appointed . Powel .Fredrick. to
the vacancy created by the resignation of
E. W. .Williams. . • . : '
Finding that Windrow* ignored the
threat of arrest, but on the contrary in
vited It' by resuming- his fiinctio'ns ' as
clerk yesterday morning, the Mayor, after.
a long consultation' with his legal adviser,
prepared the; following -tart letter to 'the
Grand v Jufy: ' ' •¦;- $., '¦ '''.'¦'¦¦¦'_- ¦:¦'¦¦. ¦ • :
reached the acute stage last night
when the Mayor sent a long statement to
the Grand Jury requesting that body to
investigate the situation ' as , soon as
possible and to take! such action In the
premises as it might deem proper. .
fr'H v; HE controversy between Mayor
I . Schmitz and the Justices of ..the
1 Peace relative to the appointment
II of ¦ a clerk for the minor judiciary
Indictment- of- Lo.wer -Bench
¦ Is Virtually Suggested v
tiy Executive.
Says Acts ol Peace
Justicfes Are
Illegal.
AiollleGrand
irylsisM
march will conclude and the retinue will
form in semi-circle, while the prince as
cends the throne and delivers the tradi
tional song praise of dance and merri
ment. •
A chorus from the Bohemian Club, in
cluding Elmer E. Simmons. Clarence T.
Wendell, - Burbank Somera, Dr. H. P.
Carlton, William P. Neilson,' Charles
Dickman, H. P. Veeder and C. H. Lam
berton, will make, the responses.
Alvard J. J. McKinnon. who made such
a success in, the role of the jester a last
year, has kindly consented to" once mora
assume the same part.
Society at large is taking an interest in
the Mardi Gras celebration this year that
! eclipses all previous records. Responses
from . Oakland, Alameda and other cities
across the bay are coming in. Already
G. Cadenasso Is Unanimously Elected to Occupy Throne at the
Goming Mardi Gras Celebration and Mrs. .Cadenasso, in Royal
RedTand Ermine;,: Will Be His Partner—Grand March at Ten
SCHMITZ
DEMANDS
JUSTICE
LEADER IN LOCAL ART WORLD
CHOSEN AS PRINCE CARNIVAL
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1902.
Mrs. Alexander Center and Miss Eliza
beth Center were hostesses at a -large tea
yesterday afternoon at their residence,
Vallejo and Fillmore streets. Between the
hours of 5 and 7 o'clock nearly three hun-
T he decorations were charming and con
sisted chiefly of foliage and pink flowers,
arranged by the fair hands of the young
Chrysanthemums. Carriages were ordered
for 12 o'clock and the party dispersed at
that hour, although many guests were
loath to bring so delightful an affair to a
close.
..%.•-_ ... _ .•"»¦.- - r.fl- "I'm/ ""¦¦'_¦.-. ' Tl! 1 . " . ; .¦¦ ' • .-¦'-•-." .--. ¦ • ,.. 7^' >y NT i
Pages 29 to 40OAKLAND RACETRACK— s g turd .ay. ''^ c j>i'^~^J5^?5i^S3SLr^5S^r^S^
3233. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; to first. '$325.
•¦:¦ ~~~ j : -.•¦-¦ ~ ~ ~~~~ 77~~^ '•• ¦•¦ ¦ ¦•¦••. .Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str.^ Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3181 Durazzo .".hHJ 6 ¦¦.., 34 2 V. 11% ¦ G. B. Morris.. O'Connor 1-2. i-3
8199. Adirondack ....110 2 ... 1 1% 1 *A 2n Burns & Watrhs.Buumn 3 11-2
3163 Honiton ....;.... 107 1 ... X n. a 3 8 5 • ¦'. W.- O'B. Mcdn'gh. Woods 6 10
3181 Organdie: ........107 4 ... 4 4 4 5 4 6 W. O'B. Mcdn'gh.Jacksn] • •
3204 Escarola ........103 8 ... 6 1 CU (h Baldwin. & Co... Ransom .. 10 ' ... 20
3199 High Chancellor.. 106 7 ... 7 1 6 % 6b' Chlnn & Forsythe.Fntly 15 60
8210 J. H. Bennett.... 106 6 ... 6 2 7 6 7 10 L. A. Blasingame. .Hoar 30. 200
3199 Prestolus ....... .104 3 ... 8 10 8 6 8 5. Jennings & Co..T. Burns 20 30
8163 Minnie Drossel- ..103 9 ... 9 9 9 J. E. King & Co. Webster 60 300
Time — 14, :24V4 ; % :49. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. O.
B. Morris" ch. c. by Arkle-Katy B II. Adirondack beat his company away, but Durazzo
had too much speed. Organdie stopped. Scratched — Somenos 110. 'Coupled with Honiton.
3234. SECOND RACE — 1 V4 miles; hurdle; maiden 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325. s.
~~ r - ¦¦¦¦ ..- ;¦ ~ "~~ : ' ~ ~~ ~~, - • . -¦¦-..;. ¦ - •_•¦. Bettlnjr.
Index Home, Age, Weight St. Std. M. Str. Fin." Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
S006 Master Lee. 6.... 137 2 1 V» 1 1 11 1 2 H. Willis.,.. J. Murphy 6 15
3198 Loyal S. 4 ..137 3 32 3 6 " 2 % 2 20 V. Gilbert Boynton . 8 9-2
3220 Bonitary, 4 135 5 4 444 4 25 3 5 Charles Albert... Mattler .'¦.'= 2 13-5
3198 Solano, a 137 12 2 2 6 3 1 4 30 G.Lapham... Hennessey '. • 2 13-5
3143 El Arte. '6 137 6 5 10 5 ' 6 5 L. H. Cody ".Brodie ' 8 25
3018 Sea Song, 4 137 4 6 * » ' .... ... Klunder & Burns.Evana • -4 4
Time— 2:25. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, H. Willis', br. g. by St. George-
Levee. Master Lee fenced well and had the footing < over the others. Bonitary tried to
run out. Solano quit. *Refused. • r »
3235. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
:^ ' ~ ~ : : ~ ' ~~~ ' - -. ¦ ¦— ~~ Betting. .
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %• %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op. Cl. ¦
8219 Afghan, a ...'...119 4 5 1 4 y» Z V, 1 1 W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 4 3
.... Black Dick. 4. ...119 3 41 62 4h 2h L. V. Bell. ....J/ Woods o 6 30
(3211) Shell Mount. .3... 104 1 2n 2n 2n 33 D.Cameron.... T.Burns .2 12-5'
(3161) Jacqueminot. 3... 99 2 1 2 1 2 1 n 4 4 Jennings & Co. . J. Daly 4 7
3219 Vantlne. 5 117 6 3 % 3 2 : 8 •£ 5 1 W. M. Rogers. .O'Connor 6-2/13-5
3014 Oscar Tolle, 4.... 119 7 6 1 6 % 6 2 6 1 . E. J. Baldwin.. .Ransom \ • 8 ¦„ ' 20
2570 Lento, 3 ...104 8 7 3 7 6.74 76 Nell & Blazer...... Hoar 60 . 200
2355 Bogus Bill. 5 119 6 8 8 8 8 S. F. Capps.J. McCarthy 60. : 100
Time— %, :24; %, :48%; %,>1:14. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner, W. H. Ketcheman's ch. g. by Inverness-Affinity. -,Wlnner received a nice ride
to-day. Distance supposed to be too short for Dick. Shell Mount quit some.' Vantine not
at_ her best. Oscar Tolle poorly ridden. '_ ¦ - ¦ -.
3230. FOljRTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards; Pacific Handicap; 3-year-olds up; to first; $600.
I I I ." . \ Betttng.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St U- V»- Btr - Fin. 1 Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3223) Lapidus, 3 104 2 12 121nlns Jennings & Co..J. Daly 2 2
3212 Greyfeld. 6.V. . . ..103 1 2 1 2n 2 2 2 1 R. . A. Smith.. Birkenruth 3 7-2
(3133) La Goleta, a .106 5 6 5 5 3h Baldwin & Co. .Ransom ' 8-6 B-2
3194 Colonial Girl, 3... 93 3 4 2% 4 4 . 3 1 , 4 5 W. M. - Rogers.. Jackson 6 . 6
(3216) Com. Forster, 3... 02 4' 3 1% 3 1 4^6 J.F., Schorr.... Redf era ¦ 6' . 9
Time— Vi, :26i4; %, :50%; %, 1:15%; . mile, 1:41%; lm 100yds, 1:47.' Good start Won
first three driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by Star, Ruby-Pearl V. Greyfeld
would have won had Birkenruth drawn his whip. Away better La Goleta might have won.
Jackson on Colonial Girl tried to come through on rail and was blocked. She was full of
run and looked a winner. Scratched — Frangible 05. 7 '" . . ' ' .--.-; :¦._•¦ J - . •:.•» ,
3237. FIFTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; A. Andrew Selling Stakes; 3-year-plds up; to flrat, $1200
• • • .¦ :.,¦;-; '...-. Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CU
(3232) Sweet Tooth, 4... 97 5 3 n 2 n 1 n ; 1 n L. V. Bell. . .Birkenruth 4-5 A.-10
.3176 Paul Clifford, 4. .106 4 1 1% II 2 2 . 2 h . L. V. Bell. T. Burns •-¦ •
8223 MacGyle, 5 99 1 2 3 3 1^45 31 Elmwood Farm.. Ransch 6 20
3164 Horton. 6 103 8 5 1 4 1 3h 45. J. McGovern . . . O'Connor 5-2 2
(3219) Redwald, 5 105 3; 6 6/ 6 5% Jennings & Co... Troxler 10 20
3225 Frangible. 5 90 2 4 2 5 IV, 5 % 6 F. D. Boas Jackson 6 6
Time— Yt, :25; %, :49%; %. 1:14%; mile, 1:41; 1 l-16m. 1:47. ; Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, L. V. Bell's br. h. by Conrad-Sweet Tooth. Had Ransch on MacGyle
not been cut off In stretch the Brutus horse might have scored. : Sweet Tooth under re
straint for nearly a mile. Horton couldn't get up. Frangible a '.'mudder." - 'Coupled with
Sweet Tooth. Scratchej^onste^atorjB^ShellJklount 85,^Greyfeld 112. • . ,\
323S. SIXTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325. '
I j t I ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ • .1 Bdtuns
Index|Horse. Age. Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. 1 Owner and Jockey. -, j Op. . CL
8182 Herculean, 5. ....109 6 42 2 % In 1 % JL. V. Bell.. ...T. Burns ". 6-5 8-5'.
8228 Artilla,,6 104 1 6662 35 26 C.W. Carroll..Blrkenrth 4 " 7-2
3220 Picador, 4 107 7 68 6 10 4 15 3 2 T.-H. Stevens.'.O'Connor 5 7
(3195) Pat Morrissey. a.. 106 3 12 1 3 ~2 1 4 15 Dr. Ro'well.'.. ..: Jackson .2-13-5.
3222 Mont Eagle, 5 103 4 2 n 4 1 5 6 5 8 C. P. Fink .Sheehan 30 100
S0C6 Windward, 6 106 2 3 2. 3 1 6 3 6 3 Hennessy & Co.:. .Kelly 20 60
3216 Scintillate, a. .. ..101(5 7 7 7 7 jMrs.Grossh'm &Co.Nagl 100 600
Time— %. :24»,4; %, :49; %, 1:15%; mile, 1:41%; l%m. 1:54. - Good start. Won first three"
driving. Winner, L. V. Bell's ch. g. by 'Watercress -Hannah. ' Away none too ; well,- Her
culean ran a very game race and wasgood. Picador ran a' very fair race., Morrissey qui*
Scratched— Hungarian 106. .'.'¦' ¦ ' . •¦¦'¦;.• . '1 / : , '..-. , -,.'. - * .
J. Burrows, owner of Hainault, Orleans
and Go Out shipped -his horses to ; Little
Rock yesterday. - -:. *
J. Daly's ride on Lapidus was a pretty
piece of horsemanship.
Any time the Baldwin horses are played
to much extent, - Ransom is a veritable
wizard at getting away from the 'barrier.
His ride on La Goleta was about as crude
un article as. has been handed out . for
some time, ¦ .
There are, .Borne horses that like weight
on. The Barb Mare' and Darley's Arabian
were of this sort and' so is Afghan. ,: On •
January 29, in a six-furlong race with
"Woods up, .carrying. 109,,; he .finished
fourth. ,. Yesterday the same horse won
cleverly with 119 pounds, in the saddle.
Latonia entries closed yesterday. . .-¦?¦:
Pat Morrissey came in I for, strong sup
port, 1 but the old "mudder"- can't seem
to strjtch.lt out over a hard tracks 1/.
Continued From Page Twenty-Nine.
MAYOR SCHMITZ DEMANDS JUSTICE
Don't ignore a roan because he Is in the
lightweight class. It is easier- to thr,ow a
cannon ball a mile than it is to throw, a
feather ten feet. \ ; •
: .WASHINGTON, ; Feb. l.^-The hearings
on the admission of -Arizona to Statehood
were continued to-day: by the House Com
mittee on Territories. 'Governor Murohv
Delegate Smith and representatives of 'he
Statehood Convention were heard on ad
vantages of giving Arizona full Statehood
rights." '. . '."? ; ' • ¦ . \ i -.
Arizona's Rights Are Presented.
Auction • Fools for Harness Baces.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 1. _ Horsemen
from • all -over :;. the State, replying to
a circular letter : sent : out ¦ by the State
Board I of. Agriculture, have returned re
plies asking -that the system of .auction
pools and ; parls mutuels'be resumed for
harness, events at the State Fair
Miss Smith won « the i next three . holes,
leaving the last hole to' decide the match.
Both ladles succumbed to the nerve-rack
ing test and played , the final hole in poor
form. Miss Smith ; managed to reach the
green befare her opponent and' holed out
In one less Btrokei thus winning the match
anoV champlonBhip . by a- single hole. A ; . ; ,
The contest was over 18 holes, match
play. At the ¦ turn the San Diego lady
¦was 1 up, but Mrs. Foster speedily, re
duced this lead and added 3 holes to her
credit," so that at ' the fourteenth hole she
apparently. had the match and champion
ship /well; In. hand, being 3 up and 4 to
play. '¦¦'¦¦' "f "- ¦"¦¦ ¦•-¦-•' ¦' .¦.* ¦...•-¦¦"-'¦¦ ;¦ v • ¦¦ •¦¦•!' ¦
LOS ANGELES,' Feb. 1.— Miss Ada :¦ N.
Smith of the San Diego Country Club
won the woman's golf championship of
Southern * California ; this afternoon after
one of the pluckiest contests ever wit
nessed on the Los Angeles Country Club's
links. Her opponent was Mrs. John D.
Foster of Los Angeles." ,.'...-,,
Southern California Golfer.
Miss Ada N. Smith. Proves Best
NEW WOMAN CHAMPION.
¦ Resolved. That we, the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs, .in regular bi-monthly
meeting, I protest against the passage of. this
bill; .that the executive committee be instruct
ed toi present this resolution to the Board of
Supervisors, and to be present at any meettmr
of the board when said bill is considered to
further argue against its adoption
Whereas, The opening of a racetrack Is not
an improvement . to the resident district but
owing to the class of, men that are employed
to carry on its affairs, is a decided detriment
therefore be it . ,
"Whereas, A bill to reopen the Ingleside race
track : has been placed before the Board of
Supervisors for consideration and adoption; and
- Whereas, Experience has shown how baneful
Its influence has been In the past by corrupt
ing the morals of men of families, clerks and
even high school boys; and >
Thfe Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs. "; last ¦ night adapted the .following
resolutions, which N wlll be presented by
the executive committee to the Beard of
Supervisors to-morrow:
Mission Clubs* Take Action.
PICKED FIFTY-ONE WINNERS
IN SIXTEEN DAYS.
N. S. Hand, the handicapper of 113
Stockton street, is In grand form this sea
son. He picked fifty-one winners out
of ninety-five races at Oakland, and a
straight play of $20 on each of his selec
tions netted $10S4. •
Justice Brewer of the United States
Supreme Court has -the reputation of
being the best raconteur in Washington.
His fund of stories is endless, and he
seems to add to it daily. ,
New Orleans Eacing.
CUy^uPt^* 8 ' Feb -
First race, selling-, one mile — Dr. Carrlck
won, St. David second, Carlovlngian third.
Time, 1 :48*s.
Second race, half mile— Dark Planet won."
Time SeCOnd> Ro ' ral Deceiver third.
Third race, six furlongs — Lennep won Pie
•°n Post eecond. If You Dare third. Time.
Fourth race. Merchants' handicap, one mile
and a sixteenth— Prince Blazes won. Jessie
Jarboe second, Henry of Franstamar third
Time, 1:53.
Flft S. ra . ce> "e 11111 *. °ae mile— Jerry Hunt
won. El Ghor eecond. Strangest third. Time.
Eixth race, eix furlongs— Sand Flea won,
IYowL second, James Keating third. Time!
¦ In the last ten. years all kinds of ex
periments ; have been . made to get . rid of
this pest. Whitewash was used and the
borers were dug out with knives, but this
later process frequently., killed the trees.
¦ A' trench is dug about the tree and
from one to two ounces of carbon bisul
phide placed 'around the trunk of the tree'
and: covered with dirt, the fumes pene
trating the boring in, x the tree and killing
the insects. '
At the Farmers' Club to-day it was re
ported by L. r F. Graham and other promi
nent growers that, after experiments with
thousands \ of trees,' they were satisfied
that carbon bisulphide was a positive
remedy, for the peach root borer. • ...
SAN JOSE, Feb. 1.— Santa Clara County
orchardists believe they have at last
found a certain cure for the peach root
borer, which for years has been a men
acing pest to peach and apricot orchards
in this valley. During the past season
the borers have been especially numer
ous and it has been conceded that unless
a Vemedy were found there would not be
a* peach tree left in the valley.
Special Dispatch to " The Call.
When the "Count" deserted Adelina
Biagini, he took $300 put of her. trunk. She
Is glad that he has been apprehended and
will go to Los Angeles to prosecute j him.
In order to gain possession of her money
and have him punished, the deserted wife
swore to ' a warrant for.' his arrest. *
The "Count de Lucenay," alias Count
Arnold Francis de Presboist; alias John
B. N. Flood,' who was arrested' at £1
Paso, Texas, yesterday, is! well known
in this city. He wedded Adelina Biagini,
daughter of Joseph Biagini, a cattle dealer
at 508 Greenwich street, ! on : September 14
last. A week or two after his marriage
he deserted his bride and went to Los
Angeles. There he met Ruby Luckhardt,
and eloped with, her. The authorities
tried to overtake the "Count" and • lodge
him in jail, as the young lady is under. 18
years of age.
Wife Will Prosecute Him.
The criminal charges were preferred
against the fugitive by the District At
torney^ who declares the Count will be
prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Marrying a girl before she has reached
legal, age is a felony in this State and is
a penitentiary offense. To prove 'the
Count guilty it will be necessary only to
establish the age of the '{ girl. -Telegrams
have, been sent to the wife of Presboist
and the brother of the bride, advising
them of the arrest," and that they will* be
needed as witnesses by the State.
¦ When Presboist married the . girl here
on January 2 he made oath that she was
more than 18 years of age. He also made
affidavit that there) were no legal obsta
cles to his marriage. As soon as the'.of
ficers here learned that his marriage was
irregular they undertook to trace him,
witn the result as stated in the foregoing.
It was not known that he had married
a girl under age until January 24. Since
that date the Sheriff has been working
on the case.
Sheriff Boone wired the Dallas Chief
that he will leave El Paso in the morn
ing to bring the pair to this city, where
the Count will be tried on . charges of
bigamy and perjury. After the courts
here are through with him he may then
be sent back to California.
"STERLING PRICE, Chief of •Police."
"I am holding Marquis Rudolph de
Lucenay and his wife. They are mar
ried. What is the charge? Answer. •
EL. PASO, Tex., Feb. 1— Count de
Lucenay, alias Count Arnold - Francis de
Presboist, who forsook his bride of three
months in San Francisco to elope with
17-year-old Ruby Luckhardt, to whom he
was married in El Paso less than a month
ago, has been apprehended in Dallas. To
day Sheriff Boone received this dispatch:
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
Man Who Ran Away
With a Young Girl Is
Arrested.
Carbon Bisulphide Pro
tects Trees From the
% Borer.
FIND CURE FOR
ORCHARD PEST
.The Mayor was commended for his ac
tion in removing ex-Justices' Clerk Wil
liams. . ¦ . ' ¦ •¦.- ,: ' ;¦¦ '... . : . ¦¦ .' ¦
,The Mayor's attention will also be di
rected to the demand for the abolition of
the ''position* of one of the secretaries of
the Park Commission, on the ground that
the work had been performed for a num
ber/of years by one secretary, whereas
at present there are two. His attention
will also be called to. the five clerks now
employed in the clerk's office. of the Jus
tices of the Peace. It is held by the mem
bers of the federation club that / three
clerks are sufficient to do all the work.
Acting on the suggestion of Mayor
Schmitz the Mission Federation of Im
provement Clubs decided at its/ meeting
last night to appoint an investigating
committee to Inquire -into the alleged ex
travagant expenditure of the city's money
in retaining useless clerks. The Mayor
signified his intentionof removing Colonel
Mendall from the 'position ' of Commis
sioner of Public Works if it was clearly
shown that he was drawing two salaries,
one from the United States and the other
from the city treasury. • Evidence as to
the unfitness of the present Board of
Health was also invited. , To comply with
these requests the committee will set
about to aid the Mayor. ¦ . • , ,' '
The business of the rival clerks was con
ducted without molestation yesterday.
The attorneys who favor the contention
of the Justices as to their power to ap
point their own clerk transacted business
with Windrow. The result was that the
bulk of the day's business was done by
him. while the office. force of Clerk Fred
rick, was in comparative idleness,
v That the Board of Public Works will
take some action as regards Windrow's
occupancy of Justice Dainels' courtroom
as his office is deemed to be certain, and
the developments of to-morrow will be
awaited with genuine interest by all who
are concerned in the outcome.
Windrow Kept Busy.
"A copy of this letter has been by me
this day forwarded to Hon. S. Braun
hart, chairman of the Public Buildings
Committee of the Board of Supervisors."
vacated by Mr. Windrow and all persons
claiming under him. Respectfully yours,
"E. B. SCHMITZ,
"Mayor of the City and County of San
Francisco.- •-,• . : . f
NEW York, Feb. L— James J. Ken
nedy met Robert Fitzalmmons here to
day and offered him terms for a fight
with James J. Jeffries for the champion
ship of the world. »
These terms sult-.th© Cornlshman, and
It is assumed that Jeffries also will asrea
to them. William Delaney, Jeffries* man
ager, had been sounded by Kennedy as
to what his conditions would be should
the. matter be definitely broached to Fltz
simmona. Kennedy's object Is to have tha
men fight before a club in San Francisco.
Special stake, first round — D. Walsh's Sacra
mento Boy beat George ICethercott's Hickory
IMck, 6-1; A. R. Curtis' Charta beat Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire, 6-0; J. Mortality's Snapper
Garrison beat Pasha Kennels' Real Article,
11-8; D. J. Healey's Ttburon beat J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells, 6-5; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat
W. C. de B. Lopez's Pepita, 2-0; George Xeth
ercott's Freda C beat Chlarini Bros.' Santonin,
2-0; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson. 7-2; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat
George Graham's Lady Newark. 4-0; D J.
Healey's Slsquoc beat A. R. Curtis' Anehor.
8-5; E. Geary's Fenli beat A. Vanderwhite's
Lear King, 5-3; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey beat
A. R. Curtis' Narcissus, 6-4; Aeneid Kennels'
Aeolus beat J. L. Ross' Fontenoy. 10-8; Ala
meda Kennels' Merrimac beat George Shar
man's Sir Pasha. 4-2; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
beat Chlarini Bros.' White Hat. 4-1; A R.
Curtis' Kibosh beat T. J. Cronln's Vandal, 2-1-
J. Cane's Greenhall beat J. L. Roes' Mayflower
6-4; T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat J Mark
land's The Grafter. 2-0; George Sharman's
Firm Fellow beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad.
8-7; A. R. Curtis' War Eagle a bye; J. Car
roll's Master Clalr beat D. J. Healey's Elista.
S-O; Chiarinl Bros.' Tame Tralee beat Alameda
Kennels' Lilac. 10-1; E. Geary's America beat
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face, 4-3; P. Mullarky's
Mamie Pleasant beat Alameda Kennels' Clar
tce. 7 : 5; C. O. Petersons Haphazard beat E.
Geary'e Bonnie HugrhlC 19-10; George Shar
man's Little Sister beat P. Doyle's Liberator.
8-2; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat Sterl
& Knowlee' Cold Shivers, 9-7. .
Open stake, first round — Pasha Kennels* Rov
ing Arab beat E. Thuener's Gray Cloud, 6-4; J.
Hurley*« Living Picture beat J. H. Mullens
Cruiser. 6-3; T. W. BartelB' Bogus Brummel
beat D. Roche's All Green, 12-9; Pacha Ken
nels' Rustic Arbor beat M. Kohlander's Master
Whaler, 8-2; A. R. Curtis' Galatea a bye; T.
Coleman'e Cotton Ball beat George Sharman's
Flower Friend, 6-5; C. dock's Alameda Lad
beat T. Cox's Crockett Hill. 7-5; Kelley &
Hartley's Precita Maid beat J. Hurley's Sea
Cliff, 6-0; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie beat T.
Connell's Moonorita, 26-13; George Shannon's
Gold Bus beat O. Zahl's O'Hara, 8-1; J. Hur
ley's Gramercy beat Pasha. Kennels' Lawrence,
21-8; Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy beat D. G.
Frantz*B Lavona, 7-2; G. B. Merrill's Warpath
beat A. Bonaclch's Lily H, 8-0; Pasha Ken
nels' Xerroaette beat H. H. Gray's Regal At
tire, 4-0; D. G. Frantz's Dorothy M beat Chla
rini Bros.' Sempronius, 14-10; Kelley & Han
ley's Lushmagh Lad beat D. Roche's Bells of
Shandon, 10-2; E. Zelph's Glen Coe beat P. J.
Beillj-'B Honesty, 10-3; H. Perigo's Controller
beat W. Cairn's Imperial. 6-1; L. 8. Barre's'
Boodle Boy beat George Graham's Tyrone
Prince, 5-3; J. F. Badt's Lovlna beat J. Trade's
Cosey, 8-5; J. Mortality's Ktttleman beat W.
J. Browning's Little Jack. 2S-1; A. R. Curtis'
Wapsee beat W. Cairn's Gold Ore, 4-3; E.
Geary's Roy Hughie beat T. W. Bartels' Bogus
Baron. 11-7; T. Maber's Bad Boy beat J. G.
Thompson's Pasha's Promise, 14-5; T. Burke's
Agffie VT beat E. Thuener's Black Cloud, 22-0;
A. McLeod's Royal Friend beat W. C. Badger's
Alert, 12-1; Kelley & Hanley'g Fearful Ship
beat S. A. Smith's Injury, 8-0; P. J. Relay's
Royal Cnion beat S. A. Smith's Shaughraun,
10-0; J. Carroll's Auckland beat J. Trade's
*BeIle Rocket. 5-3; H. Schaffer'e Fair Glen beat
L. C. Homarfs Annie Coleman. 8-0; J. Allen's
Coronado beat \T. C. Glasson's Lady Sears, 6-5;
J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat J. Connell's
New Moon. 10-3.
In the open stake likely winners are
Living Picture, Bogus Brummel, Cotton
Ball, Precita Maid. Fannie Hughle. Rich
Argosy. Warpath, Dorothy M. Glen Coe.
Lovlna. Wapsee, Bad Boy. Royal Friend,
Royal Union, Auckland and John Doe.
Following are the day's results, with
John Grace's official scores:
Winners In the special stake look to be
Charta, Snapper Garrison, Freda C, Tapi
oca, Bisauoc, Aeolus, Merrimac, Kibosh,
Tralee Boy. War Kagle. Tame Tralee.
Mamie Pleasant and Little Sister.
In the open stake Royal Union is first
choice at 4 to 1, Warpath is at S, Fannie
Hughle and Bad Boy at 6 and Kittleman
at is to L Kittleman looks a good outside
chance.
The talent made a good Bhowlng in this
stake and nicked all but four winners.
Xarclssus, a 1 to 4 favorite, lost to Ruby
Sankey; Greenhall, at 1 to 3, led and beat
Mayflower; Snapper Garrison outpointed
Real Article at 1 to 3. and at 3 to 5 Fenil
got the flag from Lear King.
Sacramento Boy ran a great dog against
Hickory Dick in the special stake, and if
he can beat Charta in the first course to
day his chances for the big end of the
stake ere excellent. In the long-odds book
the Boy Is at 7 to 1, while Charta rules
stake favorite at 4 to 1. Little Sister is
at 5 to 1, and she, too, is a strong claimant
for first place. She is in good trim and
many expect her to repeat her clever
work of last week. Merrlmac and Roman
Athlete are at 5 and Tralee Boy at 8 to 1.
The two stakes run down yesterday at
Union Coursing Park attracted the larg
est Saturday attendance of the season.
The trials resulted in good coursing. Of
late the hares have been of a class above
any seen on the local field. Their unusual
epeed In the stakes of the past few
months put the hounds to harder and
more severe tests than the oldest of leash
men were accustomed to witnessing.
Though the hares liberated at yesterday's
meeting were not up to the recent high
standard they were fast enough to make
the going interesting.
Will Meet Jeffries in New
York To-Day to Talk
Fight.
Ruby Sankey Defeats Fast
Narcissus at Good
Price.
Favorite.
Talent Figures Curtis'
Dog Special Stake
Terms Offered Him for
a Fight Here Are
Satisfactory.
Winner's Stable Mate, Paul Clifford; Is Second and MacGyle Third,
Four Favorites in Front at Oakland— -Greyfeld Nosed Out by
Lapidus for the Handicap—Durazzo Plays in Better -Luck
RUBY'S "COUNT"
NOW IN A JAIL
Herculean, an 8 to 5 favorite, took the
last race in a drive from Artllla, the third
¦choice. Burns, on the first choice, did not
get away from the barrier any too well,
but sailed through his field, beating Ar
tilla at the wire less than a length. Pica
dor was third.
Afghan, with Lee Jackson instead of J.
Woods up, took the slx-furlons selling
event in clever fashion from the 30 to 1
Bhot, Black Dick. Jacqueminot, the light
weight of the party, showed the way to
the stretch, there giving up the lead .to
the favorite, Shell Mount. The 3-year-old
couldn't stand the clip, and under Jack
son's skillful handling, Afghan scored by
a length In 1:14. •
None of the six starters in the mile and
a Quarter hurdle event could be accused
of possessing much class, but they put
up a pretty fair article in that line. So
lano and Bonitary ruled favorites in the
ring-, but were unable to land the mer
chandise. Master Lee, a 15 to 1 shot, with
J. Murphy in the saddle, raced and
Jumped Solano to a standstill, and then
won easily from Loyal S and Bonitary.
The racing began with' a half-mile dash
for 2-year-olds. Durazzo, which on his
first essay some daya ago had the misfor
tune to be disqualified, went to the post
a 2 to 5 favorite, ridden by O'Connor.
Adirondack outbroke the bunch, leading
for over half the distance, when the fa
vorite nabbed and beat him with ease.
Honiton ran third.
: Six ¦ started in J the stake, • which wa3
fifth to be decided. Owing to a well de
fined play: on Horton, some 6 to 5 could
be had about the Bell pair, Sweet Tooth
and. Paul Clifford. From the start, the
stable had .eyerythh.5 to themselves,
Burns on Paul Clifford cutting out the
pace and Sweet Tooth trailing. Had
Ransch, astride MacGyle, met with more
luck the" last three-sixteenths and 1 not
been cut off, there might have been a dif
ferent Btory to tell. As it was, a neck sep
arated the two stable mates at the wire,
with MacGyle only a head farther away;
on the outside. .Horton, ridden- out by
O'Connor, ran a close fourth. Redwald
and Frangible were never factors.
Bob-Smith, appears to be so bubbling
over with luck, of the sort that drives
people to walking -on the water with a
fifty-pound weight in each vest pocket that
he ought to purchase and .burn three dol
lars' worth of Chinese . punk in an en
deavor to drive the hocdoo way. In the
Pacific handicap, after, Lapldus, piloted by
Johnny Daly, had tired, some under the
clinking pace set, Birkenruth, on Smith's
Greyfeld, got -up to the leader, and it
looked all-over but getting in line.- Then,
while little Daly ort Lapldus made his last
rally, Birkenruth sat perfectly still, and
Lapldus won by a nose. One cut of the
whip would probably have altered the re
sult, but that is racing luck. \ For some
inexplicable reason,' La Goleta opened at
8 to 5 and went to 5 to 2. She finished
third, if that is any answer to the prob
lem. • •
tt OADErf with facts and -figures and
1 well supplied with ammunition in
I the way of coin, the ¦ Saturday
II -* gathering at Oakland track met
. - - with more than ordinary success
yesterday in its skirmishes with the book
ing fraternity. Nothing could have been
more popular than the victory of Sweet
Tooth for the $1500 Adam Andrew selling
stake at one mile and a sixteenth, carry -
Ing Birkenruth •"•'ahd- sporting the colors
of L. V. Bell. In fact the popular New
York turfman's horses were much in evi
dence throughout the afternoon's sport.
For not only did Paul Clifford run second
to his stable mate in the stake, but Black
Dick, secured place honors behind Afghan
with two or three books quoting 100 to 1,
while , Herculean, , piloted . by Tommy
Burns, captured the closing race. No fault
could be found with the performances of
favorites, as four heavily backed ones
were returned first. • v
SWEET TOOTH FINISHES FIRST
FOR THE ADAM ANDREW STAKE
SPEEDY CHARTA
IS THE CHOICE
"FITZ" MAY BOX
THE CHAMPION
HUGGINS SAILS
FOR ENGLAND
Wil] Prepare Nasturtium
for the l lassie
W. O. Whitney's American
bred Horse Is Favorite
for the Race.
NEW YORK, Feb. l.^-John Huggins,
trainer for W. C. Whitney, sailed for
London to-day on the , Mlnnehaha. He
had a severe chill about half an hour be
fore the steamer sailed and the ship's
surgeon ordered him to bed, saying he
had the grip.
Huggins has charge of Mr. Whitney's
racing establishment in England and
sailed to-day so that he might be able
to' give-; Mr. Whitney's Derby, candidate,
Nasturtium, his personal attention.
GARDNER SEEKS
A RETURN MATCH
Is Dissatisfied With the
Outcome of Root
arixiety to "Win
Quickly.
Lays His Defeat to Over-
George Gardner Is keenly disappointed
over the outcome of his meeting In Me
chanics' Pavilion -Friday t; evening : with
Jack Root. Both he and his represent
ative, Alec Greggains, are bending all
their energies to i secure a return match
for March. .-;: , - y «.' -; ...- . . ;
They have offered Lou .Houseman, who
represents Root, a^side bet of $2500, which
they consider a tempting. bait for the Chi
cago boxer. The latter.: has not .decided
what his future plans will be, although he
will probably ¦ return to " Chicago : to-mor
row. j.V ,, ¦ : ./ ;¦ ¦ ,H
Gardner's showing on Friday night was
a disappointment to his friends. He was
overanxious ' from the start and 1 seemed
intent on winning in short order. He com
menced swinging .wildly at as clever a
boxer, as Root and paid -dearly for his
Indiscretion. His seconds ) cautioned him
repeatedly, but he persisted, ' saying he
had it won and that he would stop Root
Inside ten . rounds; . ;' •¦'¦'•*¦ S . - ;
Gardner wagered '¦ $550.'. on' his own
chances, and was overanxious to cash
his tickets. Alec Greggalns gave an order
to a bookmaker to bet all he could for
him at 10 to 8 on Gardner/; Roots friends
were equally sanguine of success. House
man bet $700 to $1000 that RoQt would win
and advised his friends to have a bet
down on the Chlcagoan. h The betting was
10 to 7 on Gardner until the third round,
when Root was installed favorite. .
Root's real name is Korinek; He Is a
native of Bohemia, a- 1 principality of
Austria. His name translated means
Root, hence the selection of that name
by the boxer when he made this .country
his home. * v- \. , •-. »
The gate receipts were $7129. .From this
was deducted $100, . Referee Phil Wand's
fee. The fighters received 60 per cent of
the remainder, making their ' share
J3519 50. Root received 75 per cent of this,
or $2767 60, which included $125 allowed him
for transportation from Chicago. Gard
ner's share was $751 90. When the match
was made each man seemed so sure of
winning that there was no thought of di
viding the purse, each wanting the lion's
share to go to the victor.
The outcome of the fight has upset all
calculations of the Yosemite Athletic Club
officials. They had announced a' meeting
on the last day of this month between Joe
Choynskl and the winner, but public senti
ment seems against it. The officials are
in a quandary, i as there are few popular
boxers available. . ;-
Toby Irwln nd James Brltt met at Har
ry Corbett's yesterday and posted a for
feit of $100 each that they would be at
the required weight on the night of their
fight. They also put up a side bet of $500
each. This fight wIU'T)© .held under the
auspices of the Acme Club, Oakland, and
is expected to draw a large attendance.
TRAEGER WILL COACH
THE CARDINAL EIiEVEN
Frank Slaker "Will Fill the Position
of Assistant Coach at Stanford
During Football Season.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 1.—
William I. Traeger will be head coach as
well as captain of tlte 1902 varsity* football
team. This decision was reached at a
meeting of the first and second, eleven
football players held last night, and their
action will probably be ratified by the ex
ecutive committee.
The plan of having the captain act as
head coach Is adopted directly from the
system in vogue at Cornell and to a large
extent at Harvard and Tale. Frank
Slaker, varsity fullback on the Chicago
and Stanford teams, was selected as as
sistant coach, and on his shoulders will
fall the principal burden of the coaching.
Slaker's work in preparing the cardinal
eleven for its contest with . Michigan was
highly commended. His selection as as
sistant coach meets with the general ap
proval of the student body.
The varsity nine defeated the alumni
baseball team by the score of 6 to 5 in
a close ana interesting game this after
noon. For the visitors Hamilton. Oak
land's outfielder, Walter Christy at sec
ond and "Jimmy" Lanagan, former var
sity pitcher, played the best "ball.
B. B. MILROY IS INJURED
IN A STREETCAR ACCIDENT
WMle Boarding' Dummy Is Thrown
to the Street and Sustains {
Fracture of Leg.
R. B. Milroy, secretary of the California
Jockey Club, met with an accident last
night that will confine him to his home
for several weeks. Mr. Mllroy was on his
way home and was waiting on the street
in front of the Palace Hotel for a car.
As a Haight-etreet car approached Mr.
Milroy signaled the gripman to stop. The
car came to a standstill, but, according
to f Thomas Mullqueen, who was with Mil
roy, started suddenly as he was about to
board the dummy.
Mr. Mllroy was thrown to the ground
and was unable to riee.\ An ambulance
was sent for and the injured man was
taken to the Central Emergency Hospi
tal. An examination by Dr. McElroy
showed that Mr. Mllroy had sustained a
" Mr. Mllroy has been a prominent figure
In California racing since the days of the
old Bay District track. He was secretary
of the Blooded Horse Association, which
placed racing on a high plane here. Later
he became secretary of the old California
Jackey Club, and when the New Califor
nia Jockey Club was organized was elect
ed to his present position.- When Presi
dent Thomas H. Williams r Jr. ¦ heard of
the accident that had befallen Mr. Mil
roy last night he hurried to the Receiv
ing Hospital and had the injured man re
moved to St. Luke's, where the fracture
was reduced and every arrangement made
for the care and comfort of the patient.
Even a sensible woman likes to think
that some good man. is making a fool of
himself about her.
THE ' GALL'S RAGIN G • PORM CHART.
30
THE BAN FRANCISCO; CALLy SUNDAY; gEBRUAT^^ 2, 1902.
• <3« n/%llIilCAPPERS\AND
TURF COMMISSIONERS
Booms 1, 2 and 3.... 113 Stockton Street, Near O'Farrell
San Francisco. Telephone Black 3087. - •'
Our figures are based on the class and form of horses and jockeys as shown
in actual races and not on "information" or private "tips," the results being
that we have given our subscribers nearly
54 Per Cent of the Winners at Oakland.
Our "Compounding System" of playing is the safest and most profitable
ever devised. Call or write for free explanation:/
THE ONLY RIGHT WAY TO PLAY THE RACES.
TEBMS REDUCED (during California season only) to $2.00 per day
Ox- $10.00 per week.
llllllllllllllIlllUIIBIIIIIIHIIIllHiniBaS
¦ . ; • • • ¦ - ¦: - .¦vv'.'V ; -' > -'- -?*"¦*¦ ' -•¦ "
¦ t\f Pio*inip^ a
¦ Dp.McLaughlinSays He Has Made Physi- 1
| cal /.'(Giants of Thin, Dyspeptic-Look- n
| ing Men by Using Electricity. «
j SOME INTERESTING CASES QUOTED |
Pj All the doctors nre talking: "Electricity*' now since Professor Loeb at tha h.
¦ Chicago University has found that our lives depend upon it. , <
H V'Your sclentistH have uncovered the biggest thing In years," said Dr. Me- q
S Laughlln yesterday in speaking of the discovery that the vital power of tha rj
n human body is Electricity. "They have given the professional stamp of ap- p!
¦S proval to the very claims which they have heretofore scoffed at. J:
B "In saying that they. have found that the basis of life la electricity they £•
I do me the honor of discovering what I have claimed for the past twenty years,
Q "Of course it pleases me to note the interest being taken In this subject §{
m by scientific men," said Dr. McLaughlln yesterday. "Professor Loeb has done E|
»l me a great service in discovering that 'Electricity is the basis of life,' for ?i
q I have staked niy reputation upon that opinion for the past twenty yeara. rj
I I have argrued the matter with my patients, and proclaimed It In my adver- gj
£j tisements in plain language, and I owe my success to the fact that I have p
g stuck to it, and. was able to prove my statement to every man who adopt- gj
g ed my treatment. 1 ¦
S % '^^±^^ >* ~V B
¦ ' ¦ ¦ .•• ¦ ' . ' Q
¦ •¦ --,: -'-y' . -/ ¦ '¦-.-• r ' H
g WHAT THREE MONTHS' TREATMENT DOES- g
§ "You can take a man who is thin, puny and unnourlshed In appearance S
j|] and pour this electric life into his body every night for a few months, with S
¦ the proper exercise to draw it into the muscles and tissues, and you can S
¦ add twenty-five pounds to his weight, double his strength and vitality, and Sri
5 transform him into a giant in strength, as I have often done. Look at the n
Eg men who have worn my belt and you win see men of force, men of power S
S and confidence, men who respect themselves and are respected and admired S
m by their fellow man. . . • ; »1
mm "Look at this letter for example: Mr. John Gately, Long Valley, Cal.. rj
S. writes, 1 January 26, 1902: 'Tour belt has relieved me of rheumatism and pi
I stomach trouble to such an extent that I can now do a good day's work In p
m peace. I have gained thirty pounds in weight and am still improving.' p
gg "Poor digestion. Inactive liver, constipation, sluggish heart, slow thinking, gj
q dormant energy and laziness are all due to a lack of electricity. Understand n
g that electricity is the motive power of the human machine, the power that jg
g keeps the organs active, and you will see what I mean. In such cases yon n
Kg can see how my electric belt will pump action into, the body. It renews the- fg
q electric life, and transforms the sluggard into a bundle of vigorous energy, n
H "This agitation of the subject 'is going to prove of incalculable benefit to 0
Q the future health of our race. Just satisfy the people that they can procure gj
H a renewal of bodily vigor and health by simply renewing. the electricity In p
g the body and you have given them what they have always prayed for—a El
g relief from noxious drugs. Convince a suffering man or woman that drugs £]
Q| will not cure them, and that all they need Is a new supply of electricity, @
g and you have made them happy. , q
¦ . "So many people suffer from pains and aches, called rheumatism or £3
H -lumbago or neuralgia, due to impoverished nerves, crying for aid. The Ufa E3
B 'of these nerves is electricity and nothing else will cure them. I can send a O
E gentle current from my electric belt so that it will, convey the Ufa direct to Ci
¦ the ailing part, and relief is often felt in an hour. I frequently cur* such 13
B cases withm ten days. . - |J
H - "Here is a case to illustrate this point: Mr. "W. I. Rawnsley, Nez Perce. B
¦ Ida., writes Jan. 6, 1902: 'I have worn your belt two months, and it has B
D completely cured me of rheumatism from which I had suffered for three- IH
¦ years. I don't know how to thank you, for what you have done for me, H
H for I feel like a new man." ?
H "Suppose we take a man who has In one way or another overtaxed fcla D
B system until it is in a state of abject debility, the brain sluggish, all am- B
B bition gone, and an ever-present feeling of despondency, a disposition to give P
B up the fight. - , H
H /"In that case the electrical force has been reduced, and there we have ||
B the cause of the debility. ; Now, replace that force and you have a rejuven- ;
H ated man, as good as ever. ,
B '.'Here is a case which illustrates: Mr. A. Perl, Bradley, Cal., writes Nov. §|
g 30, 1901: 'Last May I purchased your belt, having previously suffered for !=
¦ four years with lumbago and rheumatism in my shoulder blades.arms, etc., §|
g and indigestion and constipation. After the first application of your belt I £¦*
¦ got relief , and I can now say that I am entirely cured, having discontinued n
*| -the use of the belt for over three months, and feel as good as I ever felt rj
3 , in my life. I take pleasure in recommending your belt to all sufferers." p
|2 ' '. "If these scientific men would do more Investigating along paths that I rj
S have already well worn they would find more evidence to back their theory n
S V that 'Electricity is Life' in one day than they will get out of the carcass of rj
2a frog In ten years. I prove It by results upon human beings whom I have p
S cured,. and I have over 50,000 of them already shouting the praises of my i^'
"5 j belts. Let the scientists take my patients as examples, and they will be Q
S convinced of the wonderful power of electricity. —
S "I have worked on my electric belt for 20 years and it Is now a sden- H
« tlfic mechanical success.' I know how to apply it, and in any case where h
Si",' my advice is followed , it will most, certainly cure. H
gj ¦.*-,. , "I have written a book, which Is beautifully illustrated, describing my m
g method of curing disease. I will send this free to any one requesting it. r4
B ' This book is full of the things- which encourage the full development of rj
B health and vigor. Write for It to-day." ; El
H ' : '¦" - . ' ¦ ' •• ' * ¦ ' -"' D.
/B'--. : -- : ' ¦-:¦ ¦¦'¦.;,¦- ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ -:,'¦¦•' k "
B nillTinU Beware of medical concerns offering "Electric Pelts Free." B
H UAU I I Un""" Th5 « offer »s only a trick to foist a rackafte of medicines upon U
B y° u 9* 9' D - Write tome for an explanation of the trick. Q
m» Office Hours— 8 |% n ¦¦ #% ¦¦ I IIIAIIII1I 702 MARKET rj
g dr, m, c, Mclaughlin, jiE |
B ;_ NOTE — When you use Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt you are under the ear* cf 13
B a physician. Agents or drug s torus are never allowed to sell these goods. *¦*•
B .---.-¦. ••¦¦¦- : -¦ ¦ ¦ .. ¦/ -.-.-- [3BERKELEY, Feb. l.-The University
of California through its representative,
Dr. Max Uhle, -the eminent archaeologist
has made many new and important dis
coveries irf. Peru of the extinct civiliza
tion of that country. Great cities which
once held one hundred thousand souls and
-were built centuries before Pizarro de
stroyed the power of the Incas have been
explored and much light tnrown upon the
customs of these ancient people. For
hundreds of years the cities have been un
inhabited except for Indian tribes wh!ch
build their huts in the fortress-like en
closure of an Inca palace or founded a vil-
Dr. Uhle Finds Evidence
of High Civilization
in Peru.
EXPLORES CITIES
OF EXTINCT RACE
Dr. Uhle will lecture at the university
on the result of his three years* work In
Peru. He will speak at .4 p. m. in the
students' observatory as follows: Febru
ary 3 and 5, "Sources of Ancient Peruvian
Civilization"; February 10, "Some Incaslc
Ruins of Central Peru." . The lectures,
which will be in German, will be open to
the public.
lage on top of some vast temple of the
sun.
Dr. Uhle is the only living archaeologist
who has visited these ruins and so far as
known is the only living white man to
explore them or to even see some of the
more isolated cities. The photographs he
has brought back of tha homes of the
Incas show many of them remarkably
well preserved. Some seventy cases of
relics — works of art and implements of
warfare and domestic use — have been
shipped to the university by him. They
will not be unpacked until some provision
has been! made for them In the way of a
museum. • . . ¦
Dr. Uhle's^fleld of work was In the val
ley of Chlncha, In Central Peru, and ly
ing on the western slope of the Eastern
Cordillera of the Andes and near tha >
headwaters of the river Maranon. '¦
OAKLAND. Feb. L— William J. John
son," for thirty years connected with
Wells, Fargo .& Co.'s express, died yes
terday afternoon at his residence, 1220
Eighth avenue, from lung trouble. He
came to California shortly before the ex
press company was organized. Mr. John
son was a native of Pennsylvania, 69
years of age. A wife and three daughters
survive him.
Death, of Pioneer Expressman
OAKLAND, Feb. L— The Federatefl
Trades Council of Alameda County has
elected the following named officers:
President, Q. K. Smith; vice president.
Perry Conwell; secretary, P. B. Preble:
sergeant at arms, E. J. Hanop. The new
committees are as follows: Executive—
G. K. Smith, Perry Conwell, P. B. Preble,
J. F. Kelley, J. B. Keboli; organizing— J.
B. Reboll, P. B. Preble. E. J. Harrop,
George Brown, A. Clodlus; laws and leg
islation—G. R. Permein, F. Higuera, P.
B. PreDle, J. T. Kelley and E. Foley.
Federated Trades Election.
The defendants deny that they manip
ulated tho books so that 61,000 shares of
stock were banded ever to them, affirm
ing that Director Xeuhaus was given the
stock by Mrs. Bunnell In consideration
of his work In promoting the company.
They deny selling stock, alleged to be
non-assessable, before the company was
organized. They deny also that they ar
ranged things so that Neuhaus got a
salary of $134 a month for superintending
the mine or that he was incompetent to
act as such. The contestants are pre
paring for a bitter fight. The mine la In
Calaveras County.
OAKLAND, Feb. L-Denial of all th»
.charges contained in the complaint la
made by Defendants James R. Little.
Oscar H. Neuhaus and Charles B. Hills,
directors of the Golden Mining Company,
who are being sued for an accounting by
J. McCosh Smith, a stockholder. Tha
pult is said to have been brought In be
half of Mrs. Margaret M. Bunnell, who
alleges that her husband deeded away
tt*a property now being -worked by the
mining company while he was mentally,
Irresponsible.
Explain Transfer to Themselves ol
61,000 Shares of the Capital
Stock.
TFmTE DIRECTORS DENY
COMPROMISING CHABGE3
Night Watchman Timmerman was mak
ing hla rounds when he observed th«
thick cloud of smoke pouring from tha
JalL Hastily th» watchman broka Into
the lockup and found the lonely imnata
half smothered. With a rush through tha
smoke Timmerman dragged Viera Into
the open and then the rescuer set about
to save the place from destruction. Th«
fire did little damage.
Viera had been arrested during tha
evening by Town Marshal Head. Tha
prisoner was taken to the lockup, a small
one-cell affair, and left there. Head
started out to find some of his ward'a
friends. During: his absence th« prisoner,
In some unexplained manner, set tho
place afire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Fab. 1.
Locked in a cell at the town Jail and.
helpless from Intoxication, Joseph Vlera,
an aged prisoner, was nearly cremated
last night In the Pleasanton lockup. Tho
timely , discovery of smoke issuing from
the jail was all that saved the incarcer
ated man from being burned to death.
As it was, he was seriously overcomo by
the smoke and was removed from, tna
blazing: cell in an unconscious condition.
Smoke From a Burning Cell
Attracts Attention in
•Nick of Time.
Occupant of Pleasanton
• Jail Barely Escapes
Cremation.
WATCHMAN SAVES
PRISONER'S LIFE
¦ . , ¦ .„ • . . f ¦ - ¦ - •¦ ••-.-• ¦.¦.-: ¦ .. • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1 902.
ATHENIANS HAVE JOLLY TIME
ON FIRST NIGHT IN NEW HOME
Members of Club Take Possession of Their Magnificent Quarters
at Fourteenth arid Franklin Streets, and With Several Hundred
Friends Enjoy a Session of Mirth and Good- Fellowship
Solid oak roll top desks at cut rat* prices.
H. Schellhaas. Oakland. ¦. •
OAKLAND, : Feb. 1.— William"' 1 Dempsey
has' been 'arrested ;wlttr a' sackful of .car
penters' ,tool3 /which";, were stolen froth
San 1 Francisco last night.': •',;*. J ;.-:>;
Had Stolen" Carpenters' Tools.
Will Sold an Art Salon.
OAKLAND, Feb. , 1.— The Starr J Kin?
Fraternity v has begun preparations j tot
its forthcoming art salon. " It ¦ will include
an exhibit of photographs as heretofore
with the addition' of paintings, both oil
and water color. ' Prominent artists aboul
the bay. have consented to loan 'their besi
work for the salon. . . „ , . ;
OAKLAND, Feb. L— Tht> Supreme Court
has upheld the | validity of the bonds is
sued by j the town ! of San Leandro with
which ¦ to . establish a municipal electric
light plant.
San Leandro Bonds Axe Valid.
Monday and Tuesday, bargains in all grades
of furniture.' H. Schellhaas, Oakland. •
BERKELEY, Feb. 1.— A nine, from the
Sigma Nu ; Fraternity ; of the university
defeated the Delta Kappa Epsllon aggre
gation this morning by; a score- of 11—8.
A banquet was i the , wager of , the • game
and the, defeated fraternity men will have
to serve a spread to. the victors.
Lost Game and Banquet.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1.— Charles Merrill
companion of Frank Case, who escapsc
from the. County Jail, 'was convicted oi
petty larceny to-day in the Superloi
Court by a jury .which . was trying hin
for robbery. The charge was that < Mer
rill, 'with Case, had held . up a v Chlnest
lauridryman on Eighth street bridge, rob
bing ' him . of $20. . The jury reduced, tht
charge : to the minor | offense, : giving ' Mer
rill the benefit of a poor identification bj
the victim and the fact that; the prison
er's young wife \ and child were amply ii
evidence during, the trial. : ,• -.. j
Merrill Convicted of Larceny.
Once inside the pressure upon ¦ Kruell
was relieved, as the ceiling is higher. He
fell from the top of the hay»and was
picked up later by a fellow workman, who
had him taken to the hospital, i There the
doctors discovered that two vertebrae of
the lumbar region were broken.
It was after 8 o'clock and quite dark
when Kruell reached the barn. As ho
drove in he sat upon the top of the hay,
not realizing his danger. Before he knew
it he was caught between the hay and the
top of the door. -He tried to stop the
horses, but could not. He says he could
hear his bones breaking as he went
through the door. ,. -¦
William Kruell, aged 32 years, had his
back broken to-night while driving a team
drawing a loaded hay wagon into Hun
ter's barn, at Twenty-fourth street and
Telegraph avenue. He was caught be
tween the hay and the top of the door
frame and crushed before he could stop
the horses. He is in a precarious condi
tion at the Receiving Hospital, the doc
tors declaring that they do not know
whether he will live or not. though the
chances are slightly In his favor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 1.
OAKLAND. Feb. 1.— The deposition of
D. Edward Collins, plaintiff in the suit
against, the Enquirer,. Dr.' George C. Par
dee, Henry P. Dalton and G.' B. Daniels,
will be taken on Tuesday at the law of
fices of William Lair Hill. The order for
the taking of the deposition has been
made at the request of .the defendants.
Will Take Collins' Deposition.
Serious Accident Befalls
William Kruell, a
Teamster.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day jto Buzzallino Groco
mo, aged, 30 years, and Jennie Orocchl,
24, botir of Temescal; ' George L. Acker
mann, 23, Stockton, and Magdalena Alleys,
,25, Oakland; William C. Clark, 26, and
Alice A. -West, 26, both of Oakland; Pat
rick J. Kennedy, 30, and Genevleve J.
Farley, 22, both of Oakland; George Ruh
land, 29, and Annie Myers, 23, both of San
Francisco.'
' Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Feb. 1.— Justice James G.
Qulnn, acting Coroner, conducted an in
quest to-night in the case of Frank Fur
tado. who was gored to tieath last Sun
day by a maddened elk at Piedmont
Springs Park... The testimony was a re
cital of the occurrence as witnessed by
Leslie Spencer, M. Jones and the young
man's brother, Joseph Furtado, foreman
at the park. Dr. Guy H. Liliencrantz was
also a witness as to the fatal injuries.
The jury returned a verdict in accordance
with the facts. v /
Inquest in Furtado Case.
, President Wheeler will be heard during
the, evening session. 1 " The j installation ol
the new county officers and a consecra
tion service led by the Rev. Wilsle Martin,
assistant pastor of the First Methodist
Church, will ;be. conducted during the
evening meeting.,' '; ,. ' ' .
This subject Is one of the subdivisions
of the general theme for the convention,
namely, "Strenuous Endeavor."
• The convention will open in the after
noon at 3:30 o'clock. There will be the
usual devotional j exercises, > with music.
During the first session of the convention
Superintendent Halllday of the First Con
gregational Church Sunday-school will
present his A views on "Strenuous En
deavor In the Sunday-school." This will
be Mr: Halliday's first public appearance
before the Endeavorers.
"Strenuous Endeavo'rs In the Church"
has been selected by the Rev. H. H.
Wlnkler, the new pastor of Alden Presby
terian Church, as his subject. The clergy
man is one of the favorite Endeavorer
speakers.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California has consented to
make the principal address at the annual
convention of the Alameda County Chris
tian Endeavor Convention, which will be
held February 14 at the First Methodist
Church. The topic of the collegian's ad
dress will "be "Strenuous Endeavor in
Civic Life." - . J
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 1.
Endeavorers Arrange for
the Annual County ¦ _ .
Convention.
HEARS HIS OWN
BONES BREAKING
The present directors of the club have
been indefatigable in their labors, first to
open the way to the possession of new
quarters, and later in attending to all the
perplexing details of carrying the plans
into execution. At the same time the or
ganization has been rejuvenated by the
introduction of- new blood and the arous
ing of the older membership. The club
has almost doubled in size during the last
two months, the rolls showing an Increase
from 200 to 330- names.
The board of directors consists of Presi
dent John A. Britton, Vice President Dr.
Andrew Fine, George P. Morrow, E.- L.
Brayton and G. B. Belcher.
6 ««*-H-4-H--H-K««-*-^M^-+-h- O
and luxury. Most of them are already
asigned to members, who will fit them up
to suit their individual .tastes. These
rooms are so arranged that every one is
sunny and well ventilated. They open
upon a private passageway; which sepa
rates them from the "chirps" room.
Extending around the south and east
Bides of the theater are fourteen suites of
private apartments. These are finished
with . every,, appointment.. of convenience
Luxurious Private Apartments.
The "chirps" room Is strikingly well ap
pointed. Ample in elze and ' generous in
treatment, it not only affords seating ca
pacity for the club membership, but Is in
its unadorned simplicity an artistic gem
of Itself. The woodwork Is in white, with
gold! trimmings. A dainty proscenium
arch Is supported by Grecian pillars,
framing a stage specially adapted to the
club's entertainments. The floor la fin
ished for dancing and covered with can
vas. < '; Y ¦ .'• : : ¦ .'. .*
The upper floor is occupied by the thea
ter or "chirps" room and the private
apartments for members who live at the
club.
Entering the clubrooms proper, the vis
itor first passes through the stately hall
way, the lofty ceilings of which are up
held by Doric columns. The hall and the
adjoining billiard-room are finished In
white and gold. Opposite the billiard
room are the assembly-room, writing
room, library and directors' room, occu
pying the front of the floor. The assem
bly-room is the most elaborately finished
in the building.. It is paneled in burhled,
mottled and curly redwood, the contrast
ing graining and tints being so utilized as
to produce a rich and harmonious effect.
The room Is sumptuously, furnished and
carpeted. ' .
Interior Arrangements.
Kitchens adjoining the cafe will be used
by the club's chef In the preparation of
light lunches and suppers. An arrange
ment with a caterer who will open a ro
tisserie on the ground floor enables mem
bers to have full-course dinners served
In the club cafe.
The Athenian Club has the entire second
and third floors of the building. A stair
way paneled in mahogany leads to a
lauding whence two passages lead to the
cafe an«j the clubrooms proper, thus en
abling members to take guests to lunch
or dinner without passing through the
apartments devoted to club uses. The
cloakroom is accessible from each pas
sage. . ' * .
The cafe Is designed by President Brlt
ton to have more " significant purposes
than those of the ordinary banqueting
room. He desires to bring together there
the more progressive spirits in Oakland
mercantile circles and make the mer
chants' lunch an institution in the city's
progress.
was designed throughout especially for
the club's use. When Architect WaKtr J.
Mathews, himself a charter member of
the club, was commissioned to p.sn t3ie
tnl'.'j&vz, ;t -was distinctly un<leisioo<i th:it
hfl was to have free play in every particu
lar. Unhampered by any limitation, he
has prccuced a chef d'oeuvre for which
ccngruiu ations are being showered upon
him. • From long membership in the or
ganization, the needs of which he sought
to anticipate, he was enabled to arrange
for every detail requisite to the erection
and equipment cf an ideal club honr?.
SPLENDID NEW HOME OP THE ATHENIAN CLUB OF OAKLAND,
WHICH WAS FORMALLY DEDICATED LAST NIGHT. AND THE
• PRESIDENT OF THE ORGANIZATION.
mg association with the Postoffice hav
tg given him a wide acquaintance.
AN OAKLAND MAN AND MIS
SOURI BELLE WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
"I look back eighteen years ago to the
day when this club sprang Into life with
an aggregation, of men that for years held
the reins of pleasure, whose names stood
for cordiality, good-fellowship and true,
honest friendship.
"We began eighteen years ago on
Broadway and Walter Mathews began
v.-ith us. We prospered, we became rich,
¦we became reckless, we moved; we took
Mathews with us. we prospered more.
Now we have prospered still more and
moved again. I want to thank Will Hen-
Ehaw on behalf of the club, for It is he
¦who made possible this building.
"We want the club to prosper and be
come a home to you all and take Its place
among the clubs of the world."
Uncle George Bromley was there to tell
some of his funny stories, and other peo
ple entertained until late in the night.
Good cheer was dispensed Informally,
end the house-warming gave the mem
bers and their friends excellent oppor
tunity to Inspect the many excellent ap
pointments of the Athenians' new home.
Designed Especially for Club.
The rew h«me of the Athenian Club
Never I*ost Itatlie-ws.
Bohemians sangr twice and the President
followed them with a talk In which he
spoke as follows:
"In the name of the- Athenian Club I
¦welcome yoo to our new halL I hope this
occasion la a forerunner of the success
that ve desire — of the good times we'll
have in this new place.
"May your shadows never grow less;
may the sound fit the clink of glasses
that resound In the cars of the directors
never jtow less.
On account of the rain It was necessary
to change the programmme somewhat
Instead of assembling at the former club
rooms the members went directly to the
new retreat. There the clubmen con
versed and mingled for two hours before
President John A. Brltton bade them as
semble in the beautiful white and gold
"chirps" hall upstairs.
President Britton called his fellows to
order to announce that the Bohemian
Club choral would entertain before he
soared into the heights of oratory- The
OAKLAND. Feb. L— The Athenian
Club said good-by to-night to the
old home it has known 6O many
years and ensconced Itself In the
new quarters at Fourteenth and
Franklin streets. Several hundred mem
bers and their guests gathered in Jollity
and ecod fellowship.
STRENUOUS LIFE
WILL BE THEME
Mr. Sterling is known very favorably
among the business men of this city, his
It was Mr. Sterling's quiet modesty that
prevented him from announcing the ap
proaching event to his fellow-workers. in
the Postoffice Department. And it was
that same trait which impelled him to
go far away for the wedding in which his
many friends arc so warmly interested.
There was a touch of the romantic added
to the affair, in that the groom and the
bride-elect are speeding over the rails
from far distant points to Join hands in
wedlock when they shall meet.
There will be a honeymoon trip and
afterward Mr. and Mrs. Sterling will re
turn to Oakland. They will reside at
1266 Franklin street.
The groom-to-be met his prospective
bride a year ago during a visit Mrs.
Swardts was making with friends In
Oakland. Cupid took a hand in the
friendly correspondence which followed
Mrs. Swardts' departure for her Eastern
home. The result !s the wedding, which
will take place at Reno to-morrow.
Mr. Sterling has kept the fact of his
engagement a secret and the news of his
marriage will come as a complete surprise
to his friends and associates, who had
no idea that the trip to Nevada would
have so romantic an ending.
xr>. AKLAND, Feb. l.-George E.
/ \V Sterling, for thirteen years a let
1 IB ter-carrier on Broadway, left this
'\ m Jf morning for Reno, where he will
meet and wed Mrs. Irene Swardts
if St. Joseph, Missouri.
Mrs. Girard said to-night: "I have not
seen the complaint and have nothing to
Bay/about the ¦ charges until I can con
sult advisers."
Mrs. West is at present a resident of
Arizona, where her husband is engaged
in mining operations. She is Mr. Girard's
eldest daughter and the offspring of his
first marriage. t
Finally Mrs. West prays that the court
take cognizance of the manner in which
Mrs. Girard secured the property and
that she, Mrs. West, be given an equal
division of her father' Restate. She asks
that a receiver be appointed to take
charge of the property until a Judicial de
cision is had determining to whom it shall
be awarded. . * . . -¦ ?
Further Mrs. West complains that Mrs.
Girard is extravagant with the personal
property in her possession and that she
spends more than $500 a month on per
sonal expenses.
Charges Extravagance.
Since Mr. Girard's death Mrs. Girard
Is alleged to have secured to her pos
session all the personal property, includ
ing the interest in the Girard Piano Com
pany and the Central Bank shares, from
which she is appropriating to herself the
income. She is also alleged to have held
an auction sale in the family residence,
when all the furniture was sold, the pro
ceeds going to the widow.
All 1 these transactions, the daughter
complains, were done with- the under
standing on the part of her father that
they were to be recorded when he first
anticipated death, but when he recovered
he did not again renew that provision.
Notwithstanding these acts of revoca
tion, the plaintiff continues, on September
21, after the death of Mr. j Girard, Mrs.
Girard obtained possession of the deeds
to the lots in the Rowland tract and had
them recorded. She also had recorded
the deeds to the Monterey. property. -
The death of Girard, who died intestate,
occurred September J.9, 1901. Since then,
the daughter says, there has been no ef
fort on the part of Mrs. Girard to have
the estate probated. She charges that
this Is the result of the stepmother's at
tempts to get hold of the entire estate.
Mrs. West asserts that prior to July 30,
1901, Mr. Girard, fearing that death -was
about to overtake him, executed deeds of
gift, conveying his realty to the defend
ant, though Mrs. West claims that these
documents were never delivered during
her father's lifetime. Subsequently her
father recovered from his fear of death
and revoked the deeds.
Accuses Stepmother.
Mrs. West declares that as the daughter
of Girard she is entitled to an equal share
in his estate. Instead of receiving even
a portion, however, she says that her
father was persuaded to deed away all
his property before his death to his wife
and his other two children, Frank Girard,
aged 19 years, and Ida Girard, aged It)
years. .The bulk of the property went to
the widow. It consists of lots in Oakland
and Monterey, shares in the Central Bank,
stock in the Girard Piano 'Company, cash
and securities of unknown value, but
worth sojnewhere between $50,000 and $100,
000. •
"The defendant made false and defam
atory statements to the deceased during
his lifetime concerning 1 the plaintiff," is
the language of the 1 daughter's complaint.
"She created a feeling of prejudice and
hatred between the deceased and the
plaintiff and for many years succeeded in
preventing her from visiting the do
ceased."
In the" division of her father's estate,
which la valued at between $50,000 and
$100,000, Mrs. West asserts that she was
entirely Ignored by him! This refusal to
recognize her, she says, v is due to .the
scheming of her stepmother, :who ac
quired an ascendency over her father's
mind to the absolute exclusion of her*
self . .v
Charging that her stepmother made
false and defamatory statements against
her . and brought , about an estrangement
between herself and father, Mrs. Lessie
West of Arizona began suit to-day against
Mrs. Dora Girard, widow of the late
Frank R. Girard, the former Councilman
and president of the Girard Piano Com
pany, for a division of the estate left by
her paternal relative.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 1. .
Jhe Plaintiff Accuses Her. , of
''.'¦¦ Influencing the De- \Q
ceased.
Frank R. Girard Leaves
Bulk of Estate to
Widow. .
DAUGHTER SUES
FOR HER SHARE
George E. Sterling W.ll Join Mrs. Irene Swardts, Who Is
Hurrying Westward From Her Former. Home in St.
J s ph, and They Will ; Be Married When Journeys End
SPEEDS EAST TO MEET
HIS AFFIANCED BRIDE
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES.. OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| DAINTY ]FTplHf
I LITTLE B 11 \\
QUARTER- {I B vi fl
SAWED I I | [S
TABOURET | W
Let us estimate the cost
of furnishing your estab-
lishment complete. Lib-
eral credit. Free delivery
in Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley. We close at 6
except on Saturday*
-T. Brilliant
I FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET
Opposite Union Square. * - ¦¦
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ' .
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Elck Headache. Biliousness. Con-
Etipation, Pilee and nil derangements of the
Internal Viscera, 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by malL RADWAY & CO.. New York.
i|^%Diseasesof Men!
: w **$*f ' Tfa'ey 'Should Be Cured 1
..'¦^^^fer--.^ Oece 9 and -Cured. to- 1
rrr HE CUKE OF VARICOCELE. RUP- More men have been cured by this test!- I
1 ture. Loss of .Vital Power and all dls- tntion than by any other association of B
' . • ,. .- ¦ physicians on tho Coast. Their treatments a
eases of men has engaged the attention of are more rational, more modern and more 0
Dr. Meyers & Co. for nearly a quarter of effective than any physicians practicing In i
.a century. /They; understand more fully $• ffi^^S SS 3&3K&3MR I
¦ than most physicians the disastrous po3sl- thoroughly and without Inconvenience and H
bilities of these diseases. • suffering. '«'"'"-'• fj
cuS ta w sr«s te r h :i£. i™;j£:z IF you cannot call |
ail who are famiilar with the intimate re- &^&&35SZ I
latlon existing between .pelvic disorders lope full particulars of their home. cures, H
and the constitution in general. now being successfully used by hundreds |J
If you desire to take the short cut to per- Freef^ym'enU^rSnged J
feet health and have no time to spend In to suit patient. - y
making experiments, come and talk the mat- All nicAocoo nf wi__ fi
•] ter over with one of these able physicians. AH /IJlSeaSeS OI i*leil ,-¦
'.look over the Institution with Its equipment Receive the personal and most careful at- B
¦and convenience,. Interview cured patient, "^tSL^r&SF'SSZ^'Z^
- to whom you may be referred, and then.act vitality. ¦ nervous debility, weakness and all
upon your own good Judgment. disorders of men. • ¦
DD. MEYERS & CO., 73 LKl s S eV
• ¦ HOURS— Daily, 0 to 4; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to II.At the meeting of the Past Arches' As
sociation, more than forty members be
ing present, one eligible was elected and
the degree conferred on Past ; Noble
Arches M. H. Hernan and A. Green.
Hartnagle Chapter at Its last held meet
ing Initiated one candidate 1 and a number
of resolutions looking toward the ad
vancement of - this ' branch of Druldism
were presented/ and upon these action
will shortly be taken. Past Noble ¦ Arch
Glasser was the candidate Initiated.
Noble Grand Arch Godeau has appoint
ed J. F. Fugazi, grand trustee, Vice Ja
cob Nickels, deceased. . The newly ap
pointed Is well known In railroad and
steamship circles.
The visit of the Past Arches' Associa7
tion to McKinley Grove on the last Fri
day in January was a very pleasant one.
It was a most satisfactory one to the
visitors, among whom were a number of
past grand and present grand . officers.
These, alter witnessing the work of ini
tiation and observing the great decorum
preserved -by the members during that
work and during the business of the
grove, expressed themselves as extremely
well pleased with the manner In which
McKinley Grove is- -carried on, and the
indications are that this grove, which is
but four months old, and in that time
has increased its membership from thirty
nve to ninety-two, will continue to be
what it is at this time, the model grove
of the order in , San, Francisco. A num
ber of the visitors stated that they had
learned many things' which they would
recommend for adoption in their respec
tive groves. Among those who spoke
during ' the evening were Past Noble
Grand Arch . G. H. Bahrs, Grand Treas
urer Horn and President Armstrong of
the visiting association.
At the meeting of Hartnagle Chapter
of the United Ancient Order of Druids on
the last Monday in January there was
work in the initiatory degree and - a very
pleasant evening was spent. The chapter
will take part in the memorial services
of the Druids that will in all probability
be held in Golden Gate Hall on the after
noon of the 23d of the current month.
The Druids.
During tire past week Grand Sub-Chief
Companion Mrs. Worms officially visited
the circle in San Jcse and found it in a
prosperous condition. After an examina
tion into the business methods and wit
nessing the work there was a, banquet In
honor of the visitor. The same officer
also visited the circles in Chico and
Marysville. She reports that the circles
in the Interior are doing welL
On the last Tuesday in January Inter
Nos Circle had a very pleasant meeting
after the work of the evening. Two fea
tures were a divorce a . marriage,
both of which were productive of a gr«»at
deal of laughter.
On the night of the last' Thursday In
January Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee. the grand
treasurer, was treated to a surprise ban
cuet in the hall of Golden Era Circle, of
which she is a member. This was a token
of apprecation of the honor that has been
conferred upon her in elevating her to
the high position she now nils. Jacob La
bel presided as toastmaster and after sup
per he called upon for short talks Su
preme Sub-Chief Mrs. L. Atwood, Grand
Sub-Chief Mrs. Worms, Chief Compan
ion Annie Legus and a number of others
and he then on behalf of the circle pre
sented to Mrs. Van Ee a pair of artistic
statues and a candelabra as a mark of
the love the members bear for her. The
meeting was a very pleasing one and all
were happy.
American Companions.
The smoker that was given by Burnaby
Lodge of the Sons of St. George on the
last Saturday in January In its lodgeroom
was attended by nearly 200 people, who
were treated to a lengthy programme of
comic and sentimental songs, monologues,
instrumental selections on various instru
ments, 'stories and an address on "The
Birth and Growth of Burnaby Lodge," by
William Clack. The many numbers were
contributed by A. H. Hutton, J. I. Pot
ter, C. Bendel, H. W. Gerrans, C. Riffee,
R. Ewart, Mr. Hodgson, Mr. Carles, F.
A. Grlfflngs, Elton Lambert, C. Nauman,
W. W. Brackett, Mr. Williamson and W.
J. Welch. Of the contributors Messrs.
Hodgson, Carles and Williamson are
members of Pickwick Lodge. Pipes and
tobacco were furnished and there was a
good supply of frankfurters, potato salad,
sandwiches, lemonade and beer. The
evening closed with the singing of "Amer
ica," "God Save the King" and "Auld
Lang Syne." Dr. Z. T. Malaby was the
cire of the evening and he was assisted
by H. W. Gerrans, A. W. Martin. P. C.
Woodhouse, R. Leach and President G.
E. Fisher. J
Sons of St. George.
The last installation in the - Rebekah
lodges for the term was that of the offi
cers of Amity Lodge on the last Satur
day In January by Mrs. Floy C-Urqu
hart and her staff. The new officers are:
Hattie Hudson, P. G. ; Sarah Thompson,
N. G. ; Emma Archer, V. G.; Sophie Math
ews, R. S.; Florence Glovahersi, 1<YS.;
Emma Anderson, T.; Hattie FennR., and
Laura Lowrle L. S., to N. G. ; Lela Zeig
ler R., and Sara"h Moulton L. S., to V.
G.; Ada Stites, • W.; Antoinette 'Hoitz,
C; . Ida Allen, chaplain; Fannie Igo,
organist. The retiring past noble
grand was presented" with- a beau
tiful jewel by the lodge through . Josiah
Young, after which a bunch of fragrant
flowers was presented to the new noble
grand. The retiring noble grand was pre
sented a richly embroidered collar by the
lodge through A. J. Styche. There was a
duet by Arthur and Tillle McPhee, the
picking of oranges from : boughs distrib
uted all over the hall and dancing-.
The members of the San Francisco •Re
bekah, drill team paid a visit last week
to the residence of their commander, Cap
tain Allie Parker at 202% Ninth street, to
give W. O. Parker,, the captain's son. a
surprise on the twenty-nrst anniversary
of his. birth. '..'.The affair was well man
aged and was a delightful one. ,
, San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps will
have a party on the night of the 14th inst.
On the last Saturday night in. January
Templar Rebekah Lodge had a very
pleasant party in Memorial Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building. .It; was attended
by a very large number of people and un
der the direction of the following com
mittee: Mrs. Carson, Mrs. Drees,- Mrs.
Coffin, H. W. Osthoff and Fred Parker.
The following programme .was presented:
Fancy dance. Walter Maglnnlss; . special
ties, Lloyd Spencer; vocal isolo, Nina
Krellson: banjo selections, - Professor
Mansfield; specialties, • Nina- Tllson' and
Maude Sharp; monologue, Norrls Parent
and Instrumental - selections by Professor
Clarkson's ¦ .; Mandolin . , Club. • The . pro
gramme was well; received,-; particularly
the last number, which was loudly ap
plauded in token of approval. - ¦
Oriental Rebekah ' Lodge at - Its - second
meeting In February will have seven can
didates to initiate. - Next ¦:¦ Wednesday
Mission Rebekah Lodge will have' an
entertainment and dance in its hall on the
night of the 22d of February.
On the night of tne 27th of January
Loyal Rebekah Lodge was visited by Mrs.
Nellie Mitchell, president of the Califor
nia Assembly. \ In addition to the dis
tinguished visitor who paid the lodge a
special visit to ascertain how well the offi
cers were versed in the work of the order
there were Mrs. Alma . I. Jensen, mar
shal; Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary;
Mrs. Lease, treasurer, and Mrs. Mary A.
Hawley. past president of the assembly.
There were also present Grand. Master
Nichols and Past Grana Master Watson.
Two candidates were initated by Miss
Ella R. Bourne and her corps of officers in
such a manner that when it came to good
of the order the president of the assem
bly declared that there was not anything
that she could criticize. After the work
of tne lodge in the different branches had
been fully exemplified there was a social
session which proved to be one of the
most pleasant ones that has been known
in a Rebekah lodgeroom in many months.
Parker Lodge had its officers installed
at its last held session by District Deputy
Grand Master \ Gibson, assisted by J. F.
Nichols as marshal. The Installation
ceremonies were followed by a collation
and a social hour when there were a
number of addresses for the good of the
order.
The semi-annual election of officers of
the San Franicsco Relief Board will be
held in Odd Fellows' building to-day.
Grand Master Nichols paid an official
visit to Herman Lodge In the last Tues
day In January, and the reunion proved
a very interesting one.
Bay City Lodge at its last held session
had a double initiation. 5 :;-.\\ .-''
A new lodge of the order of Odd Fel
lows was Instituted at Richmond, Contra
Costa County, on the night of the 1st
inst., with a good charter roll. The insti
tuting officer was Grand Master Nichols,
who was assisted by a number of the
grand officers and the membershiD of
Crockett Lodge that was accompanied by
a brass band.
Odd Fellowship.
tee. was instructed to report at the next
meeting. . . .
The visit of Noble Grand Arch Godeau
and Grand Secretary Martinoni to the
grove at Santa Rosa was a very pleasant
affair. There were present many visitors
from this city and from groves in the
vicinity. .At the close of the visit there
was a banquet, at which Past Noble
Grand Arch Hoag presided.
The initiation "of- a large class of stran
gers into Tamalpais Grove on the last Sun
day in January in San Rafael by the team
of Golden Star Grove of this city was a^i
unusual event. The work- of the, initiat
ing officers was greatly praised by Noble
Grand Arch Godeau. The team was cap
tained by S. J. Rossi and assisted by Dr.
Sickel, N. A.; P. J. Moliterno, W. J. An
tonovich and D. Antonovich. . -. > . "
Golden Gate Council, which now has a
membership of 374 members, at its last
held meeting decided to try a new plan
to have a large attendance— not that there
is not a goodly number, present at eacli
meeting, but it is the desire of the pres
ent officers to have If possible every chair
filled at each session. The. plan is that
if members attend sbc consecutive meet
ings their names will be registered and
at the close of the sixth meeting thero
will be a drawing and the lucky one will
have his assessment for three months
paid by the council. This, however, bars
out the officers of the council. ! The coun
cil'after the meeting was entertained by
addresses by Senator Filed, Deputy Bunt
ing, Treasurer Baker, Sergeant Healy and
musical selections by the quartet.
Deputy Bunting, assisted by H. W.
Maass as usher. Installed the following
officers of Yosemite Council last week:
H. Beaver, president; H. Baum, vice
president; H. Block, speaker; F. J.
Rumpf. ex-speaker; William W. Peck, re
cording and N. C. Harris financial secre
tary; Joseph Clark, treasurer; G. S. Dodd,
usher; H. C. Poetz, chaplain; Fred Holz,
sergeant at arms, and Jacob Hoff,< door
keeper.
Union Council at its last held meeting
elected a -stranger for admission by ini
tiation.
may be mentioned E. H. Hills of San
Francisco Council; Dr. A. H. Millberry of
the same council; Norman R. Arter of
Golden Gate Council, H. W. Maass of El
Dorado Council. J. N. Bunting of Pacific
Council and W. W. Healey of Golden
Gate Council.
THE BRIGHT SEVEN-TEAR-OLD l'RUM MAJOR OF THE BOYS 1 MA
SONIC HOME BAND AND THE INSTRUCTOR WHO IS MAKING MU
SICIANS OF THE YOUNGSTERS.
On the last Thursday in January the
new officers of California Chapter Initi
ated a class of fourteen, namely: Captain
Jesse M. Baker of the U. S. S. Grant,
Mr. and Mrs. William Cumback, Mrs.
Kate M. Hare, Darrell A. Hare. Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Grover, Miss Lulu P. Ed
wards, Harvey D. Loveland. commander
of Golden Gate Commandery; Arthur
Blake Price. Herman C. Gingg, Hiram S.
Hutchings James, L. O. Braunswig and
F. BuswelL The work was done by the
new officers in a manner that has never
been excelled in the chapter, and it was
highly commended by Past Grand Patron
Miller of Orepron. as each officer was per
fect. The officers were all, except the
matron and the chaplain, robed In white,
and Queen Esther wore a dress that was
covered with spangles. The work was
followed by a banquet that was partaken
of by about two hundred. There were a
number of speeches, including a decidedly
humorous one by Captain Baker.
King Solomon Chapter at its last held
meeting elected three candidates, and at
Its meeting next Tuesday will have work
In initiating Ftramrers.
Unity Chapter of the Order of the
i-aeiein Star or Oakland had a most en
joyable musical and literary entertain
ment in Alcatraz Masonic Hall on the
night of the 2Sth of January. There was
a good attendance of members and visit
ors, who were all delightea with the high
class programme that was presented.
X>anclng followed the programme.
On the night of January 27 Olive Branch
Chapter had a very pleasant mc-eting. and
the new officers had an opportunity to
display their knowledge of the floor and
ritualistic work, which thrv did in j> mo<=t
acceptable manner by the initiation o/
Joseph and Martha Bosccberg, William
Miller, Marian Orccnl.org and Bertha and
Emma Mendelsohn. During the ceremony
of initiation the music incidental to the
came was furnished by Honry Mauser, a
member of the chapter. Under pood of
tne order there were a number of ad
dresses by visitors, who praised the offi
cers for their proficiency and predicted a
bright future for the chapter during the
current -ear. Five applications were
presented and these were referred to ap
propriate committees. After the meeting
closed The chapter pave proof of its hos
pitality by Inviting all present to a colla
tion, during which several of the mem
bers who are musically inclined enter
tained with choice selections on the piano.
Ivy Chapter initiated four strangers at
Its last held session, the work being Tor
the first time by Mrs. Tisdale, the ma
tron, and her officers. It was very well
core. After the meeting there was a
supper and dancing. Among those pres
ent were: Past Grand Patron Miller of
Oregon, District Deputy CJrand Matrons
Annie M. Johnson and Mabel B. Sey
mour, Grand Associate Conductress Mrs
Hickey, Worthy Matrons Cox, Klein.
Baehr and Tahernholtz, Worthy Patrons
Ordway and Kelly and Past Grand Patron
Darling.
Grand Matron Mrs. Giberson. will visit
Berkeley Chapter on the 4th inst.
During the past week five district dep
uty grand matrons visited the office of
the grand secretary the same dav— Mrs
Seymour of District No. 6, Annie M.
Johnson of No. 7, Mrs^-M. B. Williams of
No. 8, Lillian Bond of No. 8 and Mrs.
Susie G. Sturdevant of No. 16..
cians at the Masonic Widows'
end Orphans' Home, has been so much
pierced with the result cf its efforts and
with the rapid advar.ee of the boys that
it has decided to furnish the band witii
thect k:us;c ar.d bocks so that it may be
up to duie. To accomplish this it has
4LT2-o.iiged tor another entertainment to
be given in Golden Gate. Hail on the 8di
inst. A feature of tne entertainment will
be the presence of the httle musicians,
who win tiute part in the programme anU
will lead the grand marcn, with Master
J^oster, the sc-ven-ycar-old drum major,
in iue Iront. "i u<t luiiowmg wut u<; ina
iJic.yiiji.iiuc-: Owtiiwc, i,ci:ueu s crenel
Uix, «uu.ttj I,- x u.i^ v>.uuu acuwtc-f C. u
iaiio:i, tcnuu.i •,.. i,. t i.u.iiu; ICC?
J-SLliOll, liiiLilli lit JwOl.l, \.l.lT. ;..Ul«.>. 1J.V1-
IU&I1 yaint-z; i,ari luiie Sijiv. ' otjijje i*.
x'cieusyu; fepecuuues, t>:uy lijneb; con
iiaity hom, i-iuau \»iisoa, ui^irumeutai
*»oiu, fc. fciunutis; laucy oance, Clarence
iirown ana lciui LucjLaxswa; stcrcopticon
views ana dancing. 'i.n« >uunf musicians
i.u-. c been lnsiructea uy 1,-fui^our vx. \v.
x^niiett, a prominent member of the or
der, tuia JQe feels very proud of the fact
uiai they were the onea wno lurmsiieJ
the music on tne occasion or tne mtiu^
of the cornerstone at tne new CourtQouau
In Martinez by the Masons and at a con
cert fiven in Stockton. Mayor Hchmita,
who Has heard the little lellows piay,
»>4tya tnat they art good players and will
muke good musicians. It is for the pur
pos« oi advancing them that tne chapter
will give the entertainment, bo that they
inay nave the latest music that is written
lor bands. The chapter expects to realize
at least tbOO tor this purpose." The general
committee having charge of the arialr Is:
.Mra. Lizzie Tonriingsen. Henry Knuat,
Lmma F. Leiboid, Minnie G. Stebblna
and George Caley, assisted by Mrs.
isertaa. Stark, \V. M.; Pnineas F. Fergu
fuson, \V\ P., and John Tonningsen. 1\
\. i*-, and all the members of me chan
ter.
ALIFORNIA CHAPT12R of the
//\~~^ Order of the Bastrrn ' Stor.
fl \ which several months ago got'
IV \ up a monster cnteriainm '.it for
\^>J-^7 the purpose of providing in
-' Etrurncnts for the little musi
AS COLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS OF LODGES
Franklin Circle, O. at F.
. . Franklin Circle of , the ; Companions of
the Forest of the Ancient Order of For
esters has arranged for a social • enter
tainment on the night or. the 6th of Feo-
.San Francisco Hive of the Ladles of the
Maccabeea ¦ has ; had It3 officers ¦ for the
current term installed by Lady Aydelotte
State commander. They are: Lillian H*
Rlnner, past 'commander; Elsie Kimbaii
=anfecae e M^C^kllnS
ory, sergeant; rElizabeth Haun? mlstrew
at arms ; Eva Ktrschberg, sentinel • and
Mary ,Devlne, The ceremontai
were foffowed by a collation and I Social
Ladles of , the Maccabees.
The following . named have -been in
stalled as the . officers of , Pacific Tent of
the Maccabees for the current term: T.
W." McDonald, past commander; Andrew
W. Roberts, commander; J.. A. Roberts,
lieutenant commander; Sol Lewis, record
keeper; T. D. Davis, financial recorder-
C u B * . Hat^« chaplain; Dr. L. Gross!
physician; T. W. Laumeister. sergeant 1
C, A. Carlson, master-at-arms ; J A.
Meyer, first, and W.^ H. : Laumeister, sec
ond master of the. guards; L. I. Swort
flnger, sentinel, and Frank Morrison,
picket. The new commander on behalf of
the tent expressed to the retiring com
mander, McDonald, its high appreciation
of his services while, in the chair, and
hoped , that " the - officers and - members
would,; during the current term, devote
their time: and jsnergy to the upbuilding
of the tent as they had done in the past
Knights of the Maccabees.
There is a possibility of a great contest
for . the office . of grand master workmen
at the next session of the Grand Lodge,
which will -be held In Native Sons' Halt
Last week the local deputies of the
grand master in this; city and .Grand
Overaeer Browning, and Grand , Recorder
Spencer were the guests at a dinner given
them by. Grand Lecturer. Danforth. .
. The grand recorder, grand overseer and
several members of local lodges visited
Sausallto. where • they Installed the offi
cers of the lodge there, after which the
members and the visitors were treated to
an excellent supper furnished by the
lodge.- ¦ .. ¦
Grand Foreman Freeman ' has been
heard from. He • will visit the lodges In
San.; Joaquln Valley during the current
month. . ' . ¦
- The extension committee paid a frater
nal visit on the last Thursday in January
to Golden Gate Lodge. -There was a good
attendance and valuable suggestions were
offered for the good of the lodge and the
order generally.
At the last held meeting of the exten
sion committee of • San ; Francisco .- ar
rangements were made to visit a num
ber of the local lodges during the cur
rent month. The first of theao will be to
San Francisco Lodge on the night of the
6th.--- ... .,.. -
The following named have been elected
officers of the A. O. XL W. picnic com
mittee that is to have charge of the an
nual picnic to be given this year at Glen
wdod on the 17th of June: Major M. J.
Blackman of Valley Lodge, president; R.
•H. McPherson of Prosperity, vice presi
dent; C. P. Shea of Yerba Buona, second
vice president; E. A. Smith of Harmony,
treasurer, and F. J. Magulre of Friend
ship, secretary. Edward Lee, Julius Mey
er, L. C. Kull, R. F. McKenzl© and C. E.
Sheffer were named as the committee on
transportation and F.. E. Farley,. L. H.
Kohn and F. J. Magulre as press com
mittee.
Magnolia Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen at its meeting on
January 29 decided ; to : remove from the
Red. Men's building to Pioneer Hall.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
At. the meeting of San Francisco Coun
cil No. 14 of the Order of Americus on
the last Tuesday in January the beautiful
work of the organization .was exemplified
in excellent style by the officers' initiating
several strangers. This council is not
working on the boom line, but is making
satisfactory growth and selecting the
most acceptable people into its member
ship. , . ¦ • , •.-;• ¦
Order of Americus.
Native Daughters.
District Deputy Grand President Susie
KalthofC installed the following named as
the officers of Sans Souci Parlor for th«
current term, being assisted in the cere
mony by Miss Regan as marshal and May
Flynn as past grand president: Mary
Mooney, P. P.; Mary Seaberg, P.; Kittle
Downing, Edna Levy and Leah Williams,
vice presidents; Nellie Bennett, M.; Min
nie F. Dobbin. R. S.; Alice Munson, F. S.:
Dora Blum. T.; Lizzie O'NellL Esther
Boyarsky and Dollie Hyms, trustees: Lu
cetta Perry, I. S.; Annie ;Walter8, O. S.;
Hattie Westerfeldt, organist. .The Instal
lation was followed by the presentation
of a fine emblematic jewel to Miss Moo
ney, the retiring president, and a bunch of
flowers to the installing officer.
Mrs. Baker, grand president, paid an
official visit on last Wednesday night to
Fremont Parlor and there was a great
deal of discussion on matters relating to
the good of the order.
On the last Thursday night of January
the new officers of Buena Vista Parlor
were Installed by Mrs. Julia A. Stein
bach, D. D. G. P., in the presence of a
very large number of members of the
order. After the ceremony Miss Alices
Ticoulet, the retiring president; who dur
ing her term proved one of the most*
painstaking and acceptable presidents
that the parlor has ever had, was pre
sented as a token of appreciation a mag
nificent diamond set sunburst pin. A beau
tiful crystal dish was presented to the
Installing officers, ' and then flowers were
presented to the grand president and to
the new president.
Angellta Parlor of Llvermore will en
tertain the grand president on the 7th
inst. Grand Secretary Miss Frakes has
been specially invited to be present. •
Haywards Parlor will give a grand ball
on the 12th inst. In celebration" of its first
anniversary.
Mrs. Annie Bedford of Eamellce Parlor
No. 41, and one of the charter members,
has retired from office in' the parlor, after
having served twenty -six consecutive
terms. A great deal of the success of this
harmonious little parlor was due to the
advice of this officer. She was a number
of times a representative of her parlor in
the Grand Parlor.
The officers of Amapola Parlor were In
stalled at Sutter Creek on the night of
the 24th of January. The ceremony was
witnessed by a large number of the citi
zens of that place.
.The following named were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary last
week: Levlna Ahlert, Monte Kobles Par
lor; Mrs.. McCormick, Buena Vista Par
lor; Dr. Meriana Bertola; Ramona Parlor;
Grand President Mrs. Baker; Mrs. W. H.
O'Brien. Pinole Parlor; Mrs. Boldemann.
La Eatrella Parlor; Mary Dempsey, Min
erva Parlor; Ida M. Kervan, Alta Parlor.
The following named have been elected
and installed as the officers of Mizpah
Court No. 1 of the Tribe of Ben Hur for
the current term: J. M. Custer, past
chief ;,W. H. Woodhall, chief; Jennie Beh
rens,' judge; Clara Hedger, teacher; D. L.
Dewey, , scribe: John' Cardell keeper of
t he. treasury ; T. R. Lynch, captain; Mary
Turner, guide; Katie Sere, keeper of 'the
inside gate; E. J. Sieniz, keeper of the
outside gate," and Pear Rryson, organist.
After the installation Chist Woodhall, on
behalf of the court, presented to J M
Custer, the retiring chief, a handsome em
blematic medal in recognition of his
faithful services during the time he pre
sided over the meetings of the court. This
was followed by an all round good time by
the members present. The court, which
Is making satisfactory progress, has a so
cial the first Monday night in every
month in the Odd Fellows' building
Tribe of Ben Hur.
The Eschscholtzias.
The third anniversary party of th«
Escbscholtzias In Mission Opera Hall on
the evening of January 23, was one of
the most delightful functions that has
been given by this very popular organiza
tion of the Mission District. There was
a good attendance of members and their
friends, who enjoyed a decidedly well ar
ranged programme of dances. This asso
ciation has given monthly socials since
Its. organization and each has been an
unexceptlonally pleasant -function. No in
vitation is issued unless the name of the
person to be invited is submitted to a
committee.
The feature of the grand entertainment
that is to be given by the Hayseed Band
of California Camp of the iWoodmeu of
the World in the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building on the night of the
13th inst. will be a concert by that band,
which was organized by Professor Lack
enback, and has A. I* Page for leader
and Joseph A. Wilson for manager. The
most select airs will be presented, and it
is expected that a juvenile hayseed band
will lend Its efforts to make the event at
tractive.
John S. Patterson, marshal of the
procession that Is to escort Head Consul
Falkenberg to the Mechanics* Pavilion
on the night of his arrival in this city,
February 17, has appointed V. F. North
rup as his chief aid for that night.
Woodmen of the World.
ruary, on which occasion the leading fea
ture will be the presentation ot a sketch
entitled "The Germaine Club at Home.
This will be followed by dancing. The
social will be given in the Laurel Hall
of the Shiels building. ,
Past Grand Recorder Hlrshberg will, It !a
said, be a candidate for that office against
Grand Foreman Freeman, who 13 In lln«
of promotion according to the usual rule.
- Excelsior Lodge Initiated two candi
dates at Us last held meeting. The lodge*
will give an entertainment on the 26th
inst.
Martha Washington Council is having
prepared- a large sized crayon portra.it of
the late Mrs. Agnes Thonagle, who was
one of the most efficient members, for
presentation to i the family of the de
ceased. This council initiated eight can
didates at "its last held meeting.
On the night of the last Tuesday in Jan
uary California Council of the Daughters
of Liberty gave a masquerade ball In the
Shiels building, at which there were
Snore than seventy-flve couples In cos
tume. The grand march was led by Miss
Laura Cantus, "a widow who burled her
husband that afternoon," and J. Cobly.
There was a great deal of guessing as to
the wearers of the masks, and Just before
unmasking Miss Laura Cantus was de
clared the wearer of the most original
female and Mr. Lord, as a "hayseed," of
the most original male costume. Miss
Lizzie Cantus as the Goddess of Liberty
and Mr. Shroyer as a brigand were the
wearers of the handsomest costumes. The
dance, after the unmasking, was kept up
until midnight. . :
Daughters of Liberty.
Lincoln Council has issued Invitations
for an entertainment to be given In the
social hall of the Pioneer building In cele
bration of the anniversary of the birth
of Abraham Lincoln. This event will be
given on the evening of the 13th Inst.
Since the lamented taking off of the
late President McKlnley this order has
awakened a new interest in patriotism,
and it Is reported as making rapid prog
ress. - i.
The San Francisco Councils of the Jun
ior Order of United American Mechanics,
whose cardinal principles are "Virtue,
Liberty and Patriotism," will observe the
anniversary of the birth of the Father of
His Country. by a grand patriotic enter T
tainment in Native Sons' Hall on the 22d
of February. There will be a programme
suited to the occasion and a patriotic ora
tion. The Daughters of Liberty will as
sist. -
The Junior Order.
There will be a meeting in this city on
the. 12th inst. for the purpose: of. electing
delegates to the Supreme Lodge that is
to meet in Los Angeles on the 17th of
March. The convention on the 12th will
be composed of delegates from all the
lodges of the order. * -
At the meeting of San Francisco Lodge
of. the Fraternal Brotherhood on the. last
Friday In January there were seven can
didates for initiation. This lodge has con«
eluded all its arrangements for the social
to be given on the 14th inst. in its lodge
room. " ¦ .....
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Saxon Lodge of the Knights of Honor
will have eight candidates. to initiate at
its next meeting.
Grand Dictator Archibald installed the
officers of Far West Lodge at Hamilton
Hall last week.-'. - ' • ••'
Thereport from the supreme office dated
February l has been received in this city.
It shows that during the month preceding
there were 154. deaths, of which fourteen
occurred in California. Before the list
was issued ninety-two of the claims were
paid and after paying all the claims be
fore the 10th there will be a surplus ot
?140,000.
Knights of Honor.
Court Yerba Buena at its meeting on
the last Tuesday In January decided to
give a parcel party on the 11th of Feb
ruary-in. the Laurel Hall of the Shiels
building, on which occasion an interest
ing programme will ,. be offered. ,This
court, with Chief Ranger Keller in the
chair, opens promptly at 8 o'clock and
gets through its business at an early
hour. ':.:¦¦ - ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦.'¦¦
During the past week the board of San
Francisco deputies of the order installed
the officers of Court Endeavorer, Court
Golden Era and Court Richmond.
On the last day of January the board
of San Francisco deputies held a meet
ing and adopted a plan to tender, a re
ception to the supreme officers and.dele
gates when theyvislt San Francisco after
the session in Los Angeles in the latter
part of April.
The next session, of the Supreme -Court
of the Independent Order of Foresters
will .onen in Los Angeles on the 29th of
next April. At that session there will be
representatives of the order from the five
continents. / *
Independent Foresters.
Anew court called Lewis Thome was
instituted in Los Angeles on the 20th oZ
January. Another new court was insti
tuted in. this city in the Richmond dis
trict, and it has been named Court Point
Lobos. H. Munler is the chief ranger and
W. A. Boca the financial secretary.
- The grand sub-chief ranger, accompa
nied by, a number of the grand officers,
paid a visit last week to Court Golden
Gate, on which occasion, after the official
business was over, a«beaut1ful horseshoa
diamond scarfpin was presented to tno
grand sub-chief by , the -court ¦ through
Grand Trustee H. L. Simon.
i The following named have been nom
inated as the officers for the relief board
of the Foresters of America: G. H. Vin
cent of El Dorado, president: George Men
ser of Golden West, vice president; David
Tear of Robin Hood, treasurer; Jacob
.,r e J of 'Aurora,, secretary. The election
will be held on the 8th inst.
, The following named have been Installed
aa the officers of Court Serfl Rock: E. W:
Jakobs; J. P. c. R.; J B Reighley, C.
B.; Joseph Gallagher, S. C. R.; E. J.
Coffney, T.; Ben F.. Johnson, F. S.; H. J.
Willis, R. s. (fourteenth term) : S. Carl
son, S.,W.; H.Lange, J. W.; F. Radeo
finger,; S. B.; Ed Burrows, J. B.; T. H.
Murray, treasurer; Dr. Charles M. Tropp
mann, lecturer; Dr.- A. K. Happaraberger,
physician. . '.
to the visiting grand officer show that the
court is advancing and that it bids fair
to become one of the largest In the juris
diction. ' ¦- '
night ' there will be a reception to the
Past Grands' Association.
Grand • Master. Nichols announces the
following official visitations for the cur
rent month: • . • . .¦•¦¦•-
'February 6, Berkeley Lodge No. 270, Berke
ley; February 7, Stockton Lodge No. 11. Stock
ton; February 8, Oakdale Lodge No. 22S, Oak-,
dale: February 10. Phoenix Lodge No. 239,
Gait; February 11. Progressive Lodge -No. 134,
Lockefcrd; February 12, Farmington Lodge No.
296, Farmlncton; February l'i, Franco-Italian
Lodge No. 2-12, San Jose; February 18,' Ander
eon Ixdye No. Arnierson: February 39,
Red Bluff Lodue No. • 76, Red Bluff; February
27. • Schiller Lodse No.- 105, Sacramento; Feb
ruary 28. Frar.klln Lodge No. : 74, Placervilie;
March 1, Granite Lodge No. C2, Folsjm.
Native Sons.
At the close 'of the installation of the
officers of Golden Gate Parlor of the Na
tive Sons of the ; Gold en West- there was
a banquet to the new and the retiring
officers' A -'one of the down to v/n restau-'
rants. There were .present about' oncf
hundred and fifty, including a number of
the grand officers. .Recording Secretary.
Adolph Eberhart, who acted as toast
master, called, for responses to toast3
tnat were given by acting Grand Presi
dent L. F. Byington, Frank H. Dunne,.
P. u. P.; R. P.. Troy, D. D. G. P.; James
L.. Gallagher, grand trustee, and John R.
Mclsaacs, president of the parlor. This
parior is - making arrajieements for a
granu entertainment to be given in May.
Alter ihe installation, of me officers of
San Francisco I Parlor the installation
banquet was had at an Italian restaurant
in honor of the new officers. Past Presi
cent.Edward Kittore was \he toastmas
ter,-and after the repast there were re
sponses to toasts by Lm. F. Byington, act
ing grand president; J. A.SteinDach, past
grand president; James P. Dockery. dis
trict deputy grand president; Ben Levy,
president; Dr. W. Jackson, F. Fiynn, R.
f. Troy, Frank Marinl, J. H. Nelson, L.
1 J . l J owelson, F. Salnsot, Emmett J. Hay
uen, J. Jurola. G. Bacigalupi, D. Cap
purra, J; Henney, F. Byon, G. Sallinger,
J. Hearty and William McPherson. Dur
ing the evening a gold and diamond badge
was presented "> to Charles Relnfeld, the
retiring past president. ,
The lohowing, officers of "Mission Parlor
were installed last week by Deputy Grand
President J. J. Gfeeley, assisted by Wil
liam Humphreys as grand marshal: Wal
ter Neat Brunt, past president; < Walter
V. Koch, president; Eugene Levy, K. H.
Turner and William Fairchild, vice presi
dents; C. Mark, marshal; G. tf. Long-, re
cording, and D. Erwin, linancial secre
tary; F. C. Gerdes, treasurer; F. H. Tib
bits, W. Guilfoyle and F. Hall, trustees;
-D. Cohen, Inside, and J. Erwin, outside
sentinel, and G. Gruger, organist!. The
installation was followed by a smoker
and a general, good time for more than
two hours.
Rincon Parlor, N. S. G; AV., has ap
pointed a committee to . arrange for a
smoker and entertainment to be given on
the night of the first Wednesday in Feb
ruary in Native Sons' Hall. Those se
lected are Supervisor W. J. Wynn, W.
II. Harrison and L. F. Serlcano and they
will provide all that will be required to
.make the affair a most enjoyable one.
Pacific Parlor has elected the^followins
named as its directors of the Hall asso
ciation: James Phelan. D. A. Ryan,
James O'Gara, W. B. Ilazcll and Leonard
Stone. •¦ - ,' ¦ , •
Knights of Pythias.
A new company of the Uniform < Rank
of the Knights of Pythias- will be'mus
tered in at San Bernardino on the 22d of
February by Brigadier General Mc-
Glashan and staff.. It is expected that
there will be am attendance* of several
hundred members of the order to witness
the ceremony. ¦ •?;>¦«-
Arrangements are in preparation for
the mustering in of a new company at
Santa Cruz in a short time. The muster-
Ing In officer will- be George Samuels..'"
A new lodge o£ the Knights of. Pythias
will be instituted at Hayfork, Trinity
County, by Deputy AV. C. Bissell of Wea
vcrville on the 7th of February, and an
other is to . be Instituted- at Ktna," Siski
you County.
Supreme Chancellor Fethers and Major
General Carnahan have returned to their
respective homes, well Satisfied with the
result of -their , visit- to- this ; city- 1* • con
nection with the approaching convention.
The Past Chancellors' Association has
in contemplation the honoring of Grand
Chancellor L. S. Calkins by tendering
him a reception, and then a banquet at
the Palace Hotel some time in the latter
part of February. On that occasion the
wives arid lady relatives of members of
the association will'tte present. .
The Merchants' Association has notified
the general committee of the Knights of
Pythias having charge of the entertain
ment of the i Supreme Lodge Convention
that it will name a committee to act in
conjunction with the - Knights to secure
funds. •.••¦-•- ¦
Information has been received from
Butte, Mont., that the entire company of
the Uniform Rank of that city will attend
the convention in this city in : August
next and that it will contest for all
prizes. " . • .
United Moderns.
California Lodge of the United Moderns
entertained its many friends on the night
of January 22 in the social hall of the For
esters' building, with the following pro
gramme, which was presented under the
direction of John* I* ¦ Cahill, S. C. Wallis,
W. B. Jackson and A. C. Greenfield as
chairman: Piano solo, Miss M. Under
wdod;. recitation, Miss Hazel Bawden;
tenor j solo, 'Professor Lowry; song,
"Ha-Le, Ha-Lo," Helen Neilsen; mu
sical novelties, M. Reigel and J.
Driscoll; vocal duet, "Life's Dream Is
O er," Little Alice Barnum and Lily
Reiner; soprano solo, Miss Beatrice Glea
son; selections on the autoharp, Profes
sor Lowry; specialties, Queenie Tilton
and Maud Sharp; contralto solo, Miss
Ethel Lucas; selections on the zither,
Miss Hoffman.
San Francisco Lodge of the Moderns
will . give a masquerade party for mem
bers only on the night of the 15th inst.
The next monthly social of ¦ California
Lodge will be given on the night of the
17th inst. . "¦ ¦ •
Young Men's Institute.
Grand President O'Leary of the Young
Men's Institute, in company of T. W.,
Kelly of Santa Cruz, paid a visit last
week to the council at Watsonville. '
Grand Director Whalen paid a visit "to
the council in San Jose on the 22d, on
which occasion ten candidates-were-in
itiated. Grand Director James P. Sexe
and Grand Treasurer Aggler were also
present. • ¦ . \ -
The various councils of this city are
making preparation for the celebration
of - Y. M. I. day on*the 22d of February.
There will be musical and' literary exer
cises at the Metropolitan Temple. *
Golden Gate Council of this , city will
have an unusual social function on the 6th
of next February. ' . . . . ' "
Foresters of . America.
Court Sotoyome, of the Foresters of
America, had its officers Installed on the
22dof January,. after which the old and
new:offlcers enjoyed a banquet tendered
them by the court. -' ,.''-• * ¦-¦¦'¦'
Senior Woodward Gabriel paid a visit to
Court Sycamore recently and was delight
fully entertained by the members.
The installation of the officers of Court
Hayes Valley was followed last week by
a grand entertainment, the several num
bers being furnished by Miss A. Ramsay,
Miss L. Archibald, P. Tulle, Miss O. Til
ton, M. . Sharpe, Elton Lambert, Rose
Cohen and Jack Harris. Dancing followod
the entertainment. •
- Court Sherwood Forest has made ar
rangements for the celebration- of -, the
tenth anniversary of its Institution In San
Jose. ;'. , - . . .... / -.. .
;.;; The court in San Luis Oblspo was visit
ed last week by Grand. Senior Woodward
Gabriel, on which occasion C.' AT Young
love, the retiring • chief ranger, was pre
sented a: valuable badge of • his - rank in
the order. ¦ • . - ;
• The visit of • Grand Sub-chief Ranger
Wolfe ' to . Court Defiance . on the > 23d of
January was. a very pleasant affair. There
was a large : number of the ' members and
visitors to greet him and the other grand
officers ; who accompanied him. • The hall
was a > marvel of artistic decoration. The
membership was addressed by John Heen
an, G. C. R. ; E. I. Wolf e, 8. C. R, ; John
J. Cordy. O. S.; John O'Brien; G. R. 8; H.
Gabriel,' G. S. W. ; Hr Simon; G. T., and
other members of the order. This) was fol
lowed by i a well arranged I programme | of
music,, songs and. literary efforts, also a
under the direction of Abe Cole
man, A. Wasch and W.O. Ford, the" com
mittee in charge. The . reports presented
THE SAN FRAN CIS JO CALL, SD N DAY, FEBRUARY, 2, 1902.
The time Is fast approaching when the
representatives from the several councils
of the National Union In California will
be called upon to select representatives to
the S^.ate of the order. San Francisco
has a number of members who are anx
lcus' Cox senatorial honors. Among them
Th,e national Union.
Great Sachem Boyce announces the fol
lowing official visitations during the cur
rent month: February 5, Coahufila Tribe,
San Bernardino: €th, Hiawatha, River
side; 10th, Cocopah, Los Angeles; 11th,
Pocahontas Council, city; 12th. Kaw-wah
nita Council, Stockton; '14th. Fotomac
Council, city; 17th, Samoset Tribe. Val
lejo; 18th, Otonkah, Napa; 20th, Matoka
Council, city; 21st, Alfarata Council, city;
23d, Montezuma Tribe, city; 27th, Iroauois
Stockton. . '
In the latter part of last' month the
jrreat eachem, great chief of records and
District Deputy Great Bachenf Mclntyre
paid an official visit to Yosemite Tribe,
and during the evening the 6itting tribe
was visited by the membership of Lollna
Tribe.
Dr. J. C. Hoffman of Healdsburg. D. D.
G. 8.. Is taking steps to organize a coun
cil of the Degree of Pocahontas in that
city.
Twelve councils were represented at the
raising up ceremony of the Degree of
Pocahontas recently.
W. R. Vaughn, a well-known Red Man
has started a publication in Washington.
D. C, devoted to the Interests of the Or
der of Elks and the Improved Order of
P.ed Men. His publication Is well made
up and filled with Interesting matter
The general committee of the San Fran
cisco tribes of the Improved Order of
Red Men will give a grand ball In Na
tive Sons' Hall on next Saturday night,
the 8th inst. The grand march will start
r.i 8:45 o'clock. -
Improved Order of Bed Men.
i The committee on memorial service for
the order to be held In Golden Gate Hall
on the afternoon of the 23d lnst. adopted
a plan* and an executive committee was
appointed to ascertain the feasibility;! of
putting It Into operation. - The commit-
32
ADVEBTISEMENTS. L ; J__ - m
The Kind That Men Admire.
Men admire a pretty face and a good figure, but sooner or later learn that
the fiappy woman, —that contented one is most of all to be admired.
Those troubled with fainting spells, irregularity, nervous irritability,
backache, the blues and that dreadful bearing down feeling cannot hope to bo
happy, and advancement in either home or social life is impossible.
It is clearly shown in the young lady's letter which follows that IiydlaE.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cer ainly cure the sufferings of wo-
men ; an-1 when one considers that Miss Murphy's letter iS only one of the count-
less hundreds which we are continually publishing in the newspapers of this
country the great virtue of Mrs. Pinkham'- medicine must be admitted by all ;
and for the absolute cure of all kinds oi female ills no Substitute can possibly
take it3 plac° Women should bear this important fact in mind when they go
into a drujr store, and be sure not to accept anything that is claimed to bo
"justasgood"asliydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, for no
other medicine for female ills has made so many Actual cures.
MISS MARGARETTA MURPHY, {
¦¦:•,' President "Lend-a-Hand Club," Seattle, wash.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — For three years I suffered with bearing
down pains, backache, became nervous and hysterical and could not
enjoy life as other young women did. A lady friend who had suffered
similarly and been cured, suggested that I try Lydia E. Pinkham*s Veg-
etable Compound. I had little faith hi it, but nevertheless I gave.it a
trial, and I am glad that I did. I kept getting better gradually and my
pains left me and within four months;! was a well woman. This is a
yaar ago- and I have never had any trouble since. I wish all suffering
women knew of your valuable medicine. — Yours very truly, Mabgar-
etta Mukpiiy, 2703 Sec. Ave., Seattle, Wash." V
Two flore Grateful Letters.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I feel it " Dkab.Mes. Pinkham : — I have
my duty to writa you in regard to been greatly benefited by the. use of
I your valuable medicine. I have been your medicine. I was troubled with
.'troubled with falling of the womb a pain in my side and any little un-
| and inflammation of the ovaries, and usual thing would almost prostrate
was so bad I could hardly walk across me I was so nervous ; I was so weak
the floor. The . doctors said it was I could not do my work ; menstrua-
. impossible for ma to get well unless I tion was very scanty. I tried med-
had an operation, but this I would icines for my nerves, also kidney and
I not listen to. Having read so much liver medicine, but nothing did ma
j about Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg- any good^ I then concluded to try
etable Compound I made up my I^ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
mind to give it a trial, and it has Compound. I took three bottles
done wonders for meJ . I commenced of it, and one box of your Liver Pills,
to feel better from the firsty dose, and and I haro not been sick' since. Thai
i today I am a well, healthy girl. was three years ago, and I have given
."Hoping that your vegetable" birth to two dhildren since then, and
Compound will relieve other sufferers do all my housework for a family ot
as it did me, an fl thanking you for re- six." — Mbs. John Moleb, Hillsboro,
storing my health, I remain, — Miss Ohio. (Nov. 19, 1900.)
; Alma Labson, Box 18S, Hudson/Wis." ' q v "
! . Don't hesitate to -write to Mrs. Pinkham if the re is anything:
: about your sickness you do not understand. She will treat you
with kindness and her advice is free. No woman ever regretted
writing her and she has helped thousands. Address Lynn, Mass.
dfAAA RE WARD. — We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
YtfallHSja ' whtcl1 bo P ai<l *« an 7 person who can find that th« above testimonial Jett«r
BiSa SB UK fl9 3 is nc ! t genuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special per-
X0 W<#V mlaaioo. tydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., iynn, Mau..PEKING, Feb. 1.— The first monthly in
«.taliment, amounting to 1.820,000 taels, of
'.he Chinese indemnity was paid yesterday
to the bankers' committee of the powers
at Shanghai.
China / Pays ' First Installment.
vi BUTTED Mont:, Feb, l.-A special to the
Miner ' from Anaconda says.". In the Dis
trict . Court to-day, ..Mrs. Margaret Daly
was i made • sole trustee r of '.the ? estate of
the | late Marcus Daly, with full power to
dispose of 'the property of the-estate and
to invest the proceeds: in any manner she
sees ¦ fit to the best interests J of her chil
dren. , * ;-.; '
Mrs. Daly/Is Sole ! Trustee.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 1.— At a meeting of the
Grange to-day . a resolution .was. intro
duced protesting against any action by
the Cured Fruit Association looking to
the closing j of | its affairs | or • the sale, of
the warehouse until such action had been
ratified by a two-thirds' vote, of the mem
bers. : It will be i acted upon next Satur
day. SeStePSHC^Sn
Protest From the Grange.
PHOENIX. ¦A. T.. Feb. 1.— Dr. A. Hed
llck and Gustavus Meyers, representing
the ' Hyde expedition for, the American
Museum of Natural History, arrived here
to-day, having completed their Investi
gations on the Papago, Pima and Mari
copa Indian reservations. They will leave
to-morrow for Hackberry, for. study and
exploration among the Supai, Hualapai
and Mojave tribes, and later will go down
the Colorado to ¦ the . Yuma . reservation.
Studying Arizona Indians.
! HELENA. ' Mont.. Feb. ; 1.— Governor
Toole to-day; honored «. requisition from
the. Governor of Colorado for W. S.
Berry, . wanted in Denver on. the charge
of swindling the Colorado National Bank.
Berry was arrested > at Billings, January
28.- Deputy Sheriff * Brown of Denver left
for Billings to-night.', '.
Governor Honors a Requisition.
From San ; Francisco— J. Gottlob, N.
Strauss and M. Levy, : at .the -Herald
Square; Miss Hopkins, at the Manhattan;
E. A. Phelps, -at the' Holland House; m!
J. Hideman, at the » Imperial ;¦< F. W.
Clarke, at the Earllngton; R. M.- Mien: at
the Plaza: Mrs. G. R. Robinson, at the
Navarre; R. Williams, at the Cosmopoli
tan.
NEW YORK, Feb. , l.-The - following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Calif ornlans : in New York.
ST. PAUL, Feb. 1.— The Board of Par
dons this afternoon " read ' and heard "dis
cussed a petition from James and Cole*
man Younger, life convicts, now out on
parole, asking for complete pardon, and
took the case under advisement.
Youngers Seeks a Pardon.
Senator and Mrs. Belshaw. went to Cat
alina to-day. They will return on'Mon
day, when the Flint campaign will be
mapped out, the details In the struggle to
cover all sections of the State. The sec
ond Thomas Flint Jr. campaign club will
be organized in the Third Ward, and all
sections of Los Angeles will be taken in
hand, each in its turn, this to be followed
by similar organization throughout the
county. : ; ¦•- ;'-.Vt:-": *'
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 1.— Thomas Flint
Jr. has been urged to visit Los Angeles
some time next week that he may confer
with Senator Charles M. Belshaw and
other Flint leaders while the former is in
Los. Angeles. Senator Flint undoubtedly
will comply with' the request of his
friends. He is expected here, about Tues
day.
Campaign Plans Will Be Formulated
at a Meeting in Los
Angeles.
FLINT WTLIi CONFER ?% % J\
WITH HIS SUPPORTERS
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 1.— A special to the
Miner from Missoula says the famous
Morning mine of the Coeur d'Alenes has
been closed down indefinitely. It was
given out that the cold weather was the
cause of the suspension, it freezing and
bursting the pipes leading to the work3.
About 115 men are thrown out of .work.
Famous Mine Is Closed.
DEPUTY SHEEIFF HOBBS
.;J '• MISSING FROM CLIFTON
Through Brooding Over
Sister's Murder.
Believed to Have Lost His Reason
a PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 1.— Deputy Sher
iff Lee Hobbs of Clifton disappeared, about
a week ago and no trace of him "can be
found. He told a friend shortly" before,
leaving that he would be absent 1 about
three days, and asked the friend to say
nothing about it. When he failed to re
turn ah Investigation of his books showed
a shortage of about $700.' This, however,
need ; not, have caused his flight,; as his
friends would willingly have made up the
amount. It is believed | the principal rea
son-for his disappearance is mental aber
ration. •'Less than a year;ago his sister
was murdered by her, husband, .and he has
constantly brooded over the. tragedy.
VICTOBY IS* WITH LODI
TJX HIGH SCHOOL DEBATE
Cup to the San Toaquin
County Trio.
Humboldt Team Loses the Stanford
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. l.-
The Lodl High School debating team was
given the decision to-night over the trio
of debaters from the Humboldt High
School of San Francisco in the final con
test for the possession of the cup offered
by the Stanford student body two years
ago, and which was won last year by the
Humboldt team. The debaters, who have
earned distinction for themselves and vic
tory for their school, are: William Gehan
Joseph Priestly and Charles Llllle.
The question debated was: "Resolved,
that the labor unions are detrimental to
the welfare of the United States." The ar
guments by both teams showed consider
able preparation and thought on the part
of the contestants. The Judges of the de
bate were Professors C. B. Whittler, A.
G. Newcomer and E. D. Starbuck. The
winning team presented the negative side
of the subject. • .'',.•;
The Humboldt speakers were Joseph
Cresse, Thomas W. Forsyth and George
Pressley. Pressley was declared to be the
best Individual speaker.
Marble Bay Mines Sold.
VANCOUVER, B. C, ; Feb. 1.— The Mar
ble Bay • copper-gold mine and the lime
quarries on ,Texada Island, B. C, owned
by J. J.' Palmer of Toronto and the' Chris
tie estate, were sold to-day, to a syndicate
of American capitalists. V The /sale price
was $200,000. ..The new, company has also
acquired control of large> coal and coking
properties on" the, coast. -¦ <•;-,.,
Fire in a Montana Town.
. HELENA, Mont.,- Feb. l.-The railroad
town of Clancy, twenty miles south of
Helena, was nearly wiped out by a fire
that started in Peter Leary's Hall; where
a dance was held last night The loss
was about $14,000, on which- $8000 insur
ance was carried. Jerry Ellis, a volun
teer fireman, was overcome by heat and
may die. >
The celebrated Mardi Gra's Carnival
will : open ' in New February. 10.
This unique -festival,' with * its •' wonderful
parades, : : gurgreous f: costumes, t ¦¦ battled of
flowers' and confetti, attracts thousands
of '.visitors -. every « year from all parts of
the continent and even from Europe. •;
. Sunset ¦ Limited -. leaves San Francisco
4:50 p. m.> Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day. February 3,5 and 7. »... : "¦ i • ; - . • . ' : • , l
•• Illustrated i, literature- can be secured
through any agent Southern Pacific Com
rituoar: v- ¦ ¦•;; -,.-- "> *.¦•;• . /¦; ¦¦ . . ;¦¦.-..;
All who are going East should not •fail
to :take , advantage of ; this opportunity to
visit- the "Carnlvar City. '•' ¦'
Big Tannery Is Burned.
BUFFALO, N. Y., . Feb. . • l.-The six
story'building: owned by Schoelkopf &
Co., who used the greater. v part-of it as
a tannery, was damaged $100,000. by -fire
Denies Reported Gold Strike.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 1.— The Van
couver Board of Trade to-day requested
that the press of the coast contradict the
dispatches senF out from this city on Jan
uary 27 reporting extensive gold discov
eries at Sumas. It 13 declared that the
reports were without foundation.
Whitney Is the second son of William
C. Whitney, former - Secretary of the
Navy. He is an athlete and was on the
Yale varsity crew. He is a tall, well
formed man and has an agreeable person
ality. He Is well known and liked in
.Washington.' /'
,The .wedding breakfast will be attended
only by the wedding party and the imme
diate family. This will be given in thf
home of Secretary Hay, on Sixteenth
street. ¦ : '¦¦'.?¦;.¦'¦
.Whitney will be attended by Eugene
Hale Jr., second son of Senator Hale of
Maine. The ushers will be Henry Clews
Jr., Frederick Kernochan," J. . N. Water
bury, ¦'. Milton S. Berger and Gouverneur
Morris of New York; James N. Wads
worth Jr. 1 of G«nessee, N. Y.; : Hugh D.
Scott of Philadelphia and Major Charles
McCawley, United States marine corps, of
this city. . '
The bride's attendants will be her sis
ter, Miss Alice Hay, and the young sister
of the groom, Miss Dorothy Whitney.
They will wear the palest shade of gray
crepe de "chine ; made over white taffeta,
and large picture hats of white felt
trimmed with j ostrich, plumes.
Nearly n thousand invitations have been
issued for the church service, and the ac
ceptances give promise that the building
will be filled. The church will be deco
rated with palms and roses. ¦ The pews
which will be occupied by the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt and by the relatives
of the contracting parties will be divided
from the others by white roses tied with
white ribbons. . : ¦ .- - ¦¦¦¦ :
The ceremony will j take place In the
Church of the Covenant, on Connecticut
avenue. The pastor, the Rev. Teunis S.
Hamlin, will olficiate, assisted by the Rev.
H. C. Hayden of Cleveland, Ohio.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
,W., WASHINGTON, Feb. l.-Miss Helen
Hay's marriage to Payne Whitney next
Thursday will be the leading social event
of the season' and will have an interna
tional character.. It will be attended by
the President , and his Cabinet and by
distinguished diplomats, and will be noted
with interest by high dignitaries in Lon
don, who know and admire Secretary Hay
and his daughter. -
Special Dispatch to The" Call.
John Barrett, the special commissioner
to the Orient, addressed himself to the
task and succeeded in getting Japan to
reconsider her first action. It is the con
fident expectation of the fair management
that Japan's action will determine the de
cision of the other Asiatic powers as to
the fair.;:.\-
Even the European powers, which have
been singularly dilatory in coming to a
decision as to representation at St. Louis,
were informed of Japan's action in thia
matter, and the fair authorities decided
that they must make a supreme effort.
The favorable action of Japan in this
matter is regarded here as one of the ut
most importance to the prospects of the
great fair, Japan had ' at first positively
declined to have an official representa
tion at the St. Louis Exposition, and thia
declination, being communicated to other
nations, was having an injurious effect,
influencing them unfavorably toward the
enterprise. . •'•';
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— A cablegram
received at the State Department from
United States Minister Berry at Tokio 13
to the effect that the Japanese Minister
of Foreign Affairs has assured him that
there will be an official representation o£
Japan at the St. Louis Exposition.
The programme of the administration is
reported to be to attach to the amended
war tax reduction bill concessions to
Cuba to the extent of 25 or 30 per cent.
Failing in this plan, the Senate may at
tempt to bring about the object desired
by means of a commercial treaty when
an independent government becomes es
tablished in Cuba. : ;>v- - -
Speaker Henderson and Representative
Dalzell of . Pennsylvania, the latter being
the ranking Republican member on the
Ways and Means Committee next to
Chairman Payne and also a member of
the Committee on Rules, called on* Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day. -It . is reported
that they were summoned by the Presi
dent, who is anxious to secure legislation
in behalf of Cuba." After leaving the
White House Henderson and Dalzell had
a conference with Representatives Gros
venor and.Tawney. The result of. these
conferences is hot known, for the states
men who attended them did not have
anything to say concerning the con
clusions reached.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— It is be
lieved that the administration is bringing
pressure to bear on Republican leaders
of the House who are opposing tariff con
cessions to Cuba.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 1.— The case
against Charles Dean, the halfbreed Chi
nese who, while a life prisoner at Folsom,
committed an assault with a deadly weap
¦on upon another prisoner, was called be
fore Judge Hart in the Superior Court
this morning to be set for trial. It was
continuetl until Monday in order to have
counsel appointed. The case is the first
under the law which provides that a life
prisoner who commits a deadly assault
upon another prisoner shall pay the pen
alty with his life, whether the victim dies
or not. It is Judge Hart's intention to
appoint such counsel that the law may
be fully tested.
Law to Be Fully Tested.
President Is * Striving to
- Gain Concessions
for Cuba.
Exhibits From Mikado's
Empire to Be at
St. Louis.
Preparations Being Made
: ; for Hay-Whitney
Nuptials. ,
PUTS PRESSURE
ON STATESMEN
NEW YORK. Feb. L— The Hull marine
torpedo-boat Plunger . was launched at
Elizabethport, N. J., to-day. The vessel
was named by Mrs. Myron T. Herrick if
Cleveland. The new boat glided off the
ways easily and was towed out into the
stream by the tugboat Erie. The Plun
ger is a sister ship of the Maccasin, Ad
der. Porpoise, Shark and Fulton. She is
e3 feet 4 inches long and 11.9 feet beam.
She has a displacement on the surface of
104 tons and of 115 tons under water. She
will be propelled by gasoline engines.
New Torpedo Soat Launched.
At the conclusion of the eulogies the
House, at 3:55 p. m., as a further mark
of respect, adjourned. '
The House devoted the remainder of the
day to eulogies on the life and public
services of the late Representative Bro
sius of Pennsylvania. The speakers were
Prince, Illinois; Calderhead, Kansas;
Rhea, Kentucky; Lloyd, Missouri; Fowler,
New Jersey; Butler, Pennsylvania; Casset,
Pennsylvania; Palmer, Pennsylvania;
Dalzell, Pennsylvania; Graham, Pennsyl
vania; Shoemaker, Pennsylvania; Sibley,
Pennsylvania; Green, Pennsylvania; Tal
bert. South Carolina; Kleberg, Texas;
Mondell, Wyoming; Lacey, Iowa; Thayer,
Massachusetts.
The Senate bill to prevent the sale of
firearms, opium and" intoxicants in the
New Hebrides caused some good natured
bantering of Sperry.of Connecticut, who
presented the bill. He said the measure
was designed to prevent our citizens from
selling thesa articles to the uncivilized
people of the New Hebrides, but when
Cummings of New York asked * him
whether there was any law in Connecticut
to prohibit the sale of the same articles
there, he replied, amid general laughter,
that in Connecticut 'the articles were not
only sold, but manufactured. Slbley of
Pennsylvania demanded the ayes and noes
on the passage of the bill. The bill was
passed— 186 to 15. •
After some routine business the com
mittees were called. In response a bill
was presented and passed to grant a right
of way through Oklahoma and Indian
Territory to the Enid and Anadarko Rail
road Company.
When the House met to-day a joint
resolution was adopted to transfer to the
Library of Congress the collection of State
reports in possession of the Industrial
Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The House,
after the transaction ~ot some* minor busi-"
ness, which included the passage of the
Senate bill to prohibit the sale of fire
arms, opium and intoxicating liquors in
the New Hebrides, devoted the day to
eulogies on the life and public services
of the late Representative Brosius of
Pennsylvania.
Under this decision the New York claim
was allowed by Congress, but since that
time no other interest claim has been
paid. The subcommittee, however, con
cluded that under the decision in the New
York case all claims of this character
are legitimate and has made amendments
to the. deficiency bill providing for the
payment of the. interest claims of the
State of Maine and Pennsylvania, the
amount in the first case being about $130,
000, and in the second about $600,000. There
are other States having . similar claims,
but none others -which have been passed
upon by the Court of Claims.
The State of New. York appealed Its in
terest claim from the decision of the
Treasury to the courts, and it was carried
to the. Supreme Court of the United
States, by which it was decided in effect
that the interest paid under the circum
sanceswas in reality a part of the prin
cipaj of the debt of the National Govern
ment to the State. - . '
The committee also has decided to rec
ommend the payment . of the Interest
claims of such States as advanced money
to the United States during the civil war
and are able to show action by the Court
of Claims. In many cases where money
was advanced by the States the funds
so advanced were borrowed and the
States were compelled to pay interest
upon the amounts thus secured.- The
National Government refunded the princi
pal In all such cases, but In accordance
with the practice of the Government re
fused to reimburse thq States for the
money paid on account of interest.
"In neither case was the sum fixed at
to-day's meeting, because of the uncer
tainty of the committee as to the sum
necessary. The figures will, however, be
supplied after communicating with the
State Department and before the bill is
reported on Monday. ,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The Committee
on Appr6pflatlohs> to-day concluded the
consideration of the urgent deficiency ap
propriation bill. It was amended In sev
eral important details and among the
amendments is one making provision for
the entertainment of Prince Henry, in hid
approaching visit, and another providing
for the expenses of the American Em
bassy to London on the occasion of the
forthcoming coronation of King Edward.
"The second day after separating from
Waller, Porter moved toward Langan,
arriving January 11 with two men, and all
were exhausted. Lieutenant R, P. Wil
liams and over thirty men were left in
the mountains in a similar condition with
the native bearers. The relief expedition
was delayed in starting two days by a
etorm raging and torrents in the rivers.
•'The War Department Is advised of the
trip of Major Waller, four officers and
fifty men of the marine corps, thirty-six
native bearers, with four days' rations,
who started the last week of December
from Langan, on the east coast of Samar,
to cross the island to Bassey, about
thirty-five miles distant. A trail at one
time existed, but ; was found in places
only. Lieutenant Lyle's, Twelfth Infantry,
accompanied the command. Incessant
rains from the start, swollen streams and
other natural obstacles made progress ex
tremely slow. When the rations were con
sumed the men became exhausted, rapidly
dropping on the way. Major Waller sep
arated from Captain Porter, Lieutenant
R. P. Williams and the larger part of the
men and proceeded toward Bassey, ¦where
he arrived January 9 with two officers,
thirteen men and Lieutenant Lyles. He
returned to the mountains the next day
with relief, but returned to Bassey about
ten days later unsuccessful. Porter was
to build rafts, but the timber would not
float. « .
WASHINGTON, Feb. L— General Chaf
fee has cabled to the War Department a
report of the march of Major Waller and
his marines across Samar. It is the tirst
full account of the march and tells a tale
of terrible suffering and hardship. The
story of tie sufferings of members of the
expedition is told in the following dis
patch: ;
JAPAN DECIDES
TO TAKE PART
PALM AND ROSE
FOR THE WEDDING
Money to Be Appropri
ated for the Prince's
Entertainment
General Chafiee Reports
on Suffering of Waller
and Marines.
House Passes Bill Pro
hibiting Sale of Arms,
Opium and Whisky.
PROTECTS PEOPLE
IN NEW HEBRIDES
The pupils of Miss Bradley's School and
Kindergarten gave a Mother Goose mas
querade party on January 28. The fol
lowing named were in masque: Orra Ful
ton, Baby Bunting; Marjorle Peck, Little
Bo Peep; Lorena Mills, Queen of Hearts;
Club Parties.
FEARFUL MARCH
ACROSS SAMAR
Mr. David Lindauer and Miss Ellen Mc-
Guire, both of this city, and Mr. Fred
Sturgeon and Miss May F. Smith, also
of San Francisco, were united in marriage
tt St. Patrick's Church by Father Callopy
Sunday, January 26.
William J. Ferguson and Miss Ella
Smith of 37 Sanchez street, city, were
married Wednesday evening, January 29,
at the residence of Charles Ferguson, a
brother .of the groom, 706 Telegraph ave
nue, Oakland. After a short wedding
trip, the couple will reside at 223 Waller
street.
The wedding of Miss Nina Kaufman to
The* marriage of Miss Edith A. Mullett
of Buffalo. N. Y.. and Fernando O. Gal
vez of Alameda, Cal., took place at the
home of Mrs. Frank S. Goll, Warren ave
nue, Chicago, 111., on Wednesday evening,
January 22, 1902. the Rev. William H.
Matthews officiating.
They're Married.
CONGRESS WILL
PAY THE BILLS
Mrs. Mark Levy has removed from 804
Ellis street to 2220 Webster street and will
be pleased to see her friends.
William E. Schord has returned after
spending four months In the northern part
of the State.
Mrs. D. Zelinsky will be at home the
second Tuesday of the month at her new
residence, 172G Sutter street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Bessinger will hold
a reception to-day in honor "of their golden
wedding from 2* to 6 p. m. at 1713 Ellis
street, near Steiner. <¦•
Mr. and Mrs. I. Simon announce the
confirmation of their son Albert- at the
Geary-street Temple Saturday, February
8. They will receive Sunday, February'9,
between 2 and 5 p. m., at their residence,
657 McAllister street, between Franklin
and Gough.
Mr. and Mrs. Charlea Bayer and Miss
Florence Bayer will move to Mill Valley.
At home first and third Tuesdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund Beck, nee Stein,
will receive their friends to-day from 2
to 5 p. m. at their residence, 419 Frank
lin street. .
Mrs. A. N. Towne and Mrs. Clinton E.
Worden will receive Tuesday, February
4, only, and not on the first and second
Tuesdays in February, as previously an
nounced, owing to unexpected absence
from the city. , • *¦ .
On account of the 7 sad accident that be
fell Mrs. W.*W. Stone, the reception that
was to be given by her. daughter, Mrs. N.
P. Cole Jr., at her home on Pacific ave
nue on February 3 has been indefinitely
postponed.
Personals.
"Captain Porter, Lieutenant Williams
and eighteen men in the hospital at Taclo
ban, are not very clear in mind regarding
much of the time covered by the period
of suffering. All will probably recover.
Major Waller at present is disordered in
his recollections. The suffering of this
command for twenty. days cannot be de
scribed. The efforts of Lieutenant Wil
liams, First Infantry, and the relief party,
are unequaled for courage and labor."'
Mr. and Mrs. C. Bush, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Schwartz, Mr. and Mrs. Hirsch, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Raymond, Mr. and Mrs. Flei
schacker, Mr. and Mrs. A. Max, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Toberiner, Mr. and Mrs. H. Bush,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Cohn, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Shalne. Mr. and Mrs. I. Goldmeyer, Mr.
and Mrs. S. Rosener, Mr. and Mrs. L
Goldman. Mrs. Weiner, Mrs. John Erlich,
Mrs. A. Karmenlinsky, Miss M. Schwartz,
Miss A. Dunn, Miss B. Trelbor, Miss S.
Sena, Miss E. Grant, Miss J. Sena, Mr. C.
Treibor, Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan, Mr: R.
It started on the 13th and reached the
marines on the 18th, saving Lieutenant
Williams and all except ten men not
found, who were no doubt dead of starva
tion, namely: Privates Tangule, Foster,
G. M. Britt, T. Wards, Brown, E. E. Mur
ray, T. Buffet, Baley, Baroni and Conncll.
Private R. Kettle died in the hospital at
Tacloban January 23.
A pleasant "at home" was given by
Mr. and Mrs. C. Bush at their, residence,
896 Eddy street, on the evening of January
26. The parlors were profusely decorated,
and music and games served to while
away the time all tco soon for the as
sembled guests. Refreshments were
served at midnight, followed by. dancing.
-\_.iong those present were:
Mrs. Alfred Spreckels was the hostess
Tuesday afternoon from 2 to 6 o'clock at
a delightful euchre party at her residence.
138 Twelfth street." Fifty guests were in
vited and an enjoyable afternoon was
spent. '.',£.. ...
A .banquet was given by Mr. Howard
F. Antrim Friday evening, January 24, at
his residence, 1726 Lyon street. The even-
Ing was spent "In dancing and games, and
at 11 o'clock the guests repaired to the
banquet hall. ¦ Mr. Harry Rothenberg
acted as toastmaster. Those present were:
Misses. Addie Daniels, Alice Mero, Clarice.
Bradbury. Hazel Ludwig, May O'Connor,
Selena Feely, Daisy Daniels, Hattie
O'Neil, Alice Davis, Genevieve Peters,
Lily Curry, May Meagles, Lizzie Meagles,
Mazie Curry and Messrs. George Thomas,
Charles O'Connor, R. O'Neil', W. Sullivan,
N. Humbert, Charles Thomas, W. Smith,
H. Antrim. W. Schwartz. J. Eageh, Ed
Davis. J. Leary, William Kahman, V. La
coste and H. Rothenberg.
Home Parties.
.El Dorado Parlor No. 52. N. S. G. W.,
will give their seventeenth anniversary
ball Tuesday evening. February 4, at Na
tive Sons' Hall (evening dress). The hall
Is being. beautifully decorated for the oc
casion. .
In the Future.
The engagement is announced of H. S.
Henry and Miss Belle Levy, niece of Mrs.
R. Netter. 2002 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. Herpan Ehrlich of 509
Golden Gate avenue" announce the en:
gagement of their daughter, Dora, to
Alexis Salomon, of the firm of M. Salo
mon & Sons.
Mr. George Koppitz announces the en
gagement of his daughter, Marie Louise,
to Dr. Francis Edw. Raynes.
The engagement is Announced of Miss
Grace B. Duncan, the talented daughter
of A. J. Duncan of the Meese-Gottfried
Company, to Fred E. Kendall, with
Blaice. Moffltt & Towne. Mr. Kendall Is
the son of S. • D. Kendall of Beresford,
gan Mateo County, and a brother-in-law
of Judge James M. Troutt. The pros
pective bride is at present on an extended
trip through the Eastern States, but will
return this month. The wedding will
probably' take place this summer.
They're Engaged.
The Alicia Social , Club, a newly organ-:
Ized club of the , Mission, held its first
meeting January 25 at Twin Peaks Hall.
The officers of the club are: President,
M. Wood; vice president, Thomas Mc-
Nulty; financial secretary, Friede Burger.
Anita Edwards, Tee .Wee; Hazel Hollings
worth, Miss Muffet; Doroihy Young,
Mary . Quite Contrary ; Ruth Howard,
Forlorn Maid; Marie Schllchting, Little
Annie; Eva .Bowden, Baby, Bye; Claire
Salamon, Daffy. Down Dilly; Weston Mer
rlck. One Little Injun: Edwin Amark,
Tom Tucker; Charles. Langsdorf, Dillar a
Dollar; Harold Gilson, Pussy Cat; Calvin
von Btaden, Simple Simon; Robbie Seldel.
Little Boy, Blue; Lloyd Glendenning,
Humpty Dumpty; Frederick | Hicks, Lit
tle Boy Blue; Harold Goldstein, Johnny
Sprig; Oswald Englehardt,- King Cole, and
Homer Gossett, Little Fred. :
Mr. and Mrs. R. W. All gave a very en
joyable party on Saturday evening, Jan
uary 25, their son George's twenty-flrst
birthday, at their home at 26 Boyce street.
Dancing was the order ' of the evening.
The grand march .took -place at 9:30
o'clock, led by Professor George All and
Miss Marion Brown. At 1 o'clock tho
guests sojourned to the dining room,
which was artistically trimmed in greens
and Chinese lanterns, and a dainty sup
per was partaken of. • .
"U. W. von x«..^w was host at a de
lightfully informal dinner Wednesday
evening, given as a "farewell" bachelor
feast. Covers were laid for twenty-one
gentlemen. Pink carnations were the lead-
Ing note in the floral decorations. Happy
repartee and good fellowship marked, the
speeches noticeably. Those present were
W. W. von Tillow. W. J. von TIllow. L.
Hart, W. G. Harder, W. Kuhl, J. Dencker,
H. Bruenn, M. Kuhl, George Humphry, I.
Humphry. S. E. , Selling, J. Selling, P.
Parker, B. Kaufner, M. M. Cohn, P. Ha
gan, O. Rosenstein, W. Blank, C. N.
Spiero. M. F. Sullivan and B. Douglas.
A pleasant surprise party was given re
cently to Miss Mae. Watts at ther home,
on Church street, by twenty-flve of her
friends on her return from a four months'
visit to relatives at Buffalo, Cincinnati
and Nashville.- The evening was spent in
music, games pr" 5 ringing. At midnight a
supper was served.
Minnie Voecke, Viola, Hazel and Loreta
Koegel, Josephine and Viola Bird, Mamie,
Tlllie and Aggie Richardson, Lilly Mc-
Carty, Elina Harrigan, Josephine Harrl
gan. Bertha and Emily Wucherer, Irene
Kamena, Marguerite McLaughlan, Mamie
and iBettie Dowd, Gladys Thompson,
Elsie arid Edith Achorn, Evelynne Swee
ney, Masters Raymond, Charlie, Grover
and "Willie Voecke, Elmer Gray, Georgie
Ramena, Gussie Achorn, Willie Bird, Leo
Harrigan, Melville Koegel, Georgie Rich
ardson and Gussie Achorn.
A very enjoyable birthday party was
given to Master Raymond Voecke by his
mother at their home, 486 Eighth street,
on the anniversary of his seventh . birth
day. Guests were entertained from 2 to 5
P. m. An interesting programme was ar
ranged. The guests were:
The Pickett home, 1213 Webster street,
was the scene of a pleasant reception on
Monday evening. Many guests were re
ceived and dainty refreshments were
served. . •
Karmenllnsky, Mr. Herbert Choynski.
The ceremony was performed at the
church, followed by a reception at the
home of the bride's father, John Gallo
way, 843 Alvarado street. After a few
weeks south Mr. and Mrs. Vorrath will
live in San Francisco.
Mr. Mack Rosenshine took place Monday,
January 27. A large circle of friends and
relatives were present. Rev. Voorsanger
officiated. The young couple left for their
honeymoon to Southern California and
will visit all points of interest. Mr. and
Mrs. Rosenshine will make New York
their future home, the groom being a
prominent manufacturer of that city.
Mr. Albert Vorrath and Miss Sadie Gal
loway were married last evening at St.
Patrick's Church. The fortunate groom is
a Native Son and connected with the
Gorham Rubber Company, where he has
been for a number of years.
Senator Jones of Nevada, who
is Visiting in San Francisco, is probably
more in demand as guest of honor
than any one else; . in fact, she is
engaged for every luncheon after
noon and evening until Lent. Active
and progressive matrons with club inter
ests have been at the very top notch of
excitement over the color line subject,
several clubs in this city having voted
upon the question, with a result that has
proved quite disastrous to the members"
peace of mind. The week closed, very
happily, however, with the Chrysanthe
mums' delightful ball for charity.
S~— last week has been far
* ~>"—i — from an uneventful one for
n 1 debutantes and matrons. Both
( I I were feted and luncheons were
\V-_L^ a feature more than ever. Miss
J Gecrgina Jones, daughter of
RELATING TO SOCIETY
THE SAN; FR ANCISCO : C AI/L, SUNDAY, i JS±5JK l/AK Y 2, 1903.'
33
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemlnhes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-20, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
m wrinkles"
OVER 2000 LADIES OK THIS CITY ANT>
, State have had their wrinkle* removed at
the New York Institute of Dermatology slnca
Its location In San Francisco, one year ago.
Professional confidence forblda na using: their
names as reference, so to prove- our claims that
our remedy will remove — tto stay removed — any
case of wrinkles, no .matter how deep or of hovr
long standing, subjects are always kept on ex-
hibition at our parlors with the wrinkles re-
moved from one aide of their races and left on
the other side to show the contrast. You ar»
invited to call and see them — seeing Is believ-
, Ing. This remedy is our exclusive secret and
it, the only remedy known to science which will
positively eradicate the worst cases, of deep
wrinkles from face and neck, prevent their re-
turn and produce a perfect complexion. "We
also have a lasting cure for. freckles after age
15. Deformed noses, outstanding ears,' sagging
oheeka, 'drooping: • mouth, puffy. . baggy eyelids,
flabby throat, baggy chin corrected and made
perfect at our parlors by America's leading
cosmetic surgeon, without slightest - pain or
visible scar. ' A lady Is In reception at parlors
to explain ' methods '¦ to callers. Consultation,*
either in person or by letter, is free and strictly
confidential. N. Y. Institute of Dermatology,
Columbian Building', 018 Market St.. opposite
Emporium. San Francisco. Take elevator «r
•lain »<% &/t_h (wi.
; V :¦__¦__<__'_.;_•_'_ _¦__¦_ _:_t :•_ -~ NEWMAN & LEVINSOy. ¦_¦_ _
'¦" : :<'- : '- ¦'¦• " ¦ ' /7\m Y\ A f f Vfe/W /)f /Vt /"*""'*< ¦ /\\Vf rVviv 4***/%
¦¦¦¦ v^>MlWj\\\WJtl =^=—
'Ready now with New Goods—Beautiful Goods— In Foulard Silks — Wash Goods and Waists —
Handsomer in, weaves and -styles than ever before. We can safely say that the present collection
comprises the most elaborate and attractive lines of extreme novelties ever shown in San Francisco.
• . Advance styles of Summer Wash Goods 'are at hand — They were never so pretty — They were
never so dainty in designs and colorings — Fabrics that are sheer and soft and easily draped and yet
strong and durable. We only mention few of the many.
Fancy Figured Batistes and Dimities in a i\ v Imported Linen Zephyrs — a sheer and
very large assortment of new patterns and ic^Ll pretty fabric in latest Jacquard stripes and ocr_
colors — Splendid value, per yard - - - IOC solid colors — extra value, per yard - - - O*jQ
Mercerized Chambrays in a beautiful oVw Irish Dimities — all colors in choicest of Q^^
collection of newest colorings, per yard - dots and stripes — per yard -. -'.-'- •
Scotch Madras-— this popular material in Imported Silk Striped Grenadines— comes
patterns daintier and prettier than ever— OC r in black and light colored grounds with rn
30 designs to choose from, per yard - - ODG pretty colored silk stripes^ — per yard - - OUC
: New Waists for Spring
It is a little early, perhaps, to buy them, but you must not overlook the fact that it is only early
in the season that assortments are complete. We will have new and pretty things throughout the
spring— but hardly as many styles to choose from as now; Here are a few of the special values
now being offered : .... '."•' •
Hundreds of Wash Waists of Chambrays — Madras — Piques and Crash — all
?strictly tailor made in prettiest of colors and choicest of designs-*no description C|
can do them justice, you must see them to appreciate their beauty— Special at - - V«*»Wj '-^ •";.'
? Waists of polka dot Batiste and fancy , ** ¦• Waists of fine Grass Linens prettily tf .
striped Madras in entirely new effects, at '5° trimmed with embroidery, at- - -P 2 *^5
Waists of fine quality Madras, tailor . Waists of sheer Scotch Zephyrs and
made after the new spring models, in <it T n P solid color Chambrays, tailor made in tf o
choicest of colors, at - - - - .- .-iP I '7 5 very latest effects, at " -* >2 *5°
Waists of . plain color sheer Batiste, . - Novelty , Waists in Lawns, Pique,
with front, collar- and cuffs . neatly # _ _ Mercerized Chambrays, etc, handsomely
trimmed with Persian bands, at - - - # >2 «°°: trimmed, .at $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 up to v7. 2 5
At 85c, $1.00 and $1.25 a yard ;
There is going to be a perfect rage this season for this popular Silk and wise purchasers will call
early for the choicest selections. Our assortment is unusually large and embraces all the newest
colorings for spring and summer wear — designs are exclusively our own.
The values we are now showing at 85c, $1.00, $1.25 a yard are without a doubt the best ever
offered — select your suit now and get the choice of a complete assortment
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention
\\Kearny and Sutter Sts. I
I JPjp/^ pa4ercajski.|
I S&ueran&Rosenf hat I
1 in; unstinted, praase of fi
w Though having forrneriy purchased another pjano-piaycj , B
I JOSEF HOFMANN, after "hearing the PIANOLA, said: "/ ¦
H am completely won over to the vast possibilities vfthe PIANOLA. B
t& You can take mv order for an ebony Pianola," e1c. :'¦, m
M In acknowledging the supremacy of the PIANOLA Hofmann ra
W puts himself on record with Paderewski, Sauer, Rosenthal. de Pach- H
in maun, Moszkowski. Jean de Reszke, Mancinelli, Emil Paur. Bis- m
HI pham, Calve, Harold Bauer, Breitnor, Gailhard (Director Paris B
fa Opera) and all the prreatest artists of the world, who use and indorse fm
m only the PIANOLA. -; Ty '¦
ffif Visitors are cordially invited to attend the daily informal recitals Jr
la held in the PIANOLA warerooms. . S
£h exclu ivb agents for califobma. 3
H HBADQUARTERS-26, 28, 30.0TARR ELL STREET.; ¦Some people seem to get ¦ old Just be- :
cause they haven't anything else to do.
Maybe most of us won't have to work
In heaven, but it won't be heaven for the
women unless the dressmakers and mil
liners are willing to work.
At the Institution of Pacific Temple,
Ladles of the Golden Eagle, by Supreme
Chief McOowan, assisted by Past Grand
Chiefs George B. Hanna. and S. McCall
and Bir Herald C. H. Davis, the follow
ing named were Installed as officers. for
the .first term: Mrs. H. Morrison, noblo
templar; Mrs. .W. R. Miller, vice templar;
Mrs. F. Sharpe, priestess; Mrs. P. Fred
erickson, guardian of records; Mrs. Oscar
Hocks, guardian of exchequer; Miss M. B.
Turner, guardian of music, and G. A. Mc-
Gowan, G. B. Hanna and F. N. Ammann,
The newly Installed officers of San
Francisco Castle have started In with a
vim to make a record before the close of
the term, and in the work-they are being
ably aided by the members of the castle.
George A. McGowan instructs in the se
cret work and D. N. Hanna presides as
noble chief. The castle has a class of
twenty-flve pilgrims to Initiate during
February. After the third degree shall
have been given to the strangers, there
¦will be a triumvirate party by California
and Ban - Francisco Castles and Pacific
Temple. This will be during the latter
part of the month.
After the installation of the officers of
California Castle of the Knights of the
Golden Eagle, Deputy Supreme Chief
George A. McGowan, on behalf of the
castle, presented to E. K. Hill, the re
tiring noble chief, a beautiful gold em
blematic Jewel of the order. The new
officers are: William M. Joseph!,, noble
chief; M. S. Bradley, vice chief; C. P.
Landstrom, high priest; George B. Han
na, clerk; Oscar Hocks, keeper of ex
chequer; Samuel McCall, master of rec
ords, and George Peterson, venerable her
mit. -
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The officers of Loyal Circle were In
stalled last week by members of the
board of deputies, and after the instal
lation there. was a pleasant social hour.
The supreme grand officers paid an offi
cial visit last week to Santa Amanda
Circle.
Bohemian Circle j will give- a valentine
party on the night of the 15th ,of Feb
ruary. '
The supreme chief companion In tho
company of Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. A.
Boehm, M. Boehm, P. S. G. C..C.,and
Messrs. Roberta and Peterson paid a
visit ¦ last week to Columbia Circle of
Sacramento, Valley Circle of Stockton
and Rio Vista Circle at Rio Vista.
The bazaar to be given by the local cir
cles of the Companions of the Forest will
be opened In the Foresters' . building on
the 1st of February and will continue for
a week. . . ¦
The officers of Courts. San Joaquin and
Pacific were Jointly Installed last week
by High Chief Ranger Boehm. The in
stallation was public and was witnessed
by a large number of people. On: the
?3d he Installed the officers of Court San
Pablo.
A new court of the Ancient ; Order of
Foresters was instituted last' week;' at
Medford, Or., by Deputy A. U. Field, and
another at Sebastopol, Sonoma County,
by Permanent Secretary Falconer. 'On
the 15th of February a new court will be
instituted In this 'City by High Chief
Ranerer Boehm.
Court Kensington at its last held meet
ing initiated several candidates.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
During the month of March the several
lodges of this order will elect delegates
to the United States Grand Lodge that
will meet in Philadelphia on July 6, next.
Ex-presldent, E. -Gordon; president, M.
Whitehead; vice president, 11. Cohen; record-
Ing secretary. H. S. Arnhelm; financial secre
tary, M. L. Meyer: treasurer, L.. Zier; con
ductor, F. Merzbacn; inside guard, J. Mon
asch; outside guard, J. Jacobs; trustees — A.
Hockwald, W. Samuels and A. 8. Fass; physi
cian, J. I. Mansen.'
After the Installation of the officers for
the current term there was presented to
I. Lichter, the past president, a hand
some and costly badge of his rank in the
order, as a compliment to his efficiency
as presiding officer while he was the
chief officer of the lodge. This incident
was followed by a pleasant social hour.
The following named were installed for
Golden Gate Lodge by ex-President Abra
ham Hockwald:
Ex-presldent, I.- Idchter; president. H. Stern;
vice president. J. Glbbs; recording secretary,
8. Berel; financial secretary, J. Label; treas
urer. M. Marks; conductor. II. Bernard; Inside
guard, I. Friedman; outside guard, H. Simon;
trustees — J. Levy, Mrs. L. Cohn and G. L.
Angel; physician. Dr. A. S. Adler.
After the installation handsomely en
grossed resolutions, expressive of the
lodges' appreciation, were presented to
ex-Presidents I. Schalanker, J. Goodman,
M. Goldstcne and S. Sternberg, the pre
sentations being by the installing: officer.
The following named officers were in
stalled by ex-President Lewis C. Levey
for Pacific Lodge:
Ex-president, A. Eldlowskl; president, E.
Cohn; vice president, I. C Levey; recording
secretary, L. C. Levey; financial secretary, H.
L. Springer; treasurer, B. Wacholder; con
ductor, S. Bternberg; Inside guard. M. Gold
stone; outside guard, A. Mendelsohn: trustees —
R. Rosenberg, "W. Moser and S. Robitscher;
physician, Dr. A. Kusbaum.
Ex-President Jacob Label has installed
the following officers of California Lodge
of the Sons Of Benjamin:
Sons of Benjamin.
The entertainment and dance that was
given on the last Thursday In January
by Buena Vista Council No. 1604 of the
Royal Arcanum in the assembly hall of
the Pioneers' building was a delightful
function that was enjoyed by a large
number of the members and their friends
who came out despite the threatening
weather. The programme of first-class
vocal and musical selections, readings,
specialties and an Illustrated song was
contributed by Bennett'3 orchestra, Miss
Beatrice Gleason. Frank Keefe. Queenie
Tilton and Maud Sharp, little Alice Bar
num, S. Samuel, Miss Ethel Lucas,
Johnny O'Neil, Sam Booth and little Lil
lie Rinner. The latter gave the illustrated
song, which was a feature that was en
thusiastically applauded. This was fol
lowed by a good programme of dances.
The affair was managed by the arrange
ment committee, composed of J. Charles
Webber, G. Gunzendorfer, A. C. Green
field, Henry Friedman and W. S: Behrens.
Buena Vista Council, B» A.
FRATERNAL NOTES.
Afterward the Dowager Empress and
the Empe'ror mingled with their guests
and her Majesty conversed with every
one, and particularly noticed the chil
dren. The Emperor was addressed
through an interpreter and bowed with
out speaking. The interpreter composed
his replies. Every lady of the visiting
party was given a pair of jeweled brace
lets and a solitaire pearl ring, besides
other souvenirs.
trustees. An Interesting social hour fol
lowed the installation.
The . Dowager Empress talked ani
matedly. She said that China would
abandon her policy of isolation and adopt
the best features of western life and
would send many students abroad.
Following the reception a banquet was
given. This was spread upon three tables,
the Dowager Empress sitting at the head
of the principal table, and Mrs. Conger
and Mme. Uchida upon either side. The
Emperor was the only man present except
Chang Tsi, prospective Minister from
China to Great Britain, who knelt beside
the Dowager Empress and interpreted
what she said. The Emperor eat at the
head of . the second table. He and the
Dowager Empress touched glasses with
the guests.
In reply Mrs. Conger assured her that
the past would be forgotten. Bracelets
and rings of great value were then placed
upon Mrs. Conger's wrists and fingers.
The Dowager Empress made inquiries re
garding the other ladies who were in
Peking during the siege of the legations
and Mmes. Bainbridge and Morisse,*the
wives of Secretaries Bainbridge and Mor
isse of the American and French lega
tions, respectively, were presented and
warmly greeted. . ¦
Gifts for the Ladies.
Baron Czikann, the Austrian Minister
and doyen of the diplomatic corps, pre
sented all the ladies to the Dowager Em
press, who tdok the hand of each of
them. They were next presented to the
Emperor, who also shook hands with
them. The guests then retired to an
anteroom. The Dowager Empress, enter
ing the room, grasped Mrs. Conger's
hand, which she held for some minutes,
trembling, weeping and sobbing loudly
and exclaiming in broken sentences that
the attack upon the legations was a ter
rible mistake and that she repented it
bitterly.
Last year the dissensions in the palace
caused a revolution which compelled our hasty
departure, but it is a great gratification to us
that our return to the capital has caused such
rejoicing In China and abroad.
The Dowager Empress' reply was ex
ceedingly friendly in tone. It was in part
as follows:
"We heartily congratulate you and the Im
perial oourt that the unfortunate situation
which led you to abandon your beautiful cap
ital haa been so happily resolved, that you
are now permitted to return in freedom and
peace. The events of the past two years must
have been as painful to . you as to the rest
of the world; but the sting of the experience
may be eliminated by the establishment of
franker, more trustful and friendlier relations
between the Chinese and the other peoples of
the earth. The world is moving forward, the
tide of progress cannot be Btayf d, and it is
hoped that China will Join with the great sis
terhood of nations in the grand march. The
recent Imperial edicts give promise ot great
good to your people and to- your v&bP empire.
Address of Mrs. Conger.
The Dowager Empress occupied ' the
throne, with a brilliant assemblage of
Princesses and court ladles about her.
The Emperor was seated upon a small
platform in the center *of the room. The
visitors upon entering bowed twice to the
Emperor, and several of them ascended
to the throne and bowed to the Dowager
Empress. Mrs. Conger, wife of United
States Minister Conger, as doyeness of
the diplomatic 'corps, made a speech,
which was translated by Secretary Wil
liams. Mrs. Conger said:
PEKING, Feb. 1.— The Dowager Em
press, the Emperor aid the Empress this
afternoon received the ladles and .children
of the diplomatic corps in the palace. The
audience was the most revolutionary
event since the return of the court to
Peking. The excluslvenesa of Chinese
royalty and the prejudices i against the
meeting of the sexes were waived, and the
function was less formal than is usual in
European courts. .
The treasures of,,the Kremlin are said,
on authority, to -be. worth overi£100,000,
000, and the gold on the walls of the pal
ace of Tsarskoye Selo, with Its walls and
ceilings of amber, tortoise shell,. Ivory and
mother-of-pearl, has been valued at near
ly a quarter of a million pounds.
But it is doubtful whether the Czar's
wonders of gold, and jewels can rival
those of the Sultan, the accumulations of
-centuries of predecessors. The Sultan is
as careless of his treasures as the Shah,
and the room In which they are kept has
rather the appearance of a lumber-room
than a treasury of countless millions. But
no disorder can conceal the richness and
splendor of gold vessels filled to the brim
with diamonds and sapphires, rubles and
emeralds; of suits at armor," crowns,
sword scabbards, chains and rings blaz
ing with gems; although, as a traveler
recently declared, "one cannot fall to gasp
with amazement at the spectacle of hun
dreds of beautiful pearls worth probably
£60,000 contained in an old tobacco tin."
i The Czar of Russia has a. treasure-house
In each of his many palaces,' any one of
which might well satisfy the ambition of
any monarch In the variety and value of
its contents. Two crowns alone are val
ued at £3.000,000: and the jewels in the
Winter Palace, which include many of
the choicest gems in the world, are valued
at many millions more. . • •
Of all the native , Princes of India the
Gaekwar of Baroda is the richest in gold
and -jewels, a" mere catalogue of which
would fill some of /the world's richest
millionaires with despair. One of his
most interesting, though', by. no means
most valuable, possessions is a carpet, ten
fe'et long and six, feet in ; width, composed
entirely of a ground-work of exquisite
pearls pn which is traced a design in dia
monds.' This carpet, which certainly has
no rival in the- world, is said to be worth
£300,00Q, or £5000 a square foot. ,
Of. much greater value than this carpet
of gems is a matchless collar, consisting
of flve rows of diamonds and two of
emeralds, the stones being of graduated
sizes of a pea; from this collar of 700 of
the most perfect .stones in existence
hangs as a pendant the famous "Star of
the South" diamond, one of the most
magniflcent diamonds the world has ever
seen.
Among the countless , treasures of the
Shah are' a* flawless uncut ruby said to
be as large as a hen's egg and of a value
which no one has -.ventured to estimate;
a turquoise as long . as a man's linger,
and a belt a foot wide which Is so closely
set with .many-hued precious stones that
it is one unbroken blaze of diamonds and
emeralds, pearls and , rubies. ;
. One of these scabbards Is completely
covered with diamonds, the smallest of
which is as large as a flnger-nail. < Vessels
of solid gold, so large that only a strong
man could lift one of them, crowns blaz
ing with every color of the rainbow,
chains of gold and rare precious 1 stones,
enamels of matchless beauty, lie scat
tered about in careless profusion; trays
are heaped to overflowing -with sapphires
and pearls, many of which are worth
tens of thousands of pounds. - ':
A glass case two - feet : long and a foot
and a half in width and height is more
than half lilled . with- thousands of pearls,
perfect in shape and luster. By its side
Is a globe of gold, twenty inches, in diam
eter, with seas of emeralds and -conti
nents of rubies and ; diamonds to Che
number of. 50 ,000, and each stone specially
chosen for its beauty. The. weight of this
globe is seventy-five pounds and its value
£1,000,000 ' ' . • ... " • , ¦ : ¦ :
Those who have been privileged to gaze
on the wonders of the Shah's treasure
house tell astonishing stories of .wealth
which is indeed beyond Uhe dreams of
avarice, and which might well form a
climax to the : marvels of the Arabian
Nights' tales of diamonds and rubies, em
eralds and 'sapphires so countless that
they might literally be measured by the
peck; of shields, helmets and armor thick
ly incrusted with priceless gems, and
sword scabbards which it pains the eye
to look upon, so dazzling are the jewels
which sheath them. :.,,.-
At a time when' millions of men are
struggling their hardest for the doubtful
privilege of keeping themselves alive it
seems difficult to realize that jewels and
gold the value of which is counted in
hundreds of millions of pounds should be
lying hidden in royal treasure-houses, un
touched and seen only by a privileged
and , curious few. ¦ ' i
Empress Dowager - Weeps
When She Speaks to
Mra Conger.
Valuables in Strong Boxes of
Russian, Persian, Turkish
and Indian Rulers.
Extraordinary Reception
in the Palace at
Peking.
Precious Metals by Tons
and iQ-ems by the
BusheL
LADIES VISIT
CHINA'S RULER
WAST TREASURES
PRINCES HOLD
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2. 1 902.
Bald an Irishman: "Caa* a Tankee
away on a desolate Island and he'll ret
«up the next morning; and sell macs of
the place Jo the Inhabitants."
OAKLAND, Feb. L— "Monte Cristo," re
vived with much attention to scenio de
tail, ¦will be the bill during; th© coming;
¦week at th© Dewey. Theater. Landers
Stevens will have tha leading role, with
th© support of Fanny Gillette end the
theater stock company.
Eevlval of "Monte Orlsto."
OAKLAND, Feb. L— W. B. Connell, a
photograph solicitor, la held at the City
Prison tor Investigation concerning a
•worthless $5 check be Is accused of hav
ing passed on D. Melllette, a saloon-keep
er at Seventh and "Washington streets.
Connell had a bicycle in his possession,
vrtilch, the police say. was stolen,.
Worthless Check Passer la JalL
Mrs. Lm Bcrnham win be th* hostess at a
larre card party on February 7, given In honor
of Miss Jeaa Cllft. About fifty guests will be
present. - .
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Borneman have taken
the Bolt residence en Madison atreet and will
tu&ke that their future home for a year.
Mrs. H. Oswald Flebig of Butte, Mont Is
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Rose of this
city.
Mlsa Florence Roseaheiin, whoa* marriage to
David Morgan will take place some time after
Easter, was th* guest of honor at a "linen
ehower" last evening, given by Miss Millie
Slendea. Eaveral musical numbers were con
tritratea by MIes Annie TJlrlch. Miss Morln.
M'ja Clara Cuff, Miss Viola Dlz and David
Mendes. The guests were: Miss Florence Ro
senheim. Miss Viola Dlz. Mlsa A. Cuff. Miss
Dorothy Rosenhelm, Miss Annie Ulrlch, Miss
Louise WyckoJf, Miss Ada WyckoJt, Mrs.- Splnk.
Miss Jessie Webster, Miss Mae Summers. Miss
Mortn, Miss L1111* Marshall. Miss Ekllilcorn,
Miss Elsie Cambridge, Miss Lou Neals and
Mlsa Aan* Geary. .,
By far th* most enjoyable affair yet riven
by the Gayety Social Club of Bast Oakland
was the "Hayseed Bail," given on Friday even-
Ing last at Cameron Hall in East Oakland. The
costumes created great amusement. Music was
furnished by Mrs. Clayton of Elmhurst. Dur-
Ine the evening recitations •were rendered bj-
Miss A. Smart and Mr. Thompson, and refresh
ments were served In true country etyle. A
¦light change baa recently been made In th*
list of offlccrsaad It now stands: President,
Miss Birdie PUcheri vice president, Charles
Jacoby: treasurer. Miss Bessie Bmarti secre
tary. Miss Daisy Jaooby; ruard. Louis J.
Ofczea.
The CoQuellcot Club has celected Friday
evening, February 7, aa the date for another of
their parties. It Is to be given at Masonic
Hall, on the corner of Twelfth and Washington
streets.
The Piedmont Whist Club v reorganized for
the season on January 20 at the residence of
Mrs. J. T. Earraclourh. The prize on that
occasion was won by Mrs. Henry Butters, who
is a new member of the club. Mrs. w. E.
Sharon and Mrs. Mygatt will entertain th*
club at its next meeting, Monday, February 3.
The Piedmont Whist Club includes among Its
members Mrs. J. T. Barraclough, Mrs. Harry
Wells Thomas, Mrs. Mygatt, Mrs. W. E.
Sharon, Mrs. A. L. Scott, Mrs. Ella Bratnober,
Mrs. Mary Sterling, Mrs. House, Mrs. L A.
Booth. Mrs. C. W. Randall. Mrs. Cook. Mrs.
J. B. Richardson Mrs. H. C. Capwell. Mrs.
Peter C. Allen. Mrs. Oscar Gowlng and Mrs.
R. W. GorrlU.
Among the other guests were: Miss Julia
Fielder. Miss Nellie Dickey, Miss Edna Mc-
Cutcbecn. Miss Florence Burpee, Miss Maud
Crouch. Miss Carrie McCullagh, Miss E. Lenore
Fuller. Miss Allle Wilson, Miss Jennie Smith,
Miss Clara Karris, Mlsa Anna Hart, Miss
Bertha Luck, Miss Lelgn Free, Miss Marie
Conwell, Mlse Ella Flemmlng, Miss Clare Wal
ton, Miss Minnie Walton, Miss May St. James,
Miss Ethel Ayres. Miss Minnie Hall, Miss
Clara Anderson. Miss Frances Burt, Miss
Flora Steel. Miss Maybell Keller. Miss Grace
M. Losh. Mies Edna Bolton, Miss Clara Nor
man, Mies Vlvlenne Clark, Miss Fern Frost,
Miss Margaret Wyth, Miss Alice Prole, Miss
Mildred Eddy, Miss Irene Stratton. Miss Grace
Wright. MIes Sadie McCutcheon, Miss Ethel D.
Roop and Mrs. -Ruby Gibson.
A club of young ladles, called the "Bereans,"
and which is composed of prominent member*
of the First Methodist Church, were entertained
this afternoon by Dr. Robert T. Stratton, at
his residence. 911 Market street. A pleasant
leature of the afternoon was the rendition of
a clever farce entitled "Six Cups of Chocolate,"
by the following young girls: Miss Josie
Lemon, Miss Mabel McCutcheon, Miss Edna
Crouch. Miss Beatrice Jveedhnm and Miss
Lucretia Gross.
OAKLAND, Feb. J, — Dr. and Mrs. J. L.
Maycn celebrated the twentieth anniversary of
their wedding yesterday and the occasion was
made a memorable one by the members of the
Oak Leaf Chapter. Order of Eastern Star, of
Yrfcich Mrs. ilayon is past matron. 'About
eighty guests assembled at the Ilayon resi
dence last evening and In behalf of Oak Leaf
Chapter, Webb N. Pearce, presented the host
and hostess with a beautiful dinner set of
Havlland china. Dr. JIayon responded. Six
handed euchre was played during the evening,
prizes being awarded to •'Mrs. Mary H. Patter
son. Mrs. Anna Elliot and Mrs. G. B. Daniels,
Alexander F. Patterson. George Cummings and
Webb H. Pearce. An elaborate supper was
served. Among the guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Patterson, Miss Clara
Patterson. Mr. and Mrs. S. Patterson, Mr. and
Mrs. W. If. Pearce, Martha Pearct Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Peterson. Mr. and Mrs. F. Pierce.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Pierce, W. J. Jtied, Mrs.
Rcsssguie. Mr. and Mrs. E. Robinson, Mr.
and Mrs. H. D. Rowe, Mr. and Mrs. Byron
Rutley. Mr. and Mrs. A. Smith. Mr. and Mrs.
George Smith, Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Spangles,
Miss Vlvia Gage. Mr. and Mrs. Gllpin. Mr.
and Mrs. W. T. Hamilton. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Heeseman. Mr. and Mrs. J. Macdon
ald Mr. and Mrs. Frank Marchani Dr. Morse.
Mrs. Jennie Kaismith^ Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Ogden. Mr. and Mrs. E. Osgood, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Owen. Dr. and Mrs. George C. Pardeo, Mrs.
Mary E. Partridge, Mr. and Mrs. Beckwlth,
Mr. and Mrs. David E. Bortree, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Button, Mr. and
Mrs. P. Cahlll, Mr. and Mrs A. K. Clark,
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Clark, Mr. and Mrs.
Cowell, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Cole Mrs. Ho
mer Craig. Mr. and Mrs. G. dimming. Henry
P. Dalton. Mr. and Mrs. F. Dalton. Mr. and
Mrs G. B. Daniels, Mr. and Mrs. Donaldson.
Mr and -Mrs. S. G. S. Dunbar, Mrs. Elliot,
Mr! and Mrs. J. Emory, Mr. and Mrs. Emigh.
Mrs. Annie Gage. Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Van
Court, Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Voorhees, Mrs.
Cynthia .Walter, Mr. and Mrs. F. Watson, Mr.
and Mrs. F. White, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Wix-
Bon Dr. and Mrs. F. Woolsey, Mr. and Mrs.
Kirby Mr. and Mrs. George Roeth. Miss Roeth,
Misses Clara and Frances Burt. Miss Essie Mc-
Donald, Miss Ada Dalton.
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
34
Union Coursing Park
JOHN GRACE, Judge ; JAS. 1. GRACE, Slipptr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - February 2d
TWO HIGH-CLASS
COURSING EVENTS!
Champion Hounds
in Competition.
116 — NOMINATIONS — 116
— Strain service —
Leaves Third and Townsend street! 10:19 a.
m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.; 25th and Va-
lencia streets flve minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after the last course. , San ila-
teo Electric Cara every six minutes. -
ADMISSION 28c. LADIES FREE.
BE1&SCG AMoTffAlCS r j6x£'tfR&
'^%i—n ™ tmflUJS CUY ItAit
Theater. Thoroughly Heated "With Steam.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
"AManof Mystery."
A play that has had the country guessing.
10c ?R 15c E 25cf Venln8:S ' 10C ' 15C> 60 °' Matln « s .
TO-MORROW EVO— ALL NEXT WEEK!
The Powerful Melodrama.
"MASTER AND MAN."
HOFMaW
THE GREAT PIANIST
TWO EXTRA RECITALS.
MATINEE SATURDAY,
«lrlllllL,L, FEBRUW13.
AT METROPOLITAN HALL.
• Seats $2 to 60c. sale commencing- Mon-
day at Sherman. Clay & Co.\n store.
Pill HPISIfi WFWCSCOl
UUB-UI^DBll tiACuia theatre
TO-NIGHT! k**J t
KIREE LA SHELLE OPERA CO.
In the Brilliant Opera Comique Success.
THE PRINCESS CHIC
?l«S "MONDAY "
and company " " "\ n
presenting ' '*
Lorlmer StoddanTs
dramatization ot
__" F. Marlon Crawf ordTa
historic novel.
In the Palace
of the King.
«f eld Madrid. jj
UEBTJSR & CO., SIANAQESS.
Durlnff Mlas Allen's entagrement tha prlee«
will be aa follows: Orchestra and first thre«
rows Draes Circle $2: remainder of Dress Cir-
cle SI SO; Balcony — First 7 rows $1. next X
rows 73c; Second Balcony, COo ajid 25c.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OV 1
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday) EVE,
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles Young's Celebrated Drama,
"Jim The Penman."
One of the Strongest Plays Ever Written.
POPTJX*AR PRICES 10c 13<s. 23o, BOo, T3<|
Good Orchestm Seats All Matinees 23c
CHUTES^ a*» ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
E I_l_/\ BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICTCLE5. j
— x
NEW FEATURES Ef THE ZOO. 45^
7— Llamas— T
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS.
Telephone* for Seats — Park 23.
RAGING
BSSS^S^^WSg^ Every W eek Day—
fur Rain or Shi no.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
,. OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. l:3O. 2. 2:3O and S p. m.. connecttne
with trains stopping at tte entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via, Alameda mole con-
nect 'with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electria
cars go direct to the track ta fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leava th« track at 4:19
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after th» last
race.
. THOMAS H. WTT.T.TATVST3 JB., President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, ajnd Mrt.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, 1
If EARNT AND "WASHINGTON ST3.— RE- A
*¦> modeled and renovated. K1NQ. "WARD Ar^
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to tl 50 &y;
$5 to $S week; $3 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
every room; elevator runs ail night.
©•©•©•oo©e«o©©«oo««3oooo©ooooo©o©c>aeoo9ooooo
[CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE \
I |
| The balance of L. Katzmann & Co.'s New York g
| stocki including the remainder of our own Fall and |
5 Win ;er Garments, will be closed cut at o
| 35c on the Dollar. |
I $8.50 TAN KERSEY JACKETS will be closed out at ....$4.95 g
) $15.00 and $12.50 VELVET and CORDUROY BLOUSES and q
i ETON JACKETS, silk-lined throughout, will be closed out at $7-50 o
\ $12.50 yb COATS, with double capes, to go at 96.75 ©
\ .$15.00 and $17.50 Va COATS, with double capes, at. $8.75 g
) $25.00 STYLISH RAGLANS, assorted shades, cut to ...^1S.»5 %
I ODD RAGLANS, 55 inches lonj?, to dose out at. 1 .94-95 ©
J . They were sold at $12.50 and $15.00 ,®
I ODD JACKETS, value $7.50 to $35-00, will be closed out at S
i . . . ; . .... . :i '. .$3.45 to $12.45 %
\ $35-00 and $40.00 NOVELTY RAGLANS to be closed out at $22.50 e
\ $40.00 and $50.00 SILK RAGLANS; fancy trimmed, silk-lined •
J ....'.................... ....$25.00 and $30.00 g
y $12.50 OXFORD TAILOR SUITS to close out at........ ......$4,95 %
\ $25.00 B.LACK CHEVIOT SUITS, jacket silk-lined, skirt lined G
» witli silk- moreen.- will be closed out at...... $12.45 ©
|" ODD SUITS, value $1500 to $25.00, will be closed out at. •
> ..:......... $6.95, $7«45. $9.95 2
i $3.50 and $4.00 CHILDREN'S JACKETS cut to...... $L5O ©
j. $5.00 BLACK". BOUCLE CAPES to close out at $1.5O 6
I $3x0 MEDIUM AND DARK GRAY OXFORD MELTON g
> SKIRTS, lined, at........: $1.25 S
) $12.50 FANCY TRIMMED TAFFETA SILK : SKIRTS at.. $7.45 ' O
J CHILDREN'S DRESSES at Me on the dollar. • : •
i SILK WAISTS and FLANNEL WAISTS at NOMINAL PRICES. %
ASTUSESEENTS.
B -' B
B Week Commencing THI3 (SUKDAT) EJ
fl AFTERNOON, Feb. 2. B
fl — -_-_— _^_'^-.«~»_'~>_' r H
I A VAUDEVILLE WHIRLWIND ! |
1 Adelina Roaftino i
2 Prlma Donna Soprano. H
S % .-. f-, -,_ -,_ -..-.. - ,-,. n .n .^, Bi
b -~-r- —^y b
I Joseph Reichen's 5
0 , Hand Balancing Docs. «
b : B
I The Faust Trio, 5
g VICTOR JEROME. LOTTTB1 YKO- §
jjj MONT AND HARRY W. WELCH. H
1 Sabel, |
ra Th« "Little Woman With ths Bl« S
1 Kelly and Vio!ette, I
§ The Fashion Plata Duo.
S— g
a Jordanand Crouch S
S - Eccentric Dancers. B
as — r^ —^~^ "X s -* I
g Last Times of the n
i 6--DA COMA FAMILY--6 S
jrj Men and Women Acrobats. j~
q With New Movinar Plcturw.* g 1
¦ -~~ " — ¦
SI Last Week of th» ?
g CYCLE WHIRL I
m . Th* Benaatlcn' ct Sensatioxta. ~
¦ Parquet. 23c. and Mat; balcony, lOo; Q
B Children, lOo, any part except reserved, m
¦ A faw front orchestra rows reserved, Sp»
S BOc Front rows of balcony, reserved, ~
9 23c. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*TfiVpLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
. Matinee Saturday at 2 Sharp.
"THE TOWN IS DISCUSSING IT."
The Gorgeous Presentation of the Great Daniels
Comic Opera,
PAUL. STEINDORFF— Musical Director.
Stage, Director— FERRIS HARTMAN. .
A PRODUCTION NEVER BEFORE
EQUALED IN THE HISTORY
OF THE HOUSE*
EVERY ACT A SCENIC GEM.
" SPARKLING MUSIC AND GENUINE
COMEDY. .
I^-eaented by the FINEST ' COMIC OPERA
COMPANY IN AMERICA.
Next Opera, "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES— 25e, BOc and 75e.
.Telephone Bush 0. ,
Dirtetien of Alfred Bosritr and Will L. Oraenbano. -
NORDICA
Three Song Recitals
Next Tuesday and Thursday Nights
And Saturday Afternoon. '
Magnificent programmes of songs in English,
German, French and Italian. .
RESERVED SEATS— $1; $2 and $3.
NOW ON SALE at Sher-
¦',¦ man, Clay & Co.'s.
f HE WEEKLY CALL $1 p er Year
Managers
_.. Boptw»4 m«n. women and children permanently eared In 60 dayi without ptln or th«
fWtw laeearenlano* by the "Fldellty' r Method. More thu 20,000 people cured by this sys-
tem. Oau or md for oar book, which contains a long list of recent testimonials from patient!
K*lHnl tt^ treatment years a*o. Tha treatment U guaranteed because It la unfailing la
:_ ¦¦•¦., PROPOSITION. ¦
Yea of some number of your family may tiara a Rupture. Brary person desires to be madr
•troof train, and I takt it for granted that yon care enough for comfort and assured safety
jot to bo en exception, I bar* a POSITIVB CUKE, and will guarantee It in erery Kupturs
that caa b* reduced and beld In the body during tha course of treatment. ' x v
I wHI make yoy a square tmalneaa proposition — tI*.: If yon , will = call at my Office I will
txansln* jr«n fre» «f charge and state the exact amount that It will cost yoa to be cured. You
.then, sin u "ArtlcU of AgrMmtat," wherein you promise to appear for treatment onoe each
rr—k, tad thin deposit th* fee In some bank and obtain a "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
to yourself, and when yoa eta stand any and all necessary tests to satisfy yourself that yonr cure
It complete, THEN, and not until THEN, will the endorsed certificate be accepted in payment
for tb* treatment. Wen yoa to place S1.000 cash on my desk before being cured It would not
b« accepted. Ton oannot pay until CORED. 1 1 bare ' conducted my- practice ' upon ' this plan foi
th* past el*r«a years, and hundreds hare accepted the aboTe I offer and to this date there has
not been * single instance where the money so deposited was not turned over to me within DO
deys from the time of beginning treatment. • . -
I am tte Originator of this Care, and have instructed sereral hundred physicians, wtio are now
conducting Offices in ell parts of the United States, and all treat their patients upon the same
¦ plan. There Is not another Doctor, or combination of doctors, or medical Institute that will make
yon the abor* proposition. . • . :.,.-•---
I Will b* pleased. to meet anyone «ffilcte4 with Bupture tt my Offleow from 8 A, M. to
Lfiblbr.Uifl BnoSi7*fnm ip sptyj.- riDEUTT sxrPTiTaB citre. ,
t * t * a r -'--~ ttm&JIZAX**. J» 29U Searay gtoeet, gam Frtjolios.^
Dry Goods Company.
NEW F0ULAM) SILKS
ANDimmmES,
ELEGANT AND EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS, -
75c to $1.50 a yard.
Special Values ! New Black \ Sflks.
First opening:, comprising: Moire and Moire Brocades and Stripes.
Duchesse, Louisine, Poplin, Armure. Jersey and
many new Fancy Weaves.
500 PIECES
Black and Colored Lining Taffetas
'.COMPRISING ALL NEWEST SHADES).
NEW WASH SILKS,
EXTRA BRIGHT AND HEAVY QUALITY.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Comer Geary and StooVtos Streets, Union Square.
I THE ONE GENUINE AMUSEMENT NOVELTY OF THE SEASON. I
iOj ¦' mmmm THE mmmm %
l Juvenile Fairyland Carnival g
I WHICH OPENS FOR ONE WEEK, |
I NEXT SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, at g
I Mechanics 5 Pavilion. S
8 A COMBINATION OF CARNIVAL, INDUSTRIAL EXPOSITION AND THEATRI- S
8 CAL ENTERTAINMENT. • 8
% Beautiful Booths, With Exhibits; Dainty Decorations; Charming: Costumed Children: M
o& Military Band and Songs, and Specialty Features by Various Societies Q
<3> and Organizations on Different Nights. 6
» THE GRAND SYMBOLIC BALLET. "SUNSHINE AND RAIN Ail OX G THE 8
* . • - ' FLOWERS," - ' O
g Introducing two hundred skillful little dancers on a stage built at a great cost. 8
CD especially for the purposes. Electrical effects and scenery designed by noted artists, U
S .all under the direction of - <Jt
8 . v PROF. BOTH WELL BROWNE. , • «
S , Children's fancy dances, cakewalks, singing minstrel shows, little operettas, etc.. 8
<jj all on the big stage In conjunction with the rest of the programme. An entertain- "O
8 ment for young and old. "Watch for tho programme and further announcements. SI o
» ticket sale commenced. SIX COUPON TICKETS TRANSFERRABLE for *1, can Q
0> be purchased at almost any store In the city. g
AJVEBTIRT^vrP'.TfTS. ." .
GRAIN COFFEE .^^^
Do you know that three-quarters
of all the world's headaches are th©
result of using tea and coffee ?
So physicians say. !
Quit them and the headaches
quit.
Grain-O has the coffee taste but
ho headaches.
All erocers : 15c. and 25c.
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
. tail stores, > clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of ths
city — depots, ferries and parks— '
.pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
AMTTSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT. I
One Week Only. I
. Matinee Saturday. |
THE EVENT Op THE THEATRICAL TEAR
FIRST TIME HERE. ,
. JAMES K. HACKBTTB Great Romantic'.
, Success, . • y
The Pride of Jennico
Original Scenery and Costumes. A Powerful
¦ Cast.
-SEATS READY!—
Next— CHARLES DALTON
• • : ¦ IN— ' • • ' ' '
THE S I G N O F T H B C R O S S.
: - . Seats Thursday.
Belasco & Thall. .Managers
-^—MATINEE TO-DAY!
T6-Nighi—"C0RAUE & C0/'^
•• — r-TO-MORROW— MONDAY—--
ThePanjtfes
' . __ "A Romance ', of California.'!//; : .' '
'¦¦¦" The Representative .Western Drama.. ,
California 'in the Stirring? Days of 1849.. , , : . ,.'
'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦'¦;• - Beautiful Scenes of tha Sierras,
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
PRICES ¦ 16c, • 25c, ¦ 85c,' 60c and 75c
A T3 \l h->C'j' |HKffl KJS| 'jfi.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TV. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant V.-.S. Navy, in charge.
Branch Ilydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
- .chants' ; Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
.1.. 1902. . ,--^ ...
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p, m., (Jreenwich mean time.
Time Ball.
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference i« the mean of
the lower low waters.
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2.
The Stick Apparently Sound;
'An examination made yesterday of the
ST. PAI'L, Minn.. Feb. 1.— Policeman
Char'es Mayer was shot and killed early
to-day by two burglars, whom he discov
ered trying to break Into a University
avenue butcher shop. Tho burglars es
caj>edU v
Policemen Is Hilled by Burglars.
¦' = NOTE — In the above exposition of the '¦ tides
the early morning . tides are " riven . in the left
band -column- and the successive . tides of; the
day in the order of occum-nce as to. time ; ; the
fourth' time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when ¦ there are but three tides, ; as
sometimes occurs: Ths heights . Riven are i In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes tho height, and then the number
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 1/ .
; Stmr City of Sydney, f McLean, ' 24 : days 20
hours from Panama, etc. - . . ¦ • .
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, . 60 hours from Vic-
Btmr South Coast,' Olsen, ; 14 hours from Al
bion. • — . -
, Stmr Mackinaw, J Btorrs, 98 hours ¦ from Ta
coma. ' ".'¦'- '"..•¦•¦ »...' r
.Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 27 hours from Eu
reha. .•''-"•-•«".• ¦"•-.. V 1 -' ««¦ ¦ ' * ' ¦ '
¦Stmr. Eureka,, Jessen, 30 hours from Eureka.
. Br - ship Kinross-shire, McKlnnon, ' SO days
from Newcastle, Aus. ¦'',-_ ¦•*¦•- . •,.'.»>••-. v
-Schr Volunteer,' BrlssenveW days from "Wil
lapft Harbor. , ¦ ' •. ¦- % -
• Schr Archie - and Fontie, Skipper, 22 hours
from ;Fisks Mill. • ¦ ¦ ' - -
• Schr Ivy,' Bomuelson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
DLXVER, Feb. 1.— An official circular
from the headquarters of the Denver, and
Kio Grande Railway announces that SI.
H. de Gers, heretofore chief engineer of
the Denver and Rio Grande, will become
consulting engineer, and E. J. Yard,
former chief engineer of the Rio Grande
Western, will become chief engineer of
the entire system.
Becomes the Chief Engineer.
FROM SEATTLE.
ST. PETERSBURG/ Feb. 1-— State
Councilor T. X. Ladygensky, Russian
Consul at Galatz, Roumania, has been
r.ppointed Consul General at New York,
to succeed State Councilor V. Teplow,
who has been recalled on account of ill
health. Lieutenant Colonel Raspophoff
l:as been appointed military attache of
the Russian Embassy at Washington.
Hew Bucsiaii Diplomats.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sunty —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrances to San
Francl«co Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . ..
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the tame at both places.
KRESKO, Feb. 1.— The Superior Court
to-day awarded E. E. Anderson Judgment
in the sum of $7500 for the Iosa of his
right hand. .Anderson was employed by
Seropian Brothers, proprietors of a large
raisin and fig packing establishment, and
v.hile printing labels for the firm his
hand was crushed and subsequently am
putated. He alleged negligence on the
part of his employers and sued for $15,150
damages.
Fresno Court Gives E. E. Anderson
Judgment for $7500 Against
Former Employers.
AT7ABJ>ZX> LABGE'STTM
FOB. LOSS OF A HAND
The British ship Glenogil will probably
undergo considerable repairing during her
stay in this port. She encountered more
than her share of" the prevailng stormy
weather on her voyage from the antipodes
and had a narrow escape from destruc
tion by fire. The timely throwing over
board of twenty tons of heated coal was
all that saved the ship. Several big seas
came on board at different times and In
nearly every case did tome .damage on
deck. The galley and engine-rooms were
badly wrecked, and a sea shipped over
the stern on December 9 carried away ths
wheel.
Glenogil Sustained 'Damage.
The steamship City of Sydney arrived
yesterday from Panama and almost
docked at the Pacific Mall wharf. She
got within twenty feet of the slip, stuck
in the mud and remained there in spite
of tugboat, tackles and Pilot Scott. The
passengers, after three hours' struggle
with the mudbank, were disembarked on
the tug Millen Griffith and by her ferried
to the wharf. The Sydney brought a large
carg^o of coffee and • about $250,000 in
treasure. Among the passengers were
Captain Catterinlch and other officers and
the crew of the ill-fated San Bias, which
was wrecked December 17 about five miles
north of La Libertad. The -Investigation
Into the wreck will be held in this city.
The steamship is a hopeless wreck and
was all broken up. Captain Catterinlch
says, when they left La Libertad. The
cabin passengers were:
Charles D. CoddlngtQn, Minnie Coddlngton,
Ethel M. Coddington, James Powell, Kicardo
Ramos, Jose M. Tinoco, Carl Tuesman, Encar
nacion Mejla, Pedro Escabon, Solomon Cohn
Anthony ZoUlkofer, Eugene S. Van Court, G.
L. Helms, Frandsca Telleria, Joseph H. Cat
terinich, James Mainwaring, H. W. Dlxon,
John "W. Kamsay, Paul Wiltke. B. O. Burres,
William Dunleavy and J. W. Lawton.
City of Sydney In From Panama.
Tuo Kosmos line's 6teamer Nicarla sailed
yesterday for Hamburg and way ports with a
teem -rill cargo valued at $48,804, manifested ant]
dcEtlned as 'follows: For Central America,
?.«,32»; Ecuador, $1227; Peru, ?i!5U; Chile,
$5250; London, $1150; Hamburg, $.T;:J7. The fol
lowing 'were the principal exports :
To Central America— 1500 bbls flour, 200 cs
powder. 2 cs blasting caps, 4S00 lbs rice; CO
erg potatoes. 26 pkgs hand sewing machines,
f>042 lbs tallow, 300 cs coal oil, 20 cs whisky,
7 bdls pipe, 2 pkfc-s groceries, 1200 lbs codfish.
oOO lbs raisins, 2 pkgs machinery 7t>9 gals
wiae. 16.5&U redwood ties. 70 pkg3 bridge ma
terial, 1 cargo lighter.
To Ecuador — !>u bbls flour, C0.'5 gals 50 cs
v.-hls>ky, 2<i pkgs rope.
Tol'eru — &Uh> railroad ties. 6 cs drugs, 55
gals wine. 220S lba dried shrimps, 070 bdls
snooks, 10 pkgs groceries, 5S cs canned goods,
oLT> lbs ham, 1771 lbs lard.
To Chile — 1110 bbls flour, S50 cs canned tal
mon. 7C0 lbs codfish, 1142 lbs dried shrimps.
11(55 lbs lard.
To Hamburg— 000 bbls asphaltum, 1620 Ib3
beeswax. . <50,Ofc8 feet lumber.
To London — 1000 ca canned salmon, 40 cs
canned fruit.: ¦ . . • •
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
TO; SAIL,
The British ship Drummulr will load mer
chandise and lumber at this port for Mel
bourne or Frcmantle (lump sum).
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Afghanistan was cleared
Friday for Queenstown lor orders, with 7<i.
118 ctl3 wheat, valued at $S2,7S0, and 22.C00
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at ifi-MO. ;
The French ship Hoche, which sailed yefter
day for Queenstown tor orders, carried «>6,120
ctls of wheat, valued at $tiT.TTO, and 22,uou teet
of lumber as dunnage, valued at 5>'S40.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of, Interest to Mariners and
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
At a depth of two miles were found
traces of ancient incineration, and near
several charred bones was picked up a
smooth, thick ornament of golden wire,
on which was represented a scene with a
number of typical figures. In the fore
ground sits a woman in a. high-backed
chair holding a round mirror In her left
hand. In her right hand is a cup, from
which a bearded, kneeling warrior is
drinking wine. He Is armed with a bow
and sword. Behind these are a musician
with a lyre, a youth pouring wine into a
cup held by another youth, a priest in
long garments with a sword held In readi
ness to sacrifice a sheep, and a figure
with a fan. The work Is crude, but there
are traces In it of Greek Influence.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. L-The most
interesting remains of the ancient Sarma
tians ever discovered have been unearthed
on the banks of the Rosie River, province
of Kieff.
EEMAIIv'S OF A CITY
MILES UNDER GEOUND
2eli.es of the Ancient Sarznatians Are
Found at an Extraordinary
Depth.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
new steamship Spokane sails to-day for
Los Angeles on her maiden trip. She will
take a large cargo and a full complement
of passengers.
Spokane Makes Her Maiden Trip.
The .British ship Kinross-shire arrived
yesterday, eighty days from Australia,
after a voyage which was punctuated at
pretty regular intervals with heavy gales.
During one blow several sails were car
ried away, but the vessel otherwise sus
tained no damage. •
Encountered Many Gales.
The gasoline schooner Gazelle came
down yesterday from Benicia, where she
was recently built by Captain Turner for
Bernsheimer & Co. of Hamburg. She is
intended for the South Sea trade and will
be commanded by Captain Nieman. Her
engines are 100 horsepower. She is 112 feet
long, 80 feet beam and 12 feet deep. She
is said to be very fast.
For South Sea Trade.
Ansxy words followed and Coughlin
drew his revolver. Two other employes
rushed to restrain him. but were not
quick enough. Tha bullet struck the liv
eryman squarely in the forehead. The
amount of money involved was only $7.
Coughlin was arrested.
The driver, it is alleged, whs pent out
on a telephone order last night. Later
be returned to the barn and said that his
commissioners, on the pretext of calling
at a house, had escaped _ without payins
their fares. This morning- be again cams
to the stables end asked Harse for money
due him. Harse declared that Coughlin's
Btory of fares escaping was too old a one
to catch him, and, it Is said, told the
driver the money would be taken from
tne letter's salary.
CHICAGO. Feb. 1.— C. O. Harse, a
wealthy liveryman, was shot and instant
ly killed by Edward Coughlin. one of his
drivers, in the barn at 609-502 Dearborn
avenue, to-day. Harse is said to have
been the largest cab owner in Chicago.
Employe, and All for Seven
Dollars.
"Wealthy Cab-Owner Killed by an
GTJAaEEL OVEE MONEY
CAUSE OF A THAGEDY
Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Noble, Major Wil
liam Pauldlng;, Lieutenants P. M. Shaffer, H.
F. MeKeely, R. W. Buchnanan, H. L. Kvans,
W. H. Plummer. O. C. Samuel, W. B. Renzie
hau«en. D. H. Jacobs. W. P. ScreWE, L. T.
Baiter, M. U. Fecheimer. J. B. Hutchlnson,
J L. Finlayson, R. A. Caidwell. O. J. Hassen,
Moses T. Barlow, J. R. Mayley and Lorenzo
A. <5e Clairmont: Captain C. F. de May. Major
W. O. Owen, Contract Surgeons G. W. Graben
eta.tt«?r, C. C. BUlingslea, E. H. Jordan and
M. F. Marvin: General A. S. Furt. Mr?. II. S.
Ogiivie an<l two children, Mrs. W. H. Robin
son, Mrs. J. V. Harrison. Mrs. A. A. Moore,
Iv'rs Guy <\ M. Godfrey, child and nurse; Mips
Marion ilcNear, Mrs. A. 6?. Burt, Mrs. R. J.
Burt and baby. Mrs. Frark .Jansen, Mrs. G.
L. Painter, Mrs. George <'urry and three chil
dren. Mrs. John McDonnell. Mrs. John McDon
ald. Mrs. William Styles, Mrs. Main and baby.
Lieutenant Clarence Deems Jr.. Mrs. M. Brust
and child. J. C Hawk, E. L. Baker Jr.. R. G.
Woods. James Smith. Mrs. J. S. Pettitt and
two children. G. E. Mercer, M. M. Corey and
wife. Mrs. W. O. Owen and child, Mrs. W. B.
Renzlehauscn, Mrs. Charles K. Woodruff and
son. C. T. Mayer. Donald Monro. ! Max Leo
wldt, George Bentzhoff, A'. K. Mcvffat and wife.
Mis. J. J. Morrow, Mrs. A. Holland and two
children. J. C. Wanzer. Mm. G. '. J. HaKsen and
daughter. Mre. J. R. Moxley, G. D. Brill and
wife, L. Laughlin. L. W. Denleon and wife.
Miss Ada M. Ruddock, J. L. Hughes and wife
and Mr*. W. H. Moore.
sengers in her cabin and 1500 re
cruits and casuals. The civilian passen
gers included a number of school teach
ers, army women 'and -children,, two
brides-to-be and some navy people. The
military contingent included officers for
the Philippine scouts.. The brides-to-be
are Miss Marion McNear, who goes to
Manila to marry a school teacher, and
Miss Ada M. Ruddock, who Is affianced to
a superintendent of schools. The Thomas
dropped into the stream shortly aftbr
noon, but did not get away until nearly
5 o'clock, Boat drill was held, and when
everything in that line was deemed satis
factory the ship was searched for stow
aways. Six. two colored and four white,
were discovered and sent ashore. One of
the colored stowaways was in full mili
tary uniform. Two of the whites had their
baggage on board. In one case the bag
gage consisted of an unpretentious canvas
bag, but the other fellow was as well
fixed as the majority of the passengers.
He had a Saratoga trunk, a valise and a
dress suit case, and the army authorities
are now wondering how he managed to
get them abdard, and having been inge
nious enough for that why he allowed
himself to be discovered by the searching
party.
The cabin passengers were aB follows:
THE United States army transport
Thomas sailed yesterday for
Guam and Manila with a large
number of. military and civil pas-
12x12 timber, the breaking of which on
Thursday afternoon caused the capsizing
of a piledrivcr at 40 East street, with
fatal result to Walter Hoffman, a. laborer,
showed no apparent reason for its giving
way. The break shows the wood to have
been perfectly sound, A aml engineers,
whose opinion had been asked' for, de
clare it should have supported at least
four times the strain put upon It when It
broke. - l,v. r.'-V-i
THE BRITISH SHIP THAT ARRIVED ON FRIDAY NIGHT FROM' THE ANTIPODES BADLY BATTERED BY
THE ELEMENTS. SHE NARROWLY ESCAPED DESTRUCTION BY FIRE AND HAD WHEEL, GALLEY
AND ENGINE ROOMS WRECKED BY SEAS SHE SHIPPED.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Phila
delphia, for New. York. -' ¦ . ¦ . • •.
: NEW • YORK— Arrived- Feb 1 — Stmr Rheim.
from Bremen; stmr Kensington, from Antwerp
and Southampton. '..• .-..>. •"-.,..
".SalMd Feb 1— Stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg,
via ¦.Plymouth and .Cherbourg; -stmr Amster
dam. . for Rotterdam; stmr M'nnehaha, • for!
London; stmr TJmbrla, for Liverpool; stmr An
choria. for Glasgow. ¦ ¦ • ¦ . ¦ ¦ ;
: •- ADEN — Arrived Ffeb : 1 — Stmr Teenkal, from
Seattle, - Yokohama, • etc. for : Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan- 81— Stmr P S
Clampia, from San Francisco, via St Vincent,
c. v. ¦-¦•- ;-. ¦¦¦' . ¦"¦¦¦¦' ¦¦¦¦ : - '¦¦ ¦'•¦¦'¦'
S*lled -Jan 81 — Stmr , Nomadic, for- New
York.-- Feb 1 — Stmr Lucania.' for New York. ;
- GIBRALTAR-^Arriv««i Feb 1 — Stmr Auguste
Victoria, -from New--,York, via'. Eunchal. for
Mfila^a. ¦ on 'M^dltorranean ;crulse.
' Soiled" Jan ?n— Stmr /Commonwealth, ; from
Genoa.. for Boston. ¦ • ' ¦ ¦-. -
GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Norwegian,
for ' Portland. './'¦¦;.
AUCKLAND — Sailed Feb 1 — Stmr Sonoma,
from i Svdney. ; NSW." for San , Francisco. ; : ,
ANTWERP — Sailed Feb 1 — Stmr Haverford,
for New York. .:"...¦-
OCEAN STEAMERS,
VICTORIA— Sailed Jan 31 — Br stmr Wel
lington, * for SkaKwav: stmr Cottage City, for
SkiMtway. Feb 1 — Strnr Victoria, for China
and Japan; Br stmr Tecs, for Skaeway; Br
stmr Queen City, for northern coast.'.-
MANILA— Arrived rrlor to Jan 13— Nor
Btmr Horda, from Astoria.
SHIELDS— Sailed Jan 30 — Br ship Loch Kat
rine, for Pan Francisco.
VALPARAISO — Sailed Jan 16 — Ger stmr
Sesrstrt*. for Hamburg.
¦ YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 13— Nor gtmr
Qurrtsey, .from Seattle..
CALLAO— Sailed Dec 9— Br ship Eton' Hal?,
for ' Tacnma." ' - -. « ~ :
CALDERA — Sailed Dec S — Br bark Lota, for
Oregon. - ¦ - • • •. ¦ :
PlIXHAVFN — Passed Jan ?S — Br ship Nl
veJlf,' from Hamburg, for San Fn»nc!sco.
. BRISBANE — Arrived Jan 31 — Br stmr Aor
anrl. from Vanoouver. MQnH|aQMK9l!K
SAN JOSR DE GUATEMALA— Sailed Feb I
— Br stmr Guatemala; for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Keb 1, 10 Jj m— Weather
thick; wind S. velocity 8. miles.
., ' . UOMKSTIC PORTS. -..-.'¦. r. .
BANDOX, Or— Arrived Feb 1 — Schr Corin
thian, hence Jon 21.
.; ASTpIUA— Sailed Teb 1— Aus stmr Mar
gretha, for Manila; Ger : bark Selene, for
Queenstown; «tmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
Sailed Feb 1— Stsfcr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco; stmr Elsmore. for Tillamoclc.
. SAN PKDfiO — Arrived Feb ]— Stmr Nonie
City, hence Jan 30; stmr Panta Cruz, hence
Jan :r>.
Sailed Jan ::; — Stmr "W H Krujter. for San
Francisco. ' ¦ Keh 1— Schr >¦ Alvena, for Tacoma,
sol-.r.C A-.Thayer, for . (Jrn_vs Harbor.
. KMRKKA— i-nlled Feb 1-Stmr Santa Bar
barB, for Sun Francisco.
POINT KEYKS— PaRscd Feb 1— Stmr Aztec,
from Tacoroa. fcr Port Lrs Angeles.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr
Coronaiio. for San Francisco. Feb 1 — Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco; itmr Fulton,
for Sp.n Francisco. .
SAN DIEGO— Saikd Feb 1— Aub stmr Maria,
for Nanalmo. •
PORTLAND— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Geo W
Elder. - for ." San Francisco; bark Bertha, for
llambur™.
Arrived Feb 1— Stmr Lakmc, from San Fran-
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 1— Aus atmr Maria,
for Nanaimo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 1— Ship Sprlngbank,
from France, via Vancouver; stmr Santa Ana;
from. San Francisco: *chr. Nellie ,G Thurston.
from west; schr. Lurllne. from Monohan.
Sailed Feb 1 — Stnr NfDtune, for Liverpool.
. TACOMA — Arrived Feb 1— Br ¦ atmr Nep
tune," from Seattle; bark Gatherer, r hence
Jan 15. ¦ .
Sailed ¦ Feb -.1 — Stmr Czarina, for .San Fran
cisco: stmr Victoria, for Hongkong and Yoko
hama. ¦ • •¦ ¦"*
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Kttnr Umattlla — Jan 31, G miles N of
Cape MemlocJno, Nor or Br bark In ballast,
showing the letters oupposed H F T W. Jan
81; 4 pm, passed sinir Aztec, from Tacoma,
for . Port Lon An2eles.
Per brig Galilee — Jan 27, 4 pm, lat 3S 20
N, lon 136 39 W, passed white painted Fr
bark with foretopgrallant mast gone, heading
to the northward, showinjr letters L H M K;
Fr bark Vendee, from Shields for Oregon. ,V-'»
SO, lat 32 N, lon UU \V. bktn Archer, from
Honolulu for San Francisco. •
MEMORANDUM.
SAILKD.
. : , ¦ Saturday, February 1.
Stmr Geo Ixiomls/ Brlfljrett, Ventura.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, "Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Cella, Adler, Albion River.
Stmr. Crescent City, Payne. Crescent City.
IT S stmr Thomas. Bufqrd. Manila.
¦ Ger stmr Nicarla. Brur.st. Hamburg.
. Fr shlr> Hoehe, Lucas. Queenstown.
Ital ship NarclMSUS, Ansalde. Quesnsttrwn.
Schr Mary Buhne, -Dannevlg, Eureka.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen, Tacoma.
Schr Advent, Olsen, Columbia IMver.
Schr J B Leeds, O!nen, Eureka.
Schr John A, Nllsmi, Astoria.
CLEARED.
Saturday^ February I.
: Stmr Bonita, JCopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ; ¦ - *
Bark II F Illthct, McPhail, Honolulu; Welch
& Cu. .• • .
Ktmr Ppokane, Alexander, £an Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co. f. . -¦
' Stmr South Portland, Sears, Astoria; James
Jerome.
Schr ;Pearl. Soderholm, . Unga; Alaska Cod-
BktnS G Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu;' Wil
lUmn, Dlmond & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, ¦ Astoria; O It. &
N Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka: Goodall, Per
klr.a & Co.^ .
• Beta Chapter of the Alpha Kappa
Kappa Fraternity, attached to the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons, initiated
fourteen candidates last night at a meet
ing held in the Alcazar building. Dr.
Winslow Anderson, Dr. B. F. Williams
and Mr. Stone, the latter of the Univer
sity of California, made addresses. Sigma
Chapter, composed of University of Cali
fornia graduates, was well represented.
Medicos Join in Fraternity.
. The ladies' annex of the San Francisco
Golf Club will play a series of handicaps
during February and March. A competi
tion for the Ladies' Council Cup will be
gin on the 17th inst. It will be continued
on subsequent days.
The best medal play scores of the day
were made by John Lav/son, whose card
showed 40, 41— total, 81 for eighteen holes.
Both clubs had their strongest available
players in. the 'field. The second half of
the match will be played next Saturday
on the links at Adams Point. ' . . ¦
HOME AND HOME MATCH.
San ¦ Francisco. Up.J . Oakland. Up.
John Lawson..... 4 | E. R. Folger. ..;.'. 0
i B. D. Adamson.. :i j W. P. Johnson.... 0 .
!' J. W. Byrne 3 F. S. Stratton,... 0
S. L. Abbot Jr.. 3 R. M. Fitzgerald.. 0
i H. C. Golcher.... , 0 J. A. Folger 5
i Warren Gregory.. 8 G. D. Gree*wood.. 0
! L. O. Kellogg... 0 C. P. Hubbard... 2
| G. B. Cookssy.. . 6 D. F. Belden..... . 0
!. Total .........". 25 Total 7
The first eighteen holes of the home
and-home golf match between teams rep
resenting, the San Francisco and Oakland
Golf clubs were played yesterday on the
Presidio links, the home team securing the
handsome lead of 18 up. Six of the San
Francisco golfers defeated their oppo
nents, the best score being that of War
ren Gregory, -who beat his opponent 8 up.
The two Oaklanders who scored for the
visitors were J. A. Folger, 5 up, and C. P.
Hubbard,2-up. The total score of the
home team was 25. Deducting the seven
holes made by the visitors, the San Fran
cisco team is 18 up oh the first half of the
match. The most remarkable Incident of
the clay's play occurred In the match be
tween John Lawson of San Francisco and
E.R. Folger. of Oakland. At the sixth
hole on the second round John Lawson
putted out from a distance of twenty feet,
and E. R. Folger holed out on his mashie
shot. The course Is in excellent condition.
A little rain fell during the afternoon, but
not enough to interfere with the play. A
moderate and variable breeze blew at
times over the links. The full details are
shown in the table:
TKOMPSONVILLE, Conn.. Feb. L— A
committee of the striking dyers of the
Hartford Carpet Corporation reported to
i heir colleagues tc-day that the company
l.ad declined to accede to their demands,
and it was voted to remain on strike in
definitely. Over SQO hands are now idle.
The corporation employs about 1200 men.
The strikers demand the reinstatement of
a discharged dyer and an advance in
wages from 12 1 -. cents an hour to 15 cents.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Feb. 1.— A strike
of the double-locm weavers at the River
side mills of the American Woolen Com
pany to-day, following a strike of the
Wc-ybcsset mills weavers some time ago.
caused the issuance of orders to close all
the mills of the company in Providence
end vicinity until further notice. The
general shutdown throws 3000 persons out
vif work. The mills affected by the order
arc: Providence Worsted. Riverside.
"*Veybosset and Manton nulls. The strike
at the Riverside and Weybosset mills was
caused by dissatisfaction over the two
loom system.
BOSTON. Feb. 1.— Ralph M. Easley,
secretary of the industrial department of
the National Civic Federation, reached
here to-day to investigate the team driv
ers' protest against the R. M. Brine Com
pany. Easley will also endeavor to pre
vent a sympathetic strike of the freight
handlers, longshoremen and others. Im
mediately upon arrival Easley went into
conference with James Duncan, vice pres
ident of the American Federation of La
bor and also a member of the Civic Fed
oration. Later he net Harrison Loring
Jr. of the Brine Company and others,
v.-ho gave information concerning the
present difficulty. ¦•;•;•
After further arguments by miners and
operators it v.as announced that the scale
committee would meet in the hall imme
diately after the adjournment to organize.
On motion of H. W. Taylor of Chicago
the conference was adjourned. The scalj
committee then organized by electing W.
D. Ryan, miner, of Illinois, chairman; F.
S. Brooks of Ohio, operator, secretary;
O. S. Scroggs of Illinois, operator, assist
ant secretary. A motion to adjourn until
Monday morning was adopted.
INDIANAPOLIS. Feb. L— Debate on
the miners' \ragre scale was resumed at
the conference of miners end operators
to-day. President Mitchell replied first
to Walter S. Beyle, who said that the
lusiness of the operators had not been
us good during: the last year and that
prices had not been as high. Mitchell
had some fig-ares to disprove Boyle's
statements. He offered statistics showing
i he prices of coal and the production for
the last year. It was the evident pur
pose of Mitchell to fort:fy himself, as he
stated in both his annual addresses to the,
miners and his opening remarks before
the joint conference that the coal mar
kets have been better than ever.
San Francisco Men Score
Handsomely Against
1 Visitors.
Organized to Continue
the Fight. *.
Wage Scale Combiittee Is
City Champions* Defeat
Oaklanders at the
Presidio.
President Mitchell of the
Mine Workers in
Debate.
HOME GOLF TEAM
GETS GOOD LEAD
READS FIGURES
FOR OPERATORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^^ J&V?'
Her Passengers Include Army Women and Children, Officers for
the Native Scouts,; Schoolteachers, Two Brides for Pedagogues
Already Located in Manila and Fifteen Hundred Enlisted Men
TRANSPORT THOMAS CARRIES
MANY PEOPLE TO PHILIPPINES
35
Sur
Sur
rises
sets
m rises
.7:14
......5:34
:20 a. in.
2
3
4
5
6
7
Time ; Time Time I
Ft. Ft.
L W H W L XV
0:10 2.9 6:50 B.O 1:50
1:08 3.0 7:«5 5.0 2:35
1:58 2.» S:1S 5.1 »:14
2:4« 2.0 0:00 5.1 3:50
3:31 2.0 «:40 6.2 4:26
4:14 2.8 10:21 6.3 fi:01
H W L W H W
0:09 4.7 4:5S 2.6 10:58
0:36 4.8 6:39 2.3 11:41
i Ft ;
0.8
0.5
0.2
0.0
—0.1
-0.1
Time
Ft.;
H W ;
8 :5J 3.8
9:44 4.0
10:25 • 4.U
11:01 4.4
11:88 1: 4.6
LW"'"
6:37 0.1
6:13 0.4
8
9
6^
6.1
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle.. Skarway fcVWay Ports. Fob. 4
Al-Kl :....... PkaKway * Way Port*. F«b. .4
Dlrlgo ."..'•'... Skajrway x & Way Ports. Feb. 6
Bertha...:... Valdez & Way Ports... Feb. 7
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails, j
I rl ' r \
. • i
Febrnnry i5.
P. Monica. . Humboldt ......... 10 am
Columbia... Aftorla & Portland. 11 am
J. KLlmball. [Seattle & Taooma.. 10 am
Spokane...- San D>eo & Way. 0 am
• February H.
Ralniir.... Seattle & N. .What. 5 pm
Kewhur?.*.. Grays Harbor. ...V. 5 pm
M. Dollar. . Gray* Harbor ...... 5 pm
Eureka Humboldt 12 m
Bonlta. .... ! Newport A Way.:.. 0 am
Febrnary 4. ¦¦
Empire. . . . .jCoos Bay 10 am
Phoenix. . . . Mendociro City ... :i pm
North Fork. ' Humbo'.dt ......... 9 am
February C.
C. NeUon.. |L.os Angeles Porti. 0 am
State Cal.. | San 'Diego & Way. t 9 am
Umatllla... Putcet Sound Ports. 11 am
Mandalay.. Coqullle River .... 4 pm
Rival • Wlilapa Harbor ;.. 5 pm
February 0. /.
Pomona...". Humboldt ......... 1:30 p
ArcataT.-.:. Toos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12 m
Ariro :".'. •• Coqullle Tllvc-r .... 4 pm
Nome City. T.os Anpeles Ports. 3 pni
Dendprah.. Hamburg & Wnv. . ...... j
Sierra . ... SyJnov & A\ ay T>ts. 10 ami
',.- - Teln-niiry 7.; r
Cf Dollar... "rays Harbor ..... 5 pm
Aillanc".. .j Portland & Coos B. ......
Coronado...k:rayB- Harbor ..... 5 pm
Coo* Bay...! Ran Pedro & Way. 0 am
G Elder ...'Astoria & Portland. 11 am
I,eelar.aw.. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm
China...... China & Japan.... 1 pm
Curacao Mexican - Ports .'... 10 am
February 8.
Pt .Arena.'. Point Arena .....'.| 2 pm
Cltv Sydney Po««ma &\Vay.... 112 m
7 v . Fehrnnry,!).
Spokane.... c an Dlejro ft Way.. 0 am
Santa Ana. Sent tie & Tacoma.. .:v. ..I
¦ February 1O. ¦ " !
Tucapel..:. Valparaiso.* Way. 12. ml
City Fuebla '^jret- Sound Ports. Ill am
Lakme .... ' Astoria ; & Portland
Pier 2
Pier 24
Hier 2
Pier 11
•¦
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pl<»r '2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier i:«
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier. 2
Pier 11
Pier n
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier !)
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 34
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pter 10
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
PMSS
I ,
iPier 11
I Pier —
I ¦¦• ¦¦¦ ;:
IPier 10
Pier 9
Pier —
Steamer, i From. . Due.
M. Dollar. . . . San Pedro Feb. 2
S.Barbara... Humboldt \|Feb. 1!
Maudalay. Coqullle River ... . |Feb. *2
Rival v Wlilapa Harbor JFeb. 2
State of Cal.. San JJlegro & Way Ports.|P>b. i
Phoenix Mendi.olno '...... ..JFeb. 'JL
Pleiades..... Seattle JFeb. ;;
Washtenaw.. Tacoma jFeb. :>
Coronado. . . . Grayb Harbor ji«'eo. 'A
R. Dol.ar Seattle & Hadlock ....|Feb. 4
Fulton. ...... Grays Harbor .. ..|Feb. 4
Arcata. ' Coos Bay &Pt. Orford. F«u. 4
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Feb. 4
Pomona..... Humboldt Feb. 4
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria. ... Feb. I
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Feb. 4
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria.;... Feb. 5
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Tucapel...... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 5
Czarina Seattle & "Tacoma Feb. 5
Santa Ana. .. I Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 3
Artjo.... Coquilie River Feb. 5
Nome City... San Pedro Feb. 5
Eureka: Humboldt ! Feb. 0
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 0
Spokane... ".. San Diego & Way Port8.|Feb. ' C
Pt. Arena Point Arena ". ..'..; Feb. (!
Crescent City Crescent City Feb. 0
Acapulco. Panama & Way Ports. {Feb. 7
Doric --¦ China & Japan...". ;. Feb. 7
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 8
Lakme Portland & Astoria. ... Feb. 8
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Feb. I)
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb. 1)
Sequoia. Grays Harbor Feb. 9
North Fork.. Humboldt Feb. 10
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Guatemala. .". Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 31
Alarm da Honolulu Feb. 11
From.
Due.
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle.. Skarway fcVWay Ports. Fob. 4
Al-Kl :....... PkaKway * Way Port*. F«b. .4
Dlrlgo ."..'•'... Skajrway x & Way Ports. Feb. 6
Bertha...:... Valdez & Way Ports... Feb. 7
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Sur
Sur
rises
sets
m rises
.7:14
......5:34
:20 a. in.
2
3
4
5
6
7
Time ; Time Time I
Ft. Ft.
L W H W L XV
0:10 2.9 6:50 B.O 1:50
1:08 3.0 7:«5 5.0 2:35
1:58 2.» S:1S 5.1 »:14
2:4« 2.0 0:00 5.1 3:50
3:31 2.0 «:40 6.2 4:26
4:14 2.8 10:21 6.3 fi:01
H W L W H W
0:09 4.7 4:5S 2.6 10:58
0:36 4.8 6:39 2.3 11:41
i Ft ;
0.8
0.5
0.2
0.0
—0.1
-0.1
Time
Ft.;
H W ;
8 :5J 3.8
9:44 4.0
10:25 • 4.U
11:01 4.4
11:88 1: 4.6
LW"'"
6:37 0.1
6:13 0.4
8
9
6^
6.1
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails, j
I rl ' r \
. • i
Febrnnry i5.
P. Monica. . Humboldt ......... 10 am
Columbia... Aftorla & Portland. 11 am
J. KLlmball. [Seattle & Taooma.. 10 am
Spokane...- San D>eo & Way. 0 am
• February H.
Ralniir.... Seattle & N. .What. 5 pm
Kewhur?.*.. Grays Harbor. ...V. 5 pm
M. Dollar. . Gray* Harbor ...... 5 pm
Eureka Humboldt 12 m
Bonlta. .... ! Newport A Way.:.. 0 am
Febrnary 4. ¦¦
Empire. . . . .jCoos Bay 10 am
Phoenix. . . . Mendociro City ... :i pm
North Fork. ' Humbo'.dt ......... 9 am
February C.
C. NeUon.. |L.os Angeles Porti. 0 am
State Cal.. | San 'Diego & Way. t 9 am
Umatllla... Putcet Sound Ports. 11 am
Mandalay.. Coqullle River .... 4 pm
Rival • Wlilapa Harbor ;.. 5 pm
February 0. /.
Pomona...". Humboldt ......... 1:30 p
ArcataT.-.:. Toos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12 m
Ariro :".'. •• Coqullle Tllvc-r .... 4 pm
Nome City. T.os Anpeles Ports. 3 pni
Dendprah.. Hamburg & Wnv. . ...... j
Sierra . ... SyJnov & A\ ay T>ts. 10 ami
',.- - Teln-niiry 7.; r
Cf Dollar... "rays Harbor ..... 5 pm
Aillanc".. .j Portland & Coos B. ......
Coronado...k:rayB- Harbor ..... 5 pm
Coo* Bay...! Ran Pedro & Way. 0 am
G Elder ...'Astoria & Portland. 11 am
I,eelar.aw.. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm
China...... China & Japan.... 1 pm
Curacao Mexican - Ports .'... 10 am
February 8.
Pt .Arena.'. Point Arena .....'.| 2 pm
Cltv Sydney Po««ma &\Vay.... 112 m
7 v . Fehrnnry,!).
Spokane.... c an Dlejro ft Way.. 0 am
Santa Ana. Sent tie & Tacoma.. .:v. ..I
¦ February 1O. ¦ " !
Tucapel..:. Valparaiso.* Way. 12. ml
City Fuebla '^jret- Sound Ports. Ill am
Lakme .... ' Astoria ; & Portland
Pier 2
Pier 24
Hier 2
Pier 11
•¦
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pl<»r '2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier i:«
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier. 2
Pier 11
Pier n
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier !)
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 34
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pter 10
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
PMSS
I ,
iPier 11
I Pier —
I ¦¦• ¦¦¦ ;:
IPier 10
Pier 9
Pier —
Steamer, i From. . Due.
M. Dollar. . . . San Pedro Feb. 2
S.Barbara... Humboldt \|Feb. 1!
Maudalay. Coqullle River ... . |Feb. *2
Rival v Wlilapa Harbor JFeb. 2
State of Cal.. San JJlegro & Way Ports.|P>b. i
Phoenix Mendi.olno '...... ..JFeb. 'JL
Pleiades..... Seattle JFeb. ;;
Washtenaw.. Tacoma jFeb. :>
Coronado. . . . Grayb Harbor ji«'eo. 'A
R. Dol.ar Seattle & Hadlock ....|Feb. 4
Fulton. ...... Grays Harbor .. ..|Feb. 4
Arcata. ' Coos Bay &Pt. Orford. F«u. 4
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Feb. 4
Pomona..... Humboldt Feb. 4
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria. ... Feb. I
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Feb. 4
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria.;... Feb. 5
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Tucapel...... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 5
Czarina Seattle & "Tacoma Feb. 5
Santa Ana. .. I Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 3
Artjo.... Coquilie River Feb. 5
Nome City... San Pedro Feb. 5
Eureka: Humboldt ! Feb. 0
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 0
Spokane... ".. San Diego & Way Port8.|Feb. ' C
Pt. Arena Point Arena ". ..'..; Feb. (!
Crescent City Crescent City Feb. 0
Acapulco. Panama & Way Ports. {Feb. 7
Doric --¦ China & Japan...". ;. Feb. 7
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 8
Lakme Portland & Astoria. ... Feb. 8
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Feb. I)
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb. 1)
Sequoia. Grays Harbor Feb. 9
North Fork.. Humboldt Feb. 10
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Guatemala. .". Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 31
Alarm da Honolulu Feb. 11
From.
Due.
0CEA1TTBAVBL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' L* Steamers leave Broadway
ffib«t ' Wharf. San Francisco: •
¦ Hffib^. For Ketchikan, Juneau,
Skagway. etc.. Alaska—ll a.
PSrFft^S^ m.. Jan. 31, Feb. 5, 10, 15. 20.
>|S 25, Mar. 2. , Change to com-
HBPSiiSIl pany's steamers at Seattle.
r®$^Bm For Victoria. Vancouver.
' *" -''¦'' j^BBi Port Townsend, Seattle. Taco-
. ¦¦•W4, ma. Everett, New Whatcom —
11 a. m.. 'Jan.~31, Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20, 23. Mar 3.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ! at SeatUe or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. F. ay.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21. 26, Mar. 3.
. For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 9 a. m-
For Los Angeles, cajllng at Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hue-
neme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bcntta only).
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Feb. 3, 11, 19. 27, Mar. 7.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Feb. 7, 15, 23, Mar. 8.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas, SanU Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder. ¦
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing Gates. - . -
TJC"K"F.T m?TTC?E— l New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GQODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
' 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
TO—
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60 Including meals and berth for the
round trio on board the Pacinc Coast 3. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7, March 7, April 7. Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Engenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La
Par Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars inquire at
T l ir'k*t Offifi. * New Montgomery st.-, or 10
Market nt.. P»»n Francisco. • -
O R.&iV. CO,
Only Steuaslilp Xilz&at to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And 6hor>* Rail Mns from Portland to all
points EaRt. Thrpufth Tlcketa to all
po!n**. •»'• r«O' ot* «te*»m«hfo nnd rail f at
lowest xt-A-arams.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEST 2 ui HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.
Feb. 2, 12. 22; Mar. 4, 14, 24
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 7, 17. 27; Mar. 9, 19, 29
Steamer sail* from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y, S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
ttc. No cargo received on board on day of
Fatling. " • ..-..:
SS. HONGKONG MARU ......". »
Thursday, January 30th, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU..
Tuesday, February 23th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU ,
Friday. March 21st, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced . rates. For
freieht ar.d passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.-
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapofai.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
nr<1 3, rl^r 10, 12 m. .* ¦; ¦¦- -
TUCAPEL Feb. 10'PALENA March 10
GUATEMALA..Feb. 18 SANTIAGO
Three steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapuleo or Panama.) Freight
and passenfeer office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen.- Agents.
PANAMA 1R,S ?
TO NEW YORK VI V PANAMl DKESr.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S Leelanaw sails Fp'day. . Feb. 7
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. I'A
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar 24
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 3.'I0 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
XBTV YORK— SOUTHAMPTON' — LONDON.
Phlla., Feb. "12. JOa.m.fst. Louis.Feb.26.10a.m.
St. Paul, Feb. 19, 10a.m. I Phlla.,* Mar. 5. 10 a. m.
RF.o *iTA* J LINE
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zealand. Feb. 12. noon] Friesland. Feb. 26, noon
HaverTord. Feb.in.noon 1 Southwark. Mar.S.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
I . " . - CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
S3.- SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs. Feb. 6. 10 a m
SS ALAMEDA. for Honolulu'. .......'.
. . .>. Saturday, Feb. 15. '02, 2 p. m.
i, D.SPHktfElS k BKOS. CO., Bsnsra. Agants. 327 Hariri St
f ..cn'l Fasseng3" Qfiitt, 643 Hirkei St., Piap Ho. ?. PaaSa St
C0aPAGNI3 GENERAL"; TRANSATLANTIQIJS
•JJIKKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,*,.
Kailins every Thursday, ir.steail ot *jS?jenk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ****rfl&B
North River, foot of Morton street.
First' class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
'AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
i DA. 32 Bread-way (Hudson buildins). New
I York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
! ABentF, J> Montgomery avenue, gan Francisco.
| Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
I KAIL WAY T3AVEL.
Chicago
j IH LiESS THAN
SUP jH!i 3 «wr -
: From v§jji
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
tf N02 i'ti WESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drawing- Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Lib-
rary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars — meals a la carte. - Daily Tourist
Car Service nt 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions .every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a." m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RiTCHIE*
GI7 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
- Palace Hstel ' . „ • ¦ San Francisco
or t. P. Company's Agent
I NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Sausallto Ferry
Conm»en2in<; September 21> ' 1801
li-ROM fc^N i-xiAAClbCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. *^*'*'*
.WEEK DAYS— 6:65, 8 :M, »a:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:46, 3:15, 4:15, 6:15. 'GUS, 6:45 p. m.
.EXTRA TRIPS—For Mill Valley and San
1 Katael on Mondays, -Wednesdays and Satur-
days at U:30 and 11: 10 p. m.
..¦BUXDAKS — •S:0O. «10:W. 'll-.SOa. m 'lUS,
3 :1»*4 :¦*&¦, 6:Uy, »:3Q p. m. .
- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. :
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
. WEEK DAYS— *5:25 6:27. 7:«, 8:J3. 10:14
a. m., »12:25, 11:15. •3:35. 4;40. 5:30 p. m. ¦
EXTRA TK1FS on Mondays. Wwdneiday*
and Saturdays at <5:45 and U:ii5 p. m. - ¦
SUNDAYS— 0:16, *8:0O, ?10:00. *U:4S a. m.
•1:40, *3:15. 4:4B,^»6:30 p.'nri. . -
Trains marked (•> «tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:5o, 8:65, 10:30
a m.. 12:35. 2:43, :-3:B0. 5:10 p. m.
. -*ETXTRA TRIPS on > Mondays. Wednesday* j
and Saturdays at 7:10 and* 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:14
3:uO. 6:00. 6:45 p. m..
I.:' -.¦¦.--. ..THROUGH TRAINS. , ;.
' C:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
• stations. ¦
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .*-**2*Wt)ejgp*tjCBtBtm
d:0O a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
' stations. • ¦ ¦ ¦ , - -
-Legal Holiday boats and. trains will run oa
BAU.WAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC^
Ttntam !•»»• » n <i »ro *¦• i» *rrlf* at
hah rninciiM!o.
QUtnUua, foot of MaiketStwt,)
tMAYM . — r»OM DKBlim *. IHSL — ilBH
7it«4 Btoida, Bnliao. Black* ud bat.
mento.-. «iJM»<
7«««a Vta»vfll«. WtnfcnTBaniMy 7tM»
. 7i»«a M wtln«a.Sui B»«oa. Vallejo. Naps* -
CtMMiat % and 3»ot* Eoi* fi»»
•>0Oa DmtU. Woodland. Knljau »^~«*»»ti
MwfiTlils. Orodllo. ,....— 7i33»>
•(•Ot A tUntto Kipr— Ogd— ud Em* •«**.
IH)ti KDm, iAthrop. Stockton... .,. fiSsr
- •««*aNUo6, Mendot*. Haaforf. VbaUa,
PorterrUl. ....TTTTT. 4ia3»
liWi Bhaate Exor e«t— Dmrii, WIUlajMif ox 1 1
BartUtt BpitnaX WDlava, Bad
BluO. Portl»ndL. ?. 7sM*
••••A Sbb Jo**, Urermot*. Stockton.
• Iou*. H»cr»moato, Plkoarrlil*.
M arMTllI*. OUaa, um* Blnff «!*¦•
¦¦am OakdaJ*, Chineae.SoBor*. Tuotoan* 4i33»
•ito* Hawward. KIIm »ad Way StaUons.. 1 1 1»3*
- »t«»AV»nejo i«isa5
M*il« AngalM Harp«ui — kUrtlnos. I
Trmo». Ulhrep felookton. Merot4 '¦' J
Vrwno and tea Anaalas 7tSSW
•i«« a Yallejo. sUtthjei »o<t Wai Station* 7iS3»t
1 «i««a Tha Oteilaud Uraltad-Ogdaa, Dan*
tar. Omaha. Otdoaca BiSSih
flittOr 8»or»m«nt<> Itltar Staaman tUlOtSl
tittttv Braids, WlBtan. Bm«r»m»n»o. I
Woodland, Kntikta Laadlac. I
M.rjiTllU. Ofatlll. UlMk
¦HO* Hajwacd. Nlle« aad Way gUUou.. 7iSSi>
dt«a)r Hutlnu, San lUmcm. VtlUja.
Hapa, CalUtoga, 8anta Ko»» ViSSy
*toor miaa, Uranaon, Stadrtoa. Lodl... . I »¦•*»»
4»»(»r H»jTr»id, Nllei. Saa Jo««. liwmow fS»U«
«>S9rTb« Owl Ltaaited — Fiuoo. Tulmia,
- Bakanflald. 8*acna for Baate Ba»-
tiaia. Iioa Aocaloa IdMt
BiOOf Port Corta. Tracy. Lathrop. 8to«lrt<m lotu*
OioOf MirUnf s. AnUoeh, Stociton, Mer-
eed. jFtmtjo I»i2*»
•««0r H»»w»rd. Nile* and Baa Jom 7iSS*l
f«id«r Vallajo Ui*S4
• i««r Oriental M*ll— O«don. D»nT»r. -
Omaha. St LooU. Chioao «SSB*U
7i»»» Oregon »od O»llfornl» li»r'»«. «**¦ • J
. nunento. MarjirllU. Ua.l.Wnf, /
Portlami, Puget Hound and Raai ItSU
•<«9>>Baa Pablo. Port Coat*. Marlines
and Way 8UUoos lliS94
ftonr TaiHo... 7taay
'COAST IilNB (NurroTT «Aag«).
(Foot of M»rh**Shfe>.>
•ilSAN«waik.O»ntenUU.SanJoia,F#lto«, *" *"
Boulder Creak Jitu U Onu and Way
Btattoua 8iS»*
fS«l«V Newark, CentanW*. San Jom S«
- Alniixieo. Val too, Rooldwr Oraek;
Santa Cxos and Principal Way
BtoUona I*)i5»4
«tiap Newark, San Joa*. Loa Oatoa t*<S«4
a».3(ii> Hunters' Train— 8an Jos* and Way
BtoUoas t7.»<#
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.'
ma SIS mSKSCO— 7s« *l llaikit Stwt (Kiy D—
17:1* 1:00 ll:00i.M. 1:08 ItOO IllSrjS.
InmOlIUllS— r««l«fJu»4««T.— f«:CO t8:00 tUt
10;00«.M. 12:08 1.03 ld3r.il.
COAST LINE (ItrMif flaaga). !
- (Tn'rd ¦"'<» Towntend Sta.) I
«:IOa Sao Joao and Way HtaUona. HiToZ
7:00a Hsu Jose and Way BtaUoua......... f9iOO»
/7i»«A New Alinailen / *l!O»
•lOOAOcait Una Limited — Sao Joaa,
QUxrj, Sallnaa, San Lois Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, to* Aagalea and
principal lntermodiita sUtioni.... 10HUA
•lOOAHin Jow>. Trea linos. HanU Vtm,
Paellle Uro*«. Hallsaa. San Lull
Oblspo and Principal intermedia*
MtiUlmia «il*)fi
lf»:39A8an Joie and Way SUUoua. «i3«*
I IiSOa a»n Joia aud Way HUtlons »; 1«A
t*ii»p San JIatto, UmIwowI. Uenlo Park;
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San'JoaA
Trea Plnos, Santa Cms, Sallnaa,
Moinoroy amt Paaiflo Gtot* {>*•*'*
S:»ApManJoe*aud Way Statlona. I:3U#
«4:15r San Joasaiul Prii.oiDal Way HUUona StSOS)
4:30 r Smuet Limited — Mondays. Wednes-
.-.,-¦ days, Friday*. fo» "Lo* Anielfl*. El •
Paso Kew Orleans and New York. '
ArriTes Bundaji. Tnesdajs and
Thursdays 10il3*
t.t>OOr San Jose, Los Gates and Prinelpal
Way8UUona t0:OO*
SrilOr Sau Joio «n.l Principal Way SUtious 6i3O»
li»i>r9ii>Jog<!>iiil WnrHtoiloiM 7tS«»
tiOOr New Orleans Express — fan Lnin
Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Les An*
gules, D-mtag. Ei Paso, Now Or-
leans and Bust 7i30*
«ll:43p San .lose »i»l Way Stations 7lS«^
A for Morning P for A ftarnoon.
1 Hiimlay exeeptaid. J Anndar only.
_ a Saturday only.. / Tuwdays and Fridays^
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Dally Daily
L.v. EaaFran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:13 a 11 :45 a 11 :10 p 7 :13 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 8:27 p 8:05 a
" VtsalU.. 8:38p fi:00a
" Bakersfd 8:15 p 3:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan.Clty 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. | f 2:16 pi 9:00 p
a for aaornlnsr p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train la tne CaJlfornia Um-
Ited, carrylnaT Palace Sleeplns Cars and
Dining Can through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-class passengers. No second*
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally
4:20 p. m. la Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives it 12:30
p. m. daily.
8 p. in. Is ths Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
dad/.
7:20 a. m. 1» Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a.m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. Sas Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIF02NU NORTHWESTERN RY. CQJ
• - L.SSSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIflJ
RAlt-WAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St,
Ean Fpanslaco to baa Kataol.
•WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00. 11 : DO a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 6:10, 1:30 p. xn. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. J>:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30^
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
ona mum*, to C- an t-ranclsco.
WEEK DAYS — b:10. 7:50. 8:20. U:1O a. m.3
I2:i3. 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extr*
vrips at 1:S5 and 6:23 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, »:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. \ .
Leave I In Eflect | Arrlvo
San Francisco. I Apr. 28.190l[ San Francisco. [
Week 1 Sun- I | Sun- 1 Week
riays. I days. | Destination! day*. 1 Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10 :40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma. 8:Oopm 10:23am
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pn>
Fulton.
» :30am Windsor. 10 :25a Hi
6:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
| Lytton.
G«yservlll«.
S:3dpra 8:00am Clovordale. 7:33pm 6:20pns
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10 :23am>
3:30pm 8:00am. and Uldah. 7:35pm fl :20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:23am
8:00am Guernavllle. 7:33pnz
8:30pm 6:00pm 6:30pns
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma- 9:15:;m S:40ana
and -
5:10pm B :00pm Glen EUea. g:05pin 6:20pns
7:30am! 8 :00am J |l0;40am|10;25am!
3 :30pm I 5: 00pm ( Sabastopol. I 7:35iim{ t. :20pm,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark:
i Wes.t Spring" and White Sulphur Springs: at
t Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton
! Springs; at Oeyservllla for Skaggs Springs; ac
Cloverdala for tho G«y»ors; at Hopland foe
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
vllle Carlsbad Springs. Soda. Bay, Lakeport
and 'Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, (Saratoga Springs. Blue La.'xes. Laurel
Dill Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake Porno,
i Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside, Lierley's.
I BuckneU's Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Orr's
I Hot Springs, Mendocino City. -Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal. Wllllts, Laytonvllle, Cummlna.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
""Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»«
°On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronlda
*°H? 'cf WHITING, R. X. RYAW.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sansalito Ferry '¦ Arnve
• San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
¦¦Vfc Sun- nuiu*,..,*.^^ Sun- Wetk
9-SO a. 8:1)0 a. ntmtv u, rn rt mo }M P. 9:^ A.
- - 1:1»f. *->?-*•*»«. *"/•
Fara, du rnaebn u Summit wlllmti. 11 OH. - ,
. VtktX 0Se«. «21 1LUUUT SXBSZX a« SAC&IUXO WOOKX.
BAY AND BIVEB STE A3IEB3.
FOR 0. S. KAVY YAR3 AMD YAILEJ)
Steamsr; G3il. FRI^BE-: o; M0KTICELL3
0.45 a. m., 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sun-
day.. Sunday. 9:45 a,m., 8:30 p. no. Leaves
Vallejr. 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. B p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. T a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 15CS. Landing - and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCiX
BROS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, S D ND AY, FEBRUARY 2, 1 90 2.
36
8AJT FRANCISCO CALL. .
BUSINESS OFFICE 'of The Ban FraaoUoo
Call, corner of Market and Third street* ; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m»
039 McAllister street; open until 9:20 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9: SO p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlUmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
At 11 a. m. Rev. and Mrs. L. P. Broadof
Kansas . will speak on "Work In Our Own
Land." At 7:30 p. m. the pastor will preach:
topic, "Love Abounding in Knowledge and
Judgment" All are cordially Invited.
THIR.D Congregational Church. Fifteenth St..
near Mission— Rev. William Rader; resi-
dence. 116 Capp st: tel. Mission 275. 11 a.
m.. sacrament of the Lord's Supper and re-
ception of new members. 7:30 p. m.. The
Elegy of Faith." a etudy In the problem of
pain and the Immortality of the soul, from
Tennyson's "In Memorlam."
PARK Congregational Church. 1649 Hayes st.
near Central ave. — Professor R. R. Lloyd will
preach morning and evening. 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m.; subject, morning. "Two Words
From the Distant Past"; evening, "Right
About Face " Sunday school and Professor
Lloyd's Bible class at 12:30. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:30. Praise service at 7:15. Good muslo
under the leadership of Mrs. Jessie Dean
Moore. Seats free. All welcome.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement Bt. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson et;
. telephone Jackson 1941. 11 a. m., sermon:
theme. "What Is It to Be a Christian T'
Communion eervice. Reception of new mem-
bers. 7 :45 p. m. subject. "Hundredfold Com-
pensation." Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. C.
E. Society. 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial
welcome for every cne^ "
CENTRAL Church. Mission Bt.. between Sixth
and Seventh— Rev. Arthur H. Briggs and
Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. pastors. 11 a. m..
sermon by one of the pastors: subject. "The
Reasonableness of the Christian Faith."
12:45 p. m.. Sabbath school, Rolla V. Watt
superintendent; 6:15 p. m.. Societies of
Christian Endeavor; 7:30 p. m.. concert pro-
gramme—Organ voluntary, "Prayer" (Paul
Devred); chorus anthem, "The Lord Is Good"
(Costa); quartet. "Love Not the World"
• Sullivan-Shelley): flute solo, "Nocturne."
Op. 17 (Doppler). Professor A. Lombardo;
anthem, "How Beautiful Upon the Moun-
tain" (Barnby-Ashwell) ; flute solo at offer-
tory, andante. Op. 83 (Bohm). Professor A.
Lombardo. Roscc* Warren Lucy, organist
and choirmaster. 8 p. m.. Dr. T. C. Illff.
post chaplain, chief of the G. A. B,. will
Epeak by request on "Thirty Years Among
the Mormons." Dr. Iliff's long residence In
Utah as superintendent of missions, his par-
ticipation in the conflict of Americanism
with Mormonism, his leadership' at Washing-
ton against the polygamlst Congressman.
Brigham H. Roberts, insure a Btirring and
profitable address on Utah qffalrs. The seats
are free and the people are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodlet Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
sts. — Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will
preach at 11 a. m. on "Paul's Best Friend,"
and at 7:30 p. m. on "The Claims of God."
Special music at the evening service by large
choir, I. E. Blake director. Seats free. All
invited. Evangelistic cervices every even-
ing next week.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin Bts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minis-
ter «meritUE; Chas. A. Murdock superintend- '
ent of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is
at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach;
subject "Self-consecration." Music from
the works of Franz Schubert by the choir
and chorus. The Bible class under Professor
Bacon will meet at 10 o'clock. All are cor-
dially invited. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp I
and Twentieth Ets. — Rev. E. F. DInsmore, !
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Morning theme. "The Christian." Evening
theme. "The Man With a Hoe," a social
study. -. . I
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
Rtv. F. W. Clampett D.D.. rector: holy
communion. 7:30 and 11a.m.; Sunday school.
8:30 a. m. ; morning service. 11 o'clock, ser- j
mon by rector; afternoon Bervlce, 4 o'clock, j
address by assistant; people's one hour serv- I
Ice. 8 p. ra.. sermon by rector. All seats free. !
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Call- I
fornla and Octavia ets. — Rev. John Hemp- j
hill, D.D.. pastor: Rev. George G. Eldredge.
associate pastor. Dr. Hemphill will preach j
at 11 a. m. : topic. "The Loneliness of |
Christ." and at Second-st Mission at 7:30 |
p. ra. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper '¦
will be administered after the morning ser-
vice. Mr. Eldredge will preach at 7:30 p.
m. Morning Sabbath school at 10. After-
noon Sabbath school at 12:30. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:30 p. m. All are cordially Invited. |
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett Bt., near j
Twenty-third — Sacred concert and organ re-
cital, 7:30; barytone sclos, "Angel Land"
Rev. Gibson; "O Rest in the Lord," Mr, W.
Clifford Smith: contralto solos, "One Sweetly
Solemn Thought" Miss G. Ferrel; "Beyond
the Gates of Paradise." Mrs. Raymond
Brace: organ toccata (Dubols). "Angelus I
BelUs" (Dorn). "Summerland March" (Gel- !
bel): violin solo. "Nocturne" (Mendelssohn),
by Mr. Paul A. Normand. Organist, Miss i
Lotta J. Underbill. j
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist. Central I
block, 223 Sutter Et.. between Kearny and '
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11 |
a. m.;. subject of lesson-sermon. "Spirit." !
Sunday-school for children at the same hour, j
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock. '
Free reading-rooms. 20G Kearny st, rooms •
509-510. All are welcome. j
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS, the distinguished !
liberal thinker and orator, will deliver his :
preat lecture to-night at Golden Gate Hall, '•
«525 Sutter st., 7:45 o'clock: subject. "The i
Death of the Devil." Madame Abbie Car- '
rington, the eminent prlma donna, late of i
London, will slnp. Mr. Emlyn Lewys, 'the •
noted pianist will render piano solos. The :
hall will be well heated. Commencing this '
evening only one hundred seats will be re- \
served and all the other seats on the floor I
and in the galleries will be open, free to all, •
at 7:15 o'clock. . '.
PEOPLE'S Popular Happy Hour Song Service, i
just sixty minutes long, commencing at 7 :30 1
p. m., on Sunday, at Trinity Methodist I
Church, corner Market, Sixteenth and Noe I
ets. Castro-st. cars pass the church. Come :
and sing the old sonps. Sermon on "Morality i
Not EnouEh." Sermon at 11 a. m. on "God J
Declared by His Son." Morning anthem i
"God So Loved the World." by Stainer* ;
evening, "Holy. Holy, Holy." by Dykes '
Class meeting at 10 a. m. Milton D. Buck,
P.P.. pastor. Geo. R. Bird, choirmaster. !
A GREAT mass meeting for men to-day at 3
o'clock in the Youns Men's Christian Asso- ;
oiatlon Auditorium. AddreFS bv Frederick I
W. Clampett, P.D., rector of Trinity i
Church. Seats free to all young men. Mr.
H. H. Barrihart will sing every Sunday in :
this month. \
EVANGELIST W. J. McCLURE will preach '
to-morrow at Gospel Hall, 3036 Sixteenth st i
near Valencia, at 7:45 p. m. All welcome. •
No collection. :
THE Theosophlcal Society.— Public lecture to- '¦
night In Odd Fellows' building, at 8 o'clock'
by Mr. Frederick M. Willis; subject "Theos-
ophy and- the Theosophlsts." Inquirers' class
Sunday. 11a.m. The children's group, "The
Golden Chain." Sunday. 11:30 a. m. Public
meetings Tuesday. 8 p. m.. and Thursday at
2:w p. m. Lending library open daily from
1 to 4 o. m. J
THEOSOPHICAL.— Free popular lectures every I
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building. 809 Market
St.; subject to-night "The Secret Doctrine— I
Its Origin and Purpose." by Miss Marie A. i
Tlalsh- Bible class, II a. m. Inquirers'!
meeting Thursdays. 2:30 p. m. Thought
power considered. Free lending library cp«n I
Monday, Thursday and Saturday. 1 to 4. and
Saturday evenings. '
MEETINGS — SUXPAV.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market st ; subject. "Theory and Practice" •
followed by magnificent views of a tour of
England, Ireland and Scotland; free tickets
will be distributed for X-Ray exhibition at
sanitarium Tuesday evening: seats free' no
collection; remember the question box.
KISMET, king of developing mediums: 2524
Kulton st, McAllister car; slate writing, ma-
terialization, ballot reading, etc.; developed
In 3 sittings. $20; slate writing sittings 60c.
readings 60c, magnetizing elates $1; hour*
1 to 4 p. m., 7 to 8 p. m.
THE Hermetic Brotherhood resumes open meet-
!?%£ $"**£ evening. Feb. 6. at 8 o'clock,
at 509 Van Ness ave.; all seekers for truth
welcome.
PHENOMENAL and philosophical demonstra-
tion of immortality of the soul by Mesdames
Young and Seal to-night 605 McAllister; 10c.
PR ., < £ 3REJ S IVE SPjrttualtats. Occidental Hall.
f^j^efe,?^ 7:ao »¦»•; *"• * :
M ?£. ! TO ? DA 5?' 8 ,. evincing test circles.
Ninth -t Tuesday; re-din** dally. 278
A— MRS. GILLINGHAM'S eplrttual test meet"
ing. 8 p. m.. 10c. 805 Larkin; ques. Teal
A— PROF. GEE. 108 6th; circle to-night 10c-
full names, days, other astonishing facts.'
A— TESTS, front hall, 909 Market; 11, free- 2,
8. 10c. Wilson. Beely. Hodgson, others. '
URS. HARLANDS* test meeting to-night;
sealed letters ans. ; 10c; read. 60c, $1. 132 6th.
JV. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
*l«ht ex. Saturday; admission 10c 148 Sixth.
; _mETraO-^~SUyDAY---C«tiitl-ineaU
KATIE • HEUSSMANN'S- psychic : class now
forming; sittings dally. 1774 Fifteenth st
GRAND tests. ©09 Market rearhall— 11. free;
2, S. lOo. Swan. Maxwell. Wrenn. Martin.
"NOW" lecture, "Evolution." Henry Harrison
Brown, Odd Fellow' bldg.. 8 p. m. ; music.
MRS. WBRMOUTH. 410 Golden Gate .ave. —
• Circle to-night. 25c; Questions answered.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance at 8 p..
m., 1084 Bush, near Leavenworth; 60c
MRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
to-night 3250 Twenty-second st ; lOo.
EDWARD EARLE, slate-writing: manlfesta-
tlons to-night 328 Ellis St.; 25c.
MEETINGS — Unlver-nl Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society (non-polltlcal and
unsectarlan) meeting to-night at 310 O" Farrell
et.; subject, "God in Nature and the Bible,"
by Dr. Anderson; musical selections; all in-
vlted. -
j MEETING KOTICES.
WILDEY Encampment No. 23, I. O. _k __
O. F. — Regular meeting TUESDAY •^•^
EVENING February 4, at 8 o'clock., _/V
Seven candidates for Patriarchal de-^ \
gree. All Patriarchs are Invited to be pres-
ent J. J. PHILLIPS. C. P.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I.
O. O. F.— Initiation MONDAY
EVENING. February 3. Mem-
bers and visitors come and see -*%7nw : ~'
the new officers do the work.
$VM. B. AYER, N. G.
ST. PATRICK'S day convention— A «,_*«-.
convention composed of five delegates
from each of the Irish civic and mill- S_Wjf
tary organizations of this city and tflWij
county, and of the officers of former _T^3f
conventions, is respectively Invited to assem-
ble on SUNDAY, the 2d day of February,
1902. at 2 o'clock p. m.. at Knights of the Red
Branch Hall, No. 1133 Mission st.. San Fran-
.¦cisco, for the purpose of organizing and of
taking steps for the " celebration of St.
Patrick's day. 1902. All Irish civic and mil-
itary organizations are requested to select
and send five delegates to said convention;
and all former officers are invited to attend.
JOHN O'GARA,
President, Convention of 1901.
FRANK S. DRADY. Secretary. •
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navl-
. gatlon Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market et. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of ths
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before said meeting. '•
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902. •
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the offlce of
the company, 327 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing: year,
and the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
$50 WEEKLY and expenses; sample free;
greatest money-making Invention of the age;
automatic washer does family .washing In 30
minutes without labor or attention; cheaper
than other machines; Indestructible: agents
coining money; write for sample and agency.
Automatic Washer Co.. Station U, Chicago.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
'•ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SALARY or commission paid; work light,
pleasant profitable. W. A. Bailey, Oakland.
NEW money-making enterprises; no canvass-
¦ Ing; particulars free. Lock box 2163. city.
ASTROLOGY.
HOrtOSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, - room
G13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections.
" etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a speclalty;qulck;qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings byappolntment;phonejobn3181.
Q. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce; bankruptcy: collections;
attachments; mortgrages;bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston. 819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. oppi Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
109 Sansome st :
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY— Good home for children; near
school; $8 up. 2127 Prince st,
LADY with own home would like" children to
board: good care. 3218 Sixteenth 6t.
BOOKS \'KW AND OLD.
BOOKS'of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 11-19 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
1»L'S1.\-:!SS CHA.NCES.
A GOOD "BUSINESS CHANCE."
A GOOD "BUSINESS CHANCE." "
A GOOD '•BUSINESS CHANCE."
We are authorized to otter a controlling in-
terest in a newiy established business that Is
growing but wants to grow faster, and will
do so with a little more judicious effort
along the lines marked out Write or call
for further information; price $2000. THE
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO ,
8^0-l-^-.S Haywafd building, cor. California
and -Montgomery sts.
RYAN & O'ROURKE. 819 Market. Tel. Mint 863
, Room :;i
40 eniuoas. $__5 to $5000
f.<» restaurant.--, JlOU to 6000
30 cigar stands, $150 to 3000
5<t candy, deiicacy. notion, bakeries.
5 |»artnprshlijs. ?1OO to 1500
A — $i<A» AND services secures desirable busi-
ness position v.-lth established firm; good
sale invest. Viereck & Co., 1104 Mkt.
RELIABLE energetic man with small capital
can secure profitable situation through
VIERECK & CO., 1104 Market Bt. •
A SNAP for a few days only; country hotel
In city of 23,000; cheap rent with lease;
clears M50 per month; come and see It, no
use writing, as it will soon be sold; $650
cash, balance on time to the right man. C
F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6.
HEALT & CARR, phone'James 2771.
ti Eddy St.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar store*, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
$S5OO — AN opportunity; for the right party;
half Interest In a manufacturing plant. In-
cluding half Interest In the realty, which is
located In i the manufacturing district.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
$250— PARTNER in .fine saloon; grand loca-
tlon; positive sale, reliable investment; don't
miss it. Business Board Trade. 328 Pine st.
$2 19 PROFIT on each share in January: it
you want safe, profitable investment;- shares
$10 each; dividends payable semi-monthly:
send for circular. STERLUNG &. CO.. fiutf
Liberty building. New York. (Mention paper.)
CHANCE to make big money easy; $20 starts
you: $70 return: legitimate proposition; sent
C. O. D. on approval or call New York Nov-
elty Co.. 993 Market St.. Department A.
$1100— RESTAURANT; $600 down; near the-
aters and lodging-houses; fine location; cheap
rent; value in eight; Investigate; no agents.
Box 3379. Call office.
WANTED — A* practical farmer to take sole
charge of ranch. Apply at 1116 Washington
et., Oakland, room 3. between the hours of
9 a. m. and 3 p. m. .. '.
DRESSMAKING— A long established and suc-
cessful dressmaking business for sale. ' Ap-
¦ ply at rooms 135 and 136. Murphy building.
ANY man with $200 can make $1000 In 8
weeks; loss impossible; new outdoor amuse-
ment O. L. CHENEY. ¦ Bloomlngton, III.
BAKERY wanted In San Francisco; price rea-
sonable. Address WARNER, 1828 Eagle
ave., Alameda, Cal. ¦ ...
$750 — GOOD paying business; low rent; good
reason for selling. Inquire at 896 Sixth st
r bet 9-12 a. m. .-_..'.
WANTED— Experienced man with $5000 to take
half interest In a creamery and f milk dis-
tributing business; established 12 years* prln
cipals only. Box 2398. Call offlce. .-.-..-
WANTED — Party with $1000 to Join promoter
In agricultural enterprise In Mexico; enor-
mous profits guaranteed. Box 8388, , Call.- .'
TEN persons, capital $25 play successful sys-
tem. Ideal Information Bureau, 326 O'Farrell. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB^ ~ ¦"."->¦ ".. ¦ •"'•¦
i 860 Market st, , cor. Stockton,
'.'• "'¦ :¦¦*¦ • ¦ Telephone Grant 17T.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. - - , .
. Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
¦ * Agent
Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner -for legitimate business call on
above address. . : , . ;- -:
$2500 WILL secure for an active man. the best
business opening in the city; established.
Box 8373. Call offlce.
CIGAR stand for sale; only $125; worth $300;
sickness; come, investigate; no agents, 245
Third st. ... >
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit, business; good
location.- Apply hox 2400," Call offlce, Oak-
land. ¦ ¦ ¦
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
PARTNER wanted; good offlce business; small
capital required; large profits. Box 3381, Call.
CONFECTIONERY -business; must be sold at
once; reasonable rent* 762 Larkin st
$200 — PARTNER wanted; good chance for
young man. 25 Geary st, room 4. '
$350 — BARGAIN; good downtown lunch house;
well established. Owner, box 3387, Call.
PAYING hotel in Crockett to let. McEWEN
BROS.. 118 Montgomery ¦ st. ".
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st , _______
INCOME $1000 per year can be secured by any.
one who will investigate our plans; no sold
mine or gambling -scheme; simple, straight-
forward business j proposition of unusual
merit. JUMIAPA CO., 615 Fullerton bldg.,
St. Louis, Mo. . .••'¦-
WELL-PAYING seml-advertlslng medical busi-
ness. $1500; low rent; good proposition for
business man or doctor. Box 79(>i, Call.
SACRIFICE — New furniture in cottage, 7
I rooms and bath; elegantly furnished; hot and
cold water; large yard; low rent; lovely
home, less than half original cost; Geary st,
near Octavla. Inquire room 72, St." Ann's
bldg., 6 Eddy st.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 8l> per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton Bt.
HERE'S an opportunity— Leading grocery and
j hardware store in Point Richmond for sale at
, j . invoice: if you want a good business right in-
l . vestlgate. Box 3I J >32,Ca!l office. -
FOR sale— Clear stand; transfer corner; rea-
sonable. Inquire NE. corner Folsom and Sth.
5C0O— FOK tale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
¦ lejo. Cal.: great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received* at Call hranrh ottloe. __im Kilimor-.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'Jtl
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SALE.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71l> Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
offlce. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
FIVE SAMPLE HOUSES.
A 12 r. : N. of Mkt.; rent $.10; clears $35.?3C0
50 r. ; corner; rent $100; clears ?150 mo.. .2800
15 r. ; N. of Mkt.; rent $Vo; clears $tjO...l_OO
32 r. ; rent f7o; cor.; N. Mkt; clears $80 mo.
23 r.; rent $40; Income $110 S00
AN 11-room house to- rent furnished for $70, In-
cluding piano; near corner Ellis and Hyde.
, MAKION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bl.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE,
Call on US
Any House Sold on Payments
Call< and Get Our Large List
.. We Have Houses in All Parts of City ..
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms $300
6S rooms; corner; clears $400 ....3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain 800
13 rooms; very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. ! phone John 031.
000 Market st, cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO.,
093 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
Any house on our books on monthly payments.
14 rooms, newly turnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st; only $17C0.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern, building; must sell
this week. .
Select list of lodging-houses. Calf before
buying. , . . . .. . . ,. . . n
FOR sale only by H. C. DECKER.
10 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only. $650
14 rooms; Stevenson st 500
24 rooms; Market st lliOO
10 rooms; near Market; rent $50 1100
20 rooms; Turk st.; transient...... 1100-
12 rooms; Very fine 400
34 rooms; rent only $30 450
24 rooms ; Geary st 1700
MANY OTHER BARGAINS.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market 6t.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market St. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us. Buyers call. We
can suit you; clear title guaranteed; lodg-
ing and flat houses from 5 to 108 rooms,
prices from $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
from 8 to 88 rooms, prices $S50 to $9000;
money loaned, 1*£ per cent.
100 ROOMS; central; good .paying house.. $COOU
12 rooms; north Market: rent $.'15 275
14 rooms; Ellis; clears $100; rent $55.. 1500
10 rooms; north of Market; rent $50.... 550
27 rooms; O'Farrell; Income $260 2400
28 rooms; boarding-house; central 300")
HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy St.. rms. 18 and 19.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
* We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rated.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease!
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell ....$575
30 rooms, rent only $75 near Powell st..l400
63 rooms, corner, modern building, snap.. 950
30 rooms, rent $80, . reduced to 1800
WINSTON & WOLF." 1026 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
HOUSES on Van Nens ave., Ellis, Eddy and
other sts. N. of Market; cheap houses, hlgh-
priccd houses; real estate: partnerships: bus-
iness chances; mtges. bought & sold; money
loaned at low rates; good exchanges. FISH-
ER & CO., 033 Market; phone Folsom 1592.
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market st. — Bargains In
lodging-houses, for sale from $300 to $6000:
call and see our list before buying and we
can satisfy you; if you want to sell, list
•with us and we make quick sale.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale, $225; must be
sold; cause, death; 17 rooms. 28% Clay st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.' 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
SPIRITUALISM. .
DON'T fail to read SIR HENRY PRI-
CHARD' S large ad. on page 18.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl.,.Sun., 8 p. m. ; 60c. 10S4 Bush st.
I MRS. Jt J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings SI;
letter. $2. 11G4 O'Farrell et; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth Et. : readings dally,
iiOc and $!:¦ circle every night. 10c. .
. MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium,'. 1610
. Clay st; circle to-night; consultation daily.
ETHEL CRINDLE. farewell materializing
seance 8unday eve.. 60c; 8 o'clock, j 325 Ellis.
MRS.VALEEN.medium and palmist, will guide
you right; 50c. 1583 Market st. near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk. 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs C J
; Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c!
.¦-¦¦¦ CLAIRVO Y ANTS.
A— ISMAR. THE GYPSY. , « ~™
Ismar. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead ; | happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are > In trouble of
any kind," discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in ¦ life, consult Ismar, for ¦ she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame, and her name
has become a proverb In thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice; Ismar can
be consulted dally: from io a. m. fto 6 p.' m.
Sundays from 10 to - 12 . a. ¦' m., at her offlce.
1148 Market st, -opposite Sixth; ¦'« ¦ •
SPECIALi — Owing to a large number of In-
quiries from country persons,- Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as in person ; readings by mail
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth..
ISMAR, . the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth ; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m.- Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.V" v. .
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326 A Ellis;, clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
- «ues.; full names;; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.'
CLAIRVO YATfTS — Contl-med. . ;
SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THE
QUEEN OF ENGLND. .
Have a psychic reading or a palmistry
reading, and learn what the future has In
store for you. i ¦ ;, . .
Prichard has been consulted by the Czar
. of Russia, Emperors of Germany, China and
Japan; also by distinguished men and women
in every walk of life. J " j
¦ FREE! : FREE! FREE! ' j
, IF NOT CORRECT. i
So positive am I of my powers- to tell the '
- Past, Present, Future, and exactly what yuu ¦
want to know that I will make . , . I
'. ¦ ,. ,¦ . -. • .' ' ¦ ' • ¦ . . .- . i
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE! •
i Unless you" obtain perfect satisfaction an-r
find me superior to all other mediums, cl_.i-
voyants and palmists in this city. .
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD." .
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCEdS,
£> -,•;• HARMONY, PEACE, POWER AND
. HAPPINESS. •;., .
You are experiencing either domestic or
business difficulties. You are worrying about
something. You are In doubt. You suspect
that everything is not as it should be. You
are unhappy — at times very melancholy.
. Everything . seems to eo wrong with you.
Why not seek the^ advice of one who has
helped and advised the greatest men and
women of the world ? You may never have
another opportunity ¦ to consult a man of * the
reputation and standing of Sir Henry Pri-
chard. ' . ¦.'..' "
Make no mistake whsn you undertake any-
thing- of importance — get his advice flist.
Hundreds of others have been ¦ put on the
road to fortune by him, so why not you?
HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME,
MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME. ETC. HE
ALSO GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS
SPECULATION, INVESTMENTS, insur-
ance, changes, travels, health, bickness, love,
divorce, MARRIAGE. LAWUITS, separa-
tions, WILLS, deeds, mortgages, patents, I
CLAIMS, collections, etc. He will tell you
¦ what trade, business or profession you are
adapted for. -v. v
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelations on all love af-
fairs, troubles, marriages and by proper ad-
vice restores lest affecton. reunites the sep-
arated, settles lovers' quarrels, tells you
WHEN AND WHOM YOU WILL MARRY,
and how to win the man or woman -you
love, and how to make your husband or v.-lfe
be true to you. and . how to overpower all
your enemies; gives full secret how to con-
trol and charm any. one you love or meet ;
HE NEVER FAILS TO GIVE. PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
You are told I how to avoid weakness*
warned against all treacherous friends. Lo-
cates buried treasures, mines, old estates,,
. lost friends, etc.
TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES.
• If you cannot call, write and send $1, 2c-
atamp, date of birth and three questions and
receive correct answers Jby return mall. All
mall matter and P. O. money orders should,
be addressed to Sir I Henry's private secre-
tary, Mr. C.F. Walsh (this address)/
Sir Henry Prichard Intends to make this
city his permanent home. ¦
Hours — Dally, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. ' Sunday,'
' . 10 to 5. '
Suites 11. 12. 13, 14, 15, 15V> (The Ven-
dome).
1104 — MARKET" STREET— 1104
Near Corner of Turk.
Xearly opposite Zlnkand's. Upstairs. First
' Floor. MaU in Attendance.
See Display Ad. on Page 18.
SPECIAL READINGS,
50c. %¦?.?.
PSYCHIC READINGS, '
50c.
TRANCE READINGS,
50c.
PROF. BROCKWAY, whose psychic powers
• are so remarkable. He will tell ycu your full
name and your life from cradle to the grave.
If you aro married or single, how long you
will live, and many startling facts too nu-
merous to mention. Go and see him and be
convinced that you have one genuine Psychic
In your midst. If. you are in trouble about
love affairs come to him. He will give you
valuable advice and true revelations concern-
ing It. Restores lost affection, removes all
difficulties, reunites the separated and causes
speedy and happy marriages with one of your
choice. Gives full name of future husband or
.wife, also friends and . enemies, and tells if
the one you love Is true or false. Tells what
business you are best adapted to, and what
days and locations are -lucky to* your If
business,' family or money matters perplex you
call on this gentleman. He will straighten
your affairs and give you success In, all -your
undertakings; Never makes mistakes, having
rare and wonderful insight in all business,
law, divorce, family and "money matterc.
Gives valuable advice to those who -have
failed In their social or business affairs, how
- to achieve prosperity and happiness.
Every one has talents, and -If you know
' what they are and how to use them your life
will be a success; but no matter how you may
strive, if you are not working In harmony
with the talents you possess your efforts will
be in vain. ¦ •
I To enable all who are foreign to the great.
amount of Rood obtained through these
psychic consultations.PROF. BROCKWAY has
fixed this special rate of 50c to all who pre-
sent, this clipping at his office and residence
between the hours of 10 a, m. and' 8 p. m.,
1052 Ellis, between Franklin and Gough.
MME. M. BERNARD.
' THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next- Examiner bide.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are "In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
DON'T • fall to rea^d SIR HENRY PRI-'
CHARD'S large ad. on page 18.
1 ' . ' ' - ,\ ¦ "V
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215V6 Oth.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c, $1. 234*4 Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
j dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally, 132 Sixth.
MME.' WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
¦ gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
KNOW your future: card and palm reading^ la-
dles. 25c; gents. 50c. 2S9 Fell. ¦-.--:¦
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
. only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 60c.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
50c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr., palmist card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007}i Mkt.
MRS. B. Baumann, welr-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME.- RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
.WHEN you become disgusted *wlth poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. : tel. Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.." 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 304.- GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO. , carpet-beating works ; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel." Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
• -rating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74. .
OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyTeth
floor. 910 Market st ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; ; able body of attorneys.' '¦'-; ;;,-;;•
GEORGE "¦, W. KELLY'S,: Agency— No charge
¦ unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market. st.
_¦ -' ' COTTAGES • TO ::LET. "
ARLINGTON~333— Cottage of three rooms;
large yard and chicken-house ;'¦ San Mateo
cars to 34th;,rent $660 per month.
A ~ COZY, 5 rooms bath; nice yard;. 30 min-
u iS s ™ rld , e from cit y- A - M.j SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st ¦ -. *r - , t, .
COTTAGES-SUBURBAN-TO LET, i; ,
ROSS Valley; Uarge 5-roorh; hilltop sunny cot r
¦ tage; furnished; piano; etc. 614 Pine; 10-12.
DRESSMAKERS. AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns, cut. ¦; 1019 Market st'-.
FR ,f^? H acc °rdeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS? 927 Market st. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; ether flll-
• Ings,, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full, set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. ' '
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarar.tee.lt
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
-.1 and flumes; extractions .or fillings by my
y.-onderful secret, painless method : 20 years'
, .experience; no students; advice free; pricjs
cheapest and . guaranteed ; lady . attendants.
PR. GEORGE W- LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
KI.KCTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market, cor.
•Uh. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
| less'.y; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
¦ crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours. .9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
KASY Dental Parlors, C Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R.C.ANDERSON,
D. . D. S., proprietor and manager. r
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years: crowns, $3 50;flllings,60c;
.'plates $5 full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor! Bu?h —
Full set of teeth, S4;. crowns, $3; filling*:. 60c.
DR. E. . P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
'-. YOUNO, 1841 Polk st. <
DR.R.L. WALSH. 81574 Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext, 5Oc; plates $5 up; phone -Polk 1135.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S 6r P. dog soap by "druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
. EDUCATIONAL.
HE^L^S^OTb^r^F^ElI&cTRlc^ir^NGT
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construe- I
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and. night 24-Post St., S. F.;
catalogue' free.
AYRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month;. $50 life scholarship guaran- |
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,!
lypin?, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, j
spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;}
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
: engineering; day and night; catalogue free. i
200 WORDS. per minute were written by Miss !
Helen Nelson In Friday's shorthand contest !
at the S. F. Business College, 1230 Market
St.; new matter, notes read back without >
error;. Gregg shorthand was used; watch ;
next Sunday's report. " i
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for. the university, law and medical I
colleges; relerences, President Jordan or any i
Stanford professor. Phelan building. - I
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
; vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER- {
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; School,
asECdated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. .Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st I
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college }
graduate & bookkeepers In account" g; figures.
¦ TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg. I
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ- j
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par- \
rott bldg-: Individual Instruction; catalogue.!
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est. 18U4. Van
der Nalllcn School, 11.1 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modem methods; positions for all graduates; j
new,C0-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st j
STAMMERING School, 153S Market; no fail-)
ures; week free to convince; circulars. . j
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran- '
Cisco Business College, 1230 Market st '
SPANISH — PROF. MAYA'S success has In- !
duced him to locate in San Francisco. 210 I
Eddy st. . ¦. ¦ - •
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re- i
moved to Native Sens' Hall. 414 Mason st. |
SCHOOL Trustees— Efficient teachers supplied. \
Mrs. M. K. Smith, Woman's Inc.,/t Vernon. i
PIANO lessons, for 35c; flrst-class teacher!
wishes to Introduce her method. S334. Call, j
Piano, vocal school; thorough.successful Instr'n:
exp. teachers. 1017 Sutter. C.Hoff man/director, j
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, |
etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th;'.
KPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De.Flltppe'sAcademy
of Lansuages,320Post;estab'dl871;abtestprofs. i.
GOLDRN: Gate Night School; bookkeeping, 1
• shorthand. English. 530 G. G. ave.; Lib. big. j
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally. !
MISS Id. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. [
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good i
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th. !
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo. '•
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class y 424 Pine st. j
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar '
lessons, r>Oc; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st. ¦
PIANO lessons given; 50c an hour. Box 33S3, ;
Call offlce. . '
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.I I
founded 1S(CI: new SO-rtaen catalogue free. !
OFFICES. |
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks !
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo. i
Kinoshlta, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 850L i
CHINESE and Japanese 'help; estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Jarianesa-Chlnese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant, ltiS: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5168.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment' Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help.. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMl'LO Y3IENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires
situation; best of ref.; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ¦ ,
A FIRST-CLASS infant's Jiurse desires situa-
tion; best of refs. ; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ...
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as com-
panion ¦ and helper to Invalid; days; refer-
ence flrst-clas3. Box 12, 305 Larkin st. i
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as waitress or
work in laundry. Call 259 & Minna st >
WANTED by flrst-class seamstress on ladies'
and children's white work by the day; 75c
and car fare. Box 3390. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged lady, wishes po-
:; .'Sltlon; competent, reliable. Those wishing a
respectable person | address box* 3354, • Call.
A YOUNG girl wishes a position for general
housework; small family; references ex-
changed. Address 124 A Gilbert st
SWEDISH woman wants -work by day or half-
- day; good laundress; willing- and obliging.
.' Address S. W., 1623 Folsom st . " , ¦
YOUNG Swedish lady would like to do light
housework. 216 Seventh st >: ' •,
WANTED—^-Position as housekeeper; fond of
children. Apply box 33S5. Call offlce.
TO help ' with family mending or repairing;
terms reasonable. Address S. M.,' Call branch
«39 McAllister. st. '
RESPECTABLE '.woman, good cook, will do
t some washing, wants work In American fam-
ily; will go short distance country. ' 49 Ship-
ley Bt. • . . .
WOMAN with a child would like to work by-
the month;. city or country. Call. or address
309 Minna st. '-. <'- .. . •
AN • experienced, ¦ reliable woman would tako
-care of invalid, day or night; $1 per day
. Address Nurse. C96 McAllister st.
POSITION to . do general cleaning and assist
. dentist or doctor In offlce. MRS. MARTIN
.428 Franklin st - ., ¦
WANTED— Position as . good • cook. MRS
BROWN, 428 Franklin st. -
COMPETENT woman wants position; Is a
good cook. Apply 515 Ninth St.- Oakland.
WANTED — A position, as working housekeeper
for widower by a woman with a 4-year-old
•. child; • I Call *799 Mission ' st , ; cor. «Fourth.
YOUNG girl wishes housework or second work;
¦no. washing; sleep-home.^ 211% Bartlett st.
A' RELIABLE English woman -will : give three
.-.. hoiys : dally for room..' Box 3349. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
- to $6 , week ; convenient and respectable ; free
bus and baggage to and: from ferry. - :. -¦ .
.EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
POSITION "wanted by young man 23 years of
age ; prefers railroad ; . will pay from $25 ' to
$50 for. same. Address. box 3380.". Call' offlce.
YOUNG man 20 years , wishes position In gro-=
| eery or barroom; 2 years% experience in liquor
house;, has flrst-class references/ Address J.'
. M.. box 3372. Call offlce.
BAKER, young ' German . 2 years' - experience
wants position. Box 8391, Call. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ADVERTISER, age 27, wants executive or
clerical position; 10 years' business and edi-
torial experience with one house in London
and New York; highest possible references
from New York bankers and prominent busi-
ness houses; paper trade or publishing pre-
f erred. Box S306. Call office. j
STENOGRAPHER — Responsible young attor-
ney, stenographer and typewriter, with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires clerical
position of some kind; law office work pre-
ferred; Is excellent penman: Al references
furnished; would go to good country town.
Address Clerk, box 3464, Call office.
RELIABLE and sober young man wants posi-
tion as collector, clerk or assistant; city or
country; references given. Box 3465. Call.
INTELLIGENT man wants light employment:
city or country; store, ranch or mine. • Box
S352. Call office.
A YOUNG man with very best references
wants a position as bookkeeper; any busi-
ness. Box 3368. Call office. .
POSITION wanted, city or country, by edu-
cated young man with office experience;
speaks several languages. PINTER, 813
Mission st. • . ;
YOUNG man of 22 years. 7 months from Swe-
den, with good morals, wants situation; will
gladly accept any kind of work. Please call
at 350 Fremont st, corner Harrison.
POSITION wanted by an engineer and ma-
chinist with 20 years' experience; nothing
less than $4 50 per day considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3392. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young col-
ored man to do housework. Box 3394. Call.
YOUNG man, executive ability, wants posi-
tion with mining concern; Al recommenda-
tlon. Box 3300, Call office.
SITUATION as butler; flrst-class man; under*
¦ stands banquets. Box 3351, Call office. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation a few
hours day; steady; ref. Aildress 234 Clara.
SITUATION wanted by stenographer: small
wages. E. A. UNDER, 246 Third st.
POSITION as bookkeeper, office wock or sales-
man In a wholesale or retail house; can give
best of references. Box :fc{55. Call office.
YOUNG man attending school wants work for
his board; private family preferred. Box
3350, Call office. ¦
SITUATION by a No.l general blacksimth for
mountain custom shop; best wages expected:
habits temperate. Address room GU3. Win-
chester Hotel, - city, j
MALE professional nurse;. Al references; be-
longs to K. 'P. and Red Men; can take care
of _ny case Address JOHN NEWMAN. 363
Mission st.
YOUNG man, German, wants work; anything;
does not speak much English. Please ad-
dress box :5417, Call office. , ¦ . •
JAPANESE, first-class laundry and Ironing,
wants situation, city or country. Box' 3403.
Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy wants position at housework
or rlain cook. Box 3319. Call offlce.
A BRANCH, offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
. Valencia at. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FlUmore st
. FINANCIAL. \^
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
etock brokers. 320 Post st
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation;" new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, C07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — ELEGANT, new. sun every room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing, 2
gas Erates. facing Golden- Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 5 and 6 rooms;
take Geary. McAllister or Sutro cars; 753
to 705 Sixth ave.. near Fulton st A, M.
SPECK & CO.. 607 Market st.
LARKIN st, near Union; upper flat of 7 rooms
•and bath. In perfect order; cars half block;
rent low. BURNHAM & MARSH CO... 20
Montgomery st.
A — SUNNY new flats and houses. 5 to 8 rooms,
porcelain baths: low rent. 507 to 525 Fred-
erick st., near Stanyan.
FLAT; .900" Eddy st, between Franklin and
Gough; 9 rooms; all modern Improvements.
.FLAT; .Till Twenty-first St.: 3 rooms and bath.
MCALLISTER. 1909, in rear — Sunnyupper flat,
3 rooms; rent S9 50. -
MODERN newly furnished complete 6-room
flat for' rent cheap; call afternoons. 647 Ellis.
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath.
975 Golden Gate ave. ; no children.
HAYWARD, 2, off Harrison, near Eighth—
Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; rent $10. ¦
MINNA, 220 — Upper flat of 4 large sunny
/ rooms.
THREE-ROOM sunny upper flat. $7. 30 Silver
street.
$15— MODERN 4-room flat. 125 Ash ave.. be-
tween Polk and Van Ness; no children.
69 CENTRAL ave.. nr. Halght — Sunny up-to-
date middle fiat 7 rms., porcelain bath; $oO.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR- SALE — Cozy, modern flat; near corner
Geary and Jones sts.; elegantly furnished;
cheap. Box 3330. Call offlce.
GROVE. 721 ',a — Upper flat 5 rooms," nicely fur-
nished, complete for housekeeping, with piano.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — By responsible party of 3 adults,
.sunny middle or upper flat of 5 or 8 rooms,
. furnished or carpeted only; rent reasonable;
references. Address box 3369. Call offlce.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MUST sell; furniture, four-room flat, including
leather couch, 2 brass beds, No. 9 W. & W.
machine, carpet, baby crib and carriage; flat
to rent. 2 Ankeny place, nr. Bush and Powell.
FURNITURE, carpets and kitchen utenslle for
4 rooms; almost new; a bargain. 129 Ash
avenue.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FURN1TUUE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
~ GLOVES. ~~
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wond;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP . WANTED- -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
.....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 fancy ironers. Southern California, $30,
found and paid for overtime, rate fares;
fancy Ironers, country. $160 day; fancy
lroner. south. $30 and found, rate fare: 2
chambermaids, • Southern California, . half
fare paid. $20; regular flrst-class chamber-
maid, flrst-class hotel, country. , $20. free
fare; 2 chambermaids, nice country hotel,
$20, fare paid, no uniform: waitress, nice
hotel, short distance. $20; 30 waitresses,
other country and city hotels. $20. $25; 2
waitresses, new hotel, choice place, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, same place, $20......
...-. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman with a child, girl old enough to go
to school, $15. country; working housekeeper
! for widower and child, $20, see party here
Tuesday; 10 nice places for housegirls; cooks
and second girls: nursegirls: others; best of
wages. C.'R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MAN and wife or 2 sisters or 2 friends as cook
- and chambermaid, country- hotel,- $55 to 585-
see party here Monday, between 9:30 and in'
C. R. HANSEN & CO.....:.. 104 Geary st
WANTED — 4 cooks, little wash, $10 < 2 cantrv
girls, institution, $20; 3 nursegirls' $20 s-v
« second girls, $20. $25; cook for Oakland
$30; housework. San Rafael. $."{0- 3 rest?,,
rant waitresses. $7. $S; German govemM.
$25; woman and child, country, see wTrtv
here. $15; -housework, slwp horn*
Swedish girl, chamherwork and sewin_ i^rv
60 girls for all kinds of housework $20 „<£'
evening classes. We teach halrdresslnr
shampooing; manicuring, face steaming _i
trtcal rolling, cupping 8 an d maV sa £ tV'T
ing. blonding&nd dyeing the hair- Icaln
drovacu and packpague treatment. Pt hy "
pupils our. best advertisement^^ "_ '-_ ,° ur
rectly taught; ladles' work done free- J££
our classes. Supreme Court t,.,n_? ' vlslt
Larkin st; take elevator! bulld 'njf. 305
WANTED— A working housekeeni.- .7"
sician's family of five plrsonS' m».? v Phy "
good, cook and able to do all th? £ 6 a
woman recently from East _n>f\.r™Si ork "» a
to 40 years old; wagelTon anonS?.' from 30
dress DR. E. J. RUdW^-^V &'
?3 TO , $15 , WEEKLY— LadiM — i» ! *'
light, easy/home work.^rtM__ l L* 8 JL want
anywhere/by anybody call VnJ_ an ** done
' 10 cents for samples.* Novlf/l 001 ?! 01 " 8en<1
618 Eddy. st Novelty Company,
FOREWOMAN and 'designer wii n m , — —
cutting of. ladles' walsfs _n<Twr nderstan<l3
be able to grade her own r-L Ppers; must
sltlon to right party, m^^ «f° od P°-
. - floor. " co ° Mission st. third
HELP WANTED- .FE-IALE— - Con.
$25 TO $35 per week; flv« ladle* and thre«
gentlemen; theatrical sketch; noexperience
necessary. Caldwell -College of Oratory and
Acting. Hoovery Hall. 1327 Market st
SALESLADIES wanted for waist department;
only such with flrst-class city experience
need apply: call Monday between 1 and 2
p. m. I: MAGNIN & CO.. t'lS Market st.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl; must b*
good cook and housekeeper; come well rec-
ommended; for small family; good wages.
Address box O. 33G6. Call office.
GIRL to learn typesetting on an old-established
monthly; must have good common school
education: $4 week first year; German or
Swedish descent preferred. B16 Commercial.
WANTED — A neat young woman to do gen-
eral housework: wages fair, i Call Monday
forenoon at 1417A Post st
A GIRL for general housework In a flat with
family of four. 315 Cherry st; Sacramento-
street cars. — •
WANTED — A young lady to keep books and
tend store; one who can operate typewriter
preferred. Box 3400. Call office. _____
WANTED — Experienced washer; steady place
to right party. 911 McAllister st; .ring;
downstairs bell.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
skirts; steam power. A. AARON, 579 Mls-
jslon st
WOMAN as housekeeper; respectable family of
2; terminus Ingleslde road; Mission car.
YOUNG woman for housework half day; $8
per month. 1911 Geary st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman, willing to
work; must be good in house. 243 Fifth st
WANTED— Expert seamstress, drapery hand
preferred. C19 Mason st.
WANTED — Feeder for ruling machine. Apply
The Hicks-Judd Co.. 21 First st.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; good pay. aT
H. HOFFMAN. 723 Market St.. room 11.
GIRL to do general housework in family of
two; wages $20. 223 Tenth ave.. Richmond.
GIRLS wanted for factory -work; apply at once.
AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st
OPERATORS to work In factory. 656 Mlasioa
st. fourth floor.
WAITRESS wanted. 1191 Market st.
ENTERPRISING woman wanted by reliable
firm; references required. Box 3374. Call.
FINISHERS on pants, also apprentice.; ttrni/
work, good pay. 407 Turk st
A— WANTED, girls and women at 8. F. Hair.
dressing College to learn halrdreulng trail*
thoroughly In 2 weeks; course $5, Including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment. bleach-
Ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils ar« oar liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions In stores all
over city: 5 positions In leading stores open to
those entering Immediately: girl not knowing
trade in2weekj given moneyback: day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'» Overall
Factory, S2% Fremont st. : no experience
necessary; good pay; steady work- Apply
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about IS years of age>
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
A' LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed ot
self-assertion ; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only; steady -work; elec-
tric power; good pay. MARKS; BROS., 1213
Market st ;
WANTED— Refined, bright, neat woman; nurse
for baby; some light chamber work. Apply
; at once. 1511 Central ave.. Alameda.
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
1 dress Proofreader, box 619. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Flrst-class experienced millinery
trimmer. Apply at HALE BROS.*
APPRENTICE in millinery store at 692 Mc-
i Allister st; first-class teaching.
GERMAN girl for cooking and downstairs
work. 101S Sutter st
German or Swedish girl general housework &
cooking; small family; wages $20. SO Bartlett.
GIRL compositor wanted. Apply Wasp office,
506 Mission st . -
GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.
HERTZ. 70S EUla st ; no charges.
YOUNO girl or woman to do light housework
and care of children. 1535 Devlsadero st.
WANTED — First-class millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
GERMAN or Swedish girl, good cook, good
wages. Call 853 Linden ' ave., upstairs.
. A GERMAN woman as governess; state- re-
ligion; salary $30. Box 2304. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004
Valencia st • -_^^_
HELP WASTED- -MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY 634-6S8 Clay st
Phone Main £843.
Leading Employment Agents.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY. •
Office Open From 10 to 11 a. m.
Batcher, slaughterer, country shop. - i40 and
found; 3 single hand miners, gold mine. $75;
helper in stable, city, $2 and found; 2 team-
sters; 5 farm hands; S choreboys and chore-
men; 8 slack coopers, near city, $35 and
- found; fanner 'and wife, fruit farm. $40 and
found; old man to help on wagon, city, $10
and found
I WOOD CHOPPERS
Cheap Fares. Ship To-day
90 more woodchoppers to chop virgin, tim-
ber on level ground, new camp, prices:
Redwood, 80c per cord
Pine, $1 25
Hardwood, $1 50
Stovewood, $1 75 to $2 per cord
Ties, 10c to 18c each
Slaughterhouse butcher, country shop, see
boss here to-day. Sunday; 0 cooks; 4 waiters;
18 kitchen hands, and others
MURRAY & READY .634-638 Clay st.
HARNESS maker with toola; R. R. camp;
country; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN _s CO., 104 Geary st
WANTED — Bright boy, 17 years old. graduate
of grammar school, living at home with
parents; must write clear, neat hand and
be reasonably good at figures; a good posi-
tion for clean neat boy; wages $25 per
month to begin; give references; permanent
place and opportunity to learn and advance.
Box 3375. Call office.
ARTISTS wanted — Artists capable of making
drawings for advertising cuts; good salaries
paid. to competent people, male or female; all
applications will be considered as confiden-
tial. MARIE LOUISE RIMES. 700-705
Emma Epreckels bldg.
BIGGEST bonanza on the market; $10 to $23
per week easily earned; no experience neces-
sary; $180 starts you In business; it will
pay you to investigate. New York Novelty
Co.. 093 Market st. room 1.
WANTED— Young man as entry clerk in a"
wholesale house; must be a good penman and
Quick at figures; state age and references
when making application. Box 8373. Call.
WANTED— A gentleman of good address and
well acquainted in this city; one who can
command business; a fine- opportunity to th«
right party. Box 8371. Call office.
BRIGHT boy between the ages of IS and 13.
to learn the crockery business In wholesale
house. Apply Monday between 8 and IS
O'clock. 110 Pine st. ¦__,
WANTED— Bookbinder for pocket check and
' quarter bound work. The Union Lithograph
Co.. 325 Sansome st
BRIGHT boy. age 14. for position In business
of dee: answer own handwriting. Address
box 3377. Call office.
$250— WANTED, man with this amount; tend
cash counter; $50 month and board; no exper-
lence necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market at
ELDERLY practical gardener can find steady
place short distance country; references; $15.
Box 3367. Call office.
JOB printer wanted: must be Al and quick;
salary $1S to $21 week, according to ability;
steady position. Address box 3388, Call.
HUSTLER to sell new patent; salary and
commission. 28 O'Farrell, room 2. bet 2 and
4 p. m.
. YOUNO man about 16 years for men's fui-
. nishtng store. 424 Kearny st; call to-day
between 9 and 1 o'clock.
BRIGHT, neat and energetic young men want-
ed to solicit and drive wagons for a local
- laundry. Box 3376. Call office.
YOUNG man and wife wanted; wife to cook for
1; man fire boiler and learn engineering Box
8307. Call office. . . -
WANTED— Feeders for Platen presses. Ap^
ply Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 7jl Market «t.
$175— RESTAURANT: part cash: cheap rent:
living rms. ; clears $C0 mo. 'Brown. 1221 Mkt
WANTED— Boy for merchant's office; must
figure and write well. Addresa box 3365. Call.
EXPERIENCED boy to feed Gordon Job presses.
. 18 Fremont st ;*Xi*s
STEADY man with $100 cash can make $100
month. Apply 200 Kearny st.. room L
ERRAND boy for printing office. R. R. PAT-
TERSON. 4.9 Montgomery st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; FEBRUARY 2, 1902.
37
HELP WANTED MALE — Con.
MAN dishwasher, general housework, good
home, board, room. *l0 month. Mlla Mira-
r.._r. Ocean Boulevard. ' -.
i) » TTTVEii in saloon; will clear $150 month to
eJch; required $550. Box 3383. Call.
WANTED Barber to rent store. 25V6 Sixth
street.
t'ARPET-L^YER wanted; call Sunday, bet.
10 and 11 an-. 1215 Stockton st.
WANTED— Porter and bootblack; barber shop.
ltS5 Maiket 6t.
FIRST-CL4SS tailor wanted as bushelman.
Apply 201 and 203 Montgomery et.
GOOD waiter at 3201 Fillmore St.. corner of
Turk. I
'. TTrTTICV— I^ 1 - vo1 - soldiers, for extra pay
TvU'y at Jb>_g-rkct St.. O. E. HOWE.
BUiISFHS — journeymen Barbers' Union meets
llooday «v_ntt*. lVb. 3. W. E. Klepetski.
ccr-erai s-wretary-treusurpr., will address the
¦ nlonrjOS- R. BLK1LT, Cor-Fln. Sec.
VUrSTWOUTHY if-rson each county to man-
age business old-established house: bona-lide
wefkJy ".ash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
witli all expenses from headquarters: money
advanced for expenses. Manager, 23} Caxton
building. Chicago.
WANTED— Responsible manager to take charge
cf v.ajerooms anj o'fioe to l>e oj>en«Nj in «.*a!i-
Jornia. to further busi'rset-s interests of o'.d es-
tablished manufacturing ceneem; salary $150
lH?r roor.t!: and extra profits; applicant must
ruruish good refcrt-nces and have HoM «-at,h
Adores* Superintendent, p. O. box llvi, Phill
EdoU^'hla. Pa.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians firemen
etc. — A free scholarship In engineering will
be awarded to a few wen recommended appli-
cants. American School of Correspondence.
Bostcn, 2!aes.
ACTIVE, reliable man to represent large tnan-
ufacturing company locally; absolutely no
canvassing; advancement te. right party sal-
ary $18 weekly. Address W J Vllll 72J
Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and i.urh;
pood opportunity to right mar.. V. PERSON
room 412, Parrctt bui-dine.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
brt * recn S and n a - m- at HALE
TV ANTED — Experienced man to run electrical
lever elevator. Applv between 8 and 11 a.
BL at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A silver plater and all around man.
Apply San Francisco Novelty and Plating
\\orks, corner Bay. Stockton and North
Polct sts.. city.
WANTED — Head Marcher. $15 per week: must
be experienced. United St3tes Laundry. l«h
and Valencia Ets.
WA-STTED— Shoe fitters on wax and dry thread.
Wentworth & Sw;t_er i?h;>€ Co.. 2(i Main st.
INTELLIGENT people who need en Income ad-
flresg Proofreader, hre 510. F-hKadalrhia. Pa.
GOOD second tenor for male quartet. Bos 33__,
Call office. t
¦WANTED — Recruits tor the marine corps. V.
6. navy; able-bodied, unmarried m»n of secJ
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lees than 8 feet i Inches and net over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak ar.J read Enflteh. FVr
further Information apply at the Uecruitlng
Office. 40 Ellis Et.. San Francisco.
WANTED^ — A competent, qualified ehoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must tie familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary ana where employed. Box
2279. Call office.
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted in DL S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of ths V. S. Court cf Clafres.
CKAS. and VT1I. B. KING,
"44 Phelan building. -
¦WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks: tools donated: situation iru&ranteed-
catalcgue mailed free: discount this month
Gordon's Ba-ber College. Los Anseles. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, P.eco House proprietor still
runi Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to J2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
inand: cnly requires S weeks: tools donated-
catalogue free. MGLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 63S Clay tt.
WANTED — Outside salesman for cloaks and
EUiu; state experience and reference. Ad-
riress box S340. Call office.
¦yOlTXG rr.ca -rillingr to work for his tuition.
Cal. Business College 300 Larkin Et.
EXTRA pay new due U. S. Volunteers. Ca!!
cr write Sherwood, pension atty., V2i Market.
S-CHAIR barber 6hop for sale; finest location
in city. Call 1344 Turk st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoo
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Sth.
McDONALD fc PERRY have 500 seccnd-nanJ
shoes fcr sale, 60c up. 241 Third st.
TOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalcs-e
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulMe. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Part Com. Geo. H. Thomas Po-t. G.A.U.
£AII/)RS. cr<3'.n?.ry. for ships for all parts of
the worH. HEPvMAN"S. 29 Eteuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25?
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. let and .d sis.
ALL size men's shoes, ellrhtly damaged, halt
price. 503 "issrlcn et.. bet. 1st an4 2d cts.
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third et.. near ifar-
ket — 200 rooms, 2Sc night; reading rooc3t>;
Iree 'buc and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubECrtptior.s has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
HOaSES AXD WACOM *
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade "Horse
Market, S27 Eixth St.; also burgles, wagons,
harness, etc.: auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. is. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
JU£T arrived— 72 head well broke horses;
weight from 1150 to 1500 lbs.; eultable for
laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara U:ik Co.
FOR Sale — 2 eaddle horses; Just from the coun-
try; well broke; gentle; good single-footers.
Address 977 Seventh ave.. East Oakland.
FOR BALE^ — Yearling pony. $30; young email
mare unbroken, $25. or exchange top buppy.
' KLAPPERICH'S' chop. 3 Grand St.. off Mis-
sion. „ »
SANTA ROSA tzlt and stock yard; horses,
harness and buggies bought and sold. * 14U3
Market et. cor. Eleventh. Phcne South 8W.
YOUNG. 6ound. jrentle, light, double and single
driving and riding horse. 2018 Polk st.
HORSE, cart and harness, $40; bug-gy, 520;
wagen, ?30; big horse. $Z>0, 79 City Hall ave.
THREE gray mares, 1400 and 1000 lbs. 274
Dore Et. '
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
acd road horses. DALZIEL, COS G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagpn, single; also light
camping wagon fcr sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FRESH Jersey cow and calf for Eale. 407 Eu-
reka St.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
NEMAN'S. 109 Sansoroe et. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^RIN^E^TiE^ho^eT^o^e^rTeena for~c7£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— FCRXISHED.
SACRAMENTO, 3712^ — Nicely furnished sunny
house of 8 rooms; bath. Call 10 to 12 a. m.
HOUSES VOIl SALES.
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola. off Waller,
bet. Pierce and Stelner. Inquire C3 Portola.
HYC1E.MC HAIlt TRISATMtS.VT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room S3. 139 Pest gt.. Liebes building.
~ LOST AAD Jf5*y y P-^
LOST — Coming from Alameda. Jan. 25. red
covered pocket mera. book, 3x5 inu; reward.
SI Second gt.. E. H. BAXTER. -_,
LOST — Gold watch, bet. Kearny and Post to
18th et. Return to 2134 Mission -t.; reward.
LOST — Japanese spaniel, black and white. Re-
turn to 1801 California St.; reward.
, ______ . — —
LOST— Saturday. January 11. 1902. certificate
No. 11 of the Gray Wing Mining Co.; trans-
fer of the eame has been stopped. Return to
Call office. Oakland, and receive reward.
$100 REWARD-^Loet. Saturday, Jan. 25, pearl
and diamond wreath pin; 7 diamonds and 7
pearls. Return W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
FOUND — In* Mission, gold watch; owner to
pay expenses. Box 2303. Call office, Oakland.
FOUND — A stray Great Dane pup. Owner caa
find eame at 1325 Mission, bet. 6 and Op, m,
BIATIUilOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD .'ILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
rt.; tet-Bueb 121.
' . ¦¦ MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are tick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
. cases have been relieved by my mediccA treat.
«nent; fre« confidential advice on all subjects
a , delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; j^.ier to the longest cases-
all private diseases in both sex treated; blood
dlscasts cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G W.
O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS SWEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
Mty, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
before, and during confinement; best care:
confinement ?lo; rm.. board. $5 wk.; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resid., 606 Guerrero, tir. loth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' tpeciallst;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
¦ te*d; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farreli Ft.
MRS. M. WEGENEK. ladies' r.hy.5lcian. has
returned from the East and resumed business;
hcir.e in confinement. 112 Mason St.. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIKS
at the old office, 122$ Market rt-J 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25
years' Fticcessful experience In S. F. Ma-
tern'.ty Home. DOC Market st.. opp. Fourtli.
HINDOOHEHB and MRS."~DAVIES' original
¦ method of treatment; maternity home; hom»
1 in cor.fSnetnent. 112C Market *t.. S. F.
,' MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable failles'
! specialist; a i.rivate home before and during
j confinement; f>est medical care: low fees.
j DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposite
I Union pqnare: ail diseases cured by herbn.
MIMSS AXD MI.MXr.,
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER. KING MINING SYNDICATE. "'
A REPORT OF PROGRESS.
The following extract from report of work
done to January 22 la of Interest to share-
holder!" and others. The full reporfwill be
mailed en request: ' •
•TACOMA. "Wash., Jan. 27.
1 "Owing to the lateness of the season, we
1 established camp on the eastern side of our
j property and built a mile of trail. We have
a comfortable camp— bunkhouses. cookhouse.
j toolnouee. and will soon have a stable with
! accommodations for 15 horses. • • ¦ • JVo
j have driven one entry 44 feet through hard
I rock, but are now Into a softer rock, which
[ Is - a scrt of cangue between the country
rock and the vein. This entry Is being
I driven to reach a. vein of ore which shows
I ov?r 1C0 foet en the surface, and gave an
assay of Sli SO per ton. principally gold.
Thle ve.n can be traced for 2000 feet through
the 'Stray Deauty Extension' and 'Lourette'
1 dates. We confidently expect to reach this
j vein ten feet irom the end of our present
workings. We have commencedfa new entry
100 feet lower on the \-eln above mentioned,
and are in 15 feet. We expect to reach the
vein about +O f<?et from the beginning of the
tunnel. There is also a large vein of goid-
bfaring quartz on the 'Stray Beauty' which
we *hdl| endeavor to cpen as soon as cir-
cunutasces will permit. This vein Is well
defined; is GO feet wide, and runs parallel
to the one on which we are now working.
.There is also a large vein visible on the
"Ben G' claim, another on the 'Sulphide,'
and a five-foot vein on the 'Ruby Jewel.'
All these veins can be worked from our
present camp. The veins referred to aro
gold-bearing quartz. On the 'Mlnne Bay,*
'Uuun' and 'Mountain Chief - claims are
peveral large veins of copper ore. None of
.these latter claims can be opened now ow-
ing to the fnow.
\ "It is the intention pf the Syndicate to In-
I stall a power plant for drills as eoon as a.
sufficient quantity of rich ore has been
opened to admit of shipping. • • • It is
only a question of energetic and systematic
development work when our properties will
show great mineral wealth.
"R. E. McFARLAND, President."
PRICES WILL GO X, T P..
PRICES WILL GO UP.
PRICES WILL GO UP.
When the second tunnel above referred to
reaches the vein the Company will be war-
ranted In making a sharp advance in the
pttce of shares. While the present rate if
Oc cash cr Cc on installments, we reserve
the right to withdraw these quotations wlth-
• out notice.
1 Send fcr prospectus and report, and the
J chances ore you will buy shares before the
advance.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
COMPANY.
820-1-2-3 Hayward building, cor. California
and Montgomery sts., San Francisco, Cat.
WE have a four-foot ledge of IS gold ore
two miles from smelter; hauling costs 75c per
ton; should net $2000 per month; entire capi-
tal stock In treasury for working capital;
1 we offer 40 shares at $22 50 each, which will
j furnish all capital required; we would- not
• be surprised to see these shares firmly held
at flOOO each within Fix months; how many
do you want? Don't wait to ask questions
but send In your order with .money at once.
American Exploration Co.. 1413 Call bldg.
MONTEZUMA stock. 25c per share net cash;
limited number cnly. Box 33S2, Call office.
EXCHANGE — Al Coalinga oil stock for real-
estate cr Copper King stock. Box 3293, Call.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F.: branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
11IM5G AXD ASSAYING.
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Geld Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County, 15 miles north of Auburn; 2
patented claims, S-fctamp quartz mill, ditch
end hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of minlnx by owners; mine 'open
for Inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTEH. Sacramento. Cal. :'fi
j MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-ha_Tlnachlnery! m£
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOW steam pump, 5-lnch suction, 4-inch dis-
charge, Al condition, $125; Knowles triple-
throw plunger pump. G%xS, almost new,
S-TiO; direct connected engine and dynamo.
200 light*, all right, $450; lathe, 26-lnch
swing, 12 feet long, engine work, $250:
smaller lathes cheap. H. S. WHITE. £16
Mission Et. - -
FOR sale — One Payne Automatic cut-oft high-
speed engine. 100 h. p.; also two Edison
dynamos. 480 16 c. p. lamps each. Engine-
room, Fair bldg.. S.W. cor. Pine and San-
some sts.
A — BUYS, tells cr rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. '
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Bruntwick-Balke-Collender Co., C52 Mission.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
good*: money back If not satisfactory.
KAI1N & CO.. 200 Battery st., San Francisco.
RUNTS, singles and pairs, five-pair lots cheap:
also 150 mated hemers and two dozen com-
mons. Addrees box 2401, Call office, Oakland.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE eults, $10: dreis pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
Wallpaper 3c. wcrth 10c; paperhanglng, paint-
ing. Merigan, 3302 Webster; teL Jackscn 1321.
PRINTING plant: good as new: cost $4000 to
$5000; price $2000: low rent. 514 Pine; 10-1-.
FRESH Jersey cow, second calf. Brazil ave.
and 328 Munich St.. five miles Mission car.
CLEARANCE Bale of diamonds, watches, Jew-
elry- Harris' Lean Office, 105 Stockton st.
INCUBATORS' for sale; 3 Petalumas. cheap.
Inquire C. M. BLACK, 632 Clementina st.
FOR Sale — Baby buggy, almost new, cheap.
1710 Larkin 8t.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pups. 1167 Stan-
yan st.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgy.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.'
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale »t. •
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacrament a st,
1ST-CLASS -d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 6 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap; 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lenterns. new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post et.
3IISCELLA.NKOLS WAATS. ,
WANTED — Second-hand . lathe. In good order,
with chuck, face plate and tools. Address,
stating price, JAMES McCLATCHY CO..
CO., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Broilers and California hens for
hotel and restaurant use. For particulars
apply at C. BENNETT & CO., 423 Davis st.
WANTED — A small or medium sited power, 1
or large foot-lathe, with chucks. - tools, etc.
Send description to box 3856, Call office.
FOR delicacy store, counter, scales, showcases,
gas stove, cooking uten., range. BozS320,Call.
WILL pay each and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Address at once, box 1205. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: teL Jessie 283L
SEW HYGIE.MC TltEATMEXT.
DR. ALICE J. FRATHER, lata of N«w York,
baa permanently located at - 607 Van Nest
are.; hours 10 to 12, a to 4; phone Polk 1121.
S1ONEV TO LOAN. «
HER_IAN~MURPHY,'. COS Examiner building.*
$4,o00,000 at lowest, rates
on flrst and second mortgages ......
......... Lite interests iri estates .........
Property being held in trust .......
.... Undivided Interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes.-.
if You Need' Money j
SEE HERMAN' MURPHY, «ft) Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.), '
$300,000 at 5% & 0 par cent in sums to- suit:
City, Oakland,. Town and Country propertj:
second mortjra_-es, lite insurance and securi- -
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
Fli»t. second anil third mortgages.'
Undivided interet-t'in real estate In probate..
Mortgages Jiid UcMtles bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere ,
...- R. HcCOLGAN j
24, Montgomery st., room '.I
ANY preposition, any amount; (I per cent: flrst, •
second and third rnortEajres, estates in pro- j
bate. Interc-t in estates, legacies, undivided
I Interests, securities, manufacturing and iner- j
cantiie Interests, corporation Joans. Room lrf, j
1st floor. Chronicle bl*. GEORGE E. OLSEN. j
ANY amount, k)W*»t rate, on furniture, piano
or household _-ood«. v/ithout removal; conti- t
dentiai. ORMSHY. -ti Montgomery St., op- 1.
I«>s!te Lick . House. ¦
MUNICIPAL Lean Office. 10." Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Ken 1CO>.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at ',
lowest rat?s. Baldwin .lewelry Store. S4iJ i
Market St.: tel. Main 1-J44. Branch 13 Thlr'i. j
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal: no commission; confldsn- j
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones, j.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur- !
niture or planoo: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: pasy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commls. confidential. Whltehead.lTlO Market.
ONE per cent 'on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r, 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORHELL, 603 Examiner bldg.
PRIVATE party has S75OO to loan or invest.
Address H. A., box 34_7, Call office..
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no rs-
movnl. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
perty. St. Ann's bldg., G Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
<X. salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you" money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser: other proposi-
tions. S. F. Disccunt Agency, 143 Fhelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
BiySICALi INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes; rent $2 up, credited if purchased;
installments $3 up; old pianos bought and
exchanged; bargains |25 up In Stelnway,
Heine. Chlckerlng, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you can
pay |25 down and* $10 a month; some new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO., 217
Geary st. ¦
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of |6 per month: some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. ~~~
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos. .
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st.
NO matter what you may be in need of In the
way of a musical instrument, we have It and
will sell at a very low price. You can buy
on payments if you desire. New and second-
hand pianos. Simplex piano players, Olym-
pia. music box»s. Graphophones. Phonographs.
Gramophones, in all styles. THE ZE.NO
MAUVAIS. MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up. - ' t
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlnsr, Mason
. & Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any - time
. within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; .costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
' from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
St. ; established 1850.
A FINE large upright, $150: a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In use only 'a few months. 1275; new pianos
to rent, $3 50: squares, $1 50 and $2: Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. - BOWERS &
SON. 23 6th St.. agts fpr Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go; eaey payments; other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
$147 WILL buy a rood new piano during our
clearance sale at 833 Market st. : second-hand
pianos. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best In the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
WANTED for cash— Upright second-hand Steln-
• way or Knabe piano, three pedals, in good
order. Address box 3364, Call office.
BEAUTIFUL Stelnway, mahogany case up-
right: must be sold: no reasonable offer re-
fused. Box 3308. Call of flee.
PIANO left on sale; for lack of space will
rent, store or sell: no reasonable offer re-
fueed. 217 Geary st.
MUST s«ll before Wednesday, elegant $550 up~-
rlght piano for almost one-third cost. 595
Ellis st.
NEW cabinet grand piano; taken for debt: will
rpII at a great sacrifice. 10S Oak st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Mlssn.
A BARGAIN; fine upright piano; for sale cheap
for cash: call a. m. : no dealers.. 1227 Hayes.
STILL renting" new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbcrnia Bank.
ELEGANT new upright Shumann & Sons for
sale cheap. 847 Halght st. . .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. . H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Lathan place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
A WEEK'S news for C cents — The Weekly Call.
Ifl paee*. In wranTW for mpllln*. $1 per vear. ¦
* OIL. ~~ -' • .
OIL tank?, second hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. HX9 Mission st.
. OFFICES AjVJU STORKS TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building,' 0-7 Market st. — Of-
. flees with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. ¦
STORE, Twenty-third and Guerrero ets.: fix-
tures and living rooms; suitable for drug
or grocery etore. ... . ¦ .
LARGE store; suitable painter or barter shop:
Just below Kearny st. Key 630 Clay, room I.
STORE and yard, 1056 Howard: suitable for a
grocery or restaurant; rent $25. :
O. L. Neergaard. president St. Germaln~CoN
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PEHSOSALS, * .:
NOTHING LIKE IT. ~" "~ % ~~
/ I We are making the best suit .in the city for
the money;' it is nrst-clats In every respect;
workmanship and artUtlc design. . with all
the quality of a $35 sail combined In one for
the sum of $1*0: no more. ¦ no' less; we give
you single, double-breasted sack or a cut-
away frock. M ASTEN, the Tailor, 701 Geary
tt.. cor. Leavenworth ; phone Sutter 930. .
ABOUT, your hair— To restore gray and faded
¦ hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy Is superior to all other tonics and res-
toratives. It Is clean and healthful, is not
gummy or sticky; no grease, no stain; never
fails. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or- our
office. 385 Geary St.. The Star Remedy Co.
AN OPEN. : V .... ....„-.
' • CHALLENGE
Bring your, own goods $0 us and . we will
make and trim your suit or overcoat for $12;
j it will Introduce our: work. M ASTEN. the'
Tailor. 701 Geary «t. .
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
• of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. *1 weekly. ¦ L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel,' 44 Third Bt., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 CO to $G per week;
free .'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? ¦ You can be certain of style and
J fit by using Standard Patterns: Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, .1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for -sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or ¦ chain, at lowest
. rates., Gco. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FOR wrinkles use Lettuce Lotion " and Al-
mondine Skin Food: no srea*e; facial and
scalp treatment. MME. FISHER, -502%
Ellis st. ' :¦'-•' \ ¦ . ..
DO you write ads? Sen.l address, to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbu*.
Ohio. ., - .' ¦ ¦ '
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, J8
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each:
,same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
Marrlaffe paper containing hundreds ot- "per-
sonal" acivs. of marriageable people, many
rich, mail, free. .J. W. Gunnels.. Toledo. Ohio.
SHAMPOOING in 10 minutes, warm air, price
We: hairdressing;. any, style,. 25c: switches,
wigs. O. LEDERER. 12.! Stockton st.
PARTIKS "giving: us information of my son, C.
E. KOHL, shall be amply rewarded. JOHN
KOHL: Jefferson, Wis.
BERND KLASEN. born In Ashfriesland. will
please call on Charles H. Cattermole, N. W.
cor. -Davis and Broadway. • , ¦
YOUR fortune mid -from cradla to grave; send
dime and birthday. J. MYERS, 105 Lincoln
Park Station. Chicago. ¦ :
10.000 PKRSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases tcr ?10 apiece at 2;ss Sixth St.. room
11: call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single,. three-quarter'
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
. CO.. ¦- 131(i-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; »10
years' experience/ J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removal l.y
electric need!e.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores grajy
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
AC'ilNA for sale by the A'Vlda Company,. 703
I Valencia st.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. EOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, . moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
'11RS. ALLIE M. NUNN, 1002% Dolores st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
&. moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 BO; dress pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont..
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure: 25fr: all druggists.
I'AISTEIIS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting: dons.
Hartmann Paint Co., 310 3d st.; tel.Red 3521.
PLAXIXG AXD TfRMXG MILLS.
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and yawing. CARL. F. HAAS. 85 Fremont.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY "FR^E^^^^ULT^VfoN^An
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. No. C Turk St.. corner Mason..
A— DR. OLI-VE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market jt.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
102134 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG -HIM. Kerb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonial* at office. 115-117 Mason.nr.EIlls.
I IPP^LTRY^WaXTL.D., ,,-. ,J,
IF you have any California hens or broilers
for market purposes, write C. BENNETT &
CO.. 423 California st.
" PROPERTY"- WANTED. ' ~~
WANTED— To rent, small place of 2 or 3 acres
In neighborhood of Millbrae, San Mateo or
Belmont. Box 3353, Call office.
TO LEASE, -
4 ACRES; house 10 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; windmill and tank; hay barn,
horse barn and other buildings. Inquire M.
MILLETT, Colma. San Mateo County.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
BAN MATEO.
FAIR OAKS.
MENLO.PARK.
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and homes
In these beautiful places; also some handsome-
ly furnished houses. for rent. *
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS, '" - . ' .
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In In-
come, producing orchard, vineyard, grain- and
'stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. . Mr.' Bush having
had' forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being: the owner of an
Income producing orchard and vineyard, can In-
telligently 'direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and bargains in the State. .
DAVID BUSH & EON, 10 Montgomery at.
BUY good land — — —
At low price. - -
- 10 acres for 51000. ¦ ' - -
$14.14 monthly; *
Close to jiretty depot. s
Immediate possession given. '/ ;
In Santa Clara Valley,
The richest in the world. '
Good and sincere people will .
' Plant and cure for It
Economically, carefully, . skillfully.
The prettiest, richest colony In all California;
700 acres now planting, j -It is yet time to
save r. year's time. ' . ¦
A sensible resolution is to save your earnings
and invest them where the soil and sunshine
of Santa Clara Valley, will help them multi-
ply. Call or send for new illustrated catalogue.
WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
offices C34 Market et. and San Jose.
VILLA SITES '
in the heart
of the * ¦ .
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS; . ; ¦ -
San Mateo. ' - ¦
In view of the great demand for building sites
in El Cerrito we have been instructed by the
Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale the
choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing -locations and subdivisions to
be aeon ct our office. ¦"- ....
Terms one-third cash, balance In one and
two years. .
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCI&CO^ — -
¦ Email tractsi $60 to $9u per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Fan Francisco is growing rapidly; location
bert for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Th«*Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
I hlets and Information.
E. N. EMMOXS & SON have moved . from 1 1
Montgomery st. to room 4. 10th floor. Mills
bldg. Country real estate a specialty. We
want more property and reliable correspond-
ents in all parts of California.- ,E. N. EM-
MONS & SON, room 4, 10th floor, Mills bldg. v
$3000— 312- ACRE stock ranch, all • fenced and
cross-fenced; 100 acres under cultivation; 6-
room house, barn, • orchard, etc. j abundance
• of wood ' and water. C. F. MOORE, 935
Market st, room 6.
FOR sale or rent— 73 acres In Napa Co., near
Aetna, Samuels and Walters springs; health-
¦- ful home: house, etc. ;. owner, going East: a
bargain. W. -. WINKLER.: Pope „ Valley. Cal.
CORTE 1 MADERA— $600; : three-room cottage
and barn; fruittrees, etc.; in Merry Colonist
Tract; lot f>7xS9. -Apply on premises or ad-
dress J. SIME. 2603 Howard st. ¦ ¦ ;
FOR Sale^Acreage property near the oil gush-
ers In .Texas; 'might exchange for California
¦V ". real estate. Address F. B., room 160. Russ
.-House." ¦¦",-/¦., '¦¦¦•.: rV ¦:.' ¦ . - ¦". ¦/¦-,.-
TO lease— Neely Dairy Ranch. Bay Point Sta-
- tion. Contra Costa Co., Cal. . Address L.
NEELY.. Dlmond.-Cal. - . y: . :
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and pruna
lands to sell: right locality; blg.woney; easy
. payments. HEALY.& CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy vanches air kinds: send
. stamp for free llst.,C. R. Wlnfleld. PeUluma.
A WEEK'S news'for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in: wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
IlKAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB ¦ »AXJtt.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., V :
14 Montgomery st.
: - .-••'..,= ¦..: . ¦ ¦•-.-: REAL ESTATE.
$41,000 — Rents $245 50 per month; choice cor-
ner on -Fillmore st;-' improvements
.' • « consist . of stores and flats; C2:6 feet
' front; . ¦ • - - -:', ' - 1 - . '¦- " a" .
$21.000 — Kents $145 per month; a choice down-
town corner; improvements consist of
' - two 3-story and basement brick build-
ings; 37:6x80. ' . •- > "¦. -. 1"
$20,0C0— Rents ?150 per month; Hayes st, near
Octavia; building consists of store and
4 fiats; 25x120; 2 frontages.
$12.000 — Rents $9- per month; McAllister St.,
inside of Fillmore; good building con-
taining store and 2 flats; all in .good
order; 30xl37:tt. . v '
$10,500 — Rents $75 per month; choice corner on
, • Hyde st. ; 3 houses of 7 .rooms and
bath each and cottage of 4 rooms and
,; bath;,- always, rented .and In perfect.
order; 4Sx7U. ' .
$10,0C*r-Rents $97 r»u per month; ,Brouerick
• tt.. near Park;, 3 new ' bay-window
fists cf 0-7 rooms and. bath. each; 23x
100. . •¦ .- , L
$S,2. r >0 — Rents $S0 per month: Eddy et.. near
Lasuna; 2 flats of 0-8 rooms and
1 ¦" bath each;- brick foundation. etc,:
. ¦ • . • 25xlS7:0.
$8,2C0 — Rents $02 50 per month; Pine-st.
¦ corner, near. Fillmore; 2 modern flats
of 0-7 rooms and bath each- 27x3" :C
$8,100— Rents $70 per month; Ashbury st.">
near, Park; :5 new flats, bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.; steadily rented;
25xlOC:f. :
$7,5C0 — Rents $o5 per month, which can read-
ily be increased: Hyde st.;2 stores and
• flut; 31 feet front. . . \
. $7,500— Rents $70 per month; desirable cor-
ner in Mission: improvements consist
! of store and 4 flats; all in good Order
and steadily rented. - ._ -
$7,0C0— Rents ?t;2 EO which can be readily In-
creased : Foisom st., near Twelfth: a
good substantial 3-story building, con-
sisting of store and 2 flats, separate
entrances: this location Is rapidly Im-
proving and becoming desirable prop-
? ' erty. »" .-.
$0,000— Rents $55 per month: Thirteenth si..
close - to Duboce Park: A well-built
. flats; eteadily rented; 25x110.
$4, oO — Rents .?-i4 per month; near Folsom and
r Twelfth Ets.; 4 well-built flats of 5-4
rooms each; steadily rented. •
$4,500— Rents ?:S8 per month; Castro St.. 2
substantial bay-window flata of 5 and
0 rooms each' and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc. ; _T»xl00. :¦¦¦." ¦*
$4,5C0 — Haisht St.. near Baker; 2-story bay-
window residence or 8 rooms ana bath;
nicely elevated and commanding a fine
view; 25x120; this is a snap.
$3,500— Rents $26 per month, which are low;
Twenty-flfth st.: 2 desirable bay-win-
dow flats of 5-0 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation," etc- •
$3,250 — Near 'Sixteenth and Church sts.; a
substantial 2-story ' and basement
frame house of 0 rooms and bath;
\ stable In rear for 4 horses and drive-
way; brick foundation, etc.: this Is a
• bargain.. , . .
Call or send for our Real Estate Record,
containing a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. ¦ . . • •
Latest Pocket Maps of San Francisco, 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
• 14 Montgomery st:
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery St. Opp. Mills Bldg.
$25,000 — Downtown business property; a
stores and 2 upper floors; 34:6 feet frontaga;
best business block on street; speculators
chance. , -
{ $17,000— Bargain; downtown business prop-
erty; east of Jones St.; 2 stores and 2 flats
above handsome income; guaranteed future*
big snap. • _„ .. . -; ¦ .> • .
$15,000 — New, ¦ handsome northeast corner
flats; east of Larkin; 82:6 frontage; flooded
with sunshine; cheapest corner to be had
close in. . ¦ r ' ¦ ,
$14,500- ; -Handsome modern corner residence;
large north corner on California st."; 30 feet
frontage ; best residence block; 12 rooms and
bath: billiard room, etc.; immediate need for
money forces . the price to this low figure. -
$10.500— Pays 12 per cent; handsome Income
of $120G guaranteed; 3 new and handsome
Western Addition flats of 7 rooms and bath;
light and sunny rooms; bituminized St.: can
pass. . .
$10,000 — Pays 12 per cent; new. elegant
modern flats, 6, 6, 7 rooms and bath; always
rented; choice portion Western Addition;
handsome and attractive In appearance; rents
$1165. - :
$6500 — Park Panhandle 'residence: modern
house of 8 rooms and bath; billiard room, serv-
ant's room, etc.; surrounded by handsome res-
idences. • .
$5250 — 2 well built flats 5 and 0 rooms and
ba.th; good condition; choice part Western Ad-
dition; bituminized St.; 25x100: rents $540; El-
lis-st. cars one block.
$4000— Pays 15 per cent; key lot to Fifth
st.; 5 flats; always rented: "must ba sold this
week; rents $57(5; offer $3700, now pending. .
$2250— Rents $312; big snap In the Mission;
close to Sixteen th-st. cars; 2 flats and cottage;
bituminized street; cement walk.
. New modern home for your rent money: ma-
rine view; Hyde-st. cars; 3 rooms and bath;
$500 cash,, balance aa rent; interest 0 per cent.
$1000— Forced sale; fine level lot close to
Park Panhandle; must be sold this week;
bituminized; half block from Chutes.
NELSON, .JOHNSON & CO.,.
SOS Montgomery, at., opp. .Mills Building.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG. .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
C24 MARKET ST. •
$45,000 — Splendid NE. corner in Western Ad-
dition, consisting of 10 stores and flats; lot t>2:3
xlO8:ll feet; rents $360 per, month; modern
In every respect.
$28.000 — An elegant 17-room resldenco on the
NE, corner, close to Van Ness ave; and Ellis
st. ; size of lot 30x120 feet.
$26,000 — Mission 'tt.. near First; lot 22x100.
feet and building renting for $74 per month.
$21,000 — Lot and Improvements on Taylor st./
close to Geary; two l;:-room houses renting for
$120 per month; size of lot 40x105 . feet.
¦ $14,500 — Three elegant flats on Octavia St.,
near O'Farrell, containing 7 and S rooms anti-
bath each; rent $117 60 per -month; lot 25x
82:6 feet.
- $14,000 — Three modern flata on the west line
of Hyde st.. close to Geary, containing 7 rooms
and bath each; lot .5x87:6 feet; rents $105
per month. .
$13,000— Stockton St., near Lombard; three
2-story houses of 9 and 10 rooms and bath
each; lot 68:9x100' feet; rents $86 per month.
$10.000 — Three new flats on Broderlck St.,
near Hayes, containing' 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x100 feet; rents $97 50 per month.
$10,000 — Lot and Improvements on Third St..
near Bryant; lot 25x72 feet; rents $52 GO per
month. ' . -' .' - •' "
$7000— Modern residence on the east side of
Lyon sti, near Park Panhandle, containing 9
rooms and bath; rented at present for $52 per
month; lot 25x100 feet. - • •
$G000-r-Up to. date residence on Sacramento
ft., near Cherry,- containing 8 rooms and bath;
size of lot 25x117 feet; can be had on terms.'
$6000 — Sanchez St.. near Sixteenth; pair of
flats containing ,4 and 5 rooms and bath in
splendid condition; rents $40 50 per month;
lot 25x100 feet. . ' .
$4000 — Waller st., near Shrader; lot 50x100
feet. • ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' '¦' '•• • ¦ . .. ,
$21,000 — First-class Investment: pays over 7,
iper cent net; rent $152 50 per month; good 2-
story and basement brick Improvements; whole-
sale district, north of California st. ¦> .
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAO. 624 Market st. ;:.- - ' \= .•
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., -
¦ , .. - ; 20 Montgomery st.
$77,000 $77,000 — — — —$77,000
$77,000——--- $77,000"— . --$77,000
MASON STREET. ¦
• MASONS^EET. j
j Only One Block From Market Street. ¦
; 5 Only One Block From Market Street.
.' "65x68:9. .
¦ - . '• -;'¦'". ' ¦¦ 1 ' --¦' '¦
05x68:9. *. , , ' ¦.. ¦
Less Than 'One-Quarter the Price of Powell
.. ¦ street Property. ' ¦
$12,500' —Rent .$112 a. Month.
Large lot; two frontages; one block from
Van Ness, ave. ; well -Improved ,and never va-
• cant.. ' :
$7900 — — — '¦ — '• — Rent $69.
* Large lot; 35x107 ft.; near. Van Ness ave.
and Market st.; jsood improvements.- *. • .
$26oo. ;' ¦; "¦ ! '-'-¦ "¦ .'-. , ¦ . "' .
Dolores it.; lot 62x125; near 22d St.; half the
prica of lots In tha block; only $50 a foot. ¦;
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. '
.'.'..' . . ' ¦'¦¦'¦.. .'.20 Montgomery at.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM ;':.... REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery at., _ room 11.
Rents collected; full charge' taken of property
$_,500— Very cheap property plot 80x100; near
• : , . - Sixteenth and Mission : streets.
$18,500— Three : very stylish," new sunny\flats,
8 rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$3,900— Beautiful vtew.-NE. cor. Twentieth
and Colllngwood; 50x100;- flat» or res
$12,500— Three. stylish: new 7-room flats; Pago'
"4-- st.; near Baker; rents $120.
$6,850— Choice • Pacific Heights lot on ¦ Jack-
•. ¦ • • son st., "near Octavta; 40:6x127:8 ¦
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I sts.. near
- entrance Park music stand; cara pass property.
A E. BUCKINGHAM/ 26 Montgomery, room
¦ 11, Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave. . ..•
$"OR SALE—As a whole or In subdivisions, 60*
: vara lot," south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
: of Pierce.. Lot/, northeast corner Greenland
IPierce sts'< 103:6x137:8 feet. Inquire of
; CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery st. ' - - ¦_
HEAL , ESTATE— CITT — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
NEW PROPERTIES.
$2.350— Cheap building lot: suitable for flats;
• ¦ Scott St., near Ellis; a bargain.
$2,700— Price reduced from.-" $3000: owner
• • anxious to sell: cottage . of 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x110; Twentieth St.,
near Colllngwood.
$2,250— Rents '$17 per month: doubla cottage
; of 4 rooms each; lot 25x80; Bryant st.
$3,B0OV-San Jose ave. : cottage of 8 rooms and
. bath; lot 27x97; street work done.
$9,000— Income $72 per month; Yerba Buena
- 4 st., near Sacramento and Taylor; lot
4U:6x80; 4 flats of 0 rooms and
bath each.
$12,500— Scott St.: Income $102 50 per month:
lot 65x137:6; 2 separate dwellings and
2 flats; Improvements In good con-
dition.
$6,000 — Downtown inside property, on Larkin
St., with 2-story residence: lot 30x
187:8; just the place to build 3 swell
flats. 1
$7,000— Clayton st., not far from the park: 2
very choice, well-built flats; nothing
better on the market; lot 25x125: rents
- . $C30 a year; this is a very desirable
' - . purchase.
$12,000— Price reduced from $13,500;, prominent
northeast business corner on Halght
st.;. lot 25x100; store and rooms be-
' low; 2 sunny bay-window flats above;
rents $10S0 per annum; never vacant.
as rents are very low and can be
. easily Increased.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Y ,• . 10 Montgomery st.
EXCELS ANYTHING IN BUILDING SITES.
...See and Judge for yourself
...Your own terms; monthly Installments...
..Home lota In blocks fronting G. G. Park..
• 17th. • ISth. 19th and 20th aves.. H and I sts.
-.. Opposite Strawberry Hill and new park...
Entrance on H st. and '19th ave. boulevaril.
ELECTRIC CARS PASS THE PROPERTY
¦ Lots and streets on official grades, ready for
building .-
Gas and water Plank sidewalks
Welsbach street lamps
. . . Superior residences and Improvements . . .
Better class of property
Call at once at branch office, corner H st.
and Ninth ave. (open week days, Sundays and
holidays), south of Golden Gate Park; horse
and buggy at your disposal. .
: BALDWIN & HOWELL,
" ¦ ' ¦ ' '10 Montgomery st.
$2000— FINE lot for residence or flats; west
side Walnut «t, bet. Sacramento and Clay;
street bituminized; side sewer, water and gas
Into lot; 4 lines of cars In radius of 2 blocks.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
, 10 Montgomery st. ¦
115 LOTS.. ....,!... ..115 LOT3
AT THE POTRERO.
•> -Prices.
$250 and Upwards.
Monthly Payments If You Prefer.
Near Union and Risdon Iron Works — Tubba
Cordage- Factory — Sugar Refinery and lands
purchased by Santa Fe Railroad, located on
Twenty-third Missouri, Texas, Mississippi, In-
diana and Minnesota sts.
- Buy Before Prices Are Raised.
¦Take Third st. cars, get off at Kentucky and
Twenty-third sts. .
BALDWIN f: HOWELL,
. , 10 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG. ~' ''
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our complete printed list of prop-
erty for sale In ail sections of the city.
$7,500 — A good business location; corner: best
part of Devisadero st. ; lot 25x100; 2-'
story residence. 9 rooms and bath;
¦ should be raised and store put un-
derneath.
$8,750— Rent $85; Lyon st.; Park Panhandle
. district: 3-story building, containing :i
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
¦ all rented; lot 25x108:3%.
$12.000 — Rent $110; 3 handsome new flats, in-
side of Van Ness ave., containing 7
rooms and bath and all conveniences:
« , marble steps; lot 25x110; abundance
of light and sun.
$4,000— Bay-window cottage on Broderlck St.,
closa to California; contains 7 room-
and bath.
$7.000 — Rent $70 per month; 2 handsome flats
on Cola st.; Panhandle district; con-
tain 6 and 7 large sunny rooma and all
of tha house; dining-room is paneled;
all rooms prettily tinted; lot 30 feet
front.- • —-.--. - •- — . •
$1.250 — Two-story bay-window house; close to
Mlsslon-st. carhouse; contains 9
rooms; arranged for 2 families; also
•stable; lot has SO feet frontage; terms
S250 cash, balance $20 monthly; this
Is a cheap piece of property.
$9,750— Rent $9« 50; 3 new flats on Frederick
. st.. close to the Park; contains 6 and 7.
rooms and bath each; -lot 25x105; fine
Interest-paying property.
$5,50O--Paciflc st.. near Leavenwbrth; large
° lot. 45x62:6; Improvements, store and
flat: rents $40; could be Increased.
$3,000— Hill St.. near Valencia; lot 30x114; 2-
story house, 6 rooms and bath, laundry
and conservatory; terms $1250 cash,
balance. in monthly Installments; drive-
way and room for stable.
$10,750 — Rent $102 50; 3 handsome new flats, 7
rooms and bath each; all rented; lot
27, feet frontage, by good depth; Park
Panhandle district; this is an excep-
tionally good building, with marble
steps, rounded. bay-windows and kitch-
en In center; abundance of light and
sun. ¦"' ¦
$4,500 — Good investment; close to Golden- Gate
', ave. and Hyde St.; 2 flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath; rent $3U.
$12.500— Splendid corner investment In the pop-
ular Panhandle district; 4 fine sunny
flats; always rented; lot 52x104; por-
tion of lot vacant: rent $106.
$70,000— Rent $C000 per annum; leased to one
tenant; fine building; heated by steam;
lighted by electricity; light and sun-
ny: handsome front; splendid invest-
ment; nut far from Sutter and Hyde
sts. ; very large lot ; offer wanted.
$3,150 — $500 cash, balance $30 monthly; a
brand-new 2-story house, containing 0
' rooms and bath and finished base-
ment; all rooms handsomely decorated
and tinted; fine manteis; reversible
window sashes; lot 25x120: No. 1457
Ninth ave.. 2 'blocks south of the
Park. LTON & HOAG.
, .114 Montgomery st.
... ( - ¦ " ¦ -.*
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS'.
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
- . Our many sales prova it. -
$100 to $450— Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-egg for Investors; $3 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots: choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. nr. H st.
$400 to $S0O— Superb Richmond lots; $10
• monthly., , - . • .
$100 to $250— Level building lots', near Mls-
slon-st. cars; .50 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
. $1000. $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages;
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER."
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
HAWKS & SKELTON. >
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
. of Property. ,
$8000 — Scott St.. near Union; fine bay view;
modern. 8 rooms and attic; Scott st. Improving
fast from Pacific ave. northward.
$6250 — Octavia St.. near JUroad way: modern
house. 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood. "...,. - / - .
$11,500 — Geary st. Investment, near Octavta;
large lot; Improved: rented low; $936 per an-
num; lot worth the price; cholca location for
modern flats.
- $11.000 — New flata: Broderlck, near Grove; 8,
6, 7 rooms: rants $1175 per annum. °
$6000 — Valencia-st. Investment; two houses, 7
rooms each; rents $45 per' month; cheap.
$8500— Jessie st., south side, near 4th; could
ba Improved and rent well. . ¦;
$4000*-Lot north side Page St.. west of Ba-
ker; 30x137:6; overlooking Park; choice for
flats. ' ¦ ;¦'..,. , .. . ¦ -.
$3100 — Lot on south side of Chestnut St.; west
of Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$2400— Lot Fourth ave.. near Point Lobos; 50
xlzO; street sewered, macadamized; will di-
vide; -make offer. - ¦ ¦ . - -
HAWKS & SKELTON. 823 Montgomery st.
$9750 — 3 NEW flats; rents $97 60 per month.
$2860— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; east of
. Btanyan, south of Page st.
$3(JOO— Fine NE. cor lot on 21st- St.; per-
fectly level and ready for building. . .
-'¦¦¦< $1500— Turk St., nr. Central: 50x137:8.'
$10.000— A cheap block; P. I*, ave.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$S000— PINE st;. near Taylor; 8 rooms and
bath: tot 25x75. , ¦-•
Hill st., near Valencia; cheap; 12 rooms
and bath: lot 25x114. .
$4250— Lombard St.; 2 flats. 6 rooms and
¦ 'bath: lot 25x90. • \ ¦
$1200— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath.
$1000— Cottage, 19 Hattte st.; 4 rooms; lot
- 25x100. - . .
PATTERSON & CO.,: ,.
... . ¦ 11 City Hall square.
$7G00— FOR sale, business corner grocery with
' ft living rooms and stable;. 9-room fiat above.
J. P. FAIVRE, 2304 Fulton St. :
$15.000— DOWNTOWN Investment: pays $127
per month. . THE McCAKTHY CO., 646 Mar-
':. ketst^ ¦•.' . .'¦-;>-••::•¦ ;? , -- ' .-
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
J2ASTOX. ELDRIDGE "& CO..
63S Market st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Tuesday.... February 11th. 1902
At our salesroom. No. && Market St., at 12
o'clock noon.
THIR D- ST. CORNER.
Southeast corner (No. 401) Third st. and :
Harrison St.: store and flat. 6 rooms; rents $63
per month; lot 20x37 :t> feet.
• >> ALSO
Northeasterly side (Nos. 403-1C5) Third st.. 20
feet southeasterly from Harrison st. ; store and 1
flat. .7 rooms; rent $39 per month; lot &>x57:ti
feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI- »
DENCE.
North side (No. 2904) Bush st., SO feet west
of Lyon «t. : large, elegant, modern residence.
S rooms and bath, with 3 finished rooms In
basement: porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.;
lot 25x75 feet: terms, one-quarter cash, balanee
on flat loan at « per cent.
MODERN OAK-ST. RESIDENCE. '~>C j ;
North side (No. (CO) Oak at., 1)0:10 feet weat
of * Pierce at. : a handsome sunny house, \ >
rooms and bath, high basement, porcelain tub.
sanitary plumbing, etc.; lot 26x140:6; terms,
one-quarter cash, balance on flat loan at '6
per cent. * >'-.i <;\^
PACIFIC-AVE. MANSION. ;
South »ide (No. 2719) Pacific ave.. 142 feet
west or Scott «t.: larxe, elegant modern resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath: reception halis. in-:
laid floors, cedar closets, etc.; lot _7:6xl27:8Vt
feet; terms, ona-quarter cash, balance on flat
loan at <$ per cent. V. ; "
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.-
North side (No. 2530) Washington St., 4f
feet east of Stelner st.; an el.gant. attractivs
residence. 9 rooms and bath; sun and light in
every room; elegantly decorated: large lot. 44x
lZi:&\i feet.
LAKE VIEW HOME.
Northwest corner of De Montford and Jules
aves.: a modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath;
high basement, atatlonary tubs, etc.; one. blocks
from Mission st. cars: lot 112:6x150 feet:
terms, one-quarter cash, balance on Sat loan
at G xer cent.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. !
Northeast side (Nos. 243-245-247) Harriet St.,
225 feet southeast of Harrison St.: five flata.
3 rooms each. In good condition; renta $54 per
month: large lot. 00x75 feet.
FULTON-ST. CORNER.
Northeast corner Fulton st. and Parker ave.:
large, unimproved corner lot. level and ready
for building; McAUister-st. cars pass this
property; will be sold In subdivisions; lot 100:3
xl2S:10}_ feet. . ,.
RICHMOND LOT.
West line of Cook st.. 800 feet north, of:
Point Lobos ave.: a fine, level lot. ready for
building; street sewered, macadamized, eto.j
lot 25x120.
OCEAN VIEW HOME.
North aide (No. 206) Minerva St.. 65 feet
west of Capital st. ; a. well-built cottasr*. 4
rooms and bath; in good condition; lot 25x100
fe6t - ' ALSO
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital rty
a fine, level lot. ready for bulldlnjt: 63x100
feet: terms, one-cuarter cash, balance on Oat
loan at 6 per cent,
EASTON, EI-DRIDGB A CO..
633 Market st, ¦
EiSTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., !
EASTON *™^***& mmnm .
638 MARKET STREET.
638 MARKET STREET.
$14.000— Three new modern flats, 7 rooms and
bath, on the north side of Pag» st.,
near Buchanan; rents $1500 per an-
num; lot 27:8x120 to Lily ave.
$8 600 — Two new modern fiats, 6, T rooms an*
bath; north, side of Sutter St.. near
Fillmore: rents $90O per annum; lot
24:10x137:8 feet.
$11,500— Three flats. 6. 6. 7 rooms and bath;
. just completed; north side of Pags
st . near Golden Gata Park; lot 25x
137:8 feet: rents $1320 per annum.
„
$10 500 — Will be completed In a few days';
rents $1200 per annum; 3 sunny up-
to-date flats of 7 rooma and bath each;
near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x106.
$26 000 — Three modern fiats. 8, 8, 9 rooms and
bath; north of Market St.. only 3
blocks from Market and Powell; lot
25x137:6 feet.
$500 Cash, balance same- as rent— New
modern cottage. 6 rooms; porcelain
tub etc.; Just finished; up to data la
all details: best part of Ashbury
Heights; close to electric cara; $3000.
(XI 500 ICth St., between Mission, and Va-
lencia; 2 stores with living rooms and
house 12 rooms, 2 baths; rents $1130
per annum; lot 30x97:6 feet,
$6,500 — Frederick at., near Ashbury: house.
8 rooms, bath and hard-finished base-
ment; only 3 years old; lot 26:3x100
feet.
$5,000— Southwest corner of Jackson st.:
magnificent marine- view; 2 modern
flats. 6 rooms and bath each; lot
27:8^x95:3 feet.
$3,000 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 3
rooms could be finished In attic; hard-
wood floors: brick foundation: 4 years
old; Fourth ave., near Clement st/;
lot 25x120 feet. ,
•3 (XM) — Three new modern up-to-date flat*. 8,
5, 6 rooms and bath; rents $73 per
month; all rented; flats will be> com-
pleted in about 20 days; Folsom st.
$500 cash, balance same as rent— Cot-
tage, 10 rooms and bath; fine neigh-
borhood; Ashbury Heights; $2000.
$3,750— Four good flats, 3 rooms each; near
Tenth and Folsom sts.; rents $4S0 pet
annum; lot 25xS5 feet.
$3 100 — Modern cottage. 6 rooms and bath;
up to date in all details; rents $300
per annum: Eureka st.. near Eight-*
eenth; lot 25x125 feet.
$0,000 — Modern residence, 8 rooms and bath;
north side of Sacramento st., seas
> Stelner; lot 26x103..
$3,500— Three modern flats, 6, 7, 8 room* and
, bath: rents $960 per annum; Jackson
st., near Devisadero; lot 25x128:6 feet.
$3,500 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bata; S
years old; Twenty-second St., neap
Florida;. lot 50x100 feet.
$8,500 — Modern residence, 8 rooms and bath;
Webster St., near Clay.
$3.700 — Shotwell St.. near Twenty-fourth;
dwelling. 0 rooms and bath, and new
2-story barn; lot 68x100 alons worth
the money.-
$1,150— Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; Tenth
ave., near L st.: sewered and macad-
, amlzed; lot 25x120.
$6,750 — Modern residence, 0 rooms and bath:
north side of Waller it., near xrasonla
ave.; lot 25x100 feat.
$5,000 — Modern residence, 10 rooms; north
side of Clay St., near Webster; lot
27:6x104 feet.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$12,000— Sixth st., /.near Harrison; 60x163 to
Morris ave.; 4 flata in rear of lot;
rents $38.
$8,000 — West Una of Devisadero- st., near Ful-
ton: lot 55x137:6 feet.
$5.500 — Northwest corner Sacramento st. :
37:6x102:8%..
$4,500 — Fifth St., near Folsom; old lmprove-
ments; 23x100. . ¦-
$3,000— Make offer; northeast corner San Jose-
ave. and"Twenty-nlnth st.; lot 2$:8%x
117 feet.
$2.750— Page st., near Lyon; 25x100.
$2,500 — Seventh St., near Bryant: old im-
provements; 25x85.
$2,500 — Waller St., near Masonic ave.: 25x125
feet.
$1.800— Devisadero st., near Waller; 25x125
? feet.
$1,300 — Bryant st,. near Twenty-flfth; street
bituminizedr 27:8x100 feet .
$1,250 — North line of Twenty-second st., near
Florida; 25x104.
$950 — Golden Gate ave., near Masonic; 23-t
. 100.
$900— York st.. near Twenty-fifth; 27:8x100.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market.
HOME. SWEET HOME. -,V
There Is nothing like owning your own home.
Go out on Twenty-third and Alvarado sts.
and look at tha new 5-room cottages Just fin-
ished, then coma to the office and make ar-
rangements to buy one on tha same terms you
pay rent to the landlord.
JACOB HETMAN,
..- ¦' . 117 Sutter st
GOLDEN GATE— $100 park lots. $5 down ana
$1 monthly. JACOB. HEYMAN. 117 Batter st.
EUIHURST — $ZO beautiful Alvin tract lots,
level, fronting the railroad station, rich soil.
' fine climate. 15 minutes' ride to Oakland; $5
down and $3 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ .
FOR Rent — Two-story house on Forty-ninth
ave.. Ocean Beach. JACOB HEYMAN.: 11?
. Sutter st. . '
$lS00— NEW 6-room house opposite Valencia st.
terminus; .easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sattergt.
JOSEPH STRAUB. t ™
•850 Market st.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. .
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. ¦ .
For. Additional Classified Advertijc-
v merits See Page Thirty-eig-it.&HE SAN FRANCISCO ,; CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRtrABY 3,01902^
38
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ¦
GREAT BARGAINS in Alameda Real Estate.
Choice Property For Sale.
$450 — Fine lot; good location; cor. ; 60x150.
$650 — Lot 54x150, on principal ave.; a snap.
. $1000 — Fine cottage, 4 rooms and bath.
$1600 — A bargain; (J rms and b.; lot 25x136.
$1900 — 7-room cottage; lot 40x206; a bargain.
$2500 — Fine 6-room 2-story' house; large lot
$2500 — 7-room cottage; lot 50x150.
$2750 — Beautiful cottage, 6 r. & b. ; bargain.
$3250 — 8 rms & bath; lot 40x207; foreclosure.
$2600 — 5 rooms and. bath; lot 70x125. •
$5500 — Elegant- modern house, 8 rooms' and
bath; corner lot; ideal location.
Many other bargains throughout Alameda.
Houses built, rented and exchanged; easy
terms. - ¦
ALAMEDA LAND | COMPANY,
1500 Park st, Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings. i*J
Correspondence solicited. '.
$800— CORNER lot, 88x100.
$1200 — 0-room cottage; a bargain.
$1800— Modern 5-room cottage; only $300
down, balance $20 per month.
. $2000 — Fine modern up-to-date 5-room cot-
tage; a snap. • . ¦
$3500 — The 'finest 6-room cottage In Ala-
-meda; lot 60x150. '
$5500 — New modern 7-room house on a cor-
ner In the swellest locality. , •
If you want to rent, If you want to buy or
sell, borrow, or loan, .. see
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
NEW cottage. 6 rooms; lot 35x120: $2500.
New cottage. 6 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200;
terms; also lots In subdivisions; will build to
suit J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park at.
ONLY $1600 terms to suit, a fine cottage. 7
rooms and bath; lot 48 feet front. H. G.
MEHRTENS. 1020 Webster St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
nRRKELEYi REAL ESTATE.
$300 — FINE building lot 40x135; street sew-
ered; 3 blocks from school; a snap.
$275— Lots each 60x135; situate on the hill-
side; grand view; 3 blocks from street
cars; no hard hills to climb; anly a few
left; come soon and secure a bargain.
$650 — Lot 40x135; street work done; Vi block
from N. Berkeley station; worth $1000.
$1400— Lot DOxl25; In the Scenlo Tract, near
college ; faces south.
$2600— 2 lots, each 60x126; adjoining; street
work all done; situate near the univer-
sity. - '2 ¦¦'¦
$1000— Here Is a bargain; house, 9 rooms; In
first-rate condition; lot 70x125; street
work all done; near college; faces south;
cost $5000; call and see us.
MAT & MORTIMER, 2123 Center Bt.,
¦ Berkeley, Cal. .
GENUINE BARGAINS.
$4000 — Income property, consisting of one 2-
story and three 1-story modern cottages; street
work done; three blocks to railroad depot; orig-
inally cost $7000." ¦¦ ' .
$2500 — Modern two-story cottage of 6 rooms,
laundry and billiard room; lot 125x100, with
lawn, flowers, etc.; sunny side.
$2000 — Large two-story house, with store; lot
50x125; good location; near depot.
$2000 — Modern 5-room cottage; high base-
ment: lot 80x135; large two-story barn, etc.;
one block to Grove st cars; one block to Ade-
Ilne-Bt station. Berkeley; this property must
be cold at once.
Write me for list of Improved properties,
ranging In price from $500 to $7000; good build-
ing lots from $125 up; houses built to order;
money loaned.
D. A. WENTWORTH, West Berkeley.
GREAT snap; less than cost improvements —
18-room residence, 1918 University ave.; right
party can make $100 to $200 per month
boarding and lodging students; Investigate
immediately.. Owner, 730 Pacific ave., Ala-
meda; phone Union 302.
$4750 — JUST built; 2437 Warring, north D wight,
close University; handsome rooms; bath;"
beautifully finished: gas; electricity: side-
board; bookcases built In; marine view.
ONLY $2000— Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot
on the sunny side of street; street work all
done; a- positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
BON, real estate. Berkeley station.
$3500 — $1000; NEW 8-room house; 10 minutes'
walk to university, 10 minutes' walk to lo-
cal; send for "Homes." WM. P. TODD, 1070
Broadway, Oakland, or 630 Market St., S. F.
$5000 — SUNNY house, 12 rooms, stable; near
university. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411
Montgomery st. .
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
903 Broadway, Oakland.
THREE NEW HOUSES,
THREE NEW HOUSES,
NEARLY COMPLETED.
Within 10 minutes', walk of City Hall.
Beautiful two-story 7-room houses; large re-
ception hall; large cloets; cement basement;
three bedrooms; large bathroom; every modern
convenience; high lots, facing the east; every
room In these houses gets the sun.
Prices range from $3750 to $4000; easy terms.
$5500 — Finest buy In Oakland: on 13th st,
between Madison and Oak; large two-story
house of D rooms; all modern Improvements;
lot 50x100; house could not be built for $5000;
lot worth $4000; bank tale; rents for $57 50
per month.
$2750 — On east side of Oak st, BO feet south
of 12th: a fine 60x100 foot lot and a stable
(never used) that cost $2200 and could easily
be turned into a house; no other lot on Oak et
for less than $70 per foot.
$1900-^-A modern six-room cottage on north
elde of 84th st, between West and Market
sts-; lot 50x120; big bargain.
$1000 — NW. corner East 11th st. and 2d
ave., 40x100; street work all done; 10 minutes'
walk to Broadway and 5 minutes to Clintoi
station; will build a house to suit you on this
lot and sell on easy terms If desired. .
$12,500— Bank sale of an elegant Madison-st
home that cost over $25,000; comer- lot, 150x
100; house all modern and In A No. 1 condi-
tion; 10 rooms; this Is the greatest bargain
ever offered east of Broadway, which Is the
finest residence section of Oakland.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
903 Broadway. Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3200---Pretty, colonial btyle, new modern
house of 7 large rooms Oust completed);
curly redwood finish; open plumbing; porce-
lain bath tub and sink; stationary wash
tubs; house beautifully tinted; lot 40 feet
front; above the street grade; nice sloping
lawn; street work all done and stone walks
laid; tenant ready to take possession at $3G0
per year; small family and responsible party
this is a very desirable home and an excel-
lent investment
' . $2750— Two cottages 4 and 0 rooms; brick
foundation; within easy walking distance of
center of town; bringing rent of $27 per
month; fine location;. lot 65x150 feet, running
from one street to another; fine barn, fruit
trees, chicken houses; must be sold at once-
reduced from $3500. '
$30 per foot; a bargain; lot 71:8x100 feet-
elegant corner for flats; all street work done*
fine residence neighborhood; short' distance
from depot; surrounding property held at $50
to $60 per foot.
$2650— Elegant 7-roomed. modern cottage
with bathr high basement with 4 rooms fin-'
lshed; within block and a half from local
6tation; fine lawn; sunny side; original cost
$3500; good as new.
*? 6 2 0 Td >6O / ) . ca ,? h .;.£ oz>r cottage 'of 6 rooms
and bath* lot 80x130 feet; situate on west
:. side: of Chestnut st, near Fourteenth: bank
mortgage of $2000 can remain. -
E. J. STEWART & CO., J
' 1008 'Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
y 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
'Seven new modern, cozy, complete homes
of 6, 6, 7 and 8 rooms each, with latest style
; plumbing, tinting, etc. all pretty and com-
plete; lots 40 feet front (or more if desired)
with elevated- sloping lawns; stone walks
'and street work complete; terms, $250 down
and monthly payments of $25 and upward •
located on. Merrlmac (or -Twenty-eighth)
Btreet. between Telegraph ave. and Grove if
handy. to school, churches and electric cars
and. ¦Within walking distance of town; take
Telegraph ave. or Grove st. electric car
. direct to the . property; salesman on the
ground to-day from 12 m. to 4 p. m. -
. Look this up TO-DAY, or write to
E. J. STEWART & CO.. .
1008 Broadway, Oakland. . :
$2500 — NEW home; 10 minutes' walk, to local.
$3500 — New. home; 10 minutes' walk to local.
$4000 — New home: 10 minutes', walk to local.
-. Terms to suit Send for "Homes." ¦ „ ' • ¦
1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 630 Market, S.F.
S. P. , MEADS, Oakland li real estate. 7" 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st |-
H.EAX. ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE * CO., • :
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 'Montgomery Bt
$21.000— Larkin et, near City Hall; lot 50x87 :«
ft; cheap.
$1250— San Jose ave., bet 29th and 80th Bts.;
lot 25x100 ft: San Mateo electric cars
pass; etreet work all. done; close to
Miselon-Et car house.
120,000 — Eddy et. north line, neex Taylor; two-
Btory house of 12 rooms and bath;
rents ?75; lot 25x137:6 ft
E25.000— Fremont et. near Howard; water lot
45:10x137:0 ft -
$23.000 — Pacific ave.. north line, near Octa-
vla: residence 14 rooms and two baths;
marine view; cannot be taken away;
lot S5xlS3 ft
17750— Flllmore et, near Sacramento; trans-
fer point; two-story house of 8 rooms
and bath; rents $50; lot 25x90:6 ft
H2.000— Polk-Bt. corner with Improvements;
•tore, flats and two houses; rents $73;
lot 47:6x100 feet
$7500 —^Leavenworth Bt.; near Broadway; four
2-story houses In good condition; rents
$54; lot S0x60 feet.
fSOOO— Octavia et, near Golden Gate ave. : fine
house, 8 rooms ; extra lot 50x107:6 ft
$4500— Green 6t. north line, near Devlsadero;
34x137:6 feet; a choice bargain; ma-
rine view.
$3000 — The cheapest and best building lot In
the Western Addition: north side Clay
6t, near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet.
?6000— Sacramento Bt.. near Steiner; a bar-
gain; bay-window residence 8 rooms
and bath; sunny side; lot 25x128 feet
$12,500— Income property: close to water front;
rents $97 50; pays S per cent net
$6000 — Callfornla-st, residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents SSO; tenant pays
water; lot 24xioo feet.
10250— Northwest corner Sacramento et;
fiats 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
, latest in every way; lot 87:6x57 feet;
rents $75.
$2000 each — Capp St.. near Sixteenth; 2 lots,
25x105 feet each.
$12.600 — Grove et.. near Larkin* lot 30x120. with
fine building of etore and 2 upper
floors; rents |45; one block from City
Hall.
f 11,500 — Post Et, sunny elde, near Larkin; su'u-
•tantlal 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to reat
street. '
J2950 — ICo. S649 Twenty-first st, near Church:
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot 60 feet front by 114
feet; grand view of the city; a positive
bargain: must be sold.
$6000— Devisadero-st fiats, near Ellis; present
rents $40; could be largely increased If
a little. money was epent on the build-
ing:; lot 2Sx90 feet; lot alon* worth
price &eked Tor the rropertjr.
Get a copy of our printed list of pi-operUe*
for t ale.
6HATNTTALD. BUCEBED & CO..
218-20 Montgomery Bt_, Mills bldg-.
McAFEE BROS., 10S MONTGOMERY ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
In the Panhandle; two new flats, just being
finished; well located; rent *70; price $6750.
STOCKTON STREET.
Brick and frame building; lot 25x125 feet;
rented tor *37 60; price. $6250.
DEVISADERO STREET.
Business property; two stores and flats above;
rents $112; lot 50x100: price $17,500.
WALLER-STREET HOME.
Near Scott et; two-story and basement; 7
rooms and bath- lot 30x110; price ?."t > . r .O.
MCALLISTER STREET.
Lot on McAllister »t.. near Devisadero;
27:6x137:6; price S3250; fine for flats.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Lot with old building on Shipley st, near
Fifth; only 51450.
ON VALLEJO STREET.
Vallejo st.. between Webeter and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new; » rooms,
bath a*ad basement: commands a beautiful
marine view; price ?i:J.5OO.
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott st. between ilcAl'ister and
Fulton; 25x106:3; price $'-'75O.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Bend for our plats of Richmond lots: sold on
terms If desired. Lot on Calilornla et.. near
Second ave., 23x100; only $SWi.
LOTS OX S1XVH AVENUE.
North of Lake st, 25x120; $600 each.
MODERN HOUSE.
Near the new Chutes, on Eighth ave.; lot
26:2x120; rrice S1000.
VALLEJO-STREET LOT.
On Vallejo St.. near Baker; marine view; lot
69:10x137:6; a bargain: price only $&>00.
FINE FOR FLATS.
Looking Into the Park Panhandle; a fine lot
on Fell St., 25x137:6; price $3750.
VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth st.. between Church
and Sanchez; eunny tide; 25x114 each; only
$SUO each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
House of 10 rooms: on Green st., near Octa-
via: lot 26x137:6; rented for $35 monthly; price
*i000.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 4 and 5 rooms; on Twenty- first
«t; lot 25x100; rents $28; price $3300.
CAPP ST..
Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; lot 50x122:6; price $4000; offer
wanted.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots. McAFEE BROS..
¦ 108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. •
YON BHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
27:6x137:6 — N line Turk, near Taylor.
$12,500— McAllister, near Goush; 27:0x120 to
rear etreet; 3 flats; rents $02.
$8500 — Noe, near Seventeenth: 50x95; 4 flats;
rents Sf72 50.
$S25& — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 flats;
rents $67.
$0750 — Green, nr. Dusont: 20xl"7:6: new 8-
etory building and rear house; rents $66.
$5000 — Union place, near Green st; 20x5S:9;
2 houses; rent $41.
Jf.5000 — Leavenworth. near Union; 23x112:6;
S new flats; rent $49.
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento: flats; rents
$41 50.
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31.
$4250 — Fell, near Devlsadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000 — Sansome, nr. Green: #83: 6x137: 6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
137 :e.
$9500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55xSl:3.
$8000— Green, near Polk; 80x115.
£.'.100 — Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10x137:0.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust: 37:6x
102:614.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st; 200x
120.
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert sts.; 25x70.
*T.5OO — Fulton st, near Flllmore: 32:6x137:0.
Point Lobes, near 22d ave.; 53:4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100. .
$3000 — Clay, near Lyon: 27:6x100; key lot.
$2150 — Union eu. near Webster; 34:4%xl37:6.
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:Sxll4.
$1250 each— Polk et, near Chestnut; 3 lota,
27:6x87:6.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents,
112 Montgomery Bt t
$50,000 — Second et. ; large corner; close to Mar-
ket et; situated In the wholesale dis-
trict center.
$25.000 — Franklin, near Market et: 105 feet
front, fully Improved; must be sold to
«ati«=fy legacies.
$18,500— Ellis Et, near Gough; 3 new finely
constructed flats, all the latest modera
Improvements; fine Income; lot 27:Cx~"
137:6.
$16,000 — Corner lot 6S:4xl37:C: marine view;
Scott s-. *. fine residence location.
$13,500 — Vallejo and Flllmore sts.; corner lot
40x137:6; grand unobstructed marine
view. r
$13,500 — E<ldy st: large residence; between
Franklin and Gough sts.; lot 37:6x120
to rear street *
$12,000 — OTarrell-st. residence; near Gough;
12 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120.
$10.000— e8:9xl37:fi: Vallejo st. between Pow-
ell and Mason sts.; make an offer;
must be sold.
f1),000r-CallfornIa-t=t. residence, near Larkin
et.: 9 rooms and bath; lot 25xS7:«.
$6,000— Flllmore Ft. ; new 8-room cottaee; lot '
S7:6 feet fro-it; marine view.
$2,750—2 flats; Cth ave., near Fulton et.: lot
- 25x120.
A. J. RICH & CO..
¦ . 112 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE TRACT. ~ " ;
' , _ POINT RICHMOND. :
Terminus of Great Santa Fe Railroad.
Where Ship and Rail Meet
Where hundreds of men are now employed
In railroad chops. «tc
The coming manufacturing city of the Pacific
Coast • •
Where the STANDARD OIL CO. Is erecting
refining plants at a cost of millions.
Where J. Plerpont Morgan has .made im-
mense purchases for a great steel plant
Lots all leveL Streets graded.
• $125 up. $10 cash. $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery ef .
IF you can't buy a house and lot start In with
a lot; later on I will build for you; $5 &
month eecures you a lot with street work
done; 1 block from electric cars.
_<35p each, with street work done— 2 level
i W JS?^ l0^?J * 3 moati ily: close to Mission
and 20th; will advance money to build on
them. .
¦ . Ia8t onft of th08 « leve l Foisom-st lots
for $10 a month; cement sidewalks laid; cars
¦ OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
A SNAP — Cottage. 4 rooms: $1050; terms same
as paying rent Apply £E. corner Alabama
and Montcalm sts.
A SNAP — Cottage. 5 rooms; modern Improve-
ments; $1550; terms came as paying rent
Apply at cottage. 11 Arlington st .
BOOMS TO LET— Furn. and Cnfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant
. eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
, . by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK ' House. 148 ' Sixth— Rooms."
28c to (1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per. week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.- |
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
•¦' nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727 — Sunny., furnished - room for gentle-
.-.. man; gas; bath. :
CLAY, 1243— A Xrcnt furnished room; private
family. • •
EDDT, 824 — An elegant ¦ parlor suite In de-
sirable . locality; . also other rooms.
••EDINBURGH," 239 Powell st, cor. Geary —
" Location most central; large, well-furnished
suites and single; ' front rooms as offices;
. modern Improvements, electric : lights, etc. :
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
85c, $1 60 night: n 60. $6 wk.; open all night
ELLIS, 324 — Newly furnished sunny front
I suite; also single; with or wtthout board.
ELLIS. 418 (The Plerpont)— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water;. private baths. . .-.
FOI.SOM. 820. near Fourth — Furnished rooms
to let, -$1 p*?r week. •¦ .
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny rooms with closet and
bath. - ; . -.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient: baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hot-ii. Tth and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet; orderly
home at moderate charges; sult,slnsle;elevat.
HOWARD. 72S. near Third— Sunny room, |6
per month.
KEARNY. 34, and .47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or Eingle.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome • suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
. bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1322 — A small back furnished bed-
room, $3 month.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Single sunny
front room; private family; $1 25 per week.
NATOMA, 217, near Third— Furnished rooms,
single and double; one front room.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 405— Two large unfurnished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PINE and Leavenworth — Sunny suite, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; board optional; pri-
vate; gas, bath, - phone; reference. Box
3467, Call office. -
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading- room,' smoking-room and ladles* par-
lorr rooms, per night. 35c to ?1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. 603 — Two parlors, single or en suite;
running water; reasonable. . .
POLK, 1002 — Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe.
SEVENTH. '28 — Sunny furnished rooms, single
and suites. $6. $8. $12, $15: tel. ; bath.
SEVENTH, 171 — Corner house; sunny furnish-
ed rooms to let; single or double.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth it,
near Market-rFurnlshed or unfurnished.
SHOT WELL, 1111—5 or 6 rooms; hot air heat-
er; piano. Call after 1 p. m. Sunday.
SIXTH. 240V4 — Large front suite, light house-
keeping; nice slnglerooms; running water.
STEAM HEAT and all modern convenienoeB at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. "
STOCKTON. 332 — Nlce-sunny suites and single
ro6ms; bath; phone.' : j
TURK, 543—^Lartre front room: open or folding
bed; grate," gas and bath; reasonable.
WEBSTER, 1348. near O'Farrell— Sunny bay-
window suite, nicely furnished, with bath
and running water; rent reasonable; adults.
Yerba Buena. 25. nr. Taylor & Sacramento—
Large fur, rm. ; nice location; rent moderate.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
GUESTS wanted at House-on-the-HiU; high,
healthy living; 40-acre flower farm; magnifi-
cent view: superb climate; ideal place for
rest and comfort. Upper Fruitvale, Dimond,
Cal. ¦
PLEASANT rooms and good board for a few
more people at 2240 Shattuck ave., corner
Bancroft way, Berkeley; large grounds; ten-
nls -court. | -'
MEREDITH. 218 Turk; sunny front rooms:
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone Scuth S29.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
st; conservatories.
CROCKER, The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. 316 — -Sunny room, elegantly furnished,
for refined couple or two young men.
MISSION, 827 — Newly furnished rooms and
board; private family: at low rate.
NIARA. 615 Taylor— Sunny front* and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)-^Select
. family hotel; exceptional table: popular rates.
Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy-fDouble & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table: low rates.
ROOMS AND DOARP WANTED.
GENTLEMAN desires lodging, with breakfast,
north of Ellis and east of Octavla; room must
have morning sun and conveniences; private
family preferred; permanent If suited. Ad-
dress. with full particulars, box 3363. Call.
TO exchange, by lady employed, bicycle and
china ware for board & room. Box 3389, Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG gentleman wants' small room near Van
Ness ave. and Ellis st. Box 3370. Call office.
RUPTURE SANiTAKroM.
RUPTURE CURE — TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
. Market st.. rooms 5 and 6; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AMERICAN CRUDE OIL BURNER CO.— Dis-
places other burners and Installs In San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
7% per cent saving In oil. Send for cata-
logue and Treatise on Oil Burning. Address
j works, 226 Fremont st. '.'.-'•
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or I country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. C5.S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. TeJ. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ana Moving Co.,
( office Post and Powell, sts.; ¦ tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st;
- tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
; -slonst: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving . Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
¦ TYPEWRITERS' AND SUPPLIES.
G^ET^TniARGAlN^IEN^YP^WRrT^RT-^WB
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53G California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
¦ . typewriter doctors : estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ;
DIVIDEND NOTICE— -The Giant Powder Com-
. pany. Con. — A dividend, . No. 38. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
: payable at office of company, rooms 202, 204.
' : 206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1902. 1 Transfer books close Feb. 3,
': 1902.. at noon. -A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
. , ¦ ... PROPOSALS.
$40,000^-TOWN of Lompoc. Cal., water works
bonds — G. W. Meals, Clerk of the town of
- Lompoc, will receive until February 10, 1002,
•'- at' 6 o'clock p. m., sealed ' proposals for
,- $40,000 4%. per cent 1 to 40 year Serial U. S.
' gold water works bonds ot this town. Interest
payable seml-annually, to bear interest from
' Issuance. - Denomination $500 each, . payable
. twoeach year; payable at Town Treasurer's
office. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on some ' national bank in California
for the sum of $2500, said- check payable to
the order of the town of Lompoc and to be
¦ addressed to and ¦ deposited with -the Town
Clerk of said town, or. In lieu of said check,
cash gold ' coin in said amount may be
deposited « with the Town . Treasurer of ¦ said
r • town and' his. receipt therefor rhall accom-
¦ pany : said ". bid ; each bid 1 to be '. Inclosed In a
•sealed -envelope Indorsed "Proposition for
; Water 1 Works Bonds of ; the Town of Lom-
' poc,'.7 and to be addressed to and deposited
. * with I the Town Clerk H of said town. , The
. Board I of Trustees of said town reserves the
right » to ' reject any or ¦ all ' proposals or . bids
'for said bonds or to waive any informality in
any bid. as the ' interests of said town may
..require. > Resolution' and .<: information fur-
. nished on application. O.W., MEALS, Town
¦ Clerk. ; ; : . • ;> r«a»jfeagKL,
PROPERTY-OWNERS A CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the I Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect It 60c a .foot up:
expert in curing smoking or faulty flue»;
chimney tops.- all descriptions, erected; con-
•tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations: estimates free.
J. SMITH, 2933 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Thomas. E. Tobln, 25. Boston. Mass., and
Jessie Woodward. 23. Boston, Mass.
Fred J. Nobles, 28, 2S23 Sixteenth street, and
Mary E. Gibson, 25, 60S Capp street
Fred Williams, 22. 31 Oak street, and Marie
F, Cutler, 18, Boston, Mass.
Carl H. Schlotter. 26, 1037 Minna street, and
Emma Gehring , 26, i Sacramento.
De Lancey Cleveland Jr., 32. New York City,
and Alice M. Boyson. 28, 1115 Van Ness ave.
William H. Brook. 27. Olema, and Annie E.
Pedrottl. 25, Olema.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BECK— In this city. January 26. 1002. to the
wife of J. V. Beck, a daughter.
BYINGTON— In this city, January 27, 1902,
to the wife of F. J. Bylngton, a daughter.
CARROLL— In this city, January 21. 1902. to
the wife of John J. Carroll, a daughter.
HAGEDORN — In this city. January 26. 1902.
to the wlfo of H. H. Hagedora, a ion.
HARNEY— In this city, January 24. 1002. to
the wife of Thomas F. Harney, a daughter.
UCHTENFELD— In this city. February 1.
l»02. to the wife of H. Llchtenfeld (nee
Rosenbaum), a «on.
LUTTRINGER— In this city. January 27. 1902.
to the wife of Charles M. Luttrlnger. a
daughter.'
SCHULZ— la this city, January 17, 1302, to
the wife of Henry Schulz, a son.
SMITH— In this city, January 80. 1902. to thn
wife ot Henry C Smith, a son.
?? ALE J~ In th!s clt y_- January 30. 1902, to
the wife of William F. Whaley, a daughter.
MABBIED. % "
GI i^ E^ T T*?' < l LFF - Ia thla clt y* February L
J2 W '™ 7 * U i? Rev « Dr ' B - Nelander. pastor of
tho First English Lutheran Church. Samuel
xb iS . ei 2 of San *>ancisco and Edith
Wolff of Sacramento, Cal.
LAWRENCE— BLUM— In Reno. Nev.. Febru-
?£ ' v f nnit Lawrence and Irene E.
Blum, both of Ban Francisco.
0^ 0 - 10 this city. February
1. 1902. by the Re V . Father Wyman Eugaa ;
Sweeney and Margaret Magee. both of San
r ranclsoo.
~~~~' DIED. "
Allen, Hattle A. Huffam, Walter
Andrade, Florlta Johnson. Amanda C.
Caldwell. Wm. J. . Kelly. Mrs. Winifred
Crawford. Sophia F. McCormack. James
Creighton. Peter Meier, Teresa
Cruise. John S. Mone. John J.
Day. Elizabeth Moore. George W
Devlin. Frank Murphy. Brld-ret
Dwyer, Lawrence J. Nlblock, Georse J.
Edgerton. Mrs. F. B. Parker. Mrs. Isabella
Flood. Bridget Pratt. Alice
Ford. Susan Rlppich, Frederick"
Grossman, Marks Shea. Mrs Mary
Guillermet, F. P. Skur, Mary '¦
Gulliver. Harriet Silbersteln. Jullua
Hagedorn, Edna K. Stackhouse, Eliza
Hagertyf Mary A. Thornhlll. Ann
Henderson, Thos. N. Underwood, Madelaln
' Hoffman, Harold J. Welch, Kate
Hood, Edward E. Wiseman, John J.
ALLEN— In Oakland, January 3L 1902. Hattle
A., daughter of Louisa G. and the late T.
H. Allen of Fruitvale, a native of New
York, ased 40 years.
ANDRADE— In this city, January 81, 1902.
Florita Andrade, a native of Spain, aged 00
years.
CALDWELL— In this city, January 81, 1902.
William J.. beloved son of Robert C. and
Annie Caldweli, and brother of George P.
Caldwell, a. native of Chlcat-o. I1L, aged *28
years 6 months and 14 days.
(£7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1284 Eddy street, thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery for cremation.
CRAWFORD— In Oakland. January 31. 1902.
Sophia F., beloved wife of E. M. Crawford,
eister of D. H. McEntyre, and aunt of
Beatrice Van Denburgh, a native of Morris-
town, New York.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon, February 2, at 2 o'clock,
at her late residence, 5615 San Pablo ave-
nue. Oakland. Interment private.
CREIGHTON— In this city. February 1. 1902.
Peter Creighton, a native of Ireland, aged
62 years. ,- ..-." ;.
CRUISE— In this city. January 29. 1902. John
S. Cruise, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years
7 months and! 21 days.
DAY — In this city, January 31." 1902. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late William H. Day,
and mother of Mrs. William Stockfleth, Wil-
liam H. and Jennie Fanjoy and the late Mrs.
C. Young and Mrs. O. Anselm. a native of
St John. N. B., aged 71 years 6 months and
20 days. (St John, N. B., papers please
copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 3, 1902, at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence. 274 Valencia street, thence
by' electric funeral car from corner Four-
teenth and Valencia streets at 11:30 o'clock
to Mount Olivet Cemetery for interment
DEVLIN — In this city, January 00, 1902.
Frank Devlin, beloved brother of Edward
' Devlin, a native of Ireland, aged 31 years 7
J months and 1 day. A member of the Gas-
fitters' Association of San Francisco.
E7"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Etreet. thence to St. Teresa's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro-sa
Cemetery.
PLUMBERS' Gas and Steam Fitters' P. and
B. Society — Brothers: You are earnestly re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Frank Devlin, from the Darlorn of
the United Undertakers, Fifth street at 8:45
o'clock, Sunday, February 2. By order of
THOMAS FARRELL, President
W.* J. KILDAY, Secretary.
DWYER — In this city, February 1. 1902, Law-
rence J.. beloved husband of . Alice M.
Dwyer, father of Lawrence J. Jr. and Mar-
guerite Dwyer, and brother of Annie F. and
Elizabeth M. Dwyer, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 43 years.
CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
EDGERTON— In this city. January 81, 1902.
Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton. daughter of Mrs.
Smith Brown, and sister of Mrs. Homer 8.
King and Dana W. Brown.
• lE^Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
2:30 o'clock, at St. Luke's" Church. Inter-
ment at Nar>a, Cal.
FLOOD — In this city, January 81. 1902, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Hugh Flood,
aunt of John R. Kelly, Mrs. M. Rodgers and
Michael Conroy. and sister of the late Mary
• and John Kelly, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 72 years.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 272 - Tenth street, thence to St Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
- Cross Cemetery.
FORD — In this city, January 31. 1902, Susan,
beloved wlfo of the late William Ford, and
mother of William J. Ford, Mrs. E. Baker,
Mrs. J. Lang, Mrs. H. Brodie. Mrs. G. O.
Luce, Mrs. A. Sparrow and Josle Ford, a na-
tive of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 61
years 7 months and 13 days.
E7Fr!ends and acaualntances are respect-
fully* invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from her late residence. 416
Valencia street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GROSSMAN— In Los Angeles, January 28
\ 100'J, Marks Grossman, beloved husband of
the lnte Eva Grossman, and father of Mor-
ris M.. Jacob E., Dr. M. E. and Aaron E
"'" Grossman, a native of Poland, aged 71 years
• ' and 10 months.
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
•„ Sunday. February 2. at 2 o'clock, -at • the
B'nai B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy street under
the auspices of Norman Lodge. . K. of H
". Interment Hills of Eternity . Cemetery, by
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mg?.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ElIBALMEHS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln SchooL-*
Telephone South &0.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
, eAN BRUNO HILL8.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
1NEW F*IKi*l ur t-i>Drii<T AK^R^^^I
Samuel McFadden. IS years manager 'for
the United Undertakers' . Association* M J
'McBrearty. -with thet>ame company for li
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
,nor & Co., have opened new. Funeral Par-
•lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
1 UNITED^UNDERTAKERS.!
.1 27 t.n<t 29 Fifth St. Tel. South W* 1
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM8ALMER1 J
REMOVED!
mcGlNN BROS.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
;ERS, to 224 and 226 McAllister st (For-
merlyjyfl31 K<1dv nt. TM. South 252.)
'OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.;
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.___;
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
.„„„ Of flees 4«0 and 402 Eighth St.. ' Oakland.
1 $22,000 — Palatial home, grandly situated pos-
sessing advantages of near remoteness and ac-
cessible seclusion; only one year constructed. W
$20,000— Completely furnished; magnificent
stately mansion constructed and furnished less
than 2 years; absolutely everything goes on ac-
count of departure. -
$12,500 — Cost $25,000; fine suburban home, 10
rooms, modern and complete between Oakland
and Berkeley; 5 acres choice fruit and shrubs;
land alone worth more and has fine future.
$10, 000— Linda Vista ; corner 12-room resi-
dence; one of the choicest in this magnificent,
locality. ¦ -mi ¦.-..., . / : ¦
$5500 — Vernon Heights; choicest locality: 8
rooms; French plate glass front; extra Interior
finish; etable. * . ' .
A sacrifice on 2 new 8-room choice : modern
homes; central location; each has flat loan of
?3000 and $3600; no reasonable offer refused for
equity If sold at once; see us; will arrange
terms. • :
1 $7000 — Lovely Linda Vista terrace home, 8
rooms; elegant interior; stable; 60x125; situ-
ation unexcelled; specially constructed by pres-
ent owner for a home; if you want something
choice see this. ' .....
$5500— Adeline station; extra bargain; a sac-
rifice for quick sale; fine 2-story « home, 12
rooms; furnace; bis lot; sunny location. ¦'..,}•.
$4000 — Mortgaged $;n 00; must sell; 8th at.
and Adeline station; 2-story 0-room; 50 ft. lor;
porcelain bath; rents $30.
$1100 — McClure Heights, Twenty-eighth and
Telegraph; up-to-date 8 rooms; latest architec-
ture; affording a view equal' to Piedmont.
$3500— Telegraph ave. and 27th st; 2-story
colonial,' 9 rooms; porcelain bathr French plate
glass windows; two mantels; barn; lot 40x150;
al J-ays rented $25 month. -
$3500 — 3 acres; Estudlllo station, near San
Leandro; -. 6-room cottaue barn. ¦ windmill; all
In fruit, h-ii . ¦ ¦ ;- ¦' '¦ <*.:-
. $2S50 — Fronts Adeline st., close in; 2-story,
8 rooms; bath; lot 35x125; cheap.
$3150— Mortgage $2500; If sold by February
1; neat, large 5-room cottage; elegant lot, 48x
115; near Sixteenth and Filbert sts.
$4500 — Elegant new colonial home, 9 rooms,
porcelain bath; open nickel plumbing, electric
lights; $150 combination fixtures; open fireplace;
fine barn; lot f>0xl20; rents $35; fine homes ad-
Joining; near Grove st.
$4000— Up to date 0-room residence; sunny
corner; Grove st.: rents $35.
$25<X> — Modern home, 7 rooms: extra finish
curled redwood; nice mantel; lot 33x120; Grove
arid Thirty-fifth sts.; easy terms.
$250 cash — Near and Tele-
graph; new* up to date 0-room; 40-foot lot;
price only $2S50. -
$1850— Flat mortgage $1400; neat cottage;
bay-window; 5 rooms; near Clinton station;
cheap. * . ' ' ,
$4250 — Rents $440 per annum; business cor-
ner; improved; 2 blocks Broadway; this is a'
bargain; clos-ing estate. ' ¦
S1500 — 5300 cash, balance monthly; SSth »t,
near Telegraph ave.; new modern 1%-story cot-
tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 37x100; street work
complete; mantel.
$1400— Alice st.. neat cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; patent toilet; near 7th at.; porcelain
Bink: 8-foot basement; lot 25x75.
$1350— $250 cash, balance $15 a month; 26th.
near Grove; 3 cottages ; 6 rooms and bath each;
first come, first choice.
$1250 — Magnolia st., near 34th; modern 1%-
story house of 6 rooms; near cars, station and
proposed new ferry.
$1000— Modern cottage, 4 rooms, basement:
brick foundation; large lot; near cars, station
and proposed new ferry; newly painted, and
papered.
$1250 — Snap; completely furnished and 1%-
Btory 5-room and bath cottage; terraced lot, 25x
140; good order; mortgage $700.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Offices 4C0 and 4C2 Eighth St., Oakland.
$2000— ORIGINALLY COST $3600.
New C-room house; the latest improvements
(note, lot 50x140); convenient to cars, schools
and business center; .everything in flrst-claes
order; owner non-resident and property must
1 be sold without reserve; terms f desired; It
Is an ideal home, J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3500— WORTH TO DUPLICATE $4000.
Two-story 7- room house; new; architectural
i design and finish is the latest and best ever
offered for sale; built without regard to ex-
pense as to construction, plumbing and in-
terior, finish; an Ideal home; an Ideal spot and
extremely low price; $1100 cash, balance
bank mortgage. J. S/ MYERS & CO., 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. •,
$3000— A BEAUTY.
New 6-room 2-story house; sunny; large lot;
.open plumbing; street work all .complete;
convenient to business center, cars and
schools; an ideal home;- best neighborhood
residence In Oakland; terms only $1000 cash,
balance mortgage. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. - • ¦ ¦ - •
$3C00— COST TO DUPLICATE $4500.
New 7-room house; 3 blocks to local station,
cars and near business center; dining-room
23 'feet long; open plumbing; No. 1 neigh-
borhood; architectural design and finish the
prettiest In Oakland; only $1000 cash, bal-
ance can remain on. mortgage; owner: must
leave Oakland and Is compelled to sell; first
come, first served. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3 CASH. $2 60 monthly; 2 lots 25x250; price
$30 each. -
$20 cash, 5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
In all. -. - *
$50 cash. $5 monthly; 4 lots. 100x100; trees
and shrubberies: price $300.
$75 cash, $7 50 monthly;, 8 lots, 100x200;
fine oaks and laurel trees; price $575..
$65 cash, $10 monthly; 200x200; price $985
In all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate;
near electric car line, fine school; building up
rapidly with a good class of people: no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh at, oppo-
site Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
300 ACRES, three miles from Oakland, $75
an acre; two-thirds of purchase price can be
borrowed on the land, at 6 per cent interest.
GILBERT WYMAN, attorney at law, office
and residence, Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth, Fruitvale, Cal.; phone Brook 123.
$1200 — 6-ROOM house; Improved Etreet; cement
walks; inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local station ; $100 cash, remainder of pur-
chaso price same as rent, $15 per month.
WYMAN LAND CO., .1137 E Fourteenth st,
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. \
$1000 — ON easy terms; cottage of 5 rooms In
good condition. 1743 Filbert St., near Twen-
ty-sixth; handy to San Pablo ave.: near elec-
tric cars. See owner there to-dcy. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE! FOR SALES.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.'
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh Bt. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR < UOUSEKEEP1>G.
'APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome sunny
suites; all modern Improvements; gas, bath,
reception rm. ; nr. park and school; rent rea-
sonable. St - James, McAllister and Laguna.
BELL, The. 1773 Market— Sunny bay window
room, with kitchen, gas range, $15; phone.
EDDY, 522— Sunny parlor floor, 4 rooms; house-
keeplng; complete; bath; phone; gas.
ELIZABETH, 2, oft San Jose ave. — 2 sunny un-
furnished front rooms for light housekeeping.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping; two
double beds. $20, with kitchen; also single
rooms, $4 up. • • , ' . .
FOLSOM, C20 — Large housekeeping rooms', on
first floor; large grounds for children. ¦
GOLDEN GATE, 1202— Lower floor 4 fur. rms.;
grate, running water, range . laundry.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny front suite,
large back room; ring at lower door. :
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404— Sunny front room
¦ for housekeeping. '
HOWARD, , 1258, near Ninth— Housekeeping
room. $2 50. and bedroom, one at $1 75;
adults. ¦ • - .
HOWARD, 2381— Two large and well furnished;
porch ; two entrances ; two adults; $12.
IVY ave., 211, off Franklin— Sunny . furnished
'• front (room; also 2 unfurnished rooms. ¦
' LARKIN, 716—2 Sunny furnished housekeep-
' ing rooms; $12. . .
LARKIN, 819% — Large sunny alcove rooms for
• light housekeeping; gas stove; :- bath and
. phone; $10 CO per month. . . ,
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnlsh-
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping-; upstairs.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
lng and sln-tle rooms, cheap.
MISSION, 1729%, . near 13th— Two sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry; $8.
.OAK, '119 — 2 sunny rooms, heavy housekeeping,
$14; 2 rooms, furnished housekeeping, $12. 7
OAK, 132^ — Housekeeping room; gas 'and bath .
O'FARRELL, 589— Furnished rooms for house-
' keeping ; also single rooms ; gas and" bath.
O'FARRELL. 742— Elegant . front sunny suite.
suitable for, housekeeping; : also eingle room.
o> FARRELL. 917— A , floor , of 8 unf urnlshel
housekeeping rooms ; . bath and , laundry. .
O'FARRELL, 1.115 — Beautiful' unfurnished
suites in modern private residence; , bath.
POLK, 608— Two sunny unfurnished housekeep-
' Ing rooms; no children. , ,
S^?'^^6?^12T^. C^. range^
SUITE I sunny front rooms, bedroom and kltch-
En:,'.iv rntl i hed ne a«y ' < and \ completely . for
store Br? 1^' ? 2 'P«- week.- Apply at shoe
store. 563 Mission- Bt; bet" 1st and 2d. •.. ¦ .:¦
-I™** 1 Po , w eH"2sunny front housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$20°
C^o»?i 5 ? E ?^ (1 . vertlsemente a" 11 subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
• r. ¦*¦. - _-. •¦¦-¦. i- - .: . , . ..
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR . SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
$180,000— Market st ; modern brick and Iron
building; 10 years' lease; rent $750.
$125,000— Corner; lot 70x130 ft; rent $900; 1
• tenant-. i -. '
$100,000 — Corner; 275x137:6; splendid lmprove-
. • xnents; rented at $800 per month.
$70,000 — Reduced from $80,000; corner; 75x75
ft; within one-third of block from
Market st and close to Hlbernla
Bank; stores and lodging-house;
best Investment off Market Bt; must
be sold. «»k
$55,000— Half block from Orpheum: I s block
from proposed Crocker hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house.
$40,000 — Geary-st. corner: lot 87:6x187:6; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net
$40.000 — Sansome-st. corner; 68:9x137:6 ft;
nominal Improvements; rents $2l2 60;
want offer. \ ¦
$35,000— McAllister-st. c'Orner; 85x9S; gool Im-
provements; rents 5220.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; S stores and 6
fiats; building cost $25,000; lot 68:9z
71: rents $2450 per year.
$25,000 — Post-st. corner; near Taylor; stores,
basement and 2 floors above; rents
very low at $134. •'
$18,500 — New Post-st. flats; close to Leaven-
worth; rents $145; Investment pays
9 per cent
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter;
rents .*90.
¦ $9,500 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown In-
vestment
$9.000 — Elegant residence of 8 rooms; best
modern appointments.
$5,500— Geary-et corner; 62 ft frontage;
half of property improved; a cheap
buy.
$5,00C— 50 ft frontage; flats near Sixth Bt;
rents $60.
RESIDENCES.
$150,000 — Lot 120x220 It.; 3 frontages; choicest
district; 18 rooms and baths; large
stable; rented at present for |350.
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st. residence; 12
rooms and baths: rents $100.
$5,000 — Golden Gate ave. ; 10 rooms and
bath; lot 25x137:6 ft.
CITOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
$60,000 — Corner; 48x82:0 ft; first corner fac-
ing Market st. north; sold for $42,-
500 twenty years ago; want offer.
137,500— Turk st. close to Larkin; 87x137:6
ft. : splendid site for apartment hcuse.
$38.000 — 170x160 ft.; suitable for manufactur-
ing purposes; 3 frontages: mortgage
J2C.000.
$80,000—137:0x128 ft.; N.W. corner Gough
St.; marine and panoramic view.
$15,000 — McAllister st, close to Buchanan*
75x137:6 ft. '
$5,000—100x100 f t. ; 1 block from Golden
Gate Park.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Et.
O. D. BALDWIN* & SON,
22 Montgomery Street.
$2.750— Cor. D st. and Thirty-seventh ave.;
family park; 9 flats; a snap.
$1,750 — Make offer; cor. of Lake st. and Twen-
tieth ave.; nice marine view; 57:0x100,
or will subdivide.
$550 each — Two lots. 25x120 each; Twenty-
first ave., north of I^ake st. ; marine
view; $50 cash, balance on install-
ments.
$1,000 — Point Lobos ave., near Twentieth;
25x100 each.
$2,500 only — Larkin Bt, east side, near Pa-
cific ave.; 25xS7:6; lots on grade;
street accepted.
$5,500 — Sacramento st., north side, key lot,
east of Larkin; 23:9xl36:ti to an alley;
pood house of 6 rooms and bath; room
for 3 flats In front; a bargain.
$C,5C0 — Clay et.. near Spruce, Presidio
Heights; fine house of 10 rooms, 2
baths; can be converted Into 2 flats
at «=mall expense.
$11.000 — Valencia et_. bet. Sixteenth and Sev-
enteenth; best business block on street;
UT.xS7:(i: cost ?20,000; a bargain.
$9,500 — Buchanan Bt, near Washington: fine
up-to-date house of 10 rooms; late
modern Improvements; cream location.
: $0,500— Rent $720 per annum; elegant 3-ntory
bay-window building, etore and 2 flats;
Sixth st. business property; house
alone cost $7S00.
$50,000 — Rent $5000 per annum; magnificent
- new, modern building; Just completed,
inside of Hyde Bt, north of Market:
40x137: a
$3,500 — Large lot, 70x135, with stable; suitable
for contractors; near Eighteenth and
Dolores sts.
$2.900 — Rent $34; 3 flats; Shipley st, near
Fourth: a snap.
$5,600— Rent $520 per annum; 2 flats on Bush
Bt. near Webster.
$3,000 — Rents $300 per annum; under secured
lease; tenant pays water and repairs;
Mason, near Jackson.
$6,500 — Rents $55; Eddy, near Buchanan*
25:10x120 to rear street: 8 flats and
cottage; $4000 can remain on mort-
gage.
$4500 — Two flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
Nineteenth st, near Guerrero; 25:6x
114; a bargain.
MADISON & BURKE. —
(Established January, 1858.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery Bt., opposite Lick
House.
Central location, within 200 ft of Market st,
on Hermann, bet Valencia and Mission; 25xS5;
only $2750; street bitumlnized.
$3000— Rents $41 per month; 22:11x80; Clara,
near Fifth.
Market-st gore lot Intersection of Ridley
Et., 89 feet on Market; cheap buy; only $16,000.
Sacramento st — Two modern flats, near Fill-,
more; lot 25x127; price $6800.
$9750 — Grove St., near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month; lot 33x82:6.
$5500 — Flats on Pleasant st., near Taylor:
renting for $42 per month; this property Is In
good order and is always rented.
$S500 — Pacific St., near Montgomery; brick
building; rents $60; lot 22:11x78:6.
$6000— Howard st. nr. Twenty-third; flats, &
and 0 rooms and bath; rents $43; lot 27x85.
$5250 — Rents $600 per annum; Woodward
ave., near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats*
lot 25x70.
$5000 — San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth st. ;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$."500 — Twenty-sixth st., near Castro: 2 flats:
rents $27; lot 25x114.
$3400 — Jones at., near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$30 per month; 25x62:6.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka; modern, 5 room and bath; lot
25x75. -
$1200 — Cottage, 6 rooms; rents $12; lot 25x
114; Twenty-ninth st, near Sanchez.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st
GEO. A. RAYMOND, Mills bldg
$10,000— N. side Sutter Bt; 2 flate; lot 27:3x
137:6.
$9,000 — South San Francisco; 2. stores and 11
flats; Hats alone bring $1020 per an-
num; building In first-class order; a
bank bargain.
$3,750 — Lovely home; College Heights, south
of Park; Just finished; 6 rooms; every-
thing up-to-date*
$4,000 — Artistic home; College Heights; Just
completed; 8 rooms; beautifully shel-
tered. .
$35,000 down to $300; a large list of fine
properties in Sausalito, Larkspur,
, P.oss, San Anselmo and San Rafael;
all en the line of the new north shore
electric R. R. (lately the N. P. C.
K. R. narrow gauge); Immense devel-
opments and improvements to be com-
menced at once and hastened to com-
pletion; a great awakening in sight*
inquiries already begun; this is bound
to be the favorite suburban district:
get in before the riee in prices, which
is certain to begin forthwith; do not
lose the opportunity by waiting too
long; I have made a specialty of these
properties for some years and am fully
equipped to suit all requirements.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Real Estate.
« Room 2. 7th floor. Mills bldg.
$15,000 — Rents ?135 a month.
New Colonial Flats. . .
Northeast corner Clay and Lyon streets.
Hardwood finish and modern, up-to-date In
every particular; 2 baths and 2 floors for each
fiat. For particulars apply to DAN EIN-
STEIN, owner and builder, C3 Chronicle
bldg.; open for Inspection from 11 to 4 p. nx.
BARGAIN — Fine sunny cottages, 6 rooms and
all modern improvements; high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
31st Bts. ; see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
FOR SALE — $2900; lot 25x137:6, on south side
of Page st, between Scott and Devlsadero.
Inquire 909 Page st. - .
$600—80x130; ON San Jose ave.: must be sold.
25.) Natoma Bt
$5600— SACRIFICE; nice flats; Mission warm
belt; choice location. Owner, box 3358, Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
¦ postage paid. ¦ ¦
FRUITVALE ADYERTISEMENTS
PRUITVALB nEAIi- ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st ; 2 blocks from.
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house pig-
eon cote, •' etc.; ornamental grounds; • fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
'.from 8. F.; rent $35 a month; price $4000
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or H*
A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
8:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. .
OFFICERS and member* of Congregation
Sherlth Israel are requested to attend the
funeral of our late member, Marks Groit-
man, to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from
B'nal B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street.
' * CHARLES HARRI3. President
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
GUILLERMET— In, the City and County Hos-
. pltal. February 1. 1902. F. P. J GulUermet.
aeed 35 years. -j
GULLIVER— In tM« city. February L 1902,
Harriet, beloved wife of the late Charles
Gulliver, a native of London, England, aged
70 years 1 months and 10 days.
ICTThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAGEDORN — In this city, January 81. 1903,
Edna F., beloved wife of H. H. Hagedora.
and youngest daughter of Mrs. Anna Kaika,
. a native of San Francisco.
EyTbe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1918 St-jiner street thence to St Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HAGERTT— In this city, February 1, 1902.
Mary Ann. beloved wife of James Hagerty.
and mother of James W. and John M. Hag-
erty, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
a-red 60 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St Brendan's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In Oakland, February 1. .1902.
Thomas X. Henderson, a native oX New
York, aged 80 years and S months.
HOFFMAN— In thla city, January 81. 1902,
Harold Joseph Hoffman, dearly beloved and
only child of Eugene and Emma A. Hoff-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 0
year* 6 months and 8 days.
CTFriend!- and acquaintances ere respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his j>arenta, 66O Saa Jose avenue, corner
Valley street Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery by electric funeral car.
HOOD— In this city. February 1, 1902, Edward
E. Hood, beloved father of Franklin J.,
Phillip L. and Lottie Hood, a native of
Nashua. Mass., aged 57 years 2 months and
5 days.
C Remains at the funeral carlorm of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 818 Masoa
street, between O'Farrell and Geary, until
8 d. m. Sunday, February 2. Interment at
Stockton, Cal.
HUFFAM— In this city. January 80, 1902.
Walter, belovad husband of Katherlne HuS-
am, and father of Walter Jr., Hazel. Violet,
- Ethel, Ruth. Ralph. Allen and Marlon Huff-
am, a native of London, England, axed 47
years 11 months and 18 days. A member
of Plledrlvers' and Brldgebullers' Union.
E77rlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from His late rest*
dence. 4109 Twenty-flrst street, between Dia«
mond and Eureka. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In thU city, January 81, 1302.
Amanda Christina, beloved wife of Axel
Johnson, mother of Arthur L. and Evelyn
Johnson, and sister of Mrs. Charles Forsell
and August ' "William, Alfred. Hulda and
Ida Nelson, a native of Sweden, aaed 80
years 10 months and 8 days. A, member of
the Swedish Ladles' Society.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at he?
late residence, 2668 Twenty-second street,
near Hampshire. Interment Mount OUvas
Cemetery.
KELLY — A requiem mass will be. offered tor
¦ the repose of the soul of Mrs. Winifred
Kelly, beloved mother of William J. Kelly
of thla city, at the Church of St. Ixnatlus,
Hayes street, Tuesday, the 4th Inst. at 0:20
o'clock.
McCORMACK— In this city, February t, 1902.
James, beloved husband of Mary McCor-
mack, and father of James and Hannah. Mc-
Cormack. a native of County Kilkenny. Ire-
land, aged 42 years and 2 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ftfneral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 25 Zoe street thence to St Rose's
Church for services at 11:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
MEIER — In this city. February 1. 1902. Tere»a.
widow of the late Joseph Meier, mother of
George Meier, and aunt of Doretta Creanet,
a native of Hamburg-, Germany, aged 7(1
years 8 months and 8 days.
p"Eemain3 at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
6 Co.. 1137 Mission street between Seventh
and Eishth.
MONE — In this city, February L 1902. John
J. Mone, a native of Boston. Mass., aged 55
years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from' the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOORE — In thia city, January SO. 1902. George
W. Moore, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 7?
years 4 months and 16 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Georze Y. Derning, 721 Valencia street,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MURPHY— In thla city, January SO, 1902.
Bridget, dearly beloved wife of John. C. Mur-
phy, and dearly beloved mother of John and
Agnes and the late Thomas F. Murphy, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, agel
70 years.
E7Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from her late residence, 1824B
Howard street at 12:45 o'clock, thence to
St Charles Borromeo's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NIBLOCK— In this city, January 81, 1902.
George J., dearly beloved son ot George and
Emma. Nlblock. brother of Freeman and
Alma Niblock. grandson of Mary and the
late George W. Hanley, and nephew of Da-
vid, Leonard, George and Mary Hanley and
Mrs. H. Cummer, a native of California.
' aged 14 years 4 months and 8 days.
PARKER— In Oakland. January 31. 1902. at
her residence on Albion street Mrs. Isabella,
-Parker, widow of the late II. C Parker.
PRATT— In this city, February L. 1902, Alice,
beloved daughter of C. H. B. and Margaret
Pratt a native of San Francisco, aeed 12
years 11 months and 29 days.
RIPPICH — In this city, January 29, 1902.
Frederick Rlpplch, a native of Germany,
aged 42 years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Court Magnolia No. 29, F. of A..
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the
parlors of Theodor Dierks. undertaker. 957
Mission street between Fifth and Sixth,
where the services will be held under the
auspices of Court Magnolia No. 29. F*. of A.
SHEA— In this city, February 1, 1902, Mrs.
Mary Shea, beloved mother of Mrs. James
Redlngton and the late Mrs. Jennie Holland
and Thomas and James Shea, formerly ot
Moores, Flat, Nevada County, a native ot
Ireland.
IT7Frtends and acaualntances are respect-
< fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 4. at 8:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence, 1653 Market street thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SILBERSTEIN— In this city. February 1, lflO2.
Julius Silbersteln, dearly beloved husband of
Cepora Silbersteln, and father of Ethel, Leo-
pold, Martha, Henry, Jake. Joe and Lyonell
Silbersteln. a native of Posen, aged 47 years.
BKUB — In this city, January 81. 1902, Mary
Skur. beloved mother of John, Mathews,
Charles, Frank and Nellie Skur, a native of
Ewinford, County Mayo, Ireland, aged 32
years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her lata
- residence, 23 Stanford street thence to St
Rose's Church, Brannan street between
Fourth and Fifth, for services. Interment
Holy Crosa Cemetery, by carriage.
STACKHOUSE^ — In this city, January 31. 1902,
Eliza Stackhouse. mother of George E. and
William H. Soule. Mrs. A. W. Martin and
the l&te lira. ! J. C. Ford, a native of New
York City, aged 71 years 5 months and 8
days.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Monday. February
'3, at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 319
O'Farrell street Interment private.
THORNHILL— In this city, January 30. 1902.
Ann Thomhlll, beloved mother of Walter
and Thomas Thornhlll, Mrs. Walter Ayllng
and Mrs. H. Whittle, a native of Notting-
ham, England, aged 76 years. (Nottingham
papers plea3e copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect--^
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at hei
late residence, 1011 Leavenworth street In-
tarment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
UNDERWOOD— In Oakland. February 1. 1902, !
Madelaln Underwood, a native of San Fran*
Cisco, ased 23 years.
WELCH— In this city. February 1. 1902, Kate,
beloved wife of Eugene Welch, a native oi
Ohio, aged 37 years.
(CTRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street
WISEMAN — In this city, January 81. 1902.
. John J. Wiseman, a native of San Francisco.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his l»te resi-
dence, 229 Twelfth street thence to St Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holj
Cross Cemetery.
PLUMBERS' Gas and Steam Fitters' P. and
- B. Society— Brothers: You are earnestly re.
quested to attend the funeral of our lat«
brother, John Wiseman, from his late rest,
dence. 229 Twelfth street at 12:30 o'cloclc
Sunday, February 2. By order
-m- t T T ,?£¥£ 5} c- FARREIX - President.
W. J. KILDAY. Secretary.
CARD OF THANK*.
We wish to thank our many friends fo»
their kindness and sympathy during our re-
cent bereavement. -
MR. AND MRS. GEORGE PEACOCK and
Family. . ..."
FIorisl*COe
/WTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.'^
107 POWELL ST.««EmS 322 505{NEW YORK. Feb. l.-The strength of a
handful of specialties from Individual causes
on the stock market to-day were not sufficient
to offset the doubtful etate of mind in which
epeoulators find themselves regarding the suit
against the Northern Securities Company, In
Which a decision by the Supreme Court may be
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1.— The market was quiet
f or ¦ metals. >- Interest; continues • to center . in
copper, which seems" toi be, tending upward,
but ' the prices to-day C were unchanged, -i Lake
stands at 12%@13%c; electrolytic at 12%®>13o
and casting- af ; 12%@12%c. . ; Tin . was .mod
erately active In a Jobbing way and steady at
$23 90@24 10. Lead ruled steady and un
changed, with fairly active ' demand at $4 10.
New - York. Metal .Market.
,-; a;; for Saturday. February i.' -,;
Flour,. qr Eksl;. 18,670rHay. tons ..... . 350
Wheat, ctls .... 4,.'53O ' Mustard. Fks .. 154
Barley.ctls ....'10.200, Tallow, ctls ... 246
Oats, ctls ...... 785, Sugar, ctls ..'.. 1.862
Rye, ctls'....... 275 Pelts, bdls : 163
Beans.-, sks ..... 82 Hides. . No .... SSS
Potatoes, ska.. 0 13 Chicory, bbls .. 20
Onions, sks ..;. 120 Lime, bbls 182
Buckwheat, sks. 20 Paper, car ..... 1
Receipts of Produce.
POULTRY— I>resBed '; Turkeys, 16@18c; Live
Turkeys, } 13@14c . for. Gobblers and 14@15e for
Hens; Geese, : per pair, ¦ $1 60@l 75; Goslings,
.';, Receipts of Poultry were light and the mar
ket was 1 1 firm, ; owing to ! the : scarcity of young
stock, , which sold , readily , at sustained prices.
One. car of Eastern is scheduled to arrive to-'
morrow.: •; ¦ ¦.}(¦¦¦. ¦¦..'! "^"¦'¦.: 1 ¦¦ .. : ,/ ¦¦
'. :¦¦ The . open season ¦ for Ducks Is over an3 re
ceipts >of Game i\ were ' light • . in ; : consequence.
Fifty-eight ' sacks of , Geese, Hare and . Rabbits
came - in - and : sold c at ; steady ' rates : under a
fair demand. 1 . ¦'•¦>> . :"" ¦ . ,
Pbultry and Game.
I NEW YORK, Feb. ¦ 1. — The Commercial. Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram • says -
Trading in mining stocks continues .active!
but the remainder of the list is merely' normal'
The tone of, the market continues to be ob
stinately; hopeful. Indeed we are already *n
ticipating • peace and it may be ¦ termed a
peace market. Dutch intervention efforts are
disregarded and we think that ¦ the war will
be over before the Dutch commission can reach
the Boers. - American stocks continue dull and
featureless. Rio Tintos sold ¦ at 47 and Ana
conda at 7 15-16. It is bellavcd that neeotla.-
London Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
t NEW 'YORK, Feb. I.— Cotton futures closed
quiet .and' steady with prices 2 to .6 points
higher. ' •' % ;V'.-v..- - -
•New1 : York Cotton Market.
Th« pressure ha« fallen rapidly along the
coast from Point Reyes to Cape Blanco, and a
moderate disturbance will probably come in
from tho sea In the vicinity of San Francisco.
The prf-ssure hp.s risen over the Rocky Mount
ain repion.
Th«> tr-mperature has fallen over nearly all of
the Northwest.
Southeast Bt'orm warnings are displayed from
Point Reyes to Eureka. .*¦*-,
Forecast made at San Franolsco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 2. 1002:
Northern California— Rain Sunday; fresh
southerly winds; warmer in the Sacramento
Valley. •
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Sunday; probably rain by night; fresh
eouthprly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday:
probably snow in the mountains; brisk south
erly winds.
Ran Francisco and vicinity — Rain Sunday:
fresh southerly winds.
, ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. ' Mo.. Feb. 1.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts,' 150; steady. Natives, $3 70@4 90- cows
and heifers, '$1 60@5 35; veals, $3 50®6 25
stockers and feeders, $2 60® < 75.
I HOGS— Receipts, 6100. Market steady. Light
and light mixed, $5 7506 20; medium and
heavy. $6 15@6 40; pigs, $3 80®5 10 ¦ ¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 25. Market' steady. -
CHICAGO, Feb. 1.— CATTLE— RecelDta. 25;
nominal. Good { to prime steers, $0 50@7 25;
poor to. medium, $4@6; Btockers and feeders,
$2 250>1: 50; cows, , $1 25@5 25; heifers, > 52 50®
5 50; canners 1 , ?1 25@2 30; bulls, $2 60<g>4 65;
calves, $2 60®7 25; Texas fed steers, $4@5 50.
/ HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21,000; Monday, 33,
000; left over, 2000. Active and steady. : Mixed
and ; butchers', $5 80@6 30;" good - to , choice
heavy, $6 15@6 35; '-rough 1 , heavy, $585ffi6 10"
light, $5 50@5 00; bulk of sales, $5 40® 6 20
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Sheep, . steady
lambs, steady. (Good to choice wethers, $4 300
5 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 70®4 60; West
ern sheep, ; fed, $4®5 45; . native lambs, $3(30 •
Western lambs,' fed, $5@5 00. \ . . . • ¦
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
VEGETABLES-^Rhubarb, 10c; Green Peas
from Los Angeles, . 3@6c; | String Beans from
Los Angeles, 8@15c: Cabbe.ge, 40@50c per ctl;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 ,75®2 per box • and
$2®2 25 per crate ; Mexican ¦ Tomatoes, $2@3
per box; Dried Peppers. 10@12%c per lb: Eos
Angeles . dc-, 15@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@16c
per lb ; v Carrots, , 35@50o ; per > sack; -Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@1 25 per dozen for large r and
50@75c for small;; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Lo S An _
geles Green ' Peppers, 20@25c ; Mexican do, 20
<g>25c; Egg. Plants from Los- Angeles, 20i?25c;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles," $1 60; Mar
rowfat . ..' Squash, , $8@10 per ." ton ; Hubbard
Squash, ?8@10. * - ' .1 '¦¦¦¦¦¦'.
ONIONS — Oregons, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 50@l 90 for lower- grades; Green Onions, 40
@65c per box. ; ¦,;
POTATOES— $1@1 30 for Burbanks from
the river;- Salinas Valley Burbanks," $1 50®
$1 75; Oregon' Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 50; River Reds, $1 500
1 60; Early - R03e,^ for seed.' $1 50@l 60; , small
Burbanks, . for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 50
for Merced. . • ¦ > » ¦ • • . '
. Receipts .' of -Vegetables . from Los Angeles
were light, but offerings were.'sufflclent-for.the
demand. Peas . continue plentiful and ' weak
and Wax Beans are neglected. , Tomatoes are
in light supply, and as most stocks are gieen,
sales are . few. . * Strictly fancy offerings, sell
readily at the quotations. Repacked.- Mexican
Tomatoes are offering at $3. per box. '
' There Is nothing new in Potatoes or Onions.
Receipts are light and stocks are 'firmly held,
as all dealers are in a speculative, mood. >.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make;, %c. less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
3*- % ©35c\»rieece Twine, 7%@8c.
; - COAL-f-WelUmjtdn. $9 per. ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9;' Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60;
Cdos.Bay,1$5 50; Wallsend. $8 60 1 Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
S- Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
- OIL— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 64o for
boiled and 62c for, raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra' winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 95o;
China Nut, 57%@C8c per gallon; pure-Neats
foot, In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40®50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels 37%c; cases, 42%c;
Cocoanut OH, barrels, C3^jC for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian. } .
. COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star,, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21 %c; ¦ Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; la
coses. 26% c. .
' TURPENTINE — C7c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels. .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining.Com
pany . quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags :
' Cubes, 'Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.03c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated,. 4.30c; Dry
Granulated,. 4.80c; Confectioners', A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lbkbags only). 4.70c; 'Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C.4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.' 60c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 ¦. barrels or its . equivalent. Dominoa,
half -barrels, ,5.30c; boxes. 5.56c per lb.
. 'imports ¦ from the Islands in January were
26,897,000 lbs, against , 31,721,400 during the
same month last year.
General Merchandise.
LIVERPOOL.-
Wheat — March. May.
Opening •• ..6 1% 6 1%
Closing •8.1% 6 1%
. PARIS.
Wheat— • ' Feb. ¦ . May- Aug.
Opening 21 70 22 80
Closing ..; 2170 22 80 :
Flour — :
Opening 27 45 - 28 55"
Closing • 27 45 < 28 50
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 3,700 76% 76% 76%
Atchison pfd 1,000 97% 97% 97%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 700 103% 103% 103
Baltimore & O pfd. • 93 ,
Canadian Pacific .. 100 113% 113% 113%
Canada Southern... 300 87 87 86
Chesapeake & Ohio 200 46% 40 45«
Chicago & Alton.. 200 34% 34% 33%
Chicago & A pfd.. 200 76 76 75%
Chicago Ind & L... 100 52 52 52
Chic Ind & L pfd 7a
Chicago & East III. 100 142% 142% 141%
Chicago & Gt West 400 23% 23% 23U.
Chfc & G W A pfd. 100 84% 84% 84
Chic & G W B pfd. 100 45% 45% 44%
Chicago & Nwestrn 100 214% 214% 214iA
Chicago R I & Pac 2,700 163% 162% 162%
Chicago Trm & Tr. 100' 17% 17% 17%
Chicago T & T pfd. 100 32 32 32%
C C C & St Louis.. 200 09% 99 ' 98Vi
Colorado Southern. 1,800 15% J514 15%
Colorado So 1st pfd "2.200 63% «3 6.1%
Colorado So 2d pfd 2,100 30% 30 ¦ 30%
Delaware & Hudson 172
Dela Lack & West 700 281 279% 279
Denver & R Grande 42%
Den & R G pfd 400 91% 91 91
e ••; — ¦¦ 2.400 39% 38% 39%
Erie 1st pfd 6314
trie 2d pfd:.....;. 100 C5% 55% 05^4
Great Northern pfd - is"%
Hocking Valley.... 300 68% «8% (58
Hocking Val pfd g2
Illinois Central COO 137% 137% 137%
Iowa Central 500 40% 40% 40%
Iowa Central pfd .... .... 74
Lake Erie & West. ....'. .... .." 67>A
L Erie & West pfd 500 133 132 ] VI
Louisville & Nash. 600 103% 103% 103%
Manhattan L , 1,100 .136 135% 1.15V.
Metropolitan St Ry 4.600 172 171% 171 V>
Mexican Central... 600 29 28% 28%
Mexican National;. 8,000 17% 16% 17U
Minn & St Louis.. 200 107% 107% 1O7?2
Missouri Pacific... 1.R00 102% 101% 102
Mo Kans & Texas. 100 24% 24% • 24%
Mo Kans & Tex pfd 100 63 53 5*>%
New Jersey Central 500 196 195 194
New York Central. 400 162 161% 161%
Norfolk & Western 700 50 66 56 U
Norfolk & W pfd.. ..... .... - -giS
Ontario & Western 300 '33% 33% 33a?
Pennsylvania ..... 1,200 149% 149% 149%
Reading 7CO C«% 5<1 Cfiii
Reading let pfd... 200 -82% 82' Sl*i
Reading 2d pfd 16,200 63V4 B2% 62%
Et Louis & S F 200 62% 62% 62
St L & S F 1st pfd. ...... .... ./?; • r5v:
St L & S F 2d pfd. 100 . 74% . 74%. 74%
St Louis Swestern. ..... .... ...-. 2T>'Z
8t L- Swestern pfd.' 200 58Vi SS% 58
St- Paul'.. .7,200 164% 163% 164
St Paul pfd..... .... .... isj
Southern Pacific... 20,700 62 61% 61%
Southern Railway.. 900 83 >i S3 33
Ping Beans are quoted weaker. Otherwise
there, is no change to report In anything.
Trade is dull. ; \
BEANS— Bayos, $2.40@2 50: Small White.
$3 10@3 25: Large White, $2 75@3; Pea, $3 50
©M; Pink, $1 75@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 60; Black
eye, $3 60@3 65; Llmas. $4 40@4 00; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3,75 oer ctl. .
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Ca
nary, 3%@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from
Utah,.8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c: Hemp, 8%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— N lies, $1 25©1 63; Green,
$1 25@1 60 per ctl. ' <
Beans and Seeds.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was steady; creameries, 15@25c; dal
les, 14@21c. Cheese, 6teady, 9%@ll%c. Eggs
:asy; fresh, 23% c. .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bl&Ask.
4s qr coup..lll%112S 4s qr o (new)lSd 139^4
4s qr reg 111%112% 3s qr coup. .108%109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — — iDceanlc 5s...lOO 101}$
Bay CPC 5s. 109 109% Ombu» C 08.131 —
Cal-st 5s.... 116% — PaoOIm 4s. 96 100#
S V Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105 —
Ed L&P 6s. —" — Pk&O R 6s.H7 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 63.119% —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. — 100
H C&S 6%s. — — BF & SJV5a.l23%123
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L Ang R 5s.l20tt — 3 P of Ar 6a
LA Light 6s. — — (1009) ....111% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....113 —
Do gtd 6s.l03%104% 3 P of Cal 6*
L A & P 6s. — 101% (1905)Sr A.109 —
Do Inn 63.101 103 (1905)Sr B.109& —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125% — (1906) 112 —
Do lem 5s. — 122% O912J ....121% —
N R C 6s. ..111% — S P Cal 1st
Do Cs ....122 — o gntd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C Bs.108% — Do stmpd..llO% —
N Cal R Cs.112%113% S P ErCal6s.l37 —
Oak Gas 5s. 114 S V Wat 6S.118H —
Oak Trn 6a. 121% — Do 4s ....102% —
Do 1st c5s.109%110% Do 4» 3dm.l01 10H£
Oak W. K 5s — 103 Stkn Gas 8s.lO2% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74% 1 Port Costa... 63^4 68
Marin Co 59 — ISprlng Vja.. 83% 85«t'
GAS AND ELECTRia
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 44 —
Eqt O L Co. 3 — Sao E G&RC 20 83 :
Mutual — 4*S S F G & B. 41 42?£
O O L & H. 51% — San Fran — ft
Pao Gas Imp35% 37 Vi Stktn G & Ev 8 — -
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 / }
" \ BANKS.
Anitlo-Cal .. — 81 |LP A A....165 1B9
California ,.41T 420 M«r Ex Glq) 13% —
Cal Safe Dp.114% — 'S F Nat'onl.131% —
First Natnl.320 350 I
SAVINGS BAXK3.
German ...1925 — iSav & Loan. — 00
Humboldt ... — — Security Sa.v.303 330
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..512Vi — '
:.'.; ¦;'.-... STREET RAILROADS. •
California ..165 172% Market ..... — 8t
Geary — «O Presidio .... 83 43
POWDER. _•
Giant ...... 73 81 fVigortt 8% —
SUGAR.
Hana ....... 2% — Kllauea .... 9^4 10*5
Hawaiian ... 3S — -MakawelN... 27% 28'
Honokaa ... 12% 13 Onomea .... 25 23%
Hutchinson . l*Vt 13% Paauhau ... 12% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.164% — . Pac A F A.. — 3ti
Cal. Fruit As 97. 90 Pac C Bor..lfl5 " —
Cal Wine As 96-li — Par Paint... 1G —
Oceanic S Co 36 — .
' Morning Session.
Board — -"ttfferiSEXSiaEfe^M
- B Alaska Packers' Assn..... 164 23
5 'Alaska; Packers' Aasn ..164 62Vi
SATURDAY, Feb. L— 12 m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Financier says: This week's statement
of the New York Associated Banks shows the
very satisfactory gain of $7,873,500 in cash
exceeding the amount of increase as estimated
from the traceable movement of money from
the interior and through the subtreasury by
$1,754,100. Since the beginning of the year
the gains in cash,- as officially, reported by the
statement, have amounted to $35,013, KOO. while
the estimated increase has been $69,984,600.
As has been the case in recent weeks previous
ly the. gain last week was largely in specie
this amounting to $6,824,000. Loans were ex
panded last week by $19,589,100, reflecting in
some degree the large borrowing during the
week on time and also the activity In com
mercial paper. The deposits show the some
what extraordinary increase of $26,330 200
which amount, it may be noted, is' only Jl,i32 -
400 below the total of the gain in loans and In
cash; hence the statement in this respect very
closely proves. Last year, it will be remem
bered, there were made during the latter part
of January and early in February some quite
notable gains In deposits by the banks. In the
week ending January 19, 1901, for example
the increase in this item was $36,451 000 and
in the week ending February 2 the gain was
$32,494,500. By March 2 the unprecedented
maximum of $1,012,514,000 was recorded an
increase since the beginning of that year of
$158,324,000., This year thus far the gain In
deposits has been comparatively small
amounting to $05,127,200. The surplus re
serve last week gained only $17,290,950, by rea
son of the large reserve requirements of
$6,582,550. The surplus now stands at t°Q -
623,350. against $24,838,825 at the correspond
ing date in 1901. Comparisons of changes in
the Items of loans, specie and deposits of ten
of the larger banks show a net gain of $15 -
300,000 in loans, or $4,200,000 less than the of
ficially reported Increase; a net gain of $3 500 -
0O0 in specie or about $3,500,000 less than the
Increase shown' by the statement, and a net
gain of $18,100,000 in deposits, or $8,200,000 be
low, the officially reported increase. Two Mor
gan banks show gains of $10,000,000 in loans
a loss of $1,900,000 in specie, and a Kain of
$8,000,000 in deposits.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending, to-day
shows : . '
Loans $889,531,500, increase $19,589,100; de
posits *975,997,000, increase $26,330,200; circu
lation ¥31,865,200. Increase $348,700; legal tend
ers $77,807,400, increase $949,500; specie $192,
815,200, increase $6,924,000; reserves $270,622,'-
COO, increase $7,873,500; reserve required $243*
990.250, increase $6,582,550; surplus $20,623,350
increase $1,290,950. • " '
Associated Banks' Statement.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%@
6c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; soft Hogs, 5@5%e;
sows, 20 per cent off: boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags. '40 per cent off from the above quo
tations;, dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
The demand and supply about balance and
quotations show . no change.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7®7%c for Steers and 6©7c per lb
VEAL^-Large, 7%@9c: small. 8®10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%©8c
per.lb. " ¦
LAMB — Yearlings, 0@0%c per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Articles — '¦ ¦' . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26,000 16,000
Wheat, bushels ........ 66,000 84,000
Corn, bushels '. . 67,000 . 67,000
Oats, bushels ........... 73,000 137,000
Rye. bushels ............ 50,000 1,000
Barley, bushels .... .37,000 . 5,000
The Giant Consolidated Company will pay
tha usual monthly dividend of 75 cents per
share on the 10th.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay 33
cents per share on the 5th. ,
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con _ 20 Little Chief ... 11
Alice 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece 63 Ophlr 80
Brunswick Con.. 06 Phoenix 03
Comstock Tun... 05% Potosi ... 08
C C & Va 1 05 Savage ... '..'.';'. 02
Deadwood Terra. 50 ISierra Nevada .. 1"
Horn Silver 1 50 ISmall Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 (Standard 345
Leadville Con . . 05 I
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
49: minimum, 41; mean, 45.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 32-28 1 Washington 2S-24
Cincinnati 36-22!Omaha 18- C
Philadelphia 28-28 Duluth 18-sero
New York ....... 30-2(5 Chicago 26-20
Kansas City 24-22 St. Louis 32-24
Jacksonville .... .76-52 • Salt Lake City. .20-18
Everything remained as before quoted. Hay
was firm, but cloudy skies and predicted rain
¦made the whole line cautious. Feedstuffs were
BRAN— $18 50@l!> 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $19@19 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27028; Job
bing, $28 50® 29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 60®32 50;
Mixed Feed, ,$17@18 60;' Cottonseed- Meal,
?26 50. .
HAY— Wheat. $10@13 50: fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13 50: Oat. $9@11: Alfalfa. $8®
10; Clover, $7®9; Volunteer, $6@8 60; Stock,
$008 per ton. . ¦ .
STRAW — 45@60c per bale.
Hay 'and Feedstuff s.
Cash quotations were . as follows : Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 80@4; straights, $3 40
@3 80; clears, $3 20@3 60; spring specials, $4 20;
patents, $3 50@3 80; straights, $3@3 80; No. 3
spring wheat, 75%c: No. 2 red, 83@S5c; No. 2
white oats, 46%@47%c;. No. 3 white, 4t%@
44%c; No. 2 rye, 61c;- fair to .choice malting
barley, 61@64c; No. 1 flax seed. . $1 71 ; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 73; prime timothy seed, $0 55;
mess pork, per bbl. $15 50@15 60; lard, per 100
lbs, $9 20@9 22%; short-rib sides (loose), $8 20
*@8 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 00@8 70; . whisky,
basis of high wines, $131; clover, contract
grade, $9 70.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 17.29 SO. 61
Red Bluff 0.04 11.68 13.41
Sacramento 0.00 6.99 11.38
Pan Francisco ... 0.01 7.04 13.01
Fresno 0.00 2.52 7.59
Independence 0.00 1.38 5.16
San Luis Obispo.. 0.00 6.02 21.15
Los Angeles .... 0.00 4.07 9.39
San Diego 0.00 2.36 4.03
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
a20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual- discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5;. Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, \ $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $G 85@3 33-
In sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas'
(5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 76@3 per barrel for family and $3«
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers. - $3<»
3 36. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c - under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hidcs FJ 0%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls, 14c:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands. 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, I5ff30o
each: short Wool. 40@60c each: medium. 650
75c: long Wool. 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 2501 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin. 6®8c: San Joa
qln Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County. S@lOc
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; de.
fall. 14ig)15c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment.
Quotations for everything remain unchanged.
Hides continue. to shade off at Western points.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for L & N. ". 106%
money 94 7-16 MK&T .25%
Consols for Do prefd 54
account 94 7-16 N Y Central 165%
Anaconda 7% Nor & "West 57%
Atchison 78% Do prefd ...... 03-t,
Do prefd 99% Ont & West 34V.
Baltimore & Ohio. 100 So Railway .... SS*4
Canadian Pac 116% Do prefd i. .... 97%
Ches & Ohio 47 So Pacific ....... 63%
C & G W 23% Union Pacific 104%
C M & St P .169'/. Do prefd 92
D & R G 4:^5 U S Steel ...44%
Do prefd ...... 93% Do prefd 95%
Erie 40% Wabash 22%
Do 1st prefd.... 71% Do prefd 4H%
Do 2d prefd 57 Spanish 4s 77%
111 Central 140%
Bar silver, quiet, 25 7-16d per ounce
Money, 2%<§3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three-months bills is 3 per cent.
Articles — Open, j High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — [I *• -
February... -.;..' :... .... 75
May .:...... 77% 78 - • 77% 78%
July ........ 77% 78% 77% 78%
Corn No. 2 — . • • • . : i\
May ........ 62% 62% .62% 62%
July ........ 02% 63 62% : 63
September.. 61% 81% 61%- 61%
Oats No. 2—; • •
May ........ 44% 44% 43% 44%
July 38% 88% 87% 38%
September.. 82% , 32% . 32% 82%
Mess Pork, cer bbl—
May .... 15 85 15 87% 15 75 15 75
July 15 95 15 05- 15 85 15 87%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 940 940 9 87% 9 40
July .... 9 47%" 9 47% 9 45 9 47%
- Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May ........ 8 42% 8 42% 8 37% 8 40 .
July ..847% 8 50 8 47% 8 47%
The leading futures ranged as follows
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%o per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13o for light,
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, -12@12%c; Califor
nia Hams, ll@ll%c; Mess Beef, $lu@10 60 per
barrel; extra Mess, $11©11 50; Family, $12Q
12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra -clear,
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%e*. 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins, 12c. ' • " ' •
- COTTOLENE — One half -barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
"Market quiet and steady. Demand Is not
at. all urgent and selling pressure at the mo
ment la not great. On the whole speculative
operations are rather of an uninteresting, char
acter."
The San Francisco market closed the [ week
flat and featureless. - • .
Chicago was rather lower again, with stocks
accumulating owing to the poor demand. Pri
vate wires from there said:
Provisions.
"The redwood lumber delH-erfes for the
months of August and September were below the
normal. ' caused by labor troubles in San Fran
cisco and vicinity. It is difficult to place a
pprcx-ritaee on the various kinds of lumber
turned out from the mills, for many of the
latter are not over-particular in their segre
gation of the species. However, the conditions
of"trade have been most excellent and the best
prices have obtained with but few cxcptlons.
"The export dmands have been extremely
hr-avy and the Washington mills have taken
the greater portion of the business, the mills
in many instances having to run overtime to
complete their orders. The Orient has called
for much Pacific Coast timber products, while
;he demand' from foreign parts, with the ex
•¦rption of Africa and Europe, has grown rap
idly. All in all, the timber producing dis
tricts of this coast have surpassed all other
in ¦wealth producing conditions eave those com
ing from agricultural lands."
"The lumber manufacturing interests of the
Pacific Coast erjoyed a most successful export
and domestic shipping trade during the year
19C1 Just closed. Washington. Oregon and
California Increased their quotas, but the mills
of British Columbia dropped about 10,000,000
frt>t in their totals for the twelve months. The
lumber output of the four distinct territories
of California, Oregon, Washington and British
Columbia cannot be accurately estimated, but
Wood and Iron would place the year's cut as
foUawi California. 613.756.000 feet; Oregon,
7H2.000.4KT feet; Washington 962.S36.972 feet;
British Columbia. 62,000,867 feet.
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of lum
ber in 1901: •
Number Price Dur-
Shares ins Month.
Bonds — Sold. High. Low.
U. S. Government 1.100 111%
U. S. Government 2,500 109% 109H
Bay Counties Power Co... 49,000 108% 109
Hawaiian Commercial..... 5.000 89%
Los Angeles Railway Co.. 31.000 119 120
Los Angeles Lighting Co.. 19,000 103% 104
Loa Angeles-Pacific R. R.. 15.000 100 100%
Market-street Cable Co.... 3,000 125 ij
Market-st. Ry. 1st c. mtg. 24,000 121% 121 Ts.
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal.. 17,000 111 111%,
Northern Ry. Co. (of Cal.) 36,000 121% 122
North Pacific Coast R. R. 121,000 105 108%
Oakland Transit Co 51.000 121% 124ft
Oak. Tran. 1st con. mtg.. 18.000 lOSfe 110V
Oakland Water Co. gntd.. 7,000 102&
Oceanic Steamship Co.... 22.000 100 102^
Park & Cliff House Ry... 1,000 105
Park & Ocean R. R 10.000 119
Sacto. Elec, Gas & Ry... 8,000 90
S. F. & San Joaquln Val. 60.000 122 123
S. P. R. R. of Arizona... 42.000 110% 111U
S. P. R. R. of Arizona, i. 13,000 112% 113
S. P. R. R. Cal.. Ser. A.. 40.000 108% 108%
S. P. R. R. Cal.. 8er. B.. 4,000 109*,
S. P. R. R- of Cal 2.000 Ill}*
S. P. R, R. of Cal 1.000 121
S. P. R. R. Cal., stamped. 81.000 110% 110%
S. P. Branch Ry. of Cal.. 4,000 137
Spring Valley Water 12,000 112% 113ft
Spring Valley Water 11.000 102% 103%
Spring Valley Wat.. Sd xn.145.000 101 101%
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa 210 73% 75
Spring Valley 1.014 85 86ft
Gas and Electric —
Equitable Gas Light Co... 800 SU 3'a
Oak. Gas. Light & Heat.. 45 51% 52
Pacific Gas Improvement.. 25 33 35 Vi
Pacific Lighting Co 180 45
S. F. Gaa & Elec. Co.... 1.635 39% 42%
Insurance Stocks—
Fireman's Fund 2 ..... 260
Bank Stocks —
Bank of California 24 417 420
Cal. Safe Dep- & T. Co.. - 10 ..... 114
London. Paris & Amer 15 16S 169^
Street Railroad Stocks —
California 62 162% 16S
Market-st. Railway Co... 462 90 93
Presidio 41 40
• Powder Stocks — :"-\.j-
Giant Consolidated Co.... 1.867 71% 81*5
Vigortt 100 4%
Sugar Stocks-
Hawaiian Com. & 9. Co.. 15 84
.Honokaa Susar Co T75 10 12
Hutchinson Sugar Plan... 1.145 13% 15
Kllauea Sugar Plan 100 9%
Makawell Sujsar Co 1.050 25% 28
Onomea Sugar Co 660 22% 25»4
Paauhau Sugar Plan 285 10 1, 12
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' Assn.... 640 159*4 174
Cal. Fruit Canners* Assn. 171 96% 08
Cal. Wine Association.... 635 95 97
Oceanic Steamship ' Co. ... 764 S3 42
Pacific Aux. Fire Alarm.. 150 3t£
Pacific Coast Borax Co... 33 165
CHICAGO, Feb. 1.— Wheat began the day
steady, but dropped quickly. Cables were
steady, but Australian shipments, were exces
sive, 1,722,000 bushels, compared with 272,000
bushels in the corresponding .week last year.
There were numerous selling orders early,
though the general trade was light In volume.
Tha increase of l%c a bushel In ocean freights
on grain helped the foreign markets but hurt
prices. Inspiration for any bull turn in the
market : seemed to be lacking in any news at
hand. May opened a - shade higher to a shade
lower at 77%c to 77%c and sold off to '<7%@
77 %c. At these prices offerings became scarce.
There was a revival of . bullish sentiment in
the Southwestern markets and shorts . began
covering liberally. Of late bsars have been
hedging to some degree and seem to prefer
covering. at small breaks rather than to con
tinue going further short. : There was an Im
provement reported In the cash situation, ( the
seaboard foreign demand was picking up and
sellers turned buyers. May reacted quickly and
later fluctuated*- narrowly with an upward
tendency. ¦ May closed %c higher, firm, at
78%c - .
Corn- opened firm on steady cables. Trad?
wa« light and shortly after the start prices
Eagged off on early general selling. The pit
crowd, however, quickly began .to cover and
on the .: Increased . demand the feeling turned
firm. May closed' %'c up at 62%c. :
There was a very email trade in oats. May
closed steady, a shade higher, at 44%@44%c.
Provisions. were dull, save for extensive busi
ness in pork. May pork closed 7%o down, lard
a shade" lower and ribs 2%c down. -
Firmness still prevails and the markfet con
tinues In excellent shape for sellers.
Raisins are again quoted.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 8@9c; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches. 6@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c; Plura»,
pitted, 4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
6%o for red and 6%@6%c for white; Figs, 3c
for black and tiO@75c per box for white
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. e@6%c; 40-50's, 4%©5%c; SO-CO's. 4V1
@4%c: 6O-70's, S%@4%c; 70-80's, 3%®3%c;
bO-90'8. 2%@3%c; ao-100's. 2%@2%c p?r lb.
RAISINS — Are ' again quoted, as follows:
Seeded, 3-crown; 8c; 2-crown, 8%®7%c; Loose
Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and 5%c for seed
less; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 6%c; Seedless Sul
tanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@8%o for
bleached. Clusters — Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50;
Fancy. $1 75; London* Layers, $1 25® 1 85.
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll&12c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No 2. 8«8%c; No. S hardshell.
8c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell OQlOc for softshell and t!@7c for hard
shell'; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12©12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll®13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, 12$13c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted
6i£6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c. '
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. *
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
,i i H
Tho feeling was very firm on the Stock and
Bond Exchange and business was good for Sat
urday. Alaska Packers was higher at $104 23
©IM 62ij, Giant Powder at $70. Honokaa.
Sugar at $12 60. Makawtll at V±~&Si SO and
Oceanic Steamship at $37. There were sales
of Fireman's Fund Insurance at $2t!2 50 and
of California Safe Deposit at $111 50. The Oil
stocks were featureless.
The following were ex-dividend: Spring
Volley 2ds. 4 per cent. $1; United States Gov
ernment 4s, 1925, new iBsue. regular quarterly,
amounting to $1,623,154; United States Gov
ernments as, 1908. regular quarterly, amount-
Ins to $747,162 75; Edison Light and Power
Company's 6s, 1921, regular quarterly, amount
ing to $'<m5; Sacramento Electric, Gas and
Railway Company, regular monthly 15c per
share, amounting to $2775 90; Reed Crude Oil,
2%c. „;
Alaska Packers has declared dividend No. 03
of $1. payable on the 12th.
Sales on tho OH Exchange last week wer*
2-1.203 shares, valued at $12,507. the leading
sales being as follows: Bear Flag. 2200 shares;
Four, 5100; Petroleum Center. 7250; Reed, 1S81;
Sovereign. 1500: Monarch and Monta Crlsto.
1000 each.
Sales of bonds and stocks on the Bond Ex
change during January were as follows:
tinued firmness, with nothing offered, eo far as
can be learned, under the 3%c four size basis
for new crop Santa Claras. Oregon prunes
are fairly steady. Apricots are In moderate
request, and Coast advices report the market
there somewhat above the parity of spot cost
to lay down added. Peaches are unchanged.
Tears are very firm and scarce. In dates Per
sians ar€ unchanged, but firm. A fair Inter
est is noted for small lots. Figs are meeting
with some inquiry aud the situation shows firm
r.ess."
"Prunes continue fairly steady for spot, but
here is noted a lack of buying Interest. On
lew Santa Claras, strictly fine quality. 6%c
-ppears to be inside for 40s to 60s In 25-lb
¦oxes. Some lower grades and outside fruit
ffer at less money. Coast advices note a con-
ilall advices from New York say:
"There Is little Important feature to note In
the raisin situation pending the naming of new
prices by the syndicate. It can be stated on
gooi authority that prices will not be lower
than 7%o and So on choice and fancy seeded
In cartons I. o. b. the Coast. A moderate job
ting Interest prevails on the spot, with sellers
showing; no disposition to accept offers on
round lots. There Is some speculative in
quiry, with offers of 6%c for fancy spot noted,
the earne being it is supposed from purchasing
agents identified with the syndicate. In im
ported raisins the market shows some firmness
at T^c for Valencia, layer; Sultanas are un
changed and quiet.
Dried Fruits in New York.
"WASHINGTON. "/•"
Flour, qr sks... 10,342 1 Bran, sks 3,400
Potatoes, sks .. 2SS | Flaxseed, sks .. 2. 03U
Feed, sks 80 1 Brandy, gal* ... 9.C0O
Broom Corn, sks ISO Wins, gala 1C5.2C0
Bran, ska 1,443 Quicksilver, Sale 135
Middlings, sks.. 32^1 Leather, rolls .. M
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past -week
Trere $23,977,S94. against $20,640,858 during the
same week last year. 1 .
The money market has grown easy, the rate
for call loans dropping to 2 per cent. Railroad
gross earnings for the third week in January
reflect highly prosperous conditions in the
transportation industry. Some of the returns
of net earnings for December show decreases
compared with the preceding December, but
the explanation Is accepted as reasonable that
etorms and floods were accountable for holding
back of traffice, which must ultimately come
forward. The violent break In Jhe grain mar
kets led to some rumors of resulting financial
troubles, but the speculative liquidation there
and the snows in the winter wheat belt, which
prompted It. are considered as beneficial to the
general situation.
There has been an active bond market, es
pecially for junior grades and those whose in
vestment etandint has been below the best
with a corresponding advantage In the interest
return.
United States refunding 2s declined % and
the 4s and new 4s advanced % over the call of
last week.
The renewed demand -for copper has an
Important bearing upon the industrial situation
at lacge, but its immediate significance to the
Amalgamated Copper Company has been much
obscured, perhaps designedly, by many conflict
ing statements. It is persistently asserted that
that company has not only sold out its surplus
stocks of metal atthe low. level, but has en
tered into extensive future contracts at the
eale level. This contention has not prevented
the sharp advance in Amalgamated Copper
shares, and the active demand for raw copper
has given no indication of a market oversold
for future delivery. The collapse in the copper
market and in Amalgamated Copper was an
important factor of depression in the stock
market, but the recovery has had but a feeble
effect on stocks. The proposals looking toward
peace in South Africa, now clearly known to be
under discussion, must be regarded as prom
ising an event ot world-wide importance to the
financial world. It has met with a proportion
ate response In the stock markets of Europe,
but has been quite ineffectual in awakening
speculation here. So it has been with the other
news which is regarded as Important. The re
port of the operations /of the United Steel Com
pany has caused interested comment in finan
cial circles, where there is general assent to
the favorable condition indicated, both for the
trade and for the corporation. The stocks of
the corporation, however, have moved barely a
point during the week. The decision to remove
the war taxes is welcome as a measure of re
lief from the drain upon the open market money
supplies caused by the taking up of the surplus
revenues, which has been a continuing and per
plexing problem.
The speculative movement in stocks this week
was limited almoet wholly to special points.
These points were different on different days,
but the movement never became general, be
yond the light sympathetic effect due to the
efforts of the professional traders to make the
special movements prevail in the genera! list.
A number of developments during the week
have been important in their bearing on the
general financial outlook. Such developments
at a . period of speculative activity like that
prevailing at this time Jast year would have
thrown the market into € state of alarm. The
indifference to' them at this time only serves to
define more clearly the determination of the
money powers of the country to await the out
come of various railroad problems. The fixing
of the legal status of the Northern Securities
Company by judicial legislation seems to be
the most Important of these problems in the
estimation of the streets. Efforts were made
by professionals to put prices up last Monday
in expression of satisfaction with the argu
ments made to the Supreme Court against the
petition for a bearing of a suit against the
company, but there was no important response
to this Inspeculation. . There has been a very
feverish speculation in Amalgamated Copper at
advancing prices durinc the week, based upon
the developments in trading with an urgent de
mand for raw copper, both in this country and
in Europe. The financial condition in Germany
seemed to have had an important influence on
this movement, owing to a large number of
electrical undertakings which were under way
in that country when it was overcome with
financial paralysis and which it is hoped will
be taken up again with the return of confi
dence. . ... • . « _
given on Monday. The declaration of the first
quarterly dividend of one per cent on the stock
of the Northern Securities Company and the
mailing of checks to stockholders last night
without announcement were taken as suggest
ive of a desire to forestall possible legal oppo
sition to such action and increased the dispo
tion of the public to await the Judicial decision
regarding the status of the company. The
enormous loan expansion by the banks was
another disquieting factor. Increase in loans
of nearly $20,000,000 In a single week has oc
curred only a few times In the history of the
New York Clearing-house and not at all out-'
Bide the period last spring, when syndicate
preparations were making for the great deals
which afterward electrified the financial world.
For the week ending February 2 last year the
loans ot the New York Clearing-house banks
were expanded $30,440,000, which was the
largest single week's expansion in their his
tory. But the vast expansion of credits the
country over since that time and the email
proportionate increase in cash reserves for the
same periods makes what was a bull Influence
on stocks last year a cause of legislation and
doubt this year. What operations are respon
sible for the past week's large increase in loans
is not known to the public. The bank state
ment counteracted the influence of earlier
strength of Sugar on renewed hopes' of remov
ing Cuban sugar duties, and of the continued
speculation in Amalgamated Copper. The mar
ket closed dul land heavy at mixed net changes.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 4000
ctls, 84%c. / . . .
Second Session — May — 2000. ctls, 84T4c; 8000,
84%c; 2000, 84%c; 4000, 84% c.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
84%c.- - .. .
. OATS — The week closed on a firm anJ un
changed market: • Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.'s
Chicago wire said: 'Market is quiet and
steady. General interest in the May option is
apparently gradually being eliminated as far
as "new trading is concerned. If the concen
trated holdings are as large as generally esti
mated there must, however, be a scattered
short interest of considerable magnitude. Of
course some of this is undoubtedly against
sales of oats in country elevators. Interest
in July and September oats* is quite active."
Grays, $1 22%@1 30; whites, $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22%
for. feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 ZZij)
1 42% for seed.
' CORN — There 13 nothing new to report. The
demand Is slow and offerings are neglected,'
but holders keep prices up just the same.
Chicago wires-to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. say:"
,"As in wheat the market waa rather soft
early, but rallied and closed firmer under cov
ering of shorts. I Advices j from Southwest con
tinue bullish, both as regards crop : an J de
mand, and while receipts are small here the
demand on the whole is poor, although a lot
of 100,000 bushels was taken yesterday for
shipment to .the seaboard. - Market is much
quieter in a speculative way."
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small- round
do. $1 50: white. $1 30©l 40 per ctl.
RYE^ — Quoted at 85@90c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl •
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 16,000
ctls, $1 08%; December— 2000, $1 09; 2000,
$1 09%; 10.000, $1 09%. .
Second 'Session — May — 4000 ctls, $1 08%;
2000, $1 08%. .
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 09%.
BARLEY — Futures dropped l%c on pre
dicted rain. The spot market remained firm
and stationary.
Fe«d, 90c for choice bright, 87%@88%o for
No. 1 and 85@8<>%c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 92%@95c; Chevalier. $1®
I 20 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT — The San Francisco market was
fairly active on ; call, but prices showed little
change. The foreign markets t were featureless.
Chicago was a shade firmer, but Inactive,
though there was some buying on estimates of
a decrease in the visible supply. The best buy
ing was for. account of the Southwest.
Bo! ton, De Ruyter & Co.'s private letter
from Chicago eald: "Northwest- stocks are
about a stand-off for. the week and a small
decrease in the visible is not unlikely. Broom
hall reports English markets as steady, a bear
ish feature being large Australian shipments.
Export for the- day ia small. Further snow,
followed by a cold wave over the winter wheat
sections,, is predicted, but. the wheat seemr. to
be well covered everywhere and safe from
harm. Here the .market was ' rather heavy
early, but turned strong on covering of local
shorts. Volume of outside speculative business
is less and the market Is tending toward dull
ness.. We think there is a fairly liberal short
interest in the market, and while we see noth
ing bullish in the situation,- scalping markets
are likely." . •
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@1 12% ser ctl. :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight. . .... — " > 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — ¦ 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 15
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... 45 0 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c©$l 25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice and $20
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings. 30@75c; Tangerines,
$1 50@2; Japanese Mandarins, $2@2 25; Me
diterranean Sweets, 75c@$l 25; Lemons, 60c@$l
for common and $1@1 SO for good' to choice,
and $1 75® 2 25 for fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@2;
Mexican Limes, $6@J5 50; Bananas, $2 230
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c©$2 00 per box
APPLES — $1 60©2 per box for extra. 75c
@1 28 for good to choice and 2S@60o for or
dinary. .
There Is nothing new In Apples or Pears.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Two ears of Oranges and 1 car of Lemons
are announced for to-morrow's auction. ' Con
ditions in the Citrus market showed little Im
provement. .-¦" Extra fancy Navels are scarce
and sold readily at a slight advance. Tanger
ines and Japanese Mandarins In small boxes
met with ready sale at good prices. The Pan
ama steamer Is at hand with fresh supplies of
Limes. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
New York Grain and Produce.
•X — '¦ ; ; '^— — — *
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,200 barrels; exports, 8000 barrels. Dull,
nominal prices. Winter patents. $3 75@4 25;
winter straights, $3 60@3 75; Minnesota pat-,
ents. $3 85@4 15; winter extras, ?2 00<gi3 20;
Minnesota bakers. $2 55@3 30; winter low
grades, $2 70@2 .80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25,650 bushels; spot,
quiet; No. 2 red, 87c f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red. 89%c' elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
85 %c f. o. b. afloat; No:. 1 T hard Manitoba, 87c
f. o. b, afloat. At first rather steady on ca
bles, wheat declined under moderate liquida
tion and Southwest selling, but rallied later
on demand from shorts.. Closed firm and un
changed. March, 84%c: May, 83%@83%c,
closed 83%c; July. 83%@83%c, closed S3%c.
HOPS — JQulet. State, common to choice.
1901 crop. Iiy 2 @16c: 1900 crop, S@10c; 189!)
crop 6@8c; Pacific Coast. 1901 crop, 11%@
15%c; 1000 crop, S@12c; 189:) crop, 6@8c.
HIDES— Quiet. .California, 21@25 pounds,
19%C. -'¦.': ,,""'
WOOL — Stf ady. Domestic • fleece, 26%@27c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; do mild., quiet; Cordova,- 8Q>12c. , Fu r
tures closed steady, net ,5010 points lower.
Total sales, 33,250 bags, including: March,
5.40c; May, 5.55c; July, 5.70@5.75c; Septem
ber 5.90@5.95c; October, 5.95c; November, 6.00
@0.10c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 3-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c. Refined, steady; No. 7, 4.10c; No. 8,
3.90e; No/ 9 3.85c; No. .10. 3.80c; No. 11,
3.75c; No. 12. 3.80c; No. 13, 3.75c; No. 14,
3 75c; Standard A, 4.55c; confectioners' A,
4.55c; mold A. 5.10c; cut loaf, 5.25c; crushed,
5.25c,; powdered, 4.85c; granulated, 4.75c;
cubes, 5.00c. DRIED FRU its.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1. — The market for evap
orated apples remains featureless with prices
generally unchanged and steady. State, com
mon to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9@9%c; choice,
0%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc. ' , , .. v '
California dried fruits were also unchanged
today. ' A moderate Jobbing inquiry appeared
for prunes and aprtcots, which ruled firm. |
PRUNES— 3%©6%c. ¦•¦ , ;
APRICOTS — Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark, 0%@
— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 9%@
9%c. .
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 1.— Clearings, $289,
028; balances,: $101,824. — ¦ : .¦ . '
TACOMA, -Wash.. Feb. 1.— Clearings, $130.
221: balances, $52,415.
SEATTLE, : Feb. 1.— Clearings. , $378,837 ;
balances, $47,390. - ; • ¦ • .- •
SPOKANE Wash.. Feb. 1.— Clearings, $162,
396; •. balances, $31,602. ;;
Northern Wheat Market.
. - ' OREGON. . - '.-¦¦¦
PORTLAND. Feb. ; 1.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla, «4@65o ; - Blue Stem, 65%@66c
- . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 1.— WHEAT— Nominally un
changed; Blue Stem, 64@65c; 'Club, 63@64o. :
Foreign Markets: .
; LONDON, Feb. 1.— Consols. .'. 94% : sliver.,
25 7-16d. / Wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; cargoes j "Walla ; Walla. 29§;. English
country ; markets.' slow; ¦ hops (Paclflo , Coast),
firm. £3 10s@£4. ¦ -
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 1.— Wheat. Quiet; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour in Paiis, quiet; weather
in England, cold and dry. ' ' .
, COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-32d.
TVecklv bank clearings show a material gain.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Local siocks and bonds firm.
Wheat quiet and featureless. Barley futures lower. ;
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged..
Hay unsettled, like tJie weather. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Pink Beans quoted lower. Other descriptions unchanged.
Btittcr and Eggs firm and Cheese steadier.
Dried Fruits continue firm, with fair sales.
Wool, Hides and Hops as before quoted.
Meat market steady at previous prices.
Potatoes and Onions firmly held.
Poultry well cleaned up. Game season closed.
Nothing new in Fresh or Citrus Fruits.
Lumber trade reported in good condition.
Raisins again quoted.
. NEW YORK, Feb. 1. — The exports of specie
from this port to all • countries for the week
ending to-day aggregated $1,025,415 silver and
$36, 632 gold. The Imports of specie for the
week were $21,070Ngold and'$14,635 silver. The
merchandise Imported at New York , for tho
week, including dry good3, was valued at
111,669,809. ' . I
Movement of Specie.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I United Fruit 89
Call loans ...:.. 3%@4 Mining—
Time loans 4 @5 Adventure 23%
Bonds — Allouez 3%
Atchison 4s 102- Amalgamated .... 78%
Gas Uts S3 Baltic 42U
Mexican Cen 4s.. 82 Bingham ... .... 25V*
Railroads— iCal & Hecla 1 650"
Atcbison 76% i Centennial 14%
Do pfd 97%;Copper Range ... 61%
Boston & Albany. 262 (Dominion Coal \. 63%
Boston & Maine. 192%'Franklin " 14%
Boston Elevated. .163 Mohawk 38
N Y N H & H..210 Old Dominion ... 24%
Union Pacinc 101% Osceola 87%
Mexican Central.. 2Syj' Parrot 34
Miscellaneous — JQuincy. 145
American Suffar .125% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Do pfd .:•.. 117% Tamarack ... ...280
Dom I & Steel... 28%'Trimountaln ... . 67
General Electric. .279 Trinity 14%
Mass Electric ... 33 United States ... 17%
Do pfd 93 Utah 28
N E Gas & Coke. 4% Victoria ... .... 6
U S Steel 43%. Winona ... 1%
Do pfd 93% Wolverine 54
Southern Ry pfd. . 700 05%" 04% 94%
Texas & Pacinc... 100 38% 38$ SS%
To edo St L & West 100 20% 20%. 20%
lol fat L, & W pfd. 1,700 38% 37% '37%
Lnion Pacific 7.500 102 101% 101%
Union Pacific pfd. 1,200 80 %- 89 ¦ . 89
W . abash 800 22%- tt2% 22%
Wabash pfd 2,000 42ft *2 42ft
iJr h f el , & Lak «B-- 100 17% 17% IT
w & l e 2d pfd ..:;..:: 29
Wisconsin Central. 200 19% 13%! 19%
VV lsconsin Cent pfd ..... ........ 40
Express Companies —
Adams ........ 105
American ....;... 218 '
UnJtsd States .... 1,000 109% 108% 108%
Wella Farro .!...; 192
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper..... 59,500 70 77% 78%
Am Car & Pndry.. 300 ' 29% 29V? 29
Am Car & P pfd.. 900 86% 86% 86%
Am Linseed Oil... 900 " 25% • 24% 24
Am Unseed Oil pfd 200 &3% 61% 50V4
Am Smelt & Ref..' 300 47% 47 47%
Am Smel & R pfd. 60? 97% 07ft 07%
Anacor.da Min Co. 0,400 j36% 35% 35%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 000 65% 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron. . 100 80% 86% 86
Consolidated Gas ' ........ 217
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 100 117% 117% 117 3
General Electric... 100 280 280 279
Glucose Sugar 1,400 , 50% 49% 49%
Hocking Coal 100 15% 15% 15%
Internatnl Paper... .... 19%'
Internl Paper pfd. 4,300 75 75 74%
Internatnl Power.. ...'.. . 87
Laclede Gas 100 90 "90 89
National Biscuit... :-• 44%
National Lead 100 19 19 18%
National Salt '.... 30
National Salt pfd ..». 04
North American t. 91%
Pacific Coast • .... 73
Pacific Mail 100 45% 45% 46
People's Gas 2,500 100 '99% 99%
Pressed Steel Car. 40
Pressed S Car pfd '84%
Pullman Pal Car.. :'¦ .... 217
Republic Steel 200 16% 16% 1C%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 C9% 69% 69
Sugar 11,00(1 126% ;. 125% 125%
Tenn Ccal & Iron. 200 G3y< 63% 63%
Union Ba«r & P Co. • 800 13V1 13 12%
Union B&P Co pfd. .. ....73
U S Leather .. ii»4
U S Leather pfd... 800 80% 80% 80%
U S Rubber 700 15% 14% 15
U S Rubber pfd... ..... ..." . * 61
U S Steel.... 3.500 43"^ 43% 43U
U S Steel pfd 5,600 93% 93% 03%
Western Union ........ 81
Am Locomotive ... 3.300 33% 32% 32%
Am Locomotv pfd. ; 1,500 92% 92% 92%
Total tales 237.300 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS. '
US ref 2s reg....lO8% L & N unlf 4s. ..101%
LS ref 2s coup... 108% Mexican Cen 4s.. 82%
h § 3 , s re * 108 %i Do 1st lnc ..... 32%
Vi S 3s coud 108% MJnn & St L 4s.. 101%
U S new 4s reg..l3'J II K & T 4s..... 98%
U S new 4s coup. 139 Do 2ds 84
Vt f °, ld 4s re »--- n l% NY Central ls.ts.103%
U S old 4s coup..lll%i Do gen 3%s ...108%
U S 5s res: 106 N J Central gn 5s.l37
U S 5a coud 106% Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Atchison gen 4s. 103% Do 3s 74%
Do adjust 4s. .. 94 Nor & W con 4s. .102%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104 Reading gen 4s.. 98%
Do 3%a 95% St L & I II en 5s.ll8
Do conv 4s 105%ISt L & S F 4s... 96%
Can South 2ds...lO9% St L S W lsts 98%
Central of Ga 5s.. Ill Do 2ds 79%
Do 1st inc 79% San A & A P Is. . 89%
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 107% Southern Pac 4s.. 94%
Chi & Alton 3Vis. S4%! Southern Ry 5s.. 120
C B & Q new 4s. OC (Texas & Pac lsts. 120%
C M & St P gn 4s.lli% Tol St L & W 4s. 83^
Chi & N W en 7s.l-iOVs Union Pacific 4s..l05~"
C R I & P 4s.... 110%: Do conv 4s 106%
C C C&St L gn 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts ...".119
Chi Term 4s 89 Do 2ds .V.114
Colo & South 4s. . 91% Do deb B 68%
Denver & R G 4s. 102^j West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. OS-ftiW & L Erie 4s.. 93>«
Do gen 4 3 88%! Wiscon Cen 4s... 88ii
Ft W & D C Ists.l07%lcons Tob 4s CC%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EGGS — Ranch. 21c for selected large and
20o for good to choice; store. lS®19c per dozen.
CHEESE— New. U@U%c: old, 10@10%c;
Young America, 12@13c: Eastern. 13015c per
pound. .
BUTTER— Creamery, 27®27%o per lb for
J an , cy '~ 26 ° for firsts and 25c for seconds; dairy,
17%@25c; store Butter, 14@lTc per lb; Cream
ery Tub. 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg. 16®
Butter and Eggs continued firm, both being
very well cleaned up,' though receipts of Eggs
Increased somewhat. ¦ The Exchange advanced
Butter lo" and Eggs 2c, and Its quotations for
both now about coincide with the street, some
thing that has not happened since the institu
tion was organized. There Is no reason why
there should be any difference, and If the plans
now being matured by the- Exchange are car
ried out there will be very little confusion over
the quotations hereafter. All the trouble In
the past has been over the pernicious custom
of contracting on newspaper quotations, and
when this is abolished .we shall probably have
more stable Quotations.
Receipts were 29.300 pounds, 15 tubs and
- — kega of Butter, — — pounds of Eastern
Butter, 847 cases of Egga, cases of Eastern
Eggs, 4550 pounds of California Cheese.
pounds of Oregon Cheese and 30,000 pounds of
Eastern Cheese. ••-¦¦-
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— To-day's statement
of the general balance,' exclusive of the $150,
000,000 gold^ reserve in. the ¦. division of re
demption, shows : '-?•:•, ¦ ¦¦ . \ ...
Available cash balance, $170,790,646; geld,
189,040,400. ¦ </¦ v • :,;
Condition of the Treasury.
Northern Business.
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $4 25.
Iron was quiet here. . ' . '. < . , .
tions are on ¦ foot • to .bring - about c some 1 kind
of an arrangement between Amalgamated Cop
par and ! Rio : Tintos.'— Money is easy at the
turn of the month.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
13 CO; White Geese. $1 60; Brant. 51 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers. $3@4 60.
$2@2 25; Ducks. $5@5 50 for old and $6®7 for
young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $4 50@
6; oldRoosters, $4@4 60; Fryers. $4@5; Broil
ers, $4@5 for large and $3@4 for small; Pig-eons.
SI 50® 1 75 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75
for Squabs. -. - .-¦ ¦¦ ¦¦-•¦¦¦ • ¦ -•
THE 5AN FRANCISCO CALL; StTND A Y, ?, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD,
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Forty.
39
. :i .¦•-.,. • S
STATIONS, ~
Astoria ......SO. 04
Baker ..SO. 38
Carson 29.96
Eureka 30.00
Fresno 30.16
Flagstaff 30.10
Pocatello, Ida.S0.46
Independence .30.04
IjOS Angeles ...30.14
Phoenix 30. IS
Portland 30.10
Red Bluff ...30.10
Roscburg: ....30.00
Sacramento ..30.12
Fait I^ake 30.34
San Franelsco.30.12
P. L. Oblspo...30.20
San Diego 30.12
Seattle 30.10
Spokane 30.36
Xeah Ear 30.04
Walla Walla. 30. 34
M'inr.emucca .30.10
Tumi 30.16
K K O
£5 Sf£ 1\
: c : g ?¦?
: 5 : 3 : a
14 S8 NE~
14 0 N\V
C2 26 W
64 40 SW
«5 30 6W
36 30 NW
14 —2 BE
50 22 SE
60 38 W
56 32 SIV
32 2R K
60 32 S
42 36 W
E2 34 SE
86 18 SE
50 40 SE
64 36 W
66 40 SW
40 28 N
12 —2 E
34 32 E
10 4 SW'
36 16 N
CO 22 XE
¦ I: !
r ?
Oear .03
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
Rain .20
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .04
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .O3
Rain .04
Cloudy .14
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .04
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
, Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
. :i .¦•-.,. • S
STATIONS, ~
Astoria ......SO. 04
Baker ..SO. 38
Carson 29.96
Eureka 30.00
Fresno 30.16
Flagstaff 30.10
Pocatello, Ida.S0.46
Independence .30.04
IjOS Angeles ...30.14
Phoenix 30. IS
Portland 30.10
Red Bluff ...30.10
Roscburg: ....30.00
Sacramento ..30.12
Fait I^ake 30.34
San Franelsco.30.12
P. L. Oblspo...30.20
San Diego 30.12
Seattle 30.10
Spokane 30.36
Xeah Ear 30.04
Walla Walla. 30. 34
M'inr.emucca .30.10
Tumi 30.16
K K O
£5 Sf£ 1\
: c : g ?¦?
: 5 : 3 : a
14 S8 NE~
14 0 N\V
C2 26 W
64 40 SW
«5 30 6W
36 30 NW
14 —2 BE
50 22 SE
60 38 W
56 32 SIV
32 2R K
60 32 S
42 36 W
E2 34 SE
86 18 SE
50 40 SE
64 36 W
66 40 SW
40 28 N
12 —2 E
34 32 E
10 4 SW'
36 16 N
CO 22 XE
¦ I: !
r ?
Oear .03
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
Rain .20
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .04
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .O3
Rain .04
Cloudy .14
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .04
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
, Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
5^>
Just Arrived — 72 head of the finest Work and
Wagon Horses - ever shipped to this market.
Weight from 1150 to 1500 lbs., all broke to
drive. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES
$* jfia- £*
Great Sale ot Thoroughbreds
and Trotting Stock/
EIGHTY HEAD OF STALLIONS. MARE3,
COLTS AND FILLIES, FROM THB "
SONOMA STOCK FARM.
Notice Is hereby given that under authority
of an order of Court, made December 30. 1001,
J. B. Walden Jr., administrator of the Estate
of James B. Chase, deceased, will sell at pub-
lic auction -
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1902. at 10 A. M..
AT STOCK YARDS, 1732 MARKET ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
all the great thoroughbred producing brood
mares, stallions, yearlings two. three and four
year old colts and fillies (sisters and brothers to
winners), including the stallion Dare by Imp.
Darebln, and the mares Marigold. Centella,
Mischief, Catallna Rebecca and many others
all royaly bred In producing lines. Also 20 head
of well bred trotters.
Catalogues now ready. Stock at yard Friday.
January 31.
W. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer,
, 1733 Market St., San Francisco.
£a AUCTION SALE £&
THURSDAY. FEB. 6* 1902. AT 11 A. M.
AT STEIN'S STABLE. 712 BROADWAY,
NEAR STOCKTON ST.
Of 40 head BROKE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES, weighing from 1100 to 1600: S
broken mules, consigned by JONES RANCH.
SONOMA COUNTY: also 8 BUGGIES. 1 SUR-
REY, 1 HACK and a number of single an4
double work and driving harness In good order.
Stock now at yard.
W. H. HORD. Livestock Auctioneer.