MINNEAPOLIS, ' Dec. 31.— Judge
William Lochren of the United
I States Circuit Court to-day dls
. .solved the temporary injunc
:. tion issued yesterday in the
case of Peter Power against the North
ern Pacific Railway Company by .Judge
•Elliott of the District Court of Hennepin
County. .. - • •
-:" The injunction which was dissolved by!
the order of • Judge Lochren restrained
.the Northern Pacific ¦ from issuing any
evidences' of indebtedness to retire the
preferred .stock of the company, or to re
tire the preferred stock in any other man
ner than by the use of the surplus net
earnings of the; road. It also restrained
the. Northern Pacific and its officers from
entering into 'any agreement or ' doing
any,;act by which the road would be
consolidated or ' merged, through the me
dium' of , the Northern Securities Com
pany, with the Great . Northern and the
Burlington, or either of ..them. '¦ > ¦¦
Bef uses to Stay Proceedings.
After the decision was made oral\y by
3 Judge Lochren :at~ the; close .of "a day's
argument by the attorneys f or,both , sides
an efforts Was ; made by plaintiff's at
torneys to have "the': court' fix. the amount
of bond which would.be required in order
to appeal from the decision and to stay
all . further ; proceedings V in ; the j lower
: court. pending: the •appeal.'- Judge
ren S refused to allow; a supersedeas bond
in any /amount to ; be . given.' 'Attorney
W. A. Lancasler, representing Mr. Pow
er,, the plaintiff,; asked ": in court: . - .
"Does your..' Honor., mean : to: say .;'.. that
1 the •: damage 'which ; would ' "result" to^ the
.Northern r Pacific. Railway.' Company if an
¦ appeal; from .your order dissolving . the
temporary,; injunction was .taken -;;- and a
Supersedeas' '<¦ bond ? ;* proceedings
-.were • filed 'would • be j so great that .a bond
VcouidVnpti.be given -large ;'enpugh"* to' reim
fb'uisel the i'-, : \ v'&*^ 'i* • ? ?
"-'! 'As"' the Question,; et- granting : a • super-
Judge William Lochren Makes a Ruling
Which Is Declared to Settle the Legality
ofthe Proposed Consolidation of Roads
sedeas." the Judge replied, "is discre
tionary with the court, I decline to per
mit the staying of the proceeding or the
force of the order by a supersedeas bond
on appeal." •>•*¦;
No Evidence of a Merger.
Judge Lochren held that the Northern
Pacific was acting within the authority of
its charter, of the contract entered into
between it and its stockholders, as Incor
porated In the certificate of preferred
stock and of the agreement entered Into
on November 13 in attempting to retire the
$75,000,000 of preferred stock In the manner
alleged by Power.'
He held that railroad corporations could
not do indirectly what the law "prevented
them doing directly and that any method
by which consolidation of two or more
competing parallel Iine3 would be brought
about would be illegal and a writ of In
junction would He to restrain the consum
mation of the plan; but that there was
nothing in the case as presented to htm
that would indicate that the stockholders
of the Northern Pacific Railway Company
were attempting such a consolidation or
merger. HE9
The case was transferred late last night
by the Northern Pacific from the State
to the FederalCourt and an order to show
cause, returnable this morning, why the
temporary injunction granted by Judge
Elliott should not be dissolved, was ob
tained from Judge Lochren and served
late last night upon Powers* attorney.
The answer of the defendant was filed, in
the District Court and the order removing
the same to the Federal Court was served
from Judge Brooks of the Hennepin Dis
trict Court.* ¦;.'-'¦ •
Hill Not Caught Napping.
The Northern Pacific's answer was .a
lengthy document of thiriy-two type
written pages and ostensibly was pre
pared on a few hours' notice. All of tha
legal staff of the railway was on hand at
the calling of the case ln Judge Lochren's
court this morning. They ' were C. W.
Bunn, Frank Kellogg aad Former Judga
Young of St.- Paul. Bunn admitted in hla
argument that he and his colleagues wero
well prepared to, argue the case and had
hot been caught by surprise.
• Representing, Power were George A.
Lamb of Lamb & Guernsey, New York;
Mr.' Moore of Buckley, Gray & Moore,
Chicago, and Attorneys Lancaster, Belden
and Boutell of 'Minneapolis.
Power's - attorneys to-night authorized
the statement that the fight had just com
menced and that they would appeal to the
United States Supreme Court.
Counsel Claim Big Victory. \
Judge. Lochren, in his decision, makes
a ruling which the attorneys of J. J. Hill
maintain settles the question of the le
gality of the proposed merger. Said the
court; * x '
-"It the Northern Pacific Railroad never
thought of consolidation, but to pay oft
the preferred stockholders and issue
common stock, it had authority to >do.
that, and that of Itself would certainly
have no tendency toward consolidation.
"It is claimed that it would place cer
tain persons who are alleged to be ma
nipulating these stocks with a view to
consolidation or merger in a position in
which they would be enabled to carry
out their schemes better than if there was
not a retiring of the preferred stock. That
is asserted. I do not see that it very
clearly, appears from any of the facts
that are set forth.
"The mere scheme of retiring of tha
preferred stock could be carried out just
as* fully if .\ for instance, the" Northern
Securities Company had never been
thought of. The same persons who own
the common stock now own it without any
reference to the Northern Securities
Company. .
"It Is not very clear t to me why they '
could not manage these three companies
with as much reference to doinfc away
with competition without any such com
pany bting formed as with it. If tha same
persons own all or substantially all 6t the
stock "of both companies, I do not. see tha
necessity, of forming that company sim
ply for the purpose of carrying that pur
pose, out.- They might do it just as well
without it. V
"But I do not ' see that the retiring of
the preferred stock has anything to do of
itself, naturally, with the formation ot
the Northern Securities Company; If that
is an Illegal conception. Of Itself the re
tirement of the . stock Is a lawful pur
pose, something that might properly be
done."
GOVERNORS _ TO GIVE BATTLE.
Decide to Bring Suits to Prevent Bail
way Cqnsolidation.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. ' 31.— A deflnita
plan of action to defeat the proposed con
solidation of the Northern Pacific, Great
Northern and Burlington Railway systems
was i to-day unanlmousjy agreed upon by
the Governors ¦ and Attorneys . General of
five Northwestern State3 in . which those
roads have mileage." Legal action will be
Instituted r immediately. In the Minnesota
courts with this object -in view, and, to
quote Attorney General Douglass of
Minnesota, "the thing will be fought to
a finish." J
Just how, when 'or where these suits
will be brought, neither Governor Van
Sant of Minnesota nor \Attorney General
Douglass would state. The conference ad
journed late this afternoon after adopting
resolutions condemning the proposed
merger as contrary to sound public "policy
- '¦ : - " -' • ¦•-->:- -f-<
Continued on Page T w«, ; j5^ ; r,*
Castro's hold upon his country .by unit- ..
ing Venezuelan . national feeling against
Germany. .
It Is understood _ at the . Foreign' Omce. .
here that the United States, is^not only .
tolerant, of Germany's -purposes "toward "
Venezuela, but pleased that Germany and
not the United States Is to undertake- to
discipline Venezuela into paying her debts
and keeping -faith with foreigners 'doing:
business there. - . . .(%<
Te Deums Are Sung in ] AH .of the r
Churches in ' Rome at '
Midnight / -V
Bpeclal Cahle to The Call and New/ Tork. Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the ¦ Herald Pub
lishing Company. _.'•-; :
ROME. Dec. SL— Pope Leo Is apparently.,
enjoying. his customary good health^ He
celebrated mass this -evening in honor of
the end of • the year/ \ At midnight Te |
Deums were eung in all the churches. A
POPE CELEBRATES \ MASS
IN HONOR OF DYING \ YEAR
J. P. Morgan & Co.-; Follows the
Firm's Custom at the Close. of I
the Year. i
NEW YORK, v Dec.. 2L— In accordance,
wltjj the firm's custom at the close of a
prosperous year J. P. Morgan &.' Co. to
day made - a cash New -Year's - gift to the
employes of the . firm. .. In . the '. aggregate
the eift amounted to about $100,000. The.
distribution : averaged 75 per cent of c the -
yearly salary of "each employe. ' The older *,
employes got 100 per cent,- while-tbose who
had come more ..recently . intb^seKice^of • '
the firm cot less. ..-:/• -J' - -¦¦' ', : .-: ' i '. ';'¦:'¦'.'.'¦'
HEW { YEAR'S GIFT OF CASH ;
TO ALL THEIB; EJaTLOYES
AGREEMENT WITH GERMANY.
, Kaiser Acting in Pull Accord With
American Attitude.
WASHINGTON, -D. C. Dec 31.—Presi
dent Castro will forcibly resist German
of .the Venezuelan custom
house. All doubt as to the attitude be
•will adopt in case Germany attempts to
carry out the programme she has an
"ncunced to the United States has been
; swept aElde ' by declarations made by
Venezuelan officials to Minister Bowen,
; representing: this Government in Caracas.
Unless President Castro is overthrown
by the revolution now""' in progress or
Minister Bowen's suggestions are adopt
ed Germany will be compelled to use
lorce to maintain herself in La Guayra.
ln view of President Castro*s * known
[ ability as a general Venezuelans In
Washington assert that the few hundred
German marines who will be landed will
be unable to ho'd La Guayra, even un
der the guns of their men of warJ Ad
ministration officials say that German
prestige will necessitate a full settlement
tf the claims presented by the Berlin
Government and this may lead to the
landing of a large force at La Guayra
or some other port. Thus will the United
States, officials apprehend, be drawn into
ti^£ Venezuelan, complications., for the
¦ j President will probably not favor the
' landing of a strong German army on
American territory. Germany does not
desire to become embroiled with this
-country and has displayed marked con
sideration in connection with her diffi
culty with Venezuela.
- That there may be absolutely no doubt
as to the position of the United States
and Germany In Venezuelan develop-
I merits, Secretary Hay and Herr von Hol-
: v leben, the German Ambassador, have ex
" changed formal memorandums embodying
their viewE as to the attitudes of their
i respective Governments. While It is im
5 possible to obtain the text of these memo
," randums, I understand they declare:
: | Embassador von Holleben— Germany
Ef-B** no intention of permanently occupy
¦ ( ing Venezuelan territory, the taking j of
which will injuriously affect the United
States in Venezuela. It is her desire to
collect usi claims ueld by her subject?,
|rhlch .Venezuela has failed to pay, and to
this end she contemplates employing **o- I
ercive m°a*uroj. These measures will not
. o'o farther than the seizure of custom
houses and the collection of duties until
„ the sums required to satisfy the- claims
are paid or Venezuela enters into an ar
' rangem-ant under which payment will be
| rr.arj*.
Secretary Hay— Provided there tie no
.attempt at permanent acquisition of
American territory, the United States can
offer no objection to the action of Ger
: many in Venezuela. The United States
understands that as 6oon as the claims
. " ire satisfied either by payment or an ar
m rangenent for their settlement, Germany
*,will withdraw «J1 her forces from Vene
| zuelan soil.
*i President Roosevelt and Secretary Hay
'would naturally prefer that all need for
Xthe execution of the German programme
;'Vt>e removed, and acting under the instruc-
I -t'ose sent him Minister Bowen Is exerting
• ' his influence with President Castro to
I iduce that official to amicably settle his
E fficulty^with Germany. The action ot
ifrmany in postponing the time ¦when
;¦; tie will commence applying pressure to
' Venezuela Is the result of representations
Ti^ae by the United States, which believes
'here is a possibility that the revolution
- "firun under General Mendoza will suc-
Ehould Castro destroy the revolution, as
| l£te reports indicate he will do, the United
( - States must stand aside and give '.Ger
rcany | a free hand.
"WANTS CASTBO DISCIPLINED.
United States Said to Be Edging On
~t-y \, Berlin Government.
if O 7^ RLIX ' Dec- a -— Untu Dr. O. Schmldt-
the German Minister to Venezuela,
C ftrrJ f'' %£ ln Caracas, which will be about
,, January S. nothing will be done by Herr
;von' Fingrim-Baltazzl, the German Charge
/ d'affaires there, to press President Cas-
tro further. Dr. Schmidt-Leda bears In
structions from the German Government.
S^e ; carrying* out of the successive steps
I^Dutllted in these Instructions will end in
S^rocrcive measures, which probably "will
fee applied within tour or five weeks if
Mntennediate efforts shall have failed in
Kibe meantime. It is possible, however,
H&at events may shorten this period.
a Insomuch as Germany is possessed of
¦the good wttl of the United States in this
¦natter Baron ' von Richtofen. Imperial
."Secretary of Foreign Affairs, desires to
v gire President Castro a'-'-'e time to rec
"i'ornize this fact, and t .'ict also that
Sennany is really in e*A* t. Germany
Hwill not act at the mome. rheh a -for-!
i,»isn difficulty might strengthen President
r - ¦ ¦¦ :¦
' z\^^ ABACAS, Dec SL— President Cas
// tro has Issued a decree by
t \V^rf which the British steamship
'^-r^ Ban Rlgh Is declared to be a
pirate because she is carrying
. arms and ammunition for the Venezuelan
revolutionists under the leadership of
Senor Manuel A. Matos. Castro decrees
that he is ready to grant letters of
maraue to any Venezuelan or foreign
i ship -which Is willing to make an effort
to eeize the Ban Righ, and that he will
felve $10,000 and the Ban Rlgh's cargo to
eny ship which may effect capture.
VOLUME XCI.—NO 32.
VENEZUELA'S PRESIDENT
DECLARES BRITISH SHIP
BAN RIGH IS A PIRATE
Offers Letters of A^arque to Any Vessel That
Will Undertake the ' Capture of Graft
Carrying Arms for the Revolutionists
Special Cable to The Call -and the New York Herald. Copyright,, 1901,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
VICTORY OF OPPONENTS
OF THE RAILWAY MERGER
SOON TURNS TO DEFEAT
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO,^; W^
PRICE 1 FIVE CENTS.
HILL TRIUMPHS IN THE FEDERAL COURTCHICAGO. Dec. 31. — In a message received
to-day by E. A. Munger, president of the
Hamilton Club, from Rear Admiral W. 8.
Schley. th# latter definitely sets the date of
his visit to Chicago as January 25, 28, 27. '
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— William Hallett
and R. McClellan, the pound deputies
charged with stealing a herd of cows be
longing to Dairyman John C, Walker,
were this morning arraigned before Po
lice Judge Smith. The hearing of the case
was set for January 6. The men are still
confined In the City Prison, not having
been able to secure the $2000 bail. The
dead pig industry meanwhile is at a
standstill and the city is saving money.
Poundmen Still j in Prison.
LIVERMORE, Dec. 31.— Miss Louise
Kottinger, 16 years old, had a' narrow
escape from being dragged to death yes
terday afternoon. She i was sitting In a
wagon opposite Schroeder's blacksmith
shop when the horses of "a delivery
wagon belonging to George ; Beck & Co.
<ook fright and ran Into the vehicle. The
horses attached to the wagon started to
xun away and Miss Kottinger was
thrown into the street. In falling her
dress caught on the step and she was
dragged some distance through the
streets. As the horses dashed across the
railroad tracks the' seat of . the wagun
flew off and struck her dress in such a
way as to disengage it and free her. This
fortuitous pircumstance. saved her"' life,'
as there was no way, to stop the : horses
in their wild career... She received some
rruises.t but. was not ¦seriously, hurt.
Beneath Wagon and She Is
Held Powerless.
Hiss Louise Zottinger's Dress Catches
GIHL 1TARH0WI/Y ESCAPES
BEING DRAGGED TO DEATH
<; ST. ; PAUL, \ Dec. 31.— General Superin
tendent •F.T E;. Ward of the 1 Great North
ern, '¦'¦;. P. v M.-, 'Arthur, grand : chief '< of ' the
Brotherhood' of Engineers,, arid J. J.'.Han
nahan, first vice grand master, of j the fire
men , met I at I the Great I Northern ! building
to-day to. sign. the agreement between the
company and the ; engineers . and : firemen,
whi Jh • . was i practically '. •. completed . .; this
morning. : ,The new • agreement grants an
Increase . in , wages , to • both ,; engineers and
firemen, recognizing the; contention of the
men that \ work :on; the '¦ new; and large -en
gines -* is. -worth more ', than - the other
scales..- Vh-i..: ¦ .-„¦ • ,^, ; •¦ t,^-, - .
Mew '-.Wage '.-Schedule Is; Signed.
Ashore and Will Be Completely
Wrecked. V
Norwegian Steamship Hero Is Driven
HEAVY NORTHERN GALE \ .'
CAUSES . DAMAGE AT COLON
Trustees Order Owners of Abandoned
Road to Show Cause Why Rights
Are Not Lost- ;
BERKELEY. Dec 3L— The Town Trus
tees have ordered the owners of the street
railroad franchise between East and West
Berkeley to appear before them next
Monday evening to show cause why the
f ranchfse should not be forfeited. Trus
tee Dowd brought up the matter last
night. He called attention to the fact that
the roadbed had been torn up for several
months and that there were no indica
tions of the road being rebuilt. Trustee
Staats believed that the abandonment of
the road was a forfeiture, but it was de
cided to give the present owners, who
presumably represent the Oakland Transit
Company, a nnal opportunity to make use
of the property.
The franchise was formerly held by the
Clarempnt, University and Ferries street
rallroaa, a horse car line, but it was sold
recently and it was thought that an elec
tric line would be put in. The oWett in
calling the owners before the boa.rd is to
discover whether this will be done.
Unitarians Petition to Mortgage.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— Permission is
asked by the Unitarian church In a -peti
tion filed tor-day tt» mortgage Its property
to the American Unitarian Association
for $4000. The church owes $3887 80 to
the Oakland Bank of Savings and by
liquidating that debt can borrow from
the association without Interest. The pe
tition is drawn in the name of John P.
Irish, as chairman, and J. W. : Stetson,
as secretary, of the church board of
trustees.
CHRISTIAXIA. Dec. 31.— Several of the rall
way5 in Norway have been blocked by snow
for over a. week.
Listen to Papers on ", Coast
Formations.
GEOLOGISTS CLOSE THEIR
THIRD. ANmTAIi SESSION
Members of the I Cordilleran Section
BERKELEY. Dec. 31.— The last meetins
of the third annual session of; the Cordil
leran section of the Geological Society of
America was held to-dayat the Univer
sity of California, in room 34, South Hall.
Several papers .were read, dealing princi
pally with the geological , formation of
this coast, and particularly , this State.
To-day's session ended the third annual
meeting of the section. .
H: W. Fairbanks of this 'city presented
a paper on Lake Chelan, Washington, '. de
scribing it as one of the most remarkable
bodies of fresh water In the West. The
lake is in the Cascade range and la sixty
miles long and from, one to two wide. Its
depth is 1400 feet, the bottom being below
the sea. level. . .
. Professor A'. C. | Lawson of the mineral
ogy and geology departments at Berke
ley spoke of the geological* formation of
the coast ranges in the vicinity of . San
Francisco Bay. The talk was the result
of recent studies. . •
Dr. J. C. Merriam presented a paper by.
F. C. Calkins of this city on, petrography
of the John Day basin, in Oregon. -. A
paper by Ralph -Arnold; of Stanford Unl
verfclty on ' the pllestocene'. 1 bt ¦ Southern
California was also presented by Dr.
Merriam. .-! • - : :
1 Dr. A. S.Eakle,. instructor in mineralogy
at : the - - State University discussed
colemanite, giving a minute crystallo
graphic-description of the- mineral. 1 .Dr.
Kakle In recent - study* has . discovered
eight -new. forms of „ colmanlte. .These
were described : by him. He also told of
the method ;of measuring; crystals by
means; of the two-circle goniometer, a
new instrument constructed for that pur
pose ; and ¦ which," it" Is ¦ supposed, will en
tirely change the methods of . reckoning
crystallography. ,;* California is one of the
few ; universities of the ; world , possessing
a goniometer. '', , - . ; >
LABORER CTTT TO PIECES
BY THE BERKELEY TRAIK
Jsmes O'Halloran, an Employe of th*
Southern Pacific Company, Killed :¦ .
;-'- ; ;.- : 'V •'¦¦¦' "at the Mole. '
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— James' O'Halloran,
a laborer In; the ; employ ¦ of: the* Southern
Pacific Company,', was " this" evening -', run
over, by v the 6 :45 ( Berkeley local ! train and
instantly ; killed. '% Hte ¦ tiody > was.; cut ' into
pieces and scattered from -tower 2,; where
the train hit him, to the depot, Where one
of his legs was picked'Up. — • •».- ,, ¦' .». i : .'. t
' O'Halloran . was . single and has .been ' in
the employ, of > the .railroad about twenty
years. . , He leaves ; In' Oakland a brother,
Morris O'Halloran, and -a sister, Mrs.
Mary Nolan. ;-: .
V Daniel. O'Keefe, a : brother-in-law, • iden
tified the remains at : the - Morgue c this
evening." .>• He ; says he met 'O'Halloran
about - 6 o'clock i* near j- the * Railroad " Ex
change, ! Cedar, and Seventh streets, where
the latter; lived. 1 .;• O'Halloran' wasVsober,*
O'Keefe says, and" expressed his ; intention
of taking a walk as j far, as the ¦ mole.':' ¦;:¦•
• An - inquest - will : be ? held - Thursday/ by
Coroner Mehrmann. >^ : ¦ ; • :
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec. 31— The Cali
fornia Teachers' Association, which was
opened . here ' yesterday, began regular
work to-day with a greatly lrf^reased at
tendance. "The work of the morning was
done in the departments. ¦
,'_ The most important departmental work
was that of * the committee on nature
study, of which Dr. O.P. Jenkins, pro
fessor of physiology at Stanford Uni
versity, is chairman. The high school de
partment also held an important session
this morning, papers being read by weil
known State educators.
Thi executive committee of the Califor
nia ¦ Council \ of Education held an im
portant ' meeting this morning- and took
action indorsing the recommendation of
State Superintendent of Schools Kirk tnat
the three most Important educational
needs at the present time are: First, the
adoption of the pending constitutional
amendment No. 4, giving State recognition
and. providing for some State aid to high
schools; second, a legislative enactment
giving the State Board of Education
power and means to provide for better
school text books; third, the adoption. of
a compulsory > school attendance law.' * .
This committee also elected the follow
ing persons as members of the Council of
Education to fill vacancies caused by ex.
piratlon of terms: Dr. O. P. Jenkins,
Stanford University; James A. Foshay,
superintendent Los Angeles schools, both
re-elected; A. E. Shumate. San Jose, High
School. -to- succeed -F. L. H eaten of the
University of California.
Promotion of Bailroad Employes.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 31.— F. E. Prior,
assistant superintendent to John A. Muir,
superintendent of the Lo« Angeles divi
sion of the Southern Paianc, has been
promoted to he superintendent of the Sac
ramento division.. Thomas McCaffery,
who was for a number of years chief dis
patcher at the Arcade depot, will become
trainmaster. Prior's duties in this divi
sion will be assumed by E. 1*. Swain, resi
dent ' engineer and- head. of. the mainten
ance and way department.
!¦- Governor Van Sant and: most of the
other ¦ State officials who have been pres
ent at the conference left late to-night for
their , homes. Governor ' Van - Sant" ex
pressed himself as . much -. gratified over
the lesult of the meeting, which had been
requested by him. : ..- •: •-¦ , , .-,
'¦'¦-". "So ; far;: as I?; am concerned, " ! "saJd 1 he
after the meeting adjourned, "I:am:thor
oughly J satisfied • with ' . the work * of I the
meeting. . It accomplished * all 5 that could
be desired. .. I am very much pleased." ¦ •
and pledging support to any proper legal
action which may be brought to test its
validity. Other resolutions adopted call
on Congress to investigate the subject and
favor the granting of power to the Inter
state . Commerce -' Commmisslon to fix
maximum rates upon Interstate . business.
The first resolution is as follows: . .
"In our opinion -the consolidation or
threatened consolidation of _ the Great
Northern, | Northern Paciflc and - Burling
ton railway system in the several States
through which they run as parallel and
competing lines is contrary to sound pub
lic policy, and also, with the exception of
Idano, is in violation of: the constitutions
or laws of .said States; and, mindful of
the obligation which the law Imposes r in
such cases upon the officials of. the several
States hero represented, we hereby give
our unqualified approval and Indorse
men to any proper . and suitable
proceedings '-v. which- - may ; be ;¦¦ instituted
in any. court ' havlns jurisdiction by
the sovereign : State v of.' Minnesota
or any other State affected thereby, de
signed and intended -to speedily and final
ly test and determine the validity of such
consolidation or threatened consolidation,
and to that end we hereby pledge our
earnest, co-operation; and, further,- we
unanimously protest against any combina
tion or consolidation which restricts .or
stifles 5 free competition in . the -, trade i or
commerce of the country."
-This resolution .' was unanimously
adopted. - Governor Herreid of South .-Da
kota left for his home before action was
taken, but rough drafts of the resolutions
were presented to him before he departed
and, ' it is understood, I he favored , them.
The second resolution, .which was a sub
stitute ' for < the ? one . offered by . Governor
Hunt of, Idaho along- the same lines, was
as follows: ¦ •¦/:• - ;. J !
¦ "Whereas, a consolidation of the great
transcontinental 1 railway lines has • been
accomplished or ; threatened, .which, in the
opinion of the members of this conference,
is inimical to the public welfare; therefore
belt . : ¦;. ."?:¦¦ " : " ¦'''¦ •'-:-". '¦ •¦:':.•; ¦'¦¦.¦
VResolved— First: That the Congress of
the ¦ United States ¦ be » and hereby .; is re
quested to investigate the general- subject
and take suitable. action thereon; Second,
that power should be granted to the Inter
state. Commerce" Commission to fix. maxi
mum; rates upon f interstate traffic and to
regulate the samei third, : that a > copy i of
these . resolutions :•. be - forwarded to • . the
Senators and Representatives In' Congress
of tfcft States here represented.". .-:¦> ¦ ¦- ¦
¦ The Canadian Pacific fought the charter
granted the ; Great , Northern - for building
to Crows Nest Pass, but this work is go
ing on and i will : be completed in a short
time. This road starts from -Jennings,
Mont., follows the Kootenal River closely
and will tap the Crows Nest line at Elko.
Frorn, there the Great Northern will have
running privileges over Crows Nest road
to the coal fields at Fernie and Mitchell.
This will stimulate the production of, coal
and coke. . •; "' '¦-.''¦¦ ,"¦ '¦¦ *¦¦•"<"**
-The Great Northern has another branch
running from Bonners Ferry. > Idaho, to
Kuskanook, where connections are | made
by steamer with Nelson and also with the
Kaslo and „ Slocan Railway running- rrom
Kaslo to Sandon In the heart of the great
silver-lead producing section of Kootenai.
The acquisition of the Spokane Falls and
Northern, Nelson and Fort Shephard, and
the Columbia and Kootenal railways,!for
merly known as the Corbin system, gave
the ' Great Northern j more * than , an . equal
share with; the Canadian < Pacific Railway
In' the same , fields. Farther, west In the
Boundary Creek country all kinds of op
position is being manifested by. the Cana
dian ; Paciflc not ' only^ to '• prevent further
extension into that territory, but to an
nul that part of their charter which gives,
opposition roads running privileges i over
Canadian Paciflc lines. ¦ < "
TACOMA, Wash., Dec 3L— The aggres
sive attitude of the Great Northern Rail
road in British Columbia has awakened
the ire of the Canadian Pacific, which is
said to be throwing obstacles in the way
of further , encroachments upon what it
has come to regard as its exclusive terri
tory. - ; ¦ .' - ¦ -:-¦.-'-¦¦' \ ¦¦ .
: Notwithstanding -this,' branches are be
ing constructed and new sections, which
the Canadian Paciflc Railroad was dila
tory in opening up, are being made avail
able., When the work now In hand is com
pleted the j Great Northern^ through its
branches, will ; have a greater hold upon"
the commerce of British Columbia' than
its rival, ; '
Continued From Page One.
Gr6at Northern : Move
; " Alarms Canadian
Pacific. ¦
Recommendations Made
by Educators at
Pacific Grove.
of the hand given in haste to the passer
by.
Chief of . Police Wittman in his ex
cathedra orders revolutionized the night.
Ruffianism, hoodlumism and all their
f amil j' were lacking in last night's cele
bration. Despite the frivolity, the car
nival of spirit, all went merrily on the
streets. No branches of trees "were waved
in the faces of the promenaders. The
crowd thickened until the New Year was
reached. Then the horns blasted ! in wile
acclaim, and with the shouts of the mul
titude the noise reached its pinnacle. San
Francisco was in the throes of that great
moment when the bells ring out the old
and ring in the new. The year 1902, her
alded by Its whistles. . bells and eccentric
noises, had come. . The first lap of the
century had. been run and the crowd went
wild with its welcome to the new cham
pion, 1902. ,
MAY HAVE FORFEITED
CAB. U3TE FBANCHISE
HE first Ian of the new century
£ has been run and San Francisco,
I with its carnival coating, has been
Jl • whirled into the keeping of the year
1302. From 7 o'clock last evening
until the hour when the new year came
the populace, thronging the streets,
'' "counted ten" on 1901 and made obei
sance to the second year of a new century.
New Year's eve in San Francisco has for
some time past been an occasion for fes
tival celebration. The great majority,
promenading the streets, has made a car
nival of the prelude to new resolutions
and to r.ew ideas. Swearing off h*s be
come an annual habit as v/ell as the vio
lation of it. Down the line they coureed.
tin horns and trumpets in hand, making
night glorious with the shouts and noises
of celebration. Masks, dominos. elon
[ gated nasal appendages, continuous mus-
HILL TRIUMPHS IN FEDERAL COURT
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— Formal an
nouncement was made to-day that J. P.
Morgan &~Co. would purchase at par all
Northern Pacific preferred shares pre
sented at their office. The firm has bought
50,000 shares. - ' ,' '
Morgan Buys the Stock.
A horn was the talisman, and its sound:;
read a story of general friendship. The
people were tuned to the night and a
happy new year came with the confetti
that was thrown in the face, or the grasp
taches and the grotesque dressings of a
masquerade ball were all called into.ac
tion. The promenade was indeed a pro
cession of thickened humanity—royster
ing, laughing, good-natured and thor
oughly attuned to time and circumstance.
Market street, the main thoroughfare cf
the. city, was packed with a howling,
hooting, happy '- community J early in the
evening. Horns, trumpets, trombones,
cymbals, all were worked with sonorous
effect past the midnight hour. Men and
women, tramping up and down the streets,
fell Into line. - All the world was akin.
Salutation by strangers, without a touch
of vulgarity or familiarity, was made
common.
BETTER BOOKS
ARE DEMANDED
SAMPLES OF THE STRANGE LOOKING INDIVIDUALS WHO WERE LIBERALLY SPRINKLED THROUGH
THE THRONGS THAT PARADED MARKET STREET ALL NIGHT, BIDDING A NOISY FAREWELL. TO
THE OLD YEAR AND WELCOMING THE NEW. ' - * vl
Carnegie Wins the Suit.
t'GDINBURGH, Dec 31.— The Edinburgh
Court of Sessions has given Judgment In
favor of Andrew Carnegie In the suit
brought by Evan Charles Sutherland to
set aside the sale of Sklbo Castle.
Safety Deposit Bank. She was educated
at the Notre. Dame College in this city.
Mr. Leet was reared in Modesto, educat
ed at Oakland and Js now the partner of
James W. Rea In the real estate f and In-;
surance business. ' . ¦•>•.«
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Dec. SI.— The
elections passed off to-day without nota
ble Incident in the district. The Nation
alist was the only ticket in the field and
consequently it was elected. Very few
votes were cast in the city and little in
terest was shown in the proceedings.
Quiet Election in Cuba.
CAPTIVES OF CUPID \ IN IN
TERESTING "WEDDING AT
THE YEAR'S END.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. SL— The four
masted steel bark Asie capsized this
morning at 8:30 o'clock Just as the lastof
her ballast was being swept out. The
Asie was tied up at Davidge dock and
was preparing to take on a cargo or
wheat The vessel toppled over on the
dock and her masts were broken to
Pieces If she can be held in her present
position it is believed she can be righted
without much damage.
Capsizes at the Dock.
RAILROAD MEN
ARE ALL ASTIR
Only the immediate members of the
two families were present. ' Miss Rose
Shea, daughter of- James Shea of San
Francisco, i acted as bridesmaid, - and G.
B.Leet, brother of the gromo, was best
man. Immediately following \ the cere
mony the couple were driven to •¦ the train
and started on their bridal, tour. They
go direct to New York, thence to New
Orleans, Washington, and via Niagara
to Chicago, and. home via the. Northern
route. The tour ¦will ¦ taSe about • six
weeks.' '" ' ~*'\ '--~''x' '.• r'\- <-.-• .
Mrs. W. J. Leet is the. only
r f Edward McLaughlih,- president of the
Father Gieason of St. Joseph's parish,
and the Rev. Father Madden of Modesto.
yc& AN JOSE; Dec. 31.— The marriage
|L^ ..-, of W. J. L*'et and Miss Winifred
" _ **^J McLaughliri, two popular and
. &miP prominent young people of the
Garden . City, took .place' thfs
morning at 10 o'clock in' St. Patrickls
Church. The ceremony was performed
by j the Rev. Father Walsh, assisted by
the Rev. Father Maguire.- High ; mass
w~a,s celebrated. . Among the prominent
people present were: Father, Colloty, San
Francisco; the Rev. R. E. Kenna, presi
dent: of Santa Clara College; the Rev.
Postmaster In a Town Near Spokana
the Perpetrator of Double
Tragedy.
SPOKANE, Wash... Dec. SL— A double
tragedy took place" thl3 morning at Way
side, fifteen miles north of this city.
George Vroman, postmaster and a lead-
Ing merchant, shot his rt*-/**™ 1 *
daughter and then shot himself. Both
died I in Ta Jew minutes without making
any statement as to the cause.
Vroman's wife secured a divorce from
him last week on a charge of cruelty, ana
the two daughters were awarded to her
custody. It Is thought Vroman brooded
over this and the tragedy is the result.
MXTBDEBS HIS UHJl«T> - ' ' - '
AND COMMITS * S U 1CID3
Special Dispatch_to The Call.
vAwrouVEK, B. C. Dec. 31.— A daW
t Jd^?a?temptto murder Superintendent
Fluids of Se Alexandria Colliery wa£
a i«t nilht three shots being flr^d
would-be assassin thought the family was
8l The S 'bullets, which were fired from a
f S wero found embedded in the w^
U the room. So careful was the aim
taken that two of the bullets passed
through one pane of glass. Alpxan
has been closed either because of strike
the course pursued by Faalds as superto
te A?7he present time the mine is closed
for the reason, the men say, lhat Faulds
has refused absolutely to treat with them.
A settlement of differences was recently
the efforts <>* the assist
ant superintendent of the mine, but
Faulds did not like this arrangement, and
the mine has been closed ever since j Sev
eral threats have been made to kill the
unpopular superintendent and the leeUns
Zg the miners is worked up to a high
pitch. ¦
DENVER. Dec. 31.— The Chicago. Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad Company
this afternoon filed a certificate of capital
stock with the Secretary of State. Its
capital is $100,000,000 and the fees paid to
the State of Colorado were $30,030.
The next witness, Thomas Howell, tes
tified relative; to conversations he had
about the arresting of Hall, Wilson and
others and of Frank -Hall's escape..- He
stated that he was told that while they
were riding along Frank Hall reached
over and slipped the hackamore off his
horse and started the horse running, but
Claude Brown, a half-brother of the de
fendant, who was with the arresting par
ty, overtook him. Hall fell into a ditch,
with Isom Kades on top of him. - Eades
held him in the ditch, which was partly
filled with water, until he gave up.
The witness never heard any talk in
Lookout about hanging the men. He
stated that Robert Leventon, a co-de
fendant, had told him that they had found
stolen property and were going to arrest*
the whole family, and Leventon also told
him that they put a. strap around the
"kid's" neck r (Martin Wilson) and threat
ened to hang him unless he told where
the stolen stuff was, and that Wilson told
them the stuff was under Jim Hall's bed:
Martin Wilson" was generally known aa
"the kid" of the family.
Burlington Files Certificate.
The Ride With Hall.
'': On 'one a lawyer was : t;old f tb.
get* out* of the* courtroom."':' During "'all 1 of
the session there could be no''-- mistaking
- the bitter feeling that troubles ?.the * dIoou
of -the Modoc wltnesses/i and'-a prophet
who cannbtv forecast disturbances in this
region at an ; early, date: has , •; : certainly
missed 'his 'vocation. '. .¦•¦*£'. *" -";'.
; . ' Threat by a fitness. '¦¦[ 7 ¦
- Charles Lambert was , "again ¦ on <' the
stand." ;He testified that he was: followed
last night, by C.B.Gibson,: for the defense,
who wanted to. know what^his testimony
had I been. Het stated that- Gibson told
him that Raker had said last '.night : that>
h* "had the witness over a barrel." Here
the- witness became*ahgry and' said: .' >.' <;
¦ "When you get me over a. barrel/ John-!
ny Raker, be careful you doii't : get',under..
the barrel. yourself." v - ¦--••¦#¦'•.-. ; ;-- '.-".- :':¦¦. ¦ r >^\
The witness, stated- "th'at.-he did not like.
Raker, and'Raker remarked: -?;• : ¦¦ ¦*-.- '
"Yes, and that'sbecause you. embezzled
some mone^ down there,^ iand ¦ I* went after
you."; •; ; ¦ i r.»i» / 'i. •'¦' ' : - ''.'•-¦'•/•',• ¦¦-•''
At this point ;th'e court ordered -Raker
out- of the courtroom for insulting- the
witness and took a recess of; tif teen min-;
utes, after /which Raker, came 'back; into
the courtroom and '. business was resumed.
; The witness ; stated- that the defendant
said that he fired four shots. on the night,
of, the lynching. This is contradictory of
Ayers* statement: that three shots were
tired. Lambert then said that a man
named Rowley asked Brown, the defend
ant, why he had not been prepared for
the mob, and that Brown replied that he
was -afraid he might hurt some of his
friends or neighbors, and he preferred los
ing the lives of the prisoners to shedding
the blood of his friends. He said the rea
son that he did not tear the sack dis
guise off the face of one of the mob was
because he was afraid of losing his life.-; ¦¦[
> ALTURAS, Dec: 31.— The promise -of a
sensation in the . Lookout.. lynching^caee
tvhl? very, probably,, be realized.:' Thelaw
yers and \ witnesses showed something of
their temper, to-day, and Judge HafringT
tonvhadVa- delicate task in keeping the
belligerent persons' within 'their tactical
diameter of decorum. " , . . * . : . . '\ . * : ,,
Special Dispatch to 'The Call: .. " .
. ;• ,'-'- • - ¦-:';"
Temper of the Modoc County
People Promisfes a^
.•;¦ • ,, Sensation. -'" . "*-*~V"
Labor Troubles in British
( Columbia Start Orimi
/Js- nal Work.
Superior Judge j in Al
¦ turas Has . Some
¦ More Trouble: •
Attempt Is Made to Mur
der a Mine Super
> intendent.
ORDERS LAWYER
OUT OF COURT
Ca n va Fpv-.t R j e s on Principal Thoioinh^re rf Gity and
Will Ciu 1 Fci<*-ne*s Surging Throngs- La gh a Death of
he Cycle's Fir B if n and Sho ; jt: Loud Ho-an 1 " a< o th - Se :ond
SECOND YEAR OF CENTURY RECEIVES
WELCOME FROM CELEBRATING PUBLIC
GARDEN CITY BELLE WEDS
IN ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH
Interesting Marriage Ceremony Takes Place
in San Jose and Many Prominent Peo
ple Make the Affair ' a- Notable One
BULLETS BREAK
THE WINDOWS
TBT5 SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1. 1902.
; COLON," Colombia ; Dec. 21 - (via : Galvcs
ton.)—^A | strong- /.'norther" • began | blowing
at 6 o'clock last evening and raised a tre
mendous'sea. The steamers," with the ex
ception Vo£ : the : Hero^ managed , \ with ' dlf
flculty,; to? 1 IeaveK their? piers i arid preach
Porto ;• Bello." The -'Hero r (a i Norwegian
vessel; Captain Petersen, ' I rom Baltimore
December 12,: for Colon), -having. on board,
a cargo, of coal, "intended for the Panama
Railroad Company, was ; driven i ashore at
Christopher, Colon during the. night. : The
vessel is now,, in a helpless condition, -y
"The ; Hero had I her cargo of about 10000
tons ' of y coal -;on -board- when; she *. went,
- ashore.» She is expected to become a total
wreck.- She ; has already ,-t lost her rudder.
The, collier.; left her, i ; pier at 3 o'clock In
the morning," but* according jto report,. for.
lack • of ' sufficient' steam ;'¦ she was > driven \
ashore. i Part- of her > crew; narrowly: es- :
caped drowning while trying to reach. the.;
i> The "Panama Railroad pier., and the Pa- !
ciflc.vMallf Company's pier are slightly ;
damaged.'. v. : '
i ¦" The : departure ; of t the Panama , Railroad
Steamship % Company's f, steamers! Orizaba. '.
hasv'been: delayed -on account of 'the:
weather ¦¦•.¦¦ ¦
2
Stops ¦ the ; Cough * ' r -
And Forks oft the cold. Laxative .Broma
Quinine - Tablets ; cure ' a cold . la ) one ; day. .-, No
Cure. No - Pay.*; Price ; 2S • cents. : . : , • -
. 3STEW APVEBTISEMENT3.
1OP IT IN THE BXTP.
First Apj>earanc8 of Dandrtiff a Fore-
runner of Future Baldness.
That such la the case has been conclu-
sively proven by scientific research. Prof.
Unna, the noted European skin special-
ist, declares that dandruff 13 the bur-
rowed-up cuticle of the scalp, caused by
parasites destroying the vitality In the
hair bulb. The hair becomes lifeless, and
in time falls out. This can be prevented.
Newbro'a Herpicide kills this dandruff
germ and restores, the hair to Its natural
softness and abundancy.
Herpicide is now used by thousands of
[people— all satisfied thai it la th*lmost
wonderful hair preparation on thV mar-
ket to-day.
MUNYOiN'S INHALER
t CATARRH
Colds, Coughs,
Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Asthma
and all Diseases
of the Throat
and Lungs.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhale* through
the month and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing «od TaporizinK all the inflamed and diseased
parts which rannot be reached by meduaae takea
into the stomach. . , .. '. '
' Jt reach?* thrtor* »pots— heals the raw places
—oops to the 9*0.1 of disease- acts as abalm and
tonic to the irhole s>jrt*»-9l.00 atdrugqiats or
bu mail • 3Iun*t*in. A eta 1 ork andFhiladelphia.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
~?C. 813 FOLSOM STREZ7.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trad* at reduced raU«.
$1000 Reward
1FWE FAIL, TO DO AS WE AGREE. SPE-
I cialists for men. As many physicians an 1
others have -nqaired reganiliig our ORIGINAL-
NEW METHOD of treatment for all trouble*.
we have -leV-d-d to demonstrate by shsnd'tsf.t-v
all who may .lesire A FREE TRIAL ITlliXXn-
MENT UNTIL FEBRUART 1ST. State Wa»:
plainly and receive plain package by fcall.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary «t. j
SAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GBEJI^ RESTORATIVE. INVlGORAi
tor and Nervine. . ¦
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic /or the Serena! Organ*, (or both sexes.
- The Mexican H«;m°dy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder- Sell* on Us own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*,
m Market nt .. H. r.— (S«nd for Clrculirs.) !
OOTTC1JI7C FOR BARBERS, BAK.
JjXlU 01i.iuO "3 bootbtacks. bath-
m^ r v houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. , candy-makers, csnners.
tfyers, flourmills. : foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers, printers, painters, .shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor* etc. •
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 6C9 Sacramento St
..-. . . ._ ..,»>-, /¦¦-. v- •• i . -
Gr g a r j^s Ammunition. Pistols. Cat-
H §»OBr* !er y. Carving Sets, Football.
3 6 h%| W* liasebalU Athletic and Out-
& Snln B lng Goods for Holiday Trad*.
mJ H « Bm# Setirt for Catalogue.
Wl1 snasvs * baebbs co..
739 Market St vxi 511 Kmisj 3*
¦:-;¦--
THIS 18 THE DAY
That The Wiley B. Allen Company take possession of. the premises 331-933
Market etreet. % Mechanics will immediately be put to work fitting up piano*
rarlors and offices in the most modern up-to-date manner. .
In entering San. Francisco we feel that we are not altogether unknown
,}:ere. Covering, a scope of : nearly a quarter of , a century -"we have ", sold
everything known In music and musical merchandise and have represented
at some time or other every piano known : to the-trade.'
We are r.o novices in this business and we are entering the arena here
with the choicest products the piano manuraeturers- arc able to turn out.
Ycu will find on our floors' the old reliable Steck, the artSst'c Everett, Hard-
rcan, Ludwig. Packard and a score of other, most popular makes. . . Our
pianos are now on display and everybody." is Invited In to sse them or write
for catalogues and prices Jf not convenient to .call. - ; ' - -\ ' •-
Leading Piano Deaiers,
931-933 Market St., San FrahciscoV
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema/
How It. reddens the skin, itches, oozes,
dries and scales! :.
Some people call It tetter, mine crust ox
salt rheum. ¦ . ¦• . '¦ '
The suffering from it .* is sometimes in-
tense; local applications are resorted to—
they mitigate, bat cannot'eare.
, It proceeds from humors Inherited or ac-
quired and persists until these have been
removed. ¦-
Hood's SarsapariUd
positively removes them, has radical
and permanently cared the worst cases, zOd
is, without an equal for all cutaneous
eruptions.' ¦¦-•.- , •¦"• '..'¦'
Unor»'*l*M.i.""--?V ' - *¦ — -¦- t»-i»».«^«.. nt(t
£mlk Conghs, Colds,
K^^^w Asthma, Bronchitis,
T&ffiffgv Hoarseness,
and SoreThroatl
Fao-SlmUe J5l£-J/?- ¦ j£ oa every '•
Signature of f^ZSSu O S£cntt^W><* boi.¦ , Rub i them. with Salva-cea." It takes all 'aching
and : soreness : out ;'at - once. ?; For.' sore » muscles,
stiff Joints ; and • lameness,- It ; has ' ho : equal. 7 - , It
cures : piles'. .' i Try j it 'once 'and ) you' 11 ', never be
..without it" ~ Price, ; 25c and ' 500,' at r drugglsts or
b'y.xnail.'vSalva-cea,' 274 Canal st.'. New Tork;
Your, Poor Tired Feet.
•\: BALSE,"} Switzerland,' . Dec. ',, 31.— Before
adjourning to-day^the ; Zionist ;Convention>
elected at new? executive ; committee, coh
sisting < of • forty-five Dr. .Theo
dore Herzl of .Vienna,' founder, of, the Zion
ist movement;-' was ¦: re-elected : president/
Rabbi- Gustav.Gottiehell of New York, H.
J. -Wise .'; of *- Or.; -, 1 Rev." ¦ Dr. ;
Schaef er . of ' Baltimore,-; Pierrlera - Mondoz
of . Chicago* and ' Rev/ Dr.' Sarasohn of New
> Yorkxrepresenti the . a United 'States. 1 : Rev. j
Dr.- Sepplo,'«'bf Us?, the": Canadian I
representative on the committee. J
Zionists) Elect New Officers.
CAMDEN.'N.^ J., Dec. 31.— The funeral
of the late United States Senator William
Joyce Sewell i took place; to-day from ;.the
Sewell ; mansion 1 - l n > this : . city. Eight : ser-^
geants from the; Third 'Regiment and Bat
tery B, - National Guard . of • New Jersey,
carried the casket ¦ to a caisson ; provided
by i the .War, Department ' and - the ; cortege
proceeded to Harleigh Cemetery; ; where
interment was., made. ] At -the grave a
salute, of thirteen guns .was fired, ,'v ' ,
of Senator Sewell.
REDDING, Dec 3L— Redding was
greatly shocked this morning when the
news spread that George 'A. Littlefleld,
the local manager for the Terry Lumber
Company, had committed suicide in his
home by firing a bullet from a revolver
through his heart.
Littlefleld had been telephoning on busi
ness matters to the Terry Mills at Bella
Vista. He then walked by ln> wife into
the bedroom adjoining her room, drew his
pistol ai| *.?hot himself. The action was
unexpect«^.va?d was done in a fit of tem
per.
Littlefield held a responsible and lucra
tive position, had a charming wife and
two brig-ht children. Early this morning
he telephoned ; his wife to- come down as
he was not feeling well. On the way down
town she burst out crying and told, a
friend: she could bear. It no longer. Her
husband returned home soon after talk
ing with her and met her and her mother
Mrs. Grace. Kuhn of Red Bluff. He then
used the telephone and ended his life with
the revolver; - He was a Native Son and a
Workman. '.Th^body will be taken for
burial to . Oakland to-morrow, where his
parents reside. ¦ ¦' : .
Well-Known Citizen of Shasta Coun
ty Shoots Himself at His
Home.
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
WHILE IN FIT OF ANGER
COPENHAGEN, Dec. ; 31.-rlt has : been
learned upon. the best authority, that L the
treaty between the \ United States and
Denmark for the sale of- the Danish .West
Indies will be signed, in spite of the agi
tation here against such > action, as the
Danish Government has given ' its : prom
ise to this endN The question of a ple
biscite will not be allowed to Interfere.'
Question of the Plebiscite Will. Not'
Be Allowed' to Longer Delay
the Negotiations. ' ;
DAUTSH CESSION; TREATY .
WILL SHORTLY BE SIGNED
The police believe that- Bitzer. is. insane.
The note which they found in his store
after the affair was almost an Incoherent
Jumble of words. After telling, of. the
shooting of Miss Columbe, Bitzer wrote
that he had determined to go to his home
and end the lives of his wife and', children
and his own. He asked that at his funeral
the hymn, "Nearer, My God, to Thee " be
sung. . '-' /..- ,'..,..'.
Substantially the same story, was told
by Bitzer after his arrest.
' The 16-year-old daughter, Annie, was
shot through the left hand and in the
ear. The 12-year-old daughter, Carrie, was
shot through" the neck. Mrs. Bitzer was
hit in the face, the bullet passing through
the nose.
The sound - of shots brought , neighbors
into the house and Bitzer was arrested.. .
TURNERS " FALLS, . Mass.,* Dec. 31.—
Louis BItzer, a jeweler of this place, to
day shot five persons, two of whom, his
clerk, Miss Ida Columbe, and Bitzer's five
year-old son, are dead. His other victims
were his wife/ Christina, and his . two
daughters, Annie, about 16 years old* and
Carrie, 12 years old. It is thought they
will not die. There is evidence that it
was Bitzer's intention to take his own
lifo also, but his prompt arrest prevented
him from carrying out this purpose. He
is about 35 years of age. . • '
From a note left in his store by Bitzer
it appears that while he' was cleaning a
revolver the weapon was discharged acci
dentally and the bullet hit Miss Columbe
in the head, killing her instantly. Over
come by the situation. Bitzer apparently
rushed to his home,- hatless and wild with
excitement and began the work of exter
minating his family. •. \ '
The little boy, ill in bed, was shot and
killed. •
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 31.— Flood, fire
and general excitement prevailed in Rich
mond to-day. The water in the James
River rose 23% .feet, within four feet of
the level of -.the great freshet of 1S77.
Lower. Main street and a greater part of
Fulton, the extreme eastern | section, of
the city, were flooded. When, the freshet
was 'near, its height fire, caused by. the
waters coming in contact with lime, broke'
out in the plant: of '.Warner, Moore &
Co., millers and feed supply men. The
property, is situated on - the creeks 'of the
flooded district and at' one time it seemed
that it would be destroyed, but a change
of wind, and the splendid work of ,the
fire department averted the danger. -Hose
was carried over, a Jlne of partly sub
merged coal cars -and buoyed on rafts
made of small boats. The firemen fought
the flames standing up to, their waists in
water. The fire "was confined to the build
ing in which It started. The loss Is about
$10,000, fully insured.; It is estimated,, that
the occupants of 200 small' houses on this
and the Manchester side of the river had
to vacate temporarily. The gas works
are partially under water and the r gas
supply '¦ cut • off. ' ¦ This . condition seriously
crippled the newspapers, as the metal' for
their linotype machines Is heated by gas.
All are working by • lamps : to-night. .The
incoming, southern trains • had to run
through several feet of water., The bridges
are reported gone in -various sections.of
the State and. traffic Js greatly interrupt
ed The water began to fall about 5 p. m.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 31.— The fight be
tween ; the Hahna and Foraker factions
for control of the .Ohio'. Legislature be
came acute in Cincinnati to-day,' when it
became ; known that two Toledo members
of ' the' House. ,of •- Representatives were
here -In consultation '. with Senator. For
aker.. .They were followed ; to the city by
the chairman of the central committee at
Toledo and by Representative Demath of
Toledo; both' Hanna men.' The result of
the day's conference. was in favor of For
aker,. in that the two Toledo 'men who
tirst arrived gave their pledge to support
the Foraker programme. -
-. At. a r meeting of the -Hamilton -County
delegation Ho-night the three Senators
and ¦ the ten Representatives voted unani
mously to support the Foraker candidates
in the organization of the "Legislature. "-'
After the -meeting a" statement was
given out that- the pending contest was
not-- one - between Forakur and Hanna
themselves for supremacy : in Ohio ; that
the party; could : not recognize tne contesc
as. factional* and that the Hamilton
County members would .give; respectful
attention to the advice ot, the, local'Re
publican organization, . in which George
B. Cox is universally recognized as. the
dominatlnz- Influence. .. -
'Cox-isaid to-night- the present trouble
was due to "tale-bearing. gossips, not to
any leaders, and 'that the result would
have ¦ no • bearing in the future , against
any one." • - He > added : .- ".Whatever, figure
Hamilton ' County, may . cut ; in the : contest
now on/ you may f depend. upon" it that. the
question . of i Senatorial . supremacy In Ohio
has not: yet; heen* considered."
¦•. Cox' said ith'at ;. he ".,. would leave for - Co
lumbus on Thursday morning and remain
there until - after, the ' Legislature ,was : or
ganized.', Senator Foraker will . not go to
Columbus >- untile after,' the' election, of a
Senator January,: 15. . .
Kills a Girl and His Son
and "Wounds His "Wife
and Daughters.
Extreme Eastern Section
of the City Is Now.
Under Water.
Senator Poraker Secures
•( the Hamilton County
Delegation.
TERRIBLE CRIME
OF INSANE MAN
FIGHT IN OHIO
BECOMES ACUTE
New York Theater Burns.
NEW TORK. Jan. 1.— Miner's Eighth
avenue Theater was destroyed by fire
early this morning. "The Merry Maidens"
burlesque show had just given a long per
formance and the audience had been out
of the building only about fifteen minutes
when the fire was started. It was caused
by a lighted cigarette. The loss, as now
estimated, will be $200,000.; : -? :: '.$f"f%
General Seamans Is Resting Easily.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 3L— There was no
material change in General Seamans'. cocr
dltion to-night. He is reported to be rest
ing easily.
FLOOD AND FIRE
EXCITE RICHMOND
In the official circular W. S. Palmer is
appointed superintendent at Oakland and
F. E. Prior to succeed him.. The paper is
Changes in the Southern Pacific Com
pany have beeji coming fast and thick
lately. When J. L. Frazler was appointed
superintendent at Oakland recently, it was
thought that at last the railroad corpora
tion had settled down to Its normal state.
Frazier. however, threw up his position to
go East with the Toledo, St. Louis and
Western Railroad Monday and The. Call,
In making the announcement of his resig
nation, predicted that Palmer would suc
ceed him. ' , .
AS announced in The Call yester
day, J. L. Frazier has tendered
his resignation as superintendent
of the Southern Pacific Company
at OakHnd. The resignation has
been accepted and W- S. Palmer, who is
at present superintendent of the Sacra
mento division, has been named to suc
ceed him. F. E. Prior, assistant superin
tendent at Los Angeles, will take Pal
mer's post at Sacramento.
W. S. Palmer was for many years Man
ager Agler's assistant. He has in his
short, period as superintendent at Sacra
mento "made hosts of friends, who will
greatly regret his removal to Oakland.
Palmer has the reputation of being a hard
worker. He can be found at his desk
from early morning until ' the last clerk
has left the office at night. His character
istics are similar to those of Kruttschnitt,
who believes that wheK a man Is working
there is not a moment to be spent for rest
or recreation and to this quality mainly
his promotion ha3 been due.
the Santa Fe at Gaiveston. He next en
tered the passenger department of the
Northern Pacific and remained there from
1S85 to 1887. He then- accepted a position
with the California Southern Railway in
the auditor's office: In 1887 he became an
employe of the Southern Pacific Company
in -the^ superintendent's jofflce at Los An
geles. In 1895 he was promoted to the po
sition of assistant division superintendent
at Los Angeles. He is looked upon as a
very bright railroad man and has done
much to foster the big travel in. Southern
California.
P. E. Prior, who goes to Sacramento as
superintendent of the' division, is an old
railroad man, although he is only 42 years
of age. Prior entered the railroad world
in 1S83. He first secured a position with
his resignation.
i The company's new paid-for business in
1901, excluding risks rejected, etc., is
$260 000,000." The total paid-for Insurance
In force is $1,360,000,000, a gain of $160,0C0,uu l )
over the previous year.
It is estimated in banking circles that
the dividend and interest payments on
Government, State, municipal, railroad
and other corporation securities payable
on January 1 will be $400,000,OCO. The new
business offered to the New York Ufa
during 1901 is nearly equal to these com
bined payments.
NEW TORK, Dec. 31.— The closing ( day
of the year indicates great prosperity In
every business direction. The large mer
cantile houses, the various banking in
stitutions and the trades generally are
quite enthusiastic with the records made.
The fire insurance business has not re
sulted In great profits for stockholders
owing to the poor rates obtained, but the
regular or old-line life insurance compa
nies, on the other hand, will make a
splendid showing for their policy-holders.
The leader in business obtained and in
force will undoubtedly be the New York
Life, as President McCall has issued &
statement that the new applications to
his company In 19tfl will exceed $380,000,000,
or more than $1,000,000 for every day in
the year. This is an unprecedented rec
ord.
Are Shown to Exceed
8380,000,000.
Applications to the Company in 19O1
NEW YORK LIFE MAKES
SPLENDID YEAH'S SHOWING
W. S. Palmer Is a civil engineer and
knows construction work thoroughly, as
well as the operation of a railroad. These
are the facts which struck Assistant Pres
ident Kruttschnitfs heart. Kruttschnitt
is a fine railroad engineer and admires
any one who has studied and become ex
pert In engineering. It is said- that he ad
vised the promotion of Palmer the mo
ment he knew that Frazler had tendered
¦ •-. . ' .¦
signed by Manager Agler, but the old rail
road men in discussing the appointment
say that they are both Kruttschnitfs se
lections. .¦'.¦[
It Is found that but two months on record,
AuRTjrt and September. 1807, found this metal
selling as low. At that time the bottom was
touched at 23% pence, or about 2 cents an
ounce lower than the low record of 1901.
The year 1901 brought almost a nnlform de
cline in silver throughout the entire . period,
culminating In sales during December at 24.91
pence In London and B4 cents at Xew York.
In the year of big things It wgs natural that
new high records should be recorded in deposits
and loans. Financing of big syndicate opera
tions and unparalleled stock market dealing's
combined to raise the total of loans and dis
counts to S914.C23.000 on February IS against
$825,830,000 on September 15. 1900. ' the top
point of that year. On the same date deposits
attained their zenith at $1,011,329,000 com
pared with $914,810,300 on March 4, 1809, the
record prior to 1901. At the time of more
than a billion deposits the banks only held in
actual cash $265,684,700, or .512.S52.450 above
the 25 per cent legally required. On March 2
there was a new deposit record of,$1,012,514,
400. but loans did net attain their maximum
until March 9, at $918.789.600. '
Tremendous Banking Business.
Expanding crops of sugar had the effect of
lowering prices while competition caused a
still larger fall In the finished product, to the
great benefit of consumers. Petroleum was
less fluctuating, the extremes of the year be
ing 0.9 and 7.65 cents for refined in barrel
cargoes. Extensive fields In the South were
developed, which tended to hold prices down.
Export3 of the staple products reached a new
high record, notwithstanding the lower aver
age prices of oil and cotton, and the scarcity
of corn. The crop year opened with a new
record of wheat and flour exports, amounting
to 34,130,380 bushels In August, far surpassing
any previous month, while for . five months
ending November 30 the aggregate was 126 -
92S.1C2 bushels.
While 1900 was the best year ever experi
enced by domestic agricultural interests, the
opening year of the new century was in many
ways more profitable, and the two together
have put the farming population in much the
most satisfactory position In the nation's his
tory. Formerly the season of harvesting and
croi moving brought heavy borrowing of funds
at the East, but interior conditions have
changed to such an extent that Western banks
are lenders of Xew York and Chicago,- and
while there Is still a large movement of
money away from the East during the full
months, It Is of funds that were held here for
the account of Interior correspondents. There
ie a steady tendency to enlarge the acreage
sown in the leading crops, yet supplies do not
increase, owing to the better demand, both for
home consumption and export. Heat and
drought caused a serious curtailment of the
corn crop, which proved the most important
event of the year. While this influence natu
rally induced an advance in prices that practi
cally prohibited exports, and thus seriously af
fected foreign commerce, it was by no meanj
an unmixed evil, since the return to growers
was even larger than in a year of normal
production, while the enormous yield of wheat
was absorbed by stock-feeding and foreign con
sumers In place of corn. Hence, instead of a
low jrlce for wheat in proportion to the heavy
crop, there was maintained an even higher
average quotation than In the short crop year
precedinc. Meats naturally reflected the ex
pensive position of fodder and it was gratify
ing to notice that exports were not materially
reduced by the high level. ' Cotton passed a
season of wide variation, in the early months
attaining the highest price^of the decade, but
falling back sharply as the spinning situation
was rendered unfavorable by. exorbitant raw
material. Crop estimates were also far apart,
causing Irregularity and a tendency to await
more definite information. The outlook grew
much more cheerful from the producer's point
of view when the closing month brought a
higher price than 8 cents. Equally erratic
was the course of coffee, on account of heavy
Brazilian receipts and reports of extensive dis
asters. Option trading at the Coffee Exchange
rose far above the quiet conditions of recent
years. *
Domestic Agricultural Interests.
An entire year. of activity and aa era of
high prices characterized the leather market,
but there has been no boom, such as expe
rienced during 1S95 and which resulted in one
of the most dlstastrous r.lumps ever known in
leather history. The rise in values was steady
and by easy stages and entirely legitimate, in
asmuch as It was based on the laws of sup
ply and demand.
Further declines occurred in the price of this
staple during the opening months of 1001 and
the bottom was not reached until July 1, when
100 gTades, according to Coates & Brothers'
circular, was quoted at 17.06 cents. This
represented a less of 31 per cent from the high
point of 24. TO cents In December, 1393. AYith
the absorption of surplus stocks and general
revival in the industry, the turning point was
reached In September. Further strength and
activity was in evidence each succeeding
month.
AH records of output for hard and soft coal
were surpassed during 1901, despite the scarcity
of cars ihat retarded operations. A feature of
great advantage was the expanding export
movement, which reached more encouraging
proportions than in earlier years. In ten
-months the value of shipments was $19,0S7,303
against $17,820,864 the . year previous. Coke
ovens made a phenomenal record, establishing
a new high water mark of weekly output at
244,520 tonr late In November.
Readjustments of quotations were secured
during December after a year of unreasonably
inflated prices. Copper was stubbornly held at
17 cents most of the time, but when the reac
tion began there was a fail of 4 cents within a
few days. Tin was advanced to 2S : >4 cents in
June, but fell to 22 cents in December. Sim
ilarly with lead the nominal price of 4% cents
was cut to 4 cents. Tin plates closed the year
where they opened, but in the interim there
was an advance of $7 on account of the famine
that followed the strike. .
Aside from the slight fall during the period
affected by the strike, there appears almost a
steady rain in production, closing with the
maximum quantity on record. While- the out
put en December 1 was at the unparalleled rate
of 10.887.572 tons yearly, it is obvious that the
actual production for the year was much small
er, although quite sufficient to establish a ne.w
record, and judging by the amount of business
already placed for 1902, the current year's yield
may not unreasonably be expected to surpass
17,000,000 tons. The output of rails was be
yond all records yet and contracts fcr 1002 al
ready Indicate another high-water mark of
probably 3,000,000 tons.
Coal Output Surpasses All Records.
After the reaction of 1000 the level of prices
remained depressed for some months, but gen
erally responded to the Increasing demand as
excessive accumulations were absorbed. From
a condition of glut there arose almost a famine,
greatly exaggerated by the stubborn strike.
Borne idea of the changes in Eize of supplies
may be found in the comparison qr furnace
stocks of pigiron, as published In the Iron Age,
which amounted to 5-18.C63 tons on January 1.
These figures steadily declined throughout the
year until only 223,402 tons were held on De
cember 1. - . ¦
Most marvelous of all the phenomenal evi
dences of advancement In business during the
year was the progress made in manufacturing.
It is Impossible to be too extravagant in delin
eating the movements of the industrial world.
Never In the history of this or any other na
tion has such development occurred within the
space of a twelvemonth. The expansion of pro
ductive capacity was enormous, the Improved
methods of work and organization were con
spicuous, wise economies were introduced, but
more than all other factors that made for per
manent prosperity was the conservative resist
ance to price Inflation.
NEW YORK,. Dec 3L— Dun's review
will say on January 4:
Marconi will call upon Governor General
Lord Minto to-morrow and on Thursday
a Cabinet meeting will be held to decide
what concessions can be granted to him
by the Dominion Government. •¦*;:,¦*,¦.
Mr. Laurier assured Marconi of every
assistance whi^h the Government could
afford him. Mr. Tarte, whose department
has control "of the coast telegraph sys
tem, discussed the establishment of wire
less stations on Prince Edward Island
and the mainland of Nova Scotia or New
Brunswick, to maintain communication
across Northumberland Strait, independ
ently of -the existing cable, controlled by
the Anglo- American Company under a
charter similar to the franchise which
enabled the company to interfere in
Newfoundland.
"The Government owns the island," re
plied Colonel Gourdeau. "and the ¦¦ only
telegraph lino on it, and allows nobody
to land there without permission. It is
in cnarge of. a Governor, but we win
make you King."
Marconi is greatly Impressed with tne
situation of Safcie lslana as a site tor a
station from which to work acros3 tne
Atlantic with his- wireless. station on tno
coast of Cornwall. • • : .
: 'At the Marine Department he -talked
with the Deputy Minister and chief engl
reer upon the subject and was - pleased
to see by the great circle track which
was plotted lor nim on a North Atlantic
admiralty chart that a direct line be
tween Sable Island and the Cornwall
coast passes well out to seaward of the
Avalon peninsula of Newfoundland.
Maps 'and views of the island showing
the lighthouse towers that may be used
for signaling were presented, and Mr.
Marconi was promised absolute freedom
in the use of the island for his experi
ments. It is considered that Sable Island
will at any rate be valuable as a repeat
ing station for trans-Atlantic signals.
Marconi had his. first meeting with Mr.
Laurier, Premier of Canada, at luncheon
in the Rideau Club to-day, where both
were guests of AV. S. - Fielding, Minister
of ; Finance. S Other Cabinet Ministers
were present, also Sir Sandford Fleming,
pioneer of the Pacific cable, and Sir
Thomas Shaughnessy, president of the
Canadian Pacific Railway.
OTTAWA, Dec. 31.— In a conference
with Mr. Tarte, Minister of Public Works,
and Colonel Gourdeau, Deputy Minister,
to-day, Mr. Marconi expressed doubt con
cerning interference with vested cable
rights should he erect a station on Sable
Island. ':"-.. ,;" '-* :¦ ...£,
j Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prosperity Follows Conserva
tive Resistance to Price
Inflation.
Officials Remove All-Obsta
cles That Confront the
Inventor. :
Phenomenal Evidences of
Advancement in Busi
ness World.
/-I J TTT"M ni-,~ TK-**
Canada Will Give Fine
Site for a Signal
Station.
Superin-endent of the Sacramento i Division of the Southern
. Pacific Will/ Take Charge at Oakland While Prior of Los
Angeles Goes to the Capital City by Order of Kruttschnitt
GOLDEN STREAM
ENRICHES NATION
OFFERS MARCONI
ISLAND DOMAIN
PALMER SUCC EEDS TO OFFICE MADE
VACANT BY FRAZ IE R'S RESIGNATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1902.
TV/O ABLE RAILWAY OFFI
CIALS WHO HAVE BEEN PRO
MOTED. ;.: , -
3
1 Tes, why rent a piano and throw away
fifty or sixty dollars a year when you
Inight as well buy a fine new piano here
low during this sacrifice sale at whole-
ftile cost and take virtually your own
ijme paying for one.
t Twenty -five dollars down and $10 a
cnth will secure a most elegant New
Ipale Kimball upright piano now at a
Brmendous saving in price. Tour oppor-
tunity will have passed if you let this
sale go by without securing a
Bl.iajio. Attend to this to-morrow Re-
¦Inember where. 645 Market street below
K Cearny, in the Bishop building. Take elc-
WHY DO YOU PAY RENT?
•Our wholesale rooms are well lighted
»y electricity and those desiring to ex-
imlne our piancs and not having the time
ft do so during the day can call during
.he evening, as we are open for business
xcm 7 in the morning until 10 at night-.
Besides, ln the evening we are not eo
iusy and can give our customers more
.ttc-ntlon than during the afternoon, when
re are so busy.
Remember the number, 645 Market
«treet. Take elevator to second floor.
Cilers Piano Company's sacrifice sale.
AFTER SUPPER.
rte Sultan Confers Marked Honors
"Upon the Distinguished Artist.
Minnie Hauk, the distinguished soprano,
A'hose Carmen is the acknowledged stand-
ird, u~as lately decorated by the Sultan
H-ith the order of the Crown of Johore,
ails making the eleventh order that this
{harming artist has received from royal
Sands. But these many royal favors have
lot made the fair singer any the less
in her ideas and preferences.
In her beautiful chateau at I>ucerne,
*'bere Bhe passes her seasons of rest and
preparation, is -an American piano (the
KJrr.ball) which is put to constant use in
iceompanlment of the voice that has
iwayed the world ln great operas.— Chl-
tago Tribune.
MINNIE HAUK DECORATED.
Sixtyr Eighth KaSf^Yeariy Report
—OF—
The German
Savings and Loan Society,
No. 526 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, ' CAUFORNIA*
SWORN STATEMENT
of the condition and value of the Assets and
Liabilities of THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY, a Corporation doins business
at No. 52G California Street, ln the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
and where said Assets are situated on Decem-
ber 31. 1901.
ASSETS.
1— $5,200,000 United. States 4 per cent'
Registered Bonds of
1007, the value of which
Is $5,813,800
i 2.400,000 Unlted : States 4 per cent
Registered Bonds of
! 1025.' the value of which
Ia 3.354.000.
* Of these Bonds $6,600,-
, CCO are kept !n a box In
the vaults of and rented
from the New York
Stock Exchanee Safa
Deposit Company ia
r-_Vj%; New York Ctty, and the
remainder in the vaults
of this Corporation.
4,675,500 Miscellaneous Railroad.
Cable and Street Rall-
. way. Light and other
Corporation Bonds and
Shares of Stock, the
value of which Is 6,295,371
All of said Bonds and
¦ Shares of Stock are kept
in the vaults of the Cor-
poration, with th« ex- .
ception of $10O. COO.
i ' -Southern Paciflc - RaU-
road of California Con-
; . . solldated First Mortgage
¦ - J*»5 per cent Stamped
Bonds, kept In New
Tork in the Safe Deposit
< Box above mentioned.
$12,275,500 $14,453,175
Standing on the Books of the Cor-
poration at .. /. $13,632,0C0.10
2 — Promissory Notes secured by
first mortgages on real es-
tate, within this State, the
States of Oregron. Washington.
Utah and Nevada. The value y
of said Promissory Notes Is.. 15,406,234.23
3 — Miscellaneous Railroad, Stra«t
Railway and other Corporation
Bonda and Stock Certificates
pledged to the Society for the
amount of l,0H,S5<X0O
All paid Notes, Bonds and Cer-
tificates are held and kept by '
said 'Corporation in its own -
vaults.
1 4 — Bank Building and Lot. the
! value of which is 120,000. CO
i 5 — Other Real Estate situated ln
the States of California. Ore-
gron. Washington and Utah, the
value of which Is .1,372.148.50
Cr-Furniture ln the Bank Office
I of *aid Corporation 1,000.00
1 7 — Cash ln United States Gold and
Silver Coin, kept by said Cor-
poration In Its own vaults, the
actual value of which. Is 1,350,184.31
Total $32,954,377.5a
LIABILITIES.
1 — To Depositors: Said Corporation
owes Deposits amountins to.
. and the value of which Is. $30,766,033.11
2 — To Stockholders: The amount . .,, i. u /"
of Capital Stock actually paid
up, in Gold Coin, the value of
which Is ' 1.000,000.00
The condition of said liability -
to Stockholders is that no part
of the amount can be paid to -
. them, or ln any .way be wlth-
V-'drawn, except in : payment of
losses during: the existence of
the Corporation-, 'nor until all
Depositors shall have been paid /
ln full , the amount " of their
deposits and accrued dividends.
3 — To Depositors and Stockhold-
ers; - t 4-
(a) The amout of the reserve
Fund 'm Gold Coin, the value
of which is 1.045,COO.0«
Including the amount of ma- ;
tured but uncollected interest
; on Loans.
(b) The amount of the Con-
tingent Fund, the value of
which Is 71,381.43
The condition of said Funds la
that the same have been creat-
ed for the purpose cf additional
security to Depositors against
4— State," City . and County Taxes
assesaed by the Government,
but not yet payable 71,957.94
.- Total $32,054,377.50
[Seal.] B. A. BECKER. "
President of the German Savings and Loan
Society.
GEO. TOURNT.
Secretary of the German . Savings and Loan
. Society. . . - -
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss. : •
B. A. BECKER and GEORGE TOURNT.
being each separately, duly sworn, each for
i himself, says: That said B. A. Becker ia
President, and that said George Tourny Is Sec-
retary of the German Savings and Loan Society,
the Corporation above mentioned, I and that the
foregoing statement is true. '
i . • ¦¦...:¦ B. A. BECKER.
. . . . GEO. TOURNT.
I Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of December, 1901.
[Seal.] GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public ln and for the CHy and County,
of San Francisco. State of California.
- STATEHETT 0? : CAPITAl STOCK
The German
; Savings and Loan Society,
a Corporation doins business at No. 526 Call-
_ ¦ ¦ ' fornia Strert.
DATED DECEMBER 3IST, 1901.
CAPITAL STOCK, actually
paid up in gold coin..... fl.OOO.OOO.OO
RESERVE FUND, actually •
paid up in gold coin $1,043,000.00
[Seal.] - . B. A. BECKER, \V
President of the German Savings and Loan -
.Society. . .
- GEORGE TOURNT.
Secretary of the German Savings and Loan
; Society.
State of California, City and County of Sara
. ' Francisco, ss :
B. A. BECKER and GEORGE TOURNT. be-
ing each separately, duly sworn, ea;h for him-
self, says:- That sa!d:B. A. B»cksr Is Presi-
dent, and that said George Tourny is Secretary
of thW German . Savings and. Loan Society.' the ;
Corporation above named, and- that the . fore-
going statement is true. %>:MMM
BHEfiEZ! B - A - BKCKER.
' ; ' • GEO. TOURNT.
Subscribed and aworn to before- me this 31st
day of December, 1901.
[Seal.], • . ¦ GEO. T. KNOX,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
cl San Francisco; Stateiof California.
Dozens of your friends and neighbors
ire 'daily taking advantage of these un-
precedented opportunities (we sold seven-
teen pianos again yesterday), and you
Bught certainly not neglect to furnish
tour home with a fine piano at this time.
Remember the street number, 645 Market
»treet, upstairs. Eilers Piano Company's
wholesale warerooms.
Then we have left also quite an as-
Eortment of brand new Estey pianos.
Take choice of walnut or fancy oak cases.
These Kstey pianos are also accompanied
by the regular written factory warran-
ties, and can be had to-morrow for J21S
and $247, respectively. Easy payments.
Here are also a number of good used
upright pianos that have been received in
part payment for new instruments sold
fluring this sale. Here is a little dinky
rosewood cased Gabler upright piano,
which one of our salesmen agreed to take
In part payment for a fancy mottled
English oak cased Kimball upright. He
fcllowed too much for it, of course, but
(v-e'll stand the loss. Come In and get it
».t your own price. Pay four or live dol-
lars a month.
Who will take these remaining brand
fcc-w Richmond uprights? They come In
f howy mahogany and oak machine carved
cases; are accompanied by the regular
written fajt-^y guarantees, and while
they are usudlly sold for $325 and $350.
they can be had here, so long as the sup-
ply lasts, for $176 and S1S5. Easy pay-
ments.
A number o*, regular $300 styles may
: et be obtain* / for $137, and quite a va-
r;etv of regmli ? $250 styles are now going
for t213 and $2t \ still other makes for J1SS.
See these lar, mahogany, oak and wal-
nut cased Cabinet Grand Pianos of Emer-
son make that we are now selling for $185.
and the fancier styles for $218. You could
r;ot ordinarily obtain such value for $350,
or even $375.
Let us call your attention to the splen-
6id latest style Colonial Cabinet Grand
Pianos, regular J5o : j value, now 5287. The
tone cf these instruments is simply su-
perb, the action deTTghtful and the cases
ere made up of the most beautifully dap-
pled or figured English burl walnut ever
seen in San Francisco. Take choice at $10
a month. *
Our terms of payment, ln order to wind
up matters quickly, have been made &o
exceptionally reasonable that no one need
hesitate now to secure the long hoped for
puLno. If you can spare $10 a month,
v.h.ch is only twice the ordinary rental
for a piano, put (23 in your pocket for a
first payment and come to the Eilers
Piano Company's sacrifice sale now be-
ing held at our wholesale warerooms. up-
stairs in the Bishop building, 645 Market
street, below Kearny, and we will fix you
up with a line piano for but little more
than the ordinary price of an organ.
We are offering a.% this sale the very
choicest piancs that money and brains
can produce, the quality and character
no honest man can dispute, and we are
offering all of them, or nearly all, at
prices one-half less than these or other
soii.e grade instruments retail for in this
cr any other city.
We would therefore kindly suggest to
those who may be considering the advis-
ability of presenting the home with a
eood piano that if they will avail them-
selves of the unprecedented opportunity
we are offering in that line they will
have made the bargain of a lifetime, and
we can safely say that in securing your
piano here now you -will have saved
enough money in the transaction to fairly
tduca.te the whoie family in music.
To dispose of the entire stock of fine
pianos originally included in the sale we
ehall have to sell an average of nineteen
pianos a. day between now and Saturday
night. They must all be sold by that
time and will be, for out of the nearly
four hundred thousand residents of San
Francisco and immediate vicinity there
must have been more than two hundred
homes without a piano.
This Is Perhaps Die Only Genuine
Piano Sale You'll Ever Live
to See—Cone in and Tab
CMce-Soie Startling; Prices
on Reliaole Hew Pianos.
Special. Offers Bepriiig Pay-
ments - Some Second-Hand
Bargains.
Short.
All Must Go, and
the Time Ss
If you need a medicine you should have
the best Sold by druggists In fifty-cent
and. one-dcllar sizes. You may have a
sample bottle of this great kidney remedy,
Swamp-Root, and a book that tells all
about It and Its great cures, both sent ab-
solutely free by mi!!. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binshamton. N. Y. When
writing, mention that you- read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Daily
Call. . .'
Swamp-Root 13 not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it just the remedy you need.
1 ¦ .
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, tne great
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish in
promptly cubing kidney, bladder and uric
acid troubles, rheumatism and pain ln
the back. It corrects. . inability to bold
water and scalding pain ln passing it, or
bad effects following use of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of "being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases.
m
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIDNEY AND BLADDE2
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
' ¦ V ¦ '
What this Boy's
Mother Says
has been said by the mothers of
, many ; other boys and girls/ re-
garding the wonderful curative :
and strengthening qualities of
MUei* Nervine
.* Hasting, Neb.- .;
. "Onr little hoy, Harry, had spasms .
for 3 vears and we feared the disease^
would . affect his mind. Though we
doctored continually he jjrew worse and
had ten spasms in one week."' * Our at->
tention was directed to Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine and we began its U5e. v When he
: had taken the fourth bottle the spasms
disappeared and he has net had; one
; i for five years. - His health now is per- ~
feet." ": Mrs. B:M."Tindall.
¦ \Dr. Miles' Remedies are sold •
by all druggists on guarantee to
benefit or ; money refunded.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind:
IA/. X. HESS, f ,
• i KOTABT. PU3LICU AND ATTOSNEY-AT-LA W. •
; Tenth' Floof7?Room-1015. ; ciaus Spreckels Bldg.
» ¦: ¦ i Telephone Main - 9S3. ¦
Residence; r S21", California- st.. -belo-w Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1501.Jeanie. '*
Fourth race^ — The Fretter, Jennings Stable,
Autolight. ,
Fifth race— Impromptu,. Matt Hogan, Native.
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Landseer, Sir Lewis, Royalty.
Second race— Artvis, Amoruna, . Bell Reed.
Third race^ — Sombrero, Escalante, • Sister
8036 Orleans .....102 3034 Matt Hogran..llO
(3016)Cousln Carrie. 99 8036 Hungarian ..107
3063 El Oriente...l04 2475 Bathos . 110
3027 Impromptu ..110 : * t :
Sixth race — One and a quarter miles ; sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and upward:
3060 Plead- 99 3064 Compass ....102
2952 Darlene 96 3064 Alicia 104
(3055)Sunello 106 3064 Kastaine ....101.
DENVER, Dec. 31.— The Board ot Aldermen
has adopted an :• ordinance ' compelling . electric
light, telegraph and telephone companies to put
their wires underground. • . . - I
ALBANY, N. Y.. Dec. 31. — The Sacred Heart
College to 'St.*, Joseph's Church .-'in
Cohoes,'. was destroyed.- and St. Ann's Convent,
which adjoins it; badly damaged, by a fire last
" SEATTLE, Dec. 31.— In the presence of
a crowd to-night a; thief hurled a : coup
ling-pin'through the window of; Mayer &
Bros;.' jewelry store, , and -through the
broken glass seized^a tray of diamond
rings. worth $1500, successfully making his
oscape^Bj£?Ii§£Sf&g|19i3£&3|t3' ; ¦
Steals Tray of Diamond Rings.
• MEMPHIS, Tenn.. • «Dec. • 31.— President
Roosevelt * has .' formally - demanded the
resignation' of David A. : Nunn, collector
of internal revenue, Fifth District of Ten
nessee. Alleged violation' of • civil Service
regulations in ' the '¦ discharge . of , a ; clerk
Is said .to 'be the cause. 'Colonel Nunn
has gone to Washington. •¦
Roosevelt' Demands ;His Resignation.
King Edward Deputes Him to' Attend
Emperor William's : Birthday
' Celebration, j
LONDON, Jan. Jl.— King Edward has
deputed the Prince . of : Wales ; to . attend
Emperor - William's ;'. birthday celebration
January 27. at Berlin. It Is . believed that
this action, is taken with the Intention of
emphasizing the good relations existing
between theHwo countries. \The Prince of
Wales will start for Berlin about January
21 and remain there one week. ?: : , . -
PRINCE OF WALES,. WILL >
REPRESENT ENGLISH COURT
Several thousand people danced out' the
old-year and danced in the new last night
at • Mechanics' Pavilion. ;Tb the stirring
music of a military band' they danced" the
two-step, the waltz, the'schottlsche and
the ; lancers. » " v~ 1 ¦: ; ,
•:= The affair was like a quiet" house party
until after midnight, when the roysterers
tired of ; the streets and sought] the pleas
ures of the dance. Decorum was insisted
upon and the broad-shouldered, young men
of the San Francisco Athletic Club ,' which
promoted tha' affair,' were present to en
force. order." - '.. ¦ : '. r -/¦•.:• T :.-; ¦ ' "•
•f After midnight the floor was given over
to cakewalkers for : a .time ; and .the ' high
steppers went through many paces before
it was decided, to. whom i thej prizes should
be awarded.' ' - : '
chanics' Pavilion Given by the*
¦ S. 7 F; Athletic I dub.\
Thousands Attend the' .; Ball . in : Me-
DANCE OUT THE OLD YEAR
AND DANCE IN THE rNEW
DAYTON, , Ohio,' Dec. 31.— Secretary Sam
Karpf gave out to-day the official call for
the next annual meeting of the American
Bowling Congress, which. will be held in
Buffalo Jenuary 21.
Bowling Congress to Meet.
The Pembrokeshire was on • her way
down from Portland when the | disaster
occurred. The reef is now being removed
by engineers, and it is alleged that the
buoy had been changed. This Is said to
have resulted in the vessel being steered
out of her course, -with .the, result that
she' struck. A hole was torn; In her/poit
bow about twelve feet from the water.
The damage must be considerable, as the
vessel was taking . water at the rate of.
eighty incnes an hour to-night.
' ASTORIA, Dec. 31.— The Oriental steam
er Pembrokeshire,: one of the largest
which ever entered the Columbia River,
was badly damaged to-night by running
on the Sylva de Qrasse reef, *a. few miles
above Astoria. - •
de Grasse Reef and Is
Damaged.
Pembrokeshire Piles Up on the Sylva
LARGE VESSEL STBIKES
•-:f j-'ON BEEF NEAR ASTORIA
LONDON, Jan. - 1.— The Gazette an
nounces that Lord Marcus Beresford has
been appointed manager * of King ; Ed
ward's breeding stud at Sandringham,
where the three famous brothers, Florizel
II, Persimmon and Diamond Jubilee, are.
Lord Beresford has been managing the
King's stud for some time past and he
has now. received the formal appointment
to that position.* This ia held to indicate
his r Majesty's intention of renewing his
active patronage of the turf. .
Will Manage the King's Horses.
'•" The President - believes the • representa
tive of this Government at the coronation
should be a man who held a position rep
resenting the American people and known
also' to the people of Europe. There is
no politics In such a selection and Cleve
land is the : only living ex-President.'. He
is also thoroughly American, and was the
one i President I in recent years to give the
British lien's tail an old-fashioned, vigor
ous twist in the Venezuelan boundary dis
pute," .when he threatened England - with
war.' . : ' "
The question is whether Mr. Cleveland
will accept this • commission^ He has in
recent years kept' from the public gaze a3
much as' possible, and it is doubtful if he
would accept. ' iMm&SIM&£®&£W : ~£
"WASHINGTON, Dec. , 31.— Ex-President
Grover Cleveland may be the representa
tive of the United States at the corona
tion of King Edward VII if he will ac
cept the appointment. President \ Rooser
velt has had several names suggested for
this honor, among them those of "White
law Reid, who was the representative of
this Government at the jubilee celebration
in honor ; of Queen Victoria,- and ex-Seh
ator Wolcott of Colorado. 'Reid's friends'
say President McKinley promised to send
him to the coronation, and Wolcott is one
of 'the close friends of President Roose
velt. '.To appoint' either of these." gentle
men would disappoint the other more
than it a third man were selected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The whole police force, both day and
night men, has been . put on the case and
is searching the city and outskirts. De
scriptions have been ¦ telegraphed or tele
phoned to all adjacent points and railway
men on- all lines have been apprised of
the man's description.'..
The : girl's Injuries \ are severe, but the
most serious development . is' from the
nervous shock and fright.* She is the
daughter of Frederick ' Fridborn. a paint
er, and is.a'bright and pretty girl. Her
parents are nearly crazed.
Picking up the ax the stranger struck
Harold a blow on the head, following it
with others until the boy lay dead before
him. He still held the girl and stifled her
screams for help by stuffing weeds into
her mouth. He then, choked her Into un
consciousness.
"When she had recovered, the girl drag
ged herself home and told her terrible
story. A searching party found the lad
where he had been struck down, the
bloody, ax lying by his side. ¦¦¦The girlwaa
able to give a complete description of her
assailant. He is "a white man, about 35
years old. with a black beard., He wore a
round cap pulled over his eyes, and a
long gray overcoat.
One of the most valuable clues is that
the man's hand must have been badly
lacerated. In the struggle the girl got
his finger between her teeth and bit it so
badly that her face was covered with
blood from the wounds, '..^anml
DENVER, Dec. 31.— Two hundred citi
zens are searching to-night for a man
who with an ax killed Harold Fridborn, a
14-year-old boy who was fighting to pro
tect the honor of his sister, Tlorence Frid
born, aged 16. Leaving the lad lying; on
the ground, the unknown culprit attacked
the girl and then disappeared.
' Florence Fridborn and her J brother had
gone down to a small pond in a hollow
near their home, 2734 Gray street, to
skate. It is a lonely spot, remote from,
any houses. "While they were at the
pond a man carrying an ax appeared on
the shore. He asked them if the skating
was good, and suddenly seized the girl.
The boy tried to protect his sister.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW XORK, Dec. 3L— J. Pierpont Mor
gan has under way a deal -of vast impor
tance' to the electrical world, 'Involving a
combined capital of $50,000,000. S The "West
lnghouse Electric and Manufacturing
' " Special Dispatch to The Call/ 1
LINCOLN, Neb., Dec. -31.— Governor
Savage at 7 o'clock to-night granted an
unconditional pardon to Joseph S. Bart
ley, former State Treasurer, who, five
years ago, was- sentenced to twenty years
in the penitentiary on conviction of hav
ing embezzled $201,000 of State funds.: The
pardon went into effect from the moment
it was delivered to .Mrs. Bartley by the
Governor's private secretary. It was "pre
sented to Warden Davis at the peniten
tiary a half hour later,' andat 9 o'clock,
with his family and lawyers, Bartley was
brought In a carriage to his home in the
city. To newspaper men he said he Ead
no other immediate plans than to spend
the flrst day of the new year; with his
family. .
Bartley has been in the State prison for
four years and six months, in addition to
a year in the Douglas County jail; while
his appeal to the Supreme Court was
pending. His entire shortage Is alleged to
have been $550,000, but he was convicted
on the single count of embezzling $201,000.
Governor Savage makes an extended ex
planation of his reasons for granting the
pardon. Primarily, he says, he is led to
believe the ends of justice have been met
in the punishment already inflicted. Bart
ley, he says, was the State Treasurer at
a time when many Nebraska banks were
on the verge of collapse and it was with
the best intentions and to tide them over,
the Governor urges, that '¦ Bartley ad
vanced them State money.' : - ¦ " . '.
Study of the ¦ case, the Governor says,
finally leads him to believe that the ends
of Justice areTfully met by an- uncondi
tional «pardon. ,».- ",-¦-¦ '¦-,. ,
Will Be Offered Appoint
ment as American
Representative. .
Denver Lad is Murdered
With an Ax by a
Stranger.
BOSTON, Dec. 31.— The final sprint
which closed the second day or twentieth
hour of : the six-day- bicycle race at Park
Square Garden was won by ' McFarland.
Score:
. . . .Miles. Laps."
McFarland and Maya.. ......'. ;¦.... 404 . 5
Butler and McLean ..;.... 404. 5:
King and Samuelson 404. ft
Gogoultz and Slmar. .:...... ......404 5 ,
Munro and Freeman... '.....; 404 5 '
Leander and, Rutz 404 . 0
Fischer and Chevalier.'. ......:... 404 3
Krebs and Keeean ;...4O4 1
Jaak and Muller.. :.. 403. ., 9 .
Bunnell and Carl.. ......:.. .403 3,
McFarland and Maya Lead.
Companies Manufactur
ing Electrical Appara
tus Are Merged.
Former State Treasurer
¦• Bartley of Nebraska -
Is a Free Man.
DIES DEFENDING
SISTER'S HONOR
MORGAN FORMS
GREAT COMBINE
No statement will be made until the
merger has been accomplished. It is an
nounced, however, that negotiations have
progressed between the two companies to
a stage' at which the scheme is assured
and all details will be closed within the
rext two weeks. This merger will bring
together not only two companies with a
capitalization of nearly, $50,000,000, but tjsvo
of the largest manufacturers of electrical
apparatus in the United States will pass
Into the hands of a syndicate of which
Mr. Morgan will be the central figure.
Ihe companies have branches in England,
France and Germany, " which will . also
pass into the hands of the one • central
organizations :">¦* ¦••- -' ¦ - • *
Tremendous ; advances in the stocks of
both the'Weatirighouse EI«ctric and Man
ulacturing. Company and the General
Electric Company within the last, few
weeks foreshadowed the merger. On Fri
day last Westlnghouse flrst preferred
scored, the phenomenal advance of 31%
points on sales of only 200 shares. Thu
stock had been Inactive in the New York
market, but has been traded in to some
extent on the Boston and Plttsbure ex
changes. Sudden activity in which ad
vances were uniformly made ftecame no
ticeable more than two weeks ago and it
was commented on at the time that Gen
eral Electric also advanced in sympathy
with the. movements of Westlnghouse se
curities.
The- bid price for General Electric to
day was 283, ex-dividend. A few weeks
ago it was selling at 263.
Company ' of Pittsburg and the General
Electric, Company, in which Mr. Morgan
is a" controlling factor, are to be brought
together and operated under the ¦ "com
munity of Interest" plan, of which he is
the leading: exponent. News of the pro
posed merger, reports of which have been
cui rent for some (J^ys in well Informed
circles in: Wall street, was confirmed offi
cially to-day, r /!¦:.-•
HIS NEW YEAR
GIFT A PARDON
The hounds., of the j San Mateo .County
Hunt will .. meet this morning at 10:30
In the grounds of the Burlingame Coun
try Club. The 9 o'clock train j from ! this
city will convey many spectators and par
ticipants to the meet. -There will also be
a pigeon shoot. • ....'. • , '¦¦'
A special holiday stake will be decided
to-day at Union Coursing Park, a number
of first-class greyhounds being in the run
ning:. - '• v
At Central Park "sport vasco" will be
played by experts at the exciting Mexican
game. •
.A game of football will be, played on
Goat Island to-day between elevens from
the -Naval Reserve and the naval appren
tices.
Holiday Pastimes at Burlingame.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Dec. 31.— Burglars
at an early hour to-day blew, open | the*
safe in the postoffice and general store at
Nottingham, a suburb. The explosion
awakened Postmaster Hooz. who, with
several citizens, opened fire on the
cracksmen as the latter were leaving thf>
building with their bboty. The burglars
returned the fire and fully two dozen
shots were exchanged. Alter a running 1
fight, however, the robbers escaped. A
bloody trail showed that at least one of
their number had been badly wounded.
The value of the. plunder secured is not
yet known.
Wounded.
Bloody Trail Shows That at Least
CITIZENS HAVE TLVUNXNQ
FIGHT WITH d&AGKSHEN
Ona of the Burglars Was
NEW ORLEANS. La., Dec. 31.— Results:
first race, five and a half furlongs — Kaloms
¦won. Alpaca second. If You Dare third. Time,
Second race, five furlonga — Monte Hlmyar
won,- Lady Alberta second, Puryear third.
Time, 1:06. . , •:¦ • •
Third race, selling', one mile and seventy
yards — Judge Steadman iron. Prestome second.
Pay the Fiddler third. Time, 1:55.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs—No
bleman won, B. G. Fox second, Semicolon third.
Time, 1:34.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and an elghtlt
— Farmer Bennett won. Shut Up second, Do
rothy Lee third. Time. 2:03%.
Sixth race, one mile^ — Piederich won. Pirate's
Queen second, John Baker third. Time, 1:47.
Sixth race— Sunello, Alicia, Plead.
•
Racing at Uevr Orleans.
The American Association baseball
stars and Jake Beckley's lot of National
League cracks will play another series of
games at Recreation Park this week,
commencing this afternoon. The second
game will be played Saturday and the
third on Sunday afternoon. The Eastern
ers are enthusiastic over the success of
their winter trip to this coast. They made
money in Los Angeles and have attracted
large crowds to the local grounds on Sun
days and holidays. The majority, of the
visitors would like to return next winter,
but Manager Cantlllion says he would
prefer to come out with the team that
wins the American Association cham
pionship. He is confident he will be able
to secure the champions for the winter at
traction. . . • • • ¦• . - •
Play This Afternoon, Saturday
and Sunday.
All-Americas and Nationals Will
Manager Baird to-day voiced the sen
timent of Yost. He said the doughty llich
i*ran boys simply could not return to Ann
Arbor to face the disappointment of the
college people if their record of 501 to 0
was broken by even a two-point safety.
They fcave good cause to be uneasy, for
the Michigan men are as much out cf
their native element as a whale on land.
First, there is the radical change in
temperature. The climate is delicious,
bu£ \ttie quick change which the lads
from Ann Arbor must make is too much
toexpect in six days. In the second place
the Michigan men are accustomed to
playing on a turf gridiron. Never before
have they had anything to do with the
yj- OS ANGELES. Dec. ,31.-"Michi
[I gan must win" is the idea which
I Coach Yost is trying to inculcate
II the minds of the members of
the football team which, until the
last few days, has had no other thought
than "Michigan cannot help winning."
Michigan. Positions. Stanford.
Redner, 180 L. — E.— R . . . : Cooper, 157
White (capt.). 180 Ij. — T. — R McFadden, 178
McGregln^lSO....X<.— G.— R Thompson, 180
Gregory, 196 Center ..:....... .Lee, 200
W»son,185.. L..— G.— L .Roosevelt, 179
Shorts, 191 R. — T. — L. . .Treager, 181
Sweeley. 171 ,R. — E. — X. Preston, 17a
Weeks, 160 Quarterback Tarpey, 148
Hernstein. 168. ...R. — H. — L..." .Slaker, 180
Heston. 180 L. — H. — ..Fisher (capt.),. 159
Snow, 1S5 Fullback...... McGllvray, 168
game. A number of wagers have been
recorded in which odas of 10 to 1 are of *
fered that Stanford will not score.
Both teams are in splendid physical con
dition, each man is at the acme of his
training: and whatever the result may be
this afternoon the balance one way or the
other cannot be said to be due to over
training on either side. Another matter
about which there, is much guessing: is
the comparative weight of the two teams.
The official .weights are .given herewith,
and even a cursory glance will show that
neither team has. any advantage in this
regard worth mentioning. The line-up
will be as follows: . . .
EASTERN BASEBALL STABS . ;
AT 'RECREATION PABK
There is an interesting story told as to
how Gregory, Michigan's great center,
happens to be with the team. He was at
Sta-nford In 1900 when Yost was coaching
the. cardinals. Owing to his scholastic
standing he could not play on the big
eleven. He played, on the second eleven
and made a brilliant showing. In an
argument with Yost on the field one day
during practice he struck the coach and
was not allowed to play thereafter. . ,
• Yost recognized his ability and Induced
him* to go back to Ann Arbor, where he
is a. special student in the Law College.
He has played "center" on the team
throughout the season and has been a
tower of strength in the position.
Adherents of the Michigan team seem
to have no doubt as to the outcome of the
Michigan's Great Center.
and has never played football in a game
of any consequence, but he is a cool, level
headed youngster, knows the signals well
and may surprise some of his pessimistic
friends. However, when all tnat is good
has been said with reference to the sub
stitute quarterback still it must be ac
knowledged the position is the weakest
on the cardinal team.
Then there Is always the possibility of
flukes. Kluke3 from the point of view of
the bleachers are the 'most interesting
features of any game.. It gives just that
element of spicy interest which the public
palate requires. Flukes in football often
result in a complete change in the tide
end upset all calculations.
It is certain that Tarpey will play quar
terback. Bansbach's ankle is in such a
condition as to preclude his playing for
even live minutes. Tarpey has never
played quarterback to any great extent
Chance of a Fluke.
pavement-like adobe, such as exists, in
California. There is a vast difference in
being tackled and thrown on the toft
greensward of the East artd the lumpy
hard fields of the West. In the thirJ
place the Michigan stalwarts will meet
one of the choicest aggregations . in the
whole West. There is no adequate stand
ard with which to measure the Stanford
ites* strength.
CLEVELAND MAY
SEE CORONATION
Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward:
3053 Saul o'Tarsusl04 3002 Dunblane ....110
3051 Ben Led I..... 102 2990 Native ..107
2GC4 Nettle Clark. .102 2974 Nona B......102
Fourth race-r-One and an eighth miles; New
Year handicap; purse $2000; three-year-olds
and up:
3056 Andrisa 1041 3058 Autolight 116
3056 Rio Shannon. 98 3062 Goal Runner. 9O
30C3 Varro ... 931 3063 ' Greyf eld .....104
i 3038 Vesuvlan* . . . .118 (3063)Rosormonde . 08
3056 The Fretter.; 92' ¦';•":
Third ' race— Six ' furlongs; 'Santa ' Rosa * han
dicap; three-year-olds:
3035 Legal Maxim. 85| S019 Sombrero ....116
3039 Sister Jeanle.106 3057 Botany 106
'3057 Magi .• 90' 3039 Bscalante ...102
Second,' race — Three . furlongs; purse; two
year-olds: ¦¦¦•¦'- : .;, •'. -t
. , . Anioruna — Lovdal-Kruna • . 110
..'..'Hudson — Imp.- Foul "Shot-Rebecca- -
Panique .:.'. • .-....:. 113
.:.. Claflnette— Magnet-I Declare .. ..:.'.. 110
...v.Araba— Nomad-Charm ..........M13
..K. Venecia— SantiaRO-Seven Up ......:.. 110
' .... Past Master — Imp. Odd 'Fellow-Leon-'. -.
.. atus Mare No. 1 :r. ...... :.; 118
.... Imp.' Puss In .Boots — Autocrat-Imp.:. ',
Tabby . .......:: . . ..7. . ; . . . . . . . . . . .110
.... Dotterel — Governor Foraker-Queen
Bird :....110
.... Artvis — Imp. Golden Garter-Memento.113'
. ...¦ Prince ; Eugene — Key El Santa Anita
i Crap Game ;..'....; :113
..'. . Little Margaret— Torso-Marcia A..". ...110
. . . .Bell ; Reed— Captive-Miss Gentry . • .'• .113
Artvis, the entry of Green Morris in the
two-year-old dash, cost $19,000 as a year
lingr.
Artiila was backed off the boards in. the
betting- on the last race. Her Improved
showing makes - Mounce pounds better
than either Birkenruth or Burns. '
L. McCreery lost Edgardo. The gelding
was entered in the second event to be sold
for $200 and was claimed at $523 by J. L.
"Rector, owner of Lou CHeveden.
The entries for this afternoon are as
follows: "
* First race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds : _
3061 Landseer 109| 3065 Cathello .....107
30«i;i..arry -Wilt...llO| 300T Royalty 113
3050 SirX Lewis.... 112 2976 Tutta 107
3040-Baldo 1051
Track Notes.
MICHIGAN'S TACKLES-BACK FOR
MATION. ON EXTREME RIGHT IS
GREGORY BEING PLAYED BACK
OF THE LINE. . •
To-day will be. a busy one on the links
of the San Francisco 1 Golf. Club. The
tournament for the Liverpool gold medal,
which carries with It the I medar play
championship of the club and is held an
nually on the 1 first day of the new year,
Is the principal event. There^will also be
a tournament over thirty-six holes, medal
play, with handicap, for which three
prizes have been offered /by Jthe directors.
Two of these prizes were originally offered
for a tournament - on /Thanksgiving day
and were won by S. L. Abbot Jr. and H.
C. Golcher. As the weather was bad and
the entries few they were returned to the
club and -were accepted. The first eight
een holes played during the day must be
counted for the gold medal contest- and
the. first thirty-six holes for the handicap
tournament. The Liverpool gold medal is
at present held by S. L. Abbot Jr. There
is also a Liverpool silver medal, the holder
of which is Warren Gregory. .
On the links of the Burlingame Country
Club there will be handicap foursomes.'
the entries for which closed December 29
and were made individually, the handi
capping being done. by pairing players in
such a manner as to equalize the strength
of the" couples. The ( event -will " be ' over
eighteen holes, medal play, and open to
members only. Play 'begins at 10 o'clock'
in the morning. .- ¦¦ ; .
Ptesidib Links and a Handicap
at Biirlingame.
Annual Contest for Gold Medal on
GOLFEBS STRIVE FOR
CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP
NE3WiYORK,,Dec. 3l!— Bids/for the Mc-
Govern-Sullivan contest, to • be.decided the
1st tier >parf of January; ¦probably*the . : 30th,
wereiopened- in this r-clty^ to-day.. -A^er
some spirited, bidding .the offer,of the.^Yo
semite Athletic. Club .of «ari ~Fran<asco_$o
per cent K of i the vgross.receipts, -^with -no
training \ expense^- was ./ accepted the
managers of thejprincipals. - . ; 'm .;
McGo^erk' to Fight . in This : City.
OAKLA^NDI^cirritACIt-^^
5mKT^ss^'i^r^ u r^nTn^r^ri^^ *»*"•- to flrst - ***•
— — ; — " : T I Betting.
Index iHorse and WelghtV'- -%. %• «tr. Fin. J Owner and Jockey. ) Op. CU
(i^)' Torso Maid ...... 108| 4 . ... 1% J 3» *% M»n££SJ>t" Fam'sSSli 7-2
iiiili ill i iiiitii i i
rpi M . i~ .011. 1/ i . mv ii/# .kas/ r>nn/t «t"rt Won first three driving, dinner, J.
ao«O.- SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olda and up; value to first. $325.
-, — : : — ——¦ : ' — ~ ~~ . '. Bettlag.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St.". %. . M- Str. Fin, j Owner and Joctey. [ Op. Cl.
(«5I)* Dangerous Md. 4.108 T~T% 3 2 f , 1 n 163 Buras * Waterh^Mlm 7^ 9-S
2990 Coming Event. . 4.109 2 1 2 1 1% 2 V, 2 2 C. E a ria Co. ...Troxler 1- 1^
(3a<2) Edgardo.. 4 ...;:. 107 I" 6 3 . 6 n 5 % 3 % f w^SSJkrfJjaftaon 15 "0
Tinie^-u -12«,- K • < >3%- 44' -48- K 1:14:% 1:27. Good start. "Won first three driving.
"winneV; Burns t SSSSSS^S^ 8r& M???^^ JSffl"too^rtto totS?
outflnlshed Troxler. Edgardo a slow beginner. Kitty Kelly hustled too fast the flrst part.
. She did_not run her race^cratched-^lsslon^lOT. J^-^Bernaysljto, J}^?2-}zL~--~~
3O6TV~ THtRD^KACE^Flve furlongs; two-year-old3; value to flrst. $C25.
: : — — p ¦- ¦ . ~T ; i \ B«tUns.
Index jHorae,. and .Weight. |St. v ~\-%; - :%. Str. Fix J Owner and Jockey, j Op. CL
3043* Ishtar ....108 & .6 6 5 S*l 1 n Burlingame Farra.McGln 3 «
Rud Hvnlcka 108 2 '• 5 6 ' 5 1 6 6 6 6 Phillips & Co. Birkenruth 10 20
3043 Winnecook 108 •'¦...' ... H. I. Wilson Hoar 10 12
Time— V. -12V,- M -24- V, -:48%; %. 1:01. Poor start. Won flrst three driving. MVtintr.
Burlinsanie Stock KaHn-»'b. f.Vsam Lucas-Isalc. Ishtar was almost left after which
she stood a drive gamely. Jacqueminot likes to stop. Rubino ran a nice race. Ramese.
won't do. Phyllis away badly. *Ran out.
K0C3. FOURTH RACE: — One mile; three-year-olda; value to first. $325.
— i r ~ ~~~ Betthw.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. n». j OwB»*nd Jocfcay. Op. Q.
(3046) Rollick 109 4 84 54 8% In Burns & Waterhs^.Buchl 16-3 1S-5
3046 Marshal Nell.. ...108 1 Sn 3 1 In 2n R .A. Smith.... Bullman 4 5
304G Grafter 105 3 41 4n 4hSns LwA.Blasingame..J Wds 4 5.
2983 Beau Ormonde... 107 2 1%21 51 41 W. O-B-Macdon^-Jacksn 8-5 11-5
¦m-j: icicle 109 5 2n 12 21 54 P. Ryan T. Burns 5 5
3055 Biny LVona"""!^ 6 6 6 6 « Hennessy & Co^.A-Kelly 4O 200
Time— hi :25; V,. :4B; %. 1:14%; mile, 1:41. Good start. Won flrst three driving. Win
ner, Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g., by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick traveled in easy
stages and responded when called upon. Marshal Neil ran a nice race. Grafter probably
did his best. Ormonde gave It up. The hot clip_ thawed ont Icicle.^
3Ofl9~. FIFTtTIrACE — Six furlongs: gelling: three-year-olds and up: value to flrst, $325.
I I I BetUUff.
Ind«|Horse, Age. w e ight.|SL ,^. M. Str. Fin.) Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
S05l" Prncss Titania, 3. 90 ~4 5 1 3% 2% 1 1% ' Caesar Young. ..Redf em 8-5 2
(3012) Vantlne 4 98 3 21 21 l%2n O. W. Snider&Co.Jacksn 9-2 9-2
3001 Fitzkanet. 3 .102 1 3h 61 4% 31 W-M. Rogers. Buchanan 8 8
3058 S. for Scandal. 3. .104 5 4n 4%3h 4n J\ W. Dosa T^Burns » 4
SOai Hilee, 5 104 6 7 5 7 2 6 1 5 4 W. W. Elliott. ..Troxler « 7
2596 Sweet Caporal, 5. 101 7 61 51 72 62 Quinlan & Peck... Stuart 20 100
3000 Gusto. 4 101 2 11 Mi 5 1 72 P. Howley Ransch 10 13
. Light Ball 3 94 8 81 93 82 84 A. H. Vivell O-Nell 20 3ft
3047 Marlneuse 3 105 10 10 719 6 9 10 J. Conway Dunn 10O 30O
.... Yellow Star. 3.... 90| 9 9 1 10 10 10 Ezell & Lazarus. R..Ezell; 1OO 30O
Time— »4 :24%; J-i, :4S%; %, 1:13%. Fair start. ¦ Won first three driving:. Winner. Caesar
Younga's br. f., by Masetto- Queen Titania. Winner best. Vantine no apologies. Fitzkanet
put in a bid. Scandal outsprinted. Hllee did not have clear sailing. Sweet Caporal will
do in cheaper company. Scratched—^CattJHogan98^Floron3o99^^^^^
3O7O. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 1-16: selling: 3-year-olds and up: value to flrst. $325.
~~ ~ ~j ~ [ ' ~ — — 1 Bettlas.
Index Horse, Age.'^ei«ht.lSt. H- %• Btr. Pin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3055* Artilla 4...... ...112 7919 l*ill O. W. Carroll Mounce 4 5-2
3044 Ulm 5. ..........105 10 ¦ 8»4 8 1' 3% 22 Holcomb & Smith. Troxlr 20 8
3040 Castake; 6..... ...105 3 ; 12 1,% • 2 % • 3 1 O. W. Boesccke.Birknrth 3 18-5
¦3O4»> El Foase, 3-. ....105 1 "21^5 %" - ¦* 1 ' 4 n Burns & Waterhsc.Bnch .2 ltt-5
'. 2883- Sylvan J-ass, 5. ..107 "» '4 4 h 5'2 :5n John Kane... .Prior 5 15
'3055 Expedient, 4:.. ...105 6 10 10 "/7 2.61 P. E. Smith.... '.McGinn 8 25
¦ 3004 Limelight, 5 ..105 B 6 1 2 2 .- 6'% 7 1 George Hecox....J. Daly! 10 20
3033 Col.. Ball' tyne, 3. .115 4' 7.1 -61 8 1 SM D. Wheelihan... Jackson 5 9
3052 Einstein,' 6. 1C5 8 5h 7 1. 9 5 -96 G. Levy., T. Burns H 10
; 3052. Dk ofc.York II. a.. 110 2 r 3 %' 3 h 10 10 . I. Morehouse.W.NarvaezI 20 50
Time— %,';:24ii;'%, :49%; %, 1:14%; mile, 1:41%; mile and a sixteenth, 1:43. Good start.
Won' easily. Second and third driving. "Winner, C. W. Carroll's br. m., by Artillery-Duch
ess of Towers, Artiila must have received two bad rides in the past. Ulm came with quite a
rush.- Castake couldn't keep up the clip.'- El Fonse cut off badly on backstretch. Too
much weight on Colonel Ballantyne. Scre.tched-'-Redwald 112.
He ;has'-shown"sucti marked . ability >the
members.of ' the Olympic ;Club ¦ have been
ai'xious to see him- pitted against the .best
men in' the country.' >. There J has ; been a
quiet movement on foot for some- time to
send him :to, the : next -..tournament' of ' the
Amateur Athletic Union. '¦: -This . culmin
ated yesterday in the decision, of the, club
officials to send him as'the representative
of the-win'eed "O." " ; . ¦- ','.¦¦ ¦-, -."-.. .' ¦ vV ; .' '¦'.'<
Britt; is considered ,the- greatest, light
weight developed -6n^ this .coast. He »is
thoroughly gaine, is an awkward man for
an opponent Uo hit and* has a punch in
either hand which will stop any boxer*- —
' James vBrltt; .; the V ; amateur v champion
lightweight . boxer, will compete . in ° the-
East this apring. '¦. : This was decided .'yesr
terday by'the officialslof the\Olympic;Ath
letic Club. ..'• • :¦••¦• ;,; . ; ; .:¦.,.; •;,'•-".- ¦;-.;"-v ..>.;;;
- For/someitlme .past '', the •. professional
promoters 'havejbeeri making overtures to
the hard , hfftih'g . amateur to enter .the
rcnks •: of I the paid - boxers., s He^ has with-'
stood all.their blandishments... as- he> did
not care' to cross ..thevllnevjilvldins the
- Oui Here.
Considered ', ;ttie ;•¦..;; Cleverest
Boxer^Ever Turned -
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
-Ranach onTorso Maid,' one'of the-flfst
choicesin the opening sprint, took a run
at the 'barrier , and ¦ beating . the, others
•away; was never headed. ,' Tomniy .Bur n3
-astride "Malaspinsuianded' the' fllly in the
place ahead of Cathello. The latter ran a'
fine face, 'coming from far back in the
rear. \ Nonie was cut off two or three
¦times. ¦¦;•'• ¦ .
-The Burns, & Waterhouse stable entry.
Dangerous Maid, captured the seven fur
long,selling event .from' Coming Event, in
a; close finish. -The last' named • mare,
piloted by.' Troxler, made all -the running
fend was only nabbed on the .last stride.;
.Edgardo,' the ..second choice,-' ran into the'
shdwC . l ." -.r-.-.'" ':'-'¦¦ " "¦¦ ¦¦-.-' - ; - ¦ ¦ : . . : - '
",-After being almost left at the post Isb-'
tar. .pegged ; "al6ngT ¦ from > behind, ; beating
¦ Jacqueminot, the favorite, a neck for the
five "furlong two T year-61d dash. The first
choice '-had no excuse; getting- away : wsll
and then quitting as the wire was ap
proached. The > winner went to the post
a 4 to 1 chance. Show honors- went to
Rubino, a well-backed 6 to 1 shot.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's Princess
Titania appears a difficult one to down
with 90 pounds up. Little Redfern again
had the leg up on the filly and she ran
in ahead of a fast collection of speed In
the fifth number. A 2 to 1 choice Red
fern trailed Lee Jackson on Vantlne to
the stretch and then . won cleverly in
1:13%: Fitzkanet closed well, gaining third
place honors. ¦ •-..-¦
Artiila made the 'other nine starters In
the concluding mile and a sixteenth sell
ing run look dirt cheap. She shot out
of. the bunch when ready and won with
plenty to spare from Ulm. v
The major portion of the faces furnished
a contest; there being no hollow, victories.
Torso Maid, Dangerous Maid,' Princess
Titania and, Artiila all won, going td "ther
post favorites in the rihs. • - ." '¦ ¦'¦ . ¦¦¦'¦. ¦'...,
better than average . prices pre
vailed in the ring. Rollick, the: cleverest
of ¦ the" Burns & "VVaterhouse. ' stable now
toiling:, sustained his reputation., by sub
duing Marshal Neil and four other'use
ful platers In the mile purse run.. .Be*au.
Ormonde, on the" strength; of his aris
tocratic breeding and because of some
good. work in the mornings, had the honor
of being made favorite for' this I 1 event.
He • again V proved a disappointment, re
tiring* gracefully,' after, chasing Icicle for,
half a mile. . Rollick nailed, Marshal Nell
'at' the paddock, scoring by . a head .In. a.
busy drive. Willie Buchanan rode a splen-|
did race on . the ' winner. ¦'. ¦'¦ - . .
v» ... yERY little fault > could De found
.\V / with the card at Oakland yester-
Vi/ • day. The fields; were evenly bal
-' V. . ; anced, '.with a consequence that
Lightweight Champion
to Represent the
. ; Olympia Club"
Favorites Have a Turn for the Better, Taking Four Purses at
Oakland— Princess Titania Outsprints a Crowd of Fast Ones.
' Ishtar Downs Jacqueminotr—Mounce Lands Artiila in Front
BRITT WILL BOX
IN NEW YORK
ROLLICK DEFEATS MARSHAL NEIL
WITH LITTLE TO SPARE AT THE END
FOOTBALL HEEROES WILL MEET AT THE TOURNAMENT OF ROSES
MICHIGAN'S ALL-CONQUERING ELEVEN'
AWAITS THE RUSH OF THE |ffl|l|
Adherents of the Ann Arbor Giants Offering to Wager Ten to
One That the Stanford University Team Will' Not Score in
the Game. To-Day at Pasadena— Large Attendance Expected
THE - SA3S FKANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, l!)02.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Speeialists
tMen
Largest Practice
on the
Pacific Coast.
Dr.Talcott&Co.
Many Men Treated for a Weok-
' ness Which Never Existed.
IN THE LARGEST PROPORTION ov
JSti ™ ' K. y i npt0 ?? 3 i kaown »» "weakness." cV£
tain morbid conditions of the urethra and dtos
o^Y^a te ra^too^o^Vn^^S
£sg5tae SF&8& Sags
the embarrassed miffererTthes^frou^orSl, w
the unnroff sslonal natlenf %«,.-?. * rvfn
Portland Office: 2504 Aider St., Cor. 3il
SanFrancIsso OfSss: 997 Market. Cor. 6lt
ADVERTISE^NTS^^^
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. £*<£% ¦
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
. to. All Who Write. *
Free trial 'packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
•wrtll write to the Stale Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trjal
packages to all who write.. Jt is a home
treatment, and: all men who suffer from
any \ form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
tstrenglh and memory, weak back; varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. - • ' .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building:. * Fort
Wayne,- Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages; will be'eom-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de- ]
fcirous of reaching that great class or men :
who are unable to leave ' home to be i
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully pealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment . or : pub-
licity. Readers arc requested to write
without delay. *TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United : States 'Coast - and - Geodetic Survey —
Times _ and ¦ Heights ¦ of High and Low
Waters - at Fort • Point, > entrance > to San
Francisco Bay. Published . by official au
thority of .the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of ttde~ls . the | same < at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY . 1.
NOTE — In the above exposition . of the "tides
the early morning tides are given in the .left
band column and -. the successive tides ; of' tbe
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day, except when there are but three tides, . as
sometimes occurs. . The heights - given ' are In
addition. to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height and then tbe number
given is subtracted from the depth given by tha
charts. The plans of referenca Is the mean of
the ' lower low waters: ¦
Shipping . Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .. .
. - Tuesday,'; December. 31." ..
, • : Stmr.: Signal, Bendegard,- 5S hours • fm* Cocs
. Southern >Bailway; Appointments.
The Southern Railway has appointed G.
F. - Bradley commercial agent for this city
andiU.- Q. ¦ Soule commercial agent for ;tha
company' at ¦-. Denver. The appointments
go Into t»lff ect ; to-day.
Buena 1 Vista's Festival.
. On -Thursday^ evening, next Buena Vista
1 Parlor of the Laughters : of ; the
Golden"- West . will have ;a! holiday enter
tainment for members only: It • will * be a
combination ¦ Christmas ; and -, New 'Tear's
festival, and an . excellent programme of
entertainment win be f presented.
Time Ball.
Branch' Hydrographio Office. U. S. N.." Mer
chants' . Exchange. Ean ¦ Francisco. Cal.,
¦ 1 ' December 31, ,1901." 'if-:
. The : Time; Ball *. on the; tower of the Ferrr
building was. dropped I exactly • at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian,,or at 8
p. m., Greenwich - mean time. I
-' ¦ 'W. -H. .STANDLBT,
'.. -Lieutenant U.; S..Navy.. In Charge.
Grain : for Europe.
. : The British .< ship Sir Robert . Fernie was
cleared yesterday for Hull England,- with the
following cargo:- 65,420 ctls barley, valued at
$52,630; , 31,998 ctls wheat, ¦ valued - at ; $35,200:
54 gals ' and 3 6 * cs . wine, ¦: velued - at < $140,"- and
25, 000 ' feet lumber , as dunnage, . valued ; at $375.
The British ship Bracadale was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for. orders with 68,164
ctls wheat, • valued ;at $67,960. and 20,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $300. -,„
Notice to Mariners.
SAN i FRANCISCO HARBOR— CALIFORNIA.
-.-¦ , - "SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 31: ..
• Notice is ¦ hereby > given : that ' Packard : Rock
buoy. '- second-class > spar, red ; and black ' hori
zontal ¦ stripee, marking Packard . Rock in < Mis
sion r Bay, San > Francisco - harbor, ; California,"
which recently dragged , l out •:¦ of position, ¦ has
been • replaced -, in . 19% ; feet of 'water ¦ in < about
its old 'position, on -the -following bearings:
Oakland ¦ harbor lighthouse, '¦¦ NE %, N. ¦> • •
j>* Point. Avisadero,' 1. SE ¦•'%¦• S. .-""' •
.'West end Mission Rock wharf.N by-W%;TVY
> This notice affects , the .List , of. Beacons ¦ and
Buoys, k Pacific Coast,' 1001," page 22. , -
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
I. , :¦;'¦'¦ ',"-: , -J.B. MILTON, .
.^- ' , 1-T" • n Commander, ; U. S.
' * * Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District. ?-
NEWS OF -.THE : OCEAN.
- The : British -'. bark Renfield ' is . chartered for
wheatat Portland for » Europe, 36s-3d,'prlor to
arrival. . ... "« ¦' v .;..-.-,; .-. ..:....• -.-'-.. ,
The British bark Cambrian Chieftain loads
wheat at Tacoma, and the British shlp'Anaurus
wheat.at Portland, for Europe. ", , : -
• The ' schooner Eva' will load ; redwood at Eu
reka for Honolulu.' : ¦. j - ". - -, , ., ¦
Australia Delayed.
, Repairs to. the machinery, of 'the mail
steamship. Australia ' will -delay that vessel
nearly a week. . She was. to have' sailed on
the 4th inst., but ' it will ¦ be ! the 10th Inst.
before, she -gets away, i On that" date -she
will be ready-for her long run to.Tahitl. '¦
.Water Front Notes.
-The steam schooner Signal arrived from
Coos. Bay yesterday -with .the: little 'tug
Comet ; in tow. j^The latter will be used on
the water- front*. by| a- local: contractor.
She Js a handy;llttle craft and will-prove
valuable: in towing, barges and: piles.
The : ships Marion Frazer and ¦: Scottish
Isles _both sailed for Queenstown yester
day. They will . run : into, • some pretty
heavy .weather outside, but, as: the wind
will be favorable they should - make a
good run. • 4"- . - .*--•.- . - ,. ; . ... ;
Captain T. A.. Nerney. and Commander
George W. Bauer, of the training, ship
Marion paid a visit to Rear Admiral Glass
at Goat Island and also to the French
cruiser Protet yesterday. They were cor
dially received and; had a pleasant time. '
* 'A. team from the naval apprentices on
Goat' Island- and 'a team chosen', from the
members of the Naval Reserve will play
a game of football on the Goat Island res
ervation- to-day. The betting -is i two to
one on the apprentices. ' - " ' ¦
Steamship Columbia Floated.
.-The .steamship ., Columbia,': which ran
aground near St. Helens,^ on- the, Columbia
"River, three I days . ago,-, was ¦• floated-yes
terday and continued on her way. frpni
Portland to Astoria and San Francisco.
When the Columbia ran ashore, a crew
was taken to the scene and the cargo was
temporarily transferred to lighters, .while
the passengers were returned to Portland
on the steamship Elder, which -happened
by. -So'far as has been learned the steam
ship suffered no damage, though- she
would j have been badly strained • had . she
remained aground much longer. She was
on-the sandbar for. two days. The;disas
fter occurred during the prevalence of the
heaviest fog that has hung over the upper
river for years, and which completely tied
up shipping for three days.
Is 'Again in Commission.
" The German bark Willy Rlckmers is again
in 1 commission. She arrived here on April
21 last; from Hiogo in distress. : She had
been caught, in a- typhoon and >was dis
masted. Under jury masts she made" port
however; and was sent to the Union Iron
Works for repairs. Then came the -strike
and the long wait -for' material from the
Kast.- Finally the missing spars were re
placed and the. vessel got once more. into
trim. She has since been loaded, and will
probably sail for Queenstown to-day with
a cargo of wheat. • <¦ .
beam ends" half a dozen times, and on
many occasions the- crew thought.- the
masts would roll out of her. For two
weeks the decks were awash and most
of the time there was from two to three
feet of water racing through the scup
pers, and members of the crew took their
lives in their hands every time they went
on the main deck. .
_ For twelve days the Carleton was off
Honolulu; and once she had a narrow
escape from going on Molokai. In his
effort to , wear ship Captain Amesbury
lost nearly an entire suit of sails, but. he
got . his vessel around,, nevertheless, and.
brought her into port. The Carleton was
badly battered, but not seriously dam
aged, and will be back here with a load
of sugar in another month or so. .
Captain Amesbury of the Carleton was
anxious to meet his brother, who is mas
ter of the Roanoke, in Honolulu. He was
.praying for favorable breezes, therefore,
when he left Tacoma,. but ran into a
storm that lasted^ thirty days. While the
Carleton was battling with the elements
the, Roanoke was speeding toward- San
Francisco before a favoring. breeze, so the
brothers did not meet. : If may, now. be
years before the -two brothers come to
gether again, as the Roanoke < on. her ar
rival here will load for New York,- while
the Carleton. on her return ; will probablv
BO to Australia. . : ' ;
¦Captain of Detectives Seymour when In
formed of. the ' robbery. stUd that he had
no advices c further than the reports con
tained In - the > newspapers: ; He does not
think : that ; the work •• was - done by the
same parties who robbed Uhe strongroom
of the steamer Alameda of $25,000 some
years ago. --'..- ¦ -..-- ' ¦ \
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 23 hours from Port
Harford. ¦ ¦ ' , .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 35 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr . Alameda, Herriman, 6 days 6 - hours
64 mln from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Stmr, Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr ¦ Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 25 hours f m
Eureka, bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers. * ; . - ¦¦.... . ...... .
Stmr Greenwood, • Fagerlund, 13 hours from
Point Arena. ¦ • ¦ - • • ¦ , - . ¦
Stmr Meteor, Jensen,'* 21' hours from Eureka,
bound to Redondo; put in for coal. • ¦ • ' .
Br bark Kinjt Alfred; Mitchell, 81 days from
Newcastle, Aus. . ¦
Tug i Comet, Johnson, 56 hours from, Coos
Bay, in tow of stmr Signal.
i-i.V-o* ' Tuesday, December, 31.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Ladysmith; C T Bow
ring. . . , • .
Stmr "Walla Walla," Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
6er stmr Herodot. / Langkoft, Vancouver; J
D Spreckels & Bret Co. ' • ,
Br ship Bracadale, Youlden, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co. .: .
-¦¦• Br ship Sir Robert Fernte, Cannon, Hull; E
CiHoarst. , . ¦--,'
SAILED,': % 4 j
1 f" -ty-'A Tuesday, December 131.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle: -
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr, Gipsy, ' Leland. Santa Cruz. v
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Ladysmith.
Semr Celia. Adler, — — .
. Stmr South Coast, .Olsen, .'.
Br^hlp Marion Frazer, Irish, Queenstown.
Br , shlD . Scotish Isles, Stone, Queenstown.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevig, Eureka. -
* Schr Iila McKay, Lcihola. Kureka.
, • TELEGRAPHIC.
EOINT^LOBOS— Dec 31. 10 p m —^Weather
hazy; -wind NE; velocity, 12 miles per hour.
V : - SPOKEN.;
Per ¦ tUK Fearless at Honolulu — On Dec 22.
IS miles NE of Diamond Head, spoke schr F
M.SiaJfe.from Tacoma for Manila. Vessel re
ported . liavintr ¦ met heavy weather, during
which ..water tanks were burst ; . \ cave him a
supply of ' fresh water and schr ; proceeded. .
;;::;, MISCELLANEOUS.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec 31— Fr ship Asie ca-
reened on dock while discharging ballast.
Everything -Rone- except mizzen and lower
main mast. Resting easy against dock; star
board rail 'four feet under water.
SblpSD Carleton, at Honolulu Dec 22. from
Tacoma, reports having: met very heavy weath
er, ship thrown on beam ends, rigging strain
ed and sails carried away; decks were full of
water • for two weeks at a time.
.: DOMESTIC PORTS. .
BANDON— Arrived Dec 30 — Schr Bessie K,
hence Dec 23. •
TACOMA — Sailed Dec > 30— Schr Americana,'
for i San Pedro.' :
.TACOM-A— Arrived : Dec 31 — Stmr Asuncion,
hence'Dec. 27. : '• • - '
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 31 — Br stmr Selkirk.
, from | Ladysmith ; Br shlD Duke of Fife, from
Japan; stmrs City, of Puebla and Asuncion, fm
San v Francisco. '•¦¦¦ ¦-:'.•¦..
Sailed Dec 31— Br stmr Braemar, for Japan.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 31— Ger shit) Alster,
for Queenatown/
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 20— Schr Robert
Searles, : from Newcastle. 21 — Bark . Albert,
hence Dec. 2; schr Novelty, from Newcastle;
ship S D, Carleton, . from Tacoma. 22— Br
stmr.Mlowera," from Victoria. 23 — U S sttnr
H.ancock, <¦. hence Dec .16; bktn Irmgard, hence
Dec. 8; schr-H ' D Bendlxsen. from Port Blake
ley; : Br ¦ ship -Lord Shaftesbiiry, from Ham-,
burg; srhr Susie M Plummer, from Newcastle;
bark Ceylon, fm' Port Gamble. 24— liktn Kllk-
Itat, frcm Port* Gamble. ."
¦ Sailed Dec 20— Schr Mary E Foster, . for Port
Blakeley." ; 21— Schr Robert < Searles, : for Eleele ; I
schr John' G' North. : for . • j- 22 — Schr F»S
Redfleld, for Port Townsend; Br stmr Mlowe
ra,'-for Australia. 23 — Schr Alice Cooke. for
Port Gamble; bark R P Rithet, for San Fran
cisco. " ' - ,• . -
KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 20— Bktn Quick
step, from Tacoma. • ¦¦
• Arrived ¦ Dec 20 — Bark Amy . Turner,
hence > Nov J 23;' ship Marion Chilcott, hence
Nov 29. .. - \
ELEELE — Arrived Dec ,10— Schr Churchill,
from - Newcastle, Aus. ; <-¦ •, .
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Tosa Maru,
for Oriental: r>orts. \ '¦¦- . -." ... .-,.,¦
' ' SEATTLE — Arrived J Dec 30— Stmr Cottage
City, - frcm Alaska.
Sailed Dec 30— Stmr City : of . Seattle, , for
Skagway;stmr Jeanle, for Valdez.. • t - •
-Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Cottage City," for SItka.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Dec 31 — Stmr : W - H
Krujrer, hence • Dec ~n »l "«L^" f !5ll'*f i*>unimj
.POINTREYES— Passed Dec 31 at 2:30 p m
— Stmr Meteor,-. from i Eureka for San Diego.
PORTLAND — Arrived" Dec 31 — Stmr lrby,
from - Fremantle; •¦. ship- Wendur, from : Valpa
raiso!-bark; Bertha, from Santos; schr Win
chester, ' from San Francisco. ¦ * - - ¦.«-¦.-•=
Sailed Dec 31— Bark Jean Barte/for Queens
town.'.'--'- ' •"• ¦.'¦• . -.-• ¦¦¦• . •-.-.¦
PORT - LOS ANGELES — Arrived Dec ' 31-^
Schr ' Sea Witch; - stmr, Whitesboro.
Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Whitesboro.
BOWENS .'¦ LANDING — Sailed Dec 31 — Stmr
Scotia*.i for San Francisco.' ?-.-.
: - UMPQUA — Sailed i Dec . 29-^Schr ¦ Zamoa, - for
San- Ped ro;- schr. Beulah,, for San Pedro. . ;
- EUREKA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Ruth, hce
Dec i 29 :' stmr Eureka," • hence • Dec 30. / •• . ..
¦ -Sailed Dec 31 — Stmr Westport, for San Fran
cisco.- .¦•¦ ¦ ¦ '. v .:-¦"' H .-:,..¦'¦¦
NEAH -i BAT — Passed out — Dec - 31 — Schr
Americana,- from .Tacoma for San Pedro. . - ... '
ASTORIA— Arlved. Dec 31— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence : Deo 20; . stmr ¦ Fulton,', hence Dec
28; sohr Churchill, from. Eieele. «•¦ ¦
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec • 31 — Bark Olura, for
Queenstown.* ¦¦ ' "-'<: ..¦'--•:'¦,.¦..¦'¦ '¦¦¦ <
fc Sailed Dec 31 — Stmr Columbia and Lakme;
for San Francisco. : .
.:-. FORT BRAGG — Sailed Dec - t 31 — Stmr Noyo,
for ; San - Francisco. ' . • • .
CASPAR— Sailed . Dec 31— Stmr Luella, for
San Francisco. .-•• . ¦ ...
: . • . FOREIGN 1 PORTS.
t NANAIMO— Arrived : Dec ; 2S— Nor ' stmr TI
tania, hence Dec 24. . . . -¦ .
-Sailed .Dec 28-^ Aus ' stmr .* Maria, for ' San
Francisco.'" '¦'¦ -^ '..'¦•¦¦ '"¦-¦"¦;«,-'¦•-¦-'¦- ¦•
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 20— Br '< ship Cla
verdon,'from Tacoma.- '". ' . .
- NAPLES— Arrived : Dec 20— Br, stmr Glen
turret;-from OreconA' . ¦ -; .
jVALPARAISO— Arrived „ Nov .-< 14-^-Br -stmr
Colombia; hence Sept 28, . and sail ¦ Nov 20 for
Central American • ports.' .-, - . 'y- : • : . v ¦ - ,,.-;,-.'
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov. 1&— Br ship Ken-'
slngrton, ¦ for Oregon.' ¦ :; . -^
¦ ¦-' VALPARAISO — Sailed. Dec '30— Ger ' stmr
Luxor," for : San ¦ Francisco. : . .'
¦ NEWCASTLE, :: NSW— Sailed ; Dec ' ¦ 28— Br
ship Crocodile. . for. San • Francisco.
;;- HONGKONG— Arrived' Dec 31 — Br stmriDo
rlc.ihence Dee(3.'VQn>WPB«^BM|iMi
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 31 — Stmr.. China.
for. San Francisco.: - - ;K s* a *CBO*^SMH
- HONGKONG— Sailed jDec . 25— Stmr Glenroy,'
fromiTacomaforvLondon' via' Suez...:. . . -
• DO VER— Passed t Deq : 31— Ger, ship Colum -
bia.'fl from ; Port tBlakeley.forp London. •. .
.-.j YOKOI'lVM A— Sailed 5 Dec J27— Br stmr,;Em
press of : *.tanan.'|foriVancouver." ¦ . •-..--.
¦-:¦ YOKOHAMA— In v ; Port ,1 Dec 17— Ger .' bark
HONOLULU, H. I., Dec. 24.— The United
States ; mail on ' board - the interisland
steamer .Kinau was tampered with be
tween Friday night' and- Saturday morn
ing.': 'A '-"pouch t containing $15,000 in gold
and currency was r taken * from : the mail
room. J The theft was discovered on Satur
day/morning when the • postal" authorities
•went .; to , get v the mail from .the ivessel.
Some hours afterward the Inside pouch
'^f the registered mail, bag jvas .found on
the water front.: It was cut open and the
contents were missing: /The . tag -oni the
bag showed .' that « it • was from Honokaa,
Hawaii..'. . .- ¦ - •:¦-¦¦ ,---,•--.•
The Kinau belongs to the Wilder Steam
ship Company, -and reached Honolulu
about midnight Decembers 20. When: the
postal officials went to transfer the mall
bags from; the steamer to the wagons on
the * wharf one was found missing. " >,
- Included In a batch of mall matter from"
island ; ports were forty-six sacks, r The
door • of the mailroom . was securely
fastened." Inside appearances / indicated
t#at a : wholesale loot of- the 'room had
been contemplated. The mail sacks were
thrown .-- around, »* but none were opened.
Only - the | pouch containing the registered
mail was missing. Another pouch contain
ing money and much more valuable than
the one stolen was overlooked. -Y'.'A .
As 3O0n as the . robbery was discovered
High .' Sheriff ; Brown • and . a" force of; of
ficers '. commenced an investigation,
were unable to obtain any. clews. The rob
bery is similar in many reaepcts to those
which occurred on the steamers Alameda
and Aorangl some time ago. - . .
¦ ¦ ¦-•''•- ¦ - \ ¦ •
Theft Is Discovered When
..Island Steamer Kinau
\ v Reaches Honolulu.
Pouch Containing Fifteen
llibusand Dollars
Is Stolen.
ROBBERS BREAK
INTO MAIL ROOM
SHIP S. D. CARLETON MEETS HARD
LUCK DURING HER RUN TO HAWAII
Mail Steamship Alameda Brings News That^ri- Several Qecasipns
the Windjammer Was on Beam Ends arid Once Nearly Went
Ashore on Molokai— Transport^ Sheridan Saijs'rTp-Day for Manila
GAYLY WELCOME
INCOMING YEAR
Pleasure Reigns at Two
Leading Social
Clubs.
Unique Features of Pretty
Entertainments Are
Enjoyed.
Sidney Ehrman, who took the leading
part in the play, scored a pronounced hit.
The sieging of the club sextet was also a
prominent feature of the affair.
J. Dannenbaum, ¦ Milton A- Bremer, Mrs.
Otto Irving Wise and Miss Hedwig Ros
enbaum. Miss Cecile Haas entertained
the guests also with vocal selections. Tne
Concordia double quintet sang several
eongs which were vigorously applauded.
The members of the Quintet were Daisy
Schweitzer, - Carolyn Rosenthal, Mae
Marian Cohen, Melanie E. Levy, Camilla
V. Meyer, Milton A, Bremer, Eugene El
kus, Melville Schweitzer, Arthur J. Dan
nenbaum and Sylvan D. Davis.
A-fter the entertainment a banquet was
served and the members of the club re
eponded to toasts appropriate to the sea
son and the organization. The affair
closed with the grand annual ball while
1901 passed away and the new year was
born, Nearly 500 guests were present and
the reception was one of the most suc
cessful in the history of the Concordia.
The San Francisco Verein's celebration
of the advent of 1902 was similar to that
of its sister fraternity. About 300 mem
bers and guests were present. A pleasing
programme was rendered, Including vocal
and Instrumental music, a banquet and
the annual ball.
"In Honor Bound," a play In one act,
was given by members and friends of the
club. The cast was composed of Arthur
clubhouses last night. Hundreds of
guests were present at the annual merry
making of each organization and the oc
casions were most enjoyable for all con
cerned. Each clubhouse was artistically
decorated with flowers and potted plants.
At the Concordia the usual scene of the
transformation of the old year into the
new was presented.
The Concordia Club and the San Fran
cisco Verein held their customary New
Year's eve receptions at their respective
CHARLES SCJ4.U.LTZ BOOKED
ON CHARGES OF FOBGEBY
Charles Schultz was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on two charges of for
gery, by Detectives "Byram and Bell. He
was arrested last Saturday night, by Po
liceman Fraher at the store of F. F.
"Wright & Co., S26 Market street, while
trying to pass a forged check for $19 on
the Nevada Bank. He had on December
14 passed a forged check for $30 drawn
on the National Bank, purporting to be
signed by H. Ash, a painter, on J. J.
Gildea, tailor, Grant avenue and Market
street, getting a. suit of clothes and the
change in cash. He also on December 24
passed a forged check purporting to be
signed by F. K. Carlin. a painter,- for $17.
drawn on the National Bank on LJppit &
Fisher, shoe dealers, 645 Market street,
gettir.s a pair of lady's shoes and the
change.
His Habit of Issuing False Checks
Gets Him Into Serious
Trouble.
¦ ¦ - - ' '.'¦¦¦..••-'•-¦ - ¦¦-¦'¦ ' ;..•¦-¦ ' ' . - . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO vCAIiIj, WEDNESDAY; ;^^NI^RY; 1, -1902.
5
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVB.
Thekla, for Astoria." • ; -- .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Glen
shall, from Tacoma and Seatle for Hongkong.
¦ COLOMBO— Sailed Dec 28— Br stmr Moyune.
for England/ ¦-¦••- --¦>,.,•¦ ¦.•tX-st\ >
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 59-^Stmr Newport,
for San' Francisco; stmr.. Acaoulco, for, Pan
. ANTOFOGASTA— In ¦ port Nov 10— Chll bark
Bertha, for Puget Sound.
LIVERPOOL— In -port Dec, 7— Br , ship
Monkbarns, • for San Francisco. ! '•'•,;
. MOLLENDO — In nort Nov 1— Br ship Ro
churst,'- for Astoria. ¦• '-- ¦•
CAPE TOWN- Sailed Nov 20 — Br bark Tor
rlsdale, for Astoria- .'---- • - ¦ "
•;¦ - SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Si
erra/ from ; San Francisco via Honolulu and
Auckland. '¦':' : • •
. SHANGHAI— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Glenfarg.
from Tacoma for London. * ¦¦:¦¦ • •
- ST VINCENT, C V — Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr
Glenlogan. from Tacoma for • Hull.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
':NEW YORK— Sailed . Dec 31— Stmr Celtic.
for Liverpool; stmr Furnessla, for Glasgow.
HALIFAX— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Numld
ian, from Livehrpool for St John, N B.
6T VINCENT, C V — Arrived Stmr Cycle, fm
San Francisco for London.
BOULOGNE — Sailed Dec 31 — Stmr Palatla,
from Hamburg for New York,
vessel goes to the sugar ' refinery to dis-'
charge, and all the stevedores will get
double pay. - . :
Those who came home in the cabin. of
the Alameda were:
B. F. Armstrong, R. L. Atkins, R. Berens
and wife, Mrs. Barclay, J. -Conn. J. H. Corco
ran and wife, E. J. Cotton, E. C. Davis, L. B.
Hunt, •« J. A. Kennedy. R. Keating, Miss M.
Lahany, M. Lamont, U. S. Leet, S. S. Levy,
Mrs. LiMbridge, D. Lawrence, C. Meese, J.
Michaels, C. H. Moore, Miss J. E. Morse, J.
E. Ohlandt and wife, Mrs. T. A. Pettus, J. B.
Reed and wife, H. V. Reeves, Y. T. Richards,
Mrs. Sergeant. Miss Sargeant, i W. K. Snow,
W. S. Stitt. Miss L. l'Artigrue and J. Zantgraf.
The mail boat brings some additional
particulars of the hard time the S. D.
Carleton had during her run from Puget
Sound to Honolulu. The Honolulu papers,
in an interview with Captain Amesbury,
make him say it was the - worst storm
he ever encountered in his twenty-eight
years of sea life. The vessel was on. her
The Alameda brought up thirty-six
cabin and forty-four steerage passen
gers. Her cargo is mainly composed of
sugar, coffee and- bananas, besides $10,000
In silver and $30,000 in gold. Early in the
afternoon the entire crew was paid oft.
and given a chance to go. up town and
buy New Year's presents. To-day the
make a very fast run, neverthe
less, taking six days and seven hours to
cover the 2100 miles. The reason for hor
early arrival •was due to ' the fact that
she left the inlands ahead of | time in
order to land her passengers in San
Francisco in time for New Year's day.
Some heavy northwest weather was ex
perienced during the run up, but it di3
not delay the mail boat any.
THE Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's Alameda arrived from.
Honolulu yesterday morning a
day ahead "of time. She did not
SHIP S. D. CARLETON, OWNED IN SAN FRANCISCO, THAT NARROWLY ESCAPED DESTRUCTION . OFF THE
COAST OF MOLOKAI IN A HUKRICANE THAT EASTED TWELVE DAYS', BEING SAVED FROM GOING
ASHORE ONLY BY A SLANT OF WIND v
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan.
Empire. . .... Coos Bay - Jan.
Columbia../. Portland & Astoria.. .. Jan.
Coronado. . . . San Pedro Jan.
Maria Nanaimo ..." Jan. .
Lakme. .. Portland & Astoria.... Jan.
S. Portland. . . Seattle ¦ Jan.
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Jan.
San Pedro. ... San Pedro ............ Jan.-
Navarro Point Arena Jan.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... Jan.
Santa Koaa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Jan.
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Jan.
Eureka.. Humboldt Jan.
Edith... Seattle ...¦ •"..... Jan.
Nome City... Seattle Jan.
Czarina .. Seattle & Tacoma ..... Jan.
City Peking'.. China & Japan Jan.
Strathgyle... Portland .; Jan.
Nlcarla...... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan.
Klval ... Willapa Harbor .... Jan.
Santiago Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan.
North Fork . . Humboldt . .*. Jan •
Pomona...... Humboldt ' •¦••• Jan.
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan.
Asuncion Tacoma Jan. .
State of CaU. San Diego & Way. Ports Jan.
Ventura..... Sydney & Way Ports... Jan.
Argo Coqullle River ....<... Jan.
Newburg... .. San Pedro .." ..'... Jan.
Newport...".. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan.
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan.
Sequoia Grays Harbor .......... Jan.
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan.
Pt. Arena..:. Point Arena. ".:.... Jan.
Santa Ana. . ." Seattle & .Tacoma ...... Jan.
1
1
1
1
- 1
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
3
3
3
i'
4
4
5
5
5
5
ti
6
6
7
7
7
9
9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Empire....
State Cal..
Walla Wall
Mandalay..
C. Nelson.'.
Area t a
San Pedro.
Alliance...
Pomona...
G. Dollar..
Nome City.
Bonlta.
Lakme
Coronado. .
Columbia..
' January 1. I
Coos Bay.
San Diego & Way..
Puget Sound Ports..
January '2.
Coqullle River
Los Angeles ........
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt ...".
Portland & Way Pta
Huinboldt ..........
Grays Harbor.......
San Diego
Newport & Way Pts
i ; January 3. ¦
Astoria & Portland.
Grays Harbor
Astoria & Portland..
. January 4.
Humboldt
Point ' Arena . : .".T^. .
Willapa Harbor ....
Seattle & Tacoma...
China >& Japan ....|
Tahiti direct; r..V.T.
Honolulu ...........
January 5. -
San Diego ¦& Way..
January O.
Grays Harbor '
Puget. Sound Ports.
Newport & Way....
January . 7. ,
Humboldt .. ........
Mexican ' - Ports .......
Seattle ¦ & Tacoma.. .
10am|Pierl3
9 ami Pier 11
11 am Pier »
5 pm Pier 2
5 prc Pier 2
2 pm Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 10
l:3Op|Fler U
5pm|Pler 2
|Pler —
9 am Pier 11
6 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11am Pier 21
0 am Pier 13
Xpmlfler »
5 pmiPier 2
10 am|Pler 2
1 pm|PMSS
10 am Pier 7
2 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
0 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 13
¦10 am Pier 7
5 pm Pier 8
Eureka. : . .
Point Arena
Rival......
J. S. Klmbff
Amer. Man
Australia. .
Alameda...
Santa Rosa
Newburg.v
Umatllla...
Coos Bay..
North Fork
Curacao. . .
Czarina. . . .
Steamer.
For.
I Salla.
Dolphin:^...:
Dirigo. ......
Ai-Ki... ¦....:
Bertha..;....
Skagway & Way Ports. [Jan.
Skagway &• "Way Forts. (Jan.
Skagway . & -Way Ports. I Jan.
Valdez and . Kodiak | Jan .
3
3
6
7
iu:
iu;
rise:
sets
»n rlsi
!S(ti
...... Y. ;;..¦..::..-. .7:23
.....5:01
ilrd* quarter). '. 0:00-a. m..
I Time I
Time Time - .\ Time
— — Ft. Ft. Ft.
L "W H W L ijV
11:50 1.9 5:41 3.8 11:07 1.8
12:49 .1.6 7:02 3.7 ..... .....
H W LWi: H W
6:52 .5.4 1:42 1.2 8:16 '3.7
7:35 • 5.4 .2:29 0.8 .9:18 3.8
8:16 5.4 3:10 0.4 10:10 4.0
8:54 :6.5 3:47 0.0 10:55 -4.2
¦9:26 " 5.5 4:21 — 0.2 11:34 4.4
0:58 5.4 4:56—0.3 ..... .;...
H W
6:16
6:05
L i W
0:02
0:51
1:40
2:25
3:09
3:481
Ft.;
2
_. 1
5:5
5.4
8 !
4
e
7
8 I
2.3
2.6
¦2.8
2.9
3.0
3.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan.
Empire. . .... Coos Bay - Jan.
Columbia../. Portland & Astoria.. .. Jan.
Coronado. . . . San Pedro Jan.
Maria Nanaimo ..." Jan. .
Lakme. .. Portland & Astoria.... Jan.
S. Portland. . . Seattle ¦ Jan.
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Jan.
San Pedro. ... San Pedro ............ Jan.-
Navarro Point Arena Jan.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... Jan.
Santa Koaa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Jan.
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Jan.
Eureka.. Humboldt Jan.
Edith... Seattle ...¦ •"..... Jan.
Nome City... Seattle Jan.
Czarina .. Seattle & Tacoma ..... Jan.
City Peking'.. China & Japan Jan.
Strathgyle... Portland .; Jan.
Nlcarla...... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan.
Klval ... Willapa Harbor .... Jan.
Santiago Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan.
North Fork . . Humboldt . .*. Jan •
Pomona...... Humboldt ' •¦••• Jan.
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan.
Asuncion Tacoma Jan. .
State of CaU. San Diego & Way. Ports Jan.
Ventura..... Sydney & Way Ports... Jan.
Argo Coqullle River ....<... Jan.
Newburg... .. San Pedro .." ..'... Jan.
Newport...".. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan.
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan.
Sequoia Grays Harbor .......... Jan.
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan.
Pt. Arena..:. Point Arena. ".:.... Jan.
Santa Ana. . ." Seattle & .Tacoma ...... Jan.
1
1
1
1
- 1
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
3
3
3
i'
4
4
5
5
5
5
ti
6
6
7
7
7
9
9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Empire....
State Cal..
Walla Wall
Mandalay..
C. Nelson.'.
Area t a
San Pedro.
Alliance...
Pomona...
G. Dollar..
Nome City.
Bonlta.
Lakme
Coronado. .
Columbia..
' January 1. I
Coos Bay.
San Diego & Way..
Puget Sound Ports..
January '2.
Coqullle River
Los Angeles ........
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt ...".
Portland & Way Pta
Huinboldt ..........
Grays Harbor.......
San Diego
Newport & Way Pts
i ; January 3. ¦
Astoria & Portland.
Grays Harbor
Astoria & Portland..
. January 4.
Humboldt
Point ' Arena . : .".T^. .
Willapa Harbor ....
Seattle & Tacoma...
China >& Japan ....|
Tahiti direct; r..V.T.
Honolulu ...........
January 5. -
San Diego ¦& Way..
January O.
Grays Harbor '
Puget. Sound Ports.
Newport & Way....
January . 7. ,
Humboldt .. ........
Mexican ' - Ports .......
Seattle ¦ & Tacoma.. .
10am|Pierl3
9 ami Pier 11
11 am Pier »
5 pm Pier 2
5 prc Pier 2
2 pm Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 10
l:3Op|Fler U
5pm|Pler 2
|Pler —
9 am Pier 11
6 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11am Pier 21
0 am Pier 13
Xpmlfler »
5 pmiPier 2
10 am|Pler 2
1 pm|PMSS
10 am Pier 7
2 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
0 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 13
¦10 am Pier 7
5 pm Pier 8
Eureka. : . .
Point Arena
Rival......
J. S. Klmbff
Amer. Man
Australia. .
Alameda...
Santa Rosa
Newburg.v
Umatllla...
Coos Bay..
North Fork
Curacao. . .
Czarina. . . .
Steamer.
For.
I Salla.
Dolphin:^...:
Dirigo. ......
Ai-Ki... ¦....:
Bertha..;....
Skagway & Way Ports. [Jan.
Skagway &• "Way Forts. (Jan.
Skagway . & -Way Ports. I Jan.
Valdez and . Kodiak | Jan .
3
3
6
7
iu:
iu;
rise:
sets
»n rlsi
!S(ti
...... Y. ;;..¦..::..-. .7:23
.....5:01
ilrd* quarter). '. 0:00-a. m..
I Time I
Time Time - .\ Time
— — Ft. Ft. Ft.
L "W H W L ijV
11:50 1.9 5:41 3.8 11:07 1.8
12:49 .1.6 7:02 3.7 ..... .....
H W LWi: H W
6:52 .5.4 1:42 1.2 8:16 '3.7
7:35 • 5.4 .2:29 0.8 .9:18 3.8
8:16 5.4 3:10 0.4 10:10 4.0
8:54 :6.5 3:47 0.0 10:55 -4.2
¦9:26 " 5.5 4:21 — 0.2 11:34 4.4
0:58 5.4 4:56—0.3 ..... .;...
H W
6:16
6:05
L i W
0:02
0:51
1:40
2:25
3:09
3:481
Ft.;
2
_. 1
5:5
5.4
8 !
4
e
7
8 I
2.3
2.6
¦2.8
2.9
3.0
3.1
ADVEIVIISEKTENTS. -
Holiday Fun ancl Folly
y<-^fSjV" Too much of a good thing I
/f\: That's what we are all lia-
.^Jl '& y^/ ble to take, during a holi-
'^\^jjfe^*t^ sn^ day season. Healthy, jolly
s>fc *- i *'"^^^j^)i \ >v people will do it and make
¦¦ i|Pfv2cr themselves sick. "In time
>0 of peace prepare for war,"
>/ -^ and have about the house a
L r^P^^^^^S —^> pleasant, perfect, palatable,
J^>^^<i^l___^^^^^ positive medicine for sour
¦^LtH&pm^^.^ ~t~* s tpmach, sick headache,
PfX colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets: Candy Cathartic is what you
want; . a tablet after a big meal s -will prevent sickness,? or
k tablet at | night ?bef ore going • to bed, after a good , tirne,
wjll fix. you •all: right for morning;, and: let; you get iip
clearas^a bell, ready -/for; business "or pleasure. • \
/77r\/»/^T» nVrv Be **for the Bowels. All druggists, xoc, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bul'-t.
lwVw%v«V%Sil The 8 enuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed - to curs or you;
W,. iiiBiir^ money back. Sample and booklet free. Address . . -c
. Sterllog Remsdy Company, Chicago or New York. US
J year carpet offering 1
I The Pacific Coast representative of one of the largest carpet- mills in the •*¦"¦¦
world remarked to us the other day: "Well, you certainly have turned the little .1
carpet world of San Francisco upside down since you opened your carpet depart- I
ment, and with the 'others' it seems to be simply a case of 'follow on.'" I
R Be this as it may, the Breuner Carpet Store is surely one of the triumphs |
i of this big business. For years we contended that San Francisco . needed a really 1
I first-class carpet store — a store that would LEAD— a store that would make its B .
jj prices RIGHT and then hold to them hard and fast without "dickering"— a store |
£ that would treat ALL customers alike. Our tremendously successful nine' months' I
¦ carpet experience has proved that we were" correct' in our contention.: These facts /^|
B will not be news to those who keep track of events in the business; world, -but < to I
'jj those of you who have "' been "out of touch" with things they should prove g
| interesting. I
fi Beginning to-morrow morning, the first business day. of 1902,; and xontin- 1
1 uing until further notice, we shall offer OUR ENTIRE LINE of ; |
j " Roxbury" tapestry carpets I
1 at 75 cents the yard I
y sewed, lined and laid on your floor. There will not be the slightest suspicion of - 1 |
I a string on this offer. We have been holding a, certain number of patterns here- |
I tofore at 75 cents — now the entire line is yours at that* figure. As much • as you . |
k want, or as little as you want. ' ' • '
a Remember this! We are building our business for a long, s long future. We |
¦ want your trade not alone for to-morrow, but for next week, next month and for the I
years to come. Under ' these' circumstances we are bound to give you the best I
I values and the best treatment that- it is possible to- give. ..And above all, bear in; I-
i mind that our newspaper statements will ALWAYS be backed up in the store. 1
'¦ A prosperous New Year to you, one and all! . , .1
I o —- — — _— — T° 1-
(Succcssors to California Furniture Go;) 1
957 to 977 Market St, Opp. pden Gag Avc.^}
For best Cloth at Moderate Pricji"
• v
JOEPOHEIM,TflETiILOB
100 H'ffereht Styles -Ali^Wool
jQ/ Suits to Order,
TT $15.50 &nd $17.50
/pCirJ^s 150 Designs forDressy~
/ \S \ Suits to Order, ¦
i %¦ \ $25.00 and $30.00
¦ 7 1 " Overcoats,
L yV $20.00 and $25.00;
I II • $uo to $iaoo
I Ik -.; 201-203 Montgomery St.
I I i 1 1 10-1 1 iz Market Street,
j -. I i.| \, S.hN FRANCISCO-
UndJ0^K}} "'¦" J 43 S. Spring Street,
<g^ .^jji LOS PNC EL ES.
THE BEST POLICY
by '-. : . :->f? -
THE BEST COMPANY,
THE 'PACIFIC MUTUAL LIFE INSUR-
ANCE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA- aa-
nounces that on and after January 1. 1903. it
will be prepared to contract with agents, for
the representation of its - . • .
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
throughout the United States.
Its new policies are the best and most liberal.
Unlimited territory and the best contracts^.
Address T. L. MILLER. Assistant Secretary.
W Room 2. Pacific Mutual Building,-
'.* San Francjactf. 'Calif.
>OT£v VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY lorMtN
• -*«^\ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
£$£&> H^a have been in use over.flrty
Eg 5vl*SVfl years by the leaders of the
BS3B^$'-^J>i2a Mormon Church and their
* Hi m^Slti^Sif^ followers. Positively cure thu
BS'jSr^fcSfcwS worst cases in old and youns
%3V^&Vr?aBr arlsin s from effects of self-
K^jJ^) *£» abuse, dissipation, excesses or
'SK*cSfe.^55 r cigarette-smoking. Cure Loat
¦^B^3a*-Sj Manhood. Impotency. Lost
TS^jSr Power. Night Losses. Insom
nla. Pains In Back. -Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, «, -^- Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner ?^ f B vous Twitching ot
Eyelids. Effects are '^ TTL Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote CcJIIS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at ha ml.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money relunded with 8 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. M Ellis «..
Ean Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third «t. . ... . ¦ . -
S visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
MUSEUi OF ANATOHY^
Qj 1531 1U2ZZT ST. tat. 6-Ji *7ti, S.y.CiJ, 4
S C The ;Lir ? «t Anatomical Museum in the \
, j^&^ World. Weaknesses or any comnctert 4
-. SP^^ * SH .' e . '•""••''y c »""« hy the oldest f
1H.HI bpeaalist on the Coast Eit. 36 years. ©
I tf SCI I DR> J0RDAN-DISEAS5S OF MEN A
tVl&T9B Consu1«»aon free and strictly private. \
i Af"« H I reitmc 5' persoreslly or by l-tter. A fi
1 * WH ¦**•***'• ct * r ««ne T «yc»s€uadert»keii.\ Y
I r I lit? w «te for Book. ?IllLO!luraVo( A
II 1^ MAHBIACE. MAILBO FRBB. fAf
ii Uf " ' book * r mrn) • " ' ¦ \
( '. DB.JOSDAX *: C-~ . 1051 Market St. S. F. V
y\ *th> *^ i *yv% j
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1S&L Con-
sultation and private boolc
free at olSceor by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST. ;
SAN^ FRANCISCO. CAXi. .
§b^ FAVORITE
JL FOR WEAK WOlrlEWI.
BBk CM!CHE«TER'S ENGLISH .
Pennyr,oyal pills
B ' ¦ ' Oriatnml sad Only O«a«ia«. -- .
A,« G*^V fcr CHICIIESTEK'S E^GUjlU
&*yS^§^V I* KEI> «a4 Cold m,t»UIe tioiw. w .;^
T^ Tate no other. RcfV*»
Vn **± %V) Oni«eroa« baltiititatlaa* ajtd Imttm.
VTS* fv> »o4"R«H*r for lL«Jl«.»t% lutm, V r*.
„ •^—"^ r , »1l »r»ffl»u. ¦ ¦' Cktohestor Chemlea] C»_
Maatiaa till* p»w. s HaOm Omrnn, rniU ~ f 2
."•>.... ¦''. - ' . ¦
r A PERMANENT CURE I
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea, \
? and Gleet, truaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
2 * dajs ; no other treatment required. 5
¦5V- •'-¦**'. Sold by all druggists. ' : S
¦ ; ;..V NEWC .WESTERN HOTEL, \ :'¦ '
KBAHNYi AND WASHINGTON STS.-RK-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan..' Rooms. SCo to U SO day;
J5 to $S week; M to J20 month. 'Free batlu;
ho rnd cold water every room; flra gratis la
\%ss. "*"*£}; '«Icv»tor,- runs all night. ' „
-. — ... .. ¦-¦*.. ... >!—Hanna and Foraker •. have : picked out a' good : time :
to have their Ohio fight. There is plenty of; time for
them" to get it over and harmonize before the next
elections take place.
The great rubber trust has been starfed with a cap
ital or but $75,000,000, which is a small amount as
trusts go in these . days ; ' but perh^^it can * strctch.V^
'-: - ' Kf :: ''liin
If there were any number of women in Congress
. the- Panama Company would surely get away with
Nicaragua. They have marked down the price of
their canal and put it on the bargain counter.
tween the United States and Canada before he quits,
but as the Canadians continue bumptious it looks as
if the old man would have to give up or else/decide. to
spend the rest of his li£e in Washington.
Nicaraguan canal question, it is said Lord Pauncefote
desires to close up the boundary controversies be-
Having closed up the Venezuelan issue and the
That the situation in New York is excellent goes
without saying. The whole country has been pros
perous and theVmetropolis : has reaped the. benefits of
handling its trade -and finance. Excellent, however,
as is the sho wing made. by the great. city, on the'At-i
lantic,; it is not j' equ.ll • in general . and diffused pros- \
perity to; tliat which is found among the '. people of
California. ;,This is the; land of the superlative.' In,
wealth, as in" weather, we are ahead of all rivals.
[ In 1850 there were ; 108 savings banks in the United
States, with 251,354 depositors, having air average de
'posit';of;$i72 76 eachi -while, in 1900 there were; 1002*
savings : b'anks, with' 5,875,456 depositors, .having ah:
average deposit of ,'$465. 80 each; so it wili; be seen
we have grown to be a thrifty people, and can afford
. to celebrate along , about ¦ Christmas . and' New Year.
The ; announcement that : "Mr; Bryan's- Commoner "
cleare'H'; $40,000 ' in ; its- first : year is a .proof that while'
a ,-.|eekly; paper is ; not exactly, a_ gold ; mine : it,' is a good }
deal .more-' profitable than |a. free;; silver; agitation.. ¦ '-
The German situation is peculiar. The. Kaiser has
had much success . in promoting the -foreign, com
merce of his people .and for a long time everything
promised to be prospcrousf but now American com
petition* has. begun to affect German trade. A con
siderable, number of industries have been ; compelled
to close 1 for a time, and, "according to'recent reports,
there are upward of 500,000 unemployed men in the
empire. ..'In Austria .the situation , is nearly as , bad,
but as the government has entered upon :an elaborate
and extensive system of public improvements 'it is
likely the idle labor will ere long have adequate;em
ployment. ¦ ..''«^ " - :
WITH epigrammatic terseness the London
Mail has summed up the conditions of the
people of the principal cities of the "dif
ferent nations; at, this season by, saying:
medium;; Paris, poor; Berlin, bad; Vienna, badf
Rome, good; St.- Petersburg, good; t New York,'ex
cellent." The-Mail might have added: "San* Fran
cisco, glorious." ' ¦ •
Reports from Europe have long* since made the
reading public of the United States fairly familiar
with the trade conditions and prospects of the lead
ing nations. Great- Britain has had the disadvantage
of a prolonged and costly-war, but out of it has
drawn something of good. The large expenditures
necessary for carrying on the war have stimulated
many lines of industry, while the number of unem
ployed has been diminished by the enlistment of men
required for the army. . Consequently, despite the
disasters of the war and the heavier taxation it has
imposed upon the people, the holiday season this
year .-has not been so bad in Great Britain as on the
Continent. -. ,
THE members and friends of the Cal
if ornia Club enjoyed their •'found
ers' day'.'< session yesterday after
noon, it fourth annivers
ary of the club'3 existence.
The entertainment was held in the au
ditorium of the Y. M. .C. A. building" and
Mrs. James 3 C. Crawford was chairman
of the day:. Mrs. J. W. Orr, gave the
"founders" a clever an interesting ad
dress, discussing the. original purpose of.
the club and its alms. toward practicabil
ity, encouraging the' members to progres
sive thought and aggressive action. Mrs.
Orr was, heartily applauded. V ,
"The Knickerbocker Dames" filled the
second half of the programme, ,'a clever
one-act play written by. Mrs. , Lovell White
and Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, prominent mem
bers of the club.' and comprising. ten char
acters, 1 one of "which, was ; well taken by
Mrs. Sexton, the others; also being played
by members. The characters were:
MrsNverDlank) Van . der Donk, Mrs. A. . D.
Sharon: Mrs. fituyvesant. Stuyvesant-Smythe.
Mrs Ella M.' Sexton; Mrs. 'Van Twlller.West
crvelt Robinson, j Miss Mabel Craft: Mrs. John
Jacob AstOr Jones. Mme. ¦ Emelia Tojettl; Mrs.
I A. M. A. Vnnderbllt, Mrs. Ed_rar R. Bry :
ant; Mrs. Livlncston DeWitt, ' Miss Elinor
Croudace; Mrs. Oracle Van Brunt Sweet. Mrs.
James C. Crawford;^ Mrs. Rors_velt Van Tas
sel Mrs. George E. Bates; Miss Dorothy Went
worth. Mi.™ Jenjlle A.i Long; ! Miss Charity
Neerdonk." Miss'; Abbte f .'awards. ; . .
Note. The Knickerbocker Dames— a society
of aristocratic ladies of New ; York. ; whose an
cestprs .were | the | early Dutch | settlers ' of New
Amsterdam, as New York was formerly called.
They were organized to find out and to'.per
petuate the valorous deeds of their .forefathers,
and to trace r thair own ' lineage ; and family
trees. ¦¦ Their .December club _ meeting -Is pre- ;
sented to the California Club with ¦ the above
cast. .'-•.-,:¦• " '¦'¦ . ¦¦'" ' " : : ¦.;.'.'' ';"./.\.' '. V . ' .
The portrayal of the \ dames— ever
'thankful "that they were not ~ as other
women whose pedigrees began yesterday
was" brought out* with intellectual shad
ing and was delicious to* v the " audience."
The players were armed with a motley &r
ray of family trees, charts, coats' o£ arms
and other : nro'per tle3, ; which ." they . ,; flour
ished with the most amusing; effect. i
" The ' : audience V. was . ; far - . from ; blase.
1 Bursts of : applause repeatedly interrupted
the ; dialogue*/. many V: loaned i , forward i in
¦ their seats, eager to c.itch every/ word,
while: others 'remained '¦ standing "with"
breathless Interest. . . ¦', '.:¦'¦¦ X . . » . .
"fit ' is ' seldqm .' that ; good;. professionals
make mere of I thoir . lines than did th6
ladles "; in\ the. cast, yesterday. -The .intel
lectual . shading \ and polish, for ; the* most
part,': could ''only -be? criticized; favorably.
In addition; to; the byplay, and. other inter
esting I points', the ladies' ,» gowns fascinated
the, audience. 2C*, '-V V
' After^ tlie i performance/; the guests went
upstairs lo "[ the club'; rooms,** where dainty
refreshments were servedand Mrs, White
and ; Mrs. ',: Sextpn ireceived .-,' an ' ovation.
The talented performers were' also con
gratulated:, - - • r
. . ¦ • ' * •-•¦-¦
; Mr.* and Mrs.. John ; D. ; Spreckels".enter
tained I about' eighty^ guests ".last {evening
for;Misscs Lillian and Grace' Spreckels at
their' homo, l Laguna ! 'street and - Pacific
avenue. : ¦.. "j",. 1 .-'" ¦ ' - '¦/ '
TheTafrair;wa3 ' most j Informal,; no.ilnvl
tatlons j.being.fsentt out, % but \ friends Iwpre
asked! personally .'i by; members'. of ; the f fun-"
ily'toicome; and t dance i the old year out
and'thefnowlyear.in::^..; <¦-.,. ;.'¦_>...? - : -,
.-The guests 'Were'- entertained with the >
; The guests of the Occidental Hotel were
entertained last evening by a "hpp" in
the dining-room by George Hooper. Ev
erybody had a . great '.time and a sumptu
ous supper was served during the even
ing. . v
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club's assem
bly and ;german took place, last, evening
In tfie beautiful new ballroom of the Pal
ace Hotel. It was an especially brilliant
event. The costumes worn were univer
sally charming, each . fair dancer being a
picture, by herself. The cotillon was led
Those present were: -Mrs. Redmond W.
Payne, Mls3 Maud Mullins. Miss Char
lotte Field, _Mise Louise Howland, Miss
Pearl Landers, Miss Edith Pllisbury; Miss
Jetsle Fillmore, Miss Edith" Simpson, Miss
Margaret Salisbury, : Miss Tiny O'Connor,
Miss Rowena Burns and Miss Virginia
Belknap. '
* • *
. Miss Pearl Sabln gave a- farewel^ lunch
eon to friends yesterday at her home, as
she leaves on Friday . for " the East." The
decorations were Japanese and chosen
with excellent taste. The large round ta
ble ,was lighted with Japanese lanterns
and candlesticks with paper shades in col
_ora.' Chrysanthemums were selected ma
"variety of colors to correspond with other
decorations and the hangings on the wall
were . in Japanese. Miss Sabin was -so
charming a hostess her guests were loth
to say adieu,* as . so lovable a girl can
scarcely be spared.' ;\
Spreckels'. usual hospitality. The delight
ful informality of- the occasion rendered
this home d^nce especially - enjoyable.
ser, Lillian Breillns. Alma Cutter. Mae Glad
ding, Doris Heuer, Belle Herzer. Lottie Haa
kell. Edna Dudley, Pauline Ryder. ¦ Ella Van
Kappff, Eva Dolan, -Daisy Huggins. Florence
Kustel. Gladys Delzelle. Gertrude Coleman.
Florence McCoy, Elizabeth Balser. Mae F.
Keeffe. May Wisemann, Pearl C. Haas, Car
rie Nelsfln. Alvina Eisenmann. Edna Sulli
van. Florence Marinovich, Lillian Smith.
Messrs. . Louis C. : Haven, George P. Fuller,
E. W. Gordon. Victor . J. La Motte, Harry
Saxe, Harry T. Bailey, William F. Hooke.
David . W. .Wise. H. L. Cunningham. Henry
C. Lassen. Alfred Lorber. Dr. A. W. Baker.
Ernest Brand, M. "Vincent Pollteo. : Acton
Haven, Dr. Edward D. Keeffe, J. C. Crooks.
William Westerfleld. H. C.Sasehorn. WUliam
¦ J. Haase. George B. Egdar, Dr. William Er
li«, Percy C. Windham. Harry C. Johnson.
T-hllip Heuer, Philip J. Eiaenmann. D. Tracy
i Berry, Frank Robinson. William B. 8tadt
feld, Robert Gates. Louis Ezell and Ernest
A. Lee.
CLEVER WOMEN WHO AIDED IN THE PRODUCTION OF "THE COLONIAL DAMES." WRITTEN ' Bl' TWO
MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA CLUB, AND WHICH . WAS THE FEATURE OF THE FOUNDERS' DAY
ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN* BY THAT ORGANIZATION.
The American farmer has to earn his bread before
he eatsjt, and is under no moral obligation to divide
. his loaf or give it all to a tropical people, who can
live with less work than he must perform.
The Export circular dwells fervently upon our
moral obligation to Cuba. We are under none. We
are under the political obligation and pledge to- let
her become independent, that her people may work
out their own destiny, as we have ours.. .;'•.-,
It is a novelty in American politics that the War
Department appears as the country's guide, philoso
pher and friend in its economic policy. The Secre
tary of War in»his last report says that "the inde
pendence of Cuba is necessary to the safety of the
United Stales." We accept that saying for what it
is worth. Let Cuba have the independence which
we declared she had achieved before we struck a
blow in her behalf, and being independent let her
make such trade arrangements as may promote her
welfare, with the whole world. Last year she im
ported far more »fronv other countries than from the
United Slates, and if she took all of her imports
from us their annual profit would be an inadequate
• substitute for the ¦ destruction of two of our important
Agricultural industries. . \ *
It will be seen, therefore, that if the Export ad
junct to the junta hath tears to shed over our im
periled export trade it should devote them to wash
ing away the countervailing duty on German sugar
and not grieve over the less than 2 per cent that we
send to Cuba. .
JHE Cuban junta sends out, via the United
States Export Association, its plea for free
trade in sugar and tobacco.
The' statements of this document are misleading.
It says: "Our duties on Cuban products, sugar and
tobacco, are about ioc per cent as against' an aver
age of 50 per cent on all dutiable products imported
into the United States from other countries; while
the. Cuban duties on our , products entering Cuba
average less than 25 per cent."
This is plainly intended to make it appear that we
discriminate specially against Cuba in our tariff,
which is not true. Her sugar and tobacco pay the
same as other sugar and tobacco, except in the case
of sugar produced by the bounty paying nations,
when we add the bounty to our tariff, which gives
the non-bounty sugar of Cuba an advantage of 2
cents a pound over the bounty sugar of Germany.
The low Cuban tariff is. cited as a reason why we
should lower or remove ours. m Inasmuch as the Cu
ban tariff is fixed by our Secretary of War, who joins
the junta in using it as an argument for free trade,
we answer that if it be too" low the Secretary has
done injustice to Cuba, which he cannot plead as a
reason why more injustice shall be done to the
American sugar and tobacco interests.
• Our exports to Cub? for 1900 amounted to 1.9 per
cent of our total export trade, while we sent to Ger
many 13.44 per cent of our total exports. Yet, to
protect American sugar we put on Germany a pro
hibitory dcty by adding her sugar bounty to our
tariff, and thereby imperiled our export trade to her,
which amounted to $i87,347.88o.-
THE JUNTA'S PLEA.
WEDNESDAY; .JANUARY i, 1^02
JOHN D. "SPRECKELS. Proprietor."
Ulna kU CcmmtniettioBi Is W. 8. LEA.KE, Ktsapr.
MAJVAGBR'S OFFICES ....... . Telephone Preiii JtO4
Pl'BLICATlOS OFFICE.. .Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«s 202. " '»"; v
DtllTered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slns-le Copies, S Centa.
Terms Ity Mall, Including Pontage t
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). on« year.... $«.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), « uanths... *-00
DAILY CALL (lncludiDff Sunday). J month*.... 1-50
DA1XT CAUL— By Single Month e5c
BTJIfPAT CALL, One Tear I.k ••— *- n
WEEKLY CALL, One Year • 10e
All 3»o_itmaaterH are authorized to recelre
•ral>ncrlptlon m.
Eamole copies will be lorwarded when requested. ...
Man eabecrtbers In orferirg change of afldreM should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKLAND OFFICE 1113 Broadwtr
~"~-. C. GEORGES KROGTVESS.
Kuigti Foniga AdTertiii&f , KaqtieUt Bnildlng, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central int.")
JTEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
CL C CARLTO.V. ................. .Herald 8q««*e
NEW. YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
: WalOOrf-Actorta Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Hurray HIU HoteL './''¦ .--
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ,
Bhenaan House: P. O. News Ce.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL \,
WASHIXCTOJf CD. C> OFFICE .... 14OG G St.. It. "W.
' " * MOBTOX E. CRAiyB, Correapondent.
BRA-NCH OFPICEiS — 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 1:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 631
MeAUlEter. open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
t:» o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 108S Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
HOO FlUmore. open until • p. m. ¦ .* v.' ..¦'.'
by Sanford G. Lewald and Miss Nelle M.
BlaKey. HpW
Six pretty figures were danced. Perhaps
the moat attractive feature of, the even
ine was the marching and counter-march
imr among the silken, banners and softly
glowing-, Japanese lanterns, the. effect be
ing both picturesque and beautiful.
During the cotillon. supper, which wa3
perved at midnight in the Maple room, tiw
following programme was given:
Address of welcome, Walter H. Robinson:
flute solo James T. Ludlow; toast, fOur
' Club " Miss Posey McGrath; solo. Miss Atvlna
Eteenmann; toast, "Our Belles jad Buds »
Merrltt D. Roblspn; recitation. Miss Virginia
M Potter: solo, PhlUp J. Elsenmann; toast.
•Our Bachelor Members." Miss Coral O.
- Gilbert; toast. "Our Charter Members." Wil
liam F- Hooke.
Altogether the evening was one of the
most delightful ever recorded In the hia«
tory.of the Entre Nous... .
The following named participated in the
leading sets: ' s
Misses Linda, Prlber, Ethel Way, Mabel
Hamilton. >lniee Auger. Posey McGrath,.
Camllle Nelson, Genevleve 8mlth. Sadie Lud
low. Ethel Boyd. Lillian Lubbea. Ida Parl-
: ' ¦ _^^ — »V
CON DITION OP THE NATION?:'
Of each year we expect great things because men dare to disregard the failures of
others as proof that what they tried and did not \vas* impossible, and because, too, .men
refuse to. accept success in any matter as the end of it, and fearlessly put their hands to
greater achievement. Morse did not scruple to deny that/ Franklin had reached the
limit of knowledge as to the power and adaptation of electricity when he inverited the,
lightning rod to defend man against it. He made the strange power a servant and
chained it to a wire. ' Graham , refused /to accept Morse's success as the end, and the
world has the telephone. Then , came Marconi, discarding both Morse and Xjraham as
the ultimate/ and we have electricity talking through the air, a wireless bond between
continents. : . , • : , , •*
So, as men pledge health and happiness at the new- year! there is intheir greeting i
this spirit of a noble of what has been; It is the buoyance that gives zest
to the outlook and fervor to the daw , ' i
'¦ ¦ The world refuses to believe that the past had all of anything. If it believed other- 1
wise the future' would have no radiance: If the dead hand were upon all human concerns
what a stagnant world it would.be and how insipid the life of man!'
This seems to be the philosophical basis; of that : raised' and light-winged spirit
which gives to this day its intertst and its pleasure. /Even the poor creatures who- der
vote it to grossness and excess are blindly seeking to I give expression to " tlnii spirit,
.which they-. feel' without understanding. Let us be charitable to their transgressions, for
their motive -is kin to the highest. .'•¦ v
A hundred years ago, in 'the good year 1 86 1; there were men- who believed the
world stood on the last summit; that in science, invention, art and philosophy the last
page had been turned in the book of knowledge. But since then illuminating gas., the
steamship, railway, telegraph, telephone, the wizard of the wireless air, electric light and.
power, the pneumatic transmitter, the machine harvester and thresher, and - sewing
machine, and the greatcompany of kindred discoveries and inventions, cause us , to look
back in wonder upon simple-minded 1801; riding on a wagon, reaping with a sickle
and threshing with a flail, stitching with a hand needle by the light of a tallow dip, and
proud of the sailors who would voyage from Europe hither in less than two months!'
All. of it came in the refusal of men to accept the complacence of 1801..,Self-satis
fied old year, buried with a hundred dead, companions, we respect , your memory and
pay tribute to it when we inscribe your epitaph: "Sacred to the memory of 1801; the
year that did not know it all." But while we write, something tells us that a hundred years
hence another hand will write that inscription over 1 901 and its company of the dead,
and the century which it led will rest and rust, lost in that long perspective, that reaches
back to the concert of the morning stars, and the faces of men/ still turned to the future,
will shine with its increasing light.
Optimism, courage, adventure, are the quenchless qualities of man which distin
guish him from the brutes that perish. He will not chain himself to a creed, nor formula,
Individualized, how valuable is this disposition in man! The year past had its
sorrows, its failures, but those who suffered them look forward to-day, expecting to rise
from every fall. Those who knew good fortune only, refuse to rest with that, but plan
for greater things, and in the combination generate the great energy and enterprise which
speak to the children of men, that they go forward. Here, in this hew land, is 1 the theater
and seat of American optimism. In.' no other.' part; of ; ;the world of, the
new year a force as active. Men expect fortunes out of mines that failed for others, and
get them. They sail argosies where the ships of the past went to the bottom.'. They seek
and find wealth where others lost it. They wed the blossoms and create three fruits
where only two ripened before.^f it be said that summits are impossible to the transit
of commerce, they scale or tunnel'them, and commerce, rejoices in the new pathway. If
others think that deserts are barren and shine .only to lure and kill, here men enter
them, clad in courage, and- : bring back from the mirage' riches that would dazzle a prince.
This is the American orient, the land of the new year, - •''•¦
1 Every one is an argonaut, and nature provides a golden fleece for every seeker.
It is good to be here, and The Call greets its friends and their households,, with
congratulations that their lines, are cast" and their lot fixed in a place where to-morrow is
bigger with promise and brighter than to-day, and the gifts and graces of to-day cause
yesterday to be forgotten; ¦ ' ' . .; \'- ¦ ¦ '¦¦¦' ' '; /. . - • .
r |,'.^ HE GALL'greets its readers, and, looking"; fonvard, hails i.the new year. The past j
1 ¦; t gpeth;like:a shadow^ before, the light. v It ¦jhasibeen complained that sonel genera- 1
I tic-n refuses to learn from the experience of those that preceded it.; Butwhy com
".¦"¦";¦ plain? It is in. the nature of man- to try, for .himself. • .True, ethers rrfay. have failed
in/ that which he attempts, but it is in -the -nature of man toHeel within him powers
he does not see in others, and therefore he ; enters without fear where many have
fallen before him. If it were not for this determination of each \\ man, each generation,
each year, to do as if there had been no other man, generation or year, it is easily seen
that the race .would be imprisoned in precedents, andVJalj effort, all originality, would
end, and man would walk in a little circle, without ambition or enterprise.
THE NEW YEAR.
CALIFORNIA CLUB WOMEN ENJOY
SATIRE ON KNICKERBOCKER DAMES
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WE DNESDAY, JAXTJARY 1, 1902.;
6
THE LANp OF EDUCATION.
> ' • . < • ' ¦ ' ' ',¦•¦¦'.
DR.. EATON, formerly president of Beloit Col-^
lege, after having spent a year in carefully
studying the conditions of university in
struction abroad has announced that the means lor
higher education arc being improved much more
rapidly in the United States than in Germany, and
that on the whole there are even now better provi
sions for such education here than in the land which
tor so long a time has held undisputed the foremost
place in the educational world.*
The strength of the German system lies in the de-^
velopment of specialists, but the system has tended
to produce a race of scientists who have a higher re
gard for knowledge itself- than for any use to which
it may be put. Thus German instruction does not
always tend to practical results. Dr. Eaton, in speak
ing of Germany, says: "Her great professors,
whether surgeons, chemists, theologians, philoso
phers or historians; have 'still to learn the art 'of ',
translating for the student mind the wealth of wis
dom with which they themselves* are supplied.' The
German professor lacks the personal magnetism and
power to attract his students vyhich is so characteris
tic of the American college professor."
It is not, however, in personal influence only that
American universities are, surpassing the. renowned
seats of learnmg in Europe. Thanks to the munifi
cent endowments' granted by States to their univer
sities, or bestowed by munificent millionaires, /'the'
wealthier American universities now offer to,- students
better facilities for study ' than can be found else
where. "In physical equipment," says Dr. Eaton)
"the German institutions are far behind what we
know at home. ' Leipsic alone of all the great schools
has a modernized plant. The other universities. have
been content with indifferent extensions .'of : their,
libraries and laboratories. Student, life here also,
travels, on uncompromisingly traditional lines. An'
American is gratified to s observe, however, that the ,
seriousness of purpose, lack of which Europeans' are
prone to charge against us on account; of our ,exces;
si vc indulgence in detracting influences like; athletics,]
is found here absolutely in.no more, marked degree
than in the United States. . On" the contrary there r is
a unification of student life on the gridirons and dia
monds of American campuses which.no amount, of
'kommers' and saber dueling will , ever : produce." •_ .
Of late ' years we have . heard so miich^ about the ';
absorption of the -American intellect in/business, and
our" inferiority to the Old World in higher education,
that this statement of a careful student and expert- in
educational i matters is particularly gratifying. Stu
dents have been -coming from .Great Britain for some
time 1 to study in American schools of technology,
and now there seems a prospect that ere long ; they -
wiHcornVfrom Germany, to take' courses of higher
.education in^o'.tr juniyersitie* . .•• .,'>_ :.:•_
\ ' The graduating > lists of the American
I colleges this year show an increase of '23
¦ per-cent..- '-, ' ,
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO.' ; choicest l Wlntei
Resort in the world,' offers best living, climate,
boating, bathing. ' fishing . and . most .' amuse-
ments. E. S. Babcock. manager. Coronado. Cat.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and : public men fcy tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery Ktreet. Telephone Main 1042. •
Look out for 81 4th st (front of barber &
grocer); finest eyeglasses, specs, 20 to 40c*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Towosend's*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend* s. '
Choice candies. To wnsend's. Palace Hot«l.»
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— "A Lady of Quality."
California — "Black Pattl Troubadons."
V- Tivcll — "Little Red Kifilne Hood."
Cer.tral — •'The Two Sisters."
' Alcazar — "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia— "Janice Meredith."
¦ Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereninc.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Vatco Ball Game.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
• Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
lGAtlf|pillltED.
' K wmBBBSr^r '" * ______________________ ' l v - '
»fc IcSlfw i__t__^___^__^^_3 % i__l T_*
\e/^3&&&&
.. Ths greatest train "across the coriti nent tftgh . speed combined with *
~ ! high-class accommodations have mad j it ths most popular with travelers.
•- • Frcm San Francisco, da : ly, 9 A. M.
IJity Ticket Office, 641 Market St,
••'•¦'- •••- / *" "• - - - - " . ¦ - *- ._..ji
;, . l ~ v ¦ ¦ ¦THE Board of Supervisors yester
day began preliminary proceedings
for the fixing of water rates for
the next fiscal year. . The Board
of Works was directed to sub
mit an appraisement of the proper
ties of the Spring Valley 'Water Works
actually used in furnishing the city with a
pure and wholesome supply of water. Th'.s
i3 to enable the board to establish a basis
of valuation of said properties and upon
which it may fix the rates to be charged
consumers: ¦ .
The Spring Valley Water Company was
directed to furnish a statement showlns?
the quantity of water pumped at eacn
of its pumping stations and also show
ing the stage of water in Pilarcitos, San,
Andreas and Crystal Springs reservoirs
and Lake Merced on the first day of eacn
month. • ¦
The Spring Valley Company was .also
directed to turnish an inventory of all its
property ¦ actually used . in supplying
water to consumers; also an inventory of
its properties not now actually used in
supplying water; also to file: maps show
ing the acreage of all lands owned by the
company and a -map showing the .size of,
the pipes of. its distributing system.'
•The Board of Health was directed to
make chemical and bacteriological analy
ses of the waters of all wells within 'the
city acd county, the geographical-situa
tion of which wells gives rise to the pos
sibility of . their contamination from
thickly populated districts.
An ordinance was passed to print mak
ing, if unlawful for any person, firm or
corporation to erect or maintain any pole
on the -streets or sjdewalks of the city
and county, unless it jbe painted with
suitable material to ' the satisfaction of
the Board of Public Works. Also mak
ing it unlawful to erect or maintain any
pole on the streets or sidewalks which is
situated nearer, than ten feet to a pole
on which is supported a lamp maintained
by the city for lighting the public
streets, unless permission in writing is
first given by the Department of Electric
ity. ,
• The Board of Works was- directed to
cause the removal of. all poles obscuring
the light of street lamps or , to change
the location of .the lamps, the expense to
be borne by the company owing' the ob
structing poles. . ¦- - ' ' ' :
Mayor Phelan stated that City Attor
ney Lane was making an inquiry whether
the present city officials hold until Jan
uary 8, 1902. 2 They took ! office for two
years on January 8, 1900, and there ls
some doubt whether their successors can
assume office on January 6, 1902, which is
the first 1 Monday in January, or on, Jan
uary 8, 1902. The board adjourned to meet
at 10:30 a. m. next Monday. , Mayor Phe
lan then introduced to the members of
the board his successor. Mayor-elect
Schmitz, who had been an interested ob
server of the uroceedings.
your committee should not be allowed to go
before the people for re-election. Afraid him- 1
self to' seek for Vindication, he demanded that
your chairman be given up as a victim to his
spite and venom.- It was the littlest and mean
est act seen in local politics for many a year.
.For over ;a ' year and a half, according to
Mr. : Grunsky, your chairman has been followed
by. the animosity of the , Mayor. , Against his
spiteful misrepresentations. Chairman Reed of
the Public Utilities- Committee appeals to the
people- of .San. Francisco to say whether he has
not served them earnestly and faithfully.
conclusion, gentlemen, while the chair
man of your committee cannot bring himself
to assert that the. Board of Public Works and
the City. Engineer are acting in bad faith In
withholding Information from the Supervisors
that is theirs as a matter of right, or that they
are deliberately planning to make the cost of
the water supply too high to be accepted by
the people, he does say that the figures of Mr.
Wagoner have been padded by millions of dol
lars, as an inspection of the report will show;
he does . say that the cost of bringing in suffi
cient water has been increased unnecessarily
by over ten- millions of dollars and that the
operating expenses of the proposed system are
too great by over $150,000 annually.
Another Report on Tuolumne.
The facts proving these statements are em
bodied In the report which will be filed by you*
chairman in the next five daya^ This report has
been compiled with the assistance of several
engineers of high standing, who have been gen
erous in giving help and information withheld
by the Board of Public Works.
"When I say." said Reed, after finishing
the reading, "that on account of the
Mayor's animosity and ill will I was de
feated for a renomination . before the
Democratic convention I say what is true:
when I say that the estimate of cost of
the Tuolumne project was raised from
$28,000,000 to $38,000,000 and that the esti
mate Is too high, I state what is true."
"I deny all Mr. Reed's allegations
wherein they are material,", said the
Mayor, "and will let the matter rest with
the board," and the incident was closed.
SITE REMAINS
TO BE SELECTED
Location for Detention
Hospital Is Still
Undecided.
¦ ¦¦...-. • ;
; No action has as yet been taken by the
Health and Hospital Committee of the
Board of Supervisors' regarding the selec
tion of a site for the proposed detention
hospital." The Board of Public Works has
under consideration plans : for building a
road ' to one of ' the places " offered.*,; Al
though many natural obstacles make .the
second site seem unavailable, the Board
of 'Public Works is still struggling, with
the figures. ' .
When the Pattrldge property. was first
proposed there was considerable objection
made by neighbors. These; are. five in
number,, and the nearest house, In which
the original protestant lives, is fully 500
yards away from the extreme edge of the
property, whose purchase is under consid
eration. From : the other, side of ; an arm
of the bay a protest has been made by
the proprietor of a chemical ' works, | fully
a mile. away. This -practically comprises
the population of the neighborhood. ..
F. W. Dohrmann while president of _ the
Merchants' -Association gave his unquali
fied approval of the Pattridge site. . Ho
was followed by S>ank J. Symmes, who
after an - investigation called it "an ideal
spot.V Those in a position \ to khow v de
clare that politics is a potent factor in
preventing the procurement . of a site.
State Senator Walsh . is « at > the • head of
those who are ¦ endeavoring to
the property "over the -hill,'.' as is called
the land offered by the Bay View Land
Company.'
The engineers of the Board 1 of Public"
Works were busy yesterday surveying the
second property offered. ¦ It will probably
devolve .upon the incoming Board'of'Su
pervisors to decide upon' the site. •.-••.
When the late Democratic municipal con
vention assembled, j as sole owner by right of
discovery of that close corporation, the Mayor
of this city demanded that the chairman of
Heed's Nomination Prevented.
Reed attempted to speak, but the Mayor
said he had ordered the roll call and ruled
Reed out of order. Reed appealed from
the decision, but there was no second to
his motion. Reed was told by the Mayor
that he could speak In explanation of his
vote. Reed thereupon stole a march by
reading the rest of his communication
from where the clerk, had left off, as fol
lows:
"It is not- a minority report," said
Comte, 1 "but' a- libelous communication,
and I think ' that a motion to return it
ls highly proper."
"The communication was allowed to be
read as a matter of courtesy," said Phe
lan, "but it appears to some member that
it is blackguardly and offensive, and I
shall put the motion to return' It to the
author."
These words were used to belittle the ef
forts of your chairman to have an early inves
tigation of the Spring Valley Water Company's
property. No words 1 can sufficiently express
the malicious epitefulness'Of such action com
ing from the Mayor of a great city; and pub
lished, as your. -chairman Is assured; at , so
much a line In *a subsidized organic a -; : •'
At this ,pointJCbmtftjnbved thai further
reading of the communication be discon
tinued and that it -be returned to the
author. •,.'.> , '
Declares Mayor Was Spiteful.
The communication then, refers to a
published article signed by Mayor Phe
lan to the effect that the hand of the
Spring Valley Water Company is visible
in the proceedings relative to the fixing
of this year's water rates, and continues:
1 Your chairman believes that the reflections
¦were inspired by malice and- made in order to
discredit the chairman of your ¦committee be
fore he could ehow that the estimates o£. Mr.
Wagoner had been unnecessarily raised, and
that the plans and estimates submitted by the
City Engineer are too high by .many millions of
dollars. The burden of the City Engineer's at
tack was that the report of Wagoner had been
withheld because he believed it had
been asked for in bad faith and
was desired only as a means of harassing
him. The reply is that the. report cannot
be used as a means of harassing the City En
gineer unless he has unnecessarily and unjus
tifiably Increased the estimates made by Wag
oner. The City Engineer then went on to say
that for a year and a half he had purposely
withheld from . your chairman whatever Infor
mation he had on the subject of public utilities,
because he feared that the chairman of your
committee would make It public and thus de
feat the plans of the Board of Public Works to
file on the water rights on the Tuolumne. At
the same time the City Engineer vigorously
asserted' that he had Invited your chairman to
go to ' the headwaters of the- Tuolumne with
him. and had requested your chairman to be
present at meetings in the Mayor's office when
the plans of the Board of Public Works would
be discussed fully and that your chairman had
refused to meet him anywhere except in the
zoom of the Board of Supervisors.
Says Malice Inspired Reflections.
"I desire that the report be read," said
Reed. "Attacks have been made ¦ on my
personal Integrity by certain members of
the Board or> Public Works. These at
tacks were instigated, I am informed, by
his Honor the -Mayor, and my report as
chairman of the committee is- in the na
ture of a- reply." : ' . " ¦¦••¦¦ - . •
The Mayor was averse to' receiving tho
report as such, but allowed it to be read
as a personal communication from Reed,
which was done. The communication re
lated the history of the proceedings of
the Utilities Committee at last Friday's
meeting', when the report of '.Engineer
Luther Wagoner, who had estimated the
cost of the Tuolumne River project at
$28,000,000, was reluctantly produced by
City Engineer Grunsky, who had figured
It at $38,000,000. Referring to certain per
sonal reflections made by Grunsky the
communication says: ¦¦
Reed. While there was no blood
spilled the two belligerents took occa
sion to say unkind things about each
other before retiring from office. -.Reed,
both in speech and by communication, ac
cused the Mayor "of Instigating the at
tacks upon him by, the engineers in -the
Board of Works. The trouble commenced
when Reed presented a minority report
of the Public Utilities Committee on the
raise of the Tuolumne River supply esti
mate by City Engineer Grunsky. Mayor
Phelan refused to accept it because It was
not signed by a majority of the com
mittee.
meeting of the Board- of Su-
I pervisors yesterday was marked
I by a renewal of hostilities between
II Mayor Pnelan and Supervisor
SUPERVISORS FIN ALLY PASS MEASURES FOR PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS
AND RECOMMEND HALF A MILLION TO REPAVE ACCEPTED STREETS
Mary Powers for damage don© -. to her
property by a mob of United States sol
diers. The City Attorney was requested
to memorialize Congress for the reim
bursement to the city of the sum named.
. An ordinance was passed to print de
claring certain buildings In Chinatown a
public nuisance and directing the ' Board
of Health and the Chief of Police to de
stroy the buildings. The Health Commit
tee wa3 empowered to conduct an Inves
tigation of the unsanitary condition of
the following, buildings:
T3S Pacific street.' *ear *>t 636*4 Pacific street,
shacks connected .with - houses on Stockton
street from 1107 to 1117. 1011 Jackson street,
rear of -1011 Jackson street, property. In rear
of Sacramento street touching on Onelda
street, and known as the "Ovens"; all th<j
houses on both sides of Comcourt alley from
number 2 to 12 Inclusive.
changing the name of Primrose street to
Carmelita,'" •¦¦ '. ." * \ ¦ ' . .
The roadway of - Page street, between
Central and -Masonic avenues, was fully
accepted: r . - '. ' v • ¦: .
The Pacific States Telephone . Company
Was requested to -" furnish an ' estimate of
cost of Installing a private exchange tele
phone system in the City Hall. . ¦
> An . ordinance -was re-referred to t the
Street' Committee which '- authorizes ' the
Improvement of. the central portion of :the
roadway, of Van Ness avenue, 'between
Bush and ; Pine streets, by planting , trees
thereon.'at < a." cost-- of < $1958 53, the side
walks to be reduced to seventeen feet in
width. •".¦The 1 ;. Mayor stated ; that : Charles
Holbrook desired to be heard on the quea
tion^ | g{gi»»sa_iu*' Biwi) wiii#wi1
. The,- Board of Health reported : that the
water of Golden : Gate i Park was pure and
uncontamlnated by deleterious matter, r
* 'An amended ordinance - providing that
the , Board of < x Works : may improve unac-:
cepted streets when in. its; judgment -'such
course ¦ is : advisable ' was ; referred to the
Street - Committee. \This ' will : enable 1 the
board . to ." repave Missions street; between
Silver i and ,-. Onondaga": avenues, ,the • city
and"; interested property! owners - having
subscribed $30,000 for the work. .
In the Divorce Courts.
Divorces, were granted .. yesterday to
Mary "Johnson from August Johnson ; for
extreme cruelty, and Llllie D. Trowbrldge
from Henry O. v Trowbrldge for desertion.
Suits : for divorce were filed by Mary
Hughes against George Hughes for fail
ure to provide. Nellie Bartholomew
against Albert Bartholomew .for deser
tion. A. 'Evelyn Starr against F.' A. E.
Starr for desertion. . Blanche Mulgrew
against Felix B. llul arrew . for failure- to
provide and Fred .Williams against Mary
Williams for desertion.
THE . Board of Supervisors.yester
day finally passed the various
declaratory ordinances stating
' that public interest and necessi-
'¦* •. . ty demand the acquisition or
construction .of the following, improve
ments:
That a site be acquired in tho block bounded
by Hayes, Polk, Grove and Larkln streets for
the ' construction thereon of a public library
building. •; • - ' ' . .' . • - •
*• That the block of land extending northerly
from - Golden Gate Park, between - Thirteenth
and Fourteenth avenues, • to ¦ the Presidio mili
tary reservation, .' be acquired for public park
purposes. ' UP rf>"IJJ**<lH" <l l* l U' 1 " Wl— Pi' W
That the lands in the block bounded by
Washington, Gough, Sacramento and Laguna
streets : ba v acquired • for r public . park purposes
for the" extension of Lafayette park.
i ¦ That the blocks of - land ¦ known as ' Mission
blocks S3 and 87 be acquired for park pur
poses.' ¦¦ -¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦¦•'¦; : ¦ '
v : That the - block bounded by Seventh, Harri
son-Harriet and Bryant streets be acquired for
a children's playground. . -
¦'•;-- That . a new .. City and • County • Hospital be
constructed. ..... ¦ • '.."'•>¦
¦ That twenty-one new school houses bo erect
ed.' that alterations to six school buildings. now
in existence .be consummated, and ¦ that seven
sites whereon j to* erect"; school , bouses be ac
quired. . rj4~Mp«gHMMQMnpfaMBn
The construction 'of a new sewer, system.
-The ' ordinance • appointing- Joseph . E.
O'Donnell • as ¦ «i>ecial * counsel > to • recover
moneys y dup the city : by. the State . was
ieferred-,td tho Judiciary: Commltttee.
Comte explained that a protest was re
ceived questioning, the legality of the ap
pointment, '-•¦;-r >-.-:"'¦ — ".'." • v .. j ; . »-
¦ A resolution was adopted compromis
ing for ?175 the judgment obtained by
Oakland Directory.
¦ F.T SI.'Husted of ' Oakland • has ¦ issued : a'
directory !-¦ of ; Oakland, ';-> Alameda :.¦ and
Berkeley ] f or . 1902,% giving * name, occupa
tion'* and f. residence * oti' all : adult •;¦ persons,*
together .with a classified I business direc
tory,,; also .' a '>; street '-. guide '." of Oakland.'
newly t revised > and i enlarged. - Also ¦ a • new
street guide of Alameda and Berkeley.
; ¦ A N ordinance was passed to print
A yesterday . by the Board of Su
!¦ *Za\ pervlsors declaring that the pub
yyYV; lie Interest- and ;; necessity. \ de
- mand; that the accepted streets
and avenues , of j the y city • and county _ of
San Francisco be repaved and' improved
afa cost'not to Exceed; $500,000., Thls>cost,
in addition' to} the .other, expenses of the
city '* and county. \ will F - exceed .the income
and revenue provided for . any- one ¦• year,
thus necessitating tho | issuance of- bonds
for. the proposed 1 Improvement. •?'-''.'¦'¦"
.An' ordinance was passed, to print or r
dering.the repaying .with. bitumen of Va
lencia street, between Market and,Eight
eenth, at a cost of $28,300. . - '<
"An ordinance^was amended to read that
the roadway of no street shall: be accept
ed unless it be paved - : with '. basalt . blocks,"
bi tumlnous : rock or; asphalt on a concrete
foundation, with paving brick on sand or
concrete foundation, or with cobblestones.
A resolution .was finally; passed author
izing the payment of $3000 out of. the sur-,
plus .found; to Dorn &Dorn In full dis
charge' of a. - Judgment * obtained against
the city for services rendered."
-: Ah : ordinance; was : finally ; passed .fixing
the . wages ; of ¦ laborers in • the - park *¦ or on
public I utilities l that may hereafter., be ac
quired by the city at $2 60 per diem.Ys«gS|
,*«.The ; - ordinance ¦: granting: ' the :' American
; Can SCompany, a." permit to i construct '-; a.
stcel b bridge? across * Seventh' streets near
,Townsend, J .was defeated; on final passaged
;(lThe';roadway. { of{; Bush; street," -between*
was ordered paved
at' a co«t r of» $1600.' •-.:--; .
¦x:'An i.f ordinance : . .was r passed .-¦= to : print
Reed Charges the Mayor With Spitefulness
in Preventing His- Renomination—- Board
Prepares to Establsh the New Water Rates
DENOUNCES PHELAN
IN- AN OPEN MEETING
OF THE SUPERVISORS
XMii SAN FR
7
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4th, 3 p.m.
AnneliiSpZ Recital
ASSISTED BT THE-
NEW VICTOR DISO TALKING MACHINE
And HERBERT WILLIAMS, Tenor Bololet.
PROGRAMME— PART I.
1. Overture, Fhedre ' Massenet
(Throughout the overture,- violin, flute and
other orchestral effects, obtainable only
with the Angelus, will be noticed.)
2. "Air fie Ballet, No. 1" Chaminade
3. Song. "Mona" .V........ Adams
Mr. H. ¦Williams.
4. Moment Muslcale, op. 7, No. 2, C sharp
minor Moszkowski
—INTERMISSION—
During the Intermission the following selec-
tions will be rendered by the "Victor" Mon-
arch Disc Talking Machine:
<a) "Carry Me Back to Old Virgjnle".:..
• Haydn Quartet
<b) "The Holy City," tenor solo .....
,•*;; • •; -Harry MacDonough
(c) Selections from "Hurly Burly" ,
..•••• • • -Metropolitan Orchestra
6. (a) "Valse Lente" Steveking
(b) "Lleberstraum" (Dream of Love),
Nocturne Ll«zt
(c) "Polonaiee," op. 11, E flat. .Moszkowski
6. "La Flleuse" (Etude) ......' .....Raff
7. Song, "Good By" .........Tostl
. ... ¦ . Mr. H. Williams.
8. "Rhapsodie Hongroise," No: 12 Liszt
The following selections will be rendered by
the "Victor" Monarch -Disc Talking Machine:
(a) "Largo al Factotum," barytone solo.:
.' '. ... Sig. Francisco
(b) "Rusty Rags." banjo solo. . Vess L. Ossman
(c) "Annfe Laurie" '.Haydn Quartet
AVJllZOlUn rfiCE crowding ' of the Hall,
Tickets should be procured - at : Sherman, - Clay
& Co.'g Music Store. Kearny and Butter sts. ,
,j£*r* "' — ° rr< * > "• Tvery >V eek Day —
w^ Roin or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. ra. abarp. -
Ferry-boau leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:SO. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two can on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenut
electric cars- at Seventh and Bread way. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda. mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadwr.y, Oakland. These electric
can m direct to the track in flf teen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:<5 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
'CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. .. . ' ,.
CHUTES ANDjZOO *W£%™
Big V a u fd e v i 1 1 e S h o w
The Daring Lady CyclUt, Coasts the (Chute?
en a Blcyc>.'
TO-MORROW X1GHT— THE AMATEL'Rrt IX
A TWENTIETH CENTURY NOVELTY. ~
Telephone itr Sea»i— Park 23. , - ,
Fi^nHFR'*^ <-oncer r house
Prof. 'A. J. Topping; ..The Sorensens; ; Paloma
Quartet; Mullen and Lord;iValkyra; Ethel Cul-
hreth: Coleman and- Mexls: Billy Johnson.' and
Hlnrtchs' Orcheetraf Reserved ¦ Beate.' ~ 25c.
Mxioa! ("nndsv and Xcw,.Tear'». , ',,.'..1 'li'tV,, i ¦
, .GRAIN COFFEE, "T^
Do you know that three-quarters .
of all the world's headaches are the
result of using teaTand coffee ?
' So physicians say. ¦
'¦ Quit, them and the headaches
. .rjuit. • . . ~\ /'¦ ; '"
; v Grain-0 '.lias the coffee taste but •
co headaches. : '¦'.-.¦
Aacrocers:.15cand25c. . •
V "flnoke Rye. Honey . and Horenoond.
f jtI__^2Jfi*aell» .the story. I •
OUR GREAT JANUARY CLEARANCE SALEl
| I SHEETING AND PILL0WCASIN6, I BE «'f n> J" E 2d " I GREAT If
g * specm oFfERM, ; , Swiftest, Most Sweeping Price-Cutting Ever Known, FMRRninrRv vaiufc- —
fc We have been extremely fortunate in. procur! ™ ," _. A i_ \i \T • • i X m ' t* * LlYIDIWIIi «_I\ I TftLULO. 3
•-- ing for. this great sale from a wholesale house ; To-morrOW begins '.that twice yearly bargain Event, the :. . T Embroideries to be placed on sale to-
fc ca.fnSf'.t'VJlSM^hi? i 8rad^ sh St tIn * s * n « GBEAT SALEwhich is watched and .-waited for by thousands morVS-* nSV the fgrlndestvaluea TyoS %vS %& 3
¦Jw Su ln p?ie?. t :?hMXVt^ t X^i B^at of shrewdest ; economists. ¦< Those who have attended our former f"^^.^^" 13 of 1D02> bonsht especIa1 ' =3
Zl' S&- ) !21SuSS;i- te "" tha ° ;^ ie ' reB11Ilr retail . sales have learned to! expect MAEVELOUS SAVING ADVAN- l \° c Emb . p }„* 5 la . wWe ._ 8^ c yar4 2
Jfc: 45-inch Bleached Pillow Casing regular T AGES, but this one, following, as it does, the GREATEST - 2Oc Emb., 5 1a. wide.; 12>|c yard :-^m
*=¦ r "U--'" i V- 1 - : -. 100 FALL BUSINESS in our History, we declare shall be a record M% f££: I^^wm;::".'"""^-^.
EZ'. r 24c. at, yard ....!!. ??.'... 75." ¦ */! .Ti8c Dreaker. ; Hundreds of prices have been unhesitatingly and • insertions to match. , zS$.
¦ .- . .¦ . ' """ — -—t — ; — — — : — — mercilessly cut, for it's our policy to carry no goods over from '¦ .'"'.. . , . ' l2
Sp-- one season into another. BROKEN LINES, ODD ASSORTMENTS, P.EMNANTS and thousands of accumulations incidental to, this great and =3
g~- .growing.- business. have been marked absolutely regardless of original cost or value, for we have in view a swift clearance of Fall and Winter =3
m-- stocks. Each and every department will be represented by unequaled bargains, and no matter what weather conditions prevail, the store -^
gp ; should be crowded to the utmost,' for there never .was* bo good an opportunity to save as now. Jg
ft=- ' GREAT RIBBON < STORM SERGE-SIX) yards 43-inch aii- BLACK CHEVIOT-40 pieces 44-inch TENNIS FLANNEL-200 pieces Out- gig «IV|UC lU ' •' 3*
fc=- DCnilPTinilC \ wool ¦ Storm Serge, a dependable wear- Black Cheviot, an extra heavy quality ing Flannel, the very best 12>4c grade. iiii»i-J» ¦ -^
{£**¦¦" nLUUollUnOi Ing cloth. In 'shades of Brown, Navy, ¦ of a fast black dye; a eplendid cloth; In solid colors of Pink. Ldght Blue. Cream , LAutb» Z2
•»-". , k o 5_A11-Silk Taf Green, Purple and Cadet, the rZ.f\c regular value 75c a yard. Sale -A C c and -Red.' also stripes and checks: ex- ZSi i
SZ feu ?" Ribbon! !l inch 85c kind. Sale price.. Per Yard OUC price... Per Yard 4 »C tra heavy and fleecy. .-..;„..^ gig h o n^ Laces.
B • iTdeT^Thir/adfnrda^ 00^^ ' ™Z igSoSTSS «SSSl5 ' fVo^Oc^o 1 ,
g -\ ?3C tua, ei va.ue _,!.»¦ yard. £a,e 65c n^W^^SC regular price ™;* Jrtc^yard *} ?5C .3
£ — — NOVELTY SUITINaS-600 yardsV ?»^CT FIiANNELS^lecea all- pLANNELS-60 " g
2- -vn ; o_aii qiii, t., ¦ High Novelty Suitings, a silky finish , lnc T u din« the best shades of the season- pieces German Eiderdown , Flannels, a r^ ,
5=- fet^ hIm,™ la J?h" material. In all the new colorings; sold ,iX^Se 6te a yard Sale Qoi' heavy and fleecy, quality. in pretty Imitation Duch-,*-*
SZ el wwe a Wood iuail as high as ?2 00 a yard Sale ffi | .uw , ¦; J^S * . ™: " . " ™ - ?. .Per Yard OtJC Btrlpea and scroll and_ rich color- esse. Point de Paris =^
5=, ny"nallVe°best q col- * rIce ' *" N0 VELTY FRENC7H FLANNELS »»«•: regular . price 25c, |^|15 C and Nottingham All 35
g- orings;^ regular value PLAIDS-30 pieces Camel's Hair —45 pieces Novelty French Flannels, tu'^f^zl^'ll'^'lll^ V^rtrr iti «¦»,;« 1 \ ,", "i 8 ™^ 3
.gS 10c. Sale price O c . piaids, In bright " and attractive color- all the rich color combinations, In stripes. CANTON FLANNEL -« P»[o. and striped effects*. "*
jj^. ........:... Yard O*-» } n g s, for children's . dresses and waists; dots. Persian and scroll designs; «oM bleached and "Reached Canton Flan- all choice desigms : Z2£
fc: good value at 50c. Sale price CiHif^ at 75c and 85c yard. Sale ytGf nel. ¦ a good quality; regular price "7 q aoX^ at go,. and 7^ —^
SH '— '. — ..Per Yard -4<t>C price?.. : fxOt 10c. Sale price Per Tart * v Sa i e pr i ce> yard ZSm
% rty .ftS& :?SK COLORED DRESS GOODS REMNANTS AT LESS THAN HALF. = 3 .?..^::.: 50c 3
£T*-- bons, 3% Inches wide, ; , The real Dress Goods cleaning of. the season begins to-morrow-r-bona fide losses which we cheerfully take in order to dis- __ _— — __^_»_
J£Z warranted pure silk, in" po se of every remnant accumulated during the past ten weeks which has to be forced out regardless of lta t °™ e *I'£" t -^ " , .
•-- pretty striped . effects, O r value. You will be able to buy $2 00. $1 50. $1 00 and 75c Dress Goods for half and less than half price, for we "f^""*^ -.r 100 ? y ards Point ae z^.
¦ in. the leading color- mined that none will be carried over into another season. Included are the most modish materials— those most In demand— Venlse, In cream Z^
¦¦-ings;, good value at j n lengths of two to six yards, suitable for entire dresses, waists or skirts, gathered together on special bargain counters, to an< j ecru, and Black _«¦¦
•j; 20c. Sale price 3|q be sold as follows: j-. - ; . "<¦£*.!¦¦¦¦: • Chantilly and Eacii-.*^}
•^ ; '••• ';'•'•. Remnants of the following weaves: Remnants of the following weaves: Remnants of the following weaves: . rial Lace; the hand- «^
: ArC Cheviots Wool Move/ties ' Matelasses > AC Prunellas Golf Skirtings f rQ felTct 3 '
I- „.„. . ., <H Serges Whipcords . Etamines *1 1 1 T^ Venetians Granites j H v . 35c and 40c'. Sale =5
«= Biack dre HoV h«v c r- U V Yd Plaids Henriettas; Homespuns • ... JU Yd.' Broadcloths Wool Waistings I J Yd price, yard.. O*- 22
fe : --and*double W fMt-'^Ms' B *8 1llMlY * lM 75e ¦ Hegdu" Vilw $1.00 tnd $1.85 Regular -Valtw $1.50 tnd $2.00 •— • •
E ?ff° h ? s ?#!^T^ and House Furnishings. Y a» ng °™ sss'g.
£ ¦ i ¦ •¦•¦¦-¦' 300 pairs of White Blankets. 10-4 size, CUECTQ AWfi DII 1 1 nWPA^C^ TABLE NAPKINS-20 dozen all-linen wide, in very neat Z2
fc prettily silk bound, with choice borders; OIILLlO MilU rlLLUlf UHOLOi .Napkins, good quality. In choice de- designs; make pret-> =5
£ ' .- Children's ! Under- *«£ v » Iue ».t •* 60 a pair. Sale g^O GreatIy reduced tor this sale , are 8tand ., . signs: regular value £1 75 ty^ waists; good —
,wear— Vests and Pants.' P rlce •••• •••• ...Pair «!>«.»— ard qualities, already hemmed, ready for 1 dozen - Sale price....... uozen v Mb iricT nn ;^'
fc= r?bbed eCe SD?e e ndld Jer nn^ *<*> P^rs of 11-4 White Blankets; extra " "¦*¦ ¦ TJltl , , K oa TABLE NAPKINS-250 dozen soft yard ......I..* HUC] '
B^^BMM^mp^^0h&^& s^,^.^..f!!?..S 13 c a-^v ..^^?::::-^en 61^ BELT SALE. i
£ P^.^achglC V^h™%£%£^.!*%^ TABLELINEN-aSpieceseO-inchnne A ™t var iety of -^
_ ..;.....; Pair tP 4 * SHBETS-54x90; regular price 45e; bleached Table Damask, a good quality. . tne , choicest Belts, ¦-^j
SHv"'.':* " ' - ' " . : ; "- Sale price . .'..............Each 3»c • nice patterns; regular value siAr » n cl'«Una* corded and ZSm
5^ Ladies' All-Over Lace BED SPBEADS— 20 dozen Honey-. a-won at 44c 72x90 at 47 l-'c 65c. Sale price Yard Tr^v tucked Satin, Velvet -^
»-.. Lisle Hose, full length, comb Spreads,, a heavy quality, hemmed; 81x00 at 5Oc " 90x90 at 55c r ' and LeatQor Belts. —J
fc: well finished stockings. worth $1 25. Sale price OG/- TABLE JJJSTES— 20 pieces 70-lnch with the new and =^
•k- in l Black, Blue . and Each <7OV BATH TOWELS— 100 dozen extra bleached Linen, extra heavy desirable graceful dip effect; -^
Red. Special +PZlc ' heavy Bath Towels, size 21x44; regu- quality; worth $X 00. .. Sale f 7PZr r have , the choicest -^
Jp: price ...Pair - 6<tFW MARSEILLES QITILTS— 15 dozen lar price 22c. Sale price 1A~r» price... * Yard i«^ buckles; were 11.00 -*B
¦¦¦- ' l t- -: ' full size Marseilles Quilts, In elegant ,;'..' Each lv»3w an d j^2S each. To r5-
i*~ : — - designs; well worth $2 25.^Sale ;C1.75: BATH TOWELS— 150 dozen double- - 72-lnch Linens— Tha highest grades of close, each.. * O/» ;• '
SS " Ladies' Oneita Union P r!ce • Each «J7«— .. threaded extra, heavy Towels, 34 inches our *2 00 Linens. In the choicest pat ;tOW -^
¦»" ' «?ii!t« in srar medium "^.-n^ on j • i-i -\lde, 1% yards long; regular value 35o erns, broken lines to be closed C"l--*5 ; ¦_" -^f
fc weight flnUhed seams BED COMFOBTERS-20 dozen Com- &cb [ iale price..? C%A(* out during this sale at.... Yard 5>I '
g— we l s Vi VV Ji*ti-» ».f*p«. ' forters, .filled with cotton and covered , Each T^rtJpji" UanilV.r ¦ m
£¦ !?»S ¦:.B;rfr?.'..^.:fiS -85c li^towe^ *&£& °SfSfffS»«!!SS&- SsS:2
.Each O«7C COMFORTEB o_ Ex tra tieavy .for 266'dozen',"size'i9x38:'worth'26c.'.'"l5c ' quality; worth 8 l-3c. Special. Yard OW embroidered inltiala; =^
ZZ' • - double beds, covered with the best silk- HEMSTITCHED TOWELS-150 doz- LINEN T O W E L I N G-50 plecss • J3" J2^5 B 5f c 1^^f
SIT" ollne, and have pure white cotton filling; . en All-Linen Huck Towels, with dam- Barnsley All-Linen Crash, 17 Inches P" CQ speciai*j|>» -^§
¦^T- t^ii ah wr«ii great value at $2 00. Sale.... tiri.50 ask figures; size 20x38; grand OKa* wide; sold all over at 15c a yard |Ar at> eacn V '3 W zS
•"" C shmere Hose ' fa^t P rIce * '••'• *•* value at 35c." Sale price.. Each ZO L Sale price... Per Yard 1U> =3
E ish a e c d k Soseffhe 3 fl i EXTRAORDINARY OFFERINGS LADIES' SLITS, SKIRTS, SILK AND OANNEL WAISTS. cSriS^^SSSSSZi
»- quality. ( Sale price Sensational price: redu'cilons such as these should make the coming week the greatest in the history of our Suit and Waist ered and laco trim- ;^
~Z ....... -rair MJtiC Department. Here are thousands of dollars' .worth of this season's best styles grouped Into low price clearing sale lota, and med effects; good "2
y* vT^,"v> no matter what the. loss maybe, every garment Is marked for quick disposal. : ¦ quali ties; broken
B. — —-. $15.00 AND $17.50 SUITS FOR $8.75. $15.00 AND $17.50 SILK DRESS $25.00 AND $27.50 SUITS $16.95, SSf^i^ffiSd 3
<^- linTinU CXU1UPC "We : have gathered . together, all \ told, ¦ SKIRTS $8.75. The greatest of all Suit bargains, hand- 20c each. SaIeir|/-» .
•T" NU I lUrl OAVInOO. sixty-five suits, this season's styles, made .,,._!, . Bome lot <»< styles of high class tailored price, each....*vV* _^»
fc rnrrturovSklrtBInd- of all-wool Cheviot, in Navy and Black, Unmatchable skirt values - never before 8U itg, made of the finest imported fabrics, ¦ ~2 '
»" m^ in X lead infeo!- in coat and blouse effects, silk lined Jacket, equaled . anywhere. Ladles' Silk Dress in Brown, Navy, Oxford. Red and Black. • - - . - =S-
fc= ilif' «!«. hick- Mm-- tu\l flare skirt, handsomely stitched; never Skirts, made of strong Black Taffeta, ip , n a Krea t variety of styles. Norfolk Jackets NEC X W E A R "-"•
—Z lvalue 5c Sale oX s° ld under ?15 00 and ?17 50 fl;Q-7 6 various styles, plain and tucked tops, and tight - fitting.' skirts are cut in tailor s r e a t ly reduced =Zi
»~- nr ice Yard OC each. Sale price.. .A Suit %>*? — - trimmed with niching and cheni le ru£- goreg( ve ry graceful In their hang; in Odds and ends of
price .......iaro v— *: , fleg ftna circular flounce; a splendid look- f V prv war hlrh class suits that sold at t 2f . Vr en ? s OI — -.
ZZ _____ 83-25 EACH-CLOTH^ SKIRTS- ing garment and a great bargain £O.75 ¦%&% ££ $% eacn. "To to *% Tft.96 iS^'At^tZl =5
ST: : — : . . -.- Broken lines of Ladles' Dress Skirts, at... Each «PO closed out at Each 5>*O ,, J over from ! he -3
-era rwmr iintJW made -of all-wool Black ¦ Cheviot and -err a"TVT"M"PT \STATC^r«s *i V) ».nrh- tlii<» - - liOlidays; some a lit- —^
SE= -D^f N S?«n «Sv trimmed with taffeta straps, perfectly • E^^Jv E B t y us of t he 5 holiest SILK PETTICOATS S5 50 each; tie mussed and soil- I_»
•^ S 0^^' th»t .fwavs tailored; sold at $5 00 and $8 00 «i;O.»5 "illrt material? i^all the best coloringi- broken lines of Ladies' Silk Petticoats, ed; comprising Ja- _•
fc= X at 10c Sale kT each> Sale. ptlce....... ..Each. OO— ; waist materlaki. ta^ «^~£ ««£••»; made of a reliable wearing Taffeta with ,bots Stocks, *T\es, ZZ
~~ price .......Doz OC c T TTT -arATgrTS «1OR each' the sorts. Reduced to..... $1 accordion pleated flounce and ruche trim- etc; J1.00 and $1.50 =3
g= " SI i5tJ¥^ S w.8t 1 lSS.i2f; « -S NOVELTY WOOL WAISTS $3.45, Wtffft* *S5 !&&* •jStttfgft Sg?SS 0^ ¦
ZZ Vv^ determined to close out every odd lot, eac h— A grand collection of the hand-'- have Dee n reduced to Each «J>O - oC ana 5OC "^
•" "' BONE CASING. and are therefore willing to take a loss. somest waist'styles of this season; made - TvrrfPT?T?-KT -PTTnirrTfVI A T<S S2'<)8 «.»*»h' *" **" v — m
T~' o v^Vd leneths In all 200 Silk Waists made of a good wearing of French Flannel and Cashmere; open MOREEN PETTICU ATS J2.98 each, ___________ _«
-t= the best seUlng colors- «o« Taffeta, tucked all over, in the lead- front and back: embroWered and ap- . Ladies' Sillc Moreen Petticoats, made of ""»
loodauamy- regular Ing colors; were $3 50 and C 9. . pllqued effects; in the leading colorings; a good quality, in leading colors, with NECK BUTTS-
fc ?^l? s a ?S; IS: ¦«» 1 'i«,»5»>-.~«'.»'»ga.$3i; ¦** w --^..:T?.'^."-i«B $1— " a ..'..~-...~*.rr!!*::-E^h 98c «ac» -$1^23
g||i|Mol A GREAT "¦¦.CLEAN-UP-' OF BLACK AND COLORED SILKS. ~ ..—"w-i
BRFJT tl\ f (IF • K5ib«i.!tluSt to b«clM.d out r« B «rai.«i ot their oBsm.1 com. Th.«. v.lue. .r. truly nnn.M»bl.. - PJ«t ty «y >«» th«
• DRESS LININ6S. 27-lllCH-C0lORED-/rAFFt=TA. -5a^^^_5__&Sas_A?1& NOVELTY SILKS ' K^^,ffi>Jffi !4 S 8 f[f d yo |i
£ for "¦ monly^an AT 75C'YD, WAS $1.25 50c YARD. gi^1_d* 8 SS._S' y -SS?-£ JfiiA. U. ! h e ' 5 SJr3
t^ . WERE $li00 and $1.25. p h^. ¦" op^gj
JT" we want to make this *"¦"' wa! ? 1 • io " ao ciose..... .. - - yards . Foulards, broken lines, 24 _,_,, _-„_« *,».«_^^~
85= a record-breaking sale. .1 iav TirrrTl iartn varda 23-lnch Black Taffeta, a Inches .wide, In handsome designs. Silks that sold as ~jr|r» ' BATH RDocS.' ST 95 __B
£ JCnn YAPIl^ CiriRT " BLA CK TAFFETA iSUS^.-*' 85c; Salt high as $1 25 a yard. To close, at...... ....Per Yard OUC °«' n nUOM, *...3
_E 4IHJU YAHU* oMnl cq o WRRTH R-ip price ..- .......;.. no c di ipv dciii nc cnic 120 ° yards Black peaa dft SoIe - an Ubn,
__- MNINR AT Qf»A Y() OWCi WUnin OOC i» v..Per Tard'.-OOS*- BLACK PEAU DE SOIt extra heavy quality, guaranteed to give Broken lines of La-
y** Linini) Ml SliM.IU. . ;".>•:" ; ***_. i#inn good: satisfaction; well adapted for dies* Ba.th "Srvh^ — •
,&%SZ££W2S£- S5c, WORTH 75c. y^.^...^.^^ 55c - WORTH $1-35. ::::::::;::;-::::;;;^^ 98c E&?H fi 3
E ; , N EXTflA SPECIAL. 7q p YARD. &t n .¦ :»:^^^%_r-fiV-
i ge 1^^ ' 3C WORTH$l.OO. -— ?ff.^::-::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::-PeVya;d 79c p^e..gch $2^ =3
g; 1 " - ¦ '•¦¦¦ : ' :; ¦ : "'' '¦' ' ' — COUNTRY ORDERS" RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ' _—
MERCERIZED SILK '. j^@^ ' '£-* S^Bmr -nfl R^ A^ GLOVE BARGAINS --3;
«"— 3|C 9 YflrCl* p^r VWnr*^ r _^^ ** -W Glove3 on sale «^re some of the best make* "~g
¦"" An unprecedented offering of high grad5 *^^ ' ,.- t " , *K&Br and 75 a Ipalr * Tha assortment ls broken, ~"~»
S»= Silk Moreens with silk and satin stripes, an n. mil f "J llr but we have aI1 sl2ea and " ome ot the be8 ' _3»
¦— extra heavy quality for petticoats; only a ltm- S^JtS^**^* 1^^! -gVJ^^ Ft°^^Uld qualltles are the best ' real
liiuaiiutiiiuuiiiiiuuiiuiuaiuiiuaiuiiiiuiiuuiuiitiiiauuauaiuiuiuiiuiwumiaiuiumjiiiiiiuiiuuiiiiaiaiiuuiiwiil
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. AMUSE3EEHTS.
£p *ffi!d 3y Matinee To-Day
To-nlgrht. Thursday. Friday. Saturday Ni«ht«
and Saturday Matinee.
Mary Mannerihg
JANICE "MEREDITH.
„.._ SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. '
MATINEE TO-MORUOW (THURSDAY).
MARY MANXERIN'G IN
"CAMILLE."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
MODJBrKA and JAMES
And an Incomparable Company In
"HENRY VIII."
The Most Complete. Sumptuous and Scholastic
Production Ever Shown in This City. •
SEAT. SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
Evenings at S Sharp.
Matinee SATURDAY and NEW YEAR'S
DAY at 2 Sharp.
"IT HAS COME TO STAY."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza.
Little Red
Riding Hood
BE SURE AXD BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY,
JANUARY 2.
MATIXEE TO-DAY OWEDNE^pAT). JAN. 1.
;¦¦£*? PICOLO'S LiElPUTIANS,
RITTEB'S TEAINED DOGS
and the Great
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Parquet, any »eat, 25c; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, any part exceet reserved, 10c.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
THE GREATEST COLORED SHOW ON
EARTH.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
th: BLACK PATTI
Ss TROUBADOURS
BLACK PAT 1 1,
The Greatest Slnerer of Her Race,
And JOHN RUCKKR. "The Alabama Blos-
som," and 30 Ebony Ecstasies.
Special Feature — Grand Gold Medal Champion
CAKE "WALK
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Evenings.
* Seats Ready.
Next Sunday. Jan. 5 — '•WHOSE BABY ARE
YOU?" — "Don't You Remember?"
Seats Thursday. •'. ;¦%
:*f HHATR£ *4V
Belasco & Thall. Mffrs. *L ~.ytt
LAST NIGHTS. i«??f0l?fr7
I.AST NIGHTS. e&*C-f*Si
EXTRA MATINEE ' &£z& fp»ai
Our Holiday Fan. zsjvjjL^^-?
CHARLEY'S /p^ip
AUNT. §v^l
A Laucb a Minute for 2 V^fcHB
Regular Matinee Satur- /ft*., * d*^SS •
£ay and Sunday. -««li3? 1 A&J±r<-
Prices— 15, 2.*>. 35. £0, 75c.
NEXT— "THE WIFE." 1i ' **" -
SPECIAL NEW YEAR'S MATINEE TO-DAY.
Usual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
To-nleht aj.il Kv«ry Evening This Week.
•mj;v.i;nj> .ls success of
MINNIE SELIGMAN
— — _JX— — — •
"A LADY OF QUALITY."
Pooular Price* — 10c, 15c, 25c. COc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
NEXT WEEK.
MINNIE SELIGMAN In a frand double bill
of A. Carrano's "CAVALLERIA RUSTI-
CANA" and W. S. Gilbert's "COMEDY AND
TRAGEDY." . . -^
BEL&SCO amo THAlCS^j^ib
•* |r UtKTt Cttt IUUA
EXTRA MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Desman Thompson's Great Play, '
THE TWO
SIS TERS.
A PLAY EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE.
Superb Production, Novel Specialties, etc.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
DD'TPC Evening* 10c to 60e
ri£iVC3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Next Week— "LOST IN NEW YORK."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
NEW YEAR'S, THURSDAY, SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY.
ADMISSION 25c AND 80c
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS
. . -vs. • ,.-
iNATIONALS
Friday at 2:30 . Saturday at 2:45
Sunday at 2:30
RECREATION FARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS."
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS,
Or. on« Bide of these magnificent
betels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers* district— on the other, re- .;
tail stores, clubs,* railroad and' -
newspaper offices, banks and the-
oters. Street ears to all parts of,
the. city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass 'the entrance. ' > - j
American and European plans.THE COAST RECORD.
Articles — Open. Hljh. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— »*¦,'¦
December 78% 78% -78 78U
May .....'. .82 ,[': 82% ' •. 81% 82^
July ........... ..81% 82% 81% 81%
Corn No." 2 — y - -.¦•¦.
December ...... .63% 63% 63% 63%
May ...'. . C6% 66% 66% 66%
July.". 66 66^4 65% ' 65%
V3ats No. .2— ¦¦•¦ » - ¦ •••-•¦'.
December .....: 44% 45M, 44% 45%
May,'.. .....; 45^4' . 45% 45%' 45%
July- ....'........; 39% 39% 39% 39%
• Mess • Fork, per = bbl —
January... ....16 75 f 16 80 16 75 16 80
May. . ;..... ....17 32% 17 40 17 30
Lard,' per 100 lbs— . V ,: •«
January- .......10 07%-10 07% 9 95 0 95
May :.....,.. ..10 12% 10 15 "9 97% 10 02.
-Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ , ¦ ' ¦ ! .
January .. .8 55',- - 8 57% -8 52% ' 8 65 '
May ........ 8 85 ' 8 87% i- 8 SO , ¦ 8 82%
Continued on Page Eleven.
;. CANNED ;FRUITS-^-The ; California Fruit
Canners 1 quote '< as follows.-; in 2^-lb ' tins* " "Ap
ples, ; $.1 05@l 45; Apricots, f 1@1 50; Peaches.
;. ' GRAIN ; B AGS-j^Calcutta* Grain ; Bags, .7c ; lo
cal make. ' %c- less than Calcuttas; -WooftBags
32@35c: Fleece Twine.' 7%@8c. * ; "
General Merchandise.
•'.'BEANS-^-Bayos, '¦¦-¦ $2 30@2 40; .! Small : -White'
$2 75@3 15 ;1 Large .White,! $.2 80#3; Pea; $3 >0@
4; - Pink;: ?1 80@2 10; ?• Red,- $.2 50@3; ¦ Blackcve,
More/ trade I In ; Beans • is .expected » after the
holidays,', as 'the ' shipping .; demand; ¦ as r already
mentioned, ' is -reappearing.' '- Prices • : show T" no
chance. -• ' '^CVSP'QHHKOSB
Beans and Seeds.
. Wheat— . March. , May
Opening '..I .....6 3% v. 6 3%
ciosing^Trr.".^T.Tr.*r:rrr.~'.T < 6 3 - 6 sy.
MH|jn^K;' paris: . '•
.Wheat — ¦'¦ Dec.'! '- Mar. -June/
Opening ................. 22 40 ' 2275 .^ J
'Closing .;."'/. •.;.'.'.........•. 22 10 2275
i"'- Flour — ;;.- ." ¦ . ¦ ' . ¦ i ; ¦ .¦; .. ¦
Opening ................. 27.45 '¦ ;28 60 '.
'Closing .'..". ¦.;."..."¦.."...".¦:*.., 27 '75 •' ' _2S 55
Visible Grain Supply. /
NEW YORK. '•. Dec.; 31.— Special ' cable* ,¦ and"
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
TJ. On ; the : Produce Exchange ; to-day Uhe ; Butter
market* was steady; creams,' : 15®24c; > dairies,
14@20c; " cheese, . ' steady, f . 9%@10%c;''eggs,
steady, 23@ 24c. „ '
-The ¦ market remains as/before; quoted, " Hay
and '. Feedstuff s ¦ ruling I firm. ' the • former : owing
to '. dry J weather and '' the Uatter.-pn account of
Ii2ht stocks. •¦,¦.•;:•¦ " - %
' BRAN— $17 50@18 50 per ton. ' ~
MIDDLINGS-^-$10@20 50 per ton. 2SS8B
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled «¦ Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton : Oilcake Meal ' at the mill, $27028 ; Job
bing.'. $28 50@29:' Cocoanut Cake,: $20(321: Corn
Meal,'. $31@3l 50;- v Cracked.' Corn, -~$3150®32;
Mixed Feed. ?16@17.' > . •,..._,,.
- \ HAY —^Wheat,-- $9@11 50;' fancy,'. $12; Wheat
and ¦ Oat, 7- $9@11 50; ; Oat,, $7 50@10 50; ' Barley
and Oat, ! $7 50@9 50; ' Alfalfa, '$8@10; j. Clover
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer,'^ $6@8 60; Stock, $5 50®
- STR e A"wV30@47%c per bale!
Hay and- Feedstiiffs.
¦Articles^ • . . * Receipts/Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ 46,000 59,000
Wheat, bushels ....;"....... 113,000 '19,000
Corn.vbushels .:.......... .202,000 165,000
Oats, ; bushels ............ .258.000 "-'155,000
Rye. bushels i'TTTVT.'VVTrrr.rj 25.000 " "3,000
Barley, -bushels- .."¦..."."..'.'.'.' 88,000 , 10.000
- Cash quotations-, were- as • follows:^ -Flour,
easy; • No. 2 spring wheat,, ¦' 78@80c; . No." 3
spring, 75@79c; No. 2 red, 84%(S87c; No. -«2
oats,- 46c;: No." 2, white, 47%@48c; No." 3 white,'
47@47J/ 3 c: No. 2 rye, 65%®66c; fair . to choice
malting barley. 56®62c: ¦, No. ' 1 . flaxseed, ; $lr57
<S)1 58; No. .1 Northwestern, ;$1" 61; prime tim
othys seed, 56 35@6 45; mess ¦¦. pork, per bbl.,
$15 80@15 90;>lard,,per:100 lbs.,,$O l)0@10 16:
short ilbs sides (loose). $8 50@8 60;. dry salted
shoulders ' (boxed), "-..7%@7 J^c;5 short clear sides
(boxed),' $8 90@9 10: -whisky,' basis of - high
wines, $1 32; clover, . contract grade, $9 40(d>
9 45. i .-'-...I. ,.--(- . - <¦ ¦.•;-: .--.U'Vl:
" WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. 6@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs* ,*:7%@8%c; Middle County, S^lOc
per pound."'-." 1 ','7 : ' " ¦•
; ¦ HOPS— 9@10c i for fair and ll@12c per lbfor
good ¦ to r choice." Local dealers quote . 10@15c
for shipment. • '-. BWKiSffffflJBM r II ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ mti
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about me under quotations. Heavy, salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c: light. 9%c:- Cow
Hides. 0%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light:
Stags. 7c; Salted: Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry, Hides. 16^c; Culls, 14c
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf,' 18c; Culls and Brands
15c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool, 40®60c ; each; *.- medium. 60@85c; long
Wool. ' S0c@$l 10 * each; Horse •- Hides. • salt
$2 50<@2 75 for larse and $2@2 25 for ¦ medium
$1 ' 75 for small and " 50c ; for Colts ; Horse
Hides, dry.' $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins.' 30c; 'winter or thin skins. 20c
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium. 1 35c.
• -TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5% @6c per lb*
No 2. 4%@5c; grease., 3c. ,'-'*-¦
There is nothing new; In Hops, which have
almost .wholly passed out of growers' . hands,
andthe few still left'ln the country are held
for better prices later on: •
There Is not a great deal doing in Wool, be
cause stocks are depleted,' , as already men
tioned. ¦ The • feeling, however, is steady and
the best grades are moving off very well.
. Hides and Tallow continue In good shape for
sellers and the feeling tn both Is steady.
Hides, Tailow, Wool and Hops.
weather conditions *and general
' \ ¦ forecast;,
'^ The pressure Is beginning: to fall slowly along
the coast from San Francisco northward. Rain
Is now falling along, the Washington and Ore
gon coasts and may reach as far south as Cane
Mendoclno. t . • - \~
had less rainfall at San Francisco
than any - pwlous - December 8lnc« 1 1878 In
Southern California little or no rain fell" dur
ing the month. • ¦ • - * .¦¦_-¦
•- Forecast • made at . San ' Francisco" for thirty
hours, , ending midnight, r January ; 1, lflO2 : : .*.
; "Northern" California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday; possibly; rain by ¦ night- '
fresh southeast winds. .-.¦:..•.,-. C* ,? ¦ '
t ¦' Southern Calif ornla— Fair Wednesday- ' light
northerly .winds. -• - i\ - -
__ NevadaA-FaJr ¦ 'Wedneeday-; : light! northerly
winds.*" . • ¦ ..•¦¦¦•¦ " t S ' i
* ;' San rranclsco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes'-
-¦ MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as ' fol
lows, usual discount • . to • the • trade : - Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 Hbs; Rye . Flour, -¦ 92 75;* Rye
Meal, $2 50; > Rice Flour," $7;: Corn Meal, $3 25"
extra 1 cream ; do, $4; Oat Groats, -• $5; = Hominy
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. : $4@4 25; > Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, v $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; ; Rolled ¦-¦ Oats . (barrels), ' $6 85®
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley; $5- Split
Peas,. $5; Green Peas,$6 50. per-100 lbs
FLOUR- 1 — California'; Family > Extras, *$3 25@
3 50, usual terms ; Bakers' Extras, . $3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon, ' $2 50@2 75 per barrel for .family and
$2 75@3 ; for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers'
$275@3;" ¦ ¦ •?.-. ¦:¦:: ; 1 ' „ ..-¦ ¦ :¦; , ¦ ,-, .,:,'
Flour" and Millstuffs,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56: minimum. 45; mean. 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ....'..'... .42-22 Omaha 48-28
Cincinnati 40-32 Duluth ......:. -.42-16
Washington 42-32 Salt Lake . City. .34-26
Jacksonville 50-3-1 Chicago ...... '...34-30
Kansas City 50-34 St. Louis ... .44-36
New York 42-30 Philadelphia .....42-34
CURED MEATS— Bacon. . 12c per , lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for, extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern ..sugar-cured Hams, 13c; •_ California
Hams. 121,4c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family, «12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $22 50@23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound. -.' ¦¦-¦'. . ¦ ¦
:LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per .lb for
compound '¦ and 11% c for pure; half * barrels,
pure ll%c;10-lb tins, 12% c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb'tlns,>12%c.
COTTOLENE^-One . half -barrel, lO^jc : three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c;- two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. ._ V .
; The Chicago market . was lower, . but steady
at the decline. ... This market was dull and
featureless, as usual at this season of the year.
Provisions.
Last This Last ••
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 15.13 20.68
Red Bluff ..; 00 9.66 8.81
Sacramento .00 5.98 8.78
San Francisco .. .00 5.80 7.22
Fresno 00 . 2.17 5.43
Independence 00' 1.34 2.31
San Luis Obispo. . .O0 4.56 10.20
Los Angeles . .00 .2.45 6.79
San Diego 00 0.77 1.73"
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay.CPC.5s.lO8yilO9, Oceanic 5s...'-- 105
Cal-st 5s . - 110 — • Ombua C 63.130% —
Ed L & P 0b . Pk& C H'6s ¦ li«
Fer&C H Gs. 120 — Pk&O R 6s . '. 121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 ¦ Pwl-st R 6s.llS%120
UNITED STATES BONDS.
_. Bid. Ask. I a... »'' v
4s quar coup.ll2Till3% Us qr c (new>13»Sl4O
43 quar re B ..lll%112%!3s quar coup. 10S ft —
TUESDAY. Dec. 31—2 p, m .
STOCK AND BOUT) EXCHANGE.
waiian Commercial sold at $34.
- The dividend ot the Hibernla Savings and
Loan Society is at the rate of 3% per cent per
annum. . ¦ •" - -¦
Parafflne Paint Company paid, a dividend of
25c, or $2500. on the 25Hh. . ;> ,
The current advance in California Standard
Oil is said to be due to the fact that arrange
ments have been made by which 'the company
becomes fully possessed : of . Its land, formerly
leased from the McKlttrick Oil Company.
" The following dividends are payable January
2: California Title Insurance Company, $l 50
per share for th» quarter; Columbia Banking
Company, $3 per share for the half year; Han
ford Oil Company, $1 per share for the month;
Napa Consolidated and New Idria Quicksilver
Mining Company, each 10c , per share for the
quarter; Empire Quicksilver Mining: Company,
30c per share, first dividend.
Other dividends have been, declared, -payable
In January, as follows: Market-street Railway
Company, 60c per share for the. quarter, on the*
10th: Imperial Oil Company, 20c per share, and
Thirty-three Oil Company. 10c per share, both
payable on the 6th: Wells. Fargo & Co.. 3 per
cent for the six months and an extra ' dividend
of 2 per cent, both payable on the 15th.
Union Con.- has levied an assessment of 10c
Tl^e semi-annual interest on the following
local bonds is now payable:
Callfornla-st. Cable 5s $ 22.25O
Contra Costa Water 5a 50.000
Los Angeles Lighting 63 ........ 30.000
Market-st. Cable 6s 90 ooo
Nevada County N. G. Ry. 7s 8,'75O
Northern Railway California 6s.. ...... 154'fi.W>
North Pacific Coast Railway 5s 22 70O
Oakland Transit Co. 6s.'. ."."....'... ...... 42000
Oakland 'Water C0.J.....V .....V. 3750O
Oceanic Steamship Co. 5s. ...:.......,. 6Oi -> 5
Park and Ocean Railway 6s.. -7*500
Park and CHIT House Railway. 63 .",;.., lo'oOO
Southern Pacific of Arizona Railway 6s. 30o!f>00
Total '......;. :...;................ $836,255
/' Also the quarterly Interest on the Unitea
States 4 per cent bonds of 1907. amounting to
$2,432,015, and the quarterly Interest on United
States 4 per cent bonds of ..1930, . amounting to
*4,45./,4v7. ' : r..
The following oil dividends were paid in Dp
cember: Aztec. $2700; Central Pt. Con $3sno-
Hanford. $2000; Four. $3000: Home $7500- s-n-
Joaquin. $5000; West Shore. $5000 '
*~ ; ; ; »
Local . stocks and bonds were dull on the
morning session, and the only change was a
slight decline In Alaska Packers to $174.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was lower,
declining to $41. California Wine sold still
higher, closing the year at $94 bid. Alaska
Packers fell back still further to $173. Ha-
The yearly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of
the Weather Bureau, Is as follows:
It may be stated at the beginning that the
year was one of large ! yields and generally fa
vorable climatic conditions. A fair crop was
harvested and marketed at satisfactory figures.
Farmers made money, both because of the ex
cellent weather conditions and good markets.
Shipments of fresh deciduous fruits during the
season of »1901 were estimated at 170,000,000
pounds. Some of the details of the growing
season follow:
; Oranges, of excellent Quality were plentiful
in January, and the crop has not been serious
ly injured by frosts. Almonds and peaches
were In bloom by the 4th of February, and
peaches, cherries and apricots were blossom
ing by the '25th. Several thousand acres of
grain were washed out by the heavy rains dur
ing February. Deciduous fruit trees were in
full bloom by the 4th of March, and work had
commenced in the bop fields. Wheat had com
menced heading out by March 18. -
Frosts early in April caused great damage
to deciduous fruits, and severe hall storms in
jured fiuit trees. Haying commenced about
' the 15th. and cherries and strawberries were
•shipped from the Sacramento Valley. Olive
picking was in progress in the vicinity' or Banr
Diego by the 22d of April and vineyards were
In excellent condition. Severe frosts on the
20th aiid 27th in the coast and bay sections
Injured nearly all varieties of deciduous fruits
and grapee.
• Grain harvest commenced in portions of th«
San Joaquin Valley about the 15th of May.
I'eaches, cherries and apricots were being ship
lied before the close of May from Yolo and
Holano counties. Conditions thus far had been
favorable for citrus fruits and walnuts.
High temperatures prevailed early in June;
greatly to the benefit of grain and hay. Heavy
irosts about the 12th of June damaged corn,
potatoes end garden vegetables in portions ot
the northern counties, but did not injure fruits
Rapid progress was made joward the close of
the month in harvesting ' grain and hay. Pros
p«pts were good for the largest crop of sugar
beets ever gathered in Southern California.
The vineyardists in portions of the Santa Clara
Valley reported the loss • of many of the older
grapevines, and the three preceding dry years
were given as the cause. Abnormally high
temperatures prevailed throughout the Etate
at the close of June, but caused no material
damage to crops. Fires In the San Joaquin
Valley destroyed many large fields of grain
a/id much pasturage.
During the month of July conditions were
very favorable lor matujing grain and decid
uous fruit crops and for the growth of eugar
bc*ts, hops, corn, beans and vegetables. Har
vesting and threshing progressed rapidly and
large crops of grain and hay were gathered
both of excellent quality. The yield' of apri
cots and prunes was generally below .'average
and other deciduous < fruits were - not proving
as good crops as had been . expected. Apples
were looking well and gave promise of a heavy
crop.- Grape picking had commenced 1 in tome
sections 'before the end of July, s and th« vine
yards were in good condition.' ¦-•¦, ¦
Extreme heat during the early.' part" of Au
gust seriously injured Tokay grapes, but : im
proved the condition of other. fruits and bent-.
The Weather and Crops.
Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend No.
37 qf 75 cents per share.
Weather Report.
fl20th Meridian— Pacific Tlme.>
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, . D«e. 31—5 p. m. .
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 4,140!Bran. sks 1,670
Potatoes, ska .. 732 1 Wool, bales .... 3
Flour, Qr sks.. 8.1C7
Wheat, ctls ...183,207
Barley, ctls ...170,427
Rye, ctls ...... 615
Beans, sks .... 90."
Potatoes, sks .. 5,533
Onions, sks .... 'Si
Bran. . sks ..... 1,1501
Middlings, sks . 1,035
Straw, tons ... 6
Hay, tons 4731
Wool, ska ' 5
Qulcksilvr, flsks 43
Raisins, bxs ... 720
Sugarj ctls .... 2,350
Lime, bbls .... iX
Leather, rolls .. " 130
Hides, No 4-T6
Pelts, bdls,.... 435
Tallow, ctls ... 224
Wine, gals .... 10.000
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 31.
Receipts of Produce.
Mall advices from -New York say: "There
•was practically no trade in the local circles
Tuesday and the market was unchanged. Cur
rents were rather unsettled, owing to the prob
able arrival this week of the Miramar with
19,000 bbls and the widely varying views of
different receivers as to the outlook, but actual
spot prices for Amalias in barrels held steady
at 5%@5%c. with cleaned in cartons quoted
from 6%®7c. Amalias to arrive were offered
from 5 7-16@5%c. and cleaned In cartons after
the arrival of- the Miramar at 6%c. Raisins
were very dull on spot, with offerings general
ly withdrawn on the coast- New crop Santa
Clara prunes were unchanged from a 3%@3%c
basis. A coast dispatch reported a sale to "a
large packer of about 200 cars old crop at a
~%c basis for Santa Claras. This, if confirmed,
¦will undoubtedly cause a further advance in
Ihe California market. Oregon prunes are
quoted on the coast at a basis price of 2%c,
with some goods now en route still offering as
low as a 2 '4 c basis. Spot prunes were very
quiet, but the feeling is one of confidence in
the market. Apricots and peaches were steady
Fancy cnpeeled Muire in 1-lb wooden boxes
are offered at 10%c. Nuts are quiet. Shelled
Bordeaux walnuts are easier.
Dried Fruit in New York.
'Informal Session — 9:15 ' o'clock— May — 2000
ctls, 80%c. ... : ' : V?"'.-'"V ". '¦' . •¦- '
Second Session— No sales.
. Regular Morning Session— No sales. '
: No afternoon session. • ; \ ¥
¦ OATS — Closed the year veryv firm,, with light
stocks all over the Coast, and a good ' demand
for Government account. . The ¦ world's visible
supply, •= according? to . " Brads t reefs, . - decreased
914,000-bushels during the .week. -
Receipts at Chicago during the year were
15,000,000 bushels less than in 1900. -\
Grays, $1 20@l 25; whites, $120@137%; Sur
prise, 41 30@l 40; black, $1 07%@l 15 for < feed
and $1 20@l 25 for seed ;. red. $1 17%@1 20 per
ctl for feed and $1 30@l 37% for seed. :•-.- *. \
¦CORN— iThe market rules dullr both' here and
In the : East, and quotations ¦ show , no ¦ change
worthy: of note. ,' The visible supply, according
to ; Bradstreet's, Increased 825,000 bushels dur
ing the week." ' :r.', .... ,'-,.- •¦..,
Receipts ' at . : Chicago during- the year were
60.000,000 bushels less than in 1900. •¦- .
Large yellow, : $1 30@l 35; small ¦ round do.
$1 35@1 40; white, $1 32%@1 35 per ctl. A- ¦
! .RYE— Steadily held at"77%@81%c per ctl.'-
BUCK WHE AT— Quoted at . f f A per cental
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May — 6000
ctjs, $108%.
Second Session— rNo . sales. .
: Regular Morning Session — No sales.
No afternoon session. ' . ¦ — . ¦ . ,
BARLEY — The market Is. of a holiday char
acter and quotations show no change.
Feed, 81 %c for choice bright, 80c for No. 1
and 77%@78%c for off grades; brewing and
shippin'g grades, 85@87%c; Chevalier, 80c@$l
per ctl. . . ¦ v
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago showed little change. The shorts
covered freely, and long , wheat came out.
Scalpers bid up the market in their endeavors
to cover. A'Rosaria cable reported the Argen
tine : weather ¦ too dry " for Corn and said that
rain 'Was much needed. -Bradstreet's gave the
supply as follows: East of. the Rockies, a de
crease of 11^,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, a
decrease . of. 700,000;- total decrease, 813,000
bushels. • . •¦ :
Receipts , at - Chicago during the year were
3,000,000 bushels less than in 1900.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05; milling, $1 07%
per ctl. , . - -;:¦-¦-¦ •
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are 'teady at . 35s,
usual options, which is the rate of the last
reported charter.' The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 40,600,' against
59,670 tons on. the same date last year; disen
gaged, 6370 tons, 1 against 8631; on the way to
this port, 180,237 tons, against 106,120. -¦ :
WHEAT — The usual flour and bran throwing
and general horseplay occupied the brokers yes
terday ¦ morning, hence there was • no business.,
worth talklnsr about. . • ¦ .
Wheat and ¦ Other Grains.
Dried fruits of all kinds close the year very
strong, •j'ith a continued brisk demand. The
situation Is exceptionally flattering. Nuts and
Honey, 'while not exactly dull. .' are less ' active
than Raisins and fruits. .
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals 'and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, • 5(5)7 % c; Pears, 4%@8%c: Plums,
pitted. 4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 6O@75c per box for white.
• PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows :
30-40's, 6@6%c; . 40-50*8, 4%@5%c; 50-60's,
4%@4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4%c; 70-80*8. 3%@3%c;
S0-90's. 2%@3%c; 90-100*s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box) : Clusters—
Imperial $3; Dehesa, $2 60; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown,- $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown. - $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown,-5%c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8^c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 6%c; un-
Meached Sultanas. 5c. Bleached Thompson'*. —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard. •7%c; prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice seeded. 6%c; do in bulk, fancy. 6%c;
choice. 6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10<S>llc; Walnuts. .No. 1
softshell, 9&c; No. 2. 8®8%c; No. 1. hardshell,
0c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell. 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; -Ilecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.' -. • .¦ - •
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for.bright and 10@
IV/2C for light amber:. water" white extracted,
5@6c;- light amber, extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
The latest news in this market is the with
drawal of prices for loose seeded Raisins, ow
ing to differences between the American Raisin
Packing Company and the Raisin Growers' As
sociation. When the two bodies adjust their
dispute the prices will be restored. The i quo
tations for seeded below are accordingly nom
inal under the circumstances.
Dried Fruits/ Nuts and Raisins.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; sows 20 per cent off:
boars. 30 per cent off. and stass 40 per cent
oft from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7@8%c.
LAMB— 9<@9%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7®8%c: small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®«%c; Ewes. 7%fSc
per lb.
! Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7%@S%e for Steers and 6%@"c per
lb for Cows. . • tr
All descriptions are as previously quoted,
with; light supplies and a firm market.
San Francisco Meat Market.
' The coinage at the local Branch Mint during
the month of December was as follows: Double
eagles, $11,500,000; eagles. $565,O00; total for
the month. $12,065,000. Since January 1 to
date the coinage amounts to $81,072,490, againt>t
$57,446.(524 in 1900. The Mint officials say
that the coinage for the past year was the
largest ever coined in one year by any mint
in the world. mermmmrXm
Mint Coinage.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight - — 4 87%
Sterling Cables ¦ ....:..:. — 4>88%
New York Exchange, sight..... 02%
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 05
Silver, per ounce — "55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% @ 45
The Customs authorities have fixed the value
of the Mexican dollar for appraisement purposes
for the ensuing quarter at 44.9c. . :
Exchange and Bullion.
. Receipts of duties on Imports at the Custom
house during the ¦ month of ¦December were
$009,003. making the total receipts since Janu
ary 1 $7,044,372, against $7,C93,2*_ > 4 in 1900.
Custom Receipts.
Local. bank clearings in December were $106,
038,9CS. against for December. 1900.
For the year 1901 **iey were $1,178,169,736,
against $l,029,58*4*j5 In 1900. According to
these figures weljid about- $148,5S7,142 more
business in 1901 «5an in 1900, ' . . '
Bank Clearings.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l
for standards, $1 25@1 50 for choice and $1 75@
2 25 for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tanger
ines. $1 25fi$l 50; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l-
Lemons, 5Oc@$l for common and $1 50@2 for
good to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $2@3; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas
$1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c
@$1 75 for -Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra 75c
@»1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples. 75c@$l 50. —
PEARS — Winter kinds. 75c@$2 50 per box
PERSIMMONS— 25@50c per box.
. CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $10 per barreU
Coos Bay $2 50 per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The Honolulu steamer brought up 6443
bunches of Island Bananas, but they were
rather green.
The Orange market shows no change, ripe
and well colored fruit selling well, and green
fruit dragging. Lemons and Limes are quiet.
Persimmons are getting scarce. There Is
nothing new in Apples and Pears.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market for evaporated apples was very
quiet, but about steady at unchanged prices.
State, common to ' good, ¦ 6@8%c; prime, 9@
9%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS— Were dull
and unchanged. .'.. . •¦
PRUNES— 3%@7c. -
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%
@13c. •
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 7%@
12%C.. r , . . . .- ¦ ; •-¦•...•¦'•• ¦
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK,' Dec. .31.— FLOUR— Receipts,
46,566 barrels; exnorts, 22,583 barrels; dull at
old prices;* closed firm. . . . ' \ ¦
WHEAT— Receipts, 80,750 bushels; exports,
79,966 bushels; spot, dull; No. 2 red, 88%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 87c elevator; No.- • 1
Northern Duluth, 87%c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 94%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easy with cables, rallied on a scare of
shorts and ruled irregular all day, but gen
erally well sustained owing to a decrease in
world's stocks, strength of- late Continental
cables and moderate outside support on the
weak sr»ot situation. • Closed steady and un
changed. March, 87 ll-16@87%c, closed 87%c;
May, 86 11-16®87%c, cloved «7c; July, 86%@
87%c, closed S6%c. •' ¦.•••-. ,
* HOPS — Quiet. ¦.¦'.*
'• HIDES^— Firm. ¦ .
WOOLr^-Quiet. '"." J".-;:---.
.COFFEE — Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice.
7 l-16e; -mild, quiet; Cordova, 7 %@llc. Fu
tures closed with a net advance of 5 to 10
points; total sales, .41,000 ¦'. bags, including:
January, 6.75c; March, 6.85@7c; May, 7.05®
7.20c; June, '7.30c: July,. 7.30@7.40c;- Septem
ber, 7.45c; October, 7.60@7.65c.
. SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar.
2%c. I Refined was steady. : :
' BUTTER — Receipts, ¦ 7300 packages; ¦ steady;
State dairy, 15@23c; creamery, 10@25c; June
creamery, 15@21%c; factory, 12%@15%c.
' EGGS— Receipts, 10,900 packages; steady;
Western at mark, 23@29c. v,.
Charles Sleeper, manager of the San Fran
cisco Clearing House Association, under date
of the 30th says: "At a meeting of the Clear
ing House Association held to-day a resolution
was adopted whereby on and after January 2,'
1902, the daily, exchange of checks, etc., at the
Clearing House will be made at 11:45 a. m.,
except on Saturdays, when the exchange will
be made *t-ll o'clock a. m. The Clearing
House committee may. change the hour of ex
change for special occasions."
One Clearance Daily.
Produce Exchange call board sales in De
cember were 82,700 tons wheat and 8100 tons
barley. For the first half of the crop year they
were 393,300 tons wheat and 31,500 tons barley.
Produce Exchange Sales.
A weaker Egg market is expected with the
turn of the year, as the holiday demand is now
practically over, and receipts will prob
ably increase from now on. Prices thus far
show no weakness, however. •
Butter remains In moderate stock and un
changed. Cheese continues weak under large
supplies.
Re^ eI P t s "W'ere 26,400 pounds of Butter, — —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 479 cases of Eggs
——cases of Eastern Eggs, 800 pounds of Cali-
RTT%^ se o and 5€0 pounds of Ore *°n Cheese.
a UTTER — Creamery, 25@26c per lb for
fancy and 20@23c for secondi; dairy. 17%@22c
9n OT % B^ t S r 'T, 14 ® 17c ?. er lb = Creamery? Tub.'
CHEESE S Ol i U £ 1 &L K «- l«0Wc per-lb
v™, H 5 a ?* eW| ;o 1;l &@12c; old, 10@llc;
Yo^2f, s A m , ertca » 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
n£ * S— Ranch. 34@35c for selected large. 31
B %IJ$?£ to cho!ce and 30@32c for fair;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
j NEW YORK,' Dec. 31. — Money ¦ on call,
strong, 6@15 per cent; closed bid and asked
5@6:per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5©5%
per cent;- sterling exchange, easier," with
actual business' in bankers' bills at $4 86% for
demand and at $4 83%@4 83% for sixty days,;
posted rates, $4 84%@4 87%; commercial bills,
$4 8304 83%; bar silver, 55%c; , Mexican dol
lars, 43%c; Government bonds, strong; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
CLOSING.
New York Money Market.
Imports .of specie at this port during the
first eleven months of the year were $20,164,442,
sg&lnst $25,373,728 during the same time in
1900, the descriptions being as follows: Gold
bullioE, $3,920,980; gold coin. $13,239,313; sil
ver bullion. $2,530,369; sliver coin. $473,780..
The principal sources were: Australia, $12.
4.VS.U75; Mexico, $3,529,545; Japan. $3,788,593.
Imports of Specie.
The first week in December was marked by
unusually high temperatures, and followed by
cold weather, severe frosts, fogs and rain, con
tinuing until about the 20th. The cooler
weather was beneficial hi checking too rapid
development of . fruit buds. Oranges not , pro
tected by smudging and fire baskets were con
siderably damaged by frosts, - but as ample
warning had been given, the loss was compar
atively light. Young orange orchards, nursery
stock and vegetables were badly damaered.
Grain and preen feed continued In excellent
condition. Dry, • northerly winds prevailed
toward the close of December, absorbing much
of the moisture in the' soil and causing farm
ers great uneasinesx, particularly. In the South
ern districts. On the 27th -an. unusually severe
"Santa Ana" or dust storm occurred through
out Southern California, accompanied by high
winds, causing Rxeat damage. Oranges . were
blown from the trees and many trees were up
rooted. This report closes too early for an
accurate estimate of the losses sustained.
The temperature and rainfall during the
month of November were both above normal,
and conditions were very favorable for secur
ing the outstanding crops. The raisin season
closed before the middle of the month.
Through the timely warnings : from | the sec
tion center, the crop was well . protected from
the frequent rains, and the loss fas quite in
significant. The season was a very successful
one. the yield being fully up to the average in
many places and the quality of the raisins su
perior. Oranges were bciDg gathered and ship
ped in considerable quantities; the yield was
about average and the quality excellent. Olive
picking and pickling were in progress. Early
wheat was in excellent condition and making
rapid growth. The soil was in good condition
and farmers were engaged in plowing and seed
ing. Some sections reported that the grain
acreage would probably exceed that of last
year. New grass ¦ was abundant, and stock
were in~ good condition. Beans were not as
badly damaged by* rain as had been reported,
and the crop turned out very fair.
The temperature during October was consid
erably, above normal and from the 10th to 12th
extremely warn weather prevailed in the coast
and bay sections. The , rainfall during the
month was slightly above' normal and in
Southern California it was the heaviest for
several years during October. Grain, hay,
beans and late grapes were considerably dam
aged by rain, but other crops were benefited
and pasturage was' greatly Improved. Fires
caused considerable damage in the timber lands
about Pacific Grove and Salinas and destroyed
many acres of grazing lands in other places.
Apples were yielding a better crop than for
several years. Walnut harvest was progress
ing, with excellent results. Prospects con
tinued good for a large crop of oranges and
olives. The raisin crop was nearly all cured
and moving to packing houses. An immense
crop of celery was being raised along the
Santa Ana River in Orange County. The sea
son for . grain, beans and sugar beets practi
cally closed in most sections during the latter
part of October, and excellent returns were
the rule. Plowing, seeding and tree pruning
were in progress in many places.
Nearly normal weather conditions prevailed
during the month of September. In a few ex
posed places , light frosts injured potatoes,
beans and vegetables " to some extent during
the first week of the month, and heavy rains
toward the close caused some damage to grain
in sacks, unbaled hay. beans and hops. There
was an unusually heavy fall of snow in the
mountain districts on the 23d and 24th. Raisin
drying progressed . satisfactorily, and as ample
warninge of rain were given, the damage to
the crop was very light. Shipments «of grain
and hay were greatly regarded by the ¦ labor
troubles at San Francisco, and immense quan
tities of grain were stacked up along the rail
road tracks. The season practically closed
¦without disastrous northers, and with the de
sired early fall rains.
and northern sections were greatly endangered
by the lack of shipping facilities caused by the
San Francisco labor troubles,* and in some
places the loss on perishable fruit was quite
serious. Very light crops of wheat and bar
ley were harvested in Southern California.
Cooler weather toward the close of August re
tarded the ripening of grapes and late decidu
ous fruits. ¦ Hops, beans and sugar beets were
being harvested, and all were yielding excel
lent crops. , . .¦ '
Local bank clearings last year, gain largely over iooo.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, ' Dec. 31.— Business in the wool
market : was not so heavy 'this week, owing to
the - holiday ' season. ' Prices are firm, but no
one appears to expect a boom. L There is a
strong undertone and dealers say that If there
is a Jhange it' will be for the better. Terri
tory ' wools hold firm and sales are making at
full prices. Good, lots of fine medium, are sell
ing : on the basis off 42@43c for scoured, with
fine at 45@4Cc and staples at 47@48c.
Portland's Business.
: PORTLAND, Dec. ' 31.— aearings, $532,075;
balances, $75,181. ' .^7
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Dec. 31.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla. -62c: bluestem, '", 63c.
TACOMA; Dec. 31.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; :bluestem, 63c; club, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
Foreign Markets.
I LONDON, Dec. 31.— Consols, 93 15-16d; sil
ver, 25%d; French rentes, 100f@100f 25c; wheat
cargoes on . passage, quiet and. steady; No. 1
standard ¦ California, 30s 6d; Walla Walla, 29s
6d; English country markets, quiet. '
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 31. — Wheat, quiet; No.M
standard California, 6s; wheat in Paris, steady;
flour in Paris, steady; French . country mar
kets, quiet; weather, in "England, : warm; cot
ton, uplands, 4 9-16d. •¦
CHICAGO, \ Dec. 31.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000; steady. Good to prime, ; nominal, $6 75@
7 50; poor to medium. $3 75@5 90; stockers
and feeders, $2@4; cows, $1 25@4 65; heifers.
$1 75@5 25; canners'. $1 25@2 30; bulls,- $1 75
@4 50; calves, $2 50@6 50. - .
HOGS — Receipts:-- To-day, 60.000;' to-mor
row, 35,000; left over. 10.000; 10@20c lower.
Mixed and butchers'. $6@6 60; good to choice
heavy, $6 40@6 75; rough heavy, $6(2? 6 35;
light, $5 35@6 80; bulk of sales, $6@6 45. •
SHEEP — Receipts, 10,000; sheep, steady;
lambs.-' weak to 10c lower. Good to choice
wethers. $4@4 80; fair to r.h olee mixed, $3©
3 90;, Western sheep, $3fl>% 50; native lambs,
$3@5 85; Western lambs, $5.80.
ST. JOSEPH."^ - ; \
' ST.'> JOSEPH, Dec. 31. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1900;' steady. 1 Natives, $3 25<S3 75: cows and
heifers, $l-50(9!3 25; veals, $2 50@5 75; stockers
and feeders,- $2 25@4 25. ' : .
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000; strong: 10(?20c
lower. Light and light mixed, $6 10@« 75;
medium and heavy, $6 40@6 80;, pigs, $4@5 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 500;. market steady. Top
lambs, $5 75; top ewes, $4@4 25.
Eastern, Livestock Market.
GAME— Doves, per .dozen, $1; Hare. $125;
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3@3 50; Canvasback. $304; Sprig.
$175@2; Teal, $1 25@1 60; Widgeon, $125;
Small Ducks, $1; Black Jack,$l; English Snipe,
f£l. Ja £ k Snl P e . $150; Gray Geese. $3@3 50;
no^^Wmlo 50 ' Brant * * 160 ® 2 per dozea:
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15® 17c; Live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$1 75@2; Ducks, $4 5005 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4 50@5 60; young Roosters, $5®
6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, $4@5 for large and $3@3 50 for small:
Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 per dozen for old and $1 75
@2 for Squabs. .
Poultry was firm and sold readily.
Choice Hens, young Roosters and large broil
ers were especially wanted, and the market
was expected to continue In good 'shape. An
other, car of Eastern came tn, making six thus
far this week. • . -¦-. . - a -
Game was firm and sold oft well, though re
ceipts were 102 sacks.
Shippers of dressed Turkeys made a curious
and unusual mistake this year. Instead -of
sending them in for Christmas they held them
back for New Year's, when "." the demand Is
never as good as it is at Christmas. The re
sult was a partial famine and fancy prices
on the former, and an oversupplied and dull
market on the latter holiday. Carrled-over
stock acted as a wet blanket on yesterday's
market, and . both live and dressed Turkeys
were.lc lower. Fine large birds, better than
those that came in for Christmas, were slow
at 16@17c pee lb. ' :¦.¦-'¦ i
Poultry and Game.
NEW -YORK. Dec: 31.— Cotton closed quiet,
2 to 13 points higher..
Nezu : York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31. —The year closed on
the Stock Exchange with. a. demonstration of
confidence in the substantial .basis of values.
The - immediate factors were somewhat ! con
flicting and . the early market was irregular
in consequence, but the buying demand cleared
the market of offerings and .':. carried prices
to a higher level during the course of the day.
. The publication of yearly summaries \ showing
a record of achievements in excess ot any
previous year had a, strong sentimental effect
on trading. • Confidence "was general that
the turn of the year would see a relaxation
Jn the money markets, . allowing means ¦ for
speculation to express'its confidence by pur
chase of stocks. The money market was
again decidedly stringent to-day and very ac
tive, the rate going to 15 per cent early in the
day and hovering about that point at later
periods. The.shifting of loans forced* some
holders of stocks to throw them over, but
other buyers who seemed to be provided with
ample funds which were not affected by the
shifting of call loans were' ready ~ to take "
. them. The activity in the call loan market,
however, was attributed in part to the secur
ing of ¦ means for the large buying of stocks
which was again in evidence and which was
rather better distributed than that of yester
day. Preparations for the heavy annual dis
bursements were the largest factor in the
strength of the money market. The Coalers
continued very active and in the main firm,
although there was a very large amount of
lealizing in Reading. - v It was considered sig
nificant that the brokers who were heavy
buyers of Reading yesterday took large
amounts of Baltimore and Ohio to-day.
A sharp reaction in Sugar was a contributing
cause to early, heaviness of the market, with
the break extending over three points. Grant
ing of a temporary injunction against the pro
posed retirement of Northen 'Pacific preferred
stock caused some depression. among - the Pa-"
cine stocks. An offer; made by ¦. J. P. Mor
gan & Co. during the ¦ day' to pay par for
Northern'Pacific preferred had the effect of
allaying some of the apprehension that the
formation of the Northern Securities Company
would be effectively obstructed. The apepar
ance of the November statement of net re
turns of the Union Pacific, showing a large
increase, was a factor.in relieving depression
in that part of the market. ' The November
statement of Reading's net earnings following
that for Erie, published yesterday, confirmed
the confidence in the .Coalers. The Erie's
somewhat supplanted the Readings in strength
and activity and Lackawanna was lifted' 7%
points. Late in the day New York Central*
selling minus the dividend, rose 2% over last
night. Baltimore and Ohio gained as much.
There was a vigorous recovery in Sugar,
which carried It more than a point over last
night, and Amalgamated Copper also rallied
strongly. Sterling exchange became easie- in
response to the higher money rate here. This
served to soothe the fear\ that gold may go
out early in January. Foreign'money mar
kets also reflected' a confidence'in', a prompt
lelaxation of money rates after January 1. It
is not expected - that there will be a notable
relaxation in money rates in New .York until
well into, the coming month. Profit-taking
made the closing easy and considerably below
the best. . . . >
'
The bond market was .generally active and
Irregular. Total sales,- $2,970,000."
' United States 2s coupon and the old 4s ad
vanced % per cent on the last call. .
NEW YORK STQ.CK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atcblson 16,600 80% 79 80]4
Atchison pfd 8,400 102% 101% 102%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 27,900 107% 105% 106%
Baltimore & O pfd. 100 95 • 95 * 95
Canadian Pacific .. 900 113% 113% 113%
Canada Southern .. 600 86 ¦ - 85% 85%
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1,000 47% 46% 47
Chicago & Alton.. 500 35 34% 34%
Chicago & A pfd. 300 76 ' 76 75%
Chicago Ind & L.. 9,200 52% 60% 52%
Chicago I & L pfd., 1,300 76% 76% • 76%
Chicago & E 111.. 300 136 135% 135%
Chicago & G West. 2,500 .24% 23% 24%
Chi & G W A pfd ..... ..!! .... 83$
Chi & G W B pfd. 200 47% 47 47%
Chicago & N W..: 200 206 205 206
CRI&P .... 2,800 154 153 153%
Chicago Term & T. ..... .... .... 15%
Chicago T & T pfd. ' 100 29»4 29% 29%
C C C & St Louis. 400 .98% 97% 98%
Colorado Southern. 1,500 15 14% 14X«
Colo So 1st pfd... 2,700 "60 59% 69%
Colo So 2d pfd.... 400 28% 28% 28%
Delaware & Hud. 2,400 178 177% 177%
Del Lack & West. 800 258 251 256
Denver & Rio G.. ..... 44%
D & R G pfd.,.. 1,100 96 95% 95%
Erie 79,300 43% 42% ': 43%
Erie 1st pfd ..16,800 75 74 74%
Erie 2d pfd ..18,000 62% 60%^ 61%
Great Nor pfd 800 184% 184 184Vi
Hocking Valley 1,100 70 69% 69Vi
Hocking Val pfd.. 700 83% 83 -83%
Illinois Central • 900 139 138% 139
Iowa Central ..... 200 37% 37% 37
Iowa Centralpfd.. 100 72% 72% 72
Lake Erie & West. 400 70% : 70 70%
Lake E & W pfd. .....* ...* .- 125
Louisville & Nash. 3,700 107% " 106% 106%
Manhattan L ,... 7,600 137% 130% 137%
Metropolitan St Ry. 2,200 161% 160% 161
Mexican Central... 3,000 26% 25% 26%
Mexican National.. 400 14% 14% 14%
Minn & St Louts.. 100 106% 106% 106
Missouri Pacific ..25,200 106% 105% 105%
Missouri K & T.. 400 26 25% 26
M K & T pfd.... 1,000 52% E2 52%'
New Jersey Cen.. 1,000 195 ¦ * 195 -194
New York Cent... 5,000 167% "165% 167%
Norfolk & Western. 2,400 . 57% 67 57%
Nor & West pfd.'. 100 91% 91% 91
Nor Pacific pfd... 100 100% 100% 100
Ontario & -West... 7,000 . 35% 34% 35U
Pennsylvania ..... 17,200 ¦" 150% 14>»%" 150%
Reading 126.100 67% 56%. 56%
Reading 1st pfd...14,500 . 82%, 82 82V-
Reading 2d pfd.... 41,700 64% 63%,'. 64%
St L & San Fran. 2,900 55% 55 55%
S I & S F 1st pfd. ..... .... .... 82%
S L & S F 2d pfd. 700 ' 73% 73% 73%
St Louis S W.... 400 27% 27 27
St Louis SW pfd. 1,500 59% 69 58
St Paul 11,400 165% 163% 165 -
St Paul pfd ,188
Southern Pacific... 12,100—60% 60% 00%
Southern Railway.. 34,500 34% 34% 34U
Southern . Ry pfd.. 9.400 " 94% -' 93% 9.1%
Texas & Pacific... 1,200 39% 39% 33%
Toledo S L & W.. 600 18 17% 17%
T St L & W pfd.. 500 35% 35 ' 35
¦ Union Pacific ..... 41.500 '103% ' 101% '• 103 ¦'
TTnion Pacific pfd.. 1,100 00%' R9%>. 89%
Wabash'... 800 22% 22% ,22%
Wabash pfd .. 1,700 43% 42% '42%
Wheeling &.LE..'. 100 18% 18% 18%
Whl & L E 2d pfd. .... .... '....' 29
•Winconsin Central. 500 20% 20% 20%'
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 42 41 % 41 %
Express Companies —- -
Adams; .......... .... ...". .... 105"
American ...', ,...-207
U S exdiv - 100 96 r'":86 > 9«
Wells Fargo ex div. ........ .... 185
Miscellaneous — . ¦
Amalgam Copper .. 33.700 70% 68 6fl%
Amer Car & F.... 1,900 30% 30% 30%
Amer.C & F pfd.." -500 86% 86% S6%
Amer Linseed Oil.' .... .... ..." ¦ 15 ¦
Amer Lin 011 pfd.. .-'... .... .•.., 4.1
Amer Smelt & R.. ¦ 4,500 4ft% 44% 45%
Amer S & R pfd." BOO 97% 96% 4 96%
Anaconda Min Co.. 700 ,30% 30 '30%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. T 1,900 /' 65% 64% '; 65 ,
Colo Fuel & Iron.. ' - 300 , 88% 88 ' 87%
ConsoHdated Gas . : 1,100 .219% ¦ 219 " . 217%
Con Tobacco pfd.. .... .... -..;. 115 .
Gen Elect tx dlv:. 100 282 282 . 282
Glucose Sugar .,.' .200 39% .19% • .18}a
Internatlon Paper. 400 21 21 21 -
Intern Paper pfd.. 300 76% 76'. I'.'; 75%
Internatlon Power. 100 87% 87% ") 87U
Laclede Gas ..... .. * 90
National Biscuit... 1.200 45% 44% '45%
National Lead ..„ ..u- 16
National Salt ;. . 32
National Salt pfd:. •.... .... .... d'
North American .'. -100 92% 02% J»2 ¦
Pacific Coast*.. 700 '73%' 73% 73%
Pacific Mall ... 200 : 45%' 45 ' 44'A
People's Gas ....... 6.800. 104^ 103% » 104. •
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 . 40!Ji '40% 4OV4
Pressed S Car pfd. '500 85% 85 85%
Pullman i Pal Car. •• 200' 218 - 218 217
Republic Steel :....: 800 15% ,]5% 15%
Republic Steel pfd. 900 ; 68% 68% CS
Sugar ...:...'..... 44,800 117%' 112% :il6%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 800 -'64% 64 04%
Union Bajr & P Co. '.. /.' .... ] 4 /4
U Bag&PCopfd. .::. *.... .. ¦. - 74 ¦
US Leather;...... 100 12 11% 11%;
¦. U-S'Leather •¦pfd.".- 2,800 ¦'81*4 •' 81% ¦' 81%
U S'Rubber.......:.-' '500 '14 . 12% 13%
U S Rubber pfd... . 200 40% ' 49% 40
U:S Steel.......:.. 9,500 43%^ f 42% 43V
US Steel pfd...:.. 6.200 ''93% ' B2% ¦ H3T4
"Western *Union/... 1,500 92% 92 - »•>%
Amer Loco .......'. .800 31% 31 31%
Amer Colo pfd.:... •¦ 3,400 .90% 89% • 00%;
Total sales 742,20£ Shares.
' NEW,YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..". 1108% L& N.unl 4s. 1... .102%
U s ref 2s coup.,109% Mexican Cent 4s.. 83%
US 3s reg.....-..108% Mex Cent 1st inc. 33
US/3b coup...¦.'.108% Minn & St L*4s:.'.10.1'' -
US new 4s reg;. '.139% M K & T 4s.V.:.. 98
US new 4s coup. 139% MK & T 2nds.T.. 82%
U S old 4s reg....111% N Y Central:lsts. 106 --
U S old 4s coupr.112% NY Cent gn 3%s.llO^
TJ S 5s reg. .'.-....107% N J^'ent gen 5s. .134 A
,UiS.5s coup.-...; 107% Nor Pacific 4s.r.-.105%
Atchleon gen:4s.,101% Nor Paclflc i3s;\?A73%! !
Atchlsonsadj 4s.-; 95 Nor &,W con '4s.'.102V,
Bait & Ohio 4s.r.iai% Reading gen 4s: .".100-%
Balt.'& Ohio 3%s: 96% St L&I M con'5s.M17% :
jBalt & O conv 4s.106% St L & S P 4s.*.';r;97% I
Canada So 2nds.M10% St L;& SW.lsts.;;now
Centjof [Oa 5s.-.V.lO6% St-t. & S."W,2nds:| 79% '
Cent of Ga 1st inc 76 S A & A P 4s..., 89V,
Ches & Ohio 4&s.106}£ SoTaclflo 4s.^;:*03% ;
% New York Stock '-Market
EASTERN MARKETS,
Local. Mint coined $81, 000,000 last year.
Deer eased.. imports of specie this year.
Silver higher and Sterling Exchange firm.
Wheat and Wheat freights steady.
Barley, Oats, Corn and R\e unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s continue firm.
Beans steady, with more demand looked for.
Butter, Cheese and' Eggs remain about the same.
Prices for loose seeded Raisins withdrawn.
Dried Fruits continue active and firm.
*~Nuts and Honey in moderate demand and steady.
Wool, Hides and . Hops unchanged.
Provisions lower at Chicago and dull here. V
Meat market firm at previous prices.
Fresh arrivals of Bananas from the islands.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Dressed Turkeys in over supply and slow.
Live Poultry firm and in good demand. Game ditto.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $1S@19 50; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood. $19@20: Lath, 4 feet. $3 90®
4; Pickets, $19; Shingles, $2 for No. X and $1 73
for No. 2; Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic. $25@31.
Cubes. Crushed - and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c:
Dry Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners* A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated, (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domtaos.
half-barrels, 5.30c: boxes, 5.55c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7%c. according
to- quantity.
SALT— H. R. H., (24 75 per ton Jn large
sacks and $25 50 in 50s. Liverpool. $21 75@22
for the best and $17 50S20 for lower grades;
Hlggins*. $30@32 50 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $47@4S per flask for local
use and $44@45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: ,
COAL Oil* — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, . 20c; in
cases. 26%C;
TURPENTINE — 58 %c per gallon In cases
and 52c in drums and Iron barrels.
yellow. $120@165; do. Lemon Cling. H V°j|
175; Bartlett Pears. $1 2S@1 75: Plums. OOcg
$125: Nectarines. $1@1 50: Muscat Grapes. 9uc
@$1 35: Quinces. $1 10©l 55: Strawberries. $1 30
1 75: Blackberries. $1 3C®1 CO. .k-.m
¦ COAL— Wellington. $» per ton ; Southfleld
¦Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, ff 50: Loos
-Say. $5«>; Wallsend. $S 50: Co-operative \V alls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, «12 in bulk ar-d *W2a
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, *lo:
Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16c per lb:
Sisal size, ll%c; Bale Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex.
10%c. Terms. 60 days, or 1 V-i per cent casn
discount. Lota of 10.CCO lbs. lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. _4c;
cases, Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large 4%c;
cases, Eastern Style. 6c; Boneless. 5%c; Nor
way,' 1 * 5%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6c; Silvers
King," 7c; Blocks, "Oriental." 6c: Blocks. ,
"Seabright." 6%c; Tablets. 7c: Middles. «$%@
7%c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless. 7%@8c: Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c; -Pickled Cod, barrels, each. $•;
Pickled Cod, half -barrels, each, $4,
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13%@14c nominal for
strictly prime fancy washed: 11%@12%c nom
inal-for prime washed: 10%@llc nominal for
-good washed; 10%@12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%@10%c for fair. to prime
peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime; 8%@t)%o
for fair: 7@7%c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 12%@13c nominal for strictly priirw
washed; 10V.@12c nominal for good to prime
washed; 9@10c nominal for fair washed; 10%@
ll%c nominal for good to prime washed pea
berry; 9%@10%c nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; 9%©9%c nominal for superior
unwashed; 9c for good green unwashed; OSO^c
for good to superior unwashed. peaberry; 6@7o
for common to ordinary.
. Nicaragua — 12@15c nominal for ¦ prime to
fancy washed; 9%@llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 8%@9%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9@9%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%®15%c for
prim© to fancy washed; ll@ll%o for strictly
good washed: 10%@10%c for good washed: 9«r
@10c for fair washed: 8@0c for medium; 6@
7%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry-. 9%@10c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: 0@99ic nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 29@32c; extra
heavy. 30@40c per lb; medium. 27@29c: light.
24@26c; Rough Leather. 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, '35@39c for No. 1 and 30@33c
for No. . 2; medium, 30@37c; light, 29@33c:
Skirting. No. 1» 40@42c; No. 2. 36@38c; Col
lar Leather, 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather,
40@44c: Kip. unfinished, 40@50c per lb; Veal,
finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits.
14@16c; Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $26®28 per ton; Stick,
$16@1S per cord.
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, Jn barrels, boiled.
67c: raw, 65c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 58c for
boiled and 56c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c:
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gallon:
Fish Oil. barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and" 53%c for
Australian.
NEW, YORK, '>Dec 31.--Holiday conditions
prevail in ? all I metal;' markets, ;¦ and. price
changes are few and far between. Tin at New
York was "dull and ; unchanged at $23®24. -At
London values were 5s, higher, but «iuiet,.wlth
spot quoted at £ 10C 5s and futures at £104 5s.
Copper. !n "London was quiet and unchanged
for spot L at £49. : but was 2s 6d lower on " fu
tures at £40 10s. ¦ Here the market was . dull
and nominally quoted at $13 for lake and
$12 50 - for casting. .. ; »• :¦' -• -
. Lead and spelter were : ' J featureless and un
changed, closing at $4@4 35. London closed at
£10 3s 9d and, £16 15s respectively, unchanged.
Iron was also dull: and without change. Pig
iron warrants closed, at $10 50@ll 50: No. 1
Northern . foundry. $15 50<gil6; No. 2 foundry.
Southern " $14 50®15 50: No. 1 foundry. South
ern; $15 50@16;'No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft,
$15017. • : - ¦'¦¦¦"'.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 49s Id. ,
¦New York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, 5@Sc; String Beans from Los Angele3,
6@10c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl: Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1@1 50 per box and $1 25@1 75 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9@12%c per.lb; Los An
geles do, 15@17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@15c per
lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@
50c; hothouse-do, 75c per dozen; Garlic, 1%@
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers,- 5c; Egg
Plant, from Los Angeles, I5@20c: Summer
Squash, from Los , Angeles, : Marrowfat
Sauash, $5@8 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $5@S;
Mushrooms, nominal.
POTATOES— 80c@$l 10 for Burbanks from,
the river;: Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 65; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 20@l 60; River Reds, $150®
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 10@l 25; Sweets,
75c@?l for Merced. ..'-- - ~;
: ONIONS — SI 65@1 85 per ctl; Oregons. $1 50
@1 90. .
Everything under this head remains about as
previously quoted. Potatoes and Onions are In
moderate supply and steady. Los Angeles Veg
etables ,' are easy, supplies ¦ being . sufficient for
all current needs. Thus "far they have shown
little effects of the recent cold snap down
there. \»,v \ ,
Potatoes', Onions and Vegetables.
telegraphic communications to : Bradstreet's
show :. the ¦ following 1 changes in available sup
plies from last accounts: , ¦ . -
.-•-¦ WHEAT — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies,"^ decreased 113,000 bushels ; afloat
f or • and i n : Europe, ; decreased 700, 000 . bushels ;
total supply, decreased 815,000 bushels. . • ¦;
CORN — United States « and Canada, east' of
the Rockies.- Increased 289,000 bushels.' : •¦-
.' OATS — United States and Canada, eaet of the
Rockies, decreased 914,000 '. bushels.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chic & Alton 3%s 86 So Railway, 6s. . . .12414
C:B & Q new 4s. 99 - Texas & Pac lsts.119%.
C M&8t P gen 43.112 T;StL & W-4s. .82 -'
C & N.W con, 7b.. 140 % Union Pacific 4s. .107%
C R I & P ( 4s:.... 107V. Union Pac conv 4slO6%
CCC&St L gen 4s. 104 " Wabash lsts...V.118%;
Chicago : Ter 4s ... 89 Wabash 2nds . . . . . 115 -
Colorada So '4s/: ".'-00% Wabashdeb B. . .• t>6*4'
D &:R G 4so:. ..103 West Shore 4s. ...114
Erie priorlien 4s. 101% W &.L. E 4s..V. .". 9~1%
Erie gen:4s:.;... 91W Wis Central 4s... 90%
F W & D C lsts:.106 Con Tob 4s.. .-..;. 65%
Hocking .Vat 4^8.109% .
. -NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con i..." 20 Little Chief.. x .. 12 '
Alice it .•".-;•; 45 Ontario ....... .8 50
Breece ;;........ -.75 Ophir ...;..:. .. 64
Brunswiclc Con.. 15* Phoenix ......... 05 :
Comstock Tunnel 05% Potosi .'. . . . . ....' 05
Con Cal & Va...l 60 Savage ..:'...... 04 .
Dead wood Terra. 50 '. Sierra Nevada. .. 17
Horn Silver..;.. 195 Small- Hopes.... 40
Iron Silver.... :. 60 Standard .3 60
Leadvllle ; Con. . . 05 . ¦ "
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money-:- ¦ US Steel pfd;..^ 03%
Call loans... ..4^J(ffi5^ Mining-
Time loans .... 5 @6 Adventure ....... 19 - ; <
Bpnds — ' ¦¦ .. : AUouez ........... 3
Atchison 4g......io2 Amalgamated ... 69%
Gas lsts. ..'..... ..80 Baltic .:......... 36
Mexican Cent 4s. : 81% Bingham ....... . 23%,
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Calumet & Hecla.575
Railroads — , Centennial ...... 12%
Atchison .. .V.;\.'. 80*4 Copper. Range.... 53%'
Atchison pfd .... 102% Dominion Coal... 52}£ ;
Boston & Albany.261 Franklin ........ 13 ¦
Boston •&¦. Maine. 191 Isle Royale. 21
N Y N H & H..211% Mohawk ......... 30 ¦.
Fitchburg pfd... .145% Old Dominion -24 •
Union Pacific..". .103^4 Osceola ¦....:.... 82
Mexican Central. 26 Parrot '.......... 28%
Miscellaneous — Qulncy '....'.... ..135
American Sugar.. 116% Santa Fe Copper. 3 '
Am , Tel & Tel... 161% Tamarack .......265
Dom Iron & Steel. 27 . Trimountain 33
General. Electric. 281 Trinity ....-14%
Mass Electric... 34 Utah; ............ 22%
Mass Electric pfd. 92% Victoria ......'... 5
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Winona 1%
United Fruit 90 .Wolverine 51
U S Steel. . ....... 43: Jv . .- .
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Anaconda. .6%; Atchl
son, 81%: do preferred, 104%; Canadian . Paci
fic. 116%; D. & R. G., 45%; do preferred. 95%;
Northern Pacific, 102%; Southern Pacific, 61%;
Union Pacific, 104% ; do preferred. 92. Bar
sliver, steady, 25 %d per ounce. Money, 4%'
per cent. ,. .>'.¦¦ . .:_--r
CLOSING.
¦. r American : stocks held around . parity' till - the
afternoon, when they weakened 'on New* York's
early, selling orders. Your , limits • were . too
high. ' little business resulting. The markets
are very . narrow; . 1 1 The professional element is
looking favorably on Baltimore & Ohio . and
there .was . a very strong rush of buyers near
the : close. . The Reading issues spurted to the
record price of. 29 % on talk of favorable . ar
rangements with the Pennsylvania - Railway.
Rio Tintos touched 40%.
NEW. TORK. Dec. 31.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's . London financial ; . cablegram says :
Business on the Stock Exchange was restricted
to-day by the New Year. celebrations. . V
London Market.
$3 50@3 60; Limas, $4 25@4 50; Ked Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75 Der ctl. •
- SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 40@2 60; Canary,
3%@3%c..for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah.
8%c; Rape, 1^4@l%c; Hemp,'3%c per lb.
DRIED /PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 Der ctl. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANXJARY 1, 1902^
dayupossibly light rain by night; light easter
ly winds, changing to fresh southeast •,
ALEXANDER G. McADIE, '.
. ' Forecast .Official.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
STOCK MARKET.
! CHICAGO, Dec. 31.— On the whole, though
fairly active, wheat, was only a scalping: affair,
operating under local conditions. There , was
only a small amount of outside business, , due
largely to a . general timidity against carrying
anything . over the holiday to-morrow. TThe
bearish feature was the disappointing: tone of
the cables. *'. Liverpool was up, but not enough
to reflect the strength v here yesterday, : and
traders took it for a sign to unload what they
acquired yesterday. Some local bulls took ad
vantage of the nervousness « of sellers and
bought In. at the lower opening figures. This
brought -a quick reaction and an advance,
which,' however, was quickly lost on more sell
ing ' at the advance. May opened. %c to %c
lower at -82c to 81%c, - sold up : to 82^c and
back again to 81%@81%c. The last hour of
trade was dull and even the close for May was
steady and unchanged at 82%c.'-;> - . >¦
Corn followed closely, after wheat. The fea-'
ture of . the * session was the selling by houses
that bought yesterday. May closed steady, %c
down, at 66%c..-- '• " /.-.- : .
¦ Oats were sympathetic with the other cereals
early, but later sellers became uneasy and
wanted back the stuff they had put out. May
closed %c up,. at 45%c. - ' .'.,'.
Provisions were rather active, though weaker
on very ¦ heavy, hog receipts ¦ and correspond
ingly lower • prices at the yards. . May ¦. pork
closed, 17%c down, lard 17%cfc lower, and ribs
10c down. *' - . • ¦
The leading futures ranped as follows:'
8
AUCTION; SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION, fe
At Arcade Horse Market, 327 SUthst.THUK^
DAY, Jon. 2. at 11 a. m.. I will sell -to.neaa
of" all purpose horses: also wagons. t buggjea.
harness, etc. JOHN J. . DOYLE. Livestock
Auctioneer. "enile entertainment could do for the child
ren was quickly made apparent/ The
clatter and prattle of the young \ ones
filled the Tivoli auditorium. The boys re
ceived presents that were In keeping
with their sex, likewise 'the girls. They
were all happy, joyous and contented.
Before the children of . the theatrical
employes had their Christmas festival the
singers and comedians of the company
came in fora package or two. It -was
understood that the members of the
company were to make use of the.occa
sion to show their love for. and appre
ciation of one another by fastening their
mutual gifts to the tree. There was on©
proviso attached, however, that no
Christmas tree appendage should exceed
fifteen cents in value. Conductor Paul
Stelndcrff : received a fat sausage spec
ially importedfrom Vienna, and the ap
praisers fixed the value at twenty-six
cents. Ferris Hartman, the donor, j was
fined the excess over the limit allowed.
Hartman got - six email frankfurters
Sentenced to Four Years.
William - Kernan was sentenced •' to '. four
years In '.' San ¦ Quentin by .'. Judge ? Lawlor,
yesterday., on i two charges 'of : burglary,
being two years on<each" charge. * He
pleaded • guilty to , twice . stealing rolls ; of
carpet from the basement of 1429 .Webster
street; ' He • is : an • ex-soldier and • was hon
orably discharged. • w£&$0$
Al Decker, " Asrer ; : • , »
T i C-Kahler,- Toledo, O
H ¦ F Rowe. i Toledo." O I i
Hat tie ; Ridlnger.'« Cal ¦
Henry Baker, ; Or ' : .-
A I Henderson. ¦ Mani tba
EFoule, Little Shasta
WF Short, 1 Cal .-';
C /A 5 Short, Cal '*-
Mrs •' J A '. Fennell, Or , *
,\V..- F. ; Jones, > Montague
J ; E- Boyer,' Ltl Sftasta
J,J.'KucIc, Montague :¦
Jan Smith,. Montague
John; Otto, Siskiyou ¦
John O" Heine. Siskiyou
Thost; Kennedy, Cal -
S Sherman, > Talent," Or
Fred Goddard, Talent
J- J-Maher,*Iowa" . ;'¦ •'
F "W WUlard, Iowa". '
NEW, WESTERN: HOTELS
HOTEL c t ARRIVALS.
- ¦ Floor — Sergeant James - Smith, k P. -.-. Donohoe,"
O. "B. ¦O"Rlelly,' ; M. f - Brady. • Joseph J.; Foley,
T. [ McNaboe, .< Roger McCarthy. $&&$&
. '• Reception— Lieutenant J.. . Kllemede . (chair
man), Captain' William Murphy.-; Lieutenant M:
Cas*y, i Sergeant • M." J. V Gaul, '• Corporal ' J; ; F.
McArdle,'. Bernard iTimmlns,-; Peter Burke, P."
Boland,' M.', r O'Neill,',- Jerry : Sheehy, ;;:¦ Philip
firady, ; P." J. < Kenny. •
¦ ¦ Arrangements— T.; ; : 3'.- Mellott^. (chairman),
George J. 'Lowe,' Corporal MV" J.' Hesslon, 1 - J. J.'
Sullivan, , Crowe, H.' P.' Fllgate, ' , James A.
Foley.' ¦ - " : ¦"• ¦.¦ , ¦ . , - .,:•:' ¦¦' ¦'¦¦' ¦,-/
'The; tenth * annual; military • ball- of the
Knights f of , the Red ! Branch ' Rifles, ' which
was held last night hi Oddfellows' Hall,*
proved a most delightful affair. The > in
terior of ' the ; hall • was t tastily ,';• decorated
with a profusion", of ;• streamers and liags.
The committees ; who i assisted In making
the 'affair, a success .were: as -follows:. /
Bed Branch '> Ball : Enjoyed.
The trial of Ignatius Beck, a .druggist
at Ellis and Buchanan . streets, on the
charge of tapping the main conduit wire
of .the Independent Electric Light and
Power Company with the object -of
verting the current • for the \ purpose of
defrauding the company, by connections
without their knowledge or consent, was
commenced before a jury in Judge Fritz'
court yesterday afternoon. . • Colonel. E. 'F.
Preston and Assistant District Attorney
Whiting represented the prosecution and
the defendant was represented by Attor
ney Samuels. aM^MBA^B(jAlSHS8|
All the afternoon was taken up in pro
curing the Jury. Two were- peremptorily
challenged by the prosecution and two. by
the defense. The following compose the
Jury: C. Samuels, G. H. "Robinson, JV
Manning, L.J. Foster, E. J. Mitchell, ,T.
Brilliant. N. C. Hulse, A. Klau,-M. Block.
E.'J. Parsons and W. J. Sherwood. Some
of : the Jurors wanted to • proceed -but ; tha
majority voted for ; a postponement ; and
the case was continued: till ¦ to-morrow
afternoon. . '
ACCXTSED OF TAPPrNTGr
THE ELECTRIC WIRES
Previously reported, $29,2fll 4C; • received to
day—M. Bchussler & Co.. 1 $25; Main & Win
chester. $25; Louie Shock. $5; through. P. H.
McCarthy, president of Building Trades Coun
cil — Carpenters' Union. $100; Carpet Mechan
ics, $10; Journeymen Stone Cutters* . Associa
tion. $20; Cement Workers of California, $10;
Felt and Composition Roofers, $10; House
Mover*' Union, $10; Electrical Workers' No.
fl, $25; Derrickmen's E. and 8. I. W., $10;
Golden Gate Lodge Plasterers, $10; Wood, Wire
and Metal Lathers, $10; Thomas C. Hunter, $1;
J. Martenstetn & Co.. $20; Hartford Fire. In
surance Company, $50; 'Hon. John Connor, *5;
Whitney Palache. $5; employes Hartford Fire
Insurance Company, $11; Granite Cutters' Na
tional Union, $34 75; California True Blue
Loyal Orange Lodge No. 8, $15; Martha Wash
ington Council No. 2, Daughters of Liberty, $5;
Beraflno S, Arata, 50 cents; Mrs. Maria Arata,
CO cents; Lloyd Arata. 50 cents; Frans Arata,
DOc; J. J. Wadhouse.' $1; C. Desmond 50 cents;
Dr. E. D. Keeffe, $1 ; W.' C. Watson, " $1 ; \V.
E. Gedjce. $1; J. Bardellinl. 50 cents; J. C.
Bruce, 50 cents; W. M." Wright, 60 cents; J:
Rigby. 50 cenU; H. N. Wright, M) cents; Mrs.
H. Noble, 25 cents: Mr. Norln, 25 cents;- W. J;
Priet, '50 cents; Mary, Carlln. 50 cents; Louis
Llndstrom. 60 cents; A.' W. Baker, 50 cents;
cash. 50 cents; Dr. Milton McMurray. 50 cents;
cash. 50 cents; Pacific Methodist Advocate, 23
cents; Dr. Alberte, 50 cents; P. A. Bliss,. 25
cents: A. W Brown, $1: George J. Drucker, $1;
John G. Cook. $1; a friend. $1; Mrs. F. Oold-
Htein.'$2 GO; J.* H. Dawaon.$2 50; 6. C. Bige
low. $10. Total to date, $29,741 21.
The McKinley memorial fund . subscrip
tion will remain open until January 3.
The fund has nearly reached the sum of
$30,000. The committee respectfully re
quests all who have not subscribed and
tlesire to do so to . send their donations
at once to. the Mayor* s office. City Hall.
Following Is a statement of the fund:
McKinley Memorial Fund.
Y; No one in the ; crowd seemed to be able
to give the slightest • assistance to". the po
lice in solving the mystery. : When Barry
arrived : at the hospital he .was too ex
hausted to .' make any explanation of * the
affair. .The , police ; found no ; knife , on his
person,; nor ! was' any weapon;wlth which
the deed v might •* have '. been •¦ committed
found near: where Barry was lying on the
sidewalk.; . Although '<¦¦ the, coalpasser's
wound ; Is ; very » dangerous the - physicians
at the ': hospital believe that he will , re
cover.' '• ,.".".-. '.:> .¦ .:/." jr .';.- v : ; : " ••¦'¦'•:.--. ¦ - ¦
Edward Barry, a coalpasser on the
transport -Sheridan, was; brought to the
Central Emergency ' Hospital ! last night
with his throat badly. cut. 1 How. he came
by his . ugly wound is a' complete", mystery
to the police. .He was found by Officer
Herlihy^ lying ¦„ on > the sidewalk at the
northeast corner , of Third .- and . Mission
streets -shortly after 'midnight. / At the
time '¦¦ there : was an ;• immense • crowd \ col
lectedaround. the prostrate man, who was
bleeding freely/, > .* .:- :" ':¦:•¦•• . • -. ¦ ; ..
Found With ; Throat; Cut ' Lying
on the Sidewalk.
Ed Barry of the Transport Sheridan
COAL-PASSER ; RECEIVES
A MYSTERIOUS WOUND
Despite the! many ctiunter attractions
the grand ball which was given at Gari
baldi Hall last night ; by the Garibaldi
Guard and Mutual Aid • Society was well
attended. The • committees :ih? charge
had -worked diligently : to provide enter
tainment, for all who attended and their
efforts: were crowned with success. The
committees were as follows:
Executive— F. 'Zeiro. S. Cereghino, L. Guin
asso. N. ' Kopplano, O. f . Brtola. L. Rossi,
A. Deluchl. L. Fiffone, 'A. Soacci,-A. Carbone
and G. Pitto. ' : , "
' Floor , managers — G. Ertola and * Dr. G. •' K.
Cagllerl; assistants — L. •¦ Gulnasso, : Fillppo
Demartlnl, N. : Foppiano, Angelo Garbarino,
Ernllio : Lastreto, Agostlno Figdne, ' G. Ertola,
P. Perata, G. ¦ Perata, B. Perata," L. Bruzzone
and L. Figtme.' • rwijniwillfi'wn i * ; •
Refreshments — S. Cereghino. Antonio Flgrone, "
G.. B. Sturla, G. - Figone. Glov. . Klgone, B.
Giambruno. 1 G. Gaspari, D. Demattel, L. Dam-'
ozonlo and»V.' Vaccaro. . .
: Wardrobe-^-A; ' : Carbone,'', G. ,' Sbarbaro, ; G.
Cereghino and G.^FIgone. ...
Garibaldi . Ball a Success.
PARIS, Jan. 1.— The Herald's European
edition publishes the following: The pur
chase of Raphael's famous Madonna .of
St. Anthony of . Padua by J.., Pierpont
Morgan from' M." Sedelriieyer is -offlctallv
confirmed. The price was $600,000. The
picture will be lent for the winter exhibi
tion of the Royal Academy, with the
great portraits by Rubens, Tetln and
Van Dyke, previously purchased.
Special Cable to The Call arid New York Her
. aid. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald "Pub
llshinif Company.
J. Pierpont Morgan Pur
chases a Masterpiece
by Raphael.
At the offices of the firm it was learned
yesterday that W. Loaiza, the principal
member of the firm, was in Mexico, and
that the other partners were without any
Information In the matter.
Mexican Consul General Coney said yes
terday that his Government imposed an
export tax of 10 per cent on all gold and
silver bullion sent out of the country. At
the office of Collector of the Port Strat
ton the information was given that the
United States Government had not seized
the gold because the owner had smuggled
it out of Mexico, but because .he had
failed to pay the war tax of $5 on a free
entry, as required by law.
It Is thought that the treasury officials
will order the gold released on payment
of a nominal fine, similar action having
been taken six months ago when a con
signment of gold to Loaiza & Co. was
seized on the Mexican border under the
same circumstances.
Information was received in the city
yesterday that the consignment of smug
gled gold bullion confiscated at Tucson,
Ariz., on Monday by treasury agents was
destined for the firm of W. Loaiza & Co.,
216 Sansome street.
CONFISCATED GOLD
HAY BE RELEASED
HALF A MILLION
FOR A PAINTING
The heads of the different departments
at the Emporium save a banquet to Hen
ry Dernham Monday night in ¦ the big
banquet hall at , the Pfeodle • Dog restau
rant. Covers were laid' for forty and be
sides_ the 'guest; of -the evening Andrew
M. Davis . and William Kaufman were
specially invited to - be present. The
toastmaster < was Henry M. Davis *and
the speakers besides the guest were
Messrs. Kaufman, . "Walsh, ; LJpmann
Landsberger, Dundas. • Mullaney, Hink
and others, all of whom spoke in terms
of the warmest praise of the guest. ¦
Among -.those. present besides the Invit
ed guests were: A. H. Martin Fred
Hink, Dormer ,, Walsh, W. E: Joslyn Fred
£i ar £ e ' ' J ir Le wis, Guggenheim, -D.
Sheehan, H. . W. Freldlander, L^. Lip
mann,;George G." Foster, A. W. Vivian
Frank Judd.J.C. Levy, J. E. Field P
Landsberger, ¦ H. J. Mayers, J. Miller "W*
A. Dundas; - T. Mullaney, S. Lewis/ F
Owles, H.\ E. Lewin, M. Bloch,-, James
Flanagan, J. Wichelhausen, Dan Magee
J. T. Callahan, J. P. Averill, D. Grad
wohl, G. Genaler, W. F. Crane, George
Crawford, Leon Rubens, M. Finberg.
Department Managers Entertain Pop
ular Treasurer of the Big Con
cern at Festal Board.
• Reception— Alexander Strange -(chairman),
David Donald W. McArthur, A. E. Carlisle.
David Logan, Alexander Nicholson, R. F..W11
son, George Fullerton, J. H. McGregor, John
Ross W. A. Dawson, J. C. Moore, P. D. Find-
Jay. Hugh Fraser, William Shepherd:
Games — George Miller (chairman), George W.
Paterson (secretary). Robert H. Murray, Don.
aid McLeod. John Swan. David Youn*. Alex
ander Strange. Thomas Christie, P. D. Kindlay,
John Roes. v -' *
Floor— John C. Moore (manager), C. C. Mc-
Gregor, Alexander Gordon, David Pollock,
William Murray, John Donald and J. W.
Davidson. ¦ . . '.'
Scotland was to the fore last night and
in great force assembled at Native Sons'
Hall to celebrate both the twentieth an
nlversary of the San Francisco Scottish
Thistle Club and the incoming of tho
new year. For the first time in the his
tory of the club invitations were issued
to non-members, and consequently there
was a large gathering.
Many of the officers and friends of tho
c3ub wore Scottish costumes and the
bagpipes droned their mightiest and most
Inspiring airs.
At 8" o'clock the dance commenced with
a grand march, headed by George Miller.
lli8 Royal Chief of the Thistle Club, and
at 11 o clock the pipers led the company
to the banqueting hall.
.The following committees had charge of
the arrangements:
Mark the Advent of the
New Year.
Scottish Hospitality and Merriment
EMPLOYES OF EMPORIUM -
BANQUET HENRY DERNHAM
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. Sl.-Pqst
master commissioned: Oregon— Arthur
L. Duncan, "VVedderburn. Postmaster ap
pointed: California— Ernest B. Long-,
Rohrervllle. Humboldt Countv, vice
Philip R. Clover, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Calffor-
Ma— Original— Hannibal E. Hackett. Bel
mont. $6. Increased— John A. Owen.
1'asadena, $17.
Oregon— Original— Samuel C. Hoadley,
Goble. $6. i
Washlngf on-Orlginal-Gaylord Penny,
kamilche.- $8.
These patents were issued to-day
California— Frank W. Alston. San Fran
ciBCOf lime regulated ringing key for
telephone line?: William C. Anderson and
J. L. Swink, San Jose, asi-Jgnors to~An
derson Prune Dipper Company, Santa
Clara, apparatus .for preparing prunes*
Henry C. Bagby. Santa Maria, hot air
aental appliance: Andrew B. Burt, Ited
lunds. *plit expansion bit for drilling- oil
veils; Adam 1C. Chodzko, San Francisco,
continuous compression of fluids- Fred
erick H. Eilers. San Francisco, terref
William F. Heathman. Santa Ana ap
paratus for extracting gold and concen
trating »oref! and metals; Francis T Lei
iich. San Francisco. hop mechanism
tame, button holding clamp for sewing
machine*; Albert F. Maulhard, Montalvo
combination subsoil, gang and sulkv
plow; J2mes H. Northrop, Tustin, as
signor to Draper Company, Hopedale
JLasf.. self threading loom shuttle; Pat
rick H. Reardon. San Francisco, pres
sure regulator; George Rubsch Jr., as
signor one-half to P. K. Wood, Los An
peies. agitating machine for cyanidlng:
Daniel Behuyier, assignor to Perfect
Sliding Door Company, Los Angeles, con
structing pockets- In wall structures ' for
rlldir.g <1oors or windows; Joseph K
Twist, San Francisco, apparatus for
VorminB seamless tooth crowns; George
P. Wei more, San Francisco, vessel un
loaciing apparatus.
Oregon— Charles F. Grubbs. Portland
*ad irori.
Washington— Charles H. Straus and F.
Jonnsori, Seattle, extension ladder.
Pensions Granted and Patents
Issued.
Several Changes in the Postal Service,
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The San Francisco Turn Verein held its
semi-annual meeting Monday evening. De
cember 30, at Its hall,' S23 Turk street.
President John Simmen submitted an ex
haustive report upon the standing of the
society and Its achievements during the
last term,, showing the society to be in a
very prosperous condition. The sum of
$3500 was expended on improvements in
the gymnasium and the electric light in
stalled throughout the building; neverthe
less a balance of nearly $1000 remains In
the treasury. Instructor Hans Goetz re
ports a steady increase in all * classes,
more than 500 members and pupils being
In regular attendance In the gymnasium,
as follows: Actives 42, juniors 37. fencers
20. ladies 36, seniors 49,. boys 235, girls 91.
The following- officers were elected for
the ensuing term: John Simmen. presi
dent (ninth term); Charles Wolters. vice
president; Richard Kuehn, recording sec
retary; Clemens Kayser, corresponding
secretary: Adolph Bergmann, financial
secretary; F. Jacob!, treasurer; Julius
Baumsarten, captain: Carl Trost, lieuten
ant: George Gehrkens, librarian; F. Fort
mann, assistant librarian; William Plage
mann, trustee; Hugo Reich, sergeant-at
arms.
Lights and Big Membership.
President Simmen. Reports Improved
Gymnasium, Installation of Electric
THISTLE CLUB MEETS .
, AT BALL AND BANQUET
maritan and the occasion was a
Christmas tree for the amusement of the
children of the theatrical folk of San
Francisco. Ferris Hartman, decked with
snowy white whiskers and Arctic fur.
played Santa Claus,.- to 200 children for
two hours, and made glad the hearts of
many with his distribution of gifts.
Set in the center of the Tivoli stage
was a huge Christmas tree studded with
miniature incandescent lights of varie
gated colors, and . all the knick-knackers
that ordinarily go with such arboreal
decorations. Mrs. Kreling, ably assisted
by "Doc" Leahy. Jim Leahy, Harry
Cashman, Jack Wilson and Santa Claus
Hartman, saw to it that the children
should have the best of times. What
toys and ice cream, candy, cakes and juv-
eHRISTMAS packages of every de
scription were distributed at tho
Tivoli yesterday. Mrs. Ernes
tine Kreling was the Good Sa-
TUEN VEBZIN ENJOYS
GROWING PROSPERITY
¦ ' ¦ - : -^ * ." vVi ••¦¦ ••¦ -.'->¦-- *.-¦¦ -•.¦ •;:,•;'.• •¦ — : ¦
TIVOLI STARS AND SECOND LIGHTS IN A.CHRISTMAS TREE FESTIVAL GIVEN BY MRS. ERNESTINE
KRELING, PROPRIETRESS OF THE OPERA-HOUSE, TO THE CHILDREN OF THE EMPLOYES OF THE
. THEATRICAL HOUSES OF SAN FRANCISCO. .
whose value was determined to be three
cents. Cunningham came . away with
every known kind of cough lozenge an.l
fluid — a concealed compliment to his
voice. "Doc" Leahy was remembered
with a book whose title was engraved
with yellow. It read "Mild-Mannered
Doc, or- The Man' With Whispers for
Curses." t • i.
After the full-grown actors . had their
fun Santa Claus made his appearance.
The ; stage -. was set with hills In the
background and a big broad fireplace on
the left. Ferris, who was covered with
tinkling bells, made his entrance through
the chimney, to the great delight of tho
children. .After that came the distribu
tion of presents, the cakes, the sand
wiches, the cream and other good Infan
tile digestlbles. Au impromptu enter
tainment, in which' the Pollard children
took an active part, and the distribution
or presents concluded Mrs. ' Krellntr's
Christmas offering to the .children of San
Francisco's theatrical folk.
The plans submitted by the Board of
¦Works for the new nurses' quarters at
the City and County Hospital were ap
proved. Clerk Gregory -Waish was grant
ed a leave of absence. for sixty days..
The offer of Dr. W. L. Williamson to
serve as veterinarian without pay was
accepted. • " '....-
The resignation of Assistant Food In
spector Tracey was accepted and O. S.
Mlsh was appointed to the vacancy. Al
fred P. Adams resigned as nurse in .the
Pesthouse- and Richard Sherlock was
appointed to succeed him.
John A. Brown was appointed a tem
porary dairy Inspector and Dr. H. L. Cur
tis was made assistant sanitary inspec
tor. ¦ .:-¦
The Board of Health met yesterday anji
removed Assistant Emergency Surgeons
Von der Lleth, Morrison and JIalaby
from their positions on the recommenda
tion of Chief Surgeon Bunnell. This ac
tion Is In accordance with a resolution
ordering the removal of three surgeons
Instead of the full staff at the end of
each year. Dr. George Boskowitz, W. P.
Harney and J. V. Leonard were ap
pointed to* fill the vacancies. They -will
be assigned to the Park Hospital when it
is ready for operation. Drs. Millar Ste
vens andWeyer were put on duty at the
Central Hospital. .
A motion was made to drop Matron
Buscenius and Steward Kahn from the
hospital staff, but there being a divis
ion, the matter was referred to a com
mittee of the whole for action.
movals and a Like Number
of Appointments.
Board of Health Makes Three Ba-
CHANGES IN STAFF OF
EMERGENCY HOSPITALS
The Government scheme for the settle
ment of land in the Orange River colony
is already in operation. Nearly 100 men,
mostly time-expired Yeomen, have settled
there with the assistance of the Govern
ment, consisting of loans of farming Im
plements. V*?^ ''
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Lord Kitchener, un
der date of Johannesburg, December 30,
tends a weekly budget showing that since
December 23 live Boers have been killed,
live wounded, twenty-five taken prisoners
and fifty-one surrendered. These, says
the commander-in-chief . do not include
Dewefs losses in his attacks on Dargell
and Firman, when, it is reliably esti
mated, fifty were killed and fifty
wounded.
Dewet is still in the vicinity of Lang
berg. Colonel Spencer and Colonel Plum
er came in contact. December 28, with
Brltz's commando and took twenty-seven
prisoners. General Bruce Hamilton came
in touch with Grobelar's commando near
Marydale. December 23. He killed four
Boers and captured twenty-seven.
Newspaper correspondents in Pretoria
continue to send warnings of the need of
more reinforcements. Lord Kitchener is
turning the artillerymen, who have been
become disengaged by reason of the re
turn home of the heavy guns, into three
corps of mounted infantry, each . 150
strong.
Independent accounts of the Boer at
tack on Colonel Firman's camp on De
cember 24 add little to the official story
of the occurrence, except that General De
wet's 1500 men, as at Majuba, removed
their boots, climbed the precipice without
noise and completely surprised the sleep
ins Jiritish camp. The terrible struggle
lasted barely half an hour. Three more
British officers have died from wounds re
ceived in this engagement, making nine
officers killed.
Bruce Hamilton Has Engage
ment With Patriots Near
Mary dale.
Says Motions of the Heart
Are Due to Electrical
Energy.
It was paid to-night that while Dr.
Loeb s experiments in prolonging life
v.ere important and interesting: thus far
tney were applicable only in the case of
a fetnple animal cell, and therefore of
narrow limitation.
Another paper which attracted special
attention was that read before the
meeting of the Bacteriological So
ciety by Professor F. O. Novy
of the University of Michigan, who
made public for the first time the
result of his struggle to find a per
fect germicide. His results as reported
were beyond expectation, for he has, it
is asserted, discovered an organic per
ox.de which Is absolutelv destructive of
organic life, and which can be taken into
tiie system of human beings with perfect
A number of experiments were de
scribed by Professor Novy to demon
strate the power of his germicide, which
he cails "benzol." Germs to the multi
tude of one billion in saliva were lmme
diaxely killed. The throat of a diphthe
retic dog was sprayed with it and the
<log was cured more speedily than by
the anti-toxin treatment. The drug Is in
the form of volatile crystals, which are
soluble In -water.
Discovers .an Organic Peroryde.
Ey these facts chemical stimulation Is
jho*T. to be identical with electrical. When
ever in any. put of a nerve the negative par
ticles are iu excess the nerve is stimulated.
All positive!;- charged ions reduce irritability In
thi nerves; negative increase it.
Nerves consisting of a eollodial solution are
cumulated by the passage of the eollodial par
ticles from the condition of solution to that of
gelatine, which change is produced by the
action of electrically charged atoms which bear
negative charges. The stimulating action of
any chemical compound depends on these nega
tive charges; the particle* of the nerve are
held :n solution by positively charged groups
of atoms such as sodium, potassium, etc., and
the eSectivtawf of these ions in preventing
stimulation varies with the number of positive
ih*ife£ they bear.
He first set to work to Investigate along
the lines of parthenogenesis, or artificial
reproduction, and discovered that the
electric "ion" was responsible. Then he
took up the study of the cause for the
rhythmic beat, of the heart, and again
traced the agent to the same source.
When, with the aid of Professor Math
ews. the same causes were discovered to
be behind the secret of nerve action, the
Feries was complete and the savant's am
bition attained.
Professor Mathews said:
-A ""Ion," he explained, is an atom or
group of atoms carrying a charge of elec
tricity.
The announcement that electricity and
not heat is the life energy is the climax
of Professor Loeb s experiments, which
have extended over ten years. He wes
first led into this line of research by the
observation that electricity was able tc
affect protoplasm in a more universal
manner than any other stimulus. He then
came to the conclusion that if electricity
was able to have such effects in the form
of currents it ought to have like results
when in the form of '"ions."
Climax of Sis experiments.
First, that th? muscles contracted rhythmi
cally in solutions which had these electrical
charge in them, and second, that the contrac
tion of the muscles depended on the number
of charges on the different ions.
Dr. Loeb described his experiments wit!,
a Jel'.ytish, and explained that when he
placca the fish into a solution electrically
charged, such as salt, it responded, while
when he subjected It to a solution that
was a non-conductor it did not respond.
1-rom further experiments he found:
The energy of foofl^tuffs and the motions of
the heart are not, after c!l, due to the produc
tion of heat, but to the chemical energy In
electrically charged molecules. A part of the
chemical energy of foodstuffs is transformed
into electrical energy, which in turn gives
energy to the muscles and organs of the bodj.
CHICAGO. Dec. SL— Professor Jacques
i Locb of the University of Chicago to-day
I in a paper read before a section of the
1 American Society of Natuialists' conven
1 tion made the announcement that he had
\ discovered the physical processes that ac
' company life, ar.d that electricity, and not
heat energy, is the basis of life. He does
not claim to have solved the problem of
"What is lifer* but to have proved a the
ory which overthrows a fundamental por
tion of the teachings of textbooks or.
physiology. Professor Loeb said:
Gives Week's Progress
in the South African
Struggle.
Professor Loeb Details
the Results of His
Experiments.
BASIS OF LIFE
IS ELECTRICITY
Supreme Court Decides
That W. P. Matthews
Is Right.
George Randolph Seeks
in ¦ ; Vain r to ' End
Earthly Woes.
Refusal to Surrender Report
on Piague in Line
His Children Discover His
Attempt at Suicide and
Summons Aid.
\V. P. Maf thews, secretary of the Stata
Board of Health, waa sustained by the Su
preme Court yesterday in his refusal to
allow the . representative of the Sacra
mento Bee to make a copy of the Mauser-
Ryfkogel report on the alleged existence
of the bubonic plague in Chinatown, San
Francisco, in 1S00.
On August 2, 1300, the Board of Health
ordered, the secretary to submit the report
to the Governor. Matthews obeyed and
the document was removed from his of
fice. On the next day the Bee representa
tive called for the report, stating that ho
intended to publish it wholly or in part.
Matthews said he could not produce. the
document and suit was commenced to
compel him to do so on the ground that
the writings were public according to the
State law.
The lower court found In favor of th© , '
newspaper, but the Supreme Court re- ~
verses the judgment, holding that Mat
thews did right in obeying the orders ot
the board.
George Randolph, a civil engineer em
ployed by the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company and residing at 366 Linden ave
nue, attempted suicide last night by hang
ing himself to the rafters in his cellar. He
was cut down In time and sent to the
Emergency Hospital. Dr. Armistead
treated ' him and expressed the opinion
that Randolph would recover.
Randolph was despondent. He had
quarreled with his wife and tried to end
his troubles. He had promised to take
his wife out last evening, but during th«
progress of dinner he declined the mis
sion. Randolph then left the table and
descended to the cellar, and was fdun-i
suspended to the rafters by his children.
The little ones wero greatly frightened
and rushed upstairs and told their moth
er. Her piercing screams aroused the
neighborhood. Two ¦ boys, named Milton
Oppenheim and Thomas Butler, rushed in
and cut the unfortunate man down. He
was sent immediately to the Emergency
Hospital.
His thorax was injured, and it will be
many days before he .will be able to talk.
PETTY SMUGGLERS FOILED
BY CUSTOMS INSPECTORS
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN TO SAIL.
Nearly Seven Thousand Cigars and
a Large Quantity of Clothes
Are Seized.
Petty smugglers were active on ths
water front yesterday, two more being*
added to the colony in the County Jail.
The first victim was Pedro Aldonate, a.
fireman, of the steamer San Jose, who was
apprehended while leaving the steamer
with fifty cigars concealed in his socks.
Ex -Judge Low ¦ secured his . release on
bonds.
The next was Pablo Sandoval. a coal
passer on the Curacao, who was caught
by Customs Inspector J. W. Nicholson at
6 a. m. while attempting: to get away wita
298 smuggled Mexican cigars. Sandoval
had the cigars in a bucket covered with,
a towel and tried to pass the cigars aa
tamales, but Nicholson being a tamale ex
pert, the ruse failed.
Customs inspectors seized yesterday on
the German Cosmos liner Heredot 6300
smuggled cigars, 15 bolts of woolen cloth,
one package of lace curtains, 2000 cigar
ettes and three boxes of Italian marbla
statuary.
Deputy Coroner Patrick ,H. Flynn re
tired from his official position yesterday
and John P. Fennell was appointed as his
successor. Flynn was a conspicuous
figure during- the Phelan campaigns and
twq years ago he held the position of sec
retary of the Democratic County Commit
tee. In reward for his services he was
appointed to the office. that he has re
signed.
nell, an Attache of the
Morgue.
His Place Is Filled by John P. Fen-
DEPUTY, CORONER FLYNN
BESIGNS FB0M OFFICE
Will Take Away Nearly 2000 Troops
to Philippines.
The United States army transport Sher
idan sails to-day for the Philippines, via
Guam. She will stop at the latter island
to land some stores for the garrison and
quite a number of belated Christmas
presents. She has also aboard a new gig
for the cruiser Brooklyn, in .which the
champion crew of that vessel expects to
win many races in foreign waters.
The Sheridan will take away 700 re
cruits, one squadron of the Eleventh
Cavalry, ' four troops' of the Twenty
seventh Infantry and 125 cabin passen
gers. .
Heinke, chief officer of the Sheridan,
will not go out on her. He has been given
a two months' vacation and - will spend
the time in New York with his relatives.
His place has been taken l^y Captain
Thomas Peabody, late of „ the Cyrus
Wakefleld. Of the many well-known men
on the coast, Captain Peabody has per
haps the largest circle of acquaintances.
Aa master of the . Tam o'Shanter and
other coasters he was known from Puget
Sound to San Pedro, and later, when he
returned to the t New York line, he re
newed a circle of acquaintances that
made it seem like old times. Then he
took the Cyrus Wakefleld to Manila and
there he made a host of friends, who will
welcome him back as chief officer of the
Sheridan.- Captain Pierce, his comman
der, is one "of the best navigators on the
Pacific, so the 2000 souls who will leave
to-day on the Sheridan may rest assured
that they are "as safe as in a church."
Licensed to Harry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— Ucense3 to marry
were issued to-day to Charles H. Joy.
aged 27 years, and Mary E. McFadden, 21,
both of Alameda; Eugene H. Baker. 31.
and Mary A. Petersen, 27, both of Oak
land; Charles A. Pracht. 23, San Francis
co, and Helen M. Abt, 20, Alameda: John
P. "Wesaer, 32, and Kay Hutchlns. 31, both
of San Francisco; William T. Boyd, 30.
and Mary Keys. 23, both of Oakland; Jo
seph A. Spangler, 24, and Bessie R. S*
monds, 24, both of Oakland; John B. Tate.
34, Alameda, and Alice W. Newbald, 29.
Hay wards; August Pereira, 27, and Mary
Alves. 17. both of Hay wards; Charles E.
Fouche. 26. "Vallejo, and Addessie L. Ger
main, 20, Oakland: Edward Raymond. 23,
and Julia M. Ball. 17. both ot Oakland;
John D. Grissim, 32, San Jose, and Irens
Baker. 21, Oakland; Buena V. Rivara, »>,
San Francisco, and Catherine Cavo. 13.
Alameda; Stewart "Wassey. 26. and Jose
phine Sibrian, 22. both of Alameda; Thom
as W. Smith. 28. San Jose, and Anna
Irene Smith, 26, Oakland; Melville Dozier
Jr., 27, Los Angeles, and Ellzabrth^Tr
Kinsey, 27, Oakland; Orville Ev Hudson,
24, and Johanna M. Boyer, < 22, both o*
Oakland?
KITCHENER TELLS
OF BOER LOSSES
SUSTAINS HEALTH
BOARD SECRETARY
HANGS HIMSELF
BUT IS RESCUED
FERRIS HARTMAN ACTS SA NTA CLAUS
FOR CHILDREN OF TH E ATRICAL FOLK
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Gives Christmas Tree Festival at the Tiyoii,
Entertaining Two y Hundred Youngsters, Whom ;She : Makes
Happy with Impromptu Juvenile Entertainment and Many Gifts
THEf SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNE^^Y^t^NU^Y-;^^i9(^; ;
9
can be adapted to
the needs of differ-
ent children.
Stndfcr a free sample cf Mclliri's
Feed and cur look, *' Melliifs
Food Babiti."
aellia's Food Company, Boston, Mass.
| GREAT CLEARANCE j
! X> JT\ SlJl JLa © a
[BARGAINS! BARGAINS! |
| New and Stylish Goods, j
SLADIES' WOOL WAISTS; value for $1.50, ft I fin I
! sale price....... O I.UU
1 LADIES' FANCY WOOL WAISTS, value for « r |J S
i $4.00, sale price Zi U U ¦
1 LADIES' EMBROIDERED WOOL WAISTS, Q CH ¦
j value for $5.00, sale price Ziull ¦
! LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS, value r ||A g
j for $7.00, sale price.. UiUU m
I' LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS, value 7 00 S
I for $10.00, sale price IgUU |
I LADIES' COLORED PETTICOATS, value t Z(% 3
j for $2.so-and $3.00, sale price I,uL! S
I : .ioo LADIES' SUITS, Tailor-made,. value for 10 00 g
S $17.50^ sale price ...... |Ui U U g
I LADIES' JACKETS, in Black, Blue and Red, 0 00 g
I value for Si 5.00, sale price . 1 . . i^firoSH u I U U H
! LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, value for $3.00, sale i Q f| a
! price .... ......V. 1,311 i
I MISSES' and CHILDREN'S JACKETS, # in |
1 Tan, Red, Gray and Blue, value for $4,00, 0 Rf) H
I sale price ................................ £|UU S
l LADIES' EMBROIDERED PLUSH CAPES, O 0 fl §
I - value for $4.00, sale price ZiUU g
1 Our entire stock of Ladies' Tailor-made Suits mar^d n
1 down; Feather Boas marked down; Fur Capes and Fur ¦•
I Collarettes-will be closed out at HALF PRICE. m
\ k: s . ¦-'¦"¦ ;¦;¦ ':¦ ¦• . . " . . . - . I
I Ladies will find on examination of the above- lines in-' b
I teresting bargains in New and Seasonable Goods. g
I ¦ . ¦ • ¦ £«
JA^DDICKT JPr PA s
, XJ llMMSi 06 UUi s
! 1146 MARKET STREET. |
'¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BaBBB.aBHBHBHHamBHig:. THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^LL, WEDNESDAY; JANUARY 1, 190^.
10
DRyTlSTS-lrnnJlnnotl. _¦--_..
LOWEST prices in S. F. :. painless extraction,'''
7 50c. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission.' SE. cor. Cth.
SET of te«th 1 without plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . " .- .' ¦"
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Larkln — Fain-
:¦¦¦¦ Ioe3 ext., 50c; plates $5 up; ; phone Polk 1135.
! DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist,' third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly. In Murphy bldg;
": DOG! sp E c j[ AL - I^ T - ' ¦'¦':
DlT~EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist
late o€ New York City, has just located at
5)0(5 Jones St., where he willadmlnster to th«
ailments of domesticated animals; offlce hours
t 10 to 3: telep}ione__Kate_2085.
DOG HOSPITALS. '^
DR. CREELY'S C. P. do? soap by druggists
or at the HospltM. 510 Golden Gate ave. -
DRESSMAKEItS AX1) SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
days rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Pest, over. O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for - men, - Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
ste.; 15- week courses, beginning January 0;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
1 commercial geography,- commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution. English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal flkusic, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, mtenoeraphy and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary. ,
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
- NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
• tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ; ,
" catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
¦ — $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education ; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free. •;
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 2-i POST ST..
. S. "F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
ail subjects pertaining: to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ,
A — The official reporters bf Supreme Court ad-
vise thair friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
YOUNG German graduate of German univer-
sity gives lessons in German literature and
French and Latin languages. Address MR.
HOELZER, 2110 Central ave.. Alameda.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 220 -Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; position: Z*>r all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 303 Lurkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S04. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A' FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $00. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1230 Market st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
- moved to Xatlve Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.
COMPETENT lady piano teacher; gives lessons
reas.; easy method." 847 Halght; tel. Fage C5.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratarlo. 1017 Sutter.
.VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERK.V good
teacher, 1003 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Busineps College, 1435 Market, nr. 10i.li.
.Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
EEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. K. ;
.founded 1803; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
VAUDEVILLE. School of Acting — Pupils pre.
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
EJIPLOV.VEXT OFFICES.
A. S. NAKO. 500 Bush St.. Main 1C40— Japan-
ese contractor* and employment office; con-
tracts taken for general farming help, sugar
beet field help, canneries or factories.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
N0SHITA, 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. . GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411& O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. : tel. . Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42d Powell.nr.Sutter;teI.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
POSITION as housekeeper by neat, reliable
elderly, -woman; good plain cook; fond or
children: references given; wages $10 to $12
month. 1020 Howard st., room 5. --
GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 10 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. "760 A Howard St.. room 4.
COMPETENT young woman* with , a child de-
sires situation; capable of managing room-
ing house,- hotel or cooking for men; highest
references. 1376 Twelfth ave.. 9 ak ' an d-
SITUATION wanted for good girl; $4 per week;
sleep home. Telephone Fell 246. or box 3178,
Call offlce. •
A LADY, competent, educated, companionable,
not young, desires position as housekeeper, or
charge of lodging-house. Room 16, 501. Post.
POSITION as housekeeper for club of students
or others; good, economical cook; references;
reasonable. Lady, ' CCT Geary et.
I YOUNG woman wants position; upstairs work
j and sewing. Box 3180, Call offlce. '->-
j STRONG woman wishes to do . housecleaning, i
: washing and Ironing. Address box 3184, : Call. ;
I WANTED— Position as stenographer wlth.reli-
j able city firm; good references; salary mod-
; erate. Box 3156. Call. "
I A COMPETENT woman wishes work by day
'¦ washing, ironing and housecleaning. 417 !
I " Stockton 'Et. ¦ . ' - . - ¦ " '¦' "'¦;¦-•¦'
| WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar- i
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
j bus and. baggage to and from ferry,
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlons has been established at 1090 I
Valencia st. ¦¦ ¦-¦¦--¦¦ ¦ • .
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— MALE.
, WANTED — Steady employment by an "Eastern
j man of middle age, well educated and of a
strictly moral and temperate life. He holds
diplomas from a flrst-class business college
and a liberal arts college, where he* did spe-
! rial work in pedagogy and the sciences. He
! has had 14 : years' experience In educational
work; held various clerkships: had 3 months'
experience " in railroad surveying and : -is a
good mechanic In the carpenter's craft: will-
ing to do any kind' of work "which is honor-
j able and upright for living wages. Address
box 2750, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman' and valet;" neat ap-
; pearance; ; sober, willing and obliging; expert
horseman and driver; fine all-round man; best
city, references. ¦M.-M.. ; 832 Mission st., city.
STENOGRAPHER 1 and typewriter, ready for
admission to the bar desires position; law
offlce preferred; salary nominal.- Box 3170,
Call office. ¦ . ¦
SITUATION wanted by reliable ' young man",
with $50; best- references; experience* with
horses. Box 31Sl,~,Call offlce. •
COMPETENT middle-aged man, weight- 215, :
best of references, wants - position as • watch-
man. Box 2C7D, Call offlce. . . ¦•* . ; -",
YOUNG German ¦ wishes . a ' position ¦ ns ; porter,"
¦ watchman or " fireman ; from New York ; so-
., ber. Box 31C8, Call office. , ¦¦ ¦
W-ANTED-r-By brlffht ' German, ¦ position to; so-
• licit and collect;. best of references given; also-
bond or cash, security. Box 3183, Call -office.:
A YOUNG : man with ' good recommendations
. wishes position in store or to drive small de-
. livery wagon." Address 12S6 Ecldy,st.'. . " ; ,.
WANTED— A: situation ,by, a ' flrst-class coach-
man just disengaged where he can make him-
self generally j useful/ ' Box 1 3182.' Call -office.;
SITUATION -wanted by German I baker; second
hand on>bread;;city. orcountry. Address'G.'
: A.. 278 Minna st. . . • '"¦--.'.¦ U .'•¦•-'':¦
JAPANESE boy would • like s position as school
? boy > in Oakland. Apply. 533 Sixteenth *6t."
; Oakland. SASAKY.- . '. • ,•
BUTCHER wants', situation; all-round • man;!
'. good reference. Box 3187, Call : of flee.
¦ :HKT,r t -/ w n'TKn-— m.u.w — *"*«"*• . .
A— MURRAY & READY. . . . .Phone Main 5848
; " : Leading Employment ¦ and Labor Agents."
C34-C3C Clay st.
-A Happy and Prosperous New Year to AH.
Office open 7 a. m. to-day.
10 2-horse . teamsters,' near city, $27 50 and
found; blacksmith, ranch, Santa Clara Co.,
' $35 , and found; i bakery wagon ' driver, city,
, $40 and. found; foreman for fruit ranch;, ma-
" chine hand, country planing mill; 14. men to
chop wood, ; make posts, pickets, -ties, sn ln-
- gles, bolts, ,. etc.- bis wages; 5 farmers; 10
", choremen . and choreboy;' boy for etore; furn-
ace man, dairymen, etc ¦.'.".'. r. .".."..'
-Farmer and wife." good job. $45 and found.
. ..... .HOTEL, ETC., DEPARTMENT . .
>" : Butcher, small country shop, $35 and found;
5 cooks, $35 to $f>0; cook, restaurant, $14
week; 6 waiters. $35.* $30 and $25 and found;
cake baker; baker, small shop, $35; kitchen
help; baker's helper, city, $25 and^Jround;
• bakery "wagon ¦ driver, country, $•*» - ana
1 MURRAY ' & ' READY'. *¦'¦'. '.'.6341636' Clay st.
WANTED— A bookkeeper familiar with family
" *' accounts and able to handle a large ledger in.
' flrst-class shape; 600 to 700 accounts; must
' have good references . and be able ' to add
•"¦ i rapidly , and • accurately; permanent: place;
' $12 CO a , week to begin ; . give • age and ex-
perience and where last employed. Box 31G0,
.; S Call offlce. .~ :.-..*
FOR Sale— First-class barber shop/with C
chairs. 14 electric llshte. first-class wash-
stand, C -large mirrors, 8 Iooking-glasseE. 1
large mirror = about 8 feet longjiy 18 wide.
' cash register, linoleum, carpets; place estab-
lished 8 years; the best fixtures and business
In the city; the cause of sale, sickness. The
shop is 032 Montgomery st. 1
WANTED — RecruitB for the marine corps. U.
S. ; navy ; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not.
• less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 0 feet 1 .
inch;. able to speak and read ¦ English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. -40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men- to learn barber trade; eight
' weeks; tools donated;- situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this" month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217. Third St.; 150 larse
. rooms: £5c per night; $1 to $2 per week. (
MEN to learn , barber trade ; barbers In de- .
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalosue free. MOLEP.'S • BARBER COL-
LEGE. C35 Clay st. .- . . .
WANTED — BriKh-t,— intelligent offlce boy for
. large -wholesale and retail house. Box 315S,
Call office.
RIGHT man for side line gloves for the north;
i state experience. Box 3159, Call.
WANTED — Errand boys, large, not under 15
years. Nathan-Dohrmann Co.. 124 Sutter st.
YOUNG man to drive* milk wagon. 818 Treat
avenue.
A— $125; STEADY man as partner in good pay-
H Ing business; will pay $20 a week. 8S Third.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
-price. SCi Mission St.. bet.-lst and 2d sts.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand, for
sale; sickness. 300 Golden Gate ave.
McDONALD & PERRY have COO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building. "
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. ¦ HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand arm7 shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3, 40, Phelan
bis. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading 'rooms;
;free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements "and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofSce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been ; established at 109S
Valencia st. ¦ !
H YGIEXIC H AI R T K E AT AI ENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
. cured, -. ladies • or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Heir Specialist, r. 31>. 139 Post.
HYPNOTISM.;:
HYi?NOTIC~maBnTtle"ln1^tu^
cured ilessons clven. Dr. Conrad, 7 Grant ave..
HOltSKS AiSD \VA«OXS.
DO not fall to .attend the special auction sale
"Thursday, Jan. 2, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
"DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR ' sale at a barcain, well advertised horse
market; complete outfit for breaking and
handling horses; low rent: good location.
Box S076, Call. \.
HORSES — 100 head to select from; good single
drivers from $20 up. JOHN H. HALTON.
1732 Market Et. ; ' • . 1 ' ¦ ¦
PERFECT saddle horse; sound, young, stylish,
gentle; broken to harness. Nob Hill Stables,
2018 Polk st. , -.- -
ONE ' second-hand undertaker's wagon;- one t-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAE-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth et. ' -
400 . FINE young mules for sale or exchange.
Parker's ranch, Lockford, or A. F. ROOKER,
Stockton. .
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. . Johr H. HALTON,. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
;. and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap.. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, -cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
\A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — ELEGANT corner 50-room house;. swell lo-
: cation. ¦¦- SPECK & CO..' 667 Market St.
HOUSEiS JO lET--FUflj{ISHED,^.
13 ROOMS and bath at Larkspur; modern; rent
$40. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall gqr.
JOB PRI?< _T iyG - '.:
1000 CARDS. $1: good stock; new type and
. fine work. . ODELL P. CO.,' 7£ Fourth st.
.' LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Washington st., between Van Ness
ave.* and Taylor st., man's gold ring. Finder
; 7 return to W. AMES. 324 Montgomery st., and
receive reward. . -
LOST— Black and white cocker spaniel named 1
> - Fanny ; . reward. 626 California . st.
LOST— A small gold watch with initials E. M.
i Return to 345 Pierce : st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — Dec. 22, black cocker spaniel dog. Re-
;. :•; turn 1334 Stevenson st. :'. receive reward.
LOST-^Cross bet. pointer and setter dog. brown
¦ and .curly, medium stubby tail, white on
-breast, some .white on head; leather ¦ collar
'; on brass mountings. -Return. 2 Sutter; $5.-
LOST — Diamond and setting, on Third st., near
Mission, at .10:45 p. m. Sat.,' 28; reward of
- $20. Return , ; to B. JACOBS. 95 Third st. '
LOST— Sunday evening/pair of eyeglasses with
> : chain, l • 736 Bush st. ; reward. . , ,
STRAYED — Dec. 3. 1901. white bull terrier
: dog, dark spot over eye "and hip; ; ears and
• tail », not . cut.* Return to ¦ manager ' Klevers'
.Nursery, ccr.' Chestnut and Polk sts. ; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
¦nia WaLch Case Co.. 220 Sntter st.'. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases. • :¦•¦¦
}£ :':\ ; ? '¦•:.' MACHTXE WORKS.
ENSIGN "Machine .Works.' 415',«, Sacramento st J
, j builds models • and . experimental machinery;
¦ mine hoists 4, S, 12 H. P. specialty,' repairing.
'¦' MATRIMONIAL.' .
GENTLEMEN ..wishing, •: to. marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs." Hertz. 706 Ellis..
~- MATTRESSES .AND ;¦ PILLO WS.
TO order/ also ¦ cleaned and setrllized. .uphol-
; : stery;-Al. carpet cleaning;. honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS./: 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421 .. ;. «>;" ¦:'.-¦ ,
; ': :¦¦¦¦-:";'¦ "' S MEI1ICAL. .
DR.- O'DONNELL— All wh»«'. are sick ¦ and ~- In
;¦ trouble , call ; and the ; specialist. . My
. medicines navt'boen used for many,years:by
; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
¦ ' cases > takan ; ~- the - most \ obstinate ; cases • have
: been relieved by; my : medical < treatment ; ,f ree
. confidential .'advice on rail" subjects of ; a deli-
cate, nature : oil classe? of female complaints
, treated; 'rtiief i to; the longest ; cases. DR. O.
O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
MRS. r,D. ..WYETH — Reliable I ladles' \ spectaliat ;
..s 30 1 years' . experience;; instant -relief guaran-
v ' ! ;teed; .home; before 'and: during; confinement;
' *', infants adopted..;- 410 O'Farrell, ' near Taylor.-
.^'MRS.^KOHL.', specialist.; 410 O'Farreli;st.
: MRS.,M..WEGENER." ladles' V; physician, . has'
1". : returned from the. East and resumed business;
; -home in "confinement. r ' 210 .' Eddy* St., > near
; Vfaylor,"; forar oily : of; 1312 -Golden Gate ave.-;
, MRS/. D. ." GOODWIN,^ ladles', . physician; 25
>" •' yearsV successful 5 experience \ in S.". F. -^ Ma-
,' . ternity Home, ' 90C : Market ' st.," - opp. Fourth/i
BtETJICAI^ — rontlnnffl.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity. Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies
.' before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement. $15; room and board, $5 week;
infants adopted; will take 2 to work at my
private residence. CCC Guerrero St.. near
.Eighteenth; tel. /Blue 411. ;
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist;. a private home before and during
confinement; best medical fare; low fees.
LADY, patrons— Dr. Rosen, res. 1343 Alabama
St.; near -26th; -avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE,, 210 Slockton et.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AM> MIXAXG.' *
GRUBSTAKE by experienced miner for South
America. Box 31ti2. Call.
M1SCKLLA.N i-:O ti y— - V OR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or. rents gear, machinery en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,'
etc. ¦ WHrriSLAW. -.253-355 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 51C-520 Mission st.
A LADY financially embarrassed would sell
! sealskin Jacket (34 bust) for *85; cost »lto.
good as new. Address box 31S5, Call office.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, Zl "Stockton
st., .upstairs. -
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
;. lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1S15. worth $250. only
?90. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
: TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50. Port-
land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st. '
NOTIONS, toys, counters and , showcase. 1441
Market st.. near Eleventh.
2G-INCH full dress suit case." leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st. *
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc
'. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
/and launches. J. E. DOAK. 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st. .-. ¦
SAFES— New and second-hand. /THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: S drawers; oak:
¦ complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
1 JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 12(5 Kearny st., rm. 29.
BAR outfits showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, S21 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
I MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS. j
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal- i
skins. Address at once, box 1205. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
HEKMASfli!nXK?HY?lioTl2x^^
$4,600,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
'.Property being held In trust
Undivided Interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). T
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a'.ove securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT .AT 6 PER • CENT. • '
First, second and third mortgages...'
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN •
24 Montgomery St., room 3 .... .-
ANV proposition, any amount; 6 p*T cent; first,
, second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
. 1st floor, Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Offlce. D Grant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount: lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St.. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st ; phone Red ieO3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtain
liberal -advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S48
Market st. ; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum; MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal. libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc ; any amt. : low-
est rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furnitur' etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
' ' age: reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
\ moval. Phone Black 170!». Room 81. 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted.- TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
IF you want, a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A..E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitlons. S. F. Discount Agcv.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary:, no Indorser: Ear.tern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 30S Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEX'iSV
A GOOD thing to remember — We are not
conducting a "fake" sale of pianos nor sell-
ing for less than cost;' neither are we giv-
ing pianos away for the sake of getting them
out of the house; no reliable or honest -firm
does, or claims to do any of these things.
If you : want a good piano at a reasonable
price, we have Just what you want, as you
can - find , out by calling. Yon can select
from -Wlssner, Decker & Son. Baumelster.
. Pteger or Singer. Payments accepted if you
do : not care to pay cash. THE • ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7C0 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you thai our p'iano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
' of • Chicago and Includes the . most reliable
makers to choose from. New, pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHEIJ-
i MAN, CLAY & CO., Stemway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. " San Francisco; cor-
; ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY. Pianos.
a* rrft^TT*^ H Jr isnop. -
HAMILTON Pianos. ¦>
SPIELMANN Pianos. . . -"
CECILIA N PIANO PLAYER,
PIPE ORGANS. WSSi
. BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
, . Second-hand upright pianoa from $53 up.
Second-hand Equare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
Pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON,. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. .Chlckering. Mason
' ' & Hamlln. Vose.' Sterling pianos. . ;
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $S5; six-octave
Ma«on & ' Hamlln - organ. ' $.>5; Stelnway
- square. $100; elegant burl walnut ' Cameron
upright,"- used only few months." $27.">: • Bech-
• stein baby graiwl. almost -new. 1 BOWERS &
, SON, 23 Fifth st. ;.rVERS & POND. . Agents.
ANY piano sold , by ~ us , taken back ' any • time
within 2 years •_ and . full : purchase ,"price iw-
¦ . . lowed on : a ' new peerless ¦ Knabe." at regular
: price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
frsm us. . KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrt'.l
st.: established -1R.10. '
'ALL* makes, rent $2 . up, ". credl ted if purcha 3ed :
;; installments ; . $3" up: vblgr" allowance for old
,. pianos; bargains $25 up in Sts»inways. Heine.
Chlckering, etc. HEINE PIANO. CO.,- 217
'-. Geary st. . .. " '
¦ OUH . pianos," ; tne "leading makers: - price . $100
i ' upward ;'. value* -best ln?the city. 'PIERCK'S
/ v PIANO s FACTORY. Market. < 14th ; & Church.
'A — SLAUGHTER- sale : of storage • pianos; dirt
. : • • cheap. WILSON* S Storage. 1710 Market st.'
.EMlMiOYMEST.iWAXTEliu-MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED 'man wants '-...to;. run" errands
" . and make ' himself ¦: generally .useful ; ' willing
. to '.work for Email wages; has good refer-
enees.'-'Box 31C0, Call Offlce.
WANTED by. well -educated, energetic and re-
. liable young man lof : 20, salaried position,
$75; : six years'- experience in offlce work;
, thorough - accountant.' ¦; Box ¦ 3110, . Call office.'
YOUNG' man i (Swede) wishes > situation as
• coachman and gardener or as assistant gard-
¦ener; ¦ beat references. • 'Address box. 3093,
I Call offlce. : . r; , , 1 '-.-..-¦;-, ; , : . "....,;
WANTED— Position on farm as working . man-
ager by competent farmer and -fruit grower;
having help, able to work. Box ¦ 3030, Call.
YOUNG man, aged 23. years, would like posi-
tion in mercantile house with chance for ad-'
vancement." - Box 3097, Call. •
MALE professional nurse ; from Denver wants
situation; * best of references; - will , go any
place. Box 3063. Call: office.
BY a competent . man a ¦ situation as '. fireman
" .to stationary boiler or night watchman: in
-or near city. Address I. H. D.. • 425 Tehama.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 2541,- Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has ' been- established at 1096
Valencia st. , -. .
COMPANIES promoted. . guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in .payment for 1 serv-
ices; , good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished., PACIFIC STATES MININO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. * ' •:-
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 orficea in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
. or. address main offlce. : 507-S-9 ; Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co.— New series of
shares now open; pays interest and dividends;
a reliable paying investment. 30 Nevada L'lk.
K: - FLATS TO LET. ~
OAK. 1009— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; - frescoed celllncs;
marble- vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park: rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11- and 3 o'clock.
A- — NEW. elegant, (opposite park, 6 rooms, por-
. celain baths, social room, nice ; yards, large
basements; Sixth ave.. near Fulton st.
TO let — Han-lsome new ' flats near Van Ness
ave. : 7. 8 and 9 rooms and bath. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.;. 14 Montgomery st.
SUNNY, modern flat, 5 rooms and bath." 065
Golden Gate ave., opposite Jefferson Square;
no children. . '
I HAYES. 1743, near Park— Sunny upper flat, 4
rooms, bath; rent $15; water free.
$15 — SUNNY unper flat, 4 large rooms.
prove £t.
?27 «)— NEW modern flat of 7 rooms, bath,
basement and yard. 4034 18th. near Castro..
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
ELEGANT 6-room "; sunny flat, furnished,: 1
' year, with reference. Box 3049, Call.
$25— 151P GOLDEN GATE; middle floor, fur-
nished; 4 rooms, bath: piano; garden. 1 to 4.;
FLATS ;.WASTI5D.; .
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable.
Palnter.y502 Stanyan St.; phone Park 15. *
FURXITtHK FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— Bargain; furniture of 2 rooms
complete; nearly new. 10 Montgomery ave.,
top floor. i, .
4. ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AV ANTED. /
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods..
1710 Market st.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.; pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling - furniture, car-
pets. p)ano3 etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. -•¦ '
CHRISTMAS present — Danichefl glove order;
factory price «uar. : kept in repair. 121. Grant.
*~ —
HEU' WAXTEO— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185.
10 chambermaids, Southern California, some
to start Immediately, others the 15th, $20,
half fare paid and rates. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary Et.
EXPERIENCED operators can , find - steady
work at highest pay ; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
to learn. Standard > Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove. sts.
OPERATORS at Levl btrausa & Co.'s Overall
Factory. 8214 Fremont, 8t; no txperlence
reatssary; good j?ay, eteady work. Apply to
UK. DAVIS. r ' .
EXPERIENCED operators on white and fancy
shirts; also a limited number of Inexperi-
enced will be taken for instruction. Stand-
; ard Shirt Factory ," cor. Gough and Grov<» sts.
WANTED — 2 bright young ladies. living . with
pirents, to work for a physician; must have
references. Apply 2 to 5, room 213, Call
, building. New Year's- day. ,
GIRL for general housework in family of four,
two being children; plain cooking and wash-
lng; $25 mo. MRS. G. H. YOST. Palo Alto.
WANTED— Young lady bookkeeper, quick at
figures, for commission-house. R.. box 14,
Call office. • -.¦;¦•
WANTED — Young girl for general housework
in family of. two. ' Call 1937 Broadway, after
January 1. _^ j
AMATEUR singers ¦ wanted. Apply at Chutes
• at ti o'clock this evening. ¦ -': -"*.
YOUNG lady compositor; state salary ex-
> pected. Box 3170, Call office.' .
WANTED — A reliable girl for housework and
i light washing. ; 707 Sutter st.
IF a mother wants a • good future • for her
daughter see Dressmaker, 919 Geary st.
SALESLADY for fancy dry goods store; must
have experience. 152 Eddy st.
WANTED— Working girls;' the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches ; you .in 2
' weeks hairdressins, manicuring, massage,
shampooing; entire course .$5;- eve. classes;
' positions guaranteed; more calls for help than
we can fill. 233 Geary st.,.r. 13-15.
CALIFORNIA College of, Hairdressing and
Massage: leading school of the West; prepares
young ladles for the latest and most proflt-
r able profession for women; full course 55.
: Supreme Court bids.. 305 Larkin St.; take
. elevator; visitors ; welcome. ,
A GIRL to do light housework In Alameda; 2
"in family; good home; references; $2 a week.,
, Box 2CC6, Call offlce. ¦ . .,, :.,-.-,¦ ¦ . -'.^
FINISHERS ' and ' tuckers ¦ on ¦". ladies'. - shirt
; waists. BAUER BROS.. CO., "21 Sansome st.
GIRL to assist in '; general housework. 3630
Twentieth St., near Valencia. .
GIRLS wanted— Bobkbindery, '¦ 636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED pressers and folders on.negll-
; gee shirts. LOWENBERG & CO.. 27 Jessie.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ¦ has been established .. at ' lOOtf
'¦ "Valencia st. .'¦•-¦ -. ¦"• ' ". .'•- : ; '.'•'
. HELP WAXTKD— MALE. Vv! .
.¦;".'£ : ; . : '. /: '. :.. '. '. '.".? to-day ¦¦¦':'. . .-:. ... ;.; . .':.":". .
!- . AT OR. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104^ Geary st.
! Railroad Work . . v: . . . . . .......... Free Fare
. ...FOR CH ATS WORTH PARK.... v..-
/ Wanted— 50. " tunnel • men, machine ... men,
i header men," corner men, . drillers and muck-
ers:. :..:....".......' .....$2 to $3 a day
Free Fare..'. ...Ship To-day .".... '.Free Fare
' C. R. HANSEN & CO. .::... .;.1O4 Geary st.
SAWMILL foreman, $100 montft; 6hlrt polisher:
;,- fruit farmer and wife, $40; 1 2 farmers,, '$1 ;
day ; driver f or nii Ik . wagon, $30 to ¦ $40 and
¦ found ; : piano player . for : country, • $1 • to $1 50
¦ day , and found; pruners; Russian, laborers:
tlemakers; J cooks, waiters, ¦' dishwashers • and
others.. J. F." CROSETT. & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. '¦-.,' Myf^BtfftunBf
SEVERAL young men,', about 16 years : of : age.
to ' work : about our cutting rooms. ... Standard
Shirt factory, : cor. Gough and .Grove sts.* I ¦
WANTED— -Reliable younz. man, with $125
I cash ; | plain | indoor ..work ; * no ' experience I nec-
essary ;> $15 a week; steady place; only those
meaning. business apply. Brown, 1221 Market.'
WANTED^-Buslness man ' capableTof present-'
."¦ing a new proposition; salary. . Call 9 to ; 12, : .
; 819'iMarket st., 't San : , Francisco, or.- room 41,'
"¦ -McDonough \ building, 'Oakland. . \- .
.WANTED— A" bookkeeper, arid general ' offlce
* man,' between the: ages -of 18 -and 22 years.
".Apply box. 31 77, Call, office.
WANTED-^-Partner at. once with $100;'; old es-
' tabllnhcd business requiring two; a rare'op-
; . portunity.V Address ' 1016 ¦ Market : st.', {¦ r.'. 10. 1
2?BOYS,* bet; 10 and" 12 years old. -Apply, at 5
;k:1111B G. G.-'ave.; Wcd.*&,Thur.;.9 to 12 a.m.
GOOD tinsmith: or "lampmaker. ¦ : Bauer. Lamp
-..; and! Reflector Co.; 525, Mission* st. '
V barber,* ' steady, ' at -¦:. 41
.;¦¦ Sutter,' st.-. '¦_¦•: ; .'¦ . .-.- ;: • ¦ : r- : ..\ >
BOY, ' : 17, years. 0 o(' good address;: opportunity, to
; : advance. Carson . Glove . Co.;' 35 ; Market st: ' ]
JttJSICAL 1 XSTR^'MK^r 11 *— -Cow.
lCT'irK Everettr~nardman, Ludwig, Pack
«rd Kinclbury or Smith & Barnes pianc
can cniy S bc bought from THE WILEY B
ALLEN CO?. 9^3 Market st. Popular prices
Easy terms! • __J
PARTY going away: muat J^ t^ ll r °l stor l
upright Stelnway plano^-JBo^olSQ. Call. j
S15O— 6N~sai=~upr^sl»t grand; cost ?C00; makj
cash offer. Room SO. 217 Geary st. |
PARTY called East 13 forced to sacriflce largi
new.SSOO upright grand piano. &4-» Turk aj
$175— A RARE chance: fl ne ., t u ? ri8 . h^
SCHMITZ. l(i McAllister, next Hlbernia_Bk
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition
$75; Erard upright. Ilornung. 216 M'AU.ster
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnyer. Schubert anil Stelnway bRrga.na.
OFFICES AXJ> STOnE* '»*» :LET -__
PACIFIC. 323 — Handsome larse store, cheap;
also S<« Sansome -,t. : reduced $10.
__ _ oxu ___
OIL tank? second hand. In gocxl order: all
¦ slzea: cheap H. 5. WHITE. SIB MlMUmjtt.
~~ " yAXMISTRY.
oTiL7T£eeTsXaTuCT™£^^
lege. reads 1 to 4. 70O Post; phone Hyde 33Ai.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. sclentiflc palmist, 51£>
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black «>61.
i j^:kso.\al3. ;
BEGINN^ .G January 1. 1902. H. HOLLMAN
& CO >. -e the sole San Francisco agents for
the Courtland Star Creamery Butter. Any
one having obtained the butter from Dodge.
Sweeney & Co. can now obtain the same- from
H. HOLLMAN & CO.. 2S05-2S09 Mission at.
LISTEN' Don't buy over $20 suits; the quality
and workmanship is high-priced; any suit or
overcoat in house to order $20; no more, no
less: any style. MASTEN. The Tailor. 701
Geary st.. corner Leavenwortb. .
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of Dants free of charge: other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $5 all-
wool pants; lt'3 what you get for what you
cay They are world-beaters; best value on
earth: made to order. MASTEN. The Tailor.
701 Geary St.. corner Leaven worth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. Patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods: electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, molea, etc.. removed by electrlo
needle. MME. ZEPHET. 1258 California sU
ELECTRIC light In .every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market:'70O rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing-. manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON.
324 Po3t st.; gwltchea at bargain prices.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio. ' . ,
Shampooing, 50c; wrinkles removed, 50c; hair-
dressingr. any style, 25c; the best switches,
$1. $1 60. $2. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curloa'lty Store. 118 Geary st. Kat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladles* ready to
wear garments tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
"WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 56S Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones. wher»
can be found fine* stock of ladles' underwear.
PROF. BAKER, select boxing school; open
even.. 7 to 10; terms reasonable. 200 Sta st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltl»
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter 3t.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr. G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently -cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia st.. corner 19th. ¦
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
Mrs Br!ggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair E
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, 'WI53:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrj-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders. '
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress pants. *2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.'
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores RTay
hair to Its natural color; SI: at all druggists.
PATENTS AMD l'E.\SIO.\S.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Goo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner hldtr.
l'H-k'SICIANS ANO SURGEONS.
Dli. C. C 6 7 DONNELL--Cfflce and residence^
1021% Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor., successfully
¦ treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at offlce, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium.
7&t-76g Clay st.: see testimonials at offlce.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC. — For Sale.
A COUPLE of beautiful thoroughbred Black.
Minorca roosters: extra choice. . 436 Minna.
FliANlNB AND TPRNIXG MILLS.
WOOD and . Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend. No. 37, of seventy-
nve cents (73c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
¦ payable at the 1 office of the company. 435
¦ California St.. San Francisco, on January
10th. 1902. Transfer books close January
Sd. 1902. at noon. . A. A. SPARKS. Sec.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan
. Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts., San Francisco, Dec. 30, 1001. — At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3Vs> per cent per annum, on all de-
posits for the six months ending December
31, 1901. Free from all taxes and payable
on and after January 2. 1902. ROBERT J.
* TOBLX. Secretary. ,
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery »ts. — For the six months ending Decem-
. ber 31. ' 1901. dividends have been declared
I on deposits in the savings department of thl*
company as follows: On term deDoslts at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2^ 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January L i 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, 101 Mont-
goinery st.. corner of Sutter — The board- of
directors declared a dividend for the term
ending ' December 31, 1901. at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay*
able on and after January 2, 1002. i Dlvtdendi
not called for are added to , and bear tltt
same rate of dividend as tha principal fro a
and after January 1, 1902.--.
• CTRU3 W. CARMANT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-rSecurity Savings Bank.
222 Montgomery St.. Mills building— For tha
half-year endlnjr December 31, 1901. dividends
on term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths 42 6-10) per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be payable
, on and after January 2. 1902. S. L. ABBOT
JR/. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cal-
lfornia St.. corner "Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the Slst of December 11)01 .»
dividend has been declared at the" rate "per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredths
i SiL 1 - 100) per cent <m term de POSlt3 and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits free of
taxes, payable on and after Thursdav, Janu-
ary 2. 1002. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OP SAN FRAV
& ISC <Sr For , b ?l year endln * D«*i£ber
SI 1901. a d.vldend ha 9 been declared at th»
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposlts..fjee of taxes, payable on and after
iTO r^ 3y cafh a , n e U r ary . 2l GEOR^ a!
December .11. 1901. a dividend has been ,,. h
clared a' tb* rate of three <;» D « ct n t tli
annum on all; deposit!., free of taxe* nTv
able en and after Thnrsdav. Ja.mirP*^
I9Qg. CF.OROE TOTTRNT. Sf'eWary?
THE Continental Building anrt Loan A.^^JTi —
tion. 222 San,orn«. st.. ha* dechXl *?¦£*&
six months endinv Dee<vr.bsr ?.l iftut ~ .,», ,
dcr>d r.f S r er centner annum on ClaasV" \"
snd "F* stock. 6 per cent; on i?rm a> D ->a\i
f»nd 5 per cent on ordinary.* «*«»do!>U» rrV» ', »
taxes. -WTLLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
HUMBOLnT .Savinr* ani Loan Society T»
Hit a .7 2 t -7l he rtIr^ t0 " ' have d-claVed a
.awidrad-of .> per. cent per annum on Its <1«.
posits, payabl* «n »r<1 after January 2 infti
JMBfiSES ERNEST BRAND. Sscret^.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
fa"l ciirnrr of Market ar.d Third streets; open
rniii 5" r>* circle every n'.ght in the year.
k BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery etfeet,
rr-er <"lay: oven until S:30 p. m.
:;("*•¦*> Iiiivos street: oi>en until 0:30 p. m.
(¦-?( McA-Hf-wr i?tre»t; open until 9:30 p. m.
MS Ltrkin street; citen until 'J::W p. m.
j;»4l Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ICC Eleventh Ftreet; open until 0 p. m.
josh; Valencia street: open until Q p. m.
Northwptt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tvr-kv rtreetF: ppea until 0 p. m.
2^00 Fi'.lmore street: open until 0 p. m.
AUSETIM. XOTICKS. ~~~
MOUNT JIOKIAH Lodge No. 44. Fpand •
" A. M. — Stat?d meeting THIS (WED- A
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
THEO. FROHLICH. Sec. AfN
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C0, F. and A. m
M.— Siated meeting: THIS (WEDNES- iB%
DAT) EVENING, Jan. 1, at 7:30^Tlf
o'clock. K. J. OWEN. Secretary. v f^W\
CROCKETT Lodre No. 130. P. and A JSk,
M.— Stated meeting: THIS Jan. • 1. at *?? 3P
- 7:30 p. m. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec ¦ /V^
YKREA nUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
IO. o: V. — Ir.tiraiation of officers
lor c:i-uing term on THURSDAY =*£$£?£?
uEMXC, January 2, 1902. Full 'w/»%^*
attendance requested. . Visitors welcome.
t t t, ,r Ti£- M ARTIN. Noble Grand.
J. J. He HAVEN. Rec. Sec.
H A TIONAL UNION. Call- A*Si«S»S»-^I
T<-r;!:a Cojncil. r.iofts TO-
XIGHT at Pioneer Hall,
Fourth st., at S o'clock (in
i'.f new ha!i). Visitins friends cordially in-
kited. Ey order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON." President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
HAKALAI7 PLANTATION COMPANY. Office
I:K.'7 Msrhct Ft;. San Francisco. Dec. 31, 1901 :
Annual mr^tins — The annual meeting of the
•¦tockhoiders of the Hah.ilau Plantation Corn-
ettisy will be held ai the offlce of the com-"
1-cny. ".27 ilarket st.. fn the city and county
of S-i:i Francifco. State of , California, on
WEDNESDAY, the ir»th day of January.
W™. at tiie iio-ar of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the puiiiwa of electing a board of directors
i-> f-erve ff.r the ensuing year and for the
purpcM? nf smendinE article III of the by-
la*ms of tlie oonipany. relatir.s to_the annual
meotinp of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Tr.ir.sfer ! looks will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 4. ' at i2 o'clock m. • By order of the
president. K. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
TKE California Debris Commission having re-
r^ived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic proct-ss from L. Lasomarsino, in the
Kossy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
<Upcs:t Uiilings on a flat; from.R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jones, in the Hardscrabbie
mine, near Oak. Shasta Co., to deposit tail-
Sncs in Clear Creek, and f*f*n Joseph Rup-
!py. in the Negro Flat placer mine, at Negro
Flat. E! Dorado Co., to deposit tailins- in
N^rro Oulch. rives notice that a meeting
xr'U l>e lield at room 59. Flood building, San
-TrsnciEco. Cal., on January 13. 1002, at 1:30
P. in.
/XN'L'AL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATHK V.'ORKS — The annual meeting of the
'tork'roldrrs of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the com-
rany. V2C> Stockton st.. San Francisc.-). Cal..
fit 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth
dav of January. 1JW2. to elect trustees to
t r>rve for the ensuing year end for *he trans-
pftior. of f?och other business as may be
broupht before the meeting. San Francisco,
December ?«. 1901.
i PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
TKK anuua? meeting of the stockholders of The
•J^*vada Xational Bank of San FraneiFco.
<~«l.. will be held at its banking-house. 301
M«^tr<*>mery Ft.. San Francieco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. Janvarr 14. 1002. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuins: year and the transaction of
rurh other l)i:pln»s« n« may come before the
m<*-;in«r. OEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
ff •Prffr-fjyon. T>«*'r<*'Tnbyr 13. 1001.
ASPHALTCK KOOFIXG:
CiTT A fc PH A LTUM~CO.. <r>2 "ilaTkct'sT— Roof 'u.
fi.ipwalkp. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 23-12.
* ASXKOI.OGY.
HOROSCOPE v.-ritten out. prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, by mail if
gerlred. P.AYMOXD. 1W3 Market st. room 4.
ATTOXtXKYS AT LAW.
AOHCE free: divorces a specialty :<juic"k. quiet ;
no tharse without success; established 16 yrts.
Open everln?s by appointment ;phoneJohn.31SL
G. W. HOMjK. Market St.. cor. Stockton.
It. _W. KING, attorney. Examiner building. 6th
*BS5a»«*11no»T--i»il i-asr-s: fees low; estates, collections.
t-tc. : conswltation tree; no advance fees; open
ADVIC: 7 , fr»e: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attarliment»; mortifaRes; bills o« sale; partner-
ships: deeds: wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
. cofrsfKl; opgn eve's. J.M.Thurston.813 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
'•V. Davidson, 1*27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L. S CLARK, Emilia Spreckels bids., 927 Mar-
V*t Ft.: ron5ultatlrin free: no fees in advance.
Hk:\*:i.ks — l*«ir Snip or Bscfciajcffi
XKW bicj'cles for children, nxen and women;
larpcft assortment on the Pacific Coast.
HAKER fc HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
KUOIvS — SEW AKD OLD.
FOR ertrclopical. occult, metaphysical books
go to 14^i< Market et. S. F". . .
I1CSIXESS CHAXCES.
A— $125; HRAN'CH bakery; good trade; 3
room?; rent $12. STRAND, 205) Kearny st.
A— &2(Mi; LiELICACY store; good trade; Sixth
*t. ; Sfooms; rent $lo. BTRAXD, 2C3 Kearny.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange businesses of
any kind. STRAND & CO.. 2C0 Kearny 6t.
A— 5S00; COFFEE ealoon In wholesale dis-
trict: rent ?oO: no Sunday or night work,
and c'carJne above $2C<- per month. Call R.
G. WIL1CE. 2C>/4 Kearny Et.
J35C— PARTNER * wanted; Markct-sL chop
houte'; ckars $1SO month; duties take cash
ar.il hi'lp generally; no experience; come
quick if ycu want a snap. BROWN, 1221
J-Iarket st. *
HEALY £z HEXtJERSOX. phone James 2771.
ii Kddy et.. rooms IS aad U*. *
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
Ftorc*. cigar ctcres, ranches, oil latsls, -leases. •
Ifoncy to loan on any of the above.
$32T. — PARTNER Tii chop house: $175 cash;
pay bal. cct of business. DECKER. 921 Mkt.
HEAL estate business established over 20 years,
clearing over ?«r>0 per month; owner wishes
to retire. For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market.
?C5!>— GROCERY and bar; 4 livingr rooms7~ln
Mission; good business; splendid location.
MILES & CO.. »2" Market St.. room 206.
GOOD paying restaurant; wbole or half Inter-
est for pale. DOXALD INVESTMENT CO..
I'D Market st. . . .
$175 V.'ILL buy a restaurant: good rushing lo-
cation; bargain. Call quick at McBRIDE &
OO.*S. 7C5 Market St.; phone 3133.
A — THIRTY cigar rtands that net ?2 SO to SS
_£iily. AFk C. L. HEDGES, 452 Parrott tldg.
$500— PARTNER wanted In profitable business;
ordinary business experience required; no
agents. Room 10, y^5 Market' et.
ROUTE for siJe— A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle tt., Santa
Cruz. Cal. ¦
A GOOD chance for a live man to go Into the
wood. coal, huy, grain and general com-
mission business In the lively city of, Peta-
luma; a large frontage on the water front,
vriih all the buildings.- -scales, - horses,
wcgorsp. etc., for doing a large business;
right !n center of the city, reasons of pell-
ir.p. other business. Apply' to GEO. W.
JOHNSON' fe CO.. Petaluma.
j-ifiO— RESTAURANT suitable for man and
•n-jfp; crof.d business; crust be Bold. Box 3154.
<'all efflt^. r
SALOON for etle cherfp; long lease; one of the
km paying saloons in the city: a few doors
from Call building. . Apply. 67 Third «t,
ESTABLISHED wholesale aad retail fruit and
produce business: good location; two teams.
Uox SCSg. Call office.
FOR Sale — A good planing mill in a- lumber
yard; located in a prowlng town. Address
P. O. box 4ZU, Hc-aldfburg, Cal. ' * ¦
FOR sale cheap: established dental office; best
location. Address A. P.; C. Oakland.. . ;
FOR SALE— First-class fruit asd vegetable
t-tore. Cail 557 Geary st.
BAKERY for sale: shop trade; over 2 barrels a
day. Dox 3C26, Cell.
CANDY store and factory with living room for
sale account illness. 2474 Mission st.
FOR SALE— EFtablif-hed undertaking business
In Oakland. Box Cl. Alameda. .
LODGIXG-HOtlSBS SALES. "
- A — NOTICE — Before buying a house call cr.
A. II. RETSLOFF.
OY1. John 031.)' OOfi Market >t.. cor. Ellia.
lMrxcF.t lift Lowest price Best terma.
ri rooms: Al- location; paj-ments ir'lOixi
x rooms; ju?t iiKted: gooi. ............ .'{(K)
1* room.*'; well' furnished;, bargain..... I2.V)
:^ rootnF.; olears $20<>:- exclusive sale.. 5000
10 rooms; liest in city; payments. .*...'. WU
Fine flnt for r<»nt. Apply at RETSLOFF'o.
A — NOTICE — \Ve have roominT-houres, '.all
rAz"f and priors, in all parts of the city; get
our list first^MlTCHELL & CO., 1 200 Markt.
A — WE buy, s?il or ' exchange lodging-house*
«tf any kind. STRAND &. CO.. 2(W Kearny.
JMBmM MMBMJM— fcm
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
co-nooM~HousE?' sii reTto clear ....... '.
. ...$300 EVERY MONTH. -PRICE $35uO....
Payments to suit. • DECKER, 1020 Market.
1S-11OOM HOUSE: RENT ONLY $50.....
Price Only $(i50 — Payments. ....'...
'_ Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200.-. ....$1000
10 rooms, -.downtown; clears $80;.;. ;... 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary...... IflOO
18 rocms: sunny corner ...',........ 1000
£2 rooms;. transient: clears $1CO.. 1250
I!3 rooms; clears S100 1150
100 rooms; clears S4C0... «000
CO rooms; clears $.'>50 "....". ...... 3G00
* 10 rooms: on Eddy st... 750
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 700.
A — • Near the Call building-.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
1 MARION*GRIFFIN. 71f) Market St., rms. 1-2.
. Money to loan on lodging-
' houses or . on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my offlce.
AH for sale on easy terms. "Please call.
21 r.: fine location: clears $115 mo... 51500
3G r. : f-rlendld. sunny corner that clears ?1S):J
. month: on account of sickness owner will
i r«ll for part cash or exchange for smaller
rooming-house or for real estate $400u
2> r.; low rent; clears about $00 month.. <00
10 r. : rent $35; clears $35. »00
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list. of bargains.* - ¦
— SPECIAL SALES
J01 r.; low rent, long lease: flrst-class. modern.
6 r.; modern flat: rent $40: elegant....... $C50
34 r. ; pri. board. ; lst-class loc. : clears $200.3;>OO
28 r.; rent $125; trans., perm.; clears JRO
24 r.;rent SST»; elegant fur., carp . 2.W
17 r.: rent $45; cor.; oak fur.: clears $100. 8oO
11 r.: Jones residence; nice home... 600
CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
A — NOTICE — All buyers of lodging-houses will
find it to their advantage to call upon us.
We have trreat many large and small houses
on our books and stand ready to Kive you
reliable information and help you with money
at low rate of interest WINSTON & WOLF.
1020 Market: "phone Jessie 2211; photograph
gallery entrance. .'.-¦"-¦
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. — We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying Investigate our list. -
A ROOMING-HOUSE, 17 rooms; rent $30; full
of men:. good location; cause sickness ; price
S350. 2SH Clay st.
, LODGIXG-IIOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Lodeing-house about 15 rooms:
central: low rent: »rice not to exceed $500.
Box 3025, Call. -
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous -materializ-
ing medium: spirits ppeak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun., 8 p.m.: 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c;
children specially invited free Ncwyear ev'g.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin anl
Gough; phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun..
Tues., Thurs., S:15 p. m.; readings. 10 to 5.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
; life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
I letter. ?2. 11C4 O'FarreU st. ; Ellis car.
j A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st. ; readings. 50c,
I $1; circle Tueg.. Thur.. Fri. night, 10c.
I A NEW Year's seance. 2:30 p. m.: 25c. MRS.
' WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Wed-
nesday eve.. 8 o'clock; 00c. 325 Etllsjt^
C V. MILLER'S New Year materializing se-
ancc to-day. 1 p. in.. 50c. 10S4 Bush et.
~~ -'CLAIRVOYANTS.
OXE DOLLAR! ..,..ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct frcm Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1002.
$1 00! $1 00! $1 00! $1 00!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells -whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the -man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception looms. 13. 14. first floor.' ¦••* • V
11O4 MARKET STREET — 11O4.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's. * "..
MME. M. BERNARD. .
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the paet. reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur, In the. fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, . discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45G9.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is located at 1208 Mar-
j ket Et, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
i 20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
i anteed by mail: send Ftamp for pamphlet
j with special terms. Daily and Sunday. '
' THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTSf~ ~~
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. C07
Kearny st., parlors 1, 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture- future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Cth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diatmoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
¦ u<?nts $1 ; ralm. and elalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
j ISTVTAR. tfce Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
i palm'ft permanently located 1148 Market, op-
: po?'l.e Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
i to 5 p. m. Sundays from 30 to 12 a. m.
I A— MISS M. WILLE, 32GA Ellis; clairvoyant.
! crystal wer: reads your life correctly -without
; ques.: full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana!
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna.st.. near 4th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 2Zc: gents 5Oc; readings daily. g2 Sixth.
MRS. XALLORT, 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c: G. 50c.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant: sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007 V4 Market.
MME. ZELLA. clairvoyant and card reader;
j 25c and 50c 783% Market et. ; bring this ad.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
I or no pay; 2T»c and 50c. J)« r >9 Folsora. cor. Cth.
MRS. MARY ANNliTJOHNSON, business me-
¦ dium, price $1..519U-Leavenworth st., S. F.
I MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME RAVENNA reads life .fluentlv; business
-advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
CARPET BEATING AKD CLEASfrKcT
WHEN"y6u become disgusted withjjjoor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer CSrpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
. 3c renovated, rclatd. 104 14th st.:te!.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.;, steam cleaning: laying: clean-
lng or. floor. Phone Mint 301; 023 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 2C*!.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning .Works.
' 333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East , 126.
CITY St»am Carpet-beating. Works. G~ hT
' STEVENS. Mgrr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaninc and Reno-
- vatlng Co.. 240 14th Ft.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyT«th
floor, 810 Market st.: advice free. Tel. Bush
104: able body of attorneys. - ¦ *
. . DEMISTS. ~~
A— DR. T.'sT^IGGINS,' 927 Market'stTEmina'
- Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-,
ings. $1 ; sold ; and porcelain crowns, r $5 up ;
plates, a full. set of teeth that look natural
' and guaranteed, $5 up. --•-.¦
PainlePS • extraction. -
' I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates; bridges
and fillings; extractions- or filling by, my
wonderful secret.' painless method; 20 years'
experience: no. students; advice; free; prices'
cheapest and jruaranteed;. lady, attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrcll st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
Iesslr:teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns.$:: 50 up; plates.- extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 0 a. m.' to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
fl to 2. J. W. : THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager!
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 soilings 50c:
plates $5. full set: all work rainless and war-
• ranted. Chicago Dental ; Parlors. : 24 * Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry: Jst-class prlces;,lst-
class results. W.C.HARDING.M.D.rdentlet
room 24. 14 McAllister st. -painless extraction.
PARIS Dentnl Parlors.' 2-15 Kearny. , cor.' Bush-— . •
: Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, 73; : flllings.ftOc.'
AT. Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy, st.— Wprk done
•on weekly Installments; lowest rates. ,
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday : " ?i'\S
¦¦, Morning Session. ' '
300 Belcher .."... 12 800 Occidental .... 09
200 Best & Belch .14 100 Ophlr 82
200 Mexican 3S 1200 Potosl 11
300 Mexican ; . . . . SQ 500 Savage ...... Ofi
200 Mexican ..... .u S00 Sierra Nev....' 1^
150 Mexican ..... 30 UOfl L'nion Con ... 1(J
200 Mexican ..... i'J 2C0 Yellow Jacket 09
Afternoon Session. > . '.
600 Alta ....:...... 07: 200 Mexican '. 35
100 Con Cal" & V.I «iT» 300 Ophir ....:... 84
COO Gould St. Cury 03. 200 Sierra Kev... 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
¦ TUESDAY, Dec. 31—4 p. m. ¦
V :; Bld.Ask~~~ Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... — . C2 Justice .: 06 07
Alta 05 07 Kentuok .... — u*_ r
Andes ....... 01 0V Lady Wash ..01 -
Belcher.. 11 lit Mexican ..... 3(1 .^i
Best & Belch. 13 U Occidental ... OS Oi) I
Bullion ...... 02 0M Ophlr 81 Rt
Caledonia ... 23 2-t Overman .... 00 " 10
Challenge Con 13 IS Potosl ....... 11 J2
Chollar ...... 0« Ot Savage 00 07
Confidence ... C6 W) Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I CO l^-SSeg Belcher.. 02 c:t
Con Imperial. — . 02 Sierra Nev... 10 20
Con New Yrk 01 -¦• Silver Hill.. . .38 S40 1
Crown Point. 03 04 St Louis . — . oi
Eureka Con..- 20 — Standard ....3 50- — I
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .....—. Of! j
Gould & Cury OH .10 Union Con ... 16 17
Hale & Nor... 14 ,1(5 Utah 05 '0T
Julia ......... — .'.01 Yellow Jacket /CO .;¦' 10
Morninff Session. ¦¦'¦'¦
500 Alta ,:....\.. 06 300 Crown Point. • 0.1
1200 Belcher "."...."" IV "000 Mexican .".".:. J/36
• 700 Best & Belch Vt 200 Occidental ... «.S
200 Chollar ...... 07 200 Ophlr ....... SJ
100 Con, Cal & V.I 6."> 1200 Sierra Nev... 18
.30 Con Cal & V.I 70 COO Union Con... ' 16
Afternoon Session., , ;
100 Caledonia ... '2i 400 Sierra Nev,... 13
200 Mexican 37 200 Silver Hill .. SS
. 400 Mexican ..... .86 200 Silver Hill : . . 39
200 Occidental... 0f> G00 Silver Hill. .40
100 Ophlr ;.....-. M 60 Standard ....3 CO
000 Potosl ....... 12 12OO UnJon Con : . 16
The following were the . sales on the* San
Francisco Stock sand Exchange Board yester
day: ¦ \ . ,-.-- ¦-,.,- ...
MINING STOCKS.
3000 Cala-Standard ' 32
30 Kern '. 8 2»
10OO Monarch of Arizona 2t
500 Occidental of W Va. b 30 *!
20 Peerless. ...............:. 1 5 00
Af ternoort Session.
2000 Cala-Standard. « 90.. 82
1000 Cala-Standard. s CO 32
• Street —
2000 Cala-Standard ........;......... 31
5000 Cala-Standard, b 30. ......'.....; 32
. PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. : !
Morning Session.'
Board — ¦
1000 Cala-Standard. b 30. ... SI
1600 Cd la-Standard : ..;.....¦.'...:;...— 31
60 Home ..;.......'. 3 40 •
110 Home 3 45
300 Monarch of Arizona, b 00 ¦> 22
300 Monarch of Arizona .21
200 Monarch of Arizona..... 22
BOO Occidental .of W Va 22
BOO Occidental of W.Va. ............/ 21
380 Petroleum Center ............... 03
500 Superior ..;............. ;. 07 :
25 Thirty-three /.......... 725
50 Thirty-three ..:'....;:..;;..-..... 7 00
. r '•! Afternoon Sessloa
Board—' \ ' •
5 Alaska Packers' Asen. 173 00 v
5 Giant Powder Con. ............... 81 50
-¦5 Hawaiian Com and Sugar. ....... 34 (XV,
% 15, S K Gas and Electric Co 41 62^j
30 S F Oas and Electric Co 41» 5O
10 S F Gas and Electric Co........ 41 25 ¦
¦'. I 5 S F Gas and Electric Co.:...... 41 12%
15 S F Gas and Electric Co 41 00
$6000 S P of Cal Cs (1S05. Ser A).....lO8 00 '
$3000 S P at Cal Cs (1906) 110 75
. Street — . , . —•' * -
25 Cal Wine Asen »3 25
$5000 Spring Valley 4s, 3d ' mtg ,101 00
,H CAS 8%s. — — Sac EGR 5s. — 97%
. Do 5s ¦:.-.:. 99Vi 99% SF & SJV5s.l21%123i6
! I* Ang R Bs.118 -»'—.: Sierra Cal 6» — . . —
LALght 68.101% — r 8 p of Ar 6t - ' ¦
Do gtd 68.100 —"' > U909) \ . . .113% —
Do gtd 5s. — lOtt (1910) ..'•: —
L, A & P 6s. 99 ; — S Pof Cal 8b # ¦¦'
Do lem 58.101' 103 <1905)Sr A.107%108%
Mkt-st C Cs.128 = — ; '': (190B)Sr B.108% — • '
•Do lem 6s.— " (1906)' ....110U111 ;
N R Cal 6s. .112% — • (1912) ....120 —
Do 5s '.:.".. 121 Vi — . SIP.Cal ;lsr --^^ ,: : I
NPacC 6s. 107^4 — cgntd 6s. 110 rr •
N'Cal.R 6s.ll2%113^4 S P BrCal6B.136i4 —
Oak Gas 6s. .118*4115 S V Wat 6s.lll%112
Oak Trans 0«124 124^ Do 4s . . .. .102% — • :
Do Ist,c5slllll2 . Do 4s 3d ml01 N 10l%
Oak W g 68.106 . — Stktn Gas 6s.lO2 ; 106 ,
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 75 I Port Costa.. 63% 66 :
MarinCo ... 68 — I Spring Val.. 86 87
; " '.-¦•;. i , 'GAS- AND. ELECTRIC.'.} . -
Cent L'& V. 2% 2% Pac Light. ..45 — -
Eqt G L Co. 8% 3% Sacramento . — 35
Mutual ..:..— 6% 3 F G & E.. 40% 41 ,
O G L & H. 61% — San Fran.... 5% —
Pac Gas Imp — 40% Stktn G & E 8 —
. < > INSURANCE. . . ¦ '
Firm's Fnd.245 , 260 / -
':¦ . BANKS. . : - ' ¦• .•
Anglo-Cal .. 79% "— L P A' A. . . .162 -, 169
California ..419 427% Mer Ez.(U4) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.111% — S F Nationl.l35 v —
First Natnf.325/ 850 ¦
• ¦ SAVINGS BANKS., ; , :
German ..'.1940 — Sav& Loan. — ' 90 •
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav315 — .
Mutual SftV.; 66 — - Union Trst. 1800 — .
S F^Sav U/.525- — : • -
. V : - STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 . — (Market . 89% 90^4
Geary ...... — ., 50^1 Presidio .... 36% r
. POWDER.
Giant : w . . . . 80 '• 82 \ Vlgoflt .';...— »
, . SUGAR.
Hana ........ 3% — tKilauea' .... — ' 12
Hawaiian . . 33% 37% Makawell ..25: — .
Honokaa... 10 10% Onomea .... 22 .—
Hutchinson . 1414 15 IPaauhau 10 — _•
MISCELLANEOUS.',
Alaska Packl73% — :' Oceanic S C. 37 44
Cal Fruit Aa — 98% Pac A F A. 2% — r
Cal Wine As 94 96 Pac C Borx.165 . . -* ,
Mer Exchge.110 — ., Par Paint .. 15 —
'"- ' '-¦ :¦¦¦ ' Morning Session. w
>; Board — - ¦ ¦ '. ' .„.-,'
lOO.Alaska Packers' Assn ••• 1 '1 ?2 •
5 Honokaa S Co (cash). 10 CO :
98 Market-st Railway. •....:........ 90 00
10 S F Gaa and Electric Co:....... 41 S7%
$20,000 Spring Valley 4s, 3d mtg. ..'... 101 00 j
$300 United States 3s, coup (cash).... 108 S«ij
¦ Street—— t - •¦ . ; ¦ • • ' ¦ :
52000 Eay Counties Power Co Os (cash)ios 23 -
CALL CALENDAR.
January,; 1892.
. John Ivan,« indicted by gg the Federal
Grand Jury f 6r robbing , the mails : on a
stage coach near Ukiah on December ,'21,
was held to" answer yesterday by United
States Court Commissioner Heaeock. His
bonds were fixed' at : <10,000. After '. Ivan
had been taken to the County Jail. he dis
played symptoms of insanity and the at
tendants were obliged , to put him into ; a
straitjacket ¦; and sent ¦'.. him to . the Cen
tral .. Emergency He has .-an
nounced his j intention- of pleading - guilty
when brought before the District Court. .
Stage Bobber Ivan Held:
¦THE'-SAN^FRA^
Continued , From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
11
"•
X. 1 •»».
»til
IMnon'gPhageg
,5
12,
19
— '
7^
13
20
14; ;15;
28 29,
-
~»"
10
m
„¦
m
17-
ill;
18 :
25
rv January 1,
• Lagf Qr.:i
©January i).
New Moon.
-m Janu'ry 10, ?
Jr First Qr.
©Janu'ry. 23,
FnU Moon.
(R- Janu'ry 31,
**£- Last Qr. v
20
27
30
31
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1400— HOUSE of 5 rooms; lot 50x120; "only 1
block from station : a snap. •
JOS. J. MASON;
' • Verkeley Station.
$1800— HOUSE of 6 rooms. and bath; 2 bloclta
from station; on the eunny side of street:
JOS. J. MASON, .
.;.;. . ' Berkeley. Station. :
$5500 — HOUSE of fe rooms, thoroughly modern;
one block from U. C sxounds and east of
Telesraph ave. JOS. J. MASON,
¦ j Berkeley Station. ¦
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITY'.* LE FURNISHED HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
¦Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote* etc.: ornamental crounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from - Oakland or one
hour frcrm S. F. ; rent $35 a month; 'price
*4O00. _Vpp!y J. R. FREUD. Mills building.
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
oakdn:i ..MRTisora
O7.-FICE— iilS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. \l ''• / •' ¦- j
$1000 — BIG bargain; coiy 5-roomed cottage
¦with porcelain sink and hot water - boiler;
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
-work all done. Including stone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for quick
sale tp v b03C'23J'8. Call office, Oakland.
S. M. . JgE & SON,
•*¦* 1160 Broadway. Oakland.
: $3250 — Something extra nice in the way of a
i modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
] land out toward Berkeley; lot £0x125; 7 rpems
i and bath. Call and let us show you this. . .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any" address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAK LAND COTTAGES TO i LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larg»
•corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated: choice locality; will rer't
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric- cars, corner. ¦Washington and
Eighth sts.. come within. 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
An Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The, 1773 Market — Two or three sunny,
housekeeping suites; gas range; $15 and $20.
BRADY. 39, off Market— 2 sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; $5 and $S; private.
FIFTH, 353—3 furnished* housekeeping. $12; 3.
connecting, 2 beds, $15; also single, $5 to $7.
FULTON, 671 — 3 rooms furnished complete for
housekpg.; rent $15; front & back entrance.
HYDE. 143 — Housekeeping, bath and gas; aUo
other rooms; sunny.
JONES, 614 — Large .sunny newly furnished
front basement room, with use of kitchen and
laundry; will be vacant by Jan. 15; rent $1(5.
KEARNY. C24 — Large elegantly furnished
front rooms with bay-windows; also kitchen-
for housekeeping ; rent reasonable.
POST, 9C2 — Suite of 3 rooms, ?23; single rooms
from $7 to $15.
TO REXT— Two small rooms with kitchen to
ladies employed during the day; ten minutes
from Market st.; north side; $12; references.
j Box 3164, Call of nee. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. •
K.OO31S TO L12T Fnrn. nn<l Unfiiru.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny: grill attached ;, 75c day upward; rates
" by week or month ; McAllister cars to door.
X— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
S5c to 71 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
tight housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
AT 410 O'Farrell st. — Xeatly furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite or single.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur- i
olsbed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished, i
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210 — Elegant tunny suite; single and
double rooms; travelers solicited; quiet house.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
. 35c. $1 50 night: $1 B0. $0 wk. ; open all night.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms
U let. I __^__
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarr-) — Elegantly furnl»h-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1527— Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
HAYES, 671 — Nice front room without board in
private family; terms reasonable.
MINNA. C67, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fu£
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator; elec. lights;. day, week, mo.
SACRAMENTO. 1C33, . near Polk — Front suite
suitable for two gents; running water and
fireplace; modern.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
EUTTER. "20% (The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to <7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR, B15B — Bay-window parlor, piano,
grate, $16; large sunny room, water, phone,
bath. $12.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦"¦¦¦• ' '
ROOMS ,«D BOARD. '
HOTEL Dennis ton, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt" ; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $30; single rooms
with board, $22 60 up; excellent table.
CAPP, 633 — Two large connecting rooms, with
board, in private family; grate, bath. •
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select ;
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates, j
LARGE, eunny front room. alRo small one;
board; private family. 1016 Ellis st. -
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.' .
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments: conv.; 2 to 6 gents; be<-t table board..
CHEAPEST and b€Et in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. - ¦ • - '
— RtJPTPRE S AN IT AR I CBI. v
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1200 Market st,; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture/
- • SPECIAL KOTICES. ' t- f,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..rooms 9-10;tel.55S0.
A WEEK'S news for li cents — The Weekly Call.
¦ 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year. I
KCWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest ratea. Tel. Black 1124. 203 4th.-
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
_ pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.'
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co-
office Post and Powell sU.; tel. Main' 5713. j
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-*]
slon at: tel. Howard 94L F. W> ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving , Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281. •
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.'
GREAT BARG^NsTN^^P^^T"ERs"-^We
, - sell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the c!ty; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
' WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
i -typewriter doctors -.estimate free. 2OTSansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMKNTii.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal •_ Bureau," consulta-
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not . required to go Into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
" The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . ¦). . ¦¦ . - ".
' Richard P. Brown, 32, Ban Quentin, and May
Thompson, 10. San Rafael. ,
Ennis ¦ C. Hightower. 23,'» 1106 Tennessee
street, and Maud Maddox, 29, ' Davltvllle.
Laurltz H. Andersen, 23, 3984 Nineteenth
street, and Sophie Hansen. 22, 2476 Market.
Halleck Bromley, 31, ' 1702 Foleom street,
and Lulu A. Lucky, 1», 119 Fourteenth street.
George H. Buck, 21, Redwood City, and Llz-
xle M. Flt2patrlck, 21, Redwood ' City. ,
j Harry L. Cohn, 22, 637 V*. Natoma street,
and Bessie ¦ P. Schwartz, 20. ¦ 2023 Pine street.
Jpseph Nachbauer. 28. St. . Helena, and So-
phia Fabian, 10, 238% To wnsend etreet. >
Robert W. RQbertson, 21. New Westminster,
B. C. and Edna A. Price. 21. 2224 Grove.
./-William A. RemsperEer. 24. 2394 Howard
street, and Dora Bode, 22, Oakland.-
Bernard Neyt. 37, 424 Fulton street, , and
Emilie de Marlie, 32, 2033 Fifteenth avenue.
George D. Luke, 26, 46 South Park, and
Gertrude M. L. Cook, 21, 114A West Mission.
Michael Normanly, 35, Lo» . Angeles," and
Annie J. Gallacher, 28, city.
William J/ Herring, 29. 264 Clinton! Park,
and Maude A. Reulein. 18, 1147 Florida etreet.
••• Mark • M. i Collier. 65, Roxbury, > Kant.,', and
Ruth Grindle, 40, 2133 Mission street.
William J.- Haas, 26. city, and Lena M.
Welfhtimer. 22, city. » :
Robert M. Healey, 26, 782 Fulton street,
and Natalie H. Scharowsky, 24. 428 Post St.
Henry Ahlft, 41, city, and Louisa Schmidt,
24. city.
Elmer D. Miller, 23.' 43 Shipley street, and
Nellie E. Henney, 18,-822 Howard street.
James Tevnan, .12. Fowler, Cal.. and Mar-
Igraret O'Connor, 22, 2327 Filbert street.
Charles Slitfmons, 34. 6G6 Eureka street, and
Lulu V. Huck. 24. 1029 Noe ovenue.
Henry G. Klusmann. 20, Cucamonsra, and
Olga E. Forster. 10. 417 Twenty-weventh St.
James E. Parmelee, 21. 2068 Mission street,
and Lucy M. Quinton. 18, 10 Chattanooffa st.
Ole C. Olsen. 31. t536 Sacramento street, ami
Katie Klsel." 31, 030 Sacramento street.
Guy D. ' Claflin. 21, 2005 : Baker ' street, and
Jennie Gordon. .18. 320 Thirteenth street.
' John J. Moonev. 21, Vlsalla, and Hortense
Keane. 18, 1167 Shotwell street. _
Theodore G. A. Hunzlker, 41, 1755 Mission
street, and Katherina HugRler. 34, 1755 MIs-
Klon street. '.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
I mail will not be inserted. They must' be handed
[ in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ;
BORN.
BARTH— In Alameda. December 31, 1901, to
the wife of Hermann Berth, a daughter.
CUNARD— December 20, 1901, to the wife of-
George W. Gunard, a daughter.
KEIXT — In this city. December 14, 1901. to
the' wife of Peter Kelly Jr., a daughter.^'
MORRICE — In this city. December 20. 1001, to
. the wife of Charles Morrlce, a son.
O'NEIL— In this city. -December 18. 1901, to
the wife of L. O'Neil, a son.
OWENS— In this city. November 22, 1001, to
the -.vife of Daniel Owens, a son.
MAHKIED.
KERRIGAN— KEEGAN— In this city, Decem-
ber 24, -15)01, at St. Joseph's Church, by the
Rev. Father Keane, Frank W. Kerrigan and
Monica M. Keegan. • ' •
SHEERIN-— WOERNKR — In this city, Decem-
ber 2«, lt>01, at St. Dominic's Church, by. the
Rev. T. C. Clancy, O. P., Denis C. Sheerin
and Tereae H. Woerner.
WELK— NORIEGA— In . this city, September
4, 1001. by the Rev. P. J. Cummings. at
St. Patrick's Church, Hugo Welk and Lena
Noriega, both of San Francisco. ¦' . '
~ DIED.
Bailey, Oliver S. Martin, Mrs.Sephonla
Bloch, DavM Mahoney, John T.
, Brokaw. Abraham Nedderson. Marie
Bprtman, Edwin F. O'Brien, Myrtle -
Brennan, Michael "Pearson. Caot. J. P.
' - Cooper, George W. Rasmussen. Carl •
t ' Clifford. John Rudgear, Ignatius
I Duarte. Jennie Schmidt. Adolph F.
I Dowd, Esther A. Sombrano, Jesus
I Feder, Samuel Schubel, Amalia ?
; Gray, Dorothea H. Strohmeier, Creszen-
! Gosgin, Hanorah . tia ¦
i Gould. Major XV. O. Tobln. Walter I.
i Holland, Marie E. Tormey, John C. ¦ ' ¦
Hanell, Frledreka i Wear, Ernest A.
I ' Kane, John Wing, William A.
I Lee, Thomas . Wren, Mary
! Luddy, Thomas White, Ada A.
j McDonald, Dora
j 13AILEY — In this city. December 30, ' 1901,
Oliver S., beloved husband of Rosa Bailey,
I a native of Vermont, aged 50 years.
ICThe funeral sen-Ices .will be held to-
morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. U+ti Mission street.
Interment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery. . ¦
BLOCH — In this city, December 31*. -1901. Da-
vid, beloved husband of Rosalia Bloch. ami
father of Helen and Nettle Bloch and Mrs. ¦
;, Bertha Mollnari. a native .of -'Austria,'- used
i • .07 yearn 10 months and 20 days. ' -
BROKAW— In this city, December 31, 1001,
. Abraham Brokaw. father ¦ of Mrs. J. B.
Crews, William H. Brokaw of Trenton. !>..-
J., Edwin A. Brokaw, Mrs. I. McClure, Mrs.
W. C. Cornell and Mrs. A. C. Brown, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 84 years and 2
months. ; .
BARTMAN — In this city, December 31. 1901,
• Edwin F. -Bartman, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. A.- Bartman, and brother of Emil, Hor-
tense and Antoinette Bartman. a native of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 7 months and
8 days. . . ¦ .-
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thursday). at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 632. Chestnut street,
thence to St. Francis Church, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BRENNAN — In this city, .December 31, 1901,
Michael Brennan. beloved uncle of Mrs. 'A.
Sprlnrett, Mrs. J. Halloran and Kate and
Timothy Fitzgerald, a native of the parish
of Roscarbery, County Cork,. Ireland, aged
C6 years.
IC^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his nephew, 2146 Mission, street,
thenco to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Hoiv Cross Cemetery.
COOPER — At Nome. August 27, 1901, George
W. Cooper, beloved husband of Rena Cooper,
aged 30 years. \ . : ,
CLIFFORD — A month's mind requiem high
mass, commencing at 8 o'clock, will be, cele-
brated at St. Patrick's Church, to-morrow
(Thursday), for the repose of the soul of the
. late John Clifford. Friends are invited - to
" attend. . .' . •
DUARTE — In Los Ansre'es, Jennie, beloved
wife of Joseph Duarte, and daughter of W.
W. and Rebecca Dalmas, a native of Aile-.
• gheny City, Pa., aged 23 years. ' • '
- By Funeral private. Remains at Porter &
White's undertaking parlors, 122 Eddy street.
DOWD — A solemn requiem month's mind mass
will' be celebrated to-morrow (Thursday), ¦ at
9 o'clock, at St. Peter'a Church, corner of
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, for the
repoiKe of the foul of the late Esther . A.
Dowd. Friends and acquaintances are in-
vited to attend.
FEDER — In this city. December 29. 1001,
Samuel, beloved husband of Matilda Feder,
and father of Mrs. A. W_Hcxter of Marys
ville, Mrs. Jaque Mayer or Berlin, Germany,
Mrs. Slg. Cahen and Adailna, Anita j and Mil-
ton- Feder.' a native of Prussia, aged 63
years. - ¦
(CTFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
•(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1224 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment private at Home • of Peace Cemetery,
by soecial train leavlnu Third and Town-
send streets at 10:40 o'clock. Please omit
flowers. .. -' .
THE officers and members of the First He-
brew Benevolent Society are respectfully re-
luested to attend • t>«; funeral of our late
member, S. Feder, this day (Wednesday), at
9:30 o'clock, :from . his «late residence, 1221
Golden Gate avenue. By order. •
S. ZEKIND, Secretary.'
GRAY — In this' city, December 31, 1901, Doro-
thea H... beloved wife of William J. Gray,
and mother of William W. and Bertha H.
Gray, Mrs. John Elliott and the late Dr.
R. F. Gray, a native of Ireland, aged 68
years 4 months and 16 days. - .
[ETTriends are Invited to attend the i fu-
neral . services to-morrow (Thursday), . at ¦ 2
o'clock, at. her lato residence, 2506 California
street. Interment Laurel Hill .; Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. ' '¦¦' ¦. ; • ' ¦•'...
GOGGIN — In ' this city, December 30, . 1901,
Hanorah Goeeln, a native of County Clare,
Ireland. ¦••¦-•• ¦¦.".'¦
(CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
,-lors of J. C. , O'Connor & Co.', .767 .Mission
HENRY J. GALL AGHER.CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, MsT.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
, 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. > -:, ,\ . .
Mt. ¦ Olivet Cemetery;
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
CFF.CB 916 MARKET. STREET.
¦ '*'¦;.'-': * '¦*-.¦ J..HENDEP.SON. 'Manager. .
UNITED^UNDERTAB^Rsll
¦I ~\>27 and 29 Fifth St.- Tel. South 187 1
FUNERAL DI HECTORS AND EM BALM ERS. f j
I Finest Equipment -at .; Moderate -K^t**. M \
jambs McGinn; |
Formerly with '. McGinn; Bros., .- has .. opened
new Funeral Parlors at. 214 Eddy at., bet
Taylor ..and Jones. . Telephone , South 676. '
NEW FIRM OF, UNDERTAKERS.:;
• 'Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
.the United Undertakers' Association; M. J. i
¦McBrearty,' with-the same company for. 18
years; P. F. Green,' late with J. 'C. , O'Con-
nor . & ; Co. v*. have opened new Funeral I Par-
lors at 1171 Mission ttrcet, between Seventh
and Eighth. .-; Telephone South 44. . •
ItCAL ESTATE CITV FOB SAI.S.'-
AT AUCTION!
By order of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco, executor of the Van Den Berg es-
tate.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 7, 1902. 12 O'Clock M.
AT SALESROOM.
A. 3. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery Street.
Sixth st.. northeasterly line, 175 feet t»outh-
•asterly from Bryant st.. Nos. 533 to 549 —
Stores and lodpinp-house above; lot 100x30:
rent per month. 5131. • *. :. ¦
Howard et., southeasterly line, 37:6 feet
northeasterly from Moss Bt., bet. Sixth and
Seventh — Two etoree and flat above; 1061 and
1063; lot 27:6x100; rent $67 50 per month.
Eighth et., northeasterly line. 245 feet south-
easterly from Folsom St.. No. 321— Old Im-
provements; lot 30x120.
A. J. RICH & CO.. Auctioneers.
EE
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents, •
112 Montgomery St.
f 160,000— A m-and factory site, with buildings
cf brick; 400,000 square feet.
$150,000 — Post «.: larte corner: 3 frontages;
new modern building; pays tSiOO per
annum: gilt-edge Investment.
175.000— A corner on Sutter Bt.: 70x137:6;
pays $42r>0 per annum; well-improved
store and flats.
143.500 — Sutter «t,: NE. corner; 50x60; pays j
S275 per month; can be Increased to j
?3O0 per month. I
$12,600 — Stockton Bt., nr. Union BQuare; pays
$2400 per annum: can be Increasedi
4-story brick building.
£27,500 — Polk at.; fine business investment:
pays well; 78 feet frontage; etores
sni flats; never vacant. - -
$55,000 — Fine downtown Investment; brick
building; C9 feet west from Kearny
et-; lot 48:9x83:6; 3-story brick
bulldlns; pays under lease $2400 per
$55,000 — Seventh et. near Market: a Rood In-
vestment for present and. future.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
¦ 112 Montgomery Bt.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKKT STREET
GILT EDGE INVESTMENT.
$28,000— Three modern flats, 8, 8, » rooms and
[, bath and & rear house: north of Mar-
ket st. and only three blocks from
. ¦ - • Powell and Market: rents $2000 per
annum; could be easily increased 20
per cent; lot 25x137:6.
ELEGANT "WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$8,000 — Two new modern up-to-date flats of 6.
7 rooms and bath: Just finishec": on
the north side of Clay Bt.. near the
Devlsadero-street cars: rente $900 per
/ «mrara; this is one of the best buys
la the market; lot 25x127 :8«
park panhandle residence.
$S,5O0 — Elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath; on your own terms: halt
block from Park: cost over $9000; on
Lyon et.; lot 25x91:2 leet.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$5,000 — Five flats of 4, 5 rooms In fln=t-ciaBs
condition: near Sixth and Howard
ets. : these fiats are always rented and
pay $600 per annum; lot 25x75 feet.
LAXGTOX-STREET INVESTMENT. *-
$^000— Two choice well-built honses of 5
rooms each: rents $336 per annum:
lot 25x75 feet.
CHEAP LOTS.
$5,000 — Bash et., near FVanltHn; 25xl2C to
rear Etreet; elegant Bite for flats.
$1,200 — Carl rt., near 8Unyan; lot 25x94 feet.
51,000 — Staayan Bt., near 17th; lot 25x100 ft,
$2.100 — Xorth side of Green et.. near Laguna;
25xlOO.
$300 each — Crescent ave., near Mission road;
level end ready for founding.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' m 638 Market street.
JJ. A. MU'ITI .K. Crocker bids., room 189.
$70,000 — Cth Et., corner; 82x103; pays 0 per
cent.
$60,000— New brick building: rent $300 a
month: wholesale store.
$60.000 — Warehouse: rent $300 a month; 70x
120; corner.
FGO.OCO — A clioice Market-et. piece; must be
Bold in 10 days.
$25,000—60x115; inside of Van Ness avenue
and Post at.
$25,000 — Corner: mnnnfactcrlng district; lOOx
150; p&ya 6 per cent.
$65.000 — 70-foot front; Inside; rent $400.
$10.000 — 8 decant new flats; Western Addi-
tion: rent $100 a month.
$7500 — 3 new fiats; Western Addition; rent
$S50 a year: a fire bargain.
f 15,000 — Elejaat new flat*; corner; rent $140.
$16,000— Corner: stores ; rent $115; fine piece
Cf i)iuix*ity; 60x75. .
Jlortcs-re eaSe; 10-foom house; lot 60x100;
cost $9000; possibly $5000 would buy; offer
wanted.
$1500— Lot. Presidio Heights; 25x106.
AETOR. the millionaire, waa called a foot
Why? Because be bougfct lota near Central
Park, N. T-. for $100; now worth $20,000;
history repeats Itself.
I to offerlsr $100 lots near Golden Gate
Park. Sunset District, at $10 down. $1
monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
A BARGAIN AT THE MISSION.
$2100— $500 cash, balance $20 monthly; 1035
Xm et.. near Twenty-fourth; a pretty bay-
window cott&g-a containing 5 rooms and bath;
also 2 additional rooms in basement; drive-
way and room for a stable.
LTON & HOAO. 114 Montgomery st-
E0USES of every description and price for sale
or rent Apply to W, E BARNARD. 1113
Bro&gwayi telephone Main 10.
XT' yon wast a horn* we will bay a. lot and
bund yon a house on monthly payments.
Pacific Home Building Co., 89 Nevada Block. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
TJnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
EEAL ESTATE— CODXTRY For Sale
Z^-FOR~SALE NEAR'sAN FRANCISCO) — -
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma, Co. : future value assured, aa
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly;- location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California et., for pam-
phlets and Information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, 6 Eddy si.
POULTRY and dairy rancho f or male; write for
free list. C. R, WINFIELD. Petaluma, CaL
A WEEK'S new» for 5 centa — The Weekly Cal!
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
poiy^mccraioyp real estate.
HOUSES, business blocks and lots in all parts
of Point Richmond. CaL AKDREW PRICE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AXAJfEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; Vj cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$900— $200 CASH, balance $15 per month; 7
i rooms; lot 60x100; good well and tank; dog
mill; large barn and chicken bouse, etc. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$600— $50 CASH, balance $10 per month; lot 50
xlSO; well and tank; two blocks to can. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$1500— $100- DOWN, balance $15 per" month; 5
large rooms; 2 bay-windows; brick founda-
tion; basement done' off; bank loaned {1800
on this place; 2 blocks to cars. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. ¦ ¦
' $2000 — NEW 6-room cottaee; lot 45x100; two
blocks to school and cars; store, churches,
etc; $200 down, balance $20 per month;
porcelain bath, tiled sink, fine mantel, sta-
tionary tube, sideboard, gas fixtures, tinted
walls; sewer and water all connected; see
come of the new bouses we are building. W
C. MORAJC & CO. T/
$5000—8 ROOMS; lot 100x135; etreet work all
done: must be Bold at once. W. C. MORAN
& CO., Lorln station and Schmidt block,
Berkeley.
*-ROOM cottage, well and mill; street '. -
work done $950
Small house & large lot on Addison et. $1200
• Nice cottage on Grove st $2000
C-room cottage in Soenie Park......... $2100
-> 8-room bouse; street work done - $2200
" 7-room house, large lot, near cars...... $2700
10-room house In North Berkeley $3700
I -room souse, south of university $4000
MAY & MORTIMER.
Real Estate Dealers,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
ADVEBTISEMENTa -
24th Semi- Annual Statement
— — OF THE- « •
Mutual Savings BanK
o! San Francisco. - .
No. 3 POST STREET; v
Capital Stock Subscribed $1,000,000
Ol which has been paid In Gold = * „
Coin ... ..v,... y ...- ............ 300.000
STATEMENT OF . THE CONDITION AND
value of the Assets and - Liabilities of the
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK of San Francisco,
a corporation doing business at 33 Post street.
City, of San Francisco. State of California, and
where said assets were situated on December
Bank premises ..'» $382,610 66
Real estate taken for debt....... 78.494 91
United States bonds V. .'..."' CS5.126 35
'These bonds ar* owned and con- . . . *
f trolled by this corporation, and
are kept In the vaults of . the
National Bank of Commerce in
.New York City, and the safe
deposit vaults of the First Na-
tional Bank of San Fran-
cisco.) . " •
! Miscellaneous bonds 1,580,882 "1
Promissory notes secured by first; v
: mortgage on real estate within
this- State, Portland, Or., and .
Spokane, Wash.' The actual
value of said promissory notes Is. 2,672,681 24
Bonds and shares of capital stock
of corporation - upon which this o
corporation has advanced ....... 157,426 00
(All said promissory notes, bonds
and stock certificates are kept - •
In the vaults of this corpora- £-]¦
¦ tlon and In safe, deposit boxes
In the deposit vault department . -
of the First National Bank of •-:'..
'• San. Francisco.)
• Cash In gold, silver and currency,
the actual value of which Is: ¦•'¦ r- ¦ , . • ••
In vault SS4.233 81
In banks 440,326 84—^333,562 65
Taxes paid In advance ...*......'.. ' 3,837 60
Total assets ................ 46,074,622 32
". ; ' LIABILITIES. -
To depositors this corporation owes - - - ;.- . -'
. deposits amounting to and the . l
actual cash value of which is... 5,619,592 68
To stockholders the amount of cap- 1
' ital paid in. the actual value of- •,--¦*...••
which is .......' , • 300.000 00
Surplus ...". 110,000 00
> (The condition of said liability '
to stockholders la that no part
of the amount can be paid to
them,' or In .any way with-/;/;
• drawn, except • In' payment o ¦'¦
losses during the existence n' ''. .:
the Corporation, nor until dc-. .
-posltors shall have been pai-.
In full the amount of their de- -
- posits and declared dividends.)
Contingent fund, exclusive of ae- '
crued but uncollected Interest on ¦ •
. Investments 45,020 74
Total liabilities ......... :;..:$6,074,622 32
KUTUAL SAVIN3S PANK cf San Francisco,
By 3AUEH T>. PHELAN, President.
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
State of California, - City and County of San
.' Franrisco — ts. '
, We do solemnly swear that we have (and
each of us has) a personal knowledge. of ths
matters contained In the foregoing report, and
that every allegation, statement, matter and
thins therein contained is true, to the best of
our knowledge and belief. . . . ¦«;¦<»
JAMES t>. PHELAN, President.
GEO. A.. STOST. Secretarv. .
• Subscribed and sworn to before 'me this
31st day of'Deceffiber, 1901. _'\ *
r., d. Mcelroy,
Notary Public In and for 'the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
OCEAN ;' TRAVEL.-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. -
' i Steamers leave Broadway
•a^. Wnarf, San Krsfnc<«co: I
HaESte*. ; For Alaskan ports — 11 a.
WB!*%>«w m.. Jan - J - 6 - "• 16 - 21 - 20>
E^^^n, 31. Feb. 5. Chans-e to com-
; EaiW8H\ %% pony's steamers at Seattle.
foaSfi*5ir*y For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
favSjxr^gi^l C-). Port Townse&d, Seattle,
' *"' •!«» Tacoma." Everett and New
T*^^ Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Jan. 1. 6, 11, *1C,* 21, 26, 31. Feb. 6. Change
at Seattle to 'this -.company's steamers for
Alaska- enti G. N. Ry.; at. Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P.' Ry.: at Vancouver to C'P. Ry.
For -Eureka (Humbotdt Bay) — 1:30 -v. tn..
Jan. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1. "
. For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loi An-
jtfl^—Stoamer Santa Rosa. Sundays^ 1 © a. m.
Stenmer Slate of Cal.. Wednesdays 8 a. m.
For Ix)» Angreles. calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterf y. San Simeon Cayucos. Port Harford
«San Luis Obispo). (Gnviota. Bonlta only).
S-anta Barbara. Ventura. Haenetne. East San
Pedro, San Pedro. (Newport, Bonlta only).
For Er.senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabov Mazatlan, Altata. Ln.Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia *nd Guaymas <Mt*.)— 10 a., m.. 7th of each
month.
«For further. Information obtain th« com-
mit ny'» folder*.. -• ' ' •
- The company reserves .the right to change
Fteamtrs. railing days and hours , Of sailing
without pfevlows notice.
UTICKKT OKFICE — I New Montgomery
r.tr«x"t fPalpre Hotel). ' • • ' :
. GOODALL. Pi:nKINS & CO.. Oen. Accents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Excursion Rates
, Ports in Mexico.
A nelUhtful Winter. Trip. - Only $«0. lnclud-
inir Meal* and Berth. Pacifl; Coast Steamship
Tompany's Steamer Curtcao. sailing from San
Frandscd January 7th.' due back January 27lh.
will call at the following Mexican ports: En-
penada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cfabo.-
Mazatlan. Altata. I^i Pas. Santa ' Rosalia an>)
Cluaymns. -' , ., . > • . j
For further parlleulars inquire at Ticket [
Of fi(?», ' Xo, 4 New Montgomery ' St., or No. 10 j
Market St.. -S«»n Francisco. . ' .. !
toOWIAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE. WHARF. COR-
per First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (IIIoko). Nacarakr and Shanghai and
ron^ectlng at HonKkone with steamers tor
India. He. No cargo received on board on
day of satllnr. \ " a • '¦
SS.> AMERICA MARU. ........... ..... . . . . "
- ............... Saturday. January 4th, 1902
SS. HONOKOXO MARU
' j ............. Thursdar. January 30tb. 1903
S3. NIPPON MARU
...Tuesday, February 25th, .1903
- Round-trtp , tlrkets nt reduced rates. For
frclpht »nd- passage- apply Rt company's offlee.
421 Market ftrerr, corner First." ¦ '
, _ W. H. AVERT. Oenerat Agent.
PACIfIC STEAM NAV1BATI0H CO,
And Cin ShI Americana de Vapores
; .To' Valparaiso, - stopping at Mexican. - Central
land South American* ports. Sailing from How-
trd 3. rl«f 10, 12 m ' .. .
!»ANTlAOO.....Jan.- i* GUATEMALA. Feb. 15
| TUCAPEL. . : . .Jan. 23 PALENA- .......;. .';..
i ¦ '¦ These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral 'and South- American passenger service.
(No'cha-nffe at Acapulco o* Panama.) ' Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.'. <
!"• BALFOUR. OTTTHRIE A CO.. On. Agents.
BAliwAY TRAVEL.
CIQBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sausallt* F«rry. • :
¦ Commencing September a», ¦ 1901. '.
FROM 6AN ¦ KKANCiSCO TO ' MILL VALLKT
r ,¦ -ANU SAN RAFAEL. vTT , ;
WEEK DAYS— «:G5, 8:30. •S:30.11:00 a. cj..
•1;4S i 3:16, 4:15. 0:i». t:VX;>lAS p. m 7
' • EXTRA TRIPS— Fof Mill Valley . and -Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* and. daiur-
days at «:30 and 11:40 p. m. / -
" BUNDAYS— '»:0O. «l0:0O. «U:30 a. m.. «1;13.
s:i5 •4:45.«:»0.>B:30 p. m. ; , .•..'¦ **
• Trains marked (•) run to Saa Quentin. .
FROM SAN R AFAEL TO SAN FH ANCISCU
-WEEK DATS— *i:2&. 6:2T. 7:43, 8:35. 10:14
V-m. •12:23. 2:16. •3:35.-4:40. 8:30 p. m.
¦"EXTRA TRIPS on_ Monday*. Wndnesday*
and (Saturdays at o:4u and 0:53 p. m.
•1*40 »3:15. 4:45. *8:30 p.-.nt.. -.
-„" EXTRA" TRIPS: on Mondays. Wednesda»a
"and -Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ¦
. SUNDAYS— 8 :05, 10:05 a.v m..' 12:05, 2:li
a-aO ¦ 6:00.**t4flvp. n.'~'PMaM)M)Mfi
!,7'r -THROUGH TRAINS.
I 6:53 . a. m. . week days — Cazadero : and way
¦ itationa. >"- ."' ¦ --. : :- ;"'• ? r. - ¦-¦¦' * ; >i.-.?
: 1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Milla and way
stations. - ' - > ¦ ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ' ' ¦ • nu l.f UV* |)V<l|Wnn*w«p|nMC
. ¦ ' l.«Ra 1 ' Holiday, boat* and trains ¦ will < nta oa
Sunday 'time. . ' ~l
- ¦ ¦ BAIXWAY TBAVEL.
SbUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trataa l»w»«< *¦«• »r« <*¦• «« «rcl*« »»
. MAN riCAN«:i"J<!o. .
(Main Hi*. Foot of M«xk«l 8 tract) - ¦* •
.' U4T1 ' — ITKOH DlCMMI 6. 1301. — AtMXWW ¦
7i00a Benld*. Subun, Elmlm tad S*cr»- ' v
men to S:83f
? 7i««a. VacatfL*'. Wln«cn.'BnmMy ~»M»
7i3o* M«li]i«--.3»nH»moo,V»llei9.K»p».
- UalUtoca uid Santa Ro€» fliSSp
- S.-OO a Daria. Woodland. KaigQU Laodlog,
¦ ¦ ' MarriTille, 4>rotU«_ 7tS3r
8i*«* Atlutto Kxpress-Ogden and Ea«t S=a»4
Mi««« Mlet, Lathrop. Stockton 7:3*1
MliMlk Uandotak lUoford, Viaaila,
. Porterrtlla '. «:33i
• i*» a Shasta Exprew— DstUl Wlllimaia (for
. Bartldtt ScrinKi). Willow i. Bad
,•- Bluff. PoriUnd... ....«, 7sOS»
, ' . •>>•* 8»u . Jots, i Li»ennore, Stoektnu,
lone, .- daernnento, Plaeeollle,
Murjitllie. Chieo. lU.llllulT...... 4.33f
»tlt»AO*ktUle.Chlne*>,8onor». 'fuotauno 4<3S»
HiOOa H»fwarU. Milb«»BdW»f SUUon*.. tl:«3*
li«Oi VaUejo I*i33r
•ia«A Lo> AsMtat Kzbtas — UuUmi. .. »'
' , . Tncj, Lattirop. Htaekton. Msrced
FroinoandLcs Aotsle* 7:83*
•tSo* Vallcjo. Martlnei and Way BtotiOM ?>S3r
I OiOUA The Oterland Limited— Ogdeu, D«a«
tu, Omaba. Chicago »iS3t
fllOOr S«cr»inento Klter Bujauiec* |lli«DI
¦••or Uanicla. Wlntera. H»eT»meolo,
Womllnnd. Ktil«lit» ijiDOlnif.
"! M«ry«THl», OroTl!l« 1«j»»a
»«S»P n»yw»rd, Nile* and W»y Stations. 7(33r
iiuor Mftrtlucx. ftoil Usinoii. V»ile]o,
; Ktp». «wuiog«. 8»nu ltd* «»»asf
*t*Ov NUea. Lltermore, Stockton. Lodi... 1Si*S»
4,Xi»v H»jrw«d,NUe«,M*n Jc«^ Urrrmotm tS&&*
4:3l>rTli« Owl Limited — Ftetno, Tnlare,
.• nakcrxfiesa. H*nfu» for »»nt» B»r-
. bara. Loa AogeXtm SsBSa
»«««r Port Ceil*. Tncy. Lathrop, Stockton Io«a3«
OiOOp MartinfE, Antloch. Stockton, l£«r-
ced,Fre«no ia«a3»
BiOOp liar ward. Nil** aod Sao Jom 7*03*
t«iO4r Tallejo ll»23»
••••r Oriental M»«— Ogden. Denrer.
» Omaha. St Loula. CUIcm«o 4<SaU
7iOOp Oresuu aad OmlifuruU Kiprem, Sat*
• ' miiAiito, Mar|«tlll«, JtedillUR.
l'ortlKinl, Piigot Hoiuid *ml Rut §i33*
* •mip San Pablo, Port Coata. ' Martlaea " '
and Wai dUUoui Ili3»*
t8»0-1r Vall«j».. 7i»»y
: COAST JUNE (Marrow «*¦*.).
<Faoiof Morket Strw».)
•il»ANeCTarli,C'«iiteriijle > 8aqJo«>,Fe!too,
>¦:_ itoulderCreak^aataOnnandWay
8Utions 3>3**
tail «r Newack. Cantairlll*. San .Tnie Sew
Almmden, Fulton, lioaldor Oreak,
."¦;:*". Santa Ctux aud fdixlpal Wa»
Stations. «•*•*
4il3p Newark, Han Joee, Los Gfttoa t» !30 »
•9.3up Hunters" Train— San Jcae and Way
BUtioni ff.t0»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from Sil mSCISCO— FmV of Marktt StXMt (SU; S>—
t'f:lB 9:00 11:00a.M. J:03 3:80 6:13».«».
ffimOUUKJ-Ml if Btl»i"«J.— 18:09 J3;O3 UM
10;00«.M. 12:03 8:03 «:Qgr.M. m __ m
- - , COAST IilNE <Ilroa.l Uaaga).
I'.-. ¦¦'?¦"¦ - (Thlnl »nd Toirmend SU.)
- StlWA San Joae aod Way Mtatioua.....~~. •»*•*
T = «O A f »u Joae »"<l Way Ht».««u«. ........ •»!"»«••»
/7l««A New Almadeii /,-*ll»l
SiOOa Coast Lino limited — San Jom;
Gllroy, Salinas, San Lnia Obiipo. - '
¦ Santo Barbara. Lo* Angeles aad
principal intermediate »tatlon» 10i4SS
9.00a H«ii .Ime. Tie.' t'looa. HaliU Vtnx. ;
:.--" F»niiic tlrnv*. balinaa. Saa Lola
Obfspo and ftiadpaJ iutaraaedUt*
- HUtioli «»1«J
I0i3ai 8«s Jcse and Wiy SUtion*.. fl<S6«
I Ii»«a Hun .losa ami Way SUUona 0i 104
Hi-I^F San M»teo, # Ue«lwco<!. MenloPMk,
Valo Alto. Hanta Clara, Hwi .loea,
Trea Pino*. HanU Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey »>i*1 l'ncllle OroTn 1IO<4Sa
. S:3*r Km Jeee and Way Station*. .". ItSM*
? Isiai- Pan Jose *n.l Prlnotpal WajHtetlcttt StSOf
4:50 r Sun»et limited— Mondays, Wednn-
days, Friday", for Los Angel**, El
Fuo. New Orleans and N"e* York.
* reives Sosdays. Tneadajs aod
Thursdays lOiIS*
fSlOOrSrin Jok-, Los G*to» sad PllncipJ
War Station* 1»:OOa
583()p H«n.lnie mul Principal Way Statiom 0i30»
H::i»l- Sun .J one ami Way HUtloim "«.10»
' 7:0Ar N«w OrleaM Eiprsxt— riaa lnft
Obiapo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
selea. D-minu. £1 Paso, How Or-
leans and Etui 7:39A
qll:t%r S«,n .lone »».l Way Station*... 7tS*V
"~ Afor-Momtiif P for Afternoon. *
t Himdar rieepted ! Mnndar only.
¦ _ o Saturdar only, yjTuetdays andFrldsym^
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. .
San Francisco to Saa Ra?aa'.
iVKEK DATS— T:30, »:C0. 11:00 a. m.;. 13:33.
8 :30, B : 10, « :80 p. m. Thursday *— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. ¦ Saturday*— Exu* trips at
1:6X> and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS- S:0O. »:30. 11:00 *. m.; 1:39. 3:30.
-:0O, 6:2O p. m. ...
ban Kaia»> to San Francisco.
WEEK CAYS— «:10. 7:00, 3:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. 8aturday»— £xtr*
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10. »:*«. 11:10 *, m.; 1:4*. J:«.
6:00. 0:25 p. m. .
*"" Leav* 1 In BSect I Arrtra
8an Franeigco. JApr. 88. 18d| Saa Fraadaco.
We«k | Sun- I | Sun- j W*«*
Day*. I daya. ) P—tlnatlon | day*. | Paya.
7:30aan 8:00mm Norato. - 10:40am 8:40am
8:30pm 8:30am Pstaluma, . 0:05pm 10:23an»
6:10pm 0:0Opm Santa Roe*. 7:88pm 6:a0pn>
Fulton.
7:30am I Windsor, lt:2ftaa
8:00pm| Healdsburs, 10:40am
. 1 Lytton,
¦ GeyaervllK
S :30pm 8:00am Cloverdala, 7:38pm 6:30pm
1 7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:36aat
8:S0pm 8:00am and Cktan. T :33pm g:aopca
7:30am _^ ; IJ:***™ 10:»aa
8:00am Guerne villa. 7:35pm
: 1:80pm 6:00pm . 6:30pm
7 :30am 8:00am Sonoma » :16am 8:40am
¦ 6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. «:05pm 6:20pm
7:3OarnJ 8:00am| - |10:40am|10:2aani
»:30pm| a:00pm[ Seba»topoL | 7:3apm| 6:20pa
Stares connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Wblta Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurl*; at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skassa Sprtn*»; at CIor«rdali
for th« Geysers; at Hopland' lor Duncaa
Sprlnga. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carl*.
bad Springs, Eoda Bay. Lakeport and Bartletl
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprlnsa. Blu» Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wittai
Uprlngs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Dar».RWer aide. Llerley'». Bucknaira,
Sanhedrtn fielgnts. HullYllf*. OrT*» Hot
gprlnrs Mendoclno aty. Fort Bran. West-
««rt. UaaJ. Wlllltt, LaytonT«l». Caaomlaa,
Kir. Spring*. Harris. Olaen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka i »«i*ua»'B*W^l l *a**"**' — *IW' l * i '>IB
Saturday to Monday round- trip Uckat* at r*.
v^on Sundays round-trip tlckata to All point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. JT_. .
ticket ortc«. 680 Market strwt. CaronloU
T^WmTIIIO. R. X. KTAN.
Pen. Manager. . O<n. Pasa. Agt.
Santa Fe
Tnains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. ¦
. Local Um'd OvrlM J^cfl
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lt. San Fran 7:2O» »:OO a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 P 7:18 V
¦ •• Merced... 12:23 p l:17p 1:80a »:U»
" Fresno... 2:05 p 3:35 p 3:15 a 10:80 p>
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27p fsOfta
•• VJsalla.. 5:3»p ... B:00a
¦•• Bakersftd 6:18 p 8:20 p J:***
••-Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago.. 2:lftp g-.OOp ..
a for mornlag. p for afternoon. ¦_ ."
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palae* Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakarafleld for accommodation of
local first-class , passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrm» at 7:05 a. m.
da 4-20 P. m. >» Stockton. 'Merced and Fresno
locaL Corresponding train arrives at 12:3*
p. -ml 'is th« Overland Express, with
throueh Falace and Tourist Sleepers and
Fre« Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palac* Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding < train arrives at 0:00 P»;m.
7:20 a. m." Is Bakersfleld LocaU stopping |
at all points tn San Joaquln Valley. Cor- i
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
tMnces— 641 Market street and In Ferry !
Depot. 3an Francisco:, 1112 . Broadway. !
Oakland. '¦•¦¦¦. ---'i
a— sa«wa^aMawa—^aMaMaa^aMaaaiaMa—
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
= Lrave Via Saosalito Ferry Arrive
• • San Fran. " Foot of Market St - San Fran.
,W«k Sun-. *.«***.«**»-«¦ |«- >^^
9-30 a. 8:00 a. 1^ r^ t h.^. ' m 1:io 1.00 p. 9:45 a.
T»r«, S»a rna-U™ to Summit u>d *«<»ra. »1 90. ¦
- * Bokrt OfflcM. «U XA&IUI ItaXXT aaa SiCilUIO imt
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEAS3IT ST. JS»tablljihe<J
In 1SS4 for the treatment of PHvau .
£M.iea*es. Lout Manhood. Debility oi •
dl.v>aae weartogon body and mind an<J
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cocearwhen
others fall. Try htm. ¦ Charges low. '
C«rea sjaarautt***!. :CaUorwz}t«
Dr. J. 1*. M(B!iO.V. Kan Frandaco. CaL •_-;¦>
• street. - Interment Holy ¦ Crosa ¦ Cemetery s by
11 :30 o'clock train from Third and Townaend
¦ streets. •,-. '¦ '¦ ¦-.'-.• ,.; ¦'¦•¦*; • ' .
GOULDr-December' 31, ' 1901, Major ' William
0. Gould, husband of Mary \ A. Gould, and
• father of H. F. Gould and Mrs. S. P.Tuggle,
; a native of Exeter, 1 N.'fH., aged 73 years..
•¦' C7"NotIc<5 ¦ of ¦ funeral - hereafter. '..'•¦ •
HOLLAND— In this city,: December 30, ,1901,
Maries Elizabeth -Holland, dearly beloved
« mother ; of ! Mrs. ' Regina . Rommel and Mrs..
Henry Huppert, and devoted grandmother • of
Mrs. Edward Goetze and Lena, Amelia and
1 Emma Rommel - and ' Louise • HupDert, a na-
tive of Steinbach. Hollenberg, Germany, ag«d
¦ '7 yearn ani 2 days. -.-- ,'-¦'¦¦ -. > ¦ .. . \
¦ . ¦ icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully , invited to ; attend : the funeral ¦>. to-day
(Wednesday), af 2 , o'clock, from- the - resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Regina Rommel,
,5S7 Eighth ' street, corner.-, Brannan. Inter-
nment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,..:. ..
HANELL — In this cltv, December 31, 1901,
; FrJedrekat Hanell, beloved- wife of William
Hanelt,: mother of William F.,- Hazel L. and
Marguerite A. Hanell, and sister of Mrs. i G.
Guinlher and •: Louisa : White, .: a ¦ native ; of
; Contra Costa . County, Cal., aged 42 years 10
months and 9 days. .^ ;-; -" • ,-;
KANE— In this city, December 31, 1001, John,
dearly beloved father < of' (John and Frank
. Knno and Mrs: W. X. Murphy, a native ' ; of
. Ireland,' aged 5S- years, 9 months and 27
¦idays:.' .:-, • ', ' •:-.:¦,¦.- :¦:¦. ¦ ¦ ,-: ¦';:¦ v-J
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
,.':.', fully Invited to . attend the funeral , servlces>
to-morrow -(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of - Valente, > Marinl " &.-.Co., 1524
: , Stocktoji street, between Green and Union.
. : Interment 'Holy^ror^Cemetery. ¦ ..... ; ¦
LEE — In this city, December 29, • 1901, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Lee, ! and father of
Joseph ¦ and Frank Lee and Mr».' Mary Far-
rell.. a native of Ireland, aeed 71. years. , -
Ct?*The funeral will- take s- place • to-day
(Wednesday), • at ¦ 0 :30 o'clock; ' from his late
residence, 71H. Clementina street, thence tc
St. Brendan's ; Church, - where a « «olemn . re-
quiem hiKh mass will be celebrated for the
/repose- of 'his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
: Interment . Holy. Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral, car from the church. . . ¦
LUDDY— In ' this - city. December 30.-^1001.
Thomas • I^uddy, beloved brother of Margaret
Fennell and the late Catherine Redding and
Ellen Doyle, a .native of County Cork, Ire-
lard, aged 75 years. • ;. ; ,\
C^Friends and acqualntances^are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at H ¦ o'clock, . from, the parlor*
of tho United Undertakers. 27 and 2fl FJfti.
Etrcot. thence to St. Jainea Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, ¦ where a requiem
high. mass will be celebrated for, the repose
: of his eoul at 9. o'clock Interment Holy
• Cross Cemetery: > . r - ¦ --./¦
McDONALD — In this city,: December 31. 1001,
Dora, ¦ beloved wife 'of Angus McDonald, and
beloved mother ¦ of Annie, Ronald. William,
Joseph, John and the late Dora McDonald, a
•native of Eyrecourt,. County Galway, Ire-*
land, aged 53 years. (New York and Prince
• . Edward Island papers please copy.)
CNotlce of - funeral ¦ hereafter.
MARTIN — In Oakland, December 31. 1901, at
277 Second street. Mrs. Sephonlo, Martin, be-
- loved mother of Mrs. Mary L. Britton and
Mrs. E.^J. Foster, a native 'of .'North Caro-
- Una, ajed 72 years. > •
MAHONEY— In th(s city, December 30, 1901,
John T. Mahoney, beloved brother of Mrs.
M. Batsere, a native of Ireland, asred (HI
years. ¦>-.-. ¦ . • ¦ i _ ~. ¦¦ . . ¦ . •
. t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend ' the funeral v Fri-
day. January 3, ,,' 1902, at : 9:30 o'clock;
from the parlor" of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence -to French Church of
; Notre Dame des Vlctoires, where a mass wtll
¦ ¦ * be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
• ; mencing atlO o'clock. -, . ; • .'
NEDDFRSON— In . this ' city, December 31,
1901, Marie.' beloved wife of C. Nedderson.
and mother of Christopher, Charles and
Dietrich Nedderson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 41 years 6 months and 6 day».
ICTRemalna at the parlors of Charles J. B.
• Metzler, G38 Washlneton Street.
O'ERIEN— In this city, December 29, 1901.
¦ Myrtle, beloved daughter , of : William and
Nellie O'Brien, a native of San Francisco,
" aged 1 days. . .:..,. , .:......
PEARSON— In Seattle, December 30, : ' 1001.
Captain John P. Pearson, late master of
ship Germania. - >- ¦ • • •. . -,
RASMTJSSEN — In. this city, December 31,
. 1001, Carl Rasmussen, . a native of- Den-
. mark, aged Cl years,
RUDGEAR— In this city, December 31, 1901.
' Ignatius Rudsear, " beloved husband of Jo-
hanna Rudgear, a native of Germany, aged
80 years. -\ ¦ ¦ ¦ . , , , 7
SCHMIDT— In this city. December 30, 1901,
Adolph Fredrick, beloved husband of Geslena
Schmidt, and father of Adolph, .. Fredrick,
Bertha, Emma' and Minnie Schmidt, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 43 years 8 months
and 8 days.- A member of Bernal Lodge No.
19, ¦ A. O. ' U. -W. ¦ ¦ •
EZTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 221 Langton itreet. Intermen*.
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SOMBRANO— In this city, December 30. 1901.
¦ Jesus Sombrano, a native- of Mexico, aged
¦ : 83 years. :.. ••.-.. ¦ , .': - .¦¦ ,
SCHUBEL — Ih Colma. December 30. 1901,
Amalia, beloved wife- of Martin Schubel, a
¦ native of Germany, aged 71 years 4 months
• and- S days. : ':¦''.,, ' '.
— '¦ ICrFrlendsand-acquclntances are 'respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2, o'clock, from the parlors
of H.- F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission ¦ street,
between Seventh and- Eirtth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STROHMEIER— In this city. December 31,
1901, Cre9zentla. beloved . wife of Joseph
Strohmeier, and devoted mother of Louis,
' Edward. Albert. George and. Otto Stroh-
; meier. Mrs. S. J. Burke. Mrs. G. .W. Har-
. rlsran and. the late Emi: Strohmeier. a- na-
tive of Germany, aged C9 years 7 months
and 1 day. . ¦ ¦ . - . ; .
tE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday, at 1 o'clocx,- from her late resi-
dence. 26 Lewis- street, between Taylor and
Jones, Pest and Rutter thence to I. O. O. F.
. Hall. Conner of Market and Seventh streets,
where . services will he held under the aus-
pices Of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130,'
1. O. O. F., commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Walhalla Lodge
¦ No. 130. I.' O. O. ' F., are requested to as-
• Eemble to-morrow (Thursday), afl o'clock.
In I. O. O. F. building-, to attend funeral af
.' our late sister, Christine Strohmeier. By
Order of MRS. MARY HOCKING. N.G.
TOBIN— In this city. December 30, WOl, Waf-
, ' ter I.'. : beloved husband of Molly E. Tobln,
father of " George F; and Walter I. Tobin,
..son of J. J. and the lato Elizabeth Tobln.
and brother of the late Vincent C. and Henry
A. Tobln. , ,
C7The funeral will -take place to-day
(Wednesday), at .9 o'clock,' from the resi-
¦ dence of his sister, Mrs. John Lslbert; (J57
j Devlsadero street., thence "to Sacred : Heart j
Church 'for services, at 0:30 o'clock.' ' Inter- I
¦•.ment Holy Cross Cemetery. - . -' ' •*
TORMEY — In this city.' December 31, lOOl,
John C, beloved husband 'of Margaret Tor-
mey, a native of Ireland, aged C4 yeara C
•months and 7 days. . . •
WE AR— In this city, December 30. 1001.
. Ernest A., beloved son of John and Mary J.
Wear, and brother of Mrs. W. S. . Forlngton
and. Frank' F.. ¦- Edfcar T. and Leonora K. .'
Wear,- i a native ! . of Paso . Robles, . a«ed 22
years 1 month and- 14 days.'. -. .¦ -,-
ICFrienrig and acquaintances are re?pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), ¦ at < 1:30: o'clock; from 'the fu- •
neral Darlors of Charles H. J. Tniman . &
Co., 318 Mason street, between, O'Farrell and
Geary. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage.. ; : -.' ¦ .-'.
WING— In this city, December 31. 1001, Wil-
liam A. Wing, a natlve-of Acushnet..Mass.
WREN— In this city. December 31. 1901,"' Mary,
beloved . wife of the late John Wren,' mother
of Daniel J. Wren, and sister of Mrs. .Ellen
•Butler, a jiatlve of Tralee. County. Cork;
Ireland, aged 71 years and 12 days. . r •¦,-•'
inyFriends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend, the -funeral. to-morrow
:-(Thurpday). ¦ at- »:30- o'clock, from her late
residence, 2874 Twenty-second street, -thepce
to St. -Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass w!H be celebrated . for thfi re-
pose of her soul, commencing at- 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery, by the ll:no
; <raln from Twenty-fifth and Valencia Btreets.
WHITE — In this city, December 'SI, 1001, Ada
' ;A. White, bsloved mother. of Mabel White,
and B.'ster of Vireil Cronk,-a native of Mich-
.iSan. aged : 4« years. ' •' .-.. ¦ ;,
'¦ - C^Frlends are" respectfully Invited lo at-
1 tend i the I funeral | to-morrow (Thursday), at '
10:30 o'clock, from. the parlors of McFadden,
I McBrearty & Green, 1171?Mlssion street.: In-
terment Cypreps Lawn Cemetery. ¦
OCEAN TBAVEI*
AMERICAN UNE."
R£W TORK. 8DtJTHAM?T0N, 10 * DQN, PARIS,
Shopping at : Cherbourg, westbound. '::-,¦ •
Fram New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
• Zeeland Jan. fclSt. Paul ...... .Jan. 2fl
Kt.Louis '..'«.. ..tan. J3 St.. Louis ...•'.. Feb.'.- S
Philadelphia . ..Jan. 22IPhllfld?lphla . .Feb. 12
"¦'. ;' RED STAR' LINE.
New York and Antwerp; "
. Frrm New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Zeelnnd .. ..... .Jan. 8 Vaderland ... ..Jan. 2fl
Friesland ¦ ; . . ". ..Jan.! 10 Kensington .. ..Feb. • P
Southwark ;..:.. Ian. 22 Zeeland Feb. 12
international navigation co., ,.
..-,. chas. d. Taylor;
General Agent Pacific Coa«t. So Montgomery st.
ISlLCfflSSBl^S SAO- ZWLAK3M0 SYOIIET
." r.^_ . ? $ - D)«CI LIH6T0TAHITI.
SS. ALAMED A, for Honolulu.... ...'..:..'. ¦'
Saturday, Jan. 4, '02, 2 p. m
SS AUSTRALIA,- for Tahiti .....;... .
:« - . .........:..........: .: About Jan. 10, '02
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa,- Auck- .,
8 ' land and Sydney. .Thurs., Jan.* 10. 10 a. m.
i. D. Si'iitCKELI k BEOS. CO', fianarai flgints, 227 Hartn St
f.en'1 Passcnusr OfScs, 143 Market St., Plsr Xs. 7. PacSa St
TO LOS ANGELES,
First-Class 6T.50,
Steerage $5.50.
S S CHARLES NELSON, sails. 1'.. Jan. 2. 1002
: Tickets at • .! . ¦' : : . ' *, ' " . " ¦ : ' " : -• ' • ,- -
UNION : TICKET : OFFICE,
V .•- , i' ; 6S0 Market' st.', iS.F.i ;
IlNAfiiftiiii
T^iKEW .YORK VIA; rANAMA^DiatYr.
;. : Cabin, |105; Steerage.' |40;i Meals. Free. ; ; ¦';..-
6.' S.Arftyil *;'•:','' «nii» -Tuesday, V"'tlan^ 21
S. S. Lcclannw roil.i /Vlonday, ' 'Febi'fe &
t». t>. Argyll V/ « m}1 V Monday;* •> A'.ar. -3
.. ' 1 From Howard-street ' whart at '< 2 ' p.".' m.
Freight and Passenger Orflce, 330 Market it.
•'.''•-.. . F. ¦ y. : CONNOR. ', Pacific; Coa»t Ag>nt, ;'
COKPAGNI 3 ' C ENEB A 1, 3 : . .-1 K AN3ATLAKTIQ0i '
DIRECT, LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS V^^ ".- '
Sailing every Thursday, Instead ol
haturaay, at 10 a. in.; from pier 42, -K/AxistiSl ¦
. North ,- River, '. foot of Morton street.'? -*•'•" • ;:'i
' First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seeon.l
class to" Havre. $45 and uowani. UEKEKAL
' AOENCYf FOR ' UNITE D : 8TATBS a nd CAN-
ADA, 32 ;• Broadway ¦¦ (Hudson ' bulldlns), New .
York. ; J. r F. - FUOAZI < A • CO., • Pacific ; Coast
'AjrentslS 'Montgomery avenue. San • Francisco.
• Tickets sold by. all -Railroad Ticket Agents.
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.m.', except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.,.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallcjo 7 a. m.;12:30:. noonr 6 p. m., except
Sunday.'}-- Sunday, 7 a.' tn;,' 4 :15 ¦ p. m. ' ¦ Fare . 50
cent*. , ', Telephone '-' Main \ 1508. * < Landing > and
office. 'pier ' 2, ' Mission-street ' dock. ; HATCH
BROS. i sas*HfliffiSSSS&5®SSi^*F- ; - - .-:¦'-;'.
FOR ;,0, ; S; NAViT ! YAR3 AND VALLEJ3
> : ;Steamen;GEN.VFRISBI3;or:M0NTICELU
BAY "AND ¦ RIVER* STEAMEES.The officers of , San -Francisco Chapter of
the Eastern Star,wiU be publicly, installed
by ; Grand : Matron '. Mrs. , Clara^ A."
Glberson I in • the Masonic Temple on next
Saturday .; night.' . Past r Matron t and ; Dis
trict ; Deputy . Mra. Annie ! M. ? Johnson will
act'as grand marshal.*ra«BB9HSfllHBI
Public Installation.
'•.: Deputy!, Thomas .?' Rhodes ..'of JUhe Fish
• arrested \ five . men"; in - Mendo
'cino' County yesterday, for fishing with set
nets. v >. The | offenders '.were I taken to ' Uklah
and their caseswere set for trial..
Game; Law Violators Caught.
¦ ? « —
Battered a Woman.
A . warrant : wa»" a worn ¦ out In • Judge
Cabanlss', court ; yesterday ; for the arrest
of Frank Lenihan, 103 ' Valencia street,
on a charge of battery.'- The complaining
witnecs is Tillle Belmont,' Sutter. street
and' Grant avenue, and : she ' alleges that
Lenihan called 'at her. house early yester
day morning. and struck? her© •- several *
times with a Jardiniere. W&M 1
SACRED HEABT - COLLEGE
BUYS NEW-" TYPEWRITES
This college,- ; so .« favorably ; - known
through I Its ,- many graduates^ occupying
prominent positions In commercial houses
of this ..' city, "i after -careful examination
has Belected' the Smith '..Premier ..for, 1 ex
clusive •' use ¦' in .• its - typewriting -'. depart
ment,: ¦ The < order '.was i placed k with ; L.v&"
M. Alexander, ; tho Pacific ' Coast ' agents. •
BMHHBIMI^BHUhnMBmHMMnHBBB>i>MflMHBna<
; .The : body, of '.the :• man 'found last-Fri
day hanging; to a- tree' in • Golden Gate
Park .was^ identified : at? the^Morsrue yes
terday: as that of Patrick . O'Neill, a
laborer,'* who - resided : aU349iMlnna- street
with: his 'cousin. : He had: been 'a sufferer
from'asthma.* ; ¦'¦
* Suicide - Is { Identified.'
Charles a beggar, was sentenced
; to' six months In' the County Jail Vy Judge
Conlan ¦ yesterday. ¦ He 'approached a cltl
: zen I who I was 'walking I with I two'ladies on
lO'Farrell street and asked him for money
! f or ; a' drink. -,r The gentleman'- refused | and.
Clinton used foul language in the presence
of the ladies. > • ;•
Abusive -Beggar , Sentenced.
H. '/ H. \ Hansen, alias ".< Barrfnger.vXwho
was' arrested here for : passing 'fictitious
checks by - representing ; himself !as \ presi
dent of . the : Pacific « Cigar . Company, • was
taken to Kansas- City; yesterday by > De
tective McAnany. \ "• He ¦ is wanted ; there
on . the charge of r forgery," committed :>' in
connection '• with?, Truman - Nye, - alias ;• M.
F. Miller,. who was also arrested : here and
was ¦ sentenced ' to five' years in Kansas
City. - \- •;¦ : .;: ¦ :.,¦¦¦ -y-- ¦¦ . ¦ --
Taken to Kansas City.
Mary Phillips is suing. the Market Street
Railway Company for $10,000 damages for
injuries she received in ( falling from an
electric, car on City '• Hall avenue." She
claims the motorman started the car be
fore she had a chance to get safely on
board. IBB'TI bl VS rW TtkrVttR
.Laurel Waterhouse, who was Injured by
being • thrown '-from a Union street car
November ¦ 23, . 1901; filed : a i suit t yesterday
agalnst the Presidio and Ferries Railroad
Company .for- $5250 damages.
Damage • Suit . Filed.
: -There are . eleven ; cells | ; In the . City
Prison i for men charged : with V a'= felony
andi there : are ; at ¦. present thlrty-slxt'prls-'
oners, > being,' more ; than : J . three 'for each
cell.' beside? live v Drisoners •¦ In - tho .tanks
not ; chared. 'Some -of theii ; have' been
.there I since ; 8 .awaiting their
preliminary examination.' " :
.¦The- police "authorities' complalnof .: the
delay,' which is ; in part • attributable to the
fact f that 't the «three i stenographers' for 'the
four police ». courts ¦" have .had . to6^rau3h'
work.v. An. appropriation was: made ' for
an . additional s tenc grapher, • but' for sonia
reason, or -'other. ; Mayor Phelan' has not
made 'the. appointment. •' -
Number 'of ; Inmates Awaiting Trial
¦ \;H or Crime ; Is ; Increasing
Daily.; ,
FELONY; CELLS;: IN : -' '
, , PRISON,' ARE bVERCROWDED
'State . Senator Thomas' Flint' of - San
Benito | and ex-United States ; District At
torney, Frank P.: Flint j of Los Angeles are
In \ the ' city. ¦; It Is the . common impression
among active, " ; observant ' Republicans that
the -battle ; In ' Los t Angeles - County over
,the flection i of. : delegates \to the next
State Convention: will -be one of the most
animated , contest^ ever -seen in Califor
nia.-: - -• .. :y ¦-'.'•" ;
Members of the; Delaney faction of:the
Union Labor party's Executive, committee
held a conference last evening -with their
attorney, : T. : Carll Spelling. The Parry
faction - of • the committee, which is rec
ognized as ¦ the real thing ,by Mayor-elect
Schmitz, holds ; the works, and is going
ahead with plans for extending the or
ganization to Alameda and Santa Clara
counties. < : The - Delaneyites, backed by
Spelling, .' will probably " gain accessions
immediately after the Incoming: Mayor
appoints : commissioners : to ¦ serve on the
various '; municipal * boards. ' The number
of places at the disposal of the Mayor is
not sufficient- to' meet the demands of the
Parry faction,! and _the disappointed .will
probably Join the opposition forces. The
contest for .-possession of the records of
the . committee . Is pending In court. It
would : not . surprise the ; politicians if tho
decision should go to, the Delaneyites and
the ' patronage to the • Parry faction
, Frank L. Coombs, member of. Congress
representing,: the:. First* California Dis
trict, »-• will leave : the city for Washing
ton,; D.v C to-morrow.. When he camo
home; for the holiday recess he expected
to remain until ' next Saturday,' but he re
ceived '.' a : telegram j yesterday announcing
that-, the isthmian , canal • bill would come
up next Tuesday, hence hi3' vacation is
cut. short. "JTIKjj ¦"H^mOl 1 illp (piiim
Attorney Spelling— Progress of
;' • Factional "Wrangling. >, ;•.-
Delaneyites Hold a Conference With
FIGHTS FOR PATBONAGE
v I2T XTNION LABOR PARTY
saulted and robbed Mrs. N. J. . Foote In
her apartments at the . Elysium, 566
Geary street, early Sunday morning.
Gus Miller, a hackman, whose stand is
on Market street, opposite Seventh,
identified Galvin in the City Pris
on. His statement was that shortly
after midnight Sunday morning he
received a call by., telephone to go
to the Fulton House, on Larkin street.
He . drove there and met Galvin, who
asked him to drive to 30 Fourth street.
He drove Galvin there, the latter remain
ing In the saloon from ten to fifteen min
utes. He'came out and ordered Miller to
drive ' him back - to the • Fulton House.
When they reached' that place Galvin
went upctalrs 'and returned , with Anita
Clark, the woman who was arrested Mon
day, and an elderly - woman who seemed
to be under the Influence of liquor. 'They
entered the hack - and '• Galvin instructed
Miller to drive to the Elysium. There the
two. women went upstairs, and Galvin fol
lowed them. In about ten minutes Galvin
and the Clark woman came hurriedly
down stairs ¦ and got into the : hack, and
ordered Miller to drive them to Market
and Fifth streets. They, all had a drink
In a saloon there, and Miller then drove
Galvin and the woman to the saloon at 30
Fourth street, where he left them.
Mrs. Tillle Holly, who has charge of the
Fulton House, identified Anita Clark as
the woman who called there: late Satur
day night with an elderly woman and en
gaged a room.. She could not 'Identify
Galvin, as . he was ' in the dark hallway
when she saw him, but says that her as
sistant, who is sick, will be able to iden
tify him.
The detectives think it' was the purpose
of . the Clark woman to rob * Mrs. Foote
in the -Fulton House, but she had not the
nerve, and Galvin then went back to the
saloon and got something . which would
make Mrs. Foote unconscious, so they
could jointly rob her at the Elysium.
Galvin positively refused-to talk except
to deny that he " ever. -was in' Miller's
hack. The Clark woman also declined to
make any statement. .: \ -
MRS. N. J. FOOTE'S ASSAILANTS
ARE ARRESTED BY THE POLICE
Michael Galvin, a bartender" In a sa
loon at 80 Fourth street, was' arrested
yesterday morning by Detectives Dinan
and Wren and locked up in the "tanks."
He teas later identified positively as . the
man who, with Anita Clark, brutally as-
; Z-. Major \ Gould ' was formerly • a civil engi
neer by j profession and directed important
work In Kansas. He was a generous, no
,ble- man,.>of 'high : . character and tender
sympathies. '. *i \% ¦ --'.',, '.; - •-.¦•• • • ( •• >- •-¦
• Major- Gould's death was not unex
pected. . Several ¦ years ago he was pros
trated by a stroke of palsy, but recovered
Bufllciently from the attack to resume the
duties of his -position; in. the insurance
office. v >v ¦.-/.¦-,,¦ : .;< ¦ .- • ¦ -.:¦ ;. : ..
?.'. Major William O. Gould, actuary of the
Pacific ' Mutual Life , Insurance Company,
died ; at ' 10:20 • o'clock last evening at " his
home, . 201f Central avenue. - Major Gould
wasiborniin Exeter, N.H.; June 29.- 182S,
¦ He i came to San Francisco from Leaven
worth, Kans., early in 1875. He was a'
comrade* or: George H. Thomas : Post,
Grand Army of th,e Republic; a companion
of the . Loyal Legion and a ' member of
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights Tern-'
i plar.: . ;f. - ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦...-¦¦¦
'¦•¦'As a Templar. he was widely known and
prominent. - He ;was grand commander of
the. order* in 'Kansas and was one of the
j organizers and first commander of Golden
Gate Commandery of : this " city. During
theCiviliWar he, served: in the Union
army, : holding the rank : of major in the
¦Fourteenth' Kansas Cavalry.
2 Major Gould was married in 1860 to Mary
Lawrence. She is well known as an ac
tive ; and (Influential worker in the Young
Women's ; Christian Association, having
served for many. years as president of the
j society, a The j surviving children are Mrs
Dr.; Samuel Tuggle, _ formerly ; Caroline
Gould, ;and r - Harry Gould of the Pacific
Mutual. ,, V -¦¦¦ '.---?. -:•¦ ' -¦ . • .¦¦¦'¦
Mr. Schleslnger demurred to • the ¦ indict
ments on the ¦ ground .that ¦ they .. did " not
charge an: offense within. the jurisdiction
of the United ¦ States District; Court; ? and
that the ¦ notes < did - not .'purport .to t.be
United • States '. obligations "• nor t were ; they
in the likeness or similtude. thereof. ."
United States District Judge : de ; Haven
rendered a decision yesterday to the ef
fect that it is . no g offense ' against $ the
United States Government or..' the Fed-,
eral laws to be In possession: of, or to
utter notes of the defunct State Bank of
New Brunswick, N. v' J. 4 The' point was
raised by Bert Schleslriger, 'counsel < for
Robert Lee Pitts, Edward W.' 1 Smith and
Leopold Greenberg, who ¦ were ;> indicted
for possessing and passing ; notes of the
bank aforementioned, .the ;• indictment
being based upon the ¦ Federal „ statute
prohibiting the possession or utterance of
anything in the likeness or similitude -of
an obligation of the United :^ States.
One member of- the gang named .Wil
liam Hagan pleaded guilty several
months ago and .was sentenced; to two
years' imprisonment in the j San • Quentin
penitentiary. He Is now serving his sen
tence, but Judge: dev Haven's decision
opens the way , for liberty ,to< him", . and
there is no doubt that he" will ¦ be. given
his freedom should his "friends institute
habeas corpus proceedings In his .behalf.
Another of the gang ¦• named . Perry; an
ex-convict, turned i informer and : . was not
prosecuted.' Perry and others bought. the
worthless notes from Smith, I who ¦ owns a
half • interest ' with • Leopold Greeriberg»; in
a curiosity ¦ shop .on Montgomery >_ street,
Smith having >Imported from New : Jersey
10,000 of. the bills • of the denomination ¦ of
S2 each. - The : bulk of i these he concealed
in the warehouse of ; the United ¦? States
Life-saving . Service, - he at ' that f time
being | the confidential-.; clerk of | General
Thomas J. : Blakeney, superintendent of
the United States Life-saving Service
in this district. -¦¦> . . -.-.,. - " . - • :-. „•
Smith, after his ' arrest, requested /his
employer to suspend. him' pending the in
vestigation, -and. at v > General -Blak'eney's
request Smith , was suspended. General
Blakeney .said^yesterday -that he would
ask for > Smith's '' reinstatement . in '. view
of the -decision ..of. 1 Judge de: Haven.'
Perry, Hagan: and others passed a large
number of .these - notes on i poor women
who ; make -.a ' livelihood by . conducting
branch bakeries', in the Mission and? 1 the
Richmond districts. , .
Founder of Golden Gate
Commandery, Knights
\\'\' /X Templar. ; ¦
Victims^ of the Swindlers
Must Go to the
State Courts.
MAJOR GOULD
PASSES AWAY
PERRY-SMITH
GANG ESCAPES
RICHARD SOUTTER, an educated
young Englishman, is in the City
I Prison with ;a charge of petty
I larceny against him. Until J a
few' months "ago he was secretary
In the Hitchcock School for Boys at San
Rafael, one of the leading educational in
stitutions'in the State. The articles he is
alleged to have stolen are an overcoat and
a pair of driving gloves.
Soutter was a guest at the California
Hotel, having arrived in the city from San
Rafael a few days ago to spend' the holi
days here. According to the police he was
drinking at the bar of the hotel late Mon
day night with Patrick Henry Sexton, an
other guest at the hotel, who had his over
coat, with the driving gloves in one of the
pockets, lying on the counter. Soutter'
took Sexton to his room and yesterday
morning Sexton complained to the hotel
clerk that his overcoat and gloves . had
been stolen. He * suspected Soutter and
the police were notified.' .
¦ Detective Hamlll was detailed on the-
After the sermon the Archbishop- ad
ministered the benediction and th» ser
vice closed with the singing of a thanks
givlng hymn by the entire congregation.
God is with us. his faith is in our hearts
and we turn our faces to the future with hope
and the knowledge that If w« do our duty
that he will be our consolation la grief and
sorrow. Le t M , ead better j, vea and h<> «<j
be our refuge and comfort. We. none of us
know what the future will bring to us. It la
an unfathomable mystery. We are in the
hands of a loving God and whatever the futur*
year may bring let us remember that we ara
moving onward to eternity. He Is our master
and our Lord. Friends may drop off but
Christ Is with us always - ¦ : ¦ 9 ' BUt
We know the value of life and its Im
portance and it la our duty to so build a.
superstructure that it will last forever Let
us go out of the present year dissatisflei Let
us feel that we have not done enouch Gkxi
deserves greater fidelity and loyalty than^wSj
have *iven. Let us so strive that the new4
year may find us nearer to God. so that h»
may be our consolation and joy for eternity
because there is but little left to us.
: r SoH<«»!ght we ought to feel that with the
close of the year the future one becomes more
important and of more value to us. Time Is
Irrevocable and whatever we do we do for all
time The vthlngs we do are stored .up for
eternity. Therefore let all of us remember
that this moment is given to us In the prov
idence of God. so that we may think over ths
errors of the past and decide to do better
In the future, to lead better lives as men and
women.
ARCHBISHOP REMINDS HEARERS
THAT THIS LIFE IS AS A VAPOR
- A large congregation was present last
evening at St. Mary's Cathedral on Van
Ness avenue when . solemn high vespers
were celebrated in anticipation or the
coming of the new year. Archbishop
Riordan delivered a stirring sermon and
administered the benediction and the im
pressive service was conducted -by Vicar
General Prendergast, assisted by a full
choir.
¦' The beautiful white altar of the cathe
dral was - ablaze . with dozens of lighted
candles and the ' solemnity of the occa
sion pervaded the interior of the sacred
edifice. The robes of the priests and the
acolytes lent vivid color to the scene
and all present were deeply imbued with
the realization of .the passing of the rlrst
year of the twentieth century and the
dawning of the second year of the mo
mentous period.
Archbishop Riordan selected for the text
of his sermon a verse from the Apostle
St. ; James, comparing life to a vapor,
which appears for a little time and then
vanishes. In part the Archbishop said:
The last night of the present year is a land
mark which speaks of the flight of time.
Though one day may seem, as another, we are
not so conscious of the fact 'as when we stand
within a few hours of the close of the year.
These last moments of luol must be of seri
ous reflection. To-morrow Is a day of good
wishes and resolutions. To-night our thoughts
are In a minor key. We look over the * past
and we are obliged to give ourselves thoughts
respecting our future lives. We must ask our
selves If we are better men and women than
we were one year ago. Have we applied'our
selves assiduously to time and its opportuni
ties? We sit to-night by the roadside and re
flect on the Journey of the last twelve months.
Like the careful man of business the Christian
people should take stock at ths end of the
year. They should take stock of their position
and see If they are nearer to God at the end
of this year than they were a year ago. Reso
lutions should be formed accordingly. ~
Life Is as a Vapor.
Let us pause and think what is Ufa after
all. St.: James says that it is as a vapor that
rises for the moment, then vanishes and - It
gone. The - holy scriptures deal chiefly with
the uncertainty of life. Life is like the ripples
caused by casting a stone Into the waters. In
a little while the -ripples pass away and all la
quiet again. £tefij
' Let us gee how we hav» lived in ths last
year and what resolutions we - shall take ' for
the new year, if God grant that we shall live.
What Is done ' cannot be undone, no matter
how: much we may wish it. Every deed of
man or woman lives forever beforeOod. We
cannot control the past actions of our ; lives.
They are stamped like photographs on ' the
plates of eternity and will confront us som«
day. We ' are unmindful from day to . day of
our thoughts and deeds. We think that cer
tain thlnffs we have said and done are for
gotten, but we are in error. We . may our
selves forget them, others may forget them,
but the acts and deeds live forever. . How We
¦would like to pluck some of the paees" from
the record of the passing year and consign
them to _the flames. But "¦ It is Impossible.
Therefore at . this ; time, we must oonder on
what life Is. Some say that the present life
Is all that we have and that the future Is
a matter of faith and mysticism. How dif
ferent are the teachings of the master.
. We know that we are living for an Important
purpose. The years on. this earth are but
years of preparation. Toward the end of life
It Increases in value." . It increases ¦ In value
Lee Can Collect Damages.
The Supreme , Court yesterday affirmed
the judgment of the lower » court which
gave damages to W. M.^Lee for injuries
sustained from being run into by. a car of
the Market-street system. ; It was claimed
by the corporation that Lee had been care
less, but the court held that the motorman
might - have prevented the . accident, so
even though it were admitted that the in
jured man had been guilty of contributory
negligence he could still collect damages.
The case" of 'Dr. -Charles VClark and Q.
Only Made an Autopsy.
Matsumara, steward in the' Nippon Mara
Hospital, 1 charged with ' mutilating the
dead* body, of Iwakisha Imamura, a Jap
anese, . was dismissed by ' Judge Mogan
yesterday... It, was shown that Dr. Clark
had been attending 1 the Japanese for pleu
risy,- from -which ; he . died,"' and as usual
an autopsy was made on the body.'
" ¦ It is • also entirely* false and ' absolutely ab
surd that Mealey, as stated in American news
papers, was given the alternative of renounc
ing, his rights to the disputed mining property
or being placed and kept in Jail. - '
I beg to assure you that all the criminal pro
ceedings instituted and carried out against
Mealey are perfectly and strictly In accordance
with .the laws of the republic of Mexico now
in force. - ¦BMMMSttiWMMSgjnBHHnS
¦ The criminal proceedings ' instituted against
Mealey have nothing to do with the civil suits
that Mealey has brought against t the mining
company, Norias de' Bajan. These law /suits
were decided before the courts of the State of
Coahuila.. have been appealed* and are now
pending before the Supreme Court of Justice of
the republic.' • , ¦ .
.*-. "When . Mealey was arrested 'he was assigned
to the best quarters in the public Jail. and was
Installed ¦ in the, rooms of ' the warden of the
prison. - He was entirely apart from the other
prisoners and was shown all consideration dur
ing -his detention.. He was given his liberty
under bonds under due process of law. These
facts are personally known to the United States
Consul In this city. .- ; ' ¦ . • ¦¦_:.-.
Says Mealey Was "Well Treated.
-You may be assured that all that Is stated
in the correspondence published. in the Ameri
can newspapers is false. and absolutely/devoid
of foundation. - The American citizen, .W. H.
Mealey, was arrested by order of the Federal
District Court of . the State of Coahuila,
charged with disobeying: the orders of the court,
and principally for having taken and retained
unlawfully in his possession part of , the records
of the mining agency of Monclova and for hav
ing committed perjury before the said District
Court and. before the Secretary of the . Interior.
. Consul General -Coney ., yesterday re
ceived, a communication from Santiago A.
Suarez, Judge of the Federal District of
Coahuila, who committed | Mealey to pris
on. In writing of the accounts published
in America of the alleged ill-treatment of
Mealey, based on reports and letters writ
ten by the detained man and his friends,
Judge Suarez writes in part:
So much publicity was given to the af
fair that President . Roosevelt instructed
Secretary of State ¦ Hay to investigate.
The Secretary of State in turn requested
Minister • Clayton to make an investi
gation of the arrest of Mealey and. the
alleged ill-treatment he had received while
in prison.' ''The " report of. the Minister
has not yet been received at Washington,
¦but is expected daily. -.'. <
When the newspapers in this city pub
lished the telegraphic dispatches of the
alleged ill-treatment of Mealey in a Mex
ican prison Consul General Coney sent the
reports to his Government and asked for
information. ¦ The matter was referred by
the 'Mexican authorities to the Judge who
committed Mealey to prison and that of
ficial gives a version of the affair entirely
different to, the one supplied by Mealey
, and: his friends.-
Minister's Report Expected Daily.
The woes of Mealey have occupied.con
siderable' space in the public eye in the
last few weeks. According to dispatches
and letters sent from Mexico to the United
States in October and November last Mea
ley was the victim of a conspiracy that
had for its object. the wresting from him
of mining property valued at more tban\
$2,000,000. . . ]
The" newspapers of the United States ¦¦
told how Mealey had - been thrown into
prison and his health had been Imperiled
on account of the vile dungeon in which
he had been incarcerated. Mealey'a friends
openly asserted that prominent officials
in ¦ Mexico had cast longing eyes oh the
famous Norias de Bajan mine in. the State
of.Coahuila, to which Mealey had a title,
and that, he was deprived of his liberty in
order to force him to relinquish his claims
to ; the : valuable Ian ds. .
Mexican Consul General Coney, sta
tioned in; this. city, yesterday received in
formation from his country that places
an entirely different light on the alleged
iil-rtreatment accorded in Mexico to-W. H.
Mealey, an American residing in the sis
ter . republic. ,¦
Judge Suarez of Mexico
Tells of Arrest of
W. HrMealey.
DENIES A STORY
OF GROSS ABUSE
YOUNG EDUCATOR IS
ACCUSED OF THEFT
.Richard Soutter,, •:Late^of, Hitchcock School
for Boys -at- San ¦Rafael Is -for
the Larceny^ of ;:0vercoat and <5'°ye s
EDUCATED YOUNG ENGLISHMAN WHO HAS BEEN; ARRESTED AND
CHARGED WITH THE CRIME OF PETTY LARCENY FOR TAKING
AN OVERCOAT BELONGING TO ANOTHER. ¦
case and on reaching the hotel he caused
one of the bellboys to. call Soutter out of
his room. .After Soutter. left . Hamlll
searched the room ajid found the missing
overcoat under the wardrobe. The- driv
ing gloves were found hidden In the grate.
Hamlll. at once placed Soutter. under ar
rest and when. searched at the City Prison
a pawn ticket for eight silver spoons and
two silver pins with the Baldwin Jewelry
Company, on which he got $21, was found
in his pocket. ¦ ,
Soutter is indignant at his arrest. His
explanation^ that he intended to return
the overcoat and gloves to Sexton in the
morning, but when Sexton accused him of
being a thief *he .decided to wait and re
turn - the articles - to the hotel clerk. -¦ He
denies that; he took Sexton • to his ; room,
but said that one of the hotel, porters did
so. Regardirfg the pawn ticket he -said
the silverware was his own property and
he thought he could doxwith it what i he
liked- He .belongs to a good family in
London, England, and feels his humiliat
ing: keenly. He has wired his friends In
San Rafael to come to the city and release
him on bail. ' * ¦ ¦ .
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1902.
12
= =====
One-third Off
Lace Remnants
It is the final clearing sale.
That is why we are offering such a great reduc- .:
tion.on'theregular.remnant prices.
Don't- put off buying, for' we don't expect they ;
will last llohg. Sale includeschoice lengths of the
most desiraole of r. Laces, Drapery and Spangled
Nets, Plain and; Fancy Chiffons and Embroideries
that have-accurnulated during this season- All are
to go .without ¦' reserve' at a reduction of 33 per cent
from the already marked remnant prices.
Embroideries
At Half Price
On special sale to-morrow— Hundreds of yards of Cambric
and Nainsook Embroideries in broken sets. These are marked
at exactly half their original prices. 'Excellent patterns in
edgings and insertings are included in this offer— every yard
being this season's goods and in perfect condition. The prices
will be: . *
Embroideries 1 to 2 inches wide 5c and ioc- a yard
Embroideries 2 to 4 inches wide. i2|c and 15c a yard
Embroideries 4 to 6 inches wide......... 20c and 25c a yard
Embroideries 6 to 8 inches wide. ........ 30c and 35c a yard
Embroideries 8 to 12 inches wide ...40c to 50c a yard
Arabian Lace Curtains
New and Choice Goods — On Second Floor
The attention which we have given in the selecting of designs
in Arabian Lace Curtains has resulted in a pleasing showing of .
many exquisite ideas that are distinctly exclusive with us, and.
upon investigation prices as well as styles will be found right.
At $>5.oo a Pair At $7.50 a Pair
Novelty Arabian Curtains , Handsome Arabian Lace
of French Net, with plain Curtains, with plain centers
centers and borders with and choicest of corded borders;
pretty braided effects. Very suitable for parlor use. One
choice, and excellent value' at of the prettiest curtains of the
$5.00. season at $7-50.
At $6.00 a Pair At $10.25 a Pair
Arabian Cable NetCurtains; Beautiful Arabian Real Lace
very durable ; made of best . Curtains of heavy French net,
quality Egyptian- yarn; 3J4 with handsome real Arabian
yards long and full width; lace borders; very rich and
with elaborate corded borders, artistic for parlor use. Excep-
Splendid value for $6.00. tionally good value for $10-25.
Special Corset Values
In Most Desirable Makes— On Third Floor
In the 'American J. B. and the French P. D. Corsets — the
acknowledged best fitting and wearing corsets on either con-
tinent — we have over forty different styles for you to choose
from, and experienced fitters are always in attendance to show
and fit them to you. For to-morrow these values :
J.B. at $2.00 a Pair P.D. at $4.00 a Pair
The J. B. style, No. 204, is The P. D.* style, No. 1188,
made of extra fine quality of is made of extra quality of
sateen, with straight front and coutille, in white and black,
low bust— comes in black, gray with pink and blue flowers;
and white, with lace-trimmed bust and hips are gored, and
top and bottom. Excellent gives erect and perfect form,
value for $2.00. Excellent value for $4.09.
j Kearny and Sutter Streets N===
¦' ¦ ''¦,'"• ¦ - ¦._....
Commencing Monday, December 30th, and
continuing all through month of January,
we will offer Extraordinary Values in all
our Departments.
7 Cases WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
full sizeand extra weit^it (all wool).
$4.OO Pair.
Regular price S3.OO.
125 Pairs IRISH POINT. LACE CURTAINS, In
..cream and dufb.. wilts, 24 diffeFent patterns.
$7.5O Pair.
Cood value for SIO.5O.
95 Pairs IRISH POINT AND RENAISSANCE
LAGE CURTAINS, all fast lockstitch edges, in
20 different patterns. , '
$1O.OQ Pair.
Cood value for $12.50.
60 Pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, all new
colorinijs, with 'handsome ffinged ends..;
V $3.5OPair.
Regular value $5.O0 Pair.
150 : Fine SILKOLINE BED COMFORTERS, full
size, with pure snowflake filling, good designs.
5 Cases Genuine SCOTCH ZEPHYR GING-
HAMS, all good stules and colorings, regular
Drices 25c, 35c and, 40c uard. Entire lot will
he sold at
15,c Yard.
The above lines of goods arc all fresh and clean, and at
the prices quoted are Genuine Bargains.
rOf^d>^ SQL. "^^ jG^^r
Ml 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rionhart's - Flaxseed - Balsam
Will cure your cough. ¦ 60 cents at all druggUti.
f "The Independent Gas and Power
Company announces' that, its new .
and complete plant is rapidly, being
.finished.. ¦
It has placed orders for about ten :
thousand (io.ooo) tons' *of pipe, and
;has L on • hand about two thousand
(2000) tons. ¦¦/;
The laying of : mains will com-
mence immediately after January
ist arid be prosecuted as rapidly as
possible.^ " .. - - ~ • ....
This company, will make contracts
. to supply gas. .for two years at the '
rate of seventy-five (75) cents per
thousand cubic feet in; all districts
as rapidly as the necessary pipes can
be laid. %
INDEPENDENT CAS and
POWER COMPANY.
A. M, HUNT, General Manager.
ADVERTISEMElTrS.
K|S!ISSiA Are the only kind
N^f^^^gifr we make. Our
eP^ f Suits have made
¦' ' wISWlimH J? for us a reputa-
¦¦/IfflmMai/' tion that we "c
MMll M P roud o f -^« rea-
S»(S^ ]y/ son i3 that we
¦OiM iUwll . have used the b«3t
' lI3l MaHwuIJ : -of fabrics In SPE-
Mi S iwlmW CIAL WEAVES,
Pi/I /if ( 'iii the best ° f unin ?
nfllOilllliU and findings, and
M | jfy i l|y have faithfully con-
Bl// \va MlUJ formed to the beat
rl/l It vi'll I demands of taste
yf/ljl (Vjfil - . and . fashion.- Our
\il fl IJHllj Installment plan of v
II W SI. 00 a weak '
'j\ wSl VSR ' niakes it easy for
ttcvtttl VjAk. any raan to be well
*^r^5 *(» d r e s s ed without
p^ feeling the outlay.
128-132 Ellis St. Stofruxisco
NOTICE !
Mayerle's Sux>ertor Quality
Eyeglasses, which ara tha
n only one " lndors«d by tha
J^ggh^*" hlehest U. S. Army. Navy
wl"Qjr~ and Government offlclalfi,
¦ ¦ •¦ can be had only » of George
Mayerle, at 1071^ Market St., near 7th. San
Francisco. Mr. George Mayerle has no Branch
offices, nor does he employ traveling opticians
to represent him. Telephone South 673. Ger-
man Eyewater. BOc. 'CUT THIS OUT.
Mmcnulty:
r THI8'VirErX.KNOW2» AND RKLtABLS OLD
.^-Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, O\**U
m 0 } 0 ™' s « mll J»» Weaknew, Impotence and tbelr.
allied Disorders. Boot on Diseases of Men, freeJ
?. T^ .7 e *J?l ei ? er1ence - Term ' 1 reasonable. Hoorfl
9to3dallT ;6:30to«.30eT*fm. 8undaT»,»to 12. Consu fH
tatlouireeand sacredly confldentlaU Cail oraddrej H
P. flOSOOE MeXIILTY; M . ».". * M
20 Ji Kearnjr St, Hin FrsncUe«, CmXJ^
Angel us
Piano Player
Reo it a 1
8ATCBDAT NEXT, 3 P. X.. AT
EHERMAK-CLAY HALL. .
The Angelus piano player . has cre-
ated sucb interest that Sherman, Clay
& Co. find their exhibition room in the
store too small for accommodating the
public That everybody may see and
hear this wonderful instrument a re-
cital will be held, in :* Sherman-Clay.
Hall on next Saturday afternoon. . A
classical and popular programme will
be rendered. You are cordially invited.
Admission is free, but to prevent over-
crowding of the hall tickets should be
procured at Sherman, - Clay & Co.'s-
music store, Kearny and Sutter streets.
See programme to be rendered on
amusement page of this paper. -
Sherman, Clay & Go.',
STEINWAY PIANO DEALERS,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter. streets, 8. F.
Cor. 18th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle. ;•