Shock of the Collision Throws the Famous
y-" Singer Frorri; a Coiich in Her Private Car
and She Sustains Some Painful Bruises
Cruiser Gazelle Sails From Kiel and It Is Be
lieved THat the Threatened Naval" Dem
onstration Will "No Longer Be Delayed
GERMANY AGAIN MOVING
FOR SEIZURE OF A PORT
ON COAST OF VENEZUELA
¦< r .¦¦ ¦¦ \ ¦ ¦ : : ¦¦ .¦ .'¦ •:;, : •.-.¦ • /¦ ¦ ¦ • '¦" ¦ - ' ¦ '' ¦ ¦¦•- -. : ¦¦ ••¦
OPERATIC ' STAR WHO RECEIVED PAINFUL BUT NOT DANGEROUS
•-INJURIES IN: A, COLLISION OF A PASSENGER 'TRAIN' WITH A
'^vlFREIGHT ON A GEORGIA RAILWAY.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 12.— A report has
been received here from Seoul. Korea, to
the ' effect that Russia, without waiting
for Korea's permission, has pushed in
telegraph line . across the Loomen Blvtr
Into Korean territory.
RUSSIA RUNS TELEGRAPH
INTO KOREAN TERRITORY
AUSTIN. Tex., Jan. 12.— The authorita-;
tive announcement is received here" to-day
from Monterey. Mexico. - that .¦ Robert ' E. "
Jennings, president of * the : Crucible Steel
Works, and several officers of the United
States Steel Trust have Just closed a/ deal
for the purchase of the rich Viceroy silver
mines, situated'in the" Maplml district of
erty Situated in the Mapimi
District. ¦".' V
One Million Dollars Is Paid for Prop-
STEEL TRUST PURCHASES.
A MEXICAN; SILVER MINE
Mr. and Mrs. Dobell arrived here a
week e co and were joined by Major Hull,
their son-in-law, and his family. Dobell
and Major Hull rode together to Bythe
Saturday, attended by a groom. They
were returning In the afternoon and had
reached the- foot of Shorncliffe Camp,
when Dobell's horse was startled by. a
motor car, going at an ordinary pace,
and threw Its rider, who fell upon his
head. Dobell was carried to a local hos
pital, where he received medical attend
ance. He never gained consciousness.
Dobell's family will remain here for the
Inuuest.
FOLKSTON, Jan. 12.— Richard Reid
Dobell, Canadian Minister without port
folio, was thrown from his horse near
2iere yesterday and killed.
From a Ride.
Canadian Minister Receives Fatal In-
juries While Returning
FALL FROM A HORSE
RESULTS IN DEATH
A'half-mile circular track and a larger
car/wiil ! be built' for the inventor's next
"experiment. * /• ¦ J__
rent [Isl automatically cut off and the car
"jumps ¦ to the next" plate. ,
"The car is ship-shaped, with wheels as
high' as itself. -It is built' on ; the theory
that a magnet always goes to the largest
end of a piece of steel. Between the rails
Kelly, has arranged a series of iron plates,
small at one end and' large at the other,
•the~ narrow ends all pointing one way.
The magnetized car. used as a model fol
lows, these " plates at high speed. As It
reaches the Jerid : of each : plate, the _ cur-
/NORFOLK. Va.:, Jan. 12.-Edward A.
Kelly, a Norfolk electrician, has applied
for a patent upon a car to be operated by
electricity, which he believes , will "carry
mails overland at a rate of 400 miles an
hour.' • The working . model shown appears
to warrant this belief.
\' Friends^ of* Captain^ Clark •. believe: he
should^ be ¦ made*, a vice' admiral - and .' are
. anxious tha.t the bill pending; in'Congressr
authorizing the ; revival of this . grade, be
• : ? aBSe .- ¦- • ¦• " . ; . . ";-.¦."•;. /:.;¦' " . '
: CALL BUREAU, ; f 1406; G ; -STREET. N.
W. , - WASHINGTON, 'jan. ¦ ; 12.— President
Roosevelt is fseeking' a.. way, by which he
can further, reward Captain Charles E.
Clark. , commander during the war.- with
Spain of trtef amous battleship Oregon, ff
'¦-:' Many letters v have -been; received at; the
White House' and ' Navy Department \ urg
ing that something be* done 7 in behalf of
CaptainiClark. 5 , Secretary Long would, be
glad if Captain Clark were given an addl- y
tlonal ] reward/but it does not' seem ; to be
clear' how.It'caii; be done, except by, spe
cial act ; of ' Congress. It" is v a ; question
whether 1 Captain Clark,/ haying, been re
warded lUnder ithe statute for, gallantry
and ; meritorious ; conduct/; can .-be further
rewarded ' for; the . same ¦ acts. -
INVENTOR CLAIMS
FOR PATENT CAR
CLEVELAND, Jan: 12.— Dr., L. Vernon
Briggs of ; Boston > spent the greater part
of the last week in this city- in the neigh
borhood of ¦ the ' Czolgosz S home; and ."with
the aid of Jan interpreter, gathered: enough
inf ormatlon to cover. between^ forty " and
fifty' pages -of- typewritten J manuscript.
He visited- the; Czolgosz .family ;in"the
south end, and tried to interview -every
person he could find that had ever.ispoken
to -or' was. 'personally ;.." acquainted .'with
Leon Czolgosz, the murderer of President
McKinley. ;: He Is said to have taken notes
upon . the house in which ~ Czolgosz '•'.'. was
bofn.^upon • the -• general • enyirorimenta 'of
the neighborhood/ going ¦even so far.as'to
note that the streets in the neighborhood
were" not Tpaved J; and; that . there^iwere"- no
shade trees ; ; in . the vicinity. . He also "went
to*the' farm hear.Chagrin^Faiis, where/this
family .'resided 'for; a time, and inquired of
the neighbors about the maneuvers 'of
Leon'Crfilgosz. ¦ V . ' . - ;
, in addition to the above. he asked. about
the environments; of » Czolgosz' s ancestors
for; several' generations' back : in the land
the ,'t amiiy ; carne"f rom.' - Dr. Briggs ' s«i!d
he - t wanted the facts for scientific ; pur-
sin for Scientific Purposes.
Boston Physician Is ; Collecting ¦ Facts
Concerning the Electrocuted' Assas-
GATHERING ; INFORMATION / !
:;; ABOUT LEON CZOLQOSZ
Donohue was arrested for getting a
small sum for alleged express charges on
a bogus package which he • sent ': to '» Miss
Grace Emerson of 260 West Fifty-seventh
street. v -
* NEW TORK..' Jan. .12. — James Donohue,
who, according ' to " . Central Office de
tectives, was 'formerly, a . baggageman!
was held for , trial on* Friday for a form
of petty swindling by: which he is said
to have made several, hundred, dollars In
the holiday season. Donohue's game,' the
detectives say, was to obtain lists of cabin^
passengers on steamships arriving here
and then in a few days to have delivered
at the homes of persons on those- lists
packages - containing; broken" crockery,
bricks or such other worthless articles,
saying they were gifts from the' pursers
of the ships. He made his profit by col
lecting "express charges." -; '
. The case attracted some attention to
day because of a story, . which was ' told
to the effect that ho'had collected 88 cents
for expressstge in 'this -city for two com
mon red bricks which .were. addressed and
sent by him to Lord Pauncefote, the Brit
ish Embassador at Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Cal>.
"\yhlle singing Manon I. was asked to
sing 'Home,' Sweet Home,' : as some of the
audience would appreciate, that more."
Mexico. -The purchase price was $1,000 000
The deal , was promoted by Colonel J.' AV
Robertson, formerly of St. Louis, Mo., but
now: of Monterey.. The mines 'belonged to
the . Armendalz^ estate.' ;¦; * .. v-^'rVj;*
"If you wish me to tell my candid opin
ion of the so-called opera critics in San
Francisco. I 'must say. I don't think they
know much about, criticism. Why,' they
said I was 'too Frenchy' as Manon. Fancy
such / criticism of .: French operai -Then
they, said I: was too nervous at the start,
when most asuredly I was not. Some per
sons seemed to g^o to the opera '. not to en
joy the performances, ' but !to pick me to
pieces.- "/';¦¦ ¦ ~ \K : ¦ v: -'
She told me to-night that she .would not
sing Manon again In her native country
until she, had appeared in other roles, as
she is convinced that "Manon Lescault" la
not so thoroughly appreciated in. America
as some other French and German operas.
She will beglp singing in the Paris Opera
Corriique about.March 1 in the new opera
"Circe." written especially for her en
gagement, which will last to; the end of
June. Mme. .Sanderson said to-night to
The Call correspondent: / : -> r '-
LONDON, Jan. 12.-Mme. Sybil Sander
son, who is now' In London, Is much
pleased with her short season in America,
but does not entertain the highest opinion
of San' Francisco dramatic critics, ,who.
she says, know / nothing j about criticism.
She is; so much gratified, however, with
the reception given her as a whole that
she is anxious to return next winter.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1902, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. ... ¦ •
SIBIL SANDERSON
SCORES THE CRITICS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
"I think Prince Henry should be wel
comed appropriately by the city and the
nation, not only because of the graceful
courtesy on the Kaiser's part In inviting
Hiss Roosevelt to christen his new yacht,
but more especially in view of' the very
pleasant relations existing between this
country and Germany. Whatever the
German-American citizens may decide to
do will be done in harmonious co-opera
tion with the city at large.*'* .
Many Gennar-American citizens, in
cluding Jacob A. Cantor, president of the
borough of Manhattan, and former Mayor
Schieren of Brooklyn, to-day discussed
plans for the Prince's reception. Mr.
Schieren said:
NEW TORI^. Jan. 12. — During this week
plans will be considered for the receptio-/
of Prince Henry of Prussia, brother of
Emperor William, who will land here next
month to witness the launching of the
Kaiser's new yacht. The prospect now
is that from the arrival of the Prince In
New Tork waters there will be a series of
public receptions, fetes and kindly greet
ings of an international character such
as have been paralleled in this country
only during the visit of the Prince of
Wales, now King of England, forty years
ago, and when a welcome was extended
eleven years later to the Grand Duke
Alexis, brother of the Czar of Russia.
the Prince.
Wnat New York Will Do to Entertain
FETES AUT> BECEPTIONS.
vessel. He has taken possession of it. and
¦has deposited a sum of money equal to
its value with Senor Ehrman, a banker of
Panama/ The captain and crew of the
Lan Taro will remain in the service for
.Cannons are now being mount
ed .upon Jier and she will probably sail from
Panama to-morrow to attack the fleet of
the ' Colombian Liberals,
- The United; States cruiser Philadelphia,
which left Panama on January 9 for Las
. Tablas. has not yet returned.
VICE ADMIRAL'S
STARS MAY GRACE
CAPTAIN CLARK
ROME,*Ga., Jan. I2.j-In a collision,
between .; a v passenger and a .
S freight.' train •' on the : Southern |
Railway • at an \ early hour this '
morning V near - Reeves • station, :
twenty, miles north of Rome,
Mme. Lillian Nordicar the -singer, 1 was in- j
jured; her accompanist, E.-Romaine Sim-,
mons,- sustained a brulse'd^ hand; an' engi- ;
neer was killed; and three other employes;
of the road.were injured.' The dead:
FRANK- TRACY, engineer/Atlanta. ;
The injured:" Mme, 'Nordica,' E. : Ro-v
malne SimmonsT' Guy "Connelly , engineer ,
on freight ; ' Geof ge. Florence, ." passenger
:conductor;-Ed'Lewis, 'fireman (colored). ..
The train to~whichyMrne.-'Nordica.'s pri
vate car,' . the i Brunnehllde,"; was "attached
was^ a mixed 'passenger and^' freight" and,
left" Atlanta^atjlliq.Vclockilas't night' for^
Chattanooga. Jt .arrived ; at iReevessta- ','
tion at ". 3:30.; o'clock, this morning, where
it had orders to /meet, freight .-No/. 55. :A\
freight- train;- which : p roved to : be an*ex-'
tra', was oh : the '-siding; at- Reeves, when i
; the passenger, arrived ; and * the ; engineer
of the passenger/ evidently assuming that
Mt was" Nol55, : . did' not; stop,. but continued
his run toward Chattanooga'. ,- /. ,
• .."¦•¦ ¦¦-.Trains Meetat a Curve. .
A • mile '¦north^of- Reeve's,' while goingat
a rapid .- rate , the . "passenger - , : met; '• the .
freight on at sharp curve. y The two ;en-^
glnes '. crashed into iVach' other, and /Engi
neer Tracy, .in-, attempting; to: jump; : was
caught . between • the . locomotives . ¦ and
crushed .to' death.' . J , ;'. . ', .' '. - ' . .
1 ; Mme. Nordica's -car was " not derailed
and/ together with two other Pullmans,
was returned to Rome and sent over the
Nashville, Chattanooga* and St. Louis to
Nashville,' where it is expected to arrive
early to-morrow morning. • ;.
-Both; engines- were "badly wrecked and
twelve cars, It is said, were burned. The
engineer and 'fireman of the freight es
caped .by .jumping, but were both badly
bruised.; . . •. . ' .
.. . Simmons' Bight Hand Injured.
* Mr. , Simmons, her " accompanist, sus
.tained. injuries to his right; hand.. -Tha
exact condition; of- the injured member
was not ascertained here, but it is under
stood that he will be able to play to-mor
row, night?:
Mme. Nordica's car ¦ was attached to a
car of the passenger train. : She had sung
in Atlanta last night and. was on her way
to Nashville, where, she Is. booked to fill
an engagement to-morrow night. When
the 'collision occurred Mme. Nordlca was
asleep, in' her ' bed " in the .private state
room of : the car. -The sudden jar threw
her to the floor. It is said that she sus
tained a . badly bruised shoulder and the
muscles of her neck were strained. Dr.'
Garlington, the 'Southern Railway sur
geon r here, was. immediately summoned
and attended. the singer! Dr. Garlington
said to-night that' Mme. Nordlca^ was not
badly hurt, but that? although she would
be'abletto fill her engagement to-morrow
nighty her injuries are somewhat painful.
LEADER IN MOVEMENT TO
WREST VENEZUELA FROM
GENERAL CASTRO. •
LORD PAUNCEFOTE
PAYS EXPRESSAGE
ON PLAIN BRICK
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 12.— The South
American Steamship Company having' re-_
fused to charter its steamer Lan Taro to
the Colombian Government, to be used
by the latter as a gunboat. General Alban,
the military commander of, this district,
to-day issued a decree- appropriating the
KIEL. Jan. 12.— It is evident. that,
Germany is. again preparing!
for the naval demonstration in"
Venezuelan waters which was;
delayed in the hope that the :
present insurrection -against;
the Castro government . would re
sult in the downfall of./ the President/
The cruiser Gazelle sailed to-day for.
Venezuela, and it is expected that other
vessels will be added. to the already for-:
midable fleet hovering near the coast of;
the South American republic. " It is be-;
lieved here that the Government has re
solved not to await the result of the.
Venezuelan revolution, but will at once
move for the seizure of a port to enforce
the payment of its claim. As Castro con
tinues defiant, there is no present' hope
for a peaceful settlement. . .,*'/
In <3iplornatic circles there is a disposi
tion to regard Emperor William's friendly
overtures to the United States with es
pecial Interest, in view of the growing
enmity between his country and Great
Britain. The people of Germany heartily
dislike Great Britain, as shown by their
criticism of the Emperor's ' policy, two
years ago, of fostering friendly relations
with that Government, and by the recent
attack on Great Britain. The triple alli
ance has not been renewed, and it is not
settled that it will be. Germany needs a
friend, and diplomats say she has finally
come to the conclusion that, in view of
possible European complications, it would
be ¦wise to be on good terms with the
United States. Diplomats say that there
is now. apparently, a rivalry between
Germany and Great Britain for American
friendship.
Prince Henry will be treated with the
most distinguished courtesy. Upon his ar
rival at New York, he will be received by
representatives of the President and of
the Army and Navy and by a military es
cort. Before he lands, a salute of twenty
one guns, the number given to the Presi
dent, will be fired. At the launching of
the imperial yacht, which will be chris
tened by Miss Roosevelt, his address will
be answered by the President in terms as
cordial as he himself will employ. "When
he reaches Washington he will be re
celvel by the President and will be In
cited to be the guest of the ¦ nation. - He
may prefer to stop at the German em
bassy. Following his call upon the Presi
dent. Mr. Roosevelt will return the cour
tesy and will subsequently invite him to
a dinner, which will be attended by the
most prominent men of the country.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. XC.
"W., "WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— Prince Hen
ry of Prussia Is to be given a reception
befltttag the high station he occupies as
the representative of such a great nation
as Gerafany. The programme for his wel
come, •which will be immediately pre
pared, is almost as interesting a subject
of speculation in diplomatic circles as are
the reasons which induced Emperor Wil
liam to send him here. The importance
attached to the programme arises out of
the belief of diplomats that it will demon
strate Just how far the American Govern
ment is willing to go to meet Kaiser Wil
helm in improving the relations between
the United States and Germany. During
and following the Spanish-American War
the relations of the two countries were
unpleasant, and a suspicion of Germany's
purposes still exists, notwithstanding the
strenuous efforts made by the Kaiser to
remove it.
Special Plej*tch to Th« CalL
CHICAGO. Jan. ,12.— A book entitled
"Schley "and Santiago" is on" the press in
this city and will be bound within ten
days. The author is George E. Graham.
a war correspondent,.? who was: on- the
Brooklyn during, the fight with the ! Span
ish fleet, and 'was' thus in a position to
tell the story of Santiago "without fear
or favor." The book is said to have the
unqualified indorsement- of Rear Admiral
Schley,. who read. and corrected the proof
sheets. When ' President Roosevelt was
Governor of New, York he was -present
when Graham gave an, account of the bat
tle to State officials arid members of the
Legislature. Mr. 1 Roosevelt said at that
time: ' ', -v
I am sure you feel as pleased at having lis
tened to Mr. -Graham asl do, for I have listen
ed to the best, account I -have ever heard or
read of the naval fighting during this war. . "..
Story of Flying Squadron. ,
This book is the first and only complete
story of the work of the flying. squadron,
corn'manded by Schley. was as
sisted by his .camera, which enabled him
to add many interesting situations,, and
the description' and the movements of the
fleet and the' battle are evidently sincere.
It Is free from virulent and personal at
tacks; the aim is to give a truthful state
ment of everjr occurrence. In connection
with the arrival} of the New York^ Gra
ham says: . " . .
The commodore reached over to me.; took my
glasses, and looked eearchingly to .the , east,
saying . slowly as he did so": /"There . Is the
Texas , and ' there is . t heZ-Vlxen, but : I don't see
the *Tew" T-otk."--AV.dt.''as.h«-icept-tlje; J glass«s
up. In an instant h« had evidently found her,
for he remarked: '"Yes/, there she is. '.,. I can
tell' her by her : 'smoke." ' This was at 1:45
o'clock, and the Colon had gone ashore at 1:15.
while Captain Cook had received the surrender,
at 1:43. At 2 o'clock. Just as the New York
got where "we could read her. In signal distance.
Commodore Schley ordered' the signal raised:
"A glorious victory J has ; been achieved. / De-'
tails later." This signal replaced the" -one
which we" had been .flying for nearly .three
quarters of an hour. "The enemy has surren
dered," and which the New Tork had. not an
swered. Vainly the signal officers on. the
bridge watched the New York" for even, the
courtesy of an answering pennant showing that
she understood our signal.' None was display
ed, and then it- apparently dawned upon Com
modore Schley's mind that' Sampson's flag cap
tain on the New York was probably Intent upon
ignoring him. .'
Affront Offered by Sampson.
Picking up the megaphone, \ Commodore
Schley did the one thing, that day for which
I have always criticized him — lowered his. dig
nity sufficiently to plead with the commander
of the fleet that he -might have the ' surrsnder
of the ship whose escape had been frustrated
by the Brooklyn and : the Oregon, j thus mak
ing complete the day's victory. •, V : '
"I request . the honor of the surrender of the
Cristobal Colon." •- he said. In a . clear, : dis
tinct voice; and from the commander In chief's
flagship came, wafted back the insolent answer
from a cadet: ¦ ,
v\Vhat?" . ..'• ; : .
' "I request the honor of the surrender of the
Colon," again called the commodore, and ¦ this
time his voice trembled slightly. We watched
the bridge of the New. York closely, waited In-'
tently for an answer, but none came. And'
" that message, as had , all the others preceding
It since the destruction of ' the Spanish fleet,
which had -been addressed by Schley . to" the
New York, ', remained , unanswered. ••'. '
Somebody relsed a broom at our masthead on
one of the pennant halyards and the crew of
the Oregon followed suit and then gave \ three
cheers for Commodore Schley. On- the Texas
the men all lined up oh. the forward deck, and,'
at the request of somebody, aboard— I -presume
of Philip himself— gave three cheers for Com
modore Schley. , The little Vixen. came around
three or four times, her crew yelling themselves
hoarse : for { the Brooklyn, for Schley / and • for
the; victory.' 'But . from the New "York there
came never a sound, of; Joy fulness and never a
cheer. ¦.-'... " .- '". ¦' ¦ ' ' ' '- .
"My wife and I were driving along the^
road toward Sausalito when we flrst^
noticed that some trouble had occurred
between several boys who were out shoot
ing ducks.. I saw the lad who was shot
lying on the ground. I saw McCarthy
running away and my wife and v 1 gave
chase in the buggy and I captured Mc-
Carthy and took the Thomas boy along
as a witness. Upon arriving at Sausa
lito I' turned ' them over to Constable
Creed." "_ , :
The officials at Sausalito place little cre
dence in McCarthy's story of the trouble.
Thomas was timid about giving the offi
cers any information concerning the trou
ble, and McCarthy's statements were
guarded and meager. He said that young
McLeod was at fault in the argument,
and when he interfered and attempted to
tell him so. McLeod grew abusive and
commenced, without any cause, whatever,
hurling big stones at his head. McCarthy
claims that he simply aimed his weapon
at McLeod _ to : frighten him so that ha
would stop throwing rocks, and during the
excitement the shotgun was accidentally
discharged.
McCarthy said that hl3 father was a
member of the San Francisco Fire De
partment, but further than that he would
give the officers no information concern
ing himself.
Late last night McLeod's condition. had
not changed. He was restless and suffer
ing great pain, but his physicians held
out, strong hope for his ultimate recov
ery. Young McLeod drives an, Ice wason
In Sausalito and the vicinity and is well
known all over Marin County.
Those who know him, well claim that
McLeod is an Inoffsensive. quiet chap and
not Inclined to quarrel with.his compan
ions.' *
Mr. Kohn. who placed McCarthy under
arrest, was seen last night at his apart
ments' in the Savoy. He said:
Claims It Was Accidental.
The three boys had been shooting duck3
at Alameda Point all day yesterday.
About 3:30 o'clock one of them brought
down a duck and the Thomas boy and
young McLeod became involved in an
argument as to which one of them
"killed it. McCarthy interfered and
slapped' McLeod's face, whereupon the
latter, who is no match for McCarthy in
size, ran away a -rew steps and picking
up a rock burled It at his assailant. He
was about to throw another rock when
McCarthy leveled the shotgun at him
and fired.
McLeod fell on the roadside in an un
conscious condition with blood streaming
from his wounds. McCarthy, still cling
ing to his weapon, ran down the road
toward Sausalito, followed by Thomaa,
in a vain effort to escape.
Shortly after the, shooting P. Kohn, a
carpet dealer, drove along the road with,
his wife. They were coming from San
Anselmo, and upon arriving on the scene
they discovered the victim of McCarthy's
wrath lying on the road. They sent for
assistance and McLeod was removed to
his home and a physician hastily sent for.
Mr. and Mrs. Kohn then drove along the
road' at a fast clip in the hope of over
taking the fleeing youth who did the
shooting. As they neared Sausalito Mrs.
Kohn caught sight of McCarthy, and sho
hailed him. Both McCarthy and his com
panion, Thomas, seemed very much
frightened, and when they came alongside
the buggy Mr. Kohn jumped out and dis
arming McCarthy placed him and Thom
as under arrest. He brought them into
Sausalito, where he turned them over to
Constable Creed. Both boys were locked
Hunt Ends in Quarrel.
McCarthy is under arrest at Sausalito
and will be held pending the result of
young McLeod's injuries. McLeod is ly
ing at his home at Alameda Point in a
critical condition and a physician is con
stantly at his bedside.
The shooting occurred' over a harmless
argument as to which one of the two boys
shot'a duck. McCarthy, the lad who did
the shooting, was not a party to the dis
cussion, so it is said, but he became in
volved in the trouble by taking the part
of his companion, Edward Thomas, whose
father" Is foreman in the machine shops
of the North Shore Railroad at Sausalito.
Ross McLeod," a 16-year-old boy, threw
a stone at W. McCarthy, another youth,
on the Marin County road, near Sausalito,
yesterday afternoon, and the latter raised
a shotgun he was carrying to his shoulder
and discharged both barrels into young
McLeod's face. ; The leaden pellets tore
McLeod's face Into shreds, ana several .t
them entered his right eye. Instantly de
stroying its sight.
The other eye was also badly injured,
and if the shooting affray doe3 not prova
fatal the young, man will probably never
regain his sight.
President WiU Invite the Distin
guished German to Become
the Guest of the
Nation.
:": Privilege of Receiving the
.;' Surrender of the
?¦•¦¦'¦• ! ; ; ' ' -.-' Colon.^ ; /
Hero of the Battle Not Allowed tha
Kohn. ¦'
Lad Who Did the Shooting Tries to
Escape, but Is Chased and
Captured by P.
Representatives of Roosevelt
Will Welcome Him .
at New York.
Says He Contemptuously Ig
nored Signals Hoisted «
. by Schlsy.
W. McCarthy Fires on Ross
McLeod and Blinds
One Eye.
America to Lavish Cour
tesies Upon Kaiser's
Brother.
Author? Graham's Book
Assails Course of
Sampson.
Serious Shooting Affray
on Marin County
PLANS ROYAL
GREETING FOR
PRINCE HENRY
NEW VERSION
OF THE FIGHT
AT SANTIAGO
YOUTH MAIMS
ANOTHER WITH
LOAD OF SHOT
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FEANCISCO, .MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1902.
VOLUME XCI.— XO 44.
MADAME LILLIAN NORDIC A
IS INJURED IN CRASH OF
TWO TRAINS IN GEORGIA
The San Francisco Call.: : Magic.
• The : . way Salva-cea cures '. Piles. ' "' -? '
Woodmen '¦. Prepare, lor ' Celebration
;SAN>JQSE;:Jan.. 12—The Woodnien of
the ."World of . Santa' Clara "County* are'
preparing* for: a'.blg log ".rolling: to , take
place -in lthis 'city-on theV.evening . of
March 22 at Turn Verein-Hall. ; It is pro
posed i to v initiate 300 i candidates.- There
are eight:- camps^ln the -Alamo
Camp of this city," Charter; Oak Camp. of
Santa Clara,-Los Gatos Camp.'Mountain
•View,Camp,'Moorpark Camp of Campbell,
Cupertino '¦ Camp,; Alum '< Rock , Camp " of
Berryessa "and Norwood Camp" of: Ever
green—and "these societies-, are. now- at
.work' securing: candidates, u. r State ¦ Organ
izer W^.' L. Temple will be m this city, ma
few days to assist In the work."
American Eepresentatives Have Been
Unable to Open ; Negotiations^: •.:
. "With the Brigands^ , \ ,-
LONDON, Jan. 12.— The ; Constantinople
correspondent of the. Daily 1 : Mail/-, wiring
January 11, eays that negotiations for tho
release of the. American captive, ; MIsa
Stone, and her r companion, ' Mme.Tsilka,
have. not f yet been opened with the bri
gands. ' .
. M. Gargiuli, the Dragoman of the Amer
ican legation, and W. W. Feet, > treasurer
of the Missionary Society in Constantino
ple (who have left Salonika for. the ' In
terior to meet Miss Stone'scaptors), have
been instructed, according to. the corre
spondent , to * negotiate only, with persons
bringing letters from Miss Stone, without
which it would be impossible. to. ascertain
that the prisoners were still alive-
CAPTORS OF MISS STONE
STILL HOLD HER " PRISONER
ST. JOHNS, N.F., Jan. 12.— The colonial
Legislature wUU meet: February, 13.- The
Colonial Government has up to the pres
ent time received no request from the
British Cabinet ,-. for the renewal of the
French shore modus Vivendi, ; which ex
pired December 31, ; 1901. •> It ; is believed in
official . circles here that the Cabmets of
'France and Great 1 Britain are consulting
over ; the s -. prospect ". of - effecting and ar
rangement of this question more accept
able "to Newfoundland.
Jf the British Cabinet desires' a renewal
of the modus Vivendi, the fact will prob
ably be intimated during the * next few
days.. The Colonial Government Is await
ing some intimation of the policy of Great
Britain before-taking action in the mat
ter. / ' ¦
rangement Concerning French
j Shore Modus Vivendi.
Hopes, to Effect an Acceptable . Ar-
NEWEOUNDLANi) AWAITS
POLICY OF GREAT, BRITAIN"
Manila Company Buys the Celesta
. ' ; Bufrill :f After Her Long' and
: '} "'. Disastrous Voyage.
-TACOMA,; .Wash., Jan. 12.— 1*he former
British ship. Celeste : Burrirt . returned / to .
Manila last: month after dn unsuccessful '
attempt 'to 1 reach Puget Sound. -Leaving
Manila last i fall , she . encountered . a ty
phoon off - Formosa," which' for ; a time
threatened herf destruction. Part of her
rigging was carried away, and during the
severest .part of ¦, the -storm a leak was
sprung 1 - which necessitated the ' pumps - be
ing put in action. When: the .storm had
abated it was decided to try and make
Hongkong, where her damage . could b<=> ,
ascertained. ; \ ; . ,.-..
: Af ter : sailing .' for_ many, days ..under : ad
verse circumstances, ¦-; the : Celeste ; BurriSl
reached that porl, ; where she was docked;
Her owners were communicated with, and
It was decided to sell the ship as she then
lay. There were "> several bidders/; but a
Manila -firm,- the- Compania 4 General", de
Tobacos i de •• Fillpinas;? proved ; successf uL
The vessel made the -run from 'Hongkong
in eight days; carrying 20.000 . cases of i oil.
She will , be. repaired- at Manila, and -will
hereafter fly the American flag. -
FORMER BRITISH SHIP . ;
FLIES AMERICAN FLAG
/LOS ANGELES, Jan. 1 ; 12. —Two cases of
highway r'ob.bery_. were reported' to the po
lice last night,; both', occurring; within { an
hour. . , F. f ,. B,. Clark,' *a bookkeeper/ 'was
held ¦ up "at'.his own door.; by/three. mVn,
one of -.whom ' presented- a pistol .: at ' his
head, - '.while; ' his - • companions . ; searched
Clark's pockets, securing'$18. ..Clark re
ported his ¦¦ experience r to .the 5 :pT)iice ;¦ at
once, , y et ' while : the entire detective • force
was seeking the" | highwaymen; £they r held
up and robbed 1 Frank, Kanuseck, 1 a laborer,"
near. Fourth and San ' Pedro : streets. . Ka
nuseck was ; relieved of , tt7,^flBtt£s3&gggfetfS
Footpads Busy in the J South. *.
¦r>^; tinguished. ;;¦'; .
g SAN \JOJE-; /Jan. 12.— An attempt was'
made',:-ear#5K.j.*.this ¦ , morning to -burn =th«3
Telescope '.ilotel _at the' corner ot Bassett
and Little .'Market- streets. ;The fire was
started ', In ; a ; closet in" the rear; of the
building. ;-A coal oil lamp 'which hung
near 1 a rear exit was taken. from the fix
tures-and Overturned in/ the 'closet.
, The fire was discovered and extin
guished in time., to prevent a serious : con
flagration. • ¦: "A number <ot 'vguests -were
asleep ¦ in the ( hotel '•¦ at the time. This ¦ is
the ' third attempt ; that has been • made to
burn this 'hostelry.- ... ,; . -, -
Coal-Oil jLamp Overturned in a
•¦: Closet, Blaze Ip Eix-
INCENDIARY, ATTEMPTS
; !/ ¦ TO DESTROY A HOTEL
Shot to Death by a, Bobber.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Jan. 12.— Roy Iden,
aged 22 years, was shot and killed at'mid
night in a butcher shop on South. Eleventh
street, where he was employed as clerk.
Iden was making change for. a .customer
when two men entered and commanded
them to throw up their hands. Iden In
stead grasped a revolver, when one of the
robbers ehot him dead. The robbers es
caped. •
It is stated on the authority of a CE1
nese tea merchant that the glaze on the
paper covering of tea chests J3 due to a
preparation composed principally of the
refuse of sharks' fins, tails and skins.
The St. Boniface .Society of this city
has elected the following officers: Presi
dent, David Kampfen (re-elected);, vice
president, William? -Epping;, -treasurer,
Matthew Shirle; financial .secretary, John
Stonitsch; I corresponding secretary, Lud
wig von ,Raesf eld (re-elected); marshal,
F. N. Pfeiffer; directors— C. Beck, L.
Kampfen, M. Krelg, A; 'Schilling and; L.
von Raesfeld, who I will act as officers of
the -employment -bureau for members cut
of work. . . , ¦¦; - r«H»*..".
SAN JOSE, Jan. 12! — The German Cath
olics of California, ¦ who : two • years ago
organized a State union under the name
of Staats Verband, will hold: their annual
convention in this, city, on August 31; and
• September . 1. The St. Boniface Benevo
lent Society of thi^ city, which is a mem
ber of: the State society, : is already, con
sidering the. matter, of entertaining • the
delegates, who will come trom all parts
of the State. Besides . a banquet the .vis
itors, will be shown the resources of Santa
Clara • County. The German Catholics I of
this city have recently completed a school
building on Third Btreet, - opposite their
church. A German night school is also
conducted in connection '.with it. :~ '
> Gather in the Garden <*
City. - ; "
Members of the Staats Verband Will
GERMAN CATHOLICS : r
TO HOLD A CONVENTION
DETROIT, , Jan. 12.—The Free Press to
morrow will say : ; The • Michigan j Tele
phone Company, with the other telephone
concerns controlled, by : Erie, u&&
formally passed into the control" of '-the
big-Bell combination, known as the Amer- 1
lean Telegraph and Telephone Company.
It* is announced that the scheme of -the
reorganization of the Erie has been car
ried , through, by means of which the $9,
000,000 Indebtedness which has been car
ried along tor a year will be wiped out.: - v -
» Creditors have expressed a desire to
stand by the syndicate and if possible as
sist them in keeping the property under'
their control. They favor the depositing
of all the stock and. bonds of the con
stituent companies owned by the Federal
Telephone • Company in-, some big- trust
company, to be .used as collateral;securi
ties for a'new issue of bonds, those bonds
to be accepted as payment of the claims
held by the creditors, and thus enable the
syndicate to go on with "the operation of
the company and, keep it under its control.'
If the" plan goes through^ it will furnish
ready money to finish uncompleted plants,,
principally at Detroit and. Day ton. - .
Members of the committee feel" more
confident than ever that . the securities
will be kept up to their full .value. It is
also emphatically stated that .the s situa
tion in regard to the traction ; companies
in which the syndicate has a controlling
Interest Is very ¦ favprable and .that i none
of the traction companies* will be sold. : • <=.'
The bankers' committee will' resume its
sessions to-morrow afternoon. ' . ¦
. CLEVELAND. Jan. ;12.— A large major
ity, in amount, of the'credit.of the Fed
.eral Telephone > Company, owned^and con
trolled by the EverettrMobre syndicate,
were in session all day here to-day. A
large part of the conference '.was taken
up discussing -various proposals'- for the
purchase of the entire properties.''".
With the exception of the church, . the
entire town of Quinque.Mn Bulacan • Prov-^
ince, Luzon, has been, burned . to the
ground, and thousands of Filipinos -have ',
been rendered homeless. . , . - , ,
A majority of the, local papers, several
army officers, civil officials and others
hav;e promised subscriptions to help meet
the cable tolls for a three months' news
service of 100 words a day. An amount
sufficient to cover the tolls , for seventy
words a day has already been subscribed.
It Is hoped that this news service can be
begun on January 15., It will be devoted
te American news exclusively. ¦ The Gov
ernment has offered to send news bulle
tins free to all points on the . military
wires. '
Commissioner Bernard Moses, head of
the' Department of Public Instruction for
the islands, has delivered, an address to
the teachers of Manila, in which he parr
ticularly urged the continued instruction
of Filipino children in English. He said
the members of the wealthy Filipino
classes were making a great mistake in
sending their children to Spanish schools,:
as the consequent neglect in English in
struction would injure their position and
standing in the islands, which would in
evitably and indissolubly .become a por
tion of the American nation.
• The news received from Batangas Prov
ince is cheerful. The expedition to Loboo,
in . Batangas, has been a complete • suc
cess. The columns under. Colonels Wint
and Wells have destroyed a large num
ber of barracks and hamlets, and enough
rations to/ have kept . 20,OQO Filipinos for
six months. There was riot a single Am
erican casualty during the entire expedi
tion. The enemy fled , before the Ameri
cans; many of them were" killed and'sev
eral surrendered. 4 ¦C?V- «••
MANILA, Jan. 12.— Medical authorities
here assert that a considerable pqrtion of
the breaking down among American resi
dents of the Philippine Islands is due to
nomesickness. . The newspapers of Manila
aro' urging the United States Philippine
Commission to make, an appropriation for
a daily cabled news service • from the
United States, thus ) bringing":" Americans
here into closer touch with their ' homo
life. - ., . .
Manila Residents Make
Appeal to Philippine
Commissibii. ]¦
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 12.— The direc
tors of Pacific Grove Museum Asso
ciation' held their first meeting of tho
present year yesterday and elected the
following officers: President. Thomas
William Cowan; vice president. Rev.
O. W. Lucas: general secretary and treas
urer, B. A. Eardley; corresponding secre
tary, Miss M. E. B. Norton; recording
secretary. Professor R. L. Sandwick.
Miss M. E. B. Norton was also appointed
curator of the museum.
Museum Directors Elect Officers.
Meet to Discuss Affairs
of Federal Telephone
Company.
The> reports of ' iron" industry continue
to be -mainly favorable.. A number of
price advances were announced last week.
•The ; mills : of '^Western Germany "-advanced
the price: of: iron 5 marks- to 105 marks.
the Silesian- works did' the same thing and
the Baron 1 Iron' Association announced • a
similar increase, r .'. ¦¦ -o - . ; ' =
' Numerous ; textile centers announce an
improved' situation : and Plauen has large
'American « orders. :.•:" -• -•¦ '
. . / . • . .. ... v
LONDON, Jan. 12.— The advance that
was recently made on the Stock Exchange
on the strength of more encouraging news
from South Africa was not maintained
during the last week, except in the" shares
of the British Chartered South . African
Company and Kaffirs. It Is said by some
observers, however, that the movement
in the shares of the Chartered Company
is largely artificial.
The majority of securities on the Stock
Exchange were dull and depressed during
the past week, however, Americans lag
ging generally below, parity. Home rails
were very dull 'in spite, of the confident
talk of improved dividends. .The ¦ chief
causes of public dissatisfaction -with -the
present situation arising from the failure
of the War. Office to show substantial re
sults in South Africa after the recent op
timistic predictions of the collapse of Boer
resistance and from a further large loan
• expected next March or April, which it is
believed will adversely affect prices.
There is much interest in the great to
bacco combine, to be floated with the pur
pose of fighting against tobacco interests.
In connection with this combine,, there are
rumors of American tariff concessions for
Cuban. tobacco and it is said if these be
consummated they are likely to upset the
entire British \ tobacco market and cause
a further. : serious disturbance. - These
rumors have already agitated this branch
of industrial securities. ¦ .
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— Notwithstanding the
unfavorable view of the condition of busi
ness given in Emperor • 'William's speech
from the throne,: read v by Count von
Bulow at the opening of the Prussian
Diet January 8, and the ¦ pessimistic sur
vey of the finances of the empire^ by
Baron von ' Thielmann, Secretary of . the
Imperial Treasury,, the Boerse had;:an
other strong week. / The upward move
ment'is assuming greater dimensions and
affecting more industrials such as cement,''
machinery, electricaj^nd textile concerns.
On some days -last week an uncommon
activity; was developed. - . .;-;
The reviews emphasize the \ fact that
money is now easier, at Berlin than any
other place In Europe. The ease of money
has caused all foreign. exchange to rise,
the exchange on .Paris : rising to .the Tgold
point. ¦ ¦'.-'''¦ ,:-- : - --¦¦".",•'. ¦ • • -. . .
Favorable money markets create activ
ity In new municipal loans. Krefeld an
nounces a loan of 11,000,000 marks ; , Offen
bach one of 6,000,000 and-Bonn one of 4,000,
000 marks. The, above loans bear from
3 to 4% per cent interest. , . i.
Shares » of . the . ocean .¦ steamship ' com
panies were very quiet,- as were American
securities with \ the "exception of Canadi
ans, which were more: active upon "New
York ; advices. • : : ••: . . . .'. • " - ,'
The chief interest of the week will cen
ter in hearings on Cuban reciprocity to
begin at 10 o'clock on "Wednesday morn
ing before the Ways and Means Commit
tee. . The hearings will continue several
days, and it. Is expected -that General
Wood, prominent in Cuban affairs as well
as the interests opposed to reciprocity
will address the committee. - .
Among the measures -which there will
be an effort to get out of committee dur
ing the jweek are: The Nicaraguan canal
bil i' -. the ;P.£ illp J? lne tarlff blu an< * the ship
subsidy bill. The indications are that the
Nicaragua bill will be reported practically
as it passed the House, and that the ship
ping bill will .not be materially amended
but the Republican leaders have practi
cally decided to make a material reduc
tion of the tariff on -Philippine imports.
It is not probable that the discussion of
either of these questions will begin for
some time. , The utmost that is to be ex
pected in that direction is a preliminary
arrangement for. consideration. Which of
the measures shall receive first attention
is - not yet determined and considerable
rivalry is likely to develop for precedence.
All of the three measures will be debated
at some length when- taken up by the
Senate.
The really important work of the House
of Representatives, aside from the Nica
raguan canal bill, is still In the committee
stage, so that there la little of importance
to be considered during. the coming week.
Monday will be given to" bills affecting
the District of Columbia. After, that the
pension appropriation bill will be passed.
Although this measure carries about 5139 -
000,000, it follows the department estimate's
and does not involve any serious Issues,
so that after a brief explanation its pas
sage usually follows prpmptly. The Ways
and Means Committee has a few minor
bills on, the calendar for the redemption
of revenue stamp's made worthless by the
repeal of certain features of the war rev
enue act. With the disposal of these bills
there will be little to engage the atten
tion of the House, and there promises -to
be several periods of , adjournment, dur
ing which time the committees will per
fect ,the largest measures to be brought
before the House. • . a
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.-The Senate is
still without any definite plan of action
for the future and the indications are that
the present week will witness a greater
display of activity in the Senate com
mittee* rooms than .in the Senate cham
ber. There are very few matters of im
portance on the calendar, but enough xo
engage attention for a few hours each
day until Thursday, when the Senate
probably will adjourn for the week.
CREDITORS AID
THE SYNDICATE
House Measure Will Be
, Reported Without
Change.;^
Continuance of Boer War
Has a Very Depress- .
ing Effect.
PARIS, Jan. 12.— According to La Presse,
the battleship Massena is outfitting at
Brest to take President Loubet to St.
Petersburg to return the visit of the Rus
sian Czar to France. La. Presse says the
Massena will sail at the end of March pr
the beginning of April, escorted by three
cruisers, and that she will remain at St.
Petersburg three days, returning before
the general^electlons.
Loubet to Visit Russia.
SENATE ACTION
ON CANAL BILL
SAN DIEGO," Jan. 12.-The party,of.dis
tinguished army officers who are charged
wiih the task of inspecting and reporting
upon sites for the proposed camp for mil
itary maneuvers arrived on a- special train
from the north, at 3 o'clock this morning
and shortly * afterward crossed . the bay
and went to the Hotel^del Coronado/ The
'party consists of Major General S. B. M.
Young, commanding the • Department of
California; Brigadier General G:.M. Ran
dall, - commanding- the Department of the
Columbia; Brigadier General W. A:
Kobbe, recently returned from the Phil
ippines on leave of absence, and Lieu
tenant McKinley, aid to General Young.
This afternoon a committee of the
Chamber of Commerce called upon the
Visitors and took t them for a drive about
Coronado and -North Island, ¦which has
been -suggested as the. site* of a military
post. The guests were also given a drive
about San Diego. General Young said
that while the mission of the party was
to examine sites for the camp of maneu
vers; -the members had no authority to
report on any location south of the thir
ty-fifth parallel, which would mean that
their jurisdiction ends about at San Luis
Obispo. He added that the party , might
go as far east as RenoNev., and-possi
bly the tour might be still farther extend
ed. They are. to leave for Los Angeles
some time to-night. ':
ARMY OiTICEKS VISIT- - ;
I \- y [ v PROPOSED TOST SITE
Generals Entertained at'San 1 Diego by
' 'Members of the Chamber .¦ i
;. of Commerce: "
serious task she had undertaken, r Both
she and her daughter, announce their in-'
tentioh of adopting some profession;:. •
Throughout the. Governor's, Hfe, r while,
she aided him in. every political ambition,*
•Mrs. Gregory was essentially a home
maker and lover. She had little taste Icr
the glare of . publicity and narrowed her
social duties down as much as her-posi
tion would permit. Wealth was never her
aspiration. Sufficient for 'her needs and
Wickford's is. in brief, ,her.' creed. Her
children share her views. St. Paul's, the
church from which the Governor w^s
buried, benefited by his will to. the extent
of $10$). His son and daughter receive
$5000 each, and the remainder of "the prop
erty goes to Mrs. Gregory. '. ..; ;
"UNITED IBISH LEAGUE
P&OVES A GBEAT SUCCESS
Chairman Bedmond Is Better Sup
ported Than Any One Since the '
Days of Parnell.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— The. Dublin corr^
eponden^ of the Sunday Observer declares
that the national convention of the United
Irish League, which opened in Dublin
January 8, was a great success and that
it was the first Irish gathering in that
city since the death of Parnell that was
really inspired by a spirit of unity and
fight as Paruell understood them." ,
¦ 'No one present." says the Sunday Ob
server, "could fail to Yiote the firm hold
that John Redmond had got on the coun
try, and- no question of an alternative
chairman was now ever thought of. He
was .undoubtedly more generally support
ed by the people than any one since Par-
Tell, and the feeling prevails that the Na
tional party, has opened a new an<l victo
:rjcus chapter."
ment with regard to the new tariff for
the confederation. - It was the original
programme to let the tariff go into effect
as drawn up, and then to refund or col
lect for any alterations which might be
made before the tariff biil passed the Par
liament.
United States Consul General Bray.
v.Titing from Melbourne under date of
November 18, states that he has been in
formed by C. C. Kingston, Minister of
Australian Customs, that should the tar
iff now before the Australian Parliament
fail to pass in its present form, an increase
or decrease in duties as now levied will
ziQ,vr. be charged or refunded to the im
porter. Amendments made in the tariff
during its passage in Parliament will
take effect immediately. When a change
in the original bill is voted or passed
by the House of Representatives the Gov
ernment at once notifies the 'Collector of
Customs of the change in the duty from
that dale, according to such amendment.
Bray' slated that the Parliament is
now debating the bill and it was antici
pated that two monhs would elapse before
its final passage.
Another report to the department from
the Consul "General, dated November 21,
states that a number of alterations have
been made in the tariff by proclamation of
the Minister of Customs, taking effect that
Amor.g them is a reduction In the duty
on manufactured tobacco from 85 to 79
cents a pound.
MELBOURNE. Jan. 12.— Regarding the
complaint of Canadian manufacturers
that thR new tariff of the commonwealth
of Australia is injuring Canadian trade,
the Prime Minister of the commonwealth.
Right Hon. E. Barton, says that Canada
ha3 benefited by. thirty-five years of pro
tection. He thinks; therefore, that the
Canadians should appreciate the desire
of Australia to place here manufactures
on a sound basis like that of Canada.
; . , Months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. .12.— The State De
partment has been advised of a change
in the plans of the Australian- Govern-
Final Passage for Several
Hew Measures Will Not Come Up for
AUSTRALIAN PAELIAMENT
CONSIDERS TABIFF BILL
PLUCKY WOMAN WHO WILL
MANAGE GREAT MANUFAC
TURING INDUSTRY.
Baron Pierre de Coubertin, one of the
foremost literary men of France, founded
three debating prizes in this, country
while on a visit here during. the World's
Fair at Chicago. One prjze is. annually
awarded at Princeton, another at Tulane
in New Orleans and the third at Stanford
or California. The subjects of the Carnot
debates always deals with iFrfcnch admin
istrative laws. v
associate editor of the Sequoia, the col
lege magazine.
The next contest will ba the eighth be
tween the rival universities since the first
medal was offered by Baron de Coubertin
in 1895. The first man to win the Carnot
medal was Sandwick of Stanford. Then
followed a series of five victories for Cali
fornia, broken last year by W. A. Morris
of Stanford. : >
STANFORD STUDENT "WHO
WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE *
CARNOT DEBATE.
WANT AMERICAN
MEWS BY CABLE
Mrs. Gregory is not a business woman
in the narrow sense of the world, but con
stant association with her husband in the
maturing of his plans for the mills has
given her a lively sense of conditions.
With characteristic self sacrifice she put
aside her personal sorrow in the moment *
of emergency and assumed the responsi
bility which should preserve the ideal of
the Gregory mills and the well being of its
WIckford clientele. '
William Gregory had promised his op
eratives that, winter or summer, work
would always be forthcoming. In dull
times no "shutdown" was permitted to
interfere with the community's prosper
ity. The mills are kept strictly abreast
of present ijay requirements, the worsted*
turned out are of the best, and the Greg
ory home, a delightful eojonial mansion,
stands ' like a sentinel watch over their
interests just across the'- cove. ' t'
When Governor Gregory, died on Decem
i ber 16 the. business he' Oiad established "'¦
was. incorporated, with the family as .its
officers. Albert Winson Gregory, .who is
not yet of age, relinquished his course at
Brown University to assume the posit-on
of superintendent. The house on Broad
way, which had been the family residence
during the student life of the son and the
daughter, Mary Louise, just graduated
' from Pembroke Hall, the women's annex
of the university, was given up. Mrs.
Gregory went back to the Wickforjl home,
recently remodeled under her direction as
a country seat, and gave herself- to the
which will bring her into promi
nence .as -one of the foremost business
women in America. She has become the
head of the Gregory mills, which are the
center of the business activity of the lit
tle town of Wickford, and by so doing
has averted not only temporary loss to
the factory world, but the ultimate pass
ing of the plant into* the hands of the
combine. ..i .: •
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Jan. 12.— Mrs.
William Gregory, widow of the
late Governor cf Rhode Island,
.has taken up a stupendous task,
LONDON MARKET
REMAINS DULL
! Wagner registers from Indianapolis and
is a student in the history department.
He gained his early debating' experience
while in the high school and easily made
his freshman team, which defeated the
sophomtjre debaters. He is a member of
the Delta Upsilon fraternity and of the
Euphronia Literary .Society.
.The third member of the team, Edward
W. Rice, is a law student and his home
is in Berkeley. He is president of ¦ the
Nestoria. Literary Society, president. of the:
Intersociety Debating League and a.mem
ber, .of the executive committee -of the.
Associated Students. . ' ..,, c t, .-. ;
Loofbourow. the alternate, registers'
from Salt Lake' City and is studying In"
the department gof philosophy.; lie. is an'
;•-,•-. .-. ¦¦ •;. -¦ :¦.: . ; - . .--, ¦- . - -'¦¦¦> „¦/
Herbert. C. Jones is a law major and
registers j from College Park. Jones has
been interested in debating since entering
college, but had never before won a place
on an intercollegiate team. > He Is a mem
ber of the Collegiate Debating Society of'
San Jose and of the honorary law fraterttr
ity of Phi Delta Phi.
..' was\ choseniat'. the finals Friday
night. * The students who will uphold the
Cardinal are Herbert C. Jones, '02; Fletch
er B. Wagner, '02, and Edward W. Rice,
'02. with Leon L. Loofbourow, '02, as al
ternate. • - '
TANFORD UNIVERSITY, 1 Jan. 12.
(£L —The team that; will represent
Stanford ! in • the Carnot' debate
against .the California debaters
The attorneys for the prosecution and
defense were busy to-day preparing for
the examination of witnesses in the morn
ing. John Hutton, who turned State's evi
dence and revealed'the secrets of the con
spirators, will again ¦ take the stand for
cross-examination by Lawyers Raker and
Spencer, counsel. for the defense of Jim
Brown, one of the alleged lynchers.
.There is abundant promise of an excit
ing session of the court, although Judge
Harrington has announced , that he will
not permit- any repetition of the turbulent
incidents which have already enlivened
the trial. . -
Although the names of the men have
been included in the list of those men
tioned by the State's witnesses as having
contributed to the accomplishment of the
crime, the Grand Jury for some unex
plained reason- did not indict them on the
original charge of the murder of Calvin
Hall. The new warrants will accuse them
of having murdered Jim Hall, Frank Hall,
Daniel Yantis and Martin Wilson.
-It had been supposed that a sufficient
guard was already on hand, but apjiarent
ly, the. Assistant' Attorney General-be
lieves in the ounce of prevention truism
and proposes to take no •chances.
It is expected that Mary Lorenz, the
daughter of Calvin Hall, will to-morrow
cause the arrest of several men j on new
charges in order that they may be subject
to indictment by the Grand Jury. These
persons are E.'S. Trowbridge, Orin Trow
bridge, Fred Roberts, Harry Roberts, 'J.
R. Myers, R. L. Nichols, Joseph Leven
ton and Claude Marcus.
< A noteworthy, indication that all may
not be harmony and peace was the ar
rival this"; evening of Borland,
who wassent here by Governor Gage; to
lend i his assistance in the: protection, of
the | State officers and the somewhat tim
orous witnesses 1 who have' consented to
furnish evidence against the persons im
plicated in the lynching «f Calvin Hall,
his sons and Daniel Yantis in the spring
time of last year.
ALTURAS,. Jan. J2.— The. ; tempestuous j
season of legal strife," courtroom •alterca- j
tion and f ear* and; trembling in this .com
munity is not yet ended, if-there be aughtj
of worth In- signs' or. merit, in ; - simple !
prophecy. To-day's serenity has been gen- |
erally considered 1 but a significant lull be- >1
fore' the t storm to-morrow,^ and a, possible,
disturbance*, of v -sensational : magnitude.,
some time during the week. :\ , :- .;
Special Dispatch to The Call:
The Berlin correspondents of the Lon
don papers express varying opinions of
the quarrel. The representative of ths
Dally Mail claims to know that Emperor
William will not suffer Count von Bulow
to make any more concessions to the An
glophobe feeling. This correspondent says
a successor to Count von Bulow is al
ready knocking at the door and will glad
ly enter and try to better Interpret the
Emperor's wishes.
On the other hand, the Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle believes
that the tardy official denial of the state
ment that Emperor William was going to
England shows that the latter has
changed his mind because of the Von
Bulow-Chamberlain dispute, and that Em
peror William originally intended to be
present at the memorial service for the
fate Queen Victoria at. Frogmore.
Situation in Berlin.
The Daily Mail believes that the quarrel
between Count von Bulow and Chamber
lain can benefit neither party, but admits
that Chamberlain has nothing to with
draw. But the paper cannot forget that
almos*. yearly Chamberlain has offended
some great power. First it was Russia,
then France. He irritated America by
suggesting an alliance, and is now work
ing into a quarrel with Germany, which
may go further. Great Britain's hands
are too full in South Africa to want trou
ble with Germany. The Dally Mail ex
presses thankfulness that Chamberlain is
not the British Minister of Foreign Af
fairs
The Dally Chronicle, writing on lines
somewhat similar to those of the Daily
Mail, wishes that the masterful Minister
could learn sufficient dignity and patriot
ism to sink his own personality in the
consideration of imperial interests. It de
clares that a burst of national enthusiasm
might have resulted from Saturday's
speech, /tout that the country remembers
Chamberlain' 3 previous speech, in which,
he shamelessly touted for a German al
liance.
The Dally News In an angry denuncia
tion declares the Colonial Secretary to ba
suffering from a "swelled head."
The Times unreservedly applauds Cham
berlain's reply to Count von Bulow as the
only kind the spokesman of a nation not
lost to self-respect could make to such at
| tacks.
Chamberlain's Past Offenses.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— The speech of Colo
nial Secretary Chamberlain at Birming
ham is being commented upon from the
party standpoint. It was delivered at the
annual dinner of the Jewelers* and Silver
smiths' Association, an entirely non-par
tisan gathering.. Chamberlain was in high
spirits and spoke more deliberately than
usual, puffing a cigar at Intervals. His
references to Count von Bulow, the Im
perial Chancellor of Germany, were calm
ly and even contemptuously given,.
Chamberlain's reply meets , approval
from men of his own party, but in many
quarters friendly to his policy regntt is
expressed that he should thrust hi3 own
personality so much to the front.
The Morning Post says that in thi3 mat
ter Chamberlain "has the nation solid at
Th© a Daily Telegraph declares that Count
von Bulow has helped to make Chamber
lain an even more popular and powerful
figure throughout the empire.
•¦¦¦:•-.' > < -...-. .. ' • :\ ¦ ;V"?::
Indications "*¦• of}. .Trouble in
Lynching Case Increase and the
•State Officials Are Growing ' .
:-• Apprehensive. '-'¦ ¦
"As for college fads, they are bad. The
regular college curriculum is the thing
to follow, and when students go chasing
after this thing and that thing they tum
ble over. There are too many fads and
one of the worst is the habit of sending
girls away to schools where the tuition
alone amounts to several hundred dollars
a year.
"I am in favor of dormitories and think
that all college students should live In
them. There is no use paying more than
$2 a week for board, and $150 should carry
any young man or young woman through
college for a year."
Dr. Pearsons thinks sawing wood or
raising potatoes would prove more effec
tive for the muscular development of stu
dents than playing football or baseball.
Incidentally, Dr. Pearsons declared
against college fads and expressed his be
lief that $150 a year should be enough to
eupply an- education to any boy.
"They are through raising the kind of
boys in the East that made this country
;what it is," declared Dr. Pearsons, "and
! the type of men are growing up in the
West that madfe New England famous 100
vears ago. The Eastern boys are effemi
nate. They are being reared in too much
luxury and have not that sturdiness that
characterizes the boy of the West.
"There is great promise in the young
men of these Western States. They are
poor and cannot go to college. It be
comes the duty of some one to 'take the
college to them. Every State in the Unioii,
save Wyoming and Oklahoma, has. plenty
of colleges and some of them would be
better off if they hadn't so many. The
trouble is that we get too great 'a num
ber of cheap colleges. They lower the
standard. • . ; .--¦•• .
'•I have had the greatest satisfaction
from the contributions f made in the
West, and I am through with Eastern
colleges. My next donation will be west
of Chicago, but I am not going to give
any more until- 1 get all my pledges paid
up. I have about JiOO.Otti in pledges now
outstanding. ; ¦ " *
"I don't propose to have it said that
Dr. Pearsons died in debt, so I have given
these colleges just one year from January
1 to meet my conditions— no more, no less.
When this load is off my mind I'll give
away the rest. I'm not going to leave an
estate for lawyers to quarrel over.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— Dr. D. K. Pearsons,
the aged philanthropist who has endowed
.so many small colleges, admits he is cou
;emplating further gifts to the struggling
schools of the Far West. Oklahoma and
, rt'yoming, declared Dr. Pearsons*, were
sorely in need of colleges that would be
accessible to the young men of those re
?icns. Not only docp Dr. Pearsons recog
nize this need, but he declares that the
young men of the West are the real
strength of the nation. Eastern boys, he
says, have few of the rugged qualities
that great men must possess. j,*^
Epecial Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Daily News Says the Colonial
Secretary Suffers From
" Swslled Head."
Berlin Correspondent Declares That
Because cf the Incident Kaisex
Will Not Visit
England.
Daughter of • Calvin "Hall ; Is
to Swear; Out 'More; : ;•
Warrants.- r <
"Says Youths of the Bast Are
Too Effeminate and Lack
1 Sturdinesa
Govern or Sends Ano oiier
;S Me^ ::to"Fvptect
•¦¦
Von Bulow.
British Press Is Dividsd
Over Attack Upon
7 Thus Declares Philan
thropic, Dr/ Pearsons
of Chicago.
NEW GUARD
WILL WATCH
AT ALTURAS
WESTERN BOYS
NATION'S HOPE
CHAMBERLAIN
IS CENSURED
AND PRAISED
Representatives of the Stanford -University
Debating Team Prepare for the Annual
Garnot Contest With California Students
COLLEGIANS WILL STRIVE
FOR THE ORATORS LAUREL
MRS. GREGORY TO OPERATE
HER LATE HUSBAND'S MILLS
Widow of Rhode Island-Executive Will Hold
,. Out Agains 1 . the Combine an j Care, for
Interests of H r "Family" of Wcrkingrnen
THE SAN FRA^
2
Bright's Disease and Diab 3tss
. Are Positively Curable.
John A. Phelps of the Hotel, Repelier,
781 Sutter street, an old-time San Fran-
cisco business man, interviewed December
21, 1901:
Q._It Is hard for people to believe
Bright's Disease and Diabetes are at last
curable. Will you let us mention your
case? ;i
A.— You may. I've told many about it.
Q^—Dld physicians declare it Diabetes?
A. A' half dozen did. For three years
1 1 declined steadily till finally I had to sell
j my business. The last doctor thought I'd
1 live only about six weeks and advised mo
I to straighten out my affairs.
q._ How soon did you begin to mend
I under the Fulton Compounds?
'A.— The specific gravity soon began to
drop,- but it was nearly a year before 1
was perfectly sound. '"
Q.— Did any, whom you told of it take it?
A.— Several cases of Diabetes and
Brl^ht's Disease, upon hearing my experi-
ence, took it and recovered.
o Can you recall the names?
A —I don't like to mention them without
their permission. One was a friend in Col-
linwood, Ohio, who was pensioned oft by
his company as incurable. He recovered.
Another was that of a well-to-do lady in
this city, who was also given up. by her
physicians. She is now perfectly well.
h. What do you think now of the cura-
bility of chronic Bright' a Disease and Dia-
betes? ' ' \> ' ; • *
A.— I have known for several years that
they are curableJWSBRSBPramMra
Q*-But the books say they are incur-
able. - * : ¦ * * wM^BfaiM^pMfcy^|M
A.— CeTtainly they. da, and for that rea-
son-many will not at first believe it; but
they will gradually.
M-Ddical works agree that Bright's Dis-
ease and' Diabetes are Incurable, "but 87
¦ per cent are positively recovering under
th« Fulton Compounds., (Common kidney
diseases offer but slight resistance^ Price.
$1.00 for the Bright" s Disease and $1.50 for
the Diabetes Compound. A druggist in
each city '.will carry it. Address John J. •
Fulton Co., 420 Mongomery street. De-
scriptive pamphlet mailed free.
Said Diabetes.
Six Physicians
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- ' ./¦ M visli,^"at.me etc* -^L
If California Ay
ist&sst jJJk
\§$\ All Grocers \$gzjQuite B0 per cent of the property of Eng
land is insured.
¦".- "Why. doesn't': Bigler "shine" his shoes
when he puts on • evening dress?" ¦ - /
','He says; it's the 1 style" now to* wear
them with a 'dull: finish." v .. • •„-;
"Perhaps ¦, that's the ' reason : he displays
a doubtful 'collar and a dubious 1 neck. 1 *—
Cleveland Plain Dealer. » "ec*. :
Recently one day's receipts of cattle in'
the Chicago market was 32,472 head. This
is the largest single day's receipts on rec
ord. w^fGsasKk uiLtf it itfdfflntfwj iHwlUjul huh
LONDON. Jan. 13.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Standard cables that
7000 of the bodyguard, of the Dowager
Empress of China, who Joined in the at
tack on the foreign legation at, Peking
under Prince -Tuan, returned ; to Peking
with the Chinese court.
Return of Prince Tuan's Followers.
' One of the important - matters - coming
before the congress is a proposition to
organize a State Federation of Labor.
The object is to have an organization with
full power and authority to settle all
questions concerning labor interests in
its Jurisdiction and who**, decisions would
be binding on all of the subordinate or
ganizations. Some of the delegates are
said to be In favor of keeping the con
gress up and using it as a means of or
ganizing a labor party controlled entirely
by union men.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 12.— Delegates to
the fifth session of the State Labor Con
gress, which will begin in Tacoma
Wednesday, are beginning to arrive. The
officers of the congress anticipate the
largest attendance in the history of* or
ganized labor in this State and results
commensurate with the degree of inter
est shown.
WASHINGTON MAY HAVE
A LABOR FEDERATION
Squire Croker was at the club and took
a J drive with ' ex-Mayor « Van Wyck." His
friends said that he was devoting alt his
time to the preparations that he is making
for his departure for England. John Fox
president of the Democratic. -Club, will ac
company him on the -.voyage, .and they
have not decided yet when they will start •
Croker wants to , go as - soon as \ he \ can,
and has told some of his friends that he
may sail on v January. 23.; Others have
heard that his business : interests < require
his presence In this country until the mid
dle of February 'and that he may not sail
until February. 15. - When he goes it will
be, without any/ idea of when he will re
turn.'- • •-.".-: ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - : > '<-,-;¦-. .•¦¦-.•-
NEW; YORK. Jan. 12.— No one took seri
ously to-day the withdrawal of Richard
Croker ; from . the finance committee of
Tammany Hall, and all of the politicians
who , discussed It said that . Lewis . Nixon,
who was put at the head of the committee
by Croker, was • In office only < to do the
hard work for the time that Croker thinks
Tammany will; be out ¦ of power. All of
the Democratic organizations- that- have
declared .they were to fight Tammany at
the primaries are ! still in line to • do so,
and if Nixon is really at the head of the
Hall "for keeps," he will have an oppor
tunity to defend his title to the leadership
next September.
Special . Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Dennis' condition to-day was very
much improved, and the 'attending physi
cian now believes she will recover.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Mrs. Ada Gil
bert Dennis, the fashionable modiste who
was murderously assaulted on thought
of the 8th of December,, was able for the
first time to-day to make a statement.
The police have been hopef ul^that what
she;would say would throw some light on
the'motive for the crime . or lead to". the
discovery of the perpetrator, but - Mrs.
Dennis' statement contained nothing that
would give any clew in either direction.
She said she remembers nothing about the
attack upon her and said the . blow was
struck while she was sleeping.. Nor- had
she the remotest idea who committed the
assault or the motive for It. Mrs. Dennis
said she had- not; been out of. the house
during the evening of the; assault and
that before retiring she had , locked the
doors ; to the front and back; part of the
house. The latter she occupied as a bed
room. One feature of Mrs. Dennis' state
ment that puzzles : the police is that she
said her revolver and her money . were
under her pillow when she retired. When
the crime was discovered the next morn
ing ' the revolver . was in a drawer of a
secretary near by and- the money was in
a pocketbook in a box • on a ' table ' near
the bed.'. The police are more mystified
than ever over the affair.
Mystery Still Surrounds
Assault on Sleeping
Woman.
Nixon Only a Figure
head as Tammany •
"Leader.
CHOKER IS YET
THE BIG CHIEF
BUFFALO, N. T., Jan. 12.— Henry
Pearlstein, his wife and five children,
ranging in age from 18 months to 12
years, were burned to death early to-day
in a lire that destroyed a two-story frame
building. Joseph Supowskl, who owned
the building, and Karl Bracki, his broth
er-in-law, have been arrested pending an
inxestigation. Supowski carried an in
surance of $9000 on the building and its
contents.
The Pearlsteins and another family
lived in rooms above a shoe store and
were asleep when the fire started. Supow
ski told the police to-day that he acci
dentally dropped a lamp. A few minutes
after the fire began there was a loud ex
plosion that blew out the front of the
store and hurled some of the contents of
the windows into the middle of the street.
Plate glass windows on the opposite side
of Broadway were shattered by the ex
plosion, and the report was heard two
blocks away. The flames enveloped the
building in a short time. The family liv
ing in the rear fiat barely escaped with
their lives. The Pearlsteins were awak
ened, but before they could reach the
only stairway leading from their rooms
the fire had undermined the floor in the
hallway and it collapsed, carrying them
down into a mass of flames. Their
charred bodies were found at 8 o'clock
four hourT after the firemen had extin
guished the flames. The body of the
mother and baby were found together
the little one tightly clasped in Its moth
er's arms. Pearlstein's body was found
close to that of his wife. He also held
one of the children In his arms The
bodies of the other three children were
found huddled together close to the fath
er's body.
Independent Ministry for Iceland.
COPENHAGEN. Jan. 12.— King Oscar
and the Government have decided to pre
sent a bill to Parliament permitting Ice
land to have an Independent Ministry,
with headquarters at Relkiavik, its cap
ital Up to the present the Icelandic
Minister has resided here.
His liberty, however, was short lived, for
he -walked directly into the arms of Detec
tives Hamill and Crockett and was placed
under arrest. His punishment will now
begin anew. v
At 10:30 o'clock yesterday morning he
ventured out with . the intention of visit
ing a friend who had promised to aid him
to the extent of $20 that he might get out
of the city. - *'.':'>-
On reaching the city Holt stopped a
stranger and bluntly told him the story
of his escape and in return received a
crisp two-dollar bill with which he pro
cured a room in the vicinity- of .Third
street. .
The officer who had been given the in
formation looked at the box, turned It up
side down, but Baw no legs as reported.
On reaching the city the officer exam
ined every one aboard before allowing a
single soul : to pass, onto the dock. Holt
marched in line and saluted the officer,
passed on and, was allowed to land.
As told in The Call yesterday. Home
had, been ordered to appear before the
retiring board at the Presidio, and that,
together with a weakened and nervous
condition resulting from severe illness in
the Philippines, may have caused tem
porary ¦ insanity. His wandering out in
his slippers would show, in the absence
of intoxication, that the man was suffer
ing from mental disturbance.
¦ Late last night, though In a very low
condition, it was - stated at the hospital
that Captain Home had a fair chance of
recovering. .
box, but when, she moved away Holt has
tened from his confinement and coolly
took a seat at the stern of the McDowell.
Dal Porto,- in describing : Home's com
ing- into his store, says that the captain
entered quite coolly and did not show any
signs of drink. Dr. Farmer; who hap
pened to be in the Union Square Phar
macy when- Home was brought in, de
clared that there was but a slight odor
of drink from the captain's breath, and
several army officers testify to having
seen Home as late as 5 o'clock Saturday
afternoon when he showed no signs of in
toxication or illness or effects that follow
a heavy debauch. r V -
j*^ APTAIN W. J. D. HORNE, U. 8.
ft 7. A., who inflicted a terrible wound
(I - across his throat on Saturday
night with a knife in A. Dal
Porto's fruit store, 288 O'Faxrell
street, is still in a delirious condition at
the Emergency Hospital. He is strapped
down to a cot so that he may not have
an opportunity to do further harm to
himself. In his rambling he says many
things peculiar to those suffering from
delirium, and it is still maintained at the
hospital that Home is a victim of delir
ium tremens.
STRANGE ATTACK
PUZZLES POLICE
City."
Ten minutes before the boat came along
side the wharf on Saturday morning.
Holt crawled into the box and easily
locked himself in.
In obedience to the order received the
cart came and the box with Holt inside
was pitched onto it and then hauled to
the wharf, where it remained ten minutes
before being unceremoniously thrown
aboard the McDowell. During this opera
tion three boards broke off from the bot
tom of the box, and one of the deck
hands seeing a. pair of human legs re
ported his surprise to an officer, who was
on his way from Alcatraz to the city.
A lady had also taken a seat on tho
Holt then wrote out a card and nailed
It to the lid of the box with the following
address:
"G. B. "WOOD & CO.,
725 Market Street,
Deserts the Army. *
Holt was with the United States troops
in China and deserted after Peking was
taken by the allies. He was arrested,
tried by court-martial and found guilty as
charged. He was sentenced to serve three
years on Alcatraz. He had been on the
island six months and his conduct waa
such that he earned the privilege to be
called a "trusty" and was put in charge
of the masonry work.
It was while at his post that he pro
cured a box which is used by the Govern
ment to take shoes to the island— a box
measuring 3x3x4 feet. Surreptitiously
he worked upon it, making a cover with
hinges on the inside and a contrivance
which would fasten the cover also from
the inside. When the box was finished to
his satisfaction he placed It behind the
hospital, and from day to day gathered
un an old uniform which he concealed in
it. "When he considered all was safe and
ready, Holt wrote an order to the "boss"
teamster for Its removal to the McDowell,
forging theron the name of Quartermaster
West. .
Holt will be returned to the military au
thorities, where from "trusty" he will be
put down to the lowest grade. A dungeon
and bread and water will, in all
probability, be his lot for fourteen days,
and the years he has yet to serve in
prison may be increased by the passing
or sentence upon him for forging the
name of Quartermaster West.
a large wooden box which was
carried from the island to this city by
the Government steamer McDowell, is
again in custody. He was arrested yester
day morning by Detectives Hamill and
Crockett shortly after leaving a room in
the vicinity of Third street, where he
passed Saturday night
SOLDIER FRANK H. HOLT, who
escaped from the military prison
at Alcatraz Saturday morning by
ingeniously concealing himself in
ARMY OFFICER WHO MADE STRANGfe ATTEMPT TO COMMIT SUI
CIDE AND THE SOLDIER WHO CONCEALED HIMSELF IN A BOX
AND ESCAPED FROM ALCATRAZ MILITARY PRISON.
BURN TO DEATH
IN THEIR HOME
The Commercial Company has already
presented in writing to the Government
the terms which it is willing to accept
and they go even further than the terms
imposed upon the French company and
the United States and Haytl Company.
It has gone even further than this and
accepted the post road act of 1S66, by
¦which th<^. United States Government has
at any time the right to purchase the
cable at its appraised value and in the
meantime the Postmaster General has the
right to fix the rate for Government mes
sages.
The hearings have occupied the atten
tion of the committee Sot two days and
will go on Ihis week. There are already
pending In the present Congress seven
bills on the subject of Pacific cables. Five
of these provide for the Government lay
ing a cable which will come into competi
tion with the Commercial Company; one
provides for a Government subsidy of
$300,030 per year for twenty years to a
private enterprise for laying and operat
ing such competing cable.
One bill, which seems to be aimed
directly at the Commercial Company, pro
hibits any one from laying a cable ex
cept on condition that the Government
shall have the right to purchase, or to
fix the rate at which Government mes
sages shall be sent and such further con
ditions and terms as the President may
deem proper.
This company has, through its auxiliary,
i he Pacific Commercial Cable Company,
already placed a contract for the cable
¦sv-hich It purposes to lay, and other cable
companies that are not ready to under
take so great an enterprise are urging
the Government to lay a cable, too. Thus
President Scrymser of the South and Cen
tral American Company and his attorney,
Mr. bayless, are pieaaing with the com
mittee to report a Government cable bill;
yet. they were before the committee in
the last Congress for a private Govern
ment cable bill, with a Government sub
sidy attached.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— One Of the
hardest fights now before Congress has
suddenly developed ever the bills being
considered by the House Committee on
Interstate and Foreign Commerce for the
laying of a Government cable In the Pa
cific to Hawaii and the Philippines. The
committee is in the midst of a hearing
on these bills and thus far it has been
shovrn that it is a struggle of the Com
mercial Cable Company against the lield.
Ei>eclal Dispatch to The CalL
At the conclusion of the banquet the
French Premier, who was accompanied
by his wife, took the train for Paris. He
was enthusiastically cheered by the
crowd at the station. The other Minis
ters will remain here to participate in the
conclusion of the festivities to-morrow.
The threatened hostile demonstration
cm not occur and good order was main
tained.
The twentieth century rises In the forever
dispersed ruins of royalty, Orleanism and em
pire, and the French democracy is preparing
to pass sentence on the vain parodies and bad
forgeries of sincere patriotism and on the spirit
of revolution. T -i'i '. K ¦/¦,'¦
To-day it Is nationalism, the name of ex
pectancy, allowing each element to cherish the
hope of duping the others. It Is the monarchy
of Caesarlsm of. to-morrow, & connecting link
between aristocrats who have become familiar
and demagogues who have become haughty.
The clever men -who sought success in this
equivocation have made a false calculation.
They took too great care to hide themselves
from the ancient parties, and thus signed their
abdication and' gradually accustomed the coun
try to take note of -their definitive downfall.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau concluded by re
calling' the tactics of the adversaries of
the republic He said the first anti-Re
publican coalition had been formed of
contradictory elements which had found
no title that they could avow as theirs.
The speaker dubbed it the "Nameless
party," and said that later it took the
name of the faction of the soldier Bou
langer. Said he:
Denounces Foes of the Republic.
The work accomplished by the Legislature
permits us to contemplate the future confi
dently. The coming consultation with the
country will be a greater victory for the re
public, because we shall impose upon ourselves
a stricter discipline. . .«^.
•Referring to the liquor legislation, which
had resulted in a loss to the treasury,
the Premier said that the transitory de
ceptions attributed to this law were not
too heavy a price to pay for the suppres
sion of the scourge of alcoholism, which
threatened the existence of the race.
Alluding- to the naval programme ¦ of
France, M. Waldeck-Rousseau said that
submarine boats, the construction of
which was due to French genius, were
calculated to overturn the laws of naval
pre-eminence. /y~
The Premier spoke of the development
•of the French African republics and said
that energetic action In France had given
French . influence a. new authority. Con
tinuing, he said:
The presence of an Italian squadron at
Toulon has shown that we are capable of in
spiring sympathies, and the presence of the
Czar of Russia at Bethany has shown that we
are able to strengthen an alliance and increase
our strength in the confidence France has suc
ceeded In inspiring:, and In the spirit of equity
which she has shown in all foreign relations.
We have thus better served the interests of
the country than by a policy of bluster, which
is more calculated to alarm everybody than
frighten any one. Other men may have con
ceived loftier designs, but they could not have
shown that good faith of perseverance.
He recalled the sweeping Republican
victory In the municipal elections and
said that the hour for action, instead of
defense, had seemed to have arrived, and
that the Government submitted a pro
gramme of reforms. He said the adop
tion of the law of associations had mark
ed a decisive step forward, ¦ from the
point of view of economic development
<ind its guarantees of society. Notwith
standing: a prediction of agitation, . the
speaker said, the law of associations has
begun to be executed and it would be
carried out in the spirit in which it was
conceived, without passion and without
weakness. /
New Influence of France.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau declared that
since the formation of his Ministry the
country had acquired a security unknown
for a long time, and that it required an
incurable pessimism not to recognize that
the bad days had gone by. When the
Cabinet took office, he said, the factions
of the party which guarded France as its
own property and patriotism as a politi
cal Industry, the sole patent of which it
conferred upon itself, were prepared to
:t'.surp power by the exercise of veritable
'tyranny, and that within the first year
this tyranny was succeeded by material
and moral disorder.
In the ¦evening, at a banquet at the, pre
fecture tendered . to the trench Premier
by the Republicans of the department of
the Loire, M. Waldeck-Rousseau, reply
ing to a toust to his health, made the
principal speech of the day. In it he set
forth the position of the Government of
the coming "eneral- elections.
The speech took the form of a review
of the policy of the Government and the
work of the present Legislature. It ex
pressed the firm conviction that the elec
tions would result in a striking victory
for the republic and overthrow the forces
of reaction.
A reception by the delegates to the la
bor and commercial organizations fol
lowed.
Position of the Government.
was conlined to local topics, came the uii-'
a tiling oi the statue to Marc Joseph
Francois cJarnier, a captain of me French
navy and an expiorer, oorn here in l&tt*.
and wnose efforts helped to obtain ior
France her colonial possessions of An
nam and Tonquin, where Captain Gamier
was assassinated in 1&73 by the "black
nags." . The unveiling of tnis statue was
made the occasion or a great ovation to
the French* Premier and the other Minis
ters. .' ' • -'.'¦;
Alter luncn at tne Hotel de Ville, at
which -JV1. WaldecK-Kousseau's- speech
Upon leaving one of the .hospitals which
was founded in lbSO the French Premier
said: ;
."It Is not a hospital that I have just
visited; it is a vestibule to the morgue."
He promised to do his utmost to secure
governmental aid' in- building a new one.
••Vive .LiOubct."
greeted with cheers and cries of "Vive la
repubuque," "Vive 1 la Gouvernement" and
icousseau and the otner Ministers were
ST. ETIENNE, France, Jan. 12.— The
opening of thfe ministerial) electoral cam
paign here to-day proved an unqualified
success. The weather was fine and cold.
Since yesterday morning the capital of
the Loire has been filled with people .from
the surrounding districts and numerous
visitors from >\iris and other parts of
France.
Besides -M. Waldeck-Rousseau, the
French Premier, the Ministers ' of War,
Marine, the Colonies and Commerce were
in attendance, pjs were the principal mil
itary and civil officers of the department.
• To-day's ceremonies included visits to
the hospital- and -other local institutions
of St. titienne. lne town was elaborate
ly decorated with flags.' M. Waldeck-
Provide for Establishment of
a Government Line
Across Ocean.
Predicts Victory for the Re
public at the Coming
Election.
Many Bills Befpre the
House Commerce
Committee.
M. Waldeck - Rousseau
Outlines Policy of
Government.
FRENCH MINISTRY
OPENS CAMPAIGN
PACIFIC CABLE
FIGHT NOW ON
MARCONI TELLS
OF HIS PLANS
FREQUENT DELAYS
TIRE DELEGATES
intends Going to Eng
land to Make Changes
in His Plant.
Members of Pan-Ameri
can Congress Grow- >
ing
Expects to Resume Opera
tions Across Ocean With
in a Month.
Absence of Mexican Repre-'
sentatives Retards the
" Deliberationa
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— William Marconi
arrived in New York early this morning
from Montreal. He spent Sunday at the
Hoffman House among friends and will
devote the next' two days to business af
fairs here, sailing for England on Wed
nesday, according to his present inten
tion. To-morrow evening, he is to attend
a dinner given in his honor by the Ameri
can Institute, of Electrical Engineers at
the Waldorf -Astoria. • - ¦• . , '
j Marconi said he was going back to Eng
land to make some further changes in
his plant there for the conduct of experi
ments in trans-Atlantic telegraphy ac
cording, to his system, and that there
would be a resurx ption of the experiments
across the ocean probably within a month.
The next experiments will be carried on
by the inventor on the other side and his
assistants here.
_The . receiving station here : will be in
Nova Scotia, as has already been an
nounced,, owing to the opposition which
the Anglo-American Telegraph Company
has ; raised in Newfoundland. But within
a very short time there will be a station
in Massachusetts and experiments will be
conducted. between. the >United States and
England direct.
. Although it has not been announced
publicly, .work has-been going on for
eight months on a plant for the Marconi
system at South Wellfleet. a few miles
south of . Provincetown, on Cape Cod.
The J'plant/.' if it may be so called, in
Newfoundland, was of a temporary char
acter, but that in course of construction
at Cape Cod will be a stable one. Al
though there Is an Atlantic cable landing
at South Wellfleet, there is no monopoly
in Massachusetts of the charter which
enabled the Anglo-American Company to
obstruct Marconi in the British colonies,
and he said to-day that he expected to
begin operation there within the present
year — he could not tell how soon — and also
at some North Atlantic point, probably
in New Jersey. - +
Marconi said that more power would be
used in the experiments at Nova Scotia
and at South Wellfleet than had been
used for the Newfoundland experiments.
The Newfoundland experiments had not
given him any new ideas as to his inven
tion or discovery beyond satisfying him
that the waves traversed a long distance,
as he had believed that they did. ¦ »
RULER DEMANDS
EIGHTY HEADS
' MEXICO CITY, Jan. 12.— The meetings
fixed for this morning between the repre
sentatives of the 'American,' Mexican, Ar
gentine; and . Peruvian "delegations to tho
Pan-American Conference 'for. the purpose
of definitely.: settling the "arbitration dis
pute did not take" place, the Mexican rep
resentatives ¦ having asked for a further
postponement: on account of not having
been able to consult with President Diaz,,
who . is absent from the city. In the'
meantime the Argentines " arid their
friends are getting tired • of delays, aod
say that if they are prolonged beyond a
reasonable point they will take them as
equivalent to a definite rejection of •thieir.
claims to have the compulsory plan
passed through the and will
therefore withdraw. The Chileans, on : the'
other hand, have not abated . their de
mand, that the compulsory plan shall' not'
be reported to the conference, and they
drop-, all sorts of mysterious hints about
what they will do if - it is. The Chileans
base their claims not only on the general'
understanding that nothing disagreeable
to Chile was to be discussed- by-.*' the con
ference,, but upon the alleged verbal arnT
specific promise made to their Minister,
Bellocodecido, in an interview by Ignacto
Mariscal, Minister of Foreign Relations of
the Mexican Government, that the sub-,
ject of compulsory arbitration should
be brought up. •'¦•¦; ' ." • ; ¦
Chileans Hold Advantage.
The Mexicans say. that the Chileans
misunderstood the real import of this in
terview.- • Nevertheless, . at -the proper
moment it looks very much as if tha
Chileans were going to have their way
though it: is impossible to make any cer
tain forecast. If the Argentines and 'their
friends withdraw they will .-most assured
ly do so during the course of the present
week. No one here can clearly under
stand why the Chileans should not . take
the same ground as the United States in
this matter, viz., refrain from having any
thing to do with the compulsory treaty,
but allow those : who want to sign it full
liberty to ¦ do so. . . ¦ V
The, committee on general warfare ha3
adopted the resolutions of Volney Poster
of the United States and Senor Chavero
of Mexico, looking to the preservation of
archaeological monuments in the coun
tries of America. The resolutions are as
follows: sr.^5 :'¦
."Whereas. There exists in the!territory of the
republics represented 'in this conference archae
ological, anthropological and ethnological re
mains of inestimable value, which the course
of time, corrosion and - vandalism are effacing
and destroying. Therefore be It ;
International American Museum.
Resolved. That this conference recommends
to the respective republics represented that an
international American archaeological commis
sion be created, . the President of each of the
American republics to name one or more mem-'
bers of said commission, .who shall be appointed
for five years or more; that each Government
that Is represented shall defray the expenses
of Us commissioner or \ commissioners ; that
the other expenses necessary for the p'rosecu
tlon of the work herein contemplated and for
the . publication of the report of said commis
sion shall be provided for by the different Gov
ernments in the same manner as now In forco
for the support of the Bureau of American Re
publics; that the organization' of f the commis
sion shall take place In the city of Washing
ton, United States of America, within two
years from this date; that the accounts of said
commission shall be entirely in the charge of
the Bureau of American Republics; that the
commission. shall' meet at least once a year,
and that it shall have power to name sub-com
mittees charged especially with the work of
exploration or other duties.
Resolved, That It Is the Intention of the con
ference, in providing for the creation ! of this
commission, that its labors shall result in the
establishment at some place to be designated
by the majority of the republics approving this
recommendation of an international American
museum, which shall be. made the center for
works of Investigation and Interpretation and
the receptacle for the materials gathered to
gether by the said commission, and that com
mittees shall be likewise- appointed by the said
commission, which shall uncover and preserve
the rums of the principal ancient cities exist
ing within the American republics and estab
lish in each republic a. museum. of objects col
lected in such cities and so far as practicable
to provide conveniences for the visiting public
/ Date palms, brought In from Africa, are
thriving in Arizona and Southern Califor
"nia. ,'¦.:-¦£
TACOMA, Jan. 12.— Eighty tax collec
tors and other officials in Korea have
been sentenced to death by the Emperor
for a wholesale . robbery of. taxes coilect
ed by them during the last six years. It
is already known that the stealings -will
amount. to at least 10.000,000 yen- and the
investigation has not been finished.
.- In ¦ their effort to provide larger rev
enues the members of the present Cab
inet, headed by the Finance Minister
Ye-Yoh-Yok, determined to stop what
they supposed Were small peculations by
the revenue collectors." They were sur
prised to learn that the collectors were
regularly pocketing from 10 to 25 per
cent of all money paid them. An inves
tigation of back . accounts was then un
dertaken with startling; results. It la al
leged that former high officials, including
Cho-rveng-Jlk, an ex-Premier, were in£
plicated in the thievery. • « « «»
After assembling these facts Finance
Minister Ye-Yoh-Yok placed the facts be
fore the Emperor, urging that a death
sentence be % passed upon ' every official
who has stolen over 2000- yen. The Em
peror's sanction, was given several weeks
ago and the' executions will soon begin
The condemned men and their friend3 are
making strong protests. • I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
3
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOIffiAY, JANUARY 13. 1902.
Captain Home Rests in Hospital Suffering,
It Is Said, From Delirium Tremens, While
the Dungeon Awaits Private Holt
WOULD-BE SUICIDE SHARES
ATTENTION WITH DESERTER
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, at* rail or steamship and rail, at
XiOTITBS? HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS 1HCLUDE BiS-iVa aod HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 2, 12. 22.
S3. GEO. "W. ELDER Sails
Jan. 18, 28: Feb. 7. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. ra.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt. 1 Montg'y.S.F.
Only SteamslUp Zjlxxo *o
PORTLAND, Op.,
O. R, & N* CO.
ADvj£±tTIKKM F.NTS.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,' Central
and South. American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. jler 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL Jan. 28IPALENA Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15lA steamer...
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Freight
and passenger office. 31« California street. -
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americans de Vacoras
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T0BE. 80OT5UMPT0N. LO.^DOSf. PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22f Philadelphia ...Feb. 12
St. Paul Jan. 29. it Paul. Feb. 19
St. Louis Feb. B/St Louis Feb. 26
— RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
South wark Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb. 12
Vaderland Jan. 20 Haverford Feb. 19
Kensington ....Feb. R Frlesland Feb. 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
\ CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Friday. March 21st. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . Far
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tcr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of salllnjr. - -
SS. HONOKONO MARU
....Thursday, January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
HOW IS YOUR I/IVEJR ?
._»_. Em A B BCtw.w^s9 JLflfyS Die«a ¥^5Jy uSBa
-^atSJttW Kfl a H tt3$Qk n¥ B^ pfcni > BgSm wkmr _
Por Billons and Nervous Disorders, such a* Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache
' Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness. Cold Chills.
Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cortl veness, Blotches on the Skin
Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations. Sec Tho
Firm* Domo will afvp Rollot In Tymnty Mlnutam. This Is no fiction. Every
sufferer Is earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged
*° .*?." A <»V IN ? A A B ??-'L BEECH AM'S PILLS, taken sT dlrertS. wW
quickly restore Females to complete health. They promptly remove any obstruction or
Irregularity of the system. For • ,
Weak Stomach; Impaired Digestion; Disordered Liver
they act like magic-a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital Organs ; Strengthen-
ing the muscular system; restoring the long-lost Complexion t-brlngrfne back the keen *
edge of appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud of Health tho wholo Physical
Energy °* the human frame. These are "facts", admitted .by thousands, in all classes
of society, and* one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that
Boocham'm Pit la havo tho largest Sale of any Patent Modiclno In the
¦ World* Fall directions with each box. :
• Prepared only by THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens. Engr.,snd 365 Canal St., New York.
Sold Evcrywhoro, In Boxes, 10 cents and 25 corn's.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. X NAVY YAR) AND^LLEn
:Staam«n GES. FRISBIS'oc HONTICELD
8:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:3C p. m.. except Sun-
day. . Sunday. S:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. is., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* W
cents. ; • Telephone Main • 1503. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. ' .- . ;-.:;-.
Weekly Call.S1.00 per Yeii
COJtPAQMS GENERALS TRAfl3ATLASTIQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS „_
Balling, every Thursday. Instead olJWfi*?"&
Saturday, at 10 «ym., from pier 42. Jtstfwl
North River, foot of Morton street.' -
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seeon.i
c!»ss to Havre, $43 and uowarrL GENERAL.
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all. Railroad Ticket Agents.
Broadway. N. Y.
CLARK'S CRUISE OP THE "CELTIC."
THE LARGEST STEAMER IN THE WORLD
t t h° e MEDITERRANEAN 4i£ ORIENT
FEBRUARY 8, 74 DATS. $400 AND UP.
Including Shore Excursions. Hotels. Drives, etc.
18 DATS IN EGYPT and the HOLY LAND.
Clark's recursions to irurope 19O.2.
Send for Drosrrammes. F. C CLARK. Ill
S3. VENTCRA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.... Thurs.. Jan. 16. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ......
Saturday. Jan. 25, '03. 2 p. m.
i. D.SPSECXELS k BROS. CO., tatrai Aunts. 327 Hariri ft
W\ Passngir OfScs, 143 Mirkat St., Pier lo. 7. Pati&s St
oceanics.s.co. gasM?
Cabin, $105: Steerage. $40; Mrals Free.
5. S. Ar&jrii tails Tueadny, Jan. 28
6. 6. Leelanaw rails Monday, Feb. 3
*». 6. Argyll rrnlln Monday. Mar. 10
: From Howard-street wharf at 2 p m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
TO NEW YORK VU P4NAM\ 'DHEJI.
PANAMA R. R.-TB5?
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamera leave Broadway
U»W^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KfttShj. For Ketchikan, Juneau.
mii&Zj£>m^ Skasway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
B??>ftWKja m.. Jan. 11. 16, 21, 2i\ 31.
Ifc^Safl n\l Feb - 5 - Change to company's
pKigH>»«flB steamers at Seattle.
t '"^^fcSgJfflQi For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
*"& coma. Everett. New VVhat-
ccm— 11 a. m.; J Jan. 11, 18. 21. 26. 31. Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 12. 17, 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), •Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East - San Pedro. San
Pedro and 'Newport (»Bonlta only).
Bonlta. 9 a. in.. Jan, 2. 10, 18. 20. Feb. 3.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Jan. 6. 14, 22. 30, Feb.. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, ' Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m,, 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folders.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or nail-
ing dates.
TICKET OTTICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
1 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN' TRAVEL.
V There is no article^
I where there is not 1
U something"cheaper" K
Jl to compete. And it JJ)
' lj usually is "cheaper" (j
j in every sense of the I
I word. You don't a
I want the " cheaper " 1
H sort, the best is none II
I! too good for you. ||
II This applies with I
U force to "Tapioca," I
11 : for no article requires If/
|\ greater care in selec- 11
B tion and preparation. S
1 " cai— "N»«N«SH«« —lw--— w^ «wni«w^»«ssBjr^-rrS-^^^*"^
¦' ' '." ¦ . ¦ ' '. ¦ , /~~^^^^^^^ M^"^^" M . . .. _¦ ¦
The greatest train across the continent High speed combined with ~
high-class accommodations have mada it the most popular with. travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M. \
City Met Office, 641 Market St,
Headache
kills, not necessarily suddenly,
but SURELY. It preys upon the
intellectual powers more than
we realize. It consumes the
vitality faster than nature can
replenish it, and we cannot tell
just "what moment a temporary
or complete aberration of the
mind will result. Headache and
pain should be promptly re-
moved — but properly. Many
pain cures are more harmful
than the pain.. Beware. If
you would be safe, take
mfi.- Pain Pills.
"Ai a rcsalt of neuralgia I lost the
nght of my right eye, and the pain I
havesutared is incomprehensible, be-
«g obliged to take opiates almost con-
tiap^X; A- friend gave me one of Dr.
Males' Pain Pills and it promptly re-
lieved me. I then purchased a box and
now my troable is gone. They hare
also cured my daughter of nervous
headache, and I heartily recommend
them to others."— W. J. Coaixy. Bre-
roond, Texas.
Sold by Druggists. 25 Doses, 25c
Or. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.The French Budget Committee has re
fused to grant tha funds necessary to
carry out the naval scheme adopted last
year. The Government has asked for four
battleships to be laid down in 1902, but
the committee will allow only- for one.
boats in the British navy for more than
a year and have given results justifying
its use in larger ships. The cruiser Ar
rogant of 6800 tons and 10,000 horsepower
is to have her six after boilers fitted to
use petroleum, and two battleships and a
couple of cruisers in the Channel fleet are
to try a fuel consisting of oil and coal
mixed. .
• # •
A complete reorganization Is contem
plated in Spain of Its dockyards and ar
senals. Caracas and Cartagena will be
utilized for building of ships of less than
5000 tons; Ferrol for ships over 5000 tons,
and Cadiz for the manufacture of guns
and storage of ammunition. The Cortes is
asked for 12,400,000 with which to com
plete or advance eight armored cruisers
and gunboats that have been. in hand for
several years,- among which the most no
table are: CIsnero, requiring $177,000; Re-
Ine .Regente, $577,500; Catalonia, $1,140,000,
and Princess Asturlas, $375,000. Cisnero
and Asturlas were launched In 1S96, while
Catalonia, begun January 23, 1890, was not.
launched until September 24, 1900. and Is
only about two-thirds completed. Two
gunboats, Bazan and Molina, each of 823
tons, are likewise Incomplete, although
they were launched nearly six years ago.
RUSSIAN CRUISER RETVTZAN,
THE SWIFTEST OF HER
CLASS AFLOAT.
FENCES-^A.;S.v City. The general law
of this State Is that it is unlawful for any
person. in any city or town. 'owning real
According to the latest compilation there: are over
4600 : persons in this country who 4 are known to be
millionaires, and there '- are probably a good /many
more who keep their wealth hidden in order to shirk
taxes. : In fact a millionaire will" soon ;cease to be
anything remarkable in - any community in . this
country.. ' */ 4J . ' ,' : / /
According to the report of the Registrar General of
Ireland the birth rate exceeded the deaths last year
by 13*853, bat the emigration amounted to 45,228, so
that the population decreased during the year by
3M35- The only gratifying feature of the report is
that over 86 per cent of the husbands and more than
89 per cent of the wives who were married during the
year could read and write, so that education is in
"*«asiajf at any rate, even if the population declines.
LIGHT, AND SOUND— T. W. B., City.
Light S travels at the, rate of 186,660 : miles
per second, and it takes eight minutes and
eighteen seconds to travel from the sun
to the earth. Any phenomenon, therefore,
occurring on the surface of the sun, is not
observed by .the inhabitants of the earth
till that time afterward. ¦; Sound travels In
still 1 air at the freezing point at the rate
of 1090 feet : per second. The ' report i of ; a
gun one mile distant would not be heard
till nearly five seconds after the flash was
seen. . The moisture ; in j the air^ and , di
rection of 'the; wind,; as well as the tem
perature, to %ome extent modify the time
elapsing between the flash and the report.
LEVEL AND SQUARE— W., Santa
Cruz.," Cal. The expression, "We . meet
upon the level and part upon the square,"
is an ; expression I that is used by many
members of jj the fraternity | of Free and
Accepted Masons and- is based - upon the
teaching of the craft. : As far back as
1517. there ,was; discovered a square upon
which was inscribed:;; ...
"I, will strive to live with ease and care,
Upon the level, by the square."
The level and the square are working
tools in a subordinate or blue lodge.
Time — a. m. Time— a. m. | Time — a. m.
1 Bell 12:30 1 Bell..... 4:30 1 Bell 8:30
2 Bells.... 1:00 2 Bells....' 5:0012 Bella.... 9:00
3 Bells.... 1:303 Bells.... 5:30 3 Bella. .„ 9:30
4 Bells..:. 2:00 4 Bells.... 6:00 4 Bells.. ..10:00
5 Bells.... 2:30 5 Bells.... 6:30 5 Bells.. ..10:30
fl Bells.... 3:00 6 Bells.... 7:006 Bells... .11:00
7 Bells.... 3:30 7 Bells.... 7:3017 Bells.. ..11:30
8 Bells.... 4:00 3 Bells.... 8:00|8 Bells.. ..Noon
Time — p. m. Time — p.- m. I Time — p. - m.
1 Bell 12:301 Bell 4:30,11 Bell 8:30
2 Bells.... 1:00 2 Bells.... 5:00 2 Bells 9:00
3 Bells.... 1:30 3 Bella. ... 5:30 3 Bells.... 9:30
4 Bells.... 2:00 4 Bells.... 6:00 4 Bells.. ..10:00
6 Bells:... 2:301 Bell 6:30 5 Bells.. ..10:30
6 Bells.... 3:00 2 Bells.... 7:00 6 Bells.. ..11:00
7 Bells.... 3:303 Bells.... 7:30 7 Bells... .11:30
8 Bells.... 4:00 4 Bells.... 8:00 8 'Bells.. Midn't
On shipboard, for purpose of discipline and to
divide the watch fairly, . the crew Is mustered
in two . divisions— the starboard (right side,
looking toward the head) and the port (left).
Th« day commences at noon. ; and Is • thus di
vided: Afternoon watch, noon to 4 p. m.; first
dogr watch, : 4 p. m. ¦ to 6 p. m. ; second dog
watch, 6 p. m. to 8 p. m.; first watch, 8 p. m.'
to' midnight; middle watch, 12 a. m."to 4 a. m.;
morning watch. 4 a. m. to 8 a. m.; forenoon
,watch, 8 a. m. to noon. ..This makes seven
watches, which enables the crew. to keep them
alternately, as the watch which comes on duty
at noon one day has the afternoon next day,
and" the men who have only four hours' rest
one night have eight hours the next. -This is
the reason for having dog watches, which are
made by .dividing the hours : between 4 d m
and 8 d. xn. into two watches. ¦ '
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, choicest Winter
Resort In the world, offers best living, climate
boating, bathing, i fishing and most amuse
ments. E.-; S. Babcock. manager, Coronado 'Cal
¦¦- ' '¦¦',' ¦ ' ¦ ¦: - .. ¦¦ . ¦.--.' *
FROM CIVIL LIFE— L. C.-..;C.,. City.
Persons may be appointed from civil life
to the United States army. I Applications
are ¦ made to ,the commander in chief of
the army.' The qualifications are those re
quired for the branch of the service in
which the applicant seeks admission. A
man may also enter the army as a private
and within two years take an examination
for a commissioned office. ¦'¦
BELL AND TIME— Curious, Oakland.
Cal. Time is kept on board of ships by
means of bells, although there is but one
bell on the ship, and to. strike th» clap
per properly against the - bell requires
some skill. First two strokes of the clap
per at an interval of a second, then two
more strokes with a second's interval
apart, then a rest of two seconds, thus—
Bell one second, bell two seconds, bell
one second, bell two seconds, bell one sec
ond, bell two seconds, bell. The follow
ing are the bells that are struck forenoon
and afternoon: /
TOO* GENERAL-G. H. D., Lodi, Cal.
The answer to the question, "What pre
mium do you give for a coin of 1820?" is
that this department «soes not give any
premium for any coin, as It is. not in the
business, and second, the correspondent
does not state whatthe coin is, therefore
it is impossible to state if it is of mote
than - intrinsic value. There were hun
dreds of different coins Issued in 1820. . -
VESSELS— D. B. E.. City. The com
pany that has the largest tonnage in the
world is the . Hamburg- American. , The
tonnage amounts to 668,000. The company
owning the largest number of vessels is
the Irrawaddy Flotilla Company, Limited,
of London, it owning 112 vessels. The firm
owning the. largest number of sailing ves
sels is A. D. Bordes & Sons of Dunkirk,
having on Its roll thirty-four vessels, •
j "Tour efforts are not giving satisfaction.
We feel you should be more energetic and
that you should try to influence the Amer
ican Government to take our slde"in-thl3
affair. " You are not doing half enough,
and if you want an example you should
turn to Sir Chih-chen Lo Feng Luh, tha
Minister in London. He Is the man who
is doing all the work."
"This is very extraordinary," he replied.
"I also have had a message from Li Hung
Chang. This is what he says to me:
Unfortunately for Li's little game, Sir
Chlh-chen and Wu Ting Fang happened
to be close friends, and the Minister here
confided what had happened to bis friend
In Washington. Wu Ting Fang was, to
say the least of it, surprised.
"We are not satisfied with your efforts
in London. The English are hostile, and
you must do something to alter matters.
You are not energetic enough. You are
neglecting to influence the Government.
The man who is doing all the work is
your colleague In Washington, Wu Ting
Fang. He is . the man you should imi
tate."
Many tales are told of the dealings of 14
Hung Chang with his diplomatic subordi
nates, says the Candid Friend, and therd
is a characteristic story afloat with re
gard to his relations with the present
Minister to England, Sir Chlh-chen Lo
Feng Luh. The time was that of the
siege of the legations In Peking, when all
the civilized world was In fear as to the
fate of the- beleaguered and when China,
with her emissaries and all pertaining to
her, was looked on -with no very friendly
eye. Li Hung Chang was the virtual ruler
of China, and It jras from him that the
various Ministers and >Embassadors re- 1
ceived their instructions. There had ap
parently been some fresh manifestation of
European displeasure, when one day the
Minister to England received from 14 a
message, the purport of which was as fol
lows: •
Li Wrote to Both Men.
THE POLICE FORCE— J. R. B., City.
To become a member of the police de
partment of San Francisco the applicant
must be a citizen of the United States,
of good character, for honesty and so
briety, able -to read and write Eng
lish, and have been a resident of the city
and county for at least five years next
preceding appointment. . He must not be
lesa than 21 nor more than 35 years of age,
and must possess the physical qualifica
tions required for recruits for the United
States army, must j pass a satisfactory
medical examination. The pay of Chief
is $4000 per annum; captain of detectives,
$3000; sergeant of detectives, $1800; cap
tains, $2400; lieutenant, $1680; sergeants,
$1500; corporals, $1404; patrolmen, $1224.
Examinations for appointment are under
civil service rules, and are held when oc
casion requires.
ENGLISH COLONIES-Sub., Calistoga,
Cal. In this State it is customary to
class the people of different foreign na
tionalities as colonies. The largest Eng
lish colony In California is in San Fran
cisco. The largest in the State of, Wash
ington is in Jefferson County.
It is riot at all likely that either of the three plans
will ever be adopted in" its- "entirety. The Socialists
are strongly, in favor of the establishment of Govern-^
pent competition, and it is said they are utilizing
the present discontents for the purpose of working
As a matter of course opinions on ¦*. the issue are
divided.! Some authorities defend them as necessary
and beneficial, while others denounce .them as de
structive and subversive of normal industrial devel
opment. Among those who regard them as evils
wide differences of opinion exist as to the best meth
ods of dealing with them. One set of economists
would have them suppressed by statute; Another
set advocates the formation of state monopolies as
a means of restoring the commercial equilibrium.
The latter advise, for example, the operation of state
coal mines so as to enable all manufacturers to ob
tain coal on fair terms instead of leaving the mines
under the control of private corporations, who show
favors to certain parties at the expense of others. A
third set of economists, suggest the establishment
of coalitions on the part of those affected by the
trusts so as to protect themselves against extortion
or- injustice. By. their plan there- would be organ
ized, for example, a coalition of gas and ¦ smelting
works against a coal monopoly, a coalition of beet
growers against a sugar trust, and a coalition of
spinning mills against a weaving manufacturing trust.
Dr. Frederick Rose, British Consul at Stuttgart,
has made an elaborate report to his Government on
the industrial situation in Germany, and in the course
of it has given a review of the various opinions held
by German thinkers concerning trusts. He notes, in
the first place, that in his judgment # the depression is
due not so much to a monopoly of manufacturing by
trusts as to over-speculation on the part of financiers
and the recklessness with which banks and financial
institutions expanded their operations during the
years of prosperity that immediately preceded the
present situation. Whatever may have been . the
cause of the evil, however, the effect has been that
of arousipg something of hostility to the great indus
trial combinations of the country, and an excited dis
cussion is going on concerning them.
t-h OR a variety of reasons the people of Germany
|H have given to trust problems more attention
-*¦ than has been given by the people of any other
country. In the first place industry in Germany is
more largely under the domination of trusts than
it is elsewhere, and in the second place the" industrial
depression, which has thrown thousands of working
men out of employment, has presented to them as
matters of practical and pressing importance many
phases of the" subject which in this country are
looked upon as subjects for mere academic discus
sion.
GERMAN VIEWS OF TRUSTS.
WOODWARD'S GARDENS-^!. G. M.,
City. An order was made by Superior
Court Judge Wallace on the 10th of June,
1891. directing that the animals in Wood
ward's Gardens be sold in accordance with
a prayer for partition of property.
As for Mr. Wright's first proposition, it is a< sur
prise to the country that there is not now in the
organic law a provision for the punishment of mem
bers who resort to violence or instigate it. ; • Every
body thought that was the case. The belief that it
was originates in the declaration of labor, that mem
bers of unions never do any of the' violent things.that
mark the history of; every great strike,; and taking
human nature as it 13, it was 'supposed that such ab
stention was = possible only . because the union rules
forbade and punished it. That , branch of Mr.
Wright's proposed reform may be dismissed, and the
whole attention of the public may be centered upon
the legal incorporation : of^the unions. The various
meetings of the different federations of labor, should
attend to the matter and bring it before Congress and
the" State Legislatures/^ \ • >' ' ''¦.'- * !
Should it I be that Mr. Wright speaks for the
unions, these propositions are in the nature of a
proposition emanating from them and submitted to
the public for its consideration. The secoiid of these
propositions has been heretofore advocated by The
Call, and we approve it now ! as coming from the
unions. The unions have power, and power and re
sponsibility are inseparable. Much' friction between
employers and employes and great loss to the pub
lic may be saved by the speedy enactment of Mr.
Wright's proposition. No intelligent man can ques
tion.the benefit to the unions of a legal status and a
standing in court which will enable them to enforce
contracts when violated by employers. : Nor can any
ope object to legal equality in that respect between
them and the employers. Both should be free to con
tract, and neither free to violate a contract. ; 7' : -'
In a recent address to the Merchants' Club in Chi
cago he said that the organic law of all labor unions
must contain a provision for the punishment of all
members who commit or instigate violence during a
strike, and that the laws of the country must require
the legal incorporation of labor.unions in order that
they may have a standing in court to enforce con
tracts against employers and respond to breach of
contract themselves. "
MR. CARROLL D. WRIGHT, United States
Labor Commissioner, has been always
recognized as one of the foremost advocates
of labor unions. In his report on the railroad strike
of 1894 he went to such extremes in justification of
that movement as to antagonize the administration,
which put it down by use of the regular army. It
has come to be taken for granted that he speaks
almost as a representative of organized labor, and for
this reason his. utterances have a significance greater
than they derive from his official position.
STATIONARY ENGINEERS— D. A. X...
Giant, Cal. There is in San Francisco a
branch of the National Association of
Stationary Engineers. It meets every
Tuesday in Foresters* Hall, 20 Eddy
street. A. H. Day is the secretary.
WRIGHT ON LABOR UNIONS.
COURT INTERPRETERS— I. L., City.
The interpreters of foreign languages for
the courts of San Francisco are appoint
ed by the Superior Judges and' are not
under the civil service rules: ',
A significant feature of the short debate in the
House on the canal bill was the assertion made by
several speakers that the bill should be passed as it
is, and that any defects in it could be remedied by
amendment in the Senate. That looks like a formal
surrender on the part of the House of all pretension
to careful legislation. It is up to the Senators to look
out for everything.
BICYCLES— A. H., Oakland, Cal. Some
bicycles have been built In which the
greater part of the vehicle was of alumi
num. The general run of bicycles are of
iron and steel.
MINING 'REGISTRY— S., Rochester,
Ind. No one engaged; in mining business
in San Francisco knows of such an insti
tution as the Washington Mining Regis
try.
THE PHONOGRAPH-S. A. W., City.
The phonograph was first exhibited . in
public in San Francisco at the Grand
Opera-house on the 2d of May, 1878.
FIELD MARSHAL— F. S. According to
military definitions, field marshal is the
highest rank in the German army.
"No, sir," exclaimed the loud-voiced
drummer in the smoker. "I'm proud to
say that no house in the country has
more men pushing Its line of goads than
ours." • .
"What do you sell?" asked a curious
one. . ' " fy_.
"Baby carriages."— Syracuse Herald.
"Mame says she doesn't expect to en
joy herself so much as usual at the shore
this season."
"Why not?" .-«'"
"Oh, she's getting on, you know, and
her mother tells her it is time she mad a
an engagement with the Intention of keep-
Ing It."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
"I notice you'vegot your summer pants
on," remarked the dog fancier.
"Yes,", gasped the exhausted terrier,
"but they're not loud; certainly not as
loud as some of this season's flannels."
"True. Nevertheless, what you need 13
muzzlin'."— Philadelphia Press.
A Cool Reception— "Did you notice? I
have a new electric fan in my office."
"Oh, yes; I got wind of it the minute
I opened I the door." — Philadelphia Even-
Ing Bulletin. _
r *>¦*. «-¦*». ..»».- -¦- r. -, -. ¦-., .- %i --- .-¦. _.
The following was posted up in a small
country vlllaage: "Notice is hereby given
that the squire (on account of the back
wardness of the harvest) will not shoot
himself or any of his tenants till the 14tb.
of September."— Tit-Bits.
Bacon— When that girl begins to sing
I know rm going to be bored. Egbert—
I can say the very same thing about a
mosquito.— Tonkers Statesman.
property or having -possession of the
same to erect or maintain on said real
property any fence or partition wall
which shall exceed ten feet in height
without first obtaining the consent of the
Board of Supervisors. The question asked
in regard to the destruction and recon
struction of a fence more than ten feet In
height is one that would depend upon con
ditions, and would be answered only upon
i trial of an' action in court.
General William H. H. Hart has re
turned from an extended tour of the East
and has made his headquarters at the
Palace.
Speaker C. W. Pendleton arrived from
Los Angeles yesterday and Is staying at
the Grand.
G. W. Strohl, an extensive fruit grower
of Napa, is at the Lick, accompanied by
his wife.
J. B. ' Lankershlm, a capitalist of Los
Angeles, is spending a few days at the
Palace. . .
'E., A. Forbes, a prominent attorney of
Marysville; is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
T. B. Walker, a leading lumber man of
Minneapolis, Is staying at the Occidental.
General C. F. A. I/ask of Los 'Angeles
is at the Palace. '
James Feeley, a fruit grower of Red
Bluff, is at the California, .
President David 8. Jordan of Stanford
University is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Otherwise there is little new. The r whole coast
is doing a large business and everybody seems con
tented.
la California, the weather is becoming the principal
factor in trade. We have had a long dry spell at
the very time of the year when we usually get our
heaviest rains, and while no actual suffering of crops
has "thus far been reported, we need several weeks'
rainfall to put the orchards and vineyards of the State
into good condition to encounter the long dry sum
mer. The surface of the ground has had moisture
enough for the shallow rooted grain, which has come
along all right, but the roots of trees and vines need
a good deal more moisture. General trade has thus
far not been seriotisly affected by the deficiency in
the rainfall, and if we get good storms henceforth
it will not be. But unless we receive a copious fall
from now on the quantity and quality 'of the fruit and
grain crops and the . volume of mining operations
may suffer. But this is a bridge still .too far away to
cross now. We will probably get all the rain we
need, and maybe praying for it to stop raining in
another month. '. -.'/:,
Aside from this car scarcity trade is practically
featureless; The bank clearings of the country again
rose last week, the increase over the corresponding
week in' 1901 being 6.4 per cent, against a decrease
the previous week of 9.4, making a net gain last
week of 15.8 per cent, while the business of New
York City showed a gain over the preceding week
of more than $500,000,000. The horizon of the cur
rent commercial prosperity is still unbroken, if the
record of trade last week be any guide. The failures
were 373, against 324 in 1901.
A GOOD deal has been said during the past year
about the scarcity of freight cars throughout
the country and the damage to trade result
ing therefrom, but the real extent of the damage is
only now becoming apparent. The close of the year
is bringing in railroad and factory reports which
show an enormous loss to business on this account.
Large as the volume of trade was last year, it would
have been millions larger had there been sufficient
cars to handle all the freight offered. One Pennsyl
vania railroad has compiled statistics showing that
although 150,000 cars were built in 1900, there were
not nearly enough to fill the demand, and almost all
the Eastern lines received offers of 25 per cent more
traffic than they could handle. The loss to the rail
roads alone from this deficiency is placed at $30,000,
000, and that to merchants, manufacturers, farmers
and the general public must have been much more.
Had there been sufficient transportation facilities to
accommodate interstate business the volume of trade
would have broken all previous records. At this
very moment the Pittsburg district alone is short
-5000 cars, and double the amount of business could
be 'done were it not for this drawback. The Ameri
can steel and iron mills are so full of orders that a
contract for 105,000 tons of steel rails for Mexico
went to England last week, no American bids being
received. The situation in regard to cars is clear
ing somewhat, owing to the deficiency in the corn
crop, and the shutting down of some Chicago fur
naces has resulted in sufficient accumulation of coke
to permit 3 number of them to resume. New busi
ness for the coming year is reported large, and most
of the mills are engaged away abead. Cars are still
being turned out as fast as possible, and in the
course of a few months the railroads may be able to
accept all the business offered. The deficiency has
been common to the whole country, the California
hay farmer, Maine lumberman and Pennsylvania iron
manufacturer having been equally hampered by the
lack of railroad rolling: stock.
RAILROAD OARS AND TRADE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
q^ HE British armored cruiser Ba
v I chante of 12,000 tons made a suc-
I- ' cessful eight-hour t»lal under full
'power last month. ship was
down to her intended mean draught
of 26 feet 3 inches, with one-foot drag, and
averaged 21.7 knots speed,, an excess of
seven-tenths of a knot over the calculated
speed, The principal ; trial' data are:
Steam in Belleville boilers, 285 > pounds;
vacuum, - 26.5 inches; . revolutions—star
board 119.5, port 120.4; horsepower de
veloped by starboard engines 10,812, port
engines, 10,708; collective horsepower,
21,520, exceeding the, contract by 620. The
coal consumed during the trial was 292,000
pounds.- equal to 1.7 pounds'" per unit of
horsepower.. ; . .
A recent return' of ! the Admiralty re
garding 113 torpedo-boat destroyers In the
British navy gives some highly Interesting
and valuable information. The difllculties
attending the efforts to obtain high speed
go to show that the contractors have lost
heavily and . that the Admiralty has paid
dearly for these boats. Some of the most
noteworthy instances are as follows: The
Express, tendered for 33 knots, has up to
the present time had twenty-seven pre
liminary and ten official trials, and is not
yet up to the contract speed. The Alba
tross, contracted for at 32 knots, was ac
cepted at 31% knots after seventeen trials.
Of the 30-knot boats the Otter had twenty
two builder's trials and eight official; the
Brazen, after twenty-one trials, was final
ly accepted at 29% knots; the Vulture had
twenty trials, the Avon sixteen and the
Bullfinch and Gipsy each ten before they
were finally accepted. The ill-fated Cobra
had no preliminary trial and only two of
ficial ones. . i .
Two small but serviceable vessels in the
British navy have had their trials with
varying results. The Mutlne, a sloop of
980 tons, made 13.6 knots with 1409 horse
power, and the Vestal, of the same class
and size, made only 12.4 knots with 1438
horsepower. A possible explanation lies
In the fact that the machinery of the Mu
tine was built by Laird's, while that of
the Vestal. was constructed at the Sheer
nesss dockyard, which has not had much
experience in this kind oft work.
Oil fuel experiments, have been carried
on .with topedo gun boats and torpedo
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Two Russian cruisers have tailed to
reach their calculated speed. The cruiser
Pallada, of 6630 tons, intended to make
twenty . knots, made only 19.2 knots, ali
though the horsepower of 13,100 exceeded
the contract by 1500, and Diana, on tht>
same lines, fell short .7 knots of her speed
with 12,129 horsepower, or 519 In excess of
contract. -.- -
A twenty-f our-hour raca took placa lasij
month off Naples between the two Italian
cruisers Garibaldi and Varese* Varese,
fitted with Belleville boilers, was given a
start of twelve miles, when Garibaldi, fit
ted with Nlclansae boilers, started la pur
suit, overtook Varese and finished tha
race several hundred yards ahead* Gari
baldi made seventeen knots with an aver
age of eighty-seven revolutions and con
sumed 1.78 pounds of coal per unit ©*
horsepower, > and had sixteen of her twen
ty-four boilers In use. Varese was under
similar conditions and used a little, less
coal. The object, to determine the rela
tive efficiency of the Belleville and Ni
clausse boilers, was not settled to satis
faction, j for -while the first named gave,
better results In -work the latter had tha
advantage in the facility with which, par
tial refitting could be made.
The recent launch of the French arm
ored cruiser Leon Gambetta, 12,550 tons
and 24,000 horsepower, took place nlno
months and ten days after her keel was
laid. The vessel weighed 34S0 tons at the
time of the launching:. The number of
working days was 800,000. giving 88J days
to each ton of material worked Into the
hull. There has been a marked Improve
ment In the rapidity of shipbuilding: In the
French navy since 1895, when Charlejnagna
showed 116.9 days to each ton; Gaulols,
launched In 1S96, with 116.4 days; Jene, 89.4;
Suffreso, 82.8; La Marseillaise, 919, down,
to Gambetta, with 82.6 days' labor to eaci*
ton of material.
The working day In French dockyards
has been reduced from ten hours to nin$
hours and thirty-five minutes.
Of the bIx battleships Intended to be, built
and completed up In 1906 three have been
struck oft, and there Is Intense dissatis
faction In naval and colonial circles,
which will b6 carried Into Parliament.
The gross injustice of permitting such tax shirk
ing on the part of the roads is too "patent to re
quire argument. Many of the farms in the counties
through which the railroads pass are mortgaged.
The owners of these farms are'aware that they are
taxed to at least the full extent of the mortgage. If
railroads were taxed in anything like the proportion
laid upon farms the rate of taxation .would be much
less than it is. . The railroads, however, have been
permitted to shirk taxes, and consequently the peo
ple have been compelled to make up the deficiency.
It is time to put a stop to that kind of fraud. The
people should see to it that this year the Board of
Equalization fulfills its duty of equalizing taxes, and
I prevents the shifting of taxation from the railroads
; to the people. f
That is. the showing made of the value of the rail
road lines by the railway officials themselves, yet the
State. Board of Equalization in 1901 assessed the
Southern Pacific Company's lines at $10,500 per mile
and the lines of the Central Pacific Company at
$17,408 per mile.
The statistics published in The Call were obtained
mainly from statements filed by the railroads in the
office of the Railroad Commission. " For some reason
the annual statement of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for iooi has not yet been filed, although it ': is
due. Consequently figures, had to-be taken for. the
preceding year. * They show that the South Pacific
Coast lines, all of which are in the State of California,
were carrying a funded debt of $5,500,000 and stock
amounting to $6,000,000 pn 101. 10 miles of track, or
$11,500,000 in all, being ari average of $113,748 76 per
mile, as reported by Messrs. Huntingdon and Will
cutt. The Southern, Pacific Railroad Company of
California, whose tracks are, in this Stated had a fund
ed debt of $77,803,500 and stock of $101,289,160, the
total being $179,092,660 on 2690.41 miles of track, the
average being $6^,065 60 per mile. The Central Pa
cific Company, whose productive business is mainly
due to this State, carried. $120,672,986 70 in funded
debt, $79,275,590 in stock and had 1348:66 miles of
track; so that the- average, as stated under oath, t the
statements of averages being made by Messrs. Hunt
ington and Willcutt along with the other figures, was
$148,275 15 per 'mile';? ' •
It is known that there is necessary every,' year a
certain sum of money to carry on the State, county
and city governments. If that sum be raised by fair
ly distributed taxes no r man - will f eel • the I burden
heavily; but if one set of men be permitted to shirk
taxes another set of men must make up the de
ficiency/ and upon them will be imposed not only an
undue amount of taxation, but an act of injustice and
of fraud. Every tax shirker cheats somebody, and
every Board of Equalization that permits tax shirk
ing where it can be prevented . connives at the com
mission of a fraud upon the public.: '
ON Saturday last The Calif published a series of
statistics gathered /from '¦ official: sources
which show in a^striking 'manner the extent
to which the railroads of the State, and particularly
the- Southern Pacific Railroad, have, been '< permitted
by the State Board of Equalization' to shirk taxes;
The publication is pertinent to the time because the
period is approaching when new assessments for tax
ation are to be^made,; and it is the right of the
people to see to it that they be made fairly and im
partially, doing injury to none, but justice to alL
TAX-SHIRKING RAILROADS.
In this case the courts should follow the example
set by the Federal courts in the income tax cases.
They should; take judicial cognizance of the fact that
the issue is 'one arising from a decision of a co
ordinate branch of the government; that it affects in
dustry and commerce; that it concerns well nigh
every community in the State; that it is in the broad
est sense a public matter. For those reasons they
should bring it to trial at once. The railroads should
not be permitted to convert the temporary injunction
into an indefinite injunction.
The people of California maintain the Railroad
Commission at a great cost, and for an important pur
pose. The commission was established, in order that
railroad corporations might be compelled to obey
the laws of the State and that all questions affecting
transportation over the roads might be promptly set
tled. If the courts interfere and by delay prevent the
prompt determination of controversies between ship
pers and the railways the commission might as well
be abolished. The courts will. in fact destroy the ef
ficacy of an important part of the State government
if they do not co-operate with the commission in
bringing to a speedy determination all controversies
over freight and passenger rates and other questions
of the kind.
The "Railroad Commission is a part of the govern
mental system of California, and in accordance with'
the principles of constitutional law it is co-ordinate
with the courts. The Judges, therefore, owe to the
decisions and the acts of the commission a deference
due to the representative of a branch of the govern
ment. The decisions of the commissions should not
be set aside for slight causes, temporary injunctions
should not run against them for any considerable
length of time, nor should corporations or citizens
be permitted to profit by delay on the part of the
courts in giving a hearing to any suit arising out of
an appeal from a decision of the commission.
It is well remembered by the American people that
when the validity of the income tax was contested
the courts advanced the test cases under the act so
rapidly that they were -twice heard by the Supreme
Court before a single dollar of the .tax was turned
into the United States Treasury. That incident pro
duced at the time a profound impression upon the
public, and the impression has not worn away. The
people have learned from it that whenever the courts
choose to be prompt they can be prompt. It is, more
over, well understood that the speedy decision given
in the income tax cases was due to the fact that the
large corporations of ' the country desired the issue
settled at once. What can be done for corporations
can also be done for the public. The oil rate cases
do not affect so considerable a body of citizens as the
income tax, but none the less it is an issue which
concerns the community as a whole and has there
fore a right to priority of hearing over suits between
private individuals.
Every day of delay in deciding the suits is for that
day a victory for the roads. .The injunction nullifies
the decision of the Commissioners. It is but a tem
porary nullification, it* is true, but "temporary" is a
word of -very, elastic meaning. If the railroads are
permitted to have the trial of the cases postponed
from week to week and possibly from term* to term
they will have r achieved the indefinite nullification
of the ruling made against them by the commission.
•"•> INCE the railroad ) companies have obtained
Nfcv from the courts temporary injunctions against
the enforcement of the decision of the Railroad
Commissioners in the oil rate cases, it becomes a
matter of public importance that the issue be brought
to a speedy determination. It will not do to subject
industrial and commercial interests affecting the
whole community towhat has become known as "the
law's delay." The cases should be advanced on the
calendar, heard at once and promptly decided.
THE OIL RATE INJUNCTIONS.
BR ITAIN 'S FAST CRUISER AND SLOW
TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYERS
up a sentiment in favor of their; party and their pol
icy^ At present they have the advantage of working
as an organized, force for a definite platform while
their opponents are divided It is not believed,
however, they will attain much success. ' In . fact,
when the present hard; times in the empire pass
away it is probable that extreme state socialism- in
Germany will collapse almost as completely as the
free silver agitation in this country, after the passing
of the industrial' depression which led up to it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1902.
MONDAY......... ...;.. JANUARY 13, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
iUrm in CrasmcslMttna U W. 8. LEADS, Kietpr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone- Pre«» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS SIT to 821 8teTe«so» St.
Telephone Press 802.
DellTered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrie Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage I
DAILY CALL, (lnclufilnr Sunday), on* rear..... < 1 - 01
DAILY CALL, (lncludlcr Baiday). 6 x. snths... ...... •••*
DAJX.T CAUj (lndufilr-r EutuSay). 1 montha. 1-59
DAILY CALL— By Staple Moath •• «So
CCKDA.T CAXZX OaM T«tr «..............~........» 1»
WEEELT CAT.T» On* T««r. .... M^.........«.. 1.0I
All postmasters are ««thorl«e* to reeelr*
subscriptions.
•ucedI* eoslet will be lorwaided when reaocsUO.
HmSX subscribers In enJerlt* ehutr* of sddr«n ahsoUl b«
strtlenUr to ctr* both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tessz* s prompt sad correct eompllanc* with thetr request.
OAEXAXD OFFICES. .1118 ¦ Broadway
C GEORGES KROGJTESi.
Xnsftr TtrtifB Xirt rtitlsr. M«z|utU Biildlng. OUt>f».
Oaosr DfsUae* Telephone "Central £511.")
KJ5W TOBK COREESPONDENT:
O. C. CARIiTOir % .Herald 8«v>are
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPEEH B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bvlldlne
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Wildort- Astoria Hotel; A. Brent ano, SI Union Sqnare:
Ucmy ElU EcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
SkcriBSB. SMse: P. O. New* Co.: Great Northers Hotel;
Fremost Hotae; AsOttortsm' Hotel.
WASHIKGTOV CD. C.) OFFICES. . . .1408 G St., IT. VT.
K0RT0S E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRAVCa OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:» o'clock. 900 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
MeAffister. open txntll t:SO o'clock. C15 Larkta. open until
• :X8 o'clock. 1M1 MlEtlcn, open until 10 o'clock. Stl Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until $ o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
cntll I o'clock. Me Eleventh, open untfl » o'clock. NW.
earner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
t*M TOltsor*. open until t p. m.
4
. AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Oid Jed Prouty."
TivoU — 'XtttU Rod Riding Hood."
Central — "Under tbe Gaslight."
AIc&zsjp — "For tho White Rose."
Columbia— "Macbeth."
orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Claire and the Forgemaster."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Va-Udevtlle.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. .
: r »-
"Wnat you pay for extracts Is important, but
what you get is ten times more Important. Bur-
nett's Vanilla costs mote because it* a worth more.
The last American camel died in South-
western Arizona a - few weeks ago The
camels came to the United States from
Egypt and Smyrna in 1857/
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. . Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL* Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Marsh Mallow Kisses at Townsend*3. •COUSIN OF THE PRESIDENT. OF, THE UNITED STATES AND DAUGH
TER OF A UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE WHO ARE TO BE MAR
RIED NEXT WEDNESDAY.
MONDAY, JANUARY 13.
Sun rise? .7:25
Sun sets' '. .5:12
Moon sets 9:21 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
1 F. A. Falkenburgr, : head consul 'of the
Woodmen of the World, will visit this city
during February, arriving : on ' theU7th of
that month. || As the expected visitor is a
great favorite with , all ,t^ie- Woodmen of
San- Francisco," they; are making: prepara
tions to give him , a rousing welcome and
tender him areception/"To that end each
of the local camps sent a delegation to a
meeting to make arrangements to- receive
the head of the order. ; This general com
mittee appointed T.F. Gllroy, chairman;
HEAJDCONSUIi WOODMEN OF
WORLD DUE ;: IN" I FEBBTTARY
'-if.V;- • . 'Sunday, "January 12.
Stmr Celia, Adler, 11 hours from Rules
Landing. . . '• • .-.¦¦, . . • ¦
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 82 hours from New
Whatcom. ¦¦ •• = ¦ . -¦ - ¦ •- - ¦ ..¦
Stmr Del.Norte, Green 36 hours from Cres
cent City, ' ¦ . ¦ '¦..•¦¦'¦¦ s .. ¦'
- Stmr Robert Dollar, • Johnson 4^J days 'from'
Tacoma. -. - • '¦¦¦-¦ - ' -i
Stmr, Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
CreBcent - City. . v ,
. Stmr Navarre Olsen, 14 hours from Mendo-
CinO. .¦""•„-,-¦.« ::¦'" :• . .' ' .,- < .-• rvi
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 33 hours 'from Eureka.;
Stmr Geo. Loomls, 3ridgett, 32 hours. from
Ventura. -. ., . :- ¦ , - .-.-..,
- Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, 09 hours from'New
port and way ports. • • ,
. Stmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Dleco and way ports. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
'Lae attention of the ladies is. called to
the important j notice that all the
trimmed hats in the millinery parlors of
the City of Paris Dry Goods Company
have been marked down to J ust hal f the
prices that they were sold for during the
past season.. . v>: •< < ¦-•' • «•
' GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Algiers, Genoa,
Alexandria, etc., and proceeded. , •
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York. ¦¦•'; . .
LONDON— Arrived • Jan 12— Stmr Hereford,
from New York, for Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Jan 12 — Stmr ; Cana
dian, for New York. " -. ¦ :.. »
! QUEENSTOWN— Sailed- Jan 32— Stmr New
England, from Liverpool, . for Boston; I stmr
Ivernla, from Liverpool, for. New York. ..
- NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 12 — Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburjr.v Southampton and
Cherbourg; stmr Palatia, from Hamburg and
Boulogne; stmr Etruria, • from Liverpool ' and
Queenstownir stmr La, Gascogne, from Havre;
SUEZ — Arrived Jan 12 — Stmr Moyune, from
Seattle and Tacoma, \ via Yokohama, Manila,
Colombo, . etc., for England. .".
DOVER— Passed -Jan 12 — Stmr Darmstadt,
from New York, for Bremen. ' -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
POINT RE YEEf— Passed Jan 12—3:30 a. af.,
stmr Arjro, from Bandon, Or., for San Fran
cisco; 8:65 a. m., stmr Eureka,- from Eureka,
for San Francisco: 1:25 p. m.. stmr Empire,
from Coos Bay, for San Francisco; 2:25 p. m.,
stmr Santa Ana, hence same day, for Seattle ;
3 :20 p. i m., stmr Pomona, hence same day. ¦ for
Eureka; 4:50 p. rn., stmr Arcata, hence same
day, for Coos Bay. 'XV" .• • • • ¦ ¦ .'
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 12— Pr bark Du-'
qucsne, from Nantes. ' •. '. :
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan .12— Schr Court
ney Ford, from Port Gamble; atmr St. : Denis,
from Ensenada. '¦ • % - .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Jan 12—
Br shin Glenelvan. from Cape Town ; stmr
Mackinaw, hence Jan 8, for- Tacoma.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr John S.
Kimball, f or -. San Francisco. Jan 12— Stmr
Edith, for San Francisco. "
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 12— ShiD Robert
Duncan, from Wei Hal Wei : ship Glenelvan,
from Cane Town. Jan .11 — Bark Howard D.
Troop, from Shanghai. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS
Per Forthbank, Br bark, from Newcastle,
Ana., Jan 12 — Sailed. Oct 12; had light easterly
and northerly winds to the equator, Dec 0.
Crossed ¦ the equator ; in 127 j W. Had NNE
winds to 38 N: from thence to port easterly
winds. Dec 4 Norman Shadwick. seaman, na
tive of Liverpool, age 19, fell overboard from
port rail and waa • drowned. ¦ Chief . Officer
Paul jumped overboard after him and got hold
of him in the water. I As a heavy sea was run
ning at the time it was impossible for him to
hold on and was compelled to let him go.
The .chief officer was picked up by ship's boat.
MEMORANDUM.
TACOMA, Jan 12 — Br ship Glenelvan, from
Cape Town. . reports passing a Russian bark,
letters T. F. W. M. (supposed to be Pahwohl),
in lat 65N, long: 123.30 W, bound from Tacoma,
for Falmouth, and reported all well on board.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS.-Jan i2— 16 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northeast; velocity 10 miles per
hour. ' - - ¦ •
SAILED.
Sunday, January 12.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand. Seattle.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Cooa Bay. . .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
Br stmr Btrathgyle, Gordon, 56 hours from
Portland. Put in to finish loading.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Br bark Forthbank, Young, 93 days from
Newcastle, Australia.
Stmr Argo, Hughes, 48 hours from Coqullle
River.
- Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 54 hours from Coos
Bay. • : . - ¦- .•.¦¦•.- ¦. .-•¦¦.¦
SOCIETY WOMEN PRESENT ARRAY
OF COSTLY AND EXQUISITE GOWNS
CANCEL THEIR
CHURCH DEBT
Those of us who have long ceased to be
debutantes certainly; ought to derive con
siderable comfort in contemplating Mrs.
Eleanor Martin. She is ever in demand
and her popularity shows no sign of wan
ing. Whether in the ballroom or dressing
room, dear Mrs. Martin is sure to be sur
, rounded by a coterie of devoted friends;
and a function is incomplete without her.
Immediatel preceding; the charity ball
Mrs. Martin gave a delightful dinner to
a number of friends, and was herself
blue crepe - de chine, in , Louis IV style,
with a coat of French brocaded pink and
• blue taffeta 'effects. '£ The ¦ garniture was
' of filmy cream lace. - Both of these gowns
were Paris creations.
• • • . ' ' -
Miss Kate Herrin is having such a thor
oughly good time her first season that she
hasn't the faintest -idea" how every one
gazes at her stunning gowns. | Perhaps It
is her trim little figure and good style
with which she wears her clothes/but the
effect: is certainly pleasing. At the MH13
tea she wore a gown of exquisite white
lace, dotted with black, over, white taf
feta. At La Jeunesse cotillon the happy
debutante floated about in' a. billowy white
net creation - over white silk with white
t satin ribbons, while at the charity^ball
she wore an elegant gown of heavy cream
Cluny lace, cut princess and en train, over
white chiffon. x
,¦••.¦¦."' * .•¦"• •-
every guest.- It is not to be wondered at
if the public is anxious to enjoy the Mills'
, hospitality. .; \. '
. . While on the subject I cannot refrain
from mentioning how well Miss Ardella
Mills looked in her simple white silk gown,
while Miss Elizabeth was charming in a
dainty white, point d' esprit over white
taffeta. . . \ . •
• The Misses Huntington, guests of honor
at the Mills tea, were exquisitely gowned.
.Miss Clara Huntington wore' a white crepe
de chine, entirely hand-made, over white
' taffeta.- with garniture of real Chuny lace
and diamond ornaments. Her flowers were
orchids. , ,' . " .
Mis3 Elizabeth Huntington wore a light
Pastor Coombe Burns the
Mortgages That Are
Lifted.
Congregationalists Celebrate
Their Release From
• Obligations.
Added interest was lent to the regular
services last njght at Richmond Congre
gational Church by the burning of tha
mortgages aggregating $3000 with which
the church was burdened since its erec
tion. Rev. Philip Coombe, the pastor, of
the church, p^sided at the ceremony,
which was witnessed by a large congre
gation. . . :.
• In his sermon Dr. Coombe recounted the
history of how steps had been taken to
erect a. structure that would accommo
date the growing Richmond district.. -He
said that the old church was utterly In
adequate to seat : the congregation on
many occasions and the need of a new
structure was keenly felt. Continuing,
he said:
' Tha old church was built In 1SO5 after tha
site was donated by Stephen S. Smith. When
we decided to build tha new church in 1809
we were compelled to borrow $4000, and an
other $1000 subsequently from one of the banks.
I have here the . two mortgages which have
been fully satisfied. I also hold here a note
in favor of I. S. Morse. In which we bound
ourselves to pay $1500. Mr. Moras lent us the
money when we moat needed it and now he
voluntarily surrenders the obligation to us.
The note and mortgages amount to $6500.
We now owe to the Congregational Church
Building Society or New York, which has as
sumed the debt, the sum of $4000. to be paid la
ten years without Interest. People have been
very kind to us. Most of the lumber used in
this building waa donated by business men
and we are grateful to them for their gen
erosity.
"I am now glad to set a match to these
martgages," concluded Dr. Coombe as he
consigned the documents to a metal urn,
in -which they were quickly consumed.
Dr. Coombe stated that he would not
burn Mr. Morse's note, as ¦ It was can
celed and would be a pleasant memento
of the raising of the debt.
During the services the regular church
choir, consisting of Fred Brock, M. Bee
son, A. ¦ Nagrle, Miss - Guthrie, Miss
Coombe and M. Taylor, rendered hymns,
accompanied by Mrs. Coombe on the or
gan.
# -i-i-i-r-i-i "i-i-r-!- 1 "I-i-i-i-i-i -i-i-i- i-i-i- •
GUIDE'S VICTIM
STILL VERY LOW
¦ — ¦ ' •
Grocer Struck in En
counter Apparently
PY m B'
Charles Kruse, a well-known grocer, of
the firm of Bellmer & Kruse, corner of
Turk and Larkin streets, la very low at
the German Hospital, the result of a beat
ing he received at the hands of William
L. ¦ Ward, a Chinatown guide, about a
week ago." The seriousness of the man's
condition was .-.made known , last night,
jwhen his temperature. # stood at 108 and ho
no signsVof rallying. | Ward has
been ; arrested on a bench - warrant and
his bail placed at a. high figure.
On January 2 Kruse was standing on a
corner opposite hi? store conversing with
an acquaintance. The two commenced to
argue, though. in. a friendly way, when
Ward rushed forward and dealt Kruse
two severe blows on the face, felling him
to the sidewalk. The blows were so force
ful . that ¦ when Kruse's head struck tha
pavement his skull was crushed. He was
assisted to a neighboring drugstore, and
as his condition grew worse and erysipe
las resulted he was taken to the German
Hospital. A warrant for aggravated bat
tery was sworn out against Ward last
Monday and his bail was fixed at $100.
Later the bail was reduced to $5 by Judge
Cabanlss. Saturday friends of the injured
man called on the Judge and made him
acquainted with the true condition of af
fairs, whereupon a bench warrant was i3
sued and Ward was returned to jail.
Captain Seymour was informed last
night of the physician's report as to
Kruse's condition. He at once detailed
two detectives on the case. An effort will
be made to have Ward's license revoked
by the Police Commissioners.
Roanoke Rye. Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. •
Hermann's Sons' Entertainment.
Mission Lodge No. 10, .Order of Her
mann's Sons, gave Its. first entertainment
at Mission Turn Verein Hall last night.
The hall was packed by the members and
their friends. The programme contained
a number of interesting features, which
were greatly appreciated by the audience.
Those who contributed to the evening's
entertainment -were Mrs. M. Varena,
Hugo Breitter, John Detterback and John
Hauser. The . lodge members having
charge of the arrangements were F. W.
Ross, D. Brune, Charles Hahn, P. H.
Bohrr, F. Ott, G. Fluger, F. Hester and
A. Monslgmeur. Dancing concluded the
entertainment.
Payne Beady to Assume His Duties.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Henry C.
Payne of Milwaukee, who is to succeed,
Postmaster GeneVal Smith in the Cabi
net,, reached here to-night from Wiscon
sin. He was accompanied by Mrs. Payne
and by his niece, Miss Louise Jones.
Payne will assume his duties the early
part of the wesk.
Will Shorten Bailroad Line.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 12.— Kilpatrick
Brothers •; & Collins . of Beatrice, Nebr.,
have | been awarded a contract by the
Southern Pacific Company for shortening
the line between Vista, Nev., and Wads
worth, a distance of twenty miles. The
contract price Is near half a million dol
lars. •¦ •> \? '; ,-'i ..-.¦;-¦..'
Cruisers Leave for Genoa.
NICE, Jan. 12.— The United States
cruisers Chicago and Albany and tha
gunboat-: Nashville left Ville Francho for
Genoa to await the arrival of Rear Ad
miral J. B. Cromwell. '
OVERDUE BARK
REACHES PORT
Forthbank Makes a Long
Voyage From the
Mayor Schmitz and His Com
missioners Visit French
Cruiser Protet . :
The, British bark Forthbank, one of the
overdue fleet and out from Newcastle,
Australia, ninety-three days, arrived in
port yesterday afternoon,' having encoun
tered light, baffling winds all the way
across the Pacific Reinsurance on the
Forthbank was quoted at 10 per cent. She
came into port with her flag at half mast.
Norman Shadwick, a seaman, fell into the
sea on December 4 over the port rail. " It
was blowing hard at the time and there
was a big sea running. It was seen in
a moment that Shadwick was unable to
swim. Without hesitation Chief Officer
Paul jumped overboard and soon had the
drowning sailor by the collar. The ship
was hove to and a boat lowered. Just
before the boat reached the men in the
water an enormous wave swept the saiior
out of Paul's grasp. The latter was thor
oughly exhausted by this time. The sailor
had become unconscious and when the
wave carried him out of the clutch of the
rescuing arm he sank like a log and was
not seen again. Chief Officer PauJtwas
rescued with difficulty. Shadwick Was 19
years of age and a native of Liverpool.
Captain Young of the Forthbank is a son
of. Captain Young of the Olivebank, who
is well known in this port. The Forth
bank is the first command of Young the
second.
Heroic Cure for Intoxication.
Henry Baker, a marine fireman, yester
day dived from the float at the foot of
Folsom street for the purpose of clearing
his brain of the fog that had. risen there
from "an overload of city front whisky.
Among the firemen from the transport
Kilpatrick Baker found friends, many
jovial, with money and anxious to spend
it. They bought him all the drinks he
could stow away and when his mental
fog bell told him he was full to the
hatches they were still buying.
"Come on. You can stand another."
"Boys, I'm up against it. I can't swal
low another drop. Wait a few minutes,
though. I'll fix it all right"
Baker walked unsteadily across the
street to the float. In the presence of at
least 200 people he calmly removed his
coat, vest, collar and shirt and shoes and
dived into the icy water. He swam about
twenty yards, then back to the float. He
splashed his face with water and before
'climbing out took several deep draughts
of the brine. Picking up his clothes and
shoes he returned to the saloon. s
"I'll take whisky."
The spectators thought he'd take pneu
monia. ¦-
Mayor Schmitz Visits the Protet.
Mayor Schmltz and a company of his
new Commissioners with their families
paid a visit to the French cruiser Protet
5'esterday morning. The Mayor's arrival
on board was announced by the firing of a
salute of eleven guns. The party of civic
dignitaries was welcomed by Commodore
Barnard, the commander, who extended
the hospitality of the cruiser in lavish
style. The Mayor was accompanied by
his wife. Others in the party were: Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Roncovieri, Mr. and Mrs.
I* J. Ohnimus; Dr. and Mrs. James W.
Ward, A, Ruef, who acted as interpreter;
the Misses Marie and Henrietta Reuf , . J.
S. Parry, Mrs. Viola Raphael, H. L.
Schmltz, George B. .King, A. Altman and
Mr.. and Mrs. T. F. Boyle.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The steam schooner Albion, which was
to have sailed for Manila on Tuesday, will
not get away for a week or two. The
vessel is ready for the trip, but there has
been some delay about the freight.
Her Sailing Delayed.
Makes a Short Stay in Fort.
The army transport officials ate work-
Ing overtime to get the Kilpatrick ready
for sea as soon as possible. She is sched
uled to sail on Thursday and Captain
Barneson says he will have her ready.
She finished coaling yesterday and has
already taken on board part of the big
cargo waiting for her.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
the executive ability and the comfortable'
little speeches these young ladies had for.
BY SALLY SHARP.
RAPID preparations are being made
.for the wedding of Miss Eleanor
Morrow and Lieutenant Henry L.
Roosevelt at the home of Judge
and Mrs. Morrow, Sah' Rafael.
Next Wednesday at 2 o'clock is the time
set for this ceremony. Many friends and
acquaintances are longing for invitations,
but they must wish In vain, for only a
few relatives and very intimate friends
have been bidden to the marriage. We
are a little sorry for this, as Miss Morrow
is both pretty and lovable, with a sweet
style of dignity that -is quite her own.
If all the world loves a lover, then all the
women certainly ¦ love a bride and never
miss a wedding if they can help it. Then,
too, it is not the fact that the groom-to
be is a cousin oflPresident Roosevelt that
makes him interesting, but the young lieu
tenant is a charming man with a mag
netic personality that ¦wins • friends for
him everywhere. The couple have been
engaged for two years, but, notwithstand
ing her warm admiration for her pros
pective son-in-law, Mrs. Morrow could not
bring 1 herself to consent to the departure
of her last daughter from . the parental
home until Lieutenant Roosevelt suddenly
received orders to proceed to Manila at
once, when the indulgent Morrows decided
to permit the young lovers to marry and
-ail away together on the next transport.
In consequence of this unexpected depart
ure, preparations could scarcely be made
for a. large wedding. -.;., ::.¦,-¦¦;•.;%
The Mills tea on Saturday was one of
the most delightful events known _to so
ciety's'devotees for a long time; . .The
drawing-rooms with their decorations
were beautiful and artistic, ¦ and every
thing was perfectly appointed for the
comfort and pleasure of the guests. Best
of all, the Misses Mills are ideal hostesses.
In fact, they always are and cannot help
it (being their. mother's own daughters).
Nevertheless, we marveled again on Sat->
urday at the tireless energy, the tact,
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the- last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sig-n precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts, tfho plane o£ reference is the mean oi
the lower low waters.
charming in a gown of rare black Chan
tilly lace over white taffeta.
A. G. Gilson, secretary and H. L. Spring
er, treasurer. It has been decided that all
of the local camps shall participate in the
reception. The membership of each camp
with degree teams in uniform, fireworks
and bands of music will meet the visitor
at the ferry, landing, and there will be a
parade to 'the. Mechanics' Pavilion, where
there will be an address of welcome, a lit
erary and musical programme and an ad
dress by the head consul, who is recog
nized as a wonderful organizer and an elo
'quent speaker. Major John S. Patterson
of Golden Gate Camp No. 64 has been
chosen marshal of the parade.
Eleven years ago Head Consul Falken
burg was the only "Woodman of the World
in what is now known as the Pacific juris
diction. Now he is the head of A an organi
zation that' numbers 77,000, of^which 3500
hold their membership in San '"Francisco
camps. .
DUSTY ROADS ANNOY
PLEASXTBE-SEEKERS
TJnsprinkled , Condition of \ the * Park
Drives Is the Basis of Much
Complaint.,
. A chill .wind drove the crowds home
early from the park and cliff yesterday
afternoon. In the city's pleasure ground
this was especially noticeable, and by the
time the band had played its last num
ber there were few listeners left, though
usually hundreds stay, to .the end. V
Those who tried to enjoy the day on the
drives complained their: extremely
dusty condition. The powdered earth lay
inches deep in some places, and as vehi
cles sped along the fine particles clouded
the air, much to the annoyance of pedes
trians. as .well as drivers., Park Commis
sioner Reuben H. LJoyd, however, was
among the pleasure seekers thus annoyed,
and it Is probable that he will take some
action that will enforce the service of an
occasional sprinkling wagon on the. main
drives, especially on Sunday afternoons. •
The following named were winners .in
the swimming events " at Sutro Baths,
where a large crowd congregated:
V Sixty-yard dash. Juveniles— P. Mosler, J. Mc-
Closky. Diving for plates — J. McClosky, J.
O'Brien. Tub race — J. Flnnegan, J. O'Brien,
A. 4 ;Ott. - 100-yard dash — F. . Mosler, J. Mc-
Closky. t Springboard diving — A." Sundberg : J.
McCarty. High diving for : boys— Huff, A.
Sundberg. , .
Government Vessels' at Monterey.
MONTEREY,' Jan. 12— The United States
training, ship Alert J came into : port, last
night' en : route to San Francisco ; arid will
remain till Tuesday. .. ' . , ¦
The revenue i cutter Bear also arrived
last night, coming direct from San Fran
cisco, and will remain here several days.
THE SAN r.FKANCJiSCO CALL/ MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1902.
5
C Time! Tlrael Time Time
m ¦ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W LW HW t. W
13* 2:25 4.8 7:32 2.8 1:16 ~T£ 7:51 ~O7
14 3:00 4.9 8:31 2.6 2:14 4.2 8:34 1.2
15 3:37 5.0 9:41 2.2 3:26 3.9 9:25 . 1.7
16 4;15 5.110:45 1.9 4:50 3.7 10:15 2.2
17 6:01 5.2 11:56 1.3 6:30 3.6 11:16 2.5
18 5:52 5.3 1:03 0.7 8:00 3.7
L W H W L W H W
19 0:21 2.8 6:49 5.5 2:02 0.1 9:09 4.0
20 1:25 2.fl 7:46 6.7 2:56—0.4 10:04 4.3
Steamer.
¦am.
Strath&yle... Portland ...... % . Jan. 13
Slandalay...- Coquille River Jan. .13
Aztec Tacoma Jan. V.i
Crescent City . Crescent City Jan . 13
Herodot Seattle Jan. 14
Pleiades Oyster Harbor Jan. 14
J. B. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 14
Edith........ Seattle Jan. 15
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. IB
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Jan. IB
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 15
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 15
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 16
BantaKosa.. San Diego & Way Pta. Jan." 10
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena . ..: Jan. 16
Umatilla Puget. Sound Ports Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 17
U.K. Maru.. China & Japan Jan. 18
Lakme ,. Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 18
Chehalis....: Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan .11)
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 19
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ...; Jan. 20
Coronado.'. . . 8an Pedro ....". Jan. 20
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda... .. Honolulu Jan. 22
CityPuebla. . Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalla.
I Pier.
January 13.
Wlllapa Harbor ....]
Coqullle River .....
Grays Harbor
Astoria & Portland.
January 14.
Coos Bay |
Humboldt
Newport & Way....
Humboldt
January 15.
China & Japan
Ban Diego & Way. .*.
Coqullle River
January 16.
Lob Angeles Ports..
Puget Sound Ports..
Sydney & Way PH..
Seattle & N. What..
January 17.
Portland* Way Pts
January 1 18.
Hamburg & Way . . .
Point. Arena .......
Astoria' & Portland.
Panama & Way Pts.
Newport & Way Pts.
January 10. I
Humboldt • . .V. . . . . .1
Seattle & Tacoma...
January 2O.
Grays . Harbor .....
- January 21.
Grays Harbor ......
China - & Japan ....
Puget Sound Ports.:
Grays Harbor > . . .% '. .
J *
iPler 2
i Pier 2
i Pier 2
i Pier 24
Rival
Argo
Sequoia. . . .
Columbia. .
6 pm
4 pm
6 pm
Ham
Empire....
Eureka....
Coos Bay..
North Fork
10 am|
9 am
9 am
9 am
i| Pier 13
i| Pier IS
1 1 Pier 11
i Pier 2
Strathgyle.
State Cal..
Mandalay..
»"arn
1 pm
I Pier 27
ijPlerll
'Pier 2
Nome City.
Queen
Ventura. . .
Rainier
3 pm
11am
10 am
5 pm
i Pier 2
i Pier , 9
i Pier 7
i Pier 2
Alliance. . .
-H
lPier 16
I
Herodot...
Point Arena
G. Elder...
Newport. . .
Bonita. ....
2pmJ
11 am
12 m
9 am
jpier—
(Pier 1
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier .2
Pier 2
PMSS:
Pier 9
Pier 2
San Pedro.
J. Kimball.
I4pml
j Bpmj
Coronado..
I 5 pm
Lakme
Gaelic...:.
Umatilla..
Ntwburg. i
1 pm
11am
5 pm
Steamer.
For.
Sail*.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 13
Cottage City. Sksgway & "Way Ports. Jan. "15
E. Thompson.! Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
C Time! Tlrael Time Time
m ¦ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W LW HW t. W
13* 2:25 4.8 7:32 2.8 1:16 ~T£ 7:51 ~O7
14 3:00 4.9 8:31 2.6 2:14 4.2 8:34 1.2
15 3:37 5.0 9:41 2.2 3:26 3.9 9:25 . 1.7
16 4;15 5.110:45 1.9 4:50 3.7 10:15 2.2
17 6:01 5.2 11:56 1.3 6:30 3.6 11:16 2.5
18 5:52 5.3 1:03 0.7 8:00 3.7
L W H W L W H W
19 0:21 2.8 6:49 5.5 2:02 0.1 9:09 4.0
20 1:25 2.fl 7:46 6.7 2:56—0.4 10:04 4.3
Steamer.
¦am.
Strath&yle... Portland ...... % . Jan. 13
Slandalay...- Coquille River Jan. .13
Aztec Tacoma Jan. V.i
Crescent City . Crescent City Jan . 13
Herodot Seattle Jan. 14
Pleiades Oyster Harbor Jan. 14
J. B. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 14
Edith........ Seattle Jan. 15
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. IB
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Jan. IB
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 15
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 15
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 16
BantaKosa.. San Diego & Way Pta. Jan." 10
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena . ..: Jan. 16
Umatilla Puget. Sound Ports Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 17
U.K. Maru.. China & Japan Jan. 18
Lakme ,. Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 18
Chehalis....: Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan .11)
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 19
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ...; Jan. 20
Coronado.'. . . 8an Pedro ....". Jan. 20
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda... .. Honolulu Jan. 22
CityPuebla. . Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalla.
I Pier.
January 13.
Wlllapa Harbor ....]
Coqullle River .....
Grays Harbor
Astoria & Portland.
January 14.
Coos Bay |
Humboldt
Newport & Way....
Humboldt
January 15.
China & Japan
Ban Diego & Way. .*.
Coqullle River
January 16.
Lob Angeles Ports..
Puget Sound Ports..
Sydney & Way PH..
Seattle & N. What..
January 17.
Portland* Way Pts
January 1 18.
Hamburg & Way . . .
Point. Arena .......
Astoria' & Portland.
Panama & Way Pts.
Newport & Way Pts.
January 10. I
Humboldt • . .V. . . . . .1
Seattle & Tacoma...
January 2O.
Grays . Harbor .....
- January 21.
Grays Harbor ......
China - & Japan ....
Puget Sound Ports.:
Grays Harbor > . . .% '. .
J *
iPler 2
i Pier 2
i Pier 2
i Pier 24
Rival
Argo
Sequoia. . . .
Columbia. .
6 pm
4 pm
6 pm
Ham
Empire....
Eureka....
Coos Bay..
North Fork
10 am|
9 am
9 am
9 am
i| Pier 13
i| Pier IS
1 1 Pier 11
i Pier 2
Strathgyle.
State Cal..
Mandalay..
»"arn
1 pm
I Pier 27
ijPlerll
'Pier 2
Nome City.
Queen
Ventura. . .
Rainier
3 pm
11am
10 am
5 pm
i Pier 2
i Pier , 9
i Pier 7
i Pier 2
Alliance. . .
-H
lPier 16
I
Herodot...
Point Arena
G. Elder...
Newport. . .
Bonita. ....
2pmJ
11 am
12 m
9 am
jpier—
(Pier 1
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier .2
Pier 2
PMSS:
Pier 9
Pier 2
San Pedro.
J. Kimball.
I4pml
j Bpmj
Coronado..
I 5 pm
Lakme
Gaelic...:.
Umatilla..
Ntwburg. i
1 pm
11am
5 pm
Steamer.
For.
Sail*.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 13
Cottage City. Sksgway & "Way Ports. Jan. "15
E. Thompson.! Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
The Father of his Country concealed a
luxuriant suit of hair beneath his queue
wig. Many now wish the old fashion
were in vogue to conceal thinned hair or
baldness. Yet no one need have thin
hair nor be bald if he cure the dandruff
that causes both. Dandruff cannot- be
cured by scouring the scalp, because it
is a germ disease, and the germ has to
be killed. Newbro's Herpicide -kills-" the
dandruff germ— no other hair preparation
will. ¦ "Destroy .the cause, you remove
the effect." There's no cure for. dandruff
but to kill the germ.
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
GEORGE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISO. Con-
saltation and private bo*l8
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is tbe wholesale and manu-
facturers* district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parka—
sass the entrance.
American and European plans. *
1 AWMll^I !
I CLEARANCE \SALE. |
i: ' J w \ - I Discount ?
I te Xjf, I O — ~ — " I
* esc fiijMD rn I
I^ : art goods; pictures/ 11* GIF AiyVXTDFFT I
I j*; FINE CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE. 1W ULiHK I J 1 KLJ^ It j.
\M. T. HESS,
H0TAET PXIBIJO AHD ATT0a»BT-AT-L*ir.
Tenth floor. Room 1015. Claos Spreckels Bldg.*
.••*,._ . Telephone Main 8S3. - „- - ' ¦
Residence, S21 California st. below ¦ PowelL,
-Residence Telephone. James 1501. . .,
tIESCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
IR WEAK WOMEN.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT BESTOBATIVE, ETViaORA-
tor and Nervlnev
I - Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and. Special I
¦ Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kld>
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. ¦'
NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE. Agenta, ;.
123 Market iL. S. 5\— (Send tor Circulars.)
q m » a 4& Ammunition and ... SporHng
gl 8 i&l ¦¦ Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
Q 2 U I 111 est Prices. Until close of
BTia iSvlir n hunting- season will offer
U LJ 2 \i 9eJf K una &* reduced prices.
-^ m m -^ Send for catalogue.
SHREVR ft BARBEB CO..
739 Harkst St tad 511 Ktaray Zi
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. Bharp.
ITarry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:80. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with ' trains stopping at the entrance to - : the
track. Last two cars on train reserved fur
ladiea and their escorts; no smoking:. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect ' with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Train 3 leave the track at 4: 18
and 4:45 p. rn. and Immediately after the last
race. ' ' ' - ' ¦ r ¦-.•¦¦¦;¦..
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., , President
CHA& F. PRICE, Becy. and M*r.
Igg^, RACING
1 !""' • Every Week Day—
•^ • Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
.AJnTTSEMESTSL^
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATIICEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
I*AST WEEK— GET IN LINE!
Little Red
Riding Hood
Monfiay, January 20th.
TTTTH AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. COc and 75c '
Telejihone — Bush 8.
COLUMJ3IA lmisotkSS
EECOXD AND LAST TVEEK.
MODJESKA
*« D JAMES
And Incomparable Company In the Following
Repertoire :
To-nirht and Saturday Night,
"MACBETH."
Tuesday Nl^ht and Saturday Mati&ee,
""A.ltir STUAHT."
¦Wednesday and Friday Nights.
"MERCHANT Of VENICE."
Thursday Night,
"HENRY VIII."
Each Play a Production of Bcenie Splendor.
Jan. 20— KIRKH LA BHELLB OPERA CO. In
"THE PRINCESS CHIC."
GLORIOUS GALAXY OF STARS!
Kara the Great; Three Faust Sisters;
.AJrthur Bnckner; Jacques Inaudi;
Girard and Gardner; The Three
Westons; All Holt; 3£r. and Mrs.
Gardner Grane, and the Biograph.
Reserved Beats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Beata exd Opera Chairs, 60c.
Pfpf f W Than Fver Thls Week Only,
rrenier mail CYCr. Matinee Saturday
RICHARD I4NDTHEI
—^ - -_., ._ , T IORIGHVAC
GOLDEN I company |
OLD JEfPRODTY.
BEATS READT.
NEXT ETNDAT— FREDERICK WARDE
In "JULIUS CAESAR," 'THE MOUNTE-
BANK,". "VIRGINIUS" and
"KINO LEAR."
SEATS THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERT EVENING THIS
WEEK.
Herschel Mayall, Laura Nelson Hall and tbe
Full Strength of
THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE STOCK
COMPANY.
In a Magnificent Production of
"CLAIRE AND THE
FORC EM ASTER."
Mr. tnd Mrs. Kendall's Greatest Success.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 00c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN In "DON
CAESAR DE BAZAN."
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of Augustin Daly's
World Famous Melodrama,
Under the Gaslight
See Saorkey, the one-armed soldier — See the
- ' Great Railroad Scene, etc.
BDircC Ev-gs 10c. 15c, 25c. S5c COo
IJUWEO Matlneea 10c, 15c 25c
Nest Week— "THE FIRE PATROL."
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
First Production In This City of the New
Romantic Drama,
FOR THE
WHITE ROSE.
A Sup?rb Play, dealing with the Most Ro-
raar.tic Period of English History.
Gorgeous Scenery — Historic Costumes, etc.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c. 75c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
In Preparation— "CORALIE & CO."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVESY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
*The Volkyra Family, Mullaly Sisters,
The Great Barrington, Nellie Mont-
gomery, Dick "Wild, Deaves' Merry
Manikins.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
ellaTburt
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
Thursday Night— The Amateurs
AND A LADIES' SKATING MATCH.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
• . . i _
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS, SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
ADMISSION 25c AND Me.
FISCHER'S COJ 15 E «T «°use
Admission 10c.
The Moons; Dora Mervin; Mendel and Mack:
frank Ferez; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton;
Hines tnd Kimball, and Hinrichs' Orchestra
P.eserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
TELEPHONE . ffl Wfli £r
222-224 SUTTER ST.
II AT LAST.
Velasquez Perfecto-^the
Lar^e Bit Size.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
EGGS, Finest Table. . . . . doz. 30c
Every one guaranteed. Last . week
• 40c. "We accept no exclusive C. O. J>.
orders for eggs.
0. K. WHISKY, 19 Years Old.
Reg. ».00 bot. 75c— 3 bots. $2.OO.
Keg. $4.00 gal. &3.OO- Absolute
purity guaranteed.
BUCKWHEAT FLOUR . 10-Ib. sack 60c
Pennsylvania. Reg. 73c. ,<,> •
MAPLE SYRUP.... 1-2 gal. tin 55c
Toboggan. Reg. €5c.
SARDINES, Boneless, "Bezier,"
Keg. 25c VL tin— 2 tins 43c
Reg. 30c % tin— 25c
- Yacht Club;'fresh Importation.
BAKING POWDER. . . .Mb. tin 38c
"New Era." Reg. 40c. ' Absolutely
pure; none better. , .
GINGER ALE, "Puritas". .<k $1.29
Reg. 51.35 doz. Equal to best im-
ported.
German Sugar Wafers, Sc& 25c tin.
Kreitseh's, Wurzen, seven different
flavors. . . .
ELECTRO-SILICON.... 4 boxes 25c
Reg. 3 for 25c. Unrivaled polish, lor •
gold.' silver and plated 'ware.
GIN. Holland. . .reg. 90c, bottle 75c
Our own importation and bottling. ..
Castile Soap, K^'rS'soc. bar 25c
COFFEE, 3#Bg r 2 lbs, 55c, I Ib 28c.
A high grade blend; roasted andl
ground fresh dally,
VIGOR CHOCOLATE....... Ib. 55c
(Kraft) Houswaldt's. Germany. Reg.
65c. The best substitute for cod liver
Oil. . V - : "¦ '
MACKEREL I8-lb. kit $1.90
Reg. $125. Extra mess XXX. This
season's catch.
Drink "ADAMS SPRINGS MINERAI*
WATER" to assist digestion.-
Nearly everybody seems to be talcing Prof. Mtffl.
Ton's Cold Care whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so quickly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe. -
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Cnra
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his'
remedies is as sure. Mostly 23c. vial. Guide to j
Health free. Mnnvon. New York and Philadelphia.
MESYO.VS IXIIALEU CUBES CATA2SK. - 7
VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
i^rS2\ MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
to*^ f*S have been In use over n'ty
K^t^^SSl years by the leaders of tfc&
*^» k i»!s!^^3 Mormon Church and their
l£SV:5W?SHc! followers. Positively cure th»
B^Sfr';''ff^«3 worst cases In old and youn*
¥&i arising from effects of selt-
!^>«FiJi^f abuse, dissipation, excesses or
'waaifcifia? dsarette-smoking. Cura Lost
wv^Jc^* Manhood. Impotency, Lost
VPSir Power. Nl«ht Losses. Insom
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitnesa to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, -w Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner O 7°"" ™}'** n 8 or
Eyelids. Effects are i£jrl tamedlate. Im-
part Tltor and pote CBHT9 ncy to every fano-
Mon. Don't set despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: « for
S3 SO by mall. A written guarantee to cure ok
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars tree.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUJil it.
ton Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. li
and 40 Third at
} visit DR. JORDAN'S great £
iMUSEUHOF ANATOMY*
A t£fc lQGHCA2ZX7SZ.tet6&*72i,&rCa!.4
\ jar Tbe tarrat AaatMBicaJ Museum in ts« \
B _JOClj- w * r| d- Weikne*«i or any c«uraets4 4
' vsSbSh *««*«« F»«l«l»ely carad by tie •lien T
0 Ia0j Specialist oa the Coast. £st.3*yeati. Q
A jfftf I DR. JORDAN-DrSEASES OF MEN i
X V&AR&B Conmltatien free tnd ttrktly private. \
m I jSvlS Tr *»tnMnt personally or by letter. A <¦
f 1 HF « V JTwOwa CW« in every cas« undertaken. T
M m U ' H ft w «te far Book, PBn.«9OP«T »f J
T " U JlTHA»KIACK. MAlUa VXBB. (Af
1 • q {£ ralsable b*«k for mea) -. \
f SB. JOKD AS * CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. Y
AMUSEMENTS. >
ADVERTISEMENTS.A BRACE OF CLEVER POINTERS ENTERED IN THE ANNUAL FIELD TRIALS WHICH COMMENCE TO-DAY
i'J Over 4000 sheep were u brought /recently
from Montana to Lansing, Mich., to be fed
there on sucax beet refuse ¦ » " ¦¦
Free Mail Delivery in Visalia.
VISALIA. Jan. 12.— It was officially an
nounced in this city to-day that free de
livery of malls will begin in Vlsalia Feb
ruary 1. 1902,-':
A colony of the celebrated pigeons of St
Mark's/ transplanted from Venice to Vien
na,. have ; thriven and multiplied to such'
an<- extent as to . have , become a public
nuisance, v- . , .... . v "'"-
•' LOS. ANGELES, ;Jan.M2.-In- a thlrty
two-dog stake at the coursing partk to-day'
Hot i Haste /Iwqn the : final, with " Bowery
Boy runner-up. .'¦ Both are San . Francisco
greyhounds recently, brought here. . v
Los Angeles Coursing.
PACIFIC GROVE,' Jan. .12;'-A^handsome
sword was presented, to Commander F.«W.
Oliver of Lucius Fairchild Post.'G. A. Rj
of : this place," ; by the members ' of \ Fair
child Circle. Ladies of the G. A. R.. on the
occasion of -the post's annual installation
of officers = last night. The •' presentation
was made by Mrs. M. S. Ware/ president
of Fairchild Circle. : ; ;:•«-. : - :
Sword Presented to a Veteran.
The- Fremont baseball- team defeated
the Bushnells at the_ Presidio "Athletic
grounds, 'yesterday by a, score of 4 to - 3.
The ¦¦¦ Carters defeated : the Midgets 4 to • 2.
i he games, are part of the series of the
Midwinter Amateur', Baseball League.
Amateur Baseball Games.
Bowling- Tournament Will Open.
The first tournament- of the San Fran
cisco . Bowling Association will open to
night.* The games scheduled are: Echo
Vs. Lincoln, Eugene, alley; National- vs
El ; Dorado, Coronado alley; Eugene' vs'
Excelsior. American alley. Contests are
scheduled up to- March -7. - The two-men
team contests "will commence on -the 17th
inst. * -'-•.•-- .-..¦.
Selections for To-Day.
First Race—The Hoodoo, 'UHoa. Harry
Thatcher.
Second Race—Maresa. Our^ Lizzie, Educate.
Third Race—Royal Flush. La Goleta DIo^
med. "
* Fourth Race—Princess Tttanta. Sea Queen.
Doublet.
Fifth Race—Helen Smith, Modder. Captivate.
Sixth Race—Sol Lichtensteln, Shell Mount!
Quiet. - k:._-
¦ Jack. Root. . the Chicago, middle-weight
boxer, arrived here . last : night. ' He is
matched to. fight -George Gardner : before
the - San Francisco : Athletic Club at Me
chanics' Pavilion on the- 31st inst.
Th-s will- be; the first meeting "of the
rivar middle-weights: Each- man hai met
ancLdefeated Kid Carter in this city. The
c^rnpKfe: Wlth :lt the : -iddle-weight
training. Root will undergo, the condi
tioning, process at Alameda. - Phil -Wand
has been selected/ to referee the bout
has offered to match
Dave Barry a-rainstAlNeill. the fight to
take place the night of the big .contest.
• Jack O'Brien , and . young Gibbs the
clever -cotored boxer, will meet In the
Acme " Club ring Thursday 'night Thl
O'Brien has- a long; list of victories
ma 2X' w ?r n rv- wltn; kn °k°ut punches, • to his
credit. While^in. California he has de
feated .Turner and • ••drew" -with
Perry Queenan. V « ""=w wiin
¦i, G t bb f ¦ has '- lnaa e:-; many :•¦ friends by his
high class work on this ¦ coast' .The con
test will be for . fifteen rounds, "e
attendance r is expected -from -this city.
;, There will also ? be two preliminaries.
A. Worthington beat Dr. Noble, 7-5.' 6-3, 3-3;
B. G. Wood beat Al Kenyon,- 6-4. - : 6-4 ; Dr. No
ble beat A. Duncan, .0-2: Dr. Lane beat George
Lane. 6-2; L. E, Wood beat R. S. Stubbp, 6-2,
4-4 ; X.CX. I Moore beat I M. Cerf three sets " to
one;>R. B. Cornell beat W. B. Collier, 6-3,'
1-0; Joe Dally beat Worthington 6-1; : Frank
Strlngham beat George Whipple, 6-2, - 2-1 ; Cor
nell beat J. A. Code 8-6; Code. and Allen tied,'
7-5. S-6; C. G. Kuehn' beat Jack Gibson, - 6-1,
7-5.-6-0. - . •...*.•-.. . •; ,-.:-::'.!..
- The most interesting match in the dou
bles-was.between-R. N.,Whitney and Joe
Tobin and H. W. Crowell and W. B. Col
lier. .Tobin and Whitney won. . The-lat
ter's driving was swift and : sure, while
Tobin'e overhead work ,was excellent." The
score, 6-4, 3-6, 6-4. Other doubles matches
¦svere: •¦ . - • < "•¦;:" ' •' • • "
' Worthington and .Dr. . Noble beat Dally and
Duncan, : 6-2 ; F. D. Strlngham and G. Whipple
beat L. E. Wood and R. S. ( Stubbs ; 6-2 7-R
S. H. Adams beat Merle Johnson two
sets out of'three.,- 1 The score/- 6-3, 6-4, 4-6.
Grant Smith proved much too strong for
Will Allen, whom he defeated, 6-1, 6-1.
Other singles matches resulted as follows:
¦ On the California Club. courts the 'match
of the day was between Harold Crowell
and TV. B. Collier. The latter, ..who was
beaten , four straight . sets ' last . Sunday;
was anxious to even up matters. I Crowell
¦proved too much for him again, as Collier
after playing three sets j had '¦¦¦ not one % to
his : credit. The score was 6-4, 6-4, 6-3.
The loser then defeated Drummond Mac-
Gavin. The score, 6-4, 6-5. . .
'Tennis players j took advantage . of the
clear weather yesterday and . both, -the
park' and the. club, courts ? were occupied
by the. crack players throughout -the day.
. . In 189S- Scharff - went to the Klondike
and left the restaurant in charge of his
wife and son. On his return in 1S99 he
claims he arrived in San Francisco SCO In
debt and gave a bill of sale of the res
taurant to his wife, the latter claiming
she purchased^ it with her own private
funds. Since then testimony taken before
Referee Coulter ; showed that - although
Scharff claims to have returned from the
Klondike without funds, after he «rot
home he exhibited $1000 in money, no jn
gold nuggets and his son, a boy of 16
years, also had $140 in nuggets. ¦. He had
also entered into contracts for • the res
taurant in his • own name, and aflhoueh
his wife ¦. now claims she -owned the-res
taurant Scharff himself ¦ conducted the
business after his return and paid the
bills. For these reasons Scharff f s petition
for a dismissal of his indebtedness was
denied.
SA^r JOSE, Jan. 12.— Theodore Scharff,
at one time proprietor of a restaurant in
this city and who sought to free himself
of his debts by going through bankruptcy,
has been refused . a discharge from these'
obligations by Referee in Bankruptcy
Coulter. Scharff borrowed $900 from A;
Roncovieri of ,San Francisco. The latter
transferred the debt to a collection agency
of that city and the latter - objected to
Scharft's discharge. J lQ
Former Restaurant Keeper of San
Jose Fails - to Have . Indebt
edness Canceled.
MUST PAY "HIS BILLS,
DECLARES THE REFEREE
Handball Matches.
The handball games in Phil Ryan's court
yesterday resulted as follows :.< ->. ...'".;
T.Finn'and M. McNceley :....". .21 19 21 20 21
P. Farrell and J. Madden...... 18 21 17 21 16
5-1 S.°^ er ? and B. Sheehan..\. . 21 21 13 21
M.^McLeod and Q. McDonald 15 18 21 17
P. Talo and D. Regan....'. .....21 14 21 11 21
K. Barry and J._FoIey.... 12 21 16 21 15
M> »?^ y and c - Murray.. .:.... - 21 14 21
J. MCBrearty. and J. Kirby. . . . . . 16 21 19
M.-'Duion and.T. McManus.. .. .21 21 18 17 21
G. Hutchlnson and A..Pennoyer.l6 12 21 21 18
3 -':**}yj}n and RrRegii. ......... ' . ' ' 21 17 21 21
A. Whiteman and J. Foley - 18 21 15 13
D. ; Connelly and W.' Walsh . .'. . .21 15 21 18 21
M. Joyce. and E. White......... 13 21 16 21 14
Jj""- Stansbury ..... ..; . '. . . . . 21 21 21
M. . M. Guthrle 19 10 18
J. , C. Nealon and J. White.. . . . ."• . 21 17 21 21
J. Collins and \V. Maguire. ., ... 10 21 20 16
Middleweights to Meet
on Last Day of
This Month.
Beaten Three Straight
Sets on tliG Tennis*; J
' Court/ '
"He doesn't amount to shucks," said
the- girl from the Kansas corn belt.
> "Pardon me," said the girl from Bo«
ton, 'but it seems to me that he really
isn't on an equality with a hill of beans '*
—St. Louis Star.
JACK ROOT HERE
TO BOX GARDNER
John Stewart, champion cakewalker;
William Gardner, Julius Purse, 'William
Wilson and Charles LJndsley. flva colored
gentlemen, and William Liedscher a
w v hlte ma 5' , w £ r t, arreste<i laat ni *ht and
charged with having disturbed a religious
service at the Bethel Methodist Episcopal
Church (colored). The arrests were mado
by Officers Murphy and Braig.
Disturb Religious Service.
COLLIER LOSES
TO H. CROWELL
SANTA MARIA, Jan. 12.— The nine
teenth annual trials ¦ of- the ¦ Pa
cific Coast Field Trials Club" be
gin to-morrow morning. A large
number of enthusiasts are al
ready on 'trie 'ground and others will 'come,
to-morrow and Tuesday. Only ; a few
members of the Los Angeles contingent
have arrived, and San 'Francisco, is not
represented as fully as she will be dur
ing the next' few days.
J. A. Balmer, who will judge the trials,
and Albert Betz, secretary of the club,
accompanied by several sportsmen; in
spected the grounds to-day. They found
them almost level and covered-. with v a
growth from one to three feet high, af-
good doubles \ matches ! were
played by the • park -players and resulted
as follows:. Smith and Allen beat Walker
and -Davis. 7-5; Walker and Davis : beat
Beyfuss and Adams, 6-2; Beyfuss and Da
vis i : beat Walker and. 'Adams, 6-4; Allen
and Smith beat Routh and Bozart. 7-5.
A court of bitumen will be. built In the
park. for exhibition matches. It will be
located near the other courts on the south
side of the main drive.
8-10; A. Kenyon and R. G. Wood beat the
Lane brothers, 7-8; R. B. Cornell and Ai Ro
senberg beat C. Kuehn and Grant Smith, 7-B,
2-8, •7-0; • . . . - ... ¦ .
This, with the warm days which have
prevailed for some time, will not tend to
bring out the best work of the dogs. It
may drive some of the birds to the foot
hills, as water on the trial grounds is
somewhat scarce.
The majority of the visitors spent yes
terday in shooting, and all returned with*
fairly well filled game bags. Among
those in attendance are Judge Balmer of
Washington, Albert Betz, H. T. Payne,
Frank Maskey, W. W. Van Arsdale, T.
J..A. Tiedemann, Fred Butler, Charles
Douglas. S. Hodge and F. R. Stover of
San- Francisco; .Anderson of San : Jose,
fording good cover for the • birds. - The
only drawback, is the exceeding dryness
of the ground, no rain having fallen for
almost two months in v the Santa Maria
Valley.
re^olds^ru^aVd 1^ C ° U " e: " elUn » : three 
-nSi I? 1 * Llchten-stlO4 3003 Illlwaho .....110
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward:
•3110) Sea Queen ...102 3123 Jim Hale fls
22W Fidel Toulin.. 93 3110 February '*' «rt
:U17 Dan. Maid... 06 S014 Oscar Toife'*'l01
3058 Doublet 110 :;iO6 Floronso 98
• 3097 Ordnung . . .V104 I 2575 Foul Play «3
3US6 Prin. Titanla. 90 1 3ns Sly .... .*... [afi
Fifth Race— Mile and 100 yards; selling;
four-year-olds and upward:
3102 Kastalne 109 3121 Modder lOfl
30S1 Romany ill 3112 Expedient"* lil
3119 Captivate ....93 3081 Aloha II ill
<310S)Duke York n.106 2840 Monda ""ill
.3102 R. d. S. Juan.108 S083 Helen SmlVhV.lW
Third Race — One mile; purse; three-year
olds and upward:
1213 The Fiddler. .106 3116 La. Goleta 104
<28T7)Im. R. Flwh.114 3124 Wolhum ..WlSt
t311T)Dlomed Ill 3113 Arthur Ray ..in
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland race track are as follows:
First Race — Mile and 100 yards; selling- four
y*>ar-olds and upward:
3!°? 9*. pt - Gaines.109 3110 The Hoodoo.. 90
.-UUd Mlgar Ill :«i52 John Welch.. 100
mtfk. Thatcher.lOC 3119 Limelight ...111
52? «! loa , 104 3(m Ccrriente .... 104
Rinaldo Ill
• • Second Race — Five and a half furlongs • sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward*
' fjj-j® A ' 2 « ra lOiiCMKa) First Shot ..122
£ f E fc ? n -1^2 -iO&O Watt Hogan.. 122
.X«a\ar.tlne 120 .*{121 Marineusl ...lOtf
•"•lip Our Lizzie . .110 itJSl Educate 104
JlOb Pat Morrisaej-102 2992 Frldolin 93
J110 Mur-sa »4 l 3130 Saul Tarsus. .122
Oakland "Race Entries.
Captain Roland of Nevada, John H.
Schumacher and A. Margins of Los An
geles. ¦ ¦ , - /
Henry J. Crocker, accompanied by
Thomas H. Williams Jr., Clarence Water
house J. E. Terry, Adam Andrew, J. M.
Kllgarif, Andrew Jackson and others,
will arrive early in the week in Mr.
Crockets private car.
*« W - S. -Tevis, president of the associa
tion, had engaged rooms at the hotel, but
at- the last moment was prevented from
coming, owing to the illness of some
members of his family! •
__The handlers present Include Charles
S' \?'i bcock . "WVB. Coutts.-R. M. Dodge,
if. J. Stone, J. E. Lucas and Fred Coutt3
An early start. will be made for the trial
grounds to-morrow in order to take ad
vantage of the cool morning. hours.
Exceeding Dry ness of the Country, Owing to Lack of Rain During
the Past Two Months Is Expected to Prove a Slight Drawback,
as the Best Work of Competitors May Not Be Developed
' By O. "W. HIBBARD.
She was conveyed at once to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where it was
found that her left arm was fractured in
two places, that four of her ribs on the
left side were broken and that she had
sustained several lacerated wounds on the
head and possibly a fracture of the skull
Miss Lillle McDonald, the telephone girl
who was injured In a collision between a
milk wagon and a Larkln street car Sat
urday, died last night at her home, 223
Fulton street. At the time of the acci
dent Miss McDonald was on a north
bound Larkln street car. * Near the corner
of Eddy street a horse hitched to a
wagon belonging to the California Milk
Producers' Association ran into the front
part of the car. Miss McDonald was
knocked from her seat to the ground and
rendered unconscious.
Injuries Received on a
Larkin-Street-XJar. r# i
Miss Lillie McDonald Succumbs to
COLLISION" RESULTS IN
TELEPHONE GIRL'S DEAT3
President ¦William Greer Harrison, Captain
George James, H. L. Atkinson, R. P. Benard
N. C. Paddock S. Baggerly L. H. Benard H.
L. Clapp, F. E. Ferrem, J. H. Horrigan. F.
E. Day, George Klarman. George Holden S H
£¦"¦£• V11Us i m A --" Oa y. A- Stone. R, Stone* H*
C, Gallett T. J. Curley. E. J. Owens. H. S.
Russ, E.-F. Russ, C. Jenkins, W. Ferrem C
Clough, Edwin Goeller, H. C. Ramsay James
Burns Jr., H. W. Schweiber, T. I. Fitzpatrlck
M. Brandensteln, H. Franck, C. Mllward J
Collins, W: H. Mend, Antona Schmidt Judge
A. J. Fritz, W. L. Fulton, John R. Bockxnan.
E. P. Shot well. O. Hess, James K Bulger
Robert McGlbbon, A. Bruman, John A Ham
mersmith Charles - Schroth P. L. Burr E
Rouse, H. ' A. Pless, J.. H. Spirq, D. Ersklne.
John Schroth, Sydney Cavill, V. A. O'Neill
F. P. Adams. S. J. Pembroke, D. Danzlger
George Rodgers, Nat Hewson, John Tate w
S. Taylor > C. ¦ J. Bender, John K. Orr, R. F*
Mdtood ' H. Stern, T. O. Galinas, J. E. TVarde
D. C.^Van Court, T. J. Stanton. H. V. Rama
dell. P7»C, Wegener, C. W Doble. J. j
O'Bri«n,'H. C. Franett.'W. H. Young. J. P.
Hammond. B. Gough, T. J. Gough, A. W
Taylor,' ; A. S. Jarvle, C. C. Reeve and C
King. - .-.-¦¦
He shared the honors of the day with
John K. Orr, a veteran who has tramped
many hours over the foothills in quest of
quail. H. V. Ramsdell and John A. Ham
mersmith showed pedestrian qualities of
high order. Of the two, Mr. Ramsdell fin
ished first, winning a little wager from
his friend. S. J. Pembroke was another
veteran in attendance.
The members rested an hour and a half
at Constantine's Summit House, where
luncheon was served. Those who enjoyed
the outing were:
Mr." Harrison set the pace, both going
and coming. Matters were taken some
what leisurely on the outward journey,
but the pace freshened up when the party
headed for home. Mill Valley was reached
at 5 p. m.. Mr. Harrison was crowned with
a wreath of laurel, hastily woven by some
of the clubmen, and was given three
cheers.- *V- ¦"-
the members in an eighteen-mile
walk across the Marin : County foothills
yesterday, finishing the long jaunt fresh
and vigorous. Mr. Harrison owns up' to
having seen sixty-five summers come and
go. By living a temperate, well-regulated
life he retains the elasticity and vigor
which should mark young manhood.
PRESIDENT "WILLIAM GREER
HARRISON of the Olympic Ath
letic Club practices what he
preaches. He led eighty-seven of
Independent Rifles, , monthly medal ehoot
Corporal P.- Schonlg 44, - J. Donovan 30 F
Lawler 27. Sergeant C. Andrews 43. H. Gae*-
Jen 38. Lieutenant H. < Hansen 38.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye shoot— Prizes were won. in the .fol
lowing order: J. Rlnfren 62%. R. Mitchell 53
R..Wixson C3;(Mitchell awarded second prize
having scored second best bullseye of shoot)'
H. Huber P9tf.-p. Ramm 62 V-. E. Cobby 7"
A.; Ramm 74, G. Mitchell 75^ " Captain £*
Sleble 76%. J. Cobby 78. E wixwn w T
Siebie Jr. 00. L. ; Murphy S7. S. Balch 122&
Germania Schuetzen Oliib monthly medal
shoot — First champion class, A. Gehret 5 232;
second champion class, R. Stettin 205; nrst
class. J. D. Helse, 214; second class, William
Morken. 211; third class, J. Beuttler, 177; best
first shot. D. B. Faktor, 25; best last shot D.
B. Faktor, 25. ' .
Germania Schuetzen' Club, yearly competi
tion shoot, open to all-comers— F. P. Schuster
71; D. B. Faktor, 71; A. Pape, 71; F. Mason!
<1; A. Gehret,- 71; J. D. Helse, 70; E. H.
Goetze, 68; Nick Ahrens, C8. .Ten best shots
for trophies— A. Gehret. 230; F.»Mason 229: A
Pape. 222; D. Salfleld. 214; F. P. Schuster, 212!
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln monthly
medal shootT-rChampion . and first classes not
filled; second class. Otto Lemcke, 382; third
class, S. Hftlno, 350; fourth class, D. Dunker.
343; best first shot, August Pape. 25; best. last
shot,- A. Mocker, 24. ' - - "T
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol' Club monthly
medal shoot, rifle handicap— W. G. .Hoffman
219. 214 215. 222. 220: J. Kullman/S 204 208
Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 226; C. M. Henderson. 212.
217; F. E.' Mason, 22S. 222; W. F. Blasse 192
Glindermann trophy — W. G. Hoffman 213; M
F. Blasse. 176; J: Kullman, 105; F. E Mason
219. Gold medal — W. G.. Hoffman, 214 223-
M. F. Blasse. 215, 214, 207, 214 313 207- W F*
Blasse. 192.. Silver medal— C. M. Henderson*
220. 218, 215; A. B. Dorrell, 211, 222 < 205* F
J. Klatzel, 149; W. G. Hoffman. 220, 223. Pl'stoi
handicap— M. J. White, 83, 85. 04 85 •- J E
Gorman. 98. 95, 04; 93; W. F. Blasse 88* 89*
90; D.-W. McLaughlln; 84, 80. Revolver han
dlcap-J. R. Trego, 79. 79. 79, 79; P. A. Beck
er, .93. »0, 89, 89. 87.- 86, 84, 83 81; J W
Tompkins, 80. 86. 71. 68: A. B. Dorrell 86 85*
84; J. E. Gorman, 93. 92. 92. 89; F. S Wash
burn. 83. 83; H. Hinkel, 79. Silver medal re-
S?! V H.-Hinkel. :l 79 KO - P * 8 * W * shbu ™.' «.
Norddeutscher Schu«>tzen Club, monthly bulls
,eye ehoot— J. D. Heise 89, William Doell 347
Herman Huber .177. A. Mocker 430, John Gef
ken 520. F. C. Rust 5fi3. John Lankenau 856
L. N. Ritzau 744, A. Hohman 750, J. Woebcke
Iat- Kit P V Scb v St^,? 18 ' CaPta' 11 John Thode
047, Otto Lemcke 1111. . ¦¦. ¦ ,
The Germania Schuetzen Club opened
its contests for the year yesterday with
some excellent shooting. Nick Ahrens,
who is president of the organization, of
fered a special prize of $20 for the marks
man who would make the highest ten
three-shot scores at any one shoot during
the year. . :
The other clubs present were the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club, Norddeutscher
Schuetzen - Club and the Independent
Rifles. The prize winners of the Shell
Mound Pistol and Rifle Club were also an
nounced yesterday.
The afternoon's scores were as follows:
was clear, but so cold that the
accuracy of the marksmen was interfered
with to a considerable degree. J. E. Gor
man, the pistol 'expert, succeeded never
theless in making a string of 98 out of a
possible 100 with the : revolver. He per
formed the same feat once last year, but
no one else has ever come within striking
distance of the score at Shell Mound.
THE members of the various
schuetzen clubs • 'turned out in
numbers yesterday at Shell
Mound Rifle range. The weathrr
President Harrison
Leads the Way for
the Young Members
Marksmen's^Accuracy
Is Interfered With
by Cold Weather
Olympic Men Tramp
Across the Marin
County Foothills
The Germania Schuet
zen Club Begins Its
Annual Contests
Open stake No. 2. second round — P. Doyle's
Liberator beat P. M. Clarkson's Sofala. 4-3*
w. H. Robinson's Rosle Freedom beat L. S
Barre's Boodle Boy, 9-5; George Grahams
Lady Newark a bye: J. Hurley's Gramercy
beat E. Geary's Bonnie HuRhie. 5-3; E. Gea
ry's Fair Oaks beat P. M. Clarkson'g Prompt".
7-4: H. Perij-6's Lady Davenport beat D. G.
Franta's Wareo. 6-5: J. Hurley's Living Pict
ure beat F. Jones' Lovina. 11-2; Pasha Ken
nels' Real Aristocrat beat W. Cairn's Gold
Ore, 6-2; Georee Sharman's Sir Pasha beat
E. Geary's Roy Hughle. 6-1: Pasha Kennels'
EJ e J y ¦£"""? b * i iV r> V 3 r' Earte 1 ** Best Bargain.
12-3; H. Lynch's Lilac beat Pasha Kennels'
Rich Arsrosy. 4-0: Chiarinl Bros." Santonin
beat Joseph Connelly's New Moon. 7-4.
Third round— Liberator beat Rosle Free
dom, 14-6; Lady Newark beat Fair Oaks. 0-4;
Gramercy beat Lady Davenport. 3-2- Real
Aristocrat beat Living- Picture. 5-0; Fiery Face
beat Sir Pasha. 11-6; Lilac beat Santonin. 5-4.
Fourth round — Liberator beat Lady Newark
16-6; Gramercy beat Real Aristocrat. 6-5*
Freeze Out beat Lilac, 5-4.
Fifth round — Liberator beat Gramercy. 16-5:
Fiery Faca a bye.
Deciding- course— Liberator beat Fiery Face.
19-S»
a^.'V 1 r°uj d — Harlean Gladys beat Roman
Athlete. 10-6: Homer Boy a bye.
Deciding: course— Homer Boy beat Harlean
Gladys, 4-2.
P. Doyle's fast greyhound Liberator
graduated from the maiden class yester
day by winning first honors in the Union
Coursing Park open stake.
Liberator, while he is acknowledged a
speedy courser, has never shown the abil
ity of going through a stake. As a rule
reaching the third round has been hla
limit- though on one or two occasions he
has been knocking feebly at the door.
From his first "slip" the hound showed
he was fit and able to go the distance.
In the third, round he had a hard couraa
with Kosle Freedom, but was returned
In good condition for hla next go. Lady
Newark was. hi3 opponent and Liberator
was given a severe trial before he woa
the hag. With Gramercy, too.^Doylo'a
courser had to do some running and won
only after a big score was rolled up.
Pasha Kennel3' imporied Fiery Fac«
reached the final with Liberator. In
leaving the slips Liberator became un
sighted, but after joining in scored the
first working point. Fiery Face took pos
session ana ran up eight points. Lib
erator came in again and held the gama
for eighteen points, when the hare es
caped. The course went over the limit
and three relief dogs were in the chase.
The surprise of the day was the defeat
of Lovlna, the stake favorite, by Living
Picture. Lovina's backers offered 8 to I
that their choice would win. Lovina was
led and made but two points against Liv
ing Picture's eleven.
Otto Zahl's Homer Boy won the decid
ing course In staxe No. 2, beating Har
lean Gladys by a score of •* to 2. Homer
Boy led and turned twice and Gladys
An unusuallv large crowd was in at
tendance. Following are the day's re
sults, with Judge John Grace's official
scores:
Open stake No. 1, second rounds-Pasha Ken
£ "}« £ oc *£ !r -, beat Geore" Nethercotfa Freda
C. 16-14; F. Jones' Harlean Gladyi beat C. O.
Petersons Haohazard, 4-1; George Nether
cott s Hickory Dick beat Sterl & Knowlea*
Freeze Out. 5-3; E. Geary's Ireland beat D. J.
Healey's Tapioca. 18-1: E. Geary's Ruby San-
Sf y . t J5. ye; -.r D ' J - Healey's Tiburon beat P.
Stelnhoffs Veto 6-3; A. R. Curtis' Kibosh
b at . *£ Reddy*s Full Moon. 15-13; Pasha Ken-
? el 5 ?i m l n AthIet « teat A. R. Curtis 1 Loyal
Lad. 5-0; O. Zahl'a Homer Boy beat J. Demp
sey's Jlnele Bells, 8-1: .H. Lynch' s Merrlmac
beat Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers, 5-4; E.
§f ary |., Bo J ln !?, Pasha teat- George Sharman'a
Black Flush. 6-3; J. Markland's The Grafter a
Dye.
Third round— Harlean Gladys 'a bye; Hick
ory Dick beat Ireland, 5-3; Ruby Sankey beat
Tiburon. 10-5; Roman Athlete beat Kibosh.
8-1; Homer Boy beat Merrimac. 6-1; Bonnie
Pasha beat The Grafter. 12-10
Fo^f t ? fojjnd— Harlean Gladys beat Hick
ory Dick. 5-0: Roman Athlete beat Ruby San
key. 10-0; Homer B-y beat Bonnie Paaha,
The annual meeting of the league mag
nates will not be held until next week.
Marager J. Cal Ewing Is in the East, and
nothing will be done until he returns.
Totals 89 10 15 3 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Nationals 0 0 10 0 0 4 0 1— %6
Base hits 1 0 3 0 2 14 0 2—13
All-Americas ....0 0 5 0 14 0 0 • 10
Base hits 0 0 6 1.1 3 2 2 •— 15
SUMMARY.
Runs resDonsible for — Schmidt 4. Bernhard
3. Home run — Davis. Two-base hits — Davis,
Lee. Mertes. Sacrifice hit— Schmidt. First
base on errors— Nationals 1. All-Americas 2.
First base on called balls — Nationals 1. All-
Americas 3. Left on bases — Nationals 8. All-
Americas 7. Struck out — Br Schmidt 2 by
Bernhard 1. Hit by pitcher— Mercer. Irwin.
Double plays — Chance to Steinfeldt to Hulen;
KteinfelCt to Chance to Hulen: Irwln to Davis
to Bradley. Time of rame — 1 :35. Umpire —
J. McDonald. OfOclal scorer — Harry Cashinan.
Manager Morley left for Los Angeles
last night, accompanied '¦ by Rube Wad
dell. The All-Americas will leave here for
the East on Monday next, and the south
ern manager wants to keep Waddellout
of their way so they will not entice him
away from here.
„ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering. I. f 5 2 2 2 1 0 0
Barrett, e. f 4 2 2 12 0 0
Mercer, ,2b 4 1 1 0 1 C 0
Fraser. r. f 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
Davis, lb. 5 3 2 0 12 0 1
Bradley, 3b fi 0 3 O 6 3 0
Irwin. s. s. 4 0 1 0 12 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Bernhard, p 4 0 10 0 1 0
Totals :.-... 38 6 13 1 24 14 3
ALL- AMERICAS.
'' „ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
an Haltren, c. f . . . 5 2 3 0 1 0 0
Hulen, 3b 5 110 6 2 0
Merles, 2b 6 0 3 13 10
Chance, c fi 0 2 0 3 2 0
Lee, r. f S 0 1 0 0 O > 0
Beckley, lb 4 0 0 0 8 O 1
FtetnfeUJt, 8. e 4 0 0 0 17 0
McHale, LI 4 2 3 0 3 0 1
Schmidt, p 2 10 0 0 2 1
NATIONALS.
After having the score 10 to 1 In the
sixth inning at Recreation baseball park
yesterday, the All-Americas finally, won
by a score of 10 to 6. Of these ten runs
Davis brought In four with a great home
run hit In the sixth.
On the bases were Pickering, Barrett
and Fraser. Davis picked out a nice one
and sent the ball out to the roof of a
house beyond the center field fence. The
ball bounded off the roof Into the street.
When aU the runners were In motion It
looked like a continuous streak , of red
from first base to the home plate.
The game was remaVkable for heavy
stick work. The All-Americas touched
up Schmidt for fifteen hits, including a
home run and a two-bagger by Davis.
The Nationals are credited with thirteen
hits, Lee and Mertes scoring two-baggers.
. The All-Americas gained their com
manding lead in the third, scoring flve
runs, after two men were out. Sullivan
singled. Bernhard was safe on a close de
cision. Pickering hit to McHale, who
dropped the bail after, a hard run. This
filled the bases. Barrett hit to shortstop,
and everybody commenced to run. Steln
feldt sent the ball back to Catcher
Chance, who caught Sullivan at the home
plate. He then sent the ball to third and
Bernhard was called out. Both decisions
¦were exceedingly close, and McDonald
was surrounded by the players of the two
teams. He was kept busy explaining, but
the decisions stood.
The scoring then began. Mercer singled.
Fraser scored Pickering and Barrett with
a two-bagger. Davis scored Mercer and
FraEer with a two-bagger, and Bradley
scored Davis with a single. Irwln retired
the 6ide by forcing Bradley at second.
.. Davis scored his second run in the fifth
and his sensational home run in the sixth.
The Nationals sent McHale home in the
fhird. They did not really warm up to
tfieir work, however, until the seventh
fhning, when they scored four runs. Steln
feldt was out at first.' McHale singled.
Schmidt went to first on four bad ones.
Van Haltren singled, scoring McHale.
Hulen was safe at first. Mertes flew out.
Chance singled, scoring Schmidt. Lee
drove a two-bagger to left field fence,
scoring Van Haltren and Hulen. Van
Haltren scored again In the ninth, but
the side was retired before any more fig
ures were added to the score. The official
table:
Homer Boy Beats Harlean
Gladys for Final
Honors. •
Baseball Game Is Marked
by Unusually Heavy
L Stickwork.
Annexes Open Event at
Union Coursing
Park.
All- Americas Profit by
Davis' Out-of-the-
Lot Drive.
MAKE FOUR RUNS
ON A LUCKY HIT
FUST LIBERATOR
A STAKE WINNER
SPORTS AND PASTIMES ENJOYED IN CRISP WINTER WEATHER
THE jSAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JAN TTARY, 13, ,1902.
GUNMEN GATHER M FORCE AT SANTA MARIA
TO WATCH SPORTING DOGS IN FIELD TRIALS
6
Du Pont Powder.
Black. Sporting*
]"' Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask /oar dealer for"
Shallo Loaded OuPont
With: . Smoteless
C. A^ KAIGHT, Agent; &
226 Market St., S.F.
Specialists
tMen
Largest Practice
on the
Pacific Coast.
Dr. Talcott & Co.
Many Men Treated foi» a Weak*
ness Which Never- Existed.
IN THE UROEST PROPORTIOV m»
Ssw*SJ^^ar«S
may be. i however twL -Z \ morbid chang*
that stoSach "dr!w-rtSS "Sii mUst "^ersUnd
forts directed t^wfrd •.-". , not cure - but « f '
tract -wUJ wstorT d In S?i r Vj* the *«>¦«***<»
case, a, the treating Dract ,J c e «uch is th«
fails to acTOmDliah^h? a OI J t i le9e ¦¦ nes never
c^rt of 0^
Portland Office: 250i Alder St.. Cor. 3d.
San Francisco Office: 997 Harbt Cor. (BlBERKELEY. Jan. . 12.— Mrs. ' C. D. Riley
of 1610 Oxford | street received a severe
scalp wound by falling while attempting
to alight from a late train last night as
it pulled Into Berkeley, station. She step
ped from the car before the train stopped
and was thrown to the ground. She re
ceived a' gash in the left side of her head
which required - several etitches and - her
left shoulder was bruised and i wrenched
by the fall. PassengerB on the train re
moved Mrs. Rlley to a near by drug store,
where medical, aid. was secured. ¦
Her Scalp Laid Open.
The following named officers ' of ¦ Rlncon
•Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West have been installed:
James Hannan, past president: John Manion,
president; Frank Roeschmer, fJrst vice preS
dent; I*. Oringo, • second vice president; • Ed
Courtney, third vice president; Harry Sophey,
marshal: L. K. Hagenkamp, recording secre-r
tary; w. E. Foley, financial secretary: T. H.
Vivian, treasurer; W. J. Wynne, L.. Serecano
and F. Horn, trustees; t Drs. W. W. Wymore
and D. F.' Kagan," surgeons. ..;':.' ,;
. San 1 Francisco Parlor, NY S. Q. W.
• The following named' offJcen of San
Francisco Parlor of the Native Sons 'of
the : Golden West have been installed : !
Ben Ii«vy,' president: Dr. W. Jackson,"- first
vice president: F. . F. Flynn. second • vice presi
dent; B. P. Troy, third .vice president; O. 8.
Mazzlni,- marshal;: Lewis. P. Powelson, record
ing secretary; J. H. Nelson, financial secretary;
Frank Marini, treasurer; C. Renfleld, D. P. Be
ban • and F. ' V. v Severance, trustees : : William
Guilllbert, inside sentinel; D. O'Connell, outside
sentinel; Dr. J.' Artigues,". surgeon.
; Alcatraz Parlor, ;N. ; S.;G.!^VS
The following named ¦officers of Alcatraz
Parlor of the Native Sons of. the Golden
West were* installed 'by District Deputy
Grand President R.. P. • Troy.- assisted* by
J. L». Gallagher as grand marshal : ¦- ; ;¦? ¦.-..--.
William Ryan, past president ;,n. A." Haw
kins, president; W. F. Morton,^ first vica presi-
After the Installation there was the pre
sentation of an emblematic gold and dia
mond - badge to r retiring - Past President
Walter J. Smith, , after . which ? there was
high jinks iniwhich Past President Thom
as' E. . Curran,"-', the. -Columbus ' Quartet
James : McAullffe;.. Frank | Rotherroa&l and
James E. Donohue : took ¦ part. ¦ ¦ v
¦'-'.-. " • . Y i - * " [*iM~~ < *-" a *•** *'¦.%•¦*
¦ E.. ' T. '. Copeland,' past president: : David : M.
Ahern, . president; 'Joseph • A. . McAullffe, < flr»t
vice president; R.J. Walsh, second vice presi
dent; W. Ecclee, third vice president; E. T. de
Sparr. - marshal ; H. J. . Mahoney, recording* sec
retary; - Da ; Guy ; : Simpson, - financial secretary;
J. W. Dorsn, - outside : sentinel. ..,¦'¦¦-.!-•.
<3ept; Charles* J. Turner, second vice president;
J, O, Staples, third vice president; J. F, Jew
ell, marshal; C. F. Fltzsimmoiwi, recording sec
retary; H. ¦ T. Ansbro, financial secretary; Dr.
A. K. Happersberger • and C. F. Miller, sur
geons. .;¦¦ • .-[,. ._. •. - ;¦¦¦. "¦••; •
Dolores ; Parlor, N. S. O." W. '¦-...
I The following named officers of woloreV
Parlor; of the Native Sons J of ' the golden
.West : were installed by District Deputy
Grand President J. ! : J. Greeley:
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 12.— The United
States, through the civil. service commis
sion governing the Philippine Islands, has
ordered the construction ' of twenty-one
steamers and revenue cutters in Oriental
ports. Bids were opened in December and
contracts have since been placed. Under
these the steamers will be built by seven
or eight shipbuilding firms of Japan,
Shanghai, Hongkong .and Singapore.
Twenty steamers will each be 160 feet long
and one,' to be used as the flagship of the
squadron, will: be about 200 feet long.
The matter of building these steamers
by coolie labor in Asiatic ports has ap
parently been kept in the background for
fear of arousing opposition in this coun
try. The object, of course, is to save time
and expense by having them constructed
as near Manila as possible.
Specifications wero prepared. curing ne
late fall under the direction' of Com
mander Marlx, " Captain of the Port of
Manila;' who later took them before the
shipbuilding concerns of Oriental cltlen:
Most of these firms had representatives
present when the bids were opened. The
total cost will. approximate 1500,000.,
FRATERNAL BODIES INSTALL
OFFICERS FOR NEW TERM
TACOMA, Jan. 12.— Koyukuk advices to
December 1 have been received via Daw
son. Bert Barton, who reached Bettles
City October 2, writes that a great stam
pede from Dawson' and Nome in the
spring is indicated by miners from those
camps who are rushing in this winter.
Just before he wrote a nugget of almost
pure gold, worth $C00. had been found in
one of the creeks. Barton says:
"Gold is found at a -depth of about four
feet. The first stratum is gravel and
then comes slate bedrock, where *the pay
streak lies. The wages range from $1 to
$1 23 an hour, . but almost every one is
working for himself and It is hard to get
help. Logs for houses are bought and
s£ld for $6 each. There were only 150 peo*
pie in the entire Koyukuk country last
year, but there are about 300 now. ;
"There are four saloons here, one bak
ery and two restaurants. Flour is selling
at $7 per sack, sugar at 20 cents per
pound, bacon at 45 cents a pound, cariboo
or moose meat at $1 a pound, overalls for
$2 50. rubber boots at $15 a pair and to
bacco at $2 a pound. There is a great
scarcity of goods of all descriptions in
this country. Men who get in here early"
with supplies will clear small fortunes." l
Special Pispatch to The Call
Remarkable Discovery
Reported in Koyu
kuk Region.
Groverhment Gives Con
tracts to Firms in
the Orient.
Nearly all the royal personages of Eu
rope are cousins.
MINERS MEET
FOR A STAMPEDE
COOLIE LABOR
FOR THE SHIPS
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 12.— By arrange
ment with Charles Frohman, William
Gillette's dramatization of "Sherlock
Holmes" was produced at the Grand
Theater here last night. The title role
was takrn by Marcel Meiji of Berlin.
The house was crowded and the play well
received.
'•Sherlock Holmes*' at Amsterdam.
; The new bill. which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes the Volkyra family of ac
robats and equilibrists; Mullally sisters,
singers and dancers; the only Barrington,
Imitator of animals and musical Instru
ments; Nellie Montgomery, juvenile bal
ladist: Dick Wild, the popular barytone,
end Deaves'* Merry Manikins. A series
of new moving pictures will also . be
ehown. . \ ¦ " "¦¦..¦ . . .. •
The authorities to-day found a letter
which Haenfel had addressed to the Ma
sonic Lodge. It was dated the. day before
the tragedy, which indicates that he had
planned the murder many hours before
committing it. To Secretary J. B. Brown
of Humboldt Lodge, No. 9. he wrote that
he desired that organization to care for
his children and administer what re
mained of his estate. He said his suffer
ing had been great and he hoped the mem
bers would not think harshly of him. In
concluding the note he expressed love for
those with whom he had been associated
in the lodse.
In the room where he shot his wife was
found a small package of letters on which
was written "Keepsakes for my children."
Kindly. neighbors are caring for the chil
dren until something can be done for their
permanent welfare. , >
Haenfel was once a baker in San Fran
cisco. He came here twenty-five years
ago with $11,000, but lost most -of his
money. He was 50 years old and his wife
was 39.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s to-morrow * morn-
Ing, prices ranging* from 60 cents to $1 50.
Deed Was Premeditated.
The circumstances surrounding the trag
edy were uncommonly pathetic. In the
room where the shooting was done were
the seven children, their ages ranging
from 5 months to IS years. The baby was
lying asleep in a crib in one corner of the
apartment, and the other little ones were
huddled in another corner, fearsome spec
tators of a crime the enormity of which
they were too young to comprehend.
When the eldest girl saw her mother
fall from her chair, bleeding from a
frightful wound where the contents of a
shotgun had shattered her head, she
rushed to the street and screamed for a
policeman.
"Papa shot mamma!" she sobbed, and
then rushed back, to the house. Imploring
the officer to hurry after her. The police
man was-quick to respond to the pitiful
appeal of the horror-stricken child, but
the murderer had been rapid in his work.
When the officer reached the room the
bodies of husband and wife were lying on
the floor. Death had already closed the
story of domestic infelicity, and the little
children were parentless.
Children See the Crime.
It was learned to-day that the restaur
ant-keeper had frequently threatened self
destruction. He suspected for some time
that Mrs. Haenfel contemplated an ac
tion for divorce, and his recent discovery
that his suspicions were not unfounded so
preyed upon his mind that in a fit of
anger he committed the double crime.
EUREKA, Jan. 12.— An overburdening
fear that his wife had determined to leave
him, with the wreck of his fortune to em
bitter his remaining days, and the re
eporfslblllty of providing for some, if "not
all, of his numerous children out of earn
ings scarcely sufficient for his own sub
sistence, were the causes that, impelled
J. H. G. Haenfel to murder the woman
and take his own life last night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YOUNG COUPLE WELL, KNOWN IN SOCIETY CIRCLES ACROSS THE
BAY. WHERE THEIR PARENTS ARE OLD-TIME AND RESPECTED
- RESIDENTS, WHO WILL BE WED WITHIN THE YEAR.
i Companions of [ the : Forest; (A; 0. F. •
v Mrs-;M. Harvey," D.tD.'-S..G.fC.;C..' of
the "' Companions I of. 1 the* Forest^ ¦ Ancient
Order of i Foresters, has installed the : fol
lowing officers-.of : Sherwood ;Clrcle: .
Anna Levy, chief companions; Tillie Meyers,'
' Frank ': Bell, president; S. P.- Holden. vica
president; A. B. Farless. speaker; Davis Lou
derback, ex-president ; J. • K. Lowell, financial
secretary; ¦ T. A. Farless. recording secretary;
A. : W. Stott, . chaplain ; E. ¦ Benson, usher ;. J.
Curtis, sergeant; J. K. Johanscn, doorkeeper.
J. H.' Cutter, the retiring president, was
presented a diamond-set emblematic gold
button' of the order In appreciation ¦ of the
faithfulness with t which he served ' the
council during his term. ¦ ¦'..
- The officers . of - Union Council were in
stalled by Senator J. W. Cuthbert for the
current term. They are:
¦ E.' E. Kahn, " president: :VT. A.* Galvln, vice
president; Dr. A." M. Flood, speaker; J. H.
Cutter .ex-president; M. A. Fraser, secretary;
J.' R.*Hlllman, financial eecretary; E. W. Fer
guson, treasurer:, Edward "Dillon Jr.. chaplain;
A. T. * Nelson, ¦ usner;' F. »*W. . Anderson, ser
geant; Wesley Davis, doorkeeper: B. B. Cutter.
J. Ottenberg and E. B. Kahn. trustees; J. H.
Cutter. C. E. ¦ Torres. • H. - "W. - Maaes. J. Otten
berg, E. E. Kahn and J. If. -Bunting, delegates
to the Ban Francisco- Cabinet : ¦
National Union Councils.
There was a large attendance at the in
stallation of- the officers of Pacific Coun
cil of the National Union. The installing:
officer was Deputy President J. N.' Bunt
ing, who was assisted by J. R. McGufflck
of California Council as usher. The new
officers are: » .
Albert Adam, ' ' sachem : - : Fred Severance,
senior sagamore: Arthur Sholes Junior saga
more; A, L. Prlngle. prophet; S. Bcrel, chief
of records; G. A. Trautner, chief of .wampum;
I Leichter, Keeper of wampum; O. H. Dow.
guard of the wigwam; M. Levy, guard of the
forest; M. Bloom.' first, and 1^ Leichtel.- second
Bannap. .:.'-¦.*
"Deputy Great Sachem Albert E. Lee has
raised up the following officers of Oshonee
Tribe, &L Bloom . acting as great sannap
and M. Kramer as great prophet: -
District Deputy ! Great Sachem S. Gold
man, assisted by , J. Harry Hutaff , has
raised up the following tribal chiefs of the
Improved Order of Red Men: . .
Altahmos Tribe— George W. Baltic, sachem:
William J. BlalsdeU, senior sagamore :, Frank
Pearson." Junior sagamore; A. B. Wessllng.
prophet; C. F. Jacobson. chief of records;- C.
N Brown, chief of wampum; J. Hanson, keep
er ef wampum; Dr. Frank B. Petrie. medicine
man; J. S. Patterson. V. F. Northrup, W. T.
Lyon, trustees. ¦¦;•, : ' ->'¦ ' ¦
Yosemite Tribe — C. F. Crajw. sachem; C.
Daategue, senior sagamore; A. Friedman,
junior sagamore; W. C. Adtunj. prophet; C. M.
Price, chief of records.
Bed Men's Tribes.
Bournemouth Circle.
• The following officers of Bournemouth
Circle were installed by Deputy J. R.
Sands, assisted by Deputies Mrs. Taokley
and Mrs. Goodwin:
.p Taylor, past chief companion; A. Mead
dows, chief companion; E. Prentls, sub-chief
companion; M. Wilson, financial, and P.- Gar
land, recording secretary: t,. Sands, treasurer;
Maud. Wilson, right guide; M. Johnson, left
guide; E. Richardson, insWe.-and D. Thomas,
outsldo gu»rd. A . ;
KINGMAN, .Ariz., Jan. 12.-Kingman
was excited to-day over the reported dis
covery of a big gold deposit by M. F.
Wilkinson in the Boundary Cone dlstrlcf,
thirty miles southwest of here. He
brought in several ounces of gold nuggets
which he says were panned from alluvial
below the ledge, and also some quartz
which hung together with wires of- gold.
The discoverer covered up the find and
came to town to inform his ' partner.
They will put a force to work sinking a
shaft at once. . The ledge is said to be en
the Treadwell vein, recently sold to Los
Angeles people. Wilkinson claims all the
soil surrounding the vein and the gravel
in the canyon below will pay big. .
. Prospectors are rushing to the new dis
trict and everything within miles of the
camp is being located.
sub-chief ; Mrs. B. Ferguson, treasurer; Kate
M. Howard, financial secretary; Mollie Dakin,
recording secretary; May A. O'Brien, right
guide; Mrs. M. Elecbers, left guard; Esther C.
Dunn. Inside guard; Mls3 K. Brtdgewood, outer
guard; Miss von Llndermann, organist.
• After the installation a diamond pin
was presented to Mrs. Lillian Severance,
the retiring chief companion.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— Ex-Governor and
Mrs. Levi P. Morton to-day announce!
the engagement of their fourth daughter,
Miss Alice Morton, to Winthrop Ruther
ford of this city. Mr. Rutherford comes
I'rom the old Rutherford family and is
related to nearly all the old Knickerboc
ker families in New York. He is very*
wealthy.
Iiliss Alice Morton to Wed.
Cause Assigned for the
Eureka Murderer's
Crime. \
An Arizona Prospector
Makes Find of Pre
cious Ore.
SPRINGFIELD DEPOT. Ohio, Jan. 12.-
A patent medicine romance ended in a
marriage to-day. Albert Thompson is
70 years of age and practices medicine
in Los Angeles, Cal. In his medical work
he found out that a certain balsam made
iu Danbury. Conn., was a pretty good
thing, so he wrote to the proprietor, who
happened to be a woman. Mrs. Alvorn
Louis*:. Bennett, a widow 56 years of age.
A correspondence sprung up and 1t' eocn
developed that they had interests in com
mon although a space from Ahe. Atlantic
to the Pacific separated them. Photo
graphs were exchanged and they were
engaged. Oberlin was agreed upon as the
meeting place. He came from across the
Oesert and prairie, she from the East.
They found they had made no mistake
and the balsam had proven a wonderful
remedy. They were married in Oberlin
at the home cf Thompson's brother.
Aged Physician Wins a Wife Through
Writing to the Proprietress
of a Balsam.
PATENT MEDICINE AIDS
CUPID IN HIS WORK
GOLDEN WIRES
IN THE QUARTZ
accident was to-day swelled to seventeen.
Winfleld Stutz, who had submitted to the
amputation of one of his legs, died to
day at Flower Hospital. He lived at New
Rocbelle.
Richard Moleux, another New Rochelle
man who is at the same hospital, is re
ported | to be in a serious condition. The
other patients are progressing favorably.
Winfield Stutz of New Rochelle Dies
¦ ' After Submitting to a Surgical
' Operation.
NBW'YORK, Jan. U.-r-The- death list
caused -by. the New ,Tort;. Central tunnel
DEATH '¦- LIST OF TUNNEL
X ACCIDENT 'GROWS STEADILY
DEATH RATHER
THAN DIVORCE
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— The engage
ment has been announced of Miss
Mary Augusta Gibbons of Aia
meda and Wallace Dana Evans
of Oakland. Both young people
are. members of old-established families
iof • Aiameda- County, Miss Gibbons beins
a niece of Robinson Gibbons, who has
been identified with the United States
Surveyor General's office since 1S61 and
now holds the position of chief draughts
man of the mineral department. She Is
also the granddaughter of William P. Gib
bons, one of the founders of Toland .Medi
cal College. The groom-to-be is a son of
Colonel Joseph T. Evans of the United
States Treasury Department and is him
self in the employ of the Government, be
ing deputy collector of customs and trav-.
pany, on Fifty-first street, near the Pan
handle Railroad tracks, threatens the de
struction of - the : company's I entire plant.
The elevator, in which; was stored 300,000
¦bushels of barley, has been destroyed with
its contents. The loss, it is said, will be
$500,000..: ¦¦ ¦¦¦-¦- ¦
Vast Quantity of Barley Is Destroyed
¦ 1 and Loss Will Beach Half
a Million Dollars.
| CHICAGO. Jan. 13.-r-Flre which broke
out about 1:30 o'clock this morning In the
elevator, of;' the American '.Malting Con>-
IIKE RAGES IN PLANT
- .¦"¦'; ;. v 6p r aiA»rnsf6 company
The special committee will meet on
Wednesday to further consider the exclu
sion acts.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Newlands of
Nevada presided to-day at a session of
the special committee of Western Sen
ator? and Representatives that is engaged
in the consideration of Chinese legislation.
A proposed exclusion bill prepared, by
representatives of the Federation of La
l>or itii indorsed by several Califcrnians
was the subject under discussion. This
bill re-enacts the various exclusion laws
now in force and adds provisions that are
designed to prevent the migration of Chi
nese between the United States and its
insular possessions, and vice versa.
Mr. Dunn, representing the immigra
tion bureau of the Treasury Department,
was present and explained the attitude of
the bureau. He said it desired to perfect
•.he administration of the law. while Con
press could shape such new legislation
as was Decenary to meet the conditions
that had arisen.
Present an Anti-Chinese
Measure.
Federation of Labor. Representatives
SPECIAL COMMITTEE
DISCUSSES EXCLUSION
Before an attendance of men numbering
1200 Dr. David Starr Jordan and Professor
Benjamin Ide Wheeler delivered addresses
last evening at Trinity Episcopal Church.
The usual service of the church was per
formed by the pastor, the Rev. F. W.
Claxnpett. ¦'<¦..
Dr. Jordan commenced his discount
with the explanation that what he would
say was not new, but It was true. Ha
spoke of the advantages of a sound and
sober life, of an upright, moral and cour
ageous life. A clean life was a strong
life and those who were weak were so
because they were weakened. Whatever
we get, said the lecturer, we had to pay
for. Happiness Is not got without sacri
fice. He dwelt upon the "short cuts to
happiness," which were a • danger to
man's after life. Speaking of adversity
Dr. Jordan declared that bad luck wu '
the best kind of luck to the man who
could overcome it. As it Is with adversity,
so it Is with temptation. There Is a good
deal in the strength by which temptation,
is resisted. ••"Indeed," said the lecturer,
"a man is not really good until ha meets
temptation and conauers it."- He spoke*
on the strength to say the word "no" and
advised its adoption, its usa and tha
moral courage to speak the word.. There
was no pleasure in life so great as tha
conquest of evil habits. Indolence
brought with It misery and vice and lead,
to the very reverse of happiness. To th«
gambling spirit could be traced many
evils in society. ¦ ¦ y a v-,
Dr. Jordan spoke of the dangers In th«
path of children of the cities, of the pre
cocity of youth in that which is vulgar
and of those who are profane and steeped
In obscenity, both fallings, he declared,
being the outcome of vulgarity. •
Professor Wheeler spoke of the moral •
man and reminded his hearers that. the
good citizen lived in accordance with the
laws of health and society. What good
was money? he asked. Did they wish to
pile it up for the use of their children
when they were &one. that they, the chil
dren, might lead lives of Indolence—use
less and snobbish? Unless used for good
purposes, money was a burden and i
shame. And on this point Professor
Wheeler asserted that no permanent sat
isfaction could be enjoyed in having th»
applause of men, which only begot the sia
of vanity. ¦ He commended to all the ilv
ing a larger a moral, a healthy and a
beautiful life. "
BRITISH STJBPEISE AND
: V ; :^<r CAPTTTRE BOER CAMP
Major Wolmarans Among the Pris
oners Taken in an Attack
Near Ermelo.
PRETORIA. Jan. 12.— The British forces
have surprised. and captured a Boer laag
er twenty miles northwest of Ermelo.
Forty-two Boers were taken, includlcsr
Major Wolmarans. - ¦
PETITION THE PBESIDENT.
Bo«r Sympatlxizers In Chicago Want
Neutrality Laws Enforced.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— The Chicago branch
of the American Transvaal League met
to-night and adopted a petition calling
upon President Roosevelt to enforce the
neutrality laws. A large number of sig
natures of prominent men— Judges, law
yers and others— were obtained. The peti
tion Is in the form of an argument, and
sets forth that the United States is con
ceded to be a neutral nation m the war
between Great Britain and the South Alri
can Republics. It Is contended that If,
the augmentation of Great Britain's mili
tary supplies from the p<jrt of New Or
leans was stopped the South African
war would come to a speedy end. It Is
urged that horses and mules designed for
use in military operations are within the
meaning of the term "military supplies,"
as used in the treaty of Washington- The
President, therefore, is called upon to
strictly enforce Article S of that treaty.
DENVER, Jan. 12.— An enthusiastic pro-
Boer meeting was held at the Broadway
Theater to-night, at which Hon. Webster
Davis, formerly Assistant Secretary of
the Interior, was the principal speaker.
The theater was crowded to overflowing,
and on the stage were State and city of
ficials and many other prominent citizens.
Mr. Davis described his visit to Pretoria,
the capital of the South African republic,
shortly after the outbreak of the war.
and told of his great surprise to find that
a- large majority of the people spoke the
English language, that the country sup
ported improved means of transportation
and other evidences of progress, all of
which disproved the assertions of illiter
acy and uncivilization the enemies of the
Boer race were wont to attribute to them.
-¦¦--¦¦- - . ¦ . %¦••%'•
The old board of trustees was retained. Frank
Bell. T. A. Farless. S. P. Holden and J. K.
Jobansen, delegates to the Cabinet.
"Women of Woodcraft.
Past Guardian Neighbor Mrs. J. W.
Stenart installed the following officers of
California Circle of the Women of Wood
craft for the current term in the presenca
of an audience that filled Cabrlllo Hall,
in the Native Sons' building:
Mrs. Hester Bell Oliver, past guardian neigh
bor; Mabel McCracken. guardian neighbor; Jo
hanna Steart, adviser; Esther Ilyama, banker;
Mrs. Otto M. Katz, clerk; Emllle Sorlngrer. at
tendant; M. Swan, magician: Mrs. G. \V.
Baltic, captain of the guards: Mrs. J. Blanch
ard. musician; Mrs. E. von Helms. Inner sen
tinel; G. W. Baltic, outer sentinel; Mrs.
Phreaner. Mrs. McCartney and Mrs. Cavt
caugh, managers.
At the close of the Installation there
was presented to Mrs. Oliver, the retiring
guardian 'neighbor, as a token of recogni
tion of the admirable manner' In which.
she conducted the affairs of the circle
while she waa in the chair, a pair of
smoked pearl opera-glasses. The presenta
tion was followed by an evening of In
strumental music, songs and dancing.
Senator Hanna's secretary says that
since 18S6 500 children have been named
after the Senator. . , . ¦¦'
Although Schwab had occasional run3
of luck late in the afternoon in addition
to his recent winning of 75,000 francs on
ttro successive coups, he has already
dropped several thousand dollars. He
lost ten coups of StXW francs in succession
last night.
Lord Rosslvn is playing his system in
termittently. He neither wins nor iost;s
much. All interest in him is gone.
ilOXTE CARLO. Jan. 12.— Charles M.
Schvva'j. president of the United States
Sieel Corporation, who has been plajir.g
:oulette very high here during the past
few day*, broke the bank this afternoon.
He had backed 26 plain, and in various
ways in maxiinums had won 50,000 francs.
He left the table air.id great excitement
and a large crowd followed him.
Schwab resumed playing later on
snothcr table and lost 15.000 francs on flve
successive coups. He then resumed his
pnetaos of backing a' certain number «nd
the contiguous numbers on the cloth to
the extent of lOOO, 2000 or 3000 francs. He
lost every time and his winnings nea.r!y
vanished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
> The body .; of -Patrick > Ryan, the
watchman .; for the Spring/ Valley "Water
Company, whose ¦ ha t and ,'one shoe were
found on the bankof Lake! Honda Satur
day morning,'. was found at'the bottom of
the lake yesterday, by. Fred Link of 550
Mission' street.; -Whether Ryan commit
ted j suicide . or • fell into f the lake Is not
known. -, The factthat the old?watehman f s
shoe J:' and.- bat -. were > : 'f6und In prox
imity , to -where the i body* was discovered
leads •• the-- Corpnerfs s deputies • to believe
that Ryan> committed -suicide-
Ryan for a. -number of years was em
ployed by the* Spring Valley Water Com
pany, in, the. capacity of "lookout" at Lake
Honda. Saturday, morning Daniel "Des
mond, an employe of the water company,
saw a number of lights from different
lanters j which skirt "the shores,' and con
cluding that something was wrong' with
Ryan, whose, duties were to extinguish
the lights at - daybreak, I he proceeded to
investigate, i On reaching the lake he was
astonished to find, the . old . watchman's
hat- and one of his shoes tossed carelessly
on the bank of the lake. Failing to get
a- trace of - Ryan after an hour's search
he • went >to ; the - Almshouse and told the
superintendent that he feared that the
watchman, had been drowned, ¦ ¦
, A . thorough search was ... promptly in
stituted, but the body was not found until
yesterday.' An inquest will be held this
mornings Ryan -was 55 years of age and
Jived* at 311 Clementina • street.
The third and last of the first series of
symphony concerts under the auspices of
the San Francisco Symphony Society will
take place at the Grand Opera-house next
Friday afternoon at 3:15 sharp. Last Fri
day's concert was. an .-. absolute artistic
fcuceess. aud for the final programme Di
rector Paul Stelndorft and his orchestra
of fifty-five men, with Giulio Mlnetti as
concert melster, have prepared an even
stronger programme. It ; includes Mo
zart's Jupiter symphony in C major*
''Dreams." by Wagner; "Scenes PJttor
esque? by -Massenet. and the over
ture to "Donna Diana," by B. V
von Reznlcek,. played 'for the first time
hera. The sale of seats^wlll besrin at
The programme at Fischer's Concert
House for this week, the last under the
present policy. Is unusuany strong. The
list of entertainers includes Agnes and
Charles Moon, comedy sketch artists;
Mendel and Mack, black face comedians;
Dora Mervin, a pleasing soubrette; Mon
roe, the "lone Hottentot"; Frank Ferez,
novelty aerlailst; Hinee and KImball, ac
robats, gymnasts and perch performers,
and Brady and Hamilton, a renowned
team, of singers and dancers. Hinrichs'
orchefctra has prepared' an especially
eJaborate programme for the final week
of vaudeville, beginning next Monday
the house will be closed for alterations
after which it will reopen with a splen
did burlesque company, presenting the
latest Eastern successes.
• • •
These are the last chances to see "Lit
tle Red Riding Hood," as the popular
Christmas fantasy gives place next week
to the opening opera of the comic opera
season, "The Ameer." "Little Red Rid
ing Hood" is one of the prettiest things
in its way that the Tivoli has put on, and
if there are still any children who have
not seen it they should surely not miss
the chance this week.
The Central will put on Augustus Daly's
famous melodrama "Under the Gaslhjht"
to-night. It affords many opportunities
for scenic picturesqueness and will, as
usual, be elaborately mounted. There are
to be also a number of good specialities
during the course of the evening, and the
cast of the play promises satisfaction go
far as the acting is concerned.
• • • •
"Claire and the Forgemaster," one , of
the Important successes of Mr. and ' Mrs.
Kendall, will be put on at the Grand
Opera-house to-night. Herschel Mayail
and Laura Nelson, who are both winning
favor steadily with patrons of the house,
will assume the leading roles. The large
cast demanded by the play will call for
the full strength of the Grand Opera
house Stock Company.
The Alcazar Theater will have a nov
elty this week in a new romantic, drama
by Owen Davie, "For the White Rose."
The management has put forth every ef
fort to make the play a success and re
gards the production as one of the most
important of the season. "For the White
Rose" concerns itself with the warring
factions of the War of the Roses and has
for hero a young Irishman named Larry
Kavanaugh, whose adventures form the
central interest of the play. M. L.. AIsop,
who played the role In Rochester, where
the drama was first produced, will again
assume it, and the rest of the cast, in
which are included twelve speaking
parts, will be undertaken by the members
of the Alcazar Stock Company.
« « • #
• • •
. At the Columbia Theater this evening
Modjeska and James will enter upon the
second and iinal week of their engage
ment with a production of "Macbeth," In
which Modjeska will be seen as Lady
Macbeth and James as Macbeth. This
bill will be repeated on Saturday night.
On .Tuesday night and at the A matinee on
Saturday "Mary Suart" will be presented.
"The Merchant of Venice" will be pro
duced on Wednesday and Friday nights,
and on Thursday night the final presenta
tion of "Henry VIII" will be given.
There is a large advance sale of seats
for this splendid repertoire. All the plays
will be staged on an elaborate scale.
Next Monday night comes the Kirke La
Shelle Opera Company in the comic
opera success, "The Princess Chic." The
company is jiighly spoken of and the
operatic presentation is ranked among
the best theatrical offerings of the sea
son.
Eddie Girard and Jessie Gardner, in
their neat little skit entitled "The Sou
brette and the Cop." made their usual hit.
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, presenting
"A Happy Pair," put a touch of realism
into their work last night, and succeeded
In bringing down the house. Alf Holt and
the three Westons were also on the bill.
The three Faust sisters, acrobatic and
dancing soubrettes. do a neat little act
that won for them well-merited applause.
Arthur Uiickner, a clever trick bicyclist,
made his initial appearance last night. He
does some hair-raising "stunts" on the
wheel. Buckner's work is not quite as
fancy as that of the Kaufmann family,
which appeared here some time ago, but
his dare-devil feats on J.he bicycle are
¦ ' T '
Kara uses in his act an assistant made
up as a grillroom waiter. The assistant
Eports a pair of side whiskers and is a
rather laughable looking object, but there
h:s usefulness ends. The elimination of
the man who does the thinking part might
help Kara to show his old-time form.
The bill at the Orpheum this week is ex
ceptionally good. Mhree new turns added
to tne programme presented at the popu
lar vaudeville house last weeK make one
ot th«? best- shows &een at trie Orpueum.
»n some tmie. Kara, the premier juggler
of the country, was one of the new ieat
ures of the bill. There is little douDt
that Kara is a great juggler, but his per
formance last night anu- yesterday atier
noon did not reflect nyich credit up'on his
ability in the object twisting and balanc
ing line. His work was ragged and ngt
up to his usual standard. He fumbied
hss "props" ;i nd had to repeat some of his
eimp.est tricks three or four times before
doing them successfully.
A large audience greeted Richard Gold
en and his company in "Old Jed Prouty"
at the California }ast night. ."OJU ¦ Jed
Prouty" is' a pastoral drama bad ;<.'kan
tiud wholesome entertainment,- though it
dots not always escape the mawkish.' It
is most successful as a character* sketch,
the play being built round a. quaint old
Yankee innkeeper, whose , j sayings and
doings keep the audience well entertained
ihroughout the evening. Otherwise the
dramatic material is* well worn, .the-tit
uatiuns comfortable, of the expected' kind
and the even tenor ot lite play's four acts
are without the shock of novelty. ' ¦-•¦'
As last year, Klcnaru Uoldc-n essays the
Iniikceperj oiu jea i-rouiy, and wun the
same success. His cnaracterizatlon is
bom picturesque and convincing. His por
truit of tne old countryman,- with' its
quick p ome-ana-go temper, sturdy : up
rightness, dry humor, sound
and jryoa ''horse sense" is clever -work,
it would be better if one could » always
iiear Mr. Golden aistinctiy, but- his elocu
tion is frequently of the iuzzy order. He
talks into ma buots, lus confidence is not
oetrayca and the auuience goes a-guess
ing. But nevertheless it is more than
commonly sooa wx<ru,. retrained, full of
humor and gyiupatfijr. Kotjert Craig: does
an excellent sKtrtcn of tne town crier,
Z;ick Wiicox, -ana iiarry M. Moree, Nvlth
a jewel of a mitkeup.Uces a. teamster to
tht: lire. Horace iiusnby . and Coulter
Howard furnish suitably the villains of
the cast, and Melvilje a. Collins does well
enougn as a< Boston drummer.. .. . .-. .. *
The women are not much. There is a
smail .girl, Leote Smciair, a bright
and clever little actress, who plays me
part oi Alice with a pleasing naturalness
and ease. Kutnerme Kuticman j-eeraa
to nave studtea ner neroine irom a iiow
erjMype, and iiutn Hoyai aim Kate Med
inger nave as much ic-atiiy in their re
fcl«rctive parta- as me xamuus magic lan
tern ValKyrits of tne last gxanu optra
season.
v\urde comes next week with a classic
repertoire. - . - :
'Lake Honda.
Fred- Link, Locates the Re
j mains at the Bottom lot •
Productions of Merit Are on
at All Theaters This
;[? Week.
Later Playing Cons ; derably
Reduces American's
Clean-up.
"In Short Guts to Happiness
Is Danger," the First
Named Says.
eling auditor for the. Northern District of
. Alaska.* 7 Previous to his . present- appoint
ment Mr.- Evans was .deputy of
¦ ; customs :ln "Manila. ..¦ '¦ : ".\.-;.W' r.0:"->* ¦ '''¦
*..- Mr. l Evaus is a,' popular "young clubman,
. being a -member -of the Elks and of the
Athenian ; Club of Oakland. ;¦»'- He was at
. one time closely identified'Wlth;the
ance Club. •'¦.'¦¦ '* -
Miss : Gibbons makes her. home with her
"'• uncle In Aiameda.' She is a charming and
• accomplished girl. .*,i • ¦ .-.- 3 ."."»:¦%-",:" --'
fNo date has been set for. the wedding,
.•but it will, take place .within, the year. .
¦:¦'..:. ¦'.:-.* ' : ---';\. . ¦'' /• ' 9 ¦.•:.-¦'¦. '•¦:••¦
- Miss Jean* Scupham, the little daughter
of Mrs. J. 'R. Scupham, celebrated -her
eighth. birthday, yesterday with an enjoy
' able party, to which abouttflfty -of her
small friends had been invited. The resi
dence was prettily decorated with red and
*green,' and the. afternoon "was. passed in
'the enjoyment of merry-games, the most
•Interesting being a gum-modeling contest.
. *The table on which ;the. -birthday, feast
was " spreadr was attractive. The i favors .
for the little girls were baskets of candy,
those 'f or :the. boys .being small boxes .of.
• chocolate . cigarettes. Little : Miss Scup
? ham's guests were: ... V ..; , . , .
'¦ '. Luella "Alexander. :De -.Vere Adams, 1 Edsonita
..•"Adams,' Buth rBurchard' '.Avis Burchard, Irene
Collins, ' .Vida . Collins, Bernlx*. Collins, Helen
¦ Bannon.'r Helen- Carlton, •Dottle^EKbert,' Ruth
GroBsmayer, Helen High, Charlotte Hurd.
• Marian Kergun, Phyllis - tiovell, LHla .Lovell,
, Helen Leet, Heaton Leet,- Hope Mathews, Marie
. MacHenry, Lucy Mitchell, Marian 1 Miller, Con
• suelo OsKOod, . Patricia Poore, Beth 'ParcHls.
Alice Rowley, Hester Rowley, Ruth Stark, Beth
Stark, Hazel Teathen. Serlta Taylor, Mignon
i Wilson, v Margaret Webber. Dorothy Tregloan,
" Dorothy Taylor, Mortimer Ame«, Basil.Crow
• ley, Beverly Crowley, Harold Cloud. Charlie
i Kybert, Harold I Gray, 'Everett - Gray, -Austin
i Huesey, • Sanford Larkey, "• Arthur .V Mitchell,
Eteele Mitchell. Stewart- Miller, Kills Miles,
Frederick Osgood, Stanley Powell end Arthur
-Webster.' ••••-•/ ; ¦ •¦ :' -r, •¦ ¦¦--,•-'•; ' i
Mysterious Disappear
ance of Patrick Ryan
Is Explained.
Dr. David S. Jordan Joins
'President Wheeler ,
in Pulpit.
Steel Corporation Presi
dent Wins at Monte
Carlo.
"Old Jed Prouty" Is a
. Clean and Whole
some Play. ';•'.%
Miss Mary A ;gusta Gibbons of Aiameda and Wallace Dana Evans
cf Oakland Are Engaged and Their Marriage A/Vill Unite Two
of the Oldest and Best Known Families Across the Bay
FINDS THE BODY
OF WATCHMAN
LARGE AUDIEMCE
GREETS GOLDEN
SCHWAB'S LUCK
NOT CONSTANT
BEFORE THE YEAR REACHES CLOSE
THEIR WEDDING BELLS WILL RING
PROCLAIM JOYS
OF MORAL LIFE
' , ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - - - - - ¦•••¦ - "-_¦ v ¦ , -¦ ¦¦ ,.-..; ¦;-:¦; - ¦ ¦ ¦> •¦» ¦
THE SAN JFRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1902^
7
This letter was written by Mrs M I,
Upglesion of Post Norfolk. Va. There is
B wonderful lesson that thousands of peo-
ple can learn, that of leavinc off narcotics
and poisonous drug's like coffee and using
plain, natural liquid and solid food con-
taining the elements the Creator intended
*ar man's use.
"I went right to work and made her a
rup of Postum the first thing, which ehe
•'.rank and liked it wonderfully welL She
rnade the change and began to improve In
:i few flaj-E. She has Tadually gotten bet-
ter and better, and, of course, I have been
ouch interested in her recovery.
"A short time aso I met her daughter-
5n-.aw and asked her how her mother was
frettins on. She said. 'Wonderfully well.
h " e ls a '«» woman, she has entirely
recovered her health and spirits, and Just
to think it was by the simple act of leav-
es off that poisonous coffee and taking
*n Pcstum Food Coffee and Grape-Nuts
Breakfast Food." "
"1 found she was a coffee drinker and
insisted that she quit the coffee and take
Postum Food Coffee with some Grape-
Xuts Breakfast Food. I had gone through
a wonderful experience myself and knew
the value of both Postum and Grape-Nuts.
"The husband sent for his mother, who
was just able to be moved. "When I called
i founi she was suffering from a most ag-
gravated stomach and bowel trouble, be-
ing in pain most of the time, and she
could hardly retain enough nourishment
to keep her alive although she was always
hungry and craving fbod, but not daring
to touch it because of the agony it brought
her.
"The doctors had told her that they
could not give her any encouragement,
that she would never be well again, and in
nor sweet, Christian way she wrote re-
sardirg: her approaching death, saying
she had relinquished all hopes and was
quietly awaiting the coming of the grim
reaper.
A lady in Norfolk, Va., writes an lnter-
<.-tine experience. "Some months ago a
friend who was calline asked if I wanted
t o read a sweet letter, and as I read it she
brushed her tears away. It was from a
beautiful Christian woman, the mother of
hrr husband.
People don't realize what a savage ty-
rant coffee is. It gets the upper hand and
one of the reasons it maintains its power
is that people do not believe that coffee is
doing the deadly work, but they wake up
once In a while.
HE HITS HARD.
Good, Old King Coffee.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
Meiiin's
Food is to be used
with fresh milk. Any
other form of milk is
unfit for infant feed-
Our took, u MeUbfs Feed Babies," utti r\
about Mellin's F«*J. . Will be sent free.
MelliiTs Food Co., Boston, Mass.
UADWAT'S KKADY RELIKF has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO years aa * -
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cure* all Colds.* Sora Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. ' Rheumatism, NeunUjU,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally;
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. AH druftfiu.'THE SAN , FKA^CISeO CALL, MOTSJDAT, JAiSTTJAKX 33, 39O3.
8
'^^JBDUjCATIOXAL--^ontiii-aed.__
A — The cfflcial" reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE.' Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50:- catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School,
associated with .theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in accounfg; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
raoved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Maaon st. -
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
' etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Bth.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post :estab'd 1871 :ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. O. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st. /
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder:
Ital. meth.; concert & oratorio.: 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business Colleee,' 24- Post St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page -catalogue free.
OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliablT"house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA, 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help.. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE! Japanese-Chinese 1 Employment Of-
«flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 510.
ORPHEUM Employment Offic-i — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires situa-
tlon; best city refs. Miss Cullen. 325 Sutter.
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires
situation; good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 328 Sutter St. ' i
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes a
- position to do general housework and plain
cooking. Please call 1414 Lyon st., near
Sutter. , ' .
GERMAN woman seeks work; good cook or
housekeeper; references furnished. IC2 Jes-
Ele st., near Palace Hotel.-. ' j
GIRL desires situation for upstairs work and
waiting; wages $25. Call at 621 Florida at.,
near Nineteenth. ,
ACTIVE, reliable woman wants work: small
family adults; good plain cook; wages mod-
erate.* Box 2908, Call office. \
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to do ¦
general housework in American family. 920
Jackson st.
YOUNG girl wants position to assist with up-
stairs work and care of children. Call 124
Eighth at. ¦>¦ -
WANTED — By American woman, position as
managing or working housekeeper, city or
country; best of references. Address L.
ANSELL. box 2012, s Call office. "
YOUNG woman, good housekeeper and cook,
wishes situation with small family of adults.
Address box 2249, Call office.
EXPERIENCED woman wants place as house-
keeper; city or country. Call afternoon or
address M. E. F., 1124 13th ave., E. Oakland.
SITUATION by young woman, to do cooking
and housework: city or country. 1163 Market.
PERFECT fitter on ladies' tailoring and chil-
dren's suits wants engagements at $1 25 day.
244 Taylor st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would f take charge of
. widower's family; country preferred. Box
2227, Call office. .
BRIGHT, active girl, quick at figures and a
good penman, wishes position where there is
a chance of advancement. Box 2211, Call
. office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been .established at lOUS
Valencia st. . . - ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
PAINTER, whltener and tlnter wants work ¦
by the week or month; moderate . wages. I
Address box 2907. Call office.- :
YOUNG man 20 wishes position In I grocery or
family liquor store; 2 years' experience; has
first-class references. Address box 2904, Call.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; first-
class butler and cook; 3-year-old child. Ad-
dress Z. ; Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
GARDENER, with many years' experience In
\ all its branches in the Eastern States. 2
N years in California, wishes position as head
gardener in a private place to 1st of Feb-
ruary. - Box 2212, Call. .
SITUATION wanted by an all-round electrician
¦ and engineer; can do repairing; have tools
and test Instruments; would like steady posi-
tion; temperate. Address Electrician, 3316
Twenty-sixth st. - .
PORTER and house man. late at a first-class
. hotel in the city, desires work in hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Address box
2258. Call office. ¦
GERMAN gentleman, possessing English, Span-
j ' lsh and German, ' desires situation as corre-
spondent or any kind of office work; knows
shorthand and has experience in South Amer-
1 : lean trade. Box 2272, Call.
MIDDL-AGED i man wants lteht nosltion on
private place or small ranch, or any other
light work in country: small wages; good
references. . Box 2247. Call. *
WANTED— Position as porter or stableman;
understands gardening; no objection to coun-
try; colored. Address 6501 Raymond St., Oak-
land.
A SITUATION wanted: all-round man: photo-
; graphic ODerator. nrinter or retoucher. Ad-
' dress box 223t>, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position in law or collec-
tion office; best of reference-*. Box 2248,
Call. . . - .
A GOOD, 'honest, sober grocery clerk would
like a position in a first-class grocery store.
Address box 2241, Call office. '
WANTED— Position by experienced bookkeeper
and stenographer; best of references. Box
2235, Call office.
STRONG young man of 21 would like a posi-
tlon where there Is chance for advancement
or to let rn a good trade. '¦ Box 2204. Call.
AN educated man of good character wishes em-
ployment in which he can advance. Box
2384, Call office, Oakland. v :
STATIONARY engineer wants position; 10*
years' experience ; steady, sober and reliable.
Address box 2332. Call office, Oakland.
POSITION wanted by an experienced meat
cutter. Box 2253. Call.
AN all-round handy man with tools wants slt-
uatlon; $12 week. Address box 2243. Call.
RECTIFIER and wine and liquor man wants
position. H. A. PDT2MAN. 1126 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office,' 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st: ¦ ...» . .. ¦ •. , . ¦ ¦ . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
' FINANCIAL.
HA ,y? flfty shares of stock that is selling~aT
$1CO a share that I will sell cheap, as I need
cash; shares of one of the most- solid cor-
porations on Pacific Coast. Call Monday.
room 40(1, 4th floor/annex to Call bldg., S. F.
COMPANIES promoted, . guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment i for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted ; gold bonds
' u "U sned - ' PACIFIC " STATES MINING i
AND INVESTMENT CO., 328 Post 6t.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
, i have 42 offices, in operation; new method of.
placing stocks and bonds ; companies : Incor-
pora |£ <J: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. C07-8-0 Parrott bldg.
: ' 'FLATS', TO LET.'
OAK. 1900— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
• new ; ¦ never been " used ; frescoed • ceilings ;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
. between -11 and 3 o'clock. -¦ .'/-
A— ONLY 2 left: $25 and $27 60; new lower; 4
rooms, bath. Myrtle ave., near. Van Nes'g.
A-^-BRAND new, 7 rooms, bath; swell location.
¦ 1C08 Larkln st.. -near Clay. '
CAPP, 916, - near Twenty-fourth— Sunny mod-
ern -5-room flat; warm belt. ¦ _
F^AT, . 5 rooms,' $11; also cottage, ?1°. Key
. 023 ; Second ft. : near. Brannan. . . -
F^> A it °£ 6 room8 - w 'th modern improvements.-
224B Fourteenth st. r. .- - . .-,
H £ YF i?' 1 ! 43 ' nr -" Masonic ave. and Park Pan-
handle— Sunny upper flat," 4 room*,: bath; $«.':
SPIRITUALIS3r.
MMeT'caRLA HANSON, .from Chicago, won-
derful clairvoyant and car.-i reader:- advice
given on all affairs of life for short time only:
no Bien; hours 0 to 5. COS Ellis; residence
. 215 Gough: Sunday evenings by appointment.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.: HOc. 3CS4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. S2. Hfi4 O'Farrell st. : Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. -Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin 3701 — Seances Sun.,
' Tues., Thurfi., .8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings. 10 ; o.
A — PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st.; readings 50c and
$1: circle every night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE .12S Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night : 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 50c and $1.' 1533 Market, near Twelfth.
CARD reading; ladies. 10c; gentlemen 25s;
hours, 1 to 8. C25 Minna St.. near beventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KNOW THY FUTURE
And prospects for 1002 by consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice en business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels,, re-
! unites the separated, tells whom you will
; marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
pecret how to control or Influence any one you
love or meet; no charge unless you find him su-
perior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10
to 5 Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13, 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
¦ Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~~
• THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or ¦ business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
. ket Et., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp fol" pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
•secret; shows picture future, husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215^4 6th.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT^
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when all others fail: permanently
focated at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
1 - to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer- reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay: 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st.
I MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, srreat card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c 051 Mission, nr. Gth; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 25c; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future. L 25c: G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 Oth: German spoken :tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
50c and $1— PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MRS. B Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407.0'Farrell.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant. 349%
Minna St.. near Fifth.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: naTDpa given: 2Bc uo. B Fourth st.
~ COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
C?)L^JM^tL\N^E!«w~alid~Collectlon"Agfency, 6th
floor. 916 Market St.: advice free. Tel. Bush
104; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless pucces«ful. Room 310. Market st.
COTTAGE-— SUBURBAN— TO LET.
ROSS Valley; large 5- room hilltop sunny cot-
tage: furnished: piano, etc. 514 Pine; 10-12.
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 027 Market st.', Emma
¦ Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set nf teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
; ___
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
' experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty: go!d
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; filling.*'; 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lirt-class prices;- lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING.M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st.*: painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set or teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
SOc. N." Y. Dentists. 960 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 5T gT
YOUNG, 1841 Po'.k fit.
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR; H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST. *
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY. canine specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
90<( Jones st. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office
hours 10 to 3;_ telephone Kate 20S5.
• _ D0G HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
rates; patterns : cut. 1019 Market^'st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. Wm!
PILGER. -121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
. EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND .term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts.; 15- week courses, beginning January (J;
bookkeeping course *5,- electrical .course $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in algebra, . Anslo- American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, clvl! service,
commercial eeosraphy, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
• ing, - geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social eetfnomics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewr.'tlngr. Ap-
ply at office for hours atfa tuition prices. A.
. A. MACURDA, Educational Director; H. J.
McCOY. General Secretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory demonstration, construc-
tion, • laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. - 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalc^Be free. .
AYREHrLeadin-; Business College, 723 Market
• — $8 per month; §50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
• colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST. ST.,
. S. F. — Thorough course*; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining- ' to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, -. typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; ' individual instruction ; ; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18(54. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
. modern methods: positions for all graduates.
'. new (iO-pace catalogue Iree. 5 305 Larkln St.- f
A FULLcourse of .'EIll-i bookkeeping and' the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San ¦ Fran-
ciscj Business College, ¦ 1236 Market st.
MA CHIMB AVOItKS.
ENSION Machine Works. 415 V, Sacramenta st..
builds models and experimental machin-ry:
mine hoists 4. S. 13 H. P. g-y»Haltv: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL-,
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles gend 10<- for list. Mrs. H>r». .0*. t^t^
MATTRESSES 'AXD PIlAOWa.';.-
TO order also cleaned and setriliZ<iU. upnol-
«tery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powe.l
f-t. : tel. Bush 421.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL*3.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap — Several good cooking stoves
6. 7 8 and No. 10; 1 steel range, with hign
shelf; 1 S-ft. brick range; 1 B-ft. brick range.
At WM. LOANE'S. 439 Fifth st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gaar. machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
et; WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SEALSKIN, bust 30, finest quality, same as
new; cost owner $200: will sell for $100
cash; see It. Box 2973 Call.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cbeap: also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. lU
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st.
GENTS black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st.. upstairs.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE stilts. $10; dresa pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery fct.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. llO-Montg'y.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post «t.
FOR sale — 1% -horsepower gas engine In good
order. WM. LOANE. 439 Fifth at.
PRINTING plant: good as new; cost $4000 to
$5000; price $2000; low rent. 814 Pine; 10-12.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1315. worth $250. onlr
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton et. . .
WALLPAPER. 3c a "roll: paper hanging, etc
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. . "
SAFES— New and second-hand. THS HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. - 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and &izes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand mcving plc-
tures. & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS TVAXTS.
WANTED — Potatoes and dried fruit In ur
quantity. Particulars C. Bennett. 423 Davla.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom:tel.Folsomll31.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dresa & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 2-~> Stockton.
MONEY TO LOAX.
i^R^LVN^MU^piirT^BoT^xa^n^rnSandlns*
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
.....Undivided Interests in rekl estate .....
. .Life Insurance policies, estatls In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If. You Need Money
. SEE HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$3OO,0GO at 5*« & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5C2t MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In. probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my. terms before doing business elsewhere
R McCOLG AN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies. undivide<i
Interests, securities, manufacturing* and mer-
cantile interests.- corporation loans. Ucom IS,
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1303;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Lean
Office, 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5171.
MUNICIPAL Lean Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rate* Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market St.; tel."Maln 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out ir.dorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rate3 on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur*
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room 61.1.
ON furniture, planes; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68-
$10 uo on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
.party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each,
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1.00. Room SI, 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls.: confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser: other proposi-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorsed Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bM*.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $1000; no agents; interest 10 per
cent: suburban security. Box 2233. dall.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS7^
THE month of January is a "special , sale"
' month for all who buy pianos from us, a*
we take our annual invoice February 1 and
want to turn out as much stock as possible.
Improve this opportunity to get one of the
best pianos made for a price not much more
than a oheap>-gTade Instrument is often sold
for. All our pianos are fully warranted.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st.
AGAIN we remind yon that our piano stock,
bath new and second-hand. Is the largest west
¦ cf Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $ft per month: some gon<]
pianos for $3, $4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stemway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. 6an Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
CF.CILIAN PIANO PLAY"CR.
PIPE ORCANS.
BYRON MACZT; 3<W-310-312 Poat »t."
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— ~~~
Second-hand upright pianos from $33 op.
Second-hand equare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CORTAZ A
BON. 16 to 20 O'FarreH. Chlckertng. Mason
A Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased -
installments $3 up: bis: allowance for old
pianos; bargains $25 up in Stein ways, Heine
Chlckertng. etc. Agents wanted' for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO
217 Geary st.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $83; six-octavo
Mason & Hamlin orfean, $33; Stetnway
jquare. $100: elegant burl wainut Cameron
upright, wscd only few months. $273: Bech-
ttein baby crand. almost n»»w. ¦ BOWERS A
SON. 23 Fifth Bt.: IVEP.9 Jk POND. Agent»!
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t'm»
within 2 , years and full purchase prlc» al-
lowed on & new peerless Knabe. at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from vs. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Fam'l
¦>t.: establlt-hed issa 9
OUR piano*, the leading makers; price 9100
upward: values best In th« city. PUCRCE'S
I 'PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th ft CUorcS.
BUSINESS CHAXCES Contlnned.
$2750. .""ISrob .......... T. . .$2760
Large livery and boarding stable.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete.
Over 50 steady boarders.
Finest location In city.
Parts* retiring from .he business. Full par-
ticulars by STENBERG CO.. 759 Market.
FIRST-CLASS boarding and rooming house:
elegantly furnished; full of boarders and
- roomere- must be a responsible party; a bar-
gain for the risht party: rent $200 per month.
McBRIDE & CO., 705 Market St.. rooms 1-2.
2 RESTAURANTS for sale at sacrifice: $225 to
$300. Investigate at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765
Market ft. ' - :
15 CIGAR stands, Sl.V) to $2625.
15 restaurants. $75 to $3C0'J.
12 saloons, $400 to S28O0.
3 groceries and bar, ?750 to $3500.
25 candy, delicatessen, etc.
RYAN & FIELD. 033 Market st., opposite
Mason, room 3. Telephone Folsom 3022.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy sit., rooms IS, and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
$350— PARTNER: $200 cash. bal. out of busl-
ness; no experience. Decker. 921 Market, r. 5.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 021 Market st.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 4C2 Parrott bldg.
SAMPLE room downtown: no night or Sun-
day work: must be sold on account of 111
health in family. ¦ Call at 550 Clay st.
CORNER grocery and bar; good trade; fine'lo-
catlon; security taken. 240*4 Taylor st.
IF you have $1500 casn to invest I can make
you secretary of a corporation to be organ-
lied that will be certain to make you $2000
in twelve months; would be pleased to, ex-
plain thoroughly and would prefer party who
can operate Smith typewriter and Is a stenog-
rapher. Call at room 406, 4th floor. Annex to
Call bldg., S. F.. Monday or Tuesday.
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good
location, for eale cheap account sickness;
steady income more than expenses; chance to
double business. J. R. WEBB, Nevada block.
r. 36.
WANTED — A few men to put In $300 each and
develop a gold mine of merit; come and ex-
amine for yourself and I will explain thor-
oughly. Room 406, 4th floor. Annex to Call
building, San Francisco. -^ '
$1200 FOR a business paying $250 to $300 per
month; fullest Investigation allowed and will
make easy terms; must be sold at once; no
agents. Box 2203, Call.
ROADHOUSE for sale; price $2500; good loca-
tion: 20 rooms; long lease; present owner 10
years; to sell on account of sickness. Box
2201. Call.
IF you have $1000 to invest In the organizing
of a corporation that is certain of success
call at room 406, 4th floor, Annex to Call
building. v.
WANTED — An intelligent business woman to
train and continue a remunerative business;
small amount money needed. Box 2608. Call.
A WELL-PAYING semi-advertising medical
business, $1500; low rent; good proposition
for business man or doctor. Box 7963, Call.
ROUTE for eale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St., Santa
Cruz, Cal.
$300 — REAL estate office; Market at.: full in-
vestigation; party retiring. Box 2246, Call.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor store; near Mar-
ket. See BEN J. GOLDMAN CO., 119 Bush.
I WANT to buy a saloon or grocery and bar
either side of Market. Box 2941. Call office.
COR. procery and bar; good trade: fine location;
security taken. Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
FOR sale — Laundry' route, horse and- wagon;
$200. 3372 Mission st.
CITY front saloon . and lunch house for sale.
Apply 623 Davis st.
CANDY and notion store; a bargain; no rea-
sonable offer refused. 2239 Mission, 2 p. m.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale; good loca-
tion; $850. Box 2254, Call office.
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 523 Pacific
6t. ; prop, has two places; wants to sell ine. i
$400— DELICATESSEN; good trade; rent $20.
Call 317% Third st.
ESTABLISHED fruit and vegetable stand for
eale: 2 living rooms; cheap. 130 Eighth st
LODGJIXG-KOUSES FOR SALE. ~
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
i : Money to loan on lodg-
! ing-houses or on real es-
I estate. Big free 1'st of lodging-bouses at my
I office. All for**sale on easy terms. Please call.
i IS r.; new building; rent $60; bargain.. $1000
i 10 •*r; 5 blocks N of Mkt.: 2 floors ;' heavy
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.; nice, clean
hou&e $325
" 12 r.; rent $55; must sell; a snap. ...:. .$400
14 r. : rent $45; clears $54; clean; transient
and permanent ' $600
13 r.; on Geary St.; 5 blocks of Market; highly
. respectable; good neighborhood: present owner
been there 5 years; good furniture and good \
carpets; no other agent has it for sale; will
take a small house, in part pay $1100
7 r. ; rent $16; owner going East; nice... $300
40 r. ; one of the best houses In S. F. ; ele-
gantly furnished; fine location; clears $175
month % $4000
2S r. ; permanent, tran.: clears $120 mo. $1400
55 r. ; central; Income $375 above rent. $5000
50 r. : rent $140; Income $350 per mo .. $4000
100 r. ; fine corner; elevator; office; cleats
$100 r $7000
I can show you a bona-fide proposition with
income of $7C8 per month above rent: the
very best Investment In this city... .. .$SOUO
36-ROOM hotel and bar $1700
14 rooms; on Mission st 500
54 rooms: fine corner; clears $300 4000
10-rocm flat on Post st : „ 1000
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 1900
14 rooms; worth $S0O. . .". 500
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms: near Powell and Geary 1850
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms: transient: clears $150 1250
23 rooms: clears $100. .i: «50
100 rooms; clears $400 5500
10 rooms: on Eddy st 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
...: FRENCH SPOKEN
,_H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A — FINE FLAT FOR SALE.
10 rooms and bath; downtown, near^Post and
Powell: clears $75 month; payments to suit.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
AA ATTENTION. BUYERS AA
.You may buy any roaming-house in the
city and pay for it *
In monthly payments
From the profits of the house.
We furnish vacant houses
And loan money at lowest rates.
:,' - v DONALD INVESTMENT. COMPANY,
«O Market st. . Tel. Davis 231.
50 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent: a great bargain: easy terms: call and
see It. DONALD INVESTMENT CO. 850
Market st.
WANTED— A lady manager with small capital
to take charge • of profitable rooming and
boardinsr house. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO., 850 Market St. •
CALL ON RETSLOFI>C HE CAN SUIT TOU.
8 rooms; owner sick: must sell $200
12 rocms: corner; clears $45... 625
100 rooms; grand cor.: clears $500; pymts 5500
21 rooms: Al location; payments.... ~:. 1000
R rooms : Just listed -. prood . ; 300
15 rooms; well furnished; bargain....: 1250
.35 rooms: clears $2O0: exclusive sale... 3000
JO rooms: best in city: payments.; 600
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF,
• (Tel. John 531.) POC Market Et., cor. Ellis.
36 ROOMS: corner: Just lifted; income $250.
Particulars see RETSLOFF.
IS ROOMS: well furnished: a bargain: clears
$S5; price S1250; payments to suit. RetslofT.
A— WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market; photo-
graph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211.
,Invite you to call upon them if you desire to
buy a lodging-house, and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. Specials:
30 rooms; rent $75 $1400
4ft rooms; rent ?1CO.. 32."io
45 rooms; rent $125 4. 2»00
16 rooms; rent $67. 675
14 rooms; rent $W) ' ifjoo
18 rooms; rent $37 50 ,. 1050
BUYERS. If you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAT. or If you want to borrow
MONET at 1*4 per cent, call . on SI. E.
RIVES. 910 Mafoet Bt.. rm. C9; tel. Main 128.
McBRIDE & CO.'. 7G5 Market et.. rooms 1 and
.2 — Bargains In lodging-houses: a. big list*
. nice, choice. Please call and Investigate.
A ~ NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all i
elze« and prices. In a!I parts of the city; get '¦
¦ our list nret. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
THREE hundred houses from $250 to $ioT66b*
RYAN & FIELD, telephone Folsom 3022.
935 Market, rocm 3, opposite Mason. -
J.H.STANTON. real -state and business broker:
removed -from .14 Kearny to 777% Market-
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
A— ELEGANT new northwest corner. 45 rooms,
4 baths. SPECK & 1 CO.. fi67 Market.
CARPETfTnEATIXG AXD CLEANING, i
WHEN you become disgusted with poor - work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama 6t. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating- Works— Cleaning,
• 3c renovated. ¦ relald.' 104 14th 6t^;tel.Capp23 42.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt.- '
tel Main 3»4.. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating. works; priceo
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 213.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning. Works;
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.,
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleanlng^n,! R en o-
vatln«r Co.. 240 14th. st.; tel. Mission 74- . .-"
SAX KltAXCISCO CALL.
PCflXKSS OFFICE of The San Francisco
full, oornrr of Market and Third streets: open
' ritll 12 o'clock every nlcht in the year.
HRANTH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
cr^rr Clay; open until »:30 p. m. •
JWO IIay«! Ftreet: oj>en until 9:30 p. m.
*^» McAJlirter Ftreet: open-untll 8:30 p. m.
• 7 '*i larkin «tr*et: open until 0:30 p. m.
"••II Minion rtreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
—fil Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
f-fll *» P. m.
106 FW-enth Ftrvet: open until 9 p. m. -»
. lOfic Valencia rtreett open until » p. m.
North wert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
<«<¦*<¦<• Ftroets: eppn until fl p. m.
2?Q0 Fill-no-* Ftr<-Pf t-rt'Ti until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. '0
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16. K. T.. C25 Sutter st. — Special TaBf"
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock, ttjj
Order of Temple. All fraters are cour-
teously Invited. S
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
_ THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FrXnCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ¦
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- 4*\-
ING. M. M. decree. . j£j\
H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /^T
STARR KING Lodjre, U. D.. F. and A. • I
M.. Mowry's Hall— Will m«»et THIS
• MONDAY) EVENING at 7:.1tj o'clock. 1CV
First degree. By order of the W. M. '"'
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M. — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _JV»
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order Ji3f
of the W. M. /^r >
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. a
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-^JV
HAT), January 13, 1902. at 7:30 V>T
o'clock p. m. Second degree. By or- r^r •
der of the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec. „
KING SOLOMON'S Lodtre No. 260. F. m -
and A. M.. 1S38 Fillmore et. First _J\_
fipjrreo THIS EVENING at 7 :30 T? V
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Sec » t %r*
FIDELITY Lodire No. 222. I. O. oStfiSK^
O. K.— Installation of officers iSySsSS":
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
All members are requested to be 'ivjlw^
present. Visiting brothers welcome.
C. F. PHILLIPS. Nol*e Grand.
J. J. PHILLIPS. Rec. Sec.
YOUNG Ladies' Institute. — A solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated at S a. m..
TUESDAY. Jan. 14. in St. Mary's Church.
Stockton, for the deceased members of the
Younc Ladles' Institute. All members and
friends of the order are Invited to be pres-
ANNIE M. POTTHOFF. Grand President.
JOSEPHINE I. MOLLOY. Grand Sec
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
327 Market i?t.. San Francisco, Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market st.. in the city and county
cf San Francisco. State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 16th day of January.
1A02. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to cerve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose «f amendlne article III of the by-
!«*! of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of etockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 4. at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the Ktock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take notice that the annual meeting
of the etockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
1 rotation, will be held at the principal office
rf the company, in the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market Bt.. between Fourth and
Fifth, In the city and county of San Fran-
<lsco. State of California, on THURSDAY.
•!:«? lfth day of January. 19C2. at 2 o'clock
p. ta.. for the purpose of electing directors '
and for the transaction of such other busl-
r.»ss as may properly come before the meet-
•n|-. By order of the board of- directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902. ?•¦>; ;
ANNUAL MEETING — OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the Etockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, in the City and
Ccunty of San Francisco, State of California.
.:n TUESDAY, the 21st day of January. 1302.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
fcr the er.r uir.c year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will dose on
Friday, January 10, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The . regular annual
meeting of thl stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company WW
be held at the office of the company, 227
Market Et.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 20th day of January. 1902. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the cn-
Fiilrig year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 17, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas a.nd Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Ran Francesco Gas and Electric Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
nany. 415 Poet ct.. In the city and county of
Pan Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 2Ju 1902 The transfer books
of the company will be closed from January
10. 19C2. to and Including January 21. 1902.
{Sinned) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated Ran Francisco January u. 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the coci-
runy. 222 Market St., San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1902. at 11 o'clock
¦ a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of euch other business as
. may come before the meeting.
. X O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market Bt., San Francisco, Cal.
January 9. 1902.
THE aruual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
<~a!.. win be held st Its banking-house. 301
Jlort?otn»ry Et.. Kan Francisco. Cal., on
TVF.EDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:13 o'clock
|>. m.. for the election of directors to serve
:rr the ensuing year and the transaction of
furh other buflneM as may rotne before the
n'wtini. GEORGE GRAVT. "wretary.
•Pan FrarMycn. r>wwli>- 1**. 1901.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
C1TV ASPHALTUM OO.. «32 Market"st^ -Rooft.
tliip-ralk*. floor*: rh»a-f rafs. Tel. Rfd 2'"32.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick. quiet;
no charge without success: established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJchn31Sl.
Q. W. HOWE. S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy ; collection!;
attachments; mortgages: bills of sale; partner-
ships: deeds: wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
MM»ftll; open eve's. J.M.Thur»ton.8I» Market.
AJDVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket *t.: consultctlon free: no f»*s In advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN, agent for Columbia and all good blcy-
cles; 6econc'-hand wheels reduced. 301 Lurkln.
BOARDITVG FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN la<5y would board couple of chil-
dren; room for parent. 439 Minna st.
BOOKS — JfEW~AND OJUD.
FOR estrolcjrical. occult, metaphysical bocki
rn to M2» Market rt.. S. F. ¦'.}
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A — $700; RESTAURANT and chop hous«T kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
$500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
pood paying: business: low rent; location can't
be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $1000: CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.: rent $25: place established many years
and doing a pood business: value In sight.
, Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain: call
goon. R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A — $800; COFFEE saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. Call R
G. WILKE, 26-4 Kearny st.
A— PARTY wanted with $3000 to $5000 to
buy Interest In one of the oldest established
ireneral commission houses of this city ho-i- '
«>st and active man wanted; references' to be
exchanged; books open for Inspection. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $650; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia, ets- rent $30: good paying business;
full value In eight. Call R. G. WILKE 2GV*
Kearny Bt. . - . - _.;
A— $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth et.; rent $20; living rocms; fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. G
WILKE. 2C-£ Kearny st. '
A— $1000: BOARDING-HOUSE «nd saloon,
with 1G furnished rooms: rent $45; 3 years'
lease: established years;, located- on Mont-
pom try et.; good business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2(1"4 Kearny et. , _ ¦ . .
$500 — PARTNER wanted in profitable light
I manufacturing business; duties light; easily
acquired: no night work. DONNELLY CO..
CS2 Market et
HELP "WANTED— 3IALE— Con.
WANTED^ionesTTnan'wlth $250: tend cash
In restaurant: no experience ;¦ $50 month and
' board; big snap. BROWN, , 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable' young man with $150
cash; no experience necessary: $15 week:
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market
St.. upstairs. ' «
BARBERS — All members of Local 14S. J. B. X.
U. of A are hereby officially "notified that
they must pay their December dues by Jan-
uary 15, 1902, or be suspended without fur-
•> ther notice. • By order of executive board.
JOS. BLEILY, Sec.
WANTED — Second baker for country. Call at
561 Mission st. from 10 to 11:30 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced milk wagon driver.
1408*4 Devisadero wt. '
EXPERIENCED apprentice for men's flrst-
class tailoring. 105 Ellis St.. rooms 22-23.
BARBERS— $25 buys possession of 3-chair
shop, including 3 weeks' rent. 1547 Mission.
BOOTBLACK. $10 per week, at Russ House
barber shop, 217 Montgomery st. -
DISHWASHER- winted . at 567 Sixth St.; call
early. s '
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD barber wanted; wages $15. Address
box 2906. Call office.
BOY wanted to help a plumber. 1017 Folsom
street, jj ¦ -
STRONG boy for candy factory and store work.
Call at O'BRIEN'S. 22 Sixth st. : i- /.
WAITER wanted7~$« a week and found. 1234
Point Lobos ave. ; Geary-st. cars.
WANTED— Steady barber. 30% Turk st.
3-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand for sale;
sacrifice If sold at once. 511 Castro st.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; good loeatien;
account departure. Box 2926. Call.
WANTED — A young man from 18 to 18 years
of age to run elevator. Apply Monday. 7:30
a. m., 8.N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED— Recruit* for the marina corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able, to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — A ¦ competent, qualified shoe trav-
"eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
¦ Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
"that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. '
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS mechanical engineer and sales-
man for large machinery house; state where
employed, age and salary. Box 2228, Call.
PAINTER and whltener can have part rent
free, cottage or flat, for services. Box 2924.
Call office.
WANTED — A good cake and, bread baker;
must he steady. Box 2383, Call, Oakland.
WANTED — Brickmasons at once. Apply at
room 228, Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED clgar.salesman for city: must
have trade. Address box 2225, Call office.
WANTED — Good solicitor for dyeing and clean-
lng works on commission. Box 2250. Call.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for Bale;
good business. Apply at Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Experienced dyer and cleaner; ref-
erences requ^-ed. 583 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED starch Ironer; also mangle
girl. Russ House Laundry.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 patss second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoeZ
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr.5th.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3, 40. Phelan
¦ big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
; the world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
'A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, S27 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CARLOAD heavy wagon horses; also 10 head
good livery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co.,
721 Howard' st.
FINE carriage and road team for ?ale cheap.
025 Sutter st.
BIG mare. $20; horse, $25: horse, $40; coal
wagon ,$40; buggy. $25. 70 City Hall ave.
FOR sale — 3-can milk wagon: "rood condition:
alEO good horse: bargain. 141S Alabama st.
SMALL hay or coal wagon, horse and harness
sale cheap. 3130 Sacramento st.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sanscme at.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for gale. ch«-ap. fi32 Mission.
HOUSES TO LETT
A— PRINTED list houses to UtPsend^for~clr^
culaj-. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 10r?0, near Laguna — Eleht rooms,
bath; fine marine view; rent $42 50;
HOUSES FOR SALET~
NEW, modern house, fucine west; sun all day-
large basement and yard. Waller and Por-
tola. bet. Pierce and Steiner: easy payment*.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 39. 1S9 Post st.
LOST AND FOUND. ~~~
ON Saturday night, locket with blue lodge
Masonic emb!em. Return to 403 Clayton st.
and receive reward.
LOST or strayed from 134S Page stTI full
blooded Maltese cat. 2 nicks In ear; answers
narr.e John; last seen In Park Panhandle;
reward of $25 paid for return to J. H. MIL-
LER. 101 Sansome st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of . HILDA ANDERSON: No. 213-S11.
The finder will please return to bank.-.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KATE PHILLIPS;- No. 174-S2O.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and • Loan Society of San Francisco, in th-»
name of ANNIE LYCETT or BERNARD
JOHN LYCETT, No. 232-387. The finder will
please return to bank.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel. Return to 233
.¦-- Powell st.v and receive reward.
IT will. pay to "Remember** that the Califor-
nia Waioh Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
rold and silver to make new watnh cases.
' MEDICAL. ~
DK. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble ball and consult the^specialist. My
medicines nave been used tef many years by
thousands 1 the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
. been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a dslt-
cate nat-ire- ->U classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR 3
W. O-DONNELL, 1018 Market st," opp. Flfthl
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist-
80 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during, confinement*
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles' physician h^7
returned from the East and resumed business -
home In confinement. 210 Eddy st. near
Taylor, for-r oily of 1312 Golden Gate' ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN. . ladles' physician- -i
.. years' successful experience In S. F v».
ternlty Home. ' 806 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 1228 Market st.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other casei
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment: maternity home- home
¦In confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F. ' ¦ . <¦
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles"
.: 8peclall8t; ; a private home. before and daring
> confinement; best medical care ; low fees.
LADY, patrons— Dr. Rosen res. 1349 Alabama
• tt.; 3far. 26th: avoid delay; same ;iow fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton »t.. oppoalu
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
FLATS TO /LET — Contlnned.
NICELY furnished flat, 5 rooms; piano; rent
$37. . . 965 Oak st. ; phone 1109. .
TO let — Sunny flat, 8 rooms; $42 50. NE cor.'
Bush, and Stelner sts.
$8— SUNNY flat, 3 rooms. 1332 Jessie St., off
.'Hermann, nr. junction of -Valencia.
$16—5 SUNNY rooms; bay-window. 28% West
Mission st.. bet.- Twelfth and Brady.
- FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
$2H-^UPPEir r flat : T517~~GoldeiT Gate ave! : 4
rooms, bath gas range, etc. ; nice home; 1-4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 17
range.. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; will sell whole
or part. / 1912 Fillmore. near Bush; flat 3.
.FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON ; buva all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market St.; Jel. South *13.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 133 1.
GLOVES. '
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair.^ 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN'S:.. Phone Grant 185
...; HOTEL DEPARTMENT ... .
3 head waitresses ....: $30-5-10
6 waitresses, new hotel ........$25
2 waitresses, new hotel .$20
' Waitress, first -class hotel, short distance.$25
10 waitresses, city and country $20-$2S
/ 2 chambermaids to wait, hotels, short dis-
1 tance - • • • • • -$20
3 chambermaids, city : .$15-$20
4 chambermaids. Southern California, half-
fare paid .....'... .$20
4 scrubbers. Southern California, half-fare
paid $20
Mangier, Southern California, half-faro
paid $20
2 mangier s. city .............. .$15 and board
Fancy Ironer/^ Southern ¦ California, half-
fare paid ... $20
.".'...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
A European ' cook for 1 person.: $35
Good plain cook, Scandinavian or German. $30
Parlormaid and waitress $25
Infant's nurse $20
Housegirl in bakery, no cooking $20
Others too numerous to . advertise .... 1 .....
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
„. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress. $35; 9 .waitresses, city hotel,
$20; 6 waitresses, city hotels, $25 and $30,
room out; 8 waitresses, country. $20; 2 more
chambermaids, south, to go to-day, $20, half
fare; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20
.". .. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second, small family, $45, or two
sisters; cook, $35; German cook, $30; 12
housegirls $20 and $25; 4 second girls, $25;
nurseglrl, $20; many others. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
GIRL, about 15 years of age to answer tele-
phone and run errands; good opening fcr
bright girl. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.
HAIRDRESSING ¦* taught In 2 weeks; entire
trade; $5 course • Includes manicuring, mas-
sage, weaving, ventilating, switch and wig
making, etc.; human heads for practice; po-
sition secured each graduate; no fake prom-
ises ; call and get names of students In
stores, also in business for themselves; hair-
dressers with a run of private customers
earn from $75 to $125 per month; our school
Is the best, being the first, oldest and hav-
ing the most fashionable and experienced
' teachers; day and evening classes. S. F.
Hairdressing College, 233 Geary, rms, 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont St.; no experience
necessary: gooc pay. steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage; ac-
knowledged superior to all others; every
branch of the trade thoroughly and prac-
tically taught in 3 weeks; tuition $5; .our
pupils are our living advertisement. Call
Supreme Court bldg.. 305 Larkln st. ; take ele.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cooking; 4 In family; al«o second girl. Ad-
drcss box 2902, Call office.
SECOND girl; mending; $15. Call mornings
at 2725 Pacific ave. - -
WANTED — A girl for cooking and general
housework. 1819. Laguna st. ; ¦
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call morn-
. ing at 912 Fulton st. ' ¦ ¦. '
WANTED — A girl for plain housework and as-
sist with children; $12 a month. 2S0S 24th st.
WANTED— A young girl to do general house-
work. 435 Third st. .
GIRL general housework in flat; 3 In family;
$17 . 2527 Gough 6t., near Green^
WANTED — 2 concert hall waitresses. Apply
. 911 Kearny st. . .
GOOD buttonhole maker on custom coats;
steady work. 1170 Market St., room 101.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing: no washing. 249 Fourth St.. upstairs.
WANTED — Young girl to assist in light house-
work. 1503 Buchanan St., corner O'Farrell.
GIRL or woman; general housework; sleep
home. 131 A O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Girl 16 to 20 years; German pre-
ferred; fair cook; general housework; 2 nice
children; good home; wages ?18. Call Mon T
day only, between 10 and 3, at 1519 Grove st.
WANTED — Operators on negligee and golf
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH-
EL'S factory, 531 Mission st.; good pay;
steady work.
AN elderly German lady to take care of two
children; must have some experience as gov-
erness: state religion; salary, $30 and found.
Box 2994. Call office.
GIRL wanted to work in factory: one who has
worked in paper box factory preferred. Ap-
ply at trunk factory, 17th St., near .Folsom.
WANTED-^German or Swedish girl for light
: housework. 549 Fourth st. ¦ -_ - - ¦
EXPERIENCED business Woman at once; out
of city; excellent opportunity for right party-
Box 2214. Call.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housekeeping.
2S29 Bush st. '
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats. 410
Kearny St., room 33.
A NEAT colored woman for general housework;
family of two; references. Box 2219, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at' 1000
Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY— Phone Main 5848.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT' AND LABOR
AGENTS.
— ' ! OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.—
Two carpenters for a mine, 575: furnace man
for a mine, $65 and 1 house; milker and wife,
$50 and found, see boss hero; bolt maker and
run bolt making machine; two Italians for
vineyard work, ?1 50 day and house, see boss
here; marble cutter; 15 farmers -and plow
teamsters; 10 men to learn to make hewn and
split redwood ties, tools furnished. ¦ •
— — WOODCHOPPERS.
. 25 - woodctwppers . and tie makers, virgin
timber, $1 to $1 50 cord, 10c each for' ties. Re-
duced railroad rates en this job.
— — HOTEL DEPT. -* :
Butcher, country shop, $35 and found; shop
butcher for Oregon: barber to run shop, coun-
try hotel; baker, country shop, $40 and found:
boy for • , country store, $10 and found ; 6
cooks, city end country. $30 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-03(5 Clay at.
TWO • fruit farmers and wives, $40 and $45 ;
orchardlst. $30; farmer and. wife, $35 to $40;
, milker,' $35; errand boy, $3 week: carpenter
$3 60 day; \ carriage smith; horseshoer;
starcher and polisher for, country, $12 week;
fancy Ironer. $1 50 day; young man handy
with tools. $10 ¦ week; 3 men for Brnbblng,
$20 and found; slack work cooper, $30 to $35*
carriage setter ' for mill. $G0 to $75; wood-
' choppers, tlemakers, * cooks. . waiters vdlsh-
iwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT& CO.
•. 62S Sacramento st. ¦ / •'
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S... 610 Clay st.
) Driver for milk wagon. .......$40 and found
Cooper, slack work. .......... .$3." and found
Woodchopper, ¦ stovewood $2 50 a cord
German for saloon .,.."..."..... /. .$40
- Gardener, country ..........".....$25
Experienced . solicitor for wine house... .$75
Neat young man for creamery. .$20 and found
ALL • Boss Barbers of San ' Francisco are in-
vited to attend the .' first anniversary * of the
Master . Barbers' Association,- which * will be
"celebrated by -a public .: Installation and
'smoker -at 102 O'Farrell St., » TUESDAY
EVENING. January 14. at 9 o'clock. 'Enter-
. tainment' and refreshments free. - '¦
. : L. CONRAD. President. '
S. . HELLER. Secretary M. / B. A. of San
¦ Francisco..; * . _, . .
YOUNG man of neat appearance and good ad-
ly dress ~ can , secure profitable ¦ employment I aa
soliciting: agent .- for a large ' fraternal or-
ganization; .salary,* or commission will be
paid to the right man ; ' California , references
"required. Address box 2909,' Call office.'- ¦*.-.¦
WANTED — Young.- butcher; 'references rp-
- quired. ' People's - Market, .'2509 Market St.,
:.• corner Sixteenth and Noe. .' .-
WANTED-^A first-class .horseshoer. '-City
Street ¦, Improvement Company, Seventeenth
,- and Harrison, sts.', >
WANTED— Good pressman at RAPHAEL'S,
- ; Incorporated-^ <;.-•¦Temperature at 7 a. m ; . 43.
Local Forecast - Official.
The pressure has risen over the northern'por
tion of , the Pacific Slope and fallen over the
southern. The changes in pressure have been
slight in all districts; Light rain has fallen
along the Washington Coast from the mouth
of the Columbia River northward.
Cloudy weather prevails over- Central Cali
fornia and Oregon and Washington; elsewhere
clear weather prevails. . , . .'}- •
The temperature has j remained about : sta
tionary In all districts. ' :
Forecast made for San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 13. 1902:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Mon
day; continued cool; light northerly wind.'
.Southern California— Fair - Monday; light
westerly wind. ' . ' ) . . ¦ • . ¦
Nevada— Fair Monday; light northerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
Monday; light northerly wind 1 . -.-¦•
G. H. WILLSON.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
' - (120th-. .Meridian— Pacific Time.)
. . SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 12— a pi m.
.The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
"^ '.. " Last This , Last
Stations — f 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .:... 28.97
Red Bluff... 0.00. 10. 30 13.68
Sacramento ...... 0.00 -«.33 10.28
San Francisco .. 0:00 5.04^ . 11.60
Fresno..... 0.C0 ..: 3.25 7.02
Independence 0.00 ": 1.3S . 8.OO
San Luis Obispo.. O.OO - 4.5U 20.54
•Los Angeles ;... 0.00- 2.48-- 7,86
San Diego ......0.00 0.77 "2.45
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
47; minimum, 3S; mean, 42.
Weather. Report.
J215. *
Same to Minnie Degen, lot In said ceme-
C jVhn A Russell to ' Mary -E. Russell (wlfi>).
lot on N line bf McAllister street, 57:6 E of
Goueh E 25 by N 100; also lot .on E line, of
Gough' street, 100 N of McAllister, N 20 by E
82'6' gift '
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Hayes
and Scott streets. W 75 by S 100; gift.
Sarah Jane Crane (wife of L. P.) to Edward
E. M. Hibbert. lot on N line of Page street.
1M0 E of Central avenue (Lott), E 25, N 113:11,
NW 10:3, SW to point. S 114:2; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
beth Rick (widow), lot on NW corner of Lyon
street and Golden Gate, avenue, W 32:6 by N
1 Mrs Maggie Cook (wife' of A. S.) to Alex
ander L.. Joseph, Marguerite and Walter Cook,
lot on SE corner or Twentieth street . and Lex
ington avenue, E 24:6 by 3 85; gift. .
Ida M Krusl to Lena McMullen, lot on E line
of Guerrero street, 27:0 N of Liberty, . N . 25
by E 100; $2200. ! ,
i Anglo-Callfornian-Bank, Ltd.; to same^ lot
on E line of Guerrero street. 52:6 N of Liberty,
N Emma J. Lowell (by T. N." Belgrano and
Samuel B. Fugazl. trustees) to P. H. Zoppet
tinl 190S D. 455, lot on SE corner of Twenty
first and Sanchez streets. E 101:10 by Sill;
also lot on N line of Hill street, 50:11 E of
Sanchez, E 101:10 by N 114, trustees' deed;
$(J°3 ' ' ¦ ' -
Carl E and Helene Olsen to Major Conway,
lot on E line 6f Douglass street, 126 S of Twen-
on
S line of Broadway. 56:2y; W of Kearny street,
W 51:8% by S 77. quitclaim deed; $1. .
Julie von Frankenberg to Cornelius Muller,
lot on N line of Union Square avenue (Morton),
252:1 E of Stockton street. E 22:11 by N 60;
?8 John A. Russell to Mary-'E." Russell
(wife) lot on W line of Mason street. 01 N of
aay N 61 by w 80; also undU-ided 3-28 of
lots 1 to 14 block 10, Flint Tract; gift.
Catherine Denike to Elizabeth Fox
/ W l f . O ( Joseph) lot on N line of Broadway,
COW of Leavlnworth street. W 37:6 by N 120;
gi Ellzabeth Richardson (widow) to John Meier
dlerks lot on S corner of Seventh and Natoma
streets SE 25 by SW 75: $10. .. .; •
Leopoldlne and Frederick C. Maurer to E. L
Hueter lot on S line of Humboldt street, <5
E of Vermont, E 25 by S 100; also lot on NE
corner of Tolo and Kansas streets, E 1C0 by N
22 Willla'm and Catherine O'Leary to Hans
Wulff lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 250 S
of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10. ' _
Frank W and Emma V. Fuller to Annie B.
Greene (wife -of Charles), lot on W. line, of
Twentv-slxth avenue, 250 N of • California
street N- 25 by W 120; $10. •
John A. Russell to Mary E. Russell (wife),
lot on SE "corner of Thirty-second avenue and
J street, E 57:6 by S 100: gift.
• Same to same, lot on W line of Ninth ave
nue 150 N of L street, N 75 by W 120; gift.
Same to same; lot on E'line of Thirty-ninth
avenue, 50 S of M street, S 50 by E 12.0: gift.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of O street
and Fortieth avenue,' W- 120 by S 100; also lot
on SW corner of M street "and -Thirty-eighth
avenue, W 120 by S 100; also lot 863, Gift Map
3; Bift. '¦-:¦,,-¦-¦' '. \ • ¦ .¦ , •' - ¦ ¦ :
William J. Crangle to Mary Sears, lot,- on
E line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 375 N pt V street,
N 25 by E-120: ialsolot on E, line of Thirty
fifth avenue, 400 N of V street, N 25 by E 120,
warranty deed: $10. ¦ • .
Minnie -E. and 1 Charles B. ' Holbrook to Jo
hannade Budge (wife; of William), lots 4Sto
50, block 5, Holly Park; $10. . . ;
Olive Verkouteren to , William H. aad Alma
Cole, lot on SW corner of Sllllman and San
Bruno streets, ; S 25 by W 100, lot 1, block 2,
University Mound; $10. •.
Oscar Heyman to Louis Estacaille, lots 6 and
7, , block 11, ¦ Syndicates First Addition to San
Francisco; $10. . *• . .•- -- ..- •.¦•,»-
John H. and Charlotte B. Spring : to Olive
Verkouteren, lot'on-E line of Girard street, 100
N of Felton, N 50 by E 120, block 2, Univer
sity Mound; $10. •-. - ' - •¦
¦ Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Bertha
•Finek, lot in Odd Fellows' ;Cemetery: S110.
¦'Same to Catherine Tate, same; $225. '
A. P. Hotallng & Co. (a corporation) ta Wil
liam Oisen, >: lot on E line of . Fillmore street,
70 S of -Hayc*,"S 40:2 by.E 00; $10: A
• Anna and " Michael J. Kelly \ to • Meyer and
Llllle E. Abrahams, lot . on ¦ E " line - of Scott
street, 112:6 N of Ellis," N: 25 by E 03; $10.
:•: Gertrude V Rayfleld^ (widow) ' to • Marcus L.
Gerstle, lot on N line of California street 200
E of Gough. W 25 by.N 127:8%; $10. ' ¦
Blanche D. and Lewis R. Mead to same lot
on N. line. of Calif ornla" street," 152:6 E of Oc
tavla.'E 35 by N 127:8%: $10. .. / :
1 .'James W.'- Melrose to Mary C. and James R.
; Melrose. -lot on E line of Broderiek street. 115
i N of O'Farrell. N 23:6 by E 92:6; gift.
., Catherine 'Oliver i to Jennie M. Wright (wife
of H. B.), lot on'N ; line of -Pine street 137:6
E of Baker. E 25 by N 137:0; $10.'
; • •- ,\V. : G. and • Elizabeth ' M.- Saiter to • Sophia
Casey, lot on-S line of , Twentieth street, 255 W
of Church. .W 25 by,S 114;. $ld. ;¦. . r
¦ Hlbernla Savings ; and -Loan Society to Amos
W. Benedict, lot on Sllne of Post street." 120
W.of Lyon. \V 23:6%, S 70:10%; SE 24:0M,-*N
75:7; $1200. , r •; • .r^-~
Daisy C.. Charles F.: Lewis H. and /Alice M. 1
Sarah J., George F. and Charles E. Pettinos
to Q. 6. Capurro, lots 2 and 15, block 26,
West End Map 1; $1300.
George and Albert Babb to W. F. Brock,
all property sold to Charles Babb for taxes and
assessments and 'all taxes and assessments.
sales and certificate of deeds thereof, -and de
scribed In^decree of distribution of estate of
Charles Bfebb, No. 6770 (see probate) $10.
W. F. and Mary E. Brock to G. L. Fitz,
same; ?2. - ' .
John R.' Spring to Olive Verkouteren, lot on
N line of Woolsey street, 81 W of Glrard, W
26 by N 100, lot 4, block 10. University, Mound
Homestead Association; srteo lot on W line of
Girard street. 100 N of AVooIsey, N 25 by W
120, lot 11; block 10, University. Mound: also
lot on E line of Berlin street, 150 N of Way
land, N 25 by W' 120, lot 14, block 11, same;
also lot on N line of Wayland street. 55 E
of Goettingen. E 52 by N 100. lots 0 and; 7,
block 20. same: $10. ; ;. . - '. ' * :
Olive Verkouteren to Henry Schwartlns, lot
on NE line., of Twenty-first avenue. 175 NW
of K street, NW 50 byTTE 160, . lot 14, block
403, South San Francisco Homestead and Eall
road Association; ?10. ' •. '
Same to Adolf Kautzky. lot on E line of
Twenty-first avenue, 150 NW of K street. NW
25 by NE 100, lot 14, block 403, same; $10.
Odd- Fellows' Cemetery Association to Eliza
beth and.Annio Mclntyre, lot In said cemetery;
Marcaret G. Brown (widow) to Oscar Hey
man, lots Kl, 55, 57, 59, 450 to 450, Gift Map
lj $10. .
Meta Illlng (wife of Fritz) to Luther M.
Shuck, lot on 8 line of L street, 32:6 E of
Eleventh avenue, E|37:6 by S 100; $10.
Antoinc and Gracie Borel to Edwin H. Snell,
lot pn IS line of Twelfth avenue, 225 S of Lake
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Sam« to Margaret Harklns, lot on W line of
Minnesota street, 250 N of Twenty-second, N
25 by W 100; jtFant.
Potrero Land Improvement Oomwany to
Charles Berber, lot on W line of Minnesota
street, 375 N of Twenty-second, N 25 by W
100; siant. • - - ... . '
Georse F. Lyon to Jennie Barton (wife of
James A.), lot on W line of Mississippi street,
150 N'of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by W 100; $10. -
James Allen, to Elizabeth Allen, lot on NE
line of Clinton street, 200 SE of Brannan, SE
25 by NE SO; $10.
Margaret C. and John Hill to J. F. D. Cur
tis (trustee Herbert F. Plxley and Vera W.
Pixley), lot on SW line of Seventh street, 25
SE of Natoma, SE 60, SW 125, NW 75, NE
50, SB 25, NE 75: $10. -¦
Estate of Henry F. or ' Frank Rledel (by
Walter Rledel,^ administrator) to Mrs.. B. M.
Owen, lot on SE line of Stevenson street, 255
NE of Fourth, NE 20 by SE 70; $0000.
James . and Elizabeth Allen to Mary J. T.
Peterson, lot on SE line of Harrison street,
275 NE of Fifth, NE 25 by SE 85; $10.
Josle Mahony to The M. B. Moraghan Oys
ter ComDany, lot on NW line of Brannan
street, 121 NE of : Third, NE 66 by NW 80;
*10. , ¦.-.-¦• ¦ •;' . ¦•.,' : •
• John Haley, to Thomas R. Hobson, lot on SW
line of Zoe streetr255 SE of Bryant, SE 20 by
SW 00; ?10. ¦:.... .-
Georee and Ella B. Dawson to Otto F. von
Rhein, lot on N line of Turk street, 137:6 E
of Jones, E 27:0 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles H. Fehnemann to L. and Maria
Ghielmettl, lot on E line of Larkin Btreet, 35
S of Green, S 34 by E 82:6; $2754.
Henry P. Bowie, Julia D. Baylard (wire of
E. D.). Agnes H. Hayne.(wife of Duncan) and
J. H. P. Howard to George H. Howard, un
divided one-eighth Interest In lot on SW corner
of Sacramento and "Webb streets, W 34 by S 75;
?10.-. . ..:¦-- - ¦ ,. .. . ¦ -¦,•.-
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
4 • G. ¦ Abraham (omnrt) . with Jon**, ¦ Peter
son ' & Rountree <oontractors). architect
Philipp Schwerdt — Foundation*, «cca.vayon.«
for trenches, carpenter, stotrt? and * marble
work glazing and tinning for a 3-story ftttic
and basement frame >:;il<5!ng (flat*) on >f 1tr»
of O'Farrell street, 2M W of OOQrn. fi V7:l
by N 120. Western A!Jitlon block 135: * 1 ..>¦¦"'
Same owner with G C.-Swc;*:/ (eon».-.-i ; ..
architect same — Plumllnir. »<w*r»ag, gasfli»_' ,r,
etc., for same on sam^; $!2iy.
George H. Luchsinter. lire. Annie 1 - ff 'im
merhays, Mrs. * Alvlna ' !«. QOOdSith and "bars.
Roso A. Buckingham (owner*) T.Sth Richard
Keating (contractor), architects F. « H. Meyer
and Smith O'Brien — Excavating, concrete foun
dations; • concrete walls, concrete sidewalks, and
concrete floors for a 5-story, brick 'hotel build
ing on S line of Eddy street,- 75 E of Mason,
E 62:0 by S 137:6; $6540. ; ' . '.,-.
Builders* Contracts.
Tract; $10. ' "" '\,
Shyer Seligroan to Isldor Schwartz, undi
vided one-half of following: Lot on N 1 ins Of
Green street. 177:6 E of -Dupont, N 64:6 by
E 20; also lot on NW line of Harrison street.
125 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by NW 75; also lota
67 and 68 Spring Valley Homestead Associa
tion; $10. . . • . • i
Charles E. and Mary E. Davis and James
R., Ellle John W., George. Harry and Kate
V. Kentzel to James W. Kentzel. lot on S line
of Broadway, 137:6 E of Larkln street,- 1? 29
by S 137:6 (quitclaim -deed) ; $10. •
Frank E. and Gertrude Peabody to Elizabeth
Dore, lot on NE line of Seventh street. 100 SE
of Brannan. SE 50 by NE 80; $10. '
Charles Ganzert to Winnie Ganzert (wife),
lot on SE corner of Twenty-second -and Point
Lobos avenues, E 26:6 by S 100; gift.
James -L. and Mary C. Barker to Solomon
Getz, lot on'W line of Seventh avenue, 275 N
of K street, N 25 by W 120;, $10. ¦ ;
Graham Sage to Albert J. Ralscli, lot on N
line of Filbert street 98:4 E of Baker, B 55:5,
NW 15:10. SW 50; $10. .•-..'•
- Eugene »W. and Timothy J. Harrington to
Elizabeth L.: Harrington, lot on SW line of Fif
teenth avenue, 225 SE of M street. SE 37:6 by
SW 100, block 308, South San Francisco Home
stead; s 1ft/ • •---¦ : >-s- •
Ruth G. Campbell (single) to Brlghtie R.
Low (wife of Joslah O.) lot on N line of Jack
son street, 00 Eof Cherry. E SO, N 118, W 31.
S 112; $10. . .'¦•..-... ' ' '¦
¦ Sophia Casey to W.G. Salter, lot on, 8 Hn6
of Twentieth street. 230 W of Church; W 25
by S 114; $10. .. - - „" „ , \
William J. Carlln , to Henry J. Carlln. lot
on W line of Douglass street. 218 N of Seven
teenth, N. 27 by W 136, quitclaim deed; $10. '
Henry J. Carlln to William J. Carlln, -lot
on W line of Douglass street, 245' N of Seven
teenth. N 27 by W 136, quitclaim deed; $10.
William M. and Helen H. Thornton to
George E. Ames,- lot on-N-Hne-«f California
street, 142:6 W of Jones, W 27:6 by.N 137:6;
$10. . ¦ - :
Charles Scblessinger to Barton S. ¦ Hays. , lot
on 6 line of Post street. 103:1% E of Hyde,
E 34:4% by S 137:6; $10. ' ' M
William Corbin to George and Anna Stbfan.
lot on NW line of Clary (or Clara) street. 225
SW of Ritch, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
i William Moroney to Mary E. Coghlln (Mor
oney) and John Moroney, lot on NW line, of
Freelon etreet, 200 NB of Fourth. NE 25 by
NW 80;. $10. . > •. - »¦:/-"" •¦••
Richard Cavanaugh to Mary E. Cavanauxh,
lot orf N line of Clary street. 183:4 E of Fifth.
E 22:11 by N 80; gift. • • • ¦
Albert H.Ehret- to Francois Encoyand. ; lot
on NW line of Folsom street. 803 NE of
Eighth, NE 28 byNW 100; $10. ::• ' •
: Mary E. Nelson : (widow) to Hermann Sctmtt,
lot on ¦ SE corner of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma)
street and San Bruno avenue (Nebraska). B
75 by S 100; $10. ™ - , \
W. S. and Edith Parks to Hans Wulff. lot on
E line of Fourth avenue, 125 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120; $10. ; I ¦ - ' " ¦ •_
E. B. and Emma C. : Hallett to Maud ¦O.-
Henry lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 100
S of H 'street. S 25 by W 120; $10. .
Letitia M. Ryland to Lexington Realty Com
pany (a corporation), lots 1 and 16. block 154.
South San Francisco Homestead < and Railroad
Association; $10. ¦¦•¦.. . . . . ,, • - ¦
James C. and Lizzie A. Turner to Benjamin
F. Edwards, lot on N line of California avenue.
50 W of York etreet. W 25- by N 100, 1oV14.
Ray and Plumbe's subdivision lots 228 to 231,
Preclta Valley lands; $1. " •
Daniel Buckley to Anna Kelly, lot on E line
of Scott street. 112:6 N of Ellis. N 25 by B
93; $10. ' '
George W. and Sophronia T. Hooper to W.
H. and Clara B. Hooper, lot on W line of Cen
tral avenue, 92:8% S of Jackson street, W ,120
by N 30; gift. ¦ . ¦ ¦ • _
Adolph Mantke to Annie Mantke, lot on B
line of Guerrero street. 76 S of Ridley. S 21.
E 90." N 17, W,4e. N 4, W 50; $500.
P. H. Zappettini to Theresa. M. Brooks, lot
on SE corner of Twenty-first and Sanche*
streets E 101:10 by 6 114; also lot on N line
of Hill street, 60:11 E of Sanchez, E 101:10 by
N 114; $10. - „
Home Fire- and Marine Insurance Company
of California (corporation) to Oliver E. and
Sadie L. Lenhart, lot on E line of Sanchez
street 57 N of Twenty-fifth, N 28:6 by E 100;
$950. ¦ • :
Jacob Heyman Company (corporation), to
John and Margaret Me Vicar, lot 64, Heyman
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1 3, 1902.
9
THE COAST RECORD.
a g g a 2.3
; .;. ¦ . .5-::sB-.«a '*?' J|&?|
STATIONS.- 3 :3s 3 3 oS » . p
2. . e ;.j r*o 5?» r»
Astoria 30.28 52 40 NE, Cloudy T.
Baker .....v.30.30 12 24 SW Clear .00
Carson S0.22 54 10 NW Clear .00
Eureka 44 ..:.-....> .00
Fresno ......30.20 4H SO NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. 0« 40 20 NE Cloudy .10
Pocatcllo. Ida..WJ}8- 42- 22 N\V Clear. .00
Independence .aoAO -B4 32 XV Clear ¦ .00
Los Angeles .'.. '50.04 04 46 W , Clear .00
Phoer.jx .20.06 70 38 W Clear .00
Portland 30.:i2.60 42 E Cloudy .00
Red Bui ft ....30.18 44 . 32 SE Clear ..00
floseburs .. ..30.2S -40 32 ¦'...: Clear ¦- .00
Sacramento ..30.22 .. SS NE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake . ...3W.28 " .. 30 W Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 20 40.38 N Pt Cldy .00
S. L. Obispo..30.10 72 ,38 N Clear - .00
San Di«go 30.00 62 48 NW Clear '" .00
Seattle ..... -.30.32 48 2SS Rain « .^H
Spokane .....30.40. 3t! 22 NE Clear .00
Neah Bay ..30.20 46 : 4» S Cloudy .18
"Walla *' Walla. 30.40 »4 26 S - Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30.30 50 .16 NE Clear .00
Yuma ..:..... 29.08 -76 36 -W ¦--•. Clear*" .00
THE COAST RECORD.
a g g a 2.3
; .;. ¦ . .5-::sB-.«a '*?' J|&?|
STATIONS.- 3 :3s 3 3 oS » . p
2. . e ;.j r*o 5?» r»
Astoria 30.28 52 40 NE, Cloudy T.
Baker .....v.30.30 12 24 SW Clear .00
Carson S0.22 54 10 NW Clear .00
Eureka 44 ..:.-....> .00
Fresno ......30.20 4H SO NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. 0« 40 20 NE Cloudy .10
Pocatcllo. Ida..WJ}8- 42- 22 N\V Clear. .00
Independence .aoAO -B4 32 XV Clear ¦ .00
Los Angeles .'.. '50.04 04 46 W , Clear .00
Phoer.jx .20.06 70 38 W Clear .00
Portland 30.:i2.60 42 E Cloudy .00
Red Bui ft ....30.18 44 . 32 SE Clear ..00
floseburs .. ..30.2S -40 32 ¦'...: Clear ¦- .00
Sacramento ..30.22 .. SS NE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake . ...3W.28 " .. 30 W Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 20 40.38 N Pt Cldy .00
S. L. Obispo..30.10 72 ,38 N Clear - .00
San Di«go 30.00 62 48 NW Clear '" .00
Seattle ..... -.30.32 48 2SS Rain « .^H
Spokane .....30.40. 3t! 22 NE Clear .00
Neah Bay ..30.20 46 : 4» S Cloudy .18
"Walla *' Walla. 30.40 »4 26 S - Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30.30 50 .16 NE Clear .00
Yuma ..:..... 29.08 -76 36 -W ¦--•. Clear*" .00
tDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at .11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 29A Morris avenue, thence to St.
Rose's Church^for services, commencing at
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦ ' CTTrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral,- to-day
(Monday), at 1' o'clcpk, from her late
residence, 2030 Cedar street, Berkeley, thence
¦ to the .Church , of the Good Shepherd, .West
Berkeley, for services beginning at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mountain .View Cemetery, Oak-
land, Cal. - :"•-, ¦ :. : - \ , i
YOUNG— In this city, January W. 1902, James
¦ Young, dearly : beloved j brother of Josie
"Young and Mrs. Ellze Keefe, Mrs. Mary
Menzies and William H.: Young, and nephew
of Martin Menzies, a native of Cincinnati.
t Ohio, aged 38 years. .» .
[CTFuneral • private. • :
BCHOTT— In -this r city. 1 January 12, 1902,
Charles F., dearly beloved son- of the -late
'- John Schott .and : Mrs. . Jennie Daniels, and
.brother of Fred H. Schott. a. native of Rock-
lln, : Cal., '. aged 28 yeari 2 months andV29
days. ¦•', . . ....¦.•':- - " '• ' - -
E?"Frlends • and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from «the parlors
s-of Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
-street. . ,. ¦ , . ¦¦ .¦ ..- • . ' ' . • •
SMITH— At her late residence, 15 Kate streets
In this city, January 12, 1902, . Bridget, be-
loved wife of James Smith, and dearly be-
loved, mother of Lizzie, Joseph J. and Ed-
. ward F. J Smith, and I sister of the late Mrs.
Mary Reardon, a native of Ireland. . : ,. ¦ .
SOMMER — In ; . LI vermore, .January 10,' 1902,'
Ann Sommer, beloved" mother of Mrs. C. M.
Hunt, - Walter M. and . Harry H. Heywood
and the S late Georgie Phillips, a native . of
• St. . George, New -, Brunswick. • .
V mass. will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross , Cemetery. ..- . *'
SCHMIDT— January t 12,- 1902, Sophie Louise
' -Schmidt, beloved mother •• of .Mrs. ,' M. F.
Bender and Mr. A. H. R. Schmidt, a native
'; of Hanover, Germany, aeed 83 years 11
months and I) days. •¦ • .-
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ; M.- J.
McBrearty, with the j same company- for 18
years ;, P. F: Green, j late . with J. > C. O'Con-
nor ! & •' Co:, have opened • new .Funeral .Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elehth. ¦" " Telephone South '¦:.,.• .'¦.
NEW.HRMOi' UlMDUrtTAKbRS.
; EAILWAY TBAVEL.
NORmPAcm^^
Via Sausalito Ferry ..' •
Commencing September 29, iooi.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
• ' AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. «0:3a 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:13,'.*G:15. 'e:45*p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:80 and 11:40 p. m. ' .. ;;. «
•> SUNDAYS— *&:Q0. "10:00, «ll:30 a. m., •1:15,
3'1B. *4:45. 6:30. 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN ' FRANCISCO.
-WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:43. 7 8:35. 10:15
a. nv. *12:25, 2:15, »3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at, 6:45 and 9:5& p.m. -:
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. »10:00. •ll:4Sm..m..
•1:40. »3:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m. ¦ ¦ .
:Tralns morked (•) start fronvSan Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO HAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:4».' 6 :45,- 7:55.: 8:55. W:30
a. f m., 12:35. 2:45,' 3:. r O. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. .Wednesdays
EDd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ¦
- SUNDAYS — 8^)6. -10:05 -a: m.. 12:03. 2:13,
5:30.-500. .6:45 p. m/ . -
, • THROUGH TRAINS. .
6:55 a^-m. week .days — Cazadero and: way
stations. . . "•¦¦. •¦''"¦ ¦-¦¦
1:45 p. in. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
-8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and ..way
stations. -" \ ••• v - .¦ ,¦'¦'¦ ...
. Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time: ; • -¦-¦•-- ¦¦¦ •\y.--
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,.
629 EEABXT ST. "Established
In 1S3-* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Ixwt Manhood. - Debility or
disease vreariDgon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cure* when
others fall.' Try htm. ('hargts low.
. _^_^ t'ur«« (runruntccd. CulloDWrit*
tir. JT. JP. «<BBOM. sau Frauclscc. CaL - •
JAMBS McGINN,
Farmerly/.'with '. McGinn . Bros.i has - opened
new Funeral ¦ Parlors at ¦ 214 E.ddy I st.. ¦' bet.
Taylor ¦ and Jones.' Telephone South 576."
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
¦--¦¦¦Z7 ni*a M Fifth St. Tel. South 167
rUNERAL DIBECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
-Finest -/ Equipment at ¦¦ Moderate . Rates. ¦
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
- - Ran Francisco So Ssn Ratm»U
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
; trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:39.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
' San Rui'ao! to Snn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:80. 0:20, 11:10 a. m.s
12:45. 3:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and t»:33 p. m. - <
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
&-.05, 6:25 p. m. .; '
--'¦ Leavo I In Effect I ArrW*
San Francisco. |Apr.* 28. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I * Sun- I 1 Sun- ' I Week
Days. I days. | Destination I days. | DaysL
7:30am 8:00am Nova to. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm l):30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10: 23ai»
5:10pm B :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
- . . . Fulton.
7:30am ¦ ' Windsor. 10:25am
. 0:COpm Healdsburg-, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllla,
3:30pm 8:00am 'Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am B:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:38pm 6:20pm
7:3Cam 10:40am 10:28am
- 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
,8:30pm 6:00pm . 6:20pm
7:30am 3:00am Sonoma 9:15am S :40am
-• '-and ¦ ¦
5:10pm S :00pm Glen Ellen, g :08pm 6:20pm.
7:30am| 8:00am| • 110 :40ainll0 :25am
• 3 :30pm I 6:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7 :35pm ( 6:20pm,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserrllle for Skaegs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland ¦ Springs, Kelwsy-
ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley**.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr 1 *
Hot- Springs. Mendoduo City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Uaal, •. Wllllts. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. OUen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.- ¦ '¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticke* office. ¦ 650 Market - street. ChronieTi ,
building.
v , II. C. WHITINO, R. 3T RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Ge- 'aas. Agt.
PiOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Fetrv I _ Arnv* "
San Fran. Foot of Market ht._ [_^Lf W' ¦"¦
9-30 A. 8:C0a. ~£- ,«W». I*J£;«> A.
4:15 p. 11:S0a. *« k ti.««i. i 1 ™ 3 »•!*•« ».-
.- 1:15p. ".*«"**•»»• , 15:53 r.j '
- r»re, S»u TnMtftn to Summit «iid Rrtiim, Jl. 90.
- <?<-*t* OScea, (31 «'"" 3T3£1T wi &133AUI0 ?XUX,
A STECK. Everett. Hardman. Ludwlg. Pack-
ard. Kingsbury or Smith A Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 033 Market st. Popular prices!
Eacy terms!'
WILL sacrifice account unforeseen circum-
stances fine large upright grand piano. 643
Turk et. i; ¦'
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage jplaaos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT -CURTAZ Piano Co., S60 Hayes et.
$160 ON sale, upright Grand: cost $600; make
calhoffer. Room 36. 217 Geary St.
117&— A RARE chanqt; flae upright.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
S1 ™5 SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
?75: Erard upright. Hornung. 21« McAllister.
«fPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
* MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place*
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk Bt. near Market—
ghoTitnew. Schubert and Stelnway bargain*.
KEW HYGIEXIC TREATMENT. •
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4: phone Polk 1421.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market st. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
ETOKE 30x30, with basement 40x80; location
center of wholesale Iron and machinery trade.
Apply «t 143 First st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sires; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Bt.
MRS. ALDRIDGE, celebrated palmist: children
fpecialty. 1010. Larkln; no sign; read, dally.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2333.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
IMIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; tinting done. Hartman
Paint Co., 319 Third st. ; tel. Red S521.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVBD — Ladies.-don't look old; Dr. N. DB
SAVOYSKY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, ¦will meet you at La Verlte
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
prtserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest study is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excels anything ever given In
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or scar. Phone Folsom
44(1. 1140' Market Et.. opposite Hale'6. '
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
Jl.'i; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install.
minis, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eichth.
A COMPLEXION of beauty is a Joy forever. I
guarantee you that together with a luxuriant
head of hair or no pay. Bohemian MME.
ROCME, 131 Post su. room 3.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1O21 Market st.. near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; (1 &0 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. -
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; {1 each:
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ANTIQUE- jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
etones. antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curloelty Btore. 118 Geary Bt- Nat Raphael.
HAIRDRESSIKG, any style, 25c; switches
from $1 up; shampooing, 50c; massaging, 50c;
manicuring 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
THE latest and best things In ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
lrxtallments. at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. 52 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Bt. near Broadway.
Eing Chong & Co. has removed from 116 Stock-
ton to BC8 Geary.v bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladies* underwear.
10, f too PERSON'S on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth St., room
11; call after 7 p. in. ....
MRS. DAVTSON. 3646 Market St., phone How-
ard 20S8, professional chaperon; best of
references.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
MAGNETIC massage treatments given to either
sex by strone man. Box 2216, Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — tF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Iir.G.E.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
THE A'VTDA COMPANY permanently cures
Etomach trouble. 7C3 Valencia et., cor. 10th.
ONE MINUTF TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by eiectric needle. 968 Butter; tel. Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
tlectnc needle. MME. BOLING, 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
; MRS. ALLIE M. XUXK. 1002^4 Dolore« Bt.
JEWELRY for Eale; diamonds, precious Btones
bought. T. Ferchtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm. 28.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
UASQUEIIADE coctumn. play books. Trigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO... 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE F uits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Jlisfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE*S FRENCH CORK PAINT.
the beet corn cure; 25c; all druggists. ,
ALFRED UMS Egyptian Henna ; restores , gray
heir tc Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AX» SURGEOX8.
A^DRrOLIv"E~GRUVEB, lady physician and
turgeon, at 1122 Market Et.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
'ruts all diseases of the human body: »eo
testimonials et office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellin.
PLJJTIKG AXD TIRSIXG BULLS.
WOOD and ivory turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
DIVIDES D XOXICBSI ~
DIVIDEND Notice^The Nevadai National
Bank of Ban Francisco— At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 7th. l»02, a dividend was de-
clared for the half-year ending December
21st, 1901, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 15th
lnst. Transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 15th Ir.st., both days inclusive.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany, room 16, second floor. Mills building.
San Francisco. Jan. 7. X0O2 — Dividend No. ,
19t», of 42 cents ptr share on the issued capi- :
tal stock of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany, will be payable at the office of said
company, room 16 second floor. Mills build-
ing, on Jan. 15. 1902. Transfer books will
close on Jan. 9. 1S02, at 3 p. m. ' -v
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCLSCO. Cal., January 13. 1902.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday. Febru-
ary 13. 1902. and then opened, for construc-
tion of three Iron Storehouses af the Pre-
E14I0 of San Francisco, Cal. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or in part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
requlrea by the public service there. Infor-
mation furnished en application to D. p.
WHEELER Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief q. m.
PROPERTY WA.VTED.,
Wanted — Improved city property for cash
buyers. DOXN'ELLY CO.. 632 Market st
REAL ESTATI3 COCVTay For Sale
—-TOVi EALE NEAlT SAN FRANCISCO^^
email tracts, JliO to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, aa
can Francisco is growing rapidly; location
t*et for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Coiatl Co.. 302 California sfe. for paxn-j
phiets and informatton. •
$5 AX acre, 800 acres; stock ranch 80 miles
from this city; house, barn, etc. DONNELLY
CO.. <>i2 Market st. . '^- ;
1'HOFITABLK orange, lemon, oeach and pruns
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HKALY &CARR. 6 Eddy Et.
A NICE list of chicken ranches near Petaluma.
E. X. EMMONS & SON. 11 Montgomery «t
POULTRY and dalrv ranches for sale; write for
.iree list. C. R. \tlNFIELD. Petaluma. CaL •
ROOMS . TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.'-- . .• • .¦ ' ;• " - -
VAN NESS ave., 1429. SW. 'corner of . Pine —
•''¦Large sunny bay-window,, newly furnished
rooms; gas, bath, running, water, telephone,
etc. ; also a large unfurnished room.".;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, j 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call-advertisements and
subscriptions ¦ has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ¦ '.'." ¦ ' ¦ ', - '
ROOMS .AND . BOARD.' :
GOOD board, newly furnished sunny rooms,
prrates, private family; Bush, ,nr. Taylor, af-
ter 15th; different prices. Apply until 14th,
667 Geary st. ¦ ¦¦ -..¦'- -•
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission — Large sun-
ny corner suite, $55; other rooms; American
cooking. . '. . .' .
BERTLING, 736 Bush— Elegant sunny suits;
also single rooms; billiards for amusement
of guests; superior table; terms reasonable.
ELEGANT furnished room In ! modern j flat;
every convenience; congenial I house; fine
neighborhood; private; reas. 2307 Van Ness.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
. furnished ; good table; In warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia 6t. . .. '
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st Ets.
—^In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
togs; choice sunny suits;: first class.- ¦ ¦•.
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table. .
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— Hlsh-clas» house;
suites & single; board optional; steam heat.
PACIFIC ave., 1716, above Van Ness — Large
sunny room, -with board; suitable for 1 or 2.
PRIVATE board for 1 or 2; room and board
$20 mo, 2022 Woolsey st.. Lorln, Berkeley.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter-^-Newly furnished;
excellent table; Epeclal rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome " furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gentsfj)est table board.
ROOMS . AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTHD — Sunny room with board and care
for invalid lady, and single, room without
board for gentleman; small, private, central
location preferred ; state fully conditions and
terms. Address box 2900. Call office.
LADY employed during day desires room and
¦ board in private family west of Van Ness
ave. ; state particulars. Box 2903, Call office.
i MAN wishes unfurnished room. $3 or $4 month;
j small family; only one floor. Box 2230. Call.
RUPTURE- SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? . No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market St.,
and get cured: treatment free. ¦¦ . ¦ -.. -«-
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mls^
Eton st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL~JfOTICE8.
THE Pacific Hebrew . Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby ¦ gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1, 1901, to January 1, 1902, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls: Isidor Cohen. 13 yrs. 4 mos.; Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Hannah Feingold,
8 yrs. 2 mos. ; Henry Feingold, 5 yrs. 6 mos. ;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Alma Wolff,
7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner, S yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 0 yrs. 5 mos.; Sam Shaphran,
8 yrs. 11 mos.; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran, 5-yrs. 4 mos.; Samuel Pud-
lin, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlin, 8 yre. 3
mos. ; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. 11 mos. ; Clarence
Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Louis Friedman, 9 yrs.
2 mos.; Henry Friedman, 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Ros-
enthal. 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal, 4
yrs.; Ruben Vidaver. 12 yrs.; Matthias Vi-
daver, 10 yrs. 9 mos. ; Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7 mos. ; Mamie Levy, 8 yrs. 4 • mos. ;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs. 3 mos.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum — on Haight .st. — from July 1. 1901, to
January 1. 1002: Doris B." Whltehorn,' 2 yrs.
« mos. ; Tessie V. Buyck, 9 yrs. 10_j*»os.; Lena
Schmidt, 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Lena M. Hamberger,
6 yrs.; Harry Klang, 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehom, C yrs. 6 mos.; Herbert O.
Seemann, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Percy W. Stapleton.
8 yrs. 10 mos.; Harry Hamberger, .4 yrs. S
mos. ; James A. Ferguson, 8 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos.; Rudolph Bohde,
8 yrs.; William Hill, 8 yrs. 4 mos.; William
Randolph, 7 yrs. 5 mos.; Herbert W. Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvlg, 10 yrs. 5 moa.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake St., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to Jan. 1, 1902: Jennie Anderson, aged 7
years. Olga Anderson, 4; Alice Obrist, 7;
Onita V. Mayberry, 11; Lucy B. Cain, 9;
Mary Colgrove, 3; Mary M. Crankshaw, 6;
Gladys Crankshaw, 6: Adelaide Parker, 10;
Margaret Voss, 10; Joycelln E. Martin, 11;
Ethel Plant, 12: Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe,
9; Mary Ohe, 7: Henrietta Ohe, 2: Ruth
Congdon, 7; Mildred Congdon, 5; Florence
Hodge, 18 months; Grace Bess, 5 years; Irene
Jones, 10. ' ¦ '
THE following half-orphans have been received
in the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
. since last publication : "Violet Lumberge 4
years of age: Marion Williams, 2 years of
age ; ¦ Robert D. Mackay, 5 years cf age.
THE annual meeting of the S. F. Nursery for,
Homeless Children will be held at 1534 Mla-
slon St.. TUESDAY, Jan. 14, 10 o'clock a. m.
BA1> tenants ejected for $4: collections mada:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41." Montgomery St.. moms O-10:tel.55S0.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- !
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124.205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
• TYPEWRITERS . AKD SUPPLIES.
GREa7t~BARGAINS IN' TYPEWRITERS'^Wo
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California ; telepnone Main 26S.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
' typewriter doctors :egtlmotg free. 20D Sansom e.
SIRTflS-MARRMES- DEATHS-
Birth, marria.ee and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the DUbllcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of' per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KERR— In this city, January 4, 1902, to the
wife of R. G. Kerr, a daughter.
VAN DIEKEN — In this city, January 10, 1902,
¦ to the wife of H. Van Dieken, a daughter. -
WRIN — In this city, January 10, 1902, to the
wife of William J. Wrin (nee Hutchlngson),
a daughter. ¦ • ' • - - .. '..¦.;•.
. MA3BIED.
CLAUSEN — WILDERMUTH — In this city,
January 11, -1U02, by Rev. Dr. John A. . B.
-Wilson, Charles E. Clausen of Oakland and
Emma Bertha Wildermuth of Oakland. ~* ¦•;¦
KRIESS— HAIN— In this city, Decembe7\29,
1901. by Rev. M. H. Llebe. Williaifi I C.
Krless and Emma Bertha Hain. both of San
¦ Franciaco. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ¦¦ ¦':-,.-
7 ~~ DIED..
Barland, Sarah i Jones, Carmelita
Bentley, Albert Joyner. Sarah J.
Brennan, Margretta -' Kittler. .Roman
Cavanaugh, Rlcharil Lang. Harris.
Christy, James '.'¦'. Lawley, Johanna ,
Conniff. Annie -Louis. Louis -
Ccok, George , H. Mercier, Emile A.
De Celle, John A. Murphy, Mary D.
Denike, Catherine Patterson, Rastus •
Douglas, Alexandra Robertson. Louise M.
Finneran, Ann Ryan,' Patrick
Gibbons, .James . Schmidt, Soshle L. •
Green, Georse Schott. Charles F. • .
i Green, Harold Smith, Bridget
" Harte, Harry J. Sommer, Ann
Hellwis. Frederick Yount, James
'Holden, Edmund J.
BARLAND — Entered into rest,- in this city,
• January 12, 1902, Sarah Barland, a native of
.County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 46 years. ¦ -¦ -.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the'funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late'resl-
' dence, 1416 Taylor street. • Cremation at Odd
; Fellows' Cemetery.. : ( _ . .
BENTLEY — In .this 'city, /January llX'1902,
Albert Bentley, . beloved brother of. Frederick
Bentley, a: native of Canton Berne. Switzer-
land, aged 60 years. 10 months and 27 days.
ffjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 10 o'clock, from ¦ the - funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks,. 957 Mission street.
. between Fifth and Sixth.' Interment Mount
• Olivet Cemetery, by, carriage. ¦ . • . •
BRENNAN— On • Tuesday, January 14;' 1002,
at 9:30 o'clock,, at St.-'. Brlgld's Church,
. southwest . corner ' of Van • Ness avenue ¦ ami
-' Broadway, a. month's : mind requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
. soul of Mrs. Margretta Brennan, wife' of
. John Clark Brennan. , Friends are invited to
attend. . . . ;'¦ ¦ • , ¦ ¦
CAVANAUGH— In this city, January. 11, 1902,'
Richard, dearly beloved - husband " of.' Mary
Cavanaugh, and beloved father of Mrs. John
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry ' Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lr. 6an Fran T:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39 p 5:00a
¦• Bakersfld 6:15p 5:20 p 7:43a
" Kan. City .2:40a 7:30a.......
•• Chicago ...'.1/2:15 p 9:00 p
a for momlnjr. P (or afternoon. ~~
9:00 a. m. train is the Calif ornla • Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakers fle Id for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily
I 4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. in. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers ' and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p.m.
¦ dally. . , •
7:20 a. m. is Bakerafleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Franciaco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland- ' - - '
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE -
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.."
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY _ .JANUARY 14. 1902
At Our Salesroom, No. <53S Market st.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
• . DENCE. - '.
East side (No. 710) Cole st. 4S:3 feet south
of Waller; a beautiful modern residence 10
rooms and porcelain bath and basement, wine
room, billiard room, etc.; lot 25x9S feet; Btreet
bituminized; cement walk. ;
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT, i-
.Northwest side (No. »3S) Clara St., '220 feet
northeast of Fourth; a large well built house
of 12 rooms and bath, which at a small expense
could be remodeled into two flats; large lot,
27x75 feet.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE
East side (No. 182) Tremont ave.," i46 feet
south of Frederick • an elegant modern cottage
of 6 rooms, bath «hid finished basement; Just
completed; lot 25x80 feet. r r v"-Y~;
WESTERN ADDITION- UNIMPROVED j
PROPERTY.
South side (1613) Turk st.. 165 feet west of
Pierce through to Elm ave.; a fine large piece
of property In a growing neighborhood; im-
provements old: fine site for flats: lot 27:6x120
feet.
MISSION COTTAGES. ' ¦ .
West Elde (Nos. 56 and 68) Lundy's lane. 50
feet north of Esmeralda st. ; 2 fine cottages.
one of 4 rooms and one of C rooms and bath;
close to the Mission carhouse; lot 50x70 feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
South side (Nos. 637 and 537%) Elizabeth
Et., 105 feet east of Castro; store and 4 rooms
and flat above of 6 rooms and bath; rents $30
per month; lot 25x114 feet. ,;.'. '¦-•
WESTERN ADDITION STORE AN.D FLAT.
North side (No. 2004) McAllister St., 105
feet west of Central ave. ; store with 2 rooms
and flat of 5 rooms and bath ; sunny side of
street; lot 23x100 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
West side of Devisadero St., 84:8 north of
Ridley; fine large building lot In a fine neigh-
borhood; lot 25x125 feet. •
CHOICE BUILDING SITE.
. A fine large building lot on the northeast
corner of, Ashbury st. and Corbett road.
BERNAL HEIGHTS UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY. V
Lots Nos. 436. 43S. 528. 530. 626 and 628,
Allln Gift Map No. 3, situated on Cherubusco
and North aves.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.",
..V-V.-' §3S Market st. i
FOR SALE — Easy Installments, 6-room cottage
on Mississippi Bt.. near Twenty-fifth. .Apply {
.or address Owner, 2251 Market Et:. between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. - - • ;
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and finished basement; 310 Jersey st., near
Noe; sunny elde.'
COTTAGE. 4 sunny rooms and bath, $900 cash.
1206 • Powhattan ave., near 9an Bruno road.
*IDR sale — Double house, 16 rooms and bath,
at 076 Pine st. .¦
ALAMEDA. ADTERTKEMENTS.
ALAMEpA REAL ESTATE.
NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot. 35x120; S2500.
New cottage. 5 rooms; lot 40x120: $2200;
terms. J. H.' YOUNG, Builder, 1243 Park st.
BARGAINS; improved %fc unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
?3750— A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath.-
Just being finished; lot 00x156; only 5 min-
utes" walk to the university; In the very
best' part of Berkeley '
JOS. J. MASON".
¦ « Real Estate, Berkeley.
FRHITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
LOT at half cost; choice location; no agents.
Box 2232. Call office. • -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD COTTAGES TO LET.
EUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vic? throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larga
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner 'Washington and
Eighth Ets.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1GS9 Xinth ave.. East Oakland. -
OAKLAND ROOMS.
FOR RENT — Furnished dining-room and
kitchen In boarding-house. Apply to"B. H.
WELCH & CO.. 1383 Fifth ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 353— rFurnished housekeeping rooms;
two, $12; three, $20; also single, $4 and $5.
FOLSOM, 625 — Large furnished front suite,
light housekeeping, $2 25 a week.
GEARY. 1527 — Front unfurnished connecting
rooms with alcove, running water, gas range,
bath. .
GROVE, 429A— 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping, $5 per month. - .
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting bay-win-
dow rooms completely furnished; range; elec-
tric lightr.
OAK 119—2 large sunny parlors, furnished
housekeeping:, 2 beds, $1C; small room, $4.
POINT LOBOS, 1833, cor. 8th ave. — Furnished
housekeeping room's.
TEHAMA, 22^ — 2 rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, 545 — Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; bath and phone; rent $15.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100U
Valencia ft. - ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
tunny; grill attached: 75c day upward: rates
by week or month;- McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
•light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market, (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 724 — Front bay-window sunny room;
nicely newly furn. ; hot & cold water, bath,
. phone; suitable for 2; 11 to 1 and 5 to 7.
DEVISADERO, 1705 — Sunny, neatly furnished
rooms, $4 and $5 per month.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms
36c. $1 50 night; $1 60. $8 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 606 — Nice sunny suite of rooms; flre-
¦ place in both rooms. < ¦
FOLSOM. 831— Sunny rooms with closet; $1
per week.
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed, suites and single; travelers' accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE, 758— Large sunny room suit-
able for 2 gents; running water; $12; prlv.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission —
- Family hgese; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single; elevat.
GRANT ave., 17 — Pleasant sunny rooma at
reasonable rates. v
HARRISON. 1114, near Seventh — Nicely fur-
niehed rooms cheap. • r . '
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handeome Kuites";
. private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MCALLISTER, 684— A large furnished rocm,
suitable for^2; gas, bath, phone. '.
MINNA,. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient,
NATOMA. 217 — Furnished rooms ; also- furn-
\ ished kitchen. " . . ....¦- - . . ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlfhed rooms; $2 a week/ up; 35o a"' day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Bunny furnished rooms and
• offices; elevator; elec. lights ; .-day. week t| moA.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandescent - light
' reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
. lor; -rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week, $2
,to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water ;. baths..
SHERMAN Apartment . House, 28 Eighth St.,
near .Market — Furnished or unfurnished. .,
•RATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO:
. TnlM ltnt» itnd nr« dux ¦• nrrli* •»¦
, «» UN riUNflM'O. ?*-; . ;
VJ (Mtln Um, Foot of Market Street.) -*'
mw — . J»QM Pkcyxbsb 8. 1901. — ARarr*
- 7i«»a Benidm, Suiaim. Elmira sad Sacra-
, ,w meauy IkSSy
I "i »©Oa Vacarille, Wlxitnra,'Kam8«y ?>3te
7 iS« a M wtin»t, San U»moo. VaUejo. Kapa,
" C»nsto(a sod Santa Eom tt:23p'
»:•« a Davis, Wood!»ad. Knignti Landing.
¦ MaurysTlllo. OrotlHo.. 7t5.1»
»i«O» Atlantic Kxpieis— Ogdon and East StSS^'
MOa Hues. Lathrop. Stockton 7:2.1?
' SiUOANUe*. MendoU. Hxnford. Vlsalia.
• PorSerrille...... 4:53»
. SiSOa Shasta Express— D»tIs, Wllllanu (tot '<«k ,
> ¦ Bartlett Springs). WlUowa, &od >
- ". - BluS. Portland. 7i33»
•iBO* Sun Joae. LJtermor*. Htockton.
lone, flacramento, PUoetTitld, ' -
¦ M»ry«»lll». CUoo, Red Bluff 4i*a»
Ss3i> a Oakdale, Cbine«>,tkmora, Tuotnxna* 4t*Sv
. »iO»a Hayward, Nilos aad Way SUUona.. 1 1i!W»a
•i«Oa VaUejo. J»:23»
- liHila AMRfos Kxpras — UarUnex.
. Tracy. LaUirop. Stockton. Mooed '
Fresno and Los Angeles 7i33^
»ia» A VaUejo, Martin«s and Way Btatlont 7:53f
IOiOUA The Oreiland Limited— OkiUd. D«a«
' tor, Omaha. Chicago SiS3»|
. Ht—r Saorammto Ulver Scaamnra tll:O0y
Sittttr Banleia. Winfrera. fjaoraoiealo, )
Waodland. KnI«hU Laodin«. ;
Marjrstni*. OroTlllo 10:534
tiSOr narwMd. NHesand Way fiutlom.. 7:53f
4it»«r Martinet, 8an Itaraou, Vallejo. '
Napa. CalUtoga. S»nU Uoaa »i33»;
4tOOr Nlles. Urermore, Stockton. Lodl... .iai*3»|
4i»«»p Harvard. NUoa. Baa Jom, IJnnaon {9>84*i
, 4tS0rTh« Owl Limited — Xreano, Tul«e.
' ' ' .- ' Bakeraaelil. S»ufus for aauta Bar-
'¦• . bar*. Los Ancelea lilll
»iO»p Port Coata, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton lOtUJ
8iO«f MartiMX. Antioch, Stockton, Mar* !
ced.Fresao ltiaa»
•:OO P Harvard. MilMBudSaa Joia 7i35«.
f«lOOp VaUejo 11:23*
• lOOr Oriental Mall— Ogd«n. Denror. ' J
Omaha, St. Louis. Cblcaro *«*3U!
7t«OrO«igon and Calif ornl* ICzprsat.Haa. . - {
rMH«;ifc<i. M»rja»II!». ICRihlluf, |
1'orllan.l. r«t9i Sound and Wait i:33*
- MSr San Pablo, Port Costa. Martiaas .
a»dW»» etaUons lli«9«
t»»ftgr Valleji. 7i33y
COAST I»INE (5arroir Uubjb).
' (Foot ol Markat gtrwt.)
¦i I S a N»wark,O«ntertlll»,flan J«a*,S*»ltoa.
* Boulder CMBk.SautaCnJi and W*y
BUtlons StS«9
ta*< Or Newark. Cen terirille, Bao .loto, STnf
AlmadsB. Felton. BouNter Cre«k, ' ' t
'Santa Cms ami Principal Wai
ButloHi 10ilt«4
4ilSp Newark, San Joae. Los Gates tSi3»*
««.3»p Hnateta' Train— San Josa sod Way
Stattona t7J»O»j
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. i
ftm SiS FRA5CISC0— faoi of luitt Street (Slip 87—
!7:15 9:00 ll:00».M. 1:00 3:09 - S:13r.H. I
fri«0UUHB— f-itUrUriWw.T.— 1«:00 tS:09 t&Ot'
10;OOa:». 18:00 8X3 «:0flr.»l. . I
.. . COAST LINE (Broail i;»;i). j
.-¦ N^ (ThlrJ and TownserMl Sts.) |
OtlOA Baa Jots and Way Mtation*.. ........ «»4«4 )
7:00 A Sail Jose ami Way Stations...'. *S:OO»
/7i««-» New Aliradeit / *:10»
SiOttACost Lino Limited — Han Joae,
.¦ - Gilrny, Salinas. San Xols Obispov
. . ' Hanta Barbara, Los Angeles aad
-. ' ' - i>rlr'4p«llntermedl»testatlons.... 10:439
' ' OiOOa Han Muie, Tiei 1'icoi. Hmita <^rux.
pjieine OroTe, Salinas. San Lois
' ¦ ' Obispo and Prindpsl intermediate
Station*..' ; Jilfr.-
- lOtaOASaa Jcseand Way 3ta4oca.. ........ *:U^t>
i n.-:ii>,i rijii.ii-itm.ii W»-s.,,k.iu - te±
1«<-iap San liatsn, I'.tdir^', M«nlo Park.
l>t!n Alia. )Un:«4ura. Hw.lun, ¦
TvW PlaOf, ftt •?* V.tuz, Va.ij:»i,
tlOiltSTiy blt<* I'*- irto .'..-'«;...... 1191494 :
?^< ••»!. Van.Tft<i9»i<<» Wi. HUUdm ItSSy
?•»:*i«- I'rii -trni «v-ty button* S>a6»
«-.5»f Sw-"9»et I*- ¦ ; I TTc'U^ay^'Ww'jBM-
;."'•" «?«kt», *ridaf«. f ir £o» Xcsf^ieK, IQ
; Jk^KfwOdmstnlSt* ¥«*. '.
' •. ; Arrives Husdaya. Xu»<<r!»j» raul
I '¦' Thur»«l»7« , lo>tS* .
¦-. tA;O<r3an Joae, Lot Caton aod t'ru.cipa- '
WaySUtioiw 1 ,.•,')«*>
3:n»;- Sail Jose ami Principal \Vay .SUtlous 6:HI»J>
-, «:.ti»,. s*m ,)i»panil \'.'«t Sf.arionn 7;.H>*
YiOOp New Orleann Ei press — . u nn Lnis
- OWspo. Santa itaTbara. T.r.s As-
. .' ' ¦ RelfR, D-mfng. El Paso, New Or-
. . ieinsanilEitt.... 7i39&
i flli4.tr S»».)oiiK!.iiil Way Statieiw 7;lft»
Ator,MoTnnig • 1* for Afternoon.
tHiu.ii.vv rin>«i>r*iL ? Sunday only.
_aS»tK/aa» ou!y. . / TuraUays auil FrliJsySj.
Madden and Patrick, Richard and Thomas
Cavanaugh,. i and brother of Mrs. Ann Cas-
' tellq, a native of I County • Galway, Ireland,
• . aged C7 years. ¦ ' ¦ • -
' C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to" attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), ¦ at .8:30 o'clock,-, from -his late
" residence, '162 '¦ Clara -*, street, thence ; . to ¦ St.
, Patrick's Church, where . a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of his
soul, commencing " at 9 o'clock.. Interment
Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery. ¦.. -, ¦ . •" • '
CHRIST Y— In Alameua; January' 12, : 1902,
James Christy, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Christy, and father of Samuel B. Christy and
Mrs. Sidney E. Robinson and Mrs. Henry A.
Dow and James R> Christy, a native of Bal-
timore, ,Md., aged 74 years 8 months and 8
¦ days. ¦¦.'-".¦". ¦¦ •¦ ¦;", -' '¦- - ; ":-¦.•¦¦ ;;. • -
C?"Friend3-and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invietd to attend . the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), : at 12 o'clock, at the
First M. "-• E. Church. Central - avenue . and
Park street. Alameda. | Interment private. .
CONNIFF— In this city, January . 12, - 1902,
Annie Connlff, beloved sister of Mrs. James
i Esran and John Manning of Benlcla, a
native of County ; Galway, i Ireland.
COOK— In this city, January 12. 1902, George
: H. ¦ Ccok, beloved husband of;Mary A. Cook,
and • father of Florence Cook, a native of
Bath, Maine, aged 61 years 6 months and" 23
¦•days. ¦ ¦••' *¦ - .-'¦¦ •' - -. • ¦ -.
ICTThe funeral services will be held
Wednesday, January 15, 1902, at 10 o'clock,
at hjs late residence,'.- 1022 Church street,
between : Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
under the auspices of Magnolia Lodge No.
.41, A. O. U.. W. Interment Cypress Lawn
" Cemetery -by carriage. ¦«
DE CELLE— In this city, -January 12, 1902,
John A. De Celle; brother of Joseph N. De
Celle of Crockett, Contra Costa County, Cal.,
a, native of Vermont, aged 37 years. . .
¦ icy The funeral- will take place to-mo*row
(Tuesday), at'9:45 o'clock, from «the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. - where a re-
quiem' mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
-Cross Cemetery. '.-'/. f .-
DENIKE— In Berkeley, January 12, 1902, en-
" tered into rest, Catherine Denike.v beloved
mother of Mrs. . Joseph Fox . and A. R.
and W. H. Denike, a native of Ireland,
aged 67 years 10 months and 15 days. : '
lETFriends and' acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30m o'clock, frpm her late
residence, corner Bancroft way and Spauld-
ing avenue, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Berkeley, where a solemn requiem high mass
,\vill be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 10. o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. \_ ¦ . • •. . ¦ . .. ~- ,
DOUGLAS— In this city,' January 9, ' 1902,
Alexandra Ch., beloved wife of George R.
' Douglas, and mother of Alexandra, George,
Maria, Ysmael, Clotilde and Louisa Douglas,
a native of Mexico, aged 57 years 8 months
« and 10 days. i - .• .
* [C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ¦ the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at" 9 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1222 Waller street, near Masonic
- avenue, thence to the Spanish Church, Broad-
way and Mason street,- where a mass will be
celebrated for the repoee of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, Uience by electric
car from Fourteenth' and Mission streets at
11:30 o'clock for. Holy Cro»s Cemetery.
FINNERAN— In this city; January 11, 1902
•Ann, beloved wife of John, Finneran. and
mother of John Finneran, and sister of Mr0.
T. Leach, Mrs. R. Henderson- and Mrs. M.
O'Connell and Michael. Patrick and Martin
Flynn, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 35 years. ' '. ¦
E?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors,
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church ! for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. : . . . .
GIBBONS— In the City and County 'Hospital,
i . January 12, 1902, James Gibbons, a native
of New York, aged 52 years.
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital,
January 11, 1902, George Green, a native of
England, aged 6S years.
GREEN — In this city. January 12, 1902, Har-
old, beloved son of John W. and Rosle Green,
and brother of Mervin and the, late Lloyd
Green, and grandchild of Mrs. J. S.. Mc-
Curdy, and nephew of Gunevla McCurdy, a,
native of San Francisco, aged 6 years and 10
months. (Virginia City papers please copy.)
• tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. •¦ (Tuesday), at* 1 o'clock, . from ¦ the residence
of his parents, 1014 Noe street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HARTE— In this city, January 12, 1902, Harry
J.,- beloved eon of Mrs. .- S. - Harte and thi
late Dominic Harte, a native of California,
aged 7 years 5. months and 11 days.
HELLWIG^ — In this city, : January 12. 1902,
Frederick, beloved father of Charles A. and
Herbert F. Hellwig, a native of Germffny.
aged 04 years 1 month anS 22 days. »
HOLDEN — In Oakland, 'January 10, 1902. Ed*
mund J. Holden, father of E. J. Holden Jr.,
and brother ¦ of G. H. Holden, a native of
California, aced 39 years. ,
• E^The funeral services will take place to-
day (Monday). -at 1:30 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment. private. . Please omit flowers.
JONES — In this city, January 12, 1902," "Car-
. mellta, • beloved infant daughter of John P.
¦ and Margaret Jones, 1 a native of San Fran-
""cTScorased .o -months ; and ~?1 days: -•.
JOYNER— In this .city, January. 11, .1902,
Sarah J.. ' beloved wife of Peter Joyner.
mother of Patrick/John, Katie, .Willie, Ber-
nard. Maggie, James and Julia Joyner, sister
of Mrs. J. J. Kennedy, and elster-in-law of
¦ Patrick Joyner, Mrs. P. J. Ryan and Mrs.
• J. Leavy, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged -43 years 8 months and ti days.
E5* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, ¦ 239 Henry street, oft Castro, be-
tween Fourteenth and Fifteenth, thence ti
the Church . of the Most Holy Kedeemer,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment' Holy Cross Cemetery.*
KITTLER— In this city, January 12, 1902.
after a - lingering illness, Roman, beloved
husband of. Augusta Kittler, and father of
Charles. Max and the late Frankle Kittler,
a native of Oestereich, Germany, aged 44
years 5 months and 16 days.
LANG — At the ¦ Pacific Hebrew Home, Janu-
ary 11, 1902, Harris Lang, a native of New
York, aged (57 years.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of i
Halsted & |Co., 94« Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11 :30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. , ¦ • • . ¦ . -
LAWLEY — In this city, January 11, 1902, Jo-
hanna, wife of Michael Lawley, and mother
of MasKie. John,- Ella. .. Thomas, Annie,
Michael,^ May- and Katie Lawley and Mrs.
James Hore, a native of Ballylongford,
County Kerry, Ireland,
{C7"The funeral- will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30' o'clock, from her late
residence, 3965 Eighteenth street, thence to
Mlrsion Dolores. Church, where a requiem
his'' mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOUIS — In this city, January 12, 1902, at the
Pacific Hebrew Home, Louis Louis, a native
of Russia, aged 08 years 8 months and 29
' days. , - ' -
MERCIER — In this. city. January 12. 1902,
Emile Armade Mercier. .beloved husband of
Kate M. Mercier, and son of Charles H.
Mercier, p. native of San Francisco, aged
37 years 0 months^and' 8 days. • , ,
Ey Interment private. Remains at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
i Twenty-flrst. •--¦
MURPHY— In this city, January . 11, 1902,
Mary. D., beloved wlf<> of the late Martin
Murphy, and mother of Mrs. J. Titus, Mrs.
. L. Burns and Mrs. T. Casoly, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 71 years.
[CyThe -funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1304 Lyon etreet, thence to St. Dom-
lnlc's . Church, where a requiem . high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . •
PATTERSON — In the City and County Hospl-
E tal, January 11, 1902, Rastus Patterson, a
native of "Jamaica, aged 40 years.
ROBERTSON— In thjs city, January 11, 1902,
Louise M. Robertson, a native of Maine.
aged 74 years. (Eureka, Cal., and Maine
v papers please copy.)-.
• Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited • to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
RYAN— In this city, January 11, 1902. Patrick,
• beloved husband of Dellla Ryan,', and father
. of ' Christopher, Dellla. Annie ¦ • and ' Mary
• Ryan, and : brother of William, Ryan, Mrs.
'Ann Ryan and Mrs. •• Nolan, a native of
County TiDDerary, Ireland, aged 57 years. -
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the-funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 411 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's" Church, where : a solemn .requiem
H^NRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
; (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
jL-&et:*. DANIEL P. DONOVAN; M*r. .•
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
\ 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
• ¦ Telephone South 80. . ¦; . -•;
Mt Gjivet Cemetery.
SAN BRUNO ! HILLS. :
OFFCE 916 MARKET STRRET.
/• : ; - • .• • J. HENDERSON.' Maaag",
Jfv.^ REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION *Y-^
>-r> at ARCADE HORSE MARKET, /t-r^
S27 SIXTH st. WEDNESDAY. January 15, at
11 a. m., 30 AU-pnrpose Horses, 1 Rubber-tired
Buggy. 1 lot of Harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALESTrapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drug-gists. -GOc. flask."' Richard & Co. 40* Clay.'
VANCOUVER, B.C., Jan. 1,2.— Since, the
victory. of the Moral' Reform; party, In the
municipal : election: here last jThursday,va-"
rious plans of- reform . have; been promulr
gated . by the , Mayor, and Aldermen-elect,
whose terms '¦: of • office begin -to-morrow.-
All' the saloons are closed to-day,", in 'com
pliance with an order of the, Chief of;Po
lice,, and the , by-law ¦ against gambling ; is
being strictly enforced. : \: • -. ":•'"'&?»
Reform '¦ Party Rules Vancouver.
: Theemployes of - 1. Magnlri & Co.' were
tendered a.banquet last evening at Del
monico's', by their | employers. * In' all ; over
.130 , employes ,' of . the : manufacturing J firm
gathered -around* the 'festal ; board. < The
evening was passed- with
feasting, music and speeches. The 'menu
cards were c designed ¦ to -', represent •:-¦ the
work which Is turned out: by the I. Mag
nln Company,' imprinted on the cards
w . ere ; he J P'ctures • of . Isaac Magnln and
his ; : wife, - the ¦;¦ original - founders . of the
company. /. . • ,-; - A , : '-
V T « e * Danc l ue t was ; given ; inv order '¦' that
I.^Magnin'&iCo;; might show their, appre
ciation .of. .the: work, performed by their
employes- during the last : year. ¦¦/"^v.-v,". 1
money .was found on; him when searched
at the prison. ¦ He was released yesterday
afternoon on $100 cash' ball. V, • • , .
This is the third robbery of an ex-sol
dier within a week at i this hotel.
"' PITTSBURG, Jan.: 12.— Ten thousand
dollars •. was ' yesterday contributed ¦ to ,the
national , fund . for . a> McKinley memorial
by the worklngmen of Homestead. The
majority of the • worklngmen gave j a • hiilf
day's pay. from the lowest ' laborer, to I the
heads of the departments. -.There were 'a
few, however, -who gave -.nothing. .
Labor Gives to : McKinley,Fund.
Thomas ! Moran, a 'feeble-minded old
man, who has been missing from his .home
at 721 j Bush street since Jandary 4, was
found yesterday by the police in a semi
conscious condition in the City and Coun
ty Hospital.- , He could give no coherenc
account of how he. came to -the hospital
further than that he had fallen down on
the street. When he reached the hospital
he t had several - contused and abrased
wounds on his head, and face. "Whether
these were inflicted by- his falling or by
his being assaulted is not known.
Missing Man Found in Hospital.
The I church; will remain ¦ forever, for Christ
is - the great : strength = of it. 'j He . dwells wilh
'men in the blessed Eucharist and' in' the great
church • throughout, the world.' .: .The. church i is
•.not here -to deal -• with political or " social life,
but'~ to teach ' salvation, j We - must . seek I the .
salvation of-God. /He lsrthinking-of.us and in
seeking, salvation" we must remember s what ; a
.glory it is to belong to the family of God.- .We
can belong to his family only, on lone-condi
¦ tlon.' .' We must 'look up ¦ to him and I take ' our ,
conduct from him. He:ls.tobe our ideal and
; In '; another way , he continued among us by
founding I a ) great . church. Everything .- in- life
comes from organization. and from society. God
gave us spiritual life . in the form of " society.
He organized it and I we call it the Catholic
church. -He "lives in that church. He „• came
to ¦ found a • visible - church in which \ he ; was to
live. He said : ( '.'I .will be with you : all j the
days -until the end of time." ..'..¦¦, ...'.'¦
Strength of Church Is Christ.
- St.- John heard the. voice say: "I \ will, dwell
with you." That Dromise has also been ful
niletJ. Christ came ¦ not only for .the; men- of
his time, but: for those of air time. 'There is
no interruption to salvation: The salvation ho
broueht was forever. In the great mystery of
the Eucharist he continued his presence among
us. ¦ Ho is our . consolation in the Journey to
eternity.- • v .. ; _¦ . - ¦ - . ; ¦ .;¦ ,:'
¦ Ytu, to-day, must feel some of that joy in
the erection of this noble church. Three prom
is«« were made in the. words of the evangelist.
The voice heard -by the apostle said first:- "I
will make my tabernacle among them.". .This,
premise has . been fulfilled. ¦ The son of, -God
was . tabernacled In the flesh. For years the
world had awaited his coming. All the world
lived in exoectation that God would aKaiiftb^
with the people as before the. fall in Ecten.
Tl>e infant' Christ came to tabernacle himself
amcr>fr. men on that - Christmas ' night' and the
Savior of man was born in poverty. Mankind
stood again • as the '¦ children . of God to live
through all ages of eternity. ¦¦* ¦¦•-.>
I. MAGNTN & CO. BANQUET
/EMPLOYES AT > DELMONICO'S
: Thenew Church of the Holy Redeemer
is a handsome edifice of the Romanesque
style: of architecture: It is finished in
-*,& ce £ ar and -has a seating capacity
orSoO." The parish was founded a year
ago, and Rev. Father McQuaide was as
signed-to it. He; was formerly connected
with .the Holy Cross parish and spent
some time in Manila. ' having been sent
there by, Archbishop Riordan. "¦
cost of the new church and land; Is
?3o,000. ¦. and the bulk of the money was
by .Father McQuaide.. , * v
/After the dedicatory service Archbishop
Riordan and the visiting clergy were en
tertained to luncheon by Father McQuaide
' at^.? ls ' resld ence opposite the • church. - . '
;. The double choir, that took part in the
services yesterday. was under the direction
yOtPMTS.'.G: Kennedy and Miss G. Frost,
while Professor Martinez presided at the
organ. ,. ;¦¦„-: ... . . •
Parish Is But a Year Old.
L '' L l j Iead you • a11 t0 sanctlflcation and
may it bring you into his very presence to be
Ms friend and companion during the never end
ing ages of eternity. : . /
, Th « A - Messing was then pronounced by
the ; Archbishop and the services were
¦brought to a termination. , ,
we must follow him. We must lead a Christ
,<llfe and try to be like him in all ways. On
. tnat condition alone can we be God's people.
- Here in, this tabernacle of God .will go forth
, cany .the streams of grace. The teachings of
the Lord will go : forth in the words of your
beloved pastor. May it be a means of grace
to you and let it be the dearest spot in your
hearts. Teach your children to love this
church and keep its ' floors open for all time.
Teach your children that it is God's home and
.„ '' ls a house of worship and tho house
or Goa. ¦ . . —
NEW, HOUSE OF WORSHIP AND THE PASTOR OF HOLT REDEEMER
PARISH; ALSO SCENES DURING AND AFTER THE DEDICATION OF
THE SACRED EDIFICE. .
Twelve Lives Lost in a Fire.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 12.— A fire In a wood
en house here resulted In the death of
twelve persons and the severe burning of
twenty more.
The' secretary's report showed receipts
of $8755 03 j and expenditures of $8343 92,
leaving a cash balance of J411 11. The to
tal legacies received amounted to $1370. (
The election. of directors for the ensuing
year resulted in the choice of the follow
ing named: • Mrs. M. Kaskell. Miss A.
Levy, S. Polack. P. Abrahamson, P. Fa
bian, I. Mass, E. E. Kahn, H. Olcovlch
and M. Levy. .
The secretary reported that the Fried
man bequest of- $250,000 was in litigation,
which- could only be settled after- many
years, .as many claimants for theestate
had appeared. . If necessary an attorney
will be sent to Europe to present the so
ciety's claim. . ". ' ....
The board of directors of the Hebrew
Home for Aged and Disabled held its
annual meeting yesterday in the home, at
507 Lombard street. The reports of the
various officers showed that the society
is in a prosperous condition. Samuel Po
lacfc president of the association, pre
sided at the meeting. . .
The president's report showed that there
was an increased deposit in the savings
bank amounting to $654 37. The resources
of the association amount to $12,046 94, in
cluding money in bank. . Thirty-one mem
bers were lost during the year and twen
ty-five new members were enrolled, leav
ing a net membership of 601. There are
now seventeen inmates in the home.
Reports of Officers Show the Institu-
tion to Be in a Prosperous
Condition. .
HEBBEW HOME SOCIETY
•HOLDS ANNUAL MEETING
Until this social reform has been completed
It will never be possible for the whole race
of humanity to enjoy what is possible now for
but a few. The sooner the people, as a whole,
¦ waken to the fact that they are still slaves,
the eooner will this present system of govern
ment be changed and th» triumph of socialism
be complete.
Socialism exists to-day to install in the
rninds of the majority this situation of eco
nomics. The day is close by when the social
izing of all public wealth, as the public schools,
roads and posiofflces are now socialized will
complete the most radical change In the his
tory of civilization.
Thad S. Kitx. Socialist, spoke at Pythian
Castle last evening. He said in part:
Socialist Predicts Change.
• Michael J. Boland, an ex-soldier, living
at the International Hotel, was robbed of
$120 while asleep in his room about .10
o'clock Saturday night. . He \ had fallen
asleep with his clothes on and was awak
ened by some one pulling off his shoes. He
recognized the person as Tommy, Warren,
a messboy on the transport Kllpatrick. !
Boland had a short time before falling
asjeep put the money inside his shoes for
safety, an£ after being awakened -he dis
covered thai it was gone. .He accused
Warren of taking it and notified ; Police
man J. B. Cavanaugh, who arrested War
ren and booked him at the City Prison on
a charsre of grand larceny. None of the
MONEY STOLEN FROM
AN EX-SOLDIER'S SHOES
IN the presence of a vast congrega-
Uon the new Church of the Holy Re
deemer, situated on Eighteenth' and
Diamond streets, was dedicated yes
terday morning- by Archbishop Rlor
dan, assisted by a number of distinguished ¦
j priests of the Catholic church.
The hour of the dedication service was
j set for 10:30 a. m., but long before -that ¦
; time the sacred edifice was crowded to its I
; limits and the aisles were ocupied by doz-.
; ens who were unable to secure seats.
Rev. Father Joseph McQuald, the pastor
¦ of the new church, and bis assistant.
I Rev. Father Richard Collins, .were on
I hand to welcome the- Archbishop and those
j of the clergy who took part in the ser
vices, vrhile a corps of ushers conducted
the worshipers to seats In the pews.
The services commenced ¦ with a prelude
by the organ and concerted numbers : by
the double cboir, and the - procession of
priests was then formed.
Led by Father McQuaide. the procession
marched from the altar to the doors of
j the building, and then made the circuit
! of the aisles. . Following the pastor came
a number of acolytes, bearing lighted can
dles , and - tbe_ cruciform. Then came the
priests in. their vestments, preceding the
Archbishop, wearing the robes of his
office. •" > .
The priests in the procession were j
Fathers Cummings, HIckey, Clancey, Mas
citel, Crowley, Lagan, Cottle, Coyle, Mor
gan, Conley, Kennedy, Dempsey, Sulli
van. Doran and Collins. -,
After the circuit of the church had been
made ¦ and the Archbishop . had scattered
holy. water, the procession returned to the*
altar, where the candles were lighted.by
the pastor and his assistant. .
The dedicatory service, under the, su
! pervision of the Archbishop, was intoned
by Rev. 'Father Dempsey, the celebrant,
assisted by Rev. Father John Sullivan, the
deacon; Rev.Father J. Doran, sub-deacon,
and Rev. Father Collins, master of cere
monies, assisted by the organ and choir.
¦ ."; ; , Archbishop Delivers Sermon. .
Archbishop Riordan then, delivered the"""
dedicatory sermon, and. in part said:
Reverend Fathers and very dear, people: 'My
words this morning .are of congratulation to '
the beloved Dastor and the devoted ! flock of |
this church who have been able to erect this
commodious house of worship. A little over a
Tear a*o . I did not think I . would have the
great pleasure of dedicating and blessing this
ntw church to the glory of • God. I ' extend
my heartfelt thanks to the pastor and th«s peo-,
pie who have done their best and I hope that
God will bless you all In your ¦ work. The •.
church is large enough- for : many : years -to;'
come. Tlie Apostle St. John in his ; revelation >
in liiF solitary home saw of the' things to com*.
He saw that when persecution had passed away
and the church of God covered the whole world
the heavenly Jerusalem would come down from .
above to delight. the hearts of the people., He -
sav the Jersualem descending arrayed ' in the .
Kl-ry of a bride awaiting the bridegroom and '
h» heard the voice of God saying: "I. will make
rr>y dwelling place with men: I will erect my '
tabernacle among them; I will.be their God."
The heart of the apostle must - have filled ,
with Joy when he saw. the little Brain of seed
expanding. to fill the entire world.- He must'
have rejoiced at its beauty and grandeur, k '
McDonald said he was on his way home
when he met the two robbers. One of
them grabbed him by the throat and
threw him to the ground, while the other
went through his pockets, taking about
ii in coin. A key was found on the ground
where McDonald had been thrown, which
¦was identified by McDonald as belonging
to him, and It was booked as evidence
against Vaughan.
Samuel McDonald, a machinist, living
at 560 Howard street, was held up and
robbed by two men at the corner of Har
riet and Howard streets about 5 o'clock
yesterday morning. Policeman T. ~F.
Flynn beard cries of murder and hurried
to the scene. WTien the robbers saw him
coming he heard one of them say "Cheese
It," and they both started to run. Flynn
knocked one of them down with his club
and captured him, but the other escaped.
The man arrested gave his name as Ed
ward Vaughan, and after being taken to
the Emergency Hospital to have a lacer
ated wound in his scalp dressed wa3
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
robbery-
by a Policeman and
Arrested.
aiACHiirisT held up and
— ~v^ ROBSED^Y TWO MEN
One of the Footpads Kl^rsked Down
A thorough search of the house was
made and each inmate was questioned,
but no clew could be discovered as to the
whereabouts of the valise. Mendelson
called at police headquarters yesterday
afternoon and notified Captain Seymour,
giving a description of the valise and the
different articles of jewelry it contained.
He said he had always taken articles of
jewelry home for safety. It is supposed
some one had learned of his habit and
had entered the house during the night
and stolen the valise.
Adolph Mendelson. clerk in Reuben Men
delson's variety store, 1213 Market street,
carried a valise containing $300 worth of
jewelry from the store to his residence,
at 9 Hyde street, Saturday night. He
put the valise in his bedroom, and when
he awoke yesterday morning he found to
his amazement that it had disappeared.
Street Is Looted.
Adolph Mendelson's Boom on Hyde
LOSES VAXISE W1TM JEWELEY.
As soon as Mrs. Hecht entered her bed
room after leaving the dinner table she
discovered that some one had paid a visit
to th© room during her absence. The
•window was open, and • so ¦was her jewel
case, and her purse was gone. The North
End police station was at once notified
by telephone and Policeman Ottson was
Bent to the house to investigate, but he
could find no trace of the porch climber.
Yesterday morning Captain Seymour
took charge of the case and two of . his
best men were detailed on it. Officers on
beats in the Western Addition have re
ceived special • instructions from Chief
Wittman to keep a careful lookout for
the porch climber.
The porch climber has been again heard
from and the police are satisfied that he
is no novice at the business. He operates
¦when the family is at dinner and there is
very little chance of detection. Between
6:30 and 8 o'clock Saturday night he
climbed the porch at the residence of
Isaac Hecht, 1998 Jackson street, while
the family was at dinner, and effected an
entrance to the house by a window in the
second story-
The bedrooms were thoroughly searched
and the bold burglar succeeded in gath
ering together ana taking away with him
jewelry belonging to Mrs. He.cht of the
value of J750 and $29 in gold and silver
coin. The Jewelry consists of a lady's
hunting-ca.se watch, valued at $150; gold
chain with pearls, valued at $100. and a
star pin. surrounded with diamonds and
sapphires, and earrings to match, valued
at $500.
. General M. X. Muller. General S. F. A. Cast
and General L. F. Barrere, representing th»
National Guard; Colonel F. B. Beck and Colonel
J.'S. Young, representing the Governor's staff;
Secretary of State Charles F. Curry, represent
ing the State officials; C. H. Parmenter. repre
senting the Veteran Guards; Colonel T. A.
Nerncy; representing the- Naval Battalion:
Colonel J. • B. - Fuller. George W. Herr. , Colonel
"W. R. .Sntedberg and Coloner Georgo Stone,
representing the Grand Army of the Republic,
the Loyal . Legion and the Army and Navy
League. -
As the body of General Seamans was
borne through the Presidio gates a can
non salute was fired at Black Point. The
widow of the late general and his daugh
ter and grandchildren accompanied the
remains to their last resting place. A
short prayer, three volleys from a firing
squad from Battery D, National Guard
artillery, and the sounding of taps on the
bugle comprised the simple services held
at the grave. '-
| The floral offerings from the lat© gen
eral's many friends . were . strewn about
the grave. The set pieces, which were
works of beauty,' were bunched together
by skillful hands, making a striking . dis
play. On the mound lay wreaths of myr
tle and violets, and near by there was a
beautiful ladder of violets and carnations.
Near the ladder there rested a pretty
shield of red; '.white and blue flowers. A.
cross-swords with the floral inscription
"Mustered Out" -was another pretty set
piece. . . • '.•¦'-
The honorary pallbearers were as fol
lows: . . 2 ¦: -;¦ .
Cannon Sound Requiem.
The casket was carried on a gun caisson
covered j with . flowers and mourning em
blems and drawn by six black horses. On
each side of the caisson walked the pall
bearers, from the National • Guard and
Naval Reserve. The casket was draped
in ' an - American flag,- smothered with
wreaths and violets. Behind the casket
walked a lone black horse, the one Adju
tant General Seamans always rode.' Two
boots were turned backward In the stir
rups, to signify that the former rider had
departed to' the . beyond. About twenty
five; carriages bearing the near relatives
and friends \ of the deceased ended the
funeral cortege. Quite a large crowd lined
up along Golden Gate avenue to see the
funeral procession pass. _
The First Regiment, National Guard of
California, under command > of Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neill, headed by the full reg
imental band, marched next, and behind
them followed the artillery band and the
National Guard artillery and signal corps.
The Naval Reserve and their band filed
along In front of about thirty or forty
Civil "War veterans, and then came four
carriages with the honorary pallbearers. -
Troop A, National - Guard cavalry, un
der command of Major Smith, led the
funeral procession: Lieutenant Birdsall.
accompanied by, a platoon of jjolice, - came
next . in line, - and was followed ¦ by the
members of the Governor's ' staff, staff
officers of the National Guard and State
officials. .'. ¦ ¦¦-:-.
Beautiful Flowers on Caisson.
Before starting from the armory on the
long march ; to the Presidio cemetery-im
pressive funeral ceremonies were held un
der the auspices of George - H. Thomas
Post, Grand: 'Army of the Republic.
Colonel Roberta of Thomas Post conduct
ed the services and delivered the eulogy.
He praised the/various acts, of valor and
kindness that he had known 'General Sea
mans to 'have performed during:hls life.
General Roberts' funeral address was both
eloquent and touching. . A - prayer_ closed
the services at the armory, and the
funeral started toward the Presidio about
10:30 a. m. ¦ •¦ .-¦ ' ¦ • . ¦.¦ ¦ * -.: ; r
It was one of - the * biggest • military
funerals ; that has been- seen" in this, city
for years. • At the grave there were fully
1000 people, and there were that, many
more members of the, National Guard,
Naval Reserve, Grand Army men, State
officials,'! including Governor Gage, and
friends and relatives of the deceased who
followed. the body to the grave. .,
The funeral cortege formed at the Na
tional Guard armory, > corner of Page and
Gough streets, where the remains of tho
late general lay in state.
With impressive military rites the body
of the late Brigadier General "William H.
Beamans, adjutant general of the State of
California, was laid; away in its last rest-
Ing place yesterday in the national ceme
tery at the Presidio. •
Departs With a Lot of Valu
able- Jewelry and a
Purs 9. ,«£»¦:
Funeral Is One of the Biggest
Ever Seen in This
City.
Enters the Residence of
Isaac Hecht on Jack
son Street.
Presidio.
Burial of Late General
Seamans r at -the ,"
CANNON SOUND
HIS REQUIEM
PORCH CLIMBER
MAKES A CALL
THE SAN, FR^NClSQOyCJALL, MONDAY, JA^U^RY 13, 1902.
Vast Congregation Witnesses arnpressiyei Services; and Listens tp
Words of Wisdom From ¦-; Distinguished'; Prelate; -Who, Assisted
by Many Priests, Conducts^Openingofv'New: House of Worship
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN DEDICATES
CHURCH OF THE HOLY REDEEMER
10
80LDBIBO, BOWXlf ft CO'B 8FECTAL BAYTSQ SALS
\^| r THE PURE \^JP
GRAIN COFFEE
Some people can't drink coffee ;
.everybody can drink Grain-O.' It _-
; looks and tastes like coff ee, ; but it
¦ <l is ¦; made"; from pure grains. No '
' coffee in it: 1 ,' ; • ¦' ~ , . '¦• '.-.-
\ ; ' Gr^ in :9 • I s chea P e r than coffee ;
costs about one-quarter as much.'
All grocers ; 15c. and 25c.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
•k S § s
Fresh laid— selected stock doz 30C
Ferris b a c o n
Cooks crisp— sweet— nutty— nr\r
reg'ly MMclb, a;, ? OC
Tea
Uniform quality— unexcelled at a n r
this price— reg'ly 50c lb * c
Canned fru ut
Alcalde— in heavy syrap—
all but cherries and berries— 7 for COC
reg'ly 20c— 2K lb can , J
Chutney
Genuine Indian condiment — nint tnc
world famous relish— P 3
reg'ly 4oc^-6oc bottle quart 50c
.gC o f f e e
Crescent blend — pure and good— 20c
reg'ly 25c lb— ground or roast
A 1 k e t h r e p t a
The best properties of chocolate— 2 nc
reg'ly 25c can .
R o y an s
Sardines with truffle and ';¦
pickle— ever try them? 2 for, 25c
reg'ly 15c can
B o u i 1 1 o n
Makes wholesome beef tea— 2 CC
reg'ly 30c box of ten . $
Preserved ginger
Crosse & Blackwell— white o 0 c
porcelain jars— reg'ly 35c . y .
Che e s e
Club House-^rich old cheese— « oc
paste form— reg'ly 35c jar «*
C r a n b erri e s-
Cape Cod—. % gallon 25c
F i g s
Caiifomia— white layer — . il p - r _
reg'ly ioc lb 4 lbs 25c
B u c k w h eat
Just arrived from Pennsylvania— - 6 OC
reg'ty' 75c— 10 lb sack
To m a to c a t s u p
Made frbm best ingredients- '„ £__ rnr .
reg'ly 20c bottle , 3 XoT S oc
R i'e s 1 in g
Mountain vineyard— rich fruity fL rn
¦ wine— dilute if necessary — ° 5
reg'ly $1 gallon %
M a; 1 Xk '-w. h i sky
" Wm Penn— reg'iy $1 - bottle : n rr
Duffy' ;;:** 85c " 75 C
Rye . w h is k y-;
¦' Old Mellow— rr-Jii
reg'ly $1 ¦bottle-S.i gallon _____ / jt *\>
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CO
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
MXJjJjLk) dllll
1/JIjjul) uUUUl)
1500 Bards NOVELTY SILKS, Including Bro-
caded \ .WaPD Print Effects, Fancu Striped
Satins, Dresden Taffeta Satin, Striped Louls-
ine] Heavu Bauadere Corded Effects, Two-
Toned Brocaded Duchesse Satin and Plaid
Taffetas, These silks were formerlu $2.50,
$2,25, $2.00 and $1.75 Der uard. The entire
lot reduced to 75c and $1.00 pep yard.
125 NOVELTY dress PATTERNS of fine im-
ported French and English goods, loth staple
andfaticu colorings. These goods were sold
hu us at $9,00, $12.00 and $15.00 the pattern.
The prices now to close the lot will le $3.00
and $6.00 the Dress Pattern.
For the next two weeks we will haYe ou? Seml-
Annual Sale of. HOUSfeKEEPING LINENS, We
will offer large Quantities of Towels, Crashes,
Table Cloths, Napkins and all classes of Linen
Goods at yeru low prices.
Ill, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
aoxDBiitg. bowbt u cy a btzcial axrxsa bum
Port wine
California— private stock—: for
reg'ly 75c bottle—
$2 50 gallon - $2
Evcrard beer
Canadian malt lager— cints Si it
mild— pleasant— r _* ""
reg'ly %\ 55 and $2 35 doz quarts 210
New York cider
Pure Long Island apple pints i I 80
juice— regMy $225— *-+-"
$325 dozen quarts 3
Talcum powder
Colgate — purified — antiseptic— I re
violet odor — reg'ly aoc can <3
Send for cataloguer-fret
A32 Pino 232 Sutler 2S0O CaRfofnta
. San Fmnctseo
Thirteenth and Clay Streets, OsJdand
Geo. H. Fuller Desk
z^.ZEBP^ lTr^|^l Co.
REMOVAL SALE.
-J^ er o«r immense stock oi OF*
FtCTE PUBNITimE at peatly reduced
prices during next 30 DAYS.
638-640 Mission Streets
rr Makes eye-glasses andT
spectacles to order at moder-
ate cost. Expert mechanics
to do the work.
For other eye troubles
consult your oculist.
I " 642 Market- St..
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. A. McDonald,
813 FOLSO1I STREET.
Ban Francisco Gas Coka for sala to famQlea
«ad to th? trade at reduced rates.
M.MCNI3LTY:
This Well-known aih> rkliable old
I SpecUIUtcure*Blood Poison, Oonorrhcea.Ole*-*,
' A^iHJr* Sel "*'»»l Weakness. Impotence and tbel*
allied DLtorders. Hook on Diseases ol Men. frais
: P7« r , a) .7 e » rs >*Pertence. Terms reasonable. Hour>,
9to3flaily;«:30to?.:«»>v f Ks.: Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul.
tatlon free and sacredly confldendaL Call oraddreM
P. AOSCOE McXCLTY, 31. D.
2OH Kcarny S»u Han Jt'r*ncisco, C»J.
The Perfected
American Shoe,
Is tlie highest attainment
or shoe construction, and
the growing demand fop
It all over the world
proves Its superiority
heuond all question, It
is the most satlsfactoru
shoe In eyern particular
forever^ occasion.
$"J Rfl A pair...
jaUU
Sizes 1 to 9; widths AAA
to EE.
Onlu to he had at
5OTlurd_St
| . Sen FrancUco.
6ECQND SHOE J5TORE FROM
MARKET STREET.
> ,- Mall orders speciallu
solicited and promptlu
\ filled.
LDVEB.T1SEMETXTS.