VOLUME XCI.— NO p8.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 27,;i9O2.
THE police have been informed that the murderers of Offi cer Robinson — Henderson, the wounded robber; "Kid" Goucher and "Brownie"— -intended to liberate two of their "pals" who are confined in the County Jail
at the cost, if necessary, of the lives of the prison guards. The plot was exposed by Stage Robber Ivers, who overneaid the details of.their daring scheme. Ivers was taken sick the day following the exposure of the
plot and an examination revealed that poison had been placed in 1 his. coffee, if is thought by members of the gang of assassins. . Goucher^ and '"Brownie" are still at Jarge, but the police are close upon them and con
fidently expect to arrest them before manv hours. * . ; :
:; Friday, evening Mrs. Darling was called
down- to wxiTand called" to'Stevehs, who was
down stairs, " to remain : In ; the j building
until her return." In" the top drawer of her
dresser she left $345 in gold and' jewels
valued at over $9000. A friend who accom
panied her remarked tb at the valuables
were rather Insecure, but Mrs. Darling
stated that she was in the habit of being
Continued on Pag© Two,
. Continued on Page Two.
PARIS. Jan., 26.— A representative of
the press to-day saw Miss Sybil Sander
son in connection with the "statement
that her engagement to marry v Count
Henri de Fitz-James Jhadl been broker*
off.", ' "While Miss -Sanderson confirmed
this news, she refused to give any rea
sons therefor, and added that any. state
ment of her reasons which may be pub
lished could only be unauthorized, un
true and unjust to both Count Fltz- James
and herself. Count de Fltz-Jamea re>
luaed to be seen, . . ... .. . .
the Truth of the Reported
Estrangement. -
Sybil ; Sanderson Simply Announces
GIVES NO. REASONS FOR
BREAKING ENGAGEMENT
After. the- big elk had finished his sav
age deed he pawed and tore the ground
of the inclosure, snorting 1 for hours, an
ugly spectacle, covered with blood and
flashing madness from his eyes. None could
approach within a few feet of the high
rail and barbed wire fence without draw
ing a mad chargefrom the beast, which
was in a furious rage. Its companions in
the herd were affected by the monster's
rage and made the park ring with their
snorts of savage anger.
Probably Suffering From Fever.
That the big elk should have eo' sudden
ly returned to its wild state after many
years in captivity 'was as much of a* sur
prise' to the'park managers and employes
as the fact that the beast should have at
tacked ; young "' Furtado. who for .: many
months has been accustomed to go'among
the herd as if they were so many Jersey
kirle. The reasons ascribed by the broth
er : are two— first, he thinks ; that the bull
was fretting because of the' season of 'the
year.' Amdnth from now the antlers will
drop, and the elk was probably suffering
from ; fever : and itching about < the head.
The body was borne to a-«lubhouse. Dr.
G. H. Llliencrantz was called : out from
Oakland, but after examination' he could
only say that nothing could be done.' Later
during the day the Coroner- was sum
moned and he took charge of the remains.
Catching the boy up in his arms, Fur
tado could only hear' the ' last "gasp ¦> as
death relieved the youth's sufferings.
"The elks are. killing a man!" was the
cry that startled both men. . Toward the
paddock rushed Furtado. grabbing a
pitchfork as he ran. Arriving' at the
fence his- eyes caught a glimpse of the
mangled body lying near by.. Not know-
Ing that It was that of his own '. brother,
the -foreman rushed over to the- form.
y'Uy God, It's Frank!" he cried, as he
recognized the Jimp body.
The Spencer boy had flea upon the ap
proach of the elk, and he escaped injury.
As he was making his way across the
park crying for assistance the brother of
the slain boy, who is foreman of the
grounds, was summoned, by another
youth, who had seen the savage attack
from outside the grounds. The older
brother -was then In conversation with
Manager Havens of the Realty Syndicate,
which owns the park. -'¦'- ;' ': ~\
YOUTH WHO "WAS KILLED. HIS BROTHER AND THE BULL ELK
WHICH AROUSED TO SUDDEN SAVAGERY IMPALED ITS VICTIM
ON ITS PRONGS AND DASHED HIM OVER A FENCE.
. Stevens had disappeared. "When Ryan
searched . the gymnasium - he found that
the man had taken all of his property ex
cept one photograph which^he overlooked
in his -flight. The. man whom the police
believe to be his companion in both I crime
and flight is Sanchez, who came from the
East- with him and. .who, since the time
<both, men were, discharged from -the iron
.works, ; has ¦. made " his rendezvous , at a
cigar, stand ' on O'Farrel street. The plot
for the', daring /robbery." the detectives
say. .was probably made .last Thursday
night, when, Stevens sent a note to San
chez -telling : him to ; come to the gymna
¦ slum immediatelyl On the following: night
the crime was done and neither man has
been seen ¦ since. ".
•- Detective-Ryan believes -that* Stevens
About noon on the following day Mrs.
Darling had occasion to go to the drawer
in. which she kept her coin and precious
stones and. was amazed at finding that the
compartment had been looted and that
nothing but a small watch and breastpin
remained. ; Excitedly she rushed through
the house, and. her cries brought several
neighbors to! tho scene. Then the police
were , notified j and j Detective Tom Ryan
placed pn.-the. trail. of 'the thieves. .
Finds Jewels Missing.
careless.. That evening shortly after 10
o'clock Mrs. Darling returned. She. found
that a door leading to the gymnasium and
another opening Into her 'own apartments
were! open. -She was - positive she had
locked them both before leaving:, but
thought she might have' been mistaken
and let the matter slip from her mind.
lawyer never got-.the' money.
Last; Monday Mrs. .Darling requested
Stevens to move, and -he promised to dtf
eo on i the. first day of next month. •* Her
dislike of him '.was first (caused 'when on
last Thanksgiving .day . she missed a : key,
to the front door "of the ; house and accused;
him. of having;; stolen it. .She. also , found
thatra pet dog whichrshe. supposed'. had
been lost was concealed v i n ','¦ a .. locker in.
Stevens',; gymnasium, .while tthe , man'jwas
apparently^ searching for It and: trying to
Induce her to. offer, a* reward. Again; last
Thursday) she says, she sent'Steveris .with
$50 to :Atto"rney. Bert : Schlesinger,» but the
Requests Stevens to Move.
Stevens purchased the gymnasium about
two months ago. He came in company
with Sanchez to.this city, from New York
at; the* solicitation ¦ of f the Union-Iron
Works, to 'fill" the positions' of machinists
whe were out. on a He was em
ployed at the Iron works t for three months
and was then ..discharged -.for .incompe
tency. .Then he took. the" gymnasium,- but
found it without" profit, Mrs. Darling
learned of his straightened circumstances,
befriended- him and employed' him- to do
various-. chores* ab<?ut house. ..'While
serving the woman ln'this capacity he be
came acquainted with the hiding place of
her money and. jewelry. ..-.. .
en route to '.th« East with their. plunder.
Suspicion falls" on John Stevens, who con
ducted a gymnasium in the basement of
Mrs. Darling's fiat, and an accomplice^
who is thought to be Raymond ; Sanchez!
formerly employed at' r the- Union Iron
Works. ¦ , ' • *
Swift and Terrible. Work.
It was all over In a very, few seconds.
In the dead boy's hands was clutched
the big pitchfork, drenched with bldod.
with -which he had tried to defend him
self when the huge beast made its sudden
attack-
The horrible affair occurred In the
elks* Indosure at the park, where five
of the big animals form one of the at
tractions of that suburban pleasure
ground at Oakland. The lad who met the
awful mangling had gone into the cor
ral to feed the herd, a duty he had per
formed for ft year, until about three
months ago. 'With him was Leslie Spen
cer, 14 years old. who was assisting Fur
tado to carry the hay and grain that
formed the daily food of the penned ani
mals. Barely had the lads entered the
gate when the monster bull that Is the
chief of the herd tore down, snorting
end frothing., upon the older youth. He
hadn't a chance to move before the sharp
prongs had pierced his body. -
With the blood from the wounds
streaming down over %he elk's antlers
end head the furious bull elk. with tre
mendous strength, raised the impaled lad
and with h!s burden, charged in j rage
around the Snclosure, foaming with mad
ness and toesing the helpless form like a
feather. For several minutes this horri
fying exhibition lasted. Then with a
mighty swing of his antlered head the
savage brute pitched its unconscious and
djinp human victim high Into the air
and over the rail fence. The mangled
youth fell outside the inclosure, there to
die in the arms of his brother. Joseph
Furtado. who had come just in time to
•witness the sicht.
• overtook Frank Furtado, 18 years
told, a keeper at Piedmont Springs
Park. Oakland, yesterday.
IMPALED on the horns of a mad
dened elk and borne aloft around
a paddock on the sharp prongs,
"• then hurled, dying, over a ten-foot
" fence, was the terrible fate that
Mrs. Darling was formerly an actress.
She was married some years ago to Frank
Berry of Fresno, but was divorced. She
Is quite well-to-do and receives an income
from an estate in New York.
Sanchez is 21 years of age, five feet nine
Inches In height and weighs 150 pounds.
He has dark complexion, dark hair and
dark eyes. His face Is smooth and he has
high cheek bones. He was dubbed "the
Cuban," and was known by that name.
Was Dubbed "The Cuban."
. Stevens is about 27 years of age. about
five feet six Inches in height, weighs 173
pounds and stout in build. His complexion
is dark, as is his hair, and his face 14
round and smooth. He is thought to
have negro blood In his veins, although
he claims to be of Jewish descent. One
of his front teeth is missing and one of
his thumbs has been amputated at the
Joint. . j.v.\.
Among the jewels taken was a diamond
sunburst valued at $1200, a diamond lizard
purchased for the same amount, a pair of
diamond earrings valued at $2500, several
rings and seven unset but valuable
stones'. • . ' •
has been awaiting an opportunity to gain
possession of the stones and money since
the day he is supposed to have stolen the
key to the house. When Mrs. Darling:
asked him to vacate the premises last
Monday the police believe he realized the
opportunity for theft was slipping: from
him. Calling Sanchez Into the job, he de
termined to- make the haul Friday night,
and fortune favored them. Mrs. Darling
left the house and they were free to steal
without interruption.
, PRINCIPALS AND INCIDENTS IN
BIG DIAMOND ROBBERY. ON
WHICH POLICE ARE WORKING.
Frank Furtado, 18 years of Age, Goes Into Paddock at Piedmont
Springs to Feed Herd That Had Been His Pets and Monster
Male, With Sudden Savagery, Impales Him on Its Prongs
Res dence of Mrs. Elizabeth Darling Looted During Her Absence
ancl Po ice Search for Two Men Who Are Supposed to Have
Secured the Plunder and Started With It for Other Climes
Prisoner Exposes
the Plot of
TJuigs.
: '«•. DIAMOND robbery, .cleverly
¦ JWk planned and executed by two
'/¦Jgk- men, is, claiming the attention
of the best defectives In the
"^^ city. Some time during Fri-
day night jewels and coin val
ued at about 510,000 were taken from the
flat of Mrs. Elizabeth Darling, at 913 Eddy
street, and the thieves are supposed to-be
Murderers of Officer
Seek to Rescue
"Pals."-
Guards' Lives to Hare Been
Taken if They Offered
Resistance.
Had it not been for Stage Robber Ivers,
who is confined in the County "Jail, three
of the : criminals ; who shot '. ,and ., killed
Police-Officer Robinson would have. made
a desperate attempt: to: liberate two of
their imprisoned, companions,*' who are
locked Hip- in llie"aa,5iej,i;nRtU::^ohrfor,rob-_.
ber'y amT " burglary.' ''V. -.* *'" V. ' J , '**~%~T
In event any. opposition was offered it
was.' the Intention of the would-be res
cuers to shoot the' turnkey and the depu
ties who were <Iri charge of the jail.
The desperate plan failed through Ivers,
who managed to learn enough of their
conversation to satisfy him that ¦ murder
was Intended in order to liberate the two
crooks. . ;..-'-. '.
As he had been treated kindly by the
men In fcharge of the jail the stage rob
ber, .after thinking over the. matter, re
solved to inform one of the deputies of
what he had heard.' . .
He said the two men whom the blood
thirsty trio were anxious to liberate were
"Kid" 'Williams, a noted crook, and Wil
liam Gallie, who is known as a hardened
criminal. .
Were Members of the Gang.
Both prisoners, the police claim, are
members of the gang of which Henderson,
who is supposed to have shot the«pollce
•officer, was the ringleader. Shortly after
they were sent to the County Jail they
were visited by Henderson, "Kid" Goucher
and "Brownie." Realizing that they were
"up against it," as' "Brownie" expressed
it, he suggested that they make an at
tempt.to liberate them. Their ->lan was
for Goucher to visit the jail at a certain
hour and call for Williamr. While he was
conversing with him it was agreed that
"Brownie" and Henderson shoud appear
and seek the privilege of * speaking to
Gallie. After being admitted, they were
to overpower the turnkey, and', after cov
ering the guards with their pistols, llber^
ate the two men. It was clearly under
stood that in case the guards'showed fight'
they were to be shot down.
While the murderous criminals were dis
cussing the: details of the scheme, Ivers,
"who happened to hear enough, to convince
him that a desperate attempt was' to be
made to liberate Willlams'and Gallie, no
tified the. officer in charee. , , :
Extra Precautions Taken. *
As soon. as the matter was reported to
Chief Jailer Frank Cornyn he ordered
that an extra guard be stationed in the
jail. The deputies; were told ' L to have
their pistols: in] readiness to circumvent
any attempt to ¦ liberate Williams:, and
Gallic The night the threatened jail de
livery was to ' have; occurred Goucher
showed up at thejail.^but evidently Real
izing from the conduct of the guards
that the plot had been discovered, he
promptly withdrew. "Brownie" and
Henderson Were waiting outside and|were
considerably disappointed on learning
from the "Kid" that the guards had an
ticipated; their visit and were ready to
give them battle. With curses for Ivers,
whom they, suspected of informing the
chief jailer of their plot, they walked
up Broadway and soon disappeared. '
The following day Ivers was taken, ser
iously 111 'after drinking a cup of coffee.
As he exhibited symptoms of \ poisoning
the " City Physician' was summoned ; and
with the - aid of a stomach pump he re
lieved - him of a quantity of '. "yen sheeV
—the refuse of opium after it Is smoked.
Poisoned by the Gang.
; Ivers', claimed that after drinking a cup
of coffee he felt sick, and realizing he had
been poisoned he concluded that the gang
had attempted to murder him on account
SCHEME
TO FREE
THIEVES
SHALL FORTUNE IN DI AMONDS
AND JEWESS IS STOLEN FROM
CASE BY TWO DARING THIEVES
MADDENED BULL ELK GORES
YOUTH AND HURLS HIM, DYING,
OVER A FENCE TEN FEET HIGH
DESPERATE IN THEIR CARNIVAL OF CRIME,
ASSASSINS PLOT TO UNBOLT PRISON DOORS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Continued Prom Page One.
ELK GORES YOUNG MAN TO DEATH
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The Umbrla, ar
riving to-day, reports wireless telegraph
communication ' with her eastward-bound
consort the- Etrurla. began In mid
ocean, when the vessels were thirty-two
miles distant from each other, and ended
four hours later, when the ships were 125
miles* apart. "
:¦ Churning her way along the northern
steamship lane of the southern route, the
Umbrla on Wednesday forenoon began
calling for her sister. That was at twenty
minutes to the noon hour. From behind
the southern horizon came back the an
swer, and then the query, "Where are
you?" Captain Dutton was engaged in
working out his own position. When he
had determined his bearings the latitude
and longitude were signaled to the Etru
rla, which replied with her own position,
which -showed that the two vessels were
but, thIrty T two miles apart, the Etruria
directly south of the UmbrJa, but, of
course, not .visible. Intermittent ex
changes of messages, between the vessels
were kept until 3:40 o'clock, at which time
the ships were 125 miles distant from each
other.' . ' ¦ ¦ - . * -. .
.?.?»»• •'• • • • •"• . . . 1 . . .' ...
Sister Vessels -on the Atlantic Com
municate by "Wireless Telegraph. -
LINERS EXCHANGE CALLS.
Thompson has started, from Dawson
for Ottawa with credentials .'from promi
nent citizens who are officials of -the
Yukon territory.. His object is ¦ tc obtain
official recognition and He- will
then go to New York to make a complete
study of wireless telegraphy In the- fagr.
tory.and laboratory of Marconi. . He ex
pects to return to Dawson by July rf ully
equipped- for the work. His. Dawson
backers offer putr $50,000 into . the
project. : ¦.• - . - .:: - '; :'-•¦¦ . :-- ¦
I The; first stations are; to' be. erected be?
tween the "_White Horse and Dawson; : If
successful . the system., will ,be.J. extended.",
to the Stewart Klver, Forty Mile, Eagle,
Koyukuk and other districts." r . , '
By means /of Marconi's apparatus . at
tached to^nigh signal . towers It Is .be
lieved that theimportant events of each
camp : can - be flashed 3 back : and forth
dany to other districts. News; of new
strikes could then be acted upon without
delay...: ", . • , ••¦¦'•-..: ;
TACOMA, Wash., : Jan. 26.— W. F.
Thompson Is being, backed by \ Dawson.
capitalists;- in_ a- project ¦ to 'establish ¦¦'. a
wireless ] "telegraph: system.;' up; and f down
the Yukon' and Its tributaries. . • •':¦' '-~'i\<
Eseclal Dispatch to -The Call.
Capitalists at Arctic Metrdp
olis Offer Necessary ;.
Funds.
Marconi System Will Be
Put in Operation in
Alaska^
DAWSON WANTS
WIRELESS NEWS
WEDDING VOWS
BY PHONOGRAPH
HAWAIIAN PLANTER > WHO
WILL SUCCEED SANFORD B.
DOLE AS GOVERNOR. : -
The way Salva-cea cures Piles! •.-
A new trolley; line between New York
and Connecticut promises a regular run of
rtrty: miles > aa howr ,out»i«« \i tb™city
Lysons carried out his instructions care
fully.. While preparing the. book for ship
ment - by express . his -~ daughter, t Zuma,'
' playfully placed - between its leaves a
small photograph; of herself, ; bearing her
name. - She was much surprised last week
to receive a , pair - of- slippers from ;¦ Mrs. ,
McKinley,. together with Mrs. McKinley's
card, on which was written : - "Little Zu
i ma s.mcture is very hiehly anoreciated." -
TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 26.— Mrs. McKIn
ley, wiow of the late ] President, has sent
a pair>of: embroidered t knit % slippers to
little Zuma Lysons, aged 6 years, daugh
ter of- J.-.W. Lysons of-Port Townsend;
who was | Customs Inspector, at St.; Mich
ael'last summer. - Lysons ¦ was secretary
of a largely attended, meeting held at St.
Michael in October to adopt resolutions of
sympathy upon President McKinley's
death. Nearly : $200 was raised, and
placed in -his hands to have - resolutions
suitably - engrossed on parchment .... and
bound in book form "between ' iflorocco
covers. I "- " , = ¦
Widow of the Late President Sends
Slippers to Port Townsend
V GirL-' -
MRS. McKINXET'S - QIFT .V
DELIGHTS A LITTLE CHILD
A lone footpad was operating in the ten
derloin district early yesterday morning,
and one of his victims was Samuel
Palmer, an employe of McGinn Bros., un
dertakers, 226 McAllister street.
Palmer lives en California street, and
shortly before 4 o'clock he got a «all from
the office by : telephone to attend "to -a
case. • He left his house to walk to the
Pacific Carriage Company's office, at Sut
ter and Kearny streets, to hire a hack."
He had his overcoat and undercoat but
toned and wa's walking with his hands in
his overcoat pockets on.Dupont street, a
few. yards from Pine, when a tall man
stepped out of a doorway in front of him
and presenting a revolver at hla head
said, "Hands up, pal."
Palmer looked into the muzzle of the
revolver, which had assumed an abnormal
size, and promptly threw -up his hands
The footpad, covering him- with the re
volver with his right hand, deftly unbut
toned his overcoat and undercoat with his
left and went through: his pockets. ; He
got S2 in silver from one pocket and
grufHy said. "Dig up your gold; that' Isn't
enough." Palmer replied that there was
a $5 gold piece In another pocket, which
the footpad soon appropriated. The rob
ber then • pulled out Palmer's watch, a
cheap article, and remarked. "That's no
good.. JCqw. sneak.'.'. Palmer .obeyed with
out a murmur.
I
LONE FOOTPAD OPERATES.
;¦ PORT.TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 26.—
-The ,fl»st boat from; down the Straits for
two days arrived to-day and. reports Fri
day's , storm as doing much damage at
small towns and-, to farms. At Port An
geles a boat house was carried away, and
one or two small wharves were wrecked.
G. M. Lauridsen lost considerable ; prop
erty - and in an effort to save his : goods
had both legs broken. The PorfAngele3
water supply is cut. off on account of the
water works being frozen. -
> "According to reports . from Smiths - Isl
and, the stranded schooner Minnie " A."
Gains will soon be floated. Captain ; Klit
gerd, who has charge of the works, says
that the vessel will be * floated in ¦ ten
days. .¦¦•-' - — - .•-..._¦ -
s Twelve of her. iron frames were broken
and .cracked, her. "deck" beams opening
and 'some of her plates: are bent and
Indented. The Roanoke had three or
four -frames broken or'injured ' and sev
eral'plates bent and; sprung. A regular
survey of the vessel' will be made Mon
day, .Manager. Snowden of - the I North
American j ¦ Transportation and Trading
Company, which Owns the Roanoke says,
and until then: the 'full extent of her in
juries willrnot oe.known.' - •
The Oregon is owned by S. G. Simpson.
For . several' weeks she and ; the Roanoke
have been In company at Moran's, under
going extensive repairs. They. lay along
side-of each 'other, and the great force
of the* wind- and seas brought the ships
together. :. Here .they lay throughout the
storm, pounding, away, .and at times
with appalling force. Under, the circum
stances they- could not be separated.
.Their officers and crews, it is claimed,
were ' powerless to do more than try - to
soften -the blows. '.-Bales'. of hay were
thrown between the. steamships to render
the 'clash as harmless as possible.
The Oregon is seriously disabled, as a
hasty informal survey; of ; the liner re-,
vealed, but the V\ Smith ¦ was totally
wrecked, although her entire loss does
not equal" a quarter "of "the damage done
to the steamship.-. While only a thorough
marine survey will reveal the full extent
of the damage, well Informed marine
men, estimate that, it> will take $20,000 to
place, the Oregon in as good condition as
she was before she ;and/ the Roanoke
came together. ..•" ¦ ' ,-\ ¦ . •
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 26.— The two
Nome* steamships, Oregon and Roanoko,
were engaged -to-day in a marine con
flict similar to that of the . steamers E.
D. Smith and Greyhound during the re
cent storm which put Seattle out : of
business, and with far more disastrous
consequences. . ;
Special Disuatch to The Call.
Northern Storm Causes
Immense Damage ¦ 4
to Vessels.
• • ¦ .¦¦¦-.¦"- -'.''.
held up and badly beaten last night on
the bay shore road while returning from
Butchertown to the Logan. Hotel at Hun
ters Point.* Two men accosted Nicholson,
and when . he ¦ made an outcry two -other
robbers came to the front and the 'four'
thugs stuffed a handkerchief In the throat
of their victim and beat him about' the
head until he lost his senses. They rob
bed him of J20 and a watch and left him
lying helpless on the road. : - ¦
: Assistant Attorney General Post can
not at this time state how long it will
take him and his associates to introduce
tneir testimony in rebuttal, but^estimafes
that If nothing unforeseen occurs he" can
end the case for the people within a
week after the defense announces Its case
closed.
ALTURAS, Jan. 26.— The Modoc me
tropolis tias* had a period of comparative
quiet to-day, : which was - in delightful
contrast /with the stern alarms of the
last week... The. witnesses and the law
yers in the lynching "case have apparent
ly Exhausted themselves, ;and it is pre
dicted , that: they.- will not hereafter live
quite as ""streuously as has been* their
wont. . Still, Mr.; Raker may continue to
enliven the proceedings.
"How! long will the trial last?" is the
question one hears every day, and it is
one very difficult to answer. The defense
says it will take two weeks more to in
troduce all its evidence in behalf of Jim
.Brown* the defendant, if everything runs
smoothly. The words "if everything runs
smoothly" carry with them much ground
for speculalon. If everything had run
smoothly In the past the case would
have, been in the hands of the jury long
ago..'. It is:now entering its tenth week.
If? '-there was the least spirit of .con;
ciliationi-on either side the fate of*' Jim
Brown shouT&Sbe decided within t^three
weeks, but there has, been so little * har*;
mony displayed by counsel In the past
that it'JS only, a natural deduction that
the j future holds . little hope for peaceful
anu more ' rapid progress.
¦Numerous* peacock feathers and ' high
sounding titles are granted to the highest
officials of the Chinese empire by a spe
cial decree issued in December by the
Chinese Emperor, acting under the direc
tion of the Empress Dowager. The Empe
ror states that, it is ~ found fitting to" re
ward those officers whose statesmanlike
conduct during the past two years has
preserved China to the throne. .<:>.
The chief honors conferred are the fol
lowing:. Grand Secretary Young Lu. -two- :
eyed peacock feather and brevet jj title . of
senior guardian of the heir, apparent;
Grand Secretary - Wang Wenshao." two
eyed peacock feather; Prince 'Ching. dou
ble pay and allowance's of a prince of the
first order; Liu Kunyi, brevet title of sen
ior guardian of the heir apparent; : Chang
Chitung and Yuan Shlakai, each a brevet
title^of junior guardian of the heir appa
rent. ¦•¦ Another imperial funeral sacrifice is
ordered in honor of the late Li s Hung
Chang.-. General Yin > Chang, Minister . to
Germany, is given a premier military bre
vet button. . . i :. ¦¦¦ . . ¦
The viceroys named have peremptorily
ordered the breaking off of negotiations
commenced by the late Viceroy Li Hung
Chang for the sale of the Pel .Yang naval
squadron to Russia. This squadron com
prises : five modern cruisers and several
torpedo boat destroyers v , and " torpedo'
boats. Russla.was to pay a sum much
less than their cost. Viceroy Liu declares
that "weak and poor as China is, she must
have a "good navy at all risks."- The vice
roys will : employ - American .arid ' British
naval officers to take charge of the Chi
nese navy. Tientsin will be made : the
naval and military headquarters. ¦ ¦.' ¦
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 26.— A group of
powerful Chinese officials, headed by Vice
roys Liu of Nanking and Yuan Shikai of
Chlhill, are taking steps to , reorganize
China's army and navy and place them,
on a modern footing.' Viceroy. Yuan Shikai
is raising a new army of 100,000 men which
is to be drilled by foreign army officers
and used solely in Chlhili and Shantung. '
SDeclal Dispatch to The Call.
that the companions -of Wade, alias Hen
derson, who are wanted for the murder of
Officer Robinson, --will soon be captured.
Yesterday many, detectives were busily
engaged in following, up^important clews,
and while, no Information was given out
et the Hall «f Justice- rtrwas learned that
"Kid" Goucher, and "Brownie," the two
men wanted, are thought to be not many
miles from -this city and that their cap
ture is a matter of a few hours only.
Ex-Senator Goucher of Mariposa ar
rived in the clty-^yesterday and called on
Captain of- Detectives Seymour. The ex-
Senator informed the decective captain
that he did not think that his son. Allen
Goucher, was the man wanted by the
police, but that he had no desire to ham
per the search for the missing man. Ex-
Senator Goucher stated that he would
make a personal . investigation before
accepting the statements that "Kid"
Goucher was his son.
The police searched yesterday for traces
of the whereabouts- of the woman Min
nie Randolph and her friend "Ida," who
£.re known to have been consorts of the
gang of thugs that lived Inr a : loSging
house on Turk street and who fled, soon
after the murder of Officer Robinson
The theory that "Kid" Goucher and
"Brownie" left this city on the steamship
Columbia for Astoria last Thursday night
was exploded last evening by the receipt
of a telegram from the northern town
The message stated that the steamship
had been carefully searched, but that no
trace of the two men was found.
That the city is still infested by des
perate robbers an<3 highwaymen, ) desplt«»
the severe sentences passed by the Su
perior Court Judges on convicted robbers
In the past week, was shown by two hold
up cases reported last night. .;
Earl Dcmmont and George Kelley. two
desperate characters, were captured earl v
yesterday morning by Officer Robel and
charged with having beaten and robbed
a soldier named James F. Murphy on
Union street during the previous night
Murphy visited the City Prison after he
was held up and gave a description < of
the highwaymen that led to the arrest of
Dummont and Kelley. Last night the
«)ldler positively Identified the two men
under arrest. They secured $60 in gold
and a gold watch and chain f»m. their
victim.
John Nicholson, a ship's carpenter, was
Every hope Is expressed by the police
HOPE TO CAPTURE MURDERESS.
SEAS DISABLE
TWO STEAMERS
Lawyers and Witnesses
Have Short Breath
ing Spell.
Russia Not Permitted to
~ Purchase. Naval
Squadron. ,
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— W. G. Nevin,
general ' manager of the Santa i Fe lines
west of Albuquerque, * died suddenly and
unexpectedly this morning after an in
terval of unconsciousness lasting thirty
minutes.- The Immediate cause of death
is, thought to have been paralysis of the
cariac nerves. Nevin retired 1 at an early
hour Saturday evening in the best of
spirits. This morning he was about to
rise, - when, - with a scarcely audible ar
ticulation he turned over on his side, ap
parently dead. Mrs. Nevin,- who/ was in
the room at the timer rushed to his side
and found him still breathing, but in a
comatose state. She hastily summoned
her son, and the two endeavored to re
suscitate the stricken man, but in vain.
Before the arrival of a -physician Nevin
died without regaining consciousness.
In January, 1901, Nevin partially lost
the. use of his right arm and upon con
sulting a physician found- that he was
suffering from what is called' "creeping
paralysis." He was advised to give up
aa active work and accordingly secured
a six months' leave of absence. While in
the East he consulted a number of emi
nent physicians and tried various meth
ods of treatment. \
After an absence of about three months
he returned to'Los Angeles, irreatly Im
proved in health. He resumed his duties
in the local headquarters of the Santa Fe,
and it was not until January 18, when he
was confined to his home by a slight at
tack of grippe, that he again absented
himself from his office. . His illness on
this occasion was not of a serious nature
and he declined medical aid, being ground
ed in a belief in Christian science. It is
understood that he. received treatment
from a practitioner of this faith. He im
proved rapidly and on the day before his
death had so far recovered as to dictate
a number of letters during the morning
and take a drive in the afternoon.
William G. Nevin was born in Philadel
phia in 1855. At the age of 16 he went to
Denver: and began his business career as
clerk In a mercantitle house. In 1876 he
entered the service of . the Philadelphia
and Reading Railway as a bill clerk. Two
years later he again wended his way
-westward and became Identified with the
construction department of the Santa Fe
lines in Kansas. ¦ In 1S30 he secured the
position of material agent of the Sono'ra
Railway, in. Mexico, land after six years*
residence in the southern republic he re
turned to Philadelphia, engaging in the
coal trade there. ,- ..,.--¦
In 1892 he sold out his business inter
ests in the Quaker City and accepted a
position as purchasing agent for the Me±
ican Central ; Railway with headquarters
at Galveston, Tex. Later he received an
appointment as assistant general man
ager of the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
road, and in 1S&> was promoted to the
position of general ! purchasing agent for
the entire Santa Fe system. In 1897 he
was appointed successor of K. H.' Wade
formerly general manager for the lines
west of Albuquerque.'and removed to this
city, which has since been his home
Nevin made extensive Investments In real
estate in Los Angeles and was one of t"ne
promoters and principal officers of th«
Mexican Oil and Land Development Com
pany. He leaves a wife and two children
William G.^Nevin Jr., ager 21, and Helen
Nevin, aged- 12 years. neien
cal gardens where they, are Used to take
care of them. I will send them away as
soon as the big-buck drops his horns
»»5 suppose that Is what will becomn "of
the brute that killed Frank." s ai T the
brother.. "The elk will be a hard oneMo
handle now. and the next man that t*k«
care of him will nee4 to keep^hfci till
open." -* a
T7» < r s H^JiSr a SvSt^'? o ?^«^-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General JVEanager of the
Santa Fe Road Dies
Suddenly.
DEATH CLOSES
HIS BUSY LIFE
PEACE PLEASES
ALTURAS FOLK
ADVICES from Washington, pub
lished in The Call of yesterday,
announced that President Roose
velt had sent a letter to Governor
Dole of Hawaii conveying the In
timation that the resignation of the lat
ter was desired. The same dispatch an
nounced that Dole would be succeeded by
Colonel Samuel Parker. It is believed
CHINA HOLDS
THE WARSHIPS
Colonel Parker, who is slated for the
Governorship of Hawaii, is • one of the
most flrominent planters of the. islands.
He owns an. extensive landed estate, and
his' country' place is famous for its hos
pitality., Cofqnel *Pferker recently mar-,
ried Mrs. Abigail Campbell in this city.
that the change will be made with little
delay." ' . • •- • • - . . • . :
"On account of the jail breaks In Oak
land." said Cornyn last night, "I have
been on the lookout for a delivery in our
Jail. The place is now crowded with as
many desperate crooks as were ever
herded together, and to prevent their es
cape we have taken extraordinary pre
cautions. I was told that an attempt was
to be made to liberate Williams and Gal
lie. but we were prepared for any such
emergency. Whether Henderson or his
gang arranged, to "put Ivers out of the
way for informing on them I am not at
liberty to say. Whenever they feel like
compelling* us to give up Williams or Gal
lle let them come and I will see that they
get a warm receptitm."
As soon as Chief Jailer Cornyn was ap
prised of Ivers* condition he issued • strict
instructions to the deputies to guard
against any further attempt on Ivers*
life. Williams and Gallie were then or
dered locked up and forbidden to see any
body. : : . : ¦. .
An examination of the contents of the
stomach pump showed that Ivers had
been given a sufficient quantity of "yen
shee" to kill at least three men. '
of ha\ing frustrated their plans to lib
erate Williams and Gallic Afterward he
claimed that he placed the "yen shee" in
the coffee himself, but when closely ques
tioned he said that he feared further vio
lence at the hands of the gang of des
perate crooks and to save himself he con
cluded to exonerate them.
"My, brother's kind heart brought about
his death. The elks were his special pets,
and when he heard yesterday that the new
man who has cared. for them for. the past
three months fed them from outside the
fence instead of going among them, as
had been his own habit, he was afraid his
pets .would -get wild, so; he went down
there to-day to fondle them a little. Then
the old bull caught him unawares and It
was soon all over. .... . :-'.'!¦•
' "I [ was = standing about 400 yards from
the elk pen at the time of the . accident,
talking to Mr. Havens, | tne manager. Mr.
Havens suddenly said: 'Who is that man
running. wild?' I looked up and saw some
one running toward - us and ' heard him
shout: 'The elks are killing a man!', 'You
must | be joking,' I replied; for the elks
are ordinarily tame as kittens.
"I started toward the pen, but I didn't
run far before I found that the big bull
was no longer tame." He was bellowlnjr
hoarsely. and squealing with rage,: and I
could hear him butting against the fence.
. '.'I • caught up «a pitchfork as • I ran, and
as I came within sight I "saw the form of
a man on the ground close to = the" fence
on the outside and the bull; trying to get
through to him. I bad no idea Frank
was anywhere • near. What was , my hor
ror when ,1 lifted the | prostrate body to
find my brother in mj» arms, gasping his
last. I , called to him, but I was. too late.
In . a minute he was gone, i The bloody
fork with which he vainly. tried, to defend
himself ¦ was still j clutched in his hand.
His hat lay In the middle of the inclosure,
showing where the, brute caught him. and
a . trail of < blood * from there to the : fence
showed ; where the animal * tossed him
along to the fence and threw him over. .'•
i'.'If only Frank had been a* few minutes
later. I was Just going to feed the elks,
as was my custom Sundays, the keeper's
day off. -You see, he had no call to go
there,- only, he wanted. to. see' hla pets;; He
did not ' know I that : at - this time of year,
just before dropping their horns, the bull
elks get irritated .with the; itching of. the
antlers and - become - very ; savage. - ¦ - . - - - . -
- "Frank began taking care of the herd
over ; a 7 year ' ago ; ; and went : fearlessly
among them. He petted them and rubbed
them and " always went inside , with , their
feed. ¦¦- •¦ Maybe ' nothing ' would*- have > hap
pened : if t he : had been '.with 'them - right
along, tbut • he ; had '; not " been 1 - in there for
three : months and they, "were . not accus
tomed to it. . . * .
"I-don't think w© shall kill the bull elk.
It would;do ; no good now.",' , . -• ¦
• Manager -Havens - said to -I*urtado*^. = ''-'?
- "These ; elk - belong In some big " zoologl
Elks "Were Frank's. Pets.
More than, that, for several months Fuc
tado had not been among his pets, as he
called them, and the big fellow that at
tacked him was not in a mood to enjoy
the intrusion of one who appeared a
stranger. .
It was 'his love for the elk that caused
his death. The young man had 'nursed
and petted the herd, made them his-par
ticular care during, all this time, until
other duties caused him to give up the
work.. A new keeper was installed, but
instead of going Into the. paddock as Fur
tado had done, he was satisfied to pitch
the dally allowance of hay and grain over
the high fence.. The elk had become ac
customed to this style of feeding, say the
park people, and were not ready for their
old friend and keeper when he went down
to-day; to give them their grain. !
According, to the . bereaved brother, the
young man had heard that the big elk
was becoming/ugly, and he wanted to re
new; his. acquaintance with his old com-'
panlon. Sunday was the regular keeper's
day off, so young Purtado decided ¦ he
would go to the inclosure and once more
take care of his pets. • .
The inclosure runs for several hundred
yards across^the park: It is wooded and
on all sides the rail - and barbed wire
fence keeps the inmates within bounds.
The elk have been in this park for sev
eral years. On two occasions the big bull
has butted down a section of fence. Even
then the keepers had no difficulty with
the freed animal. He submitted to be re
penned without any fuss.
Leslie Spencer, the 14-year-old boy, who
was Furtado's companion at the paddock
resides at Peralta Park, Berkeley. He
was not employed at the grounds and only
joined the young keeper in the visit to
the inclosure out of -curiosity. He said:
. "It was. just after Frank had gone into
the corral with the hay and 1 1 - with the
grain- that the big elk started for him.
Before Frank had a chance to move he
was knocked down and the elk had caught
:him,with his horns.- Then, with Frank on
his antlers, the big animal started on a
; wild run around the inclosure. Frank
was dangling. over the elk's head, but he
wasn't crying or making any noise at all.
He must have been knocked senseless.
Then the elk went at him. - •.--- -.:
"The elk tore ; around the place, making
strange snorts and gasps. I? was a couple
of minutes before he threw Frank over
the fence. ... : .
:'.'I went after -help, but before I found
anybody another boy who had seen the
trouble had attracted \ the attention of
Frank's ~ brother." : .";•..
~ After Joseph Furtado and Manager Ha
vens had turned the case over to the
Coroner, Furtado went to his >hom%, at
239 Haven street, where his mother re
sides. There last night in his distress and
grief'he said:. : ... • \ • - ;•
Continued From Pag* One.
SCHEME TO FREE THIEVES EXPOSED
Deputy Sheriff Walter Miller was sum
moned and Tall was taken to the County
Hospital, where he subsequently was
placed under arrest. Smith was carried
to the Ivy House by a neighbor. Drs.
Mountain. Rantz and McLean dressed the
wounds of the men. Their condition is de
clared to be extremely serious and it Is
doubtful If they can recover. . -
During the melee the young women ran
ecreaming to the shelter of nearby trees,
and the two men had an open field . for
battle. Notwithstanding his severe wounds
Tall opened fire on his antagonist. A
charge of shot caught Smith on the side
of the head, tearing away the flesh. An
other shot shattered his shoulder and he
fell to the ground. - *• -
Ac 3 o'clock this afternoon-Smith, while
in the company 'of ¦ three" flaujchters of
P«ter Cola of Nevrtown, -met Tall on the
road. A few angry words were -exchanged 1 ,
and before Tail could swing his shotgun
into play. Smith had turned loose a pistol.
One of Smith's bullets struck Tall in the
hand and another passed, through his arm
and entered the body.
Two years ago a neighbor's hog: was
killed, and Smith accused Tall of having
maliciously ended the animal's lif^. | The
accusation was quickly resented and since
that time the most desperate "sort of feud
has been on' between the miners.
The persons whose lives may terminate
as the result of the bloody battle are Ed
ward Tall and Jacob Smith. They are
both past middle age and for many years
have resided In the mining region about
here. They are prospectors, and their
work on various claims has been profita
ble enough to make them prominent.
• . PLACERVILLE, Jan. 26.— Shotgun and
pistol | were the weapons used in a duel
this afternoon near old Fort Jim, and two
men, well known in this county, are likely
to die at any moment as a result of the
wounds they received.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mysterious Killing of a Hog the
Cause of a Fight Which. May
Cost a Couple of
Lives.
Fatally Wound ths
Combatants.
Bullets and Shot Probably
Bi Dcrado Men Settle an
Old Score With'-'
Weapons.
Colonel Samuel Parker's Succession to the Governorship -of the
Territory Is Expected lo Tollow Closely Upon the Receipt
by Mr. Roosevelt of the Present Executive's Resignation
MINERS END
THEIR FEUD
BY BATTLE
DOLE'S RULE ON THE HAWAIIAN
ISLANDS DRAWING TO A CLOSE
THE SATS' FKANCI3CO CALL,, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1902;
Betrothed Couple Get*
Around a Smallpox
Quarantine.
* Special Dispatch" to The CalL
TOLEDO. Ohio, Jan. 26.— Miss Nellie
Stone, one of the belle* of Ottawa, Ohio,
was married to-day in Oswego, N. T., by
phonograph to J. F. Duncan of that city.
The regular marriage ceremony was im
possible, owing to the fact that the home
of relatives with whom Miss Stone was
stopping while awaiting her marriage 'was
suddenly placed under a strict quarantine
for smallpox. Miss Stone was in such a
nervous condition over the delay that her
physician advised a phonograph marriage, i
which is asserted to be perfectly legal.
In her room In the house where she was!
quarantined Miss Stone, in the presence
of witnesses, repeated into the phono
graph the words, "I. Nellie Stone, do take'
this man, James F. Duncan, to be my
lawfully wedded husband, for better or foif
worse, till death do us part." -
The register was then removed, •fumi*,'
gated and taken to the Duncan residence^?
where the bridegroom and a clergyman^
performed their part of the ceremony.
The couple became engaged In a roman*'
tic manner. Both are literary and became
acquainted through their - writings. Cor-i;
respondence and an exchange of photo^
graphs brought about an engagement, f £
DEER CREEK. Okla., Jan. 28.— A block atM
buildings, including the town hall was burned in
here to-day, • entailing a loss of $60,000, wlthSS=
insurance amounting to $8000.
2
W:\ The H-O Go.'s Farina is a very use-
1 fill cereal for porridge, croquettes, etc.
EAT as much H-O (Hornby's
Steam Cooked Oatmeal) as you
choose. There are no directions
jimiting its use as an apology for the
Farina Croquettes
Mellin's
Food, as prepared,
contains sufficient
nourishment in a di-
gestible form to satisfy
a child and promo te
his growth.
Pictures ef satisfied babies in our book.
Send for it.
Hellia's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
AiDVEETIS^MENTS.
JOHN J. ETTLTON CO. | j
Another 1
City Editori
Brloit's Disease and- Diabetes j
• Are Posltivelu Curable. j i
TLI R. CHARLES H. r EN'GELKE, EDITOR I
and proprietor of the California Journal, |.
the German, paper of 420 Montgomery street, j
San Francisco, interviewed : j '
• Q. — Will you help us convince the people that j j
Bright' 3 Disease and Diabetes - are positively I]
curable by referring to your recovery? \ |
A.— I've told it to a great many myself and B
some of them profited by . It ' and were cured. JS
Q. — Bow lone ago was it? . f'\
' A. — About six years ago. I was so 111 with J "
Blight's Disease that the doctors, being unablefllj
to help me, advised as a last resort that I '
try some ot the springs. Before gains I* heard ¦
of the Fulton Compound and took It and didn't '
have to so- I began to get better, and kept on 1
with it till I was finally as -well as ever. i
Q. — Any symptoms of a return of It? i J
A.— None, although I don't permit a year to I
go by without taking some ef it. j <
Q.., say yoa told others? - ' . | '
A.— I told Charles F. Wacfcer of 131 Slxt Jl I '
street about It on learning he had diabetes, j
He took it and Is entirely well. I told a well- I j
to-do German lady afflicted with Brisht's DIa. \
case. . She had , be«n to B^irope for ' treatment G
without result. She. too. took it and got well.
I've told a great many, 'I know these Com-
pounds to be certain cures In Bright*! Disease
and Diabetes. It Is so Incredible that one has
to be cured to be convinced, and it even then
dawns on one slowly.
Medical works a*re« that Bright' s Disease
and Diabetes are incurable, but 87 per cent'ars
positively i recovering under the Fulton Comr
pounds. (Common forms of kMney complaint
and rheumatism from uric acid offer but. short
resistance.) Price. $1 for the Brlghfs Disease
and SI 50 for the Diabetic Compound. Interior I
agents will t* made as fast as possible. . John I
J. Fulton Co., 42i» Montgomery street. San I
Francisco, sole compound*™. Free teats made I
for patients. Descriptive Damonl* Balled I
A Flash of Light
In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
California Limited
>' gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
San Francisco to Chicago la three days
¦¦¦"•¦
Ks. JA
. . . . KfRCV Kjata SttiSa.8. p. m. — Review of first ship's crew of the
IlUnoiB Naval Militia at the armory ln^Mlchl
gan avenue.
WASHINGTON, Jan.. 26. — Secretary
Long was in conference with the Presi
dent for more than an hour to-night, pre
sumably in regard to the appeal of Rear
""""¦'" s^iey t rom tne findings of the
¦ 2 p. m. — Reception to Admiral and Mrs '
Schley by the • Maryland Society of Chicago - at
the Palmer House. .
. 3 p. m.— Great public reception at the Audi
torium, to which all Chlcagoans are Invited
-5 p. m. — Termination of reception .
6 p. m. — Dinner with the officers of the
Illinois Naval Militia. . n
I To-morrow the admiral will be kept
busy from early morning until late at
night. Commencing at 9:30 a. m.,' he will
visit, the. Winfleld Scott Schley school
where he will deliver a short speech At
II a. m. he will be presented with resolu
tions from the German societies of Chi
cago. The presentation will take place in
Memorial Hall. At noon he , will lunch
?T lth «F* A a, Munge i"' President of the
Hamilton Club, and a few others. Tho
rest of the day's programme fallows:
CHICAGO, Jan. 26.— Visitors were de
nied Admiral Schley to-day, and he was
given ample time to rest after yester
day's arduous programme. After break
fast in their apartments at the Audito
rium, the Admiral and Mrs. Schley, in
company with Mr. .and Mrs. E. A, Mun
ger, at 11 o'clock > attended: services at
Trinity Episcopal Church. As -:¦ their
place of worship had not been made pub
lic, only the usual congregation was pres
ent. N The sermon was preached by Rev.
W. A. Guerrey, chaplain of the Univer
sity of the South, ¦ Sewanee, Tenn.,-bui
the only reference that he made to Ad
miral Schley vras when he notified the
congregation of the admiral's presence.'
When the services ended the congrega
tion stood In line at the door and as Ad
miral Schley passed out he shook hands
with them right and left. Returning to
the Auditorium, Admiral and Mrs. Schley
were driven to the home of Mr. and Mrs.
W. D. Washburn, where they took lunch
eon. After a short drive through the
parks the couple returned to their apart
ments, where- they remained , until 7
o'clock, when they were driven to the
home of Mr. and Mrs. John Morris,
where a dinner in. honor of the admiral
and his wife was served. The affair was
private, only the immediate friends of
both parties being invited. \ '• .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— The Senate
will devote its principal attention this
week to the Philippine tariff" bill. It is
the purpose of Senator Lodge, who Is in
charge of the bill, to keep it before the
Senate persistently until it is disposed of.
He does not count on final action for some
time. It Is not the principal purpose of
the friends of the bill to debate it, but the
attacks which will be made upon it and
upon the entire administration of Philip
pine affairs inevitably will bring replies
from many of the Republican Senators.
It is understood that a majority of the
Senators on the Democratic side of the
chamber will be heard on the bill before
it Is passed. Among those who will speak
early are Senators Carmack, Money, Tel
ler, Culberson, Turner, Patterson. Jones
of Arkansas and Bacon. Senator Lodge
will eeek the earliest opportunity to have
the amendments recommended by his
committee formally adopted, but probably
will not press these when Senators are
prepared to proceed with set speeches.
Senator Nelson will take advantage of
every chance to have the bill creating a
Department of Commerce considered, with
the hope of obtainng action on it during
the week if possible.
The House leaders have made no pro
gramme for the work of the present week,
as there are no measures of importance
pressing for attention, although the anti
oleomargarine bill and the Hill bill for
the exchangeability of gold and silver are
both on the calendar and may be taken
up before long. Thus far no exact time
has been fixed for either of these meas
ures, and the lesser bills will take their
chances as opportunity presents itself.
There promises to be considerable time
to spare during the week, as there . are
no appropriation bills ready to fill the gap
when bills of a general nature are lack
ing. '
The chief interest of the week, centers
In the opening of hearings by the Ways
and Committee on the reduction
of war revenue taxes. The committee
will give to-morrow to this subject, hear
ing the beer Interest In the morning and
the tea Interest in the afternoon. On
Tuesday the committee will return to the
subject of Cuban reciprocity, hearing
more of the representatives of beet sugar
and also several Cuban planters, -who
have come to the United States to pre
sent their views. *
Attends Divine Services
' and Visits the 'Home
of Friends.
Democratic Attacks in
Store for Philippine
Tariff Bill.'
SCHLEY PASSES
QUIET SABBATH
LONDON, Jan. 26.— The Stock Ex
change continued fairly active during the
past week. The large oversubscriptions
to two million pounds in local. loans in
dicated a large supply : of . investment
money, while the general ¦ purchases have
been upon a larger scale than for some
months past. The reduction in the bank
rate of discount has helped the situation,
insuring the comparatively easy condi
tion of the money markjef for some time
to come.
The predictors of the boom . In home
rails have been rather at
.the dividend announcements "and this
section of the market has been decidedly
flat. But conservative critics point - out
that this may be taken as a rather
hopeful symptom, since traffic has been
good and the managers are devoting the
resultant funds to improvements instead
of to dividends: \' '<- V . ¦ ,
American securities are quiet, pending
the settlement of the case of the North
ern Securities • Company. ¦ Mining securi
ties remained firm. ; _ \ . ¦¦
BERLIN, Jan. 26.— The Boerse during 1
the past week was characterized by the
strength in all- Government funds - and
fixed interest bearers. The tendency in
industrials was mixed, iron remaining
strong, while coal shares and most of the
other Industrials lost several points.
Coal shares were depressed by the con
tinued warm weather and the- difficulty
In disposing of the output. The coal
syndicate declared yesterday that It was
impossible to sell all the ,coal produced
bv the syndicate's . mines, although . ; the
curtailment, of the output was being rig
idly enforced. . .
The quotations on iron . shares im
proved through further evidence that the
business situation had bettered.
The market was chiefly dominated dur
ing the last week by the two 3 per cent
loans, amounting , to 300,000,000 marks, in
which there 7 have already been immense
transactions. - ' .. ' ¦-
The market also showed great interest
In the- mortgage - bank obligations and
some foreign rentes attracted marked
attention; Shares or the ocean trans
portation companies rallied strongly dur
ing the week upon the expectation that
Herr Ballln, president of the Hamburg-
American line. , and ;Dr. Wiegand of^tho
North German Lloyd j Steamship Com
pany, will effect an advantageous ar
rangement in New York. -
American . rails were again on tho
downward movement. Kaffirs were steady
and great things are expected in these
securities in the future. Money / still re
mains steady and. it^ is "> impossible -to
place call loans at 1%-" per cent. The
monthly settlement- will pass very
smoothly and • short interest scarcely ex
ists. - -' \ < •¦"-¦ #
Northern Railway Trou
ble Depresses Ameri
can Securities.
SENATORS BRIM
WITH SPEECHES
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— Though Prince
Henry of Prussia will stop at the German
embassy while in Washington, he will be
the guest of the nation during his stay
In this country. This means that all his
expenses will be paid by the United States
Government. To provide the necessary
funds for his reception and. entertainment
a provision appropriating $40,000 has been
inserted In the urgent deficiency bill. This
«um is to be disbursed under direction of
the v Secretary of State. It will be used for
the settlement of carriage, lodging, rail
road and other bills which will be in
curred in consequence of the visit of the
Prince. _,
In making this appropriation Congress
has acted in compliance with the request
of the administration. The secret fund of
the State Department has already been
drawn upon for various incidental ex
panses, and a portion of the remainder
must be set aside to pay the expenses of
the special embassy which will represent
the United States at the coronation of
King Edward. The balance could not have
stood the payment of the bills for Prince
Henry's entertainment as well.
In the cities which the Prince will visit
the best accommodations obtainable must
be obtained for him. The train which will
convey him on his tour will be special and
During His Visit.
Prince Henry Will"- Incur No Expense
UNCLE SAM PAYS THE "BUI.
NEWT YORK, Jan. -26. — A fire at Montclalr,
N. J., /to-day, destroyed several buildings in
the" business section. Other buildings were
badly, damaged.^,, Loss, $95,000. / '_
the foolish and malicious assertions of present
antagonism between Germany and the United
States and of German plans of conquest in the
American sphere of influence and. Instead
thereof, strengthen and establish feelings or
mutual recognition and equality of standing.
No treaty of alliance between Germany and the
United States is needed. TEver since the ex
istence of the United States peace, friendship
and trade Intercourse haev prevailed between
us. Prince Henry's trip shows that we wish
to remain in the same relations In the future,
and the reception" which the people, the Gov
ernment and public opinion are preparing for
him on American soil will give splendid proof
that the Americans cherish elmllar sentiments
and hopes.
KING EDWARD'S selection of the
Right. Rev. George Gore for the
Bishopric 'of Worcester has
raised a storm in English eccle
siastical circles. An appeal to
the courts has been made by the faction
opposing the confirmation of Dr. Gore's
election. The Archbishop of Canterbury
It was announced to-night that Morris
K. Jessup, J. Pierpont Morgan, Edward
D. Adams, George F. Baker, John Claf
lln, Elbert H. Gary, L. M. Goldberger,
Abram S. Hewitt, Alexander E. Orr, Wil
liam Rockefeller, James Stillman and
William K. Vanderbilt will give a lunch
eon on February 23 to Prince Henry at
Sherry,;s. The gentlemen mentioned are.
for this function, known as the reception
committee of commerce and industry. The
luncheon was arranged in the belief that
it would please the Prince to meet men
prominent in business life. The invitations
will be limited to 100, and they have al
ready been sent out.
NEW YORK, Jan.. 26.— Representatives
of the various German societies of New
York City met this afternoon to further
consider plans for the reception of Prince
Henry. It was decided that there should
be a torchlight procession on the evening
of February 2&— the same evening on
which the newspaper men of the country
will meet the Prince at dinner. It is an
nounced that Dr. von Holleben had given
his sanction to the, procession. It is esti
mated that more than 30.000 marchers will
be in line, and Prince Henry will review
the parade from the building of the Arion
Society, FiftyTninth street and Park ave
nue.
probably will consist of an engine, two
passenger cars and one baggage car.
Since the announcement of the coming
of the Prince diplomats in Washington
have been quietly making inquiries to as
certain the effect upon the administration
of the overture of Emperor William. One
of these gentlemen said to-day that so far
as the United States was concerned he
was satisfied that no political results
would follow the efforts of the Emperor.
• "The United States Is naturally gratified
that the German Emperor should so os
tensibly single it out for such an unusual
demonstration of friendship," he said,
"but I think the common sense of your
officials prevents them being blinded as
to the real value of the protestations.
"William is erratic, and, friendly as he Is
to-day to the United States, he Is likely
to overturn all the good that Is being ac
complished by an unfriendly act _three
months hence." . - '" " "
has retained Sir Edward Clarke as coun
sel and Dr. Gore has a formidable array
of lawyers. ' £ ¦
King Edward, annoyed by the bitter ob
jections to his nominee may cause the
abandonment of the ancient form for the
confirmation of prelates, thus denying the
e'ccleslastlcal agitators an opportunity of
making a disturbance.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Right Rev. I*»K,
Coppin, who sailed from this city about
a year ago on the Umbrla to take charge
of the Fourteenth Episcopal Diocese of
the African Methodist Episcopal Church
in South Africa, returned by the same
ship, arriving here to-day. He is from,
Philadelphia and was the first bishop sent
out by the African Methodist Episcopal
Church to take charge of the diocese,
which lies south of the Zambesi River and
comprises two conferences, the South Af
rican and the Transvaal. Said he:
I found plenty of work awaiting me when X
got out there. The two conferences were map
ped out but were not organized and only a.
start had been made in their development. W«
now have between forty and fifty churches es
tablished, with more than 100 traveling minis
ters. We have recently bought a large build
ing In Cape Town, where in February next we
will open a school to prepare students for *
collegiate course. We are also hoping soon
to start Industrial and literary schools near
Bloemfonteln. modeled after the same general
plan as the school at Tuskegee.
We are seriously handicapped In this project
by the unsettled condition of the country, on
account of the war. There seems little hope
of the terrible war cloud lifting. You cannot
conceive the condition of affairs over there. The
Boers are gradually beln? wiped 'off the earth.
It is no longer war. but a process of slow
extermination. England will never listen to any
arbitration proposition which means restoration
of the republic and the Boers will accept- no
other settlement. Just as long as they are able
to keep up the guerrilla method of warfare they
can notwithstanding the smallness of their
number, keep thousands of soldiers In the field
busy watching them and trying to head then
off.
Bishop Coppin will go from here te
Philadelphia, where he will remain two
months. _.>, .. ¦_' \ -!r*c'i './!*' v^*.'-- . .
SEES THE DOOM OF BOEBS.
PRETORIA, Jan. K.— Colonel Wilson
captured twenty Boers near Frankfort. In
Orange River Colony, yesterday.- He waa
preparing at dawn this morning to move
away with his captives when a superior
force of Boers made a desperate effort to*
recapture the prisoners, i A fight ensued,
in which all but three of the prisoners es
caped and in which a few men were killed
or wounded on both sides. ¦;.-'--..
The correspondent of the Dally -Tele
graph at Brussels says In a dispatch that
Mr. Kruger has received fresh invitations
from Chicago. New York and Philadel
phia to visit those cities,' and that he will
probably start upon an American tour
next month. . >'¦
LONDON, Jan.,28.-A report sent h*
Lord Kitchener, In Johannesburg, tells of
the important capture of General B. Vil
joen. In the neighborhood of Lyndenburg,
Transvaal Colony, as well as the captures
of small parties of Boers elsewhere.
The capture of General Vlljoen, who
was General Botha's most able lieutenant
and who has given the British a deal of
trouble, has created lively satisfaction in
London.
The National Zeitung concludes a page
editorial on the friendship between the
United States and Germany In these
words:
The only object of the visit of Prince Henry
to the United States is the cultivation of this
sentiment. The German Emperor could give
the United States no better proof of the feel
ings and sentiments animating him and ' the
German people In regard to the greatness and
development of the Union as a civilizing power
than in sending his brother there. Prince
Henry goes. a» it were, as the interpreter of
Germany's friendship for the United States. He
is the first German Prince from the old reign
ingr house who treads the «oll of the great re
public and undoubtedly his acquaintanceship
with the most prominent men of the Union
-will exercise a beneficial effect upon national
relations. .
The visit of Prince Henry must dissipate all
Proof of German Friendship.
The entire German press shows irrita
tion over the allegd British attempts to
throw suspicion on the policy entertained
toward the United States by Germany be
fore the outbreak of the Spanish-Ameri
can war. Nearly all the German news
papers regard these alleged attempts in
the same light as does the Deutsche Tages
Zeitung. Dwelling upon the motives
which actuated the interpellation of Hen
ry Norman in the House of Commons on
January 20, that paper says:
In the Ixmfion report* cabled to ICew York
it is alleged that Germany was the instigator
of a plan to bring about intervention by the
European powers against the United States.
Vhis Is a direct blow in the face of truth. But
¦what of It"? It mig-ht. perhaps, on the verge
of Prince Henry's visit, create 111 feeling In
the United States, in which case the object
underlying Mr. Norman's interpellation and
the answer thereto of Lord Cranborne. as well
as that of the inventions sent abroad by Eng
lish newspapers, would be fulfilled.
Press Scores Great Britain.
The Prince of Wales visited the Prus
sian Princess, Count von Bulow. the Im
perial Chancellor, the various Embassa
dors and other distinguished personages
this morning. Soon after 10 o'clock Em
peror William and the Prince drove in a
closed carriage to the barracks of the
First Royal Dragoons, Queen Victoria's
own. A triumphal arch of evergreens had
been erected in front of the porch of the
barracks and the regiment was drawn up
in parade order. The band played the
British anthem after the regiment had
marched past the Emperor and the Prince
of Wales, who later proceeded to the regi
mental messroom. where luncheon was
served. The party Included the British
Etnbassador to Germany, Sir F. C. Las
celles, and his staff; Princes Albrecht and
Wilhelm EHel-Friedrich and Prince Hen
ry of Prussia. The luncheon terminated
at 3 o'clock. Emperor William returned to
the castle and the Prince of Wales took
a train for Potsdam, there to visit the
Duchess of Albany and to lay a wreath
upon the tomb of the late Empress Fred
erick.
In the evening Emperor William and
the Empress gave a dinner party to the
Prince of Wales In the Elisabeth hall of
the castle, at which the British Minister,
Count von Bulow and Count von Wal
dersee were present.
Reviews First Royal Dragoons.
BERLIN. Jan. 26.— To-day passed with
out any disrespect being shown to the
Prince of Wales, who arrived here yes
terday evening to represent King Edward
at the celebration of the anniversary of
the birth of Emperor William on Monday.
German crowds have a too deeply abiding
respect for royal personages and are too
thoroughly policed to ever Jeer them. But
in a city where the lifting of one's hat is
as universal as ordinary civility, it was
singular to see the passing crowds with
never a hat raised and to hear no mur
murs of applause.
Th© last experience abroad of the Prince
of Wales was his departure, among thun
derous cheers, from the shores ol New
foundland, while the streets through
which the Prince was obliged to be driven
to-day, on his way to visit the British
Ambassador, were without one single Brit
ish flag.
While receiving the most elaborate at
tentions from the family of the Emperor
and from German officialdom, the Prince
of Wales must feel the chilling attitude
of the German public. Almost all the
newspapers refrain from editorial com
ment on bis ¦visit.
Press of Fatherland Embittered fcy
Alleged British Attempt to
Turn America Against
the Kaiser.
Several Hen Are Killed or Wounded
on Both Sides in the Engage
ment Attending th»
Beacue. \
Patriots Rescue a Party of
Prisoners Taken by
Colonel Wilson.
Wales as He Passes on
the Street
Crowd Ignores the Prince of
LONDON MARKET
GENERALLY FIRM
Colonel Charles "W. Miner of the Sixth
Infantry reports ' the conditions on the
Island of Negros to be unsatisfactory and
that 400 bolomen and forty men armed
with rifles, under command of the fanat
ical bandit leader.'Papa IslO, are terror
izing the people. ¦
The United States Philippines Commis
sion has appropriated $5000 for improving
the harbor of Hollo and $3000 to. be ex
pended.on.the Cagelavan River, in North
ern Luzon.- • ir ':":.': ¦ e. :'-¦' ' i:
Bolomen Terrorize Negros.
The American Chamber of Commerce
I here has formulated an appeal to Con
gress, In which it earnestly prays for. the
enactment of- laws allowing Chinese to
enter the Philippine Islands under such
'restrictions as .the United States Philip
pines Commission -.may enact.
"The present restrictive law pertaining
to Immigration," continues the-appeal,- "is
of no benefit to the .Filipinos. Chinese, if
admitted, would. not enter into competi
tion with the local-labor and their entry
into the islands is imperatively needed, as
the tobacco, hemp and sugar lands of-the
archipelago are 'only.- partly cultivated.^
Without this legislation the country can
not be properly developed.. Building in
Manila has been badly . retarded because
of this: lack of labor, and for . these rea
sons the American Chamber of Commerce,
| composed entirely of American citizens
! representing commercial interests, re
spectfully prays for immediate action in
this matter." " V . " . < >
v Felipe Buencamino, one of the directors
of the Federal" party, is endeavoring to
arrange an exhibition of commerce, to be
held next December. He relies mainly
UDon exhibits from the United States,
China Japan, Slam and Borneo. The
merchants of Manila are Inclined to be
lieve that this exhibition should be de
layed another year. but. if sufficient sup
port be promised, the United States Phil
ippine Commission will be asked to assist
in carrying out the Idea.
Want Chinese Admitted.
.Furthermore, many of the natives fall
to appreciate ¦ the improvement in condi
tions other than military. Trade, is grow
ing and as a consequence money is more
plentiful. Popular self-government here
is working advantageously and the la
drones are being rapidly destroyed.* The
entire province of Bataan has been peace
fully controlled: for months without a sin-'
gle soldier, and General Bell has achieved
great success in the province of Batangas.
Captains Allan and Baker of the regular
army, who are acting as . chiefs of the
constabulary, are recognized as belonging
to the ablest type of officers. Many regu
lar officers are acting^ as Governors of
provinces, and .they concur in Governor
Taffs statements. .
MANILA, Jan. 26.— The Manila public,
backed by army influence, Is inclined to
dispute Governor Taffs cabled Interviews
since his arrivajjn the United States con
cerning the reduction" of ' the army by
15,000 men within a year.'which would un
doubtedly be the minimum strength of
the American forces. :> Residents of Ma
nila, however, are naturally Influenced by
the prolonged insurrection and mistrust
the course of the provinces. They do not
see, and therefore do not, appreciate, the
gradual increase In * the | efficiency of the
provincial constabulary, which now num
bers 5000 men and which is already reliev
ing the army of a large amount of work."
The municipal police are also performing
useful work and : the . 5000 natives troops
now in the field- are daily becoming I more
perfect In ihelr under": American
instruction. " • :•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Backed' in Their Contention
. by the Influence of the
Military.
Lord Kitchener Reports
General Viljoen's
Capture.
Attitude of German Pop
ulace Continues
Frigid.
CORONA. Jan. 26.— Carl Brown, aged 18
years, the son of William Brown, was
accidentally shot by his younger brother,
14 years of age, this morning while out
hunting. The accident was caused by
some brush catching the hammer of a
small rifle which was carried by the
younger boy. The ball struck Carl aa
inch above the right kidney, inflicting a
dangerous wound.
Accidentally Shot by Brother.
SEATTLE, Jan. 26.— A guest in the
Douglas Hotel, known to the proprietor
as Mrs. M. Colin of San Francisco, swal
lowed the contents. of a bottle of oil of
cedar early this , morning. The pungent
odor of the poison attracted the attention
of neighboring roomers *soon after the at
tempt had been made and medical aid was
quickly summoned. After working over
the woman the remaining hours of the
morning and well on during the forenoon.
Dr.' J. C. Johnson pronounced her out of
danger. The woman refuses positively to
talk; of" it. She arrived at the Douglas
last Thursday, according to the proprie
tor, and has been out of her room but
little since that time. The police believe
that sh© intended suicide, although the
woman says the oil was taken by mis
take. Beyond this statement and admit
ting that her home is in- San Francisco,
she maintains silence and displays no feel
ing one way, or the other over the failure
of her attempt, if such it was, at self-de
struction.
Nearly Ended in a Seattle
' Hotel.
Life of a San Francisco" Woman
SAJYS THAT SHE TOOK
POISON BY MISTAKE
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 26.— Rain, sleet and
snow fell throughout . Texas I to-day and
to-night the temperatureJTJs! the lowest
of the season. The snow^will prove of
inestimable value to the -wheat crop.
GUTHRIE, O.T., Jan. 26.— The coldest
weather of the winter, . with the ther
mometer at zero all day. and a howling
north wind, is being experienced in Okla
homa. Possibly nowhere else in the South
west will its severity be so great. There
are large cattle interests that will suf
fer, • no matter j what provision has been
made to protect 'them. The wheat crop
will be damaged, as not enough snow has
accompanied the blizzard to protect the
rank growth. In the Indian Territory,
principally in the Creek Nation, where the
Indians are in destitute - circumstances,
the conditions are very bad for under
going the rigors of such weather.
TOPEKA, Kan., Jan. 28.— The weather
throughout Kansas is many degrees cold
er to-night. Clear, calm and very cold
is the condition throughout the State, as
ascertained by reports received here to
night. Cattle on the western range are
suffering and much ' loss Is likely to en
sue unless the situation Improves. How
ever, very little wind accompanies the
cold. The coldest portion of the State
to-night Is .the northern tier of counties.
Phlllipsburg reports the mercury as read-
Ing 10 below. The snow which fell yes
terday is packed tight and tlje wheat will
be well protected. ¦ .
Cold Wave Strikes Kansas.
storm..
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 26.— The storm that
swept down on this section on Friday
night brought a cold wave which drop
ped the. temperature this morning to a
point lower . than had been reported In
several years before, the record being 8
degrees below zero. The freeze paialyzed
the electric light plant by blockading with
ice the canal from which it derives Its
power. The city is . therefore without
light, . and the newspapers and others re
lying upon the company for power are
badly " crippled.
. LOS ANGELES, Jan. . 26,-The coldest
weather of the- winter now prevails in
Southern California, the temperature this
morning going as low, as, 32 degrees. A
heavy frost covered the ground and ice
formed in ] places. Citrus fruit growers
had ample warning of the | approaching
cold snap and took the necessary steps
to protect oranges and lemons. No re
ports of damage have come in as yet.
Warnings have been . sent': out of still
colder weather to-night, which it is stated
will be accompanied by killing frosts.
Weather ' Observer Franklin .said:
"I have been advised of the approach of
a freezing temperature and killing frosts
to-night, which, unless unusual precau
tions are taken by orchardists, may , do
great damage. The temperature in - Los
Angeles this morning was ¦ as low as 32
degrees, and I have no. doubt did some
damage, the extent of which -I will not
learn until to-morrow." -
MONTEREY, Jan. 26.— The coldest wea
ther this section has known for the past
several years ¦ occurred last night and to
day. The mercury fell to 26 degrees. Thin
ice formed over, all standing water, re
maining in some places till nearly noon.
The frost wrought considerable damage
to tender plants and shrubs. The tempe
rature moderated slightly- this afternoon.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— It was .unusually
cold here last night and this morning, the
lowest temperature being 32. A high wind
blew last night. . .
to Protect Crops From
• .Cold, s
Orchardists in the South Are Warned
NIPPING AND EAGER AIR
THREATENS THE FRUIT
THOMPSON, Mont. , Jan. 26.— The mys
tery of the strange disappearance of B.
A: Goodchlld, one of Montana's prominent
citizens and a big mill man of Thompson,
remains unsolved. W. E.' Lindenbaum.
his partner in -the milling business, has
had a- party , of men on day i wages ' en
gaged In the search, but thus far they
have met with no success. GoodchildTias
been missing, since' last Tuesday, when
he left home, > taking, his dog and his gun
and ¦ going on a hunting trip. , . Goodchlld
was familiar .with the country and it is
considered hardly likely, that he could
have lost . his] way. ' Grave fears are en
tertained that :he , met .an.: accident and
lost his life. • !A severe blizzard, with in
tense cold, has swept the mountains, and
it is feared that if Goodchlld did lose, his
way: he could hardly have survived the
No Trace of Hissing Rancher.
¦' A" late • report from Alliance ', says • that
the mercury has dropped to 25 degrees be
low zero, with a veritable blizzard rag
ing.;. ¦ ... ,, ¦;¦;/'. '. :• .: •
; and last night were partially veri
fied In' reports received , here to-day and
to-night from points In . Nebraska. ' .What
seems a remarkable condition exists , in
the' vicinity of Ogallala, where the storm
was more * severe : than in any 'other, por
tion , of . the State, except the ) northwest
quarter. I It was expected that the losses
among cattle in that district would be
enormous, but reports received from sev
eral points in , the \ cattle J district . affirm
that I actually, no 5 loss " was sustained. \
Reports from the : northwest portion of
the State are not s$ flattering, while
those from ¦ Kimball I and ' Banner counties
indicate ! that heavy losses have occurred.
Basset, In- the heart of the cattle district,
reports severe losses in that vicinity.
Bertrand , also reports heavy losses. 1 So
far no loss of life ' has been ' reported as
a. result of the storm.. . , ¦¦ .- • . •_
V*. MAHA, Jan. 26.— Predictions made
(I \V last night as to the probable dls-
II IB astrous effects of the blizzard
which raged all day yesterday
Citizens Obj ect to Prcn
posed Reduction of
theirmy.
Sharp Fall in Temperature and Heavy Snowstorm in the
Middle Western "and Mountain States Are Followed by
Reports of Heavy Losses Sustained by Owners of Herds
BOER CHIEF
FALLS INTO
FOE'S HANDS
NOT A CHEER
FOR THE SON
OF EDWARD
MANILA OPPOSES
VIEWS OF TAFT
BLIZZARD CAUSES HAVOC
ON THE CATTLE RANGES
KING EDWARD IS ANNOYED
BY ECCLESIASTICAL STORM
May Cause Abandonment of Ancient Form for; .Confirmation
of Church of England Prelates". Because of Opposition
Mo His Selection, of Dr. Gore for the Worcester Bishopric
.THE: SANr";FR^Nm JANUARY '27^1902.
RIGHT REV. CHARLES GORE, WHOSE NOMINATION ]3Y KING ED
WARD FOR THE BISHOPRIC OF WORCESTER HAS ' AROUSED
BITTER OPPOSITION. RESULTING IN AN APPEAL TO THE COURTS.
LONDON, Jan. . 27.— The , London County
Council will to-morrow; authorize ' the \ issue of
£3,000,000 in - 3 per cent bonds for municipal
Improvement*. ' . '
Court of Inquiry, which was referred by
the executive to Jtho Navy. Department
for -.'.'comment." The Secretary was - ac
companied by : Judge Advocate General
Lemly and Solicitor. Hanna. who conduct
ed the case before; the ¦ court. The meet
ingr -with the President followed a gath
ering of ; the three gentlemen at Secretary
Long's apartments, and when' they depart
ed l. for the Whlte.Hduse they had with
them \ bundles" of . papers which had the
appearance of legal documents. -^Secretary
Long' declined .to ¦ say | anything, for publi
cation-retarding the conference. . ¦ v
3
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
'0WPS
For Biilo-a* and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after
meals. Dlziiness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills
Flcshinn of He&t, Loss of Appetite, Short-
ness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the
Skin. Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams,
and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations,
Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and they will be ack-
nowledged to be WITHOUT A RIVAL.
BEECHAM'S PILLS taken as direc-
ted, will quickly restore Females to complete
health. They promptly remove any obstruo*
tion or irregularity of tbc system. Fora ,
Weak Stomach.
Impaired Digestion.
Disordered Liver,
they act like mapic— a few doses will work
wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen-
ing- the muscular System, restoring the long-
lost Complexion, bringing back the keen
edge of appetite, and arousing wita the
Rosebud of Health the whole Phy*
•leal energy of the human frame. These
ere •'facts" admitted by thousands, in all
classes of aociety, and one of the best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
that BEECHAM'S PILLS have th*
Largest Salo of any Patent
Medicines In tho World.
Beecham's Pills have been befbr*
tb.e public for half a centnry, and
are the mart popular family medicine.
No testimonials are published, as
Boer.ham'g pm,
RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
Prepired only by Thomas Beechatn. Si.
TI«-leiis, i; ai>s ji U d 3G5 Canal .St.. Sew
Sold everywhere In boxes, lOc and S5o-
BAUWAY'S HEADY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron--
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache end all pain. Internally
tor M&larU and ail Bowel 1'alne. All druggist*.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Some unusual values in men's and boys 5
suits and overcoats
Although these suits and overcoats are M*&k
stylish garments and desirable in every way, 0*?Wfy W?!1Z
body's size is represented in the goods asa whole. tirf^^^Cl- '"¦ ' J$0W&i£i§k
They are good dependable garments that #^^3S& >^^^^
will give you double your money's worth in wear. //JM Jilj^nll
' They need no guarantee, but you can get P^lfllj TO\ \ 11^1111111 I
: * The suits are single and double breasted fff«|l jfilft frllV %
! winter-weight material; former price $12. 50. . l||| |||8Ml ij W f\ KisSI J
I The overcoats are all-wool cheviots, in win. cj^^jiiJaliiiir^^^' s»i^lsff«
ter length and weight, lined with the best Of y^WBr^W '" ll«l§|p^
I farmer satin, velvet collar; former'price $io.co N/ffMM/ IwSf'
I The suits and overcoats are to be had now fo' r JiJr/ wl/ Ha Hi
' This sale 'of fcroken lines in our boys' and
?j||||||| . youths' department is a boon to many mothers,
Y^ffiP -**£$><( which' is sure to find favor with mothers beut on
Jik i^HnL Two-piece and Norfolk
\P§?| Made of Scotch tweeds and cheviots in neat
I •— \SbHL liiwRiH mixtures, ages' 8 to 16 and 3 to io, respectively,
"^^limlsi^lP / on sale in tw0 lots: Suits worth $2.75, S3.ooand
J^£^®W^|| Ji|j • former price $4.00, now $2.60; topcoats for boys
xi^^^^rH^kl rill \\ from 9 to 1 3/ reduced from $5.00 to S3.20; top-
jPPEd|l|pyK2S^ ||g \\ coats for youths from 14 to 19, -marked down^
A glance at our - " m if »' Out>o!>town orders
windows will alwaysCL^^ I \ A / /\ i\ ¥\ C* fHled-write us tor
s^'^^SyV* WOO tl'& I ©•«» *sSS
Mntheft h^tsorfur- '>'< 1 W Vm :7 V-^"^ ¦• N turnl«hlnfi« or
nishirigg, 718 Market Street hat8 :HOW GREAT BRITAIN IS INCREASING
HER FIGHTING POWER ON THE OCEAN
.' ¦ ¦ ' ' • ___>-:
MONDAY JANUARY 27, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All CommuieatioBS to W. S. LEAKE, Ktn&ger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pres* 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Presn 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«« 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage*
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (incluiing Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •••• 65c
SUNDAY CALL, One Year l.M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year.. 100
All postmaster* r.re authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample cosies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering chance of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prornpt and correct compliance -with their reque-ic.
OAKLAND OFFICE. .1118 . Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xuiger Foreign Adrertisisg. Htrf aett« Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V. Herald Square.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX I)., SMITH .30- Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL • ¦_ ,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern % Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OC G St., N. W.
MOIITOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. t>33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2C81
MarKut, cci rstr Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1096 Va^
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until' 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 FiUmore, open until 9 p. m.
HOTEL : DEL : , ; CORONADO," choicest Winter
Resort In the "world, 'offers best'. living, "climate,
boating:, ba thins, fishing and . most amuse
ments. E. v S."- Babcock, manager," Coronado.- Cal.
It is announced that the tomato canners and; catsup
makers in the East Jiave organized a trust - with a
capital .of $20,000,000; and now is the time for a free
people to eat their tomatoes ravvi ; The canned stuff
is not worth the interest bnVthat amount : by a, long
shot [' >. '•""'•"* '. '3 r '* ~~^B5K§9i " '¦'' : '' :
: In France tuberculosis kills 200,000 people
a. year; in other word3,.a city of the size
of Toulouse: is"; yearly ¦ wiped ; off the face
of the country. ,;¦.
: -;' What, you pay for extract* is important," but
what you get is ten times more Important. 1 Bur
nett'k Vanilla costs more because It's worth more.'
. Special : information supplied j - daily to
business 'houses and.' public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • .
Tqwnsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, . in . fire-etched " boxes ; or Jap. bas
kets. A nlce present : for. Eastern friends.
KSO Market St., .Palace Hotel. building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's •
Ex. strong hoarhoundcandy. Townseni's. *
Captain, Hobson of Merrimac and kissing fame
wants to.be retired from the navy on the ground that
hisfeyesight is.failinghim and that he is un^fit for the
technical duties of his position. .Perhaps a vision of
triumphs .political is. blinding him to affairs which
ordinarily demand his attention. • ' j .'¦¦:'¦¦ ' ' -'
• . ..-•:. • ¦ ¦ ¦-• ¦; : . ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦
. It is ; now asserted that , all the reports of the will
ingness of certain Boer leaders to j make peace and
of the readiness of the British Ministry to grant good
terms were started by a lot of speculators in London
who had Kaffir stocks for sale. It seems that when
it comes to', bulling the market anything is : fair so
long as it wins. .
M. de Witte, the Russian Minister of Finance, is
reported to have summed up the qualifications of the
nations for. the coming industrial "struggle by saying:
"Great Britain has been hard hit in the Transvaal,
but is -still the richest country in the world; Erance
is without initiative, satisfied witlv returns on past
achievements; Germany shows the greatest energy
and initiative' in ". Europe, but has traveled too fast:
America- has an unparalleled combination of natural
resources and initiative and will go on to greater
achievements." He says nothing about. Russia, but
then of course, every statesman must keep something
"Don't you ¦ think a holiday is more
cheerful . when there is, a large ¦ family
gathered about the festive board ?'\'
VI do.". "'answered- the -.sardonic." person.
"A large", family" is a . glad assurance that
there is not going ; to : be" enough turkey
leftover to supply the menu for the next
three days."— Washington ¦ Star. • . >~j
. The Honest Newsboy.— Suspicious Cus
tomer— Has this ; paper got the -news ni
the latest revolution in/South America?..
Newsboy— I'll, be honest with you,-mis
ter.> It's got air 'eeptin* them what's
broke out in the last ; fifteen minutes.—
Chicago Tribune.. . \ ;
"Yes; he says it pleases him when ha
thinks of "all the hateful people, he knows
who will never get there."— Philadelphia
"He seems to take a great deal of com
fort out of his thoughts of heaven.". ;
/ A CHANCE TO SMZLE.
Against an executive policy of that kind there
should be a protest not in Iowa only, but through
out the Union. These criminals, secretly pardoned,
did not often return to their homes, we are told.
They went .elsewhere. Strangers in a strange land
without money and with a criminal record behind
them, it is fairly certain a good many of them are
now menacing society, in other States Governor
Shaw by relieving Iowa of the duty of maintaining
them in prison has imposed upon other communities
It is none too much to say that the surprise outside
of Iowa is fully equal in intensity to any that exists
among the people within the- State. In the first
place, it is surprising to outsiders that such a whole
sale prison delivery could have been carried on dur
ing two years without the Iowans knowing anything
about it. As an explanation of the prevailing igno
rance on the subject 'the report goes on to say: "It
was the Governor's policy to .refuse the newspapers
access to the pardon records, urging as a reason that,
publicity attending the release of a convict would
handicap his efforts to reform. 'Unless the prisoners
released returned to their former homes, as was not
often the case, no one learned of the action. *: * *
Twenty-two prisoners convicted of murder were re
leased. The following figures show what were the
crimes of some of the others who were released: Of
fenses against women, 38; fraud, 20; manslaughter,
14; forgery, 18; perjury, 5; -embezzlement, 4;
burglary, robbery and larceny, 128."
SECRETARY SHAW upon retiring from office
• as Governor of Iowa made publyTthe names
of 473 prisoners to whom he had extended ex
ecutive clemency, within the last two years. The dis :
patch announcing the fact states: "To the majority
of Iowans the release of more than 90 per cent of the
prisoners came as a complete surprise, and in many
quarters a strong protest is heard."
EXECUTIVE CLEMENCY.
I wonder if Dolly Madison would be
able to compete favorably nowadays with
Mrs. . Roosevelt in being- queen of social
affairs at the White House. Surely those
palatial drawing rooms have not been so
brilliant at any time since Dolly Maai
son's reign until Mrs. Roosevelt took up
her present position with such grace and
geniality, and to think that she is at the
same time sensible! That Is something
most important In the first lady of tEe
land, for we are bound to follow in San
Francisco whatever pace she sets in
Washington. A few of us are getting
brave enough to appear in dinner Jackets
because Mrs. Roosevelt said it was not
practical to sit in decpllete through long
dinners unprotected from breezes from
electric fans. If Mrs. Roosevelt has made
a practice of bringing the expense of her
clothes within 5250 a year she has out
lived that day, for we read of her appear
ing at one function in a regal robe of
ccrded silk decollete and en train, with
showers of frou frou flounces about the
feet; ornaments, gold necklace and
diamonds. Then the next day In pink
panne, again in mouseline de sole and
other lavish creations that grace Mrs.
Roosevelt, but put economy far into tha
background.
If the debutantes continue to become
more and more Irresistible at those Pre
sidio hops, I wonder what will happen to
the wearers of the gold lace? Last Mon
day seemed to be a white evening, al
though everybody didn't think everybody
else was going to appear In it: Miss Kate
Herrln was a picture in her filmy white
chiffon over pale yellow taffeta, with an
Indescribable garniture of , pale yellow
satin flowers en applique- with the richest
of Persian effects. Miss Marlon Eells was
charming in a soft clinging crepe de chine
gown, while Kathryn Robinson was even
more attractive than ever in cream batiste
over white silk. Elsie Sperry, always
beautifully gowned, wore a -white xnous
seline de sol creation over white silk with
fine lace. But while there were also
gowns in many delicate rainbow tints,
white was most in evidence.
PRICE OF SEATS— T. S. Winters. Tolo
Co.," California. The average price of
seals at the football game between Stan
ford and California University in 1900
was $2 73. •--;.¦¦
They looked especially happy. I noticed
among the guests Mr. and Mrs. Gus Tay
lor, Miss * Frances Hopkins, Mr.. Owens,
Mr. ana Mrs. La/wrence Scott. Miss
Spreckels and > Miss Jennie Blair.
> • • -
Speaking o£ box parties, It will be some
time before any one' equals the charm
ing, theater party, given Saturday #ven
ing at the Columbia by the young
Mr. and . Mrs. William Taylor. Five
boxes/were, filled- arid the occupants
were certainly in the best of spirits.
Miss Georgina Hopkins was guest of
honor; and it is needless to say that her
Prince Charming was also present In the
personality of Mf. T Frederick McNear
• VI noticed that Mrs. WInslow chaperoned
Mr. »' Newhall and , Miss Sophie Pierce,
while Mrs. Drysdale's box contained Mrs.
McEwen, Mrs. Dreyf ogle, Mrs. Currie,
Mr. Arthur. Drysdale and Master • Ellin
wood. - ¦ ¦'¦ 1 :
' 'i Z-"- * "¦-*"¦: •¦
Mrs. Thomas Magee gave a box party,
including Mrs. Walter Magee and Mr. and
Mrs/ Joe Tobln. .. . \.
.The Doctor's Daughters made a social
and. financial success of their Eder Jal
game on Saturday. The unusually cold
weather, was something of a drawback,
but the boxes were filled with members
of the smart set, irreproachable in man
ners . and unapproachable - in costume.
Mrs. E. O.McCormlck was Unable to
occupy her box; as she left for the East
Saturday morning with her husband, but
generously offered the seats to her popu
lar relative. - Mr. t James Henry, who was
accompanied by Miss Elizabeth Hunting
ton, Miss Hammond and Mr. Ralph
Stubbs. The party was chaperoned by
Mrs. J. Kruttschnitt.
The last week the Doctor's Daughters
worked for their Eder Jai benefit, while
the happy little Chrysanthemums agi
tated the plan fora ball on February 1,
the proceeds from. which will go to sup
port a bed in the Children's Hospital. As
this^bed is regularly paid for out of the'
young ladies' pockets it is only natural
that money is ever in demand and the
buds are on tho lookout for more right
now. Then, too, the lady managers of
the .California Eye and Ear Hospital are
selling boxes to their . friends for tho
benefit on Thursday afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house, which event will be
an" important society function.
Was there, ever another # time when so
many of our, society young women were
working for sweet charity, besides dress
ing in their finest imported gowns and
doing- a round- of ¦ luncheons, . teas and
balls!" II Lent were not close at hand,
with its time for proper meditation, I
am sure the buds would soon be at a
loss to know what to appear in next,
but the Lenten, season will bring the
usual respite from functions and numer
ous appointments with the modiste.
By Sally Sharp.
isingIjASS— McG., Anaheim, Cal. There
is no mineral properly called isinglass.
Mica la sometimes so called.
?SEATING CAPACITT-F.K., City. The
seating capacity of the Alcazar Theater
Is 1438. -
Dr. ; George \ !>.- Craven '. of Drummond,
Mont; is registered at the Grand, in com
pany with his wife. - :_'.¦-¦.
. B. F. Perkins, a merchant of Sheridan,
"\Vyo., is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife. . ." '
State Senator J. B. Curtin came down
from Sonora yesterday and took quarters
at the' California. '
Captain C. H. Grant, formerly of the
transport Sheridan, is ' registered at the
Occidental. . . ...'...
~ H. .T. Ames, a merchant of Gait, Is at
the- Lick. • \
T. F.Donaway, a railroad man of Reno,
Nev.,,ls at the Occidental. /
R. H. Herron, an extensive oil dealer of
Los Angeles! Is at the Palace. .
E. May,' a business . man of Portland,
Or., is a late arrival at the LlckV
SWEET CHARITY •
NOT FORGOTTEN
BY FETED BUDS
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Earle Shipbuilding Company at Hull recently became
financially crippled, necessitating suspension of work, it was
All the above vessels are fitted with Belleville boilers. The
coal consumption, it will be noted, varies greatly, which may
be du«j either to the quality of coal or to experienced or ineffi
cient stokers. The Albion's poor showing is probably due to
the latter cause. . , .-
Light but general rains, extending . from British
Columbia to Lower California, have ' greatiy im
proved conditions in California. All talk of crops
drying up or failing to sprout has ceased. We need
still more rain, however, to give us the normal sup
ply, as we arc considerably behind last year's record.
What we need is a good old-fashioned southeaster
or two to put us on Easy street so far as the general
crops arc concerned. With these later on we will roll
up another prosperous year. Otherwise there is
little to note in trade conditions, and as no com
plaints are heard from any quarter the inference that
the State is doing well is natural. But human nature
is never satisfied, and no matter how well we a«-e do
ing we ahva)'s want to do better. Man is built
that way
As far as the staples are concerned but little cha.nge
is. manifest. Iron and steel continue firm, though
the demand is hardly as eager. The car shortage is
being slowly remedied, and there is less complaint on
this score. -New England is beginning to complain
of insufficient margins of profit on print cloths and
similar textiles. Raw wool, however, rules firm, with
a continued good demand.' Eastern shipments of
boots and shoes are still larger than list year, the
gain thus far in January being 11 per cent, which
ought to satisfy the manufacturers. The decline in
sugar appears to have been overdone and the mar
ket has developed renewed strength during the past
few days. There is also more buying of provisions
at Chicago, though coffee has broken again at New
York. The open winter at the East has enabled
builders to do more than usual at this time of the
year, and stocks of lumber are accordingly smaller
and the market is firm, while recent heavy snows in
the lumber regions have stimulated logging opera
tions. Railroad earnings are still running ahead of
1 90 1, while from all parts of the country come reports
of a very large distributive trade, the demand for re
tail and jobbing account being reported immense.
The West continues to send in the best reports, but
even the South, which has lagged behind other sec
lions for months, is now reporting improvement.
Thus it will be seen that the general business of the
country is still in first-class condition, with nothing'
in sight to cause any apprehension. )
The hesitation is best seen by the bank clearings,
which, though 1.2 per cent larger than during the
corresponding week last year, were smaller than dur
ing the closing weeks of 1901. That is, the aggregate
of the money changing hands through bank channels
was less, showing reduced business. At the same
time practically all the leading cities show an excess
over last year, week after week. As long as this gain
is kept up an occasional pause is a good thing. It is
a breathing spell, a halt on a mountain top to look
over the country and locate the chasms and preci
pices before continuing the march. It is financial re
connoitering, and as necessary to trade as military
reconnoitering is to an army. It often averts disaster.
the line. Speculation has ceased to be rabid and
operators in Wall street, on the Chicago Board of
Trade and at other leading exchanges in the country
are showing more caution. There is also less disposi
tion to inflate prices for all sorts of commodities
to the danger point. The passing of several large
syndicates into the hands of receivers since the turn
of the year and the collapse of several large specula
tive operators at Chicago and New York have been
accepted by the financial and commercial public as
tips to go slowly. It is beginning to be seen that
the admonitions of the great bankers last year were
wise. They said the country was traveling too fast,
and it was. They said that there would be a pause
later on, and there is. Not that there is any serious
check to the volume of trade, or especial stringency
in money, for neither condition exists. There is
simply a growing tendency to- take legitimate profits
without pinning any abnormal risks, and it is a good
thing.
THE lull in business mentioned a week or ten
r days ago was even more pronounced last week.
There is now more or less hesitation all along
SOME HESITATION, IN TRADE.
Thirty-one vessels of all classes ¦ passed through their steam
trials and were added to the effective list of the British
navy last year. This number embraces six battleships of 85,900
tons, collectively; four armored cruisers of 48,000 tons, col
lectively; one third class cruiser, of 2200 tons; three sloops j of
3210 tons, , collectively;, thirteen torpedo-boat destroyers, 'of
about 4000 tons, and three tcrpedo boats of 540 tons, making a
grand total of about 143,850 tons. The trials have, in the main,
been . satisfactory and given results exceeding the calculated
speeds. In the appended table giving the principal data of the
steam trials of battleships and armored -cruisers, those vessels
indicated by an asterisk had, their speeds taken by log, while
the other speeds were taken by .runs over a measured mile
course. The trials were under full power and eight hours*
duration: . . . , ' . ".
SIX battleships of 84,000 tons and ten armored cruisers of
' 119,600 tons were launched during 1901 for the British
navy. Of .this fleet four battleships, Corn
¦ wallis, Duncan,' : Exmouth and Russell, 'of. 56,000
tons, collectively, were - built at private yards, while
the Albemarle and Montague, of 28,000 tons, collectively,
.were constructed at dock yards. The armored cruisers Good
Hope, King Alfred and Leviathan, of 14.100 tons each, and the
Bedfordand Monmouth, of 9800 tons, were built by contract.
The armored cruisers Bachante and Euryalus. of 1200 tons
each, the. Drake, of 14,100 tons, and the Essex and Kent, of
9800 tons each, were built in dock yards. Fifty-six and one
quarter „ per cent of the ships and nearly 58 per cent of the
tonnage was built. by contract, leaving a very fair proportion
as the share to the dock yards. Of smaller vessels, exclusive
of destroyers, the sloops Fantome, ' Merlin and Odin, of 1070 tons
each, were all built in Government yards. . , .
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
. Progress on ship building for the United States navy Is de
cidedly slow and unsatisfactory. The three battleships, Maine.
Missouri and Ohio, contracted for in October, 1898, to be com
pleted In June, 1901, have only progressed 78, 54 and 43 per Cent
toward completion In the order named. The four monitors,
also contracted for to be completed in March, 1901, are only ad
advanced from 77 to 92 per cent. Six protected cruisers, to be
delivered in June, 1002, range from 72 to 20 per cent in com
pletion, and sixteen destroyers and nine torpedo boats, which
are from two to three years behind time, are still in the hands
of the contractors. Eight submarine boats, to be delivered last
year, are nearly twelve months behind completion. Of tha
five "battleships contracted for in February, 1901, to be com
pleted in three years, no work has yet been done on two, and
only slight progress with the others. The six armored cruiser3
range from nothing up to 13 per cent, and no work is reported
on the three protected cruisers contracted for in April, 1901, to
be delivered in three years.
The Prlnz Adelbcrt, armored cruiser in the German navy,
which was launched last June, has hitherto been described as a
sister ship to the Prlnz Heinrich, but latest advices show quita
essential differences. The latter Is 8868 tons. 15,000 horse power,
20% -knots speed, and carries a battery of two 9.4-inch, ten
5.9-lnch, and ten 3.4-inch, while the Prlnz Adelbert is of 9043
tohsj 17,000 horse power. 21 knots speed, and carries fou^ 8.4-
Inch, ten 5.9-lnch and twelve 3.4-inch guns. The Krupp armor
belt is four Inches mixfmum thickness, and that of the' lower
deck side four inches, extending for a length of 215 feet. Tha
protective deck .is two inches and the gun protections six
Inches to four inches. The ship has triple screws, fourteen
Durr boilers, 1500 tons normal coal and 1700 tons bunker capaci
ty. There is a marked 'absence of superfluous superstructure
work, and the ship Is altogether a marked improvement upon
her predecessor completed only about one year ago.
The ship yards and engineering works of Schichau, at Elbins
and Danzig, cover collectively 155 acres and give employment to
about 6000 persons. Both yards turn out war and merchant
ships, marine engines, locomotives and other railroad rolling
•stock. The yard at Elbing was established by F. Schichau in
1837. It has now fifteen building slips, and has completed dur
ing the past twenty-three years 250 torpedo vessels and cruisers. 1
The yard at Danzig, covering seventy-three acres, was estab
lished in 1891, and has eight building slips, a 120-ton shear-legs;
and the buildings, machine tools and other labor saving appli
ances are of the latest' Improvement. The thoroughness of the
navy -work done by these establishments is such that of the
many division torpedo boats built since 1894 only one boat re
quired trials extending over a period of three months, while
all the others began and concluded their official trials within
fourteen days. It is a record unsurpassed in any other coun
try. . . . N
for many years one of the leading yards in England, but dis
astrous Government contracts led to Its failure. The works
have been bought by C. H. Wilson, a shipowner who will not
bid for any navy work, and the two destroyers still uncom
pleted will be finished by the Government.
THE KING ALFRED, THE MOST FORMIDABLE OF ALL CRUISERS OF THE WORLD, AS SHE WILL. APPEAR
WHEN IN COMMISSION. AND THE VESSEL'S PROTOTYPE— A WARSHIP OF KING ALFRED'S TIME,
ONE THOUSAND YEARS AGO.
¦ Such in general is the new plan proposed for the
canal. 3 It comes to the £rbht lite" in the . day, but
should the fight between Panama arid Nicaragua end
in a deadlockat this session of Congress it may prove
an important factor in solving the problem. ;
The claims make a' good shpwing on paper. For
the construction of the Darien canal,' however, it
would be necessary to make, a tunnel for five miies
through the mountains. The. plan of the company
is to make. this tunnel 200 feet in the clear arid with
thirty-five feet of water, and they claim the work can
be done at a cost of/87 cents per cubic yard of rock
removed. , . ' # * ,
Aside from the terms suggested, however, the
statements . of the witnesses before the committee
seem to iiave made a favorable impression, and a
good deal ,of consideration, is being given to the
route. It is claimed that while the Panama route
requires a canal forty-six miles long and the Nicara
gua route a very much longer one, the Darien canal
would be but thirty miles long. It has a good natu
ral harbor at each end, while the Panama route has
but one good harbor and the Nicaragua route none
at all. The Panama canal will have many"curves, while
the Darien route would be straight. Either at Pan
ama or .at Nicaragua the canal would have many
locks, while the Darien route would be at sea level.
Of course such a proposition's not likely, to re
ceive much attention from Congress. The people of
the United States are not going to donate $50,000,000
to build a canal for a private company-., Whatever
route be selected, the canal will be built by the Gov
ernment and owned by the Government.
It appeared from replies to questions by the com
mittee that the company, while it claims to "control"
the route, has obtained neither a right of way nor
Government concessions. When asked to make a.
definite proposition to Congress they declined to do
so at that time, but said that within thirty days they,
would be able to state terms. They intimated that the
terms proposed would probably be the retention of
ownership in the canal by the company, 'while the
United States should pay :< 50 per cent of- the cost/the
payments to begin when" $io,ooojooo "worth of work
has been completed. .
The route is being advocated by "The American
Isthmian Canal Company," and those who spoke for,
it before the committee' were General- Edward W.
Serrell, consulting engineer; H. H. Adams, a stock
holder, and^Theodore Schroeder, counsel. They claim
to control a route extending from Mendago harbor
to Pearl Island, based on surveys made by Professor
Hopkins in 1840 and afterward by McDougal, Sweet,
Forman and, Rude ; \ They are reported to have
stated that they have estimates which convince them
that the entire canal could be constructed at sea level
with thirty-five feet depth of water j for a sum not
exceeding $90,000,000 and could be completed within
three years. ' '
B.Y reason of the controversy between. the sup
porters of the Nicaragua route' and those pi
the Panama route for. the proposed isthmian
canal there has arisen a renewe'd interest in-the Da
rien route. A considerable number pf-persons. believe
that route to be the best of the three, and they have
recently. presented their arguments on the subject to
the Congressional committee. They claim to be able
by the Darien, or San Bias route as it is sometimes
called, to provide a canal at sea level which will be
only thirty miles long. j . ¦
THE D ARIEN ROUTE.
It has been alleged that the Government has issued
an ¦ order that Indians shall cut their hair and /quit
painting. their faces; and- now the friends^of :the red
men are asking why. the. Government does not cora :
pel football men to cut their touseled curls and re
strain "society women' from tinting 'the beauty of
their cheeks with artificial. pigments.; ¦
. Upon that showing it is clearly the duty t of Con
gress to augment the powers, of the commission. If
the statutes enacted for the regulation of interstate
commerce are bad they should be repealed, but so
long as they stand they should be enforced. There is
a menace to the country when any corporation is
powerful enough to openly violate the law and go
on its way despite a decision of the Supreme Court
itself.
Finally the commission notes that the railways do
not obey even the courts when it is 'to their advan
tage to ignore them. Thus, referring to certain vio
lations of the anti-trust act, it says: "We call atten
tion to the fact that the decisions of the United States
Supreme Court in. the trans-Missouri and Joint
Traffic Association cases have produced no effect
upon the railway- operations of the country. Such
associations in fact exist now as they did before those
decisions and with the same general effect."
Another obstacle in the way of the enforcement of
the law is found by the commission in the decisions
of the courts that penalties cannot be imposed upon
corporations violating the act, but only upon their
agents. Upon that point the report says:- "The ob
ject of rate cutting is to get business and to make
money, and the corporation, if any one, profits by the
illegal act. It is the real offender and ought cer
tainly to pay the penalty."
In the face of the most flagrant of these violations
of the statute the commission is well-nigh powerless.
It is not easy to convict railways of paying unlawful
rebates, nor. corporations of' receiving them, ' for in
order to obtain such a conviction it is necessary to
show not only that a railway company paid a rebate
to a particular shipper, but that it did not pay the
same rebate to some other shipper with respect to
the same kind of traffic moving at the same time
under similar conditions. Such proof is nearly al
ways impossible. The commission asserts that "de
parture from the published rate is the thing which
can be shown and the thing which should be visited
with punishment."
The violations of the law work a positive injury to
the industries of the country. The commission says
the 'effect of the itbates is to give to those who ob
tain them "an enormous advantage over smaller
competitors located; at other points. Already these
competitors have mostly ceased to exist. These,dis
closures afford a pregnant illustration of the manner
in which secret rate concessions are tending to build
up great trusts and monopolies at the expense of the
small independent operator."
packing houses, men whose names are known
throughout the commercial world, should seemingly
be eager to augment their gains with the enormous
amounts of these rebates which they receive in plain
defiance of a Federal statute."
The railroads, however, do not stand alone in the
violation of the law. The big corporations to which
the rebates are. given share in the guilt as well as in
the benefits. The commission notes the participation
of these corporations and -, after summing up the
wrongs committed by the transportation companies
in the cases under investigation..* says: "Equally
startling at least is the fact that the owners of these
In the brief summary sent out by telegraph, of the
report there is enough to show that the commission
has been rendered more earnest by the failures of the
past to obtain the desired authority and returns to
the attack with unabated vigor. . It presents a state
ment of the unlawful relations existing between cer
tain railway . corporations and a number of large
shippers, and, referring to recent investigations, says:
"The facts therein developed are of such a character
that no thoughtful person can contemplate them with
indifference. That the leading traffic officials of many
of the principal railway lines, men occupying high
positions and charged with the most important du
ties, should deliberately violate the statute law of the
land and in some cases agree with each other to do
so; that it should be thought: by them necessary to
destroy vouchers and to so manipulate bookkeeping
as to obliterate every evidence of the transactions;
that hundreds of thousands of dollars should be paid
in unlawful rebates to a few great packing houses;
that the business of railroad transportation should to
such an extent be conducted in open disregard of
law, must be surprising and. offensive to air right
minded persons."
ONCE more the Interstate Commerce Com
mission has presented to Congress an earnest'
plea for greater authority in the enforcement
of law" and an invincible argument why , . the plea
should be granted.; Congress may ignore^ the argu-'
ment, may evade it, but cannot refute it. The com
mission has evidence to sustain its assertions. It has
proof in abundance that the laws enacted by Con
gress for the regulation of interstate commerce are
being flagrantly violated by railroads and by other
large corporations, while the commission under its
present powers is unable to do anything more than to
complain of the violation.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE.
Doubtless there were a ' good many convicts in
Iowa who merited pardon, though the courts of the
State have never been accused /of 'being
vere. When, however,: the. pardons include so^many
of the, inmates of the State prisons it is' clear
the executive clemency has been abused. The news
papers of Iowa should hereafter insist upon having
access to pardon records. Secrecy evidently does
not work for the public good. It is to be hoped that
in his new office Secretary Shaw will not follow the
rule he adopted as Governor of \ Iowa.
There can • tTe' no question • that' in pursuing ; the
course he did the . Governor ¦ made a grave mistake:
The ' proportion of ..criminals to -¦ population in the
United States as compared with .that in other civil
ized countries having anything like bur degree of
public prosperity is in the 'nature of a national dis
grace. There are good reasons for believing the chief
cause of it is the weaknesY of the administration of
law. The police find their best efforts at suppressing
crime thwarted in many ways by the court's,.* arid it is
frequently impossible to obtain .the conviction , even
of notorious offenders.* If. now to that. weakness' of
the courts there be added an indiscriminate . exercise
of executive clemency the situation; could hardly be
made worse by abolishing law altogether.
the duty of f earresting and reconvicting them or of
lying .exposed to their depredations on property/arid
their-assa'ults'up6n'lifeV3j"<^r.^'V/!;.r.^>:.!"--;
THE S&N- FRANCISCO CALL, :*M6"M>AiY£ JANUARY 27, 1 902^
4
I NAME OF*.' SHIP. "
Implacable ..........
Bulwark
Formidable
•Irresistible .:.... •
•Albion ..:...
•Vengeance .
SutleJ ..".....
?Bachante
*Aboukir
Hogue •
?3 i Horsepower. Speed. O
§ . M°
¦ :-: ,§:.¦ is S. .-2. go
• ;' ; ; ; ;5"
15,000 15,000 15,262 18* 18.22 1.87
13,000 15.C00 15,353 IS 18.15 -1.83
15,000 15,000 15,552 18 18.13 1.80
15.000 15,000 15.603 IS 18.2 1.97
12.050 13,500 13.&85 18.25 17.8 2.04
12,050 13.5O0 18,852 18.25 18.5 1.72
12,000 21,000 21,201 21 21.78 2.36
12.000 21,000 21,520 21 21.7 1.70
12.000 21,000 21.S75 21 21.6 1.84
12,000 21,000 21.432 21 ' 22.06 2.M
I
Horsepower.
Speed.
I NAME OF*.' SHIP. "
Implacable ..........
Bulwark
Formidable
•Irresistible .:.... •
•Albion ..:...
•Vengeance .
SutleJ ..".....
?Bachante
*Aboukir
Hogue •
?3 i Horsepower. Speed. O
§ . M°
¦ :-: ,§:.¦ is S. .-2. go
• ;' ; ; ; ;5"
15,000 15,000 15,262 18* 18.22 1.87
13,000 15.C00 15,353 IS 18.15 -1.83
15,000 15,000 15,552 18 18.13 1.80
15.000 15,000 15.603 IS 18.2 1.97
12.050 13,500 13.&85 18.25 17.8 2.04
12,050 13.5O0 18,852 18.25 18.5 1.72
12,000 21,000 21,201 21 21.78 2.36
12.000 21,000 21,520 21 21.7 1.70
12.000 21,000 21.S75 21 21.6 1.84
12,000 21,000 21.432 21 ' 22.06 2.M
I
Horsepower.
Speed.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening-.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "Coralie & Co."
Columbia — "The Princess Chic"
prpbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Norah."
California— "Ole Olson."
Tlvoll — "The Ameer."
Central — "A Man of Mystery."
By Wm. G. Layng — Thursday, January 30, at 11 o'clock,
P&lo Alto Brood Mares, at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SAXES.HOUSTON, Tex., Jan. 26.— In a rear-end
collision between twp sections of a stock
train at 3 o'clock this mornne near Keller,
fifteen miles north of Fort Worth. W. T.
Stillwell was killed and his body burned
In the wreck, and J. G. Adkins was fatally
injured. '
Killed in a Train Collision.
It is believed that a new era has dawned
for Dlxon and the vicinity because of the
Introduction of the new current. Many
new enterprises are talked of. j The LUxon
Roller Mills, a property that has been idle
for many months, will soon be in op
eration again, and a cannery will no doubt
be erected during the present year. A
creamery plant was installed last year
and is now In successful operation. The
introduction of • the current, by ¦ -which
pumping plants may be operated, will
stimulate irrigation projects that are al
ready under way. ¦' The town has been
poorly lighted by electricity for several
years, but last evening the streets and
business houses -were ablaze with electric
lights. The formation of a Board of
Trade will be effected within a few days.
DIXON. Jan. 26.— DIxon was rife with
enthusiasm last 'night because of the ln
troduction of an electric current from the
lines of the Bay Counties Power Company,
which pass through the town. A meet
ing of citizens and business men was
held in. the Opera House and ! many
speeches were made. ' . :
DIXON, ALL ALIGHT .
WITH ELECTRic " LAMPS
The President's favorite* hymns - were
sung. They were "Lead, /Kindly Light,"
by Dr. John H. Newman; "Nearer, My
God; to Thee,'-' by Sarah Adams, and
"The Sure Reward," of which the late
President was exceedingly fond. Rev.
Milton D. Buck spoke of the late Presi
dent McKinley' s faith and his choice of
hymns, that sustained him in the vigor of
life and when death approached.
The memory of the late President Wil
liam-McKInley was fittingly honored last
evening at (Trinity j Methodist Episcopal
Church, Sixteenth and Market streets. The
service was in pursuance of the resolu
tions set forth by the McKInley National
Memorial Association, which -were in
dorsed by Governors Nash of Ohio and
Gage of California, that all churches in
the United States observe birthday of
William McKinley on the Sunday preced
ing January -29, with appropriate exercises
and the collection of an offering for tne
national monument fund. . -
suance of ' Resolutions.
Exercises Are Held at Trinity Meth
/ odist Episcopal Church in Pur-
LATE PRESIDENT'S MEMORY
• IS FITTINGLY HONORED
Jacob Kampfer, 65 years of age, wa3
found dead < in his, room, 675 Mission
street, yesterday morning, and the body
was taken to • the Morgue. Kampfer's
head had been bothering him for a few
days and when he went out" Friday for a
walk he fell on the sidewalk, injuring his
face. He was 5 taken to the Emergency
Hospital and was discharged in a. few
hours. Erysipelas set in, which Is sup
posed to have caused" his "death. -He was
unmarried. . • . .
His brother, had gone for a walk and
when he returned . he found Betz's dead
body, with the . revolver . clutched in the 1
right hand. William had undergone an
operation for appendicitis about two
weeks ago and it is presumed the sub
sequent pain , drove him to' end his life.
He was- unmarried. The body was taken
to the Morgue. - •
Dear Brother: I cannot endure my intense
sufferings any longer. I therefore seek relief
In death..: WILLIAM BETZ.
William Betz, a window polisher, 37
years of age, . committed suicide yester
day morning by shooting himself
through the head while in his bed at
824 Pacific street. He left a note, writ
ten in pencil, for his brother, Charles,
who lived in the same house. The note
was as follows: •¦ • , . -
Mrs. Bridget Leonard, a nurse, 62 years
of age, committed , suicide yesterday
morning at her^ residence, 2633 Post street,
by; swallowing "a dose' of strychnine. The
Morgue officials were notified and Chief
Deputy ' Coroner. McCormickj ,went out to
investigate.' At the urgent request of the
relatives the ' body was not taken to the
Morgue, and Dr.' Bacigalupi performed
an autopsy at the house! Mrs. Leonard
had .been*, acting queerly \ for some time
and her niece, Miss Bridget McE>ermott,
had, been stopping with her. Shortly
af ter . 7 o'6lock yesterday morning^ Mrs.
Leonard got ; out of bed, andwhfti she
returned she told Miss McDermott that
she had taken poison. Dr. v Mohun of 1817
Eddy street was notified and v he worked
on Mrs. Leonard for more than an
hour, but . death ensued. She had kept
the strychnine in the house to kill rats.
William Betz Fatally Shoots
Himself Through the .
Hea(3.
Mrs. Bridget Leonard, a
Nursed Ends Her
Existence.
SWALLOWS DOSE
OF STRYCHNINE
The municipality, of Geneva manufac
tures its own gas, owns. water works and
furnishes electric light and power to the
city. The electric power Is obtained from
the Rhone, on which river the. Council
has- established an elaborate turbine sys
tem. . v- "t . ¦ ::'-' '¦¦'¦'¦ ' ¦;¦ ..; ¦:,'¦ ¦
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 26.— Samuel Mc-
Rae, fourth vice president of the Penn
sylvania Railroad Company, who will,
have direct executive charge of the con
struction of the extensive New York tun
nel for that company under the two riv
ers and Manhattan Island, in discussing
the reports that the company will be
forced to pay exorbitant prices for prop
erty In New York for terminal purposes,
because speculators have obtained pos
session of much of the property needed,'
said to-day: .
When the Pennsylvania Railroad first began
to purchase property In New York for terminal
purposes, and before it was known what the
purpose of these purchases was or who the real
purchaser was, certain real estate speculators,
observing the activity in real estate in the.
vicinity of the proposed terminal, bought up
certain properties and secured options on others
in aMvance of the company's representatives.
When it was finally announced that the Penn
sylvania Railroad proposed to tunnel under the
two rivers and Manhattan Island, together
with the location of the terminal station, these
speculators at once placed a prohibitive value
upon the property secured by them. Being un
able to come 10 terms with them as to price
there is nothinK left to do but to secure it under
condemnation proceedings, which will be insti
tuted at the proper time. In the purchase of
the property by the speculators the prices paid
by them were greatly in excess of that paid
for surrounding and adjoining property secured
by the company, and which under such pro
ceedings will form largely the basis of value
for the property yet to be obtained, some of
which is held by the speculators. On that
basis the speculators are likely to be awarded
less for the properties held by them than they
paid for them.
ABANDONS HIS HORSE
AND'.DIES IN THE SNOW
Thirteen.-Xear.-Old Boy. Perishes Doxr-
ing a Mountain Blizzard
in Oregon.
HUNTINGTON, Or., Jan. 2C— Grover F.
Locke, aged 13 years, son of S. Locke, a
stockman and broker of Huntington, was
frozen to death in the blizzard which
struck this vicinity last Friday evening.
The young man had started for his
father's ranch, twelve miles distant.
When near the summit of a. ranee ' of
mountains his horse refused to face the
storm, and young Locke started to make
the remaining distance on foot. He had
gone only a short distance when he fell .
face downward in the snow. His body,
was found in this position by. searching
parties this afternoon.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Jan 2tt— Stmr
Westernland. from Liverpool and Queenstown.
enian, from Liverpool; slmr La Champagne,
from Havre.
MOVILL.E — Sailed Jan 26 — Stmr Furnessia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Jan 2&— Stmr Aller,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
Steamer' Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
¦ At last, worn but with flying back -and
forth, the monarch flew to the summit
of Alta- plaza,' which fronts the resi
dences of School Director Denman, Colo
nel Mendel of the Board of Works and
other solid citizens. As they looked 'out
of their windows they saw a wild rush
of men and boys for the top of the plaza.
The hunters disregarded the "keep off
the grass" signs, and had but one
thought, which was to make a capture.
Several : times an attempt was made to
snare the bird by throwing sacks over It3
head. One large boy finally succeeded in
doing this. Then L.. Doringinl of 26:21
Clay street swooped down upon the tired
eaglel while it struggled and boldly seized
its wings. That ended the hunt. Lorln
gini knew what to do. He held the eagle
a captive by Its two wings,- which he
held together above the back of the bird
of freedom,' notwithstanding its strug
gles. Lorlngini took his captive hom^
and now has an eagle to sell that was
captured In a residence portion of - San
Francisco., •. * ¦ - o
Sack Thrown" Over Bird.
Not even an eagle could stand It long.
Very soon the bird side-stepped, and
then, after a preliminary flap or two of
Its .huge wings, soared upward. The
movements of the bird indicated -that it
was tired. It flew eastward over the
housetops toward Flllmore street, where
its appearance was nailed with amaze
ment by many staid citizens who were
out enjoying the weather with their
wives and children. A swarming crowd
ran along Clay street in pursuit of the
eagle and began to bombard Its . new
resting place. For a long time the bird
was chased about. At one time it perched
upon a high tin- coping to a 'chimney,
probably thinking that there it would be
above the range of. the boys. It did not
know how much they were interested in
the American eagle. .. ¦
The first of the missiles that hurtled
over the roof edge -toward the eagle was
regarded by the object of the hunt with
contempt. The' eagltf. did' not.- deign-to
stir, but looked majestically; with , pierc
ing gaze at- far distant objects and disre
garded the small boys and all their artil
lery. Directly, however,' the boys got
the range, and then stone after stone
rattled upon the eagle's resting place,
and the fusillade beat a tattoo that was
extremely interesting to the dwellers Jn
the house and awoke the admiration of
the people for v th£ ; clever marksmanship
of the juveniles. .„
Driven to Flight by Stones.
The unusual spectacle of an: eagle hunt
in the heart of the Western Addition of
this city was sufficient to keep on edge
the live interest of several hundred per
sons for quite a period yesterday after
noon. Somewhere about 3 o'clock the
eagle, whose ample _ wings measure ten
feet from, tip to tip/ swooped down 'upon'
the roof of a residence on the east side
of Steiner street, between Sacramento
and Clay streets, and, taking, up a com
manding position upon the ridge pole - of
the dwelling, calmly surveyed the
pleasant neighborhood for some time.
He did not long escape wondering 'obser
vation. Small boys at first espied the
king of the air and shouted the striking
information to other boys, equally. 1 > as
small and fully as excitable, and soon
the streets were filled with people.
When it was made to appear that the
eagle was not bent on hostilities nor"
searching for a fat baby for its Sunday
dinner, every one plucked up courage, and
then the small boys, who were now
myriad, took to their favorite pastime cf
throwing stones as natuarally as a- duck
takes to water.
Bird of Freedom -Causes
5 an Odd Episode on
? Sunday.
Speculators. Bond Land
Needed for Terminal -
Purposes.
CITIZENS VIEW
AN EAGLE HUNT
RAISE VALUES
ON A RAILROAD
' Terry will visit his physician, Dr. 'Crump, to-morrow to have hla dam
aged nose dressed.
Mrs. Kernochan asked permission to inspect Terry's quarters and staples
some day this week. The Kernochans lived for a time on ' the premises
now occupied by the Brooklyn, boy. Terry says he will put on the gloves
with his brother Hugh when his fashionable guests call. , '.
: First the horses were visited and the good points of each pointed out by
the fair hostess. Then the kennels were inspected and a hundred odd
canines cf fashionable breed gave Terry an enthusiastic ; welcome. Two
hours; were spent on the grounds. Then the party returned . to . the house,
where tea. was served, and, Terry was shown the . Kernochan treasures, • con
sisting of paintings, plate, /tapestries, bric-a'-brac, etc. At 4 o'clock Terry
by a, determined effort broke away. • : '
The Kernochan mansion, "The Meadows." is less than 51)0 yards from
Terry's quarters, but as he ..was doing things in style he; decided . to drive
his. trotting mare and rubber- tired runabout. Mrs. Kernochan was enter
taining a house party ; over Sunday, among the guests being Miss Ethel
Hitchcock, Mrs. James P. Kernochan. Mr. Kernochan's. mother^ the
Taber, Singleton, Van Schaick, Cambridge and Livingston and Charles
Rodman Cottonet. . The whole party helped Mrs. Kernochan j entertain Terry
and Martin. • : "- . '. •, • ,..",.. ¦'".¦•¦'-" ¦ - ¦". ' ••¦'"¦
HEMPSTEAD, N.:Y.. Jan. 26.— Terry McGovern broke into swelldom
to-day and says he had. the time of his life. Not only was Terry
entertained by* a member , of the ultra-fashionable set, but he was
introduced to three of the fairest of this year's debutantes.
..- Mrs.- James £i..Kernochan yesterday expressed a desire to meet
her new neighbor, Terry McGovern, and as soon as Terry' heard of it he de
termined to enter the arena of society and compare with the boxing
arena. "Terrible Terry." -very- subdued, but determined, left .his draining
quarters at 1 o,' clock, taking his horse trainer, Chris Martin, who is in the
heavy-weight class,' with him for protection. After much thought Terry de
cided that a scarlet sweater, a garnet waistcoat with white;" polka dots,
a blue, sack coat and trousers, varnished shoes and a Derby hat were about
the proper caper for an afternoon call.and he was 'togged "out accordingly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Glad ; in a Sweater, ''Terrible
•Tetidy'' Makes a Fashionable Call.
TERRY M'GOVERN BREAKS
INTO EXCLUSIVE SOCIETY
FROM SEATTLE.
TO SAIL.
I NOTE — The high i and low ¦ waters occur at
the . city ; front - (Mission-street wharf) . : about
twenty-five minutes later, than at Fort Point;
the height ¦ of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Times :,and Heights, of. High; and Low
. ' Waters at Fort ¦ Point, entrance to ¦ San
.Francisco Bay. Published by offlclall au
thority of the Superintendent. -
, Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY.: JANUARY 27.
Sun • rises ....... i .....'...... ?. .7 -18
Sun '.: sets .-, . ..;.'.. .V; .'. . .......'. ...... ,-;. ; ; . ..5:27
•Moon rises :'. ¦•^...-.......9:40 p m
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Jan 26— Stmr . Sax
onia. from Liverpool, for New Tork.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Bohem-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Victoria,
for Hongkong: Br stmr Amur, for Alaska.
HONGKONG— Arrived nrevious to Jan 25—
Br rtmr Chinp Wo, from Glasgow, for Seattle.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Jan 24 — Stmr Olympla,
from Honsrkone, for Tacoma.
HAMBURG — Arrived Jan 26 — Br stmr Lin
colnshire, from . Seattle.
MANILA — Arrived Jan 24 — Br stmr Adato,
from Portland.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed Jan 26— Schr Spo
kane, for Iqulqul. '
SEATTLE — Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Excelsior,
for Valdes; stmr Al Ki, for Skagway.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 2ft— Bark
Carondelet, for San Francisco. •¦ ,
BANDON — Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Argo,
hence Jan 22.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Jan 25 — Schr Volun
teer, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jar. 26— Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 24; stmr Elmore, from Tillamook.
COOS BAT — Sailed Jan 26 — Stmr Signal and
Bchr Eliza Miller, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA, Jan 20 — The sound eteamer Ma
jestic is stranded in Victoria harbor. Will
probably float at hich tide.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 26, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S E, velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC. .
Sunday, January 26.
Stmr Celia, Adler, for .
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, for Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, for San Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, for Victoria
and Port Townsend.
Stmr Arctic, Erickson, for Fort Bragg.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, for .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, for Mendocino.
Stmr Santa Paula, McGovern, for San Pedro,
In tow of tug Rescue.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, for Portland.
Bktn Portland, Clark, for .
Schr Gem, Nygram, for Coos Bay.
Rchr Monterey, Panzer, for .
Schr Volant. Halveson. for Portland. '
Schr Esther Buhne, Salvesen, for Grays
Harbor.
£chr Western Home, Lembke, for Coos Bay,
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brasting, for Port Gam
ble.
Schr Maria E S,mith, Nilsen, for Port Gam
ble. .
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, for Grays
Harbor.
Schr J G Wall. Anderson, for Eureka.
SAILED.
Sunday,; January 26.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Brag?. •. -
Stmr Asuncion. Evans, 414 days from Ta
coma.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Phoenix, Odlaod, 14 hours- from Mer_
docino.
Stmr State cf California, Swanson, 40 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
• Stmr Gipsy. Iceland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Sequoiaj Winkel, 78 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Bktn City of Papeete, Ipsen, 8 days from
Port Gamble. "¦
Schr Glendale. Gronveld, 9 days from Ta
coma. • ' .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The French barkMoliere; one of the ves
sels ordered here from Astoria, arrived
late yesterday afternoon. She made the
trip down in four days.
French Bark Moliere Arrives.
The steam schooner National City ar
rived yesterday, from Fort Bragg. She was
to have towed down the disabled Noyo,
but the weather was too stormy.
Did Not Bring N"oyo.
The 650 mules that will fill the Willcw
dene's two and a half story mule barn
are almost all aboard. There are still
about 120 on shore, which will be shipped
to-day. The vessel will probably get away
to-morrow.
Willowdene Almost Loaded.
The steamship State of California ar
rived yesterday from San Diego after a
rough trip. Several heavy seas were
shipped, but the trip was made on sched
ule time. She carried a large number of
passengers, travel being exceptionally
heavy on account of the prevailing cheap
rates.
Carried Many Excursionists.
Many members of the local British col
ony visited H. M. S. Phaeton yesterday.
The warship will finish coaling to-day
and be in readiness to continue her search
for the Condor just as soon as the steam
ship Sierra arrives with the latest advices
from Honolulu.
Visitors to Phaeton.
The new steam schooner Phoenix ar
rived yesterday thirty-six hours from
Mendocino, completing her maiden trip
with satisfactory results. The Phoenix
was tied up at Mendocino during the re
cent norther. Although the vessel es
caped injury the storm did considerable
damage at Mendocino, wrecking property
and scattering a number of lumber piles.
The Norther at Mendocino.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company'^
new passenger ship Spokane will spend a
few hours on the bay to-day for the pur
pose of having her compasses adjusted.
If she behaves up to expectations an offi
cial trial trip will be dispensed with, as
there Is lots of work yet to be done to get
the steamship ready by next Sunday,
when she makes her first regular trip.
Spokane Will Take a Spin.
Signals for a tug were hoisted. -A'ter
rific sea came aboard and swept the
schooner's decks from end to end. As she
got In among the breakers sea after sea
broke over her, and to those that watche.1
her plight seemed hopeless.. A breez*?,
however, that came suddenly as had the
calm filled her sails and the Western
Home was once more under control. Care
fully and skillfully she was steered
through the breakers. The breeze fresh
ened, and with a sigh of relief the watch
ers saw the schooner, leap clear of the
broken water and resume her voyage in
safety. . . ¦ :' ..
When the schooner was oft! Point Bo
nita the wind fell very, suddenly. Before
the crew of the Western Home knew
what was happening- their vessel was
drifting toward the Potato Patch, . where
the angrry breakers sputtered warnings
of ship-destroying rocks. Captain Lembke
exhausted every resource known. to sailor
craft, but In spite of his efforts the
schooner got nearer and nearer to what
looked like certain destruction. " ¦_ :
The schooner Western Home, which
sailed yesterday for Coos Bay, narrowly
escaped destruction at the very outser of
her voyage on the sharp-pointed rocks
of the Potato Patch. .
Sudden Fallmg of the "Wind
Leaves Vessel at Mercy cf
the Curren\
Western Home Narrowly
Escapes Being Lost
on Potato Patch.
SCHOONER DRIFTS
INTO BREAKERS
- NOTE— rln ' the above exposition -of- the tlde3
the ! early morning tides | are < given . In j the left
hand, column and the >. successive tides of the
day in the order, of .occurrence as. to time;' the
fourth ( time column | gives- the ' last tide I o? ¦ the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. ¦•> The; heights, given ore , in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey, Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, -and tfcen the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts.''. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the low«r low, waters. " •.-.- ,> t, •.
TH'ETSAN, FRANCISCO CALL, OVIONDAY, JA^sUARY; 27, 1902;
5
M«tm«r.
"rom.
I Dim.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt.' Orford.|Jan. 27
Argro Coqullle River Jan. 21
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 27
Tltanla Nanalmo Jan. 27
China . . China Sc Japan .Jan. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sierra -....Sydney 4c Way Ports.. Jan. 27
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 28
San Pedro Grays Harbor Jan . 20
3. S. Khnball Seattle & Xacoma Jan. 20
Pleiades . Seattle ....Jan. 20
Denderah Seattle .... ........ Jan 29
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 80
buultoia.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Pt. Arena Point Arena Jan. 80
Pomona ..Humboldt j an so
Aztec Tacoma Jan , 30
Empire. . .... Cooa Bay , j an . 30
Newburg .... Grays Harbor ......... j an 30
Chehalls Grays Harbor j an 30
Mackinaw... Tacoma ., j an 3 <
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan* ' J .l
Bo", 1 ** • Newport ft Way Ports. Jan.' 31
Leelanaw New York via Panama Jan -it
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 77..' Feb" 1
Tucapel. . .... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb' 1
North Fork . . Humboldt * . . f%k l
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock .. .." y e b i
M. Dollar.... San Pedro .........../' p«b '2
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor .... i?|b' 2
G. Dollar Grays Harbor " Feb a
li. W. Klrter. Portland & Astoria .. ' Feb' 4
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .< v-fh n
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports,..'." Feb «
Spokane..... jfen Diego & Way Pts. . . Feb.' C
Bteatner. ¦ [ Destination.
I " ' ' in ¦
lestinatlon.
ISaila.
PlM.
_ January 27.
Pomona... Humboldt , :.....
_¦ • Jnnnttty 28. i
Phoenix . . . Mendoclno City ....
Argo CoquiUe River ......
Area t a.... Coos B. & Pt. Orford.
City Para.. Panama & Way Pts.
O. Elder. . . Astoria & ) Portland.
- . January 2O.
Argyll-...- n. y ; via .Panama.'.
Eureka. . . . Humboldt
State Cal.. S an Diego & Way..
Sequoia .... Grays Harbor . .
, January SO.
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports..
Coos Bay., san Pedro & Way..|
H. K. Maru china & Japan......;
January 31.
Empire .... Coob Bay . . . :" .... . .
Nlcarla:..: Hamburg & Way Pts
Queen... •• Putret Sound Ports.'.
: : - . February 1.': j
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What..,
; . Febr«ary, a. '-. ,
Columbia. '. Astoria A • Portland.
.T. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma..
Spokane... 6anDlejro, &; Way.-.i
.... February 3. ¦ ,
Newburg.. Grays Harbor .'..¦...
February 5.
UmatUla.. Pu«r«»t Sound Ports..
* ¦¦ ; . February O."
G. Dollar. . Orays Harbor ......
Dendcrah.". Hamburg & Way Pts
Tucapel... Valparaiso & Way..
Sierra..... Sydney & Way Pts. i
l:30piPier 0
: 3 pm Pier 1.1
['4 pm Pier 2
|12 m Pier 13
1 12 miPMSsj
11 amiPier 2i
2 ptnjPler 10
» am | Pier 13
0 am|Pier U
5 pm Pier ; 2.
3 pm Pier 3
0 am Pier 11
ipmPMSS"
12 m] Pier 13
..IPlerW
111 amiPier u
5 pmiPler ' 2
ill amiPler2*
1 10 am Pier < 2
I 0 am Pier 11
'5 pm Pier '2
11 am Pier, 9
5 pm Pier ' 2
...... Pier 3 1
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pier 7
Steemer.
For.
Balls.
Farallon.... . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.* 28
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 30
Dirlgo Skagway, & Way Ports. IFeb. 5
Bertha. ...... Valdez & Way Ports. . .Feb. » .7
Time
£ _ — Ft.i — : — !
p H'W : L W
87~ 2:20 5.4 7:53
28 2:59 8.4 8:66
29 «:42 ,5.3 10:00
80' 4:26 5.2 10:59
81 ,B:H 6.1 12:03
1\ 6:00 :. 5.0 1:00
L. ,W , H W
: 2 0:10 2.9 0:50
8 l:06| 3.0 7:35|
Ft.'
H W
2.1 1:68
' 2.0 2:68
M.9 4:01
: 1.8 5:13
1.8 6:33
; 1.2 7:50
•-:':- [L. rw
-5.01,1:50 ;
! . 5.0| 2:35
Ft
, 4.3
! 4.0
1 3.7
8.5
3.S
, J OR
! 0.5
L-W
8:04
8:46
9:33
10:20
11:10
Ft)
: o.T.
,1:3
I i.s
2.7
H W
8:54
9:44
. ' • I
1 4.0
M«tm«r.
"rom.
I Dim.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt.' Orford.|Jan. 27
Argro Coqullle River Jan. 21
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 27
Tltanla Nanalmo Jan. 27
China . . China Sc Japan .Jan. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sierra -....Sydney 4c Way Ports.. Jan. 27
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 28
San Pedro Grays Harbor Jan . 20
3. S. Khnball Seattle & Xacoma Jan. 20
Pleiades . Seattle ....Jan. 20
Denderah Seattle .... ........ Jan 29
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 80
buultoia.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Pt. Arena Point Arena Jan. 80
Pomona ..Humboldt j an so
Aztec Tacoma Jan , 30
Empire. . .... Cooa Bay , j an . 30
Newburg .... Grays Harbor ......... j an 30
Chehalls Grays Harbor j an 30
Mackinaw... Tacoma ., j an 3 <
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan* ' J .l
Bo", 1 ** • Newport ft Way Ports. Jan.' 31
Leelanaw New York via Panama Jan -it
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 77..' Feb" 1
Tucapel. . .... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb' 1
North Fork . . Humboldt * . . f%k l
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock .. .." y e b i
M. Dollar.... San Pedro .........../' p«b '2
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor .... i?|b' 2
G. Dollar Grays Harbor " Feb a
li. W. Klrter. Portland & Astoria .. ' Feb' 4
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .< v-fh n
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports,..'." Feb «
Spokane..... jfen Diego & Way Pts. . . Feb.' C
Steemer.
For.
Balls.
Farallon.... . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.* 28
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 30
Dirlgo Skagway, & Way Ports. IFeb. 5
Bertha. ...... Valdez & Way Ports. . .Feb. » .7
Time
£ _ — Ft.i — : — !
p H'W : L W
87~ 2:20 5.4 7:53
28 2:59 8.4 8:66
29 «:42 ,5.3 10:00
80' 4:26 5.2 10:59
81 ,B:H 6.1 12:03
1\ 6:00 :. 5.0 1:00
L. ,W , H W
: 2 0:10 2.9 0:50
8 l:06| 3.0 7:35|
Ft.'
H W
2.1 1:68
' 2.0 2:68
M.9 4:01
: 1.8 5:13
1.8 6:33
; 1.2 7:50
•-:':- [L. rw
-5.01,1:50 ;
! . 5.0| 2:35
Ft
, 4.3
! 4.0
1 3.7
8.5
3.S
, J OR
! 0.5
L-W
8:04
8:46
9:33
10:20
11:10
Ft)
: o.T.
,1:3
I i.s
2.7
H W
8:54
9:44
. ' • I
1 4.0
Bteatner. ¦ [ Destination.
I " ' ' in ¦
lestinatlon.
ISaila.
PlM.
_ January 27.
Pomona... Humboldt , :.....
_¦ • Jnnnttty 28. i
Phoenix . . . Mendoclno City ....
Argo CoquiUe River ......
Area t a.... Coos B. & Pt. Orford.
City Para.. Panama & Way Pts.
O. Elder. . . Astoria & ) Portland.
- . January 2O.
Argyll-...- n. y ; via .Panama.'.
Eureka. . . . Humboldt
State Cal.. S an Diego & Way..
Sequoia .... Grays Harbor . .
, January SO.
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports..
Coos Bay., san Pedro & Way..|
H. K. Maru china & Japan......;
January 31.
Empire .... Coob Bay . . . :" .... . .
Nlcarla:..: Hamburg & Way Pts
Queen... •• Putret Sound Ports.'.
: : - . February 1.': j
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What..,
; . Febr«ary, a. '-. ,
Columbia. '. Astoria A • Portland.
.T. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma..
Spokane... 6anDlejro, &; Way.-.i
.... February 3. ¦ ,
Newburg.. Grays Harbor .'..¦...
February 5.
UmatUla.. Pu«r«»t Sound Ports..
* ¦¦ ; . February O."
G. Dollar. . Orays Harbor ......
Dendcrah.". Hamburg & Way Pts
Tucapel... Valparaiso & Way..
Sierra..... Sydney & Way Pts. i
l:30piPier 0
: 3 pm Pier 1.1
['4 pm Pier 2
|12 m Pier 13
1 12 miPMSsj
11 amiPier 2i
2 ptnjPler 10
» am | Pier 13
0 am|Pier U
5 pm Pier ; 2.
3 pm Pier 3
0 am Pier 11
ipmPMSS"
12 m] Pier 13
..IPlerW
111 amiPier u
5 pmiPler ' 2
ill amiPler2*
1 10 am Pier < 2
I 0 am Pier 11
'5 pm Pier '2
11 am Pier, 9
5 pm Pier ' 2
...... Pier 3 1
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pier 7
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' ' , Steamers leave Broadway
Shw. : Wharf, San Francisco:
tgSMjBfci. For Ketchikan, Juneau.
lESKS^gk.^. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
RP^rJfiSfe m., Jan. 26, 31. Feb. 5.
|^JHI«N| Change to company" s steam-
JWB8feS?aKlai For " Victoria, Vancouver.
1 f- Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Nevr Whatcom
— 11 a.' m., Jan. 28. 31. Feb. 5. Chanee at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver. to C. P. Ry. -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 27 Feb.l. - ¦ _,
For San Diego, stopping- only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Radondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer- Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblapo), *Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro ana
•Newport (*Bonita only).
Bonita, 9 a. m., Jan. 26, Feb. 3.
. Coos Bay, -9 a. m., Jan. 30, Feb. 7. »
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of eacn
month. ' ":'¦¦-.-- ' ~ <¦ .
• For further information obtain folders. ,
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ins dates: .... s 1- < - '.* < -...
ij/TCK 'FT 1 . r»iT"PTCE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & ¦CO., Gen. Agents.
, 10 Market Bt., San Francises.
O R & Af» CO.
Only Steamslilp Ijiamo -to. .
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short: Rail Line from Portland to n'l
points East. Through Ticket* to all
"- points, «H pa" or steamship «nd pail, at
IiOWKST HATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 UJOLUDE BERTH ani MEAL3. ¦
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. 1 .
.....Jan. 13, 24; Feb. 2, 12, 22
BS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.
.. . ..........Jan. 18, 28; Feb. 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of. Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Monts*y. S.F.
PACIFIG STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Cud America a Jo Vaporej;
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. ' Sailingr from How-
ard S, * pier 10, 12 m. .
TUCAFEL .'...Feb. 6 PA LENA .... Feb.' 2S
GUATEMALA. . Feb. 16 COLOMBIA —
' Th'es«f steamers . are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South . American :" passenger .. servica.
(No change at.Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen Agenta.
TO HEW: YORK VU: PAmV OflEJf.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free. '
6. S. Arftyil »a\i* Wednssday, Jon.-^9
S. (S. Leelan i".v fa51<Frilnv, Feb. 7
*>- " t»i Arftyll > i-niU Thurs lay. Map. IS
• From Harrison-street wharf at ' 2 p. m. ,
Freight and Passenger I Office. 330 Market sC
: F. F. CONNOR, Pacific' Coast Agent."
SS. SIERRA/ for Honolulu, .Samoa, Auck- .
land and 'Sydney .'.Tjiurs. Feb. 0. 10 a.- m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
. • ..:...'... .'.Saturday, Feb. 15, '02, 2 p. m.
Id. SPstCXELS k dWS. m , Bsngra agans. 32-/ Sarsej st
W\ PassenGa? O!Sk. 543 Mirkat St.. rter la. ?. PasSe St
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
2*"EW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCALLED "HAIB TONICS."
Most Hair Preparations Are Merely
Scalp Irritants, 'of No Value.
Most hair preparations are merely scalp
Irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When
haf r is britttle, lusterless and j begins to
fall oiit the dandruff . germ Is getting In
its deadly work at the root, sapping the
vitality. Since science discovered tjhat
dandruff is a germ disease there has been
only one preparation put on the markst
that will actually destroy the dandruff
germ, and that is Newbro's Herpiclde. It
allays itching instantly, destroys the
perm: and the falling hair stops'; and hair
grows luxuriantly. Ask your druggist for
HerpicJde. It allays itching instantly;
makes hair grow. " a • .
ADVEETISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
PORTS IN^ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60. Including meals and berth for th«
round trlD on board the Pacific Coast S. 3.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7, March 7, April 7. Du«
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
io wins Mexican ports: Knsenada. Magdalena
Bay. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La
Pax. Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad*
ditlonal excursionists can return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
TicicPt Office. * New Montgomery »t., or 10
Market st.. San, Francisco.
MO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.- «n..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkon? with steamers for India,
etc.- No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU..
Thursday, January 30th, 1903
PS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU...
Friday. March 21st. 1902
Round-trip ticket3 at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT, General Agent.
'- AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, L0SD0S. PAKI3.
-¦'¦ ~ Stoping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From' New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m. '
St. Louis ..Feb. fJSt. Louis...... . Feb. 2«
Philadelphia . ..T*b. 12 Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul Feb. lOISf. Paul Mar. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and-Antwerp.
From New " York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. 5 Friesland Feb. 29 1
" Zeeland Feb. 12 Southwark Mar. »
Haverford Feb. 10 Vaderlanfl . . ...Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. . .
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
C0MPAGNI3 GEHEBALZ TBAHSATLANTIQ?]
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Falling every Thursday, instead of -i^hj^T* 1 )
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, ¦*«»&* j
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, 845 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CASA-
t>\ 32 Broadway- (Hudson building), New
York. ' J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold br nil Railroad Ticket Ascents.
BAY AND KIVER ¦ STEA2IER3.
Lleimsr; G3.f FRI33I-: 0; MONTICSLLV;
9:43 a..m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.,- except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., S:SO p: m. • Leaves
Vallfijo .7 a. m.. \i\:Vi nocn. « p. m., except
Sunday.' Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 5i»
cents. Telephone Main - 15l'S. Landing and
orflce. pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH ¦
BROS ¦¦•-•¦ ¦ . -
THE WEEKLY CALL;
Si oer Year.
OCEAII TKAVEL. \
flllTIUflh Tlrflllo Qli/1 ulceration of the uterus and piles to Ttse
inures
n..'.! T . n J _ „_ Also write to Dr. Pierce for his advice.
Sftfil m iP.flfl ftPS X have felt better in the past seven
kJUUllU UUUUUIUi months than I have for yeareT Every
' month I used to have to go to bed and
_ ¦ .. . „ . have hot poultices and take laudanum to
..Every community, however small, has ease the j_ don>t to bed
Its group of energetic .women, who lead nor do i ta ke laadamun. Every sprin«
and light the way in every local enter- i. use d to be troubled with piles, but I
prise. If it is chanty, a bazaar, a church did not have aa y .trouble of that kind
fair, or any other benevolent undertak- this spring. I keep Dr. Pierce's Com-
ing, they work day and night to make it pound Extract of Smart-Weed in the
a success. They are not the women who ouse> It is a won derful medicine."
neglect their homes to serve the public.
They simply do double service. Many c ,^: '¦- THE WAY of escape
a husband knows what it is to bring his a from the diseases -which afflict women,
wife home from a fair or bazaar near the is marked by the footsteps of hundreds
hour of midnight and see her drop, in of thousands of women who have been
sheer exhaustion, into the first chair she raised to strength from -weakness and
comes to. While the lights were bright from sickness to health, by the use of Dr.
and the talk and langhter were all about . Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It estab-
lishes perfect regularity,
sp '¦*! v/x^ dries the drains which
¦#^ ss * /?''/%' J0%4% weaken women, heals in-
iffi / sy%' / /fy'i%Z yS'& ' flammation and ulceration
1 U ''. ' %j^^^^^^^%: seed you this testimony,"
'$ h U\-n did . and after 'taking six
//i \ ' W^fflWwffly'/'/ A bottl€S 1 &tA that « h «
¦¦¦_ • y/y \ - y7ffl/vyWfl w /'!0y~ // '// % effected a complete cure.»
- ; . ! >: . . "34y niece was troubled
her, she didn't realize her own wean- with female weakness for about four ytaxs
ness. But once at home, exhaustion over- before I asked for your advice," writes
came her. If a woman were thoroughly Mr. J. W. McGregor, of 62d Street and
robust, without ache or pain, she could Princeton Ave., Chicago, TTV "You
not keep this work up without under- advised her to take Dr. Pierce's Favorite
mining her health. What shall be said - Prescription which she did faithfully for
then of those women, who are not strong, nine months, and now we must acknowl-
who from headache, backache, edge to you that she is a -well woman.
bearing-down pains, and other conse- We cannot thank you enough."
quences of a diseased condition of the you can be cured
womanly organism?^ And these women by «F avor i te Prescription" if your dis-
are in the great majority There are ease ia curable by medicine- and the
few women who are free from diseases facts show ihat only tw> worae ' n in ewxy
peculiar to their sex. hundred who have given « Favorite Pre-
BURNING THE CANDLE AT BOTH ENDS. scription w a fair and faithful trial have
That expressive^ savins not only sug- bailed of a complete cure. Women who
geste the most rapid form of waste but h^ suffered for years and have had the
also the most foolish. When a woman advantages of the most skillful medical
overtaxes her strength in any cause, treatment, hare at last tried "Favorite
whether in the enjoyment of social* Prescription » and been cured. Women
pleasures, or in the service of church or ho had been pronounced incurable, aad
charity, she is rapidly hastening .to the &™i n «P to life-long snffenng, have been
end of her public activity. perfectly and permantly cured by the
The proof of this is found right at use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription,
home. Young matrons who are not SlcJc and aihng women are invited to
dancing any more, church workers who consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
are no more active ; these have not step- correiroondence is held in sacred secrecy
ped aside because of loss of interest but and \mtten confidences of women
because of lack of strength. are goaroed by the same strict prdfes-
There is not a weak woman who would sional privacy observed by Dr. Pierce in
not like to be made strong again. There verbal consultation with sick women at
ia not a sick woman who would not like Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Insti-
to be made well, i And there is not the jH te ' Bll S?', N - X Address Dr - v -
least reason, in ninety-eight cases out of "erce, Buffalo, N. Y. T v.
every hundred, why women should con- Accept no substitute for "Favorite
tinne to be weak and sick. The first Prescription" though the dealer says that
step to the re-establishment of the gen- »t. is "fast as good." If he told the whole
era! health is to establish the local tnith he d &* snbstitnte was better—
wpmanly health. not tier *<* y.oo but better for him,
«I feel that it is only my duty to send because of the Uttle more profit paid by
you a statement of my case," writes Mrs. the sale of less meritorious medicines.
Mary E. Wilcox, of Enio (Rainy River), ARE you. 21 ?
Algoma Co., Ont "I suffered untold Then at the expense of one-cent for
misery for many years with uterine each, year of your life you can pay the
trouble, ; until I commenced taking Dr. expense of mailing a free copy of Dr.
Pierce's good medicine and used the Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser,
local treatment as advised. I took two ; in paper covers. This great medical
bottles of 'Favorite Prescription' and work contains more than a thousand
two of 'Golden Medical Discovery.' I large pages and over 700 illustrations,
also sent for one box of your * Antiseptic and is sent absolutely free on receipt of
and Healing Suppositories.' I have only stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
used two and that was two months ago. Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
Have not had to use any since, but I j paper covers, or thirty -one stamps for
shall keep them in the house. I would the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr.
advise every woman who suffers from R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y-
TELE?HOBBE -tf"^SWf&^
222-224 S UTTER ST.
SPEC1ALREDUCTS08S
MONDAY— VUESOAY— WEDNESDAY.
EGGS. Finest Table 2 <foz 45c
Every one guaranteed.
BEESWAX CANDLES lb 35c
"Altar" brand. Reg. 45c.
COCOANUT/'Schepps" ? Mb pkg l£c
Reg. 20e. Known as the best.
CHUTNEY, !nt!ian Condiment, bot 30c
Reg. 40c Full assortment.
PRUNES, "Epineas:" 5- : lb box 8rc
20-30 lb. nes. «.2T>. Finest and larg-
est prunes this State produces.
ENAKEUNE.re?5ctin 7for2rc
It takes the lead for polishing stoves,
grates, etc.
LENTILS German 3£ lbs 25c
Reg. 10c lb.
AfflMONIA,ereer's Washing bot 28c
Reg. 25c.
AMMONIA, Greer's Toilet bot 25c
Regr. 30c. Rose. Lavender and Violet.
MATZ9S, Easter Cakes, 2=ib pkg 28c
TOKAY HUNGARIAN SANITARY
WINE re*. $1.50, bot $1.15
Labcwpky's, 12 years old.
For children and invalids.
MALT WHISKEY, "Acme" 65c
Regr. 85c. A medicinal article of the
highest grade.
CLARET, RIESLING or BURGUNDY
Reg. $1.00. Old and LZ C
unadulterated wines. S" v " w
APRICOT BRANDY bot $2.88
"Cusenier's"— France. Reg. $2.25.
One of the most delicious beverages.
PERFUME, "Colgate's" Nz. bot 40c
Regr. 50c. In fancy boxes..
TOOTHBRUSHES, "Kent's" 30c
Reg. 40c. Made in England for us.
Every one guaranteed.
CIGABS "VELASQUEZ"-Biggest
value for a bit.
When Prof. Mar.jcn fays his Dyspepsia Cure
*ill cure indigestion and ell fours of stomach
trouble he sim.Vy tcl:s the troth. It will cure a
stomach that ha* been abused by over-eating and
oveT-crinlcinjr. It vrill core a. stomach that has
been weakened by cM-style drags. It will do much
toward rnakir.K ix c'.u stomach act like a sound one.
At all drujrgisis -5 cents. Fifty-six other cures.
Muayn, New Verk 23d Philadelphia.
KUKTOS'S ' '"¦ M.T.H CTKES CATAKRH.
§MM. VIGOR. VITALITY ior MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in u»« over &tty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst case? in old and young :
arising from effects of self- ;
abuse, dissipation, excesses or i
cigarette-smoking-. Cure Lost
Mar. heed. Im potency. Lost
Power. Xigrht Losses. Insom- I
r.'.a. Pains in Back, Evil De&lrea, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, gm, Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner "T% t M vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are r^-~^~. immediate. Im-
part A-lsor and pote *»c«r» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a. cure is at hand.
Restore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis at..
San P"rancisco. Cal. GKASTT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third street.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
HfiUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
m 0) I3:;2itri::r.iit.e±*7ti,s.r.cti. /
\ 3T The LarrestA.BatamJul Museum in the \
m 1,-r"- 1 | World. Woiiaws or any contracted I '
I. WsS'M «se«c ».il.i»rl, c .r^ by the oldest f
0 /SjSl i> P ec^ J '* •» tlj ' Coast. Est. $C yean. 9
ilgg J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
iomsI Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
J XiWf H Trei'jBent perionalljr or bjr letter. A B
1 W B font** Curt m every cs*e undertaken. T
Ptf H V Wlitr to Boot, PKILONOraYaf 4
fa It ** uaaucE, MA.1UEO free. (JlW
£ lp vslsable book for mro) \
OU. JOBDA5 A CO.. 1851 Martct St..S. F. f
11^111? m^lii £3
I'd 1 m Sh3 iifaS
; %J@? FAVORBTE
PSCEIPTION
SL FOR WEAK WOfWEW.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
;r P. A, MCDONALD,
;-i '¦'¦'. -;,•¦' 813 POLSOM STREET.
£an Francisco Gag Coke for sale to families
gfcd to the trade at reduced rates.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A* CHEAT RESTORATIVE, 1NVIGORA-
tor a&d Kervlne.
The moet wonderful aphrodisiac and Special ,
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both eexes. -
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Binder. Sells en Us own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRGXE, Agents,
323 Market tt.. S. F. — (bend for Circulars.)
g^ R ER V jffl^ Ammuniticn axid Sporting
Q BB HUlSl Goods. Largest fctock. Lotv-
l_i| Br* est Pr5ce6 - Until close of
B •" § BpV'if a hunting season will offer
iLJtt fe-fr y (Oics at reduced prices.
Send for catalogTie.
EHEEVa ft BAiiBES CO.. '
739Ktrket 6t »ii 511 Ktirnj Et
U/. X. HESS,
KOTAET FPBilC AND ATT0KHET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence, 821 California et.. below PowelL
Residence Telephone. James 1501:
H The World's Care for Eg
; HatBrtl Laxative Mineral Water. '
|i| It is the Best arid Safest rem- |
H edy for disordered stomach, |
ill biliousness and liver trouble, 1
H and It Cures Constipation. |
HI Drink one-half, glassful' on I
Is!^arising in 4he mbrning-and you- |
pi will feel the remarkable and 1
Bb agreeable effects in a short |
Hi Always Ask for m,
I Hunyadi JANOS j
Ha}'. '(Full 'Name); If tyou simply ]
ask for Hunyadi Water you M
mm may be Imposed upon. |p
BOTTLE HAS BLUE LABEL g
IPj WITH RED CENTRE. m
/££^ DR, MEYERS & CO.
/J^T\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
.'/Hi iea>% \ Established 1SS1. Con-
r^<ffl r ; l-'sultation and private book
I *t»k " j**a s\ "¦ free . at office or by mail.
"\ hoUrs '/ Cures guaranteed. . ¦ '
\^^|k/ 731 MARKET Sf.
'.-: *^^5?r SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
This signature is on every box of the geonino
, Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
th* remedy that enrcs a cold tn one day-Gardner has a longer spread of arms,
but this, apparently, does not count for
much, especially with these men, as they
will do much of their work at close range.
Both are clever infishters.- Gardner •will
hardly do such execution at this style
of fighting with, Root as he did with Car
ter. The latter came out of their rallies
second best each time. Root has madje
Gardner's showing in his last fight with
Carter was so impressive, however, that
he ¦will undoubtedly have a strong call In
the betting over Root. The Lowell man
looks much larger all over than Root, but
when the tape measure is passed over the (
latter the 'men are found • to be almost
of a size. .
Gardner requires only light -work to fit
him for competition,- as he fought Carter
the last week in December. He has en
gaged in four important ring battles since
last July. He defeated Moffatt, lost to
Walcott and defeated Carter decisively
twice. In Root he will face a much clev
erer boxer than'Carter, and one who can
hit equally hard.
JACK ROOT and George Gardner, the
rival middleweight boxers, are leav
ing nothing undone that .'will place
them in the best of condition for
their meeting next Friday night in
Mechanics' Pavilion.
a study of protecting himself in the break
away and -will be no easy mark to reach. -
-Owing to Gardner's advanced condition,
he did -no work yesterday, while Root
went through' his various forms of exer
cise. Both men are most persistent work
ers in the gymnasium, and if anything
are Inclined to overdo matters. Root went
eight miles on the road in the morning
alternating between walking, jogging and
sprinting. , In the afternoon he punched
the bag for long-continued periods and
boxed four fast rounds with Ed Holly un
til each of their faces were flecked with
bleod. Root then skipped .the rope, boxed
with dumbbells and punched a heavy sand
bag, the latter being intended as a wrist
strengthening device. He perspired freely,
much to the • satisfaction of his friends,
as it was . an indication that he was in
good physical condition. "While training
for Carter he would not perspire and did
not consider himself In good condition at
the time.
:Lou Houseman, the well-known Chicasro
sporting authority, who is Roofs mana
ger, expressed as satisfied with
Root's condition, rafter -seeing him go
through his long ; programme ' of work
without breathing hard. "Western" Al
Smith, a strong; supporter of Root, was
also an interested spectator. "Billy" De
laney. Champion -Jeff ries' astute manager,
dropped over, from ; Oakland for a chat
with the Chicago contingent. , .
The men will do. little, boxing after to
morrow, as they do nofQwantlto run the
risk of injuring their hands.. • ¦ •
GARDNER.
Helgrht ' S feet 11 inches
Reach TST Inches
AVeiKht 1(^3 pounds
\eck - 1 S Inches '
Chest ?'. . . . .41 inches
Waist 32 inches
Biceps •' ...... 13 1-2 Inches
Forearm 15* Inches
<n If ..*. ~. 14 1-2 Inches
Thi gh • 21 inches _J
ROOT.
Height 5 feet 1O 1-2 Incites
Reach 7K Inches •: .
AVelKht 1«5 pound*
Xeek .1(J 1-2 Inches
Client. 41 lnclien
j Waist ..29 1-3 inches
iBiceps .IS 1-2 inches "
IKoroarm 11 inches
ICalf .-, ; . . . IB; inches
IJThtgh .22 Inches
HOW THE RIVAL BOXERS COMPARE PHYSICALLY.
Jimmy Britt, the amateur champion
lightweight, has boxed several times with
Gardner, who says he will' do.
IMPRESSIONS GLEANED YES
TERDAY . AT JACK ROOT'S
TRAINING QUARTERS.
REDDING, •: Jan. '¦ 26.— Reamer i Keeney , 9
years old, fell into a small, ice-covered,
pool of water at Harrison Gulch, a' mining
camp fifty-two ' miles • southeast of Red
ding, Saturday morning and was drowned.
Child Drowned in a Fool.
o^ 1^ 18 ' Jan- ' 26 --r" A t the' request of the
British .Government, .the ; police", of this
city; have searched the domicile here of
Charles Bright, the /American engineer
who was arraigned In London January 22
charged with , concealing - £100,000 ; of his
assets In connection with bankruptcy pro
ceedings. ;;\Th»P police seized, four • trunks:
containing ; documents and negotiable ,se-'
auritjes. ¦,.;•...; ;_';...,
Police v rind Securities.
LONDON," Jan. 27.— According ; to the So
fia correspondent of the Daily;' Express
Dike Joseph, a politician 1 and lawyer and
the director of the newspaper Svet,-com
mitted suicide after his arrest in ¦¦ connec
tion -with a • series of thefts ; of '¦ postage
stamps from the Government printing de
partment. The thefts involve a loss to
the state of $80,000. . . . ,
Suicide Follows His Arrest.
of O. H. Crabtree, who lives, near Baft
lett. Two weeks ago/ he had a severe at
tack of heart troubl* and on Wednesday
he apparently expired. His relatives were
summoned, and preparations for his bur
ial-were begun. -A coffin was sentfor
and had almost . reached the house when
suddenly Crabtree sat up, opened his eyes
and asked what all the fuss was about'
i From that time his recovery, was rapid
and to-day he is fully restored to health.
Shasta County Citizen Postpones His
Burial ; and Is Restored ,.-;:' :
to Health. -
REDDING, Jan. 26.— A remarkable es
cape from being buried alive was ' that
COMES TO LIFE WHILE
COFFIN IS BEING BROUGHT
VIENNA, Jan. 26. — The announcement
that: the. heir presumptive to the Austrian
throne. Archduke Franz Ferdinand, j will
go to St. Petersburg j February 2 to pre
sent himself to the Czar in his new capac
ity of a general of Russian" cavalry is
much commented upon in the light of the
alleged weakening of the triple alliance,
which it is supposed led to Prince Henry's
approaching visit to the United States ana
to the idea of a rapprochement between
Russia and Austria as a counter demon
stration to Germany's action;
Many Regard the Trip as a Sign of
.the Weakening of the Triple
Alliance. v : -U-':-~' '* ¦¦'-
HEIR TO AUSTBIAiN THKONE
INTENDS VISITING CZAR
, CHEYENNE, ; Wyo., Jan. 26.— "Uncle"
George Rea, the noted guide andjpathflnd
er, is dying in'*a lone cabin on Snake Riv
er.: Rea was one o( : the ; first men > to ex
plore Yellowstone Park, .and -is often re
ferred to as ' the "Daniel Boone of Wyo
ming." • - • ¦
; Noted Pathfinder ' Keported Dying.
The. city of. Ogden owns some vacant
property near the heart of the . city, and
part of it is near the fire stations. The
Mayor i says that the firemen, Instead of
spending. their, time playing checkers and
reading novels, must put' in the spring and
summer hoeing, planting, cultivating and
harvesting. He intends to have them raise
vegetables. The crops will be marketed
and the proceeds will go to the city treas
ury.',- -' ¦¦:¦¦/¦ . - ' -. -. ..• , • ¦ • . v •-
The Mayor has other scheuies to keen
the firemen busy. He proposes thatthey
shall .look after .the sanitary inspection
each crew taking a certain district: in the
immediate vicinity of the engine-house.
Other firemen, he declares, shall be
obliged to help out in the clerical work of
the different city departments. For ex
ample, one man will look after the records
of the health department, such as births
deaths and burial permits.' c * ¦' .
Another V scheme is designed : 'to'- utilize
the. .vacant ground on the City Hall
square.;. The City Hall, occupies. the cen
ter of a big block, and the Mayor declared
to-day that he would endeavor to have
the vacant space leased for a period of
twenty years to persons who -would erect
buildings upon the, ground.': .^; -¦ :
: Mayor Glasmann - is , said to be framing
a plan - to give some ¦ additional t work - to
the police."... He -Is of the opinion that they
constitute >. an - idle class, and he- does ¦ not
intend, that- the : police officers shall: have
any • time to court domestics at . the back
doors or watch faro. games. He has not
yet announced the details of his scheme,
but: he promises that he will keep them
busy." ¦•: • :.:-V\ , • v
OGDEN, Utah, Jan. 26.-Mayor William
Glasmann is preparing to make truck gar
deners of the firemen of Ogden as soon as
the spring season opens. The Mayor is of
the opinion that the . firemen might just
as well put in their time to good advan
tage while they are waiting ;for con
flagrations to demand their attention, and
he has formulated a plan to keep them
from idleness. '
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
i Ramon deposited at the United States
assay office at Helena' two . weeks ago a
gold nugget weighing', 84.48 ounces and
worth $1440... This, nugget was about .the
size of a man's fist and was solid gold,
containing, only 5 per cent waste. cAt the
time this nugget was deposited at "the as
say office a syndicate of Helena : men,
among them Assayer Tatem; ¦ '.was or
ganized to purchase the nugget and use
It for exhibition at the .world's fair at St."
Louis. Although ¦¦ Ramon was willing ' to
take 11350 for it, $90 less .than the nugget
was actually worth in gold, the syndicate
did nbt take It, there being some question
as to , Ramon's title to the nugget. Suit
has been begun by Dennis Hurley, owner
r- f ,, w? Pla £ e^, ™i nln S ground in- California
Gulch, which Ramon and Lefebre were
W n«r n w ° na . royalty from Hurley,, and
all of Ramon's ,and. Lefebre's property
sn»n wit C^ ed ' thf claim being made that
$3000 was _due Hurley on gold which Ra
a/royaK ebre had .. not reported or paid
JwSf} 11 !? 11 a " d Lefebre are said to have de
& te^ Wlth the Elling Bank at "Virginia
SiX, w ouncea °f sold. dust, supposed to
be the big nugget cut up and hammered bo
as to resemble the gold. from Alder. Gulch.
£:?;, ii« H me ; . k . is to r get . more
details. Virginia City. is. about -200 miles
from Helena, but all of the circumstances
connected with the story seem to prove it
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 26.— A forty-two
pound gold nugget, worth upwards of $10.
000, is reported to have been found in Cal
ifornia Gulch, one of the tributaries of the
famous Alder Gulch, in Madison County.
The j nugget, is said to be the largest of
three found at the same time by Thomas
Ramon and Joseph Lefebre.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The couple were legally man and wife,
but by common consent strangers except
when they chanced to mee£ on the street
after the husband had been indulging in
liquor. On these occasions there invaria-'
bly would be a" flstic encounter. Through
out the strife the woman managed to re
main in possession of her. son; to. the sat
isfaction of the population. She is a hard
working, honest creature and the man Is
a "rounder"' of the worst sort, v v > ¦
Finally it was decided; that the man and
his wife should enter a ring and fight to
a finish to determine which should keep
the boy. The fight 'came off in Gilbert
Hall, with a citizen as referee. The boy
was locked up^in a room below the hay,
ready for instant delivery to the victor, i
For three rounds the combat was inter
esting, with honors evenly divided, t The
chivalrous sports of the town, however,
wanted the woman to win, and between
the rounds her husband was given copious
"bracers" of Jiquor. After. the third round
a few jolts on the chin made him groggy,
and in the fifth he was knocked out. The
referee officially gave the decision and tha
boy to the woman. ; This ..adjustment of
thev trouble may not be strictly according
to law, but it Is safe to say that the de
cision will hold.
JOLIET, Mont., Jan. 26.— An unusual
prize .fight occurred here last night before
a large crowd in the largest hall in town.
It was scheduled to go to a* finish,, but
lasted only five rounds. The stake was a
3-year-old boy and the contestants were
a man and his wife. The latter won.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Roughly Estimate It to
Be Worth Ten Thou^
sand Dollars.
Crowd for Possession
of a Child. \
Battle Before Mountain
Ogden's Mayor Storing
Up Trouble for the
Department. .
FIREMEN MUST
TILL THE SOIL
MAN AND WIFE
FIGHT IN RING
PLACER MINERS
FIND BIG NUGGET
TV. Magulre and T. Leach. .21 20 21
J. C. Nealon and. J. White...: 19 21 17
J. C. Nealon and T. I>ach 21 19 21 21
J. White and TV. Maguire 18 21 15 16
J. Bratt and M. PhllnpsV... 21 15 21 13 21
J. Gallagher and M. H!gglns.l9 21 18 21 17
T. McManus and S. Garvey..21 12 21 18 21
J. Bolster and J. Manning.. 13 21 17 21 16
ger 13 21 17 21 15
W. Kelly and G. Hutchlnson.. .21 21 21
P. Kelly and A. Pennoyer. ... . . 18/ 20 17
W. H. Sleberst and D. J. \
Phe-han 21 18 21 20 21
J. R. Bockman and N.- Ber- • -...
J. Kirbv and P. Talo 21 15 21 12 : 21
C. Murray and M. K!rby....l8 21 14 21 17
D. Regan and E. Barry... ......21 21 18 21
T.Foley and J. Foley...... 11 17 21 16
Handball Champion James Fitzgerald
undertook to defeat Joseph Collins j'ester
day In Phil Ryan's' court, using only his
left J hand during the match. Collins
proved too skillful for him, however, win
ning in straight games, although the
scores were close. The complete scores:
21—19. 21—20. 21—18. The other games re
sulted as follows:
T Finn and M. McNeeley 21 21 18 21
J. Madden and T. Sweeney... ..13 16 21 19
Fitzgerald Loses at Handball.
Reports gathered by a leading: news
paper show that only 441 persons in the
whole Japanese empire have amassed
fortunes amounting to $250,000 or over. The
population is about 41,000,000.
Sempronius. Chiarinl Bros.' fast young
courser, scored a victory yesterday in the
second round of the open stake at Union
Coursing Park that made the form follow
ers uneasy throughout the rest of the
day. Sempronius is a recent additiop to
the coursing game. His sire, Petronlus.
was well wnown as a fast one, but a de
cided lurcher. In his first course yester
day the youngster was on the cards for a
trial with V. J. Reilly's Roya! Union, a
greyhound recognized not only as a
speedy courser but one that will stay, no
matter how long the route. I»yal Union
was well played for the stake, and under
such conditions tho talent was not slow in
installing him favorite. At slip time the
odds were 6 to 1 that he -would win. Sem
pronius caused considerable surprise by
taking the lead on Reilly's rapid hound,
and increased it until he outpointed him
for the flag.
Xor was this the extent of the expense
Sexppronius put the bettors to wh« had
played against his chances." In the third
round he beat GramercjWa 1 to 2 choice,
in a short course, and followed by out
pointing 81r Pasha, who was favorite at
like odds, in a course that was a strong
test' of ktamina. the score being 21 points
to J7. Alter this trial Sempronius was
withdrawn.
The open stake was won by Sofala, with
Black Bart runner-up. While Sofala took
the final in easy style. It Is but fair to say
that Black Bart was handicapped by
harder coursing. Three times on the short
end Black Bart brought good cheer to his
backers, beating Laay Newark at 1 to 3,
St. Helen at 3 to 5 and Miss Brummel at
l to 2.
In the special Ftakf George Sharman's
fast courser Little Sister beat Eugen«
Geary's Bonnie Pasha for first honor?.
The little breadwinner ran in her old-time
form and won- her trials handily. She
beat Homer Boyr the. etate favorite, in
the fourth round on the short end at 3 to
5.- The runner-up beat Narcissus at 1 to 3
in the third round.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Joe Trade's Belle
Rocket beat J. Qutnn'e Royal Tick. 3-0: George
Fharman's Sir .Pasha beat T. Coleman's Cot
ton Ball, 4-u; J. Hurley 1 * Gramercy beat D.
N. Whiteside's Flower Friend. 6-0; Chiarinl
Brothers' Semprcnfus beat P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union. 7-4; P. M. Clarkson'e . Sofala beat P.
J. Reilly's Honesty. S-3;-W. C de B. Lopez's
Pepita. beat Joe Shea's Slim. 5-4): J. L. Rose'
Herschel'B Pride beat L. S. Barre'b Boodle
Boy, 24-13: W. Cairns* Imperial beat B. Sen
dennan'e Ccmique, 6-0; Pasha Kennels' Rich
Argosy beat S. A. Smith's Injury. 14-7; P.
Mullarkey's Mamie Pleasant beat H. Lynch's
• "lariee, 4-.1; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel
beat X>. Wiekand's Floranthe. 12-1: Pasha
Kenn«ls* Real Aristocrat beat J. Hurley's
Living Picture. 10-4; H. Lynch,'s Black Bart
beat E. Geary's Roy Hughie, 31-9; George
Graham's Lady Newark beat A. McLeod's
Royal Friend. 14-3: J. Carroll's Auckland beat
W. Cairns' Gold Ore, 10-8; L. M. Connell's
St. Helen beat M. Kohlander's Master Whalen.
12-9.
Third round— Sir Pasha beat Belle Rocket,
'•i-0; Sempronius beat Gramercy, 3-2; Sofala
beat Pepita. 8-2; Imperial a bye: Mamie Pleas
ant beat Rich Argosy, 6-0; Miss Brummel beat
Real Aristocrat. .H-2; Black Bart beat Lady
XeK«rk, 2-O; St. Helen beat Auckland. 5-2.
Fourth round — .sempronius beat Sir Pasha,
21-17; Sofala beat Imperial, 7-5; Miss Brum
mel beat Mamie Pleasant, 14-10; Black Bart
beat St. Helen. 11-8.
Fifth round — Sofala a bye; Black Bart beat
Miss Brummel, C-3.- * . . ; . ;¦ _ . _ N
Deciding course — SoTala . beat - Black Bart,
15-5. - ( \
Special stake, second round — George Nether
•¦ott's Freda C beat F. Jones' Hariean Gladys.
23-12; Or Zahl's Homer Boy beat J. Shea's
Shadow, 15-7; George Sharman's Little Sister
beat J. L. Ross' Mayflov.-er. 4-3; Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer beat E. Geary's Ireland.
JS-I.1: C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat P.
Jloyle'e Liberator, 5-0; E. Geary's America
beat T. J. Cronla's Tralee Boy, 11-9; A. : It.
Curtis' Vulcan best H. Lynch's A. .1. Martin
I.V13; A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat Aeneid
Kernels' Fine Fire. 5-3; A. R. Curtis' Charta
beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells, 7-C; B. Silva's
Master Rocket beat Pasha Kennels' Ropker.
22-8; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat A • R
Curtis' Loyal Lad. 14-5: H. H. Gray'* Rona
b^at Pasha Kennels' - Real Article. 16-10: J.
CarroH'e Master Clair beat Aeneid Kennels'
Aeolus, 3-2. • - • • .
Third round— Homer Boy beat Freda C 3-2-
Little Sister a bye: Silver Cloud, beat America,
3-1: Master Rocket beat Vulcan. ll-»; Bonnie
Pasha beat Narcissus, 8-6- Charta beat Rona
12-10; Master Clair a bye.
Fourth round — Little Sister beat Homer
I'oy. 6-3; Charta beat Silver Cloud. 7-2- Master
Clair beat Master Rocket. S-2; Bonnie Pasha
a bye. • - -
Fifth round— Little. Sister beat Charta, 14-7-
Bonnle Pasha beat Master Clair, •JZS.
Deciding; course — Little Sister beat Bonnie
Pasha, 13-6.
Oakland Track . Entries.
Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon's i events at Oakland racetrack:
First Race— Six and a half furlongs, selling
three-year-olds and upward:
<3131)Capt. G*lnes..ll0 31S5 William F... 107
2699 Mount. Dew.. 102] 3186 Ingo ... 89
32C2 Merops 1«>4 31 70 Darlene ..'.'.'. 99
31«8 Kath. Ennie... 99 3l(W Scallywag ...101
3180 Antole* »» (3149)Bagdad 10"
3201 Scintillate ...102 3180 Light Ball.'.V.104
3195 El M'.do 104
Second Racer-Three and a half furlongs,
puree; two-year-olds:
3181 Delsegno Wit ;<181 Clarinette 103
Escarola . ....lusj '3187 Oro Viva 106
3144 Orfeo Ul!(3I51)Hudson ill
.TEItS Race — Seven furlongs, ': selling ; three
year-oldc: ¦ -. . . ,* .. J
31S8 Quiet 110 2169 Vasallo . . 107
3192 Bragg 110 3183 Halmetta ... 105
2920 Maraschino ..107 3136 The Weaver 112
3197 The Maniac ..111 3192 Tyranus ....'.107
Fourth Race — One mile, selling; four-year
olds and upward:
R0»0 P Archibald ..100 1 31S0 Foul Play 100
3192 Fidel Toulin..U09 3185 Rim Rock!'*"l09
2*«0 J Goebel 1OR 3176 Rey Dare 106
3166 Nwsgathrer .111 2247 Joe Rlpley. 114
2450 MacGyle ....111 2543 Kickmnbob .111
Firth Race— Six furlongs, selling; four-year
olds and upward: .<
3183 Sam FulIen..U2j 3193 Meehanus ~113
Claire White. 104! (231S)St. SImonian'.*109
3121 Bab .10-i 3177 Duckoy . inq
3193 Captivate ....104 -.iw
Sixth .Race— Six and a half furlongs, selling
thr«e-year-ol<Js and upward: "
<37R4)Pompino 1071 3171 Cougar " im
3202 Sea Lion I07H3I67)Dr Boyle *""llO
316S Invictus . . . .10l!<3173)Censor . .'.'.'.'.im
3190 Dan Maid 105' 3150 BaJssenzo '.. 89
Sl$« Norford :ilP.!<3136)Prestano ... 8a
31 78 Quadra ; 87 1 3195 Hungarian ..107
S2C2 Ben Ledi 108
Selections for To-Day.
First Race —Light Ball. Merope, Bagdad.
Second Race —Hudson. Orfeo, DeUegno.
Third Race —Vasallo. Quiet. The Weaver.
Fourth Race —MacGyle, Rey Dare. Joe Rip
ley.
Fifth Race—Duckoy, Meehanus, Bab.
Sixth Race —Dangerous Maid, Censor. Pres
tano.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal , shoot- — FIret champion class. F. P.
Schuster. 438. Second champion class, net
won. First class. R. Stettin, 433. final. Sec
ond class. W. C. Morken. 302. Third class, Au
gust Hohmann. final. . Fourth class, E.
Stehn 334. Best first shot. F. Rust, 24.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club monthly
medal shoot: Rifle handicap — M. F. Blasse
fia. ril. 20S; A. B. Uorrell 210»- W. G. Hoff
mann 224, 220. ; Gllnderman ¦ trophy — M. F.
Blasse 204, J. Kullman 208. W. G. Hoff
mann 221. A. B. Dorrell 22C, F. E. Mason 227.
Gold medal — F. E. Maeon 227. 229. Silver
medal— C. M. Henderson 2l», 212. 220, 214;
F. H. Bushnell 212. 201; A. C. Thode 177, 194,
1«« 169, 2O3; A. B. Dorrell 227.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, pistol han
dicap—G. W. Hoadley, 88. 88, X7; J. Kullman.
82. S3, 73, B8; W. F. Blasse, Su, 85. SO. X~>; F.
S. Washburn. 89. 89. 90, «1. SO; J. E. Gorman,
87 9tt 95 tit 93, 91. Revolver handicap — P.
A # Becker 87. 84, 86. SX 86. S2. 88, 84; G. AV.
Hoffman, 87 84, 79; J. R. Trego, 82. 79; J. W.
Tomkins. 80, 78. 78. 75. ,77; J. Kullman. 78;
F H Bushnell, 78; H. Hinkel, 79: G. W. Hoad
ley 86 82. Gold medal — W. F. Blasse, 83, 80.
Silver medal — H. Hinkel, 81. 79.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company. monthly
medal shoot, 'champion class — William Dress
ier 391 fFirst class not won. Second class —
C Wagner 296. Third class— F. Steiner 283.
Fourth- class — H. • Cortren 263. ~Best first
shot — H. Cortren 22. Best last shot — Captain
Henry Grieb 24. -
• Red Men's Sehuetzen Company,-- monthly
bullseye • shoot — W; Dressier, 1178: J. Steiner,
171C- Captain Henry Grieb, 1855; Henry Schult,
2069.
Company A, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Corporal
J. O'Mara, 4 ( ; O. Welch. 4tt; M.' J. Duffy, ii;
Corporal J H. Stahl. *3; J. J. Hardie, £>;
Captain G. J. BMllnger. Musician \v.- Wil
liams, 33: Musician M. Keller, .30; O. S. Lleb,
'M- J Milsner, ;>0; F. Hettmuller, 2^; T. Llnfl,
17; C M. Heyden. 11; J. Htrbst. 10; J. H. Cain,
:.¦»; 'Corporal J; Keilly.- 32; Sergeant J. Murphy,
25;.W H. Urown. 40; Sergeant W. F. Lleb, 21.
Company C; 1 First Infantry.- National Guard
of California,' monthly medal shoot — Captain F.
K Moorev "44: Lieutenant H. titolzenwald. 22;
Sergeant E. Keddeli, 31; Sergeant H. Buchlng.
39- Corporal C.» Maasberg, 22; Corporal J.
Mackin, IKJ; A. Khrenford, 32; J. Feutren, 32;
J. Kullman, 38; H. Levi, 32; W. Pitt. 2«; R.
Powers, 28; G. Seyden. 32.
Company G. First Infantry. National Guard
of California monthly medal shoot — Captain W.
Wall 37; Lieutenant K. Neubert. 37; Sergeant
K Stroth. 43; Sergeant C. Noyes. 39; Sergeant
W. Phillips. 45; Sergeant F. Owens, 41; Cor
poral F Southerland, 25; Corporal Talbott, 24;
Corporal J. Sheridan, 30; Corporal Ames, 31;
J Daley, 35; Corporal Steadman, 32; F. Tuggy,
29; L Aynes. 3T: J. H. McGowan. 19; H. Me-
Swega S6; H. Spellman. 43; J. Dolan, 46; J.
Scheth' 36: M. J. Lyons. 39; George Hesketli,
26
Company II, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly class and medal shoot —
Lieutenant L. F. Guedet 43. Lieutenant F. J.
Drihcoll 2« Quartermaster Sergeant W . H.
Mallett 41. Sergeant H. RItter 25/ Sergeant J,;
U • Swift 40. Sergeant J. K. Broderlck 32. Ser
geant G. McGtnerty 29. Corporal E. Riley »{,
Corporal AV. Wall 20. Corporal G. Hirsinger 24,
Corporal C. A. Burtnetf 26, Corporal F. L..
McVrdle 26. A. Braithway 27. G. Priest 34, T.
Priest 41. N. Forrest 25. S. Tobln 26. J. Hunt-
Ing "30 A.' Alphonso 30. J. Guedet 19, W.
Dlneen 22 C. Merg 24, "C. Stow 23, H. Blake
14. E. Wclns 1«, J. Guerrero 14.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— D. Salfleld 171. H. Huber 289. J. Beut
tler 390, A. Gehret 4S5, H. Schweiger 645, D.
Faktor COO, O. .Bremer 714. J. Gefken 741, F.
Brandt »3S. A. Jungblut 9<i«.
. Germania competition shoot for Faktor
trophy awarded for ten best scores out of
»leveri' shots— Al Gehret 230, F. E. Mason .221,
D. J Salfleld 224, O. Bremer 220, A. Pape 217.
Prize awarded for best three-shot scores — Al
Gehret 72 D. B. Faktor 71, F. E. Mason 70,
A ' Pape 72 F. P. Schuster 70. E. Goetze U9,
N Ahrens 68, O. Bremer «!), Louis Bendel t><,
H. Huber 65. . .
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereliu monthly
bulloeye ehoot— E. Stehn y 141, J. C. Waller 227,
J D Heise 254. H. Hubsr 294. F. Pape 341.
F. P. Schuster 396. A. Pape 52«. G. H. Bahrs
RSO. J. Gefken 610. K Goetze 615, A. Mocker
637. H. Zecher 670. F. Hensel 734. J. Beuttler
775 H. Meyer S7«>. E. Doell 881, F. Boeck
mann »84, D. B." Faktcr 1053, L.. Bendel 1157.
VV. Goetze 11C7. " .
The organizations present were Com
panies A, C, G and H, First Infantry, Na
tional Guards of California; Germania
Schuetzen Club, San Francisco Schuetzen
Vereln, Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company and Nord
d^utscher Schuetzen Club.
To-day's scores, follow: .
ring target.
An exceptionally large number of marks
men "were present yesterday at Shell
Mound range. . The rifles commenced pop
ping in the morning and continued until
the gathering twilight made accuracy im
possible. The. shooting was of the usual
order and no records were seriously
threatened. The best work of the day was
done by A 1 Gehret of the Germania Club,
who made a ten-shot score of 230 on the
Only one match wa3 played in the pre
liminary round, between W. B. Collier and
H. "W. Crowell and Drummond MacGavln
and James Code. ) The latter received odds
of "fifteen," which were sunicient had not
all the balls been played to Code. Mac-
Gavin did not handle enough to keep
warm. The score was 8-6, 6-2.
-In the first round Will Alien and Frank
Stringham received a handicap of "half
tlfteen" from Dick. Adams and Frank '
Mitchell and won in straight sets, 6-3, 7-5..
The match in which Collier and Crowell
beat Herbert Schmidt and Jack Gibson
was one of the longest of the day. The
latter, with "thirty," almost defeated the
scratch men. The score in ravor of Collier
and Crowell was 6-2, 6-8, 6-4.
Sidney Salisbury and George Whipple
allowed Charles Kuehn and Leonard
Wood odds of "fifteen" and won,* 6-4, 3-6,
6-4.
Chet and Grant Smith gave Clyde Beal
and Al Kenyon a handicap of "thirty,"
and after losing the first set, won the next
two. The score was 5-7, 6-3, 6-3.
The semi-final match between Collier
and Crowell and Allen Stringham was the
longest and closest of the day. Allowing
odds of "fifteen," Collier and Crowell won,
6-2, 2-6, 9-7. In the last set the losers,
with the score 6-5 and "forty love" in
their favor, were unable to win the lone
point that meant victory.
In the other half the Smith brothers had.
an easy time with Whipple and Salisbury.
The liberal handicap of "half-thirty" was
allowed the latter, but they were not
steady enough to win out. The score in
favor of Smith and Smith was 6-1. 6-4.
The finals between Collier and Crowell
and Smith and Smith will be played nest
Sunday. The fact that these teams lead
in the race for 'the cups, and also that
they have never met before, will add to
the interest, in the match. Collier and
Crowell have . won the cups three times
and the Smith brothers twice. The latter
will receive a handicap of "half-fifteen"
from their opponents, and as young Smith
is playing almost as well as either of the
others, the match should be close.
"Pete" Smith, Kenneth Hamilton and
Frank Hooper played a round* robin yes
terday morning. Hamilton, who beat both
his opponents, won, while Smith, who beat
Hooper, was second. The scores were:
Smith beat Hooper, 6-4; Hamilton beat
Smith, 6-0. and Hooper, 6-4. .
The following .matches were played on
the park courts: Farrell and Gunst tied,
6-0, 3-6; Edward tied Baer, 9-7. 7-9; La
Garde beat -Taylor. .6-1; O. Beyfuss beat
A. Beyfuss, 6-3. 6-3; Irving tied Strelitz.
6-3, 3-6; Hall beat Strelitz, 6-3: Baker and
Lea beat xCamp and Lytton, 6-2. 6-3; Routh
and Bozart beat Gardner and Mayer. 6-0.
There will be a class singles tournament
on the park courts next Sunday..
The Davis cups tennis doubles tourna
ment played on, the California Club courts
yesterday resulted in' some of the best
handicap matches of the season. As a
result of the. day's play two of the nine
teams that took part are left to play in
the finals. These teams are the Smith
brothers and Collier and Crowell. The lat
ter played a desperate up-hill game in
their semi-final match, ana with the aid
of considerable luck, won.
Best Score of the Day Is Made
by Gehret of the
Germanias.
Collier and Crowell Will Meet
Smith Brothers in the
Final sJ
Honors at Union
Park.
Little Sister and Sofala Win
Young Dog Beats Speedy
Royal Union at
Good Odds.
Clever Tennis Played on
the California Club
Courts.
Firearms.
Marksmen of Many Clubs
Show Skill /With
FAST AND GAME
IS SEMPRONIUS
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUNO
NINE TEAMS OUT
FOR DAVIS CUPS
Rival Middleweight Boxers Aze Already
in Splendid -Physical Condition for Their
Twenty-Round Bout Next Friday Night
ROOT AND GARDNER PREPARING
EARNESTLY FOR THEIR MEETING
SPORTS OF THE BOXERS, RIFLEMEN AND LEASHMEN
6
THE .SAN; /FRANCISCO CAL.L- MOISTD-VY, JANUARY 27, v 1902.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
997 Market St., Cor. 6th.
i Varicocele - is an enlargement of the most
vital blood vessels In man. Th« function of
these veins Is to carry off waste, thus enabling
the organs to receive fresh nutrition. The dis-
ease consists of a dilation and local stagnation
of blood, from which the organs are deprived
of . their proper quantity j and quality of nour-
ishment.- Varicocele is a very common dis-
order. Statistics show that 25 per cent of the
male population are afflicted with some stage
¦cf the disease. We emphatically guarantee to
cure varicocele In one week at our office, or
four weeks of home treatment. We have cured
over 3000 cases 'without a single failure or un-
pleasant result. We mean by a cure, re-
establishment of nutrition of the organ, and Its
function will be restored. We have shown this
result so often .and/ can refer to so many cases
In proof of this statement . that we make it
'without hesitation or reserve. We invite cor-
respondence and the fullest investigation of
our methods.
CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
UNDER THE TREATMENT PURSUED BE-
fore Irrigations were established, six weeks
was deemed the duration of an acute contracted
disorder. If It proceeded beyond six weeks It
was considered to ' hava gone Into a chronic
condition. From statistics complied from Our
practice in the past five years, covering over
C300 cases, we can show that 10 per cent of our
patients have recovered In fourteen days or
less. It Is, therefore, equally proper to hold
that a case not entirely - cured within . two
weeks must be considered a chronic one, and
some complication has arisen for which the
patient should see a specialist. We invite free
consultation on this subject and offer an ex-
perience of over twenty years: In fact, we can
positively assert that . w« have never failed to
cure In a' single Instance. ,
All Varicoceles Should Be Cured
STRICTLY RELIABLE
Dr. Talcott
& Co.
DISEASES AND
WEAKNESS OF
Men Only
Consultation Free.
CHUTES^ ZOO
KVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LTNE AND KENNKDT. BILLT BRTANT,
• CALLAHAN AND FORREST. DU BELL,
'¦¦ THE GIRDELLERS, NELLIE MONT-
GOMERY. _____
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS.
NEW ATTRACTION IN THE ZOO,
7— Llamas— 7
¦ Phone for .'. Seats — Park 23.
Du Pont Powder.
B'ack Sporting,
. . Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your dealer for „
QhnllQ Loaded Du Pont
Oil DllO With Smokeless
e.A.HAIGHT.Agsnt,
226 Market St., S.F.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2: 18 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connectjii
with trains stopping: at the entrance 'to th«
track. Last , two cars ' on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via,
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrio
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
.Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:19
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the lut
race^ .' ¦ ¦. .- . . ¦ —
THOMAS B. WILLIAMS JR.. President. "
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy. nx^M^T^
RACING
1 - Ll *'B» *¦ F very 'Week Day —
.,wr . . ; Rain or Shine.
NEW. CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
COLUMBIA ..SSSS
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
"LAST MATINEE SATtJKDAT.
KIRKE LA 6HELLB OPERA C\
In the Merry Musical Success, THB ' ' >
PRINCESS
CHIC.
An Eleborate Opera Cbmlque.
Last Performance Next Sunday Night. .
Commencing MONDAY, February 3.
VIOLA ALLEN,
And Company, Presenting
"IN THE PALACE OF. THE KING."
Seats Ready Thursday.
FIPfiT Tfi-MORRfi W AFTERNOON
RECITAL IW'iUvlifiUff At 3 O'CIock.
Second Recital Next Friday Afternoon.
JOSEF '.¦'¦•
HOFFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats — $2. $1 50, $1 and 80c.
Seats selling at Sherman.- Clay A Co.'i.
IMMENSE YAUDEVTlLE FESTIVAL!
THE GREAT; CYCTLB "WHIRL; SA-
BEL; JOBDAN AND CROTJCH;
KELLY AiND VIOLETTE; THE
NAMBAS; PA COMA FAMILY;
TAYIiOB TWIN SISTERS; ADA
ABN0LDS0N, AND THE BIO-
GBAPH, SHOWING "THE MA-
TRON STAKES." ¦ .
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; ' Box i
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
*TIVOLI*
— r— )
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! !
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT— REGAL PRESENTATION OB"
FRANK DANIELS'
GREATEST COMIC OPERA HIT!
The Ameer!
Presented by the REPRESENTATIVE OPERA*
COMPANT OF THE COUNTRY!
POPULAR PRICES 25c, BOc and 73a*
Telephone Bush 9.
&ELASCO**aTHJM£S*gfft^
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
I < A - I TO-NIGHT. All this week.
l\ Matinee Saturday and
* * Sunday. '
T\ it A K1 First time in this city.
Ivl /\m\J a play that nas had tha
¦*** *¦ *• * " country guessing.
/^V TT PRICES— Ev'gs. 10c to
yj I"* 50c. Matinees. 10c, 15c. 25c.
MYSTERY
Next Week— "MASTER AND MAN."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. ,
. To-night and Eery Evening This "Week.
EDWIN ARDEN
In an Elaborate Production of
Z^ORAJHL
Mr. Arden's Picturesque Drama.
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane.
POPULAR PRICES — 10c, 15c. 25c. BOc. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.'
__ ______ - ¦ -
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN In "JIM THB
PENMAN."
CAPACITY— TO OUR VERY WALLS.
An Immense Audience.
ONE WEEK — MATINEE SATURDAY.
Acknowledged the Best Swedish Dialect .
:-:.,- Comedian, r > -,
BEN HBNDRICKS
And His Company of Comedians
In the Pioneer Swedish Play,
OLE OLSON.
And the SWEDISH LADIES' QUARTET.
Next Sunday Night— JAMES K. HACKETT*
-> ' ¦' Bis? Success.
"THE PRIDE OP JENNJ.CO"
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
___ _ '
Q J9_. ¦•« K? _fCi )( ¦*? IwF w^
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
T0-NIGHT~(M0NDAY),
"CORALIE & CO."
"DRESSMAKERS."
The Brightset of All French Farces.
Great Palais Royal, Paris, Success.
Everybody and Everything in it la Funa»»
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
.Seats on sale six days in advance.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c, 50s. 7S«
NEXT WEEK-^THE DAN1TES."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market street, near Eighth.
GAMES .'Af~2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
GRAND TOURNAMENT SATURDAY. Jin. *
25th, for the benefit of
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS.
PALACE and/
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these "magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and 'manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, bai&s and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks—
pass the entrance.
- American and European plans.
The Weekly Call
$1 pep Year*
AMUSEMENTS.CLEVELAND, ¦ Jan. 26.— In : many v of the
churches of t Cleveland special .-. McKinley . me
morial services were held •. to-day. . .. ¦ . .
DOMESTIC POUTS. ,
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr 6t Den
nis, from Ensenada. -.•.-,• --• .•; ¦¦¦,
SAILED. . fc
' Sunday. January 26.
Stmr Santa' Ana, • Strand, for Seattle.
; Sunday, January 20.
Stmr Santa* Barbara, Zaddart, " 61 hours from
Ban Pedro. . • - ¦
gchr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
• Nor «tmr .Tltanla, Eeenea, . 02 ' hours' from
Nanaimo.
AIUUVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
weathen" conditions and general
-./.; ;•;•: .';¦. ' forecast. '/¦¦".
Generally cloudy' weather prevails over the
Pacific slope ¦ wlth> light snow in Washington
and Oregon. .Heavy to killing frosts ¦ occurred
(fenerally > in : California ' Sunday : morning and
temiieraturea below zero over the plateau an'l
Ttocky Mountain regions. '.: The tem{>eratures are
about : ten • degreen below the normal In' Cali
fornia; to-night. , "^.i ¦•'„.."_ ' -:¦ ":¦: r'-:^. •;.:
' ¦ The • pressure has fallen over the northern
half of the Pacific slope and somewhat .warmer
weather will prevail Monday, . Heavy or . Kill
iwr frosts, will occur : again generally in Cali
fornia Monday morning. : - r- • :-.- ..¦-:.>,
-Warnings of severe frosts were again, issued
Sunday mornin* ¦ throughout California. : -,;>
- V Fof ecast made ' at " 8an Krancisco ; for thirty
hours, ending midnight January 21: r. .
r Northern Callfortila — Partly cloudy. Monday;
not'BO eotd; 'light southerly wind. .- .
• Southern California — Partly .cloudy . Monday;
not so cold: light /west wind. :,,
. Nevada— Partly, cloudy Monday with snow
In s the mountains; not ho 'cold;, light .variable
wind.' ¦* "¦'••-'i.*^ • '^ : yf^-^<Ju-»^«?^^v | 5*f *^**i^^|iBpwfmww
' San ¦-• Francisco and -vicinity — Partly ', cloudy
Monday;- not-Ao cold: 4 light southerly wind.-.
' O H W1LLSON,' Local [Forecast Official. -
'.: FRESNO,' Jan. > 26.— The • body of -.} Joe
Enos, a (Portuguese resident ' of "Fresno,
was! found this morning near Logan, spur,
on- the 'Southern '..Pacific Railway/ cigrhi
miles east'of .this'city. There was- a bul
let; woundin the breast/ The "wound 'was
evidently "self-inflicted, us Enosleft a' let.
ter addressed to Joseph Plmentel oC Fres
no instructing: him as to the disposition
of certain s DroDerty. • ¦
Ends Life With a Bullet.
Carnegie Plans More; Libraries.
¦MONTEREY, Mex., Jan. 26.— If. the ef
forts now being made "by',-' United State*
Consul . General Hanha . : are. successful
14,000,000 of Andrew Carnegie's wealth will
be used in the , establishment j of libraries
in Mexico. Of this amount one-fourtb/,is
planned to be used in the establishment
of a magnificent library, in Monterey. The
plan contemplates the expenditure of. the
retfiaining $3,000,000 in the establishment of
libraries .: at' Chihuahua. Ourango, ¦= Tam
pico, Torreon.and San Luis Po'tosi. Gen
eral Hanna" has taken up the matter with
Carnegie direct and feels confident of sue-,
cess.-:.. -;?.- : ' ¦ ¦ -.'. ¦;¦?;.'-'* ' '-. • • . . •
In view.of the fact that' the next* regu
lar free day at* the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of/ Art. the first Friday in February,
comes just before mardi gras, making it
impossible to receive th6' public on ac
cotint of the preparations for the' carnival
ball in aid of the picture fund, the insti
tute will be open to the public to-day, free
of charge, from 9 until 5, and in the even
ing from 7:30 to 10. The display of--ar
tistic photographs in the Mary Frances
Searles gallery .will be on exhibtion to-day
for the last time* - - - / .-,
Free Dfty at HopkinB Institute.
ALGIERS,' Jan. 26.— A ; scored of Arabs
paraded - through I the - Kasbah r q uarter of
this city to-day, attacking passers-by with
clubs andknives. -A patrol-of Zouaves in
tervened and' a; fight ensued, -in whicn
three soldiers and a dozen of the Arabs
were wounded. : .<¦¦¦>:•-,
Tight Between ;Zouav.es " and Arabs.
, KOKOMO, Ind.,' Jan: 26.— Isaac Murphy,
a .smallpox- suspect, . who* eluded the of
ficers j at Kokomo, ¦ Marion and Andersoh
and who was captured at Greentown,' ten
.miles east Of here, and wasitaken in cus
tody- by William Summers,' wa? threat
ened by a mob early; to-day.^ : The house
; was - ; stoned and , the • crowd threatened to
lynch - both men,- but when ', Summer 1 *
pointed a gun through the door the mob
retired. • ¦ A; short ( time 'afterward Night
Watchman John ¦; Pool approacheel the
house, : and : Summers, mistaking, him f for
one of the mob, shot him, Inflicting serious
wounds.-'-- The quarantlnued men; have se
cured- additional'- arms* and ammunition
and bloodshed is expected if the attack is
renewed., v. . ; ;..<:¦;;.- :-\.^-:;.. -.•;.•¦ '.-•¦¦ ..,•-.
ber of ; Mob Party and Is Se
' - : '. riously Wounded:
Wounded Mp.n Is Mistaken for Meru-
NIGHT WATCHMAN IS SHOT
BY A QUARANTINE OFFICER
PEKING, Jan. 26.— Chinese officials have
found treasure to the value of more than
100,000,000 taels in gold and silver, which;
was buried in the women's quarters of the
palace before ..the court fled from Peking.
' The court has*ffranted 5,000.000, taela an
nually/ to Yuan Shi Kai, the Viceroy of
Chili, ifor the. maintenance of an army
of 100,000 men: ' . "• '¦'¦".
CHINESE OFFICIALS FIND ,
LOT OF BURIED TREASURE
* At a tryout of Olympic Athletic Club
runners yesterday F. ¦.-¦£: ;.Ferem\ won 'a
mile rate with H. "W. Templeman second.
Next' Sunday there will be a two-mile race
preparatory, to the iour-mile cross coun
try race on February 22.
Olympic Runners Tried Out.
The undersigned, who had the pleasure
recently of listening to one of San Fran
cisco's most eminent divines, wishes that
he possessed his eloquence to speak to the
people of San Francisco in praise of the
great clothing sale that is to take place
this coming Thursday. The clothing is de
serving of the greatest praise, for no bet
ter suit was ever worn by any gentleman
than the. suits comprised in the Adler
stock of clothing. Just think, $4 85 will
buy you a $20 00 suit when the sale begins
Thursday at the Lyceum Clothing Co., 915
Market street, opposite Mason. I will take
charge of this sale and see to It that
everybody is suited. Herman Lesser. . • •
An Eloquent Speaker.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Helpers
of Zion was held last night in iB'nal
B'rith Hall. The-'following took part "in
the programme: S Misses' S. Stern, E
Stern, Gallick. II. Meyer, S. Harris and
Messrs. A. Cahn and A. G. Harris and
Rabbi Bergman , of Orange. N. J. The
president. Rabbi Isidore Myers, gave an
account- of tho fifth Basel congress and
told about the( progress: which Zionism
has made throughout the world. It was
decided to have an entertainment 'and ball
at the Odd Fellows' Hall on February 23.
Helpers of Zion Meet.
.PANAMA, Jan. 26.— A small gasoline
launch belonging to the.Oovernment, and
named the : General Carnpo, - bearing • im
portant i dispatches for the Government
from General Castro, was: sighted by the
revolutionary fleet . near Rio Grande, oft
the' coast of Agua Dulce, southwest ; of
Panama. Two shots, were > fired -aty the
General Campd from . the revolutionary
gunboat. Padilla. - :. ;*V'i, ¦• - *-....
Important Dispatches From
General Castro to Panama.' .
CEV OLUTIONABY GUNBOAT % *.
FIRES AT A SMALL LAUNCH
Harrow Escape of Vessel Carrying:
At the annual meeting of the Young
Men's Republican League, representing
the Fourth and Fifth Congressional Dis
tricts, the following officers were elected:
President, Frank K. Spencer; first vice
president, Harold D. Mitchell; second vice
president, Dr. E. L. Wemple Jr.; secre
tary, Daniel W. Ervin: assistant secre
tary, Frank C. Reynolds: treasurer, Wil
liam H. Chapman; sergeant at arms,
Jamrs K: Finn; assistant sergeant at
arms, Joseph J. -Schwartz. The president
announced that he would appoint the new
executive committee during the month of
February. , . . - *
Republicans Elect' Officers.
>. ' - . Last ; This Last
Stations — 2 i Hours. Season.' PeaeOn.
Eureka '..;.. _0. 00 , 16.89 30.61
Red Bluff ........^0.00 11.64 15.41'
SRCramento ....w. O.oo rt.00 II. ,12
San • Francisco. :.'.. v . 'O.OO .-. T.Ort \ , 13.01
Fresno 0.00 3.58 'V ' T.4">
Independence ........ 0.0ft. '.; 1.35» 5.12
San Luis Obispo.'....-".'fl.OO- 5.62. 21.00
Los Angeles 0.00 ; 4.08 * 8.2t
San Dlegro ..0.02 1.87 3.W
San Francisco. data:. Maximum temperature,
47; minimum, 38; mean, 42. . :.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN' FRANCISCO, Jan. 26—5 p. in. -,
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date,', as. compared with those. Of : same date
last season', and , rainfall in the last " wenty
four hours:- • '..-.' «v
Weather Report:
Delahey then reiterated Jeffries': stand
ing challenge to fight . any man in the
world, bar none. The champion is par
ticularly anxious to fight' Fitzslmmons.'
but tho Cornishman' Is side-stepping the
meeting. • - •. . . .. !>. ¦¦ , -
The Yosemito Club expects to match the
winners of the Root-Gardner and Choyn
ski-"\Vild Bill" Hanrahan fights for its
February exhibition. ,,; - , .
The proposed fight in this, city between
Jeffries and Sharkey has .been officially
declared off. This conclusion was reached
last night at a conference between Harry
Corbett, representing the Yosemite Ath
letic Club, and Billy Delaney, who repre
sented Jeffries.' Public opinion was
against the matching of the men. and they
bowed to the inevitable. ; .
cially , by Those Interested.
Proposed Fight Is Declared Off, Offi-
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY MATCH.
1 It. was learned from the. authorities at
Angel Island yesterday that they had
been notified, of Rakowski's departure
from Vancouver Barracks, and that he
would. probably reach San Francisco to
day. ¦ .
In this connection there is a tall ser
geant on duty at the Presidio who now
proudly calls himself the longest leased
liar in the world. He leased his imagina
tion to the Examiner a few days ago, and
as the result the latter published a cir
cumstantial account of Rakowski's arri
val, an Interview with the prisoner and a
talk with his guards; one "a eergeant who
etands more than six feet." and the other
"a -private of almost equal stature."
"With such secrecy," said the Exam
iner, "was ho (Rakowski). taken to the
military prison that the officials deny that
ho is there."
Frank Rakowski, the United States sol
dier sentenced to serve ten years on Al
catraz Island for expressing his com
mendation of President McKinley's as
sassination and uttering threats against
the life of President Roosevelt, will ar
rive in this city to-day from Vancouver
Barracks. He will be taken from the train
to the Government tender General Mc-
Dowell, which will convey him to his
Island prison.
McKinley's Assassination on
His Way to Alcatraz.
Soldier Who Commended President
RAKOWSKI, THE ANARCHIST,
WILL ARRIVE TO-DAY
CITY OF. MEXICO,' Jan. 26.-Some big
supply companies here are sending goods
to the west coast and Northern Mexican
cities formerly supplied by San Francisco,
Denver, Kansas City and St. Louis; and
to Southern and 'Southeastern Mexico,
which were formerly dependent upon New
York and New Orleans.'In'many-Mexican
ports print cloths have driven out Euro
pean prints almost entirely.
Many American investors are arriving
here and will buy tropical lands, with a
view to establishing plantations. There is
noticeably a larger demand for Mexican
tobacco. :
Big Supply Companies of, the City of
Mexico Capture Considerable
Coast Business. *'
SAN FRANCISCO LOSES
PORTION OF HER TRADE
. DJ ULMA , European Turkey, Jan, 27.^-
Miss Stone, the captive American mUr
sibnary, and her companion, Mine. Tsilka.
have been located near Yapyak, ln.,the
vicinity ot the frontier. -<.The 'American
delegates s:onducting the. negotiations for
the release of the- captives*- have; arrive*! 1
at Banlsko, about thirty mires southeast
of Dejulma, and will ; probably pay over
the ransom money to-day. u .- j'v -;*
Negotiations Are Ready to Pay
Over the Ransom.
Delegates Who Are .Conducting the
CAPTIVE MISSIONARY MAY
BE GIVEN FREEDOM TO-DAY
SPRAGUE, "Wash., Jan. 26.— The young
son and daughter of Cleve Smith—Rich
ard, aged 11, and Georgiana, aged 14—
with ;- Joseph - Calvin, a hired man, were
drowned while skating near Al-Ki ' yes
terday afternoon. The three went skating
and did not return in the evening. . Mr.
Smith, believing they might have stopped
at a neighbor's for the -night, did not go
to look for them until this morning, when
he called at the different neighbors'
houses, but could not find them. 6 He then
went to the lake and found their caps
frozen in the ice. ..He broke the Ice and
with poles managed to recover the bodies:
Joseph Calvin, the hired man, was late
ly from Carmi, 111., coming from v that
place last summer and working in .the
harvest fields for Mr. Smith. '
Hired {Man and Two Children of a
Washington Rancher Lose : . ;
Their. Lives.
THREE SKATERS GO , . £ ,
V THROUGH ICE ON" LAKE
Mr. Hofmann says he has long been
looking forward to a visit to California,
but, unlike the politic majority of visit
ing artists, expresses himself dfs
appointed.'
"I knew I should be," he said, with a
deepening of the dimple that adorns his
right cheek— that which should be on the
left has dropped into his chin. "Every
one told me that it was warm, warm,
warm, here. But everywhere I go, if
there are only three cold days In the
year, I get them. They all tell me this is
unusually cold here. I knew ltiwould be."
Otherwise Mr. Hofmann ishighlypleaaej
with his brief I California n experiences so
far and Is in excellent form. He Is amaz
ingly youthful .in appearance, .. with a
bright, boyish smile and unpretentious
manner that are very taking. His youth
ful air is amusingly Incongruous with the
mature thought and keen wit that mark
his conversation, and Jf he plays as well
as he talks— and it -looks that way— thero
ia a treat In » store for those fortunate
enough to attend his recitals. ' Mr."Hof
mann was a pianist of mark when he was
but 10 years old. He is 24 now, and, ac
cording to report, each year has brought
Us : growth. i The virtuoso expresses . no
preference for any particular , composer,
and the programmes ¦ to be played this
week are notable, for their eclecticism.
. Beethoven. Liszt and Chopin *re equally
well represented, with , others of . less
marked characteristics,' and altogether
the Hofmann recitals bid fair to outvie
In public Interest anything since the Pad
ereweki recitals.
. Josef Hofmann, the famous pianist, who
wjll be heard here in recital during the
week, arrived in town Icte last night. He
Is staying at the Palace Hotel. It is the
lim visit of the youthful virtuoso to San
Francisco, though he is well known in
the East, where he made his first appear
ance fourteen — years 'ago as a child
wonder. •• ,,
p.t the Palace Hotel.
Famous Pianist Takes Apartments
< JOSEF HOFMANN ARRIVES.
An organ recital and concert will be
given to-morrow evening at St. Stephen's
Church, on the occasion of the opening
of the organ, that has been largely added
to and- remodeled by Thomas H. Whalley.
The offertory will be devoted to the
choir fund of the church. The pro
sramme will be:
Organ prelude — "Visione" Rheinb€rger
Gerard Barton.
Processional hymn, 007 S. B. Whitney
Choral Litany
Magnificat in B flat. King Hall
Choir of St. i;tephcn'« Church.
Ors'in solo — FantaBle Jn E Th. DubOib
O«rard Barton..
Sy;>rano solo — "My Redeemer and My
Lord" ..Dudley Buck
Miss Ellen Margery Marks.
Organ eolo— . • • .
¦<a) Ortortolre "Prayer". l'aul Devrcd
(b) rost!ud<! A flat Edw. M. Iteadc
; Ro'scoc 'Warren ljucy.
i VloJln and organ — Air for O string.. J. 6. Bach
Mcry Pasmore.
Earytone solo— "Prayer" .StradeJia
II. B. PasroOre.
Violoncello and organ — "Adagio" .. . . . .Klengel
Dorothy Pasmore. • ¦ .-
Tenor solo — "Be 'i'hou ¦ Faithful Unto- -
Death" .Mendelssohn
Arthur C. Lawrence. . '¦: .. •
Organ solo— * * •
<a) Barcarolle In A flat E. H. Lemarc
(b) Bourre* in V'....: .'...-. ...Sabi.i
W. A. Sabln, F. It. CO. .
Offertory — Soprano solo, "Hark, Hark >iy
Soul" .'.Gerard Barton
. MIff. Edith Wadsworth.
Organ solo — ' 'Bened ictlon - Xuptia-le"
• • £aint-6aens
Gurard Barton.
Recessional hymn, 316 h. r. Fuller
Choir of the Churcli.
Poetlud*
The first recital to be given by Josef
Hofmann will take place to-morrow aft
ernoon at the Columoian Theater, and a
second recital is announced for Friday
afternoon. Hofmann will no doubt create
the same furore here as he has else
where. These first appearances of the
pianist In this city will bring out many
music lovers who have been awaiting an
opportunity of hearing the great vir
tuoso. The programmes selected are ex
cellent ones. At the Tuesday recital
there will be numbers by Haydn, Bee
thoven, Schubert, Chopin, Liszt.- Schu
mann, Moszkowskl and Wagner. .. The
latter will be the great overture -from
"Tannhauser," in wnich the young pian
ist is heard at his best. The recitals will
begin at 3 o'clock..
o* clock, prices ranging from 50 cents to
The police were notified yesterday that
burglars had broken into the drugstore, of
Leon Di Nola & Co., 542 Haight street,
between closing time Saturday night and
the opening hour yesterday morning. Tfte
burglars stole >15 worth of postage
stamps, $10 In money and $15 worth of
miscellaneous articles. Entrance was ef
tected Dy forcing open a rear window.
Burglars in Drug Store.
SAN QUENTIN, Jan. 2t5.— The State
Board - of Prison Directors , yesterday
paroled foiir convicts. One. of those Re
leased was Robert F. Cradwick. from
Lake County, \ convicted about ten years
ago of murder. He was one of the so
called Lakeport Whitecaps. The others
paroled were Frank Adams . from San
Jose, John Shaughnessy from San Fran
cisco and S: B. MaTkarln from Fresno."
The Directors sent 'for - John .Staley.
who was sentenced with Cradwick. and
asked him If he wanted a parole. He re
plied that he did not, as he had applied
for a pardon and did not desire to leave
prison and be under police surveillance. I
Executive.
don From . the State's
John Staley Hopes to ReVeive a Par-
SAN QUENTIN CONVICT
DECLINES A PAROLE
CINCINNATI. Jan. 26.— The National
Liberal party was organized here to-day
1 by. representatives from all parts of th3
country. The preamble to the new consti
tution that was adopted declared for the
separation of church and state to the ex
i tent of abolishing chaplains in the army
and navy, legislative bodies and all pub- '
lie institutions, the taxation of church
property, and the abandonment of Sabbath
observance. The National Liberal party :
, is the amalgamation for political purposes
of free-thinkers, and it Is more distinctly
in politics than the American Secular Un
ion. The free love element was not ad*
mitted into the organization, but the
woman suffragists were admitted. At the
Thomas Payne memorial to-night ad
dresses were made, by, C^S. Darr»w of
Chicago and others/ Officers will be elect
ed to-morrow.
Purpose of Separating Church
and State.
Tree . Thinkers Amalgamate for the
NATIONAL. LIBERAL PARTY-.
ORGANIZES IN CINCINNATI
AUSTIN, Tex.. Jan. 26.-The, State, has
instituted a. suit in tne District Court
here against D. P. Sullivan and .twentvr
one other members of the Master Blurivb-v
ers' Association of Texas for ¦: penalties
aggregating $42,900,000 for alleged' viola
tions of the anti-trust law. Each of these
defendants is sued for Si.950,000 penalties.
Some time ago a suit -was brought by At
torney General Beli against a number of
members of this association, and the, de
fendants confessed judgment, and penal
ties aggregating several thousand dollars
were collected by the State. The defen
dants in the suit just filed are members
of the association who were not included
in the original suit.
Violating the Anti-Trust
Law of Texas.
lwenty-Two Members Accused of
MASTER PLUMBEBS ARE
SUED FOR MANY MILLIONS
A missionary meeting will be held
Wednesday morning at ll o'clock in the
Church of St. John the Evangelist, when
addresses will be made by Kev. : F. W.
Clampett and Rev. B. AI. Weeden. On
Thursday, at the same church, a united
sen-ice in the interest of the Brotherhood
ol St. Andrew and tho Daughters of the
King will be held. Members of the broth
erhood and Rev. J. I*. Turner and Rev. D.
C Gardner : will deliver ten-minute
speeches. On Friday, the last day of the
conference, the session will be held in St.
Luke's Church. On that day the semi
annual, meeting of the Woman's Auxiliary
will be held.
Preparations have been completed for
the opening of the fifty-second. Episcopal
convention of the diocese of, California at
10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning in the
Church of St. John the Evangelist. After
the opening ceremony has been com
pleted, the convention will Immediately
proceed to organize for the transaction of
business. TJi<r session in' the afternoon
will be held In St. Luke's Church, where
Professor Charles M. Gayley of the Uni
versity, of California will deliver an ad
dress on _"The Poetry of the Bible." Af
ter the lecture there will be held a meet-,
ing of the Diocesan Sunday School Insti
tute. - ¦
Fifty-Second Meeting of Diocese of
California to Be Opened To-
Morrow Morning.
PEEPABATIONS COMPLETE
rOB EPISCOPAL CONVENTION
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan. 26.-Probabljr the
first formal appeal to the peace commis
sion recently appointed at New York un
der , the auspices of the National Civic
Federation for the. settlement of all' labor
disputes, of which Senator Hannah Is
chairman,. and on which prominent capi
talists, labor leaders and prominent.citi
zens have agreed to serve, will be made by
the _ anthracite tmlners, who will ask the
commission to assist them in arranging
a conference with the operators of the
district in regard to tHe scale for the com
ing year. This plan- was adopted, It Is
Understood, at the conference of the an
thracite miners Saturday. ¦ -.- - ¦ '¦-.. '"
President John Mitchell of the Mine
Worker*' Union 1« a jnember, pf ; the peace
commission on behalf- pf.^tho wage.;earn-r
ers, and he; .it is understood, suggested th©
plan of appealing to the commission*) "The;
commission.- composed of- Pre«id«nt*Miteh-?
ell and Duffy and Fahey of the anthracite"
field, appointed by the anthracite miners,
will draw' up a resolution v in accordance
with the plan. [ . -. . ¦
of "Wages.
in Arranging a New Schedule
Commission Will Be Asked to Assist
MINERS INTEND APPEALING £
TO THE : CIVIC FEDERATION
t combines are the order of the day. All pro
ducers combine- except the farmers arid fruit
growers. I think the meeting should be calie I
as .f, at 2 y a 2 P osslb . le so that It may be definitely
eettled whether the association should eea»e
to exist or not, without waiting for the annual
meeting.' If anything is to be done looking to
continuing, the. association it should be doue
long before thcist of Jane.
' -Personally I think nothlr.gr can b* ' "dona
toward combining until the growers of Santa
Clara County have another dose of prune* it
1 csnt per pound for two or three years. I
<3o not believe the association could succeed
even if the growers, would all deliver their
prunes to the association under' a moral ob
ligation to do so, for you cannot secure thn
confidence of Eastern dealers in j-our abllitv
to maintain prices unlese you have a contract
that is enforceable by law. ' • • -•
•¦£ If Jthe ; prune growers of Santa Clara County
rat ; the association t die, let all the hard worf:
that has been done in. its behalf, and let all
the experience that has been, gained by. the
association during the- past two years go for
naught.,1 think -it. will -be..' a -very long time
befDre they win be able again to secure the
co-operation of the balance of the State YOura
very, truly, \ CHARLES FORMAN.,;'
I SAN. JOSE, "Jan. 26.— The big "packing
house recently built arid .equipped* at San
ta Clara by; the California". Cured '.Fruit
Association at a cost of about $30,000 .'will
be a. bone of contention in' thV dissolution
of tha association, which Is to* take'place'ln
the next.few months. After. the last dis
tribution of dividends, whea;it M sa'Idup
w'ards of $500,000 will be disbursed,; this
packing-house will; remain.':. Under a
forced sale it will not bring near what It
cost, and many of the growers fear that
their money has gone to . equip. ,arf up-to
date packing-house which will fall into
the hands of some *of the packers. and
which will.be a factor, after they havo
wo organization, of forcing • prunes' down
close to the one cent a pound figure. ¦
.Another assertion by the growers Is that
some of the officers of the company in
tend to: buy the building In for a mere
moiig. organize a, private • company under
the name of the present association, pre
pare s the same brand of goods and reap
the benefit of the many thousands of dol
lars of their money that was spent in ad
vertising throughout the East a- year ago.
The annual meeting shortly -to be held
to wind up the affairs of the' association
promises to be an interesting, one. ¦ The
dividend just declared by. the association
on the basis of l»i cent3 per pound on the
baste, of the -four sizes. In which: some
$60,000- will be. distributed," shows ;thatles«
than 10 per cent of the 3700 members of
the association delivered their fruit to the
association this year. . ~; , ;
The directors of the association are dis
couraged and realize that it-will-be-use
less-to try and continue the association
after the 1st of June,- when the contracts
with the- growers expire. Santa 1 Clara
County growers are accused of being the
ones who disrupted the association, as
they comprise the majority of the asso
ciation.,. Charles Forman of Los Angeles,
a director of , the Cured Fruit Association,
in writing to President Woods expresses
himself as follows: •,
- ; , LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 17.-1902.
„ i.?"' d J' San- Jose. Col.: . 1 have, given
considerable thought recently to the, question
of what- to beet to be don^ about- winding up
.the affair*- of the association, and I have come
&.. a i a me^ tin S ¦ «'• the mem
bers should be called at an early day and h
report of what has been done since the last
meeting be submitted to them and ask them
to decide as eoon as possible what they wish
done with the association. '
_ A« the bulk of -the prunes ot the State are
grown -in Santa ; Clara . County, and a« the
growers of that county have caused all the
trouble with . the . association, it is now up
to them to assume all the responsibility If the
association is forced to go out of business and
the price of prunes go back to 1 cent per
pound. ; ¦ . . . . .
Special Dispatch to '. The - Call.
There was considerable excitement, Jn
the Chinese Theater and ' on the streets
during' the progress .of the small-sized
riot and the property: man was compelled
to address the audience and assure them
that no blood would be < spilled except In
a- mimic way by Ah Pye Tsung. ! '
When calm was restored the play pro
ceeded and. the big audience enjoyed the
art of the distinguished actor with the
long sounding name, while the "dead
heads" went away to dark corners to plot
vengeance against those who had prevent
ed them from being announced in the
Mongolian presa as "being among those
present."
The men claimed to be . cooks by occu
pation, but two of them, at least, are
known- as members of the gun-fighting
tongs. ¦ . ' •
Police Officers Chapelle, . Hayden and
Bonner were forced to use their clubs in
self defense and the special police assist
ed them. The crowd of riotous Chinese
was scattered and three of the ringleaders
were captured. • Yee Ylng, Louis Don and
Tee I loo fell into the hands of the police
and after being handcuffed were sent to
the Hall of Justice and locked up on
charges of disturbing the peace and ma
licious mischief. .
¦ Chinatown theatrical managers suffer
from as many "dead-heads" as do the'
managers of theaters elsewhere and the
'stuffers" were the cause. of. last night'*
trouble. . They made a determined ruuii
past the ticket takers and ushers when
the police were ejecting some of the noisv
ones who had refused to vacate the aislei.
.The bluecoats again. formed Into a :vflyv
mg wedge" and the aisle of the theater
was cleared. When the "dead-heads"
found themselves out in the cold they re
taliated by picking up rocks and stones
from a convenient heap and pelting the
police.
Property Kan Reassures Audience.
Some of the more boisterous Chinese
who were compelled to vacate the aisles
were ejected from the theater, and their
appearance on the street was the signal
for trouble from a mob that had collected
there, unable to secure entrance to the
theater. . >:-. .... ..- . ' , ,
So great was the. crush last- night that
the police were compelled to clear the
aisles of the Chinese theater, and then
the rumpus commenced.
¦ The Chinese who were driven from the
aisles I demanded their money back and
abused the money takers and ushers with
all the force of the language of Confu
cius.
Bush Fast Ticket Taker.
The elite of Chinatown-^of the alleys
and other by-ways— turned out In full
force to giVe'ecla£ to the first night of
Ah Pye Tsung in a thrilling Chinese play
that was programmed to continue'nightly
for an indefinite 'period.
Every seat in the theater was taken and
the belles and matrons of -the Mongolian
quarter had as much reason to complain
Of the crowded condition of the aisles of
the Washington-street Theater as the
"400" of San Francisco's society had when
Manager Grau recently presented < grand
opera with Emma Eames and Mme. Sem
brich. - 3 .
Ah Pye Tsung has for some time de
lighted the Mongolians of New York, and
when it was announced that he was to
appear in this city there was a rush for
reserved seats at the Washington-street
Theater. T : , ,
. Incidental to the debut In this city of
the famous . tragedian and all around
' comedian, there were a few broken heads
• and some arrests by the bluecoats of
! Chief of Police Wittman. , <
There were lively times' in Chinatown
last night In and around the Washington
street Theater on account of the first ap
pearance of me ' distinguished Oriental
actor, Ah Pye Tsung.
Deceased was about 72 years of age and
had been- retired from active business
for some time. He leaves a widow, a son
and a daughter, living in this city.
After the Coroner's deputies had se
cured the body permission -was obtained
by the Arnold family to have It brought
to their home here, 1612 Santa Clara
avenue. . . '
But little could be learned by the-Cor*
oner's deputy 'a"s to 'the Identity of tli<£'
drivers who-were. seeking a race with: -
Arnold when the accident happened, They'
did not stop after the collision. It la
stated" that several eye witnesses recog
nized 'one of the horsemen as a colored
man who resides near Melrose and who
la known by no< other name than that
of "Nigger Tom."
- Several persons who witnessed the ac
cident went to the prostrate man's as
sistance and conveyed him to the office
of Dr. Daniel Crosby on the-Haywards
road, near High streets The physician
immediately saw that Arnold Was fatally
hurt, but used every effort to restore the
injured man to consciousness. Arnold
never rallied, however, and passed away
Just as his son, Frank Arnold, who had
been sent- for, 1 arrived at Dr. Crosby's
office. '¦• ¦"•¦•¦,'.>¦•¦' ¦
. Arnolds as was his practice for years,
had driven, out - the road n toward Sas
Leandrdi, behind. a high spirited trotter.
He was returning to Alameda and hac
just passed Seminary avenue when twe
carts came racing benind. As they nearer
Arnold's rig- one of the drivers . attempt
ed to turn aside- in order, presumably, tc
let Arnold take a middle course and Join
•in the brush. As he did so a wheel ot
his cart struck the hub of one of tha
wheels on Arnold's vehicle and swung 11
around rapidly. , The aged driver was
thrown out, struck the ground with ter
nflc force on his head and was rendered
unconscious. ; ¦> ¦ ¦>;¦ **.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 26.— E. F. Arnold, ac'
eld and respected resident of this city,
was, .through a collision with ' anothei
vehicle, thrown from his racing cart or
the Haywarda road," near Seminary ave
nue, this afternoon, and received Injuries
which caused his death an hour after tnV
occurrence. , . -
The robbery was reported to tho police
at once and two officers were detailed to
search for the thieves. Owing to the
fact that there was no light burning . in
the HiUyer residence at . the time of the
robbery Miss Hillyer was unable to get
a good view of the robbers. She was un
able to give the police any description of
the men to aid in their apprehension.
From the manner In which they pro
ceeded with their work, after having ob
tained entrance Into the house, the police
are of the opinion that they are old hands
at the game. -•».
Burglars entered the residence of Mrs.
HUlyer, mother of Attorney Curtis Hill
yer, on Pine street, near Taylor, late
Saturday night and stole several hundred
dollars' worth of silverware and Jewelry.
An entrance into the house was effected
through a window while Mrs. Hillycr,
her daughter and the other inmates of
the bouse were sound . asleep. The
burglars had evidently been In tho house
for 6everal minutes before their work in
securing the plunder awakened Miss HUl
yer. The young lady was badly fright
ened. She screamed and the burglars
immediately made their escape.
The first concert of the second series
the auspices of the San Francisco
' symphony Society will take place at the
Grand Opera-house next Friday after
noon at 3:15. Director Paul StelndorSf
has prepared ' a most interesting pro
gramme, including Dvorak's New World
symphony. Tschaikowsky's Nutcracker
Suite. Rhapsodic by Lalo, »»nd "Weber's
overture. "Euryanthe." All of these
numbers are of the highest order of
merit and should assure a packed house.
The sale of seat« will begin at Sherman,
Clay & Co. g to-morrow Tnorning at t)
The Chutes and Zoo bilJ includes Lyne
End Kenrledy. the dancing nabobs;
Thomasr Armand, descriptive vocalist;
Billy Brs'ant. black face, monologist;
Hazel Callahan and Prosper Forrest,
juvenile sketch artists; the Girdellerji,
acrobats-and equilibrist*; Du Bell, aerial
artJst supreme, and Ella Burt.
• • •
Those favorites at the Orpheum patron-
CE*. Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, will
make thoir appearance to-night at the
Grand Oper-a-boune in - the tvew - play
"Zorah." by Edwin Arden. Mr. Arden
who has made so favorable and striking
an impression during the last week with
his work In "Don Caesar de Uazan.*' Is
said to lx; as good a playwright as an
actor, find the event will therefore be of
doubie interest. The phiy deals with the
persecution of the Jews i:i Russia, and
is eald to be full of movement and color.
Mr. Arcen himself appears in the play
as a Jewish rabbi. Miss Laura Kelson
Hall assumes the title role, and the rest
of the large cast will be nlled by the
clever members of the house company.
'-.'•? •
Tho><.' who like detective stories will
find the Central Theater's bill to their
mind this week. For the first time "A
Man ot Mystery." said to be a thrilling
a?.d ingenious melodrama, will be put on.
The t-c«-ne"is laid In New York, and writ
r"< :i about ¦ Jtkyll and Hyde gentleman,
v.h<> teaches Sunday-school and trains
Vthe youthful brigand at the same lime.
.How this interesting person is linally
•iiseovered. by a sleuth to whom Nick
«.'artcr an»1 old ICing Brady are inere ii
lanis-in-arms. is "the thrilling climax of
dM play. Everybody up. at the Central
is to be found in the large cast.
* • • . •
"Coralie <fc Co.." a" new French farce,
and a Palais Royal success, is booked
at the Alcazar for the week. It is by
Albin Yalabreacjue and Maurice Henne
quin, viio?e names promise the usual
wtyle of I-rench farce entertainment. ¦ The
iarpe oust called for by the play will
include Marion Converc, Juliet Crosby,
Marie Howe. Margaret Wycherly and
Orza Waldrop and M. L. Alsop, George
Otbornc, Frank Bacon and Howard
Scott.
• • *
There will also be-comic opera at the
" -"jittle house around the corner."' "" The
Tivoli will begin Its regular light opera
season . to-night, with Frank Daniels' j
great success, "The Ameer," for the pro
gramme. The best company the house
has had for some time will take care of
the opera, numbering among Its mem
bers Anna Lichter, the talented soprano;
Frances Graham, the shapely and sweet
voiced contralto; Harold Gordon, a new
tenor, who makes his first appearance
here to-niglit: Arthur Cunningham, the
favorite barytone, and Hartman the
Great. Webb and Cashman at the Com
edy end of things. With the company
and the opera the Tivoli should see some
prosperous times for a season. -
• • ¦. • • . • ¦ •
• • •
'The Prircess Chic" is a popular at
traction at the Columbia Theater theso
dav« and has yet another week to run.
The Kirke La Shelle Comic Opera Com
pany has proved itself well calculated
to please all classes of light opera lov
ers. The piece is full of catchy music
and the staging is much superior to that
of th« usual Eastern organizations com
ing this way. Maude Lillian Berri Is a
delightful central figure of the cast and
lends great personal charm to the role
of the Princess . Chic. The final r*?r
fDrmance of "The Princess Chic'." is an
nounced for next Sunday night.
One of the Columbia Theater's most
important bookings is scheduled for ap
pearance next Monday night, when
Viola Allen will present for the flret time
in this city her new play. "In the Pal
ace of the King." Miss Alien Is a strong
favorite here and will have with her a
company of splendid players.
• • *
the local theater-goers, ehe received a
-welcome. H?r imitations /were ex
tremely . clever.
Kelly and Tiolette, ', two local favorites,
were given a welcome. Kelly has a strong
voice and sings with force and effect. His
rendition of **In Mis Steps" -was greatly
enjeyed. • : -
The great "Cycle Whirl" Is sensational
and must be seen to be appreciated.
Messrs. Bej r lried and P." \V. Sneelor. two
expert riders, whirl around a track that
;e banked ten feet high and slopes . 70
degree*. The spectators are in constant
feax that they will collide or ride oft the
embankment.
Jordan and Crouch, singing and dancing
sketch artists, were good, and the Karaa
bas. Japanese Jugglers and trapeze per
formers, are interesting. The balance of
the bill composes the best of Jast week's
bill.
• • J- » • i-.'V' . •
A packed house greeted the re-turn of
Ben fienfiricks and his company of come
dians in "Ole Olson" ' at the California
last night. The piece, which is .said to
be the first Swedish comedy drama ever
written, loees nothing of its attractive
uess bj' frequent performances. Hendricks
nas been playing the part of the phleg
matic young Swede with an irresistible
dialect for the last eleven years, and both
star and play seem to grow in popular
favor. Hendricks le without a rival in his
line of work, and his company Is capable
and aleo talented in the line of specialties.
Hendricks' Swedish ditties raised tha
risibles of his audience almost to the
burstlng point and his song and dance
with Miss Trabaud captured the house.
>Sli?s Annie Douglas as Bridget O'Flana
4 jrr.n, who Is on the warpath for husband
No. 2 and wants "Ole," is very funny.
Miss Nettie Tribaud as Genie Dimple is
also clever. The dramatic part of the
piece is not the l<»as>t interesting, and the
quartet singing by Misses Elin Syden,
Hildegard liedcn, Wllma Stern and Ste
f^na Heden, who impersonate Ole's sis
ters is a pleasant feature of the perform
ance. Next week Jam*>s K. Hackett'S
•The Pride 'of Jennico" comes to this
house for a week's run.
Patrons of the Orpheum have a treat in
store for them this week. The programme
is an excellent one. Many old favorites
are on the bill.
Josephine Sabel was highly appreciated.
She has improved greatly since her last
appearance here. Always a favorite with
The music was a special feature of the
celebration. Silas' Grand Mass in C was
rendered by | the choir, under the direc
tion of Organist Harvey- Loy. The prin
cipal selections were given by. the quar
tet composed of Mrs. Noonan, Mrs. Wil
burn and Messrs. "Wood and Hrubanyh,
assisted by a large chorus, a t motet
written in honor of St. Paul by the or
ganist and entitled "Tu es-.vas Elec
tlones," was tendered at the offertory.
There lies before us an. old Roman world to
which Paul came down and returned victorious,
a world to be won again to Christ- by the ex
ample of our- daily lives and by a thorough
knowledge and fearless yet gentle defense of
our faith. The world to-day le one in which
luxury is deified; In which wealth and amuse
ment are the crowning prizes which men are
commanded to strive ¦fdrV'and," if need be, to
die for; in which, while good deeds are held
in esteem and almsgiving and all forms of
charity respected, faith; the supernatural vir
tue that gives. eternal value, to good works is
almost entirely ' lacking. ¦; ¦"' .
fit. Paul made of every convert «tn apostle to
carry the truth to hla unenlightened brethren
while we who are born to the faith are apt to
conceal it in a napkin and bury it in the
earth. Yet we are kings and priests as the
apostle tells us, and each of us owesj his death
of faith to the world.
The state, of the Roman world was fair
without and foul within, yet owing to this
spirit of faith which -animated him he trans
formed it into a Christian people. -This spirit
of faith has a practical lesson for all Cath
olic people, priests and laymen, for we aru
all. as the Scripture tells us by -our,; baptism
kings and priests. God has. charged us as he
did Paul to ¦•deliver*' that "itws«age~ot?-Taruf to
our brethren ' who are ' In- "darkness and the
shadow of death. ' . -.•..- ,.-.¦ . .
The Spirit of Faith.
St. Paul was born in Tarsun, ,in Sllldit,
which wu the seat of learning: in his tJmt.
.The great culture In art. literature and phil
onophy and training in the Roman law that
were to . be had In hts . native town were the
influences that stamped themselves) in his if-"
ter life and enabled him to do such good work
in converting the gentiles. . He was deeply
versed in the knowledge of the old law do
that when this new Christian sect appeared he
determined to do everything in his power to
stamp- it from the earth. .
He started f6r Damascus to carry- on this
fight against the Christians. A vole* from
heaven demanded to know ..the reason of his
errand.' St. Paul asked -"who speaks?" ¦ and
the voice answered "1 am Jesus, whom thou
persecuteth." St. Paul went to his destina
tion and to the house of the- man* whom he
intended to destroy. There he received the
spirit of the Holy Ghost and the new faith,
and a tiew world was 6pened to his vision. ¦ lie
went forth imbued with the one idea of gain
ing the world f-or Christ. - . ,. .
',- The sermon was preached by Rev ' F.
! M." Harney of St. Patrick's Seminary,
Menlo Park. Father Harvey, although
*, a young man, is* a forceful and logical
I speaker, and arraeefully handled his
: subject, taking as his text a verse from
iStr-John, "This is the oratory that
•/overcometh the world, even our faith."
.He.sald in part:
Father Harvey Delivers Sermon.
Father : M. P. Smith, rector of. old St.
Mary's Church, was the celebrant of the
mass. He was assisted by Father- JDo
ran of Menlo ParlJ, as. deacon, and Fath
er Hopper, as subdeacon. Father Mulli
gan, S. J., was assistant, priest, while
Father Hamet, ' S. M., and Father
Onesimug, O. F. ,M., were .the deacons
of honor and occupied seats adjacent to
the throne of Archbishop Riordan.
Among the other priests who occupied
seats within the sanctuary were the
Very Rev. J. P,. Frien, S. J., Father Cot
tie of St. Brigid'8, ¦ Father Caraher of St;
Francis, Father O'Riordan of Berkeley,
Father Augustine. O. F. M., of St. Boni
face, and Brothers Erminold of - - St
Mary's College, Oakland, and Xenophon
of .Sacred Heart College. A large num
ber of acolytes also assisted in the cere
monies. : \ :
• Gathered within the sanctuary rail were
the representatives \ of ' thV£. missionary
orders . of the Catholic -church, Jesuits,
Franciscans and-. -Marists,: while Arch
bishop Riordah, ¦'. clad ' in '';; his pontifical
robes, occupied a:, magnificently appoint
ed throne; and, was' attended by priests
clad' in t the mojt' 1 magnificent , vestments.
The altars 'were resplendent in colored
fairy '.lights' jWfticfc peeped out among
the masses of rfowers that decorated the
altar. • I , . :^ :
The feast of the conver3lonof St. Paul
was celebrated at old St. 'Mary's Church
yesterday by the fathers of the congre
gation of St. Paul, with deeply impresslva
ceremonies. This ..occasion is one of the
great days in the calendar of the order,
for as a majority of the Paulists were of
other beliefs before they embraced Ca
tholicy, the life of St. : : Paul : and the les
sons'. obtained therefrom}-; furnish -.the in
spiration of , their, life worK.'; : •".;•
Packing House at Santa
Clara Will Cause
Controversy, v • i
When Ejected They Stone
Police, Who Use Olubs
and Make Arrests.
Pine -Street Residence Is
Rifled of Silverware and
• -. . Jewelry.
Patrohal Feast of That
Order.
Paulist Fathers Celebrate
Lives but an Hour After Being
Hurled With Great Force
to tHe Ground, -r. *
Local Theaters Open the
Week With Plays of
M6rit.
j The occupants of the monastery were
sleeping: when the flre broke out, accord-
Ing to the Athens papers, and the mon
astery itself was damaged to the extent
of £80,000. . .: ,..-:•- . -.- . . ...
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Telegraphing from
Vienna, the correspondent- of the Daily
Chronicle says the newspapers of Athens
report that the celebrated St. Paul Mon
astery," on .'Mount Athqs, was burned on
Thursday night The prior and .."nine
monks perished and twenty others were
seriously injured. ¦ Y . -
Cause of His Conversion
Told at St. Mary's
Church.
E.F: Arnold Thrown Out
% and Receives Fatal
Prior., and Nine Monks
Perish on Mount
Ben Hendricks Pleases
Audience at the Cal-^
ifornia.
Miss Hilly er; Awakens
\ in Time to Frighten
Ah Pye Tsung 1 Draws
Crowd— "Deadheads"
Rush Doors.
Problems.
Fruit Association's Dis
( solution Presents
FLAMES DESTROY
THE MONASTERY
GROWERS FEAR
LOSS OF MONEY
CARTS COLLIDE,
CAUSING DEATH
LESSONS FROM
ST. PAUL'S LIFE
TROUBLE ARISES
AT CHINESE PLAY
GIRL'S SCREAM
SCARES THIEVES
ORPHEUM'S BILL
IS ENTERTAINING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.; ' MONDAY^ JANUARY g7, 1902.
THE COAST IlECORD.
Temperature at 7 a.", in.; '40 degrees.
7
'stations." 3 3? '3| fa -32 5-
,-. \ ... ; ;,| .: |. :i f§, • f~ f
-'- '¦ • •--' ' : : '¦''.*•''..*•*•*'•.-"•'•'' ' ¦ T s"
Astoria . . . . . .30.20 • 28 . 20 NE Snow . ;ot
Baker. .... . . . .30.4(5 vlO ; 8 NW Cloudy . .00
Caraon .......30.20 T{2 — 2 8E Cloudy .00
Eureka--... ...SO. 24 44 32 N Clear .00
Fresno .......30.20 44V.26-8E Pt Cldy.00
Flapstaff ......30.10 22 10 . SE Clear .10
Pocetello. Ida. 30. 44 8 — S NW Pt Cldy .00
Ir.dfcpendence '30.1ft 34' >lrt SE .Cloudy. .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 12. fie 30 S Clear .00
Phoenix .... .30.0a ~fi« 40. W Clear" .' .02
Portland .....30.38 .24 ; 14 N : Snow • .18
Red Bluft. ....80.22 42 32 SE Clear .00
Roseburg .....30.28 3S 18 W ¦ Pt Cldy, .00
Sacramento -..SO. 22 44 32 RK Pt Cldy .00
8alt Lake.. ..;30.34 10 2 W Clear .00
San Franoieco.30.18 4S 38 SE Clear .00
3. L Oblspo-.30.20 54 34 NW Cloudy -.00
San Diego.;.. .30. 10 64 '44 NW Cloudy .02
Seattle..: SO. 38 32 .14 N .Cloudy .10
Spokane .;...30.52 8 — 6 NE Clear .00
Xeah ¦ Bay:. 7.30.32 ;. 12' .. E; Cloudy - .01
AValla Walla. .80.52 10—2 S Snow. T.
Wlnnemucca '.30.36 ; 18-^-14. 'NE Cloudy .00
Yuma ........30.12 .52 38 N Clear .00
'stations." 3 3? '3| fa -32 5-
,-. \ ... ; ;,| .: |. :i f§, • f~ f
-'- '¦ • •--' ' : : '¦''.*•''..*•*•*'•.-"•'•'' ' ¦ T s"
Astoria . . . . . .30.20 • 28 . 20 NE Snow . ;ot
Baker. .... . . . .30.4(5 vlO ; 8 NW Cloudy . .00
Caraon .......30.20 T{2 — 2 8E Cloudy .00
Eureka--... ...SO. 24 44 32 N Clear .00
Fresno .......30.20 44V.26-8E Pt Cldy.00
Flapstaff ......30.10 22 10 . SE Clear .10
Pocetello. Ida. 30. 44 8 — S NW Pt Cldy .00
Ir.dfcpendence '30.1ft 34' >lrt SE .Cloudy. .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 12. fie 30 S Clear .00
Phoenix .... .30.0a ~fi« 40. W Clear" .' .02
Portland .....30.38 .24 ; 14 N : Snow • .18
Red Bluft. ....80.22 42 32 SE Clear .00
Roseburg .....30.28 3S 18 W ¦ Pt Cldy, .00
Sacramento -..SO. 22 44 32 RK Pt Cldy .00
8alt Lake.. ..;30.34 10 2 W Clear .00
San Franoieco.30.18 4S 38 SE Clear .00
3. L Oblspo-.30.20 54 34 NW Cloudy -.00
San Diego.;.. .30. 10 64 '44 NW Cloudy .02
Seattle..: SO. 38 32 .14 N .Cloudy .10
Spokane .;...30.52 8 — 6 NE Clear .00
Xeah ¦ Bay:. 7.30.32 ;. 12' .. E; Cloudy - .01
AValla Walla. .80.52 10—2 S Snow. T.
Wlnnemucca '.30.36 ; 18-^-14. 'NE Cloudy .00
Yuma ........30.12 .52 38 N Clear .00
POSTTTM CEREAX.
BKATSCHINSKI I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. J
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, i
' ¦ i '
; - " *.- r — — — fi
SATIN JULIETS 75c.
" Just another Veek and we take
stock, so thla Is virtually your last
• chance 'to buy the bargain of your
life. Remember what we advertise
Iare stylish; up-to-date good3 that
• are simply short lines, and we wish
to dispose of them. This week La-
. dies' Red, Blue, and Old Gold Quilt-
ed Satin, fur trimmed Juliets, with
French heels, - offered at 75c A.
'PAIR. Sizes 3 to 7; widths B to D.
LADIES'* ONE-STRAP PATENT
,» L.EATHER or French Bronze- Kid
13 or Vlci .Kid Sandals reduced for
a this week ¦ only to 7 Tic A. PAIR.
B We have every size from A to E
fl in some style, but not every size in
B every style.
II ¦ PARENTS, READ THIS— Misses*
*B soring heel, button and lace shoes
3 in box calf and vlci kid; short lines
H- mixed but every pair guaranteed;,
H shoes that you have been paying
11 it 25 and $1.50 for sold this week for
I 75c A PAIR. Sizes 10 to 2; widths
¦I ".-A to E....--V -.- ._- W ', - - ¦ : -\' . '- :
I LADIES' PATENT .LEATHER
0 OXFORDS, with vesting top3 and R
E French heels. Southern Ties and H
m Vici Kid rOxforda. . S^es.- bunched s
SJ together; "odds -and .ends closed H'
H I out at 75c -jA 1 PAIR. * : . f?- v ' I j
Bi MEN'S HANd"-SEWEO> 'CO^N- I
E : GRESS GAITERS in patent leath- R
E i er Alaska seal and French caif: B
| '• od'd sizes: reduced to-fSl.SO A ¥
I 1 we do : not' guarantee} to m'
1 FILL COUNTRY ORDERS dhany « .
I of the . above shoes' or. oxfords, as ¦ -
1 the stock is limited and wa have 1
g not 'full sl2es." ' ,, '¦¦ '" '• H
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
I ?;iO THIRD STREET.. h
-M ,',. .. San Francisco. S
;|TEN DAYS
i;|; Change
|; From coffee to
|j POSTUM has done
if much for MANY. :
: It may do much |:
/! for 'YOU." |THE SAN^-FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, JANUARY 27^ I9O2.
8
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN glri; wants situation f as
. chambermaid or- to < dp -second work. • - Apply
at ¦ pastor's residence of the Swedish M. E.
Church, 1039 Minna 'Bt.; bet.: Eleventh- and
-y Twelfth, ste."'; ..¦¦.:¦ . . .- " '\ ¦.,-¦'¦. , '¦'.¦¦ - -
A COMPETENT woman wants' work by -the
• day,, washing or housecleanin_; $160 per
day. Address 612 ' Treat ave.. near -. 19th -. st
WANTED— A position' by an experienced nurse
I to attend children or invalid, or as compan-
| ion to elderly lady; will assist In housework;
can sew and mend. Address MRS. M. T. EL-
1 LETT. 263 Natoma St., near Fourth.
A LADY desires a " position as j housekeeper in
hotel - or . as manager of lodging-house ; hlgh-
' est testimonials as to- experience. aud char-'
actcr. MRS.-S.yJ.. 1119 Sutter st.
A. LADY of many years' experience as teacher
¦ wishes pupils for! the piano and orjran; be-
ginners preferred; thorough instruction given.
£ Box 3453. Call. | .• " . .. .
LA DY wishes a position to work on figures
where no ¦ experience - is * required In book-
keeping; advancement expected. Box 3437,
Call ornce. ¦ . . ¦. - .
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
desires a position; references; Oakland pre-
ferred. -Address A. J. W., 1026 East
Twenty-first st. East Oakland. Cal.
[TRUSTWORTHY housekeeper wants position,
middle-aged, in small family ; . care of chil-
dren; no washing; French spoken. Write
814A Larkin st. ' ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position In' a
small- family aB housekeeper: German pre-
xe jred; object, good home and small wages.
Address box 2395, Call office. Oakland.', . - ;
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day or housecleanlnsr; good reference. K. D., i
21% Harriaon^ave.. off Folsom st.|
LA P Y i com P° s itor would like: steady work on
straight matter: .4 years' experience; wages
*8. Box 8473. Call.
AN experienced North-German nursery govern-
ess seeks situation in a private family; best
of references. A. B., box 3569, Call office.
A REFINED lady wishes a position as house-
keeper for a widower's family. Box 3562.
Call office. . ..-..
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— -200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to |6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
..EMPLOyaiEXT WAXTED—WLALE.
MIDDLeTaGEd' Jewish man wants light post-
¦ tlon of any, kind, city or country; witling to
. work for email wages** best of references.
Box 3416, Call officer^ . :
YOUNG man, German, wants work; anything;
does not epeak much English.. Please ad-
¦ dress box 3417. Call office. ,'.'-¦ ..
JAPANESE faithful girl wants situation to do
plain cooking in a email family. Box 3414.
Call office. . " >
BAKER, sober, reliable, wants position, in
country shop. Baker. 246 Third st
GARDENER, with many years" experience in
. all ' its branches in the Eastern States, 2
years in California, wishes position as head
gardener In a private place to the 1st of
February. Box 2212. Call office.
BY general office man; large experience rail-
way and " steamship companies; 14 years on
. west coast South America; speaks and writes
Spanish fluently; expert penman. Box 2552,
Call office. "-¦¦".¦¦¦-¦.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
reference; reasonable wages. T. D., 21%
Harrison ave.. off Folsom st.
WANTED — Position as head setter or screw
turner with a sawmill. Box 3448. Call. /.
YOUNG man desires care of garden and car-
riage in cultured family; home preferred to
wages. R. F. ANDREWS. 761% Howard st
RELIABLE young man wishes position as clerk
or bookkeeper; city or country. Box 3455,
Call office.
SOBER, reliable middle-aged man as night
. watchman or fireman for stationary boiler.
Address box 3458. 'Call office. : .
SITUATION wanted as house man or Janitor;
can take care of horses and milk; references.
. Box S552. Call office. ¦ .-
POSITION for the afternoons; any kind of
work; am willing and fairly Intelligent
Box 3551, Call office.
(SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
\ Janitor, porter or housework. J. CARR. 247
Stevenson st -
NURSE with good hospital and I physiciaW
references;, obliging and satisfaction always
given. F- M. JONES, residence 200 Van
- Ness ave. ; - tel. South 857. • , .
YOUNG man wishes a position as cigar drum-
mer; has city and .country trade; • none but a
"_ flrst-claaa house need answer. Box 3538, Call.
JAPANESE wants situation as second . cook
I • or. assistant baker in country. Box 3476, Call.
JAPANESE first-class butler wants place In a
family; references. H. Y., 1812 Devlsadero.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
' ! | ,
A BRANCH office for Call, advertisements and
subscriptions has been i established at 1006
Valencia st. . ...'.;,' X,..." .. .
_ '^ -^ ' FINANCIAL. - ¦__•_'_;___
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed' and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds- furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 326 Post nt ¦ - ¦ ¦
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
. ¦ have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. . Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc. J— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlcp. f>07-S-fl Parrott bldg.
"¦ ¦ ¦.' .- - -. , FLATS TO LET, j _
A— NEW 5 and 6 and 8 rooms; low rent N»s.
509-525 Frederick st. , near Stanyan. . .
MODERN upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; large
: yard and'basement 835 Fulton st. • ¦
HAYES, 1743, nr., Masonic ave. and Park Pan-
handle — Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; $15.
NEW upper, modern; sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath.
975. G. G... opp. Jefferson sq. ; no children. .
NEW modern upper flat; frescoed ceilings. 219
Carl st, near Stanyan.
NOE, 153. block and half north Market; hand-
¦ some 3 bay-window cor. flat ; 6 rms. ; rent $25.
SWELL, brand new, facing park, i 6 rooms ;
porcelain baths. Sixth ave., near Fulton st.
UPPER flat of 6 sunny rooms; yard and base-
¦'¦: ment. . 455 Halght st., near>Fillmore. -
$16 — BAT-WINDOW sunny flat; 5 rooms. 28%
. "West Mission st. bet.-Twelfth and. Brady.
FOR SALE.
FOR sale — New, and elegant furniture: in use
3 weeks; cost $1500; party must go East at
once: flat to ¦ rent. $50," Just completed, - In
Western Addition. Box 2548, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50/ with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture;- tel. Red 1351.
1 " • -- -.- ' . V - ' GLOVES. ¦ ¦ '. >" ' "jx ¦ .;: ' :
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the wo*id;
warranted: kept In repair. .121 Grant ave. -
HELP WAKTEU FE31ALK.
....:...; HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
A head waitress, $35, and crew of waitress-
es, $20, . new hotel, see party here; also
: some chambermaids to wait same place.' $20;
r '2 waitresses, choice place, . $25, fare ; paid; !
2 waitresses, . short distance, - $20; B waitress,"
commercial hotel, ; see party here, i $20; : wait-
ress, south, fare paid, $20; 2 chambermaids,
southern, California, $20. rate fare; 2 cham-
bermaids,' city.- $15. C20;,fancy:lroner. south-
•'. em California. $30.' rate fare.'.. .....:.:..¦..
. . . .. .... FAMILY - DEPARTMENT ........
Parlor, maid and waitress. .$25-$30
Cook, seven in family. . . . . . ..:..... . . . . .$30
Cook and > second - cook, ' same place '.$45
girls to assist, second -girls,
nurse grirls, cooks, best of wages; call and
..-. select • a situation. . . . . . '. .-.• ; ':". .' . . . . ".". ; . . ... r. ;
C. R. ; HANSEN & j CO."."; . .: '. .104 Geary st
A— MRS. : M.-. E. DAY & CO. ..Phone Main 1575
.......':. HOTEL DEPARTMENT r. .;.".'.. . .
. Housekeeper^ for «a. hotel; V waitress.", south,
. $25. fare .here; 2 'waitresses near city, $20:
2 waitresses, choice place. . $25. fare paid : 2
- waitresses, ¦ shorts distance, $20; ¦ waitress,
hoteli, $20; 3 waitresses, i city, .$25, .room
out;"2 more 'chambermaids, southern Call-
: fornla,. $20.. half fare paid............'....*..-
•'.....: .'. • FAMILY - DEPARTMENT .".":.. ...
Housegirl, 2 in ¦ family. ? San " Rafael.' j $25.' see
•lady <here: houseslrl, ranch, small American
family, .- $20; many choice ; reliable " positions
,MRS..M. E.' DAY & CO. ..;'.. 335 Geary St.
TRUSTWORTHY woman * to do general house-
¦ work, washing t included; > a good" home; '.$10
• a month. - . Call ; or ¦ address 1234 Regent Bt.'
Alameda. ¦ .:. v .. . \ *-•. .;¦:.• - .; > •.
RESPECTABLE girl * for ' general housework;
small family ;. $12 to $15.- Call morning at
, 559 Page, st. -. V -, ; : ¦'". „..; j'^;: ¦ . ". .
WANTED— A girl, first-class cook; small wash-
: .' ing; - city references. > ; Call between v 10 - and
1 12. 2604. Pacific ave. •
;. HELP WASTED— MALR-Con.
WANTED — Recruits tor the marine corps, U.
' S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of scod
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
¦ less tban S feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
. Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. -. ¦_ ¦
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court' of Claim*.
» CHAS. and WM. B. KING.
. , , 344 Phelan building.
WANTED — A -competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California' and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office. ' ¦
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade;, eight
wseks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalc_ue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. 3, 40. Phelan
— big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
i SAILORS, ordinary, for ships "for all parts of
. the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size -men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar^
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
. free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st .
HORSES AND WAGONS. *
AUCTION sale, Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
heavy wagon and livery hortss at 11:30
a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 723
Howard st ..->"
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st: also boggles, wagons.
4— rness, etc: auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st. 6
cheap work horses, 4 sound bones, weight
1200; fine surrey horses.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HE1NEMAN-8, 109 Bansome «t
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, boslnesa
and road horses. PALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, sinzle: also light
I _camptng wagon for Bale, cheap. S32 Migalon.
_-_«f*~ HOUSES TO LET. "
A — PRINTED list booses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. U1IBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1830. near Laruna — Eight rooms.
bath; fine marine view; rent $42 SO. -a: ¦¦ .
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; ran all day;
large basement yard. Portola, off Waller,
bet Pierce and Btelner. Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 138 Post st. Llebes building.
LOST ASD KOUXD.
LOST — Black alligator pocketbook with paper*
and bank check payable to owner's order.
Return to 2909 Bush st before 12 m. or af-
ter 6 p. m. ; $5 reward.
LOST — Sunday morning, black enameled pin
set with 3 diamonds; very liberal reward by
returning same to Chief Wharfinger's office,
foot of. Clay st
LOST — Imitation gold purse near Waller and
Shrader Sunday; valued as a keepsake only.
. Liberal reward on return to 722. Golden.
'Gate ave. •• ' ..-;..'
LOST — Between Zlnkand's and Sutter Bt, Sat-
urday evening, diamond pin. . Finder return
to Call buelness office and receive reward.
LOST — January 19. a brindle bull bitch named
Queen. Return to 1244 Ellis; liberal reward.
LOST — On Saturday p. m,, Jan. 25, a ladies'
breastpin set with diamonds and pearls altwr-
• nating. Finder please return to W. K. Van-
derslice. 136- Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of ANNIE PEPPER, No. 1S5-519.
The finder will please return to bank. -. ;¦.-*.
LOST— From Van Ness and California, fox
terrier dog; left side of face and ear black.
E. W. JOY. 433 Kearny Bt: reward. ¦¦.».'
LOST — A fur carriage robe In vicinity of Wash-
ington and Spruce sts. Return to 108 Twelfth
st. and receive reward.
LOST — Bobtail spitz dog; answers to name of
Carlo. - Return 1629 Bush st ; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.^ needs old
• gold and sliver to make new watch cases.. . ,
MAtHl.SE WOUKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento st,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8, 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
HaCHINERY— Bonght, Sold and Ex.
WANTED — To purchase an engine and boiler,
. second hand; engine must be not less than 40
horsepower and boiler not less than 54 in. by
16 ft., tubular; will give m payment gilt-
edged stock in a large going factory. Call or
address, giving, full particulars and price, 406
Annex to Call bldg., S. F. "
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing: to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AMD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; boneat work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU
st; tel. Bush 421.
-_ _______
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate- nature: all classes of female
complaints treated; toiler to the longest cases;
¦ all private diseases in both sex treated; blood
diseases cured. 10 - to 30 days. DR. G W.
O'DONNELL. J018 Market st., opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYEXH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and durins confinement;
Infants adopted. 418 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MEN — Why be weak, when you can be strong?
Dr. De Ford's Regenerator cures when all
others fail. Price 60c. 6 for $2 50. by mall;
¦ a guaranteed cure. DR. DE FORD'S REM-
EDY CO., 136 S. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
> home in confinement. 112 Mason st formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave. -
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles* physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 806 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement . 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private homg before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 1228 Market st; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. DAVIS, ladles' specialist, returned from
New York: maternity home; low fees; best
medical care. 13S2 Market st.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama «t. nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10;avold delay;none deceived.
DR. NG TOT KEE, 210 Stockton St.- opposite
! Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINING AND ASSAYING. ~~
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoll-
" dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County, 15 miles north of Auburn- 2
patented claims. 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for Inspection.' Further particulars from A.
MBISTER. Sacramento. Cal. ¦ •
WANTED— A partner or to Join In erecting
10-stamp mill on one of the • finest quartz
mines In Nevada County. Call evenlnra at
SOB Eleventh St.. Oakland. S. T. ALLEN-
MIXES AAD 31IXLXG.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner blr S
F. ; branch office. Nome. Alaska. se_o_i9o£
'. MISC— LiIjAK—OIJS-— FOR SAL_.
BOILERS, ; engines, . 2d-hand machinery _?*!
INTOSli & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
j 3 H.-P. SCHILLING gasoline engine ~iiob
• h.-p. automobile. gasoline engine " i->T
- 6 h.-p. boiler and engine..... joq,
5 h.-p." marine steam outfit ...'. '•"•¦•¦-•
8 h.-p. gasoline engine complete '.: * '>00
30 h.-p. boiler and engine . . - • • • • ~
8 h.-p. steam boiler ""* "jX
All second hand: H. S. WHITE." 5*1 6*MiVsion.
A— BUYS, jells or rents , grear, machinery, en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys
. etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear gt -
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
'and pool tables;, easy -terms or rented The
V. Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.; Mission!
A— f3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. SI 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.* near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
*^5F_? M ?«i^'.tS* ™_ose horns worth $150
will u sold SLt STS. fn|| _j 421 Vaarnw -^ .
MTSCEI.I. \ VE»rs--Fon «,* ,R — Con.-,
A — TAILORS; Singer machine, large size, $10.
HARRIS' Loan Office, 1U5 Stockton st.
CURIO for sale; valuable stone god. For par-
.ticulars address box u41i;. Call of flee.
STAINED glass windows for church and horns
decoration; a. bargain. 91K Market, room 43.
Wallpaper 3c. wcrth 10c ; < paperhanging, pamt-
ing. Merigan, - 1302 Webater; tel. Jackson Io21.
INCUBATORS for sale— 3 Petalumas cheap.
. Inquire C. M. BLACK. 682 Clementina st.
FOR sale — A lot of hotel silverware; enough
for 14 tables. S20 Mason st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2tl hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg-y.
BOATS, launches rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAJVII— TON.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
- schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
FAIRBANK'S^lO-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and '.id-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 306 Mission at.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale »t. .
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st >
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilerg
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenaon.
NBW Singer sewing machine; S drawers; oak:
complete; cheap. 1915 }Jlsslon. nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«t it "^
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOOD second-hand gasoline engines: - also
vaporizers and crud* oil generators mada to
order.' NEWELL BROS.. 68 Bluxome »t.
TD1.TON wantg good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at; tal. Jeaale 2851.
TO _LO AX. *____'__
__R_A^Tliu^raYT^03~____eT^uIi_n«I
$4,500,000 at lowest rates «
...... on first and second mortgages .......
........ Life Interests to estate* ........
........ Property being held In trust ........
.... Undivided Interests in real estate .....
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate. »
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes.*
.' If You Need Money „
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ~
$300,000 at 5^i & 6 per cent in sums to salt;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5021. ilAX-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bld_.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. "
First, second and third mortgages. ........ m
Undivided Interest in real cstata In pro bat t«..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business *lsewher«
R. McCOLCJAN .."
24 Montgomery at. room 3 ,
ANY proposition, any amount: « per eant; first,
second and third mortgages, estates -In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IS
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE EL OLSEN.
ANT amount lowest rate, on furniture; plan*
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY, 28 Montgomery st, op-
posite Lick Housa. 4
—XTNICXPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., nea*
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 843
Market at; tel. Main 16*4. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1S63;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, » Grant av.. nr. Mkt ; tel. Black 5471.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by.privat*
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate," 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest ratea. BECKER, 927 Market, room 61«.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market 8t. room &•¦<.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Etc.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on eaca
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. L Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com;; private
party. St Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
Lowest rates.* furniture, pianos; no removal: no>
commis,; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dis-
- counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON salaries without indorser: other proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143- Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eant era
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
~~ MONEY WAXTE_7~
"WANT to borrow $5000 from private party:
good Interest. Box 3415. Call office.
SICAX. IX STRUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stein way dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. "
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-31_- Post at. _
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— *
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos " from $175 up. BKNJ. CURT AZ _
SON. 16 to 20 O'FarreU. Chickering. Masoa
& Hamlln, Vose. Sterling pianos.
$175, $1S5 OR $200 will pay for a most exoel-
lent piano if you come for it right away. We>
have others for leas or more money, and you
can make payments if you desire. Decker.
Wissner, • Steger or Singer pianos in all
styles. THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO..
760 Market at '
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited if purchased;
Installments $3 up: big - allowance for old
pianos; bargains $23 up in Steinways. Heine.
Chickering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO.*
217 Geary st
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S5; stz-octava
Mason . & Hamlin organ, • $33; Stelnway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameroa
upright, used only few months, $275; Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 Fifth st; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any ttmm
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
I price; costs you only 20c a day to* buy a piano
from us. KOHLER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
at; established 1850. * -
$147. "WILL buy a good new piano durtns our
clearance sale at 933 Market at: second-hand
pianos, $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY. ' s
A — PIANO, left on aale for lack of space, will
rent store or sell; no reasonable cash offer
refused. 217 Geary st. room 3a
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE' *-
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos: dirt
cheap. "WILSON'S Storage. , 1710 Market at
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymta. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Mlssn.
100 NEW pianos $.1 a month: money allowed oa
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary »t
PIANO, pianola and ¦ music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st
PRIVATE Dafty will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 535 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CTJRTAZ Piano Co.. B60 Hayes st
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFFS, 22 Turk st.. near Market^
__!:?*" Mnger - s< *r"ilx»rt and Sfinwav burgatna.
' XEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
.DR. -ALICE J. PRATHER. late ot New York.
j. has permanently located at 607 Van Nes»
ove.t hour* TO to 12. 2 to 4: phone Po!!t 1-I21.
_ OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market st— Of-
¦ flees with- modern conveniences. 515 to $23.
. ASHTON . _ GARDINER.
store to let with living rooms; rent cheap:
Mission st.. opp. Cortland ave. Apply" shoe
store.
. " STORES WASTED.
STORE wanted; centrally located: owners only.,
>dj__. o. c> D _ b0 _ 356;u CaU 0lflCfc
MME. M. BERNARD. -T -.-.'.-"
-^ • • ..:----. THE FAMOUS- . V* '• -
Clairvoyant and' business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner. bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
' description of the past," reveals the present hap-
penings and p6rtrays ¦ events to occur 'in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
heppy or not satisfied in I^fe.'or have domestic,
love or Business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will . be ; told how, . to overcome
them. Valuable advice in-all affairs of life; 25c
dp; satisfaction guaranteed. .: Tel. Black 4569.
~^~. MME.. BISHOP. f. ."?" >'
Clairvoya.nt and Trance Medium,
Readings daily, 50c and up.
807 Van Ness. Phone Larkln 2746."
A— MISS M. WILLE.326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p. m.
C V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie materializing
seance, 12 o'clock; 50c. 1084 Bush st. -
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MME; WALTERS, great card reader; lad." 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr.Cth; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. nr..4th.
j MRS. LA VON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
| or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234»4 Sixth st. . -
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
| spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
J MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Oth; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
50c., $1 — Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
er; mail orders: stamp, circular. 1007^ Mkt.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth et. —
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAKIKG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL' Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
TOL^JMBlA^T_w^and~Coilection" Agency, 6th
floor. 916 Market 8t.; advice free^TeL Bush
"194; "able body of attorneys. f . .¦ '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
. unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt..
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other flll-
" ings $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it
EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions .¦ or fillings by my
i wonderful secret, painless method; 29 years'
; experience; no students; advice free: prices
: cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
} DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at
i ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fiUlng3, 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
granted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
DR. E. P. : SHEPARD, 14 Geary st ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth -without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
Ies3 ext. 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135."
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY. canine specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
! 906 Jones st.-, where he will administer to the
: ailments of domesticated animals; office
i hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5.
j DOG HOSPITALS.
J DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
' or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
, j ______—_________________5
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking ,& Millinery School —
; - Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st .
j FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
j PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
I EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' s" SCHOOL OF^eTeCTRICA^EKGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
j AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
i — $8 per m%nth; $50 life scholarship guaran-
•' tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
! ' typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
i spelling:. Spanish, etc. : experienced teachers;
; new typewriters; positions secured; cat. 'free.
i HEALD 1 S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.!
i S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
j all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
; engineering; day *nd night; catalogue free.
; A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
; school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
j MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
| following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
i ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
j associated with theatrical 1 agency securing
i positions. Alcazar building," 120 O'Farrell st,
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
: graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
I MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
; Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
; ' rott bldg; individual instruction; catalogue.
' ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
] der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
¦mpdern methods; posltioife for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st
"A FULL course of Ellis bookkepeing and the
. Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
j : Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
; PIANO and vocal school ; thorough and suc-
i cessful instruction; expert teachers. 1017
| Sutter st. ; C. HOFFM AN,\director. , ;
I A — THE Leo Cooper School of has re-
! moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st. .
! ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De.Filippe'sAcademy
i of Languages,320Post;eKtab'dl871;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by - mail or personally.
! MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st ,
(VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
I teacher. 1003 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College/l 435 Market, nr. 10th.
i Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. : $6, mo.
! ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S " DAY and
i ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
I MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
J lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 89 Fifth st.
HEALD' S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S6H; new RO-rage > catalogue free. I
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. V,.V , v
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks &
waiters furnished at short notice.. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; es tab." 20 years.
> Tel. Main 1997.- BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE "and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. ,421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
i ¦
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
j JAPANESE Intelligence ' Offl<#— Furnish most
j reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. ¦
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
j nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutterjtel.Black 5072:
| EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
K A ¦ FIRST-CLASS German • chambermaid " and
I seamstress desires situation; good references.
| MISS CULLEN. 825.Sutter st. ¦ . '¦;.- ¦ •
j A FIRST-CLASS German . laundress desires
« . situation; best of references; city or country^
! . . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter, at. , v~ -;,-.y,/O
I GERMAN woman eeeks situation with", good
i family as housekeeper .' or cook ; , references.
I 162 Jessie st
t NEAT girl -wants situation ! for \ light • house-"
J - - work, private family; reference; no postals.'
! Call after 10 a. m., 1022 Larkln at.- ' : , ? - .
WOMAN wants . work : by :-- the V day, '. washing,
r ironing, housecleanlng; $1\ and car fare.- 511
'/. Howard ;st., . *. , ; -.
COOK wishes a situation In American family;
I understands her work thoroughly; references.
'¦ Box 3440. Call office. . . ¦ ' ¦-..;-. v"' ¦<.>-'
. . . ' •'-¦¦'¦ ' ¦ l .
v^JIELP: WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
A— WANTED— Girls and women at S. F. Hair-
dressing College to learn h&lrdressing - trade
. thoroughly in 2 weeks ; ¦ course $5, . including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment; bleach-
.; : ing, dyeing, ventilating,. weaving, switch and
wig making: positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions in stores all
'. over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
.'.those entering immediately; girl not knowing
1 trade in 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-18.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
, Factory, 82% Fremont St.: no experience nec-
essary; good pay; steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. •¦
YOUNG lady, good talker, to travel ana sell
cosmetics; . good salary. > MRS. NETTIE
HARRISON. 78^ Geary at. \
WANTED— Girl to cook and do some general
. . housework; must come well recommended.
2B00 Green st. - ¦-.--- ,;
TWO assistants, Inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
. ver University, of Physical Culture, 1327 Mar-
: ket at .-• ¦; ..
EXPERIENCED finisher; also on
- coata. . 344 Tehama st. ¦ "' ¦-¦-.-¦ - -
WANTED— Young girl for second work; wages
$15 to $18. 2597 Howard it. ; forenoon.
FIRST-CLASS operators;, also .finishers oa
vesta. 230% Ninth st. j , _ ,
TWO assistants, j Inexperienced ¦ preferred. - Hoo-
. *ver University Physical Culture. 1327 Market.
NEAT girl for housework and waiting at table.
Apply bet. 10 and 2, 2705 Bush »t.
GERMAN girl for- upstairs work, sewing and
, waiting. 2207 Buchanan st. .:
NURSEGIRL wasted. 2643 Bryant st, near
.Twenty-fifth., . -¦. ..
MIDDLE-AGED -woman, -with small child, for
general ¦ hous«work in good home. 319 Third.
WANTED— Girl for dre_ina_nr. 610 Powell
- street, • • ' -
GIRL to take care of one' child; must sleep at
home; wage» $12. -816 Sutter at. : - .
APPRENTICE girls on custom coata; paid
while learning. 1020B Folsom st.
GIRL for, general housework. Apply bet. 9
and 12 o'clock. 1713 Geary »t. -
WE can offer to a woman of culture and am-
bition an opportunity for lucrative employ-
¦ i ment. .. Box 3439, Call office. :r
WANTED — Girl to assist in light housework:
no washing; good home; $10 a month. 1507
Golden Gate ava.
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
. dress Proofreader, box 519. Philadelphia, Pa.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. JOHN REXD &
SON. 907 Market at. -.-._/
YOUNG girl or woman to assist In housework;
$12." 3190 Sixteenth rt.. near Guerrero. >-y;,
EXPERIENCED waist trimmers; also skirt
improvers ;. perm.' position. COX, 1514 Pine.
EXPERIENCED ailk __st hands; good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 320 Market st.
NEAT young girl; general housework; no chil-
dren. 2154 Sutter at. n
GIRL for general housework and cooking for 2.
Apply mornings. 1922 Baker at. '
APPRENTICE in millinery store at 692 McAl-
. lister 8t. ; first-class teaching. ~
GIRL for light housework. 1629 Golden Gate
ave., near Scott; call morning. '
WANTED— Girls at National Laundry, 411
Sanchez st. . i
WANTED — 2 good ironera at National Laun-
i dry, 411 Sanchez et.
WANTED — First-class waist trimmer; perma-
nent position. 330 O'FarreU Bt.
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer.. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS'., between 8 and 11 a. m.
A GERMAN woman ¦ as 'governess ; state re-
ligion; salary $30/ Box 2994. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions'" has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ¦
HELP j WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY^.... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
/OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M......
2 carpenters for a mine.. $75
2 milkers. $35; milker and butter-maker; 5
farm hands and teamsters; blacksmith, city
Job; 3 choremen and boys....
WOODCHOPPERS
NEW CAMP.V ............. .CHEAP FARES
,. 60 woodchoppers to open up a new woodchop-
m ping camp; level ground; virgin, timber; 3
• years' job; men can make big. wages; cheap
fare; prices 75c to $2 per cord.
¦ .60 tiemakers, same camp, . 10c each.
' | Marker and" distributor,' country laundry, .$15
week; baker, country shop, $50: second cook;
plain hotel, $35; ranch cook, $25; German sec-
ond cook. $30; 3 cooks, waiters, kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay St.
Farmer and><rlfe for orchard.. .....$40
Pruner for orchard .$26
6 woodchoppers, ¦ 4-ft pine. $1 cord
Post makers. and tie makers.... .piece work
.- Bark peelers, near city.: ..... .$35 and found
• Woodworker, city...... $3 25 day
Driver for milk wagon....... .$30 and found
Coopers, slack work .......... $35 . and found
Gardener, country .$25 and : found
GARDENER, $35 and found;. man about place,
$30 and found; fruit farmer and wife. $40
. and found; milker and butter maker, $30 and
found; Burlelgh driller for quarry. $3 day;
pond man for mill. | $60; setter for mill, $60
i and $75; foreman for sash and blind factory;
butler, $40: cooks, waiters and others......
. J. F. CROSETT &CO... 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.— Night waiter,
who can open oysters, etc., $50. married man
preferred; waiter, small .place, $25; pastry
cook, country, $80; gardener, and coachman,
- $30; assistant gardener, $30, etc.
A BOY about 15 years old for work In candy
store, $5 week and . increase. MRS. M. E.
PAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
BARBER wanted. 152 Third st.
WANTED — Man, to ' do chores. Apply- 119
. Tenth st. , . '
FIRST-CLASS bootblack for barber shop, $10
per week. 238 O'Farrell st.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. 440 Broadway.
DISHWASHER panted; $15 and found. 1224
Point Lobos ave. -,
WANTED— A day, cashier at 29 Stockton st.
GOOD shoemakers wanted. 830 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal. " '¦ . .
CHEF cook wanted. 521 Kearny et.~
FOR sale — Barber shop; sickness cause of sale;
price $25. 1547 Mission St.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply at HALE BROS.' ¦
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED-^-lst-class machinery salesman for
engines, . boilers & hoisting machinery; expe-
rience In shop and erecting necessary. Ad-
dress or apply to Rlx Compressed Air & Drill
Company, 396 Mission st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— A carriage painter: must be an all-
round man; good striper and finisher;, single
man preferred; also Eastern man. Apply, to
265 Stevenson St., or Bay View Carriage
Co., San Rafael. /
WANTED— A temperate young man with' $150
as partner In old established business requir-
*ng two; pays about $70 per month. 765 Mar-
ket st., room 3. _ ' ' .
YOUNG man. stenographer and office assistant;
willing to* do outside work if necessary; state
t experience and salary wanted. Box 3474. Call.
"WANTED— Entry clerk, who resides with . his
, parents ; must . be a . good rapid penman and
; accurate at figures; state age and references
when making application. / Box 3442, Call. .
ERRAND boy, 14 or 15 years; light office du-
. -ties; reside with parents; references required
j. for, honesty and respectability. Address B-,
: box 3556, : Call ¦ office. ; .
WANTED^-Honest man with $250 cash; duties,
;¦ tend cash. counter in restaurant; no experi-
ence; $50 month. BROWN, 1221 Market St.
BIG snap— Fine opening for man and wife with
$190; restaurant; -receipts- $10 day; : living
rooms.-.. BROWN, 1221 Market at... .„
EXPERIENCED man to offer grocers* special-
ties; none but competent salesman, well .rec-
• ..ommended. need apply ;. Box 8443. Call office.
"WANTED — At 630 Market St.. State and U.
¦ " -S."». "- volunteer soldiers; "- bring discharges.
HOWE.'; ••¦-.¦ " ;
INTELLIGENT people who need an income ad-
¦ dress Proofreader, box. 619. Philadelphia. Pa.
A REPRESENTATIVE man to 1 call i on cigar
:_ trade. with tobacco Journal; 9 a. m. 310 Clay.
BOY' wanted; assist on ranch; good home. "6195
.^Telegraph ave.. "Oakland. •:• - ' ;
MEN • to ' learn barber trade : • barbers In de-
' ¦ xna.nd : ; only requires 8 weeks : tools donated ;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER CO_-
;LEGE.> 635 Clay at. ,. v . -.-¦..:-.
,WANTED-^-Laborers ; and . mechanics to i know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver . House, 217 Third st.;: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per. week.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
5fc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr. 5th.
MCDONALD _ PERRY have 500 second-hand
'.; shoes for : sale, ; 50c up. t 241 Third at.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
' mailed. S. V. Barber Callut. 741_ Howard.
' - ' ..-;.* ' ¦ ¦ -- •¦ *
SAN fRAJVCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CrI!. ¦comer of Market arid T_r4 streets; open
ur.Ml 12 u'otork ever}" night In the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES— S'ii Mcntsoxery street.
earner Clay; (.'pen until fl:S0 p. m.
."<*• Kaye:? rtrcef. open until 9:M p. m.
«UW M.-AWrtor Mreet: oi>»i» until 'J:30 p. m.
"as Larliin sireut: open until «:30 p. m. -
J'.'41 Kission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
• 22C1 Market Street, corner Sixteenth; open
t.t:til fl p. m.
JOG K!eventh street: cpen Until 0 p. m.
10TX5 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-secoad and Ken-
fjoky- Ftre^ts; open until 5> p. ik.
—00 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. .
\
MEETING NOTICES^
ASYLUM oT^oTd7n~Gate~Coinmandery ¦*_.
No 1«. K_ T.. <>25 Sutter st. — Special THjS™
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 jyj
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra-
' lt>rs are courteously invited. *
K. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D-. F. and A- m
M.. Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS _4\_
..MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:S0 Sjf
o'clock. Second degree. By order of '
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal . m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _/\^
M. M. degree. 7W\
H. G. PRINCE. Sec. iV y
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and ja
A. M.— THIS (MOXDAT) EVENING _fi\_
at 7:30 o'clock. Second degree. By >£_SC
order of the W. M. *1r y
WALTER G. ANDERSON*, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No.. 260, F. m
and A, _.. 1839 Fillmore et.— Third __r%_
depree THIS EVENING. at 7:30 X_SP
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Sec. I^T >
THE annual general meeting of the J_**v w
shareholders of the Independent *N*«*I^»
Red Men's Hall Association will be tw gV
held on TUESDAY EVENING, January 2S,
at S o'clock feharp. in Red Men's Hail, 510-
Bush st. C. G. BALSDORFF, President.
B. A_ SAMMANN. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
he held at the offices of the company. No.
223 Crocker building, city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
PAT, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the
hour ef 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
•Meeting directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction <?f f=uch other business as
may come beforA>said meeting.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
THE regular annual meeting of tha stockhold-
ers of the Union Trust Company of San
Frsncisco will be held at the office of the '
i ccir.tuiny in the Union Trust Company's
building, comer Post. Montgomery and Mar-
ket sts.. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY. ;
the 3d day cf February. 1902. at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electlnc a
be rd of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting-
I. TV. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular unnnal meet-
ing of the lot owners in the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 4. 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. fcr the election of four trustees and
t*uch business as may legally come before
them. THEO FROLICH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon; from John Pasooe and W. H. Se-
ccmbe. in the Chili Ravine gravel mine, near
Placerville, El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chill Ravine: from Warren T.
Russell. In the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
• posit tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
wentx Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a fiat below the mine, gives notice that a >
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal., on February 3. ;
1902. at 1:30 p. m.
F ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet- '
tng of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company. S27 . Market 6t.. San Fran-
Hsco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of
February. l!>02, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
ot directors to serve for the ensuing year, - t
and the transaction of such other - business
ss may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A, GIBSON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED — Agents to sell to families 45 sep-
arate cures for 45 diseases. Address DR.
DE FORD'S REMEDY CO.. 136 S. Broad-
way. Los Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS wanted In every town to buy. rent or
operate slot machines; best inducements.
STAR MACHINE CO.. 2125 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick:qulet;
no charge without euccess; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment;phoneJohn318L
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;billa of sale: partner-
chips; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
• ceesful: open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fee» In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
GOOD strong practical electric automobile of
local manufacture: must be sold at once;
at a bargain. Apply to A. E. BROOKE
RIDLEY. Parrott bldg.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exdmnge.
ALLEN does the best repair work in the State:
moderate prices. 301 Larkln st.
HOARDING FOR .CHILJDRglg^^^
LADY with own home would like children to
board; good care. "3218 Sixteenth rt.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1916.
-———————————___
A— $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition ; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2% barrels per day. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.,
A— $600; CHOP and oyster bouse; close to four '
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— $1000; CANDY store on Mission *_tTrrent
$18; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
Ing- bueinese; value in sight. Call R G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— «750; TURKISH and Russian bath house In
Portland, Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and first -class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner in office i
of R. G. WILKE. 26i£ Kearny et.
A — $1000; HAY, grain, wood and coal yard on '
Mission et.; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2ti^ Kearny.
A — $700; RESTAURANT and chop house: kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located in and between large hotels- •
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$600 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a '
good paying business ;Jow rent;, location can't
be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—<?IGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearhy st. '
A— *600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: es-
tat>Hsb«<l years: first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
coon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon.
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years*
lease; established years; located on Mont-
- Komery Bt. ; good business. Call R. " G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $350; CANDY stand on Sixth st. close to
Market: rent $50; good business; owner other-
wlse engaged. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
BIAS & FIELD 933 Market st.. room 3. op-
posite Mason, phone Folsom 3022 — 40 saloons
J225 to $5000; 50 restaurants and delicacies.
$150 to $6000; 30 cigar stands, $150 to $3000;
fiO candy, notion, delicacy branch bakery
etc. ; 5 partnerships.- from $100 to $1500.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771. " ~
6 Eddy St.. rooms 18 and 10.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands leases
• Money to loan on any of the above. 1
«200— STATIONERY and candy store opposite
echoolhouse; in stock; established 5
years; rent JiC to good tenant wlth'refer-
ences. KREDO & CO.. 14 Vlood building
$400— A SACRIFICE: restaurant worth $1000-
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial riven."
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S5O Market.
J. H. STANTON, real estate and business broker-
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market*
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus, chances.'
IF you want to buy "a business or sell go to
ECCI—R. 321 v Market st.
j BUSIXESS CHA^XjBS--Contlnned. V
HELP me with money to complete equipment
of my business and I will help you, in turn
to greater profits than your money is now
earning, and that, too, without risk. I have
a good patronage guaranteed that will pay
a r.et profit of $uO0 to $SO0 monthly. Four
ladies, appreciating the soundness of fhe
proposition, have subscribed amounts vary-
ing from $200 to SGOJLgach and Eay they will
take larger Interests soon. I invite con-
fidential correspondence with any who mean
business. This is not a speculation, but a
recognized business proposition that ' will
command your respect and confidence. Ad-
dress SAMUEL JEFFREY, box 3436, Call.
$250— PARTNER wanted in " lisht business.
! suited to plain, stea'dy man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week: no experience required; trial
given before buying. ¦ 25 Geary St., room 4.
$250 — PARTNER in fine saloon; grand loca-
tion; positive safe reliable investment: don't
miss it. Business Board Trade, S26 Pine.
FOR sale or lease — The Bay View Livery Sta-
• bles, San Rafael, Marin Co.. Cal. ; contents
I consist of 30 vehicles of every description
- and 26 horses, all in first-class order; cleared
over $500 per month for the last three years.
M. MURRAY, proprietor, San Rafael.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion 1e the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits- over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
WHY not start business for yourself with the
new. -year? best opportunity in the State.
Owner. 434 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
CIGAR stand for sale, only $300; worth $500:
sickness; come investigate: no agents. 1440
Market st.
FOR sale — Restaurant. $225; finest little place
in, the city; $100 cash. .balance on time. Ap-
ply 320 Mason st. »
! $200 — PARTNER wanted; a good chance for
\ steady man. Apply 40 Ellis st.. room 31.
LADY wants partner with capital in good busi-
ness. Box 3431. Call. ' . j
SALOON for sale. Apply AHRENS, PEIN &
BULLWINKEL. 620 and 020% Post Bt.
FOR sale — Old established grocery and saloon.
-132 "Eighth Et.. corner Natoma.
SALOON - for. eale; .opposite* tke ferry. Apply
-111 'East 'St./ north of Market. " ~ ._
$350 — RESTAURANT for sale: good place for
man and wife. Box 3528. Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place man and- wife or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2S14, Call.
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant. Val-
lejo. Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
LODGIAG-HOUSES FOU SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT. COMPANY
850 Market et. TeU Davis 28L"
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 600
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
£0 rooms, central, good payer 1C50
£0 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2200
20 rooms, snap, see it -850
38 rooms, central, clears $200 3200
30 rooms, cheap rent, money maker. .«t 1600
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
0 rooms, rent $32, good furniture....;. 450
17 rooms, rent $60. good payer 900
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner.....". 350
WANTED — Tenant for new 140-room house; all
modern conveniences; steam heat; 35 private
baths; telephone every room; long lease.
DONALD LWESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
- . , i
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market st.
SO ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
eee it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850
Market st. -
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE,
Call on Us
" Any house sold on payments
Call and Get Our Large List. ..
....We have houses In all parts of city
7 rooms, bargain, easy terms.. '. .. $300
68 rooms, corner, clears $-uiO 3500
!• rooms, clears $75. only 250
la rooms, rent" $40, clears $60 450
10 rooms, swell, bargain "... 800
13 rooms, very good, rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF, Phone John 531.
" 906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, . room 12.
75 ROOMS; Stockton; clears $1000 mo. — cheap.
30 rooms; nr. Hyde; cost $3600.:.. .. ...$2800
Elegant flat; Jones St.; 9 rooms...... . 1200
21 rooms; on Eddy; housekeeping; good. 1400
7 rooms; on O'Farrell; trade for lots.. 200
16 rooms; on California; clears over $50. 1600
2 Email flats; cheap rent; close in $140-$160.
2 lovely 6-room fiats; elegant; cheap.
These are bargains ; we advertise nothing else.
FISHER. 935 Market st., tel. Folsom 1592.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~ s ~~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21-22-23; phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us. Flats from 4 to 9
rooms for $215 to $1400; .lodging-houses from
5 to 108 "for $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
from 8 to 88 rooms for $850 to $9000.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~ ~
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell $575
30 rooms, rent only $75/ near Powell st.'. 1400
53 rooms, corner, modern building, snap.". 950
30 rooms, rent $80. reduced to .....1800
f WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market 'St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
A — ¦ ' Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2!
Money to loan on lodg-
\ - ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
RYAN & FIELD, 935 Market, room 3, opposite
Mason, phone Folsom 3022 — Fine places on
Van Ness, Golden Gate, etc. ; plenty, cheap
south Market; houses all sizes; good list of
water,, front houses; 500 houses; big list;
laree places
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., has bargains
in lodging-houses.
7 rooms; rent $2S:"price $300
38 rooms;- rent $100; price. .....171)0
Better call before buying.
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or if you . want to borrow
; MONEY at 1% per cent, call on M. E
RIVES. 916 Market St., rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
AVERAGING $350 month profit— Best 65-room
corner, centrally located lodging-house in
this city; lease; $3500. ..
N. D. SICKELS— the Land Agent— 6 Geary."
A— NOTICE — We "nave rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city- get
opt list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. - $225: must be
eoldfc cause, death; 17 rooms. 28% Clay st.
NINE-ROOM lodging-house for sale cheap. Ap-
ply after 2 p. m.. at 251% Stevenson Bt.
. SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY will discontinue the seancer__nl
day. Tuesday and Thursday nights on the ac-
count of the special readings that he Is giv-
. ing; all who present his ad in clairvoyant
column, i this paper and date, will receive a
private reading at 25c. 1052 Ellis st. bet.
Franklin and Gough. ' •
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medlumi
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrcll st. : Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.; readings daily;
/ 50c and $1; circle: every night. 10c. :
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmist, will
guide you righf 1583 Market St., near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01; eeance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs C J
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; iOc!
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KNOW THY S ~*
And Prospects for 1902 by Coneultine
SIK HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advlc* on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels re-
unites the separated, tells, whom you 'will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how .to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or influence . any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Houre, *10 to 7
oaily:;10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST. — 1104
Corner ;Turk. nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MRS. DR. K. CLAUKE the well-known trance
meatum, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by ma.ll; I send stamp for . pamphlet
- with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the grreat clairyovant. tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife •
•fee 25c and up; satisfaction to ertrybody-
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. ml* 215 H Ct h.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114s -Market' -od
posite Sixth: private readings dally in al- m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a^,-- . ,'.'
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &'card
reader, born with double veil — second sifthf
dlafrnoses diseases with life readings ;ladiesriOc'
cent3 $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 CO 126 Turk!NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ;^^^
G Hicks & w. Stockton J Collins. Boston "'
O Headstone, San Jose T J Qulgley. Ireland
.T M Mossie, Ukiah DrCH Ball, Frtsno
F Shaw, U S N J Mulloy. New York
C H Scamman, Salinas R Clark. Phlla
C F Scamman. Salinas Dr Elliott. Chicago
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
¦ Same- 1 owner with T. ' J. Healy & Sons (con
tractors, architect- same— Plumbing. . gas fit
ting,' sewering, draining, tiling for sinks for
camo on same: $1030. ... •
S. P. Woodworth (owner) with William W.
Rednall (contractor and architect) — All work 1
for a three-story frame building (three flats) on
N line of Frederick street. 38 W of Masonic
avenue, W 30 by N 90:0; $7200.
George P. Allen .(owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architect . August Nordln — All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewering,
painting, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for
a three-story and basement f<-_me building on
E line of Jones street, 104:6 S of Bush, E 60
by S 33; $6285.
Mrs. Margaret Greene (owner) to Hansen &
Wallen (contractors), architects Martens & Cof
fey — All work except draining, plumbing, gas
fitting, painting, mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a three-story, frame building on N
line of Halght street. 87 :tt W Of Devlsadero,
W 25 by N 112:6; $0450.
• Helena M. and Alexander O. Schmidt to
Elizabeth A. Macdonald (wife of D. A.), lot
on S line of McAllister street, 162:6 V{ of
Broderick, W 43:9 by S 137:6; $875.
Adelhelt C. Gutherlet (Metrger) (wife of
Julius) to same, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
• Henry P. and Therese Conrady to Ellis
Bloch, rerecord of 1713 D. 167, lor on S line of
Fulton street 121:10% E of Lyon, E 25 by a
137:6; $10. ' k
Ellis Bloch to Edwin Mohrig, same; $10.
V ' Builders' Contracts.
Estate Cornelius O'Connor (by. Lilly O'Con
nor, executrix) to C. A.' Buckley, lot on 8 line
of -O' Farrell street, 137:6 E of Polk, E 55 by
S 120; $20,CCO.
Allen H.- Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al.
(by G. H.-.Umbsen, referee) to Henry Sahlein.
lot on SE corner of Bush and Polk streets. E
150 by S 120; $100,500.
Orpha Fulton and William C. Spencer (and
as truatee) to Clarence M. Smith, lot on S
line of ".Vallejo street, 100 E of Laguna, E
22:10& by S 107:6; $6250. ; " ¦-'•
Charles and Kate Mattheas- to Francois
Thomas, let on NW corner of Fell and- Bu
chanan streets, W 55 by N 120; $10. .
Norman Parrish Estate (a corporation) to
Thomas McMahon, lot on S line of Green
street, 137:6 E of Devlsadero.v. S 137:6 by E
30, to be exchanged for lot on NE corner of
Clay street and Central avenue, E 100 by ..JO;
grant : . \ . . ,' - ' '. .
EEAL § ESTATE^ "'TRANSACTIONS.
City of Mexico, January 28, 1 902. ;
No." Prize: No. ' Prize. No. Prize. '
7..... 20 '23..... 20 127..... 40 '
130..... . 40 -167..... ¦-• 40 619 40 '
691:-..-.. : . 40 691..... 100 .722..... 40 '
•736 20 986.....' 20 992 21) '
1166..-...- 20 1191.~..... 100 1376 100 '
1428...... 20 1446 20 1684..... 20
1716.....' 20 1724...... 20 1887..... 20
1893 • 40 1953..... 20 1988 20
2038.:... ¦ 20 2271..... 40 2313..... -20 '
2315 20 2329 20 2362 j 20 ,'
2475 -,20 2540..... 100 2962..... 20
2652..... 40 2723..... " 40 2870..... 20
2911..... 40 2917..... 20 2979..... 20
2987..... 40 3036..... 40 8072..... 200 '
3140 20 3188. .20 3232 20
3272 20 6288 20 3291 20
3341 200 3389 20 3561..... 20
3721 40 3750..... 100 3762 20
3766..... 20»3938 100 3968 2Q
4045..... -20 4228..... 20 4232 20
4426..... .20.4652.'....- 20 4735 2000
4862..... 20 4918. :• 20 4987 20
5000 20 5131..... 20.6236 20
5306 20 5338..... 20 5396 20
5741..... 40 6746..... 20 6830 40
5852..... .20 5898... ..' .40-5986..... 20
-5093..... .20 ,6000 100 6061 . :. 20
6097...'.. - . 20 6135..... \ 40 6290..... , 20
6809..:.. .40 7053..... 20 7103..,.. 40
7116..... 20 7147 20 7198 20
7222..... 100 7236,.... 20 7476..... . 500
"7048 • 40 7707..... .40 8082..... 100
8336..... 20 8339:.... ! 20 8669..... 40
8745..... 100 8853 40 8975...;. , 20
9046 20 0229 20 9246..... 40
0336..... 100 9346..V.. 40 9489..... 20
9517...... 40 9532 40 9799. 40
'9833 20 U888..... 20 9988 20
9091 20 10106 40 10283\ .... T 20
10965..... 100 11191..... 20 11267).... 2Q
11577 .20 11642. 1000 11706...... 40,
11769..... 20 11861...... 20 11878..... 40
11926 2012001 .40 12141..... 20
12148..... 20 12157 20 12180. 40
12218..... 20 12247..;..- 40 12275 '20
12331 40 12403. 20 12416: 20
12462..... 2012481.:..: 20 12495. 4O
12515 40 12572 20 12765 40
12930 ¦ 40 13051 20 13338 . . 20
13387..... 20 13580 40 13640..... 20
13779 10013781: . 20 14030..... " 20
14525..:.. 20 14591. 20| 14611. .'... 100
34782 - 40 14800..... 20|l4810 20
15029....; 20 15051..... 100 15055 80
15250 2015274..... 4015285..... 20
15347 100 15428..... -20 15733..... 100
15858..... 20 15988..... 40 16115 40
16152..... 20 16419 .100 16453..,.. 40
16538..... .40 16G07 2016631..... 40
16714......' 40 17044.:... 20 17132 20
17174 10017245..... 2017394..... -20
17926.-...;. 2017954 2017971..... 20
18057. ...} 20 18086..... 200 18164...., 100
18263...... '20 18288 40 18326..... 40
18337..... 100 18536 20 18668..... 20
18926..... • 20 19049..... 20 19094..... 20
19147:..... ..'.40 19328 40 19482..... "40
19797 40 19802..... ¦ 20 19854 .•;:.:'••; 40
19856. :.-. . 100 19981 40 19987. T. . . 40
20049..... 40 20144 500 20241 20
20308..... 40 20380..... 20 20428 40
20468 20 20502..... 200 20818 20
20947 40 21058.....-- 40 21163 20
21262. ' 40 21318..... v 100 21348. 20
21426 20 21436 . 20 21573 40
21500..... 100|21646. 40 21605 lOOO
21781:.... 4021833 40 21U50 20
22130 -20 22140 '20 22200..... 20
22231 2022369..... 100 22470 100
22612..:... 20 22759...:. 20 22856 " 40
22926.V-- 100 22900 100 230GS. .;.. 20*
23079..... 20 23146..... 40 23198 20
23338 20 23347. 20 23400 • 20 !
23530. .... 40 23560 100 23619 20 j
23706. .... 20 23731 . 20 23745 100
23911 ;2023970 20 24C54 40
24154 40 24168..... 20 24216. .....' 20
24231..... 20 24236 40 24433. 100
24480. .... 40 24530. . .'. . 40 24602. 20
24705..... 100125149 40 25212..... 10
25270 40|25i22.... . 40 25485. .... 20
25575 . 100125579.. 20125651..... 20
25813 20|25841 20125945 40
20128..... 20|2C143 40 2G1C2 20 1
26210 40120270 500 20314 40
26618..... 40|26628..... 100 27102 40
27151 20 27217..... 100 27272 . 20!
27301 100 27392..... 20 27552 - 40"
27612 -200 27628 20 27833..... 20
28073 100128095..... 40 2S1S0. : . . . 100
28392...T. • 40|2S4O9 20 2*104 20
28686..... 40129152 20 29313 20
20306; 40I293CS..... 40 29504 20
29601 :...:• 100129708 20 21)807 . 20
29806;.... 20 30:116..:.. 40 30347 40
30408 20 30562 100 30G75 20
30784 20 306<i7..... 20 30879 200
30943..... 20 31C01 2C 31076 20
31154:.... --'200 31163..'... 40 .".1202. . . . . 20
31246..... 20 31284 20 31380..... 40
31464 40|31545..... 500 31586 40
31606 40131617 20 316S6 40
31704 . .2031748.. 20 31774 40
32018. .'. . . 100 323C9 20 .mO3 ,200
32639 20 32S11 . . . . . . 20 33157. . ... 20
33199. 40|33205..... 20;«310..... 40
33394..... 20|33401 . . . . . 40 33176 40 1
33542. .;•...; 40|337l3S. .... 20 33992. 40 \
34001 4031101..... 20 34313.-.-.-.. '40 !
34357 20 34119 "20134544..... 20 i
34604 2Ci.«(ii9 20i;m+4 40 !
34790 . 2034706. ..>. 40i:>4SOO 100
34S74 20 35134 20 35197. . .'. . '. 40
35221 :. . . 7~ "40 352S2.r. . . % 20 i 35350 .-m:— " 20
354U8.. ... ¦ 40 3608B 100 3CC93. . . . .
30126 20 36310. .... 40 36409. .... ?20
36454. . . . . ' 500 3C552. .V; . "' 20 .'50574 20
30593 20 noese ..... lOOOO 30C90 20
S6S75 40 308.01 20.17002 . 20
37050 20 37072 20 37272 200
37300 40 37 17(1. .... 40 374SC. 20
37807 20 37»78. .... 20l37»99. . . . . • 100
38080 "20 .{8186..... 40 38296 20 !
38320. ..: v . 20 38337 40 "JS3!>4. . .. . - 1W»
38483 20 38500 20 3SC25^ . ... ICO
S86J19 20 3S923 C00I3S0M 20
' S91S0...;. 100 .111310 40 31)315 £0
394S2..;.. ¦ 20 3C528. . .: . ' SO no«17 100
306:18 20S07K! '" 100 ::0755. . . .. " 100
30846 ' 20 3002.1 20 .'50928 20
40105 204024(5..... 2C0 40250. .... 20
40284 100 4O400..... 40 40473..... 20
40489..;..: '' 20 40514 40 40057 40
40831 20140000 • 40 40998 40
41041 20(41185 20 41289 20
.41308 100 41410 40 41516 >100
41507 20 41726 500 41830 20
41079. 40 42001 40 421 64..... 40
42417..... 40 42498... '.. 20 42521 40
42537 20 42(528 20 42S57 . . . . . £0 !
42904 40*3124..... 100 43125 20'
¦43154..... 40 431112..... 20 43269..;.. 20;
43480. . . . . 40 434S3. .... 40 43550. .... 20
43558 ' 20 43577..... 100 43608 20
4.1703 401-43797 20 43S79..... 20
4307S. 20I44O0C. .... 20 41002.-. ..." 20
44117 20 44288 100 44373 20
44477 40 44196 20 44522 40
44620. . ...'¦ ' 20 4 4759 20 4484.1 . . . . ; 20
44943. .» 20045080 . 40I4526U 20
45058. .... "40 45600 40 4C078. . .. . 20
40230..... 40 4G239 20146250..... 20
4B3S8 100(46405.. I.. 201415473 ' 40
46572 20I4GC9:). . .\ . 2C 4B801 ..... 40
4fin2S. . . . ; 20 IW):58 40 46962 40
47023 20 472:50..... 40 47.180..... 20!
47.189 ' 40 47401. . . . . ' 20 47450. . . . ; 20 !
47»12t5 20 48020..... 20 4S072 40!
48156. .... 20 48215 CO 4S303 10O I
48440. .... 20 4844T 20 484S5 20 i
4860S 100 48609. .... 20 4S802. 500 '
48813. ••. . . 20 48845. . .T. ¦' 20 ¦•
49091 20 49182..... 40 492C8 100
400JH .2049182 40I4226S 100
40.524 20 49134. 100:49346 40 1
40523 40 40503 ..... 40J4U579 . . . . . 20
49784 20 49840 . 20149S49 " 40
49904..... 20 49U50 '40150004... .. 40
50106 ' V20 60111..... 20,50121 20
5024S. . . .'.'' 20 504,12. . . . . 200*50488. .. . . : 20
60172. . . . . .20 50538. . . . . 2O|5O566. :. . . ' 20
5O«r>O. .... -20 50076..... 20150005..... 40
0O739 • ' 40 B0751 ...... . 20I507S8. . ; . .60000
50706....'.--" 40 50820. .'..'. ¦ 20150006...... 20!
G092G 100|50!)30. . . . . 40|51018. ... . 1000 !
61187..... 40151199..... 40151240..... 40
51282. ....-,• 40 61381..... .20151475...,. 40
51B55..... 4051502...:. 20 t 51635. .. . . 500
Bl'UO..... 20 518S8.. ... 40 5202(1. ....*. 40
02207 20 5222S..... . 20 52338. . . . . ' 10
52112..... 20 524-11..... 20 52523. . . .. 40
52524 20052561..... 100|52767 ,20
52^.13 ..'...- 20 5.1028 ..... 20 ! 53061 ...... 20
M177 >, 20 53190..... 20 53410 40
CJ4S0 40 5.1643...... : 20 53704. . . .. 20
53S01 .....-• 20 54000 20 04129 ; .- . 20
54137 ' 10054300 20 54629 : 20
54633 20 54762..... 20 54815...... -40
540.10. 20155040. . . . . 100 55004. . . . .- ; 20
5518S..... 40|55587..... 40I55G39 100
5.T770. .-. :. . 20155841. . 40I55S51. ... . -. 40
55SSC . . '40 5(1160..'. ... 100156252 l>0
C6268. .... 20 S6317. .... 1OO;5*54!H . '20
56531 4056C40 20 50095. ....-' 20
670C4...... 40157067..*... 20 671.12..... 20
57400.....' 100167505,.... 4057576..... . 20
57S26.. '..."- 20 57827. 20 67849 20
¦>B7S60 40B7944..... 40SS023..... 20
58140..... 20 5814(1. . V. . 20 58109.....-- 40
58321.:...' 2OI58M28 S0I584O4 40
58120. . . ;. 20li>fi512. .;. . 1000I5S597. . . . , i» 20
68309. : . . . 20158663. -.. . . - 200|C8667. .... 20
" 58754....; 100 58810..'... 40 1 58061.. 4 ...- 40
58087 201590H;.... 20159141..... ¦- 40
50402..... .20150493..... 20 ! 5O5.'{3. ;... 10t>
B0564..... < 40 59049.... . 40 59950.....' 40
; 00164..... ' 40 60463...... 40 60582. . ... - 20
" fiO69fl..... 10060808..... 200 61218.'.... 100
01266..... 100 61281..... .20181315...... 20
' 61393..:.. 40 615.11..... 20|019,13. ...... 20
61949 • 40 61063 :, 20161960 • 20
62028..... -'40 62103,.... 20162153..... 20
62192....." "2062237 .'...;¦ 40162482. ..".. r r " 20
¦ 62670;:... : - 20 02946 .- 20 63063. ...,-..-'20
63151..... 20IC3217..... 20 6.1401..... . 20
: 63439 '.-..."¦' 40163570. '.;.: 20 04001 20
I 64035..:.. 20164144...... 100 64152..... 20
f^218 200ie4o2.t.\ . . . 40 64325 20
' MX'.O ... 40164598... ... 100 64638 .....,' 40
i C4771 100 65100 r 40165321 . . . . , I- ' 20
H. r^44 .... 2'? 0M57 ..,.;¦ 200165411 . . . , . 20
05450..... 100 05473.,,.. 40 05519...-.., • 20
ft">.'!S..... 20 05071'..... .40 fiCOOO. .... .' loo
(iCOO^..... 20 6C1«8. ; . . . - 401602.15..;.. 20
66020 '¦•>' 20 66642..... 20166834. 100
66041 ...'100166074..... . 20160099. .... 200
f.7017. . .'.. 401670.10. ... . 4O|67aS2. . . . . 40
67103 ..:. 40167109. .... 20JC7194 20
67217...:. :40 67254;.;. '.' 40 ! 67.100. ..:. 20
«7344...: 20lli73C0. '...; 20 673S5...... -20
67452 ..:. -'- 20l076flS.-... ".*.'¦ 20!fi7S87 40
67066 ... • ¦ "40|«79»3 3001(58136. .:. . 100
BS1«»O ' -'-lOlBSlSl. .... -4OI6R242,...'.- . . 20
08459"" * .. 20IRS5.15. . . . . . ¦ 100168504. . . . . 20
fi87(i7 • . •-201(187.1-1..... ' ,20 1 (18750 ...... '200
• 68884' '.'.. . 20i«89S2. .... 20 69150. . .'. . . ' 100
6B207 . . ' 2001C9226. : ; . . .'20 60297.: ... 20
6JWI5 - . , - 40!r»321 ..... " 20160322 100
60S45.! 20160363..... 20169475..:.. 20
694S0i.... 40160673 200! «976T; ....;: 40
69S37 ' . ' lOOIfWSOR. . . . ." 2f»!«HMS. : . . . . : 20
70117' . -• P0I70174.:.:. 40170411..... 100
70423..... 20I7C572 .. 40i"0<>OQ.. ,V. '¦ 20
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
¦ No. 60,788 draws first capital prize of
$60,000. Sold in Houston, Tex., and Knnls,
Tex. '
N. 4735 -draws second capital prize of
$20,000. Soldrln New Orleans, La. \
¦ No. 36.686 draws third capital prize of
$10,000. Sold in Mobile, .Ala.; Havana, Cuba,
and St. Loula, Mo. I
Nos. 11,642. 22.695. 51,013. 58,512 and 78,353
draws- each $1000. . Sold In Lynn, ' Mass. : St.
Louis. Mo.; San Luis Potosl. S. L. P.: Orizaba,
V. C; Mexico City; Panama, Colombia; Lquis
vllle, Ky. : Chicago, 111. ; Memphis, Tenn. ; Ha
vana.' Cuba; San Antonio, Tex.; Bay City,
Micb.;- Houston. Tex.; Galveston, Tex., and
Indianapolis, Ind. ¦
ANGEL RAMERO.
¦ For the Treasury Department.
U. • BASSETTI, Manager,
. - Per E. Berthier. Acting Manager.
:.-. : .i ,.,:, APOLINAR CASTILLO,.,
-- a,--..- - .,-,' •*:-.-¦• .i .-¦ > Intervenor.
'799 numbers ending with 88, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— «20.
799 numbers ending with 35, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capi
tal Drlze of $20,000— $20.' ....
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
100 numbers from 60,738 to 50,838 inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prise of $60.000 — $60.
100 numbers from 4686 to 4T85 Inclusive, be
ins - 60 numbers . on each aide of the number
drawing the capital prlae of $20,000— $40.
. 100 numbers from 38. 630, to 36.736 inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $10,000— $20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES,
No. • " Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
70842.'..'.. 20 70868.... '. 20 70983 .'.... 20
71076...... 40 71004 ..V.. 20 71251..... 20
71333...;. 40 71548..... 20 71772.. •... 40
71794..... ¦ 40 71S11...:. 20 71813 .V.... 100
72025.....' -20 72066. 200 72057..... 20
72104...... 20 72176..... 20 72294 2O
72410.'.... 40 72482..... 100 72506 20
72540..... 2072S28..... 4072070..... 20
73038. .... 20 73267. .. . . 20 73278 20
73380..... : 20 73362 40 73397 20
73526 -.I 100 73530..... 20173835 40
73S85..... 100 73912..... 40173977..... 40
74088..... 600 74115..... 40174191 20
74328..... 100 744%)..... 100 74572..... 20
74600..... 20 74672...'.. 20 74748..... 40
l 74S38 "' 20 74842 20 74984..... 40
75101..... 2075129 40 75241 20
75402.;... ' 20 75510 40 75561 20
|75688 2075881..... jlO 75900. .... 100
75995 v 20 76017..'... 40 76108..... ¦- 200
76116..... 100 76267..... 40 763S5..... 20
76392: 2076440..... 20 76464 200
.7*168...-..' 2076564..... 40 76623 40
76717:..;. 4076733..... 40 76986 .20
77310..... 207732ft 20 77459 40
77531..... 20 77557 100 7769« 20
77739 40 77844 '20 77911..... 20
78018 40 78130 40178162 40
78285 207830© 40178353 1C00
78362 20 78363 20 78445 20
78461 40 78462 100 78709 .100
78735..... 4078802..... 40 78884 .20
7S915..... 100 7*016 40 79095 40
79139 20 70144 40179348 20
79425 4079538 40179677 -.40
79731 -2079847 20179931 40
THE SAN IBiNGISCOCALlH MONDAY- JMU^RY 27, 1902.
L
9
HALLWAY - TKAVEL.
Santa Fe '
' ¦ ¦> • __
I PflinS— Daily.
Leave. Marktt-strcgt Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:0«p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
". Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:33 p 11:15 a, 10:50 p
" Hantord. 3:12 p 3:27 pi 8:05a
'• Visalla.. 3:.t»p I 5:00a ...-..-.
"Bakersfd 0:15 p 5:20p 7:45 a .......
•• .Kaa.City ....:..( 2:40a! 7:30a ...
" Chicago.. 1 1 2:15 p| 9:00 pj...
a lor morning - p for atternoon.
' 9:C0 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited,' carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dlnins Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
. runs to ¦ Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally.
' . 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced 'and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m.' daily. N
S p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through ' Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
.dally. . . - - . : - ;v; - i ; ¦• .. s
7:20. a. m. is. Bakersfleld Local, stopping ;
at all 'points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a.m. daily. !
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot,. San Francisco; 1112 -.-Broadway,
Qnklanii. -.¦'¦¦ '.--¦- ¦ -. - - . ¦.;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ Via Sausallto Ferry •
i'l.'^i Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
' AND. SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:48 3:1». 4:15, 6:15; •6:15,-6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley, and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at- 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦ ¦¦ '
SUNDAYS—^CO, »10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. «l:lfi»
3:15- *4:45. 6:30, 0:30 p. m.
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL, TO ; SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— '5:25. 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, 10:19
a. m., *12:25, 2:15. »a:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS ¦ on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:10, »S:0O. 'lO:©©. *11:45 a. m..
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. .. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
am. > 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
¦SUNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a., m., 12:05. 2:15.
3:30. 6:00. 6:45 p. m. . .-
. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and. way
stations. -
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.* - • • ¦ ; . " ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan M7i and ¦way
stations.- •* .-•.-..¦ i \ *
r. Legal Holiday, boats and trains will run oa
; , Sunday time, • -. .; -¦.•••
AMOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• ¦ Leave •¦ Via Sausalito Ferry - Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St Sin Fran.
jjays. _aa>s. _. tt# mOTl , f Tmm , t oa >^- ±22S
i 9-30 a. 8:00a. p^,,- .^Mh, i«.,_ _ jjo 100 p. ir.io a.
i_S I: S: ISSaS 1^ -8 i £? ?:
V 1:15*. , 5:65 f.
'- : ¦ ¦'. Para. Ema Fnndw* t* Sraiall _4 lUtarn, SIM.
; SMutoam. c_ jiAiciiT gTjuEST _4 sjlcsa—to fsaar.
v^Pfa- -to Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL*<SfcJs 6^9 EEAB>¥ ST. Established
BBH^^vSk'" I»54 for the treatmont of Private
S^UuftuSSr Diseases. L»"t Munuood. TJebilitr or
CbM9bsjk__A <1 iM»as<* wearing on body and mind and
r^BaSCgKI— gflSkln Diseases. The Cpctorcnres when
£«8^,*g3gother8 full. Try him. CbRrurs low.
I^ilgM&fat'ijreicunranterd. Culler writ*
".Dr. J. -'. MlBnOJf. ti&u l'raucirco. Cat.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.'
TURK. 130 — Nice furnished single room cheap.
WILLOW ave., 14, near Eddy — Large sunny
furnished front room; 2 men or man & wife.
'..- _ ROOMS JUtJi BO '^gy^' \^. ;-.'
MEREDITH. 218 Turk; sunny -front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
' table ; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
St.; conservatories. ¦
HANDSOMELY furnished front room with
board ; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; good location; reasonable.
Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
NI AR A. 615 Taylor— Sunny rooms ; ' ! excellent
- board; one management; terms reasonable. .
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Butter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome furnished apart-;
mentB: conv.; 2 to C gents; best table board.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. .
RUPTURE— Will lengthy ads cur« you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206 Market st.,
and get eured: treatTngnfc free. ¦ • ¦ ¦
. : SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or .country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Gr«*en 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145.6th.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840;. shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. 2EHFUS3.
PACIFIC Stftrage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^^PEWRTTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert -
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sangome.
PROPERTY-OWNERS - CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect It COc a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty flues;
¦chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
PROPOSALS. ~~
SAN Francisco. Cal., January 27, 1902.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m., Thursday, February 27, 1902, :
and then opened, for construction of sewer
system, water 'distributing system and steel
tank and trestle at Fort Mlley, California.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids in whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
¦ eluding in the price of foreign productions
i the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-i
j tlon produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER, Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M. ¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death noticed sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be'
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
. BERGSTROM— In this city, January 26, 1902,
to the wife of Dr. G. Bergstrom, a son.
BROMLEY — JAGHEN— In this city; • January
22, 1902, at St. Stephen's Church, by Rev.
E. J. Lion, George A. Bromley and Mary
W. Jeghers, both of this city. . • .
• DIED.
Arnold, Elbridxe F. Kriske,- Ernst L.
Burrows, Robert M, Leonard, Bridget
Callundan. Fred P. Lewenberg, Rosa
Corcoran, William McDonald, Annie
Driscoll. William H. Mclntyre. Eugene
Dunmore, Sarah Macher, Josephine E.
Edwards, Lulu Miller, Genevieve R.
Friedlander. Ernest Moore, John P.
. Gallegos. Teresa Nedderman. Bernard
; Glenn, William H. Ohm. Rudolph A.
: ¦ Gobs, Elizabeth Peterson, Mrs. K.
Graham, Thomas Powell, Emma Irene
Gribble, John B. Reilly, William J.
Jackson, Silas Sellon, Samuel E.
James, Jennie L. • Simmons, Charles
Kelly, Patrick J. . White. Edward F.
Kins. Eliza
i ¦ • •
, ARNOLD — In Alameda, January 26, 1902, El-
bridga F., beloved husband of Ellen M.
' Arnold, and father of Mrs. J. R.< Russell,
Francis W. and Elizabeth D.- Arnold, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 2
' months and 25 days.
' BURROWS — In this city, January 25, 1902,
Robert M., dearly beloved son of Thomas
i and Mary Burrows, and brother of Thomas,
Charles and Mary burrows, Mrs. W. A. Har-
rison, Mre. F. Throglde and the late John
Burrows, a native of San Francisco, ageil
' 20 years 10 months and 25 days.
, [C7Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers,' 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thehce to Sacred Heart Church Xor
i services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. "\
• CALLUNDAN— Irt this city, January 26, 1002,
Fred P. Callundan, a native of New York.
1 CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! . (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
. CORCORAN— In this city, January 25, 1903
William, beloved husband of the late Min-
nie Corcoran, and father of Thomas, Marie
Jennie and Alice. Corcoran and the late John
Corcoran, a native of- County Kilkenny, Ire-
land. A member of Division No. 3, A. O
H. of A.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
I J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick's Church for serviced
at 1:15 o'clock. • Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In Sacramento, January 23, 1902
William H. Driscoll. . brother of Mrs. B. p'
• Jenkins, aged 52 years. ...
; (E7The funeral -services will be held to-
l -.day (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street
¦ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
' ctreets.
DUNMORE— In Alameda, ' Cal., January 26
1002, Sarah, beloved wife of the late Will
Ham Dunmore,' and mother of the late John
and Ienetlus Dunmore, and sister-in-law of
John Dunmore, a native of County Kilkenny
Ireland, aged 50 years.
(C7*Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224 and 226 McAl-
lister Street, opposite City Hall. Interment
: Laurel Hill Cemetery. . .
; EDWARDS — In this city, January 26, 1902.
I » Lulu; • beloved wife of John S. Edwards,
mother of Leslie' Edwards, daughter of tha
late Jeremiah and Ellen McCarthy, and sister
i of John McCarthy,* Mary E. Cllne and Mrs.
A. McGlynn, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years a/id 6 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'. (Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, f rom. . her late
! residence. 1341 Eddy street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy | street, . between Scott
and Devisadero, where a requiem high mass
I will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. • Interment * Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
' FRIEDLANDER — -In this city, January 24,
1&02, Ernest, beloved husband of Jeanette,
; and father of Abraham, Slgmund and Her-
bert Friedlander, and brother of Herman
; : .Friedlander and Mrs. Fanny Lyons of Ger-
imany, a native of Germany, ¦ aged • 69 years
[ 11 months and 12 days. ¦• ,¦"..'¦
> (C7"Friend<? and acquaintances are respect-
l ' fully Invited to attend the funeral services,
Monday, January 27, 1302, at 10 o'clock, at
'. his late residence, 158 Central avenue, near
i i Page street. * Interment . Hills of Eternity
: Cemetery, by the 11:30 o'clock train from
• ; " Third and Townsend streets. '
1 GALLEGOS — In - this • city,-. January " 25," 1902,
* ; Teresa Gallegos, a native of San Jose, Costa
'. Rica, aged 04 years 8 months and 5 days.
! (ETFriends are . respectfully Invited to at-
• tend the funeral - services to-day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at Notre Dame.des Vic-
• tolres - Church, Bush street. : between Grant
.avenue and Stockton- -street. • Interment
strictly private. Please omit flowers: •.;?.
• GLENN— In this city, January 26, 1902, Wil-
; Ham H.. dearly beloved son of William H.
and Mary A. Glenn, brother of - Alice and
Laura. Glenn, Thomas Kern .' and Mrs. R
Burns, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
; years 9 months, and "26 days,:*
• GOSS— In this 'city,." January 26, 1902, Eliza-
beth, .beloved wife of the. late Michael- Gose,
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In pood order; all
¦^ sizes: cheep. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
V I'ALVrCRS AjmDECOnATOHS^
Ra^¥jw^dnfTupr^hiteninK and tinting
done. HA.RTMANN Paint Co.. S19 Third St.;
telephone Red 3521.
PALMISTBY^
G. L. NeerEaartTpre^nrit. GerJajrcdT-
lege, reads 1 to 4- 700 Post: phono Hyde 2933.
H- JEROME FOSELLI. sclentlno palmist 515
Taylor Bt.. bet. Geary and Poet; tel. Black 561.
S4500— PARTVER wanted for legitimate buel-
ness- every dollar absolutely secured: only
parties meaning business. Box 3459. Call.-
PERSONALS.
TOJORS^D CANCERS CURED- The Napa
Sanatorium will take a lew cases of tumors
and cancers, making no charge until cure is
complete. Address Napa Sanatorium. Xapa,
. CaL I
AN elepant line of remnants for suits to order.
JIB; with these suits make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
6t., betw»!en Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to (1 50 per night; 91 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggrage to and from the ferry-
WHT guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
r. and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A — WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A NEW shampooing- machine ; dries your hair
In 10 minutes and benefits the. hair: sham-
pooing 50c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
10.000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth St.. room
11; call after 1 a. m.
ANTIQUE! jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, 118 Geary 8t. Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Fi».rrell:send for circular.
HEALTHY brunette boy & girl baby for adopt-
ion. Emilia Funke. 1416 8th et.. Alameda.
JQIE LA.URME'S sure cure for dandruff and
falling hair; con, free. 1007 % Mkt.; parlor 1.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Hair Remover.
708 Polk st.. near Eddy; phone Polk 3522.
ACTTNA for sale by the A'Vlda Company, 763
Valencia et., comer Nineteenth,
gkating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
/ ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
/ Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Butter; tel.Larkln 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. 1002% Dolores st.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand, 126 Keamy st., tm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Butter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O*Farrell; country orders.
: TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the beat corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all druggists'.
- A WEEK'S new* for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PLAXING A3TD TUBJflS'G MILLS.
AVOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawing. CARL P. HAAS. 95 Fremont
PHYSICIANS AJVD SURGEOXS.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
mrgeon. at 1122 Market Et.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Office and residence,
1021 fc Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
i DR. WONG HIM. berb doctor, successfully
¦r*- treat? all diseases of the human body; see
. testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason.nr.EHla.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY January 28. 1802
At our salesroom. No. 638 Market et.,
. at 12 o'clock noon.
HARRIEON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Northwest corner (1122 and 1124) Harrison
and <136-13t$34) Laogton "to.; 2 stores and bake
oven; 8 flats and a bouee of 11 rooms and
bath; all in rplendid condition and Always
rested: pays {2052 per annum; this la a gilt-
edge Investment which pays big Interest and
will surely Increase in value; lot 55x80 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Northeast corner of Noe and Liberty Btt.;
sunny corner lot dose to Castxo-et. can In
a choice residence district; corner lot 50x103
Jeet.
MADISON-AVB. INVESTMENT.
Eouttrveet side (No. 15) Madison ave., 275
feet aoutheast of Harrison St.; 2 well built
flats of 5 rooms each, renting for flS per
month; lot 22:6x80 feet.
EIGHTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northeast side of Eighth et., 106 feat north-
west of Harrison; a fine lot suitable for stort
and flats; lot 20x€S feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
Southwest corner of McAllister st. and
Parker ave.; handsome lot ready for build-
ing in a rapidly growing neighborhood: over-
locking the Golden Gate Park; a desirable lot
f for a builder to erect flats on; lot 52:3^x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Eouthw«et Bide (Xos. (124 and 126) Juniper
Et., 250 feet eouthi-aFt of Harrison; 4 well
built fiats of S rooms each; rents $40 per
rr.oath; these flats are always rented and are a
Eafe, sure Investment; lot 25x85.
MISSION-ST. PROPERTY.
East side of Mission et.. 100 feet south of
street a*».; etore and lot 50x100 feet; rents
$12 per month; also lot adjoining, 25x100 feet;
street bltumlnlzed and electric cars pass tha
doors. . ;•
tBERXAL HEIGHTS UNIMPROVED PROP-
¦ ERTI.
East side of Cherubusco ave., 50 feet south
of Co6« et.; 2 lots 25x70 feet each; east side
of Cherubusco ave.. 425 feet south of Esmer-
cdda et_ ; 2 lots 25x70 feet each, and west side
of North ave.. 165 feet south of Esmeralda
ave. These lots are only 2 blocks from the
Jklleeion aod VaJencia-st. cars.
POTRERO-AVE. LOTS.
West rifle of Potrero ave., 250 feet north of
Helena »-t. ; lots 81. 92. 93, 94, 95. Silver Ter-
race Homestead; fine lots; only 1 block from
electric care; 25x100 each.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
Southeast corner Mission road and Oliver
rt.; 6 level lots . ready for building; only 3
minutes' walk from the electric cars and
Ocean View station ; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions; lot 126x90 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market et.
A SPECIAL BUY— FOR SALE BY
THOS. MAGEE A SONS.
5 Montgomery St.
$8000— A very artistic and comfortable horns
In Presidio Heights. * Two stories and ! base-
ment, having 10 room's and 2 baths. Built 2
year*. Lower floor has reception room and re-
ception hall, llbary. dining-room and kitchen.
Sideboard and china cloeet built in the house.
Four mantels and 4 washstands. Heater
throughout house; electric lights and gas. This
bouse has epace on north and south sides, there-
fore affording light, sun and air on three sides,
end light and air on one aide. Artificial stona
sidewalk laid. Sutro electric cars 1% blocks
away; cable cars on Sacramento - st. being
cbaored to electric line. Permit to Inspect a*
our office.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 6 rooms and bath
and finished basements on sunny side street.
310 Jereey et.. near Noe. •_
MUST sell — At a sacrifice, on account of de-
parture, a new 5-room cottage, bath, mantel.
Ill Montcalm et., near Isabella; Investigate.
FOR sale— Double house, 10 rooms and bath.
at 976 Pine et. •
FOR Bale — 8-room house, with garden and
etone walks. 1919 Oak St.. facing Park.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for ft.
postage paid. I
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
"* •< " ¦ "•
FOR exchange— Some gilt-edged stock In a
solid corporation which will bear the closest
investigation, for a. clear home; price not to
exceed 45000 and not lees than $2000: this is
not oil or mining stock, but in a fine going
factory; property muet be in Oakland, Ala-
Jmeda or Berkeley. Call evenings at 805
Eleventh st.. Oakland, CaL
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY — For Sale
— -FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO——
Small tracts, $60 to (90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st, for para>
phlctg ana information. ' •-" •¦ '
FOR sale on account of departure^ — Qood pay-
ing: milk ranch; good private route; 16 cows,
9 heifers, 100 chickens, 2 horses, 20 pigs. 60
acres of land; all farming implements.. In-
quire at Oakvllle Wine Co., SW. cor. Folsom
and Army *ts. -
STOCK farm for rent, f 150 per year; 360 acres;
100 fenced: 40 under plow; 3 in bearing fruit
trees; good house and barn. Addresss Im-
mediately. CARL NIDEROST, Hopland,
Mendoclno County. CaL i
POINT RICHMOND! — Beautiful acre lots in
Richmond Addition; a limited . number, and
the only acre lots near Richmond ; . *>rio«.s
low; terms reasonable. Bee J. H. MAC-
DONALD & CO., 1052 Broadway, Oakland.
FRUIT orchard, 34 acres; 26 acres bearing:
close to Winters;' make offer. H. C. DECK-
ER, 1020 Market St. 1 _
AT bargain, 4 V acres 1 mile 'below San • Ma-
teo; level, rich soil; some improvements;
good water; mild climate. Owner, 634 Mkt.
AT Kenwood. Sonoma Valley, 1 to 15 acre
tract on Sonoma Creek; finest, land; easy
terms. J. T. PETERS, 11 Montgomery st.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big ironey, easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Bddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free list. C. R. Winfleld, Petaluma.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA Cottage: $1000; Bix rooms; large
lot: easy payments. 610 Twelfth st., Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKEf.KY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $2000— Fine, well built house of fl rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot,
on the EUnny side of street; street work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J_ MA-
SON, real estate, Beikeley station. »» ¦
$2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; • modern;
- one block from station: lot 50x110: terms to
salt; Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SNTDER. 4C7 Ninth St.,
or branch office, Adeline station. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE).
AN uncarelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins ¦_• 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of tf rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon ccte. etc.: ornamental grounds; ' fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or on*
hour from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; pries
Apply J. R. FKEUD. Mills building.
or H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
LOT, 45 feet front: close to electric road; large
discount cash. Box 3555. Call. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — 7-room cottage, modern, large lot.
trees, flowers, near Telegraph ave., Oakland,
$2600; 10-room dwelling, modern, central,
near streetcars and local trains. Oakland,
$5500. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth Et. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh et.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave., 615—3 rooms for housekeeping,
unfurnished; rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st.
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping 2 beds.
$14; 3, $20; 2 beds, bath, also single, $4 to $5.
FOLSOM, 742A— Large room, housekeeping.
with yard connection; cheap at $7 50 month;
clean place.
GEARY, 1012. near Van Ness ave. — Nicely
furnished front room and kitchen; use of tei.
HYDE, 412— Newly furnished front basement
suite; yard, laundry, $20; also large room $12.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521 — 2 large rooms furnish,
•d or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs.
MCALLISTER, 835. lower— Nicely furnished
suite housekeeping rooms, $13.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth — Furnished house-
keeping complete; also, sunny double front,
* cheap.
MISSION, 766, near Fourth— Furnished house-
keeping rooms.-
OAK. 119^-2 sunny rooms, range, sink. $12; '2
basement rooms. $9; front room, $6; back
room, $7; all furnished for housekeeping.
ONE to 7 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; pri-
vate residence; also lower floor, 3 rooms, $15
1315 O'Farrell st. -^
VALENCIA, 128 — Alcove sunny rooms with
kitchen; adults; references; near 5 car lines.
Virginia, 1005 Powell-2sunny front housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$20.
$50 — FURNITURE and carpets, 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms; rent $15: Leavenworth. 14
Flood bulldinz. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 70c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BROADWAY. 930 — 2 extra large sunny front
rooms; bath and yard; rent $8.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
85c, tl 60 night; $1 60. $0 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 418 (The Pierpont) — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths.
ELEVENTH. 142 — 2 rooms, 1 furnished and
1 unfurnished; reasonable. .
FRANCISCO ' Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk ic Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN' GATE ave.. 759 — Finely furnished
suite, run. water, grate, gas, bath, all con.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family, house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
; home at moderate charges; sult.single;elevat.
HOWARD. .1076 — 3 sunny rooms and bath.
JONES. JKiC. in lower flat — One large room,
double bed: hot and cold water; privilege of
bath; breakfast served if desired.
KEARNT. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en eulte or single.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths: newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room: $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217, near Third— Single and double
furnished rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nUhed rooms; $2 a 'week up; 35c a day up.
NICELY furnished room In private family;
near Park; suitable for man and wife. Box
3454, Call office. , . ¦
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 430 — Sunny front room: suitable
for one or two gentlemen; $8 month.
POWELL, 128 and 1H0— Has changed hands;
nicely furnished sunny rooms; also single.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator oa ground
£ floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. 1002 — Furnished flats, suites and single
: rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. ¦ .<
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth _ at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished, t
SHIPLEY, 234— Nicely furnished, large front
room, $6 and |1; sunny; -for lady or gentle-
man. ' . '
SIXTH. 108 — Furnished rooms to let. $1 25 per
week and up.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. ¦
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. . ¦
BUNNY furnished rooms in private family;
neighborhood Pine and Leavenworth; gentle-
men only. Box 3447," Call.
AUCTION SALES
__a fe ' J_a
CLOSING OUT SALE
OF THE FOLLOWING STANDARD .
27 Palo Alto Brood Hares.
Anselma, 2:89^ 4dam of Anselor. 2:11%). hf
Ansel. 2:20; Asombrosa. by Azmoor, 2:20Vi;
Bell Bird. 2:22, Electioneer; Cecino. Mendoclno,
i:19%; Clarion. 2:25%. Ansel, 2:20; Clario-
nette. Dexter Prince; Coralla, Boodle, 2:12%;
Corsica. Dexter Prince: Ella. 2:29. Electioneer;
Elsie (dam of five in the list). General Benton;
Giaclnta. Guy "VVilkes, 2:15Vi; Lady Agnes.
(dam of two in the list). Electioneer; Lady Nut-
wood. 2:34Vi (dam of three in the list). Nut-
wood, 2:18%; Ladywell, 2:16%. Electioneer;
Laura Drew (dam of two in the list). Arthur,
ton; Lena, Dexter Prince; Lilly Thorn. Elec-
tioneer; Morning Glory (dam of two In tha list).
Electioneer: Nellie Benton, 2:30 (dam of two in
the list). General Benton; Ororose, Oro "Wilkes,
2:11; Sabllng, Guy Wllkes, 2:15%; Sonoma,
2:18. Electioneer; Sylla Barnes, Whips, 2:27H:
Wlldmay, 2:30 (dam of Wilder. 2:ldVi). Elec-
tioneer; Zorllla, Dexter Prince. All safe In
foal to such sires as McKlnney. 2:1134: Ira-
Alto, 2:12V*; Nutwood WUkes, 2:1«H: Mendo-
cino, 2:19%; Exloneer, Azmoor. 2:20%; Mon-
bells. 2:23%, etc.
. , \ ALSO THE FOLLOWING HORSES:
Bay stallion AZMOOR. 2:20%. Electioneer-
Mamie C: brown gelding Altower, Altlvo
(2:1S%)-Wildflower (2), 2:21: chestnut gelding
Merzle. Mendoclno (2:19%)-Llzzle.
Sale Will Take Place at th«
Occidental Horse Exchange
721-723 Howard Street. San Francisco.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1902
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. ra.
Horses at Yard January 27. Send for Catalogue.
* WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
ETTMs will be the grandest opportunity ever
offered seekers after first-class, handsom* trot-
ting mares in foal to the most fashionable sire*
in California to get them at their own price.
Many of these are young and after they have
weaned their foals will make very destrabla
roadsters. A handsomer lot was never offered.
There will be no reserve. '
fe £p> ''£$£ £>
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE at x
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Stxth street.
WEDNESDAY, January 29, at 11 a. m., we
will sell 40 Head of Good Horses.
¦ .- .. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
EAIL"WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACTFia
. ! Tr-lsui iMt • iiiiii »r« 4-e to xrrlv* •• j
. .NAN riUNCINCU. , --, •
- ' ' (Mainline, Foot of Market Stwt) : .
- _t- ? » — g-OM D«CI— BXJi 8. 1901. — AJtMTt
¦ 7i«Ox Benlds, Sulaun, Elmlrm and B*ar»-
. - mento fl.'M*
. ?tO«A Vs_VTiU«. WlnVW.'Bumaey ?*M»
- 7i3«a M«tln«i.3»QU»naoo.V*li«Jo.N»pik
Cmlistock and Bsnta Ross, •i_9»
8:OOa Dtrft, Woodland. Knignu LandJnj.
Mu-MTiUe. OroTille 7t»9
SiOO* AtUntlo Kipress-Ogdsn and Baa* Hx*Ma
IiMa NUea. Lstkrop. 8tcckton...... ?_»»
•tOOANUes. Mendot*, Hsj-ord. VbMlla,
••••A Bhi utt Express— DmrtLWull Is, _ s (lot
. . BartleU BprinnX Willows, Sad
Bluff. Portland... 7tU»
SiBBa 8—i Josa, Lli armor*. Stoektan,
Ions, . rtacimmeato. PtaoerrlUa, ;
Mxryiflllp. Chlco. ltoi «Inff 4i3.*»
«¦*»» Omkdalo, Ohine»s,8oBor», Tuohunn« - 4:S9f
•>«o a Hayward. Silts u4 Was Buttons.. 1 1 t**A
•i«Oa Vallejo l_l*S»
•too* Los AnssiM Express — Martinei.
Traoy. Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
Trsano and Loa Angelas 7:33a
••»•* Valleju. Maxtlaes and WaySteOana 7»5S|>
I*t««A Tha OrexUnd limited— Og-in. !»•_•
»er, Omaha. Chicaja Bi33»
flsOOr fl»cr»m«uto Ulrer 8Matnars fll***'
- Siour Uenlcla, Vf inters, Sacrunsnto,
Wouilland. KulglkU Landing.
M»ryt»ille. Oro»lll« l«l8S_
•tS«r Hayward, Nilaa and Wsy SUtlont.. j 7tS9»
4t««p Martinax. Hmi IUraou. Talleja.
Nspa. Oaliitni*. Santa Ron »¦» 3»
4t««>F NUaa. UTermore, etoektonfJLodi... 1 »•»*»
4 ia«r Haywaid. N lie., Han Joi*. Uvarmora t «*«-
«:S*r Tbs Owl Umited — Fresno. Tolai*.
Bakenfisid. Saagsa for Smits, Bat-
bark, Los Aoceles ' •>89a
5i«0i» Port Cosu, Tricjr. Lathrop, Stockton 1Qi23a
Oioor MarHnct. Ankioeh, Stockton, M*r-
osd.X'nsno 1Si23>
•>«9r Hayward. Nllei and 8a» Josa....... 7iSSa
j«iO«r Vallejo.... ll>S9a>
•i«Wr Oriental M*ii«~O|<1en, Deutac.
Omaha, St. Lo-a, Ohloace «tS-_
7iO»r Oregou and Oailfornia _xpra*s,Ra*
rituionto. MarjuUIa. Itsdiilnc
PortUmt. I>itget Hound and Kaak «i33*
liMrStn Pablov Pork Co.ta. Martlnes ¦
and Way ateUona ll.a»«
t^to^r Vali«]« 7«aa|
COAST WNE (Sarroir »•«(•}.
(foot it Market Street). ,
¦•U»AN(M»ark,OOT*»t»UK«— »^<— ».r»ltoo. i
UfliildorOevk.UautaOiusaudWay *
HUtlouu »iS«»y
fSilSr Newark CeuterrUle. flan JomKh
Almadan, Felton, ISonIder Creak,
SauU Cms and l'rinaljal Wsy
Station* ,... !•¦<»•*
4il S p Newark. 8au JoasvLoaGatos t«tS«a>
tt.Sur Hunters' Train— San Josa and Way
Station* r?-»4>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma SAI miCISCO—r<ul «f lUrktt Strut (Slip S)—
ti:15 >:0O 11:00*. M. 1:00 1:09 • B:I3r._,
frtmOlIUIB— ruUIBmitt;.- fS:O« t«:00 13M
10:00 «.M. 12:00 l.Oq 4:09 r.M.
COAST LINE (»ros(Hl«n 5 8).
(thUJ m.d Townseini SU) ,
«:IOa Ban Josa and Way HtaUons.... ...... «>«•_
7:0Oa Aau Joseaml \V»y SUtlnns... t*'O«»
/7:«»«A Naw Almaden / -iiJaW
. SiOOa Coast Lino lU—ited — Baa Joss, • .
'-..¦ ! .-¦¦¦¦ QUn<y, Salinas, S_ i Lois Ob_pcv
8anU Barbara, Loa Angelas and
. principal Intermediate itationa.... 10>4asf
OiOOa Han Joae. Tiea l'lnoa. Haute «ru».
r*nlilc <iti»»e. balfa__ San Lois
Obispo ami Principal iiiterm«di»ta
Sutioiis 4:lts>
IOiSOa Sea Jcie »nd Wsy SUtJons. fti3«*
I 1i3«a Hun Joaa ami Way .Stations !>:-¦•_
4«i4Sp San Mateo. KatiwooJ. Monlo Park. .
l'alo Alto. Mauka Clara. San Joaa.
Trea Pinoa, S»nt» Crux, a-""—
Moutei-ay »>•¦! Pacific (JroTe |I«i4S_
•:3«rHaq J of a and Wsy Stations. I «:*<»»
t4tiai> Aan.liisean.l Prineir-I Way Station! 5i3tW
4tSOr Sansrt limited— Mondays, Wednes- :
ilnyn, ' vrid*y«. for Los Angalea, El
Pa*o New UrlesBS and Naw York.
Arrire* Hondays. Toeadays and
ThundsTS 10.13*
t3t00rSa» Joiw, Los Gates aod Prindpa) - v .
WaySUtiona
3i::«p SkiiJoau » ml I'riaofpftl Way Stations 6:."IO»
«i:iur.~>itH Joa«an<i \T»y .Statlous 7>1«»
.7:O«r Utrw Orlaass Eipre»« — 8an Lais
ObUpo, Santa. Barhara, IjOS An-
geles, D-mtag. El Paso, Vtw Or*
leans tnd Em : 7iM4
flli4SrS*n Jp»b .tn.l Way SUtlons 7i«f
A for Morning. 1 1' t or A ftemoon. -
t Sn tnSiiy ezcopted. I Monday only.
« Saturany only. /Tuesdays and Fridayti,
CillfOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. C8L
3 I__DSS_C__£3 ;._^:-^
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIfl-
RAILWAY COMPANY.'
Tiburon Ferry. Foot or Market SC
ban Fraaciaco *» Sma Ralaal.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:00, U:OO •.. m.; 13:35,
,8:30, 6:10, 8:30 p, m. . Thursdays— Extra
\rip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:U0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.. . - ' '. •:
t>ma !iaia.l to Saa FrancUca.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50, 0:20, .11:10 a. nv:
12:45 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40.,. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. ro. . . .
Lava ¦ I- In Effect I Arrlv«-
San Francisco. [Apr. 28, 1901 [ San Frandsca
Week I Sun- I. I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma, 8:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5 :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, 10:28am
5:00pm Healdsburg;, 10:40am
• .Lytton.
Geyservllle. . ~
3 *30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:28am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 8:20pm
7:30am| : . 10:40am 10:25am
; j 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
! 3:S0pm| 8 :00pm . . - 6:20pm
I 7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9 :15am 8:40am
! and
j 5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
I 7 -30am! 8:00aml - . |10:40am|10:25am
| 3 :30pm [ 5 :00pm [ Sabastopol. t 7 :35pm | 6:20pm,
> Stages connect at Santa Rosa -for Mark
. West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
• Fulton tor AJtruria; at Lytton 'for Lytton
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs • Springs ; at
i Cloverdala for the -Geysers; at Hopland » for
• Duncan Sprlnss. Highland Springs. Kelsay-
ville ' Carlsbad Springs.- Sod— > Bay.. - Lakeport
t-j-ud "Bartlett ¦ Springs; at Uklah •- for Vichy
Pbprings, • Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
! Dell Lake, Witter. Springs, Upper Lake Porno,
I Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Lieriey's.
Buckneirs. Sanhedrln Hefghts. Hullville, Orr"»
! ' Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllit*. Laytonville.' Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Oisen's,' Dyer,, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • • . . *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond ' San Rafael at half rates. - ¦ . -
'.», .Ticket, office, 650 -Market a treat. Chrontela
K. X. RTAJf,
Gen. Manager. Oen. Pass Aft.
and mother of -Tessie, .'Johnnie' 1 ; and '-'Aggie
Gobs, Mrs. ' William < Celestres. Mrs. J. Mc-
Mahon. and' Mrs. D. Murphy, a native of
. County Longford, , Ireland, aged 56 years.
GRAHAM— In .this city, January. 26, -1902,
. Thomas, beloved husband of the late "Mary
' Graham, ; father of Thomas ¦ F. and James
' Graham and Mrs. Frank . Gleason, :a native
of Ireland/aged 04 years.; .;;. ;
GRIBBLB— In this r city, ' January 26,' 1902,
¦ John B., beloved husband ' of Edith : Grlbble,
• and father of -William ;'A., ¦ Edgar- C. and
' Alonzo C. Grlbble, a- native r of Cornwall,
" England, aged 60 years 5 months and 21
days. - (Grass Valley papers please copy.) ;-.
ItyNotlce of funeral hereafter. . - "¦
JACKSON— In Oakland, at 758 Sixth street,
January 25, 1002, Silas, husband of Mrs.
¦ M. I*. Jackson, "a native of Virginia. ,v'. . - -
JAMES— In this city, January 26, 1902, Jennie
Li., beloved wife of Jefferson G. James, and
.mother of Walker C. James,, a native of Mis-
souri, aged 61 years and 19 days; ¦¦ . ¦
(ETThe funeral services -will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, , at her late
reslderce, 2139 Howard street, between
Seventeenth and Elshteenth streets. | Inter-
. ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from Eighteenth, and Guerrero
.streets. ' "
KELLY— In this city, January 25, 1902, Pat-
Tick J., beloved husband of Mary Kelly, a
native of the parish of Bermlngham, County
. Tipperary, Ireland, aged 56 years. •
. JET Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 60 Tehama street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem • high
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, ' commencing - at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross <|emetery. ¦
KINO— In this city, January 26, 1902, Elixa.
beloved wife of Alexander King, and mother
of John W., Alex, Jean, Jemima, Henry,
James, Jessie and Annie .King, , Mrs. P. H.
Wlssing,> Mrs. H. Brodle, Mrs. T. E. -Lud-
, tngton and Mrs. P. I Henkel, a native . of
Scotland, aged 5S years 6 months and 12
.days.
KRISKE— In a this city. January 24. 1902,
Ernst L. Kriske. dearly beloved husband r.f
Bertha Krlske. I father of Amelia and Wil-
liam Kriske. and- brother of Mrs, .W.
Scheefer and John and Paul ¦ Krlske, a na-
tive of Germany. . .-
(ETFrlends and acqunlntarices are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, • 142 Tremont avenue, thence to i Teu-
tonia Hall, 1322 Howard street, where ser-
vices will ba held under the auspices of the
Gesellschaft •Teutonia, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '¦
LEONARD— In - this city, January 26, 1902,
Bridget, beloved wife of ,the late Thomas
Leonard, and aunt of Bridget ¦ McDermott
and the late Mrs. Row n and Timothy and
Patrick McDermott, a native of the parish
• of Kllbagnat, 'County Galway, Ireland, aged
62' years. (Pennsylvania, Anaconda, Colo.,
and New York papers and the Irish World
please copy.) ¦ ¦ " - '¦':" '" • ' ,. . ¦
- (C7'Frlend3 an-3 acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from - her ¦' late
residence, 2633 Post street, t thence to St.
Dominic's Church." where . a' requiem high
,' mass will be I celebrated ; for the reDoss of
her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa.
Cemetery. ¦ ' • '- -'.'
LEWENBERG— In this city. January 26, 1902,
Rosa, beloved wife of Joseph I^wenbersr, a
native of Germany, aged C8 years 10 months
and 12 days. . . '; *
McDONALD— In this city, January 26, 1902,
Annie, beloved wife of Andrew McDonald,
and mother of James, Joseph, John, Wil-
liam, George, Andrew, Ella, Frances and
Rose McDonald and Mrs. Annie Kelleher, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
49 years 5 months and 11 days.
McINTYRE— In this city, January 26, 1902,
. Eutene, beloved son of Mary and the late
1 Patrick Mclntyre, a native of San Francisco.
MACHER— In this city, January .26, 1002,
Josephine E., beloved wife of John G.
Maclit-r, and beloved daughter of John and
L.'.'the Jate Louise Slmmen. and sister of Frank,
' Harry and Annie Slmmen, a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 20 years 10 months and 20
' days.
EiTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
. of Mr. John Simmen. 883 Caop -street, be-
tween Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth,
: thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cre-
mation.
MILLER— In South San Francisco, January
25, 1002, passed into life eternal. Genevieve
Reglna Miller, dearly beloved daughter of
Benjamin and Margaret Miller, and darling
sister of Stasla, Benjamin Jr., Bertie,
George, Rose and Ralph Miller, and grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs; Thomas Daly and
Mrs. Mary Miller of Sacramento, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and
25 days. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
, JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuetflay),' at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of hi»r parents, corner of Third avenue and'
I street south. South San Francisco, thence
-. to All Hallows'. Church for services, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • •
MOORE— In this city. January 25. 1002. John
P., dearly belovad son of Mary and the lat«?
John Moore, and lovins brother of Joseph,
James, Tom and Kate Moore, a native or
San Francisco, aged 23 years 10 months and
. 16 days. . ¦ ..:•',!
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
.- -fully,.. ln.vUed..to_attea4. the '. rsuulern. hlch
mass for - the repose ¦ of his- «>u4 to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, at St. Teresa's
¦ Church, Nineteenth and Tennessee streets,
Potrero.' Interment private. . Remains at th?
parlors of J. C. O'Connor &Co., 707 Mis-
sion street. . .
NEDDERMAN — In East Oakland, at 423 East
! Twelfth street, January 26, 1902. Bernard
Nedderman. father Mra. George Adams,
<i Mrs. William Peefc^Mrs. George Pountaln,
John H., Bernard^aild Julia Nedderman, a
native of Gcrmany.^aged 59 years 1 month
and 8 days. •• , p
OHM— In' Uklah. Cal., January 25, 1902,
Rudolph A., beloved husband, of Emma
Ohm, and father or Elsa and Rudolph Ohm,
son of Augusta and the late Edward Ohm,
end brother of Charles H. Ohm and Mrs.
Annie A. O'Connell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged .40 years and 11 months.
E5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), \?it 10:30 o'clock, f rom ' the resl-
Jence of his sister, Mrs. A, O'Connell, 509
Hyde street. - •
PETERSON — In San Lorenzo, Cal.. January
25, 1902, Mrs. Kirstln Peterson, wife of the
late Captain Jacob Peterson, beloved mother
of Mrs. Henry Marlln and James C. Peter-
. son, a native of Denmark, aged # (i3 years
and a days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resit
dence. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
POWELL— In this city, January .26, 1002,
Emma Irene, beloved daughter of Chrlsto-
. pher and Nellie - Powell, a ' native . of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 10 days.
REILLY — In this city, January. 24,- 1902, Wil-
liam J., beloved eon of the late William and
Bridget Reilly, and brother of Mrs. A. Twy-
ford, Mrs. M. Cunha and Mrs. IC. McAfee, a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 7
months and 20 days.. ¦ ' ;
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. A. Twyford, 122^ Ivy
avenue, . thence .to Sacred Heart Church,
where a renuiem high mass will . be cele-
brated for the repoaa of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery '
SELLOK-*i this , city, January 25, 1902,"
Samuel E. Sellon, ' a ' native of Canada, aged
• 63 -years. , ' ' ¦ * • :m"-kS :¦•
SIMMONS — In this- city," January 26, 1902.
Charles Simmons, beloved husband of Phoebe
L. Simmons, and father of Elizabeth A.
•Simmons, a native of Rhode Island, aged
83 years 10 months and 23 days. (Rhode
, Island papers please copy.) .
(C?"Friends and; acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30. o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the /Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2483 Mission street.. near Twenty-
first. ' " Interment /Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. Interment private.
WHITE— In ' this city, January 20, 1002, Ed-
ward ¦ Fenton -White, father of Edward. E.
White, eon of the late Fenton and ' Ann
White, i brother of George and John White
• and Mrs. James Burke, a native of Boston,
• MaM. ' ¦ - - ¦ ¦ -- ¦¦ . "•¦¦¦'..¦ . ¦
E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),, at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. JameB Burke. 3020
Twenty-second street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass. will
be celebrated for the repose of his eoul.-com-,
mencjng at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
' Cemetery. ' - ' ~* ¦ * '
HENRVJ. GALLAGHER. CO. :
(Successor to Flannajran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
H'j 20 Fifth st..'. opposite ., Lincoln School. *t
:. ? Telephone < South. 80.
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
• BAN BRUNO' HILLS. .
OFFICE 810 MARKET STREET.
. - : , J. HENDERSON, lUna'crr. '
} UNITED UNDERTAKERS!?
I 27 ana 29 Fifth St. Tel. South w 1
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. |
. ff Finest ; Equipment _at . Moderate R_te«. 1
! -'\ .;• .. .. . v •. ". ). : . . :;;¦ , \ ,.:
INCW FIKM^F.UiNDtirtTAKBRS.
Samuel McFadden,: 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.'J.";
. McBrearty, - with ; the ' same - company for 18
years; P. F. ¦ Green, late, with J. C. . O'Con-.
<nor & Co., .have opened new Funeral Par- i
lors at 1171' Mission' street, between Seventh'
r ; and Eighth. : Telephone South 44.. V , '
-- ' . TVlcsCS I N ivi '-BROS-', :¦ '.•"¦ •-..
FUNERAL . DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 226 McAllister St.- (For- 1
merly of .11--Eddy ft. -T»l. South 2X1.) '\THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, J ANUARY 27, 19Ua.
Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
>ru«iBts. COo flask. Richard & Co. MS Clay»" *
The case of Edward Furey, special of-
Iccr for the JUsdon Iron Works, charged
,vith assault to murder for firing a shot at
Peter -Callahan, a marine fireman, during
:he ; strike, was called In ' Judge : Dunne's
;ourf Saturday. Furey failed to appear
ind the Judge declared his cash ball. of
5500 forfeited, and "ordered a bench war
•ant issued for his arrest, v*. '••'-, :. .- ;."'.
Furey Has Disappeared.
Two men, who gave their names as
3eorge Kelly and Earl Dumont.'were ar
rested about 4 o'clock yesterday morning
an Grant avenue by Policeman Robl and
locked up in the tanks pending an inves
tigation. - They were trying to sell two
eold watches which are believed to have
been stolen. Robl had been informed that
a. soldier had a gold watch worth : $35
stolen from him, but he was unable to get
the soldier's name or. other particulars. ',;;
Arrestedon' Suspicion.
•The parishioners' of . St. Dominic's
Church gathered ' in force yesterday'aft
ernoon ; in;> Franklin ;. Hall : on '¦' Fillmore
street to give a formal . welcome , to the
Rev. Plus Murphy, superior of :the Order
of ' Preachers % on the I Pacific . Coast, ; who
returned last week", from, a-year> l visit
to;Rome 'and other places 1 of. 1 interest.
The- interest, of the freception was . avig
'mented • by the '* presentation of ,a ; purse
containing $3000 to Father \ Murphy, who,:
asr pastor ; of : St.'. Domlq|c's- Cnurch,- -;ia
well beloved by .his- flocK/ h . ¦
The: presentation speech was ..made by
Charles J. v neggerty, -V the chairman of
the committee appointed- from < the con
gregation which had' in charge* the rais
ing of the testimonial to Father,. Murphy.
The speaker, told of. the regard .in which
the clergyman is held by his parishioners,
who. desired > to express fittingly their
pleasure at having him back again to di
rect, them 'spiritually. ¦¦-".¦", -. '¦-¦• '-. , ¦-
In reply Father Murphy expressed his
deep gratitude for the kindness evinced
by his congregation, which, he said, was
not necessary, to- be' manifested in the
material way-', selected by- the | generous
donors.,- Father Murphy, then; briefly de
scribed ' his visit to the .Pope, ' with whom
he had an audience. .The' speaker also.re
counted his ? experiences in Ireland : and
other places, his trip having been taken
mainly . to , make the report to |the Pro
vincial of the; Order in Rome, .which, is
made 1 every, decade.' ,',:. '";;•-.,;• ,
"Previous to - .the: .presentation a pro
gramme 'Of musical and vocal numbers
was rendered, under the supervision of
the . sisters V of, St. i Rose's Academy, at.
Dominic's v military band,, under the di
rection of Father .Welch, ¦ played patriotic
airs. . . The programme follows ; .? * " : ,
"Home >Again, ".- St. ¦•• > Doniinic's Military
Band; welcome- chorus, . St. 1 Dominic's .Junior
Choir; "Boy Blue" ¦ (Eugene Field).- junior pu
pils' of ; St.-. Rose .Academy; : '."Ship .of., State *
(Longfellow); ' * Intermediate," pupils; ,; spelling
match, primary pupils; "Rock of Ages, senior
pupils; address of welcome. C.J. Heggerty;
BelcoUon.;band, ;. ' ; ; , .. .¦¦>:¦
To the exceptionally Inclement weather
of the last few days was doubtless clue the
very meager attendance both at -Golden'
Gate Park and the ocean beach -yester
day. Seldom has the attendance been' so
small at those resorts, always .so. much
favored by pedestrians and , drivers. Yet
had the people but known that - the sun
was shedding. Its warm smiles along; the
ocean drive and that the .wind was not
as strong there as through the city streets
there would have . been ,the ¦] usual ' big
throng. -. ¦'¦'.: ¦ V V
The quiet of the afternoon was relieved
by the excitement on ; a run-'
away, . which, however, >. was stopped, be
fore any serious results happened by Of
ficer J. H. Cavanagh. Then: there was a
flutter of disturbance at the beach .when
two young men having a grievance to set
tle decided to draw conclusions on the
sand dunes. They faced each other.wlth
a stern determination to fight It out to a
finish, and kept a crowd Interested for
some minutes, indeed, until one. of the
combatants was "put out of business." A
cry of "Police" served to disperse the on
lookers and scare away the participants.
A district rally 1 of the ¦ League of the
Cross was held yesterday afternoon at 2
o'clock in. Mission Parlor^ Hall; on Seven
teenth'street, near Valencia. The rally
was held for the purpose of makingr'prep*
arations.for.the annual renewal of pledges,
which takes place in St. . Mary's Cathe
dral on February 9." ; At the. meeting large
delegations' of junior members from Mis
sion Dolores, St. Charles, St. Joseph and
St. «Teresa : parishes were in attendance,
as ' were also Companies B and L of the
cadets. • A large : representation- of the
parents of the cadets was also present
An entertaining programme was ren
dered, , and Rev. . Father Philip ¦ O'Ryan
spoke a few words of advice and encour
agement to the junior members and to the
young temperance soldiers.' Following the
meeting the cadets gave a, practice drill
on Seventeenth street.
LEAGUE , CADETS HOLD
' RALLY IN THE MISSION"
The singing of "Onward.' Christian Sol
dier," by the audience and benediction
brought the, meeting to a close.
the new building: committee and who has
done much for the association, was called
upon to speak. Balfour was absent in
Europe for eight years and only recently
returned. He warmly congratulated the
management upon the ; splendid progress
made in the last few years, and expressed
his belief that the public would see to It
that the building would be dedicated to
the / young men of -San Francisco next
year free from debt. The speaker was
warmly applauded at the close of his re
marks, when Secretary McCoy announced
that the firm of which Balfour is a mem
ber had subscribed. more than 530,000 to the
association. , '...:¦• ¦
SCENE'. AT ",THE FORTY-NINTH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION OF
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.. AND SPEAKERS WHO
ADDRESSED THE AUDIENCE THAT FILLED THE AUDITORIUM.
PRESENT PASTOR
WITH FAT PURSE
WEATHER KEEPS PEOPI/E : . . *
FROM VENTURING OUT
pA«dHE forty-ninth anniversary of the
I founding of the Young Men's
1 Christian Association in San Fran-
II Cisco was celebrated with fitting
exercises at the auditorium in the
Association building yesterday, afternoon.
A large audience was in attendance, and
on the platform ' were members of .'- the
various committees of the association, to
gether with those who participated in the
programme. Edward Coleman presided.
After the singing of "Throw -Out the
Life Line" and prayer by Rev. Frederick
W. Clampett. rector of Trinity^ Church,
Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the First
Congregational Church, delivered an ad
dress. ' ' \ <
In his opening he referred the
Valley of the Cleft of the Mount of Olives
and likened it unto God's way of- doing
the seemingly; impossible for those who
love and obey him. In his inscrutable
wisdom the salvation of nations, as well
as Individuals, is worked out in mysteri
ous ways. The speaker alluded to the dif
ficulties that beset the path of. George
Washington in the .dark days following
the revolution, a period in which.every
thing he did or sought to do was opposed
by a bitter minority in Congress. It was
in this way that the great character of
Washington was sweetened, and it was
this which subsequently made . him the
idol of a grateful nation. Then, referring
to the association, the speaker said: -
The work of the Toungr Men's Christian As
sociation in this city has been strenuous. _ It
tvlll find the cleft in the mount and: within
1 year we will all have cause to rejoice. It
s part of the association work to suffer •some-
Limes under the galling yoke of a heavy debt.
[t is the makine of character to suffer. ' It
srinss out all there is in man; it strengthens,
he soul and purifies it. But the- best, thing
ibout the association • is the young men, the
nanhood the strong staunch fellows who want
to live right, i While developing their muscles
in the gymnasium t they , are • building up .- a
ChriBtian character that will endure so long as
life- lasts. ; The association has been, the makv
Ing of many a young.'; man, . and. It will con
tinue to. make good men as long as this mag.
nlflcent buildingi endures.
Secretary H.< J. McCoy a - brief
statement, in .which he said the member-,
ship of the association numbered 1830. He
called attention. to the fact that there was
a debt of $79,000 on the building, and- that
it was the crowning effort of- his career to.
wipe out the indebtedness during the com
ing twelve months. '¦ \ He asked' all to as
sist in the work. The speaker then made
the usual announcements of -thie- Sunday
meetings for February, --at - ¦which ¦ Dr.
Clampett will make the addresses. ..:
; Robert Balfour,; who was chairmanof
Auditorium, the Occasion Being the Forty-Ninth Celebration
of the Founding of the Noble Organization in ¦ San Francisco
Rev. George .0. Adams Addresses ., Large Gathering; at Association
CHRISTIAN YOUNG MEN HOLD
THEIR ANNIVERSARY SERVICE
10
IT UinUT QH llUn nnn To talk about Straw Hats this time of year,
// MIUHI bUUNU UUU but Qur new spring £tylesin children's Sailor
Straws, and in the yacht shapes, in fact all the pretty novelties for spring, are
in. We're showing 'em. We're always ahead of 'em all. . „ ."...-;
432 Pins 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets, Oakland
60LDBZK9. BO WIN ft CO'S SPECIAL 81709 S1LI
F r e n c"h knife
4 inch blade— special offer— T nn
regMy 20c I0C
Co log n c
Johann— Maria Farina— A - rr^
reg'ly 55c bottle 45 c
Den t i f r i c e
Pinaud— good for the teeth -, r c
and gums— reg'ly 40c bottle ( ' Jj
To ilet soap
White clematis— Colgate— 20c
reg'ly 25c box of 3 cakes
W h i s k y
McBrayer— Cedar Brook— $1 1 5
] $1 50 bottIe-^-J6 galion 4 50
Rye whisky
Gibson— reg'ly $1 4ofull quart sj V V- :
bottle 3* 1 l S .
Brandy
California— pure— 75c
reg'ly $1 bottle-$4 gallon $3
French cognac
Very old— reliable — 3 star— (it 9rt
reg'ly $1 50 bottle ? iZO
V erm o u t h
French or Italian— reg'ly 60c bot—
slightly bitter white wine— S oc
5 ch i e d a m g i n
Introductory sale— finest Holland * : T : lf.
gin-reg'ly $1 50-Iong stone jug & 1 2 5
A few more prices
California walnuts 2 lbs 254
Eastern hickory nuts 1; • lb 10c
Muscades dates box 25c
Honey dew jams— 1 lb can 10c
Acme shoe polish bottle 10c
Listerine large size bottle 65c '
Specials This Week
On MONDAY, January 27th, we will place on
sale tlie following lines of ¦" goods,- all of which
will be found EXTRAORDINARY yALDES,
18 pieces 54 and 56 INCH EXTRA HEAVY WEIGHT
BLACK ENGLISH CHEVIOT, suitable for Walking Skirts •
and Outing suits. Price to close
SLOO Yard.
One case (20 pieces) 37-INCH ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN
CHEVIOT, in mixed colors, such as Grans, Browns, Tans,
Blues and Red. These are new goods and will ha sold at
SOc Yard.
75' FRENCH AND ENGLISH IMPORTED DRESS PAT-
TERNS, These are all wool and silk and wool, hoth
figured and- striped effects. PrlGes were $12.00 and '
$15.00 each. Price to- close
S6.OO Pattern.
18 pieces GENUINE AMAZON CLOTH, In all the principal
shades— Navus, Reds, Browns, Grans, Tans, also Black.
The goods ai£ full 50 inches wide. PrlGe
Sl.OO Yard.
3 cases full size MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, satin
finish, Yern handsome designs and hemmed readn for
use. Then are In Plain White, Pink and White and
Blue and White, and this lot will he sold' at
SI. SO Each.
125 pieces PRINTED PARIS WAIST CLOTHS, In a good
Yarietu of designs. These ape the goods we haYe sold all
this season at 12sG per nard. This lot at
. 8ic Yard.
All Remnants Of COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS
from H uards to 7 nards in length placed on our center
counters and marked at Yerg low prlcas.
III, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
feeflYCi$li iH8B
rr»HIS WELL-KNOW77 AND RKLIABLK OLD
JL Specialist eto-ftiBIood Poison, OonorrhoB»,Gleet.
STricturp. Uriulnal Weakness. Impotence »nd tbetr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
Gv*ra>Teara>xper1ence.Tenn* reasonable. Hours,
9to3dally;«:30to8.30eT'g9. Sandnys. 10 to K. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confldential. Call oraddxesa
P. jROHCOR MeXCLTY, M. D.
26!^ Kearny St.. Man Francisco, Cal.
DR.MCNULTY.
i^^J THE PURE. V_#
; s GRAIN COFFEE
Grain-0 is not a stimulant, like
y@j coffee. It is a tonic and its effects *
'are permanent. ; ¦". - r
'. ; ' _A successful substitute for coffee
because it has the coffee flavor that
_ everybody likes. ;•
. Lots of 'coffee substitutes In the
, . market, but only, one food drink—
Grain-O^'r,. ;
: AIlBrocers; 15c. and 55c
VhiB signature la on every box of the genuine
Laxative Brorao=Quinine Tablet*
ton* rem»djr that cares a cold in one <Ugb
ADVERTISEMENTS,
80LDB 2Ra, B0 WIN ft CO'S SPECIAL S1VI5S S1LS
BDWEN
XGO
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Picture
' (six by nine inches on heavy cardboard)
of the late President
McKinley
taken during his visit to San Francisco,
given away to each adult visitor at our
stores to-day
He was born Wednesday, January
29th, 1843
H am s
' Finest eastern—reg'ly 16c lb 1 4c
Tea
Mandarin nectar — "Bee" brand j-qC
Ceylon— reg'ly 60c lb- '
P as ha co f f c e
Several good flavors in one
blend-pure-roast or ground-2 lbs $$C
reg'ly 35c Ib
Baby pirn- Ol as
Little olives stuffed with «? r Qr » oc
pimientos— reg'ly 20c bottle^ " ¦>
I m p or ted figs
Symma lavers— T rr onr
reg'ly 2OM5db C 20C
,M a c e do in e
French mixed vegetables— . 2OC
reg'ly 25c can
S a r din e s
French—choice quality— r r - er
reg'ly 2oc-large can 2 ior 35c
G 00 s e live r 1
Teyssonneau-puree de foies gras « oc
for dainty sandwiches-reg'ly 25c can
F re n c h oil
Finest quality— bottled in 4OC
Bordeaux— regMy. pints 50c— . T.-r
., full quarts $1 full quart 75 C
Holland herring
Allmilchner— 7 for 25c '
A spa r a g u s
< Bouldln Island— Hickmott — Tips IOC
reg'ly 10C-20C can Sunbeam 1 for 35c
Corn Succotash
Sea Foam— finest quality— 2 for 1 CC
packed in Maine— , - ;
Kg'ly 1 5C-S1 65 doz aoz $ I 40
F a r d da t e s
Choicest black variety— I oc
reg iy i2>4c id .
Ginger
"Crystallized— Tnr
re^ly 15c— Klbcaaj -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fi' ll Not Onlv ¦¦•/¦ ;: - M
1 i 1 o^vcil oiiixs ; n
j^ I In the New 1932 Smart Colorings, wfj
8 i but in fabrics that'll uea t- "like iron— and suits that you'd- jjjji
« at any time be willing to pay $5 for, and they're worth it, fa
j|i»' ' everj' cent of it. You know the sort of suits that are built
j|g! ( right, that are built smart, that the smart chaps like. Not " ||
TCij those cheap, ordinary' looking suits, but suits right up to m
! the minute in point of fashion. x . , w]I\
Offers cverythtag connected .
I with the care It the eye.
Factory on premises. Quick
repairing. Oculists prescriptions
.filled, rhone Main 10.
©642 MarketSt.^
0VNcnl
t5 PRJNG I III . I M.
H v»»o »¦?. x - ' ,%i '. >: .
I New Sailors in Port ! j
I A BUNCH OF SPRING SAILORS I
1 Just arrived — the new 1902 ideas in make and trimmings — 1
a cute ideas, smart conceptions. New. method of trimmings. < 1 .'
¦;?m* : YOKED IN FEONTAKD BACK. BEAiUTIFUI,LY 1
f f^ In fine serge fabrics; every seam in the blouse and- ' I
¦ trousers reinforced and taped: in the following shades: ; : ••¦¦.%'
a Golf Red* Royal Blue, Olive- Cronz~, Li^ht Tan, Navy %
m Blue, the New Bright €prin£ Shades. ' • \
I Silk Lanyard and Whistle with every suit. Ages 2^2 to 10 I \
f years. Actual $7.50 Sailors. , 1 %
I Specialiy G£ 'V Q BE
I .-Priced -at" .?PO.yp- ..
I r Kearny »Streetr and '¦£££&. I
\^^^ £_ Union 6quare Avenue V I
ADVERTISEMENTS.