. PRINCIPALS IN EARLY; MORNING . :
: '•;: SHOOTING VAND j- CROQKS ;• WHO -i
: ¦;':• RECEIVED HEAVY SENTENCES. V
.i Continued **on- Page V Two.
:- ¦" , ; - ¦'>¦•¦ ¦¦ :••''¦¦'¦'¦; " ."" ¦-' °y,\ >-,
Continued on 1 Page ' Two. ;
r Continued on Page Two.
; ATHENS, Jan. 24.— Investigation of the
report that an attempt- had been mada
upon the life. of King George of Greece In
the park at Phaleron proves it to bt»
%-holly without foundaUoa. "
VIENNA. Jan. 24-Tlie Neue Frcle Preasj
to-day prints an unconfirmed stcry :of an
attempt to assassinate King. George of
Greece. According to this report, his
Majesty was walking in the park at Pha
leron when a man, 'brandishing a knife,
rushed upon. him. A park inspector
jumped 'between them and received a
stab, intended for the King. The would
be assassin was arrested.
in' Danger, but It Is
Denied.
Report Says George of Greece Was
A&SASSIN MAY HAVE
ATTEMPTED KING'S LIPS
. "The "three 'of us remarked . that he
, looked and acted line a crook, and •. prob-*
ably came up to size us up. We stepped
out of sight in order to watch his actions.!
He scuffled i along as ,: far . as - Lafayette*
street, turned ; into this street arid dlsap- J
peared. I was under the impression, that ;
he would come back again, thinking; that
we had disappeared. In company with
one of the men I. was talking to, 'we .went,
to the corner of Eleventh and. Minna'
"streets with the intention* of standing hlrii'
up if he should_ come back." ; He did} not
come back. I then:, walked from Minna'
street to Lafayette : arid: at the corner. "of
Misainri • ajid Lafayette streets .1 ; asked a
"About 2 o'clock this morning I arrived
at the corner of Eleventh and ; Mission
streets. I heard some whistle' calls Jn a
low tone,' such as men give ¦ in • signaling
each other. I stood at' the » grocery- store
at the southwest yorner , of Eleventh arid
Mission, talking to the proprietor, of the
etore and' another young man. Just ..be
fore I arrived at the above corner I met a
young man going out "Mission street-be-'
tween Eleventh and Thirteenth answering
the description of the man found dead on
Seventeenth -street above Valencia this
morning. While I was. talking to the men
at the above grocery "store " : a young man'
came along dressed in a light gray suit
and a white cowboy hat, . and . I think he
had a sweater* on. ¦ .
Crackbon's Statement.
j His story, of the shooting Is ; told in the
following statement made to Chief Witt
man yesterday morning: ¦•'. -¦¦.. .
an early hour ': yesterday . morn-'
ing. The officer justifies his act by swear
ing that h©; believed Pedro. was a footpad )
and further says he did. not shoot to. kill;
but to stop the teamster, who was run
ning away'from him. •¦ • : - V- •¦' " ¦ i
recently arrived from Napa, at
y^A TROLMAN JOSE PH A.'
H icRACKBON of the local Police;
B"^^ Department shot . and . killed Jos-
H_ eph S. Tedro, a • teamster , who]
Policeman Joseph A. Crackbon
tibnally Kills; Josejph Pedro. , . ; , -/
baker if he saw. a. man .go down -Lafayette)
street, and he said. he saw. a man go downj
Lafayette street aii'd turn-down '.the" south
side^of; Mission-street toward Twelfth. " i
Acted ; Suspiciously;
.'>"I then' went quickly up ,to Mission ; and
out -Mission and at Thirteenth ' and Mis-|
slon ¦ he : crossed; from ¦ the c ; south v side •* of .
Mission to the southwest' corner, of Thlr-]
teenth • arid \ Mission. • I" watched :hlm"*' and 1
saw him 'lingering -along f Mission^, street
. toward Fourteenth. I .lingered > on ¦ Mis-'
sion, between Thirteenth arid ; Fourteenth ,'
and saw;him- turn •* up "'.Fourteenth' street
toward I'^rari.;tb the. corner 'of
Fourteenth! and Mission! and "followed; .up*
Fourteenth street after ;.him ; arid; called to
him to' halt. He halted*;and I told ; him' I,
was; a police, officer 'and. showed 'hlin;^niy[
star." • I pulled my. pistol |.qut'. with 1 my. right
hand and ; searched ..\ around .' his ':'¦; clothes
with my left hand. . I did riot find anypisi
tor on him.' I, waiked him* back to Mission 1
street and out'Miasion as:fa*r as Sixteenth,'
questioning. hini- on the ...wayi'v He' told' me
hlsnanie 'was Jones, tliatVs he /• lived '¦'¦> on
Sixth _and Minna and that. he%wbrked for
.the Great Eastern Dairy, : Sixteenth arid
Guerrero, arid : was'goihg" ; to'.'w6rk. i ¦'
"I.askeed. hlmiwhat made ¦ hini" act " in'
such a suspicious ; way,y dodging ; in : arid ;
out of small streets ; he said ¦ he 'was 'walk
ing in' his .sleep-and hardly knew- where
he was going. - ; I told him) to" go ; to - work'
arid not be acting like that\ again', -as she'
was liable ' to ¦ get" into trouble. 7 He , tlhen'
left' me, 1 saying : he' would; go r to^'work, , arid;
started ; up Sixteenth'^street? "I itheh"
crossed ;over; to .'the:'; southwest "corner.' of
Sixteenth ; and :' Mission "and 1 -' noticed' ;a
ypun'&2' man 'standing',' around^attpVlen's
furniture' store,' northeast 'corner of Six-'
teenth' and-MIssion. "I- g6t;in.'a" dark cor-'
ner ' arid ; watched ' him.'-' "He iV- then ' came'
across and /walked up the] northV side 'bf-
Sixteenth to Julian 'avenue arid- crosled
over: toV-Hoff ; avenue {,. and v'cam'e-; back
¦':'. The ', prisoner, itook '¦ his \ sentence coolly/
the only remark he made being, "That is
an ''awful' ; dose /.'and - 1 haven't ':* had:m'y
! breakfast yet.'' - Wood is" said . to , belong
to " a family. 1 . In .Texas. ; % Whlie -a
soldier in; the/Philippines he '.was, accused
of deserting^ his post "and robbing Filipinos
: In-, passing sentence ' Judge Cook said
that robbery, was too prevalent in the city,
and that any one who -was brought before
him, on that charge ;and; convicted would
receive the" full penalty, particularly when
tthe prisoner used a deadly, weapon in the
execution -. of : the V crime, ' as .was • done . In
the -case before.: him. "When > a .prisoner,
\ pleaded" guilty;, be . said, 'arid threw him
self upon the clemency of the'eourt, there
by saving considerable expense to.che city
'and 'county/. he .would probably show him
'soine^ leniency. : --i '
;V;Wood placed .a. revolver to the head of
his and no ; doubt would.have taken '
;hls. lifeif .he had;not grappled -with' him
and'! prevented; *him from, tiring ; till the
offl,cers appeared. ; •¦';'-.• .:. - . ; .. -
. John- H. Wood,'- a former, soldier, was
convicted by a jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday .on {a', charge of ¦ robbery. ' He
waived time for sentence and was prompt
ly"; sentenced; to* toprisonment' for' life in'
Folso'm penitentiary.' >. '¦''¦*¦¦': .'¦'->',
;it is i hoped that this. ."liberal" dispensing
of justice jwill have a' salutary r effect upon 1
the | criminals who * have ' flocked jj here : to
spend : the^wftiter.^.The^ Judges i , have de
cided to heavily: punish all '.convicted fel-.
ons and . ; light "sentences will in the future
be^ rarities. ;-';;: .-. ! :^. / . ;V J '. \.\
, \, V Goes /'to- Prison* for Life.' . ~
v . i^withj convicted, felons^ as - they
did. "yesterday /with those who' ap
peared , for;, sentence. -A former' sol
dier, cpnvlcted of robbery, was sent to San
Quehtin :for ( i:llfe,-vand a thug, who 'was
driven from .Portland,'- Of. ; by ¦ the~ police
and who . was" caught . here, after the com
mission of, a hold-up was sent to
the ; penitentiary;" for : twenty-seven .years. ,
Another : thief '67* years of age,; who. has
already * spent ; twenty years . behind, the
bars, -was,- sent -across the bay" for' ten
years: for 'purse- snatching-, i • ¦ v . ~ v .;' ' ;
»v^HE criminal", element will -soon
. ¦ •¦'¦; H ,^ 'find , It';"adyisable to give SaV
I .Francisco 'a*: wide' berth i if the;
H Judges v .of ' the Superior * courts.
•^L .continue :to ' deal*, as heavily
Stern Justice Falls
Heavily on
Robbers
. "The police force is simply not adequate
in ": numbers i under existing conditions.
The charter^ permits the increase ; of ' the
force up to -the limit -of one. policeman to
; every- 500. of 'population. From all the
data. I 'can collect I believe the city's*
population is very, close Uo 400,000. . The
last census was taken In June, when fully
20,000 people were out of -the city, and the
population was found to be 342,782." Tak
ing -into .consideration San •'.". Francisco's
growth 'since the of the census, I
am' ( convinced "that the true* total of popu
lation is . not far . from the .400,000 mark.
That leaves our/police force of 483 men.
far 'below the; limit fixedjby thecharter,
whereas; in view of our; geographical lo
cation and other conditions • there , is every
reason ; why ¦ we should have a '* force as
large' as 7 can' legally, be s maintained.
.-¦"However,- the force cannot be increased
"It is'riot fair to us toS compare San
Francisco with inland cities of an equal
population. This-; is r aVcosmopolltan city,
very cosmopolitan*. ¦ Not even '; New York
can compare with us in that respect. We
have. Malays, "Hindoos, Chinese ami all
sorts of peoples to deal .with, and with all
the conditions . existing'., here crime must
be expected and guarded against as care
fully as;' possible. :>, ' .
"We have.a^large city, a garrison town
filled ; with recruits . and - discharged sol
diers,- a' seaport that draws to ' it men of
all races and from all parts' of world
and with, them come the /offscourings,
the scum of all stages and kinds of civili
zations. . All these facts imist"be taken
into account in' considering the causes for
the , present' frequency of crime.
' < Wittjnan, 1 ; Discusses Conditions.
.Chief of 'Police,. Wittman, -in discussing
the - situation, and : the \ possible ; remedies,
yesterday said: ' . ! -."""¦- -.-.. • >
I ; Commissioner Hutton- expressed h!s in
tention of investigating to learn whether
or not a surplus exists in* any fund that
might ; be transferred -to the police fund
and used 7 to provide for" a temporary in
crease of -the police force. Except by this
means ' or a^ draft. upon the^speclal emer
gency fund*: the police' force, ' admittedly
Inadequate in \ numbers, . cannot be In
creased- until the beginning j of the next
fiscal year— July 1. * ; :?
.^Police - Commissioners Newhall and
Hu£tori both favor strongly the terroriza
tionlof criminals by the round-up meth
ods. ; In interviews: yesterday, they said
they believed thoroughly' in '-such pro
cedure. -..'V
(¦-.••; '•'¦. '-. that ' form 'of law-breaking. , A
possible temporary increase .of, the police
force, a round-up ! of the criminal element
Vy/rneans of arrests of crooks
on 5 suspicion and" on 'trivial charges that
will serve to. keep them hunting cover
until ithey .will be glad' to get out of the
city, '¦ arid the 'infliction by the courts of
• xtreme sentences upon convicted foot
pads are. methods that have their advo
cates among those in' authority.
«^ 'OLICK Commissioners and po-
B • J» 1!^ e offlcers are ¦ considering
' M ' '^^ methods to- meet the alarming
Ej . .increase of, highway.- robbery
•~-\ '[:';.' and- crimes associated . with
Crusade Against
Criminals in
Favor
$ Senator Morgan sent to all "members of
the Senate Interoceanic Canal Committee
to-day the draft of a report that he has
made supporting- the Nicaragua canal bill.
Senator* Hanna will draw, a minority re
port arid there; will be a lively time at
the next meeting of the committee. Sen
ator Hanna said to-day that there was
not^much prospect of the Panama route
prevailing in the committee. Several of
the' Senators who are wedded to the Nica
rauga route are very bitter against, the
French offer. Senator t Hawley of Con
necticut, who is a member of the com
mittee,-says that the Panama canal is
simply, carrion from the bones of which
the crows nave picked all the flesh.*
But what the President does not want
to see is a deadlock between Panama and
Nicaragua. He knows that there are cer
tain' influences at work to brine about
sufch a result. He hopes that they will
be defeated. He will do nothing that can
be construed Into taking sides with either
faction and his influence will be in the
direction of action not delay.
The President does not think Congress
ought to throw the selection of the route
on him. He would doubtless meet the re
sponsibility if he had to, but he believes
that the selection of the route is some-,
thing that belongs to Congress. At the
same time those who havf an opportunity
of talking with the President on this sub
ject are. convinced .that the . desire of
Roosevelt for canal action is so genuine
that he would take the burden of ffxing
the route if he could not get legislation
otherwise. . •
Hence he is not a "Panama man" in
the sense that Senator Depew is. His po
sition is that if it cannot be Panama it
must be Nicaragua. He has no sympathy
with extremists, who on one side are for
Nicaragua or nothing, and 'on the other
for Panama or nothing. So eager is he
for the beginning of work that he would
welcome a bill for a route that he does
not consider the best rather than have
the matter "thrown over to a. future ses
sion of Congress. He takes this position
because he thinks that on both routes a
canal can be constructed and operated
within the limits of the estimates, and
if . prejudice against Panama should be
insurmountable he does not want that
fact to stand in the way of the United
States going ahead with this great 'work
by way of Nicaragua.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, CALL.* BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— President
Roosevelt has been asked to take sides In
the struggle in Congress over the route
for the proposed isthmian canal. He la
not likely to do so,' but^ his position on
this question can be accurately stated be
cause he has made It clear In conversa
tions with Senators and others. The Pres
ident earnestly hopes for canal legisla
tion. He does not want Congress to ad
journ without passing a bill authorizing
the beginning of work. He thinks the
time has come when the first step should
be taken and that there - Is no call for
further delay and examination. He has
his own ideas as to the best route and
unquestionably thinks that Panama offers
the best _ advantage. — At . the_ same, time
her understands the anxiety of ,a ma-
JorJty..of $he interoceanic canal commit-,
tee lest -the Panama offer should, when
too late, be discovered to be Inadequate
to complete the transfer of the property
and rights, and is not disposed to find.,
fault with their position knowing it arises
from honest . zeal in the cause of pro
moting: 1 a canal. .
Roosevelt Would Circumvent Influ
ences That "Will Strive to Cause
a Deadlock on Needed
Legislation.
Position as to Route Is, if It
Cannot Be Panama It Must
Be Nicaragua.
Desires Action During
the Present Session
Jj? ; of Congress.
PRESIDENT
IS ANXIOUS
FOR CANAL
CAPTURE OF ROBINSON'S MURDERERS IS IMMINENT
Murderers Make
Sensational
Escape.
TWENTY-ONE
MEN MEET AN
AWFUL DEATH
THE police have at last found a
live clew to the wherabouts of
"Ki<|" Goucher and "Brownie,"
who were implicated with Jack
Wade, alias Henderson, in the
brutal murder of Policeman Robinson.
It was definitely settled yesterday, that
the two criminals succeeded in . making
good their escape from the city last
Wednesday afternoon on the Sunset Lim
ited train, which leaves Third and Town
send streets at 4:50 n. m.
Chief Wittman and Captain Seymour re
ceived this information yesterday after
noon and until late last night they kept
the wires hot with dispatches to the au-
Explosion in a Coal Mine
Causes a Harvest of
Destruction.
Victims of the Disaster Are
Burned and Mutilated by
the Flames.
Debris Hurled in a Column Two Hun
dred Feet High, Top Works
Cages Wrecked.
BIotstl Away and Fans and
OSKALOOSA, Iowa, Jan. 24.— The Lost
Creek coal mine was the scene to-day of
a terrible disaster, which cost the lives of
twenty-one miners. K Eight others were
seriously injured. The bodies of the dead
men were recovered from the mine, and
lie to-night in an improvised morgue near
the scene of their destruction. The in
jured, all of whom are frightfully cut and
bruised and burned, are under the care of
surgeons in a temporary hospital equipped
near the mine.
Victims of the Disaster.
The dead:
JOE GASPERS.
FRANK GASPERS.
JIM STOHAL.
SYLVESTER CREIGHTON.
- JOE BERTO.
ANTDY PASH.
FRANK SECRESS.
'JOHN MARTIN. -
JOHN BIROS.
JAKE HRAHA.
JACK MANLEY.
MCKE COX JR.
MIKE COX SR.
BOONE FISH.
RCSS FISH.
A. B. CREWS.
JACK ELDER.
DAVE WALTER.
SAM HUMPHREY.
JIM HUMPHREY.
ALEX GRAY.
The injured: Ed Becress, Ed Swanson,
Jonas Liable, Oliver Mabie, John Jenkins,
William Harvey, George Gogo, Harry
Derrock.
Burned and Mutilated. '
The Lost Creek mine Is ten miles south
east of Oskaloosa and three miles north of
Eddyvllle. The explosion occurred at the
noon hour and was what is known s as a
dust explosion. The miners had just fired
their usual noon shots, one of which
proved to be a fizzle, the powder flame ig
niting the gas and causing the explosion.
Emoke and debris were blown out of the
mine In a column 200 feet high. A part of
the top works was torn away and the fans
and the cages were wrecked. This made
the work of rescue very slow, and it was
S o'clock before volunteer parties dared to
venture Into the east entry, where the ex
plosion occurred. The men of the rescue
party fought their way into the mine,
¦wbere a -shocking sight met their gaze.
The dead and injured were terribly burned
and mutilated, some of them almost be
yond recognition. Beyond where the
bodies lay the fire was burning fiercely
and for a time It was feared that the
workings would be wholly destroyed and
the bodies Incinerated.
Flames Subdued, Bodies Carried Out.
Finally, however, the flames were sub
dued. The bodies were then collected and
carried to the top of the shaft.
At the time of the explosion more than
100 men were in the mine, but all except
those who were in the east entry escaped
with only slight injury.
The' total property damage will be about
$10,000. :/./.
It was nearly 6 o'clock this evening
when the last of the dead was taken out,
and the scenes of anguish among the fam
ilies of the •victims were most pitiful.
Nearly all of the men were married and
leave families in poor circumstances. % !
thorities of all the southern towns in the
hope of Intercepting the fugitives.
In making their escape from the city
"Kid" Goucher and "Brownie" secreted
themselves on the stairs under the trap
door located in each end of a Pullman
car and with their bodies doubled up like
jackknives they rode safely out of the
reach of the detectives who have striven
vainly to hunt' them down.
It was a, bold scheme. Nobody but a
fugitive from Justice, • driven to the last
peg of sheer desperation, would attempt
such a ride. The limited train upon which
the murderers made, their escape did not
make a single stop until it reached San
Jose, so the men have at least put fifty
miles or more between them and.. the
scene , of their terrible crime.
Switchman Identified Them.
About 3:45 o'clock Wednesday afternoon
one of the switchmen at Fifth and Town
send streets noticed a pair of hard-look-,
ing characters skulking, around the rail
road tracks. He paid little attention to
them at first, until one- of the 'men ac- !
costed him and asked him If he thought
himself and his, partner could catch the
Sunset limited as it sped by Fifth street
on Its way out. The switchman eyed the
pair keenly and then informed them that
they had better not try to . board the
train as it passed Fifth street, because
at that point the -limited fairly flew along
the track. "If you are good railroad
men," . said the switchman, "you 'might
make it, but if you don't know the game
you had better not try."
The switchman took particular pains to
notice the general make-up of the two
men, because It was an unusual question
they had asked. The two criminals an
swered the description, of "Kid" Goucher
and "Brownie" in every detail. They .were
attired in" the same clothes they wore on
the night they murdered Robinson, except
that both had . discarded their overcoats.
After leaving- the .switchman the men
whom the police ,' are convinced are
Goucher and "Brownie" walked over be
hind the freight sheds. They wore a
hunted look and shifted their eyes up and
down the yard as they walked, toward
the sheds. When the limited pulled out of
the depot the yardmaster saw both , of
them on the steps under the trap door.
The smaller man, Goucher, was on the
front step and the man -who answers the
description of "Brownie" was doubled'up
under the trap at the rear end of the Pull
man. - • - • ¦ v ?-' -• • ' ¦ :
The accurate descriptions given by both
the yardmaster and the switchman, ' who
had quite a conversation with the pair,
and the fact that they, took, such an un
comfortable and desperate method of
stealing a ride have brought Captain Sey"
mour and his men tp the .conclusion that
the much wanted pair are. now speeding
toward Mexico. The Sunset Limited goed
through El Paso, Texas,! and from .there
it -would be an easy matter fortheimur
derers to get over the Mexican border.
As soon as. Captain Seymour received
the "tip" that two men had skipped out
on the Wednesday afternoon limited train
to the south he detailed Detectives Wren
and Dinan to go at once to the' depot "and
Detectives on Their Trail.
POPE LEO IS AILING .^; r
A2TD KEEPS TO HIS BED
Sis Holiness Is Greatly Depressed, by
the News That Cardinal Cicca
Is Dying.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— A World special
from. Rome cays: . The Papal audiences
are still suspended, thus creating uneasi
ness about the Pope's health. '¦'•
The World's correspondent is informed
that the Pope <s really ailing and keeps
t • his bed.
Cardinal Cicca is reported to be dying
to-day of a cardiac trouble, confirming
the.losrcnd that the Cardinals die in trfos.
The Pope v.as srreatly depressed by the
r.ews and sent his apostolic blessing.
Tool Patent Case Decided.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.-Judge Coxe of
the United States Circuit Court to-day
decided the "pneumatic tool" patent case
in favor of the Chicago company. The^e
portable drills, driven by aJr, are used by
tfte Union Iron Works and other large- In
dustrial establishments in San Francisco.
Continued on Page Two.
THE police are hot upon the trail of "Kid" Goucher and "Brownie/' the two footpads wHo v \vith^ w^ E. C. Robinson; and -it is believed that the
desperadoes- will be behind prison bars before many hours. -The unfortunate shooting } of; Joseph! S^Pedro^an^inoffensive; citizen, by a policeman, who mistook" him- for. a footpad, follow
ing closely upon the killing of Robinson, has afoused the entire community, to a realizing sense -p^i to stamp out
the evil and put an end to the terrorizing epidemic of outlawry now prevailing' irt this. city. Two footpads fwere^yester^ay as a w ; arriing to the ilk.
RESPECTABLE CITIZEN IS KILLED BY A POLICEMAN
VOLUME XCI.— NO 56.
SAN. FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, }?. JjAN UAJlYi^25; 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.CRUSADE UNDER WAY.
Continued From Page One.
HEAVY SENTENCES GIVEN TO THUGS,
We further. find faulty management on the
part of the. officials of the New York Central
road, and we hold said . officials responsible
for the . reason that during, the ; past ten years
Bald % officials have been i repeatedly warned
by their locomotive engineers and other em
ployes of the dangerous- conditions existing in
said tunnel, imperiling the lives of thousands
of passengers, and. they have failed to 'remedy
said conditions;-, and also for the reason that
certain improvements in the way of both visi
ble and audible signals could. have been Install
ed and the disaster thereby have been averted ;
and for the further reason that no regulation
of speed at' which trains should have run In
said tunnel- has been enforced, thereby allow
ing engineers to exercise their own discretion.
. Alter reciting the details of the accident
and exonerating the train crew, the ver
dict continues: : ' .
. Tne verdict places the blame for the
conditions leading to the accident on the
officials of the .road. • Both Wisker and
* yler were . immediately, discharged from
custody. 1 - 1 " .:.¦¦•¦"•¦ ' .
.NEW' YORK,' Jan. 24.— The Coroner's
investigation ; into the causes of the re
cent disaster in the New York .' Central
railroad tunnel was brought to a close to
night when the jury^after beinj; out three
hours and five minutes returned a verdict
completely exonerating John M. Wlsker
and E. G.' Fyler, the crew of. the, engine
that (crashed into the rear end' of the
train; '- causing : the death of seventeen
people. ¦ .: ! ;
For_ Ten Years No Heed Is Paid to
Warnings Concerning Faulty .•
' ' Signals ~ and ':. Unsafe . '' ' "
¦'¦:;vv.: :./K.ate of -, Speed. I ¦ \{ ''-"'js
Coroner's Jury Scores the
j : Management of* the New .
- l|||^Y6rk;.;< Central. . ' /..
nel Disaster.
TraiirCrew : Not Respon
• sible for Recent Tun-
PLACES BLAME
ON OFFICIALS
OF THE ROAD
\ Continued From Page One.
Continued From Page One.
#•5? •¦¦-.. ..:¦¦:- ¦ ¦.
* POLICE^ SWOOP/; DOWN. ON A
• ¦ * ;; POirlTlCIAN'S v- FLAT ¦¦¦ LOOK
ING FOR BURGLARS.' ' " .'
O. The French Dhilologi&ts have not yet
tiuite'. decided whether they should write
un" automobile or; une automobile. '. - .
..-Police Officer : Crackbon was taken: to
the City Prison, last eveaJng. for • deten
tion.'-. No charge was made, against- him
and .none-wlll be? entered until- after the
Coroner's lnauest. '- Crapfcbon was not. put
in' a cell/ He was - given the "¦ liberty of
the orison and : slept in one of the attend
ants' beds. > -;' -..-<:¦ ¦ .'.'•• ¦,-
• "Ifi I killed ;him I regret it and? -will re
gret it to the- end of my, .life. - When I
.halted; hini^Iithought- he was [a* footpad
because, he acted' suspiciously. , When he
ran ; away, from ¦ me. this opinion-- was
strengthened and in- the ¦• light of ¦ recent
events -my, action . was not only justifiable
but was compelled by duty."-':' ¦ .:
In speaking of the shooting Crackbon
assured a Call representative that it never
entered his head, to kill Pedro.
'.it"** l wanted to? drop my man," .he said,
, 1 could have done so with ease. I simply
wanted to bring :Jiim to a standstill and
as I ran after him I yelled out that I was
an officer and blew my police ; whistle to
prove my assertion. ' "When I fired I shot
low- .' - ' >.-, \ ¦ ........\.. ¦ . ¦,;•
¦ i "I /did not act.hotheadedly. I gave the
man every opportunity to recognize 'my
authority, .but . he, ignored it/ He turned
a number of times as he ran and .made
a move to take something out of his back
pocket. I thought r he was warmed. I did
not fire until we reached Hoff avenue and
then did so .only, to stop his flight. : He
acted suspiciously and I thought him a
footpad.- ¦ ¦ . - * ., '•.
"Every time the man motioned to his
back 'pocket I '.warned him not to draw.
He ;¦ could hear »every command I gave.
When-* shot I'-did.nof- believe that I had
struc'^iim,. because I did not :try to do
so.. After shooting I ran after .him, but
he slipped down a : ; side" street , and . cut
through* an alleyway and I did not know
of his whereabouts -until I saw him lying,
fleadrr.- -:.v '/;. •>. % t'y V-:- ...:\l7;..' ''• .
Crackbon Is" Sorry.
'Wittman early' yesterday morning and
after making his report was directed to
alt in , the detectives' .room. ..While not
under arrest Crackbon was nominally 1 de
tained. -.,.-, No,.; charges ... were ft preferred
against him and none wiir.be until after
the. Coroner's inque'st. . / ' •
Crackbon • might easily have been • mis
taken for a footpad late at night, dressed
as he -was in shabby old clothes. -He
still wore the costume he donned when re
porting on duty the night before.' During
the past week the officers detailed on the
night watch have left the station in cit
izen, clothes in order to more easily cap
ture' marauders. V ...-.¦
> during the years Crackbon has been on
the force he. -has \ proven- himself an ef»
ncient officer. Early in his police career
he was shot by a drunken man whom he
was placing under arrest. When he re
covered from his. injuries he was ordered
to report to the Seventeenth street station
for mounted police duty. '..V.
• During the strike he guarded non-union
.teamsters and was struck in the face with
a heavy .missile thrown by \ one of the 1
strikers.- .Although tempted to: shoot
.Crackbon withheld his fire. He has al
ways -refrained from using his .pistol, 1 al
.though conceded to be one of the crack
shots in- the department: . • • . . .• ;
: Only; a- few nights ago he was telling
a newspaper man- that he would never like
to take a life. One day he rushed Into a
:houseand grappled with a man who was
about to shoot his wife. ' Crackbon has
done, many, things that tested his cool
ness And courage.
. Stops the Cough
And works'- off. the cold.' Laxatlv*. Brwia.
Quinine Tablets cure • a cold In one day. - No
Cure, ¦ Xo Pay. Price 25 centa. • — r./f •
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles
No Cure, No Pay. All drugg1s»^.«re authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Oi%#aent to refund
money where it fails to cure aitycase of piles
no matter of how long standing.; Cures ordinary
cases in six days: worst cases in fourteen days
One . application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching: instantly.' .This ia anew discovery and
is'the only-pile remedy , sold on positive guar
antee.* no cure no- pay. ¦¦ A : free sample will be
sent by mall ; to any one *endlng.name and ad
dress. .;Price, 50c.; ; If, your druggist don't keep
it In «tcck send 60c in stamps and : we will for
ward'full size box'by mail. -Manufactured bv
PARIS* MEDICINE CO..; St.. Louis. ,Mo. Who
also ,.-• manufacture :- the ~< celebrated • cold - cure
Laxative Brorno-Quinlne Tablets. : --' . ¦••
Piles Cured Without Vthe Knife.
The officer saw two men trying to rob
another and he yelled to them to desist.
They avoided capture by taking- to their
heels. ¦ Both men ran toward Third street
and English fired a shot In their direc
tion which made them hasten their speed.
He feared to fire again, as he* was afraid
of striking some one. tn returning to the
victim of the robbery he found him stag
gering to his feet. The man had con
siderable money on him. but claimed
that the robbers did not get a cent. He
refused to'srive bis name.
..A. H. English, a special officer .In the
employ -of the telephone company, pre
vented two footpads from robbing an In
ebriated man on Minna street last Thurs
day night. English is engaged as watch
man at 141 Minna street, and while mak
ing- his rounds he heard cries for help.
At first he paid no attention to tnem.
but -when they -were repeated he opened
the door of the telephone building and
turned on the light. • -.
to Rob Drunken Man.
Officer Bouts Thieves Who Attempt
FOOTPADS FltTJSTllATED.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 24.-The portrait
of FrankJUason published in Thursday's
Call- has been recognized by City Detec'
¦lyes.-l^jfcer/.and Fitzgerald as that of
Frank Mason, alias Fred W. Hammersiey
alias Fred Pope, alias Moore. Bbth of
ficers assert there can be no ¦ question as
to . Mason being the man ' of these alias**
as - they know him well. When coins
under the name of Hammersiey, Mason in
January, .1894, broke into the law office of
C H. Oatman in this: city and attemntM
to crackle safe. , In this he wls unsuc
cessful, but he • stole the typewriter and
a large quantity of postage stanYpf:^De
tective Fisher traced Mason to Stockton
where he was arrested by Deputy Sheriff
Black. .He was brougtt back to Sacra
mento, was held to. answer for. thethf.fr
of the typewriter pleaded 'guilty "0 a^re
duced charge. and was sent to prison for
four months.. From here he went to Lo«
Angeles, ; where in November 1895, und"r
the name of Pope he was g convicted of
petty ; larceny ;, and sentenced v to five
months'dmprisonment. On his . release • he
repaired to h San -Francisco, where hia
father and mother: resided. ' In ¦ Deceni
ber, 1896. he was arrested in that city on
two charges of petty larceny, escaped from
prison y and -. went : to Portland, Oregon
where he served a term for some offence'
,Two years ago he returned to Sacramento
and was met on ' the public plaza by De
tectives < Fitzgerald : r and Fisher . who
ordered him out of town. He had a'coi
sort In Sacramento,. but she is said to be
In the Easfat^present. .¦.•,¦.,- -
Detectives Fisher and Fitzgerald of
Sacramento Eecognize Him
" From Call's Picture. .
MASON IDENTIFIED.
Nelson came here from Portland. Or.,
the latter part of last year, , after having
been ffriven away from there by the po
| lice, who knew him as a thug. En route
tothis city he made the acquaintanceship
of Davis and they formed a partnership
for the purpose of relieving after-dark
strollers of their valuables. Luckily ; for
the residents of this city their first at
tempt to secure wealth without labor end
ed disastrously. They commenced' opera
tions by holding up Otto Flelssner, organ
ist of the First Presbyterian Church, and
Rex Hamlin, the sexton, on Van Ness ave
nue, near Jackson" street, one last
November. As Flelssner and Hamlin were
passing a doorway on the avenue Davis
stepped out and, pointing a revolver at
them, : ordered them to throw, up their
hands. Hamlin ¦ dldi as he was told, but
Fleissner ran off and -made his escape.
Nelson, who had remained in the doorway
now stepped out and searched Hamlin's
pockets, getting $2 and a bunch. of keys.
; Caught With the Booty. 1
The matter was reported to the police
arid early the next day the footpads were
arrested. The booty was found on Nelson,
and when he was brought up for trial he
pleaded guilty. Davis insisted on a trial
and was found guilty."' ---,,¦¦
Antone McDonald, 67 years of age who
has already spent twenty years of that
time in San Quentin, will probably never
breathe the air. of freedom again,' for he
was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment
by Judge Dunne. McDonald snatched a
purse containing $4 50 from a woman on
Market- street. He was captured while
trying, to escape. His conviction followed
rapidly. ,The sentence of yesterday is the
maximum .penalty for grand larceny al
lowed by the law.
Edward Davis, his partner In crime, will
be sentenced to-day, and it . is • probable
that his sentence will be. greater than that
of Nelson. . Both prisoners are desperate,
characters and Judge Dunne feels that
any punishment meted out to them 'will
not be too severe. - ¦ - . :
Frank Nelson, another footpad, who*,
with Edward Davis,, held up the organist
and sexton of the First Presbyterian
Church and robbed the latter of $2 and
a bunch of. keys, "must spend " the .next
twenty-Seven^ years of his life in San
Quentin prison. He' was sentenced yes
terday by. Superior \ Judge. * Frank' - H.
Dunne.' The sentence practically amounts
to,. life Imprisonment for Davis is nearly
forty, years of age. If he lives out the
sentence twenty-seven years behind prison
bars will leave him unfitted for continuing
the role of footpad. - ;
and their homes. He was tried by court
martial there for larceny and convicted.
He served a term . at Aicatraz and was
dishonorably discharged from the army.
The crime for which he was sentenced
to life imprisonment yesterday was the
robbing of Philip Krell, a showcase man
ufacturer, at the corner of Sansome and
Pine streets on the night of December 8.
He presented a revolver at Krell's head
and quickly seized his watch and chain.
Krell grappled, with him and hung on to
him. •. Special Officer Barry was close by
at the "time and Policemen Leonard and
Farrell' were only a block away. They
heard Krellts cries for help . and Wood
was arrested. Krell's , watch was found
in his pocket and the revolver was, found
at his feet, where he had dropped it.
Another Footpad Gets Heavy Dose.
¦ '.'We have a total of 589 men, of which
there are 505 patrolmen to cover 'the en
tire city. -Aside from the size of the beats
which they must patrol, the question of
hours , Is a very serious one. - The length
of; the watches c on "account of the Inade
quate force j means J overwork | and loss of
sleep and a consequent decrease in effi
ciency.' It is- not possible for an officer
who comes on duty after Insufficient rest
Police Commissioner Harry W. Hutton
said : '>V9&SH@K$$£3$E>%3WM(ti«|
Causes That Contribute.
"I am not sure that the Mayor would
have the authority to draw on the emer
gency fund for the purpose of a temporary
increase of the police force, and even If he
has the power I do not consider the situ
ation serious enough to demand . such a
pourse. ¦¦•¦' ." ¦ •"..-•,-. : .- ¦
, "The gobd,. heavy sentences' -that the"
courts are beginning to inflict will have a
most wholesome effect. ' I remember a few
years ago, when Judge : Wallace was on
the. bench, highway robbery. became very
frequent, and It was his heavy sentences
that put a stop to the operations of the
footpads.". •. -. ---7 •¦ .
"While talking on this subject I will
state that the attention of the Chief has
been called to the numerous fakers ope
rating under. the disguise of palmists and
fortune tellers. • v
.>'"! think that vigorous action .will be
taken to. rid the city of criminals of all
classes by arresting all suspicious" char
acters. I am sure the Chief of Police will
do all in his power through this and other
methods to put an end to the present epi
demic of crime. Last year the bunko and
sure-thing ' men were rounded up and
brought into police headquarters and
there exhibited to the squads of patrol
men going on duty. By this means their
faces became well known and rather than
take the chances of arrest and punish
ment nearly all of . them left the city. I
favor immediate steps along- thla line. • "
Favors Round-Tip of Criminals.
-"In regard to the number of criminals
row in the city, I think that is the natural
result of driftinsr to California, and to
San Francisco during the winter. It nas
been suggested often of late that the
criminal element has been largely ln
creased by the discharged soldiers. It is
true that a certain percentage of dis
charged soldiers have drifted into this
class, but the majority of the criminals
with which the Police Department has
come into contact. are the old. familiar
faces we have seen before. '
"There is no question in my mind of the
desirability of an increase in the police
force. Ever since I. became a Police Com
missioner I have realized that the city has
outgrown its police force and that In the
outlying districts the beats are too Ions.
In all cases the hours are too long. Tile
patrolman should have an adequate rest
and an opportunity to go on duty
thoroughly refreshed from the fatigue of
the previous watch. No man can do good
work on short sleeping hours. In other
words, I thoroughly believe in the eight
hour system for the police as soon as we
can get sufficient men to put it Into ef
fect.
George A. Newhall, president of the
Board of Police Commissioners, gave the
following interview:
"I am very glad that the courts are tak
ing this view of the situation, and I am
convinced that in a very few days you
will be able to notice a decrease in
crime." .
- Heavy Sentences the Remedy.
CaptXa. of Detectives Seymour said:
"The remedy now being applied by the
courts is the proper medicine for this epi
demic of crime. To-day one footpad has
been given twenty-seven years anrt
another has received a sentence of life
imprisonment. • Criminals will not stay
where such sentences are being imposed.
"No fault can be found with such sen
tences. They are perfectly just, particu
larly-in cases where there have been prior
convictions. A life sentence is not ex
cessive punishment for the man with a
criminal record who goes out to hold up
citizens, for he will not hesitate to taKe
life if resistance is offered. The only
way Is to let them .understand that they
cannot do such business* here. (¦¦
"I am perfectly is accord with the views
expressed in the editorial in The Call this
morning. A police officer cannot patrol
from thirty to thirty-nve blocks, as some
of our men have to do before they have
covered their beats, and prevent the oc
currence of crime within the territory for
which he is responsible. No reasonable
man can expect an arrest for every crime
committed under conditions that. place a
force at such a disadvantage. The patrol
men are on duty for an excessive length
of. time. each day.. Only yesterday I was
compelled to add another hour to their
dally service. : The men are no won -duty
ten hours per day instead of eight. I They
accept 'the situation cheerfully, and no
complaints are » heard. The men are ' a"
willing lot. I served as a patrolman and
know what it means, and I appreciate
the uncomplaining and cheerful. manner
in which the men respond to extra de
mands upon them at a time such as this.
And their efficiency is shown by the fact
that during the past two months the pro
portion of arrests to the total number of
crimes committed 1 has been greater than
ever before in the. history of San Fran
cisco." -. . . . ....
"While crime is rampant now the per
centage of crime in which no arrests are
made is not large. During the last two
months there have been more arrests, for
felonies than ever before during the same
length of time. The County Jail is full
to overflowing. How did those men get
sentences except through arrest and upon
evidence furnished by the Police Depart
ment?. There have been many cases of
highway robbery, but also there have been
many arrests, and lately extreme sen
tences are being given this class of crim
inals. . i
until July, since the appropriation does
not provide for more men than. are now
doing duty. There is no question In my
mind that the new levy should provide
for -a very considerable increase of the
police force. - I am not prepared to say,
however, that the situation ia so serious
that the emergency fund or other funds
at the disposal of the Mayor or the Su
pervisors . should be drawn upon to pro
vide an immediate increase of the num
ber of patrolmen. -. i
"The police force cannot be regularly
increased until the beginning of the next
fiscal year in July. It certainly ought to
be largely increased under the new ap
propriation, possibly to the limit fixed by
the charter. I intend to inquire of tho
Auditor whether there is any fund in
which there is a surplus that may be
transferred in this emergency and used
for a temporary increase of the force. If
it is possible to add a few patrolmen to
the force by this means I shall advocate
doing so.
¦ "I shall encourage also a policy of
rounding up all known criminals and by
wholesale arrests on any sort of charges
making the city too hot to hold them.
That is a method often followed at such
times, and It is much better than wait
injEr for them to hatch their plots, for once
.their minds are made up to take a chance
any number of policemen that It Is pos
sible to place on duty cannot prevent
them."
"Rigorous punishment by the courts al
ways acts as a brake on crime, and I ap
prove of the sort of sentences that ¦were
visited upon two offenders to-day.
"Discharged soldiers contribute an ele
ment to the crime of the city, though I
am not prepared to say that- It is very
great. The footpad who got a life sen
tence to-day was, I believe, a discharged
soldier. . • - .. -
"In summer, , again, plenty of work is
to be had in tha country, and many who
have led an aimless existence and made
a living without too much exertion come
back to the city, and when they begin to
be pressed by the harder conditions of a
winter, even such as ours, in the city
they turn to crime and take a chance at
holding up some belated citizen.
"The Influx of criminals to Alaska dur
ing the summer and their return to ' the
States during the winter has its effect
on the amount of crime committed during
this season, particularly just now, when
Seattle has carried on a crusade against,
vice that has driven many of them away
from that city to find refuge here.
Rigorous Punishment a Brake.
"Public poker games, I believe, add
much to the total of' San Francisco
crime. Many jobs are put up In these
places, -which become places of ren
dezvous for criminals. The police have
frequently raided these resort3 and every
effort has been made to suppress them,
but acquittals nearly always result. It
seems almost Impossible to secure con
victions, although in my opinion they
are run in plain violation of the law. The
Police Department is certainly doing its*
duty In this respect. We are not in a po
sition just now to do more than we are
doing.
"The late strike and the_sa? still on
have resulted in bringing in an undesir
able element that has much to with tne
present frequency -of crime. The two
great iron works, particularly, have not
hesitated to bring in men of whom they
knew nothing. Some of these cared only
to get a trip to the coast. They have
been found incompetent and discharged
Away from home and with no means of
support, and in some cases with- criminal
instincts and records, they have turned
naturally to crime.
"I do not believe that the present epi
demic of hold-ups is more serious than
have occurred in former years. Indeed I_
believe that in 1887 and 1388 the evil was
greater than it is now. Great effort was!"
made then to suppress It- One. footpad,
I remember, was killed In the Western
Addition.
. "I do not pretend to say that any
change or Increase In the department
would stop crime, for the deeds of foot
pads cannot be stopped in communities
Infested by them unless a policeman is
stationed on every corner. We can never
have a force large enough in San Fran
cisco to prevent hold-ups at the times
when the town Is overrun with the crim
inal element. The -murder of poor .uoo
lnson was the result of an attempted
hold-up when a policeman was on the
same block and another within hailing
distance. If the highwayman is willing
to take the chance the city cannot be
well enough patrolled to stop him. The
only way is to drive him out of town or
to give the captured ones sentences that
will terrorize those still at liberty.
"There Is no question that the criminal
element of the United States tends to
drift to San Francisco during the winter
months. The experience of years ha3
taught us that. The reason is mainly
climatic; but I have no doubt that winter
racing here has a great deal of influence.
There Is always an undesirable element
that frequents the racetrack and hangs
about the cities where racing is in vogue.
Comes on Seels of Strike. —
to be as bright and alert as a patrolman
should be.
"It is my opinion that the present forca
would be equally or more efficient under
the eight-hour system. I believe that the
beats could be extended even and the
men coming on duty bright and with their
wits about them could patrol ! the larger
area with better results than are secured
now. ¦ ¦ - - ; .
CHICAGO. Jan. 24.— Stockholders of the
Chicago. Burlington and Quincy Railroad met
here to-day and took another adjournment lor
one week without transacting further business.
The police are searching for a gang of
bold store burglars who have been operat
ing In the commercial section of the city
within the past few weeks. / Some mem
bers of the gang committed a burglary
within the shadow of the Hall of Justice
yesterday and as yet the detectives have
been unable to apprehend the offenders.
When H. Miller, proprietor of a whole
sale cigar store at 621 Montgomery street
arrived at his place of business yesterday
morning he was surprised to find that a
wire screen immediately over a barred
had « been Punctured and the place
robbed He found the cash register rifled,
a nickel-in-the-slot machine broken open
and cigars valued at $100 missing The
screen through which the burglars entered
1m at least ten feet above the sidewalk
and the police are in a quandary to know
how the bold deed was committed without
the detection of the perpetrators.
Captain Seymour has detailed some of
his best men on the recent cases reported
from the commercial section and expects
to land some of the offenders behind the
bars before long.
Hall of Justice.
Daring: Thieves Commit Crime Near
POLICE SEAECH FOB, BXJBGLAES.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.— A tramp was ar
rested at Santa Clara • this evening by
Constable Hite on suspicion that he Is one
of the men who murdered Policeman
Robinson in San Francisco Tuesday
morning. Hite acted uppn information
given him by a^passenrer on an incoming
tra i n troia San Francisco. The man is
a. German and speaks very poor English
Footpad Suspect Arrested.
An autopsy was performed by Dr.- Lulgi
"MRS. HENRY"
"What Autopsy Showed. ' ~
About an hour after the i shooting a
newsboy named H. Ross, who lives- at
103 Albion avenue, informed Policeman
H. I. Folsom that there was a man lying
drunk on Seventeenth street, near Valen
cia. According to a statement made to the
Chief of Police by Sergeant John C.
Ayers. a street sweeper gave the officers
the first knowledge of the finding- of
Pedro's body. Sergeant Ayers said:
"About 3:45 a. m. a street sweeper in
formed Officer Folsom on the corner of
Sixteenth, and Valencia streets that. there
was a man lying near Valencia and Seven
teenth streets drunk. Officer Folsom and
myself -went up . there and found a man
lying there. We awoke Dr.* D. F. Sulli
van, who lives two doors above, when we
found him. He came out and examined
him and said that the man was dead. I
telephoned to Lieutenant Anderson and
hs telephoned for the Coroner. The dep
uty came out and took charge of the
body, examined it and found a shot in
the back. I found Officer Crackbon on
thj corner of Seventeenth • and Mission
streets and took- him up to where the
body was lying and from the description
he thought that he I was the man he
(Crackbon) shot at about two hours be
fore on Sixteenth' street, above ; Mission,
who escaped from him. ' • ' ,
"A Mathews, 44 I^exington avenue, said
his name was Joe Pedro.' a brother of A.
Pedro, superintendent of Gray. Brothers.
His brother was notified.". -
. Pedro's body, was taken to the Morgue
by Deputy Coroner Fennell. When the
body was searched the officials found a
silver watch. and gold plated locket.- in
the. case of the watch was a photo
graph of his little child. A badge
"of- the League of the Sacred Heart
was taken from the lapel of bis coat. -In
his pockets two keys and. $29 50 in silver
were found. His pockets also contained
an order for 1000 brick, signed by-Thonias
W. Butcher, and. bearing the number 114,
and a receipt In the following.words:
"Received from J. Pedrb 59 on the 22d
of January till the 22d of February. ': :
Body Is Found.
"He backed away from me into the
street and I followed him. As soon as
he jaw that I intended to press him he
put his hand on his right hip pocket: 1
had 'my pistol in the outside pocket pf
my overcoat and had my right hand on
it and drew it out and covered him and
told him to take his hand off that, think
ing he was about to draw a pistol. He
then ran away in a low, stooping position
with his hand still on his hip pocket. He
ran up Sixteenth street toward Hoff ave
nue and I kept ordering him to stop. He
paid no attention to my command to stop
and just before he reached Hoff avenue
I fired a shot at him and he turned into
Hoff avenue and . ran toward Seventeenth
street and disappeared. I made a search
of the -yards on .Hoff avenue, thinking
he might be in hiding, but failed to catch
or locate him. I kept blowing my whistle
while chasing him. The time I fired at
him ,was about between 2:30 and 3 a. m.
I made a diligent search for him and
failed to find him. About an hour and a
half later he was found dead. on Seven
teenth street above Valencia by, a street
sweeper." . ; . . . ;
, . Sh-ootingr a Mistake.
Pedro's. death was due to a lamentable
mistake. There Is no doubt in the minds
of the Police Department that Pedro was
responsible for his own death. He was
a stranger in the city and was wandering
around in search of his temporary abid
ing place, which was with Mrs. Edward
Henry, who lives at 2911 Sixteenth street
While walking down Sixteenth street he
was accosted by Policeman Crackbon,
who was in citizen's clothes. Believing
the latter to be a footpad, Pedro backed
away and when the officer pulled" out his
pistol he became fear-stricken and took
to his heels. i
Crackbon called to him repeatedly to
halt and yelled that he was an officer,
but Pedro either did Tiot hear him or paid
no attention to his commands. The police
man then fired the fatal shot. According
to his statement he aimed low and shot
to bring the runner to a standstill. The
bullet struck the sidewalk and was de
flected upward, striking Pedro In the
body. Despite the mortal wound the man
ran on and fell prostrate more than- a
block and .a half .away on Seventeenth
ttreet; near Valencia. , >
Thought Pedro Had Gun.
toward Mission street. I stepped out in
plain view of him and ,when he saw me
he stopped and asked me where Sixteenth
street between Mission and Howard was.
J asked him- what number -and he replied
No. 1911. I told him I was a police officer,
showed him my star and told him he did
not live at any such number on Sixteenth
street. .
• Police Officer "Joseph - A. Crackbon has
been in the department more .than seven
years." He has a record of being one" pf
the best officers under Lieutenant
son. : He has-been highly thought of by
his ; superior : officers, who - have , faith Vin
his cool' judgment. In the: light; of events
that have happened during the past week
they believe Crackbon' was justified In
acting as he did. .-. :.- -. ..
The officer • reported to Chief; of Police
Crackbon's' Fine: Record.
Joseph Pedro was born in Colfax and
was brought up at Yountville, Napa Coun
ty. He was 23 years of*age. He was well
known. to the residents of Napa and was
considered an exemplary young man. He
had come down to this city to take a
position 1 Under his brother, and it was- his
Intention to return yesterday, morning to
his- home and bring his wife and child to
the city. His wife had just recovered
from an attack' of , diphtheria. - • ¦¦'¦
. He had been visiting his brother the
night before his death and assisted the
latter in hanging pictures. • His i brother
tried to prevail upon him. to stay over
night, but Josepbu.was unwilling, as -he
wanted to get his overcoat, which was at
his '-lodgings.-* !'•>." :• -
. He v was looked upon.'- favorably by his
employers. They, considered him a steady
young^man andwere perfectly willing to
give him a position in their employ. He
had. often been threatened by strikers 'and
feared assault from .them. '
> Ahtone' Pedro : will* take -charge of/ his
brother's remains immediately after > the
inquest.' The news of Joseph's death was
telegraphed to Napa'. and his; wife and
parents will come to , this city to-day. •"-
Pedro Well Liked.
"Joseph was ., a good boy," he .said. ".."He
never smoked nor drank, and was never
in trouble.- He was with us only last
night and we never dreamed that when
we said good-by to him it was for the
last time. I live at 26 Alleen avenue,
which is off Fifteenth street, between
Guerrero and Dolores. He left us after
midnight and was on his way to his lodg
ings. Joseph hRd only been In town a
short time. 'In fact, he came down from
his home in Napa a few days ago.. When
Jhe strike. was on Joseph took the place
of striking teamsters who were employed
by Gray Brothers. I am, also employed
by the firm in the capacity of superin
tendent of- teams. Joseph ;had been
threatened by various -. people and was
constantly on i the alert. He never mo
lested any one'. He was a good husband
and provided for his wife and 17-month
old baby. His wife and little one are liv
ing at Yountville, Napa County. It was
his Intention of bringing them down here
to live as soon as he straightened out his
affairs." ¦ . • . . . , •¦ ¦ -
The statement of the brother seems to
bear out the belief that the deceased* was
guilty of no wrong.. He was evidently in
search of his home, which was on Six
teenth-street, between Mission and How
ard ¦ streets, when he was accosted I by
Officer Crackbon. When accosted by the
officer he . asked the latter where Six
teenth street, between Mission and How
ard, was. Then the officer, who • was
suspicious, asked what number Pedro
wanted: The latter said 1911. ¦" He was
wrong In numbers. It was 2911 that he
should have said. The mistake of one
figure cost him his life. The suspicious
officer wag about to take him into cus
tody, but Pedro, evidently fearing he in
tended doing him an injury or believing
him -to be a footpad, took> to j his heels,
followed closely by Crackbon. •
What might be considered a coincidence
is the fact that Crackbon stood within a
few yards of; the spot where brave Police
man E. C. Robinson met his death last
Monday • night and beneath the awning
from which Adolph Albersmeyer fell to'
his death the night footpads killed the
policeman. • r .. ¦ . . > '•
, Antone Pedro, a . brother, of the "de
ceased, visited the Morgue yesterday, aft
ernoon. He was broken-hearted over the
untimely death of his brother and gave
vent to his feelings with unrestrained
grief.: He was highly .excited '.and the
Coroner's deputies had hard work pacify
ing him. After- viewing the remains of
his brother, Antone expressed his views
on Officer "Crackboii * In " no uncertain
terms. He called the policeman a coward
and spoke bitterly of him. He is of the
opinion that if the policeman had fol
lowed up his brother after firing the* fatal
shot Joseph's life might have been saved.
Brother,. Visits
Bacigalupi before noon and It revealed
that the steel capped bullet; which was
of thirty-two caliber, had entered the
left loin at the small of the back v and
passed exactly .through , the ; body,", taking
an- upward course and lodging just' be
neath the skin, exactly in the middle" of
the breast.. ..Particles qt cement adhered
to the buJlet and its flattened shape bore
evidence that the policeman had fired
into the sidewalk and that. the bullet had
been deflected upward, ending Pedro's
life, i When Pedro was found little or no
blood was visible, the bleeding, being in
ternal. .. ,-•¦-. . . - • . : . >
POLICEMAN SHOOTS CITIZEN.
A TRAGEDY in the home of. "Ed
die" Graney was narrowly avert
ed Thursday night by the rare
presence of mind of the head of
the household. Graney, who is
prominent in political circles, is very
fond of tamales. Thursday evening
he attended a performance at one of the
local theaters, accompanied by his wife.
They returned to their oozy little fiat at
1526 McAllister street late at night.
Graney decided that a couple of tamales
would be palatable before retiring and
suggested that he should send for them.
He. rang up the corner grocery.' and In
less than five minutes a young man; had
brought the toothsome' morsels to?.: the
house. On leaving, however, the young
man neglected to close '.-"the .front icfoor;
Mr. and Mrs. Graney retired -utterly .un
conscious of the fright that -was in store
for them. ... P. -,;:.-.
Dr. A. , D. McLean Is- the next: door
neighbor to Graney and on coming home
about 2 o'clock and seeing the front door
As soon as the men were Ironed and
placed In the patrol wagon the police
made a search of their rooms. A num
ber of copies of morning papers of recent
issue containing accounts of hold-ups
and the Robinson murder were found in
the bureau drawers. There was also a
collection of packages of court-plaster,
which some of them offered for sale as a.
guise to gain admittance to houses.
Just ¦what the result of the raid may
be the police were disinclined to discuss
They think that these men know the
whereabouts of these concerned In the
Robinson murder, and to-day they will
be put through the sweating process. In
the meanwhile their names have been
placed on the small book until it Is de
termined what charge shall be placed
against them.
These men later gave the names of Jo
seph and Robert Walters. T[-he former in
endeavoring to escape jumped through a
skylight and was cut, but not severely.
His brother Robert, who is 17 years of
age. and has been In jail a number of
times, was disposed to make a fight, but
"VVfcitaker yelled to McMahon to use his
pistol quickly and the boy at once threw
up his hands. They were bundled into
the waiting patrol wagon.
In the meanwhile the other officers
rounded up those in the house and se
cured six more, all of whom have records
as thieves and vagrants. Those arrested
were: Joseph Walters,. Robert Walters,
James Walters, George Fagan, Harry
Young, Julius Smith, George Aristlde and
Frank Thompson. The latter is a "lav
ender seed" peddler and has but one leg.
He is considered one of the most cun
ning of the gang.
The police arrived at the place about il
o'clock and found eight men there. Two
of them made a break for liberty anl
jumped over a rear fence, then ran
through a basement and endeavored to
escape into JCatoma street. Detectives
Whitaker and McMahon made a search
for them and found them hiding in the
corner of a cellar. They ordered them to
throw up their hands. At the sight of
the officers' pistols both surrendered. -
In following up the clews furnished the
police, this place came under suspicion.
Mrs. Dooley says that two men rented the
room two weeks ago and were engaged in
peddling. She knows that the men were
peddlers, for she says that she bought
oranges from them. Soon after they took
her rooms, which consist of a bedroom
and kitchen on the tirst floor, .men began
coming at all hours of the day arid night.
She professed last night to the detectives
that she knew nothing about her lodgers,
but was somewhat surprised at the hours
they kept.
Sergeant Donovan was in charge of the
posse and was assisted by Officer George
Barry and Detectives Coleman, Whitaker,
Reynolds, Baily and Mc-Mahon. The house
occupied by Mrs. Dooley has an exit on
Katoma. street, and while their associates
went to the front door, " Whitaker and
McMahon covered the rear. Two of the
men tried to escape by this route, but
were captured.
In the expectation of finding the men
concerned in the murder of Police Officer
Robinson, a squad of police, acting under
instructions from Chief of Police Witt
man and Captain of Detectives Seymour,
raided the lodging-house kept by ¦¦ Mrs.
Annie Dooley, at 630 Howard street, last
night and arrested eight men, whom the
police recognized as well-known crooks.
Which They Used as Head
quarters.
Haid a House on Howard Street
Squad of "Coppers" Responds to a Burglar Alarm
Sent in by a -Suspicious NeigHhpr,
The police are now certain that they
will apprehend the murderers before many
hours have passed. Every Sheriff, con
stable and police officer from here to El
Paso has been notified to keep a sharp
lookout for Goucher and Brownie, and it
is their belief tnat now that their route is
known it will be almost impossible for
them to escape.
Captain Seymour yesterday ascertained
the name of the woman who lived in the
Turk-street house with Wade, "Brownie,**
"Kid" Goucher and the rest of the thugs.
He at onoe ' detailed two detectives to
search the tenderloin for her.' .Late last
night they succeeded in locating her lodg
ings, but up to an early hour this morn
ing she had not returned home. They will
probably take her into custody this morn
ing. The police expect the woman will
yield up the secrets of the desperate gang,
as she is known to have been implicated
in all their nefarious jobs.
POLICE GATHER IN THIEVES
Chief Wittman and Captain Seymour
held a lengthy consultation over the mat
ter at the latter's office last night. They
remained at the office until quite a late
hour waiting for some word from the
telegrams sent all along the line in their
endeavor to head the fugitives off. .
It was an easy matter for the crooks to
get aboard the train. They did not board
it from the side on which the passengers
got on, but sneaked around on the Berry
etreet side of the depot and clambered
aboard.
Upon arrivlne at San Jose, the . men
would have to leave the train, but from
that point they could easily catch a south
bound freight train and get further away
from the clutches of the local police.
Dinan and Wren interviewed the switch
man and yardmaster and as both railroad
men had the Incident fresh in their mem
ories the detectives were soon convinced
that the much sought for criminals were
the men who made their exit from the city
on Wednesday's train. The railroad men
were positive that the descriptions of
Goucher and "Brownie" given them by
the detectives tallied exactly with their
personal recollections of the appearance
of the two men who rode out of the city
under the steps of one of the Pullmans
attached to the south-bound filer.
secure all the Information possible about
the pair.
POLICE HOT UPON The SCENT
OF EDDIE GRANEY'S TAMALES
THE SAN FBANCISW^C^
Continued From Page One.
MURDERERS' SENSATIONAL ESCAPE
open he Vdecided that' therV'were> burglars
in Graney's home. '~ He rushed into his
own house- and. notified tbelpollce of_the
fact. • In less' than nve' minutes -there was
the rumble ! of ' a patrol, -loaded down with
. police. : :-;?•:*>-:¦ :¦ -, . ¦ : .^..j-~. -..•;.».,...-..¦ v > • ¦¦
The officers 'immediately started' ah in
vestigation searching, {Sraney's
flat- From rdom'.to room they; went, -but
found the house in perfect? order..: Mrs.'
Oraney heard, the! noise "and aroused>her
husband. .He told his wife tha,t she must
have been -dreaming,- as he had hot heard
a sound. fH e had hardly finished his re
mark when his bedroom door was thrown
open and an'officef " had' him 'afid Tils' wife
co ,yered bfc a big 44-caliber Coifs revolver.
£,ddie ,'saw visions of. quartets-sing
ing . Good-night, Good-night, It's Morn
ing Now. "and big floral pieces being car
ried up his front steirs.v.iV-:'. *¦-¦—.¦ •
,a,My,G° d > don 't- shoot!" he'cried- '"I'm
'Eddie'. Graney." «', ?,;.: ., ¦-.%'... v..- - \;r ¦ .-.. <•
••¦••- The officer -recognize'd-htmi-loweretl his
weapon and. was, ; prof use":ln •'apologies.
, Graney dressed < and -threw, open his side
board to All .and,- explanations were in or
?a^'oi Grane^?aysnow that^if he wants
he jwill bring them home early in
-the evening and ;take no chances.- :
2
which, also - builds up. the system that ; has
Buffered from them.:- ,^;' : -^ , : V
It ..'Is the^ best medicine for all humors.'
'Hgq^s^a^dpqjrUld
:'¦• -They are vitiated or morbid fltilds*'coursr
Ing the. veins v : : and affecting the ".tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion but are sometimes inherited. . ' ,'
'] ", How do they-.mahifest themselves T .
' In' many, forms of ' cutaneous eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, • pimples • and boils j
( and in weakness; languor, general debility.
5 How are they expelled ? ' By > - .
Whdiiare Humors ?
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦RBHHHHH
| Good Coffee |
§ Is elegant IF!! * g
| you can digest it.7 3
| POSTUM, - w £iJ
mM PI
¦ ' \ a
¦ is superb, and you is
§ CAN ! ! digest it. g
POSTTJM CEREAL.
ADVZBTISE3KENT3.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
WAITER BAKERS
COCOA^CHOCOLATE
• LOOK AT THE LABELS >
tit B.UI jj-juiHiy ! ! wj] '^**py^$ l ~5£^^Jki}M&M]£BMflHn' \ nil 2*^^f3 I •-^""** V*t/ff-*'^* 1 PI
• t L3 * ~ ' ' * in i ¦¦¦¦J cH
PURE-DELICIOUS-NUTRITIOUS
• E5TABLISHED I76O
WALTBR^BAKER & CO. Limited.
v DORCHESTER, MASS. £-">*
I THREE GOLD MEDALS PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITIONi POPULAR BELLES WHO ATTEND- '
X ; ED ENTRE NOUS COTILLON AND
LATEST SOCIETY DEBUTANTE.
The. wheelwright should never, ret left
Eseclal Dispatch to Tha Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— In his ef
forts to obtain retirement and enter
Southern politics. Captain a Richmond
Pearson Hobson, the Merrimac hero, haif
encountered a serious obstable. The naval
retiring board which examined him yes
terday has reported to .Secretary Long
that he is fit for service and should be re
tained on active duty.
The report of the board is a sad blow
to Captain Hobson. While he had refused
to publicly discuss his political aspira
tions, his friends understood that he was
disposed to enter politics the moment he
was relieved from active duty in the navy.
He had even gone so far, it is stated, as
to consider the idea of resigning. It is
not believed, however, that he will take
action. The probability is that he will
indorse the movement begun among nls
friends to have Congress pass a bill per
mitting his retirement on full pay.
Captain Hobson's efforts to retire meet
with the unqualified approval of the Navy
Department. His position In the service
is rather anomalous and no one appre
ciates this fact more than Captain Hoh
son. He has the rank of captain when he
only has had the service of a young con
structor. He is now on duty with the
Charleston Exposition an4 when this
comes to a close it will be difficult to pro
vide him with an assignment suitable* to
his rank and experience. The department
is therefore disposed to facilitate Captain
Hobson's desire vo be placed on the retired
list.
• A well knawn line officer .said to-day
that the navy should opposa tho bill for
Captain Hobson'e retirement on the
ground that the retired list i« only tor
officers who are incapacitated from active
service by phyBlcal disability or age. Rep
resentative Bankhead of Alabama, whose
Beat in- Congress Captain Hobson is eaid
to want, has many f rienis iu the House
and they will probably prevent the pass
ape ox a bill contemplating the retirement
of the young constructor. .
Naval Officer's New Am
bition May Not Be
Achieved.
THE Huntington ball last evening
exceeded even the highest expecta
tions and was a brilliant success
that will long be remembered by
San Francisco society. Mr. and
Mrs. WlUard V. Huntington invited
one hundred and fifty guests to
Cotillon Hall in honor of their daugh
ter. Miss Edith Huntington, the af
fair ,being her formal debut. Miss
Huntington's "coming out" ball has
been looked forward to as an important
event of the season and numerous prepa
rations were made. Nine o'clock found
the hall thronged with the brilliant as
sembly representing San Francisco's ex
clusive set. Scores of artistic and costly
gowns were in evidence and femininity
was beautiful to look upon. Many jewels
were also worn. • r
Mrs. Huntington. received the guests,
assisted by the young debutante. Miss
Huntington's toilette was artistic, simple
and elegant. She wore a decollete gown
of w>hite tulle over liberty satin. The
tulle was in shirred tucks all over. She
wore no jewels, but exquisite white or
chids in her hair and carried a shower
bouquet of orchids.
Mrs., Huntington was beautiful and
charming In a decollete princess gown of
black velvet, trimmed with . cut . jet. In
her dark hair was a diamond star and
black ostrich feather. Her jewels were
entirely diamonds.
The guests danced until a late hour and
thoroughly enjoyed the occasion. The
decorations were chiefly American Beauty
roses and In excellent- taste. American
Beauties were festooned around the hall
In hanging: baskets with evergreens, all
in the empress style. The large chandelier
in the center was lavishly trfmmed with
the roses. Many pink flowers were also
used. Those present ¦were:
E. Raymond Armsby, Hush White Adams
Jr. Mrs. L. L. Baker. Dr. and Mrs. Charles B.
Brigham, Mr. and Mrs. W&kefield Baker, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Bishop, Dr. and Mrs. James
A. Black. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur J. Brander.
Miss Blair. Miss Edith McBean, Miss Leontine
Blakeman. Misses Buckley, Misses Brigham.
Emil Brugmiere. Conrad S. Babcock, U. 6. A.;
Herbert R. Baker. Philip S. Baker, John Rush
Balrd, Athole McBean, Duane L. Bliss, Her
bert S. Bonifleld, Ralph P. Brower, Thomas
C. Berry. Edmund Baker. Dr. Browneil, W. R.
BetUson. Miss Bowie, Mr. a'nd Mrs. William
H. Crocker. Miss Bessie Center, Misses < Cad
walader. Dr. C. Clark Collins, Alexander-Cen
ter Bertram L. Cadwalader, George L. Cad
walader, Augustus B. Co6tigan. Dr. J. Clark,
Dupont Coleman, Angelo Conte, Miss Helen
Dean, Miss Bernie R. Drown, Redick McKee
Duperu. Frank Deering. Paymaster Doherty,
Dr Palmer Dunbar. Willard Drown. William
Denman, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young, MIhs
Helen de Young, Charlie de Young:. Mr. and
Mrs. H. William Ellicott Jr., Miss Charlotte E.
Ellinwood. Miss Marian Eells, Mrs. Arthur W.
Foster. Mrs. Sands W. Forman, Miss Foster,
Miss Jessie Fillmore, Fred Ross Fairchllds,
HOBSON FINDS
BARS IN THE WAY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
.W., "WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— James Al
man, who died in Washington yesterday,
according to his own \ story, refused a
bribe of $100,000 to put poison in j cream
which he served to President Lincoln. Al
man in 1865 kept a dairy on a farm, where
the Bureau of Printing, and Engraving
now stands, about a half-mile south of
the White House. He supplied cream and
milk to the White House and to Secretary
Stanton. In an interview some months
ago Alman said that early, in April, 1865,
as he was, driving his milk wagon toward
the White House; two men stopped him
and offered him $100,000 to putjpolson in
the cream he was taking to the President
In this interview Alman said: > ¦ r
"One morning in the early part of April
— not two weeks before the President was
assassinated— I was driving along in my
wagon when two men stopped me, and one
of them asked if I did not want to make
$100,000 easy and quick. I scarcely knew
what to say, but I told them that I
guessed I did if it could be done on the
level. ; He . then asked me if 1 could keep
a secret and I told him I thought I could.
Then he got right close up to me, leaning
over the side of the : wagon and said:
•Well, my man, here's 1100,000 in good
money. Every cent of it is yours if you
will take this little box of powder and put
it in the cream you serve to President Lin
coln this morning. Pour, out the cream in
a measure and put this powder in it. No
body will ever suspect any thing . and ' the
$100,000 is yours.' r. . ' :: . ._ ; ,
"He showed me a tremendous big roll
of money, and it | looked mighty nice, but
I didn't want any of that kind. I told the
men * I wanted and ; needed ¦ money, but I
could have nothing to do with such busi
ness if they really meant what they said."
They tried to argue the matter, with me,
but I wouldn't' listen to them ¦. and . drove
awayowhile they cursed me. It is not true
that they assaulted me either then or aft
erward. At 'the- time I could not believe
the men were In earnest,. but thought they
were trying to play an early morning Joke
on me, I kept the transaction to ¦ myself,
but must confess that it-worried mo not a
, little." " - ; V
Death of Milkman Who
Once Saved the Life
of Lincoln.
REFUSES TO PUT
POISON IN CREAM
PEKING, Jan. 24.— This Dowager Em
press and her councilors are seriously
discussing the engagement of foreign ad
visers to reorganize the Government.
Yuan Shi Kai, Viceroy of Pechlll, Is
the inspiration of the movement. He will
return to Pao Ting Fu to-morrow, hav
ing devoted several days to impressing
upon the court the Importance of real re
forms and urging the adoption of foreign
methods as being the only practical meas
ures. He memorializes the throne, rec
ommending the employment of eight for
eigners of eminence in various branches
of governmental science, attaching them
to different boards.
The scheme in its present form, after
having been discussed by the members of
the council, is to engafee six foreigners as
authorities respectively on international
law and finance, and on military, naval,
parliamentary, domestic and - govern
mental affairs.
Yuan Shi Kal and his followers aVe
hopeful of practical 'results. They are
taking Japan as their model. An attempt
to institute a parliament of any sort
would, however, meet with tremendous
opposition from the Manchus.
While the employment of foreign ad
visers is no new idea with the Chinese
in only exceptional instances has it pro
duced lasting results, because -. inferior
men were often engaged to advise and
were usually only half-heartedly • fol
io wed. Yuan Shi Kai proposes to secure
men of unquestioned abilities and -clothe
them with some real authority.
Prince Ching. president of the new Chi
nese Foreign Office,, desires that his old
est son should represent China at the
coronation of King Edward, and his ap
pointment as the Chinese special envoy
Is expected. .
Dawson Guilty of ' Manslaughter.
. REDDING. Jan.- 24.— Thomas Dawaon,
the aged ironmolder who' during v a
drunken- quarrel on October 15 last shot
and killed "John Carberry, a ' friend of
thirty-eight years' standing,- with whom
Dawson lived one mile - east ¦ of ' Red
ding, was to-night found guilty : of man
slaughter. ,V .-
The Dowager Empress
May Employ Foreign
Counselors.
The ball of alumni commissioned officers |
of the University of California at Golden
Gate Hall last evening was a success in
every detail. Everything was arranged
with the utmost consideration for the
many guests and due appreciation was"
shown by those present. Many Presidio
officers were among the dancers. As the
affair, was military the decorations 'were
patriotic in character. As a tribute to the
naval officers a miniature battleship, il
luminated with Incandescent lights, was
among the decorations. ¦ The initials of
Misses Lillian M. Breillng, Mae Nolan, Pearl
C. Haas. Irene Meussdorffer, Linda Priber,
Gladys Delzelle, Lillian Smith. Ella | Van
Kapff. Belle Herzer. Sadie Ludlow. Lillian Cur
ley. Lillian Lubben, Coral Gilbert. - Evelyn
Sresovich. Pauline Ryder, Daisy Hugglns, Vir
ginia M. Potter, Gertrude M. Coleman,
Edith Stadtfeld. Mae D.'Keeffe, Mabel Hamil
ton, Ida Purlenky, Miss Florence McCoy, J. B.
Adams, H. L. Cunnlneham. Arthur Meussdorf
fer, Wesley Clauson. J. A. Keller. Dr. A. T.
Derby, William Westerfeld. E. VV. Gordon. Otto
F. Schiller, Reuben Haas, Roy S. White. Harry
C. Johnson. Louis Haven, H. C. Sagenorn,
Alton Dayton, Percy C. Wlndham. Acton,Ha
ven. George B. Edgar. E. J. Brelling. David
Selby, Alfred K. Lorber, Henry C. Lassen,
Philip J. Eisenmann. Philip Heuer, Dave \V .
Wise. WilMam F. Hooke. Dr. Calvin W.
Knowles, Joseph B. Duggan, Ernest A. Lee,
Dr. Edward D. Keeffe, E. J. Ruggles, Ernest
Brand Jr., Frank J. OliverS Herman Herzer,
Henry Van Valkenbergh and Samuel O. Stan
yan:
evening. The cotillon was largely at
tended and many handsome gowns were
worn. Five pretty and intricate figures
were danced in tfie ¦ german under the
leadership of Sanford G. Lewald and Miss
Mabel Keergan. The following partici
pated in the leading set: •
University of California night was the
occasion of the large banquet at the Uni
versity Club last evening, it being the first
of the annual dinners arranged in com
memoration of the university and its
able men. One hundred and thirty-two
guests and representatives of that insti
tution were present. The dining-room
A delightful feature of the cotillon was
a. "military extra," with martial music,
during which flags were unfurled from
the platform. Electric lights were put
out and effective calcium lights were sub
stituted. The scene was patriotic and
impressive. Major Dolman .was floor man
ager and generally In charge of the ar
rangements. He was assisted. by Colonel
Bauer, Captain Millar, Colonel C. H. Mur
phy and Lieutenants McGee, Hatch and
Schilling. The patronesses included Mrs.
Benjamin I.. "Wheeler, Mrs. Irving String
ham, Mrs. A. O. Leuschner, Mrs. F. A.
Denlcke and Mrs. Walter E. Magee.
the association were also in electric lights.
Other electrical effects were employed. In
cluding the. figure of a large bear and an
electric fountain. ¦ ' '
The grand march was led by Major Dol
,man and Miss Kdith Perry.
WICHITA, Kan., Jan. 24.— Mrs. Ange
lina Anderson was bound and gagged here
to-day In her room and robbed of $1000
worth of diamonds. It was learned to
night that she was also robbed of $1590
in money. She came here a few months
ago and married an 18-year-old livery
stable boy who was taking care of her
'horse. She Is now sending him to a. local
college. The woman is said to be the
daughter of poor parents at Racine, Wls..
and the source of what appears to be a
princely Income is bothering the officers.
There is no clew to the robbers.
Mysterious Criminal Affair Occurs in.
tne Room of a Souse in
Wichita.
HOBBEES TAKE GEMS
FBOM HELPLESS WOMAN
The Eder Jai game is to take place this
afternoon at Central Park, and great
preparations are being made for the
event. The Doctor's Daughters are . to
have the entire proceeds. X "
Luncheons and box parties -will occupy
many of society, while others confine their
expectations to the thrilling game. He
served seat tickets are being sold at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, at $1. Admission B0
cents. In the event of rain the tickets
will be good the following Saturday.
This afternoon Mrs. "Warfleld gives a
party on Mount Tamalpals to forty-eight
friends In honor of her son, J. V. War
field, it being his twenty-first birthday.
Several chaperones will lend their pres
ence. The party leaves on a special train,
will enjoy a delightful evening, including
a. dance, spend the night at the hotel and
return the following afternoon. The af
fair has been so pleasantly arranged that
.every guest is looking forward with de
light to the event.
Among those who received yesterday
were Mrs. William Greer and
the Misses jaarrlson, 2423 Broadway; Mrs.
C. N. Elllnwood, Mrs. J. Parker Currier
and Mrs. George Grant Fra3er, Mr. and
Mrs. Lawson Adams. :
-¦¦ ¦ > • •-.-•-• . i- -•£'"
was elaborately decorated with flags and
colors of every university in . the world.
President "Wheeler , was represented by
Professor C. M. Gayley. Eleven speakers
were heard and applauded.
Misses Friedlander, Mr. and Mrs. James O'B.
Gunn Mr. and Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson, Edward
M. Greenway. Dr. Henry S. Greenleaf, U. S.
A.; Frank S. Glass, William* R. de Gruchy,
Henry W. Gibbons, Miss Margery Gibbons.
Mrs. C. P. Huntlnjrton, Mr. and Mrs. Tim
othy • Hookins, Mr. and Mrs. Burke Holladay,
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Huntinrton, Mrs.
H. S. Huntingdon, Miss GeorKia Hop
kins, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Hennes
«ey, the Misses Herrin, the Misses Huntlngton,
Harry Holbrook, W. P. Humphreys, Frederick
Hotalingr, R. B. Hine. Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Hubert, Prince and Princess Hatzfeldt. Mr.
and Mrs. Archer M. Huntington, Mr. and Mrs.
S. W.-Holladay.
The Mleses Joliffe. Charles W. Johnson. Cap
tain Frederic E. Johnston, U. S. A. ; Harry
Cecil Jenkins. . . . ; j
Miss Azalea Keyes, Miss Lucy Kinr, Percy
L. King, Joe Kins, Captain Koehler, U. S. A.;
Clarance Kemsff.
Colonel and Mrs. Oscar F. Long-, Mr/ and
Mrs. John Landers, Miss Pearl I^anders. Mies
Berenice Landers, Miss Llda Lleb. Misses
Loughborough, Lieutenant Jesse Gordon Low
enberg, U. S. A. ; George Loughborough.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Mills. Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. McClunBT. Mrs. Eleanor Martin, the
Mlc-ses Mills. . the Misses McClung", Miss Maud
Mulllns, Knox Maddox, Cyrus R. Miller, U. 6.
N.; Robert F. McMillan, Dr. William. A. Mc-
Vean, U. S. A-I the Messrs. Morrison, Edwin
McAfee, Frederick W. McNear, E. Turner
Messersmith, Mr. McDowell, Athole McBean.
Miss Hazel Noonan, Miss Nuttal, Miss Jean
Noakes. Mr. Noyes.
The Misses O'Connor. Miss Orndorft*.
Miss Sophie Pierce, Miss Florence Park,
Miss Edith Preston. P. Paschel, Orville C.
Pratt. Fred Poett. Roy Pike. Sidney J. Prlngle.
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Requa, Miss Louise Red
lngrton. Miss Kathryn Robinson, Mllner Rob
erts.
Captain and Mrs. H. T. Smith, Mr. and Mrs.
R. P. Schwerin, Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreck
els, Mr*. Monroe Salisbury, Mrs. Guy Scott,
the Misses SDreckols, Miss E. Sperry. Sidney
Salisbury, Grey Skipwith. John D. Spreckel*
Jr.. Will H. Smith Jr., Edward Sewell, Hugh
Stewert. N. T. Shaw.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Tallant, Mrs. A. N.
Towne, Miss Elsie Tallant, Joseph Tobin Jr.,
Edward Tobin, Mrs. A. Voorhies, Miss Voor
hies, G. Voorhies. Mr. and Mrs. Clinton K.
Worden, Misses Webster, Miss Lillian Wood,
Miss Marie "Wilson, Richard Drace White. U
S. N. ; Emerson Warfleld, G. N. Whipple, Mr
Wallace, W. Williams, N. T. Worden, C E
Walte, William F. Wood.
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club gave
their fourth assembly and german in the
new ballroom of the Palace Hotel last
CHINA WANTS
NEW WISDOM
CONGBESSMEN DEBATE
. ON PENSION MEASURES
Widow of Late Rear Admiral Philip
to Receive a Monthly
Sum.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The House to-
day passed the urgent deficiency appro
priation bill and devoted the remainder
cf the session to private pension legisla
tion. It then adjourned untU Monday.
The Republicans forced a record vote
on th*! amendment to the deficiency bill
to appropriate 5500,000 for the "protection
and shelter" of American soldiers in the
Philippines and sixteen Democrats voted
for it. I
Among the bills passed was one grant
ing a pension of $50 a month to the widow
of the latrf Hear Admiral Philip.
LONDON. Jan. 25.— The Dally News at
taches importance to a dispatch from its
Hague correspondent stating that private
South African dispatches have reached
military circles at The Hague to *he ef
fect that important developments are ex
pected in Cape Colony. They add that
the power of the Boers in the Colony ia
daily increasing and the colonists are
Joining the Boer ranks in steadily increas
ing numbers. The rebellion is constantly
spreading. • •
The executions of Commandants Lotter
and Scheepers have considerably excited
the loyalists and are causing even some
of the oldest of them to join the Boers,
whose position is more favorable than
at any time since the commencement of
hostilities.
The British forces suffered twelve de
feats from September to November, of
which no mention was made in Kitch
ener's dispatches.
Telegrams from impartial correspond
ents in South Africa have also been re
ceived at The Hague describing the pros
pects of Boer resistance as encouraging;
indeed, projects for the government of
independent South Africa are under con
sideration by the Boer leaders.
The Daily News, commenting' on the
foregoing, says its foreign correspondent
has hitherto furnished most accurate in
formation, but there is little doubt the
statements have been magnified by, his
Informants.
A. J. Balfour, the Government leader,
made a comprehensive denial In the
House of Commons yesterday of stories
of negotiations of peace with South
Africa. He declared that since the nego
tiations between Lord Kitchener and
General Botha no proposals having in
view the termination of the war had been
received from any one professing to have
the authority of the Boer leaders to make
proposals and that no discussions looking:
to peace were now proceeding.
British Forces Suffer Twelve Defeats
of Which No Mention Is Hade '
in Lord Kitchener's
Execution of Commandants
Lotter and Scheepers En
rages the People.
Colony^
Rebellion Is Reported to
Be Spreading in Cape .
Entre Nous' Fourth Assembly
Qnn iVoT 3 in"si'n Ic I qvcpo \\t
ctllU uUllllctll lo ijdlgUXj
Officers Enjoy
a Pleasant
Danee.
HERRERA'S
TROOPS ARE
DEFEATED
Beported Disaster to the
Colombian Revolu
tionists.
Government Troops Encir
cling the Liberal Army
in Amhalema.
P-c verses That Slay Delay the Con
templated Attacks by the
Rebels on Panama
Colon.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— In conformity
with the order of the Navy Department
the gunboat Marietta. Lieutenant Com
mander William R. Rush in command,
has sailed from Culebra Island for Colon
to look after American interests on the
isthmus.
Nobody is allowed on the streets of
Panama, under penalty of arrest, after 10
p. m.
Reinforcements are expected momentar
ily from Buena Ventura,
Suspicious lights have been seen off the
Pacora coast, northeast of Panama, sig
naling with the shore. It is surmised tha«t
revolutionists are trying to land there.
Canoes which have arrived at Panama
report that General Castro and bis forces
are at Las Tablas. Several Liberals
6een in the neighborhood of his intrench
ments have been arrested.
Captain "Willis of the Venezuelan revo
lutionary steamship L£t>ertador has ar
rived at Colon en route to England. Late
advices are that the Libertador is at Pu
erto, Colombia.
COIX)N, Colombia, Jan. 21.— The latest
advices from Buena Ventura and Bogota
report that all is quiet in the interior of
the republic.
News has reached Panama that General
Porras, one of the insurgent leaders, was
wounded on board the Liberal steamer
Padilla during the naval battle of Mon
day last in Panama Bay.
The Government is making proposals to
a. wrecking company at Xew Tork to float
the Lautaro, which was sunk In the same
engagement. Her guns have been salved.
Official advices from Bogota say that
the Government forces are encircling Gen
eral Morina's revolutionary army in Am
halema. %
PAXAJIA, Jan. 24.— It Is reported that
the Government troops . under General
Castro have defeated the revolutionists
under General Herrera near Agua Dulce,
No confirmation has been received. But
there is a belief that It explains why
Panama has not been attacked by the In
eurgents.
Eseeial Diroatch to The CalL
Rear Admiral and Mrs. Schley, the lat
ter accompanied by her maid, left for
Chicago this morning over the Baltimore
end Ohio in a priva-te car attached to the
regular train. The cars were decorated
with flowers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The President
has referred Admiral Schley's appeal ¦ to
the Xavy Department for "comment."
This Is the technical term employed In
np.val la-w to designate a reply, in the
nature of a criticism, to any presenta
tion. If charges are lodged against an
-officer they are referred to him in order
that he may "comment" upon them, and
hit reply is known legally by that name.
It is understood that the preparation of
this comment will consume about two
weeks' time.
Resident Sefers Admiral's Papers to
the Navy Department for
a Beport.
APPEAX OF SCHLEY
TO AWAIT "COMMENT"
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 24.— A. sharp
earthquake shock was felt her© at 10 min-
Otes past 4 o'clock this morning, awak
ening people from their sleep. A shock
was also experienced at Taxco, in the
State of. Guerrero, yesterday afternoon.
English-speaking' residents axe raising a.
large fund for the Chilpanclngo sufferers,
who are in great want and almost utter
destitution. The weather is hot and tne
people continue to camp out.
Earthquakes Startle Mexicans.
BEATRICE, Nebr., Jan. 24.— Nathan
TVoodring, a pioneer wealthy citizen of
Beatrice, shot apd killed himself "at his
country residence this morning. His doc
tors bad arranged to perform a surgical
operation for a chronic aliment, and
Woodring declared he would rather die
by his own hand than to submit •
Death Rather Than Operation.
Californians Celebrate in Chicago.
CHICAGO. 3aja. 24. — Members of the
Chicago branch of the Western Associa
tion of California Pioneers met at a ban
quet here to-day, given In honor of the
fifty-fourth anniversary of the discovery
of gold in California. Thirty pioneers
comprise the Chicago society.
LOYALISTS
ARE JOINING
THE BOERS
EDITH HUNTINGTON MAKES FORMAL DEBUT
AT BRILLIANT BALL GIVEN IN HER HONOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25; 1902.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONE STEP MORE
Will be fatal to the' sleep-walker. Will
he draw back or will he take the final,
fatal step ? A great many people are in
peril like the sleep-walker. They are
diseased. The disease i6 progressing
day by day. The time comes when one
more step away from health is fatal.
The man who has suffered from indi-
df&p. gestion or gastric trouble
Wf\ goes some night to a
/«r\j dinner and returns home
/ffifc/ft to find he has taken that
(/if A' Ym la«t step from health
M/mlj , which can never be tak-
m/ If en back.
\\^f%LJM. To neglect the cure
y*J Ili 1 nfri °' indigestion or some
&Ti I nn$& other form "of stomach
m\ ft t 100016 is dangerous.. It
i \ll 11 \\ is also inexcusable. Dr.
XjP I 3 Pierce's Golden Medical
Tjii j - I Discovery cures diseases
7// J °* *k e stomach and other
"111 I \ organs of digestion and
IkLI I V- nutrition. It purifies
<^SSayVJ the blood, stimulates the
.!.¦ .u..ja&»./^^liver. cures biliousness,
mi i?iiffimftawlpt' an( j eliminates bilious
poisons from the sys-
tern.
\ "The praise I would like
J nmnJ t* give your ' Golden Medical
J X&& &r Discovery ' I cannot titter ia
"1 fciSay words or describe with pen,"
1 E39 write* Jas B. Ambrose, Esq.,
J KJ of 1205 % Mifflia St. Hunt-
i '^ ingdoo, Pa. " r w * 8 takes
with what our physicians said was indigestion.
I doctored with ttae best around here aad found
so relief. I wrote you. and you advised me to
use Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I
took three bottles aad I Alt so good that I
stopped— being: curad. I have ao symptoms of
gastric trouble or indigestion now.*
It yon ask your dealer for w Golden
Medical Discovery" because you have
confidence in its cures, do not allow
yourself to be twitched off to a medicine
claimed to be w ju«t as good." but which
yon did not aek for and of which you
know nothing.
¦ You can get the People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser, iooS pages, pa-
per amis, free by sending ai one-c£nt
stomps, to pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr, 2- V, Picrfiq^uftlo, ft Y,
¦Jf THE CHILDREN ENJOY itfc
Ici^??? 0 " L;ife out of doors and out of the games which they play and the enjoy- '^V^v
)iJ/^xU>2t rnent which they receive and the efforts which they make, comes the C^V
.-•^\^ V''o$ • greater part of that healthful development which is so essential to their . cAl
: r ; r^£<T^*"i happiness . when grown. When a laxative is needed the remedy which is 'O^^s-
I f.f~j,/*Y given to them to cleanse and sweeten and strengthen the internal organs V^$rf£%
. if/ on which it acts, should be such as physicians would sanction, because its /• vtO*
I if component parts are known to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from Q^bsV
Iff every objectionable quality. The one remedy which physicians and parents, . •
\ff well-inf ormed,- approve and recommend and which the little ones enjoy, •/tv*^
' Uf because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action and its beneficial effects, is— Vv\/$»
tIq^ Syrup of Figs— and for the same reason it is the only laxative which should V^*V$£i%
.-?2\»^' be used by fathers and mothers. .^zxgtj&S.
?$)$•¦••' Syrup. of Figs is the. only remedy which acts gently, pleasantly and sSbf^CsEj
£t&*S, naturally without griping, irritating, or nauseating and which cleanses the
CjsfW^ system effectually, without producing that constipated habit which results fc^ *>)$<
< s£W<i&*~f\ from the use of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations,* and against 7^
V* v. ••£>' , which the children should be so carefully guarded. If yon would have them > i
elk •'? grow to manhood and womanhood, strong, healthy and happy, do not give V c4->y£
{¦'^•'ccj^I- them . medicines, when medicines are not needed, -and when nature needs V^Vi^O*
assistance in the way of a laxative, give them only the simple, pleasant and ' - . - — <
¦^^ ESSi: gentle— Syrup of Fig-s. • -"*•* \
¦O"$K0?ii Its quality is due not only to the excellence of the combination of the -^^5 /
/'^J/--^ laxative principles of plants with pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, but /^i.-*^/
-v.^V pi also to our original method of manufacture and as you value the health of
it} ¦f^'liB the little ones, do not accept any of the substitutes which unscrupulous deal- • • 0^ \ «
: %i '"^V" ers sometimes offer to increase their profits. The genuine article "may be P^.** V
V i •jA* * bought anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty cents per bottle. Please *$ k
V^- ¦*¦' j. ¦-¦ to remember, the full name of the Company— .. J\
OCT» CALIFORNIA FIG SYR.UP CO.— is printed on 3*r$d3
•V'0H;TV<X*SXj}v. the front of every pack- .
6VU»7.^vi<-*S'\ 3 a 8e. In order to get its Wvty/>^
yV^M A fiPft^ftV beneficial effects {t i3 *' tS-i^X Ai&^tt&S
;Crfv5£\"X:-Vv ••:..•>.'/«* ,iW ways necessary to buy C^i&rfr- C v-ilSsiL.-- *'•* — "*%"&>.SAX JOSE. Jan. 24. — The 6Ult brought by
the Union .S&vinc* Bank- against J. R. Welch
and . the members of the' depositors' commltee
for an. accounting- of the moneys received by
the depositors frpm the stockholders waa to
• day dismissed In the Superior Court, on mo
tion of piaintlfTs attorney. This is one of the
,c«ial eteps toward the closing of the bank's
•.ffaire. . '¦ : u ¦
BUDAPEST. Hungary. Jan. 24. — The Con
cordia flour mill has been gutted by fire. Th*
loss Is estimated at three million crowna. _V * ¦ •
and the courts decided -that our- ruling
could not be enforced." ¦ ".
"Well." Hill answered, laughing, VI
: was talking of what ought to be, and of
what I am willing and. anxious to -bring
about H these rates cannot be enforced
the law should be fixed so that it. can
be Cone." . . * ¦ ¦ ¦ . , .
Hill averred, In answer to 'further In
terropatlon in regard to the effects of
competition, that commercial war be
tween roads really resulted In higher
"They cut each other to the heart."
said he, "and patch up an agreement,
whereby everything is higher than ever.
The -rebate system is a part of competi
tive warfare, and you know the rates the
gi-nerai shipper gets thereby. He pays
the' freight which the large shipper has
dedgta. Roads are bound to hustle for
business and they -will do- much to secure
tl-e patronage of a large shipper." . ..
Hill was then. asked If any .agreement
has been made, express or otherwise, re
sr-ctinp the division of traffic or earnings
\vhleh involves the Northern Pacific; :the
Gr-at Northern or. the' Burlington. He
replied: "No understanding, directly pr
'""Or'wHh'the Union Pacific system?" be
V "^ne whatever," he' replied.
lie alBO declared, that to. the best of
hla ttcollection the Great had
never had a traffic agreement with any
"Vhlirman Knapp then produced a copy
of 'ti c charter of the Northern Securities
Company and asked Hill If he recalled
a provision In the by-laws declaring that
thf- right of a shareholder to Inspect the
books of the corporation ; shall be subject
to tho will of the directors. .- ,» T ..
1-llii said he was . not aware that such
a provision existed in the charter. Thg
commission adjourned at 5:10 o'clock with
: Hill still on. the. stand. .-...• ., •
Uay then asked the 'witness. if after the
agreement to organize the Northern Se
curities Company had been reached he
had- exercised -any control . over or given
any instructions to the managing; offlcera
of .the. Northern Pacific regarding its
operation. - -
Hill' replied 1 that he had issued 'no in
structions of. any kind to the officials of
tne. Northern Pacific. He declared that
he had issued no instructions to the offi
cials of the Burlington, but when they had
come-to him "for advice" they had re
ceived it. Occasionally he had volunteered
advice 'and ."thought"^ they would listen
to"it.'. : '¦...¦-.-.. <• •¦...- ..-¦¦¦ ...¦¦¦•. .-.-•¦••..
-The witness then entered Into a lengthy
dissertation on the effects of competition
as he -had observed It. 'Commissioner
Clements repeatedly questioned his asser
tion that competition does not lower rates
¦or -tend tolower. them, but each' timeithe
veteran'-' waived "his eyeglasses emphati
cally and reiterated .his statement. • : v.:
"The railroad is a sort of mercurial In
dication of the*Btate of the country tribu
tary to it," he declared. "If the country
is poor the railroad will' be poor. -A low
rate is. not- the result of 'competition; it
merely shows how lowia rate the railroad
can afford to gIve.:;Do you suppose that
man in absolute control of a railroad,-hav
ing no competition, could raise rates to an
•unjust degree and prospbr? Tha minute he
did soheiwould hamper the- commerce on
which his road Jived, and when he didthat
you would hear of the road passing its dlv.
dend. It is a principal, that a road; must
give the- lowest i rate it: can. Ialwaya do.
.. ¦ Is _ J t true; that before you purchased
tne liurlington you were proposing to buy
the 1 - St. Paul?'!-- '. ¦ ¦ "',.• .<' ' • ,
;, "No, sir. An offer was made about sell
ng the St; Paul and 1 simply told them
it could not' be done, for two reasons, one
because it was against the- law, and the
other that the St.- Paul gave us nothing
that> we practically had not before we
would buy it,". . ¦ ""
, "Yet, before a fixed price was 1 laid on
the St. Paul's ¦ stock were you i or your
colleagues not endeavoring to secure the
fat. ¦ Paul?" ¦¦¦•;:. ,' ,-.
! "No, sir; the first thing I heard of ¦ it
was. when an officer connected with the
Bt. -Paul asked us to take it and. I. told
him no." • • . -
Did Not Want the St. Paul.
mild weather. -We needed more than a
connection; we ¦ neeaea a connection
which -we could control. I was familiar
with the railroad situation. I Knew that
the Burlington reached tne prairies where
timber is needed, and i knew that by the
Turlington we' could have a cunn«ctlon
with tno ccal mines which would, put us
on sale ground in respect to. fuel. Fur
thermore, the Burlington couiu be pur
chased MOCrj a.'mue- eneaper than any
other granger - roaa, everything consid
ered. . a friend of mine, a neignbor. told
me that for a lumber market he would
rather have the State of Iowa than any
ether five States. Perhaps you can teil
me of a good road - whicn reaches -Iowa
points .better than the Burlington. I
Know of none." ' ¦ .. .
Day attempted to show by a long line
pr questions thar the real reason for tak
ing over the Burlington was to form, a
sort of trust, whereby
rates would be absolutely in the hands
of-Hih and his friends. To this Hill relt*
erated his previous statement concerning
the uurchase of the "Q." ¦
. He also dwelt on the paramount impor
tance of < the coal • problem in connection
with the operation of " railroads.
"We were," he said, "far from coal and
far from a market, for our- timber. We
were at the mercy ; of - a' possible •> coal
famine, such a famine as would be. exist
ing now were it not for the unusually
'In explaining his reasons for! the pur
chase of the Burlington^; Hill, went back
to the time when he. found it- necessary
to offer a low rate to the tlmberman of
Oregon and Washington' in order to get
loads for cars which had originally gono
West laden with merchandise. He said: R
"In order ,to put ourselves in a safe
position : we . had to . buy the Burliugtori
road; it gave us the market for our West*
era stuff that. we had to bring back and
it afforded us .a connection ' in thc*.East
with all the producers." •" . .-. . •
Reasons ¦ for the Purchase.
J. J. Hill took the stand at 2 o'clock.
Much time was consumed with routine ex
aminations to show his official relations
with the Great Northern, Northern Pacific
and Burlington companies. •¦' •.
Hill was questioned in regard to the re r
latlon of the Northern Securities Com
pany, the Burlington, the Northern Pa
cific and the Great Northern to each
other. He said that the Northern Securi
ties Company owned no stock in the Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy. Railway
Company (the new company), but owned
about half the stock of the Chicago, iBur
llngton and Quincy Railroad Company
(the old 'corporation). He explained that
the new • company was really a union of
the three lines. which formed the old com
pany and operated the latter by virtue of
a. lease. The half of the stock of the old
company not owned by^the Northern Se
curities Company, the witness said, was
owned by the Northern Pacific Company.
In the new company, he said, the Great
Northern and Northern (Pacific were the
chief stockholders, having issued a joint
bond to cover the purchase, price of -the
C, B. and Q. Railroad Company. These
two companies, as stockholders, elect the
directors of the Burlington. 1
"There were approximately 19,000 stock
holders In the old Burlington, said Hill.
"It was impossible -"to- ¦ buy" the stock,
amounting to about $100,000,000, in the. open
market, and another Plan -was adopted,
resulting in the sale of the property. like
a piece of re»l estate; j The Northern
Pacific and Great. Northern issued $216,
000,000 joint boijds to pay for It." ¦ . . ;
Hill's Views Are Heard.
The witness' averred that the Union Pa
clttc and the Southern Pacific were com
petitors, although he admitted that he be
lieved the Union ' Pacific controlled the
Southern Pacirtc. He declared that this
control could have no effect on rates, ow
ing to the existence of competition.
"A look at the map will show you what
this competition is," Stubbs observed par
enthetically.
Further . questioning by Commissioners
Prouty and Clements merely served to
strengthen Stubbs in his assertion that
the joint ownership of his roads had made
absolutely no difference in the mainten
ance or reduction of rates. • . :
"None whatever," replied the witness.
"There is a division of the orange traffic,
but this is due to the fact that about 50
per cent of the crop is tributary to each
line." ...
the oil and sugar traffic?" asked Day.
PRESIDENT OF THE NORTHERN SECURITIES COMPANY AND THE
TRAFFIC MANAGER QF THE UNION AND SOUTHERN PACIFIC
ROADS. WHO GAVE INTERESTING TESTIMONY YESTERDAY. -,>
DENVER. Jan. 24.— A telephone message
from City Detectives Ed Carberry and
George Sanders of Denver at Fort Collln3.
Colo., to-night Informed the police de
partment of the capture of a man be
lieved to be the one who on December 31
murdered Harold Frldbern, aged 15 years.
and assaulted his sixteen-year-old s.ster
while the latter wa3-*katlnc near their
home in this city. . • .
The prisoner answers the description
given by the girl of her assailant. He la
supposed to bo an Italian. " He was cap
tured in a cave twenty-two miles north
of Bellevue,. Larimer County. He had
taken refuge in the cave and when called
upon to surrender refused on the ground
that he would be lynched if taken to Den
ver. He tried to shoot 3anders with a
shotgun, which missed fire/and then drew
a pistol and" tried to commit suicide. He
succeeded only in breaking his jaw, how
ever. H« refuses to «rjve his name to hi3
captors. .. The man will be brought to Den
ver to-mcrrow. • '• " ¦ • • -
the Murderer of Young Harold
Fridbero.
SLAYEB OF A CHILD
.. MAY BE T^E PSI3O2TEI!
Colorado Officers Bslieve They Hav«
: SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 24.— Shortly
after 'midnight I rain began- to" fall in this
city and -.up to noon to-day .97 of an inch
had fallen. Prospects are good for more
showers. The rain has been. slow and has
done vast-, good to crops in this section
*Heavy enow fell in the mountains.
SAN ANDREAS, Jan. 24.— Rain has been
falling intermittlngly for 1 two days and in.
the mountains a heavy snowstorm Is in
progress. ' • . . -
: COYELO. Jan.- 24.— Rain commenced
falling at 12 o'clock last night. Grain ia
looking fine. ¦
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 24.— A gentle
-but steady rain fell all night, amounting
to v.8$ of an .inch, making a'total of five
and .a half inches, for the season. Enougn
rain has failento permit the planting of
t *.ropE. : * - - • :-. -. • v ¦ •, y
, WOODLAND, Jan. e 24.— Favorable indi
cations for rain have apparently vanished
Cereal -crops, however, are in fine condi
tion and larmere say the yield will be
¦good vrith . the; usual spring', showers.
Orchards and vineyards; may suffer and
there 'will be short crops where irrigation
is impracticable.
i SANTA ANA," Jan. 24.— Rain bpgan fall
ing here shortly fcifter midnight last night
and continued w5th only slight intermis
sions to-day. -The; precipitation at 7 .o'clock
this morning\wa|5 .65 of an inch, making
the total- for- the season's - rainfall 3.ia
inches. . • .- ¦ . ; ' "- ;
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 24.— Rain began
failing here at 4 o'clock this morning and
has continued almost steadily since. Ke
ports trom the outlying portions of the
county show that the «torm has been
viaeiy distributed.- The storm- will be of
incalculable benefit, especially .to^ stock
men. , •.- • . • ¦¦'¦ -- i
FRESNO, Jan. 24.— With brief intervals
rain ten from sunset yesterday to sunrise
mis morning. The precipitation was
.21 of an incn. the most tnat has been
had th's Eeason. An elevation of tem
perature accompanied the rain, which
will be of Immense value to farmers and
etockmen.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 24.— Much of the ap
prehension felt among orchardists, farm
ers and cattlemen of the valley over the
recent drought has disappeared. Late
Uaina PTe more -desirable tnan early ones.
¦* £ crtunateiy, the weather .during the dry
-tfpell.was cold and the orchards were
really benefited. The rainfall last night
amounted to .S5 of an Inch; total for the
reason. 4.35 Inches.
SAN, DIEGO. Jan. 24.— Rain, has fallen
in sfiowers all aay,. some of them being
excee-iingiy heavy. In less than a quarter
of aa hour. this. afternoon.—^. of an inch
of rain fell in this city and the shower
extended throughout the countjr.-thls side
of the divide. The total fall in this city
was .49 of an inch up to 5 o'clock this
atternoon, and it has been raining since
then. The total precipitation to date was
1.E2 inches, against 3.19 inches last year,
'l'nroughont tne mountains the rain has
b*«n heavier than in this city, being very
heavy at Descanos, Alpine and Cuya
ciaca. The same report'eomes from the
line cf the Southern California Mountain
Water Company's system. There is moic
water running- in the Jamul Creek, empty
ing into the lower Otay reservoir, than
it nas earned before in three years.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 21.— The first gen
eral rainstorm cf the winter is ended, for
tne present at least, and the weather to
;ii*ht was clear and cool. The rainfall
nts heavy enough to drench the ground
ELd it will save a large proportion of tne
M'ain crop already in. xfarmers already
M*s talkix.g of preparations to plow and
Lesin seeamg in sections where this has
r.ct Leen done already. The storm will
hurry pasturage, already started by the
recent light rain, and it will effectually
put a stop to irrigation. Enough rain fell
to readh the surface roots of the fruit
trees.. Reports from Redlands, San Her
nardino, fca:;ta Ana, Riverside and other
points to the east are that the rain fell
there as well as here. Indications are
feafd to be excellent in these localities for
more precipitation. -.The total • precipita
tion at. Los Angeles in the last twelve
cours~tfas LS'Inbhes.
HEAVY EADT.-m. SOUTH.
Lcs Angeles and Vicinity Get a Wel
. come Drenching.
"Is there no agreement between you*
and the Atchison road as to a division of
J. C. Stubbs, -traffic, manager of the
Southern Pacific and the. Union Pacific,
followed Miller. Stubbs stated that E. H.
Harriman was chairman of the board of
directors of both, roads, but that he was
appealed to only in extraordinary cases
Stubbs said no such cases had arisen
since his. appointment and .that he had
proceeded under -his general- instructions
from Harriman.. He said that rates gen
erally had been fairly well maintained
but that there had been demoralization in
Utah and Colorado. He declared that the
Southern ' Pacific : and Atchlson, " Topeka
and Santa Fe were competitors.
Stubbs Tells of Traffic Methods.
Darius Miller, first vice president and
traffic manager of the Chicago, Burling
ton and Quincy, and former traffic man
ager of the Great Northern, was the first
witness. In answer to questions by Day,
attorney for the commission. Miller stated
that the Burlington was absolutely inde
pendent in "its operations \and in tho
making of rates." •
"Have" you received instructions ' from
either Mr. Hill or Mr. Harrlrnan in. re
gard to making rates?" Day. asked. .
"I have received none,"- the witness an
swered. ..•;¦• .
Commissioner Prouty asked the witness
to What extent the Northern Pacific and
Great Northern were ; competitors,* and
Miller put the competitive traffic at about
25 per .cent. He declared that the Bur
lir.gton was not acompetitor of the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific. He said
the two northern ¦ roads , had made fre
quent agreements to maintain rates, but
said he knew of no penalty having been
imposed for violation of agreements.
Burlington Ndt f a Competitor.
Hill .and: Harriman both reached Chi
cago during the morning and Hill, accom
panied by Grpver, his attorney, came at
once before the commission.- .
It is the expressed purpose of the com
mission to discover If . possible what
changes, if- any, 'have- been created be
tween the. general. public and railroads by
reason, of "associate management" of the
latter.- Th« Commissioners desire to find
out if the community ot.interest idea has
affected the rate situation In a way con
trary 'to law 'or, as' claimed, if it is likely
to affect. the-.stability and. non-discrimina
tion of and -in rates 'for which the com
mission has long battled. '¦•¦•
Hill and llarriman Arrive.
Hill talked vigorously and earnestly. At
the close of the session, when Chairman
Knapp offered to allow Hill to leave for
New York if the latter felt that staying
in Chicago would inconvenience him seri
ously* Hill declared that his time be
longed to the commission and that ho »le-
Fircd in every way to aid ihern to the
extent of h?s ability. Chatvrnan^Knapp
theieupon paid that Hill would be again
called to the stand. to-morrow morning.
"There are some old mep-some very
old men — interest<ed-.in the management- of
the Great Northern," said he. "Two of
them are over EO and several over 70
years. They wanted to form a close cor
poration into which they could confide
their interests with the assurance that
the road would be managed along the
lines ¦which have made it a.- success. It
was to have taken over one-third of the
stock of the road. The plan seemed to
be a good one, and then it was proposed
to let ail the stockholders in — not alone
the few owners of the one-third, but all
of them. The plan met with approval,
and then it broadened Into the idea of
taking in the Northern Pacific also. The
reads have worked In harmony for twen
ty years and the change in the holder of
the securities would make no difference.
It can make no difference and will make
no difference."
Aged Men Form the Plan.
for three and a half hours before
the Interstate Commerce Commission
here to-day. In answer to questions tend
ing to sh'ow the effect of the community of
interests plan on rates, the veteran rail
roader declared that competition does not
lower rates, but on the contrary, he be
lieved that it advanced them. He de
clared that in the Northwest, where for
twenty years the Northern Pacific and
the Great Northern had been at peace,
where one road has agreed with the
other on rates and maintained the agree
ments, rates were lower than in any
other part of the country.
In regard. to the. purchase of the Bur
lington by the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern, Hill said that the pur
chase was a matter of necessity and was
not due to a "movement in line with the
trust idea." . ¦
He testified to the formation of the
Northern Securities Company, and in do
ing so gave a reason far more simple than
has generally been conjectured. :
/^HICAGO. Jan. 24.-James J. Hill,
// president of the Northern Securi-
ties Company and president of the
v^^ 7 Great Northern Company, testified
Object .to the Three-Qtiarter Clause
In Policies Covering Los3€S
by Fire.'
VIS\LIA. Jan. 2L— Nearly all of the In
su-ance agents of Visal'a to-day signed
the following letter, which was at once
forwarded to Manager W. S. Duval of
the Board of Fire Underwriters of San
Francisco;
VTe the undersigned Insurance agents of VI
ralia.' protest against the thre«-<;uarter clause
In flre Insurance policies for the following rea
£O p1r»t— Curing the trreat rate war a few years
ago Visalla did no cutting.
• «econd Vlsa'.ia has never bed serious flres.
Tnln j__We hav» one of the best Fire Depart
ments !n the State.
Fourth Our water - works system -is second
to none. have two separate stations that
nuirp direct into ths mains under fifty-pound
pressure, holding 120.000 gallon* ol water as a
reserve m cae* of accident. The .tank? *re pro
tected with flush pipes, rendering them safe
f Fifth— Tular* Is one of the fev counties in
California burdened with the three-quarter
clause It tne Board Of Fire Underwriters
want 'to convinc» the people that it is willing
to do what is right the three-quarter • clause
should be promptly removed, which will give
agents an opportunity to meet .npn-board com
panies on an equal footing.
VISALIA INSURANCE MEN
SIGN WBITTEN PBOTEST
John K. Wallace, paying teller at Swen
son's Bank, where Rice had an account,
and where one of the checks payable to
Patrick's order -was- presented, -was the
first witness. He identified a check for
$25,000, payable to "Aberf* T. Patrick as
one that had been presented to him. it
was the misspelling of the name Albert
that caused a telephone ' can- to- nice s
apartment, wfticn- resulted-, in -the.dlsoov
cry thnt the man was dead. The witness
said the check was- handed him for pay
ment by Short, who said he came from
Wallace told of the telephonic communi
cation with Rice's house and of the
covcry that Rice had died tne orevioua
day. Counsel for Patrick objected to
every question asked on this line on tne
ground that the witness could not testify
to hearsay evidence, but the • Recorder
overruled the objections until Assistant
District Attorney Garviff asked who an
swered the telephone. He sustained the
objection that Wallace could not tell who
it wa«. Wallace testified that he. had
never seen Patrick until the day the check
was presented. So far as he knew. Rice s
business was attended to by Jones, the
V *'In"to C ur 'opinion is the signature on the
check "the signature of William M. Rice?
asked the attorney for the prosecution.
"In my opinion. ' he salu, "It was not
written by Mr. Rice." ...
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— The taking of
evidence was begun to-day In. the trial of
Albert T. Patrick, a lawyer, on an indict
ment charging him with the murder of
William Marsh Rice in this city in Sep
tember, 1900.
Under cross-examination "Weatherbe?
was not admitted as an expert In hand
writing, as he could not analyze the sig
nature on the C5.00O check. The doubt in
his mind was more reneral than specific.
Weatherbee was still on the stand at ra
cess. -. .,.!"¦• • . ¦-..-¦
"The prosecution should not be allowed
to say that a murder was committed te
cause they think a check was forged."
said Moore, for Patrick. The Recorder
admitted the check.
Counsel -for the defense objected to the
admission of the $25,000 check as evidence
on the ground that tho defendant was un
der Indictment for forging that checJc and
that it would not be fair to bia» the mindj
of the jury by admitting it.
, "Thl3 check la one of the steps by which
I intend to prove the conspiracy between
this defendant and Jones," replied Os
borne.
W. C. Weatherbee. a clerk in the bank
of S. M. Swenson & Son. said he knew
Rice for twelve years. He waa asked to
tell of a visit alleged to have been made
by Jones, the valet-secretary, to tha wit
ness' home In Brooklyn, but this was
ruled out. Weatherbee said he had never
seen Patrick until the day the check was
handed In at the bank. He hao not known
Patrick to be connected in any way with
Rice's business. When Patrick called at
the bank he .saw Swenson. In the conver
sation that day Patrick said Rice's body
was to be cremated, as "the old gentleman
was a crank on cremation." Patrick al3o
said there had been, an understanding be
tween him and Rice as to what was to be
done -with the. proceeds of., the ctxeeka.
Weatherbee gave It as his opinion that
the fJ3.000 check was not signed by Wil
liam II. Rice. .
Testimony in Case of Lawyer Patrick, Charged With
Rice's flu rder, Becomes Interesting.
LAWYERS ATTEMPT TO PROVE
EXISTENCE OF A CONSPIRACY
,. "Out in: Iowa." he; said, "it was com
plained that the grain rate waa too high
¦We -went out there s and Investigated, and
discovered- that the complaint was- Just
aod ordered a reduction, a reduction to a
'reasonable rate.'i as you say. What hap
pened? The road3 paid ho attention to it;
v At this- point .Commissioner Prouty In
terrupted with a little story of the woes
of the commission.
Woes of. tho Commission:
The entire afternoon was devoted to ex
amining -witnesses for the defense from
Round and Big valleys as to tho general
reputation of. Robert Courtwright, one
of the witnesses for the prosecution, for
truth/honesty and Integrity. Many.wit
nesses were examined and without ex
ceptionthey testified as to • his. unrelia
bility. ; Some declared they would not be-
Uove him under oath. The witnesses were
questioned as to the reputations of many
of the men now imprisoned here, charged
with complicity" In^the" lynching, and. the
general opinion was that the men were
good- citizens. I The court would not per
mit testimony as to the likelihood of the
prisoners taking ' part in the . lynching.
Some of the witnesses admitted being op
posed to the prosecution, but they in
variably snid that this opposition would
not affect their testimony.
The usual small rows between counsel
and spicy remarks from the bench helped
to enliven the afternoon sessfon. The
form of Raker's questions .was sometimes
cbjectlonable and the oourt . accused him
of Injecting words into his interrogations
for the benefit of, tho jury. - ' < .
We have just granted a reduction In the
Northwest, a considerable reduction, yet
there was no competition to force it. -why
did we do It? Because it Is for the good
of. the people in our territory, and there
fore beneficial to us also. The public Is en
titled to a ( reasonable . rate. That Is the
law. and, the common law,' although I am
no lawyer, and the railroad's self-inter
est must grant it.'.' . - .• - - i
• .'.'But suppose the rate is not reasonable
from tho shipper's point of view?" asked
Commissioner Clements. ' .
; "Then he can go into court and secure
a reasonable rate." .
Trying to Impeach Courtwright.
Raker' attempted" to show that Couri
wright's reputation had been, bad and
said he was entitled to show it .was such
at the time of his testimony in January.
Post objected, saying he could show the
character of a witness only up to the
time of the .commencement of the alleged
crtme. . ' - > .• • • •
Raker — Once bad. always bad.
Th» Judg* — Your remark, Mr. Baker, almost
strikes jrie dumb and. blind. .. , ... -
A long argument followed and was still
on when reces3 wa3 declared.
Joseph Wilton, a caloon-keepcr of Adln,
was called to the stand and asked as to
the reputation of Courtwright for peaca
and quietness. He said -it was bad. He
admitted not having seen Courtwright for
fifteen years. ,
. Raker attempted i to offer exhibits of
certain pages of tho testimony of Myers.
An objection was sustained.
Judge Harrington sustained the objec
tion and a long argument foliowed. Har
rington ruled that it was a waste of time
for the defense to introduce the Grand
Jury testimony, as it was absolutely cum
ulative; that no d!screpahc!es could b>
shown in the statements, and it did not
tend to establish the fact not In evidence.
The court asked that no time be lost use
lessly in introducing testimony and said
that the Jury waa continually complaining
to' him of the slo-wness of the proceedings.
On re-dlrect examination. Raker at
tempted to read a portion of Myers* tes
timony before the Grand Jury and Po«t
objected, as- It was not admissible for
impeachment! that it was not proper re
direct examination. " •.
questioned as to the pistols which he
went into the. room back of the barroom
to secure on the night -of the lynching,
Myers . said there ..should have been two
there, but they. .were .missing. He sa^d
they were usually unloaded, anyhow. He
could not explain why he went after un
loaded pistols, except that he wanted to
frighten the masked men m the barroom.
Myers, said that after he went out on
the porch he saw Sidney Goyette. Erving
Carpenter and James W. Brown. The
men came up from behind him. -Myers
had previously testified before the uiand
Jury that they came up from the bridge.
He explained the- discrepancy by saying
he had had-time to think over his testi
mony and had come to the cone. usion that
ihey.cafme 'up from behind' him. •" Ihey
fired -some!- shots' and 'some shots' were
fired in the direction of the bridge. The
party adjourned to the barroom and tne
witness told Carpenter and Brown that
he- would not allow these men (the men
lynched, presumably) to be brought" back
to" the hotel. Samuel Parks and • Frank
Teterau came into the barroom about that
time. • . • ; • '• - '¦' ¦
Wagon-Spokes in Evidence. * .
Myers said that he saw wagon spoke3
lying on the porch and one in the bar
rpcrn.
Post Introduced the spokes, in the face
of objection hy the defense, and 31yer3
said they werd similar. Post then read
certain portions of Myers' testimony be
fore the Grand Jury and asked if the
witness had so testified; He replied:
"Yes; I presume I. did.'.' •
Cross-Examination of Myers.
Thes defense announced that it had fin
ished with Witness Myers, and General
tost, tor the prosecution, tooK up tne
cross-examination, fost succeeded in get
ting, an admission from the witness that
his eyesight was extremely bad and that
he might have been mistaken as to the
identintation of Trow bridge and Richard
Nichols on the night of the lynching,
though he felt reasonably certain In h.s
own mind that his identlncation of Trow
briage 8r., was perfect. AsKed if any
one had been' reading, the testimony of
the witness in tne jail or within h:s hear
ing,. Myers replied in the negative, though
he hag^ heard "his daughter's testimony
talked of by her husband and his wife.
The statement had been made that Mrs.
Richard Nichols, who was expelled from
the courtroom yestercay, had oeen taking
notes of the proceedings for the ¦ benefit
of the prisoners and witnesses in tne
case. . -; ' '. ' "
ALTURAS, Jan. 24.— After the excit
ing scenes : of yesterday the proceedings
to-day in the trial of James W. Frown
for complicity In the qulntruple lynch
ing in Lookou 1^ seemed .tame . In compari
son. -. As soon - as court convened this
morning Judge Harrington handed to
Clerk Smith a letter, Instructing him to
read It aloud. It proved to be a written
apology from Daniel Miller, who resented
in'sucn a violent manner the remarks of
Attorney 1-caK.er yesterday,, > Spencer ob
jected to . tne private correspundenco of
Juage Harrington being read in open
court and was ordered oy the court to
hold his seace. .. ••: ¦• •
•The Court — And what have you to say. Mr.
Raker?.
Kakef— About what? .
The Court— Your Insulting language and con.
duet m court, ¦ sir. ¦
i Kaker — (in a surprised and injured tone) —
Insult to the court, -your Honor?
. The Court — Yes, to the court.
Kaker — I have this to gay, your Honor: If
you think I insulted the court, I apologize.
The court let It go at that.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Frontiersmen Testify to the Bad
Reputation of Robert Court
. wright, a Witness Against "
,x- :¦:•. Brown.'
: itips .along- ;¦. the water front partially
wrecked and all business crippled- Is the
• record of a storm that -swept over, the
• city c-f pom the northwest between the
. hours' of 5 o'clock this, morning- and 5 this
afternoon. For more than -an hour- tha
. wind, which blew directly, into Uie. har
bor, Xraveled at a velocity, of forty miles
and was accompanied by.u blinding snow-'
storm that wrecked ¦ tne telepnone and
Uiegraph ser\-ice and caused an almost
«nurfc fcuspenslon ol -street railway tramc
too tar as is Known no, lives were lost, out
u is expected '-that.- •there were many
wrecks along the 'coast. During the day
ten inches or snow 'felt and- the" record ton
iugh wind from the northwest was
broken. The thermometer dropped 13 de
crees aurmg the day;* •
indications are mat the cold weather
v/Ml last several days, although the wind
has abated. It wul be a week before
telegraph and telephone systems are' in
• pcnect oraer.
LHiring the storm the Sound steamer
Greyhound and the K. D. Smi-thf-ia;
freighter, were driven together and the
iatter boat was sunk. The Gaibralth-
Bacon warehouse on the water tront was
blown down, causing $2000 damage.
TACOaiA, Jan. 24.— A heavy snowstorm
prevailed tor a short time tnis morning,
tnow tailing: to a depth of about' thrie.
inches. -Th'e-wlna blew a gale from the
.liO.cih, :preventinjr, jnost. of' the i*ugei
bounp vteamers jeaving port. . " ' .
1-OS3*. 1 'boathouse was wrecked and,
¦wh-arVes afongr the -water "front " \tefe
tlijrritJy damaged. Street car tratflc was
iT-Tipeced by Icy rails. The steamer Flyer,
bruke down on her morning trip and had
to return to Seattle. The regular -Olympia
eteamers are tied up here until the storm
•abates.
KIXGMAN*. Ariz . Jan. 24.— Rain, snov.
4r.nd sieet fell to-day. The moujicains are
mrcady covered by snow. Tne outlook
lor a big snow and rain storm Is very
promising^ . >
1'UK'l iCV.'XSEXD. Wash., Jan. 24.— A
fierce northerly wind and tnow js sweep
ing over this section and the straits of {
Juan de I-iica. Ail boats from uown ths
tn aits are a number OX hours overdue a::d
shipping is at a standstill.
I-UR'iLAND. Or.. Jan. 24.— Snow fell
here to-cay and to-nignt and the mercury
liii below the freezing point.
' PENDLETOK, Or.. Jan. =4.— The heav
iest snowstorm for many ytars is raging
mroushout this section and far back into
trie mountains.
¦ BAKEH CITY. Or., Jan. 24.— After an
uuptfecedentedly: -mild winter a blizzard
struck this section to-night. The whig Is,
blowing a gale, driving inesnow in blind
:ng sheets. The mercury, has dropped ' v o
2ero. Stockmen are fearful of trie' result.
La there are thousands of cattle and sliet-y
en the ranges. - - . , . \
""SEAVniE," Jan." 24.— A number "of small
boats- more or less damaged, many. builfi-«
s' ",, ; phone Systems Badly
' VV-' " *'.* Disarranged.
, V. ••.:.'¦¦¦;: sv- r v..'.. .:..-.*.'.. - - .
Buildings in Seattle Are Damaged
and the Telegraph and Tele-
Counsel for the People Cross-
Examines Aged Judge
¦ * ¦;,. /Myers.
-Missing.
•".Shipping. .'T- Men. Fear Many
'* 'Vessels Will Be Reported
Wane in War Talk in
Lookout Lynching
• Trial; • '¦
Marks Path
of Storm on Puget
.3'- v" Sound.
MILLER AND
RAKER GIVE
APOLOGIES
GALE BRINGS
BLIZZARD IN
FROM OCEAN
•:-:-¦,¦¦ ¦¦¦ v. .-:. ..•¦-.¦ :- .. -• :¦;.;¦: .: . -. . •.,.•-- , - .; v ::
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1902.
President of the Northern Securities Company
- Why Burlington Road Was Purchased.
HILL DECLARES COMPETITION
DO ES NOT LOWER THE RATES
4
NEW AJQVEETISiaiENTS.
"SCIEITCE SETTLES IT.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That
Saps the Hair's Vitality.
It is nefw a settled fact that dandruff
Ja caused by a germ. Falling: hair and
.baldness are the result of dandruff. Dr.
E. - J. Beardsley of Champaign. 111., got
hold of. the new hair preparation. New- -
.bro's Herpicide— the only one that kills the
dandruff germ. He says: "I used HerpL*
cido for my dandruff and falling hair, and
I am well satisfied with the result."- Dr.
J. T. Fujrate of Urbana. III., says: "I
have used Herpicide for dandruff with
excellent results. I shall prescribe Jt in
my practice." Herpicide kills the dan-
druff germ. Physicians as well as the gen-
eral public say go. V .
For Stomach Disorders*.
Gout' and Dyspepsia
.''•.,^:; drjnk
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
2SO BHOADWAY. N. T.
IbBOWN'S !>">«.
BRONCHIAL S»-
TDftnUCO and colds -
i iKiaJiyarX tox es only. !
'V^"fa^ Avoid laitatioai.
" APyEBTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY;
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^0^i
Very secall mad as easy
to lake as sugar.
see ; ' lrARTrtfQl F0RHEADACHL SEE
01111 LAW tKo for dizziness.
" SlTTLF FOR B1U0USHESS. nrv\u\W
GENUINE f ycR for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PIL L«* FPR COHSTIPATIOM. ;W
WRAPPCT JmJljS FOR SALLOW SKIK. WRAPPER
. <iIS3rUMJ11& MUST HAVE
. "FRI^TTESP O3ST RED PAPER." -
' ' /¦ ¦ •: .' ' ¦.,*:':• '
WITH ITS SIDES AND END OF PLATE QLAS9 5
AFFORDS AN UNOBSTaUCTCD VIEW OF TKS
SWIFTLY MOVING PANOHAMA AS THE j
13 SPEZOS ON ITS WAY FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO OVER THI i
i ' - «LEYTES, Del.. Jan. 24. — TVord was received
here this morning that an unknown two
masted ttchooner ls ashore on Hoc Island
Shoals, about ninety miles from the Delaware
Break water.
To-day it was discovered that on Janu
ary 2 the County Judge had privately per
formed the ceremony uniting in marriage
Rudolph de Luceney and Miss Ruby de
Luckhardt. as their names appear on the
records. He gave his age as 27 years and
she ,as IS. both making affidavit that the
Eirl had reached the age of consent and
that there were no legal obstacles to the
marriage.
It now appears that the law was violat
ed in both cases, for De Luceney has a
iiving wife, and under the laws of Texas
he is subject to criminal prosecution for
rsarryir.g the glrL ?
The couple left here the morning SLfter
their marriage for New York, announc T
log that they intended sailing for Paris.
EL PASO. Tex.. Jan. 24.— It has just
come to notice that Count Rudolph de
Presboist. who is alleged to have deserted
his wife in San Francisco and eloped -with
16-year-old Ruby Luckhardt. -was mar
ried to the young girl in this city on
January 2.
The disappearance of the Count and
the young girl created a sensation In
Southern California. It was not known
that thev had eloped together, but sus
picion pointed in that direction. The
girl's brother offered a reward for the
arrest of the Count, but all efforts to lo
cate the couple were unavailing.
Ececial Dispatch to The Call.
Mystery Surrounding a
Girl's Disappsarance
Is Cleared.
RUBY IS NOW
"COUNT'S" BRIDE
; Cotillon Club: dancers-f-Be sure and read
the Wasp :to-day. , =. : .. .-•<-,• ¦¦
¦•> -¦;> .-i— ¦ ¦:;•¦,'.; :. ;.¦ ¦,¦¦,¦... r
'-I Latelast. night the- Information was'Tre
celved that the Adler clothing stocks had
arrived. To-day 'the same will -be taken
to ; the Lyceum, « 915 •. Market ' street.v and
the unpacking of same will, begin at once.
No time will be lost.
Just in Time.
¦. The, War Department has ordered : that
1500 .recruits with officers leave" for the
Philippines on the' Thomas, which, is
scheduled to sail February ,1. Captain
James Canby has been • assigned ¦ to. duty
In- this city i as paymaster. Private'Hcc
tor; St. ' Louis, • tried for , desertion, was
found - guilty and sentenced to dishonor
able-discharge from the < army ; and con
finement at Alcatraz for eighteen months.
'News in Army Circles.
KRISHE— In . this ; city; January 24," 1902. Er
,nesf. L.: Krlshe.v deaYly beloved Aueband 'of
' Bertha « Krishe, . fatlior .. of ; AmellT and ' Wil
." 11am Krishe,- and brother of : Mrs. ."W. Scheef
i'. er j and ¦' John i and - Paul , Krishe, a native ot
¦.¦.¦.;'•"•-,"¦.'""¦¦ 'r ¦¦ :¦"•..:
¦;. C3T Notice of : funeral • hereafter. .'
REILLY— In' this city, -January 24, ;1002,,W11
>:.» llamJ.? beloved ; soil : of .the . late ¦.William I and
"•' Brlgids Reilly,' and 1 - brother of ¦ Mrs.*: A. ,Twy- J
.V. ford,. Mrs. ? M.\; Cunha" and i Mrs.^ K.'< McAfee?
¦'. a', native ¦ of ? Ban ' Francisco,' aged i 22 years ' 7
diei>:
* The season sale for ' the second ' series
of symphony concerts under theausplces
of the San Francisco ; Symphony % Society,"
which has been progressing all week' at
Sherman.-Clayi&' Co.'s, will -close; this
afternoon - at 1 5 o'clock. The subscription
list ; is large . and \ highly: gratifying : to ¦ the
board "of directors,\ although many choice
locations are still to - be .¦ obtained. . Di
rector .Paul Steindorff ~is carefully ' re
hearsing "his excellent.. orchestra, ..with
Glullo Minettlj as concertmelster. ;and ihe
promises threes, highly _¦. interesting /pro
grammes S at ; the ; Grand i Opera-house : on
the 'Friday afternoons : of January. 31 and
February. 14 and 28, at 3:15 o'clock,; the
usual^tlme.^ - : .- , •¦ ..¦¦¦'-,'¦¦¦
"¦* Among the | important symphonic .works
to I bo-produced ' during s the ; season ; are : the
Dvorak New -World; Schumann. 'No. 4, D
minor; ; MacDowell,: v Indian Suite; -Victor
Herbert.'i Suite r\ Romantlaue. :. , first time
here: i L.alo.'.sRhapsodierf Chebrler, 'jiis
panola,'.' newuTschaikowsky's Nutcracker
Suite and *-; Glinka's - VThe :.• Life/ for the
Czar." ?The?sale .of, seats for i the< first
concert 1 will begin next Tuesday ; morning.
Symphony Concerts ¦. Closes
•">.¦; This Afternoon. ; ,
Season Sale . for Second Series of
" Stickney is now on his way to Chicago
in charge of a detective, he having been
indicted by the Cook County Grand Jury.
Stickney Is charged with the. larceny cf
$S000 from a confiding widow of Chicago.
s The Grand Jury j examined several wiU
nesses in the case of the assault on Mrs.
Rosa' Kilbourn. The Investigation was
continued until next Tuesday.
The indictments, which were for grand
larceny, were placed on the secret file,
and Superior Judge Dunne ordered bench
warrants to issue, for the arrest of the
men. %
The Grand Jury. yesterday returned in
dictments against W. P. Carroll, alias
"Patsy" Carroll, Martin J. Lane, Edward
Sutton and Charles J. • Stickney, alias Fa
genbush, who fleeced AI E. Mellor out of
J15W in a faro game in the Palace Hotel
January S.
Grand Jury Indicts Carroll.
SIZE OF SITBSCBIPTION -y/ ;
LIST PLEASES DIRECTOK,^
- Committee ' of arrangements— I. D. - Dwyer '
chairman; R.' F.' Behan, R; D. Blake -\V * j'
Brann, James B. 'Coffey, . Anton Connlch j' e'
Cornyn, M. J. Donlgan. Thomas H. Fallon ' b'
H. Foley, Philip Lawler. Leo. - O'Neill, Georce
Peterson, A. A. Qulnn.i iEd Selenger •" -.'• .
- Reception • committee— Luke Carroll - j K
Cosgrave, August J. Donovan. Charles B - F"enn'
John T.' Greany, Eugene Ltckel, D. V Mahonev'
D." J. McGloln, '; J.f'B. Queen, -Edward -B
Thomas.- -,. . - V'... • ¦-'
Floor . committee — Dr. T/ F. Barrett, - W v A
Breslln,' Thomas W. Butcher, Matt Carroll Ed
ward J. Convey. Andrew J. Gaughran, Fred H
Jung, Frank A: McCarthy, Thomas G SdIN
lane, Harry Sprint. _ . t . -.. ." '. yu
¦"..The 'ball glve'n in Native Sons' Hall by
Ignatian. Council of the Young Men's-In
stltute last night was attended by many
of the members and their friends and. it
proved to be a very delightful: function
The hall was very, prettily, decorated and
a feature of the evening was \the music
furnished by an orchestra concealed be
hind a large bank of palms ands: ferns
The ' function was under* the direction of
the following committees:
Floor director. I. D. Dwyer; assistant floor
director, R.* D. ¦ Blake. •->.. .; . >¦¦¦ ;»¦,- -.¦
stitute. •
Social Function by^ a Subordinate of
the Young; Men's In-
TGNATIAN COUNCIL
GIVES A GRAND BALL
Adagio and ."scherzo from trio In E flat." op.
1, • No. - 1 • (Beethoven). Mary, • Susan and Doro
thy Pasmorer "Thou- Brilliant; Bird". (David),
Miss Beulah George; tlute obligato by Ellas
Hecht,' H. -B.- Pasmore, ; accompanist;' '.'Che Ge
llda Mainina" .' (Puccini), -Algernon - Aspland;
(a).'.'Ah! Kendl Ml" (Fr. Rossi), (b^'L'Addlo"
(Mozart), •! Mrs. Llllle.- A." -Birmingham; ..¦ (a)
trio," ."Schubert's: Seranade"./. (Schubert), (b)
"Moment ' Musicale"': (Schubert), « Mary, ¦ Su
san and Dorothy. Pasmore; recitation, selected.
Miss V Gertrude Joseph ; • '.'Fruhllngslled" / (Neu
man), Mme. + De - Seminario; "Maometto Sec
ondo"> (Rossini). Harry H; Barnhart; ''Staccato
Polka" <(R.' Mulder), Miss Cecelia Samiels; vio
lin solo,.-"ValseV ' (Ovide -Musin), John> ¦ R.-
Lewis ; : quartet from " "Rlgoletto" ' (Verdi), , Mme.
De '• Seminario, ; Mrs. • Birmingham, - A.*:' Aspland
and . H • H. Barnhart ;» Mrs. , K. \de - Mott A • Harry
Flckenscher, and H.' B. Pasmore.- accompanists.
The . benefit ¦ concert to h Madame Inez
Fabbri-Mueller, ! that Is to-be given to
the veteran artist on her seventieth birth
day "on Monday evening next at Sherman
& Clay, Hall,\ will doubtless attract '• a
large audience. It ] ls ¦: to ; be ; given under
distinguished . p'atronage and an excellent
programme has been provided. "The seats
are • now- on sale v at Sherman .& Clay's
music store.. ; The following . programme
will be given:" .',- - '
Fabbri-Mueller , Benefit.
A chambermaid found his dead body.
One of the gas valves on the bracket in
the room was turned fully on. Baker had
$103 in the hotel safe and expected to
start for the East in a few days. He was
a native of Alabama. 29 years old, and
had been a corporal in Company G, First
Regiment Infantry. U. S..A. He had seen
service with his regiment in Cuba and the
Philippines. On his person was found a
letter, dated ten years ago, from his
brother, W. C. Baker, Main, Hotel, Cor
slcana, Texas.
Albert M. Baker, a discharged soldier,
was found asphyxiated In his bed yester
day afternoon in the Windsor. Hotel on
Market street. Baker went to the hotel
three days ago with William J. Whalen
and Orris Callan. fellow soldiers, who
left for their homes in New York last
Thursday evening. Baker was affected
because of .the parting, and was very
much under the influence of- liquor when
he retired.
ippines Asphyxiated.
Discharged Soldier Who Had Seen
Service in Cuba and the Phil-
ILLUMINATING GAS KILLS
CORPORAL ALBERT M. BAKER
Captain G. M. Jessen stated that he en
countered heavy seas outside ; that he
had a sail on the : foremast,- and a heavy
gust of wind sent the mast and canvas
overboard.-: No one was .hurt - and the
crew had : little trouble in clearing away
the wreckage.. The passengers slept on
board the steamer \ last night. . Captain
Jessen expects to get ! away ' again some
time this afternoon. The steamer is bound
for Eureka and other ports. :"> v" r
• Thie North Pacific Steamship Company's
steamer Eureka, which, left this port yes
terday morning at 9 o'clock, lost her fore
mast when off , Heads' at i4:4O
o'clock yesterday afternoon and was com
pelled .to return to port. The steamer put
irTat the Vallejo-street "wharf an hour be
fore midnight. '-- '• .; ,.'. .. • v
Weather.
Loses Her Foremast While Off Bodega
Head' During Some Very Heavy
STEAMER EUREKA FORCED
TO TTTRN BACK TO PORT
Henry also proposed, that the caucus ac
tion should govern every representative
wherLthe same accorded with the declara
tions of the last national platform. - The
vote was taken first on Henry's minority,
propositions and they • were .defeated by
a 'vote of 17 to 92. The majority declara
tion '• was then , adopted : without • dissent.'
The Fitzgerald.. McCIellan and other, reso
lutions were laid on- the table, thus leaV
ing the majority declaration as the unani
mous sense ,of 'the Democratic: members
of the House. The caucus also * adopted
the following:- . " • •'
. "Resolved, That the territories "of Ari
zona: Oklahoma and New Mexico are en
titled to statehood and should be admitted
to i the ' Union - on ' equal- footing , with- the
balance of the States and we pledge the
support of the Democrats in the House to
such." " . '. • *-¦' ¦'¦'' «'-' ¦ ¦ '¦'- ' '.,''!-
It is not within ¦ the ' province of a ; Demo
cratic caucus to promulgate or reverse a Demo
cratic platform, but.lt is the duty j of every
Democratic Representative to adhere to the na
tional Democratic platform, until the succeeding
convention adopt3 another, platform. ••¦,:.¦
i The minority report of Henry of Texas
proposed the following in place of the
McCIellan « and • Fitzgerald resolutions
heretofore referred to: . ' ( , :>"
We are of opinion that, as the representatives
of our various constituencies and members of
the, caucus made up of Buch representatives,
we have no power or authority to construct or
promulgate a platform- of . principles- for our
party; that we cannot increase or minimize
the binding effect of the platforms of the party
heretofore regularly made and adopted by the
people In convention assembled - for that, pur
pose; that in the House of which we are mem
bers we • should vigorously and aggressively
battle for Democratic principles, and with equal
vigor and aggressiveness we should oppose
everything contrary, in substance or method,
t6 those principles and should meet every ques
tion as it arisen with. a full conference and a
solid and undivided front. .'
The caucus was an outgrowth of : ani
mated discussion nmong Democratic mem
bers ever-.slnce the present session of
Congress began, the chief issue being as
to the extent to which tho, Kansas City
platform should be reaffirmed or should
be superseded by a new declaration of
policy. It was to .receive the special re
port of a committee of twelve members,
appointed early in the session, that the
caucus of to-night was held..
The Interest taken -was shown in the
large attendance, 139 Democrats out of a
total of 153 being : present. Richardson
presented the majority . report, concurred
in by all of the.members of the special
committee except Henry. It recited the
work of the committee,, and closed ,wltn
the following recommendation:
WASHINGTON, \ Jan.h 24.— The , Demo
cratic members of the House" of Represen
tatives met in caucus in Uhef hall of the
House at 8 o'clock this evening, and after
a short but spirited contest, ¦ adopted 'reso-,
lutjons declaring that they were without
power to promulgate a platform of prin
ciples for the party,' owing to the;blnding
character of the ;narty.; platform'hereto
fore regularly made at. a' national con
vention. ¦ • -.'. • ..•'.¦.¦..¦;•"•¦¦¦>•¦¦-'•¦ : '-¦¦-- '•.¦'.•.
Members : of the Nation
i; al House^Disagree : ¦
in^Gaucus;^ ;
In I honor of Robert Burns, Scotland's
beloved poet, St. Andrew's Society gave
a delightful 'entertainment 1 last night in
Scottish. Hall, on Larkin street. The hall
was thronged with Scotia's lads and las
sies, and • the whole celebration was so
successful..that it will- long ; be remem
bered as a- memorable event in the annals
'of ¦ Stl 'Andrew's Society. -The .programme,
which" had ¦ been carefully arranged, was
particularly .worthy of the occasion, as it
consisted entirely of c selections • from,
Burns'. -works. The ' poems, ¦ songs and
recitations were all rendered in commend
able style * and ' with suqh spirit as ; to
carry, the minds of. those present back to
old familiar scenes in bonnle Scotland.
¦ •¦-Professor Andrew C Lawson'of the
University of California delivered an elo
quent, address on "Robert Burns." :He
spoke of the poet's lovable and happy
disposition; of his affection for children
and their innocent glee, and his insatiable
love for. nature. He quoted ' from Burns'
poems to show the sweetness of the songs
and the truoness of the poet's interpreta
tion of nature. ". Professor Lawson's ad
dress was greatly enjoyed and it was fre
quently punctuated with applause.
The programme rendered . was as fol
lows: v ,
Overture, ."A Nlcht Wl* Burns." Falwleve's
Orchestra; address. "Robert >Burna," 'Professor
Andrew C. Lawson,'- University of California;
(a) "Scots AVha Hue", (b) "The Battl« of Stir
ling," J. C. Hughes; (a) "Rothsay Bay" -(b)
,"My Boy Tammy," Mrs. M. E. . Blanchard;
"Tam'O'Shanter,"' James Smith: (a) "A Red,
Red Rose" ' (b) "MacRregor's Gathering," J.
F.-Veaco: (a) "The Maid o\ Dundee" ' (b)
"Comin' Thro' the Rye," Miss Millie Flynn:
"To a' Mountain Daisy," James Smith: "O
Wert Thou In tho Cauld Blast," Miss Flynn
and Mrs. ¦ Blanchard.
The committees having charge of the
affair . were as follows :
Reception :eommlttee-^John\ McLaren, Wil
liam NIodI. John M.. Duncan, Andrew Wilkle,
James McNab. '
• Floor committee — R. D. • Colquhoun, 'Alex
Nicholson and W. Z. Nicol. "
Executive committee — James«C. Fyfe, Wil
liam Balnaves and George St. J. Bremner.
Those whose names were on the peti
tion were not those who withdrew from
La -Vespero. • The opposition to the in
stitution of a new parlor in South San
Francisco ' was on the ground that while
one could live in that section of the city
there is • not ¦ room there for two. '
"Now that thj new parlor has been in
stituted, it is probable that the action of
the grand president will stand until the
meeting of the next grand parlor, when
the whole matter will be brought up for
discussion. There are some • who. think
they can find a way to bring the /matter
into; court and have the institution de
clared Illegal, y; '-¦¦-.
In accordance with a provision of the
constitution, the petition was presented
to each parlor in this city for consent.
In cities where more than live parlors are
located, if twenty or more black balls are
cast against the candidates for admis
sion into. the proposed parlor, the charter
must be referred. The result of the . ac
tion taken must then be transmitted in
detail to the office of the grand secretary
and no parlor can be instituted without
three-fourths of the parlors have glv^n
consent. All the parlors except La Ves
pero and Minerva gave consent to the
institution. The grand president laid the
petition before La Vespero Parlor, but
that body adjourned before a motion was
made to act on the proposition. The
grand president declined to resubmlt it,
holding that the parlor had had an op
portunity to vote upon it, but forfeited
its right. Then it went before Minerva
Parlor, last Monday, but that body de
ferred action until Wednesday. The pro
ceedings in the parlor were of , such . a
character that the petition \ was .with
drawn and the grand president, knowing
that more than three-fourths of the par
lors had voted in favor, decided to insti
tute the parlor, and she did.
Some years ago La Vespero Parlor was
instituted in Sou*th San Francisco ' with a
large membership, and all went along
well until about a year and a half ago.
when something occurred which caused
one of the . members to ¦ withdraw. She
was followed by twenty or more, an'i
these desired to form a new parlor. ' They
learned, however, that La 'Vespero Par
lor would oppose the granting of a char
ter, so. they organized a social club, hop
ing that. in time the feeling would soften
and consent would be gained. Permission
to. organize could not -be gained during
the. term of Mrs. Ema Gett as grand
president, and. when Mrs. Baker. became
grand president an application was made
for a charter.
Upon the relation of Mesdames McCor
mick, O'Day and another member of La
Vespero Parlor, of jthe Native Daughters
of the Golden West Judge. Murasky is
sued, an injunction yesterday .afternoon
directed to -Mrs. Genevive W. Baker,
grand president of the order, J restraining
her from instituting a new" parlor. An
effort was made to'serve the papers, but
none-' to whom they, were directed I could
be found, and last night the parlor was
instituted by the grand president, assist
ed by District Deputy Grand President
Mrs. J. A. Steinbacn, ex-Grand Treasurer
L>izzie Douglass, Mrs. Berry and Mrs. It.
D. Barton, in Barton Hall on Clay street.
There were twenty-three . charter mem
bers, and the parlor was named Gene
vive. , .' . -.' .
Native Daughters Object
to Institution of a ;
/ New Parlor.
Celebrate the Birthday
of Robert; Burns by
Entertainment.
Rabbi Voorsanger delivered his contin
uation lecture on the relation of religion
to - civilization at the Congregation
Emanu-EI last evening. He said that ha
would answer the two interrogations
which he submitted last week— first. What
had religion done for civilization? and
second. What had civilization done for
religion? The lecturer likened the church
of thousands of years ago to the mother,
and the disciples as the children who had
gone forth into the world ' and gleaned
fresh knowledge and learning. Still,- with
all the learning and new experience, the
children as years went on clung to the
mother, but brought home new ideas ac
cording to the worldly experiences that
had come to them. That civilization had
done anything for religion is a matter
that is sometimes denied since, by some,
religion was regarded as Immutable as it
possesses the attributes of God himself.
It is, he said, the aspect and not the prin
ciple that changes, for religion remains
the inspiration and the teacher. Speaking
of the evolution of science and art, he
demonstrated their gradual severance
from the church. They went their way
by a natural progress against which big
otry only will rebel. With -the going out
Into the world the mind of man became
wide awake to the avenues of the uni
verse. Curtain after curtain rolled «p on
activity, which was viewed with aston
ishment and created an appetite for men
tal progression. Man grew to have an in
exhaustible desire to penetrate the fast
nesses of wisdom.' Religion, he said, in
spite of herself has been carried along
by thje processes of her own children.
They had given her 4 new .inspiration.
Judaism, he declared, is an evolved re
ligion. There has been no religion grow
more than that of Judaism.
— ; — ¦ . -.
The Rev. Dr. Nieto delivered a lecture
last evening at the Congregation Sherith
Israel, choosing as his subject "Wisdom."
By careful and profound analysis he pro
ceeded to show that wisdom is a condi
tion that can only be attained through
practical application of knowledge which
had been -acquired, also through compari
son of that knowledge with the expe
riences of life as it is. While knowledge,
he said, only suggests knowing the
thoughts of others, wisdom is the experi
menting- which verifies the theories that
others frame. The lecturer then went on
to show that a man who attains wisdom
is unmoved by prejudices and is cool un
der the excitement which stirs others.
He is calm when attacked and faces all
conditions that meet him during life. with
fortitude and equanimity. "Wisdom ls a
precious blessing," said he in conclusion;
•it guides man in his daily business, ca
reer as it guides him in the duties he
owes to his fellows in his private life.
Wisdom prompts and upholds civilization
and is the foundation of nations."
Rabbi Nieto Says Wis
dom Is Strength cf
Man and Nation.
NO PLATFORM
FOR DEMOCRATS
Thirty-Five New Iroquois.
Thirty-flve new members were initiated :
last night at a meeting of the Iroquois
Club and a number more 'are expected, to
po in at the next weekly meeting. The
club will hold a banquet on Washington's
birthday at Delmonico's. Representatives
to the Iroquois . State Conference, which
is to be held in this city on Washington's
birthday for the purpose of laying plans
for- carrying on the gubernatorial, cam
paign, will be invited to the banquet. .
BRIGHT TALKS
AT SYNAGOGUES
SCOTS CHERISH
POET'S MEMORY
i The inquiry was postponed one j week,
but a resolution was adopted directing the
Auditor ?not to pay any more 'demands
for transcript work unless they, are coun
tersigned by the Board of Supervisors,
and also recommending that bids be in
vited for' printing... the transcripts and
briefs -for the City -'Attorney. •
. Assistant Deputy Auditor ¦ Leary said
that prior to the Botkin case the. demands
always went to the Board of Supervisors.
Ex-Auditor Broderlck had held up a de
mand about that time because it exceeded
the appropriation, .but finally paid it after
a court decision.. ' . ' -
;¦*. Former Chief ¦ Deputy ; Auditor Wells
testified that he audited the .bills on the
approval of the County Clerk. .-'Wells said
he thought hte had a right to ¦ pass the , de
mands. He had been informed by . the
Auditor's legal adviser that the approval
of the demands was purely ministerial.
.•.Former; County. Clerk Deane said that
ho had 'understood 1 ; that the printers were
charging 90 cents a' page for the .work.*
. The committee objected to. the charge of
$S64 50 for printing . S13 pages, .but . G rattan
Phillips, 'Who printed the transcripts, held
that the amount : of * work ' warranted ¦ th6
charge. / ' Another ,bill -of $451 80 ' was for
251. pages,^ and at -the regular rate of 90
cents a ' page ; the . bill . should .'have ' been
$225 90. • j Deane .. said j that ¦' he had always
made an - inquiry -when a j demand 'seemed
excessive, ; but -could '-not . recall .under
what 'circumstances the -apparent' exces
sive: charge; had 'been justified.'.' ¦ ' •
,Av number of witnesses were summoned
and Chairman Brandenstoin conducted an
inquiry,' with, a '.view, to showing that the
charge for printing the transcripts was
excessive. ' • . ' ¦ '. . ' • : '¦- - :
The Supervisors* Finance Committee be
gan an. investigation last night Into the
overdraft' on; the fund set aside for print
ing transcripts of, appeal. ¦ The appropria
tion for the year 1901-1902 was $2500 and
demands aggregating J33S3 15 have already
been paid out by the former Auditor and
Treasurer. , ' > V " Y : %
SEEK TO ENJOIN
THE PRESIDENT
The board had citedra number of con
tractors to appear who had I asked~ for ex
tensions of time, believing that Mayor
Schmitz would be present at the meeting.
The Mayor was unable to attend, how
ever, so the contractors received a "mild
lecture and were .cautioned to be mor?
particular about completing their con
tracts within the time first agreed upon,
as no further extensions will be granted.
The board appointed Louis Meehan, Ed
ward J.Dalton and Francis Moran watch
men, and James H. Barry,' David , Cor
coran and Patrick H. Shanly bridge ten
ders. . " ,
[ George McGinn stated that he had se
cured the signatures, of one-half of the
property~owners of frontage on the. block
and as ¦ the improvement company had
tho ether half tne application was denied,
as it requires a majority of the property
owners '.o agree to the work. Some of the
names figured on both applications. : -
. McDonald then charged that fraud ls
being committed in securing signatures'
for» private contracts. He said that the
system was. unfair to the property owner,
the contractor and the city. In . many
cases solicitors bringing in private con
tracts make special arrangements where
by rebates are agreed upon. When the
contractors attempt to collect the full
amount of their bills the agreements for
rebates are produced by the property own
ers. " ¦ •
McGinn replied by charging that Mc-
Donald's solicitors indulged In the rebate
practice. McDonald did not ¦' deny . this,
but reitefated that private contracts
should be done away with. ¦ He . said ¦ the
Board of Public Works ; should ¦ have all
street work done by public contract.- As
there is an ordinance on the subject no
such action could be taken, but hereafter
signatures to applications for private con
tracts will be closely examined. ¦ ' c
J. W. McDonald addressed the Board of
Public- Works yesterday inoppositlon~to
the manner in which private contracts arc
entered into for the repairing of streets.
The matter came up on the application of
the City Street Improvement Company,
of wlilcn McDonald, is president, to repave
the roadway of Green street, between
Fillmore and Stelner.
There is some foundation for .the gossip
that John C. -Wray of Los Angeles had
handed In his resignation as a deputy in
the United "States internal revenue-ser
vice. Wray's official conduct was the sub
ject of investigation, but his friends as
sert that- the inquiry ; recently made : by
Special Agent Thomas had no bearing on
Wray's offer to resign. The true ,story
is said to be -that •.Wray,- ,¦ feeling, that his
own departure from: the office-holding fold
might prolong the- term' of his chief, John
C. Lynch, readily offered to sacrifice him
self, but that Lynch would, not;accept the
sacrifice. .. • " r
Nearly all of j the office-holders of the
present State regime are. candidates . for
another term. The candidacy of Governor
Gage has not been distinctly announced,
to the public, but his desire for re-election
is so well understood in office-holding cir
cles that much work in his behalf /is >un-'
der way. lieutenant. Governor fteff does
not manifest* an inclination for another
term. E. P.,"Colgan, Controller; I Charles
F. Curry; Secretary: of. State;. Truman
Reeves. Treasurer; Tirey L.. Kord. /Attor
ney General; A'. 1 J. Johnson, State Printer,
and iThoraas J. Kirk, Superintendent or
Schools, will ask for renomination. '-
Word comes from San Bernardino Coun
ty that Treasurer Reeves' candidacy for
another term is somewhat complicated by
the efforts of A. C. Kendall to get on: the
ticket as candidate for. the State Board
of Equalization, to succeed T. 0. Toland.
It fs hinted that San Bernardino could not
reasonably expect to get' two such im
portant nominations from the .Republican
party as State Treasurer and member of
the State Board of equalization.
Frank C. Jordan, County Clerk of Ala
meda County, is an out-and-out candidate
for clerk of the Supreme Court. .The cler-'
ical force under. George ;W. Root, the
present clerk of the Supreme Court, will
doubtless .present a candidate: for the Re
publican nomination, but Root himself
will hardly have the temerity to ask the
Stale convention for an indorsement. ; The
delegates may consider the. difference be
tween Root and a 'deputy -in* sympathy
with Root as very slight indeed. -
Board of Works : Lectures
Contractors About Time.
Extensions.
Why Wray Offered to Give
i ;. •¦¦•' Up His Job in the Rev
enue, Office.
Recommend That in Future
Bids Be Invited for the
Printing. ;
Appeal.
Supervisors * Scan Bills
for Transcripts on
J. W. McDonald Declares
the System Savors
of Frau<i
Nearly All. S tat e Office-
Holders Are Seeking
Renomitiatibn.
CLAIM DEMANDS
ARE EXCESSIVE
SCORES PRIVATE
CONTRACT PLAN
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXI^; SATUKDA Y^ .¦ J A;JN U AEY 25; 1902.
5
Throughout a great nation of eighty million
it ls a desperate struggle to secure even a rec-
ognition for a new erticle, to say nothing of
achieving popular favor, and yet within one
A New Catarrh Cure Secures
National Popularity in Less
Than One Year.
REWARD OF MERIT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GORORRHQSA AND PBINART DI3CHAKQS3
A CURE -IN 48 HOURS.
visit' D R . J ORDAN'S grcat d
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
- ' CjB ' ¦ 1031 1USZ^ ET SI - - 8i - 6i*7±. s.r.cii. i :
,C?^ . The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
»^3«&k t orld - W«»kne»es or t injr contracted i |
S&SSvi **e«e p«>Bltl»^ly cared hy the oldest '
«ff*t?tl bpeci * list on the Colst - Est. 36 years. Q
fl*^[» DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
I«^B Consultation free and stiktly priyite. \
M *"QT H Treatment . personally or by litter. A M
S * -"! 9 'f"iUw* Curt in eirery case undertaken. .\
M/ I A" -Writefor Bool. PniLOSUPBYaT A
•I I H4RaiAGE, MAILED FREE. <AT
- (J . t|r >- valuable book for mm) -. : '¦' \
DC JORDAN & CO.; 1051 Market St. 8. P. V
FENN¥f?PYAL PILLS
'^ sf} S 01 *»"•»«*«¦ Take ¦« «th«r. Bcfttxt
Tn *^ Til '^"Ceron* sulxtltiirJaM* ud lmlt*.
I I 7 VS .**•¦¦• B °T •' y°» r O"«ut. « tnt 4*. la
V9* ft* »"<l"ReH<rfoi>L«4l«»,"»UH»,!./r*.
.-A. >" L* tar* Moll. 1 n.Ooo Te.ilmoni»li. Saldky
¦ ' T--^ •" D">S*»"- Chl«he, t er Ch«ml«il Co,
ICnUw thia j»p.r. M«dls«m t^uare. raXLA, PJu
DR. & CO.
fmf^v\ SP£CIAUSIS F0R MLN>
L^S es'e \ Established 18S1. Con-
I* V* .^**.r '} sultation and private book
I vJ^'>jjrt -*/ free at'officeor by mall.
\ r'Qfcsf^? / Cures cuaranteed.
\^^*/ 731 MARKET ST.
N.2ii^ SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
ffeeH? Can $L00 oer Year
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
_ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Se!ls on its own merits.
• ¦¦ N ABER. ALFS tt < BR U.VE, . Agents.
333 Market St.. S. F. — I Send for Circular*.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
l modeled and renovated. * KING. - WARD &
CO. * European plan.. 'Rooms, ,50c -to $1.60 day;
$5 ; to $8 : week ; $S , to $20 : month. ¦ Free baths ;
hot .and ¦ cold .water every ' room; fire grates , in
every 'room: : .leva tor 'runs all nisht.
Dr. J. J. Reitiger of Covington, Ky.. says: "I
ruffered from catarrh in my nead and throat
*very fall, with stoppage of the nose, and irrita-
tion in the throat, aftectlns my voice and often
«-::tenflin(r to the stomach, causing, catarrh of
the stomach. I bought a 50 cent package of
. u /1.'" Catarl ' n Tablets at my druggist's, car-
ried them in my pocket and used them faithful-
ly, and the way in which they cleared my head
?nd throat wan certainly remarkable. I had no
.catarrh last winter and spring and consider ray.
pelf entirely free from any catarrhal trouble." -
-Irs. Jerome Ellison of Wheeling, W.-Va.,
V T , : J} suffered from catarrh, nearly my
. ~ e> .. cnd lasl wlnte «" wy two children
also Buffered from oatarrhal colds and sore
throat so much they wen? out of school a larre
portion of the *rlnt*r. My brother, who was
oured of catarrhal deafness by usinc Stuart's
at f I ?^M abietS< -, UrBC<1 me t0 lr r thera ¦« »uch
that I did so and am truly. thankful, for what
they have done for myself and my children
I always keep a box of the tablets In the house
and «t the first appearance of a cold or sore
throat we nip It in the bud and catarrh is no
lonper a. household affliction with us." •
Kull eized packages of. Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are sold for 60 cent* at all druggists.
Bend for book on cause and cure of catarrh"
rnallcd free. Address, F. " A. Stuart Co.,Marl
•hail. Mich RMttffifiHHRMMHmaMsaBriA
necessary in the first instance to bring the rem-
edy to the attention of the public, but every one
farr.lHar with the subject knows that advertis-
ing s.lcne never made any article permanently
success* ul. It must have in addition ' abso-
lute, undeniable merit, and this the new ca-
tarrh cure certainly possesses in a marked de-
gree. -
Physicians, who formerly depended upon In-
halers, sprays and local washes or ointments,
now use Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,- because, as
one of the mo6t prominent stated, these tablets
eortain in pleasant, convenient form all the
rtally efficient catarrh remedies, such as red
£vm, blood root and similar antiseptics. •
They contain no cocaine nor opiatf. and are
piven to little children with entire Safety and
benefit. *,>-.'
yter Etuart'e Catarrh Tablet*, the new catarrh
cure, has met with such success that to-day It
can be found in every drug etore throughout the
United States and Canada.
To be sure, a large amount of advertising was
.. ••¦•".-.•.• ¦ • < $\ . ¦
Skeens Painless Slrlctaro Cur* eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
start, allaying inflammation tad enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lest Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
positively guaranty s a" thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, aad It costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting book. "An Honest
Talk;' containing maay testimonials, also, a
PPFP* 15 DAYS'
r TV*- & TRIAL TREATMENT.
D.A.SKEEHCO.mAtIasBanKBldg.,CInc!nnatI l a
UP-TO-DATE PEOPLE
It's. more economical, too— and the goods
last longer.
No saw edges. »•
Are not with the work of-th«
old-time, .careless washwoman. They
patronize the United States Laundry,
where they get first-class laundry work-
linen done up with just the right finish..
Oakland Off lc»— 54. San Pablo Avo.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSU
Office 1004 Market Str««:
Telephone— South 42O.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
ADVER'vISEMENTS.
THE TRICK
WXWl TRICK may involve deceit or it may
lllP be a display of peculiar skill. There
M0£*\ is deceit in some soaps, but there is
none in Ivory Soap; it is a display of pecu-
liar skill. It will stand any test and can be
relied upon to do all that is claimed for it.
IVORY SOAP IS 99 4^» PER CENT. PURE.
cwmiiir mi *y tmc nktu • aauair eo. emenmn
Some Sensible Advice to Women by
Mrs. E, Sailer, .
President iGerman Belief Association, Los Angeles, OaL
¦ • .. ¦ -* . • ¦ - /
;;.;",' Owing to modern methods of living, not one woman in a thousand ap-
proaches this perfectly natural change without experiencing a train of very-
annoying and sometimes painful symptoms. - ¦
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending 1 the blood surging 1 to the heart until it
seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, sometimes with chills,
as if the heart were going to stop for good, are only a few of the symptoms of
a dangerous nervous trouble. The nerves are crying out for assistance. The
cry should; be heeded in time. Xydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, was prepared to meet the needs of woman's system at this tryinjr
period of her life, and all women who use it pass through thiB trying period
with comfort and safety.
- - - ¦¦ ¦;-¦/¦. • ' ¦ . .
"Deab 'Mrs. Pinkham:— When I passed through what is known
as 'change of life,' I had. two years' sufferings — sudden heat, and as
quick chills* -would pass over me ; my appetite wa3 variable and I never
could tell tor a day at a time j how I •¦.¦would feel the next day.- Five
bottles of L<ydia E. Pinkham's "Vegetable Compound changed all
that, my days became 'days of health, and I have enjoyed every day
since,— now six years. ">lo! -
""We have used considerable of your Vegetable Compound in our
charitable work, as "we find that to "restore a .poor mother to health so
she can support herself and those dependent upon her, if such there be,
is truer charity than to give other aid. You have ray hearty endorse-
ment, for you have proven yourself a true friend to suffering women."
— Mrs.. E. Sailer, 736i Hill St, Los Angeles, Cal.
When one stops to think about the good Mrs n Sailer, derived from Mrs.
Pinkham's. advice end medicine, it seems almost beyond belief yet it is all
true as stated in her letter published above at her own request.
Ko other medicine in the world has received such widespread
and unqualified endorsement. Refuse all substitutes. ;
As a matter of positive fact Mrs. Pinkham has on file thousands of letters
from women who have been safely carried' through that danger period
" Change of Life." Mrs. Sailer's cure is not an unusual one for Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine to # accomplish.
, No other person can give such advice to women ¦who
are sick as can Mrs; Pinkham, for none have had such a great
experience — her address is Lynn, Mass., apd her advice free— if
you are sick write her— you are foolish if you don't.
ApAAA REWARD. — We hare deposited -with tho National City Bank of Lrnn, ISDOoTI
HT WlS III will be paid to any person who can find that the aboTe testimonial letter I
rTb. B SI ls not Konalae, or was published before obtaining tho writer's special per- I
WtfUtf mission. Lydla E. Pinkham Medicine Co.. Lynn, Mass. ja CORONATION 'Cf: STONE V, Subscriber,
City.T-.What' is known ;'a's the -coronation
stone. was also called the Xia'Fail or.Fa
tal ', Stone.' ,: It '¦ was used 1 by - the Kings of
Munster, i; and it was upon this stone that
they;.were crowned. , \It .was : deposited In
the ?cathedral of /: Casheli' ; formerly the
metropolis^df those kings. -.Tradition has
it -.that", Fergus,-, a prince of the royal line,
having., obtained v the Scottish'! throne In
513, procured the ; use ; of , this stone for his
coronation at Dunstaffnage, . where it" re
m'alnecyuntiltthe\time"; of ..'• Kenneth:; II,
;whQ removed it; to; Scone,.. and; 1296 it - was'
removed ; by » Edward I from that place . to
Westminster, 1 . the v present •-. coronation
chair. being- made to .receive -it. ¦- ¦.-,.- ;-'.-.. :
During the last few days, in the midst of political
fctorni and stress, removals and reprisals, in the City
Hall, and all the hubbub of municipal distress, some
people have wondered what Mayor Schmitz' would
do if he cidn't have a Ruef over him. .
In his recent attack'upon modern art Kaiser, ,Wil
helm is reported to have .said, among other things',
that it is characterized by too much "advertisement";
and while we do not pretend to know, What' he meant,^
nor whom he Was roasting, it is safe. to say that if the '
art had , no advertisement it wouldn't pay \ arid ) \ the '
Kaiser v wouldn't buyvlt. . v %. » :
A - BILLION— Subscriber,- Napa, Cal.. Ac
cording to' English numeration, a : billion
is a 'million; of /millions;; in / the". United
States, France and many r bthier continen
tal nations it is a thousand millions.
Eastern critics are finding fault with Mr. Schwab's
denial of the report of his gambling and breaking
the bank at Monte Carlo. It will be remembered he
denied that he had engaged in "sensational" gam
bling, and the critics are now demanding a definition
of his idea of what constitutes the sensational in the
way of bucking the tiger. '¦
The two {parties who are just now glaring/ most
Republican /and the': Dembcratic^vbut^the. men who
wish; to ireduce the revenue "to : the : level.; of.' the; pres
ent, rate of expenditure' and those? viho wish Jto raise
expenditure by: liberal, appropria'^ns to : the ¦level of
theancomeJ: •".• '' - . iJv^^KW^k^y*;;" : ,
i WAS AD VERSE— Subscriber, City. . The
official verdict, of' 'the; Prussian War Of
flce.in 1894 was adverse, to ; the adoption of
the /"'bullet ; proof "v'culrass ' invented by
Herr Dp-we,' the. Mannheim tailor.
WARD McALLISTER-Enq., City.
Ward McAllister, who ; was a prominent
leader : of i'New . York City society, died in
that city on the31st of January, 1895..-
, RAILWAY COMPANY— F., City. For a
position ; with the^ Market-street Railway
Company . make I application " at the com
pany's office, on Second street. :' ."
MSWMSTO OOBBESPpNDENTS.
NEW- YORK, ," Jan. 24.— The • following
Californians f have) arrived-; at the hotels:
From Ban Francisco— S.T. Bernard, H.
L. Johnson and .wife, C. H. Johnson and
wife and. S. Bare, at the Herald Square;
Ji Barth and S."-W. Sallefb'erg, at the Im
perial.' '.'¦ ,. . ¦¦¦
From.- Los Angeles— Mrs. Fletcher anil
M. Isaacs; at the Cadillac; Bishop J. II.
Johnson, at the Park Avenue. *
i From , San; Jose— J...C. {Aihsley, at the
Broadway Central. . /' ., -\. .
Cal^fornians in New. York.
A GHANCE TO SMIL Br-
: . ¦-. . . ..~~ «... ., " - , - ' — -• ..- -
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend-'s. •
CaL Glace' Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend**.*
' Townsend's California glace fniita,' 50c a
pound, In . fire-etched • boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend3.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Minister— I am sorry I didn't. see you at
church yesterday, Tummas.
Tummas— "Weel, ye see. it was siccan a
wet day it wisna fit taeturn out a" dog In.
But I sent the wife, sur.— Tit-Bits.
"I see that $50,000 in counterfeit railway
tickets was recently found in; the posses
sion of some St. Louis ticket brokers."
"They ought to be good for passage one
way to the nearest State prison."-^Cleve
land Plain Dealer. ¦
"Let's see. The State motto of Pennsyl
vania is, >' Virtue, Liberty and Independr
ence,' isn't it?" : : • ¦ ¦'. -
"liot quite. The motto complete is:
'Virtue, Libertyy'and Independence — When-
Satisfactory to Quay.' "—Chicago" .Record
Herald. ;-¦ ::V :..<>.,•:¦
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The industry itself is amply large enough to jus-,
tify its representation in the Cabinet. : There is
scarcely a State or Territory in the.. Union that has
not more or. less interest in mines, and fn many of
the States these interests 1 are of immense propor
tions! The mineral output of the_ United States in
1900 approximated the [rvalue of $1,700,000,000, and it
is certain to increase with the years.. In: California
the industry in its present magnitude and in its pos
sibilities is second to ¦ rio other., Our delegation,
therefore, ought to be earnest and.insistent;in'urg
ing the creation of the;, desired department. It is an
issue upon .which any lagging or -lukewarmness im
plies an indifference to.'the general welfare. " : ' :
Of the importance of the issue — not to the mining,
interest only, but to the whole country— there- can be
no question.' The United States is the greatest
mining country in the world, and yet we are the only'
great - -nation that- does- hot provide for "ah adequate
supervision of the industry. At the present time^the;
direction of mining interests on the part of the Gov
ernment is divided among Triariy bureaus' ¦ scattered
through different departments. The . result of this
division of authority has been a confusion.which ma
terially interferes ; with the development of our . min
eral lands and the operation of our mines. It is be
cause of that confusion the mining men have! asked
for the establishment of *a Department of Mines and.
Mining. Jt is believed by those most familiar with
the industry that we can never have a proper gbvr
ernmental supervision^ the industry uflitil the.de-
partment has been created.; . -^ ..- *¦/'. ¦.'/_
The reports of lukewarmness on the part of any of
the California delegation are the more surprising be-,
cause the subject has been long under . discussion
throughout the entire West and hardly a single ar
gument! has been 'brought against it by any repre
sentative man in this section of the Union! The great
mining States. naturally look to California for lead
ership in this movement, which is for the welfare of
all, and it would be a' serious' loss of prestige to us
should our delegation -at the nationaUcapital break
down or disclose the existence of any inharmony on
the subject when it comes up for. action! .
Even were it conceded that the chances of ob
taining the creation of the department , at' this ses
sion of Congress are slight, that would afford no rea
son for lagging in the work for it. The more we ac
complish at this ! session the better will be our'posi-;
tion hereafter. . We. have everything to gain by an
fight and nothing to lose. -On the other
hand, should our representatives , display no interest
in the matter they will give the opponerits of
the movement a rdltson for asserting that the people
of California as a whole are not interested 'in the
movement and that it is being worked up by a few
mining men for their own interests.
j-< EPORTS from Washington to the effect that
r\ some of the representatives in Congress from
A \ this State are "lukewarm" in their support
of the bill to establish a Department of Mines and
Mining under the supervision of a' Cabinet officer
should set ; in motion a sufficient amount of activity
here to. warm the gentlemen". to ! a greater jeal. . .The.
effort to obtain the desired department. might as. well
be abandoned if our "representatives do. not stand
for it firmly and persistently. from first to last.
That sounds very well, but .it .happens that r devas
tation is going on as'bnskly among the timber lands
of the Pacific Coast as anywhere else-; in the world,
and it is. not our 'forest's' couid long stand any
great drain ¦ in addition to- than no w put f upon | them
by: ; our,. r wastefur methddsj :^/lurnbering.:ahd .'' by the
devastating I forest fires, j .that'.; fpllow % one 1 'another
throughout ithe, whole of •th^dryyseason/ ; It . is clear
at any rate that .if we are to: be. in/a. position' to.sup
ply the Eastern demand, fprytimber' we. must begin
at once ..exercising the strictest .'•" economy, in the
management of the forests "tliat 'rernain ' to ,us. .; ' We :
jhave .the. experience ".of the; older StatesffofteS us
•wisdom; in, that respect, "but up 'to- this time we have
not profited by^ it: V- ¦---;:-' " ¦ \ '-.v '¦-'¦¦¦ ¦
In : New England an: -opinion prevails- in ; some
quarters: that the Pacific .vCpast -abounds with timber
and that it can 1 supply all New.' England's 'neeaV as"
soon as a cheap method of transportation can be pro
vided/Thus a : writer for itHeV-Boston Transcript re
cently, said : j "There * re forests on the Pacific Coast
that may^avail to save the 1 forests that are now being
devastated in the ' Ea>t. -The purchase of j the Panama
canal would, mean uh'e opening.; of tremendous ave
nues, of industry .which" have" . hitherto been blocked
by excessive transportation rates: -The diminution of
available timber throughout^tiie Eastern I States and
the prospect of ultimate' exhaustion I of., the forest
products therein turns thV speculative eye' of lumber
tradesmen -toward "the" immense' tracts of Ithe • Pacific
States,; which are nb\y^unavailable'. forVEa'stern" trade
on account pf the enormous .freight rates.. The Pan
ama ...canal; would' solve that difficulty >and could by
proper; legislation be the' rheVns ; of : balancing, one sec-,
tion of timber product against v the" other, giving time
for renewal of growth -while; 1 the ¦ alternate' sections
were beihs 'cleared." ¦¦ : ';/'T; • : !
j The growing need of ' forest protection has now
reached a point: where.: • disastrous lessons are no
longer needed to impress it upon^any one- who gives
heed to what is going on around. him. ..Evidences, of
the rapidity with which the Joreft area of the. United
States is-dimiriishing appear on almost . every side.
It is no longer, forest owners" r an'd" lumber men only
who note the increasing lack of trees in places .where
woods were . formerly supposed r to be • "intx
haustible." Every now and. then there crops up in
some unexpected place a statement showingUhat the
public generally is becoming;aware of- the situation
and with, more c or less reasqh".is ; speculating where
the timber supply of the' future is to 'come' from.
£> HOULD the present season prove deficient in
N rainfall the people; of California will -have an-
other important lesson upon the value of the
conservation of the water supply of the State, and in
cidentally upon the equal, importance of preserving
the forests in order that the .waters, may be .conserved
by- natural : forces as 'weil':as:;artificially.::;it is to be
hoped of course* w(i shall ltoFhave Ho receive a: lesson
in that way, '-but "if it come we" should be prepared to
profit.by.it.. ; ' ' ¦ -¦'¦'•-' ''.'*'"¦ *
MINING INTERESTS.
FOREST PRESERVATION.
tUDGE HEBBARD'S decision in the Mahony
Jcase is to the effect that the Clerk, being
a county officer, is not'subject to removal or to
investigation by the Mayor, 'who is a municipal of
ficer. To that extent the decision is favorable to
Mahony, but no further. Irwfact, the Judge plainly
declared from the bench that;' "for malfeasance, mis
feasance or nonfeasance in office an officer ought to
be removed. I believe that every officer ought to do
his duty and should not enter into such contracts as
are alleged here; but the only question is, Has the
Mayor the power to suspend the County Clerk, a
county officer?" k
The statement from the bench concerning the con
tract is as important as the decision concerning the
exemption of county officers from the operation of
the provisions of the charter. It has been somewhat
a matter of dispute whether the contract the County
Clerk is alleged to have made is in its nature suffi
cient to work a forfeiture of office. The statement
of Judge Hebbard appears conclusive on that point
It can hardly be doubted that in saying "I believe
every officer ought to do his duty and should not
enter into such contracts as are alleged here" the
Judge meant to intimate that if Mahony's participa
tion in such a contract can be proven in the proper
way in the proper tribunal his dismissal from office
should promptly follow.
The declaration clears away some" of the complexi
ties of the case. It may be accepted now that the
contract alleged to have been made is in its nature
a violation of law. The Mayor cannot remove the of
fender nor suspend, him, but there is a way to reach
him if the fact of the contract can be proven. That
proof of course can be readily furnished. In fact, it
was furnished during the investigation before the
Mayor, and-will be forthcoming again as soon as the
proper authorities desire it. Such being the case,
those upon whom the duty rests should enter at once
upon the task of bringing Mahony to trial.
It is to be borne in mind that '; the personality., of „
the accused is but a minor matter in the problem. '
The important issue is that of upholding the law and
maintaining it in its full integrity. The office of
County Clerk is one whose fair • and. impartial ad
ministration concerns every citizen. No man should
be permitted to hold it who is not characterized by a
strict fidelity to duty and a scrupulous observance
cf all the requirements of law. In the hands of a man
who is willing and ready to violate the law the office
becomes a source of possible danger to every liti
gant in the courts. It is for that reason the public
takes so keen an interest in the case and is so eager
to see the law vindicated, justice done and the office
purged of the control of a violator of law.
The assertion of Mahony's friends that even if the
contract alleged against him were - established in
court it would not constitute an offense sufficient to
cause his removal vanishes before the plain statement
of Judge Hebbard that no officer should enter into
such a contract. The way, then, seems to be clear for
a final victory' for the Jaw. It is now the duty of the
proper authorities to act promptly.
JUDGE HEBBARD'S DECISION.
, J. B. Sanford of Ukiah is at the Lick.
P. J: Cannonjof^ Salt Lake Is ! at the
Grand;-"-' .
: T. C. Drescher of Sacramento is at the
Palace^, 1 v
Senator A. F. Jones of Oroville Is at the
Palace. . : . , '
C. TT Colombert of Nevada City. is*at
the Russ. x : ' . .
• A. Chilberg, a banker of Seattle, 'is at
the Grand. ' . . .
"C. A. Harrington, formerly of Dawson,
is at. the Russ. ,:
J.:C. Campbell, a mining man of Nevada
City, is at the Grand.
C. K." McClatchy, editor of . the Sacra
mento Bee, is at the Lick. -
.H. Willard, a, rancher of Red Bluff, is
at the Russ, accompanied by his wife. -
: George S. Nixon, a banker and miner
of Winnemucca, Nev.,.is at the Palace.
"V\ r .- B. Gilbert, Judge * of- the United
States Circuit Court at Portland,; Or., is
at the Palace. '.. v .
Bruce Cartwright, a sugar planter of
Honolulu," returned yesterday from an ex
tended tour of the East. He -is at the
Palace.. ; ; . ,! . . ; . -. ¦¦/ -. v " v- *...-¦,
United ¦ States Circuit" Judge : Gilbert ar
rived yesterday and will remain to attend
the next session of the United. States Cir r
cult Court of Appeals,, which will open
oh" February 3. - ' . ¦ ' •
'¦PERSONAL MENTION.;
fETANUS, or lockjaw; can be cured, and'the epidemic of the disease now
raging in: Camden, N. J., and other" places in the East can be checked,"
said Dr. A. teteve of Pittsburg the other day, where he has charge of the
C. L. Magee pathological department of Mercy Hospital.
"For the last six years I have been working on a formula," said Dr.
' Leteve. "The method of treatment is^radically different from the present one
and the recovery is much more rapid. According to the' old method of treatment,
the skull is trephined and about a quart of serum injected into the brain. Every
body knows recoveries are not frequent. ( By the new treatment serum, which I
obtain from sheep, is injected, not by the quart, but in very small quantities.
The point. of. Injection is jiot the' brain, but in the left side, near the liver. -.'In the
four cases I have cured there is now not a sign of the disease. .
"My first case was that of a 10-year-old boy, who cut his finger with a piece
of glass and tetanus set in. He had spasms, and was not expected to live much
longer, .when I gave him a hypodermic injection. In four days I gave him four
teen injections, and the boy fully recovered. ' . • ¦ ' ..
"The second case was that of "a .woman 40 years old, who contracted lockjaw
by stepping on a rusty nail. She was given thirteen injections and was cured In
days. ..-¦¦- _ V . ) ' ' : 
"My third case was that of a man 45 years old, who cut his foot while work-'
ing in a stable, and tetanus set In.' I gave him twelve injections, curing him in.
four days." , • , .
"Then I decided. to try it on a horse which was suffering from tetanus. The in
jections of- serum were larger than those I had administered to human beings.
¦ In a few days- the horse had entirely recovered. • ¦ ¦ '< : - '.". ->'
"I'd- be egotistical to say my method will cure every case. In the' fouy cases.
I, speak, of .It. was an unqualified successl It may be .tried _ on jsome others whom
it might not'eure. My professional brethren think- well of the' new .-itreatmeojL.?
When I had the matter all studied out -about.- a* .year; ago-* I told : * some -of-' -the-r
most prominent "physlcian¥ in the city. Nearly all said it was all right in the
ory, 'but— — .'.'. Since then I have demonstrated to them that it is allright in
practice so far as I have gone." 0 ' •*• ,~ . • '
1 Dr. Leteve is recognized as a specialist on histology and bacteriology. He
- was born in Paris and studied medicine first with Professor Rour Dolrrel of the
Pasteur i Institute. He: came, to America in 1889, and for several years was con
nected with the Pasteur Institute In New York. He went to Pittsburg in 1890 and
was put in charge of the laboratory at Mercy Hospital. ¦
Ed. Page— For Dr. Leteve Cut '. '¦.¦??;
SATURDAY. .......;. JANUARY 25, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. -^
lititn AH Cemsnnlctliou to W.'S. LEAKS, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone PretiaM
PUBLICATION OFFICES... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Preti 201. ¦ - - - -
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to S21 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preti 202.
Delivered J*r Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weelfc ¦*•
Slngie Copies. S Cent*. V.
Terms I>T Mall. InclnJIner Postasei
DAILT nu. (taeludlnc Sunday), on* year.............^..tt.M
DAILT CALL <!nclu<!lnr Eui-day), • *- anthi 1.08
DAILT CALL (lnclnainz Sunday), I tnonthi 1.54
DAILY CALL— Br Slnjfc Month (So
fTTJfDAY CALL. Oa« Temr l.M
WTSKLT CALL. On* Tear 1.0*
All postmaster* are authorized to recelT*
•abscrlpilon*.
Sample eoplM will be :orw&rded wbtn requettrf.
>f»n vnbaerlberB in orderlLc char.c* of addr^mi *hot)1fl h«
rmrttenlmr to rive both HEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
Co inecr* * prompt and correct eomotlanc* with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadrmy
C GEORGE KROGWS1.
ITtttger ftitlgB Adrcrtiitng', Karqettti Bnildlaf , Chieays.
ff-vnr E>lst*nce Tela>x>faon* "Central S61S-")
NEW 'TORK CORRESPOXDENT:
«-. C CAB.LTOBT Herald Sqxmre
MtW TORK REPRESEICTATIVK:
ITEPHE5 B. SMITH SO Tribune Bull dins
NTW TORK NITWS STANDS: ,
Wtldorf-Ajtorla Hotel; A. BreaUno, tt Union 8qut»:
Kvmf HlU HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Chcrmin Boose; P. O. Mews Cc. ; Great Northern Hotel;
rmnoot Houm: Auditorium Hotel. . ;
ftVASHIXGTOX (D. C> OFFICE 14O6 « SU W. "W.
SIORTOX E. CKA\E. Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICE?: — S27. Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cctll »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until t:XQ o'clock. CSS
McAllister, cpea «mtil 1:10 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
1:10 o'clock. 1SU Misrloa, open until 10 o'clock. tXl Market. ,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 10M Valencia, epea
•ottl • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, cpen ontll • o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, ope a until t o'clock.
SIM nilmor*. open until » p. m.
An amusing incident occurred the other
day at Charing Cross road, where the
bookstall keepers are dreading their ban
ishment by the County Council on- ac
count of tttelr being supposed to inter
fere with.th'e foot passenger traffic. There
was." great excitement' 1 when the
was circulated? among, the*, ',bbpl£sellfeTs»
that the King ! had". sent ;'bJbv portrait?, \to
one of the leading men of the trade, Ber
tram Dobell. Now, nearly every class of
people other than royalty has been rep
resented in the expressions of sympathy
which h^ye reached these . booksellers
since .the Westminster edict against them
was first made. The knowledge of . this
fact has perhaps led the fraternity to lend
too ready an ear to the fluttering, tale of
the royal demonstration in their favor.
The report, however, was very precise,
and the authority of Dobell was freely
quoted for it. When Dobell waa visited
by a deputation of his brother sellers of
secend-hand books, it was found the news
was quite true. The King had really sent
a portrait, but it was "The (King," a
weekly illustrated paper.
Lord Acton's reputation as a historian
has attracted general interest to . the
"History of Modern Times,'/ which he un
dertook to edit for the Cambridge Uni
versity Press. t
There is corresponding regret, that ."the
state of his. health, doea not allow him to
continue the task. He will seek compara
tive rest for a time, but no doubt his
counsel will be at the disposal of the new
editors. They are Dr. Ward, Master of
Peterhouse. Cambridge, who is a great
authority on the history of literature; Dr.
Prathero, the learned editor of the Quar
terly Review, and Stanley Leathes, an
other distinguished Cambridge scholar.
Lord Acton has been able to edit the first
volume of the history, which deals with
the Renaissance period. It will appear
during the course of this year.
Sir Wyke Bayllss has recently been en
gaged upon an"art book - dealing with
Leighton, Millais, Burne-Jones, Watts and
Holman Hunt. ",
It is now almost finished. M>S3W.
Sampson Low will publish it during the
spring. Sir Wyke gives many personal
reminiscences of the great artist3 of
m horn be writes, for he was known to
them all. The specialty of the book la
that It reveals to, the reader the differ
ence of vision that underlies their tech
niaue. All of them were figure painters,
all of them of the Victorian era, yet each
was essentially alone in his art.
The fact seems to be that English poets,
novelists and dramatists either agree with
Hall Calne or with George Meredith, who
laconically replied that he had no opin
ions on the subject. '.
A book which the Messrs. Longman an
nounce, namely, "The Correspondence of
the Princess lieven," should be interest
ing. ¦ v
She was a great figure in London so
ciety during the early part of the last
century. These letters were written dur
ing a residence in London which extend
ed from 1812 to 1834, a period of no small
stir and Interest in various ways. As the
wife of. the; Russian Embassador Prin
cess* Lieven was naturallyMn a good posi
tion ' to ' learn what .was going on. * H4r
letters will,- therefore, be another contri
bution to that delightful kind of history
which is to be found in the "Greville Ma
moirs." ..-_,!.,
A great deal of discussion has been cre
ated in literary 'circles by the proposal
for the incorporation of a British acad
emy for the promotion of historical, phil
osophical 'and philological studies. Its
first fellows are to include professors of
Greek, Sanscrit. Latin. Hebrew. Anglo-
Saxon and Celtic.
Hall Caine, oa being asked his opinion
on the subject,- said he would regret the
addition of dramatists and novelists ' to
the. list of . fellows. ¦ because no academic
study of a thing so variable," so emo
tional, so Individual,' so Independent of
principles as ; the ' work of imaginative
writers or their art could be anything but
misleading and mischievous. Further,
Mr. Caine' did not consider -the/ experi
ments 'of the French Academy at all en
couraging. . ' «. .. ...
Mrs. Cralgie points out that if Imagi
native writers believed that such an in
stitution on French principles could be
maintained in England they should" have
the courage of the distinguished schol
ars .whose names are 'printed- in the Ga
zette-and prepare a petition '..in similar
lines.
The Kentucky law, which is wholly upheld by the Supreme. Court/ covers, fully
every question of extortion and discrimination, of which • communities and individuals
may be the victims, j The local court, in the county where the complainant; is'domiciled,
has primary jurisdiction of the offender,' and the Railroad Commission must initiate the
prosecution and see that an Indictment is found and the offender tried and punished, i
N In order to take advantage of . this "decision the : law of this State must, give this
power to the commission, and then the people will have this short cut to redress of any
grievance against a transportation corporation. " '.^^'^/'i-''" ¦ -¦
Our readers will see that this is one way of reaching the prompt action. which The
Call has advocated. The decision.of- the United States Supreme Court giving, tfiis impor
tant function to railroad commissions when conferred^ by State law was written by Chief
Justice Fuller and was concurred in by the full bench. ,'
The next Legislature of this State will be called upon to adopt the Kentucky
statute and bring Cajifornia under the wing of this Federal decision. .Such a law will
give a new lease of life to the . Railroad Commission by giving it a function it can
discharge. - '. "" . 'v
The.,railroad^law of Kentucky contains the same long arid^short haul clause as the
interstate commerce act, and the same provision for exoneration .-as that act. The recent
law jiist passed upon by the United, States Supreme Court and affirrhed-as constitutional
and valid, in addition t to giving the local- courts civil and criminal ' -jurisdiction, of .the
railroads, provides that if a rba*d violate the. long and short haul-clause, without exonera
tion by the State Commissioiij an order ? in writing to that .'. effect I'sHali-" be entered and de
livered to the complainant and to the offending company, arid.tb the^Grand Juryof any
county the -Circuit Court of which has jurisdiction, "in order that the railroad company
or carrier may be indicted- for the offense, ; and the Railroad Commission shall use'^all
proper efforts to see that such 1 company or carrier is .indicted ;and prosecuted." ;. .;
This law is directly upheld by the Ifederal Supreme C^urt. In former decisions
that court left State commissions powerless to enforce the simplest decree. Now it picks
them out of the gutter and puts the whole/ judiciary machinery attheir "'service'.; -It will be
observed that by this last decision proceedings adverse ¦ to a railroad company, do not
originate in the judicial 1 courts. They originate solely on" the order of the- Railroad
Commission, and that body uses the Grand Jury and the courts as "an " : instrument of
its "will.- "¦:.' := ¦;'¦'¦¦, : /¦-- V *.... ¦. •
/ The issue decided wasin relation to." a recent law of Kentucky. In that .State the
Railroad'. Commission was reduced- to the same flabby and flatulent condition •, as
the California Commission. To remedy this the Legislature passed a law against'.extor
tion .in rates and. providing penal and civil remedies. The clause" in .' issue declared that :
"The Circuit Court of any county into or through, which the line or lines' of railroad car- 1 ;
rying such ; passenger or freight], owned /or operated by said road, and the Franklin
Circuit Court, shall have jurisdiction of the! offense and of the railroad company or cor
poration offending, and^ the Circuit Court of the county where such- offense may. be com
mitted by said officer, agent or emrjloye';" shall have ; jurisdiction in' all prosecutions
against said officer, agent or employe." ;;¦ , • . . ,:.. ! ; ¦
ment of. State laws against extortionate freight charges.
THE sentiment pf the s , Supreme Court of the United ' States '¦¦! swings like a pen
. dulum,. and.no one can determine the effect of 'one decision upon an issue until
the whole arc has been described anrl_the pendulum is, in' repose.' After shearing
v State : railway commissions of their in the ; Minnesota
by compelling the judicial process and the' judicial finality," the "court, has now retrav-.
ersed the ground and in. a decision just announced has. provided a short cut for enforce-
PITTSBURG PHYSICIAN
FINDS LOCKJAW CURE
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
MORE K; A.TIwR,O A~D L.& W 1 ;
THE SAK FRANCISCO, CAI^ SATURDAY 25. 1902.
' WITH ¦ A SERUM OBTAINED FROM . SHEEP, DR.. A.' I/ETEVE DE
.;. ; CLARES HE" HAS SAVED FOUR HUMAN BEINGS AND A HORSE
: FROM DEATH FROM DREADED TETANUS. _, ;
Complaints . continue to, come from' allvparts^-'of
the country that the railroads cannot undertake;' to
'handle*, all' the 1 traffic that is offered .them, but 'as yet
we have .heard rio- single rumor of ( their' neglecting
* chance to handle any politics that comes along^v
Eastern moralists are discussing whether a man
can be a Christian o a five dollars a week, but they
Ticvcr stop to consider how he could be anything else.
It costs big. money 1 to follow, the devil even in Chi-;
cago. :'
: AnJndiyWual^oiLJthat :'^dis_gusting;' : spec)es7lOTown:as
f H ma^ mash^' was", fined 'a^thousand (dollars : a few ";
Vfays ¦agoiby.'a;SL Louis'judge.|similar:punishment'
for similar offenses : would be gladly '.welcomed nearer
ho'rrie. "¦¦';;' ¦V-;-' : -*-V ¦¦-¦ : \. .\- v "'.V.v v ] ¦ " : '' ¦ * : ">'.- ¦*' "¦''. '.'¦'¦'
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ . ' ': "¦ . '.' : .':. . . :*¦ "¦'¦ . -O ¦.-.-
• A' ndre ,w ; Carnegie is : Vgqbd Tman, -'but : his practice
does. ¦noify harmonize jwith; his preaching.- He says
"every nian . ¦• should Have a ••.competence -and \ a good
wife." Then ;. lie . gives every -man-— : a-: library. ': He
should keep, his books 'arid .: furnish " either, the com
petence orthe>ife,:or>else^ciui^preaehing. . ¦;-:,..;
6
By Wm. G. Layng — Thursday, January 30, at 1L o'clock,
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at 721 Howard street
AUCTION SALES.
i Alcazar — "For tie White Rose."
Columbia — "The Princess Chic"
Orpheum —^V r audevIIle. »
Gr&nd Oj>era-house — "Don Caesar de Baian."
California — "Kins' Lear."
Tivoli — "The Toy Maker." •
Central — "The Fire PatroL"
Chutes, Zoo and Theater^ — VandevUle every afternoon and
evening. • . ¦ -
Ceutral Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
HOW THE PHILIP PJNES " '- -'" • '¦'¦ ;: ' "• ' "" ~^"
I SHOULD BE GQVERMED. • -¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - -- —
By Brigadier "Gcncril Frederick Funston- .
:. ARE.WOMEN J S-CLIJ3S.A ====: | the Sunday call is the
"BAR TO MATRIMONY'? , ~~' best literary paper on
:¦¦),:: By Kate Tysca M-$£g — — ] THE PACIFIC COAST. j
THELA1EST IN HOllSE . . .
DECORATIONS. ' , ~ZZ
EARLY DAY ACTORS AND i —
i actresses; ;: ¦'-' .-. .. ,'¦¦-•- : :.•.,. -. :• . -^t-
- ;; . :: "." :.¦:"::. ":¦¦ .¦ "r- "DICK BOYLE'S BUSI-
¦ v ..' : ¦;;—¦, -,--•- r , ; f. NESS CARD." :'
• Z- . — " ' ''"' ' ';'.'.''". . . " '. ' — — A Vcstern Fiction Story by Fret Ha. -te,
- ' " .. ¦ ¦ .'.' . ."' •¦-.¦¦..-„-.,.-'¦.-.. ¦.'.¦¦'. ¦ '.1 .written in his happiest vein. ¦
'"'--••' * • - --'-'¦•¦-¦-¦^^ READ YOUR FIHUREk|\
eight pages of color I THE STORY OF THE -STARS. §
THAT ARE i PLEASING TO" , ' : /; >. . '|
•¦ ¦ . A—— THE WOMAN WHO DRESSES
: - ••,••'.. ••"'-•.:.:•'•../"-.: • ' ~ ¦ M buck.."-- -.; ¦ l
•¦¦¦:•••• ••.¦•¦¦V-.-^v: ¦• -''.:... -:.;.' : flight of the queen or
: .,;.'...':. ;:;r::r I//./, ¦ -,;—• ; ; ; CHINATOWN. " \
AMUSEMENTS.Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 25.
DISABLED BRIG THAT IS HAV
ING CONSIDERABLE DIFFI
CULTY GETTING AWAY.
Lost Her Rudder Post.
The schooner Antelope arrived here yes
terday, eleven days from Tillamook. She
THE British tramp steamer Willow
dene has been a fruitful topic of
discussion ever -since she ' arrived
here and underwent transforma
tion from a long, low rakish tramp
Into a two-and-a-half-story mule barn.
She received part of her four-footed car
go yesterday and incidentally provided
the North Beach youngster with a circus,
free and full of excitement. The mules
are unbroken. The planking on section 2
of the seawall is slippery. The high
spirits of the mules and the uncertain
foothold conspired against the dignity of
the mules' resistance and provided for
the small boys an acrobatic feast of end.
less variety. The Wlllowdene will take
away 650 mules. In spite of an early
Etart, the persistent efforts of half a
dozen vaqueros and the skillful decoy
work of an intelligent horse, only 200
mules were gotten aboard yesterday." It
will be Tuesday before all the passengers
for Fiji have been persuaded to take the
narrow runway that leads to the Willow
dene mule barn.
Steamer Movements.'
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are, In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. '
Sueprintendent of Schools "Webster will
recommend to the Board of Education to
day that new classes be formed In the
Jefferson, Whittler and Burnett schools.
Deputy Superintendent Sullivan reports
that the attendance in the first two
schools is congested, though there are
several vacant rooms in each. An out
side room will be rented for the Burnett
school's r.ew class.
Recommends More New Classes.
Superintendent Beatty reports every
thing going in a satisfactory manner. He
said the churches were enthusiastic, and
the congregations were taking hold of the
work in a splendid fashion. The follow
ing questions will be asked the residents:
"Name of family or individual: num
ber of children attending Sunday-school;
members in family; number under 17 in
family; denominational preference; local
church of the denomination attended or
preferred."
The Visitation League of the Young
Men's Christian. Association will begin
its work to-day. Members of the organ
ization and hundreds of volunteers will
move from house to house In order to se
cure a larger attendance in the churches.
tant "Work To-Day — Many Vol
unteers Enrolled.
"Visitation League Begins Its Impor-
CHURCH MEMBERS "WILL
VISIT MANY RESIDENCES
The Cynthia Literary and Social Club
of this city has elected the following offi
cers for the current term : Julian Olco
vich. president; Milton Meyer, 'vice presi
dent; Alfred Mendelsor, financial secre
tary; Pauline Olcovich, corresponding sec
retary; Harry Rothernberg. . treasurer;
Alfred TJlman, Sadie Meyer and Monroe
Goldsmith, trustees.
Cynthia Literary Club.
The complaining witness against her
was Samuel Walters, 905 Pacific street,
who alleged that the defendant poisoned
his valuable Scotch terrier on January
IS. Mrs. Kruger,. a neighbor, testified
that she saw the defendant place a piece
of meat in the yard where the dog
played. The dog ate a portion of the
meat and was shortly afterward seized
with spasms and died. The defendant
was also seen to pick up the portion of
the meat left and throw it in an ash bar
rel, where it was subsequently found and
analyzed.
Mrs. Herculana "Valdez, an old Mexican
living at 907% Pacific street, was held to
answer before "'"the Superior Court by-
Judge Cabanlss yesterday on the felony
charge of administering poison to a dog.
Her bonds were fixed in $300 or $100 cash.
Mrs. Herculana Valdez, an Old
Woman, Is Held to Answer Be
fore Superior Court.
ADMINISTERS POISON
TO A VALUABLE DOG
TO SAIL.
FROM . SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic • Survey
, t » Times ' and .' Heights of - . High " and Low
; '^.Waters -at Fort ' Point, entrance to San
• • '¦ ' Friday, January 24.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Johnson, 36- hours from
Hueneme. . '
Stmr Iaqua. Gunderson, 34 hours from San
Pedro. - ¦ •«•
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 12 hours from
Moss Landing. . _ . ,.i',\ -,..
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Mrs. Emma* Merrltt and W.R.-H.,Ad
amson, executors of the estate of the late
Adolph" 1 Sutro, have petitioned .the Supe
rior Court for < permission to -' sell . four
blocks of land south of the park. They
claim that ;¦. it • is necessary to dispose of
the land in. 'order to raise money .to clear
off an indebtedness against the estate of
$500,000. : Of. this sum $458,000 is due, the
Hibernia' Bank, which holds many" mort
gages 'on the Sutro property. .
Want to Sell -Satro Property.
! The following vessels have been chartered
for wheat to Europe, prior . to" arrival : Th'e
British ship Celtic Queen at Tacoma, 35s 6d ;
the British" bark Falklrk, at" the same port,
30s; the German bark Wlndsbrant, at .'Port
land, 35s; the British ship Pericles, at this
port, terms private. .'
Shipping Merchants.'
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
¦ The schooner John F. Miller arrived
yesterday from Coos Bay after a stormy
passage of seven days' duration. She en
countered a southeasterly gale, with verv
heavy seas, and on January. 21, when/off
Eureka, had her mainsail blown away.
Has Mainsail Carried Away.
The barkentine S. G. Wilder,' one of the
four starters in the race from Honolulu,
won on Thursday by the bark Albert, ar
rived yesterday, one day behind the win
ner and a good second. The Archer and
Omega are yet to bo heard from. .
S. GK Wilder Second in Bace.
Carlos G. Calkins, who was navigating
officer of the Olympia during the battle
of Manila and later in charge of the
branch hydrographic office in this city,
has been promoted to the rank of com
mander. Commander Calkins is at pres
ent in command of the Vixen and en
gaged on survey duty on the northern
coast of Cuba. He' has a large personal
acquaintance in this city, and through
his magazine writings is, well known in
the literary world. ,
Promotion for Carlos' G. Calkins.
• For the first time in many days ships
are being ordered from, Astoria to this
port to lead grain. Quite a big percent
age of the foreign sailing vessels bring
ing cargoes to this port are ordered to
Astoria to load. For the present this or
der of things is reversed and' the Oregon
port Is now crowded with charterless
ships.* The French ship Duquesne arrived
yesterday and will load grain for the
United Kingdom. She made the trip' In
the good time of six days. The British
bark Lochgene and the French bark
Legouve have also been ordered here
from Astoria,
Too Many Snips at Portland.
The brig Tanner will probably.be able
to resume her voyage to Honolulu this
morning. Repairs to her pump and wind
mill were effected by Thursday evening,
and but for the weather and the mate
she would- by this time be at sea. A red
stack tug was ordered for yesterday
morning. The tug got alongside, but
Captain Newhall decided that he had bet
ter not • go to sea. There was a strong
southwest wind blowing- and the mate
was indisposed. The wind later veered
around to the west. The tug was sent
for again, but once more the departure
was postponed. The weather was all
right this time, but in the interval be
tween the tug's visits the mate had gone
ashore after more "indisposition." The
tug was ordered to call again this morn
ing.:
Brig Tanner Weather Bound.
.j. — . _ . — . ; 'i' t
had a long passage and a rough one, and
but for the ingenuity of Captain Bjorkin
gren might be still floundering about the
Pacific. She encountered southeasterly
gales until January 18, when, in latitude
41.39 north, longitude 126.39 west, a snort
ing northwester swooped down on her. In
the battle that followed the schooner's
rudder-post was carried away, and noth
ing but the most skillful seamanship
brought the Antelope out of the conflict.
Captain Bjorkingren then proceeded to
construct a jury steering apparatus,
which yesterday excited the admiration
of all who saw it. It was not only an
ingenious contrivance, but It worked, and
the Antelope reached port with spars and
sails intact and without losing a plank,
of a deck-load of lumber that loomed up
a dozen fee't above her bulwarks.
Time Ball.
Branch .- Hydrographic Office, U s N Mer
, .chants' * Exchange, San . Francisco" Cai
: .^January 24. 1902. , :. ¦.,, '
The Time" Ball on the tower of Hhe Ferrv
building- was dropped exactly at noon to-dav
1.. e.." at noon of the 120th meridian or at S
p.-' m.; Greenwich mean time. ¦ : ' .
,: ¦•-¦ i ¦¦¦ W. H. STANDL.EY . *'
: .. . Lieutenant U.S. Navy/ in charge
-. NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 2-t — Stmr Hes
perla, • from-- Naples. •
(BOULOGNE— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Staten
darii. '• from ' Rotterdam.
GIBRALTAR— Pat »qd .Jan 24— Stmr Peter
Jensen, '• from ' Philadelphia, for Genoa.
. -, PORT NATAL — Arrived Jan 22 — Stmr Mont
real.' from. New Orleans, for Cape Town
.LIVFRPOOL— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Cuban,
from New Orleans, for Barbardoes.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Menominee
for 'New York. ... \ ' • .;'.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan . 21— Stmr City of
Sydney*," from Panama and way ports, for San
Francisco. ' ; ¦--' . ¦ ';. •
- MANILA— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Endeavor,
from Eureka.- .¦.'-¦'
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 12^ — Chil stmr Tuca
pel,. from Valparaiso, and sailed Jan 16 for
San: Francisco.
"LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 22— Br ehlp Monk
barns, for San Francisco.
. PORT NATAL— Arrived Jan 15— Nor ship
Oddersjaa,. from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Arrived Jan 24 — Schr
Alumna. . from Cane Town.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 24— Br stmr Lady
Joicey, from Antofazasta. .
EASTERN '¦¦ PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 24— Br
ship Penrhyn Castle, from Hamburg, for Se
attle; Br f.hlp Celtic Queen,, from Iqulque.
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan 23 — Fr bark Mollere,
for San Francisco. • ¦-. . ;
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 23 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Jan* 21. <
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr ,W H
Kruger.' hence Jan 20. ' >:¦ .*
SEATTLE — Sailed Jan 23 — Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skagway. Jan 24 — Stmr Queen, for
San • Francisco. . - - . ¦ ' • • • '
Arrived Jan 24- — Stmr Umattlla. hence Jan 21.
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena and schr Azalea, for San
Pedro. - ¦ ¦ '¦¦-/¦
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Jan 24— Schr Volun
teer, for San Francisco.'
VENTURA— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Geo Loo
mls,' for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr
Ndwburg, from San Francisco.
PORTLAND — Arrived Jan 24— Bark Gal
eorm Castle, from Cape Town.
- PORT HADI^OCK — Arrived Jan 23— Stmr
Robert Dollar, hence Jan 18.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Jan 24 — Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Jan 19. •,-..-
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Jan 22. "¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 24, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 26 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
- Per schr Antelope — Jan 18, lat 41 39 N, Ion
120 SO W, experienced heavy NW gale and
high, confused sea. Broke the rudder post.
• Par schr John F - Miller — Jan. 21, oft Eu
reka, , ran Into heavy SE gale, carrying away
mainsail.
MEMORANDUM.
Schr C H Merchant. Carlsen, Port Gamble.
Schr San 'Buenaventura, Holmberg, Grays
Harbor. ' ¦ ' .
Schr J M Colman,- Peterson, Port Gamble.
SAILED.
' • ¦ . - Thursday, January 23.
. Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, Tacoma.
*• ¦-..-- - • F r i ( j a y i January 24.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka. ¦>
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr laqua,' Gunderson, Eureka.
'Stmr GlOsy,.Leland t . Santa Cruz.
Stmr Empire, Macuenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Mandalay; Batch<?lder, Coquille River.
' Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.-
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
VU^S stmr Hugh. McCulloch, Falling,, cruise
In : search of missing' H ¦ B M stmr Condor.
Bktn J M Griffith, Arey. Santa Rosalia.
' Friday, January 24.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Ooodall,
Stmr Czarina) Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
CLEARED.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, IB hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Navarro, Devltt, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. "
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, IS hours from Clc
one.-
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 48 hours frcm San
Pedro. ¦ •
Stmr Westoort. Erick&on. 28 hours . from.
Eureka. ..- •...-, •
Stmr Cella, Adler, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing. .
Stmr Progreso. Harding:, 95 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 48 hours from Re
dondo.
Fr shin Duquesne, Roze, 6 days from As
toria'. -
Br.ship Drummulr, Armstrongr, 64 days from
Newcastle, • Aus. - .
Bark Prussia, Jensen, 12 days from Port
Blakeley. . •¦ ,. . . .
Bark Asrate. i Bergman, 18 days from Port
Blakeley, 14 days from Clallam. ' . _¦ •¦;
Bktn S , G • Wilder, Jackson. 14 days from
Honolulu. '¦' ¦ '
Schr Barbara Hernster, Benedikten, 38 hours
from i Eureka,
¦ Schr Jennie Wand, Christensen, 4 days from
Coos. Bay. ¦- ¦ ¦
Schr Antelope. Bjorkingren, 11 days from
Tlllamook. ¦: •
' Schr J F Miller, Hansen, 7 days from Cooa
Bay: , '. ¦ ' '¦ . . . ¦
Schr Onward, Jorgensen, 4 days from Co
qullte 'River. ' .
Schr J B Leeds, Olsen, 56 hours from Eu-
TsVnr James A Garfleld, McCarron, 7 days
from Grays Harbor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1902.
Will Take Three Days to Ship Four- Footed Passengers.
Schooner Antelope i n a Gale.
WILLOWDENE'S UNTAMED MULE5
GO ABOARD WITH RELUCTANCE
7
Sur
Sur
Moc
rises
sets
in rises
7:19
..5:25
:36 p. m.
Time)
Time
Ft.
L W
5.2 6:02
"6.3 6:56
5.4 7:53
5.4 8:5C
6.3 10:00
5.2 10:59
5.1 12:03
5.0 1:00
Time
Ft.
i, H W
2.4 12:10
2.2 1 :01
2.1 1:58
2.0 2:58;
1.9 4:01
1.8 5:13
1.5 6:33
1.2 7:50
Time
|H W
Ft
L W
Ft
26
27
28
20
30
31
1
1:00
1:40
2:20
2:59
3:42
4:2C
5:14
6?00
5.6
5.2
4.8
4.3
4.0
3.7
3.5
3.6
6:43
7:24
8:04
8:46
U *.*!t
10:20
11:16
—0.4
0.2
0.7
1.3
1.8
2.3
2.7
Steamer.
'rom.
I Due.
Asuncion
Sequoia......
G. VV. Elder.
Pomona
Nlcaria
Phoenix
Sta." Barbara.
State of Cal. .
Arcata. •
Argo
Eureka
Tltania......
China
Curacao.'
Sierra
Queen
Coos Bay....
Rainier
San Pedro
City Sydney..
J. S. Kiniball
Columbia. . . .
Kama icoaa. .
Pt. Arena:...
Bonita
Leelanaw
Umatilla. ... .
Tucapel
R. Dollar
North Fork..
M. Dollar
Coronado.*..
City Puebla. .
Spokane
racoma Jan. 25
Grays Harbor Jan. 25
Portland & Astoria Jan. 2ft
Humboldt Jan. 25
Seattle Jan. 25
Mendocino Jan. 20
San Pedro Jan . 20
San Difgo & AVay Pts. Jan. 2U
Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 26
Coquille River Jan. 27
Humboldt Jan. 27
Nanaimo Jan.^27
China & Japan Jan. 2"
Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sydney & Way Ports. . Jan. 27
Puget Sound Ports .... Jan. 2f
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Seattle & N. Whatcora. Jan. 27
Grays Harbor Jan. 29
Panama &. Way Ports.. iJan. 2J
Seattle & Tacoma [Jan. 29
Portland & Astoria .... |Jan. 30
San Diego & AVay Pts. Jan. 30
Point Arena ..; Jan. 31
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 31
New York via Panama. Jan. 31
Puget Sound Ports...... Feb. 1
Valparaiso & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Seattle & Had lock Feb. I
Humboldt Feb. 1
San Pedro Feb! 'i
Grays Harbor ......... Feb. 2
Puget So'und Ports..... Feb. (i
San Diego & Way, Pts. .. Feb. . C
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I five.
Rival..
Lakme. ...
Despatch. .
Point Aicna
Alameda..
North Fork
Santa Rosa
Bonlia
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Pomona...,
Phoenix...
Argo... ...
Arcata....
Argyll.....
City Para..
G. JSlder.:.
January 25. j
Willapa Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
Astoria & Portland. !) amiPier 2
Seattle fc Fairhaven 12 m|Pier Its
Point Arena ....... 2pm,r-i«=r t
Honolulu 2 pm|Pier 7
January 2U. . ¦ v |
Humholdt '.. 0 amiPier 2
San Diego & Way.. Oam|Pierll
"Newport & Vay.Ptu. V am Fieri i
Puget . Sound - Ports. 11 am Pier »
Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
January 27.
Humboldt 1:30 piPler 0
January. 28. I •
Mendoclno City. .... 3 pm|Pier 13
CoQUllle River 4 pm|Pier 2
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 12 - m|Pier 1J
N. T. via Panama.. 2pm|PleriO
FHnama& Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2k
; January 29. I
Humboldt 9 am] Pier 13
San Diego & Way.. 9am|Pierll
Grays. Harbor 5 pmiPier 'J 1
January 3O. I
Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pmjPler 3
San Pedro & Way.. 9am|Plerll
China & Japan...;.. 1 pmlPMSS
January 31. , •
Seattle & N. What.. 5 pin Pier 2
Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Pier —
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 0
Febrnary 2. - - i:
Astoria * Portland. 11 am Pier 2+
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier. 2
San Dlegd & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
February. 3.
Grays Harbor .... . . 5 pm Pier, 2
Eureka ....
State Cal..
Sequoia... .
Nome City.
C003 Bay . .
H. K. Maru
Rainier....
Nicaria."...
Queen. ....
Columbia..
J. Kimball.
Spokane...
Newburg. .
Bieamer.
Excelsior....
Farallon.
Dolphin •'
Cottage City.
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. ??
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Pkafcway & "Way Ports. Jan. 30
Sur
Sur
Moc
rises
sets
in rises
7:19
..5:25
:36 p. m.
Time)
Time
Ft.
L W
5.2 6:02
"6.3 6:56
5.4 7:53
5.4 8:5C
6.3 10:00
5.2 10:59
5.1 12:03
5.0 1:00
Time
Ft.
i, H W
2.4 12:10
2.2 1 :01
2.1 1:58
2.0 2:58;
1.9 4:01
1.8 5:13
1.5 6:33
1.2 7:50
Time
|H W
Ft
L W
Ft
26
27
28
20
30
31
1
1:00
1:40
2:20
2:59
3:42
4:2C
5:14
6?00
5.6
5.2
4.8
4.3
4.0
3.7
3.5
3.6
6:43
7:24
8:04
8:46
U *.*!t
10:20
11:16
—0.4
0.2
0.7
1.3
1.8
2.3
2.7
Steamer.
'rom.
I Due.
Asuncion
Sequoia......
G. VV. Elder.
Pomona
Nlcaria
Phoenix
Sta." Barbara.
State of Cal. .
Arcata. •
Argo
Eureka
Tltania......
China
Curacao.'
Sierra
Queen
Coos Bay....
Rainier
San Pedro
City Sydney..
J. S. Kiniball
Columbia. . . .
Kama icoaa. .
Pt. Arena:...
Bonita
Leelanaw
Umatilla. ... .
Tucapel
R. Dollar
North Fork..
M. Dollar
Coronado.*..
City Puebla. .
Spokane
racoma Jan. 25
Grays Harbor Jan. 25
Portland & Astoria Jan. 2ft
Humboldt Jan. 25
Seattle Jan. 25
Mendocino Jan. 20
San Pedro Jan . 20
San Difgo & AVay Pts. Jan. 2U
Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 26
Coquille River Jan. 27
Humboldt Jan. 27
Nanaimo Jan.^27
China & Japan Jan. 2"
Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sydney & Way Ports. . Jan. 27
Puget Sound Ports .... Jan. 2f
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Seattle & N. Whatcora. Jan. 27
Grays Harbor Jan. 29
Panama &. Way Ports.. iJan. 2J
Seattle & Tacoma [Jan. 29
Portland & Astoria .... |Jan. 30
San Diego & AVay Pts. Jan. 30
Point Arena ..; Jan. 31
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 31
New York via Panama. Jan. 31
Puget Sound Ports...... Feb. 1
Valparaiso & Way Ports. Feb. 1
Seattle & Had lock Feb. I
Humboldt Feb. 1
San Pedro Feb! 'i
Grays Harbor ......... Feb. 2
Puget So'und Ports..... Feb. (i
San Diego & Way, Pts. .. Feb. . C
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I five.
Rival..
Lakme. ...
Despatch. .
Point Aicna
Alameda..
North Fork
Santa Rosa
Bonlia
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Pomona...,
Phoenix...
Argo... ...
Arcata....
Argyll.....
City Para..
G. JSlder.:.
January 25. j
Willapa Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
Astoria & Portland. !) amiPier 2
Seattle fc Fairhaven 12 m|Pier Its
Point Arena ....... 2pm,r-i«=r t
Honolulu 2 pm|Pier 7
January 2U. . ¦ v |
Humholdt '.. 0 amiPier 2
San Diego & Way.. Oam|Pierll
"Newport & Vay.Ptu. V am Fieri i
Puget . Sound - Ports. 11 am Pier »
Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
January 27.
Humboldt 1:30 piPler 0
January. 28. I •
Mendoclno City. .... 3 pm|Pier 13
CoQUllle River 4 pm|Pier 2
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 12 - m|Pier 1J
N. T. via Panama.. 2pm|PleriO
FHnama& Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2k
; January 29. I
Humboldt 9 am] Pier 13
San Diego & Way.. 9am|Pierll
Grays. Harbor 5 pmiPier 'J 1
January 3O. I
Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pmjPler 3
San Pedro & Way.. 9am|Plerll
China & Japan...;.. 1 pmlPMSS
January 31. , •
Seattle & N. What.. 5 pin Pier 2
Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Pier —
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 0
Febrnary 2. - - i:
Astoria * Portland. 11 am Pier 2+
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier. 2
San Dlegd & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
February. 3.
Grays Harbor .... . . 5 pm Pier, 2
Eureka ....
State Cal..
Sequoia... .
Nome City.
C003 Bay . .
H. K. Maru
Rainier....
Nicaria."...
Queen. ....
Columbia..
J. Kimball.
Spokane...
Newburg. .
Bieamer.
Excelsior....
Farallon.
Dolphin •'
Cottage City.
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. ??
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Pkafcway & "Way Ports. Jan. 30
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f*ftl IIMRIA EwrMOT >
vUlaVBfBiSIA iflOlSBTHairt
MATINEB TO-DAY.
1O-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT
And ALL NEXT WEEfc.
KIRKE LA SHELLB OPERA CO.
In the Merry Musical Success. THE
PRINCESS
OHIC.
An Elaborate Opera. Comlque.
Kext Week-Last Nl*hts ot 'THE PRINCESS
CHIC."
Comnencln* MONDAY, February 8,
VIOLA ALLEN,
And Company presenting,
**IN THE PALACE OF THE KING."
Seats ready Thursday of next week.
Extra— Matinee Recitals — Afternoons of
STJEFDAY. Jan. 2S. and FRIDAY. Jan. 81.
At 8 O'clock.
First Appearance Here of
JOSEF •
HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIAXIST.
Reserved Seats — J2. $1 50. $1 and 50c.
Seats celling at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a.
MATTNEE TO-DAT (SATURDAY). JAN 25.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chll-
eren. any part except reserved. 10c.
A BIG, BUMPTIOUS BILL!
Da Coma Family; Taylor Twin Sis-
ters; Ada Axnoldson, and the Bio-
graph., showing "The Living
Flag." Last times of Kara the
Great; Three Faust Sisters; Ar-
thur Buckner; Jacques Inaudi, and
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane.
BPECIAL! BEGINNING" TO-MORROW MAT-
INEE.
Great UlbLt WHinLS
The European and Eastern Sensation.
*TI¥OLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE on SATURDAY
AT 2 SHARP!
"COMB AND 5=EE THAT FUNNIEST OF
FELLOWS."
THE TOY MAKER
EVERY CHILD GETS A TOY ON SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON.
MONDAY. January 27th.
FRANK DANIELS'
GREATEST HIT!
"THE A/WEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Buah 9.
MATINEES TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"DON C£SAR DE BAZAN."
Week Beginstaff MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
EDWIN ARDEN
la as Elaborate Production of
•*ZORAH.»
A Romantic Drama In Four Acts by Edwin
Arden. and Played by Him With
Marked Success.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c 50c -75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
BELASCO **n>THALC&jfogft&
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
MATINEES mTTTI T^ Exciting
TO-DAY 'I 1 jLJ Ij} and Powerful
and fi S ! i^i Melodrama.
to-morrow Jl JLjLI—A
(Suniaj-). _^ _. PRICES,
To-Nipht and H I K |4 60c:
Sunday EVg. I 1 I JTl Hji Matinees:
Last Times. "*- .*>A.*.^fa* 10Cf 15c> jy.
PATROL
Next Monday — Greatest of All Melodramas,
"A MAN OF MYSTERY."
LAST TIMES.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Own Company.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
"THE MOUNTEBANK."
THIS BVBMNG-"KING LEAR."
(FAREWELL.)
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MR. ISSN HENDRICKS
In the Pioneer Swedish Comedy Play,
"OLE OLSON."
EEATS READY.
S £* <* 3H* SAT?
fiSF H HAT R gTM>
BELASCO & THALL, Mgrs.
LAST TW(7 NIGHTS.
The Big Romantic Success,
For the
White Rose.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
PRICES, 15c 25c 35c 60c and 75c
Next— CORALIE & CO., Dressmakers.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market, street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT^^O P. M-
THURSDATS, SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
GRAND TOURNAMENT SATURDAY. Jan.
25th, for the benefit of
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS.
gi^ RACING
dj!jj&' ¦" "1^"* Every Week D«jr—
*^ . Rain cp Shlae.'
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races etart at 2:18 p. m. sharp.
F2rry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
32:30. 1. 1^0. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two can on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no emoklng. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and - Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole coa-
aect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
' Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. xa. and Immediately after th* last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CUAH. V. PRICE. £ecy. aid M«r. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAIN COFFEE mjr
Do you know tnat three-quarters
of all the world's headaches are the
result of using tea and coffee ? ;
So physicians say.
Quit them and the headaches
quit.
Grain-0 has the coffee taste but
no headaches.
All crocere : 15c and 25a
Geo. H. Ful!er Desk
RcMOVAL SALE.
We offer our immense stock of 03?-
FICE FUBNITTJEE at greatly reduced
prices until February 1st. ; "•
638-640 Mission Street;
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall- stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea- •
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parlcs-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.;'.;;.
AMXTSEMENTS.
GHUTES_and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A' ; BICYCLE.
.SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
SCato^walk
COMMENCING TO-MORROW,
THE GREATEST ANIMAL. ATTRACTION IN
THE UNITED STATES WILL BE ON ¦ '
EXHIBITION IN THE ZOO.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23. ...
I The Secret of the Success of I
. is the " blend " of the Turkish tobaccos I
I of which they are made! fl
I Each kind of tobacco contributes some* g
I thing individual and separately character* 8
J istic to the perfect harmony of this blend. I
Most Turkish cigarettes sold in America ||
\ are made of tobaccos bought here in the g
I open market. E,very^ ounce of the fourteen m
j different kinds of tobacco that are used B
I in making* DEITIES is selected by our 1
1 resident buyers in TURKEY and "no M
I better" selection for quality is possible. B
I For this reason "No better TURKISH i
I cigarette can be made." H
Egyptian I
I Emblems /(^^^^^ I
| are the same as DEITIES r~*- m (J (/ M
I but -with corK tips. ( g|
I * Ghis signature Is en tVtrg box. £7!
H No medicine ever offered to people suffering with ||
fijl a cold will render such permanent, and quick relief as ¦
|H Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine. |?|
H It is a remarkable medicine and everybody who , §?
H has ever suffered with a cold will say so. No one cer- IS
H tainly wants to suffer with a cold, and there is no rea> ||
H son why any one should, for they can get a bottle of |i
H Halpruner's at all druggists'. Take a spoonful of it in ||
II a glass of water every hour, and also inhale the vapor of £§
P| the medicine by pouring a few drops in the hands and £p
II . holding them under the nostrils. The inhalations clear M
II the head at once and reduce the inflammation, thus P
1 1 opening up the nasal passages and allowing the sufferer p
H| to breathe freely. * The internal dose assists the blood B
ffl . in removing the inflammation, and thus curing the cold. p|
H Take Halpruner's right away — to-night. If your H
pi cold is not cured in the morning, it will be so much f|j
H better that you will be glad to say that Halpruner's II
i| Wonderful Medicine is the right medicine for colds. ||
ii ' San Francisco. Nov. 29th, 1901. li\
m HAIvPRUNER MEDICAL M'F"G CO., 28 Cal. St.. City. @|
Ka Gentlemen— I consider Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine a very ef- W|
gfl - fective and quickly curing remedy for colds, coughs, sore throat and fal
eg bronchial troubles. I have used it and found it so myself and recom- jhi
Eg mend it to my friends. Yours truly. J. SIMPSON, £jl
|P Of Simpson & Fisher, 34-36 Steuart St.; S. F., Cal. Ill
1 Trial Treatment Free. ||
re! All persons suffering with colds, sore throat, bronchial troubles i- : l
Hi •¦'.' catarrh, etc., should call on Dr. Halpruner, at his office. 28 California erl
ESS street, between 1 and 4 o'clock every afternoon, except Saturdays and S:'JCoursing has taken on a brighter aspect
and there are indications- of a -season cf
prosperity for the Bport of the leash. Not
alone in this city has the sport assumed
a healthy look, but In tho interior cities
stakes of high class are being offered.
. Sacramento has opened its season under
Scatters Birds Over a
Wide Area of
Country.
Reports From Interior
Parks Show Bright
Outlook.
RAIN SPOILS
LAST DAYS OF
DUCK SEASON
COURSING MEN
ANTICIPATE A
GOOD SEASON
N. Flshburn, engineer, and Chris Han
son, pilot, of the American steamer Ko
kat filed a complaint against Owen Wade
of St Helena, as owner, to recover <810.
balance of wages alleged to ba due them.
Suit for Seamen's Wages.
F. W. Cook, a salesman, San Francisco,
filed a petition In insolvency ' yesterday -In
the -United States District '. Court" >He
places his debts at J1902 and his assets at
land valued at* $4000 and mortgaged for
$20UQ* ¦ ¦- ¦ . - ¦ -
An Insolvent Salesman.
The intercollegiate agreement - commit
tee, composed -of . 'three men -each from
Stanford University and the University, of
California, will , meet , this . afternoon ' at
1:30 o clock at the Olympic Club. ; Several
Important . changes in the athletic agree
ment-between .the universities 'are to be
considered. ~ .. -v '¦ •
Intercollegiate Committees to Meet.
The Supervisors'. Judiciary Committee
reported favorably yesterday on the ordi
nance prohibiting the use by livery stable
keepers of horses or vehicles intrusted to
their care or by any other person than
the owners of the same. Violation of the
provisions of the • ordinance is made a
misdemeanor and Is punishable by a fine
of J500 and six months' imprisonment
Use of Livery Horses.
The second annual foiir-mlle scratch
tmateur team race, which will be run on
February 22, is attracting considerable at
:ention among the runners. It was won
ast year by the team, representing Stan
lord University. The best Individual time
nas made by La Valller of the Oakland
rligh School. Captain McCaughern and
Trainer Moulton have decided not to en
xr a team from Stanford this year
The Olympic Club will have a strong
-earn in the race. It will be picked from
'i™ 0 "? i he T» £o I lowln8:: Jj Collins, Fred
tlorell, E. P. Tatum, H. W. Templeman
Sverett Smith. W. P. Drum, George Klarl
nan, Fred Burgers, George W. Braun W
Sarcla. C. Garcia, H. Imhaufc F. Ferem'
X Cramer. H. C. Bouden and John
•Course.
In addition to the Olympic team Berke
ey will send some of its fleetest distant
oen, while the Oakland High School
Jumboldt Evening School and possibly
he Muitnomah- Athletic Club of Portland
rill be represented. The course Is chiefly
a Golden Gate Park.
Cross Country Bun for Amateurs.
. The handball matches at Phil .Ryan's
court to-morrow wiU be between the fol
lowing players: :
• M. ' Dillon and 'a. : Hutchinson vs. J. McDer
mott'and W. Kelly.' . : . . '
S. Garvey and W. Cummings vs. J. Manning
and T. Finn. . ;.,.¦• ' ,, . - ¦ .-.
M. Levy and P.' Basch vs. M. Joyce and M.
Berwln. .> • . . - ' . '
W. Walsh and \W. Kavanaugh vs. H. H.
Llssner and R. LpnKabaurfh. .
E. Barry and j. Folejr v 8 . ' P. Tato and J,
Klrby.- ¦ ' •.. * '.¦•.¦ .- ./ , ' : ... ,
•>G.. McDonald and . P: . Mclntyre vs. M. Mc-
Neil and M. Mcl.eod. -
J. Riordan and- T. -Leach vs. J. Harlow and
E.'. Curley. -,..-., . • . .
-. \V. ¦ Hajnure and J. White vs. J. Collins and
R.' Murphy. . ¦ . ; - . - ¦ • . ,
. J. C. Nealon and R: Llnehan vs. A.* Hamp
ton i and ¦¦, M. J. .Kilirallon. , _/ . \
_Hondlcap ' match. : James Fitzgerald (world's
champion) vs. Joseph Collins (coast champion).
Handball Matches.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO, Jan. 24.—
An interesting foursome was played at
the Coronado links on Tuesday between
Alex Smith, professional, and Mrs. Fred
Green of the San Rafael Golf Club
against J. P. Gardiner, open amateur
champion of Southern California, and
Miss Mary Healy of Coronado, holder of
the ladies* amateur championship. The
score of flve up and four to play In favor
of Smith and Mrs. Green declared them
winners. The by-play of the remaining
four holes gave them a score of nine up
for eighteen holes. All four players put
up- a good game, the play being once
around the elghteen-hole course. Atex
Smith is quartered for the winter as in
structor at Coronado. He holds a record
of one up for the championship . of tho
world, and is a brother of Willie Smith,
open champion. Mrs. Fred Green is prom
inent in golf circles in and about San
Francisco and San Rafael, being esoe
cially noted for her' even game and flna
form.
Golf In the South.
The' South End Rowing Club Is begin
ning to repair its boats for the coming
season. On fine "Sundays lately several
of the oarsmen have' been out on- the
water for recreation and practice. Last
Sunday, two members of the Dolphin Club
rowed around from North Beach to the
South End quarters. Charles Jenkins ha3
brought in some new-members, and it has
devolved on some of the more experienced
oarsmen to take them out for instruction
in the elements of rowing. The club owns
a four-oared shell, and it has.been sug
gested/that this should be put Into good
order and a crew, made up' to practice ' in
it. If this is done 1 , and the crew finds
that it can sit the boat arrangements may
be made to meet a four-oared crew of the
University of California, which last sea
son brought a new boat put from Ithaca.
The annual entertainment and ball of
the Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club
¦will be held next evening in
Native Sons' , Hall. It is the twenty
fourth annual entertainment given by the
club. The curtain will rise at 8:15 p. m.
and the following will take part in the
vocal portion of the programme:. W. J.
Hynes.Miss Millie Flynn, Tom Mahoney
in coon songs and the Columbia Quartet,
consisting of John Flood, first tenor:
George Wallace,* second- tenor; , James
Donohoe," second base, and John Colgan.
basso. The athletic. part of the show will
consist of a race on the home trainer be
tween E. O. Kragness and Leo Wlenand.
an exhibition of physical culture by ths
Leando brothers of the Olympic Club and
boxing by James Britt and William Leon
ard. -¦ ••' -' ¦-.-:.;¦-. -¦*. -.:. " : -¦ ¦ ' -;
\ There are no •'. men who are willing to
spend several hundreds of dollars a year
j in keeping; up boats for racing. The San
'Franciscos, however, are entirely justified
in building a' boat to . try . to capture the
trophy and the | Corinthians, if they I lose
the cup,- may -decide next 1 year, to build a
racing yacht specially for the purpose of
getting the cup back... In any event there
Is a prospect of a; highly • interesting con
.test or series of contests , which will tend
to, keep the sport ,illve. '' ; mSEBB&i
The principal and most Interesting topic
of discussion will be the steps to be taken
toward' defending the Perpetual cup,* for
which 'a challenge will be sent by the San
Francisco Yacht Club at an early date.
The exact dimensions of the challenger
are not known yet. but it seems likely
that Frank Stone's sloop. Presto will come
within. the 10 per cent rule and be eligible
to defend the trophy. The Corinthians
do not thinl-; it desirable that boats should
be built for racing purposes only, as there
is not enough yacht racing in the: bay to
justify. so doing. A deep fin-keel yacht Is
not: available | for cruises to Petaluma
drawbridge, Nat>a City. Lakevllle. up the
Sacramento or San Joaquin. rivers or.SuI
sun Creek. Cruising Is the life of yacht
ing 'in San Francisco ; Bay and the
Corinthians; while ready, enough to take
part in air open races; believe racing will
always be a secondary matter here. " ,-* ::
I Several members . of the San Francisco
Yacht Club are at; work on Sundays and
occasionally on week-day evenings lining
the main'-hall of the clubhouse at Sausa
lito. The work is progressing rapidly, a
great part of the tonsrue-and-groove lin
ing of the walls being In place. '
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of: the Corinthian Yacht Club will be
held In Red Men's Hall on Bush street
next Wednesday evening.. The regular
ticket prepared by Frank W. Thompson,
J. V. O'Brien. and W. C. Corbett. ; the
nominating committee, -will be presented
to the members. There is no opposition
and the following will be elected: E. F.
Sagar, commodore: Thomas Jennings, vice
commodore ;' John H. Keefe. port captain;
J. C. Brlckell, Charles L. Barrett, W. B.
Short and H. D. Hawks, directors: For
the regatta committee the nominees are
E. B. Learning, T. J.'Kavanaugh and P.
J. Martenstein. •
The yacht owners of the California
Yacht Club will hold a meeting in- the
clubhouse on Oakland Creek to-morrow,
at which; the schedule of events for the
coming season will be discussed. The
events suggested by the owners, if ac
cepted by the meeting, will be embodied
in the schedule.; . ¦
The Oakland Canoe Club held 'its an
nual meeting and election last Saturday
in the clubhouse, on Sessions Basin, San
Antonio estuary. The election of officers
to serve for the coming year resulted as
follows: Philip Caduc of the sloop Annie,
commodore; H. S. Byxbee of the canoe
Whim, vice commodore; Charles Stewart
of the sloop Beatrice, secretary and treas
urer; H. S. Hackett and Charles L. Tay
lor Jr., committee on membership.
Anglers from this city have thronged
the hotels on Russian River recently to
avail themselves of the big run of steel
head salmon. The market fishermen were
also on hand with their nets and other il
legal tackle, but the Fish Commissioners
quickly put a stop to their operations.
On Monday night Manuel Cross, the
fearless deputy fish commissioner, accom
panied by Deputy Welch, slipped away
under cover of darkness and seized in all
eleven nets. During the day some fisher
men purchased buckshot at a near-by
store and remarked • that if any one
touched their nets they would fire upon
tnem. This did not deter the deputies,
who performed their duty, although mo
mentarily expecting to be fired upon
from ambush. ¦¦¦¦¦-
Of the anglers Thomas McLachlan of
this city Is high hook. His I 23-pound
steelhead has not yet been equaled by any
one on the river. This is not the only
catch Mr. McLachlan has made. He heard
a noise near where he was working re
cently and looking up "caught" the eyes
of a line deer looking Intently at him. The
deer Instantly took to the -water, and,
swimming the river, disappeared over the
Sheridan hills. . , . ¦ ;
Mrs. F. M. Davis of this city and M. B.
Gibson of Duncans Mills have proved suc
cessful anglers. Mrs. Davis caught ten
fish, the largest weighing fourteen pounds.
The guests of the Orchard House caught
forty-nine fish Saturday, forty on Sunday
and twenty-five on Monday. V
Peter McClure of this city .caught two
flsh, one weighing fourteen pounds and
the other eight. He also hooked a stur
geon which made off with half his line: '
Louis Rondeau caught two on Tuesday,
weighing thirteen and nine pounds re
spectively. * ' ' ¦ ; . . • • . . . .
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Walterstein were
among the successful anglers. . , . :*J h
Charles Green caught a fifteen-pounder
in Austin Pool. . • •
• Among the anglers from this "city who
have been enjoying the royal sport are:
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Walterstein, Mr. and Mrs. Peter
McClure, Frank Marcunc, O. ~W. Jackson,
Clarence Dooley, F. W. Brotherton. Wil
liam Murphy, Deputy Fish Commissioners
M. Cross and W. H. - Welch, J. B.' Gilbert
J. M. Scott, John Sammi, Alex Vogelsang,
John Gallagher, M. J. Geary, H." Butler
Hart Williams, W. S. Hildegass, : j o hn
Butler, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Painter. Mr
and Mrs. Frank Walters, C. L. Gottlieb',
Louis . Rondeau, S. F. ** . Barnes, - W W
Knowles and Alpha Clark.' ».
fala, Pepita, Lady Davenport, Boodle
Boy, Herschel's Pride, Dolly Gray, Inj.
perlal, New Moon,- Fair Glen, Rustic Ar
bor, Veto, Lord Freedom, Miss Brummel
Living Picture, Real Aristocrat, Roy
Hughie, Black Bart. - Lawrence, Royal
Friend. Auckland, Gold Ore.v.J'air Oaks
and Bad Boy. - \
No woman's waist can compare with the
waste of time. , : . \: -nv -¦¦¦•
N. ri. Hickraan's lone (Scorcher-Lillian
bage), whelped October. 1901. to Norfolk True
nan. Uiree bitches.
J. P. Broiv-n'e Richmond Favour <Et. Leger-
RichmwiKj Luck), wbelped July 6, 1901 to
Ruby "Duval (Claude Duval-RIchmond Gover
ness), two docs and four bitches.
E. Courtney Ford's Eclipse Blanche (Bend
D'Or-Bedford Birch), whelped to Norfolk True
man, three doss and two bitches.
N. H. Hickman's Irene (St. Vlgllant-EIm
wood Grace), whelped July 29, 1901, to Warren
Sceptic (Claualan-Warrea Spray), three dogs
anrt three bitcbes
G. J. M. E. D'Aquln's Aldon Kitty (Von
Volt-Dusky Pearl), whelped July 17. 1901. to
Aldcn Artist (Wawaset Actor-Aldoa Radiance)
two Hose and two bitches.
w. F. Foster's Lillian Sage ("Warren Eage-
LilMan Stroller), whelped July 12. 1801, to
Norfolk Trueman -(Champion Norfolk Veracity-
Norfolk Jewel), three doe«. ' ,
Robert ArHiftrong'f. Gulden Spatter (Warren
Sare-BIemton Epinaway). -whelped July 5. 1901.
to Champion Aldon Ewagsrer. one dog and lour
bitches.
C. K. Barley's Carmencita CCambrldse
Punch-MaybeHe), whelped July 25, 1001, to
Champion Aidon Swagger <P'OrEay-Dusky
*Pearl). flve dors.
C. K. tiarley'e Qu«en Dance OCorfolk Vic
torious-Norfolk Valse), whelped July 15, 1901,
to Vibo (VirttwEgBsford Dora), flve dogs and
one bitch.
The entries for the second division
Produce stakes closed with the following:
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club held a reg
ular meeting last Monday evening. N. H.
Hick-man in the chair and . Messrs. Har
ley. Moore. Ford and Martin present. : J.
G. Mcrgan and J. L. Cunningham of San
Francisco and W. B. Fechheimer of Port
land, Or., were elected members. The
ppecial prizes won by members' dogs at
the recent Oakland show -were distrib
uted as follows: 55 to C. K. Harley's
Vlbo, $3 to W. W. Moore's Vina Belle, ?5
to J. W. Murphy's Woodlawn Two-Spot.
ond Division Produce Stakes
cf the Pacific Club.
Entries Are Announced for the Sec-
FOX TEEBIEE FANCIERS
MEET AND AWARD PRIZES
Keeping in Condition
for the Coming
Events.
Presto Is Expected to
Defend Perpetual
Trophy.
Many Splendid Fish Are
Landed With Light
Tackle.
BOATING MEN
HAVE REGULAR
PRACTICE SPIN
ANGLERS CATCH
STEELHEADS IN
RUSSIAN RIVER
AMATEUR TARS
PLAN SEASON'S
RACING EVENTS
Two stakes are on the cards for this
week's attraction at Union Park, a spe
cial stake of fifty-two entries and an open
event of sixty-four. Both events will bs
run down to-day. Likely winners in the
first round of the special stake are: Har
lean Gladys, Freda C, Homer Boy, Firm
Fellow, Lear King, Little Sister, Ireland.
Royal Archer, Liberator. Silver Cloud,
America, Tralee Boy. Vulcan, Sacramento
Boy, Narcissus, Hickory Dick, 'Game
Boy. Anchor, . Master Rocket, Rocker,
Bonnie Pasha, Loyal Lad, Freeze . Out,
Real Article, Master Clair and Aeolus.".
The winners in the open stake look to
be: Belle Rocket, Melrose Lad, Sir Pasha.
Cotton Ball, Gramercy, Flower * Friend,
Sempronius. Royal Union, Honesty, 5c
; • • ¦ . .«
The deal by which D. J. Healey's ken
nel of coursers was to be sold to J. J.
Loven of St. Louis has been declared off.
The kennel of dogs belonging to Hugh
Lynch has been sold and will be run here
after In the name of the Alameda Ken
nels. The string includes some wonder
ful young ¦ performers, and its sale has
caused considerable surprise. In | taking
out a kennel designation the purchaser le
serves the right to withhold his name. It
Is known, however, that the new owner is
a wealthy resident of Alameda and is a
recent addition to the followers of the
game. The list of dogs included in the
transfer are A. J. "Martin,*. Merrimac,
Black Bart, Melrose Lad, Harvey M,
Clarice. Lilac, Lottie M and J. N. Bow
hay. The latter is by Dakota-Mustie
Maid. Johnny Maher will retain charge
of the kennel.
Another plan which will probably soon
be inaugurated, one which will meet with
the approval of breeders, Is to run more
sapling stakes during the season and bar
a winner in any of these events from
further participating in other stakes of
that class. The idea if carried out will
distribute first, money ! among a greater
number of kennels and prevent a crack
ajack youngster from winning all the
stakes.
The continual display of strength and
speed by the hares liberated in the Held
at Union Park comes at an Inopportune
time for the running of young dogs. To
turn saplings loose against such lively
game would mean the undoing of many
promising youngsters. But few oppor
tunities will be enjoyed by the bettors to
get a line on the quality of the, entries in
the Belle Brandon cup stake by next
month.
With that end in view the organization
delegated its secretary, Charles J. Bag
nail, to visit this city to try to persuide
some owners of high-class greyhounds to
course their dogs throughout the season
at the Capital City grounds.
During the present week Mr. Bagnal!
has communicated with many of the prin
cipal leashmen and offered some flatter
ing terms that he might get them to
transfer their kennels of running dogs to
Sacramento. While the inducements were
acknowledged to be alluring, the persua
sive powers of the genial secretary were
not strong enough to have the local leash
men desert their home fields.
The" game at Los Angeles has had bet
ter luck than Sacramento. The southern
city has during the past two seasons add
ed many first-class coursers to Its ken
nels. Nearly all the dogs were perform
ers whose work had gained them reputa
tions in local coursing. Negotiations have
been pending for some time, between
the association and George Sharman, the
well-known breeder, and a deal has about
been consummated whereby he will es
tablish himself in the south. Final ar
rangements have not yet been made, but
Mr. Sharman has gone to Los Angeles. He
took five fast hounds. Royal Flush. Black
Flush. Chicago Boy, St. Ives and L. S.
Barre's Amedee.
such pleasant auspices that the manage
ment of the new association conducting
the game has declared Itself ready to in
crease its stakes both in size and class.
Heretofore only the men students of' the
University of California and Stanford
have taken part in college tennis events,
but the co-eds of the former institution
are anxious to decide who is the best
lady player in college. For this purpose
a. tournament will be held by the ladies
at Berkeley as soon as the weather per
mits. A
The drawing for- to-day's try-out is as
fellows': Blankenburg vs. Pike, Cobbe vs.
Bovert, Gardner vs. Beyfuss, Wallace a
"bye," B. Eisner vs. Selig, Ames vs.
Eisner, Gunst a "bye," Cassel vs. Browne,
Speyer vs. S. Smith, S. Levy vs. Ruggles.
The handicap doubles tournament for
the Davis cups, scheduled for last Sunday,
will be played to-morrow. The present
holders are Chet and Grant Smith. Tho
latter player has won the cups twice with
his brother as a partner and twice wit*i
Ray Cornell. Collier and Crowell lead in
the race for the cups, having their names
on them three times. The Whitney broth
ers have won. them twice, but as they
will not play together except in the cham
pionship event, the race for the cups at
present seems to be between Collier and
Crowell and the Smith brothers. Many
other teams . have their names on the
cups? They are to' be won five times by
the same team before becoming their
properly. They have already been up for
over two years, and it will probably take
two years more to dispose of them.
The ladies of the California Tennis
Club are arranging a mixed doubles tour
nament, -which -will be played next
Wednesday afternoon. Up to six months
ago a mixed doubles tournament was
looked upon by the men players as a
necessary evil, but since the introduction
of a mixed doubles tournament In the
coast championship events this form of
game has become popular. The general
improvement of play tmong the ladies
has done much toward making mixed
doubles tournaments popular.
The following ladies will surely take
part next Wednesday: The Mls3es Hun
ter, i Garland, Farnsworth, ¦• Salisbury
Whitney, Smith, I. and R. Sherwood
Mecartney, Mrs. Kincald, Mrs. Du Rey
nier. and Mrs. Sherwood. Many other
ladies will probably enter on" the day of
the tournament. All of the best men nlay
ers will be on hand.
This . is the largest number that ever
competed- in a similar event in the bay
counties. Al Rosenberg, the crack player
from Lowell High, will not take part in the
tournament, a place on the team being
conceded to him. He will play a rounJ
robin match with the two players who
reach the finals. Of these three the two
with the highest percentage will repre
sent the school in doubles. , The highest
man, who will undoubtedly be Rosenberg,
will be the representative singles man.
His' partner- in doubles will probably be
Carl Gardner, who seems to outclass the
other players.
Nineteen have entered.
j SOME WELL-KNOWN CHARACTERS AT THE TRACK WHOM THE CARICATURIST HAS CAUGHT IN CHARACTERISTIC POSES. I
On Saturday, February 8, the second
half of the first match over thirty-six
holes -will be played on the links at
Adams Point.
• At last the much-talked-of and long-ex
pected challenge has arrived from the
captain of the Oakland Golf Club, and
the first of the annual series of home
and-heme matches between teams of
Adams Point and Presidio men golfers
will be played next Saturday. As tha
Oaklanders lost the series of home-and
home matches and the silver cup last
year, It devolved upon them to send In a
chaljer.ge this year. The challenge was
delayed by the long drought, which dried
up and hardened the courses, preventing
the greenkeepers from, getting them into
satisfactory condition.
Earlier- in the season there was consid
erable discussion with regard to the num
ber of men to be included in each team.
Some talked of teams of six men, -while
others went as high as twelve. It was
believed tbe Oaklanders. -who on a pre
vious occasion suggested teams of half a
dozen representatives, thought they could
put twelve men into the field this year.
..The argument in favor of large teams
was that room could be found to include
promising players, who, encouraged by
the honor of representing their club,
would jpractice more frequently and faith
fully, and thus raise the level of golf jn
the club. It seems well, however, that a
regular number should be adopted, Just
as for a team in cricket, baseball, foot
ball or other sports. Eight appears a suit
able number, being neither so large as to
be cumbrous or inconvenient nor so small
as to enable a team to win on the
strength of one or two crack players. If
the number were definitely adopted It
would save discussion and would prevent
any suggestion that an attempt was be
ing made to nt the number of men in the
team to the conditions existent in the club
at the moment. In one season it might
happen that a club could find a dozen
good representatives, while in another
year, owing to sickness, absence or other
cause, only half that number might be
available. The Oakland team this year
will be chosen from the following:, E. R.
Folger, F. S. Stratton. R. M. Fitzgerald.
W. P. Johnson. A. H. Higgins, I>. F.
Belden, T. R. Hutchinson, J. A. Folger.
Frank Kales, J. If. Ames and G. E. tie
Golla. The Presidio Captain S. I* Ab
bot Jr. will make his selection from the
following: John Lawson, B. D. Adamson.
Warren Gregory. H. C. Golcher, J. "W.
Byrne, Captain D. J. Rumbaugh, S. Tj.
Abbot Jr., George B. Cooksey. "W. K.
Lester. E. J. McCutchen. Lansing O. Kel
logff, C. R. "Wlnslow, Dr. T. G. McCon
key and J. H. Mee.
In golf, however, where local peculiari
ties cut so lmpprtant a figure, the-advan
tage is always considerably on the side
of those who are playing on their own
links. It is, therefore, not at all unlikelv
that the San Francisco representatives,
with a complete team and on their own
course, may not only wipe off the balance
of ten holes against them, but may .even
change it to a balance on the other side.
The scores made on both days will be
reckoned together and the winning side
will take the silver cup as a trophy. The
negotiations for the match have been
conducted by Mrs. Laurance T. Scott on
behalf of the San Francisco team, and
by Mrs. P. E. Bowles for the Oakland
golfers.
last Saturday on the Adams Point course
and resulted in a lead of ten up for the
Oakland team. The San Francisco team
was one player short and consequently
had to give up two points to the Oak
landers. Mrs. R. G. Brown headed the
San Francisco team, scoring 2 up against
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood; Miss. Ives was 2
up against Miss Deane, and Miss McBean
was 2 up in her match with Miss Jacque
line Moore. For Oakland Miss Hooper
was 1 up against Miss Alice Hager, Mrs.
L. G. C Tibbetta beat Miss Alice C. Hoff
man 3 up and Miss Knowles was 1 up
against -Miss Bertha Dolbeer. The win
ning score of the Oakland team was al
most entirely made by Mrs. W. P. John
son, who defeated Mrs. Laurance T.
Scott 9 ur>.
With the possible decline in trap shoot
ing there are evidences of a boom in
pistol and revolver practice. It is a com
paratively cheap pastime, a first-class
pistol costing only $14 and cartridges less
than ha!f a cent each.
Some of the enthusiasts at the game af
firm that each year at this time interest
Feems lukewarm, hut with the actual
c-pppinj? of the season the old enthusiasm
revives and battalions of men face the
trnpF and give the sharp command,
"Pull."
From present appearances trap shoot
ing will not have the vogue this season it
has enjoyed for some years past. The
I.lnicln Club has retired from the field
for the present, the members at a recent
ir.eeting deciding not to promote any
{•hoots during the season which will soon
cpen. This is one of the oldest pun clubs
on ihe coast and In the past has held
many important F-hoots.
Ed Funk and a friend secured seventy
flve "cans" near Millbrae last Sunday.
They shot from a floating blind neajr the
oyster beds.
Frank Sanborn killed forty-five ducks
In Richardsons Bay last Sunday. H. Ap
piarius killed thirty-eight at the same
place. Both were mixed bags, although
many "cans" were secured.
E. MSldner and J. Struven. shooting in
tho same vicinity, also secured thirty
birds.
At a number of the preserves the mem
bers will meet to-night to celebrate, with
feast and song, the closing of the sea
son. The majority of the sportsmen have
enjoy rd excellent shooting, big bags being
th^ rule for several months past.
, Ed Kcrrlson and Edgar Forster shot
near San Pablo last Sunday aryi bagged
thirty "cans" between them. 1
the preserves about the bay nothing at
which to level their guns. They expect
no Foort to-morrow.
The majoritv of the iren who went out
laft Sunday returned home with empty
game bass. There were no birds down
Mount Eden way and the Alameda Gun
Club men. who have been getting big re
turns on their Sonoma County preserves,
returned empty handed.
The long continued dry spell spoiled the
shooting in the interior, as the majority
cf the birds remained in and about the
bay throughout the entire season. The
county snortsmen will now have their
turn at the --tolrcls. even though it be for
but a short time.
The second half of the home-and-homo
golf match between teams of eight play
ers representing the ladies' annexes of
the San Fjancisco and Oakland Golf
clubs will take place this morning on the
Presidio links.
The first half of the match was played
Teams Will Meet To-Day
on the Presidio
Links.
LADY GOLFERS
READY FOR A
RETURN MATCH
WINTER SPORTS ON THE LINKS AND FISHING STREAMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1902.
The past week was not a favorable one
for tennis, the inclement weather making
it impossible to play except at irregular
intervals. Play has been- confined to the
students of Lowell High School, who w.111
meet in a preliminary tournament this
morning on the California Club courts.
Racket Wielders From
LowellWilKMeet
To-Day.
HIGH SCHOOL
CHAMPIONS ON
TENNIS COURTS
The duck shooters who reside In this
city consider their sport for the season
as practically ended. Although the law
allows them until next Friday before com
pelling them to cease firing:, the rain has
scattered the birds over the face of the
country, leaving the men who shoot over
83191. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-old fillies; to first, $325.
~ ' ~~ •;.¦. . •. - ¦¦..-¦¦-••. ~ ~ ~~ ~— ~ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. .%.• %. Str. Fin. • Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(.U79) Moabina ....... ..106 5 4 2 3 2 ,3 2 11 F. Phillips O'Connor 8-5 8-5
(3174) Malaspina .......105 X'.'. 1 -% :". 2 1<-"1 h 2 3 Mallowmot S. F..Jacksn 5 7
305)6 Phyllis 105 6 3%l%.2h 3 5 Stemler & Co. ..Ransch 10 15
8096' Nonie . . . ..i.:..'.lQ8 22141 41 41 M. Kane........ Bullman 5 4
3007 Winnecook ...J..105 4 6% .8 10 5h 5'^ H.' I. Wilson.. Fauntleroy " 15 12
3150 Cathello .;.'...... '.105 T "7 2 6 %- 6 1 6 1 Clayton & C0....J. Daly 10 25
Satchel ..........105 8 8 10 7 1 7 1 !7 1 B. Schrelber Redfern 10 15
3174 Torila .'..;. ...-M07 9 " 9 9 8 1 8 1 E. I. Wheeler. . .Troxler 12' 40_
3005 Buzzer .....v 105 3 '5 1 5 1' 9 9 - T. H. Ryan. . . . J. Woods 6 6
Time— H, :24V4; %.'*9%: ; %, 1:02%. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, F.
Phillips' b. f. by Bradford-Clever. Winner made a good run from head of stretch and ia
- game. Phyllis should have been second. Ncnie quit. Buzzer away badly. .
3102. SECOND- RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
I - I . I * ' Betting.
IndexJHorse.'.Age. Weight.]St. .^i.\ %. ¦ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3162 Legal Maxim,, 3.". 00 lv I 1 14 11 14 ,14 Jones '& Cd.....J. Daly 5 7
3178 Bragg, 3.. ....... . 9C 8 '8 10 6 4 ¦ 2 n ,2n Curl &.Co Ransch 3 4
3141 Tyranus, 3....... 87 5-52 Y. 7 -6 '.< 32 ;3 5 ¦ - Summers,* Co. .Redfern 5-2 4
8180 Har. Thatcher. 5.. 105 3 32 2h: 4 5 4 5. W. Johnson... See «B 6
3155 Burdock, 5 105 4 - '. 2 h 3h' 5« '58 J. S. Campbell. .McGinn 10 30
3136 Ilowaho, 8..:.:.. 96 10.' -9 4 ¦ 8 6 6 2 6 3 * W. H. Ketcheman..Jcksn 10 10
3160 Fidel Youlin, 6...103 « 72 9 6 7 1 7 2 Dr. Rowell. ..Fauntleroy 30 75
3174 Marelio. 3 .... 85 7 ; 6>% : 5 2 8 3 !8 5 D. S. Fountain. ..Biglow 12 25 '
3143 Onyx, 6 107 2 4 h, 4 % 9 10 '9 10 W. P. Fine. . ..O'Connor 6 4
3131 The Hoodoo, 4.:..100 9 10 ,'lQ. 10 10 T. H. Ryan Hoar 10 15
Time— %.:25V4; %. :60ii; %, !1:1T%; mile,l:44^. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. p. by Bassetlaw-Miss Maxim. Maxim was
best. Bragg away poorly; Marelio ' weakly handled. Onyx quit. Scratched— Angeleno 88,
The Gaffer 100. ' ; -> •¦ ;-v •.-..••. •. • ,
3103. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325. _^
¦¦¦ - - •-•' - -;•-• - - - : -';' ¦-• ; •• '¦<¦¦::¦ . '.- . : j ! j ¦' ¦ . " I Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. , ,,%. -,-.%. Str. ; Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3172 Matt Hogan., 6... 104 1 2 3 -'2 hi n 12 Magrane & Co. .Jackson • 3 2
3178 Captivate.' 4 .... 96 2 - .'1 % , 1 121 2 n P. Hildreth Redfern 20 40
(3172) Meehanus, 6..:... 107 3 3,}^ 3 10-35 36 Caesar Young. ...Ransch .1-2 3-5
(2870) Norford. 5. 107 5? 5 4% 4 6 4 5 G. W. Baldwin.. Troxler 8 1 15
1050 Sam Fullen. «5. . . . 107 4 4 1" 5 5 5 F. Phillips... Hoar ¦ 6 30
Time— M. :25;- #, :50; .%. 1:15%; Good start.. Wo* all out. Second and third driving.
Winner, W. P. Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by Wagner- Miss HIght. Hogan had nothing to beat.
Meehanus threw his exercise boy in morning and ran away. This did not sharpen his
:^peed^^C^pUyate^ra_n^a^swen^ race. Sam Fullen not ready. Scratched — Fitzkanet 107.
3194. FOURTH RACE — 7 furlongs; San Bernardino handicap; 3-year-olds & up; first. $400.
• ¦ ' ¦ •"'.-.¦¦'¦'¦ '•' - : | • • " Betting.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight St. %.,"%. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(317»J) Kenilworth. 4. ...126-3 • 12 14 13 "13 W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 6-5 8^5
3158 Colonial Girl, -3.. 88 4 4 % 2 n ' 2 1 2 %' W. M. Rogers... Redfern 7 - 10
3074 Greyfeld. 6 ......108 13 1 3n . 3 5 32 R. A. Smith Bullman 3 12-5
(3178) Floronso, a ......115 2 j 5 5 •¦ 5 8 ¦ 4 20 4 20 • P. McGuire. ... J. Woods 5-2 7-2
3184 Grand Sachem, a..l00 6 6 6 6 5*65 J. J. Moran.......Moran 40 CO
2056 Divlna, 3 .100 5 2 n 4 % 6- 6 Stemler & Co Ransch 10 7
Time— Vi, :24%; %, :49%; %,]1:15%; %. 1:29^4- Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner,. W. H. Ketcheman's br.. h. by Sir Modred-Queen Bess. Winner out
classed his field. ; Floronso did not run much of ' a race. Grand Sachem weakly ridden.
. Divina not ready. V. ¦::• . . . .» . .
3105. FIFTH RACE-^One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. . %. Jj! Str. i Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? *ci.
'3184 Pat Morrisey. a. .105 0 ',. 1 6 18 13 13 Dr. Rowell. .. .J Woods 3 3
3178 Hungarian, « 107 132 2 4 25 25 G. W. Miller Troxler 8 12
3170 Siddons. 4 107 7, 8 2 5% 34 3 10 T. H. Stevens..O'Connor 3 11-2
3175 Mission, 5 103 4. 9 9' 5 2 4 1 James Wilson.... McGinn 15 15
3154 Merops. 6 ........103 8 54 4 1 4 1 5 1 > F. D. Weir...... Hoar 5 7
3142 El Mido. 6 .103 5 6n;6«.Ol 6 5 J. S. Campbell.. Jackson 10 12"
.",153 Plead, 4 ... .. 90 9- 7 n 7 1 7 5 7 6 W. M. Rothert..J. Daly 8- 30
3099 Cromwell, a ....109 2 2131 8 2 8 2 E. Purser ..Bullman 6 11-2
3153 Morinel, a 101 3 4283 0 9 M. Storn Ransch 03
Time— M ••24%;%, :50%; %, 1:17%; m, -1:44; l%m, 1:57. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Lord Clifden-Tennie B Pat
showed. some of, his old time speed. Siddons took hard riding. Merops away three lengths
behind his field. Cromwell quit. Morinel no • account. Scratched — Rey del San Juan 103
Tammany, Chlef^lO4._Btlly Lyons MiOj.^Herculean 100. *
3100. SIXTH RACE— Futurity, course; selling; four-year-olds and up; to flrat. $325.
Index Horse. ; Age. Weight St. ¦ 1 %. . %. . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? tU^L
3184 BardBurns, 4..V.116 ,6^ ,5 4 ¦ 3 1 12 1 1%' D. S. Fountain..Mounce ~6 8
2487 Formero.. «•.:...; .117 ¦ 7 62 5 142 21J. Hackett Troxler 1O lo "
¦•<«18O) Mountebanks- ..117 27 2 n 2 n 2 n 3 6 - Miles Finlen. .. Vlckery a 02
(3118) Rose or Hilo. 5.. 115 3 4h 82 514 h . George Webb... 6' Connor 4 7 2
8095 Scallywag. 4 ....113 1 .11 1 1% 3 h 5 1 J. L. Crooks ..... Ransch 15 CO
3154 Reina de Cuba. 6.115 4 31 42 02 62 Baldwin & Co Ransom 4 't
3175 Dunblane, .5 ....120 6.7 7 7 7 Jennings & Co. Bullman •> 2
3130 Crinkle. 6 105 * ...;'¦... F. J. McGee Jackson 20 60
Selections for To-Day.
First Race —Breton, Annie Max, Tibs.
Second Race —Mazo, Duke of York, Solano.
Sixth Race — Six furlongs, celling; four-year
olds and upward: • . .. .- . . - ..-.-.
3186 Marcato ;...'".1O9 3195 Merops ...1..109
(3171)Nellie Forest.104 3075 Cousin Carrle.104
3190 Monda 102 3053 Edlnborough .112
31«2 Remora 97 3075 Ben Ledl ....107
3175 Sea Lion 105 2074 Clarando 100
(2896)Flne Shot ...109 ., ••
Quebec dreams that it will be the great
est wheat exporting port. •
Third Race— S.yivla Talbot, Adirondack, Pres
tolus.
Fourth Race— Corrigan, Diderot. Eonic.
Fifth Race — Marineuse. Berendos, Screenwell
Lake. '
Sixth Race — Marcato, Cousin Carrie, Edin
borough.. -
. The following list of fixtures for Feb
ruary has been issued by J. J. Moore,'
acting: master:
Saturday, 1st, 2:30 p. m., Reed's School,
Belmont.
Wednesday, 5th, 2:30 p. m.. Southern Pacifls
station. San Mateo.
Saturday, 8th, 2:30 p. m.. reservoir, Bur
linrame.
Wednesday, 12th, 2:30 p. m., Wellesley Park,
Redwood City.
Saturday, 15th, 2:30 p. m., Tanforan Park,
San Bruno.
Wednesday. 19th. 2:30 p. m., Byrne's store,
Spanlshtown road.
Saturday. 22d, 2:30 p. m., cross ways, Bur
llnsame.
Wednesday. 26th, 2:30 p. m., Slxteen-MUs
House, San Jose road.
The hounds of San Mateo Hunt Club
will meet to-day at 2:30 p. m. at Cross
ways, Burllngame, the home of Francis
J. Carolan. ¦ W/
San Mateo Hunt Club Meets.
. Parker. '03, varsity pitcher last yeaiv
and Fritch, '04. twirled for the varsity,
with Al McGilvray, '04, behind the bat-
Jim Lanagan, Stanford '03, former varsity
pitcher and ar^ present an instructor at
Belmont, pitched for the school, with
Mills at the receiving end of the battery.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. S4.—
The varsity nine in the first practice game
of the season defeated the Belmont School
team Wednesday afternoon by a score of
13 to 6. The diamond was too aoft after
the rain for fast ball. This fact was ' in
a large degree responsible for the size
of the score. The varsity players made
a creditable showing for their first game
of the season, only a few errors being
made. *
Hamlin, captain; Gardiner, Braly. Ad
ams, Wardwell, Overall, Saeltzer. Brown
ing, Gastrich, Lyman, Hatch, Ambrose,
Lindley, Hendricks, Gowanlock, Wallop.
Rimpeau, Mullen, Burnett, Abbott, Tuck
er, DeLancey and McKeown.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.— The baseball sea
son has opened at the University of Cali
fornia under promising conditions. Seven
of last year's nine are out for positions
again, making a strong nucleus fcr the
team. The men are: Orval Overall.jpitah
er; E. P. Gardiner, first base; w. -W.
Adams, second base; H. H. Braly, third
base; L. J. Kennedy. Tyrell Hamlin and
Arthur ;McKeown in the field. R. P.
Sherman, R. "W. Wardwell and Dudley
Saeltzevr will try for the position of
catcher. Frank Curry, a new student
from Kansas University, may also come
out for the same place. He ia a player
of experience. Those who have already
begun practice are:
guine of Success in the Annual
Series of Games.
Supporters of Each Team Are San-
COUEGE MET BEGTU
BASEBALL PRACTICE
Saturday night the Echo Club of San,
Francisco comes to this city to play two
games. The first team of the Echo Club
will play the Garden City team and me
second team will compete with the Eagle
Club. The Stanford Club, composed of
Native Sons, will accompany the Echoes,
and will play a team of local Native
Sons. Sixty bowlers are expected in the
party.
The tournament five-men team bowling
between the San Franciscos and Excel
siors resulted in three straight games for
the San Franciscos by the following score:
Names — . . 1st. 2d. 3d.
"W. O. Smith 178 212 ' 180
Drescer 143 183 13U
H. Muller 163 137 182
Bush 170 219 180
Thormahlen 149 1S1 155
Totals _.. S01 911 817
Names — . 1st. 2d. 3d.
Dowlinp 112 140 133
Buttner •. 174 137 135
L*vy 113 127 127
Blunch , 108 114. 112
Kunzie , 155 156 134
Totals ....1 6C2 ~703 Ml
The series of three games scheduled for
the 17th inst. between Thormahlen and W.
G. Smith and Hinck and Kunst resulted
as follows on the Eugene alleys:
Names 1st. 2d. 3d.
Thormahlen ..'. 135 198 141
W. G. Smith 143 171 153
Totals «.....~..— 283 360 2S7
Names— 1st. 2d. 3d.
Hinck 14B 142 141
Kunst .....i 152 142 148
Total3 298 284 283
On Monday evening four double teams
meet on the Coronado alleys, as follows:
Crawford and Mlnott vs. Smith and
Mayer.
Crawford and Minott vs. Thormahlen
and W. G. Smith.
Smith and Mayerys. Leap and Thorpe.
Thormahlen and \V. G. Smith vs. Leap
and Thorpe.
Eacret and Gott vs. Thormahlen and 'W.
G. Smith.
Eacret and Gott vs. Smith and Mayer.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 24.— The bowling tour
nament for the Doerr tropn"y~which has
been 'in progress for the past few weeks,
has been ¦won by the Eagles. There •were
five teams of five men each in the tour
ney, as follows: Wee Tens, Hobsons,
Remnants, Dentists and Eagles. Eigh
teen out of twenty-five games were won
by the Eagrles. The Remnants and Hob
sons tied for second place, with thirteen
games each. The Wheelmen won ten,
games and the Dentists nine. Frank
Scherrer won the Ziegler medal, given
for the highest average during the tour
nament, having made an average of
175 8-25. The Russell medal for the high
est individual score goes to> W. B. Hob
son, who scored 224.
The San Franciscos Win
Three Games From
Excelsiors.
BOWLERS PLAY
MATCH GAMES
IN TOURNAMENT
Articles of incorporation of jthe Valley
Counties Power Company, were filed yes
terday. The capital stock of the corpora
tion is $2,500,000. divided into 23.000 shares
of the value of $100 each. The directors
are R. R. Colgate, E. J. de Sabla Jr., John
Martin, R. M. . Hotaling, J. A. Coleman,
W. M. Pierson and C. A. Grow. *The new
company is formed by the purchasers of
the North Pacific Coast Railroad. ,
Power Company Incorporated.
T.. C. Hunt, purser of the steamer Ar
gyle, was arrested yesterday on a charge
of smuggling. Customs Inspector C. Bry
ant, while on duty at Howard pier No. 3
yesterday morning, saw Hunt go from the
steamer to the dock with a hatchet in his
hand. Bryant followed him to a small
office at the end of the pier, where he
saw Hunt break open a case containing
twelve quart bottles of bay^rum which
had been taken from the Argyle and
which had not been manifested. Hunt
was thereupon arrested.
Arrested for Smuggling Bay Rum.
The Board of Public Works filed a re
port with the Board of Supervisors yes
terday that the appraised value of the
fractional block bounded by Seventh.Har
rison, Harriet and Bryant streets, exclu
sive of the city school lot, is $361,580, of
which $52,400 is for improvements. The
value of the fractional block bounded by
Sixth and Harriet streets is fixed at $224,
040. making a total for the whole block of
S5S5.620. The appraisement is preliminary
to declaring that public interest demands
the acquisition of- the, land as a park and
playground.
Appraises Value pf a Block.
Miss Kate E. Whitaker gave a most
interesting talk on the "City of London"
last evening to the children of the South
Side, at the South Park Settlement. The
talk was illustrated by stereoptlcon views.
Miss Whitaker, who lived in London for
many years, gave a vivid description "of
its many interesting points, carrying the
audience from the slums along the' river
Thames, with Its miles of docks, through
the busy section of the city proper, end
ing with a.description of Westminster Ab
bey. London Tower and the houses of
Parliament.
Lectures on London.
The following officers have been elected
to serve on the executive board of the
Mizpah Charity Club: President, Mrs. A.
C. Rulofson; vice president, George War
ren; recording secretary, R. H. Country
man; treasurer, M. F. Gobbo, and cor
responding secretary, Charles Shurtliff.
During the past year, besides assisting
many destitute families by supplying fuel,
food, clothing and shelter, the club made
6ome six hundred garments, ¦which were
distributed among the following institu
tions: The Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren, Maria Kip Orphanage, Infant Shel
ter, the Children's Hospital and the Sil
ver Star Kindergarten.
Charity Club Elects Officers. *
Morley said that although he was un
able to support universal compulsion, he
believed there was urgent need of reopen
ing the land question and that, therefore,
he would support the amendment. He
further asserted he ¦would vote for any
motion carrying a proposal to confer upon
the Irish people the same right to govern
themselves as Great Britain had given her
colonies. John Redmond's amendment was
rejected by a vote of 237 to 134.
John Morley (Liberal) strongly protested
against the trumpery nature of the cases
utilized to justify the application of co
ercion and said that it was the first time
in nine years that the question of coer
cion had been raised^, and that Atkinson,
in endeavoring to make a case, had ad
mitted there was no serious crime in Ire
land.
The Right Hon. J. Atkinson, Attorney
General lor Ireland, in the course of a
defense of the Government, admitted that
there was no serious crime in Ireland;
that violent crimes there had never been
at such a low ebb, but he said that in
timidation and conspiracy necessitated
the enforcing of the coercion act, because
the juries, had been taught that intimida
tion and conspiracy were not crimes.
The speaker further asserted that the
greatest of all obstacles to a good under
standing between the United States and
Great Britain was the Irish question,
which haunted and which would continue
to haunt Great Britain in all parts of the
world. The Irish members before now
had made ministries and they would make
and unmake more ministries. Landlord
ism in Ireland was doomed. The Govern
ment knew it was beaten all over Ire
land in the question of compulsory land
purchase, and the present debate marked
the commencement of a new epoch in the
progress of Ireland.
O'Connor made a special point of the
recent reception of the Irish delegates in
the United States by President Roosevelt,
who, he said, was in thorough sympathy
with the Irish movement, and by the
Canadian Premier, Sir Wilfrid Laurier,
who, he added, held the same views.
LONDON, Jan. 24.-T. P. O'Connor (Ir
ish Nationalist) made a strong speech in
the House of Commons to-day in support
of John Redmond's amendment of yester
day to the address in reply to the speech
from the throne at the opening of Par
liament. He was frequently cheered.
Nationalist Speaks of
the Landlordism in
Ireland.
MAKES ATTACK
ON THE BRITON
The fifteen-round bout between Tommy
Gilfeather and Willie Snailham ended iix
a draw. Both men were on their feet at
the end of the bout. The spectators 'ex
pected a decision in favor Gilfeather,
as ne seemed to have done the cleverest
work. He landed stiff blows in - every
round, in one of them succeeding in
knocking his antagonist down with a
right swing. He cleverly blocked nearly
all of Snailham's swings. Snailham was
aggressive and always In the fighting, but
he failed to land telling blows. The first
preliminary was between "Billy" Woods
and "Kid" Harris, both colored men. This
was a burlesque, as Harris could \ not
fight, and hung himself on the ropes,
whenever he got a chance. Woods chased
his man around the ring and hit him so
hard his seconds threw the sponge into
the air in. the fourth round.
In the fourth Flynn landed a vicloua
punch on Irwin's jaw which angered the
latter. He went at Flynn, fought h»m
across the ring and smashed him right
and left on the jaw. He landed four hard*
swings in succession. Flynn did not come
to for twenty minutes and had to be car
ried from the ring. When he revived he
wanted to know whom he had been fight
ing.
Flynn was knocked down three times in
the first round, barely escaping a knock
out at that stage of the proceedings. He
lasted until the fourth round, when Irwin
knocked him out.
- Toby Irwin knocked out "Doc" Flynn
in the fourth round of their fight last
night in the gymnasium of the Reliance
Athletic Club, Oakland. Irwin was the
aggressor throughout and assumed a lead
over his opponent from the moment the
gong sent them together.
Latter Knocks Him Out
in Four Rounds at \
Oakland.
Eddie Lenny First Man to
Stop the Great
Boxer.
BALTIMORE, Jan, 24.— George Dixon,
the veteran colored featherweight boxer
who held the championship for years,
went down and out under a rain of body
blows delivered by Eddie Lenny to-night
at the Eureka. Athletic Club. Lenny had
the better of the argument throughout.
His blocking rendered it impossible for
the colored man to land a telling blow.
Dixon proved to be shiftier than his old
friends had expected and avoided many
hard leads.
In the ninui round Lenny landed several
hard body blows. When the round was
two-thirds over the men came to a clinch
near the ropes and wrestled to the center
of the ring. Dixon fell to the floor, strik
ing his head and laying open his cheek.
He attempted to rise, but was advised, by
his seconds to take the count, and the
decision was given to Lenny. Dixon was
groggy.
This is the second time in a ring: career
extending over a period of sixteen years
that Dixon has been knocked out. Some
ten years ago, while boxing in Philadel
phia with the "Kentucky Rosebud," the
latter knocked him out unexpectedly.
Tom. O'Rourke. Dixon's second, fixed it
with the timekeepers, and they allowed
him sufficient time in which to collect his
scattered senses.
Dixon, who in his day has earned hun
dreds of thousands of dollars, has been
ekeing out an existence for the past two
years boxing under all manner of condi
tions. He has met a lot of boxers, Lenny
araong others whom he defeated when in
his prime. Heretofore his cleverness has
protected him and he either made it a
draw or lost on points.
Field Trials in Tennessee.
GRAND JUNCTION, Tenn., Jan. 24.—
The all-age stake of the United States
Field trials, which was finished here to
day, resulted as follows: JacK, owned by
Pierre Lorillard, New York, first; Uncle
B, owned by Devcreaux & -Edwards,
Cleveland, Ohio, second: Senator P,
owned by J. W. Flynn, San Francisco,
third.
Basket Ball at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Jan. 24.— In an exciting
game of basket ball this evening Stockton
High School defeated Benicia High School
by a score of 6 to 5. The girls of Stock
ton High School made all their points on
field goals, while the visitors scored three
times on free throws and only once on
a field goal.
OKTERS TO THE FIFTH
EEGIMKNT OF GTJAKDS
Colonel Whitton Announces Appoint-
ments of Non-Commissioned
Officers.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24,-The following regi
mental orders were issued to-day by Col
onel A. K. Whitton, commanding the
Fifth Regiment of the National Guard of
California, and have been sent to head
quarters:
The following named enlisted men are hereby
discharged from the service ot the State of Cali
fornia, as of the date of this order:
Corj>oral D. A. Valentine, Company A: Pri
vate William C. Ounter. Company A; Private
Esco Ives, Company B; I*rivate W. E. Mortar
ity. Company B; Private W. E. Sanford, Com
pany V,; Private \V. F. Woodson, Company C;
Private Walter H. Nagle, Company E; Private
H. E. Xicholp, Company E: Private L.. J.
Cordee. Company G; Private \V. H. Mack. Com
pany G.
Cpon the recommendation or their respective
company commanders the following appoint
ments of company non-commissioned officers
arc hereby made and announced: Company A,
Private Carroll J. Orton, to be corporal; Com
l>ar.y E, Private Herbert SI. Daniels, to be
musician: Privates Algernon C. Sweetser and
Francis L. Clegg, to be corporals.
Regimental order No. 1!>, ecrtes 1901, as far
p-s !t relates /to the discharge of Private Harry
S. Woodson, U hereby revoked and he is hereby
restored without loss of time. By order of
COLO.VEL ALBERT K. WHITTOX.
J. A. ilARGO. Captain Fifth Infantry. Adjt.
Begnlates Street Advertising.
FRESNO, Jan. 24.— The Mayor to-night
signed an ordinance prohibiting advertis
ing by means of wagrons with drums, bells
or other forms of noise; the distribution
of handbills, the placing of signs on tele
graph poles and the posting of bills on
buildings, fences or other public places.
The Mayor is vested with authority to is-
permits for advertising in exceptional
instances, under such restrictions as ho
deems necessary. The ordinance - also
prohibits the use of any banner or similar
device intended to divert patronage from
any person or business firm. This applies
directly to the wagons used by the labor
unions In boycotting certain alleged "'un
fair" merchants.
Ignores Order of the Court.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 24.— Unless William
Krcst. a well known rancher of Rucker,
this countv, from whom his wife, Mar
garet E. Frost, recently obtained a di
vorce, obeys the findings of the court he
will be punished for contempt. Judge
Hyiand to-day issued an order directing
Frost to appear before him next Tues
riaj and show cause ¦why he should not be
punlthed. Mrs. Frost was granted $700 in
ironey and most of the personal property..
Frost has now refused to deliver the
property to her and will not permit her
to visit or see their child.
Ten Months for Siguxny.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.— Fred N. Pinard,
who was recently convicted of bigamy in
the Superior Court, was to-day sentenced
to ten months' imprisonment in the Coun
ty Jail by Judge Lorigan. About two
years ago Pinard married Emma Alvord.
After a few months he deserted her and
within a year married Stella Herman,
without having obtained a divorce from
his first wife.
Falling Tree Crushes Him.
COVELO, Jan. SL— News of the acci
dental killing of Thomas Stenler .at
Cleone has been • received here. Stenler
was employed by the mill company at
that place. While felling a large redwood
tree he was mistaken as to the direction
the tree would take and was caught and
crushed to death. He leaves a widow
and four small children.
GEORGE DIXON
KNOCKED OUT
IN THE NINTH
"DOC" FLYNN
NO MATCH FOR
TOBY IRWIN
WITH THE TENNIS PLAYERS AND THE HUNTING MEN
WINNEMUCCArNev., Jan. 24— At Gol
conda this 'morning' J. .'•'. J." , Shaughnessy
shot and instantly - killed " Letta' Winston,
a/ woman of Jthe "town.-- The oc
curred in a* lodging-house and there were
no witnesses. -
Takes Life of a "Woman.
NEW YORK. Jan; 24.— Horace S. Fogel
of Philadelphia has been signed .by."An
drew Freedman to manage the New York
baseball team during the coming season,
according to a statement which will -be
published to-morrow by the Journal and
American
Will Manage New York Team.
DOMESTIC PORT.
~ SAN - DIEGO— Arrived Jan 24 — Stmr State
of California, -and 'sailed for San Francisco. .;
Sailed Jan 24; — Stmr St Denis, for Ensenada.
RETURNED. .
.- - ' Friday, January 24.
B Stmr.Eurekar Jessen, hence Jan 24 for Eu
reka, returned on account of carry lnjc. away
foremast. .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
NEWMARKET, England, Jan. 24.— Lew
Warner, an American horseman, died to
day as. the result of a self-inflicted pistol
shot. . His suicide .was due to his. suf
ferings from pleurisy. . William - Duke
brought Warner to England and the lat
ter subsequently joined Edward Corri
gan's stable here. «'." , .
Horseman Takes His Own Life.
•" COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 24:—
Judge Cunningham »to-day granted a writ
of habeas corpus in favor of C. Ai Wel
don, who was arrested here on a charge
of having obtained money by false pre
tenses at McKeesport, Pa., and for whom
the Governor of Pennsylvania had made
a" requisition which Governor Orman had
honored. The Judge held that the indict
ment on which the requisition was based
was "fatally, defective." Weldon claimed
that the charge was unfounded and was
trumped up in order to get him back to
Pennsylvania, where service would be had
on him in a civil suit. - ...
Judge Holds Indictment Defective.
. Fifth race, selling:, one mile and a sixteenth
— Frank McConnell won, Menace second
Choirmaster third. Time^. 1:47%.
Sixth race,; selling, one, mile — The Way won,
Meme Wastell second, •: Blue Ridge third.
Time, 1:42. ¦ V ' : ; •
Fourth ! race, handicap, six furlongs— Death
won. Andes second, Marie Bell third. Time,
l:i:i\(j. - ¦ ¦ - .•¦.¦¦¦. ¦¦¦.-.¦¦ . ' .
Second race, selling.' one . mile — Henry of
Franatamar .won, St. David second, - McWil
liams third. Time, 1:41. -
/Third race, steeplechase handicap,, short
course — Old Fox won, " Harve •" B second • Mr
Rose. third. Time. 2:50. . •"
First race, selling, six and a half furlongs—
Dr.' Hart won, Parnassus second. Colonel
Stone third. Time,' 1:21. ;
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 24. — Crescent City
summary: . . ¦ • \ ¦ . .
New. Orleans Racing.
I The committee will call all other avail
able-persons who can throw light on ex
isting conditions In the Philippines. Es
pecial attention will be given to the re
lationship of the civil and military ad
ministration of affairs in the islands. Sub
committees were appointed to investigate
the two questions of coinage and mining
in the islands, but the full committee will
consider all these questions involved
The sub-committee on coinage is • com
posed of Senators Allison. Beveridge and
Dubois, and that on mining of Senators
McComas, Deitrich and Rawllns.
The investigation will be undertaken for
the purpose of arriving at correct conclu
sions to guide the committee in formu
lating a" government for the Philippine
archipelago and will , be on the basis of
the Lodge bill. It is expected that Gov
ernor Taf t will be the first witness called.
Hearings will begin as soon as he arrives
In Washington. ,-
General Wheaton, commander of lha
Department of the North Philippines,
says men have been. sent to prison here
for remarks; such as those of Professor
Schurmann, and i that if what he advo
cates was accomplished it would mean
the expenditure of much. treasure and the
shedding pfc blood like water. . Now, as
before, he adds, 50,000 soldiers are needed
here and will be required in these islands
for at least 'five years. ; It will then be
possible to>Xorm a government based on
that of the colonies of Holland and Great
Britain, they having proved the most
successful managers of Oriental races
General Chaff.ee | is •¦ expected back from
the Island of Samar January 30.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The Senate
Committee on the Philippines to-day de
cided to enter upon a thorough investiga
tion'of the entire Philippine question, and
Senator Lodge, chairman of the commit
tee, - was authorized to present to the
Senate -. the usual . resolution authorizing
the committee to sit and send for persons
and papers. . .*
MANILA, Jan. 24.— Both the civil and
military authorities here deprecate the
publication in the Philippines of Profes
sor Schurmann's Boston speech and the
minority report in the Senate on the Phil
ippine tariff bill, which, they say, are
liable to have a bad effect on the Fili
pinos.
"A master is under legal obligation to
give to "his discharged servant a state
ment of his service, and whether or not
it was satisfactory; and a discharged
railroad employe cannot, main tain an ac
tion for damages against the company
which discharged him for refusal to fur
nish him a clearance or statement of the
record of his service, although, he may
have been unable to obtain other employ
ment in consequence of such refusal by
the company." ...
Shaffer was discharged by the' rail
road company for " participating ' in a
strike. He claimed that he could not se
cure employment on any other road be
cause the company refused to give him
a certificate of service, and he sued for
damages. The judgment of the lower
court in favor of Shaffer was reversed
by the Supreme Court, the ruling of
which follows: ,
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 24.— The syl
labus of „ the Supreme Court's decision, in
the case of the Nickel Plate Company
against Frank Shaffer, involving' the
"blacklist," which was given out to-day,
sustains the railroad company.
The arguments were begun during tho
afternoon and it is expected, the case will
go to the jury to-morrow noon. -The in
structions will, it is said, favor acquittal.
The State will demand a verdict for mur
der in the first or second degree.
She told how her husband, jealous of
Fife and their family physician, had.wnen
under the influence of liquor, made ac
cusations against her. Then as a climax
her attorneys produced a letter written
by Richardson to his wife while ho waa
an inmate of a— drink-cure institute. It
exonerated the defendant of . the slurs
against her character, 1 acknowledged the
writer's own guilt and begged humbly for
forgiveness. The reading of the letter
proved a sensational bit of evidence. ;
With emphasis she denied all knowledge
of the murder and with snap refuted in
sinuations that her conduct with Stewart
Fife, a clerk in her husband's store and
now awaiting trial himself for complicity
in the crime, had been anything but
proper. : ,
She toid how she had remained at home
alone to fix the Christmas tree for the
children, how when she heard her hus
band approaching she turned the light
low and prepared to surprise him when
he should enter, how the footsteps of two
people had been heard, a moment later
the cry, "Has it come to this?" and then
the shot fired in the darkness that ended
Richardson's life..
PLATTSBURG. Mo., Jan. 24.— Between
sobs Mrs. Addie B. , Richardson to-day
made her own defense of the charge of
having killed her husband, Frank W.
Richardson, who was murdered in their
home at Savannah on the night before
Christmas in 1900.
Important Decision Is
. Rendered in an Ohio
Case.
Authorities ab Manila
Object to Some Pub
lications.
Mrs. Addie Richardson
Becomes Indignant
in Court.
FEAR EFFECT
ON FILIPINOS
RAILROADS WINS
A LEGAL FIGHT
Time — To'Vi. :22;'to"%. :47% :" last %, 1:03)4; short %, 1:13%. Bad start. Won all out
Second and third driving:. Winner, D. S. Fountain's ch. h. by Matt Byrnes-Bar Maid'
Burns well ridden. Formero came from far back. Mountebank tired some. Reina d? Cuba,
showed no speed. Dunblane Couldn't untrack himself and tried to run out Scratrhrri
Clarello 115, Marineuse 113, Pompino 117. Maresa 111, Quiz II 113. . »L e ft. ot -™icnea—
Track Notes.
The Lissak handicap over a mile and
valued at $1500 is the-feature: of the card
at Oakland to-day.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events. - v-
First Race —Five furlongs, polling; maiden
three-year-old3: . • • .
3179 Annie Max ..117 3101 Dwlght "Way. .117
3170 Knocklngs ..,117 3170 Tibs 117
3174 Chandoo 122 3120 Baltest 11!)
Breton 122 3174 John H. Carr.119
3188 Sir Claus ...110 2938 Major Bird. ..122
3188 The Maniac ..110 31S8 Angeleno 122
Second Race —One and : three-eigrhth • miles.
Hurdle handicaps four-year-olds and upward:
3047 Spry Lark ..125 ....Flashlight ...135
3160" Duke York 11.148 3168 Loyal S 127
300C Mazo 130 3090 Solano 128
Third Race —Four furlongs, purse; two-year
olds :
3109 H. Chancellor.110% 31G!) Irish Lassie...107
(31Sl)Sylvia Talbot.lla (3187)Adirondack ..115
Prestolus 115 3187 Dotterel 107
Fourth Race —One mile, the Lissak handicap;
three-year-olds and upward:
3176 The Fretter ..106 (3189)Muresca ..... 85
3183 Halmetta 80 (3183)Corrigan 107
31C6 Janice 108 (3190)Diderot 88
3123 Eonic 92 (3165)The Pride ...118
Fifth Race —Five and a half furlongs, selling;
four-year-olds and upward:
3173 Eldred Ill 3173 Marineuse ...113
3142 Go Out 110 2933 Scintillate ...105
25S9 Screen. Lake.. 101 3186 Berendos ....ll.">
3153 R. d. S. Juan.117 3107 Clarello 118
3180 Intrada 101 3167 John Welch...117
2908 Casdale 117 3083 Koenig 117
CHARGE EXCITES
WEEPING WOMAN
"Dell" Fountain's horse, Bard Burns, an
8 to 1 shot in the betting, captured the
closing Futurity course sprint in a mild
drive with Formero. Dunblane, the fa
vorite, piloted by Bullman, ran as if he
had never seen a racetrack before, .finish
ing last. ' t * .
Just as he did some four years ago when
a public idol, Pat Morrissey spreadeagled
his field in the mile and a furlong selling
affair. The old fellow was one of the fa
vorites, and with Johnny Woods in the
saddle, never left the result in doubt,
splashing home three lengths before Hun
garian. Siddons ran only a fair third, de
spite O'Connor's hard urging.
A runaway trip to Butchertown in the
morning apparently did not sharpen the
speed of Meehanus, for Caesar Young's
sprinter, with Ransch up, finished third
to Matt Hogan and Captivate in the third
event. He ruled a 3 to 5 favorite and
faded away when called upon in the
stretch, Matt Hogan downing the long
shot two lengths. Sam Fullen displayed
none of his old-time speed. ¦
Winnie O'Connor started in well by
landing Moabina first for the opening
sprint. The filly closed an 8 to 5 favorite
and, hard ridden at the close, downed
Malaspina a length. Phyllis, a 15 to 1
shot, ran third.
Johnny Daly, seated astride the 90
pounder Legal Maxim, led throughout in
the mile selling run. Seven to 1 could be
had about the Jones' entry, which ran in
four lengths before Bragg and Tyranus,
two of the first choices.
- successes of the day before were
still. fresh in the minds of the men on the
block, and when the blonde young man
went down the line they were as nervous
in handling his coin as Is a bridegroom
at a church wedding. . Lewis did not grow
stoop shouldered carrying around the
money he won yesterday. He started
well by betting a thousand on Moabina,
and further on won a good bet on Matt
Hogan, but the defeats of Onyx, Gray
feld and Siddons all proved costly and
would have been more so if some of the
pencilers had not been afraid to handle
the wagers proffered them.
The track was in a muddy condition
and horses possessing early speed were
usually the contenders at the wire. Three
favorites won purses, the victory of the
old mud lark, Pat Morrissey, being an
especially popular one.
There was no stopping the brown horse
Kenilworth in the handicap at seven fur
longs, even though " shouldering 126
pounds. Because of a heavy play on
Grayfeld as good as 2 to 1 was at one
time obtainable about Kenilworth. It
proved just like "oil from the can," for
Stover's horse set a clip that made the
others groggy. He won almost easily at
the finish. Grayfeld lost the place to Co
lonial Girl.
PLUNGER" LEWIS was on hand
bright and early yesterday to
play another hand with . the
bookies at Oakland track. His
Kenilworth Is Never Headed in the Handicap at Oak=
land===Pat Morrissey Wiins.
"PLUNGER" LEWIS DOES NOT CASH
ALL THE BETS HE PUTS DOWN
The weather was showery and unset
tled' all over the State ; yesterday. The
heaviest rainfall was in the south. A cold
wave is said to be on Its way here frvn
east ' of the Bitter Root -Mountains and
Forecaster Me A.die says that snow . will
fall in, the mountains of California as a
result. All east-bound travelers are ad
vised to stay at home for awhile on ac
count of . unusually stormy weather be
tween here and the- Mississippi. The
weather for San Ftancisco to-day Is pre
dicted to be cooler, but still unsettled.
Cold Wave Is Coming'.
In • commemoration of the discovery of
gold by Marshall on January 24, 1843, the
Society of California Pioneers held a re
ception last evening at Pioneer Hall. The
affair was a decided success. Scattered
among the dancers was a goodly sprink
ling of pioneers, who took as much en
joyment from the '¦ dancing as any one.
It was an imposing sight to see these
gray-haired veterans whirl their partners
in the waltz and ¦Virginia reel. After
the dance refreshments were served.
Pioneers Give Reception.
With regard to a report that had been
circulated to the effect that "Jake" Ru
dolph was contemplating making trouble
among certain dignitaries of Sausalito,
Rudolph enters an emphatic" denial. He
denies that he has ever been, a resi
dent of that township. He, more than
that, disclaims the slightest intention of
harming or in any way whatsoever inter
fering with "Billy" Harrison. "I am a
good citizen," says Rudolph, "minding my
own business and I will continue to do so
if left alone." •
"Jake" Rudolph's Disclaimer.
The case of Francisco Cava, a saloon
keeper on Pacific street, charged with
battery upon Argelo Pagello, a peanut
vendfer at Turk and Market streets, was
tried before a jury in Judge Cabanlss"
court yesterday afternoon. The evidence
showed f hat Cava and Pagello had been
suitors for the same girl and Cava won.
Pagello since the marriage two years
ago had been makings insulting remarks
about* Mrs. Cava, and Cava was finally
told by his wife of what. Pagello had
been saying about her. Cava armed him
self with a piece of iron and went after
Pagello; hitting him on the head. The
jury brought in a verdict of guilty. Cava
will be sentenced next Thursday.
Defends His Wife's Name.
."William C. Charrls presented a pitiable
spectacle in Judge Mogan's court yester
day. He looked like a living skeleton,
and had to be supported by two police
men while standing up. He is a con
firmed ' morphine "fiend," and was found
asleep on the sidewalk at Kearny and
Sacramento streets early yesterday morn
ing. He was charged with vagrancy, and
told the Judge that he wanted to be sent
to a hospital to die. The Judge sentenced
him to six months in the County Jail and
said he would see. that he received med
ical treatment. ."
Victim of Morphine Habit.
M. Secrestat Jr., the son of a merchant
of Bordeaux, France, arrived at La
Guayra, January 14, with the in
tention of going to Caracas to
protest there against the seizure of
the estates of Matos by the Ven
ezuelan Government the general's prop
erty having been legally leased to M.
Secrestat fc>r. The French Government.
January 16, cabled to Caracas, instructing
the French Consul there to insist that M.
Secrestat Jr. be allowed to land.
PARIS, Jan. 24.— The French Govern
ment this afternoon received a cable mes
sage from the French Consul at Caracas,
Venezuela, announcing that President
Castro has absolutely refused to allow M.
Secrestat Jr. to land,' in- spite of the Con
sul's repeated vigorous protests.
It is claimed that this incident makes it
necessary for the French Government to
take the steps .necessary to cause i?'rench
citizens to be respected and it i3 believed
that the French cruisers Tage and Suchet,
now at Fort de France, will receive orders
to go to La Guayra. The French cruiser
D'fistres is at Carupano, a seaport town
in the State of Bermudese.
Tne Consul made inquiries on the sub
ject which established tne iact that Gen
eral Matos was not at Martinique or Tnii
idad when the St. Laurent «toUched at
those islands, but was off tne Venezuelan
coast on board the revolutionist steamer
La Libertador. All the passengers of the
St. Laurent and notably the secretary of
the Spanish legation at Caracas assert
that tne behavior of Secrestat was always
most correct and tnat he did not see
Matos. . . •
. It is held by the authorities that while
the French line steamer St. Laurent, on
which Secrestat was a. passenger, was at
Fort de France, island of Martinique, or
at the island of Trinidad, he conferred
•with General Matos, . the revolutionary
leader.'
WILLEMSTAD, island of Curacao, Jan.
24.— In spite of the protests made by the
French Consul here President Castro has
sustained the action of the Venezuelan
authorities at La. Guayra, who refused to
permit M. Secrestat Jr. of Bordeaux to
land, although the Government had pre
viously assured the Consul that the trav
eler might debark.
Action of Venezuelan
Authorities Stirs
Trouble!
IRE OF FRANCE
NOW AROUSED
G. H. Frederick, who died here a few
days ago, left a will, 'Which was filed for
probate yesterday, in which he directs
that his estate be distributed share and
share alike to his four children when the
youngest of whom shall have reached the
age of 21 years. Until that event occurs
the property is to be held in trust -by K.
H. Plate and Emilio Wallach.
The will ofthe late Richard Hellmann
was filed for probate yesterday. He leaves
his interest in the firm of Hellmann Bros.
& Co. to his son, H. G. Hellmann, and
directs that the rest of his property be
sold and the proceeds turned over to his
widow, j
Wills Filed for Probate.
The success of the recent cross-country
walk of Olympic Club members has made
that pastime a favorite one with the ath
letes. President William Greer Harrison
has accepted an invitation for the mem
bers to visit San Mateo County on Febru
ary 9. The pedestrians will take the elec
tric cars of the San Mateo line to Baden,
from which point. they will walk to Bur
lingame, a distance of about eight miles.
They will be entertained at luncheon at
the Burlingame Clubhouse.
Leader John A. Hammersmith is ar
ranging, an ambitious programme for the
first ladies' night of the year, next
Wednesday. There will be music, various
athletic numbers and a fancy drill by-six
teen cadets from Mount Tamalpais Mili
tary Academy.
For the amusement of the members who
enjoy watching a lively bout with the
gloves, - & programme of six special
matches is being prepared. These will be
held in the gymnasium early in February.
Another Cross Country
Walk, Ladies' Night
and Boxing.
MANY EVENTS
FOR OLYMPIC
CLUB MEMBERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, l»02.
OAKLAND BACKTRACK— Friday,. Jan. 24.— Weather fine. • Track sloppy.
THE CADLU RACING":: FORM CHART.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
A STRAIGHT SHOT
Brought About by Accident.
A lady who accidentally began eating
Grape-Xuts and quickly- discovered the
strength that she gained felt disposed to
write regarding .the food.
She says: "Grape-Xuts has done so
much for me. When I came out of school
I was broken down In health from over-
work and nervousness. Every summer
during the hot weather I have been prac-
tically exhausted and generally have lost
Jive pounds or over.
"Quite by accident I began using Grape-
Kuts and thought I liked it very much at
first, but the taste grew on me so much
that I am extravagantly fond of It. I ate
it all last summer and was surprised to
find that, I kept up with plenty of
strength, my nerve force increased, and I
lost no flesh.
"I know exactly •what has sustained inc.
for I have made no change in my way. of
living except to take on Grape-Nuts. I
never tire of it I always use it with cold
cream in summer and warm cream in win-
ter. This is a straightforward, honest let-
ter, and 1 trust it will be of service to
yfiu." Lucy J. Rowen, Cedar .Falls, Ia.
Hunter
Whiskey
.'/.'Stands alone, singled out
Only one can be best and
it is this superb product of
thft stiP
Unique, Uniform,
Inimitable
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.,
Inc., 223-225 California St, San
Francisco, Cal.
Telephone Main 873.SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 24.— In' the will' of the
late Thomas Snodsrass of Watsonville. ad
mitted to-day to probate, Pajaro Lodge of. Odd
Fellows is bequeathed pictures and valuable
ecgravln&s worth $2500,
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24. — The ¦ allegation made
by Jacob . Dorn of . San Francisco that he had
been swindled inn. Los Gatos land deal -.was
not sustained In the . decision -: rendered , to-day
In Dorn's suit . against , R. \ F. > Robertson ; and
others to recover $600 damages.- The court
decided acalnst'hlm, ¦
Towing the; Steamer Noyo.
COVELO, , Jan. 24.— The . steamer Noyo,
in tow of the 'National/ City, ; left rFort
Bragg ] at 2 o'clock , this afternoon for , San
Francisco.';. The crew 1 rigged" a < jury ; rud
der, to. the steamer. Repairs will be made
at once and she will be ready for service
Verv. soon. -¦¦'-.•..¦ ¦--. . ¦:,.:.,.*-. v;;;..;.
.GETTYSBURG, IN, JULY, 1863.— At Golden
Gate Hall, Monday evening, January 27, W. A.
Jacobs will deliver, a' lecture on "Gettysburg.
July 1,"2, 3, 1863.':,. The lecture, which Is to be
given. under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Post, G. A.R., will be illustrated by specially
prepared maps. *_¦ There will . be > no charge ¦ for
admission. ; Comrades and their families are
invitAd to AltAZI^'flHttlNHPMBBiB^HSSHBHBO^Kl
OXNARD, Cal., Jan. 24.— News has
reached here of the death of J. A. White
more, editor of the Oxnard Courier, at a
sanatorium in San Francisco. Whit'emore
was a graduate of the University of Mich
igan and a prominent figure in southwest
ern journalism i for twenty-five years He
SK^ ln*£ thQ SaiX B *™**°
Oxnard Editor Dies.
PETALUMA, Jan: 24.— William R.
Wells, Petaluma' s ¦ oldest physician, died
to-day at the age of 80 years:. He is sur
vived • by a widow and t three daughters.
He practiced here for fifty,, years.
William B. Wells.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Jan. 24.— Oliver
Lipplncott, the Los Angeles chauffeur, in
his automobile Toledo climbed Knob Hill,
a sixteen per cent grade, between here
and the Grand Canyon, in six inches of
snow. The test was made before a com
mittee of the New Automobile Transpor
tation Company and was one of the most
difficult ever attempted. The new com
pany expects to have fifteen passenger
automobiles running to the Grand Canyon
by May L . *
Automobile Flows Through Snow.
Frank Anderson, who resides on How
ard street,;- between . Second ,'; and Third,
was! held up last night about -11 o'clock
on Second - street, ' between ;' Mission and
Howard. Six men were in , the gang, but
they did not secure . any money. Ander
son-will be asked to ; inspect the men ar
rested 'last, night, ras;it is thought some
of. them may have been concerned in tho
robbery. / ; .... . ...
Failed to Get Any Money.
SPOKANE, Jan. 24.-W. V A. Lewis a
pioneer attorney, was convicted to-dav in
the Superior Court of embezzling $1500 from
a client. Lewis and family wereTrom™
nent in^ society. the discovery of
his embezzlement was made he fled to
Seattle and remained there in hiding for
several months. Detected and brought
back here, he was released on bond and
fled to Denver. He was caught ther* anS
returned here for trial. ere and
Attorney Bobs ; His Client.
Second, J.. K. Koeter.New York, 647; third
J. H. Berlin, Chicago, 643; fourth, Hill3 #
Cleveland, 617; fifth. Reed, Columbus, 612;
sixth; Egelhof, . Brooklyn, 600 ; seventh' V
Stein. Chicago, G07; v eighth, Smith, Brooklyn*
603; ninth, Dtedrlck.- New York, 597; tenth'
Schlenk.- Belleville.. 111., 593; eleventh. Kern
St. Louis. 590; twelfth,. .Selbach, Columbus
589; thirteenth, Howley. Chicago '5S8;> four
teenth. Poses, Buffalo. 586; fifteenth, Ilother
nell. New York. 5S3 ; sixteenth. Blake, New
York. 5S0; seventeenth, Farley, Kansas City,
578; eighteenth, Voorhees, "New -York. ; 577
nineteenth. Bellmer, New York, 576; twentieth
Collins. Columbus. O.f 575.. : . ;,y ¦
BUFFALO, N. Y., Jan. 24.— The annual
tournament of the^ American Bowling
Congress ended to-night. -Of theNJndlvld
ual bowlers H. H. Strong won flrst'money
with a score of 649 pins., The other,lead
ing scores were:
American Bowling Champions.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to Ferdinand Re
horst, aged 29 years, and Amelia Jergens,
39. both of Oakland; Henry R. Silva, SI,
and Annie Rose. 25, both of Alvarado;
Patrick Gegan, 23, and Julia Cuddyra, 23,
both of Oakland; James Nee, 27, and Deiia
Sullivan, 25, both of Oakland; Paul M.
Doyle, 29, and Katherine E. Doyle, 22, both
of Truckee. . s. .
Licensed to Marry.
LONDON, . Jan. 24.— Replying in . the
House ¦ of • Commons ¦ to-day to questions
regarding the Government's ¦ Eastern pol
icy,' Lord Cranborne, Under Secretary: for
Foreign Affairs, said the occupation of a
port on the Persian Gulf . by Russia or
any other" foreign power would be Incon
sistent with • the maintenance of - the
status auo.s which It was "the policy, of
the Government to maintain there. In
regard' to Manchuria,-' said . Lord Cran
borne,'it. was the Government's policy to
maintain the status quo in China, as de
termined by treaty.
"Status Quo" Troubles Britain.
Judge Graham granted , Serrafina Salva-"
rezza a divorce from Glussepi Salvarezza
yesterday* on the ground' of desertion.
"Unhappy, Couple Separated.
SEATTLE, Jan. 24.— Otto Cawthorn, an
lS-year-old boy employed to run the ele
vator in the Standard Furniture Com
pany's building, was killed to-day while
attempting to leave the cage as the ele
vator was rising from the first floor. His
body was caught between the floor of the
elevator and the ceiling and terribly
mangled.
Crushed by an Elevator.
.In accordance with the foreroimr «,.*«
the McCulloch sailed yesterday. B "
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24-Captain Shoe
maker, chief of the revenue cutter ser
vice, to-day sent telegraphic instructions
to the cutter Hugh McCulloch. now at
San Francisco, to join in the search for
the lost British cruiser Condor ThJ "m/
Culloch's orders are to "sail well out an*
as far north as the mouth of the Colum
bia River." North of that point the 2ut"
ter Grant is making the search
To Search for. the Condor.
A fire broke out at the residence of Mrs.
P. M. Aronson, 1342 Geary street, at 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon. A valuable
library sustained -considerable damage,
the losses amounting to over $2000. The
fire was caused by a defective flue.
Fire on Geary Street.
Captain Seymour was informed last
night that Charles rDoolan, who is await
ing, trial in the City Prison for burglary,
served as one of President Roosevelt's
rough. riders during the war with Spain.
During the' battle of San Juan he won
distinction for his bravery and was pro
moted to the rank of sergeant major. V
After being discharged he came. to this
city, bearing a letter from Roosevelt to
President McKinley, In which the writer,
after speaking of his brilliant record as
a defender of the stars and stripes, rec
ommended that he be awarded a medal
for bravery. "
Doolan, while Intoxicated several nights
ago, was arrested with a suit of clothes
which he had stolen from a room south
of - Market street. . He was charged with
burglary. ' ' — ¦¦¦-'- '¦"¦'¦
His case Is, to be heard next . Tuesday.
FOUGHT WITH ROOSEVELT.
PETALUMA. Jan. 24.— Albert Miller, a
woodcutter, hanged himself in a deserted
cabin on the Katen ranch north of here
to-day. He strung himself to a rafter
with a blanket cord. Miller gave no hint
of his intention to his partner. Otto
Hedke, whom he left at breakfast Miller
v.as a young man, born at Bloomfleld,
and has relatives there.
Hangs Kim self With a Cord.
Timothy Paige, a prominent real estate
owner of this city, died yesterday at his
late residence, 2516 Pacific avenue. 1 The
deceased was a native of Hardwlck,
Mass.; and 78 years of . age. . Paige was
for many years actively engaged in the
real estate business.
Death of Timothy Paige.
Foreshadows Doom, of the Bowery.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— A raid of un
usual proportions was made by nearly 100
policemen on the Bowery to-night. Sev
eral notorious resorts were closed and
thirty-two prisoners locked up. The raids
foreshadow the doom of the Bowery, for
they marked the preliminary step in the
wholesale cleaning of that thoroughfare.
In nearly every raid the proprietor of the
resort was arrested.
Jack Crow vs. Billy O'Brien, 105 pounds;
Barney Drlscoll vs. Monte ¦ Attell, - 105; Jack
McCormack vs. Dan Sullivan, 118; Joe Regan
vs. John Smelter, 125; Fred Landers vs. Charles
Royal, 122; Tommy Snailham vs. Al Crawford,
118; Frank George vs. Ed Tomalty, . 135.
The monthly boxing exhibition of I the
Bay City Athletic Club will be held Tues
day evening in Mechanics' Pavilion An
nex. The programme follows :
Bay City Club Fights,
It was through Mrs. Nellie Breslln of
¦910 Folsom street that the stolen jewelry
was traced to the .. Chinese, pawnshop.
Yesterday afternoon she went to a pawn
shop at 25 Stockton street and offeree!
a diamond ring for sale. The ring was
at once recognized ! by ' the proprietor ' as
the property of Mr. Mendelsohn. Mrs.
Breslin, when questioned, said she had
been given the ring by her husband and
as she was temporarily short of money
she concluded to sell it. Her husband,
when seen, corroborated his wife's story
and told the detectives that he had pur
chased .the ring from the Chinese pawn
broker. As his story was found to be
true the Chinaman was arrested and
formally '¦ charged. The detectives . know
the burglar who got away with the; jew
elry and they expect -to arrest him to-day.
Detectives McMahon arid Riordan have
traced part of the jewelry, stalen from
the residence of*s A. Mendelsohn, at 9
Hyde street, on the night of January 13,
to a Chinese pawnshop on Dupont street.
You Duck, the proprietor, was arrested
and charged with receiving stolen prop
erty.
A. Mendelsohn's Residence.
Police Recover Plunder Taken /From
FIND STOLEN JEWELRY.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 24.— Mary Gal
lagher and Fannie Ystrada were brought
up from Watsonvllle to-day and lodged
in jail, pending a hearing before Justice
Hawkins. They are charged with having
threatened to kill their brother. Sydney
Gallagher. For some years there has
been litigation over the Gallagher estate,
resulting in family discord. The accused
women formerly taught school in thia
county.
Causes His Sisters' Arrest.
LEADVTLLE, Colo., Jan. 24.— A freight
wreck occurred this morning at Pando,
twenty miles west of Leadville, resulting
in the death of Fireman Healy and En
gineer J. P. Reddy, both of Salida. A
westbound freight became unmanageable
after leaving Tennessee Pass when on
the down grade. The thermometer was
twenty degrees below zero and the air
brakes refused to work. About a mile
from Pando the train jumped the track.
The locomotive and sixteen' of the eigh
teen freight cars were piled in a heap and
were destroyed by fire, which soon ig
nited them.
Engineer Reddy was so badly injured
that he died on the way to the hospital.
The charred remains of Fireman Healy
were found under a pile of wreckage.
Brakeman Philip Kelly was badly in
jured.
TWO LIVES ABE LOST
IN A TBAIN WBECK
In the east end of Alton, where the pop
ulation is more dense, nearly every one
left their beds and some got into the
street. Some of the negroes thought the
end of the world had come.
Nearly everybody in Belleville, 111. felt
the earthquake. The time given general
ly was about 5 o'clock. Belleville is
honeycombed by coal mines and there
was probably more fright in the St. Clair
County capital than elsewhere when the
nature of-the visitation was realized
KANSAS 'CITY, Jan. 24—What is be
lleved to have beea an earthquake shock
was experienced in the northeast extrem
ity of the city early this morning. The
movement was slight and no damage re-
"I was awakened suddenly about 4:15
a. m. I first heard a slight rumbling.
Then the house trembled. Finally so
great was the vibration that all the mem
bers of the family got ready to take to
the street. Everything in the house that
could give forth a sound aided the din
It seemed as if the shock lasted a min
ute. It was very severe."
Dr. Hyatt, the local Weather Bureau
chief, says an acquaintance of his from
Clifton Heights reported that the shocks
there were very severe and several per
sons went into their yards, fearing the
houses would be shaken down. The
shocks were felt distinctly in the tri-citic3
across the river, in Illinois. In Venice
buildings shook and windows rattled so
that residents believed an explosion had
occurred in the neighborhood.
QUINCY. 111., Jan. 24.— There was a
pronounced earthquake here at 4:40 thl*
morning. The seismic disturbance lasted
nearly a minute and the oscillation was
from east to west. The shaking of walls
was perceptible in many brick residences.
The earthquake was felt very distinctly
at Alton. .111. In the west end of that
city, on the bluffs, the vibration was most
severe. Captain D. S. Parks^ who lives in
Bluffs, said:
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 24.— Two distinct
shocks of earthquake were' felt In St.
Louis and vicinity this morning. The first
shock was light. The second was more
severe. It awakened persons who had
slept through the first shock and got
them out of bed. The shocks were ac
companied by a rumbling sound and oc
casioned the rattling ' of crockery and
swinging of pictures.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 24.— Smallpox is epi
demic among the Indians and half-breeds
in Plumas County. Ten cases are report
ed In Indian Valley and three in Honey
Lake Valley, with one death. Two deaths
have occurred in the Lowery family,
half-breeds, at Greenville. Eleven , cases
among whites are reported at Crescent
Mills, one of them being W. W. Hail, tel
egraph operator. ;
The disease has been pronounced con
fluent : smallpox by Drs. Hanvey and
Koenig of Plumas County^It is in a mlJd
form among the whites. It Is supposed
that the disease was brought to Indian
Valley from Honey Lake by an Indian
who died of it six , weeks ago.
j Beckwith has fourteen cases of what is
claimed to be only chicken-pox.
Many Cases and Several Deaths Are
Reported From Frontier -
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 24.— The ex
ecutive officers of the United Mine Work
ers of America were re-elected to-day
without a dissenting vote among all the
thousand delegates attending the annual
convention of the organization. They are:
President, John Mitchell; vice president,
T. L, Lewis; secretary and treasurer, W.
B. Wilson. r'. ;V:
The convention adopted a resolution ap
propriating ?500 to the national McKinley
memorial fund, after a prolonged discus
sion. Delegate W. D. Ryan of Illinois
was one of those who opposed the ap
propriation .of funds for any purpose
"other than those ends for which the
money was collected." Finally President
Mitchell said: ¦¦/
"In order to bring this matter to a set
tlement I move that the secretary be In
structed to draw his warrant for $o00.
President Mitchell's motion was carried
with cheers. •
The following resolutions recommended
by President Mitchell In his annual ad
dress were adopted: That locals through
out the country petition their Represen
tatives In Congress to favor the limitation
of the power of Federal judges in the is
suance of blanket Injunctions in times of
labor troubles; that a national department
of statistics be created; providing for the
appointment of , a committee of five per
sons to draw up suitable resolutions
favoring Chinese exclusion. ;
BAVAGES! OF SMALLPOX
AMONG PLTJMAS "INDIANS
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 24.-Sheriff Tay
lor's deputies to-day rounded up thre*
men who will be detained in jail until the
San Francisco police officers see them.
The prisoners are Charle3 Erwingr, J. M.
Farland and Edward Cramp, alias
Charles Beck. The latter is an
old offender. He had a note book
containing entries made when he was a
"trusty" in some County Jail. He re
fuses to answer questions. The other two
men were suspected of being Implicated
in the holdup of Harry Miller between
here and Novato some nights ago. but
Miller could not identify them. Tramps
have been rather numerous here of late,
and many misdeeds have been charged
to them. The latest was the holdup of
Miller.
Tramps Arrested on Suspicion.
SHARP TEMBLOR
CAUSES ALARM
The Governor recommends a bl-partlsan
commission of three members, who will
protect the people and yet not injure the
property of the roads. >¦
OLTMPIA, Wash., Jan. 24.— Governor
McBride to-day issued a proclamation op
posing .the railroad merger under the
name of the Northern Securities Com
pany. Governor McBride . declares the
community of Interest in the operation of
railroads is dangerous, because of the in
security of individuals making it up. Such
community of Interest, he says, stifles
competition, which is the only protection
in this State against railroads. The Gov
ernor declares that the people should pre
pare to enforce their rights and should
act for their own protection, whether the
present suit in Minnesota stands or falls.
It continues: - v ..^ •:¦
"Suppose the Injunction prayed for
should be granted, is the danger at an
end? If the same parties own or control
a majority of the stock of • the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific, what is
to prevent them throttling all competi
tion? The destruction of the Northern
Securities Company, if that can be accom
plished, would be a step in the right di
rection, .but would not, . in my judgment,
be a complete cure for the threatened
evil."
Judge Hall rendered his decision in the
case of Bernard Noy of Alameda, who Is
suing his wife. Freda Noy, for divorce on
the ground that she was recreant In her
wifely duties. ' One of the Incidental
charges contained in the complaint is that
Mrs. Noy frequently absented hersolf
from home at night without Informing
her husband where she was going. To thl3
allegation Attorney R. B. Tappan of Ala
meda took exception.
"I maintain," he said, while presenting
the matter to Judge Hall, "that a wife
has got as much right to stay away from
home as a husband. Husbands frequently
stay away from home at night and they
sometimes forget to tell their wives about
it. Now, why hasn't a wife just as much
right to do that thing as her spouse?"
"But they don't represent that they
have been at one place when they have
been at another," replied Attorney M. W.
Simpson, • representing the husband.
"Well, she might have told an untruth,
but that doesn't curtail her rights in the
least. Husbands who stay out all night
don't always take the trouble to tell their
wives the truth.": ¦>-.-•-;
"It is my opinion that Mr. Tappan Is"
right in this matter," said Judge Hali. "I
agree with him that a wife has as much
right to stay out nights as her husband,
and unless they have an understanding it
is not necessary that they inform each
other where they are going to spend the
evening." .'./.'
The court sustained Tappan's demurrer
on that point, but said the decision did
not go to the main charge of the com
plaint. :
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 24.
Under a ruling made by Judge Hall to
day wives have just as much right to stay
out nights as their husbands. He docs
not think that there should be any dis
tinctions between the pne or the other,
and if one stays out the other has a per
fect right to do so, too. They needn't
tell each other where they are going or
where they are staying, either.
We have not heard from him for over a
month, which fact has caused me some uneasi
ness, as he has always been in the habit of
writing home weekly.
I do not know of any reason why he should
be despondent or wish to end his life.
George met his brother Ed In Sacramento a
short time agp and to him he said they would
never meet again, as he (George) was going to
commit suicide.- As he was intoxicated at the
time no attention was paid to his statements.
When drinking he is not responsible for what
he says, but when sober is quiet and indus
trious.
It is not at all unlikely that he would be in
Oakland or that he would make threats to take
his life, as he is In the habit of roaming around
to different places after working a while and
at such times drinks heavily until his money
is cone.
I have two sons who are not at home at
present, but I think the one referred* to is
George W. Baldwin Jr.. who is my eldest son,
but to my knowledge he has not been living
in Oakland. The last time we heard from him
he was working In a copper mine at Lancha
Plana, Amador County, where he had been for
some • time.
The landlady at the Vendome has only
an indistinct recollection of the young
man's appearance, save that he was tall
and of fairly good address. She was so
much impressed, however, by his ex
tremely melancholy manner that she had
a. premonition of some evil impending
over him, which she recalled on opening
the letter. The missive has been held at
the hotel office, as is the custom of the
house in such cases, awaiting a claimant.
So far the police have discovered no clew
to the young man's .identity."
The Morgue records furnish no clew
to the mysterious stranger's identity. No
unidentified bodies have been taken to
the Morgue. within the last two weeks.
George W. Baldwin Sr., who is men
tioned in the foregoing letter as the writ
er's father, was Interviewed last night at
Nevada City.' He was greatly surprised.
He said:
This is my last letter on this earth. I know
it will kill you. Good-by, dear father, and all
I hope is that I will cee you in the other land.
The stranger called at the hotel late on
the night of the 7th inst., and said that
all the money he had in the world was 20
cents. He asked if he could get a bed
for that amount. Taking pity on his for
lorn appearance, the landlady allowed
him to stay. In the morning after he
left the letter was found on the bureau
and taken to the office. It was opened
to-day and at once taken to police head
quarters. The envelope bears the address,
"George W. Baldwin. Nevada City, Cal."
and the letter is as follows:
OAKLAND.
Dear Father: I am discouraged. I know I
will never see your dear face on this earth
again. I am ready to commit a great crime.
I have worked hard all the days of my life,
dear father. Now I am going to take my life,
and foreive me for the first' time I have done
wrong. I have grot a few things at Wallace in
Calaveras County, in the care of James Good
man. Tou write to him for the things and he
will send them to you, dear father.
This is my last day on this earth. I hope
that we will meet in heaven. I know that it
will kill you, but this has to be done.
From your lost and loving son. '
GEORGE W. BALDWIN.
A letter containing a confession of a
son's determination to end his life was
turned over to the police to-day by the
proprietor of the Hotel Vendome, Ninth
and Washington streets, .where it was
left, sealed and addressed, but unstamped,
two weeks ago by a young man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 24.
KINGMAN, Ariz., Jan. 24.— At Burns'
ranch, thirty miles northwest of here.
John J. Tobin shot and seriously wound
ed George N. Conard. a cattleman, yes
terday. The shooting was over posses
sion of the ranch. Tobin fired two
charges of buckshot at Conard, one tak
ing effect in the right arm, after which
he seized Conard's rifle and shot him,
through the fleshy part of the. left leg.
Tobin was assisted in the fight by his
wife. Tobin had been forcibly removed
from the ranch by the Sheriff a week ago
an£ again took possession in the absenco
of Conard. The couple are now under ar
rest In Chloride.
QUARREL OVER RAXCS
BESUXTS IN SHOOTING
WIVES MAY ALSO
STAY 0 UT NIGHTS
first part of the programme with its end
men, jokes and songs. This 'will be fol
lowed by specialties by school alumni and
outside talent Two little girls will ap
pear before the footlights. They are Ruth
Fisher, a clever impersonator, who will
sing darky songs, and Beth Jeter, whose
specialty is ballad singing.
Among the high school boys who will
give specialties are George Warren, Ber
nard McMahon, Richard Sweasey and
Chester Stanley. The end men will be
Charles Monson, Chester Stanley, Walter
Clark and A. Klstner. Hewitt Davenport
and other members of the alumni will as
sist in making the entertainment a suc
cess.
nounced that William Strother, the negro
attendant who is held in connection with
the tragedy, visited his place at 11:35
o'clock on the night of the murder and
purchased two cigars.
In ail his statements Strother has not
mentioned this absence from the bath
house, contending that he was there con
tinuously through the evening until he
discovered Cooper unconscious on tMe cot.
This evening Strother confessed to
Chief Desmond that he had taken thd
diamond ring and the diamond stud found
in the basement of the bath house.
This confession was made after a se
vere "sweat" given the negro at the Four
Courts on the return from the visit to the
scene of the crime made by Chief Des
raond and Strother this morning. Stro
ther says he took the diamonds at the
murdered man's request. Strother says
that Cooper told him that he expected a
visit from "a party that would rob a
-make." Strother says ne had the dia
monds in his mouth when he went over
to notify the family of Cooper's precari
ous condition. • When he came back, he
says, one of the physicians asked him to
get some hot water. At this time, he
Eays, he went down into the basement
and there hid the diamonds. It was his
intention to turn over the diamonds to
the family later, but after his arrest he
at first feared to tell about them.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 24.— An important piece
of evidence in the Cooper murder case de
veloped this afternoon when H. A. Hall,
proprietor of a drug store at Grand and
Franklin avenues, near the bath houso
where the millionaire was killed, an-
Z«EGSO SERVANT HIDES .
MUBDEBED MAN'S DIAMONDS
MINE WORKERS
NAME OFFICERS
-rf^v ERKELEY, Jan. 24.— Forty stu-
L2/ dents of the Berkeley High
|^V School, all of them boys, are be
. V-JJ \lng coached for a minstrel show
/by Miss Beth Hamilton. The
choruses, jokes and specialties are under
her direction. : Rehearsals of ragtime re
frains are now being carried on.
A class debt of some $200 caused the
fcoys to enter minstrelsy. The show is
being given with the hope-that the debt
will be canceled with the receipts. The
performance will take place in Shattuck
Hall on Friday evening, February 7.
An old-time minstrel show will form the
YOUNG WOMAN WHO IS DRILLING THE BOTS OF THE BERKELEY
HIGH SCHOOL, FOR THE MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT SOON TO
BE GIVEN BY THEM.
LETTER REVEALS
SUICIDAL INTENT
HAYWARDS, Jan. 24.— James H.
Farrell, partner of Daniel Chis
holm in the Haywards Agricul
tural Works, died last night at
his home from hemorrhage of
the lungs, induced by a violent fit of
coughing. The sudden death of the prom
inent manufacturer and capitalist came
as a shock not only to his family, but to
the townspeople, among whom he had
resided for twenty years.
As soon as Mr. Farrell was stricken
Dr. Alexander was summoned, but noth-
There was much pleasant conversation
about America., but no speeches- were
made or healths drunk. Prince and Prin
cess Henry remained one hour after the
dinner.
BERLIN, Jan. 24.— United States Em
bassador White gave a dinner to-night to
Prince and Princess Henry of Prussia at
the Kaiserhof. Count von Bulow, the
Imperial Chancellor: Baron von Rich
thofen, the German Minister of Foreign
Affairs, and Admiral von Tirpitz, secre
tary of the German Admiralty, and their
wives were present, also most of the
members of Prince Henry's suite on hi3
forthcoming trip to the United States.
and Suite Among Those Enter
tained by the Embassador.
Prince and Princess Henry of Prussia
"WHITE GIVES DINNER
TO NOTABLE GERMANS
There are two brothers and a sister re
siding in Canada. The funeral will" be
held Sunday.
ing could be done to save the patient's
life. Death came at 10 o'clock, about fif
teen minuutes after the coughing spell
began. J
The deceased came to Haywards from
Kincardine, Ontario, his native place.
Shortly after his arrival the partnership
was formed of which he was junior, mem
ber at the time of his death. The works
are among the leading industrial institu
tions of Alameda County. Mr. Farrell
was also heavily interested in the Hay
wards Electric Lighting Works, which
were recently sold to the Suburban Elec
tric Company.
Mr. Farrell was 48 years of age. • He
was a member of Cypress Camp of Wood
men and Haywards Lodge of Workmen.
The immediate surviving family is a wife
and five children. ' A brother resides in
Petaluma and a sister, Mrs. W. H. Wal
lace, has her home at Boulder Creek.
Representative Needham addressed the
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to-day in favor of a bill pro
viding for a $150,000. public building at
Fresno.
Washington — Increase — Jacob Keller,
Springdale, $S. Original widows— Harriet
A. Dubois. Seattle, ?S.
The California delegation appeared be
fore the Rivers and Harbors Committee
to-day to urge a proposed deep channel
connecting Oakland harbor with the sea.
The project involves an expenditure of
nearly $1,000,000. and the delegation is
hopeful the committee will recommend Its
authorization.
vice and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHUCGTON, Jan. 24.— The Postoffice |
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Estelle F. Plenkharp, La Crescent; Wash
ington—Mary F. White, Springfield.
Army orders announced: Dental Sur- '¦
eeon John A. McAllster, now in San
Francsco, is assigned to duty in the
Philippines.
Navy orders announced: Assistant Sur
geon E. G. Parker is ordered to the Pen
sacola, at the training station, San Fran
cisco: Assistant Surgeon W. R. Webb is
detached from the Pensacola to the Asia
tic station via the China from' San Fran
cisco, February 7; Commander J. K. Cogs
¦ well of the Is!a de Luzon, Asiatic station,
is invalidated to Mare Island Hospital
for treatment.
These pensions -were issued: California-
Original— Octavius P. Reed, San Francis
co, $S; George A. Morrison, Stockton, $6.
Increase— John G. Shillato, Los Angeles,
$8; Chester J. Lane, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $8. Supplemental — Henry C.
Decker. San Francisco. $8. Original -wid
ows, Mexican War— Elizabeth Mearns,
San Francisco, $8.
Changes Are Made in the Postal S?r-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
FIRM ATTITUDE
AGAINST MERGER
When the stage reached " Deadwood
Camp, made famous by the rich Brown
Bear mine of the late Henry Martin, the
driver and passengers dismounted while j
the mail and. express were being trans
ferred. Stiller stepped behind the station
building. Owing to his peculiar actions
his absence caused alarm and he was fol
lowed. At the rear of the structure he
was found tugging at a pocket knife,
which he had already plunged as far as
possible into his neck. He was trying to
pull it entirely across his throat, from
which Wood was spurting.
The combined ettorts of five men were
necessary to overpower the struggling
man, . bent on self-destruction. Mrs. Stil
ler rode throughout the night to the bed
side of her husband and will take him to
Redding for further medical attention.
Stiller is one of the best-known men in
Trinity County and has been County
Treasurer for three successive terms.
Stiller, who has a wife and two young
children, went to Kedding on "Wednesday
evening. He told acquaintances f there
that his health had been so wretched of
late that he intended gd*ing to Honolulu
on a pleasure trip. Before the train for
San Francisco arrived 'that night he
changed his mind and on Thursday morn
ing he boarded the stage for Weaverville.
His peculiar ¦ actions on the return trip
caused Driver A. W. Sleeper and his fel
low passengers some little •wonder and
led them to pay particular attention to
him. " • . . •
WEAVERVILLE, Jan. 24.— Because of
ill health, It is claimed, Richard W. Stil
ler, Treasurer of Trinity County, cashier
of the Trinity County Bank here and
agent for the Wells-Fargo Express Com
pany, attempted . to commit suicide yes
terday afternoon at Deadwood, while
presumably suffering from dementia. He
drove the dull blade of a pocket knife "to
the hilt into the right side of his neck,
missing the jugular vein by only a small
fraction of an inch. He was attempting
to draw the blade through the muscles
of his .throat when overpowered and dis
armed. He probably will recover. .As
far as can be learned . Stiller' s extensive
accounts are correct. '^ ,'- 7:'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
nancial . Circles . a : Victim of
¦ Dementia Induced by
Hi-Health.
Man Prominent in Weaverville : fi-
Richard W. Stiller Attempts
Suicide While Reason'
Is Unbalanced.
There is a growing belief that the con
ference is approaching a basis, of agree
ment on the most important points at
issue. France and Great Britain are cer
tainly striving to neutralize the effects of
the bounty sy6tem.
Just what fresh influence these dele
gates have brought to bear since the re
cess it is impossible to set forth, but the
fact that the perfunctory official state
ment of to-day's proceedings alludes to
the advisability of an international board
to oversee and enforce what regulations
are enacted by the conference indicates
the probability of an agreement of some
sort before adjournment.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 24.— The indications
now point to a continuation of the ses
sions of the international sugar confer
ence for a fortnight at least.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The treaty of
cession of the Danish West Indian Islands
from Denmark to the United States was
signed at the State Department to-day
by Secretary Hay and Constantin Brune,
the Danish Minister. The treaty will be
submitted to the Senate for ratification
immediately.
Following the invariable rule In such
cases, the State Department officials de
cline to make public any of the details
of the treaty, so it is impossible to state
definitely the price to be paid, though
this ia believed to be in the neighborhood
of Ej,0CO,C€O. It is known also that Den
mark has abandoned the position she was
inclined to occupy toward the conserva
tion of the political rights of the inhab
itants of the island and leaves to the
United States & free hand to deal 'with
them, without .pledge of American citi
zenship or of free trade privileges.
So It is assumed that the status of the
Danish West Indian Islands politically,
should the treaty be ratified, will be sim
ilar to that of Porto Rico. Having gained
these points in the negotiations, the State
Department officials believe the treaty 13
certain to receive the approval of the
United States Senate. ¦
The new treaty is peculiar in that It will
require action not only by the Senate and
the Danish Rigsdag, but by the United
States House of Representatives as well,
since it will be necessary for the House
*to supply the needed appropriation to
defray the expense of purchase. It is re
garded as a strong point by the framers
of the treaty that the people of the Dan
ish West Indies are to have a voice in. thia
i question of cession.
The treaty itself does not contain any
reference to a plebiscite, but the Dantsh
Government has given notice that before
it ratifies the treaty it will submit the
question of cession to the people of the
islands. Not much objection is expected
i here from these people, as the treaty is so
framed that they are not called on to sur
render their Danish allegiance and they
may remain Danes in fact and in name,
•while enjoying -whatever advantages in
a commercial way that may result from
a transfer cf the Islands to the United
States.
Senate Is Expected to Ap
prove the Purchase of
Islands.
Great Britain and France
Strive to Adjust Bounty
System.
Drives Knifeblade to the
Hilt Into His Own
Throat.
Sugar Conference in
Brussels May Yet Be
Harmonious.
Signatures » Affixed to
Danish West. Indian
Document.
DELEGATES TEND
TO AGREEMENT
NAMES APPEAR
ON THE TREATY
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
TO GIVE MINSTREL SHOW
Hope to Raise Sufficient' Funds by Enter
\ tainment ib Liquidate Class Debt.
VIOLENT COUGHING CAUSES
JAMES H. FARRELL'S DEATH
Prominent Haywards Manufacturer Siic
cumbs to Hemorrhage of the Lungs.
TREASURER
OF TRINITY
WOULD DIE
THE SAN FRANCISCO cXLL; S^ 25, 1902.
PROMINENT HAYWARDS MAN
WHOSE DEATH WAS CAUSED
BY VIOLENT FIT OF COUGHING.
10
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,-
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the' 20th.
Bells all OTcr the world.
never fails to benefit weak or
diseased hearts, when taken in
time. Don't wait, but begin
its use at once. Sold by drug-
gists on guarantee. "
Dr. Miles Medical Co.. £lUiart» In&
Dt. Miles' •
Hea*t Ct**e
smothering, is weak or diseased,
and cannot keep the blood cir-
culating at its normal rate.
"My heart was Tery weak and
kept skipping beats until it
missed from one to three beats a
minute. Weil knowing whafc
the result would be if this trouble
was not stopped, I began taking
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure, and two
bottles brought the heart action
" to its normal condition."
D. D. Holm,
* Huntingdon, Ind.
healthy heart. - Remember,
every heart that pains, flutters,
palpitates, skips beats, and
every heart that causes fainting
spells, shortness of breath or
that arc too fast or too slow,
too strong or too weak, arc not
the kind that come from a
Beats
Heart
AD V JSJ&TlSgMEUTS.I Continued on Page Thirteen*
Receipts of • Potatoes were light yesterday.
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
¦ ' There Is no further ' change In .Beans, ¦ the
market being dull and generally, weak at the
decline already mentlpned. ¦' r - .
¦ BEANS"— Bayos, $2 35@2 45: Small White.
$2 60®3 05; Large White, $2 75@3: Pea. $3 50
@4- Pink. $1.75@2 05;' Red/ $2 25@2 50; Black
eye $3 50#3 65: Limas. $4 40@4 60; Red'Kid
neys,. $3 60®3 75 per ctl. -..='.• ¦;- ¦¦¦,¦
. SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 S5@3; ¦ Yellow
Mustard. $3 2C@3 50; Flax, $2 4002 75; Canary!
3Vi@3%c for Eastern; * AlfaUa; from Utah/
8%c: Rape, 1>4@1%c; Hemp,. 3%c per lb. • '
.-DRIED .PEAS— Niles. -$1-2501 65; t Green,
$125@150.per ctl. '. , ' • . , , V
Beans'dnd Seeds
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta G/aln Bags, 7c; lo^
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c: Fleece ;Twine, . 7%@Sc. ,
' . COAL-^Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
.Wellington, $9; ; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 5&;
Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. $8 50; Co-operative
,Wallsend.;?3 60; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15: Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel. $11 por
ton; Coke. $15 'per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 43 per
(SCt'iO lbs and $R 50 per ton. according to brand.
..Harrison's circular says: ¦ - -,
' "During 'the week .there have been, the fol
lowing deliveries of coal: ¦ One from Australia.
3778 tons ; three ' from Washington," 7400 tons ;
three from England. 7226 tons; three from Ore
gon.-1220 tons; two "from British • Columbia.
6175' tons; .total. 25,799 tons.. The light ar
rivals so far this year' have not permitted any
accumulation in yard; at same time there as-
STOCK MARKET.
ST. JOSEPH.
. ST. . JOSEPH, Mo/, ; Jan. . 2\--CATTLE-^Re
ceipts, .500; steady. ;. Natives,' $3 50@7;.' cows
; '-t SHEEP — Receipts,' 10,000; . sheep, £.'- heavy
lower; 'light,;' steady; I lambs, . lower. Good to
choice' wethers, ' $4 30@4 75 ; ¦ f air to choice
mixed, $3 75@4 50; .Western s sheep,- fed, $4®
5 20; native Iambs, s $3 80@5 85; v Western
lambs, , fed. $5@5 80. ..' - .¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25.000; to-morrow
25,000; left over, 6000;: bulk sold • steady '
closed weak.: -Mixed and butchers'; $5 90S)d 40 :
good to choice heavy,! $6 30@6 50; rough heavy'
*6»re:25; llght,;$5 60@6; bulk of.sales, $5 f>0@
C 35.- ¦"- - :' ¦ - - - ¦ ¦ ¦'—" . " . . ;.. .
. CHICAGO, ; . '¦ Jan. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
G300,':J including 500 ; Texans ; steady. • Good to
prime,: nominal, $6' 25@7 25; poor to medium
$4@6; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 25- cows
$1@4 60; -heifers, '$2 25®5; canners'..'*Kg;2 25 :
bulls, $2 25@4 20 : calves, . $2 50®6 25- Texas
fed steers, $4@6. ¦. v • -.--..-"¦'...•.¦ 1 "• ;.».-,¦
CHICAGO.
NDW YORK, Jan; 24.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Events this week have been
largely favorable, notably among these being
the continued steadiness of "prices, < though
cereals have weakened slightly, as a reflection
of continued liquidation, accelerated this week
by the arrival of much-needed snow ¦ in the
eastern part of the winter wheat belt, a further
expansion in spring trade at leading | jobbing
centers, renewed interests by exporters in
(wheat, though irregularity in prices still tends
to discourage heavy trading, while the • slight
strengthening in cotton prices .Is- based largely
on continued confidence in . future .values and
the very heavy export movement now going on,
shipments for the season being nearly 500,000
bales larger than a year ago. Railway earn
ings still fail to confirm bearish predictions
and the improvement in the car situation In
. January does not ¦ seem to ". be at ¦ the . expense
of receipts.- Clearings are smaller than a year
ago, because sDeculation is at a' very iow ebb,
but distributive trade is' probably larger even
than that. of a year a?o. -. - ~ \ ? ,.. : .':
¦'The strength of the iron and steel markets
remains unchanged, though . on the surface de
mand Is quieter and "the improvement In tne
car shortage , situation makes for larger, pro
duction. In other ¦ nietals irregularity is still
a feature, weakness . being ' manifested in" cop
per, which fails to develop consumptive' de
mand, though quotations for it have again de
- clined and ' sheet I copper has likewise been re
duced. ... . s'..VI . .-
Complaints of ' a small . margin " of profit in
print cloths and \ similar goods continue I to
come from New England. . Raw wool is fairly
active and the tone ¦ ia firm. : Territory '.wools
are scarce in supply at the East, .while a: fair
business has been ¦ done In ¦ Australian grades
and London wool sale prices are higher.*
. Eastern shipments v of - boots and ¦ shoes on
orders continue, In excess of a year ago, the
gain so far In January, being 11' per cent. V .
As lntlinjated a week ago the decline in sugar
appears to have been overdone. - . * ¦• :
A severe break In coffee prices occurred' this
week as a result, primarily, of continued heavy
movement.' ; v-.v. -.O J '. . ].'..•¦- : f :
Heavy snows in the lumber: regions have
¦¦; : ".' . ; , LIVERPOOL. '¦. / . "''¦ J /
; tWheat— ;, . ¦ .. - : March. '.May.
Opening .../..:... .A... .. 6 1% 0 2
Closing -.........;;..:......... 6 1% ¦'•¦ • 6 1%
PARIS r '
. Wheat— Jan. • Mar. -June.
Opening 2140 22 65"
Clbsing .......;....: ..21 50 22 60
Flour — ' . ... - - ¦
Opening 27 65 : - ¦ ' 28 r,0
Closing . . ..... .............. 27 65 • T28 : 40 "
Eastern Livestock Market'/
•' I HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under .quotations.. Heavy salted
Steers, lie;; medium. 10c; light, 9c; ¦ Cow
Hides,,' 9%c "for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, '7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal/9%c:
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry. Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@3()e
each; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium. 65®
75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
ealt, $2 75®3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75@2 for small and- 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25©1 60 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. - 35c; fall or me
dium skins, " 30c; winter. -or -thin skins, 20c
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, j 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium, 35c. -
TALLOW— No.- 1 rendered, JJ^®6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; 'grease, 2%@3c =
WOOL — Fall, San:Joaquin. 6<58c; Saa Joa
quin'I^ambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County, 8<?10c
perlb; Valley Oregon, ¦ spring, 15@15%c; do,
fall. 14@16c per lb. -
'¦ HOPS— «@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. '. Local dealers ' quote 10@15c
for shipment. '
General Merchandise.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
In spite of the rains the market for Hay is
quoted in first-class shape for sellers. ! The
demand is unusually good .for this tirrie'of the
year. -. The interior towns' are using more than
in former years, and Nevada, Utah and Texas
are turning to this market for supplies, chiefly
of Alfalfa and. the grades of grain
Hay. Sales ].- for Nevada account during the
past few days easily foot up 1500- tons, and
large purchases are expected to follow. In ad
dition the export demand for the islands is ac
tive, I and as . stocks here are lighter than at
this time ' last u year . the : outlook. Is . bright all
around. • Prices are unchanged. .-, -,-> 1
Bran and Middlings are easy, but no lower.
.'On January 29 a, rate of $12 per ton of 2000
pounds on" rolled barley and bran shipped from
San Francisco. I Oakland, San . Jose, Port Costa.
South Vallejo. Stockton, - Sacramento, Marys
vllle and Los Angeles, via - Bakersfleld to ¦ El
Paso Texas, will go Into effect. -v. . .
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton. . -.
' MIDDLINGS— $2002150 s per , ton.
! FEEDSTUFFS — Rtolled Barley, $1S@18 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meal : at; the' mill, $27@28; Job-"'
bing ' $28 60<g>29 : Cocoanut Cake. $20021 : Corn
Meal, • $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. «10 60@17 50. ...
' i HAT — Wheat, $9012; . fancy, - $12 50@i3;
Wheat and Oat, $9®12 50; Oat, $8 50011 50;
Barley and Oat. $8@10; Alfalfa.- $S(&10; Clover,
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer, $0@S 50; Stock, $0®
7 60 per ton. '- -.:.-' , ' ¦>- ¦-. .". ¦ .' .'
STRAW— 30@47%c' per bale. l
Hay and: Feedstuff s.
' Cash quotations were, as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 74@75%c; No. 2
red. 64c: No. 2 oats, 44%@44%c; No. 2 white,
45%c; No. 3 white. 44%@45%c; No. 2 rye,
62c; fair: to choice malting barley, 59@62%c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 66% ; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 70;
prime -timothy seed, ?6 60; mess, pork, per bbl,
$16 15@16 20; \ lard, per 100 lbs. ¦ $9 25@9 30;
short ribs sides (loose), $8 30@8 35; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7%@7V4c; short clear sides
(boxed), ?8 70@8 80; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 32; clover, i contract grade, $9 60®
9 65. .,;•:. .,,¦-. - . -..-..' ' V -.:¦,.:, v -
Articles — , ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour.' barrels ...20.000 54,000
Wheat, bushels 80.000 • 120,000 •
Qarn, bushels' .......... .-71,000 195,000
Oats, bushels ...'.....".:. .182,000 ,274,000
Rye, bushels'....... .':... 5,000 .V 3,000 '
Barley,.' bushels ...'...'... 65,000 .. . ¦" '; « 7,000'
'On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was- steady; ¦• creameries, 15®23%c:
dairies, 14@20c. j Cheese, steady, 10@10?ic
Eggs, easy; fresh, 23@23%c. ¦" ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4ff?4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. ¦ $3 50; Farina.." $4 50; ¦ Whole • Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $ft85®8 35;
In sacks. $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 CO per lbs.
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon ! $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $o@
3 35 for . Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3fc!
3 35.- --*-¦ •¦ ¦ / - ¦ \ ' ' ¦ ¦
FLOUR— rCalifornia Family j Extras. $3 50©
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— There were attempts
to hold the market by the marking up of in
dividual etocks, which proved successful until
the uneasiness of the professionals to take
their profits checked the advance. The whole
market then reacted, dropping generally to
¦well below last night. There was another.up
ward movement when shorts covered. : which
leduced the day's net changes to insignificant
proportions, but made th* nosing firm. Fully
one-third of the day'* transactions were In
Sugar and Amalgamated Copper. Except for
these there were not hair a dozen stocks in
which the transactions- amounted to 10,000
ehares. The dealings in Sugar were on a very
large scale, with no news to account for them
beyond the general expectation of a reduction
in the duties on Cuban sugars. This stock was
lifted nearly 2 points, but fell back to below
last night's level and also closed unchanged.
Amalgamated Copper fared better, the late
recovery carrying it back to 72%, the best of
the day, and at a net advance of 1%. The
buying was apparently by a speculative pool,
who cited the strength of coppers In foreign
markets as an argument in its favor. There
were also reports of improved trade conditions
as indicated by the good demand for raw cop
per in Europe and reports of large export de
mand h^re. Rumors of an agreement to re
strict the output of American producers ac
companied the advance. The strength of
American Smelting was supposed to be In sym
pathy. The Wabash stock and Western
Union were notably firm, and People's Gas
showed some strength from the declaration of
the regular quarterly dividend. There was no
news during the day to explain the reactionary
tendency which developed, which, therefore,
must be credited to profit taking. The reports
of, very cold weather threatening in the West
may have had a somewhat depressing Influence,
as it had a strengthening influence on wheat.
The Bitting of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission on the matter of railroad combinations
was the subject of discussion and may have
had a depressing effect. The preliminary
figures of the week's cash movements were as
good as expected. Indicating a gain by the
banks of nearly $7,000,000 In cash, of which
BUbtreasury operations yielded $2,378,000. The
loan item offers the usual puzzle, but the de
cline In interest rates and the known fact that
interior banks have been lenders In New York
detract " from the , supposition of any large
loan expansion. •
The bond market continued quite active to
day, but profit taking made Its Impress there
as well. as in etocks. Thtre were come newly
active issues, on the other hand, which were
etrong. Total eales. par value. $3,665,000.
United States bonds were, all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK, LIST.
Etocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison-' 7.200 75% 75% 75% ;
Atchison pfd 2.400 Wi% «C% 96%
Bait & Ohio 3.400 103 102U 102%.
Bait & Ohio pfd .... 90
Canadian Pacific .. 200 114% 114. 113%
Canada Southern... 200 86% 8C% 80%
Ches & Ohio 700 46% 4<J 45%
Chicago & Alton... 400 33% 33% 33% 1
Chic & Alton pfd 75%-
Chic Ind & Louis.. 1,000 C2% 51% S2
Chic Ind & L pfd 76-
Chlc &. East III 100 130-^ 13(554 136'j
New York Stock Market.
Chicago reported an * Improved* feeling. Of
ferings were light, the market was strong at a
slight advance, local people were accumulating
¦on the decline and any pressure to buy would
lead to an advance. "•¦ . "-,
This market was neglected and easy, with
continued quiet cutting In Hams. . »
CURED MEATS — Bacon.. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13%c. for light.
14%c for extra light *>nd 15c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13c; California
Hams; H%c; Mess Beef. ?10@10 50 per
barrel; extra Mess, Sll@ll 50; Family. $120
12 50- prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$22 50(923: Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef.
lfi%iS14c per pound. ' , .- "~
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb fjr
compound and 11% c, for pure: half barrels,
pure/ ll&c: 10-lb tins; 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c:
COTTOLENE—One ' half -barrel, 10% c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%= per lb." - . . ¦
Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles. Open. High. Low, Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
January.'.... 7534 t 76 -'-¦*¦ 75%, ' 70-
May ........ 79% 79% 78% 79%
July........ 79% 79% 78% 79%
Corn, No. 2 — V ¦ .
January ...'. ....¦ ....... . . . . : 59%
May......... 63% , 63% 62% 63*
July ;. 63% .. 63% /¦ C2% 02%
i Oats, No. 2—
May 45Vi : ¦•'-•45% 44% • 45
July 39% -"39% 39% 39%
September ... 33% .33% 32% 33V4
Mess Pork, per bbl — , : .
January '....'" ¦'¦ .'.'.. .... 1612%
May 16 40 10 50 16 25 10 47%
July ........16 50 16 60 16 40 16 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs— ,' - >
January 9 22% 9 42% ; 9 22% 9 87%
May ........ 0 42% 9 55' 9 40 9 55
July ........ 9 47% 9 <JT% 9 47% . 9 67%
Short Ribs. » ner 100 lbs —
January '....-.... ""¦¦.;.".- .... 837%
May ........ 8 32% ; 8 00 8 50' 8 57%
July ........ 8 65 . 8,70 .' 8 65 .8 70
. Eggs are still cheaper, but Cheese and But
ter show no change. • -
No further decline In Meats is reported.
Supplies of Poultry and Came are sufficient
and prices remain about the same.
Seattle Coal Is lower. Coal Is very scarce,
however, as a rule.
Cannel ....$—^-Q13 00 Southfleld
Wellington @11 00 Wellington I 11 CO
Seattle @ 8 50 Coos Bay... 9 1 00
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq50@60 Common Eggs.22%@25
Do. ' good 4U©45 Ka ncn Eg&s, p*r
Packed, per'lb. .25® — dozen .25627%
Cheese. Cal.. 15@17 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17®20 pound 15@20
Cheese. Swiss 20@35 Do. extracted.. 8©10
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 14@1S Pork Sausages. 12% @15
Hams l.i'alT Smoked Beef 17@20
Lard ....15®—
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces tho following retail prices
for meats :
Roast Beef 1O@1S Roast Mutton. .10<@12%
Tenderl'n St'kil5@17% Mutton Chops..lO®12%
Porterh'se do. .17%@20 Mutton Stew....—© 8
Round Steak. .10® 12% Roast Veal lO'g'15
Beef Stew 8®10 Veal CuUet3 15>&1.S
Corned Beef 8@10 Roast Pork.". . .12% ©15
Roast Lamb...l2%@15 Pork Chops — ©15
Lamb Chops... V2 %&1S
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each GO073 1 English Snipe,
Young Roosters, . per dozen... $3 23 1>—
each 50@S5 Jack Snipe.... 1 75'ff —
Old Roosters, ea.S0$p65 Mallard. pair...75c@H
Fryers, each.....50®65 Canvasback.
Broilers, each. ...40®50 pair 75c@Sl 25
Turkeys, per lbw.lS@20 Sprig, per pair. .5097.1
Ducks, each...;. 50© 75 Teal, per pair.... 30040
Geese, each.. $1 50® 1 75 Widgeon, pair. . .35<(}io
Pigeons, pair. ...40@50 Small Duck, pr. .25® —
Squabs, per pair.50@ti0- Wild Geese, per
Doves, per doz — ©|I 50 pair ..75cSJl 00
Rabbits, each.. .16(S2u Brant, each 25S35
Hare./ each ..... . — ©20
Fruits and Nuts—
Alligator Pears, Grape Fralt, per
each 2S&50 dozen 75c0*l CO
Almonds ..' 15®20 Limes, dozen.... 10^15
Apples 3@ 5 Lemons, dozen.. .20^30
Pecans — {£20 Oranges, doz.... .20000
Brazil Nuts 200 — Pears, lb S@li%
Bananas. doz....l&@25 Pineapples, ea.. .30050
Cranberries, qt.. — ®15 Persimmons, dos.
Cocoanuts. each. — @10 Raisins, per lb.. SttlS
Chestnuts, per lb.l6@20 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2%ol5
Dried Figs, pr lb— ©10
Vegetables —
Artichokes, dz..|I@l 60 Mushrooms, lb. . .60075
Beets, dozen 10® — Okra, dried, lb..— ©4u
Beans, white, lb. 6ft — Potatoes, pr Ib..2®2%
Colored, per lb. 6® — Parsnips, per d2.10@—
Dried Lima. lb.. 6@ S Radishes, dozen
Cabbage, each... &9 — bunches ...... 15®20
Celery, head 5@ — Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, dz bnchs. .20®."0 per lb 29 3
Cucumbers, dz.$l 50@2 Sage, doz bnchs. 25®30
Egg Plant, tb 3U@— String Beans, per
Garlic 4@ 6 pound ...20®25
Green Peppers.lb — ©30 Summer Sauasb,
Green Peas, Ib.l2%@ — per pound ....—©23
Lettuce, per doz.lo4*20 Sprouts, per lb.. 5© S
Leeks, dz bchs..l5@20 Spinach, per lb.. C'ff —
Onions, per lb.2%©3% Thyme, dz bcnsl23©30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per dot. tow —
bunches lfi©20 Tomatoes, per Ib.13^—
- -Fish — . ' . ' . . ¦ ¦ • -
Carp .......... — ©12%|^Mt Basa — fii —
Catfish 13«^— [Smelts — ©20
Codfish ..........15@— jSoles 10®12Vi
Flounders ....12%© — (Skates, each-.... &315
Halibut —©15 Squid — Q —
Herring ."•• 8® — Tomcod 12%©15
Mackerel — & — Turbot 15@25
Do. horse '. — @^- Troat — «g~
Perch 8©10 Brook Trout — 0—
Pompino ....75c©4100 Whiteflsh- 10®—
Rockcod — <815 Clams, gallon.. ..50® —
Rockfish — ©15 Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh ..20@25 per pound..... S$1O
Do. smoked l.Va25 Crawfish ....... — ©10
Sardines 10® — Crabs, each 15@2*>
Shrimps — ©10 Mussels, quart...—© 6
Shad 10®— Oysters. Cal. 100.40fl3n
Striped Bass 15®20_ Do. Eastern. da.23@40
Brokers report a fair amount of business in
all fruits - at flrnv quotations, and seem to be
satisfied with. the situation. Stocks of every
thing are getting light, and from present indi
cations the market will be wholly bare by mid
summer. , . \ -
FRUITS — Apricot^, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap^
orated Apples, 7%@S%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c: Pears, 4%@S%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
5%c for red and 5%(g6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and UC@75c per box for white.
PKUNEb — 1D01 crou are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6®6%c; 40-50's, 4?4@5V»c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c: 60-70's. 3%«J4V4c; 70-SO's. 3%@3%c;
80-00' s. 2%@3Vic; 90-100*s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): - Clusters:
Imperial. |S; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown " $1 60; London Layera — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; : three
crown, 5Vic; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels 5c; Seedless Sultanas, > 5%c; -Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached Sultanas — Fancy,
8%c; choice, 7%q; standard, 6%c; prime, 6%c;
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice seeded, 6% c; do, . in bulk, fancy. 6%c;
choice 6%c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts. Il«rl2c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 8®S%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell 9©10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell-Peanuts. 5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, ?3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, 12@13c for bright, and' 10©
12c for light amber ; water white extracted,
5@6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%® 29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
San Francisco and vicinity — ClouaV, unset
tled weather Saturday; colder, with occasional
eaina; brisk to high southwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Vcucual leather conditions prevail over the
western half of the country. Very cold weather
¦with snow is reported generally oevr Washing
ton. Oregon, Idaho and east to the Missouri
ttiver. High winds also prevail. Between the
Sierra. &ad the Rocky Mountains the pressure
rt«e fallen frcm .2 to .3 of an inch during
thu i/Mt twelve hours.
tCastbound travelers are warned to expect
enow ejiA very cold weather.
«.tenerous rains have fallen in Southern Call-
Itmift <~id showers are reported In Southern
At San Diego and at Yuma the
winds have reached the %-elocity of 32 miles.
W-4Tjr kdow is falling at Flagstaff.
The temperature from Seattle to Portland
bmA «»fit to Spokane has fallen about 20 de
•rrees la the past twelve hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 25, 1902:
rrorthem California — Cloudy and unsettled
ve&ther Saturday, with heavy enow . in the
4bM&tains, rain or snow in the- northern val
ley?, brisk southerly winds in the interior and
northwesterly squalls off the coast; much
colder in northern portion.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, with brisk to high south
west winds; Enow in the mountains.
Nevada — Snow Saturday; cooler; high south
west winds. .
FORECAST.
v/ii4.Tli£it CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
Ternr>erature — 7 a. m
CHICAGO, Jan. " 24. — Trade in wheat was
only fairly, active at times with very little In
the way of important nawsJ: *Tbe 'prediction
t>fT a'coia .wave descending- oh- the winter wheat
country stiffened prices . at the- opening and
held as a factor through, a.' subsequent dip on
weakness in the coarse grains. ; May opened
%@V4c higher to a shade ¦ lower at 79?«c to
79%e. Cables later grew weak and though the
market was nervous trade turned' diMI - for a
time and May prices sagged with oats and
corn to 7894@78%c. Shorts fovered. freely at
this price and as there' was not much for.
sale and 'receipts I were small, a Blow but
steady, reaction . set In. f Coarse • grains . began
to firm up and May wheat advanced to 7li%c,
closing firm, V4c higher, at 79%@79%c/ .1
Corn opened higher on local coverings* by
shorts and the cold weather predictions. 'The
weakness of yesterday, however, was still felt
and on Western ¦ bearish tendencies the mar
ket turned weak. There seemed, however, to
be a waiting tendency I in 1 the pit. The' close
was steady, May %@ 1 / 4c higher, at 62% @fi3c
Oats suffered worst of the pits on the early
dip, but rallied later. May closed easy, W©
%c lower, at 44T4@45c ." ,-
Provisions were fairly 'active and ' started
firm with higher prices on a strong hog mar
ket. The later grain weakness brought some
sharp selling in pork;, but when grains began
to firm' up, short covering and replacing of
some long lines brought ¦ a * good rally. May
pork closed 12%c up; lard 7%@10c up and
ribs 7%c higher. . . ;
The leading futures ' ranged as follows:'
Chicago Gram Market.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctl3. 82%c. - ¦ - - - , ¦¦¦¦¦¦. .
Second Session — No sales. .
Regular. Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — iCOO ctls,, 82c.
OATS— There is nothing new to report.. The
market has: been very quiet of late, but the
feeling is firm. ¦ » ....
Grays. $1 20@1.27%: whites, $1 20@l 40;
Surprise, $1.40&l 42%; black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $L20@l 30 for seed; red, $1 25@1 35
per ctl for Teed and.?l 32%@I 40 for seed. ,
CORN — Chicago twas weak again and slight
ly lower. The cash situation was weak, owing
to the high ¦ prices. Reports from the Argen
tine were less favorable, rain being -needed in
many districts. . ;
There was no further change in this market.
Trade was quiet.' ¦' ••¦''¦•.'.
Large ¦•' yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round
do $1-50; white, ?l 30@l 40 per ctl. „. ¦
RYE^ — Is quieter but steady at 85<g:90c per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.'
BARLEY— A rail rate of 50c per ctl on 40,
000-lb cars to Colorado terminals went into
effect on the 22d. but it has not yet stimulated
trade as far as this market is concerned, what
ever it may have done In the interior. A re
duced rate of $12 per ton from California points
(except the Coast division). to> El Paso, Texas,
on Rolled Barley and Bran goes into effect on
the 29th. ! ...
The market continues quiet, with some recov
ery in futures.
Feed, S5@86',4c for choice bright, 82%Q;S3»4c
for No. 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87%@90c; Chevalier. S5c@$l
per ctl. : ' , n
Afternoon Session — May — iOOO ctls, $1 0S%
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls. $1 08%. • . ¦- .• :¦'
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $108%.
Regular Morning • Session — May — 20OO ctls
$1 08%: 4000, ?1 08%. December— 2000, $1 09%;
4000, $1 O0V4. • - - . .
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower, and
the foreign markets were generally weak, ab
sence of demand bslng the principal cause.
Chicago was somewhat firmer with more dis
position to buy. The country again appeared
as buyers, -which was a strong factor, and the
brokers were full of buying orders at a shade
under the market. There was a large specu
lative ¦ trade, and the commission houses were
moderate. buyers, though they did a heavy trade
on -both ¦¦ sides of the' market. St. Louis re
ported an excellent buying- demand. The ex
ports from seaboard ports during the week
were 3, 639, 000 bushels.
'In this market there was no 'change beyond
a slight, improvement In futures. .¦••• ¦ t
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 08%; mill
ing, $1 10@l 12% per ctl. • . :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days $4 '85U
Sterling Exchange, sight. ...... — . 487%
Sterling Cables ...... ...... — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight.. — . 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphip — ; .15 "
Silver, per ounce...... : — '¦- 55%'
Mexican Dollars, nominal.." ' 45 @ 45%
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2®
2 50 for fancy: Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines,
nominal; Mediterranean Sweets, 75c@$l 25;
Lemons 50c@$l for common and $1@1 50 for
good to' choice and . 51 75@2 25- for < fancy;
Grape "Fruit, l $l©2; Mexican Limes, $6@6 50;
Bananas, $1 75^2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 fcr Hawaiian; Pineapples,
(3@4 per dozen.
PEARS — Winter kinds. 75c@$2 50. per box.
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for or
dinary. - • " »
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
There is nothing new In Lemons or Limes.
Apples are moving well under a steady in
quiry for all grades.
' Three cars of Oranges were to have been*
auctioned yesterday, but owing to the slack
demand one car was withdrawn. The prices
obtained were as follows : Fancy Navels,
$1 S5@2 20; choice, $1 45@1 65; standards, 75c@
$1 20. • Outside of the auction the market was
dull, as the shipping orders were mostly filled.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
THE COAST RECORD.
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY 24.
Flour, qr ska... 15.13P Bran, sks 660
Wheat, ctls .... 9,361 Hops, balea .... 40
Barley, ctla .... 6.33C Tallow, ctla .... 230
Oats, ctls 1.520 Sugar, ctls 8,840
Corn, ctls 990 Pelts, bdla 45
Beans, sks 747 Hides. No 75
Rye, ctls 120 Wine, gals .... 82,900
Potatoes, sks ... 1,775 Leather, rolls .. -32'
Onions, sks ..;. 409 Lime, bbls 182
Feed, sks ...... 50 Chicory, bbls ... 40
Hay. tons 464 Quicksilver, flsks 140
Middlings, ska.. 24 5 1
Receipts of Produce.
Hogs are quoted weak at yesterday's de
cline. Arrivals are liberal. Quotations for
other meats remain as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7%@9c: small. 8@l0c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, 7% ©8c
per lb. .
LAMB — Yearlings, 9(§9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb.' lie per lb.
PORKr-Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 Ib's. 5Ts@
6c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; soft hogs. 5@5Vic;
sows. 20 per cent off; boars. 30 per cent off.
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs,' 7@8%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta
tion*: Boston, 40-2S; Cincinnati, 36-32; Phila
delphia. 40-30; New York. 40-30; Kansas City.
oO-20; Jacksonville. 60-42; Omaha. 30-10: Du
luth, 2C-12: Chicago, 32-24; St. Louis. 40-24;
Salt L*k© City. 36-22; Washington. 40-24.
-8an Francisco data: Maximum, temperature,
62: minimum. 43; mean. 48.
NEW YORK,' Jan. 24.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week end
ed January 23, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: ¦
Percentages.
Cities — * Amount. ' Inc. L»ec.
New York $l,406.148,SS3 .7.0
Chicago 166.7^7. 7ti'J 27.7
Boston Io0,3ti7,53« 2.4 ....
Philadelphia 117,481.413. ¦¦ 20.8 ....
St. Louis 02,812,160 36.1 ....
Pittsburg 45,3St>,243 48.1
Baltimore 25,630,788 tl.l . ....
San Francisco 21,495,520 10.6
Cincinnati 20,37»,100 4.1
Kansas City.. 20,681,978 25.7 : ....
Minneapolis ..... 13,833,453 45.5 ....
Cleveland 12,558,97& 10.2 ....
New Orleans 16,203.822 15.1 ....
Detroit 17,770,133 82.2 ....
Louisville 10,0.J9,535 '13.7 ....
Indianapolis IU.044,614 -23.8 ....
Providence 8,029,200. 23.1
Omaha 7,414,555 13.1
Milwaukee 6,303,634 13.5
Buffalo 4.642.656 .5.9 ....
St. Paul 5.254.273 12.3 ....
Savannah 3,884.341 21.2
Denver 5,081.165 14.4
St. Joseph 4.956,(585 "31.9
Richmond 3,831,802 ; 7.1
Memphis 3,851,739
Seattle " 2,821,282 51.9
Washington- > 3,066,864 4.8 ....
Hartford 2.620.384.' 15.3
Los Angeles 4,057,li8!> 3!».7
Salt Lake City... 3,040,070 5.8 ....
Toledo ,.... .. 2,469,412 35.1 ....
Portland. Or , 2.3S4.931 24.8 ....
Rochester 2.138.i)38 : 14.1 ....
l'eoria 3,040,504 30.1 ....
Fort Worth..... \ .2,884,135 ....... 23.6
Atlanta 2.7.S4.358 6.4
Nprfolk.... 1. 399. 600 '¦ 2.7 ..'.."
Des Moines. ...... 1,669,324 12.7 ....
New Haven 1,647,511 8.4 "..;.
Springfield, Mass. l,528,«Vt 24.0
Augusta 1,730,152 42.3 .
Nashville 1,791.844- 25.1 ....
Worcester 1.571.O03 17.6 ....
Grand Rapids 1,727,390 30.1 ....
Sioux City 1,580,119 1.3 .....
Dayton. Ohio 1,473.730 20.9 ....
Syracuse 1,309,301 -20.0 ....
Scranton- -1.2IS5.009 .... * 3.3
Portland. Me 1,*SO.2O» 19.8
Spokane l,;;K5.033 ¦ 14.9
Tacoma 1,01(7,369 1.2 ¦ . . . .
Evansvllle ... 770,702 "7.7
Wilmington. Del. 1,008,9(54 13.9
Davet.port 1,401.219 101.8
Fall River 1.085.0-S4 . 37.8 ....
Birmingham 1.181,218 29.6 ....
"Topeka 1.395,710 20.4 ....
Macon 771.000 0.4
Little Rock 926.851 67.1
Helena I . t m0,115 22.0
Knoxville 721,865 16.1- ....
Lowell •U.'S.OIKJ 7.5
Wichita 795,801 56.1 ....
Akron .505,400 13.2 ....
New Bedford..... 569,157- 9.4 .-...
Lexington 503,5*5 11.3
Sprlngflfcld, 111... 571,085 14.6 ....
Blnghamton 3*7.400 . 22.4
Chattanooga 5i>G,l«8 24.6 ....
Kalamazoo * 4S7.178 14.3 < ....
Fargo - 4SS.782 47.1 :...
Youngslown ..... 5:30,920 62.0 ....
Springfeld. Ohio. 375.392 5.6
Rockford., 370.468 28.9 ....
Canton 377.000 39.6 ....
Jacksonville . 388,432 63.7 ....
Sioux Falls 247.587 21.0 ....
Fremont ..'. 188,856 59.2 ....
Bloomington, 111.. 329,670 42.4 ....
Jacksonville. 111.. 164.274 ,5.0 ! ....
•Columbus, Ohio.. 7,454,800 19.8 ...'.
•Galveston 9.863,000 26.9.
•Houston 12,391.499 13.2'. ....
"Colorado Sprgs. 080,103 ....
"Wheeling, W. Va 681 .090
••Chester '.... 320,955 7.3
•?Wilktrsbarre .... 867,979 ....
Albany :.... 3.205.052 16.6 "* ' ...;
Beaumont 365,405 •
Qulncy , 146.500 .... ....
Totals. U. S.... $2,225,509,076 1.2 « 7777
Outside N. Y... 819,450,193 18.1 ....
CANADA. -
Montreal $16.895,442 . 10.0 ....
Toronto 13.771,790 .28.0 ....
Winnipeg 2.33K.447 , 56.0 ....
Halifax .'....•: 1,716,713 8.4
Vancouver, B. C. 1 ; 804.650 .21.2 ....
Hamilton 802,930 16.4 '-S ....^
St. John, N. B... 70:^.344 9.6 ....
Victoria, B. C 537.092 • : 20.9
••Quebec l.lt)2,112 .... ....
Ottawa '.'. 1,802,782 ., ....
Totals, Canada. $38,120,217 16.3 ....
•Not included in totals : because containing
other items than clearings. •-:.¦.
••Not" included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
-The market for evaporated apples is a little
overstocked, and while | quotations, at present
remain unchanged,, an easy feeling -prevails.
State common to good, are quoted at 7@S%c;
prime. 9®9V4c; choice", 9%@10c; fancy, lOVife'
lie. . . .-¦..,• -..--..
In . California dried frujts the feeling- is
steady, but the market is slow. $ There is a
fair inquiry for apricots and peaches.
PRUNES — 3;i@5c. .
' APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c ; Moorpark, 9%@
12%c. - .." ' . - \ -¦'¦¦
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18%c; unpeeled, VA
@0%c. : . , •
DRIED FRUIT.
WHEAT— Receipts, ',92,150. bushels; spot,
steady. No. 2 red, : 87 %c f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red, 89%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
86%c f. o. b.- afloat;.; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
88%c f. o. b. afloat. -• It was a narrow mar
ket all day and about steady most of the time.
Opening upon foreign buying and smaller.Ar
gentine shipments, , prices later ' yielded to
liquidation and bear operations, after which
they recovered on a demand .from shorts and
closed firm at %c net advance. March closed
85 Vic; May. ,84 3-16@S4%c, closed 84 : >ic; July,
S4rriS4%c, closed 84%c. ¦¦ . \
HOPS — Steady.' . . •. - '. •¦¦¦¦'-
' HIDES— Steady.- ; . .
WOOL— Firm. ' .
— Spot Rio, quiet. - No. 7 invoice,
6c: mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc.
SUGAR-Raw, steady. Fair refining,
Z 11-lCc; centrifugal.' 96 test, 3 9-16c. Mo
lasses sugar, 2 13-lGc. . Refined, firm.
v NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,702 barrels; exports, 7443 barrels; ' steady
and held unchanged. : " • : "•'
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 24. — Receipts of wheat
during the past three days,' 185,000 centals, In
cluding 152,000 American. .' :. ,
LONDON,' Jan. 24.— HOPS— Pacific' Coast 1 ,
firm. £3 Cs@£4. . " - • •¦ .
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 24.— Wheat in Paris,
quiet; flour 1 In Paris, steady: French country
markets, dull; weather In England, damp.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 %d.
. CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 24.— Consols, 94; silver,
25 7-16d; French, rentes, 100f-40c; cargoes on
passage, nothing doing; English country mar
kets, part cheaper.'' -¦ • ' ¦¦ . ' -. ¦ •-. !<¦,
Foreign Markets.
'¦¦ Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 12 16.89 30.58
Red Bluff -2S 11.64 - 15.41
Sacramento ........ .14 G.1I9 11.32
San Francisco... 05 0.99 13.01
Fresno 29 3.55 7.22
Independence ....... .00 1.39 5.12
San Luis Obispo. 60 5.98' 21.09
Xoe Angeles 1.32 4.03 8-23
S*.n Diego , 48 1.73 3.19
- EGGS— Ranch. 21c for selected large and
20c for good to choice; store, 18@19c per
dczen. *«.' • • ¦¦ ¦
The market seems to have come to a halt all
around. With: the exception of a slight re
duction* in gathered Eggs on the Exchange the
market for all descriptions remains aa quoted
for the past two or three days. Fine creamery
Butter is quoted ' steady to. firm with light
stocks, and the lower grades, while not ex
actly weak, are easy and in less demand than
the upper grades. Cheese is still struggling
under heavy stocks. • Eggs continue to arrive
freely.* but seem to be holding their own at
the decline already noted. There are plenty of
them here, however, and it would not take
much pressure to send them rolling down hill
again. ' .
' Receipts were 31,300 pounds, IS tubs and
cubes of Butter, pounds of Eastern But
ter. 7CO cases of Eggs, : cases of Eastern
Eggs. 92S0 pound3 of California Cheese,
pounds of Oregon Cheese and pounds of.
Eastern Cheese. . ¦ " -
BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c per lb for
fancy. 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds :
dairy. 17%(»i22c: store Butter. 14@16c per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg.
16018c per lb. .
* CHEESE— New, ll@ll%c; old, 10@10tfc;
'Young America, 12@13c; Eastern. 13@15c per
pound. " :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON, Jan. . 24.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of - redemption, shows :
Available cash balance, ?172,870,092; . gold,
$93,350,029. "'
Condition of the Treasury.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, &nd rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 24—5 p. m
Weather Report.
Netv York Grain and Produce.
The rate cf discount at the Bank of Eng
land has been reduced to 3% per cent. It
had been 4 per cent since last October. Money
U evidently easier in London.
Bank of England Rate.
Chic & Great West 800 23% 22% 22%
Chic & G W A pfd. 100 &1% 83% 83%
Chle&G W B pfd. 400 ' 43'^ 43V--' 4:|i/.
Chic & Northwest. 4,900 215 213% - 214 "
Chic R I & Pac... 1,100 150Vi 155% 158
Chic Ter & Tr..... 100 17% 17% 17»i
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 100 32% 32% 32
C C C & St Louis 00%
Colo Southern :$00 14% 14% 14%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 200 60 til GO»,i
Colo Sou 2d pfd 200 2SV» 28%- 28%
Del &. Hudson...... 400 174" 173 173
Del Lack & West. 200 270 270 ' 268 .
Denver. & R'G..... 100 42% 42% 42V.
Denver & R G pfd. ..... ...V . . . * 90%
Erie ....:.......... 8.20O 39% 3S% 39
Erie 1st pfd 2.500 71% 70V. 70=1
Erie 2d pfd "... 500 56% 56% 56
Great Northern pfd 1,300 180 185 186
Hocking Valley ... 600 CS% 68% 68Vi
Hocking Val pfd... 400' S2% 82% 82
Illinois Central ... 100 139 .-. 139 139 '
Iowa Central 700 39*1 39 39
Iowa Central pfd.. " .- ... 72K
Lake Erie & West . ..... 07
Lake E & West pfd 128
L & N. ex div 2.300 103% 102»2 102%
Manhattan L....... 1.800 i:;0% 135% 135%
Met St Ry.... 19.000 171% 169% 171%
Mexican Central... 4.700 2S% 28 &. 28%
Mex National, tr. . 3.2O0 . 1574 15% 15%
Minn'& St Louis.. 4C0 106% 100 • 105%
Mo Pacific .... 10,000 102% 101% 101%
Mo Kan & Tex 300 24% 24% 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd ..... ..!! 7... B2%
N J Central 100 189% 189% 187
N T Central 1,400 1«L% 160% 10*
Norfolk & West ,700 56 % " 5G 56
Norfolk & West pfd 100 92% 92% 92
Ontario & West... 800 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 8,400 149% 148% 1»
Reading..... 62.100 56%' 55% 55%
Reading 1st pfd.... 600 82 81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd 10.S0O C3« 02 «J2>A
St L & S F 800 62% «2&'.««2
St L & S F 1st pfd. 200 84 84 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,300 75% 75 74
St L Southwest.... 100 27%" 27% 26%
St L Southwest pfd 700 00%. 59% 59%
f J £ au , 1 V." 8 ' 700 m^ 162% 1«2%
St Paul pfd 1S7
Southern Pacific .. 6,40ft . 59% 58% 58?4
Southern Ry 4,300 32% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 2..400 93ft 92% 02'i
Tex & Pac 700 3S 38 38
Tol St L & West.. 1.100 20 19 19%
Tol St L & W pfd. 2,000 3G% 35% S9%
Union Pacific 15,300 101% 100% 1009s
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 88% 88% 88
Wabash .: .14,600 22% 22% 22%
Wabasb pfd 3.5C0 42% 41%' 42%
Wheeling & L E... 100 17% 17% 17%
W&LE2dpfd .... .... 28%
VVisconsin Central.. 800 20 19% 19%
Wls Central pfd... COO 40%x 39% s 40
Express Companies —
Adams .- 195
American 215
United States 100 105 105 103
Wells-Fargo ; 190
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 76,600' 72% ¦ 70% 72
Amer Car <t Fndry. ¦ 600 29% -.20% 29«
Am Car & Fdry pfd 100 '88 SS '¦ 80
AmerLineeed Oil. . " ".7.": .'' r U . : . "' . ,T. ' r 'l5 j ¦
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..... .... .... 42
Amer Locomotive.. i,400 31% ' 31% 31%
Amer Locomot pfd 800 91% 91% 91 vi
Am Smeltg & Refg,9.700 48 46% 47Ti
Am Smt? & Rf pfd 2.000 97% 97 97
Anaconda Mining.. 0,200 32% 31%. 32
Brooklyn Rapid Tr. 7,100 66% 65% «6
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 86 85'4 85%
Consolidated Gas 217
Cent Tobacco pfd.. ¦ 700 118% IIS " 117%
General Electric... 000 280% 280 279
Glucose Sugar 1,800 49% 4!» 48s;
Hocking Coal 200 14% 14% 15
International Paper 100 20 20 10U.
Inter Paper pfd 75
Intematl Power 07
La el ode Gas ' "*" 9714
National Biscuit.... 100 44% 44% 44\2
National Lead 113/
National Salt «o
National Salt pfd ;] 03
North American ••--
Pacific ¦ Coast 200 74 731I 7-*
Pacilic Mail 100 46% 46% 46
People's Gas 8.800 102Vi 101 101K
Pressed St«el Car.. 100 40% 40 40
Press Steel Car pfd 700 84% 84% 84
Pullman Palace Car 300 223 220 ' 2°0
Republic Steel 000 16% 16% 16
Republic Steel pfd. 600 68% «58v4 CSV,
Sugar 72,800 127% 125 l?RVi
Tenn Coal & Iron.. ; 700 C3% 63 C29i
Union Bag & Paper .... .; 13
Union Bag & P pfd ..." 72U
U S Leather 300 11% - 11% iw
V S -Leather pfd... 200 80% 80>i 80%
U S Rubber .¦ 14 75
IT S Rubber pfd.... " go
US Steel.: 6.600 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd...... 11,700 93% »2% 92%
Western Union 1,600 91% 01 91
Total sales 445.300 *
• NEW YORK BONDS.
V 8 ref 2s reg...lO8% L & N uni 4s 101%
Do ref 2s coup.. 108% Mexican Cent 4s. 82%
Do 3s reg 108 Do 1st inc 32%
Do 3s coupon.. .108% Minn & St L 4s 104 *i
Do new 4s reg.. 138% M K & T 4s ." 99
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds gay,
Do old 4s reg.. 111% NY C lsts... 103%
Do old 4s-coup.lll% Do gen -3f%s 108%
Do 5s. reg.. 106 N J C sen 5s 135%
Do 5s coupon. ,JO7>4 N Pacific 4s...... 105
Atchison gen 4s..lO3'X. Do 3s....... ¦ 74Ri
Do adj 4s 92% N & W con 4s...'lO2vt
Bait & Ohio 4s. ..103% Reading gen 4s.. 98%
Do 3%s ...85% StL & I M con 5s. 118
Do conv 4s 105 St L & S F 4s... 96V.
Canada So 2ds...llO% St L Swstrn lsts. 98%
Cent of Ga 0s 110% Do 2ds 79*
5 Do 1st Inc 79% S A & A P 4s... 88V.
Ches & O 4%s....lO7%!S Pacific 4s 9.m
Chicago & A 3%s. Si%|S Railway 6s 119%
C B & Q new 4b. 95% Tex & Pac lsts.. .120
C M & St P g 4s.ll3%;T St L & W 4s.. S3
<T,!c *: N con 7s.. 140% U Pacific 4s.... 104%
C R I & P 4s 1O*~i. I Do conv 4s.... 1053i
C C C&St. li e 4s.l0i Wabaeh lsts nsS
Chicago Term 4s. !U% Do 2ds ftTil
Colo & So 4s.... £2% Do deb B...... 68%
D & R G 4s. 102% West Shore 4s. U2W
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% W & L E 4s 92%
Do gen 4s...:.. 88% Wise Cent 4s. SSaS
F W & D C lsts. 107% Con Tobacco 4s" 67%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8% . r *
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20. Little Chief ... 11
Alice 43 Ontario ."8 00
Breece 70 Ophir «2
Brunswick Con.. O« -. Phoenix ......' 0 (i
Comstock Tunnel 05% Potosi ' vi
Con Cal & Va..,l 25 : Savage .'.." qt
Dead wood Terra. 50 , Sierra Nevada 17
Horn Silver.: 1 50 ' Small Hopes. " •*«
Iron Silver „. fiO Standard .. ; '\ In
Leadville Con 05 I --..o*u
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mining-
Call loans.. .."..3%@4% Adventure igu
Time loans 4 @5 Allouez ... »£
Bonds— « : Amalgamated" '.'.'.'. 72
Atchleon 4s 102 Baltic . • 35
Gas lste.. ;-. .. 84 Blngham ....".".".'.' 22%
Mex Cent 4s . S"2% Calmuei & Hecla.590
N E Gas & Coke. 57% Centennial ..... 11%
Railroads— _ Copper Range.... 53%
Atchison 75% Dominion Coal... 61 T
Do prefd 9<J% Franklin .... 12W
Boston & A lbany.2C2 Isle Royale. . . .21-
Boston & Maine. 1»2% Mohawk :... 30%
Boston Elevated.. 170 Old'Dominion.... 21
N Y N H & H...210% Osceola ...\. fil%
FltchbUrg prefd. .142 Parrot .:..:.....: 20
Union Pacific 100% Qulncy .....:... .135
Mexican Central.. 28% Santa Fe? Copper. 2%
Miscellaneous — Tamarack . . 251
American 8ugar,. 125% Trlmountaln . 57%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 158 United States.... 14%
General Electric. 280 Utah 23%
N. E Gas & Coke. . 5 Victoria ..... 4%
U S Steel 42% Winona ...... 1%
•_ Do prefd 93 /Wolverine ....... 46
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Coneols for money Mo, Kana'A Tex. '25%
; 03 15-16 Mo. K & T pfd./5;{
Consols for acct.. 04 Norfolk & Wstn.57 1^
Ar^conda ....... 6% Nor & W pfd.... 93
Atchison ; 78% Ontario & Wstn.. 34%
Atchison pfd 99% Pennsylvania /. ..151 -
Bait & Ohio .105% Reading .: 57 1
Canadian Pacific. 117>/« Reading 1st ; pfd .. 83
Che« & Ohio 47% Reading 2d pfd.. 04 -
Chgo & G W..... 23 Southern Ry.....I 33%
Chgo, M & St P. .167% Southern Ry pfd. ,0414
Denver & R G... 43ii Southern Pacific. 60%
D & R G pfd.... 93% Union Pacific . 91
Erie 40% US Steel........ 43%
Erie' 1st pfd.. ..,-72% US Steel pfd.... 97
Erie 2d pfd. . .': . . 58 Wabash ... . . . ; . . 22%
Illinois Central.-.". 142 K Wabash pfd...... 43 .
NEW YORK,. Jaa 24.— Money on call was
easier, at 2@3 per cent; • closed offered at 2
per. cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per
cent. Sterling exchange was steady, with ac
tual business in bankers' bills • at $4 87 for
demand and at $4 84 1 yl@4 81% for sixty. days.
Posted rates, $4 S5 and $4 88. -Commercial
bills, $4 83y.<§>4 84V4- Bar silver, 55%c. Mexi
can dollars, 44}4c. . Bonds — Governments,
steady; States, steady; railroads, irregular. .
Neiv York Money Market.
TAC0MA, Jan. 24.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; bluestem, 64c; club, 63c.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Jan. 24.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla/ C3@64c; bluestem, 65c. • " : %
Cleared — British ship Glenlui, with 103,357
bushels of wheat: British ship Anaurus, with
89,603, and the German bark Selene, with. 67,
642,"' all for Queenstown.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON, Jan. 24.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day- numbered 14,250 bales. AH
superiors were in good demand .at unchanged
rates. • Greasy cross-breds were eagerly taken
¦by American and European buyers at . 10@15
per cent over December sales. . Merinos were
5@7% per cent dearer. I '• . '¦.'£'*<¦'
London Wool Sales.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, . Jan. 24.— The cotton market
closed quiet, 2 to 9 points higher."- . ;
NEW YORK, Jan. - 24.— COFFEB-^-Futures
closed steady, with prices net unchanged to 5
points lower. TotaL sales, 25,000 bags, includ
ing: March, .$5 70;Tklay, $5 90@5 95: Septem
ber, $6 20@C 25; October, $6 30; ¦ December,
?6 45. ¦¦¦ - ¦.;-..- ;;¦•¦ v < , -.
New York Coffee Market.
Failures for tho week number 301 in the
United States against 306 last year and 28 in
Canada against 4C last year. . „
Hesitation is general in the markets for sta-'
pie products. There is no longer the reckless,
buoyancy so conspicuous a short time ago. Dis
aster to one prominent operator had a. calming
influence and in the case of corn the insignifi
cant exports cannot- well be entirely ignored.
Foreign buying of wheat," 1 flour included, is
much ¦ more liberal, ¦ all ports of the -United
States sending out 4.320.005 bushels during the
past week, compared with 4,038,481 bushels a
year ago. , Meats have weakened and dairy
products are 1 also less inflated. Raw/ sugar
stiffened owing to restricted arrivals, which
are natural since Cuban holders await favor
able tariff arrangements and bounty discus
sions affect conditions in Europe.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of > Trade to-morrow will say:
Little of a. novel nature: has developed in the
business or financial situation during the past
week. Conditions of the - preceding week were
accentuated as- a rule; • active manufacturing
plants becoming still, more . busily engaged,
while the downward tendency of prices was not
checked. Retail trade is of immense volume
and jobbers have immense spring orders to fill.
Western cities send the most satisfactory re
turns, but nearly all sections, are ¦ enjoying
wholesome activity, even j the • South . showing
evidence of Improvement. Wages , were volun
tarily advanced. at a number of manufacturing
plants and hours reduced at others. There were
few labor controversies, .while skilled«work
men are in greater demand than supply.
pears a sufficiency for all immediate require
ments. Prices remain unchanged as competi
tion is not keen, and any marked advance
would be Immediately checked by fuel oil.
which Is yet being offered at prices which coat
cannot reach. There has been a sharp de
mand for several weeks past for fuel for house
purposes^ — stoves and grates— and popular
grades are almost unprocurable, even at ex
treme prices. This scarcity of suitable domes
tic coal 13 forcing consumers to utilize gas
stoves and heaters. Freights from Australia
still remain low and Importers are offering
Colonial products at reduced quotations.
Freights from Swansea and Cardiff are stiffen
ing a little, hence very few coal orders are
going forward. Contracts for oil ar» being
freely made, extending over long periods, at
prices which favor the consumers more than
the producers. The former are well aware of
the number of companies that have capped
their wells, not finding customers for their out
put — this Justifies their buying only at seduct
ive figures. "
OIL— California Castor OIL in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels.
boiled. 74c: raw. 72c: cases.. 8c more; Lucol.
64c for boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 80c;
cases, 95c: China Nut, 37%@«8c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure. 65c:. Whale Oil, natural white.
40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 87&c:
cases, 42Hc: Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%o for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water. White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c:
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21Vac; Bemlne. In bulk, 14c: In cases.
-0»4c; 88-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In
case?. 2«%c. . '
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com*
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners* A. 4.SOc:
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, lOo
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than " 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half -barrels, 5.30c: boxes, 5.55c per lb.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser" s ¦ London financial - cablegram says : j
| The approaching settlement has a tendency
to check new ventures In ! the • stock • market
and at the eame time -to induce some realiza
tion. Investment shares are hardening on
prcepects of I dearer money. Americans were
idle, but New York bid prices up fractionally.
The argument that is used here is that a ver "
<l!ct sustaining .the .legality of _ the Northern
Securities Company deal would not stimulate
public buying, while a verdict against the con
solidation scheme might mean a 10- point drop
in the stocks of ,the constituent companies.
The feature was Rio Tintos, which. spurted to
4.5% and closed at 43%. Copper rose only
>4. but the market thinks the corner has been
turned. - The leading Rio Tintos official sailed
for America on Wednesday, presumably to ar
range some terms with Amalgamated Copper.
There .was also a rumor, that Calumet and
¦Hecla has come into, the agreement.
: Money is very scarce. ¦* '-.\ ; ' ¦ ¦ •¦
London ¦; Market.
deduced rail rates on Barley and Bran to the Southwest.
Oats, Corn and Rye shozv little change.
Hay keeps firm. . Feedstuff s casv
A o further decline in Beans.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain about the same.
Good business in Dried Fruits at firm prices.
Provisions looking up agate at Chicago.
Hogs weak at the recent decline.
Tzvo cars of Oranges offered at auction.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady.
Poultry and Game shozv little variation:-
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
House Coals scarce. •
Louis & Nash 10S% Spanish 4s.. . 77V4
N "5T • Central ..... 1C5 <-i I
Bar silver, dull, 25d per ounce. .
Money, 2SJ2 1 /. per cent. \, ¦'
The rate of discount in the open market for
short, bills is Z'i ier cent.
The rate of -liacount in the open market for
3-mdnths' oil! 3 is 2 15-16 per cent. ; •
SUMMARY OF 7 HE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Iron was quiet. ; The English markets for
iron were firmer, and Glasgow closed at 40s 4d
and Middlesboro closed at 44s 4%d. Pig iron
warrants closed here at $ll@12;No.". 1 fourtdry
Northern, $16@17 50; No. 2 foundry Northern,
$16@16 75; No. 1 foundry Southern, $1&3IO 60;
No. 1 foundry Southern, soft,. ¦$16@1C 50. ...
Lead was dull and unchanged in the local
market. At London there ¦ was < a decline of
Is 3d to.£1018s Od.i <':¦ ¦ . , -
Spelter was quiet with - 4 $4 J30 quoted here
and London' was also unchanged at £16, 15s. ¦
Copper was steady, but quiet and unchanged
here with lake at lie, electrolytic at 10%o and
casUng at 1034c. London i was about . 7s . 6d
higher, closing- with futures at £49. ¦ '."' • ¦;
. NEW • YORK, Jan. 24.— The' New York and
London tin; markets were , higher. Abroad
there . was an advance - of . £1 for spot, but
futures ;¦ were ¦ r unchanged. ¦•.'"¦ Spot in London
closed at "£107 10s and futures at £103 15s.
At New York «the closing range was at. $24 @
24 25. : . The tone was firm at the advance -
New York Metal Market.
• HOGS — Receipts, -.5000;. steady. '¦ Light- and
light mixed, $5 70@0 20: medium and- hnavy,
$U@fi 50: pigs, ?3 75@4 80. ; . • .. - ' '
SHEEP— Receipts, . 700; weak. ; Top Colo
rado .wethers,' $5 25. '.'.-/.. ¦" .
and heifers, v$l'50@5 35: veals, $3 50@6,25;
stockers and feeders,' $2 25@4 50.,.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14@17c; Live
Turkeys.' 13@14c for ' Gobblers and 14® 15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, 1 $1 50®l 75; Goslings,
$2® 2 25: Ducks. $4(S5 for old and- $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4@4 50; young. Roosters. $4 50®
6;old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers, ?4@5; Broil
ers, $4@5 for large and ?3@3 60 -for small:
Pigeons, $1 CO per dozen for old and $2 6o@
2 75 for Squabs. ¦ . ' . ' . ¦
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1: Hare, $125;
Rabbits. $1 KO for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard ?2-£T3; Canvasback. $2@3 50; Spris.
$150@175; Teal. $1@1 25; Widgeon. 75c@$l;
Small Ducks, '75c@$l; Black Jack, $1: English
Snipe. $2 50: Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese.
$3; White Geese, $1 25® 1 50; Brant, $1 GO®:!
per. dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50. ¦ ¦
The Poultry market. Is In good shape and
fancy stock, which is scarce; sells readily.
Common stock is plentiful and dragging. Re
ceipts of Dressed Turkeys were about 70 cases
and the market for, real fancy stock was a little
better, with some sales in a small way over
the quotation, but there was considerable poor
stock t offering. " • -¦. ¦"» • -" .¦ -¦..:•
Changes in Game were slight. Receipts were
99 sacks. • ¦ • ".•"¦-¦," '¦¦' ¦- ¦ ¦
Poultry and Game.
I VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. 5@8c: String Beans from Loa Angeles,
12%@20c; Cabbage. 40950c per "ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 CO© 2 per box and $2 25
per .crate; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c per lb;
Los Angeles do, 16©lSe; Dried Okr/i. 12 fe®
15c per lb; Carrots, 3o@50c per sack: Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@2 per dozen f or ' large and
50<7ii75c for small;. Garlic. 1%©2%c; Los An
geles Green Peppers. 25c; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 25c: Summer - Squash from L03
Angeles, $1 25@1 75: Marrowfat Squash, $S@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms,
nominal. • * ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦
v POTATOES — $1@1 SO for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks. $1 50@l 73: Ore
gon Burbanks. $1 25@1 65: - Oregon Garnet
Chiles. $1 40® 1 50; River Reds, $1 50® 1 bO:
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 60; Sweets, $1 25
for Merced. . ,¦
ONIONS— Oregons, $1 75@2; Green Onions,
40<300c per box. " . ¦ r : .
Los Angeles "Vegetables were in heavier sup
ply yesterday than for "some days 'past and
Peas and Beans were weaker. - .The market,
however, cleaned up fairly well and there was
considerable Inquiry for Peas for shipment on
the Oregon steamer.'. Some new Rhubarb sold
at 10c per lb.
Onions remain as before quoted.
but stocks are plentiful and the Oregon steamer
Is due to-day with fresh supplies. Seed Pota
toes continue scarce and . high under a strong
demand. . Reports from Stockton ¦ saying ' that
Potatoes will become weaker are not Indorsed
here. '-: * ¦.-.-• , ¦ ¦ ¦•.¦¦ .
Canadian failures for the ! week number 34,
as against 35 last; week and 34 .in this week
a. year, axo. •,.'-••¦ - • ¦ '- - - ¦¦ -. • ¦. -.; ¦
Business failures in '.the United States ; for
the week number 292, as against 291 last week,
2S1 in this week last year, 252 in 1000, 246 in
1890 and 2S8 in. 1898. -,
Corn' experts aggregate '179,520. bushels,, as
against 289,203- bushels last week and 3,702,
1152 bushels last year. 'July 1," 1901, to date,
corn exports are: 21,435,237 bushels,, against
111,702,012 bushels last season. -'
- Wheat, Including flour, exports' for .the week
aggregate 3,630,U79 bushels, as against 4,600,
202 bushels last week and 4,83S,678 bushels in
this ; wet-U . last year. ,' • "Wheat export*. July 1,
1901;. to date (thirty weeks), aggregate • 161,-
C44.152 bushels, as against 111,002,273 bushels
last season.' ' . < - ;'¦' ' • .¦¦¦¦;¦ ;¦. ¦;= ;¦¦ - ¦
aided logging operations, but In the great con
sumptive markets the winter has been an open
one and building operations have gone on "with
less than the usual, Interruption;: with the re
sult that stocks are reported small and prices
firm..' .. lv : '¦¦: ' ¦ ¦". -V:"' •' "->t-' ] •'¦'¦ >;' •'
THE SAN FRANCISCO .C^tLy ; SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1902.
Dun's Review of Trade. '
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
11
The feature on the Bond Exchange was tin
decline In Giant Powder from $ 79 to $77 SO.
Perhaps the report that. the company's earn
ings ' last year were $7000 under > the amr tint
required to pay . the dividends declared might
have ' had ; something .to do ' with the decline.
At the annual meeting of the company on tho
22d the following •fflcer3 and directors were
elected: iC. C. Bemis, president; T. B. Bishop.
T. B. Pheby. L. F. Monteagle. J. K." Smith.
A. - Abrahams: ,C. H. Phillips, ylce president.
Julian Scantag was chosen general manger;
A. A- Sparks, secretary, and Frank Roller,
superintendent. The company paid regular
.;¦£
STATIONS, I
T
. re
S S O 3 3
g£ ga *f & i
53 33 si S° «
: 3 ; 3 : s | £
Astoria. 29. S2
Baker 29.54
Carsoa 29.74
Eureka. 23.04
Fresno 2».OO
Flagstaff 29. 60
Vocatello, Ida.2a.58
Independence 29.58
Los Angeles.. 29. S4
Phoenix 29.70
Portland 29.78
Red Bluff 29.72
Roseburg- 29.76
Sacramento ..29.80
Salt Lake 29.52
Fan FrancSsco.29.92
S. L. Obispo.. 29.94
San Diego 29. 88
Seattle 29.98
S-'pokaae 30.00
Wai la W"a!la~29.S0
Wlnneiaucca .l".'.r.i:
TaE.a 29.74
36 22 XE Pt.Ody .06
25 8 NW Snow .10
38 22 SW Snow .18
50 36 NW Cloudy .12
52 36 NW Clear .29
26 20 S Snow .54
30 6 SE Cloudy .00
46 2tf W Clear .00
58 38 -W Clear 1.32
6S 36 S Cloudy T.
*«8 28 NW Snow .10
00 32 EE Cloudy .28
42 32 SW Snow .10
54 40 SW Pt.Cldy .14
36 22 S Cloudy .00
52 44 W Pt.Cldy .05
58 34 W Clear . .60
58 52 W Pt.Cldy .48
34 26 NW Cloudy .»3
2S 18 N'E Cloudy .05
28 24 N Enow .11
34 20 TV Cloudy T.
G6 36 W Cloudy T.
.;¦£
STATIONS, I
T
. re
S S O 3 3
g£ ga *f & i
53 33 si S° «
: 3 ; 3 : s | £
Astoria. 29. S2
Baker 29.54
Carsoa 29.74
Eureka. 23.04
Fresno 2».OO
Flagstaff 29. 60
Vocatello, Ida.2a.58
Independence 29.58
Los Angeles.. 29. S4
Phoenix 29.70
Portland 29.78
Red Bluff 29.72
Roseburg- 29.76
Sacramento ..29.80
Salt Lake 29.52
Fan FrancSsco.29.92
S. L. Obispo.. 29.94
San Diego 29. 88
Seattle 29.98
S-'pokaae 30.00
Wai la W"a!la~29.S0
Wlnneiaucca .l".'.r.i:
TaE.a 29.74
36 22 XE Pt.Ody .06
25 8 NW Snow .10
38 22 SW Snow .18
50 36 NW Cloudy .12
52 36 NW Clear .29
26 20 S Snow .54
30 6 SE Cloudy .00
46 2tf W Clear .00
58 38 -W Clear 1.32
6S 36 S Cloudy T.
*«8 28 NW Snow .10
00 32 EE Cloudy .28
42 32 SW Snow .10
54 40 SW Pt.Cldy .14
36 22 S Cloudy .00
52 44 W Pt.Cldy .05
58 34 W Clear . .60
58 52 W Pt.Cldy .48
34 26 NW Cloudy .»3
2S 18 N'E Cloudy .05
28 24 N Enow .11
34 20 TV Cloudy T.
G6 36 W Cloudy T.
AUCTION SALES
CLOSINfrOUT SALE
- Of the Choicest of »
27 PALO ALTO-BBOOD MARES,
An safe In foal to such sires as McKINNET.
2:11%: IRON ALTO. 2:12%; NUTWOOD
WILKES. 2:16%; MENDOCINO. 2:19%: EX-
IOXEER. AZMOOR. 2:20%; MONBEIX3.
2:2.1%, etc. The great sire Azmoor. 2:20%.
will also be sold. Sale will take place at the
Occidental Korse Exchange, 721 Howard St.,
San Francisco, on Thursday, January 30. 1002.
commencing at 11 o'clock a. m. Horses at
salesyard January 2C Send for catalogue.
¦ WM. G. LATNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
IC7"This will be the grandest opportunity
ever offered seekers after famous first-class,
handsome trotting mares In foal to the moat
fashionable sires in California, There will b-
no reserve. Watch this space for further an-
nouncements.THE ./SAN FRANCISCQ^CAiLIi, SATURDAY; eTANXTARY 25, 1902.
12
: MoVeY . TO LOAN— CQT»t1»»m;;l. ¦
Z' On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
R • niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
,e lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room gl3.
*¦ ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
_ quick: lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
.. age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
n Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Esc..- 431 California.
y ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
_ $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery sL. r. 1.
lf CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bids.
I: 3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. T.oora SI. C Eddy.
'" $10 UP on furniture, pianos:' no com.: private
n party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th nr.
Lowest rates, furniture pianos; no removal; no
- commta.; confidential! Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
e ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dia-
e counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
- I ON Turnlture. pianos: fowest rate: no removal;
). I strictly private. LICX. 116 McAllister st.
- IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without lndorser; other proposl-
m tlons. S.-F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS' money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. ¦ Western Loan Co.. .1OQ Phelan bldg.
: .MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS. .
= AGAIN we remind you' that our piano stock,
both new a«d second-hand. Is the largest wese
- - of Chicago and inc!ud*s the most reliable
7 makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
•>' easy payments of $0 per month; some' good
" planoa for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco"; cop-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
1 EOHMKK A CO. Pianos.
BYRON' MAUZY Planoa.
¦ LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
FPEILMANN Pianos.
I CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
. PIPE ORGANS. 5>
£ BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post it.
- ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS^
3 Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
9 Fecond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
» Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
• pianos from $17S up. BF.NJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. - Chlckerinjf, Masoa
& Hamlln, Vose. Sterling plano». ¦
: ALL makes, rent $2 up. credited if purchased:
-I Installments $3 up; bi?r allowance - for old
I pianos: bargains $25 up in Stelnways, Heine.
Chlckerlnp. etc. Agents wanted for Peerles*
Heine and 20 ethers. HEINE PIANO CO..
; 217 Geary st.
I A FTX&L-SIZED upright piano. $«5; slx-octav»
; Mason & Hamlin organ. $3S; Steinway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275; Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. 1 BOWERS ft
» SON. 23 Fifth St.: iyERS & POND. Agents.
/ ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
' within 2 years and full purchasa price al-
lowed on a new peerless 1 Knabe. at ¦ regular
5 price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from ue. KOHI.ER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
- «t.; established 1S50.
1 WE have pianos to show, you during the ap«-
9 cial sale of this month that will cost you
very little In comparison with their real
~. value; It Is money In your pocket to take a4-
' vantage of this oner. THE ZENO MAU-
5 VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
a ! $147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
? I clearance rale at B33 Market st. : second-hand
1 I Dlanes. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEJT
_ COMPANY. ¦ .
? A— PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
1 rent, store or sell; no reasonable cash offer
refused. 217 Geary St., room 3ft.
:* OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
'• ward:' values best in the city. PIERCE' 3
g PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
i A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; -dirt
= I cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up;
a easy paymts. Fay'a Piano House, 1729 Missn.
. NEW piano sold at sacrifice; taken for debt.
; Apply 108 Oak st.
I 100 NEW pianos $3 a month; money allowed on
9 ' purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
-.. PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st.
-' PRIVATE, party will sacrifice account death
J handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month.
ij SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
' $175— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
1 16 McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins,' zithers, old and new. hT
" MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
¦ AT KEEFFE*S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
; Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargain*.
" ,__ XEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT. ~
2 DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York.
has permanently located a!- 607 Van Nes»
: ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
: OFFICES AXI» STORES TO LET.
j EMMA SpieckelV building, 927 Market st.—C>r-
flces with modern conveniences, $13 to $25.
; ASHTON & GARDINER.
: OFFICES WANTED.
WANTED — Deakroom. Box 2550, Call office.
i stores wasted;
; STORE wanted: centrally located: owners only,
t " Address O. C. D.. box 35G1. Call office.
I . OIL. -
I OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
I sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission gt.
j PALMISTRY.
' I G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2at:.
• H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
; Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5C1.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits w« make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
' ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. hear Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
' free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
'. WHY suess?. You can be certain of style and
fit. by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
1 Domestic office. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
: A— WHAT d» you think? O. BERMAN. <*S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order;. $1 each;
. same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
J A HEALTHY brunette boy and girl baby for
adoption. EMILIE FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.,
Alameda.
,10.000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerou3
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth St., room,
• 11: call after 7 n. m.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, . pearls, precious
: stones, antiques and curies bought. The Old
; Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
¦ WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
1 CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
I I ONLY carry the best switches, free from
1 dyed hair. $1. $1 50; hair dressing. 25c. G.
LEDERER. 12U Stockton st. ,
A — IF your hair la falling or you are bald call on
. Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
MME. LATJRME'S sure cure for dandruff and
• falling hair; con. free.' 1007}-i Mkt. ; parlor 1;
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
yeara' experience. J. B. KAY. -157 Minna st.
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Hair Remover.
708 Polk St.. near Eddy; phone Polk S522.
ACTIXA for sale by the A'Vlda Company,' 7C3
¦ ¦ Valencia st., corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion:
open afternoons & evenings: 10c; ladlea free.
.SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
elcctrfc needle. MISS EATON. Ull» Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS balr and moles destroyed wl*h
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURS
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 90S Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed"
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNX, 10C2 Vi Dolorea st?
JE^ VE t? l T. f ST sale: diamonds, precious stones"
bought. T. Fershtand. 120 Kearny st.. rm 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs.H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wi«rs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.; 733 Mkt.'
Masquerade ccstumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costnmer. 2tt O'Farrell ; country orders.
T^°» R^ IA k DE ¦£"!•' * 7 ' W: tlress Pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR h FRENCH CORN PAINtI
. the beat corn cure: 25c; all drngslsta.
ALFREDUMS: Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists' .
C *i EAP ?^ T and !>«•* «n America— The Weekly
?t^V i eP ases ' sent *° any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $1
- postage paid.
PLAXIXG AND TURNING MILLS. .
WOOD and Ivory turning, planing, shaDina
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont.
_E^^OXMEyTJ\VAyTET^MAXj^.Jc
: BY general ' of floe man ; large', experience • rail-
way - and ; . steamship companies ; : 14 ' years on
west coast South America; speaks and writes
Spanish; fluently;, expert penman. Box 2552,
Call office. ;-;'-<--„ . \ \ - ;;-.•_- ;
HONEST, young man . wishes, position . in prl-
'.vate family.; to ihelp about house;; can fur-
nish references; state wages. Box 3481,* Call.
: YOUNG man who' can , setv straight "r matter
wishes .work \ In printing office, with chance
to learn trade." Room: 75. -560 Howard st.
WANTED— Position by experienced cook. Ad-
dress *<box '3532, Call office. " .. _. , .'¦* . ;
WANTED— Position . cs dishwasher. Address
1 I box 3532, Call office. - V
YOUNG man of neat appearance desires posi-
tion : 1 first-class g references ; • has .¦ had expe-
-• rlence .warehouseman, fireman janitor, care
of. horses;. can drive; Is willing and obliging,
F. J.. 60 Halght st; - - : ' .
NURSE, with "good hospital "and physicians'
references; obliging and satisfaction ,' always
1 given. F. M. JONES, residence 200 .Van
Ness ave. ; tel. South So". . "
GOOD dishwasher wants work. Apply MICH-
AEL BUTLER, room A 1671 Lindell House,
corner Sixth and Howard sts. : ".•.'.."¦' ' ", - ,'.' \
SITUATION wanted es private gardener;- ex-
perienced; best of references. 860 Union St.,
Oakland.- • .- ¦. . :,v, • »¦• ,
RESPECTABLE -man, experienced ., Janitor,
wants arty kind of ; work around . house or
store for small compensation. Box 3539. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position as cigar drum-
mer; has city and country trade; none but a
" first-class house need answer. Box 3538. Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants position as fore-
man on jtock range or farm; city referneces.
Address Ijox SC27.'. Call -office.'.. '
I GOOD barber wants Job; $10 week; have rea-
r eon for this add. • 172 Minna St.. room 12.
i WANTED— Situation as stationary engineer by
sober reliable •¦ man. . Address ¦ box 35G4, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranch office. 2200 Fillmore.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aol
subscriptions : has . been established . at -10t>6
Valencia st. : ¦'-.:-¦ ¦ ¦ .-.- . ¦ • - .
A- . ¦¦"'.'".'. FINANCIAL.^ ..'. .
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-'
teed and ; firance'd; • stock taken in payment
for 'services;, good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished.. PACIFIC STATES MIXING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
; stock' brokers, 320 ' Post Ft. •' I
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— W»
¦ have -42 offices in- operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds ; companies incor-
porated; stocks. and bonds underwritten. Call.
or address main ¦ office. ¦ rjO7-S-tt Parrott bldg.
- r FLATS TO, LET. :.
HAYES, 1743, nr." Masonic ave. and Park Pan-
handle — Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; $15.
1 $10— BAY-WINDOW sunny flat; 5 rooms. "28^
• West M'Bsion St., bet. Twelfth and Brady.
2 MODERN flats, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; store-,
room. 25 Elgin Park. <
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
. FVRNISHED FLAT AY ANTED.
FURNISHED j flat wanted - by young married
¦ couple; no -children; a neatly furnished flat
of 6 or 6 rooms; location north, of O'Farrell
and east of Devisadero: must be scrupulously
. -clean and contain modern" improvements;
. state rent.". Address" box 2SS4, Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. 4
FOR ¦ sale—^-New and elegant furniture; In use
3 weeks; cost:$1500; party must go East- at
once; 'flat to rent, ,.?u0, just completed.- In
. Western Addition. Box 2548, Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Flat, four furnished rooms,
kitchen and bath; all complete for housekeep-
ing; rooms cover rent. 221 Natoma, top bell.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A- WEEK'S news. for 5 cents-^rThe Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. ?1 per year.
FURNITURE >VANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
D. & F.- BLACK suede glove; best In the wo.td;
• warranted; "kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
j HELP WANTED— .FEMALE.^^
I MRS.. M. E. DAY & CO. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT'......;.'.
" .Waitress,, south, $25, fare here: 2 waitresses,"
near city, $20; 12 waitresses, different country
I 'and city; hotels, $10; 3 waitresses, * city, $25,
! room out; 2 ¦ more chambermaids, Southern
. California, $20, half fare paid." >
. ...'... T. FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Houseglrl, 2 In family, San Rafael, $25, see
-lady here; houseglrl, ranch, small American
j family, $20; many choice, reliable positions,
j MRS. M. E. DAY"& CO. .... .". .335 Geary st.
j NEAT young . saleslady for" extra work, . candy
store; good wages;: steady position. y . .
;MRS. M. E. DAY. & CO... 335 Geary st.
j AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
! ......;.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .'".' ."...*
! Waitress,', commercial - hotel. ': see party here,
$20; .2. waitresses, flrst-class place," country,
$25, fare paid; 2 waitresses, short distance,
¦ $20; other places - for. waitresses, city, and
country;' chambermaid, $20; cashier and as-
1 slst .waiting, $6 week. . ¦ ". - '
! ......... FAMILY DEPA RTMENT ....:...
! . Houseglrl, nice place, Berkeley, ' see party
here. $25; -cooks,- housegirls, second girls,
• nursegirls, $10-$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 ¦ Geary ¦ st. :', : • .. . '
i WANTED — A number, of cooks, plain wash;
! also; Protestant second girls, $20 and $25;
' laundress, $25; 2 nurses, $20 and $25; 0 wait-
resses, $20 a month, $7 and ss a week; par-
lor maid, j $25, and a large number.' of 1 girls
for ' housework, city and country, at $25 and
! $30 per month. J. F. CROSETT & CO.; 334
' - Sutter st. .../...<-. ¦ ¦
A — WANTED — Girls and women at S. F; Halr-
3 dressing College - to learn halrdresslng j trade
• thoroughly. In. 2 weeks; course $5,, including
': . manicuring, massage, scalp .treatment, bleach-
( Ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, rwltch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement,, filling positions in stores all
• over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
those entering Immediately; girl' not. knowing
trade in '-.weeks given money back'; day & eve. '
clayscp. S.'F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r.. 13-15.
OPERA TORS at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factoxy, «2% Fremont St.; no experience nec-
essaty; good pay; steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
FOREMAN and designer on ladies' waists and
- wrappers; must be able to grade her\own
• patterns;-: liberal' wages; good • position '¦ to
rlsht party. I. MAGN1N & CO.,, 65t> Mis-
sion st. third floor. ". . ¦;
WANTED— ; Young woman for wrapping de-
- partment, ; women's wear store; also ; com-
petent to assist in office work; must be ex-
perlenccd. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St..
WANTED— Young lady '. as assistant to book-
keeper, rapid writer | and accurate; ; salary
$::o. Box 3560. Call office. / -- .-
FIRST-CLASS arm waitress, $8 . •. per week
BRUESS' Cafe, 70 Third et: ' ¦ per weeK '
EXPERIENCED folder for bindery. GABRIEL*
419 Sacramento "st. «•;¦'••¦ .. - ' :
WANTED — A good young woman for . cooking
and : downstairs work. 2640 Howard -. st.' :
GOOD cook; come prepared to work; wages $35
: and room. ; 1909 McAllister st. :.
WANTED— A hairdresser arid manicure. " 2117
Fillmore st... near California. \
CAL; College of Halrdresslng and Massage su-
perior to all others; ladies requested to visit
the classes: all who enter this week get full
course for $4. 305 Larkin St.; take elevator-
ladlea' work done free. ' ,¦ ¦ . •
GOOD cook, 30 to. 35 years. In^ small private
boarding-house;; good wages if satisfactory.
Call between 8 and 10 a; m., 326 Halght str
YOUNG girl to 'take care of, 3 children from S
-a., ;.-m.- till 8 p. m.; $7 per "month. Apply 222
Kearny *t. ¦ ; , . • ¦ • . ¦ -•; . .
"WANTED^-Two experienced waitresses. Apply
WANTED— Experienced ¦ art ' goods" saleslady.
+ -Apply i between 8 and 11 a. m." at ," HALE
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. • Ap-
ply at HALE BROS'., between 8 and 11 a. m.
CULTURED --woman for business -position;
• some experience In the nursing line desirable.
,.;Box 3498. Call office.- /. „:>--.¦¦- .
A" GIRL, to assist- in: general housework. Call
. at t>25 Hayes Bt: . , _ "
A". GIRL for 'light' housework and take careof
" a child. y U632 McAllister St.. I. ¦'¦"'¦
FIRST-CLASS talloress, all ready for work, 'at
r'H2 Kearny st.. room 7 (steady Job), .y
."WANTED— rYoung girl , for general housework.
¦- ,.14 . Hyde st. ; references. -->-„-. -.•¦: .: .'. r '\:
fWANTED-^Jlrl " for. , plain cooking ' and '» gen-
/ .eral , housework; small; family. -, 1510 , Grove.
A 'GERMAN* woman .' as / governess ; '"state '* re-"
Uglon; salary. $30. Box 2994. Call.
: CLASSIFIED advertieements and 1 eubscri ptions
- received at Call ; branch office.^ 2200 , Fillmore.
¦X'. BRANpH office for Call advertisements and ',
subscrlptlons# has been - established at 1009
Valencia st. - . ... ¦ -
LOST AND FOPXp.
LOST— Morocco ? leather case, between Ne<R
Montgomery and . Market sta:. containing .'
Wells -Fargo express orders. Finder will be
liberally rewarded by returning same to R.
P. MURTHA. 143 Third St.
LOST — A fox' terrier 6 months old; liberal re-
ward. Return 121 Trenton st.. bet. Stocktor
. and: Powell.', off -Paciflc. ' ' \ '¦
LOST — Nugget charm. "Return to 724 Eddj
. st.; §10 reward. './.'• . '
LOST — Bobtail spitz dog: answers to name ol
Carlo. Return 1629 Bush st.: reward.
LOST— Small white French poodle bitch; old;
$10 reward. Return 913 Eddy st. :. --'"'..
LOST — A passbook with, the Hiberrila Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
" the name of ANNJE PEPPER. No. 1S5-519.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
- and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
: name of ANDREW SEPP. No. 191-103!.- Th<
finder wi)l please return to bank.
6-MONTH S' old fox terrier bitch; reward $2 50.
Return " to 2153 Flllmore st. ".
IT will pay 'to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Rutter St.. needs eld
gold and silver to make n«»w watch case*."
- >i.ai;h(\k \\ oiikm.
ENSIGN. Machine Works, 415% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 3. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRI3IONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
Iadle3 send 10c for list. Mrs. Herta. 70rt Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
. antecd. - HOPKE BRO3.. 411 to 415 Powell
_ Et.: tel. Bush.. 421. . ¦ ' ¦ - "-
' MEDICAL.
LADIES-r-All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most -obstinate
cases have bceu telieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a ilelicat" nature; all . classes of femala
comi laln.s treated; ie le; to the longest ca?esj
all pilvate diseases in both sex treated; blood
diseases cured, 10 to 30 days. DR. G W.
O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist :
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and 'during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor,
MRS. KOHL. speclali3t./41Q O'Farrell st.
MEN — "Why be weak, when you can be strong?
Dr. De Ford's Regenerator cures when all
others fail. Price 50c, 0 for $2 50, by mail;
a guaranteed cure. DR. DE FOXD'S REM-
EDY CO., 136 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
MRS. < M. WEGENER. ladles^physlclan, haa
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 112 Mason St.. formerly
of. 1312 Golden L Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home, 000 Market st'.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st., S.- P.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee3.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. -DA VIES
at the old office, ' 122S Market Et. : 30 years'
experience -In obstetric and other cases.
iJfcs. . DAVIS, ladies' specialist, returned from
New York; maternity home;. low fees; best
medical care. 1382 Market st.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama St.. nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10;avotd delay;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
Jll.M'.S AM) MIXING.
A COMPANYT^uTjTin^o7p^a^ea r^nTowning~a
" gravel proposition of exceptional merit, will
dispose of a portion of its treasury stock at
50c per sharo in block's of 500 shares or mul-
tiples thereof. • ~~
The company owns and controls many miles
of ancient river channels and gravel claims
. carrying gold of high assays, both in quanti-
ty • and fineness. Address for interview.
"Miner," care Palace 'Hotel..: '
FOR sale — Property of the Consolidated Gold
Mining Comyany."situated in Nevada County.
15 miles north of Auburn: 2 patented claims,
8-stan:p quartz mill, ¦ ditch and hoisting
works; reasons forselllng, non-experience of
mining by owners; mine open for inspection.
Further particulars from A. MEISTER. Sao-
ramc-iito, Cal. ¦
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F. : branch office.-Nome. Alaska, neason 1S02.
MISCELLAKfcOUS — FOR SALJB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Ms^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
TEN gas engines. 2 to 30 H. P.: fine condition;
woodworking machinery, electric motor3,
- some shopworn lathes, steam and power
pumps. -BURTON. 41-46 Main st.. S. F.
FOR sale— New gasoline 30- foot - launch; 8
horsepower engine; fine and fast sea boat;
. suitable for freight or passengers. Inquire
GEORGE W. KELLY, room 310. 927 Market.
A— BUYS, cells' or rents gear, machinery, en-
, ¦ gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND mining, irrigating and con-
veyiug . machinery bought, sold, rented and
exchanged.. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Ths
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 632 Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. "$1O; dress pants $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A — NEW hammerlcss L. C. Smith 12-bore shot-
gun. HARRIS' Loan Office, 105 Stockton.
Wallpaper 3c, worth 10c ; paperhan.tlng, paint-
ing. Merigan, 130"J Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
FOR sale — A lot of hotel silverware; enough
for 14 tables. 320 Mason st.
EGG cases for sale. 1224 Point Lobos ave!
FOR SALE — Coffee mill and National cash reg-
ister. - 25 Hoff ave., bet. 16th and 17th sts.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
__flgures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED— Five square pianos, good for
i schools. BYRON MAUZY. S08 Post st. . \
FAIRBANKS 10-ton hay scales: jeweler's steel
lined safe. 'perfect order. 216 'California st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and . launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission at.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
; J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. .
SAFES — New - and second-hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.; 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer' sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
i complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fitteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WANTS.
.TILTON; wants good second-hand clothing and
goods. 154 Uth St.; tel. Jessie 2&5L
.uo.tii: t *ru loa.\. '.
HERMAN MURPHY, C03 ExamintT'b^lWlnT
! $4,500, OCU at lowest rates
on nrst and second mortgages ......
Life Interests • in - estates ." ..".....
". . % Property being held in trust .:..:."..
' .... Undivided interests in real estate ....
. ..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
-T. Financial problems of all sores and sizes.;
; ..If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. tO3 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) r ~^~.
$30O,UUO at 6>4 & 6 per cent in suma'lo suit;
City, Oakland, Town • and . Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln-
¦terests.hi real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAX-
HATTAN LOAN C.O.. 7th floor.- Crocker bUg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, .¦ second and third ' mortgages. \ . . .-. .
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
• R. McCOLCAN ......
24 Montgomery st.; room 3 ........
ANY proposition, any amount- Q per cent; first
second and third mortgages, - estates in pro-
• bate, -Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
. interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1C
-1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN*.
ANY amount.- lowest. rate, "on furniture; piano
- or household goods/ without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY.-26 Montgomery st. -op-
posite Lick House. , _— •
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 10.1 Grant ave near
. Geary, st.; phorte Red 1603. *
HIGHLY, respectable ¦ private place to obtain -
. -liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin! Jewelry Store 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
A - RELIABLE corporation established in ', 1SC3-
proper place to -borrow money on diamonds
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
-;.' Office, S Grant av.y nr. ¦ Mkt. ; tel. Black 5471.\
LOWEST," rates on 'furniture,- etc.. , by private
;party; no; removal;) no commission: confiden-
tial. .Room 3. -Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
BUSIXESS CHANCES— .Co-atlnTied.
:o HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
n 6 Eddy St., rooms IS and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocerj
t. stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, I leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
GOOD chance^ — A Yukon pioneer, 8 years' ex-
perience in Alaska; have good mining prop-
erty on the Yukon, at Nome and at Golotnln
n Bay district: short of money to go back; will
give interest in my claims; also one-hall
interest in what I may locate up there the
next 12 months for the loan of $200. Partic-
i_ ulars of C. H.. Commercial Hotel. «
FOR sale or lease — The Bay View Livery Sta-
m bles, San Rafael, Marln Co., Cal. ; content!
- consist of 30 vehicles of every description
and 26 horses, all in first-class order; cleared
' over $500 per month for the last three years.
M. MURRAY, proprietor. San Rafael. ¦-¦,.- J ;
f I WOULD like to meet a young man -printer,
' a Christian, who is out ofa' Job, • with a
printing outfit preferably. Leave address " at
box 3478. Calf office. .- 'V-. .-¦-'¦..
FOR sale — Restaurant. $225; finest .little place
- in the city; $100 cash, balance on time. Ap-
r ply 320 Mason gt.
- FOR sale — Old established grocery and saloon.
132 Eighth st*, corner Natoma.
\ TAILOR shop for sale — Cleaning and repairing;
good location; selling account going Into
cloak business. 403 O'Farrell St., cor. Taylor.
. OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
r tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly- profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
- Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton street.
• A LIVE man with a little means can buy a
¦ half Interest in a well . established grocery
business across the bay; receipts are about
- $3000 per month. Address box 2554, Call.
£ RARE buslness.chance; for sale, cafe & restau-
rant; paying business; elegantly furn. apart-
ments, etc.; located In tenderloin district.
- Particulars, R. A., box 3494, Call.
v $225 — BRANCH bakery, laundry office, etc.; 2
? living rooms; rent $14; near large school;
good living. Address box 1550," Call office.
1 ACTIVE man with $2500 can secure half lnter-
" est, have full charge of fine exclusive busl-
1 ness; principals only; ref'ces. Box 35&3, Call.
s SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East et.. north of Market.
- MUSIC store: coast agency; 3 furnished rooms;
bargain. . 1523 Market sv.
c ¦ -^— — — — — — _^____^^^^__^__
1 FOR cale. cheap; established dental office; best
I location. Address P. O. box 151, Oakland.
{ $350— RESTAURANT for sale; good place for
r man and wife. Box 3520, Call office.
1 RESTAURANT — Place man and wife or cook
• and waiter; good business. Box 2S14. Call. !
- $600— FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
1 leja, Cal. ; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
, CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
. Valencia st. ¦ .%
t ¦
. LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
• THtTboNALD INVESTMENT" COMPANY
i bb» Market Et. Tel. Davis 28*1. "
1 15 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. (JOO
1 « rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
f 20 rooms, central, good payer...... l*J5u
I i-0 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 22O0
i 1M rooms, snap, eee it 850
38 rooms, central, clears $200 3^00
SO rooms, cheap rent, money maker lomi
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 fcOO
S* rooms, rent $32, good furniture 450
• 17 rooms, rent $U0, good payer 900
- 7 rooms, fiat, good sunny corner 35o
- SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
f good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
1 CO.. 850 Market sC -
; SO ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
I rent; a great bargain; easy terms; ca!l and
eee it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO 850
Market st. _^ " 9
'¦ A — ' Near the Call buildings.
t ¦ Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms 1-2'
! Money to loan on lodg-
; ing-houses or on >eal
j estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at mv
j office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
115 r. ; new building; clears $:U7 month.. $6000
j 34 r. ; part offices; fine carpets: oak
furniture; 2 floors; clears $109 mo.. 2200
22 r.; clears $102 per month above all
expenses; 0 blocks N. of Market;
elegant; first-class roomers.
12 r. : good furniture; rent $33; clears $40. 400
7 r. ; rent $1(5; nice; easy Installments. 300
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE^
. Call on Us
-Any house sold on payments ...;."...
: Calland Get Our Large List
We have houses In all parts of city...
A. H. RETSLOFF, Phone John 531,
906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
WE have 75 lodging-houses for sale from $300
to $6000: some very bargains; if you have
lodging-houses for sale list them with us; we
sell quick, and good prices. McBRIDE &
CO.. 765 Market st.
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or If you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on M. E
RIVES. 916 Market St., rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
BEFORE buying or selling your lodging-house
call on H. C. DECKER, the old reliable
agent, at 1020 Market st.; phone Mine 790.
A — NOTICE — We have, rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. $225: must be
sold; cause, death; 17 rooms. 28',4 Cloy gt.
LODGING-HOUSE of 19 rooms. 12 and 14.
Eteuart st. -
NINE-ROOM lodging-house for sale cheap. Ap. "
ply after. 2 p. m.. at 251 1£ Stevenson st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada .one year for $1
postage paid. I
SPIRITUALISM.
A"— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializl
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 108 1 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; EIH3 car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin 37'il— Seances Sun.
Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A — PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st.; readings dally
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c.-
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmist, will
guide you fright. 158-3 Market st., near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KJfOW" THY i FUTURE ' ~~~
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
' CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. :-; ,""»"'.-,
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domeacie troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you -will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
•secret how to control or influence any one
: you love cr meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to a'.l others. Hours. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays.. Recentlon rooms, 13.
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite ZInkand's.'
mme. m. Bernard! >.: ™
. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She. reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to 'occur- in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,'
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice in allaffairs oMife: 25c
I up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel: ; Black 45C0.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranc-
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect .satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR. tha Egyptian Gypsy. -clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight-
1 -diagnoses diseases with life readlnes;ladies-;0c
j gents $1; palm, and clair. sit, $1 50. 120 Turk.
! A— MISS M. wiLLET32C;i EUiF^ciairvoj-ant
i crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
i ques.;, full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p. m;
50c.. $1— Prof> Weller, clalr.. palmist, card read-
I er^ mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007 14 Mkt. ¦
MME. Odell. clairvoyant, j tells past, present &
j . future; L. 25c: G. 5Oc. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. 1 BROWN, clairvoyant, "card : reader; I al
1 dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily/ 132 Sixth.
. CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
: _only 10c; from 1 to 8. 282 Minna st.. nr. , 4th.
I MRS. LA VON", wonderful fortune teller- truth"
/ or no pay; 25c and 50c'. -234% Sixth st. „.
MRS. MALLORY.' 917. Howard, clairvoyant aid
I spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50?.*
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th ; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann. . well-known fortune teller'
. has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell!
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently;: business
I advice; names given; 25c up." 5 Fourth "st.
BAX FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE 'of The San Frandsci
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; opei
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay.: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until '.»:30 p. m.
H941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opei
until 9 p. m. •"
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m. •.
IO90 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreetfi; open until 9 p. m. -T^. ¦'-•
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136 F. and A. ft
M.. 121 Eddy St., will meet TO-DAY _J\-
at 1 :'M p m to attend the funeral jLJK
of our late brother, E. F.» LEMMER. f^W '
Marti r Masons are invited.
: -"-. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 13» F. and A. m
M. — D. 3rd. THIS EVENING. Jan- _^V_
uary at 7 o'clock snarp. By order >t3C
of the \V. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec, fyf^
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, m
P. and A. M., meets THIS (SATUR-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock for TZJx
Third degree. ' Master Masons cor- / '
dially invited. By order of the' Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
2XCELS1OR Degree Lodge No. <<**a^i.
2, !. O. O. F.— P.fgulnr meeting CSyJaESi
Tins < SATURDAY) EVENING. =%5<p>l!£?
First decree. . r^!
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. CL F. <<**SE£fr.
The members of Unity Lodge SK?\£
No 131 are rpppectfully invited
to attend Brother E. F. LEM- ">WB^
MER'S funeral, to be held under the aus-
pices of Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M..
TO-DAT 'SATURDAY), from B'nai B'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy St. A. S. CRONK. N. G.
R. A. WELCH. R. S. .
PAST Grands' Association. 1. O. <«S£38{2fe
O. F. — Members and intending -SgysiggS
members are informed that the
annual banquet will take place WW
on FRIDAY. January 31, at California Hotel
«t 8 p. m. Members may pay dues and re-
i ceive their tickets from secretary at hall
evenings and on Sunday at room 0, after ad-
journment of relief committee, also at his
residence, 120CA Turk Bt.
W. T. WEBB, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
prccers from J. C. Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon: from John Pascoe and W. H. Se-
combe. in the Chill Ravine gravel mine, near
Placerville, El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chili Ravine; from Warren T.
Russell, In the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
Wentz Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
en a flat below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 50. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. on February 3.
I8C2. at 1 :30 v. m.
ANNUAL Meetinc — Swiss Mutual Benevolent
Society of San Francisco. California.
The. regular annual meeting of ' the
members of the Swiss Mutual Benev-
olent Society will be held at the
office cf the society. No. 414 Pine st.. room
•3. Ssn Francisco. California, on SATURDAY.
the 25th day of January. 1902. at » o'clock
T- ra.. for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing y«ar. and
. the transaction of such other business as
may coir.e before the meeting.
A. JUILLERAT. Secretary.
San Francisco. January 20th. 1002.
THE regular annual meeting or the stockhold-
ers of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company In the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Port. Montgomery and Mar-
ket fts.. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY.
The rid day of February. 1902. at the hour of
2 o'elock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the following
> ear. the amendment of the " by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
' I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary-
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
» ing of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. r=.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting
A. GIBSON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the lot orvners in the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 4. 1!V!2. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of four trustees and
ruch business as may legally come before
them. THEO FROLICH. Secretary-
AGENTS WANTED. T~
"WANTED — Agents to pell to families 45 sep-
arate cures for 45 diseases. Address DR.
DE FORD'S REMEDY CO., 136 S. Broad-
way. Los Angeles. Cal.
AGENTS wanted in* every town to buy, rent or
operate slot machines; b«st inducements.
FTAR MACHINE CO.. 2125 Mission St.
ANCHITEC1S
ARCHITECTS wanted to submit plans and
EpeciScations for high school building. Par-
ticulars ad. C. T. McGlashan. Truckee. Cal.
ASTROLOGY. "
HOHOSCOPES-^^Pfolp^Ts~pr^rcTrd7dltflcuitie3
avoided, advice in social & business affairs-
readings by mall. RAYMOND., 227 Taylor st.
ATTOHXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty. Examiner building, room
CIS; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collection^,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick:qulet;
no charge without success; established 1C yrs.
Open evenings TJy appcintmsnt;phonejohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market ep.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale; partner-
ships; deeds: wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.81'J Market.
•ADVICK free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k*>t St.: fonFultatlr.n free: no fees in advance.
IIICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLKX does the bert repair work in the State;
moderate prices. 301 Larkln st.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmeg. 1140 Market: tel. Howard 1046.
A— $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about -2 Vis barrels per day. Call K. G. i
W1LKJS. 20^ Kearny tt. . j
A— $a«0; CHOI' and oytter house; close to four 1
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
¦ per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V6 Kearny.
A— -$1UOO; CANDY etore on Mission St.; rent
Hfc; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
ing business; value in sight. Call R. G.
AVILKE. 2014 Kearny st. •
A— 5750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland. Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and first-claES paying business: knowledge of i
business not r.ec*ssar>-. Sleet owner in office
of R. G. WILKE, 2UV4 Kearny st.
A— $1000; HAY. grain, wood and ioal yard on
Mission St.; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other !
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good !
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearuy.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept :
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels;
10 buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given
Call R. G. WILKE.;26«4 Kearny at. '
$500— POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent: location can't
be beat. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny gt.
A — CIGAR stand ; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 26JJ Kearny st.
A — $G00; COFEE saloon arid restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building: bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 20 >£ Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOulii and saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $J5; 3 years'
lease; established year*; located on Mont-
gomery et. ; good business. Call ' R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $330; CANDY etand on Sixth St.. close to
Market; rent $50; good business; owner other-
T.-ise engaged. R G. WILKE. 2«% ¦ Kearny.
Al MINING Ftock: grand bargain; $5000. H. c!
DECKER. 1020 Market, lor particulars. '
COAL and wood; 5 years' lease: offer wanted;
call quick. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Et.
$400— A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth 51000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 1 Market.
J. H. ST AJCTON, real estate and business broker;
" removed • from 34 Kearny to 777 % Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
BUSINESS men*. — If you want 'quick sale lint
your business for cale by McBRIDE & CO
7C5 Market et
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 4e2 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER, 921 Market st.
8ALOON for rale. Apply AHRENS. PEIN &
BULLWIN-KEL, C20 and 620** Post eu v 1
''-_':¦ ¦•"¦ HELP 1 WANTED— 13IALE. a ' '/_ j
A— MURRAY & READY. ; ;. . Phone Main 5S48
- Leading Employment and Labor Agents, •
v" '¦•'." 034-636 Clay st. -. .
:» ........ .Office Open 7 a. m. To-day. ........
............... CHEAP FARES ".......
_ ' .........;. ... WOOD CHOPPERS
¦.wood choppers.. ¦'. See boss, here. ..Tie 'makers
, 75 men ; to open -up a new'.wood' chopping
camp; level ground; virgin timber; a'three-
. -years' Job; men can make big' wages on this
job; we- have cheap R. R. rate; boss to be
•" seen ¦ at our of flc% at . 10 a. in. to-day ; . price
for wood. 75c to ?2 per cord; price for ties,
. 10c to . 15c each. . . .
' : . . .-'.~. ;...'.... We Ship To-day :.......
¦ •; 5 more men | to learn | to make - ties; tools
. furnished; good layout; big wages.
. . ........ MISCELLANEOUS
• Marker and distributor, country laundry, $15
. week; • young - man . to drive delivery wagen.
" city; foreman for ranch; 5 men to ¦work in
vineyard, $20; »J0" farmers; 3 choremen;.3
farmers and wives, $45 and $50; milker and
butter maker; blacksmith........'.. •••••
-Baker, country shop. $50; 4 cooks; 5 waiters;
second, cook, city, hotel, $35; second cook,
German, country hotel, -;$30 and- found;
butcher; kitchen help ....;..... — ...
-MURRAY & READY ....... 634-636 Clay st.
\ MILKER , and buttermaker, $30 : and found; 1
farmer, $l'day: first-class gardener, $35 and
found; Burletgh 'driller lor- quarry, $^J day:
-pond man for mill, •¦$eo," setter for mill, $60
to $75: 'farmer and wife. $40: foreman for
. sash' and blind factory; tiemakers. 10c to
. : 14c; others. J. F.. CROSETT & CO... B2S
, Sacramento st. ; .- •- ' -
BUTLER.' $40: cook, country hotel. ¦ $45;
waiter, country hotel, $25; restaurant porter.
$25; and others. J. - F. CROSETT & CO..
Cl'8 Sacramento st. . .;
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610- Clay St.—
4 bark peelers (redwood), $35. and found;
farmer and wife, Santa Clara Co., $40 and
.¦ found; pruner, for orchard, .. $^6 . and found;
J railk ; wagon driver, $40 and found:. 2
milk wagon drivers, $30 and found; four-
<¦ horse teamster, $35 and found; woodworker,
carriage and wagons," $3 25 a day; gardener,
country, $25. and found; redwood . tiemakers,
piece work; resDectable young man to clean
up saloon, and learn bartending. . • ' .
A PANTRYMAN \for flrst-class country hotel,
$30. fare . here. A MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
335 Geary, st. : ¦-.. ,- - - ' .
A BOY- about 15 years old for work In candy
store, $5 week and increase. MRS. M. E.
- r DAY & CO.. 335 Geary. st. '.¦'*
WANTED — Ist-class machinery salesman 7 for
engines, bol lers & hoisting machinery ; expe-
rience- in shop and erecting necessary. Ad-
-. .dress or applyto Rix Compressed Air & Drill
Company, 300 Mission st. ; San Francisco.
WANTED— A temperate-young man with $150,
, as : partner In old established business re-
quiring two; pays about $70 per month. -^'705
Market St., room 3. •••".•."• - - "
WANTED— Reliable young man with some of-
fice experience to act as billing clerk and
-office assistant, wholesale house. - Box 3480,
Call of flee;, state age, experience, references.
A REPRESENTATIVE man to call on cigar
trade with ' tobacco journal; 9 a. m. 310
' Clay. st. • - • . ' ¦¦ ¦¦-• .' '.
WANTED — Boy as draughtsman's assistant;
J une -with a little experience Dreferred. Box
2551, Call.
"WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper. I
Apply at HALE BROS.' ; .
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Barber for Saturday evening ¦ and
Sunday. 237 '^ Fifth st. . . ". ¦ . .'.
BARBER from 5 o'clock Saturday to Sunday,
12. .414 Montgomery ave.' ¦ '
YOUNG .German boy for. grocery and bar.
Seventeenth and' Eureka fits. ¦ ¦
WANTED— -A boy, with a horse for newspaper
-route. W. A. 12 Montgomery, ave., 4-5 p. m.
BUTCHER. 1 Golden West Hotel. 0S-7G Ellis
' street.
EXPERIENCED lunchman. Call 1047 Market
st., ready for work.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 0 feet 1
Inch; able, to speak and read English. For
" further, Information apply, at the Recruiting
Office. 40 E1118 St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted in U.S.Vpls.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. "S. Court of Claims.
CHAS. and-WM. B. KING, „
¦-•--• 344 Phelan building-
WANTED— A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
j Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
- rltory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office. .... . -,
WANTED — For office work.', a.' bright and" in-
telligent- young man of about 20;. must be
. quick and accurate at figures... Address, with
references, D. . W.,- box 3491, Call. -• .^
WANTED — Gentleman, acquainted with better
class, to handle special proposition In Oak-
; land, «. San Jose and San Francisco. • Aptly
(jlft Market st.. room 45.
MEN to 'learn barber trade; barbers in. de-
mand; only requires. S weeks:-tools donated;
catalogue free. . MOLER'S BARBER- COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. v '_-V<«
iWANTED— Honest man with $200 cash; du-
tles. tend cash counter in restaurant; no ex-
perience; $50 month and board. BROWN.
1221 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and '¦ mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor -still
runs. Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. '•'
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade ;¦ eight
wjeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Ba'ber College. Los" Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — A man who Is capable of taking
full charre of a first-class shoe store. Box
o492. Call office. . .-
FIRST-CLASS retail Jewelry salesman for city
Address, stating previous experience, box
: 34S4, Call office. .
BIG snap— Fine opening for man'and wife with
$100; restaurant; .receipts $10 day; livinv
rooms. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
FOR sale — 3-chalr shop; best in. Western Ad-
dition; also one furnished" room; good rea-
: eons for gelling. Call 1344 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand. . Milvla and Addl-
son sta.. E. Berkeley. DALZELL & MILLER.
WANTED— A good young butcher, with referl
ences. Call 2004 Polk st., near Paciflc. :
WANTED; — An experienced engineer for city
- , hotel ; salary and board. Box 2520, Call. .
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet. .8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Cash-t boy," between thirteen and
: fifteen years of age. Apply at HALE BROS'.
MCDONALD. & PERRY have r»CO second-hand
.shoes for sale. SOg up. 241, Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. , S. F. Barber College.- 741A Howard.
500 MEN tin buy new and 2d-hand army shoec
50c up;- soling 20c up. 02.} Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty.. E. A; - Bullls.\ 3. 4t), Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post."G.A:R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
tlie world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled' while waiting; 25c
to 50c. - 5t>3 Mission : gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts;
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Marl
•ket — 200 rooms, 2T»c night; reading rooms;
- free : bus and baggage 'to and, from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
AJ BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
/subscriptions has ;.. been .. established at 1036
Valencia st. ¦ \ • .
HORSES AND WA«OXS.
AUCTION .sale. Monday. Jan. 20; 40 ' ; head
heavy:wagon and livery . horses at -11:30
a. m.; Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 723
Howard at. :..
A.LOT.'of horses for eale at sArcade ;iorso
¦ Market. 827 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons
' harness. • etc; "auction sales every Wednesday
V at U a..m. . JOHN J.. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR: gale— At Eclipse < Stable. 1375 Eddy st.. 6
-' cheap work hortes. 4 sound horses,- weight
;-.-' 12C0; fine, surrey horses.;:.-. .¦¦...; .-¦_¦¦ >;
CHEAP • work hone. . 1400 ; lbs : cheap ¦ drlvin*
mare. / 238 Fulton- St.. near-Van "Ness ave. ~. \
FOR (Rale— Horse, 7"; top 'buggy, harness. ' good
•¦ condition ; also \ good bicycle. ' 442 Paciflc st.
DRUMMERS', i-ampleglovea. for " »ale at
HE1NEMAN'S.V1O9 Sansome st. ' >
A "'BARGAIN in sood " carrtace. f.itMle. business
•• and f. rood' horses. •. DALZIEL; €05 • G." O. ave..
-AN- A; No.%.1- express :.wnKon. single:" also light
.. PETTi" t ft g WHg-nn fnr ¦*•»!«». >l^par».- HI? Mission.
: : -;- t ';-¦ : "IIOUSES..TO; LET. J j >--
A — PRINTED Iist"house^7oTeTr^era^ror~clr^
. > cular.'G. H.iUMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY cottage. ;C rooms, and stable.
y. .AVillow ave., ;near Ellis and Buchanan sts. .
BROADWAY. 10.50. near Laguna — Eight rooms;
~" hath: fine marine view- rent $42 50. : ¦ •<- ..*
"j ¦:., H O US ES -FOR SALE. :
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
Ulaj-ge- basement, yard.;; Portola, oft -Waller,
¦ • bet;- Pierce" and iStelner. " Inoulre *tt Portola. ¦
HTGIEXIC^IUmhTREATMKXT.
LADIES t and pentlemen,"thls Interests" you—.'
i; Free consultation on hair and walp treatment
-by applying to MR.'and MRS.'HARTLAND,
.room 39;'J30 Post St.; Liebes ; building. -
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING;'
WHEN you become disgusted -with poor work
„ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-.
' Ing Works. . 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
. AMERICAN " Carpet-beating "Works — Cleaning,
' 3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
- ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co..' 402 Sutter st.;
• tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
f RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
e . reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.' ; tel. Mission 263.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanlngr -'Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East. 126. ¦
! J. E>. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
\ ' vatlng Co., 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
\ COLLECTION OFFICES. /
. COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
, floor, D16 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
1 194; able 'body of attorneys.' "
1 GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
. unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. .
' ™~™ DENTISTS. ______„_
- A— DR."TTs?in^INs7927~iiarkeTst., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 -up;
. . plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
' and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. ' \ ' ¦'
'. •¦ I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
' EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
I and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret; painless method; 20 years',
experience; no students; advice, free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady' attendants.
1 DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
1 ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
' 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done paln-
' lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
I up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9. p.m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
• A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3**>0;nllings. 50c;
> plates ?5. full set: all work painless and war-'
: ranted. Chicago Dental- Parlors, 24 Sixth St.-
DR? y E. P. SHEPARD. 14 XJeary st. : expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours "10 to 4.
• PARIS* Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
; Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
' SET of teeth without • plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk Et. - . • ¦ . j
! DR. R.L.WALSH. S15?i Geary.nr.Larkin'— Pain- j
less ext., 50c; plates ?5 up; phone Polk 1135. ]
' DOG SPECIALIST. j
• DR. EDWARiPn. LEAVY. canine specialist.
late of New York City, has ''Just located at
I 5)06 Jones St.. where he will administer to.tho
¦' ailments of domesticated .animals;, office
hours 10 to 3; .telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HO SPIT ALS. -
DR CREELY'S ~c7 P. dog; soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 530 Golden. Gate ave. j
DRESSMAKEKS AXD SEAMSTRKSSES
McDO\VELL Dressmaking' & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market stv |
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NEERINMJ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
catalogue free. . ¦ ¦ . - -¦•-.'¦ ". ¦ _
A YRES' Leading Business College, 72S Market
— $S per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions. secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
- Stanford professor. Phelan building. ;? .
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical asency securing
• positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account' g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg. |
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par- 1
rott bldg; indivklual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1S64. .Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall, j
CALIFORNIA Business College; mos^t thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
ne.w 00-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln. st.
A FULL course. of Ellis bookkepelng and: the!
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 12.'JG Market St. 1
A — THE Leo Cooper • School of Acting ha3 re- I
moved to Native Sons' Hall,. 414 Ma&on st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing. ;
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. j
SPANISH.French, etc. Prof. De.Fllippe'sAcadenriy
of Languages,320Post;s!rf.ab'dl871;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery ft. |
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, gool i
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
"Chicago Business Collage. 1435 Market.nr. 10th;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. «4 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F. ; •
founded lfiH."!; new SO-page catalogue free. 1
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks &
waiters furnished at short-notice." GEO. Kl-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel;Fell 8501. i
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.'
Tel. Main 1M7. BRADLEY & *O.. 040 Clay. !
JAPANESE and Chinese Best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI;.tel. Bush 135. v
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51 SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM- Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 42i> Powell. nr.8utter;tel. Black 5072.,
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED— FEMALE, j
WANTED — A position by an experienced nurse
to attend children or Invalid, ? or as compan-
I Ion to elderly lady; will assist in housework;
can sew and m/end. Address MRS. M; T. EL-
¦ LETT, 253 Natoma st;, near. Fourth. -
TRUSTWORTHY housekeeper wants position,
middle-aged, in small family;' care of chil- j
dren; no washing; French spoken. Write
814A Larkln st. ¦ "..' .¦¦¦¦', ¦ ' ¦ V |
WOMAN, good worker, wants work by day;
• . washing, ironing or cleaning; $1 25. Call or
address -Working. Woman, 143 Eric St., near
Thirteenth and Folsom. - j
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position, in a I
, small family as housekeeper; German- pre-
¦ f erred : object, good home and ' small wages. J
' Address box 2395, Call office, Oakland. * ';
WASHING or house cleaning by the day by re-
liable and experienced woman; satisfaction
¦ guaranteed. Address Laundress, 1747 Mission.
AN experienced North-German nursery govern-
ess seeks situation in a . private family ; best
of references. A. B., box 3550, Call office..
A REFINED, lady wishes a position as house-
keeper for a widower's family. Box 3562,
. Call office. - ¦ ' . ." ¦ , " • . ¦ • ¦ ¦
RELIABLE,^ middle-aged /woman, good cook,
wants position to do general ? housework in
small family; no postals. Address 711 Folsom.
STRONG young woman wants general house-
work; wages $20; no postals answered. Please
call 613 Minna st. ... : .".•>• ¦,--.
A YOUNG lady wishes "position a8 companion
to elderly lady. Address box 3479, Call office.
WANTED — Position as secretary I or [ compan-
, icn to lady by widow of physician; town cr
country; highest references. : Box: 3490; Ca'.l.
CAPABLE woman wants a place as "¦ hous*- .
• keeper where she "will -have full charge: city
¦ or country. Addrec3,box 2394. Call, "Oakland. :
LADY would like to copy letters at home. Ad-
dress box 3488, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position
preferably In Mission. Box 3401. Call office!
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $100
> to $6 week; convenient and respectable; -free
bu3 and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
""received at Call branch : office. 2200 Flllmore.
a" BRANCH office for Call advertisements' and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at JOU-J
Valencia «t. ". . ¦, ¦ • / ,..¦:--.-..¦-..¦;-*¦. .
v EMPLOYMENT, WAMEU—MALE.;
SOBER. '' Industrious ' young ' man , wants
tlon as dishwasher; state wages and - hours
. of work; steady place preferred. 'Box: 2553 j
' Call office. . . . - *¦ V . -"v .".',"-':.--. ¦
YOUNG; man wants place\ to work f for ' board '
while attending school.. KUPPER,, 845 Mis- '
sion st. WgnW^m^S^S^^Ss^aBsasfgs&uHOTEL ARRIVALS.
, -NEW "WESTERN .HOTEL! :
J A Franzlarir Cal "•'.'" F Bush,' Nebraska'
J H Celles, Cal ~ . J.C Curry, Minnesota
R L Harnish, .Cal E Kane, Oakland
OB Armstrong, Nev J Hanley, Needles
W H, Burweil , &. w, L P Fensholdt. N T ; :
• Lovelocks; Nev" ' A Campbell, N Y
Mrs M Sartorls, Cal'- J L Horne, Willlts J
T G Stevenson, Hoplnd Mrs Graham, S Jose
P.Tramm, Hopland T H Loney, w & broth.
G W Nelson. S Mateo Suisun :
H W Baldwin. Uklah G W, Carner, N T .
J L Home. Ukiah ; - ¦ ¦ -
Builders' » Contracts.
Gildmacher Bros, (owners) with-J. W. : Bald
win . (contractor), architects William Mooser &
Son— iAll work for alterations to a store front
in building- on . lot at 114 Grant avenue; $1100.
Same to Nicholas Fuchs, lot on S line of Fif
teenth street. 190:6 V/. of Dolores, W 1:6, SE
38, NW 38: $10.
Nicholas and Carolina Fuchs to John L. Bur
gess, lot on S line of Fifteenth street, 165 W
of Dolores, W 27, SE 71:0%, E 22. N 71: $10. ,.
. John L. and' Kate Burgess to Henry Breard,
lot on S line of Fifteenth street, 165 W of Do
lores, W 25:6, SE 38. SE 33, E 22. N 71; $10.
NE corner of California avenue and • FreJspect
place, N, 50, E 80, N 25 .E80.S 75. W 160,
lots 33 to 37.- Cheesman's Map 1, Precita Val
ley lands;-$10.-* . v.« . r . -- . . • - -
Alfred Anderson to Alfred and , Tilda Ander
son.- lot on S' line of Costa* street, 75 E of
Brewster, E 25 by S 70,. lot 17.' Gift Map 3; 510.
' A. J.' and Ella Spring to. Patrick and Mary
Griffin, r lot on E line of Bright street.: 200 S
of . Randolph * S 50 by E 100.- -. lots 19 ¦ and -20,
block 53. City Land -Association: $10. ¦
Minnie , L. and . Llllle Asher to Gustave
Schnee, lot 47 ; block 46, Sunnyslde; $10:
William and Jannette Wolf to Magdalena
Van Wlnkle.Uot on N line of Ellis street. 82:1%
E of Octavia, E 27:6 by N'110: $10.
Donald M. Gedge to Daisy L..Gedge, lot on
E line- of Stetner street, 100 N of Green, N 25
by E 127:6: gift. - ' „ - '
Timothy, and Mary A. Dolan to Robert • Wie
•nelre,- lot on S line of Oak street, 156:3 W-of
Clayton. W 50 by S 137:6; $10. ¦¦ ' -
Gregor G. Fraser to Wilhelmlna 13/ C: Hendy,
lot on N.llne of Clay street, 192:8 W of Locust,
W 15 by N 127:8%: $10. •
Hannah; I. and Mondula Leak to Louis D.
Radgesky. lot on.S line of Washington street,
68:9 W of Spruce, W 68:9 by S 127:«Vi: $10
-Jacob and Julia Wise to Charles Wilson, lot
on N- line of Elliott > Park, 418 W of. Steiner
street. v W 22-by/N 70 {Hamilton square): $10.
Edward W. and • Henrietta Emerson to Wil
liam D. Chick, lot on E line of Guerrero street.
77:6 S of Twentieth, S 25 by E 100; $10.-
George T3; and Carrie B. de Golla to Helen
C. Dixohr (single), lotion N line of Fifteenth
street. 60 W of Dolores, W 50 by N 89; $10.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow ' of certain California rivers i In cubic" feet
per second, or second: feet,' "one second, foot
equaling 60 California miner's inches, or about
40. Colorado miner's inches/ The figures are
from J. B. : Lippincott,'- hydrographer of -the
United States Geological Survey: V; , ;
FLOW OF BIVEE-S.
TULE RIVER AT McFARLANDS ¦ BRIDGE.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
. Thor O.;He^denfeldt or Howard and Joseph
ine H.' Heydenfeldt to Elfin. O. : Heydenfeldt lot
on E corner of Howard and Eighth' streets *NE
137:6 by; SE 137:6; $10. ;¦ -• .: - .-'-r , •* .< : ¦' .- • -,
.- James .; A. . Louttlt to Sidney Newell,- lot on
EEAL ' ESTATE ¦^TRANSACTIONS*
, ; -.¦•'¦•< ¦;" -¦- : :. Morning Session. ¦
1000 Andes . . . .... : ¦ 01 100 Ophir ...... . 82
900 Best & Belch 15 300 Ophir .....-..-, 83
750 Con Cal & V.I 30 300 Overman ....; 11
100 Hale. & Nor.. 31 500 Savage 07
¦ 100 Mexican .'.....'36 600 Union Con t;. 13
¦ -,-¦•¦..¦.:: Afternoon Session. ¦ ¦'¦_ --
BOO •' Best '&'¦ Belch 14 300 Sierra Nev...-'l8
400 Con Cal &. V.I 25 300 Silver Hill ;...-• 47
600 Gould & Cury. 06 100 Silver HU1 . . . ! 48
100 Mexican 1 ..... 34 .100 Silver Hill ... : 49
-300 Ophir ........ 82 1000 Silver Hill ... 50
i 300 Potosi .:..... 13 750 Yellow. Jacket 07
The ¦ following > were . the : sales . on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: :, ; >'
- : . * . '.'. ; • ; . ,. Morning Session. J f
1200 Alta ::7.i.\...' ] 00 -300 Occidental ... 08
-700 Best & Belch 14 600 Ophir... S5
200 Con Cal & V.I 30 500 Potosi ...,...' U
300 Mexican ...*:. 35 5OO Sierra .Nev. .. 19
' 200 iMexlcan ¦;..... \ S3 f 300 Union :...... ..12%
• . *"¦.'>;; Afternoon 1 Session. :."¦'.
200 Best & Belch 'j 14 300 Potosi ..... ;. 13
200 Chollar ..:...' 11 200 Sierra Nev...;- 18
100 Con C & V.I 27% .600. Silver Hill ... 45
2O0 Con Cal & V.I 30 .300 Silver Hill ... 46
300 Gould A Cury. 06 ,200 Silver Hill .:.-,-" 44
200 Hale & Nor.. 30 300, Union Con .... 12
i 200 Mexican ¦ . " : . . • . 34 300 Yellow 1 Jacket 07
•400 ophir;:....:.. .,sa ¦..,..., ;, ¦;;•¦•- ,-. ¦_ .
\ •CLOSING "QUOTATIONS. ' .
'•;•.;¦: - rRIDAT,^an. 24^-4 p. m. ,
.: .'¦ '.•; "_-• •:- Bid. Ask. I . -V Bld.Aak.
Alpha ....... — ',01 jJustice ....'...' t 03
Alta :..:.....' 04 05 Kentuck ...... 01 02
Andes ....... — ; 01 Lady.Wash... 01 : : —
Belcher ...... 08 . 10 Mexican ...... : 33 35
Best & Belch.; -13 ",.-<14 Occidental >'.'..', 08 ~ O9
Bullion ..•.::. .02"-, 03 Ophir .-...-... \ 81 : 83
Caledonia .... 22 24 Overman;.... 10-11
Challenge, Con -'11 13 Potosi .......<, 13 "14
Chollar ...... -.11- " 12 Savage ...... 05 07
Confidence ...".* 61 64 Scorpion ..... — ¦ 04
Con Cal'& : V.l 25 1 30 Seg- Belcher.. 02. 03
Cton^ Imperial.-;' 01' .02 Sierra Nevada . 18 i- -19
Con New Yrk — 01 Silver Hill .:. 48 "• 80
Crown Point .07 .-, ! 0£ St Loula v." . . . ' 05 —
Eureka Con .-. - 20 . .— Standard ... :3 35 3 00
Exchequer". V — 02 Syndicate . . .. ' 06 ' - 07
Gould & Curry 05;'. 06 Union Con .'..'" 12 "14
Hale & Nor. . ". 20 3D Utah ......;. 02 03
¦Julia ......:. — '04 Yellow- Jacket 07 - - OS
The following were • the sales on the San
¦Francisco . Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:.-.-; . . "-\ - :-.-.¦'- ¦"-'¦ - *¦• . . -
MINING STOCKS,
\l SO. Monte. Cristo .:...............-... 1 45
'250 Occidental, of "WVa.. V...' :.-.•-: 20
4000 Petroleum Center :.:..'.. ..;.-...; ; j 06
1000 Petroleum Center, b 90 ........... 06
100 Petroleum Center, b 90, 07
40 Sovereign ,- - 20
'. • : - . \; Afternoon Session. : .
Board— ¦ - ¦ . . .
1500 Pstroleum Center, b 90. 07
2000 Petroleum Center ................. 0C
500 Petroleum Center, b 90. .......... 06
250 Reed Crude 38
. 60 Thirty-Three 7 60
100 Wolverine V. 60
Board — •. . » ¦ .
2650 Lion .......".."
100 Monarch of Arizona ....'...
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
• UNITED STATES BONDS."
." . • -Bid.Ask.| ; .; Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 113 ! 4s qr c (new)139% —
4s qr.reg....lll%112i4 3s qr coup. .108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ' '
Ala AW Co — ¦ — Oceanic 5a... — 103%
Bay.CPC5s.109 — Ombus C 6e.l30% —
Cal-st 5s.... 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 06 100%
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — . Pwl-st R 6s. 110% —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
H C&S 5%s. — 1 — : SF & SJV5s. — 123
Do-. 5s ; . — ¦•; 99% Sierra Cal 6s — ¦ —
L Ang R 5s.l20 , — S P of Ar 6s »
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) .V. . . 111% —
Do gtd 6s. — — ¦ (1910) ..'... 112%113
Do gtd 5s. 103 <& SPtf Cal6s •
L A & P 58.100 (1905)Sr A.108%' —
Do lcm 5s. 101 103 ,(1905)Sr B.109Vi —
Mkt-st C 68.125 •.— (1906) 111 '— '
Do lcm Bs.l21%12iJ (1912) ... .121 —
N R C 6s. ..110% — , S, P. Cal 1st
Do 5s 122 — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Pac C 6s. — 107% S P BrCal6s.l37 — ,.
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V Wat Cs.113 —
Oak Gas 5s. 114! Do 4s ....103 —
Oak Trn 6s. 122 — Do4s 3d m. — 101%
Do 1st c5s.109# — Stktn Gas 6slO2% —
Oak W g 5s. — 103. .
'. . i. WATER STOCKS. . ' ¦ - J '¦
Contra Costa 74»4 75%JPort Costa..' 63% 66
Marin Co 59 — - Isprlng Val. . 85 85%
• ' GAS AND ELECTRIC. . .
Cent L & P. 2% 4 ' Pac Light... \W 52%
Eqt G L Co. .3% — .. Sac E G&RC 20 .35^
Mutual ..... — '5 S F G & E.. 40% 41
O G L & H. 51% 62 San Fran 5% 5%
Pac Gas Imp 35 - 40 Stktn G & E. 8 —
- , • INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275. I ' ..'¦'¦
. • / , " BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ... 80 81' |L P & A.... 165 169
California ..417 420 |Mex Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.112% — IS F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl..32O 350 I . ,¦¦"¦ >'
SAVINGS BANKS. ."/
-German '. .'.1925 >., — Sav & Xioan. — «90 J
Humboldt .. — — " Security Sav.305 350
Mutual \ Sav. 66 ¦ ' Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav-U.512% — 1 • '
.,'- X ; .'¦ ¦-• STREET RAILROADS. , -;
California ..160 175 Market ;.... 90 -93
Geary > — , 60 . Presidio .... 37% —
. .• ':;-'¦ ,- POWDER. ¦'*
Giant ..1... 75 77%|Vlgorit ..... 3% 4%
-.•",.- , ' SUGAR. -• . ' |
Hana. .....: 2%v4 iKilauea ;... 9% 9%
Hawaiian .. 34 — jMakawell ..24 2G
Honokaa ..'.10% — Onomea .... 22% 24
Hutchlnson . 13% — IPaauhau 10% — .
„¦•'¦' MISCELLANEOUS. • ..-''¦'
Alaska Pack.169%161' Pac A F A. . 3 — '
Cal Fruit As 97 98% Pac C. Bor. .165 — .
Cal Wine As 95% 95% Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S Co 40 41
Morning Session.
'¦•-¦ Board — \
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 109 00
10 Cal Wine Assn 95 50
25 Makawell .-. 25 75 ¦
25 Makawell . ..:... 25 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 40 00
165 Onomea Sugar Co /23 00
- 42 Spring Valley Water ' '..... 85 00
':.'•¦• Street— •¦ • ¦ .' '
10 Cal Wine Assn 95 50
¦ 62 Callfornla-st R R 162 50
~*" --.-—-—.- :AItern66h SeSslOH.--.- • .
Board — '
25 Alaska Packers" Assn 160 00
10 Giant Powder Con 79 00
10 Giant Powder Con ..»..; 78 50
25 Giant Powder Con .............. 78 00
10 Giant' Powder Con 77-60:
60 KllaueaS P Co'......:.. 9 75
25 Oceanic S S Co ................. 40 50
$14,000 Oakland Transit- Co 6s... 122 00
315 Spring Valley Water.. :.......... -85 00 !
ft . , Street— • V ' % ¦''¦¦. --.¦."- ..
$2000 Los Angeles-Pacific R H bonds. .100 25
$6000 S F & S J V bonds. 123 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 24— 2:30 p. m.
The Lady "Washington Consolidated Mining
Company has levied an assessment of. 3c : per
share, delinquent February -26. . . : .
i . The only other change was an easier feel
ing in Oceanic at $40@40 50. The oil stocks
continued quiet. .- r . ¦ • ¦ . .- , -,¦-
monthly - dividends of 75c each during the
year. Heavy opposition' was met In Victoria,
British Columbia,, "but ' the-* competing .com
pany is now out of business. The prices of
the principal materials used in the manufac
ture of powder have been high, but are now
lower and business is very good. The finan
cial report showed: Assets. $1,370,660; liabili
ties. 1108,000; balance due stockholders,
$1,262,660. ':¦.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, - SATURDAY, JAIN UAKY 25, 1902.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom. Pag© Eleven.
13
Secon<
Feet.
DATE.
1001.
1002.
January 5.. ....'..
January 6..
January 7. .'..".......... V..
January 8 .....'..'...
January 9
January 10
January 11.......... *.
January 12..
January 13 .....<......
January; 14.
January! 15
January 10.
January 17.
January 18. . . ;'.-
39
39
39
39
39
45
45
51
61
45 #
89
35
SO
45 '
KINGS RIVER AT RED. MOUNTAIN.
Seconi
Feet.
DATE.
1901.
1902.
January 5 '....'.
January 6.
January 1
January. 8. ......'... . .
January 9.................
January 10
January 11. ....... . . v. . . ; .'.
January 12 .................
January 13 ....;;....;.
January 14. ...;.'
January 15..'. ..............
January 16 .....'.'...
January 17. .'. .... :...'....".."
January 18; ........¦..:.;...
13,2±0
19.230
24,700
13,760
7,040
2.5S4
2.450
2.346
2,138
2,034
1,930
1.450
1,240
vl.240
620
480
480
480
440
440
440
480 3
440
440
440 ;
440
440
Second Fe^t.'
DATE.
1901.
1902.
January - 5
January .6 v. . .".'. ......
January 7. ...........:....
January 8 .................
January 0...
January 10. ........"
January 11. ................
January 12. ................
January 13
January 14.....
January 15 .'
January 16.'. .......... .'. .
January 17.'. .......'. ;'. . . . r.
January 18.'. . ....... ...
4.620
18,290
16,090
0,425
4,330
3,355
3.110
3, GOO
8.110
2,910
-2,500
2.295
2.000
2,000
660
410
350
300
350
450
410
350
350
350
350
300
300
300
•Secom
¦Fe«t.
DATE.
1901."
1902.
January 5. . . ....... .......
January ti. ...... .;
January 7.... .............
January .. 8 . . V . '. ......... . . .
January 9 .................
January. 10: . . ri'.V.'V.v; . ;'. ;¦.
January 11
January 12 .".:.. .'. .....
January. 13. . .".
January 14.*. ; .'. . .'.. ........
January 15. ................
January 16......Y .t;,
January, 17 ..".........:.. v. .
January 18. .'.'- . . . ........ . .
27,600 •
21,880*
19,460
16,600
14.300
12, 500 ~
12,500
13,700
16,700
16,100
19,780
17.000'
16.700
16,700 -
v*
6590
5590
.6380
63S0
i 6380
'8380
6380
0170
6170
•4863
4965
¦:5170
-4975
. 4975
Secon<
Feet.
DATE.
1001.
1002.
January 5.. ....'..
January 6..
January 7. .'..".......... V..
January 8 .....'..'...
January 9
January 10
January 11.......... *.
January 12..
January 13 .....<......
January; 14.
January! 15
January 10.
January 17.
January 18. . . ;'.-
39
39
39
39
39
45
45
51
61
45 #
89
35
SO
45 '
KINGS RIVER AT RED. MOUNTAIN.
Seconi
Feet.
DATE.
1901.
1902.
January 5 '....'.
January 6.
January 1
January. 8. ......'... . .
January 9.................
January 10
January 11. ....... . . v. . . ; .'.
January 12 .................
January 13 ....;;....;.
January 14. ...;.'
January 15..'. ..............
January 16 .....'.'...
January 17. .'. .... :...'....".."
January 18; ........¦..:.;...
13,2±0
19.230
24,700
13,760
7,040
2.5S4
2.450
2.346
2,138
2,034
1,930
1.450
1,240
vl.240
620
480
480
480
440
440
440
480 3
440
440
440 ;
440
440
Second Fe^t.'
DATE.
1901.
1902.
January - 5
January .6 v. . .".'. ......
January 7. ...........:....
January 8 .................
January 0...
January 10. ........"
January 11. ................
January 12. ................
January 13
January 14.....
January 15 .'
January 16.'. .......... .'. .
January 17.'. .......'. ;'. . . . r.
January 18.'. . ....... ...
4.620
18,290
16,090
0,425
4,330
3,355
3.110
3, GOO
8.110
2,910
-2,500
2.295
2.000
2,000
660
410
350
300
350
450
410
350
350
350
350
300
300
300
•Secom
¦Fe«t.
DATE.
1901."
1902.
January 5. . . ....... .......
January ti. ...... .;
January 7.... .............
January .. 8 . . V . '. ......... . . .
January 9 .................
January. 10: . . ri'.V.'V.v; . ;'. ;¦.
January 11
January 12 .".:.. .'. .....
January. 13. . .".
January 14.*. ; .'. . .'.. ........
January 15. ................
January 16......Y .t;,
January, 17 ..".........:.. v. .
January 18. .'.'- . . . ........ . .
27,600 •
21,880*
19,460
16,600
14.300
12, 500 ~
12,500
13,700
16,700
16,100
19,780
17.000'
16.700
16,700 -
v*
6590
5590
.6380
63S0
i 6380
'8380
6380
0170
6170
•4863
4965
¦:5170
-4975
. 4975
. .¦ EArLWAY TTLAVEL. , '
SOUTHERN PAGIFIO.
"CTralak lent e nu.l nr* tin* to nnlf « •!
MAN Mt4N«:iM1'O.
OUIn Ltne. Foot of Market 3ti«al)
»¦«*?» — PROM DCCKMBIB 61 1931. — AMIT*
~:»O* Benicia, SulauuJ Elmli* mad 9a.cn. ¦ -. - - -
Tneuio. , 0:3.1 r
7rtH>A Vacaiille, Wtten, Uunisey 7:33?
'!»•» Martinez. Hau IUinna.V»lluio.N»pii >
Oliat<.gtii!iiil.s>tiir:t li'i.-w «>23p
•(•Oa Da*U. Woo&asul. KuignU funding. ' • ;
Mmrjatillo, <>r<»ille. 7:5.ty
. S.OII* A tlaotls Kip-res*— Ogi'.en and ISut NtS3*
»i«J«»a Kites, tathror. Storatou ;i2if
•sOOAMlea, MeudoU. Haotord. VUali*.
Porterrllla <t:53»
¦t*i>A Shngu Kxpn-w-D.itis, WillUms (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, ilmt
liiufl. l*ortl*iuL T..j3»
• i»»» San .loae. I.iTermnre, Htncktnn. .
. . lone. Hserameuto. I'UcrrtiUe.
• •' H»rjs»ill», Cbteo. Ke.l Wi^T 4>a3r
11:80* OakiUlr, Obi!i»i3,.-ionor*. luolumnu 4:U3r
•ittftA Hsr*ard. JiiUi attd W*y Sutioim.. 1 1:334
•xOOa Vallrjo : 24:23r
•iOOa Lm Angelas Express — MarUnftz.
Tracy. l«throp. .Stockton, AUreeJ '
Fresno and Lea Aoaolea 7:139*
•:K«A Vail..}*., Marllnm: a>i<i ITaj Rtatloiii ~:33r
IOiUVa Th« O»erl:»iu( rjiuited— ()gd«n, i'ea-
tcr, O.ii»lia. Oilcsc'i '. »i33»
fl:OO e SacTHiiient.. Ifltvr Htvammii. ........ 1 1 1 :»«»
¦<O«r lleiilcia. Winters. rlacramentn.
WtMiillnnil. Kulirftta I.«nilin2. " -
y.«i- H«r>millp. (>in«lll» H>:,V1i
¦ iSOr Hajiraril, Niles »nd Way Stollom.. ' 7>39»
4<n»r Mmtluox. Man Kanion. V»lt*Jo,
N»pu. <;«liitt»K». SkiiU Itomt Wtft.ip
4tOOr Niles, Lirermore. Stockton. Lo<ti... I2;U3»
i * >:k»p Hayward. Nile*. Nan Jnao, Livf rmoro t »;3 J*
«:3OrTh« Owl Limited — Fieaito, Tuiara. '
Ilakergflahl, Maiifi* for Smita Bar-
bar*. Los Auceles BtSSa,
BiOOp Port Ccsta, Tracy. Lathrcp. Stockton I mas*,
O««O? Martinez. Antlocb. Ssockton. Mer-
! • oed.Fresno 1»:23»
•>««r Rayward. Nile* and Han Jom 7i33 4
t«:»l>r Vallejo H;33%
•¦Our Oriental . Alall— Ogden, Deurer,
Omaha. St Louis, Chicago 4:234
7i*Or Oregon and California Kxi>rnaii,Haa- , ;
mnietitii. Murjrsrlllc, ItHililiim.
l'oi-klxiiil, Tugek rtouiitl ami Kwik S>33«.
i'MrSm Pablo. Port Coata, Hartine* ' |
ami Way tJtatlous ltiSS«
_t»»<iarValH.» 7i33y
p : 'COAST LINE (!t»rrair «««««). j
(Foot ot Market Street.) ' |
•i!3a N9warW,U«iitrrTlllo,Haii Joae, BVItoii,
UoiilderCreek.SanlaC«uxandW»y
8UUons 3.3»«
!•»!»» Newark, Cantentlle, Ban Jose. Knr . . ¦¦¦ -
Almaileu, Vpiton, liootder Creek. '
' Santa Cras and l'riuelpal Way ¦ '
Station* I«>n«4j
4tl.1r Newark, H»u Jose. I«n Gatos ftiSU*,
c9.3up Hunters' Train— Sin Jos* and Way
Stations n-»0»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm Sil t RAHCISCO— Fool «f lUiktt Strut (Slip 8>—
t7:lfi 0:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:39 6:13r.«.'
FiomOltUXB— fail »rHniJ«*T.— 1«:00 18:00 toiOtt
10:00a.m. »:CQ 2.Q3 «:Q3 r.M. * :
COAST IiIXE (i.roa.l Gnage).
(ThirJ nnd Townseiid Sta)
6: 1 oa San Jose tnd Way stations. a>4i»Z:
¦ 7:0«A Man Joroanil Way SUUtins f*.o«»
/7:O€»a New Aliraden / 4ilw»
•iOUa Coast line Limited — Sao Jose,
Gllrcy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles and
principal intermediate stations.... 10*499
- •••Oa Han Jme, Ties linos. Hauta t'riiz,
¦ . Pacific Mm™. Hallnas. tian Lois
Obispo ami Principal lntermedUta
StMMmis «il«B>
10:30a San Jcsc and Way Stations. M:3«a>
. I ItBOA .San Jose ami Way HUtloi li.49*
ta:13p San Mateo. U«.lwoo.l, Menlo Park.
Palu Alto. .Santa Clara. Han. lose.
' Tres Flaos, Hanta Crux. Salinas.
Monterey »»•) l'aeillc Urotm...... |I0i43a
8:3<>rSan JosaandWay SUllons. l>;tu*
fi:l5r San Joseaml rrincinal Way .Stations SiUOs? '
4»30r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednf«- I
days, Fridays, for Loj Angelmr, El
' Paso. New Orleans and New York. . I
Arrire* Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thuisdars I5.13» i
f5:00pS»n Jose, Los Gatos and rriudpal
Way Stations |»:«04
StSOr San Jnse and Principal Way Stations 6iS0y
«::tnp San Jon*, ami Way Stations 7t.lOsT
7iOOr New Orleans Exprexs — Kau Luis
Obispo. Santa HaThara, Los An- i
gdles. D-mtng. El Paso, Kow Or-
leansaml E%35 7:3(1 A
§tt:4Sr 3an JosoKiid Way SUtlons 7i:tOf
A for Morning-. }' for A fteruoon.
? Hmidar eicented. I Sunday only.
_«^Satnrday only. / Tuesday* aud Fridays;, '
Santa Fe
Trains— Dany.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily r>aily Daily Dally
Lv. SanFran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
, " Merced.. 12 ;25p 1:17 p l^JOa 0:11 p
" Fresno.. 2-:05 p 2:o5p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
" Visalla.. i 3:39 p I 5:00a
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 5:20 p| 7: 45 a
" Kan.Clty... 1 2:40 at 7:30 a
"¦ Chicaso-| | 2:15 p| 9:00 pj
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
. Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
. 7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopptns
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. -Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. . ...
C1LIF0HNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO. 1
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClfti
, KAIL. WAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Marlcet St.
San Fran;l»co lo Saa Raraal.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:38.
. 3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
> trip at 11:30 p. ru. Saturdays — Extra trip*
• at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:20. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
t>an h-uruo! to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m.J
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtr*
. trips at 1:55 and.C:J5 p» m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. xn.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05, t>:25 p. m. .
Leave ¦ ( In Effect- | .Arrtv»i . -.,:
San Francisco. JApr. 28. lt>01| San Franclscot
Week I Sun- I .1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ' | Destination | daya. | Days.
7:30am| 8:00am| Novato, 10:40am) 8:40am
3:.JUpm| 9:30am|. Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am,
/ 6 :10pm | S:UOpm|Santa Rosa. 7:35pn>i B:-Upm
| I Fulton, . . •""¦"
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
6:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am .
Lytton, -. '.*v\:.r
Geyservllle,
3:30pm| 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm C:20pm
7:30aml 5:0Opm Hoplanrf. 10:40am 10:25ara,
3:30pm| 8: Warn and TJklah. 7:.;5pm «:2Qpn»
7:30am| - - 10:40am 10:23am
J 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
S:30pm| 5:00pm < 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am! .Sonoma ¦ 9:15am 8:40am
. j 1 and
6:10pm[ 5:00pm[Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40anl|10:25aia
3:30pm| 5:('.0pm| SabastopoL-f 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect - at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria ; • at , Lytton for Lytton -
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland I for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vtlle ¦ Carlsbad -Springs., Soda Bay, Lakepo^t
and 'Bartlett. Springs; at Uklah - for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Ponw,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr**
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. UsaL Willlts, Laytonvllle, . Cumralm.
BelVs Springs. Harri3. Olsen's, Dyer". Scotia
and Eureka. . ...
I Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ . •
On Sundays round-trip tlcket3 to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ;
Ticket offlce, 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
h c. wurrrxa. . r. x. rtax.
. .->.-- • Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
; — ; : ; — 'I^rr-
FiOUNT TAMALPAIS R,\IL\VAY
___ : -^ 1 -
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. :
Week Sun- •*.«¦«»¦!•«•>.•_«_. Sun- Week
¦ 9-30 a. 8:(H)a. _!.- ,^1,^ c«, M j^o 1.00 P. !U3 A. -
lot I" u^a- 4 3 :.oo '• m £
* IsiiiJ:* 53 .'-
r*r«, 3aa Fnucbro to ?«mlc u»d Bran. »l 0O.
TUbit Oficw, «il JIAB."wET SIKfiZT u4 SAUSALITO VZXaX. , -
t y^T^v Dr. Gibbon's Bisponsary,
1 " IS ~» 4 f ortiie treatmi-nt <>f I'rivnta
Ss\JJet,^-*i Diseases, Ij«st M»niiw)d. T)et>il!tyor
M*TS?»5!u>t^j'li<'»*asc wenrlngon body ami mind irnd
fc&yJSSfc^S-^ln Uinenscs. Tlie Doctorcureg wlien ,
fc«*)SR2wi5 others (llil - Tr y hirn - <' h^'tJ" low.
TMM i ''in I ' sasranlfod. Cull cr wrti%
ttr. J. E". <*KB!:«3i. saw rtanclrcc. CaL
; tend : the- funeral Sunday,' -January 26, at 2
S o'clock, from the residence of ¦ F. - D. < Trav-
eller. 1400 San Jose -avenue.'--- Interment pri-
vate. Mountain -View Cemetery," Oakland. : v
MEEHAN— In i New- York, ¦} Friday) : May 24,
1901/ William P. Meehan; • beloved son of "the
late " William ' and . Catharine .Meehan. ¦: and
brother- of ' Nellie F. Meehan , and: Marx, Ar
Ryan (nee Meehan). '.»¦ - ' ' ,-..<• :;C r
ICFuneral . was : from $ hla j late 1 residence,
.511 East Fifteenth street, ~ thence -to '7 the'
•Church of the Immaculate '. Conception, East
Fourteenth 'street, at 10 o'clock, where a sol-
\ ftmn ,- requiem mass • was celebrated for • the
. reprse of his soul. ¦•. .;..; './-."• ' "-• .-.'' ' *• ' -
MONAHAN— In. this city, 'January. 24; 1902 ', at
hia residence. 454 Bryant, street," John, be-
• r loved husband of Delia Monahan,' and father
: of Joseph, Thomas I and Loretta". Monahan, a
. ' native of Ireland. -'-.-' '¦.'.' . - . - ¦ ; :
CTNotice of funen.l hereafter.
O'NEILL — In this cltyi January 23. 1902,
. Philip P., beloved eon, of Mary and the late
¦ Patrick Li O'Neill. : and s -brother of .^Thomas,
Frank, -Walter. Robert, Eugene,. Alfred
Mamie and the late Edward O'Neill, a. na-
tive of San Francisco. . aged 30 years ( 4
months and 18 days. . \ , ,
; ETFuneral will take place at -10 o'clock
. to-mbrrow (Sunday), from hia late residence,
• 1421 McAllister street.-.. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,~" =. "•".• . -. . • ¦'.— '.•„•'
PAIGE— In this city/ January 23, 1002, Tim-
othy Paige, a native of Hardwick, Mass.; in
his 78th year. (Boston,' Mass.; papers please
\ copy,) . ¦ ' ;: ¦ : - • * '-.,-" •¦ • -¦ ,- /;-¦ ¦¦ ...
RHODES — In ' Corte Madera, Marin County,
January 24, • 1902, . Susan M. Rhodes," widow
. of ithe late William' H. Rhodes ("Caxton"),
mother of Arthur T.. William H.. RaleTgh
E. and John M. " Rhodes, • Mrs. Annie ¦ H.
/Smith and Mrs. H. H. Varney, and sister
1 of Dr. William P. mcDermott. >a native of
Crewkerne, . Somersetshire, England, aged 65
years 3 months and ,18 days. - ¦„.¦"¦' •¦ ¦
CyFriends are respectfully. Invited to -at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), '- at 2
j."o' clock, from Bethany . Church, corner Twen-
§ ty-flfth and Bartlett streets. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. 7 ¦---¦ . , . . f ¦
ROBERTSON — In this city, January 23, 1902,
Katherine, • dearly beloved • wife -of. James
Robertson, > beloved ¦ daughter • of Maurice and
the late Ellen O'Brien, and sister of John
and Maurice O'Brien, I Mrs. Mary Ayscough,
Mrs. Ellen Jeffers and Mrs. Lizzie O'Connell,
' a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 9
months and 8 days. V. ¦ .- - - '•' 7 --'"
E5'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ¦ attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the^parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
. thence to St. Francis Church, where a re-
quiem high mas3 wlll;be celebrated for the
¦ repose of her soul, commencing at. 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHEAHAN— In this city, January . 24, 1902,
Bridget, beloved mother of John Sheahan, a
native'of Ireland/ ¦ f, ¦ -¦ i.\- . .- - --
• E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), from the -. residence . of her son,
• 4177 Army street. Funeral ' and . interment
strictly • private. ' V '¦ •..'-.
SMITH— January 22, ' 1902. Sidneys Mason
Smith, a native of Boston, Mass., aged -59
years. (Boston papers please copy.) '-.¦.-
- tC?Servlce3 : at St. Luke's -"Church,- Van
Ness avenue and Clay «treet, Saturday, Jan-
uary 25, at 12:15 o'clock. Interment private.
SMITH— In this . city, January 24, 1902, be-
loved infant daughter of Louis A. and Mar-
guerite D. Smith. -¦>-'• _ . . .. .- '
STEVENS— In this city," January 23, 1902, at
her residence, 283 Thirteenth street, Mary,
: beloved wife of the late Charles Stevens,
[ and mother of Mrs; O'Connor and Charles
and Charlotte Stevens. • ' . -• ,
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' services
1"-day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock,: at, St.- Igna-
tius Church. Intfirment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit ¦ flowers. ¦' ' \ .
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 22, .1002.
.Mary, beloved -wife of Dennis ' Sullivan,'* a
j jnative of Inashana, ' County ; Cork, Ireland,
ased 60 years. . . ' . -•:-..;¦
ICT'The funeral will . take 1 place to-day
j (Saturday), at 0- o'clock, from the parlors
of J.' C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
¦ thence to ¦ St. Rose's Church, where " a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, ' by 11
o'clock creek route boat. • ' • . . i" •¦• •.- .
TIGHE-^In this city, January 23, 1902. Cath-
erine, beloved sister of Margaret Tighe and
Mrs. Daniel Flnegan, -a native of Tuam.
County •¦ Gal way, ... Ireland, aged 79 years . 8
months and 19 days.- .-¦..-. • . ,
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her - late
residence, 282 Lexington avenue,- thence to
' Mission Dolores, Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
• of her soul, commencing at 9, o'clock. ._¦ In-
terment Holy Cro«s Cemetery. y .
W ATKINS— In this city. January ' 23, 1902,
Julia, .beloved wife of Samuel Watklns,
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Gertrude
Boyle, and sister of Mrs. Hannah "Morris of
Eureka, Nev., a native " of England, aged
42 years. (Eureka, Nev., papers please copy.)
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from: the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices at 1:45 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. , '¦:',' ' . -¦;,.. . .. ,
WICKERT— In % this ' city,' January 23." 1902,
"Friedrlchr beloved : husband' of Llni Wickert,
. and father . of I Mrs. William Schaefer : and
Hienrlch Friedrich and Emilie Wickert. a
native of Germany, aged C5- years 4 months
and 13 daya. • "-v '"¦ ..-'•- • ¦
ETFuneral Sunday, at, 1 o'clock, from his
late residence, 1151 Valencia street.- Funeral
private. Interment Mount- Olivet -Cemetery.
WEISHEIMER — In this city. January 22. 1B02,
Sophia Hannah, beloved - wife of Augustus
Weishelmer, mother of .Laura J. and Estelle
K. Weishelmer and Isaac H. and Orland ! A.
Sproule and : the late Walter H. and Mat-
thew K.. Weisheimer, and sister of C. H.
- Huffman, a native of The Balize. La., aged
C5 years and 29 days. (New Orleans. La.,
and Merced, Cal., papers please copy.); .
IE?" The funeral services to-day (Saturday),
at 2 c'clock, from her late residence, 2225^
Pine street. Funeral and Interment private.
Florist ©>?
V 'ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
' Prices Reasonable X \
107 POWELL ST.KCA.EU.iS £££ 5050
PHYSICIAKS AXD SURGEON'S.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
eurgeon. at 1122 Market st.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. <:. O'DOXNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021^ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: »ee
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason. nr. Ellis.
Itli.VL BSTATE — CITY — SOU SALE.
for Wale BY^ruOMAS magee & sons.
5 Montgomery St.
CHEAP LOTS IN THE MISSION.
Electric Cars Passing on Mission St.
Only «0 Minutes From Kearny St.
Lots Level and Ready to Build On.
Terms— One-third cash, balance on Easy
Monthly Payments. Interest G Per Cent.
$2500 — iSi:«i feet on Mission St. corner with
100 feet on Holly, making 1S2:C feet of front-
age.
jigOO — 25x100 on corner of Mission Et. and
Riehland ave. (formerly Thirty-fourth st).
$1750 — EE. corner Mission and Riehland; 23x
100.
$1400 each — 6 lots on west side of Mission
st.. lacing electric cars; street bitumlnized; fine
lots. . - - "
$1400 each — 3 lots on past 6ide Mis&ion st.;
23x100 each; ready to build on.
$1275 — Mission st., facing electric cars; street
biiuminiaed; sun front and back.
$1250 — Mission et.. adjoining above lot; splen-
did lots for building.
$1200 — Mission et., with frontage also on Hol-
ly 6t.; 25x84; very ciieap.
$650 — Four lots on north side of Crescent
sve.. 25xliiO each; fine lots for moderate homes.
$tiCO each — 5 lots on north side West Park
st.. only i50 feet from Mission et. electric cars;
level and ready to build on.
$COO each — 7 lots on south side West Park
st.. half-block from Mission st." electric cars;
ready to build on. '
f 000 each — Six lots on north side Riehland
ave. (formerly Thirty-fourth st.): 25x100 each;
splendid lots 'or small and neat homes.
$600 each — Two lots on south side Riehland;
on!y 200 feet from Mission St.; next to some
neat cottages: 25x100 each,
$550 each — Four lots on south Bide Riehland
ave.. half block from Mission St.; lots level;
2-:0xl00 each.
A SPECIAL BUY — FOR SALE BY
THOS. riAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
5SOQ0 — a very artistic and comfortable home
in Presidio Heights. Two stories and base-
ment having 10 rooms and 2 baths. Built 2
vears. Lower floor bas receptjon room and re-
ception hall, libary. dining-room and kitchen.
Sideboard and china closet built In the house.
Four mantels and 4 washstands. Heater
throughout house; electric lights and gas. This
house has space on north and south sides, tnere-
foie affording Hpht. sun and air on three sides,
and light and air on one side. Artificial stone
sidewalk laid. Sutro electric cars 1»4 blocks
away cable cars on Sacramento st. being
changed to electric line. Permit to inspect at
our office. »
LOT on Langton Et.. near Harrison. 25rS0. at
a bargain. DONNELLY CO.. C32 Market.
FOR sale — S-room house, with garden and
gtone walks. 1919 Oak St.. facing Park.
BEAL ESTATE COIXTRV— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR 6ale on account of departure — Good pay-
Ing milk ranch: good private route: 15 cows,
9 hellers, 100 chickens, 2 horses, 20 pigs, 60
acres of land; all farming implements. In-
quire at Oakville Wine Co., SW. cor. Folsom
and Army fts.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality, big nroney; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY ana dairy i-anches all kinds: send
stamp for free list. C. R. WinSeld. Petaluma.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
TWO elegant furnished rooms ror lady or gen-
tleman, with or -without board: bath, phone
and piano. Inquire 132A Fourteenth St.. S. F.
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i^Ofl— $1 WO^CiiTC^sTpeT^nonthi 'wllfbuy" a
beautiful new S-room house and 50-foot lot;
. 30 minutes' walk to university and 10 min-
utes' walk to local; send for new pamphlet
on "Homes." WM. P. TODD. tao Market St.
8. F.. cr 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
ONLY f 2000— Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
<cannot be rebuilt for $2500): good-sized lot,
; en the sunny side of street; street work all .
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA- j
¦" BOX, real ogtate; Bertotey-gtatignr— ;
(2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and. bath; modern:
one block from station: lot 50x110: terms to
euit; interest on unpaid balance S per cent
.-per annum. A. J. SXYDER. 4C7 Ninth st..
: .. or branch, office, Adeline station, Berkeley.
FRUITYlLE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUIT VALE REAL. ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins »t.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public echoo!; furnished cot-
t&ge of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon ccte. etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
cr H. A. PLEITN'ER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY/
OAKLA\D REAL ESTATE. . ,
11000 — BIG bargain; cozy S-roomed cottage
with porcelain elnk and hot- water boiler;
eunny side, close to San Pablo ave. ; street
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for
quick sale box 2378. Call offlce. Oakland.
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. l^
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
StriCXY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 ccal and 1 gas erate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flower*; lot elevated: choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth-
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
• Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 3«S59 Xinth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAKD FCRXITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISG.
BELL. The, 1773 Market-^ housekeeplne
rooms, gas range. $12; single. $7.
BIRCH ave.. €15 — 3 rooms for housekeeping
upfucniehed: rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st!
ERIE, 58, bet. 13th and 14th. Howard and Mis-
elon— 3 sunny rooms complete for housekpg.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping 2 beds
$14; 3, 920; 2 beds, bath, alao single. $4 to $s!
GEARY, 1012, near Van Ness ave. — Nicely fur-
nished tunny front room and kitchen; phone,
HYDE, 412 — Newly furnished gunny front
basement suite; yard; laundry; gas; $20.
MIXXA, 281, corner Fourth — Furnished house-
keeping complete; also sunny double' front.
. cheap. . •»
MISSION. 1729%, nr. Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
niEhed housekeeping: rooms; bath, laundry; $8.
OAK. 119 — 2 Bunny; rooms, range, sink, $12; 2
basement rooms, $9; front room. ¦ $6; . back
room, $7; all furnished for housekeeping-.
PINE, 13C0, corner Hyde— Sunny corner front 1
furnished ; running water; light housekeep- ;
lngr private family; $10.
BECOXD, 212 — Hskpg rms.: clean; respectable;
Howard cans near; no children; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave., 034 — 2 newly furn. large con-
nectlng rooms and kitchen;. phone: reasble.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established nt 1QM
Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Pnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New. elegant.
aunny: grill attached: 75c day upward: rates
t>y week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 142G Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nUsned rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY. 1123 (Jefferson equare)— Handsomely
furnished rooms; home privileges.
EL .H S i,^- X <Mo *a«>— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. $1 50 night; $1 50. ty wk.; open ail night.
ELLIS, 418 <The Pierpont) — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ter-
vlce; hot water; private baths.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GALT House. 1206 Market et. — Furnished
room* br day. week or month.
William and the late Joseph A. Casey, a na-
tive of Parish .KUdowaryvy County. Cork, Ire-
land, aged 54 years. -A member of Loyola
Asseirbly No. 1, I\ M.'C.U. - r .
C7 Friends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Saturday); at 9:30 o'clock,' from his late resi r
. dence. 1445 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where" a requiem high mas3
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Cfimnienclnc r.t 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross. Cemetery. " " - ' - ' -
DAVALLE— In this city. January 21. 1902,
Peter Davalle, a native of Genoa, Italy, aged
59 years. * , ' ,
" ' CFrlenJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes j place
Saturday. January 25, at. 1:30 o'clock, from
hall. «07 Union street, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Fishermen' b
Association. Remains at the parlors of Va-
lente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.' s ' ¦•¦ • - ' -.-v :.-• - ."•'/•
DETLAR — In the City and County Hospital,
January 21, 1902, Annie Detlar, a native of
Germany, aged 43 years. : ¦ ¦ '¦'.'
EMERSON— In this city, January 23. 1902,
Polly Emerson (nee Harlow), mother of John
Prineell Emerson of Council Bluffs and Mrs.
Anna Irnhaus of San Franelsco.' a native of
.Whitehall, N. Y., aged 90 years 6 months
and 26 days. • ' .
E?'Funeral from her late residence, 1615
Lyon street, -Saturday, the 25th. at ' 11
o'clock, Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. /;- . - ¦
EWERT — In this city, January 24, 1902. John.
belo\'ed husband of Frederlka Ewert* and
father of Theodore, Charles, Friedrich ard
William Ewert. a native of Pomnr.ern. Ger-
many, aged 69 years 1 month and 21 days.'
E7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eiehth, till 1 :30 p. m. to-day. Inter-
ment at Sacramento. Cal. ;
FARKELL— In Haywards, Thursday, January
• 23, 1902. J. H. Farreil, beloved husband of
Louis Farreil, father of Myrtle, Charles,
Edna and Lulu. Farreil, a native of Kincar-
dine, Ontario, . Canada, . aged 48 years. \ »
JE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January 26, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at
¦ his late residence. Interment Lone Tree
Cemetery, Haywards. .
FOGARTY— In this city, January '24. 1902.
Walter T. Fogarty, beloved' son of Patrick
and the late Elizabeth Fogarty, and brother
of John J., James P. and Joseph W. Fo-
sarty, a native of New York, aged 24 years
9 months" and 21 days. . . ¦ ¦
(C7"Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
1 January 20, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of his brother, 537 Stevenson street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices, will be held.- A high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at Si. Patrick's Church Monday. January 27,- :
1902; ' commencing '.at . 8:30 o'clock; Inter-:
/ ment ¦ Holy Cross Cemetery-
- FRIEDLANDER— In this city, • January 23,
1902, Areyne Sybil, dearly beloved daughter
of Isadore and Lulu Friedlander. • • ¦"
FRIEDLANDER — In this city, January 24,
1002, Ernest, beloved husband of Jeanette,
and father of Abraham,' Siemund and Her-
bert Friedlander, and • brother of . HermaT .
Friedlander and Mrs. Fanny Lyons of Ger-
many, a native of Germany, aged 56 years
11 months and 12 days. . I
' IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, January 27, 1D02, at 10 o'clock, at
his late residence. 158 Central avenue, near
Page, street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by the 11:30 o'clock train from'
Third and Townsend streets.
FREDERICKS — In. this city, January 24, 1902,
Jacob C, beloved husband of Katharine
Fredericks, . father of Mrs. C. Barner and
Eda and William Fredericks, and brother of
Peter. Anna. Katharine. Fred and the late
John and Winnie . Fredericks, . a native - of
Helegoland. Germany, aged . 53 years 2
months and 22 days. A member of Ivy
Lodge No. 1716, Knights of Honor. (Ari-
zona papers please copy)." •
K5"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his* late resi-
dence, 1612 Steiner street, between Geary
and Post. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GANEY — In this city, January 24, 1902, John
Francis, beloved son of John and Bridget
' Ganey, and brother of Kate, May, Will. Lou •
, Jse and Harry Ganey. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years 5 months and "27 days'.
A member of the Retail Shoe Clerks' Asso-
ciation, Local 410. • . . • •
' * E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1316% "Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for service*
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
ter*. "
GARTHORNE— In Oakland, at 1023 Chester
street. January' 23, 1902. Minnie Wilson, be-
loved wife of the late George H. Garthorne.
and dauehter of Mrs. Harriet E. Wilson, a
native oPsan Francisco, aged 45 years.
B^Funeral and interment private. . .
GRIFFIN — In the City and County Hospital,
January 23. 1902, Mary. Griffin, . a native -of
Ireland, aged 69 years. . _
GRIMES — In this city, January 24, 1902. Ed-
ward, beloved son of the late Patrick anil
Elizabeth Grimes, and brother of Mrs. Liz-
' zlc Rvan, a native of San ¦ Francisco, aged
34 years 11 months and -20 -days. -'
HALEY — In this city, January 24. 1902, at her
residence, 1610 Leavenworth street, Hannah,
beloved mother of Michael E. and Anna T.
Haley, Mrs. John F. Parrotte, Mrs. Myer« J.
Conway and the late.J. M. Haley, a native
of County Wicklow, Ireland.
' ETFrlendB are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services at St. Brlgid's
• Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
Monday, January 27, at 9 o'clock. • Inter-
ment private. , . ...
JOHNSON— In this city, January 22, 1902,
• EHson Carl, dearly beloved . husband of
Nancy Jane Johnson, and father pf George
W. Johnson of San Francisco and Mrs. Jo-
seph- R. Durbln, James A., William R. and
S. E. ¦ Johnson of Los Angeles and Mrs. Ida
Hudson of Nob, Shasta County, Cal., and
' Albert and Frank Johnson, of Portland, Or.,
a native of Iowa, aged 70 years 8 months
and 29 days. (Portland, Or., and Los An-
geles papers please copy.)
v ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Saturday), <at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
¦ Ing parlors 'of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking Company, 1209 Mission street, be-
tween .Eiehth and Ninth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. •'
JOHNSON— In this city, January 24, 1902,
George Johnson, a native of Atheni, Greece,
aged 30 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 26, 1902, from the mortuary, chapel
. of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
24S3 Mission street, near Twenty-first, at 2
o'clock.
JOHNSON — In the City and County Hospital,
January 24, 1902, Robert Johnson, a native
of California, aged ' 39 years.
LANNAN — In this city, January 24, 1902. Ann
. Lannan, a native of Ireland, aged 85 years.
LANE— In this city, January 22, 1902, Bertha
Helen Lane, wife of David F. Lane, sister.
¦ of Mrs. John W. Gunn of Portland, Or., Mrs.
N. S. .McCready of Snohomish, -Wash., Mrs.
O. B. Young of Seattle, Wash., and John A.
and George H. Merkley, and daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Merkley of Iroquois, On-
tario, Canada, a native of Canada, aged 24
years. ' . .
. |n7Funeral services will be held to-mbrrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Comnany, 405
- Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Four-
teenth and Mission streets.
LEMMER — In this, city, January 23, 1902,
Edwin F. M., beloved son of John C. and
Mary Lemmer. a native of San . Francisco,
aged 28 years 9 months ¦ and 28 days.
(CyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to • attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock,' from B'nal B'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 13G, F. and A. M. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ¦ Please omit
¦ flowers. - - , . 1 -
LINGENFELSER— In thla city, January 24,'
1902, ,at the residence of his parents, 122
Erie street, between Howard and Folsom,
of diphtheria, ¦ Conrad Louis Llngenfelser,
dearly beloved son of Conrad W. and Mar-
garet H. Llnfjenfelser, a, native of San Fran-'
clsco, aged 9 years 11 months and 14 days.
CTFuneral strictly Drivate to-day (Satur-
day), from the residence of his parents, 122
Erie stree*. between • Howard and Folsom.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -.'-. - • :. ¦-.". i
McGLAUFLIN — In Alam«;da, . January. 23, 1902.
Mr». Emellne McGlauflin, beloved mother or
Mrs. F. D. Traveller, Lewis W. McGlauflin
and Mrs. Annie B. Jameson Bartlett, and
sister of Edward L. and-Phineas P. Ward,
• *a native of Wellington, ; New - Brunswick,
aged 81 years 10 months and 10 days.-
E5"Friends are reapectfully Invited to at-
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
. 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln • School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO.
: REMOVED!
*'.¦*.:,¦; mcGlNN •BROS.V ; - ; -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and' 226 McAllister st.i (FoJv
¦roerly of 31'Eddy rt. ,Tel. South 252:) ¦••-¦'
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J/
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J.C.O'Con-
nor &Co.,- have opened new. Funeral -.Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street," between Seventh
and Eighth. " Telephone 1 South 44.- j/ •-'.<'
HEW. FIRM. OF UNDERTAKERS.
27 «nd 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 1S7 ,
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
Finest Equipment ' at > Moderate Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
BAN BRTTMO HILL3.
OFFICE 916 JHARKET,STREET.
¦ VJ; HENDERSON. %IanaRfr.
Mt. Olivet . .-'Cemetery;
gOQMS TO LET— Fnrn. ana Unfarn.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
e d FUites and single: travelers accommodated.
GItAND SOUTHERN- Hotii." 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit. single ;elevat.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Two furnished suites; also 2
sipglfc rooms.
JONES. JKK5, in lower flat— One large room,
double bed; hot and cold water; privilege of
bath; breakfast served If . desired. ;
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office or' sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or* single.. .
MARTINET, 1101 Gear}-— Handsome suites;
private baths: newly furnished single, rooms.
JCATOMA. 217, near Third — Furnished" rooms:
single and double, -
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a -week up; 35c a day up. \_
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,' week, mo.
POWELL. 128 and ISO — Has changed hands;
nicely furnished sunny rooms; also Elngle.
RINCON place. 2S, off Harrison— 2 sunny fur-
nished front rooms • with use of kitchen for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen; view. of. bay.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light. .
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor: TOomF. per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to fS; month.- $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. - ! •
SHERMAN Apartment House.. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. . . ' !
_, — . mm i . :
TURK. 130 — Nice furnished single room cheap.
TURK. 545—^-Single sunny room suitable . for
gentlemen; gas and bath; rent $5.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • ¦ ' ¦ \
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
st. ; conservatories, j
IRVINGDALE. 626 Eddy— Double or single
room* suitable for students; excellent table;
extremely reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room with
board; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
CALIFORNIA, SO" (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repelier. 7S1 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; eonv. ; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206 Market St..
and pet cured: treatment free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO..- 415 Montgomery, rooms S-10; tel. 5580.
SEWIXG MACHINES SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged : re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45." 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. ,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.-, tel. . Main 5713.
BEIvINS Van and Storage Co.. (530 Market st.;
tei. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GRE^Tn5XRGTlNFl[N^¥p^w!RrT^R^^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2G6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection — Expert
typewriter doctors ; estimate free. 309 Sansome.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
I HAVING acQUired the Hentzell patent chim- j
ney, I am prepared to erect it 60e a foot up;
expert* In caring smoking or faulty Sues;!
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mission, or box 200. 318 Bush.
MABBIAGE LICENSES. "
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Knute X. Gustafson. 24. 117 Park Hill ave-
nue, and Emma Carlson, 24, 115 Prospect ave.
Isidor Blum, 309 Sixth street, and Julia
Spector, 33. St. Helena.
Robert M. Dewar, 32, 3G0!> Twentieth street,
and Annie M. Kruger, 25, 1891 Union street.
Agustin - Pou, 4G, <i Adelaide place, and Ro-
man Monreal, 42. city.
Joseph U. Dolph, Ct, Portland, Or., and
Lilian Tutwiler. 21, city.
Woodley B. Smith. 21. 1G32 Union street, and
Florence E. Dresbach. IS. 2405 Octavia street.
BIRTHS— CARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and death notices, .sent by
mail will "not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Boitk
GUXDERSHEIMER— In this .city. January 20,
1902. to the wife of Albert Gundershelmer, a
daughter.
SKAIN — In this city. January 8, 1902, to the
wife of Richard J. Skain, a dauehter.
SMITH— In this city, January 24,. 1902, to the
wife of Louis A. Smith (nee Sinclair), a
daughter. .-.<¦'-
MAEEIED.
WILSON — NUTTER — In this city,' January 24.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Leslie Lvle Wilson of Oakland and Mary
Nutter of Colusa. ¦ ' ¦ ,
" DXED. —
Bertelsen, Earl H. ' Johnson, Geonre
Bloom, Teresa . Johnson, Robert
Boardman. Harriet . Lannan. Ann'
Bryden, Mrs. C. . Lane, Bertha H.
Burke, John t • Lemmer, • Edwin F.
Bush. John Llngenfelser, Conral :
Casey, William - McGlauflln, Mrs. E. i
Davalle, Peter Meehan. William P. I
Detlar. Annie Monahan, John '
Emerson. Polly O'Neill. Philip P.
Ewert, John Paige, Timothy
Farreil, J. H. Rhodes, Susan M. '
Ftos-arty. Walter T. Robertson. Katherln*
Friedlander. Areyne Sheahan. Bridget
Friedlander, Ernest . Smith, Sidney M.
Fredericks, Jacob C. Smith (infant)
Ganey, John F. ! Stevens, Mary
Garthorne. Minnie Sullivan. Mary,
¦Grlffln. Mary Tighe, Catherine
" Grimes. Edward ' Watkln«, Julia
Haley. Hannah Wickert, Friedrich
Johnson, EHson C. | Welsheimer, Sophia
EERTCLSEN— In this city, January 24, 1902,
Earl Herbert, beloved son of- Charles and
Emma M. Bertelsen. and brother of Nonna
Bertelsen. a. native of San Francisco, aged :
6 years 2 months and 13 days. - <
BLOOM— In this city, January 24, 1902,
Teresa, beloved wife of Joseph Bloom, mother
of Mrs. Joe Traversi, Clarando, Valenti,
Silva, Romllda and Jerry Bloom, and sister
of C. Balzarlnl. a -native of Switzerland,
aged 53 years. - .
C7"The funeral will take place Sunday,
January 26," from the family residence,
Olema, Marin County, at 11 o'clock.
BOARDMAN — In Oakland, JanuarV. 23. 1902,
Harriet Charlesworth, widow of the late
Thomas Boardman. and beloved mother of
Mrs. William Godbeer and Joseph Boardman,
a native of Manchester, England, aged 03
years and 3 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day. (Saturday), at , 1 :30 o'clock, at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. William God-
' beer. 1023 Wood street. West Oakland. In-
.terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BRYDEN— January 23. 1002, at the residence
of her son, H; E. Mosher, near Nilea, Cal.,-
, Mrs. Catherine Bryden. a native of- Inver-
ness. Scotland, aged 80 years 7 months and
*. 5 day«.' (St. ' John, N. B., papers please <
copy.) • . ¦ I
ICTFuneral at 10 o'clock Saturday, Janu-
ary 25. Interment at Irvingtonl
BURKE— In this city. January 22, 1902, John/
, dearly beloved husband of Margaret Burke,
- and father of Joseph, Mamie and Marguerite
Burke, a • native of Claremorrls, County
J Mayc, Ireland, aged 67 years.
'JCZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 411 Franklin • street, thence to St.
: Mary's Cathedral, where a • solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi-,
soul, commendne at 9:30 o'clock. - Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.; ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ . ; ••; -.'
BUSH— In the City and County Hospital, Jan-
uary. 23, 1902, John Bush, a native of . Ger-
many, aged 61 years. ; . .....:
CASEY— In this city, January. 23/ 1902, W1I-
. 11am. dearly beloved husband of Hannah
• . Casey, and lovlnc father of Nellie. : Annie,
. OCEAKT TRAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. '
Steamers leave " Broadwcy
HSj)^^ Wharf, San Franci3co:
B^fM^gw^ For ICctchikan. Junean.
HSiW^^_ EkagTvay, eic, Alaska — 11 a.
| lirESKlc^ "».. Jan. 11, IS, 21. 20. 31.
PMul Feb - 5 - Change to company's
I FiBS^idEll steamers at Seattle.
JQqra»u For Victoria. Vancouver.
*" P° rt ' Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
¦ i : coma, Everett, New What-
Cf.m— 11 a. ra.rJan. 11, 16, 21. 26, 31. Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
tor Alaska and Q. N. Ry.: at Seattle orTa-,
coma to N. P. Jty.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
' For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 12. 17, 22. 27. Feb. 1.
- For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hartord
(San Luis Obispo). •Qavlota. Sant* Barbara.
Ventura. Huencme. East . San P«dro. Baa
Pedro and 'Newport f'Bonita only). •
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Jan. 2. 10. 18. 28, Feb. 3.
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. SO, Pel). 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Ban San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pez. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. «tn of eaca
month. ¦ s- ¦ , , '*'-'.'
For farther Information obtain folder*. .
Right Is re«erved to change steamers or •all-
in? dates. - ' :
TICKET OFT'ICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). J;
' GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. 8an Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
(*. —TO— -
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
* A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP, v
Only $60 including meals and berth for the
round trlD on board the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co "s steamer ! CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7, March 7. April 7. Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada, Maedalena
Bay. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan,' Altata. La
Paz Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymaa
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
T-ickft Offlie. 4 New Montgomery St., or 10
Market st.. San Francisco.
O.R.& TV. CO.
Only Steamablp Lino *c»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. >. /Through Tickets to all
points."" r<i<! n- stenm^hio nnd rail, at
. IiOWEST RATES.
8TEAHER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tnd MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails ......
Jan. 13. 24; Feb. 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. 18. 28; Feb. 7, 17
Steamer sails- from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. S.F.
TOO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF,. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong -with steamers for
In Ma, etc." No cargo received on board oa
d.-.y of sailing. . i ¦ t ,
6S. HONGKONG MARU .'
- Thursday, January 30tb. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
' Tuesday, February 25th, 1803
ES. AMERICA MARU
.Friday. March 21st, 1902
Round-trip tickets "at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, comer First.
. • W. H. AVERT. General Ag-rat.
AMERICAN LINE,
SEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
S toping at Cherbourg, westbound. ¦
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a.- m.
St. Louis Feb. fist. Louis Feb. 26
Philadelphia ...Feb. 12 Philadelphia ...Mar. p
St. Paul Feb. 19ISt. Paul ..Mar. 12
;*¦ RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerc
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington ....Feb.' 5 Friesland Feb. 26
Zeeland Feb. 12 South wark ....Mar. 5
Haverf ord ..... Feb. ll> Vaderland ' Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
< - CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery St.
PANAMA R.R, £ S ?
TO NEW -YORK VIA PANAMA 01RE5T.
Cabin, (105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll tails Wednesday, Jan.' 29
6. S. Leelanaw rails Friday. Feb. 7
6. 6.Ar&y!l raili Thursday. Mar. 13
From ' Harrison-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Ci3 Suf AmeriGa a i8iVaporBi
To Valparaiso, stopptng at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing' from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL ....Feb. 6 PALENA Feb. 2S
GUATEMALA. .Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built . expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
AAA5tnIl» IT <? JTA H'-WA'!, SAMOA, MEV3
pceani£S.s.to. sssjss
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
v. ..., Saturday. Jan. 25. '02, 2p.m.
SS. . SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
¦ land and Sydney... .Thurs., Feb. e, 10 a. m.
J. 0, SPSECKEIS k Ml CO.; Buerei Agents. S27 Hartsi St
Een'i PassMQir Office, 643 Market St., tor lo. 7. Pacific St
COUFABKIS GENES ALS IRANSATLANTIQC3
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS 2^5±
Sailing every Thursday. Instead ol^ftjvrjk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from plsr 42.-»«&«*aS»
North River, foot of Morton street. ¦
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seocra.i
class to Havre. $45 and urwaril GENERA!.
AGENCTT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 82 " Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork.- J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coait
A cents. 5 Montgomery avenue." San Francisco.
Tickets mM bv-wU Kaflrnad Ticket Agents. -
BAY ATSTD " BI VKB STEAlitEB3.
FilTTlAvF^
- Steamora GEN; FRISBI3 or M0NTICELL3
9:45 a. in.. 3:1S and 8:20 d. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9 :4S a." m.. 8 :30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, tt p. c, except
Sunday. ¦ Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* in
cents, -i Telephone Main 1608. ¦ Landtag andi
office. ol«r 8. MlsaliMi-atrMC dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦
EAILWAY TEAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAItROAa
- V", . Via Sausalito Ferry . "i.
' ¦ Commencing September 29 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. «"*""¦_
WEEK DAYS — 0:55. 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m
•1:45 3:15. 4:15. 5:15.- »6:15. &:45 p m
EXTRA TRIPS — For ; Mill. -Valley and Saa
Rafael I on ¦¦ Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— *8 :00, •10:00." *11 :30 a. ci ! •! -15 ¦
3:15 •4:46.6:30,9:30 p.. m. "¦; '
Trains marked ¦(•) run to San QuentliT
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANOSOO
WEEK DAYS— »5 :25^ 6:27. 7 :45 £»5 f(£lS
a. m.,- '12:25. 2:15. •3:^5.. 4:40. 5:30 , nT
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. •10:00. «11:43 a.m
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. • a * . m -
Trains marked (•) -start from San Qucntln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
. WEEK DATS — 5 :45. • 6 :45, 7 :55, 8:&5 lo-So
z. m. 12:35.2:45,3:50,5:10 p.m. .'
.' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
. SUNDAYS — 8:05. 10:05 a.* m..'12:05. 2-13
8:30, 5:00, 6:45»p. m. , ." *
, THROUGH .TRAINS." . ,
'6:55 a. m. -week days — Cazadero and way-
stations, u .- ¦ ¦ • . . - - .» '
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . , .; . v - ;•.,.-'.; ¦
8 : 00 a. rn. Sunday s — Duncan Mills and ' way
stations. HIU^mj *|jii l*f» il*jiiy JiiHIJIIW
- Legal Holiday boats 'and trains will run oa
Sunday time.- _• _ - ; -.- , ,- -... Mrs. Craven :Will ; Appeal. •
•'". Nettie": R." Craven " filed ~jl :• notice ¦ yester
;day that she would appeal ."from 'the order;
denying , her * a.' ' new ;: trial 'pt ; the -suit Jn
which ; the I deeds to the Mission and Pine
street property,, alleged Mo .have 'been
made by i James "G.-Fkir, were' declared'
.null'vand void.r-v 1 ..^ -v , ; ¦ ¦¦:
i-"" Dr.'iCrocker , '¦ ey e ,' '. ear , ¦ nose,"-! throat ; and
lungs.; Resumed practice 21 Powell St.-'*;-:
Lecture on < Walls of China.
The next of the series of lectures being
given at the Mechanics' .Institute will te
delivered td-nlght by Professor John
! Fryer of the University, of California. The
subject of -the lecture will be "A Trip t'o
Peking and -the. Great Wall of China."
I>ast> week ¦ Professor 'Fryer 'delivered the
first>pa.rt. of.^this,- lecture, dealing prlnci
pally^wfth the trip to Peking; this lectura
will treat more on the great wall of China
.The lecture , will ! be illustrated by stereop
ticon views. i^^gaaaMaJjfflr^aKawwhiagl
'La Jeuness; Club; dancers— Be -sure and
read the Wasp' to-day.\ .* •
The San Francisco Art; Association arid
the • California Camera" Club : have,' in* re
sponse ; to a very general request, decided
to keep the national . exhibition of.artist'c
photographs at v the /Mark -Hopkins'Insti
tute open -for two days, longer, Saturday
and'SundayJ Furthermore, 1 in order that
every one may -have .*.n- opportunity lo
see this remarkable exhibition before-it is
sent 1 away ; the." 'Art Association," has' Ue- ¦
termined to hold ; a special : free " day *on
M(Dnday ; next. January 27,; on which occa
sion the institute will be open to the pub-'
lie. free of charse. "" • .--.-. / "",
Photographic Salon.
- Eight 1 more booths i will ! -be - . furnished
the [ Health i Board' if the '. Supervisors will
reimburse the Election '- Commission . for
their'cost. . ¦ - v :
.. ' Cpmmlssloner ~ Kellogg." stated - that 1 ? the
Election Commission . had\ saved $5000 with
which ?, it is '• intended • -.t.o -purchase " new.
booths. It.'was agreed to allow. the. Health'
Board ; the ' use. of » two - booths. - Commis
sioner I Voorsangec . /. said ' that the r booths
should , not ; again .:be- used' for selection
purposes. . : .' : : " • _•, '^> - ":
;<-' The Mayor asked, why a. request for. the
accommodations for" patients had'not been
made before, and ; said it (was ; a V shame
that., quarters if or '. more.", than I twenty.: pa.
tients had ; not been;' provided. >^Emery"an
swered-that no. appropriation was', made
for the purpose 'by the" ."Supervisors".'.!^'
¦ '•] Mayor ¦Schmitz ,sa't ( ' with, the Election
Commission. ." at * its '"- meeting ~- yesterday
mornlng.v' Secretary, Emery " of . the • Board
of -Healtb ¦ , petitioned - that ¦'. two .election
booths be loaned to the Health; Board, for,
the use of the 'Leper ; Hospital.'./ •• /' ! -
for Not Providing ; Proper Ac
.;.. ' , commodations. ¦;•;'.
Mayor Schmitz Taxes Health Board
TTSE :ELEC3TI01TVB0p^HS [ . . !'
'¦;¦ '¦[_ \ FOR HOSPITAL . PAT1CENTS
Shuffleman Is Convicted.
Frank Shuffleman. a soldier, who with
two comrades ran amuck In Chinatown
Tnursday night, was convicted by Judce
Conlan yesterday on the charge of dis
turbing the peace and will be sentence.!
this morning. One of Shuffleman'o com
panions, who escaped, attempted to
ehoot Detective Ed Gibson.
As predicted by the creditors of the
estate of "Mammy" Pleasant, Oliver Rob
erts, the assignee of the estate appointed
to succeed George R. Eaton, has t com
menced suit to recover the jewelry which
they contended has been in the possession
of the Donohoe-Kelly, Banking Company
since a few days prior to March 26, 1898,
the date on which Mrs. Pleasant was-de
clared an insolvent debtor. The creditors
claimed that Eaton was derelict • In . his
duties and that under his 'management
they would- never receive a just 'share 'of
Mrs. Pleasant's property. They- p^jHioned
for his removal and Judge Troutt granted
their petition. - '-,'-.• '->'¦„
-Roberts 1 complaint was filed yesterday.
He allegas.that the bank has In Its pos
session $120,000 worth of jewelry, the prop
erty „ of Mrs. Pleasant, which was not
surrendered at r the '.time she * went
through insolvency. ' Roberts ; further al
leges that it is In a box at the bank and
that the officials of . the Institution have
refused to surrender, either." the box or
its contentsr£B9SNifW<9S9l5!9s3Sif -- : -'
G. R. Eaton's Successor. Claims Mrs.
Pleasant Has Valuable Jewels
. Stored in Institution. -
ASSIGNEE OUVER ROBERTS
FHiES ;STJIT "ACrAIlTST 'BANK
At the instance of D. L. Randall,
owner of the'property at 317 Powell street.
Gustav Schnee made . a complaint to
Mayor Schmitz yesterday " regarding the
lack of sidewalks around the lot
upon the corner of Powell and Geary
streets upon which the Crocker Estate
Company Is erecting a building. Schnee
says tha* he had frequently referred the
matter to the Board of Public "Works, but
that body has taken no action.
Wants Sidewalks Laid.
to argue the matter... but ; Judge Cook re-?
plied that if was ./not - pertinent - to.- the
present, proceedings,' but , allowed,RJordan
to- show. .that, the Mayor -had:. exercised.',
judicial power in- suspending Williahis,int'
which- event a -writ of review, was: the";
proper- -remedy- for. any:. grievances that-
AVilliams- might feel he had sufferedr : " < ' '
•Riordan then -took up/his arguments on
the lines .suggested ,by thet Judjge, ( anu7
I quoted a number of, decisions" ; to
strengthen" his' contention "that the-:Mayor
had exercised -judicial powers.' and- was
consequently subject to a'wrifof review.
' -As. regards the alleged' contempt-* of
court charged against Fredrick,v>Riordan
claimed that Fibdrick was ¦ gullty^.and
"shouia" be] punish'edl' )' ' . ' " ] ' ' \ ¦,¦"•' i,, 1
Mayor's Acts- Are Not-^ Judicial.
' s Attgrnjey '. Riief replied'. at : length; on. be
half ot • Fredrick. .. He argued ithat'i. " thef
acts of Mayor Schmitz' In suspending Wil
1 iams ' f roiii Office and appointing 'Fte'drick
in his place -were .absolutely; .ministerial
and that. the 'decisions. quoted. by" Riordan
did not apply, to the Constitution of 1 Cali
fornia, • but to ; certain States > that dis-.
tinctly made such- acts- judicial in char
acter.- •¦¦ ;* ...'.. . - • , •
¦Ruef claimed that Fredrick having been
appointed by' the: Mayor, the subsequent
service of "the writ of review could not
annul the appointment or stay. the powers
conferred on Fredrick by said appoint
ment." ' ¦-." " ¦' '.:.'.'-¦ • •. . / ¦ • ¦; ' •
' "A. writ of ..review,'' said Ruef,;" "can
only apply.' to the" judicial acts , of an in
fetlor tribunal or officer, and in this. case
canonly apply to 'the acts; of the Mayor,,
providing those ; acts were judicial, in
character. : ¦. «¦;-¦• : ' -- • . .;'¦- - -j .
"Not ' a. single -authority .quoted by the.
other side tends to, 'show that the Mayor's
acts in suspending; Williams. and appoint
ing Fredrick* were other- than' ministerial.
'"The writ of certiorari /.only; stays the
judicial proceedings ¦. which are "i to ' be ¦ re
viewed ¦ by .- the « higher courr. and s it : does .
not stay or suspend any executive or min
isterial duties."- ; ,":' ,,;.'.':
Ruef then argued that ¦ the '¦ writ; could
not apply, to Fredrick, but only .to the
acts of the' Mayor/ and. asked -that r the;
contempt, proceedings be dismissed. . .: .
. ' ' Judge Cook Quizzes Riordan. ' ?
Judge Cook then asked Attorney^ Rior
dan the -following 'question: "Assuming:
.that .the acts of the -Mayor, were, judicial
and. that the'-writ>of : : certiorari.was .the
proper; remedy ; in :'all . respects, ' and / that
the restraining order was proper and that
the suspension by. this court of the power
of- Fredrick was " proper, wherein; does it
appear that Fredrick disobeyed the writ?"
- Riordan— "Fredrick . was " a ' partyi to : the
ejectment of Williams and 'his deputies by.;
the '. police, * acting "on ' the orders 61 the
Mayor. He. took - charge of < the . office '. of
Chief Clerk of .the Justices of .the Peace
and'has continued- tof do; so."- '-¦¦• ...- ¦-.'•:"
" Judge- Cook — "Does the writ- order Fred-'
rlcknot* to continue^ his> duties as^Chief
Clerk. of .the Justices' Courts?" -.-'• -
Riordan— "Well,, the writ says- that his
power, is suspended/ and '; I take it - that'
the word 'power', applies , to ' all the I duties
of the " office • which - he has attempted > to
carry out since : he was served with the
.writ."-. . ¦- '-¦¦-.¦. v. ' .¦ -.:,-.; ¦¦-
Judge Cook— ','But the .'writ' only "sus
pends his ,power,". and: it -does not "com- 1
mand him not to continue in* the "exercise
of his duties."' :¦ ¦ ¦ . - .; . -«: i; ¦••.:-
Riordan replied that Fredrick > was 1 a
party to all ¦: the acts of the Mayor ,that
the writ sought to review, .'and that* If
Fredrick could not be punished for-dls-
: ' There was laughter and applause, when
the Commissioners • gave • their : immediate
decisiori ( in the two words "charges dis
missed,", and the dpera-boufEe proceedings
closed. . ...... .. '"¦,¦.
called by r the* Payers' ¦/' Union '.testified *X to
having, attended: ji political' meeting dur
ing the recent" campaign, but there was
not the slightest-testimony to show that
:Gallagher. had, anything to do- with hav
ing commanded the'mten who worked un
;der him to attend the -meeting.
; One paver, an ex-prlzerighter. testified
that Gallagher, askqd him td attend a po
litical .meeting, but., the' witness did not
consider that he had been commanded to'
do so or that any "threat was implied
to. remove him in the event of his refusal
to do so.V'' . .•,¦•¦,•¦¦• , v- . - .
<¦-. On the Charge/of "unfairness" one soli
tary witness was' called,' and his evidence
; was : that Gallagher .was a , hard man to
work under. '•; j , . .-: ¦¦¦ ; . . ¦
• The Commissioners would not allow any,
testimony, to : be. Introduced, on: a general
.olvarge that Gallagher was. ¦ Incompetent
•for- hi«.j>osition, though- Gallagher him
self', asked -that- a • full- investigation be
•made. , The commission held that it; was
the -, duty of the Board of -Public - Works
to, liie Jcharges^of- incompetence -against
Gallagher; if grounds existed, and. not for
any: outside, parties : to do so. '
t When all the witnesses had. been called
by the prosecution the attorneys for Gal
lagher declined :to - present 'any. testimony
and asked for a dismissal on the evidenoe
submitted.- ............. ¦-. .;> ¦ .
There was trouble brewing In the Nine
Yung Josshouse last' evening and to pre
vent the "flight of bullets three police offi
cers were sent from the Central police
station to the scene.
The trouble was caused by a spirited
contest for the presidency, of the associa
tion and would have resulted seriously,
had 'riot the- policemen .been present.
Chong Fat. who has held the presidency
'for the past two years, was loath to-re
! tire : and when he found that Leo .Wing
j.Ying had suddenly gained. sufficient votes
¦ to place him at the: head of the, organizas
tion he accused his" antagonist ot , using
unscrupulous methods and determined to
use force to reseat himself in the official
! ° Scenting difficulty' some conservative
King Yungs secured, the services of the
police and-whenthe latter arrived all the
I highbinders left the meeting-room. Leo
Wing Ytng was finally elected. president,
but not until "after several heated argu
ments had occurred. The Ning Yung As
sociation is the most prominent organiza
tion, of itsklnd In Chinatown.
Army. Department of the Young
Men's Christian Association Pre
pares Elaborate Programme.
The Army Department of the Toung
Men's Christian Association, in order lo
raise funds to prosecute the association's
work among the soldiers at the Presidio,
has decided to -give an entertainment Fri
day -evening. January 31, in the Young
Men's Christian Association's Auditorium,
corner of Mason and Ellis streets.
An elaborate programme has been pre
pared for the occasion. One of the spe
cial features will be a sword swinging ex
ercise by the Presidio Soldiers' Quartet,
assisted by other soldiers from the post
The programme will be replete wlthchor
ueos, recitations, vocal and instrumental
music and a drill by the soldiers.'
During the past year the Army Depart
ment conducted ISO meeting lectures.
These lectures were attended by over 17
000 people. The department has also fur
nished the soldiers with abundant reading
matter and supplied the General Hospital
and the Post Hospital with writing ma
terial. .
rNTERTAIU-MENT FOE
BENEFIT OF SOLDIERS
Trouble | Made by. High-;
; ; . binders in the
Yung Josshouse.
When Riordan rclaimed that Fredrick
and the Mayor had been advised I to dis
obey the. court's on; the: advice of
Attorney Ruef the latter made vigorous
objection 'to ' Rlordan's . Statements ¦ and
was upheld- by -the v«ourt,- Riordan > being
Riordan claimed that the. Mayor had no
right to suspend Williams, who -was a
State officer, -and that -the- appointment
of Fredrick was illegal. ., Riordan • went
over the familiar details .of how* the
Mayor suspended 9 Williams., and . placed
Fredrick in office as his successor. He
dilated on the. manner; in* which the -writ
of review was served, but forgot v to men
tion the early: hour in the morning: when
It -was filed in- the County,- Clerk's' office,
when hard-working citizens are asleep
In bed. ¦ '. ,-. .-¦"• .:•••.-'; ; ,-.|'; ; ; :\
; - Riordan Stray s From . Facts. Ls$*
Riordan went ; on to say that after the
¦writ had been served, on the " Mayor and
Fredrick that, Williams had been ejected
from his office by police officers acting on
the Mayor's orders, » and • that Fredrick
had continued, to direct the affairs of the
office of • chief clerk to- . the Justices'
Courts, despite the orders' of the writ is
sued by Judge CooTc. .' ~. ' .
Attorney Riordan, In making his argu
ments, recited the principal points of the
affidavit Tof Williams on- which Judg-c
Cook ordered | the writ . of review- to be
issued. - . . .-¦•¦.
JUDGE CARROLL COOK will ren
der his decision morning in
the matter- of the -alleged, con
tempt of -court charged • against
Powel -Fredrick, who > was ... ap
pointed by Mayor Schmitz inpface
of E. W. Williams as chief -clerk of tbo
Justices' Courts of this city and county.
The question .as to whether the Mayor
had the riglit to suspend "Williams from
office will also come up this morning be
fore Judge Cook on the hearing of the
writ of certiorari issued by the Judge on
the prayer of ..Williams when he was sus
pended' from office : on ; charges of gross
neglect of bis^duties. "; '
The final ; arguments • on the contempt
proceedings took place yesterday after
noon before Judge Cook, Attorney T. D.
Riordan appearing for Williams, arid- Ai
torney Abe Ruef representing Fredrick
and the, Mayor.- - ' ¦• .'. .
• - - "•¦/'' . : .'. I- ¦ •::'¦'> -i-.v' ....•.'.:¦.;•¦ i' ..V
JUDGE BEFORE WHOM ARGUMENTS IN THE CONTEMPT PROCEED- *
". INGS AGAINST POWEL, FREDRICK WERE 'MADE AND THE- AT- \
TOBNETS WHO QTJO'TED LAW; AND AUTHORITIES; QN" SUBJECT
•' " 11 ¦¦' "¦'. "¦¦ " v : .. ' ¦/.'•-. . ;' , - '. :--v. •::¦::*•: / .- •; •'¦'-". i •-••-..'*
POLICE PREVENT
HEATHEN CRIME
Judge Frank H/fDunne 'of the Superior
Court has temporized with an absolute
order of .the'. Supreme Court of Califor
nia, and according to. the; statement of
Attorney . George [ D. Collins, is in immi
nent clanger of being cited »f or contempt
to-day. The lawyers of San Francisco
j were eagerly discussing the matter about
town ?as?t night and great is the specula
tion as to what will be the outcome of
the unusual action of the Superior Judge.
Attorney Collins states positively that if
Judge Dunne does not comply with the
<rder at 10 o'clock to-day he will be
under arrest by noon. — - * •• •
The Difficulty arose from the Supreme
Court's reversal of the judgment of the
Supericr Court denying a new trial to
Fred Hansted, more familiarly known as
"Professor Young Dutchy," who was con
victed of complicity in the attempt to
loot the Sullivan estate. The Supreme
Court held that the indictment was de
fective and ordered that the defendant be
set free. According to the statutes, a
judgment of the court does not go Into
effect for thirty days. „ ~j
The proscribed time elapsed on Thurs
day and Justices McFarland, Temple and
Henshaw issued the following order on
that day:
Directs Hansted's Helease.
People of the State of* California, respond
ent, vs. F. Hansted, appellant. In the above
entitled caus=e the court, having, on the 23<1
<lay of December, A. D. 1901, reversed the
judgment of the Superior Court in and for the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, with directions to that court to
eustain the motion to set aside the indictment,
and it appsMring that the defendant is In cus
tody under the Judgment of eaid Superior
Court, now, therefore, pursuant to the re
quirements of section 12<J2 of the Penal Code
of the State of California, it is ordered that
upon the filing of the remlttiiur upon eald
judgment of reversal. In the said Superior
Court, that the said court be. and it hereby Is,
directed to discharge the said defendant V.
Hansted from custody.
This order was immediately transmitted
- to Judge Dunne on Thursday, but regarQ
less of the vehement protests of Attorney
Collins, who represents Hansted. the.mat
ter was laid over until yesterday. The
lawyers, all agreo that an order from the
Supreme Court must be cbeyed instantly
rnd without question and they are at a
¦ loss to understand why Judge Dunne did
not act immediately. The case was set
for yesterday morning and Attorney Col
lins was on hand to demand the release
of his client, but Assistant • District At
torney Greany. who represented the pros
ecution, .asked that he be given time to
look into the matter. This the court
agreed to, but on objection by Collins,
he said that the case was not continued
but action was simply flelayed.
Charg-es Dunne With Contempt.
Collins then charged Judge Dunne "with
contempt on the ground that failure to
obey the order was equivalent to dis
obedience. .The Judge objected and or
dered the case set for to-day.
Attorney Collins' said last night:
Judge Dunne felt sore, I think, because the
Supreme Court reversed him. \Vhy he' does
net obey the order of the higher court. > how
ever, is more than I I or anybody else who
knows anything about law can understand. - It
is a case of contempt, pure and simple. I will
let the matter drop if he orders Hansted's
release to-morrow, because I think the ethics of
the profession demand it. I told him that
I would wait for him if it should be distinctly
understood that I was net a party to the
transaction. But I let him understand — and
I meant what I said — that I would net stand
for any further postponement of action after
10 o'clock to-morrow. If he does not come
to time at 10 o'clock he will be under arrest
by noon.
Justice McFarland, who as the head
of . Department No. 2 of the Supreme
Court, Issued the order, stated that he
did not care to talk of the matter until
it had been brought to his attention offi
cially. "I will say," he vouchsafed, how
ever, "that the action of the Judge Is
unusual."
Supreme Court ;-" Order ; Gives
Rise to a Strange
Superior Judge Dunne in
Danger of Being '^
Arrested. '
Mayor's Power to Remoye Justices'^ Glerk Is Not at
S||§ Issue in the Proceedings v •-(
MAY BE CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
JUDGE COOK H EARS ARGUMENTS
IN FREDRICK CONTEMPT CASE
PLACE POLICE
ON THE DRILL
Attorneys for > Buckley
AreX Working Hard
• '; to Save Him. \
obeying; the -writ, .the power of certiorari
might as well be wiped out. : - . * . U
Judge Cook^ then announced . that . he
would take the contempt proceedings un
der* advisement and would: render his de
cision this morning at. 10 o'clock.. -
Testimony That Accused Told
Stories That Did Not .
- Agree.
GALLAGHER '1 IS EXONERATED.
instructed to confine himself to the facts
of the case, as- they Appeared in evidence.
When- Riordan started to argue I that
the Mayor-had. no right, to suspend:Wil
liams and appoint Fredrick in his : place
Judge Cook said: " / ' \ •' : 
"It Is not for the court to decide that
question in these proceedings. I That is a
matter to be determined on the /hearing
of the writ of review. All that is now -be
fore this court is whether ¦ Fredrick , is
guilty of a contempt of this court", ,-. ;
i Riordan claimed that he had -the right
Comical Proceedings Mark Investiga
tion by Civil Service Commission. \ \
Charles Gallagher, foreman of the street
paying department of the Board *5f Pub
lic > Works, was . fully exonerated ' last
night by, the Civil Service; Commissioners
in their investigation of the' charges filed,
against: Gallagher by the Pavers' Union.
In : their- - communication , to ' Mayor
Schmitz the; Pavers' Union alleged that-
Gallagher had been guilty _of gross par
tisanship in the recent campaign and
election,. and also, accused him of-Incom
petence, and unfairness to some of the
.men who worked- under him.^ ' :; > V •¦¦
Ex-President Reagan of the Pavers'
Union, who" was a > candidate for the post-,
tion .-held - by . Gallagher, was the % active
man in ¦• the 'prosecution of 'the charges
filed against Gallagher.- An ; attorney was
secured at the last 1 minute by Reagan, and
his; mode' of conducting the examination
of.. witnesses gave the investigation a dis
tinctcomic opera air.' ' --¦¦-¦. '¦' • ,¦
The legal representatives of Gallagher,
did nothing for their client outside of
filing exceptions. All the witnesses
The police- officers who assisted in the,
arrest of William Buckley for the murder
of , George Rice, a non-union machinist,
oh '.the night of October 11 last, had j their
innings in! Judge La wlor's ..court yester
day .--/They gave their testimony with the
same" degree .of positiveness exhibited at
the preliminary, examination ;of :the •. ac
cused,'and; the efforts of the attorneys
for the defense were directed to the task
of securing 'contradictions." This proced
ure : provoked some! bitter .controversies
between counsel. • . ,
; : Charles W. Brown," the officer who ar
rested Buckley as. he was running from
the scene -of'the shooting, occupied the
stand . throughout the morning session.
He denied positively that any! one had
said in his hearing that he (Brown) had
arrested , the wrong man, although at the
preliminary :* examination he . admitted
such a statement might have been made.
He also testified to having had a : con
versation with Buckley in which the pris
oner first denied that he was at the scene
of the shooting, "but subsequently admit
ted that- he was. Buckley stated. to the
witness .that he ran away after Rice was
shot because he feared to get into trouble.
.Police Sergeant Thomas S. Duke testi
fied to having talked with the defendant
at the, police station, at which time Buck
ley made contradictory -statements as to
his . reasons "• for ¦ being in ' the vicinity of
Howard.. and Twentieth streets on • the
night of '.the shooting. Later the witness
went to.the 'County Hospital, where he
took Rice's dying statement, in .- which
the allegation • was made that the man
who 'did the *. shooting . wore • a : light hat. '
When the witness saw Buckley y- again
Buckley told htm an absurd story <^f hav
ing seen two strangers , who were going to
do up, a. "scab."'
Duke was severely .cross-examined 'and
the result waa frequent displays of .tem
per among .counsel .which the court was
called. upon to suppress. \ „*
Lieutenant. William Price testified con
cerning the contradictory stories told* by
Buckley, and Officer Edward H. .Mills tes
tified that -Buckley Informed him that >t
Rice died he (Buckley) "would Hoe placed
in a very bad position.'" , / ,.</
The : trial will be resumed .Monday, - at
which time it is expected -that Some inter
esting, testimony, will. be adduced.
To-Day's News -Letter.
The News Letter, is keeping up itsrepu-.j
tation as the brightest weekly . in the.
."West, - and to-day's- Issue is fairly alive
with all sorts' of good things.^' There are
stories in the Looker-On department on'
Governor Taft of the Philippines land
General Funston, besides a load of gossip' :
about well known citizens. '"The Mother 1
in the.. Magdalen", is a' pathetic story of
low life, touchingly told.\ In direct con-' \
trast is "A- Sloppy Tilt," a delightful j
burlesque on the romantic novel. All the
topics of >-the* day are; well handled, and
the '.Town Crier makes:the wicked -squirm.
"Poor- Trousers With- Only -One. Ley,". ; by,
WaHa,ce Irwln, is a '.pipe dream", worth
reading. ,''-•¦ /'. .:.; .'' ' ¦'¦•-• ¦* . *
§ -Shoe- Repairers^'Ele'ction.;' |
'¦ The Custom Boot and .Shoe. Repairers'
TJnion has elected the following officers:
President, Fred Pederson: vice president,
C. E. Perry: secretary, Georg-e W-. Lewis;
treasurer, David Steinberg; sergeant-at
arms,- J.J.. Wallace: delegate to.the La
bor Council, John Grace. The union .is
making .arrangements to resist the com
petition of the Japanese. -,•'"¦"-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAliL., SATURDAY, JANUARY ? 5, ; 1902.
14
The H.B. a r^ood Dollar Glove---Women buy it
and' keep buying it in preference to $i ;25 \ ones; .some women
have been so enthusiastic over it they say it is as satisfactory
'¦ as .what-tHey usually pay $1.50 for/
If's arioverseam 2-clasp glove, made from selected Italian
lambskin Jhe new spring shades came in- last -week., ;
: Among other $1.00 gloves are ; our\:g>T . ;. : . ¦ '
Misses' 2fC\asp Glove $iloo.
¦r^rAlso. - ' . ¦". ::::... i [ ;' , ,
Pique "Walking Gloves $1.00— 2-claap, imported; very durable; all the staple
2-Clasp Mocha Gloves— Fine imported, pique~style, - with Paris point em-
. broidery r mode, gray. and black : . . # -,. \ •
1 -Clasp Dent Fac-simile Glove $1.OO— For shopping or college wear; oak,
red and Havana; __iH_____ *>
The Neckwear Of f eri tig.
It's a sample line of very, pretty and very popular pieces
our - New York- buyer picked up under their worth. Added
to them are the mussed and crumpled pieces from our own reg- ,
ular stock. No matter how many kinds there are (and there
are many oi them), we have grouped them all ar two prices.
25C. 45C
Worth up to 50c if perfect. Worth up to $1.00 if perfect.
—Jabots and cascades. —Plaited chiffon and liberty silk
—Satin stocks and bows. taffeta and lawn.
—Taffeta stocks and four-in-hands. — Four-in-hands and stocks.
, , . • . - . ¦, -„ L L . ¦ 1T - —Lawn and pique collars. \
-Velvet and taffeta stock collars. —Reveres and. fronts tucked; others
— SiHr and chiffon bows. ; ' . with lace insertion and fancy
—White net reveres and ties.- r.'X'V.v stitching. • *..;: y ;
Imported Castile Soap 5c
Tar Soap 4c. Florida Water 25 c'
. Bristle Tooth Brush 8c. Talcum Powder 4c.
This is the stirring news from the drug section to-day;
¦articles of everyday use and at prices to command immediate
attention. But before we tell you about .them we want to
call your attention to ' |
Badger Hair i Shaving Brush 25c.
: . It's just as good in every way as if you paid 50c. We came across a
little lot of them under their market value and so may you. They have
highly polished bone handles; halt-price now— 25c to-day for the first time.
The Castile Soap at 5c— Is" the Talcum Powder 4c— Is perfumed,
I ' genuine' article. It's white, and. one of the extra values we put
sold everywhere at 10c. Our forward this morning.
i v price,' commencing '.'. this morn- Toilet Soap 25c box— Highly per- \
ing 56. - fumed, violet, rose and lily of the
Tar Soap 4c_Large oval cake for
,; household use.' ,•¦;;;•; v; ; ; V v ties, an A-i quality.
Tooth Brushes 8c — Best bone Violet Blanc Toilet Water 25c j!
7 " handles: " This morning for the 3-oz. bottles, glass sprinkler tops, ¦
-first time, 8c. """ ¦ - a lasting: odor.
| Mnrk*t Street, /W /&g& ®<gg^ j Market Strost.j
I Opposite Golden jSff ~~^r>' — -^7™^" j Opposite Goldsn j
A Cat; Avenue. J ~~^ "^^n{£ 00n f'' i '* n * -^ I Cats Avenue.
— f 6 ' o —6
-..".'., SPECIAL BARGAIN S
SATURDAY,: MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
JAMS, Extra Special. 3 cans. . . . . '.. .25s
Raspberry. Strawberry. Blackberry,
Currant, Gooseberry, Plum,
Quince. Code-Parkwood Canning
Co. Finest quality. Reg. 15c can.
KEROSENE Star Oil, 5-gal can... $1.05
10c allowed for empty can. Regr. $1 23.
SWEEF WINES, Vintage 1892, qt Dot. .256
Port, Sherry. Muscatel. Tokay,
Angelica. Reg. 40c and 50c. By th»
Gal. 90c; res. $1 50. C^
IMP0RTED,Castil3 Soap, 3-lb bar. • • .25c
. Vlrsrln Brand. . Regr. 30c.
CHOICE Point Reyes Batter, special. 37^
2 squares, 75c. Reg. 45c.
FINEST CREAMERY, Our Spaclal. squara 45c
. Our Bvtter sales have Increased
our trade and made Friends. Regr- 55c.
SANA B0SA-RAHCH-E665.'K.:..: 2213
Every Ejrg guaranteed. Reg. C3c.
BESTMiSMESiS, doz ...27^3
Received* daily. Reg. 32%c.
MOCHA ana JAVA. Our best coffee, Ib . .25c
We have the" Best Coffee In the
world. Reg. 35c lb.
NEW S:A ; OVS TEAS, 6 kinds 40:
Reg. 60c and 75c per Ib. I . -
PERFECT BLEACHIN6 SOAP, 7 cakes . -25c
King of all Soaps. It will wash
equally in hard, soft or alkali
¦water. Reg: 6 for 25c. ;
NEW Santa Clara Frencn Prunes, 5 lbs -25c
Large 3ize. Reg. S Iba. 25c. '
McBRAYER WHISKEY, qt bot. .... . . 85c
Old Sour Mash distilled from
selected Grain and Is ' absolutely
pure. Extra special bargain. Reg. $1 23.
. By the gal. $3.0O. Reg. $4.00.
6HIRARDEULTS COCOA, Mb can':.'-.20c
Reg. 23c.
OLIO PURE D'QLIYA, Tgal $|,!5
Finest Imported Olive Oil. ' from .
- Toscana. Italy. Reg. $1.50. Limit 1 can.
WOOD ALCOHOL. Extra Refined, qt bot. 25c
Reg. :40c.
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans ...25c
Or; Palace Brand Cream. Reg.- 10c can.
GhlrardelU's Ground Chocolate, l-lb can 25c
"; Regr. 30c can.
TABLE FRUITS, 2Mb can 125c
Peaches. Pears. Apricots. Eef. 20c.
RED M SOAP; 10 cakes. .25c
Cleanses, Scours and Polishes
Everything. Reg. Be cake.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
¦ Can take advantage of these "special"
sales. "W> ship free of charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask for
monthly pric» list — freo,
1348-1354 -Market Street
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. ?To Branch Storea.
M»^winniii«t««>"" ~" ¦
||||l|pi PARKER'S ji
Mfl^ Balsam j!
* Promotes the growth of tfce halp ; aad ! !
5 gives it tho lustre aucisllldtiess ot youm. $
"¦ S "When ,t&o hair - Is 4 gray or faded IS i
j! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOJL |
.<[ It prevents Dandrnff and hatr fam-n~ V
< ; and keeps tbo scalp clean and healthy. \
DR.MCNULTY:
WEIX-KSOWN AND RKLIAB&E OLD
L Speclallstcvrei Blood Poison, GonorrhoamGleet,
•stricturf.^pniiuul Weakness. Im|M>teDCRau(t tbeir
allied Disorders, lloolc on Discuses of Men. free.
OverCOyears'Pxperietice. Terms reasonable Hours.
9to3(la!ly.K::»to8.;X>ev'g*.ftnndAra.l0tol2.C<>n*uN
tatton free and sacredly confldentiaL Call or address
p. nosooE aiex ui/rxv 3i . »•
ggK Jgearny »t^ Han Francisco. Ca).
Weekly Cal! t $1.00 per Tea?
Imparts that peculiar lightness, sweetness,
and flavor noticed in the finest cake, short
cake, biscuit, rolls, crusts, etc., ex-
pert pastry cooks declare is unobtainable
by the use of any other leavening agent
Pure, healthful, highest in 'strength* .
Tx)-Day's
Bargains;
If took us, all week In jbrder to get
ready for to-day's ', sale, fi We've gone
through all r • our 9 departments, '. selected
goods where the lots are small or, where
sizes are broken; "also^. garments which
are a little mussed from handling— other-
wise In perfect condition. We've placed
• these 'goods on separate tables; many of
them i we've reduced • ]j. ¦'. '¦:¦ > ;
ONE-HALF IN PRICE
HERE THEY CO.
Oft,, For / WOMEN'S " FLANNEL
Oi/VWRAPPERS,. lltted waist lining.
nicely made; regular 75c value.
FZClf For •' WOMEN'S FLANNEL
Ut/t WRAPPERS, made of hvavy
flannelette; various pretty and effective
.'•' styles • and colorings, in ; stripes anil'flg-'
- i ures'; regular ?1 value. - • •-'
Oft-, For rescular ?1 35 .¦WRAPPERS,
.Owv.'.made' of ¦¦ best ¦¦: ; Hannelette, ! 1n
stripes, anrt figures; prettily • trimmed
a with' braids;" flounce bottom. . ~V ¦ '.
QQ> For •• regular • 75c DRESSING
O«7C> SACQUES. of 'grood eiderdown,
fitted back, : hand crocheted ' 'edgei -of
-worsted, silk, ribbon bows, nicely made;
. in all .colors. ;,' ¦ ' ¦
dCkn For . regular / $1 C DRESSING
OcFW' SACQUES, -made: of fine quality"
• eiderdown, .military front; 'trimmed with
• silk ribbon: and '.silk cords. _ v ';-'<¦> .•
4Q- WOMEN'S ' tiERMAN- <• FLAN-
NEL .WAISTS, <ln stripes and flg-
. ures; prettily made and neatly finished;
ii regular value $1 25.- •• . . . <
Q7« WAISTS of best French ' Flannel,
.<J .* V» : trimmed with hemstitchings . and
',' tucks; regular price ?2. •"¦ '¦¦ • • ¦ .- » .-. -. \i -^
-^"Our ¦ regular ?5, ?4 and ?3 WOMEN'S
WINTER, WAISTS reduced • . , . ¦
ONE*HALF. ,
JO-^CHILDREN'S ALL-WOOL
frOW KNITTED SKIRTS, all .colors;
sizes 4 to 16: .'regular price $1. . .
1 0>» BOYS' * FLANNEL . • SHIRT
'I«7L<v WAISTS; all . sizes; . regular
t price 3Cc. ¦ ¦ .x ".¦,.•
We're ' CLOSING OUT our entire . line
of CHILDREN'S WINTER CLOAKS and
DRESSES. ,*<• We're selling: ' - ,.
$2 CO Clilldren's Reefers at. ....... ;.D5J
|3 W Children's long Cloaks at;v.'."..fl.O5
?5 00 Children's lpng Cloaks at.:..;. i.i.oo
$0 75 Children's long Cloaks at. ; . . . .84.00
¦ $1 ; CO 1 Children' a- Winter Dresses : . . ¦. . . OOc
.Cloaks and dresses are In all colors.
. S4 OO CHILDREN'S . "WINTER DRESSES.'
;ALL WOOL : . . ... . ; .~ . . . ...... . . . r.#2X0
, 0ui» Corsst Guarjantee
Gives you protection. . You can wear our
Corsets -¦ 30 days, if/ then ; not satisfactory
< bring .the .worn . corset ! back and we'll re-
t fund your , money. ' • - ¦ -.-. .¦ - - ¦ ...
SPECIALS. v\
/}Qp "'For 'choice of any $i CORSET in
OOythe'store.-,. ,- •'. .. . -y ..¦¦. •-,
I'OQrti; For choice of any.?l 25 CORSET
O»Jv«;in the- store.. - . . • ~
<K1 ¦ ftQ' For cholce of any f2 CORSET
tj7l«Ot-f-;!n. the store.-' •
.-.-:• Call #f or any .regular $1; ?1 . 23 and • $2
Corset and eet ' same at sale price."
; >vV;i/ HOSIERY;' :¦: /¦-.-¦,:
CHILDREN'S " BLACK- SCHOOL^ HOSE
1 in V extra ' heavy/ or , fine rib, double "; knee'
heel, and. toe; regular: price 15c; 1 ¦ _''
sizes 6 to 10. ."On sale>to-dayr... . IIC«
Of»VTPa'r>for regular" 12>^c WOMFN'S
O *- 'A BLACK 7HOSE.'_ "•-¦. ; - ' ;¦ - - <- 4 ¦ . -'
lOV Palr f or regular 20c, WOMEN' S
IX2C blackjhose. ¦-¦.-. x • ¦- . .
9 9 riZ* 1 *"' for - "Tular 35c -WOMEN'S
"6<M,^LACK HOSE. 1 . "/ '< «
'lQC'''- ;For -'-'- WOMEN'S " ALL-WOOL 1
•»*'*-' BLACK HOSE;regular price 35c.
All Hosiery . on sale . are - full finish and
- warranted 'fast, black. -.- '' .'.', .,
WE'RE • OPEN -TO-NIGHT" TILL V 111
:.*...'- -.O'CLOCK. .. .:.% . ;
1212-1214 MARKET ST.j
•¦'ifi'..- ' Botwoon Taylor and Jon23.
Hale's.
Halc'g.