FRESNO, Jan. 28.— Six cases of small
pox: have, been; reported in the vicinity of
Reedley," including that of. Dr.\ Hawkins,'
who has been attending several of the pa
tients. . Dr. Hawkins' condition is serious.
Physician Contracts Smallpox.
PANAMA,";Colornbia,i Jan. 28.'— The 1 Gov
ernment steamers , : Bpyaca, . Chucito • and
General CanipoV -sailed ; f rbin 'I here I this 1
morning, to . make an attempt to break^ the
blockade of; ¦AguavDulce, where the revo
lutionary, fleet was last seen, "and to'; com
municate with General "Castro.
gers ,who! have arrived here report haying
seen ¦ a • 'steamer to win g >. two ? off
Chofrera.: .: The^ Government j has : • sent
strong.; reinforcements^, to. resist' any.' ; at
tack'orivColon. General JPInto^ with, 3000
men, :has'niar cne d : from ; . Call • to Bogota to
reinforce ..the • Government troops . at
capital.-/ -J^/--' .••:''*¦;¦- " ?:''&'? :'";'v :; : : '
/^ COLON,^Colombia, -Jan. 28.— An * impos
ing memorial service ! was) held; 1 in i the ca
thedj'al at -Panama:, yesterday . in'horior' of
General^ Carlos i'Albah",' ''.who ' : Was Skilled
January' 20. duringjthei ; naval^fight 7 in*, the
liarbor ¦ of Panama 1 ;' between 'the : Goverri-
can Trouble Promise Some
| .'[; Exciting Incidents. .';.":
Developments <; in' ; the Central Ameri-
' three , vessels sail ; ; j : •
;..;-. .¦;'.'.,• ; to iCbreak^ a .blockade
Charges Against Governor Murphy.
TUCSON, A. T.,j Jan. 2S.-Advices re
ceived from Washington to-day state that
charges have been filed with ' the Presi
dent against Governor Murphy of Ari
zona. The, charges specially allege viola
"tioris of the law. They were preferred by
President Ives of the Territorial Council
and were presented by Delegate . Smith
of Arizona.- - \ ¦ . ¦'¦ . •
LONDON, Jan. 28.— The Tokib corre
spondent of the Daily Express cables that
over 200 soldiers have been frozen to death
In Northern Japan.
Reported to ? Have Perished
From Cold.
More . Than Two Hundred Men Are
SOLDIERS ABE FROZEN ,
§k®V; IN NORTHERN JAPAN
bored -hard in giving the unfortunates
emergency treatment, but their efforts
were in vain, 'for" all had inhaled flame and
smoke and their bodies in most cases
were blistered by the fierce heat which
they had encountered.
The opposing stage Iine3 to White Horse
and White Pass are having a merry war.
The, farej,was originally $125. but the com
panies commenced cutting fates and now
the' \Vhite. Horse route has shaved It to
$60 to meet the White Pass cut.
John Durand was killed in the shaft of
the Thirty-five Below mine on Hunker
Creek. "The bucket was going up and dis
placed a large stone* which fell upon Dur
and.
Middleton was one of the most ppbular
Government officials here, but had been
leading a life for which he found his
salary Insufficient.
Middleton Had cut his throat from ear to
ear. Before -medical aid could- be sum ¦
moned he was dead.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. - 28.— Columbia
River 'above 'Vancouver, Wash.,' fs closed
'to navigation and to-day no boats left
for upper river points. Floating ice be
low Vancouver interferes somewhat with
river steamers, though regular" trips ara
still being made on the lower^ river. Tha
steamer Undine left this " afternoon for
•Vancouver with the mails, but It is ex
pected a landing will be made several
miles below the town, from which point
the malls will be transferred by stage.
Vancouver ferry across the Columbia is
tied up and all direct communication with
Vancouver la shut off.
Ice Closes Columbia River.
' WASHINGTON. Jan. 28. — Secretary
Long has received a. telegram announcing
that ' Rear ¦ Admiral Lewis • A. Kimberley,
U.;S.;N., retired, -died at West Newton,
Mass., this , morning of .'heart disease.,
Admiral, Kimberley -was selected for ser
vice on; the Schley court of inquiry, but
was compelled to- decline on account of
ill. health. >;'He.;had a. long , and . dislin-'
guished- service in the .United States
navy. He was born in New York • and
appointed "from Illinois, entering the na
fval "service in 1816. .
Rear Admiral Kimberley Dead.
: The British cruiser. Psyche, from Barba
does, and -the United States gunboat Ma
rietta,: from'. Porto Rico, arrived^ here to
day. A strong detachment of Government
troops reached. here to-day from Panama.
ment forces and the Liberals.
Wade is rapidly recovering from the
'wound in his. nVck. 'He is still confined in
the. City: and .County .Hospital under a
heavy guard. The, explosives which were
found, on him after he had been shot by
Officer Robinson were to be used in blow
ing open _the.. safe in the office of the su-
f ngaged.,in searching the,, cheap lodging
houses o' ;the red light, district tryirig^to
¦find'.-, a ,clew to the whereabouts .; of
"BrpTvnie." They are' satisfied that Min
nie. Randolph, the "queen" of the band,
is with him. Since her. alleged husband,
Jack" Randolph, left the city to avoid be
ing sent to jail for robbing a Sixth-street
tailor shop, she has been paying attention
to "Brownie." As she knows of the ex
tensive operations of the. gang, the. police
are anxious to get her, as they are in
clined to. believe that she, will confess
after she is locked up. : A •
•At this Juncture Officer. Taylor, who
heard, the shots/appeared on the scene
and took a hand in the shooting. Seeing
Wade staggering along the street, he
called upon him to halt, whereupon the
robber opened fire on him. Weak from the
loss of blood and unable to further con-
. It is positively .known that "Brownie"
was .wounded, ' as he remarked to one of
his pals, "The — — got me_twice,"
meaning that two of the bullets fired by
Robinson had taken effect.
possession of the pistol and was fired at
by ''Brownie.'.V By this time the three
men who had separatsd from "Brownie"
and his companions hurried back to the
scene and began shooting at Robinson.
As" the brave officer fell mortally wounded
he drew his revolver and returned the
fire, hitting. Wade and "Brownie."
Searching for.i'Brbwnie."
Last night every available detective was
tinue.. the.;. battle,' Wade .dropped, his re
volver and" throwing up hi3 : hands feebly,
r»marke0,V " Ycu've',- got 'me, . . officer, -I'll
"quit." Taylor then seized him and think
ing he was > dangerously hurt, '¦• had/'.him
hurriedly removed to the County Hospital.
While Taylor wasicliasing Wade;' two of
the men "supposed 'Xo bo VKid" / Goucher
and "Denver : ; Jack,'' were ' : assisting
"Brownie" to; get away. .They held' him
by .'he arms and forced him along aa fast
sq-~] his condition would' permit." ..Where
they tookl him is yet unknown. -Captain
Seymour's', men ; are* : satisfied"--' that § after
leaving the ¦¦. scene of : the bloody j 'conflict
• they hurried to some ; lodging-house in tha
"tenderloin" district and put the wounded
man to bed. .'..-•¦" ;'V..;' ". . ' :'•
Detectives l^earn That Officer RGb!hsdn Was Murdered by Six Thue-s
Who Were Returning From; Cypress Lawn Cemetery After f
: Failing in an Attempt to/ Rob the Off icej Safe.
MURDERERS OF POLICEMAN ROBjNSON CARRYING /AWAY A 'v/OUNDED COMRADE -.FROM 'SCENE OF
THE SHOOTING AND xxiiJ SAME GANG FOILED.;IN A RAID ON. CYPRESS LAWN- CEMETERY SEVERAL
¦ HOURS' EARLIER. THE SAME NiGIIT. '; - ': ; - ,.,-X-, ¦ ' •- = , . "\ - " ¦'¦ ¦.¦'¦¦.¦.¦'-¦ -I '/;... '¦¦-.' ' .;¦¦'¦•
When confronted with - proof of his de
falcation, Middleton attempted no ex
cuses and was cool and collected.. When
the; interview was terminated he excused
himself a moment ¦ and stepped from the
room. A. second "later the officers heard
the fall of a body, : followed by groaning.
DAWSONf Jan 27, /via Seattle, Jan. 28.—
Thocas Middleton, chief accountant for
the Yukon Territory, .has committed sui
cide rather than suffer the disgrace of ar
rest .for : embezzlement. He % was a na
"tfve of Leeds," Engl He had been missing
for several days, : during which a thor
ough examination was made of his books
and a shortage approximating: $10,000 was
discovered. A warrant -was issued for
Middleton's arrest. : He was 'found hiding
in an outbuilding and taken to the Gov
ernment onices. * -. ¦_.....
Thomas Middlcton's Heavy •
Peculations.
Suicide Follows the Exposure of
EMBEZZLING KLONDIKE
OFFICIAL. KILLS HIMSELF
Detectives Wren and Dlnan spent yes
terday in going over the ground supposed
to have been covered by the robbers on the
night of the murder of the police officer.
They also drove to the .Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, and interviewed. Gardener Dunn
about the 'attempt to enter the office of
the superintendent. ¦ Beyond learning that
six men were in the gang and that they
held up a belated citizen after leaving the
cemetery the detectives obtained nothing
which would lead to the discovery of the
whereabouts of the desperate criminals.
this city prior to the shooting of
Policeman Robinson. A. well dressed
woman, 1. who is known to the po
lice only as "Ida," and who, it Is claimed,
accompanied them on many r .of their safe
blowing expeditions througriout the State,
assisted the robbers in disposing "of their
booty.' A short time ago "Brownie" and
"Deliver Jack"" broke into a Market
street millinery- store and stole, a mim
&€.r of the choicest hats." Thestolen prop
erty, was given to "Ida."', to dispose of and
she experienced little trouble In selling
it to the denizens of " the tenderloin.
In several instances, it is said, the wo'
man, who -is described as being hand
some and always magnificently * dressed,
carried the tools and explosives when the
gang went out "to do" a safe-cracking
job. This was done for the purpose of
throwing the police off the track in case
they held up any of the band of desper*
ate thieves. .-¦;.;* " :
• Captain ; Seymour is satisfied that
"Brownie" and his companions are
responsible for a . number of hold
ups;- and burglaries' committed in
Guilty of Many Crimes.
* ¦ ¦ ¦*
perintendent of the Cypress Lawn Cem
etery. _Tho police are convinced that he
has . an Eastern record, although he
stoutly maintains that he has never been
out. of the State. - . .
Inside Details of
v the Heinous
Crime.
.. The fire was not seen- until It was under
such headway that sleeping inmates on
the upper floors were cut off. Before the
firemen got on the scene two women and
one man were seen to throw themselves
from windows of the third - floor to'; the
street, below. After the firemen had suc
ceeded in subduing the flames they began
a search of the far rooms and found eight
bodies. The firemen and police officers la-
BOSTON, Jan. 29.— Eight persons, were
killed, three probably fatally burned •
three seriously hurt in Jumping from win
dows and others more or less hurt as the
result of a fire Just before 2 o'clock this
morning in an Italian tenement house on
Fleet street. North End. : Seven of the
dead are adults, three of them women,
and the eighth is a child. The building
was four stories in height. - ¦ ¦ ¦¦•>¦¦
a Fire.
Seriously Injured at
Bight Persons Are Killed and Others
JUMP TROTS. WINDOWS
TO ESCAPE FLAMES
Robinson grappled with him for the
Shooting of Officer Robinson.
The breaking of the glass awakened
David Dunn, the head , gardener of the
cemetery, who was sleeping in the office.
Jumping out of bed he , took a loaded
rifle, which was In the oHIce, and started
after the men. Evidently realizing that
he meant business the safe crackers con
cluded to abandon the attempt to secure
the money of the Cemetery Association.
After . leaving the graveyard the thugs
met a belated citzen, who was walking
along a car track that passes the ¦ ceme
tery, and af^er covering him with their
pistols robbed him of a few dollars an-1
a. silver watch. They then proceeded,
along the track for some distance' as>d
boarded a car coming to the city. They
alighted at Sixteenth street, evidently in
tending to commit additional Vrobbeiics:
Thinking that they might be held up by a
policeman "Brownie," who acted as '. the
ringleader of the gang, suggested that
they separate— three going ahead and the
others walking about half a block behind
them. After they had gone a ; " short dis
tance Oflicer Robinson met the 1 , three man
who were in the lead. Not suspecting that
they were robbers, Robinson allowed them
to pass. When he saw the other three
walking a short distance behind he con
cluded to halt them. Approaching the
desperate fellows Robinson, \- in ¦ a.
voice that was heard by the men wliom
he had passed, asked them, where they
were going. For a reply Brown drew a
revolver and pointed it at the policeman.
Driven Off by a Gardener.
On the night that Policeman Robinson
was shot to death the sextet of desptr
ate men left their lair on Turk street
to blow- the safe in the office of the Cy
press Lawn Cemetery:
Goucher, Brown and Wade were sent
ahead and told to wait for the others at a
certain spot near the cemetery. The oth
ers shortly afterward followed and were
met at the appointed place by Goucher,
Brown and Wade. They went to the of
fice of the 'superintendent and broke the
window preparatory to entering and
blowing open the safe.
inson. In addition to "Km"
Goucher, Jack Wade, alias Daly, and
Frank Brown, alias "Brownie," alias "St.
Louis Frank," whose names have already
been mentioned . in connection with the
murder, there were three others, who arc
said to be Eastern criminals with long
records. ,To the police of New York
and Chicago these desperate fellows are
known as Jack Williams, alias "Denver
Jack," James Riley, alias "Leadville
Jimmy," and a mulatto who Is familiarly
known to his associates as J'Slippery
Sam." Williams anq the mulatto are ex
pert safe-blowers, while Riley is a-"strong
arm" man*. He has served'several terms
in Eastern penitentiaries for highway
robbery. ' , . , ...
F'ROM information received yester
day Captain of Detectives Sey
mour is satisfied that six men in
stead of three were concerned in
the killing of Police Oflicer Rob-
"Went out on" open sea with great suc
cess. My . experiments will continue
every day when weather Is fine."
.As soon as Santos-Dumont returned to
the aerodrome he sent to the President of
the republic of Brazil the following dis
patch:
In the general enthusiasm the members
of the English and American colon'es
have entered into a good-natured dispute
as to which city. London or New York,
would be favored next summer by sen
sational trials of the aeronaut. ••.-•¦-
In order, to facilitate his future landing*
the principality is having constructed in
the bay a wooden jetty, where a floating
guide-rope can be grasped at the moment
of the return of the airship.
In a few moments he succeeded, as he
had. done In the morning, in the difficult
operation of making a landing on the nar
row space between the aerodrome and tb.3
bay. He was congratulated for his skill
and delicate maneuver, but the auronaut,
modestly declining all praise, attributed,
as heretofore, the successful result of his
trials to the protection afforded by . the
medal given him by the Princess Isabel.
Congratulations for Inventor.
At the end of half an hour Santos-
Dumont was seen to turn, describing a
curve with a radius of more than a kilo
metre. He returned in the direction cf
Port d'Hercule, passing alongside the ter
race of the Casino and Traux Pigeons,
where he was loudly applauded.
In the morning Santos-Dumont made
the circuit of the bay" several times, and
in the afternoon ho executed a number, of
revolutions and returned- to the starting
point. The trials in the afternoon wcro
the most important _ and the success cf
the aeronaut surpassed even the success
he achieved In Paris last year. After hav
ing moved about in all directions without
any pitching movement, at a height vary
ing between ten and fifteen metres above
the waves, he went so far out over the
open sea that it was thought for a mo
ment that he had started for Corsica. But
this voyage did not enter into the inten
tions of the aeronaut to-day because his
airship will not be fitted for long voyages
until later. v
Revolutions in Air.
The aeronaut did not give his airship all
the speed of which it is capable. He was
accompanied in the morning by the sloop
Monte Carlo, having on board It3 owner.
M. Cabireau, and In the afternoon by a
steam sloop of forty horsepower from the
American yacht Varuna, having on board
Its owner, Mr. Hlggins, and a number of
passengers.
MONTE CARLO, Jan. 28.-Santos-
Dumont, with hi3 dirigible balloon, made
two excursions over tho Mediterranean
to-day— at 10 o'clock and at 2— amid the
applause of many spectators who had
come from all points on \the littoral.
Among them were Duke Dl^)\no. Prlncipa
and Prlncipessa Russpoli, M. Oliver Ritt,
Governor General of Monaco, and M. and
Mme. Camille-Blanc.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her- '",
aid. Copyrlsht. 1902. by the Herald rub
lishlns Company.
Flaherty, the murderer, was a bartender
ir. Bloomers saloon at 36 Golden Gate
avenue. .He formerly worked in a stable
on the same street and went ' to Manila
with a shipment of horses. He showed
no remoH§ or regret for his dreadful
act and seemed to glory in it. While he
was being- conveyed to the station
, he remarked that Roller deserved
to be dead. Roller was a total stranger
to Flaherty. The tragic death of the
young engraver caused considerable ex
citement In Hayes Valley last night and
deep sorrow was expressed on all sides
for his death.
Flaherty started for the door. Umland.
not believing, according to his story, that
bis friend Roller had been wounded, fol
lowed the murderer to the door trying to
'explain to him that he knew nothing of
the dog. Flaherty turned his weapon on
Umland and fired, but the bullet sped high
above the proprietor's head and buried it
self in the wall,
Oflicer J. A. Crowley " and John B.
Charleston heard the shooting and hurried
to the scene. The last named caught Fla
herty, the murderer, and placed him un
der arrest. He was taken to the City
Prison, where a revolver, two of the
chambers of which were empty, was
found upon his person. Despite this dam
aging bit of evidence, Flaherty denied
absolutely that be had fired the fatal
fehot. Further than that he refused to
talk. . r /.;-;:-
Young Roller was immediately taken to
the Central Emergency < Hospital, but he
died while he was still In the patrol
wagon. It was found that the bullet had
entered his breast, directly below the left
nipple. Roller was one of the best known
and most popular yourg men of- Hayes
Valley, where he was born about twenty
three year* ago. For many years he had
been in the employ of Shreve & Co. -and
was deemed a first-class workman. He
possessed a genial disposition and was
never known to quarrel. He. was a prom
inent member of several fraternal socie
ties.
At this point, when all were terrified by
the sight of the frenzied man wildly flour
ishing a revolver. F. A. Roller caught
hold of Flaherty's wrist and attempted
to get possession of the weapon. With
cruel strength Flaherty slowly and delib
erately turned the revolver until It point
ed almost directly at Roller's heart and
then pulled the trigger. Roller sank to
the floor with a cry. "I'm done for."
When Mrs. Flaherty finished her tele
phoning her dog bad either jumped down
frcm its perch on the chair and run out
of the store or had been enticed out by
one of the customers. The lady looked
about the store for her pet, but could not
find it. She then went outside and called
it by name, but the animal did not put
in an appearance. Believing that the peo
ple In the store had kidnaped her dbg.
Mrs. Flaherty sought the aid of Police
man John B. Charleston, who went Into,
the saloon and asked for the dog. He
was also told that the animal was not
there.
Still unsatisfied, Mrs. Flaherty went to
her husband and told him her troubles.
Flaherty and hia wife returned to the sa
loon. On entering the door Flaherty de
manded the dog and when told the ani
mal was not in|the saloon he drew a re
volver and declared with an oath that if
the dog was not immediately forthcom
ing he would shoot every man in the
place. Flaherty was evidently in a vio
lent, mood and not to be pacified. His
wife tried to calm him, but he only gave
freer rein to his rage.
The murder of Roller grew out of the
loss of a little dog which belonged to
Flaherty's wife. Mrs. Flaherty entered
Umland's saloon shortly after 9 o'clock
last night to secure a pitcher of milk.
She brought with her the dog, which she
placed on a chair while she used a tele
phone in the store. Those who were pres
ent in the store state that she telephoned
to her husband, with whom it appears
Bhe had had some trouble. She remained
at the 'phone for a considerable length ol
time, almost three-quarters of an hour.
Without the slightest provocation, ac
cording to witnesses, Thomas Flahercy,
a bartender in a saloon at 36 Golden. Gate
avenue, deliberately shot F. A- Roller, an
engraver for Bhreve & Co., to death last
night in a saloon at 311 Franklin street.
The murder was committed In the pres
ence of William Umland. proprietor of
the saloon; F. B. Howard, Julius Levyt
Jack Sullivan and two other men who
chanced to be in the saloon at the time.
All the witnesses told the police that the
shooting was cold-blooded and without
the slightest reason. After shooting Roller
Flaherty turned his pistol on Umland. the
proprietor, and flred at him, but tbe bul
let went wide of the mark.
"Brownie" Is Hit
by Bullets
Twice.
Visitors at Monte Carlo Witness Ex
periments and Testify to the
• ¦ ..' Success Achieved by the
Young Brazilian.
Spectators Say Killing Was Unpro
voked—Slayer Is Arrested and
Appears to Glory in
Terrible Deed.
Aerial Craft Obeys Rudder
Over the Blue Med
iterranean.
Missing Dog Causes a Tragedy
in a Franklin-Street
Saloon.
Excursions.
Santos- Dumont-; Makes
Two -Extraordinary
Thomas Flaherty Shoots
and Kills P. A.
Roller.
BARTENDER
MURDERS AN
ENGRAVER
ABOVE A SEA
HIS AIRSHIP
SAFELY SAILS
CONCERNING THE BRUTAL MURDER OF ROBINSON
rHE police received sensational information yesterday in connection with the murder/of ii Policeman ; Roiinson.'.^liey learned that "Brownie,"- whose true .name 'is Frank Brown, alias, "St. Louis
Frank" was shot twice by Robinson and is probably secreted in this city. Minnie. Randolph. is '\-bcUcved^to>.bcjiursing)him. Captain Seymour also learned that three other crooks had a hand in the
murder. Their navies are Jack Williams, alias "Denver Jack"; James Riley, alias "Leadville Jimmy "and!' Slippery Sam," a mulatto. The sextet of brutal thugs were returning from an un
successful safe-blowing exptditicn to Cypress Lawn Cemetery when- they met Robinson. ' „...., \. ..'':¦[]'¦' -.y. '?'.-. -A '^'i'-
POLICE RECEIVE MOST STARTLING INFORMATION
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 60.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNEjSDAY, k JAN UAR Y 29-1902.
The San Francisco Call.LONDON, Jan. 28.— The Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curzon of Kedleston, telegraphs
that the drouth is drying the spring crops
in Bengal, the northwestern provinces and
In the Punjab. The autumn crops are
fair in the provinces of Scinde and in the
Bombay Deccan.
India's Spring Crops Drying.
Any one who Buffers from that terrible
plague, Itchlns Piles, or from Eczema, will
appreciate th« Immediate relief and permanent
cure that comes through the use of Doan's
8 lnt S5 nt - . U £ erer falls - Free Ramplea at
No Percentage Dru* Company. 9*9-951 Market
rt.. south Bide, between Fifth and Sixth San
Francisco, on Friday, January 31 '
Itching Piles,
General Funston, In an interview with
a reporter, said of the investigation con
ducted In Washington recently regarding
the killing of two Filipinos: *
"The | investigation • of General Metcalf e
is in the. nature, of threshing over a mat
ter, already "settled. The whole thing Is
based' on an ; affidavit made by Private
Huskey, formerly of the Kansas regiment.
Huskey swore that he saw Metcalfe shoot
unarmed' prisoners. That was : in March,
lS99.%'.In' March, 1900, Huskey: appeared be
fore a board of. army officers appointed to
Investigate Metcalf e's . connection : with
the affair. . Here he 'stated that the prev
ious 'affidavit was secured from him by a
Kansas officer after the latter .had gotten
him drunk. : Huskey ; said ¦ that ; he signed
a paper,' but had no knowledge of its con
tents. This was the affidavit upon which
the- charge against ; Metcalfe .was based.
He^denled '.every, statement ¦ made in the
affidavit at the hearing in March. 1900."
Funston made the trip to Kansas City
alone and arrived unannounced. He soon
sought out his physician and submitted
to an examination of the wound from
which he has experienced trouble lately.
Whether: or n'dt another operation would
be necessary the physician was not ready
to 'State, saying, that it might be two or
three days before that question could be
determined. In the meantime General
Funston said ho would remain in Kansas
City. He , expressed himself ' as feelinjy
perfectly well. He said that after under
going treatment here and visiting his par
ents, he would return west' in« time to
take>a transport for Manila early in Feb
ruary. ¦ His leave ¦ of absence expires
March 10.- :
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 28.— General Fred-_
erick Funston arrived here to-day from
San Francisco. After consultation with
his physician he^ will continue to Iola,
Kan.; the home of his parents, for a brief
visit. He appeared in good health.
General Funston was indignant at the
hint of a reprimand from 1 the Senate for
General Wheaton. He reviewed General
Wheatqn's long career and j said that he
did not believe in subjugating the Fili
pinos by ."sprinkling them with rose
water." ' ¦;.:*'
"Gentlemen of the jury, we will fight
this out to-morrow morning "at 10:30
o clock. ¦> . ¦'¦--. -> <:-¦¦¦_¦
Mrs. Myers testified that she did not
see any of the mob, but on cross-exam
ination she said that she looked through
the window .and saw some masked men
with one of the prisoners.
Raker claimed that Post was going over
the old ground in the cross-examination
The usual "matinee squabble," .as Judge
Harrington terms it, ensued, but was cut
short by Judge Harrington addressing the
jury, as follows: ¦ \..' '• i
' Mrs. Myers said that her husband tried
to quiet their daugHter. . The Judge said
that if he could get back* he "might save
the old man," meaning Calvin Hall. He
returned to the barroom for . a stimulant
for his daughter, but old Calvin Hall had
been taken to his death. : ,'-\- .
• penter, and returned to ..her bedroom.
1 Judge Myers had gone down stairs and
! her daughter, Mrs. Crowley, was very
I hysterical. Myers returned, and, coming
j up the stairs, said with an oath that he
would kill some of those men down there.
"We women folks,' Mrs. Myers testi
fied, "knew what that meant."
Just what was meant was not brought
out. .
Fails to Save Calvin Hall.
GERMANTOWN, ; Jan. 28.— Henry Pin
gel, a German farmhand 50 years old,
committed suicide here, to-day by shoot
ing himself in the head with a shotgun.
Suicide at Germantown.
Who Will Miss .ThisP
All Wool Men's Suits, worth $18, for
$4.63. These are stylish, neat suits,, yet
$4.65 will buy them at the bankrupt cloth
ing sale of the Boston, 773 Market street,
near Fourth. . •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 28. — L. C.
Hawley was to-day elected treasurer of the
class of 1903.
NO ROSEWATER,
SAYS FUNSTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— By a vote of
8 to 7 the House Committee on Interstate
and Foreign Commerce to-day voted to
report the Corliss bill, providing for a
Government cable in the Pacific.
The bill was amended by a provision
that it shall be operated from any point
desirable on the Coast of California, in
stead of specifically naming San Francis
co. It is further provided that the cable
ehall be of American make and that th»
work of construction shall be under th»
direction of the Postmaster General Sec
retary of War and Secretary of the Navy
The sum of $500,000 is made immediately
available. Chairman ' Hepburn of the
committee was one of those who voted
against the measure and will present a
minority report.
Will Present Minority Report
to th.e House.
Hepburn Votes Against Measure and
COELISS CABLE BILL
ADOPTED IN COMMITTEE
Jan"J 2S.— The War De
partment is. not disposed to take any ac
tion respecting General .Whea ton's utter
ances, which were quoted in the Senate
yesterday. This is because the officials,
after studying, the Manila dispatch, in
which General Wheaton was quoted, are
satisfied that the . debate In the Senate
proceeded upon an entire misapprehension
of what General Wheaton was reported
tohave said. ¦ It was found that General
Wheaton did not criticize the United
States Senate or its committee, and it is
thought at the department that the mis
apprehension on that score arose from a
general statement in the dispatch attrib
uting such criticisms to : other persons
than General Wheaton. ¦•¦.: .-•:. . :
Wheaton Not to Be Reprimanded.
BERLIN, Jan. 28.— Herr Spahn, in be
half of the Centrists, interpellated the
Government in the Reichstag to-day re
garding the attitude the Bundesrath was
likely to adopt toward the bill passed in
February! 1899, ..rescinding the Jesuit ex
clusion law. .
• . Count von Posadowsky-Wehner, the Im
perial Secretary of State for the Interior,
who replied in behalf of the Imperial
Chancellor, referred to the deeply rooted
apprehensions of : the' Protestants in re
gard to. the re-admission of the Jesuits
into Germany and to the necessity for ths
most mature consideration. . He said the
Bundesrath's decision might be expected
during the present session.
Question.
tion in Eeply to a Bsichstag
German Minister Makes an Explana-
OPPOSES EE- ADMISSION
OF THE . JESUIT OBDFR
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S.— Senator Nel
son's bill creating a Department of Com
merce, which passed the Senate to-day,
was amended in -Various particulars.
Probably the most important of the
amendments was one changing the title
to read the Department of Commerce and
Labor. It pro\ ides for a secretary, who is
to be a member of the Cabinet, an assist
ant secretary, and also the other officials
and clerks necessary. The proposed de
partment is especially charged with the
collection and distribution of statistical
information and with the development and
fostering of foreign and domestic com
merce. In the department there is to be
a new bureau of manufactures and many
bureaus now included in other depart
ments are transferred to this hew depart
ment, including the life-saving service,
the lighthouse service, the marine hotpi
tal service, the steamboat inspection ser
vice and the bureau of navigation, ship
ping and immigration, as well as the con
trol of the fisheries and the Chinese ex
clusion questions, all now within the ju
risdiction of the Treasury Department;
the Fish Commission and the Census Bu
reau. The department is also given juris
diction over the consular service so far
as it pertains to commerce.
Senate Provides for De
partment of Commerce
and Labor.
BILL CREATES
NEW PORTFOLIO
Dr. Carroll was taken to the peniten
tiary and confined there a, short time,
when he was released by -order 'of Gov
ernor Benitz Leala. The trial of the case
will be held within the next few days.
Dr. Carroll denies the charge. He had
ljust returned 'from a visit to his old home
in Ohio when -.the arrest took place. Ho
says that -he s was' not. In 'Mexico on the
date Gonzales -alleges the assault oc
curred. ¦ ->;
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 2S.— Word reached
here to-day of the arrest at Monterey,
Mexico,' of Dr. Phillip • United
States Vice. Consul at thatplace. . His ar
rest is the. result of a charge of 'assault
made against him by Antonio Gonzales,
a Mexican.' >¦
Eepresentative of United States Gov
ernment Taken to Prison for >
Alleged Assault.
MEXICAN OFFICIALS
AKE.EST A VICE CONSUL
Washington— John Barker, Seattle, ap
paratus for raising sunken vessels; George
L. Gay, Spokane, sprinkling attachment
for hose nozzles; Ernest Kiene, Spokane,
necktie fastener; Ephraim W. Livermore,
New Whatcom, fish trap; John R. Mahana
and A. I. Robinson, Kelso, clasp for gar
ment supporters; Marcus C. Patrick, as
signor to J. F. Howie, Seattle, combined
lock and latch. .
Oregon — Geary Kimbrell, » Pendleton.
entasisograph; Charles W. Reed and J.
Hakel, Hood River, pruning shears; Wes
ley R. Stearns, Portland, electric signal
mechanism for overhead trolley systems.
These patents were issued to-day: Cali
fornia — Albert IC Andriano, assignor to
Automatic Inter-connection ' .Telephone
Company, San Francisco, switching
mechanism for inter-connecting telephone
lines; Charles F. Butte, assignor to P.
C. F. Butte, San Francisco,' automatic
electric switch, same, self-ejecting plug
for telephone switchboards; Albert Es
pinos, assignor two-thirds to T. Ruiz and
F. Esperanza, Ventura, plant thinner;
Mordecai P. Freeby, Los*Angeles, adjust
able mold for linotype or other metal cast
ing machines; Mads E. Hansen, East Oak
land, detachable heel for boots or shoes;
Martin Hansen, Livermore, barley bearder
and 'cereal polisher; Archie-O. Hayes and
E. C. Hemphlll, Los Angeles; perforating
attachment for printing presses; . Robert
H. Postlethwaite, assignor to Risdon Iron
and LoconSotive Works, San Francisco,
excavating mechanism for dredgers; Gar
wett H. Rheutan, San Francisco, assignor
one-half to R. B. Lincoln, Waltham;
Mass., steam generator (2); Frank N.
Spear, Los Angeles, fuel feeder for fur
naces (reissue); William Terry, Oakland,
rock drill chuck; George Tucker, San
Francisco, beam compasses.
Navy orders announce that Rear Ad
miral L.. Kempff is to be detached as ju
nior commander of the Asiatic station on
reporting his relief and will come home
to wait orders. Lieutenant R. F. Lopez
is ordered from the Oregon to the Pen
sacola. Lieutenant J. H. Roys is ordered
from the navy-yard at Washington to the
Asiatic station, via the China from Sau
Francisco February 7.
Washington: Original— Albert R. Leake,
Seattle, $ti. War with Spain— Walter V.
Cotchett, Seattle, $17. . .
Oregon: Increase^ — Christopher Lehman,
Albany, $30; Reuben Kromling, Hubbard,
$12.
These pensions were granted: Callfor-'
nia: Original~-Samuei P. tKnight, Oak
land, $S; Francis Bettziche, San Francis
co, ill); Charles R. Gainow, Cool,"'" #5;
twenty years' service, Arthur Rice, .Sara
toga, $20. War with Spain— Michael J.
Crcwley, San Francisco, $8; Charles C.
Love, Soldiers' Home, Santa Monica,- $17;
Thomas D. Draper, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $10; John J. Scoville, San. Fraaci*
co, $10. Widows— Margaret A. DH>e, Lom
poc, $8; minor of James N. Johnson, San
Jose, $10. » ' •'
Free delivery service will be established
February 1 at Visalia, Cal., with three
carriers and one substitute, and North
Yakima, Wash., with two carriers ¦ and
one substitute; also at Petaluma. Cal.,
June 1, with three carriers and one sub
stitute. . • - • ., 7
Granted.
'WASHINGTON. Jdh. 28.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced the fol
lowing: Poatoffiees established: Califor
nia— Maricopa, Kern County, John G. Mc-
Elvaney, Postmaster; Polaris, Nevada
County,. David M. Dysart, Postmaster.
Washington — Frontier, Stevens County,
Marion A. Rush, Postmaster. Postmas
ters appointed: California— William Brad
ford, Hemet. Riverside County, vice Ora
Warren, resigned. Oregon — Henry Wak
erlig, Bake. Oven, Wasco County, vice
Ellen Burgess, resigned.
and More New Pensions
Changes Made. in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The prosecution asked that William Mc-
Clure, a very feeblp old man from Round
Valley, subpenaed by the defense,- to tes
tify as to the bad character of .'.'Bob"
Courtwrlght, be allowed to appear at
once, so that he might return home. -The
defense objected, but the court ruled that
McClure might take the stand. The wit
ness testified that he -had known Court
wrlght ' twenty-five years : ago - and ' knew
nothing against .him,", nor ;had '.he 'ever
heard any one -else speak ill of "old Bob.",
Mrs. Myers, wife of Judge Myers, one
of the defendants, and the mother of Mrs.
Ollie Gibbons, who testified several dayb
ago, was called to the stand. She told of
the happenings in the upper part of My
ers' . hotel on the night of the lynching,
substantially- as recounted by her daugh
ter. After having been alarmed by." the
trampling • of feet . in the barroom below,
she awoke her son-in-law, Erving Car-
L/C. Carpenter of Lookout, father of
Erving Carpenter, constable of that place,
was called to the stand this . afternoon.
He was questioned regarding the trial of
the Halls, Daniel Yantis and Martin.Wil
son, held in Trpwbridge's Hall on May
27, the prisoners being charged with theft.
He was asked as to what various persons
present had said, but these ques
tions were objected * to, . particularly
one as. . to what the aged Calvin
Hall had said. Judge Harrington re-i
marked that Hall was dead and
could not appear ' to ' contradict the wit
ness. The court several times admonished
Raker not to put words into the mouth
of the. witness. - ; -- -.' ; • . -
Court Cautions Lawyer Raker.
During this little scene the denfense
constantly made remarks regarding '.'the
twelve good men and true" in the jury
box. Judge Harris was especially active
In this regard and he was admonished by
the court to act as a gentleman and law
yer and to "stop playing to the gallery."
Spencer — It is false. "Whoever told you that
lied, and I will tell him so in spite of all his
guns. . ¦
- Raker— The man who said that Is a deliber
ate, malicious, willful liar, and I object to the
'remarks of Mr. Post. They are made for ¦. the
benefit of the jury.
Post — I may prove it later by putting a wit
ness on the stand. ,
Post — You'll get it, then. I did not care : to
bring the matter up. 'but as long as you ask
It. I will state that I have been told that the
defense has two jurymen who will not convict
under any circumstances. . . ¦ ; ¦ •
Post, with a suggestive Inflection — I under
stand you have expressed great confidence , as
to the outcome of this case.
Raker — Your Honor,- we demand an explana
tion of General Post's remark. - \ -..
Spencer — We'll show how much it is worth
before we get through. '
Post — To get a confession, and we got it.
Post — Is it not a fact you were afraid John
Hutton was going to make a confession .and
you .were trying to prevent him making It? ,
Spencer — What did you keep Hutton there
for?
.Spencer — I suppose a man has a right
to watch those villains who fixed up that per
jury and put in here as evidence.' . . .'. "
Parks heard Goyette, Brown and Car
penter talking about the lynching, but did
not pay attention to their conversation,
because he always minded his own busi
ness and it did not interest him. .
, Parks was asked to make some expla
nation of his testimony before the Grand
Jury, but the- ground did not develop as
Post evidently expected, Parks giving sat
isfactory explanations to an apparently
contradictory statement made before that
body. Post asked Parks regarding his
doings on January 2, when, it is alleged,
Parks, Jerve Kresg, Henry Knox and oth
ers watched Stewart's Hall, in. this town,
for the purpose^ of heading off UutLon.
who had been- taken • there by friends for
the purpose of getting his confession.
Parks said he could walk anywhere , he
pleased as long as he behaved himself;
that he suspected "some dirty work go
ing on," though he said with positiveness
that the real reason he went on the upper
porch* of Stewart's Hotel was to get a
good view of the town. Asked why he
and his companions . followed Attorneys
Sturtevant and Boyd that night: the wit
ness said that "when a ' man sees fellows
prowling around after dark he ¦ wants to
know who they are." ;
Quarrel Ends in Sensation 7 .
Later Parks said that if masked men
had come for him he would have thought
to himself that "here goes nothing."
"Well, if they hanged five men, one or
two more would not make any differ
ence."
Asked why he had declined' Frank Te
treau's invitation to • view the bodies
hanging. to the bridge, Parks testified
that he was afraid he would be . shot or
hanged. Post asked why he was afraid,
and witness replied:
•The cross-rexamination of Samuel Parks
was resumed this morning. Parks* im
pudent demeanor, so manifest yesterday,
was again apparent to-day. His story of
the happenings at Myers'. .Hotel and vi
cinity on the night of the lynching was
continued and generally agreed well with
the testimony he offered on direct exam
ination, though his memory seemed to
fail him on one or two apparently impor
tant points. What appeared to be the
most glaring discrepancy in his recital
was his testimony to the effect that after
dressing he' went downstairs, passing
through, the barroom and out on to the
porch of the hotel, where he saw "Jim"
Brown, the defendant, and Erving Car
penter, the Constable, and "no one. else."
The witness returned to the barroom al
most immediately and found Judge My
ers getting .some liquor for his daughter,
who was hysterical. * .••" /
Myers had testified that as he came
downstairs to get a drink for his daugh
ter he saw masked men taking Calvin
Hall to his execution.. The question is,
if Samuel Parks was on the porch, as he
testified, why did he not see the masked
men and old Calvin Hall as they left . the
prtmises. -••-.- .• . . . . • -- *.¦
Witness Parks Impudent.
For weeks there have been rumors that
the defense, secure In the knowledge thai
certain members of the jury could be re
lied upon to find for the defendant, has
been seeking simply to prolong the trial
in order that Modoc County might' be
bankrupted and public sentiment so
aroused as to lessen the chance of any
of the other suspects being brought to
trial. ' Friends of the lynchers have de
clared openly that there .was no 'possi
bility of a conviction and that the tax
payers were being made to bear the enor
mous costs of the trial for naught. Post's
statement to-day will at least, have the
effect of checking boasting: of this char
acter. It is hinted that the next man ar
raigned at the Alturas bar may-be one of
the twelve now : weighing ;. the g evidence
against Brown. 1 '•
.ALTURAS, Jan. 28.— Angered by. the ex
asperating- remarks of counsel for the.de
fense, Assistant Attorney General Post
to-day made a sensational declaration dur
ing the trial of James W. Brown, the al
leged Lookout lyncher. It was that the
prosecution had evidence that at least
two of the Jurors were pledged to bring
in a verdict of "not guilty," no matter
how strong the testimony against the
mob leaders might be. Post went even
further, declaring that the prosecution
expected to call a witness to the stt»nd to
prove this statement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Expects to Call a "Witness Who "Will
Tell of Promises Made to
Friends of the Alleged
Lynchers.
Decfares That at Least Two
Men Will Vote for
Acquittal.
The Platt amendment attached' as an ap
pendage to our. constitution chained the Cu
bans 10 this country to such an extent that
we are powerless to help ourselves or to de
velop our internal life, because the pathways
for dealing with outsiders are closed to us.
Therefore, Cuba must starve if necessary with
out even the right to ask for relief. It has
been said here that the Cubans have the cheek
to knock at your door for alms, like beggars.
The Cubans will be eternally- grateful to you
for giving us our liberty, even with, the Platt
amendment, but that does not mean that we
are eternally forbidden to Come to you ariii
that your final word has been said in Cuba.
As we have no personality, at whose doora
shall we knock? . > , ¦
Representative^Dalzeir and Representa
tive Grosvenor took part in the discus
sion, stating that the Injury to the domes
tic producers had been shown by this
and other witnesses. F. B. Machado,
head of the delegation of Cuban planters,
said in part: *--¦ • -.:¦¦-. • ;.•••*¦•-
Representative Hopkins of Illinois ques
tioned the witness as to whether any con
cessions to Cuba would" injure the beet
sugar industry. Carey declared that in
jury in such case was inevitable. • Hop
kins said Carey's assertion of injury to
the beet sugar was only an assumption,
and he expressed the belief that a reduc
tion could be made of a certain percentage
without destroying the bee^t sugar indus
try. •...-¦ y-y-J \;;> ¦••¦•; ..,-; . :'•>,?>; ¦.• ;.
, A bubble 'which had been pricked, he
said, ;was that Cuba was suffering from
starvation/ ' This idea had been indus
triously" encouraged by the pamphleteering:
of the sugar company, and yet the claim
had been torn to pieces during these hear
ings. • .
F. M. Carey of Colorado : spoke of the
development of the beet sugar industry
of Colorado and its bright prospects, if
not endangered by Cuban concessions,
which, he asserted, would redound to the
great advantage of the American S Sugar
Refining Company. The present move
ment, he said, was only another chapter
in the inevitable conflict between the do
mestic sugar, producers of this country
and the refining company, the latter seek
ing to crush the former.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.-The • Cuban
reciprocity hearing's were resumed to-day
before the Ways and Means Committee
of the House 'with' delegations represent
ing the beet sugar industry of Colorado
and a number of Cubans representing the
planters of the island in " attendance.
When the discussion finally was ended
for the day the Chairman felt»called upon
seriously to admonish the Senators that
the rules of the body had not been ob
served. Such an admonition has not been
made by the presiding officer of the Sen
ate in many years. •• . :
One of the sharpest colloquies of the
session was between Senators Spooner of
Wisconsin and Senator Tillman of South
Carolina. The race-problem involving- the
lynching of negroes, was interjected into
the controversy.: and much feeling was
manifested by both Senators. The Sena
tors in their excitement seemed for the
moment to have forgotten the subject of
the debate. The Chairman . (Frye) was
able with difficulty, to maintain order..:
Senator Lodge, at • whom the taunts
seemed to be aimed particularly, hurried
ly crossed from his seat in the center of
the Republican side to the main aisle of
the Senate and passionately challenged
the statement of the Colorado Senator
and demanded that he withdraw it. . Sena
tor Teller so modified the statement that
hostilities were averted..-; ¦•
Irritation was aroused on both sides of
the chamber and once or twice personal
encounters ¦ between Senators seemed Im
minent. Once, when Senator Teller
taunted the Republican Senators by de
claring that they knew the "statements
made in a recent dispatch from Manila, in
which General Wheaton was represented
as criticising the opponents of the Gov
ernment's policy in the Philippines, were
true, half a dozen Republicans were on
their feet in an instant. . ..'¦
Acrimony in Senate debates is not infre
quent, but it has been years since there
has. been such a hurricane of bitter vitu
peration, of personal taunt, of ugly
charges and of unmodified criticism, as
occurred to-day. : Not since the discus
sion of the resolutions leading up to the
Spanish- American war has any scene oc
curred in the Senate chamber comparable
with to-day's. Even that debate lacked
so much personal bitterness.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.-A Philippine
storm was central- in the Senate chamber
to-day for nearly three hours, but was
void of definite results. At times it looked
very serious and the spectators who
thronged the galleries watched it with
breathless' interest.
Colorado Man Tells of Beet
Sugar Industry's Devel
opment.
Presiding Officer Administers
a Rebuke to Leg
' islators.
State's Attorney Makes
Startling Charge in
Alturas. ' -V
Congressmen Hear More
Arguments on Tariff
Issue.
Statesmen Engage in Re
markably Acrimoni-
OUS Debate.
SAYS JURORS
ARE PLEDGED
TO DEFENSE
CUBAN TALKS
OF RECIPROCITY
BITTER WORDS
IN THE SENATE
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1902. :
2
To-day Paine's celery compound stands
without competition for feeding exhausted
nerves and building up the strength of tha
body. It cures radically and permanently.
The nervous prostration and general de-
bility from which thousands of women
suffer so long that it finally gets to be; a
second nature with them — all this suffer-
ing and despondency can be .very soon re-
moved by properly feeding the nerves and
replacing the unhealthy blood by a fresh-
er, more highly vitalized fluid. A. healthy
Increase in appetite ani a cprrespondfris
gain in weight and good spirits follow
the use of Paine's celery compound. - •
No remedy was ever so highly recom-
mended, because none ever accomplished
so much.
gave to his profession a positive cure for
sleeplessness, wasting strength, dyspep-
sia, biliousness, liver complaint, neural-
gia, rheumatism, all nervous diseases and
kidney troubles. For all such complain la
Paine's celery compound has succeeded
again and again where everything else
has failed. '
Paine's celery compound makes people
well. It is the one true specific recog-
nized and prescribed to-day by [ eminent
practitioners for diseases arising from a
debilitated, nervous system.. Prof, Phelps
In view of the overwhelming testimony
to the value of Paine's celery compound
that has recently appeared from men and
women' of national reputalon, the, picture
of Prof. Phelps is particularly interesting.
His unusual talent soon brought him.
reputation and prominence among' his
professional brethren. First he was elect-
ed to the professorship of anatomy and
surgery in the "Vermont University. Next
he was appointed lecturer on materia
medica and medical botany in Dartmouth
College. The next year he » was chosen
professor of the chair then vacated by
Prof. Robby, and occupied the chair, the
most important one in the country, at the
time when he first formulated • his most
remarkable prescription.
world, and made his life an era in the
practice of medicine.
Prof. Phelps was born in Connecticut
and graduated In medicine at Tale. .'
glPPI®! RUPTURE,!
v&$&£'h&< CuRED fc y t)r.Pierce's m
ft it. Comfort &M
iJ-^'^/KSV' eecnrit y ! A Perfect Retainer. Em
U /j»\ TV.^' <loes *^° work! *&" Call or Bw
% /V>/V y "te/g./gy for "booklet no 1" m$t
Address: Magnetic E. Tress Co- CSl
206 Post Street, San Francisco. Cal j&i
or 1145 Broad\vay, New York, Mention tlil» p»p« ESm
,To Cure Grip" in* » wo Days.
Laxative : Bromb-Qulnlne removes the ¦ cause.
K. W.\ Grove's signature on, every box J •
T
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
* tor and Nervine. '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic, for the Sexual Organs, for both «e«a
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
NiBEK, ALFS &BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents,
931-933 Market Street.
BRANCH-65I BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
B A J A CAL I FO R N I A
Damiana Bitters
m CHICHKTIR-a ENGLISH
Pennyroyal-pills.
&*r*^*fS&\ ia , ? ED " 4 <J S. W »»taU»« box... k\m
j£k SS; h£s «"* Wtt * rt »"» n - Take »o other. Kefu**
I / , QTS"** **7"y nrDn ai*- <*—****•>*
•\« f . ff f" 4 gell^T tmr I^41m," teMMr.b/r*.
-A^__./r taraMaU. 1 i».O«O TwnImoDUli. Soldbr
Z.1JZZ.J, •"DniMi.M. CkJokaatw Chemical Cal
Eczema
/.ADVERTISEMENTS.
'-'. * } _ - |^ "Like the voice of an angel pervading the air.
J P £ The trill of x a songster— (he Everett is
& k fV there." ¦ \, , V
jfl^. f*^ II j |f|° X Th e Everett piano is used exclusively
Q j J ©• '¦' \ k y the divine Nordica, who is soon to
• «f t W_ appear in Sai\ Francisco.
\S ~ t{ Gabrilowitsch, the great pianist, says:
*r "I am willing "to risk .my reputation
• with the Everett." . "
Eurmcister says: "The Everett is a rare combination of sonorous and
pure singing tone."
Otto Floersheim claims that the "Everett is a revelation in modern
piano acoustics and scientific tonal research."
The Everett piano is warranted under a signed guarantee throughout the
entire lifetime of the piano— longer than the average of human life.
It" was the . world-famed discovery by
Prof. Phelps of an infallible cure for, those
fearful His that result from an impaired
nervous system and • impure blood which
has endeared the great ; doctor to the
The story of the life-work of this giant
among men has been often told and'is
familiar to most readers.- The likeness
above is probably the -best portrait of him
yet printed. V : . . . . .
"In every walk of life, among the high-
est officeholders at Washington, in the
homes of the best people in the large cit-
ies, among the every-day folks of the
country, families In comfortable circum-
stances, families that 'live from hand to
mouth,' and could not, if they wished, af-
ford the services of any but an ordinary
physician— everywhere I have met people
to whom Paine's celery compound has
been a blessing."
"Excepting its handful of magnificent
statesmen and its military heroes," says
the most recent writer upon .America,
"the people owe more to Dartmouth's
physician-teacher than to any one man.
+ - The •; suffering from it is sometimes in-
£«l e; l^K •' applications' are resorted to-
they mitigate, but cannot cure. <
.It proceeds from humors inherited or ac-
quired and persists *until these ha*j been
; removed. • - ; ¦ , • ,
liood's, Sarsapdriila
positively ¦ removes them, has radically
; and permanently cured the worst cases, and
Is without i an equal « for ' all cutaneous
eruptions. •-¦-•¦/' v •-¦•-. •'
Hood's Pills are the best cathartic. Price 25 cental
'"* ? ow l } redden s the skin, itches, oozes,
dries and scales! - .,. . . .'
Some people call it tetter, milk crust or
salt rheum.
PAINE'S CELEEY ! COMPOUND.
Discoverer of Paine's Celery Compound, to Whom Thousands
Owe Life and Perfect Health.
\A I % toPi ¦ ¦ ¦ 1331 \Jr m a B B B3B BH ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦• *& fa \S3sr u
Paine's celery compound is the most re-
markable medical achievement of this
generation.
ADVESTISESrXNTS.
My RHEUHATISn CURE is Just as
certain to cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thirst. No matter what
L part of the body the pain may-be in
or whether it is acute or chronic.
nUNYON'S RHEUAATlSn CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— flUN YON.
Mucyon's Dyspepsia Cere will cere any case of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
XCinetT per cent, of kidney complaints, including
the earliest stages of Bright'* Disease, can be cured
".rith Mur.j-on's Kidney Cure.
Munyon'sCatarrhCurewill cure catarrhof the head,
tl.roat and stomach. 00 matter of how long standing.
Nervous afiectionsaad diseases of the hrartarecoa-
Crolled and cured bvMunvon'sNerve andHcartCurc.
Mur. yen's Cold Cure «rill break upany form of cold.
Munron'e Vitolizcr restores lost powers to weak
men. Price tu
» The G aide to Hrollh (free) tells about diseases
and their cure. Get it at any dru.c store! , The Ceres
we ail on sale thrre. ir.octiy at 25 cents a viaL
, M unyon. New York and Philadelphia, ,
Wmoys IMULEB CUKES CAT1BEH.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the ,
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway. -
Through Sleepers Daily
-San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago. New Tork. Boston and all
Kastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address •- ."*
U M. FLETCHER*
Pacific Coast Agent,
126 California «t.. San Francisco. Cal.
BR.PIERCES
GOIDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.UJMGS.
I A Flash of Light
M In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
I California Lsmited
pj gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from - |
H San Francisco to Chicago In three days '''¦. *
;!£jJ£JgF injection. J;
V A PERMANENT CURE J
J t of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhces $
2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
c days ; no other treatment required. jj
< Sold by all drnggitts. £ S
— : ; -,,, f,. .-Nearly fifty police officers, all members
of Lletuenant Birdsall's old command,
were present when the signal to fall in
was given. An especially rich menu had
been prepared and It Is needless to say
THE members of Company A, Sec
ond Division of the police force,
gave a banquet in honor of Lieu
tenant George Birdsall at one of
the rotisseries yesterday.
This was the first function of th© sort
ever given by .the police as a body to any
one in authority In police circles in this
city, but it having received the sanction
of Chief of Police Wittman, there was
nothing to mar the full pleasure of the
occasion for all who participated. The
dinner was in honor of Lieutenant Bird
sall, who. after years of efficient service
in the- lower part of the city, has been
transferred to new fields of operations at
the City Hall. His successor Is Lieuten
ant Martin and the appearance of the lat
ter at the banquet board was the signal
for a Kenuine ovation.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 2T. — The steamer
Charles Nelson arrived to-day from San Fran
cisco with 1000 tons of barley, the first to be
fcrouchi this var la UTaral-raan.
Frazer's body was so "frightfully man
gled and dismembered that It bore no re
semblance to a human form. -¦-.
His : efforts availed him nothing. The
cowcatcher on the engine .passed over the
body; the man was then, In some way
caught by a bolthead on or near the axle
of the. small wheel. He was dragged over
the ties a distance of seven miles
the force of the blows constantly received
tore him loose. , .
SEATTLE, Jan. 28.-A. Frazer, a North
ern Pacific section employe at Leary, met
a horrible death on Sunday night. Dur
ing the greater part of Sunday he had
been drinking in Leary. In the afternoon
he left town and started southward, walk-
Ing along the railroad track. When two
miles south of Leary he fell through \ a
cattle guard on the track and was unable
to extricate himself.. As. night came on
he was still in his perilous position A
Seattle-bound freight train was due about
that time, and signs about the cattle
guard tell all too plainly of the half-intox
icated man's attempts to wrench himself
free., . ••. . • ¦ '.:'-.¦ ¦_..,,-.,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELD PRISONER
IN DEATH'S PATH
Bakulicli's Flow of Oratory.
.V. N. Bakullch, the biggest man on the
At the head of the table sat Lieutenant
Birdsall, flanked by Sergeants H. H.
Christiansen, J. J. Burnett and J. H.
Helms. A jplace of honor had been re
served for Chief of Police Wlttman, but
he was unavoidably absent. He was not
forgotten, however, for a standing toast
was drunk in his honor.
During the courses speech-making was
the rule and. at this task the officers
showed themselves to be more than mere
novices. Lieutenant Birdsall in respond
ing to a toast said that he left his old
command with genuine regret and that he
was certain he would never be associated
with a more gallant body of men In the fu
ture. He paid a tribute to the police force
as a whole and said its like was not to be
found elsewhere within the whole United
States. At the conclusion of his remarks
the officers present stood and drank a
toast to their departing commander.
Sergeant Helms, who succeeds Birdsall,
expressed himself in fitting language
when called upon. He said he • entered
upon his new duties with the full con
sciousness that his predecessor was a man
of rare talent whom It would be impos
sible for him to surpass. He hoped, how
ever, that he would do as well in part,
and with the support of the command the
interests of the city and department
would not be neglected. Sergeant' Helms
was given three cheers with a, hearty
good :wilL , ;%¦ ,¦ . v, ¦;.; ;< ¦VA-.;.-.'
Officers Slake Clever Speeches.
that the members of Company A did the
good things full justice. It was an occa
sion where good fellowship and fraternity
made themselves manifest In. the expres
sions of good will heard on every' side and
in the heartfelt wish that Lieutenant
Birdsall might be known to the world as
captain within the next three months.
The "bobbles" were on their metal and
they acquitted themselves as dignified
gentlemen who are in more ways than
one the real guardians or the peace of
San Francisco.
" Lieutenants Birdsall and' J. B. Martin, Ser
geants ¦ J. J. Burnett and ¦ H. ¦ H. Christiansen
Officers H. P. Bralg, C. Collins, R. Conner*.
R. P. de Guire. F. 1 W. . Engel, - W. H. Helns,
H. S. . Hutchlngs, P. M. Klssane, r>. Murphy
P..H. McGee, J. J.. McShane, j. B. O'Connor
J. J. Reavls, F. W. Bobl, D. A. Sylvester, W.
Coleman, C. E. de BIols. J. Hayden C Har
rlgan, A. O. Juel.J. H. Pearl, K. R. Wall
John Edwards, John Evatt. J. J. Amend 'V
N. Bakullch, S. V. . Bunner. P. S. Chappelle.
J. Duane. B. W_ Gardiner, E. C. Gould F ' P
Green, T. W. Handley, J. P. Herlihy,- A.' E:
Holmes, F. ; McGrayan. ' J. D. McLane W
MInahan, M. J. Morris, R. L. Morton, P. J*
O'Brien, P. A. Peshon. E. G. Ring O H
Roediger. R. N. Silver. R. '. G. Skain, 'p. Sul
livan, J. K. Ward, C. - Cregan, D. Hogan W
Callahan and J. H.Kramer.. . "cr „ '
force, spoke feelingly of the loss sustained
by the command in the transfer of Lieu
tenant Birdsall, and J. J. Reavls . ex
pressed the hope that more meetings like
the present' would be held in the future.
Sergeant Christiansen said he hoped to be
able to call Birdsall "captalnV within two
months, and Officer J.Daune, designated
as "the Broadway Scooper," echoed the
same sentiment. J. E. Ward, the "Adonis
of the force," made appropriate, remarks
and E. C. Gould paid a tribute to the de
parting lieutenant. Addresses were made
by J. D. McLane, Sergeant Bunner, 1 P;* H.
McGee, E. C. Gould and others. The ban
quet was in charge of J. J. Reavls and
A. E. Holmes as s the r committee of ' ar
rangements. Those present ' were: .
SOME OF THE FACES SEEN AT THE BANQUET GIVEN IN HONOR OF POLICE LIEUTENANT BIRDSALL
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON BY THE MEMBERS OF COMPANY A, FIRST DIVISION,' WHICH WAS UNTIL
RECENTLY COMMANDED BY THE GALLANT OFFICER. .
In a statement this afternoon Hiram
W. Johnson, attorney for Mrs. Coleman,
declared that every effort was made by
the contesting nephews and njeces to In
volve the sisters of Mr. Coleman In the
contest, but they declined, being satisfied
with his disposition of the property.
That said Florence A." Coleman has already
broken and repudiated all said promises, and
<3o*s not intend, and has not at any time In
tended, to live up to or keep any of them.
The prayer of the contestants Is that
the will be revoked and vacated and that
it be adjudged that William P. Coleman
died Intestate.
That said Florence A. Coleman represented
to and promised said William P. Coleman that.
If he would make eald alleged will wholly In
her favor, she would pay over and deliver to
these contestants and to the said two sisters
of said William P. Coleman as much money
and property as he otherwise intended by his
'will to bertow upon them, and as much as they
would be entitled to receive out of his estate
by the laws of succession and distribution if
he should die intestate. • • • .
False Premises Alleged.
That immediately thereafter, and continu
ously down to the writing and signing of said
alleged will, said Florence A. Coleman took
advantage of the weakness of mind and Im
paired faculties of said William P. Coleman
and exercised over him an undue. Improper and
preponderating influence, and. by continuously
representing that ehe was more affectionate
and attentive toward him than was any one
else, and that no reward could be too great to
compensate a young woman like her for the
sacrifice made by her in marrying a feeble,
decrepit old man like him. and that his blood
relatives, these contestants, had no affection
for him and cared only to obtain his prop
erty • • • Induced and persuaded him,
under her dictation and without his being
competent to exercise free and untrammeled
Judgment and will in the matter, to prepare
and sign, as these contestants are informed
end believe, the alleged will which has been
admitted to probate.
That a short time prior to the date of said
alleged will and with the Intention of persuad
ing and inducing him to bestow upon her all
his property and to Ignore in his will blood
relatives, these contestants; and while the
said William P. Coleman ' was very old, de
crepit, infirm and childish, and suffering from
disease, and i-ery feeble, both bodily and men
tally, and incapable of resisting undue influ
ence exerted upon him. the said Florence A.
Coleman. who was and Is eorr.e forty or more
years younger than the said William P. Cole
xnan. coaxed and wheedled the eaid William
P. Colexaaa into marrying her.
That at the time the said alleged will
of deceased, which has been admitted to
probate herein, was written, dated and signed,
the said William P. Coleman was not of sound
and disposing mind, and was incompetent and
Incapable of making a last will and testament,
and wholly incapable of making a reasonable,
legal, sensible and rational testamentary, or
ether, disposition of his estate and property.
or any part thereof.
These contestants further allege, that the"
•xecution by the said William P. Cole
rnan of the said instrument, . which has
been admitted to probate by the above entitled
court as his last will and testament, was ob
tained through, and resulted from, misrepre
sentation, fraud and undue influence made use
of end exerted upon him by Florence A. Cole
xsaa. •
The sensational charges In the coin
plaint are contained in counts 6 and 7,
¦which boldly accuse Mrs. Coleman of hav
ing coaxed and wheedled her aged hus
band into bequeathing her all his prop
erty and cutting out his blood relatives.
The counts allege:
Mrs. Coleman has been for several years
one of the leaders in Sacramento society.
She has also taken a prominent part in
eociety in Woodland, where, as Miss
Florence Craft and afterward as Mrs. Ar
nold, she was widely known. . "
The contestants and petitioners in the
suit filed this afternoon are: Joslah M.
Coleman. Robert J. Coleman. John A.
Coleman, Milton J. Coleman, R. M. Cole
man. William F. Coleman. Louis H. Cole
man. William T. Coleman. S. O. Coleman,
Eliza C. Williams, Fannie C. Foulks,
Mary H. Wood, Lucy C. Williams, Mamie
Kagsdale and Lucy A. Campbell, all neph
ews and nieces of the deceased. This in
cludes all the next of kin. with the ex
ception of James O. Coleman, postmaster
at Sacramento, and two aged sisters,
Mary E. Davidson and Sarah Huston,
who live at Monmouth, III.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2S.— A sensational
contest wa« brought In this county to-day
by Eastern heirs of the late William P.
Coleman, late president of the Sacramento
Bank, to break the will by which he left
all of his property, valued at $200,000, to
his wife, Florence A. Coleman. Misrep
resentation, fraud and undue Influence on
the part of the widow are alleged, and
It Is asserted that at the time he made the
will Coleman, was of unsound mind.
Epeci&l Dispatch to The Call,
Complaint Brims "With Sensat
Charges of Fraud and the
Alleged Breaking of
Promises.
Young , Widow Accused of
Having Exerted Undue
Influence.
Contest Involving the
Late Banker Cole
man's Estate.
Members of Company; A, Second Division^ Give a Banquet to Their
Former Leader, and Expressions of Hearty- Good Will and Best
Wishes Are Made by Many Officers at, the Festal Board
HEIRS TRY
TO BREAK
THE WILL
POLICE LIEUTENANT BIRDSALL
IS HONORED BY OLD COMMAND
INDIANS' FIND
PROVES LOSS
OF WARSHIP
Identified as One of
Condor's.
Boat Washed \ Ashore Is
Markings ; of the Life Craft
Leave No Doubt as to
Vessel's Fate.
Gold ; Watch Drifts . to the Beach is
Wreckage From an Upturned
Hulk Off Cape
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B.' C. Jan. 28.— The boat
found by the Indians of the Ahousett res
ervation on the west coast of Vancouver
Island, as reported in yesterday's dis
patches to The Call, was undoubtedly one
from the- missing warship Condor. Cap
tain Townsend, master of the steamer
Queen City, which returned this after
noon from the coast, made an examina
tion of the boat, and from his descrip
tion of marks thereon the naval officers
are positive that it came from the Con
dor.' iu ¦'¦¦ . ¦*;;*•'¦ •• - i;-..-.:.
The boat was picked up by the 'Indians
four miles from the reservation on the
morning of January 6. and the fact of
the find was not reported until the pres
ent trip of the coasting steamer. It -had
drifted on to the rocks and there was a
hole in the port side of the bottom about
one foot or more in length and six inches
in width". Otherwise the boat was in
tact. On its bow were little panels of
hardwood raised about an inch and a
half or two inches from the gunwale, and
on these was the letter "C" in brass. On
the boat's stem was the broad arrow,
which is a mark peculiar to the boats of
the British navy, and near by were the
figures "XVI" In Roman numerals. Be
low the Roman numerals were the letters
"S. I. I. B," or "S. H. B.," with the cross
bar of the "H" obliterated by the sea.
Below these letters was marked in
smaller letters, "Sh. 98." This mark no
doubt stands for "Sheemess, 1898," for it
was in the Sheerness yards that the miss-
Jpg sloop of war. was built in that year.
On the boat were two grips made of gal
vanized iron, an iron ring about six inches
in diameter and" four pieces; of galvan
ized ~ Iron chain; two ; feet -long. There
were one or two letters on :the rings, on
one being "M. T." and on one of the
chains was "S. ' R." The boat was of
hardwood, . about seventeen feet long,
white painted, copper fastened and clin
ker built. • -~O ¦ :
• ¦ It Is so certain that this was one of tho m
boats of -the missing Condor • that"
H. M. S. Egeria has gone to
the scene to get the boat from
the Indians. The Egeria left Esquimau
yesterday afternoon. The U. S. S. Grant
will In all probability have procured the
boat -before the British warship arrives
at Ahousett, for the Grant was spoken at
Uclulet by the Queen City and told of the
discovery. ' • . ' : •
Gold Watch in the Wreckage. *
The Queen City on her arrival from the
coast brought no further. news. of the life
buoy marked "Red. Rock, Glasgow," , and
the few. cases of salmon which have
come ashore on Long Beach, just above
the black sand mines of Wreck Bay, and
no further wreckage from the salmon
ship is reported other than the hardwood
stanchions and white painted cabin doors.
The life buoy was found by a white set
tler living in that section. "
From . Cape Beal the Queen City
brought news that a gold watch and an
English chronometer had come ashore on
wreckage from the upturned vessel which
had drifted into that port, as previously
reported. The gold watch was numbered
55833. It was an open face watch. , On the
back was a maltese cross with a green
stone in the center. A gold chain with
long square links was with the watch.
Nothing could be learned as to the iden
tity of the vessel, which had a green hull
and was ¦ coppered. It was too large for
a sealing cruiser and was evidently one
of the lumber coasters.
Salva-cea Cures Piles.
This statement may seem rather strong-, but
if you try it once you won't think It's strong
enough. Also invaluable for channgs, bruises,
cuts, burns, cold in head, catarrh, chilblains,
skin irritations. Price, 25c and 50c, at drug
gists or by mall. Salva-cea. 274 Canal st., N. Y.
ASKS GRAND ARMY TO AID
FINDING HER SPOUSE
San Jose Wife Seeks in Vain for
Trace of Missing . Husband
' and Daughter. ,.
: SAN JOSE," 'Jan. 28.— For. six months
Mrs.- .Willis .Chapman, who! resides »cn
South, First' street.- near San Carlos, /has
been vainly searching- -for::' her,- husband
and 6-year-old daughter, and she has now
appealed to the' Grand Army of the Re
public to help find her truant spouse. •
Chapman was employed as a carrlagre
maker in a South First street shop. • He
left -his. wife without a cent, withdrawing
his money from the bank. ' Mrs. Chap
man says there was no trouble between
herself and her. husband, and she cannot
account for his flight. The missing man
is a member of the Grand Army and
draws a pension. -
¦ • • .- ¦ ¦ '¦'•'¦'¦¦.'¦Vv'J '¦
THE.' SAN FRANCISCO CAIili, W&NESDAY^ JANUARY 29, i 1902.
3
JLDVEBTISETVTENTS.
OCEA1T TBAVEIk
ygHISw VIM * VIG0R . v H ALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
Ajj[a_ fi% have been In usa over fifty
A**fwro2£!j| years by the leaders of the
S5§*Xi5«KM3 Mormon Church and their
BgBgyftgVga followers. Positively cure tha
KaflsJ'i'iJcti'si worst cases In old and young
BaJ }}tfB arlsin S from effects of self-
WH^»ulc#'^ abuse, dissipation, excesses or
wSSfcitfra? cigarette-smoking. Cure Loat
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, f*m Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ 83 vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are i?W^r«B Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote •»«« * » ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes.' Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. , Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and. 40 Third street. ' , ;
$1000 REWARD
IF WE FAIL TO DO AS WE AGREE. SPE-
clallsts I on Diseases and Weaknesses of
Men. Original new method. . No other doctors
can do as we do. for ours are individual ways.
Prostatltia — I tried many doctors . in vain.
Dr. Williams & Co. cure-l me. — B. N. Rogers,
Fresno, - Cal." .
. Losses, .Weakness — I am cured: -rained 23
pounds. Dr. Williams & Co. are reliable. — J. K.
WalMi,'- Grass Valley. Cal.
.; Dr. Williams & Co. cured me of Gleet of 4
years', standlns. — H. Wallace, Bakersfleld, Cal.
Plain rules and prepared tests for self -exam-
ination, sent free. Write to-day.- . y/ • .
DR. WILLIAMS & CO.. 14O Ceary St., S. P.
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATT0RNX7-AT-LA1T.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bldg.
; '. . Telephone . Main 983.
Residence. 821 'California St., below Powell.
Residence Telephone, James 1501.
_ OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYOKraKAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. xn..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on da^of
sailing:. S w
SS. HONGKONG MARU.... ...
¦"• .-.¦..¦;;:-. Thursday. January 30tb. 1902
SS.CNIPPON MARU
'. ../....Tuesday, February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU .
Friday.' March 21st. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates., ffor
-frelpht and . passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
k W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDON. PARIS.
Stoplng at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New. York Wednesdays at 10 a. in. .
St Louis. . . . . .iFeb. Of St. Louis Feb. 28
Philadelphia ...Feb. 12 Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul. ..Feb. 19ISt. Part. Mar. 12
r RED STAR LINE:
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at: 12 noon.
Kensington . . . .Feb. OJFrtesland .... ..Feb. 26
Zeeland ........Feb. 12f(Bouthwark " Mar. 5
Haverford . : . . .Feb.' li<| Vaderland ... ..Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R.S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Frue.
6. S. Argyll *aiis VVcdr:«day, Jun. 29
6. S.Lcelanaw/ *a!U Friday. Feb. .7
t»- «>. Arftyll , rail « . Thursday. Mar. 13
From Harrison-street wharf at 2 p. = ' m." :.
Freiprht and Passenger Office, 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR; . Pacific Coast Ageat.
gOXPASNIS * CENEEAL5 TRANSATLAJiTIQUJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of «j^?u55)
Saturday, at 10 a." m.. from pier 42, ( -*JHra5»
North River, foot of Morton street. y '. ¦
--- First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, {IS 'and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR. UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, ' 32 Broadway (Hudson . building). . New
York. \ J. F; FUGAZI & CO., Pacific i Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue,, San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ¦•- f.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L Steamers Ieaye Broadway
plw-. , Wharf, San Francisco: *
M*SJ6^ Tor Ketchikan. Juneau,^
Bwra>ggW>-. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
fS^^Wt^* m., Jan. 28, 31, Feb. 5.
ffz&££9Vai Change to company's steam-
! KmJStoI ers at Seattle.
F*MQE3B8£m For Victoria. Vancouver.
*^ Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
'*HK coma, Everett. N«w Whatcom
—11 a. m., Jan. 28, 81, Feb. B. Chanse at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. F.
Ry.: at Vancouver, to C. P. Ry.
. For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 27. Feb. 1. ¦
' For San Diego, stoppin* only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 *. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angelas, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San.
Luis Obispo). *Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ven- 4
tura, Hueneme,* East San Pedro. San Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Bonlta. 9 a. m., Jan. 26. Feb. 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 30. Feb. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joaa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain foldanu
Right Is reserVed to change steamers or sall-
lns dates.
TTCVT OTTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).-
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
PORTS IN_MBXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $G0 including meals and berth for the
round trip on board the Pacific Coast S. 3.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7, April 7. Du»
back 27th of each month. Will call at tha fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalena '
Bay. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La
Pax, Santa Rosalia and Guaymaa. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return fror» Guaymaa
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
TMckft Office. 4 New Montgomery St.. or 10
Market at.. S«n Francisco.
O.R.&N- CO.
Only Steazxa.aili.l-E> Xiljao *c»
PORTLAND, Or., *
And Short Rail Ltno from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickota to all
point*. «'' ri" n* utenm^hio »nd rail, at
LOWEST . XLA.m]S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEET H and XZAL3.
SS. COLTJMBIA'SaUs
Feb. 2. 12. 23: Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. OEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 7. 17. 27; Mar. 9. 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. 8. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION 'CO,
And Cia Sod Americana deVaoores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. ¦ Sailing from How- ¦
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
TTJCAPEli Feb. 10 PALENA Feb. 23 '
GUATEMALA..Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acspulco jr Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHmg & CO.. Pen. Agenti.
V W UU1 J* _*'. . Y! OIRECf LIME TOTAHlTt
SS SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
". land and Sydney.. Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
¦ ' Saturday. Feb. 15. '02, 2 p. m.
J. e.SPSECXELS 4 BBQS. CO., Baarai lgrati. 327 Barta »
Isn'l Passcngsc OIHgb, B43 Mirkst St., Piar lo. 1. Paei&e U
' . .,...- . =
BAY AND EIVEB STEA2IEB3.
FOB U.S. NAVY YAR3 AND~YALLEJD
. : Stamen GEJf. FRISBI3 or MOlttlCELLD
9:43 a. m,, 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day.' Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejr. 1 ¦ a. m.. ' 12:3O noon, 6 p. m., except'
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. ¦ Fare 50 '
cents, - Telephone Main 150S. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street doci. HATCH
BROS.
POSTUM CERE AT/.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidnev ajid WariHor
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It Stands ?he highest Tfor i?a
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases 3 tae "S™ 1 ror " 3
EDITORIAL, NG>TE.-If you' are Bick or "feel badly " berfn taldnB- th« femn,,..
new discovery Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because^ soon ?? y^^kidneys^are
well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince SvonP
You may have,a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy Swam^R^ot^S
absolutely free by\mall, also a book telling air about Swamp^RooTa^ cSntalnfnl
many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters recelwd
and women who owe their good healthy in fact their ver^li™ s 7o Si greafcSra-
tive properties of Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr Kilmer & Po WT^Mmt^ v
Y^be sure to say that you read this genets offer inTh? & Francis^o^DaS
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what vou need ™ n ~>~
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dolla? size botUer a t "he drog storw
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name Bwam>Root Dr
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. .yT owamp-ttoot. UT.
j W. F. Lohnes. a prominent business man of Springfield, Ohio, writes the lot-
Wv^gnSS^I&tiS* kidDey remedy ' to the edl-
.,„,..¦., f"-2 M Springfield. Ohio, Feb. 21. 1901.
Having heard that you could procure £ sample bottle of Swamp-Root, free
by mail, I wrote to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., for a sample bottle and
It was promptly sent. M was so pleased after trying the sample bottle that I sent
to the drug store and procured a supply. I have used Swamp-Root regularly for
some time, and consider it unsurpassed as a remedy for torpid liver, loss of appe-
tite and general derangement of the digestive functions. I think my trouble was
due to too close confinement In my business. I can ¦ recommend it highly for all
liver and kidney complaints. I am not in the habit of endorsing any medicine, but
in this case I cannot speak too much in praise of what Swamp-Root has done
for me. - i ,¦<;.,-•; -. ;-.v- ¦•
DE. KELMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
Root, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample iBottle Sent Free by Mail.
WHAT A SAMPLE BOTTLE
OF SWAMP-ROOT DID.
l^fev^V fb SL WHrV jsks% 3*i*tx *• **"* -*- ¦*•
Intellect
JiA^ ' *r~^ Vn^"^^""™^™"™*^ "Careful Inquiry In the school-
jtr5£%^+^_ y^ j^rffig'cyrufl'YH 1 room developed the fact that
JF%*£ '5«g?-£)^VBJja AS tbose children who are habitually
Jv&^^j^i^X^i W&vb3Mb&/a glven coffee to drlnk have BaJl0W
/^*^SNi3iM' gp**2P2|£?||»S&2 complexion, are nervous, more or
t?&'i '^^^n^^\ : ii-/^ *AH%T%MT?r less Writable, and very sluggish
rC\ "i'~\lj : 'i^^V-i*^''l^\ *^>m| "j - Intellect, or an overwrought and
Dili V " ?'^ 'V-'jtJ&^-T \ -V:r»gsd^^3^3 abnormal imagination, results of
/•¦V1^''1^V^ L %;,*.!.7^^^Sm^O extreme nervousness. My own
/•T-^.*--' '^/'¦¦f ,'* \J^^1 experience with coffee drinking
1 2-'v?St.|*t/>.- f^<^ 3 V| BPf^vw^^ga , ke Pt me afflicted for some years
j^^i^^^^^^2>^^~-w ' - *^^^J wlth severe and constant head-
r-^^.'>C^^^^^^'^:'^\i 'J'ikA t aches, with extreme nervousness
fej\'4*~l /¦\i~'''-?.\'jg^-'yMStl'^'yW A. ¦ "^ was compelled to aJJandon
I •'¦ * '- *:'¦'"'>;'£&''*&%&&£§£''&* <&'*h coffee altogrether, and was qulck-
/(l^^L^^^^^^^^ny xl^ ly relleved of the headaches and
/^> ¦ i^^tff^^^ .]))y}$^wlu;f other troubles. I was fortunate
*vC^ ll)L-rf^MM/ enough to secure a package of
pTjLj — "*~rV\ §£»&§&$/ Postum Food Coffee, but my first
I h: \ fixjiflapliy attempt at making it was a fall-
/ / f \ \ • ure. After another trial and tol-
I I fit" ' r~\ yS&Lf lowing directions (which are
(I I \ very easy,- by the way), I seciired
id \jA ju. a de^ c^ ou * drink, far superior in
13 JKl my mln<i t0 coffee. I have con-
|-{ i.A^ &zMp***e tlnued to use It from the start and
I \ ll^» ' l%ZZt@fflw my lm Pr° v ement has been steady
I J L\p-^-y ""-1 Yntim with no 111 effects at all."
- *»£"^ » . The above. -was .written by.'. a
school teacher, Miss E. Barnaxd, of Oxford, Kans. ' . > ;
It Is an easy matter to leave off the coffee habit, If Postum Cereal Food Cof-
fee Is used In Its place, particularly when attention is glve^i to its proper prepara-
tion. The whole secret of the preparation to In allowing the Food Coffee to boll
long enough to bring otit tha tasto and food value.
All flrat-da*» groc*n sell Portum* " ' " ' 1 — '" — — v _ (
Guaranteed *^^^^^^
Extension Table $ 5^° =
How to buy. furniture and carpets with \ little money.
We sell you ;the goods on ; credit, without interest, and
. you can pay for them ihjsmall amounts that will not be
felt. :Our stock is very large, everything in : 'it • is, new,
and the 'price is' marked plainly on each : article. For in-i.
stance, if your purchases amount to $50.00 you pay us .
$10.00 cash and ' tne ; balance in payments of $5.00 each '
month. We furnish complete homes, flats, hotels and-
rooming-houses in this way. We would- like to give
you an estimate. . Free delivery in . Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. We close at\ six, except on Saturday.
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.
338-342 POST STREET,
OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE!Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, Jan. 28.
Mrs. Jennie Hoffman, a bride of less
than three months, for the second time,
during her brief wedded life, attempted
suicide to-night at her home, 1213 Seventh
street. She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital by her husband. Louis Hoffman,
an employe of the Oakland Gas Company.
Steward Borchert diagnosed the case as
laudanum poisoning and administered
antidotes. >; .+
In a short time the young woman was
pronounced out of danger. She said she
would carry out her suicidal intent before
her twenty-second birthday, the 31st 'of
this month. ¦-..•-::• -, ; t -, . • ;'. <,
Mrs, Hoffman was, before her marriage,
which occurred on the 19th of last Novem
ber, Miss Jennie Jones. .She is a sister
of Eddie Jones, the world-famous jockey.
. She first threatened to end her. life be
fore the -honeymoon t was past. After a
domestic .tiff the. young. husband stayed
away from home two or three nights. The
bride,, driven to desperation by what sae
deemed to be evidence of waning affection,
procured a bottle of laudanum and warned
Hoffman' that further neglect would drive
her to take the poison. It Is surmised
that she kept the vial .at hand and Used
its contents to-nieht. • - ¦- ¦¦¦"•¦•
The couple , quarreled at dinner and
Hoffman hinted that he was weary of her
attentions. "You leave me" and I'll kill
myself; I'll do it right, now," cried the
young wife and- she. rushed from the room
When Hoffman found her she was groan
ing in agony and he hastily summoned the
patrol . wagon and. went with her to, the
hospital. V
Hoffman said to the attendants at the
hospital that his wife tried to go down
to the bay to drown herself this ' after*
noon, but was .prevented- by his sister
in-law., . -. '
Hoffman is his. bride's senior by only
two. years. . '• .-¦ '¦ \ .
Jennie Hoffman, a Young
Bride, Has a Sui
v cidal Mania.' .
TRIES TWICE
TO END LIFE
STOCKTON, Jan. 23.-Rufe Turner com
pletely outclassed Frank Rafael to-r.lght
and put him out in the third round of a
scheduled twenty-round go. At no time
was the decision in doubt, as the colored
boy simply went, in and. out of Rafael's
guard when he wished. Rafael sent in
two or three good blows, but Turner
would, not allow, him' to -gain; an advan
tage. The knockout blow was not seen
by a half dozen people. • Turner feinted
with his left and Rafael ducked and ran
into a short right jolt, which put him
down for about twenty seconds. He. had
to be assisted to his corner and was. in a
dazed condition several minutes after he
left the ring. Jack Kane and Jimmy Reil
ly fought a. fast ten-round draw. .
at Stockton.
Is Knocked Out in the Third Bound
B AF AEL LOSES; TO TTJENER.
Dan Sullivan , and Jack McCormack
boxed four rounds to- a draw. They were
busy throughout, but no damage resulted
from their efforts. .' : -' .. * ..¦
John . Smelter a stopped Joe Regan in
three rounds* The latter was not knocked
out, but nature would not sustain his ef
forts. -He* was knocked, down several
times and finally could. go no, further,
i Ttjmmy Snailham was awarded the de
cision, over Al Crawford- after four, of the
hardest rounds fought in any of, the minor
club3 recently. Snailham was winning
handily in the first and second rousicls.
but -Crawford came back at him - and
fought him to a standstill. The worst
Crawford should have had was a draw.
Frank George", stopped Ed Tomalty in
three rounds. - The latter was not in con
dition to. stand the bustling fight. put up
by George. .¦¦-.;.
Jack Wells gained a decision over Fred
Landers In four rounds. -Wells proved .a
cool, clever, boxer anri should prove a
match for. any. of the 125-pound men.
; The principal bout was between JoV Hill
and Jack McPadden. McPadden scored, a
clean ¦ knockdown in the first round. The
second and: third rounds were devoid 'of
interest, but the fourth was a whirlwind
affair, each ; boxer scoring ' repeatedly.
Referee McDevitt called it a'draw."
i The first bout was between "Bobby"
Johnson and Monte Attel. If. went to
Johnson on points, as he did most of the
work ' for three rounds. In the- fourth
rouad Attel woke up and gave Johnson a
hard argument. The boys . exchanged
blow for blow, but Johnson's work in the
early rounds offset Attel's hurricane fin
ish- " : . . \ :¦..:¦
The boxing exhibition of the Bay. City
Athletic Club in Mechanics* Pavilion An
nex last night ¦ attracted i a small attend
ance^ The bouts in several instances
proved unusually good. Two . promising
.boxors .were developed in Jack Wells and
Al Crawford. , . . ¦
Club.
;Amai^urs Appear in Lively
Bouts Before Bay City
Joe Hill 'Performs Well
jl: in a Sensational
•.„ ;¦¦„ ."..¦.•'•¦. "Round.
m ¦ i ¦ -
Odds of Ten to Nine Are Offered That He Will Defeat Root
.When They Meet in the Ring a: Mechanics' Pavilion on
.Friday ; Night— Irwin and Jimmie Reilly 'in a Pre.imjnary
FIGHTS A DRAW
WITH M'FADDEN
GARDNER IS FAVORITE
IN THE FIGHT BETTING
Walter S. Dole, a street foreman for
the Independent Gas and Electric Com
pany, was arrested yesterday for tearing
up Kentucky street for the purpose of lay
ing pipes. The arrest was made at the In
stance of the Board of Works- for viola
tion of the ordinance requiring permits to
be first obtained before any street can
be opened. The object is to determine the
validity of the ordinance which imposes
fees for Inspection of corporation work.
"Will Test Trenching Ordinance.
Sheriff Lackmann notified the Board-of
Works yesterday that if Guards J. R.
Kirby, E. G f Montague, Jamesr Hawley
and T. E. Wallace are dismissed to make
room for civil service watchmen he will
withdraw the prisoners now at work on
the county roads. The Civil Service Com
mission Insists that as the men art^ em
ployed by the Board of Works and paid
out of its maintenance fund they should
be taken from the eligible. list. Lackmann
declares that he will have only trusted
men as guards and he knows nothing
about the men whom the Civil Service
Commission would supply. Should Lack
mann withdraw the prisoners, needed im
provements on the county road3 will cease
and on that representation the commis
sion may permit the retention of the four
men named. .
Work on. County. Koads May Cease.
CALL. BUREAU, UOS G STREET. N.
W., 'WASHINGTON. Jan. 2S.— Miss Ellen
M. Stone is still a prisoner In the hands
of the Bulgarian brigands. Negotiations
between the American representatives
and agents of the. brigands have suffered
another setback. The authorities now
say that new negotiations must be com
menced. "Word concerning ; the failure of
the rescue of the missionary reached Sec
retary Hay this afternoon. The news was
most- disappointing in view of the expec
tation that the woman's release was im
pending. The ransom has not yet been
paid, and so Ions as the money remains
in the possession of the American agent
the officials have no fear that any harm
will befall the captive. ... ,.,
VIENNA, Jan. 28.— A telegram has been
received here from Sofia saying that the
brigands wish the liberation of Miss
Stone, the captive American missionary .
to take place upon Turkish territory, and
that the Turkish ¦ Government will not
consent to-*thi3 arrangement unless it be
advised of the time and place of the pas
sage of the brigands across the frontier.
The Turkish Government also requires
that a neutral escort accompany the bri
gands. . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ish Territory.
.Release Occur on Turk-
Abductors Insist '¦ That the
New Hitch in Negotia
' tionsfor Release of
.the Captives. 1 ,
BRIGANDS STILL
HOLD MISS STONE
WITH THE PUGILISTS AND AT THE RACECOURSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 39, 1902.
COLUMBUS, , Ohio, Jan. 28 —A
of 270 recruits and seven officers left the United
States barracks to-day for San NVvLrT,.!-^
bound for serviced the'Phnippfe '
A kidney education : starts with:: ; Backache
means . kidney y ache,' lame; back means : lame
kidneys, weak _ back means weak: kidneys^' cure
means ' Doan'i": Kidney I Pills. • Read about the
free i distribution" In • this ; . paper i and call ¦ at No
Percentage Drug Company, 949-051 Market st
, south side, between Fifth and Sixth, San Fran-
Friday, January 31. ¦"
The YA " B C • of It.
Jessie McGuire-; filed a 1 . suit, for divorce
yesterday .against iJohn J. McGuire; for
failure to provide. .; Divorces were granted
to Catherine Jenny, from Augustus Jenny
for ' cruelty. Lettie Patterson from H. *R.
Patterson for. desertion and j John Ander
son from Mary Anderson for desertion.
In Ithe Divorce Courts.
Sixth race, six .furlongs— Emma- A. M won
S?n Fl« ?«*>**. Crescent City thlrt. ¦ TtaSl
Third race, selllnr, mile and a slxtepnth
•Fourth race, one mile — Ben nunM •«,«-
Second race, six furlongs, selling-— Ecome
won. Alpaca second. /Wiedemann third.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 28.— Results: •
First race, mile and seventy yardWfcinir
sras suiuvan -«4«?5ssa
Besults at New Orleans.
Auditor Baehr and Treasurer r Mc-
Dougald conferred' with Mayor Schmitz
yesterday . regarding an arrangement
whereby, the 300 laborers employed iri the
parks -may cash their demands every
.month without -losing-, any part , of : their
wages. ¦ It was agreed to keep .the offices
of the .Treasurer and Auditor open on the
fourth day of. each •-, month ' from "A to 6
p." m-V when the laborers. will v be- paid. .
Mayor Schmitz will urge the Park Com
mission to ' allow - the ¦ laborers to • leave
their. work' at 4 o'clock on the day. named.
Heretofore the laborers .were ¦, '.'docked"
one-quarter of a day's pay when they left
work . to : cash , their : demands. . They- were
in many, instances compelled to sell | their
demands to. storekeepers and money-lend
ers in advance so - 1 as not to be incon
venienced in- the manner siated.-.' '
City Treasurer's Office Will Remain
Open an Additional fiour for i
Their Convenience. -
NEW PIJLKT TO PAY "WAGES
OF.THR'PARK LABOEERS
'' PHILADELPHIA, Jan. '". 28.— Archie' Mc-
Eachern ' defeated ,- Bennie ¦ Monroe and
Otto : Maya in , a fifteen-mile ' motor-paced
bicycle . race v ¦ to-night. ' r , Time, 24:41 4-5,
which is one minute and thirty-five (sec
onds-better than the world's record on an
indoor, track.' ? ¦ ; , v it 1 ;; >%>. : >. .: -• :> •
dips; a. "World's Record.
On April 19 there will be a cruise to Vallejo.
On May 4 the annual race with working sails,
the winning- crew to receive a. dinner, will ¦ be
held. On May 10 and 11 there will be a
ladles' cruise to Paradise Cove. On May 24
the fleet will cruise to.Callfornia Cove, where
the annual games will be held. On Decoration
day the annual regatta tor class flags will be
sailed. On May 31 the yachts will cruise to
Vallejo, returning June 1. - On June 7 Sheep
Island will' be the rendezvous. On June 21
the yachtsmen will start on their annual cruise
up the Sacramento River, returning on June
2» . to . their moorings. . On July 4 the annual
' regatta for the Wallace trophy will take place "
On Joly 12 the fleet will visit Sausalito. cruis-*
ing next day In "the channel in company with
the San Francisco yachts. On June. 19 and
20 members who do not own yachtg will be
taken out for a cruise. On August 2 the fleet
will drop anchor at McNears Landing. On
August 9 and 10 there will be a handicap'
.race for the Vincent cup. . On August 16 the
fleet will rendezvous at California Cove, where
the annual clambake will be held. August
!30 and 31 will be taken up by a\ cruise to
Martinez and Montezuma.. Slough, returning.
; from Vallejo on September 1. On September
,<i and- 7 there will be a' ladles'.. cruise to Lone
1 Tree Cove, : Angel ¦ Island. - On September 20
Sausalito will be visited and next day a cruise'
in the ocean will be taken. On September 27"
the fleet will sail to Vallejo, whence: it will
race home in cruising rig next day.. On Octo
ber 11 the yachts will moor in' Paradise Cove.-
October 25 the, closing Jinks will take place
and on October 20 th> Jast cruise. In squadron.-
The California Yacht Club will be the
first of. the local clubs to open the season
of 1302. At a meeting of yacht owners
held last Sunday at the clubhouse, on
Oakland Creek, it was decided to hold
the opening jinks, on Saturday evening,
April 5, and . the opening cruise on the
following day. The schedule of events
prepared and accepted by the yacht own
ers follows: /
Races, Cruises, Clambakes
and Other Events.
Schedule for 1902 Includes Several'
CALIF0ENIA YACHTSMEN ¦
x WILL-OPEN" THE SEASON
Reception committee — James "W Bur*™*
(chairman), F. A. Macready, . John Greenwiii
Edward Donnelly. Arthur L. Adams, Georjre
Asmussen, C. T. Lagercrantz, • John T TTn^
rls. E. B. Sawyer. J. Rudee. M Cishmai" '
George Day. Cecil Belman. Charles NbCS"
Ar Springer, Frank .Jackson, Wllliarn qt
S£5&if Mosebach> c : > c: Bensen ' *&&
. Arrangement committee — Martin J. O'Don
nell (chairman). James B. Power, John R
McGeeT J- H. Bnraon. T. J. GiUesple r> B*
Dwyer, George E. Drum. A. E. "W'esalin**
Georgo Gassman, T. V. Krohn.
Floor manager. William E. Murphy as<i«t
ants, L. E. Dene. M. Frledlander.
.- Floor committee — H. J. Caveney Tyrant
Hasse. J. J. Glorer, .W. V.. "Wise. D. F Polev
"William Snyde.r. Julius Meyersteln, r>. Hurlffi"
A. Llebscher, Al Henry. ¦", ""rJey.
ure to All Who Attend.
The Postofflce Clerks' Association is
making elaborate preparation for It3 sec
ond anniversary ball, which ia to be given
next Saturday evening at Native . Sons'
Hall. Great interest, in the event is be
ing- manifested in" all the Federal depart
ments and large delegations of postofflce
clerks are expected from Oakland, Sacra
mento and other interior towns. Th« ':
clerks are leaving nothing undone to in
sure an ' evening of pleasure to all who
attend. ¦.--.-. . ¦ . - . ¦ " .
The committees who have charge of the
affair are composed of the following mem
bers: . •
Elaborate Preparations Being Made
to Insure an Evening of Pleas-.,
POSTOFFICE CLERKS TO
-: GIVE AiNTJTVEBSAItY BALI.
The requests for admission to the jail
Z GT %, s ° manv th at it required the com-
SL" e r d fF ? ff S rts o , { the Police force and the
Kh o dep t utIes to kee P the crowd away
2'^ entrance. Several of the Jurors
Jh/ e J Orc f d , rtght their \way through
SS- ?«y d * i !nt0 tne Prison.' The house
£ t^ 1 !? ra ? h , »° [es In the vicinity
!f« t h rOWdea ltn P e 0Ple eager to wit
ness the execution. Two-men with a
?^?k! s f cured admittance to the jail
S *iJ? e i, P J? r P° se 'm. of " 6ecurJ ne a snap-shot
?L^ e but the Warden detected
tnem and took the camera away from
them until after the execution. •
™V£?1% « and Ke'PeH for several years,
worked in and about the mines at Ly
kens, Pa. During the morning j of March
R O la u St f he J ,Ti sIted -Ji he Halifax National
Bank of Halifax, this county, and, with
a a W i n rev o lv ers, demanded of Cashier
Charles W. Ryan the cash in the vault.
.They quickly gathered into a sack the
loose money In the cash drawer, amount
ing to about $8000: While one of them
was fastening the sack he laid his re
volver on the cashier's desk.
Ryan seized the weapon and in a des
perate^struggle which. ensued the cashier
was shot in - the breast, 'dying, several
hours later. Rowe and Keiper, were cap
tured by citizens. • Within : two weeks
they were tried and convicted of first de
gree murder. Prank R. . Sholey, ; an ac
complice, pleaded guilty as an accessory
and was sentenced to ten years in prison
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 28.-Weston M
tn e ln er . a , nd Henry Howe were hanged at
;°;f oclock to-day in the.. Harrisbur«r
jau : yard in, the. presence, of 1000 persons
for the murder, of Charles-W. Ryan. The
murderers went to 'their death without a
snudder and made no statement on' the
gallows. •
SEE HANGING
FROM HOUSETOPS
The City Marshal telephoned to the
Sheriff In Riverside and asked that of
ficers be sent here to assist him in pro
tecting Hendrickson until he could be got
out of town safely. His demand was
complied with and additional officers are
here. Every precaution was taken to
prevent further trouble to-night.
signed by City Marshal Pine on evidence:
supplied by John Hendrickson, a Los An
gejes detective. " The trio appeared before
the City Recorder. - Duffy and Sargent
pleaded guilty.. Duffy was-fined $50, which
he paid... A fine of-$40» .with; the alterna^
tive of twenty days in jail, was imposed
upon Sargent, who said he would eo to"
JalL .... . ,- £ ft > -
Soon after: the arrests were "made a
crowd gathered, vowUig vengeance, on the
detective.'" It^vas decided to treat, him to,
a of— tefr and feathers. '" Alcai uf
tar and the Secessary 'feathers were"*pro-;
cured and then ' an effort was made to
seize Hendrickson, who had" 1 taken refuge"
upstaft-B in the Sextoh and/Qflder block/"
The detective drew his revolver v and'
threatened to shoot any one who molested
him. Several of the crowd dared him fj
shoot, but no one was ready to take the
initiative in a rush upon the Informer:
Finally the crowd retired, leaving Hen
drickson master of the situation. -
BALKS AT TAR
AND FEATHERS
Ececl&l bieuktch tp The Call.~r' '
CORONA, .Jan, • 28.— Excitement was
caused here at noon to-day by the arrest
of c George Sargent, a cigrar store pro
prietor. A. L. Walton, a druggist, and his
clerk, T. E. Duffy, for violation of the
city liquor ordinance. The complaint was
It Is settled that E. A. Hayes, James
"W. Rea and John Mackenzie, each the
leader iof a lively faction, shall be ap
pointed to" the general committee.
Every sign is indicative of a notable
Republican demonstration in this city.
Word comes from the south that Los An
geles will send many $ able and progres
sive leaders to the .- front.- ! Great; delega
tions will come from San Francisco, Oak
land,'Sacramento and Stockton. It is ex
pected that Frank Short, E. F. Preston,
Henry T. Gage, George C. Pardee, Thom
as Flint, E. B. Edson, Harold Power; Ja
cob H. • Neff. E. C. Voorheis,. E. P». Col
gan and others who have, been mentioned
as 'worthy to lead the party to -victory in
the next State campaign will attend. 'It
is hoped : that General W. H. I* Barney
will reconsider . his resolution to . make no
more political speeches and agree to add
the 'inspiration of his .; oratory to the
speaking events of the convention.
The official call inviting league clubs
to send- delegates to the convention will
soon be i issued by President '¦ Anderson^
Ne-wReptibllcan clubs desiring to affiliate
with - the • State League should make ap
plication at once for. membership.
.The truce was effected to-day without
a wrangle. Anderson was . not embar
rassed with conflicting motions, nor was
he compelled to listen to .vehement "out
bursts of /oratory. ••¦ An agreement ? was
readily reached thar a general committee
of twenty-seven should be created to ar
range affairs for the .' league convention.
It was agreed further that President An
derson should appoint seven members, of
this managing committee and that each
of the ; four local factions, should name
five members. . ¦!¦¦¦'¦' ¦
SAN JOSEd Jan. 28.— Alden Anderson,
president of the State League of Repub-^
lican: Clubs, is a great promoter qf^har-*
meny! -y; To-day he j counseled with'.-men'
representing the variqus 'Republican fac-'
tions^6f Santa Clara County, and gained
from them, assurance that, they would
work together on the general proposition
to* make' the- biennial 'I convention' of '. th*»
league on ; April 14, 15 and 16 a success.
When the convention. adjourns the time
limit fit the truce ( will .expire, and the"
contestants may renew "the- battle- for. lb-'
cal supremacy with redoubled exertion. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call. »
Alden Anderson Brings
Santa Clara Republi
can s Together.
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Sharp" Bird, February, Chappie
Second race—Commissioner Forster Cougar
Ada N. • . '
Third race—Jingler. El Chihuahua, Autumn
Time.
Fourth race—Watercure, MacGyle, Corrigan
Fifth race—Rollick. Tower of Candles, Van
tine.
ha S H th race —Plcador- Harry Thatcher. A\o-
ATTACHES GOODS
OF MRS. DARLING
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; sell-
— — . . \ .
Fifth race — Six - furlongs ; selling; four-year
olds and upward. j ...
3177 T. of Candles. 09; 3207 Captivate „.. CO
<3ie2)Afghan 109 (3132)Vantine 107
3162 S. of Tarsus. 103 3202 Cousn Carrie. 9!)
."5214 Orleans 99 3184 Redwald ....104
(2S8C)Fine Shot... .104 (3182)Rolllck ...... -106
Fourth race — One mile; the Macdonough
handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
(3146)Watercure ...122 ( 3200 Corrigan 05
3134 Ordnung . . ..100, (3206)MacGyle 100
3191 Floronso ....ICOi
• Third race — Six and a half furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds.
3205 Quiet 122 (3197)Chandoo ..i.122
3142 Autumn TlmellO 2999 El Chihuahual22
3174 Arthur Ray.. 122 3122 Jingler 119
3113 Claudator ...112
Ing; •ur-year-olds and upward.
3149 Courtier Ill 3190 Alnha TT inn
3^R; d.l.S.Ju.nlOO 820? Bib *. ."•¦••¦• 1^
ftS0Eii
3202 Monda 109 3155 Limelight :..1O9
Jeffries, is- still negotiating with the offi
cials of the Yosemite Athletic Club. His
brawny fighter will meet any boxer in the
world, but candidates for heavy-weight
championship honors seem shy.' Fitzslm
mons, apparently holds the key to the sit
uation, .but- he seems reluctant to show
where he stands In the matter. • ",-.
MIDDLE-WEIGHT BOXER WHO
MEETS JACK ROOT ON FRI
DAY NIGHT.
Second race — One mile; eelMr.gr; three-year
olfls and upward.
3201 Koenig 100 3159 Ada X 101
3183 Com. Forster. 82- ."5208 Invictus ....104
3203 Scintillate ..107i 3157 Arigato 87
3171 Cougar 107 1
Birkenruth is in the saddle again after
a severe illness.
"Pi" Ruiz writes from Sydney that he
is meeting with very fair success in the
colonies.
Winnie O'Connor and his employer.
Green Morris, have had a squabble and
for the nonce Winnie is riding as a free
lance. There is a possibility that the rup
ture may be smoothed over. Owner Mor
ris is still riled up over the loss of the
Lissak handicap on Saturday last, wrren
O'Conror, on. Janice, was beaten a head
by Eonic.
The turf writers at New Orleans are
praising the stand taken by President
Thomas H. Williams Jr. of the New Cal
ifornia Jockey Club In the matter of early
racing of thoroughbreds. Mr. Williams
believes in allowing them to develop and
not race them in their two-year-old form.
The Southern writers cite two cases
where this has worked wonders. One was
the eight-year-old horse George Arnold,
which raced here and was killed in a.
train wreck recently. He was pronounced
v. as sound as a dollar and at his best form
(when killed. The other Instance is that
of the horse Death, which has been win
ning consistently. He Is also an aged
horse. .v ¦-¦¦:.¦•.. "- '
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Futurity course; selling; fou'r
year-olds and upward.
3031 Sharp Bird ... 103 31C8 Xovla 100
3132 Fridolin 9<S 3173 Tiburon 102
8127 Meadow Lark.102 3180 Buck Taylor.102
3031 Skip Me 96 3135 Modder 98
*171 Dol Weithoff.100 3178 Chappie 102
8201 Eldred ...... 96 3159 February ...100
Track Notes.
FACTIONS AGREE
TO CEASE STRIFE
THE betting on the outcome of the
meeting between the crack middle
weight boxers, George Gardner
and Jack Root, has commenced, al
though;, the wagering up to the
present time has been light. :
As was expected, Gardner has been in
stalled favorite, the opening" odds being
10 to 9. i What the closing odds will . bo
are hard. to forecast, depending, largely
upon the confidence which Root's support
ers will show. :
Gardner -cut down his work noticeably
yesterday athis Cclma training quarters.
/He did not go far on the road, confining
his work almost entirely to sprinting tu
develop his speed. He did no boxing in the
afternoon, as he did not want to risk in
jury to his hands.
Toby. Irwin will be. afforded an oppor
tunity.to show his present form when, he
meets Jimmie Reilly. His victory, over
"Doc" Flynn at Oakland last Friday was
decisive. The. other preliminary will be/
between Jack Dean and Gus Saulsbury.;'
Billy Delaney, representing Champion
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Tuesday, Jan. 2§.— Weather fine.. Track fast. ,. .
iVMO. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-old fillies; to' flrsti $325. ' ' ' ' '
j '< ; i ~ ' j | '- ' "j Betting.
IndexiHorse and Weight. St. Vi. ' %. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
;5174 Montana Peeress..H2 5 2h 2 2 11 In Chinn & Forsyth.-Conlyl 'NT tl2 '
3179 Yrsula 107 3 S^ 31 2^21 J. O. Nealon:.. O'Connor) 3 4
3179 Knocking* 112 2 8h 7 1 5 1 3 '£ 0 Earl & Co. . ..Mounce| ' 8 . 12'
1207 Lass of L,angdon..H2| 7 43 4 1 4 ij 4 2 C.^Ltnd ........ Redtern 3 fi
31U1 Torila U'2\10 5 1 0 >J 6 il 5 2 E. I. Wheeler See .15 10
ami Satchel. 1121 tf 0 »4 5 1 7 1 « 1 B. Schrelber Jackson 4 5-a
ai»l Cathello" . 11218.10. . • S M» 8 1 7 1 Clayton & Co.. Fauntlery 10 12
3170 Meteoro 107| 1 13 12 3 if. 8 8 J. F. Stewart... J. Daly 20. 40
3174 EsterneJI 112 9 « 2 92 9 10 9 15 J. W. Schorr. .J. AVoods 10 15
.3179 Sterling Towers.. 107| 4 ¦ 7 1 10 10 10 |Musto & Ruiz. .A. Kelly _^J5O__4O ;
Time — >i, :24»4: Vj. :49V4: %, 1:02'<j. Cood start. "Won first three driving. "Winner.
Chinn & Forsythe's b. f. by Montana-The Peeress.. Winner . cut off,' Yrsula turning Into •
stretch. Knock. ngs finished ' well. Satchel Could r.ct ; get through in the stretch or she
might have won. Cathello showed no speed whatever/ Meteoro quit.
3210. SECOXD RACE— Three.ana a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; to first, $325.
T[ • I ; ~ ~ ~ BettlngT"
Index Horse and. Weight. St. %. %. Str. . Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op. Cl.
3103 Arabo ...108 1 ... 12 1 n ' 1 2^ W. B. Jennings... Bums 8-5: 6-5
Gold Van 113J 0 ...'4 2 ' 2 '1 ¦ 2 1 G. B. Morris.. J. Woods 3 - 4 ,.
3187 Mi Reina ltiii 5 ... 2 n 1 3n 3 n-.. Iialdwin & Co. .Ransom 6 7
:{1<« Len Reno 100| 4 ... 6 5 5 4 4 2 Dickey & Lindner.. Hoar '20 40
31S7 Jennie McGowan..l05l 3 .:. 3.^ 4 2 5 5 B. Schreiber Jackson .4 7
3103 Past Master 108 7 ... 0 1 K 10 '6 12 Chinn & Forgyth..Kaunt 10 12
J. H. Bennett 113 2 ... 7 2 IT 2 7 2 U Blaslngame.. . Mounce ' 8 12
Young Marlow....llO 8 ... 8 *8 8 Burng & Waterhs.. Ranch 0 12
Time — »4. :24% ; 3%f. :42%. Straggling start. Won air out. Second and fthird driving.
Winner, W. B. Jennings' ch. c. by Nomad-Charm. Burns on winner beat barrier twj'
. lengths. Gold Van will be hard to bsat next time. Jennie McGowan outfooted. Scratched
— Dotterel 105, Honiton < 1C5. . v '
3211. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; three- year-bids; to first, ?325.
I • - . • f ~\ : ~ V ~[7 " . • . v (""netting. i
IndexJHprse i and Weight.jSt. ¦&. %. St\ Fin. | , Owner and Jockey. ] Op. . Cl.
(3l57)JSheU -Mount .„ . . ... loej 2 . .1 'h r 4 3 3 1 h D. ¦ Cameron .... O'Connor 1 6-5
31S9 IHuachuca . . . ... .108] a -: 3 1 ••' 3 n 2 *£ 2 3 G. W. Baldwin.. J. Woods 5-2 , 3
:S138.|Rubus. 105| 1 2 2 2 2 In. 3 3 Chinn & Forsyth.-Kanch 3 3 :
<Sia«)|Fre8tano ......... .100| 4 4 1 14 4 4 J. Con way. ..... .Jackson 4 .8
Time— iL":24;" %." :4^'V, ?4. l:13?i: «%f. 1:21'. Bad etart::. Won first. three driving. Win- !
ner. D. Cameron's ch. g. by Salvation- Plumeria. Shell Mount much the best or he could
net have won. O'Connor took htm up on backstreteh, then • found himself -pocketed and
¦1 compelled to go around the bunch. Huachuca ran gamely. Prestano away poorly.
! 3212. FOURTH RACE— j 1-10 miles; Palo Alto hndep.'; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $500. . ¦
>Indfx,Korse. Agf. Wfight.jSt. " U- ' %. Str. j Fin. j Owner and Jockey. j Op" 'ciV.i;,'""'
32C0 [Janice. 4 .1C5 2 2 1 2 2 12 1 l',J G. B. Morris Jackson 4-5 0-10
< 3194 -iGreyfeid, «..„..., 102 f 1% I.h25 2 8 R. A; Smith. .Blrkenruth 4 ti ¦
31. « All Green. 4 120 3 4 4 3h 3% Burns & Waterhse.Spncr '5-2 2 .
:>195 jAnssion. 5 .,...07 4 3 1 .8'} 4 4 t .\ James Wilson. ..McGinn , 20 40 2 '
Time— Vi..:2t>;^. :51; '%. 1:1ft;. m., 1:42U; 1 1-ltt m., 1:48%. Bad start. Won first three '
driving. Winner. G. B. Morris' ch. m., by Midlothian- Rosette. Janice ridden out at the
finish. Greyfeld appears to sulk. All Green, away poorly, inclined to bear in through the"
' stretch. ' * . • . < ¦ ''-,-¦-¦
3213. FIFTH RACE— 1 1-1C miles; selling; four-year-olds} and up; to first, $325.
I Index 1 Horse. Age. Weight- St. %. ij. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ,O^>? ttln <fl.
¥i™ i B f h ? S> V" ••••!;£ I $ ? " ? S - 1 X 1 Hi ' J. J. Moran.~Mounce " 7-5 CO
-1^ \\? \l t0T \ b l^ « it i h - 1 2n J. C. Nealon... O'Connor 2 13-5
"»t?. Olh^. r6t ' a - 10^ 2 R3 52 4 % 3 6 J. McMlchael...A. Kellv 0 5
315:: Expedient. 5 108 6 7 7 5h 4 PB Smith Troxler 10 °O
< Sls ) M 1 S^l 0 -i--"'-?2i f ?5* >?•} I'^Viff Bl Spr^is.jISn X « 10"
»«19o Morinel, a 104! Ill 31:6 2.62 M. Storn Ransoh • « * n
31C8 Urchin. 5 .v.,100 7 3 n 4 h 7 7 'D F Ccs"""jS 15
31&5 Rim Rock, 4 10*| Left .... ... . . . " js. J." Jones! '. '. \.\ . H^ar if
Time— U, :2j>%: % fj :50;%. 1:15%; m.. 1:4214; 1 1-16 m.. 1:48%. Good start Won easily
waited with Bathos and then, going around his field, won at leisure Wolhurst should
.ThrG^r^oTpicaaoriW° PPed * MortneI has eove back - Scratched-Senator Matts m .
3214. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-'y^ar-oids and up; to first. 532s!
Ingi-xJHorse. Age. Welght.|st. i^. %. str. Fin, j ' Owner and Jockey. i O^. tUt C\.
.",132 Maresa. 4 OS 2 21 21 lh In J~H Dolaif" Wnar "~in In
3142 King Dellis, 5.... 105 6 3 h 3 h 3 h 2 ns C Und *Redfe™ in
::128 Sweet Tooth. 4... 99 5 0 2-81 5232L V Bell GannS! H ttr
?134 Sea Queen. G.....105 7 7 4 1 415.42 J A=' LewH Jackson QJ^k
.318* San Venado. a.T.110 IV 1 n .' 1- n - 2.h ¦ 5 1 T * K ¦- Recto^ * ' 'rvrZZVZl >,?' 13 ;S
3200 The Prlfle. 6 107 4 4 h 6 l,tf 6 gfc.S'J T 'HH^an J W^S. V* V*2
3110 Orleans, 4 97 3 5h 7 7 7. I.' Bnrr^°V: .'^^ 7^ /
Time— W, :24H;%, :48Vi; =J-, 1:14%. Fair start.'' Won first three driving" w,I~ — TTT '
Dolan's b. m. by True Briton-Mayetsa. Maresa had good 1 racing luck : Iwpl; T^tV, ' H "
ried wide through the stretch, looked'best.- Sea Queen practfcally left at cost V^'
; bl^2:^ a^Hjg^ e I 0 7, O V ea^ ?ap?
Only four started in the Palo Alto han
dicap, at one mile and a sixteenth, for
¦which All Green had been allotted top
weight, 120 pounds. With Henry Spencer
in the saddle, the best the Easterner could
do was to drop in third. Janice, the 9 to
10 favorite, carrying 105 pounds and rid«
den by Lee Jackson, won at the close with
little to spare from Greyfeld.
"Longshot" Conley won his first mount
In- many moons on Montana-: Peeress,
which defeated" a bunch of three-year
old fillies in the opening sprint, at odds of
15 to L Second to Meteoro to the stretch,
the Chinn & Forsythe entry then took the
lead and In a hard drive led Yrsula out a
neck. Satchel, the favorite, slow to leave
the barrier, was repeatedly cut oft*.
Tommy Burns on Arabo, favorite for
the two-year-old dash, succeeded in beat
ing the barrier a couple ot lengths, after
which he won all the way. Gold Van,
from Green Morris' stable, made his first
start, finishing a good second in front of
Mi Relna. • • • ?*.«? :
Winnie O'Connor on Shell Mount, favor
ite for the six and a -half furlong three-',
year-old run, had a narrow escape from
cefeat. He took his mount back before
reaching the far turn, and later was
brought to a fierce drive to down Hua
chuca a head. Rubus disposed of Pres
tano, the only other starter, for show
honors.
Bathos turned up an easy winner of the
mile and a sixteenth selling affair, start
ing a 6 to 5 favorite. Mounce waited to
the stretch, and then coming with a rush
beat Lavator and Wolhurst hands down.
NO GREAT amount of surprise was
occasioned by the showing made
by AH Green in the Palo Alto
handicap at Oakland yesterday,
for the Eastern horse has a very
suspicious set of underpinning, but the
result of the last event proved a stag
gerer for the talent- It was a six-furlong
scramble decided .under selling conditions,
and Tom Ryan's The Pride went to the
post a 7 to 5 chance. Johnny Woods rode
the favorite, and fourth position was as
close as he ever got to the firing line.
Maresa, a 40 to 1 shot, piloted by Hoar,
trailed San Venado for more ; than half
the route, and then took the lead. Later
the outside was joined by King Dellis, a
30 to 1 chance, and Sweet Tooth, one of
the second choices, all three fighting it
out. Maresa gained the decision by a
neck, with Redfern, on King Dellis, out
riding Gannon, astride Sweet Tooth, get
ting the place by a nose. Sea Queen,
practically left at the post, made a line
run, finishing a fair fourth.
The track still showed some traces of
the rain, -but by this afternoon will be
fast. Favorites captured four purses. ...
Gives Shell Mount 1 a- Hard Rub— -Arabo Leaves the- Maiden Class
AH Green Finishes Third -ih. the Palo -Alto Handicap, Captured by
Janice — Four Favorites Finish First at Oakland— -Huachuca
MARESA BEATS A FAST FIELD
WITH THE RING LAYING 40 TO 1
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Mrs. Elizabeth Darling, who claims that
she was robbed of $10,000 worth of jewelry
by a man named John Stevens last week,
was made the defendant in a suit filed
yesterday in the Justices' courts to re
cover the sum of $1048 50 for jewels pur
chased from a well known firm in this
city.-- The claim was assigned to the San
Francisco Commercial Agency, and-At
torney G.-H. Perry placed an attachment
on > the t household goods .and, bric-a-brac
in the residence of Mrs. Darling at- 913
Eddy j street, and also setve<l.;'a garnish
ment on Attorney^ MIlton**Efsn.er 'for* any-,
moneys 1 , that may'be"in his hands for*«the»
defendant,, as Eisner .is supposed '•¦ to 're- *
ceive remittances for. s hls client^Mrs. rDar-"
ling. -;>¦¦. t * .-:•;,.•¦. ..... .,.¦;¦ ¦¦;'¦... ?.y s ; ; ; *->
At. . t the "•' .* San Y Francisco- ' : Commercial
Agency's 'fefflces' Jn' the" Mills' building- ¦ it
was ' stated -¦ tha't* Mrs.- Darling had been
sued by the concern for other accounts
last year and that a quantity of furni
ture had been repleviried from her resi
dence, and that she had also surrendered
a sewing machine when suit was threat
ened to recover its purchase price.
The police are looking for John Stevens,
the teacher of physical culture/ who had
a. gymnasium in the basement of Mrs:
Darling's residence, andv who stands ac
cused by her of entering: her rooms dur
ing her absence and making off with her
valuables and $345 In gold.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. N. J. Booher. Chicago. 111.. writes:
"Catarrh is a local condition resulting from a
neglected cold in the head, whereby the lining
membrane of the nose becomes inflamed and
th» poisonous discharge therefrom passing
backward into the throat reaches the stomach,
thus producing catarrh or the stomach. Medi--'
cal authorities prescribed for me for threo"
years for catarrh of stomach without cure, :
but to-day I am the happiest of men after
using only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. I cannot nnd appropriate words to ex-
press my good feeling. I have found flesh,
appetite and sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is the safest
preparation- as well as the simplest and mosc
convenient remedy for any form of Indigestion,
catarrh of stomach, biliousness, sour stomach!
heartburn and bloating after meals.
According: to -Dr.- Harlanson, the safest and'
best treatment la to use after each meal &
tablet, composed of Diastase, Aseptic Pepsin,
a little Xui, Golden Seal and fruit acids.-
These tablets can now be found at all drugv
stores under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia.
Tablets, and. not being a patent medicine, can
be used with perfect safety and assurance that
healthy appetite and thorough digestion will
follow. their regular use after meals. .
The cure for this common and obstinate,
trouble la found In a treatment which causes-
the food to be readily, thoroughly digested be-
fore It has time to ferment and Irritate the
delicate mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
secure a prompt , and healthy digestion Is the
one necessary thing ¦ to do and when normal
digestion . ia secured the catarrhal condition
will- have disappeared. * •
There ¦ is often a foul taste In the mouth,
coated tongue and If the Interior of the stom-
ach could be seen It would Show a slimy, in-'
flamed* condition.
watery rising; a formation of gases, causing
pressure on the heart and lungs and difficult'
breathing, headaches, fickle appetite, nervous-
ness and a general played-out, languid feeling.
sidered the next thing to incurable. The usual
symptoms are a full or bloating sensation after
eatlngr, accompanied sometimes with sour or
A Pleasant, Simpls, but Safe and
Effectual Care fop It.
Catarrh of the stomach has Ions been con-
This signature is on every box of the genntae
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
tint rcaedy that cores a cwltl la we daob
. S^jCyyttrz*
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SSL Con-
sultation and private boos
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The remedy has a peculiarly ¦ grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act- direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is 'needed.
It 'cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been 'an; absolute, success in
ail cases. A request to the . State Medical
Institute, 328 \- Elektron building,. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that. you desire' one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. B The Institute | Is : de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who r are - unable ¦'' to leave ; home- to be
treated, and ] the free samples -will 1 enable
them to see how: easy, it is to be .cured of
sexual weakness when : the \ proper : reme-
dies are employed." The Institute makes
no restrictions. -Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have , no ' fear of : embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers , are requested ¦-. to write"
without '; delay. •'-..• ; : : » ¦; . -;
i Free trial packages of a most, remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will ¦ write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many- men who had battled
for. years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that ¦ the Insti-
tute has decided to : distribute free • trial
packages',' to" all . who : write. • It. is a home
treatment, and all nien. who - suffer from
any form ¦ of sexual • weakness ; resulting
from youthful^ folly, premature - loss of
strength and memory, ; weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation 'of parts can now cure
themselves at home. - -¦ •«/¦ ¦¦; r • *:¦• "¦
to Air Who Write;
A Free .Trial Package Sent by Mail
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Re stppes Lost Vigor
• f to Men; . :;
A Most Remarkable Remedy"; Tiiat
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I. The AVorld's |
I Cxxre for §
I IMMEDIATELY I
I UPON 1
I ARISING I
h , DrinK One-Half
tjj Tumblerful of p
§ Hanyadi 3&B& s I
I Natural Laxative Mineral Water. i
I When buying be sure H
| and asK for M
I Hunyadi JANOS I
|| (FULL NAME). fy
I If you asR simply for B
p Hunyadi 'Water. you B
1 may be imposed upon. I
BROWN'S
Bronchial Troches
Promptly Relieve Coughs, Hoarseness,
\ Throat end I*uns Troubles. ' * -
2VotHfc»$r excels this itfmple remedy. !FROM SEATTLE,
The" only": remedy. Jn' tlie world thatl.wtllvat
once stop Itehlness of the Skin on any part
of the' body ¦ that' is absolutely safe and : nevei;
fai 1 i iir Us Doan' s'u Ointment. . .. Free . .-amples ; at
N(f Perc^ntaife Drug : Company, .04H-031 Market
rt.; south- side,'- between i Fifth ' an>l Sixth, San
Francisco.: on Friday, .January 31. r»
Itcliiness of the Skin / and - Eczema.
Sun, Moon -and ' Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burvey —
Samuel Falk.ia retired jeweler, 63 years
of ngeV: dropped dead in frohtof the Hoff
man ' cigar store.Vat Se # condr and Market
streets, shortly, after 1 6 o'clock last even
ing.'V Falk had i been afflicted with heart
disease 'for some time." He leaves a wife
and four ; children, one of .whom .was the
proprietor of/ the cigar store'ln" front'of
which he had expired. The family, resides
at 306 Van Ness avenue. Falk was a mem
ber of ¦ the B'nai B'rith and several : other,
organizations.' :
JDied cf I Heart Disease.
PHOENIX, "A. T.. Jan. 28. — J. Ernest
Walker, one of the largest real estate dealers
In' Phoenix, made an assignment to-day.
Steamer Movements.
To arrive.
Meta Otz, aged 62 years, was found
dead In her bed yesterday morning at
her residence, 22 Pond street. A box
which had contained morphine powders
was fcund under the bed. She was com
pletely dressed. Dr. Bell, who had been
attending her for a long time, informed
the Coroner, that, she had been addicted
to the use of morphine for many years,
as a daily habit, but not In cumulative
or. excessive quantities. There are two
theories as to the cause of her death
one that she committed suicide, and the
other that she took dn ovedose of the
poison by mistake.
Sudden Death of Meta Otz.
At the meeting cf the Printing Commit
tee yesterday Supervlsior Wynn moved
that hereafter the various departments
shall first make requisition on the board
for j all typewriting machines and repairs.
The motion was carried and unless it Is
complied with the bills will not be ap
proved. It has been the custom in the
past for heads of departments to pro r
ceed on their own acount in such mat-
C The committee refused to pay $3S for
two talybooks used during the recount
before Judge Murasky. The Election Com
mission filed demands on the stationery
fund, but Registrar Walsh was Informed
that the expense should be paid out oC
the fund under the control of the com
mission.
Requisitions for Type-writers.
NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Cala
bria, from Genoa. ¦ . .• 7
: GIBRALTAR— 'Arrived' Jan 20 — Stmr Trave.
frcm New York, for Naolts And Genoa, and
'^PLYMOUTH- Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburtr, for New York.
¦ -SCIIXT — Passed Jp.n 2S— Stmr Palatia. from
New York, 'for Hamburg; stmr Manttou, from
New York, for London. ¦ -
BRF.MEN— Arrived Jan 2S — Stmr Kaiser
W!lh*!m dcr Grosse. from New York, via Ply
mouth and ¦ Cherbourg'. • " •• '¦-¦ -
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jaa 24— Stmr Empress
of China, from Hongkong and Shanghai, for
Victoria . p.nd Vancouver. ' ¦
' NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 28^— Stmr Bovic, for
Liverpool. • ' ' ' ; - - - '¦ '/'-' : ¦
NAPLES — Arrived Jan 24 — Stmr Koraistea,
from Portlsno".. Or. via St Vincent, C V.
SINGAPORE— "Arrived Jan 27— Stmr - Glen
chlel. from- Tacoma, • via Yokohama, etc, 7 for
Jjondon.'- - "¦ ' , ' _" ' ,
¦ CHERBOURG— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grossc. from Kpw York.-
GLiABGOW — Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr Siberian,
frnri -.PhlladMr-hla. • Jan 28 — Stmr Mongolian,
from New V" 1 ' 1 '.' "¦'.' ' ''¦¦¦'
OCEAN. STEAMERS.
Arrived Jan "8 — Jajv atmr Iyo Mam (new),
from Yokohama: strr.rCIty of Puebla. hence
Jan UK: stmr Queen City, from northern ccm.«t.
PORT- '.FIRIE— Arrived '-Jan' 27— SMd Ha
waiian Isles, from C!iernalnu.«. I
AUAPULOO— Sailed Jan, 27 — Ghll stmr Tuca
!>el. frr Sf.n Francisco. v
QUEKNSTOWN — Arrived Jan 2S- — Br ship
Glenesslln.-. hence -Sept 2S: " I5r bark Sussex,
from Oregcn; 'Ital bark Emilia Ciampa,, hence
AllS 2l>..
VICTORIA— Sailed Jan 23— Br stmr Empref.'i
of Japan, for Yokohama and Horcrkons: H B
M stir.r Ecerla, in pearch of missing II B M
stmr (Condor. • [ ' . .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jp.n 14 — Jap stmr ,Iy.:
Maru. -for Victoria. Jan 21 — Br stmr Empress
of Chlnn, for Vancouver. ' • .
¦ CALLAO— Arrived prior • to* -Jen 2S — Schr
Oliver J- Ol«on. from Port Hadlock.
BI/TNILA — Arrived Jan 'JC — Br stmr Oceano,
f rom Tacoma.
. MORORAN— Arrived Jen 25— Br stmr For-,
crl'-*, from Astoria. ".
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 23— Br shin Nivelle,
for Sp.n Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
POR1< - TO \VNSEND— Arrived ' Jan ; 1 8— Er
stmr ' Wyefield, from Vladivostok, via Japan,
for Ccrr.os.'
! BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Jan 2S — Stmr
Luolla. • for Sj*n Francisco.
Arrived Jarf 2S — Stmr Navarro. hence Janu-.
ary 27. '
TIJ..LAMOOK— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Meteor,
for San , Pedro: Etmr W II Krugar, for San
Franc's :o. •' ¦ " ¦¦¦
TACOMA^Sailed . Jan 2S — Ger stmr Den- |
dcrah. for San Francisco. .
Arrived Jan ' 2S — Stmr Washtenaw, hence
Jan 23.
j Sailed Jan 28— Ger ship Alsterkamn, for
I Oueenstown. „•
i. .. . VEK'SUR A^r-s.Uclvcd ..Jan, _28— Barxe. . , Santa.
I Paula, hence Jan SO. 'and sailed for San Fran -
I Cisco in tow tu«r Rescue.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 28 — Schr North
B?nd. for San Francisco. " • ' ..
; .HOQUI AM— Arrived Jan 2S — Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Jam 24. iv. ¦ -, . ,-. . ;
¦i SAN • PEDRO — Arrived v Jan 2S—Bktn -Re
triever, from: Port Hadlock; stmr Bonita, hence
Jan 20. - ; -V. .... " •-•¦£,'¦ ¦• - >;
, , Sailed , ; Jan 5 2^— Schr ' Nokomlx, : for •>': Port
v Towneen'd ; ' stmr ..Bonita,* for San Francisco.- ,
' PORTLAND— Sailed;' Jan;^S-^Qer^ bark Se
lene and, Br. ship" Brackbraes, both.'for Queens
town :• Aiis' stmr Margherlta. for Manila: " ;
•-¦' UMPQUA — Sailed Jan 21— Schra Sadie and
.H.o«1r«. for dpvt -.T»«aro.- vj'
NEAH BAY — Passed in Jan 28 — Stmr City
of • Puebla. hence Jan 2t>, for Victoria and
Puget Sound ports; stmr Czarina, hence Jan
21, for Seatt'.e. <
Passed outward Jan 28— Br ship Loudon Hill,
for Oueenstown. ¦ ¦ ,*
U S stmr Columbine In bay.
Port Gamble; Jap stmr Rlojun Maru, fsr
Hongkong.
Arrived Jan 28 — Br etmr Pak Llns, from
Yokohama. ' ' . ¦ .
ASTORIA— Sailed. Jan -8— Stmr Columbia '
for ,- San .¦: Francisco;.^ Br ship .. Anaurus. fof
Queenstown ; . Br v ship -Scottish Minstrel,* for
Queenstown. . ¦ - ;¦ ..' .'.•'^•.. .
ELEELE— Sailed Jan 13-7Schr Churchill, for
Puget Sound.. --- --.; . ¦ .- . >. j
PORT . LUDLOW— Arrived . .Jan 27— Bark
Tidal- Wave,' hence . Jan 11.. • ¦ •
"PORT 'GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 27— Schr Ma
nila,' from -Victoria. ; ¦ . _ -,
. COOS : BAY— Sailed Jan 27. : 9 .p "m— Stmr
Alliance,- for Astoria.
. .- EURFKA — Sailed • Jan 28— Stmr . Iaqua,' '•for
San Francisco. " ;• " - - ¦--;'. . ¦¦- •-¦
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr - Farallon,'
from Lvnn' Canal. '.-'Jan 28 — Br stmr Alsroa. . for
EUREKA— Sailed ? Jan 27^-BriK . Geneva for
Sydney; stmrs Nswsboy.and Absrdeen for San
Francisco; stmr' Alliance, for Coos Bav •
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr St Den's -
for = Ensenada: - ' •: ¦/¦ . ¦ . ¦
Arrived Jan . 27— Schrs Amy and Neptune
from. Enscrnada. ' :. .. "" '
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Arcata for
San Francisco.
. PORT' T. OS ANGELES— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco. • .<*..-
Arrived; Jen 2T— Stmr Coqullle River, from
San Pedro." .'•'•;; ¦; ¦>, ¦• . ¦ . ~ . .
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan :¦ 27— Br shin r^n
turion, from Newcastle, NSW. : . . . -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS; Jan 28, - 10 p m—Weather
cloudy; wind NW,-. velocity. 28 miles. - luer
Schr Falcon was told to-day to J J'Mc-
Kenna. Price not elven. :.- v ¦• ¦ . -
VICTORIA, Jan — Stmr Queen City re
ports boat Ahousett belonging; to H B M stmr
Condor had small hardwood panel on bow
with braes C; broad arrow. on stem; Roman
numerals XVI on. bow and -letters S H'B'o-
S I I N , beneath andsSH OS below jthat: al3o
two iron grips, iron rinir,,four pieces galvan
ized chain tv/o feet long marked MT and S R
No further news; of. Br ship Red Rock. - Gold
watch number 50,833 and English thermomete
found. at Caoe Beale by -Lighthouse Keeper
Patterson. .¦ . ¦•:•
'Schr Alice McDonald, bound from Newcastle
Aue, for San Francisco, put into Samoa prior
to Jan 12 in distress. .Vessel was. to 'dlschartre
200 tons carpo • and proceed about Jan 1« for
San ' F^anciico. The vessel - wasr considsre-1
overdue at- San .Francisco and 20 per cent re
insurance was being paid* on her. " •' ,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per schr Mary Etta, from Siuslaw River
Jan 28, reports when off mouth of Siuslaw
River sighted schr Nettle Sundborg ashore arid
bottom «» at mouth . of Siuslaw River; both
masts gone. It> Is 'thought vessel would be a
total wreck.- Nettie SundborK left San Fran
cisco Dec 2S for Siuslaw Hlver. CaDtaln and
crew, saved. . ,
MEMORANDUM.
Srhr Mary E Russ, ; Nyman, Coos Eaj-. •¦';
Schr Barbara Hernster, Benedlktcn, Eureka.
Schr S' T Alexander, Johnson, Eureka and
Sydney. . . . .
-: ' . - . - Tuesday. January 2S. "
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldeett, Ventura.
Stmr Geo W Elder, . Randall, Aarpria.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Seattle. "•
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder. Panama.
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, Eui-eka.
Stmr'Progreso, Harding, Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, Santa Ci-uz. .
- Br stmr Willowdene, •¦ Smith, Sydney, ¦ Via
Fiji. ,. *
SAILED.
Stmr State o? ¦' California.' SwanRon.^ San
Biejfo; .Goodall, Perkins & Co. . ••.. - .»¦
Br. stmr ..Willowdene, riniith, Sydney, via Fiji
Inlands; Balfour, Guthrie i& Co.
.Bark Kaiulanj, Dabel/. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond &. Co. f ' ¦ ! ,., ¦.
:'.- ¦¦' ¦ : ' .. Tuesday* January 28."
- Stmr^City of -Para,' Zeeder, Panama;* P.«M
SS^Co. ' "* -- . ¦ ¦ •• -'¦"- '---¦¦ <- ;•¦ . ••¦ -s.-a
CLEARED,
Tuesday, January 28.
Stmr Arctic, ' Erickson, 15 . hours from Fort
Brasg. f .
Stnir Chehalis, Thompson, " CS hours * from
Grays Harbor.. . *
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, 78 hours from New
port. ' ¦¦ '- ¦ ¦ ' :.•¦' . "
Stmr Signal. Bendegard, 45 hours from Co-.-s
Bay.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. 40 houi s from Coos
Bay. \
. Stmr South Coast, .Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion. • -
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 13 hours from Point
Arena. < ...-—•——>>'•••..¦..'—•-¦• . -v -».,-.-,., v .
Stmr • Luclla.' Olsen, 9 hours from . Bowens
Landing.' . .. - . .-„,¦.¦
Brig Harriet: G, Pederson, 5 days from Grays
Harbor. . .,..¦¦;-. •,
Schr Mary Etta, : Halvordsen, hence - Dec ; 28
for. Siuslaw ; Hiver, returned on * account of
damaged centerboard, Ehitting ballast and run
ning * Khort of water. ' , ¦ '.
Schr' Alice, Grant. 6 "days from- Grays Har
bor.' r->"" ' ' ¦' • ¦' - * ; : ' '• ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogrraphlc Office, U. S. N.*, Mer
chants' Kxehange, San. Francisco, Cal.,
January 2S, 1902. -
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of . the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m , Greenwich mean time. ' '
¦ ¦ VT. H. STANDLET, ¦
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
Among the mail awaiting the arrival
the other day . of the Hongkong Maru
•were three postal cards from Japan. There
was one each for Captain Fllmer, Chief
Officer Bennington and Pirrser Freeman.
They were from the captain of the Jap
anese schooner Seisho Maru, from the
wreck of which Captain Filmer about two
years ago took off the officers and crew.
The Japanese had been without food for
twenty-one days. They were tenderly
cared for on board the Hongkong Maru,
brought to this port, entertained while
here by the steamship company and ulti
mately returned to Japan. The postal
cards contained wishes" for "a Happy
New Year to the gentlemen whose oppor-
Remember Their Rescuers.
Captain Sorenson of the steamship
Aconcagrua. and Captain Roberts cf the
steamship Llmarf of the Compania Sud
Americana de Vapores have been bor
rowed by the Chilean navy. According to
a private communication received here
yesterday the Chilean Government is
making preparations for trouble with
somebody. The republic has recently pur
chased in EnglanO two cruisers, three tor
pedo boat destroyers, three torpedo boats
and two big transports. It is for the pur
pose of bringing these two transports from
London to Valparaiso that the two cap
tains have been borrowed from the steam-
Ship company. Roberts and Sorenson are
well known in this port, where as hosts.
Chilean Navy Borroxrs Two Captaias.
NOTE— In the above exposition of ttie tide3
the early morning tides are given in the leU
hand column and the successive tides of . the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
tcurth time column gives the last tide oi the
day. except when there are but three tides, 'as •
sometimes occurs.- The heights given are '.in
addition to the soundings of the United' States
Coast Survey Charts, except. when a minus (^—)
sign precedes the height, 'and- then the number
given is subtracted from the depth Given by the
charts. The pinne -sf reference- Is the mean of
the -lower, low waters, i ¦'¦;¦¦: .
Captain Borchat of the French bark
Duchesse Anne, now lying in Oakland
Creek, was yesterday taken to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital suffering from gas
asphyxiation. He was unconscious when
he reached the hospital, but regained his
faculties under the treatment of Dr. Dig
gins. He was discovered early 'in the
morning- In a room at the Europe Hotel,
corner of Sansome and Pacific streets. He
had turned off the gas carelessly, and al
though extinguishing the light, . had left
the tap open just enough to admit the
escap* of gas to take him very near the
borderland of death. • He was '' taken
charge of during the afternoon by friends.
Overcome by Gas.
The British ship Clan Macpherson will lead
wheat at this port for Europe, ' rechartercd at
28s Od. The schooner S. T. Alexander will
load red-wood at Eureka for Sydney
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Paciiic Mail steamship City of Para
Eailed yesterday for Panama with passen
gers and freight.
The schooner Falcon was yesterday sold
by C. A. Hooper to J. -J. McKinnon. Cap
tain Treanor takes command under the
new management. •"'...¦ " ' ~ . : ,-
The steamship Meteor sailed from Tilla-'
mook January 27 with 1,040,000 feet of lum
ber, which she loaded in six days. She
is the largest steam veesel ever loaded at
Tillamook.
The Oliver J.' Olsen "is reported as hav
ing arrived safely at Callao. She left
Puget Sound 111 days ago and this is the
first news qf her." .
The army transport Warren was '¦ yes
terday taken to the Hunters Point dry
dock. The Grant was docked at the trans
port wharf.
The Willowdene sailed yesterday for
Fiji with he.r cargo of mules.
Water Front Notes.
guests and good fellows they both madi
themselves famous. They are now o:
their way to London.
Sun rises 7:17
Sun sets :........ 5:2;>
Moon rises. ....*. 11:37 p. m.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP IN A
HURRICANE WHILE CROSS
ING THE PACIFIC.
The British steamship Kirkdale. which
arrived late Monday night, fifty-one days
Irom Calcutta, had an exceptionally rough
trip. The wind blew from more direc
titfr.s than Captain Gibson could keep
track of and heavy rains poured down al
most incessantly. When in latitude 33 33 N.
and longitude 140 E.. the barometer dropped
to 2S.S3 and the Kirkdale was driven for
hours on the turbulent breath of a full
grown hurricane. Gales innumerable
were encountered. Captain Gibson's re
port brings small comfort to those inter
ested in the welfare of several sailing ves
tels supjxised to have been in the storm
region about the time the Kirkdale passed
through. On the Kelverdale, now out
fifty-seven days from Manila for Puget
Sound. 20 per cent reinsurance has been
paid. The French bark Oliver de Clisson.
142 Oays from Cayenne for this port, is
quoted at 10 per cent. Fears have also
been awakened for the safety of the
American ship St. Paul, seventy-one days
out from Manila for Puget Sound. The
Kirkdale brings a cargo of hemp and jute.
Sb«s->haJ5 -cot- yei-4jeen chartered,- -
Kirkdale Weathers a Hurricane.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29..
The French bark Moliere and the
schooner Roy Scmers arrived here yes
terday from Astoria. They sailed together
and passed through the heads within a
few hours of each other. They made the
passage in four, days, which is unusually
fast for sailing craft.
Both Made Smart Passages.
" The schooner Mary Etta, which re
turned yesterday" from Siuslaw after a
fruitless effort to make a landing, reports
the Nettle Sundborg a total wreck on thu
Siuslaw River. She was J sighted upside
down pounding against the shore. Cap
tain Larsen and the crew were saved.
The Mary Etta left here thirty days ago,
and, after trying for sixteen days to get
to Siuslaw, gave it up as a bad job and
returned to this port.
Nettie Sundborg a Wreck.
THE eteamship Sierra, which ar
rived on Monday from Australia,
brought news of the safety of the
overdue ship Alice McDonald, on
which 20 per cent reinsurance has been
paid, and for whose arrival in this port
but little hope was entertained. The Mc-
Donald arrived at Samoa, January 12,
leaking and short of frresh water. In or
der to make necessary repairs she was
obliged to discharge 200 tons of cargo.
"When the Sierra sailed Captain Marden
expected to be able to resume his voyage
without much further delay. The Mc-
Donald left Newcastle, Australia, for this
port ninety-eight davs ago.
tune arrival and kind hearts made it
possible for me to enjoy a few more."
XOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city • front (Mission-street . wharf) r about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of- tide is the same at both places.
Times • and Heights .• of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to .Sau
Kranclsca Bay. .Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.- : •
Captain J. S. , Bryan was before a sub
committee of the Senate : Committee on
Interoceanic Canals. to-day. He is an. old
sea captain and has spent much time in
the coastwise trade ; of ; Central America.
He also has had an experience of several
months in navigating -Lake Nicaragua
and has traversed the Panama route. He
expressed" a strong preference for the
Nk;aragua route . because of climate and
feasibility. . ;
The first provision looks to the acqui
sition of, the franchises, right of way and
other property of the new Panama Canal
Company of France, including that;com
pany's control of the Panama Railroad.
The President is authorized to pay $40,
000,000 for these, "provided a satisfactory
title can be. obtained.".' He is then au
thorized, to secure the necessary conces
sions from the republic .. of , Colombia,
these -to include the perpetual control of
a ten-mile strip of territory from the Ca
ribbean Sea to the Pacific Ocean. A ca
nal sufficient to accommodate the largest
vessels is then' to be constructed under
the supervision of the Secretary of War.
The bill also carries an alternative pro
vision authorizing the President to pro
ceed with the construction of the Nica
ragua canal in case he fails; to secure the
necessary concessions from . Colombia or
a satisfactory title from the Panama Ca
nal Company. An immediate appropria
tion of $10,000,000 is made in either event.
The limit of cost is fixed at $135,000,000 in
case the Panama route Is: chosen,- while
$160,000,000 is allowed -in case the choice
falls on the Nicaragua route.: • -
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— Just before
the adjournment of the. Senate to-day
Senator Spooner introduced a substitute
for the Nicaragua, canal bill. The new
bill is 'a practical' authorization to the
President of the United States to choose
between the Panama and" the Nicaragua
routes..
Sea- Captain Tells the Law
makers About the Two
Substitute for Canal Bill
Introduced in the
Senate. : .-;
Twenty Per Cent ¦Reinsurance Has Been Paid oh- Her and She Was
Almost Given Up, but the Sierra Reports Her Undergoing
Repairs in the South Sea Island Port With All the Grew Well
OVERDUE SHIP ALICE M'DONALD
IS SAFE IN HARBOR AT SAMOA
GIVES CHOICE
TO PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAKUARY 29, ; 1902,
TO SAIL,.
5
Steamer.
For.
Sail*.
Cottape City. Skagway &Way Ports. | Jan." 30
City Seattle. . SkaKway. & .Way Ports. Feb." . 4
Al-Kl........ Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
Dlrigo. . ..... Skagway , & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Berth*........ Valdez & Way: Ports... Feb.. 7
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
bteamer. Destination. ISa!l».| y iK r.
January 29. |
'hoenlx... Mendocino City . 3 cm Piern
Lrgo. . . . . . Coquille River 4 pm pier 2
trj,-yll N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier lu
iureka Humboldt » am f i tr Jj
>tateCal.. g a n Diego & Way.. Oam Pier 11
January 30. -
Jequola.... Grays Harbor. ...... 12 m Pier 2
1 * c " tJ> • ¦ • • Coos B. /t Pt. Orford. 12 m Pier 13
,nenalis.,. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier
iome City, j^os Angeles Ports.. 3 pm Pier >3
roosBay.. San Pedro & Way.. » am Pier 11
i. K. Maru China & Japan. 1 pm PMSS
January 31.
Empire Coos Bay ..... . 12 m|Plerl3
\icaria Hamburg & Way Pts ...... rier 34
lueea Puirct Sound Ports. . 11 am I Pier '»
. February 1. 'I
"*oip"na... l»umbolrtt :.; l*30p P'«r !>
"t. Arena.. p o lnt Arena 1 2 pmlPler 2
lainler Seattle & N. What.. 6 pm Pier 2
February 2.
£ Dollar. Grays ¦ Harbor.". ..... — pm Pier 2
olumtim.. Astoria .« Horilai.d.ill ui: rier 2»
r. Kimball. Seattle & Tackmia . . 1 10 am Pier 2
Spokane... San Diego & Way.. I 9 am Pier Jl
February 3.
Jonlta Newport & Way...; 9am Pier 11
Vewburg.. Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
February 4. |
Sorth Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Febrnary 5. .
Imatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier 0
.landalay. Coquille River : (5 pm Pier • 2
Uval Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Febrnary 0. '. v
}. Dollar. . Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
)enderah.. Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Pier 31
rucapel... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Sierra..... Sydney & Way Pts.. 10 am | Pier 7
Uliance... Portland & Coos^ iPler —
'oronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler 2
February- 7. |
;. Elder... Astoria & Portland. Ml am Pier 24
>elanaw. . N. York via Panama] 2 pmlPier 16
3hlna.. .. . China and : Japan. . .| 1 pmlPMSS \
;uracao... Mexican Ports ...|10 am|Pierll
bttamer.
I
bCeainer.
I
rom.
I L>u:
Argo Coqullle River. |Jan. 20
uainitr Seattle & N. \Vhatcom.|Jan. :.'«
San Pedro Grays Harbor ,Jan. 2U
J. S. Kimba.l Seattle <& Tacoma iJan. a»
NomeCity... San Pedro Jan. 23
Iaqua Humboldt Jan. 29
Crescent City Crescent City Jan. 30
Columbia Portland Ac Astoria ja.i. oi»
tiiKu i-ioa*.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. .SO
PL Arena — . Point Arena ,...,,.. Jan 30
Pomon» ::;¦; :v Humboldrv. ".':..'. r. Jan.' 36'
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 30
Newburg Grays Harbor j an 30
Chthalis..... Grays Harbor •. Jan 30
VJctorla Oyster Harbor.. ...Jan 30
Aztec... Tafcoma Jan. 31
Pleiades..... Seattle . . . . .Tan 31
Washtenaw.. Tacoma . .... Jan "-31
City s>>dney-. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan' 31
hoiiiu.,. Newport «p Way Ports. Jan i, 31
Leelanaw.... New York via' Panama. Jan?.H
Denderah.... Seattle ..;.....-.;_.... j a ri; 31
Mackinaw... Tacoma .'......... Teb 1
tui«d Humboldt ... ..".... Feb' ' 1
Umatllla fuget Sound Ports..... *>b' 1
Xorth Fork.. ITumboldt . ...; : pib 1
Sta. Barbara. Humbo'dt .• Feb" •»
K. Dollar.... Soattle & Hadlock .... ' Vtb &
M. Dollar 5an I*edro . Feb' 1
Caronado Orays Harbor ..:.... ' p^b' 2
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria. ... Feb' "
Mandalay Coquille River Feh' •»
Rival Willapa Harbor Feb' "
State Cal san Diego A Way Ports Feb* 2
O. Dollar.... Hiays Harbor Feb' "
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb' 3
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb 3
Tucapel ...... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb! 4
<;. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria .. Feb 1
«~oos Hay Newport & Way Port'. Feb' 4
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.... Feb' r
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ..... r e b' n
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.. ... Feb' »;
Spokane San Diego & Way Pta. .. Feb' fi
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports.. Feb' 7
Doric j China and Japan Feb' 7
O Time Time Time Time
»i Ft. Ft. . Ft. Ft.
? H W ¦> I. W . H \V L W .
29 3:42 .6.3 10:00 1.9 4:01 4.0 9:33 1 S
30 4:26 5.2 10:59 .1.8 5:13 3.7 10:20 23
31 5:14 C.I 12:0.! 1.6 0:3a 3.5 11:15 2 7
1 6:00 5.0 1:00 1.2 T:50 3.C..
L W H W| L Wi H W
2 0:10 2.9 6:50 5.0 1:50 OS S-54 38
3 1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9:44 4 0
4 1:08 2.9 S:1S 5.1 :;:14 0,2 10:25 43
5 2:46 2.0 9:00 5.1 3:30 0.0)11:01 4.4
Steamer.
For.
Sail*.
Cottape City. Skagway &Way Ports. | Jan." 30
City Seattle. . SkaKway. & .Way Ports. Feb." . 4
Al-Kl........ Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
Dlrigo. . ..... Skagway , & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Berth*........ Valdez & Way: Ports... Feb.. 7
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
bteamer. Destination. ISa!l».| y iK r.
January 29. |
'hoenlx... Mendocino City . 3 cm Piern
Lrgo. . . . . . Coquille River 4 pm pier 2
trj,-yll N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier lu
iureka Humboldt » am f i tr Jj
>tateCal.. g a n Diego & Way.. Oam Pier 11
January 30. -
Jequola.... Grays Harbor. ...... 12 m Pier 2
1 * c " tJ> • ¦ • • Coos B. /t Pt. Orford. 12 m Pier 13
,nenalis.,. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier
iome City, j^os Angeles Ports.. 3 pm Pier >3
roosBay.. San Pedro & Way.. » am Pier 11
i. K. Maru China & Japan. 1 pm PMSS
January 31.
Empire Coos Bay ..... . 12 m|Plerl3
\icaria Hamburg & Way Pts ...... rier 34
lueea Puirct Sound Ports. . 11 am I Pier '»
. February 1. 'I
"*oip"na... l»umbolrtt :.; l*30p P'«r !>
"t. Arena.. p o lnt Arena 1 2 pmlPler 2
lainler Seattle & N. What.. 6 pm Pier 2
February 2.
£ Dollar. Grays ¦ Harbor.". ..... — pm Pier 2
olumtim.. Astoria .« Horilai.d.ill ui: rier 2»
r. Kimball. Seattle & Tackmia . . 1 10 am Pier 2
Spokane... San Diego & Way.. I 9 am Pier Jl
February 3.
Jonlta Newport & Way...; 9am Pier 11
Vewburg.. Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
February 4. |
Sorth Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Febrnary 5. .
Imatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier 0
.landalay. Coquille River : (5 pm Pier • 2
Uval Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Febrnary 0. '. v
}. Dollar. . Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
)enderah.. Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Pier 31
rucapel... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
Sierra..... Sydney & Way Pts.. 10 am | Pier 7
Uliance... Portland & Coos^ iPler —
'oronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler 2
February- 7. |
;. Elder... Astoria & Portland. Ml am Pier 24
>elanaw. . N. York via Panama] 2 pmlPier 16
3hlna.. .. . China and : Japan. . .| 1 pmlPMSS \
;uracao... Mexican Ports ...|10 am|Pierll
bttamer.
I
bCeainer.
I
rom.
I L>u:
Argo Coqullle River. |Jan. 20
uainitr Seattle & N. \Vhatcom.|Jan. :.'«
San Pedro Grays Harbor ,Jan. 2U
J. S. Kimba.l Seattle <& Tacoma iJan. a»
NomeCity... San Pedro Jan. 23
Iaqua Humboldt Jan. 29
Crescent City Crescent City Jan. 30
Columbia Portland Ac Astoria ja.i. oi»
tiiKu i-ioa*.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. .SO
PL Arena — . Point Arena ,...,,.. Jan 30
Pomon» ::;¦; :v Humboldrv. ".':..'. r. Jan.' 36'
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 30
Newburg Grays Harbor j an 30
Chthalis..... Grays Harbor •. Jan 30
VJctorla Oyster Harbor.. ...Jan 30
Aztec... Tafcoma Jan. 31
Pleiades..... Seattle . . . . .Tan 31
Washtenaw.. Tacoma . .... Jan "-31
City s>>dney-. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan' 31
hoiiiu.,. Newport «p Way Ports. Jan i, 31
Leelanaw.... New York via' Panama. Jan?.H
Denderah.... Seattle ..;.....-.;_.... j a ri; 31
Mackinaw... Tacoma .'......... Teb 1
tui«d Humboldt ... ..".... Feb' ' 1
Umatllla fuget Sound Ports..... *>b' 1
Xorth Fork.. ITumboldt . ...; : pib 1
Sta. Barbara. Humbo'dt .• Feb" •»
K. Dollar.... Soattle & Hadlock .... ' Vtb &
M. Dollar 5an I*edro . Feb' 1
Caronado Orays Harbor ..:.... ' p^b' 2
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria. ... Feb' "
Mandalay Coquille River Feh' •»
Rival Willapa Harbor Feb' "
State Cal san Diego A Way Ports Feb* 2
O. Dollar.... Hiays Harbor Feb' "
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb' 3
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb 3
Tucapel ...... Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb! 4
<;. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria .. Feb 1
«~oos Hay Newport & Way Port'. Feb' 4
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.... Feb' r
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ..... r e b' n
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.. ... Feb' »;
Spokane San Diego & Way Pta. .. Feb' fi
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports.. Feb' 7
Doric j China and Japan Feb' 7
O Time Time Time Time
»i Ft. Ft. . Ft. Ft.
? H W ¦> I. W . H \V L W .
29 3:42 .6.3 10:00 1.9 4:01 4.0 9:33 1 S
30 4:26 5.2 10:59 .1.8 5:13 3.7 10:20 23
31 5:14 C.I 12:0.! 1.6 0:3a 3.5 11:15 2 7
1 6:00 5.0 1:00 1.2 T:50 3.C..
L W H W| L Wi H W
2 0:10 2.9 6:50 5.0 1:50 OS S-54 38
3 1:06 3.0 7:35 5.0 2:35 0.5 9:44 4 0
4 1:08 2.9 S:1S 5.1 :;:14 0,2 10:25 43
5 2:46 2.0 9:00 5.1 3:30 0.0)11:01 4.4
\ / As our great half-price sale is drawing to a close, the jj
! ' interest seems to increase day after day. •
Irs' 1 \ :'i' : ¦ ~~~. — ' .•¦ I
I it It demonstrates the fact that the public are /always •
> ready to grasp advantages that have the stamp of reality. J
j ..For the balance, of this week we will offer some drives J
I FLANNELETTE NIGHT SHIRTS, extra heavy,. $1.00/ 8
I ' . .. ; ¦._ ¦ , . . .• ¦ • }'
) A GOOD GLOVE, fitted and guaranteed, $1.00 per pair. %
and PERCALE COLORED SHIRTS, regular |
» $1.50 and $1.00 stvles, 50ceach.*: : 9
5 ••- " { — . . ...;¦ .. .. ......S
J WORSTED RIBBED UNDERWEAR,, fast, colors, lav- g
• render and blue— Form-fitting— Regular $3.00. quality, :;.••
>r $1.50 each." ©
I NECKWEAR that will cost 50c wherever you go, we are ©
» ..'selling at 25c. . ~ ©
a ¦ '¦¦ ' • — ¦ : — ¦hHIHw* ®
> These are selected at random from the numerous bar- J
I gains we are offering, but they will serve as an illustration •
J : of v our prices. Kellers CUSTOM SHIRTS are getting •
i more and more popular. — %
[. •¦ ¦ i \;;,V ; '..' '. , I
\ 1028=1030 MARKET STREET. I
*M*»M*M* o * M *j, M »MW K V*rMW VM****&***»,**,tte*KK*%**XX*X,*
J Valentines, ¦- Premiere J
I WO2 Design*, fiif EN(POR|||H S5SSK J
£' Are Reader m ** * Callfori^A La.r9C»tj- Strut and mning colors— lest "5
Mrv ncduy. pi ArrvcncaJd Orajvdcst .Store - gtcv* that can bfnud* to uil at X
IC . this price. j5
i Wide-Awake Retailing. $
| We constantly strive to. have . better goods here than elsewhere at the same price; or %
*; just as- good articles at a lower price— not ? lo-dav or to-morrow, but all of the time. J
J» The last days of the "e'ean-up" sales in all departments; th: offering of Colored Silks; the sale of the Schwartz stcck of jj
g ¦'¦.' -Men's Clothing at 56c cij the dolar; extraordinar/ . offcringj of -Tcnn"s Fannel, Ladies' Leggin?, P. D. Corsets, X
jfv Velour Squares, D, ess Goods, etc., are among* the good things that await to-day's throng of shoppers. Here arc a J|
K few of th: items: • - ' - ¦ : 3
\ $1*25 Silks for 73<B. Odds and Ends Sale |
S A large-special purchase of pure dye Col- H ,/" Ml * ®° od * P? f'^T^H £$
If ... -j r ¦ 1 t- rr 'I. 11- Half rr.ee now for all odd piece? of stuned linen Cushion Tops, Hand-.Jf
JV Ored rre,nCn laitetaS, an eXtra heavy, kerchi.-f C*ses,.Tab ? e Coven, Burbp Rugs, Photograph Holders* .*
«?. gOOd Wearing, 22-inch Silk, ln'flf teen COl- L ; u " dr ' Bi ® » ' 8ome : of thcm^mpedin pleasing patterns, some j
IV - ° . . . j. ¦¦¦¦* •_ . , . . , , cf them started pieces, and some that are finished ready for use. A . JJ
V ;-. OringS, including .White, pink', DlUe, naVy, lot of pretty a-tlcles in this assortment that are rare bargains at half 5
v emerald, etc.'a silk suitable for high grade p^c«- ~ .- , . „.,- J
Jfl when bought in th? regular .way at f 1.25 § for ™ a ™ en an f a > r ' s ' I
£ U«^ A~a it.; ¦ ¦ '--'i ¦'• 1 ¦ ¦ An opportunity to buy thu c ass of goo. s that is not apt to •*
£ peryard, thlS Week Only, a rare _ -^ -.oon present itSelf .gain. Note The price, and lay in a $
J. bargain, per vara....... #^«r , tock sg ,j nJt a rainv day or for at hi ct : c pirposes. j
_ -~ ; ; — "T~ Ladies' DIac'c Jersey Lc|8'ns—F.ne qua' ity, buttoned to the '*
K DreSS (StOOd S "BieSn-Uflm" tcp above the knee, all s;zcs, sold regaarly per %[
V :¦¦ Only TWO Of Many items*. par; sale price this wc=k. 73C $
i $ But they are va'uts that don't happen more th n once or Lldltt', Blrck Jjncy Lfgjlns— Sup:rior quality, buttoned to j
.*'' ¦ twice a year. ' th: knee, all sizes, sold regularly at 75c per pa:r; sale x
We have 1 25 yards only of 56-inch Cof Skirting- all-wool; several '¦ price this week. . . . . . 58c ** .
1 |f different styles, plaid backs, pebble and Melton cloths, in an excellent MiSSCS* and Children's Black JiTSey Ltj[gia$ — Extra quality, Jt
1 J of colorings. They «- re cur reguar and $ 2 .oo buttled to the top abov^ ihctnee, all sizes, sold rcgu- 5
r» qualitcs, but on account of the smallnfss or ea:h s:p- iff* 4f •£ (Th t t - o t • ._• 1 er *> *5
j % arate let we have marked them to close at once, >£ l&BalKU \ larI X P :r P a:r - *> C > Sale P r " C : th " weck "• • 58tS g
|£ 150 yards of T wed Check* ard Mixtures— Strictly all-wooljsp'endid <mr'm ' ' ~mm ~~mZ **% \ *• jm {r
% quality and we ; ght for bicycle suits and walking costumes; inch-s THeSQ FfTl3it EsOV/SS l^B'tSa jj
V . wide, in a variety of styiish chicks and mixtures:" our rcra- ' 4Bt in » ' 11 -» • •. *• r • 1 ' -M
S lar|,. 5 o qu.lity; m.4ei .0 "clean-un" quick, F eryd" €$S$G An ««llert imitation of cut gla SS . -^-j-^rx-^-. S
» : ••. : .» ' - - - • : - ¦¦ • 8 in hrs in diameter, suiuble for X
I Ten StB^kfay "GSQan-Up" Prices. Crockery Department to-day, xvz $
«• 350 yards of Wat -rp o:f Skirt Binding; black, navy, green, brown and h.V ' marked them f4o -
g tan; worth 8c yari; "cleai-u?" price . . . . ! . .'- . .- . . . 5c ' ~ 2
X icoo yards of A. M. W. Waterproof Skirt Binding; navy, olive, garnet . ' ¦_. w ¦ . _ _ » & ¦'
g andmyrfe; worth ioe yard; "dean-up"- price .. . . ... B'S Gl*OC&m&S SUlti Lt£$U05*S X
S Unmatchabfe Wadnesday Bargains |
3?o yard^swell Dress Facing, 3 inches wide; as-orttd colors; per ya-d . Best Eastern EaCOn — A Streak of lean and fat;' sugar cured; X
|1 400 dozen Kid Hair Curler,, 4 'to ' 5 }< inc'hrs; dozen .' .' '. '. '. f^J ?£P**Z V "^r '' V " V' i' ¦ V ' * ' °«
V 40 dozen boxes Gold Hairpi ! i bcxeo. ... . . . So Kona CoIIcc— A brand which is meeting great favor with £
tf 60 dczsn packe:s PrinccfS Wavs Japanned Hairpins, now marked 3 . consumers; to-day, per IB". ; f3o •*
V packets. .... . . . . . . . . \ . . ... . . . ff G c v dahv's Diamond C Soap— A standard kitchen brand; to- 5
•» 145 dozen extra heavy Horn Bones, per dozen. . - . Sc j l zsn~. *
\ 100 gruss Whit= H ,oks and Eyes; larg s'z,, card of z doz.n. : . 2% d * Y ' ! b "* ' '' S I C • "j* *
*? io gross Japanned D e:s Stitls, doz:n . . . 5O Ghirardclll's firound Chocolate— I- b tins; to-day . ..25c .| -
%¦_ — — - — — - — ! — '—' ''"':• Soda Crackers— Frc?h and crisp, y£ boxes; to-day. .39o •*
*? ./^ C^n^fa I7*» BaKinj Powder — Our Emporium money-back kind; to-day, 5j
\m KentveKy BdleWhiskey-A choice bcurbon that wiU^e |
j j£ ~; Nile gre. ; n, etc., worth 25c; specbl to day satis 'action; to-day, full quart bottles 55c £
jtf- each. ,...'.;¦. ...... .;:...:.. . . ; .17c ' : ¦¦" ¦ — — : — X
£ \ M — -— feigg Tennis Fiannei Saie. S
g > V/Si&Ur Squares, 3 7Ca A v:ry desirable and extensivi line of Flannelettes,, gco^ for co'd jj
Another of our famous sales of Ve!our Squarrt.; for cushion top3 and " weather undsr wear, nightgowns, etc., in dainty coloring3; good, sub. "tj
•? chair seats and backs; 500 offered to-day; beautiful patt.-rns, richly stantial, serviceable fabrics, worth from a third to a half more than w e &
|( colored, s'z: 25 inches square, only. ....... . . . . . 37c quote them, are added to the "clean-up" sale at, per yard . . . 6 O j»
tf — — - — — — ; : : ¦ — • : : : g
I ¦ C#afw#;Sa/e---Sonomas .choice production; an extra *
% value, table Claret that we .ask you to compare with the 75c grade you $
*I buy elsewhere. Our price to-day only-, -per gallon.. ..: «^« r j
4W4WA-4 -4^**'** mWA'A'AA'****:*'*'* '4°**'+W+ '***¦*¦*'* A°*A*A* '*'*'*r*A'A"**W*tt*^Vt^^^Vl VlVt Wa'4'4* ***'*•*'**
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
a San Franciuco.- 'Wednesday, '29 January, 1902. . '. -• -•'.".:¦'
I Colonial rocker, $10.00
o ¦ : : _ '. : _o
') Built of oak, finished a rich . golden brown, with "rush"
l; seat. It is quite evident that, "rush" seat chairs are coming into
I popular favor again and the price we quote on this rocker is a •
¦¦ ray little one— only ten dollars. You may have a chair to
match for the same price.- . • • >
\Ve also have the same' design in both rocker and chair,
in imitation mahogany finish, at ten dollars each.
Our fourth floor is resplendent with newness, and it is
here that 1 you will find the above rocker amidst a multitude of
other desirable designs.
The thermometer registers to a comfortable degree within
this building, notwithstanding the biting • cold without— every
floor steam-heated.
j O ¦ — . _ _Q . I
((Successors to California Furniture Co.)
s 957 to 977 MarKct Street/ Opp. Golden Gate Avenue, jEPISCOPALIANS OF CALIFORNIA
MEET IN DIOCESAN CONVENTION
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO. choicest Winter '
Resort In the world, offers beat livlns, climate.*"'
boating, bathing:, . fishing and most amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock. manaser. Coronado. G**-
What does it profit a young inventor to devise a
wireless telegraph and lose his girl? The next time
Marconi gets a fiancee he had better put a barbed
wire cinch on her. You can't , hold the. modern
maiden by the wireless process.
X ,? i 8 ? 6 « he n r . e were 2 - 28£> . 3 22 children en
rolled In 31,594 public schools in European
Russia, with 67.5S0 teachers. .This Is a
small ratio for a population of 95.000,000,
but It Is large compared with previous
years.
: ;:The:very;: t worthy editor 61 The : Independent of
$ a . nta . Jj"j ara ha - s a CJ fse against himself to'brush up
his recollection of California jpoetry.' He attributes
Bret. Harte's lines, "For ways thar are dark;: and i
tricks that are vain", the heathen Chinee is peculiar,"^
to; Mark Twain,: who might naturally wish that • he
One bottle of Burnett's Vanilla Extract is
better than three of doubtful kind. Thoush cost
ins a few cents more per bottle. Its purity and
great strength make It most economical brand.
A letter was recently received at the United States
Senate addressed ta "The nerviest man in the Sen
ate." It was offered tc Penrose of Pennsylvania and
he took it, but the incident must have' happened at a
time when Billy Mason was absent.
1 1 .* 1^' Roos 1 evel t. though the young
est chief executive, is a year older than
Emperor William of Germany who is 4 "
The Czar is but 31, Emanuei II 33 Wfl
helmlna 21 and Alfonso Xlllli
;A- localVfootpad who received a few days ago' a
sentence of thirty-three years in the penitentiary said
he didn't understand the seriousness . of his offense.
Giving him the benefit of every doubt in reference/to
the stupidity, of his mental apparatus, •he certainly has
time enough, to reach a:stern realization that he of
fended somewhat against the law. r
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and publlo men by Un»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moni-
COiaery street. Telephone Main 1W£ •
With a stately delegation of Americans attending
• King Edward's coronation and the people at home
giving a genuine American welcome to Prince Henry
of Germany, it would seem that we are going to have
a royal enough time this year to suit the highest
fact. • 6
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. .bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel bunding! •
CaL. Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.'
Professor Garner, who some years ¦ ago set about
teaching apes to speak, .may have been forgotten by
the public, but he hasn't forgotten himself, and he
now announces that in a comparatively short time'he
expects toiappear on the platform with three apes," all
of them speaking English, so we may; as well look
cut for a genuine novelty in the way of a -vaudeville
stunt. : ; •¦
Ex. strong tooarhound candy. Townsend's.*
A Cornell' professor, has organized a society each
member of which signs a pledge to will his brain for
dissecting purposes after, death. -The only disappoint
ing feature of the affair is/that all who are ready to
make the coveted wills have.no brains of value to
bequeath.
The heavy sentences which the Superior Judges of
this city have been imposing on footpads will be ac
cepted, it is hoped, by that gentry of the night in the
spirit in which they are given. "We like our midnight
marauders well enough to keep them with us for the
.term of their natural lives— within penitentiary walls.
Mrs. Lease, once of Kansas, but. who for some time
has been .lost in obscurity in New York, has bobbed
up in that city to take part in the .controversy over
the Sunday closing law^a^d this is what she says: "I
would make ¦;.wh'isky"as^freei as" water; I.wouldilet
the man who wants it drink hisfill.^ It would, re
sult beneficially in killing off, a lot of saloon fre
quenters-, and/ .would bring .into practical operation
the law of the survival of the fittest.'' It is clear Mrs.
Lease, is -not bidding for the presidency of the
W. C. T. U. ':-'¦"¦:¦¦: If
Up to the present time the men who have been en-]
1 ffased in developing Alaska : have had comoarativel v •
.Gold is by.no means the only product that Alaska,
offers to reward enterprise. It is believed 'by some
investigators that the copper mines of the country
are the rich'est in the world, and that it, wpiyd.be well,
worth while to construct a considerable railway for '
the purpose of developing the copper districts^ even;
if nothing else were in sight. .
Reports from Alaska encourage the- expectation
that the line will be prpfitable from' the start. The
railway, from Skagway to the Upper Yukon is said
to have paid for itself in a single season. ( That, of
course, .was due to, the exceptional rush of business
to supply the miners in the Klondike, and a repeti
tion of the success cannot be counted on elsewhere.
Nevertheless a line that will; bring therrich gold re
gions around Nome into closer communication with
the outer, world -will be almost certain to pay ' even
tually. '¦¦ -There is the further prospect that the con
struction of, the road would lead to. the development
of gold fields elsewhere and would' thus make busi
ness for itself at many points.
The introduction of the bill is an evidence that
large capitalists are ready to engage-in the task of de
veloping the Territory. The construction of such a
line even when aided by the : proposed land grant will
require the expenditure of a vast sum of private capi
tal, for it is by no means certain that the land grants
will be worth much; Of course the work would not
be undertaken without 1 good prospects of profit, and
it may^ be assumed that the men who are promoting
the enterprise have satisfied themselves on that point.
A~BlLL na.-ii^SL-^cf^ifferi^Oanizress grant
ing alternate sections of land in Alaska'to al'd'
in the construction "of a certain railway in x
said Territory and for other purposes." While the
route of the proposed road has not been definitely
settled, it is announced that it will start at Cooks
Inlet, and run in a northwesterly direction to apoint
on Bering Strait, thus opening up communication
with St. MichaeJ, Nome and the lower region of the
Yukon. . : ¦•"•••¦•¦•' • '
iTRANS-ALASKAN RAILWAY. (
Professor Gayley of State TTnlversity
Delivers Interesting Lecture.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley, Ph. D '
of the University of California delivered
a highly Interesting lecture on "The Poe
try of the Bible" ln.tbermeetlnghan.or St !
Luke's uChurch^laSt evening. The^ lecture
w^rone-df undent
Cor?mfssion. the DI ° CeSan Su nday- S chool
\J?° « S3O J, Ga > le y Proved very entertain-
Ln^' h l CU u S f d P as3 ages of the Bi^e
=Pm f£ ed , thelr P oe tlcal beauty. He
EJi!. the J )0 £ K ,7 ras filled wlth sonnets and
J?Ji?L- H w balleved the Book ot Job and
Ooethe s Faust were the two greatest
H°.^ e^ r W J lt t en^ n , the mystery 5 of life.
He considered the Book of Job even supe
nn 1 ;^ 0 ;^ 11 ?- J? e then dwelt at lenglh
on the twenty-third Psalm, which he said
™ v VCI J much like Browning's lyrics. He
analyzed psalma and passages and en
fo S u h nd n in d the BiblT" ° n the ldyls to be
At the close of the lecture Bishop Nich
ols called the meeting of the Diocesan
Sunday-school Institute to order. As the
secretary was absent. Dr. ¦ Wilson re
w^ Wed r, the T»" WOrk ot the Previous meeting.
Rev. Dr. Parsons read a report of the
n<3 S y -" sc ?° o1 workers, which was adoyt-v
ed. The following officers were elected
for the ensuing year: President, Bishop
Nichols; vice president. Rev. Dr. Clam
pett; secretary. Rev. Mr. Shaw
-FOETBY OF "THE BIBLE.
Mrs. William Astor has applied at Newport for
citizenship in Rhode Island, for the purpose, it. is
said, of escaping" New York* 'taxation. This is notso
bad as Waldorf -Astor'sj expatriation ftfjhirfiself by be
comingTa 1 Britislvsubjectj^uitaust.tbe same it leaves
New. York'- without an Astpr to run society, and now
with the politic*!' capital of $?¦ Country^ .Washing
ton and -the -social capital at Newport Ncw-York'Gity
sin.:s to. the. level of a. way station. : >: / "s '-• •
Directors of the corporation of the diocese
Rev. A. H. Phelps. Rev. -W.- C. Shaw. Rev
D. O. Keller. Herbert Folger, William "A: M
Van Bokkelsn. 'Rev. !r. a. Emery, A. N
Drown and John A. Wright:
-.- Beard of. mission*— Rev. " Drs. Swan. : Lacey.
Sanford. Weeden.';. Davis and Parsons; George,
E. Butler, Colonel Middleton and Dr. Davis.
.An adjournment waa- taken until • 9
o'clock this morning.
Standing committee: Clergy — Rev. Dr
dampen. Rev. E. J. Lion. Rev. Robert
Ritchie and Rev. R, c. Foute; lay— Major
Hooper. George G. Butlct A. S. Bacon,
Brace King. C. D. Haven, A. N. Drown,
"William Babcock, Vincent Neale and A J
Reed.
General missions— Rev. E. I* Parsons Vin
cent Neale, Colonel Middleton and J. H
Kellogg:.
The following nominations were made
for various committees and will be voted
on to-morrow:
Committee Nominations.
A report on church work and univer
sity centers was read and the committee
allowed to continue. The Rev. Dr. Kelley
submitted the report of a special com
mittee to whom was referred by the last
convention certain proposed amendments
to section 531 of the canons. The report
was adoDted.
than ten days* written notice thereof and
statins the purpose of the meeting to be th9
selection of a rector. The warden shall at
the same time notify the Bishop of the
time and place of such meeting and Invite
him to be present thereat. Upon tho expira
tion of twenty days after su<jh meeting the
church warden shall call a meeting of the
vestry, giving not less than five days' writ
ten notice, thereof and stating the purpose
of the meeting to be the election of a rector.
It shall require an affirmative vote of a ma
jority of the full number of vestrymen to
elect a rector.
Finances— W.'-.B. Hooper. L. :m/ 1 Rlngwal't '
.Dr. H. 1 C. . Davis, • C. D.Slavin and W. A. M.
.', Van . Bokkelen: ' ¦. •¦ ;• • -. ;
Incorporation j and admission of parish mis
sions—Rev. I F. J.. Mynard, Alexander : Gray
and. O.;E. Bennett.
• Committees Appointed.
.; On reconvening Bishop . : Nichols an
nounced' that' the first thing in order waa.
the of the standing com
mittees of the convention/ including those
appointed .--before the convention. They
are,' as; follows:"
'Credentials — Rev,. ,M. . D. "Wilson, O. H.
Hooke and W. E." Dean.
, r The services closed with a hymn and
prayer. After the services 1 the conven
tion assembled for organization. Bishop
Nichols rapped for order at 1 o'clock, and
after announcing the rules governing the
seating of delegates announced j that the
.seceretary would proceed with the roll
call of the. "clergy. 'Forty-four .responded.
The -1 oil call of, the lay .. delegates wa3
then held! and a' quorum was noted pres
ent. The Rev. R, B. Wilson was elected
secretary and "W. E," Dean assistant sec
retary. . A recess was then taken: until 3
o'clock. ; ¦ • ¦¦ ¦' -'..¦•. ¦;-¦¦•
. . But . Just ; where does the law come In? you
may ask. Is not this liberty, however well up
to a certain point,- in danger of becomins
license? Is not the tendency one, if unchecked,
liable to run into rank individualism ? , ; It
must be admitted that such a concern is not
without Justification. In periods of transition
there are : always men who go too far.
The fact that two congregations of the
Protestant Episcopal church : do not have their
ornaments, or, ritual of. worship the same, in
itself .is not a reproach; it' Is a simple ex
hibition of the workings of the liberty which
is given, to the church: 1 'And if just now these
.divergences are especially attracting attention
throughout : the church . it '¦ may only be, as I
have already intimated, the dawning of an era
of better understanding and of wider-mlnded
ness.. touching both catholic liberty and cath
olic law. in the conduct of public. worship. It
may mean not disintegration, ' but relntegra
tion, ¦ not so , much hapless etrife as the stir of
larger j life. '
Views on Bitualism.
y But; again, :;the 1 unity.*. with' Itself of ;that
divine agency in its oneness and identity, wher
ever It. is revealed .. In ::ihuman;;i. affairs ;.' in no
senso depends iipon v our V"keeping.7r and /.the
text'. cannot -therefore: mean: to z exhort' ' us --.to
anythlng-:like,ithat ' as Lan -object '. of qurEeffort
In qits-cblddingl'.to, the'; endeavor to .-keep! the'
Unity .flt-the- Spirit;*"' And »so we. narrow :down
thei apostolic zcharge to .its .'practicable lhnits
and:.reach : >it3"'preclse paint. .< The apostle por
trays ;a: cpndition r of .; things among those^..to
whom hflfiwasj writing which -leaves '.no doubt
as to the' pith of this appeal.-. Indeed, -in this
same -iourth^' chapter of the, , Epistle : to : the
Epheslans- he, as ltwere,;turns the. exhortation
around to .put it. in another, way, when he says,
'¦ not ., the.'HoJy. j Spirit 9f »Ood.', - Let > all
bitterness and «. wrath ''.and-ianger '-and -fclam^r
•j4 B^' .evM-jwftUn^ta^utiw^3rjfro | in iP jtj»i,r,wMh
all malIcc,^aniT*B'e'^'kTn(rone*to''anotlter, teft
der-hearted, forgiving , one , another, even as
God| for Christ's sake hath forgiven you."
This all well explains what he means by keep
ing the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace,
and o'ir real part In it.
There Is also a unity of the Spirit as we
have knowledge of his working in the history
of mankind. This amounts to a perfect con
sistency — "as It was in the beginning, is now
and ever shall be." The same Spirit that
brooded over the face of the waters, inspired
the prophets, moved holy men of old to write
the Scriptures, co- worked with the second per
son 3f the Trinity In the incarnation of Jesus
Christ. 1 came In the Pentecostal tongues of
fire.-' tnaketh | intercession for >usr^and /is: In-, all
the -ages the ; one.i Spirit •; of •:. the one.rbody_- of
Christ in:his church.-'. . 'i.':: ' ¦ '. ; ¦ . ¦' ; ¦ >.
Spirit" in our text.
There is a unity of the Holy Spirit, which is
no less than the unity of God. As we, speak of
the three persons in one God. so in the blessed
Trinity we may speak of the third person — ¦
the Holy Spirit — in one .God. Man has nothing
to do with^ making and breaking that divine
unity. That Is obviously, then, not the sense
in which we are • to- consider ."Unity of the
Holy comimtnion was celebrated by the
Rev. R. C. Foute, president of the stand
ing committee. The sacred -edifice was
crowded with clergy and lay deputies and
members of the congregation. The Right
Rev. Wilham Ford Nichols, Bishop of
the diocese, preached the sermon. "The
Unity of the Spirit" was the subject of
his discourse. His text was taken from
Ephesians iv:3: "Endeavoring to keep the
unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace."
In part he said: .
THE fifty-second convention of the
Episcopal Diocese of California
opened its sessions yesterday with
solemn services in the Church of
St. John the Evangelist, on Fif
teenth street and»Julian avenue. ."
Resolved. That, wetion 200 of the canons
be amended to read as follows •
Sec. 290. Whenever a- reetor shall resign,
or the rectorship of a ; parish shall otherwise
become vacant, the vestry , hall not proceed
to fill the vacancy ' until after a written com
munication, from 'the -vestry to the Bishop, If
there be one, officially advising him of the
vacancy. _ At the expiration of at least ten
days thereafter the church warden shall
call a meeting Q f the. vestry, giving not' less
Sec. 2S0. In accordance with the provisions
of title 1, canon XVIII. section 5, of the
Canons. of the General Convention, every rec
tor or minister in charge of a parish or mis
sion, or if, there.be no minister then one of
the 1 wardens, shall keep in a suitable book
to be provided by the officers of the parish
or mission, a register of all baptisms, mar
riages and burials solemnized by him or In
the parish or mission by another clergy
man; and a list of . the persons confirmed In
the parish or mission. . There shall be recorded
in such register the names and dates of birtli
oJ the persons baptized, with the names of
parents and sponsors or witnesses; the names
of persons . married or. burled and the date
of every rite performed, and the names of
all communicants,, with the date of their
reception, death or removal. All such en
tries shall be certified by the signature of
the person recording the same, with date of
recording This book Bhall be known as
the "Parish Register." and shall be preserved
as part of the records of the parish or mis
sion, and it shall be the duty of every rector
or minister in charge. In case of his removal
to deposit this register with the church war
den. This register shall be presented to the
Bishop for his examination at eaeh vlstta
tion for confirmation, and shall , at all times
be open to the inspection of the wardens
and vestrymen and the, Bishop of the diocese
and of any. person deputed by the Bishop to
Inspect the same.
Resolved, That canon IX be amended by
tho addition of a-new section, to be number
ed 2S0. and which shall read as follows:
•After" a' long- discussion over section 2
of the - amendment-" it was referred back
to-the 1 committee for further amendment;
General 3 iidughton being added 'to the
committee.^ ¦¦."¦'¦'• 7 .• '."'¦', ' \
/The* following 'f sections ¦ we*"* a<3opted
zitet fcgionie v"dlsjBUsrto^&^£££ irV **t^**»*.
(3) On the written request of any three
qualified electors the rector, or if there be
no rector then the minister in charge or
church warden and the treasurer of any par
ish or mission, shall post in a conspicuous
place at the entrance of the church a cer
tified list of the qualified electors. Sucb post
ing shall be made at least thirty days be
fore the day fixed for the election of vestry
men, or within three days after the request
for the same is made, if made within the
thirty days; and the same shall remain post
ed until after the election.
Sec. 274. (1) The election of such vestry
men as are to be elected shall be by ballot.
At every election of vestrymen or other
pariah meetings any person 21 years of age
whose name shall have been registered on
the parish register for twelve months irarae
diately v preceding such electioneer parish meet
ing -as a communicant of the parish, and. any
• _ other ' person ' of : like j age 'who " has ' • for " the
same" period^ been registered on the books .of
?he'-' treasure'iv 1 as' a I regular , contributor ; • 'to
the i support 1 of- the parish'," either bjr a; stated
pledge-'-or pew rent; and -who shall inot be in ar
rears on account '¦'»[-' EUeh< pledge -or pew" rent,
. shall .be - entitled, cto. ;rote.V : Any * parish may
prescribe a minimum' amount to be contributed
to; the- support of the parish, provided always
that such a minimum shall have been fixed at
a parish meeting held not less than six months
prior. , No person shall be entitled to more
than one vote ; or." tar vote. by proxy. ; " . ¦ -"- :• '•¦
The first report considered "was that
submitted by the committee on amend
ments to the , canons relating to parish
meetings and the election of rectors. This
committee is composed of the Rev. R. C.
Foute, the Rev. J. A. Emery. A. N.
Drown, Charles D. Haven and William
A. M. Van Bokkelen. Dr. Foute, chair
man of the committee, read the various
sections and they were adopted seriatim.
The first section favorably acted upon by
the convention is as follows:
Resolved, That section 274 of the canons
be amended to read as follows:
Canons Amended.
Church charities— Rev. E. L. Parsons, Kev.
Charles Hitchcock, T." \V. Cowan, O. E. But
ler, A. -6. gacon. - „. .
J State of the church — Rev. K. W. Clamp«tt.
D. D. ; E. D. Beylard, B. M. Weeder.
Unfinished • business — Rev. O. E. Swan,
Joseph Sanders and Perry Eyre.
Christian education — Rev. E. B. Church.
Rev. W. A. -Brewer, Rev. J. O. Lincoln, H.
R. Fairlong. Ph.D., and T. R. Kelley. .
Canons— Rev. H. C. Foute. Rev. D. O.
Kelley,- Rev. J. Bakewell, D.D.; A. N.
Drown. Vincent Neale and E. H. Rixford.
.'•Auditing- — A. H. Fhelps, Francis Avery ana
F. 11. Elchbaum. . .-
How far such a policy would be acceptable to the
party at large remains to be seen. Were it proposed
in a Democratic caucus at Washington it would cer
tainly lead to a bitter factional fight, for there are a
good many "imperialists" among the Southern 'rep
resentatives., who are by no means willing, to release
pur hold upon the islands. Indeed sorne,oi them are
¦ in favor of annexing Cuba Itself. _ v The. opinions , of
these men,', however, "-are likely^ t0 *bc .'overruled by.
thft necc^ity of formulating some sort of an issue, on
which to oppose the admini«tration, and at present
the Philippine question is about the only one ttet
presents itself as an available issue. It is' true there
has been much talk of a fight on the question of "as
set currency ,"and there is a bare possibility that the
controversy concerning the isthmian canal route may
become a party question. Those, however, are mere
possibilities, not probabilities. The time is at hand
for the Democratic leaders to formulate a policy on
which to ask the confidence of the people at the Con
gressional elections next fall, and at present, while
the Philippine issue doesn't promise much, it prom
ises more than anything else. ' "
BY slight degrees and by a slow and tortuous
process the Democrats of Congress seem to
be developing for their party a programme of
action with respect to the Philippine Islands. .It is
r.ot as yet a 'dearly- defined programme, and probably
no definite programme could be fashioned which
would be acceptable to all factions of that confused
party, but none the less it will probably grow into
shape through evolution and be accepted by th'e
Democracy of the country as an inevitable conse
quence of its position as the party of opposition to
the administration.
- As presented by some of the leading Democrats,
both in the Senate and in the House, the programme
will be to treat the Philippines in much the same
way as it is proposed to treat Cuba. Congress will
be asked to formally relinquish any claim to sov
ereignty over the Philippines. The islands will be
established aj foreign territory having an indepen
dent government but under a temporary protec
torate of the United States. By the passage of the
proposed act the Filipinos will have no rights as citi
zens of the United States nor any privilege of free
dom of trade. The United States will do nothing
more in the islands than reserve to itselt a naval sta
tion, promote the establishment of stable government
and guarantee their independence. ¦
A DEMOCRATIC PROGRAMME.
SCENE IN THE CHURCH OF ST. JOHN THE EVANGELIST WHEN THE BISHOP OF CALIFORNIA WAS
PREACHING THE SERMON THAT PRECEDED THE OPENING OF THE FIFTY-SECOND CONVENTION
¦ OF THE DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA., ' . ., .•'
Of the.effects of such a system'he says: "A perr
missive law of this sort would, work/with- a r ,b.urea u
to be established .which should be^the organism in .the
.P| a 'ce' to grant •"charters, in! the second i place' \ to
directthe operation 'of them, an d in the third place
f o^- tax tHern. : They should bs r regulated more /and
thpvstem^rk :fati§fact6riiy'"ahd;%-piibiiq:isicon
tent,, .tKe t permissive feature couid then .be .abolished
atid "no"^corporation "'thereafter^ be permitted, to en
gage^ in jnterstate v corhmcrce except, under a Federal
charter.";^; ...;•.;_.; . y ,..^'/?.. .' /i -;$J - iP[? &;;.;.'
-Such'fe the latest suggestion from an authoritative
I source concerning- the ' splution K of r the, , trusUproblem.
ft^s*iflr i^w'nj^r esne^ts^th^b'eg^that has; yet •been- "of
fered, but can hardly be aetm^^f^ct^ln^facr;
until further experience with the operation of trusts
has clearly shown in what respects they are injurious
it is hardly worth while to undertake anything like
radical legislation 1 in dealing With them.
¦¦ Holding, then, the belief that such an act of Con
gress would be constitutional, it is, urged that the
policy should.be attempted at first in an experimental
way by an act permitting corporations engaged in in
terstate commerce to incorporate under national in
stead of State law." This .would leave them free to
do as they choose, and as a consequence those that
came under the law would be friendly to it. Thus a
•large amount of antagonism would be eliminated at
the start. In order to encourage corporations to
accept Federal instead of , State incorporation he
would provide by the act that such corporations
should not be subject to taxation under the laws of
any, State except as to property actually situated in
such State. .
Passing to a consideration of the details of a bill
designed to give Congress the exclusive right to deal
with trusts, Mr. Stimson recommends that no attempt
be made to define what constitutes an interstate
commerce corporation. "If you attempt to define,"
he says, "you put the objection right in, the front,
you lose the elasticity of the Supreme Court, 'whicfy
will define for you far better than you, can for your
self, and, finally, any definition narrows the scope of
the law."
After discussing each of the three plans Mr. Stim
son declares in favor of the last. He says: "This
system of national or federal control is distinctly the
most radical and revolutionary of the three courses,
andalso by far the- most effective. If it be constitu
tional, expedient and wise, such an act of Congress
would be a far. more drastic and. complete remedy
obviously than the other two, which are both half
way measures. The constitutionality of such an act
rests on that clause which gives Congress power to
regulate commerce between the States. The Supreme
Court has held that 'this clause covers the instrumen
talities of commerce as well as commerce itself."
The, objections against trusts which are -assumed
at the outset, 01 the report are that large aggrega
tions of capital are destructive of individual initiative;
their power is a menace to politics; they tend to be
come a monopoly and they destroy private enterprise
by unfair competition. Three methods have' been
proposed for regulating such combinations 'and pre
venting their evil effects-first, stricter /anti-trust
legislation by the States _ and by v the" Federal Gov
ernment without; altering the -present relations be
,tween their respective jurisdictions; second,' to have
Congress release to the States its interstate jurisdic
tion; so far as to allow the States themselves to regu
late 1 manufacturing or trading corporations engaged
in interstate commerce; third, to. have, the National
Government take to itself a larger and perhaps exclu
sive control of all such corporations, regulating by
act of Congress all that do any business across State
lines.' ' • •
FJ. STIMSON, advisory counsel of the-Indus
trial has"; submitted to that body,
• a careful: study of the trust problem and of
the various means which have' been suggested- for
solving it. His discussion. is of course carried on
from the standpoint of a lawyer. \ He concerns him
self in no wise with the question whether trusts are
or are not injurious from an economic point of view,
but devotes his study to a. consideration of the legal
issues involved in dealing with them under our con
stitution.
THE TRUST PROBLEM,
An Uakland Judge lias- made a most serious assault
on the .vested rights of the male of the human spe
cies. This learned jurist makes the astounding de
cision that awife has the same liberty as a husband
to stay out nights and keep knowledge of her where
abouts' to herself.
Mr. Cleveland closes the remarkable letter with a
pathological remark to the effect that if we do not
give Cuba free trade "our embrace of her means the
contagion of deadly disease." ¦ Let us draw the cur
tain, with the remark that the less said about that
One can see the victory in the eyes of the ex-
President when he returned to the subject of sugar.
He wanted free sugar in the Wilson tariff and had
promised it to the country, but Gorman outheld him
and amply protected raw sugar, with a differential on
refined that was quite up to the Republican idea of
protection. For that reason Cleveland refused to
sigh the bill and returned it to the House blighted by
his curse, in a message denouncing it, as "merely a
record of shame and dishonor." Yet it had enough
free trade in it to ruin the county, but. as it had no
free sugar it failed to command his approval. Writ
ing now upon sugar again he returns to the old in
vective, saying of the- arguments against free trade
with Cuba, 'Their source and the agencies of their
propagation and spread cannot fail to be recognized
by every honest, patriotic citizen with shame and
humiliation." We hope that the _ Republican free
traders \vill : paste that in their hats and, frequently
reading it, remember that it applies to every Repub
lican argument for protection as much as to sugar.
The members of his own party, who have had no
leader since they deserted him, are in an equally em
barrassing position. As free-traders they stand for
Cuba against their own country. They can see no
merit in giving the profit of raising sugar to Ameri
can farmers, but find the highest principle in giving
it to Cuban planters. The' password of free trade is
"Poverty at home, prosperity abroad." But these
Democrats, who . have squirmed . and wiggled and
wriggled out of Mr. Cleveland's leadership, and who
for very hate of him have even been willing to sup
press their free trade instincts in the last two Presi
dential campaigns, suddenly find themselves under
his leadership again and unable to escape it. They
may pray toward Nebraska, but they must march to
the order of New Jersey.
The Republicans who have been affirming our
duty to make Cuba prosperous raising sugar, rather
than make our own people prosperous by raising it at
home, will find themselves now under Mr. Cleve
land's orders, and must hay-foot and straw^foot at
the . command of their new captain. And 'all the
world will wonder why those who obey him now op
posed.and denounced him in 1887 and until the close
of his last term.- He has not changed. He shows
absolutely Bourbon inflexibility. Therefore they
must have changed. •• .
In a letter to Mr. Farquhar of York, Pa.,,in
answer to an inquiry about the demand of Cuba. for
free trade, the ex-President warmly, indeed vehe
mently, indorses that demand, declaring that it in
volves "considerations of morality and conscience
that cannot be ignored." With the true spirit of the
free-trader he says that "the arguments used in oppo
sition to the tariff concessions Cuba implores, based
upon our own material interests, are fallacious, mis
taken and misleading." It will be remembered that this
was exactly the tone of his message in 1887. It was
written in disregard of the claim that our material
interests depend at all upon protection, and it re
quires no miracle of memory to recall what happened
when that principle of his message was put into oper
ation during his second administration. Our material
interests were stricken into disappearance, and be
came, in fact, just as immaterial as he seems to think
they are now.
i|> r R. CLEVELAND has the quality; of f per
j\l\ sistence and judgment as to time fo» show
1 i JL ing it to a degree not excelled by -any other
American statesman. The Republican protectionists
who have been teaching the country recently' that
protection is not a stable and scientific economic
principle, but a rule-of-thumb expedient, subject to
relaxation, fluctuation or abolition, whenever senti
mental considerations require, will be pleased to find
themselves under Mr. Cleveland's leadership and
placed in an attitude of approbation of his tariff mes
sage of- 1887. He is a free-trader on principle, and
with the steady zeal of a doctrinaire is ready to seek
what he wants. by the action of either party. .In the
Cuban tariff issue he sees his opportunity and uses
it with the promptness of a skillful leader.
PERSISTENT CLEVELAND.
small ", capital. - They have . been able to "do hardly
more than seek out some of the more accessible placer;
mines, and even to accomplish that the miners have
had to undergo great hardships in the work. 'They"
have revealed the fact that there are rich gold districts
in the interior .that cannot be worked under present
conditions -becausevof the , difficulty i of getting sup
plies for the workers. The proposed : railway will
solve:that difficulty in many, localities and immensely
increase the output of the precious metal. The pro
jected Toad, promises^ therefore, to be beneficial :in
more ways than one,': and it is to be hoped its con
struction will be promptly undertaken. ' • ;
THE SAN ffRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,^ JANUARY ; 29, 1902.
WEDNESDAY, ...JANUARY 29, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cemauticitions to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Third, S. F.
.; Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered fay Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies, 5 Cents. . .
Terms liy Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month." 65«
SUNDAY CALL. One Year l"0
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1-00
All postmasters ere authorized to receive
subKcrtptions. .
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber! In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.M) OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kiaagtr Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ICEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPIIE.V O. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TCaldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., Nv W.
MOKTOX B- CKAXE, Correspondent,
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Haye», open until 9:30 o'clock. rt33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9:30 o'clock. 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. MB I
HatKct, ccrntr Sixteenth, open vntil 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Zorah."
Tivoli— "The Ameer."
Central — "'A Man of Mystery."*
Alcazar — "•Coraiie & Co."
Columbia— 'The Princess Chic."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
iJy Win. G. Layngr — Thursday, January 30, at 11 o'clock,
I'slo Alta Brood Mares, at 721 Howard street.
By W H Hord — Tuesday, Tebruary 4, at 10 o'clock, Thor-
ourhbred and Trotting Stock, at 1732 Market street.
By J. J. Doyle— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 327
Sixth street.
AUCTION SALES.Rev. George Bergman of Orange, N. J.,
will lecture on "Marriage and ; Intermar
riage in America and in Europe" on
Thursday evening next at 8 o'clock in the
vestry-rooms of the Geary-street Temple.
On Saturday morning next ' Rabbi Berg
man will speak at the temple^ on "The
Mission of Israel to the World."
Lectures at the .Geary-Street; Temple.
The board has no power to suspend a teacher
from service end pay merely because charges
have been presented against - such teacher. A
suspension under such i conditions during the
term of Us existence is a pro , temcore dis
missal of the teacher from the department,
and by a succession of charges a teacher might
without trial be permanently deprive.! of both
office and salary. The State law confers no
such power upon the board and the charter
by implication denies it.
Upon this question authorities are conflicting
and equally balanced, but. Steadmac. ln his
work on public officers, holds against the
power. The Superior Court may remove or
suspend an educator for ma'.performance of the
duties of his trust, but the power of suspen
ricn is expressly conferred by legislative act.
The charter - authorizes the Board of Educa
tion to •"dismiss" teachers, but it confers no
authority in terms to suspend them, while it
does invest the Board of Police. Commissioners
with power to dismiss and also to suspend a
police officer In certain events. 1 It also author
izes the Mayor in certain cases and in respect
to certain officials to suspend an officer against
whom charges have been preferred.
In giving his opinion Judge Hunt sail:
Judge Hunt decided yesterday that the
Board of Education has no power to sus
pend a teacher against whom charges
have been preferred pending a trial on the
charges. He gave this opinion yesterday
in overruling the demurrer Interposed by
the board to the suit brought by Miss M.
C. McKinney for a. writ of mandamus 10
prevent the board from suspending her or
acting on charges preferred against her
by Principal Albert Lyser until after she
had been tried by the board. Lyrer
charged Miss McKinney with being In
competent
Board of Education Has
No Power to Suspend
a Teacher.
in a strange city and with but little pros-
P? ct ° f reaching his home in Oswego,
£«. Y. Reading of the escape of a mili
tary prisoner from' Alcatraz in a packing
case It occurred to him that he might
try the same experiment and reach his
home. A few days ago he purchased
a , Peking case and had It delivered at
the lodging-house, 633 Third street, where
he lived. He next bought a two weeks'
supply of provisions, including tins of
sardines, salmon and sausages, some
raisins, a piece of cheese, a demijohn of
wine and two pounds of crackers. He
also filled two other demijohns' with
fresh water. With this food supply he ex
pected to keep alive till he reached Chi
cago. He packed his clothes in two
valises and stored them away in the case.
Twp^ of the boards were fixed on the.ln
side-'wlth' clamp'3 -so : that could'
open them and- make his way out of the
packing case when' the chance arose: '•.'-'- 1
jj -....Ready for Hia Hazardous Trip.! r, : • =
f l er v . *9°?P,fetInff y' his :¦^"arrangements
Prouse'' went' 'on^.' Monday afternppn t to
Patrick* Brennan; an. expressman '.. whose
stand, i£ at : Main and iMarkeV streets,. &nd
~£4&gi t9 r«a si £22 Thir3" SsS
terday> -morning- to, tak€i\a- packing. ca«3
to the Southern .Pacific Jfreight 1 sheds. He
gave Brenhan $12 t6 pay the;freight.and
the express charges. - ¦' ' -.•¦=•¦¦¦ .<•¦¦¦¦•
¦ -Prpuse got Iriside-the 'packing' case-yes
terday : morning, r taking < a hammer i with
him for use if necessary, an4 settling him
self as -comfortably- as possible^ prepared
Tor 'his long-- journey. .He had painted 'ari ;
.ad^e«--oni Xh^ 'O'lckipa.-cn^, "H:,-p.'- Qq>l
State streetrChfcago/Tn," ai4«*on the Ten
hand bottom corner "H. Plerner, Chicago
UK" Pierner is a friend living in Chi
cago and Prouse had written him to look'
out for the arrival of the packing case
which was marked "household goods."
The packing case was by prearrange
ment carried by some men in the house to
the sidewalk and deposited in front of 637
I Third street. Brennan arrived about 9
o'clock yesterday morning to take the
case to the freight sheds. It was heavy
and he had to turn it over two or three
times before getting • it on the wagron.
Prouse was sometimes standing - on his
head and sometimes he did not know
where. The fcrce of his body striking
against- the boards that were clamped
made them op-sn slightly. Brennan got a
peep, at him and yelled to Mrs. Jackson
who was standing in front of her resi
dence, 631 Third street, that there was a
dead man In the packing case. Mrs. Jack
son s son is a policeman and as he hap
? e^ d x.}° be , at home she ran upstairs and
told him of Brennan's discovery. « Jack- I
son had a look at the interior of the case I
andsawthatit contained. a f live raaWr'Jack- I
, son x thereupon u of dered Brenna n J to "drive
hurriedly. ,to H the -Cent;ralv.police [ station
and ,sat;on Uop of- the. ; packlngv r ca:se'. while
Tceeping .-ihiSJ eyes, .fixed- on. the' two loose
boards.- -^f : V r,-;'-^ **~~v?l&V \
\ ?^ ¦: Behre±iin\ the ; Philipplnesr .
§t§fhen the City Hall ,was;rea.VSHe!d. Mpuse'
FW <3ragg4ia-6ut,iSf 'Xhe catse --Srid'inaf&he d
upstairs to^-Capt&ln^^yi^QUttn^iaor^r ~^
|ii 5;^p • v» £~«B3 - wererlmaglnea ? c about
him,; -He .then^ told the captain?hTs?«6ry
and showed his ' discharge .papers" H rdtn the
army.- '¦'<< \C j c- ..•-¦•-" % -i%t,«i;ev» *
I Prouse is a <jujet, unassuming yoiinr^f el
low 1 , about 26 years o? age. When It' was.
pointed out to 'him, that ;-he Cwould"have
j 4ied :,r. : long ".before reachin sr ; i ehjc ago ,'~,i 1 *
k burst- into ..tears andl'sald. his, only, desire
jwaj.tQ get home.': rHe isr a .-school te'acheri
Normai^school ln Toswego, N.^.- At the
outbreak of the Spanish- American *hrar he
enlisted in the Kansas S<ate Volunteers
and 1 served with that regiment during its
stay in the Philippines. He. was -dis
charged in July. 1899, with a good record
and immediately enlisted in the Eleventh
Cavalry, Troop A, . and was made a cor
poral last February. • •
MISS M'KINLEY
WINS HER SUIT
Prouse was honorably discharged from
' the army in March last, after serving
two years_ and nine months, and re
ceived $700 iback? jpay. iHe cama-tp? tnis
City from Manila, and af:er remaining
here, for 'a few days toos. passage" to
HbnoltiliM exj>eeting f to> get j- ; v/orU there in
the « machine: shops' 'He. (ajjd io secure
errifcldy'htSnt at! HdnoHitu'fsthd,^ returned
here'Jh'l.Dne^lafct withV$5<fr firiuhHs pocket.
He' got odd jobs, but like many others
thought, he, couW, Increase his. wealth, by
p1aying* r tlie~"fa"ces". : 2TKe~re§iflf r was "that
he soon found himself almost penniless
case from this city to Chicago.
It was lucky for him that he was discov
ered before commencing the' journey. He
is now being detained at police headquar
ters until Captain Seymour, who has in
terested himself ln his case, can procure
proper transportation for him.
HARRY M. PROUSE,' a former
corporal in ' Troop A, Eleventh
Cavalry, imagined that he could
travel as freight in a packing
This -was the Impression In 'the "lobbies
cs a result of. the. announcement of -the
Government leader and fcemi-offictat state
ments in Government journals 'this inorn-
Ing declare- -the- on tloclc ;£6r -peace r; n6t
hopeful.: ';-:-• ; -^ ¦>'-'¦ ¦-¦ -' - -1 -?.--¦-:-' --
;- Those acquaint*** with Roer-^eotl merit*
sfc&rf ihM Fischer ana -¦vr<$TBnrrahS : ah*!
Generals Schalk-Burger and Botha are
wiiling to recognize .British annexation,
ublle Kruger and Leyda; General Dewet
and PiesICerrr-Steyn still Insist upon "In
dependence. Therefore at present- it, is
fopBUie.-ed- hopeless to arrive any
agreed ;«sis of negotiations,-- Fi-:c;-. .
Referring to this matter editorially, the
Daily News draws the inference that the
Govsrnment has already replied and has
reveled the Dutch overtures as unauthor
ized, as otherwise Batfous svonW not have
been Jn a position to promise the papers
on iJie.subiectv-tijis promise- showing that
no further negotiations were afoot.
Ihitch Overtures Rejected.
Dr. Bisschop had long conferences with
the Boer delegates on the Continent, with
the exception of Kruger. But he was as
sured that the ex-President had dele
gated his authority and that it was not
necessary to see him.
According to the paper. Dr. Bisschop
persuaded the delegates to hold a confer
ence and discuss the proposals. Then fol
lowed the visit of Dr. Kupyer to London.
The Daily News declines to reveal the
outcome of these conferences, but practi
cally avows that the Boer delegates still
Insist upon Independence, and it is said
that the Government ought to reply, set- i
Ting forth Great Britain's terms ar.d leav
ing the responsibility of a refusal to the
Eoers.
The Daily News this morning claims
credit for the initiation of the peace move
ment. This* paper says that after Lord
Rosebery's speech at Chesterfield it
sent Dr.' Bisschop, who was recently
counsel for the Dutch Government before
the compensation committee and who js
neither Briton nor Boer, on a mission to
the Continent to invite the Boer delegates
to a consideration of the basis of negotia
tions which Lord Rosebery suggested,
namely, to grant the Boers self-govern
ment on the Canadian model; »> unneces
sary prolongation of the militJTy occupa
tion: complete amnesty to Boers and
colonial rebels, and grants of money to
enable the Boers to restart their farms.
Initiation, of Peace Movement.
The Petit Bleu of Brussels, the organ
of the Krugerltes. flatly denied last night
that the Boer delegates had charged any
one to make peace proposals and pro
fessed to be In entire ignorance of the
Dutch proposition.
The Hague correspondent of the Daily
Mail claims to have ascertained that Dr.
LteyCs inspired the Dutch Foreign Secre
tary, who was further advised by Pro
lessor Aszer, the international jurist, and
Adds that Dr. Leyds, the European rep
resentative of the Transvaal, is apparent
ly attempting to draw Chamberlain, the
British Colonial Secretary, to disclose the
terms conditional upon the waiving of In
dependence.
It is recalled that Dr. Kuyper, the
Dutch Premier, in an interview published
about Christmas time, was represented
to have urged the impossibility of Hol
land's intervening in South Africa unless
she had reason to think that both parties
wished it. Consequently it is regarded as
certain that the present move was in
spired by the Boer delegates.
The announcement of Balfour caused
a sensation in the lobbies of Parliament.
I^ord Rosebery is generally credited with
having brought about this movement on
the part of the Dutch Government. .
thorities were convinced that the Boers
now in Europe were willing- to accept the
cardinal points of the British peace
terms, so frequently announced in Par
liament.
Hcsebery Causes Overtures.
been approached unless the Dutch au-
* It was learned that the British Gov
ernment Infers that it would not havo
In a communication to the British Gov
ernment the Dutch Government suggests
that it might be permitted to act as a
sort cf diplomatic agent for the Boer del
egates. The Government, however, ex
pressly disavows any attempt at inter
vention, and tloes not mention any terms.
In bringing about peace in South Africa.
overture* for peace had been received
from any one authorized to epeak ln be
half of the Boers. A communication was,
however, received late Saturday last from
the Dutch Government, .which was now
under consideration. Balfour hoped
fchortly to lay the communication and the
reply to It before the house.
The Government of Holland has of
fered in the most friendly terms to help
LONDON, Jan. M.— The Government
leader. A- J. Balfour,- announced ln the
House of Commons yesterday that no
Great Britain, However, Re
jects the Proposals as
UnauthorlzBd. y
• ••
The 'Dutch Government
Strives to Aid Strug
gling Boers.
SENDS REPORT
OF HIS LABORS
PARK DRIVERS
INDORSE BILL
William M. Bunker Tells
of Progress Made at
- Washington.
Wants the Ingleside
Track Opened^v-
Golden Gate Association
Benefits Likely, to Accrue to
the Commerce of San
Francisco.
Adopts Resolutions Asking
Supervisors to Pass
Ordinance.
t At a representative meeting j of tho
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
held last night in the Palace Hotel a
resolution was adopted petitioning tho
Board of Supervisors to pass the ordin
ance that will permit the reopening of
the Ingleside . racetrack. The president
of the association was authorized to ap
point a committee to present the resolu
tion to the .board and all the members
of the_ association are to be requested to
be present ' when the resolution is pre
sented and give their, efforts toward se
curing favorable consideration on th«
part of the board. The resolution calls
attention to the fact that by the reopen
ing of Ingleside large sums of money
that are how spent elsewhere will be put
in circulation in local business circles.
» The resolution reads as follows:
Whereas, ' A resolution has been introduced
before the Board of Supervisors by Supervisor
Lynch to authorize racing at Ingleside race
track for a period of sixty days each year: and
Whereas, It is generally recognized that
large sums of money are distributed ' ln trade
channels for supplies, feed, salaries, etc., where
a properly ¦ equipped racetrack Is maintained;
and' - . .
- Whereas, Owing to the fact that the race
tracks at Oakland and Tanforan are now open
and the racetrack at Ingleside has been closed
for some time, thus depriving the business in
terests of San Francisco of the legitimate dis
bursement of large sums of money Incidental
to maintaining a racetrack. Therefore be It .
Resolved, by the Golden Gate Park Driving
Association, That it is the sense of this or
ganization that the reopening of the racetrack
at Ingleside would .. be beneficial to the busi
ness Interests of San FYanclsco, and that the
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
or San Francisco are respectfully asked to pass
the resolution now before the honorable body
for the reopening of the track at Ingieslde,
and that the president of this association is
hereby authorized to appoint a committee of
three to present these resolutions to the said
Board • of Supervisors, and the secretary Is
hereby requested to notify each member or the
association to be present at the meeting of the
Beard of Supervisors when these ' resolutions
are presented to lend their support and secure
the passage of the resolution above mentioned
at the hands of the honorable Board of Su
pervisors of the city and county of San Fran
cisco - M. M. DONNELLY.
vVfter the resolution had been adopted
the association elected the following offl
denPn den T- ?• A 'K e l»nser; first vice presl-
P R n-^o B - ? alzel: see™* v »<=e president,
tn'rv v w £L treasu rer. E. Stewart; -secre
v r n4 T* 10 ," 1 !* 3011 ; executive committee—
F, G. O Kane, G. Swett and M. M. Donnelly.
The report j of William M. Bunker, the
Chamber of Commerce representative at
Washington, D. C, has been received by
Secretary "_ Scott. Bunker reviews the
work already" accomplished in behalf of
the commercial interests of California and
sets forth the plan of campaign for the
remainder of the Congressional session.
In reference to the attempt to reduce
the. tariff on imports of sugar and citrus
fruits. from Cuba, Bunker says:
I The advocates of a reduced tariff on Cu^an
sugar have thus far failed to make out a
strong case. Their nrgui-icnt before the Houss
Committee on. Ways and Means was a distinct
disappointment to those asking: a tariff cut.
They failed to prove their claim that a redue
tlon in the tariff on sugar from Cuba would
benefit the Cuban people aa a whole. Their
argument, however, provoked a general discus
sion by 'members and public of sugar anj
Citrus fruit interests, which would be affected
by a reduced tariff. This discussion empha
sized the fact that tariff reductions through the
proposed reciprocity treaties would be in tha
main , at the expense of California. Tho con
stant "reiteration of this, fact and the dtetri
bution among members of Congress of litera
ture showing the citrus fruit output of the
State have had an excellent effect. In stating
my belief that none of the reciprocity treaties
will pass Congress I am voicing the sentiment
of Senators and Congressmen • whose judgment
is to-day the best available guide.'
In reference to the proposed new Cus
tom-house for San Fraricjgco, he says:
Senator Perkins has introduced' into the Sen
ate the bill for a new , Custom-house, which
passed the Senate last year' and, as remarked
already, was not reported from the House
Committee on- Public Buildings. Copies of
these bills have been sent to the chamber. The
necessity for a new Custom-house is S3 ob
vious that if any appropriation ¦ be made for a
new RUblie building- Sari Francisco can hardly
fall to 'get the desired j Custom-house appro
priation. The building project is viewed with
favor by the Public Building Committee of
each novae.
Bunker also reports that, .at the in
stance of Congressman Metcalf. he has
placed with the Rivers and Harbors Com
mittee of the House the resolutions of the
Chambers of Commerce of San Francisco
and Vallejo advocating a ship channel
through San Pablo Bay and Mare Island
Strait. The documents were accompanied
by an argument based on facts and fig
ures furnished by parties interested ln the
project He further states that there is
little question but that the Government
will approve of the . establishment of a
direct steamship line to Manila.
Bunker reports that he has been In,con
ference with William A. Jones, Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs, and that as a
result Ban Francisco will be .given an
opportunity to bid for, furnishing supplied
to the Indian Department in the future.
Reinstatement of Harry Hook.
J;L t3 \ l , Att £ n ?. ey flIed an. opinion
with the Police Commission yesterday
L el H tlV^i,° the le * allt y °t reinstating
Police Officer Harry Hook to his position
;of sergeant from which he was . disrated
in 1S90. , Hook resigned shortly after and
was reappointed in 1S&. Lane 'says that
by voluntarily severing his connection
with the department whatever rights
Hook may have had within the depart
ment were lost, and he came into the
htt£ % B fi In as v a new man and "Pen na
better footing than any other officer To
now give him rank as sergeant would ne
equivalent to promotion without com-
Pj la £ce with the civil service provision*
of the charter which now govern aU pro
motions within the Police Department
To-Morrow .Morning,
Bright and early the great clothing sale
will be ready for you. Everybody is wel
come to an all-wool suit of Adler & Son's
stock, worth $20, for just $4.85. There are
over 5000 suits to be sold, so. you can have
your pick. Do not buy unless you are
perfectly' satisfied that you have a genu
ine bargain, ¦ for your money is good any
where. Be your own judge. Air you want
to do is come around and you surely will
buy of this beautiful clothing stock that
is to be sacrificed, beginning to-morrow,
at the Lyceum clothing sale, 915 Market
street, opposite Mason: This sale will be
gin - precisely at 9 a. m. - -.- •
OVERTURES
BEING MADE
FOR PEACE
STOWS AWAY IN PACKING CASE,
TO BE SHIPPED AS FREIGHT
Harry M. Prouse, a Discharged Soldier, After Losing His Money
Playing the 'Races, Takes a Novel. Way 'to Reach His Home
in New York, but Is Discovered and Turned Over to the Police
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY UK)2.
7
FORMER SOLDIER WHO NAILED HIMSELF UP IN A PACKING CASE
AND ARRANGED TO HAVE HIMSELF SHIPPED AS FREIGHT TO CHI
CAGO, AND SKETCHES SHOWING WHY THE SCHEME FAILED. ¦
ONE OF THE BOYS.
l£otliw Bather Got the Start of
- 7; Them.
"You may depend upon it, the lesson
was one he will never forget My younger
brother quit coffee about a year ago
and has been using Postum Food* Coffee,
and he has been built up from a ; regular
Invalid until he Is now a fat, rosy-cheeked
boy, full of life and fun. .Just the other
day he remarked he was getting along
so much better In his studies than ever
before and he wondered what caused the
change. Mother remarked, 'It is Pos-
tum.' "
"So during tho whole summer he drank
Postum, thinking It was etrong coffee, and
we could all see, from day to day, how
much he was Improving in health. His
complexion gradually cleared up, and he
gained in every way. When he went back
in the fall mother told him the secret she
had kept for over three months, and put
several packages of Postum in his trunk.
"When he cams home from college last
summer he was thin and looked dread-
fully. We questioned him about his food
and drink. He said he drank <*offee. 'Of
course I can't get along without a good
cup of coffee three times a day.' Mother
¦ did not cay anything to him, but made
Postum for him just the came, and at the
next meal he complimented her on the
coffee. Several times he said, 'Now If I
Just had such coffee* as this at school I
could make better averages in my
studies.*
. She taye: "Every member of our fam-
ily could write a testimonial about Pos-
tum Food Coffee and what it has done
for us. Father has really been made over
sinc« quitting coffee and using Postum,
but I must tell you about brother.
BoaeUmes the mother plays a turn on
the young people and greaily to their ben-
efit A youns lady in Memphis, Tenn.,
Mlsi' B. Dye of 222 Carroll avenue, com-
ments in an interesting: way about the
harmless little deception her mother
played upon one of the family during the
summer. . •
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
' Every Evening This Week.
--ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS —
EDWIN ARDEN
.In an Elaborate ' Production of
ZORAH.
Mr. Arden's Picturesque. Drama.
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner '
• ' . Crane. ¦ : ¦
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 23c, 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats ; All Matinees, 25c.
' ' ' - y
NEXT WEEK— Edwin Ardan in VJIM THE
penman." ¦:',¦¦¦:. :^-
j Special for -This V(Thiirstfay) Evening!
dANiiARY r 3pr'i6b2.
Benefit fof" tiVFrs'e 1 J7aid^ vi \ \ f lix o > of
Californi*: ; and ?E; r \ J I jspit^ ¦ Ed *in
Ardea. h firsi' jr^ddo'ijfl jcn;th:s' coa3t cf
" Zofahi iMnteripijfisVd •p?oiilt i 'i, J*u %¦
"C? Courtesy of Mr. ,ArchIe 5 lJevy.'\ a ' i
; SWOR.ANPHATHA"WAY..i ?'/S4f
I p*:P?'? br . ate ' i D 1 a ' lc . e 1 ' rs an d Comediains. v5S*
• gyt , ,f GILBERT AND, GIESHbRE.- * '
'. {V r >'-," • -¦:¦',¦ j^ocat^Duof-- •, . - ,i"
• •*. - .<'Kirst Calif ornta Ajjpeardtice. ,'. i < \jliJ
, .WILLIAM, — rJriE^CHJf R EDITH^. -
POPULAR PRICES 75c, 50c. 25c, 15c. 10c
General Admission. . r )(ic. Reserved Seats 25c
•¦=«-. «'¦ ¦ " ¦ Extra. ¦¦ ¦ .. ¦ . .;¦
:. Tickets on sale at the Opera-house/ Sher-
man & Clay's or. at the hospital, 1007 ; Sutter
st., of the ticket committee, : Mrs. Willis Dodd,
Mrs. Partridge and Miss Jacks. Thess .tickets
may be exchanged at Opera-house and Sher-
man • & . Clay's for reserved ssata after Janu-
ary 27. ' . . ¦;.'':'.
SPECIAL! FRIDAY AT 3:15 P M
FIRST SYMPHOlSY CONCERT
Second Series. ¦ ¦ . ,
- PAUL STEINDORFF,. Director
Seats, $1 50, $1, 75c and 50c, at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s. . • - . ¦ ' ¦ '¦ " ¦¦¦¦¦• ; i . ;,
" . EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY *AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT— REGAL PRESENTATION OF
PRANK DANIELS'
GREATEST COMIC OPERA HIT;'
The Ameer!
¦•' : ¦ - .¦¦ ' ' ¦- • '¦¦¦¦¦'. :'~ ¦¦'¦') ¦-- . ¦ . : . .
Presented by the REPRESENTATIVE OPERA
COMPANY OF THE COUNTRY!
POPULAR PRICES ,......„ . . .25c, BOo and 75c
. ." •:' -¦ ''¦ ' Telephone 'Bush 9. . ' • . '
NORDICA
SEASON' S/\i2e
OPJENS THIS MORNING,^
7 SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S. :
Single seats ready Saturday morning. V^--
SHJERMA^-CLAY HALL
SATUKDAT. FEBRUARY 1, 3 P- M.,
ANQELUS PIANO PLAYER RECITAL,
; , Ansiated by - Miss Bessie Fuhrer," ' Violinist;
i '.'- ¦ ¦ . >-U-and the— — '-/.¦¦.-. ¦¦'
NEW VICTOR DISK TALKING - MACHINF..
'.'¦-; ADMISSION- FREE; but ¦• to v prevent over-
crowdins i of "< the ' hall , tickets , : should • be pro-
cured; at (Sherman; 'Clay & Co.'aMuslc Store
Kearny and. Sutter streets. -'....-, ¦ '
To Kidney Sufferers
An Opportunity
Worthy of
-Your Notice.
• If you suffer with kidney disease
or any ailment arising from an tzev-
proper action of the kidneys or
urinary organs, this offer we make
. to the people of San FranciSco
should Interest you. In the ad-
vancement of medical science, the
kidneys, the organs of the greatest
Importance to human health, have
not been neglected, and in placing
before you such a cure as Doan's
Kidney Pills the proprietors recog-
nize how far so many statements of
the makers of similar preparations
have fallen short of their claims,
being convinced that no remedy for
kidney complaints in existence
equals Doan's Kidney Pills for such
ailments; strengthened in thesa
convictions by letters that are daily
received of the -vork they are do-
Ing for mankind's benefit, old backs
and y6ung backs are being con-
stantly freed from never-ceasing
-. aches, and many a lame and shat-
tered . one. stooped and contracted,
is strengthened, invigorated and in-
fused with new life. With such a
medicine an offer of this kind can
Be made without hesitancy, for
while we lose the box we give you '
we make a friend that assists ua in '
the sale of many others.
FULL BOXES
of Doan's Kidney Pills will be
given away free to 500 persons suf-
fering- with kidney ailments at the
undersigned address from 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. First come, first served,
and only this one chance offered.
Remember this Is not a sample box. .
but a regular size box of Doan's
Kidney Pills, which retails at 50 j
Free Disiribntion One
Day Only,
FRIDAY, January 31st,
¦,- ? .;-"-. AT ¦
NoPSF %
South Side. Between 5th and 6th,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Cut this advertisement out and bring i
with you. I
Sola Agents for the United States.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y. .-. ;
AMUSEMENTS.
IMMENSE AUDIENCES DELIGHTED •
AT EVERY PERFORMANCE — MAT. SAT.
Acknowledged the Best Swedish Dialect
Comedian,
BEN HENDRICKS
And His Company of Comedians
In the Pioneer Swedish Play
OLE OLSON.
With the SWEDISH LADIES* QUARTET.
Next Sunday Night— JAMES K. HACKETTS
!/V. ¦ -:V- ¦¦•'-? .Bi? Success.- scty*
i,* : .-, *' THE^PRIDE QF JENMCO."
-• SEATS READY TO-MORROW. »
f -¦ - g ' ; »~ J .
'PJL^if } sV-l S7J0LTD l^y-lX
.' .y-Belasco"«: Thall. sraragers^
ALiTTIl^^£BK; :^>
\ ¦ *^> • • ¦ '.,. ¦> . ?•• i
r " "DRESSMAKERS:" , if ¦: '•
• .•, The Brightset 'Of All .French Farces.
Great- Palais Royal. . Paris, , Success..
Everybody a'nd -Everything- -in it -Is Funny.-
( MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
*. Seats on sale six days -in 'advance.
Prices....... ..-..lSc. 25c, 35c.50c. isq,,
"- NRTT WSEK — ->TKC PAWJTE^"^T
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters:* Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the ; entrance." j
American and European plans.
0^ WONG WOO, ?
U| CHINESE TEA AND HERB
lg 7. SANITARIUM. :
>l^^ 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
%5P^5\V A LL DISEASES CURED
#«WSZJU(n v /\ exclusively by Chines*
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
¦r - - •
D13TTCUCQ *"O R barbers, bak-
JOX\ U OX1l£<O «r» bootblacks, battt-
¦ r ,. , houses, bllliara table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners.-
dyers, flourmilla, foundries, laundries. p«p*r-
kangers. printers, painters, ¦bee factories,
ktablemeo, - tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. it«L •
, BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramsnto Sf
"new western hotel.
KEfc-RNY AND "WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-*
- modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 5Oc to $1 60 day ;
$5 to $3 week: S8 to $20 month. Free baths:
not and cold water every room: flre crates In ,
every room; elevator runs all nijht.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 5 NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAT.
K:RKB LA SHELLE OPERA C^.
In the Merry Musical Success THE
PRINCESS CHIC
An Elaborate Opera Comique.
Last Pc.-f.rmarcc Sunday ri^ht.
Commencing MONDAY. February 3
VIOLA ALLEN,
in the palacs' or the kiaic."
v\*rf$g -. .Seats^.ffead^lWsday- - ' ' w
,i tS3CTRAtiWEXT FRIDAY^ AFTERNOON "
." - ' ¦ -.. -.- - Jamiary 31. a£ 3. ' > ' ¦
„ r «* > 1 SECOND- -RECITAL, by . rV '.
V '- N.rV- ¦ 'i "VfOS.FF \ HOFMANN, . ' .' .-
* f -17 ">;THE;.:gREAT -PIANIST. ""
.;':; • Ketaerv«J. S«af s— 12. $V 50. $1 and 50a;<
-¦;. Seats aentng at Sherman. Clay & rtuvft' \
,7" jf'j "'¦¦¦" — ¦ i '"" ± "'" t** -"''.f^" '
M ATLN'EE TO-DAX j£ January 20.
001 Ch »-
IMM:N>t;VAUa6YiLLEFESMVAL!
IHE 0BEAT CYCLE^WHIEL; SA-
BEijf JOKDAN;rANI) "• CBOUOHV
—^«f2xJtoBAsp"^L COMA FAlttlLY;
TAYLOR TWIN SISTEBS; ADA
¦; ARNOLDSON, AND THE BIO-
GRAPH, SHOWINO "THE MA-
TRON STAKES."
BElASCOAMTHALES^jflWr
Toeater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
A"" TO-NIGHT. All this week.
Matinee Saturday • and
Sunday.
TV/f A TVT Flm tlme ln tn!a c«t-
I VI /\ IN A P la y °>at "as had the
*"*._* country guessing.
(~\ C*- PRICES— EVgs, 10c U
\J [* - 50c. Matinees. 10c, 15c,-2ISc-
[mystery
, - Next Week— "MASTER ANP MAX."
RAGING
"gj^r""™ 1 ' "^m** 1 * Tvery \>eek Day —
tar RalncrShtns.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races ctart ' at 2:13 p. m. sharp. ~
Farry-boats leave 8an Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stepping at the entrance to tb«
track. Last two cars on train reserved rcr
ladle* and tbelr escorts; no smoking: Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound.- All trains vu
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu* .
electric ears at Seventh and ". Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via 'Alameda mole ccn*
Dect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. Thesa electrla
cars co direct to th« track ln fifteen minutes.
Returnlne— Trains' leave . th« track • at 4:19
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after thm U*t
race. 1 -^rUftVjlrtM re '.3%.; itnj. -sAjtr+evSi***^^
- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRIC&. Socy. tul Kp.
CHUTES ANDJ00
BIG VAUDEVILLB SHOW.
EULA BURT
THE, CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE AMATEURS '
And THE FAT LADIES ON STILTS.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.-: ~
The great pianisf, in his interview on
the siit ject, "Th? Audience arid the
. Pianist," in the Independent, December, :
1901: "As to the Pianola, I
welcome it. I am glad of the
Pianola. THE PIANOLA IS MY
FRIEND, because it at once dis-
poses of all that music which is
merely difficult."
The Pianola is the on lv piano player
endorsed by real artists. Duly informil
iecitals, to which^ir are cordially invited,,,
are held only in the wan.-rcoms or ; |y|j
EXCLUSIVE AGENTS FOR. CAUFORNiA. •
28 O'FARRELJi STREET,
V SAN FRANCISCO. \ *-''':'.
. ' ¦ ' ¦-¦-•¦¦- ¦ -• ¦¦ . ¦ >¦.....Bcans and Seeds
Choice Pink Beans will bring - the . top quo-
tatlons, but there Is considerable • damaged
stock offering below. $2. ¦ Bayos ; are - quoted
firm, but most of the other : descriptions are
easy and dull.- . • .¦ - . »" l .. . .
-.. There is nothing new in Seeds.
,'¦ BE ANS— Bayos/ $2 40@2 50; Small Whlto,
$3 10^3 25; Large White, ?2 7u(g3; Pea, $2 50
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
Hay. is very firm. . and occasional sales of
the best wheat at $13 60 are reported, but they
are not : sufficiently numerous to warrant, this
figure as a-' quotation.. Unless we get copious
rains soon prices are likely to go higher. l
There -is no change in Feedstuffs except a
small advance in Rolled Barley. The feeling
In Bran, Middlings "and Corn products is rather
easy. -¦•".' ¦ : "."¦¦' ¦ • v
¦ BRAN — $1S Mgi9 50 per ton. .
. MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton. . "• 5* ' ; •
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $1S 50«J19 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S; job
bing, $28 50020; Cocoanut Cake, $20(321: Corn
Meal. $31@:U 50: Cracked Corn, $31 SO® 1^;
Mixed Feed,' $16 50@17 50.
HAY — Wheat. $fl@12 50; fancy, $13; Wheat
and. Oat,' $9@12 80;- Oat. $8 50@ll 50; Barley
and Oat, $8@10; Alfalfa. $S@10; Clover, $6 5U©
7 50; Volunteer, \ $6@8 50; Stock, $6@7 50 per
ton/ - -» '"•"¦ ' '¦¦¦'¦' -¦¦ ¦ ¦ '"*,.•¦ -i
STRAW— 35@55c per bale. : j
Hides, ; Tallow, Wool and Hops.
With the exception of Tallow, which con
tinues scarce andiin demand, everything under
this head Is quiet and unchanged. There I3 a
steady call for the few Hops still left In grow
ers' hands, but the growers are exacting top
prices. Hides move off fairly, but the Eastern
markets have been quieter and weaker of late.
There is not enough good Wool coming In to
make a market worth talking about and what
few choice clips come In are taken up as soon
as they appear.
An Oregon paper says that the accepted es
timate of the 1901 yield of Hops in that State
up to. the last week or two. -was 65.000 bales'
It now transpires that no less than 71 000
bales were grown in Oregon last year. Or thi«
crop about 56.C0O bales .have -- been ahlDDeVl
away. Of the remaining 15.000 bales about
10.000 are In railroad warehouses. The East
Side warehouse of the Southern Pacific con
' tains about oOOO bales.". Most of this quantity
Is In. the control of speculating dealers whi
are holding for higher prices. The amount in
the hands of growers is estimated to be h"
, tween 2000 and 8000 bales. * The largest acp.il
mulatlons of Hops other thaw at ;Portlanri or.
300O. bales at Salem and 1500 bales at Enwn,
Although some very choice lots are left in h,
&% l dV est ot the crop haa -^""ffi
Steers, lie; medium. 10c: : li^ht t^- Cow
Hides. OUci for Jheavy and OcvfoT' HeSr
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. SWc; Salted Veal S
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16Uc- Cu'lV lie :
Pry Kip. 15c: Dry. Calf. l.^lSUc- Culls aid
Brands. 10c; Sheepsklni shearlins's? isa&c
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000; . steady; no choice -here; good to : prime
steers, < nominal, $6 50@7 25 ; poor to , medium,
$4@6; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 50; cows,
$1 25@5; heifers, $2 50@5 60; cahnersV $1 25®
2 30; bulls. $2 25@4 50; calves. $2 50Q>3 60;
Texas * fed steers, $4®5 25; - Western steers,
$4 40. - -. : '¦»¦..-.: . u
•HOGS — Receipts to-day, . 25,000; to-morrow,
35.000; left over, 9000; steady at extreme de
cllne' of yesterday, 20@30c lower than the
closelast week. Mixed and butchers', $5 80®
G 30;; good to choice heavy, $6 15@6 40; rough
heavy. $5 90©6 10; light. $5 60@5 90; bnlk of
sales. $5 OOffili 20. • , -
- SHEEP— Receipts," 14.000. Sheep. „ steady;
lambs, weaker; good to choice wethers, $4 30®
5; fair; to choice mixed, $3 75@4 40; Western
sheep, - fed, : $4@5; native lambs, - $3 50@5 90;
Western lambs, $5© 5 90. . , ' ¦ :
ST. JOSEPH
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Jan. - 28.—CATTLE-Ke
celpts. il300;: steady;, natives ' $3 50@7; cows
and heifers, $2@T> 40; veals $400 25; stockcrs
and feeders,. $2 50@4 50 ..;;.; x
HOGS— Receipts,. 4200; market steady, light
and light mixed, .$5 75@G 15; medium and
heavy, $6 15@6 45; pigs, $3 70@5
SHEEP — Receipta, 200; market steady.
New York Metal: Market.
NEW YORK, , Jan, 28.— ;The feature" In"', to
day* a metal market ¦ was "an ¦ unexpected : ad
vance of fully, %c in the price for copper. .Thi«
gain, s It was said, was due ¦ to ' an effort* to : get
the* market to something,. like a'. normal basis,
as /the recent decline" of Cc from the top price
Available Grain Supply:
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— Special telegraphic
communications to Bradstreet's show ; the fol
lowing changes in available supplies from last
accounts-
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 1,882,000 bushels; afloat
for/ and in Europe, increased SOO, 000. bushels;
total supply, decreased 1,082,000 bushels.
¦. Corn — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 274,000 bushels, r
¦¦ Oats — United States and Canada, east cf
the Rockies, increased S5.0C0 bushels. . ¦¦:¦¦¦* :¦¦-:
.LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening .......'. .....0 1 6 1%
Closing 6% 6 1V4
PARIS.
Wheat— -.._ Jan. Mar.- June.
Opening 21 65. 22 55
Closing ..• ....21 55 22 CO
, Flour —
Opening 27 60 28 25
Closing 27 55 2S 20
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c i lo
cal make. \»c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
3U@35c; Fleece Twine, 7Vi®3c.
CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit Canners' Association quotes the follow-,
ing prices for Hi0*_, per case. 2 dozen cans to
the case: Mammoth White, 42 ZG<g-i 75; Large
White. $2@3 75; Medium White, $1 7oTl- «5;
Small White," $1 U>; Mammoth Green, $:» 00^
3 to; Large Green, i'2'u- 90; Medium Green,
$1 7u@2 50; small Green, $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2'j-lb tins: Ap-«
pics, $1 t'51il 45; Apricots, fl'gl 50; Peaches,
•yellow, $1 I'Olil t>5; do. Lemon Cling. $1 M'cp
1 75; Bartlett Pears. $1 20@l 73; Plums, SOv-ryr
$1 25; Nectarines, $l'al 50; Muscat Grapes, !J5o
fell 35; Quinces, 91 loy 1 55; Strawberries,
f 1 30&1 75; Blackberries. 91 30®l CO.
COAL — Pennsylvania. Anthracite Is out of
the market at the moment. Wellington, fj
per ton; Southfleld Wellington, $!>; Seattle.
$0 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay. $5 50; Walla
end, $s io;.l^-crer;uu« WiU'.*^,*V3.<ArrVx:n-
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Ege. ; Welsh Anthra
cite. 914; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and 917 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 43 oer 2U0O lbs and $3 50 per
ton, ' according < to brand. '
: : CORDAGE — The , local cordage company
quotes ¦ as . follows : Pure Manila. 1 tic Der lb;
bisal atze. llVac; Bale Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex.
IOV3C. Terms, to days, or I'.j, per cent caan
discount. Lots of lo.OoO lbs. lc leas.
PACIFIC CODFISH— iiundles. per lb, 3c;
cases, Regular, 3%c; cases, Extra Large, 3% c:
cases, Eastern style, 5%c; Boneless, 4',,e;
"Norway," 4Vjc; "Xarrov/ Gaucc." 5c; "&»t
ver Kinc." ti%c; Blocks, "Orientals," 5V«c;
Blocks. "Seabrisht." 5%c; Tablets. Uijc; Mid
dles, eU@7Vio: 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, be;
U-lb boxes, Fancy Boneless. 7@Sc; Desiccated,
per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
.Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — Iu»i®l4c nominal for
strictly prime to fancy washed: HV5®12^o
nominal for prime washed; 10'^@llc nominal
for good washed; 10>i<&l-VjC for good to prime
washed peaperry; WVstPlOijC for fair to prime
peabtrry; l(V®llc for good to prime: S'-Jftf^c '
ior fair; 6@7Vic for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12%&13c nominal for strictly
prime washed; 10Vj!iBl2c nominal for good ti>
prime washed; 9@lUc nominal for fair washed;
10%611%« nominal for good to prime wash?d
ppaberry; 9%@10%c nominal for good to prime
8e«ni-washea: ,«H@9Vic nominal for superior
unwashed; »V'»c for good green unwashed; Wip
»%c for goo-J to superior unwashed peaberry;
«^'7c for conation to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll'©15c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; U^ujllc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; S^iaoVjc nominal for
good t«> suyerior unwashed; U@0^ic nominal
for good to prime unwj>sli*d peaberry.
Guatemala' and Mexican — 12»4@15VjC Tor'
prime to fancy washed; ll<gll ; »ic for strictly
good washed; 10^4«j;io : !4c for good washed; »u.
&10c for fair washed; Si&Oc for medium: §'<v
7*^c for Inferior to ordinary; 10»i'S12c for good
to prime washed peaberry: OVbQMCc nominnl
for eood to DnitM unwashed peaberry;- O^fO^c
nominal fcr good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 23932c; extra
heavy, 30®40c per lb; medium, 27© # J9c: HiHit
24@20c; Rough Leather, 26@28c: Harnec-s
Leather, hoa.vy, .°.3q:;'.»c for No. 1 and axjtQ'.Uc
for No-. 2; medium^ .10@o7c; light. 2&tf:l5c;
Sklrtinjs. No. 1. 4iKff42c; No. 2, aeQSSc: Cel
lar Leather, 15©l«ic per fo-.-t: Trace Leather
40@41c; Kip. unfinished, 40®50c per lb; Veal,
finished, 16® 17c pen foot: Belt Knife Splits,
14@lCo: Route h Split*. S'B'lOc per lb.
TANBARK— tiiound. $J«J©2S per ton; Stick.
$1«@1S pe^ cord.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. I.
70c: pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrel3,
boiled, 74c; raw. 7-c; cases. 5c more; Lucol,
C4c for boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels:
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. DOc:
cas?s, 05c: China Nut. 57'/5@t : 8c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 70c: cases. 75c:
Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale Oil. natural white.
40@-5Oo iw sallon; i»lsh*OIl, barrels. S'^c;
cases, -»2»±c: Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63V-c for
Ceylon and 5S^«c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk
lUV-c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 2Oc:
Star 20c: Extra Starl 24c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene
22c -"deodorised stovt Gasoline, in bulk. 15c: In
cases. 21 "Ac: Benzine, .in bulk. 14c; In cases.
'20M:c;. S(5-desree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
caret, 2t>'4c.
1 TURPENTINE— G76«per gallon in cases and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — R*>d Lead. 7©
7%c ptr lb; White Lead. W.mVxc. accordtns
to" quantity. •
S \LT— Liverpool. $30(S."»2 50 for the best an«l
$26(327 50 for factory filled. Domestic— Imita
tion Liverpool. $.T» 25ft2»J; H. R. H.. $T> 2T^>
2G; Califbrnia Dalrj'. "0-lb bags. $24i»2fi «);
Rock Salt. $17®1S according to quantity;
Granulatfd. $2-4 5CS?2«S per ton. -
QUICKSILVER — Sl7«B-iS p»r flask for local
¦we and $411*45 HO for export.
SUGAR— The western Sujrar Running Com
pany quotrs. per lb. In 1»0-^ bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.OKc;
Powdered. 4.90c: Camlv Granulatefh- 4.!J0c: Dry
Granulated. 4.SOe: Confeitloners' A. 4.S<V;
Fruit Graru'ateH. ¦*.S0n;-Be»t CranulateJ (IOO
lb'bags!only). 4.70r; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extr%
Quotations for Raisins are dropped, and It
is uncertain when they will reappear. Some
operators think, they will not be seen again
until the new crop comes In, as there arc
only about 100 cars left' at Fresno, and they
are tied up by the dispute between the asso
ciation and the packers. They are held by
the association, and nobody'; else' has any.
Raisins, bid fair to be a scarce, article later on. .
~ Fruits, though" rather quiet, are extremely
firm and In greatly reduced supply. . Ship
ments now consist of assorted cars, and
straight carloads of . any . kinds are now a
rarity. . Nuts i' are ' steady, and Walnuts are
quoted stiff and wanted. Honey is about the
quietest ¦ article ' In the - list. - ...»-, ••
FKU1TS — Apricots, 7©8Hc for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparka; Evap
orated Apples, 8S9c; sun-dried.. 4@4>jc;
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears.- 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted. 4@5%c; unfitted l@2c; Nectarines, 5®
6&C for red and. 6%@6%c for white; Figs, 3c
for black and 1 «0@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted 'as follows:
30-40's ti@6Vic; 40-50's. 4%itofic; 50-CWa, 4Vi
@4%c; 60-70* s. ;j%@4Vic; 70-80' s, 3U©3%c;
80-UO's, 2%@*V4c: 00-100's, 2> / £@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Nominal. .
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts. No. 1
stoftshell, O^sc; No. 2. SeS&c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c: Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and t»@7(? for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12^c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, 11® 13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 '50® 5. *
HONEY — Comb. •12@l.'5c for bright and- 10^
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c. •
BEESWAX— 27}i@29c per lb.
Provisions.
The Chicago market was lower again and
still ¦ pointing downward. Prices there %re con
sidered too high, hence the decline. The cash
demand is poor. --/. -
The San Francisco market continues weak
at the. decline already noted, with cutting In
Pork products. The tendency is to sell the.
goods.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 1114c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and-14%c for suarar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12^c; Califor
nia Hams. ll@ll%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
barrel ;¦ extra . Mess, $U@11 50; Family $12@
12 60; prime Mess • Pork, $15; extra -clear,
$22 50<?23; Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13Uj@14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8&c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels,
pure, 11 Vic: 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, 11 % C ;
3-lb tins. 12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 28. — A successful turn
wa» made against. the shorts in to-day's sti>ck
market. How far the demand for Etocks rep
resented new buying frcm outside sources can
. oftly b». conjectured. Conditions wliit-h were
made the ground for selling yesterday remained
unaltered to-day without affecting the strong
tendency toward recovery. The weakness la
the eraih markets, which yesterday waa made
th« basis of rumors of financial troubles, was
turned to a bull argument to-day ' as showing
good conditions for the winter wheat crop.
The formulation by the United Mine Workers
of flat demands for higher wages which de
prersed the coalers yesterday was ignored to
day. The poor knowing for December of Erie
and the Reading syetems were Ignored and
these stocks were quite conspicuous for activity
and strength. It is thought that part of the
recent gelling of coalers has been In anticipa
tion of this showing and that to-day's buying
was' short covering. These vagaries of senti
ment indicate the professional character of the
trading. The most important influence of the
advance wag the stimulating effect of the re
covery of three more points in Amalgamated
Copper. The dealings in this ptock were almost
twice as great as those In any one'stock. The
further advance In raw copper and the heavy
buying in London were taken to indicate that
large sums have been left uncovered, waiting
for the price to touch bottom. The advance
in Amalgamated was taken by speculators to
indicate a sentiment In favor of an advance by
th» Standard OH party, which has long been
supposed to favor quietude In speculation
Coupled with a published utterance cf J. P,
Morgan, expressing confidence in . the main
tenance of the country's prosperity, the effect
was to impress speculators with ths idea that
the great financial powers were again In ac
cord in favoring higher prices for stocks. The
upward movement broadened and gained force
up to the close, which was at about the best
and strong. The reported agreement to main
tain rates among Western railroads and meat
packers was a strengthening influence. The
speculation In Sugar was based on the ex
pectation of an advance in the production and
bad an important sympathetic effect. The
•statement in the British House of Commons
that a note from the Dutch Government is un
der consideration, presumably bearing op over
tures for peace from the Boers, helped the
closing streneth In the market..
The bond market was strong and individual
bonds were not bo overwhelmingly conspicuous
' as of late. Total sales, par value, $4,385,000.
United States -bonds were all unchanged on
tlrt last call. .. . ¦.-.¦¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — ¦ "' Sales. Hl?h. Low. Close.
Atchison .. 18,300 7G% 75H 76K
Atchison pfd 4.7OO' O«% ! 0<j>4:: 06%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 5,000 ]<«¦% 102 103
Baltimore & O pfd. S00 9(5% 06% 96U
Canadian Pacific... :t,000 114 », 112Vi ll.i^i
Canada Southern.. 1,400 Ss 86 »4 si%
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,000 46-"!i 45% 40%
Chicago & Alton.. .TOO S*% r.iV, 34
Chicago & A prd .-100 . 7«V4 70V, 7«t4
! ChicaKo Ind & L..' 1)00 M r»2 f>2Ti
J Chic Ind & L pfd: 100 75U 75Vi 75»-i
Chicago & E 111.. 1.RO0 141% 142% 1441;
Chicago & G West 3.200 'Si% 22% 23
Chic & G W A pfd '500 84% 84 HiV,
Chic & G WB pfd 800 45% 44% 45
Chicago & Nwstrn 2,500 214V. ; 212 21-t
Chic R.I & Pac... 1.200 157" 155% 157.
Chicago Trm & Trs ..... ..-. 17
Chic T &T pfd... 3114
C C C & St Louis. 10,200' 100>4 97% 100
Colorado Southern. 900 14"A 14Vr 14%
Colo So 1st pfd.... 1.C03 • <;f 'iOVs fii
Colo So M pfd.. ..' 2,70;) ; I'S'-i ¦ 2««4 " 28U
tiela"& Hudson . 200 .17:5 172% 173^4
De|a Lack & West rjOO , 27014 270 27O'/ t
L'enver & K Grand* SOO 4J->i 42% 4U'4
* v Articles — - - ¦ .- Rece'pts. Shipments.
Flour. ..barrels I..... .32.000 ..,-, 29.000
Wheat." , bushels 85. »« .-.".'. \- ' 93. 000
Corn, bushels 12LCK0 ; ¦ 5)0,000
Oats, bushels ...........:.. 227.000 2U1.000
Rye. bushels •...-.-.....•..... 6.000 ' . .3,000
Barley, bushels .:. ...SS.CCO T > 9.000
On the Produce. Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. 15@'25c; dairies,
14<tilSUc. Cheese, steady, 10'/i@llc. . Eggs, firm;
fresh. 24 '/sc
The Weather and Crops.
• The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
"Weather Bureau, is as follows: .
GENERAL SUMMARY. .
Cool weather has j»«vaU*d throughout, *ih«
(state Curing th« week,, with killing frosts in
nearly all section* Sunday and Monday morn
ings. Rain has fallen in all parts of the State,
with heavy enow in the mountain districts. , In
some sections the temperature Is : reported the
lowest of the season. . ¦
•j h.j cor.diiicn.of {rain has been greatly im
proved by the rainfall. (Facially in the south,
and the cold weather has had -no Injurious ei -
ltct txcept in retarding the growth of. train and
green feed. Prospects continue good for heavy
omt» of wheat and barley in the central and
northern districts, and ate much better in the
couth than during the past month. In some
sections farmers are increasing the acreage of
grain and plowing and 'seeding are progressing
rapidly. Pasturage is becoming more plentiful
and block are in good condition. Warmer
weather would be beneficial to all crops.
The low temperatures and killing frosts at
the close of the week have undoubtedly caused
some injifry to citrus fruits in Southern Call
lornia. although no reports of damage have
been received. Ample warnings jrere given, .
and the orchards protected by smudging have
probably escaped with comparatively little in-
Jury. Vineyards and orchards continue in good
condition and pruning is progressing. , DccUu
eua fruit prospects are excellent.' •
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. -
fold weather has prevailed during the week.
with frequent rains and killing frosts. There
has been a heavy fall of snow in the mountains.
The cold north wind on Saturday was followed
by freezing temperatures Sunday and Monday
mornings, causing Borne damage to garden
truck, green feed and tender wheat shoots.
Plowing was letarded by me frequent showers,
but grain, pasturage at.d orchards were bene
fited. Grain continues In ;."iod condition and a
heavy crcp is predicted. Orchards and vine
yards are doing well and fruit prospects con
tinue excellent. . «
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.'
Rain during the week has greatly benefited
grain and pasturage, especially in the southern
coast counties, and has enabled farmers to re
curae plowing and seeding. There is consider-'
able snow in the mountains. Cold north winds
prevailed Saturday In some sections, and killing ;
1 rosts occurred Sunday and Monday mornings
In many places, but no reports of serious Injury
have been received. Grain is In very good con
dition, though making slow growth, and would
be benefited by warm weather. Pasturage Is
plentiful and stock are In good condltiou. Trait
prospects are excellent in all sections. In the
vicinity of Santa Rosa a large acreage* of new
vineyards and orchards is being planted.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Conditions have been more favorable for crops
than for several weeks. Rain has fallen In all
parts of the valley, reviving grain and pastur
age and softening the eoil for cultivation.
Enow has fallen in the mountain districts. Se
vere frosts have occurred In some sections, but
no -damage has been done except in retarding
the growth of grain and green feed. Crop pros
pects are greatly Improved, and with favorable
conditions through the spring the yield of wheat
end'barley should be nearly average. Warmer
weather and light 6howers would be very bene
ficial. Plowing and seeding are progressing
and considerable work is being done in orchards
and vineyards. Fruit prospects are excellent.'
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. ' «
Cooler weather has t prevailed during the
wecH. and eevere frosts have occurred in nearly
all sections. The generous rainfall has-been of
immense benefit tt» all croi>s and has softened
the soil sufficiently for cultivating in' fields and
orchards. In some localities early sjwn grain
will probably make a fair crop, and the crain
acreage will be increased. Pssturage has be
come plentiful In most section* and rtock are
doini? well. Orchards and vineyards are Jn good
condition.- The severe frosts at the dose of the
veek fnjured unprotected, citrus fruits, but as
cmple warnings had been given it is probable
the damage will be light.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
. Rain and cold weather greatly Interfered with
farm work and growing crops, which are mak
ing very slow growth. LowteraperatUKS are
preventing premature budding. .No damage by \
tioKt reported. jT TOPI. r< f iMM TOi
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
The long drought waa broken by flue rains.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
A moderate disturbance overlies Southern
California and the Valley of the Colorado.
Light showers are reported at San Diego and
Los Angeles and enow is falling at Flagstaff,
and Modena. The disturbance may work north
ward, but will proably move eastward through
Arizona.
High northwest winds are likely off shore,
find northwest warnings, are displayed from
Reyes to Eureka.
Forecast made p.t San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January -29, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday; 'not
so cold; fresh northerly winds; high off shore.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled wer.th
er Wednesday; probably light rain; fresh south
west winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, with snow in
the mountains; not so cold; brisk northerly
winds, changing to southwesterly.
EASTERN MARKETS.
For San Francisco • and Vicinity — Cloudy
Wednesday; not so" cold: fresh northerly, chang
ing to southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Articles — ' Open. High. Low. ' Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
January .... ..... .."..' 74%,
May 77?i 78, 77U .. 77«t
July. ...#... 77?; 77% 77% 11%
: Corn No. 2—
January — . 57%
May 6Ui, 61 Vi 59Ts HOTii
July OOTs 61 59% . 60^
Oats No. 2 —
May ......'.. " 42Va 42% : 40 42
July 37 Vi 37% 36% 37%
September .. ¦¦ 32Vi 32% 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per barrel — ¦ i
January 1B2TH 15 42',4 15 27H 15 42%
May .15 82^ 15 92}i 15 52V4 15 67}i
July 15 92y. 10 05 15 67& 15 80
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January .... 9 20 9 20 9 17^ 9 17!i
May 9 37 'A 0 40 . 9 30 9 32 Vi
July ......;. » 47M, 9 50 9 40^ » 40
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January : ... 8 15 8 15 8 05 . 8 12»a
May 8 'SIVi 8 42^ 8 32& 8 35
July 8 50 8 50 8 45 8 47^
Cash quotations ' were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 70@74 1 / £c; No.' 2 red,
83V«c; No. 2 oats. 42}Jc; No.' 2- white, 43V4c;
No. 3 white. 41%@44c; No. 2 rye,.:5S Vic; 'fair
to choice malting barley, .'58(<?62c;' No. 1 " flax
'seed; "^1 67:~" /No.~l "North woutern. 1 ' $l'71Vii;
prime timothy seed, $6 45; mees pork per bbl.
*15 50@>15 55: lard, per 100 Ibe. ' $!) 17la@0 20:
short ribs- sides (loose). $8 05&W 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), . 7^»@7V4c; thort clear-sides
(boxed), $S50@8 60; whisky,' basis of high
wtnes, jr. 32; clover, contract g.-ade,'$9 50.
1 a. m. temperature— 44 degrees.
Wheat and Other Grams.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet but steady
on the ' spot, with . a small . vessel taken ¦ at
28s 9d. - The chartered wheat- fleet in port has
a registered . tonnage of 37,800, against 43,650
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
25,000 tons, against 6300; on the way to thii
port, 1S3.150 tons, against 118,470.
• WHEAT — Quotations stood about the same
all over the world. Bradstreet's gave the fol
lowing status of stocks: East of the Rockies,
a decrease of 1,882,000 bushels; Europe and
afloat, an Increase of 800,000; net decrease,
1,082.000 bushels. '
Chicago opened steady, with a moderate de
mand, chiefly to fill shorts. All other mar
kets were weak, being affected by the depres
sion In coarse grains. Oklahoma wired: "No
rain or snow of any benefit to wheat, and
many farmers will plow over their land for
other crops." New York reported foreign or
ders on both sides of the market, with business
mostly local. A good deal of long wheat came
out of Chicago, with commission houses sell
ing. , ,.
The San Francisco market was unchanged
and featureless.
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@1 12 >d per ctl. ¦ ..
CALL BOARD SALES. }
,» Informal Session — 9:15. o'clock — May — 12,000
ctls, $1 08%.- . :. • •
Second Session — May — 8000 ctls, $1 0S*i; 8000,
$1 os%.. ,¦ :
, Regular Morning Session — No sales. ..— »
' "'Afternoon Sessions-May — 2000 ctls, $1 0S*9i.
BARLEY— Continues to creep up under light
offerings and insufficient rainfall. - The farmers
and other country - holders . are not especially
Inclined to let go. under, the present conditions.
The demand is saltl to be very fair 'in r the
country, > but the local market Is quiet.
Feed. 87V4c for choice bright, 85@86%c for
No. 1 and ¦ 82%c for off grades;- brewing and
shipping grades, . D0®92>4c; Chevalier, 85c@»I
per cental. •^*--V*' :£S * 2;^^ :ta * rf8 * w '^K3!SS!WK^I
CALL 3OARD SALES.* , ':¦
¦ Informal Session — 9:15 .''O'clock — May — 2000
ctls. 83%c; 2000. -83%c; 8000, 83V4c. ' "
Second Session— May — 10C0 ctis. 83%c; 4000
83%c. . '
1 Regular Morning Session — No sales.
. Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, S4%c;
14,000. 84^c; 2000, 84%c. .
OATS — There wa3 no further disturbance at
Chicago, as . that market remained | in strong
hands. The cash demand there Is poor, how
ever, as prices are too high. Still, the market
Is working around stronger under buying by
the shorts.
This market Is quoted firm enough, but' very
dull. Dealers refuse to let go under quota
tions, however. ' ¦
Grays, $1 20@l 27V.; whites. $1 2O@l'4O:
Surprise, $1 "40® I 42»4: black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed; red, $1 25@1 35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for seed.
CORN — Chicago reported an unchanged mar
ket with a poor 'cash demand, owing to the
high prices. . ¦
This market continues very dull at previous
prlc 3s. though there are fewer samples showing
on the Produce Exchange than a week ago.
Large yellow, $1 37V-@l 45; small round
do, $1 50: white, $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
RYE — Steady, but not active, at SSigDOc per
ctl. " '
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs
FLOUR— California Family.. Extras, .$3 50<@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 35 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $3@
3 35. .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ' ¦ the trade : Graham
Flour, '$3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2-75; Ryo
Meal. $2 DO: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5;. Hominy,
$4(34 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $6 85@8 35;
in sacks. $6 50<38: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5: Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Fancy Oranges are moving slowly, but there
is a good movement in the cheaper grades of
Navels and Seedlings. Tangerines are scarce
and in- demand. Lemons and Grape Fruit
continue - dull • and plentiful. Three cars of
Oranges are announced for to-day's auction.
Thers is no change in Apples or Pears.
- DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50<g2 per box for extra. 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for or
dinary.
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box.
CITRUS F3UITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards. $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines.
$1 75@2; Mediterranean . Sweets, 75c@$l 25;
Lemons, 50c@fl for common and $1@1 50 for
good to choico and $1 75@2 25 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, Sl©2: Mexican Limes. $6@S 50;
Bananas. $1 75<32 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen:
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Exchange and. Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days
Sterling Exchange, sight -¦ 4 S7$i
Sterling Cables — 4 8S -Ji
New York Exchange, sight.."... — 12 }i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ 15
Silver, per our.ee — 55^.
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 45 Yi
each: short Wool, 401560c each; medium. 63<?>
75c: long Wool, S0c@31 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. %i 75@a for large a/id $2 50 for medium.
$1 75<&2 for small and 50= for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. *l 73 for large, %l 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5^@6C per lb;
No. 2. 4y.«5c; srease, 2U@3c. ' •
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. 6@Sc; San Joa
qin Lambs". 7>i#?S'<ic: Middle County. S@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15®151-3c; do.
fall. 14(§15c per lb.
HOPS — O'glOc for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
lor shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Arrivals of Hogs continue ample for the de
mand, which i3 light, and the market is not
firm. The other meats remain about as befor*
quoted, as the demand and supply about bal
ance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7 1 / ic for Steers and C@7c per lt>
for Cows. •
VEAL — Large. 7^@0c: small, 8® 10c per lh.
MUTTON — Wethers, .fcgS^c; Ewes. 7^©Sc
per lb.
LAMB — Tearlings, 9@9!jC per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, Z%®
6c: under 150 lbs. 5Vj«3*ic: soft H&gs. 5®3kp;
sows, 2O per cent off: boars. 30 per cent off.
and stags. 40 per cent off frcm the above quo
tations; dressed Hess, 7@S ! ,&c. - .:¦',-' .c
General Merchandise.
THE COAST RECORD.
All three "descriptions under this head re
main as before -quoted. Fine Creamery Butter
is well cleaned ; ,up and firm, while \ the | lower
grades are rather slow. Cheese continues
weak under too liberal supplies. Eggs have
been going off better during tbfe past several
days and., stocks 'are considerably diminished,
as shown by. the difficulty a broker has expe
rienced in getting up a car for Eastern ship
ment. The cold weather strengthens the mar
ket, as it not '.only stimulates the consumption,
but cuts down the production on the ranches.
There is no scarcity, however, and. in fact,
receipts yesterday were larger. •
Receipts were o4,2UO pounds, 12 tub3 and —
bbls of Butter, — ' — pounds of Eastern Butter,
930 cases of Eg^s. cases of Eastern Eggs, |
OtiOO pounds of California Cheese. . pounds
of . Oregon Cheese and — 7- pounds of Eastern
Cheese. -.!.'¦ • < . -••
- BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for
fancy, 24c : fox : firsts . and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy, 17%@22c; store Butter, K@16c per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@10c; Keg,
l(i@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@ll^c; old, 10@10&c;
Young America, 12©13c; Eastern. lS'giloc per
pound. '
EGGS — Ranch. 21c for selected large and
20c for good '.to choice; store, lS@19c per
dozen.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 2S.-7-ConsoIs, ' 93 13-16; sil
ver, 25 7-16d; French rentes, lOOf 22^>c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and- steady; No. 1
standard California. 30s 3d; Walla Walla,
28s; English, country . markets, part '• cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Jan.. 28. — Wh/at. quletr wheat
in Paris, stead j'; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, overcast. . •*.-./ '. .
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-52d
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 28. — Receipts of . wheat
during the past three days, 187,000 centals, in
cludinc 170.CC0 Americans.- - -¦¦ :
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 28.— Wheat, steady but
active: Walla .Wall a, 64c; Valley, 64c; Blue
stem, 65c. ¦
Cleared — British ship Blackbraes for Queens
town with 134,568 bushels wheat.
TACOMA,' Jan. 28. — Wheat quiet and steady;
Bluestem, 64c; Club, 63c. > '
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka OO 1«.S9 | .40. (.1
Red Bluff 00 11.64 15.41
Sacramento 00 0.09 ,11.32
San Francisco 00' 7.01 . W.01
Fresno 00 2Z5'J 7.45
Independence 00 1,39 5.12
San Luis Oblspo... .00 5.(52 22.15
Los Angeles Trace 4.03 O.^S
San Diego 0B 1.94 3 ."SI
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51: minimum. 41; mean, 46.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from the Eastern sta
tions: Boston. 54-14; Cincinnati. 20-C; Phila
delphia. 4S-18; New York. 46-14: Kansas
City. 10-6; Jacksonville, 74-54; Omaha, 6 to 2
below; Duluth, 8 to 2*J below: Chicago, 2 to 4
below; St. Louis. 12-0. Salt Lake City. 18-10;
Washington, 45-20.
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— The grain pits took
their cues' from oats to-day, which still, held
the center of Interest. Oats were nervous and
fluctuations were wide nearly all the session.
May options started a shade higher on light
offerings and under the influence of an appar
ent absence of the terrible pressure that nearly
brought . collapse yesterday. May even sold up
to 42%c, but then country, holders turned lib
eral sellers. Many longs with small margins
were pressed by calls for heavier margins at
the opening and some of these were shaken
out. This brought a break for May down to
40c. Support then developed. There • wa3 also
considerable covering on the breaks and the
putting out of the .short lines on the slight
advances. May soon reacted to 42c and closed
easy %c down, i Gossip on the board to-day
had it that yesterday's furore was due to the
shaking out of a prominent Kansas City oper
ator, who was long about 1,500,000 bushels of
May. oats. After Saturday's break of lc the
commission houses that, were .handling this
man's line began calling for margins. There
was no response and the- first thing at the
opening they began belling out a line to pro
tect themselves. This brought on the fear
of Patten selling and the break resulted. The
Kansas City operator is said not to be in any
danger of failure, having made all of his home
deals. - ¦ ' l . ',
Wheat had a fairly good business. There
was little in the way of news of importance
and the ups and downs = of prices were due to
local conditions. Cables were slightly . lower
and: the world's visible eupply showed a good
decrease. There *• was rain in the Southwest,
which gave courage- to the -bears, but it was
the oats dip that brought the • principal fluc
tuations in this pit. The comparative firm
ness of the coarse grains at the opening had
helped wheat materially. May " opened un
changed to lUc higher at 77%'@77%c and even
touched 7Sc, but when corn and oats began to
dip May sold down to V7%@77 1 / 4c. Wheat re
covered and advanced to a steady close, May
unchanged at 77%c r
Corn started out strong, broke sharply with
oats, but later showed -a tendency to hold up
well. May closed steady,' unchanged at t>0%@
COTsc. '
ProvUions were fairly active and somewhat
nervous. The temporary > weakness . in grains
brought a slump in pork. May pork closed
12'/£c down, lard 5@7i4c off «ind ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) .
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 28 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with ''those of same date
last ssason, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hour* :
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28.— Clearings. $478,731;
balances. $114,107. . -
TACOMA, Jan. 2S.— Clearings, $187,182; bal
ances, $34,082. ' ¦ • '
SPOKANE, Jan: 28.^-Clearlngs. $147,260;
balances. $18,154.
PORTLAND, J,an. 28.— Clearings, $279,107;
balances. $53,379.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail quotations for meats
are furnished by the San Francisco Hctall
Butchers' Protective Association:
BEEF— Roast. lCfglSc per lb: Tenderloin
Steak. 15@17»-c: Porterhouse Steak. 17 J ,i@20c;
Round Steak. "l«>«13'.ic: Stew Vei*. SfflOc;
Corned B?ef, SfflOc.
VEAL— Uoast. I0@l.V: Cutlets.* M@lSc.
MUTTON— Rcast. 10©12>ic; l#ops. 10@
12 '-jc: Stew. 6c '
LAMB— Spring. 12',i@20c: Roast. 12V4@15c;
Chops. 12'i@lSc.
PORK — Roast. 12*~<3lZc; Chops, 13c.
Cargo for the Fiji Islands^
The British steamer Willowdene, which sailed
yesterday for the Fiji Islands and Sydney, car
ried cargo laden at this port for the Fiji Islands
valued at S94.257. The cargo included the fol
lowing: 85.W0 redwood ties, 34.000 ft lumber.
KO pkgs saddlery. <•!«» mules and 210 tons hay
as forage. In addition to the above cargo the
fltamcr carried ehHments of lumber laden at
Seattle, valued and destined as follows: For
Fydnry — :il5.oOO ft lumber, valued *t $2t>i":
for Fiji Islands — {W-.OOO ft lumber and 81,000
latht§, valued et *9S70.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices firm New York say: "Through
out the entire iist the market, while at the
moment mnevbst quiet, presents a steady to
firm tone. Ecn:e inquiry is noted for peaches,
ar.d a little movement fcr forward delivery to
this p.rd nearby EaElcm market? is reported.
Ftccks on the coast are raid to be very closely
ttnt-cntjated and in strong hands, with late
quotations by wire showing a material advance
on both r«ecled and unpeeled of fancy quality.
Spot business' has been done wJthm the quoted
ranee in a small v.-ay. Apricots are also show
ins rather more tone, with the position of the
stock* en the coast in small compass. There
is a continued firmness noted in currant* and
a moderate intere-Ft. but so far as can be
learned no important movement for interior ac
tfunt. Ii.teiest centers largely In the arrival
of the Mar. in. now overdue, with some 1000
tons. Goods offer from this vessel on the basis
of spot quotations for the fine Amallas in bbls.
The Picqua, reported due about Saturday, has
T£0 tons. No other vetselR are loading lor this
market at the moment. The Greek market is
r* ported firm, but no higher. In cleaned cur
rants a fair jobbing interest Is noted within the
quoted iar.ge lor bulk and cartons.
"The market for raisins, with *peclal refer
ence to the stocks held on the coast, is unset
tled. Rumcrs are afloat that the deal with the
packers and association is off and that a single
interest has bid for the holdings. Spot is some
what quiet, though fairly firm pending price
developments frcm the coast. London layer
raising are scarce and steady. Imported Va
lenclas ihtw firir.nt.ss on the quoted basis.- ..
"In prunes the feellr.r is temporarily quiet on
U>c H>"t. buying being mainly for small lots on
Jobbing account within the quoted range. Some
coeds off in quality offer In some quarters at
lets that quotations, but for Santa Clara fruit
of goul quality the feeling is showing firmer
tone. Some movement in old itanta Clara fruit
lor tot 'ward delivery if reported on the 3c f. o.
b. basis. Oreccn prunes are without important
J^ntui-e at the mement.
*'ln dates the feeling shows firmness on Per-
Fiane. with 6 fair movement to Interior Jobbers.
Fard dates are em-y at the late decline and the
movement is clow. In lip s there is noted a
sood movement for local and nearby interior
'vbblng account In both bags and layers on
sbout th«- auotcd basis. Other descriptions
rhow little feature of more than passing inter-
which put soil in good working condition. Dry
sown grain will now come up. Plowing re
sumed.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Jan. 28. — There was a full at
tendance at the wool auction sales to-day. Ths
offerings numbered 13,800 . bales, including a
good selection of Merinos, which j sold briskly
to the home trade and Germany.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 28. — There has been a fair de
mand for wool here during the past week, and
full prices have been paid/Territory wools con
tinue to head the list of sales." They are in good
demand and the supply is not plentiful. .* The
scoured basis is 47<g:40c, - with choice, lots of
staple In at DOc, while staple lines, fine medium
and fine will range up to 4S l S>52c. Medium ter
ritory are quoted at 38@40c.with choice lines.-
There is a better demand for Australian wools,
and some fair : lots have been cleaned up to
manufacturers. Offerings ! on the market were
small and the wools sold were generally below
the cost to replace them from abroad.
American Merinos are costing 70<&72c for
6Uper combings, with good at 66@68c. ' *
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Cotton closed steady,
7 points hlghcrl •
New York Cotton -Market.
*— " : — — : : ~~~*
. NEW^_.YORK, . Jan. . 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21,273 barrels;., exports, "2535 barrels. Con
tinued barely iteady and unchanged as to
price. . •
WHEAT— Receipts, 70,300 buEhels; exports.
144,»45 bushels. Spot, steady. ¦ No. 2 red, S6?ge
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, SS%celevator: No. I
Northern Duluth, ' 85^ic f. o. b." afloat: No. 1
hard Manitoba, Sl^c i. o. b. afloat. Advanced
a : little at- the start on ¦ foreign buyins and
absence of pressure; turned weak, owing to a
bad break in coarse grains, but rallied again
on a large decrease in Bradstreet's visible and
covering of shorts; closed steady at .unchaneed
prices. March closed at 84c; May, 82 13-16®
t#%c, closed &l%c; July; 82%@S4 7-lCc, closed
83V4c.
HOPS-Dull.
JIIDES-Steady. .-'.¦•
WOOL — Steady.
'•COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice.
r>%c; mild, Cordova, S@ll%c: Futures
closed steady with prices net 10@15 pointB
lower. Total sale* 61.750 bags, including:
March, 5.50c: May, 5. 70@5. 75c: June, S.BOc;
July,. 5.85@5.00c; August, 5.95<??<;c; September.
C@0. 10c; October. 0.10®6.20c; May, 6.25c; De
cember, 6.25o. ¦
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 13-11 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, a ll-16c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — There . were no
chances in the evaporated apple market to
day. The tone has an easier tendency. State,
common to good, 7@S ! J4c; prime, 9@SJ}ic;
choice. 9i/4@10c; fancy, 10U@Hc.
There was a steady to firm feeling in Cali
fornia dried fruits and holders showed no dis
position to sell freely., \
PRUNES— 3% @G-7ic ov
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moomark, 9%
@12&C. ¦
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled. ,V,i<3
me.
Denver & R G pfd. 600 01 90^ 91
Krie 17,300 39% "38% 39%
Erie 1st pfd....... 4.100 71 70% 71
Kric 2d prd 1,200 50U 55% 50
Gt Northern pfd.. 200 IStt. 18« 18o%
Hockine -Valley 700 6S*i 68% 68%
Hocking Yal pfd.. 200-82%, 82 '82
Illinois Central....' 1,700 140V* S139% 140
Iowa Central.. 700 39% 39% 30%
Iowa Central pfd.. 3.300 74% 72 74%
Lake Erie & West. ' 4,200 08 07 67
Lake Erie 7i W prd ..... .... 126
Louisville & Xash. 4,500 lO:!?; 102% 103%
Manhattan L. 7.700 136 134% 135%
Metropolitan St Ry 15,900 172- 170 > 171%
Mexican Central... 7,200 20(4 28; 29
Mexican National.. 1.100 '15% 15%-; 1 5 %
Minn & St Louts... 100 100 10(5 j 105%
Missouri Paciflc 7,200 102% 101 %- 102%
Missouri K & Tex. 1O0 25 25 -" 24%
Missouri K & T pfd 100 52% 63% 52%
New Jersey Central ..... .... .... '190
New York Central. 5.SC0 1(51% 160% HU%
Norfolk & Western . SOO 56 - 53% ; 58%
Norfolk & W pfd . .... 91Vj
Ontario & Western 2.700 33*4 ' 33'I 33%
Pennsylvania : • l.COO liOTii 14X%- 149% ,
Reading 42,000 • 56% : 50% 5C% I
Res-dins 1st pfd... 1.900 ' 82 „ .81% 81 "4 j
Reading 24 pfd.... 'a, 700' 63 - 61 » 4 ,02% j
St Lou'.s & S F 1,200 ,' 62% 01 «2Vi
St L & S F 1st pfd. . .—'. . . .'. . 83
St L & S K 2d pfd. 500 75 .74 Vi "4%
St Louts Swestern 800 ¦ 26% 20- .. 2«',i
Si L Swestern pfd. 200 59 CO 50
St Paul 32,400 164 162% 163%
Gt Paul pfd . .".'.. 1S7 '¦
Southern Paciflc... 21.700 Cl% 58% 60%
Southern Railway.. 13.100 33 Vi 32% 32%
Southern Ky prd.. 12.400 94% 93 U 94%
Texas & Paciflc... 000 3SMi 37% " -TSV4
Toledo St L & West 000 20 10% 20
Tol St L & W pfd. 1,200 36% 3(5 36%
Unicn laclflc ; 30,900 101% 100% 101%
Union Pacific pfd. 2.300 88%. 87% 88%
Wabash 3,000 22% 22% 22Vi
Wabash pfd 1,700 42% 42% 42%
W&LElstpfd.. 17»4
W & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Cent...." 600 20 19% 20
Wis Cent pfd 300 39% 30% 30%
Express Companies —
Adams , 105
American 212
United States 100 105 105 105
Wells Fargo 100
Miscellaneous — j
Amalg Copper 96,800 7C% .74 76%
Am Car Sc Foundry SOO 29% 29 . 20%
Am Car & F pfd*.. 800 85% 85% 85%
Aril * Linssed Oil... 300 17 16 16
Am Linseed Oil pfd 200 44 44 44
Am Smelt & Ref.. S.800 49 _ 47% 48%
Am Smtl & R pfd. 1,800 97% 97 96%
Anaconda Mliv Co. 12,100 33% 33' 33%
Brooklyn Rap Trn.- 5,900 C«Vi 65% C6
Colo P'uel & Iron.. 500 Srt 85 85%
Consolidated Gas... \ 800 217'/i 216%, 217>A
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 900 118 118 117}$
General Electric... 1,000 279% 277% 279
Glucose . Sugar 2.200 50% 40% 50%
Hocking Coal 14%
Internatnl Paper... C00 19% 19% 19%
Internl Pacer pfd. . 100 75 75 < 75%
Internatnl Power S7
Laclede Gas 100 90 90 00
National Biscuit .. 100 44% 44% 44%
National Lead 3,000 19% 19 19Vi
National Salt .... 30
National Salt pfd «iO
North American... 300 00 SS > 89 '
Pacific Coast 200 74% 74 7.1%
Paciflc Mail 46
People's Gas 3,100 102 lOUJi 101%
Pressed Steel C.ir. . GOO ' 40% 40% 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. 1.400 85 84V t 84%
Puilman Pa! Car 221
Republic Steel 500 10»i 10 16%.
Republic Steel pfd. 400 69% 69 60% '
Sugar 52,500 12SVi 125% 127V4
Tenn Coal '& Iron. 100 63% U2 s ,i 63
Union Baz & P Co. ..... .... 13
Union B&P Co pfd - 72'.i
U S Leather 1,200 11% 11 Vi 11%
U H Leather pfd.. 400 80% S0% 80%
U S Rubber 1.5C0 14 14 13%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 50 >i 50 <4 50
U S Steel 15.400 43% t 42% 43%
US Steel pfd 10,500 9314 92% .93%
Western Union .... 600 91% 91% 01%
Am Locomotive ... 1,200 31% 31% 31%
Am Locomotv pfd. 400 91% 91 91 U
Total sales .5S0, 700 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS. .
U S ref 2s reg...lOs%,L & N unif 4s.. .107
U S ref 2s coup... 108% i Mexican Cen 4s.. 83
U S 3 S res 108 I Do 1st inc 32%
U S Os coup 10s%|Minn & St L 4s... 104
L' S r.ew 4s reg:..13:> M K & T 4s..... 98%
U S new 4s coup. 110 Do 2ds 83',i
U S old 4s reg...lll% N Y Central lsts.lOaVi
U S old 4 S coup.. 111% Do gen 3V 3 s ...10.8%
U S 5s reg 10(5 N J Central gn 5a.l36
U S 5s coun : 1071,4 Northern Pac 4s. 105
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s ......'... 74%
Do adjust 4s... 92% Nor & W con 4s. lO" 1 /-!
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104% Reading Ren 4s.. 98%
Do 3%s 95% St L & I M en 5s.ll7%
Do ccnv 4s ,...10o% St L & S F 4s... 96%
Can South 2ds ...100% St L S W lsts... 98%
Central of Ga 5s. Ill | Do 2ds 70
Do 1st inc 79% San A & A P 4s.. 89
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7% Southern Pac 4s. 1)4
Chi & Alton 3%s. S4 Southern Ry 5s.. 120
C B & Q new 4s.. 00 ! fexas & Pac lsts.120%
C M & St P gu 4S.113U Tol St L & W 4s. 83
C & N W con 7s. 140% Union Paciflc 4s.. 104%
C R I & P 4s 109% Do conv 4s • 106%
C C C&St L sn 4s.lO-T,i Wabash lsts I 118%
Chi Term 4s... .\ SS Do 2ds 114%
Colo & South 4s.. 92% Do deb B . 68%
Denver & R G 4s. 102% West Shore 4s 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% W & L Erie 4s... 93
Do gen 4s...... 89 Wiscon Cen 4s... 88%
Ft.W & D C lst.lO«% Cons Tob 4s 6S%
Hocking Val 4'fcs.lOS
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Uttle Chief .11
Alice ... 4.1 Ontario 7 50
Breece .'...: (!5 Ophlr .80
Brunswick Con ... OS Phoenix Oti
Comstock Tunnel.. •••'05 Potost*...*. .- '08
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Savage .'...' 04
Deadwood Terra . . 50 Sierra. Nevada : . . . 14
Horn Silver 1 60 Small Hopss ..:... 38
Iron. Silver ..wi-03 Standard .3.43
LeadviUe Con , ... 05 ' r ,
. BOSTON ' STOCKS AND" BONDS.
Money— ! Do pfd ........ 93
Call loans ....3%@4% -Mining— -. f\
Time loans ...t @3 Adventure ...... .>2UV.
.-Bonds — "V "* AHouez ;.. 8%
Atchison 4s : 102 ' Amalgamated ..:. 76%
Gas lsts '.. 8.J Baltic ;..'•¦. 38.
Mexican Cen 4a.. 81% Blngham ....... 22%
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Cal &. Hecla. . ¦ . .610
Railroads— 'f-v. - Centennial ...... 13%
Atchison 70% Ccpjicr Ransro ... 57%
De pM .. '.. 96% ! Dominion Coal ....64%
Boston & Albany. 26T{ Franklin ......... 13-
P.oston & Maine. 192% Isle Royale 21'
Boston Elevated.. 1C5 Mohawk . 32
N Y N H & II. .210 Old Dominion ... 22%
Fltchbun? pfd....,174 Osceola .84
Union Pacific ...101% Parrot 3P
Miscellaneous — Qulncy ...- 140
American Sugar. .'127'i, Santa Fe Copper. 3
Do pfd .117% I Tamarack 257 S»
Amer Tel & Tel. 158 "Trlmountaln ..... 59%
Dom Iron &. Steel. 2SVij Trinity ... 12%
Gf;neral Electric. .278% United States ... 15%
Mass Electric 33£ Utah .24
N E Gas & Coke. R VMctoria ... 5
United Fruit 8ti% Winona 1%
U S Steel 43% Wolverine .. 49%.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money... 93% M K & Texas 25
Con for acnt.. 93 13-16 Do pfd 64
Anaconda 6% N Y Central .164^
Atchison 77% Norf & Western.. 57
Do pfd 98% Do pfd 04
Bait & Ohio 104% Ontario & West.. 34%
Canadian Paciflc.116% Southern Ry . . . . 33%
Chesap & OhloJ. 46% Do pfd 95%
Chi G Western.. 23% Southern Pacific* . 00%
Chi Mil & St P.lC0% Union Paciflo 103%
Denver & R G.'. 43% Do pfd .... 00%
Do pfd 93 US Steel ....... 43%
Erie ... 39% Do pfd 97
Do 1st pfd .... 72% Wabash ..'. ....22%
Do 2d pfd 57 Do pfd 42%
Illinois Central... 142% Spanish 4s 77
Louis &'Nash.. > ..lC8% , . - .
Bar silver, steady, 25 7-lCd ' : per ounce.
Money, S s /4@3Vi per ¦ cent. The rate of dis
count Inline open market for short bills' Is
3% per cent. Th« rate of discount in the open
market for three months' bills is 3%<S>3% per
cent. . ' . . . ,
New .York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28. — Close: ; Money, on
call .was - steady at 2@3 per cent; closed, bid
and asked. 2(g>2% per cent. • (
Prime mercantile paper — 4!f5 ner cent. .
Sterling exchange was easy, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 86%<J?4 87 for de
mand and at $4 84^@4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates— $4 85 and $4 88.
• Commercial -bills— $4 S3%@4 84%.
Bar silver — 55i£e.
¦ Mexican — 14%c. : ' '
Bonds — Governments, steady; States, steady;
railroads, strorg. . ' ¦
§ Condition ofitJie Treasury. . : , -
WASHINGTON. 'Jan. \ 28.— To-day's state
ment] of the Treasury balances in the, general
fund," exclusive of the $150,000,000 rold reserve
In the division- of redemption; shows: ; Avail
able cash balances, $ 174,108,545; 'gold, $91,
r^ London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— The Commercial \ Ad
vertiser's Londcn financial cablegram says:
The announcement thai " the ' Boers •; had re
cently : made ' proposals :• looking - : toward peace
sent, Kaffirs soaring, to-day .These stocks, had
been buoyant all!day,"but when- B.alf our made
the announcement An { the - House' of I Commons
regarding peace overtures the shares 'went mad
on the street after the close of . the exchange,
and the excitement was greater . even '. than In
the boom of lf?95. ftlthough business: is less
and Is generally professional, -with some Conti
nental buying. The public as yet is inclined
SSlMMARf OF THE MARKETS.
4 — — — - —
a fraction /inner. Exchange unchanged.
''11 heat quiet at prwidus prices. Freights'' steady.
Barley continues to creep up. Oats strong, but dull.
Corn dull. Rye firmly held, but quiet. -.
Hay and Rolled Barley vcrx firm. Bran and Middlings easy.
Beans and Seeds show little variation.
Butter. CJiccsc and Fggs as before quoted.
Stocks of Raisins about exhausted. Quotations dropped.
Dried Fruits continue firm. Nuts steady and Honey rather dull.
Provisions weak ajid declining everywhere.
Hogs in ample supply for the light demand.
Beef, Mutton and Veal shozv little change.
Fresh Fmits quiet, owing chiefly to the cold -iccafl'.cr.
Potatoes and Onions firm and unchanged.
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm.
Local stocks and bonds not over active.
'New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
to hold aloof, but probaly " will ' jump in - on
the advance. ' — • ; -.-.*¦. '
' There is no local activity In American stocks,
but they responded to New York- orders. J -
Rio • Tintos . spurted 1% on the . streneth • of
Amalgamated-Copper and on the first rally 'In
the price .. of - lake copoer since the cut V-was
made below 17 cents. Vi^ie' metal here, however,
reacted % to £49% after yesterday's jump
Ofl'i.
Money rates tend to be easier on Continental
competition. ¦;-¦;. :. . :_•...-.. . ¦
of 17c. which was quoted in the middle of De
cember, - was said -. to be quite unwarranted by
the commercial, conditions. * To-day's prices
were 11 >£c ' for ' lake. 11%@11%C for electro
lytic and ll^cSHUc for casting. The Lon
don market declined . 5s for spot, but futures
were unchanged and both positions closed ¦ ai
£50. . ¦ • ...-¦•.-
• Tin was about 40 points lower here and easy
at the, decline at $23 50@23 65 for spot. At
London prices closed 15s* lower, at £107 5s for
spot and £103 5s for futures.-. '
Lead .was unchanged at $4.10. London was
Is 3d lower at £10 16s 3d.
Spelter was 2% points higher at New York
at $4 27««. London was 2s 6d higher at
£!Cs 7d. •
Iron was quiet and unchanged - here. Th»
English markets- were- lower. Glasgow closed
at 48s lOd. Mlddlesboro closed at 44s l%d. Pig
iron warrants closed ¦ here at$ll@12; No. 1
Northern -foundry. $16 5O@17 50;- Ko: 2 -North
ern foundry, $16@16 75: No. . 1 . Southern roiin
dry.: $1«01C 00; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft,
$16@1C 50. . . * \
Butter j Cheese and Eggs
Onions and Vegetables,
The market continues firm and prices .ire un
changed. The Sierra brought up 200 crat«:3 and
ICO sacks onions from Australia which have
not yet been placed on the market
Receipts of Los Angeles Vegetables were
light, as usual on Tufeday, only a few packages
arriving on the late express. There was a large
amount of Peas carried over from the previous
day and these goods sold below quotations.
There were 1GG boxes Tomatoes and 38 boxes
Peppers on the steamer from Mexico, which ar
rived Monday ! but were not sold up to a late
hour yesterdays New Rhubarb from across the
bay sold at 10c- per lb. and new forced Aspara
gus from Sacramento at 2C@23c per lb.
POTATOES— $l<gl 30 for Burbanks from
the river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@l •«>: Ore-
Ron Burbanks. $1 25® 1 C3; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 40<tl 50: River Reds, $1 50@l t>0;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50©l 60; Sweets. $1 i»O
lor Merced. • • . - . " . - • _
ONIONS— Oresons $2@2 23 for the best and
$1 50@l 90 for lower grades; Green Onions, 40
@f>0c ner box. ' ,
.VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
1 geles, 6@"c; String Beans from Los Angeles.
, 10@15c: Cabbage. «t0@50c per ctl: Los Anseles
tomatoes, $2 per box and $2 25<S2 60 per. crate:
T)rled Peppers, '; 10@12V.c per lb: Los Angeles
do. l.'.@17^c: Dried Okra. 12^i@15c per • lb;
Carrots. 35@50c per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers,
$1@1 50 per dozen for large vand G0@«5e for
small; Garlic. • lVie^^c; Los Angeles Green
Peppers. 2T.c; Ess Plant from Los Angeles.
nominal; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
$1 50@l 75; Marrowfat Squash; $S@10 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Local Poultry Is firm under light receipts.
,Toung stock cleaned up easily at full prices,
but Old Hens and Roosters were dull. One car
Eastern came in, making three thus far for the
week, and sales were made as follows: Hens,
?5; Roosters, $5 50<g6; Fryers, $5®5 5O; Old
Ducks, $4 50: Young do, $6 50; Geese. $1 75;
Pigeons, $1 50; Squabs. $2 75; Hen Turkeys.
14c, and 13c for Gobblers.
Game sold slowly at previous prices. Receipts
were 105 sacks.'
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 14@17c: Live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and lift 15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2@2 23; Ducks. $5@5 50 for old and ?6@7 for
young; Hens, $4<Si>; young Roosters, $4 50®
6: old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $4@5; Broil
ers, $ 1@5 for large and $3@4 for small ; Pigeons,
$1 50@l 75 per I dozen for old and $2 50@2 75
for Squabs. ; \
GAME— Dovesj per dozen, $1: Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard, $2@3; Canvasback. $2@3 50: Sprig.
$1 50@l 75; Teal. $1@1 50; Widgeon. $1; Small
Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1; English Snipe.
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50: Gray Geese. $3;
White Geese. $1(6:1 25: Brant. $1 00® 2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
®4: Pink. *175®2 20: Red. $2 25<@2 50: Blac*.
eye. $3 50©3 €5: Llmas, $4 40® 4 tiO;.Kea Kid
neys, $3 5C@3 75 Der ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, ?2 85@3: Yel'.ow
Mustard, ¦ $3 25@3 50: Flax, $2 40@2 75; Ca
nary, . S%@3V-c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8^c: Rape.lV4@l%c: Hemp. 3%c p*r 1b.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 25@1 63; . Green.
$1 -5®1 50 per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29. 1902.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
Continued on Page Thirteen.
- ' Z ,? ',* ¦ 2 2 n'
• | 1 5" 1 3 || -gj[ I
STATION. j ¦.; 5 ; g ; § ?•» " Js
Astoria 30. 40 «4 26 NE Clear 0.00
Baker 30.40 10 — 2 NW Clear 0.0<i
Carson.... 30.02 2G 4 NE Cloudy T.
Eureka :KMS 40 28 N Pt.Cldy 0.00
Frerno 30.00 4S 2S NE Pt.Cldy 0.00
Flagstaff 29, S4" 1 24 4 S\V Snow 0.12
Poestteilo. Ida.:i0.40 i.— IS W Pt.Cldy 0.00
Indei>eridence..2!».S4 38 18 SE Pt.Cldy 0.00
Los Angeles.. .20.U4 SS » S\V Clear T.
Phoenix 29.1)2 .%4 :I2 NW Pt.Cldy 0.00
Portland :H>.4S 2S 16 K Clear 0.00
Red BluIT 30.02 5U 2S N Clear 0.00
Roseburg... ...2<».2S JUT 2S NW Clear 0.00
«acTamento...:J0.OO 50 32 N Clear 0.00
Sa'.tLake 30.14 1G 10 NW Cloudy 0.04
San Francisco.30.00 51 3S W Clear 0.00
S. L.OblEpo. ..30.04 54 2(i W Clear 0.0T.
San Diego 211. SM 54 44 SW Rain 0.0<;
•Seattle :'.0.4S :« 20 SE Clear 0.W
Spokane .10. 5S 18—12 NE Clear T.
Ncah Bay .10.40 ."6 2S ' K Cloudy
Walla Walla..: 30.62 14 4 S* CJear T.
Wlnnemucca..30.?0 IS — C NE Clear T.
Tumi 21). 02 50 SO SW Cloudy O.OO
- ' Z ,? ',* ¦ 2 2 n'
• | 1 5" 1 3 || -gj[ I
STATION. j ¦.; 5 ; g ; § ?•» " Js
Astoria 30. 40 «4 26 NE Clear 0.00
Baker 30.40 10 — 2 NW Clear 0.0<i
Carson.... 30.02 2G 4 NE Cloudy T.
Eureka :KMS 40 28 N Pt.Cldy 0.00
Frerno 30.00 4S 2S NE Pt.Cldy 0.00
Flagstaff 29, S4" 1 24 4 S\V Snow 0.12
Poestteilo. Ida.:i0.40 i.— IS W Pt.Cldy 0.00
Indei>eridence..2!».S4 38 18 SE Pt.Cldy 0.00
Los Angeles.. .20.U4 SS » S\V Clear T.
Phoenix 29.1)2 .%4 :I2 NW Pt.Cldy 0.00
Portland :H>.4S 2S 16 K Clear 0.00
Red BluIT 30.02 5U 2S N Clear 0.00
Roseburg... ...2<».2S JUT 2S NW Clear 0.00
«acTamento...:J0.OO 50 32 N Clear 0.00
Sa'.tLake 30.14 1G 10 NW Cloudy 0.04
San Francisco.30.00 51 3S W Clear 0.00
S. L.OblEpo. ..30.04 54 2(i W Clear 0.0T.
San Diego 211. SM 54 44 SW Rain 0.0<;
•Seattle :'.0.4S :« 20 SE Clear 0.W
Spokane .10. 5S 18—12 NE Clear T.
Ncah Bay .10.40 ."6 2S ' K Cloudy
Walla Walla..: 30.62 14 4 S* CJear T.
Wlnnemucca..30.?0 IS — C NE Clear T.
Tumi 21). 02 50 SO SW Cloudy O.OO
AUCTSONJALES
CLOSING OUT SAL5
OF THE FOLLOWING STANDARD
Palo Alto Brood Hares,
27 IN AuL, INCLUDING
Anselma. 2:20Vi by Ansel. 2:20 <dam of An-
selor, 2:2H-i); " Asombrosa by Azmoor. -.-" i.
Bel! Bird. 2:22. by Electioneer: Cecino by M . n-
docino. 2:l»Vi: Clarion. 2:25-y,. by A nsP |- -~Z-
Clarionette by Dexter Prince: Coralla ..,,V
Boodle. 2:12%: Corsica by Dext?r Prime; fc-'.la.
2:20. by Electioneer; Elsie by Genvral Bentna
(dam of flvp in the list): OiacinU by Guy
Wilkes. 2:15U: Lsdy Agn?a. by El«-ctirn<»er
«dam of two in the list>: Lady Nutwood. S:-'-*^.
by Nutwood. 2:18% (dam of three In ths 11«S>.
Ladywell. 2:ltSV». by Electioneer: Laura Drew
by Arthurton (dam of two In ths HstV. Lena
by Dexter Trlnce: Lilly Thorn by Electioneer:
Morning G!ory bv Electioneer Warn of twn in
the list): Xeille Benton, 2::!0. by General Ren-
ton (dam of two in the llst>: Ororos" by f>ra
Wilkes 2:11: Sabling bv Guy Wilkes. 2:15H:
Sonoma. 2:2S. bv Electioneer: Sylla Rarnea by
Whips 2:27>«'.: Wiidrnay 2:"0 by niectioneer
(dam "of Wifdcr. 2:l«Vi); Zorllla by Dexter
Prince.-
All safe In foal to such sires aa
McKinney. 2:ll»/i: Iran Alto. 2:12»4: Nutwood
Wilkes 2:1RV>; Mendoolno. 2:19^: Exloneer;
Aisnoof. 2:20V,; Mor. bells. 2:2U%. etc.
Also th» following horses: •
Bay stallion. AZMOOR. 2:2n»,i by Election-
eer, dam Mamie C; hrown KPldin? ALTOWER.
by Altlvo, 2:1SM,, darn Wlldfiower «2>. 2:Q1.
and chestnut Rcldlns MEXZIE. by Mendocino.
2:19Vi. dam Lizzie.
SALE WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE
Occidental horse Exchange
! 721-723 Ho\Pard Street. San Francisco.
Thursday; January 33,1932
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
Horsea at yard January 27. Send for catalogue.
WILLIAM G. 'LAYtfa. Auctioneer.
This will be the grandest opportunity ever
offered seekers after first-class, handsome trot-
ting mares In foal to the most fashionable sires
in California to get them at their own price.
Many of them are young and after their foals
are weaned will make very desirable roadsters.
A handsomer lot was never offered. There will
be no reserve. ."-"";
In Conjunction With the
PALO ALTO SALE
I WILL ALSO SELL
A Two- Year-Old Bay stallion by
McKinney, £:lltf ; dam ths »
2:14^'. :;\',...>.,
A number of roadsters by Diablo «:W'4>,
Stelnway <2:25»4>. Richards Elector. Haw-
thcrne. Dexter Prince, etc.. and several flna
carriages, buggies. carts,\ harness, etc.
WM. G. LAYXG. Auctioneer.
fe
KKGLLAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE »t
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth street.
WEDNESDAY. January 29. at 11 a. m.. we
will sell 40 Head of Good Horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.' Victoria," B. c.v Jan. ¦ 28.— The* British sur
vey steamer Egerla sailed from Esquimau this
morning to search for the missing Condor.
Ira Clay Adams, 27, Callstoga, and Dottle
H. Brown, 21. Oakland: James E. Row
ley. 23, and Minnie. A. Manentan, 26, San
Francisco.
Licensed to Marry;
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day - to David F. • De Ber
nard!, aged 23, and Mary A. Garzoli,' 20,
both of Alameda; Francisco Lewis, 29,
and Lenora Luiz, 17, both of Pleasanton;
Louis Fulgelsteln, 29, Sacramento,* . and
Sarah Blackman. over 19, San . Francisco;
Jan. 28.— Major Lot and three
Filipino lieutenants, with ten rifles, three
revolvers and twenty-four bolos sur
rendered, to Major Anderson of , the Sixth
Cavalry yesterday at Llpa,^ province of
Batangaa.^. Lot .waa brought . in sick on
a litter. • He is cordially hated at Lipa
-where >he ¦ looted $55,000 worth ¦ of jewelry
from prominent families.
/. Nickerson's : scouts have captured ¦ Col
oner Lot, a. brother of, Major Lot near
Batangas. -
;'• LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.—^General Su
perintendent "Arthur. G. Wells of the San
ta Fe was to-day, appointed general man
ager of the Santa Fe. system west of /Al
buquerque, vice the late W. G.' Nevln, the
appointment to take effect on February 1.
•¦; Mr. Wells has. occupied ; the -position of
general superintendent since .the reorgan
ization * of , the ¦ Santa >Fe : lines,- prior ; ; to
which t time * he ' was the general superin
tendent , of i the Atlantic ; : and Pacific. . Mr.
,Wells is • at^ present acting general , man
ager, \ as he was , during 1 , the ¦/ protracted
illness of W;;G.' Nevina year ago. -„. A" suc
cessor ; to | the general superintendent' s of
fice has riot' as yet been selected.— -
TIRED WARRIORS
PREFER PEACE
NEW-WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Reapath, Illinois
Howard Martin, Mich
: Andrew Morten, Mich
¦J Morrison,' N Haven
W Devine. Or •
H J Randall, Or ¦-.
I Anderson,. L> Ang r: '
D H Clancy, Groveland
W Deverer&w, - Vallejo
I McKever. Detroit
W P Lacy, Philada
W Lofter, Boston?
W Travonlsky, N York
HiHart, Daggett • ;
W Robey, Daggett .
R Dowblin,' Daggett '
Ed ' Kennedy, ', Denver 1 1
E L Jordan, Arizona
John Curtis,, Reno.
H Lemermnan, Or- -
L Castro,, Walla .Walla
E Harris, K. C . •-
C G Anderson&w, | low
J M Stanton, Boston,:
Z E Burchner, Japan ,
P, J Murtha," Japan
A. H Bernsch, Leadv {
E Hazzeirlg, Victoria'
H ¦ McFarland, - Wash '
A G Arnold, Nev > .
J A LiewlB&w, Uklah .V
M J Rowe M P, Minn
J Shaffer, Fresno '
HE Craig, . Seattle ,
A Mowltin, Rio Vista
I R: Barton,' L. Ang
H Carson, Sacto '¦> • ¦
P J Miles, ;K C -¦- ¦¦¦¦-•
A L Miller, Iowa V
A Duffafd,- Phoenix
J'Boyd," Callstoga
H Richards, Ohio
T Dewyer, Buffalo
J Castro, Salt Lake
J Nolan, Redding .'
E B Sunchart, S Rosa
M C Markus, B C '
0 B Smitherson, Minn
A N Lewistori,-N-J ¦
C Reed, N Orleans '
ttev Q Mlllard&f. N J
Jos Anderson,- Chicago
G Mlllbank, Charleston
G Sullivan, Savannah
K Lund&f, Spokane .
d F Licon, Kansas ' !
H P Stroder, Neb . , ;" -
W B Gills, Neb. ; l
P Gordon, St Louis , :
E Emerson, St Loulr'
H L Tilly, St Louis •
JrE Hall, Idaho
A H Gresaer," Conn -
T E Swanson.' .Colo -
C - E Harris, Mich . i
W H' Smith, Or v : ;,
W. Delps, Washington '
Capt NelBbn, Phllada
J McEnerny; Pa ¦ •;
J Dennison, Colo""- ' ,'•'
H Miller, J Fernie,' ¦ B C
F E Smith, Spokane - ~ ,
G Condon, w&d,:Phlla
Mrs 1/ Strom, Butte
J McDonald&Wj Nev
1 R Hughes.VlrglnlaCy
Miss Meelands, Grass V
\V J Conlina, SLObispo
W M Walsh, S Diego
J Banter, -8 Jose', < L -.
E : Conking3, , Savannah
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
J. H. Joselyn, charged with practicing
medicine without a license, was tried be
fore a jury in Judge Cabaniss* court yes
terday afternoon. Joselyn produced a li
cense issued to him in 1S76, and there was
nothing to show that It had been revoked.
The jury brought in a verdict of n»t
guilty.
Has License to Practice.
Mrs.- - Eleanor Martin left' Monday for
a short trip southward. : .: -
Mrs. S. P. ' Stowe of Santa - Barbara
7 7b * 0 J xa3 .J >ee 5 vlsItln e Mrs. W. W. Stowe
in this city, hag returned. to her home.
Mrs. Charles Page entertained at lunch
eon ,^ n Sa T tu >"day. her guest of honor be
ing Mrs. Henry Page of Valparaiso, Chile
Mrs. A. D. Sharon, Palace Hotel, gave
a pretty pink- and violet luncheon on Sat
urday. Mr. Frederick Warden the trage
dian; was guest of honor. .The favors
were dainty pink bonbon dishes of can
died violets. ¦ The table decorations were
artistic and . pleasing. The center piece
was of pink satin ribbon and violet tulle
and the candelabra bad pink silk shades
Miniature . swans carrying -violets were
held in place with pink ribbons, also tied
to the chandelier.
The guests were: Mrs. William duff,
Mrs. Joseph Austin. Mrs. Asa R. "Wells
Mrs. Morton, Mrs. D. A. Wilson. Mrs j'
C. Crawford, Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Jennings"
Mrs. A. W. Wilson and Mrs. Clement
Bennett. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank ¦ Jaynes enter
tained forty of their friends 'informally at
their home, 2607 California street, on Sat
urday evening. An interesting 'game of
whist was enjoyed.
Mr. i and~- Mrs. A. G. Booth, 1001 Pine
street, gave an enjoyable luncheon Satur
day evening at the University Club. ": The
guests of honor were Mr. and- Mrs. Ogden
Fethers of Wisconsin. Mr. Fethers. was
a Commissioner ¦ from the United States
to the Paris Exposition, having been ap
pointed by the late President McKInley.
The other guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Horace-Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. F. G.'San
born and Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Graves.
• .- • •
. The Chrysanthemums are looking for
ward with great interest to their ball for
charity on Saturday night. They are los
ing no opportunities to persuade their
friends to purchase tickets and those ap
proached on the subject , are • accepting
with amazing alacrity. Everybody knows
that the Chrysanthemums' purpose 3 in
giving the ball is to raise funds for the
free bed in the incurable ward of the
Children's Hospital and the sympathetic
helpfulness is easy to understand. Tick
ets may be procured for $1'- each at Ar
thur B. Pierson's stationery store, 318
? Post street.
• • . •
pie and the entertainment will be an Im
portant social function. The vaudeville
programme is made up of thte best talent
on the professional stage and the pro
moters of charity cannot fall to get their
money's worth. Tickets may be procured
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, the Grand
Opera-house, or at the hospital, 1007 Sut
ter street.
United States Commissioner Morse filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court his report showing that the fol
lowing claims have been filed against the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company ' for
damages for. loss of life and property In
the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro near the
Golden Gate on February 22 of last year:
Sarah Jehu, loss of life of her daughter,
Sarah Rowen, $4000; R. C. Hawes, admin
istrator, loss of life of Naomi Wakefleld
and property, $26,730; . Ruth Miller, execu
trix of estate of Sarah Wakefield, loss of
life and property, $51,075; Maria Gussoni
and Felice Gussoni, wife and child of the
late Angelo Gussoni, loss of life and prop
erty, $10,000; Frances Ripley, loss of her
property, $486 50; Clara Barwick, wife, and
Hattle and Henry, children of Edward
Barwick, ship's butcher," who was lost,
$25,245; William F. Aldrich, executor, loss
of life of Lilitia Wildman, $10,000; loss of
property, $10,000; Sarah Guyon, adminis
tratrix, loss of life of her husband, Henry
Guyon, $25,000, and Sarah Guyon for
breach of contract and property lost and
her children Milton, Ernest and Edward
for property 1 lost, ¦ $525-vtotal amount of
the claims, $163,043 50.. 'i\ './,. ...
The. value of the steamer after the
•wreck, plus freight "and passage money
pending, has been appraised at $24,873 93,
but the claimants aver; that the company
is responsible for. the whole amount of
the damages asked .for, and that the ves
sel was lost because of the'negllgence and
unskillfulness of the servants S 6f the com
pany in' attempting to bring the vessel
into the -harbor in a thick fog and with
out taking any soundings..
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 28.— J. H. McFarlan, up
ward of 60 years of age, attempted to commit
suicide at Old Town this morning. He wrote
a letter saying he was /tired and discouraged
and wanted to die.
A farewell reception . will be tendered
Dr. Edna L. Beck this afternoon at Simp
son Memorial Church, Hayes and Buchan
an streets. Dr. Beck leaves to-morrow
for India on missionary work, and a big
rally of her friends at the church is an
ticipated. There will be addresses to the
departing missionary, and vocal and . in
strumental music. A. number of - mission
aries who are at present in the city will
be also entertained.
To Bid Adieu to Dr. Edna Beck.
Think Plunger Is Broke.
The general sentiment in sporting circles
last night was that Lewis had "gone
broke" and that he hoped to make a "kill
ing" on Lass of Langdon and If the filly
had won and no investigation had been
made as to his credit at the bank, on
which he had drawn checks, he would
have continued to pose as a "prosperous
plunger."
The penalty mefed out. by racing asso
ciations for an attempt to defraud' the
bookmakers is warning off the turf.
Danny Lynch stated last night that he
knew nothing of Lewis'- transactions in
giving Dwyer a "phony" check for $5000.
"He came to me last week," said Lynch,
"and J gave him information that he fol
lowed and he won big money. I thought
that my filly, Lass of Langdon, would win
and told Lewis so. She would have done
so if she had not got the worst of it at
the start." : . - - ?
General Manager Price of the New Cali
fornia Jockey Club stated last night that
he was busily engaged in examining the
sheets of the bookmakers and would re
port to the racing stewards to-day. Price
stated that in justice to all parties con
cerned he was unable to give out any
information as to Lewis' conduct in the
betting ring.
Regarding ,his "markers," Lewis in
formed Price that they would ; be made
good to-day by Ellis of the firm, of Ellis
& Stanfield, who have a stable at Oakland
track.
General Manager Price sent to the
bookmakers for their sheets and the doc
uments disclosed no record of any sucn
cash transactions as Lewis claimed to
have made on Lass of Langdon. When
pressed Lewis admitted that he gave' the
check to Dwyer to place on Lass of Lang
don in outside pool rooms in order
to get a good price. He ; confessed
that he • had no money . in the
bank on which the '$5000 check was
drawn, 'but vouchsafed no explanation as
to! how he intended to meet the voucher.
Lewis tried to make an excuse to General
Manager Price by saying that he did not
expect to get ' a fair deal and' did not
think that Dwyer would "put the money
up as directed in the poolrooms on Lass
of Langdon. .
Sooks Contradict Lewis.
ment to General Manager Price, and to
that official the plunger claimed that he
had stopped the check he had given to
Dwyer to place on Lass of Langdon. He
gave his reason for this act that he had
discovered that he was to be "jobbed" by
certain parties. Lewis asserted that he
had placed $2500 in cash on the filly and
admitted his Indebtedness on "markers"
to the extent of $1500. ;
YOUNG COUPLE WHO WILL
BE -MARRIED IN OAKLAND
TO-NIGHT.
Has No Funds at Bank.
When George Rose, the bookmaker,
was offered a check by Lewis, drawn on
the Western National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Rose telegraphed the bank to find
out something as to Lewis' credit. The
reply was that Lewis had no funds on
deposit at the bank. Rose informed the
other bookmakers and Joe Dwyer, who
had placed bets for $5000 in other cities
on behalf of Lewis, at- once counter
manded his commissions.
The young plunger was told on all sides
that his checks would not be accepted
and that cash was required. Some of the
bookmakers, having faith In Lewis, ac
cepted his "markers" or "credit" bets on
Lass of Langdon to the extent of $1500.
Lass of Langdon opened in the betting
at 3 to 1 and went back to 6 to L In a
poor race she finished fourth,' being
beaten by a length and a half, the filly
Montana Peeress coming In first under
the wire. . . . ...
Lewis' career was ended for , the day
when he was unable to redeem his mark
ers for $1500. His transaction in giving
Dwyer a check for $5000, when he had no
funds to meet it at the bank on which
it was drawn, was the topic of conversa
tion and soon' came to the ears of tne
stewards of the racing association.
Lewis was called upon to make a statt-
only question to be determined Is whether the
complaint shows that the members of tha
Beard of Health authorized by the charter of
San Francisco have "usurped. Intruded into or
unlawfully hold or exercise any public office.
If that Board of Health has a legal existence
its members cannot be said to have either
usurped or Intruded into any public office or
to unlawfully hold or exercise such office. The
supervision and. control of the sanitary condi
tion of a city and provision for the health of
Its inhabitants are. as is shown in the opinion
of Mr. Justice Temple, eminently a "municipal
affair," and the establishment of a Board of
Health which shall have the management and
control of that "affair" is an appropriate pro
vielon of a municipal charter. To the extent
that the provisions of the charter upon this
subject are within this "municipal- affair," to
that extent the Board of Health created by the
charter Is rot an illegal body, whether any of
the provisions of the charter upon this subject
are Inconsistent with the general laws ¦ of the
State, or whether they are provisions in the
general laws which arc not covered by the pro
visions of the charter, are not involved in this
ease. • - •
sacks of gold from the book
makers, was unable to meet his obliga
tions yesterday and was also exposed as
having given a check for $3000
on a local bank where he had
no funds. An investigation of
Lewis' transactions in the Oakland
betting ring was made last evening by
Secretary and General Manager Charles
F. Price of the New California Jockey
Club and the entire affair will come up
before the stewards to-day.
Lewis was not to be found last night
at any of the places he has frequented
since bis advent here and It -was rumored
that he left for Chicago on the Santa Fe
evening train.
When Lewis visited the Oakland track
yesterday afternoon the word went round
that he was in. financial difficulty and the
bookmakers refused to accept his; checks.
Lewis gave a check for $5000 to Joe Dwy
er, the cashier for the ''Andrews" boob,
with instructions to place the money on
Lass of Langdon, a filly owned by Danny
Lynch, entered for the first race.- The
money was to be placed in pool rooms In
certain cities in order to keep the bet
ting price well up.
HJ. LEWIS, the "plunger," who
has loomed up in the
past week as a Croesus of
3 the betting ring and who
was credited with taking
RACETRACK "PLUNGER" WHOS E SENSATIONAL BUT SHORif CA
REER ON THE EMERYVILLE TRACK TERMINATED YESTERDAY
WHEN DETECTED IN PASSING WORTHLESS CHECKS.
CLAIMS FOB DAMAGES
'£ FOB THE BIO WBECK
ARTHUR G. WELLS
SUCCEEDS NEVIN
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Frederick Mulllns
gave. a dinner at their home,. 1S09 Gough
street, last evening in honor of their
daughter, Miss Maud Mullins (who is to
marry Dr. John Rogers Clark on Decem
ber 5), Dr. Clark and those who will com
prise the wedding party. Miss Mulllns is
being generously feted and j preparations
are being made for 1 a -very pretty wed
ding, which will take place at Grace Epis
copal Church, at 8:30 o'clock on the even
ing of that eventful day. ¦ '.
¦¦¦¦ ¦ • ¦• ; •",;¦*;:•¦.' .... .
; Mrs. "William Taylor, gave "a delightful
luncheon yesterday at the home of her
mother, Mrs. NI G. Kittle, corner of
Steiner , street and . Pacific, avenue. Mrs.
Greene; of Courtland was guest of honor.
Covers' were laid for ten. I The decorations
were Very artistic, • the effects being car
ried out in white, principally f reezlas,
with a few dainty maidenhair ferns. .
. . ¦ - *. ' ¦¦• '., ¦¦' • v !<<¦ ;;! ¦
Mrs. George W. . Glbbs was hostess at
a dainty luncheon "yesterday at her; resi
dence, 2622 'Jackson, street. Covers were
laid for twelve. The luncheon was a de
lightful affair, in every detail. •
', >.,.¦ v ; V;'f ; ,\T< '" ¦* *'-' * •' ;;-¦;'.;«•
The Grand Opera-house will be thronged
with society - .to-morrow evening, the
event being the large benefit for the. free
ward and clinic of the California Eye and
Ear Hospital. -Boxes are -being- sub
scribed for by -the city's best known- peo-
' Mrs. li. L». Dorr was hostess at a pleas
ant eucher party yesterday afternoon at
her home, 1115 Hyde, street. Fifty ladies
were '¦ entertained and very attractive
prizes were bestowed upon the fortunate
players. . Dainty 'refreshments' -were
served, and the guests had a very" pleas
ant afternoon. ;¦ ~~
. • - ¦••'• • ¦ .
' Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wilson gave
an enjoyable dinner last evening in honor
of Captain and Mrs. Justin Bailey, U. S.
N. The decorations were artistic and the
dinner was a decided success in every
detail. - • . /:
-.¦-•. - ?*-.»
Because of remarkable circumstances
which have arisen, Mrs. Lovell White has
decided to withdraw her name from the
candidacy for president of the State Fed
eration of Women's Clubs. This election
of officers Is to take place on February 4,
during the coming session of the federa
tion. •
1 Mrs. White is vice president of the State
federation, and has for two years carried
on the work of the president, Mrs. Robert
J. Burdette, who has been In Europe. Mrs.
White is also chairman of the local board,
and for two months has been doing all the
work of preparing for the session in this
city now iclose at ¦ hand. Mrs. White is
president of the California Club as well.
. ¦..,.*.. /• . : * ¦.-"
Social day at the > California Club
brought a large number of members from
their homes, . besides a dozen or more of
guests. Mrs. A^ D. Sharon was to have
been chairman |of the day and had ar
ranged with Professor De Witt to give his
"Afternoon of Mystery," as well as vocal
selections, but the entire programme was
not reached, as^the time was occupied by
voting upon "the color line." At a re
cent meeting of the club a resolution was
adopted waiving the "color line" and ad
mitting representatives of ' colored wo
men's clubs at club affairs. A second bal
lot-was deemed advisable, owing. to some
dissatisfaction, and the matter was there
fore voted upon at yesterday's session.
Eighty-eight votes were cast to rescind
and 101 not to rescind, leaving a majority,
of the votes cast in favor of waiving the
color, line. . - ' • ... !
. The executive , board of the California
Club has adopted resolutions upon the
death . of J. Richard Freud as an honor- •
able and public-spirited citizen of integ
rity and liberality, and expressing high
appreciation of Mr. Freud's kindnesses
and constant . cordiality toward the club.
• » . • ¦ . ¦ ¦
Mrs. D. R. Sessions gave a pretty lunch
eon yesterday at her • home, 1 2120 Lyon
street. Mrs. W.- S. . Leake. was guest of.
honor. Everything was so perfectly ap
pointed and the guests so congenial that
the luncheon proved a delightful affair.-
The other guests were .Mrs/ George E.
Bates, Mrs. W. R.-.'Eckart, Mrs. George
Gale and Mrs. J. J. Spieker. -
«* ' ' . V. : ¦ - : ¦ ' ; * " • '. r * ? V : , .'-.'- f -
. ,-rrm r-w- ISS ELLA SMITH, a popular San
/AVAl Francisco girl, will become the
II W \\ bride of , William J. Fergu-
A V JA. son this evening. Mr. Ferguson
. V is with the John Breuner Com-»
pany; and has scores of friends on both
sides of the bay. The wedding will take
place at' the. residence of the groom's
brother, Charles- Ferguson, at 706 Tel
egraph avenue,. Oakland. After a short
wedding trip the couple will reside at 223
Waller street In this city.
So far as the. police can learn there is
nothing criminal in .Coons' record. He
is a veteran of the Civil War and«enjoys
a partial disability pension of $24 a quar
ter. He has a daughter in New York.
Coons said during moments of apparent
clearness that he had been tw:rs married
but is now a widower. At the time of his
commitment from San Francisco to the
State hospital his case was diagnosed as
"religious mania." • .. -.:.-,,•,
A complaint will be sworn to by Detec
tive Shorey to-morrow charging Coons
with being insane. He will be returned m
all probability to the State hospital at
Ukiah, from which he was discharged
two years ago.,- '. ; . ¦ ., . . •
Mrs. Schaffer*s determination won tha
day. Coons slowly ambled off and was
seen no more that day. ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
i "I must get my wife," he declared,
starting toward the woman with the
pistol.
"Don't you step forward an inch, or I
will kill you," was the firm order from
the determined woman. ...
Again he was quieted and renewed his
tramp, not disturbing the family again
until 7:30 o'clock in the morning. This
time Mrs. Schaffer responded. Armed
with a pistol she went to the door -and
aiming the weapon at the caller ordered
him to depart. ,
Woman Makes TJse of PistoL
The Schaffers were aroused at 2 o'clock-
Saturday morning by violent thumping on
the front door. The startled husband
arose and went to the door. He fou.ict
Coons there demanding admittance. The
uncanny visitor angrily declared the
Schaffers .were concealing his wife from
him.
"I must have her," he shrieked In his
maniacal rage.
¦ Schaffer realized that the caller was not
in his right mind and tried to pacify him.
After half an hour's effort Coons departed
and began to walk around the house. For
two hours he tramped bareheaded and
then suddenly renewed his attack upon
the Schaflers' residence.
Detectives Shorey and Holland spent the
greater part of the day In an investiga
tion of Coons' history since he has been
in Oakland. Ample evidence of his insan
ity was uncovered. Only last Saturday
night Coons was held at bay by a deter
mined .woman, armed with a pistol, and
.prevented from entering her house in
search of the wife his unbalanced mind
had imagined was hidden from him. The
exciting scene was : enacted at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. A. Schaffer, adjoin
ing Coons' place on "Wheeler avenue,
Frultvale. . .
Evidence of Coons' Insanity.
It was at the order of Chief of Police
Hodgkins that the child was requested to
go to the prison to-day and if possible
Identify the 1 demented -prisoner, whose
strange actions and words at the Gem
saloon yesterday in East Oakland led to
his arrest. Although . the child was
halting In her identification, the police
feel fairly well convinced that they hava
the guilty man.- ;.-
i I did not see- the man's face very well that
night. This man here seems very much like
the one who took me away. His hair and tha
back of his head appear like that man's. It
is gray and bushy around the ears, but juat
like his. But I .cannot say surely whether bo
Is the man. ¦ ¦ ¦. . . .,< . v -..
It was not a positive identification, nor
would ' the child commit herself to more
than tne qualified statement that the
suspected man strongly resembled in
bearing and garb the stranger .who left
her unconscious and tied hands- and feet
in the lot at Seventh and Linden streets.'
The child said to Detective Kyte:
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— "That looks llksj
the man who assaulted me," declared. UK
tie Flossie $"White this afternoon at the
City Prison, as she pointed out Edward
L. Coons, the: book agent, who was ar
rested yesterday upon suspicion, of being
the child's mysterious assailant. The girl
picked Coons out from a group of five
men who had been taken In indiscrim
inately from among the prison ' inmates.
Mr. Hofmann' s best number,- by long
odds, was the "Tannhauser" • overture,
given with symphonic grasp. • The Lizst
"Gnomenreigen' was a pretty little tech
nical wonder. Schumann's "Nachstucke"
and the Chopin "Prelude" (No. 25) were
tonally very beautiful, and the "Soiree de
Vienne" was given with sensational effect.
The "Appassionata" sonata betrayed the
thin place in •- the pianist's equipment.
Large in plan, and with all the logical
grip necessary for the Interpretation of
Beethoven, sympathy was almost wholly
lacking,- the epic passion and' tenderness
almost wholly lost. It .was toot "Mr. Hof
mann's, but the instrument's, fault, that
the repeated notes in the first movement
of the sonata— and even in the little "Va
riations" .of Haydn— were deficient in
clearness, and there | was much technical
splendor in the rendering. But, barring in
the "Tannhauser," . the pianist has not
yet done his best work, and the. Friday
recital is likely to show wonders yet . un
revealed.
As an artist Hofmann stands alone. He
does not disturb the supremacy of Go
dowsky, master poet and technician;' nor
the exquisite witchery of Paderewskl's
art; nor. the huge,; warm, colorful magic
of Carreno's effort; nor again the co
lossal technical magnificence of. Rosen
thai. He "has a cool, clear,, logical point
of view, • a brilliant technique, ; a lucent
tone, a marvelous poise and balance that
almost, but not quite, take the place of
spontaneity, together with a faculty of
outlining and massing the features of a
composition -with j superb .certainty. . But
his voice/ lacks . magnetism— yet lacks
poetry, tenderness. For to-morrow, with
its light and mystery, who knows?
Yet another of the great pianists of- the
day has been added to the list of those
whose; attainments are 'a, known quantity
In San Francisco, v Josef Hofmann'made
his first appearance here yesterday after
noon at the Columbia Theater and ; not
since Paderewski's day has so large j an
audience greeted a pianist as that which
welcomed the young virtuoso. . The enthu
siasm, until toward the end of .the pro
gramme, was rather on the. temperate or
der, which, however, was neither Mr. Hof
mann's nor the ; audience's . fault. The
young virtuoso's piano failed to put in
an appearance until after the recital and
the substitute instrument, variously bad,
succeeded in putting a damper on the
artist's mood and consequently on the au
dience's enjoyment. ; But Mr. \ Hofmann
came to, his own toward the close of
the programme, and in spite of the thin,
flat tone and uncertain action of his inf
strument, achieved a splendid triumph in
the "Tannhauser" overture. •; .
Perhaps the young maestro reminds
more of Godowsky than of \ any. other
pianist that we have had here. . -There is
the same delightful • lack of affectation
that distinguished that greatest of the
piano-playing fraternity, tne same simple
and modest manner and entire absence of
anything approaching eccentricity. He
has hair "even as you and I,"- wears a
pianissimo necktie and makes no bid for
any but a thoroughly legitimate popular
ity. His twenty-four' years and world
wide reputation fit but lightly- on' the
shoulders- of, the very ~ boyish-looking
young artist, whose photographs seem to
make a .business of belying . his bright
face.-. .- ¦ - • ¦.'¦'¦¦.- ,., '.. . . :¦••¦;¦
Justice Harrison, with whom Justice
Garoutte concurs directly, also writes a
concurring opinion. He cays in part as
follows:
I concur in affirming the judgment. The
Question of Usurpation.
Justice McFarland concurs, but denies
that the public health ia a "municipal af
fair," holding that the city can take ac
tion without interfering with the general
laws.
Chief Justice Beatty and Justice Hen-«
shaw concur directly with Justice Tem
ple. Justice Van Dyke writes a concur
ring opinion In which he emphasizes the
stand taken by Justice Temple that a
city should be clothed with great power
to deal with matters pertaining to tne
health of its inhabitants.
Former Board Not Considered,
The attorneys for Dr. Lawlor contend
that. If a law, the charter cannot b« re
pealed, amended or interfered with by
the Legislature, and thus prevents the
Etate from protecting the public health.
San Francisco, it is said, is our prin
cipal seaport and likely to receive from
abroad persons affected •with infectious
diseases and who are a source of danger
to the entire population of the State. In
reference to this point the court says:
•'We must presume. If these provisions
are valid, that in creating the charter
and making it sv law the people have
adopted the means In their judgment
likely to protect the people of the State
from such dangers. Nor is the charter a
law which cannot be amended. It was
made and can be amended as the people
have ordained In the organic law."
Justice Temple, who renders the opin
ion, says in dosing:
As I have said, we have in thi* case nothing
to do with the former board. We are neither
required nor authorized to determine In" this
case whether such board still continued in ex
ittence, or, if it does still exist, what powers
and functions are left to it. The charter
beard certainly has some of the powers which
the charter confers upon It, and if to any ex
tent Ui« code sections creating the former
board are Inconsistent with the valid grant of
power conferred by ths charter to that extent
they are superseded by the charter.
This board with its functions being In Us
nature an •affair" appropriate for a municipal
ity and being actually contained In the char
ter, is a "municipal affair" within any mean-
Ing heretofore given to the phrase "municipal
atair." The suggestion that an "affair" al
ready existing under the laws of the State
and 'or the t^eople generally. Including the In
habitants of the city, cannot be made a munic
ipal •'anair," does not seem to me to merit
discussion. The charter supersedes all laws
inconsistent therewith. I do not wish to in
timate a doubt as to the entire validity of
the charter provlstone on this subject, but for
the purposes of this case It is not necessary
to decide whether some of Its provisions are not
void because inconsistent with the code pro
vision*. If there is anything which the char
ter board can lawfully do the -city may mala
tala U. ¦ ¦ . •. :
It U evident that the powers conferred upon
and the duties required of this board are
etrlctly municipal in their character. All that
It required of the board Is peculiarly for the
inhabitants of the city and not directly for
the benefit of any one else. As to some of
the functions of the board, a charter, which
did not In eonie way provide for them, directly
or indirectly, by permitting the legislative
body of the city to make provision, would be
intolerable. It may be safely asserted that
no such charter exists and that all that is
here provided for is usually provided or per
mitted in the charters of large cities.
Duties Strictly Municipal.
The court, after the comparison of the
powers conferred on each board, makes
the following; comment:
The board eh&Il have the management and
control of the City and County Hospital, Alms
houses, ambulance service, municipal hospital!-,
receiving hofpit&ls and of ail matters pertain
ing to the preservation, promotion ind pro
tection of the lives and health of the Inhab
itant* of the city and county; and It may de
termine the nature and character of nuisances
i.:id provide lor their abatement. It shall have
the t-a Hilary supervision of the municipal in
ttitutions of the city and county, including
jails, sehoolhouses and all public buildings;
of the disposition of the dead, of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offensive sub
stances.
The Supreme Court decided unanimous
ly yesterday that the Mayor of San
Francisco and not the Governor of Cali
fornia has the rl^ht to appoint the mu
nicipal board of health. The contest, which
was instituted by Dr. William M. Lawrlor
and which has been In the courts since
he was ousted from the position of
health officer under th« authority ' grant
ed by the new charter, is thus brought to
an end. Dr. J. M. Williamson and the
other members of the municipal health
board who have been defendants in the
protracted litigation are assured -of their
rightful occupancy of the contested office.
It was held by Lawlor that the May
or's appointees were usurping the func
tions of the San Francisco Board of
Health in that the provision for their ap
pointment in the charter was unconstitu
tional. The old board consisted of the
Mayor and four physicians, the latter be
ing appointed by the Governor. The
health officer for the City and County of
Ban Francisco was elected by Its mem
bers and was removable at Its pleasure.
The board could appoint * quarantine
officer and prescribe his duties and the
duties of masters of vessels entering the
harbor. It could make vaccination com
pulsory and provide hospitals. The mem
bers of the board were held to be State
officers.
The provisions In regard to the public
health contained In the city, charter are
in z>art as follows:
Justices Are Unanimous in
Upholding the New
Charter.
Achieves Triumph Despite
Absence of His Own
Instrument
Ample Evidence of the Insan
ity of Prisoner Obtained
by Polic9. .
Demented Book Agent Is
Accused by Flossie ~:
White.
Young Virtuoso Js Ham
pered by an Inferior
Piano. ¦'•'
Mayor Legally Appoints
City's Board of
Health.
SUPREME COURT
ENDS DISPUTE
BELIEVES COONS
ATTACKED HER
LARGE AUDIENCE
HEARS HOFMANN
9
He A" so Fails to /Make Good; His Credit Bets at Oakland
: . Track and Indications Are that He Has Paid Back to the
Ring All the Money He Is Credited With Having Won
"PLUNGER" LEWIS GIVES
TURFMAN WORTHLESS CHECK
Marriage; Will ..Take : p^
v ¦ , Votes * Not * to ' Rescind 'Recently^ Adapted- Resolution
Waiving the Color Line — -Xharity Hospital .benefits
SMITH-FERGUSON WEDDING
WILL OCCUR THIS EVENING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29. 19OZ.
U
MIW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GHAPE-MTJTS.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
week scouring her scalp,. thinking scrub-
bing, off the scurf will cure the dandruff.
Two hours a week, at the age of 40 years,
she has spent 260 days of. 12 hours each,
or ' two-thirds of a year of her life, in
that vain hope— vain, because you can't
cure dandruff without killing the dandruff
germ, and the only hair preparation on'
earth that will . do that ia Newbro'a
"Herpicide"— also a delightful hair dress-
ing and thorough antiseptic against all
contagion from use of other's hair
brushes.- . •
The Germ That Causes It Has to Be
Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
PANDRXTET WON'T WASH OUT.
Some people can't drink coffee;
-everybody can drink Grain T O. It
looks and tastes like coffee, but it
is made from pure! grains. • No
coffee in it.
Grain-O is cheaper than coffee ;
, costs about one-quarter as much.
All grocers; 15c. and 25c .' -'
¦- *. . ... -. , - ... ... l
\»gj$ THE PURE
GRAIN COFFEE
"A friend of our* had a similar experi-
ence.]' She was seriously 111 with Indi-
gestion and could find nothing to eat that
would not give her heartburn and palpi-
tation, especially at night
"She found that a Email dish of Grape-
Xuts with cream made her a satisfactory
supper and gave her a comfortable
night's rest. In a short time she has
gained several pounds in weight" The
writer lives in Topeka, Kans. Name
Klven by Postum Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
When we first tried it I confesj we
thought there were other and better
things to eat and were told we must ac-
quire a. taste for this new food. Sure
enough, in a day or two we liked Grape-
Nuts better than any other kind of food
on the table. We both gained steadily
In health and strengrth, and this was
caused by Grape-2fut» and Postum Food
Coffee.
"We just added a little cream and, of
course, had a delicious bit of food. We
look up Grape-Nuts Immediately after
returning fom a five years' sojourn in a
hot country and cur stomachs were In
bad condition .and we were In bad health
generally.
dish and I discovered it was Grape-Nuta,
which, of course, was easy to prepare, for
It was perfectly cooked at the factory,
but it was a good illustration of the con-
venience of having Grape-Nuts about
" 'I know one dish I can prepare for
breakfast as well as any cook on earth.'
said my husband one day when the cook
was I!l and he had volunteered to help
get breakfast. He appeared with his
Isnew How to Get Part of the Break-
fast Anyhow.
HANDY HUSBAND.
dWefffflMQo2
is good for babies of all
ages; Mellin-s . Food
m^akes babies happy.
Stnd a postal for a free sample of
Mellin's Food and the Mellin's
Food Bab j iooi. ,
. Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass. .
— • — '."..",' " — ' ; "/
DISORDERS f\
"~° T ~ § '^rs .
MEN jif
BY FAR THE GREAT- *jj/
er number of patient" S» \' \£7 // " *SL'
. aecklns relief for so-called \\ \ Fft/l- //
weakness are strong, ro- \\ \JV Jim//
bu»t men In erery other re- > • . - .
¦pect. Lou of Vitality, | Prematurenesa. " eta,
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland (go-
called . neck of bladder) caused by I contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too- Ions
continued excitement. -Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing- the en-
larjted and swollen Prostate, lmmMtats results,
as Indicated -by Increased circulation and re-
newed strength, an. ¦ observed. Our colored
chart of tha organ*, which we send fre« on ap-
plication. Is interesting to any ona wishing to
study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St
6^>'^!»^>^^^s.^^^>^.^>'^>0
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ X3[. Jfh* l -"X e * t Anatomical Museum h» the \
§ iiifir World. WtikntMi or an r comracred A
0 fBSI ipsc^'ist on «l>e Coiit Est 36 years. ©
A Jejg DR. J8RDAM-DISEASES OF MEN 3
\ F&9ot CoiNultttion free »nd strictly private. \
§ I JPVi Tr«nnen» personally or by l-tter. A §
f|/"J f—Utm* Cton in rrcryeate undertaken. Y
OFJ II' > Write for Bixic. PBILUKOPaY •> A
Y M ¦ •"* ||* ¦*«B1*6E, MAILED FREE. (AT
A " (i I* valuable book for men) • . \
Y DK. JORDAN «fr VO,, 1051 ATarSetSUS. F. 9
This signature is on every box of the gcnu!a«
; Laxative Bromo-QuinineTab^ ;
tbrt remedy that cores a cold in one da*
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1902.
10
8AJT FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 72 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market 6treet corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p.m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.^___
MEETING NOTICES.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D.. F. and A. •
M., Mo-TV's Hall, will meet THIS _*%_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 j\J\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of ' ~r '
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M.— D. 8d THIS DAY. Jan. 29. at 7
p. m. By order of the W. M. 7V^\
H. FORTRIEDB. Secretary. # ~r »
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, "* A - __
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDNES- Jf\-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /w\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. *
MISSION Lodge No. 109. F. and A. ¦
M.— Called meeting THIS fWEDNES- _#¥-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TT3T
Third degree. R. E. ALLAN. See, f^r *
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F.
—Initiation THIS (WEDNES- flZSSSS
DAY) EVENING. Jan. 28, 1902.
A full attendance is requested. f/" ttw>
Visitors are cordially invited.
J. M. C. RIDDLE, N..G.
C. BRIND, Rec Secy.
THE members of Golden Gate Lodge No. 2007,
G. U of O. F.. are hereby notified that '¦ a
special meeting will be held WEDNESDAY.
January 29, 1902, at their lodgeroom, 32
O'Farrell et. to arrange for the funeral of
our deceased brother, SILAS JACKSON. By
order JOHN GRIFFIN. N. G.
A. D. JONES. P. S.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the lot owners In the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
• TUESDAY. February 4, 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. m. for the election of four trustees and
ruch business as may legally come before
them. THEO FBOLICH. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the. company. No.
229 Crocker building, city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before said meeting.
S. M. RICKEY, Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902. - - '
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the.
company in the Union Trust Company's
building corner Post Montgomery and Mar-
ket ets.. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the 2d day of February, 1902, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a'
board of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
I. W. HELL MAN JR., Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting: — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The California
£ugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market st, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year.
and the transaction of Euch other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTEp.
AGENTS wanted in every town to buy; rent or
operate slot machines; best inducements.
STAR MACHINE CO.. 2125 Mission st.
MEN wanted; experience not necessary. Call
105 Hayes Et
ASTROLOGY.
H^RbsTOPES^cast; future predicted ; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor 6t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
• €13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :qulclt:quiet;
no charge without success ; established 10 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJoh_ 3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market et, cor. ' Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachment*; mortgages :biil« of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,S19 Market
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 J_sxket st, opp. Mason.
I_ 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket fV: consultation free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES. ™
GOOD strong practical electric automobile of
local manufacture: must be sold at once;
at a bar-pain. Apply to A. E. BROOKE
RIDLEY. Parrott bldg.
¦WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
109 Sansome st
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
1-VDY with own home would like children to
board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth Ft.
BOOKS XEU T AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 194&
UUSIM-SS CUAACES.
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and rest— orant on
Fourth Et. ; rent $25; daily receipts about
$25; owner to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $300; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms; best location in the Mission; rare
chance. See R. G., WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1300; BAKERY on leading business . street
In Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2% barrels per day. Call' R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. - -
A — $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; CANDY store on Mission st; rent
$18; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
Ing business; value In sight. Call It. G.
WILKE. 26Mi Kearny Et.
A— $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland, Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and firut-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner In office
of R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $1000; HAY, grain, wood and coal yard on
Mission 6t; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — 5700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing: above $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— ?600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying: located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon,
•with 10 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years'
lease; established years; located on Mont-
gomery et.', good business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A — $350; CANDY stand on Sixth et.. close to
Market; rent $50; good business; owner other-
•wise engaged. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
RYAN & FIELD, 935 Market Bt, room 3, op-
posite Mason; phone Folsom 3022.
40 saloons A- $225 to $5000
CO restaurants and delicacies... $150 to STO0O
30 cigar stands $150.to $3000
CO candy, notion, delicacy, branch bakery,
etc; S partnerships from $100 to $1500
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy Et. rooms IS and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etores. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. *
$200 — STATIONERY and candy store, opposite
schoo'.house; value in stock; established . 5
years; rent $16 to good tenant with refer-
ences. KREDO & CO., 14 Flood building.
(400— A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
POX ALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
J. H. STANTON. real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus, chances.
IF you want to buy a business or cell go to
DECKER. 021 Market et. • .¦
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $8
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott blag.
FOR sale — Machine shop and foundry in min-
ing dletrlct; well established; capacity needs
increasing; cood reason for selling. Ad-
dres« box 3307. Call office. •
JCEWLY equipped sanitarium; central; bargain
for physician If sold at once. .T. J."MAY, 8
Flood bldg.
CONFECTIONERY business; must be sold at
onoe; reasonable rent 762 Larkin et. ¦
FOR sale — Old established grocery and saloon.
132 Eighth e t, corner Natonuw - -
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf .'specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton at
CIGAR stand for sale.- only $300; worth $500;
sickness; come investigate; no agents. 1448
Market Bt.
SMALL transient house; will take part cash.
Box 3313, Call. ' • " •'
SALOON for Bale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st. north of Market
1600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
lejo, Cal. ; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office -for Call advertisements and
•subscriptions has been established at 1026
: Valencia st .
LOUGIXG-HOUSES FOK SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 281.
16 rooms, cheap rent good location.... $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 600
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer 1650
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2200
20 rooms, snap; eee it.... 850
88 rooms, central, clears $200 3204
SO rooms, cheap rent money maker.... 1600
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
9 rooms, rent $32, good furniture. 450
17 rooms, rent $C0, good payer 900
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner 350
WANTED — Tenant for new 140-room house; all
modern conveniences; steam heat; 35 private
baths; telephone «very room;- long lease.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house In
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market Bt - .
60 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
Bee it DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850
Market ft.
TO BUY. SELL OR -EXCHANGE, ,
Call on Us
Any house sold on payments
Call and Get Our Large List
....We have houses in all parts of city....
7 rooms, bargain, easy terms. $300
68 rooms, corner, clears $400 3500
17 rooms, clears $75, only 250
19 rooms, rent $40, clears $60 450
10 rooms, swell, bargain 800
13 rooms, .very good, rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF, Phone John 531.
906 Market st. cor. Ellis, room 12.
75 ROOMS; Stockton; clears $1000 mo.— cheap.
30 rooms; nr. Hyde; cost $3600 $2800
Elegant flat; Jones st; 9 rooms 1200
21 rooms; on Eddy; housekeeping; good. 1400
7- rooms; on O'Farrell; trade for lots.. 200
16 rooms; on California: clears over $50. 1600
2 small flats; cheap rent; close in $140-$160.
2 lovely 6-room flats; elegant; cheap.
These are bargains ; we advertise nothing else.
FISHER. 935 Market st, tel. Folsom 1592.
A. CAMERON & CO.. .
850 Market Et. and 8 Stockton et
Rooms 21-22-23,' phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us. Flats from 4 to 9
rooms for $215 to $1400; lodging-houses from
6 to 10S for $225 to $12,000; boarding-houses
from 8 to 88 rooms for $S50 to $9000;
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~ •¦ . - -
17 rooms, cheap rent must sell ...$575
30 rooms, rent only $75. near Powell St.. 1400
63 rooms, corner modern building, snap. . 950
SO rooms, rent $80, reduced to 1800
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black . 1-8-0-3.
MARION GREFFEtC. 719 Market st, rms 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
RYAN & FIELD, 935 Market, room 3, opposite
Mason, phone Folsom 3022 — Fine places on
Van Ness, Golden Gate, etc.; plenty cheap,
eouth Market; houses all sizes; good list of
water front houses; 500 houses; big list;
large places.
$3S00 — 56 ROOMS; corner house; ail rented.
For Bale only by BASILS, 3 Eddy st. •
$1600—38 ROOMS en one floor; all rented. For
sale only by BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
BUYERS, If you want a lodging-house that
WILL PA"n or if you want to borrow
MONEY att 1% per cent, - call on M. E.
RIVES, 916 Market St., rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
A — BUYERS or sellers, we can suit you. H;
C. DECKER, 1020 Market st; phone Mint
796;. over 26 years in this business. • /
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A 10-ROOM house south of Market for sale,
cheap: $100 down and $10' per month.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Mrkt, nr. Call bldg.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. $225; must be
sold; cause, death; 17 rooms. 2SM Clay st.
FOR sale — 8 rooms nicely furnished; will clear
$20 per month: price $300. Inquire 131 Third.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY will discontinue the seances Sun-
day. Tuesday and Thursday nights on the ac-
count of the special readings that he is giv-
ing; all who present his ad In clairvoyant
column, this paper and date, will receive a
private reading at 25c. 1052 Ellis St., bet
Franklin and Gough.
A— -C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Frt.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; BOc. 1084 Bush Bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; readings dally,
GOo and $1; circle every night, 10c
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing: seance Wed-
nesday eve.. 8 o'clock; 50c. 825 Ellis st.
MRS. V. MELVILLE of N. Y.. materializing
seance to-night, 8 o'clock; 50c. 132 Page st,
MME. WINZALA (Mrs. Lester); fir. 8 p.m.,
10c; readings dally. 122 Taylor st., room 8.
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmist will
guide you right 15S3 Market st, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLB. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ".
A— 25C. 25C, 25C. V ~
- PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis st, bet. Franklin and Gough
Offers for. a short time only Readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
• his office and residence between the hours
of 10 a. m. and 8 p. m. dally. Sunday 10
a. m. to 3 p. m.
SCIENTIFIC AND EXPERT LIFE
....<¦/- - . READER. ,
Readings which, for DETAIL, exactness
truth, interest manifested In each individual
case, sound advice and counsel. are ¦ not
equaled in this city at any figure. PROF
BROCKWAY tells you what you .want to
know, eliminating all uninteresting features
and not tiring you with matters entirely
irrelevant to the case in. hand, as has been
the case In readings you have had in the
past. ¦. .
PROF. BROCKWAY reads your PAST
PRESENT, and FUTURE.
25c. 25c, 25c... \''>A^
KNOW THY FUTURE . '< ¦ - ¦ "
• And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites' the separated, tells 'whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or Influence any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
• dally; 10 to 5 Sundays./- Reception rooms, 13,
14, first floor, 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner, bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present, hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In . the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
lovp or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you; will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with epeclal terms. '. Dally and\ Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p; m. -. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. ¦— i
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double. veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings ;ladiesSOc.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. slf $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. BISHOP. .'¦ ¦
Clairvoyant and Trance Medium.
Readings dally, SOc and - up
807. Van. Ness. Phone Larkin 2746.^
KNOW your future: card and palm reading; la-
dies. 25c; gents. 50c. 289 Fell.
MRS. BROWN, ¦ clairvoyant, . card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents COc; readings dally.' 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna stymy 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 60c.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 6th; German 8poken;teLJessis 1663.
CLAmVOYAllfTS--Contlnned. _¦_•_''
A— MISS M. WILLB, 826A Ellis: clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly. without
ques.; full 'names; 00c-$l; 10 a-m. to 8 p. m.
60c.. $1— Prof. Weller; clalr.; palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. ; 1007 3j ' Mkt
MRS.' B. Baumann, well-known fortune • teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. .RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 F6urth st
CARPET BEATING AND . CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with 1 , poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating (Works— Cleaning,
<3o renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable: 1703 Harrison et ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor. 016 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body -of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
— __. DENTISTS. . :.-..-;'
A— DrTtTsThIGGINS, 827 MarkeTst.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $6 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 upJ < . .
Painless extraction. .
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It
BIGHT prizes for best crowns, jjlates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice, free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell et ,
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood blfig., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays;
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fillings, 50c;
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns; $3; fillings, 60c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ____•
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext. SOc: plates $5 up: phone Polk, 1185.
POGSPECIALIST.^^^
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
906 Jones st., where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kat° 20S5.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
' Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
"FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. . '
HEALD'S SCH^oIl^O^ELEC^RICAL ENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; day and night 24 Poet St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ,
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic; penmanship.
' spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; -
' all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and' night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50 ; y catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical -agency, securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864.' Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. .305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkepeing and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st ¦
PIANO and vocal school ; thorough and suc-
cessful instruction: expert teachers. 1017
Sutter st; C. HOFFMAN, director.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 .Maaon St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, 'grammar, writing;
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH, French, etc .Prof . De. Filippe' sAcademy
of Languages,320Post:estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally
MISS M. G. BARRETT; 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1003 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
* Pitman- shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— P ARLINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class., 424 Pine st. •
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post "st, S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
A — JAPANESE reliable hoUse-cleaningrcooks""&
-waiters furnished at short notice. GEO ¦ Kl-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; -cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI ; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence- Office — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. |
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT WAJfTED^-PEMALE.
A YOUNG girl wants situation to do second
work and take care of children. 27 Isis st,.
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, Harrison and
Folsom. .
COOK wishes situation in American - family;
understands her work thoroughly; references i
Box 3440, Call office. • . - . .
STOUT young woman with experience wishes
hand rubbing to ladies or invalids only; rea-
sonable charges. Address or call S34^ 10th.
AN experienced woman would like a , place ¦ to
assist In housework or do chamberwork.- Box
3310, Call office. ,,
COMPETENT, woman wishes position to do
general housework: wages $20 to $25. Apply
515 Ninth st, Oakland. ¦¦../-..
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a light place;
. speaks no English. Apply 3252 Mission st.
SWEDISH woman wants some laundry work
in hotel or Institution. 1013 De Haro st.
WANTED— Work by • the day.. A.W. -2256
Pacific ave., Alameda. ¦ .' ./.',---
MIDDLE-AGED American woman - wishes a
place to keep house for one or two children.
Call between 6 and 8 p. m., 118 Sixth st
room 63.. . . ' " .. ":¦ • '
DRESSMAKER wants furnished room In ex-
y-teAUU^T-?--- Addresa B - C-ll;branch.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, desires situation
r private family. , : MISS : DILLON, 31C ; Sutter.
GOOD dressmaker wishes a few; more engage-
ments, $1 25 day. Box 3426. Call .office. : .
RELIABLE woman wishes position ' in refined
family; capable of taking, charge' of house-
hold, upstairs work and companion ; - flrst-
class references.'. 1S23- Mission st. -
A TAILORESS desires position with tailor to
. learn vest making. Address E. L.. Call office.
. Alameda. . . . .. : -\
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes, a situation as
general houseworker. 149% Silver st. .,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Thlrd'st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
; to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 F__-_-^
WAITED— MALE.
ADVERTISER, age 27, wants* executive .' or
clerical position;. 10 years' business • and edi-
.torlal- experience with one house In London
and. New York;, highest possible references
from New York bankers and prominent busi-
ness houses; paper ; trade / or" publishing pre-
ferred.: Box 3306. Call office. : ¦ ' '-. '"' ¦'
FRENCHMAN and wife without children, '¦ he
having some experience as night watchman,
desire positions in-, hotel, lodging-house or
any other business; can read and write Eng-
- Hsh, French and Italian. Box 8422, . Call. \
A YOUNG man desirous of obtaining a position
as ¦ assistant bookkeeper, timekeeper or any
v thing in the line of oflce work; best of ref er-
ences. Box 3312. Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged man wants a situ-
ation as a good plain gardener; is handy with
tools, good on horses and good driver. H.
B., 613- Montgomery 6t - "' . '¦ . ...
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment where
work is not heavy;' some experience taking
care of invalids. Box 3309, Call office.
BAKER, young German, - 2 • years' experience,
wants position. Bqx 8308, Call offloe. . ....•-
WANTED — Employment as gardener by Swede
who has followed this occupation in Sweden
-for 12 years and 2 years In Cleveland, O. ;
with good recommendations. Address JOHN
. HARRISON, 129 Third st. r
MIDDLE-AGED man. German; sober and ex-
perienced In any kind of orchard or- vine-
yard work, would like to take care of orchard
or .vineyard. Address A. F. B.; care John
Brown. 22 Sacramento st. •-';•.
BY general office man; large experience rail-
way and ¦ steamship comsanles; 14 years on
west coast South America; speaks axid .writes
Spanish fluently; expert penman. Box 2552,
Call office. :,•-¦¦
JAPANESE student, gentle and honest wants
position as schoolboy In small family; can
speak good 'English. Address K. K., 615
O'Farrell at. -
YOUNG man, speaks several languages, good
pianist wants work, city or country. ,Box
8410, Call office. , :
RELIABLE young man wishes 'position in a
wholesale house ;¦ speaks and writes Spanish.
Box 3471; Call office: . ..---.. - ;. ¦:
YOUNG man, good penman and salesman,
. wlshea . employment at anything. Box 3301,
. Call office. ¦-. -. . jt . ¦ ¦
YOUNG man, German, Wants work; anything;
. does not ;' speak much' English. Please ad-
dreBS box 8417, Call office. .
JAPANESE, ' flrst-class ¦ laundry and ironing,
¦wants situation, city or country. Box 3403,
Call office. . ..
SITUATION wanted by a young "man 26. G.
CLARKE,. 138 A Fourth st. ...
MAN familiar with the city will drive and care
. for one or two horses. Box 2292. Call.
YOUNG man, 24, seeks fcmployment; .honest
¦ and not afraid of work. ¦ Box ,3402, Call,
JAPANESE wants situation ' as second cook
or assistant baker In country. ' Box 3476, Call.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed- and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, .320. Post st : -. \
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks , and bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks and' bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
.__ FISHERY STOCK- -
THE Inter State Fisheries Company was incor-
porated under the laws of the State of Wash-
ington, with the main office at Seattle, for
the purpose of establishing two canneries,
one in Cholmondeley Sound, Southern Alaska,
and one at Henrys Island, Puget Sound.
The capital stockof this company Is $650,-
000. divided Into 650,000 shares of the par
value of $1 each. The stock is non-assessa-
ble. We are negotiating for our machinery
* and our boats are already built. We have
placed 300,000 shares of our stock At Seattle
and vicinity; .. We have decided to place a
email quantity of the stock on -the market
here in San Francisco at 15o per share. It
will be worth $1 as soon as the canneries
are in operation. Some salmon canneries
stock sells naw for $168 per share; None less
than par in any cannery in actual operation.
Join now and get in on the ground floor.
Call or address ERWIN & CO., room 3, 1101
Market st., San Francisco, Cal..
No mining — no oil — a.\ straight proposition.
YOU KNOW there are PLENTY of salmon In
the Alaskan waters. We know that we will
catch and CAN them by July 1. We know
that we will make a large profit on our In-
vestment. You can make some of it. The In-
ter State Fisheries Company stock, now 15c
per share, non-assessable, will be 25c Febru-
ary 1, 50c March 1 and none for sale April 1.
One hundred and fifty dollars invested now
will be worth $1200 before the season's ruu
Is over. -Fifteen cents per share till February
1. " The ' Inter State Fisheries ' Company of
Seattle. See about It. ERWIN, & CO., room
3. 1104 Market st.
On proven . grcund. Everybody knows
that the Alaskan waters are the natural ele-
ments of the ' salmon. . Salmon larger than
have ever been seen In the southern waters,
finer than the famous Columbia River chlnook.
Is the king salmon of Alaska. We will have at
least one cannery in operation by June 15, 1902.
• No mining — no oil — but flsh, and the KING
of flsh. Is what the Inter State Salmon Fish-
eries Company proposes to catch and CAN.
• Do you want to participate in Its profits?
You " can buy a few • shares now at 15c per
share. 1 You can turn $15 into $100 before the
season's run is over. by investing, In the Inter
State Fisheries Company of Seattle. Two
cannery sites in Alaska. Call and investi-
gate. ERWIN & CO., room 3, 1104 Market
street.
A safe Investment if you buy Inter State
Fisheiies stock at 15c. It will be worth par
by July 1. Branch office, ERWIN & CO.,
Room 3, 1104 Market st, San Francisco, Cal.
Phone Folsom 442.
FLATS ,TO LET.
A— NEW 5 and 6 and 8 rooms; low rent. Nos.-
509-525 Frederick st. -. near Stanyan.
FOURTEENTH, 132— Nice furnished flat 4
rooms, bath; rent $25. -. .
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath.
975 Golden Gate ave. ; no children. :
O'FARRELL, 5S9-^Flat 4 furnished rooms, gas
- and bath, $28. ., - . -, ,. •- :
MODERN upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; large
yard and basement. 835 Fulton st. -, ,- - ; ; .
SWELL, brand ' new,', facing park, C rooms;
porcelain -baths. Sixth ave.. near Fulton st.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
GROVE, 721 %— Upper flat 5 rooms, nicely fur-'
nished, complete for housekeeping, with piano.
.FLATS WANTED...
6 OR 6 rooms; strictly, modern furnished; nice
location; 3 In family; no children; references.
Box 3425, Call., . .
FOR SALE.
5150; -CARPETS, curtains, stove, T~bedroorn
y 6et," with rent free to February 21; splendid
4-room flat.- 776 Geary st"
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR Sale— Good furniture, cheap, at 1811%
Powell st; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays hfghest
¦ price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAMTED— FEMALE. "_1; "-'.;
MRS] M. E. DAY & CO.^T."?Phone"Main V lB75
- Hotel Department ... ..'.'.*. . . . . .
2 ' waitresses, south. $25. fare paid ; 2 wait-"
• resses, commercial- hotels; $25, fare paid; -2
waitresses, near city, $20; 15 other waitresses,
city and country hotels, $20 and $25; 2 more
. chambermaids, south, $20, .half fare paid; 3
chambermaids to "wait, $20. .
.'.... Family Department .......... . . ,
Cook, $30; second girl, $25; cook and second,
German' family, $50;. houseglrl/ San Rafael,
- $25; housegirl, Los Gatos, $25, eee lady here;
houseglrl, 3 in family, on ranch, '- tare, paid,
$20. -MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary St.
"WANTED— 4 cooks, little wash. $25. $30;
housework, San Rafael, $30; housework; Los
: Gatos, $25; head waitress, $25,' country;
waitress, country . hotel, ¦ • $20;"; restaurant
¦waitress, $8 week; "chamberwork and sew-
ing, San Mateo.- $20; • German nursegirl.- $20;
waitress for institution, i $20; ' cook ; and - sec-
ond .girl, same; houpe, . $25, $20; governess,
$25; 46 girls for all kinds of housework, $20,
$25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &; CO.,
- 334 Sutter Bt, ¦ •»'. ,./ ,f ••>•.
OPERATORS , at Lev! r Strauss &'Co.'g Overail
Factory, 32% Fremont- st. ; i no experience nec-
essary ; ¦ good ; pay ; * steady - work; ; - , Apply n to
¦ . • MR. DAVIS. . . -' .
GERMAN Vor.-; Scandinavian' young;' girl for
downstairs work ; plain cooking; small ; t am- ,
-ily; plain washing; wages : $25-$30. . 2520
• Vallejo ' st. — -^' - • /''¦;¦' ,'v : ¦¦>~S]
RELIABLK woman for general ' housework ; : 2
i' 1 ?; ; family;- wages $15. ; Apply -126 Kearny
st.-, j room 48." • ;• : ¦ • ••;¦¦:¦¦->¦ -. --.-. ¦;
EXPERIENCED , waitress ; ', also ' _irl , to learn. ;
-,.725 Market st "v.-i ¦ . v ,t.:.; ,;.,='". .. . \ ..-¦;-.
A 1 GOOD plain cook; steady place.". Call Dewey
House. : 47 ; Steuart st. .', : • ; ..-.>; -...J
A NEAT girl to assist in housework.- 843 Cas-
.tro ¦*.;¦".•.- /,; . ..- ¦ ri x-t
HELP WANTED— PEBIALE— -Con.
A— WANTED — Girls and women at S. F. Halr-
. dressing ; College to . learn hairdresslng ' trade
- - thoroughly in 2 weeks ; . course $5, including
, : manicuring, massage, scalp treatment bleach-
.V. 1 : ing, , dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
' uate; do fake promises; our pupilsare our llv-
- ing advertisement filling positions in stores all
over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
; those entering immediately; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F.~ COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply, at Chutes
at 6 o'clock ; this evening. • , . .
APPRENTICE In millinery store" at 692 Mc-
Alllster st ;' first-class teaching.
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework.
2041 Pine st ' - -..--¦... / .
GIRL for shooting gallery. Inquire 623 Pacific
• street" :..',; ¦¦ - - - •¦ . -.,---¦ .
¦ WANTED — A good cook and to do downstairs
' ' work. Call In the morning at 1601 Post st.
EXPERIENCED waitresses wanted. 20 Third
street" . .' . ,-. .. . .. ¦. \ ..
WANTED — A good dressmaker; . also appren-
tice, at 120% Hayes st. ; .
GOOD paying proposition for right woman, who
can. sell goods.' to go to Butte County, some
money required. Box 3400, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED finisher; also operator on
coats. 344 Tehama st. '.-''¦-•
APPRENTICE girls on custom coats; paid
while learning. v 1020B Folsom ¦t. i 3j_V5dl
NURSEGIRL; wages $10. 117A Bartlett St.
TRUSTWORTHY ¦ woman to do general house-
- work, ' washing included; a good home; $10
a month. Call or address 1234 Regent st,
Alameda. , :
EXPERIENCED silk vaist hands; good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 820 Market st.
A GERMAN woman as - governess ; state re-
ligion ; salary $30. Box '2994, Call. —
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at I09tf
Valencia st. r_
KELP WANTED MALE.'
MURRAY & READY .... .5848 Main Phone
..Leading Employment . and Labor Agents..
634-036 Clay Street
• •..'....¦ Office open 7 a. m
Choreman and wife, ranch, $45 and found;
man and wife for fruit farm, easy job, $40
and, found; 5 carpenters for mine company,
¦- long ' Job : butter maker and milker, see boss
here, $35; 2 stablemen; 15 farmers; 3 pruners;
3 ' milkers ; choreman for doctor's residence,
$15; 75 woodchoppers, 75c to $2 50 cord; tie-
makers, 10c to 16c each; 5 laborers, near
city.
Cake baker, ¦ country shop, $45 and found ;
3 cooks, 5 waiters, 11 kitchen hands; butcher
for ranch.
MURRAY & READY. . . .634-636 Clay st
A— FOREMAN for large sheep ranch with ex-
perience and references; blacksmith with
$350, to buy A No. 1 country shop; man who
understands cement finishing; gardener for
, country, $25 and found; redwood tie and post
makers; driver for milk wagon, $30 and
found; coopers, slack 'work, $35 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
CUT-OFF sawyer, $2 25 day; blacksmith, $2 50
day; milker and butter maker, $30 and found;
milk wagon driver, $30 and found; orchard
pruner, $25 and found: gardener. $35 and
found; man about place/ $30 and found:
cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. — Head wait-
er, must bring references, $45; night waiter
and take charge of plate, $60; cook and help-
er, country boarding-house, $55; second cook,
$70; laundry man, country hotel, $40, fare ad-
vanced, etc. " ¦-.- -
A MAN and wife, as cook and butler,' small
family, $55. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. * > .
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $55; barman, $10. T
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
etc. — A free scholarship In engineering will
be awarded to a few well recommended appli-
cants. American School of Correspondence,
Boston, Mass. .
BIGGEST bonanza on the market; $10 to $25
per week easily earned; no experience neces-
sary; $1 80 starts you in business; it will pay
you to investigate. New York Novelty Co.,
993 Market st., room 1.
BARBER shop; city or country; must be well
located and run not less than 3 chairs; will
pay from §500 to $1000 cash; must stand
investigation. Call to D. STOLTZ,
Barber Supply House, 723 Market st
WANTED — A temperate young ¦ man -with
$150 as partner In old established business
requiring i two; pays about $70 per month.
765 Market st, room 3. •
WANTED — Two messenger boys;' apply In own
handwriting, state age and give references.
P. O. box 204S. 1 _
BARBER shop; country; lively mining town;
can be had cheap; trial given if desired.
STOLTZ. Barber. Supply House, 723 Market
BARBER, flrst-class. wants Job; man with
family. Box 3466, Call office.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at 625 Com-
mercial st
YOUNG experienced plumber's helper wanted.
• 623 Golden Gate ave.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BOY wanted; must live with ! his parents,
BACIGALUPI, 933 Market st.
MILK wagon driver wanted, $40 per mo. and
found; Scandinavian preferred. Call 145 Noe.
WANTED — At 630 Market st. State and U. S.
volunteer soldiers; bring discharges. HOWE.
BOY wanted to learn photographic printing.
737 Sutter st *
BOOTBLACK wanted at 133S Market St.. oppO-
site Seventh, barber shop.
DISHWASHER at 17 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chair barber shop on- Ellis st.
¦ -for sale.r DECKELJ1AN BROS., 10G Ellis st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied; unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
.-less tban 5 feet 4 inches and »ot over 6 feet 1
. inch ; able to speak and read ¦ English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. , 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. (
WANTED^ — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
- Oregon; must be* familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
. 2279. Call office. - . . ¦ -,
WANTED — Soldiers who enlisted In U. S. Vols,
to apply for two months' extra pay, due' un-
der a decision of the U. : S. Court of Claims.
OHAS. and WM. B. KING,
344 Phelan building.
WANTED — An electrician . who has worked
around an Ice machine; must be willing to
• fire boiler and do porter work. . Address box
3408, Call office. . ¦
WANTED — Errand boy, about 14 years of age,
. by large hardware house; no cigarette smok-
.. ers need apply. .Box. 3407. -Call office. ;
WANTED— By a produce commission house, a
boy stenographer, 16 to 20 years of age; sal-
ary $25. to start ..Box 3429, Call office. \
FOR sale — 3-chalr barber shop and baths. Box
. 3411. Call of flee.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap. Box 2396, Call
office, Oakland.
FOR sale — Barber shop; sickness cause of sale-
¦ price $25. 1547 Mission St.
WANTED — Honest man with $250 cash; duties
• tend cash : counter in restaurant ; no experi-
ence; $50 month, BROWN, 1221 Market Bt
BIG snap — Fine opening for man and wife with
$190; restaurant; receipts • $10 day; livlns
BROWN, 1221 Market st , .
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
. LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED-^Laborers and mechanics to know
-¦that Ed Rolkln, : Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. -^217 Third st ; 150'largo
.rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week, -vj
600 MEN. to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe-
COc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 6th!
McDONALD & \ PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale, : BOc up. : , 241 Third st. . *..'.,
YOUNG men to learn barber trade ; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College.' 741A Howard.
WANTED— Men to learn barber.' trade; eight
. ' weeks; ¦. tools donated; situation guaranteed-
. catalogue mailed free; . discount '¦ this month.
¦ Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
PENSION ' atty., E. A. s Bullis, 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.'G.A.R.
SAILORS,' ordinary, for ships for all 'parts of
..the world.-: HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
GET I your ; shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
. to COc. S63 Mission st.;-bet; let and 2a sis.
ALL size • men's '. shoes, : slightly • damaged, . half
'.-..¦-, prjee. -. 563 Mission st; bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
' ket — 200 , rooms, ; 25c . night; reading rooms-
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
/received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HYGIENIC ' ; HAIR TBEATMKXT.
LADIES and : gentlemen, ¦ this • interests "• you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND
xoora 39, 133 Post Bt./ Liebes bulldln.. -
HORSES AJTD WAGONS.
FOR SALE^ — On account of departure of own-
er a fine saddle horse of good stock; very
gentle; splendid for cross-country riding;
good Jumper; also well broken to the har-
ness; $200; principals only. Box 3305, Call.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horss
Market 827 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness' etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. .- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ¦
AUCTION sale, Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
heavy wagon and livery horses at 11:30
a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 and 72*
Howard, st-
FOR Sale — 2 saddle horses; Just from the coun-
try; well broke; gentle; good single-footers.
Address 977 Seventh ave., East Oakland.
SANTA • ROSA ' sale and stock yard; horses,
harness and buggies bought and sold. 14W>
Market st. cor. Eleventh. Phone 3outh 864.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st 6
cheap work horses. 4 sound horses, weight
1200; fine surrey horses.
GRAY horse. $50: horse. $20: coal wagon. $40;
harness, $6; cart. $7 50. 79 City Hall ave.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 100 Sansome st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. . PALZIfiL. «05 O- G - *"••
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single : also light
camping waron for ml", rh^an. »2 Mlylon.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN Sc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 1228 Green St.; rent $25. s
BROADWAY. 1030. near Laguna— Eight rooms.
bath: fine marine view; rent $42 50.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
SACRAMENTO, 3712— Nicely furnished sunny
house of 8 rooms; bain. Call 10 to 12 a. m.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW modem house, 7 rooms; sun all day:
large 'basement yard. Portola. off Waller.
bet. Pierce »rfd Pteiner. Inquire 63 Portola.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Saturday, January 11, 1902, certificate
No. 11 of the Gray Wing Mining Co.; trans-
fer of the same hai been stopped. Return to
Call office. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST — From Central ave.. near Halght st,
black cocker spaniel do.? with bald spot on
head ; reward. - California Fuse Works, 418
- California st. room. 41.
LOST — A yawl boat from scow Fairfield at
Oakland Long Wharf; green bottom, lead
color inside, green outside. Liberal reward
at 107 Steuart et. V
LOST — On 'Market st, a fishing basket and
¦ camera. Return to United Carriage Co., Pal-
ace Hotel, ' and receive a liberal reward.
j LOST — A brown water spaniel. Finder will be
liberally rewarded If returned to DR.
SHORT, room 101. Phelan bldg. -¦ -
: ON Grant ave. — Ladles' silver watch; R. F.
on back. Box 3424, Call. ; H ;
LOST — Imitation gold I purse near Waller and
Shrader Sunday; valued as a keepsake only.
Liberal reward on return to 722 G. G. ave.
LOST-vSunday, on Sutter st. or ferry, sliver
brush marked S. J. T. ; also silver watch and
i chain. 2118 Stelner st; liberal reward.
LOST — January 19. a brindle bull bitch named
Queen. -Return to 1244 Ellis; liberal reward.
LOST — From Van Ness and California, fox
terrier dog; left side of face and ear black.
E. W. JOY, 433 Kearny st: reward.
IT will pay to J "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to maki- new watch caaas.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
' MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush. 421.
• MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; tXs most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my mediceU treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; ieJef to the longest cases-
all private diseases In both sex tre_ted; blood
diseases cured, . 10 to 30 days. DR. G. W.
O'CONNELL, 1018 Market Bt, opp. Fifth.
MEN — Why be weak,. when you can be strong?
Dr. De Ford's Regenerator cures when all
others fail. Price 50c, 6 for $2 50, by mail;
a guaranteed cure. DR. FORD'S REM-
EDY CO.. 136 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement ;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farreli st
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate aver
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office, 122S Market st. ; SO years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25 '
years' successful- experience in S. F. Ma- i
ternlty Home, 906 Market st. opj>. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original i
method of treatment; maternity home; borne
in confinement. 1126 Market st, S. F. . -
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during i
confinement ; best medical care; loir fees.
MRS. DAVIS, ladles" specialist, returned from
New York; maternity home; low fees; best
medical care. 13S2 Market st . ,
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs. .
JIISCELLASEOC9— FOIt 8AL_.
BOILERS, engines; 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
j INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
3 H.-P. SCHILLING gasoline engine. .....$100
4 h.-p. automobile gasoline engine . .. 125
6 h.-p. boiler and engine.... 100 :
6 h.-p. marine steam outfit 150
8 h.-p. gasoline engine complete ........ 200 I
SO h.-p. boiler and engine 250
8 h.-p. steam boiler 50
All second hand. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission,
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st , ¦
BAR* fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
BrucsTvick-Balke-Coliender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE 'suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery at
A PEARL, inlaid guitar, hiph grade. $13.
HARRIS' Loan. Of flee. 105 Stockton st
CURIO for Bale; valuable stone god. For par-
. tlculars address box 3413, Call office.
FOR sale — Icebox; cost $30; sell $10. 100 Mis-
sion . st. ' .- ¦ ;^^ - -
ATLAS — New copy Century Atlas for sale
cheap. F. M. DE WITT. 818 Post st
A CONN silver icornet. $30. HARRIS' Loan
Office. 105 Stocikton st.
Wallpaper 3e; -worth 10c : paper-hanging, palnt-
1 Ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; teL Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d' hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER; 110 Montg*y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTIiTD — Five square ' pianos, good for
; schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post at.'"- : •
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
, lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DO A IC. 396 Mission at!
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery*
J. BURKE. 139 Bealest., • '
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HPT*
MAN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-band modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. KroghMfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson?
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers- oak-
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth!
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movine nic-
tures. -- BULLARP & BRECK. 131 p o ,t 3 t.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand lathe, in good orriVr
with • chuck. ¦ face plate and tools^Addresl!
stating - price. JAMES McCLATCHY CO
CO.. Sacramento. Cal. -^To-TV- '
WILL pay cash and good .prices for old seal-
skins. Addresa at once, box 1205, Call office'
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing .nH
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st? "el. JeVsi" 2.^1
MINING AND ASSAYING. -
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Cem*n\i
' dated Gold Mining Cbm^SyMt-
vada County. -15 miles north of Auburn- 2
.patented claims. 8-stamp quartz mill ?Hch
and hoisting works; reasons for seUlni non-
experience of mining by owners-- mhS.^
MINES AND MIXING.
WASHINGTON MINES ARB GOOD MINE8^
WASHINGTON MINES ARE GOOD MINES.
WASHINGTON MINES ARE GOOD MINES.
Washington mines will make mo— » money
for shareholders than any others in the West
because of:
Fact 1 — Th» v eres carry high values la Cop-
per, Gold laud Silver.
Fact 2 — The presence on the properties of all
the auxiliaries to successful mining
— timber, water, coal, coke and lime.
Fact 3 — Power for'runningr machinery costs
nothing. Within a year it is said
electric railroads will bo operated
in the Carbon River district by water
_ power.'
Fact 4— Proximity to the seaboard (Copper
King mines are only 45 miles from
the sea at Tacoma) means low
freight expense and correspondingly
larger profits, in addition to the
markets of the world being open to
the mine owner after his stuff is
. aboard ship.
Fact 5— More money is being expended on
Washington mines than on others,
and therefore greater accomplish-
ments are possible. Mining and
allied industries are making tre-
mendous strides in Washington.
Puget Sound beckons to capital, and
capital readily responds. Success Is
sure to attend a company with good
properties, well managed.
3S5 SSS 1 * 211 KING MINING SYNDICATE
THE COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE
THE COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE
Has a magnificent group of 65 claims In tha
carbon River district. Just north of Mount
Rainier, in which district mine values have
more than doubled during the past year. The
silver content of the ore will alone pay for
working leaving as a profit the value of Jthe
gold and copper, ranging from $12 to $18 per
ton! ' ¦» 80md ln3Unces » *3° *-<* OTer J* r
¦*• SMELTING PROPOSITION.
A i^UHP 0 PROPOSITION.
A SMELTING PROPOSITION.
The values known to exist in the ores of th»
various mines of the Carbon River district
lead the various companies to plan a big
smelter at Montezuma. the new town where
big coal mines are just opened and coking
ovens installed. The central location of the
proposed smelter will make it easy of access
and will enable the mines to handle their ores
at small expense.
CALIFORNIA MEN BUY WASHINGTON
. MINES.
CALIFORNIA MEN BUY WASHINGTON
MINES.
CALIFORNIA MEN BUY WASHINGTON
MIXES.
The "Blue Star Group" In the Carbon Rlvsr
district has recently been bonded by California
men. one of whom alone has ample means to
develop the property. The gentleman referred
to is one of California's most successful opera-
tors and has amassed a fortune In mines.
The Montesuma Mining Company's "Chicago
Group" and the Washington Co-operative Min-
ing Syndicate's great "Surprise Group" are
in the same district and border on the Copper
King's properties.
"COPPER KING" WILL SOON ADVANCE.
"COPPER KING" WILL SOON ADVANCE.
"COPPER KING" WILL SOON ADVANCE.
Shares (par value $1) are now selling at 6c
cash or 6c on Installments. ! These prices will
soon be advanced — perhaps without notice. Our
largest sales are i made to men acquainted with
the district. As an honest speculation these
shares stand head and shoulders above any-
thing else on the market The reader will find
it worth his while to ask for prospectus and
maps or call at our office for inspection of the
ores.
"r'tri ; REMOVAL NOTICE. * «
February 1 we shall occupy our new offices
in the Hayward building, corner California and
Montgomery sts. Until then address us as
below.
THE AMERICAN GTJARANOT AND TRUST
COMPANY.X
328 Montgomery st. jjan Francisco.
I HAVE one of the finest mining layouts In
Nevada County and wish to secure a few
partners or a partner to build a ten-stamp
mill; have SO, 000 tons of $8 ore in sight;
own free water right, air compressor and
drill, and have tunnel run 880 feet, with 217
feet drift in solid ore; vein 3% to 6 feet:
this will bear the closest investigation. Call
at room 406, annex to Call bolldln*. fourth
floor. San Francisco.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F. : branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MO>iI^y^TOjLOAX. ~
HE^MAjTliuJRPHyr^oT^xamlner" bulidlng"
$4,600,000 at lowest rates I
...... on first and second mortgages ......
» Life interests In estates ........
........ Property being held in trust .....
.... Undivided interests in real estate ....
. ..Life insurance policies, estates In pro bats..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) — , .
$300,000 at 6% & 6 per cent in sums'to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red B024. MAN.
H ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. "
First, second and third mortgages. .........
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere)
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3 ........
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities. ' manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests corporation loans Room 18
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OL3EN.
ANY amount lowest rate, on furniture; piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st. op-
posite Lick House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant are., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to- obtain
¦ liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market rt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1S63;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
' Office, 0 Grant av.. nr. Mkt: tel. Black 5471.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. . Room 3.' Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; n»
comml?. ;confldentlal. Whltehead. 1710 Market.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1COO; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture "and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
.•¦¦ buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome it.
ON salaries without lndorser; other proposl-
tlons. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser: Eastern
plan. ' Western Loan Co.. 309 Pbelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WILL pay $25 for the? use of $100 for one
' month; good security. Box 3311, Call office."
WANT to borrow $5000 from private party;
good interest. Box 3415, Call office.
ALL makes: rent $2 up, credited if purchased;
Installments $3 up; old pianos bought and
exchanged; bargains $23 up In Stela-way
. Heine. Chickering. etc. ; agents wanted for
Krell, Heine, Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes: we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary at. .
AGAIN we remind yon that our piano stock.
* both new and second-band. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellabl«
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stein way 1 dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Piano*.
LESTER Pianos."
HAMILTON Pianos. —
EPEILMANN Pianos.
CECIUAN PIANO I-ATEB.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310^312 Port rt.
ATTENT1ON BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianos from $175 .up. BENJ CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerinff. Mason
, & Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. ¦
A upright piano, $S5; stx-octa-»
Mason & Hamlln organ. $33; Stetnwsy
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameroa
upright used only few months. $273; Beeh-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 Fifth it: IYERS * FOND, AxinU.TUESDAY.: Jan. ' 28— 2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. "
: " ' Bid. Ask. ¦"•':¦" : : - Bid. Ask.
4s qr^ coup. .111 > 113 - 4s qr c (new)139% — >
4s'qr reg....lll%112i4 3s qr coup. .109
STOCK ¦ AND BOND EXCHANGE.
'.' There "was a brisk business in bonds on the
afternoon session, 'but stocks 'were quiet,' and
not materially changed. s
The Washington Petroleum Company has
levied 'an assessment of l%c, delinquent Feb
ruary 22 sale day March 15. . .
¦¦' The Central Oil '.' Company has declared a
dividend .' of ' 25c per share, payable . on Febru
ary 1 - The last dividend was 37%c per share,
in April. 19,01: ?-¦¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ •
* — ~~~:, ~ ~ — — "~ — ~ *
, There was a fair ,demand for local stocks
and bonds on the morning session, with -not
much fluctuatiqn. , Giant Powder continued un
settled and sold . higher j at $76 50@76. Hutch
inson Sugar/was also • firmer '. at $14. . There
were sales of : Calif ornla" Safe Deposit at $114
and of Alaska' Packers 'at $16O@160 25.' -'The
oil stocks were dull ¦ and unchanged. _. -
STOCK MARKET.
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 6O0 more;
50-lb bags,. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 70 barrels or its equivalent. . Dominos,
half-barrels, "5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb. -
LUMBER — Retail ¦:, prices • are as follows :
Pine,, ordinary sizes, $18@19 E0; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood. $19@20; Lath, 4' feet, ?3 00®
4; Pickets, $19; Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 75
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic, $25@31. ¦
Receipts of Produce.
FOB TUESDAY, JANUARY 28.
Flour qr sks. . . .19,540 Hay, tons ....... 241
Wheat, ctls 68,117 Straw, ton .... l
Barley, ctls .... 1,450 Wool, sks ..:.. " 7
Oats, ctls ....... 660 Wine, gals I 44,80<»
Corn, ctls 3,120 j Brandy, gals . . . 3,700
Feed, sks ; 30 Leather, rolls : . . 07
Alfalfa Seed, sks 1 30 Hides, No 457
Beans,' ska .....1 1,105 Pelts; bdla '..... 19
Potatoes, eks... 1,175 Sugar, ctls ..:;. 2,529
Bran. Bks ....... 735 Tallow, ctls .... 212
Middlings, sks... 281 Lime, bbls ..... 182
Onions, sks 96 Quicksilver, risks : 52
«., : AUSTRALIA. .
Onions, ctls .... 600 .; ..-' ..". -:¦%*
Continued From Page Eight.'
COMMERCIAL NEWS
CRAB. ORCHARD, Nebr.. Jan. 28.— The
main part. of Crab Orchard was destroyed last
night by .fire, the origin of which ha3 not been
determined. The : 1083 ; Is estimated at from
$30,000 to $50,000.
¦ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A WCo — . — Oceanic 5s... — 102^5
Bay.CPC 5s. 109 Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s.... 116% — Pac G Im*4s. 00. 100^4
S C Wat 5s. — — Pk&CH 63.103. —
EdL&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s.l20 .— Pwl-st R 6s. 110% — \
Geary-st 5s. — , — Sac EGR 5s. ,05% —
H C&S 5%s. —'.;— SF & SJV5s.l21'% —
Do 5s — 99% Sijrra Cal Cs. — —
L Ang R 5s.llO% — S P of Ar 6s . -
LA Ught 6s. — — (1909) 11114 —
Do gtd 6s. — ¦¦¦ — (1910) ....112% —
Do gtd 5s.l03%104% S P of Cal 6a
L A & P 5s.lOOV4tOl% (1905)Sr A.108V t —
Do lem, 58.101 103 (1905)Sr B.109% —
Mkt-st C 6s.l25 — . (100C) ..:.111% —
Do lem 5s. 121% — •' (1912) ....121 —
N R C 6s... Ill — . S P Cal 1st
Do 5s..... — c gntd 5sllO • —
N Pac C 5s. 107% — S P BrCal6sl37 —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V Wat 6S.113& —
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — Do 4s ..-.;103 — .
Oak Trn 6s. 121% — Do 4s3dm..l01 • — *
Do 1st c5s.lQ9%110H Stkn Gas 68.102% —
Oak W g 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS. "$ .'
Contra Costa 74% 75% I Port Costa.. 63% 66
MarinCo.... 59 — ' I Spring Val.. — I 85%
GAS AND ELECTRIC , \Y .
Cent L & P. 2% 4 Pac Light... 44% .
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&RO.20 ' « 35
Mutual ...... — AU S F G & E.; 40% —
O.G L & H. 51 — San Fran.... ;5Vi "5%
Pac Gas Imp 35% 38 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 275 f
.' BANKS. : T .".:
Anglo-Cal .. 80 81 I L P. & A 165 169
California ..417 — ! MerEx(llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. lit — is F Nationl,137% —
First Natnl. 320 350 l_. .
.', . SAVINGS/ BANKS.
German 1925 — . Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .-. — '. 1— ' | Security Sav. 305 350
.Mutual Sav. 66 . — Union Trust. — ,2200
"S FSav U.512% — I
; - . " - ¦ j STREET- RAILROADS. ? "
California... 160- 172% Market ..... 89% 00%
Geary ...:...— 60. Presidio .... 37% —
" ,' POWDER.
Giant ...... 76*4 77 | Vigorit ..... <3% 4Vi
• SUGAR. ,'¦ >
Hana ...... 2% Kllauea .... 8% —
Hawaiian . : 35 40 , Makawell . . 23Vj —
Honokaa ... 10% — -, | Onomea .... 23ft 24
Hutchinson .13% — j Paauhau V..- 10 —
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska Pack.159%161 Pac A F A. 3% —
Cal Fruit As. — 98% Pac C Bor..l65 *—
Cal Wine As. 95 100 I Par Paint. . . 18 —
Oceanic S Co — 41 I
-" Morninc 3ession.
•Board—
85 Alaska Packers' Association..... 160 00
55 Alaska Packers' , Association 160 25
¦ 10 California Fruit Canners 9«i 75 •
55 Giant Powder Con.... 76 00
15 Giant Powder Con... 76 25
S 50 Giant Powder-Con..:.. 7tf 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co....... : 14 00
175 Makawell .. i.. ..'/.... ..;.' 25 50
$1000 Market-st R R con 5s bonds 121 75 .
1 $500U N P C R R 5s bonds...: ...107 25
115 S F Gas & Electric Co. / 40 75
20 Spring Valley Water ........ 85 00
$3000 Spring Valley (is bonds.;.. .113 25
! ¦ Street — ..-•,=-. , . . '
10 California . Safe Deposit... 114 00
$3000 S F.& S J V bonds...... 123 00
: . Afternoon Session. v ¦¦:'-.
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s ;£..... 100 00
15 Giant Powder Con! ....... f . ..... 7tt 00
, : 10 Giant Powder Con...... J.....M:. 7« 12%
¦ '20 Giant Powder Con'.V-C. ...... C. 76 50 |
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds. . .; 120 00
100 Market-street Railwaj;'.^:'.';i.:.. 90 00
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bond»4;..122 00 "
$2000 N P C R R 5s bonds... V..'..' 7?.. 107 50
$4000 Oakland Transit Co es.... r ...\/.121 50
75 3 F Gas & Electric Co. . . . ;'.". .". . 40 75
$5000 S F & S J V bonds ......123 00
$3000 S V 4s bonds (3d mtge). ...... J.101 25
'.• Street—
225 Makaweli ... 25 50
$5000 N P C R R 5s bonds.' 107 25
$7000 Spring Valley 6a bonds..... .....113 25
PRODUCERS' OIL
• llornins Session.
Board — • i
500 San Joaquin OH & Dev. 7 00
; Afternoon Session.
• Board — ¦¦-'•-,
100 Four ..¦..........;. 52
' 4'Hanford 80 00
. 750 Monarch of Arizona...".. 19
250 Monarch of Arizona'.... 20
240 Reed Cruda". 37
40 Reed- Crude : ......V 35
200 Ree<J» Crude ' ; 38
500 Reed Crude, s 10....... 38
150 .Sterling . ; ...........' 1 15
' MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
-Morning Session. . ,
100 Belcher . . : . . 10 500 Potosl 11
1300 Best & Belch 13 600 Union Con... 11
500 Chollar 11 .
Afternoon 'Session. ' '
.500 Best & Belch 13 1 150 Ophlr 81
200 Confidence .. 60 ' 200 Overman ... 09
100 Crown Point. 07 300 Silver Hill... 63
150 Mexican .... 311
Following were the sales on Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
- •' Morning Session. . '
1200 Best & Belch « 13 400 Ophlr 81
1600 Best & Belch 14 300 Overman .... 08
300 Caledonia ... 22 300 Savage 05
100 Con Cal & V.I 20 200 Sierra Nev... 16.
400 Hale & Noro 28 500 Union Con... 11
200 Mexican 31
. Afternoon Session. \ "
200 Best & Belch 13i 400 Ophlr •• 82!
100 Caledonia ... 22| 200 Potosi 12'
• 500 Chollar . .~. . . Ill 200 Savage 05 !
100 Con Cal & V.I. 20 100 Silver Hill... 54
300 Mexican ..... 31 300 Union- Con... 10
200 Ophir 811 x
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
¦ •
TUESDAY. Jan. 28—4 p. m.
. Bid. Ask." ' Bid Ask.
Alpha ...... — .04 Justice:' 04 06
Alta 05 07 Kentuck '..'... 01 02
Andes ...... ' —» 01 Lady Wash.. 01 —
•Belcher ..... 07 00 Mexican .... 31 32
Best & Belch 12 13 Occidental ..07 OS
Bullion '..*..... 02 03|Ophir ;...... 81 82
1 Caledonia .-••';. , 22 24 Overman .... 08 09 J
Challenge ff.. ' 10 .12 Potosl ....... n 12
Chollar' ..".;. 10 . ' 11 Savage 05 00*
Confidence ... 59 63 Scorpion :.-.. — 04
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Seg Belcher.. 02 04
Con Imp .... 01 02 Sierra Nev.. 16 17-
ConN.Y .... — 01 Silver Hill.. 54 "55
i Crown Point. 05 - ' 06 St • Louis .-. . . 05 —
Eureka Con. .'20 . — Standard • . . .3 3S 3 SO
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate' ... 06 07
Gould & Cur. 05 00 Union Con... 10 11
; Hdle & Norc 2<S 2R Utah .02 04
; Julia ...-..•..— 04 1 Yel Jacket... 06 ' 07
THE % SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29, f 1902.
11
HEAL ESTATE CITY — VO ' R - 1L ! E -'
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. -•
038 Market Street.
SIXTH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.'
112.000— Lot 50x105 feet on Sixth St.. through
to Morris ave : 4 flats on Morris ave. ;
rent for $38 per month.
FIFTH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$4.500— Fifth st.. near Folsom; lot 2jx100 feet;
Improvements nominal; rent »lb per
month.
MAGNIFICENT SACRAMENTO-ST. FLATS.
$30,250— Six new modern up-to-date flats of
7-8 rooms and bath each; renting for
$3C0O per annum; will be finished in
15 days; tenants required to take 1
year lease; lot 51:0x132:7 feet.
DOWNTOWN MODERN FLATS.
$15.000— Three elegant flats of 7-7-7 rooms and
bath each; Bush St.. near Maeon; rent-
ing for $1740 per annum.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS MANSION.
$15,000— New modern sunny residence of 14
rooms 2 porcelain baths; inlaid floors;
magnificent reception hall; best of
mantels, etc.; marine view; choice
neighborhood; key lot. 30x10. : 6 feet.
NEW MISSION FLATS. ' £
$S,000— Three flats of 5-5-6 rooms and bath
each; now rented for $<8 per month;
will be finished In 2 weeks; on Fol-
som-st. boulevard.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
%1 000 Make offer; 2 modern flats on north side
of street; renting for $55 per month;
iighi and sunny; lot 25x137:6 feet .
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
$8 000 Two modern flats of 5-0 rooms and
bath on Belvedere st. ; renting for $630
, per annum; lot 25x121:10.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
$5,750 An elegant 8-room cottage modern and
up-to-date in every detail; key lot
27:6x100. .'. :.}^ . .
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
«4 000 — Five flats; rents $640 per annum; new
brick foundation and buildings in good
condition; near Fifth St.; lot 26x80
feet.
FINE WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$9,500 — A fine northwest corner on Franklin
street; lot 45x110:4 feet
$3,750 — Sacramento st.. near Fillmore: key
i lot, 25x132:7. t > .
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3,000— Lot on northeast corner Twenty-ninth
st. and San Jose ave.; 2 car lines;
lot 26:SMsXll7 feet. v
$2,500 — A fine lot on the north side of Waller
Bt., i near Central ave. ; 25x100. v
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
A SPECIAL BUY— FOR SALE BY ~^~
THOS. MAGEE & SONS, ~. ~-
.5 Montgomery St.
$5000— A very artistic and comfortable home
In Presidio Heights. Two stories and base-
ment, having 10 rooms and 2 baths. Built 2
years. Lower floor has reception room' and re-
ception hall, library, dining-room and kitchen.
Sideboard and china closet built in the house.
Four mantels and 4 washstands. . Heater
throughout house; electric lights and gas. This
house has space on north and south sides, there-
fore affording light, sun and air on three sides,
and light and air on one side. Artificial stone
sidewalk laid; lot 35 feet front; Sutro electric
cars 1% blocks away; cable cars on Sacramen-
to st. being changed to electric line. Permit
to inspect at our office.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. , ' -. ; .-¦•,¦
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY—- For S»le
-FOR EALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
POINT RICHMOND! — Beautiful acre lots 111
Richmond Addition; a limited number, and
the only acre lots near Richmond; prids
low; terms reasonable. See J. H. MAC-
DONALD & CO.. 1052 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR cash rent.' 10 acres, near Haywards; im-
provements first-class; would exchange for
Berkeley, Oakland or San Francisco improved
property. 2926 Sixteenth st.. S. F.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big rroney; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Kddy »t.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free list. C. R. Winfleld, Petaluma.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
RKIIICK'.KV UV_\1, r>TATK.\
A NEW modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
brick loundation, high basement; large pan- I
try and china closet; large lot; near station;
fenced and good sidewalk In front and around
house; price $1400; $200 down, balance same
as rent. Jl
HOME REALTT CO.
A GOOD 6-room cottage on a targe lot in fine
neighborhood: only 2 blocks to station; lot
alone worth $800; price $1100; easy terms.
t HOME REALTY CO.,
Open Sundays. Lorln Station.
ONLY $2000 — Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot,
on the sunny side of street; street work all
done; a. positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SON, real estate. Berkeley station.
$2000— HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
one block from station: lot 60x110; terms to
eult; Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. ENTDER, 467 Ninth St..
or branch office. Adeline station. Berkeley. :
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc: ornamental . grounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from E. F. ; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building.
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvalc Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
0FFICE—1I18 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATO.
7 NEW homes: 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrimac or Twenty-eighth et.. between Tel-
egraph ave. and Grove et. ; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
S. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. ; 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st. I
OAKLA.VD FfRXlTUIlB FOR. SALES.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H..
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPLVG.
APARTMENTS fior housekpg; handsome sunny
suites; all modern improvements; uaa, bath,
reoeption rm. ; nr. park and school; rent rea-
sonable. Et James, McAllister and Laguna.
BELL, The, 1773 Market — Sunny bay window
room, with kitchen, gis range, $15; phone.
CLARA. 152^ — S unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent cheap.-. ,
ELIZABETH, 2, oft San Jose ave.— 2 sunny un-
furnished front rooms for light housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping; 2 par-
lors. kitchen, bath. $20; also single. $4 up.
LEAVKNWORTH, 1521 — 2 large rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs.
MARKET, 1538, near Eighth— 2 sunny connect-
ing large unfurnished rooms; water, sink;
quiet house; rent $12 50. , . .
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rooms, rink, bath, range,
$12; 2 basement rooms, sink, gas,' yard, $9;
all furnished for housekeeping.
RAUSCH, 85. near Eighth, between Folsom and
Howard — Housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA. 128 — Alcove sunny rooms with
kitchen; adults; r< f ereno^s ; near 5 car lines.
VALENCIA. 1232 — Sunny . alcove room; fur-
nished housekeeping; warm belt; gas; bath.
VAN NESS ave.. 815— Front alcove suite, with
kitchen, gas range, bath.
Vlrginia.1005 Powell— 2sunny front housekeeping
rooms: newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$20.
¦WASHINGTON, 540— Front suite, partly fur-
nished for housekeeping; furniture for sale
cheap; rent $1 25 a week. r
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st. ,
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. anil TJnfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant
funny; grill attached: 75c day. upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
Ught housekeeping rooms; open all night. ¦¦¦-,
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; alfio unfurnished.
E^H S i *? 1 < Moz art)— Nicely furnished rooms.
25c, $1 60 night; $1 50, $0 wk.; open all night.
*
BEASLEY— In this 'city, January ' 28, 1902,
. ¦ Mary, beloved wife ;¦ of the late William
Beasley,, and ¦ sister of 'William,, James and
Patrick O' Keefe, Mrs. ' Hannah Maloney and
the late Daniel and Ellen O' Keefe, a native
of 'County -Cork, .Ireland, aged / 45 years.
; (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Thursday), at 8:30 .o'clock, ;from: her late
. ' residence, 76 Hermann street, between Mis-
sion : and . Valencia, thence to St.' % Joseph' s
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her , soul, , com-
mencing at 9 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BEGG&i-In this city, January 27, 1902, Ellen,
, beloved wife of the late Thomas ' Beggs,
mother of "William F. and Neil T. Beggs.
Mrs. J., E. Scully. Mrs. P. F. McCarthy'
and the late Mrs. John Sheridan, : and sister
of William. Nell and Ann Duffy and Mrs.
James Humphrey, a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland, aged 66 years. •: •¦•-." :
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
¦. (Wednesday), at 9 -o'clock, from her ¦ late
¦ residence, 122 William street, ' thence to St.,
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, -commencing at 9 :3i) o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flower*. . , ' L
BROSE: — In this city, January 28, 1902, Max.
dearly beloved husband of Emma . Brose, and
brother of Emll Brose, ; a native of Berlin,
•" Germany, j aged 4U years 3 .months and 1
day. •-.'-.¦.. ....'. .f ¦;.:..! ¦•;
1 Z~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2810 Octavla street, between Union
and Filbert. Interment I, O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ' -
BURGESS— In this city, January 26, 1902,
Arthur F. Burgess, beloved son of Otis R.
, and Sarah F. Burgess, and brother of. Fred
O. and Mae Burgess, a native of Missouri,
aged 30 years 2 months and 9 days.
CTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 29, at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4081 Nineteenth street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery. ,
BURNS— In this city, January. 27, 1902, at St.
Joseph's Home, Mary, relict of the late John
Burns, and mother of T. H.- Burns, a native
of Ireland, aged 57 years.
KTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission' street, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BTRNE— In this city, January '27, 1902, John
P. Byrne, brother of Mrs. Michael I McKen-
' zie and Mrs. D. Kelly, a native of County
Tipperary. , Ireland, aged 38 years.
tC7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at S:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
- street.? thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
. ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY— In Oakland, January 27, 1902, Michael
Catey, a native of Ireland,- aged 80 years.
DAVIS — Entered into eternal life, January 27,
1902, at the home of William Lukes, 1222
Leavenworth street, Colonel : Carl Davis, a
native of London, England, . aged 82 years
7 months and 7 days. •
f Gone, but not fof gotten. - ¦ ;
JCTFuneral services at the undertaking
parlors of Porter & White, . 122 Eddy street,
.Thursday, at 2 o'clock. -. Interment private,
Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
DEAKIN — In this city. January 27. 1902.
Henry C. Deakln, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Deakin, and father of J. W. and T. Ai
¦ Deakln, a native of Illinois, aged 69 years,
E7"Funeral services will be held . in the
mortuary chapel of- the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company.' 2483 Mission street, to-
day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
at Runnells, Iowa. : • '¦¦':'¦¦ ¦¦
DEASY— In this city, January 28, 1902, i Sara
L., beloved wife of Jerome Deasy, a native
of Brooklyn, N. Y. '
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at - residence, corner' Second, avenue and
Eighteenth 3treet, East Oakland.
DEFRANCESCHI— In this city, January 28,
1902, August Defranceschl, a native of Aus-
tria, a^ed 30 years.. .¦•¦' , .
lE^Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
FALK — In . this city. January 28, 1902, Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Lena Falk, father of
Mrs. Fanny Constine, ¦ Hymanj. Minnie and
Annie Falk, and brother of Kiva Falk of
Lcs Angeles, a native of Germany, aged 65
years.
**¦ icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thur&day), at 10:15 o'clock,, from his late
residence, ."06 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
FAY — In New .York, January 28. 1902, John
Fay, a native of New York, aged 74 years.
CTInterment Greenwood Cemetery, New-
York.
GRAY — In this city, January 27, 1902, Judge
Frank John Gray, beloved son of H. W. an!
the late Catharine Gray, a native of . San
Francisco, aged 3S years 2 months and 7
days. A member cf Manzanita. Tribe No. 4,
' I. O. R. M. . >
. (E?" Friends and acquaintances and' mem-
bers of Manzanita Tribe No. 4. I. O. R. M.,
and members of sister tribes; are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), .at 1 o'clock, from Red Men's :
Hall, 320 Post street, where services will be
held under the au3pices of Manzanita Tribe
No. 4, I. O..R. M. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. . ' - .
HEYDENFELDT — In Fruitvale, January 26.
1902, Ine Octreleh. beloved husband of Maud
Heydenfeldt, and father of Ine, Solomon and
Edwin Heydenfeldt, a native of San Fran-
( Cisco, aged 28 years 3 months and 11 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chape! of the crematorium, at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, San Francisco. •
HOLMBERG— In this city, . January 26, 1 J02.
Captain Alfred Holmberg, late of Alaska
Packers' Association's steamer Hattie Gage,
a native of Finland, aged 52 years.'
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
' parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HORN — In this city, January 28. 1902, Rob-
ert G.. beJoved husband of Lizzie C. Horn,
a native of Cincinnati.. Ohio, aged 53 years
11 months and 20 days.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KING — In this city, January 26, 1902, Eliza,
beloved wife of Alexander, King, and mother
of John W.. Alex., Jean, Jemima, Henry,
James, Jessie and . Annie King, Mrs. P. H~
Wissing, Mrs. H. Brodie. Mrs. T. E. Luding-
ton and- Mrs. F. Henkel. a native of Scot-
land, aged 58 years 0 months and 12 days.
(C7Friend3 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from: her late residence. 110 Vi
San Jose avenue, near Elizabeth street! In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from Elizabeth and Guerrero
streets. ' » •
KING— In this city, January 28, 1902, Annie
L., -beloved daughter of. Alexander and -the
late Eliza King, and sister of John W.,
Alex., Jean, Jemima, Henry, James 'and Jes-.
sle King, Mrs. P. H. Wissing. Mrs. H.'Bro^
die. Mrs. T. E. Ludington and Mrs. F. Hen-
kel. a native of Scotland, aged 10 years and
9 months. , • *
C^Friends are respectfully Invited .to at-
tend the funeral to-day • (Wednesday), ,at 2
o'clock, from the family residence, 110 & San
Jose avenue, near Elizabeth . street. Inter-
. ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from-JEllzabeth and Guerfero
streets.
LARKEY— In this city, January 28, 1902,
William J., beloved son of James and Mary
Larkey, and brother of John J., Daniel E.
and Frank X. Larkey and Mrs. M. Carroll
and the late Charles Larkey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 35 years. A member
of Cathedral Council No. 59, Y..M. I. (Phil-
adelphia, Brooklyn and Londonderry, Ire-
land, papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2100 Filbert street, corner of Webster,
"f thence to St. Brisrid's Church; where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CATHEDRAL Council No. 69, Y. «M. I.— Of fl-
eers and members will assemble at 2100 Fil-
bert street to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:45
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, W. J. Larkey. By order of
DANIEL C. DEASY, President.
P. J. FARRELL, Cor. Secretary. . .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher > :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.,' opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
' - ' ••-.'..; v 8AN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET. ~
' J. HENDERSON. Manager. ',.
J" UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
¦ 27 amd 29 Fifth St. Tel. South w I
FUNERAL DIHECTORS AND EMUALMKR&.I
nn«r Equtamtnt -M MoJtratt RB,tg»Tl
'¦' ' " ' ' ' " * ' ' ' ' ' ' - - i -•
NEWFIKM OF UiNDhrtTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty,' with the . same company for IS
- years; P. F. , Green. : late with J. C. O'Con-
"nor* & I Co.. ' have opened , new . Funeral Par-
lors at 1171- Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, i Telephone South 44. - :. , •
REMOVED!
: McGINN BROS.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-'
ERS, to 224 and 226 ¦ McAllister st: :.-. (For-
merly of 3T Kddy Bt.'-- Tel. 'South 252.)
ffirf' $18S OK S200 will »>ay for a most excel-
le-r.t piano if you come for it right away ,\\ e
V.-.e others for less or more money, and you
cr.r. make payments if you desire. Decker
Winner. Steger or Sinirer P' a " o f *" » 11
rtvlcs. THE ZENO MAUVAIb MLSIC CO..
?ga Market et.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 M*rs and full purchase price ai-
fcnre* on * new peerien p?*;' *v «5> ! ar
price; costs you only 20c a * «>• ' to bi aykp iano
from us. KOHIER & CHAhE. 30 O Farrell
tt.: established 1SS0.
S147 WILL buv a pood new piano during our
olWrance cale at 9^ Market St.: second-hand
SSJ^°»35 up! THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY. ¦
OfR nismos the leading maker*: price $100 up-
Vard -Talue" b«=t in the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A BEAl'TlFrL Stein way mahogany upright:
rnust be sold: no reasonable offer refused.
Box 3404. Call.
a cr trGHTER sale of 6torage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
E150 24TH. near Howard — 'Wagner square
piano for sale: very reasonable.
A BARGAIN: fine upright piano; for sale cheap
for cash; call a. m.; no dealers. 1227 Hayes.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy payrots. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Mlssn.
PRIVATE carty will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
£TILL renting new pianos, S3 per month.
ECOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
r 16 McAllister et.. next Hibernia Bank.
erPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFETS. 22 Turk Bt.. near Market —
Phor>ln»rer. Schubert and Btelnway baref»1n*>.
NEW HYGIEMC TREATMEXT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York.
hac permanently located at 607 Van Ne««
«rc: hour* 10 to 12. 2 to 4: rinone Polk 1431.
. OIL.
OIL tanks, eecond hand. In rood order; all '
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. B16 Migston gt.
OFFICES AKD STORES TO \A5TT.
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market et.— Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. _
LARGE front offices; single or en suite; up to
date; reasonable. 93."{ Market st.
1'AiNTERS AXD DECORATORS.
EOOMS papered $3 up: whitening and tinting
done. HARTMAXN Paint Co.. 319 Third St.;
telephone Red 3521.
PALMISTRY^
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 PoEt : phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel.BIack561.
FERSOXAL.SL
_ JOB elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
W fl5: with these suits we make an extra pair
V cf pants frw of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and Eighth.
TUMORS AND CANCERS CURED — The Napa
Sanatorium will take a few cases of turners
end cancers, making rio charge until cure is
complete. Ad. Napa Sanatorium, Napa, Cal.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms:
£Se to $1 tO per night; fl 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of Btyle and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
end The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as Tvhite Fhirts; selection 300 patterns.
A NEW eharcroolr.s machine; Cries your hair
In 10 minuter end benefits the hair; sham-
pooing Sf-c. G. LEDEJIER, 123 Stockton Bt.
10.000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Eixth st., room
11 ; call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 131U-1312 Stockton Bt.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Mocre,332 O'FarTell;send for circular.
ALFREDIMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERrxVOUS hair permanently removed ky
electric needle. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Market.
N MME. LAURME'S sure cure for dandruff and
falling hair: con, free. 1007^4 Mkt.; parlor 1.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 457 Minna et,
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Hair Remover.
708 Polk St., near Eddy; phone Polk 3522.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 763'
Valencia Et.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladies free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9CS Sutter: tel.Larkin 3171.
EUPEEFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. 1002% Dolores Et.
JEWELRY for eale: diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; .
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best com cure; 25c; all druggists.
"" CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
PLAMSG AKD TCR5TIXG MILLS.
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping;
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
PHVSICLAJfS AXD SIRGEOXS.
A— DR. OLIVE CltUVER. lady physician and
¦urgeon. at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR A« C - C - O'DOICJCELL-Office and residence,
1021% Market tt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. TVONG HIM. t-erb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 1 IS- W Mason. nr. Ellis.
PROPOSALS. • "
$40.000— TOWN of Lomp^c~Cal.. water 'rota
bonds--G. IV. Meals. Clerk of the town of
I/)mpoc, will receive until February 10. 1902
at S o'clock p. m., sealed proposal's for
S4O.O00 *M per cent 1 to 40 year Serial U S
gold water works bonds of this town. Interest
payable seml-annually. to bear interest from
issuance. Denomination $500 each, payable
. two each year; payable at Town Treasurer's
office. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on eome national bank In California
for the sum of $2500, said check payable to
the order of the torn of Lompoc and to be
addressed to and deposited with the Town
Clerk of said town, or, in lieu of said check,
cash cold coin in eaid amount may be
deposited with the Town Treasurer of said
town and his receipt therefor shall accom-
pany eaid bid: each bid to be inclosed in a
sealed envelope indorsed "Proposition for
|k_ Water Works Bonds of the Town of Lom-
l>oc." and to be addressed to and deposited
with the Town Clerk of said town. The
Roard of Trustees of said town reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals or bids
for said bonds or to -waive any informality in
any bid as the interests of said town may
require. Resolution and information fur-
nifc.md on application. G. W. MEALS, Town
BAN Francisco. Cal.. Jalfeiary 27. 1902.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, wlM be received here
until 11 a. m.. Thursday. February 27. 19(C.
and then opened, tor construction of s*wer
system, water distributing system and steel
tank end trestle at Fort Mlley. California.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids in whole or In part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
auction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M.
PROPERTY-OWNENS & CONTRACTORS.
— ¦¦¦¦ *^ - ¦ — i . — . — . - - , , _
HAVING acquired the Hentzetl patent chim-
ney. I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty flue*;
¦chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete, work: foundations
and sidewalks specialty: brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws Rnd timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations: estimates free.
J. 6MITH. 2933 Mission, or box 2C0. 318 Bush.
J RCrTtRE SANITARIUM.
I RUPTURE ; CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
V If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st-. rooms S and 0; new ey&lem.
EAILWAY TBAVEL. [
Chicago
in I_tzSS THAH
3 DAYS
From V '•'V*
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE "tJrawingr-Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Lib-'
rary Cars, yvith barber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. Daily Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every ."Wednes*-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R; RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. A B ent Pacific Coast
Palace HJtel ' San Francisco
op S. P. Company's Agent
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' ,Vla Sausalito Ferry '~\* *"
. Commencing September 29 1901
FROM SAN FKA-N CISCO TO MLLL YAT.T.gv
, AND SAN RAFAEL. ¥ -* i^*
WEEK DAYS— «:55, S:30. «U:30, 11:00 a! m
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. 'OtlS. 6:45 p. mT
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael ¦ on Mondays, I Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8 :00. *10 :00. "11 :30 a. m »1 -13
3:15. *4:45, 0:30, 0:30 p. m. - " "'.
- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5 :25. 6:27. 7 :45. 8 :35 10 ¦ 15
a. m., »12:25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p m7
EXTRA TRIPS on, Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:95 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:15,»8:00,»10:00. »11:45 a m.
•1:40, •3:15. 4:45. «6:30 p. m. «:_.„¦¦ *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:53. 8:55 10-iU
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. -m. - ." . ""?
: EXTRA .TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05/a. m.. 12:05, 2:15
3:30, 6:00, 6:45- p. m. r „¦'- ¦
";.->>*. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. : • . .... _ • ¦
\ 1:45 p. 'in. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ...... ¦ • * ¦ » *.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
¦tations. * - •' . '•.'¦>
Legal ' Holiday boats . and trains will run oa
Sunday time. ¦ > - /
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unturn.
ElZlsr~«8~(ThT~pIerpont)— Beautifully fur-
nlEhed rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
:vlce; hot water; private baths. "¦.¦¦'- '
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED J ront and back parlor for gen-
tleman; neighborhood of Pine" and Leaven-
worth sts.; private family. Box 3467, Call.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 759 — Finely furnished
suite, run. water, grate, gas, bath, all con.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotii. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit,slngle;elevat.
GRANT. AVE.. 17— Pleasant sunny rooms at
reasonable^ rates. , ¦
JONES. 906. In lower flat — One large room,
double bed; hot and cold water; ' privilege of
' bath; breakfast served if .desired.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single. '!'¦
LARKIN, S(H — SUnny front room, $5; "single
back room, neatly furnished, $4. .
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.;
NEWLY .•furnished office, also sunny rooms, at
. /131A Third sf. - . ' ; ¦ -¦¦¦••
MINNA, 541— Room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath;
gas. Call morning or evening. ' . ¦ . . ¦
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, . 126 Kills— Incandescent light, i
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK, 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms,' cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28, Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 108 — Furnished rooms to let, $1 25 per,
week and up. ,¦'.'¦¦ ',¦"¦ .
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences' at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. .
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. :
TURK, 543— Large front room; open or folding
bed; grate, gas and bath; reasonable.
WILLOW ave^. 14, near Eddy — Large sunny
furnished front room; 2 men or man & wife.
YERBA' BUENA. 25, near Taylor and Sacra-
mento— Nice large furnished room; nice loca-
tlon; rent moderate. ¦ ; : ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at, 1096
Valencia st. ¦ '
' ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH 218 Turk; sunny • front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. , 1070 Valencia
St.: conservatories. -
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny front ' and back
suites; excellent board \> terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA. 1304: — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; good location; reasonable.
Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy— Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
CHEAPEST and b«st in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROO1I1S WASTED. ,
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house.
keeping; east of l.arkln ,st. Box S428. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.; 415 Montcomery. rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; rer
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STOR A GEANP WARE HO USE IS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market fit.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS^ IN^YPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53G California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: - - . ¦
William J. Kenny, 34, city, and Eva Mor-
ris, 20, City.
Frank Collins, 22,. 931 Folsom street, and
Nellie Dunne, 20, 10 Madison avenue.
Charles Lane, 24, 150 Third street, and
Edith McKnight, 02, 507 Birch avenue.
Anthony McHugh, 22, 532 V4 Bryant street,
and Alice Krow, 21. 532% Bryant street.
Mark J. White. 27, Atlanta, Ga., and Eve-
lyn -B. Moss, 19, city.
. Albert Francke. 49, 634 Pacific street, and
Louise Arnold, 40, 1130B Pacific street: i.V
Thomas A. Percell. 27, 187 Harriet street,
and Maggie Draper, 33, 2724 Twenty-fourth et.
' Fred Gessler, 3G, • 10% Eighth street, and
Ottille Schmidt, 26, 116% Langton street. •
William Munroe,- 44, ¦ Mendocino City, and
Kate H. Seavey, 44, Mendocino City. 5
BIRTHS-MRRIAGES-DEAm
Birth, marriaea and death notices . sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BOB.IT.
HILKEN — In Ocean View, January 23, 1002,
to the wife of H. Hilke,n, a daughter.
MURRAY— In this city, January 22, 1002, to
the wife of John H. Murray, a son.
TILSON — In San Rafael, January 27, 1902, to
the wife of Thomas Tllson, a son.
TODOROFSKY — In this city, January 26, 1902
to the wife of Dave Todorofsky, a. daughter.
MARRIED. ~~
KELLEY— SPIES— In this city, . January 28,
1902. by the - Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
George Moyle KJelley and Caroline Belle
Spies, both of San Jose.
McKNIGHT— ALLEN— In San Rafael. Janu-
ary 18, 1902. by the Rev. W. H. Atkinson,
Richard L. ' McKntght and Alice M. Allen,
both of San Francisco.
ROWLAND— McGRAW— At the residence of
. parents of the -bride, 945 Chestnut street
Oakland, Cal.. January 22. 1902, by the
Rev. Dwight E. Potter. Edward R. Rowland
and Susie L. McGraw. . .• .•
STURGEON— SMITH— In this city, January
26, 1902, by the Rev. Father Callopy of St.
Patrick's Church, Fred M. Sturgeon and
May F. Smith, both of San Francisco.
DIED. — —
Althausen, John King, Annie L.
Baettge, Anna C. Larkey, William J.
Beasley, Mary Loewenberg, Rosa
Beggs, Ellen McDonald, Annie
Brose, Max Mann, Rachael
Burgess. Arthur F. Matthews. Edward
Burns. Mary Otz, Meta
Byrne, John P. Parsons, Asa E.
Casey, Michael Peacock, Harry
Davis. Colonel Carl Reilly, Annie
Deakln, Henry C. Russell, Edwin F
Deasy, Sara L. Sanders, Elizabeth
Defranceschl, A. Schierlng. Johann '
Falk, Samuel • Schoan, William H
Fay, John Seavier, Hannah M
Gray, Judge F. J. Rlmon. Marcarete
Heydenfeldt, Ine O. Stern, Elton W.
' Holmberg, Capt. A. Walker. Marie
Horn, Robert G. Watson (infanO .'
Kins. Eliza n .
ALTHAUSEN— In Oakland, January. 28, 190°
John, beloved husband of Christina Alt-
hausen, and father of Harry, George, Annie
Joe and John Althausen and .Mrs. W H #
Waite, a native of Bremen, Germany, -aeeti
51 years 2 months and 9 days. A member
of Ernst v. Bandel Lodge No. 3, O. H: H* S
• and San Francisco Verein , Eintracht. (New
York papers please copy.) •
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at hiR
-i late residence, 559S San Pablo avenue, corner
of Fifty-sixth street, Oakland. .Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. '
BAETTGE— In . Sausalito, January' 27, 1902
Anna Clara, beloved wife of Captam c'
. Baettge, and relict. of the late C. Mersebach
and mother of Mrs. C. G. Schmidt. 1 a native
of Germany, aged Cl years. . . ' . ; ,-,' -.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Odd Fellows' ; Ceme-
tery. . ¦ . - .
r EAILWAY T3AVEL. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trataa l«n*« and nr» iIm* iw jtrriv* Ml
• . SI.** FltAM«TIN«'O. ,
'-. (Main Line. Foot of Market SSr-ni.)
U*w ¦ — From DicEMBtn 6. 1301. — Axarft
7iOO* Benida, Suiauo, Eliaira aad Sacra-
meutn 8:33#
7 t«O a Vacaiille. Wbtin, Ruaisej 7 :33»
7i8o* Martinez. S:u, K t ,,n.,i, Valleju. N»PH
ifolUti git ami Hhika ICwt H-.JAt
•:«Oa DiTb, Woodland, Kufguta landing.
Majrjsfille. Orovill* ?:.13r
5:OO% Atlantic KijTeM-O;',en ami Rut ft:X3*
»»•»«» a Nilea, Ltthrtp. Stockton. 7«3-^»
MtttO* Nile*. Mendota. Uanford. VUtUa.
PorterrilSe I:33»
• i?»* Shuu Rxprrn— Datia, William (for
-•¦;.''." Bartlett Springs?. Willows, Bo,! - ¦', - ¦':
'. Bluff. Portland. 7;G3»
• ilia* flan J«ae, Utermor*. Htocktnn.
lone, s»or»inriit.>. PlaerrtUle.
M»nr«TiU«. Chic. Red IS'.nlT -ti3.?»
»i3«a Onkilalr. Chinei«.S,->n'>ra. Tuo!umn« 4:2.1*
*]«Oa Hny wnril. Kiln and Way SUliona.. I I i-VJji
•iOOa Vallejo r<i>23»
• iOOa I/» Angel** Exprew — KUrMnex.
Tracy. Latlirop. Srocktou. JicroeU
Krosiio and Loa Angeles .......... 7:89 *
»:»n» Val|,.j,i. MarMnex ami W-j SULinni ?:.%.»-
lOtttWA The OTerUmi Umlted-Ogden, l'e.i •
Ter, Omaha. Chicago «:«3»
f I:O»P Sticrinnenli> I limr Si e»int.rd |1> :"*»»
Sr««r llenicia. Winter*. Haeramento,
Wunillaml. KntiihU lamllnc.
M n ry» t Illf. Oro .•lll« 1 0:3.1a
StSttr Haywrnii. Nilra amt Way Stations.. 7:339
4iO«r Martinez. Mai) lUmon. Vallejo.
Niiiw. (,'HliMt..i{it. SiuiU Kom* ni33»
4iOOp Nlle.H. LUennoro. Stockton. LckM... I3.U.1*
4i3»r Hayward. Mle*. Han Joae, LIt. riuoro t !»:•! J*
«:SUp The Owl Limited — Freauo. TuUre.
, ¦ BHkersfleM. Hancna for 8nnl» lUr-
bara, I.cis AutZKiea... .............. Si33a
• BtOOr Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrcp. Stockton I <»:23 a
SiOOp Martintz. Antloch, Stocktou. Mer-
oed. Fresno 1>>23»
0:«<ip Hay ward. Mile* and 8an Joae 7:33 4
1«iOWp Vullejii lll«3*
• ti«ttr Oriental Alall— Ojdsn. DenTer.
— Omaha, Bt Louia. Chicago 4s33«
?l**P Oregon and OulidirnU iex|>i«mi.Haa>
r«iii«nti>, M»rjK»lllt. -ICeildhiK,
Vm tlmiil, I'tigat rtimml ami Kast 9i3»»
•¦•SrSan PabUv Port <;onta. Martiaei
knit Way «t*tlou« 11:334
_f tO3p ValUJ., .." ?i33y
COAST LiINB (Narron <Jnii K e).
' (Foot otMnrkBt Street.) _
S>1Sa Newark, (jBiit»r»llIe,.Saii Jose, Kclton, .
UoiilderCreek.MaiitaOmxand Way
Htntlmia 3.3»»
t»»l»l> Kewark UentetTille. 8au Joae, Nn» ? .* ... •
AlniHileii, Fulton, llmilder Creek,
Santa Cruz and riludpal Way
SUtlom..: !•!»•»
«>ISp Newark, Man .lone. Lot Gate* 18:50*
•9.SVP Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
Station* V7.9O0
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS HUHCISCO— Fool of Muket Street (Slip 8)—
t1:l& 9:00 11:00*. H. 1:33 3iOO 6:23c.M.
frtaOilUIIO— fitl.f Br««iiw»T.— trt-.oo 13.00 f3^C#
10:00 a.m. 12:03 2.QJ iQJr.u.
COAST IjIXE (Hrna.l Usage).
(Iblril mid Towngeinl Sta.)
CjIOa San Joae and Way HtaUon*. «>4oX
7:«Oa Man June a,.. I Way SUti..n» f9:»*»
/7:«»A New Ahua.len /*:!«»
»iUOi(,'ccjt Line limited — Ban Jom,
Gilroy, Salluaa, San Lob Obispo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angelfg and
erinclpal Intermediate stations .... 1 0:<]|
OiOOAMitn Jostt. Ties 1'inos. HmiU <:rin,
V TariUe Ur»T«. .-aliuas tian Lais
Ob!spo «u.l Prindyai iutetmedUta
Station* ... . ««!•»
IOiSOa San Jrac and Way Stations. . »s3«*
II:»Oa Shu .Io»b nml Way SUtion ttUCt
tSi-l»r Ban Matco, Redwoml. Meiiln Park,
1'al.i Alto, Man U Clara. Nan J»as.
Trw Pioos, 8»uU «.rnx. Salinas.
Mnnteri-y hik) 1'neilic CroTa |IO>43a
S:3»r Han Jnaeaini Way Mtalliius. la»«»
f^M.tr Man .limp »inl l-rii fip»i iv»y xutlons BtltW
4i30r Suniirt I imited— Mpndayi, Wednes-
days, Virfd*y<. for Lo* Ap^eies, El
Paso New urleans and New York.
ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays 1»>I3*
"¦ fftiOOrSaii Jo.*-, I.o» Gatos and 1'rincipal
- -» Way .StHtioim fKiOO*
5i30rSaii.l<»«iiii.l Principal \V»y Stations 6:.tO#
. «rnn r S»i..Iosr»n.l \V»» Mtailonn 7»JB#
7tOOp New Orleans Eiprexs — Han Lnls
ObUpa Santa It.rhar*. I,«* Au-
celea. D mlng. El Paso, New Or-
leinaaiul K*iit ............. 7t3*A
gll:43p San .Itwm m.l Way SUtioim 1:Mi
A for Moriiine ]¦ for Afternoon,
t HuniJay ri.:i-n led. J Sniiday only.
_a Saturday on!y. , /Tuwidjr* and JritUyf^,
CiLIfOBNIA NORTHWESTERN KT. Ca
LESSEES
SAM FRANCiSCQ AND NOBTH PAClrni
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6an Fi*an:iiMo w i>an liataol.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
, 8:30. 6:10. «:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:3U. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. 6:20. p. m.
» ova i.ju) to t'-an Francisco.
WEEK JJAia — a:10. 7:50. 0:20. 11:10 a. m.;
1^:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. in. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:05 and 8:33 p. m. " "~
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40, li:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. C:23 p.. m.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 23. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ) Destination f days. ] Days.
7:30am| 8:Uuam Novato, 10:10am 8:40am
3:30pm| »:30am Petaluma. 0 :05pm 10:25am
5:10pm| S:0Opm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm <t:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor, 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30pm S :00am Clovordale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm »:00am and »-. TJklah. 7:o5pm 6:2Opm»
7:30am 10:4uam 10:25am
8:C0am Guerneville. 7:35pzr. *
3:30pm B :00pm . 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:10am
' and
5:10pm 5 :00pm Glen . Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am! 8:00am] -¦ . '¦ |10:40am|10-.25am
3:30pm[ B:00pm[ Sabastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for AHruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale .for the" Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle i Carlsbad Springs. -Soda Bay, Lakeport
and 'Bartlett Springs; 'flu Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
BucknelVs. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. • Willits. Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlda
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. ¦ • Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt. ¦
i ¦ .
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy,
Leave Market-street Ferry Deport
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 8:11 p
" Fresno.. U:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 pi 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla.. S:3l>pl 5:00a
" Bakersfd 8:15 pi 5:20p 7:45a
." Kan.City | 2:40a 7:30a..
'" .Chicago..! | 2:15 p| 9:00 pj
a tor morning p for afternoon.
9:0O a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation o:
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. daily.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:3u
p. m. dally. L -
8 " p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through .Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; al»>
Palace ' Sleeper, which cuts. out at Fresno.
I Corresponding train arrives at tt:0O p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
• Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
MOUNT TAM ALPAtS^ RAILWAY
,' L»"ave Via Sausalito Ferry I y Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ( San Fran.
Week Sun- _ utr _ l _^ m - Sun- VVeek
Pay*- daV 3 - *#,„_ da^' I-Li
9-30 a. 8:00a. . .-mi** into »» lao^-W *• '•>¦& A.
1:45 p. 10:00a. JZ^a-^-ws 3:00 p. 3:40 p.
4U5 P. 11:30a. ' ... ' . - 4:2o p. 5s» P.
1:15 P. *• "¦' T «* ¦*»•"*'• - b:55 r. '
-. ' Tuc. iuTmlm I* SKimltndBetan.fi* 1 .' - '
CActOOcM. «21 MAKUR STOEEZ ud mauwn^tPH
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Q—Q HEAKSYST; £»(ablinhrd
in 133-3 for the treatment <>f I'rivatM
airM-JiM-*. l^iWt JlnlllilMMl. Pfbi.lty or ,
*!is*-ns~ we:irlnfr«ii hody anil niiti'i and
¦Skin Diseases. Tlie Doctor cures wheq
others fall. Try hira. rhargrs low.
C»rr«;uar:inlPfil. C:illor wriMk
fir. Jl. Je. «1BSOJI. JSivu Fraucbco. Cat.
LOEWENBERG— In ? this \ city, ¦ January 26,
| 1902, Rosa, beloved wife of Joseph Loewen-
berg, : a native of Germany, . aged 68 years 10
. months and 12 days. (New. York City papers.
- please copy.)' ' ;¦:„¦• - , '
. E3*FrIend3 and acquaintances are. respect-
fully - invited to . attend the funeral to-day
i. (Wednesday), at flO o'clock, - from her 'late
residence, 11 Day street, between - San Jose
' avenue and Dolores streets. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, via electric funeral car.
McDONALD— In ; thia city, January 26, 1902.
Annie,- beloved wife of Andrew McDonald,
¦ and mother of James, Joseph, John. r Wil-
liam, ¦ George, Andrew, Ella,. Frances , and
Rose McDonald and Mrs. Annie Kelleher, a
• native of County Rosccmmon, Ireland, aged
49 years 5 months and 11 days." .."/:• —
' ! E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ Invited to attend ¦ the funeral to-day
1 (Wednesday), at 8:30 o clock, from her. late
residence, 124 Langton street, thence to St.
, Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of 'her soul
' at 9 o'clock. "Interment Holy Cro»3 Ceme-
¦tery. . rr- : . •'.. ¦: ; ...¦¦. :'¦ ¦ » -.
MANN— In t this city, January 27, 1802, Rach-
ael, beloved wife of the late David Mann,
mother of Mrs.; D. Cohen, Mrs. > I. Kline,
Mrs.. J. Adelson and Robert, Joseph, Leo
and Rosie Mann, and , sister of A. and ¦ B.
Feiff and Mrs. R. Jacobs, a native, of Ger-
. many, aged 75 years 8 months and 5 days
'¦- __~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend;- the; funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 671 Willow avenue. Interment
Hills of 'Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Towhsend streets.
¦ Please omit flowers. . The members of the
Eva Mutual Society are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral. . ' • -.- •
MATTHEWS— In this city. January 28. 1002,
Edward L. Matthews, beloved father of Myr-
tle Matthews, a native of Louisiana, aged 50
years 3 months and 13 days. ' . .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of James Hagan, 445 Valencia street; thence
-to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cremation.
Members of A. Lincoln Council No. 2, Junior
• Order of American Mechanics, please ' take
• notice.
OTZ— In • this city, January 28, 1902, Meta
Otz, beloved mother of George and Rudolph
Schwab, erandmother of Hazel. George and
Harold Schwab, and mother-in-law of Mrs.
George Schwab, a native of > Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 62 years. . * -
PARSONS— In this city, January 28, 1902, Asa
E., beloved husband of the late Anna M."
Parsons, 'and father of, Edward B., Alfred
, W. and Mrs. C. Cesend and Mrs. A. McCar-
thy, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 71 years
. 8 months and 5 days. . (Brooklyn, N. Y.,
. .papers please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 30, ,. 1902, from his late residence,
1923 Sixteenth avenue south. South San
Francisco, at 1:30 o'clock. Interment C.y-
. press Lawn Cemetery."
PEACOCK— In this city, January 27, 1902.
Harry " Peacock. - beloved son of . George and
Margaret Peacock. . and brother of 'Joseph,
Annar and Lulu Peacock, Mrs. Janes Archer,
Mrs. Mollle . Fyf e and T. H. Nixon, a native
of Napa, Cal., aged 26 years 2 months and
s 6 days. . .'
ETFrlends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 312 , San Jose avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • .
REILLY— In this city, January 27. 1902, An-
nie, relicj of the late Bernard T. 'Reilly, and
. mother of Mollie and Thomas Reilly, Mrs.
- F. C. Pendergast and Mrs. J. P.' Fenneli
and the late Mrs. -Susan McGlynn and James
Reilly, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 66
years 6 months and 15 days. . ¦ ¦
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited %o attend the funeral to-dai
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
. dence of -, her. daughter, 917. Treat avenue.
\ thence ta St. Peter's Church for services ai
1 o'clock. Interment Hqly Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, January ? 2T, 1902
Edwin F. -Russell, a past sachem of Re("-
. Jacket Tribe No. 28, Impd. O. R. M. - of Sac-
ramento, Cal., and member of Union Lodge
No. 3, F. and A. • M.," Detroit, Mich., a na-
tive of Detroit, Mich., aged 65 years and 4
• months. (Detroit, Mich., papers please copy.)
C?" Funeral from Red Men's building. 320
Post street, ¦ Wednesday, at 2 o'clock sharp,
under the auspices of Arapahoe Tribe No. 76.
Impd. O. R. M. All members of the 'order
' are cordially invited to attend the- funeral.
Thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cre-
mation. Remains at the parlors of James
Hasan, 445 Valencia street.
' THOMAS R. LAUBACH. Sachem.
HENRY WALKER, Chief of Records. "-
SANDERS — In this city. January 27. 1902
Elizabeth Sanders, widow of the late Dr.
Sanders, and sister of Mrs. Martin Doerr.
a native of Germany, aged 52 years and 10
days. • . . #
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral to-day'
\ (Wednesday), at 10 o"clock. from the parlois
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
SCHIERING^ — In this city, January 27,^1902,
Johann Schiaring, beloved husband of Caro-
line Schiering. a -native of Germany; aged 58
years 11 months and 18 days. A. member
of the Shipwrights' Association of San Fran-
cisco. ¦ : / . ' '
¦'¦• inTThe - funeral '.will ¦ take ' place "* to-day
(Wednesday), af 1 o'clock, from the funeral
'parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ~ •
SCHOAN— In this city, January 27, 1902.
William H. Schoan, a native of Rochester,
N. Y., aged 32- years.
\C_T Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. '.
SEAVIER — In this city, January 27, 1902.
Hannah 1 * Mary Seavier, beloved mother of
1 Frank L. Seavier, a native of *£Jew York,
aged 58 years 3 months and 14 days. (Port-
land, Or., and New York City papers please
copy.) : . :
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite^ to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),' at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Mount Olivet /Cemetery. * ,
SIMON— In this city, January 28. 1902, Mar-
garete, beloved daughter, of Herman and
Paulina Simon, and. sister of Hattie. Ber-
nard, Florence and Lizzie Simon of New
• York, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged 24
years and 7 days.
STERN— In this city, January 28, 1902, Elton
W.. beloved child of Charles K. and Hattie
Stern, and beloved brother of Lyle, Charles
» K. Jr., Anita and Grace Stern, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 1 day. (Sun
Diego papers plea3e copy.).
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 30, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
. residence of ' hia parents, 511% Capp ; street.
Interment .Holy Cross Cemetery. \
WALKER — In Oakland, January 27. • 1902.
- Marie, beloved- wife of Frank Walker, lately
of Stockton.', and sister of Annie Silver of
Haywards, a native of Portugal, aged 5t
' .': years. ' " ", - ', • '.. ¦.--'» • , • ¦ '
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at*9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 256 Harlen street, thence to St. Jo •
seph's Portu>ruese Church, where a requiem
high mass will be ; celebrated for the reposa
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery.
WATSON— In . this city. January 26. 1902. in-
fant aon'of Robert C. and Delia Watson, a
- native _ of San Francisco. . -¦ ¦ -Charges ' for .violating a riile of the Po
lice ; Department will be filed by j Lieuten
ant Anderson against '• Police' Ofiicer
Crackbon. A rule of the > department - is
that offle'ers' shall exercise due care in 'the
use of "weapons, -¦" -;.--..-. ... . . „
- . . - -. ' / ;-¦'-¦¦/-¦ '..¦
Charges Against Crackbon.
Over; three hundred poor ¦ families : were
provided for last year, and the inmates of
both the Pacific Hebrew, Home- and ; the
Lombard-street Home ¦ were supplied with
warm wearing apparel.-- , : - ..
At trie annual meeting: of -. the 'Hebrew,
Ladies' * Sewing Society; the following, offl
cers' were elected -for s the ensuing ''- year : '
President^ Mrs. > Alfred; LiHenf eld; Gfii'stV
vice-president. Mrs.' J: .8.. Ackerman; sec-"
ond vice- president;,- Mrs.* H.i Silverrhan;:
treasurer, Mrs; William. Lewis; secretary,
Mrs. H. Newman; superintendent. Mrs.
William ; Hirschfeld;; trustees, Mrs.. J.
Wormser, Mrs. B,, Blum. Mrs. S. Foorman
Mi's. E. Gunst, Mrs.M.- Davidson, Mrs.
S. J. Friedlander, Mrs S. Haas, Mrs. H.
Eppinger.and -Mrs. J. Block; collector, D
MIchels. :. •¦ .-'-. ¦-¦¦-.,: '."' .-'¦<!.•-: ;. ¦ . • ¦ ¦ : -.-
" Sewing Society 's~*CF6o.d~ fWdrk'." 7~~v"
¦GERMAN BENEVOLENT i SOCIETT — The
German Ladlns' Benevolent Society will meet
to-day at 2 :3O o" clock at 360 Geary street.
* The rededlcation of the organ at St.
Stephen's ;. Church, on Fulton : street, last
evening was made the occasion of a mu
sical treat, 'in .which local artists partici
pated.: The organ was practically rebuilt,
large additions bein* made to It both In
the musical and mechanical portions. It
has an exquisite Hone and played an im
portant part In the following programme:
Organ -prelude. "Vlsfone". : - (Rhelnberger),
Gerard Barton; processional hymn. 607 (S. B.
Whitney), Choral Litany ¦ and Magnificat In
B flat (Kins Hall), choir of church; organ solo.
Fantasle in E (Th. Gerard - Barton
soprano solo. ¦ My Redeemer and My Lord"
(Dudley Back), Miss Ellen Margery 'Marks •
organ solo, £ (a) Offertoire . "Prayer" (Paui
Devred). (b) Postluee ; A - flat : (Edward M
Keade), ,Koec«e - Warren; -Lucy; violin and or
gan, air fotr G strln* WS. Bach). Mary Pas
more; barytone solo. Prayer" (Stradella) H.
B. Pasmoce; violoncello and organ. ; "Adarlo"
(Kleugel).. Dorothy^Pasaiore; tenor solo. "Be
Thou Faithful, Lnto Death" (Mendelssohn).
Arthur C. Lawrence: organ solo. •(a) Barcarolle
in A flat (E. H. Pemare).. (b) Bourne In D
(Sabln). W. A. . Sabln .F.*R. C. O.; offertory,
soprano solo. Hark. Hark, My Soul" (Gerard
Bmrton), iMlss Edith Wadsworth; organ solo
¦ -Benediction ! Nuptiale" (Sairit-S'aens). Gerard
Barton; recessional hyinn 618 (H.- R. Fuller)
choir; postlu.le. ; .«. ..•'.,.-
Been Undergoing Alterations
Is Hade Joyous Occasion.
Eededicatlon. of Organ Which Has
SACRED CONCERT j IS GIVEN
'AT ST; STEPHE1TS CHURCH
Will Erect Many Flats.
. A building contract' was filed -for record
yesterday covering the erection of "fl'f ty
seveh flats fronting on^- Fell, Oak - and
Pierce streets. The parties to the con
tract are the Barron estate and the .Walk
er Brothers Company. ..The . estimated
cost is $161,400 75. '
In another part of. this paper- appears' an
advertisement worthy the reading, as it's for
the public good. It tells of a free distribution
of Doan's Kidney" Pills, a remedy - for'-KIdney
Ills. R*ad It and call at' No 'Percentage Drue
Company, 849-i)."il Market, St.. south side be
tween Fifth and Sixth, San Francisco, on Fri
day; January 31.
For -the Public Good.'
Mrs. Stone, at a late hour last night,
was resting under the Influence of opi
ates, i
Miss Jessie E. St^ne, another daughter
of the injured woman, Is lying critically
ill at Los Angeles, and fears are enter
tained-that the news of her mother's dan
ger may cause Miss Stone's death.
. Though suffering great agony. from her
injuries, Mrs." Stone managed to explain
that she had leaned over a gas stove in
. an effort | to dry her hair, which became
ignited from the heat off the fire, the
flames quickly spreading to her clothing.
"Before I could think," she said, "I was
a mass of fire." ., :
Professor Stone was summoned to the
side of his stricken wife, as was Mrs. N.
P. Cole Jr., a daughter/ who resides at
1716 Pacific avenue. < . . j • •» ¦. .
Dr. C. F. Pawllcki Jr., who was sum
moned, states that Mrs Stone was burned
terribly about the face, back,*, arms and
chest." He deems the' outcome- uncertain.
While drying her hair over a gas heater
In her apartments at the Van Nuys, 1001
Bush street, yesterday afternoon Mrs. W.
W. Stone, wife of Professor Stone, prin
cipal of the James Lick Grammar School,
was so severely, burned that her recovery.
Is deemed doubtful." That she did \ not
suffer agonizing death at the time of the
accident is due to the. presence of mind
and cool action of J. S. Starr, proprietor
of the'/.Van ;JJuy&,» who;, attracted by the
screama of Mrs. I Stone j rushed to her aid.
In the frenzy of her suffering Mrs. Stone
threw j fierself upon the floor, the flames
from her clothing and -hair igniting the
window curtains and spreading to other
articles in the room. The blaze was ex
tinguished- however, before serious dam
age had been .done. • . ' . ¦
When '- Starrs arrived , upon i the. spene
Mrs. . Stone was enveloped in flame's. He
quickly wrapped blankets about her and
after- some difficulty- smothered the fire,
not, however, before the £esh had been
blistered and the entire bodice consumed.
towed to safety by the tug Defiance be
fore sunrise.
The Mary E. Russ left this port yester
day. The stanch craft was bound for
Coos ' Bay. She was ¦ beating out toward
the open sea all day, but as. the- winds
were unfavorable she made little head
way toward her destination: As night
fall . came • on Captain Nyman i found him
self off Bakers Beach. The wind died
down and the schooner became becalmed.
Captain Nyman tacked in toward the
beach a little and then dropped his an
chor to await the freshening . up of the
wind. .. .. t :;i , ... . , . ' '¦•'
It was a ". cozy: spot . to seek shel
ter from, in a . southeaster ! or a-south
wester, but when the stiff northwester be
gan to pipe across the Golden Gate, Cap
tain" Nyman found himself in- a sorry,
plight. The blow suddenly freshened. into
a tearing gale and the Russ' anchor be
gan to drag, and the boat started on her
journey toward the beach. . The. wind was
blowing at the rate of forty -¦ miles an
•hour and the. schooner drifted rapidly. ' The
crew .of ; the Buss : found themselves un
able to do anything to save ;thelr craft
from . being driven :. shoreward ,' in the
teeth of .the:-.2ale. -'-:-..¦ :.";^:. s ."
.. During. the heavy gale which sprang up
so unexpectedly last : night shipping! in
¦ alliparts. oif ; the : - bay -suffered-, materially,
lit* several .^instances-, ships-ibroke/ loose'
•. from v their /moorings J'iana , drifted v about,
causing: considerable -damage to - other
vessels. ;V:-.- : ' ¦¦.¦:."¦ -K -V >*-.-.^/'-: : '-• ,•-'.'¦;.•"-. : ¦ -.
..v;The. scow. schooher Annie* Rarted her an-'
chor chain^at section -1 of the (seawall ;'and
drifted ' against the scow schooner .Fannie,
carrying -away ' her jibbobm.<The' ; Fannie,
which : is loaded "with ' lumber?"' was • alma's t
In.'a-'-slnkinK'cbnditioni'&fter. "-'tlie.'colllsl'on.
Her.crew had tp^be taken 6ff t 'iThe Annie
4rif ted"up' against'the" . wharf and 'was se.
cured before, she could. do further'dam
aged ¦,.-*:*.-. ' r-;.-: :. ¦¦ •¦;¦..'.,':¦- '.;':".;: ;
.They shipping- on. the other side of the
bay. ,wasi not' spared ; by;. . the ¦ gale. : The
Schooner. Onward, vwhlch*; was at
the -! : Oakland "-« Lonp .?wharf,? 'broke loose
and 'bea t against>the -T^reneh bark -Duch
ess Anne."; The. captain sent to; this side
of^the.bay for atug,' but' all- 6t he tugs
were,- in. Use.. The •schooner rbeat "against
thelarger .vessel until' it- was L feared 'that
she: would, sink.',". The, sailors ! we're .'powe'r
lessrtoj aceompjsh.. anrthing'- against the'
terrific: gale which prevailed during the
night..*- The 4 -'Diichess'.fAn.ne<," was. also
placed Mn *a.. perilous -.position,, as -all J her
lines were, carried away by the Onward,
Mrs. Stone Receives Se
vere Burns on Head
. and Body. „
GAS STOVE SETS
TRESSES ABLAZE
j Anthony Adams. Michael Healy, Charles
Rice and John M. "Wilson, four young
men, appeared before Judge Lawloryes
terday morning to stand their trial on
the charge of an attempt to commit 'rob-*
bery. They .elected • to have separate
trials, and the District Attorney
Adams as the first one to have his case
heard. The jury was soon impaneled and
after hearing the evidence returned a ver
dict of guilty. Sentence will be passed
upon the defendant Saturday. Wilson's
trial will go Km to-day. - ... .
The four defendants held up William
Hariton 'at Second and Mission' streets
shortly after 6 o'clock on the night of
November. 13. Hariton's cries for help
'were heard by Detectives Regan and
O'Connell,. who happened to bfr close by,
fandithey caught the four in theVact." :
waymen Found Guilty by
, a Juryl •
First of a Quartet of Young High-
CONVICTED OF ATTEMPT •
TO COMMIT ROBBERY
The: Judge said- he did not like,to',dis
miss- the-«ase-and-eontinued-it-foF-a~w;«ek
to' give, the- police- every* opportunity of
procuring Some' Interested "person to. swear.
to the complaint.^r. :. : y [¦¦¦,« -~\i ¦/•':¦ ¦¦¦''. : '}-U -:<, : V
The- case of M. . P.I^Phelps, .'conductor;
August :-'Deutschman,-= motorman;~ andj A; '
D.> Cameron! . timer, ;.charged : with* "rnanr
slaughter In connection^ with' -the' death
of»Mrs.- Mary 1 Phelan on-the night of;De
cember' 23, when' control ¦ was- lost of •"ifcar.
oh' ' Fill'more street, -".between' -Broadway
and TJnipn, was ;callefl " irti Judge - Caba-'
niss' court yesterday,. '" . .'.',* ;^j-/
Detective Bailey informed ' the ', Judge
that he .could, not get . any_of (Mrs. f'Phe
lan's -relatives or friends :to swear r tb >a
complaint -.and he. .was not. in position
to do' so himself, as- It could only be Irom
information and belief.Y' ..' ¦ •• • ---i-. fttHz £
CABELESS I CABMEJSTVmAY; ,V- "; ¦>:^
I---'- :;r\: ; .;^ESCAEE:'I»][JinSHMENT,
The- tMS Defiance. finally got a., line on
board the schooner and was tryng to pull
her off at 3-a. m. ¦ ,.- ¦ ¦'.,'- .-^ ¦' : ' ¦'¦¦ .-'•*
A heavy sea was running off, Bakers
Beach and the • waves broke over the
grounded : schooner r with terrific force.
Luckily, however, the anchor ..held ; the
schooner's' nose' to : the., gale' s .and' at, high
tide i It i w'ill'j be an -easy ., rhatter,, to = to\y
her into deep -water. ../'. ¦.-.'. - : ftr ¦'¦'¦ !v;V"-- "?''¦«¦'¦' " :
The schooner. lay about- - 500. feet,: east of
the rajlroad funnel ' and^about 150 .feet
from the shore line proper. 1 '. %-'- ; i \. '¦;.?&?*&
The news of the r accide.nt- reached :th«
city about 10:30 o'clock, .'but the/ schooner
had; drifted • into- sh'oal' k water ..some .-time
before, that hour,;. The^Spreckels! towboat
Deflanee;- was. dispatched -at "flhce'to -.the
scene, arid at ail : early. .hour. this morning
the tug ..'succeeded in passing the schooner
a line ; to .- drag; her off the •^dangerous
beach.' ; i"^. l - '-.":' ¦ :: "-. -''¦ '••¦;¦ v : '¦:'¦ ' ¦¦ ' ¦^''¦¦' ¦"¦¦¦ •
John Hyslop, the Merchants' -Exchange
lookout at "Point- Lobos, .was the first t one
to uoticejthat the'Huss; was dangerousiy
near r;the i:; beach. - ; He ;at : once , notified | the
life.-?aving 'crews; and ;the towb6at ;^ com
pany. The -life-savers; acted". ;promptly
and were - soon .on their, way. ( to aid, the
crew "of* 'the 'wave-buffeted •'. schooner.
When they; reached, the .vessel ;the,heavy
seas were piling- over, jier bows and - she
labored and rolled In the. surf like^a thing
in teTror.* Captain 'Nyman- arid" his brave
crew decided to stay -with their -boat at
all hazards. They^refused the offer of the
life-saving crews' to take .them , off .'the
schooner and ! land, them pn : .the ...shore
safely... .The life-savers determined' tor, re.-,
main close to • the • schooner, .until mom-,
ing, as .it was ; expected" she ¦.<¦ would.-, be
' : man, narrowly escaped, destruc- ,
tlon at'Bakers Beach last' night. The
schooner\was ( driven shore stern on, but
when the boat .'struck "the ¦"* sands her
anchor held the bow off the .beach,, thus
saving ihe Ill-fated craft from- otherwi-se
certain destruction. None of the sailors
were. lost. ...When, the . life-saving" crew3
were "notified that there was vessel ln # dif
ficulty }hey • hastily mace pre^aration3 to
give assistance. The South Side," Point
Lobos and. Cliff ! House- life-saving boats
were dispatched to' the secen, biit as>the
crew, of the Russ did -not believe them-;
selves in any "danger of being ; ; drowned
they refused to abandon: the schooner.
D~— RIVEN ashore in one of the most
gales ¦ that has raged oft
heads this winter. the schoon
er Mary E. Russ, Captain Ny-
and she was; In imminent danger of be
ing driven about by the storm. u
'¦ ¦ ¦':.'¦ ' . ¦'' "¦ • ¦ ; : ¦¦¦'..• '¦•'¦'; ' - ; - ¦' ' , ¦ - ¦ ¦'.-' ¦-.•'"'•¦--¦• - : i . ' .-. -¦.¦"..¦>,¦¦.
THE TWO-MASTED. SCHOONER MARY B.' RUSS, AS SHE APPEARED ROLLING; IN THE SURE AT BAKERS
BEACH LAST NIGHT, HAVING BEEN DRIVEN ASHORE IN THE HEAVY NORTHEASTER THAT : BLEW
' UP DURING THE EARLY EVENING. /' . • .¦ . ¦ • . . ' ..; ,. ; '. j ;. r *
Orrin S. Henderson of Fresno Jp willing
to take the Republican nomination for
Railroad Commissioner to succeed Black
stock. ¦ . •
inveawjon ano the subject, if mad* for
real resuits and Impartially, must convince
Uie »M sKepucal tnat th c next governor of
California, u be i s to be a Republican cannot
5^ r^,^ uth^ on ; Henr J- T. Ua t e is out of the
running a .-.<l tl,e .-er.nanf of Thomas Flint Jr
L a « r h^ V,*; H eM al0ft UntU t^ party
as a whole shall have lormally <3ec:dea an
fiute aIr " ady "*' t erniined by the people or the
The announcement that Alameda County
wiii present a canaiaate for Uovernor^ih
Inmh ?,lf° mplIcat « the situation in the
Eoutru It is true that L. H. Brown and
iJT. iaraee. who were candidates for the
KepubUcan nomination for Governor in
VSK, gracefully swung into line for Gage
alter the noses in the convention had be?n
counted, cage's nomination was prac-
OCfUr accomplished' before either Pard^e
or Brown retired. The delegations rep
leseMciiig counties south oi Tehachaui
were highly grateful when the convention i
unanimously nominated the candidate of
the scum and promised on the spot to
reciprocate at the cext State convention
by standing in for.a candidate from this
section of California. In view of this
Implied understanding that the south
would favor the nomination in 1902 of «=ome
aspirant in Northern or Central Califor
nia, several well-known Republicans in
sist that Gage's candidacy for renomtna
uon is in bad form— that he is bound by
considerations of fairness to keep out of
the race. These suggestions of fairness
In polities addressed to Walter Paiker and
Dan Kevane might have great weight in
persuading them to advise the Governor
to step out of the way. Pardee's candi
dacy will tend to diminish Gage's chances
of getting a bunch of delegates from Ala
meda County, but beyond that it may not
cut njuch of a figure.
The outlook for a good sprinkling of
canlidates for other places is quite en
couraging. This time A. J. Johnston, who
has held the office of State Printer for
twelve years, is bound to have serious op
position. T. C. Masteller. past depart
ment commander of the G. A. R. and at
present adjutant general, of the order is
b. candidate for the office.
For the office of clerk of the Supreme
Court Charles W. Bell, County Clerk of
Los Angeles, is an announced Republican
candidate. *. "¦. '., • • . :
Mayor W. L. Crooks of Benicia Is a can
didate for Railroad'Commissioner in the
First District, to succeed E. B. Edson
On the Democratic side of the house
General A. W. Barrett, whose term as
State Bank Commissioner will expire next
December, is said to be a candidate for
Railroad Commissioner jn the' Third Dis
trict to succeed W. Blackstock. Repub
lican. r .
The Southern California newspapers are
not standing J!i xor Cage. The l>os Aii
ceies Capital, commenting on political
topics, remarks:
The leading politicians, of the RepubM
can party assert that Los Angeles will
be the scene of the sharpest contest be
tween the Gage and anti-Gage forces. It
is common talk that Gage will retire from
the field if he loses the battle in his j own
county.' Ex-Senator Bulla, who appears
to be the leader of the forces now lining
up against the Gage machine, openly es
pouses the cause of Thomas Flint Jr. and
seeks to compress. the fight to a struggle
between Gage and Flint, the present
Governor is earnestly seeking renomina
tion he may decide to lose no time in ac
cepting the gage of battle which Flint
has placed before him. It Is common gbs
sip that the Gage forces, under the' lead
ership of Waiter Parker and Corney Pen
dleton, are not : developing strength in
Los Angeles. The Governor may there
tore be compelled bv roree of events lo
go south ana raliy his lagging supporters.
Senator ir lint nas arranged for another
southern trip, senator Charles M~ Bel
shaw will probably join him in libs A::
geies.
In all likelihood a resolution will' be
passed by the Supervisors directing Me-
Dougald to use the fund to pay back bills.
This -will be done with the proviso that
should the Supreme Court decide that the
fund should have been kept intact an ap
propriation will be made in. the next tax
levy to replace the money. The St. Mary's
Square promoters appear to be in favor
of the plan, especially, as the Board of
Supervisors has incorporated in the jjro
posed bond issue the .feum of $215,000 to
purchase land for the square.
A conference was held yesterday be
tween Mayor' ' Schmitz and Supervisor
Brandenstein,, chairman of the Finance
Committee,- as to a plan whereby the so
called St. Mary's Square fund of $125,000
may be utilized to pay demands incurred
during the fiscal ; year 1S99-1900. It was
j decided to bring the matter before the
board at .'Its' next 'meeting in "order that
action In '¦ the* matter" might t>e taken
forthwith. "''". ' •
Auditor^ Baehr and Treasurer McDoug
ald have b:een; investigating the possibil
ity "of utilizing "the'fund named -and they
find that^Jthere is nothing to prevent the
use of ~the money to pay the city's debts.
Former Treasurer' Brooks was served
with a restraining order to prevent him
from paying any demands out of the fund
when suit was. brought by Christian Reis
to compel the, city to buy. fhe land neces
sary for St. Mary's Square. Judge Sea
well decided that the money was not spe
cilically set aside for park purposes and
that it was-a part of the general fund.
An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court", which "has the- case' under consid
eration. Though Judge Seawell dissolved
the restraining crdor.i Brooks would not
pay demands out of the fund because the
case was appealed. Treasurer McDougaul
knows of no restraining order and he and
Auditor Baehr are desirous of paying reg
istered demands. aggregating $90,000 which
have not . been '.. paid because- the St.
Mary's Square fund was held: up. The
Mayor favors the proposition,' w*ich will
undoubtedly- becarried out. : - J
Gage Must Face a Battle
in His Own County of
Los Angeles .
Officials Agree to Use
St. Mary's Square "
Funcl.
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
CITY WILL PAY
ITS OID DEBTS
SCHOONER MARY E. RUSS DRIVEN
ON BAKERS BEACH IN A GALE
Carried ;to-\yitliina;Huriy red Feet-^
, las; Her Keel Grates/on the :Sand^BottQm-~ThefTug Defiance
and Life-Savers -Are / Promptly ; on : : Hand ; to ; Render Assistance
S
THE -SAN- FRANCISCO CALJL.7 QVEDNESPAY- JAlNUAKY S^/l'JOS.
12
RIPE PEACHES
Pears and Apricots — To-day 3tarts tbs
great sale of Home Table Krults. 'Sam-
ple of every article open for Inspection,
white Clover" brand. Every can like
fresh fruit. Put up in heavy 11.
.syrup. 2%-pound can I IS
CASE ASSORTED. 2 Dozen, $2.25
GOOD BUTTER. Square. 33Hc
RIITTFP- Best Humboldt Cream- QQ-
UU I ILn eries, square dt)\}
Choice of brands.
BEST HAMS NOW ON SALE.
MIXED CAKES mtdefpo^nd^. IOC
10-FOTJND BOX, OOc
SHOE DRESSING, 10c Bottle, 3c
TCAQ Uncolored Japan or English'Break-
I UrtO fast. Fresh and full of life. Qn»
50c pound OUU
LYE OR POTASH, 10c Can,'* 5c
PORT flR <sHFRRY Special Re- QQ n
fUni Un OnCnni serve. Gallon OOC
1895 vintage. 'Old Mellow Tonic Wines!
Regular 11.25.
PINK BEANS, 10 Lbs. 25c
VULCAN P a a c r^ r g e Ma^. hes :. . 12 ;. bo * 3jc
Our regular 5c. Some charge 10c.' ;^
SCRUBINE, 10c SAND SOAP, 3c
HORSE SHOE WHISKEYS $1.00
ft ta d?o d uSFe?n1 C Sce Be f ter than SOme sold
BRILLIANTSHINE, 3 Tins, 25c
CODFISH 3l^ s ! etnBo^?' 5c
Wednesday. *""**
1 SLICED PEACHES, Tin. 10c
Wednesday-Thursday. Usuaiiy*3Sc."
.^MARMALADE, lOc GLASS
119 TAYLOR STREET.
ONLY RELIABLE
COAL DEALERS
SELL
TESLA BRIQUETTES,
$9.00 per Ton.
Best and cheapest fuel for 1
kitchen and grate. A trial will
convince you. Phone South 95
about them.
«! COKE! ME!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET."
:San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
DR.MCNULTY.
•Hied DiMtrdera. Ilook on Diseases of Men. free.
?,^i? i rj?« r!^ x ?*X5* n^ Tprn " reasonable. Hoars.
totlou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
K-,?ir aOHCOF ' »e»CMT, 31. D.
gSHKcamy Wt, San Franclwco. C»l.
-j% 1 I A I <«^' Ammunition and Sporting
I ¦ I 9 111 C Go °^ 3 - Largest Stock. Low-
f m B S 1*1 est Prices- Until closa of
B 0 3 31 M B ¦ hunting season win o.Ter
I^A 3 W \LJf sun* at reduced prices. ,
• . . Send for - catalogue.
; sHXsva * basbss co.. /
739 XukttSi tad 511 Stan* tt
¦i III. 113. 115. IIT. 119. 121 POST STREET.
'¦-"¦-, ~ - -: . " "_—. ' ' . ' ¦¦¦¦-;
-' ¦ " ¦ : ' —
. •" ¦. - . - - . . • ..: •
: Oir MONDAY, Januaru 27th, we placed on
t the following lines of goods, all of which
hQ found EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.
18 pieces 54 and .56 INCH EXTRA HEAVY WEIGHT
BLACK ENGLISH CHEVIOT, sultaDle for Walking SKlrtS
Qnl Outing Suits. Price to close
m\J\J JT ARDb
One Gase, (20 pieces) 37-INCH ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN
CHEVIOT, In mixed colors, such as Graus, Browns, Tans,
Blues and Red. These ape new goods and will he sold at
75 FRENCH AND ENGLISH IMPORTED DRESS PAT-
TERNS. These are all wool and silk and wool, hoth
.figured and, striped effects. Prices were $12.00 and
$15.00 each. Price to close
v v JS6.OO Pattern.
; 18 pieces GENUINE AMAZON CLOTH, in all the principal
shades— Navus, Reds, .Browns, Graus, Tans. The goods
are full 50 inches wide. Price. •
SLOO Yard.
75 .pairs WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, 'all pure ."'
-wool and. assorted hopders. Thess Blankets are the
¦ proper size for three:nuartep heds.
S3.75 Fair.
125 pieces PRINTED PARIS WAIST CLOTHS, In a good
varietijof designs. These are the goods we have sold all
this season at 12ic per yard. This lot at '
!Jp!H| H 8lc Yard.
All Remnants -Of COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS
from HVuapds to 7 yards in length placed on oup center,
counters and^niapked at Yepg lowpplcss. . •
Bionliiirt's Plaxseed Balsam
.Will cure you? cough.^60 cenu »t all druxzlata.
[ll|6f^ip;MARKET
Ji U pltiLPI mm
teiriljie
Riiuctjons
Ladies'l tajloplilla^ Suits
Ladies' Tailbr-Made Jackets
-iji^'tiHo^liMifacpf!
(ladles' Skirts ;
¦Ladies' Waists
-feather Boas^
liiili
JI46 MARKET ST.
ROYAL BAKING POWDcR CO., 10? WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
An absolutely pute t cream of tartar powder.
Makes ; delicibus biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls and muffins.
Making 'PIqwm*i
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Wagonettes and
Station Buses
For;P6nies,vdr : fuil^size : Avith ca-
pacity; for 4, 6; 8 or.moreipassen-
gers. /Fitted; with'canopy ¦ tops if
¦ you 1 ? want/. • / .;v. ; ¦:*•.. V" :
'Mai^kctahd^Tcnlii«trcet8.
¦« i .- : EXPERT OPTICIAN. •
: • " APPROVED BY THE'
Highest jAvthorities!
atOKQ & ma y ckLtj,
[The- German Expert Optician, tmfl. Charter Mem-
>er : of. : the - American ', Association of Opticians.
. has . additional . honors : conferred upon ', him by
The^jaierican^
on / Matters • of San! t ati r n end Hygiene.
The. American Journal of Health says?
'' *¦ "George: Maj-erle'sr latest and- most Improred
method In , examining: and correcting - most , com-
plicated ¦ ¦, cases of- defectlYe> Eye.slght has been!
approved } by " the ' highest anthor'itieB.''-r^Ertract
1 from the American Journal of Health, KewYork.
NOTICE!
JTEGLECTEB EYESIGHT AFFECTS THE BRAIN
• ¦-• Mayarle's ; Glasses cannot ¦' b« / had • from*- any
traveling: = optician. . THE GENUINE must -be
ordered direct from GEORGE MAYERLE, Gradu-
ate , German. Expert ; Optician,-' 1071% ; Market
•treet, near ) Seventh, • San . Francisco, j- Telephone
South 572.' German Eyewater./ 60c. .; ; Mr. ' George
Mayerle. does not travel,' nor dees 'he employ any.
traveling i opticians i to . represent • him. :. - . '/-•-'
George . Mayerle's? Glasses "Strengthen the' Eye'
!• \~~;> <' >. : :,.-¦' •:. ¦¦',:¦ and Brain.' •¦ :¦ .-. ¦ - . - ;- -•
1 - All Prescriptions , or; Mall Orders ¦. for. Superior
Quality . Eyeglasses * should : be addressed direct
to Gtorge Mayerle," San Francisco. ¦;•-. ¦ - . r . : :
; ; - ;CUT'THIS' pyx.
w The Perfection of ml
Wi Made Wm originar lasts, that* were patterned after the Aitk
W\ 1 nat " r . al , sha P e oitUc foot and constructed to conserve good flStf
\«;1 health by providing perfect fitting footwear— footwear that B?/
V»;6 not only does not pinch or rub : but that fits with sufficient of
-M:l snugness as to permit free circulation of the blood in lUf
&IJ eveixpart of.the.foot. In^ short, they are healthful, -com- • UvL
al tortable, stylish and beantiful. 11 \^
||\ 9 and II; SANSOME STREET. Wf
: : yJ\ Factory: 134 and 13S Main street, San Francisco, Cal fftf
lil If your dealer dots not carrv tho PHIT-t: ih^n 14 li
IB 'direct to the mantrfacturers. Delivered to any. Srt'ortht II H
ml United' States or Canada on receipt of $4. P Of the W\\p,
ADVEKTJfeEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE3SOSNTS.