VOLUME XCI.— NO 37.
BARK THAT RAMMED STEAMER TOWED INTO PORT,
' m j^ H E arrival last evening of the French bark Max in tow of the steamer Acme and the revenue cutter McCulloch has scruc0n sonu ?¦ degree •to Idispeltlie mystery surrounding
the frightful collision which resultedjn the loss of the Walla Walla. : The bark is greatly damaged at tlic.bow
threatening at times to mi and submerge her. The vessel brought no persons who were on the Walla W 'alia and 'the • officers and crew manifested an i' extraordinary reluctance to
discuss the sea tragedy. The Max -was placed in quarantine and no communication with her was permitted last night/ The^s^mslii^Eomon^.^wed^estcrday 'with a large
number of the passengers, officers and crew who were on the ilh fated Walla WaUa at the time of the collision wM
Abou 1 1 o'clock the patrol boats .were withdrawn, but a quarantine officer
was placed on board to warn all trespassers, away. Lights were burning in
the. af ter/ cabin, but even the distress signals of a launch were allowed to go
unheeded. ," The. vessel will pass quarantine some time this morning. Her ar
rival -after sundown- and the peculiar. circurnstances that ; brought her to -this
port; together with the issues; involved, apparently, made these precautions
.necessary. vUponthe report of the captain of the Max to the-French Consul
will .depend ¦ in a great measure the liability for the disaster. If the captain of
Max was 1 at/fault the vessel will'be libeled. M
The Max dropped anchor in the quarantine grounds between Lime
Point and Alcatraz. Early in the evening a strict .patrol was estab
lished,and all approaching vessels were ordered to keep 100 yards away from
the line. This quarantine was rigidly maintained during the night and all ef
forts to 'communicate^ with the vessel wese unsuccessful.
the water line. She was a complete wreck and nothing but her water-tight
rompartments were keeping her afloat. She was low in the water and when I
signaled them if they wanted assistance there was a slight hesitation and
then came the answer, 'All's well.' When we saw the Max she was eighteen
miles northwest of Point Reyes. It looked to me as though the bark had run
plumb into the steamer, but what course he was steering and what reason he
had to be on that tack, bound inshore, is a mystery to me."
; "We r had pretty heavy weather after leaving Astoria," .said Captain
"Clem" -Randall of the Elder yesterday.. "Off the Columbia' River it blew i
gale, but nevertheless we were able to lay, our- course. At 10:50 a. m. on
January 5 we^ ran a-.ross the. French bark. : : She had her bowsprit carried
away and her bow, as near as I could see, was stove in both below and above
:;The first news that the Max was making San Francisco was brought in
by the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company's steamer George W. Elder,
which " arrived from the Columbia River yesterday. The Max was spoken
off the Mendocino coast and signaled that she had been in collision with an
unknown j steamer: , Just 'about that • time the Acme and the : McCulloch
showed up and took the Frenchman *in tow.
Crew of the Max Returns No Complimentary Answer.
"Did you spring a leak?" A surly "No" followed from ; the skipper arid •
the conversation was then lost in the wind. Captain Benoist 1 speaks English, ;
but with a strong French accent. He said the bark was not leaking. Gap- .
tain Landquist of the Acme had a different story to tell:
Again the megaphone was brought into play.
"W!io picked the Max up?" was asked of the Acme's skipper.
., "We did," said .Captain Lundquist in a jubilant tone "We -found-; her'
The answer came back over the waters that none were picked up.
"Are you badly "damaged?" was next asked Captain Benoist.
"Yes, we are in a bad way. Our bow is shattered."
Through megaphones the conversation was carried on, the bark rolling
in the sea, her rent nose shipping water. whenever a heavy wave struck- well
forward.
**&& ITH bowsprit torn away and bow crushed, the bark Max,
i^t, / t^ ie Frenchman that sent the Walla Walla to the bottom
°f the oeean, was -towed into port late last night'. Riding
y y the sea ia tandem fashion, the steam coaster Acme and the
revenue, cutter McCulloch tugged the battered bark
through the heavy swell that rolled outside and into the harbor, where the
Frenchman dropped anchor. . ' ; > '.
Th^Max arrived without a single survivor of the Walla Walla.
When she was sighted yesterday afternoon,' shortly after 3 o'clock,; about ten
miles northwest of Point Reyes, a rumor, ran round the city that she had
picked up some of the wrecked passengers and crew of the' Walla Walla.
Fourteen miles outside the Heads Captain Robert Benoist of the Max gave
positive information to the contrary.
"Have you any survivors aboard?" was shouted .from The Call tug
The forward part of the vessel was apparently twisted out of shape and
the;' bowsprit was lacking.-- -The 'vessel-seemed ¦to'. have butted her nose against
an iron wall, the result being a .smasH such as follows the impact of , hard
boiled egg .on a table. Although the ship nvas in ballast arid her ordinary
sea line was six feet out of water, the damage e:;tend.ed 'to/a pbint ' no less
than three feet; from the water. Thej'ibboom was. cut- off and with Tit 1 the
dolphin striker and the figure-head. the rigging that /connects, the
. jibboom with. the foremast was lacking: and its loss showed that. the collision
which sent the Walla Walla' to the bottom narrowly, escaped sehdirig-the Max
* The ship seems to lack the gigantic strength 'required .to; sink a/ vessel of
the tonnage of the Walla Walla, and .there is jiothing ab'out.her to suggest that
/through- her tnany : iiyes have ibeen, sacrificed Vandv-matiy/ a ; Chappy-; home ¦lias
' been made desolate;. /" ' . • . . • /:". *: ; - * . :*' ¦
were yelled over the water.
Slowly riding the heavy seathe Max;, with, sails furled, looked the disabled
ship she is. Great -interest attended the approach -of the; tug, with reporters
and artists aboard, arid -the 'crew, gathered on deck, often . shouted* back an
swers addressedto the captain. French and English and the mixture of both
Vessel Shows Plainly Ruiri Wrought Mby Collision..
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning the.;McjCulloch, which left here -Friday
afternoon, picked up with the Acme. and her salvage arid gave a helping haul:
Two hawsers were attached to the bark from the Acme and one from r the
McCulloch to the coaster. . V ¦ / ,
seyen.miles ;south of Point^Gorda and she, was having, a Hard time.bf.it' /She^
was beating, about' aimlessly, all sails^set: She was^ leaking." ¦ ;
Lunquist was the first to sight^.the, damaged ship. He -gave a rope to
the Max abouti i o'clock Saturday, mornings off .Point Gorda,- about eighteen-,
miles from the scene of.the accident and: seventy-six >.- miles- north of Point
Arena. Then came the Acme's tow southward. ; : It was: a hard pull and slow,
work at the best. - ' :'¦¦'¦•-¦' .-. '¦¦'¦ y '¦¦/¦ '-- ,;-)v-(-i-
Disabled Vessel Max Is Found: Drtft^ Bowsprit Torn
Away and Bow Crusted and Shaltrred;and^&
FRENCH BARK THAT WROUGHT WALLA WALLA'S DOOM
ARRIVES, BROKEN OF BOW AND SHATTERED OF HULL,
WITHOUT ONE SURVlVOR FROM THE LOST STEAMSHIP
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY; '6, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.VOLUME XCI.— NO 37.
BARK THAT RAMMED STEAMER TOWED INTO PORT,
' m j^ H E arrival last evening of the French bark Max in tow of the steamer Acme and the revenue cutter McCulloch has scruc0n sonu ?¦ degree •to Idispeltlie mystery surrounding
the frightful collision which resultedjn the loss of the Walla Walla. : The bark is greatly damaged at tlic.bow
threatening at times to mi and submerge her. The vessel brought no persons who were on the Walla W 'alia and 'the • officers and crew manifested an i' extraordinary reluctance to
discuss the sea tragedy. The Max -was placed in quarantine and no communication with her was permitted last night/ The^s^mslii^Eomon^.^wed^estcrday 'with a large
number of the passengers, officers and crew who were on the ilh fated Walla WaUa at the time of the collision wM
Abou 1 1 o'clock the patrol boats .were withdrawn, but a quarantine officer
was placed on board to warn all trespassers, away. Lights were burning in
the. af ter/ cabin, but even the distress signals of a launch were allowed to go
unheeded. ," The. vessel will pass quarantine some time this morning. Her ar
rival -after sundown- and the peculiar. circurnstances that ; brought her to -this
port; together with the issues; involved, apparently, made these precautions
.necessary. vUponthe report of the captain of the Max to the-French Consul
will .depend ¦ in a great measure the liability for the disaster. If the captain of
Max was 1 at/fault the vessel will'be libeled. M
The Max dropped anchor in the quarantine grounds between Lime
Point and Alcatraz. Early in the evening a strict .patrol was estab
lished,and all approaching vessels were ordered to keep 100 yards away from
the line. This quarantine was rigidly maintained during the night and all ef
forts to 'communicate^ with the vessel wese unsuccessful.
the water line. She was a complete wreck and nothing but her water-tight
rompartments were keeping her afloat. She was low in the water and when I
signaled them if they wanted assistance there was a slight hesitation and
then came the answer, 'All's well.' When we saw the Max she was eighteen
miles northwest of Point Reyes. It looked to me as though the bark had run
plumb into the steamer, but what course he was steering and what reason he
had to be on that tack, bound inshore, is a mystery to me."
; "We r had pretty heavy weather after leaving Astoria," .said Captain
"Clem" -Randall of the Elder yesterday.. "Off the Columbia' River it blew i
gale, but nevertheless we were able to lay, our- course. At 10:50 a. m. on
January 5 we^ ran a-.ross the. French bark. : : She had her bowsprit carried
away and her bow, as near as I could see, was stove in both below and above
:;The first news that the Max was making San Francisco was brought in
by the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company's steamer George W. Elder,
which " arrived from the Columbia River yesterday. The Max was spoken
off the Mendocino coast and signaled that she had been in collision with an
unknown j steamer: , Just 'about that • time the Acme and the : McCulloch
showed up and took the Frenchman *in tow.
Crew of the Max Returns No Complimentary Answer.
"Did you spring a leak?" A surly "No" followed from ; the skipper arid •
the conversation was then lost in the wind. Captain Benoist 1 speaks English, ;
but with a strong French accent. He said the bark was not leaking. Gap- .
tain Landquist of the Acme had a different story to tell:
Again the megaphone was brought into play.
"W!io picked the Max up?" was asked of the Acme's skipper.
., "We did," said .Captain Lundquist in a jubilant tone "We -found-; her'
The answer came back over the waters that none were picked up.
"Are you badly "damaged?" was next asked Captain Benoist.
"Yes, we are in a bad way. Our bow is shattered."
Through megaphones the conversation was carried on, the bark rolling
in the sea, her rent nose shipping water. whenever a heavy wave struck- well
forward.
**&& ITH bowsprit torn away and bow crushed, the bark Max,
i^t, / t^ ie Frenchman that sent the Walla Walla to the bottom
°f the oeean, was -towed into port late last night'. Riding
y y the sea ia tandem fashion, the steam coaster Acme and the
revenue, cutter McCulloch tugged the battered bark
through the heavy swell that rolled outside and into the harbor, where the
Frenchman dropped anchor. . ' ; > '.
Th^Max arrived without a single survivor of the Walla Walla.
When she was sighted yesterday afternoon,' shortly after 3 o'clock,; about ten
miles northwest of Point Reyes, a rumor, ran round the city that she had
picked up some of the wrecked passengers and crew of the' Walla Walla.
Fourteen miles outside the Heads Captain Robert Benoist of the Max gave
positive information to the contrary.
"Have you any survivors aboard?" was shouted .from The Call tug
The forward part of the vessel was apparently twisted out of shape and
the;' bowsprit was lacking.-- -The 'vessel-seemed ¦to'. have butted her nose against
an iron wall, the result being a .smasH such as follows the impact of , hard
boiled egg .on a table. Although the ship nvas in ballast arid her ordinary
sea line was six feet out of water, the damage e:;tend.ed 'to/a pbint ' no less
than three feet; from the water. Thej'ibboom was. cut- off and with Tit 1 the
dolphin striker and the figure-head. the rigging that /connects, the
. jibboom with. the foremast was lacking: and its loss showed that. the collision
which sent the Walla Walla' to the bottom narrowly, escaped sehdirig-the Max
* The ship seems to lack the gigantic strength 'required .to; sink a/ vessel of
the tonnage of the Walla Walla, and .there is jiothing ab'out.her to suggest that
/through- her tnany : iiyes have ibeen, sacrificed Vandv-matiy/ a ; Chappy-; home ¦lias
' been made desolate;. /" ' . • . . • /:". *: ; - * . :*' ¦
were yelled over the water.
Slowly riding the heavy seathe Max;, with, sails furled, looked the disabled
ship she is. Great -interest attended the approach -of the; tug, with reporters
and artists aboard, arid -the 'crew, gathered on deck, often . shouted* back an
swers addressedto the captain. French and English and the mixture of both
Vessel Shows Plainly Ruiri Wrought Mby Collision..
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning the.;McjCulloch, which left here -Friday
afternoon, picked up with the Acme. and her salvage arid gave a helping haul:
Two hawsers were attached to the bark from the Acme and one from r the
McCulloch to the coaster. . V ¦ / ,
seyen.miles ;south of Point^Gorda and she, was having, a Hard time.bf.it' /She^
was beating, about' aimlessly, all sails^set: She was^ leaking." ¦ ;
Lunquist was the first to sight^.the, damaged ship. He -gave a rope to
the Max abouti i o'clock Saturday, mornings off .Point Gorda,- about eighteen-,
miles from the scene of.the accident and: seventy-six >.- miles- north of Point
Arena. Then came the Acme's tow southward. ; : It was: a hard pull and slow,
work at the best. - ' :'¦¦'¦•-¦' .-. '¦¦'¦ y '¦¦/¦ '-- ,;-)v-(-i-
Disabled Vessel Max Is Found: Drtft^ Bowsprit Torn
Away and Bow Crusted and Shaltrred;and^&
FRENCH BARK THAT WROUGHT WALLA WALLA'S DOOM
ARRIVES, BROKEN OF BOW AND SHATTERED OF HULL,
WITHOUT ONE SURVlVOR FROM THE LOST STEAMSHIP
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY; '6, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.It Is evident that some who have been
posing as survivors , of the Walla Walla
wreck are impostors. Some have given
in their names to secure a free trip to San
Francisco, while otters were probably
looking for notoriety. The number of
those who landed safely on the shores of
this county is 102. Of these the Dispatch
brought sixty-four and the tug Ranger
picked up a^ boat containing fourteen.
Seven came ashore at Trinidad. At Big
Lagoon ten landed safely and at Stond
Lagoon the seven sailors beached their
boat. The latest list, excluding the six
picked up by the Nome City, shows IDS
survivors. This indicates there are im
postors. The steamship list is not cor
rect. New names are coming to light and
names in the list are found to be incor
rect. Two theatrical men whose names
are V. J. Fara and H. C. "Wilson were
sold tickets under the names of Jones and
Brown. Another survivor who gives hl3
name as J. F. Fainlle la not on the sail
ing list.
The committees from the City Council
and the Chamber of Commerce estimate
their expenditures in outfitting > the sur
vivors to have been $830. Another $100 waa
spent in patroling the beach from Eel
River to Big Laloon. It is estimated that
$500 more will be needed to patrol the
beaches and bury the dead that come to
shore.
The seven sailors who selfishly occupied
one boat when there were other boats
carrying fourteen have- met with a flat
reception here. There are many who feel
very- bitter toward them, while others ara
disposed to give some credit to their story
and give them the benefit of the doubt.
The members of this party do not tell
straightforward storiea. Their tales ara
full of contradictions.
EUREKA, Jan. 5.— The beach la
the vicinity of the Stone and Big
lagoons is being carefully pa
trolled to secure the bodies of
. the unfortunates that reach
land. It la thought that the ma
jority of the bodies that come
ashore will be washed in somewhere in
the vicinity of Trinidad, about sixty
miles north of the scene of the collision,
as • a strong current sets In toward the
north. This accounts for the fact that
three boats full of survivors, the only ones
that escaped who were not picked up by
the Dispatch, tug Ranger or Nome City,
came to shore at this point. The raft
containing Peter Xilson, first mate; F.
Lupp, second mate; C. Brown, fourth
mate; J. Schiel, pantryman; Ed Murrillo,
third cook, and Henry Erickson, passen
ger, was found by the Xome City near
Trinidad. The peopls in the southern end
of the county are also keeping a look
out. The Centerville beach near Ferndala
is bein? carefully watched.
for Bodies of the
Victims.
Eureka Men Patrol Beach
IMPOSTORS
LOOK FOR
FREE FARE
RELATIVES GREET THOSE WHO WERE SAVED
HONOLULU, Dec. 2S.— The Hawaiian : Sugar
Company is about to issue bonds for a million
dollars, « for s. Improvements ¦ and purchase of
land. -At a meeting to be held January 20 the
proposition .will be voted , on ; by the ; stockhold
ers, v Only. & l third -of \ the money la wunted at
Eev/ Godfrey Schilling Gets Appoint
.:' ment and Will Open Headquar
ters in Rome.
.'CINCINNATI, Jan. 5.— Rev. Godfrey
Schilling, O. F.*3kl.,,.a prominent member
of the local Franciscan province, .who waa
also founder of the convent of Mount
Sepulcher ' at" "Washington, and , was com
missary of the Holy Land in this coun
try, has been appointed ¦ director general
of all , the foreign missions of the Fran
ciscan order In .the world; ., He will pro
ceed to Rome, where be will open head
quarters. .
DIRECTOR GENERAL OF
FRANCISCAN" - MISSIONS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— If the new Cu
ban republic : will accept a 20 per cent re
duction In the duties, on sugar and cer
tain other products and make a. similar
reduction in . her tariff in favor of Amer
ican products v she 'will ' get it. That is
what the leaders In» Congress.' are'
.willing to give;- though ' the : ' concession
might, in 'a pinch j*. be enlarged to 25 per
cent.* The hardest part of the work has
been- done' and that was; convincing iho
prominent'-- high-protection • members of
Congress '¦¦_, that the . concessions -can be
made ' without = worKing . harm' to . the in
terests of the citizens of V the United
States.; A reduction of 20 per cent on Cu
ban raw sugar will amount to $7 20 a ton.
Assuming that the Cuban sugar crop this
year. will be eight hundred: thousand. torto,
it - would '¦ amount to a saving - to ' ¦ Cuban
planters of $5,760,000. ,The» details of - the
planfor Cuban . relief are yet to be work
ed out with 20 per cent as a basis. ". ,
Special . Dispatch ¦ to The Call.
Duties if Certain No Harm
Will Eesult.
Congress Will' Make a Reduction in
MAY MAKE CONCESSIONS 1
TO .'THE CUBAN PLANTERS
Sad Scenes Are Witnessed at the Wharf When the Bruised and Careworn
Passengers and Mariners Who Were in the Terrible Ocean
Catastrophe Meet jfFheir Relatives and Friends.
/-^» ORROW and joy were mingled at
C ' Broadway wharf yesterday morn
"^^^^- ing, when the steamship Pomona
tied up to the dock- and landed a
JL 1 throng • of weather-beaten survi
"'- vors of the Walla Walla disaster;
. Down the -gangplank filed the
wan and weary unfortunates, some of
them maimed and bruised and others
nerve-shattered and tottering from; the
effects of their terrible experience.
On the dock wives .and \ children and
mothers and fathers; surged, around the
gangway to embrace \ their loved ones.
The grief-stricken relatives of those who
went down' to their death in the wreck
were there also with the overjoyed fami
lies of those ,who survived. It was : a
pathetic scene and there were many inci
dents that compelled the . flow of tears.
Sergeant of Police Mahdney and a platoon
of patrolmen' were on hand to ; keep the
crowd moving, : and ' as fast as possible
carriages were driven up to the gangplank
to carry away those who had suffered
severe iniurles. "
The Pomona left Eureka Saturday, aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock ' and '¦- made the run
down in., eighteen -. hours. ¦ Outside the
Heads the steamer was met by the tug
Liberty, with Captain Wallace, A. A.
Waters and other members of the Pacific
Coast Steamship" Company, who went out
to offer' what aid they 'could 'to the sur
vivors. Every, little- attention -.was paid
them on their arrival. . The steamship
company had several physicians on ; hand
to succor the injured., /
James Robishote, a youth who lives at
1819 Vallejo street, was taken to his home
in a~ serious condition as a result of long
exposure and lack of water and- food.' He
was laid out downstairs in ' the room ol
one of the officers of. the Pomona arid the
physician who was \ working over him
said that It was not improbable that
young Robishote would die.
In the next room J.- A. Sell, another of
the Walla , Walla's passengers,- was suf
fering from a deep gashMn his head. and
probable internal Injuries. .
¦ Mrs. R. F. Edgar; who lives In San Jose,
had ' three ribs crushed I during the excite-.
ment ~ of . the scramble ; for > the • lifeboats.
She was removed f to ¦ the t Lick ; House ' by
Dr.' J. ¦ F. ¦ Burns,'. who came up from San
Jose to attend her. > .
William Goldsmith, • one ; of r the >Walla
Walla's firemen, hobbled down the ganc
plank on crutches. Both his feet and
legs were badly crushed by wreckage
after the steamer went down. He was
carried under, the waves by the -suction
and the churning waters threw all sorts
of wreckage. against his limbs with force
enough to injure ¦ him seriously. Gold
smith was picked up by several compan
ions and hauled aboard a liferaft, where
he went through another terrible : ordeal.
: There were two more unfortunates that
were so seriously ill and injured that they
could not be removed from Big Lagoon,
where they landed Saturday on one of the
liferafts. Charles Gleason, believed .to
be the - well-known boxer recently re
turned from Alaska, was one of the two
who were not brought : down on the : Po
mona, It is. reported that Gleason has
a small chance of. recovery, and his com
panion, W. H. Weaver, is . also seriously
injured. .•¦..¦ • .
¦ ¦ The survivors and the. regular \ passen
gers from Eureka contrasted ' oddly ¦ as
they stood .-on the decks of the Pomona
when she. swung around Jhe end of . the
. dock. Men and women who left the city
New Year's day on the Walla Walla look
ing spick and span • In natty traveling
clothes presented -a queer spectacle in'the
variegated garments given ; them to wear
temporarily, by the generous . people ' of
Eureka. ;
I No -sadder story was there among the
¦ returning survivors than that of ;, 'A. . E.
Kalzeschan, an engineer attached. to the
revenue cutter Manning. Kaleschan lost
his wife while making a landing in . the
breakers : at Big Lagoon. His grief
marked face c showed . plainly the weight
of his- sorrow and his fellow-passengers
who had done their best to comfort him
during ' the voyage helped ¦ him . tenderly
down , the gangplank: • .-. - .
. "The ¦ following, survivors were brought
from Eureka. on the Pomona: ••:¦-•:
•r: C. F. Swan, i A. B. Maclellan, Mrs. . C.
Hastings, Miss Williams, Mrs. R. F. Edgar,
J.: Miller, and wife,- J. Robishote," Miss
G. A. Gadien,->Mrs. J. L. Timmons,; G.*R
AVest, W. S., Sanderson, J.W. Daly, Theo
Haight,'. Albert. Meydenbauer, Mrs.,-Mey
denbauer,¦*J. ¦ Gilbert; J.v A. Sell, ¦ E.r Stern
and wife, Miss Rose Peters, F. L. ' M '
Smith, J. M. fftream and wife, Mrs." A F
Stream,. J.H.T3rown and wife, A. Kalzes
chan. J :\ ; ;"-'*f '•"-.-:.'•¦ -•.¦¦¦/; .-¦.• "•¦¦-,. . '
. Second .claae:- : C. Larsen, G..- Helger
son,.-V. Tara, R. Nenns, • W.'- Devllla, «H
. C. Wilson, ¦- S. ,; N. 1 , Le Prairie; J. • Carmen!
F.vDewar.C. Morehouse, W..B. ; ; Smith;
R. McKey, M. McCrimmon, A. : Swanson,
B. Larsen, G. F. Spencer, D. Boyman.
Officers and crew of the Walla Walla:
Captain A. • L. Hall, . Daniel Hogan, H.
Houghwout, M. Lingan, J. W. Etter
shank. O. Olsen, J." Thornton, P. Abram
son, O. Johnson, J. Peters,' C. Machias,
J. Baumgarten, P. Wissig, M. Nelson, W.
O'Leary, J. A. Rico, C Brown, A. Herald,
F.., Haoguwout, J. Nagle, M. Manning,
F. Flanagan. P. Schofleld, A. Murphy. J.
Patton, P. Woods, P. G. Gord, M. Hur
ley. . A. Arregoa, W. Goldsmith, P, Noo
nan, W. Kelleher, L. McCullen, W. Shee
hii. E. Alexeander, G. Shivers, S. Wil
liamson, , E. Searle, H. L. Furnam, G.
Chapman. ;G. Reese, E. Gibson, H. Rehm,
F. ; Larrabaster .. H. Harris, F. • Marshall,
A. Johnson. .
SURVIVORS OF THE SEA DISASTER
RETURN TO THIS CITY ON POMONA
Mayor Johnson spoke briefly. He said
he was' In full sympathy with the intent
of the meeting and expressed similar sen
timents to those given by Bryan, . savins
the .English people generally were opposed
to the war. •'¦<;
The resolutions' passed will be sent to
President Roosevelt. They call attention
to the denunciation by. President McKin
ley of the system of « reconcentration
camps and a. quotation from the Man
chester (England) Guardian of September
last, which states that, a degree of • suf
fering • and ¦ death exists in - these camps
without a parallel in history. .
President Roosevelt • is asked to con
tinue the efforts of ¦ his . predecessor to
bring to ah end the horrors of concentra
tion . camps and a warfare which "by its
unexampled ferocity and enormous 'cost
of life and treasure has astonished the
civilized world.". He is also asked to en
force the treaty of Washington, May 8,
1S71, denying the vesseis operating under
British authority \ opportunity , for.*- tbe
augmentation of supplies, of war from the
United States.
Sad will be that, day, fallen will be the star'
of our destiny, if the time ever comes when
strugsliT.g freemen feel that they cannot' look
upon the people of these States for sympathy.
Bryan, who said* that he was in entire
sympathy with the intent of the meeting
eulogized the fighting ' South 'African
farmers and urged that they continue the
struggle. He further said that he consid
ered it a compliment that the Boers
looked to the United States for aid and
sympathy In their: struggle, and he con-
Fldered it a disgrace that no official ex
pression of sympathy had yet been. made
by this Government.
When the formal- speeches were con
cluded Messrs. Bryan and Johnson ; were
called upon to address the audience.
Bryan spoke for about five minutes, dur
ing which time he said in part: A
The meeting continued for . four hours,
the principal address being delivered by
Hon. John J. Lentz. .
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 5.— Four
thousand people attended a pro-Boer
meeting In Garrey's Armory this after
noon. There was enthusiastic applause
for every expression of sympathy and en
couragement for the struggling Boers. An
unexpected occurrence in the meeting was
the appearance of Hon. W. J. Bryan, who
was In this city for the day as the guest
of Mayor Johnson. When the committee
in charge of the meeting learned that the
Democratic leader was in the city an in
vitation was sent to him and the Mayor
to attend and address the gathering. Both
gentlemen accepted and when, toward the
close of other speeches, Bryan and John- 1
son entered the hall the audience rose en
masse and repeatedly shouted the names
of '"Bryan" and "Johnson" an'd ' greeted
them with hurrahs and handclapplngs.
Upon the stage were seven native Boers,
who had been in some of the early "con
flicts of their countrymen against the
English; forces; They were driven ' from
the country and are now residents of this
city. *r£V;v; '• - - -. : -¦ - : .
tinue the Desperate Struggle
Against the British.
TJrg-es South African Farmers to Con-
BRYAN PRAISES COURAGE "
OF THE FIGHTTN^r BOEES
STEAflER POnONA AND SURVIVORS OF THE WALLA WALLA WRECK
"All during the. first day we rowed to
ward the Mendocino light, but made very
little headway. Strange to say, on the
first day no one thought of eating, at
least none spoke of it. On the first day
we sighted the Dispatch, but could not
make her see us. We made .a flag out of
a red shawl belonging to Miss Peters and
used it to signal with, but we could not
succeed in attracting the attention of the
Dispatch.
• "During the night we suffered very
much from the intense cold and also from
hunger and thirst. We ¦were so hungry
that one orange was divided among the
fourteen of us. I don't know of anything
that ever tasted so good to me as that
little piece of orange. About half past
10 o'clock the next day we were sighted by
the Ranger. When we were . picked up
we -were so exhausted from the intense
cold, hunger and thirst that we could not
stand up. We actually fell when we were
taken aboard the Ranger.
, "The people of Eureka showed us the
greatest kindness. They supplied us with
whatever we needed.: - No care was too
great nor. nothing too good for us. We
certainly passed through - an experience
that I, for one, 1 will never forget."
, "There were fourteen people in the boat
when my husband climbed in. Not more
than twenty minutes after we rowed
away from the side of the Walla Walla
she disappeared from sight. One of the
crew of the. Walla Walla assumed charge
of- our boat and did excellent work.- We
called him our captain and my husband
was his first officer.
"When the collision occurred, the crash
awoke my husband. He immediately
went on deck to see what had happened.
He soon returned and told me to dress as
quickly as possible. I only had time to
put on my skirt, but my husband threw
his overcoat about me as we went to his
mother's stateroom to awaken her.
"I think that Mrs. Stream and myself
were the last women to ' leave the boat.
During the whole accident my husband
acted with the greatest presence of mind.
He assisted me, his mother and Miss Pe
ters into the small boat and would not
leave the sinking. ship until he was sure
that all the women had been taken off.
Mrs. T. W. Stream was profuse in her
praise of her young husband's bravery
during the trying time when the Walla
Walla was settling in the water. In
speaking of the wreck she said:
Mrs. A. F. Stream, mother of the young
groom, is very ill from the hardships
which she endured during the thirty hours
She was adrift In the small boat When
she arrived in this city yesterday she
was completely exhausted and .was forced
to seek her bed.
a shipwreck. After she had re
ceived the caresses and greetings of her
mother, sister and brother she was kept
busy the remainder of the day explaining
her experience to friends who thronged
her mother's home at 589 Haight street.
Her husband, Thomas W. Stream, and
his mother returned with her on the Po
mona to this city. Nothing daunted -by
the disaster the young couple will take
passage to-day on the Umatilla, a sister
ship of the Walla Walla, for their future
home in Tacoma.
A JOYOUS welcome was extended
yesterday, on the arrival of the
Pomona, to ¦ Mrs. Thomas W.
Stream, the young bride whose
fortune it was. to have her wed
ding journey interrupted by
Mrs. Thomas W. Stream
Has Occasion to Re
member Bridal Trip.
WILL NEVER
FORGET HER
EXPERIENCE
"We were a sorry looking lot of people
when day dawned," said Daly; with a
ghudder. "The men were haggard and
poor Mrs. Williams looked ; as If .she
might faint at any moment. * The waves
dashed over us every minute, tialf drown -
ing us. Following the drenching we re-
Woman" Encourages' the Men.
The sight of the sun rising in crimson
glory in the east encouraged the half
drowned castaways to renew their flag
ging efforts,, and the hope of being res
cued, which had almost died in their
breasts, was revived.
"One man came to our raft and held on
for a time, and when he said he was too
exhausted to hold on any longer we
dragged . him aboard. .He suffered horri
oiy from the cold and exposure."
The struggle for life was now begun.
It was very dark and those huddled on
the raft clung to the slats to keep them
selves from being washed overboard in
the heavy swell which prevailed. Daly
states that many of his comrades in mis
fortune were thinly clad and their suffer
ings grew momentarily. The instincts of
gallantry were not ignored in the hour
of their supreme misfortune and the men
placed Mrs. Williams in their midst and
sought to protect her as far as possible
from the chill wind that lashed the waves
to gTeater fury. Mrs. Williams wore her
night gown, she having been unable to
dress in the excitement following the col
lision. But, drenched as the wrecked
passengers were, the question of cloth
ing was of little moment. The main prob
lem was how to keep from being. washed
away into the swirling waters which like
ravening beasts of prey threatened them.
The men encouraged one another to be
brave and never let go their hold; but the
woman sat silent, not a word escaping
her until dawn.
Swimmer Clings to Baft.
Daly related the story of his sufferings
to a Call reporter "yesterday/ ; He Is only
a and says he will never forget his ex
perience if he lives to be 'a.- thou
sand years old. He had been on
a. visit to friends in San Fran
cisco and was on his way home. He"
was lying on his bunk, unable to sleep,
when the crash which was to usher so
many to eternity came. He immediately
rose and dressed himself, wondering tne
while what had happened. On the deck
he inQuired of a mghtened passenger
what was wrong and was informed tnat
there had been a collision and that the
\\alla Walla was" sinking. He made out
the lines of the French bark which had
caused the damage just as she was dis
appearing in the gloom westward.
•The snip began to sink rapidly after
the collision," said Daly. "Naturally
every one was looking out for himself,
fortunately the officers were cool and
under the orders of Captain Hall the con
tusion gave way to order, in which ex
cellent work was done. I managed to
secure a place on a life raft just before
the vessel went down. There were eight
pople on our raft, including one woman,
Mrs. Williams of Victoria, and our com
bined weight sent the raft down so that
we sat waist deep in water. We saw
many people swimming in the water
about us after the ship made her fatal
plunge, but how the most of them fared
1 hare no means of knowing.
and seven others, who with him
clung to a life raft for eleven hours,
every minute of which was a struggle
against death in the waves, which dashed
over them ceaselessly from, the time . they
embarked upon the frail structure until
they were picked up by the Dispatch and
conveyed to Eureka.
THE disaster that befell the Walla
Walla has furnished many thrill
ing stories of hardship and suf
fering-, but none endured greater
, torments than F. W. Daly, a
drug clerk "of Everett, Wash.,
i ceived came a cold wind that froze us to
the marrow. We looked for a sail, but
for several hours saw none. We could
see nothing: but the sea rushing down
upon us as if it wanted to swallow us
alive. One man , wanted to jump over
board, and we had difficulty in restrain
ing: him. About 10 o/ clock we saw -a sail,
but it was far off and our hails could not
reach it, I suppose. Then we saw two
other sails, but we were so low down in
the water that even the most" careful
lookout on a ship could scarcely see us.
About 2 o'clock we saw smoke and pretty,
soon- the Dispatch came in. sight. ¦ "Ah,
how we did .shout and clasp, each: other's
hands when we found her bearing down
upon us! I think that moment repaid the
most of us for the terrible sufferings we
had unedrgone, sitting waist deep on a
wave-washed raft for nearly twelve
hours. Many of our party were so ex
hausted they could hardly keep from cry
ing like children. Mrs. Williams was the
bravest of all of us, I believe..- She talked
to us encouragingly and in every 'way
showed that she was made of the right
stun*. The poor woman must have • suf
fered untold agony, as her pinched face
and deep-set . eyes indicated, ¦ but to hear
her talk you would have thought we' were
on a pleasure trip. When we were taken
aboard the Dispatch we were nearly done
for, as you may- imagine, 1 - but :¦ certainly
there weren't eight more thankful people
than ourselves on the face of the globe.
It was an awful experience for all of us,'
and I sincerely, hope -I may never pass
through the like again."
Daly leaves for Everett on the steamer
TJmatilla to-day. - -. - - - —
PASS THE NIGHT ON RAFT
SWEPT BY WIND AND WAVE
F, W. Daly of Everett and Seven Others, Includ
ing a Woman, Fight Eleven Hours Against
Impending Death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1902.
2
Medicnl works agree that Bright's dlseace
and diabetes are Incurable, but 87 per cent are
positively recovering und«r the Fulton Com-
pounds. (The commoner; forms of kidney com-
plaints offer but short «-sJstance.> Price *1 for
the Bright' 3 Disease and «1.5o for the Diabetic
Compound. One druggist in each city wlU
carry it. Address Jotn J. Fulton Co., 4:>o
Montgomery st.' San FrancUco. ' Descriptive
pamphlet mailed ires, j
Q. — What do you thinl; now of the curability
of Bright's disease and diabetes?
A. — Cures await tho»j who will take thesa
compounds for a sufficient length of time.
A. — A lady friend In tVindsor. Sonoma coun-
ty, was Swollen with dropay, and I sent her'
the Bright's Disease Compound, the second
dozen completely restoring her. ;
A. — One was a Mrs. I)., a friend of ours in
the country. Her trouble wa3 Bright" % disease.
She, too. recovered.
V Q. — Any other?
Q. — Caa you recall any you told about It?
A. — About a. year.
A. — Several. * The kidr-eys were also affected.
I had to sleep with my hand under by back to
sustain me so I could rest.
Q.— How long before you began to improve?
A.— It took hold slowly— it must have been
several weeks.
Q. — How long before you were fully restored?
A. — Only those cured can believe easily. Tou
will have great dirflculty in making people be-
lieve it.
' Q. — Had physicians diagnosed your case as
diabetes?
Adolph TTeske, the well-known pioneer of
020 Green street, one of the founders of the
California. . Cracker Company, Interviewed De-
cember 11. 1901:
Q.— Will you permit us to refer to you as one
of those cured of dlabetas by the Fulton Com-
pounds?
A. — Tou may. It oustt to be known. I have
told a great many about It myself.
Q. — You found it hard to convince them?
Briulit's Disease and DlaUetes
Are Positively CuMDle.
A PIONEEft
MERCHANT
CHUTNEY sSAXJCE
i Nothing '? Fcrfi»sh i
better jj|j^|| Wk |,
• Nothing p^liyi i5*&.25< |
isasjood |||§ltPij Allfrocer; *}
atw KR-TTgRiyrTrNprs.% CAPTAIN A. L. HALU WHO COMMANDED THE WALLA WALLA.
* HONOLULU, Dec. 28.— Frank - D. Haskell.
who was sentenced to ' two years' - hard > labor
by. Judge Humphreys for t larceny, : has" been
pardoned by : Governor Dole. , The.Dardon'was
conditioned on HaEkell's leaving the country. :
I permanent cure. It will surprise you the way it I
j does its work. Price. 25c and 50c, at druggists I
; or by mall. Salva-cea, 274 Canal 8t.,, : N.Y., 1
No matter whether they are blind, bleeding or
Itching, It will give instant relief and! effect a
For Piles Try Salva-cea.
Mininsr Pronertv Changs "FTn/nris.
. EUREkX, ; Jan. 5.— The -well ; known
beach * mining property; at „ Gold : . Bluff,*
owned by; John- Chapman, has; just been
sold ; to , a ;: company, of : ; Eastern • people,
composed "of Hon. ; ; Sturges • Whitlock '' and
daughters ' of : Darby, Conn.;Hart D.' Mun
son of : New Haven, » Conn.,- andfothera
hold , smaller; shares." D|pe ; price < paid <s
said . to ; be ( $50,000. ¦ Fif ty/Jhousand s dollars
more » will \ be . expended .; ill . improvementa.*
The . mine J has » been rurilhing j since '¦¦ the
early, days \ of; the » county's s history. - The
gold is : deposited In a high jbluff near ithe
ocean and . is washed down by the * water
as It strikes the bluff at high tide. . *
HONOLULU, H. T., Dec. 2S.— The bill
Introduced in Congress by Delegate Wil
cos, providing for a national leper, settle
ment on the island ot Molokai, .was" a sur
prise here, as the matter had not been
discussed in Hawaii since Congressman
Kahn of California proposed a similar
scheme a year ago. At that time the plan
aroused strong opposition In Hawaii and
it Is now criticised with- equal vigor.
Object to Leper Colony Bill.
¦_;~Ambng^ those .who attended ; the ¦ meeting
fwere*»W.1 S.'Taylor, "Adjutant General'Col
lier," Dr.-; James (now United 3 States Mar
shal : at Louisville),' Dr. i T." H.^ Baker (now
postmaster at Louisville),! Senator. Deboe s
D." "W.v Fairlelgh, r , Alexander ' P. Hum
¦ phrey; ; Basil W. - Duke, ? Thomas ?,"W. Bul
litt,"John'M.'Atherton and: others. . - '
It Is believed' that, the^Galt House meet
ing, r discussed ; means ' to I enable Governor
Taylor to retain his offlce.*snHMnMBHf
LOUISVILLE, ; Ky.-, 'Jan. 5.— The Cou
rier. Journal; to-morrow; will say : : Senator
Deboe,- former Lieutenant Governor John
Marshall t and ;' David ..W. ;: Falrleigh have
; been summoned to' appear before .-'the
Franklin ; County ; j Grand Jury j Monday ' to
tell [the » details, ; it ¦ is ; said/ of a secret
meeting . that was held at ¦, the Gait • House,
in t Louisville, j& * short •: .time : i before '¦ "... the"
shooting of Goebel and during the contest
before the: General Assembly. ';
/« The ; meeting 5 was ¦ held in ; the parlors - of
the'Galt* House and those who were pres
ent observed 'the strictest secrecy. •'.
The armed revolutionary steamer Llber
tador, which left Fort-de-France on " De
cember 31 for the Venezuelan. coast with
General Matos and 300 volunteers - and " a
cargo of, munitions of -war, is now report
ed to have been successful in landing her
men and war material- in Venezuela, near
Rio Chico. , . •
Almost all the Venezuelan revolutionists'
who have lately been here have left this
island to join the "insurgent bodies in
Venezuela. \.\ .
WILLEMSTAD, Curacao, Jan. B.-A re
port has reached here that last; evening a
bomb was exploded . in c the ._ residence < at
Caracas of the Venezuelan Mlnlster^of Fi
nance, Tello Mendoza. The explosion
wrecked a considerable portion of the
house, but no one ,was injured. • The at
tempt has caused considerable excitement
in Caracas. ~- . - •
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T., ! Jan. 5.—
Near Earlsboro this morning two Choc
j taw, Oklahoma and Gulf freight trains
j met in a head-end' collision, smashing. up
j and badly damaging both engines and a
number of cars. Joseph Add-, and two
other negroes who were stealing a ride
were killed. The collision was caused by.
t an eastbound train disobeying orders and
not staying at Earlsboror Traffic was de
layed five hours.
Freight Trains in Collision.
Franklin County Grand
Jury Summons Sev
eral Witnesses.
of Fihance.
Attempt Made to Kill
Venezuelan Minister
STILL PROBING
GOEBEL MURDER
SAFE-CRACKERS ATTEMPT,
. TO ROB RAILROAD DEPOT
UseNitrb-Glycerln/on Strong. Box at
Crockett, biit Fail to Open;
Inner Door. ''¦'. -\ .{-
CROCKETT) Jan. 5.— An attempt was
made early, this morning to rob the safe
of the .Southern Pacific" Company, in
the depot = here.- ; The outer door of
the safe was blown off its hinges by
nitro-glycerin and an attempt ; was > then
made on the inner, door. .The: force' of
the glycerin separated the two ' inner
plates,, but did not force -the inner '. door.
But" little' money was kept ' in the safe,
as .the; company invariably sends the
money away on the evening express. '• *-
It is: evident from the general demoli
tion. of: the office i that an overcharge of
nitro-glycerin was used. , The counter was
badly shattered and the .windows broken.
All .: about the safe .were evidences of a
powerful explosion., which was heard j by
several residents of the town.
Caps were found in the office of the Ice
house 200 feet distant and also some fuae
and'a'.whisky>flask." . ; . . . ; . ¦ i
SAN JOSE, Jan. 5.— Rev. Francis Palm
er of Philadelphia, one of the most prom
inent clergyman in Pennsylvania, has ac
cepted a call to fill the pulpit of the First
Presbyterian Church in this city. The en
gagement is but for a month, but at the
end of that time It is almost certain he
will be selected to fill the vacancy caused
by the recent resignation of Rev. Dr. J.
W. Dlnsmore. Rev. Palmer is a graduate
of Princeton. Although a young man he
has? filled prominent pulpits in Ohio and
Pennsylvania.
Receives . a Call to San Jose.
A. B. i'aclellan, a. traveling: salesman
for Murp&y, Grant & Co., who was on his
way to Alaska, says that the life boat
into which he and eleven others were low
ered was unplugr&ed and that she came
within ar ace of sinking: and placing her
bitfnan freight at the mercy of the waves.
Maclellan also returned on' the Pomona
and is at the Lick. Maclellan describes
his experience in the following interview:
"As socn as the collision occurred I
dressed hurriedly and went on deck, where
they wer-s about to lower a. 'life boat. -I
did not Intend to get in, but some sailor
pushed me bodily into it and it was low
ered almost instantly.
"We ha.d no sooner struck the water
than we v/ere In imminent danger of being
smashed against the side of the Walla
walla by the waves and the wind, •which
¦was blowing a gale. We were buffeted this
way and that and nearly collided with
two other life ' boats had been
iaunched simultaneously with ours.
"I paic but little attention to the
v.recked steamer, though I noticed that
she was slinking- rapidly. I then recog
nized that a new danger confronted us, for
our boat pas half filled with water. I be
gan to bail her out at once, but made lit
tle headway, as the water rapidly, gained
in height.
"At that moment a sailor named C.
ivlachio -was sliding down the rope from
the steamer's Fide. As he was half down
r.is grip relaxed and he fell head foremost
into the water. He came to the surface
alongside our beat and we hauled him
aboard, lie knew immediately what the
trouble with our. boat was. He informed
us that the plugs had not been put in dur
ing the excitement. He knew where the
plugs wers located on the boat and secur
ing them 3)e quickly rammed them in their
places. His quick action no doubt saved
us from being swamped and from , almost
certain drowning. He set to ¦work bailing
out the beat and succeeded in keeping the
water at a low level, though she leaked
A. B. EEadellaa Tells How- a Sailor
Who Was Hauled on Board
Saved Twelve People
Prom Drowning.
ONE LIFE BOAT
IS U&PLUGGED
HONOLULU, Dec. 28.— Hawaii has
been visited by a heavy rainstorm which,
at one point, is thought to have been a
record breaker. Unofficial reports from
Papaaloa, island of Hawaii, state that last
"Wednesday forty Inches of rain fell in
twenty-four hours. Professor Lyons of,
the Government observatory says that
this is a world's record, but he discredits
the report. From another district a fall
of ten inches in five hours is reported.
Record-Breaking 1 Rainfall.'
Captain Shea of the Pomona says that when- Captain' Hall
came aboard at Eureka the - crowd at the wharf , gave., him
three cheers. ¦ ¦ " . , '
" "I was on- the bridge when, the ship went down. To toll
you the honest truth, I didn't know the end was so near. I
was watching the launching, of the boats "and life rafts, and
whenshe began to settle I realized that all was over.: I yelled
to the i. last \ boat j to push "off * and then down ; we went bow
first. I thought' we would never stop going down, and then I
came up again with a part of a. hatch under me. That kept
mer'afloat. until I reached a life raft and was later put in a
lifebjftit.. ' . ' ' -
*T wonder If Nuttman and ; Crosby were saved? Crosby,; I
kno«4 'was lii the engine room and ordered the .port boilers
blow*! down as soon as we were struck. .Nuttman was in the
saloon anil, among the passengers' rooms during the whole
excitement, and the last I saw. of .him was when he was help
ing a woman- over the side. Cecil .Brown, one of my officers,
went down: the rope ladder with a woman hanging around his
neck. Everybody behaved well and none deserves praise above
the other." . ' '
No Warning of the End.
deck, and before the quartermaster could tell me what had
happened I Was on the bridge and sounding the alarm. Chief
Engineer Crosby went to the\engine room in his pajamas
and Purser Nuttman went to the social hall, where he did. a
manly part In allaying the excitement. 'Tell '.you. what, old
man, it was the greatest crew fEat ever manned a ship. There
was not a coward in the .whole bunch/ Every mother's son
of them stuck to his post, and it is due to them that so few
lives were lost. r ¦ • .
BOMB EXPLODES
IN RESIDENCE
"I. was In bed and sound asleep when the crash came. The
second mate was In charge of the deck, but it did not require
him to make a report in order to let m« know what' was,
doing. The Frenchman's prow had shoved my bed -across "the!
"What's the use of talking about the accident? The In
spectors of Hulls and Boilers will look into that, and I sup
pose we all will be on the gridiron. All I can tell you is that
we .left here on New Year's day for Puget Sound. Early in the
morning of the 2d there came a crash and I was thrown clear,
across my room. My bed was on tlie port side of the ship,
and that was the place, the Frenchman struck ; us. We. were
bound north and the sailing vessel was on the starboard tack.
What she was bound inshore for heaven only! knows.
Crash in Captain's Cabin.
-? •"- ' V : '
NEVER mind me; let me say a word for my crew,"
said Captain "Andy" Hall yesterday as he stepped
ashore from the Pomona. - .V>
"Don't you dare say a word about me, but give
the boys all the credit. There was not a coward in
the entire. ship's crew. Every man was at his post
and not one deserted it. I've lost my ship, but I'm
proud of the fact that every man under me was where his
duty called him when the ship was in danger.
"One of the rules of the company is that a weekly fire
drill must be held. Strange to say, we had a fire drill the day
we left San Francisco. We had ten lifeboats on the Walla
Walla, and of these two were smashed in the collision. When
the alarm came six were launched, while every life raft was
got over the side. There was absolutely no- confusion,; and
my men worked as though the vessel was alongside the dock.
REDDING, Jan. 5.— A change has taken
place in local mining circles that comes
as a great surprise to "many and is of
interest to mining men of the State and
elsewhere. Austin H. Brown, general
manager of Captain J. R. de la Mar's Bul
ly Hill mining and smelting plant in this
county, has accepted and been appointed
general manager for the Trinity Copper
Company, a Boston company which is in
stalling a. 750-ton copper : smelting plant
near Kennett. Brown will retain his em
ployment with Captain de la Mar and act
as consulting engineer for his copper
smelting operations at Bully Hill. The
appointment was made Saturday even-
Ing at the offices of the Trinity Copper
Company at Kennett by Managing Direc
tor Louis Auerbach of Boston and is to
take effect immediately. It was made
with the knowledge' of Captain de la Mai
and no friction between the big companies
will result. ..'I ' ., :..-;
-Hew Manager for the Smelters.
Officers and Seamen of the Walla Walla Credited With Behavior
Most Admirable in the Dreadful Hour of Shipwreck.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Jan. 5.— Two Deputy
Sheriffs left here this afternoon for the
White Pacheco country to investigate the
murder of George Bryan, who was found
dead in his cabin this morning j with a
bullethole. in his head." He had a double
barreled shotgun in his hand, leading to
the belief that he was attacked and was
defending himself when shot. Bryan lived
alone in the cabin, about fourteen miles
northeast of Hot Springs Junction, near
the White Pacheco Mountains, where he
was engaged In the stock business. There
is no clew to the murderer or murderers.
Whether he was murdered by some enemy
or for the purpose of robbery is not
known. The body was found by a neigh
bor. *
by an Enemy or by Bobbers
Is Not Known.
Whether the Murder Was Committed
STOCKMAN FOUN3> SHOT
. TO DEATH IN HIS CABIN
"My experience In the lifeboat was that
of everybody else that got ashore, so
there is no use speaking about that. I'm
glad to be home and when I take a trip
again I'll go by land." C~? '
"We had a rough experience and we
were all lucky to get ashore alive. I don't
know anything about how the collision oc
curred. I ran on deck and saw the
Frenchman going astern and then I saw
the Walla Walla all crashed up forward,
so I ran back and got my. wife and - we
grabbed what little clothes we could and
put them on and then grot into a. lifeboat.
E. Stern and wife were aboard the same
boat in which were Miss Rose Peters, the
Streams family and Mrs. Meydenbauer.
Mr. Stern said:
Freight Clerk Dan Hogan of the Walla
Walla looked worn and* weary when he
stepped off the Pomona yesterday. He
had a terrible experience with a liferaf t.
He was benumbed and chilled through
and through when the Dispatch picked
him and his companions up, but after get
ting a suit of dry clothes on Hogan. set
to work' making" the company's passen
gers as comfortable as he could. . - - . ',
When the survivors landed at Eureka
there .was work for aa the remaining offi
cers of the ship and the bulk of the run
ning around fell to Hogan. He worked
without sleep for forty-eight hours, com
piling lists of the saved and' injured and
helped Captain Hall attend to the many
wants of his shipwrecked passengers.
When Hogan stepped off the Pomona
he was a nervous wreck and he was or
dered home to get a well-earned and
much-needed rest.
said: . ¦•; ';.
"As soon as the collision occurred and I
saw the steamer begin to settle I . ran
down to my brother's room and woke him
up. \ He started to dress hurriedly, ana
thinking: he would get away all right I
left him and started out to see if 1 could
help out some of the women.
"On the deck I found Mrs. Edgar, who
had her ribs crushed in the crash. She
was in a terrible state of pain and fright,
so I directed all my attention to her. I
got her. into one of the boats and then
went back to my brother's room to see
if he was dressed. He was not there. I
hear that he made a wild leap for one of
the boats and I am afraid he was
drowned." • : f, : , -- .¦-¦:'¦¦
George Relss was one of the sorrowing
survivors who reached port on the .Po
mona, Edgar Reiss, a brother of the
former, was lost in the wreck and George
believes that he was drowned while try-
Ing to jump from the main deck of the
Walla Walla to one of the lif eraf ts. Mr.
Reiss
Hardship Due to the Long
Exposure and Pri
vation.
Survivors Recite Stories of Physical
TELL OF AGONY
AND SUFFERING
O'Leary speaks in the highest terms of
the conduct of Captain Hall and the of
ficers under his charge for their conduct
during the trying time. O'Leary will make
a report of his experiences to the Pacific
Coast BU:amship Company to-day.
"The p«»ple of Trinidad took us to the
hotel anc provided for us as best they
could. Those who came in on the boat
were a baker named Marshall, two pas
sengers named W. L. Smith and More
house, Billy Sheehan and McClellan, fire
men; Chiirlee Brown, the third assistant
engineer, and myself. As soon as possible
we were sent on to Arcata. When we
reached liiere a committee of citizens
came to meet us and wanted to turn the
entire town over to us. They offered us
money ar d everything else, and then sent
mb on to Eureka, where the same recep
tion was given us. They could not do too
much for us. They fitted us with clothes
and ever:rthing- else, placing the entire
contents of a big store at our disposal.
Is one of tis had any money, but the com
mittee hsd plenty to give to every man.
I want t> take off my hat to the people
cf ArcaUt. and Eureka for the treatment
given us."
"Third Assistant Engineer Brown took
charge, but he left the sailing of the boat
to me, and I put in for Trinidad. We
picked up the buoy off Trinidad light
about midnight of Thursday. Some of the
passengers wanted to go for the shore at
once, but Brown and I determined to lay
to till daylight. We made fast to the
buoy and rigged a cover for the boat out
of the blanket. We laid together on the
thwarts is close as we could until morn-
Ing.
, "At 7 o'clock Friday morning we start
ed for the beach. Brown steered and I
took the oars. As we neared the shore a
man from the stable showed us the
easiest way to get to the beach. We made
the landing all right and pulled the boat
¦up on the beach. "We were twenty-nine
hours oui- For four hours we were cap
sized, and for four hours we were tied up
at the buoy. All we had to eat was some
crackers, the water keg having broken
loose from its lashings.
¦7"igil in Frail Craft.
"One o:f the passengers grabbed me by
the 'dicer' I wore when we went over
either the second or third time. As it was
everybody for himself, I ducked and went
under the boat. He let go and I came up
on the other side. I managed then to get
the boat lighted, and stood on the thwarts
telling the others to balance the boat. I
began to bail it out with my 'dicer,' and
you otrgfct to see that hat when I got
through. It had no shape at all.
"The next man lost was one of the pas
sengers. He wore a black suit and was a
6ufferer from rheumatism. He went down
quickly. The boat was again righted and
the pass«!ngers clung to the sides. Over
went the boat again, and two more pas
6engers jjave up their hold on the keel
end dropped into the sea. One of these
managed to grab the bow of the boat. He
was a strong, stout, line-looking fellow
End made a hard fight for life, but he
could not stand the buffeting of the
waves.
••Then i.here was a passenger wearing a
preen sweater who made another hard
fight. Il<: clung on for an hour or more,
but finally gave up the struggle and went
down. Wilson, the quartermaster, was
praying- all the time, and although he
made a desperate attempt to swim, en
cumbered as he was with his oilskins and
rubber boots, he at last went down.
"At 11:51 o'clock on Thursday— that Is
the time by all the watches that stopped—
¦when we were about fifteen miles from
chore, with Wilson steering the boat, he
turned her into the wind and a sea caught
us on the after-quarter. The boat turned
over and then righted herself. All clung
to her, and we were again thrown oft.
The first man who was lost dropped right
off the keel. Two men with life-preservers
on were caught under the boat and died
from Buflocation underneath her airtight
compartments. Bartel was the first man
drowned. His life-preserver suffocated
Overturning of tlie Boat.
"When the collision occurred I was
asleep, a.ad knew nothing of what hap
pened prior to the time I was awakened.
I heard the crash and ran to my station
at boat 7. I heard the captain give orders
to man f.ie boats. I got my oilskins and
rubber boots and some, old clothes. I
found boat 7 manned and then started
across the deck for No. 6. I cut the lash-
Ings of tHis boat and got 'in with twelve
others. 2'ohn Wilson, quartermaster, was
in charge:.
"Captain Hall gave orders for all boats
to start .lor the French bark, which was
to leewaxd. We chased the French bark
for four miles; we hallooed at her, but
could not get any response. We saw her
SQuare her calls and draw away. Then
¦we all decided to start for land. < We
rigged a Jurv-sail out of an old blanket
that happened to be in the boat, and after
6aillng for three and a half hours saw the
Dispatch, which was too far to leeward
for the p«»ple on it to see us. We contin
ued to keep in for shore.
teen six were drowned before
a landing was made near Trinidad light
house. Tiie others were successfully land
ed on the beach through the excellent sea
manship of O'Leary, who through twen
ty-six hours of incessant toil and hard
ship directed the course of the boat.
O'Leary gives the following account of
the perilous voyage:
- ILX.IAM O'LEART, a s«a.-
T man on the "Walla "VTalla, was
wk fA f one of the survivors of boat
Vj %/ No. 6, which when It left the
W W Walla Walla contained thlr
» » teen passengers. Of the thir-
Seaman William O'Leary Tells a Thrilling Story
of Disasters to the Boat That Reached
the Shore Near Trinidad.
"Too much praise cannot be accorded to
Captain Johnson and his crew, who gave
up their ewn clothing for our comfort. As
for Captain Hall, should I ever have to
travel the route on which he has a steam
er I will always wait for his vessel."
considerably. He tried to make the Men
docino light and I pulled on the oars until
my palms were badly blistered. We
stopped rowing after 'awhile and drifted.
After six hours uncertainty the Dispatch
came to our rescue. i
SEES HIS COMPANIONS
PERISH IN STORMY SEA
BOY BRAVELY RISKS HIS LIFE
TO SAVE THAT OF HIS MOTHER
-followed the collision young
Meydenbauer's first thought was for the
safety of his mother. A lifeboat was Just
about to leave the - Walla "Walla, which
was fast settling in the ocean,. when the
boy ?led his mother j along .the deck to
where the - lifeboat was tossing '¦, on the
swell below. The seaman in charge saw
the mother and her brave son and shout
ed that there was only room for one per
son." • ;. ; . • . " • * . .-.
.¦ ?'Then take my, mother,' and I'll stay."
shouted young Meydenbauer.T The seamen
rharveled.at his' courage,; and - they \ took
Mrs; Meydenbauer aboard and left Albert
7 v 5 * ¦ , LBERX METOENBAUER Jr.,
A • aged 15 years, whose home is in
; ' /» • ;'; ? Seattle, displayed a courage
' Ljgk: that is not often ; found In a
/ l&k/ small boy. During the terrible
~ 'moments of excitement that
Youthful Alfe^^ydenbauer Acts the Part of
a Hero on the Deck of the Sinking
to shift for himself. She waved her son
good -by and then began crying for his
Sa «'Let that kid alone. He'll get off all
right." shouted a gruff old seadog. who
had seen at a. glance what/kind of stuff
there was in the boy, and Mrs. Meyden
bauer evidently thought the old sailor was
light, for _.she allowed herself to be
calmed. ,_ V'\_
Meydenbauer ran to the upper declc.
where some of the crew were trying lo
unfasten one of the life rafts. He watched
the operation calmly, and when the cre"w
fourfd.that they could not handle the raft
he ¦ went down on the main v decfc again
and hunted up and down for a raft to
clamber aboard. He found one of the few
that stm lay alongside and got aboard of
Modest Little Fellow, i
The brave little fellow smiled, and
"HEROES, EVERY MAN OF THEM!" SAYS HALL
THE SAN FKAMdSCO CAliL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1902; ;
ILL-STARRED STEAMER'S MASTER
LAUDS CONDUCT OF HIS CREW
Continued on Page Five.
3
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAUERS -WILL. LEAVE -WHARF. COR-
ner^ First and Brannan etreets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, "calling at
Kobe (HIoko), Nagasaki . and Shanghai and
connecting, at HonckonK with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of catling. -
ES. : AMERICA MARU ........
>•*¦' i Saturday. January 4th. 1902
BS. HONQKONO MARU...................
¦ t... ........ ..Thursdar. January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
.....Tuesday. February 23tn. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fretpht and passage apply at company's otn^e.
421 Market utreet. corner Flrst.
: -¦¦•-- ..,: W. - H.". AVERT. General Agent.
_ AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOaK. SOUTHAMPTON, LOS DON, PARIS,
Stopping at" Cherbours 1 .* westbound.
From • New York* Wednesdays at ¦ 10 a. m.
St.'Ix)Uis ...Jan. K*5t." Louis..;. ...Feb. B
Philadelphia .. .Jan. 221 Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
St. Paul........ Jan. 29lSt. Paul.....r,Feb. 1»
RED STAR LINE.
,New York and" Antwerp.
From New Tort :, Wednesdays at ' 12 . noon.
Friesland"...'. .'.Jan.' 15 Kensington ....Feb. 5
Southwark ....Jan. 1'i Zeeiand .......Feb. 12
Vauerland : .v:-. Jan. 29 Haverford .....Feb. Vi
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. " :
: . CHAS.»D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st-'
SS. ' ZEALlA.NDIA, f or \ Tahiti . . . '.:..... ,~
...'.'......".; : ..;.. .TAbout Jan. 12.'" '02
SS." VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck- . -
land and Sydney. . .Thurs., Jan. 16. 10 a.' m."
SS. ALAMEDA, ,. for Honolulu
... ;v. ........ Saturday, 1 Jan. 25, . '02, 2 p. m.
J. D. SPHECKELS k BROS. CO., Gmerai Agaals. 327 Mariei St
fen'i Passangsr OSes, 643 Marttf St, Hkr Bo. 7. Paeife St
C0MPAGNI3 GENEEALl THANSATUINTIQC3
UfRECTA LTNB ; TO HAVRE-PARIS - '. _• - Z
Sailing every Thursday, Instead ol v *?iftT5Si
• Saturday.', at 10 a. m., from pier 42. «aS«EZs3
North River, foot of Morton streetTWflBHHIH
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Secon.l
class to - Havre. $45 ' and upward. - = GENERAL'
AGENCT S FOR - UI«TED STATES and CAN-
ADA. ¦ 32 - Broadway - (Hudson • bulldlns).' ¦ New
York. vJ. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
'Agents, 6 ; Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
.Tickets aold by; all Railroad Ticket. Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, -Central
and South American ports. Sailing fron How-
ard a, pier 10, 12 m. MiBI
SANTIAGO.. . . .Jan. ». GUATEMAI*A.Feb. 15
TTJCAPEL. ... .Jan.. 23 JPALEXA
•These steamers are built expressly for On- :
t r al and ' South American passenger ' service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) ¦ Freight
and ¦ passenger office. 31« California street "
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. AiPnta.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia .. Sud Afnsricana de Veporsi
PANAMAl R. S£-
TO.N£W' YORK VIA PANAMA DIREGf.
"CablD^JlOS; Steerage. J40; Meals Fr«e.
S.S.An^yH ,..-, 'rails Tuesday, Jan. 2J
S. S. Leelanaw t nils Monday, Feb. ii
S.' S. Argyll " * mils Monday, Mar. 3
. From Howard-street wharf it ! p. n.
Krelsbt aud Passenstr Office.* 330 Market st.
, F. K. CONNOR, t Pacific Coast Ager.*.
Only Steamship Xtixme to
PORTLAND. Or.,
And SW 1 - Rail I-'ne fr-m Port'anc! to all
points East. Throufth Ticket* to «H
• poin 1 "^. •»' • r=« 5 l o« steam -hip rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS . NCLUDS B^RTi and HEAL3.
SS. COLUMEIA Sails Jan. 3. 13, 23
RS. GEO. W. ELDER Sail* .Jan. 9, 13. 23
Steamer 'sails from foot of Spear st.. II a. m. .
D. y?. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Monts"y. S.F.
O R & N.CO.
Ports in Mexico.
A dellshtful "Winter Trip. Only $60. Includ-
\ng Meals and Berth, for the Round Trip. Pa-
dflc Coast Steamship Company's Steamer Cu-
racao, salllnc- from San Francisco,. Tuesday.
January 7th," due back January 27th, will call
at the following Mexican ports: Sn*enada.
Magdalena Bay, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan,
Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia and Guaymas.
For further particulars Inquire at , Ticket
Office, No. 4 New Monteomery St.. or No. 10
Market St.. San Frandaco.
Excursion .Rates
SPECIAL
". r\. Makes eye-glasses and^
spectacles to order at moder-
ate cost. Expert mechanics ,
to do the work.
.For other eye troubles
consult your oculist.
' j 642 M AR KELT- 5tJ
DIREGTORY
OF -RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
/on Application.
CO AY,, COKE AND PIG IRON.
\ C UIT * n\ 90 ° Battery Street.
J« I- fflLJUn.U W J'. ..Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT. MEATS.
11C DftVECtm Shipping Butchers, 104
JAj- dUICORWU Clay. Tel. Mam 1294.
OILS..
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1710.
printing. .¦¦;• :
EC- HUGHES it ,£%£%:. s. f.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE.HICKS-JUDD CO.. •
23 First street. San FrancNco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 S Steamers leave Broadway
K&v, ' JVha'rfe San Francisco:
LJ*l!5*iL For Alaskan ports-. — 11 a.
CT^N^ m.. Jan - 1. °- u - 10 - 21 - 2(J -
KWwjaBi 31. Feb. 5. Change to com-
' r*?^*"^^^^ pany's steamers at :3eitt!e.
1 •^Sf*?*t«r^3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
A^^iSl^isi C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
• *" Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
Jan 1 6. 11.116. 21. 26. 31. Feb. 5. Changa
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or T«coma.
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Sar.ta Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo {Ia* An-
gelesi — steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of CaL. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Montert-y, San Simeon- Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). (Gavlota. Bonlta only).
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. East San
Pedro. San Pedro (Newport, Bonlta enly>.
For Er.senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ' L '_ "- -".-"' '
For further informatloTT obtain tta com-
pany's folders.
The company reserves the rlKht to chantr*
steamers, calling days and hours of sallln*
without previous notice. WSMh
TICKTCT OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
JO Market st., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR U. S. KAYY-YAR) AND YALLtJ)
Staunm - GSJf. FRISBI S or HOKTIOSLL )
9:45 *. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. cxcett Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a.m.; 12:30 noon. 8 p. m. I exeeo:
Sunday. -Sunday.., T a.- m.. 4 ;15 p. m. I'are 5ii
cents. TeleDhone Main 1608. : Landlni' and
of flee. ? pier • 2, •• Mission-street ' 4ocs- lUTCM
BROS. *"***-**
Q brittle and tender, so in every
l^ way delicious, are only possible f i^
by using The H-O Co.'s Pancake
Flour, combination of rice, corn and j
wheat flour, ready to use.THRILLING TALES OF RESCUE BY SURVIVORS
THE VsANl FRANCISCO */ CALL; MONDAY, eTANUARY:y6^ 19Q2;f
4
-sThe. sugar-cane Is: a variety :.-of • grass
whose .saccharine, properties, have been |
eeveloped'.by-cultlvation: - ]
John; Shiel. ;one. of : the "six survivors
brought; in by the -Nome City Saturday
night, was almost himself again- yester
day. He suffered considerably from the
effects of salt water on nis' legs which
were swollen to an, abnormal size. Shiel
escaped- from the vessel in pajamas and
a coat and hat. He got on one or two
rafts before he* landed on the one from
which he was rescued. - .v^WMBWP
. vWhen-I Jumped into the ;water." he
sah)/ last- night,' "there were three' rafr^
together.- I got on a raft with Lupp and
we picked. up a .young woman about 21
years of. age. dressed „ only Jn her night
gown. . She was the one that was passed
from raftto raft until placed In the life
boat; She: was lifted Into ; the ..'boat, but
.three or four -men -attempted to -get In
and .the boat was capsized. .The. woman
was thrown out. I did not see, her again.
"This left seven of us on the raft, and
we pulled* away- at from the site
The" Rev. Henry Erickson. who; lost his
wife and four of his children when the
Walla Walla plunged into the depths, and
whose son , Emil died from; exposure, on
the raft shortly ' before the father | and
several others were rescued by the steam
er Nome City, lived with his family In
Alameda until a few • days " prior to the
departure of the Walla Walla on her last
voyage. The Ericksons resided on Park
street, near Clinton avenue,' -In .that city."
,But one daughter, " Miss ' Hannah, • aged 16
years, is all of Mr.' Erickson's family that
now survives. The lives' of the; six other,
members went out in the disaster. Miss
Hannah Erickson is employed in' the fam
ily of Albert B.Wastell, 2128 Central ave
nue, Alameda. She visited, St.': Mary'i
Hospital yesterday and spent- the' day
with her father, who Is recuperating from
the effects of his terrible experience dur
ing the thirty-six hours t that he was buf
feted about on an open raft in* a >heavy
sea and in freezing weather." - ' ,
Emil Erickson.' who died in his father's
arms, was a bright little fellow; and while
his folks lived' in Alameda he .worked in
the People's Bazaar store there; The Rev.
Mr.- Erickson and. family were bound for
New Whatcom, where he intended to fol
low his vocation as a minister. ¦ ¦- -.¦¦-••
ONE DAUGHTER
LEFT TO HIM
THEODORE HAIGHT of Los An
geles, a passenger on the ill
fated Walla -Walla, is positive
that .he saw "Len" M. Hansel
man of this city, who is reported
among the missing. Jump into
'¦':. . the water and drown. Just as
the vessel went to the bottom^ Mr; Haight
is a'.traveling salesman for. the California
Ink Company and was on his way to Se
attle on' business. He' returned yesterday
on the Pomona and- .went to the Occiden
tal. When asked to describe his experi
ence he did so in the following words:
"I had retired to my berth and the im
pact of the two vessels evidently woke me
up. I realized that' something was wrong
and hastily put on a few clothes and ran
out on deck. My first thought was to see
if any one about needed assistance, but
Captain Hall told me. that I had better
get aboard one of the rafts. The pumps
stopped about that time and I started to
climb down th« ladder. ; .
"Just then I noticed ,L. M. Hanselman
standing by the rail. He had on a mackin
tosh coat and I quickly told him to take it
off and come down the ladder. He evi
dently did not seem to know that a raft
LIGHT -PAJAMAS v
' HIS ONLY -GARB
ness and' severity and howled as though
fiendishly mocking the thunderous sea. ¦
;The Lights Disappear.
..The lights vrere- now". lost entirely., The
boat had lost Its course In the mist' and
thererwas nothing to do but to await the
coming of the day. The sailors gave sonte
slight 1 hope. by. the. declaration that- they
were ten.miles from shore,' but how soon
that t gleam of brightness . was' dispelled
and darkened when they admitted that In
order, to land*they would have to row a
distance of twenty miles -to get safely
within the -bar, .Twenty miles' ride over
such a sea! Across black, angry,'turbu
lent mountains of. water! A sea rolling
over: them and . mercilessly drenching and
battering them! :\ .:,: ., '
At last the night clouds passed and the
sun peeped from apertur.ea. In the leaden
clouds, and the.. almost but
plucky woman, bruised and In pain, at the
stern of > the frail boat saw what > sh6
thought to be smoke from a vessel. They
hardly knew what was best to do, row
on: for faraway land or, follow, maybe, a
wiii-o -the-wisp.. After .a hurried ex
change of, opinions .the matter was put to
a vote, and it .was decided to row for. the
vessel ;or for whatever it was. ; < : ' ¦
. . On they steadily rowed/ until \ those ex
hausted and .with hands bleeding and blis
tered, gave up. their oars to other willing
hands,, but. their -efforts, -their struggle,
was rewarded,' for .still they/could see the
object lying in front of them. They kept
her in view, and with the aid of a, pole
which was discovered -at the bottom "of
tn .f 'boat a jacket, which, Mrs.; Edgar had
with her (j red, too, was hoisted, and- noon
the signal brought to their aid the officers
a 1- °f the steam schooner Dispatch,
wnicn -had already done 'yeoman'- service
in picking up -two stranded .loads of ship
wrecked people.- . . ¦¦• •-.
¦: ; I MrsV; Edgar Charges Cowardice '.
ll % b0 ?r<?ing the' Dispatch the suffer
ers had ; still \ another ordeal to v undergo,
for, owing to : the high sea,' she rolled and
tossed so. that -heavy .ropes v with: slip
knots,were-'placed around* each: man and
.woman ; and -by ¦¦ that '¦ means "they . were
.hauled to; safety: : . ., . • :. v.-;' • : . .
, i With womanly gratitude Mrs. Edgar, ex
presses • her. . appreciation < for.'. Captain
Johnson - and -the officers • and ' crew of ¦ the
Dispatch,, and r; even ; last -nlghtv she 'was
-wearing a garment which -had- been given
her. by, a hearty,- good-natured' sailor to
replace ; the dripping one she wore when
rescued. Not only did , these : men: offer
story follows:
•m v.RE. J. L. TIMMOXS is one of
l» /H tne P assen sers of the Walla
I ll/ H Walla who escaped serious
I W si consequences as the result of
I y H^ her fearful experience, bar
ring a severe cough. Her
"1 was asleep in stateroom No. 5 and
nas awakened by a crunching, grind
ing sort . of noise, and my first
thought was that we had struck a rock.
I arose, and opening my stateroom door
saw the bark receding from the breacn
ehe had made in our steamer. I could
st-e no lights on the vessel, taut • noticed
that her bow was very high.
"I asked a gentleman standing near me
if the collision was serious and he tol.l
me he would see. I decided that>.I would
dret.8 and began to do so. I made a com
plete toilet, even to putting'on my. hat
and \ ell and placing my *. gloves r in my
pocket. I also picked up my^purse"at
tached to a belt which I placed around
my waist.
"Ir. the meantime the gentleman whom
I had spoken to returned and informed
me that the situation was bad. I said
4jood-by to my satchel and a bunch of
Ilowers I had worn the day .before and
then closed the door and window of my
fctatercom. A. B. McClellan tied a life
preserver, on me and I went to the" star
board side of the ship, where I was lit
erally rolled into a lifeboat.
* "There were.no screams when our boat
was ' being tilled, but some dispute oc
curred auiong the men as to who was
the most competent to steer. There were
ten men besides the two women in our
party, Mrs. C. Hastings and myself. She
was scantily attired, and I took great
pleasure in providing her with some of
irty wardrobe.
-,'As noon as our boat" got under-way we
made for the .Mendocino lighthouse. The
»ea wa6 so high that the light was often
. out of tight, and when daylight came the
light went out. That left us helpless, as we
could not see any great distance through
the thick fog which prevailed. We drifted
around, and ' after ' five hours we saw a
. steamer, which proved to be the Dis
' finch.. We thought once the vessel was
drawing away from" us, but were: over
joyed, when we heard her whistle that
the saw us. We were. hauled aboard and
giren dry, clothing. I attired myself in
overalls and a man's coat and set about
helping to nurse some of the exhausted
ones. • .
"Too much -praise cannot be given to
Captain Johnson of the Dispatch andtrt
the people -of Eureka, who did all in their
power, to administer to our comfort. The
Order of Eagles, of which my -husband is
a member, heard of mydistress and as
sisted .jne in various ways., Captain Hall,
too, behaved like a hero. but. the look
out man on the Walla -Walla came in for
unfavorable criticism from the pas*n
gers for not giving the right of way to
the bark- As soon as I am completely
rested I will join my husband in Dawsbn,
for which place I had started."
Mrs. Tlmmins is registered at the Lick
as "Mrs. j. . L. Timmons— Middle of . tha
Sea." .,' .~-
.1 heodore Haight Positive Man Reported Missing
Jumped From Steamer's Rail as
was belcfw and he told m« h© couldn't
swim. He appeared to be dazed and I left
him and went down the ladder. A man
above me trod on my fingers as they
grasped the rung and bruised them
badly. Just as we parted from
the Walla Walla I saw HlSaeteSS
Jump from the steamer's rail and plunge
headlong into the water Just as. the
steamer sank. I watched the spot for two
or three minutes and I do not think that
he came to the surface. We drifted away
then and I could see no more.- ¦
"There were fifteen people on our raft
and the load was so heavy that we were
nearly capsized several times. We passed
a drifting raft, empty, and securfn* It
transferred seven people to it. leaving ua
with eight. Captain Swan was one of our
passengers and his forethought in secur
ing a bottle of whisky saved the life, of at
least one unfortunate woman, who would
have succumbed to exhaustion. We wer»»
eleven hours drifting before «a were
picked up by the Dispatch.
"It is a miracle to me why our raft wa«
w*!?'^?? down by tne su «*on of th*
Walla \V alia, as we were only eleven feet
away from her when she went down I
lost some. 1200 formulas for the, manufac
ture of ink besides my personal baggage."
¦K-k-I"!' !¦: I 1 I I I I i i i I h-Vh-H- o
of the wreck. We drifted all day. and In
the afternoon saw the Dispatch. We
were so close we could see the people on
deck. We signaled with handkerchlafs.
but they were too small to attract atten
tion. When we saw the Nome City half
of a man's shirt was hoisted as a slsnai
and we were at last rescued."
t Shiel helped to launch a number of the
life boats and rafts from the steamer. He
says there was considerable difficulty in
getting the boats off. and some -• iae
crew did not seem to know Just what to
do. The officers were calm and cool
throughout the ordeal. When vouns
Ericksen died It was Shiel who threw his
body from the raft. His father, as soon
as he realized the approaching death of
his soiv rested his face.on the knees of
First Officer Nllsen and remained In that
position for hours, raisfng hi? head only
for a moment to dash a handful of satt
water in his mouth.
Shiel says that as the ship' went down
he saw Third Officer Hughes dressed In
his oilskins and rubber boots Jump over
board and did not see him rise. Shiel de
clares that he was la such a position that
had Hughes reappeared he would csrtaia.
ly have seen him.
Occupants of a Life Boat Vote on the Course to Be Pursued and Rescue
Comes After Much • Mental 'Anguish i- and Intense Physical
" .; ¦;¦: ;; Suffering Have;; Wracked Men arid W^
."W\' . IKE many another of the passen-.
H '.' gers on the Walla Walla Mrs.'. R."
. B ' • s - Edgar was awake at : the* time'
H .' of. the terrific and ' penetrating
B crash: indeed she had arisen but
\ m^ a moment before to, look from
- y- her window. Thereiwas.no fog
then, though \ the early part of the night
there had beena mist. It, was alternately:
clear and misty and .rainy.' That much
Mrs. Edgar is sure, of, but beyond' doubtj:
she asserts, a minute preceding the occur
rence, it was clear, quite clear. ; And that
point may be of inestimable importance, in
future Investigation. :. ' ; ',
•.-No sooner had she realized that possibly,
there was danger from the collision than.
George, the captain's 'Servant,, dashed in
her door and warned her to dress. -Putting
oh a skirt and shoes she bundled into.her f
arms wraps and : cloak," when the young
man, possibly, her. savior, dragged: her. to
the deck and without ceremony threw her
literally into a. boat that Vwas being low
ered by two officers. -Owing to. Mrs. -Ed
gar's traveling alone I the officers 'called
upon the youth; he having been detalledto
attendher aboard, to follow theUady and
he continued one of 'the party during the
a perilous experience. : . '. ? '•'.-: ¦:
All told that brave boat bore over -the
mountain waves a -breathless, affrighted
crew numbering fourteen/; Ere leaving the
sinking 'vessel -time and :time' again she
was dashed'; to its sides. 1 but 'the sailors
thebrave tars, -with '* a < final stout.-' and
strong -pull landed * the ~ boat , and , its pre
cious charges safely, over an approaching
mountain wave. 5lt;was:adesperate mo
ment; for every second ? they, expected to
be dashed to pieces, boat and all. r Once
clear of the wrecked vessel ,all hands set- 1
tied down to ; work, to do anything,' only
to reach . the - shore. At.' the •. stern •;¦ was
placed. Mrs; 'Edgar, whose. duty, it was to
, watch out for. lights and many a long, and
weary ; moment was that' anxious 1 lookout
for succor. At last she sighted. the kindly
lights. from the." signal- station some -dis- :
tance off. v They » took - fresh .< courage ? and '
made' directly, for them, but now a heavy
'mist- came between them sand safety en-'
tirely obliterating 'the -lights' from view,
and, .worse still; the waves suddenly came ;
rolling; up like ; dark ."moving 1 mountains
andthe;wihd, as if.to purposely -increase
the terror of the scene, .vented its bitter-
Deliberately Completes Her Toilet Afters Being
' . Warned That the Walla Walla
Is Sinking. .
WOMAN TELLS OF FIVE
HOURS OF AGONY AT SEA
SAYS LEN M. HANSELMAN
PLUNGED TO HIS DEATH
MRS R. S. EDGAR SAYS CAPTAIN
HALL'S ORDERS WERE DISOBEYED
and give their clothing, but every one of
the - survivors was placed in bed. the
blankets of which had been, warmed.
¦ The Dispatch's .service will never be
forgotten. - After the rescue she kept on
the search the rest of the day/picking
up rafts and. boats and poor, exhausted,
semi-conscious souls.;
It was 4 o'clock in the afternoon when
a small raft , was sighted bearing four
men. The 'excitement was too great, the
teq»Ion, the horror of the past hours too
intense for even the^exhausted rescued
ones , to find rest, and when the Dispatch
neared the raft they were mostly all on
deck, hoping to see some; dear one. some
friend soon to join them. At last'the raft
was reached, and to the relief and happi
ness of all those people they identified
their- captain, Andrew L. Hall, injured
certainly, and \ almost unconscious, ¦ but
there among them and | able to hear their
united praise; of, him, their acknowledg
ment of his gallantry. •••-• ' ¦ s
So .much is being said of. the valor the
masterly seamanship in the | face of dan
ger and : death, displayed by; the captain
officers and crew .of, the .ill-fated vessel
that one charge of unmanliness or dis
obedience; against any one. member is as
a harsh note mingling with, harmonized
sounds. ' "• •' ¦ ¦• : ¦
, Yet., that -note 4ias been struck, not
willingly, but in Justice, by. Mrs. Edgar
who declare? that had all Captain -Hall's
orders been obeyed there would not have
been a single life lost. According to that
lady's Btalment; the, captain ordered three
.firemen in one boat with' directions to re
main "by "the vessel " until :the ladles were
got; in. but instead of obeying the orders
Mrs.*: Edgar .declares,; those, same- three
men pushed out and never paid attention
even to. Captain Hall's repeated calling on
them to return. < it is further .stated bv
Mrs. ; Edgar i that those same three men
.were the first to be picked up by the Dis
patch and that they gave the news of
the disaster: to Captain Johnson. "
,:. The boatswain,- declares Mrs. Edgar
was ; also delinquent. in that. he failed «to
follow, out: the, captain's direction., which
was to come astern of the vessel and take
the ladles- off;. '"The order.' was not -only
ignored," ' Bays Mrs. .Edgar, -."but . that
.very man was- beached at Trinidad, and
three men- were : in -his. boat.but no la
dies."?--: y* •->:;y. ¦-,:¦. . K ?.\ ¦ :: ¦.• ,«
HRS. R. 5. EDGAR OF SAN JOSE, WHO WAS INJURED IN THE WALLA WALLA WRECK, AWAITING REMOVAL FR0H STEAMER POHONA.MIRACULOUS ESCAPES FROM WATERY GRAVE
"I then-returned and dressed, putting
on my overcoat, and helped my wife -on
with her winter coat, all the time keeping
her cheered up. .'"¦".
"Finally we. rushed to the side of the
deck in time to, see the last boat lowered
on that side; I forget which side it: was.
We then hurried to the other side of the
vessel, and had to wait our time,, but fin
ally managed to . get ' Into ;. the last boat
lowered. No. 1, with the aid/ of Captain
Hall. We pulled out, and suffered ex-
"I was in my berth in stateroom 28 and
was awakened by a terrific crash. I im
mediately concluded that something fear
ful had happened, and at once awoke ray
v/ife, who was in the same stateroom
with me, and told her to dress and keep
cool. I ran to the next stateroom'to
awaken Colonel Smith, who was already
up and dressing. ¦<. .
Eli Stern, a traveling man, who was
on the Walla Walla, said: '
CCNSTERNATION
IN FIR^ ROOM
No Signals Heard by the Men Belo-w
in the Walla Walla and a
BHush Made, for
Stairs.
William Goldsmith, -one of the firemen
on tliis Walla Walla, who was on duty be-
Eli Stern Says That Captain Hall
and His Subordinates Acted
With Phenomenal Cool
ness and Bravery.
• F.-L. M.. Smith, a traveling man, who
was : - a passenger on the ill-fated Walla
Walla, -said:'. " ' ] . -•'
"I was awakened by . my . room mate
about 4:12 o'clock. I don't know his name,
but; he announced 'that an accident oc
curred. I got up: and saw that great ex
citement prevailed. The officers were then
preparing to lower ¦ the boats. ' I hastily
dressed and joined Mr. and Mrs. Stern,
friends of mine. . Our cabins were on the
main" deck and I secured a place in boat
No. 1; the last boaf to leave the ship. She
was quickly filled with eighteen people —
eleven men and -seven- women. .When We
struck .the water she" dashed violently
twice against the ship and, commenced to
leak badly. ; Three men and one woman,
whose names I do not know, clambered
from our boat Into an adjoining. one. ow
ing to their fear. of the boat filling with
water. " We pushed off and as the waves
commenced to . dash • over : us we had to
head her from the wind to prevent filling.
We unanimously 1 elected - Seaman . Nelson,
one of the vessel's crew, as :captain and
under his ' guidance we > pulled out. ' Our
boat :. was leaking., rapidly and .we were
compelled -tor ball constantly until we
were picked up twenty-nine hours later.
','A short time after daylight we sighted
the steam schooner Dispatch and hoisted
a portion of one of the ladies" -• dresses on
Young Hunter Killed.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 5.— Jay J. Briggs; 15
years old. was killed .while hunting at El
Cajon to-day. He was riding a bicycle
and carrying ¦ a . shotgun. . The wheel
struck an obstacle and the gun v,-as dis
charged, the contents tearing off the top
of the boy's head. ¦ He was a nephew of
\>Aiiiam Stell of El Cajon.
COMMANDS CRLW
OF WALLA WALLA
in Which Ho Secured a
Place Was. Started
.Leaking.
F. L. M. Smith Tells How Tiny Craft
BOAT DASHES
AGAINST SHIP
Ole Johnson, one of the crew of the
Walla Walla, was the man who picked
up Captain Hall while he was struggling
in the water after the Ill-fated steamer
went to the bottom. He said:
"Our raft was close to the ship when
she sank. I saw Captain Hall and the
first officer struggling In the sea, and I
tried to get them both aboard, but only
succeeded in pulling Captain Hall on the
raft. He had been injured in the terrible
swirl of the ocean caused by the suction
of the ship as she sank, but while he was
weak and in pain for the time being he
was very cool.
"After Captain Hall got aboard he or
dered us to go around the scene and look
for stragglers. We had a hard experience
and suffered a little from cold before be
ing picked up. but the old seadogs on our
raft did not mind that very much. All the
captain's thoughts were for the poor dev
ils who might not have succeeded in get
ting off the steamer. After eleven hours
of tossing about on the sea we were
picked up by the Dispatch."
RS. A. MEYDENBAUER, who
m became separated ' from her
I ml H l 5 -y ear - o ld son Albert during
I W w the excitement of getting the
I ' Y- B passengers into the ¦¦_ lifeboats,
-*-. ",¦ -^- had a sad experience. Albert
was accompanying her on her
journey to her home in Seattle, and when
the crash came the youth bravely refused
to go in' a lifeboat and gave his mother
his . place there instead. There ¦ was only
one place left in the . lifeboat when the
orders came to, abandon ship. The offi
cer^ in charge /ordered Mrs.. MejWen
bauer into the boat, and as there was no
room - for her son she - refused", at . first . to
go. The little fellow bravely advised her
to obey orders, saying that he would take
care of himself. And he did. He;found
a place on one of the life rafts and met
his nearly grief-crazed mother on the
shore.. Mrs. Meydenbauer said: . \
"It was a trying experience with me,
suffering untold physical torture from the
cold and exposure and mental pangs by
not knowing whether or. not my son got
off the sinking ship. There was a » large
crowd in our lifeboat and we had to hud
dle up to keep out of the way of the men
who were managing the boat. We were
out nearly twenty-one hours .before wo
were picked up by the tug . Ranger. We
signaled to two steamers the night be
fore, but they did not see us. Miss Pe
ters, who was in.our boa^,- gave the quar
termaster in charge her shawl, which he
put on the end of an oar,- ¦ and this he
used to signal the tug that picked us up.
It was freezing cold, and : we ' were
drenched through" and through .; by. -tho
waves that frequently, broke over the
lifeboat. I laid down -in the' bottom of
the boat most of the time, and at times
I felt as if I would rather die right: then
and there than , endure .the agony , any
longer. When ¦ I met - my darling , boy ¦ in
Eureka I cried with joy, for ; I had little
hope . that I he would _ get , off the : boat I bu
fore she sank." ¦-. ;
Fire Destroys Lodge: Booms.
< GAZELLE. .Jan:;;; 5.— The *;• Woodmen's
Hall of- Gazelle 'was burned- at midnight.
It was erected last year at a- cost of $4000/
The ; lower, story ..was- occupied . by r S. ¦/ J.
Peterson, a general;merchant, i whose en
tire stock; was lost.: It was insured? for
$4000.. The- upper story -.was . used,.' as . a
lodge room by the Woodmen of the World
Mount Shasta - Camp -i of r the Women of
.Woodcraft, s Mount Shasta Circle and I Odd
Fellows Lodge -No." 49/ ; The -furnishings
of the lodge rooms. were destroyed.
all called him Doc: Well, the man. they
called Doc was the life of the party. He
had a jovial disposition- and when every
thing was. at its. worst, he would make
some funny remark arid all who could
laughed feebly. . • • .- ¦
"Upon. arriving at Eureka the people of
that city treated us in royal fashion. We
were cared for tenderly and the women
gave up their clothes to us. When I land
ed at the dock this «morninsr I wore odd
bits of clothing which kind women of Eu
reka had given me. My own had become
ruined and torn. The people of Eureka
are entitled to much credit. for their kind
ness ¦ toward .we shipwrecked sufferers.
The officers of the Walla Walla also de
serve great credit. Captain Hall was brave
and cool-headed,. and if It were not for
him I believe that more would have been
lOSt.": '-'-'¦ ¦ : T "¦ *.-¦'•
Sailor Who Assisted the Master of
. the Walla Walla Praises the
Conduct of His Superior
Officer.
A. Meydenbauer Forces
Mother Into Last
v' Seat in Boat
FULLS CAPTAIN
ON THE RAFT
M JET ISS ROSE PETERS, who was
fw /H , S° In S north to be married,
. I ¥&/ H was one of the brave women
I W w who survived tne wreck and
JL T JeL returned to this port on the
Pomona. 'She tells the follow-
/ '.'.•; ingr story of the wreck: .
"I was sleeping when the other boat
bumped intq us. I dressed quickly and
went on deck, and Captain Hall ordered
me upstairs on the upper deck to get into
the life boat. I joined a party after put
ting on a life preserver given me by one
of the crew. . -
¦i. "In. our boat were Mrs. Captain Stream,
Mr. and Mrs. Stream, , Mr. and Mrs.
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Stern, Mr. Harries,
one ; of the . sailors, .and Mr. Nelson," - an
other of the sailors. It was in charge. of
Quartermaster Ettershanks and he proved
himself a- brave and capable seaman. In
fact through the twenty-one hours of suf
fering we underwent before being picked
up all of the men in our boat displayed
great bravery and cool judgment. : Mrs.
Meydenbauer of Seattle, ,whose son was in*
another^boat, was also one of my com
panions in the life boat. • She was ' sorry
she became ' separated from her.so'n and
suffered great mental anguish in addition
to the tortures of cold. and exposure. •. We
were crowded together like peas in a pod,
but everybody tried- to : make. everybody
else comfortable. ; • < '. ' •
"All during the night following the col
lision we were tossed about by a choppy
sea and weall became chilled through
and : through. • The men took off their life
preservers and placed them on the bottom
of the boat for' the women to keep their
feet out of the water. At times ;it 'looked
as if we. would never get ashore. We were
all drenched to -the ¦ skin -and as the cold
snap set in in the morning: the situation
became terrible. ...We shivered and. shook
from head to foot and I believe if it was
not for. our life preservers we would have
died from the cold.' ." V ¦•• ¦¦ V
VIn the, 'morning we were off the Hum
boldt bar ' and I the quartermaster took my
red shawl and tying it on' the end of an
oar he tried 1 . to. signal a passing. steamer,
but it did' not see us. A few. hours later
we > saw a -sailing vessel " coming out " of
Humboldt Bay 'and. right after it was a
tugboat. ,"¦ •-'¦¦ ¦-.'¦ . :¦-. ¦¦'¦";¦" : . -h •
• -."The. men -who were rowing. our -boat
pulled f o» dear life and one of the party
waved a signal of distress. The. tug," which
proved afterward to be the Ranger, picked
us. up- and t hauled.; us'; aboard. 'If, was a
world of relief to us all to get aboard that
tug. They gave us the food and water we
had all -been. longing for and treated-us
verv. kindly. . .. , • -.",¦,. • ¦ .
- "There "was a> stout man aboard:" our
life boat. I don't know h(s name,- but they
"Captain Hall and his officers and crew
are entitled to the highest praise for their
coolness and good discipline, which un
doubtedly'saved many lives which other
wise would have been lost.
"A heavy surf was running and we were
unable to land or attract attention and
were compelled to lay off for the rest of
the night. When morning broke we found
the coast so dangerous that landing was
unsafe, and -we pulled until 9 o'clock,
when we were picked up by the tug Rai
nier, which took us Into Eureka.
"The citizens there did everything In
their power to relieve us, furnishing
clothing, medical attendance and every
assistance.
an oar and yelled lustily to attract her
attention. She immediately responded
with two short whistles and we congrat
ulated ourselves that she had seen us and
that the trouble was over, but in a few
moments she sailed away and we were
compelled to resume our cour3e to land,
some thirty miles away. The wind was
high and the sea dashed over us frequent
ly, and we were all drenched to the skin.
About 2 o'clock the sea subsided some
what and we changed our course to strike
land nearer and about 4 o'clock we sight
ed it. We discovered the town of Samoa
on the coast about ten miles away, but
were .unable to reach it until 7 o'clock in
the evening.
Young Lady Whose Marriage Bells Were to Have Sounded Melody in the
North Relates the Story of Interminable Hours of Suffering in
an Open Boat Before Rescuers Arrived.
seemed to think he had only had a little
ducking in a millpond instead of a thrill
ing experience In midocean as he told the
following story of his experience at the
Broadway dock yesterday morning: .
"I was in my bunk asleep when the
other boat ran us down, but I did not hear
the crash nor feel the Jar of the collision.
My mother woke me up and we dressed
quickly and went on deck. The excite
ment ran high, but Captain Hall and
Mate Nilsen kept calling out for
everybody to keep cool, telling them that
they would get into the lifeboats and life
rafts all right. They handled the situa
tion with great coolness, and the crew
helped to pacify the passengers. Every
body was scrambling for lifeboats, and
the men in the boats had to pull away to
make the struggling people behave them
selves. Finally they all got cooled down,
and the work of rescuing the people went
on in tip-top shape. I saw a big lifeboat
leaving the ship, and as there was room
for one more in it I asked the men to take
my mother along. She did not want to
leave me, but I wanted to see her. safely
off the boat, because I knew I could take
care of myself better when I knew she
was safe.
"After I got mamma off I started to
hunt around the ship for a chance to get
off In a boat myself. By this time nearly
everybody had left the ship, so I went up
stairs, where I heard some men talking.
The first mate was up therewith some
more of the cr,ew and they were trying to
get a big life raft loose. The ship was
sinking fast by this time, and. the mate
and his men were working- . for dear life.
The raft was too big to handle, or some
thing else which I couldn't understand
was the matter; so I saw a raft in, the
water below me with a lot of men on it,
and I went downstairs and got aboard of
it. ¦¦ • - , ¦
Picked Up by the Dispatch.
"We pushed away from the side of the
Walla Walla, and she was so far down in
the water then that we could touch her
rail. ' The mate and his men were still up
stairs, and I think when the boat went
down they went down with it. We worked
for two hours on our raft trying to get
the oars loose, and when we finally got
them loose the strongest men in the party
handled the oars and we struck out for
shore. . . • • ;
"Thqt waves washed over • us all-night
and everybody was exhausted and chilled
to the bone when the steamer; Dispatch
picked us up the next day. We saw two
steamers pass us during the day, and all
of us made frantic efforts .to signal them.
They did not see us, and we. had to float
around 'until 2 o'clock Friday afternoon
before the' Dispatch picked us up. We
were all chilled and completely exhausted.
They threw us a rope, but nobody on
board had .strength enough to make/ it
fast. Then the men on the steamer, See
ing that we, were too weak to: help our
selves, made a loop on the end of the rope
and threw it to us. We put : the loop'un
der our shoulders and were hauled aboard
one by one. ' It was a' terrible experience.
I didn't think it would be when- we start
ed off, but when the waves washed over
us for a few hours *and-I began to get cold
I found out to: my sorrow that I was up
against a serious proposition."
GRIM WIT OF JOVIAL PASSENGER
LIGHTENS HEARTS OF THE WOMEN
BOY HERO
DEVELOPED
BY WRECK
SURVIVORS OF THE WALLA WALLA DISASTER WHO SUFFERED GREAT HARDSHIP.
Continued From Page Three.
SANDY" WILLIAMSON, barkeep
er on the ill-fated steamship, was
another of the survivors . who
came home on the Pomona. He
said: J
"I was in my room, which was
aft on the port side at the ex
treme end cf the ship, when the' collision
occurred. I ran up the Companionway to
find out the extent of the damage and met
the chief officer, who told me to get ready
to abandon ship. I at once went about
my duties according to instructions, and
proceeded to awaken the passengers and
assist -hem Into the lifeboats. The colli
sion smashed the Walla Walla up for
ward en the port side and cut the quar
termaster's room through into the steer-
Ing gear.
"I concluded that the accident was se
rious and went aft to the main deck and
saw a trailing ship had passed us. At that
time the captain and officers were passing
the passengers Into the lifeboats. I was
asked oy the first assistant engineer and
the chief steward to aid in liberating the
after lifeboats on the hurricane deck, and
to ther. assist in putting blankets into the
lifeboats already launched. I went for
ward on the port side In front of the bar,
and Mr. Nuttman, the purser, asked me
to open the bar and put the catch on.
Parser in No Hurry.
"At that time Captain Hall «ame along,
and the purser's boat was almost full of
passengers. The captain commanded Mr.
Nuttman to take charge of the beat and
go witi it. I asked him why he did not
do so, and he said, 'I will go in a mo
ment.' I begged him to follow the cap
tain's instructions, but he sent me aft to
assist in helping passengers into - the
boats. I saw Mr. Connell, the chief
steward, who was lost, and Mrs. Rey
nolds, the stewardess, who was also loBt,
assisting a lady and a gentleman passenger
into a lifeboat. I then went on the upper
deck and assisted in trying to launch the
large lifeboat aft. In the meantime I saw
Mr. Crosby, the chief engineer, who was
also lost, walking up and down, aiding the
passengers to get into the boats. At that
time the ship was sinking. Mr. Reed, the
lirst assistant engineer, had remained on
the hurricane deck aft assisting in
launching the rafts. As she sank she
went cown forward, and when I saw her
Kinking aft I thought it was time to try
to savu myself. Gibson, one of the wait
ers, had made a rope fast to one of the
rleats in the main deck aft, and as he
swung over I followed him. .
Caught by Propeller.
"Gibson swung forward and I swung
aft. The ship, having a list to starboard
at that time, settled evenly to port, and
I was drawn under and against the pro
peller. My lifebelt got caught in the pro
peller and I was taken down a long way,
but finally released myself afcd came to
the EU:"fa'ee. I swam to a piece of wreck
aso ard was rescued by Lupp. the second
officer, and taken aboard the life raft.
After about twelve hours on the. raft we
were picked up by the Dispatch. Two
collierti passed us after dayiight in the
morning, each of which we thought saw
us, but they steamed away without gee
ing us.
"The Dispatch came along about 4:30 in
the afternoon. She had men in the rig-
King and they saw our raft. She steamed
toward us and picked us up. There were
two other rafts in the water near by. We
were well treated by Captain Johnson of
the Dispatch and taken to Eureka, where
we received kind treatment by. the agent
cf the company and the citizens of the
town. Too much cannot be said of the
treatment the residents of Eureka gave
the passengers and crew of the. Walla
Walla-
low when the crash occurred, came home
on the Pomona, with both legs injured.
He hobbled along on crutches and was re
moved to his room in the New California
House In a cariape. He said:
"I was just firing up when the other
craft hit us. It made an awful jar below
in the fireroom and some of the boys made
a mad rush upstairs, but the engineers
and most of their firemen remained at
their posts until somebody passed the
word downstairs that it was all up with
the ship.
"Then we all went on deck. There were
no signals given in the engine-room that
I heard. I did not hear any bells to slow
up or to stop her, or back her, so I think
the engineer himself stopped the ship
when he felt the collision. In leaving the
boat I had my legs crushed. There were
no rafts around the ship when I got up
stairs, so I had to wait my turn. The
rafts and lifeboats were constantly going
away from the ship and coming back,* or
going around one side and then the other.
At the time the steamer sank I went down
with her and my feet were hurt again in
the wreckage as I came up. • Wheir I came
to the surface I caught hold of a bench
and it kept me afloat until I was picked
up by a life raft. We were out about
thirteen hours before we were picked up
by the Dispatch."
BOY HISKS LIFE TO SAVE MOTHER
treme hardships from the drenching and
cold. We feel under great obligations to
Seaman Nelson, who carried us through.
'¦The ladies, including my wife, bore
the hardship bravely, never complaining,
and even helping to row. The experience
was a frightful one. We sat sometimes
for an hour never speaking a word to one
another, thinking every moment would
bring death to us.
"I wish to say that the bravery of Cap
tain Hall was something phenomenal. He
stood on the deck of his lost ship cool and
collected, and, every word that he uttered
meant the saving of a life. The officers
and crew were also brave and gallant.
The people of the steamship company and
the citizens of Eureka treated us with
more than kindness, looking -after every
small wish we might have, and even re
fused to accept payment from any one."
"Sandy" Williamson Lowers Himself From Deck by Rope and Is Hurled
Against Screw, to Which 'He Becomes Fast, but, Retaining His ¦
Presence of Mind, Releases Himself as Vessel Plunges,
BARKEEPER'S LIFE BELT IS CAUGHT
IN PROPELLER AS SHIP GOES DOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY G, 1902.
5
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This . question arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
. ' --• - . - . . • - x • - . $.
a delicious and healthful dessert; Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling f -no
baking! add boiling water "and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Oracge, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a packa^a
at your grocers to-day. 10 cts:MONDAY....!..... ...JANUARY 6, 1902
JOHN D. 3PRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ittrttt All Comme&ietUotLS to W. S. LEASE. Vulgar.
HAKAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone PreM»M
PUBLICATION* OFFICE . . . Blarlcet and TJxlrd, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOO9IS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preii 202.
Delivered l»y Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Hall. Including Postages
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year $1.00
DAILY CALL <lndudln* Eui.day). • r- ontha 1.00
DAILY CALL Ondudin* Sunday). J months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «5o
SUNDAY CALL. On« Year *- M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1M
All postmaster* nre authorized to receive .
•nhaerlptlona.
Sample copies will be lorwarded when reQuested
—^—— ' '¦ i".'- 1 -' •¦"- ¦
Mall sabscrlber* In orderly* change of address ehonld be
particular to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLMD OFFICES .... ...... 1118 Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
ffuiger Ftnign Adrerticin?, K&rqsettt Building. Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAKLTOX „. .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHEX B. SSI ITU 30 Tribune Bull din js
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorf-Aetorta. Hotel; A. Brentano. *1 Union Square:
K W HU1 HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Burwm Rouse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rvemont House: Auditorium HoteL
!WTASHIWGTO?r OX C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. W. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cell! t-M o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAlIlstrr. open until «:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
t-.to o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen cntn 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
Batll I o'clock. MB Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
earner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until $ o'clock.
2200 Flllmor*. open until I p. m.
NICHOLAS MURRAY BUTLER, WHO HAS BEEN AGREED UPON. AS
PRESIDENT OF COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY TO SUCCEED SETH LOW,
RECENTLY ELECTED MAYOR OF GREATER NEW YORK.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone/Main 1042. •
.i/'I see that Lord Kitchener has cfflcially
banished the: Boers." :; i ; ;.*; .' ¦ ;. ; -v '
,..-; /'Magnificent ! . Now ; he can go home in
triumph-' like •-' Lord ' Roberts .'did.V-^-Cleve
land Plain Dealer. . , .
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
'HOTEL, DEI/ CORONADO. : choicest Wlntet
Resort In the world, • offers best ¦ living, climate.
boating, bathing, . . fishing '¦ and - most amuse
ments. 1 E.' S: Babcock. manager.' Coronado. Cal.
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Agnews State Hospltal-*lsaae Upham
San Francisco; •O." a.. Hale, San Jose-'
Adolph Greeninger. San Jose; J -K'Wif
son; San Francisco;, ?Edward White' Wat"
sonville. "* - ' :< : •
Napa State Asylum— E. Washb'urn San
Francisco ; - E.; J. . Hennessey, Napa- - \ J
Louis Martin, Vallejo; F. W. Bush NaDa
and Reuben M. Swain, Santa Rosa *
California Home for . the Care and
Training of Feeble Minded Children—
John T. Harrington, Colusa; John D Me'
Kenzie, San Jose; Thomas H. Roonev"
San Francisco; Herbert F. Dusran" Sin
Francisco; C. Walter Gould, sfn^Frln"
_ »Te"rm expired, but commission not is
sued for successor. (
STATE INSTITUTION TRUSTEES-^
Livermore, Cal. The following is a list
of the Trustees of the. State institutions
asked about, as furnished by Secretary of
State Curry: «
FIRST RING FIGHT— Subscriber "City
The first ring fight in America was the
one between Jacob Hyer and Thomas
Beasley, in 1816. The "record doe3 not give
the place of meeting. *
! w. ¦' J. • and S. P. Dobbins, extensive
ranchers of Vacavtlle, are among the "ar
rivals at the Grand. ' . V
A. R. rPatteson, an English resident, of
the Orient, is , at the Palace, accompanied
by >his family. .-V . •
• Thomas Flint • Jr. of San Juan is at the
Palace with his wife.
Dr. Clyde B. Laughiin of Reno is one of
the arrivals at the Lick.
Henry Meniken, a cigar manufacturer of
Cincinnati, t is at the Grand. •
E. C Merritt of Santa Rosa Is at the
California, accompanied by his wife.
Joseph Henshaw, a hotel man to bf Salt
Lake City, Is registered at the Palace. ;-
O. J. : Woodward, a banker of Fresno, Is
at the Lick.
J. M. Henderson, a banker of Eureka,
is at the Lick. : . ' \
PENUCHLE-G. S., City. In penuchle
the penalty for a player who goes on with
less cards than be should have la the loss
of all he has melded. ''3
v PERSONAL MENTION.
Of all the cities from which Christmas reports have
come to us Baltimore takes the lead in social festi
vities. One of the leading matrons of the city en
tertained her friends on Christmas eve with a pme
fieht'in the back parlor.
"How. do you like the slippery weather?**
"I like It and I don't like it."
"How's that?"
"Pretty Miss Bullion fell down Just
ahead of me to-day- and I ran to pick
her up."
"What an opportunity!"
"Was it? Just as I reached her I fell
down myself and kicked her muff out ot
her hands." 1
"What a misfortune!"— Pittsburg Press.
"Well, I suppose you see by this time '
that you are mistaken. We have had four
socials since they moved in and they
haven't. been to one of them."—Washing
ton Star.
"Did you say those folks who Just
moved Into the neighborhood were social
ists?" asked the woman who was leaning
over the back fence.
"Yes," answered the next door neigh
bor.
"It is true," said the person of high
Ideals, "that you have attained prosperity
by your, writings. But you have produced
nothing that will live."
"Well," answered the comfortable litter
ateur, "when it comes to a question of
which shall live, myself or my writings.
1 didn't hesitate to sacrifice my writings."
— Washington Star.
And those who are familiar with the
extent of the St. Louis mouth will see
the possibilities of danger that are hidden
behind this commonplace remark.—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
"Would you scream If I kissed you?"
inquired the young man from Chicago.
"No," said the St. Louis belle, "but I
might yawn." /*.¦';';
"Some people," said Uncle Eben, "looks
at de price tag so hahd dat givin' Chri3
mus glf's git3 to be purty nigh as col*
blooded as a hoss trade."— Washington
Star. Jr'*': f> :<<>.,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
In spite of the cost, however, the Germans are
holding bravely on their way toward colonial em
pire. Mr. Harris reports that in a recent address to
the merchants of Leipsic Dr. Vosberg-Rekow, di
rector of the German Bureau for the Preparation of
Commercial Treaties, said: "It is evident we .can
never give up our present policy relative to foreign
affairs or the strenuous efforts being made to become
a great sea power. We must engage in colonial poli
tics on a large scale. We must strive to expand our,
spheres of interest'and to. instill into our people the
consciousness of the necessity of an aggressive policy.
It is only by the annexation of territory beyond the
It is noted, , furthermore, that while the Germans
aim to make use of the colonies as producers of raw
material and consumers of manufactured products
made in Germany, there isalready a tendency in some
of the colonies to do their own manufacturing; and
it is believed the result will be -the establishment in
all successful colonies of something like commercial
and industrial independence, such as has been ob
tained in the British colonies of Canada and Aus
tralia.
The German colonial possessions have an area of
2,S57,ooo square miles. They are scattered in various
parts of the globe', and some of them are said to be
promising, but at present not a single one of them
is self-supporting. The report says the total income
from the colonies for 1900 was but $8,226,470, while
the expenditure required to manitain them was such
that the deficit for the year is estimated at nearly
$7,000,000. Moreover, in spite of the heavy expendi
tures and the efforts of the Government to procure
for the empire all. the trade of the colonies, Germany
gets but 50 per cent of their exports and sends to
them but 60 per cent of their imports.
FROM the State Department at Washington
there has just been issued a summary of a report
from Mr. Harris, consular agent at Eibenstock, v
giving an account of the commercial results of Ger
man experiments in colonial enterprises. The statis
tics given do not make a favorable showing and by
no means bear out the theory that "trade follows the
flag," but none the less the report makes it clear that
the Germans, if not satisfied, are at least determined
to not only carry on the present colonial enterprises,
but to expand them as rapidly as occasion serves.
GERMANY AND HER COLONIES.
Professor Edward Sheldon of Harvard has warned
the public against making, a fetish of dictionaries.
He says colloquial usage of a word is gpod enough
authority for a gentleman and a scholar, so it is prob
able he will not object to have his learned eloquence
referred to as "guff."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Miss Ernestine Cassell and Joseph
Kr^gen were married last evening at the
bride.'s" home, 1457 Geary street. On ac
count of the recent death of the groom's
mother, the wedding was a very quiet
one..-.. . :¦*¦.¦••¦ • , - . - • .. ¦ , ¦ ¦ .-_.-.¦
There was no end of fun over the bur
lesque, '"Die Walkure— As Wagner Never
Hoped for It." Ed Schmidel acted as Ger
Hilde and was seated upon a rocking
horse, which he only left at short inter
vals while he looked for the maidens,
Mme. Rusty Belts, Mme. Shoeless-Heink
and Mile. Frisky Cook. All possible the
atrical properties were brought into play,
including thunder, wind, lightning, horses
and piano. The maidens were: Mrs.
Lathrop, Miss Sarah Collier, Miss Cora
Smedberg and Miss Bessie Ames. MJsa
Edith Preston presided at the piano. .
The McCutcheons" have certainly proved
themselves artists in original Ideas of
entertaining. The long programme was a
delight from start to finish, and the sex
tet at the end was repeatedly encored.
"The Wheezy Six" they called them
selves on the programme— a sextet of
"Emerald "Voices from Emeryville." The
performers were dressed as country
lassies and bumpkins in the most laugh
able costumes, with manners to match.
They had been rehearsed by a profes
sional in true "Florodora" ethics, and the
results were more, than pleasing. The
sextet was t composed of B. G. Lathrop,
Mrs. ....a thro- - Mr. Schmldel, Mrs.
Schmidel, Miss Ames and Mr. Somers.
love with Signor Menicenti, a poor young
lawyer." I learn that the signor made love
to Miss in bad French and she
understood very little of the language.
The young lovers would have married
speedily, but Mrs. Rising Interfered, for
while Signor Menicenti is spoken of !n
the papers as an Italian of distinguished
reputation, he is unfortunately without
means and the prudent mamma has been
prevailing upon them to wait, but they
insist they will not hear of it. Mrs. Ris
ing 'has had her way so far, but the
American colony In Paris expect Cupid to
win out almost any day.
The engagement of Miss Ruth L. Ris
ing, daughter of Professor W. B. Rising
of the University of California, to SIgnor
Carrado Menicenti, an Italian, was re
ported from Rome over 'four months ago
and proved a surprise. More facts have
only just come to light. Miss Rising ac
companied her father to Europe on his
year's leave of absence. Professor Rising
was a member of a commission from this
Government to Investigate the condition
of the chemical industry in Germany and
France. It was while the Rising family
were traveling in Italy that Ruth fell in
« » , «
It is whispered that Sam Parker, who
has just- married Mi3s Campbell's mother,
will be the next Governor of the Islands,
and as the bridal couples will visit Wash
ington at once there will be a strong par
ty with a bright future.
TO-DAY Is an important one to Miss
Abigail Campbell and Prince David
Kawananakoa. Their wedding cere
mony will be performed at high
noon at the Occidental Hotel. "If all the
world loves a lover," and all the women
love a bride, Miss Campbell will get her
share of admiration. Yes, more, for the
usual comment, "she will make a beau
tiful . bride," can be sincerely passed upon
her. It would be difficult to find beauty
more fascinating. _ Miss Campbell has
some Hawaiian blood in. her veins, which
accounts for her rich black hair and olive
complexion." Her eyes are the deepest,
softest, dreamiest brown and her: figure
tall and willowy. Her gentle languor and
beautiful English lend the real charm to
her manner, while her gowns are dreams
in themselves. For the Hawaiian has
been reared , in luxury and enjoyed every
advantage of travel and education. The
gowns for her trousseau she recently se
lected in Paris, and they are . certainly
worthy of a Princess. Having had a real
look at the bridal gown, I may say with
out exaggeration that it is a poem. Re
naissance lace over white chiffon and taf
feta, with all the artistic touches of a
Parisian hand, ought to deserve the ad
miration they will be accorded to-day.
By Sally Sharp.
These official figures seem to negative a great deal
of the expectations that people have in the results of
municipal ownership. The. example, of* Massachu
setts should be followed : everywhere in the establish
ment of ¦ able and upright public commissions, free
frpm politics, to compel a uniform system > of ac
counting, public and private, , in the. case of all public
utilities. This should. be insisted on ".'as a condition
precedent to embarking ;; in 'public ownership, as by
no ' other means is it i possible to know the gain or
loss in such an "experiment. . .'
Of the 1375 lamps used in street lighting by these
eighteen cities 1250 are only J2oo-candle power and
125 are 2000-candle power. The lowest tax rate m
this group of cities is $1 10, the; highest $2 25, the
average $1 71." - , " \ ' ;
In Massachusetts great progress has been made on
the line of public ownership and also in securing such
public and private accounting as permits. a compari
son of the two systems. That State has a gas and
electric light commission, whose members are -ap
pointed for life, or during the proper discharge of
their duty. That commission by law • compels a
sworn accounting by municipalities arid private com
panies, showing every detail jof their business in fur
nishing light. From the report of this commission
the following showing was read by Mr., Jenkins of
San Antonio, Texas, ' to the recent meeting of the
Mayors' Association' of Texas: "Eighteen cities in
Massachusetts own and operate their lighting plants.
Of these fifteen are electric plants only and three
operate gas and electricity/ The expenses of these
eighteen cities : in operating their plants for the year
ending June 30, iooo, were $148,364 21 greater than
their income, and that sum was charged to the cost
of street lighting. The balance sheet of thelighting
plants of these' eighteen cities shows a deficit for the
year of $177,641 25. The rate charged private con
sumers for electricity by these cities varies from 10
cents per 1000 wratts in'Danvers to 25 cents in Hull,
on meter rates and in contract rates', three-fourths of
a cent per hour in North Attlebdrough to one "and a'
fourth cents per hour- in Hull for a sixteen-candle
power lamp. The price/of gas : in the three cities
owning their gas plants was, per 1000 cubic feet:
Middleborough; $2 63;: .Wakefield, $1 75; Westfield,
$1 64. The cost ; of. producing the gas was in: Mid
dleborough, $3 72; Wakefield, $2 05; Westfield, $1 24.
Crediting the expenses _of operation,' the entire -in
come from sales of electricity, and only charging the
net loss from operation to cost of city lighting, we
find the lowest cost - for arc lighting to s be, with /one
exception, $58 13 per year; the highest, $134 08, for
moon table lighting, the average being $75 '60 per
year; and for all-night lighting, $137 73 per lamp.
In the numerous instances in which we have given
the record and results of public ownership it has
seemed to be demonstrated that in the management
of a business 'public waste is equal, or more than
equal, to corporate profit, and that, therefore,' there
is no economy in public ownership, apd frequently
the quality of the service suffers by reason of the in
adaptation of government to business, f '.
THE Call has insisted that' no reliable informa
tion can' be had showing -the relative economy
of public and private ownership of public utili
ties, ¦ such as light, water, street railways, telephone,
telegraph and steam railways, until public accounts^
are kept with the same care as private accounts:
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
A Japanese Prince, now. visiting the East for the
purpose of studying railway construction went from
his work to a dinner party. in his overalls; and now
the leaders of the Four Hundred are trying to teach
him there is something, else to learn in this country
besides railroad work. . "f;^ ; v^i
The above is the Eastern commercial situation. Lo
cally, we are doing a good business. The tendency
in all grains and hay has been upward for some little
time, and prices for all are better than during the
fall, while the demand is excellent, and for some de
scriptions sharp. Flour has been advanced 25c per
barrel, the first change in months. Canned and dried
fruits, wine, wool, hides, hops, potatoes and the gen
eral run of farm produce are meeting with an excep
tionally good demand for this" season of the year,
though some cutting in cured meats were reported
at the close of the week. The export trade of the
port continues brisk, and nothing but cheerful re
ports come from the wholesalers, jobbers and retail
ers. If there is any lull in the East,' it has not ex
tended to California, which was never more prosper
ous than to-day. The banks, both city and country,
report large supplies of money available for solvent
borrowers at fair rates, and there are no failures suf
ficiently large to disturb the equanimity of the mer
cantile element Hence. we ought to be satisfied with
the outlook at the beginning. of the year, and most
oEuve.- " - ;.:•.,;
In spite of this unfavorable showing of the bank
clearings, however, commercial reports received from
all parts of the country were uniformly cheerful and
buoyant and expressive of confidence in the coming
year. The iron and steel situation continues to show
gfreat strength, gains rather than losses being re
ported from all points. The car shortage, however,
is still a serious drawback' to this industry and
threatens to affect both production and consumption.
Some of the blast furnaces are already shutting down
en this account, and supplies of coke are piling up
at the ovens. But on the other. hand, .Southern pig
iron has advanced 50 cents per ton, and in the East
ro orders are accepted for delivery before July 1. This
firmness in the raw product, however, is offset by a
cecline of $2 per ton in wire and nails owing to.in
creasing competition of outside makers. The other
staples are generally reported in good 'condition.
Rubber goods have advanced 8 per cent over a year
ago, but shoe shipments are decreasing, though still
larger than at this time last year. Copper has again
teen cut and brass has gone down in sympathy,
while tin is also lower. Provisions are unsettled at
Chicago, going up one' day and down the next, which
has been the rule for some time, the general plane of
values remaining practically unchanged. The grain
markets are quieter than they were a month or so
ago, but values have not varied much during ' this
period. Otherwise the great staples show no change
v'orthy of comment.
THERE was not much feature to trade last week.
There never is at the turn of the year. There
was a. falling o& of 9.4 per. cent from the pre
ceding year in the volume of business, however, as
s,ho\vn by the country's bank clearings, and for the
first time in a long while New York recorded a de
crease, the loss being 13.2 per cent. Boston, Phila
delphia, St. Louis and Cincinnati also showed- a loss
in clearings, while the gains of the other large centers
were small, that at Chicago being only 0.4 per cent
over the same week ir. 1901. The clearings of New
York were $1,377,000,000, quite a sharp decline from
the $2,000,000,000 and $2,350,000,000 of the past few
months, and the combined clearings of the whole
country were less than the recent average of New
York City alone. The failures were 270, against 266
last year, but aside from the embarrassment of the
fjreat Cleveland electric railroad and telephone syndi
cate, which was capitalizedcfor $130,000,000, they were
generally unimportant. The suspension of this syn
dicate was due to the undertaking of too many differ
ent enterprises, for while most of them paid good
dividends, the income derived from them had to be
civerted to build up the others to a paying basis, and
the load was too large.
BEGINNING OP THE COMMERCIAL
YEAR.
PRINCE K A W ANA N A K OA
CLAIMS BRIDE TO-DAY
DR. NICHOLAS MURRAY BUTLER will be the next president of Colum
bia University, of which he has been the head of the department of phil
osophy and education since 1895. Upon the resignation of Mayor-elect Seth
Low of New York Professor Butler was appointed acting president of the
university and has had charge of the administration of the Institution since that
time. . . ¦
Nicholas Murray Butler is a graduate of Columbia University of the class of
'82. The degrees of master of arts and doctor of philosophy vwere conferred upon
him at the close pf the two succeeding years. In 189S he received the degree of doc
tor of laws from Syracuse University. He is one of the foremost educators, both
theoretical and practical, In the United States.
After leaving Columbia College, in 1884, Butler was for one year in the univer
sities of Berlin and Paris. He returned to Columbia to accept the position of as
'sistant in philosophy, , which he held for four years. In'lS90 he became prof essor
of philosophy,, ethics and psychology and delivered a course of lectures on the his
tory of education, -which greatly enhanced his growing reputation as a student of
advanced educational theories. ,
For.five years between 1S86 and 1891, Professor Butler was. president of the New
York College for the Training of Teachers, now • the Teachers' College. He has
been for many years one of the most active and influential members of the Amer
ican Psychological Association and the National Council of Education. He is also
an editor of the Educational Review.
: -In March, 1S99, Professor Butler gained great publicity by applying the epithet
"educational mastodon" to Joseph J. Little, then president of the Central Board
of Educatfon. Mr. Little' took .the matter so seriously that he carried it before the
. Grand Jury of New York County and procured an indictment against Professor
Butler for 'criminal libel. ...
The affair was subsequently settled in an amicable way.
Professor Butler, besides being actively engaged in the work of education
itself, is the author of many of the best known works upon the subject.
.This is the fifteenth college presidency offered to Dr. Butler. • The other four
teen offers were declined by him. .' He has just turned his .thirty-ninth year. ,.
Representative Lovering of .: Massachusetts intro
duced at -the last session of Congress a resolution
providing for the adoption of a constitutional amend
ment, giving Congress authority, to legislate on the
subject. In New England the proposed amendment
will have strong support and doubtless the Northern
States generally will favor it, as ft -is. now recognized
that interstate competition renders^ labor legislation
a matter of national as well as : of State concern.
This, therefore, adds another to the aiready numer
ous list of ; proposed ,, constitutional amendments.\
Each and all ofthehitend to the increase of Federal
power. The' nearer ; the 'are drawn together
the greater is felt to be the needjof uniform legisla^
tipn on many; subjects thai 'in; former /years were .left
to the States., If the process of 'amending the con-:
stitution' were easy there" is no telling to what extent
it would ' be : changed by the numerous • classes ,'now
pressing for amendment for one purpose or another.
Fortunately the process is not easy. Where it is im
peratively necessary we' may safely say that amend
ments will be made, but otherwise the people will
prefer to put up with evils rather than run the risk
of worse by too free a change of the constitution un
der which the affairs of the country have been admin
istered with success for more than a hundred years.
In the South itself a strong movement" is under
way to bring about the enactment of labor, laws sim
ilar to those which have been adopted in the North/
but it is feared the efforts in that direction will be
long, in accomplishing' the desired purpose. 'The
more, eager advocates of , uniform labor laws have,,
therefore,. turned to. Congress and an attempt will be •
made to establish the uniformity : by Federal statute.
OUT 6f the competition which the Northern
cotton mills' have had to, meet' since the de-.
/velopment of cotton manufacturing in ' the
Soutn there has arisen a. demand among Northern
workmen for the ; establishment .. of uniform labor
laws throughout the Union. It is known that the
mills in the' South employ a considerable proportion
of child labor and that the hours of labor required
of all classes of workers are much greater than in the
North. Consequently the competition is felt to-be
unfair and efforts are • being made to equalize the
conditions.
EIGHT-HOUR LEGISLATION.
Since President Roosevelt has followed up his
grand reception on New , Year's day with a grander
ball at which Miss Alice Roosevelt was introduced to
society, It is evident that social functions at the capi
tal are to be made parts of the strenuous' life for. the
next four years. . - .. v •
The arsenal at Kiangnan, China, Is busy
turning out modern rifled guns.. Fifteen
quick-firers were tried at the testing butts
in one day with satisfactory results. The
guns consisted of 6-inch, 4-Inch, 20-pound
ers and 12-pounders. The Chief Commis
sioner of the arsenal has received urgent
orders from the Viceroys and Governors
of nine provinces to supply them with
large number of similar quick-firers, as
well as with smokeless powder, shot and
shell, which will be used In rearming the
forces on land and, sea of the nine .prov
inces. -ik'N
Thetrials of the French submarine boat
Espadon last month proved very sucess
ful as to speed. She averaged 9.47 knots
during a surface run of fifty-three hours,
an excess of 1.47 knots over the contract.
• ? •
The French submarines, Narval and
Morse, made a successful attack on two
cnast dpfpr-<!«» «sVt1ns. T?" i "vfr»o«i and Valmv.
which represented the attacking force, and
steamed into the harbor of Cherbourg. As
soon as the approach of the two ships was
signaled the two submarines got
ready. , and, taking advantage of
the darkness, disappeared unobserved
below the surface of the water
right in line of the attacking
ships, which they successfully torpedoed.
Those aboard the Bouvines and Valmy
were not aware of the presence of the
submarines until they rose to the surface,
and it is claimed that the utility of the
latter has been demonstrated by these
maneuvers. --i*. '.'.'.-
Sweden has ordered its first torpedo boat
destroyer from Yarrow. It Is of 320 ton3
displacement and thirty-one knots con
tract speed for three' hours. The price
paid i3 $241,500, with a premium of $2300 for
each cuarter knot excess of speed. A
balloon ship is to be built at a cost of
about $40,000, and several submarine boats
are recommended. ?.i*'«fT-j
Navy building Is' unusually active in
Sweden, and especially so in coast defense
ships. Four coast defense ships were
launched last year, namely: Toperheten.
Vasa and Acrau, of 3650 tons each, and
Dristigheten. of 3450 tons. The three first
named will be completed this year and the
fourth has had her trial, attaining a speed
of seventeen knots. Their armor belt is
7% inches Krupp plates, and their arma
ment consists of two 8.2-inch guns in two
turrets, six 5.9-inch quick-firers, ten 2.2
inch and two 1.4-lnch in broadside. The
twelve boilers are of the Yarrow type, and
the normal supply of coal 300 tons. . Three
older vessels of this type, the Svea, Gota
and Thule, are being modernized at a cost
of $950,000, and five monitors are -ecelving
new guns.
A recent dispatch concerning wireless
telegraphy' at sea states that: "Admiral
Bradford of the Bureau of. Equipment haa
»asked that the armored cruisers of the
Pennsylvania class have their masts and
rigging so arranged that the -wireless sys
tem can be introduced. This will necessi
tate the lengthening of the masts of the
ships and the insulation of the metal rig
ging by the use of hemp covering for hal
yards." The ships referred to have not
yet assumed any definite tangible shape
and their contract time for completion is
set for January. 1904, with the chance of
being one year behind time. Admiral
Bradford's move toward adoption of wire
less telegraphy in our navy cannot be said
to be rash when, as he knows, members
of ships in foreign navies have used the
system successfully for upward of a. year.
j This incidental part of the system, such 33
taller masts and Insulated rigging, is too
trifling for an official of his standing and
, responsibility to talk about, and Indicates
! a lack of go-aheadatlveness of the bureau
he represents. It is but small satisfaction
to learn that our navy will adopt wireless
telegraphy in 1904 or 1903, when other
navjes find it useful now.
There will be ten retirements for age
during the year In the higher grades of.
line officers in the United States Navy, in
this order: Rear Admirals "W. T. Samp
son and B. J. Cromwell, February 9; Rear
Admiral J. A. Howell, March 16; Rear Ad
miral N. H. Farquhar. April 11; Captains
L. J. Allen, February 23; John F. Merry.
March 5; L. W. Robinson. March 7; C. H.
Rockwell, April 29; J. D. Ford. May 19: C.
Andrade. September 1. Allen. Robinson,
Ford and Andrade are of the former engi
neer corps and are at present performing
engineer duty on shore. As all these retir
ing captains participated in the civil war
they will be retired as rear admirals and
receive $4150 annually. Rear Admirals
Sampson, Cromwell. Howell and Farqu
har, being in the grade ranking -with a
major general, will get the handsome re
tired pay of Jp625 a year.
Three assistant surgeons in the United
States - Navy have successfully passed
their physical and moral examinations far
promotion, but failed to pass the profes
sional examination. The latter failure i3
undoubtedly a very serious drawback to
their efficiency as healers of wounds and
disease. The "pull" will now be applied to
obtain a re-examination in the near fu
ture, during which period of "boning up"
and "cramming" the lot of the defenseless
sailors and marines Is to be commiserated.
That the time has come for the people to grapple
with this problem in earnest is now well understood
by all who have given it any consideration whatever.
The confusion and conflict in our laws should be
cleared away and legislation be made to conform to
the nature of the climate and the relation of water
to land. Suggestions are made in the report as to
the best means of accomplishing that end. • The ex
amples of other States and of other nations furnish
lessons which we should carefully study. The subject
is worthy the best efforts of the ablest and most pro
gressive men in the State. Moreover, the reform in
the irrigation laws should not be delayed. As Pro
fessor Mead says: "If the creation of institutions
worthy of the time and place can come as a part of
the world-wide movement toward the Pacific Coast
and of the material development of arid America by
public and private aid, which is now being' so stren
uously urged, the opening years of the twentieth
century will witness a new era of home-making in the
The problem before the people of the State is to .
devise some means of adjusting the control of water
so as to . conserve all of these interests. Unfortu
nately, the early settlers and founders of California
came from humid States and brought their old laws
and customs regulating water rights with them. The.
consequence is a confusion between the real needs
of the State and the statutes that govern irrigation
questions. "Ability and success in material develop
ment," says the report, "have been rendered futile
by a marked failure in legislation. Some of the best
examples of ditch construction tq be found in this
country are in California, but the operation 01 these
works is embarrassed by legislation which violates
every principle necessary to enduring success."
With all those advantages of soil and climate there
remains, however, much for man to do. The report
says: "Although irrigation is not a necessity, it is
everywhere of value, because its magic brings into
full fruition all of the attractions with which the State
is. so generously endowed." There are, however, in
California obstacles in the way of irrigation that are
not met with in any other arid State. In no other
are rivers used for both navigation and irrigation,
nor is there such a complexity of claims upon streams
and water rights.. Some of these claims cover the
right to the use of water for placer mining, some for
the supply .of water to cities, some for the generation
of electric power — and the' development of that
power, the report says, "will not cease until the latent
force of the cascades in every mountain canyon has
been harnessed in one way or another to the wheels
of California's industries."
The report begins by pointing out our unrivaled
possibilities. "As an agricultural State," it says,
"California stands alone. No other, humid or arid
commonwealth has as diversified products or high
priced farming land. In some respects the climate is
marvelous in its possibilities. The usual limitations
imposed by latitude are here set aside. Oranges ripen
as early and as surely at Oroville, ioo miles north of
San Francisco, as at San Diego, 500 miles south of
that city; and much of the State has the unique dis
tinction of being able to grow all the products of
New England and of Florida on the same acre of
land. Sacramento, which has the same latitude as
Southern Illinois, is surrounded by districts where
bluegrass lawns are shaded by palm and orange
trees. The summers are not too- hot for the turf,
nor the winters too cold for the trees. * j* * It
is the only State where crops can be harvested with
abselute assurance that rain will not. injure them, yet
where those crops can be grown by the aid of rain
fall alone."
-pvROFESSOR ELWOOD MEAD'S report, of
r-^the investigations made.in 1900 into the irriga
¦¦¦ tion problems of California has been published
in a form handsome, enough to attract attention
even if the public were indifferent to the importance
of the subject. It constitutes;. however, so valuable
a contribution toward the solution of some _ of the
difficulties in the way of the full development of the
agricultural resources of the State that no one who
gives it anything like a careful study can remain in
different to the need of adopting' a comprehensive
scheme of irrigation such as iias been suggested by -
Mr. Mead and the 'eight experts who assisted him
in making the investigations.
IRRIGATION IN CALIFORNIA
REAR ADMIRALS
WHO WILL SOON
BE RETIRED
It is a bold^ policy and a costly one. It ; puts a
heavy burden upon the German: people, but it will
be carried out .at whatever cost so long at least as
the present Kaiser is alive. This" is an age of impe
rialism and of colonial expansion... All great nations
are engaged in it, and the Kaiser is neither wiser nor
more foolish than the other strong men of the time.
seas, the . development of bur colonies, the organiza
tion and . direction of /emigration .to the. 1 same, "that
we may, ever hope tobein a position to' supply those
natural products which we are not able to produce
within the borders of the. home country."^
WELL-KNOWN EDUCATOR
COLUMBIA'S NEW HEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JANUARY 6, 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Lost In New York."
Alcazar— "The Wife."
Columbia— "Henry VIII."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — ¦'Cavalleria Kustlcana" and "Com-
S' and Tragedy."
California— "Whose Baby Are Your*
Tivoll— "Little Red Riding Hood."
Chutes. Zoo. and Theater — VaudevUle every afternoon and
rVC Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.TWENTY-NINTH CANDIDATE
FOR THE GALLOWS AT SAN
. QUENTIN.
After. being cut steel pens: ace annealed
and ; tempered ' with oil to insure great
springiness to the : pens. •,
Roanoke Rye.*- Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. ;.. v . ,'¦' *
John Henry, fireman - on the. lumber
schooner Gualala, who was severely, scald
ed by an explosion in the engine-room on
the night of December 23 while the vessel
was on her way from Albion* to this port,
died at the Marine Hospital. Saturday aft
ernoon. The body was <' removed to the
Morgue yesterday. - • •
Dies From His Burns.
Mrs. Mary Xagan. a widow, 70 years of
age, who lived at 250 Locust avenue, fell
dead "on the sidewalk at McAllister and
Franklin streets about 7 o'clock . yester
dry morning as she was on her way home
from St. Ignatius Church. The body was
removed to the Morgue. Heart disease Is
supposed to have caused her death.
Tails Dead on Sidewalk.
This coming Thursday the great manu
facturers* sale of shoes will start. This
will be continued f qr all time. The pub
lic has been made sufficiently acquainted
with why the Bee Hive Shoe Co., is in a
position to sell their goods for less than
any : other' shoe store in Sam Francisco.
For; a starter there will be on sale 5000
pairs of men's and women's shoes worth
$2.50 for just $1.00. The windows exhibit
the kind and - the table Is loaded with
them. .You will find all sizes. They are
well made and stylish, regular $2.50 shoes
for $1.00. Thursday at the Bee Hive Shoe
Co., 717 Market St.. , near Third. •
Of Interest to Shoe Buyers.
- "The news that '- 1 was doing well set
many ex-convicts, on .my. track.. They
would drop In to see me j and , forced me
to help them with money and provisions.
My Nemesis was an ex-convict known as
•Nosey' McDonald. With another con
vict McDonald located me at my » store
and .. demanded $50 from ' me, threatening
to expose me as an ex-convict. I refused
to be blackmailed and. he gave me away.
In aday every one In Red Bluff knew
that I had been in Folsom. In the pres
ence" of many ' lady customers ' a deputy
sheriff came up -to me, in the - store ¦ and
said: , 'So you are an ex-convict. I. will
keep my eyes on you.' My business feil
off and '.': I quit " in '. disgust. I gave ¦: my
share to my partner, but he closed up in
a'month. — ¦>; >¦ -T . ' .
- **I went to Carbonado. Wash., -and got
work in • a- coal mine. ,1 went'.under'my
right . name, as there were ; many : people
there who knew my folks. .One night an
ex-convict ': named • Riley ¦_ saw me at ¦¦ a
dance. He wanted to dance with a certain
girl and she refused : to j dance with -. him.'
Then, in-the .presence of every one. ; he.
said i to her, 'Well, you ! can't afford to
dance with that fellow; he is'anex-con
.vlct from Folsom, California.' M: denied it;'
but It : was no use. .: He told > everything he
knew J; about; me,' - and > my ' friends went
back on -me. :I had to leave my boarding
house,- and again; started, away, and : went
to» Montana,- where.; I got a job loading
coke at $5 a day. ? • * ;
' VI ; felt ; sure that I would - be < all right
there, but again I « was tracked. -An ex
convict 'knownvas . 'Wooden * Peg Leg'
recognized' me and told every one in the
Tracked by Ex-Convicts.
"After I left Folsom." continued Ross,
"I determined to lead a proper, life. I
had read a great deal of literature while
In prison and am familiar with " many of
the classics. What I had read taught me
that Jt was best to settle down and not
rove around. But the pernicious influence
of Folsom Prison seemed to follow me
everywhere. An angel In San Quentin or
Folsom would be corrupted. - I have a
brother and a brother-in-law who are In
business in San Francisco and I appealed
to them. They promised to give me a
start in life. I went to Red Bluff . and
opened a fish and game store. I had a
partner and we o~ — ~" the Oak-street
market. We did weir and I was making
more than $125 a month clear Profit. V
Ross then detailed how he managed to
get his plunder to San Francisco and how
he was often tempted to send it back to
the owner. All he realized from the rob
bery 'was $30 for two watches he pawned.
The rest of the stolen goods was found .in
his room when he was caught by detec
tives.
He received four years for burglary and
two years additional for breaking out of
tne VIsalia jail, but was released <>n
habeas corpus at the < expiration of ms
first sentence.
"I made the greatest mistake of my life
at Tulare, and it was the first step that
subsequently brought me to where I. now
am. I ran into a number of tramps out
side Tulare and they talked of how easy
it - was to 'turn a trick and get away.'
They were talking of crime and planning
robberies and mentioned Goldman's store
in Tulare. The thought 'of committing
crime never entered my head. I walked
into Tulare and out of curiosity located
Goldman's place. " I looked in the store
and then I saw an open cellar door. B On
the Impulse of the moment I went In, re
mained until the store was closed up and
then stole some jewelry and a few suits
of clothing." , .
The Greatest Mistake of Life.
The best work I could do was to - drive
a four-mule team for 75 cents a day. I
was sick at heart and felt, disappointed
with myself. "I went around trying to get
a decent job, but there were dozens of
men idle at that time. -,;./-¦
THE Supreme Court of the United
States •will be asked to-day to
save the life of Herbert Ross, .
who Is condemned to die at San
Quentin prison next Friday morn-
Ing for the killing of Deputy Sheriff W.
J. Ward of San DiejbO County in a des
perate attempt to escape from custody in
November, 1899.
Ross, who had a prior conviction against
him, was sentenced in San Diego in 1893
to ten years in San Quentin, having plead
ed guilty to a charge of, burglary.
Deputy Sheriff Ward was in charge of
Ross on the . steamer Santa Rosa when
the officer received injuries at the hands
of the convict that resulted in his death
a few days later. When Ward took his
prisoner on board the steamship the most
friendly relations existed between them.
The officer treated the prisoner with con
sideration and the trip was expected to bs
devoid of Incident.
At Santa Barbara Sheriff Matthew Stew
art boarded the vessel with a prisoner
named Andrew. Castro, en route to San
Quentin. On Saturday, November 11, 1899,
while the Santa Rosa was tied up to the
wharf at Port Harford, tne two officers
and their prisoners took a promenade^n
the deck during the afternoon. Ross ask
ed Ward to take him to his cabin, as he
was feeling tired -and sleepy. /
Ward complied with the request, and
escorked his shackled prisoner to his
stateroom. With none to witness, the
deed, Ross suddenly made an attack on
the unfortunate officer with a heavy glass
water bottle. While Ward was dozing in
a chair Ross struck him on the head with
the bottle and In the struggle that en
sued continued to beat Ward until he
was rendered helpless. Locking Ward In
the cabin, Ross slipped down a rope Into
the water and hid under the wharf.
He subsequently climbed aboard the
ship and gave himself up to Sheriff Stew
art, who found Ward in a dying condi
tion. Ward was taken to the hospital at
San Luis Oblspo, where he died on the
2Sth of the month. Ross, after being
taken to San Quentin,- was returned to
San Luis Obispo, where he was tried and
found guilty of murder in the first degree
and sentenced to death.
Take Steps to Save Boss.
His attorneys, William Graves of San
Luis Obispo and ex-Supreme Court Jus
tice Van Fleet, have taken every step to '
save Ross from the gallows, i The case I
was taken to the Supreme Court of the
State on an appeal for a new trial, which
was denied. The United States Circuit
Court of Appeals was asked last week to
issue a writ of habeas corpus for Ross,
but the Federal Judges declined to inter
fere in the case.
With but four days of life left to Ross,
his attorneys will seek the intervention of
the highest court of resort in the land
failing which Ross will pay the dread pen
alty, of the law on Friday morning, un
less the Governor intercedes.
Ross ascribes his present terrible posi
tion to two factors: the Jack of self-con
trol and the persecution of his former as
sociates in prison and of law officers.
The condemned man yesterday received
a representative of The Call and for two
hours he talked of his life and the near
approach of death. Within a few feet of
the spot in the old furniture factory of
San Quentin Prison, where the gallows
awaits its twenty-ninth victim, and the
ropes are already stretched for the sched
uled grewsome event of Friday, Ross told
of his life that will probably be cut short
An. its twenty-seventh year.
"My name Is not Ross." said the con
demned man, "but I will not tell my right I
name. My mother is alive and she knows
nothing of my fate. I was born east of '
the Rocky Mountains, where my father J
was superintendent of a coal mine. He i
was killed by an explosion in 18S3. I have
three brothers and one • sister living In '
California. They know of my condtion '
and have helped me with means to save
my life. They have kept everything from
my mother as to what I have done. -
"I was educated in the public schools
of the State in which I was born and I ¦
attended the State University of /Kansas
for one year. I was preparing to study
medicine, but gave' it up. I was brought
up In a ranch country and I longed to ko ¦
back to that kind of life. !
,. Never Drank or Gambled. !
"I never drank three glasses of liquor i
in all my life.'," I never gambled and I did
not smoke until I went to prison for the'
first time. No • one can say that ¦ I was
quarrelsome. I never had but three trifling'
fist. fights In all my days." ? ¦ , i
<,' Ross then told how he had started but i
In life; Wr himself after leaving college. !
He says that in 1889 he accompanied Pro- ¦
lessors Van Buren and . Wilson = of t the
Smithsonian Institution on a trip to South
America, acting as servant and general
UM,r«iW HUM iVl mi iWll ill IM f n it HIifMl ¦~JtTWmilllHI »«J^W—H I ¦ i HI— n » ¦ .Ifl
- Ross has . given .ne trouble to' the "offi
cers • who | have him In charge I and many
of them ¦: feel > that ; - but { for, his previous
convictions he would have not' been con
victed of murder In the first degree, but
would j have -been given : the ; penalty , of
life, imprisonment. .."." '.. .--':¦.
¦ "Even in prison it is possible for a con
vict to show that; he Is a man and a de
cent man. If my death sentence is
changed to life Imprisonment I would try
to earn my pardon in the course of time.
It is easy for people to say that death
is ;to be preferred • to 1 life imprisonment,
but they do; not know what- it mean3 to
be In the shadow of death at Ihe hands of
the, law. I, realize that if . the Supreme
Court of the United 'States will not inter
fere in my case that I have but four days
to -live, r I am resigned i to my fate, and if
I am to die I will do so manfully." _ . ;
• Ross was visited yesterday afternoon by
his sister and. her husband. The officers
of- San Quentin Prison declined to make
known ,- their identity. „- •
"Prisons^ should be so, governed that
the prisoners should be graded. The as
sociation of young prisoners, sent i up for
small . offenses, with old and . hardened
criminals eradicates all good feelings and
dooms ; them : to a felon's fate. <--•¦."
Says He Will Die Manf ully.
"I realize that I have lacked will power
and -self-control and that there is no ex
cuse why I ' should have committed any
crime. I should have told every one that
I was an ex-convict when I first came
out of Folsom and asked them to help
me along. If Judges and law officers
would help ex-convlcts.to reform instead
of persecuting them and hounding them,
lots of young men would leave prison and
become good citizens. The only encour
agement they , now receive is from . old
convicts, who- lead them on to deeper
crime. : -' >-. ..
When Ross was asked what he consid
ered the greatest mistake of his life he
answered: "It was my first step In crime
at Tulare.""
In eloquent tones the condemned man
continued:
"Stewart cursed me and said, 'If that
man dies I will 'hang you for it.' I was
convicted on perjured testimony. Castro,
the convict, swore that when he was
ironed tome that I told him I intended to
kill both the* officers. He has confessed
to I three people since then that he gave,
false evidence in order to help himself, i"
sent him a letter here in San Quentin and
he told me that if my lawyer would get
him out of trouble he would tell the truth.
"I believe that I am guilty ; of man
slaughter and have never denied striking
Ward. I am not a brute devoid of all
feeling, as some want to make me out.
A- few minutes before Ward took me to
the cabin he showed me the photos of his
*ife and children. I had no feeling
against him, for he treated me kindly.
Why should I kill him? I only wanted to
render him senseless so that I could es
cape.".
Says Castro Testified Falsely.
"I got his keys and $20 in gold from his
pockets and slid down a rope into the
water. I hid under the wharf. I was
there for more than an hour. Then I won
dered if I had hurt Ward seriously and I
made up. my mind to go back to the ship.
"I climbed up a rope and went to Sher
iff Stewart. I was afraid that I had hurt
Ward badly as everything was so quiet on
the ship. I told Stewart that I had
struck Ward and I wanted him to see If
his injuries were very bad. Stewart took
me to the cabin and broke the door in
that I had locked. He found Ward sitting
in : a chair with his bead resting in his
hands and bleeding.
stole six valises and got away with them.
I put them in a trunk and shipped them
to San Francisco. I stole them on the Im
pulse of the moment, i I was caught soon
afterward, and in order to avoid a trial I
entered a plea of guilty and was given ten
years in San Quentin.. :
"I admit that I assaulted Deputy Sheriff
Ward when he was bringing me up on
the Santa Rosa. I never Intended to kill
him. All I thought of was -to make my
escape. I dreaded the term in , prison. I
had.no plans laid as to how I could get
away. When Ward took me to the caDin
he dozed . off to sleep in a chair.. I saw
the heavy water bottle and the thought
came into my head that if I could render
him senseless for an hour or so I could
get away. I struck him a light blow and
he jumped-up and grappled with me. I
struck him again, and as he continued to
.fight" I hit him a third time. If I had in
tended to kill him I could have ¦ done so
with, one heavy blow of the bottle. I
could have crushed his head like an egg
with that thick bottle if I had so desired.
? This week's list of entertainers at
Fischer's Concert-house includes the tal
ented Sorenson children: Mile. Atlantis,
fire and rainbow dancer; Max Steinle, Ger
man comedian;. Mons. d'Aulnals, tenor;
the Volkyra family of hand balancers:
Joseph Lyons, an acrobatic dancer and
singer; Carita. the wonderful girl con
jurer and the Paloma Ladies' Quartet-
Hinrichs* orchestra will play the latest s«
lectlons.
• • •
"Little Red Riding Hood" is still crowd
ing the Tivoli to its capacity, and the pop
ular holiday piece will probably hold the
boards for some weeks to come. The first
bill of the comic-opera season has been
announced, however, and will be "The
Ameer," one of the most successful of the
operas introduced . by Frank Daniels. An
excellent company of comic-opera singers
has been gathered together, the best in
the history of the house, and when "Little
Red Riding Hood"- gives them a chance
there will be some music -worth hearing at
the TivolL
"Lost in New York," a stirring melo
drama' dealing with life in the
metropolis. will • go * on - at the
Central • this week. A striking scenic
feature of the kind that the Cen
tral management Is becoming famous for,
will be a view of the North River, with a
tank of real water, and real boys swim
ming In it. It is one of the cleverest stage
Illusions that even the Central has bad.
To-night at the Alcazar play-goers will
have the opportunity of renewing ac
quaintance with an old-time favorite here
in the person of George Osbourne. Mr. Os
bourne will make his appearance in Henry
de Mille and Belasco's best play, "The
Wife." It goes without saying that the
Alcazar company will be efllcient in Mr.
Osbourne's support and that the careful
mounting that is a feature of all the Al
cazar productions will also be given to
the week's play.
Next week a play that Is. new here, that
was written for the leading man at the
Alcazar, M. L. Alsop. will be put on. The
play is named "A White Rose," and is of
the romantic order.
The second of the series of symphony
concerts under the auspices of the San
Francisco Symphony Society will take
place at the Grand Opera-house next Fri
day afternoon at 3:15 sharp. Director Paul
Steindorff has prepared an exceptionally
interesting programme for this occasion
and hi'3 orchestra of fifty-five men, with
Giulio Mlnetti as concertmeister, has been
most carefully rehearsed for some weeks.
The sale of seats will begin at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s to-morrow morning, with
prices ranging from 50 cents to $1 50.
The farewell week of the Minnie Sellg
man engagement at the Grand Opera
house will be given over to a grand double
bill, "Cavalleria Rusticana," dramatized
by A. Carrano, and W. S. Gilbert's "Com
edy and Tragedy." Miss Seligman should
find a congenial opportunity in the strenu
ous role of Santuzza in "Cavalleria," and
there is plenty of good material in the
Grand Opera-house Stock Company for
her support. "Comedy and Tragedy" has
not been seen 'here for some time and
should prove an Interesting addition to
the bill.
"King Henry VIII," with Madame Mod
jeska as Queen Katherine, and Louis
James as Cardinal VVolsey, is the import
ant attraction at the Columbia Theater
this week. The leading actors bring their
fame with them, but there are many good
players less well known here in the sup
porting company. The scenic effects, for
which the play affords many splendid op
portunities, are complete, correct in his
torical detail, and exceptionally rich and
handsome. The organization 'lumbers
thirty-seven people and two carloads of
scenery are used in the production.
The rollicking fun and ingenious com
plications of "Whose Baby Are You?"
served to keep the California's audience
hilariously amused from tho begining to
the end of the farce last night. The play
is well acted all through and prettily
staged. It deserves a larger audience
than greeted it last evening. Charles "W.
Bowser plays the bewildered artist, who
has babies thrust upon him at every turn,
and isi fully adequate in the part. May
Vokesi gives a quaint sketch of Abigail,
the janitor's daughter, and gets a good
deal of genuine fun out of the role. Her
make-up is a thing of beauty. One of the
cleverest .things in the farce is Fred Run
nel as the Baron Leopold. He has a
Dutch accent that sounds as if it were
made in Germany and throughout looks
and acts like an animated Pliegende
Blatter sketch. The rest of the company
is capable and the piece goes with snap
and vim throughout. The climax of the
second act, when three babies are discov
ered all by their tiny, selves in the middle
of the stage, is the funniest feature of the
play and when the astonished infants
laughed and cried alternately at their
houseful of admirers the enthusiasm
reached its limit. "Whose Baby Are
You?" should do a good business this
week. Richard Golden, in "Old Jed
Prouty," follows.
* * •
Mr* and Mrs. Gardner Crane, in a pleas
ing and original „ comedy, "Am I Your
Wife?" give a most creditable and Inter
esting act. •
The three Westons are good musicians
and fill one of the most attractive fea
tures on the bill.
Hitter's trained dogs and new pictures
on the American biograph complete the
performance.
Piccolo's Liliputians do again this week
their clever musical and gymnastic spe
cialties. . ¦
Jessie Dale, the girl barytone, sings sen
timental songs splendidly and got a rous
ing reception.
Jacques Inaudi, whose marvelous math
ematical juggling amazed the East when
he was first imported, mystified the house
with his phenomenal lightning calcula
tions and mental exactness with dates.
Eddie Girard and ' Jessie Gardner, al
ways one of the most popular teams that
annually vi3it the coast, are the main
feature of the performance. "The Sou
brette and the Cop," so long associated
with Girard's career, has many whimsical
charms added to it this year and was
most cordially encored by the big audi
ence. Miss Gardner sings and dances with
animation and is a finished comedienne.
The Orpheum's. bill this week Is better
even than the star attraction of. the reg
ular Orpheum road show, which held the
boards during the holidays. Every num
ber on the programme Is entertaining.
Attractions . Are Billed for
All the Theaters This
Week. •
Proves to Be Even Bet
ter Than the Regular
Road Show.
ORPHEUM'S BILL
UNUSUALLY GOOD
HIGHEST COURT WILL BE ASKED
TO SAVE LIFE OF HERBERT ROSS
Condemned Man, Sentenced to Die Next Friday Morning, Talks
rreeiy oi nis career and oays lie Is a Victim
CONGREGATIONAL
CHURCH THRIVES
Rev. Dr. Adams Reports
a Large Id crease in
Membership.
Denies Report' That House
of Worship Will Be
Removed.
Harmony, handshaking and all-round
congratulatory greeting marked the serv
ice at the First Congregational Church,
Mason and Post streets, yesterday. ] At
the communion service the attendance
was the largest. that has been known at
any similar service for the last five years.
About two-thirds of the members of the
church were present, which is a large pro
portion, allowing for sick and absent,
members.' To add to the fervor of the
service twenty-six new members were re
ceived by the pastor, the Rev. Dr. George
C. Adams.--
Dr. Adams announced with much satis
faction that no less than 117 members
had been received during the past year,'
of whom, he was especially pleased to
note, fifty-five were men. The proportion
of males t o females in the membership
nad, he said, Increased* in a year from one
to two and one-twentieth to one to-one
and five-sixths. The attendance was at
all times about one-half men, a fact which
refuted the statements frequently made
that men do not go to church. < -
Dr. Adams said that the membership of
the First Congregational Church is now
«00 and all are in direct communication
with the church, while the increase in the
regular income last year was $1000, a gain
for which the people were highly praised.
During the service the pastor asked for
5100 for the deacons' fund for the help of
the poor of the church, and in response
the offering amounted to over one hun
dred -and eleven dollars.
The attendance at the first Sunday
school meeting of the New Year was also
the largest for five years.
Dr. Adams said yesterday:
I am pleased to say that besides the pros
perity of the First Congregational Church dur
ing the past year there has been absolute
harmony amone the members, and . the spirit
of church work and consecration is growing
rapidly. This church, located as it is down
town, offers unusual advantages to the large
and increasing number of people in the hotels
and boarding-houses. *
For some time there have been rumors aSoat
that the First Concretrational Church con
templated moving; from its present location. Aa
to that I would like to say most emphatically
that there is no foundation whatever for the
reports.
RAILROAD MEN HONOR
J. I*. FRAZIER WITH BANQTJET
Eetiring Superintendent of Western
Division. Is Bidden Good-by
and Good Luck.
J. L. Frazier, the retiring superintend
ent of the Western division, Southern Pa
cific Railroad, was the guest of honor at
a banquet tendered Saturday evening in
this city by a number of his railroad col
leagues. The banquet, which was held
in a downtown restaurant, gave the rail
road men an opportunity to say good-by
and good luck to Mr. Frazier, who leaves
to-day to assume the positions of super
intendent and manager of the Toledo, St.
Louis and Western Railway.
Among those present were the follow
ing: James Agler, J. H. Wallace, W. H.
Russell, F. F. Lloyd, Charles Lincoln, J.
C. Wilder, H. Englebright, Thomas Lane,
Dan Robertson, Thomas Ahearn, E. M.
Cutting. G. D. Capham, W. H. Naughton,
Paul Helmars, J. W. Dickinson, G. D.
Wright and A. W. Baker.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^LyMON
helper to the scientists. Then he went to
British Columbia and later journeyed to
the south seas with Captain Baxter, in ¦' a
missionary ship. Frtftn the Tonga Isl
ands, Ross says, he went to Japan-, re
turned to Vancouver in 1892 and went to
the Chicago World's Fair in 1893, riding
for "Buffalo Bill" as : a vaquero in the
"Wild West" show. .- - . :
Ross learned of his father's death in
1S93 and went home in February, 1894, and
later joined his brothers and sisters in the
Puget Sound country.
"That was the happiest time of my life,"
said Ross, "and though I had to work Hard
in a logging camp I had nothing to bother
about. I left that country on account of a
girl. I don't want to mention her name,
for it would only disgrace her. I ran
away with her, but her folks got track of
us and the police took her back and let
me go away. We were in love with each
other and it broke me all up. I came to
California and had but little money left.
I managed to get a job for a draying firm
for $20 a month in San Francisco and a
few weeks later I went down to Hanford.
place. I was discharged from my position
and had to leave the town."
a "Then I went back to the Puget Sound
country, and after a time came to Califor
nia,' as my brother and brother-in-law of
fered to give me a position in their busi
ness In San Francisco. One day I was
with my sister in Chinatown when a mor
phine fiend came up to me and said he
was with me in Folsom and-wanted an
introduction to. my sister. I refused to do
so and he, abused me on the street, calling
me an ex-convict in the presence of my
sister * and strangers • who were j on the
sidewalk.' r ¦•¦-.-¦ ;'; v :
- Felt Life Was a Burden.
"I felt that my life was a burden to me
and; that no matter where I went my rec
ord ,at Folsom would follow me. I have
always acted Impulsively, and I made up
my mind to go right- down to San Diego.
I, 'tried to .get "work at the hotels, and
¦while passing through a hallway in one
hotel I saw a door open. I .went into the
room and took two valises and then made
up my mind to make a good job of it. I
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN THE GOOD OLD FASHIONED
DAYS.
Powdered "Wigs Formed an Important
Adjunct to a Gentleman's Apparel.
It is safe to say that the majority of
bald men- of to-day would gladly revive
the old, dignified custom if they could.
But they can do the next best thing to it;
that is. to revive the growth of the hair
nature gave them.
In cases where the . hair root or hair
bulb has not been completely destroyed
by parasites that infest it, Newbro's Her-
picide will do wonders in the way of stim-
ulating the growth of lifeless and falling
hair. Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect. That is the successful mission of
Herpicide. :i>/vV?5
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on tbe other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
tbe city — depots, ferries and park»~
pass the -entrance.
American and European plans.
? ' -_ . - -
AMUSEMENT S*
liL'f H1ATR IL^A*
¦f lip BEGINNING
lilr TO-MGHT.
I IIS r fV"-" Superb Production of Be-
8 I I k- lasco and De Mine's •
W_ |a —gj Great Masterpiece.
Magnificent Costumes!
Gorgeous Scenery!
Reappearance of
H ¦ Mr. George Osbourne.
B Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c
and 75c.
Matinees Saturday and
Sunday. -
Ifext 'Week — "FOR THE
WHITE ROSE."
TO-XIGHT AND THIS WEEK ONLY
(Matinee Saturday).
Mr Myron B. Bice Presents the Effervescent
Ecstasy.
WHOSE BABY
ARE YOU?
WITH j. ¦
7Vl/\V r UOKES, #"«V
CHAS. W. BOWSER Wmk
And & Strong Company. vl&iri
SEATS READY. /fcCWa
Next Sunday— RICHARD GOL- /2if*fr
den. ¦n.f&te&r ¦
In "OLD JED PROTJTT." >it,45f?
SEATS THURSDAY. '
« Sal Ml ES Kr i t?8 Eg I
CENTRAL PARK,
Market etreet, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
SATURDAY "and SUNDAY;
- ADMISSION 25c AND 50c
d visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
SiSUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
A £fe i: SI 1USZZT SI. tat 6±*Ki, S.T.UL k
\ SI' The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
0 -, J, _ Woe Id. Weaksessc* or any contracted i I
Z. B£=£rt *s"« po»j«l««-ly *¦¦¦•* by the oldest '
O IS? fa 8 Specialist on the Coast. Esl 36 year*. Q
!& SSI 0B * JORDAN-DISEASES <>? MEN | I
¦ »t?^H Ccmu!titfc:» free and strictly priYatf.
I jAfJ H Treatment personally or by letter. A i I
S \f <?k «3 Potitae Cut* in every case undertaken. '
? \\ II*? Write for Book. PBILOSUPOV of/ \
a I BtnniAcE, mailed free, (a I
k Q Q Talnable book for mm) .. - \
V OR JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Mftrlrpt St.. S. P. V
®UM. VIGOR. VITALITY for Mt.N
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leader* of tho
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tho
worst cases In old and youiig
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or -
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lent
Manhood. Impotency. Lost ¦
Power. Night Losses. Insom
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame BacX
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. — - Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *SCJ vous Twitching oC
Eyelids. Effectsare Immediate. la.
; part vigor andpote CMTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped vrgans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box: 6 for
'12 £0 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.,
; San Francisco. Cat GRANT DRUG CO.. 34
and 40 Third at.
SCHIPT10N
« WEAK WOMEN.
U "U"' »*>*V»i -m Big «3 Is • non-poiwreoTu
r stflnffiHffihii^ ffl remedy for Gonorrhoea. .
'^K^iniip^fl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
ilisr CURES AS! Whites, unnatural dia-
£%£% la lui ttj*. VI charge*, or any isflamns-
ffJttM Goxrtstecd t» tion, irritation or ulcero-
jL***J?» . — ,»..~. tion of on com mea-
C 8. A. by express, prepaid, las
A^SxVjK. '_ X7W i 1 - 00 - or 3 DOttlet, |2.T3.
Bi Circular sent oa request.
Cl "Patents! J
MARKET ST. S F N^£fT
— : ; :
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives n-alih vnd
strength to sexual organs. Depot. &22 Market.
BADWAY'3 BL'ADY KEL1KF has stoci
unrivaled before the public for 50 years aa
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quick]*
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, . Influenza. Bron.
chltis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia^ "
Headache. Toothache and -all pain. - Internallj
tor Malaria and an Bowel Pains. All druggists.
Specialists
tFOR
Men
STRICTLY RELIABLE
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OV GENERA!.
debility and convalescence following certain
diseases, each Is the lowered standard of ti>»
vital processes that the function of no organ
is perfectly performed, and with the re-
sulting depression the patient has a REAIj
weakness. The physician's first thought, under
these condition^ I* nerve and other tonic*.
Not Weakness-
Symptoms !
By far the greater rmrnber of patients, how-
ever seeking: relief for so-called "Weakness"
Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which,
has been damaged by either "a. contracted dis-
order or early dissipation. These patients hara
no weakness. at all. Prematureness, Loss of
Vitality etc., are the symptoms, or disordered
function, of the chronically Inflamed prostate
gland. We Bad by curing' this Inflammation
that full vigor at once returns. It should b*
understood that tonics, electricity, etc, might
cure a real weakness, but would do harm in
Inflammation. Th- mala object Is to reduce
the size of the tender, swollen and inflamed
prostate. This w« accomplish by local treat-
ment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have un-
successfully treated for a weakness should now
understand the cause of failure. We send free
on application a colored chart of the organs
which will be found useful in home diagnosis
and Interesting to all wishing to study th*
anatomy of the male.
Offices and Hosoltal. entire ossw Hot
Dr. Taicott&Co., 9a7 Mantel si., uor. 6fa
ADVEBTISSMENTS.
TELEPHONE *-f$%% M WFllfl
222-224. S UTTER ST.
Hereafter we will close Saturday Even-
ings at 6:30. s
EXTRA SRECIAL
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY. .
Ladies' long-looked-for stock-tak-
ing sale of
SOUSE FURNISHING GOODS and
KITCHEN UTENSILS
AT 15 PER GENT REDUCTION,
All metal and hardware goods hav«
advanced lately, some as high as 50
per cent, and as we are offering aAmost
every article at the old price, 15 per
cent means a large reduction. Thia
sale includes our entire lines of—
Genuine Agate. Clothes "Wringers,
White Enamel. Oilcloth.
Blue and Gold Dusters, Brooms.
Ware; Whisk Brooms.
Tin, Wooden and Jelly, Pudding and
Household Hard- Ice Cream Mold.
ware; Scales and Coffee
Curtain Stretch- Mills,
ers, ' Sad Irons and
Cutting Tables, Wash Boilers,
Trays and Brush- Gas Torches and
es of every de- Tapers,
scription. Carving Sets,
Chafing Dishes, Kitchen and Table
Five O'clock Teas, Cutlery.
Nickel-plated Tea Door Mats, .
and Coffee Pots, Pails, Galvanized,
Wire Goods, Wood and Fiber,
Bathroom Fix- And thousands of
tures, other specialties.
Refrigerators, • " f£ : - ;
GROCERIES.
TEA, An o i5c h T 9 e h os srad * Ib 40c
OLIVE 0IL," s^ o a £* a " large hot 75c
Purest and highest grade this State
produces.
CRANBERRIES, Cape Cod 2 qts 25c
Regular 15c quart.
CLARET, a good table wine gal 35c
Regular 50c. '•:> *
CIGARS, "VELASQEZ" have arrived
at last.
COLDS
1 regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life insurance policy.
It not oaty cures colds in the head,'
colds in the lungs, colds ic the bones,
but It wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo- '
nia, and consumption.— flUNYON.
Mucyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieve
fa one to thiee hours, and cures in a few days.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Mnnyxm's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats, j
fcUavs soreness and speedily heals the lungs. i
Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains in the
hack, loins or groins, and all fonnsof kidney disease.
Munyon's Vitalizcr restores lost powersto weak men.
All the cares are 25 cents, at any dreg: store.
Miin van's Guide 10 Health should be in the
hands of every mother. It trill help them to knew
the symptoms of every disease ana tell them the
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Mcnyon. New York and Philadelphia.
KCXYOX'S IXH1XEB CUBKS CATXBBH. ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
Beginning TO-XIGHT,
Every Night This Week (Except Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MODJESKA AND JAMES
And an Incomparable Company In "*¦>_
HENRY VIII.
The most complete, sumptuous and scholastic
production ever shown here.
Next "Week— MODJESKA and JAMES In
repertoire.
NEW BILL FOR NEW YEAR!
Jacques Inaudi, Girard and Gardner, '
The Three "Westerns, Alf Holt, Jes-
sie Eale, Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane, Picolo's Liliputians, Bit-
ter's Trained Dogs, and The Bio-
graph-
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box
Eeats and Opera Chairs. 00c.
* 1'.! fLS*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
".THE tVINNEH OF THE SEASON!" .
Little Red
Riding Hood
•'BRING THE CHILDREN TO SEE HER."
COMING — "THE AMEER."
POPUXAR PRICES— 25e. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Beginning TO-NIGHT. FAREWELL WEEK
Of
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Grand Double Bill of
"CAV, LLeRIA RUiTiGANA"
A. Carrano's Dramatization of Alexander Sal-
vini's Greatest Success, and
"COMEDY AND TRAGtDY."
Mary Anderson's Favorite Play, by TV. S.
Gilbert.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c 25c. 50c. 73c.
Good Or:hestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next Week— "CLArRE~AND THE FORGE-
MASTER." •
BELASCO *"°TrfALCS
TO-NIGHT 9— 9
All This Week, I I I V 1
Matinees Saturday I .11.1 I
and Sunday. •*¦¦ Vf ±J A.
The Fascdnatliig
Melodrama. fET "ETF^Wl'T
H^si: sr 1 IN NF W
The Bier Production 111 L\1J If
of tbe Season.
PRICES: fTAI\Tr
Evenings. .10c to Me 1/ I 1 II 1/
Matin's. .10c, 15c, 2ic | I I r| PA
Next Week— "Un-
der the Gasligbt." O Q
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
Goleman'3 Trained Dogs and Cat3,
Werdea and Shepard, Elizabeth
Evans, Deaves' Manikins, Dick
Wilde, Bines and Kimball, Hew
Moving Pictures.
ELLA~BURT,
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A. BICYCLE.
Thursday Night — The Amateurs
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
gjl^ RACING
jjdjr^™ *^ 1 • Every M<eelc Dajr-*
*^ Rain Of* Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. aad
B£M. 1- 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho .
¥15 L * L * 1 two c * n 0° tnin reserved for
laoiea ana t&eir escorts; no emokine. Buy your
terry tlcketa to Shell Mound. All trains tU
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenu*
electric cam at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
"^J- _~*°, »U trains via Alaraeda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue c*rs at Four-
teenth and Broadwr.y Oakland. These electrto
cars po dlnwt to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning—Trains leave the track at 4:1» and
* :45 J 3 - 5P- and Inw^iately after tbe last rac«.
CHT6°^Uyr^ M a S n/ R Urf re ' ldeBt -
FISCH . R'S CONCERT HOUSE
Admission ICc.
The Soresisens; Max Bteinle; Mora. D*Aul-
nais; Mile. Atlantis; Carlta; Paloma Quartet;
\alkyra Family; Joseph Lyons, and Hinrichs'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats.- 25c Matinee Sun-
AH V E JBTISEBEEirTS.FLEET GREYHOUND FROM SAN JOSE WHICH WON THE FIRST RICH COURSING STAKE OF THE YEAR AT
UNION PARK, TOGETHER WITH SOME OF THE SPECTATORS WHO. TRIED THEIR SKILL AT PICKING
THE WINNERS IN THE VARIOUS ROUNDS OF THE STAKE.. ' . =. >' ':".
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. - Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than'at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY 6.
Sun rises ;. .7:20
Sun seta 5:00
Moon rises .:.... 4:30 a. m.
TO SAIL.
"ANN ARBOR. Mich.. Jan. 5.— Even Sun
day could not prevent a football celebra
tion over the return of the Michigan team
from the Pacific Coast with. an unparal
leled season of victories and .scores. | A
band, followed by. 2900 citizens and stu
dents, including Mayor Copeland and all
the city, officials, • were at the depot. A
procession to the campus was followed. by
speechmaking. :. :
Hiehigan Team at Ann Arbor
The British; ships Bermuda and.Socotra
arrived from Antwerp yesterday. ..The Sa
cotra made the bettcr..run,":but -neither
V - J ¦• ' .... , ¦¦¦:¦•¦
Captain Davis of the lighthouse tender
Madrona had a narrow^ escape yesterday.
He put his lighted.- pipe in his pocket and
while talking with a friend remarked: "I
think I smell fire." "Sodo I," saidthefriend
and then both began investigating.- Sud
denly Captain Davis'- coat' tails burst 'into
flames and when the water had, been
turned on and the fire put out the gallant
captain ; looked uncomfortable. : He ¦ is the
father of : Phoebe : Uavies, •: the well-known
actress, and ' could \ Joseph . Grismer." his
son-in-law, reproduce the. "pipe. scene" on
the stage it would, make a hit.
Water Front Notes.
Sunday, January 5.
Stmr Geo- Loomls, Bridgett. for .-Ventura ¦
•Stmr ; Edith. Hall, y for. Seattle. .".-,
Stmr.- Santa Rosa, Alexander, : for San Diego.
Stmr North Fork. Fosen. Tor Eureka.
'Stmr South : Coast," Olsen, for >- ' ;
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Sunday.. January 5.
; Star National City, Dettmers,; 17. hours from
Fort Brass. • • . ¦ - * •
. Stmr City, of Pekin*. Smith. 30 days from
Hongkong, and Yokohama 10 days, via Hono
lulu, 7 days. .' ¦ ,
Stmr Pomona, . Shea, 18 hours from Eureka."
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, : 76 hours from Grays
Harbor. . " . „•
Stmr state - of ; Caliromia/iThomas, 42 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
, Stmr George W Elder. Randall. 67 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 54 hours.
Br ship Bermuda, Korff, 154 days from Ant
werp.. - .¦ ¦¦¦-'. ¦ "¦ - ;¦' _
- • Br bark Limena, ¦ Sandlson, . 68 days from
Newcastle.". NSW. - <¦ -¦¦ ' ¦ ;
..* Schr i Mary C. ¦ Campbell, , 8 ; hours ' from Bo
dega.
Shipping Intelligence.
The Columbia Pistol and Rirte Club held
its first shoot of the season yesterday at
Harbor View. A cold north wind* ham
pered the movements of the marksmen.
\V. G. Hoffman did the best work with the
rifle, hitting the v one-inch ring ten times.
The complete scores:
Off-hand Columbia target rifle 200 yards—
\V. G. Hoffman- — i~, 47. 48. 81, 52. 56,- 57, 58,
5'J, 61 — 530 or 5.3<i inch ring average for 10
scores out of 12 entries; A. *H. Cody — 49, 73-
F. O. Young— 53, 63. 55, 57; A. B. Dorrell— 54
55. «2. 06. 70; G. Mannel— C2, 70; Hinterman—
200. 215;. Wall— 220.
Three-shot rifle : F. O. Young — 12* 13 15
18; G. Mannel — 13, .16; A. B. Dorrell — 15', 17,
Military and repeating rifle match, Creed
mocr count: P. A. Becker — 17, 43, 43; Dr J
F. Twist— 40, 41. 42. "
Pistol, 50 yards: Ed Hovey— 3S. 43. 52, 55
56: F. O. Young — 3S. 42. 48. 50. 51. 51: G. M
Borley — 11, 52;. C. M. Daiss — 81. 81. .65; Mrs
G. Mannel — 01, 65. 07. VSi. 73. 75.
22 rifle match: G. Stephens — 32, 51, 08;
Gimmel — 13, 53. '
Columbia Club Scores.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.-The Journal says:
Sportins men will be surprised to hear
that the McGovern-Sullivan fight will not
take place in San Francisco after all. It
is said that owing to differences between
u.e Yose mite Athletic Club and city offi
sials the managers of the club have de
rided to withdraw their offer to the
fighters. It was reported to-nipht that
the Louisville Athletic Club, of which
Tim Hurst is manager, would In all prob
ability get the bout. The men would
meet en February 1.
McGovern Not to Fight Here.
NOTE — In the . above exposition of .the tides
the early morning . tides are given in I the lef r
hand column 1 and the . successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column elves the last tide of tho
day, except when. there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey. Charts, except when a minus ( )
6ign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by th«
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
§ First race — Set L!cn. Rubino. Saul of Tarsus.
Seocr.d race — Jarretierre d'Or, Dan Collins.
Phyllis.
Third race— Eonic, X>angerous' Maid, Duckoy.
Fourth race — La Coleta, Position, Home
stead.
Fifth race — Goldone, Lapidus. Plohn.- .
Sixth race — Afghan. Captain Gaines. Lode
(Ur. ¦-:,'..;--
Selections for To-Day.
tV. Magulre and E. Curley.. 21 21 16 15 21
J. C. Nealon and J. White; . 17 13 21 21 20
W. Johnson and A. Lewis.. 10 21 21
W. Stansbury and M. M. Guthrle.. 21 13 17
J. Collins and J. Harlow... 21 14 21 20 21
J. Riordon and T. Leech ... 17 21-10 21 18
mott ...10 21 15 21 17
M. Levy and P. Ryan 21 21 15 18 21
M. Joyce and C. Lakin 13 11 21 21 10
T^ McManus and G. Hutch- : .¦-'
inson 21 10 21 12 21
W. Kelly and J. McDer-
J. Regli and A. Whiteman: . . . . 21 14 21 21
G. Green and F. Smith 16 21 17 18
T. McSweeney and M. McXeeley 21 20 21 21
J. Madden and P. Farrell 18 21 13 19
H. McLeod and G. Mc-
Donald 21 12 21 18 21
P. Mclntyre and M. McNeil. 17 21" 15 21 17
The handball contests at the San Fran
cisco court yesterday resulted as follows:
S. Garvey and W. Cummin^s... 21 21 16 21
J. McNainara and J. Manning.. 15 13 21 20
In the Handball Court.
On September 19, 1901; 'President McKin
ley was buried. On the same'' day," away,
down in the southern seas and with the
ship within a few hours of port a strange
thing occurred on the United States army
transport Sheridan. She was makins: Ma
nila, when the foresail that had been set
to steady the ship was ordered - lowered.
As it came down everybody aboard no
ticed that it formed an exact likeness 'of
the bust-of President McKinley. * "Some
thing has happened," said Captain Pierce,
and, true enough, when the vessel reached
Manila there was a jcable announcing. the
assassination of the President.
Death Mask on Foresail.
p-rg-CHE Pacific Mail Company's" City
. II of Peking arrived from the Orient
IS yesterday. She was thirty days
J| *from Hongkong and nineteen from
Yokohama, while' the run from
Honolulu took a full seven days. The
steamship brought only seven cabin pas
sengers and but one of these was from
the islands. They were:
A R. Pattison and wife, J. L. Brown,
John A. Palmer and wife, Miss R. Thayer
and F. A. Pettus. . • j, <J
The mailboat was nearly half a day late
in reaching Honolulu and was again de
layed on the run to San Francisco by con
trary winds. . .'
The Peking brings the news that the
American ship Benjamin F. Sewall put
into Honolulu in distress. The latter was
on her way from Puget Sound to Austra
lia with a load of lumber, but was caught
off the Oregon coast in a gale and sprang
a leak.. The captain would not take any
chances, so he put into the Hawaiian cap
ital for repairs. . ' :" '
.While the Peking was speeding toward
her home port she met the Alameda and
America Marn on their way south. ,The
Oceanic Steamship. Company's boat had
even at that early hour overcome the lead
of the Japanese steamship .and was forg
ing ahead. ''Both vessels seemed to be
going full speed, and I guess they were
doing their best," said the signal quarter
master of the Peking.
Judging from the report of the Peking,
it will be a nip and tuck race to Honolulu
between the Alameda and America Maru.
vessel has much to boast of. The Soco
tra made the run in 142 days.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
FROM SEATTLE.
Swimmers at Sutro's.
The swimming contests at Sutro Baths
yesterday resulted as follows:
Fifty-yard dash— T. S«udbers first, J. Mosier
second. . Divine for plates — H. Heines first,
J. McClcsky second. One-hundred yard race —
J. Frantz flrst. F. Berser second. Tub race^ —
T. Sundberz first. H. Heines second. A. Aott
third. Springboard dlvinsr — J. McClosky flrst,
A. Sundbersr second. High divine— T. Sund
bers first, H. Heines second.
Sixth race — Mile and seventy yards; selling;
four-year-olds and upward:
(3flSi) Afghan 131 j S0S1 Sylvan Lass . . 119
SfiOl Rushfields . ..i::ij 3033 Capt. Gaines.,124
2CWS Lodestar 131 <:«)S.{)E1 Mido 131
Fifth race — Mile and a sixteenth; selling:
thr^e-year-olds and ui*vard:
<.'JCSl)CrbniweH ....10R 3023 PJohn ..107
.•JCS5 Bragg STS 2«45 S;<3dons 10*
.VXC! Goldon» 10* 3075 Bathos 10.J
SGSO Lapidus SS C075 Impromptu ..103
, Fourth race — Mile and fifty yards; the Oak
land Handicap; three-yesr-olds and upward:
AOrr, Edrardo J»"t27Kl)La Goleta 103
.5075 I>unb!ane 80] 3004 The Fretter..lO2
'¦Z'idi Position 102 »:;057)Homcstead ...106
Third race — Six iurlonars: selling; four-year
olds and upward:
?9ft9 Eonic POjCJOOODuckoy .. 107
CV,V-)Dang. Maid.. »G | 307ft Captivate 00
SCJ3 Ordnur.g 110 i GCC9 Hilee 101
gan 119 o0S0 Constable 119
t;071 Larry Wilt... 122 30G7 Phyllis 117
SCC4 Jarr. d'Or 119
Fecond race — Futurity couree; selling; three
year-olds:
Sa'JO Arthur P.sy . .122 S0S5 Nonie ¦ 117
Dr.W.W.Ker- W)S2 l>an Collins.. .119
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland racetrack art as follows:
Flirt race — Five ami a half furlongs; sell-
Ing; ihree-year-cl<3s and upward:
3i*T Rubino 116, SC59 Alzura ......126
2!"..% Sea Lion 1351 30U5 Esternell 114
«C84)S. cf Tarsus. 132| Ilowaho 119
<:>O47)Buzz=>r 114| :;0T.l The Miller. ...132
3CG3 Maresa !2:;j .'5CR4 Scallywag ...128
MO Gufto 133 30S3 Ishtar 114
Oakland Hace Entries.
- SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 5— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New Tort
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Cymric
from Uvenjool and Queenstown; stmr Gera!
from Bremen: stmr Graf. Waldersee. from
Hamburg and Plymouth : ¦ stmr Pemvlan. from
Marseilles, Genoa and N^jles; stmr • L" \oul
talne. from Havre.
DOVER — Passed Jan 5 — Stmr Barbarossa
from < New. York, for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Bovlc
from New York. ¦- . •-'¦-.'
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Iver
nia. from 'Boston. » -
• Sailed Jan 5 — Stmr Etruria. from Liverpool
for New York. - ¦ '
MOJI— Sailed Jan 1 — Iratch ¦ stmr Folmlna
for Vancouver. . - -
' OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORT.
Passed In Jan S — Schr Mary E Foster, from
Honolulu; schr Meteor, from San Pedro: Br
stmr Denbighshire, from Honpkong; schr Rob
ert R Hind, hence Dec 28. for Port Blakeley;
schr F S Redfleld. from Honolulu.
TACOMA — Arrived Jan 5 — Schr Llllebonne,
hence Dec 22.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 5— stmr Eureka,
hence Jan' 4. . •
. Sailed Jan 6 — Stmr Alliance, for Portland
stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
COOS BAT- Arrived Jan 5 — Stmr Arcata.
hence Jan 2.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Jan 5 — Stmr Noyo
for Sar. Francisco.
Arrived Jan 5 — Stmr Arctic, and sailed for
Mendocino.
SEATTLE — Sailed Jan 4 — Stmr Santa Ana.
for San Francisco: stmr Dlrlgo, for Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 3— Schr
Fred J Wood, from Antofagasta.
• Arrived Dec 24 — Bktn Kllkitat. from Port
Ludlow; Dec 20 — Shin Geo Curtis.' hence Dec
10; schr Honoipu, from Port Ludlow; schr A
B Johnson, from Grays Harbor: bktn S N"
Castle, hence Dec 11; Dec 27— Stmr City of
Peklnz. from Yokohama.
ELEELE — Arrived Dec 23 — Schr Robert
Searles. from Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 25— Schr Luzon, for
Tacoma: schr Rosamond, for San Francisco;
U S stmr Hancock. . for Manila and Guam.
Sailed Dec 26 — Bark Olympic, for Kaanapali;
stmr Peru, for Yokohama.
Sailed Dec 27— Schr . Susie M Plummer, for
Makawell.
To sail Dec 2S — Bktn Coronado, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 3^ — Schr Comet, from San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 4— Schr
Excelsior, from Redondo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU, Dec 28— The ship Benjamin
Sewall, bound from Moodyville for Freemantle,
put Into Honolulu Dec 28, leaking at the rate
of 6 inches an hour.- Vessel had been using
salt water -in the donkey boiler for 35 days.
Half the deckload had been washed- overboard;
galley, forecastle and - encine-room had been
flooded out from time to time. Storm com
menced Nov 13 and lasted until Dec 15: con
tinued sales from SE to S. Several stays and
backstays carried away;- also 9 sails blown
away and considerable rope. Diver will go
down to-morrow and try to locate the leak.
There is ten feet of ¦ water now in bold.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per stmr George W Elder — On Jan 5,*10:5O
a m, about 18 miles NW of Point Reyes passed
Fr bark Max in tow of the steam schooner
Acme and revenue cutter McCulloch. heading
toward San Francisco. The Max had been in
collision with the steamer Walla Walla. Her
bowsprit was carried away and bow atove in
above and below the water line. Watertight
compartments holding- her up.
ppiNT REYES, Jan 5, 3 p m— A bark about
ten miles off beint towed by a steam schooner
and a tugboat. The bark has her bow nstove
in and is apparently • in distress. '
Dec 19, lat 13 N, Ion 115 W— Br bark Earl
Cadogan, from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
• MEMORANDUM.
SPOKEN.
Stmr Samoa, "Hansen, for .
Stnu* Aberdeen, Hoggins, for .
Aus stmr Maria, Hreglich, for Nanaimo.
Br bark Cualmsford, Burd, for Queenstown.
liktn Ruth, Cameron, for Mahukona.
. Schr Halcyon, Johnson, for Altata. • •
Schr Webf oot. Semsen. for Coos Bay. '
Schr Jennie Griffin, ; Campbe.l. for Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 5, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 12 miles per hour.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Jan. 5.— A special
to the Age Herald from Montgomery says
that Captain Richmond j P. Hobson will
soon resign from the navy and enter poli
tics. It is said he will oppose Hon. John
H. Bankhead as Congressman from the
Sixth District.
Hobson to Enter Politics.
Royal Flush. 11-3; Pasha Kennels' Rich Ar
gosy beat Georse Graham's Lady Newark, 8-4;
J. Dowlinz's Sir. Lawrence beat ¦ A. Vander
whlte's Lear Kine, 10-5; H. H. Gray's Rona,
a bye. v "• . _. .- . ; • .
Third ¦ round — Crawford Lass ¦ beat Naughty
Girt, 9-5;- Fine Form beaf Jtnsrle Bell3. 19-5;
Fiery Face beat Tom Hurlick. 4-2; Sleety" Mist
beat jjtosie Freedom, 7-3; Rocker beat Olita,
3-2; Shadow beat Wild Norah, 0-2; Tralee Boy,
a bye; Fannie Hughie beat Rural Artist. 8-3;
America beat Rich Argosy, 5-4; Sir Lawrence,
a bye.. . "
Fourth round — Crawford Lass beat Fine
Form, 1C-12; Fiery Face beat Sleety Mist,
10-0; Shadow beat Rocker. " 5-4 ; Tralee Boy
beat , Fannie Husrhie, 4-3; America beat Sir
Lawrence, 9-4. , V
Fifth round — Fiery Face beat Crawford Lass,
8-ti; Tralee Boy beat Shadow, 10-5; America,
a bye. ', •
Sixth round — America beat Fiery Face, 17-9;
Tralee Boy, a bye.
Decldins course — Tralee Boy beat America,
4-3. '
Inaugural stake, flrst round — Sterl &
Knowles' Cold Shivers beat George Sharman's
Little Sister, 10-2; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat
O. Zahl's Homer Boy, .10-0; Pasha Kennels*
Roman Athlete beat J. Marktand's Th»
Grafter, 10-3: F. Jones' Wedsewood beat A.
R. Curtis' Anchor, 12-0: A. R. Curtis' Rector
beat Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out. 5-3: A. R.
Curtis' Charta beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal.
16-13; D. J. Healey's Tiburon beat F.' Jones'
Harlean Gladys, 25-9.
Second Roundr— Cold Shivers beat Tapioca,
7-1; Rector beat Roman Athlete. S-4; Wedge
wood beat Elista. 7-0; Tiburon, a bye.
-Third round — Weduewood beat Cold Shivers.
6n; Rector beaf Tiburon. 5-2.
Deciding coins; — Rector beat Wedgewood,
4-3.
ECTOR, the crack representative
II )j ot Albert Curtis' kennel of fast
Syc; greyhounds, won first honors in
ii. x< tne Inaugural stake yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. 'Rector's
victory' was expected, the speedy young
ster being quoted first choice in the long
odds book and a favorite in. all his
courses.
The backers of favorites had a record
breaking day. In the Inaugural stakes
there were but two short ends to land in
the first two trials on the card—Cold,Shiv
ers beating Little Sister at 5 to 3 and
Tapicca defeating Homer Boy at 5 to 2.
When Rector and Wedgewood were sent
to the slips for the deciding course Rectof
had first call in the betting and sold at
3 to 5.
The Curtis dog showed the lead up the
field, beating his opponent two lengths for
the turn. Wedgewood laid off, while Rec
tor forced , the hare to him. Wedgewood
nipped it up, but lost his hold and stum
bled. Recovering himself he drove for the
kill and ended the course with Rector one
point in the lead.
T. J. Cronin's big black youngster, Tra
lee Boy, added more glory to his record
by annexing the open stake. Eugene
Geary's America was the runner-up. He
lost by one point, the score, 4 to 3, being
the same as that of the Inaugural final.
The hard coursing of Saturday was re
sponsible for the withdrawal of five of
ALAMEDA AND AMERICA MARU RACING
TOWARD HONOLULU AT FULL SPEED
tho contestants In this stake — Master
Clair, Lottie M, Sofala, Red Rock and St.
Ives— failing to recover sufficiently from
the effects of their long runs to go to the
slips. . ;
Sir ¦'Pasha, a favorite -for stake honors,
was put out in the second round by the
clever young Rosie Freedom. The cam
paigner was a 1 to 5 choice. He showed
the speed, but his less experienced oppo
nent outworked him for the flag.
In the following ccrurse Amedee, who
was considered a strong candidate for the
stake, fell a victim to Sleety Mist, and
was beaten in a long hard trial. Amedee
was a 1 to 2 choice.
Following are the day's result3, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Kelley & Hanley'a
Naughty Girl, a bye; E. Shortstag's Crawford
Lass beat P. Doyle's Liberator, 4-0; J. Demp
sey's Jingle Bells, a bye; D. J. Healey's Fins
Form beat J. Shea's Slim, 4-2; W. J. Leonards
Tom Hurlick beat H. Lynch's Black Bart;
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face, a bye; W. H.
Robinson's Rosie Freedom '¦ beat Georsre Shar
man's Sir Pasha, 11-0; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist" beat L. S. Barre's Amedee. 16-13; Sterl
& Knowles' Olita beat" F. Rcsenberser's My
Nell, 3-0: Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat D. J.
Healy's Elista, 3-2; George Knight's Shadow
beat J. J. Keenan's Dread Not, (5-0; C. Bonar'3
Wild Norah beat D. Henry's Alice Louise,
14-0; Georrre Nethercott'a Red Rock, with
drawn; George Sharman's St. Ives, withdrawn;
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat P. Doyle's
Thelma, 4-3; E. Geary's Fannie Huehie beat
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 5-2; E. Geary's Ameri
can beat Ed Neave's Spiteful. 24-21; Pasha
Kennels" Rural Artist beat George Sharman's
In stopping a runaway yesterday after
noon in Golden Gate Park Chris Arrc
lanes, a well-knowa» park policeman, per
formed at daring act. John Borland* wa*
driving a light two-horse team through
the park. " He had stopped for a moment
near the stone bridge. His horaoa be
came frightened and started on a wild
run. Borland evidently could do nothing
to restrain them.
Policeman Arrelanes, who wa3 mounte-l
at the time, saw the runaway as it was
about to turn down toward Dick
ey's saloon. Arrelane3 put spurs ty
his horse and rode until he was
abreast of the two runaway horses
and then, without slackening his
pace, he reached over and seized tno rehi
of one of the horses. Still retaining his
seat in the saddle, Arrelanes exerted hH
strength and pulled the horses astrtda the
wagon pole, thereby putting an end to the
runaway. The feat, besides showing brav
ery 00 Arrelanes* part, wa3 a very ditu
cult piece of horsemanship.
The pleasant weather which prevailed ia
the early part of yesterday afternoon at
tracted a very large crowd to the park
and beach. Hundreds of men, women and
children promenaded up and down the
beach hear the Cliff House, while hun
dreds more visited the park to hear the
music and view the attractions. A cold
wave struck the beach about 4 o'clock
and drove the seekers of fresh air back
into the city. . .
cf a Daring Act in the
Officer Chris Arrelane's Is the Hard
MOUNTED POLICEMAN
I STOPS A RUNAWAY
WEDGEWOOD CAPTURES SECOND MONEY
AFTER A CLOSE "DECIDING" COURSE
T. J. Cronin/s Tralee Boy Takes First Honors in the Open Event, With
Eugene Geary's America as Runner-Up.
Ar.selma, 2:29'/&: Ascmbrosa, by Asmore-
Bell Bird. 2:22; Cecino. by Mendocino-Clarlon.
2:2514; Clarlonette, by Dexter Prince; Coralia,
by Boodle: Corsica, by Dexter Prince: Ella,
2:28H: Elsie, by General Benton; Geacenta,
by Guy Wilkes; Lady Agnes, by Electioneer;
Lady Nutwood, by Nutwood: Ladywell. 2:l<jVi:
Laura Drew, dam of world's champion year
ling Freedom, 2:29V>. the flrst yearling: in
America which beat 2:30; Lilly Thorne, by
Electioneer; Morning Glory, by Electioneer;
Nellie Bentcn, 2:30; Ororcse. by Oro Wilkes,
2:ll)i* Sabling. by Guy Wilkes: Sonoma, 2:28:
Sylla Barnes, by Whips; Wildmay, 2:30, and
Zoulla, by Dexter Prince.
The champion mare cf Palo Alto farm
was Sunol, 2:08V4- The champion stallion
was Palo Alto, 2:0S?4. a great favorite of
Senator Stanford's. Electioneer, although
he died in 1S90, has to his credit the
largest number of 2:30 trotters accredited
to any sire. At one time his sons and
daughters held all world's records. The
Abbot, 2:0314, Adbell, Arion and Fantasy
are among his most famous offspr.ng.
Beautiful Bells, which is still alive, pro
duced ten foals which were in the 2:20
class. Sontag Mohawk was considered
one of the greatest brood mares in Amer
ica. The following mares will be sold
here:
Palo Alto stock farm, founded by Sen
ator Leland Stanford in 1S77, will soon be
but a memory. Ths establishment made
famocs by Electioneer, Arion, Palo Alto,
The Abbot and other trotters is soon to
pass out of existence.
An order has issued from the business
department of Stanford University direct
ing that the stock now on the farm be
sold. Ten brood mares whose progeny
have brought fame to Palo Alto will be
retained. These will be pensioned untii
their death. Three of them will be burled
in the gravevard on the farm. Tnose
which will be retained are:. Mary Osborn,
Beautiful Bells, Manette, Waxana, Wild
flower, Manzanita. Sallie Benton. Esther,
Lady Ellen and Elaine. The three which
will* be placed in the graveyard at their
death are Beautiful Be:ls, Elaine and
Manzanita.
The remainder of the horses will be a.s
posed of in four great sales. The first
of these will be held in this city on the
30th inst. Brood mares only will be dis
posed of. At Cleveland, Ohio, May 12.
yearlings and two and three year olds will
be led into the sales ring. At Sacramento
during the State Fair various grades of
trotters and brood mares will be s-jid. At
New York in November the stallions,
brood mares and colts will complete the
dispersal.
The farm was founded by Senator Stan
ford in ihTI with some fifty horses. It
grew steadily. In 1SS1 the first trotter3
were put on the track, and new horses
were developed each year until 1S98.
The farm reached its highest develop
ment in 1S93, the year Senator Stanford
died, when there were 1350 horses in the
stables and paddocks. In lfcOS the devel
opment of fast trotters was stopped.
Since that time much of the stock has
been sold, leaving only 250 head to be dis
posed of. -. : .
Many wonderful horses were bred at the
farm, bringing fame to the estab.ishment
and winning many races. In 18S2 every
trotting record in the world was held by
horses bred at Palo Alto. The perform
ances of some of its horses have been
wonderful. Bell Bird, a* yearling, trotted
a mile in 2:26^4. Arion, a two-year-o.d,
trotted a mile to a high-wheel sulky }n
2:1034, a record which stands to-day.
Arion, a three-year-old, trotted a mile in
2:10^, while Sunol made the circuit of a
track in 2:08^4.
Champion class — Captain F. A. Kuhla, 383;
first class — Carl Auer, 33'J; second class — Louis
Scheib, 323; third class— T. EBgerlinjr, 315;
first best shot — E. Riemenschnelder, 23; last
best shot — F. Eggerllng. 25.
The followins is the score of the California
Schuetzen Club medal shoot: Second cham
pion class — O. Burmelster. 202, 1S)T; C. M.
Henderson, 212, 208; ¦ W. Ehrenpfcrt. 1S1. 102;
T. J. Carroll, ITS. 205; C. Meyer, 187; P.
Jacobrf 1U8. 100; E. H. Ladd. £07. 201; O.
Brenur, 216, 172. First class — A. Gehert. 217,
214; A. Mocker. 22a, 213. Second class — G.
Ahrens, 203, 157: A. Hampel. 2&4, 112: A.
Jungblut, 1S», ISO; F. D. Smith. 1S7, 170; L.
P.eubold, 202. 102; M. Blasse, 194; G. Tam
meyer, 192; F. A. Scltnimsf, 196. 19B; L. C.
Babin. 1&J, 177; W r . F. Blasse. ISO. ISt: E.
Woenne. 204, 202: A. von Wyl, 1U1, 102; J.
Knllmann.lS», 1ST. Third class-^M. Reubold,
139; JL Straub. 175. 146: W. Nolden. 163. 150;
J. C. Waller, 1S2, 173; H. -Kuhls. 175. Ill; R.
Langer. 102; P. Rlede. 142. 134; J. Horst
mann. 109, 154; Q. Sagehorn. 192. 106. Fourth
class— H. Hache, 139, 66; E. Enstlander, 148.
144; Dr. M. H. Atkins. IDS. 193; C. Gut. 134.
04; M. Hartter, 152. 149; L. Rink. 168. 147;
Adam Brehrn, 87, 80; F. G. Bradford. 191,
142; Dr. Eichler, 101, SS; H. Schennert, 158,
146; J. Gassnar. 151. 133: H. L. Sohlmann,
185. 143. Cadets— F. H. Bremen 128; H.
Backer. 178, 14»: A. Meyerhofer. 155. 149; F.
M. Carroll. 187. '
Philo Jacoby, president of the club,
made an address in which the origin and
growth of the club was outlined. Mr.
jacoby was the first president of the club.
A gold and -silver medal was awarded
to the two members who j proposed the
largest number of marksmen for member
ship during the past year. Adolf Becker
received the gold medal. The others went
to William IShrenpfort. W. Ehrenpfort
offered a five-dollar cash prize for any
member making or coming nearest, in
three shots, to a certain number, known
only to , a committee. The number was
57 and L. Rink won by making that figure.
The medal shoot in the Verein Eintracht
Schuetzen section was won as follows:
The twenty-sixth anniversary of the
founding of the California Schuetzen
Club was celebrated yesterday at Schuet
zen I*ark. San Rafael. The occasion was
marked by a medal shoot and a banquet,
at which there was good cheer and
speeches.
Famous Trotting Horse
Nursery Will Cease *
to Exist.
Banquet and Shoot on
Club's Twenty-Sixth
Anniversary.
PALO ALTO FARM
GATES TO CLOSE
MARKSMEN JOIN
IN CELEBRATING
Runs responsible for — Lee 1. Mercer 2. Threc
fca.-t- hit — McHaie. Two-base hits — Mercer,
McHaie, Mertes, Lee. Lajoie. First base on
errors — Nationals 3. All-Americas 2. First
base on called balls — Nationals 4. All-Ameri
cas 1. Left on bases — Nationals 10. All-Amer
icas 4. Struck out — By Mercer 2. Double
p!a-s — Steinfeldt to Beckley; Mercer to Irwin
to Davis: Berkley to Steinf«?ldt. Time of
game— 1 :25. Umpire — J. McDonald. Official
scorer — Karrv OaKhrnari.
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 0121410 1—10
All-Americas 0 00002000—2
Ease hits 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 — 5
Nationals 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 — 4
Totals 32 2 5 2 27 21 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
" AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, If 4 0 11 1 0 0
Barrett, cf 4 1 1 1 3 0 ,0
Fraser. rf 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Lajoie. 2b 4 0 10 2 6 1
Divis. lb. 4 0 0, 0 10 0 1
Bradley ob 4 0 0 0 ~ 1 3 0
Irwin, 6. s 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Sullivan c 3 0 O 0 6 2 O
Il-rocr. p 2 12 0 13 0
Totals 37 4 10 0 27 14 2
ALL- AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Vau Haltren. cf 5 0. 1 0 2 0 0
Hulen, 3b 5 0 0 « 2 2 1
aiertes 4 V 1 0 3 2 0
Chance, c 5 1 2 0 0 1 0
Lee p 5 1 20 0 1 0
Bfcckley, lb 4 1 2 0 13 1 *0
gteinfeldt, s. e 4 1 0 0 4 7-1
McHaie. if 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Schmidt, rf 1 O 0 0 0 0 0
NATIONALS.
The Eastern baseball teams each took
a game yesterday. In the morning they
played ten innings at Oakland, the A»—
Americas winning by a score of 5 to 4.
Fraser pitched for the winners, while
Schmidt did a like service for the losers.
In the afternoon the Nationals carried
off the honors, the score being 4 to 2 in
their favor. The game was replete with
clever playing. It also served to show
what a great all-round player is McHaie,
who will play left field for the San Fran
cisco team during the coming season, tak
ing Hildebrand's place. In the third in
ning he caught a fly from Sullivan's bat
after a Ions run. In the sixth he picked
a fly out of the crowd of spectators along
the left field foul line fence. At the bat
he lined out a three-bagger and a two
bagger.
fcteinfcldt was also the hero of a spec
tacular play. In the seventh he made a.
wonderful left-hand catch of a fast line
drive from Sullivan, doubling up Ii-vvin
at second.
In tiie third inning, with the bases fuil
ana oiiiy one cut tne Nationals were un
able to ecore. Huien forced McHaie at
second ana Mertes in turn rorced iiuleu.
Botn teams scored their oniy runs in the
sixth. Jaertes lea oii tor the Nationals,
louling out. Chance and Lee singled.
Beckiey singled and Lajoie saved a ran
by u. uriuiiint stop or a difficult ¦ ball to
hanu!t. tt<: was not able to noiu it, how
ever and Beculey was safe, filling the
bates. BteJcieiat hit to Lajoie. who made
a fancy tnruw to secona, which irwin
missed." before the ball could be helded
Chance ana Lee seorea. McHaie followed
witn a timely tr.ree-basser, which nit tlie
lefi-iitld fence. Beckiey and Steinielct
scored. Scnmidt was given a, pass. Van
Haltren singled. McHaie was caugfct out
at the piate and ttuieii flew, retting the
for the All-Americas in the sixth Mer
cer walked PicRering flew out ana ±iar
rett singled, Mercer going to second.
Fraser went out at first. Lajoie seorea
Mercer and Barrett with a two-bagger
which landed just ir.sice the foul line near
the icti-ritia Jence. Lajoie made third on
bud bundling or tne throw in. Davis re
tired tlie sice.
In tlie ninth inning Mertes of the Na
tionals was out at the plate on a close
decision. As his teanj uad a safe lead
McDonald may nave strained a point and
called mm out to end the game and send
the chilled spectators home. The score:
The New Tear's handicap singles tennis
tournament of the California Club was
brought to a close yesterday on the club
courts with some close and Interesting
contests. William Allen proved victorious
after playing two hard matches. "
As the result of the play on New Year's
day Allen and R. N. Whitney were lelt
in on© half and MacGaVin and Fr«d
Brown in the other.
The flrst match of the day proved tn«
fastest, the two University of Califor
nia cracks, MacGavin and Brown, being
opposed to one another. MacGavin was
at his best and by hard driving ana
smashing managed to win by * small
margin, the score being 7-5. 3-6, o-4.
In the second match of the m™ 1 "*^*
R. N. Whitney allowed Allen a handicap
of "one-half 3a." After losing the first
set, 6-1, Allen played a strong game ana
managed to win the last two sets and
match, 1-6, 6-2, 6-4. - ,
This brought play down Jo the final,
with MacGavin on one side of the net ami
Allen on the opposite. From the way this
match started it seemed Allen would win
easily. In the first two sets he lost but
two games. In the third set MacGavin
by playing more carefully won by a score
of 6-1. Allen won the next set and match.
The complete score was 6-0, 6-2, 1-6, b-J.
MacGavin allowed, hia opponent a handi
cap of "fifteen." , "• ' ' a
Allen has been playing tennis for a
number of years. Recently he took up
the game in earnest. • If he continues tm
»proving as he has in the last month he
will make the flrst class men play great
tennis to defeat him. , .
Several' practice matches were playea.
Harold Crowell defeated Collier in clever
style without the loss of a set. ¦
Dunlap and Routh, the *-ark cracks,
played on the California Club courta.
Both met defeat at the hands of the club
men. Dunlap was beaten by Strlngham.
one of the best second class men. by a
score of 6-4, S-10, 6-4, 6-1. Routh met de
feat at the hands of "Eilly" Collier, 6-2,
8-6, 6-4.
Other matches resulted as follows:
Kuehn beat Kenyon 6-2: Dr. PhiUips beat
Robert Reed 6-3, 6-2, 8-6; J. A. Code beat
Rosenberg 6-4: Crowell beat Collier 7-u,
9-7, 6-3; M. Cerf and A. A. Moore played
a tie, 6-3, 4-8, 6-3. 2-6; Kenyon beat C. N.
Beal Jr. 7-5, 6-4, 3-6; Worthington beat
Joe Daily 7-5. With the score 5-0 against
him Dally made it "five ail," only to lose
the next two games and set. Worthing
ton beat Dr. Noble 6-1, 6-2; Duncan and
Dr. Noble played a tie, 6-6; Page Collier
and Schmidt beat the Lane brothers 3-6.
6-3, 6-4; Code and Rosenberg beat Hamil
ton and Keller 6-1; Page ¦ Collier beat
Schmidt 6-0, 8-6, 7-5; Frost beat Cornell
6-4. 6-3, 6-3; Chet Smith beat Cornell 2-6,
6-4, 6-2. . ¦
Players Meeb in Friendly
Matches on Home
Courts. .
Eastern Baseball Teams Di
vide Eoncrs, Each
» Taking a Game.
Defeats Drummond Mac-
Gavin in Final of
Tournament.
Accepts Some Difficult
Chances at Recrea
tion Park.
M'HALE PROVES
FIELDING WONDER
ALLEN CAPTURES
TENNIS TROPHY
RECTOR, ALBERT CURTIS' FAST GREYHOUND, WINS INAUGURAL STAKES
. ..¦•....¦•¦¦•¦•¦••.-¦¦... . - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, MONDAY, JA>NIJARY, 6, Il)p2.
8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo......... Coquille River .......;|Jan. 6
Ventura..... Sydney & Way Ports.. .]Jan. 0
Newburg San Pedro Jan. 6
Strathgyle... Portland Jan. 0
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Jan. <i
Crescent City. Crescent City Jan. .7
San Pedro... Humboldt - - • • Jan::- 7
Asuncion.. ... Tacorna ...Jan. 7
Eureka:..... Humboldt .............. Jan.' 7
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 7
City Puebla.. Pugct Sound Ports.... Jan. ' 7
Sequoia Grays Harbor Jan. ; 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Mineola Nanaimo Jan. 7
Kival. ...... Willapa Harbor Jan. 7
Denderah.... Hamburg •& Way Ports Jan. 8
Arcata. ...... Coos Bay & Port -Orford Jan. 8
Progreso..... Seattle Jan. 8
Titania. . . . . . Nanaimo • Jan. 8
Pt. Arena Point Arena Jan. a
Santa Ana. .. Seattle & Tacoma Jan. U
Pantallosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jhn. . U
Washtenaw.. Tacoma ...............Jan.' !)
Pleiades...., Seattle ................ Jan. ll>
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Jan. 10
Gaelic China & Japan. ........ Jan. lu
North Fork . . Humboldt Jan . 11
Coos Bay, ... Newport & Way Ports. Jan." 11
Rainier...... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River ........ Jan. 12
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Jan. i:{
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Jan. 14
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
ISaila.l Pier. ,
Lakme
Newburg..
Umatilia...
Coos Bay . .
M. Dollar..
Argo.v. ...
l J omona...
Curacao.;.
Czarina.;..
State Cal..
San Jose. . .
G. Elder...
Hyades...'.,
Santiago...
Eureka.
San Pedro.
Homer.". . . .
Nome City.
Strathgyle;
Area t a.....
January G.
Astoria &¦ Portland.
Grays Harbor '. .....
Puget Sound Poets.
Newport & Way. . . .
January -.7. ¦¦
Grays : Harbor ......
Coqullle River ... ..
Hu.nboldt ......V...
Mexican Ports .'..."..
Seattle & Tacoraa. .
January S.
San Diego & Way...
Panama & "Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland.*:
Honolulu' & Kahulul
Valparaiso & Way. .
. January 9.
Humboldt '.
Humboldt .-..•....:.:
Los A n s cles i Ports . .
San : Diego ' ..."..
China & 1 Japan...:..
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
I January 10. 1
Willapa -Harbor ;. '.". .
Grays • Harbor . . . . . .
Newport & Way Pts.
Tahiti direct ;..:....
January ' .11." *
Point .Arena .'. .....
China & Japan. T...
Puget Sound" Ports.".
Jannnry 12: >
Seattle - & \ Tacoma...
'• January: 13.-
Astoria ¦ & " Portland.'
i
' 5 pm Pier £
I 5 pm Pier 2
II am|jeier -j
9 ami Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier a
l:30p|Plervu
10 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 8
9 am Pier 11
12 -m PMSS
11am Pier 24
3 pm Pierltf
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 13
4 pm Pier : 2
Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
12 ,m Pier 27
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
G pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
...... Pier 7
2prii Pier t
1 pm PMSS
11 am PierO
10 am Pier 2
11 am| Pier 24
Rival ;.
Sequoia.. .'.
Bonita ."....
Zealandla. ;
Point Arena
City Peking
City Puebla
Santa Ana.
Columbia..
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Bertha... | Valdez and Kodlak Jan. 7
Farallon . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 10
City Seattle.. Skarway & Way .Ports. Jan. 11
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
O. Time |TJme| • Time - ITimei
£ Ft. F.t. Ft. Ft.
S I/W : H W L W H W
6 2:25 2.0 8:54 '6.5 3:47 "^OO iojHS ~T»
7 3:0D 3.0-8:26 5.5 4:21—0.2 11:34 44
,8 3:48 3.1 0:58 5.4 4:56—0.3
> H W L. W H W L W '
9 0:14 4.5 4:30 3.2 10.2S 5.4 5:30 0 3
10 0:50 4.7 5:10 3.111:03 5.3 6:05— o!2
Jl 1:24 4.7 5:52 3.011:45 5.2 6:10 00
12 1:50 4.7 0:40 2.9 12:2S 4.9 7:14 03
13 2:25 4.S 7:32 2.8 1:16 4.C 7:51 07
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Bertha... | Valdez and Kodlak Jan. 7
Farallon . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 10
City Seattle.. Skarway & Way .Ports. Jan. 11
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
O. Time |TJme| • Time - ITimei
£ Ft. F.t. Ft. Ft.
S I/W : H W L W H W
6 2:25 2.0 8:54 '6.5 3:47 "^OO iojHS ~T»
7 3:0D 3.0-8:26 5.5 4:21—0.2 11:34 44
,8 3:48 3.1 0:58 5.4 4:56—0.3
> H W L. W H W L W '
9 0:14 4.5 4:30 3.2 10.2S 5.4 5:30 0 3
10 0:50 4.7 5:10 3.111:03 5.3 6:05— o!2
Jl 1:24 4.7 5:52 3.011:45 5.2 6:10 00
12 1:50 4.7 0:40 2.9 12:2S 4.9 7:14 03
13 2:25 4.S 7:32 2.8 1:16 4.C 7:51 07
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo......... Coquille River .......;|Jan. 6
Ventura..... Sydney & Way Ports.. .]Jan. 0
Newburg San Pedro Jan. 6
Strathgyle... Portland Jan. 0
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Jan. <i
Crescent City. Crescent City Jan. .7
San Pedro... Humboldt - - • • Jan::- 7
Asuncion.. ... Tacorna ...Jan. 7
Eureka:..... Humboldt .............. Jan.' 7
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 7
City Puebla.. Pugct Sound Ports.... Jan. ' 7
Sequoia Grays Harbor Jan. ; 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Mineola Nanaimo Jan. 7
Kival. ...... Willapa Harbor Jan. 7
Denderah.... Hamburg •& Way Ports Jan. 8
Arcata. ...... Coos Bay & Port -Orford Jan. 8
Progreso..... Seattle Jan. 8
Titania. . . . . . Nanaimo • Jan. 8
Pt. Arena Point Arena Jan. a
Santa Ana. .. Seattle & Tacoma Jan. U
Pantallosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jhn. . U
Washtenaw.. Tacoma ...............Jan.' !)
Pleiades...., Seattle ................ Jan. ll>
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Jan. 10
Gaelic China & Japan. ........ Jan. lu
North Fork . . Humboldt Jan . 11
Coos Bay, ... Newport & Way Ports. Jan." 11
Rainier...... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River ........ Jan. 12
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Jan. i:{
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Jan. 14
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
ISaila.l Pier. ,
Lakme
Newburg..
Umatilia...
Coos Bay . .
M. Dollar..
Argo.v. ...
l J omona...
Curacao.;.
Czarina.;..
State Cal..
San Jose. . .
G. Elder...
Hyades...'.,
Santiago...
Eureka.
San Pedro.
Homer.". . . .
Nome City.
Strathgyle;
Area t a.....
January G.
Astoria &¦ Portland.
Grays Harbor '. .....
Puget Sound Poets.
Newport & Way. . . .
January -.7. ¦¦
Grays : Harbor ......
Coqullle River ... ..
Hu.nboldt ......V...
Mexican Ports .'..."..
Seattle & Tacoraa. .
January S.
San Diego & Way...
Panama & "Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland.*:
Honolulu' & Kahulul
Valparaiso & Way. .
. January 9.
Humboldt '.
Humboldt .-..•....:.:
Los A n s cles i Ports . .
San : Diego ' ..."..
China & 1 Japan...:..
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
I January 10. 1
Willapa -Harbor ;. '.". .
Grays • Harbor . . . . . .
Newport & Way Pts.
Tahiti direct ;..:....
January ' .11." *
Point .Arena .'. .....
China & Japan. T...
Puget Sound" Ports.".
Jannnry 12: >
Seattle - & \ Tacoma...
'• January: 13.-
Astoria ¦ & " Portland.'
i
' 5 pm Pier £
I 5 pm Pier 2
II am|jeier -j
9 ami Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier a
l:30p|Plervu
10 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 8
9 am Pier 11
12 -m PMSS
11am Pier 24
3 pm Pierltf
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 13
4 pm Pier : 2
Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
12 ,m Pier 27
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
G pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
...... Pier 7
2prii Pier t
1 pm PMSS
11 am PierO
10 am Pier 2
11 am| Pier 24
Rival ;.
Sequoia.. .'.
Bonita ."....
Zealandla. ;
Point Arena
City Peking
City Puebla
Santa Ana.
Columbia..
D11 fool Powder,
B!ac'< Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your dealer for *
Qhoifc Loaded Du Pont
ufoOSlDWith Smokeless •
C.A.KAIGHT,Ag2nt,
226 Market St. , S. F.
Trial
Treatment
Free
People who are sick and suffering
from rheumatism, catarrh, neuralgia,
sore throat or any ache or pain any-
where about the body ought to take
Halpruner's Wonderful - Medicine as
prescribed and directed.
This medicine will give immediate
relief and with continued treatment a
permanent cure.
Some people may doubt this, but
that does not make any difference.
Dr. Halpruner spends from 1 to 4
every day, except- Saturday and Sun-
day, at his office, 28 California street,
giving trial treatments free. Any one
who does not believe that this medicine
will do as we claim is cordially invited
to call down to see Dr. Halpruner. and
receive a free treatment.
Halpiuner's is for sale by all drug-
gists^ — but do not let them talk you out
of it — if the druggist endeavors to sell
you something else do not pay any at-
tention to him, .for he is more anxious
to get your money than he is for your
good health.
/falpruner's
sells for 50c and $1. a bottte— the large
size containing three' times the quantity
of- the sraalL- • '
ADVERTISEMENTS.Mormons Proselyting, in ! ; Germany.
Dr. Joseph M. Lawrence.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 5.-Dr. Joseph M.
Lawrence died to-day. He was prominent
in fraternal circles In this city and was
at the time of his. death past commander
of the Knights Templar and Pacific grand
patron of the Order of the Eastern Star
of California.
Richard Goldsborbugh.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Jan. 5.—Rich
ard Goldsborough. a •well-known Ameri
can engineer, is dead here.*
ALAMEDA. Jan. 5.— Company G's base
ball team wag defeated by > the Alamedas
in a well played ten-Inning game this aft
ernoon • on " the ¦ Clement-avenue diamond.
The score was 7, to":4.' Harry Bird and
Jack Hammond composed the Alamedas'
battery. Chauncey Pratt and George
Schroeder were in ttre points; for com
pany; G..., ¦ '-'¦¦.'¦ _ _ '_.-' ' ¦ . ' ' ¦•
Alamedas Defeat Company O.
year: than; for: a long while past. The'ac
tivity that developed with: the resumption
of business on f January ;2 was, greatly aid
ed' by the abundance of money with which
a stringent i market ; haa '¦¦ recently and ' sud
denly become flooded. ;'.;„..„ ¦¦ -r-, ,¦¦•-¦ s
v.. B/2RUN, Jan.'5.— The Boerse begins the
new; year with> a.- marked improvement. in
all •': departments,"' ,• and ' it - : is ?. the ; general
opinion that a considerable bull movement
has commenced.
Marked Upward Tendency on London
f i Stock - Exchange/ and Berlin .';'.; \_
'¦¦.. •" i ,- ':¦¦"¦'¦'-.¦'. ' Boerse. ',¦•"¦¦.'. •-•-...'¦..••V,v : «'J
. LONDON,/ Jan. 5.— The "atmosphere on
the London Stock Exchange has I been
more cheerful since .the beginning: of, the
MARKET riSIPROVES -~"~~ ~~ "~
WITH i THE; NEW YEAR
Per.Fr bark Max — Jan 2, 4:20 am, off Cape
Mendocino collided ' with strar Walla Walla. '
The bark's bowsprit and jlbboom were carried
away, • several plates on port and starboard
bow »tove . In, two holes throueh stem • ana"
plates. Jan 4, 11 am, T miles SSE Pt Gorda
was taken In tow by stmr Acme and later
assisted by U • S stmr Hugh McCulloch and
towed to jwt. .':..,' • :<¦;¦
MEMORANDUM.
Sunday, January 5.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 28 houra' from Mosb
Landinr and way ports.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, .hence Jan- 3, (or
Crescent City. Returned with Fr bark Max In
tow. ! ¦ ¦' . . •' ¦¦-.¦-¦ ¦¦;¦ '¦..,"¦
Fr bark , Max, Benoist, 120 days from Glas
gow.
ARRIVED.
I,ATE SHIPPING IlTTEIXIGE3NrC33.
SAN MATEO. Jan. 5.— Miss Mamie May
nard, a prominent young lady of this city,
died this morning at the residence of her
aunt, Mrs. Richard Campbell. Miss May
nard was taken sick a few days ago with
an attack of pleuro-pneumonia and was
unable to rallr.
REDDING. Jan. ¦'- 5.— The - combined ef
forts of six men .were necessary, Saturday
night at the | Keswick ; smelters to remove
a roller weighing , three and' a" half tons
whichvhadr.pinioned : Walter- R. Murphy,
an employe of the smelter machine shops,
to a : large metal . casting. His legs
right arm -were. badly crushed. .The com
pany, physicians hold. out nohope of Mur
phy's recovery.. The victim of the singu
lar accident was engaged with two, other
men pushing the large roller when it over
balanced,; catching. Murphy in its; fall. 1
Fatally Crushed Under ja Holler.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.-Dr. N; H. . Cham
berlain, the physician "in attendance upon
Consul Booth-Tucker, reported this . even
ing that his. patient was progressing fa
vorably and that danger of a \ further
complication was almost past. -Mrs.
Booth-Tucker slept well last night and
this evening. Her pulse and temperature
are about normal. ¦
Consul " Booth-Tucker Improving.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 6".— A man giving his
name as Edward Neal was found . abouc
1:30 o'clock ; this morning: in the ' First
Presbyterian Church on P Versailles ave
nue by Police Officers 'Keyes and Moe
bus.; They heard an unusual noise In the
church and after covering all the points
of exit entered the building and capturud
Neal. Although he had three loaded
pistols on him , Neal ¦¦ made . no resistance.
He was taken to the City .Prison and
charged with burglajy. The . pollca. think
he Is an ex-convict. . . . '. - •-.-
Burglar Enters Church.
REDDING, Jan. 5.— A j serious accident
happened Saturday night at the Keswlck
smelter. Several tram cars used to haul
molten slag ran into an empty slag pot
left standing on the track and the metal
was sent flying In all directions. The
clothing of several of the -workmen caught
fire from the slag and they fled for their
lives from the smelter. Some of the men
were badly injured, although they all had
narrow escapes.
The slag was formerly dumped Into
Spring Creek and made Its way into the
Sacramento River. As it was claimed
that It killed the fish in the waters of that
stream the Mountain Copper Company
established a new dumping ground' and
built an electric railway to convey the
slag to it
"Workmen Burned by Molten Slag
Despondent Miner Attempts Suicide.
REDDING, Jan. 5.— As Frank Dever, a
miner employed in the Bully Hill mine,
came off watch this morning and entered
his room at the. hotel In Sallee, a town
near th© De la Mar smelters, he waa hor
rified to find bis roommate, A. Berton,
sitting on the edge of the bed, with blood
gushing from two ugly self -Inflicted
gashes across the throat. Berton, who
is also a miner, may survive. He had been
eick for a time and despondent.
The elopement crated considerable talk
In local eoclety. Why Edwards look this
method of surprising his friends is setting
them all guessing. ' ¦ ..¦
Young Edwards is an architect by pro
fession and has an office In San Francisco.
He resided In this city, with his , mother,
brothers; and sisters. One of the sisters is
a.' teacher -in the- public schools In this
city and another sings in a local church
choir. His father/who died here some
two or three years ago, .was formerly a
druggist on Kearny street In San. Fran
cisco, and was at one time connected with
the . management of the t} International
Hotel. On hi* death he left an estate
valued at about $40,000. '
Edwards and his bride have declared
to friends that their engagement dated
back some months. They had kept it se
cret, they - said, and suddenly resolved
upon a quiet marriage, hence the trip to
Sonoma County, t
SAN MATEO, Jan. 5.— Local society waa
surprised to-day by the; news of
the elopement of Miss Joan < de
Dessner and Thomas M. Edwards
of . this . city, and their subsequent
marriage in Santa Rosa Saturday by Jus
tice of the Peace Brown. Edwards belongs
to a prominent family he,re and his mar
riage was a great surprise to his friends.
Little is known of the young lady, but it
is believed that sha belongs to a prominent
family in either Oakland, or Vallejo. The
couple met uy chance in San Francisco
Friday and took the steamer for Petaluma
that evening, where they remained over
night as guests of friends. | Saturday they
went from there to Santa Rosa, ;where
thev were married.
Money is now so tight' that thousands
of people have become banditti; and re
sorting toall Kinds.of. illegal practices to
obtain means of sustenance. The Korean
Government maintains : a very , apathetic
attitude toward these troubles and a een
eral • insurrection is in sight. Realizing
this the Government has • gradually gath
ered about itself in Seoul a military force
incomparable, superior, to anything, of the
kind previously known" In Korea, The
Government 2 Is likewise - holding tight to
all the gold it can get for. use in the event
of serious. .trouble. /..* i ,: • .. i < ...
TACOMA, Jan. 5.— Great distress | pre
vails in parts of Korea owing to I money
stringency, '.the partial failure of the rice
crop and the ' defalcations of tax collec
tors, which have necessitated another col
lection ' of taxes. The scarcity of money
is, brought about primarily by a plethora
of nickel and other metals due to * their
manufacture in immense quantities— first,
by the mint, secondly. by the court, third
ly by, the local officials and fourthly by
Korean private ' individuals. These coins
have been turned outv in such great quan
tities that they now have but very little
value, and are discounted 50 to 60 per cent,
even in comparison with copper. ,\ \ „ ;-¦..
The abuses connected with the coinage
are laid at the door. of the Emperor him
self, who has granted permission to man
ufacture coins to any one. desirous of con
verting his premises into a mint. Intone
instance' the native Christians turned the
yard of a Christian church into a site for
their minting operations. .By this prac
tice the Emperor has made large sums iri
times past, as all the money manufac
turers were expected to give him a gen
erous share of their output.
Marriage of Architect
Edwards Surprises
His Family.
Great Distress prevails
and the People Are
Turning Bandits.
PARIS, Jan. 5. — La Liberte has ' pub
lished a report to the effect that the
Rockefellers intend to apply for a conces
sion- to supply gas to the city of Paris.
The paper vigorously opposes this scheme
and says it would be an act of mental
aberration to accept such a proposition,
which would be disastrous to national
production and a powerful help to the de
signs of the Americans, who wish not
only to expel foreign industry from their
own country, but who seek to supplant
foreigners on their own ground.
La Liberte says the Rockefellers would
not use a ton of French coal, and that the
granting of the concession to them would
be a mighty weapon for the realization of
the economic schemes of American impe
rialism in Europe. '
terly Opposes the Proposed
Invasion.
Newspaper in the French Capital Bit-
BOCKEFBIXERS SEEK TO
SUPPLY GAS TO PARIS
KOREA ON VERGE
OF INSURRECTION
Mrs. Mary Wilton was brought to the
Central Emergency Hospital late last
night to be treated for bruises and cuts
about the face and head. She claimed
that she had been'insulted and maltreated
by a man named Martin McCreary. who
she says is a conductor on the North
Pacific Coast Railway. Two officers have
been detailed to search for McCreary.
Conductor Beats a Woman.
HONOLULU, Dec. 28.— The schooner Wala
lau, owned by the Hawaiian Navigation Com
pany, went ashore last week off Kaanapali and
was for a time in danger of being pounded to
pieces on the beach. She was hauled off, how
ever, and is now safe.- The Walalau ia in
the interlsland trade. • . ...
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Jan. 5.— Argentina
has not yet officially ratified the protocol
signed by ¦ Senor . Yanez, the Chilean Minuter
of Foreign Affairs, and Senor Portela_ the Ar
gentina Minister to Chile, and has asked the
Chilean Government for further explanations.
SAN ANTONIO,' Jan. 5. — On account of the
almost total failure of grass and the high price
of f eedstuffs in this section more than 10OO
head of horses and milch cow* have been
killed in- San Antonio during the past sixty
days to prevent them dying of starvation.
\ LONDON, Jan. 5. — Statistics just. Issued
shew that of the total trade with her colonies
Great Britain possesses only 42 per cent, while
the United States has 12 per cent, and that
the latter is rapidly increasing her trade not
only with Canada, but . with Australia.
GALVESTON, Jan. 5.— Taking the census
figures of production as a basis, 'It is esti
mated by the Galveston News from reports of
411 correspondents . that the boll weevil de
stroyed ¦ 242,500 bales «of cotton in Texas dur
ing the past ' season. ......
MADRID, Jan. 6. — The police have discov
ered'traces of anarchist plots in the towns of
Jerez de la Frontera, Alcalda de los Gasules
and Archos de la Frontera, in the province of
Cadiz.~ Forty-nine arrests -were made. -
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 5. — Mrs.
Ulin S. Emick, a * middle-aged woman,, who
has been mentally unbalanced for about three
months, set fire to herself at her home to-day
and was burned to death. * . ., ¦_
HARTFORD, Conn., Jan. 5. — Anton Schave.
bis wife and 2-year-old boy, Joseph, and Miss
Mary Divada, aged 18, were asphyxiated early
to-day at their home by sas from a defective
meter. . • : '
CHICAGO, Jan. 5. — The Church of Our Lady
of Sorrows, Jackson boulevard and ¦ Albany
street, the largest Jesuit edifice in the world,
was dedicated to-day. . .
HONOLULU, Dec. . 2S. — Collector of . Cus
toms Stackabb has received from Washington
orders to admit Importations from the . Phil
ippines free of duty. ;
¦ M Since the ' slgnlnp ! of . the protocol : most
of the -powers of Europe have; continued
their prohibition of the exportation to
China ( of munitions of . war. and material
for their manufacture. The effect' Is to
give a few nations an exclusive market.
This is not regarded as fair and its effect
maybe to cause the powers to repeal the
prohibition. Such a move would be strong
ly deprecated by far-seeing statesmen ac
quainted with the Internal conditions ¦ in
China. Already, as a result of the actions
of the s". American," British • and German
manufacturers and of the Chinese Govern
ment" a. • great step -has .been 'taken ; by-
China in providing . weapons for future
emergency.': .':.'."/¦.'"• v-v-"'-'*- - ' / ": -
During the summer of 1900, ' when the
Boxer revolution was at its height.' all' of
the Governments except .the United States
forbade the exportation of arms to China.
While approaching this action the Presi
dent was unable to join ln.it because there
was no law which would: permit him «to
placer such restriction upon .American
trade. At the same time he authorized
Mr,' Conger, States .Minister in
PeKlngr, to 'accept an article presented for
insertion in , the preliminary, protocol for
the "maintenance, under conditions, to be
agreed upon by the powers, of the inter
diction of the importation of arms and of
materials used exclusively: in their:manu
facture."- ' -'; '
Under the protocol signed in September
by the Foreign Ministers in Peking China
agreed to /issue an imperial edict forbid
ding for a period of two years the impor
tation, as r well as the . manufacture in
China, of all arms and munitions of war.
In the judgment of the powers this period
could be extended.- European powers
claim that several Governments signatory
to the protocol, in order to make effective
the provision relating to the prohibition of
the importation of arms, were bound to
restrain their exporters from continuing
this. trade.. ;. ; . . \ ' ¦ :
I Arms and materials for their manufac
ture are being imported into China, and
the greater quantity, it is alleged, comes
from the United States. The Government
factories in China are working overtime
to turn out arms and ammunition ¦" and
their raw ''material is imported. .
The negligence' of this Government, to
which Great Britain and Germany are
also parties, is characterized in some
quarters as criminal and will result, it is
feared; in the rearmament of China. "This
may -be followed by an outbreak in Cen
tral and Southern China, and the' task of
restoring order "will be far more difficult
and dangerous than it was in 1900. • . -
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W... WASHINGTON, Jan. 5— Complaint is
made by European powers that. v th6
United State3 has violated its . agreement
with them to prevent the importation into
China of munitions of war, and material
for their manufacture.'. ' ?¦*"¦'' : - '¦'.'. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
When Rhodes was brought back from
Colorado in October he endeavored to
chow that Mrs. Rhodes was not a fit per
son to have the custody of the children.
On his showing the court decided against
him, and held that the decree of the Cali
fornia, court should be strictly enforced.
After a trial of eight days Rhodes was.
found guilty last evening. A motion for
a new trial was denied. An appeal will be
taken.
TACOMA, Jan. 5.— Samuel Rhodes, a
traveling salesman, formerly living in San
Francisco, has been cent by* Judge Snell
to the Walla Walla penitentiary to serve
fourteen months* imprisonment for kid
naping his son, Claire Rhodes, aged 8
years, whom Rhodes took from Steilacoom
last August, going with him to Colorado,
¦whence they were arrested and brought
back. Rhodes and his wife disagreed in
San Francisco three years ago. She se
cured a divorce while he was in Alaska
and was given the custody of their two
children. Rhodes claimed that under an
agreement reached before the divorce was
applied for each parent was to have one
child. Soon after that Rhodes secured
the boy and took him to New Mexico,
where the mother regained possession of
him after a search lasting nearly a year.
Eoecial DlBsatch to The Call.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
For months past thugs and thieves have
overrun this city. Women have been as
saulted in their own houses and on ths
streets, hold-ups and robberies have been
of almost dally occurrence and even mur
der has been committed at times when
the occasion, from the standpoint of the
vicious, demanded it.
The murder of 14-year-old Harold Frid
born and the assault upon his sister on
New Year's night aroused the people to a
fury that augurs ill for the thug who falls
Into their hands in the future.
DENVER, Jan. 5.— This city will pre
sent a decidedly martial aspect If plans
adopted at a mass meeting of citizens
this afternoon are carried out — and the
temper of the- meeting would Indicate that
they will be. Because of the many crimes
that have been committed here wit.iin
the past year or two, which have brought
"terror .to Denver's residents, the latter
have organized a committee of safety to
protect the people against criminals.
The streets are to be patrolled during
the night by armed citizens, who will be
expected to keep the town free of the
criminal class. Everybody on the streets
at night will be expected to give an ac
count of himself when called upon and
failing to give a satisfactory explanation
of hia reason for being abroad will bt*
placed in the custody of the police. Po
lice magistrates will be urged to make
punishment for crime so heavy as to de
ter even the most desperate.
John Doyle, carriage-maker, 612 How
ard street, reported to the police early
yesterday morning that he had been
struck on the head with a club by the
proprietor of a lodging-house on Jes
sie street, between Third and Ne«v
Montgomery streets. He was taken to the
Emergency Hospital, where three wounds
in his scalp were Etitched and dressed. As
he had no money to pay for a bed he was
given shelter for the remainder of the
night at the hospital.
Struck With a Club.
Punishment Meted Out
to Man Who Took
His Qwn Son.
European Object
to Rearmament of
Ghina. *
Committee of Safety Is
Formed to Patrol
th© City.
Steel rails and other obstructions; suffi
cient to wreck any train, have been found
on the track of the Eureka and Klamath
River Railroad.
The property of the Arcata and Mad
River ' Railroad Company has also been
set on fire. • ¦ ¦ , _ ' . i'.- : - ¦'
EUREKA, Jan. 5.— A switch . was thrown
open on the California and Northern-ex
tension Saturday night while the train
was at the Arcata depot. Before the
train could be stopped the front wheels
of the engine ran off the track. Luckily
no serious damage resulted. \
Attempts Made to Wreck Trains.
James Smollen, 92 Minna street, who
was arrested Saturday 'night for being
drunk, reported to the police yesterday
morning that he had been held up by two
men in a coalyard on Jackson . street,
near Montgomery avenue, Saturday after
noon about 4:30 o'clock and robbed of $5.
His story was that he was coming from
Chinatown with a bottle of whisky and
met the two men. He Invited them into
the coalyard to have a drink, -when they
robbed him. One of them he had known
in the country. The police give little cre
dence to his story. : .
Says He Was Held Up.
SAN MATEO AGOG
OVER ELOPEMENT
The victim of the accident was standing
on the east side of the street, near j the
car tracks. A northbound electric car be
ing in sight, the clergyman waited until
It passed and started around the rear end
of the moving car. j As he did so car 51,
south bound, was rolling along on the op
posite track. Mr. Burchard did not see
its approach. .
He was struck by a stanchion across its
front and knocked senseless. 1 Motorman
Henry L. White, who was in charge, saw
the man's form, but was unable to stop
the car in time to prevent the occurrence.
The car was 'brought to a standstill and
the police ambulance was quickly sum
moned. At the Receiving Hospital . ten
minutes later an examination disclosed
that death had resulted. The body was
removed to the Coroner's office, where
Dr. H. D. Rowe made an examination,
which diclosed the fact that the skull had
been badly fractured.
Motorman White and Conductor Harry
M. Tyrrell were taken into custody by the
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The Rev. John
L. Burchard, an aged Methodist
clergyman, was struck this morn
ing and Instantly killed by car. 5;
of the Telegraph-avenue branch of
the. Oakland Transit Company, the fatal
ity occurring at Sixteenth . street and
Telegraph avenue, at 10 o'clock. ¦.-";¦ : -¦
I had slowed- down when--, approaching, the
northbound car and was not running at hlffh
speed when the accident occurred. It waejust
as my car front passed the rear of the other
car that I saw the old gentleman step on my
track.
He was right on to the car before I could
dp a thing to save him.- As quickly as I could
I reversed the controller and tried to throw
the car backward, but he had been struck and
knocked down. The man was hit, as nearly
as I could see, by one of the stanchions at the
front of the car.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an inquest
to-morrow night. . • . . • - : ¦
The deceased clergyman, was 78 years of
age and the father of Dr. L. S. Burchard
of this city, with whom he had resided
for a year past at 318 Durant street. His
native State was Delaware. • After spend
ing several years In the ministry in the
East the preacher came to California
forty years ago and was for many years
prominent in Methodist church work. He
had charges • throughout California, and
was elder and presiding elder in several
conferences. For some time before the
death of his wife last yeat he was sta
tioned at Santa Rosa. . "
The funeral arrangements have not yet
been made. -. <¦
police and charged at the City Prison with
manslaughter. Both of the carmen were
allowed to go upon their own . recogni
zance. . ' ; . -
In his statement to the police Motorman
White said: ' ' ,:
VENERABLE MINISTER WHO WAS STRUCK BY A RAPIDLY MOVING
CAR IN OAKLAND AND KILLED, HIS SKULL BEING CRUSHED BY
ONE OF THE STANCHIONS. '..:":
The central labor bodies will each be
represented by two delegates. Unions of
every county of the State Jhave selected
delegates. The unions in Oakland, San
Jose, Bakersfield. Eureka and Sacrament"
have expressed entire sympathy with the
proceedings. One of the chief subjects
before the convention will be the re-enact
ment of the Chinese exclusion act.
Delegates representing the trades and
labor unions affiliated with the American
Federation, of Labor will attend the sec
ond State convention of the year, which
begins at Vallejo to-day. Each union en
titled to representation will have two
delegates for each 100 members on Its roll,
while one delegate will represent the suc
ceeding 100 members. . \
To-Day in Samoset Hall,
Vallejo.
Second Annual Gathering Convenes
LABOR UNIONS TO MEET
IN STATE CONVENTION
CHARGE AMERICA
WITH BAD FAITH
Fifty Degrees Below Zero at Dawson.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 5.— The
steamer Amur, which arrived j this af tcr
noon from Skagway, brought fourteen
passengers from Dawson. They report
that the. weather in the ¦ north is at the
present time very severe, having been GO
aegeres below zero last Tuesday morning
ln i Dawson; 1 Two persons are said to
have died from exposure near Dawron
two weeks ago.
Members of the American Legation here
say the rumors of Miss Stone's release are
quite unfounded, r •
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 5.— The news
that the brigands holding Miss Stone are
being hustled by the inhabitants of Turk
ish territory, where they are said to be in
hiding, has caused a sensation here. A
deadly feud is said to exist between the
leaders of , the hostile bands, some „ of
whom are reported" to have deserted and
as attempting to re-enter Bulgaria. Much
anxiety is felt here . with regard to che
outcome of these developments.
Be After Her Brigand
frf:l :', Captors. ,'•' ,
Hostile Bands of Turks Are Said to
REPORTS.; OF. THE RELEASE
\ OF vMISS: STONE UNFOUNDED
William Swanton w,as one of the mo3t
popular dry goods men in this city, and
in social life he enjoyed the highest re
spect and esteem. He was a native of
Queenstown, Ireland, but for many years
had been a resident of California.
The pallbearers were David J. Costello,
Robert Crowley, Ruben Robinson, Thom
as R. Bannerman, James A. Horan, Jo
seph Sullivan, J. J. Capl.s and William
H. Flagg.
The funeral of the late Wirtiam Swan
ton was held yesterday morning and the
remains were followed to their last rest
ing place by a large number of friends
and acquaintances. Rev. Father P. J.
Cummins officiated at the services, which
were held in St. Patrick's Church. The
burial services at the grave were read by
Rev. Father D. O. Crowley, who was a
personal friend of the deceased.
of "William Swanton.
neral Services Over Remains
Rev. Father Crowley Pronounces Fu-
DRY GOODS MERCHANT
BUSIED IN HOLY CROSS
, aid. . Copyright, r 1002, by the Herald Pub
lishing t '
GUAYAQUIL; .Ecuador, Jan. 5.— The
Ecuadorian'^- Government has sent a
strong force, led by the commissary gen
eral, to the eastern frontier to take pos
session > of .the Ecuadorian territory re
cently invaded by the Peruvian authori
ties., In the meantime official representa
tions are- being:' made to the Peruvian
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
* The Argentina "Minister, Senor Augustin
Arrozosas, has:' left for. Lima. . ¦ .
Special Cable'' to'Th'e Call and New York Her-
Its Territory by
Peru.
Government Will Resist Invasion of
ECUAiDOBIAN TStOOFS
; ' ; SE3ST TO FRONTIER
The syndicate which has purchased the
railroad is composed of R. R. Colgate, R.
M. Hotallng. William M. Pierson. C. A.
Grow, E. J. de Sabla Jr. and John Mar
tin. "-:-•¦¦,?: ¦¦: ,
The North Pacific Coast Railroad form
ally passes into the hands of its new own
er, the Bay Counties Power Companyj to
day. There will be no ceremonies",, the ar
rangements for the change having been
made last week, as announced in The
Call. President James B. Stetson' will re
tire, to be succeeded by. John 'Martin as
president. George H. Falrchlld will be
general manager. . . :
The new company will Improve the prop
erty by making it of standard gauge from
Sausalito to San Rafael. The motive pow
er will "be electricity. It was stated last
night by a member of the new owners of
the "road that arrangements were being
made to extend the line to Napa and St.
Helena. This is an important item to the
residents along that route, who will hall
the extension with satisfaction.
¦ Dr. James F.' McCone was summone-1
when Mr. Freud's condition was discov
ered, but when the physician arrived
death had ensued. Dr. McCone ] made a
hasty examination and decided that an
affection of the heart had probably been
the cause of death. He notified; the Coro
ner's office, as an* inquest will be neces
sary.- • . ... ' ' '. .•. ; •;.'"
James Richard Freud, secretary of: the
Merchants'; Association I and a member; of
the Civil { Service Commission, ;died?sud
denly, at his home,- 1516 Jackson street, at
half-past 1 o'clock ; this morning. It :.; is
presumed that death was x due to heart
failure.'- ---""'."A*'"' '¦' * "> -?' ':"",""' V ' « ; -'
Major Henry T. Allen, ex-Governor of
the. island of Leyte (now on a tour of In
spection - through that island and Min
doro), reported yesterday that the ma
jority of the signal corps wires on Leyte
had' been cut, and that this action was
evidently preconcerted, ¦*¦•¦¦
Captain Pitcher reports that he is rap
idly ridding the island of Mindoro of in
surgents.
The constabulary of Tarlac, . ¦ Luzon,
have captured a number of members of
the Filipino secret society called the
"Guardla de Honor." The prisoners in
tended : moving to i the island of Pollilo
(off the east coast of Luzon), where they
expected to be free of American interfer
ence, temporarily at least, and where
they had decided to resist American in
vasion to the uttermost. Twenty mem
bers of the "Guardla \ de Honor" are
charged- with sedition.- '¦• . ¦ „ -
The big stone church at Balayan, in Ba
tangas Province, -is falling to pieces as a
result of the recent earthquake. r,v
Conditions on . the island of Samar are
still unsatisfactory, owing to the difficulty
of finding the Insurgents. Captain Schoef
fel of the Ninth Infantry, who was
wounded .in a severe hand-to-hand fight
last month on Samar Island, between
eighteen men of Company E. of his regi
ment and a large force of bolomen, has
practically recovered from the effects of
his wound. In an official report of the
encounter it is said that Schoeffel killed
three men before ! he received his wound
and that the remnants of the detachment
of eighteen men were saved by his per
sonal courage and daring.
The civil authorities say that the island
of Leyte is now peaceful. On the other
hand, the military authorities consider
Leyte to be dangerous, on account of its
proximity to Samar, if for no other rea
son. Last Friday Major Albert L. Meyer
of the Eleventh Infantry captured quite
an extensive arsenal and" plant for the
making of cartridges at Ormoc, on the
northwest coast of Leyte. Major Meyer
also captured another powder factory,
large quantities of ammunition, four can
non and several rifles. • ¦".¦:' ¦ x %
The advocates of peace In Manila de
precate; the stern measures employed by
General Bell. In reply, General Bell says
that, these peace advocates have -had nu
merous opportunities to lise'their^ Influ
ence," as they have ¦ been f " given passes
through the American lines almost for the
asking, and that it has j been afterward
proved that they often went through the
nnes only for the purpose of assisting the
insurrection. General Bell says that the
best peace method now is rigorous war
fare until the insurrection is completely
subdued. " - • ¦ ; ¦ ',-¦¦¦
The arrest of the wealthy Ix>pez family
and" the ' confiscation of their steamers
and rice, as well as the arrest of three
members of 'the religious corporations,
who were known to be instigators of the
insurrection, • has had an excellent effect
upon- the natives. - * -¦•- .
'• MANILA, ; Jan. 5.— General J. Franklin
Bell is conducting a vigorous campaign in
•Batangas Province. Every available sol
dier^is in" the "field. The columns under
the command of Colonels Wint and
Dougherty are doing excellent work and
driving - Filipinos in all i directions. A
number of the latter are fleeing to Tay
abas'Province? where the native constab
ulary is rendering valuable assistance In
capturing men and rifles.
SENT TO PRISON
FORKIDNAPING
There is ni longer doubt as to who shall
succeed the late John A. Russell as clerk
of the Board of Supervisors. When Mr.
Russell retired from active duty some
months ago Charles Fay. private secre
tary of Mayor Phelan, was named for the
place, but there was some hitch in th>:
proceedings and the appointment was not
made. The resignation of Russell was not
acted upon, and the matter went over to
await the result of Russell's illness. Now
that the necessity, of appointing a suc
cessor has arisen Fay is again advanced
for the honor. It is known he has the
support of Mayor Phelan and that the
latter"s influence with the present Board
of Supervisors Is far-reaching:. Last night
the matter was clinched in Fa5-'s favor,
and it is more than likely that he -will be
named for the place to-morrow. Th-»
actual appointment may not, however, be
made until the final meeting of the board
en Wednesday.
Keane is a young attorney of promise,
who has transacted RueFs probate busi
ness icr several years. The fact that he
has been chosen by the Mayor-elect for
the important post of private secretary
will ue a painful surprise to many who
h&u coveted the honor with its saiary of
42W a moitth, and wtio were lea to bo
iieve thai they had some show. The hand
of Kuef, who is the Mayor-elect's attor
ney, is quite plain to be seen in the <Je
tertnination 01 Schmitz on mis point.
Keane is an affable young man, ana ins
iriends declare that he is xn every way
qualified to nil the duties of the re
sponsible ofjice to wnicn tie wiil be called
oy the incoming Mayor. \..-S
The Theatrical Kmpioyes' Union is up
in arms ags.inst Schmitz, who, the mem
bers allege, has broken his promise to ap
point their president, S. Simmons, to a
place on the Board of Public Works, it
is claimed that the Mayor-elect had some
time ago atrreed to name Simmons fur
the place, but a few days since he. an
nounced that it would be impossible lor
him to supply the goods, rie offered,
however, to make Simmons a Fire Com
missioner, but this was declined on the
ground that Simmons was making as
much at his business as that office would
pay in the way of salary. The cordial re-,
lations existing between Schmitz and tiie
members of the theatrical fraternity .ire
in consequence somewhat strained, ami
unless the alleged agreement made to
«;ive Simmons a place on the Board o£
Works is carried out an open rupture is
inevitable. .
It was positively announced in political
circles last night that Attorney Harry
W. Hutton would be named as Police
Commission sr when the list of appoint
ments to be made by the Mayor-elect is
formally presented Wednesday. Hutton
was attorney for the labor unions in the
strike, and during the campaign he wtu
an ardent supporter of the labor ticket.
Hutton's views concerning the police were
often forcibly expressed in his addresses
during the campaign, and his appointment
will- not be regarded with confidence by
the department.
The speculation among the politicians
as to the selection of a private secretary
10 be made bj* Mayor-elect Schmitz was
ended yesterday with the authoritative
announcement that George B. Keane, a
clerk in the employ of Attorney Ruel,
would receive tb* appointment.
DENVERITES ARM
TO CHECK CRIME
At the business session the convention
re-elected Leon Zolotokoff of Chicago as
gTand master and I. "VVelpe of" Chicago as
treasurer. It was voted to held the next
convention in Milwaukee.
If your plan will offer freedom take Palestine
and I will be with you, and we will all work
together.
I have a nation. I will not exchange it for
a nation in Jerusalem.' I have my flag, and
I will not exchange it. I . have a legally as
sured home, for. after all, what we suffer here
is inconsequential. Let the Jew learn to strike
back when he is struck and they will learn to
leave him alone. His condition would be bet
tered if he would keep the rest In wholesome
fear of a Jewish fist and a Jewish kick.
Shall we call them to America? I would
gladly do so if their coming would be a solu
tion of the problem. But it would not be.
From the- prey of Russia to the sweatshops 'of
America does not spell redemption. !
It is for these Jews that the name of their
country spellg "Hope." I should not be a
man if I did not realize that for these perse
cuted Jews Jerusalem spells reason. Justice,
manhood and liberty.
I agree with you that the condition of
7,000,0GO Jews in Russia, Roumanla and Ga
licla is a blot on civilization and cries out to
heaven for redress. The world Is stirred by
accounts of suffering of the women In th«
concentration camps in South Africa. No
doubt their condition is bitter, but the con
dition of the Jews in Russia Is worse. Tet.
while voices are raised in protest in England
against her treatment of the South African
•vromen, no voice is raised in behalf of the
Jew. Why? Because- they are Jews. ! What
matters it that they suffer: . they are Jews.
Behind them stands no guns nor armored ships.
They are Jews. They have suffered eighteen
centuries: let them suffer more. That Is th«
condition which calls out to heaven for Justice
and not for charity.
I also agree with you that if these Jews say
that they have no country they are justified.
What flag is theirs? They must -pay blood
taxes to the Czar, yet they are. not treated as
subjects. In Roumania they are declared to be
aliens. The fault lies with the Government
of Russia, Roumania and Galicia.
Rabbi Emll G. Hirsch gave his views on
the proposed movement. In view of the
fact that the Zionists consider Dr.
Hirsch's attitude on the question hostile
to their plans great interest was mani
fested in his remarks. He said:
We do not mean to take the Jews by the
neck "and throw them Into Palestine, nor do we
intend to transform the Jews overnight Into an
ag: (cultural people. We want to resume the
broken thread of our nation; we want to> show
to the world the moral strength, the Intellectual
power of the Jewish people. We want a place
where the race can again b« centralized.
CHICAGO, Jan. . 5.— Impetus to the
movement to establish the Jewish race
once more in Palestine was given to-night
at a mass-meeting of' Zionists at the Me
dinah Temple Theater. Two thousand
Hebrews, for the most part supporters of
the plan to open again the promised land
for the chosen people, crowded the hall.
The meeting was in connection with the
annual convention of Western Zionists,
whose organization embraces ten States.
The plan determined upon at the Basle,
Switzerland, conferer.ee was outlined by
Leon Zolotokoff, grand master of the
Knights of Zion, who said that the idea
was to create a legally assured home for
the Jews and a refuge for Jews who can
not be assimilated by the people among
¦whom they now live. Said he: V -r\
Says He Will Not Exchange
V. America for a Nation
in Jerusalem..
gas Province.
Every Available Soldier Now
• in the Field in Batan-
Heart Failure Supposed s toj
; : Have Been the Fatal
"Ailment.
Charles Fay to Be Appointed
Clerk of Board of
Supervisora
Extensions to Napa^ and St.
Helena Are No w : Under
Consideration.
North Pacific Coast Prop
erty to Pass Into
New Hands.
Ceases * Pandering to
Advocates of Peace
' ' ¦ . - ¦ !¦¦•:•
m Manila.
Civil Service Commis
sioner Dies at His
Home.
George B. Keane Will Be
Private Secretary
of Mayor.
Rabbi Hirsch* Considers
Palestine Project Im
practicable.
RUEF'S CLERK
IS SELECTED
R0AD CHANGES
OWNERS TO-DAY
OPPOSES PLAN
OF THE ZIONISTS
SUDDEN DEATH
OF J. R. FREUD
BELL EMPLOYING
STERN MEASURES
AGED MINISTER RECEIVES
DEATH BLOW FROM A CAR
Rev; John L. Burchard Passes Behind One Elec
'j trie Vehicle and Is Struck by Another.
V THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1902.
THE. DAY'S DEAD.
' If * it is as hot in ': Laizon as it , is '/, In
Kansas. City the public sentiment against
the friars can be in a measure understood.*
"ALiAMEDA^.'Jan. ¦5.— Harry Knok, - 19
years of age, is in • the City i Prison '.with
a* charge of petty larceny booked • against
his name. ».. The boy ¦ is . accused j of -, having
stolen $3 from, the cash register. in ¦ ManU
ler'a; bakery on Part street and Pacific
Boy Charged; With; Larceny.
':/: BERLIN; Jan. 5.--The .German ; Mormon
conference has assembled here . under I the
leadefshlp'of Hugh : J.- Cannon, "son of the
late i George ) Q. Cannon,' the - well-known
Mormon apostle. . One ¦ hundred and twen
ty-five c'.. Mormon v missionaries ; . are v now
working ; In : Germany and . have won 2000
C
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mejlin's
Food
furnishes the
phosphatic salts
necessary to build
up the teeth.
** Mellin' s Food Babies" sent free.
Mel lin'i Food Co.. Boston, Mass.
t 'DR.' MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MO».
Established 1SSL Con- •
eultation and private book
free at oiflce or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.*^
731 MARKET Si/
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
/fil'rp nnill I. '^Corner Fourth and
PftLL U I I U A I Market. S. F. Try,
' I ' li T T K I II II I our SP^^l Brew. •
U H I L I 1 U 1 H I— Steam. and Lager!
Will b> Uv IIIU cc. Overcoat* ani
valises cbeck»i tit*
"A short time ago I tasted some coffee
and found, to my astonishment, that I did
not care anything about it. I never have
to take Jive:: medicine any more. I" hope
you will use this letter for the benefit of
those suffering from th«» poisonous effects
of coffee. I would gladly send to those
who wish the address ; of my attending
physician, who will corroborate- what "I
eay." Mrs. Abner Marrion. Clinton, Mich.
"Gradually I began to get better, and
week by week gained in strength and
health. Not I am In perfect condition,
and I am convinced that the whole cause
of my troutle was from -coffee drinking,
and my. getting better was due to leaving
off coffee and taking Postum.
"However, husband brought home a
package of Postum Food Coffee . and it
was made strictly according to directions.
It wss the only thing that would stay on
my etomacb. and I soon got so I liked it
very much.
"Finally I got down so sick with catarrh
of the stcmc.ch that I could not turn over
in bed. and my stomach did not digest
even milk. The doctor finally told me
that if I did not give up drinking coffee I
would surely "die. but I felt I could not
give It uj».
Old King Coffee knocks subjects out tol-
erably fiat at times, and there is no possi-
ble doubt of what did it. A lady gives her
experience: "I used to have liver trouble
nearly all of the time acd was compelled
to take some liver medicine like calomel,
which relieved me only for a little while.
Then every once in a while I would be
eudfienly doubled up with an awful agony
In my stomach. It seemed as though every
time 1 tcck a breath I would d^ No one
could suffer any more and live.
Heans Sure Death.?
Sticking to Any Habit When It
WHAT'S THE USE
POSTUMC CEEEAL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1902,
10
SAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every n!pht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — T.27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
»00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fi.Tt> McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S-II Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
. 22(51 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until fl |k- m.
10C Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
109C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Ftrects: open«until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until B p. m.
MEETING KOTICES.
FT'NERAL Notice: California Command- <«JL—
cry No. 1. K. T. — Officers and members^rjP
are hereby notified to assemble in the [UJ
asylum on MONDAY. January C, at v/
1:45 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
conducting the funeral of our deceased frater.
SIR JOHN ADAM RUSSELL. Templar
burial service. Ey order cf the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Cotnmandery <S^a
No. 16 K. T.. 625 Sutter et. — Stated ]»¦
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 ]M)
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All N v-
fraters are courteously invited. "
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO.* FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal »
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Business only. «L2?
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. r^r*
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No, 22. F. and A. «
M-— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at Ji
7:30 o'clock. Stated meeting. *Lj\
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secty. '^T *
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ¦
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (MON- _J\_-
PAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. ISjK
First degree. By order of \V. M. 'v^
EDWIX L. MEYER. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodee No. 127. F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY. (Mon-^\_
day), January C, 19C2. at 7:30 o'clock T_JK
p. m. By order of the W. M. » »•' .
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. m
and A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore st. — Stated _^_, ;
meeting and Third degree THIS jEj?
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. -¦=. ''.-¦ /W>
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D. F. and A. m
M.. Mowry's Kail, will meet THIS _#V_
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
First degree. By order of the W. M. 'V>
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MEMBERS of the Riggers' and Stevedores'
Union Association — You are hereby notified
that a special meeting will be held on MON-
DAY. January 0. 1902, at t : 03 Front St., for
the election cf officers, at 7:30 sharp. A full
attendance is requested. By
A. CAMPBELL, President.
HUGH McKURTT. Recording Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co., 415 Post et. t San Francisco. Cal. —
The annual meeting of the etockholders of
the Kan Francisco Gas and Electric Com- i
1'iany -will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 415 Post St., in the city and county of
i-^n Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 21. 1902 The transfer bocks
of the company will be closed from January
10. 1902, to and including: January 21. 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
• - - , Secretary.
Dated San Francisco, January ti, 1902.
.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take noti.ee that the annual meeting
of the etockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poration, -vrlll be held at the principal office
of the company, in the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market Et.. between Fourth and
Fifth, In the city and county of San Fran-
Cisco, State of California, on THURSDAY,
the 16th (lay of January, 1902, at 2 o'clock
P. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may prox^erly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS, Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
S27 Market ft.. San Francisco, Dec. SL 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. "27 Market St.. In the city and county
. of San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January,
1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. t for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose of amendins article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of Etockholders and for such other
husiness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer bocks will close on Saturday. Jan-
uary 4. at 12 o'clock in. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission havins re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from L. La^omarsino. in the
Rcmy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings on a flat; from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jones, in the Hardscrabble
mine, near Oak, Shasta Co., to deposit tail*
ings in Clear Creek, and frcm Joseph Rup-
ley. In the Negr-o Flat placer mine, at Negrro
Flat. El Dorado Co.. to deposit taillnc* In
rfeRro Gulch, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room C9. Flood building, San
Francisco, Ca!.. on January 13, 1902, at 1 :30
p. m. --, ~;," *
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS — Th» annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
¦Wcrks will be held at the office of the com-
pany 126 Stockton St.. San Francisco. Cal.,
et 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth
day cf January. 1902. to elect trustees to
terve for the ensuing year snd for *he trans-
action of euch other business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco,
December T*. 1901.
PELHAM W. AMES. . Secretary.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal., will be held at Its banking-house, 301
Montgomery et.. San Francisco. Cal., - en
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
fer the — isiiing: year and the transaction of
Ftich other but=ine«=s as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
LaSies' Protection and Relief Society will
be held at the "Home." corner of Franklin
and Geary ets., THURSDAY. Jan. 9. at 2
p. m. ALICE BRQ-VVy. Rec. Seo>
AGEXTS WANTED.
CANVASSERS, male and female, in every city,
town and village; article absolute necessity:
sales constantly increasing: 100 per cent
profit: permanent agency •. possible. SUTH-
ERLAND. room 14. Flood building. ;¦-.¦¦¦'¦
AGENTS on salary and com. Manhattan Food
Cd.. 1253 Fclsom et. S. F.
ASPHALTU3I ROOK1XG.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market et.— Roofs.
rldetralk?, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, by mail if
deglred. RAYMOND. 227 Taylor ft.
ATTORKEYS AT LAW, -
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty iquick, quiet-
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Oren evenlnprs byappointment;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce: bankruptcy: collections -
attachments; mortpases; bills of sale ; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cet-sful; open eve'g. J.M.Thurston.SiO Market.
31. W. KING, attorney. Exam, bldg., 6th floor;
all cases; fees low; estates, collections, etc.;
consultation free; no advance fees; open eves.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK, .Emma Sprecke'.s bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Ercltaage.
SEW bicycles for children, men and women*
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast!
BAKER & HAMILTON. Fine and Market sta.
BOOKS— SEW AXD OLD.
3TOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 142tf Market st.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHA.VCES. ' ~~
A— $350; SALOON, city~frontTrenT $15;~re^
celpts-$15 day. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A— $125; BRANCH bakery! good trade! 3
rooms; rent |12. 6TRAND. 20» Kearny st.
A— $150; DELICACY store; good trade; Sixth
¦t.; 2 rooms; rent $15. STRAXD. 209 Kearny.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of
any kind. STRAND & CO., 200 Kearney st.
$1000— RESTAURANT; fine location; $50 to
$G0 daily. MILES & CO.. 027 Market, r. 208.
;«50 — GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; in
Mission; good business; splendid location.
MILES & CO.. 927 Market et.. room 2OS.
,'fCOO — SALOON; 3 rooms; low rent; long lease
MILES & CO.. 927 Market et.. room 20S.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.- r
fi Eddy St., rooms IS and 10.
Hotels, restaurants, lodgine-houses. grocery
etores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands. leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
TARTNER wanted In an established 1 business;
can ir.ake $100 mo.; chort hours; no experi-
ence req. CaL Bussincss Assn., 865 % Market.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net *2 50 to?0
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 4C2 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 621 Market st. „ , •
ttSO— CIGAR stand, including stock. Call bet.
2 and 4 at. Milton House, 150 Third, room 25/
_«___««__Lj_™__M__^____Bn__M)____!
CLAIRVOYANTS. v ,
ONE DOLLAR' . . . . . . . . : /ioNE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD. '
Direct from Hotel Cecil,' London.
Have a. psychic or palmistry ¦ reading and
know thy future and prospects, for 1902.
$1 00! $100! $100! $1 00!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR!. ONE DOLLAR!
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers', quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will. mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman .you love.,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to o
Sundays.
" Reception rooms. -13. 14. first floor.
-¦ 1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. MV BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS / '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the ru-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this • great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at. 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. ¦ Dally, and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, -
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when all others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 607
Kearny st., parlors 1, 2", 3.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $A; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 32CA Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 ar m. to 8p. m.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 aj m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. LAROSE. 777% Market, r. 21— Gifted
clairvoyant, card reader, 25c up; no sign.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 059 Folsom, cor. 6th.
MME HANSEN. well-known life and card
reader and palmist. 25c. 14S Sixth, r. 14.
CONSULT the sifted clairvoyant. 349% Min-
na st.. near Fifth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken ;tel.Jeasle 1563.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c. t
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 3. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
60c and $1 — PROF. WELLTER, clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 519% Lcavenworth St.. S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.'
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to JSPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatingr Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2G3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th ft.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 910 Market Bt. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
*194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
DENTISTS,
A^5^."T^^71ilG"GIN^~"9^7~M^keTsTrEmma
Epreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings $1; gold and porcelain crowns,. $5 up;
platen, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee N lt.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL, CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly;teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns,$3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fllllngs 60c;
plates $5. full set: all vscrk painless and war-
. ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry: lst-class prices; lst-
class results". W. C. HARDING.M.D.. dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ;painless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co., C Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, ?3; flllings,50c.
LOWEST prices In'S. F. : painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15% Geary, nr. Larkin — Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates ?5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
¦ DO G SPEC! ALIST.
i>R. EDWARD' N. LEAVT, canine /pecialis*
late of New York City, has Just located at
006 Jones Bt., where he 'will admtnster to th«
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELTS C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating.' -WAI.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffalt.
SECOND term night school, for -men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Elhd
ets."; 15-weelc courses, beginning January 6;'
bookkeeping course $5, electrical . course I $5,
English course $3, stenographer's' course • %\\
classes in algebra, Anglo-American : history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
. bookkeeping, civil government,- civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law,' elec-
tricity, elocution,' English, ¦ free-hand- draw-'
ing, geometry, German, mechanical . drawing,
vocal music. ,raval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for. hours and tuition prices.- A.
A. MACURDA. Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary^
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory/ demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work ; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. - education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, I penmanship,
spellng, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat." free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST., T
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;'
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. - j
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE.. Is this advice worth fol-
lowlng? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical •¦ agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures
.TARR, . expert : accountant.'. 220 Parrott , bldg. ;
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting ¦ has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st. :
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally/
MISS M.G. BARRETT. -302 Montcomery st.
m'ST\"R«S rHANCF.S — rn»H^/-.l.
X^41250; DEATH In family causes 'the owner
of one of the best-known, best-located coffee
and chop houses to take in a partner; a rare
chance for honest and active man. See R. G.
WILKE, 2tiV[ Kearny st. ¦
A— $320oT'cORNER saloon; choicest location;
place clears above $200 per month;, rent $75;
ihis Is a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26^ Kearny st. | - .
A — $300: BRANCH bakery and conlectloncry:
close to large schools; living rooms; rt-nt $20;
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKB, 2ti^
Kearny Bt. '
A— SfiOO COAL and wood yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagons; business Is located in oak-
land" established years and first-class pay-
lug. All particulars* R. G. WILKE, 1'0-i
Kearny st.
A £400: SAtrOON on water front; rent $20;
good paying business; investigate at once; a
rare chance. Inquire R. G. WILKB, 26»6
Kearny st. :
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat,
trail 11. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— 81000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A — $C00; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years: flrst-class paying; located
closa to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 26V6 Kearny st.
X — $S00; COFFEE saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny et.
A— PARTY wanted with $3000 to $5000 to
buy interest in one of the oldest established
general commission houses of this city; hon-
est and active mam wanted; references to be
exchanged; books open for inspection. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st. .
A — $050; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.; rent $30: good paying business;
full value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
X— $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth St.; rent $20; living rooms; fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Et. j
FOR sale — At a great sacrifice, a restaurant;
good location; cheap rent; must be sold at
once. Inquire 7C5 Market St., rooms 1 and
2, McBRIDE & CO. .__
WANTED — A man with about $1500 "cash to
Invest in a going business; -will be given full
management owing to illness of present
manager; sure to double your money inside
3 months; no experience necessary; no risks.
For further particulars call at 027 Market
st.. room 218.
TO let — A Ftore almost completely furnished, as
a restaurant; a good opening for cook or man
and wife; but little money required. Call or
address H. G. MEHRTENS, 1520 Webster
Bt.. Alameda. % m
A NEWSPAPER route earning abo\it $45 pet
month: requires about 3 hours per day to
look after It: good for a student or some one
engaged part of day. Address box 1, Call
Branch Office. lOti Eleventh st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery, baking over 2
bbls. a day: store trade only; kept by the ;
present owner 16 years; retirimr from busl- !
ners cause of sale. Box 3199. Call.
A HAIR and scalp specialist retiring from a
business of long standing, will teach and sell
her business, including valuable formulas,
cheap If taken at once. Box 2G07, Call office.
5500 — PARTNER; Market-st. restaurant; du- :
ties are light; only to attend to cash: fine
chance for a steady man. Business Board l
Trade, 326 Pice st. i
$T.OO — PARTNER wanted in profitable busi-
ness; no experience required; no agents.
Room 10. 835 Market st.
AN established manufacturing, wholesale and
retail, business for sale cheap. Call at 247
Fifth st.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER, 124 Myrtle St., Santa
Cruz. Cal. /
FOR Sale — A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 45». Healdsburg, Cal.
FANCY dry goods for sale, cheap; splendid
opportunity. 1531 Devlsadero st. f
ESTABLISHED undertaking business In Oak-
land at Invoice. Box 700, Alameda.
FRUIT store for sale on easy terms; paying :
business. 151 Ninth st. :---•-<•
GROCERY store will be sold cheap if bought
to-day. 1201 Golden Gate ave.
SALOON and restaurant to let cheap. - Apply
90S Laguna Et. / < [
I WANT to buy a saloon or grocery and bar
either side of Market. Box 2941. Call office.
WANTED — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
state price. Address box 2992, Call office.
BROOKSVILLE Hotel and bar at R. R. sta-
tion. Holy Cross Cemetery, for sale or trade.
MECHANIC with business ability desires busi-
ness interest for email capital. Box 2990, Call.
FOR sale — Saloon. Inquire 613 Sansome St.;
cheap. • •
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; best
location. Address A. B. C. Oakland.
FOR SALE — First-claES fruit and vegetable
etore. Call 557 Geary et.
BAKERY for sale; shop trade; over 2 barrels a
day. Box 3020, Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200 $1900
14 rooms; worth $800 500
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1850
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 1250
23 rooms ; clears $100 950
100 rooms: clears $400 6000
10 rooms: on Etidv st 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
£ H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
CO-ROOM HOUSE, SURE TO CLEAR
...$300 EVERY MONTH. PRICE $3500...
Payments to suit. DECKER, 1020 Market.
39-ROOM HOUSE
Price Only $1900; Payments.. .,
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. *
A — Near the Call Building.
Phone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rma. 1-
-}'•'•' 2. Money to loan on
lodging-houses or on
real estate. Big free list cf lodging-bouses at
my office. AH for sale on easy terms. Call.
22 r. ; rent $GC; c«ntral;l floor ;clean;full. $1200
35 r. ; clears about $00 each month $750
25 r. ;rent $50;tncome $150 ;3 blks of Mkt. $1600
36 r. ; 40 boarders; flrst-class location; clears
$175 mo.j owner e!ck; exchange for small
house or real estate; investigate; make offer.
13 r. ; fine carpets; low rent; a bargain.. $3oO
47 r. ;elegant;clears $147 mo. ;slmply lst-class.
A — WINSTON & WOLF, 102G Market; photo-
praph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211.
Invite you to call upon them If you desire to
buy a lodging-hotfse. and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. Specials:
30 rooms; rent $75 ......$1400
46 rooms; rent $100 3250
45 rooms; rent $125..... -2900
16 rooms; rent $G7 675
14 rooms; rent $C0 1000
18 rooms; rent $37 60 1050
CALL ON RETSLOFF. HE CAN SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner sick; must sell $200
12 rooms; corner; clears 545 525
100 rms. ; grand cor.; clears $500; paymts 5500
21 rooms; Al location; payments 1000
8 rooms; -Just listed; good 300
IK rooms; well furnished; bargain ...... 1250
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale... 3000
10 rooms; best in city; payments.. 600
Money to loan. A. H. -RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 531.) 906 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
AA ATTENTION, BUYERS AA
• You may buy any rooming-house in the
city and pay for It /.
In monthly payments
From the profits of the house. •
We furnish " vacant houses
And loan money at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
K50 Market Et. Tel.- Davis 2S1.
flfiOO — 100-ROOM house: cheap rent.
$400 — 34-room house; cheap rent.
Good-paying worklngmen's houses; 70 houses
more on list; some good bargains: before you
buy call and investigate. McBRIDE & CO
7C5 Market St. '
BUYERS. ' If you want a lodglngr-house that
will pay. or to borrow money at 1% per cent,
call - on M. E. RIVES, 916 Market st. ; tel.
Main, 128. -y\ '
3. H. STANTON, real estate and business
chance agent; removed from 34 Kearny st. to
««7% Market St.; hundreds of lodging-houses
and business chances. .
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and .prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Markt.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange lodging-houses of
any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny Bt.
SPIRITUALISM. " "
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous material!^
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.;50c. 10S4 Bush st.
BROCK WAY. 1032 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin 3761 — Seances : Sun ,-
Tues., Thurs.. S:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance,' bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.; readings, 50c,
$1; circle Tues.. Thur.. Frt. night. 30c.
'A — DEVELOPMENT circle; questions; answers
to all; Hon., Thurs., 8 p. m. ; 25c. 1304 Post.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing se-
ance Monday evening. 325 Ellis St.; 50c.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
| Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night,10c.
HELP » WAlVTEn—MAI.K— run. |
A— MURRAY & READY...,. Phone Main 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office Open 7 a. m.. ;: -..
Blacksmith for ranch, steady Job. u>c fare.^
FuVnace'man." 'married'or "single. .$05 & house
4 teamsters, large ranch, south.. $30 and fd
Machine hand, planing mill •** dav
8 farmers and orchard hands.. $26 and found
4 pruners. same orchard, lone Job: 2 ma-
chinists, city; 3 choremen; 0 woodchoppers,
. $1 25 and $1 50 cord, tools furnished.......
50 woodchdppers and tiemakers, 75c to $1 ou
cord and 10c to 15c each ;...........
.... ..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waiters for bakery. .. ..$10 week and board
Restaurant cook, 35c fare.. $14 week and fd
Cook, country hotel,. $1 26 fare.. $40 and rd
7 cooks, city and country hotels; 5 waiters, |
country: dishwasher, no night or Sunday
work. $25; kitchen help....
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office. 31G Stockton st. — Indoor
servant and porter work. $25 and found:
coachman, country. *25 and found during
winter; dairyman, private place. $30: cooks,
$35 to $65; waiters, $6 to $10 a week; dlsh-
. washers, $15 to $25; ve?e tableman. $30; Ger-
man boy, country hotel, $15. etc.
WANTED— A single man to help in saloon and
lunch kitchen; wages $25 a month, board and
lodging; experience necessary- Apply Ex-
celsior saloon. First and Brannan sts.
WANTED— Sober man; tend bar; understand
mixing drinks; fair trade salesman; German
speaking preferred. Box 2035. Call office.
WANTED — A steady man with $100 cash; light
business; will pay about $65 per month; per-
manent place. 765 Market St.. room 3.
WANTED— -A strong boy at 834 Valencia st.
WANTED — Errand boy at 641 % Stevenson st.
WANTED— -2 bootblacks, wages $10T each per
week, at 217 Montgomery st.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price, 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Business men, to present a good
proposition; we want good talkers; salary.
Sid Market, room 45; room 41. Macdonough
bldg., Oakland: room 55, Porter bide., San
Jose.
WANTED— Honest young man with $250, take
cash and assist in restaurant; $50 month; no
experience: only those having the cash and
mean business apply. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED— <-Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
run3 Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor; must have very
best recommendations. A. CAILLEAU, 114
Kearny st.
WANTED — Recipes for Jujubes, gumdrops and
packet table Jellies; will pay $5 each for
recipes with demonstration. Box 31SS. Call.
COST clerk In manufacturing machine shop;
must be • exoerienced ; references required:
salary $50 at flrBt. Box 2979. Call.
WANTED — First-class experienced floor walker
for dry goods store; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 3172, Call.
WANTED — Bushelman; steady work. Apply
308 Bush st. '
PARTY to take contract to cut 1000 cord3 oak
wood. Room 534, Parrott building.
BOYS wanted, 16 years of age and upward;
wages $1 per day. Apply at Rope Works,
Potrero. ¦• . ' • .•- .
WANTED — Old man to take care of place. 30
Hannah St., Watts Tract. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltins: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
. 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard 3t..nr. 5th.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. .2200 Flllmore.
HO11SKS AXP WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wednes-
day. Jan. 8, at 11 a. m., at the Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOYLE,
Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's -wagon, one i-
horse truck, one 12-paasenger carriage. CAB-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St. ¦
YOUNG, gentle business horse for sale, cheap.
2453 Mission Bt.
A GOOD top-buggy, almost new, cheap. 2345
Howard st.
FOR SALE — One bay road horse; fast; -will
be sold at a bargain.*! 1611 California st.
HORSE, $20; mare. $25; also big plow horse
. and coal wagon cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
2 BLACK teams:- brewery or hacks; $350 each.
Star Stables. 2125 Mission st. -
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. Johr H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap.- 53? Mission.
" HOUSES TO LET.-
A^P^INT^D^ieTTiou^eTToTeTr^Betdnfor^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
MODERN 2-story furnished house; best part
Alameda: $30 month. Write with references
F. W. D., care Johnson-Locke Merc. Co..
. 123 California st. ' ---•.¦-•»..
HOUSES -WANTED.
¦WANTED— April 1, by family of. adults, fur-
nished house within hour of San Francisco;
six bedrooms required; also stable; San Jose
road preferred; give particulars; 6 months or
longer. Address box 2936, . Call office.'
HOUSES ' FOR SALE. ;
NEW, modern house, facing west; sun all day:
large basement and yard. Waller and Por-
tola, bet. Pierce and Steiner; easy payments.
HYGIENIC-HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 39, 139 Post.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Long blue overcoat at Orpheum matl-
- nee Sunday ; reward. MARTIN. 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. ' :
LOST — Small male St. Bernard : orange and
.^whlte markings; liberal reward. 2710 Sutter.
LO.ST — A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan • Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KNUD JANSEN. No. 174-502. The
finder ¦ will please return to bank. - - .
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MICHAEL McGUINNESS. No. 114-
788. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Waich Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.,' needs old
- gold and silver to make new -watch canes.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento st
builds models and experimental machinery"
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H.P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing ; to - marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list., Mrs. . Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned ' and setrillzed, uphol-
r stery; Al carpetjtjleaning;- honest work guar-
anteed. HOPK1-BROS.. 411' to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 42 j>
, ¦ MEDICAL.
DK. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult ' the specialist. My
medicines rave been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taJ^en; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential !".<ivic» on all subjects of a deli-
cate na'.:ire: ->U t lasses of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR 3
W. O'DONNELL. 10IS Market St.. opp. Fifth.'
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment. $15; room and board. $5 week; Infanta
adopted; will take 2 to work at ray -private
. residence. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel Blu« 411
j MBPICAL— ¦CwwtlniiM.
MRS D WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 'years' experience: Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farreli st.
MRS M WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement. 210 ,^ ddy -, V- near
Taylor, forrroily o? 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
- ternity Home. 90C Market St.. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAV1E3
at the old office. 122S Market St.: ->O yeara
experience in obstetric and other cases.
! HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
I method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS D. ALLEN, 1113 Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and dunn*
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons^ — Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
st, near 26th: avoid delay: same low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposita
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR ¦ SALE._
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH Sc WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st,
A— BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. -
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes: cheap; also new
lot belting; half prlc» of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st. _
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. . 23 Stockton
St.. upstairs.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER, & HAMILTON.
A GENUINE old Hopf violin for sale at 3772
Twenty-fourth st.. near Church, rear house.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order.- 21B California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1813. worth $230. only
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3o a roll; paper hanging, etc,
MERXGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS 2d-hand, % all makes, at low
figures. L. & it ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 306 Mission st,
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. __ >
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. » Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: B drawers: oak:
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth. f
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes. '
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th<»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — A few diamonds: will pay cash
orders at once. Box 2973. Call office.
TII/TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman. 084 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
ALkNES AND MINING.
¦WANTED — To secure a good gold mine: will
Incorporate company and purchase. Call at
room 406, 4th floor. Soreckels annex, S. F.
UO.\KY TO LOAN. ~~~
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages a
......... Life interests in estates ...»
Property being held In trust ¦
..... Undivided interests In real estate ......
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money ...„
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bl»
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% Sett per cent- to turns to sultr •
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a'-ove securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bl*.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages „
Undivided Interest In real estate In probats..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay .,
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
. 24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest- in estate?^ legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor.Chronicle bldg. GEOEGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1S63;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black 5471.
ON Teal estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO., 927 Market St.. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; shone Red 1603. .
HIGHLY respectable private place- to cbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch ID Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at ft per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal. libra-
ries, gooda In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
t:al. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month, on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. I.
3% ON furniture and 'nlanos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal- no
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 MTrt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldff.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal-
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
' buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
sltlons. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Ear-tern
plan. 'Western Loan Co.. SO** Phelnn Wrtg.
PHYSICIANS AND SPRGEOSS.
DR. cTTr^^NNELL^TncTTnd^resTdeneT
1021S4 Market st.'. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Maann. nr. Kill*.
PLA.MXG AXD TTO.MXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning-. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAA3. SB Fremont.
MUSICAL ISSTUCMK5VS.
THE finest and best assortment of pianos ever
shown In. the city Is to be seen in our ware-
rooms; what ia better, we are selling them at
such low prices that you can-"»t afford to go
elsewhere; every instrument folly warranted
to be Just n 9 we represent and we look after
and keep- them in order. We have the Wiss-
ner. Decker & Son. Batimeister.- Steger and
Singer for you to select from and the price
will be made satisfactory: you are accom-
modated with easy payments If you desire
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO 7(O
Market bt.
AGAIN we remind you Jhat oor, piano stock
. th ~ new and «a tha largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
marfsra to choose frrnn. New pianos sold upon
e»s.y payments of $rt per month: some good
Pianos for $T) $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stem way dealer*, comer
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broaaway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. • ' -
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos
HAMILTON Pianos.
EPIELMANN Pianos. " .
pFp C E LI O A r"gIn A s NO PLATKR -
• ' BYRON MA UZT. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— '
becond-hand upright pianos from $33 up.
Second-hand equare pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
RnTi.'r.^ 15 up - EENJ. CURTAZ *
BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering. Maso»
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough j
: modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free.. 305 Larkin st. '.
MERRILL-MILLER Colleger-Shorthand; typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45.* Par-
rott bldg. ;• individual instruction; • catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ;• est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of : Ellis . bookkeeping and the
. Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
MARY P.WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
, lessons. 50c; piano for practice. .- /39 Fifth st.
C. Hoffman, European tenor &- voice builder f
Ital. meth. ; concert & oratario. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher., 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Marketer. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, -. bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY - and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College 24 Post St., S. F.;
-. founded 1803 ; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon,nr.6th.
OFFICES.
A. S. NAKO. 509 Bush st. Main 1640— Japan-
ese contractor and employment office; tcon-
. tracts taken for general farming help, sugar
beet field help, canneries ' or factories. . • : -
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
¦& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.FeU 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help ; cook ' and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel.<East 426
— ——^— — j — — —
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42P. Powell.nr.Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED — FEMALE.
GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 10 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 760A Howard St., rocm 4.
WANTED — A situation, as cook In a private
• family; have good references. Call at 319
Minna st., near Fourth; no mall answered.
GOOD 1 cook wishes position in private family
where second girl Is kept. Call at 157 Erie
/ st., near Folsom. . " .
WOMAN with references desires to be; em-
ployed- half days at washing or housework;
terms 60c. Address box 2937, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes place to assist in house-
work. Call 33 Brosnan st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth, off Valencia.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants situation at gen-
eral housework.' Address 316% Rltch st.,
; between Brannan and Townsend.
COMPETENT young woman wants situation
to do cooking and downstairs work; city or
country. 1163 Market st.
GERMAN girl wants a position; care of chil-
dren and as seamstress. . Call or address
¦ 421% Cedar ave. .
TYPEWRITING of all kinds neatly done; rea-
sonable rates. Address box 2982, Call.
WANTED — By competent woman from the
East, position as ladies' maid or companion.
Address "MRS. L. G. HANNA. 1354 Tenth
ave., East Oakland, Cal.
"DRESSMAKER from New York wants en-
gagement in families; tailor-made and beau-
tiful, gowns; satisfaction guaranteed. 651'
Geary st. • ' ¦
SITUATION wanted— Expert will go to ladies'
homes to give scalp treatment, facial mas-
sage, etc.; best of references. MISS A. DA-
VIS, phone Folsom 131. ,
WELL-EDUCATED and refined young lady
wishes position as companion to old lady, or
¦ will teach the English branches to children;
experience; best references. Box 2946, Call. (
WANTED — To sew in families; $1 per day and
car fare; city or country. Address D., box
2902. Call office. .
LADY would like work In rooming-house;
small wages ; competent ; good worker. Ad-
dress .. box 2958, Call office. • •
YOUNG lady 18 ' wishes to act as companion
to elderly lady or take care of children; will-
ing to travel. Box 2980, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS modiste desires engagements by
the day; city or country; street, evening and
cloth eults. Call' up telephone Sutter 1873.'
COMPETENT mother and daughter desire sit-
uations; city or country; good references.
MISS CULLEN.. 325. Sutter st. . ,. - -
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress de-
sires situation; good 'reference. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ¦. ¦ •
RESPECTABLE lady would like to get work
in a rooming or lodging house from 9 to 4.
Address 37 Ivy ave., upstairs.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established at 100'J
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG German, married, wishes work, so to
be able to support family; strong, sober and
•honest; private family preferred; handy all
around. 6. SOMMEL, 9% Welch st., rear.
A YOUNG man of 25 wants position to drive
delivery wagoif of any kind, or would work
in packing-house; 8 years' experience in
dried fruits; good references. Box 2997, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work on pri-
vate place or small ranch or any other light
position in country; small' wages; good ref-
erences. Box 2957, . Call office.
YOUNG man and wife, German and Dane,
looking for work; man fine hand to take care
of horses; Is good driver; worked before in
dairy business. WESTERGOORD, 1710 Bush.
BY trained nurse with hospital experience; care
of sick, rich or poor; will charge according to
means; massage and electrical treatment;
best recom. Nurse, 516 Folsom: tel. James 11.
VERY good cook (German) desires situation;
saloon lunch job where good cooking la
wanted preferred. Address W. D., 5 Howard
court, between Fourth and Fifth sts.
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
liable young . man of \ 20. salaried position,
$75; six years' experience in office work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119,' Call office.
GARDENER, German, practical, understands
gardening in all its branches, wants situa-
tion private family. H. F., box 2956, Call.
YOUNG man with some experience in a whole-
sale liquor house would like a position;
wages no object. Box 2947, Call [ office.
SWEDISH man desires position to do ;- any
kind of work; best references given. i253
Fellst.; telephone Kate 29. •¦¦*'.
YOUNG man, American, wants place to work
while attending school;; has had experience
with horses. Box 3197. < Call ¦ office.
JAPANESE, educated . young man, wants a
few hours' work in the evening. E. A., 807
Polk st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker wishes . position on
..repair work. Apply 483 Tehama st. . V :
SITUATION as grocery clerk by young man of
experience. Box 2974. Call. .: . ¦ -
COMPETENT man wants place as Janitor.
Address box 2977, Call. :
BAKER foreman, steady and competent, wants
place. Address Baker. 225 Third St., Oakland.
WANTED — By bright German, position to-so-
. - licit and collect; best of references given; also
bond or cash security: .' Box 3183, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
"A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. . -
FINANCIAL. -
COMPANIES .. promoted guaranteed .-' and
financed, stock , taken . in payment ¦ for - serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. . PACIFIC STATES MINING
' AND - INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Iriifi.)— Wo
have;42 office's in 'operation; new'method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies 'Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office.' 507-8-9 Parrntt bldg.
-., '^ „ '-¦ T " ¦ E^*-' „ - ' „ • „ ,-, '
A — McALLISTER and Geary-st. cars take you
' to the elegant new. flats being finished,- 5 and
• 6 : rooms,' social halls," nice yards, porcelain
: bath. ' Sixth ave.. near Fulton at. ¦ I.
OAK. 1909— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new: never been i used; " frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule ; ¦ all ¦ modern Improvements ;
looking out on park: rent $37 50; can be seen
between '. 11 and 3 o'clock; ? x ; ••-.
A "SWELL; new, ¦'4'" or. 5 rooms, now' ready.
' Myrtle ave.. near -.Van Ness. , ¦• ..
JONES, llll.nr.California— Sunny lower . flat ' of
,:. 4 large rooms;. bath & nice yard; adults; $20.
$12— NEW 4-room, yard, cellar, water and ash-
* man j free. 20 Sumner st. ' - ' ¦ '
FLATS TO LET— FURN iSIIED. ; ,
FOR ' RENT— 2726 1 Howard St.. furnished ¦ five-
roomed flac with ; piano. $23. - :
FLATS WANTED. .
WANTED — A flat or house of 8- to 10 rooms.
. between Franklin and Jones , and Sutter and
Golden Gate ave. -736 -Ellis st. : '•'- ¦ C>- :
.FURNITURE FOK SALE. -.
4"rOOMS "furnlsheTln oak; $48 50, with No. -7
¦ range. : King Furniture Co.. . 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; will sell whole
- or ; part. 1912 Fillmore. near ' Bush; flat 3.
ELEGANT furniture ' 8-room flat; no dealers.
,1230 Octavla st; $650. -^ . -
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale at a bargain.
356 Corbett road, bet. 18th and 19th sts. t
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household gooda.
- 1710 Market St. ; .. tel. . South 413. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 113S Market.
~~ ~~- GLOVES. ! *^\ ~.
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar. ; kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP .WANTED— FEMALE.
A — MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... Phone Main 1575
...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Waitress, Nevada, $25, fare paid; waitress,
s ' north, $22 50, fare raid; restaurant waitress,
$6 and room, country; 18 waitresses, city
and c6untry hotels, $20 and $25; 5 restaurant
waitresses, $6, $7 and $S; 2 chambermaids,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; cook, $35;
- bread and pastry cook, $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 cooks, first class private families. $30;
cook, San Rafael, $30, see lady here; house-
girl, San Rafael, $30. see lady here; house-
girl, Fresno, $25, see lady here; many choice
reliable places; 2'second girls, $20; chamber-
maid and seamstress, $20
MRS. M. ¦ E. ' DAY &CO. ...... .335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Chambermaid, help -wait, city. '
.WANTED — Woman understanding waiting on
invalid; 'also capable of attending to some
other light duties. 2302 Clay St., corner of
Buchanan, from 12 to 2 o'clock. . :
FIRST-CLASS waitress, for second work; good
wages; also nurse for small children and
sewing; no Infants; references. Call- morn-
lngs at NW. cor. Broderlck st. and G. G ave.
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family; plain
cooking and washing. Call before 10 a. m. at
-.Hotel Savoy, room 14, second floor. ; .
GERMAN or Scandinavian woman for general
housework; 2 in family; wages*$20. 2416
Webster st. . . ,-.- ¦. ¦•-"¦-.' >, ¦
150 OPERATORS to- take work home. 656
Mission St., fourth floor. , -¦
FRENCH or German speaking 1 nurse girl; $10;
sleep at home. 1904 Broadway, nr. Octavia.
GIRL for general housework and cooking, 3
in. family, $25; forenoon. 1815 Laguna St.-
FIRST-CLASS, operators on custom - coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
NEAT girl for general housework; wages $15.
1812 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS operators; • also finishers on
vests; wages no object. 230V4 Ninth st. .
WANTED — A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
St.; wages $S a week.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, plain
cooking;' $10 month. 120 Eleventh st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking for
German family of 2.^.14-14 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German girl for light housework. 1053
Market st... upstairs.
WANTED — Girl to assist in light housework.
i 1724 Buchanan st. , '
WOMAN to assist in housework. 3190 Six-
teenth st.;' near Guerrero. -. -
WANTED— A girl' for dressmaker. Apply at
510 Powell st.
WANTED — Experienced arm .waitress. 209
Fourth st. .•
YOUNG girl for light housework; small. wages.
15% Grand St., between Ninth and Tenth.
GIRL, 14 to 1C, to assist in light housework;
good home; $6; call after 10. 626 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Young, experienced girl to assist
in bakery. Apply at 1040 McAllister st.
NEAT girl for light housework; small family.
Apply at 641 Devlsadero St. ¦ "
WANTED — Apprentice girls on custom coats;
raid while learning. 1020B Folsom, upstairs.
NOON waitress. 511 Brannan St., near Fourth;
call early. . •
TYPEWRITER — Space free to look after of-
fice. 409 Parrott building.
COMPETENT girl; light housework; must un-
derstand cooking; good wages. 11S0 O'FarrelL
WANTED-^Good restaurant waitress; -wages $7
a week. 7 Taylor st.
SECOND girl. 2344 Sutter st.
OPERATORS at Levi btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory. - Zi\i Fremont st.; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
IIR. DAVIS.
CAL. College of Hairdresslng and Massage; ac-
, knowledged superior to all others: every
branch of 'the trade thoroughly and prac-
tically . taught in 3 weeks; tuition $5; our
pupils are our living: advertisement. Call
Supreme Court bldg-. , S05 Larkin s t. ; take ele.
COMFORTABLE furnished housekeeping room
In exchange for housework; services also
young girl to care for baby dally from 10
a. m. to 4 p. m. 721 Devisadero st.
AN elderly German lady to take care of two
children; must have some experience as gov-
erness; state religion; salary, $30 and found.
Box 2994, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING, massase, manicuring taught
in 2 weeks: positions secured; day and eve.
classes. San Francisco Hairdressing Col-
lege, 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
A YOUNG girl of 16 to assist with light house-
work; no washing; go to school If so desired.
MRS. H. TAYLOR, 1823 Pacific ave., Ala-
meda. ._ .-• : '• -
WANTED — Good, exnerienced girl for general
housework In good place. Berkeley: small
family. Call 465 Eddy.st.. Monday, bet.10-5.
WANTED — A useful youn* lady for factory
for errands, etc. A. & H. HOFF1U N. - 723
Market st., room 11. f - -
WHOLESALE house " requires the services of
refined woman; experience in office work not
necessary. Box 2959, Call office. '
WANTED — First-class t millinery trimmer;
state age, experience, salary expected and by
whom previously employed. ' Box 3171, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on' welted work;
!• large Singer machines. Carson Glove Co.,
35. Market st.
NEAT girl, general housework, plain cooking;
, 2 In family; $10 month. Call mornings, . up-
per flat. 1225 Webster St.. Oakland. —
60 OPERATORS on Iadie3\ waists. ; 656 Mission
St., fourth floor. '
50 OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656
, Mission' St., fourth floor.
60 GIRLS to learn to operate: paid while
, learning. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.
WANTED — Advansed apprentice on coats;
steady work; good pay. 208 Sutter Bt.
STENOGRAPHER in wholesale house; state
wages. Box 2965, pall.
GIRL assist general housework; small family;
.¦moderate wages.; 484 Frederick, nr. Stanyan.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
and good pay. -864% Howard St., room 4.
INTELLIGENT lady. to manage office; refined
'. position. Address with stamp box 2940, Call.
LUNCH waitress wanted. People's Restau-
rant. 631 Clay st. . \ . - . . Z-- >•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established, at i 1096
j Valencia pt. -..•¦ ¦>..'•¦: -• - ¦;... .
;. HELP , WANTED— MALE.
AT'C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..:. 104 Geary Bt.
. . HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Short order cook for cafe, country hotel,- $75;
head cook, -country hotel, $75; fry cook, $70;
German baker, . country hotel, $40 and fare
¦. advanced ; . neat • office boy ' for doctor. $15;
baker. for an institution, $40; dishwasher for
an Institution.- country, $25. ... . ; : . ....
Blacksmith . for a mine in . Central America,
$3 50 a day and board; choreman for a ranch,
$25 .....;. ..................................
C. R, HANSEN & CO. . ... . . .104 ; Geary st.
A — WANTED — JOHN SWANSON, , railroad
' foreman, ; please ¦"¦ call * at ; our . office imme-
diately . or telegraph :. your address ; • very im-
: , portant. C. R. HANSEN & CO..-- 104 Geary.
BAND sawyer, $2 25 to ?2 50 day; blacksmith,
- $2 50 day ; carriage . setter - ror.: sawmill, $60
»to $75; ' fruit farmer and .wife.- $40; • young
'. German to drive milk wagon, $30 and found;
.3 boys for factory, $1 day; tiemakers," 10c to.
-'¦ 14c ; - woodchoppers, . $1 25 • cord ; '- porter, coun-
' try- hotel; cooks, .waiters, second butler, dish-
' washers and others. 'J. F. CROSETT & CO
628 Sacramento ' st. , : , .: . "
AT W.:D.EWER & CO.'S: ....... 610 Clay st.
Butter maker ' and mllkerr.WT.TZr."?.;. . .$30
: Gardener,* country ' :v. . : . :v; ; ; : .:v. :". .-; . r:$25
•Choreman for ¦ ranch. :.:... .:..-%¦.;-. ...... '!$15
- Cook, * boardins-house, - country." .'; .$40
Youth : for wine cellar ".....v..$7 a week
'.Pruner for orchard:.". .. .*.'.. .'.7. v... ......$26
Cabinet maker'for organ building.;..;..;...
,A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2C Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waiter. $60, T city. * .-
BIBM9MeHM&i£te*giraMffi&'- • . . ¦ -(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ' •
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 5— 5 p.- m.
The following are. the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those - of same date
last ' season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. . Se'ason. Season.
Eureka Trace. 15.31 26.29
Red Bluff 0.00 10.36 12.63
Sacramento 0.00 *6:33 9.20"
San Francisco ... 0.00 6.04 9.09
Fresno 0.00 '3.25 6.17
Independence .... 0.00 1.34 3.02
San Luis Obispo. 0.00. . 4.56 14.16
Los Angeles ..... 0.00 2.46 7. 0B
San Diego ....... 0.00 0.77 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum. .42; mean. 47.
Weather Report.
A bill to provide " a commission to select a
site and secure plans for a memorial arch In
honor of William McKinley, late President of
the United States, to be erected in the District
Of Columbia.-
Be it enacted, etc.: That the chairman of
the Joint Committee on the Library, the Secre
tary of State and the Secretary of "War be. and
are hereby, created a commission • to select a
site and procure plans and designs 'for a me
morial arch in honor of William McKinley,
late President of the United States.
Section 2. That said commission Is-author
ized to select any unoccupied land belonging
to the United States in the District of Colum
bia, except the grounds of the Capitol and the
Library of Congress, on which to erect the
said memorial arch.
Section 3. That said commission is author
ized and required to obtain, by any form of
competition which may seem advisable.' plans,
specifications and models for said memorial
provided' for * In section 1, and may pay for
the same to competing artists not exceeding
J25.000, which sum "la hereby appropriated out
of any money In the treasury not otherwise
appropriated. The said commission' may select
any of the plans, specifications or models that
It may prefer, or any part of them.
Section 4. That as soon as practicable after
the selections authorized 'by sections 2 and 3
are made said commission shall report • Its
action to the Congress of the United States.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— The William
McKinley National Memorial Arch Asso
ciation | has drafted the following bill,
which will.be introduced in Congress this
week and be supported ' by a petition
signed by the members of the association
and also by the members of the McKinley
National Memorial Association, formed to
erect a monument in Canton, to which the
arch association yielded the field of popu
lar subscription: :i .
priate Money for a Tribute to
McKinley.
Congress Will Be Asked to Appro-
BILL FOR MEMORIAL
ARCH IN WASHINGTON
•.WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— After a recess
of almost three weeks both houses of
Congress will reconvene to-morrow. The
principal item on the House programme
for the week is the Hepburn isthmian ca
nal bill, which is the special order for
Tuesday. No limit has been fixed as to the
time for debate upon the measure, but
Hepburn does not expect a prolonged dis
cussion. It is surmised in some quarters,
however, that if the proposition of the
Panama Canal Company to sell Its prop
erty and franchises for 540,000,000 should
be made - to-morrow, as promised, this
may have the effect of opening a wider
field of discussion than at first seemed
probable, and if this should prove to be
the case the bill may be before the House
for a longer time than is now expected.
/ Burton has given notice of a speech on
the bill, -and it is understood that there
will be other speeches in criticism of spe
cial features of the measure; but its
friends are very sanguine, not only that
the bill will pass but tnat It will pass
speedily. . .
It is expected that by the time the canal
bill Is disposed of there will be one or
more, appropriation bills ready for consid
eration by the House. None of the appro
priation .bills have yet been passed on by
the Appropriations Committee, but both
the urgent deficiency and the pension bills
are in a forward state and the expecta
tion is that they will be considered by
the committee during the current week.
The present intention Is to give first at
tention to the deficiency bill. The esti
mates for that bill aggregate $12,000,000.
and It is not believed that these figures
will be scaled down materially.
¦ The Senate has no programme for the
week and very little business on its cal
endar, as the reorganization of the Senate
committees did not take place until Just
before the holidays. There are, however,
a few bridge bills reported and Senator
Morgan's bill for the acquisition of right
of way for the Nicaragua canal is arrlong
the measures in a position to receive at
tention. It is not probable that the- rieht
of way bill will receive consideration at
this time, the disposition being rather to
await the action of the' House upon the
general subject, and then have the Senate
predicate its action In the House bill. If
this course should be decided on the dis
cussion of the canal question in the Sen
ate will be postponed for a few weeks.
The Committee on the Philippines will
take up the Philippine tariff question
very soon, but there is yet no indication
as to hoV much time the question may
consume in committee. Hence there is
no probability that the Senate Itself will
be able to reach that question for some
time.
Senator Frye Is engaged on his report on
the shipping bill, but la not yet able to fix
the time for its completion.-
HAWAHANS SEEK REMOVAL
OF CIRCUIT JUDGE KALTJA
Accuse Sim of General Misconduct
and of Drunkenness While
on the Bench.
HONOLULU, Dec. 28.— Circuit Judge
Kalua of the Second Circuit, Island
of Maul, Is now the subject of charges
preferred with a view to having him re
moved. Kalua is ' accused of miscpnduct
in many ways, including drunkenness on
the bench, undue familiarity with defend
ants appearing before him and utter Ig
norance ¦ and Incompetence. ~ -The Maui
News states that ¦ the Judge's charges to
Grand Juries and Instructions to trial
juries are prepared by subordinate of
ficers of his court, and that the truth of
the accusations on which his removal is
demanded is a matter of common ¦ noto
riety. Kalua Is warmly criticized by some
lawyers on account of some recent rulings
by him, and it is stated .that if he does
not resign efforts will be made to secure
his removal and specific charges will be
preferred.
HOTEL , AERIVALS.
ITATnTA AUP FOBAKEB
MAKE NO COMPBOMISE
House Gets Few Committee
'-' t^yjf^ Places. ¦ ¦ •
Defeated Faction in Ohio Senate and
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 5.— The Repub
lican caucus last night named the For
aker ticket for the Senate and the Hanna
ticket for the House. To-day the contest
was continued on the same lines over the
makeup of the standing committees, and
it is evident that the chairmanships and
preferred places will go the same way as
the offices. Price, who was defeated for
Speaker by McKInnon. will be shown con
sideration as chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, and the chairmanship of one
of the committees on municipal affairs
in deference to George B. Cox, will go to
some member from Cincinnati, but the
courtesy will not be extended further
The Senate committees are being appor
tioned by a special committee on the lines
of the Republican caucus, with the Demo
crats co-operating:.
!RN HOTEL.
W J Cowley. Los.Ang
L Dine, Los Angeles
W D Carter. S Barbra.
W^F McDonald. Aria
P W Lowenberg, S D
Jas Neeley. Ariz
Chas Beer & w. Or
L D Conner. Colo
HA. Robinson. Sacto
Chas Beacaey, Md
» - - ' NEW WESTI
J F Wait. Bouldei Ok
J AV Whistler. Utah
Rosa Harvey, Seattle
F J Edwards. Oakland
B A Pyhe, Orovllle
Mrs A Urrutla,Fresrio
Mrs B Kleppe, Or
Miss May Fisher. Or
J Johns & w. Navato
A Halfmann. Seattle
J . Brosnam. Webeaska
v With some men It Is either a case of get
married or go to work. - •
What Is wanted In the' person of Mr. . Roose
velt and in every other person whom the
twentieth century may see in the White House
is a President who will be allowed to serve
the whole people with all his heart and
strength, with all his mind and body, Hi the
discharge of his official duties, unhindered by
the pressure upon him of so . many - thousands
of his countrymen as have in recent years en
croached upon the time and patience of our
Presidents and kept them from their public
work, or compelled them to do it by impairing
their physical health and overstraining their
mental powers. , The time has come when ac
cess to the President, except at public recep
tions, should be llmlte'd to the Cabinet Minis
ters, Senators, Representatives and Embassa
dorsand to such other persons only as are
given interviews for public purposes after
written applications have been received and
carefully considered. The public receptions of
the President should be few, and there should
be no Intrusion upon his social life, which he
should be allowed to regulate according to his
own- will -and pleasure, and no person should
take offense because not invited to his presence
or find fault with his selection of his company,
whatever may be its race or. color. ¦ ,
This needed change of custom will at first,
no doubt, be unpopular. I It will be condemned
as unrepubllcan exclusiveness." It will require,
to begin the new rule, a President who has
been a man of the people, who Is known to be
at heart thoroughly democratic in his ideas
and ways, and who is also strong in his con
victions and fearless in his actions. Is not Mr.
Roosevelt such a President? Will he Inaugu
rate the reform?
Chandler cites from personal knowledge
the cases of Presidents who have almost
succumbed under .the strain, instancing
particularly President Arthur, ! in whose
Cabinet ' he was Secretary of the Navy,
and President McKinley, to .whose" Im
paired health Chandler attributes inability
to recover from- the shock from the . as
sassin's bullet. Chandler expresses his
regret -that President ;Ropsevelt, "even
with his quickness, his acuteness and his
present untiring industry and energy, has
given countenance to the idea that he will
do all the appointing himself and hear all
that any one has to say concerning any
appointment." • - ¦ ¦. .
Chandler thinks that the great weight
of the pressure for office ought to fall
upon the Cabinet Ministers, and that the
President ought to have more time for
important things. He 'continues: ;
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— The Washing
ton Post to-day prints an interesting and
important article by ex-Senator William
E. /Chandler, president of the Spanish
Claims Commission, entitled "Wanted, by
the United States— a President." The arti
cle is a strong argument for a reform in
the present methods of conducting execu
tive business. Chandler asserts . that a
President has now only three objects in
his life— first, to see 20,000 persons a year;
second, to accomplish ZOM little things, and
third, to try to do 200 great things. In the
seeing of so many thousands about trivial
matters and in giving his attention to the
thousands of little things,. the President,
Chandler insists, is worn out and becomes
physically unable' to grapple with the
great problems to which he ought to give
his undivided attention. . . . ' .--¦'. \ V
Morgan's Right-of-Way Pro
, ject May Meet Delay
Says President Must Devote
Too Much Time to
... Little Things.
House Is Expected Soon
to Dispose of the
Ex-Senator Chandler
; Advises a Change
in Methods.
CANAL MEASURE
A SPECIAL ORDER
NATION'S CHIEF
IS OVERWORKED
THE COAST RECORD.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
Following is - a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or : second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey: •
FLOW OF - BIVEBS.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
;kings river at red mountain.
N. Vasilatos (owner) ..with -.D. A. Chesney
and W. - T. Dumford (contractors), •'architect
T. Paterson . ¦ Ross — All work except ,< elevator
and' steam . heating for a- four-story and rtase
ment frame 'building on; N^llne of Eddy street
137:6 E of Hyde, B 32:6 by-N< 137:6; $19,130*
' John.;E. SMason (owner) .,. with H C. P.--. Moore
(contractor),' architects Newsora'fc Newsom— :
'All i work '. for ¦ a> two-story " attic . and i basement
frame" dwelling on SW' corner of Spruce and
Washington Btreet» r W 08:9 by, S 127-SkL 1
117,478. -¦.;¦.;•''¦".,-."¦> -¦¦¦". :: ; ; ¦ . -¦¦:-; '*'
Builders' Contracts.
The storm oft the ' Washington Coast i this
mornlng'has 'moved rapidly eastward and now
everlles the | British j possessions north . of Mon
tana.* High : winds. fromtho south arid south
west - have occurred along :. the : Washington
Coast. ' and * rain .; has ¦ fallen ' over.' Washington
and 'Western Oregon. The pressure has fallen
rapidly ? over the northern portion . of - the ¦ Pa
cific Slope during : the . day, < but ' is now rising
along the ! Washington ' Coast. /
The temperature has 'risen over. Washington
and . Oregon : and remained about . stationary in
other districts. , • • " i J , " . , . .• . . . v
, Conditions are favorable for light rain in the
extreme northern portion . of ; California and
Northern Nevada i Monday. "> .,*!¦¦•¦ .
Forecast made '-- at •-; San . Francisco . for. thirty
hours ending midnight, January -6, 1902: ¦:¦
• Northern- California — Cloudy- Monday, with
light rain In. northern portion; fresh northwest
wind .- ' ' . : - ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ -;¦¦¦¦¦-• '_¦ ~ . . .-~\ ¦¦ .
v. Southern California — Fair Monday: continued
warm; light west wind. ;. , -
-Nevada — Cloudy.' wlth.raln in north portion
Monday: brisk southwest .wind. •¦ ....... ¦•:
San Francisco and '.. vicinity— Cloudy Monday;
probably, threatening' in ' the > morning: fresh
northwest wind. • G.*H. S WILLSON..
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS -AND GENERAL
Temperature at 7 a. mi, 45.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1902.
11
DATE.
v Second Feet. .". -
1900. " 1001. "
December 22.....
December 23.....
December . 24 .
December 25...........
December 20. ...............
December 27.:...
December 28.........
3T.760
20.200
20.800
18.240
14,000
18.400
11,000
6265
6030
60.30
C030
6030
C810
5500
lecori'
'eet.
1900.
1001.
December 22.. ..............
December 23...".
December 24. :..............
December 25
December 20. ...............
December 27.
December 28. . . ;•¦ . .'. . . .
• 2090
1450
1450
: . 1310
1190
1 1070
060.
I
330
250
250
250 '
,250
250
: 190
iecond Feet.
DATE.
1800.
1901.
-
December 22. ..'......:......
December 23: V. .:.... ...'.
December 24.......
December 25 '.
December 26.
December 27;...;.:.
December 28
676
728
728
624
C24
C24
480 j
C20
480
480
¦4S0.V
440.'/
440
STATION.
¦ 13 ¦
o
B'
a
' ¦ r*
•. t -
K SO
.SR-SM»
• c ; s • °
• : 3 : B : 3
OT
3E
mo
em
ra
?0
Baker ....... .30.14 40' 28 6E Cloudy .00
Astoria ...... 29. SS BC 46 SW Rain. 1.18
Carson ......30.24. 48 22 E Cloudy .00
Eureka .......30.24 54. 3S SW Cloudy T.
Fresno ...30.20 CO 48 E Cloudy .00
Flagstaff ....30.24 50 12 ; E Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.32 as 20 SE .Cloudy .00
Independence .30.20.(50 32 NW Clear .CO
Los Angeles.. 30. 02 84 58 W Clear .00
Phoenix . 30.02 78 42 NW Clear .00
Portland .....29.88 52 33 S - Rain .3S
Red Bluff ....30.28 42 30 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg -....30.02 C2 3S SW; Rain .10
Sacramento ..30.24 48 44 ¦ SE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake ....30.42 28 28 SE Foggy .00
San Franclsco.30.22 52 . 42 NW Pt Cldy 00
S L '.Obispo..30.06 .-78 -66- N Clear .00
San Diego . . .20.98 78 . 58 »NW Clear .00
Seattle .......29.70 52 38 S . Cloudy .72
Spokane" .....20.84 52 30 S Cloudy T.
Walla Walla. 29.80 . 02 38 S: Cloudy .00
AVlnnemucca .30.26 48 14 NE Clear • .0(1
Tuma ..30.04 -76 -60 NW. Clear i. ;00
DATE.
v Second Feet. .". -
1900. " 1001. "
December 22.....
December 23.....
December . 24 .
December 25...........
December 20. ...............
December 27.:...
December 28.........
3T.760
20.200
20.800
18.240
14,000
18.400
11,000
6265
6030
60.30
C030
6030
C810
5500
lecori'
'eet.
1900.
1001.
December 22.. ..............
December 23...".
December 24. :..............
December 25
December 20. ...............
December 27.
December 28. . . ;•¦ . .'. . . .
• 2090
1450
1450
: . 1310
1190
1 1070
060.
I
330
250
250
250 '
,250
250
: 190
iecond Feet.
DATE.
1800.
1901.
-
December 22. ..'......:......
December 23: V. .:.... ...'.
December 24.......
December 25 '.
December 26.
December 27;...;.:.
December 28
676
728
728
624
C24
C24
480 j
C20
480
480
¦4S0.V
440.'/
440
STATION.
¦ 13 ¦
o
B'
a
' ¦ r*
•. t -
K SO
.SR-SM»
• c ; s • °
• : 3 : B : 3
OT
3E
mo
em
ra
?0
Baker ....... .30.14 40' 28 6E Cloudy .00
Astoria ...... 29. SS BC 46 SW Rain. 1.18
Carson ......30.24. 48 22 E Cloudy .00
Eureka .......30.24 54. 3S SW Cloudy T.
Fresno ...30.20 CO 48 E Cloudy .00
Flagstaff ....30.24 50 12 ; E Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.32 as 20 SE .Cloudy .00
Independence .30.20.(50 32 NW Clear .CO
Los Angeles.. 30. 02 84 58 W Clear .00
Phoenix . 30.02 78 42 NW Clear .00
Portland .....29.88 52 33 S - Rain .3S
Red Bluff ....30.28 42 30 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg -....30.02 C2 3S SW; Rain .10
Sacramento ..30.24 48 44 ¦ SE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake ....30.42 28 28 SE Foggy .00
San Franclsco.30.22 52 . 42 NW Pt Cldy 00
S L '.Obispo..30.06 .-78 -66- N Clear .00
San Diego . . .20.98 78 . 58 »NW Clear .00
Seattle .......29.70 52 38 S . Cloudy .72
Spokane" .....20.84 52 30 S Cloudy T.
Walla Walla. 29.80 . 02 38 S: Cloudy .00
AVlnnemucca .30.26 48 14 NE Clear • .0(1
Tuma ..30.04 -76 -60 NW. Clear i. ;00
wrsic ai, i\yrnnTK>T< — con.
ALL trfakes. rent $2 up, credited if purchased;
installments 53 up: big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up In Pteinways. Heine.
Chickering etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 ethers. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary Et.
h FULL-SIZED upright pfano, ?S5; tlx-oetave
Mason * Hamin organ. $55; Stelnway
tquare. $100; e>gant burl walnut Cameron
uprlKbt. used only few months. J275; Bech-
rtein haby prand alm"rt new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth et.; IVERS A POND. Agents.
A.NY piano Eoid by us taken back any tim«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en & new peerless Knabe. at regular
jiricF.: costs you snly 2.0c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrc:i
t-t.: established 1S5O.
A FT1CCK. Everett. Ilardman. Ludwlg. Pack-
ard. Kinpsbury or Smith A Barnes piano
can only be boaght from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 033 Market st. Popular prices*
Easy terms!
DL"H r!ano f . the leading makers: price $100
upward: values best in the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. Kth & Church
A— SLAUGHTER sale or storage pianos: dirt
cheap. WILSOST'S Storage. 1710 Market et.
Eacrifice account unforeseen circumstances, up-
right piano, magnificent tone. case. 543 Turk.
A FINE Conover cabinet grand piano for sale
cheap. 1259 Mission et.
PARTY going away; must rent, sell or store
upricht Stcinway piano. Box 31S6. Call.
fl50 — OX sale, upright prand; cost $600; make
cash offer. Rocm 36. 217 Geary Et.
1175— A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMIT2. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bk.
H25— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition,
$75: Erard upright. Hornuwg. 216 McAllister.
FITERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Bhoninger. Pcht.bert and Stelnway bargains.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1(5 paces, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
XEW HYGIENIC TREATaiEVT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York.
has cermanentlv located at 007 Van Ne?s
eve. ; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4: Phong Polk 1421.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO I.KT.
"•WORE^TSSsoT^Uh basement 4OxS0; location
center of wholesale iron end machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st. :
OIL.
OIL tanks, pecend hand, in good order: all
flies: rims . H f= WHTTF. M« M'««=l<vi »t.
PALMISTRY^
G L Keergaard president St. Germain Col-
lese. reads 1 to 4. TOO Post; phone Hyde 2»33.
II JEROME FOlfELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary end Poyt: tel. Black 561.
PATEM'S AXD TENSIOAS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONAL^ !
ARRIVED — Ladies, doa't look old; Dr. N. DE
SAVOYSKY cf Paris, greatest authority on
leminine beauty, will meet you at La Verlte
prt-serve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest etudy is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excels anything ever given in
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or scar. Phone Folsom
440. 114t.i Market St., opposite Kale's.
AN elegant line tt remnants for EUits to order,
|1S; with these twits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. L.EUOS, 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eichtta.
WHY Guests? Tou c*n be certa.in of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec patterns
end The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market 6t-, near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light fh every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third tt., near Market: TOO rooms;
£5c to $1 SO per night; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and I afgage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdr-essing, manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
32i Post et. ; F-vitches at bargain prices.
EHST »-.air dressing in the city, 25c: shampoo-
ing, 5oc; wrlrA.'.ts removed. SOc: manicuring.
25c. Quintonicra removes dandruff, makes
hair rrow, 50c bot. G. Lederer. 123 Stockton.
DO you write a is? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Cclumbut.
Ohio. j - ¦_
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
sane as white ehirts; selection 300 patterns.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
etones. antiques and curios bought. Tbe Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
WHITE enamel :.ron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 VS. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Eing Chong & Co. has removed from 113 Stock.
ton to 5tS Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. ."B2 O'Farrell;Bend for circular.
A. YIDA Company permanently cures fitomach
trouble. 7C3 Valencia et., corner 19th.
PRIVATE detective work;- reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
G. \V. B. SR.. formerly of Texas — Please give
address througa Call personal.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old eeal-
sklns. Address at once, box 1205. Call office.
JEWELRY for tale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Ferahtand. 126 Kearny St., rm. 29.
Mrs. Brteirs — SuDerfluoup hair moles removed
by electric needle. »68 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Butter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt_
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cai costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE FUits, $7 50; dress pants. ?2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DU. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
ralr to «» B natural color; $1; at all druggists.
REAt^^CST\*.TE--CITY — FOR SALE.
ITARKnAIT-ER & PERKINS
Real Estate end Business Brokers, room 44.
Parrott buildir. F . fourth floor. £25 Market
bireet. Then! South 4D2.
IF you have eoine large Income properties In S
F. to sell I would be pleased to try and 6eli
them for you CalJ at room 400, 4th floor
Epreckels Anr.ex building, S. F. '
$22.10 — FINE nt:w cottage of !» rooms and bath
and finished tiasement; on sunny elde of Jer-
ery ct.. near Noe.
REAL ESTATE — COC.VTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRAJCCISCO^H
6ma.ll tracts. $C0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Ootatl. Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, as
6an Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
FOR SALE CHEAP.
Email tract et sugar pine timber land; ex-
ceptionally fine; large xtream of water and
et&so road through the land; ehaken vsell
for ?r> per 1000 on the place. For' further
information cull at room 67, Flood building.
PBOFITABMS r.-range. lemon, rjeach and prune
lands to e»ll : right locality: big money; easy
liayrr.ontK. HF.ALT & CARR. 0 Eddy st_
IF ynu have j t tract of redwood timber In
Hurr.bnMt County you will bond. I can sell
It. Call rm. '0C. 4th floor. Sprockets annex.
WANTED— To cet the rale or a. large cattle
ranch. What have -ou? Address room 406,
fourth floor. 5r>reckels annex. S. F.
POtTLTHY and «3airy ranches for sale; write for
Tr** lift, r. n. WIXFTKLT). Pftaiuma. Cat
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAVRTtA URAL ESTATE.
10-ROOM cottage, all on 1 floor; modern Im-
. provements: ijrand home for .large .family:
naif acre of ground; clof>e to station; must
be sold. E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park et..
Alameda.
A SACRIFICE— Two modern cottages for face
mortgage; always rented: no agents. ¦ Box
2344. Call.
IJARGaINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure ; >4 cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA FL'R.MSHED HOUSES.
NEWLY and beautifully furnished house in
the choicest part of Alameda; will rent for
a terni of C months: or a year; $S0 a month.
ACtii-ess P. C. box SCi. Alanic&a.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth . and .' Church
streets, for services at 9 o'clock. -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.; ' ' : ; ••¦¦ i; : ¦ T - , .
HENRY— In this city, January 4. 1902.V John,
beloved brother of Michael -Henry, a native
, of Raventail; County Louth, Ireland. - aged
30 years. A member of Pacific Coast. Marine
Firemen's Union. ¦ . -, C . "-¦' ' '
; KTNotlee , of funeral hereafter.
HODGE — In this city. January 5, 1902,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Hodge, a native of Bandon, : County ..Cork,
. Ireland, aged 68 years. •
IC?Notlce of funeral hereafter.. • '
KENNERSON— Near G?yserville, California,
; January 5, 1902, Caroline, beloved of
the late- William Kennerson, and mother of
Will, Henry, Walter, Nellie and -Jlrnmie
, Kennerson, Mrs. F. Buckingham, . Mrs.: D.
Sullivan and- Mrs. L. Weik. a native, of Port-
land. Maine, aged 69 years. ¦¦ ¦ :- .-..".. . . i
LAGAN — In this city, January 6, 1902, Mary
Lagan, - beloved sister of the late Patrick
Lagan, I a native of County ' Derry, Ireland,
.aged'68 years. . • * . ...--> ,. -'
(CTFriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock,' from her late reel-'
. dence, 250 Locust avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a; requiem high
. mass will - be ¦ celebrated for the , repose of
her soul at- 9:30 o'clock. Interment 'Holy
Cross Cemetery. • ¦ ¦• . .
UNDER— In this city, January 4, 1902, Phil-
lip Jr.. dearly beloved', husband * of Emma
Linder <nee Kammerer), father of Phillip E.
Linder, and eldest son of Phillip Linder of
New York, a native of New ; York, 'aged 31
, years and 9 'months.' . (New -York papers
; please copy.)- ¦¦ \ ¦¦" '.
£C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral; to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. (523 Hyde street, -between Geary and
Post. - Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LINN — In this city, January . 4, 1902, Mrs.
• Nancy Linn, aunt of Mrs.- Alfred Bennett.
Mrs. Jame3 Quick," T. I W. • Kelly 'Of Santa
Cruz, J. M. Kelly of Napa and J. F. Kelly,
" a native of-Ireland; aged 79 years. , .¦ • . .
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'(Monday), at 0:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J." C. O'Connor & Cc, 767 Mission street,
¦ thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, cpmmencinjj at 10
o'clock. Interment -Hoiy Cross Cemetery, by
11 :30 o'clock ; train from Third and Town-
eend streets. • . ¦ -¦-.-¦'
LUSK— In the City and County. Hospital,
January 5, 1902, Chester D. Lusk. a native
of New York, aged 78 years.
LYDELL— In the City and . County : Hospital.
¦ January 5. 1902, Annie Lydell, a native oi
Norway, aged 37 years.
MATTHEW- In Oakland, January 5. 1902,
Mary, beloved wife of George Matthew, a '
native of Dungannan, Ireland, aged 61
years and 1 month. • • •' .
E?"Frlend9 and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend funeral ' services to-,
morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 709 Fifth street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In this city, January 5, 1902,
* Alice, the beloved wife of John McDermott,
and mother of John McDermott Jr., a native
of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 70
years. •¦'.
in?Notlce of funeral to-morrow.' .
McLEAN — In this city, January 4, 1902, at his
residence, 1021 O'Farrell street, Joseph - R.,
beloved husband of Hattie A. • McLean, and
devoted father of May McLean, a native of
Prince Edward* Island, Canada, aged 52
years and 27 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 3, K. of P., and Far West
Lodge No. 2324, K. Of H.
• !E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O.\ F..
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets,
where services will be held under the
auspices of Western Addition Lodge No. 285,
I. O.O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MERGENTHALER — In this city, January 5,
1902, Frederic G. Mersenthaler, beloved
father Of Mathilda Gerhardt and Julliet Mer-
genthaler, a native of Strasbourg, Alsace,
aged Cl years 8 months and 19 days.'
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral, to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his
late residence, 1209 Fulton street, thence to
Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and . Market
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Franco-Americaine Lodge. No,
207. I. O. O.'F.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge. No. 207, I. O.
O. F.— Officers and members: You are here-
by notified to assemble at your lodge-room
Tuesday, January ¦ 7, 1002, at. 2:30 p. m., to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Fred-
eric G. Mergenthaler. By ¦ order of -
L. CARRAINE. N. G.
L. A. AURADOU. Secretary.
NICKILA— In Ocean View. January 5, 1902,
Victor Nickila, dearly beloved uncle of Hans
TikanUer, a native of Finland, aged 44 years
and 10 days. .
RUSSELL— In Alameda, January 4, 1902, John
A., beloved husband of Mary: E. Russell,
and father of Mrs. Edgar Painter, Mrs. Edw.
A. Younger -and Miss Ada Russell, a native
of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 70 years. -
CC^Frlends are invited to attend the' fu-
neral services to-day (Monday), at 2:30
o'clock, under the -auspices of -California
.Commandery No. 1, K. T., in the Masonic
Temple.- Interment private. ¦ . :
RYAN— In this city. January 3, 1902, Mary
Florence, beloved wife. of Michael J. Ryan,
and daughter of Mary I., and the late Ed-
ward H. Keating, a native of San Francisco.
aged 2S years. (Cumberland, Md.. and Win-
Chester, Va., papers please copy.) . . ¦
(?TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 481 Fourteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, • where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -
SANDERSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January 4, 1902. Ora Sanderson.
SEARLE— In this city, January 5, 1902, Mar-
garet, wife of A. T. Searle, beloved mother
of N. W., W. H. and E. F. Murphy, a na-
tive of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged CS
years. .-• . • ¦ . •-. ¦ •
' (CT* Notice of funera! hereafter.- Remains
. at the parlors of J. C." O'Connor & Co.. 707
Mission 8treet. , .
SMITH— In this city, January 4, 1902. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Bernard Smith, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 75 years. . - ¦ ,
ICyFrienda and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. John's Church
•(old St. Mary's College), where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross . Cemetery.
STUART— In this city, January 5, 1902, Ab-
bie H. H. - Stuart, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 61 years. (Olympla, Wash.,
papers please copy.)
SULLIVAN — In Phoenix.' Arizona, December
31. 1901, Eugene, beloved husband of Lizzie
Sullivan, and father of. .. Michael. , James,
Eugene and the late Margaret Sullivan, .a
.native of the parish of Inchlgella. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 85 years 3 months and
2 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuHy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Teresa's Church. Potrero,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
- brated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATTS — In this city. January 3. 1002, Esther
Hidden Watts, sister of Martin S. Hidden
of Peacham. Vt., and Mrs. -Albert Lovejoy
of .North Hartland. Vt., a native of Ver-
mont, aged 77 years 11 months and 18 days,
(Vermont papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, -from the parlors
of Halsted &"Co.. 946 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WISE — In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 5. 1902, Frederick* Wise, a native of
Germany, aged 57 years. .
SPECIAL NOTICES. \
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..rooms 9-10;tel.5580.
CHEAPEST, and best in America — The Weekly
• Call. 10 pages, sent to any ' address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
_Mg_\y 1 x (j M ACH I > IPS ._ AXIJ -S UPFLIKS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; loweet rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
__STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movine Co.,
.office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 6713. .
GOLDEN WEST Etoraee Warehouse. 840 Mls-
elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Movins: Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.:
tel. Main 1840: chipping at cut rates. ¦-.. .
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^A^sTN^TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 036 California; telephone Main 266..
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors:estlmate free. 209Sansome.
I BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, :
B0BN.
DUNN- In this city. December. 26, 1001, to
the wife of William Dunn, twins — a son and
a daughter.
SCHNEIDER-In this city, January 6, 1902,
to the wire of Sam Schneider (nee Lelser),
a eon. |
DIED.
Anderson, Katie Linn, Mrs. Nancy
Barry. Patrick Lusk, Chester D. ¦
Chtldress. S. S. P. Lydell. Annie
Cuneo,- Maddalena /Matthew, Mary
Dannenfelzer. Ame- - McDermott, Alice'
lla. McLean.' Joseph R.
Dunn, Catherine E. . Mergenthaler, Fred-
Ducroux, Fred • eric G.
Entzmlnger. Lizzie Nickila. Victor
Euler, William A. Russell, John A.
Oalvin. Patrick Ryan. Mary F.
Godfrey, Nora Sanderson. Ora
Harrinsrton, Hanora Searle, Margaret
Hart, John Smith, Mary Ann
Henry, John Stuart. Abbie H. H.
Hodge. Michael Sullivan, Eugene
Kennerson. Caroline Watts, Esther H.
Lagan. Mary . • Wise. Frederick.
Linder, Phillip Jr. ,
ANDERSON— In this city. January 4, 1902,
Katie, dearly beloved sister of William and
Nell Anderson and Mrs. William Reiterman,
a native of San Francisco.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, 135 Page street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARRY — In this city. January 5. 1902, Patrick
beloved husband of Ellen Barry, and father
of Patrick, Daniel and Marie Barry, brother
of John, Richard, Bartholomew and Michael
Barry and Mrs. M. Dunlea and -Mrs. W.
Carey, a native of the parish of Castle
Lyons, County Cork, Ireland, aged 53 years.
(C" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 422 Tenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high ma&3 will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CHILDRESS— In Oakland. January 4, 1902.
S. S. Prentlss Childress, beloved brother of
Mrs. T. R. Hutchinson, and uncle of Mrs.
Ernest C. Felxotto, Mrs. Bernard Ransome,
Mrs. William Bull Pringle and Dwight
Hutchinson, a native of VIcksbursr, Miss.,
aged CO years. (Xew Orleans papers please
copy.) •'
CTFrlends are invited to attend the fu-
neral Monday, January 6, at 11 o'clock, from
his late residence, northeast corner Eighth
and Brush streets, Oakland, Cal. Interment
private.
CUNEO— In this city, January 3, 1902, Mad-
dalena Cuneo, dearly baioved wife of the late
Andrea Cuneo, and loving mother 'of Mra.
Joseph Cuneo, Mrs. S. Barblerl and Mrs. J.
S. Fey. a native of Italy, aged 75 years 2
months and 8 days.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. J. B.
Fey. 2553 Van Ness avenue, between Union
and Filbert streets, thence to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, v^here a solemn requiem high
muss will be celebrated for the repose of her
¦oul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock precisely.
Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
DANNENFELZER— In this city, January 6.
1902, Amelia, beloved wife of the late F. P.
Dannenfelzer, and mother of- Mrs. Rosette
Slmmen and Joseoh K. Dannenfelzer. .a -na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 64 years and
9 days. .
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January S', at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence, 3810' Twenty-fourth 6treet,
near Church. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. . :
DUNN — In this city, January 4. .1902, Cather-
ine E. Dunn, beloved daughter of Catherine
Delaney and the late Michael Dunn, and
sister of John, May, Hanna and Michael
Dunn and Andrew Delaney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years and 10 days.
C3fFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
services will be held at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUCROUX— In Belmont, Cal., December 11,
1901, Fred Ducroux, beloved son of Jean and
Vlrglnie Ducroux, and brother of August,
Joseph and Mary Ducroux, a nattve of Port-
land, Or., aged 17 years 0 months and 20
days.
(CT'Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral services
I Monday, January 6, at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mb brother. 1115% Bryant street,
between Ninth and Tenth, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres. where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
1 . Cemetery.
ENTZMINGER— In Naoa, January 4, 1902,
' . Lizzie, beloved mother of Lizzie and Emma
Entzmlnger, and sister of Kate Hess, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 44 years.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), .at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
EULER — In Oakland, January 5, 1902. William
August, beloved husband of Rebecca Euler,
a native of Waldeck, Germany, aj?e"d 51 years
and 25 days. A member of Eureka Lodge
No. 6. O. H. S.
GALVIN — In this city, January 5. 1902, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Margaret Galvln,
father of Julia Galvin, and 1 brother of
Michael Galvln, a native of Killorgltn,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 35 years and 9
months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 452 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his sou!,
at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MISSION Council No. 3. T. M. I.— Members of
Mission Council No. 3, Y. M. I., are request-
ed to attend the funeral of our late brother,
P. Galvin, at the above address at 8:30
o'clock. By order of the Council.
CHARLES G. WILLEY, President.
D. J. MOYNIHAN, Secretary.
GODFREY— In Oakland. January 5, 1002,
Nora Godfrey, beloved mother of Mra. W.
W.- Wlxom, Mrs. Lenore Ryder,- J. and
' W. Coughlln, a native of Ireland, aged 80
years. ' '
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Francis
de Sales Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Private.
HARRINGTON — In this city, January 3, 1902,
• Hanora, dearly beloved mother of Kitty.
Mary, John and Louise Harrington, a na-
tive of Berehaven, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 49 years and 7 months.
ETFriendo and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral [ to-day
(Monday), at ' 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 168 Perry street, between Harri-
¦ son and Bryant, Third and Fourth, thence
tg St. Rose's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
HART — In this city, January 3, -1902, John,
beloved' brother of William. George and
Alexander and the 1 late Robert Hart, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged (28 years 1
. months and 10 days. ¦..-.;¦
(C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
;¦ fully invited to attend : the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
I H. F. Suhr & Co., ll.JV Mission street. • be-
tween' Seventh and Eighth, thence . to St.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. j
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
-DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mct.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth Et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ,' \.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery ,
SAN r BRUNO HILLS. ;
' OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FJRM OF UiNDB.iTAKtiRS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
.the United Undertakers' Association; M. - J.-
McBrearty. with the same company for: IS 1
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-"
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth... Telephone South 44. r
AUCTION SALES
10ft sets single and double harness; surrles.
buggies, carts, wagons and saddles: also a
large assortment of horses, to be sold at 1140
Folsom street. January 7. 11 a. m.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
¦TralM lonv* nnU nr« «Im«> to nrrlv* «•
¦ ¦ , nan ncANriM«:«».
'^-> (lUin.Uiie. Foot of Market Street.) <*
tMkVM — FROU DlCXXBEB 6. 1901. — ARBtn
7j'3Oa BenicU, Sutouu. Klmira and Bacra-
nieuto... S>3'1p
7i00a Vaeaville. Wlnt<in,*Rumsey ?i30v
1:3Oa Martinez, Sau Utinna.Vitlle.jo. Nafi*.
Caltetnga ami bmnta Rosa 0:33r
¦:OOa DstIs, Woodland. Knlgata I.tndlnf.
Marjsfille. Orotillt, 7:S.1p
8:00* Atlantic Kxpregs-Ogden and. Kut »:23a
Bioo a Nilea, Lathrop. Stockton ~:U*r
BiOOa Mies, Memlou. Hanford. Visalia,
Porterville.. 4:33»
SiSOa Shasta Kxprri»— DutIs. William* (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bad
Bluff, Portland. ?iS3f
•i»o* Ban Jme, LlTemore, Mtocktnn,
lone, Sacramento, PUeorfille.
MHrj»»llle. Chlco, Uml lSlmr 4i3.1r
NiSOa Oakdale. Chinese, Honors, Tuolumna 4:33r
•t©O* Hayward, Kile* and Way Uutiuni.. I I:-13a
•:OOa Vallejo lst:23r
•••Va Los Angeles Kxprasa — Martinez,
¦ .*•-. Tracy. Lathrop, ritoekton, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:53a
•tSOa Vallujo. Martinez anil Wsy BUtlont ?:>V1r
IOiOOa Tbe (Wland UmUed-Ogdea. Den-
var, Omaha. Chicago -1:33»
fliOOr Sacramento ICIrer Siemimn tll:«Of
li»or Benicia. Whiten. 8«cr»niento,
¦ Woodland. Kniltlita ]«odio(,
MnryiTillr, OroTllle 1«:33*
tiSOr Harward, Kiles and Way Station!.. 7t33»
4i00p Martinez, Man Kamon. Vallejo.
Nap*. (?»]i»t(>K». S*nta Horn Wi.VTp
4tOOr Nlles. LlTennore. Stockton. Lodl... 13:'43r
4»:i<»r Hay ward. Nile*. Hau Jose, LfrrrmoiW tS:3<*A
«:SOrTh« Otrl Limited — Fresno, Tulare.
B&kersBeld. Htugus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles .SiSSa
Hi (I Op Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrcp. Stockton 1 11 :23a
SiOOp Martin? z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:3.1*
•i<M»r Ha/ward, JNilea and San Josa 7.35 4
fSiOOp Vallejto 11:234
OiOor Oriental Mall — Ogdoo, Denrer,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chlctgo ««23.a
7iOOp Oregon and California ICxpreaa.Hao-
riinimitii, MarySTllI*, ItxMliiK,
Fortlaml, 1'iignt Hound ami Kast 1(39*
•tOSrSan Pablo. Port Coata. Maitlnes
and Way Stations 11:23a
t»'OSl» ValM. 7t33|
" COAST LJNE darron Uaage).
.-¦ ' (Foot of Mitrket Street.) -
»ii3ANeWArk,Ce!iter»llle,8anJoie,8>lto»,
BoulderGreek.ftautaOniiand Way
Buttons 3i3»f
t»il»p Newark. Ceiiterrilli., SinJoi* N«w
Almaneo, Telton. lioultler Creek,
V Sauta Cms and Principal War
Stations I«:."»n*
4ilSp Newark, Han Josa. Los Gates tSsSO*
«S.3up Hunters' Train— San Josa and Way
Stations l7J*n
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS I RASCISCO— Paov of Market Strut (Slip 81—
tT:lS 0:00 11:00*. u. 1:03 3:00 5:l5i".H.
FMiuOmUD— ro»l«fBruiw,j._t«:OO 18:00 tS.-CB
I0:00*.ll. 12:03 a.C3 i:03P.M.
COAST LINE (Itrosil Mange).
(Third nnd Townseml Sts.)
«: I « a San Jose and Way (Stations.......... r,-.U>Z
7:0O* Ran Jose ami Way SUti.mn t*to<»a>
/7:«»A New Aluiaden / HU1O*
8:00a Cc«st Line Limited — Ban Jose,
Gllroy, Salloaa, Saa Luis ObUpo.
Santa Barbara. Lox Angeles and
principal Intermediate stations 10:439
HiOOa Hiii Jose. Tres linoa. Hunt* r'rux.
Faeilic Urove. Salinas, Ban Lola
Obispo and Principal intermediate
.Stations ¦#:!<»»
10:30* Saa Jose and Way Stations. x:^rt»
I I:S»a Man .lose ami Way Ktnllnns ; D; 16a
i9:-lftp San Mateo, ltedwoorf, Menlo Park,
l'alo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose.
Tres Pinos, BanU firms, Saliuaa.
Monterey ami Pad lie GroT«...... )JOi43a
Bs3Op San Jose and Way KULion.i. lia«#
14:1 Sr San Joseaml Principal Way Stations St3OV
4:30 p Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Fridays, for Los Angales, El
Paso. New Orleans and Sew York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IflslSa
tS:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 1»:AOa
BiSOr San Joao ami Principal Way Stations «:U«rr
«i»*r San Jose ami \V*y rttarfons 7: »U#
7:00 p New Orleans Express — Han Lois
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
. geles. Doming. £1 Paso, New Or-
leans and East 7:30a
f 11:4.1 r 3s.ii Joan .tint Way Stations 7:SO»
A. for Morninz. P for Afternoon,
t Handay excepted. ? Sunday only.
_a Saturday only. / Tneidar* and Friday*,
CHIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
6an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, B;10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
a: 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ' .
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to 81m Francisco.
"WEEK DATS — 6:10, 7:60. 9:2O. 11:10 su m. ;
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:06, 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28. 1901 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- j Week
Days. I. days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:"0am 8:00am Ncvato, 10:40am 8:40am
8:::0pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
fi :10pm 6 :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm,
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
6:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
' Lytton,
Geysenrtlle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm,
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am.
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6 :20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
8:30pm 5 :00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma- ¦ 8:15am 8 :40am
and
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm.
7:50am| 8 :00am I 110 :40am|10 :25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. ( 7:33pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur. Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla; ' at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers ; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Hlgnland Springs, Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr"*
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bra&g,
Westport, Usal, Wlllits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's,' Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond : San Rafael at half rates. - . . •
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry
. Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, •6:15, 6:45 p. m.
KXTBA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— '8:00. »10:00. •11:30 a. m.. »1:15,
3-15. *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL.- TO SAN FRANCISCO.
* WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. »12:25, 2:15, »3:S5, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:0O. *10:00. *11:45 a. m.,
•1:40. *3: 15. 4:45. *6:3O p. m.
Trains morked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «:45. 7:35. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35". 2:43. 3:50. 5:10 p. m. .'¦
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15,
3:30, 5-00, 6:45 p. m .
- . ; THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ' •
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. tsV^tSSHkisi
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mill* and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
genday time. . .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
029 HEABNY ST. Established
In I53-1 for the treatment nt 1'rivate
Diseases. Lost Munbood. Debility or
rtkpaRp wearlngon body ami min<t and
Stein Diseases. Tbe Doctor cares when
others fall. Try him. Charges low. .
t'arr<cunr:tnle«->l. CuIlorwriUk
Kir. J. f. UIBBO-M. Han Francisco. CaL
Weslpall $1.00 jerli
BAHiWAY TBAVEL."
Santa Fe
Tnains-Daiiy.
Leav» ' Market-street Ferry. Depot.
LocaJ Llm-d Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Daily Dally
! Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4-20 n.
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
; " Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
: " Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
j " Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a.:
•' Visalia.. 3:39p ... 5:00a
; ••' Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45a......
" Kan. City ....... 2:40 a 7:30 a......
•••Chicago 2:15p 0:00p. .......
a for morning, p for afternoon. ~*
'9:<b a.m. train Is the ' California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
-Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs , to Bakersfleld for . accommodation at
local . first-class . passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
. responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m» dally
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12 :30
, p. itn. daily. • / ¦ : ,¦¦--. .
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace. Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily: . . - - v
x 7 :20 a. m. . Is ¦ Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. ¦' Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:4Q a. m. 1 dally.
. Offices — 641 Market ¦ street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland."' m ' mm '¦¦¦•«
•flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ ¦• ¦ : Leave Via Sausalito Ferry. "Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ' San Fran. ¦ :¦
Wick Sun- .n.t,,,^^^ Sun. U'«lc
Davs - da > 9 - to.^JZi**
9-30 A. 8:00A. - »tundB« bun u TM l-0° •"• 5:-15 A,
1:45 P. 10:00a. *j"£L*.«,JL» 3:00 P. 3:40 p.
i-AS r. 11:30a. ' w JTb«.«1ii. 4:25 p - r '
. 1:15p. *-?-7 ¦ 5:55 P.
. Fm, S«o rnsetwo » Summit ud Rctan, 11.90.
OobtOflM^ «H MAKiUI 5TM1T at SAOiUJIO RSAX.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FItriTA AI.K FritXISHBn HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
' Wilson ave. and Hopkins Bt.; 2 blocks from
i 2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental crounds: fruit
orchard; 20 minutes frcm Oakland or one
hour from S. F. ; rent $.1S ¦ a month: price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building:.
cr H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL E .^T..^TJ^^^
S1000 — BIG bargain: coxy 5-roomed cottage,
with porcelain sink and hot-water boiler;
• sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work all done. Including stone walks: all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
sale box 237S. Call office. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
\-iC9 throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larga
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elexated: choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth ft*., come within 1 block. Call or
addrefs 1C59 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLA\D PniXITTiRE FOR SALE.
An Introduction to you fromaH. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, lltfi and Franklin. Oakland.
ItUOMS FOR HOtSCKKEPl.NG.
ELLIS. 3C0 — Two Etna] I furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In rear; rent $1CL .
FIFTH, 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $12; 3
connecting, 2 beds, $15; also single, $5 to $7.
GEARY. 408 — 3 nicely furnished rooms; $20.
LAG UN A. 1107 — 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas: bath; piano; reasonable; adults.
¦ MISSION. 5C1. near Second — Large front room
and kitchen, furnished complete for housekpg.
MINNA, 2S1. cor. Fourth— Furnished sunny
front rooms cheao; also housekeeping;, com-
plete; reasonable.
SECOND, 212 — Furn. rms.. housekpg.; others;
clean, respectable: reasonable: no children.
BELL, The, 1773 Market — Sunny front room,
with kitchen, gas range, $15; single rm., $6.
VAN NESS ave.. 934 — Newly furnished sunny
front suite; privilege light housekeeping;
phone.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and lufaro.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
eunny; grill attached; 15c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
BURNETT, 1*26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY. 1456— A large sunny front bay-window
furnished room, with running water and
fireplace.
CLIFFORD. 304 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
- furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 13C— Alcove room and kitchen,
unfurnished, suitable for man and wife; $10.
ELLIS, 321 (Morart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. n SO night; >1 50. <0 wk.; open all night.
EVELTN, 20S Powell — Sunny front suite suit-
able for offices; sunny singles, $1 50 up.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transit nt; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GEARY.. 1012. near Van Ness ave. — One nicely
furnished room with use of telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat;
HYDE, 133. bet. Golden Gate and Turk — Nicely
furnished rooms; running water; grate.
HYDE, 841 — Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; fine location; everything new.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MIN'XA, ift^-S sunnjr rooms; yard; rent reas-
onable. ' ¦ -
MINNA, C67. cor. 8th— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nrshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279— Airy rooms, $1 60, $2, $5
week, running water; transient. 60c, $1 day.
POST. 426 — Rooms suitable for 4 gents; also
single rooms. 12 up.
POWELL. 239, cor. Geary (Edinburgh) — Ele-
gantly furnished sunny suites and singles;
also handsome front rms.. suitable for offices.
SEVENTEENTH. 3795— $15; modern bay-
window flat, 4 rooms, bath; water free.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
TEHAMA. 331— Front and back parlor to let.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day: newly
furnished; good table; in warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia et. .
ROOM and board; elegantly furnished congenial
home; prt; mod. con.; reas. Box 2948, Call.
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngrdale. 626 Eddy — Suite ' suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooma
with board. $22 60 up; excellent table.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. M9 — Handsome furnished apart-
mente: conv.; 2 to 5 gents: best table board.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WAXTEP~
NICE rooms, with Loard. 30 Liberty st..
Mission warm belt, near Valencia, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first.
ROOMS and board— Private, family; brother
and sister: 2 meals; north of Sutter. west of
Taylor; state terms. Address A. R. I., Sta-
tlon T>. Postofflce. -
~~ ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — A quiet, furnished room by a
young gentleman, not beyond 3 blocks from
the Panhandle: state price. Box 2934. Call.
RUPTURE SAXITAR1PM.
RUPTURE cured • at HUNTERS 6ANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market Ft.; treatment free; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
dividend notices.
California safe deposit and trust
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts.— For the six months ending Decem-
ber 81 1001 dividends have been declared
on deposits i n the savings department of thli
company a> follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at tbe rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1, 1802. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY. . 101 Mont-
gomery st.. corner of Sutter— The board of
directors declared a dividend for the term
ending December 31. 1901. at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2. 1002. Dividend*
not called for are added to and bear th»
came rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January i, 1902.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings Jind Loan
Society, corner Market, McAlllster'and Jones
sts.. San Francisco, Dec. 30 1901. At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth iZ\' t y per cent per annum.- on all de-
posits for the six months ending December
31. 1901. Free from all taxes and payable
on and after January 2. 1902. ROBERT J.
TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.— A dividend. No. 37. of seventy-
nve cents <.5c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the comrjany. 435
<:alifornia St.. Ban Francisco, on January
10th. 1002. Transfer books close January .
3d. 1002. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Sec.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. Id
Geary fit.— The directors have declared . a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1903.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.i Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgt*.
jDrujfjists, 50c flask. Richard & Co. 4QS Clay. *
Cereghino, alias Charles¦Cran
dall, and . Charles 'Lowell, alias 'i William
Kelly, .* ex-convicts, were ' brought " from
Sacramento yesterday" morning.by Detec
tives Crockett and Armstrong and locked
up in the Vtanks" at the City Prison.' To
dayithey will be charged with -burglary
for breaking into the : residence of Julius
Gall, v 2131- Broadway, -on :New, Year's- eve
and stealing about $500 worth of jewelry
part of which- was found on them when
arrested. < . . . - -
Brought From Sacramento.
Quincy Lee Morrow will . conduct the
afternoon session. It will • be commenced
at . 1 : o-clock. He will also deliver an ad
dress on the methods of performing tem
perance work through^ the medium of
public meetings, literature and local or
ganization. Dr. Wilson will . speak on
•:The Duty, of a Preacher." and the ques
tion, "What Can Women Do to Help the
Prohibition-Party?", will be, discussed In
the evening Morrow, will deliver an ¦ ad
dress • at the close of . the regular weekly
prayer meeting. • . .
, The first meeting of the temperance and
prohibition conference will be held next
Wednesday morning, commencing at 10
o'clock, in the Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church. The programme com
mittee has already completed Its arrange
ments. At the morning session the ouas
tion of establishing substitutes for a«tloon3
will ¦ be dicussed. The first speaker will
be ; allowed - ten minutes, while all subse
quent papers will be limited to three min
utes. ¦ .- . • • ...;.: :-,-.¦ ¦ y *,
inent Prohibition Advocates
Will Deliver Addresses.
Quincy Lee Morrow and Other Prom-
TEMPERANCE CONFERENCE
\ OPENS ON WEDNESDAY
SUBOBBINATES OTSTALL
NEW OFFICEBS FOB, TESM
Oil Paintings Presented to the Retir-
ing President of Alta
Parlor.
1 The officers of Alta Parlor No. 3, Native
Daughters of the Golden West,' were in
stalled Saturday evening by District Dep
uty Grand President Mrs.' John A. Stein
bach, assisted by Mrs. J. J. Hall as mar
shal and Mrs. J. Hall a"s past president.
The ceremony was ' in the presence of
members only, and the delivery j of the
charges to the several officers was with
that dignity and presence | which has in
the past marked the work of. the installing
officer. The new officers of the parlor are-
Miss Agnes Farren, past president; Mrs. J.
S. Noonan, president: Miss Lizzie Sullivan
Mrs, Emma Fraser and Mrs. May Mason, vice
presidents; Louise Sullivan, marshal; Clara L
Faulkner, recording and Mary Noonan, finan
cial secretary; Agnes Thornagle, treasurer*
Mrs. T.. McLaughlln, inside, and Mrs. Mary
Xapthaly, outside sentinel; Lizzie Douglass,
Grace S. Williams and Mrs. Inge-Faure, 1 trus
tees; Sadie Moyce, organist and Dr. ,Mary
Kroetz, physician. . • . ¦ ¦
After the Installation the parlor, In ap
preciation of the faithful manner in which
Miss Farren, the retiring president, ! con
ducted its business during the past term
presented her a pair of beautiful oil land
scape paintings. ~.
The following named were installed on
Friday night as the officers of San Fran
cisco Lodge of the Fraternal Brother
hood by Deputy Supreme President H: C
Lewis, assisted by acting Supreme Ser
geant Vance: . ¦-
R. M. Ritter, president; Mrs. A. E Stone'
vice president; Lew; B. - Douglass, secretary;
£• W. Stone ; treasurer; Miss Benn, chaplain;
E. L. Cross, sergeant; Miss J. A. . Skelly mis
tress-at-arms; H. F. Hobbs, inside doorkeeper
and Miss M. Smoke, outside doorkeeper . < '
District Deputy T. "W. Goddard has ; in
stalledthe following named officers' of
Loyal California Lodge No. 7005, Inde
pendent. Order of Odd Fellows, Manches
ter Unity: - ,
L: Feyling, G. M.; Frank Clark, N ' G •
Fred Clark. V. G.; George ,W. Langye. L.Im!;
T.. W.Goddard. treasurer; H. V. Willlston
P.. S.; J. T. Wild. E. S. "iinsion.
After the ceremony the members were
entertained with speeches and songs by
members of. the lodge and by visitors •
Barromeans to Entertain.
- The. members: of Borromean Council of
the Young Men's Institute have arranged
for a series of monthly / social ; entertain
ments, the first of which ,will be given in
Mission Opera Hall to-morrow night. The
following musical and literary programme
¦will be presented during the early part of
the evening, . after which there will - be
dancing until midnight: • . .;
Introductory " remarks, ¦ Harry ; McCarthy
president of the council; piano selections -Pro
fessor P. Nowlan; soprano solo; Miss Marie
Schmitz; tenor eolo, J.H.Denebey; violin se
lections. Robert Sullivan ; duet, ', Messrs. Dow
aall and Coughian ; recitation H. F. McCann •
barytone solo, Abbott La , Faille ; ; prison scene
from ' 'II .Trovatore," Miss Marie Schmitz.-H
5- 2°^ da11 a "d Professor Schmitz; violin solo
C E. Schmitz; organist. Professor P.- «»,wlan
of Sacred Heart Church; chorus,' the iJorro
mean, Glee- Club. •
The remains of a child five months old
•vrtire brought to the Morgue yesterday
afternoon by Mrs. Cera Davis, who re
sides at 292 Xatoma street. The woman
claimed that the dead child was not hers
but that it was placed in her charge by
Mr. and Mrs. Hardack of Santa Rosa in
which city she says she formerly resid
ed. The child tpok sick on January 3
and died yesterday. Mrs. Davis sent a
le.egram and a letter to Saitfa Rosa to
inform the parents of the child's death,
but as yet she has. received no answer'
If no response is received to-dav the
child wUl have to be buried by the city
and Mrs. Davis is too poor to pay fun
eriil expenses.
Eiings Child's Body to the Morgue
The vessel had been afloat nearly, two
n^ S :* h^ rl , nj ?, d J ifted northward almost
opposite Trinidad, a coast town eighteen
miles north of Eureka. The green rollers
breaking over the Eureka while she was
in a crippled condition caused much fear
among • the passengers. Sherdocked ar
Baird-street wharf, Eureka, at 4:15 p. ni
having been on the voyage over twentv
nine hours the time required to make rhe
trip being from eighteen to twenty hourb
During the trip a constant lookout was
kept for missing rafts and lifeboats yet
unaccounted for that were lowered from*
the wrecked Walla Walla. Several pieces
of wreckage were seen floating, but no
other object whatever was sighted. . To
date every -vessel reaching this port' has
seer, nothing of the French bark which
collided with the steamer Walla Walla
The passengers on board feel most
grateful toward Captain Killman, com
mander of a four-masted schooner' now
docked at Somoa, being loaded with lum
ber for foreign ports. He observed the
mate giving orders, but making no head
way toward controlling the ship. He then
took it upon himself to order the crew
and the mate undertook to interfere. Cap
tain Killman replied: "I do not intend
placing my life in your hands one minute
longer.
EUREKA, Jan. 5.— The steamer Eureka
in command of Captain Jessen, which left
San Francisco at 11 a. m. Saturday, with
twenty-one passengers aboard, met with
an accident while on the Humbold't Bar
that might have resulted in the loss of
several lives. Upon entering the bar a
large green' roller hit her stern, disabling
the steering gear by breaking the wire
rope near the rudder post. While dis
abled and drifting on the bar she barely
missed the north-end jetty. If the steamer
had struck the Jetty it would have cap
sized and probably all aboard would have
been lost. By the use of the propeller
the crew managed to keep the vessel head
on the green rollers untilshe drifted back
to sea. - . .
i Snecial Dispatch to The Call,
The weather has been below freezing
point, but this does not seem to have any
effect on the mosquitoes, except, perhaps,
to make them more ravenous. They have
even invaded dwellings. Residents have
never seen anything like them. Local
naturaiists say they are different from
ordinary mosquitoes, and are at a loss to
classify them accurately.
The mosquitoes arrived when the snow
eras deep upon the ground. They came in
a cloucU like grasshoppers, and settled
everywhere. The appearance of a living
being is a signal for them to swarm to
the attack In myraids. They are t>o large
and fierce that they can be fought off with
difficulty. People have been forced to re
nuiin indoors as much as possible and
women — and even some men — have taken
to wearing veils when they apepar on the
streets.
fiALINA. Utah, Jan. 5.— A swarm of
mosquitoes had descended upon Sallna and
is making all manner of trouble for the
inhabitants. The phenomenon is a re
markable one, for mosquitoes have never
been heard of in winter in this part of
the country, and these mosquitoes are as
large as wasps.
EDecial Diesatch to The Call
Mr. and Mrs. Collier play the ardent lov
ers in "On the Quiet." Mrs. Collier said
this morning, when the story leaked out,
that her contract compelled her to stay
with the company. . •
Before she left the Brown Palace Mrs.
Collier told the clerk she would return
immediately to New York to obtain a di
vorce. An attorney yesterday gathered
evidence regarding the assault upon her.
Mrs. Collier bore marks of blows on her
.tece. Across her nose, near the right
eye. was a long cut, apparently made by
a ring stone. Her right eye was discol
ored and her cheeks were puffed red
swollen.
When Mrs. Collier had- dressed Watch
man Brady called a carriage and she was
taken to the St. James Hotel, where she
remained the rest of the week with Mrs.
Garrett.
Earlier in the evening Mrs. Collier en
tertained a party of four or five friends,
among whom were her sister, Mrs. Gar
rett, and the latter's husband, Thomas
Garrett.
"I Just came home a few minutes ago
.to have a cold bottle of beer. You can
see what they've been drinking," he
added, with a wave of the hand toward
a number of wine bottles, on the floor.
DENVER, Jan. 5.— Guests in the Brown
Palace Hotel were awakened shortly be
fore 3 o'clock on Thursday morning by
the shrieks and sobs of a woman. The
cries came from the corridor of the third
story and attracted the attention of Night
Clerk Brown. Watchman Brady found
Mrs. William Collier, wife of the actor,
crouched in a corner of the corridor. She
was clad in only a night robe, but had
thrown a skirt around her shoulders.
Brady rapped at Collier's door and was
ordered away, but threatened to break
in the door if it were not opened. Actor
Collier opened the door.- Brady told him
to allow Mrs. Collier to get her clothing.
Collier said:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Her -daughter, i Princess Dorotha, was
married to Ernest" Genthier, Duke of
Schleswig-Holstein, brother of the present
Empress of Germany, and . her sister,
Princes Stevanie, was the wife of the
Archduke Rudolph of Austria, who com
mitted suicide. • . '. .-'.. .... ;
BERLIN, Jan. 5.— Princess Louise, the
eccentric daughter of King Leopold of
Belgium, who -was divorced from her hus
band,, ; Prince Philip '„ "of Saxe-Coburg-
Gotha and who has been held practically
a prisoner in a retreat near Dresden. for
the last two years, ; has been pronounced
hopelessly, insane; ¦."•¦¦¦.¦¦,.:¦' ,>;
Eccentric Daughter of King Lsopold
of Belgium a Mental
Wreck.
PRINCESS LOUISE NOW
HOPELESSLY INSANE
Actor is Charged With
an Assault Upon
• His Wife. •
Large Roller Disabled
Her While Crossing
• Humboldji Bar.
Swarms of Ravenous In
sects Raid Town
'in Utah.
STEAMER EUREKA
BADLY CRIPPLED
WILLIE COLLIER
IN BRUTAL ROLE
WINTER INVASION
BY MOSQUITOES
HALIFAX, N.. S., Jan. 5.— The British
troop ship Manhattan arrived this even
ing from Cape Town. On board the troop
ship were two Americans who fought un
der the. British flag in the South African
war. One of them! T. Ryan, served two
years with the Duke of Edinbm-gh's colo
nial corps. He took part In eight en
gagements, the most important of which
was the relief of Kimberley. His home is
in Arizona and he is going to New Or
leans. The Manhattan will take part of
the Canadian Mounted Rifles to South
Africa.
PRETORIA, Jan. 5.— The Boers /* am
bushed a party of i the Scots Guards last
Sunday near Bronkhortspruit, about forty
miles east of Pretoria, on the railroad.
The British casualties were six men killed
and ten wounded.
The Cannons are leading citizens, and
practically the only, ones in the Lookout
country, who have openly and persistently
favored the prosecution of the suspects.
They declare that Nichols had nothing to
do with the lynching.
. One of the alleged' discrepancies in the
confession of John Hutton is the state
ment that R. L. Nichols, a cousin of the
Cannons of Lookout, joined the town par
ty of lynchers in the rear of Trowbridge's
store and went with it to the schoolhouse
reaching the schoolhouse at 11 o'clock
and remaining there until the country
party arrived, when the mob repaired to
the hotel and lynched the five prisoners
Nichols" was one of the men who guard
ed the prisoners early in the night, and
claims he did not go. off duty until after
12 o'clock. •
. After Gibbons Sr. had finished his depo
sition a boy named Halcomb called him
from the courtroom and escorted him to
the hotel. Gibbons returned .in a- few
minutes and, asked that his deposition be
returned to him, saying that he believed
the defense was trying to take advantage
of him.. His. request was denied.
: The Alturas Plain Dealer to-day Issued
an extra detailing the events of the last
two days and charging that two witnesses
who have made confessions were hypno
tized by Simmons. ._
Deponent Tries to "Hedge."
J. Oliver Gibbons in his deposition said
that he had arranged the interview as
requested. Judge Myers expressed a
willingness to see Post and Simmons.
Later the deponent saw Myers and Mar
shal Taylor going up the street together
in the direction of Stewart's Hall. After
ward Myers told him that he had gone
to see Simmons and that Simmons told
him the prosecution had evidence that he
tied those knots, and that if he would
make a confession ¦ he would be freed
Myers declared that he told all he knew
before the Grand Jury and the Superior
Court, and that if he added anything else
it would be perjury.
Gibbons Sr. said that yesterdafy after
noon he was accosted by Simmons near
the Star Hotel and was requested to tell
his son, J. Oliver Gibbons, that Assistant
Attorney General Post would like to ar
range for an interview with Judge Myers.
Simmons also asked him to have his son
take a doctor to the jail and to have the
doctor certify that It was not a fit place
in- which, to confine Myers. Simmons
wanted the aged Judge brought to the ho
tel, where he could be taken care of for
the night. Later in -the day Simmons
went to Gibbons' house and told Gibbons
that Myers would not make any state
ment and would not acknowledge that he
had tied the -knots in the ropes tested in
Morris' store in Lookout. He again asked
Gibbons to have- his son bring Myers to
¦the hotel and urge him to make a confes
sion, Simmons claimed Myers had ad
mitted the facts in his presence, but that
he' refused to confess to the attorneys
for the State. .
The warrant for Simmons' arrest was
sworn out late this afternoon after sev
eral depositions had been taken before
Justice of the Peace Spargur. Those ex
amined before Judge Spargur were T. C
Gibbons, an evangelist residing in Red
Bluff, and. his son, J. Oliver Gibbons, a
resident of Lookout. J. Oliver Gibbons is
a son-in-law of Judge Myers, and it is
upon the latter that Simmons is alleged
to have tried to use hypnotic Influence to
obtain a confession.
Accusations Against Simmons.
_ Justice of the Peace J. R. Myers of
Lookout declares that he has given no
statement regarding the lynching, except
that made on the witness stand, when
he declared that he knew nothing regard
ing the hanging of Hall and the others.
Rev. Mr. Simmons was closeted with him
until a. late hour last night and it was
expected that as the result of the impor
tunities of the clergyman ,the aged sus
pect would tell what he knew. Myers is
near death, and it is believed that he will
soon relent and turn against those with
whom he is believed to have been asso
ciated in the lookout tragedy.
Deputy Sheriff Fleming arrived here
this evenings from Lookout with Orrin
Trowbridge and J. J. Potter and placed
them in jail. These are two of the men
implicated by the confession of Hutton.
All of the thirteen suspects are now in
jail here.. It is. expected that other in
dictments will be returned to-morrow.
It was learned definitely to-day that,
despite the protestations of Claude Mor
ris that he had made no confession, hl3
sworn statement detailing events in con
nection with' the lynching is In the'pos
session of the prosecution. The confes
sion of Morris was obtained by Mr. Sim
mons. : .
In connection with the arrest of Rev.
Mr. Simmons there is a peculiar story.
He claims to possess some hypnotic pow
er, and the Alturas populace has come
to believe that Hutton was induced to
confess not through appeals to his relig
ious feeling, but because of the hypnotic
influence exercised over him by Mr. Sim
mons. ¦¦' ¦
ALTURAS, Jan. 1 . 5.— Rev. Mr. Simmons,
the clergyman through whom the con
fession of John Hutton, Implicating many
alleged participants in the Lookout lynch
ing, was obtained, was arrested to-night
on a warrant sworn to by men connected
with the defense in the Brown trial. He
is charged with subornation of perjury. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lynching Suspects Are Afraid That
He Will Induce Others to
Turn State's Evi
' ¦• -- dence. -.-.',•'- :
Clergyman Is Arrested for
Alleged Subornation of
Perjury. *
OJaim Occult Power Is
Utilized to Obtain
Confessions.
MODOC MEN
FEAR ART OF
A HYPNOTIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1902.
Boers Ambush a Party of Scots Grays
at a Point . Within Forty Miles ¦
;^.-.of TransvaaJ's .
Number of Men Invalided
Home Reaches a Total!
V of 64,330.
Twenty-Four Thousand
Britons Perish on .'•;'
the Veldt. :
COST OF WAR
IN BLOOD OF
ALBION'S SONS
LONDON, Jan. 5.— The to
tal reduction of Great Brit
ain's military forces in South
Africa from the beginning of
the war to December, includ
ing deaths from disease, etc.,
amounts to 24,299 men. Of
this number 19,430 were act
ually killed or died. A total
of 64,330 men were invalided
home, the majority of whom
recovered and joined .their
commands. . '
12
OOLDBEBg. BQyEy * Cff S SPSCIAL 8-tyiN8 BALI
Cognac
F O P— our bottling— such -
value never before offered by us $ 1 1 5
or any one— reg'ly $1 50 bottle- a rn
$6 gallon * J
M os ell e wine
German hock type doz pts $2 50
California dry white wine "qts 4 OO
reg'ly $y$s-$i 50 gallon I OO
D C L Whisky
h ylf^Ssr^ h } 5lbottl = 8 S £
Caledonian Scotch J $1 35 " $1 1 5
Listerine
Lambert— wonderful antiseptic 65c
Pate dentifrice
Vee-o-lay— Paris— „ r n
reg'iy 3 5cjar 2 for 55 C
Toilet paper
Bon ton — soft tissue — 7rr
reg'ly $1 doz rolls /->
January catalogue ready— Free
432 Pins 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thrrteenth and Clay Strtets, Oakland
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Cbke for sals to AunlUet
«nd to th» trad» at reduced rates.
DR.MCMLTY.
T^HIS WELL-K2TOWN AX1> KKLIABtE OLE
¦*• bpccIallsteuretBlood Poison, Gonorrhoea. Gle<?t,
otrJctarc, Seminal Weaknes.^, Impotence and tbeti
silled Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
pTer20UearVexpeTience.Tenns reasonable. Hoars.
9to3dailT;6:30to3.30eT'n. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul.
taUon free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddieaa
P. BO8GOE McXUIiTY. M. D. s
26JiHearnySt., San Francisco, Cal.
ff\ 3 1 A 1 #% Ammunition. M»to!«, Cat-
I B i F laH V 1 l«^. Carving: Sets. Football,
3.8 H K\fl Baseball. Athletic and Out"
3ll S« MM iag Goo <*stor Holiday Trad*
O U I H Send for Catalogue.
¦ a 8HBIVB ft BARBBB CO..
- •- - -739 Marirat St *nd 511 Kwny Z\
\M. T. HESS,
KOTAXT PUBLIC AND ATT0SSSY-1T-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bide
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 California' St.. below • Powell
Residence Telephone. James 1301.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
NOTICE!
' Mayerle'a Superior Qua!-
Hy Eyeglasses, which an
V5555kW t v e 1 nly ones Indorsed bi
£/&M*2±- ">e highest U. S. Army
Navy and Government offl-
cials. can be had only o:
George Mfyerle^ at 1071% Market St.. neai
Seventh. San Francisco. Mr. George Mayerli.
does not trarel, nor does he employ travellni
cptlclans to represent him. Telephone SouU
B72. German Eyewater. 50c. . ««~«
ADMIRAI* DEWET, '
yho used Mayerle's glasses during th« Spanish-
American War. and Is still using them wit»
much satisfaction, highly appreciates their su
perlorlty. and sends the following testimonial
MR. GEORGE MATERLE. German Expert Op
ticlan. 10.1^ Market St.. San Franciico. Cal
My Dear Sir: 1 am still using WITH Mrrs
SATISFACTION the glasses you TsTnt me o
Manila; also the new ones gutt my eyes perf
lectly. Very truly yours. GEORGE DSWExT
¦- >^ CUT THIS °UTf -
G0LBBSR3. BOWEH & CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
Good buying affords low
prices — you profit by these
sales — so do we
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Pa s h a co ffe e
Next quality to Java and ,, il r . r
Mocha-35clb roast or ground lu: >5 3 i -
M a c a r o n i
La Favorita— also spaghetti- f
vermicelli-letters and 2 IDS 2CC
numbers— reg'ly 15c lb
Baking powder
Excelsior— reliable— economical— oc
re g''y 35c |b can J
M a pi e syrup
Hazen — pure maple sap from 60c
Vermont— reg'ly 65c K gal can
Mushrooms ,
F Lecourt— first class n r__
quality— reg'ly 25c can z Ior 45 C
Prunes
California — ¦ 11
reg'ly ioc lb 4 lbs 25c
S a 1 m o n
Selected fish—
reg'ly i2>^c round flat can IOC
Piirf-Ol a s
Baby olives stuffed with l f .
pepp-rs— appetizing 3 DOts 5 OC
? gg S
Fresh and guaranteed — dozen 35c
Bit d pate
Franco-American — popular ior
sandwicK'paste— reg'ly 25c can V
M a y o n a i s e
Sierra Madre— piquant salad ore
dressing— reg'ly 30c bottle J
G a n n e d p e as
Extra sifted-i lb can \ « f nr « er
Wisconsin— 2 lb can f j I 5
reg'ly 15c can 002^140
O 1 .1 v e s
Little Manzanilla— . 20c
reg'ly 25c quart
S a f e t y m atches
chMrS\ g can^°Ught ity r A .
them-heads don't 5 doz box « 25c
fly off \
W h i s k y
Old stock bourbon— the same < j \ r
quality for, 25 years — * • <
reg'ly $1 50 bottle— $6 gallon 4 $°
G 1 are t
V Zinfandel— pure table wine— ,? r>r
reg'ly 50c gallon 4 OC
ADVEETISEMENTS.
This week will commence our ANNUAL SALE
OF FINE WHITE EMBROIDERIES. We will
offer atiout 6500 uards Cambric, Nainsook and
Swiss Edgings, Insertlntjs and Allovers, at
prices ganging from 5c to 5Q<c -per yard.
These -Emlrroiderles are a special purchase
from a St.- Gall manufacturer, and will ia-
found yeru much less than regular prices.
X Cx\ CIO
ENGLISH TORCHON LACES, hoth Edgings
and Insertings, from one to four inches in
width, These come in about fiftg different
patterns, Prices 30c, 40c, 50c and
60c per dozen yards, and are the best
values ever offered by us. "i
We will also have on sale this week about 450
dozen Ladies 1 and Gents J UNLADNDERED
LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, Embroidered, Hem-
stitched and Initialed. Prices $3.00, $1.20,
$1.80 and $3.00 Dozen. These Handker-
chiefs arrived late for our holidau trade,
HI. 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEIWTISEMENTS.
110 Fourth Street
One Block from Market ¦ .1
Tel. Black 1121.
MY PRICES ARE RIGHT and
MY GOODS ARE RIGHT!
WHAT I SAY I DO.
THIS WEEmPECIALS!
FLOUR— California, per sack 7.5c
White as snow. Flour is advancing.
COAL OIL— Per can .75c
High-grade Eastern.
TABLE FRUIT— Peaches, Pears,
Apricots, per can 10c
SALAD OIL— Quart bottle ..ioc
1 Extra refined. Reg. 25c.
DURKEE'S SALAD DRESSING—
Reg. 35c. . Per bot. 25c
SNIDER'S CATSUP— Per bot... 20c
Reg. 25c. '
LARD— Choice quality, per lb.... 10c
BUTTER— Choice Creamery— . .
Per square .37j^c
GRAPE NUTS— 2 pkgs ........25c
SALMON— Red, 3 'cans. . . . . ;. . . .25c
Reg! ioc can.
GRAN. SUGAR— 22 lbs........ $1.00
The Steinway is standard
/
all over the world .
* ¦ * ¦ 4 ¦ • ¦ .
The crowned heads of the world have royally indorsed the- Steinway
Fiano by appointing. Messrs. Steinway & Sons as makers to their courts;
the greatest musical celebrities everywhere personally use and indorfc
the Steinway, and have written Messrs. Steinway & Sons hundreds of
letters telling of their keen appreciation for this piano; thousands of
American homes from Maine to California possess Steinway Pianos in
preference to all others. The Steinway is standard. ¦- jvj.
These celebrated pianos, as well as several "others of high grade quality
exo to be had In San Francisco from Sherman. Clay & Co., who are the Pa-
cific Coast dealers. In buying pianos from a firm as reliable as Sherman Clay
& Co. every customer can feel assured that his "purchase is covered by a
guarantee that Insures absolute. protection. ' t '''^X{. r TJ\-
You are cordially Invited to visit the salesrooms of Sherman, Clay & Co.,'
where three whole floors are devoted to Stelnways and other pianos of recogl
nized superiority.' J
Should you be Interested, the New Rent Contract Plan for selling pianos,
Inaugurated by Sherman, Clay & Co., will be explained, which shows that any
hotae with a moderate income can possess a piano.
Sherman, Clay SGo;
3lCin\V aV FlanO I/CalCrS Co'- 13th and Broadway, Oakland.'
,'¦•"..;.: - 711. Second eve.,' Seattle.'
1 aft/P* ' H^l'f JKffV^"B^/VPi
H B flu hhII h B - - 3 E B BB fl T
Necessitates a like difference ii
glasses. '¦ Well-matched ej'es aiv
seldom found; hence in defec
.five ; sight the lens, must bi
made to- suit reach eye. ' There;'
is nothing that is more im-
portant to have right than eye .
glasses.- .Hence,; in choosinV
¦'.them, it is necessary to .consul;
the expert optician;- and here -it-;
where we can.be of incalculable,
¦ service to; you. Our glasses arc
; always, satisfactory .;.. r • ; /
our name nnd nimb :•
.:; £1? Kearny St^ftiNn^ • ¦
V-'^ ; - ' 11 111 hi in mi "'^•*hr
i •¦ \ ~Wli ¦ -sii^ ol tean| y. ele^ nce » i
j$\\ ;^B^^^~*. - style and comfort; that j
' ttl6y liave unvar y iD g i ;
I^^^PT quality ;at an unvarying price, and that they never I
IK disappoint. * < 10 9. widths aa\ to ee. ,.„ ?
: . : i EXCLUSIVE ACENCY : . \
;• Second Shoe Store from ' jl //£<% fl £ A^VJ/^7 S Third St ' ''¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.