Continued on i Page Four.
LITLE POCK." Ark.. Jan. 21.— Thomas
Bush (colored) a nephew of John E. Bush.
receiver of the United State3 Land Office
here, was assassinated here to-day. He*
was shot through the heart and instantly
killed. There is no clue to the assassin.
Arkansas Negro Assassinated.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 21.— The last
hope held cutvfor the safety of the miss
ing boat's crew of the wrecked steamer
Bristol was shattered this morning: on
the arrival of the steamer Amur from the
north. On the up trip a search was made,
the steamer cruising around Green and
Grey islands, but no trace of the seven
missing:, men was found.
Ho Trace of Missing Seamen.
LOSE LIVES IN DISCHARGE OF DUTY.
/ ¦ / "Hf ¦ OST his life in the discharge of his duty" will be the sole remembrance attached
H to the' portrait bi Police Officer Eugene G. Robinson when it is placed alongside
H -^ of those of his predecessors who have met a similar. fate. At police headquar
ters there are pictures of six heroes of the department, including Robinson, who
have died in this manner. In the fifty years the departrneht has been organized the following
named have sacrificed their lives: ; * ';7.: ;.;¦ _ : ' - ¦ ; ¦',"..•.•'.' , . . -•
Charles J. .Coots, substitute officer, shot April, 1877,' by John Runk, in Chinatown.
Riink was hanged a year later for this crime. ' . ' ; ¦•- V. ; .
John Nicholson, stabbed in the neck by unknown Chinese burglar; at the corner of
Pacific and Mason streets. Died at.2;a. m.y February 16. 1884.'; .' v '\!
Edwin J. Qsgoodjvknire wound in neck inflicted. by /'an -unknown assassin at the cor-,
ner of Pacific and Dupont 'streets at 3:30 a. m. December 13, 1886. Died at 10 a. m. : De-~
Alexander Grant., wound received- from a pistol alleged to ; have,, been; discharged^ by
Maurice B. Strellinger, ; alias M.B: Curtis, ; on •Fblso'm street; between Fourth and' Fifth,
at 12:30a. m. September 1 1 , 1 89 1 . Curtis was acquitted. ; . - ; '¦¦• .. > ' ¦'/.
Lieutenant William F. : Burke, "shot 1 while attempting; to \ arrest TV P.' Haines on Bernal
Heights. Died March 23,-1896, at ii;a. m.; Haines ;.\yas, sentenced to life imprisonment."
,.„, Eugene "C; Robinson," gunshot wounds" received while endeavoring to; arrest- a jtrio^of
- - footpads at the corner of Sixteenth and, Valencia streets.* "Died 1 6:5b- a. " rri. January 21 j . 1 902.
Some of the larger owners declare that
its presence is not essential and the diffi
culty will perhaps be removed by its ab
sorption. The paper adds that the Ger
man, French, Netherlands, and Scandi
navian lines are excluded from the pool.
This story is not " confirmed from any
other source.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The Express asserts
that at an Important meeting of transat
lantic shipowners beld In London to-day
all owners of vessels plying between
Great Britain and America were Invited
to join a pool. The Kxpress names thirty
line* concerned In the combination. It
adds that one difficulty prevents an Im
mediate settlement of the deal, viz.,- the
obstinacy of one small company, which
refuses to Join, two owners In Glasgow
and Liverpool making their adhesion de
pendent upon this company's ; acquies
cence.
Thirty Transatlantic Companies
May Soon Be Gathered in an
Immense Combination.
SHIPOWNERS CONSIDER
A GIGANTIC POOL
The footpad who was shot down and
captured by Policeman Taylor was posi
tively identified last night by Sheriff W.
F. Sibley of Stockton. His name is Jack
Wade and he is wanted in Stockton for
complicity In the daring robbery of
Austin's store, which" occurred a few
weeks ago. At, the time orthe robbery
George Moore, alias Mason, , was taken
Into custody by the police of Stockton,
but Wade made his escape oh one of .the
steamboats that plies' between that; city
and San Francisco. Wade went aboard
the steamer as soon as he heard that
Moore had been arrested, and secreting
himself in the top bunk of the steward's
room managed to escape. Sheriff Sibley
has' been on a still hunt for Wade in this
city for the last^week. He called! at the
j City and County Hospital last night and
I identified him. : '¦ ;
Wade, alias Henderson, alias Gilley,
alias Daly, was quite surprised to. see
Another life besides Robinson's was
sacrificed when the footpads shot down
the officer and then tried to escape. Adolph
Albersmeyer fell off an awning while
watching the exciting chase after the foot
pads and death resulted from his injuries.
ceived while trying, to cap
ture four desperate footpads who had at
tempted only a few hours before to hold
up Attorney Stephen Costello and a
Japanese named G. R. Akiyo on Valencia
street, near Eighteenth.
POLICEMAN EUGENE C.
ROBINSON died Vt the
Railroad Hospital ' shortly
before 7 o'clock yesterday
morning from the effects of
the gunshot wounds he re-
¦ Slbley f urhl8hed the local police with
a ' complete description of Wade's . three
Sheriff : Sibley,- who knows his criminal
record well. 1 •
partners in, crime. The quartet who;mur
dered Policeman'. Robinson "worked to
gether in "'Stockton and "their .methods
were quickly recognized by the Sheriff.. •
Sheriff Sibley of San Joaquin Furnishes Description
of Men Who Helped nurdefPolicernaiii
The footpad who was wounded and cap
tured by Officer Taylor retains a discreet
silence as' to the identity of himself or
his three -f'pals.". At the City and County
Hospital, where he "is chained to a cot,
the desperate criminal- was closely ques
tioned yesterday afternoon 'by Detective
-Wren. • He said>his name was William A.
.Henderson, but the letters and addresses
found on; his person : at the time of his
arrest strengthen the belief of the upper
Joffice'men that he is not telling the truth,
not only as ,to- his identity, but In every
other detail of the terrible tragedy which
.Battling against overwhelming odd3 In
the running, encounter with the four des
perate "footpads Robinson gave up his
life in the brave performance of his duty.
Even when his abdomen was fairly riddled
with bullets from the revolvers of the
vicious criminals the courageous police
man partly lifted himself from the stone
pavement where he had fallen when the
first shot/ struck him and emptied his
revolver Into the gang of. thugs in a last
feeble effort .to bring on© of th;m down.
The mortally wounded policeman's bul
lets went wide of their mark, but'Police
man Charles H. Taylor, who daringly
took up the chase after the fleeing foot
pads, shdt one of them through the neck,
and through him the police hope to trace
and finally capture his? three comrades
who made good their escape.
Battles Against Heavy Odds.
Every avenue of escape from the city
is being guarded vigilantly by the police.
Captain - Seymour has . every one of his
detectives on the scent, and with the
clews furnished by .Sheriff Slbley the
murderers' chances for escape seem very
small. - . !•:'; .:.'.. ¦ ¦
some safe to raise money for Moore's de
fense. Finding a good opportunity to hold
up two citizens, ' they " gave up the safe
blowing-idea and decided upon robbery
instead.'
. "A land attack on Panama is also con
templated by the Insurgents. They are
said ; to number 40C0 in that department
and arc well equipped. Their commander
is General Benjamin Herrara, one of the
most efficient leaders in the Liberal army.
Several expeditions bearing arms cap
tured by insurgents at the taking of
Tumaco "have recently landed near Pana
ma. Among these are eighteen cannon."
"General Alban was the backbone of the
Government army, and his death means
the utter demoralization of Its forces on
the Isthmus. It Is a great blow to the
Government and an important victory for
the Liberals. He was a terrible enemy,
and there is no one whom Columbia can
appoint to properly fill his place. -
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— At the head
quarters of the Liberal revolutionists in
this city, Dr. A. J. Restrepo, diplomatic
representative, said he expected to receive
soon a dispatch direct from Panama tell
ing of its capture. Of the effect of General
Alban's death 'on the Insurrection the
rebel agent said:
Alban's Death a Great Blow.
last night. • \.
The ' Colombian Government Is making
every possible preparation both/here and
at Panama to' repulse the- land attack by
the insurgents, which is momentarily ex
pected. There are nearly 1000 Government
troops at 'Panama, tinder command o£
General Garcia. Senor Arjona remains
civil governor of this district pending the
receipt of instructions from Bogota.
COLON, Jan. 21.— The Colombian war
ship General Pinzon has gone to Savan
illa to get more troops. Everything 13
quiet along, the line of. the Panama rall
road. Officials of Colon are engaged. in
placing the town in a good state of de
fense, in case the insurgents decide to
attack It. Guards are stationed at Mount
Hope, where trains are stopped ..and
searched. Many, suspects were arrested
Busy Preparing Defenses.
Excitement in Panama Is considerably
abated. General Lauriano Garcia quietly
assumed command of the isthmian forces.
The secretary of "the Government, Senor
J. Aristides Arjona. is acting as civil and
military chief. Both he and General Gar
cia have Issued proclamations.
The Insurgent gunboats Padilla and
Darien left the bay shortly before noon.
The Padilla Is commanded by General
Ramirez, the Darien by Colonel Koberta
Payan. >
Captain Lace, who was on board the
Lautaro, took refuge on the' Pacific Mall
Company's steamer Loa, which, together
with the Aconcagua, had Just arrived.
The latter vessels barely had time to get
out of range of * the Padllla's guns when
sharp flringx began, The Pacific Mail
Company's vessel Quito,, from southern
coast portal- came in a little ahead of the
insurgent~£unboats and had to lie by the
Philadelnjiia for- safety.
The Philadelphia's decks were cleared
for action in case of any irregular firing
in her direction.
The captain and Officers of the United
States cruiser Philadelphia and Captain
Terry of the Pacific Mail Company's tug
Isabel rendered signal service saving lives
and taking out the wounded from the
Lautaro before the latter sank.
Philadelphia Clears Decks for Action.
Universal regret is felt at the tragic
ending of General Carlos Alban on board
the steamship Lautaro during the naval
fight. His loss Is generally considered,
almost irreparable. His body, which Is
supposed to have gone down with the
ship, has not been recovered, but Gov
ernment officials and friends are still
making all efforts to recover it. The Lau
taro sank about 9 o'clock m the morning.
She was leaking on the starboard side
after the explosion, but there is a hope
that she can easily be raised by pump-
The revolutionists determined to attack
the Lautaro. Their plan was rendered
easily successful because the Lautaro
had no steam up when the revolutionary
craft appeared.
PANAMA, Colombia, Jan. 21.— The vic
tory of the Colombian insurgents in the
bay yesterday morning was due to the
exchange of prisoners. Upon the' ex
change of captives the rebels learned that
General Alban intended to get the steam- '
ship Lautaro ready to fight their vessels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Confidence is expressed at the Navy
Department that the President will sup
port the action of Secretary Long. This
means he Trill not, in the opinion of na
val officials, give Schley credit for the
victory at Santiago. Friends of the Pres
ident say he has conceived a way to set
tle the controversy. This is not, it is
caid, in conflict with the action of Sec
retary Long. Even Rear Admiral
Echley's friends predict that the action
the President will take will be adverse,
and they regret the appeal was made.
Those who are pushing Rear Admiral
Schley forward as a Presidential possi
bility, say. however, It Is a movement
that is sure to redound to the benefit of
the naval officer, especially as It will
ehow the country that President Roose
velt is in the "clique" to besmirch their
hero.
Rear Admiral Schley's appeal proper
contains about 2000 words. There are
three exhibits setting forth the testimony
vhlch it is claimed the court failed to
consider. The document follows closely
the bill of exceptions filed by the rear
admiral with. Secretary Long before the
latter approved the -findings of the court
and disapproved the individual opinion
expressed by Admiral Dewey. It con
tends that the evidence given vindicates
Rear Admiral Schley of every one of the
charges made against him.
President Roosevelt, however, has de
cided not to make the appeal public at
this time. It is his purpose to devote his
tpare moments to its consideration. The
Attorney General will be furnished with
a copy and he will also read It. Knox
has already read .the testimony adduced
by the court. He is, therefore, in a po
sition to promptly dispose of Rear Ad
miral Schley's brief. The President is
also primed with facts and the moment
lie hears from Knox that moment he will
be prepared to act.
Rear Admiral Schley met his counsel,
Rayner and Teague, at the Hotel Rich
mond this morning. The latter submitted
to him the brief they had prepared,
which contains about 35.000 words. Rear
Admiral Schley expressed gratification
with the presentation it made of his case
iEind attached his signature to the docu
ment. It was intrusted to M. A. Teague,
one cf the rear admiral's counsel, who
carried it to the White House ana hand
ed it to Secretary Cortelyou for submis
sion to the President. The rear admiral
was asked if he could state the salient
points of his appeal. ;--* ,
"No, I cannct," he replied. "I have
riotjjjtgj to i sar- • Wh«te»«r- raj—^coansel
deposits with the President is a matter
cf more or less interest and will quite
likely be given put by the President."
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
TV., WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.-President
Roosevelt received to-day the brief of
Rear Admiral W. S. Schley protesting
Egainst the failure of the naval court of
inquiry, which investigated his conduct
during the war with Spain, to give due
weight to the evidence favorable to him.
The document will be read by Attorney
General Knox and by the President and
the latter will announce his decision
\viihin the next few days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
gaged in Preparing Defenses at
Colon and Panama,
Fearing Attack.
Colombian Government Forces En-
retary Long.
However, the Navy Department Is
Confident the President Will
Support tlie Action of Sec-
Victory of Insurgents Due to
Plans Learned by Ex- .
change of Prisoners.
Alleges the Court of Inquiry
Failed to Consider Testi
mony in His Favor.
The Cruiser Takes No
Chances During the
Battle at Panama.
Schley Piles His Appeal
With the Chief Ex- ,
ecutive.
PHILADELPHIA
CLEARS DECKS
FOR ACTION
FINAL MOVE
IN THE NAVAL
CONTROVERSY
ROBINSON DIES OF BULLET WOUNDS
AND CAPTIVE ROBBER IS IDENTIFIED
VOLUME XCI.— NCT~53.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY- JANUARY 22, 1002.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
' Wade is one of .the most '¦dangerous
crooks in the- country.' He- is" known Uo
the police of all the large. Eastern cities.
He. is aisosaid to have a bad record in
the Northwest. Ever since they came to
this ¦ city Wade ' "and - his -three partners
have .been in --.constant communication
with H. R. McNoble, who Is Moore's at
torney .at Stockton. : The police are in
clined; to believe that: the' quartet- went
out Monday.- night intending to blow open
The San Francisco Call.
SOME OF THE -PRINCIPALS IN THE DOUBLE TRAGEDY IN TH^E MIS
SION 'AND A :DIAGKAM . SHOWING ¦ THE MOVEMENTS OF THE DES
PERADOES BEFORE AND AFTER , THE SHOOTING OF POLICEMAN.
I ri ju red Footpad Is Jack Wade, Want=
ed for Burglary in Stockton.TWO PROMINENT FIGURES IN
/THE TRIAL IN PROGRESS AT
ALTURAS. : ; -
HONOLULU. Jan. 15.— So many burg
laries and petty robberies have occurred
ln Honolulu recently that there Is some
talk of a vigilance committee, and many
people have been- arming themselves to
protect their homes. Hold-ups .have been
very frequent lately in Honolulu. One
was reported last night, when J. Cheek
of the Bank of Hawaii had a -lively en
counter with a burglar, who chased him
t-rough several rooms with a knife.
Burglars Terrorize Honolulu Folk.
- AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 2L— It was learned
here to-day on reliable authority that the
Producers' Oil Company, which - was or
ganized under the laws Of Texas a few
days ago with a capital stock of $l,500,0(K),
Is a Standard Oil Company concern and
that John D. Rockefeller is. the principal
stockholder, although his name does not
appear in the list of directors of the cor
poration.
The day following the filing of its char
ter in the Secretary of State's office here
the corporation purchased fourteen acres
of land situated in the very heart of the
proved oil district of Spindle Heights. The
consideration is said to have exceeded
$3,000,000. The capital stock of the com
pany is fixed at a nominal figure, al
tnough Its sole purpose calls for the ex
penditure of many millions of dollars In
the wew field in the matter of building
and operating of oil pipe lines, refineries,
etc. It was recently reported that the
Standard Oil Company would enter the
Beaumont oil field under the name of the
National Fuel Oil Company, but it was
later decided to change the name of tho
corporation to the Producers' Oil Com
pany. , / . -:',i-J .; .¦:¦-£<;.;
but He Holds Control of
a Texas Concern. 7. U
Magnate's Name Does Not Appear,
EOCKEFELLEB BEHIND
¦c :=>; ",e £ NEW OIL COMPANY
The Minister recalled France's' ' recent
enthusiastic -welcome to the Czar; who
was then enabled to see the daily increas
ing support which the French army and
navy could give the allianceA The results
achieved, said M. Delcasse in conclusion,
were due to the constant support Par
liament had given the Government. The
Foreign Minister's statement was greeted
with prolonged applause. The Chamber
then proceeded: to discuss the various
clauses of the estimates, several of which
were adopted. After a spirited debate on
the subiect the Chamber, on the demand
of M. Delcasse. decided to maintain the
appropriation for the French embassy to
the Vatican by a vote of 341 to 206. This
appropriation had been suppressed by the
budget committee. The Chamber then ad
journed.
Regarding various questions raised by
M. Etienne". M. Delcasse replied that the
Government w*9 closely, -watching all
French interests. He spoke of the Franco-
Italian agreement on the North 'African
question; which had led to a complete, un
derstanding between the two powers, and
said that the relations of France with the
United States had become more friendly.
The Foreign. Minister also alluded to the
Franco-Russian alliance, which -was : the
result of perfect accord between ih.e in
terests- of France and Russia. ¦
France and the Czar.
Replsing to questions, the Foreign Min
ister. M. Delcasse, said France's position
in the world was satisfactory. He recalled
the signing' of the Chinese protocol, which
was to the honor of France, for France
succeeded in inspiring confidence among
the powers and in creating accord.
France's position in Turkey was second
to that of no other power. M. Delcasse
recalled the success of the Government's
recent action toward Turkey, which he
aald had, completely restored French in
fluence. ; ' .
It is said that M. Deschanel, the Presi
dent of the Chamber, has decided to in
tervene and end the incident, and that he
has ordered the words of M. d'Estour
nelles de Constant to be suppressed from
the report tot the sitting.
M. Secours (Republican) asked the For
eign Minister, M. Delcasse, tor put a stop
to the threats against the French estab
lishments on the French shore of New
foundland. M. Etienne (Republican)
made a. long speech, urging a more vig
orous defense of French interests where
they came in contact with those of Great
Britain. He called attention to the ef
forts of Great Britain to supplant French
influence on the Niger and in Abyssinia,
Morocco. Siam and the New Hebrides.
France, he said, ought to closely watch
the Persian Gulf. ': '
Intervention by Deschanel.
PARIS, Jan. 21.— During the debate on
the foreign estimates in the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Count Boni de Castellane
(Republican) asked for explanations of
the Government's policy. He complained
that the French policy In China gave
cause to doubt whether France had a
comprehensive plan of foreign policy, as
in the case oi Russia, uermany and
Creat Britain. The Deputy added that
he would like to see imperialism exist in
France as it did in Great Britain, Ger
many and the United States.
M d'-Kstournelles ae Constant (Repub
lican) condemned the increase in arma
ment and the expansion policy, which, he
raid, multiplied the chances of conflicts
and would lead to a frightful crash. He
regretted that France Had entered into
an imperialistic policy in acquiescing to
tne Europeanization of China.
AL Lastes (.anti-Semite) having inter
pellated a sarcastic remark, M. d'Estour
nelles de Constant retorted that he would
not be intimidated by Nationalists. The
remark offended M. Lasies, who sent sec
onds to M. d'Estournelles de Constant.
The seconds of M- d'Estournelles de
Constant and M. Lasies failed to agree
u.s to Whether the words of the former
Deputy constituted an insult. The sec
onds referred the question to arbitrators,
who were also unable to decide this point.
The seconds then threw up their mission.
President of the Chamber Intervenes
and the Shedding of Blood Is
Averted Without Great
Difficulty.
A Sarcastic Remark Causes
the Appointment of
Seconds.
French Legislators Talk
of' Duel at Their
Session.
Witness Tells of Heartlessness of Men Who Partici
pated in the Lookout Tragedy. ;
HOT WORDS
AROUSE RAGE
OF DEPUTIES
LYNCHERS SING SAINTLY HYMN
TO VICTIM MARKED FOR DEATH
When the case of the People vs. Brown
was resumed the usual quarrel was pre
cipitated by Raker offering as evidence
a photograph of a drawing of the Trow
bridge premises at Lookout, which he had
made some weeks ago, when Bob Court
wright was on the stand. The court ruled
at the time that the drawing could not be
permitted as an exhibit in the case, but
the defense had it photographed and of-
Quarrel Opens Proceedings.
"I wish your Honor would make an or
der for the Sheriff to burn up all the law
books In this courtroom."
After much argument and repartee the
court ruled that the petition was Insuffi
cient and told counsel they sould come
into court at any time with an amended
petition, and, if It were in proper, form
and according to law, it would be heard.
Both Raker and Spencer protested
vehemently, and Raker remarked:
Sturtevant, for the prosecution, ob
jected to the hearing on the plea for the
reason that the petition did not embody
sufficient cause for action. ¦
The habeas corpus proceedings" in the
case of E. S. Trowbridge, Orin Trow
bridge, Fred Roberts Harry Roberts, j.
R. Myers, R. L. Nichols, Joseph W. Lev
enton and Claude Morris, held in jail
here on warrants issued by Judge Har
rington on complaint of Mary Lorenz, the
half-breed daughter of Calvin Hall, a vic
tim of. the lynchers, came up for hearing
this morning and an hour and a half was
spent in argument. The defense claimed
that the men had been held in jail since
January 10 without having been accorded
a preliminary hearing, and that the cases
were dead for want of action.
It is reported to-night that Assistant
Attorney General Post will spring a sen
sation to-morrow by requesting Judge
Harrington to arraign a number of pris
oners that the defense tried to have re
leased to-day on writs of habeas corpus.
. heartlessness of members of the
mob that hanged Hall, his three
sons and Daniel Yantis at Lookout last
May. In the cross-examination of a
daughter of Judge Myers it was'brought
out that on the .evening of the lynching
the witness, John Hutton and Claude
Morris were in the parlor of My*rs' ho
tel, where the five prisoners were held.
The trio were singing hymns when aged
Calvin Hall, .in the custody of Brown,
came into the room. He was invited to
join in the singing, but declined,, saying
that he was unable to sing, but would
stand while the hymns- were rendered.
Then, with the knowledge that they were
soon to aid in hanging the fee the old man,
Hutton and Morris commenced the old
hymn, "When Shall I See Jesus?"
ALTURAS, Jan. 21.— An incident of
to-day's proceedings in the trial
of James W. Brown, the alleged
lyncher. gave evidence of the
These patents were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Robert H. Austin, San Francisco,
Jar closure; Louis --B. Chrlstopherson,
Stockton, assignor one-half to M. M. Gil
lespie,'San Francisco, device for forming
ornamental structures; Frank S. Church,
assignor one-half to L. Dolley, Sierra Val
ley, > hay-loading . apparatus: Isaac M.
Clark, Lompoc, wheel attachments for
children's. high chairs ;~ William W. Coz
ins, Linden, acetylene. gas generator; Shi.
loh W. Durham, San Jose, pen -holder;
John P. Everts, San Diego, hot-air silk
reeling machine; Thomas F. Hagerty. San
Francisco,; rotary cutter or pinking ma
chine; Elam Harter, assignor one-half to
V/ O.. Harter, Arlington station, fruit
picking sack; Thomas J. Hubbell, assign
or.to D. Hubbell and W. H. Ames Wat
sonville, protecting trees; George
Mitchell, -_Lps Angeles, copper smelting
furnace; Ellis H. Nicholson, Santa Maria!
hay-loading apparatus; '? Napoleon > B
Norfolk, San v Francisco, assignor two
thirds to R. - Marshall and G. Howard
Los Angeles, bevel./ ¦ . - *
v- Oregon— James D. Carter, Baker City,
f nut-gatherer. ,-.;¦-. ¦¦¦- f!
Navy orders announce that Naval Con
structor-T. F.-. Ruhm is ordered from
Newport News to Hongkong via the China
from San Francisco, February 7; Lieuten
ant F. Boughter to the Asiatic station
Via the China from San Francisco, Feb
ruary 7, for. duty on the staff of Rear Ad
miral Wildes.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Guy Stone is relieved from duty
at the General Hospital, Presidio of San
Francisco, and will proceed to his home
in Nashville, Tenn. First Lieutenant
Walter Cox, assistant surgeon, is ordered
from the Philippines to a San Francisco.
First Lieutenant James J. Mayes, Twen
ty-fourth Infantry, is ordered to Colum
bus Barracks for duty, with recruits for
the Philippines via San Francisco. First
Lieutenant Herbert M. Smith, assistant
surgeon, -is ordered from Fort Leaven
worth, Kansas," and First? Lieutenant Ed
•win»W. Rich, assistant surgeon, from Fc-t
Totten, New York, to the Philippines via
San .Francisco.
Washington : Original— Patrick Mul
cahy, North Yakima, $12; Charles E. Tru
ax, Alpowa,- $8. Increase — John W. Smith
dead, Everett, $12. Widow— Ann J. Smith,
Everett, $8. . ,
California: Original— William Dennison,
Fresno, $12; -Thomas Ji. Dwyer, Monticello,
$6; Isaac Newton Davis, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6; Byron A. Hadden, Klam
athon, IS. Increase — Harrison Trego, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Sarcal
Leon, San Francisco, $10. Mexican War—
Klisha Jackson Edwards, Norwalk, $12;
John j McKay,:. Los Angeles,^ $12; •William
R. Dryden, Hilton, $12; William T. Bur
ton, Soldiers' Home, Los" Angeles, $12;
John Noonan, Sonora, $12; Isaac D. Sne
decor, San Diego, $12. Widows— Blanche
E. Renaud, Stanford University, $8; minor
of - J. • Frank Newman, Santa Barbara,
$14. . ¦. . •••: - ¦ . • . ¦
' Oregon: Original— Owen Hatfleld, Day
ton, $8; Ezekiel Gillet, Pine, $8.
These pensions were granted:
Postmaster . appointed: ' California-
Eliza A. Stone, Belle Vista, Riverside
County>.vice Mary Huntoon, resigned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. ?1.-The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
More Pensions and Patents
.:...:, Granted.. ',;.
Change in the -Postal Service and
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC Q0 AST
The injection of the Darien route at this
time is. believed to be a bare-faced at
tempt to befog the situation, as the engi
neers on the commission have declared it
neither feasible nor practicable.
. Meanwhile, the Nicaragua and Panama
backers will pull and haul until the Sen
ate speaks, and that will not.be for sev
eral weeks,, and ¦ perhaps months.
Conservative Republican leaders are
not afraid of this talk, however, and say
the people prefer that Congress defer the
construction of the canal rather than
make a serious mistake through precipi
tate action, i -
Here is a new point against the Panama
route which will receive . consideration:
Opponents of .Nicaragua say the Panama
route can be- selected with $5,000,000 less
cost and maintained at an expense of
51,300,000 a year less than the Nicaragua
route. "Now it is asserted that Colombia
is disposed to demand an annual rental of
$1,500,UOO for the right of way along trw
Panama^ route, .whereas the Nicaragua
route is free. ; Friends, of the Hepburn
bill point to these figures and say that
instead of being the cheaper route, Pana
ma would mean an expenditure of $200,
000 more a year after the canal is built.
The canal, they declare, is a work for
«l e^.« and ln twe "ty-nvp years the J200,
000 difference would save J5.000.000, which,
it is alleged, can be cut off by selecting
the Panama route, and after -twenty-five
years the Government would save $200,
000 a year on the figures furnished.
But indefinite- delay is still declared to
be the chief move of. those, who urge the
Panama route, and here comes a little poli
tics. . It is said the Democrats will stand
firm for Nicaragua. to prevent agreement
on Panama, so that the session will come
to an end without a canal law. Then they
can go Into the Congressional campaign
next summer and charge the Republican
party with defeating or delaying canal
legislation in the Interest, of transconti
nental railroads. *¦-'
•¦-¦ ¦ ;.-—•¦¦ ¦ . . ¦• ¦• — : — ¦- ¦ *
v CALL BUREAU, 140fc G STREET, N.
W,. WASHINGTON, Jan. - 21,-Slsthmlan
canaPlegrislation will wait while Congress
ruminates on*; the' cud furnished by the
supplemental-report of the "Walker com
hiission,'¦,:' recommending the Panama
route. supporters are. not
feazed by the.comrril^sion's, action, but
are, tearing the' report ; to' pieces to show
the wisdom of the House in passing the
Hepburn bill has not been discredited.
¦ v. 3 X
* — . i —
Eaeclal.' Dispatch to- The Call.
Declared to Be a Bare-Faced
' Attempt to Befog the
: i .Situation'.
Injection of the Darien Scheme Is
After. Twenty-Five Years the
. -Government Would Save
; •'-';! . ; ; •- $200,000 a Year.
Adherents of Nicaragua
Say Canal Route Is
RAISE POINT
AGAINST THE PANAMA PLAN
And" works' off: the> cold. -'Laxative v Bromo
Quinine -.Tablets cure • a- cold in one 'day :'*No
Cure. No Pay. ' Price 25 cents. ....'•;.
Stops the '; Cough.
NICE. ¦ France, /Jan.' 21.— Don Carlos, the
Spanish pretender, by special" permission of the
French- Government.,, has; arrived here; on: a
vi^lt to his eon, i Don Jaime, who ; is . recovering
from an attack of diphtheria. '¦ f: !:¦«-••• ¦¦.'.-..
SAN JOSE, Jan." 2L-Alden Anderson of
Sulsun, president, of the. State League of
Republican Clubs," and SenatorTA;. J. Iki-"
kens of Oakland -are In the city, confer
ring with leaders of the local' Republican
party.: in" regard '. to the State meeting of
the ' league,, to; be, held: here' on April" 14,
15 and '. 16." i'[ This, evening; President r Ander-'
son met representatives . in | the St. 'James
Hotel. ;.. The old : fight '- between the Good
Government; League factions and Santa
Clara County Republican - League was re
newed,, and up to midnight little had been
accomplished, outside of the making c of
speeches.: .The. session was a lively one,
and for a- time' it looked < as though Ut
would break-up in a quarrel. - :: ¦ >
' President Anderson - appealed for • har
mony.'. It- was finally decided.; that *< E.
A. Hayes, president. of the Good Govern
ment •" League ;. D. F. ' McGraw, , president
of, the County Republican League; Daniel
McGInley,-. president of the * Army and
Navy League, and Dr. : M. A. Southwor.th
of , the Battlefield Veterans', Association
should : confer .with President "Anderson,
who should appoint the committee. .
Harmonize Warring Santa
• Clara Factions.
President Alden Anderson Seeks to
YLATSTNINQ * MEETING
OF. BEPITBLICAN' CLJ7BS
-Mrs. Gibbins' testimony was given -with
a certain amount of clearness, but she
contradicted hjersell.on several points and
her memory failed her at times when it
apparently should. have been clearer. :
Mrs. Gibbins said she saw- the masked
men' clearly, •¦ but could not approximate
the number' in the mob. She did not go
downstairs that night, but , went to bed
and arose at her usual hour in the morn
ing. She did not see Samuel Parks any
more that night.' -'• ¦ -. ¦¦¦ . , ¦
it was. a. bright moonlight night, 'and saw
them return to the hotel.. \ • .;• -.'..
. v Three-Cornered Repartee.
Here Raker asked Mrs. Gibbins if John
Hutton was not in the habit of <playing
"tag" with small children. An objection
was sustained. .< ,
Spencer— We want to show the mental call
1jer of. Hutton. . . =. .
; Post — Fools and children epeak the truth.-
Haker, sarcastically — The leader of the mob
was playing- with children.
.Post — Some of your .friends led the mob.
Raker — Don't you gag that down my throat.
I'll not stand it. Am I to stand here to be
hurt in that way, your Honor? ' -
The Judge — God bless your sweet little life,
Johnnie Raker, nobody wanted to hurt. you. •
This ended the direct examination and
Post took up the cross-examination. In
answer to his questions, Mrs. c.-^xns said
that the only reason she knew that Parks;
Erving Carpenter and Supervisor Dennis
Kane slept in the house that night waa
that she knew that they had been as
signed to certain rooms. . She said that
she was not frightened by what trans
pired downstairs; that her sister was at
tacked by a nervous spell in their moth
er's room, but made no noise. . - :
Mrs. Gibbins' mother has testified, that
her two daughters made a great disturb
ance. . •:¦-.•. •>.- . . . , V ¦;
Raker asked Mrs. Gibbins it ¦ she had
ever, previous to the lynching, heard De
fendant Brown or other alleged members
of the mob talk of the lynching. • She was
allowed to' say that,, she had never heard
her. father; speak of a possible lynching.
She said; that on the night of the tragedy
her father, went to bed before she retired.
She and her sister were awakened in the
middle of the night by. the tramping of
feet and went to .their mother's room.
They believed the prisoners were trying to
escape. Her father went downstairs. > ¦
•The prosecution objected to the method
of Interrogation adopted / by Raker,, and
he answered . that . he was "going , to ask
these questions as I wish. You . can ob
ject until you are black. in the face."
The witness said that she, made several
trips back to her. own room ' and i on one
occasion met Samuel Parks , going down
stairs. (Hutton. and Morris testified that
Parks was one of the lynching party.) \
Mrs. Gibbins said : that : the * hall ¦/ was
lighted; that she fully. recognized, Parka, i
and that he did not have a mask on. Sh«
said that her. father returned to : her
mother's room and on .the; way upstair*
said , he "would , kill one * of > them before
they, got out of the hotel." ,'¦:¦ ~ ~ \>~
' Mrs. Gibbins said .that during -one of
her trips . to her room she looked; through
the. windows and saw "Jim". Brown; the
defendant, and Sidney; Goyette among the
men 1 who were . walking- down to 'the
; bridge. She recognized them perfectly, a*
Awakened by Mob's Tramping.
"The map offered can be placed In evi
dence, to be applicable and operative only
since the time it was made, some time in
December. The map cannot be retroac
tive, except by proof and agreement."
Mrs. Oliver Gibbins, daughter of J. R.
Myers, alleged to be one of the lynchers
and owner of the hotel from which the
victims were taken on the 'night of the
hanging, was called to the stand. ' She
acknowledged her thorough acquaintance
with the hotel owned by her father and
Identified various rooms for the benefit of
counsel and jury. In answer to questions
by Raker, Mrs. Gibbins said that she was
in the hotel on the night before the lynch
ing, -May 30. After supper, she washed
the dishes, made bread and later sat on
the porch with John Hutton, the witness
for the prosecution, who confessed. She
had known Samuel Parks, / the . alleged
lyncher. He stopped at the hotel on the
nignt of the lynching.
. Abbot L. Green of Hayden Hill. Lassen
County, was called to the stand. The map
he made of Trowbridges store in Lookout
was exhibited and Green was questioned
upon his work. . The examination was a
technical one, but resulted In one or. two
quarrels between counsel and threads on
the part of Judge Harrington to punish
Raker for contempt. When it came- to
having Green's map filed as an exhibit,
the court said: . ' •. ¦ ¦ :
I C. E. Tolle, surveyor, who made the
maps oCthe Myers Hotel and other points
in Lookout pertaining to the lynching
case, was. on the stand again this after
noon. Having made certain additions to
his maps, as suggested by Judge Harring
ton, they were admitted as exhibits.
A. A. Smith, County Surveyor, testified
to having assisted Tolle in the work of
surveying the points around Lookout.
Tolle's Maps Are Admitted.
Sturtevant asked the court not to call
a recess as so little had been accomplished
during the morning session. Raker tried
to get in a few words, but was cut short
by the court again ordering a recess.
After the court had left the room the
jury, in consultation, protested against
the numerous early adjournments result-
Ing from the actions of counsel, the court
frequently declaring a -recess to cut off
the unpleasant arguments that have char
acterized the case from the beginning.
Raker to offer the photo
graph In evidence, as a refused exhibit.
The court took the photograph and hand
ed it to Russell, the photographer, who
'was on the stand,- telling him to put it
into his pocket. Raker protested that the
photograph was his private property and
the court said that he would put it into
the stove if the subject were not dropped.
High words followed and the court cut
the argument short by. ordering a recess.
fered the photograph as an exhibit ' this
morning.
.The -court sustained an objection, say
ing that he had- ruled on this question
several times and that Raker was in con
tempt of court for attempting to introduce
a photograph as evidence in the face of a
contrary ruling by the court.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO .': CAt,L, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22; 1902.
2
AJVEBTISEIVrENTS.
% GENUINE §
Jk REDUCTION SALE I
M B&$nk to* 60 days £j
Wl V&tyi discount on our former E
In Prices. See windows. H
Wfl JOE POHEl^ I
/ If 1 The Tailor a
I Wi *f 201 mo 203 MoxTsoMEur Street §
I H 1 1110 mo 1112 Hmket Street H
I H ij SAN PRAMOiaCO ' FA
. 143 South Spriis street M
¦ When Prof. Munyon says his Rheumatism
Care will core rheumatism there isn't any guess*
Work about it— there isn't any false statement about
It. It cures without leaving any ill effects. It is a
aplendid stomach and nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for. rheumatism.
-All the Munyon remedies are just as reliable, 35c
rial. The Guide to Health is free. Munyon, New
Vork and Philadelphia. . • • -;
MDSTOVMXaAlEB CUBES CATABBH. i
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SI.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
BA1XWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.'
iical Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 n
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p. 1:30 a 8:11 p
. " Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
»¦•' Hanrord. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a..
" Visalia.. 3:39p....... 5:00a
,. '*. Bakersf d 6 :15 p( 5 :20 p| 7 :43' a
" Kan. City .......I 2:40 at 7:30 a
" Chicago.. | f 2:15 p| 9:00 p|
a for morning, p for afternoon. '
9:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local- first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. dally
4:20. p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12-30
p. m. dally.
8p.'m. ia the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining. Chair Cars to Chtcajro- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p m"
daily.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley Cort
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m" daily
Offices— 641 Market atreet and to Ferry
Sand rran c>a«>: 1112 Broadway^
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 29 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
'AND SAN RAFAEL. -^^*
WEEK DATS — 6:65, 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a. m
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. •B:13. 8:45 pm
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and' San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— *8:00, »10:00 »ll:30 a. m »1-13
3:15. »4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. "' '
Trains marked (*) run to San Queztin " *
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
1 WEEK DATS— «5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:U5 10-15
a, m., *12:25, 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •10:0O 'll-is ¦ m
: «l:40, ••3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. ' * J *• m --
Trains marked (•) start from San Qucntln
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. < 7:35 8 55 10-^i
a. m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdaya at 7:10 and 10:35 p m 3aays
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m. 1206 o. 15
3:30.,B:00, 6:45 p. m. .* , "•¦*•"•
~y THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wav
stations, f
•- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ' •
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. - • . ¦
Legal. Holiday. boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. • ¦
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY \
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive i
San Fran. • Foot of Market St. San Fran. ]
n^ & '^u..^^.^. S«»- Week ;
F.r., Sm F«adj»» U Summit mil lUtum. tl.OP. 1
BabtOScca, «21 11ASJUST 8TBXXT aad SACSAUI0 mil ]
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABXT ST. Established *
in 1854 for the treatment of Private t
Di.ifa.ses, Lont Manbood. . Debility or
dlM>asf> weoringon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when .
others fail. Try him. Charges low. -
CarMpuaranlffd. C:illorwrU* <
' Dr. Jl. S*. MIBBOS. Sail Iniwlwa <••!. •_ .
) BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFICET
Vralas l*i»vf> nml «ri> rine to i»rrl»» *• j
MAN PllAN«:iMro. ;
(Main Lino. Foot of Mark»t 3>wtl) -
j tMAT* — JmoM DKcmBKm 6. I30L — a*»it«
I TsOOi, Benlcd*. Suiaun. Elmira *nJ Sacrv
| memo ...,..,. 8:3-lV
, TsOOa VuaTilla, Wlatnn,'Eum*«y ttiip
IiSOa Marttiim. Sau lUmou. Valiajo. Napa.
Culiatiga and .Santa Iloaa OiC-if
»<OO* Onri.1. Wuudiaud. Kaigaw I»adlag.
*!»!•»«» Ills. Oro»ill».. 7:55r
8:oo» a tltntlc Kxpreii— Ogtleu aad Eaat »«J*
¦iOOa Nilea, Lathrop, Stockton "SsS-if
»t»9x KUea,' Mendota, Hanford. Vinlia,
Porterrtllo 4dl3»
•t*»A Shasta ExprfM-DaTls, WillUmg (for
BarUstk SprtngsX WIUovs. Bad
¦ Bluff. Portlsud... 7tSa»
¦t»»A 8>u Jme, UvcnBore, • Stockton.
lone, Haer»meut<\ naoenUIa,
Murjg.llle, Chico. UikUHiiO 1 4iS»r
•tSO* Oakdale, ObtneM,Sononk Tuolnmns 4iSS»
»!O(»a HarwurJ. Nile* sod W»j SUUou*.. 1 I«-V»a
•«««AVaUejo 1»>93»
¦>«*A Loa Annl« Xxpresa — Martlnax.
Tr»cy, luj.cl.rop, .Stockton. Mexeed
Frea»o and lot AageTea 7:3.1^
•tSOt Vallejo, MartiiMs ami Vtzj Atattona 7iMr
I 0:00a The 0»erlam». Llmlt«d-Ogden, Voa-
Ter, Omaha Ohieaffn »>»»»
tltOOr Sacraineiitc. Dim Htaamara |tl:UU»
•••Wr Beiilela, Winter*. Haeramento.
1 Woodland. KululiU UwlIiK.
Uaryiivllli>, Oroillla IO:3.-»»
•tSOp Haywwil, Nllrt ami Way SUttont.. 7:339
4itto r Martlura. Man lUmnn. ValUK
.^^_ N»p«. «?»ll»lo»». H<»t» Iton t»i».1»>
«rt»«r NUea. LlTennoro. Stockton. Lodl... l»»a»» '
*''l"e Hajward. Nile..; HauJ..»«. £j»#rmor» »-»:"»5a
«<St»r Th» Owl Umited — Frano. Tul»n>.
BakenflHltl, Mangua for Santa liar*
uara, U>» Auc«lea...... ii3J*
Bi»«F Port Coat*, Tracy. Uthrcp, Stockton I »«3*
SiOOr Martinrz. Antloch. Stockton. Mar-
oed. Fresno lSx2.1y
••••p Raf ward. Kites and San Jo*» »ia*4
1«iOi>r Vallejo ItiSS*
¦tO«r Oriental Alall— Ogrfen, Denrer.
Oinaba. St I/iuls. Chloign 4 (23*
7l«0r Oregon aud California ICi|>rm» .«»o.
miiimitu. lM«ry«tll!«. !:«..!.'l!»*.
r«rtl»n.l. l'ii B »k riu.i.,.1 a.,,1 Kaak StSS*
•*MrS«B Pablo. Fork (,'onta. Uartlaes
.. «« •¦••! Wa» 8taUou« t»:2»*
_t«tO^p Vall^n ..". ?;.¦>¦!;
',.¦-.. COAST LINE O'urrnif limine).
" (Foot of Mi.rk<it3tr8et.) .
- k<i:»ANewaTk.C«t>tar«llle.3an.Joae.F'i»iko«..- ' . *
"-¦ ¦ : ¦ IIo»l<lerCrKek.»aiitaO>usaudWay
_^ 8taU<».a 5,a»»
t*>li>v Nairnrk. OnlerTillo, Man Joae, ffm
AhintilMu, Fvtton, lionltlar C'raek,
. 8.t!iU Crux aad Vriuclpat Way
;•'¦¦'*;? 8b»Uon« i«it.nn«
«il.1p Newark. Nan Joae. I.o« Galon 11:5l»A
«9.3op Hunters" Train— San Joi« and Way
• Statlona » I1.tn»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fnmSAJ FilRCIsCO— raoi a lUrkit tout (Slia 8>—
t7:16 9.00 U:00».M. 1:03 3:J0 B:I5r.ai.
Frm OHl* »B_|ri«i •¦ Brwd mt.— fis : oo i&M IS.Ot
lOiOOa.M. 12:CQ 8.03 i:C3r.ii.
COAST IilNE (llrnml Jirnij-B).
- - (ThirJ and Tov*nM:ul Slat)
Oilo a San Joaeand Way Mtatioua....^.... Httui
7:IM>.\ Han Just* ami Way .SUtii>nn... fS:»nfl>
, /7i«»«* Now Ali.-H.ln. / I:||>«
•tOWA Ceost Lira Umited — San .Tom*.
Gllrnjr, Halluaa, San Lul» Oblspo,
". - - ¦ bantu Barbara, I-<w Angt-Un and
principal intermediate sUvicns.... 10:499
BiOOAftaii .limn. Trei I'luos. Shu tit t'rtix.
Titclile Urow. i-aUms. Han I.ui*
Ob.'spo and Principal iuierm«dl»M
Kt»t»..i.« > <:»!?»
1i»::iOa Saa Jcse and Way Statlooa. w«3«a
IIi.IOa Han Joanai.tt Way MUtfima :».!«»
t»: -la? Man M*tro, Kmlwoo)!. Menlu Paik.
Pain Alto. MauU Clara. San Jo««.
Trsii Piaoa. Santa Crux. Sallnaa.
lluni«r«r»ri.l l'»oillc liruft |IOr«S k
8:3«irSan JoMaml Way SUtluua. lslti*a>
I4il-'»f San Jose and Prli.ciral Way Muttona 5t3o#
4t30r Suiwt Ilrr.ited— Mondays, Wednri-
dsra. Friday*, for L01 Anse!?», £3
Pato New Orleans and New York..
ArriTes Sundajs. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOi19a>
tStOOpSan Joat% Los Gatos aud rrincipal
War Stations ' t*>O<#a
StSAr San .lose »ml Principal Way Stations «t»«»t"
6::tiM> Shi. .Ion- nml W'»y .Sr.a :tons ?>.?O9
7:00r Xfw Orleana Exprena — f»u Lnia -
;'.-¦/• :. ObUpo. SauU Baihara, Lea An-
' roIps. I> mine. El Paao, New Or-
l-nns and Ease 7>3*>a.
«ll:4.tp San .Nhwui.I Way -Stations 7»34>a?
A (or Muruiug. I* for A f temoou.
tHiin.'lay MwptsA t hunday only.
__a Saturday only. /Tu«idayn »ud Friajyt^
CiLIFORNIA NORTflWESTERiX RY. COL
LESSEES
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClfli
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SS.
Ean Francisco 10 Saa Rnfaol.
WEEK DAYS— T:30, 9:00, ll:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:80 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip "at 11:30 p. m. Saturdaya— Extra trips
at l:5O and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 8:30, U:C0 a. m.; l;30, 3:00.
5:00, 8:20 p. m.
6aa Uuiua'- to t*tm Fpbd:1*ch.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 8:20. 11:10 a. nx:
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdaya — Extra*
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5 :05. 0:25 p. m. ' j
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28. 11)01 [ San Franclsca
Week I Sun- I I I fun- I Week
Days. I daya. | Destination 1 daya. | Days.
7 -30am I 8: 00am | Novato, 10 :40am ( 8:40am
3:30pm 9::i0ami Petaluma. C :05pm 10:25am,
5:10pm| 5:C0pm|Santa Rosa. 7:35pm[ «:20pm
Fulton,
1 -30am Windsor, . 10:23am
5:C0pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
; Geyserville,
3:30pm S :00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pin,
7-30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:U3pm B:2Opitw
7:30am| ]~~ ~ 10 :40am |10:25ani
8:00am| Guerneville. 7:35pmi
3:30pm! 5 :00pm | I 6:20pm TV ;
7:30am 8:00am! .Sonoma- 8:15am S:40am
I and
5:10pm| 5:00pm|Glen ElKn. 6:05pm 6:20pn>
7:30am| S:00am| * |10:40am|10:23am
3:30pm| 5:00pm[ Sabastopol. | 7:35pm[ 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs. Kelsey-
I ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; 'at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lior ley's"
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvtiie Orr'a
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal, Willits. Laytonville. Cummin*'
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ' ' l^tiktlKt0t IP lfc^*jaCUal|M|
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- '
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronicle
building. IJiTJ ifcjaV i» Jut>»a
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. .
' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
'^^^ w^^g^^^^^^^^ mm^
Weekly CaU,$l.o6 per Year
; v ADVEBTISEMENTS. - .
..That is dyspepsia. - • .
It makes life miserable. ; - • .
Its sufferers eat not because they want to.
•but simply because they mutt. :
They kno# they are irritable and fretful;
bat they cannot be otherwise. '¦'¦:
- . They ; complain of a bad taste in the
mouth, a. tenderness at the pit of the stom-
ach, an 1 ; uneasy ¦ feeling ' of puffy } fulness,
headache, heartburn and what not. •
Thcf effectual remedy,. proved by perma-
nent cures of thousands of severe cases, is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Hood's Pills are the best cathartic. . "¦¦
»¦-¦;-••- :¦.- ¦-. -¦¦••¦I- - • ¦•/- ¦-: - -" , ,:.¦
'f\ I rr nni/t I Corne r Fourth and
I ALL UllVnl Mar ket. S. F. Try
lUrrnlllUl ¦ our SP^al ' Brew.
Unl L lIUinL f^ve^o^fn 1 ,
CLEARANCE SALE OF PIANOS and ORGANS
The Wiley B. Allen Co,, at 933 Market street, are now offering for sale all
the pianos and organs which they now have in stock at prices which will prove
interesting to the most conservative buyer. '¦ -; ¦ ¦ i
We are doing this for the reason that we do not want to take any of thess
goods to our new warerooms now being fitted up for us at 931 Market st.
To-d»Iy we offer for sale a number of used pianos and organs at the follow-
ing prices; to wit: •>
UPRIGHTS. . SQUARES
Kinpbury. Oak flS.% u K ht & Co *. ..« 8 5
Willard. Mahogany ........;;...'..... 155 "¦Weber... Tr.V. 135
Concver. Oak 32U . Wood worth & Co ¦'.{< 35
Mason & Hamlin '..; 1I>5 ORGANS
Sohmer,- Walnut 34O Western Cottage .R 43
Cable, Mahogany ..-.. 2CO 'A. B. Chase 3S
Ludwle. Mahogany .-.;.. S45 Beethoven ..". 25
Martin. Oak .....;.... ... 1KO Estey— Piano Case— 7 oct.V.V.....v.. lao
Heroine & Long. 135 Melodeon 20
Our' warerooms will be open evenings during this sale. Put a few. dollars
in your pocket and come in and see us. Be particular to remember the location. .
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
933 Market . Street,
Between ; Fifth and Sixth, Opposite Mason.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Try The .H-O Co.'s" Cornstarcb
for blanc mange, custards, etc.
H /^\ (Hornby's Steam Cooked
"~ V_>/ Oatmeal) is the highest
achievement in break-
, fast foods, the responsible foundation
;, of the present health of thousands of
people all over the world.SCHOOL DIRECTOR CASSER
LY.'S SUCCESSOR, AND MAN
WHO DISPLACES WILLIAMS.
tors Mark and Denman and they may de->
ci(Jfr to resign before "submitting to the or
deal of replying to them. It is alleged
against Mark and Denman that they act
ed" ¦with prejudice in the matter- of re
moving teachers who were given a trial.
Principal among thaC accusers of the two
Directors is former . Vice Principal Ebe
nezer Knowlton, recently dismissed from
.the department, who, with his attorney,
Henry C. McPIke, has placed the # matter
before the chief executive.
Knowlton alleges that he was con
demned even before his trial commenced
on the charges preferred by Principal Ly
ser of the John Swett School. He fur
ther alleges that the trial was not fairly
conducted and that no attention was paid
to his evidence, which he asserts utterly
destroyed the testimony that he was in
competent. Knowlton refers to a remark
made by Director Mark, in support of his
contention, to the effect that Principal
Lyser's testimony was lamentably weak
and that it did not support the charges
that were made against Knowlton. Di
rector Mark said further that "Knowlton
always did talk too much. This board
suspended him once and other boards
have done likewise." Knowlton claims
that this is an open admission that he
was not tried on the evidence, but on the
belief existing in the minds of the Direc
tors. All this • and considerable of like
import has been placed before ,' Mayor
Schmitz, who promises a speedy inquiry.
Teachers Not Legally Tried.
Another line of Inquiry to be pursued
by the Mayor is that 6f the course oi
Phelan's board in trying accused teach
ers on its own responsibility, when the
charter specifically . provides that the
charges must first be investigated by the
Superintendent and report made by him
to the board. -
Denman and -Mark, as the remaining
members of the board, will be asKed to
explain why they "stood in" to ignore the
report of Superintendent Webster that
the charges filed against certain teach
ers were frivolous and that the accusers
would not swear to them, as the law pro
vides. In the face of that report, the
board proceeded to try several teachers,
some of whom secured restraining orders
in the courts, while others lost their po
sitions.. All this Denman and Mark will
have. to explain and the questioning may
become so warm that they, like Casserty,
may realize the advisability of resigning.
Political Complexion of Board.
The father of School Director Wood
ward was the owner* of the Alta. a news
paper which was successful for many
years. The new Director is associated
with a printing firm, is a graduate of the
University of California and a civil en
gineer by profession. He is a member of
the present Grand Jury, but will Immedi
ately resign therefrom. He was president
of the Primary. League and a director in
the Glen Ellen Home for Feeble Minded.
Casserly, the retiring Director, was a
Democrat. The charter requires that
"the board shall never be so constituted
as to consist of more than two members
of the same political party." The three
remaining members of the board are re
spectively Democrat, Republican and
Union Labor, thus leaving the Mayor the
vower to appoint a member of any of the
three parties to the .vacant place.
Mayer Schmitz issued the following
statement yesterday afternoon explain
ing his reasons for appointing Woodward.
In making a selection for the vacancy on the
Board of Education I desire a man of experi
ence in the school department of this city,
and one acquainted with the educational needs
of the people and their children.
Experiment has demonstrated that
professional educators have not given
general satisfaction either to the pub
lic or to the teachers of the depart
ment. I want the teachers within th?
limits of their rights ;to be satisfied
and to bs treated fairly, so that they
will cheerfully and enthusiastically
give their best to the education of
their pupils, and take a cordial inter
est in their work.
The prominent men in the Union Labor party
open to accept appointments at my hands are
in my opinion from their experience and quali
fications better suited for and would prefer
other positions. I have therefore decided to
tender the place to a gentleman of the Re
publican party, whom I have known Inti
mately for many years, and who was not a
candidate for the place.
Secret sessions of the board, or, as the
It now- looks las .though the. city will'
soon have a Board of Education the mem
i bers of which will be entirely of Mayor
. Schmitz's appointment.' . Charges have
.been filed with the Mayor against Direc-
;//.'; '." pointed as a'Republican. 'He
was elected School Director 5 for * three
terms, serving from 1886 until 1892. ; .
_^ ATOR SCHMITZ yesterday
P^^Q appointed Thomas P. Wood
•I 9 \ward . as' School Director to
I fa succeed J. B. Casserly, whose
•I; ' - H - enforced resignation •was ac-
A. ML cepted. Woodward' was ap-
The delegation consisted of Gustave
Schnee. Max Popper. Peter Stelberg. J.
L. Cutter, "W. L. Coles and George H.
Koundey. The resolution, which has
been published in, full In The Call, recites
that Colonel Mendell draws- ray from the
United States Government as & retired of
ficer besides collecting his salary »rom the
city which Is prohibited by the charter.
Again it asserts that Mendell, by reason
of advanced age, is incapacitated from
doing proper work. Schnee addressed the
Mayor regarding the alleged extrava
gance of the Board of Works. The sten
ographer took careful notea of the re
marks, and the Mayor promised to mak»
an impartial investigation of the charges.
A delegation from the Federation of
Mission Improvement Clubs waited on
Mayor Schmitz yesterday morning and
formally presented a resolution adopted
by the federation calling upon the Mayor
to remove from his office Colonel George
H. Mendell. president of the Board of
Public Works.
former president was pleased to term
them, "council meetings," are to be dis
continued. Superintendent Webster and
Director Roncpvieri are both in favor of
transacting the business In public The
charter gives the Police Commission
alone the right to hold executive sessions.
An exception will be made in the case
of a teacher whose reputation or compe
tency Is called into question and charges
regularly preferred. Superintendent Web
ster is of the opinion that in such cases
it Is but fair to the accused to hold exec
utive sessions, as he or she might be
proven guiltless of the charges.
Webster will begin his battle to-day for
additional accommodations for pupils in
many of the schools by recommending
that new classes be established In the ,
Buena Vista, Edison, Agassiz, Haiffht/
Henry Durant and Monroe schools. The
board' has already signified Its intention
to form new classes in three of tha
schools.
Superintendent "Webster will submit
at to-day's meeting the report of
his investigations into the charges
of dereliction of duty preferred
against Physical Director Magnus. Tho
outlook, for Magnus retaining his position
is dark, for "Webster •will recommend that
the position be abolished. From written
reports filed by principals of several
schools it Is shown that during the entire
year of 1901 Magnus devoted a total of but
110 hours to the work for which he was
employed, and for this he drew $2700 from
the city's coffers, which Is at the rate
of about $25 per hour.
The Rothschilds now employ 27,000 men
In their various copper mines.
Mayor Appoints Thomas P. Woodward School Director
to Succeed John B. Casserly, Resigned.
SCHMITZ TELLS WHY HE SUSPENDED WILLIAMS.
SHORTLY after my election my attention was
called by a friend to a carload of deputies, clerks
and other officials bound for tlie ferry to take the 1:30
o'clock boat to the racetrack at Emeryville. I was as
tounded when the names of at least a dozen on that
car were given me. I was expressing/ my surprise at
the audacity of these employes, when, on the next car,
another group was pointed out to me, also bound for
the racetrack, among them being Mr. Williams. On the
preceding car had been at least: two of his deputies,
his duties. If the work of the office can be done zvithout
their attending to it, their positions should be declared
vacant and the amount of their salaries left in the city
treasury.
' -I fiave information that the amounts of money lost
by some of these municipal officials in betting at the
racetrack far exceeds their salary, and have been ad
vised to havejheir financial accounts experted. I pro
pose to ; do this also: \ I mean this suspension as an ex
ample and warning. — Statement by Mayor Eugene E.
Schmitz.
and, as this was a business day, it struck me as a
most outrageous proposition that both. principal and dep
uties should thus neglect their duties. I decided to in
vestigate the matter fully and these charges are ' in a
measure the product of that investigation.
Mr. Williams' office is not the only offender in this
regard. There are deputies and clerks in the Sheriff's
office, and in the County Clerk's office also, who are
also daily frequenters of \ the < racetrack. I am deter
mined to 'put an end to these practices. During my
term of office every municipal employe must attend to
Hungry Porto Eicans in Jail.
HONOLULU. T. H.. Jan. 15.—Twenty
four destitute Porto Rlcans were arrested
to-day and taken to the police station.
All of them had left sugar plantations,
hoping to find easier jobs in Honolulu
than they had in the cane fields. They
will be offered opportunities to go back
to -work, or will be prosecuted for va
grancy. Most of the lot were hungry
when taken by the police as they gathered
In front of the office of the Associated
Charities. The Porto Rlcans are the only
class of people who have been known to
reach this condition in Hawaii. There are
many of them already serving terms as
vagrants, and it is thought that the re
cent frequency of small robberies, bur
glaries and hold-ups Is largely due to
them. /
ents live in Grand . Junction, Colo. The
body was buried at \ Forty-Mile.
. . . .r Magic. ..
Xb« way Salva-cea cures Files.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 21. — George Gard
ner, who has for a long period conducted
the resort known as Gardner's, near the
Big Trees, was killed In the Morgan Hill
mine last night, and Fred Dunsmore and
Gus Her6hberg were Injured, the latter
probably fatally. The accident occurred
at 11 o'clock. In the darkness Gardner
failed to notice that a platform, used to
cover the mouth of the shaft when the
cage Is at the bottom, was not In its
place, and he pushed the empty car into
the shaft, supposing that* the cage was
there to receive it. He went down a dis
tance of 170 feet with the car. A projec
tion in the shaft penetrated his groin and
he bled to death in fourteen minutes. One
of his arms was broken and he received
internal Injuries that would have proved
fatal. •
Dunsmore and Hershberg were standing
beside the cage when the car-struck anq
were saved from instant death only by the
cage breaking the fall of the car. As It
was, Hershberg sustained fractures of
two ribs and internal injuries that may
cause his death. Dunsmore's injuries are
not serious. . - ..
•. Gardner was 36 years old. His aged
mother and a sister. Mrs. Harvey Blood,
daughter-in-law, of Senator Blood of Cal
averas County,, survive him.", -
PlyATTSBURGH, Mo., Jan. 21.— Mrs.
Addle L. r Richardson faced a jury of farm
ers , in" the Circuit ; Court ', here to-day and
her trial for the murder, a; year ago last
December / of her husband, Frank W.
Richardson, a wealthy merchant, at their,
home In Savannah, Mo.,' began lnearnest.'
Mrs. Richardson- was surrounded by. her
three youthful sons and several • other
members of her family and that ' of the
man : whom she Is ¦ charged' with murder-
Ing, Including his brother, ' John ; D. Rich
ardson, the cracker millionaire of Chi
cago. . , ' : '..-¦ • v : :
', . The prosecution under th© indictment of
murder In the first degree is based ion the
proposition that the prisoner either killed
her : husband . or - knows who did. ••. The - be
lief 'that all. members of the , Richardson
family have all along expresesd in the In
nocence : of the : widow, appears ' to . be un
shaken»by the ' recent arrest • at '•¦ ¦ North
Yaklma, Wash., of Stewart < Fifer the
former : business associate of Richardson,
or ; any information that? may have *- de
veloped In the last year. The Prosecuting
Attorney. in opening* the case said:i
"As ' a motive we ¦ will try to show : that
Mrs. Richardson i was intimate
with Stewart Fife and -we expect to show
that Fife was in -the, neighborhood of the
house that nitfht." ., ,
s -" ¦:¦¦ ¦ , ¦...;¦ ¦ - •¦ ¦• ¦
HAMBLETON, W. Va., Jan. 21.— About
4 o'clock this morning Camp 5, of « the
Otter Creek Boom . & ; Lumber Company,
several miles from here in the forest, took
fire and burned so rapidly that seven of
the- forty men asleep in the building
failed to get out" and were burned to
death. The dead: . . I
JOHN MORRISSET., ¦
JOHN RILEY.
GEORGE VAN HORN.
ARTHUR HEDRICKS. .
THOMAS HICKEY.
MIKE CRANNON.
FOREST MANARD.
Bud Welch was so badly burned that
he is in a critical -condition. .; It -was not
more than five minutes from the time
the alarm was given until there. t was
no chance to escape. The building ,i was
22x20 ,feet ; and "the upper part was all in
one room. In this the forty men . were
sleeping. Two very small windows and
•the narrow stairs afforded the only. ways
of escape, , and those . who , went to the
windows, a dozen or more, had to ; jump
twelve or fifteen feet, the j others rushing
down the steps like sheep, pushing and
tumbling and falling over each other. .
DAWSON, Jan. 8 (via Seattle, Jan. 21). —
Mrs. B.,Morrlll has Just been married In
Dawson ! to C." A. Morrisson, after a . trip
of 1500 miles from * Seattle. Traveling up
the coast by steamer, she took the train
over White Pass to White Horse. From
there she came 500 miles in a 1 sleigh of the
White Pass route,' drawn by, four horses
over the perilous, trail .before the ice was
entirely ; safe jfor the .winter.
\; Twice the Ice broke Immediately behind
the ; sleigh after it ,had passed over. 'and
the*, bride-elect fainted. The first -break
was on the -river ; a little; below."- White
Horse and the second was, on -the .Yukon.
When \ on . the- cutoff : above ' Selkirk ;the
sleigh' was- overturned on a side hill and
all ; the ', passengers save : the bride-elect
were ¦ thrown ; from the ; rig: She was
pinned ? . beneath, but fortunately was not
The first freight to arrive in Dawson
over the ice from White Horse this year
comprised a heavy slelghload drawn ; by,
four horses for ¦ the United States, army
at. Fort* Egbert and : Eagle." . -/¦ -
s Ray; Stewart, a* brother of Greg Stew
art, one' of the first men to stake -on Bo
nanza in : 1896, ' died .at Forty-Mile « a { few
days ago. Ho .was 19 years old. His pax-
Crowded Loggers* Abode
in West Virginia Is
Burned.'
George Gardner Meets
Death Near Angels
Camp.
Farmers to Determine
Pate of Mrs. Ad die
, Richardson! 1 /
Bride-Elect's Thrilling
; Winter Journey to
Dawson.
TRIAL SAVORS
OF SENSATIONS
SEVEN MEN MEET
DEATH IN FLAMES
PLUNGES DOWN
SHAFT OF MINE
BRAVES YUKON'S
PERILS TO WED
It is expected that Chief Clerk Fredrick
will appoint the following named as his
deputies: George F. Auberdine, John W.
Rogers. James De Succa and James Rox
burg. The retention of Rohert Dennis is
also expected.
The deputies who were served with the
notice of suspension are P. H. Prender
past. James Craven, J. S. "Wardell, George
S. McComb and J. E. Sharp.
Dear Sir: Your services as deputy clerk of
the -Justices' -court -of the cUy and county 1 of
San Francisco are hereby dispensed with dur
ing the period of the suspension of E. W. Wil
liams, chief clerk, and you are hereby sus
pended from duty as such deputy during; the
period of such susoenslon. Signed
POWEL FREDRICK. Chief Clerk. Jus
tices' Court, etc. .
With the exception of* Robert Dennis
all the deputies in the office were at once
suspended from duty by Fredrick, who
served each of them with the following
notification:'- .
Last evening Powell Fredrick took for
mal possession of the office of the clerk
to the Justices of the Peace.
Fredrick has resided in this city for the
past ten years and has been engticed in
the wholesale jewelry business at 220 Sut
ter street. He managed the recent cam
paign for Mayor Schmitz and his many
friends are delighted at his selection for
official duty by the Mayor.
Powel Fredrick, who has been appointed
by the Mayor to discharge the duties of
chief clerk to the Justices of the Peace,
was sworn in last evening by Deputy
County Clerk W. A. Deane. Fredrick fur
nished his bonds and will assume his
duties this morning.
Those of the delinquent officials who
had been away from their desks during
the day were informed of the suspension
of Williams later on and warned to be at
their desks this morning
R^\n if the Mayor finds that every of
ficial in the city's employ strictly attends
to his duties from now on, past offenses
will not be condoned. The list of sus.
pected and accused officials is safe in the
Mayor's possession and there is likely to
be an upheaval in the ranks of those who
hold their positions on account of the
political "pull" of Boss Crimmins and his
crowd. .
Heads Scheduled for the Ax.
suspension spread around the City Hall at
the close of office hours and consternation
was expressed on all sides.-
UNION LABOR - COMMITTEE
' COMMENDS MAYOR SCHMITZ
You will please take notice also that I have
appointed and do hereby appoint Powel Fred
rick to discharge the duties of your said office
during the period of your suspension, to whom
you will at once turn over and deliver pos
eession of your; of flee, and all books, papers,
records and property thereunto belonging.
Yours, etc., E. E. SCHMITZ.
Mayor of the City and County of San Fran
cisco.
"When Williams was notified of his sus
pension from office he rushed at once to
the Mayor's office, but did not find the
city's chief executive. The news of the
I do not desire to exercise my prerogative of
removing you for cause without affording you
ample hearing.
The Mayor on receipt of the sworn copy
of the charges at once sent "Williams a
copy of the same and at the same time
the accused clerk of the Justices of the
Peace was served with the-following-let
ter EUspending'Win from office: j
E. W. Williams, Chief Clerk of the Justices
of the Peace of the City and County of San
Kranclsco^Sir: Duly verified charges Having
been filed with me charging you with willful
neglect of duty and official misconduct, which
charges I have investigated sufficiently to Jus
tify this action, I do hereby suspend you from
the office of chief clerk of the Justices of the
Peace of the city and county of San Francisco,
pending: an official Investigation of said
charges. I have caused you to be served here
with with a copy of the charges and I hereby
notify you that on Monday, January 27, 1902,
at 2 o'clock p. m., I will proceed to investi
gate said charges at my office in the City Hall.
San Francisco, at which time you are hereby
notified to- be present to make such defense to
the same as you may be advised.
The Mayor Takes Action.
1902 — January 7, 8, 9. 11, 14 and 17. (Thir
teen days.) ,_ -
The following days were Sundays and holi
days, when he was not required to ' be at his
office:
lflOl— December 8. 15. 22. 25 and 20.
1902 — January 1. 5. 12 and 19. (Nine, days.)
The following days were Mondays, on which
the Board of Supervisors meets. Mr. Williams
always seemed' much interested in their busi
ness. December 16, 23, 30, 1901; January 13,
20. 1902 (five days).
This accounts for forty-two days of the forty
6even intervening between December 4, 1901,
and January 21. 1902. *
Since December 4. 1901, the following are
the only afternoons I know him to have been
on duty at his office: January 15 (Interested
In Investigation of A. B. Mahony — all on
hand) and January 6 (at Board of Supervisors.
etc.. Interested in question of commencement
of term).
On one day. January 16, I was 111 and do
not know where ¦Williams was. On the other
days not reported on I could not ascertain
where he was.*
1 charge the foregoing as violating the char
ter and the law and as good cause for hie re
moval from the office of chief clerk as afore
said.
1S01— December 4. 6. 7. 10. 12. 14 and 24.
On the followir.fr days he spent his' entire
afternoons at the Emeryville racetrack. Sev
eral of Ms deputies frequented there at the
same time. He took the 1 :30 p. m. beat
usually, sometimes the 1:15, and on no occa
sion did he return to his office:
1901— December 5. 'J, 17, 19, 20, 27, 2S and
31; 1902— January 1, 2, 3. 4, 10, 13 and 18.
(Fifteen days.)
On the following days lie spent his
entire afternoons at various saloons,
poolrooms, resorts and cigar stores
where "wagers are said to be made on
the horse races, leaving his office
usually between 1 ana 2 o'clock and
returning to his office for a few mo
ments on only three occasions.
Went to the Races Early.
Since December 4, 1901.--I-he.ve kepf a record
of his whereabouts every afternoon. On a few
of the days I was unable to ascertain his
whereabouts.
liis appointment has neglectedjto per
form the duties of his office on the
days hereinafter specified. That he
has absented himself from hi.3 office
on every afternoon hereinafter speci
fied, for the entire afternoon, as spec
fied, and has spent his time'' at the
racetrack in 'Emeryville, Alameda
County, and in the saloons and resorts
in San Francisco, as hereinafter msn
tioned.
That on a!l of said occasions specified, and
also on the mornings of said daj-3, said Wil
liams bas knowingly and against Ms duty
allowed all or nearly all of his deputy clerko
with one exception also to absent themwlves
from their post of duty and has seen and met
them at the said racetrack and elsewhere away
from their office and post of duty, and that
for the greater part of the times hereinafter
mentioned the duties of the office for which
five deputy clerks are by the charter provfded
have been performed practically by cne of such
deputies.
The Union Labor party views with apprehen
sion the attack made by the machine politi-
A. II. Ewell, chairman of the press
committee, introduced 1 the following reso
lution, which was unanimously- adopted:
The • executive committee of the Union
Labor party— Parry faction— met last
evening. S. D. Simmons, who was re
cently chosen chairman to succeed J. S.
Parry, presided. Secretary George F.
Aubertine was also present.
'Resolved. That we hereby extend to Brother
Parry our best wishes and congratulations upon
the. distinguished honor which has been-con
ferred upon him. . < .• .
Resolved, That the governing committee of
the Union Labor party extends its thanks to
Mayor Schmitz for his wisdom and good Judg
ment in the appointment of our .worthy past
chairman. Be it further
Whereas, His Honor Eugene E. Schmitz. the
Mayor of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, has in the exercise of his wise- Judgment
conferred an honor upon our trusted chairman
of the governing committee of the Union Labor
party and appointed him to the position of Fire
Commissioner of the city • and county ¦ of San
Francisco; and .
Whereas, Brother Parry has demonstrated .his
loyalty to union principles and to - the wel
fare of our cause; be It
Mayor Schmitz was indorsed and J. S.
Parry congratulated in this resolution,
presented by Peter M. Duffy and adopted
with unanimity by the. committee:
clans on the power of the Mayor to suspend or
remove officials for offenses and delinquencies.
Believing that the law Justifies us, we earnest
ly indorse Mayor Schmitz in his honest effort
to give ¦ the city of San Francisco a good ad
ministration, and we trust that the courts and
all good citizens will support' him in his posi
tion. - I *
SUSPENSION and appointments
are the order of the day at the
City Hall, and Mayor Schrrltz
has his hands full of business.
The Mayor suspended E. W.
Williams, chief clerk of the Jus-
tices of the Peace, yesterday on
charges of constant neglect of duty.
These form the ground for the probable
removal of "Williams from office. Powel
Fredrick was appointed by the Mayor and
sworn in to take the place of Williams.
T. P. Woodward, a former School Di
rector, was appointed by the Mayor to
Jill the vacancy on the Board of Educa
tion caused by the resignation of J. **•
CE-sserly. The Mayor is likely to have
two other vacancies to fill, as School Di
rectors Denman and Mark are scheduled
to walk the carpet.
ilayor Schmitz will try Clerk K. W.
Williams on charges of neglecting his
duties and spending his time at the race
tracks, saloons and poolrooms, and also
lor allowing his deputies to be absent
from their posts during business hours.
The suspension of Wiiliams is likely to
be followed by similar action in the case
of deputies in the Sheriff's and County
Clerk's oSices, the Mayor having a lis.. 01
those officials who draw public salaries
and do nothing in return except sign their
names to the payrolls.
Strikes at "Boss" Crimmins.
In placing Williams on trial and proo
ebly removing him from office Mayor
Schmitz will strike a blow at the very
center of the power wielded by "Boss"
Crimralns and his satellites in the City
"Hall
Williams has been associated with
Crimmins for many years, and it was
through the influence of the boss that he
secured his position. The suspended clerk
of the Justices of the Peace was mixed up
with Crimmins in securing a lease of tne
Lincoln School lots some years ago from
the Board of Education.
When Williams was given his appoint
ment as clerk to the Justices of the Peace
Crimmins saw a. fine opportunity to place
seme of his henchmen. There are live
Justices' Courts, and Williams was al
lowed five deputies. It has been a matter
of common gossip that almost the entire
work of the courts fell on the shoulders
cf Robert Dennis and that George Mc-
Conb aided him in his duties. The rest
cf the deputies were rarely, if ever, seen
at their posts, except when payday came
around and it was necessary for them to
sign the salary lists.
Draw Fay for No "Work.
Pat Prendergast. one of "Williams' dep
uties, has acted lor some years as the
private secretary of Boss Crimmins ana
was a factor in the fight of Bert Mahony
for the office of County Clerk.
James Craven, another deputy. la
known as the bodygruard of the notorious
boss who dictated the selection of the
deputies in the County Clerk's office.
J. Everett Sharp is a well known
worker for Crimmins and is also on the
city's payroll as a deputy in the Justices*
courts.
J. S. Wardell was appointed by ex-
Mayor Phelan as an extra clerk to the
Justices. Wardell ran against Lackmann
for the office of Sheriff, and. though he
draws a salary as a public servant, he
devotes nearly all his time to publish
ing a daily commercial newspaper.
When Mayor Schmitz went' Into office
tjs attention was drawn to the flagrant
manner in which officials in the City Hall
were neglecting their duties. The Mayor
one day eaw What has been a familiar
sight to hundreds of citizens, namely, the
city's employes wending their way along
Market street to "do the line" and visit
the racetrack during business hours.
In order that there might be no loop
hole for "Williams to escape. Mayor
Bchmitz requested a certain citizen to
keep a watch on the dally doings of Wil
liams and report on the same.
Daily Neglected His Duties.
That Wifhams -was a daily attendant
at the racetrack and a frequenter of sa
loons in busines? hours Is shown by the
following charges filed against Williams:
To the Hon. E. E. Schmltz. Mayor of the
City and County of San Francisco— Sir: I
hereby charge E. W. ¦Williams, chief clerk of
the Justices cf the Peace of the city and
county of San Francisco, with willful neglect
of fluty and official misconduct and ask his
suspension and removal.
I allege: I — That I am an elector of the
city and county of San Francisco and a resi
dent thereof.
II — Said Williams was appointed chief
c'.erk of the Justices of the Peace of said city
er.d county of San Francisco by the Justices
of the Peace of eaid city and county on
. and thereupon duly qualified as
such chief clerk, and Is now and at all times
herein mentioned was the duly appointed act
ing chief clerk of said Justices.
III. That the said chief clerk since
Many City Officials Are Charged
With Constant Gambling.
MAYOR SUSPENDS JUSTICES CLERK WILLIAMS
FOR FLAGRANT NEGLECT OF OFFICIAL DUTIES
3
THE SAN FBANCISOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1902.
AT 1:30 this morning Williams, with Attorney T. D. Riordan, secured a writ of certiorari from Judge Carroll Cook. Accompanied by Deputy County Clerk E. J. Casey they went to the City Hall- They were stopped
by Police Officer O'Connor, but secured permission by telephone from County Clerk Mahony to file papers in his office. In the meantime Lieutenant Birdsall telephoned to Mayor Schmitz, who instructed him to eject
the men from the City Hall, but trie.writ, which enjoins the Mayor and Fredrick from interfering with Williams and isrnade returnable before Judge Cook Saturday morning at 10, had been filed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARE-QUICK TO SEE.
Good Doctors Are Quick to Sea
and Appreciat3 Real Merit
in New Medicines. Bi
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a discovery
of great value to the medical profession . and
the public. They are an unfailing specific in
all cases of dyspepsia and disordered diges-
tion.
Almost everybody's digestion ,1s disordered
more or less, and the commonest thins they
do for it Is to take some 'one of the many so-
called blood purifiers, which in many casts ars
merely strong cathartics. Such things are not
needed. If the organs are In a clogged condi-
tion, they need only a little help and they
will right themselves. Cathartics Irritate the
sensitive linings of the stomach and bowels
and often do more harm than good.
Purging Is not what is needed. The thing
to do Is to put the food In condition to ' bo
readily digested and assimilated. Stuart's
Dyspepsia. Tablets do this perfectly. They
partly digest what is eaten and give- th»
stomach Just the help it needs. They stimu-
late tne secretion and excretion of the diges-
tive fluids and relieve the congested condition
of the glands and membranes. They pnt tha
whole digestive system In condition to do Its
work. When that Is done you need take no
more tablets, unless you eat what does not
agree with, you. Then take one or two tab-
lets — give them needed help and you will have
no trouble.
It's a common-sense medicine and a com-
mon-sense treatment and It will cure every
time. Not only cure the disease but cure the
cause. Goes about it In a perfectly sensible
and nclentlflc way. .
We nave testimonials enough to fill a book.
but we don't publish many of them. How-
ever —
Mrs. E. M. Faith of Byrd's Creek, Wis..
Bays: "I have taken all the Tablets I rot of
you and they have done their work well la my
case, for I feel like a different person alto-
gether. I don't doubt if I had not got them Z
should have been at rest by this time."
H. E. Wlllard, Onslow, la., says: "Mr.
White of Canton was telling me of your Dys-
pepsia Tablets curing him of Dyspepsia, from
which he had suffered for eight years. As I
am a sufferer myself I wish you to s«nd me
a package by return mall."
Phil Brooks, Detroit, Mich., says: "Tour
dyspepsia cure has worked wonders In my
case. I suffered for years from dyspepsia bat
am now entirely cured and enjoy life as f
never have before. I gladly recommend them."'
It will cost 60c to find' out lust how much
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will help yon. Try
them — that's the best way to decide.
All druggists sell them. A little book on
stomach diseases wil be mailed tree by ad-
dressing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich. -
POSTUM CEKEAI/.
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PTOLI0 AND ATTORKXT-AT-LAW. '
Tenth Floor. Roam 1015, Claus Spreckel* WUg.
¦ Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence, 821 California St.. lniinii 'Timtl.
Resident:* Telephone, James lAOk
ad bbi 4«fe Ammunition and Sporting
¦ B H I 3a 3 C" Goods. Largest Stock. Low.
¦ _ 9 1 jtfl est Prices. Until close of
B H 1 1 H « « hunting season will offer
ILB BJi 3 B Sm3 guns at reduced prices.
w . w " " Send for catalogue.
SHHEVa * BARB 28 CO..
739 lOrist 3t »ad 511 Ksiray 2t I
« h m k9 h Ih H i9 n wSS R
AndlWheitlt
Will Do.
Information in regard to collection
of bad bills, notes, etc. No commis-
sion charged.
Legal advice free.
Send postal to
California Commercial Guaranty Co.,
i^ 184 Crocker; Building,
San Francisco. ,
In on You.
Perhaps Coffee Is Getting Its Work
SPOT HIM.
People who think they can digest cof-
fee and yet are sick half the time might
learn a valuable lesson In health and get
some happiness out of life If they would
make up their minds to quit coffee and
take Postum Food Coffee.
You can trace the results so accurately
as to leave no possible doubt of the cause
of the sickness and the reasons for the
return of health-
A lady from Blue Mount, Miss., gives
her experience. She says: "I always used
to drink milk, but In *88 I went down to
the southern part of the State to teach
school and boarded In a family of coffee
drinkers. I began drinking one half of a
cap at a meal. The habit grew on me and
I Increased the amount.
"Gradually I became nervous, my com-
plexion grew sallow and yellow and fin-
ally my stomach would frequently throw
off the food. I gradually ate less and less,
depending upon the coffee to keep me up.
Finally I concluded that the trouble was
malaria, and the doctor advised me to
leave that part of th© country. So I went
back up to the hills In the hope of getting
better. Instead of that I got worse. Pal-
pitation of the heart set In and. I got so
weak I could scarcely work.
"I took a great many remedies, but
found no relief. I went to the mountains
in California for two months without 1m-
pro\-ement. I was thoroughly discour-
aged about my condition when. one day
a friend said, 'Why don't you give up
coffee?' 'Quit coffee.* I said. 'Why that
is ;ibout all I live on.' She begged me to
try leaving it off and use Postum Food
Coffee.
"I did not have much faith in the ex-
Verifnent, I had tried so many things
without benefit, but I decided to yield to
her entreaties. In less than two weeks
after I quit coffee and began using Pos-
tum the pall of 111 health left me and I
began to sleep as sound as any. one. My
complexion Improved and my stomach
began to regain Its strength.
"Now, after three months' use of Pos-
tum, I feel as well as I ever did. I would
not be' without Postum Food Coffee and
¦will never drink another drop of coffee. It
came too near killing me." Mrs. Vera
Denial. Blue Mountain. Miss.
I 'j$y9>dB*r injection. I
i^A PERMANENT CURE |
] i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhon f
I ' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to • C
C days ; no other treatment required. . 5
•, ¦ Sold by all druggists. . 5THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACETBACK-Tuesday, Jan. 21,-Weather «howery.^^Trackjmuddyj
3173. FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up: to first. $325.
— — — — ; ; ; — ; ; — • . Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight- St. . tf. %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ¦ cl^_
2902* Censor. 4.. ~*. .106 "& : .7 2 . . 4 1 , 2 % Ins J. Rothert. . \ . -O'^ 011 " 0 ! » l %
3111) Eldred. 4 81 .7 3 1 . 11 11 2 2 Ashton & Harris.. Red frn 8 *
3149 Marineuse, 4 .63 6 62323a 34. J. Conway J. D «ly » i
3110 Our Lizzie, a 115 80 6h 54 41 W. H. Ketcheman.-Jcksn « **
:«18 Chappie, a 100 2 8 1 "7 h 6 1 5 5 I. Morehouse ,-.. McGinn 1W ig
3130 Alxura. 4 ..Ill 4 4 ft 8 1 7 1 «h A. H, VlvelK..J. JVoods 3 5
2911 Tiburon. a....... 107 3 in 6 1 8 3 7 V, Egbert & Cb..-.RaMCh 5-- S^
3132 Educate. 4 Ill 1 21 21 4h 84 W. E. Cotton .. Matthews 6 »
314.J Bi: Sheppard. P..115 5 5h 9 9 9 B. A. ChlteS"—^*'™ 6 23
3075 Nona B. a ...113 Ran away J. E. Abbott. . .Bullman » ±?
Time— 'Vi :24*i: %. :51- 5%f. l:09H- Good start. . Won first three driving. Winner. X
Rothert's ch7 hi by Hermence- Veronica. Censor has been picking up m hi 9 work m _d
O'Connor's vigorous ride won the race. Marineuse ran to form. Chappie can do be itter.
So can" Alzura. Tiburon quit at head of stretch. Too much weight on Educate.
.^Scmtched— Lost_GU1105 : RhiaMol0J ; F^
3174. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325. _
— ~ ; ; ~ — . Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3150 Malaspina 107 ~7 1.1 11 1111 Mallowmot S. F. .Jacksn -8 '•»
(3101) Royal Rogue 109 2 4 V, 2 % 2 V, 2 % J. C. Nealon. ..O Connor 8-R 8^
313.5 Arthur Ray.. 112 6 616^41 3% Clayton & Co. ..E. Jones 8 -""
3150 Torila 110 11- 5 H 31 3h4% E. I. Wheeler. .Bullman « JJ
.'UOl Bendara 112 10 » Vj 7 2 6 2 5 2 J. Burrows ... -Matthews 1<> 1
3113 Marelio ........ J10 18%5n5h 6% d. S-, Fountain. .Mounce 3 11-5
Slfil Eiternell ..Jl07 5 11 10 7 172 J. W.' Schorr.. .J. Woods W 20
2824 Chandoo ....112 9 10 2 11 8 2 8 4 T. H: Stevens. .Troxler -0 30
S150 Montana Peeress. 107 4 2h 4194 9 5 Chlnn & Forsyth..Ranch 8. 15
315O John H. Carr 100 8 7 2 9 1 10 4 10 5 Mrs. TubervUle.. -Conley 30 io«»
30S2 [Wandering Boy.. .109 3 3 1 8 1 ¦ 11 11 La Siesta Ranch See 4O «o
Time— y». :24U : %. :51%; 5%f, l;10. Good sUrt. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. Mallowmot Stock Farm's br. f. by Brutus- Miowera. pinner fast, but never
inclined to go a route. O'Connor made a mistake in waiting with the favorite. Mounce on
Marelio rode a stupid race. Bendara and Torila came from far. back. Scratcnea— t>ir
Claus 109. ¦ : . ¦ _ l _ i ___, _~~—.
3175. THIRD .RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $323.
~p ' j ; ; ~~ ~^~~! Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. '.%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3134* Dang. Maid. 5 107 2 2 1* 11 Tn 1 h Bunw & Waterhs^. Ranch 8-5 11-3
S123 Dunblane. 5...... 110 1 6 3^23 22 Jennings & Co. .Bullman 4 7-
314S Mission. 5... 102 3 41 6 34 ,35 James Wilson. „ McGinn 20 RO
3135 Monda. 6 V..102 « 5 3 4 1 44. 4 5 W. P. Fine. ...Winslette 30 20O
3095 Sea Lion, a 10ft 4 ' 3 H 5 2 5 8 5 10 Caesar Young. . .Jackson 2 11-5
m42)IComIng Event. 5..110 5 12 2n 6 6 C. Earl & Co. .. .Mounce 4 5
Time— i/,. :24; ft :43%; %. 1:16^; %. 1:30. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Burns & WaterhouM?'s ch. m. by St. Leonards-Hand Maid. Maid outgamed Dunblane and
. Ransch outrode Bullman. Sea Lion ¦ only good for tank exhibitions now. Coming tveni
can't walk j lnmuddygolng^^Scratched—-mngD^
317<J. • FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
1*; ! I ' i ~ I Betting.
Index Horse. Agei Weight. St. M. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- CL
3150 Kenllworth. 4 105 4.11 13 1211 W. H. Ketcheman.-Jcksn 1 3-5
.... Paul Clifford, 4. ..102 2 2 2 2 2 n 2 1% L. W. Bell .Gannon 4 4
3166 Tbe Fretter 6....105 1 .3 % 3 5 3 4. 3 5 F. J. O'Rourke. .O'Connr 8 «
All Green 4 10o| |5 5 . 5 f 1 4 3 Burn3 & Waterhs.. Ranch 3 25
3165 Rey Dare. 4. 102| 3 44 4 1 5 S C. G. White. J.Daly 7 15
Time M :24% : %. :48%; %. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner W. H.'Ketcheman's br. h. by Sir Modred-Queen Be3S. The conditions just suited
Kenilworth and. he displayed stake form. Paul Clifford ran a nice race first time out.
. All Green not ready and distance likely too short. Scratched — Joe Frey 105.
3177. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; Paso Roblea. Hdcp; 3-year-olda and up; to first. $400.
_ _ , _ _ - __— — .
Index Horse.- Age. Weight. St. %. " %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2S08) Scorpio 5 ..10« 5 13.1412 1 ns W. H. Ketcheman..Jcksn 10 »
3172 Duckoy 5 110 « 6 42 2n 26 G. B. Morris.. .O'Connor 7-5 9-10
.1159 Frank Bell. 6 115 1 4131 4 2 31 O'Neal & Co Mounce 4 8
(3145) T. of Candles, 4..102 2 2n 22 31 45 Caesar Young Ransch 8-5 7-2
(3140) J. Boggs 5.. 99 3 5% 6 6 5 3 J. S. Gibson J. Daly 9 20
3156 Gusto. 5 97 4 3151 5 3 6 P. Howley Redfern 10 13
Xime^— To %. :21; to %. :44%; last %. 1:01; short %. 1:11. Fair start. Won first three
driving Winner W. H. Ketcheman's b. g. by Chorister- Zodiac. Scorpio is a "mudder"
and ran ahead of his number. Field outbroke Duckoy. Frank Bell overweighted. Tower
or Candles quit after chasing the winner. Gusto outclassed. Scratched — Ordnung 110.
3178. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up: to first. $325.
~j ". ' . Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. •%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3154) Floronso. a. .... .112 7. 56 55 11 12 P. McGuire O'Connor 4-5 4-5
3154 Hungarian, 6..... 10« 2 In 22 21 2ns G. W. Miller Troxier 10 25
3142 Sir Lewis 3 89 1 4%4n 32 38 M.J.Daly J.Daly 5 4
ru°2> Quadra. 3...' 9313 3 3 3n 4 3 4 8 Snider & Co Jackson 3 S
ill? Snowberry 3 84|6 62 68 65 52 Kaufman & Co. .Redfern 20 4O
(3135)Captrvate 4 102 4 2n In 52 «10 P. Hildretn Ranachl 20 75
3100 Lodestar^'a. ...... 1101 5 7 10 7 2 7 10 7 5 O-Keefe & Co... Mounce [ 7 10
3141 Bragg. 3 „.. 92| 8 8 8 8 8 Curl & Co. . . . W. Knapp) 7 12
Time— V. -24*4 • Vi :49; %. 1:14%; mile, 1:42%: lm 50yds. 1 :46^i. Good start. Won
easily Second and third jjrivlng. Winner, P. McGuire's b. g. by Fonso- Florence E. Oai-.
lor> for the winner. Hungarian showed Improvement. Sir Lewis should have been'sec
ond. Quadra quit. Scratched— Osmond 106, Captain Galnes 109. Plead 102, Senator Matt3
loo.' _ • ¦ . jZJ2
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Yrsula. Moabina. Meteoro.
' Second race— Pupil, Foul " Play, Harry
Thatcher.
Third race— Sylvia. Talbot. Arabo, Adiron
dack.
Fourth race— Decoy, Rollick, Herculean.
Fifth race — CorrlBan, Milas. Redan.
Sixth race — Rio de Altar, Pat Morri«3ey» Thi
Singer.-- ¦ ¦- -:,t-i V'-'-jVj . '.¦ ¦ ' .-><..•
boys of the club aro all little fellowa
averaging about 13 years of age, but thd
drill and exercises were done with an ex«
actness and discipline seldom eclipsed by
real soldiers. The exhibition reflected
great credit on those In command, whe
were: Commander; C. R. Alberger: ma
jor. S S. S. Peixotto; adjutant. James
Rogers. The drill, was reviewed by Gov
ernor Gage, staff and a large audience
which gave the boys much applause. The
Governor congratulated the boys on the
success they had attained In their work
Fifth race — One mile, the Point Arena handi
cap; three-year-olds.
314S Con. Forster.insi(23tnCorrigan .....11«
SlSSMlIas 107j 314.S Ishtar 1W
3181 Halmetta v»r. SCr Redan 106
Sixth race — Six furlongs, selling; four-year
olds and upward.
3171 Bard Burns. . .111 Arbaces . . 123
3171 Grand Sachm.105 "f*V{ Redwald 105
(.11«S)San Venado...ll0 31«8 Invicrus 105
3171 Pat Morrissey. 107 234.1 Th<* Singer ..1«
3087 Quix II 102 31JU Pompino 101
2S70 Rio de AUar.Hl! 30S7 Cuban Girl... lot
Continued From Page One.
Governor Gage Beviews Boy's Drill.
The military department of Columbia
Park Boys' Club held a drill and exercises
last evening -at Mechanics" Pavilion." The"
V Adolph -, Albersmeyer, "a bartender in the
employ .of his cousin. J. D. Heise, grocer,
at the ' corner of : Sixteenth \ and Valen
cia streets, met his' death ,ln a pe :
culiar manner,' as the result of the shoot" 1
ing; of Police-officer Robinson. •Albers
meyer. was 'employed as a clerk by: H«?fs«"
and left: his place of ; business about 10
o'clockat night. ; -He went to his room
at; 192 Julian avenue and- was awakened
by the shots. • tivS^&ftVS^&SfftSSS^i
He partly dressed' himself' when he
heard the shots. E. P. Langabaugh, the*
Adolph Albersmeyer Is the
Victirri of Too Mucli; i
Curiosity.
Had it not been for the heartless greed
of the telephone company for the nickel
that it demands for a switch, Robinson,
the wounded policeman, .might have
reached a ' hospital sooner than he did.
Police Officer R. J. Ingham lives in the
flat immediately above the scene, of the
shooting. He was asleep at the time,' but
was awakened by the sound of shotd.
Ingham says:- ..
| I grot up. partly dressed myself and went to
my window. - I saw a man lying: on the side
walk with his arms thrown back. The light
was uncertain, but I thought I saw a star on
his breast. I . rushed ¦ downstairs and saw
Robinson lying by the hitching post in front
of Kenney's place. I saw that he was wound
ed and ran upstairs to my telephone.
"Give me Private Exchange 170." I said.
."There ia a wounded police officer on the side
walk and I. want an ambulance quick." It was
a Ion* time afterward before I got ah answer
and then came a Ions drawn-out. "Nickel,
please."
I got mad arfiS told the j-ouns woman the
smallest chance I hart was a dollar, but the
j answer came back. "Nickel, please." I told
,the young woman what I thought of the tele-
I'Phone company end I ran to the patrol box at
i Sixteenth street and called for an ambulance.
It was fully three-auartera of an hour from
! the time I first tried to telephone before either
the • ambulance or patrol wagon came alonar.
In the, meanwhile. Robinson was picked np off
the street and carried mto Eastman's plumb
ing shop, from which h« was taken ¦ to the hos
pital as »oon ,\a tbe ambulance arrived. I was
so indignant that I went to- the telephone com
pany's office to-day and made a complaint-
Telephone Company's De
sire for Nickel
SLOW COMING
OF AMBULANCE
the entire police department is making
desperate efforts to bring to light- -
Attempts Two Hold-Ups. ..
On Henderson's person .was found a
complete set of crude safe-crackihg tools,
but the known circumstances surrounding
It was a cruel deed. Vainly did Robin
son try to drop one of his merciless mur
derers. The bullet holes in the walls and
windows of the bicycle store and Roger
son s shire* factory are high, showing that
he-shot while he was lying on the pave
ment. . . . , ; . .
t^ e^ apid succession of sharp cracks
o J P 3 the revolvers of the desperate thugs
and the dying policeman rang out loudly
inj-he stillness of the night. -
thJLi W K ere thrown up hastily in 'all
Jl%£\ fi gnborln s houses and for a moment
absolute terror reigned. v Down toward
Sixteenth street dashed the four .murder
ers, leaving their mortally, wounded vic
tim wallowing in his o wn, blood. ¦*'•
Is Game to the, End/.
wf&S l P°^ on « a restaurant keeper at
507 Valencia street, heard the shots and
ran out of his eating house to see whit
r« >, t ? ) V? le^ wa \ He. had- no sooner
l% a Ji he^u he d ,?°J" t. han three men 'dashed
past. They all had their still smoking- re
volvers in their hands. Bogdon looked up
the street a few yards and saw Policeman
Robinson making. a weak effort to sret-to
his feet His, hands clutched a hitching
post and his body, only a few feet off the
ground swung feebly back and forth I?
was a hopeless struggle of a game man
>,J e Robinson's last call for
h f'P- ( '- W1 th the cruel • instinct of lawless
villains one of the men turned aroumTand
leveling a revolver at the restaurant
keeper's head, ordered him back into the
£ n a H Ce ;h He we^ nt wlthou t further" delay
and the murderers ran on toward the
corner, a few- feet distant. .There they en-'
colintered August Mebels. a waiter em
ployed at Zlnkand'B. : Mebels heard t^e
shooting and ran out of Harry Bentham's
saloon on Valencia street. Just" bllSw
faixteenth. He crossed- diagonally" across
the street and ran directly Into the flee
ing murderers. ¦ ¦ ; - ¦ ..,. . > .7 ce <
We 11 give you some of this, too '
growled: one of them as he shoved! a re
volver under Mebels 1 nose. Mebels backed
away . and the thugs , ran down Sixteenth
street toward Julian avenue.
Taylor's i Brave Deed.
Policeman Charles H. Taylor was stand-
Ing at the corner'.of Sixteenth and Mis
sion streets when, he ¦; heard the , "fatal
shots. He ran up toward 'Valencia - and
upon nearing Hoff avenue saw three men
swinging into Julian avenue. .They ran
at' a . rapid gait down ' the avenue toward
Fifteenth; street; Taylor. ; saw ,thelr=
the early morning tragedy indicate be
yond a shadow of a doubt that tha four
desperados were engaged in holding up
a Japanese on Valencia street near Eight
eenth when Officer .Robinson surprised
them at their nefarious work, as exclu
sively announced in yesterday's issue of
The Call. The four footpads had been
hovering- abofit the neighborhood i for an
hour or more before the shooting oc
curred. They attempted to hold up At
torney Stephen Costello at the corner of
Eighteenth and Valencia streets, but the
latter was too quick for them. As Cos
tello wasnearing his home,- whlcn is at
726 Valencia street, he passed three of the
footpads. When he got a few steps ahead
of them one of the men called out, "Here,
hold on a minute!" \ . . , • . ,
"Not much," replied Costello, suspect
ing at once that they wanted to relieve
him of his money and jewelry. The at
-torney quickened his pace toward hi?
home, a few steps away, and the f.ootpad3
made no attempt to follow him.
As the lawyer - entered his doorway he
heard several loud screams, and turning
around he saw G. R. Aklyo, a Japanese
living at 719 Valencia street, running
away from the same men who tried to
hold him up.
The footpads put a revolver up to
Akiyo's head and\ ordered him to throw
up his bands. Frenzied with fright the
Jap yelled frantically for help, and made
a mad dash, toward his home;- - .
• At. this juncture Policeman Robinson,
who was standing on the corner of Nine
teenth and Valencia, came running down
the street at a fast clip. He was one of
the best sprinters in the department and
h« arrived at the scene of the attempted
hold-up before the footpads could make
their escape.
Saw Kobinson Coming.
•¦ The thieves must have got a glimpse of
Robinson's star, and fearing arrest they,
turned and ran down ..Valencia street
toward Sixteenth. The brave policeman
pursued the criminals and gained on them
so quickly that by the time they, got to
the middle of the block -on Valencia street,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth, -he
was almost at their heels.
In front of Kenney's bicycle store at 531
Valencia street and Rogerson's shirt fac
tory at 535 Valencia, the footpads made a
stand. They could • not outsprlnt Robin
son, bo they turned quickly and began fir-'
ing: -at- the; policeman. -s One of the • first
shots knocked : Robinson, -down and the
thugs stood over his bleeding, body and
fired several more bullets . into hi« pros-'
trate form. ... • ,
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham, who
have been. following up the course of the
fugitive highwaymen, traced their move
ments to-day up to the time they reached
a saloon at the corner of Eleventh and
Market streets. Two men, closely resem
bling those described by Mebels, went
into the 'saloon, called for- a glass of beer,
laid down a dollar on the counter and,
without waiting for change, ran off.
They acted very suspiciously and turned
v.-ettward on Market street, in the direc
tion of Valencia. - ' • • •¦"-: i
. From there all trace of them was lost
until last evening, when two menweie
seen . at - Florentlni's place, near the old,
San "Bruno road. They claimed to be ex
soldiers in search of work. The .two men
fitted the description of the men ' recog-.
nized byMebels, also by the bartender at-
Eleventh and Market streets and by Flor
entinl. When.. Fitzgerald .and Graham
reached Florentini's the men had fled and
the trail was temporarily lost. Both Fitz
gerald and Graham are positive that the
men who were. at Florentini's yesterday
afternoon are the two whom the police are
locking for. The Sari Mateo County offi
cers i have ' been notified to look -out for
them and have been furnished with a3
complete a descrrption as possible.
Detective Graham showed Henderson,
the wounded man, a copy of 'me Call of
>esterday containing an account of the
crime. He would not discuss the matter.
LOSES HIS LIFE
DURING AFFRAY
Outskirts.
Suspected Robbers Seen
in Town and in the
ROBINSON DIES OF BULLET WOUNOS AND CAPTURED ROBBER IS IDENTIFIED
EITTLE Claire Arguello, a nin?
year-old schoolgirl, was abductod
by her father. Julius P. ArgueHo,
while on her way to the Agas
siz Primary School yesterday
morning. According to her schoolmates.
Claire made an outcry and tried to get
away, but her abductor held her firmly
and deEpite her protest carried her to a
Valencia-street car and when last seen
was on his way* Ucivntown.
Mrs. Clara Arguello. who lives at 232S
Twenly-fcurth street, mother of the child,
was heartbroken when ?he learned cf the
trick p:ayed en her fcy her divorced hus
banO. She immediateJy visited the Hall
of Justice and swore to a wan ant for his
arrest on the charge of abduction. Do-
brother that Claire was safe and he would
return her to-day. This only made the
family more anxious to learn of his
whereabouts. They fear that he is try
ing to delude them and will leave for
South America. Arguello told a- friend
named H. U. Jones that he had married
a wealthy woman and was going away on
a Jong trip.
The mother claims that Arguello ab
ducted the child to annoy and spite her.
owner of the house, also dressed himself
«ind both men climbed througn tn« win
dow of Albersmeyer's room. The barten-'
"der was in his stocking feet and climbed
upon the awning. The awning was wet
and" Albersmeyer slipped. Longabaugh
attempted to catch him, but could not.
When Albersmeyer reached the end of
the awning -he -endeavored to stop him
self, but could not. He alighted on the
sidewalk, but arose unassisted. He stood
around for a few minutes and then com-
T-lained that he was feeling sick. He went
upstairs, dressed, himself , fully and sud
'denly collapsed.
An ambulance was called and the in
jured man was sent to the City and
County Hospital; where he died as he
was being put upon the operating table.
He was 36 years of age andi a native of
Bremen, Germany. He had resided in
this city about twelve years, being the
greater portion of the time in the employ
of Heise. His brother died about a yeafr
ago from an attack of pneumonia. He
leaves an aged mother in Germany.
LITTLE GIRL WHO WAS ABDUQTED BY HER FATHER WHILE ON HER WAY TO- SCHOOL- YESTERDAY
MORNING AND HER PARENTS. WHOSE MARITAL DIFFERENCES CULMINATED IN A. DIVORCE, THE
MOTHER BEING AWARDED TH E CUSTODV OF THE CHILD. - •
First race — Five and a half furlongs, sell
ing; maiden three-year-old fillies.
2267 Oratossa 107 3077 Annie Max... 107
Jungfrau 112 3082 Tlbbs 107
3125 Meteoro 107 3125 Knockinja ...112
30T>5 Sterl. Towers.107 3125 Moabria 107
3157 Yrsula 112
Se'Oiii race — Futurity course, selling; four
year-olds and upward.
308.". Intrada 101 3172 "Woeful 103
30C9 Light Ball 103 2794 Buck Taylor . .107
3147 Harry Thatch.107 2871 Mountebank .107
:U6O Fidel Toulln..l05 3134 Foul Play 105
3145St. Rica 103 3155 Antolee 101
3100 Mallakwa 110 3145 Pupil 107
Third race — Three and a half furlongs,,
purse; two-y«-ar-olds. . . .
31«3 Arabo 100 Organdie 115
(3169)Sylvia Talbot.115 3163 Adirondack ..Id
Altawan .,...115 Delsegno .....118
. ... Durazzo '.....118 3163 Clarlnette 95
Fourth race— One mile, selling; four-year
olds and upward.
3171 Herculean . . .109 Oll^Wyomlngr .... 100
(3156)RoHIck 104 (3033)Deco^ ........ ..107
Track Notes.
Just as predicted earlier in the day,
Floronso was bid up after his win of the
last race. The gelding was in to be sold
for $-iOO and Frank Doss tilted the price
to $SO0 without any change of ownership.
There has been any number of close
finishes the past few days at Oakland. It
seldom falls to the lot of a horse -to lose
a purse by a nose two days in succession,
but such- happened Duckoy. On Monday
he was iluden by Red fern, ' while yester
day O'Connor had the mount.' "
Lf:e Jackson again piloted three and
O'Connor two winners. Bullman, if he
so wished, could be in the front rank, but
unless he takes better care of himself will
Ecori'bc a back number. -.
The Lissak handicap for two-year-olds
and upward will be run at Oakland on
Saturday. • The stakeis worth $1500 and
the distance cne mile. The allotment of
weights followsc- ¦ . . .-.
Xones ". ....-.....:. .122 i Tower of Candles.MOO
All Green:. V. ...... .120 Brutal ...100
Vesuvian ¦ ...":..... .120 Beau Ormonde.:... 97
The Pride.. 118 Sea Lion 9«
Joe Frey... 11C Bangor 95
Cameron 115 Arbacea 95
Hagerdon lit Lady Sterling. 93
Byron Rose 114 Eonlc ,92
Ordnung 112 Marshal Nell 90
Scotch Plaid 110 Edna Brown., 90
Constellator 110 Dlvlna 90
Favonlus 110 Magi- 90
Red Path 110 Cougar 8S
Timemaker . .......110 Diderot 88
Doublet ....: 110 John McGurk S5
San Nicolas;..?... .110 Muresca : 8.1
Janice 10S Glendennlng ....... 85
Rio Shannon 107 Urchin 80
The Fretter. 100 Silver Fizz t.. 80
Andrisa 106 Tillle Andrews..... 80
MacGyle 106 Gawalne SO
Yellowtail 105 Pol Lichtensteln 80
Greenock 105j.Iarretierre d'Or.... SO
Sam Fullen 105 (Senator Bruce SO
Icicle 10r>jDr. Scharff 80
Obia 105; Snowberry 80
Golden Cottage lOSJOratossa 80
Covrigan .102. Moabina .80
Hilee 100 Sir Tom Tiddler... 80
Varro 100 Halmetta 80
Rey Dare v IOO! • >
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: ,
coat near his 'neck and badly bruised his
right shoulder.
CLOSELY TRAILED,
BY THE OFFICERS
KENILWORTH,, the dark brown
bird | wearing the . sharp claws,
from Harry Stover's aviary,
ploughed along through the mud
; \Tand rain in real old-fashioned
style- at : Oakland :yesterday. Stover's
horse was-; one: : of five .starters- In the
fourth race', : a six furlong sprint, the con
ditions stating "for non-winners at the
meeting: weight 103 ; "pounds." 'What a
soft, and reposeful/.-spot; It-, looked,', and
these were -the- .entries: Joe-Frey,' AH
Green, Kenilworth. Paul Clifford, Rey
Dare and ".The Fretter. With, his usual
forethought -. Johnny "Schorr' missed the
train leaving -Ingleside and Joe Frey did
not appear as a starter. Kenilworth,. just
about tuned .to concert, pitch with two
previous races, was played from evens to
3 to 5, and reeling off the first half in
48% seconds," finished the distance out in,
1:14, a length; before Paul Clifford, which
ran a becoming race first- time -at the
barrier, nicely . ridden by Gannon. All
Green did not appear to be ready, finish
ing fourth 'behind The 'Fretter. .
Favorites \ managed - to hold their own
despite the. uncertain conditions of the
elements,, capturing- three events.' Jack
son and O'Connor were again. the stars iii
the saddle- - . • .'-'¦,
Green Morris" useful "mudder,'.* Duckoy,
was again unlucky enough to be nosed out
for a purse, this time in the Paso Robles
handicap by Scorpio; a 10 to 1 shot. :At
the Futurity course distance Lee Jackson
hustled ¦ Scorpio away in the lead and
racing Tower, of Candles, to a standstill
kept the outsider on . hte mud legs long
enough to beat O'Connor on the fast-com
ing favorite* just about half a pro
gramme's ler^th. Frank . Bell ran third.
A fast bunch of "mudlarks" lined up
In the Introductory five and a half fur
long scramble, with Tiburon the post
favorite at 8 to 5. .The Friar Tuck geld
ing displayed some of his oldtime speed
to the stretch, and then died away. Red
fern assumed the lead with Eldred. an.S
t& 1 .shot, when . straightened for home,
and led to within a few yards of the
wire, '.where O'Connor got up on Censor,
earning the decision by a nose. The win
ner was 12 to 1 in the betting.. ¦
Another long shot turned up winner of
the- sprint- which »folowed. - If- looked . a
good thing on paper for Royal Rogue, and
the Nealon entry was heavily played at
8 to 5. Malaspina, a 10 to 1 chance, piloted
by Jackson, led throughout, and at the
wire; beat the favorite a length with
something to spare. Arthur Ray ran a
close., third.' • , i . .. '
Burns' & "Waterhouse took the third
purse with Dangerous Maid. The mare
closed about equal favorite with Sea-Lion,
and, after leading most of the route,
downed'Dunblane a head in a driving.fin
ish.. Mission, a 50 to 1 shot; ran into the
show. -Sea Lion has very rickety under
pinning and performed poorly. ¦
Floronso enjoyed another cake-walk in
the concluding mile and fifty yards selling
run, . ridden by O'Connor. ¦ Hungarian, a
27. to 1 shot, with Troxler up, nosed- out
Sir Lewis for the place.
."When the Board. of Police Commission
ers went-' into session ¦ last evening Chief
of Police Wittman informed the board of
the death ,of Patrolman Robinson. The
Chief spoke feelingly b£ the deceased. He
said Robinson had always proved a capa
ble officer, and that his untimely death
wa , s a severe loss to the department. The
tmef dwelt on Robinson's heroism. He
told how, the brave policeman gave battle,
to the footpads and how he was slain by
°ne orthe criminals. -
The Chief also called the- board's atten-
i on t0 , tne fact .that there was a. pro
vision in the charter. which allowed" the
commissioners, sitting .as a pension
board,: the right to grant a pension • to
tne wife Qr parent of an officer who had
lost his life. --Tn the discharge. of his duty.
As Robinson leaves a mother, half his
salary will be paid to her monthly.
. commissioner Hutton moved that when
the board adjourn it' do so out of re
spect to the memory of Policeman Robin
son and that - the members 6f the board
attend his funeral in a body. The motion
was adopted unanimously.,
yolvers glisten when they passed a gas
light and he called on them to halt: "I
am a police officer," shouted Taylor.
Taylor's command to halt was greeted
with several shots from the murderers,
i hey wheeled to tire. at the policeman,
several shots being discharged at Wm.
Taylor never flinched under the lire,
He quickly dropped on one knee, and,
drawing his revolver, returned »he tire,
laylor shot three 'times at Robinson's
murderers and then jump/d : to his feet
and continued the chase. They ran down
Julian avenue cm the lower side of tl>*
street, Taylor following them. ¦ ;.
At the corner of Fifteenth street ai'cl
Julian avenue the trio separated. Two or
the men ran up Fifteenth toward Valen
cia, arid the other stood at. the corner on
the lower* side of the street, waiting to
ambush Taylor as he ran by. The police
man was. not to be tricked by ..the fooi
pad s cunning. He dashed across to the
other side of the street and taking aim
at the thug who was waiting in ¦¦ th«
shadows to shoot him down, fired,- and
the waiting- man staggered headlong to
the sidewalk. • ¦
Policeman Taylor was upon the, pros
trate highwayman ' in a moment and
pinned him to the. ground. Taylor dis
armed his man and walked him toward
the Seventeenth-street station. On,' the
way to the. station Taylor met Lieutenant
Price,' who : was going to. the scene of. the
first • shooting, and turned the wounded
prisoner over to him.. V« .•;•
Carried Safe-Cracking Tools.
When searched at the City and County
Hospital a full set of safe-cracking tools
was found concealed on the captive's
person. In his overcoat pocket the police
found a. bottle of powder, two candles, a
brace and bit, matches and a steel tape
measure. The footpad's weapon was . a
38-caliber bulldog of the cheapest make.
In -addition to the .safe-cracking tools
there were in his pockets several cata
logues issued by different hardware firms
who deal in steel saws and other imple
ments used in the safe-cracking business.
The prisoner said his name was William
A. Henderson and that' his home was , in
.St. Louis. He said he came here recent
ly from 1 Seattle and had found the tools
that were in his possession on the street.
He pretended to be very much under .the
•influence of- liquor and stated that when
he stooped down to pick .up the things
he claimed to have found he was shot
from behind. He also stated that his
partner's name was Williams and that
they had been around various saloons in
the Mission drinking all night.'SNo state
ment made by the man who calls himself
Henderson is believed by the'police. He
acted like an old offender and showed no
disposition to give up any information
concerning 'his part in the murder. , '• •;
Robinson Too Weak- to, Talk, .-.i
i • While Policeman Taylor was' having Ms
exciting '.thase' after. the«»three* footpads
who ran down Julian-avenue tender hands
were lifting the bleeding form of Police-
man Robinson across Valencia-street- to
Eastman's v plumbing- shop, > where • the
wounded man was attended by Drs. Sul
livan and Crowley. The: ambulance was
telephoned for .by. Policeman. Tim Connell
and. when it arrived .Robinson 'was taken
at once to the Railroad Hospital,, whet e
Dr. Gardner wade heroic efforts to save
his life. Robinson began to sink rapidly.
He- could scarcely talk at times and then
again he would rally and answer questions
put to him by his- companions in the
police department, who were«bent on find
ing some clew to Robinson's murderers.
Detectives Jerry Dinan and Richard Beil
were on night duty .at the Hall of Justice
when the fatal shooting occurred. They
were, notified immediately and, j together
with Warrant and Bond Clerk John J.
Greeley, went immediately to the bedside
of the dying policeman. The detectives
saw at once that it, would be useless to
attempt to get Robinson to make a writ
ten dying statement. He was already too
far over the border: Detective Dinan and
Greeley asked . the dying man questions
and he answered them laboriously.
'"I can't talk, boys," said Robinson
feebly. ¦' " • -¦-¦¦¦
In answer to questions Robinson told
the -detectives that he found the footpads
trying to hold up a man on'Valencia and
Eighteenth streets. ¦ He was positive there
were four men in the party.- ¦ -.- ¦¦¦¦•
The nurses and physicians worked over
the rapidly sinking . policeman -in a vain
effort to revive him. 'sufficiently so he
could make a statement.- ¦
Prisoner Gives Evasive Answer.
After leaving the dying policeman De
tectives Dinan and' Bell and Warrant and
Bond Clerk Greeley went direct to the
City and County Hospital, where they had
a long interview with the wounded foot
pad. Henderson-was sullen and pretended
to be in great pain. He disclaimed all
knowledge of the battle with the. two
policemen and. refused to say anything
about himself. He even said that he did
not know where he lived. It was some
where on Fifth street, near, the Mint, but
thdexact location, he did not know,' so ; ha
said. He said he roomed in No. 21, on
the second floor of the lodging-house, but
he would not give the street . number of
the' place. -.;.•.'.. : '-¦ - - '
The officers then went to the Seven
teenth-street station, where they closely
inspected 1 every article found on Hender
son. They' found several cards upon
which' were written .local addresses, and
for a time it looked as if the officers had
a clew- to the prisoner's identity. On one
card the name, Mrs. Lauriate, 312B Turk
street, was written. The, woman proved
to be the wife of a transport officer. She
could not shed any light on the mystery
of t~ Henderson's identity. She did not
know him and could not Imagine any pos
sible way in which the footpad could
have foundout her address. ' On another
card , found in Henderson's pockets the
name, Gus Miller, 1084 Sutter street, ap-'
peared. -This also proved to>be a false
scent. On a receipt for a registered let
ter sent to ' George : Moore alias Mason,
now confined in "the Stockton jail on a
charge of -robbery, the_ name F. Daly, 219
Stockton* street, appeared. ' This address
was a .fake to prevent detection .In case
the j Stockton . authorities j intercepted the
letter. There^ is no such number as; 219
Stockton street, : and the place where . it
should be- is a public park.' The* card of
a nearby Stockton-street saloon was also
found on Henderson. These clews > tend
to < shdw ¦ that the ¦ prisoner was familiar
with i that: neighborhood. It was, learned
last night that Mrs. , Lauriate worked In
a Stockton-street candy, store up to a
week •¦¦ ago. . A permit issued by Sheriff
Lackmann for ; John Gilley : to visit R.
Galley, now confined .in, the County "Jail
on a, charge of robbery, : was ¦ also *. found
among Henderson's; papers. .-The address
given in this paper. was. also a fake.
Policeman 5 Robinson was one- of the
most popular and efficient officers in the
department. He was a Free Mason. and
had, taken the third degree in ; the order
only, a short time, ago. He was an un
married . man, but he leaves ¦ an aged
mother, of whom he was . the • sole sup
port./ ¦.,';.-, •;¦; &p. .' :>•.; , . .¦¦ ,¦ . , •'
At the autopsy held s upon '. Robinson's
remains last night .it was found that the
bullet which caused '-¦ the brave I officer's
death entered his stomach about one inch
to the right of <the < navel. and ranging up
ward, | downward 1 and backward,' pene
trated- the intestines and lodged ¦ in ¦• the
muscles of his back. A second bullet ien
tered the "stomach :¦-• four :. inches to the
right of I the navel • and passing, downward
came out four, inches, below: the -point
where it. had .entered. -.The third bullet
struck the right part of his upper lip and
tore jaway. about::three- inches'of,. flesh,
while a fourth bullet went 1 - hW
Scorpio, a io to i Shot Downs Duckoy. a Nose for the
- Handicap=«Censor Is First.
Adjourns" oAt of Respect
the Memory of
Robinson. -
KENILWORTH HAS HIS SPEED
AND DEFEATS PAUL CLIFFORD
POLICE BOARD
TAKES ACTION
THE SAN V FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNEfiDAY, JANUARY 22, ¦ 1902.
Julius Arguello Forcibly .Carries Off Daughter and
Divorced Wife Wants Him Arrested.
• . _ ¦ , . ... .... •- .1. j I - . ' ¦¦.¦ii .
CHILD IS STOLEN BY HER FATHER
WHILE ON HER WAY TO SCHOOL
tective Coleman was detailed to locate
the child and arrest Arguello. I '.".*¦
It appears that Arguello, who is 9, mem
ber of the v well-known San Jose family of
that name, married the mother of -the
child ten years ago. In 1900 the wife se
cured a divorce and was awarded the cus
tody of the child. .Arguello has always
tried to see Claire, but the child had ¦ no
love for him. ; For the last week., he
hovered in the vicinity of the school at
tended by the little girl and tried to in
duce her to go with him. Failing in this
he waited for her yesterday morning.- He
•was accompanied by a woman and. when
Claire passed the pair Arguello grabbed
her and the woman snatched her books.
Late yesterday afternoon Arguello tele
phoned to the home- of his former wife,
but she was j absent. He then told i her
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS...
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Writs/
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are belr? mailed to all who
will write to the St£te Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
-suffering' of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided* to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure:
themselves at home. - • ¦ •
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct'
to the desired location, giving strength,
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute- success in
an cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
Fir ous of reaching that great class of men
who are ¦ unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples. will enable
them to see how easy It is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper". reme-'
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a. free sample, carefully sealed In
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to ; write
without delay. / .
A T> V k k.TTK K M H N| ' |*?j
is. Nature's time for rest;'
and the man who does not
take sufficient time to sleep
or who cannot '. sleep when
he makes the effort, is
wearing out his nervous
strength and consuming his
vital power. Dr. Miles'
Nervine brings sweet,
soothing, refreshing sleep.
Don't let another, night
pass, i Get it to-day.
"I am a druggist, so when I was
troubled with insomnia a few years ago
I took Dr. Miles' Nervine and found !
immediate relief. I have not been
troubled with that disease since."
ILL. Howard, Madison^Wis. ;
D*. Miles' .^
soothes the nerves, nour-
ishes the brain, and re-
freshes the entire organism. ;
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Col, Elkhart, IndTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 22.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Times' and Heights of High and Low
at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. . Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. -\ •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the. .city -• front. (Misslon-sireet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Jan 21 — Stmr Kaiser
in Maria Theresa, from New York, for Naples
and Genoa. ¦ • *'
MORORAN— Sailed Jan 1C— Stmr Oceano.
from Tacoma. etc, for Manila.
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, via Yokohama,
Nnr-isaki and' Shanghai. -
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Rhyn
dam, from New York. 'for Boulogne- Sur-Mer.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Kaiser
¦\Vilhelm der- Grosse, for' Bremen, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; stmr Georglc, for Llver-
NAPLES— Arrived Jan IS — Stmr Common
wealth,' from Boston, via Genoa and Alexan-
VlJUSHIXG— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Borneo,
from Tacoma, via St Vincent, C \.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
IQUIQUE— Sailed Dec 0— Br bark Inverklp.
for Tacoma. ¦ . • ...
TOCOPILX.A — In port Nov 18— i-Br bark.Lyd
gate,' for San Francisco. - • :. . .
JUNIN— In port Nov SO^-Br ship Grenada,
for Oregon.' . . . - • ¦ \
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan "20— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. . ' • : *'r -•--¦» — ;
TENERIFFE^ — Arrived prior to Jan 21 — Ger
stmr Memphis, hence Oct 10. ' " ¦'
NANAIMO — Arrived Jan 20 — Etmr Mlneola,
from Port Los Angeles. . '
PANAMA— Arrived Dec 29— Br stmr : Chill,
hence Dee 7. Jan 5— Stmr City of Sydney,
hence Dec 9, to sail Jan 7. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 8— Ger bark Thek
la, i for Tacoma. .. •
Sailed Jan 21 — Br stmr Doric, for San Fran
cisco.
SAL.INA CRUZ— Arrived Jan 19— Schr Ethel
Zane. • from Eur'eka.- ¦ 2 *^.
COMOX— Arrived Jan 21 — Ger stmr Den
derah. from Xanalmo. !
VICTORIA — Arrived. Jan 21 — Br stmr Amur,
from Alaska. '• ' • „
VANCOUVER— Arrived prior to Jan 21—
Ger stmr NIcaria. from Port Blakeley.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth, time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ; occurs. - The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts.. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters. .-.¦¦'"¦.
Tlie steamer Gaelic ' sailed yesterday for
China and Japan'wlth a general cargo, -valued
at $248,200. manifested ; and t destined as : fol-.
lows: For China, I117.S40; .', Japan." $95,292;
Philippine Islands. 126,845;. East Indies, $3107;
Korea. $R7C; • Vladivostok. . $1500; South Africa.
$2800.;- The following -were, the principal • ex
ports: . •. '.
•• To • China — 11.640 ' bbls ,. flour, : 434 • cs canned
goods,' 2714 lbs 5, cs' cheese, 3 cs champagne, 5
pkgs dry . goods, 350 ¦ lbs ; X - cs ., dried i fruit, •: 14
pkgs drugs, \0 pkgs freshTruit,: 1060 pkgs gro
ceries and •' provisions,"- 1129 \ lbs ginseng, : 0010
lbs ham and bacon. 11 . bales leather, ¦ 1200 ; lbs
lard, 599 cs liquors, 4597, lbs meal, 52; pkgs
machinery. .14 crs onions r ',8400 lbs pearl barley,
2500. lbs dried peas, 271 cs. canned salmon, 32,
3(59 lbs dried' shrimps, 000 lbs ' sugar.: 5340 'lbs
tanning grease, -.2472 bdls. wire 'shorts.'- 350 cs
Tlie Gaelic's!' Cargo.
The • barkentine W. .' H. Dimond, and the
Echooner Rosamond will. load' merchandise here
for Honolulu.', ' - - . ¦ '- ' ''
The British • steamer ' Neptune . Is chartered,
for .wheat at- Portland • for -• St. • Vincent for
orders, 41s 3d, prior to' arrival. ¦ v .
Shipping Merchants.
The British, ship* Ardnamurchan is 'chartered
prior to • arrival . for • wheat 'at Portland for
Europe, 37s 6d. ' .. •'.: * u. : .:, * ¦•
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF f. THE OCEAN."
. The Weather Bureau received yesterday
a new telescope from Paris. The instru
ment will be set up at Point Reyes and
used for sighting ships. ¦ .— .
New Telescope for Point Reyes.
:.'V -';. :' ; •••; ''¦';.,'' ' ; •¦ Tuesday, January! 21.
Stmr State of California, > Swanson. ¦ San
Diego ;.Goodall. Perkins. & Co. - . ¦ •¦•>•¦•.-¦. ¦
Stmr Coos Bay, 1 Glelow, , San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins &Co. -....--¦ r ¦¦...: ¦: .—¦¦¦
Stmr; Artec. Trask, ¦ Tacoma; '¦ P M , SS : Co. ' 1
.¦: Nor I'strar .:• Tellua, • Pedersen, ¦:' Ladysmith; ¦ R
Dunsmuir'B Sons Co. . - : 7 :--»;-. .:¦. ¦¦¦"/ . ¦¦
:, • Br ' stmr ? Arab. . Wlll«, Hongkong, , via Kobe;
Sperry Flour Co. ;¦ ' • , . ,-. . - - r- .. . •
¦¦. Br ship Glaucus., Bennett, Queenstown; G.W
McNear. ¦¦-'¦•¦- - ' \ : ¦ '-. .¦-..
: Br stmr.Gaellc, Finch, Hongkong, etc;' O',&
OSS Co. ; v '-';•: -v ¦' -.;¦ ¦ .
Br ship Eva Montgomery, Harrison,.Queens
town: Balfour,' Guthrie : &- C6. v -- - •• ¦ ;, *¦
¦ " Fr. bark Marguerite Dollfus. Sautrel/ Queens
town; ¦ KBDln»er,-&. Co. % ,". . • . .--,;.
CLEARED.
. Tuesday. January 21.
Stmr'Alameda. Herrlman, C days from Hono
lulu. ',1 .¦•••".-. ¦ : • ....
Stmr South Coast, Olseri. 14 hours from Al
bion." • :; • • :: .- ;, ... ....¦¦•-
Stipr Washtenaw, Parker, 4 days from Ta
coma; Oakland " direct. ¦ • -; ¦ , ,• ¦
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, 4& days from ' Ta
coma. ¦¦'-;¦¦ <\ ¦':•'¦¦ ' ,. .¦.¦¦...•"•-.:,••;¦¦..¦
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy.U days 11 hours from
Panama. • : - • . . ¦ ,
. Stmr Lakme, Nelson, 82 hours from Port
land."" - . . .
Br ship Sllberhorn. Glbaon, 130 days from
Liverpool. . , : '•
Br-BhlD . Flintshire, Cooner, 145 days" from
Swansea. . • - ¦¦•-¦• '¦
-' Bark Fresno. Peterson. IS days from Port
Gamble. • < ¦ ¦ - i - '
Bark Olympic, -Glbbs, 16 days from-Kaano
pali:" - . . ¦ ¦•'..-
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl, 10 days , from" Wil
lapa> Harlfor. . " .. : .
.8chr Laura Pike; Johnson, 4 days from Eu
reka. ; V " ¦'. '•.•': '¦-¦ ¦ '¦'¦ '.'¦.- ' - J ¦ ¦¦¦:
¦ -Schr Advent, Olsen, .10 days from Columbia
River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The British ship Crown of Denmark,
bound ; from Hamburg to'. Santa Rosalia,*
was yesterday reported ashore V in the
English Channel.- She was got off 'and
anchored in Margate Roads. She Is said
to have been badly attained.
Crown of Denmark Ashore.
The bark Olympic, one of the few true
four-masted barks of this coast, arrived
yesterday, sixteen days from . Kaanopali.
Captain Glbbs reports having encountered
on January 10 a very heavy southwesterly
gale with high seas, which the Olympic
weathered,' however, with little incon
venience. ¦ .-
Olympic Encounters Heavy Gale.
60,855 lbs malt, 1840 ft lumber, 122 lbs
cheese; 2500 lbs raisins, 2250 lbs dried fruit,
5 bbls cocoanut oil, 10 cs eggs, 2031 lbs beans,
250 gals wine. -3 pkgs machinery, 200 tins
matches, 4S10 lbs butter. 3 rolls leather. 21.J
lbs ham. 820 *als lubricating oil.-- 23 cs canned
goods, 13 pkgs hardware, 329 lbs chloride - of
lime. 751 pkgs fresh fruit and vegetables. 120
lbs chocolate,. 20 pkgs groceries and provisions,"
14 bdls steel and iron, 1600 lbs sulphuric acid.
4 cs drugs,' 6 cs arms and ammunition. • : . . , .
The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday for
Victoria 4 with an assorted merchandise .cargo
for,: the 'principal : British -Columbian ports,
valued . at $7547. \The cargo included the fol
lowing merchandise and produce: .
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The gross earnings for' the year were
shown to have been $2,002,219 42. with ope
rating expenses $1,908.035 54. The. assets
were . estimated at $3,957,276 35 and liabil
ities $3,051,310. ' The sum of $742,867 38
was written oft for depreciation in vessels
Directors — Claus Spreckels. John . D. Spreck
els, A. B. Spreckels, George Fritch, A. S.
Tubbs. W. F. Gibson" and H. \V. Thomas;
president. John D. Spreckels; secretary, H. W.
Thomas. . - > ...
At the. annual meeting of the- Oceanic
Steamship Company held yesterday, the
old officers were re-elected,, as follows:
Old Officers Re-elected.
To join at -Honolulu — \V. R. Baumann, H. R.
Case. H. C. , Hadtwalcker. C. E. Palmer, Rev.
D. Scudder and Mrs. D. Scudder.
Shanghai — Rev. W. s J. Mortimer. Rev. G. E
Hartwell, Mrs. G. E. Hartwell, two children
and infant; Miss Phebe Wells- and Miss Paul
ine E. Westcott. . • •. • ¦ : ;
Hongkong— L. J. Clayburgh. Colonel C.
Kitchener and H. L. Van Winkle.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic sailed yesterday for the
Orient with a heavy cargo and about
forty cabin passengers. She had silver
bars to the value of $200,000 In her treas
ure vault. Among the passengers was
Colonel C. Kitchener, a brother of Lord
Kitchener of Khartoum. .The cabin pas
sengers were aa follows:
For Yokohama — Miss A. M. Archbold. E. A
Blgelow. Mrs. E. A. Bigelow. Rev. Leigh Lay
man. Mrs. Leigh Layman and chliJ. . T. A.
Gleaeon, J. I. McKean and S. K.- Weiricii.
Kobe— Mrs. S. A. Beck, child and infant-
Rev. S. A. Beck. Miss S. Miller, Kev. F. W.'
Steadman and Mrs. F. \V. Steadman and t^n.
Nagasaki — R. D. Rodgers and Mrs. R. D.
Rodgers. - •.
Gaelic Sails for Orient.
FOUR-MASTER THA* ARRIVED
YESTER±>AY AFTER ROUGH
TRIP FROM KAANOPALI.
de Patti, P. Patrizlo. - Captain C. F. Pond
and wife, W. H. Roche. Major B. D. Taylor
and A. A. Young:. .
Grant May Sail Again February 1.
The army transport Grant, which ar
rived Monday evening with Governor
FOREIGN: PORTS.
.-'•' HAMBURG— In port Jan 1— Br ship Clav'er
don, for San Franciacu. f^S^W^^
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan ; 10— Bktn . Omega,
for Eureka; bark. Albert and bktns Archer and
S q Wilder, for San Francisco. Jan It — Jap
strar America Maru, for Yokohama; schr H V>
Rpndlxsen for Port Townsend: schr Jos Russ.
for Kurekk.. JanM2— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for
Fureka- bktn Kllkltat. for Port Townsend;
schr Ja's Johnson, for, Port Townsend. : Jan
l-u-Slmr Eureka." for San Francisco, < via' Ka
hulul. Jan 15-rSchr - A B Johnson, for Port
? 0 To n sMl d Jan 15— Schr Aloha, for Port ToWn
«>nd - ">biD 'Benj ; Sewall, '^for Fremantle. - Jan
1C— Sciir Fannie Adele, for PugrefSound..JJan
is— Snip's p Carleton,' for Puget Sound.
Jan 10— Schr Helene, hence Dec 25:
Jan stmr '¦•America- Maru,- hence Jan 4: stmr
Alameda. hence : Jan: 4. ' Jan .14 — Br ,«trar
Moana from Sydnay; Chll.- bktn • AHa. from
Newcastle,' NSW; .Bhtp. Star - of Bengal, from
Newcastle, NSW., Jin 15— Schr Golden Shore
and bktn Newsboy,' from Newcastle, NSW. ¦
KAHULUI— To sail Jar. 12— Bktn Quickstep,
for- Puset Sound; bark Antlope,'. for .Oyster
HllyO— In- port • Jan:9—^Barks "Amy Turner.
Martha Davis > and:- A.nn1e Johnson: schr W--F
Wltzeman, 0 ¦ M Kellogg, /Defender and ¦ Otlllle
Fjord ;. bark f Marlon Chllcotf.v* -
ISLAND PORTS.
Arrived Jan 20 — Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skagwity . ¦ ' ¦ - - -
Arrived Jan 21— Br stmr Neptune. - from
Hongkoiig. . ¦ ¦ - '
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for Val
dez; stmr Dlilgo, for Skagway.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan. 20 — Schr North
Bend, hence Jan 11.
'. PORTLAND — Sailed Jan 21— Schr Roy Som
ers, lor San Francisco. ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 21— Aus stmr Mar
gherita. from Tacoma; Br bark Galgorm Cas-"
tie. from Table Bay; schr Compeer, hence
Sailed Jan 21— Br bark Falklrk. for Tacoma;
stmr Klmorc, for TlUamook.
J2URE.KA— Arrived Jan 21— Stmra Wvstport
and San Pedro, hsnee Jan 20; schr Fortuna,
hence Jan 17. '' -¦ , -
• Sailed' Jan 21— Stmra North Fork 5 and Eu
reka, for-' San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 21— Schr Beulati.
¦°Arrlved Jan 20~Schr Occidental, from Eu
reka 1 Bchr Maweema. from Grays Harbor.
BO'WFNS LANDING— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr
Cella, hence Jan 21. Jan 21— Stmr Navarro,
Passed In Jan 21— Br
stmr Neptune, from Honskongr.
Arrived Jan 21— Br .'. stmr Victoria, from
Li FORT URAGG— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Arc
tic hence Jan 20.
. Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Noyo. for San Fran-
Cl MENDOC1NO — Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Phoenix.
f jTACOMA— SaUed Jan 21— Bktn Aurora, for
Sh A?flved Jan 21-Stmr Victoria. ~\ from Hong-
Jan 21— Br stmr Pins Suey, to Ori
ent with careo valued at $702,071. largest on
recori ever sent from Puget Sound;- schr Mar
1O^VN r D|G^sffi Jan 21-Schr Mabel
"¦^•Arrived Jan^-t-^-Stmr Santa Rosa, and sailed
%EAH F B3Sr-PaMW> in Jan 21-Stmr Plel a :
des, hence Jan 18, for Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Rainier, for
New Whatcom. •¦ A- ••¦
POINT' LOBOS. Jan 21," 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wlnd.SE, velocity Ti miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per' baVk Olympic — Sailed from Kaanopali
Jan S. On Jan 10 experienced heavy SW gale
with high seas. Spoke nothing on the voyage.
Made Karallones last night. Arrived inside
l'J am, 10 days on the passage.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON, Jan 20 — Br shia Crown of Den
mark, from Hamburg, for .San Francisco,
ashore, got oft and anchored in Margate Roads.
Slightly strained. .
. Stmr Emma was sold to-day by V S Mar
shal to D Beadle for $1G5.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nov 11, off Cape Horn— Br ship Inverlochy,
fronv Swansea, for San- Francisco. .~ •.
Pert Br snip Silberhorn— Sept 16. lat .49 N,
Ion VO "VV, Br ship Dunstaftnase. from Shields,
for San Francisco. .. Sept It), lat \ 47 N. Ion
12 50 W, Br ship Samaritan, from Shields, for
San ¦ Francisco. „„ ' _
Per Br ship Flintshire— Nov 13, . off Cape
Horn, Br ship Arranmore.
SPOKEN.
SAILED. ¦,-:••
. . Tuesday, January 21.
' Stmr' Umatilla,' Cousins. ¦ Victoria. 7 .
Stmr, Aberdeen, Higrgins, . .
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. 'Victoria and Port
Townsend. . j ¦ •¦-.
Stmr Gipsy.' Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Acme. Lundquist, Trinidad. I
:. Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Br stmr Algoa, iHansford, Seattle, Mo ji and
Manila. \ . ¦¦-/ • . - - , : v ' " ¦
Schr Mayflower, Gudmanson, •Coquille River.
Schr Corinthian. -Korth, . >r .
Schr R W Bartlrtt/ Nielsen, Grays Harbor.
About a week out from Manila the
Grant encountered 'some" "very heavy
weather. The Fourth Infantry, which
returned on the transport. , has been or
dered to Texas. The casuals, mostly time
expired men, were landed at Angel Island,
where they will remain until paid off
and discharged. ¦ ¦ • ,
On January 1— Cornelius ' F. Havey,- private.
Thirty-fifth Field Artillery; January 2~- W||.
liam Ryan, quartermaster's' department, Ma
nila, and George H.~ Williams, private, troop
H. Sixth Cavalry;: January 3 — Fred E. Bryan,
private. Company "F, Ninth Infantry. I
General Taft, will probably turn her nose
Manllaward about February 1.' Before
going, however, she will be put on the
drydock and cleaned. It was partly on
account of her foul bottom that she took
so long to make the voyage just ended.
Apart from that, however, she took the
southern route, on account of the Invalids
aboard. She brought seventy-four cabin
passengers, four second class and 1110 In
the steerage. Of, the latter 203 were dis
charged soldiers and 858 enlisted men.
She brought 37 prisoners. 116 sick and
wounded and five insane. There were
four deaths on the trip, all from con
sumption. The remains were brought
home. Those that died were: .
J. P. Allen. AV. T.I. Alexander, F. A. Bow
man. E. S. Boyd. B. R. Banning, M. Brettz
nan. Miss Colburn. Mrs. H. E. Cook*. Miss
Costigp.n. J. G. Doane and wife, S. Drake, if,
TV. Damon. Mies Doffman, W. B. Flansburg.
O. H. Fethers and wife. Mrs. H. Focke. child
end maid: F. Gillespie. J. Gomez. 1\'. H. How
erd. Miss A. Heyward. Miss X. F. Hawley,
Mrs. £. Kuber, P. Krogrman, C. .Kaiser. C. II.
I^jinburg and wife. A. L*\-ey. S. Levey, T. J
McCabe. Mr. Melirter.s. AV. H. Mixer, Miss r.
Miller. Miss E. May. J. Nepel, S. Peyser. U
Oceanic Steamship Company's
I Alameda arrived In port yester
| day afternoon from Honolulu
. i. ¦w-Ith fortj--four cabin passengers,
. fifty-five passengers in the steer-
Egre. four stowaways and a big cargo.
The presence on board of the four unde
eired passengers caused quite a delay In
clearing quarantine. The Alameda was
detained while the quarantine officials
made up their minds as to the disposal
cf the stowav.\iys. They were finally
landed at Ange! Island, where their case
•will be considered later. Among the
freight was a large consignment of
bananas, €500 bunches, a remarkably big
shipment for this time of year. The Ala
meda made the trip in six. days and bad
fairly rine weather from port to port. -
The Alameda's cabin passengers were:
I Those inclined to the belief that tHe
Condor was lost when the r Matteawan
went down point to the fact that- the
steamer Queen City, on her last trip from
the west coast, reported, that the broken
pieces of a hardwood ship's boat, painted
white inside and outside and. with a dark
rim around the gunwale, had been found
on Bonilla Point, near Carmanah. Boats
of this description are carried by . war
ships and by but few othercraft. . ,";,. |
The missing Condor is one' of seven ves
sels of the same type which were
launched by the builders In England at
the same time. One of these "was -the
sloop-of-war Wasp, which was lost about
five years ago. She was , never heard of
after - sailing from England;; and of'hur
-total -complement- none: escaped , and: not
a vestige of the- wreck was ever found. ]
. The I Condor- was a. new vessel, f being
the fourth of that name In the: British
navy. She was of 9S0 tons, 1400 horse
power and carried in all 140 men; She
was commanded by •. Captain Clifton
Slater, well knowh-as'a' capable: sailor,
whose wife Is a resident of Victoria, and
Is nearly distracted with grief' over the
cheerless news which was received to
day. ..¦¦¦ " . • !¦- ¦ ' > ' : - ¦ '
' The other offlcersof the Condor; were:
Lieutenants James B. Mason, Hay -Win
throp and- Henry V. T. Proctor; Surgeon'
Thomas S. HartlyV Assistant- Paymaster
•William H. Franklin. Gunner Arthur D.
A. Bums and Artificer George J.Dltton.
, With the exception of Lieutenant H. V.
T. Proctor, all her officers joined the Con
dor^ when she- was > commissioned • .it
Chatham on November 1, 1900. Lieuten
ant Proctor joined the vessel on April 2
last. . • ; . _ ' , ;
whisky, 21 cs 1082 gals wine. , . ,
To Japan — 510 bbls flour, .51 pkgs • bicycles
and sundries, 1C96 lbs butter,. 74 cs canned
goods, 1200 bales cotton. 126 lbs cheese. 28C0
lbs dried fruit.- 3 pkgs drugs, 2 pkgs electrical
supplies, 234 pkga groceries and provisions. 29
pkgra hardware. 110 bdls .leather. 4 pkgs ma
chinery. 23.279 lbs nitrate. 227.13.1 lbs nitrate
of Eoda. 1720 lbs raisins.' 5 cs rubber shoes, 30
cs rubber goods. 168,000 lbs soda ash. 300 cs
soap, 250 kegs Eour krout, 100.000 lbs salt, 12.">,- >
C67 lbs tan bark. 40 bbls tanning extract, 57 cs
whisky. 480 gals wine. -; • ; S\i
To Philippine Islands — 3000 lbs meal. 204 lbs
Cried fruit, 0 cs honey, 101 bdls paper. 38 pkgs
rubber goods. 3 pkgs dry goods. 24,587 lbs
beans. 25 cs baking powder, 47 p\i~s painta and
oils, 10 pkgs hardware, 100 cs mineral water,
10 pkprs groceries and provisions, 000 cs 5 pkgs
salmon. 1937 cs canned poods.' 2000 crs -pota
toes. 14 cs shoes. 5 cs 120 gals wine. 21 bxs
lemons, 60 bxs oranges, 5000 lbs ham. 2100 lbs
lard. • ¦'•..' ¦¦:•¦ ¦¦...- . •,.•
] To East Indies— 229 cs canned goods. 0 pkgs
groceries, C1G gals wine,' 441 cs canned sal
mon. ¦ _ • .¦ • y „
To Korea — 17 pkgs groceries and provisions.
1 .cs canned fruit. 2 crs .- bicycle sundries. 4
pkgs mining supplies, 1 printing machine, 5 cs
type. .¦¦¦•'¦¦ ¦- ' • ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦'...-¦:.-
To Vladivostok— .>". pkgs radiators and
parts. .
To South Africa— 700 cs canned salmon.
Another opinion advanced by some of
the naval men at Esquimau and which
offers the largest measure of hope,"" is .that
the Condor, driven . from ¦ her course by
storms, may have continued under sail
to the . Pitcalrn Islands, and the other
islands of the South Seas where the
cables do not touch. Her ultimate ;desti
nation was the Pitcalrn Islands, but she
was to have gone by way of .Honolulu,
and was scheduled to arrive there :on
December 13. ' ¦ > . . , ' ' ' . ' :'"
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 2L— When. It was
learned here to-day that the . liner Ala
meda had arrived In San Francisco, bring
ing no news of the missing British sloop
of war Condor,' hope that the'vessel had
not gone down was abandoned by the gen
eral public. The fact that the "Condor
sailed out of the straits on the evening
of the awful gale in which the Matteawan
was. lost and which buffeted the larger
warship Warsprlte. aroused forebodings
weeks ago, when the vessel was but a few
days overdue. Nearly seven .weeks have
now elapsed since the Condor sailed and
the. opinion of. landsmen and. many ship
ping men is that she will never be. heard
irom again. ' V- --,'¦'¦'
Despite the gloomy outlook the officers
of the Admiralty profess to have not lost
hope.- Captain Meet of H. M.S. Phaeton,
which left ' yesterday In search of the
sloop, was of the opinion that she had run
short of coal, or possibly had broken her
shaft and was sailing to the islands in
the face of the heavy head winds which
are' known to. have prevailed foe some
time past. He instanced cases where it
has taken other warships as long as forty
eight days to reach Honolulu and where
liners have drifted without their propellers
and under scant canvas for months. .
Captain Simpson of. H. M. »S. Egerla,
who is now commanding officer of this
station, is also hopeful that the Condor
will arrive in port -eventually. He is of
the opinion that the Condor has been de
layed by. some accident. She is a small
vessel and cannot carry much coal. Hav
ing to' battle with winds and heavy seas,
her engineers would have endeavored to
husband their coal, of the quality of
which there were many complaints be-^
fore she left port. In this event, with her
scant supply- of canvas and her record
1 as a slow sailor, it would not be surpris
ing that she had not' yet reached Hono
lulu. ... " - .
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
Missing Sloop Not Spoken by
Any Vessel Sailing to
this' Islanda :
Alameda Brings .From
Honolulu No News
cf Warship.
DASHES HOPE
THAT CONDOR
IS NOT LOST
THE SAN pANCISCOCALL,::{^EDNESDAY^ JANUARY 22, l»O2.
Grant to Sail the First of Next Month==»Oceanic Steam=
ship Company Elects Officers.
GAELIC DEPARTS FOR ORIENT;
ALAMEDA AND ARGYLL ARRIVE
5
Sun rlsas .-..'....' — ! 7:22
Sun sets.. 6:21
Moon sets.. . • 3=50 a..tn.
a Time . Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
j LW II W LWV H W ¦
2*T IJTsa 2.8 0:30 «.O 4:34— 1.0 11:S» 4.3
•£i 4:!rt U.7 IO:HO B.9 B:l» — 0.0...'
H W 1. W ¦ H W L W
24 0:19 5.1 5:09 2.6 11:20 5.8 0:01 — O.S
"5 1:00 5.2 B:02 2.4 !2:10 5.0 6:4.1 —0.4
a« 1:40" 6.3 e:R« S.2 1:01 6.2 7:24 0.2
27 2:20 5.4 7:53 2.1 1 :5» ' 4.8 8:04 -0.7
28 2:S9 6.4 8:3C - 2.0 2:58 4.3 S:46 1.3
20 3:42 - 6.3 10:00 1.01 *:01| 4.0| 0:33 1.3
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalla.
PJar.
t _ — — — — -i 1— _
January 22. I
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 12 m|PIer 2
Argo . Coq\Jllle River 4 pm|Pl«r 2
Alliance... Portland & "Way Pts. 10 am. Pier 10
Mandalay. Coqullle River 12 mjPler 2
Herodot... Hamburg. & Way Pier 3*
Pomona... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier !•
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Stats Cat.. San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier U
Coos Bay.. Newport & "Way.... 9 am Pier IX
January 23. (
Czarina Seattle •'& Tacoma... 12 m Pier 8
Iaqua . Humboldt 5 pm Pier —
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports. . 3 pmiPler »
Rival Willapa Harbor | 6 pm|Pler 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. Ill am 'Pier 2-*
January 24. |
Fulfon Grays Harbor. 5pm|Pterl«
Lakrne.... Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay S. 10 am Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt "Jam Pier 13
January 25. I
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 12 m|PlerlS
Point Arena Point Arena. ¦£ piuit-ior i
North Fork Humboldt » am] Pier 2
Alameda.. Honolulu 2 pmiPler 7
January 2ti. |
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am]Plerll
Bonlta Aewport & Way Pts. VamtPivnl
City Puebl Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPier U
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am] Pier 2
. - • -¦ January lit*. I
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Ortord 12 mj Pier 13
Argyll..... N. T. via Panama.. 2pmiPlerlf>
City Para.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. UamPier-l
January 29. I
Sequoia .... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
January 3O.
H. K. Mara China &. Japan 1 pm PMS3
' . January -31.
Nlcaria Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Pier —
Queen.:.?. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am] Pier 9
Steamer.
For.
Sail*.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 23
Kxcelaior Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. Jan. z9
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. SO
Cottage City. Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 3i>
bieamer.
ou.
>u».
Phoenix...... Mendoclno .'....; Jan. K
Crescent City Crescent City.:...... ... Jan. '£
Empire...:.. Coos Bay Jan. 2".
M. Dollar Grays Marbor..: Jan. It
Nome City... San Pedro..... Jan. £
Eureka - Humboldt . . Jan. 2.
Coronado.... San Pedro .......:..... Jan. 2fi
City Puebla. : Fuget Sound , Ports. . . . . Jan. 2;
KortbFork.. Humboldt ......¦......: Jan. '£.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. .*.'.;.'. Jan. T.
Bonlta.. . Newport & Way Ports. Jan. ~
bantu Roaa. . San Diego & - Way Pts Jan.' -:
Pt Ar»n«. Point Arena .: Jan. 2;
Despatch...'.. San Pedro ............. Jan. 2:
Iaqua. ....... San Pedro ............. Jan. £
Titanla. ..... Nanalmo .............. Jan. 2
Fulton.'. ..... Redondo '..... Jan.'2-
Progreso .'...;; Seattle ................. Jan. '2
Sequoia. ..... | Graya 'Harbor. ......... Jan. 2!
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria...-. Jan. L 1 !
Pomona.'.'.'..'. Humboldt; Jan. 2!
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro. ............. Jan. 21
State ofCal.. gan ; Diego & Way Pta. Jan. 21
China........ China & Japan Jan. r
Curacao. .. . . . Mexican Ports ........ Jan. 1'
Sierra...'..... Sydney .& Way Ports.. Jan. 2'
Queen. ....... Puget Sound' Ports '..".. Jan. 2
Coos Bay.*. . .' Newport.- & "Way Ports. Jan. 2"
Rainier....:. Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 2:
City Sydney.. Panama. & Way Ports,'. Jan. 2!
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan. ?¦
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria'.*... Jan. ."i
Leelanaw . . . . New Ycrk via Panama.] Jan. 3
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalla.
PJar.
t _ — — — — -i 1— _
January 22. I
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 12 m|PIer 2
Argo . Coq\Jllle River 4 pm|Pl«r 2
Alliance... Portland & "Way Pts. 10 am. Pier 10
Mandalay. Coqullle River 12 mjPler 2
Herodot... Hamburg. & Way Pier 3*
Pomona... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier !•
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Stats Cat.. San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier U
Coos Bay.. Newport & "Way.... 9 am Pier IX
January 23. (
Czarina Seattle •'& Tacoma... 12 m Pier 8
Iaqua . Humboldt 5 pm Pier —
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports. . 3 pmiPler »
Rival Willapa Harbor | 6 pm|Pler 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. Ill am 'Pier 2-*
January 24. |
Fulfon Grays Harbor. 5pm|Pterl«
Lakrne.... Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay S. 10 am Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt "Jam Pier 13
January 25. I
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 12 m|PlerlS
Point Arena Point Arena. ¦£ piuit-ior i
North Fork Humboldt » am] Pier 2
Alameda.. Honolulu 2 pmiPler 7
January 2ti. |
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am]Plerll
Bonlta Aewport & Way Pts. VamtPivnl
City Puebl Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPier U
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am] Pier 2
. - • -¦ January lit*. I
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Ortord 12 mj Pier 13
Argyll..... N. T. via Panama.. 2pmiPlerlf>
City Para.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. UamPier-l
January 29. I
Sequoia .... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
January 3O.
H. K. Mara China &. Japan 1 pm PMS3
' . January -31.
Nlcaria Hamburg & Way Pts ...... Pier —
Queen.:.?. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am] Pier 9
Sun rlsas .-..'....' — ! 7:22
Sun sets.. 6:21
Moon sets.. . • 3=50 a..tn.
a Time . Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
j LW II W LWV H W ¦
2*T IJTsa 2.8 0:30 «.O 4:34— 1.0 11:S» 4.3
•£i 4:!rt U.7 IO:HO B.9 B:l» — 0.0...'
H W 1. W ¦ H W L W
24 0:19 5.1 5:09 2.6 11:20 5.8 0:01 — O.S
"5 1:00 5.2 B:02 2.4 !2:10 5.0 6:4.1 —0.4
a« 1:40" 6.3 e:R« S.2 1:01 6.2 7:24 0.2
27 2:20 5.4 7:53 2.1 1 :5» ' 4.8 8:04 -0.7
28 2:S9 6.4 8:3C - 2.0 2:58 4.3 S:46 1.3
20 3:42 - 6.3 10:00 1.01 *:01| 4.0| 0:33 1.3
bieamer.
ou.
>u».
Phoenix...... Mendoclno .'....; Jan. K
Crescent City Crescent City.:...... ... Jan. '£
Empire...:.. Coos Bay Jan. 2".
M. Dollar Grays Marbor..: Jan. It
Nome City... San Pedro..... Jan. £
Eureka - Humboldt . . Jan. 2.
Coronado.... San Pedro .......:..... Jan. 2fi
City Puebla. : Fuget Sound , Ports. . . . . Jan. 2;
KortbFork.. Humboldt ......¦......: Jan. '£.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. .*.'.;.'. Jan. T.
Bonlta.. . Newport & Way Ports. Jan. ~
bantu Roaa. . San Diego & - Way Pts Jan.' -:
Pt Ar»n«. Point Arena .: Jan. 2;
Despatch...'.. San Pedro ............. Jan. 2:
Iaqua. ....... San Pedro ............. Jan. £
Titanla. ..... Nanalmo .............. Jan. 2
Fulton.'. ..... Redondo '..... Jan.'2-
Progreso .'...;; Seattle ................. Jan. '2
Sequoia. ..... | Graya 'Harbor. ......... Jan. 2!
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria...-. Jan. L 1 !
Pomona.'.'.'..'. Humboldt; Jan. 2!
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro. ............. Jan. 21
State ofCal.. gan ; Diego & Way Pta. Jan. 21
China........ China & Japan Jan. r
Curacao. .. . . . Mexican Ports ........ Jan. 1'
Sierra...'..... Sydney .& Way Ports.. Jan. 2'
Queen. ....... Puget Sound' Ports '..".. Jan. 2
Coos Bay.*. . .' Newport.- & "Way Ports. Jan. 2"
Rainier....:. Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 2:
City Sydney.. Panama. & Way Ports,'. Jan. 2!
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan. ?¦
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria'.*... Jan. ."i
Leelanaw . . . . New Ycrk via Panama.] Jan. 3
Steamer.
For.
Sail*.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 23
Kxcelaior Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. Jan. z9
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 27
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. SO
Cottage City. Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 3i>
Specialists
tMEN
Strictly Reliable.
f\ The Largest Prac-
tice on the Pa-
cific Coast./
flTHERB ; IS NO 8UCH COXDITION A3
* weaknoa la a man under fifty year* of
Mr«. ota«r than general deblUty. Pr«mature-
• ne««. loss of vtt»llty. etc. arc but symptoms
or wmt damage to tha r«pro(motlve system.
caused by a contracted disorder or early dis-
sipation, la looking- . for U»* location of this
daman w« generally find an enlarged, •wolleu
and Inflamed prostate jland. As this gland 1»
tne very canter of tha reproductive system It
can readily be understood that inflammation of
It-must cause disordered function. These case*
are promptly benefited by proper treatment;
otherwise tha patient goes from bad to wors«.
The essential point In all of. them Is the neces-
•lty of the cure of the focus. of the trouble, In
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness and become discour-
aged, when if an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted instead of tonics. •>
cure would have been the result. In oar ex-
perience there Is no drug- In the pharmacopeia
taken Into the atomach, that will even benefit-
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment is
entirely a local one and prompt results are ob-
tained, aa indicated by increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart
which wo mall on application, is Interesting to
any one wishing- to study tha anatomy of the
male.
Contracted Blood Disease
Cured by the Injection Treatment.
_ After ten years* use of this method we have
had no reason to change: on the contrary, our
belief Increases dally from reports of patients
treated who have married and suffered no re-
.lapse. It offers tha following advantages via •
Saves time for the ' physician and patient, as
well aa labor, office visits . being . rendered in-
frequent. Bealdes. little change . is necessary
In diet or. habits of life, the disease Is readily
concealed and permanent cure is effected in a
•hort time, the stomach is no* drugged and tha
precise dosage is obtainable. The expense also
Is greatly reduced.
Dr. Talcott & Co., 997 Market St., Cor. 6th
Weekl7 (M $1.00 uer Year
. THE EMPOBIXJM. • . c V |; THE EMPOBITTM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I veits. Many Departments . Ri^°" Sa l^r I
ft Beginning to-day, we offer ioo ¦ W ¦ — - ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ . ¦. Imported Novelty Fancy Ribbons; X
J» dozen B'ack Pattern Veils, new MfB 01^11101*1110 WOt* SpSCB M very pretty looi wcaTtj;^
X ¦" styles and very pretty; worth »5c #««« •*«*¦«*<» ma mams* - V*» Tf"« f 1 *»f w »«khs, 3 and 4 inches; made to «
I : and 3 5c e achTatthT!ipeciar S alc ™© NCWSpafierS lO Tell Of , cD at 20c and * 5 c yardj %
$ price of . ... , :i7o "Glean-up" Bargains. «ie P ric« nO w.. 120,170*
__ •-••_*_ n" K 4* So we are compelled to make descriptions very brief to-day. HfOSiBM m lf 3^
** NeCK KUuS. You must see the goods themselves in order to apprechte £&? nbbed top, pla^top and *
Jf ,'A lot of good quality liberty the'r real mert and cheapnefs. ¦ Not half of the special drop stitch; aoc'and 25c ralues, «
j^ Silk Ruffs; very ful and .va'ues we give obtain a place in our advertisements. To- no^ . . 14c *
»* pretty ; worth $ 2 . bo ; of day, for examp'e, the following departments, though ready La<Ecs * 3 S c Hoaery, now . . ••
•C . which only 98 ae left: ; with great attractions, have been cheated < of newspaper children's "2-c Polka Dot How j»
if now cut to. . w .$1.48 ¦'" . mention, dus to pressure from other quarters: Men's now 13o •*
tf ~ ¦ — — ~~~" /; Clothing ' and Furnishings, Muslin Underwear, Laces, ' 5 ' £
Jj SiHfOiinG* -Shoes, Trimmings, Furniture and Carpets. ; , Sale Of JJ
K 36 inches wide; choice new —•>-. . - -¦ - ' '---.¦ . - • .¦¦¦¦'' BOWCling. X
%' ¦, .patterns for draperies,com- SpSCial TWO HSyS SBI6S OJ Fully bleached, fast edge, damask J
£ forte-s, etc.;' splendid 10c — Three-Quartet* Coats. —"¦¦¦' to « e ' 5a sj Mlid » d^ w «« ; ne at S
5 - ,- ,/ , :--¦ -. ¦ '-- _ _ ~ - _, — » , *• r ' re<1 oorder; special "clean-up** *2
* and i2^c vaues, on s» e Wednesday and Thursday Only. - price, yard. . . . . . 5, 5
jf : row, yard ... — . . 8c In order to «'c"can-up'* more rapidly -we shall place on ~ : JT
jf . ; o ¦•¦•¦ "¦ .¦'.; ¦ ~~" ; sale for two days only our entire j stock of new silk iin-d Yihlte F"isnnel 0 . jf
J StUttgartCr . Three-Quarter' Coats; all are pure wool, and finest 24-Q ' V3rd. ]»
J Underwear. making. Colors, tan; J^ J-A- 1 3O inches wide; all-wool; ''?*
ft 3 For ladies and children; odd ca!tor^ oxf " ord . and W^^ i^W ' good quality; useful for a Jl
% s'z:s; cut to half price to blaclc » and * l s5zes ; 'Z&atW* f^W dozen purples, "clean- '?
close — a matchless bar- Wednesday and/' ; -^£?^. .^^f «p" P«ce, yard . . . 24o 2
I fi -r^ f Owing 6 the extreme r^«f A i Trimming J
* Children's icw prices a a. alter- I^P\) f' Braids 5
% Vests f2}4c. ations extra. ,-;,'_ A 1 IY *^ " Half Price, g
V Natural gray Vest', sizes i6, •- ' A \ X)e5& •[& Colored Mohair, with piquot edge; J
g l8and2OOnly;Parts,s: 2 e All $10.00 • %A. .Iftjj • 4\ ./.sorted widths; browns, cream, .J
R. , 11 • j ¦¦ Lw ti cut.to ;-.;^Bi75 ¦ / II^CV 0 s\ 1 1- green, cardinal, navy, etc.; no\r 5
g 20 only; regularly 25c and &?$££$ : ///V \ -='¦ ' fl\- • , one-half regular pices. ' $
X 30c, now. ; .. .-. :f2%C Coats cut to. .$8.25 / ] A \ fti^fc^-JM ¦ •*
J " ~~~ All. $1 5.00 Thr'ee-Quartcr -7,. 7 " DreSS GOQtlS %
* Pictures. ; coat.™, t0 . $9.75 \. Uf|\ ff\ ' Remnants. 5
% Choice line of 3 ?c Carbon- All |so.oo Three-Qaarter /¦' / J/lp^ff .\)\\ . \ Until dosing time to-night, hun- %
*- - ettes— 20 sufcjecti;- land- Coats cut t0 ' '$1^45 -/ UM. 1 M l X-~rf<$&\~ drfds «>*«»«»» of black and *
S- . scapes, fanc/heads, figures T £*7£^^ ¦' «J«? *» f«* » «^ •«« $
if 1 ,.,, .".,.. ° . , - Coatscut.to. ... $14*7 O f-Autur I /nnnWJHZ**\-' and suit lengths, at one-quartcr %
I and child studies ; special A1 , . $3o7qo; . Threc _ Quarter '^AfjiJ^iJL*?. , . off the already reduced rem. 5
« . to-day only, each..f7c \ Coats cut to. . . $19*75 > .. ¦" ¦ ' , '.'".'•' /runt pricei. {{
I Crockery Dep't Values. House Furnishings Reduced, |
*>' Urge si«, prettily decorated China Cusp r dores . . ... '. . SHO J5.00 full nickel plated Oil Heaters for .' . $4.37 *
* 50c CutG'ass Pepper and Salts, plated tops, { pair-. •. . '. . : . 33O goc one-burner Gas Stoves, 6 fret of tubing . . ....... .59^ 5
jj 20c Rival Mantles io'r WelsbachL'ght,' double frames .- . " .... 14O £2.50 Wringer, with 10-inch rubber rol'ers, this week .... $1.88 %
If Full s:ze 6-piece semi-porcelain ChamBer Set :.....- v . .$2.25 75c 8-quart enameled steel Saucepans, this week 56 O £
» Imitation cut glass Jelly D sh on foot ...... ...... 15C >i:5O copper bottom, heavy tin Wash Boilers, for . . . . . $1,18 "5
J Decorated China Washsund Set, 3 pieces'. 7 . .• . . . . . . 75O |i. 25 17-quart granite iron Mixing or D'sh Pans .... . . . 77c X
If Engraved thin glass Water Tumblers, dozen .' . : . . . ' .'- • * $I.GO Asbestos iron lined Griddles for roasting and frying, now .... fflQ S
8f 25c Glass Cake Plates, 1 1 inches diameter . . ; .• / . . -.. . : : 16C ,35c Henis Fruit and Vegetable Press, this week . 24c *
g / , > ASO many Other \attracLvs OphvgS.: \ ., .; ' .These an but 8 of 56 u-.su passed Houst Furnishing offers. %
* — "¦ ; •-- — ; — : ; r— — r 2 " — rr- — rr — — ; — — ; \ — 5'
$ Sheetings, £ heets and Cases. LL . Oanne ft Goods Sale. ; j
ft ; ..¦•¦• : ; . ¦•¦„¦ - .... ..- • The big store s annual offering all this week: •. °Z
§ A "e'ean-up" sale of nearly 150 'pieces of Bed Sheeting . in different Extra quality Peaches, Pears, Apricots and Plums, full 3-lb" tins, worth %
If widths - together with several lines of Bleached Sheets and Pi low 30c each, this week . . . . $2.76 P«r doren; single tins, 23 O *
* Cases. Nowhere eke such values as these:, .'..'*- Extra Standard Peaches, Pears, Apricots and Plums, 2^-lb tins, this \
jf 72-inch Bleached Sheeting— less than cost of making; per yard .: f^o week ; . . . . . . . . . $1 t 68 P« dozen; single tins, t4o %
ti 63-incK three-quarter bed Bleached Sheeting; yard .. ..... . 13\iO Singapore Pineapple, sliced or whole, 2^-lb tins, per do^en jf
K 72-inch Unbleached Sheeting; nons better; per yard „ . . ... 13yiC ...... »....' • ' • • • • • . •: • • • $1,8'J; single tins, ISO
j£ Hemstitched' Bleach:d Sheets — the 81-inch wide only— "clean-up" Best Maine Corn, per doren . . . . . . $1.20; »ngle tins, lUO %
1£ price, each .. .... ..... ...... ¦.,.'.-'. 57c Best %Ves.ern Sugar Corn/per 'doien .. "/ .' . .'. 96CJ tins, 80 X
*? Bleached ; Pillow Cases; s : ze 45x36 inches only; "clean-up" price, Extra Quili;y Currant Jelly, 2-lb tins, dozen : .$1.5 6 J each, 13c &
*£ each.-. . . . . . . . .. - .'.,....:.. 9O Select Eastern Oysters, i-lb tins, s for... 253; 2-H> tins,^^ each, 22o •!»
§> Unbleached Pillow Casts; the 45x36-inch sin; a good wcH-made \a«e; Imported French Sardines, dozen . . .... .$1,OOs 3 tins, 25o jf
it ¦' ¦ each. . . . ... . . . . ¦'.¦ . . T :.'.'.. ". . / -7/4O Choice Alaska Red Salmcn, dczen . . . . . $1.QO; 3 tins, 25c 9
% — — p — ; — . ••••';;.. .-;\:,-. -.•::: — - — : • —^- — z
xMsn's Merino Un- Men's Neckwear—
% derWSai* — Soft finsh, 1] rafJiL @olftt» 'l^HSS BS Four- : n-Hands, Imperials, j
*? camei's ha ; r co 1 or, well made, H HP *^ Callforr\ja k J & La>.r«?cat~ ffifffi Puffs and Tecks, 50c quality, *Jt
S» per girmsnt. ....•.-.. 33c ™ ¦ Anvcricald OraJvdcdt Store - nice patterns, now. .23c %
San Francisco, Wednesday, 22 January, 1902.
Hall table, $17.50 I
| O : -.;.". — — ¦ — — O
A table for the hall is pictured above. It was designed
| • for this purpose alone and is of such a shape that it econo-
mizes space where, most room is needed. It is a con-
, venient piece of furniture, and a hall is really incomplete with-
Sout one. Made of oak, finished. a beautiful, golden color, and • .
measuring 34 inches long, 17 inches wide and 30 inches high.
* We also have this table in oak, "dead" finish and Flem-
j ish oak, at $17.50. Other desirable designs are plentiful, should <¦»„¦
you not fancy this particular -one.'
Come in and look— courteous treatment dispensed,
whether or not you purchase. .
O ¦ : — ¦ —O ,
\ (Successors to. California Fvrnitvre Co.)
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.WEDNESDAY JANUARY 22, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. g
leercu AH CtmaoniemUoBi to W. 8. LEAKE. Hwia3«r.
MANAGER'S OFFICC Telephone X»re«» 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Mar Icet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prew SOI.
CDITOEUAXj ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven«o» St.
Telephone Press S02.
Delivered »ir Currier*. 15 Cent- Pe* WeelC
SlBffle Copies. S Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Inclndln* Fostaaret
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $»-M
DAILT CALL flncluttn* &U.dar), • V anths »-W
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). J months 1-M
JTAILT CALL— By Single Month 'So
FTJXDAT CALL. Ob« Tear .". 1 - M
MTEEKLT CALL. On* Tear 1 '°*.
All postmasters are authorised to recelr*
' subscriptions.
: Eanpl* copies will be lorwarded when requested.
Kafl eubserfbers In erderit-g chanre of addrew should t>«
particular to give both MEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to issur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadw|y
C GEORGE KROGJfESR.
X «*f tt Foreign levertisinp. Margtett* Building. Chlet jj.
' ! (Long Distance Telephone "Central tell.") .
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAilLTOX. Herald Sauara
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEJt B. SMITH 30 Tribune Ball ding
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf-Astorts Hotel; -A. Brentano, XI Union Square:
konr liUl HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
therm* n Home: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrcment Bouse: Auditorium Hotel.
IWASHIJfGTOW CD. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., If. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
ERAXCIl OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay. op*n
until t:M o'clock. 300 Hayes, opea until J:SO o'clock. C23
McAllister, ©pen «ntll «:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
1:10 o'clock. 1H1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Eixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
SBtll I o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until I o'clock. NW.
eoraer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
C00 Fffimora. open cntll J p. m.
The le tter r "1" . is ' always in visible, yet
it is never out of sight. vT ; *
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest Winter
Resort in the world, offers beat living, climate,
boating. '.- bathing,' fishing ; : and ' most amuse
ments. E. s. Babcock, manager. Coronado. Cal.
. Another romance of the tireless; European /cor
respondent .-has sunk into, the • , limbo " of exposure.
CharlesjSchwab, : the steel magnate, won 1 only $2o"at
Monte -Carlo- '¦_-':•' ¦"•...'•/' /¦'-." V *.-••.;¦..". ..' v. Vs' '.,.'¦ , : •: : :
A farmer -in the' wilds -¦of/interior New York ; has
agreed to -swap- his wife to a "friend in; exchange for
two cows arul three'. dcgs.aThls: undoubtedly was an
unusually severe hardship; b"n the cows and the dogs.
Fate seems to be unkind to' Admiral Schley, who
appears to be destined to suffer new indignities. The
Democrats in Congress,: with an unkindriess which is
positive ' cruelty, threaten to make him *a party issue.
' It is said the' cadet barracks at West Point have
not been remodeled or. improved since they 'were
erected- nearly a centiiry. ago ,"and . are so crowded
that rooms designed for two cadets are. now fre
quently occupred . by four, /'it is. evident , from that
showing , that . new buildings must be provided, and
thus we: find another .place- to put some of the sur
plus that has been .troubling: the -treasury.
\, ."It has been the habit of the crew when
the cutter comes into the harbor to set a
troll near the vessel for halibut, which are
found in these waters weighing from 50 to
75" pounds. When Quartermaster Peder
sen.'an-enthusiastic fisherman,. hauled in
his line yesterday morning he was reward
ed with a fine halibut, r weighing 170
pounds. The landing j naturally produced
quite a'commotlon on board. But the sur
prising feature occurred when the halibut
was' opened In the ¦ process ; of distribution
to the, messes. -A* blue-bill duck aslarge
as a mallard was found in his stomach in
a perfect ; state of " preservation^ its flat,
bill,' feet and] feathers all in place as. in
life. • The fish, evidently not, satisfied with
his meal, feathers not being ; very digesti
ble, I came ; along,', took the * hook, baited
with "salt herring, which resulted in* his
capture/ I have seen i thousands of : . fish
opened,' i from smelt ; to shark, and knew
that 'sea birds ; caugh\ flsh, but this is the
first instance in my ¦ experience when ' the
ordered . was reversed and a • duck - found
in a &^A'X^SS^SSfSBBBBBSBBBBS
. The remarkable discovery: of .'a full
grown duck in the stomach of a halibut is
reported by Captain Kilgore, of the United
States revenue cutter Rush, now stationed
at Sitka. The fish; an unusually j large
one, 'was caught ..by one. of the Quarter
masters of the cutter November 13. In a
letter to the Post-Intelligencer, dated No
vember 14, Captain Kilgore describes the
landing of the flsh and the discovery of
the bird as follows: .
Duck Found in Fish.
afterward - Senator Hoar and
some of his colleagues heard the story of
the exiled mirror, and grew.; indignant, so,
with: the consent of ' Senator Frye; the
President of the Senate, . it was brought
back arid given a place j of 'honor on the
wall of the Vice ' President's beautiful
chamber, which it . is hoped will be its
final resting. place.. „ , . .
Finally, three years ago, it was sent to
the storeroom," whence it was resurrected
and placed on the wall of .the District of
Columbia committee room- by the clerk,
Charles Moore, who had ¦ intelligence
enough to appreciate the beauty of its
simple design and its value as a relic. *
When John Adams was Vice President
of the United States more than 100 years
ago he paid ?40 for a little gilt-framed
mirror, and there has been trouble about
it ever since. Several Senators in the
course of the debate" over the payment
for. its purchase took occasion to censure
Mr. Adams for. having set an example of
unwarranted extravagance. The mirror
was purchased in New York, brought to
Washington and put in place in the room
occupied by the Vice President,' and for
a great many years was. pointed out to
rural visitors, who were entertained with
more or Ies3 accurate tales of its history.
As years went on the Vice President's
room grew in elegance and the little his
.toric mirror seemed to grow smaller and
less ornate. - . , •
A Historic Mirror.
Rudyard Kipling has to say that the "flan
neled fools at the wickets arid the muddled oafs at
the goals,", of -whom he made mention inhis poem,
are not the young athletes who are with the army' in
South Africa, but those who remain at. home. .. All
the same the common-sense of the world will refuse
to- admit the justice of . giving such names to young
men simply; because they' refuse^ to aid Chamberlain
in carrying out a war. which is at once wanton and
costly.:-' ,¦">¦.. .-\ . ._' ..
PIN MAKING— Subscriber, City. In tha
United States' ho effort at pin making was
made until the wat of 1S12, when tha In
terruption of commerce had raised th<?
price of these useful articles to $1 per
paper. At the old State prison In wh^t
was then called Greenwich village, now a
part of New York City, the first attempts
at pin making were tried, and similar at
tempts were made in the Bellevue Alms
house in 1S29, but both trials were given
up as failures. Meanwhile Lemuel W.
Wright of Masachusetts invented machin
ery to cheapen and improve the manufac
ture of pins. He did not succeed in in
troducing the machines in this country,
so he went to London, England, and there
obtained a patent In 1S24. The first ma
chines did not succeed, but by Improve
ments success was achieved, and solid
headed pins were placed on the market in
1833. In 1832 machines were made by John
I. Howe of New York and were patented
in the United States. These were the fir3t
self-acting machines that really succeed
ed. At first they made the wire head, but
by Improvement they made the solid head.
The Howe Pin Company was established
In Birmingham, Conn.. In 1838. Another
large company was established about tha
same time at Poughkeepsie. N. Y., and
that was finally consolidated with th2
American Pin Company of Waterbury,
Mass.
MOUNT SHASTA— W. C, Weavervllle.
Trinity Co., Cal. The height of Mt. Shas
ta, 14,511 feet, is sufficient to admit of the
peak being seen from a vessel going north
or south of San Francisco. To see it, how
ever, It would have to be a very clear day.
The range of vision Is one hundred and
eighty miles and ; the mount Is but 138
from the shore line-- On a clear day the
mount is visible north, of the Humboldt
county line. Between it and the ocean
there Is a peak 8000 feet high.
HEMATITE— Laytonvllle, Mendocino
County, Cal. Hematite or specular iron
ore is one of the most common ore3 of
iron designated by its color into red and
brown hematite. It does not attract the
magnet. These ores are composed chiefly
of peroxide of Iron and are a very Im
portant source of metallic Iron. They oc
cur largely in metamorphic strata and
are found sometimes crystallized In vari
ous forma,
- Enormous quantities of quinine are con
sumed in this country. It is cheaper now
than ever before. Many remember when
It cost from $2 50 to $3 an ounce, before
the tariff was taken. off. Now it costs
about 50 cents an ounce. The New York
Press puts it this way: The druggist on
the next corner charges 10 cents for a
dozen two-grain caps'ules of quinine. The
one in the middle of the block. charges 7
cents. Both are "cut-rate" houses. Now,
let's see: An ounce of quinine costs the
dealer 31 cents. ] Each ounce contains 4S0
grains, sufficient for 240 two-grain cap
sules, or twenty dozen, sold over th3
counter for 1140 to $2. Capsules cost 20
cents a pound and there are enough in a
pound to contain many ounces of quinine.
The quinine the druggist sells for $2 costs
him (capsules: included) 32 cents. He 13
making, therefore, a profit of over 500 per
cent on what is actually a household ne
cessity. It is no exaggeration to say. that
quinine is a staple. In. numerous localities
it is eaten as regularly as food. Men and
women pour it into the palm of the hand
and toss itvdown their throats. Ohio and
Florida— my! my! The Government might
regulate the price, as the . English Gov
ernment does in India, where quinine Ja
more necessary that meat. Quinine ia sold
at every rural postofflce in India at the
rate of five grains for a farthing. That
is ten grains for a cent," or 48 cents an
ounce, retail. In Bengal . alone 1,440,000
five-grain packets are sold annually. The
Government used to* import 1250,000 worth
of quinine every year, but Lieutenant
Colonel King, superintendent" of the Royal
Botanic Gardens in Calcutta, has intro
duced its cultivation in India, and there
are now 4.0O0.C0O trees in Bengal.
Great Quinine Consumption.
ARTICLES OF DIET— Curious, City. It
Is said that certain articles of diet are
beneficial in certain ailments, as follows:
Celery, for rheumatism and nervousness;
lettuce, for insomnia: peanuts, for indiges
tion and diabetes in the corpulent; onions,
for neuralgia; spinach, for gravel; ripe
fruit as a blood purifier; watermelon, for
epilepsy; cranberries, for erysipelas, and
tomatoes, for the liver.
A primitive sort of Turkish bath i3 in
dulged in by some of the Finlanders of
Northern Norway. In winter in this part
of the country the thermometer averages
40 degrees below zero and water bathing
is not practicable.
These Finlanders, unlike the Lapps far r
ther north, have an instinct for bodily
cleanliness and manage to preserve it
after the following fashion: Paul du
Chaillu, who spoke from personal expe
rience, declared the method' fine. Each
hamlet has a bathhouse for common use.
It is perhaps fifteen feet long by twelve
wide. It boasts no windows, and only
when the door is opened can air or light
enter. In the middle of the interior is an
ovenlike structure of bowlders 1 piled one
upon the other.
Rows of seats constructed of the
branches of trees run along the sides of
the wall. There is no other furnishing.
Bathing day comes ojice a week—Sat
urday. Uarly in the morning of that day
¦wood is . brought and a fire started.
' "When the stones . become hot the fire Is
put out, the place cleaned, a large ves
sel of water and some slender birch twigs
brought In and the preparations declared
complete.
As no dressing-room is provided toilets
ore unmade, and made in the various
homes. -It is scarcely necessary to add
that no time Is lost in the progress from
the "home to the bathhouse. No clothes
and a temperature of 10 degrees below
zero are incentives to haste.
When all of the boys and men are in
the bathhouse -and the door closed water
is: thrown upon the hot stones v until trie
place is filled with steam. Perspiration
pours from the sweltering bodies, yet
more active exercise is demanded and
switches come into play. Each bather
lays on; his neighbor with a will until
"Enough!" is cried. .
Again water is -thrown upon the stones,
more steam raised and another switching
indulged^ in.
As may be imagined the bodies are now
as red as boiled lobsters and the blood
circulating actively.
A' roll in the snow completes this novel
bath. ':,' .' ' '.". : - . >/ '£'.;;l
How the Finns Bathe.
"OPERA— Palm Springs, Riverside Coun
ty, Cal. 'The statement of your frler.d
that "San Francisco Is too poor to have a
number of operatic celebrities- at one
time" is not in accordance with the facts.
During the last season of opera In this
city there was in one cast the followtrg
named celebrities: Eames, Sembrich,
De Reszke, Tavecchia, Frltzl Scheff, Du
friche, Reuce, M. Sestrl and Campanari.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The following
Callfornians | have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— Francis J. Henry,' A. Dernham
and family; Arlington— A. Berner; Na
tional—Joseph McElroy; New Willard-
S. Giliespy. All of San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
FROM VIRGIL-City Subscriber. "Troa
tyriusque mlhl nullo discrimine agetur" is
from the Latin of Virgil and means "Tro
jan and Tyrlan shall be treated by me
without difference." The modern applica
tion is: u Both parties are equally indif
ferent to me and I shall act impartially
between them." • v -. . / "* ; "V rV
REDUCING WEIGHT-D. M. F., City.
If you have followed the directions in
physical culture for reduction of weight
and have reduced yourself to a satisfac
tory point you should discontinue trie
same, only . to resume the course should
you find that you are again gaining flesh.
WAR VESSELS— R. S. and E. T.. City.
The latest tabulated report of war ves
sels shows that the t»ted States had,
ninety-seven commissiouud vessels, twen
ty-nine auxiliary and twenty-nine con
verted vessels. Germany had ninety-six
vessels and ten auxiliaries.
••A. B. C. Denniston, ' general Western
passenger agent of the Great Northern
Railway, with headquarters at Seattle,
and C.E. Stone, assistant general passen
ger agent of the same road, with head
quarters at St. Paul; are at the Palace.
: Ogden H. Feathers, supreme commander
of the Knights of Pythias, returned from
Honolulu yesterday and will shortly re
turn to his home in the East. .
0 J. W. R.'Parker, a merchant of Salinas,
is down here on a 1 short business trip and
has made his headquarters at the Lick.
Charles" King,' an' owner of several oil
wells and an extensive cattle dealer', is at
the Lick. . . ". ¦¦-.; .
Charles G.-Bonner, ah' extensive raisin
manufacturer of Fresno, is at the Grand.
F. E. Mennel, an oil man of Hanford, Is
at the Lick.."
D. Cushman of-Mlsslon San Jose Is at
the California. :
G. A. Daugherty, an attorney of Sali
nas, is a guest at the Grand.
"Well, I wish you would read the arti
cle. I never, heard of it before: but I
think that a cooking school contest must
be a perfectly lovely idea."— Washington
Star. '. --CAri
"Yes?"
"Charley, dear," said young Mrs. Tor
kins, "I saw a headline in the pap^r
about events on the gridiron."
Slobbs— No; the audience yelled for tha
author, but he wouldn't come out.— Tit-
Bits.
Bobbs— How did . you like "the melo
drama? Was anybody killed? ' •
Architect— When you spoke of cheap
ness I took it for granted you meant Phil
ippine- colonial style. — Washington Star.
Mr. Gas well— How cheap can you build
a colonial' mansion if I conclude I want
• Architect— About $15 or less.
Mr. Gaswell— I don't understand you.
sir. > •
"Really? Well, say, he'll be Just in time
for the coming period when everybody is
to take nourishment in the shape of com
pressed capsules."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
' •
"It's too bad about Biffera' little boy,
isn't it?"
"What is?"
" "They say he was born without a pal
ate.""^
"A statesman, my dear sir, Is one who
is in politics because he has money. A
politician is one who has money because
he is In politics."— Philadelphia Press.
"Well, what's the difference?"
"He's quite a prominent politician here,
is he not?" Inquired the visiting. Briton. •
"Oh, no, he's a statesman," replied the
native. • '"¦.:'
THE LORD'S PRAYER— A. R.. City. In
the Encyclopedia Brltannica. you will find
under the heading of the Gospels a Ions
account of the Lord's Prayer and the
changes therein. This department has not
the space to g^ve the explanation.
A CHANCE TO .SMILE.
DANCING— W. F. I.. Bethel. Contra
Costa County, Cal. A number of churches,
while not prohibiting dancing, frown down
such. This department has not been able
to discover any edict to the effect "that
dancing is unholy." -
CHARITY— J. C. N., City. For informa
tion in relation to societies In San Fran
cisco that dispense charity to the sick
destitute address a communication to the
general secretary. Miss Virginia Fitch, 703
Bush street ,
It seems a clear -case of; the^triuniph' of -the Ken
tucky idea over .the .Boston idea. ' Culture 'tried to
work a five to two committee on . the . shockheads,
but the shockheads wouldn't. stand for it. Harmony
and unity are songs of. yesterday,' for npw the* Demo
crats of Philadelphia .chant nothing yfcut • battle-cries
and dance none but war dances. ¦¦ .-.-"
That, ended the convention.; '"First ? the galleries
were cleared, then the platform "was cleared, then the
floor was cleared,. and then the lights were put out
and further proceedings were." postponed to. another
day and to a smaller hall: •¦' • . :
The next step was the appointment of a commit
tee on resolutions, and when it was announced it
was perceived that one faction had .five representa
tives on the committee and the other faction had but
two. Then the convention became Democratic. The
Philadelphia Record "says: "It became an ungovern
able, yelling, roaring, pushing, riot-threatening
mob." The committee made a report, and an at
tempt was made to call the roll for a vote by wards,
but the vote never got beyond the Fourth Ward. It
was upon the announcement of the vote of that ward
that "Constable Max Lieber disputed Michael Dona
hue's report to , the chair;!;. Donahue and Lieber
glared. at each other and clinched for a wrestle.
Half the convention rushed toward them. In came
nearly s' : dozen- policemen."; '
Last, week "the convention of the party was held to
nominate n candidates for- city magistrates. There'
were 'more thaV 1000 delegates _and. something like
7000 boomers' 'present, for -the.;, hall -wjuT a large one
and arrangements' had bcen'madefprTa" grand dem
onstration of ; Democratic^, civic patriotism. The tem
porary chairman^we^ are": ..told, "congratulated the
Democracy upon-i.tbql'great^and .truly,. representative
gathering.'-' » Then.*,Cif^i^!£om.nittssit)nefcRyan complin
mented the ; temporary rchairman i upon* his fairness in
preparing the roll,-: arid'. noted that": it was the first
regular, convention for yyears-Jn which; all the ele
ments of the party were represented.: -Then a per
manent chairman was nominated and: elected unani
mously, and he made a. speechu expressing "his'grati
fication at the reunionv^and harmonization of the
Democracy, and hoped 1 the conduct of the conven
tion would commend itself to public, who looked
to the united Democracy to make the fight for hon
est government."
•The aim of Pennsylvania" -Democrats 1 has; been- a
little different ; from : that ; of their • feiFow| Democrats
in Massachusetts, Kentucky" and 'New ..Yorki" They
have had no search; for 'culture,- no call for. shock
heads, ..neither have v thejg had \ any ¦tiger to . put • under
cover for /a' year, or itwo^' The r "factioh. fight between
the foes, and the' friends 'of iQuay^aniong the j Repub
licans -jit Perin'syivaniafhaye given the Democrats [pi
that I State •_ a "¦ fair/ prospect*, 6F victory \ in the ¦¦ Phila^
delphia-..elections,(providedtheyfcarr:harmonizeKand v
unite for "reform, : and consequently the songs and the
slogans: of the party' leaders for months . past ' have
been, all for harmony, and brotherly love.
WE have directed attention to; the activity of
the Democrats of Boston 'and pointed out
how eagerly they 'are; searching for. men;, of
culture and scholarship; "to ) accept ; nominations -for
high. office"; we have also cited the. sentiments of the
Democracy of Kentucky ; as' : expressed j f in ¦ . ; Colonel
Watterson's perfervid •call: for '.'Shdckheads : to -the
front"; we have discussed the true inwardness of the
movement in New York to redeem Tammany from
the inside by retiring .Croker and putting; Nixon in
his place; and nowit;is/time td'give ,a casual notice
to "what the party, is doing v in Philadelphia.- . -\ ¦<; .. .
PHILADELPHIA^ DEMOCRACY. ¦
THE OREGON FAIR— J. P.. City. The
great fair in the city of Portland. Or., will
not be held In the year 1902, but in 1905,
some time during the summer, It being
the centennial of the Lewis and Clarke
expedition.
ICE— J! M. : W., TJkiah, Cal. The papers
published in the United States that are
devoted to ice and refrigerators are: Ice
World, Albany. N. Y.; Cold Storage. New
York N. Y.; Ice Trade, Philadelphia, Pa.
SIXTY years ago, when photography was in its experimental state, Miss Dor
othy Catherine Draper,' who died a few days ago at Hastings, N. Y., in her
'. ninety-fifth year, sat for her picture, and that likeness, which is now pre
served as a valuable heirloom by members of her family in England, was.
the first daguerreotype taken in this country. In 1830, when Daguerre first
announced his method of imprinting the likeness of a human face on a silver
coated copper plate. Miss Draper's brother. Professor John William Draper, then
a resident of New York, was experimenting with a collodion covered photo
graphic plate, /which he perfected a year later, and his sister was his first sub
ject.* ¦¦ . • ; , . .
There had been great drawbacks to Daguerre's method because it required
: a' sitting of at least half an hour's duration, and when Professor Draper intro
duced his invention, -which consumed about ninety seconds, it immediately became
popular. ' In describing his system Professor Draper relates in his memoirs that
it was necessary to cover the sitter's face with a white powder to bring out the*
best effects, but later this was dispensed with, and 'an excellent likeness, show
ing even the "buttons and buttonholes" in the garments of the person photo
graphed,'could be made. Fifty-seven years after she had her first picture taken,
and on the ninetieth : anniversary of her birthday, Miss Draper was again pho
tographed, by her nephew/Daniel Draper. The old daguerreotype was carefully
preserved, and Its original Is now in possession of Sir William John Herschel's
heirs in England. During the World's Fair a.t Chicago, in 1S93, it was placed on
exhibition, and 'attracted much attention. '^'^
PERSONAL MENTION.
AN OLD BOOK-S.. Valley Springs.
Calaveras County, Cal. Without knowing
the title, of the book It is Impossible to
state if "a book published in the French
language 250 years of age" has any value.
The ; recent winding; up ¦ in Massachusetts; of ;: the
affairs of the Berkshire ; Agricultural. Society, which is
said to bethe oldest organization of, the : kind in the
United . States, is' taken as ': proof . thatythe'decadehce
of agriculture in New England; ,ha : sVeached a -point
where .county' fairs /are ; fib longer; profitable:^unless
accompanied by more^vaudeyille^thariVr'ural. exhibits.
The majority; of. trie: people of . that •section take no
interest now in even a* prize pumpkin " unless ; served
in pie shape as a side show. -.' ;'•" '\
MECHANICAL TRADES— Subscriber.
Santa Cruz, Cal. There are three schools
in San Francisco in which boys can learn
mechanical trades, namely, the Ucic
School of Mechanical Arts, the Wilmer
ding School and the Cogswell School.
-AFRICAN BUILDINGS-A. O. S., City.
There are no frame or wooden buildings
In South Africa. All buildings are of an
inferior quality of brick laid in mud and
cemented on the exterior!
WALKER. THE FHJBTJ3TER-C. S.
L.; Sonoma, Cal. You wil* find an inter
esting account of the career of Walker,
the filibuster. In Hittell's History of Cali
fornia.
THE LAST DAY— A Regular Subscriber,
Tracy. San Joaquin County. Cal. The
evening of the last day of a year is prop
erly called New Year's eve.
NO HELP FOR ANTAGONIST-Piayer.
City. In the game of crib no P^yer can
call upon his antagonist to assist him In
making his score. •
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS-L W.J\. City.
In 1890 the. population of. the Hawaiian
Islands, was 80,990 and In 1900 It was
154,001.
: As"a-;rhatter of Vfact.'.a .convention
.such ? as^. /has-.;' been/yproposed ~ by Pennsylvania
and, ¦.called;' for. b^tke^ix^S^es^ri^ied^isI to6
risky/. Whenever the people 'really %einand an amend
ment: to 'the -constitution ithey-'will be; able ; to obtain
-a- submis5i6n^(jf^ijt',to' the'rStetes"by§ two-thirds* vote
of" Congress.'. That method : of- procuring amendments
cntails : Hard work and' long xwaiting, but ;it^is ; better
than talcing chances ..with, a convention; -\ -VV;
without giving " the General ., Government larger
powers than it has at present, and -there are other
desired reforms,- such as pure food' laws; railroad reg
ulation.'and marriage andidivorce laws, .that have sup
porters sufficiently, earnest to favor a constitutional
amendment to provide. for them. The advocates of
these various reforms? taken in /the^aggregate . uh r
doubtedly/form a ¦ considerable and influential por
tion of the people. ..Consequentlyaf they all acted to
gether the chances for. the call of a national conven
tion would be good. -It happens, however, that they
are not at all likely toact together, for while each
set wishes to see its own amendment adopted it is
not willing to trust; Uie^whole. scheme of federal gov T
ernment .to the • hazard : "|jf 5a '^onyentionV clothed with
sovereign power^tofprbposje^any.v number of
menfs ; toUl[ie';States::ior :; ratification, ' ' ;^ •"'•:-^ !'
FIRST DAGUERREOTYPE
A VALUABLE HEIRLOOM
SENATOR HOAR'S RESOLUTION.
THE German Kaiser 'wanted a yacht*. He
wanted a good yacht, a'nd naturally' sent to'this
country to have it built. Since 1850 we have
held the record for building the best yachts that float,
and the Kaiser, being able to pay for the best,, sought
it where it is to be found. Now naturally a yacht has"
to be launched. Like a duck, a yacht is hatched on
land, but must take to the water, and this imperial
yacht is no exception.
As the boat is built in this country its owner, who
is himself a sailor, of course wants it to be launched
with all the ceremony which the sons of Neptune.as
sociate with the launching of a boat." A* lady must
officiate and she must break — not spill, but. break —
a bottle of wine on the bow of the gliding craft just
as it leaves the land for the water. , If the bottle is
not broken it is a bad sign. It must be a bottle of
wine, or the launching is a hoodoo. Our good tem T
perance people have often tried to substitute water,
or coffee, but sailors refuse to go an a ship that had
such a baptism.
The bottle and its contents being, settled, a lady,
must be found to break the one and spill the other.
What more natural than that the Kaiser, having the'
right to choose, selected the daughter of , 'President
Roosevelt? The occasion is one that celebrates and
glorifies American ship-building, and the young lady
of the Presidential family represents the country, and
it is most proper that she do the christening. . .. ......
The Kaiser has a sailor brother, who is. very nat
urally sent over to witness the launching; as a rep
resentative of the owner of the yacht. He is' a Prince
of the house of Hohenzollern. They are a respectable
family. They started as land-owners and tillers^ of;
the soil in the Black Forest. They kept out of stocks
and speculation and kept on buying land, and be r
came Landgraves and Herzogs, and finally went into
granger politics and owned so much land that the
head of the house became an Elector, and went down
to Frankfort when a German Emperor had to be
voted for and cast his ballot in the old Kaisersalle,
and then banqueted with the other . Electors and
toasted the new Emperor in bumpers that; no head
in Germany to-day could stand. • The next step in
the progress of this landed family was the erection of
their estate into the kingdom of Prussia, and one
became King. A hundred years later the family fur
nished an Emperor for Germany, and now his grand
son, this Prince Henry, is coming, over to look at
a country where every, man is an elector.
He will be treated with the courtesy due to the
descendant of the owners of the highland of Zollern.
He will compliment the daughter of our President
when she christens his brother's yacht, and the young
lady's father will have him over at the White House
to dinner. He will look down upon the two houses
of Congress from the President's gallery and then
will come as far West as Chicago and see them
stick pigs in Armour's slaughter-house. He will 1 be
treated with hospitable civility and will get .some
new ideas from his brief .visit to the greatest country
on earth. And that's all.
European diplomats are seeing great ¦ signs and
portents in all this. It raises before them the vision
of a German-American alliance, and assumes ,- the
dimensions of a master move in welt-politik. '..One
of them gees so far as to say that no other European
knew so well as the Kaiser "how susceptible the
American people are to royal notice and royal flat
tery. Nowhere will the condescension of a crowned
head win such adulation as in the republic."
This diplomat does not know us at all. , We wish
our Government to be polite to the representatives
of all Governments. Politeness, of the heartfelt sort,
is our national characteristic. But the condescen
sion is on our part entirely. Prince Henry is a nice
young German gentleman, but he is no curiosity.
We are accustomed to meet nice Germans here. We
have long known Schurz and the ' late Dr. Otten
dorfer, and German gentlemen and scholars who by
coming here became the equals of Prince Henry and
his brother, and we like him the better because these
were his countrymen. But this does not mean that
we are going to jump into his lap, or fence in ground
pressed by his foot or darkened by his shadow. His
coming and his going will have social and not politi
cal significance. In his youth we entertained his royal
uncle, now Edward VII of England, and danced
with him and showed him our best, and remained
Americans. We do not lose our heads about these
royal visits, and our heads are in less danger of
being lost than ever.
The New York Chamber of Commerce has de
clared for reciprocity, and it might as well, have de
clared for free trade. The New Yorkers, in fact, are
not particular about American industry. So long as
they can handle all imports they are ,all right.
THE NATIONAL CONSTITUTION.
SENATOR HOAR'S resolution calling for the
appointment of a committee to inquire into the
situation in the Philippines and to report the
¦wiiole truth to the Senate gives promise that at last
we shall have sufficient light upon the subject to un
derstand the contradictions that appear in the re
ports of the civil authorities in the islands when com
pared with those of the military authorities. Accord
ing to one set of officials " the Filipinos are rapidly
becoming reconciled to our government, while ac
cording to the other they are as hostile as ever and
will require stringent military government for years
to come. There is doubtless a means of determining
which of these divergent "views is the more accurate,
and no better way of arriving at that determination
can be devised than that which Senator Hoar pro
poses.
As matters stand we know hardly as much about
the situation in the Philippines as we do about that
in the Transvaal. The islands are far away and the
majority of Americans are more or less indifferent to
the problems involved in their government. Con
sequently it is only when some notable disaster
occurs to an American troop that we pay much at
tention to what is going on there. It appears, how
ever, from a report of General Bell,. just published
by the War Department, that the condition of affairs
in Batangas province is decidedly serious, whatever
it may be elsewhere. According to that report the
General has found that lenient treatment of the na
tives produces no good results and has decided upon
another plan, which includes a "reconcentration"
policy and a drastic prosecution of war against all
outside the "zones" in which the friendly inhabitants
are to be gathered.
The Hoar resolution was referred to the Philippine
committee, of which Senator Lodge is chairman.
That course was taken because Mr. Lodge declared
that to deal with it otherwise would be a reflection
upon himself and upon his committee. Under such
circumstances the committee can hardly fail to take
action and enter upon an investigation which will
bring to light the whole truth of the situation.
In urging his resolution Senator Hoar reverted to
the statement of General Otis that 40,000 troops
would have to be maintained in the Philippines for
a considerable period, and noted that at the time it
was received with incredulity by some members of
the Senate. It proved, however, to be an under
estimate, for, as the Senator went on to say, we have
now 70,000 men in the islands and are expending
from $75,000,000 to $100,000,000 annually to maintain
them there. He estimated the total cost of the^roup
to us up to this time at about $500,000,000, and
rightly claimed that we ought to know what progress
we have made during the years of our government
and what we have gained for our money.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist con
cerning the anti-imperialist opinions of Senator
Hoar, therejCan be none with respect to his request
for more light on the subject. There are many
problems of Philippine legislation to be dealt with
by this Congress, and it will be 'able to deal 1 with
them more wisely by having before it the truth and
the whole truth concerning the. military situation.
Reports that Senator Platt of New York is threat
ened with paralysis may not be strictly true, but the
fact that New York politicians are discussing who
shall be his successor is convincing proof that the
old man is not as vigorous as he was.
All the talk about New York's Four Hundred will
have to stop, for according to reports there were 500
persons present at the latest Astor ball, and of
course whoever Mrs. Astor entertains is part of the
social cream. .-¦--•-.
Another striking illustration of the truth' of the
thought that the leading passion is strong in death
has been given to the American public. c William
Jennings Bryan spoke a few days ago to- the students
of Harvard. « •
The Alameda County Jail would be. an excellent
place for a fellow to choose a habitation for the satis
faction of a life sentence. He would have to drop
dead to fulfill the law's commands.
/ • - '¦•¦• ..
PENNSYLVANIA'S appeal to the States .'to'
unite in'a call for a constitutional convention
is being slowly responded to: ' Michigan, Colo
rado, Montana, Oregon, Idaho and Nevada are re
ported to have officially 1 notified Congress through
their Legislatures that they desire a convention
called for the purpose of amending the constitution.
A resolution to the like effect is pending in the Mas
sachusetts Legislature, while Louisiana has adopted
a memorial asking Congress for the; repeal of the
fifteenth amendment. ]¦£&%*,
These applications to -Congress are made under
article V of the constitution, which provides 'triar
Congress "on application of the Legislatures of two
thirds of the States shall'call a convention for pro
posing amendments which * * * shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of this constitu
tion when ratified by the Legislatures, of three
fourths of the several States, or by conventions in
three-fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode
of ratification may be proposed by the Congress."
The Pennsylvania movement for a national consti
tutional convention was undertaken because of ' the
failure of every attempt to carry through the United
States Senate a constitutional amendment providing
for the election of United States Senators by direct
vote of the people. It will be remembered "that a
few years ago there was a long series of scandals and
deadlocks in connection with the election of United
States Senators, and that out of them arose a clamor
for .reform. , Every attempt to effect a reform was,
however, defeated - by ' the . Senate itself, and there
upon the Pennsylvanian plan' wasmndertaken. That
only six States have thus' far responded may be
taken as good evidence that it will fail.' It may be
easier after all to get the Senate to consent to be
reformed than to get two-thirds of the'States to call
for a national convention which might undertake a
good deal more than is desired.
There. is a strong feeling that the public welfare
can be promoted by amending, the. constitution in
many ways. It is believed, for example, that a com
prehensive scheme of irrigation cannot be carried out
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE PRINCE'S VISIT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^V^hh^'WED^iESbkYX- JANUARY. 22, 1902.
MISS DOROTHY CATHERINE DRAPER IN THE FIRST DAGUERREO
" TYPE TAKEN IN AMERICA, AND AS SHE APPEARED IN A PHO
TOGRAPH WHEN IN HER NINETIETH YEAR."
6
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Mountebank."
Tlvoli — "The Toy Maker."
Central— "The Fire Patrol."
Alcazar — "For the White Rose."
Columbia — "The Princess Chic."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Don Caesar de Bazan."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
• The saving of a few cents on a- bottle of Va-
nilla-Extract will not atone for annoyance oi
having dessert "Just a little oft" to flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, the standard quality.
Nearly 1,000,000 women in Spain work In
the field as day laborers;, 350,000 womtn
are registered as day servants— that Is,
they work . for their food and lodging
There i3 no such class anywhere else.
Special information supplied dally, _ to
business houses and public men by" tno
Pre3S Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 104i •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
CaL G&ce Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. TownsencTs.*The will of ¦ Mrs. Maria Geronlma En
carnacion Vallejo'de Cooper, was, filed. for
probate yesterday."". She bequeaths her es
tate 'to i her- Krandsons and daushtora.
Leaves Estate to Her Relatives. '•/
All goods of. the Monarch, which place is
now being fitted up foF the Lyceum Cloth
ing Sale,- 915 Market st., will be sold; by
Mr. Dresner at No. 7 Sixth st., which
.place has been rented for just one month
and will therefore be compelled to sell re
gardless of cost. This stock : consists of
clothing, hats, furnishing goods, shoes,
ladies' , cloaks and dry goods. - Come
around and look. Don't, buy if it is . not
cheap enough. 'His order. is to sail and he
will * do so, beginning to-morrow, at 7
Sixth street, near Market. . .*: *,>t»-.
I. Dresner, Manager.
An elaborately staged comic opera, en
titled "The" Pirates of Penzance," will-be
given In behalf of the Sacred Heq.rt Pre
sentation ' Convent on ' February 5 at • the
convent, ' corner of* Taylor and Ellis
streets. The opera-has been prepared un
der the direction of talented members of
the alumnae and will be most interesting
and amusing. * , . ; • - ;
Sacred, Heart Convent Benefit.
Formal charges of unprofessional con
duct against Attorney Alexander Camp
bell were filled in the Supreme Court yes
terday by the San" Francisco Bar Asso
ciation. If the accusations are substan
tiated, Campbell will be disbarred from
practice. Solomon Mitchell, the complain
ant,, alleges that he engaged Campbell to
institute a suit for damages against - the
Geary Street, Park and Ocean Railway
Company for injuries sustained from hav
ing been thrown from a car. Mitchell
states that he paid the attorney $15 in fees
on the representation that action had been
commenced in the. Justice's Court and
later in the Superior Court. It Is further
alleged that investigation showed that no
action of any kind had ever been Insti
tuted in the case by Campbell.
Mitchell' complained- to the Bar Asso
ciation and the. matter was referred to a
committee, which fully substantiated the
charges. The association then voted to ask
the Supreme Court to disbar the attorney.
The court will hear the case and render a
decision within a few months.
barred on Account of Alleged
Unprofessional Conduct.
Bar Association "Wants Lawyer Dis-
The St. Charles Theater was built by
the Orpheum Circuit Company and everv
effort was made to construct a playhouse
that would be second. to none of the vau
deville theaters of the East. At the open
'ng of the : new . house last night many
managers of Eastern theaters were rep
resented. The Orpheum circuit now com
prises vaudeville. theaters at San Francis
co, Los Angeles,, Omaha, Kansas City,
Indianapolis, St. , Louis, Cincinnati and
New Orleans. ; - .
. oucce»Bi.u-i vi'emng'. ••-/
John MorriseV, resident manager of the
Orpheum Circuit Company, is in receipt
of. a telegram from M. ; Meyerfeld Jr.,
president of the company, who is now in
New Orleans, announcing the successful
opening of the St. Charles • Orpheum at
that city. The telegram reads:
' NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 20, 1002.
John Morrisey, Orpheum, San Francisco: Pa
pers this morning combine In saying that we
had the most successful opening and the great
est show ever seen here. Turned thousands
away. M. MEYERFELD JR., .
President Orpheum Circuit Company.
St. Charles Theater, Recently ; Built
< at New. Orleans, Reports a Very
Successful Opening.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. a.— William H. Hoff
meister of St. Louis, ex-supreme recorder
of the Legion of Honor, committed sui
cide at the Planters' Hotel to-day by
shooting himself with a revolver. The
only witness to the suicide was George
M. Ackley of Kansas City.
Hoffmelster was defeated last night for
re-election as supreme recorder of the
Legion of Honor by C. R. T. White, and
an entirely new supreme council was
elected after a sensational contest. One
feature of the struggle was the arrest of
otto R Overbeck, candidate for supreme
chancellor and leader of the opposition
vo the administration, as he was entering
the Holland building on nis way to the
meeting where the election was to be
held. At the Four Courts a complaint
was lodged against Overbeck for carry
ing a concealed weapon. Friends pro
cured Overbeck's release on bond and
hurried with him to the meeting r hall,
where they arrived in time to vote, his
one vote being necessary to win. •
George M. Ackley of Kansas City, for
mer supreme overseer of the Legion of
Honor, who shared the room with Hoff
meister last night, stated that he was in
the bathroom adjoining the sleeping
apartment when Hoffmeister shot him
self with Ackley' s revolver. Ackley said
that Hoffmeister killed himself, as he
believed, because he was defeated in his
candidacy for re-election to the office of
supreme recorder.
"Hoffmeister was drinking last night,"
eaid Ackley, "and he told me there would
be trouble. I knew he had a "revolver and
I took it from him and locked it up. My
own revolver was in my valise, and It
was the weapon with which he shot him
self."
George W. Teasdale, an intimate friend
cf the dead man, said:
*'I wish to contradict a rumor which
has already become current relating to
Hoffmeister's accounts. His accounts
were investigated by the executive com
mittee and the auditing committee of the
council and were found to be in good
shape."
After hearing the testimony of Ackley
and Teasdale and S. L. Barnard, the Cor
oner rendered a verdict of suicide. Hoff
meister was 40 years old. He had held
the office of supreme recorder of the or
der for thirteen years. His wife is at
present in New York City, where she Is
visiting a sister. -
OGDEN. Utah, Jan. 2L— As the outcome
of the dispute between Mayor Glassman
and the city health authorities the Mayor
appeared In the Police Court this after
noon on the charge of violating the health
laws of the city. He was released on his
own recognizance and the case set for
bear Irj Thursday morning.
Mayor Haled to Police Court.
HONOLULU. H. T.. Jan. 15.— An inter
esting fight between local stockholders in
the First National Bank of Hawaii and
the Anglo-California holders of San Fran
cisco, backed by the Seligmans of New
York, developed at the annual meeting of
the stockholders of the bank yesterday.
The representatives of the S£n Francisco
stockholders, backed by a few shares. of
local stock, were in favor of a change in
the management of the bank, desiring a
new president In place of Cecil Brown.
The action of President Brown in' ruling
out all the outside proxies may Invalidate
the proceedings.
Colonel G. \V. Macfarlane, who came
here with the proxies from. San Fran
cisco, and his supporters had 2292 shares
of stock out of 5000, while Cecil Brown's
supporters mustered 2105. Brown ruled
out all the 2292 i shares on- the ground that
they were not stamped with the internal
revenue tax stamp required by the act of
1898. To-day attention was called to the
fact that the tax -on proxies was repealed
last March, and now it is claimed that
Macfarlane and the others had a right to
vote their proxies. '
As an additional ground for not allow
ing the proxies to be voted Brown de
clared that they were not properly made
out, one alleged defect being that they
did not specify the date of the meeting
at which they were to be voted. -• ,j
- With the proxies all ruled out, the meet-
Ing proceeded and the old board of direct
ors was re-elected. This would mean the
re-election of Brown as president and
continuance of the present management
but a protest was entered by Macfarlane
at the meeting, and this morning, sinco
attention was called to the fact that the
tax had been repealed, it is claimed that
a new meeting will have to be held Un
less an agreement is made to hold a new
meeting th* courts will be asked to set
the proceedings of yesterday aside and
require a new election.
Colonel Macfarlane states that he want
ed to vote his stock and proxies for a
postponement of thirty days, in which a
new man for president might be selected.
Brown being declared to be unsatisfac
tory to the San Francisco and New York
interests He states that a local man is
wanted, but that, if an agreement satis
factory to all cannot be made upon some
Honolulu man, he will favor bringing a
national bank man from the mainland.
Steamer Meets a New Current.
HONOLULU, Jan. 15.— The Canadian-
Australian steamship Moana, arriving
last night from Sydney, reports a strange
experience in South Pacific waters. She
encountered an entirely new , current,
which started her out of her course.* A
well defined westerly to southwesterly
current was found in about nine degrees
south latitude. This is much, out, of the
usual place for such a current. '
Interesting Fight Starts
in the Hawaii First
National.
Noted Lodge Official
Commits Suicide in
St. Louis.
ORPHEXTM CIRCUIT ADDS
NEW HOUSE TO ITS LIST
"I will explain to you how peace can
be maintained In the islands," continued
the Governor. "We have .organized a na
tive constabulary, which is working effi
ciently. Congress allows us to maintain
a constabulary of 6000 men. They are
under the command of Major Allen, who
has already enlisted 2500 men in this
branch of the service. When the force is
fully organized the men will be distrib
uted In tli e provinces, one hundred and
fifty men to each province. The detach
ments of constables are - commanded by
four ¦ officers, three of whom are retired
volunteer ctlicers and the other a native
have a much easier time educating him
than the English will . have " educating
their subjects in India, The Filipino is a
Christian and there is where we form, our
bond of union."
Regarding a standing army in the Phil
ippines Governor Taft said:
"Fifteen thousand men will be an
ample force in the islands before the .
close of the year. I was told this only
a few days before I came away. Offi
cers thoroughly versed in the situa
tion gave me the figures.
ENDS HIS LIFE
AFTER DEFEAT
BANK PROXIES
ARE IGNORED
CIVIL. GOVERNOR OF PHILIP
PINES, HOME ON A SICK
LEAVE. • . •
The Union League Club will give a re
ception this afternoon in honor of Gover
nor W. H. Taft. Members of the club
and guests will assemble at the rooms of
the league at ,the Palace Hotel at 2
o'clock. There will be music, a brief ad
dress of welcome, responsive remarks and
impromptu speeches. Among the invited
guests are Major General Young and
General Funston, U. S. A.; Governor
Gage, Mayor Schmltz and members of
the. Chamber of Commerce and .Board of
Trade.
Reception to Governor Taft.
"Under our present method of civil gov
ernment we have too systems, the munici
pal and the provincial. Bach province has
a Governor, who Is elected by the Coun
cilors of the province. In each province
there is also a treasurer and a supervisor
of road3 and improvements, both of whom
are Americans. We also have a Prose
cuting Attorney and a secretary, but
they are natives. The great trouble with
the native officer Is that the moment he
goes into office he thinks it part of his
duties to terrorize his friends. The Fil
ipino is to a certain extent deceitful. He
will not say anything to your face to of
fend you, but behind your back he Is
merciless in his denunciations. Another
peculiar trait in him is that if he has a
falling out with another- native lie will
attempt to take the matter into the courts
and make a criminal action of It. He
seems to think that every little trouble
must be ventilated in the courts."
"The civil government adopted" a tariff
schedule which is working well, but our
internal revenue receipts are not large.
When you tax a country too heavily you
spoil it, and that is the situation in the
Philippines. You must remember that tne
entire assessed value of Manila last year
was $30,000,000. •
Filipino. ' When the constabulary is fully
equipped it will be detailed in the field to
clean out the ladrones, who are intimi
dating the natives. These Filipino con-
Btattles can be maintained by the Gov
ernment at a cost of.J250each a year,
while the soldiers in the islands cost
Uncle Sam about $1000 a head. In' refer
ence to the friars holding property In the
islands and the question as to whether the
United States Government should buy
their land, Governor Taft said:
"To thoroughly understand this ques
tion you must go back to the time when
the Spanish Government secured posses
sion of the islands. The Catholic church
went to the islands with' the Spanish Gov
ernment and it has accomplished great
work in converting the Filipinos to Chris
tianity. - The natives dislike certain re
ligious orders In the islands, but that is
simply because the friars, being loyal to
Spain, governed them as well as attended
to their spiritual wants. The priests were
responsible to the Spanish Government
for order end they maintained it. The
Filipino is devoted to the Catholic church,
but, as I saJd before, he dislikes certain
of the orders. A bill is now pending be
fore Congress to buy the land holdings of
the church. If the Government acquires
the property It will sell it to the natives
who are now tenants on the land. The
land will- be sold at a nominal -price and
the natives allowed to pay for it in easy
installments.
ATTORNEY ALEXANDER
CAMPBELL IN TROUBLE
"Some people return from the islands
and say that the Filipino Is a savage,
while others tell you that he is highly
cultured. Both these statements aro
wrong. The only way to judge the Filipino
is by going over and seeing him yourself.
You must remember that only 10 per cent
— no, make It 5 per cent — of the natives
speak Spanish. Most of them are hope
lessly Ignorant, and it will take years and
years to educate them, so that they will
understand our form of government and
what constitutes real liberty. They are
like children looking up to their supe
riors. One thing we feel assured of Is
that we can educate the Filipino and
make him loyal to this country. We will
"The report that there is friction be
tween the Civil Commission and the mili
tary officials In regard to administering
the law," said he, "is entirely incorrect.
We have an understanding in regard to
the detention of military prisoners.
Should a person In . the islands commit
an act that necessitates an arrest by the
army authorities, a general or other
high-ranking officer reports to the civil
authorities that such person is under de
tention-for breaking the military law. In
case of treason or offenses of that na
ture the prisoner is tried by a court mar
tial."
On being asked what he thought of the
native Filipino, Governor Taft said:
'But Few 2J"atives Speak Spanish..
Governor Taft Is slowly recovering from
a severe' illness and is delighted to be
back in the United States. He leaves to
night for Washington on a. special car
that has been held In readiness for him
F-ince last Saturday.
Governor Taft spoke freely of affairs In
the Philippines.
aOVERNOR TAFT, executive
head of the Philippine Civil
Commission, • disembarked early
yesterday . morning from - the '
transport Grant and, accompa
nied by his wife and family, went to the
Palace Hotel. He spent a busy day re
ceiving members of the press and prom- |
Inent residents of the city, who called to
pay him their respects. Among the early
visitors were his Grace Archbishop P. W.
Riordan, President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of the State University and. a delegation
from the Union League Club.
Governor Taft Says That It Will Soon Be Possible to
Reduce flilitary Force on the Islands.
PHILIPPINE NATIVES PERFORM
EFFICIENT CONSTABULARY DUTY
CUSTOM-HOUSE
EMPLOYES OUT
Laborers and Assistant
Weighers Are Dis
charged;
Probability That an Extra
Deputy Collector Will
Be Appointed.
A large number of , unexpected changes
took place In the Custom-house yester
day.. These changes are based upon the
investigation" made recently by Special
Agents "West and Channing. .The most
important of the changes is the abolition
of the position of private .secretary to the
Collector of Customs, a ""sinecure -which
has cost the Government $2000 per annum.
The position has been held by John P.
Jackson Jr., who attended faithfully to
whatever work he was called upon to
perform. The salary of Charles Reynolds,
clerk, has been increased to $1800 from
51500. . "William E." Rowlan takes the place
left .vacant by the appointment of Rey
nolds and receives $1400 instead of $1200—
the old salary. The force of -eight assist
ant weighers has been reduced to four.
This reduction will enable the four as
sistants to be busy all the time, they be
ing paid only for the hours that they are
actually employed. Fifteen laborers of
the force of fifty-five have been dropped.
The title of George B. Edgar's position
has been changed to that of clerk and
messenger. The position of messenger In
the Appraiser's office, held by Clyde
Westover, has been abolished and Clyde
has been promoted. •
Collector Stratton said yesterday that
several new offices had been created In
the Custom-house and that In consequence
the expenses will be larger than ever, as
the receipts are now larger than ever be
fore and the business has increased pro
portionately. These details -will be
made public by the Collector within a
week or ten days. He will announce his
appointments, including that for the po
sition held by the late E. B. Jerome.
It was learned from another source that
it is likely that the position of chief clerk,
recently held by Mr. Jerome, will be abol
ished, that the duties of that office will
be performed by a special deputy collect
or and that the desk in the Custom-house
occupied by Special Deputy William B.
Hamilton will be filled by the appointment
of an additional deputy collector, for
which position Colonel Craig is promi
nently mentioned. There is only one
deputy collector at present in the Cus
tom-house, Newton S. Farley, whereas up
to a few years ago and before the begin
ning of the war with Spain there had
been two, the other being Lieutenant Col
onel John J. Tobln. Tobin being a Demo
crat/' a deal was made by Customs Col
lector Jackson and E. B. Jerome whereby
the mantle of civil service protection was
whisked oft Colonel Tobln's shoulders and
the vacancy filled by the appointment of
Stanley Jackson as special deputy. It is
the opinion of the majority of the brokers
doing business in the Custom-house that
two regular civil service deputies are
needed on the floor to facilitate the busi-
MBS. CLARA KLUGE-SUTRO
ACCEPTS THE COMPROMISE
Files a Dismissal of the Contests In
stituted by Her Against the
Sutro Will. .
The official dismissal of the contests of
the will of the late Adolph Sutro by Mrs.
Clara Kluge-Sutro was filed In the office
of the County # Clerk yesterday, thus end-
Ing what promised to be a long-drawn-out
legal battle for the wealth of the de
ceased philanthropist. Mrs. Clara Kluge-
Sutro filed two contests, one on her own
behalf and the other a3 guardian of her
two children. Mrs. . Dr. Merritt and
Charles Sutro, children of the deceased,
offered her $100,000 as a compromise, and
the document filed yesterday officially an
nounced the acceptance of the offer.
There is still another contest pending.
Mrs. Kose Morblo, another daughter of
Sutro, is contesting the will on the ground
that in 18S2, «when ' it was executed, her
father was of unsound mind. The trial
was to have commenced In the Probate
Court yesterday, but Alfred Sutro, . who
represents certain legatees, objected to the
proceeding because he had not yet filed
an answer on behalf of his clients. The
trial was then set for February 4.
Occasionally a small boy tries to keep
clean so he won't have to be washed*
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, JANUAEY 22, 1902.
7
NEW ADVEBTISEMENrTS.
ANOTHER GERM DESTROYER.
Herpicide Is Death to Dandruff
Germs. ;i Cv-:
¦'¦ The germ burrows into the scalp, throw-
ing up the cuticle in thin ¦ scales; . called
dandruff, or scurf, and digging , at the
root' of the hair where it saps the. hair's
vitality.* First comes brittle^ hair) then
lusterless and dead-like * hair, then fall-
ing, hair,', and .finally baldness. .Nine-
tenths ; of the hair troubles are caused : by
dandruff. Without \ dandruff, '.. hair .will
grow' luxuriantly, as . nature . intended.
VHerpicide".' kills the'dandruff g-erm,- leav-
ing the hair! to .grow unhampered,' as . it
does 'with ' the American red man. "
vp S4RjC4rzrtr*2r
tax* signature Is on every bos of the genuine
; Laxative Brpmb-Quiiiine Tabiott
Wi remedy that coxes a *«!«» in «m Obk
All This and Next Week.
EVERY NIGHT. I CLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
H . KIRK Ii SHELLE OPEBA CO.
. PfafcL —IN THE— —
' Merry, Musical Success,
Iff PRINCESS
/ If A CHIC,
I M • An Elaborate Opera Comlque.
Extra— Matinee Recitals — Afternoons of
TUESDAY. Jan. 2S, and FRIDAY. Jan. 31.
JOSef HOFftlANN, - —
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats — ?2. $1 50, $1 and 60c.
Seats selling at Sherman, Clay h Co.'s.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. JA2T. 22.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
A BIG, BUMPTIOUS BILL!
Da Coma Tamily; Taylor Twin Sis-
ters; Ada Arnoldson; Sara tha
Great; Three Faust Sisters; Arthur
Buckner; Jacques Inaudl; Mr. and
Urs. Gardner Crane, and the Bio-
graph,showing "The LivingFlag."
•an innovation to our patrons.
Pre3entlns In Detail
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Own Company.
THIS EVENING. To-morrow Nisht and Sat-
urday Matinee,
"THE MOUiSTEBANK."
'¦¦¦'I Friday Njeht. "VIRQINIU3."
Saturday Night— Farewell— "KING LEAR.".
Next— Sunday Nisht.
AIR. BEN HENORICK9
In tha Swedish Comedy Play,
"OLE OLSON."
SEATS THURSDAY..
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE on SATURDAY
AT 2 SHARP'.
"COME AND- SEE THAT FUNNIEST OB*
FELLOWS."
THE TOY MAKER
EVERY. CHILD GETS A TOY ON SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON.
MONDAY. January 27th.
GREATEST HIT I
"THE AmiBER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. BOc and 73c
Telephone Bush 9. * .
BELASCO & THALL, Mgn.
...LAST WEEK...
The Bis Romantic Success, -
For the
White Rose.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c. 2Sc. 33c. 50c and T3o
Next — CORALIE & CO., Dressmakers.
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT. PTP^TTVT^I The # E»cltln«
•All This "Week, ' B ' fL B Rj' *nd Powerful
Mat. Saturday. g a \% tHt Melodrama.
and Sunday. ' -A. JLA.AJ1
~_ ¦_ ' ««¦. Marvelous '
PRICES. mTi ¦ II &H Electrical
Evgs 10c to |H l<< fH an< l
60c; Matinees. W/* I JT1 iji Mechanical
10c. 15c. 25c. "*¦ •*¦¦*•»••**¦* Effects.
PATROL!
Next "Week— "A MAN OF MYSTERY."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Continued Success of
EDWIN ARDEN
In an Elaborate Production of Alexander Sal-
vinl'a Original Version of
"DON CAESAR DE BAZAN."
Now Playlngf to Capacity at Two of the Lead-
ing Theaters In New York.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c; B0c. ; 75o
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees. 25c/
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN In "ZORAH."
RACING
"^? vSS~ -"«SJg^* Every .Week Day—
f£r Rain op Shins.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Fsrry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. aad
12:30. 1, l:S0. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
.track. Last two cars on train reserved' for
ladles and tbelr escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole eon- -
sect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrics
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. S«cy. a«d V.gr.
CHUTES ANDZOO z ?3i%?™
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
& LLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-.MORROW NIGHT THE AMATEURS
And a LADIES* SKATING MATCH. ,
Telephone . for Seats. Partc 23.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
\ hotels is the wholesale and manu- ..
facturers' district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. . Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parka-
pass the entrance. '
American and European plaaa. s
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O . Jr ©
• "V; — ' ©
§ . , Ten dollars a month %
• looks easy, and it is an easy
% way to secure one of those ©
q fine new mahogany or oak- ©
J cased cabinet Grand Up- %
g right Pianos ¦ that we are ©
; 9 now selling for $268. No ©
J Piano ever offered by oth- ®
I • ers for $350, or even $400, ®
© has a purer quality of tone, ©
® wears better or looks bet- ©
J ter. Come and see them at §
I El L ERS I
I PIANO I
I COMPANY, S
© . ©
• wholesale warerooms, 643 §
© Market street (26. floor), ©
© San Francisco, Cal. ©
O/V-; :/;hW . - _ • ©
©•••••••(pc««o©©©osoaaa
TJIJTTCIJK'Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannsrs.
dyers, fiourmllls. . foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, - printers, painters, shoe factories,
fctablemen. .tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. »t&
. BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market street, near Eighth. '
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS, SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
GRAND TOURNAMENT SATURDAY. Jan.
• 25th, for- the beneflt - of
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS.
UouiSMal Values
Will be offered to-morrow In the below mentioned
departments: •¦'. .
Oinimig- Room Fiareitiiare Oep't.
Great Reduction of Prices
Fiee Sideboards, Buffets, China Closets, Dining
Chairs and Dining Tables ' /
Also another purchase of fine
Morris Clhalrs - - - - $7.50
Extra fine Dining Chairs, box seat, leather cov- d»^) /=?£=
ered seat, tufted back, real value $4 OO «sp^&» / £)>
An exceptional offering of
Blrdseye Maple Bedroom Smits
Exquisitely carved, high art pieces in most extraordinary
variety at greatly reduced prices; one handsome 2-piece
set, with large French plate mirror ((10
Fiiie Carpets aed Rugs
End of Season Clearing Sale
Also all this season's newest creations will be offered at
exactly 23 per cent below downtown prices— note the
bargains:
O/rv«rli»iiit-ir V* ovno-fe A11 thIs season's newest patterns,
KOXtmry Carpets— sultablo foP parJor> bedroom, din-
ing-room, also hall and stairs— sewed, laid and f=j/T\^
lined J\jQ
Bigelow and Lowell Axminster Carpets— Jjj e jj|§
most lasting high-pile carpet made; all the latest colorings
—Persian, Turkish or floral designs; sewed and d^-ii E?/f]y
laid, per yard .*. %
Bigelow and Lowell Body Brussels Carpets —
About 23 different patterns, suitable for parlor?, library
hall and stairs; this carpet sells regular for (jj? -i
$1.3O; sewed and laid, per yard <»p 1 <,^>jd>2
English and American Tile Linoleum— J^ r |p
erina for office, kitchen or stores; other stores d*» fl "2/f!v
ask $1.73 for the same goods; sale pries, per yard «J) 11 »<sj>O
Genuine Cork U'nolMm-S£5 le S Pd ( J u H? y a %"^S-
never before sold for less than 73c; sale price, per pa.
square yard... .7. OUC
Smith's Axminster and Moquette Carpe*s —
A deep hiah-pile carpet; borders to match; regular (PsEJ^r
price $1.23; sale price, sewed and laid, per yard VOC
Wilton Velvet Carrsets We show the greatest as-
ynau " tcivci V/drpcts sortment of this popular
grade of goods; all thenew spring patterns; suit- d* ii /r\.r\
able for parlor, dining-room and hall; p ryard.. <5p I •UU'.
Smith's and Sanford's Tapestry Carpets—
A line of about 2O different patterns; regular price / <./f\ r ,
73c; sale pric?, per yard Oi/V.
Upholstery Department
Special Reduction Sale (Second Floor)
fReps and Armure.
Portieres-{ with tapestry borders, were* 7.50 Pr. $4.50
(Armure, with lace applique " {9.50 " $7,25
Damask Curtains, with lace effects, were $25.00 Pr. $20.00'
Table < French Tapestry, 2 yds sq., ware $2.25 $ jj .SO
Covers ( Mercerized " " « « $5.25 $3.75
Lace Certatas and Bed Sets
Very Greatly Reduced
( Marie Antoinette Pr. $8 00
Curtains Renaissance Pr $11.50, 116.50
Ruffled Net Bed Sets $4.50, 5.25, 6.75
Arabian " " Each $1 1,50 to 50.00
<. Formerly $13. OO to $65:OO
Cor, 16th aed Mission Streets
MISCELLANEOUS.
A2XTJSE2CEEST&THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY; JANUARY 1:2, 1902.
In its hotels and other public places are
to be found glittering collections of min
erals, attesting to the richness of the
county's lodes and placers, the whole be
ing sufficient to outfit mining museums
with specimens. In the heart of the town
on a main street, the workings of a quits
recent mining enterprise are in evidence"
the quartz making up an unique spectacle'
considering that it abuts on flower gar-
There is no man in El Dorado County
¦who has a right to complaint of the price
of roofing when he can go out with a
drill, a little blasting powder, a few chis
els and a cart, and make for himself in
a day enough shingles of slate with which
to cover the top and sides of his house
The slate outcroppings appear on the tops
of high hills. In the deep depression of
the canyon through which runs the south
fork of the American River, in ledges on
tlie farther side of the American River
in deposits by the country roads, where
al! may get slate for the gathering of it.
It is good, stout stuff, withstanding suc
cessfully the weather's attacks for ages
Some of it is fine in texture and hard as
adamant, although easily split; other de
posits are soft and can be crumbled be
tween the fingers.
The commercial aspect of the El Do
lti% t P ?^%^ th ! bright Prognostica
tions of the El Dorado people about their
future Justified the sending of -a repre
sentative of The Call to view Placerville
and the surrounding country for the pur
pose of securing reliable information for
the public. Placerville is the leader of El
Dorado enterprise, lying in a favorable
position among the foothills of the Sierra
Nevada at the end of the first railroad
ever constructed in California and look
ing forward to the time when some trans
continental line shall be constructed
through it and so bring It Into immediate
touch with the great country lying east
of the mountains.
Huge Array of Slates.
These facts are but just becoming gen
erally known. The first and natural re
sult of such knowledge is that capital is
being attracted to El Dorado and people
in the East, who have rested secure in
the va!n belief that they had for all time
a monopoly of the slate trade of this
coast, are casting eyes in this direction.
Already one company that has been
launched has the aid of capital from Penn
sylvania, in which State there are vast
slate inQustries. The significance of this
will not be lost. Oddly enough, while it
has been known in El Dorado County for
a long period that elate abounded there,
efforts to utilize the supply have never
bfen vigorously pushed, at least not on
a. scale of energy comparable to that be
stowed upon gold mining or fruit raising,
until very recently. Even now slate pro
duction, considering the possibilities in
plain view for the immediate future, may
be raid to be only in its infancy, but it is
a stout and sturdy infant that will be
heard from yet very strongly.
First cousins are the slates, shales and
schists. In the far off Cambrian, Silurian
and Devonian periods of the world's his
tory slate was deposited on ocean floors
as fine mud and was ' afterward, com
pressed into hard rock. Then, in some of
the eccentric motions of the earth's sur
lace, before political slates were known
or dreamed of by the monstroils animal
life of those dim days of early time, slate
beds were tilted up and appeared as out
croppings of blue, green, purple, gray and
blac-K argillaceous rocks, having a peculiar
structure, by reason of which the slate
readily splits into tbin plates or laminae.
K.ind Nature, doing so much for Califor
nia, when it vras passing around gold, cli
mate and scenery, was not niggardly
when it came to throwing a due allowance
of slate to the future Golden State. There
is enough material so provided in El Do
rado County to roof the world.
California, prospects of
rreat wealth for the historic old county of
El Dorado, in the comparatively new in
dustry of slate quarrying, are brought to
view. The county is rich in mines, lum
ber, fruit and in the capacity of producing
electric po.wer by the harnessing of swift
running mountain streams. Now slate Is
forging to the front and it puts forth the
proud claim that El Dorado County has a
monopoly of all the slate deposits of the
vast region west of the Missouri River in
the United States. Therefore millions
may be reaped in a comparatively new
California field.
•^rr -"Tfr w ITHIN a very few
\h vL Y miies ° f the p iace
yh ijgk / where Marshall picked
\S& / i|Sk / up,- In the race of the
«y \3r old Gutter & Marshall
Y y sawmill, the first golden
nugget found in Alta
There is this radical difference between
slate quarrying and quartz mining for
gold or other metals: The slate manifests
itself above ground and extends down
ward to a great depth in a" solid ledge,
whereas the gold quartz is more uncer
tain of discovery at the outset and la
elusive when the- miner would follow
From this episode the more recent ex
ploiters of the El Dorado County slates
have taken counsel and have sought more
eligible sites, where their industry need
not be suspended for any visible cause.
As the gold industry has to a very large
extent gone from the river courses of
California to the mountains and hillsides,
so, but for different reasons, has the
more modern elate enterprise. |
As with so many other industries in Cal
ifornia, that of slate producing has al
ready passed through the period of ex
periment. From the mistakes af the past
the fruit producers of California, the min
ers and other classes of citizens prepar
ing products for the market have arrived
at an understanding of the circumstances
and requirements that attend them as
they toil. Where the south fork of the
American River hurries along over ita
gravels that once were rich with gold at
Chile bar were the original slate quarries
of the State. To say the truth, these de
posits are abandoned. By the banks of
the river are piled up . large masses of
slate, the detritus of earlier quarryings,
the moraines of toll. No one doubts that
the slate at Chile bar is good, but there
was no dumping ground for the refuse.
In front of the operators stood, the re
straining influence of the" California.De
bris.Commission, which would not permit
the American River to be filled up. That
stopped the quarrying there.
Experimental Stage Passed.
dens and modern and handsome homes.
Through the streets of Placerville, at in
tervals, resound the booming noises that
tell of blasting in the hills, where the
populace seeks for precious metals, or
slate or other mineral substance. Down
its main thoroughfare heavily loaded
carts, drawn by four horses, go carrying
loads of slate quarried out in the hills be
yend Chfle bar. *
Splendid Section of California Finds
Another Source of Wealth.
PRESENCE OF TBOOPS
AWES THE CHEYEN2TES
BUTTE, Mont, Jan. 2L— A special to the
Miner from Miles City says Troop F, Sev
enth United States Cavalry, to-day re
turned to Fort Keogh from the Lame
Deer agency, on the Cheyenne Indian res
ervation, whither the troop had been sent
to quell a threatened outbreak of the In
dians and suppress the war dances caused
by a tragedy following an attempt to ar
rest an Indian for alleged cattle rustling.
Everything Is reported quiet at the
agency, the presence of the soldiers hav
ing had a wholesome effect upon the red
skins. A detachment of about fifty cav
alrymen has been left on guard at the
agency as a precaution against further
trouble. imilil ilillllHIil
continue to contribute to the stream of treasure
that for more than fifty years has been flow
ing- out of the Golden State; will continue to
add its portion of the royal metal to the coffers
of the world. ,
The topography of the county Is such that
water can be carried to every part of it. In
fact a plentiful supply of water Is carried to
all sections on the line of the mother lode by
three great ditch systems on the three great
ridges or divides within the county — the sys
tem of the California Water Company on the
north divide, the El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company's system on the mid
dle and the Diamond Ridge or Park Canal sys
tem on the south divide.
Another close observer of the affairs of
the county is W. E. Mackenzie, editor of
the Placerville Nugget, who has written
the following review of the existing con
ditions in El Dorado for The Call by re
quest:
A . review of the resources of El Dorado
County at this point in its history must include
three factors which are at present prominent
and of Increasing Importance In the develop
ment of the State of California — mining, lum
bering and the generating of electric power to
be transmitted to the cities and Industrial cen
ters of the State. ,This county shares with the
State at large the present hopeful outlook.
First among her industries ranks • mining.
Her , mines are still immense storehouses of
fortune to which the pick' and driU of the
miner, backed by enterprise and modern equip
ment, are the keys. Much successful work has
been done recently in the mines which have
already produced millions upon millions of dol
lars. • -V " ..< . ; ¦
. Vast belts of timber, the finest of Its kind in
the world, are- now ¦ being developed by enter
prising lumber companies, and the past year
has witnessed the construction of a lumber
cable 180O feet high across the American River
ble3 by | sailing vessels . from the East.
After a' time he , began to explore Cali
fornia for slate and visited many coun
ties in that quest. He made his first dis
covery, in 18»7. . Subsequently: his enter
prise, was rewarded by finding other de
posits of large size, all of which were in
El Dcrado . County. He discovered tho
deposits at Kelsey * that- are now * being
worked by the • Eureka Slate Company,
and he quarried there for a time. He had
not the capital to carry on the business
upon . a . large scale. Before the - railroad
was constructed from Shingle Springs | to
Placerville he ¦ had satisfied himself that
there was enough, slate' in El Dorado
County to "make the exploitation of ; it a
good investment, : and . it -was largely
through his representations that the rail
road : line 'was continued on " to Placer
ville.- Mr. Strahle - worked,, the Kelsey
quarry/ and then sold out his interest in
the property to : William J.- Dingee. He
has an in another tract where
there ;¦ is slate. , In , the course of his op
erations he caused samples of slate from
all parts of the f world where there are
producing quarries . to . be gathered for
inspection, •. and competent judges re
ported' that. El Dorado had . ¦ as
fine an article; as -could be: found any
where. . Strahle still: lives near .Kelsey.
Although he Is ; 70 ; years old , he ' may be
seen any; fine day climbing over the hills
and always ; concerned . in slate. >•* ' - -
i The j enterprise > of ? Colonel F. - S. Chad
bourne 'has brought . into operation the
works of the California Slate Company.
He: heard of 'the deposits in El Dorado
County and investigated. He soon discov
ered that the location which " he selected
and now; occupied by; his: company- ¦; had
There _ are other, processes i to r be V em
ployed upon \ slate designed for other uses.
With the jig saw slate can be cut up into
almost- any shape -desired.-- Those
who, attended the Midwinter Fair in this
city may -remember that In the El Dorado
exhibit. was a handsome design* in ; slate.
Colonel Chadbourne has nroved the cleav
age of the slate from the quarry of the
California ,, Slate Company i by exhibiting
at the El Dorado ; County: District Fair
County Foresees Wealth.
size. Success - is always, to the expert
operator, morally, certain.
I The machinery of the slate quarries of
El Dorado County is quite simple. The
California Company brings up the quarried
slate from the bottom of tlje. present
workings upon a tramway that is ope
rated by water. Simply by gravitation, an
iron tank' on wheels, when filled with
water, hauls up the inclined tracks a large
load of slate, on the tram.
rhe Eureka quarry hoists with steam,
bringing cord , wood ; to the top of a hill
for fuel, .there employing a steam engine.
The engineer is signaled bv electricity
from the depths of the quarry, which are
quite-a distance from him. when to hoist.
The only other machinery that is in use
now applies to ' the cutting of , slate after
it is pried ¦ off Into • the proper sizes for
use in roofing. This is effected by a ma
chine : provided with a sort of knife,, or
straight steel | edge,- which, being forced
to fall forcibly upon the slates as they are
successively presented for trimming or
dressing, as • It ; is v styled by: the ; quarry
men, chops off the edges straight. That
'I. ; there " 's to preparing the stone
shingles that may grace the roofs of the
mansions of , San Francisco. ', -> '¦¦
There are two slate quarries in El Do
rado County that are in active operation.
The nearest of these to the tracks of tho
Southern Pacific Company is the • one
owned by the California Slate Company,
of which F. S. Chadbourne, formerly
State Harbor Commissioner, is the gen
eral manager. This is On the very edge
of Placerville, situated upon a hill above
the city, and not more than a mile dis
tant. The other is the property of the
Eureka Slate Company. That is at Kel
sey, several miles from Placerville and
separated from it by high ranges of hill3
and the deep canyon of the south fork of
the American River. William J. Dingee
is the president of the Eureka" Slate Com
pany. Expert slate workers ] have . been
brought from abroad by both of the com
panies, David Williams, who was a slate
quarryman in Wales and also in Penn
sylvania; is the foreman of the Califor
nia slate quarry, and John Wlnsboro is
watching the work at the Eureka quarry
and directing it. ' The Eureka Company
was incorporated bnly In 1899. Slate pre
viously . produced ¦ for marketing . in this
State- has been taken out in comparative
ly small quantities. From the best sta-
Two Quarries Producing.
down the vein to riches. Going alonar
with this is the consideration of the com
parative ease with which slate and gold
quartz can be worked. \
The slate can be peeled off in layers
easily as the layers or a ripe orange can
be detached and the material Is ready
for marketing at once, ' with very little
preliminary preparation. The value i3
established^ on discovery and without any
assay. Elate is slate all the world over
and is all useful.
Ready , f or : Market.
. A feature of the local. landscape is : fur
nished by masses of slate neatly piled up
Architects, so the rumor goes in. El Do
rado County, have been many times dis
appointed in receiving the slate,' for which
they have placed large orders. This was
due principally and almost entirely to
the lack of capital in - possession of the
parties who tried „ to establish : a market
prior to the taking over of the two prop
erties now, operated by the companies
that have been mentioned.
a continuation of the ledge of the Cali
fornia Company. Chile Bar lies not less
than 1200 feet lower than the top of the
California quarry. Therefore, it Is sup
posed that the California deposit is 100J
feet deep.. When the operations are push
ed downward the outward semblance to
the aspect of the Palisades will be even
more striking than it Is now. , . v ' "•" ;
The deposit of slate at the works of the
Eureka State Company's plant- at Kelsey
is, seemingly, as extensive as that of the
California Company. The hoisting works
of the machinery at Kelsey takes the
slate that is being quarried out: at- the
bottom of a canyon to the top of a' high
hill, which is apparently all: slate of va
rious colors, textures . and degrees of
hardness. At either of the quarries men
tioned there is enough material to .keep
large forces at work for many years and
the surrounding hills have other prospects
that are probably as vast. ¦ Consequently,
it would seem that El Dorado County not
only has enough wealth in slate to suffice
for the immediate future.but that also,
as in a store house of incalculable size,
there is sufficient to satisfy the demands
of the world for an indefinite period. v
THE significance of the new industry of El Dorado County is that in the quarries / of that county is all the marketable slate known to exist west of the Mis
souri, River. This gives the county a sure market for a vast area, and -adds a material source of. wealth to, the region made historic by Marshall and hi3
sturdy compeers, who flocked to the vicinity where he picked up the first California nugget. But not alone on gold and slate does El Dorado depend
for her prosperity. Nature has conferred upon her many resources which promise greater treasures than even the glittering past can boast. The views of
the editors of El Dorado outline satisfactorily the bases upon which El Dorado builds her not unreasonable hopes for advancement. They are apparent to all men.
Great water power, broad timber belts and fruit production enrich the county rarely.
COUNTY HAS ALL THE SLATE WEST OF MISSOURI RIVER.
tistics available the State marketed, all
of it being from- El Dorado County, 3140
squares of roofing slate, worth $18,000, in
1890; in 1891 the product was 4000 squares
of the value of $24,000; in 1900 and 1901 it
is estimated that the total output was
worth SCO.OOO.
Now any one who views the works of
the modern slate companies does not
have to take the word of anybody to see
that they have selected sites that save
them from encountering the difficulties
that effectually tied up their predeces
sors. Both of the slate quarries named
in the foregoing are situated upon hills
and there are deep canyons below that
will not' be filled up in a century by all
the debris that they will cast out. The
hills stand up sheer and tall and the land
slopes away for long distances. By rea
son of such location the neighborhood of
the quarries is not devoid of picturesque
suggestions.
Resemble the Palisades.
Looking upward from, the deep canyon
below the works and quarry of the Cali
fornia Slate Company/the observer views
that which, at a short distance, appears
to bear a striking superficial resemblance
to the famous Palisades, which are famil
iar to all persons who have ever sailed
on the Hudson River in New York. Only
a very small portion of the California
Slate Company's ledge has been uncover
ed. The experts say that the deposit at
the edge of the south fork of the Ameri
can River at Chile Bar is unquestionably
A, picturesque figure in the history of
the exploitation of slate in El Dorado
County is Jacob Strahle. who made the
first billiard table on the Pacific Coast
and who was identified for many years
with billiards. In the early times Mr.
Strahle imported the beds of billiard ta-
According to the trade ¦ papers of the
East that make a specialty of reporting
the movements of American slate to,mar
ket and other topics relating to the in
dustry, the slate exports from the United
States to Europe in ten months of 1901
were of the value of $805,237, as against
$695,557 In the corresponding period in 1900.
. Picturesque Figure. . v
) El Dorado County counts upon making
a great deal - of money .from the slate
quarries which are now in operation; be
cause slate deposits in all parts of the
world have been successful. The mate
rial is useful for pavements, curbstones,
posts, billiard table beds, mantels, fire
boards, register frames, radiator tops,
steps and risers, platform tiles, wainscot
ing, cisterns, sinks, refrigerators, impos
ing stones, moldings, thresholds, laundry
tubs, bathtubs, counter tops, greenhouse
shelves, table- tops, card receivers and
many other purposes. In addition to the
home demand which will be created in
the Pacific Coast States and Territories
there will be a field for this latest Indus
try of -El Dorado County in Australia.
and also at the California State Fair at
Sacramento pieces of slate more than ten
feet long split to the thickness of three
sixteenths of an inch. ,
With a record of over $250,000,000 produced
from her mines in the past, with the greatest
mineral zone in the world extending across the
entire breadth of the county, with miles of an
cient river channels as yet scarcely prospected,
together with cheap timber, facilities for cheap
power and transportation, the outlook for the
pioneer industry in the empire county Is indeed
full of promise in the future. . The county will
El Dorado County has a record of hav
ing produced many millions in gold from
her mines. Large mining enterprises are
still characteristic of the county. It3
topography makes it feasible to use wa
ter to devlop electric power In .every di
rection and this power is applicable to the
economical operation of mines. "No other
district in the West has greater oppor
tunities for cheap and efficient motive
power than El Dorado County." So writes
G. J. Carpenter in the Mountain Demo
crat, of which he is the editor and pro
prietor. There are none to deny the truth
of this assertion. Nor will any one take
exception to the following statement of
Editor Carpenter:
Large Enterprise's.
rare advantages. It was not necessary
to perform any hard teaming to get the
product to market, and he had the ad
vantage over any rivals of being several
miles nearer than they to the railroad.
After a time he succeeded in enlisting
Pennsylvania capitalists . in the enter
prise of slate quarrying. and the Califor
nia Slate Manufacturing Company was
organized. The directors are F. S. Chad-^
bourne, H. F. Ingersoll, F. S. Ingersoll,,
M. Glaser and H. S. Martinez.
When slate is standing perpendicularly
in The quarry it is a very easy matter to
detach it from- the mass. It is brought
down in slabs varying from six inches to
one foot in thickness. When it is green,
that is before the moisture has had a
chance to dry out, it is worked very eas
ily and wi.nput splitting at unexpected
places. The • quarryman breaks it open
with steel chisels that are of varying
thickness, but all quite thin. The thinnest
chisel is, naturally," used to pry off a very
thin layer and a thicker chisel for a
stratum of greater thickness.
The operation of detaching «the roofing
slate from the slab to make it fit for mar
keting really amounts to little more than
prying It off. The treatment of stone is
precisely such' as is given to wood that
is to be taken from a block by wedges.
Slate is elastic and successive chisels, in
serted at various places, take off layers
without breaking them into small frag
ments and produce slates of the requisite
in symmetrical arrangements, ready for
shipment to San Francisco and other
points, where it is needed for roofing.
There are thousands- of pieces of slate
that have been . chipped down to the
requisite thickness and dimensions to be
used for roofs, that are gazed at by stran
gers who visit Placerville and that hold
the promise of a coming great industry
of the county of El Dorado. Some of the
slate is gray, but the supply of that color
is relatively small in proportion to the
whole of the deposits. The great bulk is
dark-colored, - such as - is found on the
roofs of public bufldings.
Seekers for Gold Are Actively Delving in Canyons, While Large Plants
Are Gleaning Treasure From Quartz.
The diversion of the railroad from the
line originally contemplated by the con
structors of the road over the Sierras to
connect with the Union -Pacific has not de
prived Placerville of the advantages of
being a distributing point for a consider
able section. Teams carry out freights to
the adjoining country in the favorable
season. From Placerville a stage' line
runs to Lake Tahoe and other stages con
nect with points nearer at - hand. It is
still a pleasure for many Californians to
go to Placerville and stage It over the
high Sierras to Tahoe, the distance bein<
only sixty-five miles, which is easily cov
ered I in a day by making an early start
from either end of the line. Here are the
skilled Jehus who wield the reins still In
the fashion that made travelers like Hor
ace Greeley and others amazed. Cool of
r.erve, resolute, careful and strong, here
they still are not without honor.
A casual view of Placerville would lead
the observer to say that the dwellers are
getting much out of life in the way of
solid enjoyment, which is added to by
climate, altitude, pure water and a grati
tude for nature a bounteous gifts.
Staging 1 the Sierras.
There are many miners prospecting in
the canyons of El Dorado. The mines
that are being actively operated embrace
the Larkin. which is situated on the
mother lode, three miles south from Pla
cerville; the River Hill mine, formerly
known as the Gentle Annie, on the edge
of Placerville, where from forty to fifty
men are steadily employed; the Pyramid
mine, on Dry Creek, near the Junction
with "Webber Creek; the Vandalla, four
miles south from Shingle Springs at
Canyon; the St. Clair jnine at Kelsey; the
Starlight mine at about two miles from
El Dorado; the South Slope mine, at the
head of Onion Valley, near Eleven Pines,
and about thirty miles from Placerville;
the Golconda quartz mine in the Pilot
Knob mining district, and the copper
mines Cambrian, Noonday, Little Emma
and Ford, which are on the copper forma
tion that lies west of the mother lode.
Miners Are Active.
In these utterances of the editors of the
Placerville papers are very thoroughly
shadowed forth the reasons for the be
lief in the future of the old empire
county. -.- , |if s
A few years ago El Dorado was the empire
county of California, and in a review of the
big projects that are coming her way now
there is promise of restoration to her former
position. Her mines and quarries, timber belts
and" water power are most inviting' fields for
capital and enterprise.
and a lumber railway which taps the timber
belt.
Second, the mountain streams and lakes ar«
becoming a valuable resource of the county.
Capital 13 preparing here, as elsewhere, to
harness the snow-fed mountain torrent to the
wheel3 of industry. Several electric power
companies have plans matured for power
plants In this county and some work has al
ready baen done toward utilizing the water of
Silver Fork and Wrights Lake.
El Dorado County also contains the only
two slate quarries west of the Mississippi.
These produce first quality alate. the quantity
of which is practically unlimited.
Large deposits of limestone, capable of be
ing manufactured into a high-grade of Port
land cement, are found within a few miles
of Placerville. Their development waits only
upon transportation problems.
The construction of a transcontinental rail
way through El Dorado County has been a
possibility for many years. At present Indi
cations point with reasonable certainty to Its
construction in the near future. Increasing
travel has so congested traffic on the Central
Pacific between Sacramento and Reno as to
render necessary either a double track system
over the mountains or the building 1 of a new
road with easier grades and less snowsheds.
The Southern Pacific has recently surveyed a
route through Placerville across the mountains
which will reduce the grade about 400Q feet
and obviate the necessity of maintaining snow
sheds, besides shortening the route over forty
miles. Under these circumstances the con
struction of the road is almost an assured fact.
SCENES ILLUSTRATING DIVERSE* FEATURES OF HISTORIC LAND OF GOLD ON MOTHER LODE,
Mineral Region
Prospers,
OPULENT EL DORADO COUNTY OPENS UP VAST
SLATE DEPOSITS THAT COULD ROOF THE WORLD
8¦; For some tlme'there.has been a protest
oh the part of the chess players and read
ers iC at • the | Mechanics' , Institute against
the I use of ; the one room for the 'perusal
of newsnaners ¦ and claying of chess.* Last
Separate Room for Chess-Players.
Tax Collector Smith. yesterday prepared
a- list of holders of national bank stock
who paid taxes thereon under "protest..
The total amount of taxes. which. the' city
will now return under the decision of the
United States Circuit Court ; is $13,685 91.
Among the holders of stock.are James D;
Phelan, E. B. Pond, Lovell White, the
Cronitar heirs and George Whlttell. ¦ ,
Their Taxes Will Be Refunded.
; City' Attorney \ Lane advised the"' Pollca
Relief and Pension . ; Fund Commissioners
yesterday that . they - have no power , to
grant pensions to'any; other than mem
bers; of the department. ¦ One who was
fcrmerly a member of the Police Depart
ment, but is notia'j member thereof now
cannot be given ;the*beneflt of- the pen
sion-fund. Lane says. . • ... -; . ¦ ¦-..'. ... . ,-
Power to Grant Pensions'
W. M. Simpson. , a longshoreman, , who
was severely injured last December while
working on tho collier Wellington, filed a
suit for $25,000 damages, against the B~
Dunsmuir. Sons' Company yesterday: It
Is alleged In the complaint that, the en
gineer employed by ; the firm - was intoxi
cated when the accident - occurred ¦ and
handled his engine so carelessly; that a
bucket of coal he was hoisting dropped
on the "plaintiff.- ' v . <¦.
Longshoreman Seeks Heavy Itemages
Santiago lUrlbe, a saloon-keeper at 258
Brannan streat, petitioned the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to'allow him $1020 50
damages caused by a. mob of thirty strik
ers on September 6, 1901. Uribe wants
$220 50 for destruction of his property ," $500
for ¦ loss ' Incurred : by keeping , his ¦ ; place
closed for six weeks and $300 for having
his nose broken by one of the crowd. ¦
Wants Damages for Broken Nose.
A resolution was adopted at the meeting
of the association looking toward the es
tablishment of a mutual friendship be
tween all religious denominations. , Tho
resolution provides for a regular monthl3 r ,
meeting of representatives of the various
religions for the discussion of interesting
topics.- The president of the association
was authorized to appoint a committee of
five to carry the resolution Into effect. .
The Sunday-school'Association met yes
terday afternoon to complete prepara
tions for the house-to-house visitation
which is to be (Commenced next Saturday
and continued | on Monday, Tuesday and
•Wednesday. During these four days the
association expects to have its representa
tives visit every home in the city to llnd
out the number of people in each. family
who do or do not attend Sunday-school.
It is expected that from 1500 to 2000 visit
ors will be at work on Saturday.-. ¦
for the Grand House-to-House
Visitation..
Association Completes Arrangements
Gus'tav, Friederlch, a prominent bank
official of this city, succumbed to an at
tack of typhoid fever Monday night at the
Waldeck Sanatorium. The deceased, was
54 years of age. * He- was the general in
spector of branches of the London and
San Francisco Bank (Limited), In which
institution he had held a position of trust
for thirty years.
He leaves four, children— Mrs. William
Hoelscher of this city. Beatrice and Mar
guerite Friederich, who are completing
their education in Germany, and ason,
Alfred, who is employed in the Portland
branch of the London and San Francisco
Bank. •
cumbs to an Attack of
Typhoid.
Well-Known .Bank Inspector Suc^
GTJSTAV FRIEDEBICH DIES
ATT WALDECK SANATORIUM
Frank A. Morton, a Point Richmond
contractor, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Dillon and Crock
ett on a charge of assault to murder. His
bonds were fixed at 52000. Lillie Mohr,
*rhom he is accused of beating on the
head with a gaspipe In her room at 102
Taylor street, Monday morning, was un
able to appear In court and Mrs. Armie
Betchelder, a friend, swore to the com
plaint.'
Contractor Morton Booked.
Bids for Rebinding Books.
The Supervisors' Printing, Commltt'se
decided yesterday to . invite j bids for re
binding official record, books 1 in the office
of the Coroner, Health Board, County
Clerk, Board of Supervisors,, City. Attor
ney. Recorder and Board of Public Works.
Of Arabian' wool that from Bagdad Is
considered best, then that from Mosul
and from Kurdistan.
At a meeting held at the Mercantile
Library Association's rooms on Monday
evening the following named officers were
elected for the year: President. George
Aimer Newhall; vice president, Thomas C.
Van Ness; treasurer, Latham McMullin;
recording secretary. Dr. F. J. Lane; cor
responding secretary, John W. Twigrgs;
trustees— D. D. Shattuck, F. H. Johnson,
L. H. Bonestell. William G. Badger,
Thomas Magee Jr., D. E. Miles, A. R.
Fredertcks, Benjamin Edson and E. E.
Perley.
Mercantile library Officers.
Mrs. Linda H. Bryan, 2422 'Buchanan
street, gave a delightful luncheon at the
Palace Grill yesterday in honor, of Mrs.
H. E. Huntington. Although the luncheon
was a long one, lasting until 3 o'clock, the
affair was quite informal. Mrs. Bryan is
one of those charming hostesses [ who
make every one feel : quite at . home/ and
her latest effort was a success in every
Mrs. Charles P.ensselaer Havens, Mrs. Wat
son D Fennimore, Mrs. George H. Bucking
ham, Mrs. • Henry T. Bush. Mrs. George H.
Luchsinger. Mrs. H. J. Summerhayes. Mrs.
Jessie T.'- Andrews.. Miss Louise Howland, Miss
Mills, Miss Spauldlng and Miss Edwards.
Mrs. Aurelius E. Buckingham and Mrs.
Elliott D. Goodrich gave a tea. yesterday
at the residence of the former, 280S Jack
son street. A I large number of friends
were entertained, and the afternoon was
most enjoyable. Those who assisted in
receiving were:
Muliln, Mrs. Thomas P. Bishop, ' Miss Elsie
Tallant, Miss Bertha » Smith. Miss Virginia
Rodgers Nokes, Miss Georgina Jones, Miss
Mary Harrington, Miss Louise Harrington,
Miss Lillian Spreckels, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss
Sallle Maynard, Miss Helen Dean, Miss Nadine
Nuttall, Miss Anna Foster, Miss Margaret Sal
isbury, Miss Josephine Loughborough, Miss
Elsie Sperry, Miss Sarah Collier. Miss Bernice
Landers, Miss Mabel Landers, Miss Olive Hol
brook. Miss Maud Bourn, Miss Emily Carolan,
Miss GeneVleve Carolan, Miss Cornelia Scott
of St. Louis, Miss Marie Lansdale, Miss Bessie
Bonsall. Miss Ives. Miss Georgrlna Hopkins,
Miss Frances Hopkins, Miss Katherine Herrln.
Miss Katliryn Robinson. Miss Sophia Pierce,
MIS3 Edith Huntlngton, Miss Aljlce Hager,
Miss Bessie McNear, Miss: Carrie Taylor and
Miss Grant.
night the trustees met at the institute
and after taking the matter into consid
eration'decided that separate rooms shall
be provided from now. on.
The Doctor's Daughter^ anno-unce that
their boxes are all sold for theEder Jai
on the coming Saturday; in fact, several
more have been applied for than could be
provided. The tickets/are still on sale at
Sherman, Clay &'Co.'s. at $1 each, includ
ing reserved seats. All of the Doctor's
Daughters have tickets .for sale and are
working with even more than their ac
customed zeal to make the "benefit" on
Saturday a great success. . The rapidity
with 'which tickets are going* shows, an
appreciation of this worthy society and
its work.
The ladles who. were "at home" yester
day included: Mrs. J. M. Driscoll, 2111
California street: Mrs. Bishop Nichols,
Miss Marie Wells, Mrs. George C. Board
man and. Mrs. Sherwood..
Dr. C. C. Collins, U. S. A. : Dr. Greenleaf.
IT. S. A.: .Lieutenant Bfower, IT. S. A.: Lieu
tenant Lowenberg. U. S. A.; Miss. Lucie King,
Mlsa Mareerie Gibbons, Mrs. Dunham.
Miss Ruth Dunham gave a 'delightful
informal dinner preceding the Presidio
"hop on Monday. The guests were:
• Mrs. Sidney M. ; Smith gave a luncheon
yesterday at her home, i Broadway and
Webster streets, : to a number of her*
friends. ¦* . »
¦ . • • • - ¦ ¦ • • *
Miss Florence Dennigan, Miss Louise Hepp
ner, Miss Daisy Burns,* Miss Bessie Wilson,
Miss Gertrude Campbell, Mrs. Plum. Miss
India Scott, Miss Hendy and Miss May Warde.
daughter of the tragedian, who also dropped In
during the afternoon.
Frank, alias Tom Callaghan, was sen
tenced to six months' imprisonment In the
County Jail by Judge Fritz yesterday on
the charge of petty larceny for stealing a
demijohn of wine from N. Cuneo. It was
while arresting Callaghan that Detective
Bailey was attacked by a gang of hood
lums on Pinckney alley. Nicholas Riley
was also sentenced to six months by
Judge Fritz for stealing a kit of " tools
from George Clark, plumber, Broderlck
and Fulton streets."
Petty Larcenists Sentenced.
TWO OF THE BELLES AT THE ORIENTAL, CLUB'S OPENING DANCE
OF THE SEASON, WHICH WAS HELD LAST NIGHT IN GOLDEN
GATE HALL.
E. Mayberry. a- visitor from Bakersfleld,
while suffering from delirium tremens
Monday night, threw bowls and pitchers
through the window of a room he was oc
cupying at 921% Mission street. A police
man was called in and Mayberry told him
he had been robbed of $300. The officer
found $200 scattered over tne floor. May
berry was arrested for malicious mischief
and disturbing the peace. When he ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday he
said he remembered nothing about break
ing the window and promised to pay for
any damage he had done. He was con
victed and will be sentenced to-day.
Foolish With. His Coin.
In the suit brought by John F. Lassing
against the Simon Newman Company,
now pending before Judge Seawell, the
court has decided that Lassing is not en
titled ¦ to an injunction restraining: New
man from prosecuting a suit against him
to. recover possession of .a large tract of
land in Merced County. Judge Seawell
holds that the charges in Lassing's com
plaint against Newman ¦ are , general in
their nature and not specific, and that Jie
could not therefore grant an injunction
restraining Newman from : possessing
himself of the lands which Lassing had
conveyed to him.>
Application for Injunction Denied.
TO TAKE SUNDAY-SCHOOL
CENSUS OF THE CITY
Miss Pearl Landers, Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs,
Mrs. - William H. Taylor Jr., Mrs. Augustus
Taylor, Mrs. William Rcnwick Smedbenr Jr.,
Mrs. Laurence Irving Scott, Mrs. Latham Mc-
The guestS were
Mrs. Frederick W. Tallant gave an elab
orate luncheon to . forty-five guests yes
terday at her home, 2321 Buchanan street:
The luncheon was complimentary to her
sister, Miss Pearl Landers. The five tables
were arranged 'in the dining-room and
library with beautiful candelabra and
floral decorations by the artistic hand
of Mrs. Woodworth. At the white table,
where Miss Pearl Landers sat, the flow
ers were fuchsias. The. next table'. wa3
decorated with red tulips and another
with yellow tulips?. The four youngest
debutantes were placed at the pink table
done in Bridesmaid roses. The green table
was greatly admired with its well-chosen
assortment of wild ferns.
Gus Soher, Miss Gustella Stolz. Miss Eunice
Goddard.' IJ. A. Schtvabacher. F: S. Schwa
bacher. Clay Slocumb, Miss E. . Allen, George
Fuller. Miss E. Blanche Getty,' H.'- A. Frankr
Mis9 Pauline Morris, I. Heinernan. Uiss Mabel
Lowenberg Louis de Lano. Hiss Lou Buck.
M. A. Edwards, Miss F. A. Edwards, Miss
Lena Edwards, George 'Washington Parks,
Miss Stuyvesant, Paul de Gos, David Johns.
Miss Gertie Mitchell, H. Michael, Miss E.
Michael, Leonard Simon, Miss Jennie . Meyer,
Miss Anna Meyer, William D. Hobro Jr., Mrs.
William D. Hobro Jr., Walter B. Dorie. Mi«s
TllUe Lundblade, Louis Hirsch. Miss Martha
Hirsch, Miss Fldie Savannah, Miss C. Lund
blade, Miss A. Hittman, G. L. Sobey, Miss
lone Gwinn, H. L. Whltehead, Miss Lottie
Whitehead, L. Proyer, Miss Sadie Reinstein,
I. W. Rankln, Miss Edith Smith. D. T. Berry,
Miss Dorothy Lewis. W. J. Watson, Miss G.
Kelly. Howard J. Van Kirk. Miss Lettle 'Con
neau, Sidney Franklin Samlsh, Katherlne
Louise Ralston, L. R. Samlsh, Miss Hattle
Kirskle, T. Jack Zeklnd, Miss Grace Crocker,
Edgar C. Levey, Mi«« Lena Edwards. Al Mey
erfeld. Miss Stella Hertz. A. D. La Motte, Miss
M. A. de Pue, A. Levit, Miss E. C. Levey,
William Muller. Miss Ida Hahn, Mr. and Mrs.
George Fougo; Mr. 4 and Mrs. James Packer Jr..
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. DlnkelEpeil, Miss Rose
Lundblade Miss Lottie Lundblade, Miss An
nie Hittman, George W. Mitchell. Miss Ethel
Andrew, Dr. L. Lurnger, Miss Block. ¦ Harry
J. Frank, Miss Pechner, P. L. Peters, Miss
Esther Halloran, A. Blass, Miss .R. Coghlan,
A. C. Karski. Miss Martha Karski. H. Ep
etein. Miss Etta Block, Henry Lemser. Miss
Johnson, Fred Keser, Miss Lizzie Packer,
Harry , Levison, ¦ Mies Maggie Raleigh, Mlr.s
Lillian L. Cosgrove, Max Horn, Thomas M.
Fink, Marcus Lafee, Miss Kate Ralston, F. W.
Seyferth, Miss Edythe Pollard, H. D. May
nard. Miss E. J. Harrison, Irving Scott Marks,
Miss M. M. Larkin, A. Schmulian. Myrtile M.
Blum, Harry J. Cooper. Walter Minner, Miss
Mabel Flyshaker, Victor Aaron, Miss Mattle
Karsky, J. Rupheld, Dr. A. J.. Hlnlker, Marc
Lafee, Emil Kahn, Leon H. Fall, Ralph I.
Levy, William Jones, Louis A. Colton, Miss
Essie Colton. «
Among those present were:
THE Orientals gave their first dance
of the season last evening at Gold
en Gate Hall. The color scheme
for decoration was principally
pale blue with festoons of white
and green; The hallwas thronged with
ladies and gentlemen in elaborate evening
dress. The members of the club were
distinguished by the Oriental fezze3
which they wore. The cotillon was a most
enjoyable one, with music' furnished " by
Hynes. The dancing continued until mid
night. ,!
The members of the club who had the
dance In charge comprise: Messrs. Harry
Levison, George E. Tooker. Herman A.
Frank, Louis A. Colton, Victor Aaron,
James Packer Jr. and Gus Soher. '
\AJ1 day yesterday the commission ap
pointed to consider the acquirement by
the State of a park in the Big Basin in
Santa Cruz County sat in conference In
the Palace Hotel, attended" by the mem
bers of the advisory I committee. Gover
nor Qage presided. There 1 was a full at
tendance, the only, absentee being Gen
eral N. -P. -VChlpman. '- Seemingly the
representations recently made to in
duce the commission to take Immediate
action In purchasing the lands offered by
the Big Basin Lumber Company at the
rate of $100 per acre had no effect.. - The
sessions, forenoon and. afternoon, -were
held with closed doors. Many matters
connected with the proposed park were
discussed. Maps were reviewed and. the
question of making' certain that the park
be insured 'a complete water supply -by
Including the south fork of Waddeli
Creek and enough of the drainage basin
for park purposes i was additionally con
sidered, in the discussions of the day
other topics . of collateral interest came
up, but no vote was adopted to purchase
the tract offered by the Big Basin L,um-,
ber Company at llUu per aero or any otner
prlce.
The commission will not send any word
to the convention that meets to-morrow
at San Jose concerning its present atti
tude. Two members of the commission
reside in Santa Clara County— the " Rev.
Father Kenna and Professor Dudley of
Stanford University. The convention may
possibly learn something from them. Pro
fessor Dudley is the>secretary of the com
mission. At the close. of tho sessions yes
terday afternoon he and Governor Gage,
who were together In the meeting room,
absolutely refused to furnish any inform
ation for publication. • The statement that
no decision to buy the park was reached
comes from, such a reliable source that
the accuracy of it cannot be well doubted.
At this time the commission is going
steadily ahead In the line of acquiring a
park, but It does not appear that It will
be hurried into doing anything that does
not commend itself to the judgment- of
the members. The commission has the
power to. institute condemnation proceed
ings for such lands as may., be selected
for the park and need not pay an ex
orbitant price for the same. ¦
The fact Is admitted by the Commis
sioners that an important resolution was
adopted at the session, but it' was deemed
advisable by the commission to withhold
It from the public for business reasons, j
About three years ago a cesspool in the
college grounds was made the subject of
complaint to the Board of Health by resi
dents in the vicinity, who declared it to
be a nuisance. The laying of sewers In
that district resulted in the remedying of
the evil and since that time the adjoining
property-holders have been silent. While
the untidy appearance of the college
grounds excites comment, no one Is will-
Ing to assert that a nuisance Is being
maintained. Drs. Williamson and Lewitt
of the Beard of Health are members of
the college faculty.
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, dean of the Af
filiated Colleges, admitted yesterday that
the condition of the grounds was
not what it should be. but he
added that improvements could not
be made heretofore owing to the dif
ficulty cf securing an appropriation from
the Legislature for the purpose. He esti
mated that at least $15,060 would be re
quired to make the place thoroughly pre
sentable. He said further that he was in
favor of making the improvements and
that he would do all in his power to bring
order out of chaos.
Improvements "Will Be Costly.
With every rain the hollows at the
foot of the grounds Immediately bordering
upon Parnassus avenue are filled wun
water and present an intolerably dreary
spectacle. These declivities are spanned
by two narrow footbridges, just wide
enough for two slender people to walk
abreast thereon. On either side the vista
is one of an unbroken sea of yellow mud,
which has been a menace «.o students for
four winters past. That the rough slope
fronting the buildings should be leveled,
graded and sown with grass or macadam
ized is conspicuously apparent to every
beholder. That the Regents will be asked
to do all In their power to forward the
necessary improvements Is a certainty.
Toward the west end of tho campus an
unsightly dumping ground, which has evi
dently been In dally use for some time,
offends the taste. This process of tiling
in the land, which is broken by numerous
hollows of greater or less depth, may be
practical, but in the opinion of all who
have beheld the spectacle it does not add
to the beauty of the surroundings. Just
¦what to do with the garbage materials
¦which accumulate In the colleges has been
a source of worry to the olficiaJs in charge
and no disposition other than that men
tioned seems possible. They cannot be
6ecreted from view in the rear, owing to
the fact that the buildings stand almost
against the hillside, from which the build-
Ing site was scooped out, so to speak. But
whether the present casting of the gar
bage almost at the front doors of the
buildings thenisel\-.es is to be longer tole
rated is a question which the Regents will
soon be called upon to decide.
Campus a Dumping Ground.
Ever since the buildings were erected
in 1S97 the premises have been neglected.
The site of the colleges is on a grrand emi
nence from which a delightful view of
the ocean, bay and country beyond Is to
be had. Tne site was donated by the late
Adolph Sutro, but the buildings were
erected by, the State. The expense of all
improvements therefore fell upon the
State, a proposition which has consistent
ly t>een ignored by the Legislatures This
xnonxh the property passed under the con
trol of the University Regents and the
gentlemen composing that body may. soon
take 6teps to beautify the premises on a
scale comm.iinsura.te with the imposing
dignity of the magnificent buildings,
•whose architectural beauties languish
ainld their unsightly surroundings.
A first view of the grounds as one ap
proaches them from the east Is not satis
fying. On the contrary, it is decidedly
offensive. The slope of the eminence,
•which Is crowned- by the stately buildings,
le ragged, broken and covered with the ac
cumulatlons of years. The presence of
weeds In. the luxuriance of uninterrupted
growth, amid which broken bottles, paper
bags and other debris are plainly visible,
does not Inspire the casual visitor with
confidence in the enterprise of the guard
ians of the property.
The campus of the Affiliated Colleges on
Parnassus avenue, covered as it is with
weeds, bits of paper, ashheaps and other
material more or less objectionable to an
esthetic taste, is tlie subject of much un
favorable comment and it Is not unlikely
that the University Regents, who now
control the* property, .-will be petitioned
to transf orm. a veritable eyesore into a
epot of beauty.
Urgings of Various Persons
Fail to Influence the
Debris anpl Dump of Refuse
Render Place Odious to
Visitors.
Miss May Sharon gave a very pretty
pink 'and violet, luncheon at her apart
ments in the Palace Hotel yesterday in
honor of Mrs." Robert W. Campbell. A
large pink satin bow formed the' table
centerpiece, from | -which • emerged tiny
swans with violets. The lights ,of the
chandelier overhead were covered .with
pink rose leaves and ferns. Jardinieres
of bridesmaid roses were arranged about
the room.' The guests were:
¦;.: ¦;'", 4 '- j - :' "¦¦"-•¦ - - '¦-¦'.' 4
detail. Covers were laid for twelve. Those
i present were? . . • ;•
;, ¦- Mrs7 ; H.^ E. . Huntingtoon. Mrs. S. • P. Stowe
* of Santa" Barbara,' Miss Gertrude Jack. of San
I Luis Obispo, Mrs. George G. Carr, 1 Mrs. » Albert
; Gallatln.. Mrs. Julius C. Reis. Mrs. Edward H.
: Hamilton, !, Miss . Ida^ Callaghan,. ¦ Miss - Mary
-Polhemua, Mies Marie .Voorhles • and :, Miss
Rowena Burns. . >. ... .; '.;..-¦.
i ¦•¦¦.- . . - ¦ . * "' * •'••,.'¦.
Mrs. j Horace. Blanchard - Chase grave a
: tea • yesterday ¦ In honor • of , Miss Maria
Lansdale of Philadelphia, who Is a' guest ;
i at -present of/ Mrs. Sidney " M. Smith. !
. Thirty, friendd were invited to meet Miss <
¦ Lansdale,'. and, the afternoon was delight
fully sperit.f Among those present were:
! The Misses Harrington. " the Misses Smith, the
Misses Brigham, Miss Coffin, Miss "Kittle. Miss
Allen, the Misses Hopkins, Miss Eells, the
Misses Hager, Miss Head. Miss Juliette Wil
liams and Miss Cad walader. ¦ . ' I
State Commission Is Not
in Hurry to Make
Purchase.
Once More Recounts
How She Met Mil
lionaire Blythe.
Appears to Support Hiram
Unruh's Claim to the- '¦]
Famous Estate.
"I think It tvas In J£75. I was a school
girl, attending the Placerville Seminary.
I saw Mr. Blythe very often before i I
made his acquaintance. " He was a fine
looking- man, and attracted my attention
as I went to and from the school. One
day he tipped his hat to me and bowed.
That is how I first met Mr. Blythe. 1 '
Such was the reply of Alice Edith Dick
ason to a question asked her' yesterday:
in Judge Hunt's court, where the* suit : of
Hiram Unruh, who has commenced pro
ceedings to recover the estate of the late
millionaire, how In the possession of Mrs. '
Florence JtJlythe-Hinekiey-Moore, is be
ins heard. ¦ •
, LJnruh claims the property/ which after
years of litigation was given "to Mrs.
Moore, on- conveyances made by -the- al
leged widow during the progress of tne
long legal proceedings which iohowed the
tiling of l'lorence Jttlythe's claim. .ite
says "Alice Edith" gave him the deeds
as security for loans ho made her to en
able her to carry on the legal contest.
This is the first appearance in court of
the alleged widow since the termination
of the suit. She is the same "Alice
Edith'," apparently, but added years and
her manner of living have left their
traces. She Is 40 years- of age, but looked
scarcely 30 yesterday -when she tripped
lightly to the witness chair. . The presr
ence of a nurse In the courtroom ex
plained her natty appearance. She has
been under a doctor's care for some time,
and every effort is being made by the
medical man and Unruh's attorneys to
keep her in condition for the struggle
which Is once more to- be made 'for the
Blythe millions. *. . (
The attorneys -for Mrs. Moore sought to
prevent the present legal battle by In
troducing in evidence the decision of the
Superior Court, subsequently confirmed
by the Supreme Court, which declared
that "Alice Edith" had no claim on the
Blythe estate. Judge Hunt, however, de
cided that the plaintiff was entitled to
"a day in court," and when he announced
his decision Mrs. Dickason, who up to
that time had sat quietly by the side of
her nurse, was summoned to the stand.
Attorney Baggett, .who represents Un
ruh, asked her but three questions, each
of which related to her connection with
Blythe, and \ then said to the attorneys
for Mrs. Moore:
-"Take the witness."
Mrs. Dlckason remained on the witness
stand for several hours under a cross
examination which, owing to the shrewd
questions of her attorney when she was
first placed on the stand, could only re
late to her relations with the deceased
millionaire. • ¦¦¦ . . - ¦ , .
She gave the same testimony practically
that she gave in the famous trial. She
told h6w she first met Blythe, of her sub
sequent marriage in Oakland to F. L. Pe
ters, and the separation and divorce
which followed. She told how Blythe met
her after she was freed from Peters and
of the furnishing of a cottage for her by
the millionaire at 22 O'Farrell street and
the verbal contract of marriage which
was subsequently made by her and
Blythe.
The court adjourned at this point until
to-day at 10 a. m., when the cross-exam
ination will be continued.
JURY IS SECUBED TO TBY
AIXEGED SLAYER OF BICE
William Buckley Placed on Trial for
the Murder of a Non-TJnion
--,.—» Machinist... ,
It has taken two days to secure a Jury
In Judge Lawlor's court to try the case
of "William, Buckley, charged with the
murder of George Wj Rice, a non-union
machinist, at the corner of Twentieth and
Howard streets. ¦ The trials of Thomas
Moran, Edward Duncan and Charles Don
nelly, co-defendants, will follow. The
taking of evidence will commence this
afternoon, when the prosecution will pre
sent Its case.'
The jurors are: August H. Aubin, cigar
dealer, 610B Geary street: Charles L».
Clough, 2021 Webster street; Benjamin
Newman, merchant, 1816 Sacramento
street; Joseph B. Queen, 418 Scott street;
Daniel Swannack, 171 Alpine street, Henry
Nelmann, shirt manufacturer, 1633 Pulton
street, Emile H. Lange, real estate, 1C7
Carl street; Paul GIrsch, 229 Ninth ave
nue; Christian H. Ingerson, S6t> Folsom
street; Charles S. Jacobs, commission
merchant, 309 Van Ness avenue: Charles
Guillet, confectioner, 905 Larkin street,
and Louis C. Hofmann, grocer, 33S Eddy
street. O.
Ives Arraigned in Court.
Harold Ives, the New "York advertising
man who was arrested Monday for pass-
Ing bogus checks on the Bank of Califor
nia, appeared before Judge .Conlan yes
terday. He was instructed and arraigned
and by consent the case was continued
for one week. Ive-s* bonds were fixed in
$4000, but his friends will make an effort
to have them reduced so that he can be
released. He still declares that he will be
able to straighten things out with the
bank.
Says Gunther Kept the Money.
Norman Hill and Charles Gunther are
employed in the Rlsdon Iron Works. Jan
uary 7 Hill alleges he gave Gunther $50,
to be .sent by telegraphic order to New
York, but Gunther kept the money. Yes
terday Hill swore to a warrant in Judge
Cabaniss' court for Gunther's arrest on
a charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Sorry View Presented
at the Affiliated
Colleges.
DOES NOT VOTE
TO BUY BASIN
"ALICE EDITH"
AGAIN IN COURT
SCHOOL CAMPUS
NEEDS REPAIRS
Delightful Luncheons Given by Four^H and
Two Teas Complete Society's List.
ORIENTALS GIVE ENJOYABLE
DANCE AT GOLDEN GATE HALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO / CALL,' WEDNESDAY; JANUARY 22, 1902.
9
- -- ADVERTISEMENTS. .
CROUP
Cured In half an hour by
the New Germicide.
Boutn Londonderry. Vt., Jan. lflL
The R. T. Booth Co.
Dear Slra— Not Ions a?o my little boy Wal-
ter awakened In the night with a very bad at-
tack of croup, choking, and seemed to experi-
ence thj greatest difficulty In breathing. W«
placed 20 drops of Hyomei on a piece of flan-
nel and allowed him to Inhale It He Imme-
diately began to breathe easier and in half an
hour was fast asleep. Our child being sub-
ject -Jo croup. we now feel perfectly saXe with
Hyomei In the house. It robs this disease ot
all its terrors. GEORGE SISSON.
... Pastor M. E. Church.
, Hyotnel. the . new Dry Air Germicide,
has never failed to cure a case of croup
In half an hour if used as directed. Ten
drops placed on a piece of flannel and
pinned to the night dres3 on retiring 1 will
prevent a child's having the croup.
Hyomei cures colds In one' night, ca-
tarrh In. a" few weeks and its dally uae
precludes all possibility of. you or your
family contracting pneumonia or con-
sumption. "; .
Hyamei is sold. by all druggists or sent
by mall. Outfits complete • J1.00. Trial
Outfits 25c. Hyomei Balm, 25c. Fivo
days' treatment free.
The R. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
Tlie Finest Service to. the
East via Scenic Route and
1 1 Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
]U San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago. New York, Boaton and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
information address
I* M. FLETCHER.
" Pacific Coast Agent.
120 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great }
of anatomy?
\ ,tjf The Largest Anatomical Moseum in the \
m j<jte»fc. World. Weaknesses or any contracted B
V CSjsJJ diiei'.e positivrly cared by the oldest T
Q IS M 1 s P ecialist on the Coast Esc 36 years. ©
iS^^S CR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
pCTs&JlH Con^ultatioa free and strictly priTate. \
f YSqf H Treatment personally or by letter. A M
fl W vl II fotitiva Cmre in titrj case nadertabea. \
V ii llV Wnte for Book. POILOSOPOYaf J
• I! ll'l MAnni.lGK, MAILED FSEB. (Aj
Jk ti l& valoable book for mrn) \
Y JDB. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Mark?t St.,3. P. 9
y«TOX v IM « VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
JSfi&^iK MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
*5l*!' yA have been In uaa over llfty
rau'lpj^SSji years by the leaders of the
• S9i@K^^HuM Mormon Church and their
i*i»r§HSiii I°- llowera - Positively cure the
Mra ffik^Wm worst cases in old and your.?
vSwv*vVf^7 arisln S from effects of self-
\»Ki'i'i«S3(r aDUse > dissipation, excesses or
w^^y|5^Mj cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Majihcod. Impotency, Lost
Ttfiffi^F Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Ner\'0U3 Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, —a, Varlcocel« or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner. **J Mm vous Twitching: of
Eyelids. Effects are rljTL Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»**« * » ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
Vi 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis* St..
San :Franclsco, Cal. GRAiJT DRUG CO., 33
and 40 Third street.
\*Jr FAVORITE
M FOR WEAK WOiWEW.
gBfk CHICHCQTCR'S ENGLISH
felfSYRGVAL PILLS
B»H5TIV o . ««, *' r1 * 1 ""* " n<1 Only CejiaiiMV
fe'^' 5^®^ 111 UEI » IDi Gold mjt»a!o boxe. «ii«4
1& SS&iS « th " >:uerihbo °- '''«i» ¦• .tier. KeftM
p^s WONQ WOO,
LpT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
. VC / SANITARIUM.
_^^^V- 764-66 Clay St., S. P., Cal.
A LL DISEASES CURED
•*Wia*«« l t\. exclusively toy Clilne»«
herbs, over 3C00 varieties being: used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and T to It p. m. -
.« >tf9m9hA»K .*'' EI <? ** fa • non.poi«onon«
nmaiy for Gonorrhoea..
y^S^r CURES Whitos, unnatural di»-
iS&i. 'inlto 5 d»r«. XH charges, or any inaaaimic-
iftE'J Qa*r»ntesa to ™ tion, irritation or nlcera-
|LJ Prereat eonujion. 011 ot "J" c o u ¦ mem-
%ffiaiC!HSlNNATI,0 -£^m or scnt Jn pi a i n wmpper.
W •«%. «• 3- ¦*• jKgfii • by express, prepaid, for
5. 1 - 00 . or 3 bottles, J2.75.
V^|^p'fp, 9 B Circular wnt oa request.
\Lj p KUs*n§£ J)
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application. .
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
I f WIT SflV * m 00 ° Battery Street.
J- t- WiLjUiH tt t'J-. Telephone Main 19IU.
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS."
f %C RftYFS£fn ¦ Shipping Butcher*. 10*
JAJ- Dtf I CD U WU Clay. Tel. Mam 1204.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & KLLI3.
-, 418 Front at.. S. F. . Phona Main 171!>.
PRINTING.
F f HITftHPC ' PRINTER.
E- V IIHUDCS. git Sansonw St.. 3. P.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS-
THE HICKS- JXJDD CO..
23 First atreet. San Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
€>iiD©r Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Shall We
H ave for Dessert ?
This question . arises, ip the family
every, day.-, Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious arid healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes^ No boiling ! no
baking ! add boiling water land set, to
cool. v Flavors:— -Lemon; Orange, Rasp-
berry :and^ Strawberry.;, Get> package
at your grocers to-day, io cts.
j This oignatnre is on every box of the genniae
laxative Bromo s QuinineTabieti
i Vti remedy that cures o cold In one daji
GRAPE-MUTS.
yj J%£fflk Good, i liings
|j^^^^ Bad Place
Pies, puddings, cake and goodies of all j Don't be a crank and think you can
eorts (missionaries excepted) are intend- : only drink hot water and eat white
ed for human use, but such good things : bread.
ehould not be put' in a bad stomach. They; Use Grape-Nuts breakfast food with
are nearly always made up of nourishing J some rich cream, and you will; discover
articles such as milk, sugar, butter, flour, j the "food will agree with the' weakest
etc.. etc.. but the combinations are too j stomach and supply -the highest form of
/hard for any but healthy • stomachs to ij nourishment, predigested and' ready for
digest. {quick change into good, rich blood. ' ¦
You must use carefully selected food if Strength (nerve strength) comes from
you are a little below par. and the sooner J feeding on Grape-Nuts. There's: a' rea-
you do this the sooner your stomach will r son.'-- Try It and prove for yourself,
heal up and get strong again so that you It, seems good to be. perfectly well and
can eat whatever pleases the appetite. feel well fed. >', '-;J-> ''/¦ "/£¦ i ¦'
ADVEBTISEBTENTS.
NATURAL LAXATIVE MINERAL WATER.
Is the BEST LAXATIVE
known to the medical pro-
fession, and is I
fi POSITIVE CURE \
j FOR
¦; :¦'. ' ASK FOR
(FUllL NA5IE) |
And see that you GET it.
Substitutes nre WORTHLESS
and often HARMFUL. i
Label fo Blue with Red Center. |
CflKL! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco. Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
gffiiKiiiP^ RIIPTIIRF"
Biur I unr. j
'.• H^^^^O^^S^KLECTJlir. TRCSS M
H j3^ef5|£?Sr~ Nothing like it. Cotafort & £J
Bj-^T IMs^^ "eerily! A Perfect Ret wuer.jH
H fj§ \^\^ QOea the work! f?~ Call or Kyi
f/*J\
Addresa: MaonetlcE. Truss Co^ J»|3
I 206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. JHpj
or 1145 Broadway, New York. Mention u>u B«per fatfil
new Western hotel.
1/ EARN Y AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
¦• modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. f.Uc to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; ?S to |2O month.'- Free baths;
hot ' and cold water every room:, fire grates In
every room; elevator! runs all night.
I Weak Men an& Women
SHOULD USE "DAMIAN A ! BITTERS. THE
,;. Great. Mexican Remedy; gives health and
i strength to sexual organs. Depot. 32u Market.New York Grain and Produce.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The^flrst series ' of 'the
1902 -wool auction sales opened, to-day. There
was a fairly large .attendance : of s Continental.
American and home buyers eager, to secure sup
plies, to replenish depleted stocks.'" Competition
was .spirited and general. :, The offerings : num
bered 9(90. bales ; of ? unusually :?', good' quality.
Crossbreds . sold 5 per cent higher, medium and
coarse 10 per cent and Cape of Good Hope and
London; Wool Sales.
' One .car , of Eastern . came In, . making-* three
thusUar this .week. ; The market is heavy, the
demand for all descriptions being light, as the
retailers * are -. well * stocked, ' owing to - the . lovr
prices ¦ last week. • Hens,"> Ducks. - Pigeons * and
young : fowl - are s lower. _ ¦-.,.- ,
The demand for. Game la poor, owing to the
thinness ' of- the - birds. Arrivals were 108
sacks.- ¦-, -.¦¦•- ¦¦ : ' .; :y ~. -,-r.- ¦
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; ¦ I4_ve
Poultry and Game,
.NpW TORK, Jan. 21.— Flour— Receipts, 29,
244 barrels;. exports, 2380 barrels; fairly, active
and steady, with wheat.' ;.
¦ WHEAT— Receipts, 58,900 \ bushels; exports,
125,917 bushels; spot 1 firm.' No. 2 ired, 1 - 8S%c
f. o. b. a3oat; No. 2 red, 90%c elevator; No." i
northern Duluth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat;' No. i 1
hard Manitoba, 88%c f . o. ; b. afloat/ ; Options
opened a shade lower because of bearish cables,
turned strong in the- forenoon on vigorous buy
ins for. an advance, \ 'prospects for. a ¦ cold wave
West, covering and strength in ¦ coarse grains, i
A mild midday bear raia , broke prices sharply,"
but was followed' Eoon by; a second upturn- on
reports of light cash stocks , at Chicago ; j closed
Vfc@%c net higher. ¦ ¦ March, >85@85%c, ¦ closed
85%c; May, 84%@85%c, closed '85%c; • July,
84%@84-%c. closed 84%c - . ..
HAY — Barely steady. ,- Good to choice sprine
87@90c. .'¦-.—
HOPS— Quiet. •
: HIDES— Steady.
WOOL^-Dull. . \
SUGAR — Raw^ steady. Fair : refining:. ' 2%c
centrifugal,'.96 test,: 3%c; Molasses sugar,,2%c;
refined was steady! — ¦ ' ¦ . - ; • - ; ;?--:•«•;
COFFEE— Spot Rio," weak. No. 7 invoice, 6c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, . 7%@llo. • Futures closed
THE COAST RECORD.
San J'Vancisco data — Maximum temperature
S3: minimum. 44: mean. 48.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 32-26 Omaha 30-20
Cincinnati 44-32 Duluth ... . . 32-16
Philadelphia 36-2S Chicago 34-30
New Tork 36-30 St. Louis 44-3->
Kansas City 36-30; Salt Lake City. . .40-28
Jacksonville 64-40' Washington ......38-28
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO, ; Jani 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500; steady; good to prime, $6 50@7 : 25; poor
to medium, $4@6; stockers and feeders,' $2 25®
4 75; cows, $2 25@4 3*;% heifers, ?2 50@5; can- I
ners. ?1@2 25; bulls, $2 25@4 60; calves, $2 50
@8 25; Texas fed steers, : $3 25@6 25. "
. HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 36,000; to-mor
row, 35,000; left over, 4000. : Ten cents. to 15c
lower and slow.- Mixed and butchers', $5 00®
6 50; good to choice heavy, $6 30@0 55'; rough
heavy,. $5 00@6 20;, light, $5 B0@6; bulk of
sales, ?o 45@6 30. , .
¦ SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. .: Sheep, ' steady;
lambs, steady to/lower." Good to choice weth
ers, $4 30@5; fair to : choice mixed, $3 75®
5 2o; native lambs, $3 50@6; Western lambs,
fed, $o@5 85. -.; , . • .-»••-- " .
.-,',*. ¦• •-.-¦¦ -"'-ST.: JOSEPH. >'
, ST. JOSEPH, - Mo. 1 ; '¦ Jan; 21.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 400 ;> market steady. . Natives, $3 75@
.; .cows and. heifers. $1 25®5 25; veals, $3. 50 I
@6 2o; etockers and feeders, $2 50> .-.~v -. ¦•
, ! HOGS — Receipts. ---.11,000; market lOMBc I
lower. ... Light and^llght mixed,.- $5 80@6 30
m nd T^£ d i T, heavy ''? 6 15 @ 6 B5 : P»8f»,' $8 B0©5
SHEEP— Receipts, 250™Market steady.
Eastern Livestock Market.
: WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury ..balances In the general fund,"
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of 1 redemption, j shows : * Available cash
balance, $169,425,188; gold, $90,234, 162.
Condition of .the Treasury.
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21, 1902—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
. NEW TORK, Jan. 21.— Close— Money on call
was steady at 3@3% "per cent; closed, bid and
asked, 3@4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4%@5% per cent. Sterling exchange- -was
steady, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 87- for demand and at $4 84i£@4 84% for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85@4 S8. Com
mercial bills. $4 83%@4 83%. Bar silver, 55%c.
Mexican dollars, 44Vic. -Bonds — Governments,
strong; States, inactive; railroads, irregular.
New York Money Market.
Potatoes rule firm In spite of the heavy re
ceipts at the beginning of the week
Onions are firm j and " picked-over lots \ are
bringing $2 .10 from the store. -..
No vegetables - came in from the south,
There was considerable carried-over stock
however, and lots in condition sold-readily
POTATOES — ?1@1 25 ; for Burbanks ¦-. from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@l 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, $125@1 65; Oregon • Garnet
Chiles, $1 40@l 50; River Reds, $1 50@l 60-
Early Rose, for seed, $1 30® 1 40; Sweets. $1 25
for Merced. -
- - ONIONS — Oregons, $1 75®2; Green Onions,
50@65c per box. j ' '
VEGETABLES— Green . Peas ' from ' L06 An
geles, 3@4c; String Beans from Los Angeles.
12V.<g>15c; 'Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl;:Los An
geles Tomatoes, - $1 50@l 75 per box and $2
per crate ;¦ Dried Peppers, >- 10@12 % c per ¦ . lb ;
Los Angeles do, : 16@18c; Dried Okra. 12 £@
15c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers," $1@1 25 per dozen ' for r large and
50@75c for; small;. Garlic, l%if?2%c: Los An
geles Green . Peppers. 20@25c; Egg Plant from
Los : Angeles. 20c: Summer Squash 'from Los
Angeles, I $1 25; j Marrowfat Squash, . $8@10 per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms, nom
inal ¦:• ¦
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canar*!
3Vi@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa; from Utah*
8V>c: Rape, l ] ,4@19ic; Hemp, 3%c per lb. s
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green
$1 25@1 50 .per ctl. . - i *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 60;. Small , White
?3@3 25; Large White, $2 90@3 10; Pea, $3 50
#4: Pink, $2@2 20; Red. $2 50@3; Blackeye
$3 50@3 63; Limas, $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys,"
$3 50©3 75 per ctl. \ ' . • -y .
There is nothing new in Beans or Seeds
worthy of , comment The former continue
quiet, though an occasional car goes out. .
Beans and Seeds.
PORK— Live Hogs, from J50 to 230 lbs, fo
under 150 lbs, > 5%@5%c; sows, 20 per cent
off: boars. 30 per cent off, and stags 40 per
cent off from tha above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7@8%c. - - ¦. . •
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7%@9c; small, 8@10o per lb
MUTTON — Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%®8o
per lb. »
LAMB — Tearlings, 9@9%e per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb. *
Other meata show no changa worthy of note.
Supplies are sufficient for all current demands.
Veal is firm. - Spring Lamb is now coming in.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
Hogs are In airmle supply. » In fact, the
packers say that they are offered moro than
they can use, and any increase in receipts will
result in lower quotations. The feeling la
weak. ,'.;'., .-»*• :"-._¦ ¦--. ¦
San Francisco Meat Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 21.— The wool market here
shows. little change from recent conditions, the
tone being firm, while. the demand is moderate.
There is no weakness 'shown in prices and the
trade, as a rule, is very confident. The large
purchases made during the | fall cut Into the
supply of the most desirable worsted wools,
which are not plentiful . at presents - Fine ter
ritory wools j of good ; staple | quality are scare !
and such command extreme prices when avail- I
able. Good lots of fine territory medium are !
quoted on the scoured basis of 41@44c, with
fine at 46@47c and staple at 46@50c. .
Fleece wools are firm and some houses keep
sold ahead faster than the wools; can be
opened. The trade as a whole quotes the mar
ket firm but quiet. Sales of Ohio washed de
laines, have been made at 28%@29c," with Ohio
fleeces at 26%@27, some fancy lots being held
at 28c- .
The market for Australian wools Is firm,
with offerings moderate.
Boston Wool Market:
NEW TORK, Jan. 21.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices .unchanged to" 2
points lower and closed quiet, net unchanged
to 1 point lower. .. ¦ - . .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. 21. — The ; \ Commercial
Advertiser's London financial ; cablegram -says:
The stock market\was moderately j active,
but the reactionary j tendency was j checked - in
later dealings. - The expectation that the Bank
of England will reduce its , discount rate Is
strengthened by the shipment of $500,000 gold
from it to-day. There .is a profit iri the coin
age of rupees. More is : coming, the . estimates
placing the total at £1,500,000.—
American shares still sag < t with a complete
absence of business. , .
-The undigested stock in America is disliked
over here and the Continent is a steady. Feller.
Copper sold at £48% the ton and Rio Tintos
at 41%.
Loi\don Market.
Iron- was dull here. The European markets
were steady, - but about unchanged. Glasgow
warrants closed at 49s Id and Middlesboro closed
at 43s 10%d. ' Pigiron ' warrants were quoted at
?11@12; No 1 Northern foundry, $16,50@17, 50;
No. 2 Northern foundry. $16@16 75; No. 1
Southern foundry, $16@16 50; No. 1 Southern
foundry soft, ?16@16 50.
. Spelter was . quiet and unchanged here at
$4 35, and at London prices were about un
changed at £16 15s. ,
Copper was steady here at lie for lake, 10%c
for electrolytic and 10%c for casting. The
London market was unchanged to 2s 6d lower,
with spot closing at £48 10s and futures • at
£48 12s 6d.
Lead was unchanged here at $4, but London
was 2s 6d higher at £10 12s 6d.
NEW TORK, Jan. 21.— The local market for
pig' tin was higher in sympathy with a good
advance in London. The spot price here at the
close . was . $24@24 50. The London market
closed at £1 15s to £2 higher prices with spot
at £108 5s and futures at £104 15s. *
New York Metal Market.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The showery weather has kept the Hay
market on the ragged edge for several days,
and a good soaker would probably produce a
decline, as the tone is weak. Quotations show
no change as yet, however.
All. Feedstuff s remain as before quoted.-
BRAN — $18 50©19 50 per ton. .- ; ¦¦ .-
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton. *¦ - ¦- " '.
FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley, $18@18 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at r the mill, $27@28; job
bing, $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $10 50@17 50. .
HAY — Wheat, $S)@12; fancy/ $12 50@13;
Wheat and Oat, $9@12 50; Oat, $8 50011 50;
Barley and Oat. $8@10; Alfalfa. $8<&10; Clover,
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer, $6®S 50; Stock,' $6®
7 50 per ton.'" ¦ ¦ ¦
STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
The steamer Arab takes 58,150 bbls Flours to
Hongkong. .The Oriental demand for Flour
is large. - .•-*.:-.;.,.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 35 for Bakers" ; Washington Bakers", J3@
3 35. _.
MILLSTUFFS^Prlces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to" the trade: Graham?
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Hides are hardly as firm as they have been.
The Eastern markets are off, the tanners here
are well stocked and supplies seem to be.In
creasing. Grubby stock, too. Is affecting the
market.
Tallow continues scarce, firm and In demand.
Wool is about as before. There is hardly
enough stock here to make a market, and
whenever -a chcice lot comes in it sells with
out difficulty. Poor and defective lots, how
ever, are slow.
There is a fair demand for Hops at the quo
tations which have ¦ ruled for some time. The
market shows no especial feature.
A report from : Oregon states that sales of
Hops have been made at 12% c there and mar
ket strong, -with advancing tendency.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; .medium, 10c;. light, 9c;. Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal." 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium, 65®
75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3-for large and $2 50 for medium.
51 75<g2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1- 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and -50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. -
'¦ TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, '5%@6o per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%@»c. r
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquln. 6@8c; San Joa
qutn Lambs',^7%@8%c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do,
fall. 14@15c per lb. -
HOPS — 9@10c'for fair and ll@12o per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for. shipment.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; Bld.A*k.
4s quar coup.lll 113 43 qr c (new)139% —
4s quar reg. .111%112% 3s qr coup. .108%, —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — - — Oceanic 5s..l0H410'H£
Bay CPC 5s.l0$%109% Ombus C 6s.l20% —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4a. 98 10034
C C Wat 5s. — . — Pk&C H 63. 105 107%
Ed L&P 6s. — — PkftO R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119%
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 6a. 95%
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s. — 123
Do 5s 99 89% Sierra Cal 6s —
L Ang R 5s. 119% — S P of Ar 63
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 111%
Do gtd 6s. — — O910) .... 112^4113
Do gtd 5s. 103% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 63/100 — (1905)Sr A.108%108%
Do lem 53.101 103 (1905) Sr B.109& —
Mkt-st C 6s.l25%"l25% (1906) 111
Do lem 5s. 121% 122 0912) 120 121*4
N R Cal 6a.llO% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 121%122 c gntd 5s. 110
N Pac C 5s.lO6i.ilO7% S P BrCal6s.l36«
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V Wat 63.112 —
Oak Gas 5s.ll4 — Do 4s 103-
Oak Trn 6s.l21%122% Do4s 3d m.l01?4102
Do 1st c5s.109%11OVj Stktn Gas 63.102%
Oak W r Ba, — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% 75 I Port Costa.. 63% 68
Mafin Co 5» — JSpring Val.. 84% 85%,
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — 62%
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&RC 20 35
MuTual — 5 S F G & E.. 42% 42%
O G L & H. 51% 52 San Fran 8% —
Pac Gas Imp 35 40% Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.255 275 j
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. T9% 82 |L P & A. ...165 —
California "..416 — (Mer Ex (liq) is*4
Cal Safe Dpll2% — |S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl.. 325 ,350 I *
SAVINGS BANKS.
German . . .1925 2C0O I Sav & Loan. 90
Huxnboldt .. — — (Security Sav305 350
s*F tu Jiv s u!:5m4 - ! Unlon Trust - - 2473
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 170 Market ..... b^k
Geary — ' 60 Presidio ~... 37% -1^
POWDER.
Giant 80 8t iVlgorlt ..... — 454
SUGAR.
Hana 2 3 Kilauea 9% —
Hawaiian ..34 40 Makawell ... 25 25%
Honokaa ... 10 — Onomea .... 23 24^i
Hutchinson . 13% 14 Paauhau 10 11
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l62%lM Pac A F A.. 3% —
Cal Fruit As 97 98% Pac C Bor.,165 —
Cal Wine Aa 96 — Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S Co 36 39 ,
llornins: Session.
Board — ¦
60 Alaska Packers' Assa 163 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co. 13 75
$8000 Los Angeles-Paciflc R R bonds... 100 00
20 3 P Gas and Electric Co. ........ 42 75
05 S V Water 85 25
$2000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 103 00
• • Street—
$7000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
£5 Alaska Packers' Asan ....162 50
80 Giant Powder Con 80 00
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90.... 80 CO
10 Oakland Gas, b 5. 53 00
$1000 Oakland Water 5s. 102 50 •
$100O Park and Cliff House 6s 105 00
10O S F Gas and Electric Co. s 9O. .. 42 3714
$4000 S P Branch Ry 6s ,137 00
Street—
50 Hutchinson S P Co. s 90 13 50
$4000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds. .100 00
$2000 S F and S J V bonds 123 00
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board — '
100 Junction ja
6000 'Petroleum Center •.-.. * 06
9000 Petroleum Center, b 90. . . -.""""" or
300 Shamrock ••••... v.
1000 Superior /. "•""" >s *
200Toltec.V V.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 30
Afternoon Session."
Board —
1O0O Independence ..... OS
200 Oil City Petroleum ' " '.".'. '. "'. '¦ " 21
7000 Petroleum Center, b 90.'. . . . ; 07
STOCK AND BONT> EXCHANGE,
TUESDAT, Jan. 21 — 2:30 p. m.
NEW TORK, : Jan. 21.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications 'to Bradstreet's
show the followingxhanges- in available stocks
from the last account : '
WHEAT — United. States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 357,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increased- 1,300,000 bushels;
total supply, increased 943,000 bushels.
CORN — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increased 401,000 bushels. ">
OATS-^United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 442,000 bushels. : •
Visible Grain Slip ply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ' March. ; May.
Opening ...." ..'....,.... 6 1% 6 2Vi
Closing .: 6 2 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat—— . Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening;....... y.^1 85 22 85 .
;<..... ..,.~r«-,21 80 . . 22 SO
* Flour — -.-*.**¦• -¦»-~- T -y^~---^-->^'- ¦ ' '- .-.-¦• - -
Opening ........;.......... 27 70 • 28 70
Closing ..:;.;.-.;.¦;.. ..y...: 27 95 : 28 60
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close)
AtchSson 23,000 75% 74% 75%
Atchison pfd 8,000 96% 96 - 96%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,000 102ft 101% 102
Bait & Ohio pfd...^ 500 96% v 96 06
Canadian Pacific .... 114%
Canada Southern .... gsi-
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1,900 46 Vi 45% 46
Chicago & Alton.. 700 34% 33% 34
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 300 -76% 76 75%
Chgo, Ind & Louis. 2,600* 52% "51% 51%
Chgo, Ind & L pfd .... 75%
Chgo & Eastern 111 2,000 136 134% 135}'-
Chgo & Great West 500 22% 22% 22W
Chgo & G W A pfd • .... 83%
Chgo & G W B pfd 200 44% 44 43
Chgo & Nwstrn 2,000 212% 210 211
Chgo. R I & Pac. . 800 156% 155% 155%
Chgo Term & Tran i<}%.
Chgo Term & T pfd ..... .... .... 32
C. C, C & St Louis. 200 96% 96% 98
Colorado Southern. 1,500 14% 14% 14%
Colo So 1st pfd 1,200 61% .60% 60^
Colo. So 2d pfd.... 500 29% 28% 2M
Del & Hudson 1731J
Del, Lack & Wstn. 2,500 271 263% 2G9%
Denver & R G 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 700 91 ¦ 90U 90M.
Erie 10.500 39% 39% 39S
Erie 1st pfd....... 6,500 71% 70% 70%
Erie 2d pfd 1,300 5C% 56 56
Great Northern pfd. 2,100 185% 184% 185%
Hocking Valley.... 500 68% 67% 68%
Hocking Val pfd... 100 82% 82% 82%
Illinois Central 700 13S% 138 Va. 138 2
Iowa Central.. .... . 33
Iowa Central pfd . . " 72
lake Efle & West^ .... . " C5
Lake Erie & W pfd . .... 125
Louisville & Nash. . . 1.900 104% 104% 104%
Manhattan Elev 7.700 l.'{6%' 135 13s2
Metropolitan St Ry 31,200 167% 167% 167%
Mexican Central... 7,800 29% 28-' 28%
Mexican National.. 18,900 15% 15% 15%
Minn & St Louis... 100 106% 106% 105U
Missouri Pacific... 500 100>4 99% 100U
Mo, Kans & Texas. 100 29% 24%? 25
Mo. Kan« & T pH. '400 52% 62 5216
N*w Jersey Cent. . 188
New York Central. 600 161% 160% 161
Norfolk & Western 1,700 56 55% 55V,
Norfolk & W pfd.. 100 91% 91% so
Ontario & Western. 1,300 33% 33^4 33 V.
Pennsylvania ..... 8O0 148% 148% 148%
Reading ....13,500 56% 55% 56'A
Reading 1st pfd.... 2,300 81% 81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd.... 1,20ft 63 62% 62%
St Louia & S F...-. 2,00a 62% 01% -01%
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 84% ' 84% f^
St L & S F 2d pM 100 -, 75$ " 74% 7414
St Louis S W ,100 26% 26% 26%
St L S W pfd...... 1,000 59% 58% 69
St Paul ...17,700 162% 161% 1C2%
StPaulpfd... .... .... 18Q
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— To-day's stock mar
ket had the same appearance of indigestion
and somnolence which has pervaded it of late.
The movement of prices was exceedingly ' slug-'
glsh and narrow and the volume of dealings
tell funher away. The net changes are email
and mixed. To understand the character of
the market comparison with previous, condi
tions will be helpful. This time last year was
a period of constantly developing projects for
combinations and centralization of control on
a scale never before witnessed. Th*re
was a progressive advance from month
tc month in the volume of the trade balance
in favor of this country. The operation of
the currency and refunding laws was rapidly
e xpandirg the country's circulation and i pro
viding the requisite financial facilities for the
vast loan expansion in connection with ; the
great projects in hand. At present the stock
market misses these stimulating influences.
While there Is nothing positively unfavorable
in the outlook there is a surfeited feeling from
the undigested mass of last year's great pro
jects. The country's foreign trade balance,
although still in our favor, shows progressive
decline from month to month, compared with
the corresponding months of last year. " The
i.atinnal banks, instead of putting out addi
tional note issues, are retiring their circula
tion up to the monthly limit allowed by the
law, and applications are already on file for
withdrawal of circulation sufficient to ex
haust the legal limit into March. Talk of
new combinations is heard, but only with
skepticism and distrust. There is a latent fear
that such combinations may be for hostile
purposes rather than for mutual benefit. Ru
mors have circulated for a few days that all
the great banks and trust companies in New
York, and even the insurance companies, are
crystallizing into two groups along the lines
of cleavage that developed in the financial bat
tle of last May. It is such general considera
tions as these that must be looked to to gain
light on the present stock market. There was
a show of strength In Sugar and Metropolitan,
but the gains were subsequently wiped out.
Glucose continued its recent advance to the
amount of a point, but afterward fell % be
low last night. There was an active demand
for Mexican Central at an advance of 1%,
accompanied by reports of a new bond • issue
and the acquisition of additional lines. Na
tional Salt, after a long period of inactivity,
was offered down over 11 points below the last
sale and then rallied 5. The preferred lost 4
No explanation was offered beyond the ob
struction to the plan of reorganization.
American Tobacco was stricken from the ex
change list, owing to the Insignificant amount
of the stock outstanding and the facility thus
offered for manipulation and the possible
working of .a corner. The market showed
come recovery and closed Irregular. '¦
Consolidated Tobacco 4s continued to make
up the largest part of the bond market and
were reactionary. Total Eales, par value. $3,
730,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. J
New York Stock Market.
Alaska Packers sold off to $163 on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, and Gas
and Electric was a shade firmer at $42 75. Oth
erwise there was nothing new. The oil stocks
were cuiet.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was weaker
at $80 and Alaska Packers at $162 50.
The usual 3 per cent quarterly dividend of
the Fireman's Fond Insurance Company is
now payable.
Home Oil -was ex-<l!vldend of 7%c yesterday.
The Brown Fox Oil Company has levied as
assessment of 1-19 of lc per share, delinquent
February 15. The assessment of 3%c on Pied
mont Oil becomes delinquent on the exchange
February 14.
The report of the Union OH Company for the>
six months ending December 31 shows earn
ings of $23+,581. of which $70,721 was paid out
by dividend. Another quarterly dividend of
$70,722 was paid January 15, 1902, leaving a
balance of $03,138, which has been Invested la
plant.
Chicago was firm again. That market ha*
been very erratic o! late, going up one day and
down the next. Commission houses were the
best tellers of Lard and Pork.
The San Francisco market continues neg
lected-and unchanged. ¦¦'.¦¦
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medluza, 13%c tor light.
14%c for extra, light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern- sugar-cured Hams, 13c r California
Hams. 11%<8>12%c; Mess Beef. $10$10 50 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12#
12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
$22 &0@23; Mess. $18 50019; Smoked Beef,
K>%@14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%o per lb for
compound and ll%o for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll«ic: 10-lb tins, 12%e; 6-lb tins. 12%c:
3-lb tins. 12%c.
COTTOLENE^ — One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%5 per lb.
Provisions.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was steady; creameries, 15@23%c;
lalries, 14@20c. Cheese, steady, 10%@10«4c
2ggs, cteady; fresh, 23® 24 c.
Flour, qr sks... 25.33S Straw, tons ... 10
Wheat, ctls ... 71,056 Flaxseed, sks .. 37
Barley, ctls ... 11.1 Hops, bales ... 4t
Oats, ctls 325 Wine, gals .... 04,240
Corn, ctls ..... - 20 Lime, bbls .... 182
Beana. sks .... 973 Hides. No 216
Potatoes, sks... 3,941 Pelts, bdls .... 421
Onions, sks ... 173 Sugar, ctls .... 4,152
Bran, sks £30 Tallow, ctls ... 253
Middlings, sks. 187 Chicory, bbls .. 50
Hay, tons 317
OREGON.
"Wool, bales ... 2 ,
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY ZL
Receipts of Produce.
"LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cool, dry
¦weather, with ocasional frost, without dam
age, was followed Saturday night and Sun
day morning by rain too light to be of much
benefit In valleys, but quite heavy in mount
ains."
"EUREKA SUMMARY. — Comparatively
little rain has fallen since January 1. Grain
and pasturage are doing well. Plowing, seed
ing and pruning are progressing. But little
snow In the mountains.
"SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
has been partly cloudy and foggy along the
coast, and generally warm and clear In the
interior. Heavy frosts have occurred in some
sections. The rainfall on Sunday -will be of
great benefit to all crops, and in some places
will enable farmers to resume plowing and
seeding; if followed by . more rain soon there
¦will be a fair crop of grain. Irrigation water
Is still plentiful in most places, and is being
freely used. Sugar beet planting has com
menced at Santa Maria. Pasturage has be
come very scarce, but will be revived -by the
rain. Orange ' shipments continue. Late
frosts have severely damaged oranges in some
sections..
"COAST AND BAY SECTIONS. — Rain at
the close cf the week extended through all
sections, greatly benefiting grain and feed,
particularly In the southern coast counties,
where farmers will now resume plowing and
eeeding. In the central and northern districts
grain is in very good condition, though mak
ing clow growth. In the southern counties
some injury has resulted from the long con
tinued dry -weather, especially in the districts
¦where fogs have not prevailed; prospects for
crops have undoubtedly been much improved
by the rain, and green feed -will become more
plentiful. Orchards and vineyards continue
in good condition, and prospects are excel
lent for a heavy yield of fruit.
"SAN JOAQCIN VALLEY. — The weather
has continued cold, cloudy and fog^y during
the -week, with frequent frosts. Light showers
fell In portions of the valley Saturday night
and Sunday, benefiting grain and pasturage
to some extent. Grain is in fair condition ex
cept in the southern districts, but is making
slow growth owing to cold weather. Green
feed is plentiful in most sections, and stock
are In good condition. Plowing and seeding
continue. There is some prospect that the
grain acreage will be less than last season's
and the yield unsatisfactory. Orchards and
vineyards are in excellent condition and
fruit proepwrts are good.
"The continued cool -weather has been very
beneficial to deciduous fruit trees, and it is
thought they are now comparatively safe
from late spring frosts. Orchards and vine
yards are In excellent condition In all sec
tions. Irrigation water is being freely used
In the southern districts. Oranges have been
considerably Injured by late frosts in South
ern California.
"SACRAMENTO VALLEY. — Favorable
weather conditions have prevailed during the
week, with light rain at the close, and crop
prospects are very good. Grain has made
slow but healthy growth, and. is in excellent
condition. Rain was beneficial to grain, pas
turage and orchards, though not really needed
at present, as the soil had sufficient moisture.
There Trtll be a full crop of -wheat and barley
12 conditions continue favorable. Green feed
Is plentiful, and stock doing well. Work in
orchards and vineyards is progressing. Fruit
prospects are excellent. Almond buds are
swelling.
"Conditions have been somewhat more
favorable for crops than during the preced
ing week, though rather cool for the growth
of grain and feed. Fogs have prevailed along
the coast, severe frosts have occurred in por
tions of the interior, and rain has fallen in
nearly all sections, the heaviest precipitatin
having been in Southern California and .the
southern coast counties.
"Grain has made slow but healthy growth in
all sections north of the Tehachapi, and is in
very good condition, especially in the Sacra
mento Valley, where prospects for a heavy
crop are most excellent. In the southern dis
tricts grain has commenced to show the ef
fect of the drought, but prospects are now
considerably better and fair crops are ex
pected in most places. The northern part of
the San Joaquln Valley is in much better con
dition than the central and southern portions,
and heavy crops are expected. Green feed
continues plentiful in all sections except the
couth. Sugar beet planting In the vicinity
of Santa Maria has commenced much earlier
than usual. Plowing and seeding are pro
gressing in 6oxne sections.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, sec
tion director of the climate and crop service
of the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The WeatJier and Crops.
Shipment of Silver.
The Gaelic took oCt a treasure list of $157,
647, consisting of $3547 in Mexican dollars and
$154,000 to silver bullion. ,
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un.
settled weather Wednesday, clearing during the
day; fresh southerly winds, changing to west
erly. ..-Y.V ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday, probably showers; fresh
westerly winds, changing to southerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, fresh southwest
winds.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday, with showers in central
and southern portion: northerly winds iji north
ern portion; fresh southerly winds In sputhern
portion.
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
of Washington and Oregon. It has fallen
rapidly over Utah and Arizona. Light rain
Is falling over Northern and Central California.
No rain has yet fallen in Southern California,
but conditions are more favorable for rain
than at any time since Sunday.
The temperatures throughout California are
about normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco ( for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 22. 1902:
FORECAST.
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 16.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
@4%c; . 60-70's, 8%@4%c; 70-80*8. 3%@3%c;
80-90's. 2%@3%c; 90-100*s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown, 5%c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 6%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached Sultanas^ — Fancy,
8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 6%c;
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice. 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, 6%c; do. In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice. 6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 11® 12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 8@8%e; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c: Almonds. l0%@12c for paper
shell. 9® 10c for softshell and 6®7o for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil. Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts 12S12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts; $3 50®5.
HONEY — Comb. 12®13c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted.
536c; light amber extracted, 4g5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% ©29c per lb.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@S%c for Royals and 8
@13o for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, >%@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums-,
pitted, 4@5%c; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines. C©
6%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 60@73c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40*3, 6@6%c; 40-50*3, 4%@5%c; 60-60*s. 4%
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal- Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. -
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctK
81%c. •. ' . • .
Afternoon Session — May— 2000 ctls, 81 %c:
4000, 81%c; 6CC0, 81c; 4000, 81 %c; 6000. 81%c
OATS — It la reported -that the Government
has accepted bids for 2000 tons at Portland and
2000 at Taeoma, and will shortly ask for re
newed bids in this market. Otherwise there Is
nothing new. % Holders continue very firm, and
give no concessions." " Provision men -were sell
ers of Oat? at -Chicago yesterday.
Grays. $1 2US1 27%; whites, $1 2001 40;
Surprise, $1 40@l 42%; black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and ?1 2O5?l 30 for seed; red, $1 25@1 33
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for seed.
r CORN — Chicago, which has been on the down
grade for some days, suddenly turned around
yesterday and advanced %c, with an increased
demand, hard to satisfy. Broomhall cabled
that- the rains in the Argentine were Insuf
ficient for the Corn crop.
This market continued quiet and unchanged,
with slowly increasing offerings.
Large yellow. $1 37%<21 42%; small round
do. $1 50-S1 55; white. $T 35@1 45 per ctl.
RYE — Firm at $5@90c per ctl. with a good
demand reported at the improved prices.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Afternoon Ses3ion — May— 10,000 ctls $1 08%:
2000^ $1 09%; 20,000. $109; December— 4000.
- BARLEY — There Is very little feature to this
market. Quotations range about the same, day
after day. Thus far the rain has not affected
spot prices. Offerings are very light here,
and so is the demand.
Futures were active and weak on the after
noon call. ¦ . .
Feed. 83%@«5c for choice bright, 81%®82%c
for No. 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
chipping grades, 87%®90c; Chevalier, 83c©$l
per ctl. .
5 Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — Hay — 24 000
ctls, $1 09. • ¦
Second Session — 1000 ctls, $1 09%. .
Regular Morning Session — May — 8000 ctls,
$109%; 6000. $109%. " - , .
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet on the spot
at about ' 28s 9d, • usual options. .
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a reg
istered; tonnage of 38,279, against 43,000 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 16,600
tons, • against 4473; on the way to this port,
185,250 tons, against 105,317.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were lower and
the • - foreign • markets were generally easy.
Bradstreet's estimated the world's stocks as
follows: East of the Rockies, a decrease of
S57.0C0 bushels; Europe and afloat, an increase
of 1,300,000; total Increase, 943,000 bushels.
Chicago . showed little net change for the
day. .The market opened a shade lower, with
fair commission buying, the demand being
chiefly to fill shorts. The early buyers sold
out. Armour and Logan leading.' Earlier In
the day Armour had bought 500,000 bushels.
Every broker seemed to have selling orders at
the opening and Armour and Cudahy were
heavy sellers at the close. New York was
dull, though Wall street bought liberally at
Chicago. St. Louis was a heavy seller. The
snow in the winter wheat belt was of great
benefit and extended from the Rockies to Ohio.
This market showed no further change
worthy of note.
- Spot .Wheat— Shipping. $1 07%@l 08%; mill
ing, $1 10@l 12% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
LAMB — Roast. 12%<gl5c; Chops, 12%@lSc
PORK— Roast. 12%«?15c; Chops. 15c
The San Francisco Retail Butchers* Pro
tective Association rives the following retail
prices for meats:
BEES" — Roast, 10@lSc per lb; Tenderloin
Steak, 15ffl"%c: Porterhouse Steak. 17%©20c;
Round Steak, 10@12%c; Stew Beef. 8@10c;
Corned Beef. S@10c.
VEAL— Roast, 10@15c: Cutlets. 15@lSc
MUTTON — Roast. 10@12%c; Chops. 10®
12%c: Stew. 8c
Retail Prices for Meat
Sterling Exchange, sight....... — 4 88
Sterling. Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight. .... — » • 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — . 15 ¦
Silver, per ounce — : 65%
Mexican Dollars, . nominal 45 @ 45%
jg Exchange and silver remain about aa before.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... ' — . $4 85
Exchange and Bullion.
, The market Is dull and featureless. Or
anges and Apples are plentiful and moving
slowly. Five or six cars of Oranges will be
offered at to-day's auction. There Is nothing
new in Lemons and Limes. .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 60@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25QC0C for or
dinary.
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c®$2 60 p«r box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c®$l 25
for standards, $1 £0@l 75 for choice and $2{?
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines
$1@2; Lemons, 60c@$l for common and $1@2
for good to choice and $2 25@2 60 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. $1@2; Mexican Limes. $5@5 50;
Bananas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1@1 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$3@4 per dozen.
While the demand for Fruit is not as brisk
as it was in December It Is nevertheless very
fair and prices are as firm as they hava been
at any time. Stocks are considerably re
duced. There is also a fair demand for Nuts,
but Honey Is rather quiet. Tha situation In
Raisins Is not yet cleared up.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CLOSING:
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
236,000 centals. Including 114,000 centals Amer
ican.
-LIVERPOOL. Jan. 21.— Wheat, quiet; wheat
In Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; 'weather
In Eneland," overcast. ¦
COTTON— Uplands, ; 4 17-32d.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— Consols. 94 8-16; sSver,
25s 9-16d; French rentes, lOOf 25c; wheat car
goes on passage, rather easier; • cargoes No. 1
Standard California,' 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s; English country i markets, quiet and
steady. ¦
Foreign Markets.
;*— — — - — ___ _ — — *'
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— The news." of general
precipitation yesterda^ • over the winter wheat
country tet: prices down from yesterday's close
at the. opening .to-day. The foreign markets
were nearly all lower,- though not to such a
degree/as characterized local pits yesterday.
A- good deal of wheat was .forsale early.
Shorts- were ¦ numerous and covered . freely. 1
Longs who began -to '-unload early 'were soon
bailed' out and the stop-loss orders that de
pressed prices -still ' further - ceased slightly
after the opening. May started • a shade . to
Va@%c lower at 79%@78%c and sold down to
7S%c. ; There were reports of damage to Rus
sian crops from frosts, and when the opinion
began to be. voiced among traders that this dip
was : the culmination of .the liquidation prices
rallied. : i Several heavy professional shorts cov
ered ¦ openly and j influenced followers. - ¦ A ¦ com
mission house demand 'Sprang up and May: ad
yanceato 79 %c. There was another slight dip
on profit-taking, ¦ but buying set in again and
I Hay went; tc 79% c, closing firm, %c up at 79%
; @79%c. •¦-•••. .- •,-;.,-... .... ¦ .. : . ¦ . . .
,• Though English' cables 'In:- corn were lower,'
following yesterday" s „ Chicago decline, corn
opened with' a.fair ; show of . strength. Wet
weather' and improved i cash ' demand caused a
strong ;¦ feeling. and -prices were boosted. May
closed ..with- a gain of%@%o at.64%c. ••
T Oats were rather •„•" Independent of other
grains= and- were , stroDg 'May
closed firm;-. %@%c up, at ' 40%(S)4tt%c. ' . . : >
¦ Provisions > were inclined toward weakness
through the whole session on liberal hog . re
ceipts. ; .' May pork -closed 12%c lower, lard 5c
lower. and. ribs-- unchanged.^ f
, .Tha leading: futures ranged as follows 'J
r: Articles— - Open. High. Low." Close.
• Wheat ; No.'. 2—
January, ....... .... . . ...... 76%
.May -79% 79% 78% - 79%
July.:......... 78% 79% 78% 79%
J Corn No. 2 — f . v •; ¦
January :.....; ' . .'..,.... .... 61
May....' .... .63%' 64% 63% 64%
July .;..... ; 63% -64% 63% ' 64%
- Oata . No. 2— . • - - • - .
May . . . . :-. .". .'-. .- 45% - 46% 45% 46%
July ....... "40% 40% 39%. 40%
September 33%/ 33% 33%-: 33%
" Mess Pork, per bbl — ¦
January ... 16 42% 16 45 16 42% 16 45 '
May ........16 80 16 92% 16 77% 16 82%
July .16 SO 16 90 16 80 16 80
Lard, per 100 lbs — , ¦¦-;.'¦
January .V. 9 42%
May..... ..9 60 9 65 " 9 57% 9 60
July ............ 9 65 9 72% 9 65- 9 70
. Short Ribs, per 100 'lbs— -
January .'...... ....- - .... " ;... 8 37%
May 8 57% 8 62% 8 57% 8 62%
' • ! Cash ! quotations were as follows : Flour,
barely, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 73%@74%c;
No. 2 red, S4%c; No. 2 oats. 46c; No. 2 white,
-47%c; No. 3 white, 46%@47%c; No. 2 rye
61?ic; fair to choice malting barley, ; 60@63%c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 66; No. > 1- Northwestern,
$1 69@1 70; prime timothy seed, $6 45; mess
pork, per bbl, $16 50@16 55; lard.. per 100 lbs,
$9 30@0.42%: short ribs sides (loose). $8 S0@
8 45; dry. salted shoulders (boxed), -7%®7%c;
short clear sides (boxed); $8 75@8 85; whisky,
basis of hich: wines, $1 S2; clover, contract:
grade, $9 70@9 75. ) -. • \ . ¦ .- . ;
Articles — .• : - . Receipts. Shipments..
Flour, barrels ...... i.r..- 27, 000 21,000
Wheat, bushels .........132,000 47,000 .
Corn, bushels ...........149,000 116,000
Oats, bushels ............231.000 270,000
Rye, bushels 20,000
Barley, bushels 84,000 36.000
Shipment of $157,547 in specie to China.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat weaker at Chicago and easy here.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay weak under moist weather and free .receipts.
Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds dull at unchanged prices.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Butter easier under increasing supplies.
Clieese and Eggs continue to point downward.
Dried Fruits as firm as ever. Nuts steady and Honey quiet
Raisin situation not yet cleared up.
Provisions unsettled at Chicago and. neglected hei'e.
Wool, Hops and Hides about as before.
Hogs "weakening under ample receipts.
Beef, Mutton and Veal show little change.
Poultry and Game weak and the former lower.
Nothing new in Fruits. '.¦;:[
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Large shipment of Flour to Chipa.
Butter shows weakness, receipts being larger
and the soft, rainy weather working In favor,
of an increased output. The tendency now la
to ehade the quotations to sell. Stocks on
the floors are reported larger.
Cheese is easy at the recent decline, with
liberal offerings. . ¦¦> '"¦afc* 1 **
¦ Eggs are very weak. The Exchange reduced
its quotations - to 18@10o for gathered and 19
@20c for ranch. Stocks are larger and receipts
are increasing. Almost every dealer Is over
loaded and willing to make concessions to sell.
Receipts were 25,800 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter. S81- cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 3500 pounds of
California Cheese, 2010 pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for
fancy. 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconda;
dairy. 17%@22c; store Butter, 14@16c per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18®19c; Keg.
16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@ll%c; old. 10@10%c;
Young America, 12@13c; Eastern. 13@15c per
pound.
EGGS — Ranch 21©22c for selected large and
20c for good to choice; store. 18@19c per
dozen; cold storage are about cleaned up.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Jan. 211— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 64c; club, 63c. '
PORTLAND, Jan. 21.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 63@64c: valley, 63@«4c.
- Cleared — British ship Scottish Minstrel, with
86,166 bushels wheat. v ,
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
Shares Sold .414,900 \
NEW YORK BOND3.'
U S ref 2s reg..lO8% L & Nash unif 4s.l01%
U S ref 2s coup.. 108% Mexican Cen 4s.. 82%''
U S 3s reg.. 108 , Do 1st inc 32-
U S 3s coup 10S% Minn & St L 4s.mi%
U S new 4s reg.l3S% M K & T 4s..... 98%
U S new 4s, coup.140 ¦ Do 2ds . ...82%
U S old 4s res... 111% N Y Central lsts.102%
U S old 4s coup.. 111% Do gen 3%s 109%
U S 5s reg 10(5 N J Cen een' 5S..135
U S 5s coup.....l07i4 Northern Pac 4s.l04%
Atchison gen 4s. 103% Do 3s ....74%
Do adjust 4s... 92% Norf & \V con 4s. 102%
Bait & Ohio 4S...1QSV4 Reading gen 4s... 9S%
Do 3%s 95% St L & I M en 5s.llS
Do conv 4s 104% St L & S F 4s... 9G%
Canada South 2dslO9% St L S W lsts.'. !)<J '
Central of Ga 5s.lO9i/. Do 2ds ... 7S%
Do 1st Inc .76 3 A & A Pass 4s. 88%
Chesa & Ohio 4%slO6% Southern Pac 4s.. 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84»4 Southern Ry 5s.:119%
C B & Q new 4s. 95% Texas & Pac lsts.119%^
C M & St P gn 4sll2% Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
C & N W con 7s. 140 Union PaciHc 4s.lO4vS
C R I & P 4s... 107% Do conv 4s.V..'.105%
C C C&St L gn 4s.lO3i4 Wabash lsts . ...U8%
Chi Terminal 4s. 89 Do 2ds -... .....114%
Colo & South 4s. 92% Do deb.B .... 68
Denver & R G 4s.lO2 "West Shore 4s. . .112Vi
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% W & L Erie 4s.. 92%
Do een 4s ..... 88% Wlscon Cen 4s... 88
Ft W & D C lst.107% Cons Tob 4s..... 68%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO7%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .... 20 Little Chief 10
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
Breece ... 65 Ophir SO
Brunswick Con.. 08 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tun... • 05% Pctosl ......... 14
C C & Va 1 25 Savage ... .... 04
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada .. 18
Horn Silver ...1 50 Small Hopes ... 38
Iron Silver 60 Standard ... ...3 40
Leadville Con . . 05 ' ' .,
BOSTON . STOCKS AND BONDS. \
Money — United Fruit ... 86%
Call loans 4@5 Mining —
Time loans 455 Adventure 19
Bonds— . Allouez 2%
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated .... 69%
Gas lsts 83 Baltic 34
N E Gas & Coke. 57% Bingham ... ... 21
Railroads — Cal »& Hecla 580
Atchison ... 75 Centennial 11%
Do pfd 96 Copper Range ... 03
Boston & Albany.263 Dominion Coal .. 5SV1
Boston & Maine.192% Franklin 11%
Boston Elevated.. 167 Isle .Rorale .21 -
N Y N H & H..210 Mohawk 29%
Fitchburg pfd.... 144 Old Dominion .:. 22
Union Pacific ...100%Osceola ...-..:. ..-80%
Mexican Central.. 23 Parrot 2S%
Miscellaneous — - Quincy ... '. 133
American Sugar .122%! Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Amer Tel & Tel. 157% Tamarack 247. !
Dom Iron & Steel. 27% Trimountaln 51 iA
Mass Electric ... 33% Trinity ... 14%
Do pfd 92 United States . . . 13%
N E Gas 4 Coke. 5 Utah ... ...i...22%
U S Steel 42% Victoria 4%
Do pfd 94% Wolverine 44%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. ,
Con for money... 91%! N Y Central 165%
Con for account.94 3-16 Norf &' Western. 56%
Anaconda ...... 6% Do pfd 93
Atchison ... .'..'. 1 77 Northern Pac pfdlO2
Do n'fd 99 Ontario & West. 34%
Bait & Ohio 101% Pennsylvania .... 76
Canadian Pac 117% Reading ... 28%
Cfcesap & Ohio.. 47% Do 1st pfd 41%
Chi Great W 23 Do 2d pfd 31%
Chi M & St P...16«5% Southern Railway 33
Denver & Rio G. 43% Do pfd 95
Do pfd '. 93% Southern Pac 59%
Erio ... 40% Union Pacific ¦'.. .102 T4
Do 1st pfd 7."% Do- pfd... 90%
Do 2d pfd 58 U S Steel 43%
Illinois Central... 142 * Do pfd ........ 9G«;
L & N 107 Wabash ... .... 22%'
M K & T. .. 25% Do nfd ....42%
Do pfd 53 Spanish 4s 77%
Ear silver, steady, 25-9-16d ¦ per ounce.
Money, 1%@2 per cent. The rate of discount
in the open market for short bills is 2% : per
cent. The rate of discount in the open market
for three months' bills is 2% percent. .
Southern Pacific. . 21,800 69% . 58% 69 .
Southern Railway. 4,300 . 82% 32% . v 32 '
Southern Rv pfd.. : 1,700 93 92% 02%
Texas & Paciflc.... ; ..... .... .... 88
Toledo, St L & W. 200 19 18% 18%
Tol, fit L & W pfd 100 35% 35% S8%
Union Pac 30,200 100% 09% 100%
Union Pac pfd 2.800 88% 88 SS%
Wabash 4,200 22Vi 22 22%
Wabash pfd ...... 4,700 41% 41% 41%
W & L E .. " .. 17%
W & L E 2d pfd... 200 29 - 29 28U
Wis Cent 600 20 . 19% 19%
Wis Cent pfd..... 600 40% 40 .40
Express Companies — - ¦
Adams ......'.... .. 195
American ....'....'. ..'... " .. .. 212
United States ..... '..- .. 100
Wells Fargo ..' ..185 :
Miscellaneous — . : ¦ . ¦
Amal Copper 18,600 69% 6S% C9.
Amer Car & F. ... .. 29
Amer Car & F pfd 200 80& "'86^4 86./
Amer Linseed Oil.. ..... :¦'.'; .. 15
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. .. -..42
Amer Locomotive.. • 2,900 31% 30% ; 31
Amer Loco pfd COO 91% 91% 91%
Amer S & R 18,100- 47% 46% 4G%
Amer S & R pfd... ..... i. .. • 86%
Anaconda M Co... 400 81 30% 30Vi
Brooklyn R T 6,400 65% C5 C5Vi
Colo'.Fuel & Iron.. 1.200 80 £5% 85%
Consolidated Gas.. 1,100.210 216 < 217
Cont Tobacco pfd. „. 1,000 118% 117 118
General Electric .. ..-;.. 279%
Glucose Sugar .... 6,900 61% 48% 49^
Hocking Coal .: -•".. ..' 14%
International Paper 200 .'20 19% 19%
Int Paper pfd..... 500 75% '75 75
Internat Power ... .. .87
Laclede Gas .. ..• 92
National Biscuit .. 200 '44% 44% 44%
National Lead ... ..- .. 15%
National Salt 200 25 20 . 25 .
National Salt pfd.. 800. 68 ' 63 ..63
North American ¦ » 88 •"-
Pacific Coast:..... .. .. .72-
Pacific Mail • , . 400 47% . : 47 ¦ : - 47 --
People's Gas ..„.. 1,300 89% 98%'_;99%"
Pressed Steel Car. . 400 40 - 39%,\3y%
Press Steel Car pfd 200 83% S3%v-83 ,
Pullman Pal Car ¦ ....'218
Republic Steel . . . . 800 16% 16% - 10%:
Rep Steel pfd...... 100 ¦¦68% 6S% - ; -68%,
Sugar ....10,800 122% 120%" 122% i
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 100 62% 62% • C2%
Union B & P Co .. .. : 13 ;
U B & P Co pfd .. ..* 72
U S Leather 3,700 11% 11% -H'A
U S Leather pfd.. 5,100 81% 79% '80%
U S Rubber : 100 14% 14% "14-
U S Rubber pfd -80%
U S Steel 10.400 42% 42% ' 42%
U S Steel pfd 7,100 I 94% 94% ' 94%
Western Union ... 500 91 90% 90%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
..SPOKANE, Jan. 21.— Clearings, $23,578; bal
ances, ' $23,682. ; "
TACOMA, Jan. 21.— Clearings, $190,984] bal
ances, • $48,374. - • -
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 21.— Clearings, $432,
488; balances, $35,544.
SEATTLE. Jan. 21.-knearings, $490,813 j bal
ances,' $94,726.
Northern Business.
steady at a net advance of 6 to 10 points.' To
tal sales, 29,750 bags. Including: January. 5.70c;
March, 0.75@S.80c;i -May.- 5.90@6.00c: ;June,
6.05c; July, . 0.10c; •¦ September, 6.30c; October,
6.35@6.40c; November C.40c; December, 6.50c
DRIED FRUITS
EVAPORATED APPLES-^-Businesa in evap
orated •¦ apples "was quiet and the market was
without new features of interest. ' State, com
mon to good. "7@8%c; prime,; 0@9%c; choice,
9%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc. •
.California I dried fruits are in light demand,
but steadily held -
prunes— 3%@6%c ' mMsmSSSB*
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark. 9%@
PE-A-CHES^-Peeled, 15@18c; unpeeled, 7%@
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14015c for
Hens; Getse. per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2<g>2 25; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $6@7 ¦ for
yoiir.g; Hens. $4®4 50; young- Boosters. »4®5;
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; broil
ers, $3 50@4 for .large and $2 60®3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and ?- 00®
2 75 for Squabs. ! - „ .. „_
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1: Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, S3; Canvasback, $3@4; Sprig. $1 7j
@2; Teal. $1 25; Widgeon, $1@1 25; Small
Ducks. $1@1 25; Black Jack, $1 25; English
Snipe, $2 50: Jatfk Snipe. $1 60; G««r G «se,
$3; White Geese. $1 25®1 50; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 SO.
Natal and slips unchanged to 5 per cent dearer.
There I were \ a few lots withdrawn. '¦'
Blocks. "Seabright," 6%c; Tablets. 6%o; Mid
dies, 6%@7%c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 8c;
2-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 7@8c; Desiccated,'
per "dozen. 73c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each. $7f
Pickled Cod, naif-barrels, each, ?¦*. b>»
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13Va@14c nominal for,
strictly prime to fancy washed: 11%@12%o
nominal for prime- washed: 10Vj@llc nominal
for good washed; 10%@12%c for good to prim*
washed peaberry; 9%@10%c for fair to prime
peabcrry; 10@llc for good to prime; 8%(§*>}4o
for fair; 6@7V-c for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12*%@13c nominal for strictly
prime washed: 10%@12c nominal for good to
prime washed; 9®10c nominal for fair washed:
10%@ll%c nominal for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@10%e nominal for good to prim*
semi-washed; 9%@0%c nominal for superior
unwashed; O^c for good green unwashed: 9®
9%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry}
6@7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12:315c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; »%@llo nominal I for fair to
strictly good washed; S^ig^c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9@9#c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12Vi@15%e for
prime to fancy washed; ll@ll%c for strictly
Kood washed: 10%@10%c for good -washed; 9%
@10c for fair washed: 8@9c for medium; 6&
7%c for Inferior to ordinary: 10&@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry, 9%@10c nominal
for good to .prime unwashed peaberry: 9<®9?4a
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 29<aC2c; extra
heavy, 30@40c per lb; medium/ 27@29c; light,
24@26c; Rough Leather, 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, S5@39c for No. 1 and 30tf?33o
for No. 2: medium. 30@37c; light. 29®05c;
Skirting. No. 1, 40@42c; No. 2, 38@3Sc: Col
lar Leather. 15@16c per foot; Trace leather.
40®44c; Kip. unfinished. 40<{?50c per lb; Veal,
finished, 16@17c per foot: Belf Knife- Splits,
14@16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@2S per ton; Stick,
$16®18 per cord.
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels,
boiled. 74c; raw. 72c; cases, 5o more; Lucol,
64o for boiled and 62o for raw. In barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 90c;
cases. 95c; China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels, 70c; cases. • 75c;
Srerm, pure, 63c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40®50c per gallon: Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c;
cases, 4214c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 58%e for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. tn bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; la
cases. 21 %c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 63c per gallon In cases and
59c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, T^
T%c per lb; White Lead. 6%@7#c. according
to quantity.
SALT— Liverpool. $30@32 50 for the best and
$26@27 50 for factory filled. Domestic — Imita
tion Liverpool, $25 25026; H. R. H.. S25 25®
26; California Dairy. 50-lb bags, $24®23 50;
Rock Salt, $17@18 85, according to quantity;
Granulated, $24 60@26 »er ten*.
QUICKSILVER— $47@4S per flask for local
use and $44045 50 for export.
SUGAR — Tho Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.03c:
Powdered. 4.90c: Candy Granulated, 4.90c: Dry.
Granulated. 4.8Oc: Confectioners' A. 4.S0c:
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet . Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c: D, 4.10c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $18@19 50; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $19@20; Lath. 4 feet, $3 90*9
4: Pickets. $19; Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 73
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic, $25@31.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, WEDNESDAY^ JANUARY 22, , 1902.
Chicago . Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
10
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, 7c: lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; "Wool Bags
32@35c: Fleeca Twine, • 7%@Sc. "
CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit Cannera' Association quotes the follow
ing, nrices for 1902, per case, 2 dozen ' cans to
the case: Mammoth White, $2 50@3 75- L» rm
White, $2@3 75; Medium White,- $1 T5®2 «|.
Small White/ $1 60; Mammoth Green S2 ftS»
3 65; Large Green, $2@2 90; Medium Greerf
$1 75@2 50; Small Green. $1 BO. "^
CANNED- FRUITS— The California Fruit
Cannera quote as follows, In 3V>-lb tins* -Ait.
plea, $1 05©l 45; ADricots. $l@i 50- PeaehA
yellow, $1 20@l 65; do, I^monClm'g 1*30®
1 75: Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 75; Plums QOci
$125; Nectarines, ?1@1 50; Muscat* Granes
@$1 35; Quinces, ' $1 10@l 55; Straffirl e a
$1 30@l 75; BlackberriesV$l 3O01 60 '
COAL — Wellington, , $9 per : ton- °Sonth«»M
Wellington, $9 : Seattle. *6 50; B^an^ $ R §O-
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-onerativB
Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 Jn bulk and
$13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania 'Anthracite Eeir
$15: Welsh Anthracite, $14; Canne* $11 pfr
ton; Coke, $15 per. ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions $8 45 tx>t
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand
CORDAGE-The local cordage comply
quotes as f ollows : • Pure Manila. 16c per lb-
Sisal si*e. ll%e: Bale Rope,. ll@u%c; Duplex'
10%c. .Terms, .60 days. or. 1% per cent cash
discount. Lois of 10.000 lbs. legless
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per" lb 3e
cases. Regular, 3%c; cases. Extra Large' 3%e :
cases. Eastern style,, 5%c; Boneless, ' 4%c;
"Norway." 4%c; "Narrow Gauge," 5«c- "Sil
ver King." 6%^; -Blocks, ; "Oriental B&cn
Last
Stations — 24 hours.
Eureka ............ 0.06
Bed Bluff 0.20
Sacramento 0.16
San Francisco 0.14
Fresno 0.00
Independence -0.00
San Luis Obispo O.O0
Los Angeles 0.00
San Diego 0.00
Thla
Season.
16.16
10.30
6.51
6.33
3.25
1.38
4.90
2.60
1.07
Last
Season.
30.38
15.33
11.00
12.48
7.22
5.12
21. 03
8 23
3.19
a
STATIONS. I
A
«?
l»
•1
Bg-33
r 1 : 3
t3 oj
¦ *0
5.
V
a
Astoria 30.20 48 36 NB Clear - OC
Baker 30.14 38 14 SW Cloudy "ofl
g ar son 29-^ « ¦ 18 NE Pt.CWy .OC
Eureka 30.02 52 42 NE Cloudy .Of
Fresno ......130.02 56 36 N Clear 0(
Flagstaff .....29.S4 46 14 SW Pt.Cldy "
Pocatello. Id.. 30.04, 42 24 S Clear .0C
Independence .29.99 48 22 SE Clear OC
Los Angeles... 30.00 C4 40 ' SW ' Clear *(K
Phoenix 29.90 64 30 NW Cloudy (K
Portlanfl .....30.20 44 40 SW "Clear . T
Red Bluff 30.08 46 42 N Cloudy .26
Rosebure 30.12 44 44 NW Cloudy .23
Sacramento . .29.98 54 36 NE Cloudy .16
Salt Lake 30.00 40 28 SE Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 00 52 44 SE> Rain .14
S. L. Obispo. .30.03 60 32 W Clear .00
San Dleso 30.00 60 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle SO. 22 46 32 N Clear .00
Spokane 30.22 S4^ 24 S Pt.Cldy .00
Keah Bay 30.18 44 40 S Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 26 34 24 SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca ..30.02 42 18 NW Cloudy .00
Tuma 29.90 70 40 NB Clear .00
a
STATIONS. I
A
«?
l»
•1
Bg-33
r 1 : 3
t3 oj
¦ *0
5.
V
a
Astoria 30.20 48 36 NB Clear - OC
Baker 30.14 38 14 SW Cloudy "ofl
g ar son 29-^ « ¦ 18 NE Pt.CWy .OC
Eureka 30.02 52 42 NE Cloudy .Of
Fresno ......130.02 56 36 N Clear 0(
Flagstaff .....29.S4 46 14 SW Pt.Cldy "
Pocatello. Id.. 30.04, 42 24 S Clear .0C
Independence .29.99 48 22 SE Clear OC
Los Angeles... 30.00 C4 40 ' SW ' Clear *(K
Phoenix 29.90 64 30 NW Cloudy (K
Portlanfl .....30.20 44 40 SW "Clear . T
Last
Stations — 24 hours.
Eureka ............ 0.06
Bed Bluff 0.20
Sacramento 0.16
San Francisco 0.14
Fresno 0.00
Independence -0.00
San Luis Obispo O.O0
Los Angeles 0.00
San Diego 0.00
Thla
Season.
16.16
10.30
6.51
6.33
3.25
1.38
4.90
2.60
1.07
Last
Season.
30.38
15.33
11.00
12.48
7.22
5.12
21. 03
8 23
3.19
Red Bluff 30.08 46 42 N Cloudy .26
Rosebure 30.12 44 44 NW Cloudy .23
Sacramento . .29.98 54 36 NE Cloudy .16
Salt Lake 30.00 40 28 SE Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 00 52 44 SE> Rain .14
S. L. Obispo. .30.03 60 32 W Clear .00
San Dleso 30.00 60 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle SO. 22 46 32 N Clear .00
Spokane 30.22 S4^ 24 S Pt.Cldy .00
Keah Bay 30.18 44 40 S Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 26 34 24 SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca ..30.02 42 18 NW Cloudy .00
Tuma 29.90 70 40 NB Clear .00BUTTED Mont, Jan. 2L— Young Alvln
Boyce, after brooding over the suicide of
his brother, Wilbur, whom he idolized,
and since whose death three years ago
he had periodical attacks of despondency,
this morning, on the anniversary of the
birthday of his dead brother, took his own
life. Boyce's room mate, John Conger,
early this morning detected the odor | of
laudanum. He asked Boyce if he had
taken it and Boyce - answered evasively.
A few moments later Boyce was taken
violently ill and death .followed shortly.
Boyce was a well-known football player
on the Butte team of 1S93-96.
Grief Causes His Suicide.
NEW- YORK, Jan. , 21.— Tom Sharkey
to-day t clinched - his J proposed " fight with
Jim Jeffries by posting $2500 forfeit as a
guarantee that he will fulfill his engage
ment with the Yosemite Athletic Club of
San Francisco. According to the articles
agreed to by Jeffries and Sharkey. . a for
feit of $2500. by each of the principals 'and
the club must;be.in'the hands of the ref
eree by February 1>, Sharkey's manager
to-day announced that he had abandoned
the idea of allowing. Sharkey to fight Ma
her at Louisville, at least until: after the
championship battle has. been fought •
Sharkey's Forfeit Is Posted.
Ex-Mayor Phelan will enjoy a surcease
from affairs political and social for sev
eral months at least. Mr. Phelan will start
this mornine on a tour which will em
brace visits to Eastern and European
points of interest.
Zx-Mayor Phelan to Take a Vacation.
Four years a^:o Mr. Bonnet invested a
ridiculously small sum in the California
Baseball League. The venture was a
ri5ky one. as the sport had not been es
tablished and was thought by a good
many to be dead in this State. The re
verse, however, happened, for the game
has steadily prospered, the past season
having been the most successful since the
palmy days of the old Haight-street
ETounds.
Goodman has been elected treasurer of
the league to succeed Mr. Bonnet. v
T. F. Bonnet, who for the past four
years has been prominently identified
with the California Baseball League, left
on a business trip to the Eastern cities
some days since. Before departing he
save an option on his stock in the league
to Theo Goodman, partner of Henry Har
ris of the San Francisco club. The latter
announced last night that he had bought
the stock. The price was not stated, but
it ran into thousands of dollars. -
Will Hereafter Act as California
League Treasurer.
Theo Goodman of San Francisco Club
licensed to Marry.
OAKLAXD, Jan. 21. — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to William Leahy,
aged 22 ye&rs, and Margaret Hayes, 23,
both of Oakland; George Young, 30. and
Addie Young. 29. both of San Francisco;
Joseph Swinney. 21. Clipper Gap, and
Mary C. Byrne, IS, San Francisco.
Of the original programme only two
bouts. were" decided, substitutes being pro
vided for a number of boxers who failed
to appear. ¦''¦ ¦ . ' ¦
"¦ George Dougherty and young Hill were
the first brace of boxers in the ring. They
weighed only 105 pounds, but fought like
game chickens. Dougherty proved too
strong for Hlll.n He knocked him down re
peatedly ? in the first round. The police
stopped it in the second.
Barney Drlacoll and Monte Attell boxed
four ' rounds • . to - a draw. » Attell seemed
stronger, * but » Drlscoll outgamed him f in
the last round and saved the decision go
ing against him..
¦Dan Sullivan. was given the decision over
Jack Cordell after four rounds of hard
fighting. Cordell towered above his oppo
nent,: who seemed . afraid of him " in the*
first round. ¦ In the second round Sullivan
was the aggressor and just as the 1 gong
sounded scored a. clean . knockdown. - He
continued > on 'the aggressive to the iend,
the judges' deciding .in his ; favor. '
-Frank George gained -the decision over
Jim Daily after four rounds. George was
the stronger and the more agsrressTve. *
- Charlie Snoilham ¦ and Jack ! McCormlck
fought four rounds to a draw. -The judges
disagreed, ; one • deciding In favor, of " Me-
Cormlck, the other " calling It a draw.
Referee McDevitt took the latter view
of.it.' r . , . ;¦ «:-: ¦¦¦• :%- '•:.••>• - •¦--¦ . '¦
Jimmie Little stopped John Collins In
one round. . Little is a veteran and Collins
a novice. The , latter should ; never have
been allowed to enter the ring. '. .-•
; George iCurran and: Billy Bowen boxed
four rounds, the. Judges calling it a draw.
The officials of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club were not willing .to fly in the
face of official authority last night sothey
declared off <he "amateur" boxing bout
between : Kred • Muller and ... "Cyclone"
Kelly. Theformer.is a well-known pro
fessional. -The club is authorized to; pro
mote only bouts between amateurs* and
its officers would render themselves amen
able to law ' if they allowed . the Muller
fight. .
. Sixth race, mile 'and a sixteenth- — Shut Up
won, Dandy H second, Asua third. : Time. 1:51.
Second race, three furlongs— Merry Sister
won. Frances ' Porter second, Julia Listem
third. Time. :35%. . '
Third race, six furlongs — Sevoy won. V.'elde
mann second, Araagarl .third. Time, . 1'13%
Fourth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth-
Frank M won, Henry of Franstamar second
Free Admission third. Time, 1:49%. \
¦ Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Wild
Bess won. ' Leenja sjcond, - Madame Wastello
third. Time, 1:20%. ." - • .
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 21.— Crescent City
summary:/ .- .. •""'• ¦ / .'..
First race, mile anl twenty yards, selling—
Syncopated' Sandy won, Jessie Jarboe second.
El Qhor third. Time. 1:44.
New Orleans Baring.
Miss Meredith, when brought to ... the
hall, insisted' on reading/ her statement.
It ' concerned the shortage • of ex-Secre
tary-Treastirer Pearce and , alleged that
President Mitchell and Secretary-Treas
urer Wilson did not give out all the facts
concerning Pearce's actions and that they
"willfully lied" to the. miners* committee
a year ago. She, demanded. an investiga
tion of the books to see how much
Pearce's shortage was. It* was intimated
that both Mitchell and: Wilson sought to
protect Pearce and for -.that reason; did
When, Van Horn took the chair Dele
gate Love of Iowa moved that the con
vention go into closed session and that all
newspaper representatives - btj excluded
while the charges were being heafaTDel
ogate McKay of " Pennsylvania opposed
the motion. Delegate Harrison of Illinois
moved that Miss. Meredith be sent for
and : asked to . explain the charges. • Act-
Ing • President Van Horn put the motion
and it carried, and he appointed a com
mittee to go , to the hotel to escort Miss
Meredith to the convention hall.
Gentlemen of the United Mine Workers— The
election of officers was to have been the flrbt
thing on the programme to-day, but I have to
say with deep feeling and regret that charges
have been made by Miss Millie Meredith, an
ex-employe or the national office, affecting my
self aa president of the rational body, against
your national secretary, Mr. Wilson,- and also
against the national executive board. The time
has come for the election of national : officers,
and I am unwilling to have this proceed until
these charges have been heard. I therefore
ask the convention to hear these charges and
I ask William D. Van Horn of Indiana to take
the chair while the charges are being heard.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 21.— Charges
cgalnst President Mitchell, Secretary
Wilson and the executive board of the
United Mine Workers of America were
the firat order of business before the con
vention this afternoon, and the unexpect
ed announcement that the charges would
be taken up caused a flurry of excitement
in the convention. President Mitchell, in
a voice full of emotion, addressing the
convention, said: w • .,
Hayes Valley Club Men
.Will Noi Oppose
Authority.
Charges Against Mine
"Workers' President
Are Heard.
The purpose of the movement for reci
procity, he said, was to have the whole
expense of Cuba's relief fall on two Amer
ican industries — tobacco and sugar. There
was now a tobacco acreage in Ohio of 36.
000 acres; Wisconsin, 23,000; Pennsyl
vania, 22,000; New York,* <2,000: Connecti
cut, 11,000, and several thousand acres In
other States, which would be seriously
crippled.
As to cigars. Young declared that the
proposed concessions would "wipe out the
American-made 10-cent cigar." The Cu
ban cigarmakers would lay down a clear
here for less than the American manufac
turer receives for his high grade goods
and the Cuban would have the advantage
of having his goods advertised as "im
ported cigars." This, Young said, would
secure for Cuba the entire American mar
ket for all goods above 5 cents.
Representative Richardson of Tennessee
asked if the price of cigars would be re
duced to the cigar smoker. Young said
the price would be reduced, but he did not
believe the consumer would ask this re
duction at the expense of the American
Industry.
John R. Young, president of the Na
tional Leaf Tobacco Association, made an
earnest plea against any tobacca conces
sions to Cuba. He said there undoubtedly
was a public sentiment in favor of grant
ing relief to Cuba, but he contended that
we should be as just to the people of our
own country as to the people of foreign
countries.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The Ways and
Means Committee to-day resumed Its
hearing on Cuban reciprocity with special
reference to the proposed reduction on
Cuban tobacco. The tobacco interests of
the United | States were largely repre
sented, the officers of the large leaf manu
facturers' and growers' associations being
present. .
White will giv*. a dlnner'ln honor of
Prttice Henry next Friday night, at which
the Princess and members of the Prince's
suite, 'with their wives, will be present,
and to which Count von Bulow, the Im
perial Chancellor, and Baron von Rich
thofen, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
and other ¦ Ministers ¦ have ' accepted Invi
tations. \ ¦ » ¦
-WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The apparent
conflict. In the dates mentioned in the
Washington and* Berlin programmes for
the reception of Prince Henry Is ex
plained here by the statement that the
Berlin authorities had before them when
they made their statement only an orig
inal and tentative programme, which waa
abandoned a day or two ago in. favor/of
an arrangement that involves two trips of
Prince Henry from New York to Wash
ington ; and the ; launching of the Meteor
on February. 25. The committee In charge
of arrangements tried hard to draw up an
itinerary - that would relieve the Prince
of the I necessity of making two trips be
tween New -York and Washington, but it
has so far been unable to plan any other
arrangement that would not involve an
abandonment of social functions in either
this city or. New York. . The latest pro
gramme . was cabled 'to • Berlin yesterday
afternoon, . and the committee is waiting
the approval ¦ of the Emperor and V- prince
Henry; If Berlin decides that the orig
inal programme would be adhered to
the committee here will amend the pro
gramme to correspond." ,
BERLIN, Jan. 21.— A news agency here
has received a dispatch from Chicago- rep
resenting the Chief of Police of that city
as saying that he could not be responsible
for the safety of Prince Henry off Prus
sia.while in Chicago without an increase
of the detective force sufficient to stop
any anarchist movements. This cable
gram is regarded by some officials as an
invention intended to frighten Prlnco
Henry into abandoning his trip or to in
ject a sinister, element Into his visit.
During Prince Henry's call yesterday
on Andrew D. White. United States Em
bassador here, the visitor spent most^ of
his time In examining railroad folders and
maps of the United States, through which
he is to travel, and in asking questions
concerning its topography, its cities and
their industries. \
»
Chicago Police Chief Said
to Desire More
Officers.
Congressmen Hear More
Arguments on the
Cubai Tariff.
not give out all the facts, and charged
that Pearce frequently presented bills for
double the amount of purchases. She also
said -.- that • Pearce's "extra money"
amounted to $2000 a year, while Mitchell
and Wilson reported that he had taken
only $JCO. . Miss Meredith declared . that
Mitchell allowed Pearce to go away as a
"sick man" and send in his resignation
from French Lick Springs.
At the conclusion of her statement Sec
retary-Treasurer Wilson arose and denied
the truth of the statement and said it
was 'the outgrowth of spite. Mitchell also
made denial. It became apparent during
the discussion that a large majority of
the delegates, present desire a complete
Investigation of the charges, and the
committee to-night decided that a com
plete investigation of the books will be
made. ¦ < -..
BONNET DISPOSES OF
HIS BASEBALL INTERESTS
WOMAN MAKES
THE ACCUSATION
NSW YORK, Jan. 21.-Foreshadowed
by more than one "indefinite post
ponement." the wedding engage
ment of Signor G. Marconi and
Miss Josephine Holman has been
broken off at her.request. This news was
formally announced to ; day. A mutual
friend was authorized to say: "Miss Hol
man has asked Signor Marconi to release
her from the engagement and he has com
piled with her request."
Signor Marconi faced his friends and in-
MULLER BARRED
FROM BOXING
Some time ago The Call correspondent
was informed that Signor Marconi was re
1 luctant to come to New York for fear
papers in a breach of promise suit would
be served against him. It Is possible that
such proceedings may yet be instituted.
It Is understood that Signor Marconi'3
friends and relatives had greater ambi
tions for him In a social. way than that he
should -choose an American girl with
neither 'notable distinction In society nor
Impressive fortune. Mrs. Holman and
daughter sailed to-day for Europe to re
main several months. ; ..-
terviewers with stereotyped replies, which
threw little additional light on the mat
ter. He appeared disturbed and depressed
and unwilling to', discuss the motives
which prompted Miss Holman's action.
"Tne decision is final, so far as I am
authorized to speak," said he. "The pro
gress of my experiments has been greatly
delayed by adverse fortune and this had
much to do with the delay of my mar
riage arrangements. But there Is also a
very delicate question involved, which la
more than I have admitted to any other
newspaper man."
MISS JOSEPHINE HOLMAN, WHOSE WEDDING ENGAGEMENT TO SIGNOR" MARCONI; THE NOTED EXPERT
AND INVENTOR IN WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY, HAS BEEN BROKEN OFF AT THE REQUEST OF THE
FIANCEE. THERE ARE HINTS OF A BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT. .
Deadlock in Student Election.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 2L—
The sophomores at Stanford have their
troubles. The class of 1904 possesses so
many good men with political aspirations
that the second-year students were unable
to-day to decide by ballot which one waa
best fitted for the presidency. There were
five candidates in the field and not one of
them received a majority of the votes
cast. John Taylor, the Santa Rosa track
athlete, led with 54 votes; Carl Kennedy
of San Jose was second, with 41, and W.
J. Patterson of Centreville third, with 28.
while A. M. Stevenson of Denver and W.
A. Crossman of San Jose received 27 and
24 votes respectively. The other officers
of the class are as follows: Vice president,
L. P. Bansbach of Denver; secretary, W.
F. Dunn of Los Angeles; treasurer, Isaac
Russel of Salt Lake City; athletic man
ager. B. C. Bubb of Mountain View; ser
geant at arms, M. A. Thomas of Ukiah.
Pasadena Sells Its Bonds.
PASADENA, Jan. 21.— The City Council
to-day accepted the bid of the Union Sav
ings Bank of Oakland for the municipal
Improvement bonds. The amount of tha
issue was $300,000. The bank's bid waa
$4501 premium.. There were six other bid-,
ders.
The funeral of Mrs. Mary McDonough,
an old and esteemed resident of the Mis
sion for more than four decades, mother
of Captain P. McDonough, formerly chief
jailer of the County Jail, took place yes
terday at Holy Cross Cemetery. There
was a large attendance at the obsequies.
The late Mrs. McDonough was highly es
teemed, having been an ardent worker in
the cause of charity. She was 86 years
of age and retained her mental faculties
up till the time of her death.
in Presence of Many Sor
rowing Friends.
Mrs. Mary McDonough Laid at Res?
FUNERAL OF RESPECTED
RESIDENT OF CITY
FEARS ATTACK
ON THE PRINCE
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 21.— J. L.
Craft was hanged in the county jail' here
to-day for the murder of Henry Spieker,
a member of a posse that tried to arrest
him after he had escaped from the State
prison on May 9, 1899. Craft was sent to
the Missouri penitentiary from Lawrence
County in 1896 for train robbery. Yester
day Governor Dockery pardoned Craft of
his prison sentence in order that he might
be hanged.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 21.— Albert
Garth, colored, 26 years of age, who
killed Minnie Woods, a negress, here on
December 22, 1899, was hanged at the
county jail this morning. Garth walked
bravely to the scaffold, maintaining com
parative calmness to the last.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Jan. 21.— John
Lutz was hanged to-day for the murder of
his wife. Lutz kept his nerve until the
noose was placed over his head, when he
would have collapsed had he not been
supported by the Sheriff. . On the evening
of November 28, 1S99, Lutz became en
raged because his wife did not desire
their daughter to play upon an organ, as
the child was ill. Lutz left the house
and returned at midnight with an ax.
Proceeding to the room where Mrs. Lutz
and her daughter were sleeping/he killed
his wife and then retired to his own room,
where he was arrested the next day.
PARDONS A CONVICT
TO HAVE HIM HANGED
TOBACCO MEN
MAKE PROTEST
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2L— In the absence
of other pressing business the House man
agers are allowing the widest latitude in
the debate on the urgent deficiency bill
now before the House. The irrigation of
arid lands in the West and the advisa
bility of retaining control of the Philip
pines were the main topics under discus
sion to-day. The speakers were Slbley of
Pennsylvania. Dinsmore of Arkansas,
Newlands of Nevada, Mor.dell of Wyo
ming. Robinson of Indiana, Kearns of
Illinois, Gaines of Tennessee, Vandiver of
Missouri and Greene of Pennsylvania.
Gaines of Tennessee opposed the item
In the bill providing for the establishment
of a military post at Manila, and de
nounced the administration's policy In the
Philippines. He declared that while In the
Philippines he learned absolutely that the
Americans promised independence to the
Filipinos.
Kahn of California challenged him to
produce the name of a single Filipino who
gave him such information.
Gaines said that the information had
been given him in confidence and that if
he were to divulge the names of those
who had given it to him they would lose
their heads. This reply elicited jeers from
the Republican side.
Dinsmore of Arkansas also spoke in op
position to the administration's Philippine
policy. He insisted that we should not
turn our backs upon the glorious tradi
tions of the past and enter upon a colo
nial policy.
/Without concluding the general debate
the committee rose. The report of the
Committee on Military Affairs, recom
mending that the resolution calling for
papers in the case of Hamilton H. Blount,
captain of the Forty-eighth United States
Volunteer Infantry, do He upon the table,
was adopted.
At 5:10 p. m. the House adjourned until
to-morrow.
the Present Philippine Policy.
Gaines of Tennessee Speaks Against
OBJECTS TO MILITARY POST.
Forecaster McAdie states that Southern
California will probably receive a drench
ing to-day. The crops in that portion o*
the State are badly in need of rain and it
is hoped that a considerable amount of
wet weather will ensue during the next
few weeks. It is predicted that the
weather all over the State will be cloudy
and unsettled to-day, although it is ex
pected that less rain will fall in San Fran
cisco than yesterday.
Rain was pretty general over the central
part of the State yesterday. In the north
and south, however, no rainfall of any_ Im
portance was reported, althousrH"' the
weather In both sections was cloudy and
gave promise of showers. In this city .H
of an inch of rain was registered.
State Report Cloudy "Weather
but No Rain.
Northern and Southern Portions of
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
RECEIVES A DRENCHING
Ex-Secretary Foster will be heard next
Thursday on the international phases of
the proposed Chinese exclusion. Chair
man Penrpse announced after to-day's
hearing that the whole subject would be
gone into very carefully by the commit
tee. -. -:¦:-:' ¦'
Speaking for the Porto Rico Mall
Steamship Company. Maxwell Evarts de
clared that the Mitchell bill would put a
tax on American commerce that no sub
sidy bill could replace. It would prohibit
the employment of Chinese seamen
aboard x American ships, and this would
result in an enormous difference in' the
matter of wages. He said that our Com
missioners to negotiate a new Chinese
treaty in two years should not be ham
pered and embarrassed by the passage
of any new law.
.. Hamlin presented resolutions of the
Boston Chamber of Commerce, advocat
ing the Proctor bill continuing in force
the present Chinese exclusion law until
the expiration of the existing treaty
with China in 1904, and urged that no bill
be adopted inconsistent with that treaty,
because, he said, "that treaty involves
the honor and faith of the United States
Government."
He said that the Chinese student, Chi
nese traveler and Chinese merchant have
been unfairly dealt with. Upon being
questioned, he admitted that there is 9.
division of sentiment among the delega
tion as represented by him, some of them
being perfectly satisfied with the law as
it now stands, while others are dissatis
fied with the Interpretation of the law.
He said that the hope of imbibing Ameri
can ideas lay in the Chinese student and
the law Is hurtful particularly to ; this
class of Chinese. . ./
"We are all interested in being on good
terms with China," he said,- "and should
treat her with some degree of considera
tion."
->¦¦ Foord spoke in opposition to the bill
and presented statistics of trade between
China and the United States. He urged
a.' postponement of any action by Con
gress looking to Chinese exclusion until
the expiration of the present treaty in
1904.
Gompers, the first speaker, outlined the
efforts which the Federation of Labor
had made in connection with the Pacific
Coast . delegation In Congress to perfect
a bill which would secure a continuance
of Chinese exclusion, and this had been
accomplished in what is known as the
Mitchell bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The Senate
Committee on Immigration j gave a hear
ing to-day to representatives of various
Interests on the question of Chinese im
migration. Among those present were D.«
S. Tompkins of the -Industrial CommiJ
sion; Silas . B. Webb, president of tho
China and Japan Trading. Company, New
York; Charles S. Shalin, Boston Cham-,
ber of Commerce; Samuel Gompers, presi
dent of the American Federation of La
bor; S. C. Meade, assistant secretary of
the Merchants' Association, New York;
John W. Foster, Theophylus\ Parsons of
the Arkuright Club, Boston; John Foord
of the Asiatic Association; H. R. Fuller,
representing the railroad employes of the
United States, and a number of repre
sentatives of Southern industries. \
At the conclusion of Rawlins' speech
Bacon of Georgia referred, to a colloquy
between himself and Lodge concerning an
order of the Secretary of War to permit
ships under foreign flags to enter the
trade between the United States and the
Philippines after the decision of the Su
preme Court that the islands -were do
mestic territory. No exigency of trade,
in his opinion, was sufficient reason for
such violation of the law. Bacon said
that if he had been Secretary of War he
would not have issued such an order, be
cause he could conceive of no emergency
which would warrant him in violating the
law. He protested against what he con
sidered "hot haste" in pressing the pend
ing .measure and against what he assert
ed was an effort to withhold from the
Senate information relating to the Phil
ippines.
Stewart of Nevada took issue with Ba
con's argument that an executive officer
could not set aside a law for the public
good, as being in contravention of the
history and jurisprudence of England and
America. He asserted that the rule had
existed for centuries that statutory law
must yield to great emergencies.
At 4:S5 o'clock the Senate went into ex
ecutive session and at 5:50 adjourned.
The debate was opened by Lodge of
Massachusetts, chairman of the Commit
tee on Philippines. He sketched the rea
sons which -had actuated the majority in
presenting the measure and urged strong
ly its enactment into law at an early
date. He explained the necessity for the
legislation embodied in the bill, and con
cluded with an appeal to Congress to
deal with questions relating to the Phil
ippines as they might arise and to keep
clear of vague words and vaguer prom
ises, which were likely to be misinter
preted and to raise false hopes in the
minds of the Filipinos. In an impassioned
peroration he besought Congress not to
give mortgages on an unknown future.
Rawlins of Utah delivered a vigorous
speech in support of the minority substi
tute, in which independence was promised
to the Filipinos as soon as a stable gov
ernment could be established in the Phil
ippines. His discussion of the general
Philippine question covered much of the
ground that has been gone over during
the past two years. Throughout he was
accorded careful attention.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— For nearly
three hours 'to-day the Senate, had under
consideration the Philippine tariff bill.
The measure was made the unfinished
business and probably will hold that po
sition of preference until it shall have
been voted on finally.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21. -The State De
partment will not be drawn into the con
troversy which has sprung up between
the European powers respecting the ef
forts made by them to prevent the United
States from going to war with Spain.
Lord Cranborne's statement in Parlia
ment yesterday is recognized as absolute
ly correct as far as it went, but there are
chapters in the story which he did not
touch upon and it is recognized here as
inexpedient to develop all the facts, even
now, lest animosities spring up without
sufficient reason. The frank statement of
Lord Cranborne touching Austria's earn
est efforts to prevent war caused no re
sentment here, where it is realized that
there were dynastic and sympathetic rea
sons that justified or at least extenuated
the Austrian purpose. »
VIENNA. Jan. 21.— Inquiries at the Aus
trian-Hungarian Foreign Office confirm
the essential points of the statement
made by Lcrd Cranborne, the British
Foreign Under Secretary, in the House of
Commons yesterdav. The dynastic rela
tions of Austria with Spain, the Queen
Hegent being an Archduchvss of Austria,
led Austria, before the declaration of the
war between Spain and the United States,
to begin a peace propaganda which was
carried on not only in England, but
throughout Europe. France was ready
to second the efforts of Austria. Germany
and Russia maintained a passive attitude.
Great Britain was at first disposed to
sign the proposed note, but after a con
lidentlal report from Washington declined
either to sign such a noie as the Austrian
Embassador proposed or to take any fur
ther steps. Afterward Austria and
France made direct representations at
Washington, but ceased their efforts after
the declaration of war, from that time
forth relying on the efforts of the Pope,
who was backed by the tacit approval of
all the jvowers.
The Facts From Vienna.
A telegraphic report of Lord Cran
borne's statement, in reply to the inter
pellation of Henry Xorman, M. P., was
distributed to the German newspapers by
the news agencies early in the day, yet
none of the Berlin evening papers, with
the exception of the Xorth German Ga
zette, prints it- The North German Ga
zette does not comment upon Lord Cran
borne's statement. The suppression of
what at another lime would be regarded
as news is taken to mean that tne Ger
man press is determined not to revive
unpleasant discussions at an inopportune
moment.
Some annoyance has been expressed in
official circles here that the British Under
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, Lord Cran
borne, and the British Foreign Office at
this moment should make statements
tending to discourage the growing good
feeling between Germany -and the United
States, and seemingly designed to spoil
the pleasant prospect of the visit to the
I'nited States of Admiral Prince Henry of
Prussia. The interpellation in the Brit
ish House of Commons yesterday to
which Lord Cranborne replied is here
considered to have been got up especially
to give the opportunity of saying some
thing in Parliament which might be taken
as a basis for reviving stories adverse to
Germany in the matter of German rela
tions with the United States.
Anger at the British.
"The Foreign Office declares with all
positiveness uhat Germany, neither be
fore the outbreak of the Spanish-Ameri
can War nor during its course, proposed
intervention to ether powers. Neither did
Germany support such a proposition made
by other powers. It is true that in sev
eral instances suggestions (anregungen)
were made to the German Government
from other sources, in the sense of inter
vention. But the German Government,
without exception, maintained a negative
attitude toward such suggestions, and
made known its negative standpoint
whenever occasion offered. It must fur
ther be remarked that it was not from
an Austrian tnicht Gerade von Oester
reichischer seite) that such suggestions
reached the German Government."
BERLIN, Jan. 2L— The Foreign Office
denies that Germany desired, or asso
ciated itself with any other Government
that may have sought to bring about
European intervention in the Spanish-
American War. A correspondent this aft
ernoon communicated to the German For
eign Office the statement emanating yes
terday from the British Foreign Office to
the effect that Germany, France and Rus-
Eia had supported tha Austrian Embassa
dor at London in his attempt to induce
Great Britain to sign a collective note ad
dressed to the United States, proposing
action by the European states, in view of
the outbreak, or expected outbreak, of
the late war between the United States
and Spain. Later in the day the follow
ing statement was handed to the corre
spondent:
Legislators Discuss Relations
With the Oriental
BERKELEY, Jan. 21.— The Intercolle
giate debating committee met to-day and'
set Friday evening, February 14, as the
time for the annual forensic contest for
the Carnot medal between the University
of California and Stanford University.
The sides will be drawn to-morrow, thus
giving the debaters three weeks in which
to prepare for a particular side of the
Question, instead of twenty-four hours, as
the custom has been heretofore. The
change will be tried this time as an ex
periment.
California will be represented in the
coming struggle of argument by F. M.
Allen, 1* E. Martin and H. I* Rothchlld.
with Walter Rothchild as alternate. The
three speakers have been chosen after a
series of preliminary debates of excep
tional merit. Nine men spoke in Utd
finals and their ability was so evenly ¦
matched that the judges had great dim
culty in making the decision.
Of the three speakers chosen one has
already been a member of a Carnot team.
Martin held that honor last year. The
young man Is a senior In the college of
social sciences. He entered the univer
sity from the Berkeley High School in
1898, where he held positions on school de
bating teams, competing with the Oak
land High School on one occasion. He
was president of the 1902 Debating Soci
ety in his sophomore year and of tho
Students' Congress last term. Last year
he . was substitute on the intercollegiate
team. -
F. M. Allen graduated from Pomona
High School in' 1897, and while there took
up debating. At college he has won five
prizes in literary contests. He has been
editor of the Californian and associate
editor of the Occident, both student pub
lications, and last term was president of
the Senate, a debating organization. Al
len is a member of the "Winged Helmet
and the Phi Sigma Delta fraternity.
H. L. Rothchild graduated from tho
Lowell High School in San Francisco in
1S98. He entered the university In tho
college of social sciences and has done
considerable debating as a member of
tne Students* Congress.
Walter Rothchild, the alternate. Is also
a Lowell graduate. He is a student !n
Hastings College of Law and has repre
sented that college in two victorious de
bating contests against the Students*
Congress. ¦ :.".'.;,¦«.
Orators Who Will Represent
the University of
Foreign Office Declares Gov
ernment Was Purely
NeutraL
President Gompers Speaks for
Mitchell Exclusion
BilL '"'';. : :?v&
Time Is Set for the Car
not Medal De-
Asiatic Association Mem
ber Talks, to the
. Senators.
Philippine Tariff Bill De
bate Begins in the'
Senate.
Story of Spanish-Ameri
can War Interven
tion Denied.
Expert of Wireless Telegraphy Says Delicate Question
Is lnvolved===Hint at Breach of Promise.
THINKS CHINA
NEEDS FAVORS
ALL NONSENSE,
SAYS GERMANY
LODGE ADVISES
CAUTIOUS STEPS
ENGAGEMENT OF SIGNOR MARCONI
AND MISS HOLMAN IS BROKEN
FORENSIC BATTLE
ON FEBRUARY 14
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1902.
SACRAMENTO. • Jan. ' 21.— "Father" ' Francis
E; Clark,- founder of the Christian Endeavor
ers 1 Association, has bought an orange orchard
at the , Fair Oaks colony, ; II f teen -mites . from
ben, and . will • make that place : his . home.
STOCKTON, "Jan. -, 21.— Mrs. C. W. Sander
jon. who cut her throat from ear to ear, al
most Fevered her tongue and gashed her wrists
with • a ' razor in an . effort to end her life. Is
still ; alive, • but * lt\ is < believed • she . cannot re
cover -^- - -*. *' * * ¦ ¦ ' . ns*Magaa«*ijtwj »fl
A committee from the Interstate Cours
ing Club held a!conference last night with
the directors of Union Coursing Park. The
latter decided to add $1500 to the. futurity
stake, ; to be decided in September. They
also decided to add $1200 to the California
plate, 4 which ,will be run; in February. '
.Big Stakes for Greyhounds.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J5| Babies* pink
JIa cheeks indicate
7j good health. /
VF Good healtK
comes with proper
food. Mellin's *Food
is a proper food. A
Send, a postal for ,&}
a free sample. §&|*
MEIXIN'S FOOD COMPANY. *M&
\ BOSTON, MASS.
BROWN'S Bronchial Troches
Blvo most salutary relief In
Bronchitis.
Sold In Boxes only. A uoid Imitations.
rac-Slmile jfLf-Js? *£ on rrery
Signature of O r*c*wm.4fo» box.
GBAPE-NXTTS.
WITHOUT MEDICINE.
Good Food Will Cure Disease.
A. good natural food that- will correct
constipation is a valuable thing. Grape-
Nuts has that reputation among those
that know.
A lady writes from San Pedro, Cal.,
that after Buffering a long time from in-
digestion and irregular bowels she
changed her food and used Grape-Nuts
regularly. She says she immediately be-
gan to Improve and in a short time was
entirely well. Commenting further she
says: "The only fault I find with it is
that it is so good I want to eat it all the
time.
"Please omit my name, but I will an-
swer any letters if stamped envelope is
inclosed." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek. Mich.THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1902.
12
HELP " WASTED — MALE Con.
ENERGETIC man wanted to handle a line of
medium and fine - pocket books and fancy
leather goods on' commission in connection
with similar lines: they are especially suited
for fine retailers. - aa they^- range > in rrice
from $9 per dozen up. Should have some
knowledge of the goods to handle them suc-
cessfully.- In replying give age, experience,
reference and territory 'Proposed covering.
Pocket Books, box 537. Philadelphia.
WANTED— Bright young man from 17 to 20
years of age; must be good at figures; stata
age and, salary expected. Box 2-Sb4. Call.
BARBER— Young man some experience to
finish trade., Elite barber shop, .61 Howard.
¦BOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
-. hand shoes for sale; 60c up- 241 Third st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr.Sth.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 2t> Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. '663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.' 563 Mission st- bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUImore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ..
¦ _"_HOHSES AND WAGONS.
MJCTIo7r~s^^M^ndayr~jrn. 20; 40 head
heavy wagon and Uvery horses at 11:30
a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 723
Howard st. -
A LOT of horses ¦ for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy St.. 6
cheap work horses. 4 sound horses, 'weight
1200; fine surrey horses.
FOR sale — First-class horse and buggy; horse
.good roadster; can be- trusted for ladles' use.
Inquire 2303 Geary st., near Broderick.
FOR sale^ — Horse, top buggy, harness. . good
condition; also good bicycle. 442 Pacific st.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN r S. 109 Sansome gt.
A BARGAIN In cood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wasron for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^RlN^E^HsTih^uses^To^leTi^nTToT^i^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1930, near Laguna — Eight rooms,
hath: fine marine view; rent $42 50.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola, off Waller.
bet. Pierce and Steiner. * Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 39. 13ft Post st. *. '
LECTURES.
ALICE WOLVERTON EYRE will lecture on
"The Ideal Commonwealth"" to-night at 8 at
1128 Eddy st. ; 25 cents. ,
LOST AXD KOXTXD.
LOST — Between Oakland racetrack and this
city, Tuesday afternoon, a purse containing
2 certificates of depcslt, 2 foreign gold pieces
and other money. A liberal reward paid for
return to owner, M. S. B., San Antonia. i
room 16, 21 Taylor st. ]
LOST — Knight Templar charm; name on back.
Return 1001 Bust st. ; • reward. " . , !
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANDREW SEPP, No. 191-1034. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's gold watch, in the Mission. Re-
turn to 304^4 Guerrero St.; reward.
LOST — Scotch . collie: white collar halfway
' around neck; answers to name of Manly; $5
reward. 2319 Scott st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia "Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs eld
'gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHIXK AVOH.KS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415%. Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
. MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to tha longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies" physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business ;
home In confinement. 112 Mason st.. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st, opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles"
. specialist ; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES, consult the tjriglnal MRS. DAVIK3
at the old office. 122S Market st. ; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama st., nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10;avoid delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TEN gas engines, 2 to 30 H. P.; fine condition;
woodworking 1 machinery, electric motors,
some • shopworn lathes, steam and power
pumps. BURTON. 44-46 Main St., S. F.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes. ¦ shafting, pulley*.
ets. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. ¦
WALLPAPER 3o, worth 10c: - paperhangiu?.
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.; tel.
Jackson 1321. '
BAR ! fixtures; big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brnnswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. II.
S. WHITE. 616-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 60. i Misfit J Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
¦ at., upstairs. . ¦ .
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. , MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes. "- at low
figures. -L. & M. ALEXANDER. HOMontg*y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
; BAKER & HAMILTON. .
FOR sale — New full dress suit; 33 breast. 24G
•Sutter St., room 17.
LARGE, modern fire oroof safe' cheap at 47
Clay St. ¦ .¦
WANTED— Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY." 303 Post st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
. lined safe, perfect . order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth $230. only
$90. Portland Loan Office.; 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 60. Pert-'
land Loan" Office. 25 Stockton st.
26- INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3
Misfit Parlors. 23, Stockton nt. . ¦
GASOLINE engines, all sizes. 'new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
yj. -BURKE. 13a Beale st. , waery.
SAFES — New and . second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-handi modern engines and boilers
bought, sold.' KrOgh.Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak-
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.'
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARP fe BRECK 131 Vostst.'
; .' MISCELLANEOUS iAVAPITsT"
WILL pay cash and ; good prlceT7or~old seal-
:-» skins. Address at once.. box 120S. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel.. Jessie 2S51.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dresa & TuxT
ado suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco r
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — ."27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Heyes street; open until 9:30 p. m. f
«» McAllister street; open until »:30 p. m.
SJ5 Larkin street: open until 0:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open «
until 9 p. m.
100 Eleventh rtreet: open until 0 p. tn.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 P- nj.-
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- -
turky Ftreets; open until 9 p. rn. *
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. j .
STARR ICING^LodgeT U. D?. F. and A. « ' j '
M.. Mowry's Hall— Will meet THIS AV
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7::;0\S3r!.
o'clock. Second degree. By order o.' ' * { ;
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary. ¦
CROCKETT Lodee No. 139, F. & A. M. ft j -
D. 2d THIS EVENING. Jan. 22. ftt J
7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. ViX
M. H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. ' j
EXCELSION Lodge No. 166. F. & A. m
M. Second degree THIS <WEDNES- *V_ "
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. iSjT j
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. __?_
MISSION LodRe No. 1C!». F. & A. M. m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY* Ji -
EVENING, at 1 :30 o'clock. Thir.l %JU *
degree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. «VV
MORSE Lodge. No. 257, 1» O. O. c^Zjmfe. Z
] ' The ofticers an<1 members of -i22i3!S3e
this lodge are hereby notified to ;^SSs^F
aKscmWe at the hall on THURS- '""^ .
DAY. January 23. at 1:30 p. m. sTiarp. to
attend the funeral of our deceased brother,
H. W. Cortes. £. G ; c mDDLE x G
C. ERIND, Recording Secretary. .
UNITY Lodge No. €1. K. of P.. will (
confer the Knight rank, long form. J»^
upon one Esquire. THURSDAY s«Cs&'
EVE. All Knights are cordially in- -*tSil*J
vited to attend. S. W. GATES.
K. of R- and S. j
SERVIAN - MONTENEGRIN • L. tj-It.
and B. Society — Officers and \$&jF
rr.pmbfrs: You are requested to £Jj»S%£51
assemble at the Russian Church SSSJ^rJM ]
THIS DAY (Wednesday), Jan. fiJftSST.VJ
T2, at 1 :15 o'clock bhar?, to at- jT^_ — ,iJJ
tend the funeral of our lat>"! TO}t'W s W
brother, TODOR A. VUJO- X <^gB' :
VICH. By order of
JOHN E. KUKAVIZA. President.
SPIRO S. VUCCSAVLIEVICH. Sec. j
BURNS Anniversary, the social treat * <7 >.
of the season — Clan Frazer No. 78, >& \MU?J j \
Order of Scottish Clans, will cele- 'WkXts '
brate the anniversary of ROBERT !
BURNS by a grand Scotch concert and <
dance. Some of Burns* choicest poems will
be illustrated by several characteristic tab- .
Jeaux. Oration "Robert Burns," by Rev. ]
"William Rader. The committee In charge
has spared no expense in procuring the best
vocal talent for the event. THURSDAY «
EVENING. January 23. 1902. S o'clock. Odd
Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market sts. Ad- "
mission ?r>c. J. W. KING, Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
BTT ANDREWS SOCIETY— The an- . «y !
rival celebration of the birth of ZV. tiiij .
Robert Burns wtll be held In "^Xl* .
Scottish Hall. Ill Larkin St.. on *^ Jfc
FRIDAY EVENING, Jan. 24. Professor
Lawson of 'the University of California, Berke- j •
ley. will deliver an address on the "Genius .
<if Btirnp"; Mr. James Smith will recite, and .
Mrs. M. E- Blanchard, Miss Millie Flynn. Mr. '
J. C. Hushes and Mr. J. F. Veaco will sing.
Pancing to the music of Fairgrieve's orches-
tra will follow the programme. Concert at
8:15. Dancing at 10. Tickets 25c each.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President.
GEORGE ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
FUNERAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the lot owners in the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY, February 4, 1902, at 2 o'clock
\>. m.. for the election of five trustees and
such business as may legally come before
them. 7HEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet- ! j
ing of the stockholders of The California i
l Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day of | -
February. 1»C2. at the hour of 11 o'clock j !
a m.. for the purpose of electing a board j
of directors to serve for the ensuing year, j
and the transaction of such other business :
as mav come before the meeting. i
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary. '
THE rejrular annual mating of the stockhold- j
*T5 of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company in the Union Trust Company's
building corner' Post. Montgomery and Mar-
ket sts..' San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY.
the ::d day of February. 1902, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a (
beard of directors to serve for the following I
year, the amendment cf the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of euch other
business as may rnme before the meeting.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission. Having re-"
celvea applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C. Murphy In the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsev. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey j
Canvon: frnm John Pascoe and W. H. Se- i
combe, in the Chili Ravine gravel mine, near j
Plaoerville. El Dorago County, to deposit
tailinrs in Chili Ravine: from Warren T.
Puj.ci], ij, the Harry Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
"W>Titz Bros.. In their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings ¦
<>n a flat Mow the mine, grives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood bulld-
ir.sr San Francisco. Cal., on February 3,
iy?. at 1 :".O p. m. ' j
AGENTS WASTED.
MEN to sell tea strainers, calling at stores;
pood commissicn. :»1)3 Parrot building.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES — Prospects predicted, difficulties j
avoided advice in social and. business af-
fairs; readings by mail. RAYMOND. 227
Taylor st. I
ATTOHXEYS AT LAW.
B. W. KING. atty. Examiner building, room
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick:quiet;
no ch&rgre without success: established IB yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phonejohn3 181. ]
G. W.'HOWE, S50 Market st., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bil!s of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; will; drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.81U Market.
ADVICK f rcc ¦ no chsrgc unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market Et., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fees in -advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchanee.
ALLEN does the best repair work in the State;
t moderate prices. 301 Larkin st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; . near
echool; SS up. 2127 Prince St. •
GERMAN lady would like couple of children to
board; sunny yard. 439 Minna st-
BOOKS XEW AXD OLD. "
BOOKS or all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~~~
A — $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $1000; CANDY store on Mission et.; rent
US; place establ. years and doing a good. pay-
ing business; value in sight. Call R. G
.WILKE. 2C^ Kearny Et. .
A— $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland, Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and first-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner in office
of R. G. WILKE. 2U»^ Kearny st.
A — $1000; HAY. grain, wood and coal yard on
Mission et. ; rent $40; cstab. 20 years- other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business.^ Call R. G. WILKE, 2(3% Kearny.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop house- kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning- business S days' trial given
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. '
$500— POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent; location can't I
be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st. |
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for i
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny 8t • |
A— $C00; COFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located I
close to Chronicle building: bargain: call '
soon, n. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
A — $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth st.; rent $20; living rooms;' fitve
opening for man and wife. Call R G
WILKE. 2(i'4 Kearny st, " \
A — $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon, i
-¦with 36 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years'
lease; established years; located on Mont-.
pomery et.: good business. Call R G '
WILKE. 26% Kearny 8 t.
A— $350; CANDY stand on Sixth St.. close to
Market; rent $50; good business; owner other-
wlee engaged. R. G. WILKE. 2B% Kearny. j
BUSINESS men*. — If you want quick sale l»st
. your business for sale by McBRIDE & CO.. (
765 Market ex.
$400 — A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth $1000:
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO... S50. Market. ;
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Con'tiiined.
EiEALY & CARR. phone James 2771. ''''?¦
C Eddy ".St.. rooms 18 and 19. , >
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-house's."' grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches,' oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. • •: <.
;oy<j — ART £tore;".'J living-rooms; all furnished;
a fine business for man and wife or 2 ladles;
central. HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy si.
ir2o — STATIONERY, notion and candy store;
fixtures, showcases. Mock invoice" $500; llv-
inp-rooms; the place for man and wife.
STENBERG CO.. 1ZA) Market st.
fl'50— PARTNER wanted: suited to . plain,
steady man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. '25 Geary St., room 4. .
fl'JO — FAMILY restaurant; receipts $10 day:
living rooms; cheap rent: fine place for man
and wife; sickness. BROWN, 1221 Market.
J.H.STANTON, real estate and business broker;
removed from :U Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances,
,\— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 4C2 Parrott bldg.
IF vou want to buy a business or sell gc to
DECKER, 921 Market .-:t.
HOME kitchen and bakery doing a comfortable
bupineps can be secured at reasonable price if
taken immediately. 417 O'Farrell st. ; rent
$17 r.o. ¦- ,,-
fl25 — BRANCH bakery and 3 neatly fur-
n^shod rooms for sale. Inquire corner Six-
teenth st. and Albion ave.
plUW— .FOR sale, good-paying restaurant. Ap-
ply at 195 Tenth st.
PARTNER wanted; steady, reliable man, with
$100, as partner in first-class bakery, restau-
rant and lodging-house; baker preferred;
only bakery in town." Cream City Bakery.
Ferndale, Humboldt Co., Cal. -
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton street.
$250 — MAN or lady partner to' take cash
and assist; will clear over $50 month,
with board; no experience required. Call
<;05 Clay St.. 11 to 2. , .
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; best
location. For particulars, P. O. box .151,
Oakland.
FOR Sale — Tailoring business in the country;
living rooms, furniture, etc.; doing a good
business. Apply Call office.
$350 — RESTAURANT for sale; good place for
:man and wife. Box 3529, Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place man and wife or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2814, CalC
$200 — SHOOTING gallery. Inquire 443 Dupont
street.
FOR Rale — Hairdreslng and manicuring store;
good business location. 1317 Stockton st.
OLD established grocery and bar; rent $20; a
bargain to-fiay. Box 3520, Call office.
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission st.
$000— FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
lejo, Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. i
LOUGIKG-HOUSKS FOK SALE.
THEn5olcXLD~rNVESTM^Nir^oldPANY:
fcoO Market tt. Tel. pavls 281.
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 000
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer It55o '
20 rooms; good furniture, money maker. 2200"
20 rooms, snap, see it 850
3S rooms, central, clears $200 3200
30 rooms, cheap rent, money maker.... 1600 ;
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
O rooms, rent $32, good furniture 450
17 rooms, rent $60. good payer l>00
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner...... 35O i
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. S50 Market st.
50 KOOMS; new house; new furniture: cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
Eee it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850
Market 6t.
A^ — Near the Call buildings. '
Telephone Black l-S-u-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to Joan on lodg- .
ing-houses or on real j
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
115 r. ; new building; clears $317 month .. $000o
34 r. : part offices; fine carpets; oak
furniture; 2 floors; clears flO9 mo.. 2200
22 r. ; clears $102 per month above all
expenses; 6 blocks N. of Market;
elegant: first-class roomers.
12 r. ; good furniture; rent $33; clears $40. 400
7 r. : rent $16; nice: easy installments. 300
WINSTON & WOLF. — —
Reliable Brokers.... 1026 Market St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
100 rooms; brand new and modern building.
62 rooms; rent $150: fine location $3500
63 rooms; workman's hotel; new and
modern building; corner; rent $125;
price 1000
."9 rooms; offices; cheap rent; part cash. 2000
2!» rooms; rent $75; offices; see it 1400
26 rooms; rent $90; part cash 2000
MX! other houses to select from.
Call, we have the bargains.
"tt'E have 75 lodging-houses for sale from $300
to ?6000; some very bargains; if you have
lodging-houses for sale list them with us; wo
tell quick, and good prices. . McBRIDE &
CO.. 765 Market st. •
BEFORE buying or selling your lodging-house
call on H. C. DECKER, the old reliable
agent, at 1020 Market st. ; phone Mint 796.
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
ROOMING house for sale. $225; must be sold;
cause, death; 17 rooms, 28^4 Clay st.
NINE-ROOM lodging-houso for sale cheap. Ap-
ply after 2 p. m.. at 251% Stevenson st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 • Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 3761 — Seances Sun..
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 p. at. ; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A— Pr6f*.~GEE, 108 Sixth St.; readings daily.
BOc and $1: circle every night, 10c. .
EARLES' slate writing seance to-day; 2:30.
328 Ellis st.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium, rain
or sunshine, for short stay. 300 Turk st.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; aeance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs.. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
_________
KN0W~THY FUTURE '. T%\
And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting
SIP. HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or. woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
tecret how to control or influence any one
you Jove or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sunday?. Reception rooms, 13,
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ¦¦- ¦
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at IX Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events • to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice; no long story;
just what you want to know; consultation on
all matters; love, marriage, divorce, family
troubles, sickness; we convince all. Parlors
1. 2 and 3. C07 Kearny st.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
- palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second eight;
diagnoses diseases with life read1ng;ladies50i
¦ gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 32GA Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads vour life cerrectlv without
ques.: full names; 5Oc-?l; 10 a: m.to 8 p. m.
50c. $1 — Prof. Weller, ciair., palmist, card read-
er; mail orders; stamp, circular. 1007^ Mkt.
MME. Od«-ll, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
• future: L.- 25c: G. 5Cc. "242 Minna," upstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card- reader: la-
dles 2Rc; gents. 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader. from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to «. 262 Minna st. nr." 4th.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant. 349V.
Minna St., near, . Fifth. -. ¦¦,.,¦;.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c.' 234% Sixth st. ,
MRS. MALLORY. 917 : Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult m^; L. 25c; G. 50c."
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1503.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnned. ¦. 1
MRS. B. Baumann well-known fortune teller. "*
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME . RAVENNA reads life fluently; business -
- advice : names given : C5c up. B- Fourth st. J
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING. .
WHEN, you become disgusted with poor work
pend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- -
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ;. tel. . South 40. 1
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st.-.tel.Capp-JJ--' .
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices | ,
reasonable. 17ft'. Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2b3. <
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works. ¦
333 Golden Gate ave.:; telephone East lib..
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and . Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission- »4. p
• COLLECTION OFFICES. .'
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Ageneyv 6th j
floor, !»10 Market St.; advice, free. Tel.-Bus.i
194; able body of attorneys. ¦«•¦'.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S. Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. P27 Market st. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
LOMBARD. 1043-— Rent $15, cottage of 5 rooms
and bath"; no children; reference. ! j
DENTISTS. _____
A^DIt *"¥"." sThIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma j
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason- -.
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural .
and guaranteed. $5 up. ]
Painless extraction.
. I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges ¦;
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice- free; prices .
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. ;
DR., GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor. .
I 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain- ]
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty: gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,. .
ft to 2. ,T. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager. !
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings, 50c; .
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war- ]
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-^«
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 50c. '
SET of teeth without plate. DR.. H. G. .
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ¦ . ' '
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-, .
less ext.. BOc: plates ?5up: phone Polk 113B. ;
DOG SPECIALIST|V^^ :
Hm. EDWARD" n! "l~EaVY. . canine specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at j
906 Jones st, where he will administer to the ¦
ailments of domesticated " animals; office ;
hours 10 to 3: telephone Kate 20S5.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave:
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD^S^CHOOL^ oFlEL^CT^ICALr^NGI^
NEER1NG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ; .
catalogue free. " ¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship- guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, .
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers; .
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free. I
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.. ' ,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night: catalogue free.' j
A — The. LYCiSUM, an accredited" preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stantord professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad- >
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-'
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Halle t School,
associated with theatrical agency securing j
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
THE Raven awards handsome prizes for bright
short stories.. Forward manuscript to-P.-O. -
' box 77, Berkoley. - -
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college I
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures, j
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott, bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College^— Shorthand, typ- j
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par- «
rott bide ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates:
new ttO-page catalotcue tree. 305 Larkin st. '
A FUI-L course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cis: j Business College. 1230 Market st. ' .!
A — THE Leo Cooper School or Acting I has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
LADY teacher would like a few more juvenile
piano pupils; 50c an hour. Box 2879, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, ,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. ¦ 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH. French. etc.Prof.DeFllippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally. '
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. I
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission: instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
. Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; . $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'R DAY. and
ILLUSTRATION — nicht class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors, 50c; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The .Weekly
Call, 16 pages,' sent to any. address In the
TJnited States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSH1TA, J233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell; 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year3.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
'JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411'4 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 420/
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-^"
, flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office^ — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. ~
ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nesc help. 420 Powell. nr. Sutter :tel. Black 507?.
EMPLO VMENT WANTED-UFEMALE.
TWO respectable, young ladles (sisters), .who
wish to take a course through < business col-
lege, will exchange light housework In the
morning or sewing (fine musicians) In ex-
change for board and room; best j of refer-
ences exchanged.. Box 3535-Call. .. ; . .: •
COMPETENT' woman wants work for Wednes-
days, Thursdays, Fridays; sweeping, clean-
. Ing, laur\dry work;- $1 50 per day. Address
MRS. MORRIS, 711 Howard st. ; . .
A REFINED woman would like pogition- as
working housekeeper in small family: neat
and 1-xcellent cook. " Call 1809 • Fifth - St..
West Oakland. .. . .:. _•¦;¦-.••
A GERMAN-* woman wishes" work at house-
cleaning few half days -a week;- Alameda
. only. Please call at 619 Haight ave., Ala- '
meda. ¦ ' . ¦ -.
WANTED— A situation by a first-class cooktin
a hotel or boarding-house; : German woman; |
best of references. Call at 843 Franklin .St.,
¦Oakland; tel. Red 2433. r ¦-...-.- ;;;¦ . ! ; < ; |
FIRST-CLASS cook, colored, wishes situation; !
reference.. Call 16 Stockton place, bet.' Post
- and Sutter sts. s -¦-.-¦" •;-¦;; M< : r 'v
WANTED— Place with small family » by : mid-
dle-aged woman ; no : objection ' to country.
Address N.' J. WILSON, Alameda P. ; O. r-
YOUNG . girl wishes second | work j and I sewing
in Catholic family: will ; care ' for 2chlldren;
' references. \ 1040 Hyde st. ¦'.-' ,> ' -. . X- r
YOUNG German lady with; a- child > wishes: a
; position . for. general housework, ".city . or
: country. Apply, at' 621- Commercial st. ¦ •. •
WANTED — By .a" good." « trustworthy young
woman, position as child's nurse; best of ref-
erences. Call • or address 23GB ! Ninth j St.* J | ,.
GERMAN girl wants housework" In • private
• family; good cook: ' 843 Franklin i st., * Oak -
land; tel. Red 2133. >.. "¦ . V: ; .,;.-'. ' t ;
WOMAN wants. work .by the day, washing or
house-cleaning. -. 14. Hayes St.; near Larkin. ,. '
A : WOMAN wishes situation In American fam-
ily: to do; general; housework.; 10Ci>4} Third $.t. ;
A GOOD laundress ¦ and ?r housekeeper - wants
work; sleep home. - Box 3543, 1\ Call 'office;' :;, :
POSITION wanted » by .young lady • as^ lady's
¦j* maid;. good plain sewer. Add. box 3524, Call..
EMPLOYMENT^" WANTED— -FEMALE.
WANTED— A 'resnectable, ' ," elderly . woman
would like one or two offices to clean. Ad-
dress MRS. SANBURN. 1332 Folsom St.; ¦
\. NEAT young girl < would like Sto assist in
1 ight housework and mind - baby ; , small J f am-
lly. '"Address 940- Railroad ave. south."
HOUSEWORK-? in small family by flcst-class
woman. ..: 445 Fourth ;-st. ¦'...; ¦.¦¦'.•"•.'- .' '.* ;; ' "-'¦ -.'¦
MIDDLE- AGED American woman wishes po-
sition to do housework for a widower's fam-
*ily. . 118 Sixth, St. room 53. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and -baggage to and from -ferry. "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at . 10i)'i
Valencia gt. V ¦ '¦"•-¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A.N accountant with: first-class references de-
sires situation as acqountant or bookkeeper;
posting. . opening and' balancing of books or
•any clerical work solicited; whole or part
time., Box 3506, Call office. .: . :
2HEF cook: wants" position (at present work-
ing at a club) on or after Feb. 1; good ref-
erences at personal interview: ; German, cafe
or country . hotel preferred. Box 3537, Call.
EX-SOLDIER wants any kind of honest work;
prefers work at plumbing under instruc-
tions; can wipe Joints good. Address box
3536, Call office. V
5TOUNG. butcher, .German, 24, wishes' position
to work in shop; also good sausagemaker;
either city or country. - Box 3545, Call office.
RESPECTABLE man, experienced janitor,
wants any kind of work • around - house . or
store for small compensation. Box 3539, Call.
JTOUNG man wishes a position as cigar drum-
mer; has city and country- trade; none but a
first-class house need answer. Box 3538, Call.
JTOUNG man wishes work In evenings; good
hustler; can do bookkeeping. GEO. MOR-
- GENSTERN, 213% Mason st. "
ENGINEER and electrician; can make all re-
pairs and do all wiring pipe fitting. Box
3533, Call. «
SOBER industrious German, 25, • good garden-
er and horseman, . wants ' situation: refer-
ences. Box 3544,- Call office. -. - f ---¦-.'¦
RELIABLE man wishes' position, care of in-
valid or sick person; gives electric massage.
A. ANTHONY, 1318 7th ave., East Oakland.
THREE competent men want work at clearing
land or ditching. ¦ Box 3546. Call office.
WANTED— Position by experienced cook. Ad-
dress, box 3532, Call office. i
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation" in the
country. '.; Box 3513, Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED single man, about private
, place; .can milk cow; good gardener; clean
windows; low wages; best references. Box
..3512, Call office. ' .:.
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
age as bookkeeper or clerk in a wholesale or
retail house either city or country. .Box
2835, Call office. > .,¦>*-¦
EXPERIENCED cigar clerk who can command
a large trade wishes a position with reliable
stand. Box 3511, Call office. .
YOUNG hotel man wishes position as clerk,
watchman, bus driver, etc. ; steady position
more than large wages; country preferred.
Box 2392, Call office, Oakland. !
HAVING held position as nurse in same hospi-
tal 4% years, would like similar, or with in-
valid gentleman ; reference. "Address Nurse,
300 Hayes st. \ -."-, ¦
EXPERIENCED man -wants position as fore-
¦ man on stock range x or farm; city " referneces.
Address box 3527, Call office. i , •
BAKER, good second hand, wants position in
country. .Baker, 246 . Third st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. .2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 100(5
Valencia st. . • "
• . . FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated,' promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brckers, 326 Post.st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — Wp
have 42 offices, in operation; new method of
.. placing stocks and bonds; ¦ companies Incor-
porated ;' stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
. FLATS JO LET. _ ¦ '
A — SIXTH ave. and -Fulton st., facing Golden
Gate Park: brand - new; trtodem; 0 rms., bath.
NEW upper ¦ sunny modern flat, ', 5 rooms and
bath. 069 Golden. Gate ave.; no children.
GEARY. 1131, bet. Van Ness and. Franklin —
. Modern lower flat 7 rms. & bath; rent $32 50.
FURNISHED FLAT WASTED.
FURNISHED flat wanted by young married
couple; no children; a neatly furnished flat
of 5 or 6 rooms; location north of O'Farrell
and. east of Devisadero; must be scrupulously
-clean and contain modern Improvements;
state' re.nt. Address box 2884, Call office.
FURNITURE . FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7.
- ranre. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1S5L
: GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the we. id;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AV ANTED— FEMALE. .
WANTED — 2 cooks, no wash, $30; 6 /second
glrlsi ' $20, $25; Infant nurse, $25; 4 restau-
rant ; waitresses, $7, $8 week ; chamberwork
and sewing, $30; German nurse girl, $20;
nursery i governess, $25; housework, San
Rafael, $30; ¦ parlormaid and waitress, $25:
: 50 girls for all kinds of housework, city
and nearby towns, ?20, $25, ?30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334- Sutter st. .
A— MRS. E. DAY & CO. .... .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, $22 50 fare paid; 2 waitresses, $25,
country; 8 waitresses, city and country, $20
arid £25; 2 chambermaids, $15. . ,. .. -
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Experienced infant's nurse, $25; cooks, house-
. girls, many choice places, city and country,
$20 and $25. ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... .335 Geary st.
A — WANTED — Giris and women at S. F. Halr-
j dressing College to learn hairdressing trade
thoroughly in 2 weeks; course $5, including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment, bleach-
ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
« wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
. uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions in stores all
over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
'. those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks given money back; day & eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
EXPERIENCED woman who understands cut-
ting and drafting of ladies' waists and wrap-
, pers; must have good recommendation for
ability; ' do not apply otherwise. I. MAG-
NIN, 656 Mission, st.. third floor; ; apply be-
tween 10 and 11. ¦
WANTED — Girls to fold shirts, also a few
bright girls about 16 years of i age to ' work
| in shirt factory.' /Apply The L. ELKUS CO.,
29 and<31 Battery st. ' '
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 2027. Vallejo st., : between; La-
guna and Buchanan.. , ?'.-'' -v ¦¦ .
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for downstairs
i ¦•¦•work and plain cooking; small family; wages
$30.. 2520 Vallejo st. ¦:.¦:.; ,
APPRENTICE in millinery store at G92 Mc-
: Alllster : st. ; first-class teaching. , ;
GERMAN girl for upstairs work and assist
: with baby. 7 .2520 Green St.. near Scott.
WANTED— Girl for plain ¦ cooking and gen-
leral housework ; small family. 1519 Grove.
LADY experienced -in massage treatment.
. Address box 3507 Call office.
OAKLAND— General housework; 2 in family.
. Call, 12C Kearny st, room 48. ;
WANTED— A 'seamstress at 29 Stockton et. '
WANTED— A nurse girl. 2643 Bryant st.,'
: ' near Twenty-fifth.- ; ,'-.-. ; '¦ - v -• : -~- '¦•:-..¦ '
WANTED— A first-class talloress on fine coats.
' 850 Market st., rooms 3 and 4. -
AMATEUR ' performers wanted. Apply at
-Chutes at <S,p.-.m.', this evening. L -. •¦
WANTED— A young German or Swiss girl that
3 .can cook'well'and do-some of the downstairs
> work In family of 3 adults; wages $25., Call
-at 1823 Jackson st.; between 9 and. 11 a. <m.
EXPERIENCED," operators. 'on ladies' cotton
/ waists;, good pay. BAUER BROS & CO., 21
/.Sansome st..^ ... .^ : . . . . i •
EXPERIENCED tuckers can make "big wages
" at BAUER BROS.- & CO.'S, f 21 j Sansome st. .:.
-FIRST-CLASS ladies' hairdressers;. ventilators,
¦ \ an .apprentice : and experienced : salesgirl. . 40
''i Geary ; st. .' „•¦¦. ¦.•;,'¦¦ ¦"'".,"; <;¦¦' ¦..".-¦ ":'-._
YOUNG. woman foivll&ht i-housework,. $15 per
>; mont'n.',. Apply. 1S6 Tremont'ave.,: south of
i : Panhandle. ¦ ¦ '¦"¦•w-" : ,'-. : <:
/ HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Con^
OPERATORS at" Lev! Strauss & Co.' s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont St.; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage su-
perior to all others; ladles requested to visit
-: the, classes; all who enter this week get full
course for $4. 305 Larkin St.; take elevator:
ladies' work : done free.. . *,
WANTED— An ; experienced. Protestant woman
to do ¦ light upstairs work in small family ;
must be good seamstress and able to do mani-
. curing and hairdressing; location near San
Rafael ; give references. Box 2894, Call.
YOUNG girl, assist with work, help take care
children; sleep home; ; $15. 1410 Buchanan
¦ st.. near O'Farrell. - J .' ' '
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker, and finisher;
steady work; good wages; all on coats. 40
: Ellis , St.; room 47. ' - . - ¦'.' ,¦
WANTED — First-class waist' trimmers; per-
' manent- position. ¦ COX. . 1514 Pine St.
OPERATORS on' ladies' -and children's wear
,to work in factory., 656 Mission, fourth floor.
YOUNG girl for. light housework. Apply 1531
'¦.Golden Gate ave. ' - ¦
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1134 Turk st.
WANTED— Nursegirl; sleep home. Apply 234
San Jose ave., near, Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED — Flrst-clrfss millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a.;m.
A GERMAN woman as governess; state re-
llglon; salary $30. . Box 2904, Call. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions' has been established at 1000
. Valencia st. ' ' . "
HELP WANTED— MALE. _;
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
.034-636 Clay st — . .
Leading Employment and * Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a. m. ¦". ¦
5 laborers, country :... $34 and found
10 laborers, fare 55c... ...,'...$2 day
Blacksmith,, city job; 2 machinists; eash
weight molders; man to drive wagon, city,
German. 1 $30 and found;' milk wagon driver,
' city, $25 and found; 15 farm hands, orchard,
etc.; 5 pruners, $30 and found; -dairyman,
'$25 and found; 5 Italian farmers; teamster
for ranch,, see boss here, $25 to $35 and
\~ found ; 5 : orchard hands, Santa Clara . Co.,
B $25 and found; boy to herd stock, $10 and
. found ; 5 choremen and boys ; farmer and
: wife, fruit ranch, $40 and found; milker and
'wife, fare $1 25. $50 and found ;.......
'. Wood Choppers
.Post, Picket and Tie Makers
....... j Bis Wages :
. 450 wood choppers for different Jobs, virgin
timber, level ground, new" camp; wages for
wood, 75c, $1, $1 50, $2 and $2 50 per cord,
tools and grub furnished; wages for ties, 9c,
10c, 12c and 15c each;
'........ ..Men to learn to make ties. ........
.25 men to learn to make, hew and split ties;
no experience required; company furnishes
, you an instructor; good money can be made
on this dob; ship to-day
Cook and helper, country hotel, $60 and
| found; baker, see boss here, country shop,
$50 and found; 5 waiters; 10 kitchen hands;
6 cooks, different jobs, etc., etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
ATC.R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary St.
Wanted — 500 men for new railroad work in
Nevada $2 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
, t ¦ , -¦ ... ¦ ¦ .
Engineer/ and electrician for a hotel plant,
$55 and _ board; milk wagon driver, $30; 2
rough carpenters on ranch, $1 a day and
board.
. . : . . HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;.....
Short order cook for cafe, country, $75; cook
for hotel in Nevada, $<5; French cook, $75;
cook, country hotel, $35; bell boy, country
hotel, $12 50. ,- .
C. R. HANSEN &. CO .'..104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED man for wood and coal yard,
$35 and found; setter for sawmill, $60 1 to
$75; Becond setter for mill, $60; pond man,
JJGO; foreman for sash and blind factory;
Burleigh driller, $3 day; carriage black-
smith $3 50 day; 2 farmers and wives. $35
and $40; wood choppers, . tie makers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. ¦ . v --...¦
BUTLERS. $40 and found; cooks, waiters;
restaurant porter, $25; dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. ¦
A — BAKER,' country shop, see boss here, $50
and found; driver for milk route, $50 and
room; milk -wagon driver, $30 and found;
. gardener," and milk 2 cows, country, $25;
redwood tie makers, cooks, waiters, dish-
' .washers and- others. < W. D. EWER & . CO.,
' 610 Clay st. ' . . ". "- "¦ ¦¦¦ ~ ~ ".."" '
ANDRE'S ' office, 316 Stockton st. — Cook,
country hotel, $50; 2 waiters, country, $20
and $25; gardener for nursery, $30; man to
care for horses and do chores, etc.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Two waiters,, city, $45. ...
WANTED — Boy. fourteen or fifteen years of
age to attend to errands and light office duties
by a large manufacturing concern; must
be neat, obliging and intelligent: reside with
parents, and furnish satisfactory references*
as to honesty and- respectability. Address
/'Errands,", box ,3508, Call office.
WANTED— Honest man with $250 cash; du-
ties, tend cash counter in restaurant; no ex-
perience; $50 month and board. BROWN, .
1221 Market. st.V ¦ -
A GOOD experienced man in real estate busi-
ness; some booking; ¦; reference required;
good salary to right party. Address box
2393, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Boy about fourteen for errands
and office work; must be active and relia-
ble. EASTMAN KODAK CO., . 643 Market.
WANTED — Boy \ to strip tobacco and learn
cigar-making; boy. with experience pre-
ferred. 10 Seventh st. .
"A — STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month. Apply 209, Kearny si., room 1.
WANTED— Cash boy, between thirteen* and
fifteen years of age. Apply at HALE BROS'.
COBBLER; . steady job for' right man. 1320
Park St., Alameda.
WANTED— Cook at 330 Main St.; wages $20
per month. .. • .
BARBER for Wednesday evening and Saturday
and Sunday; steady. ¦ 1308 Howard st.
GOOD barber wanted, with certificate. 664 Vi
Mission st. . . ."
BARBER on commission. 532 Third st.
PLUMBERS' helpers wanted. Apply 1711
Polk St. . j . ¦'¦-¦¦-.¦ J^.«.
WANTED — A good waiter at 1201 Fillmore
' St., corner Turk. .
BARBER desires to buy barber shop with or
without baths. Box 3547, Call office..
BARBERSHOP Wanted — Good paying; 2 or 3
chairs. Address box 3534. Call office.
BARBERS— $150 will buy a good-paying shop.
¦ Address box 3549. Call office. . .
BARBERS, attention— $150 for a 1-chalr shop
, running over $25 per week. Box 3548, Call.
"WANTED — Experienced domestic' salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
BIG snap— Fine opening for man and wife with
$190; restaurant; receipts $10 day; living
rooms. BROWN. 1221 Market st. ¦
WANTED — Reliable young man with $100 to
'• $175;cash; $15. week; steady \ place; -no ex-
perience. : If- you have . the cash- apply
BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st. _ &.;<¦•&¦;
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
i to apply for two months' extra pay, I due un-
; der-a decision of the U. S. Court'of Claims.
¦ CHAS. and WM. B. KING, "
. , , x 344 Phelan building.
WANTED— A boy who lives with his parents
r to assist : in office work in wholesale house;
6J . must be a g;ood, quick penman and correct
"at figures; state age and references when
making application. . Box 3509, Call office.
WANTED— Recruits , for ¦ the marine corps, U.
:S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
, character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet '4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; . able to • speak and. read • English. For
further, information apply -at the Recruiting
•-.Office,: 40 Ellis st., San . Francisco.
WANTED— Gentlemen of good appearance who
¦ are good talkers to represent our. company in
.. Oakland, ' San Jose -'and San Francisco.. 810
.'Market St.; .room 45, -9, a.m. to 12. i,:'
LIFE chance for a sober,' steady,' trustworthy
young man as partner in groceries, fruit, veg-
; etables," candies, nuts. :• cigars and tobacco
" store: best, location In Oakland,-' $375 > re-
. quired: positively a bargain to suitable par-
ty. .;775 Washington '¦ St., cor. 5th, Oakland.
WANTED— Ax competent." qualified shoe trav-
eler ¦ for " Northern I California , and t, Southern
; Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
¦ • rltory; state salary and where employed. Box
; 2279. • Call of flee. ,. >
WANTED— Laborers ' and I mechanics to know
that, Ed Rolkin. /Reno House proprietor, still
. runs ".Denver House,- 217 , Third st. ; 150 large
. • rooms; 25c per night ;. $1 to $2 per week.
MEN -v to '' learn ; barber" trade:' barbers -in de-
,'. ,mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
. catalogue free. • MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. , •- ; :
WANTED— Men to -learn barber traded eight
V weeks;; tools : donated ; situation guaranteed;
catalogue' mailed- free;' discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College.; Los -Angeles. Cal.
FOR SALE— Two 'chalf barber shop. $150: pay*
:$30 week. 394 Sixth st. -
MINES AND MINING.
THE MONTEZUMA MIMING COMPANY /
rHE MONTEZUMA MINING COAl£ANY .
rHE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY'
Of WASHINGTON.
SHARES ADVANCE FEBRUARY 10TH
SHARES ADVANCE FEBRUARY 10TH
SHARES ADVANCE FEBRUARY lorH
To 32c cash or 37c on installment*.
March 10th there will be another advance,
and the Companey has decided to make tne
price
APRIL 1ST — FIFTY CENTS A SHARE.
APRIL 1ST— FIFTY CENTS A SHARE.
. APRIL 1ST— FIFTY CENTS A SHARE.
Shares are now 20c cash or 32c on Install-
ments. Obviously money 13 to be saved la
buying now.
WHY THE ADVANCE IS MADE.
WHY TUB ADVANCE IS MADE.
WHY THE ADVANCE IS MADE.
The following letter Irom the Montezuma
Mining Company gives good reasons for tna
advance in prices of shares:
"MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY.
"TACOMA. Wash., Dec. 14, l'JOl.
"The American Guarantee & Trust Co..
"32S Montgomery street.
'"San i-'rancisco. Calif.
"Gentlemen:
"We beg to announce that on April 1st,
1902. the shares or the Montezuma Mining
Company will be advanced to 50 cents, pay-
ment in all cases cash. No installment con-
tracts will be authorized or accepted by the
Company upon any terms after the date
aforementioned. Meanwhile, a regular
monthly rise in values, to be duly an-.'
nounced. will be made until April 1st. Our
agents are asked to note these fact3 and
govern themselves accordingly.
"It has all along been confidently asserted
by the management that the shares of tha
Montezuma Mining Company -have been,
quoted far below their actual values. The;
Increased prices, named above, are the best
guarantee that we can give of our faith in th«
above, dictum often repeated to ourrfgenta.
The Company is now quite beyond the devel-
opment stage. It has the means requisite to
place its mining operations upon a paying
basis, aa we believe. Of course, this state-
ment does not Include the larger plans of tha
Company, embracing the erection of coal
bunkers at Seattle. Tacoma and San Fran-
cisco, and coke ovens at the latter point;
Improvements that must. If they are made,
come through additional sales of stock It
is enough, for the present to say that by
April 1st the improvements the company
now have in hand will be complete and upoa
an eminently profitable basis.
".It our hopes are realized, as we hav»
every confidence they . will be, our shares
after . April 1st will be sought after at a
price much beyond the figure we have
named. This Is the argument and reason
for the sharp advance in price, named above.
'Our agents are asked to be guided strictly
by the facts. Monthly price notices will be
Issued as usual, and the monthly letter of
the president will give yourselves and clients
full Information as to the progress made la
the several enterprises in which the Com-
pany is interested.
"Yours faithfully.
MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANT.
e. m. a.
SHARES MAY SOON BE WITHDRAWN.
SHARES MAY SOON BE WITHDRAWN.
SHARES MAY SOON BE WITHDRAWN.
A letter Just received from the Company
says money is coming in rapidly, and that
eome of the Directors favor the early with-
drawal' of shares from the martcet.
We ask our correspondents to govern them-
selves accordingly. We know these shares
to be, for the price, the best on the market.
FOll PURE INVESTMENT.
FOR PURE INVESTMENT.
FOR PURE INVESTMENT.
' Those of our friends and others who are
familiar with the progress of Mcntezuma
matters, and who cannot afford to pay cashi
for any considerable quantity of shares, are
Invited to write us for easy installment
terms that make it possible for them, by
the expenditure of a few dollars monthly,
to secure a goodly holding of shares that
are payinz regular quarterly dividends of
increasing amount. Prospectus and fullest
possible information on application.
RELIABLE NEWS FROM THE MINES.
RELIABLE NEWS FROM THE MINES.
RELIABLE NEWS FROM THE MINES.
The Washlneton "Journal of Mining"
publishes interesting news of our mines and
others of the district, as follows:
"In the year 1901 all records have been
broken in regard to the amount of devel-
opment work done In mines. Especially i3
this true of the development of copper, gold.
silver and coal properties, which has taken
place In. the Carbon River Mining District
and the Tahoma Mininsr District. In th~
Carbcn River Minin? District a location has
been made for a railroad running from Mon-
tezuma to the Surprise mines, the Chicago
group, belongins to the Montezuma Mining
Company, the Leola mines and the Copper
King mines, that will benefit a score of
other properties on which work is be!n*
done. The right of way of this road through
the forest reserve has been granted by tha
Government to the Washington Co-opera-
tive Mining Syndicate. The tunnel of tho
Leolxk* lllnlnc Company. ' 725 feet long, has
" been leased to the Washington Co-operative
Mining Syndicate, who have Installed com-
pressed air machinery, and have let a eon-
tract for 400 feet of entry which Is to. con-
nect thia tunnel "with their Surprise group of
veins at a perpendicular depth of 300 feat
below their present 'working. This tunnel i9
being pushed by night and day shifts and
will soon cross the mother lode, which in
turn will tap the Surprise and Gulley veins,
thus putting in sight an immense quantity
of ore.
" . • "The Copper King group cf mines is sit-
uated north of the Surprise group. This com-
pany, during the present season, extended
the trails to the location at which they are
developing the ore, and have erected houses,
stables and other necessary quarters, and
will undoubtedly make a great showing dur-
ing the coming year.
••In the Tahoma. District a great deal of
money has been expended by the Montezuma
Mining Company and the Washington Co-
operative Mining Syndicate in perfecting a
first-class trail to their mines situated on
the Mowlch River, fifteen miles from Monte-
zuma. The Montezuma Mining Company
has installed on the Tahoma. group of mines
a compressed air plant, which was attended
with a great deal of difficulty, as the lum-
ber all had to be whipsawed from Alaska
cedar at a high altitude, and the machinery
had to be packed in, and some portions
which -were heavy snaked In over the trail.
but the plant is now running and develop-
ment work will be very rapid. This com-
pany has already driven 250 feet of entry on
the large veins of chalcopyrite ore. and they
are now runninsr another on the same rein
150 feet below the first entry. As their ore
In the upper entry ran from six to seven-
teen feet -wide, with values ranging from
?25 to $125 per ton, this lower entry will
put in sight by spring a vast quantity of
ore which beyond question will warrant the
building of an electric railroad for its
transportation. .
•The Montezuma Mining Company are
opening a. largo cpal mine at Montezuma.
and are shipping coal. The coal measures
they are developing are geologically the old-
est that have been developed in the State,
an* a test of this coal made by the quar-
termaster general of the United States Army
shows that It is the best coal mined either
In "Washlneton or British Columbia. This
company is installing a plant of one hundred
coke ovens. The Northwest Improvement
Company are opening large mines three miles
down the Carbon River from Montezuma and
are already shipping coal; they. too. ara
erecting a large number of coke ovens. At
Fairfax, the "Western American Company-
have increased their Dlant of coke ovens
during the year to sixty-five. The Carbon
Coal Comoany of. Carbonado have erected
seventy-five coke ovens. The Wilkinson Coal
Company of Wilkeson have erected fifty ad-
ditional ovens, which will give them 100.
"As a. summary, the mining interests of
Pierce County have been fully doubled dur-
ing the present year."
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINTNO SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
The CocDer King group referred 1 to 1s
traversed its entire north and south dimen-
sions by the ble "Surprise" vein of copper.
¦ gold and silver. Shares of the . Company
find a ready sale with us. The price is 5c
cash and ¦ 6c on installmenta for ¦ a short
. Cle " MONEY-MAKERS.
MONTSY-MAKERS.
MONEY-MAKERS.
These rich Washington mines will make (
money for the holders' of their shares. Thou-
sands of Callfomians are Interested In them.'
The reader will find It "worth hla while to
call at our office ' for examination of maps,
photographs, specimens of ore. coal and
coke. Write ; if you cannot call. Address
' the selling: arents.
The AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO
323 Montgomery st..
San Francisco, Calif.
A COMPANY, duly incorporated and owning a
gravel proposition of exceptional merit, will
dispose of a portion of its treasury stock at
BOc per share in block3 of BOO shares or mul-
tiples thereof.
The company owns and controU many miles
of ancient- river channels and gravel claims
carrying gold of high assays, both in quanti-
ty and fineness. Address for Interview.
"Miner," care Palace Hotel.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner b!g.. S.
- F. ; branch office. Nome. Alaska, stfascn 1902.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
postage paid.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN- wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for Ii3t. Mrs. Hertz. 706 El»».
' MATTRESSES AM) PILLOWS.
TO: order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work sruar-
• anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st. : tel. Bush 421.
SEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. lato of New Yorte,-
' has permanently -located at 607 ¦ Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phono Pali W21.HOTEL "ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W. ' P Anderson,' Salinas
N . Adams,' : Salinas .-
H M • Barry,'; La/ .-•.
Wm -, H Sater, Iowa .-$
E Lamb *8ULoul3 •.*",*,"
Geo i Ft Murclv Minn •
J ; F ; Feenan. * Mexi so ' -
D;Goldey, San: Jose;
C f D Levlrlng, wf . & 3
chl., O T :.:..
L C Fensholdt, . Portld
Thos.Jobe, Portland
Chas Allen, ' Seattle '
Thos ' Woelfal, Ohio
Frank Shasen.' Ohio ¦ -
W M Young. Salt Lk
Z E Buckner,; S Rosa - :
B - Emerson V
Jas ¦ Neeley,- Colorado - '
J H • Lyon, , Lake - Park
Short in His Accounts.
E. C. Chase, baker,' 1923,Flllmore street,
swore to -three complaints in- Judge Ca
baniss' court yesterday, for , the arrest of
Harry - Hedrick ; on the charge of misde
meanor embezzlement. '. Hedrick i was ; col
lector "for. Chase,, who alleges that; he is
short • in^ his accounts; to the* extent of
about 5300: ' ""^^SaKwffiRSH
Alfred H.Mellor, 1516 O'Farrell . street,
the speculator! and money lender, who
was tricked out of $1500 at faro in a room
In thel Palace ' Hotel -January 2, swore to
a complaint in Judge Cabanisa* court yes
terday for the arrest 'of • "Patsy VxCarroli;
Edward > Sutton . and t Martin . J. ; Iiane on
the ", charge ¦ of '¦ playing ; and dealing : faro.
They were previously charged with visit
ing a * room > containing gambling instru
ments, but the cases were dismissed, as
the ordinance -had been: declared ', Illegal.
Lane : and Sutton ; have ¦ been . held to an
swer for Brand larceny. ¦' ;
Warrant for Faro-Players.
: Divorces were j granted ¦' yesterday to
Charles S. ! Hoffman from Hattie S. Hoff
man for desertion.* Dorothy from
Joseph , Buckley for willful neglect and
Norman Chatfleld- from Flora Chatnelu
for; desertion. - .
Suits ' for divorce : were filed yesterday
by Volma . M. Eddinger ; against Charles
W. Eddinger for desertion, Julia L. Den
well - gainst Joseph H. Denwell for deser
tion, L. H: . Orr against- Florence E. Orr
for > cruelty -; and -May * Daigneau ¦ against
George Daigneau for failure to provide.
Judge Hebbard refused to grant Stella
Derrick a divorce from F. W. Derrick
yesterday. She claimed her husband, who
is deaf, treated her cruelly. A short time
after Judge Hebbard refuged to separate
the c couple Mrs. Derrick filed . another
complaint. In which - she; specified many
acts. of cruelty, alleged to have been.com
mitted by her husband. Derrick is a
veterinary surgeon. - % .
Nellie L. - Donigan, wif e of John Doni
gan, who is better known as "Lee John
son," song writer, secured a divorce yes
terday • on the ground of extreme cruelty.
The . decree was granted by Judge SIoss.
Mrs: Donigan was -awarded, the custody
of .the minor child and Donigan was.or
dered to pay his wife $25 a month alimony.
Is Given Alimony and Custody
, -\ ' of Child. . •
Wife of "Lee Johnson," Song-Writer,
MRS. NELLIE DONIGAN
IS GRANTED A DIVORCE
, "Udell's protest hardly seems to require
any attention. ' It is unnecessary to dem
onstrate that rights- to water filed upon
by Mr. Phelan, as a private. citizen, are
being protected by working on oanal con
struction with due diligence,' because the
laws of' this State clearly, give the right
to any person to divert' from any stream
any water. which he turns into v the same.
It is not proposed to interfere with any
rights that may have been acquired by
anyone to the natural flow of the water.
Mr. Phelan holds himself in readiness to
execute .whatever papers . may be neces
sary to protect the interests of this city
in the reservoir, rights * of .way that have
f>een applied for in his name."
City Engineer Grunsky submitted a
communication yesterday to the Board of
Public Works relative to the protest of
Alva Udell filed with the Department ot
the Interior against the application .of
James D. Phelan for reservoir rights at
Lake Eleanor and on Tuolumne River at
Hetch Hetchy Valley. The communica
tion says: . ' . ¦ *
on Tuolumne Elver Will Be
. Protected.
City Engineer Says Interests of City
QUESTIONS J. D. PEDELAN'S
BESERVOnt WATER BIGHTS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 21 — t p. m.
Alpha ....... — 01 (Justice 05 Ott
Alta 05 07 Kentuck ..... 01 0-J
Andes — 01 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher 00 10 Mexican SO 3t
Best & Belch. 10 11 Occidental ... OS tw
Bullion 03 03J Ophir 82 8::
Caledonia ... 24 2C | Overman .... 11 12
Challenge Con 11 13iPotoal 15 Iti
Chollar^ 13 14lSavage 06 07
Confidence ... 60 62 1 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Seg Belcher. . 03 ai
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nevad. 2O 2t
Con New Yrk — 01 Silver Hill . . 44 4«
Crown Point.. 07 00 St Louis .... 05 % —
Eureka Con.. 20 -— Standard- ....3 25 3 40
Exchequer .. — C2 Syndicate 06 07
Gould & Cury 06 OS Union Con ..12 14
Hale- & Nor. . 36 37 Utah 04 05
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket 07 03
The following officers and standing com
mittees were elected for the year:
President, George Aimer Newhall; first vice
president, Edward R. Dimond; second vice
president, "William E. Mighell. .
Trustees— C. H. Bentley, W. J. Dutton, A.
B. Field, William L. Gerstle. Rufus P. Jen
nings, William H. Marston, George W. Mc-
Near Jr., James Otis, Henry Rosenfeld, James
B. Smith, A. G. Towne and Charles M. Yates.
¦Finance — E. R. Dimond. • Charles M. Yates
and James Otis. - _
- Library— A. G. Towne, William L. Gerstle
and James B. Smith.
Membership — Charles M. Yates, James B.
Smith and Rufus P. Jennings.
Arbitration — Henry Roscnfeld. A. B. Field,
George W. McNear Jr.. William E. Mighell
and C. H. Bentley.- "- .
Appeals — William L. Gerstle, James Otis
and William J. Dutton.
- Foreign commerce and revenue laws — A. ,B.
Field,' C. H. Bentley and Rufus P. Jennings.
Internal trade and improvements — W.- J.
Dutton.. William H. Marston and A. a.
Towne.
Harbor and shlppicar— William H. Marston,
Henry Rosenf eld and William E. Mighell.
Reception and entertainment — Rufus P. Jen
nings, Charles M. Yates and George W. Mc
near Jr. • — i '
. Secretary, treasurer and librarian — E. Scott.
Officers and Committees Sleeted.
October seems to -have been the most pros
perous month, as the export business for that
month amounted to nearly $6,000,000.
Two hundred and one grain cargooes were
cleared during the year. Real estate to the
value of over $29,000,000 has changed- hands
during the year. The assessed valuation of
real estate and improvements in San Fran
cisco Is over $2S9.0OO.0O(X The assessed valu
ation of personal property is over) $S5,0CO,0O0.
The total assessed valuation of all kinds of
property in San Francisco in 1901 was $413,
338.420. The total Indebtedness of the city
and county of San Francisco was $250,000.
For many years Great Britain has been our
best customer for wheat and still continues,
as she has taken 7,000,000 centals during the
year. Our products still continue to increase
in value. The gold production for the year was
over $13,0CO.0C»>— silver over $1,000,000. Our
wheat crop amounted to over 30,000.000 bush
sis, valued at something over $18,000,000. Our
barley crops exceeded' 20,000.000 bushels and
were valued at over $7,500,000. The salmon
pack of the Pacific Coast was the largest on
record, being 5.043,000 cases. Dairy products
of the State were large and exceeded in valu
ation some $15,000,000. - The wool clip for the
year exceeded 15,000,000 pounds. The decidu
ous fruit shipped east by rail exceeds 60OO
carloads. The orange crop being another of
the largest crops for many years, exceeded
21,000 cars. The lemon crop amounted to
about 3Q00 cars.
The "State has over 29,000,000 fruit trees,
about two-thirds of which are in full bearing.
The greatest portion of these trees — some
20.000,000— are in the northern half of the
State. Our bean crop has also been very suc
«ssrul, amounting to 54.000.000 pounds. The
rTtsln crop amounted to 72,000,000 pounds. The
prune crop amounted to 70,000,000 pounds.
Our wines ttnd brandies amounted to about
8,000,000 gallons. The fuel oil . production
showed 9.C00.C00 barrels. The sugar produc
tion is 80,000 tons, and as for walnuts,
peaches. ' apricots, apples,' pears, plums, flgs,
hops and other products the results have been
equally . satisfactory.
Great Showing Made in October.
The Chamber of Commerce held it3 an
nual meeting- yesterday and the reports
of the president, George A. Newhall, an<l
Secretary E. Scott were read and adopted.
Referring to a direct steamship line with
the Philippine Islands and the stand taken
by the Secretary of War in advising the
sale of transports and encouraging^ the
establishment of a private steamship line
between the United States and the Philip
pines', President Newhall states in his re
port that It would be better for the com
mercial interests to maintain transports
under- Government management until the
withdrawal of the troops from the islands
than to supplement the transport service
with private lines that should have a cer
tain percentage of freight guaranteed to
them by the Government.
The report shows the following work
done during the year: The naming of a
first class cruiser the California; the ac
complishment of the China basin leaso;
the appropriation of $90,000 for a relief
lightship; the successful- protest against
the movement of the United States trans
port service from the port of San Fran
cisco; the reduction of tariff on flour from
75 cents to 4Q cents per hundred kilos and
material reduction made in canned goods;
the promisa, of the Government to estab
lish wireless telegraphy between the-Far
allon Islands and the mainland; indorse
ment of the metric system of weights
and measures; -petition to the Secretary
of War to establish at least one of the
military instruction camps In California,
and consideration and propositions on
many other matters connected with the
welfare of the city and State. The fol
lowing statistics show that the business
of the city and State has been Improved
"by leaps and bounds." The report says:
Prosperity Reigns Throughout State.
Our savings banks are overcrowded with
money and loans • have been made as low
as 5% per cent gross— the lowest rate ever
known in this city. Our city has seventeen
commercial bank3 with resources of over
$87,000^)00 and deposits aggregating over
S50,0OO,lHX). We have also nine savings bants
with resources of over $139,000,000 and deposits
aggregating $128,000,000. Our banka gained
$20,000,000 in resources during the year. The
bank clearances for 1901 were over $1,000,000,
000—an increase over l'JOO of about f 14i>,000,000.
The month of October was the banner month,
showing clearances of over $118,000,000. The
clearance for December 31. l'JOl. was $7,000,000
—the greatest for any one day , on record.
These figures do not include the five national
banks in San Francisco. «_ '
The State has forty-two national banks with,
resources of over $75,000,000. Five of these
banks are in San Francisco and represent
nearly half of this total. The city savings
banks have I increased their deposits some
f'J.OCO.OGO during the year.* The total amount
of dividends paid out by corporations listed
on the San Francisco Stock and Bonk Ex
change was $11.U75,359. The United States
customs collections - for the year were over
$t500,000 per month. The total exports ot mer
chandise by sea were over $40,000,000 and the
total Imports of merchandise by sea for the
year were over $3«, 000,000, showing an excess
of our exports over our imports of $4,000,tAJO.
Our Hawaiian trade amounts to over $1,000,000
per month, and if it was included in the ota
tlstlcs of the port,- as in former years, it
would make a larger showing for exports of
the port than any in the history of the city.
Savings Banks Overflowing
and Exports Steadily
Chamber of Commerce
Report Presents In-
teresting Figures..
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch II 100 Mexican 31
200 Chollar II 200 Ophir St
10<» Con C & V.I 37% 450 Potosl 15
20O Confidence ... 6o 30O Sierra Nevad. 2O
300 Gould & Cury 07 50 Yellow Jacket CU
200 Hale & Nor.. 30
500 Best & Belch 11 200 Oph!r ....... ST
500 Con Val & V.I 40 200 Ophlr hft
200 Hale & Nor.. 33 200 Ophir S3
300 Mexican 31
Morning Session,
The following were the sales on the FacSflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 10 1 1000 Hale & Nor.. 34
100 Best & Belch 11 400 Potosi 15
200 Chollar 13 200 Yellow Jacket W
100 Hale & Nor. . S5
The following were the sales on the San^
Francisco Stcck and Exchange Board yester
day:
v Morning Session.
100 Chollar Ui 700 Potosl 18
200 Con Cal & V.I *> 400 Silver Hill ... 4J
200 Ophlr i>7i
MINING STOCKS.
BUSINESS WORLD
ENJOYS A BOOM
Continued from Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SATS FRANCISC6 CALL, ;;;WEpNESpAY;^ JANTJAIIY> : 22, 1902.
13
PERSONALS— Continued.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vlda Company. 763
. Valencia st.. cor. Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics* Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter at.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLINQ. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter ;tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. 1002% Dolores st.
JEWELRY for Bale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand, 120. Kearny St.. rm.29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 7S3 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the beet corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair tn Itw natural color: *1 : at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
A— DrToLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.: hours 10 to 8.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL-f-Offlce and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; eee
testimonials at office, llfi-117 3flason.nr.EHlg.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS^
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE CITY 7OR SALE.
TUESDAY January 28, 1902
At our salesroom. No. 638 Market st.,
at 12 o'clock noon.
HARRISON-ST. INVESTMENT. .
Northwest corner (1122 and 1124) Harrison
and (136-136%) Langton sts.; 2 stores and bake
oven: 8 flats and a house of 11 rooms and
bath; all in splendid condition and always
rented; pays $2052 per annum; this is a gilt-
edge investment . which pays big Interest and
will surely increase in value; lot S5xS0 feet.
.MISSION BUILDING LOT^~
Northeast corner of Noe and Liberty sts.;
sunny corner lot close, to Castro-st. cars in
a choice residence district; corner lot 50x105
feet.
MADISON-AVE. INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (No. 15) Madison ave., 275
feet southeast of Harrison St.; 2 well built
flats of 5 rooms each, renting for $1S per
month; lot 22:6xS0 feet.
EIGHTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northeast side of Eighth et., 105 feet north-
west of Harrison; a fine lot suitable for store
and flats; lot 2Ox€5 feet.
"WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
Southwest* corner of McAllister st. and
Parker ave.; handsome lot ready for build-
ing in a rapidly growing neighborhood; over-
looking the Golden Gate Park: a desirable lot
for a builder to erect flats on; lot 52:3%xl00.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (Nos. (124 and 126) Juniper
St.. 250 feet southeast of Harrison; 4 well
built flats of 3 rooms each; rents $40 per
month; these flats are always rented and are a
safe, sure investment; lot
MISSION-ST. PROPERTY.
East side of Mission St.. 100 feet south of
West ave.; etore and lot 50x100 feet; rents
$12 p=r month; also lot adjoining. 25x100 feet;
street bituminized and electric cars pass the
doors. '
BERNAL HEIGHTS UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
East side of Cherubusco ave., 50 feet south
of Coso st.; 2 lots 25x70 feet each; east side
of Cherubusco ave.. 425 feet south of Esmer-
! alda st. ; 2 lots 25x70 feet each, and west side
i of North ave.. 105 feet south of Esmeralda
; ave. These lots are only 2 blocks from the
j Mission and Valencia-st. cars.
POTRERO-AVE. LOTS.
West side of Potrero ave.. 250 feet north of
Helena et.; lots 91. 92, 03. 94, 95, Silver Ter-
race Homestead; fine lots; only 1 block from
electric cars; 25x100 each.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS. :
; Southeast corner Mission road and Oliver
St.: 5 . level lots ready for building; only 3
minutes' . walk from the electric cars and
Ocean View station; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions; lot 128x90 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
" . C3S Market et.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C38 Market Street.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
ALL BARGAINS. ALL PAY BIG INTEREST.
IN BEST PORTION OF THE CITY.
?14,000 — Three modern new flats of 7 rooms and
bath; on the north side of Page st.,
near Buchanan; rents $1500 per an-
num; lot 27:0x120 feet through to
Lily ave.
$S500 — Two new modern flats of 6-7 rooms and
bath; north side of -Sutter St., near
Fillmcre; concrete bulkhead; rents $75
per month. "
$11,500 — Rents $1440 per annum; 3 flats. . 6-7
rooms and bath; new, modern and up
to date; north side of Page st., near
park panhandle; lot 25x137:6 feet.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
$10,500 — Three sunny up-to-date flats, 7 rooms
and bath each; sunny side of street;
near Golden Gate Park; will be com-
pleted In 15 days; rents $1200 per an-
, num; 25x106.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
$4,000 — Two new elegant flats. 4-5 rooms and
bath; Just finished and very modern;
renting for $25 per month; near 18th
and Castro su.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
?1G,000 — Fine large elegant residence, 12 rooms
and 2 baths and finished basement;
everything modern and in first-class
condition; north tide of street; key
lot; plenty of sun and light; facing
Jefferson square; an ideal home; large
lot 44:0x120 feet.
CHOICEST CORNER IN PARK DISTRICT.
$20,000 — Southeast corner of Oak and Stanyan
sts.; 100x100.
?8,C00— West line of Devisadero «t., near Ful-
ton; large Jot 55x137 :6 feet.
$1,»00 — Fine building lot; west- line of Devisa-
dero st., between 13th and Waller; lot
25x125 feet.' i
{1,250— North line of 22d St., near Florida;
20x104 feet.
$950— South line of Golden Gate ave., near
Masonic; 23x100.
9 ?550— South line of 27th St., near Noe; lot
25x114.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
i 638 Market st.
LOT on Langton St., near Harrison, 25x80, at
a bargain. DONNELLY CO., C32 Market.
FOR sale — 6-room house, with garden and
stone walks. 1919 Oak St., facing Park.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISC(>^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly ; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big rroney; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. C Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $2000— Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot,
on the sunny side of street; street work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SON, real estate. Berkeley station.
$2000— HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
one block from station: lot 50x110; terms to
sultr Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SNYDER, 407 Ninth St.,
or branch offlce. Adeline station, Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE, REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity* 200x130 fe«t, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins at. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of « rooms: stable, chicken-house, pig-
con ccte, etc.; ornamental grounds; . fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour t from S. >F.; rent $35 a month;, price
$4000. Apply J; R. FREUD. Mills' building,
4 or, H. A. PLEITNER. i Frultvale Station.
\ MONEY TO LOAX.
ra:HMAN~MlJRPH Y^" 603 Examiner building"
i, $4,600,000 at loweet rates
. ...'... on first and second mortgages
......... Life Interests In estates .-.
Property being held in trust
Undivided interest* in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and elzes..
•. If You Need Money
BEE HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner bl». •
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ~~
$300,000 at t>V, & 6 per cent In gums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life inaurar?e and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
MATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. '
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate. .
Mortgages andMegacles bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery 6t.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture, piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 2tt Montgomery et., op-
posite Lick House.
. MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603. ' r r .~,- ;¦
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market et. ; tel. Main 1644. - Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow -money on diamonds
jewelry, pianos and 6ealEklns. Columbia Losn
Offlce. 8 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black 5471.
LOWEST rates . on furniture, etc.. • by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or platios; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; loweet interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room CS.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exch.. 431 Cal.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery ft., r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
movaL Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
110 ud on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St Ann's bldg.. C Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commis.; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLE Y CO.. 221 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal; I
strictly prU-ate. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
.' buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome Et.
ON salaries without Indcrser; other proposi-
tions S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Easterp
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldi.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN* we remind you that our piano stock!
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
¦pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth et., Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON" MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos. — '
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post .St.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS — "
Second -hand upright pianos from 555 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ St.
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent ?2 up, credited if purchased;
installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up in Steinways. Heine.
Chlckering. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary et-
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $S5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Stelnway
square, tlOO: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275 : Bech- i
ctein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS & :
gON. 23 Fifth ft.: IVERS & POND. Agents. '
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years ar.d full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHI.ER & CHASE. 30 Q'Farrell
ft.: dfctabllEhed 1850.
"VTE have pianos to show you during the spe-
cial tale of this month that will cost you
very little in comparison with their real
value: it is money in your pocket to take ad-
vantage of this offer. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MT.'EIC CO.. 7C3 Market et.
fl47 WILL buy a pood new piano during our
clearance rale at 033 Market Et.; second-hand
pianos. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values b«"st In the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
A— PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
rent, etore or tsell; no reasonable cash oJIer
refused. 217 Geary st.. room 36.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos: dirt
cheap. 'WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up;
easy parmtg. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Missr.
NEW piano sold at sacrifice; taken for debt.
__AppIy 108 Oak st.
100 NEW pianos $3 a month; money allowed on .
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable effer refused. 217 Geary st.
PRIVATE oarty will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedaI upright piano. 535 Ellis.
ETILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
UTS — A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Snoninger. Krhuhfrt and Ptelnway bargains.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. MC Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
EAN Benlto, San Luis Obispo and Monterey
County oil lands for gale cheap; developed
oil near; <j miles of McKittrick. For partlcu-
lars address box 3523. Call office. •
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels bniltflnr. »27 Market St.— Of-
ficea with modern conveniences, ?13 to $23.
ASHTOX & GARDINER.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2v:«.
H. JEROME FOPELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVED— LadlesT don't lock old; Dr N. De
I 6AVOYBKY ot i'aris, greatest authority on
leminine beauty, will meet you at La Verite
Parlors and Instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and beauty: after
years of study Is able to give electrical treat-
ment for deep wrmkles tnat excels anything
ever given in this country; electrolysis with
modern European method clears the face of
all blemishes without pain or scar; flesh re-
duced; no dieting: no exercise; phone How-
fcrd 1801. 1140 Market St.. opposite Hale' s.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
QIC; with these suits we make an extra pair
•f pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
taents. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
6t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to *6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY cuess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. 3. W. EVANS,
Domestic orflce, 10^1, Market gt.. near Sixth.
A— WilAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored ehirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerots
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth St., room
11; call after 7 p. m.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
etones, antique* and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, 118 Geary Bt. Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
I ONLY carry the best switches, free from
dyed hair. $1, $1 50; hair dressing, 25c. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. •
Xa — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O' Farrell ;send for circular.
A— MAY McMILLIN is at La Verite Parlors;
bairureesinr 25c. 1140 MUt.; tel. Howard 1S61.
OAKLAND jDVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY-
' . OAKLAND REAL K STATE. .
$1000— BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot-water boiler;
sunny, side, close to San Pablo ave. ; street
work all done, : including stone walks; ail
newly papered and painted. Address for
quick sale box 2378, Call office. Oakland.
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. . 1223 ,
Broadway, near Fifteenth st. ' . V
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY. lower flat.^8 large rooms; electric ser-
vlce throughout ; 2 coal and 1 gas grate ; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade . trees and
flowera; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington v and
Eighth sts.. come with 1 block. Call or
address 1653 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
BCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland. .-
ROOMS FO 5JJJ O J^ EK 55J^P < __
BELL, TheT~^773 Market — 2 housekeeping
rooms, gaa range. $12; single, $7. ¦
BIRCH ave., 615 — 3 rooms for housekeeping,
unfurnished; rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. Ninth— 2 or 3 front rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; cheap. ' ,
GOCGH, 115 — Sunny, handsome modern rooms ;
gas; bath; phone; $8. $13 and $20.
HOWARD, 1063— 2 sunny connecting rooms. |
completely furnished; running water; also
bay-window suite. ' ¦
: LEAVENWORTH, 1521 — 2- large rooms, fur-
vi nished or unfurnished, for housekeeping:
s - rent low. " ' ¦ , '
OAK, 119 — 2 parlors, gas, $15 50; large front
room. $10; sunny back room, $7; small front.
$0; 2 rooms, $12; all furnished for house-
keeping. ¦
SECOND, 212 — Hskpg rms.; clean; respectable;
Howard cars near; no children;- reasonable.
SILVER, 165,' near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. -¦ .
VAN NESS ave., 834 — 2 newly furn. large con-
necting rooms and kitchen; phone; reasble.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an*, subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia St.
ROOMS TO LET — -Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old Np. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished tunny «rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 1128 (Jefferson square) — Handsomely
furnished rooms; home privileges.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozatt) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 60 night; $1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 418 (The Plerpont)— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths. ~.- «
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GALT House. 120C Market st.— Furnished
rooms by day, week or month.
GEARY. 405 (The Navj^re) — Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Misslon^-
Famlly house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single: elevat.
{ KEARNY. 34, and 47 ' Post — Otflce or sunny
furnished rcoms. en- suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner 8tl» — Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 32C — Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite and other rooms, with all mod-
ern conveniences. ._ .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $l.o0; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator jit ground '
flooi ; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ;
POLK, 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. .. !
SHERMAN Apartment House, ! 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. -
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
THREE sunny. rooms complete for housekeep-'
Ing. 58 Erie st.. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth. Howard and Mission. , :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
I ¦ ,
I A 'BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has teen established at 1094
Valencia >t. -
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
THE Irvlngdale, 620 E-ldy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $00; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt- of Mission. 1070 Valencia
st. ; conservatories.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room, with
board; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van
Ness ave.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
. family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
beard; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Rppelier. 7S1 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Hi pages. In wrappar for mailing. $1 p?r year.
ItUl'Tl'RE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE — Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market st.,
and get cured: treatment free.
¦ i -
SI'KCIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901 to
January 1. 1902: Edna Dussure. 1 year «
months; Gertrude Westphiel, « years (J
months; Helen Westphiel, 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwin, 2 years 3 months; Charle3 Kat-
to. 4 years 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
li months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres, 3 years 6 months; Pauline
Hoxall, 6 years; Elsie Hoxall. 4 years; Kath-
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 0 years; Lotta Coalmann, (J years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 1.1 years; Will
Kllltin, 3 years 10 months; George Hllltin,
2 years; Alice Murry. 5 years 5 months; Ger-
tie Murry. 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo. 5 years ,1 month; Edmund
Munny, 5 years 11 months; Mary Carolina
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months ; K Thomas Donn,
5 years 2 months; Albena Gazano, 8 years '.)
months: Bernard Rose. 4 years 7 months;
Mary Vogelsange, \ 8 years; Ruble; Denny, 0
years; Florence Wall. 3 years; Mary Green,
5 years: Evalyn Segers, 2 years;. Mary
Weisen, 7 years 8 months : Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee. 5 years; Isabella Maguire,
10 • years : Benjamin Pacllla, , 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pacllla.. 3 years 7 months;
. Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith 8
S years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith, 4
years. ' "... -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41B Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
I pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124.. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 143 6th.
STORAGE AXJP Jt^REHOUSES.
PIEP.CE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving- Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. ,
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Howard 041. F, W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission stT*
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
SUPPLIES. "
GREAT. BARGAINS IN TYPEWnl?ERS^W^
sell. better machines for less money than any
. house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter*
Exchange, 53C California; telephone Main 2GG.'
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
:. : JJiyiDEXD NOTICES. V y i X
OFFICE of the /-Fireman's Fund S Insurance
Company. San Francisco, January 20, 1002
At a reculir meeting of the board of direc-
tors of ' this company, held this day, a dlvi-'
. dend ' was declared, payable ¦ on' and after
January 21, 1002. LOUIS WEINMANN' Sec
OCEAN TBAVEI* '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers leave Broadwty
fBik^ Wharf, San Francisco:
RjS^E&Fj^ " For Ketchlkan. Juneau,
D^MLl. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
, Eltf^?3SS^t m - Jan - "• 10 > 21 > 2(X 31 -
i ESraJvirel Vam Feb. 6. Change to company'*
! |jKtfr<V^Aa "earners at Seattle.
I P^Q£m?M!**& For Victoria. Vancouver.
*^ P° rt Totvnsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, New What-
com— 11 a. Td.?J&a. 11. 1«. 21. 26, 31. Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seatt!e or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humtoldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 12. 17, 22. 27. Feb. 1. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. rru
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a, m.
For Los Angeles, galling at Santa Cnia.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), *Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. -East San Pedro. Saa
Pedro and 'Newport <*Bonlta only).
Bonlta. 9 a. ncr-Jan. 2. 10. 18. 26. Feb. X "
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30. Fel>. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex)— 10 a. m.. 7tb of •acb
month.
For further Information obtain folder*.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ins dates.
TICKET OFFICE— * New Montgomery
rtreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Asr?nts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco,
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
TO
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
-A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60 including meals and berth for tba
round trlD on board the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7, March 7, April 7. Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada, Magdalena
Bay. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La
Paz Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $2O ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymaa
by rail. For further particu*rs inquire at
Ticket" Ofi^e. ¦* N« w Montgomery St.. or 10
Market st., S*n Francisco.
O. R & N* CO,
Only Stoamsblp Iiino to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Shop* Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point's. •»!' rt' 1 of stenm-ship nnd rail, at
LOWEST mVTIESS.
STEAMER TICS2T3 .NCLUD2 B£&Tfi and M2AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sail?
Jan. 13. 24; Feb. 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. IS, 2S; Feb. T, IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. S.F.
TOYO IISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR«
ner First and Bracnan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling ac
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No car;? received oar board oa
dry of ealllce.
SS. HONGKONG MARO..
Thursday, January 30th. 1903
S3. NIPPON MARU
.Tue*day, February 25th, 1303
SS. AMERICA MAKU
Friday. March 21st. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOPTIIAMPTON, LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul... Jan.SiSt. Paul Feb. 19
St Louis Feb. 5 St-'Louis. . . Feb. 26
Philadelphia ...Feb.. 12) Philadelphia ..Mar. S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Vaderland Jan. 2&1 Haverford Feb. 13
Kensington . . . .Feb. 51 Frlesland Feb. 28
Zeeland ...Feb. 12' Southwark ....Mar. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery uU
"PANAMA H. R, SF
TO NEW YORK Vtt PANAMA OlREOr.
Cabin, ?105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S.S. Argyll tali* Tuesday, dan. 23
S. S. Leelanaw tails Friday. Feb. 7
t>. S. Argyll Fail* Thursday. Mai*. 13
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Pasaensrer Offlce. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAV16AT10H CO,
And Gia Sud Americana rie Vaoorr,
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL ....Feb. 6 PALENA Feb. 28
GUATEMALA. .Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and | South American passenger service.
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHBIB & CO.. Gen Agents.
0Ce8BJ€S,S.l0, ssssss
SS. 'ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
• Saturday, Jan. 25, '02. X p. m.
S3. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.... Thurs., Feb. 6, 10 a. m.
1. 0.SP&CKELS k BEOS. CO., Gcwa, Uguats. 327 Harfai St
Gan'I Passaajjr 05a, 643 Vartet St. Pbr lo. ?, FacSe U
. 6ENSSALS TEAK3ATLASTI(jn3
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^^ t -_
Bailing every Thursday. Instead ei^gffi*%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from plsr 42,^3<HSe»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seeoat
- class to Havre. $45 and upward GENERA U
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson ¦ building). N«w
Tork. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, ft Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlck>t3 nolrt by all Ttntlroad Ticket- Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FoFuTIliA^
Steamer* GE1 -FRISBIS o: M0NTIC3LL)
U;45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. l>:45 a. m., 8:30 p. in. Leave*
Vallejo • a. m.. 12 :30 aocn, Q p. n:., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. re., 4:13 p. m. Ml
cents. Telephone Main 1308. . landing az>4
offlce. tier a. ills»loa -*tree: 4oc<. H ATCM
V MARRIAGE LICENSiES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . ' ' • 1 -.
Charles D. McGettigan, .28, city, and Fran-
cesca C. Vallejo, ' 25, Vallejo. - , - , :
Ward W. ' von Tillow, 24,- 321 Devisadero
street, and Lillian E.'Hill, 23, 706 Guerrero «t.
Willard H. Fry, 29, ' 01 Haight street, and
Martha F. L. Lee, 2% 3017 Sacramento street..
David Llndauer, 29, 445: Third street, and
Ellen - McGuire, 25, 161; Hawthorne street. •
Beckman B. Green, 24, Courtland, and Eliza-
beth R. Brown, 21. city. '
Thomas E. Gibson, 38, San Jose, and Vinnle
McMillen, . 27, San .Jose.. ... ; -^.... .
John T. .Whelan, 25, 749 Capp street, and
Mamie J. Hurley, i 21, 538 Utah street. .
Walter W. Ayres, SO, Hanford, and Gretchen
Bernett,' 26, Piedmont.
Nicholas Fitzgerald, 31. city, and Katie E.
Davock, 26, city. - . . .
Giovanni Lombardl, 23, 705 Greenwich street,
and Dora Quelrolo, 19, 2316 Maaon street.-
\ BIMS-MRm&ES^IIEM ' :
. Birth, marriage and ! death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. .They must be handed
in at either of the publication -offices and' be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have. the same published.
born v
BE ALE— In this city, January 10, 1902, to the
wife of William, J.-.'Bale. ;a son. , \
CARSON — In this city, January 16, 1902, to
the .wife' of Fred Carson, a son. -: .
FARMAN— In Oakland, Cal., * January 2, 1902,
to the wife of A. F. Farman, a son. ¦¦"•• v
FUGEL— In Oakland. Cal:. January 4, 1902,
to the wife of Peter Fugel, a daughter.
JENSEN — In Oakland. January 17, 1902, to
the wife of J. C. Jensen, a son.
MARRIED. ~~^~
GREEN— RAE-BROWN— In this city, January
21, 1902, by the Rev. Eugene H. Avery, Boyd
Beckman Green of Courtland; Sacramento
•County, and Elizabeth ,Rae-Brown of San
Francisco.
KNIEF— HELMS— In thiB city, January 18,
1902, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, George
. E. Knief and Adele Helms, both of San
Francisco.
_ - DIED r r~
Albersmeyer, Adolph Groth, Karaten H.
Ames, Maude V. . , Haushield, Harry
Blackwell, Mrs. C. Laurltzen, Hans
Brady. Thomas H. Leonard, Carl A.
Brash. Elizabeth E. McDonald, Annie R.
Cordes, W411iam H. : Miller, Jenannie A.
Dugan, Charles J. Morgan, Tina
Edwards, Margaret Mulane. Sarah
Epps, Charles Nelson, • Mary .
> Fay, Edward J. New, Frank
Feusler, Edward D. O'Day, Lillian
Fingler, Oscar J. Robinson, Eugene C.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. D. Ryan, Winnie
Fleischman, Anna- Schorcht, Johanna
belle L. . Tierney, Mary
Friederich, Gustav - Uhl. Felix
Goldberg, Charles Xg; Wolf, Rev. Father S.
Gorevan, Joseph T.J <_
ALBERSMEYER— In this city, January 21.
,1902, Adolph, beloved son of Mrs. Catharine
Albersmeyer of Bremen, and nephew of Mrs.
Adeiheid Heise of San Francisco, a native of
Bremen, Germany, aged 3tt years -8 months
and 21 days. . .
{CTFrlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock,; from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 11.17 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment-
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
I car from Eighth and Harrison streets.
AMES— In this city. January 21, 1902, at the
residence of her uncle, T. W. Brennan, . 1222
Laguna street, Maude V. Ames, a native of
San Francisco.
CTThe funeral will take place from the
above .residence to-morrow (Thursday), at 0
o'clock, thence to St. Mary's / Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. ¦¦ . ' - - ¦¦
BLACKWELL — In Oakland, at 1017 Madison
street, January 21, 1902, Mrs. Carrie Belle
i Blackwell, daughter of J. S. and Martha
Weaver of Racine, Wls., and niece of Mrs.
Caroline E. C. Norrls of Oakland, a native
of Ohio, aged 32 years. , . •
BRADY — In this city, ¦ January 21, 1902.'
Thomas H.', beloved husband of Margretta
M. Brady, a native of New York, N. Y.,
a red 49 years.
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter.
¦ BRASH— In Alameda, formerly of 1417 Benton
street, ' Alameda. Elizabeth E. Brash, a na-
tive of New York, aged 58 yeais v) months
and 1-i daj's.
CORDES— In this city, January 20, 1002, Wil-
liam II., dearly beloved husband of Maggie
Cordes, father of William H. Cordes Jr..
youngest son of Anna and the late • C. H.
Cordes, and brother of Henry Cordes, a na-
tive of Brooklyn.' N. Y., ased 45 years and
23 days. A member of Moss Lodge No. 257,
I. 0. O. F. (New York papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Thursday), at 1. o'clock; "from his late" resi-
dence, 157 Hickory avenue, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
for services. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. . - ".¦ ¦ .
DUGAN— In this city, January - 19, 1902,
Charles J., ¦ dearly beloved, and only son
of Jchn and Margaret Dugan, and Idolized
brother of Marie T., Loretta F. and Josle
Dugan, a native of San Francisco, aeed.28
¦ y^Ars D months and 18 days, t;
\y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at i):30 o'clock, from the
parents' residence, S3O Minnesota street,
thence to St.. Teresa's Church, where a re-
quiem hlKli mass" will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDS-rln' this city, January : 21, 1902,
Margaret, beloved daughter of Louis and
Catherine Edwards, a native of San Fran-
cl82o, ased 1 mqnth and. 20 days.
EPPS— In this city, January 21, l'J02, Charles
Epps, a native of New Orleans, aged 1)0
years. . . •
FAY— In this city, January 20. 1002. Edward
James, beloved eon of Michael and the late
Kllen Fay,* and brother of Stephen, William
J., George H., Annie and Thomas Fay, -Mrs.
E. J. Rutledse, Mrs. N. J. Dougherty, and
Mrs. J. Sullivan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 7 months and 8 days..
(C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),- at. 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 32C5" ¦ Mission street, • between
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth, thence to
St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a solemn; requiem .mass will
• be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at tt-o'clock. Interment Holy_Crcs3
Cemetery. .
FEUSIER— In this city, January 21, 19C2, Ed-
ward D.'-Feusier,' beloved husband of Phllo-
' mene Feusier, father of H. E.. C. Feusler,
and brother of Louis Feusler of Stockton, a
native of Brooklyn. N. Y., aged (j0 years 0
months and 24 days. . •
rr?-Frlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January itt, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from hia late
residence, 719 Green, street, thence to the
• Odd ¦ Fellows' Hall, where services will be
held at 2 o'clock, under the .auspices of
Templar Lodge No. 17, I. O. O. F. Please
omit flowers. ;
FINGLER — In Santa ¦ Barbara, January 20,
1002, Os:arJ.,: beloved husband of Eda Fln-
gler. father of Ruth and Edna .Fingler, son
of Mrs. -M. Fingler, and brother of Charles,
Willie and Eda . Fingler, a native of Ger-
many, ased 42 years. - ' . , . .
FITZGERALD— In Geneva, Ohio, January 14,
1902, Mrs. D. J. Fitzgerald, beloved sister of
Louis Mueller. ' ; '
FLEISCHMAN — In Oakland, January 20, 1902,'
at the residence of her parents, 911 Kirkharo
street, Annabelle Louise, dearly, beloved
daughter .of Charles and i Barbara ; Louise
Fleischman, and sister of Emily c. Fieisch-
man and the late Charles L. Fleischman, a
native of San FrancUco. aged 20 year& 0
•months and 13 days. - •
tCTFuneral «o-da" (Wednesday), January
22, : 1902. Interment private. Please omit
' flowers. ' . • . ' •
FRIEDERICH— In this city, January 20, 1902,
Gustav Friederich, beloved father of : Mrs.
William Hoelscher and. Alfred L., Beatrice
and Margaret Friederich. a native of Frank-
fort, Germany, aged 54 years and 8 months.
EJ"Frien<lP and acquaintances are : respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, i 1412 Washington street. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' ¦¦ Cemetery. Please omit
flower«. , ¦ ' -'¦¦¦
GOLDBERG— In this city, January 21, 1002,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flanhagan & Gallagher.) :
: \ : DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS - AND EMB ALMERS,
. J 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO..
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
BAN BRUNO HILLS. '
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET. -~
' J.' HKNDERSON. . Manager.'
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with ¦- McGinn Bros., has . opened
new -Funeral 1 Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones, j Telephone , South 576.
I NEW FIKM.OF, U.NDtirfTAKERiS.
i Samuel McFadden,-- 18 years manager for.
the -United Undertakers'^; Association; M. J."
McBrearty, ' with ¦ the i same ¦ company for IS
years; P..F. Green, late with J,- C. O'Con-
-nor &<Co., have opened new ¦ Funeral , Par-
•lors at 1171 Mission street; between Seventh
« _,and Eighth.': Telephone South 44.- . -
REMOVED!
' FUNERAL ! DIRECTORS r and . EMBALM-
- ERS, to 221 and 228 : McAllister st. , (For-
merly of Ml Eddy 'tt. Tel." South 2.12.) • -'
Charles Goldberg, a native of Denmark, aged
68 years.. ¦ .,.- : ¦ .' . . '. - :~;
GOREVAN— In -this city, January 19/1902.
.Joseph Thomas, beloved husband of the late
: Ella i Gorevan, - loving "father of John M:
. , Gorevan; and '.dearly ¦ beloved " son of James
and Mary Gorevan, and • brother - of James,
1 Ella. Anna and, Agnes Gorevan and Mrs.:
•'. Louis Vincent and- the late John, and Wil-
I :11am Gorevan, a native of San Francisco. -
' E?Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully : invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day morning, at 9 o'clock, from the residence
. of , his parents, 1825 . Clay street, thence | to
. St. BrletA's Church, Van ¦ Ness, avenue and
Broadway," .where a solemn requiem high
mass wlll.be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment
1 -Holy Cross Cemetery.' "• »•' '• V
GROTH— In this city. January 20. 1902* Kars-
ten Henry Groth, beloved brother of .David
Groth, . and uncle of Karsten William Groth,
a native of Holstein, Germany,' aged 69 years
. 1 month. and 18 days.- - v ,.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited "- to attend ¦ . the .. funeral . to-day
(Wednesday), . at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother, 1703 Webster street,
.corner ¦Sutter.' Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery... . ¦ . -
HAUSHIELD— In Alameda. Cal.. January 21.
1902, Harry, beloved husband of Wllhelmine
'Haushield, and brother-in-law of Wilhelm
and Johannes Sachau, a native of Strass-
•' burg-, Germany, aged 42 years 0 months and
e days. .¦• . ¦'¦¦. ;v
r cy Friends and acquaintances . and mem-
bers of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge No. 239. I. O.
O. F., are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
. from the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth, where
the • funeral . services will be held under the
auspices of Farnsworth Lodge No. 95, I. ' O.
O. F., and thence to Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, where the remains will be cremated.
LAURITZEN — On Wood Island. Sacramento
County, Monday, January 20, - Hans j Laurlt-
zen, beloved husband of Adelhlte Laurltzen,
and father of Robert, F. C, Harry, Andrew
and Chris Laurltzen and Mrs. B. Bundesen,.
;'a. native • of Denmark, aged 75 years 11
months and 20 days. . ... ¦•-. ¦'. ' . -¦
ICTFuneral to take place from the Congre-
gational Church,- Rio -'Vista, at 10 o'clock.
Thursday, , January -23.
LEONARD— In thi3 city, January 21," 1902,
Carl A., beloved husband of Minnie Lt Leon-
ard, son of Mrs. Helen:. G. Leonard and the
late --.V. M. Leonard, and brother of . F. W.
Leonard and Mrs. B. F. Basn«y, a. native of
Sacramento County, aged 45 yjars 10 months
• and" 5 days, j
IE?" The funeral will take place at Sacra-
mento Thursday, January 23, 1902, under the
i auspices of the Masonic Lodge.
MCDONALD— In thl» city, January 21, 1902.
at St. Joseph's Hospital, Annie R. McDonald,
daughter of the late James and Mary T. R.
McDonald, a native of San Francisco.
tn?"A requiem mass will be celebrated
¦ Thursday, at 9:30 o'cloek, at the chapel of
St. ¦ Joseph's- Hospital. - Interment • private. :
MILLER — In Oakland, at 668 Thlrty-flfth
street, January 21, 1902, Jenannie.A., wife
of Richard D. Miller, and mother of Mrs.
Grace E. McPhall and Harry W. Miller, a
native of Indiana, aged 67 years and 27 days.
MORGAN — In Eas t Oakland, January 18, 1902.
Tina Morgan, beloved wife of William A,
Morgan, and sister of Mrs. Orvllla 'Muscle-
man, Mrs. Samuel A. Byrne and Rev. Henry
Bowman, a" native of Missouri, aged 36 years
and 21 . days. ¦ ¦ • -
MULANE — In this city, January 20, 1902,
Sarah, beloved .wife of Christopher Mulane,
mother of Florence, Christopher and Annie
Mulane, daughter of Thomas and the late
Ann Kendragen, and sister of Thomas and
' James Kendraeen, a native of- San Fran-
cisco, - aged 2S years 8 months and 10 days.
NELSON — In Alameda, January 21, . 1902,
Mary, . beloved wife of Charles .Nelson, and
mother Of Mrs. J. W. Hartley and Charles
W. Nelson, aged 68 years 1 month and 1 day.
. . 0"Notlce of funeral hereafter. '
NEW— In this city, January 20, 1902. Frank
New, a native of Illinois, aged' 35 years 3
months ¦ and 23 days.
O'DAY— In thlB city, January 20, 1902, -Lil-
lian, dearly beloved wife of Robert O'Day, •
and lovinK daughter of Mrs. E. Lyons and
the late Henry Ryan, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. -Y. - . ¦ • •
B^The funeral will- take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3E0 Harriet street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a solemn requiem
; hleh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . •/
ROBINSON — In'- this city. January' 21, 1902,
• Eugene C. Robinson, beloved son ot Mahala
.' and the late; Andrew Robinson, and brother
of EmmaJ. and Walter C. Robinson, a na-
tive of Quincy, Plumas County, Cal., aged
36 years. . . > ' ;
. icy The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), • at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Hall. SOUS Mission street, near Twen-
ty-third, under the auspices of Mission Lodge
No. 1U9, F.- and A. M. Remains at the par-
¦' lors of Carew & English, 2!) Van Ness ave-
nue, until Thursday, at 12 o'clock m, thence
will be forwarded to Quincy, Plumas County,
by ti o'clock train. , . -" -•"
KYAN— In this city, January 20, 1902, Win-
nie, beloved daughter of Ann Ryan and the
late John Ryan, sister of William, Michael,
' Christopher and John Ryan, Mrs. H. Beaa-
ley and Mrs. George Fredrickson, and niece
-:of William Ryan, Mrs. James Nolan and the
• late Patrick Ryan, a native ,of Ban Fran-
; Cisco, aged 25 years, •: /
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are rcapect-
"fu'ly invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
:Jai>ufay 'S.i, 1902, from the residence of her
parents, 143 San Carlos avenue, at 8:30
o'clock, thence to Mission I)glore3 Church,
¦ corner of Sixteenth and Dolores streets, at a
o'clock, w Jure a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment Holy Crcs3 Cemetery.
SCHORCHT— In this city, January 19, 1902.
'Johanna, beloved wife of Frederick Schorcht,
• devoted mother of Valesca and Frederick
Schorcht, and aunt of Valesca Eachenroeder,
a native of Dantzic, Germany, aged 57 years
(i months and 12 days. | A member of Evan-
gelical Lutheran St. Johannes Frauen Verein.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day.
- (Wednesday), at 0:30 o'cloek. from her late
"' residence, ' 3502\4 'Mission street, thence to
the St. Johannes German Evangelical Luth-
eran Church, Twenty-second street, between
Mission and Howard, where services will be
held, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
' Mount Olivet Cemetery.- .
TIERNEY — In this city, January 20, 1002.
Mary, dearly . beloved . and devoted wife of
Thomas Tierney, and loving aunt of Mrs.
Samuel F. Brady and the late John F. Brod-
erlck, a native of the . parish of Temple
Michael, County V/aterford, Ireland, aged 04
years.- (Newburyport. Mass., papers please
•copy.)
• 1C? Friends and acquaintnnces are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
"residence, 911 Bryant street, thence to St.
Joseph's- Church, where a solemn requiem
S mass will be celebrated for the reDose of
her so'-il, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
UHL — In -this city, January 13, 1902, Felix
¦ Uhl, a native of Paris, France, aged 83
years.
i tn3"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at i>:30 o'clock, fromthe parlors
.of J. V C. O'Connor & Co.,: 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Church, California and
Dupont , streets, where a requiem high mass
will be ¦ celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at, 10 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. , . ¦•• • ¦¦¦;•/: . . " . ' - - <
WOLF— In Munich, Germany, January 1, 1902,
. R<3V. Father Spbastlan Wo'f, formerly pastor
of St. Boniface's Church. San Francisco, and
founder of 'this parish, aged 75 years.. .Dr. Crocker, eye. 1 ,, ear, nose, throat and
•lungs." 'Resumed practice 21 Powell st.-. • j
: ¦;- The- French: bark Marguerite ..-Dollfusj. was, |
cleared ¦ yesterday ..for ,Queenstown* for^ordera,; I
with 68,872 ctls wheat, , valued at $63,290, and
4500 ft'lumber,: as .dunnaBe,. valued at %1Q'. >.'.;• \
• The ' British ¦ ship . Eva ¦ Montgomery i was : also I
.cleared yesterday; for;' Queenatgwn'for' orders/;'
Wheat for,: Europe.
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— Represent^
tive Stephens of > Texas to-day. Introduced
a bill for the union; of Oklahoma and In
dian Territory ¦ as > a . State* to be known
as the State of: Oklahoma. '
For the . State of Oklahoma.
Kionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your couzh. £0 cents at all drufciat*.
7 ' Two British .Ships "Arrive.
The; British ships' Silberhorne and Flint
shire arrived . yesterday-, from '¦ 5Liverp6bl
and ; Swansea, respectively. .-The'-'Silber
horne was out- 130. days and the Flintshire
145. Both ships had uneventful voyages. '¦¦;
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 21.— The steamer
Amur arrived - this ¦: morning from Skag
way:, She brought '; news that Joseph
Zelgler of. Middle La Barge roadhouse was
frozen to death on January 10 during a
heavy snowstorm. His family "resides in
San Francisco. 199MB
San Franciscan Dies in Storm.
This Is Your Opportunity.
All-wool men's suits, worth $18/ for $4 65,
at the bankrupt sale of clothing, 773 Mar
ket street, near Fourth. •
Max Repairs Will Be Costly.
The- French bark Max -was placed, on
the drydock yesterday, for the, purpose \ of
having.the. damage, done by the Wall a
Walla 'surveyed, j Representatives gof jtne
Union, ' Risdon jand '• Fulton lron ; .works
were^ | there for the , purpose of:' making
estimates for the ; necessary; repairs.- .Al
though no y bids for the work * have; ; yet
been put in it is thought that. it;will i co3t
between $10,000 and; $15,000; to. put the Max
In sea-going condition, again.--,. It? may .be
necessary to send East for a -new stem
piece and for; about ,ten : plates. iln;thls
event the cost of repairs may, run r as high
as $20,000.- . • '- • -• '- -• '
TUBA CITY, Jan. 21.— The rainfall last
night was .26 of an inch. For the season
it amounts to 9.45 inches.
SUISUN, Jan. 21.— Rain began falling at
6 o'clock this evening, and from present
Indications the best storm of the season
is at hand. ', . - v .
SAN JOSE, Jan. 21.— Light rain began
falling here late this afternoon, and dur
ing the evening the showers were heavier,
the precipitation being .20 of an inch at
10 o'clock to-night. - .
Clouds Belease Their Moisture.
PASADENA, Jan. 21.— Pasadena Elks
this afternoon dedicated their handsom*
hew hall.. About 200 Invited guests were
present, i Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler F.
P. Meserve presided and John Q. Mott de
livered the oration. The lodge, organized
nine months ago, now numbers 200 mem
bers. Its hall contains a large main audi
torium, ¦ parlor and ladles' parlor, billiard
room,; library, reception room, banquet
hall and kitchen. It cost $5000 to furnish
the quarters, which are claimed. to be the
finest in the State. ' They will bo open to
members continually. '
Nine Months' Old Lodge Already
Boasts the Finest Quarters
in the State.
ELKS OF PASADENA
W'iffk DEDICATE NEW HALL
They went to a local resort and intro
duced one of the party. under the name' of
a horseman who .is- known throughout^the
country. . On this % name •. .they "secured
credit for. 5840 .worth of ' wine and food,
which was consumed' between Saturday
and Sunday, nights. , -.'. . . .. ' '• '¦•/. -
Suspicion, ,was aroused as to '. the iden
tity of the party, but a liberal use of the
telephone lulled their host into a- sense of
security. -.The ¦: entire party finally, made
their escape, chuckling over' what, they
thought was a Joke. ¦¦¦;'-. ¦-:'¦ ;.-..•
The matter became public .'property... on
Monday and soon reached ".the ears "of
President Thomas H.'. - Williams ',: Jr. V He
was highly indignant that the racetrack
should.be even remotely brought into the
matter and has commenced a 'rigid inves
tigation. 1 He has the names of the persons
in the party, and steps = will be. taken- at
once to exclude them from the track.
Some disreputable hangers-on about the
racetrack played a despicable ; 'tr^ck' \ last
Saturday under the guise of: a ; practical
joke, which will result in their, being de
nied admittance to the Oakland/' track
hereafter. ¦ - • •¦ . . ".-" ". ' ;--\s_\ '¦' '''"¦'. \
the Name of a Prominent Horse
man and Contract Big Bill.
Disreputable Racetrack Followers Use
JOCKEYS TO ENTERTAIN. — Elaborate
preparations are being made for the jockeys'
ball, -which is to be eiven. Saturday evening
January 25. at Bnal B'rlth Hall. A handsome
silver cup will be awarded the most popular
jockey.
tatlves. the Senate concurring, that the
British Government be requested to set
aside the sentence of death passed upon
Commandant Scheepers and to accord
him the customary immunities and priv
ileges of a prisoner of war guaranteed
under the Geneva convention."
Argyll fArriyes From Panama.
.¦The. steamship "Argyll arrived yesterday
from-; Panama --'with; fifteen passengers
from New .York; There had been no fight
ing '¦- in -Panama .'when the. Argyll, sailed,
but conditions all pointed In. the direction
of an early; outbreak.' The Liberals took
advantage of. the 'New^ Year and Christ
mas .: celebration .to : do , a little | shootingf
There .was, nobody: killed, j but the people
in Panama" were fortifying the city when
the Argyll, sailed. ¦ There were only two
cabin passengers, -A: Sweatman and Mrs
A/Payot., '¦'<,.¦¦:-¦.. - -V, v y..\ >.. ,= 7 ; . .... ¦
Assignee Eaton Is Removed.
George R. Eaton, assignee of the estate
of "Mammy" Pleasant, was removed by
Judge Troutt yesterday. Oliver Roberts,
who is the choice of the creditors of .the
estate and who petitioned for- Eaton's re
moval, was appointed assignee. Roberts"
bonds were fixed at $3000. '*¦ .^-'.v 1
¦ • ¦ . ¦ . i
. EUREKA, Jan. 21.— The City Council has
accepted Carnegie's donation of $20,000, to Jae
expended In building; a free public library. A
lot costing $8125 has been purchased by popu
uar subscription.' ' .; . . . t
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 2L—Representa
tive William Alden Smith of Michigan, a
member of the House Committee on For
eign Affairs, to-day introduced a resolu
tion directing the State Department to
request the British Government to with
hold the sentence of death passed on Com
mandant Scheepers, who is about to be
shot The resolution follows:
"Whereas, It is 1 officially reported that
the British military authorities in South
Africa have passed and are about to ex
ecute sentence of death upon Command
ant Scheepers of the army of the Orange
Free State; and
"Whereas, Said Commandant Scheepers,
a subject of the Orange Free State, was
captured while sick and wounded in hos
pital and therefore should be considered
especially entitled to all privileges and
exemptions of a prisoner of war; and.
"Whereas, His execution may lead to
acts of retaliation and reprisal and thus
make more difficult and distant the pros
pects of peace; and,
"Whereas, The whole civilized world
suffers from the effects of war waged be
tween any of the family of nations; and
"Whereas, The people of the United
States are moved by feelings of humanity
In behalf of the sufferers from the ter
rible warfare now being conducted in
South Africa; therefore, be it
"Resolved. By the House of Represen-
The British steamer Arab was cleared yester
day-for Hongkong, via Kobe, with the;largest
shipment of flour ever laden at this port.^ The
shipment consisted of 232.5C0 quarter sacks,
equal to 0S.15O bbls. valurd at J1S8.100. The
steamer also carried 0 bales flour sacks, valued
at $200. and 30,000 ft lumber as dunnage, val
ued nt $450. . .
I/arge Shipment of Flour.
When released here, it Is said, officers
from Healdsburg will escort him north
ward. The constable of Lakeport also
has a claim on his time. Altogether It
seems possible that for many months to
come Atwood will be sojourning . la
county jails.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 21.— C. E. Atwood
to-day pleaded guilty to obtaining money
under false pretenses from Manager R.
V. Halton of Hotel Rafael and was sen
tenced'by Juctice of the Peace Rodden
to serve six months in the County Jail.
Last fall Atwood cut quite a dash In the
hotel, where he essayed the part of a
wealthy guest. In an evil moment Man
ager Halton cashed a $50 check and then
Atwood disappeared. -After some time he
was located In Los Angeles, where he was
serving a sentence for a similar offense.
Atwood got off easily to-day because
the otticlals did not wish to put the
county to the expense of bringing wit
nesses from the East to convict him of
a felony. He drew his check on an East
ern batik, and' this saved him. Since his
arrest it has been ascertained that he is
wanted in a number of counties, where
he induced citizens to part with their
cash for his checks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Congressman Seeks to
Have Death Sentence
Withe eld.
Greenfield, or Anderson, has made no
effort to conceal his idenuty here and was
met accidentally on the streets bv Mr.
and Mrs. Gaines. The arrest followed
and the Colorado authorises have been
notified.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 21.— George P.
Greenfield, wanted In Colorado Springs
for forgery alleged to have been • com
mitted in August, 1500, is under arrest
here. Greenfield is known here as Dr. H.
Howard or George Anderson and Is held
on suspicion that he Is the man wanted
in Colorado upon the positive -identified
tin of Mrs. D. F. Ga'nes, who asserts that
she was formerly the wife of Greenfield,
and that he disappeared more than a yeai
ago, after having forged her . name to
checks on the First National Bank of
Colorado Springs. After making a thor
ough 5earch for her lost husband, Mrs.
Gaines. concluding that he was dead,
married again.
Time Finds First Spouse
\'"-.r Living.
Woman Who Had Married a Second
CAUSES THE ARREST OF
HUSBAND NXTMBEB ONE
Mu t Serve Time for
Defrauding Hotel
iRafael. '
The Grand Jury yesterday reopened its
investigation ¦ of the alleged assault on'
Mrs. Rosa Kllbourn by 'three young : men
named Flynn, Morrissey and Crouch. .The
witnesses examined were Kilbourn, a
brother-in-law of the plaintiff; Mrs. John
son, and Officer Wollwebber, all of whom
testified, to Mrs. k Kilbourn's. sobriety on
the night of the alleged assault. No ac
tion was taken by the Grand Jury. '
; The proposed investigation Into the
charges against County Clerk Mahony
was postponed until next Tuesday.
Grand Jury Reopens Case.
BAY MR. ATW00D
GETS SIX MONTHS
with C7.9S6 ctfs. wheat, valued at $T4,7S5, and
18.000. ft lumber, as dunnage, valued at $270.'
. The' British ship Glaucus, which cleared yes
terday.' for.-. the , same port, carried 72,377 ctls
wheat, valued at. ?77,S0O, and 18,000 ft lumber
¦ as dunnage,- valued at $270. .
The. Bairs . came -to the coast fourteen
years ago and engaged in the restaurant
business at the :corner. of Turk and Tay
lor streets. : Later, they conducted an es
tablishment at Tenth and Howard streets,'
which they; sold three years ago to move
to .Fruitvale. •-.¦¦-.- .- . ¦ ¦ '
Regarding his wife, Bair said that he
had often begged her not, to pass the
money, but that she persisted in doing so.
When arrested: Mrs. Bair's s'ster, M S3
Nellie Shicketanz, »was with her. The lat
ter is a resident of Council Bluffs and
has been on the coast but one week. The
detectives' are v confident that she knows
nothing'of . the counterfeiting and did not
detain her. , Miss Shicketanz, however,
persisted in remaining in the City Prison
with her sister^all night. ,
The woman passed the dollars In leading
dry. goods, houses, and they having the
same ring as a perfect coin, the clerks
did not hesitate to accept them. She also
spent much with Italian ''flower- venders
and received change on small'- purchases.
• Hazen- and MomttC followed Bair into
the betting i ring yesterday afternoon, and
when he placed his bet they arrested and
searched him. In addition to the spurious
coins he had depositedon the race, others
were found 'in his possession.' Mrs. Bair
was taken Into, custody .by Hammill. and
Foster while in a furniture store in \ this
city, but when searched had none ; of the
counterfeits about her. . ,.
Hazen and vMoffltt placed ¦ Bair in a
buggy and hastily.' ' drove to Fruitv4Lle.
where they made a complete - search of
the prisoner's. house. As the officers dis
covered piece after piece of the counter
feiter's plant Bair broke down and con
fessed. Some., of the apparatus j was
stored in a garret, more was hidden un
der a back porch and part . of it was
found in a woodshed. Bair stated that
he had Just completed the manufacture
of $100, of which $70 was found in his
house. He says he has been in the habit
of spending at 'least $15,, a day at the
tracks and that -.he has always been for
tunate. In picking, winners.' He- coined
dollars exclusively. 'They were slightly
off in weight, but had perfect ring and
color. . ' -.-• . -*
'l ... - '¦ ¦ "¦ ¦-
COUNTERFEITER'S WIFE WHO
IS ACCUSED OF PASSING BO
leys coin.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 2l.-"-MaJor Gen
eral James R. Carnahan, grand comman
der of 'the Knights of Pythias, has noti
fied the commanding officer of the Third
Regiment of the California Brigade that
he will .visit I-os Angeles to-morrow and
will be prepared to give a final answer
as to whether the 1902 encampment will
be held in this State. The visit of Carna
han at this time' comes as a surprise to
the local, Knights and some hope: is 'ex
pressed: that: Los Angeles may secure the
encampment 'If -fian Francisco is not to
handle -it.- "'Carnahan's communication
came from San Francisco, and as he
makes.no mention of that city it Is in
ferred that' there. Is a hitch in the ar
rargements for holding the encampment
there. ' . • . _/ ¦
Los Angeles Has Hopes.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 21.-Chief of Police
James A. Kidward to-day ' tendered his
resignation to the Police Commission, to
take effect on July 1. This comes as a
surprise to the people, for Just a week
ago the Chief forced the resignation ' of
Captain of Police P. H. Newberry. There
was friction between Newberry and Kid
ward and the latter notified the commis
sion that either Xewberry or he would
have to go.
In his resignation Chief Kidward says
that he regrets that he must sever his
connection with the Police Department,
but his private interests will require most
of his time. He is interested in a. large
livery stable in this city. Politicians,
however, declare the real reason for his
withdrawal is that he has his eye on the
Republican nomination fon Sheriff .this
fall. • 7 •
Chief Kidward has been a peace officer
of this city and county for fifteen years.
He served as a deputy sheriff and con
stable and .for the past eight years has
been Chief of Police. He has been one
of the best Chiefs this city has had and
during his administration thieves and
crooks have given San Jose. a wide berth.
Special Difratch to The Call.
Head of the San Jose
Police Department
Resigns.
PRACTICAL JOKE MAY r ? y ' t
END IN SEKIOXJS MATTEL
Three weeks ago the detectives first
suspected Bair. They observed him plac
ing bets of |2 on each race and learned
that one of the dollars was invariably a
counterfeit. Bair slipped the coins to the
pool sellers with the bad one underneath
when there was a large crowd clamor
ing for tickets. By these methods he
nearly escaped detection. , The- officers
then learned who the suspect was, his
place of residence and. the names of his
associates. They were surprised on dis
covering that Bair was counted among
the leading citizens of Fruitvale and that
he enjoyed the confidence of many;excel
lent people.- - . ,, :-'.'¦¦¦.;.•
Mrs. Bair was shadowed in this city by
Detective Hammill and be ¦ gathered up
much bad money, after each of her visits.
About four months ago patrons of the
racetrack and the bookmakers themselves
complained of counterfeit dollars th*.t
came into the betting ring. ' Since that
time Hazen, Mom tt, Foster and Ham
mill have watched to catch the person who
placed the. coin in circulation, and until
three weeks ago they were. unable to get
a clew. While the detectives spent \ days
at the track and watched every one who
played money on the ponies they found
themselves' constantly outwitted and bad
dollars among each day's receipts. .
The detectives have been patiently
watching a trap they set to catch the
counterfeiters, but the capture was only
made yesterday. Bair was taken at the
Oakland racetrack and lodged in the'Ala
meda County Jail. To his captors, Hazen
and Moffitt, he made a complete confes
sion. Mrs. Bair was arrested in this city
by Foster and Hammill and • put under,
lock and key at the Central police sta
tion. She had distributed much of the
bad coin among the leading • dry '• goods
stores and among flower venders on the
streets. Bair operated exclusively at the
racetrack,- while his wife "worked",- this
side of the bay. Iri» his confession Bair
says that he manufactured and rid him
self of thousands of, spurious' dollars,
winning many thousands more in the bet
ting ring. The counterfeiter was former
ly a restaurant-keeper in this city, * but
three years ago he abandoned legitimate
business and started to. perfect himself
in the coining of bogus "metal. He suc
ceeded to such an extent that Secret Ser
vice Asent Hazen ¦ pronounces - the pro
ducts of his molds the most perfect •imi
tation of genuine coin that he has ever
handled since he has been in the employ
of the Government.
fe»y|-o WO- residents of Frultvale, Mr.
I . and Mrs! U. I. Bair, were ar-
II rested by United States ! Secret
Jl . Service Agents Hazen, Moffitt
and Foster and Detective Archie-
Hammill of the local Police Department
yesterday. Stored . away in their home
was found, a counterfeiter's outfit with
which the couple manufactured spurious
coins, so nearly the counterpart . of the
genuine tfiat thousands of them have been
recently placed in circulation.
UNCLE SAM MAY
SAVE THE BOER
When old "Jimmy" Carroll was
brought In last night he begged for whis
ky and was in a sad condition. His re
quest would have been granted had there
been any liquor on hand. He was given
a little alcphol. weakened with water and
sweetened. His condition was so serious
that, on the advice of Dr. Parks, he was
not thrown Into the dungeon with the
ether recaptured men, but was sent to his
cell, where he fell asleep immediately.
« ¦:"i-M"M":"K- 1 ¦: 1 1 : : 1 1 : : ; :¦:¦¦:¦ c
At 8 o'clock this morning Campbell,
Ainsworth and Morton were captured by
Deputy Sheriff Johnson and Sailor Ryn
berg of the United States revenue cutter
Manning; who captured Snyder and Car
roll last night. The three prisoners say
the escaped convicts were all together on
Monday morning and again last evening.
Just before Snyder and Carroll were cap
tured. Neither of the trio was in bad
condition when taketo: All were fam
ished, however, and begged, for food, but
their request was denied, although they
had been fasting since Sunday morning.
"When the three men were brought In
Morton remarked, as he shuffled into the
warden's office:
"Well, this is the first time for me and
I want no more of it."
Hanson was chopping wood when - he
heard a commotion at his house, and,
going to investigate, found Davis eating
an apple. Hanson approached from be
hind, thrust the muzzle of his gun into
Davis' face and told him to hold up his
hands and march to the penitentiary.
"That's good enough for me," said Da
vis, and they started for the penitentiary.
Instead of making Davis go ahead,
Hanson marched him along on the left
side of him. After they had gone a half
mile Hanson shifted his gun to his left
hand. Davis, watching his opportunitj',
seized the stock and struck Hanson upSn
the head, knocking him to his- knees. A
etruggle ensued, but two special guards
opportunely came in sight and assisted
Hanson in overpowering Davis, who was
marched to the penitentiary without fur
ther trouble.
Davis, the convict supposed to have
been wounded last night, was caught this
afternoon by Rancher Hanson. While on
the way to the prison he knocked Hanson
down and tried to take his gun. but was
seized *>y two other guards who happened
to come up at the time and the three
overpowered him after a hard struggle.
Davis had not been wounded.-
TACOMA, Jan. 21.— All of the convicts
who escaped from the Federal prison on
McNeils Island early Sunday morning
have been recaptured. Four of those still
at large — Campbell. Morton. Ainsworth
and Davis— were taken during the day,
and the remaining four were captured
late to-night by Deputy Sheriff Johnson.
The details of the latter exploit have not
been received.
Special DltDatch to The Call.
Convict Davis, Surprised by a
Bancher on the Island, Makes a
Hard Fight for His
Liberty.
Deputy Sheriff Brings in a
Group of Four Late at
Night
CHIEF KIDWARD
YIELDS HIS STAR
Captain Porter and his party have been
in the interior for two weeks past, having
started on an expedition provided with
rations for five days. Their progress was
delayed and they « suffered great hard
ships.
The insurgent leader Briocio Laque and
his entire command surrendered uncon
ditionally to the American military au
thorities on January 20 in Batangas
Province. Laque's command had become
so scattered that it was unable to hold
out any longer. He has been given one
week to round up and hand- over his en
tire party to the Americans. Laque has
been operating in the neighborhood of
Mount Macolod, hi Batangas Province,
Luzon. :
The anxiety recently felt concerning
the whereabouts of Captain Davis D.
Porter of the Marine Corps and thirty
five marines who have been absent in the
interior of Samar has been relieved by
the arrival on the coast of 'that island
of Captain Porter and twenty-six mem
bers of the command. The other nine
marines are expected to reach the. coast
soon. -"
Owing to lack of telegraphic communi
cation in Samar the news of Captain
Hartshorne's death came by; mail in a
report from Second Lieutenant George
W. Wallace of the Ninth. Lieutenant
Wallace gives no particulars of the oc
currence.
MANILA, Jan. 21.— Captain J. M. Harts
horne Jr. of the Seventh . Infantry was
shot from ambush and killed January 2
in the eastern part of the island of Sa
mar. Captain Hartshorne was recently
transferred from the Ninth to the Seventh
Infantry.
The others who responded to toasts
were General McGlashan, General Schaff
ner, Colonel \V. J. M\idd. . C. W. Nevin,
Colonel Thomas A. Nerney, Colonel Ab
bott and T. J. >Crowley. . ¦ ¦.
'The affair -was under the management
of "W. A., Richardson, A. I). CodlnRton,
Charles . Danziger, Alfred Perrier and
Charles Ohman.
Alter' supper, had been partaken of the
toastmaster called upon the guest of the
evening, who spoke for nearly half, an
hour on ! the / approaching - . Supreme
Convention , and ¦ the Encampment of the
Uniform Rank, to be held In this city dur
ing the second week. In August. He pre
dicted a. large gathering of the , knights
and their friends because the railroad
companies have made a round-trip fare
of ?50 from Chicago. He further said that
Ohio, Indiana. Illinois and Michigan will
send 5000 uniformed knights, Pennsylva
nia will send 700 and the New England and
Southern States will send large "ilelega
tlons: • The number i to come from the
other States*, he said, will depend largely
upon the rate ¦ the citizens can induce the
railway companies to make from points
other- than • Chicago. - A feature of the
meeting will be mounted cavalry from
Missouri. The State of Washington, he
said, will send between 3000 and 4000 stran
*gers to this. city. In conclusion he urged
the- members of the order of this city to
work with a will and make the convention
a grand success. . • ¦ -
-Brigadier General l C. . F. McGlashan, Brls
adler Herman * Schaffner. (retired), Colonel
.Thomas ; A. . Nerney. -Colonel A. Perrler, Colo
nel W. Rlley. Colonel J. ' P. Abbott, Colonel
W. J. Kldd, Major J. H. Keenan. and the
others who - were around the festal* board
were : Joseph Kayser. Emile E. Kahn. George
F. Buck. Erne8t Ulman, N. Rose, W. S. Han
brldge, A. D. Codington, W. A. Richardson,
R. S. Lange, W. King, A. J. Lucas, A. Mc-
Brlde. W. F. Robinson. A. J. Meinhart. C.
Kull. T. H. WaBStaft, E. Marionl, C. 8. Hoff
man,' Charles Danziger, Charles W.Nevin, C
Ohman; H. Bonneman, Walker C. Graves.
Ernest Duden, W.i.. Cowles, F. C. Bradford.
C. T. Gromme, A; J. Vanderwhlte, T. J. Crow
ley, . F. O. Raabe. Cal Lindsay, P. Peterson,
Harry C. Siml, John H. N. Clausen and L. D.
Janes. ... : , '
General H. L. Arndt occupied the cen
tral portion of the long table and acted
as toastmaster." Near him were placed
the ..following: "* >! .
'-'•; Major General J. R. Carnahan, com
manding the Uniform Rank - of the
Knights of Pythias, was ] the guest of
honor lastlevenlng at a banquet tendered
him by the Past Chancellors' .Association
of San Francisco. : The decorations of the
rotisserle were the. American and the
Pythian flags and the standard of Com
pany No. 3 of the . Uniform Rank. The,
members of the association,' who are mem
bers of the Uniform Rank and hold com
missions, were attired In • full dress uni
form of the rank. - > \
Marines Who Had Been Miss
ing Two*Weeks Return
Safely, v^v
eral Prisoners Are
Recaptured.
All of the Escaped Fed-
•..¦.-.• • . v ¦-,¦ ¦
Urges the Members to Work
Hardfor Success of
the Convention. .
From Hidden Fili
pino.
Officer Receives a Bullet
Visiting, Commander of
the- Uniform "Rank ...
at a Banquet.
MAN-HUNT
ON M'NEILS
IS ENDED
SAMAR NATIVES
KILL A CAPTAIN
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
FEAST CARNAHAN
Supposed Wealthy Residents of ' Fruityale
Arrested by Secret Service Hen.
SPURIOUS COIN PASSED
BY U. I. BAIR AND WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO " CALli, WEDNESDAY^ iTAKUARY 2?, 1«02.
14
Do You Wish
the Fifiest Bread
©cnid Cacke
It is conceded that Royal
Baking Powder is purest and
strongest of all baking pow-
ders, absolutely free from alum,
ammonia and every adulter-
ant. * "Royal" makes the best
and most wholesome food.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO* 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORKr,. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABOUT
They Have Hand-sewed Welts.
They Have Hygienic Cork Soles.
They Gome in 100 Styles.
They Are Perfection of Fit.
They Are thetHeight of Style.
JheyiGiye Perfect Comfort.
They -Have Many Imitators. ; -
WHAT MORE COULD BE SAID
. OF ANY SHOE?
. Try them, and be -convinced that
, they, possess ¦ all the - merits' possible
to be attributed to a shoe/ -'
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT- ;
¦-•:•¦:¦¦¦'•¦.'<'¦ :i .LrA*. *.-¦ , '¦. -«
sp-.Tbird Si
Second Slios Store from Market.
All this week we will continue our Special
Semi-Annua! Sale of Laces, Embroideries,
_ Muslin Underwear and Ribbons, ;_,,
5000 uards Cambric, Nainsook, Swiss and
Lawn EDGINGS and INSERTINGS.
5c to 50c per yard.
20,000 uards ENGLISH TORCHON LACES^;
Loth Edgings and Inserting, from one to four
inches wider
30c, 40c, 50c and 60c per dozen yards.
50 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS and :
SKIRTS, made from hest hrands muslin and \
trimmed/witti extra aualitu lace and em- V
broideru.
$1, $1.50, $1.75 and $2 each.
216 pieces NOVELTY RIBBON, 3 and 3L
inches wide) and 275 pieces PLAIN WASH
TAFFETA RIBBON, full 3i Inches wide,
These are in all the leading shades. Prica
to close ' IP -¦'¦;
15b yard.
' i We will also sell this week a large
accumulation of REMNANTS, RIB--
BONS, ' LACES and EMBROIDERIES
at VERY LOW PRICES. ..
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
119 TAYLOR STREET.' ,-
11 ffflfr% % tSr Jl Wai & 1 %^ScJ fl
R!w^ —^^^j|— ai— . j! !^Vt, .-Til
BUTTER,
Very best . Humboldt Creameries; QQrt
choice of brands; large squares...... OOu
BUTTER. Fresh Churned, s<jr, 33 l-3c
WCftCTAQI EC Blue Lake String Beans,
VtUClADLtO S. & W. Sugar inn
Corn, small Sugar Peas, 15c tins.... luu
Positively highest quality.
EGGS, Very Best Select, 25c
mnThe delicious dessert.3 pkss, QCn
"U Lemon, Qrange, Raspberry, tub
Strawberrv.
BORAX SOAP, 8 large cakes, 2Sc
FRENCH CASTILE S24& VSL. 20c
Genuine; made from olive, oil; why pay
MUSH," 10c packages 4 for 25c.
PATQIIP Wade's, put up by Sni- OC n
UAlOUr ders; 3 bottles ZOG
LILT or PET CREAM. 3 tins. 25 c.
APRICOTS ifeSS&gg 25c
HORSESHOE WHISKY. 90c bot.. 55c. »
JESSE MOORE A. A. grS?RL a AI £ ?
Old Crow. Original bottling. *fUC
TAMALES, best, 3 tins. 25c.
MACARONI Snul 3 !:. 8 .^..^: 25c
McBRAYER "WHISKT. half gal., 81.75.
BRILLIANTSHINE o^inS 3 "^: 10c
E. W. Bennett's. Elsewhere 13c.
EXTRA SLICED PEACHES, tin lOc •
CLARET gS2S«|g§S*;g 35c
Taste at store.
PARLOR BROOMS. 35c kind, 25c.
PORT or SHEBRY-3«acs: 65c
Pure, rlcn wines, at economy price.
Saturday nights from 6 to 11 o'clock.
Money actually given away with Best
Butter and Eggs. All orders delivered
Monday.
TlCffiP.ntecd a - fw
ttV\\\\mlll4 GOOD STJIT-ont>J
VVVVLI WUWll! that has w earln* "
¦VwMIhhUI <» uallt y' Bt y ! ? * n d fln-
v^S^M||a lslwyou can get it In
yin^^^^^W our* tailoring depart -
//// /I^KmI ment « Our cloths are
Oil /J/fjjW< all latest weaves and
I Lfl II lip wUI'hold their shape
Jffllli I III -to thai last.'"
illllli lit e "^P'y requlra
IrJli & I i\i\
II f ' x v»MM
•IMSb* A Week:
C*4 Be sure ot our nama
•^ and number.
128 Ellis StAbwePBwd?
M.MGNULTY:
THIS WEtX-KXOWX AND RKLIABLK OLD
.»- Special 1st cure* Blood Poison. Gonorrhcsa, Gleet,
Strlctni*. »«miual Wcainpw, Impotence aud their '
allied Disorders. Pook on Diseases ot Meii, free. B
Over»Te»rs>xper!enc«.Term« reasonable. Hoors». ¦'v
9to3d&lly;6:30to8.30ev > es. RandAjrs.lOto li Consul,
tatlonfreeandsacredlj confidential. Call oraddresa
P. ROJ4COE McXlLTY.H.D.
86J£ Keirny St., Man franclaeo, CaU .
• V : V V ADVERTISEMENTS.
The old-style ones are -way
jsh'bri^s-jbuilt: on +¦ new-lines
are, always; wanted.; -:"
;•
ADVERTISEMTKNTS.