MEMBERS OF THE ALASKAN MINING RING
FIND A DEFENDER IN SENATOR McGUMBER,
WHO CHARGES CIRCUIT JUDGES WITH BIAS
.rrrr y ASHINGTON, Feb. o.—Dur
\\ XV Y, . Ing the early 'part of the- .
'^y \3T ¦•'¦-- session of the Senate to-day
' the case of Judge Arthur H.
'i-J-^rJ'' '"¦'¦ Noyes of the District Court .
of Alaska and Alexander McKenzie and
others ;was discussed.' ; : of.
North Dakota delivered; an;, elaborate^,
speech in defense of- Judge Noyes and
lilcKenzie. Incidentally he' criticized the I
Circuit Court ¦ of Appeals of San-. Fran- •
eifceo for permitting itself to be influenced; ;
QUEEN OF/ THE APPROACHING
¦ .MARDI ', GRAS . CELEBRATION,
RESPLENDENT IN HER ROBES.
.Tillman disclaimed any intention to re
flect improperly upon anybody, his re
marks,.he said, being directed to the De
partment of Justice especially, for not do
ing Its duty In promptly investigating and
acting upon such a scandal as had de
veloped in this case, whoever were the
guilty parties. He Insisted that either
the Judges of the Circuit Court of Ap
peals of San ' Francisco were ' guilty oC
some Infamy, or the Noyes . party was.
He. felt it. his duty, as he had some re
spect for the judiciary of the United
States, to defend Judges ' who had been
arraigned ; so seriously and to \ see that
McCumber denounced the decision of
the Court of Appeals, as forty-eight page3
of segregation of testimony out of 3000
pages of closely printed matter. The con«
elusions of the court, he said, were based
for the most. part on evidence which the
Senator . from South Carolina (Tillman)
would not give the least credence to. Ha
asserted that Tillman had cast seriou3
aspersions upon a man as honorable as
he was— a man whom the South Carolina
Senator -might meet outside the chamber
and there, if he saw fit, 1 call the Vila
names he. had applied to him.
* McCumber Replied that he had not ac
cused "the members of the San Francisco
Circuit Court of Appeals of anything
worse than prejudice, and bias. He urge*
that. he had proved this prejudice from
the record.
Tillman . Interrupted ' and Inquired
whether ' McCumber . did - not think ha
owed it to the Senate to give all the facts
concerning, the ""damnable corruption" of
certain United States courts, to which he
had' referred. - ¦>*.';: ...i
That "Damnable Corruption."
McCumber * read the orders Issued by
Noyes^ — known as the statu quo
orders— upon which he said the Judge had
been convicted ,of ' contempt. "Why, hi?
asked, was Frost sent to prison and Judge
Noyes only fined. If both were guilty of
conspiracy? • He opined . that it was be
c.ause Judge . Noyes' character would be
sufficiently, blackened by f .a fine and then,
top, out of prison he could not be reached
by a writ of habeas corpus. He referred
to what to his mind was appalling corrup
tion in Alaska. V -'---'" -¦ : i^'&&]
That was the reason. for Frost's convic
tion. He 1 simply, would not be a creature
of the. syndicate.
•^ , Continued on Pag» Two* :
CAIRO, Feb.. 5.— A camel convoy pro
ceeding to Rumbek', Eastern. Soudan, has
been looted by the Dlnka tribesmen." The
British officer. In command of the .-convoy,
was killed.. The Dinkas - have ; srenerally
been ; friendly. ' ; ' ;
Tribesmen Loot a Convoy.
t VICTORIA,; B. C, Feb. 5.-Chlef.V Engi
neer Smith and James Stalker, a deck
hand and son of the captain of the steam
er .Iroquois;- were, found dead in their
room -. on : the '-• steamer at ' Sydney this
morning. 'The pipe of a coal stove In the
roomhad fallen during the night /and
both; men: were ¦ .suffocated by^ smoke.. - |
Suffocated on a Steamer. '
" LONDON, Feb. -6.— Since the death of
Li ' Hung . Chang,- .cables the Shanghai cor
respondent of ¦•the -. Times, there', has been
a' noticeable^ development^in- the friendly!
relations of- China and "Japan.;" This; rap
prochement is t particularly marked , In the
'attitude of the Chili and >Yangtse. Vice-
China and' Japan at Peace.
Suppressing Christian Democracy.
ROME, Feb. 5.-The newspapers here
say that documents will be published
shortly by Cardinal Rampolla " and the
congregation of foreign ecclesiastical af
fairs, indicating the suppression of the
Christian Democratic party. The organ
of the Christian Socialist Democracy, the
paper says, will also be suppYessed, and
priests wiu be forbidden to be connected
with this movement
Young Widow of the Late San Fran
cisco Millionaire Becomes a "
Mother.
MONTEREY, Feb. 0.— A son was born
to the widow of the late Hugh Tevis at
the Tevis Hacienda, in New Monterey, at
11 o'clock this forenoon: ' . . . •
SON AND. HEIB IS BORN % t;
TO MRS. HUGH TEVIS
VIENNA, " Feb. 5. -The :Archduke Fran
cis Ferdinand, \ heir , presumptive to the
thrones of Austria. 1 and; Hungary, started
to-day for St.' Petersburg, j The Czar's pri
vate j train . .¦will", meet him at; the frontier.
The vlsitVof the Archduke' to the -Russian
capital is regarded as \ being of great
political significance: ',-
\ Ferdinand to -Visit Czar*
SACRAMENTO.-Feb. 5.— Robert T. Dev
lin, attorney, for the State Anti-Debris
Association, has received .a letter from 1
Senator Bard stating that the latter will
do all in his ppjtver to obtain an appropria
tion of $150,000 from Congress for 'ouilding
debris- restraining; works. The Senator
says the prospect" is- "that Congress will
make the appropriation and work will be
gin in the near future...
Bard Sends Cheering News.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 5.— President A.
L. Mohlcr cf the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company, to-day received a
cable dispatch from • Hongkong stating
that the steamship Knight Companion
which went ashore yesterday on the east
coast of- Japan- is fast going to pieces.
The vessel and cargo are valued at about
$600,000.
Knight Companion.
Little Hope of Saying the
Dispatch From Hongkong- Leaves
STEANDED STEAMSHIP ;, , A .
IS FAST BREAKING UP
Signor G. Cadenasso Is to be Prince Car.
nival and the leaders have been most hap'-,
pily chosen, as they are both musical and
very popular. The chorus from . the • Bo-
The robe of the; queen. Mrs. G. Cade-,
nasso, is especially interesting. White
satin, red velvet and silk are the ma-,
terials selected with garniture of ermine. |
The white satin bodice is cut In the Marie
Stewart style, with a vest of crimson silk, •
embroidered. in gold spangles. The skirt
is, also richly embroidered. The / court
mantle is'of fed : velvet, "edged with ermine.
A crown and jewels will complete the cos
tume. ; . 1 - 1 ..- • . _¦..;. ,\ .. .
Hsxdda Mullah Is Active in Tur
kestan Preaching for"a"* :
Eoly War.
PESHAWUR, Punjab, India, Feb. 5.—
There is considerable unrest at Kabul
and elsewhere In Afghanistan. The
fanatical element is predominant and
trouble is feared. Hadda Mullah, who
was prominent «in. the rising, which ended
in the Tirah campaign. Is preaching a ho'y
war. He is said to have the Ameer of
Afghanistan under his Influence. Hadda
will officiate at the Ameer's formal Instal
lation on the Afghan New Year's day, ;
March 20.
Other fakirs and Mullahs are stirring '.
up agitation In the Malakand and other
districts.
FANATICS AT KABUL •
MAY CAUSE TROUBLE
¦ 1—=^ LABORATE preparations are be
_^ Ing made for the Mardi Gras'cel
¦. ebration at the Mark Hopkins In
' stitute on the night of' February
11. The memory of last year's
brilliant success has quickened the Inters
cst tenfold the present season ,and the
reign of folly near at hand bids -fair to
surpass . all previous . efforts. More _than
three hundred tickets have been sold al
ready. Many - more . of the younger set
¦will be present than last year and the
pay debutantes are carrying out original
Ideas in costumes" that threaten to out-
Mardi Gras everybody else.
McCumber of North Dakota said .he
had no desire to. prolong the discussion,
but most villainous charges had *been
made against men— charges which;he,per
sonally knew to be unfounded and abso
lutely false.. He 'declared that * certain
mining syndicates had . desired - to obtain
control of th'e whole- (Alaska) country.
He believed it would'; be' premature for
the Senate to render ¦' a .verdict :'¦ for. : or
against Judge Arthur H. Noyes'' and -Al
exander McKenzie before the courts .^had
had opportunity-^ to pass' upon the '.merits
of the case. He .ventured the^opinion that
the Senator '¦ from'.' SqUth f Carolina v (Tiil'
man),' who represented a.; chivalrous peo
ple and who ha'd' reflected 'so- seriously
upon Judge. Noyes \ and"; "Alexander": Mc-
Kenzie, /Who;. had no > opportunity to de
fend themselves, . would not \ have made*
the charges against. them if he had, known
AlexandeTj McKenzie 'and.- been -"familiar
with facts. -.. He "declared .that ho * person
could put a finger 'upon a single^ instance
where Alexander ' . McKenzl^ or, , Judge
Noyes ; ever had _ wronged any man of a
dollan ¦; He, .paid a high! tribute '.to; both
McKenzie, and : Noyes .'and, . Ihl- answer J to
an inquiry, ¦¦ asserted ithat ,- "hot "one jscln 7 '
tilla . of ''evidence is"''cdntalned» in r'the'* eri
'' record of . the caselthatj will ' support
In Def eriss of Noyes.
' Hale, in charge of- the measure/ started
the ball rolling . by making .an" appeal v to
the Senate to permit; the bill to come. to
a vote. He hbped the -"scandal lnAlasr
ka" would not be permitted to interfere
with the ; progress ' of the ' measure. : He
said It had no relevancy^ to ah appropria
tion bill and , while' he "was ', powerless' to
prevent the* discussion; he v hoped it would
not be prolonged." ; ' ;:' ' -,. ]; "/•;,"., -^ ; :
In a brief, speech Stewart reviewed the
ca se, speaking strongly • against a Judge
Noyes and his actions'in Alaska: V .' .' .,
by. prejudice and ibfas. .He became ' in
volved in- a colloquy with ¦ Senator . Till
man. who said he' appeared in the novel
attitude of a defender of- ihe. . United
States judiciary. The South ; Carolina
Senator had intimated that he
liver a speech on the Noyes case, .but. at
the conclusion "of McCumber's speech he
contented . himself .. practically '.wilvh, put
ting into the. Congressional Record tho
decision of the Circuit. Court of 'Appeals;
of San Francisco in the cases of contempt
against Noyes and McKenzie.' .. ". ' : ;
f The; members the Court of Appeals
for the : ninth circuit, he said, might be
honorable men,, but he was obliged to
judge, them hy . their acts. That court
had convicted_Judge Noyes while he was
;2000 miles away and had arraigned him In
most remarkable language without an op
portunity, of a hearing. •'.'
I Reverting ' to "the situation, .as Judge
-Noyes found' It in. Alaska. McCumber de
clared-that: the' mining -syndicates had
madeevery effort, to bribe him— $20,000 be
ing offered-, to .him • in one sum.' - Finding
it impossible to' bribe him, the- syndicate
hired, "McCumber .asserted, a., man -to
make -a ', perjured affidavit that Judge
I Noyes had accepted a bribe. These facts,
-he- said; had been reported to the Attor
ney General- of the United States and for
reporting these matters . to the -United
States Judicial '". Department, ' > Frost.-, he
said, \ had j been* sentenced" to jail for ono
year 1 because his work .had come in con
'flldt;with" the" Circuit- Court ol Appeals.
: Criticizes Court of ; Appeals. '; * '
..^Referring', to": the opinion 'of- the Circuit
Court''of Appeals ¦ McCumber asserted
that, four-fifths "of "It was. devoted: to the
discussion' of an alleged attempt at con
spiracy," between Judge, Noyes and Mc-
Kenzie; the greater portion of ' the Infor
mation concerning which came from San
Francisco , newspapers. ¦ He insisted that
no' man could conceive of a more heinous
judgment than this. The parties were not
conyictai of "conspiracy but of contempt,
and," in his opinion, ought "not to have
been punished to such' ah. extent as were
McKenzie', Noyes and Dubose.
McCumber, then entered upon an * .ex
tended-statement. of .the .'case 'against
McKenzie, going into, minute' details. He
maintained.' that the. order of 'tee" Circuit
Courts of Appeals of San Francisco went
outside of the statement of fact made to
It !n [ordering ..McKenzie ! to turn, over
property of- which.' he- was -. the . receiver.
He asserted that McKenzie's lawyer ad
vised him ; that the court's ' order ..was
void.f McKenzie, therefore, did "not: com
ply with '.the- writ,"' inasmuch "as. If .; ho
did, he would be in contempt of an order
of^ Judge Noyesr ; . He, "therefore, was . be
tween two fires. '< In; such -condition It
.was . held . by able lawyers . that McKenzie
ought not to be adjudged guilty . of any
offense..". ., ' .7 .". • ; ..;'
the charge of conspiracy against Alexan-!
der 'McKenzie." • ¦ • ..'.• " ' • -• {:¦¦• >
WASHINGTON, . Feb. 5.-President and
Mrs. Roosevelt and a party who will ac
company them to- the Charleston Exposi
tion will leave here for the South next
Monday night in a special train over the
Southern -Railway. Tuesday night they
will spend. at Somervllle.xS. C, as" the
guests of Captain Wagner, president of
the exposition." At this point the party
¦will inspect the ..tea farms near by. On
Wednesday, the party will go to Charles
ton, spending the day in that city. - At
night a banquet will be given the Presi
dent and -party at. the Charleston Hotel.
The return journey will begin Thursday.
February . 13. In ¦ the President's parly
will be Secretaries Wilson and Hitchcock
Attorney General. Knox and Postmaster
General Payne and the ladies of their
families.. ,. . . '-;.';"¦; '¦;,
Accompany Roosevelt to the
• ; -Exposition. .
Several ; of the Cabinet Ministers to
PRESIDENT AND PARTY
.. "."¦-.WILL VISIT CHARLESTON
•.',-The.' committee in charge of arrange
ments ¦••consists of Messrs. James \V.
Byrne,' Edward M. .Greenway and Henry
Hey'rna'ni; and, certainly these names in-
Eure . the success . of any social under
taking, r : _ -'.':.
-- Any ¦ suburbanites who have a boat to
caich may have supper as 'early as 11
o'clock'.. ..... }' , ' . (V
The grand; march .begins at 10 o'clock.
Two bands' "will provide excellent musrfc
and dancers will have three ballrooms at
.their^disppsal. .The decorations are to be
.elaborate and. the tickets include a good
supper, i'iii i r i .' .
i'Tfae-rble 'of. Court Jester will be graced
by Alfred J. McKenhon and his pranks
were so entertaining last season as to
bring", him ever in demand. It is to be
•hopedhe will not forget the dog.
hemian Club will sing, as last year. These
. Interesting " vocalists are: Burbank G
Somers, Elmer- E. Simmons. Clarence T.
Wendell,-H. P. Carlton, William P. NieN
sen. Charles^ J. Dickman, C. H. Lamberton
and Horace P.Veeder.
MEMBERS OF. THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS OF
THE NINTH CIRCUIT.
Bullfights Not to Be Permitted.
'. LOS ANGELES, : Feb. 5.-The proposed
bullfights will not occur 1 In Los Angeled.
Deputy City' Attorney Hewitt to-day ad
vised the Council that the State law pro
hibited bullfights and that the Council
could not take contrary action. Accord
ingly, the Chief of Police will be advised
to enforce the law. The proposed ex
hibition was not expected to be of a sav
age character! but the Council is opposed
even to a farcical circus, in whicrra bull'
with sawed-off horns would be j the main
attraction.
A volunteer corps numbering 5C0 men
has been organized here. Fifteen hundred
men from the province of Antioquia have
left here .to reinforce the Government
troops. It is believed the presence of
these additional soldiers will end the ac
tive revolution on the isthmus. ¦
PANAMA, Colombia, Feb. 5.— The
steamer Taboga. which arrived here this
afternoon from Chiriqui with cattle and
passengers, reports the defeat of a small
revolutionary expedition sent out by Gen
eral Herrera, the capture of. a number of
revolutionists ' and ' their arms and of
sixty horses destined for the revolutionary
forces. Everything was quiet at Chiriqui
when the Taboga left that port. The boat
cent with dispatches for Governor General
Castro was met near its destination ¦ by
the Taboga. The fleet of the revolution
ists, composed of. three gunboats,' is still
off Yeguala. • • ' '
Small Herrera Expedition
Meets Disaster.
Ikport Comes From Panama That a
REVOLUTIONISTS SAID
TO HAVE BEEN CAPTURED
Little can be learned in regard to the
board's recommendation as to' the . loca
tion of camp grounds __ for maneuvers.
Fort Riley, Kansas, and Chattanooga.
Tennessee, are understood to have been
selected. Pennsylvania and California are
said to be the sites for the remaining t we
camps.
General Miles holds the view— and In
this belief other officers concur with him
—that the laboring classes do object to
the presence of large bodies of troops on
the ground that the Government is at
tempting to overawe them,' : There is no
purpose, so far as .can be . learned, of
abandoning such a post. as Fort Sheridan,
which is convenient to Chicago, but which
will be used, if the board's view is adopt
ed, as an'- infantry post; If the board's
recommendations £^, carried out Madijon
Itarracks "Hii'd:^jir^'aJirgr* fearfacks will . be
retafned for nil).^, purposes, the reser
vation at Oswego^ay be enlarged and
old Fort Montgomery may " be' regarri
soned.' Fort Niagara will be used as part
artillery and infantry post. . 1 '
. Lieutenant General Miles and' his" asso
ciates on the ;bcard; believe that the
proper place for cavalry is in the Indian
country. Posts now near large cities are
to be retained, but' if the board's recom
mendation is carried out they will be gar
risoned by infantry. The report that
there was, dissension- in the board over
the Jocatioa of posts near cities is 'denied.
Its conclusions are unainraous.
There is no idea in military circles that
an Invasion is impending from the Domin
ion, iufthe board determined to recom
mend the assignment of fle'd artillery at
various frontier' posts because they are
considered proper strategical points cor
such troops. The board .has aiso recom
mended that cavalry be withdrawn from
posts in the vicinity pf. large cities. ¦'• '
CALL BUREAU,; JUOGiG" STREET," N.
"W., WASHINGTON, Feb. -5.— In order to
defend the United States in the remote
case of any invasion from Canada thi
Army Post Board, of "which Lieutenant
General Miles is president, has recom
mended in its official report that fiel.l
artillery be stationed aiang the frontier.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.-..,-
airy Is in the -Indian
Country.*
General Miles and Associates Believe
: the Most XJssfui -Place for Cav- '
Northern Frontier Considered
Proper Strategical Point
V to Be Guarded.': .
The Army Board Plaris
Posts to Prevent
Invasion... - ; > : ; .
WANT GUNS
ON BORDER
OF CANADA
QUEEN OF THE MARDI GRAS, IN COURT MANTLE
OF VELVET AND ERMINE AND WITH REGAL JEWELS,
WILL RECEIVE THE HOMAGE OF LOYAL SUBJECTS
Annual Fete at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art Promise^ to Outshine All
Its Predecessors in Brilliancy and Originality of jCostjumes and the
Gayety That Follows the Care-Banishing Edict ?of Prince Carnival
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6^ 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 68.
Statesman From NdrthjDakqtaMakesElaborate Speech in Behalf of Noyes and
McKenzie, but His Insinuations Against Members of the Court of Appeals
'at San Francisco Are s Forcibly Combated^ by Tillman and Stewart
The San Francisco Call.Continued from Page One.
McCUMBER DEFENDS ALASKAN RING
The steamer Queen City, which is run
ning to various points on the west coast
as far as Ahousett, where the boat of the
Condor was found, Is now due and It is
expected that she will bring . news of
other wreckage. The United States reve^
nue cutter Grant is daily expected from
the coast, where she went to search for
wreckage from, the Condor, and the
British warship Egeria may return at any
moment.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. j 5.— More evi
dence the fate of the British warship
Condor has been found. To-day a board
on which the letters "Con— r" are made
out. although the sea has nearly obliter
ated them in common with the other
paint, was picked up . on' the beach at
Beacon Hill. With the board was the
torn rim- of the cap of a. British blue
jacket. The board was shown to Captain
Harris, the naval storekeeper, who said
that while it was hardly proper to Identi
fy the board as having come from the
Condor it was evidently the lid of a pro
vision box such as those carried on the
warship. The board— or, rather, boards,
for there are three morticed together and
clamped with two cross pieces— is about
20 by 11 inches in size and had been paint
ed a dark brown, with white lettering on
which only the letters "C" and "N" are
plain. .The "O" is blurred, but the entire
name appears unmistakably to have been
"Condor." ¦
The cap rim is unmistakably that of a
bluejacket's cap, being stitched by hand
and of the material and make exclusive
ly adopted for such purposes. It was
found with the board. - -
a British Bluejacket's
. Cap.
Near It Is Found the Rim of
Wreckage Is Picked Up
• on the Beach at
Victoria. \
CONDOR'S NAME
ON THE BOARD
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. All
drugs-lets refund the money If It fails to cure.
B. W. Grove's signature is 00 Mch box, 25c .
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Men's All-Wool Suits made by Adler &
Sons of Chicago, worth $20,' are now, be
ing sold for $4 85. These suits are superb,
fashionable . tailor-made. I Be sure and
come around and you will buy one at the
Manufacturers' Sale of Cothing, 915 Mar
ket Btreet, 1 opposite Mason. - • • - • - ••
You Are Expected.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 5.— The county health
of fleer, to-day reported to the Board of Super
visors that there were cases of smallpox In
families, in Elk Grove and Gait." ,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.-The Senate to
day confirmed the nomination of Medical
Inspector P. M. Rixey, U. ! S. N., to be
chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Sur
gery of the navy, with the rank of rear
admiral." . . • , :,
B-ixey Now a Rear Admiral.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 5.-Sheriff ¦ Borgward
of Kern County arrived Here to-day. He
is looking for Arthur. ; H. Brady, who is
wanted at McKittrick for thef murder of
Bert "Webb on December 27. '"'The Sheriff
says he is positive that Brady came this
way to cross over into Mexico.
On Trail of a Murderer.
WASHINGTON,- Feb. 5.-An agreement
was reached in the House to-day whereby
the oleomargarine bill, will be broughj to
a vote after two more days of consider
ation, one to be devoted to general debate
and one to debate under the flve-mlnute
rule. The debate to-day continued in de
suitory fashion without special.. incident,
the speakers being Kluttz of North Caro
lina, McCleary of Minnesota, Eddy | of
Minnesota and Crowley of Illinois for and
Allen of Kentucky, Scott of , Kans-as,
Moon ' of Tennessee and Boutell of Illi
nois against- the bill. To-morrow the bill
will be laid aside to permit action on the
legislative, executive and judicial appro
priation bill. ••¦¦¦¦,:.(. : .
Oleomargarine Is Their Theme.
. FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 5.— The House to
day, by a vote of 38 to 32,, advanced the bill
which prohibits the use of any kind of book
lrr Kentucky schools that does not give full
credit to Schley .tor. the Santiago victory
despite an adverse report of the Committee on
Education.
Changes Made in the Postal Depart
ment and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoffices established: Oregon—Al
bert, Clatsop County, Olof A. Borgund,
postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Claus Schlichtman, Bethany; Arthur D.
Tourtillotte, Boca.
Edward J. McSorley. Henry" S. Atkins,
II. G. Needham, F. L. Williams, Daniel M.
Ritchie, Victor G. Schuchard, Renhard
Kaulfuss and Hans Graff are appointed
substitute clerks at the San Francisco
Postoffice and W. A. Shafer at Oakland.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Peter W. Beamer, San Diego. $12;
Irving Fuller, Veterans' Home, Napa, $8;
John A. McCoy, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $10; Daniel Keating, Los Angeles,
$10; Emanuel A. Speegle, Fresno, $8-
James H. Ferris, Gait, $10; Ell Martin
Harris, $12: Miles McGrew, Fresno, $8;
Jacob Jackie, Napa, $8. Mexican War—
James Kellogg, Oakland, $12; Reuben
Merryman, Bishop', $12. Widows — Rachael
Bartholomew, Tulare, ?8.
Oregon — Original — Douglas A. Morris,
Sylvan. $6. Increase— Charles Bohm, Hub
bard, $8; Orrin S. Allen, Beaverton, $22
Widows— Catherine Blair. $12.
Washington— Original— John H.~ SDamr
ler. Toledo, $6. . » P 8
Army orders announce that Mayor J. D
Glennan, surgeon, on arrival at San Fran
cisco will relieve Major Robert J. Gibson
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE '
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MODESTO, Feb! 5.-The board of di
rectors has finally completed . arrange
ments for the completion of a canal sys
tem that will open 80,500 acres to irriga
tion-under the district system. All liti
gation has i been compromised and the
bondholders will aid the land owners in
completing the systernvby remitting de
faulted interest and refunding bonds for
a new issue at 5 per cent.
The rights of way committee is pro
curing rights and bids will be ' received
on March 4 for the 'completion of the sys
tem. The headworks.and the heavy tun
neling, grading and fluming have been
nearly completed and all that remains is
construction on level land and repairing
the upper works, which have deteriorated
during the past few "years. The entire
system will be completed for, $285,000, as
estimated by -the surveyors. But six
months' time will be required.
The cource'of supply is the Tuolumne
River. A mammoth irrigation dam con
structed across the river has withstood
the flood waters for ten years. It is the
highest overflow dam in the United States
and cost $600,000. - , .
of Land.
Than Eighty Thousand Acres
Canals Will- Supply Water for More
SYSTEM OF IRRIGATION
FOR MODESTO, DISTRICT
The call for the State convention of the
California State League of Republican
Clubs has been issued from the headquar
ters of the league in the Palace Hotel. It
is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.; Feb. 3, 1902.
Pursuant to the action of the last conven
tion of the State League of Republican Clubs,
held in Los Angeles, in fixing the place of
holding the next convention of . the league at
San Jose, Cal., the . executive committee, by
resolution, has named April 14 and 15, 1902,
at 10 o'clock a. m., as the time for. holding
said convention. ¦ -' •
¦ The business to come before the convention
will Include the reports of officers, reports ! o*
committees, action upon proposed amendments
to the constitution, election of delegates and
alternates to the next National Republican
League Convention, the election of officers, the
consideration of matters relating to the wel
fare of Jhe State League and the Republican
party and all other business that may prop
erly come before the convention. ¦ .
The apportionment of delegates Is as fol
lows : - " J »
Each Republican club in California shall be
entitled to one delegate at large, one delegate
for each twenty-five members upon the rolls
and its president, secretary and treasurer ex
officio. Other ex-of flcio members are all offi
cers of the National League In. California of
ficers of the State and Congressional leagues
and the president of the American College
League of California. Alternates should be
chosen for each delegate and they will be ac
corded seats in the' convention with their re
spective delegations. v\ .,-,.-
All delegates "shall file with the secretary of
the convention certificates of ' election signed
by the president and secretary of their clubs
•Each club will send to JV Steppacher, secre
tary of arrangement committee, care of Re
publican State Central Committee, rooms, Pal
,ace Hotel, ¦' San Francisco, a list showing num
ber of delegates who will attend the conven
tion, on or before April' 4, 1902.' -~f< - ¦
Reduced rates will be granted by transporta
tion companies. Certificates for the purpose
of securing benefit, of the reduced rates will
be sent to all delegates upon application to the
transportation committee, care of J R. Pat
ton, San Jose. . \
San Jose is an 1 ideal city for the holding of
the convention and its people, noted for their
hospitality, have promised a hearty welcome to
all delegates and their friends. ,.
The clearest thinkers, the ablest orators and
the foremost statesmen of . bur . party in the
State will be present, and/by their presence
and , with their . voices will assist in making
this one of the most noted and memorable of
political gatherings ever held hi California.
¦;Let the officers of every, club see that their
club is 1 uUy represented, to show that Re
publican principles are steadfast In our hearts,
and to the end that Republican doctrines may
at this time be more -widely disseminated i
ALBERT 1^
; FELTON TAYLOR, Assistant Secretary. ¦
CALL FOB CONVENTION \\
OF BEPTJBLICAN CLUBS
As onions are a preventive of scurvy,
they are now retailing almost at -their
weight in gold and the enterprising Gov
ernment official is reaping a rich harvest,
besides drawing his salary.
Flagg was formerly an Oregon * news
paper man and received the appointment
to his position from that State.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. \ 5.—
Nome's epidemic of scurvy is said to be
due to the speculations of a Government
official,, who obtained a "corner" on the
vegetable market. Prices of vegetables
have taken such a rise in the mining
camp that they are beyond the means of
all except the very wealthy.
According to a letter received here from
Nome, Deputy Collector of Internal Rev
enue E. H. Flagg bought" nearly all the
shipments of vegetables arriving at Nome
on .the. last, few steamers and had agents
buying small lots from merchants until
the supply of onions was entirely under
his control and his purchases ; of other
vegetables caused a serious shortage.
Since the close of navigation the poorer
class has been without vegetables, and as
a result an epidemic of scurvy is rapidly
spreading. . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resolved, That the Pacific Northwest Wool
Growers' Association most emphatically pro
tests against the passage of the said bill and
that the members of thls.asspclatlon are urged
to write their members of Congress and Sena
tors, demanding that, they use their efforts to
defeat such obnoxious legislation.
Whereas, JTherproposed legislation Is vicious,
uncalled-for and class legislation of the worst
kind; therefore be. it - ¦ '
Whereas, We believe that the addition of col
oring matter to oleomargarine in its manufac
ture is harmless and adds- greatly • to- the ap
pearance and consequently .makes it more pal
atable; and .,-..';... .
• Whereas, The use of oleomargarine among
stockmen on the plains and in the mountains
has been almost Universal and It is the only
butter that is practicable for such use, because
of its keeping qualities; and
Whereas, If the said bill should become a
law, it would practically abolish the manufac
ture of this healthful and desirable substitute
for butter; and • .
Secretary Bailey, who is also Dairy
Commissioner of Oregon, spoke strongly
against the adoption of the resolution, as
did other delegates from the State.- The
resolution pass -with but three negative
votes. The text of the resolution on oleo
margarine is in part: * ..
A long discussion followed the introduc
tion of the resolution. Several prominent
sheepmen said that at the meeting of the
Live ' Stock Association in Chicago the
woolmen had pledged their support to the
cattlemen in their fight against any Con
gressional action looking to restriction in
the use of oleomargarine and that the
convention was morally bound to pass the
resolution.
HELENA, Mont:, Feb. 5.— A crisis was
reach^J^in the Wool Growers' Convention
to-day when a resolution was adopted in
dorsing the manufacture and use of olio
margarine and pledging the support of
the association to assist in the defeat of
the McCleary oleomargarine bill -now
pending before Congress. As a result of
the passage of the resolution Secretary
Bailey tendered his resignation and im
mediately left his desk.
B-eport in Seattle That the Iowa and
Wisconsin Will Be. Sent to
the Atlantic.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5.— It is said here that
both the battleships Iowa and Wisconsin
of the Pacific station will be transferred
to Atlantic waters. The vessels will take
the place of those that will be sent to
England to attend King Edward's coron-
Etlon. Both have been protecting. United
tates interests in South American waters
during the revolutions there.
TWO BATTLESHIPS MAY BE
TAKEN FBOM THIS 'COAST
Wool Growers' Conven
tion Develops Small ¦
Sensation.
Nome's Scurvy Epidemic
Due to an Official's
Thrift.;
There are now 200 heirs. Power of at
torney has been placed in the hands of
one heir, who is in London waitingrjor
the estate to be called for final distribu
tion. Roller is notified that he and the
three other children of his deceased moth
er will get $50,000 each. - ¦¦'^'-
REDDING. Feb. 5.-S. P. Roller, a rail
road brakeman, has received notice that
he is soon to receive $50,000 cash as his
efcare of an estate worth $6,000,000, which
has been in the English Chancery Court
for thirty-five years. Roller's grandfath
er. Peter Wbi taker of Ohio, who inher
ited the fortune from his brother, died
while settling the estate in London In
1867. Complications arose which are only
now being straightened.
That Has Been Tied TJp Many
Years.
Will Beceive Portion of an Estate
BAILBOAD SBAEEMAN
FAXLS HEIB TO FORTUNE
GETS A "CORNER"
ON THE ONIONS
Francis Hodgkins cS / to this city
from his home in w viand about five
years ago. He and £i3 brother, Sydney
Hodgkins, inherited nearly $1,000,000 worth
of real property in this city and county.
CHARMING STOCKTON YOUNG
LADY. WHO WAS FORMERLY
MISS MAE BUDD.
LAWS MAY PBOTECT
FOBEIGN EMBASSADOBS
Anti-Anarchist Bill Includes Provi
sion to Prevent an Attack
on Diplomats.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The anti
anarchist bill, which will be reported to
the House in a day or two, contains one
feature not heretofore alluded to. This
is a provision giving to foreign Embassa
dors and Ministers accredited to Washing
ton, protection against assaults and pun
ishing -with death any such assault which
results in the death of a foreign Embas
sador or Minister. .
The section providing severe penalties
for conspiracies in this country against
foreign rulers does not, however, embrace
Ambassadors and Ministers, as Chairman
Ray of the Judiciary Committee, who is
drafting the report, feels that great care
is necessary not to exceed, the constitu
tional right to punish crimes originating
within the States. . The protection ol for
eign rulers against conspiracies is con
sidered justified by the law of nations, but
it is not deemed expedient to extend this
to Ambassadors and Ministers residing;
here.
VOTE IRRITATES
THE SECRETARY
S.TOCKTON, Feb. 5.— Francis
' Hodgkins and Miss Mae Budd
were married at noon to
day In St. John'.s Episcopal
Church, Rector Clark officiating.
The interior of the pretty church was
beautified for the .occasion, the, florist and
decorator having been unsparing in their
work. There were 300 invited guests.
The bride was richly gowned. Little
Lucille Budd, her sister, was maid of
honor, while the bride's cousins, Misses
Edyth and Marion Brown, were tho
bridesmaids. The groom was attended
by his brother. Sydney Hodgkins.^ —
After the stately ceremonial there was
a reception in the residence of the bride's
parents. Owing to the serious illness of
the bride's grandfather. Judge Budd, this
was made a comparatively quiet affair,
only the relatives and immediate friends
being present. Mr. and Mrs.- Hodgkins
left for San Francisco, whence they will
start on a bridal tour of Europe.
The bride is the pretty ' and ¦ winsome
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John E. Budd,
the well known' attorney and regent of
the State University. She is a niece of ex-
Governor James H. Budd, and a grand
daughter of Judge Joseph H. Budd.
E. S. Pillsbury of San Francisco, who
represented the court in the proceedings,
is in the city, but was not present to-day
and the Attorney General suggested the
advisability of not going into the hearing
without first giving: him an opportunity to
be present if he desired. All . the parties
acquiesced in this suggestion and the
hearing was postponed until February 8.
Attorney General Knox to-day gave a
preliminary hearing in the case of Judge
Noyes of the United States Court for the
Nome District of Alaska, who recently
was convicted, of contempt by the United
States Court of Appeals at San Fran
cisco. The Attorney General -has the rec
ord of the court under consideration and
it is expected that within a week or two
he will advise the President as to whether
Judge Noyes had been guilty of such of
fenses while he was in Alaska as to ren
der other service in that capacity unde
sirable, and if so, whether the offenses
were of so grave a character as to warrant
his removal. There were present at to
day's hearing McLauhlin, counsel for
Judge Noyes; Ralston and Brewster, rep
resenting the Wild' Goose- Mining Com
pany, which was a party to the trial at
San Francisco, and Frost. - •¦ '
Consideration of some of the amend
ments from the urgent deficiency bill,
which had been passed over, was then re
sumed. Just before adjournment the bill
was passed substantially in the shape in
which' it was reported to the Senate by
the committee. . .
Stewart criticized Judge Noyes' conduct
of his office. He said that he had -been
familiar with the law practice In mining
cases for more than half a century and
that he knew the policy of the American
people to protect the locaters of mines,
whereas Judge Noyes immediately upon
his arrival at- Name had appointed re
ceivers to take possession of at least six
new mining claims, following these ap
pointments by others of a similar char
acter. He declared there was no prece
dent for a receiver in a placer mine from
which r gold was being constantly taken.
If Judge Noyes was honest In his action,
then he was utterly incompetent.
With this parting shot Tillman con
tented himself with having printed in the
record the decision of the Circuit Court
of Appeals in the Noyes case, McCumber
having withdrawn his objection. • -'.
Incidentally the South Carolina Sena
tor, saying that the debate had been pre
cipitated by the reading by him' of a clip
ping from a newspaper,' read a dispatch
printed in a newspaper charging Benja
min Daniels, whom the Senate had con
firmed as United States Marshal of Ari
zona, with being entirely unworthy to
hold that office. Tillman made some
scathing comments upon the Judiciary
Committee for passing such a nomination
favorably. He supposed that Senators
from the State from which Daniels hailed
now would feel called upon to criticize
him for introducing this newspaper clip
ping, but he did it simply to "hold up
the mirror in order that the other side
might see themselves as others saw
them." »
their side of the controversy, should so
into the record. .
Tillman said he appeared in the role of
a defender of United States courts when
he was on record as having made many
scathing criticisms of the Federal judi
ciary, but he remarked facetiously . he
would not be doing his duty by his clients
— the three Judges of the San Francisco
Circuit Court of Appeals, whom he had
got into hot water— if he did not attempt
at least to cool the water a-llttle.
The order to which Father Jacquet be
longs will look after his comfort. Every
effort will be made to cure him of his
malady and he will then be assigned to
light duties. .
A year ago Father Jacquet was sent to
Alaska for missionary work. He found
the country sparsely settled, out with
great energy he raised funds for the build
ing of a church and gathered all the
Catholics together for worship. He over
worked himself and suffered an attack -of
brain fever. By careful nursing he re
covered and again plunged into his man
ifold duties. It is believed that the sec
ond attack, which unseated his reason,
was brought on by overwork.
Father Jacquet was well known to the
residents of this city. For many years
he preached at St. Ignatius Church and
was engaged in the work of the Society
of Jesus. His labors were chiefly in the
prisons and hospitals and he brightened
the life of many an unfortunate with his
kindly counsel and earnest prayers.
Father Jacquet was born in Belgium.
He came to this country when a young
man and after completing his studies in
the university of the Society of Jesus at
Woodstock, Maryland, was sent to St.
Louis and subsequently to Oregon. His
v.-ork was of a missionary character and
he won many converts to the Catholic
faith. He was next assigned to this city
and took up his work with fervor. With
his kindly ways and sweet disposition he
made many friends and it was with regret
that his parishioners saw him depart for
San Jose to take a place in St. Joseph's
Church.
The news of the affliction that has be
fallen Father Jacquet vras a surprise and
a shock to the members of the Society of
Jesus in San Francisco. The unfortunate
priest was a member of the order and
the loss of his services will be keenly
felt. The first news of Father Jacquet's
lamentable condition was given ihe rev
erend fathers last evening oy a Call rep
resentative. Father Calzia paid a high
tribute to his unfortunate colleague. He
said Father Jacquet was an earnest work
er and was beloved by all who knew him.
On January 2 the man ' supposed to be
Goucher called at his store on the pre
text of getting a diamond. While the
assistant's back was turned the stranger
opened the showcase and abstracted $210
worth of jewelry. ¦ -
Last Friday the same man again called
at the store with another young man,
shorter in build and with a small black
mustache, and Ott waited upon them.
The taller one wanted a gem resembling
one he had in his vest pocket. Ott was
suspicious of their actions and told them
to call again in the afternoon. They did
so, but Ott did not give them the chance
to rob the showcase and they went
away, telling Ott to send the stone to an
address on Stevenson street, and giving
the name of Gibson. There was no such
number . as that given on Stevenson
street. It was not till after they had
gone that the taller man's appearance
struck Ott as being remarkably like the
picture of Goucher. and his assistant in
formed him that he was the man who
stole the jewelry. The police were noti
fied and Detectives Harper and Arm
strong have been working on the case.
A. L. Ott, manufacturing jeweler at 121
Post street, believes that "Kid" Goucher,
the much-sought murderer of Policeman
Robinson, was in his store last Friday.
He saw Goucher' s picture in the news
papers and was struck by the resem
blance. . .- ~ . /¦ '
Man Who Bobbed Him.
Jeweler Ott Declares Murderer Is the
BELIEVES HE SAW; GOTJCHEB
Court Orders Him Committed
to the Oregon Asylum
for Treatment
Spencer — Yes, your Honor, you have the pow
er second to the Supreme Court and can put
us ell out of the case If you wish. The court
insults Raker most outrageously. He is kicked
at on every turn and abused on every side,
and because he won't stand the abuse heaped
on him. he is punished for it.
If Raker can't behave himself, Mr. Spencer,
you must proceed with .the witness. I don't in
tend to be browbeaten and overrun by any one
In this court roora^ I have taken more from
that man than any judge bn God's green earth
would have stood. I do not like to .punish any
one. but I am not going to stand these insults.
I can put him out of the case entirely if I
wish: The law Bays I can.
Spencer said that he had not been pres
ent when the witness made his statement
and did not know how to proceed to tho
best advantage., Here Raker attempted to
return to the rpomi but was stopped by
the court saying: "Go back. Raker: 1
don't want- you." Judge Harrington con«
tinued :
Spencer protested that it was not right
for the court- to- insult-- Raker- and not
expect a reply; that Raker had been in
sulted every hour of every d«y by the
court and by General Post- and that he
could not suffer, the abuse and not reply
The court instructed Spencer to proceed
with the witness, who had been recalled
to the stand. * >
Tlaker — I notice you take occasion to insult
me and say I am dishonest when you are on
the bench. You don't say It when you're off
the bench. . • ¦
The Court — I will say it off the bench any
time you like. .
Raker — Thank you. Judge; thank you for
comparing my word with that confessed per
jurer.
The Court (to the Sheriff) — Take Jiim out o£
court.
Sheriff Leads Raker Out.
Raker attempted to reply and the court
interrupted him, saying:
For God's sake sit down or I -will go crazy.
I will make, you keep quiet. Now stop it.
The witness was ordered from the stand.
Raker-rls it' not right for us to prove Hut
ton testified to a falsehood?
The Court — I would just as soon believe John
Hutton as I would believe you.
Raker, you are acting as an obstructionist.
I never saw such disorder and unprofessional
conduct in a courtroom in my life. If it con
tinues. I will send you to jail for five days.
• Raker persisted in an endeavor to place
certain objectionable facts before the jury.
Sturtevant begged the court to stop him
from proceeding, but Raker persisted in
such a loud voice that Sturtevant insisted
that the jury be excused. He increased
the volume of his voi<»e to such an extent
as to drown out Raker and the court
had to rap for order many times, finally
remarking:
Spencer has frequently made the claim
that the defense cannot obtain justice in
Judge Harrington's court.
Walter Rucker of Lookout was called
to the stand and was asked if he and
John Hutton had not left Lookout on
May 23 for Tule. Lake. An objection was
sustained.
Spencer — It's none of your business why.
- The afternoon's session was a succession
of rows. In the matter of Stobbie's tes
timony the court ruled with the prosecu
tion, saying that the defense could im
peach John Hutton's testimony only on
material facts testified to by him, dating
from May 27 to May 31.
George A. Knight of Adin was called
and questioned as to the reputation of
"Bob" Courtwright, but as he testified
that he had not known Courtwright for
seventeen years an objection was sus
tained. Raker claimed such testimony
had been admitted before and Post denied
it, saying that the prosecution had never
argued a point with the defense unsuc
cessfully.
Spencer — Xo, and , you won't before this
court.
Post— "Why? Why? I'd like to have an ex
planation of your remark.-
Raker, for the defense, claimed the
privilege of addressing a few words to
the court, but started off with such a
tirade of abuse of John Hutton that Post
objected and Raker was told by the court
to take hie seat, Judge Harrington being
fearful ttfat the jury in the next room
would hear what Raker was saying. Ra
ker begged to be allowed to proceed and
the court was about to grant the request
when Raker said, addressing the court:
"For God's >ake, if you all keep quiet
I will continue my argument."
Judge Harrington was very indignant
and ordered the jury brought back to the
room and declared a recess.
Raker Denounces Hutton.
Argument as to whether witness Stol>~
bie .should be permitted to answer the
questions asked him by the defense as to
whether he saw John Hutton near Tule
Lake on May 15 was resumed this morn
ing and continued up to the noon recess,
the jury being excused "from the room.
In his direct and cross examination Hut
ton had testified that he was in Lookout
from May 15 to 31 and accounted for his
actions for every day during that period.
One rather amusing feature of the day's
proceedings was Raker's attempt to get
alleged extraneous matter before the jury
after the latter had been- removed to a.
side room during an argument. When
the jury had retired Raker raised his
voice so that it might penetrate the wall
that separated him from the twelve men,
whereat Judge Harrington's ire arose to
the boiling point. -">'/
ALTURAS, Feb. 5.— Another day of ex
citement in,the trial of James W. Brown,
the alleged Lookout lyncher, ended this"
afternoon .In Attorney John K. Raker be
ing ejected from the courtroom for re
senting remarks addressed to him by
Judge Harrington. Raker declared that
Judge Harrington was constantly taking
advantage of his position on the bench
to insult the attorneys for the defense,
and added that Harrington would not
dare use the insulting language out ef
court. The Judge angrily exclaimed thai
he was ready to repeat his words at any
time and place Raker might name.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 5.— Requisition
papers are now being prepared j for the
removal to California of Harmon Hart
rodt, accused of being implicated in the
murder of Policeman Robinson in San
Francisco. The requisition papers from
the Governor of California have arrived
and Detective Dinan left yesterday for
Salem to get the papers signed by Gov
orneer Geer. He is expected back to-mor
row and will leave with his prisoner for
California in a day or two.
Hartrodt was uneasy yesterday, and
when his cell door was opened this morn
ing the room was found to be filled with
smoke. Shackled as he was, Hartrodt
had inserted a redhot poker in the wall
and had tried to burn a hole through.
When asked to-day if he would . fight
requisition, he replied:
"No. "Why should I be afraid to go to
California and face those people? They
cannot take me there too. soon."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rev. Father Jacquet nas been engaged
as a missionary priest for the past twen
ty-eight years. He formerly lived in Spo
kane and also in, Idaho and California,
wnere he was always earnest in the work
of the church. He went to Nome last
July and immediately* commenced the
construction of a church and parochial
house, which were built entirely tnrough
his efforts.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 5.-In a late copy
of the Nome Xugget, receved by C. D.
Cederburg in this city, the first news of
the temporary Insanity of the Rev. Fath
er A. Jacquet, who is well known in Port
land and in California, is received. In the
issue of November 6 the Nugget states
that an order was issued by Judge Wick
ersham to inquire into the alleged insan
ity of Father Jacquet of St. Joseph's
Church. For two weeks previously Fath
er Jacquet had shown signs of insanity.
United States Marshal Richards placed
the priest in custody of D. M. Brogan to
await his examination. The hearing was
held at once, and after a number of wit
nesses haa oeen examined the court di
rected that under the circumstances
Father Jacquet must be given treatment,
and he was formally committed to the
Oregon State insane asylum.
El>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
Detective Dinan Goes to Salem
With Requisition.
• Papers. ..
Harrington Prc mptly Accepts
Challenge to a Meeting
Out o: Court.
Footpad Hartrodt Uses
Hot Poker on Wall
of His Cell.
Alturas Attorney and
the Judge Exchange
Personalities.
Noted Father Jacquet Is
Adjudged Insane
at Nome. !
AFFLICTION'S HAND
RESTS ON PRIEST
TRIES TO BURN
WAY TO FREEDOM
SHERIFF EJECTS
LAWYER RAKER
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, * FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
WEDDING VOWS ARE PRONOUNCED
BY A POPULAR STOCKTON COUPLE
Miss Mae Budd, Winsome Daughter of Mr. and
Mrs, John E. Budd and Niece of the Ex-Gov
1| ernor, Becomes the Wife of Francis Hodgkins
2
No Argument Needed.
Every Sufferer From Catarrh
Knows That Salves, Lotions,
Washes, Sprays and
Douches Do Not Cure.
, Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and Inhalers
cannot really cure Catarrh, because this dls-
1 ease is a blood disease, and local applications.
If theyaccompllsh anything at all, simply give
transient relief.
The catarrhal poison Is In the blood and the
mucous membrane of the nose, throat and
trachea tries to relieve the system by secret-
ing large quantities of mucus, the discharge
sometimes closing up the nostrils, dropping
Into the throat, causing deafness by closing the
Eustachlan tubes, and After a time causing
catarrh Ol stomach or serious throat and lung
trouble. •
A remedv to really cure catarrh must be an
Internal remedy which will cleanse the blood
from \ catarrhal poison and remove the fever
and congestion from' the mucous membrane.
The best and most modern remedies for thts
purpose are antiseptics scientifically known as
Eucalyptol, Gualacol, Sanyuinaria and Hydras-
tin and while each of these have been success-
fully used separately, yet it has been difficult
to get them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form.
The manufacturers of tbe new catarrh cure.
Stuart'8 Catarrh Tablets, have succeeded ad-
mirably In accomplishing this result. They are
large, pleasant tasting , lozenges, to be dis-
solved in the mouth, thus reaching every part
of the mucous membrane of the throat and
finally the stomach.
Unlike many catarrh remedies Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate or any
Injurious drug whatever and are equally bene-
ficial for little children and' adults. ,
- Mr. C. R. Rembrandt of Rochester, N T
says: "I know of few people who have suf-
fered as much as I from Catarrh of the head
throat and stomach. I used sprays. Inhalers
and powders for months at a time with only
slight relief, and had no hope of cure. I had
not the means to make a change of climate
which seemed ray only chance of cure.
"Last spring Iread an account of. some re-
markable cures made by Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets and promptly bought a fifty cent box from
my druggist and obtained such positive benefit
from that one package that I continued to Sse
them daily, until I now consider myself en-
tirely free from the -disgusting annoyance of
catarrh; my head Is clear, my digestion all I
could ask and my hearing, which had begun
to fall as a result of the catarrh, has greatly
improved, until I feel I can hear m win I»
ever. They are a household necessity Va "m
family. ¦ *
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by drue
gists at 50 cent* for complete treatment
for convenience, safety and prompt results «w£
are undoubtedly the long looked JSStoSh
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'HALF A MAM.
When a man is sick and can only work
half the time he is practically half a man.
It requires his whole physical energy to
do half a man's work.
In general the weak run down . &K&
condition which cuts the strength fJI§§
and energy in half is due to dis- S£§s£
ease of the stomach and other (f 15>
organs of digestion and nutrition. \ „
You could not expect a half V**
starved man to work more jk^»-
than half the time. The -,-*?I5hw^
condition of the man /K^|||i|?f
.with weak stomach is /yaslaaBslfig
that of the half starved jMm8&E&*
man. He is weak
through lack of nutri- l||j[|jjfflPP " j
Dr. Pierce's Golden sB^FJf3S|||jl
Medical Discovery jaBBf fSBJBjSjf
cures diseases of the plsiiS
stomach and other or- §9&[ i^Bfflfl
gans of digestion and BJjmM BfiSBflfl
nutrition. It enables fflii §9fJ£gm|
the perfect nutrition Wk
of the body and so re- f>T$8s& iaraHfii
stores the strength. $ "^S jSraj|ra
" I had stomach troub- P^\
U from birth," writes >«&. EsSf&fli
Mr. Willis Seaman, of liliigi
\Vashinsrton\-illc. Or- VI rllnBJBHI
ange Co.. K. Y.. ««nd snfifered \M&lii§I
with it more or less as I grew up YefSSw '
At the age of 25 I was broken . KUSK«
down witn dvspepsia. My suffer- raoKNs
in# was terrible. Could not eat HHssi
Tntbout distress. Could only eat roS&Xni
t few certain things and was not K^I
Etble to wort half the time. Ev- |«Igiis\
. e TT thing I tried only gave me ISMSa
temporary relief. My wife finally ISI^ui
persuaded me to try Dr. Pierce's Ha?^
Golden Medical Discovery and BRiSl
'Pleasant Pellets.' I took six ijBrai
bottles of ' Golden Medical Dis- m^bm
covery' and two vials of Dortor Htjxa
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. I thea BBSS
felt so well that I stopped takinz Pp^
medicine. Several months have * BKm " .
passed nud I can do the hardest Ml^3
kind of work, can eat anything BBSS
that is set before me and enjoy .
it. I am 27 years old and this /PSy
is the first time I have ever /£^&
Dr. Pierce'e Pleasant "Pellets cure con-
stipa tioa. ..
- — ' . • ; • ¦ • ¦ •
• AD V ±LK.TIs,mn-cLcrTS.
I CARTELS
SIOOEUMOHE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigesfioa and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
¦ : *
I DAINTY
LITTLE 1/11 i %
QUARTER- |J 11 \| I
SAWED a I IS
I TABOURET {^^ | A
! .O5 C . yj
I Let us estimate the cost
I of furnishing your estab-
lishment complete. Lib-
eral credit. Free delivery
in Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley We doss at 6
I except on Saturday.
j T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO., I
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
l 1.LJ- .. UMU .. W ,||,,| |B ||
GOING THROUGH.
A caxeless laundry will go through your
shirt in two washings — worn out as com-
pletely as If you had worn It a year. "W*
save your shirt and 1 save you money. W«
will send for your linen if you send xa
your address.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES~LAUNDRY AS^N.
Office 1OO4 Marks'. Stras:
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Off Ico— 54 San Pablo Ava.
TO THE PUBLIC.
' * have been wender-
4Hrag2gk fully cured of fits and of
MtSBy— *%a b 'P trouble by the fa-
)Jfvr> Xf inoU3 herb doctor, Wong
VSSjC: f Him, of 115-117 Maaoa
mff 1 8t -» s - F - I was nearly
Sfc«S\\ I dead when I came to
£&Fmm I him and the flt3 I had
*^»_A^ were dreadful, but I am
Jm£j m T JS^K. enjoylns perfect health
#jS>y** '«--^Bg^kVi* no%v - * can tel1 &n y on»
TWsSaiaHiifc^Kr of tne "wonderful cures
*W-wss*s3Ii»' he has made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sutter County, Cai.,
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me o£ ail
my ailments. MRS. CHAS. E., DOTY,
Meridian. Sutter County, CaL
January 21. 1002. £
SAN JTtANCISCO. Oct. «.: 1000. — To whom
It may concern: This Is to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney- trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
in every sense of the word, and an honorabl*
man in all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAT.
Dentist, 902 Second ave., Seattle, "Wash.
December 15. 1900. — Thl3 is to certify that I
was sufferlnsr for fifteen years from Bright" 3
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. "Wong Him of
115-117 Mason st.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this In my
appreciation of Dr. "Wong Him and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this In person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
MR3. JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst.' Alameda County, CaL
The "Dr. ¦^f-'^L Aid en Klectrio
Belt" (with. ~2s&$)- • a ¦ p • n sorr) la
guaranteed to possess all th»
curative properti** of tne expensive belts
now sold by doctors and druggist j. It gtve»
a very strong: current of electricity and is
easily regulated. Bound, .to superseds
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call «V Address PIERCE! ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 20e PobC »t-. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New Tort.
DR. BALL'S REINYIGOR ATORjWTE?
Stops all loses la 24 hours. Five M? «* jit
hundred reward for any case we BP** *"¦?
cannot cure. This secret remedy B j
cure3 Emissions, Impotency RKJ SRf
Varliocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet! PrH Sfl
Strictures, Drains, lost Man- li'lll id 1
nood and all other wasting ef- i^~*l S-f
lects of self-abuse or excesses EEsSsiffiE
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. S3: guarantecl
i?.?^ 8 ? 7 ca8e - C* 11 or address order*
HALL S MEDICAL INSTITUTE SW Broad- ,
way, Oakland, Cal. Also for sals at 10»3&
Market »t. 8. F. Send for free book.BRITONS WANT
NO "CRIMPING"
LONDON, Feb. 5.— The Associated Pres3
has the htghest official authority tor
denying the story printed by the Kreuz
Zeitung of Berlin to-day as to the part
taken by Lord Pauncefote, the British
Embassador at Washington. In the Span
ish-American war intervention, In spite of
the confirmation of the story by the Ger
man Foreign Office.
Afterward, in June and July, while the
United States was making great progress in the
Philippines. England tried to induce the Span
ish commission in England to ask for peace
proposals, for to no power was the American
encroachment in the Pacific , more annoying
than to England. i
The above is the historical connection of
events. We hope that In giving the same we
have thoroughly exposed the absurdity of the
English legend.
Diplomatic circles, however, entertained no
illusions, and when England. April 14, through
her Embassador. proposed a new collective
note,- in which the powers should declare that
Europe regarded America' 9 armed intervention
in Cuba as unjustifiable, the other Embassa
dors telegraphed to their home governments
asking lor instructions. The step failed
through Germany's positive refusal. This
gives, as It appears to us, a picture essentially
different from the English statement. A fort
night later war was declared.
We are unable to state the details of how
the united action came about* At any rate,
the collective note was handed to the officials
at Washington April 7, advising a peaceable
settlement, and was signed by England.
France. Italy. Austria. Russia and Germany.
It was believed for a week that the war would
be. averted. General Blanco received orders
from Madrid to offer the Cuban insurgents an
armistice, for Spain was resolved to give them
far-reaching autonomy, and to arrive at a
settlement .of the Maine question through ar
bitration.
After that several attempts were made to
win Germany, or the Dreibund, for interven
tion, in which tbe Pope was especially active.
The final result waa that Dr. von HoUeben
(German Embassador to the United States)
was instructed to join in the step proposed by
Austria, only in case all the other flv« great
powers participated. . . . •
This was in the weeks following ' the sad
catastrophe of the Maine, when it waa be
lieved intervention would facilitate an under
standing between the United States and Spain.
Nevertheless our Government commissioned
Herr von Radowitz, the German Embassador
to Spain, to inform the Madrid Government
that Germany was not in a position to -prevent
the Spanish-American war. •
- Almost exactly four years ago the Spanish
Embassador here asked Germany whether Ger
many would lead In action against the United
States for the protection of the monarchic prin
ciple. The answer was a definite refusal, and
the same answer. was given a month later, 'or
about the middle of March, when the Invita
tion reached Germany td participate in the
intervention undertaken upon the initiative of
Austria.
BERLIN, Feb. 5.— The German Foreign
Office confirms th© substantial accuracy
of the subjoined statement, which the
Kreuz Zeitung prints to-day, relative to
Germany's course toward the United
State3 during the war with Spain. A cor
respondent understands that the article
was prepared by Professor Schiemann,*
professor of history at the Berlin Univer
sity, who enjoys special official sources .
of information. After a preface, quoting
the statement made by a British Foreign
Office official to a newspaper man Janu
ary 21 last. It says:
German Foreign Office Con
firms Statement Made
in Berlin.
Recital of Facts Relat
ing to Attitude of
Europe.
WHY POWERS
DID NOT ACT
IN LATE WAR
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.— Announcement was
made here of the organization of the Railway
Bteel Spring: Company under the laws of New
Jersey to take over, all the concerns in this
country that manufacture Bteel ' springs ' for
railroad equipments. The capital of the com-
Dany will be $20,000,000. . ,
Victim of a Runaway Accident.
William Jones, colored, died at St.
Mary's Hospital yesterday from the ef
fects of Injuries received in a runaway
accident January 17.. .'Jones was a piano
player, employed In a saloon at 30 .Turk
street: He went buggy riding with! Fred
Smith, a saloon-keeper,- and 'they had
several drinks, and the horse ran away,
dumping them upon the hard macadam
of a Golden Gate Park driveway. Smith
»»- KuLf. slightly injured.
PARIS, Feb. 5.— The civil court to-day
heard the claim of a Parisian lace.manu
facturer against Miss Sybil Sanderson for
18,951 francs for lace purchased • in 1S99.
The defense of Miss Sanderson was that
she had been promised all the time sne
wanted In order to pay this amount, and
as her Income was only 50.000 francs; she
wanted ten years. The defendant also
declared the prices on the lace to be ex
orbitant. The court will render Judgment
next week. ' . . •- . .
"Wants Ten Years to Pay.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.-The following
Californians are in New York:_From San
Francisco— Mrs. de la Saille, at the Ven
dorre; E: A. Fischer, at the Delavan; W.
S. Martin and wife, T. M. Sullivan, at
the Holland; J. G. Paton. Mrs. George,
at the Imperial; S. L,. K. von Baggen, at
the Hoffman; Miss Keeney, at the Neth
crland; Mrs. M. J. Turner, at the Grand
Union. ¦¦; ;- ¦¦: ¦-. . ¦ ¦
From L*>s Angeles— Mrs. F. Ho well, at
the Park Avenue. •-..,,
Californians in New York.
The Rev. F. W. Kennedy, a missionary
from Japan is at the Occidental with his
wife and family.
Francis Hodgkins is here on his honey
moon with his bride from Stockton, for
merly Miss Mae Budd. They are stay-
Ing at the Palace.
Mrs. Robert Le Boutlller, wife of the
well-known dry goods merchant of Phil
adelphia, is at the Palace.
John Fonga. deputy clerk of the United
States District Court, is confined to his
home by sickness.
Alexander Kerr, the wholesale grocer
of Portland, Or., is a guest at the Palace.
Mme. Genevra Bishop, the well-known
vocalist of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. Smith, a mining man of Placervllle,
is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. G. C. Simmons of Sacramento is at
the Occidental with his wife.
H. P Stabler, a fruit grower of Tuba
City, is a guest at the Lick.
W. F. Detert. a mining man of Jack
son, is among the arrivals at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The center aisle has been converted Into
a bridal 'path formed of Easter lilies at
tached to the backB-of pews and so graded
that a view of the bridal party as they
stand at the altar is not obscured." The
walls of the church are festooned with
eouthern smilax, topped off with great
clusters of Easter lilies and held in place
by bows of white ribbons. At home
of the bride white lilacs will take the
place of lilies in decorations.
The bride's bouquet will be of orange
blossoms and white orchids, tied witl\
white satin ribbon, and the bridesmaids
will carry lilies of the valley and white
orchids, 'tied with white ribbon.
All day the! bridal gifts and- flowers have
been arriving at the Hay residence. Out
of town guests to the wedding have been
arriving here and the fashionable hotels
are filling up with the prominent Tlew
Yorkers and others who are to participate
in the event. It recalls days of former
administrations to see the Whitneys and
other well-known persons, who formerly
held official positions here, mingling with
the crowds in the hotel corridors or drlv-
Inp down the avenues. Former Secretary
Whitney and Miss Dorothy Whitney are
at the Arllneton.
. The floral decorations at the church are
on a most elaborate and artistic scale.
The pulpit platform and the organ beyond
are completely hidden behind towering
palms, thus forming a background for an
immeose cascade of Easter lilies, jetting
out In all directions. At each end of the
platform Is a twelve-light candelabrum,
ten feet high, surrounded by Easter lilies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. -WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— Social
Washington is busy to-night discussing
the Whitney-Hay wedding, which takes
place here tomorrow. It was intended
that the ceremony should be performed
with as little display as possible, owing
to the recent family bereavements, but
the programme has been changed.
Elaborate Arrangements
for Whitney-Hay
v^ • Wedding. £
KT. PAUL. Minn... Feb. 5. — The State Board
of Pardons to-day refused to grant the petition
for an absolute parden for James and Cole
Younger, and the two noted convicts have to
remain in Minnesota, being now out on parole,
but limited to the State borders. )
NEW YORK. Feb. 5.— The directors of the
St. Louis Southwestern have practically de
cided on a bond issue to be employed in re
tiring the present one of $10,000,000 second
mortgage Income and also to provide for
equipment for new acquisitions.
WATERLOO. Iowa.,.Feb. 5.— Mrs. Ed Kush
ner and two children were burned to death in
their home last night in a fire caused by the
overturniEg of a lamp. One other child waa
fatally burned and three others seriously in
jured.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 6. — H. A. Aldrach. a
young man who claims to have a. wife and
children in Utah, waa to-day held to answer
to the Superior Court on a charge of passing
bogus checks for $50 upon F. M. Jones.
ALTURAS. Feb. 5.- -The brewery and soda
works of L. A. Wheeler in Cedarvllle waa
damaged to-day to the extent of $2500. :
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 5.— The remains
of Edward and John Biddle were quietly
interred in a single grave at Calvary
Cemetery this morning. Not more than
twenty-five persons, including 1 the brother.
Harry Biddle, accompanied the bodies to
the grave. At the cemetery Rev. Father
Sweeney read the burial service of the
Roman Catholic church.
Burial of the Biddies.
Boers Are Sorely Pressed
by the Pursuing
British.
LONDON, Feb. 5.-Lord Kitchener has
sent the following message from Pretoria :
"Major Leader's force surprised Delarey's
commando, killing seven and capturing
131. The British casualties were ..slight,
no British, being killed."> ' '.,,•¦ ; v
The British pursuit of General Dewet
has been successful to the extent '; that']
bis last gun has been captured, aha Com- j
mandant Wessels, one of his principal |
lieutenants, . has been routed. Vyjord
Kitchener sent the news .in a dispatch
from Pretoria, dated February 4, as fol
lows: •
Byng'o column while proceeding toward Lle
benburgvlei, after a night march, attacked and
routed a considerable force of the enemy under
Commandant Wessels. We captured a flfteen
pounder and a pompom taken from Firman's
column, and also a Boer pompom that was the
last gun Dewet had, and three ¦ wagons of
ammunition, 160 \ horses and 100 mules. The
Boer casualties were I five men killed, six
wounded and twenty-seven men captured.
Among the killed was Field Cornet Wessels.
Among the prisoners Is Captain Muller of the
Staats Artillery. The enemy was scattered. Our
CRHunltles were slight.
The national scouts near Mlddleburg, Cape
Colony, captured thirteen prisoners.
Plumer, near Amersfoort, Transvaal, cap
tured seven prisoners and 500 head of cattle.
General Gilbert Hamilton captured twelve
prisoners. ""_>. > -
Eush to Alaska Begins.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 5.—
The steamer City of Seattle, sailing north
to-day, carried seventy-five % passengers,
most of whom are old miners who are re
turning north. They had a* number of
dogs and their, return. so early in the sea
son is due to the fact that they have word
that new arid rich diggings have been
found and they' desire to be among the
first to reach them. -.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 5.— Fire broke out
In the Native Sons' Hall in Occidental at
10 o'clock to-night and for a time threat
ened to destroy the entire town. From
the Native Sons* Hall the flames spread
to the general merchandise store of
Joseph Asti and McCandle ! Brothers'
blacksmith shop. All of these buildings
were . badly damaged. The Franchesci
Hotel and the Occidental newspaper of
fice narrowly escaped destruction. The
total loss is estimated at $10,030.
Flames Sweep Occidental.
There was a wedding last evening at
St. John's Evangelical Church, at which
Miss Wilhelmina Endllch and Louis G.
H. Thoene were 'principals. The bride
was attired in a ; white . gown of pina
cloth over taffeta, trimmed: with ruch
lngs of white grenadine ribbon and ecru
Normandy insertion. The tulle veil wa3
fastened with myrtle and the bride car
ried a bouquet of lilies of the valley. The
matron of honor was Mrs. H. Grieb, while
the two bridesmaids were Misses Anna
Leeger and Anna Cattermole. Captain
H Grieb acted as groomsman. Master
Herbert Grieb was ring bearer and little
Evans. Mrs. Fletcher, Mrs. A. T. Vogelsang,
Mrs. Frederick Hewlett, Mrs. John R. Loose
ly, Mrs. William M. Sesnon, Miss Gunn, Mlsa
Marie Voorhies, Miss Hughes, Miss Peck, Mids
Ardella Mills and Miss Buckbee.
DEWET'S LAST
GUN IS LOST
A pretty luncheon was given Tuesday
to Miss Phoebe Painter by Miss Paula
Wolff at " her | home, 1312 .Washington
street. Besides the' bridal party those
present were Miss Painter, Miss Azalea
Keyes. Miss Spieker, Miss Williamson and
Miss. Paula Wolff.
Mis.s» Henrietta^-de Witt Allen and Miss
Frances Allen were "at home" yesterday
and received many callers. :
Edna Nichols flower girl. The % ceremony
was performed by Rev. Mr. Kroehnke.
After the wedding a supper was given
at the Maison Alladio, at which covers
were laid for thirty, one of. the guests
being. Mrs. A. A. Kndllch. who came
from Silver City, N. M., to attend;
.The couple will reside with Mr. and M*-s.
Frank Endllch at 3029 Van Ness avenue;
By this time Mrs. Talent was running
to the house, while the flames enveloped
her clothing. The man overtook her as
she reached the door. ' He tore off her
outer garment and then dashed into the
house and got a blanket. I With this he
succeeded in extinguishing the flames.
The physician who was called could
offer no hope for the sufferer.
HANFORD. Feb. 5.— Mrs. Patrick Tal
ent, a wealthy resident. of this city, was
fatally burned at her residence this morn
ing. Workmen had built a fire in the
yard, but it had burned down when Mrs.
Talent went into the yard to give direc
tions to the men. She stood close to the
dying embers and before she knew it her
clothing was afire. Mrs.» Talent's scream
attracted the attention of a man working
on a building. He had to run the length
of the building and climb down a ladder.
ceives Burns That Will Cause
Her Death.
Mrs. Patrick Talent of Hanford Re-
STANDS OVER THE DYING
EMBERS OP A BONFIRT2
CHICAGO. Feb. Ci-At 2 o'clock th!s
morning ten bodies had been recovered
Iropi the rains of the Trostle house. They
nad been identified as: Otto Trostle. Mrs.
Ausrjsta Trostle, Annie Trostle (11 years
cMK Lena Trostle (7 years old). Sophie
Kneippe (domestic in the Trostle family).
2«^ trestle Jr., Mrs. Mamie Rosenthal
H^tifiT ' an unknown man and an un
identified woman.
Many Persons Are Injured.
Many persons irybuildings near the ex
plosions were knocked down. Scores of
rnen and women, many or them carrving
children, rushed to the streets fhev
were greeted by the glare of the fire from
the manholes. Fearing further explosions
the people rushed down the street, manv
of th women screaming: with fright On
several street cars near the place the
windows were smashed, and the passen
gers severely shaken up. When people
ta the cars saw the flames gush from the
ground all rushed for the doors. A num
ber of persons were bruised and knocked
down in the excitement. One car filled
with passengers was thrown from the
tracks.
.The cause of the explosion Is unknown
and it has not yet been determined
whether it was sewer gas or illuminating
eas. Mains ruled with the latter were in
stantly ablaze after the explosion and a
tuccession of explosions followed the
Hames shooting up through the manholes
in the street, it will be alfficult to ascer
tain whether illuminating gas exploded
or whether the mains were uroken by an
explosion of sewer gas.
i^any people living in the vicinity be
lieve that the first explosion was in a
mam at 1 wenty-second street and Archer
avenue. Then the manhole, half a block
south on Archer avenue, was thrown Into
the air Dy a loud explosion. Flames leap-
En A r P ared , from the hole - Tn P «re
spread below the street, and smaller man
noles were blown Into the air
Hl'{! e ; fl ? m H: from the first eas maln shot
.5 * In L° aJr and reached, with the
™ ol L th £ • Wlnd ' the Tr °stle butcher shop
Ihe building was a three-story frame
structure, and. it iad-been weakened anU
nearly wrecked by the siock. It is sup
posed that the occupants of the buildimr
were knocked unconscious or were too ¦
panic-stricken to rush from the place.
?£ e h. ™ cau ST ht the weather-worn
timbers. The dry and rotting wood was
food for the fire, and in an instant the
names had enveloped the structure With
a roar the building collapsed, and the oc
cupants with one exception, were car
ried *ith It to the basement.
The adjoining building, a two-story
structure, flared up, the next building was <
wrapped in flames, and then another ;
structure caught lire. It seemed that the
whole block would be wiped out before
tht firemen could bring the blaze under !
control. A fire wall of a brick building at I
Archer avenue and Twenty-second street j
held the fire In that direction. On the
west of the burning buildings were two i
Fm&il one-story cottages. They were a
few fe*t from the burning buildings, and '
iS t diS v Jff t the 1 5S iea an opportunlt >' <* j
Among the Injured are: Sing Wan,
Twenty-third street and Archer avenue,
blown through window, cut and bruised;
Mrs. W. J. McLeod, cut and badiy
bruised; Timothy Alernahan. fireman,
hands badly burned; J. f. Collins, street
car conductor, blown through car from
end to end, cut ana slight internal in
juries; A. Barnes, streetcar conductor,
Dlcwn from car into street, badly bruised.
Xhe list of injured might be ex
tended to 75 or liw, as there were many
people in the neighborhood who sustalnd
slignt injuries from flying glass or slight
bruises caused by falls, but whose names
have not been reported. Only one of the
bodies of Uie dead— that of little Lena
Trostle— has been recovered. All that is
known of the tate of me other twelve re
ported, dead is that they are thought to
nave been— most of them, are known to
have been— in the demolished houses and
since the explosion no trace of them has
been found.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Thirteen lives were
lost, many persons were slightly Injured,
two buildings at S72 and 374 Twenty-second
street were wrecked and $50,000 damage
was done by an explosion of gas to-night
at the Intersection of Twenty-second
street and Archer avenue. The dead are:
OTTO TBOSTLE, 30 years of age;
butcher.
MRS OTTO TROSTLE, 30 years of age.
OTTO TROSTLE JR., 2 years oi age.
LENA TROSTLE, 7 years of aga.
AXXA TROSTLE. 9 years of age.
MAMIE TROSTLE, 11 years of age.
FRED TROSTLE, butcher, nephew of
Otto Trostle, 23 years of age.
SOPHIE KNEIPPE, domestic in tna
Trostle family.
MARY ROSENTHAL, 32 years of age,
2111 Purple street.
MRS. M. KAUFERT, 374 Twenty-second
street.
EDWARD KAUFERT. 14 years of age.
MAMIE KAUFERT, 4 years of age.
AXDREW KOLB, roomer with Mrs.
Ka ufer t.
Seven Members of One Fam
ily Numbered Among
Victims.
Before the vote was declared there was
an angry anti-Cecil demonstration. Both
Lord Hugh and Evelyn Cecil used every
Parliamentary trick to delay reaching a
vote within the time limits of Wednesday
and when they returned to the House
from, the lobbies both of Lord Salisbury's
relatives were greeted with angry cries of
"Shame," "Churlish," and similar epi
thets. • " t
Sir William Gurdon (Liberal) reminded
the Cecils that the bill did not provide for
compulsory "marriage with a deceased
wife's sister and he convulsed the House
by reading a letter from a woman friend,
telling him of a man who had married the
eldest of seven sisters. "What a terrible
thing it would be," said the writer, "if
this bill becomes a law and this man's
wife died. He would have to marry all
his seven sisters-in-law at once! It would
be no better than a harem."
The Cecils, as usual, appeared in the
forefront of the opposition to the bill.
Lord Hugh Cecil, fifth son of Lord Salis
bury and Conservative member for Green
wick, and Evelyn Cecil, also a family con
nection of the Premier and Conservative
member for Aston Manor, drew harrow
ing pictures of the disturbance which the
passage of the measure would bring about
in the happy relations of many a sister
in-law and how the comforts the latter
was capable of rendering the husband
when he had lost his wife would be with
drawn should a Parliament hint be given
that such consolation would be a step
toward future matrimony.
The advocates of the measure to-day
brought forward all the old arguments,
especially dwelling on colonial legislation,
which is considered to be an unanswer
able argument in favor of the bill. The
loyalty of the colonies during the South
African war is advanced as an additional
reason for the removal of the injustice
which the present law inflicts on a large
number of children who are the fruit of
colonial marriages.
LONDON, Feb. 5.— The perennial wife's
Bister bill reappeared in Parliament to-day
In a form identical of thatiof last. year.
On fourteen occasions the House of Com
mons has affirmed the principle of the bill,
which, however, has always met with in
surmountable obstruction, generally from
the Bishops in the upper house.
RARE FLOWERS
AWAIT A BRIDE
Mrs. J. O'B. Gunn, Mrs. A. H. Voorhles,
Mrs. Alphonoso Wigmore. Mrs. Josephine de
Greayer, Mrs. Frederick G. Sanborn, Mrs.
Charles T. Vogelsane. Mrs. William A. Sned
aker. Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. Clinton E.
Worden, Mrs. Edgar A. Belchor, Mrs. Wake
fleld Baker, Mrs. J. Stow Ballard, Mrs. W. K.
Eckart. Mrs. William Hood, Mrs. George A.
Heazelton, Mrs. Marvin R/ Higglns, Mrs.
Lowe. Mrs. Charles A. Laton, Mrs. E. O. llc-
Cormick. Mrs. H. J. Maxwell. Mrs. William J.
Shotwell, Mrs. Charles J. Woods, Mrs. R. H.
Warfield, Mrs. Wllliard B. Harrington, Mrs.
John F. Swift, Mrs. A. H. Vail, Mrs. Oliver P.
Those present were:
A reception was held at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. CharU-g
F. Mullins, 1809 Gough street, after the
wedding at the church.
Dr. and Mrs. Clark will live for. the
present at the Mullins home. - ," •
Mrs. Harry Grey was hostess at a large
luncheon vesterday in the red room of
the Bohemian Club. Forty guests .were
seated at the immense round table and
the scene was a pretty one. Spring blos
soms were used for decorations and they
were arranged with dainty and artistic
effects. The luncheon extended through
most of the afternoon and strains of mu
sic added to the enjoyment of the guests.
On the whole ft was a delightful affair.
Dr. C. Clark Collins, U. S. A., acted as
best man and the ushers were Dr. W. A.
McVean, U. S. A.;. Lieutenant Ralphi
Brower, U. S. A.; Knox Maddox, Frank
Owen, B. C. Carroll and Ralph Hart.
The bride has been very popular and so
ciety was well represented. It was. quite
a military wedding, as the groom has
only recently severed his connection with
the array. ,
The marriage of Miss Maud Mullins and
Dr. John Rogers Clark occuri*^ last even
ing at Grace Episcopel Church. Rev. R.
C. Fqute performed the ceremony in the
presence of several hundred friends.
The bride was attired in white net ap
plique over white taffeta. The bridal veil,
of white tulle, was held in the hair by
orange blossoms. The bouquet was lilies
of the valley. Miss Leontine Blakeman,
maid of honor, wore a ¦ beautiful pink
gown. It was a rainbow wedding, those
tints being carried out in the decorations
and gowns of the bridal party. Two of
the bridesmaids wore yellow, two green
and two pale blue. The bridesmaids were
Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss Ethel Hager,
Miss Mamie Polhemus, Miss Charlotte
Elllnwood, Miss Gertrude Van Wyck and
Miss Alida Ghlrardelll.
• • •
• - • •
h?™^ F tl° rence ., L Bal "nger will to-day
become the bride yjf air Ec Macfar
lane of Honolulu, fthehappy coupit will
?h« V K ry^ S ule "y married at the home of
i£,in^j2 eS « rnother ' Mrs -- Watson. Miss
£r! s , a P°P ula r San Francisco
girl and daughter of the late Frank Bal-
™ e > iJ« Orm^ rl ,Y, a Prominent newspaper
man. Miss Ballinger possesses a rare ar
tistic beauty that wins quite as much ad
miration as her charm of manner. Mr.
Macfarlane comes of one of the best
families. The lucky bachelor is being
congratulated everywhere upon his good
fortune.
pTir^ HE social event of yesterday was
I undoubtedly the Huntington
1 dance. Miss Elizabeth Hunting-
UL ton entertaining in' honor A>f Miss
Hazel Noonan of Q Los Angeles
and Miss Louise Redington. The guests
comprised fifty of the younger set, who
have been looking forward to, the affair
for days with absorbing interest. The,
beautiful home of H. E. Huntington at
2840 Jackson street was thrown open last
evening and the chaining hospitality
which characterizes thft family was dis
pensed to all. Miss Huntington received
the guests alone. The drawing rooms
were too elegant and artistic to admit of
any special decoration at this time, ex
cept a few vases 'of roses and an occa
sional touch of foliage. The ballroom^
downstairs was decorated, in excellent
taste, foliage and red Chinese lanterns
being the principal scheme for the Ori
ental effects produced. A delightfully in
iormai dance was enjoyed Dy the young
People, ana supper Wius served at miu
-,ij s tf Tf Iter . wmtn dancing was resumed.
inmitir^^ 1 Huntln S lon and MLss ciara :
wuiitiugton also lent tneir presence and
aaded inucn to Hhe comfort ana pleasure
hPnmff suests - Ther « were dozens of
ev^rv BOwns and ha PPy f aces, while
tZVZ* » e seem ed to reaaze the nigheat
expectations tor the evening.
Wife's Sister Bill Again Makes
Appearance in Par
liament.
Terrible Disaster Causes
Loss of Life in
Chicago.
Uproar Caused by Salis
bury's Relatives in
the Commons.
Miss Elizabeth Huntington Entertains in Honor of Miss Hazel Noonan and
Miss Louise Redington— Miss Florence I. Ballinger Becomes a Bride.
Mullins-Clark Weddingat Grace Episcopal Church-.— Other Social Events
EXPLOSION'S
DEATH ROLL
IS THIRTEEN
SOCIETY'S YOUNGER SET ENJOYS BALL
TO WHICH IT HAD LOOKED FORWARD
CECILS AROUSE
LAWMAKERS' IRE
-- PHILADELPHIA', - Feb. , 5.— A: Mackey-
Smith. rector' of St. John's Episcopal Church,'
Washington, » D. C. was to-day elected co
adjutor to . Bishop /WTiittaker of the Pennsyl
vania diocese. • ¦ : .
VICTORIA. B. C, Feb. 5.— A five-year
contract has been entered into between
the British Government and the Canadian
Pacific Railway, for the conveyance of
troops, mails and stores, between Halifax,
Quebec,..' Montreal and Hongkong. • For
this service the Canadian line will, re
ceive C0.000 pounds sterling as a subsidy
yearly,, of which the Canadian Govern
ment will contribute 15,000 pounds ster
ling. • A stipulation is made that the lin
ers of the Canadian Pacific Railway are
liable to ¦ war serviceand are to be con
structed under admiralty supervision.
Subsidy for Canadian Pacific- '
Admiral von Baudlssin visited . the Gov
ernor of the Danish West Indies at noon.
He dined with the j Governor to-night.
When the admiral landed he was saluted
by the shore battery. The Governor vis
ited the admiral on board the Hohenzol
lern this afternoon. . ¦ --...
The report that Prince William Eltel
Frederick is on board the Hohenzollern
is untrue.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— Prince Henry
during hisj visits to /Washington will stop
at the German Embassy. The German
Embassador's residence, however, will not
accommodate the large array of attend
ants accompanying the . Prince, and his
suite will stay at the New Willard Hotel,
occupying the entire floor above the of
fice and lobby. \ , , , ....• " , ' - , (
The musicians were not on board the
Hohenzollern; they will go to the United
States on the Kronprinz Wilhelm, with
Prince Henry. It appears thattfhe Ho
henzollern never fires salutes. , I •
ST/ THOMAS, D. W. I., Feb. 5.— The
German imperial yacht Hohenzollern
(which left Kiel January IS and touched
at Gibraltar January 23) arrived here this
morning. •'.¦'...- ,
Admiral Count von Baudlssln, the com
mander, was seen on board the yacht. He
said that the Hohenzollern had had an
unusually tine voyage through the North
Sea, over the Bay. of Biscay and the At
lantic and that no' incident of importance
occurred during ths trip. The Hohenzol
lern will coal heje Thursday and will
leave next Saturday for Bermuda, where
she expects to arrive after a run of about
two and one-half .days. - At Bermuda the
yacht will coal and remain one day and
a half. She will then leave for New York,
and hopes to make the run from Bermuda
to that port in forty hours. Or, she may
await fine weather at Bermuda. Admiral
von Baudissln expressed pleasure at his
approaching visit to the United . States.
The Hohenzollern is a magnificent boat.
Her rooms are finished in birdseye ma
ple and rosewood and are beautifully pa
pered and decorated with quantities of
the pictures, photographs and sketches
collected during the tours made by Em
peror William. , •
Emperor William's Float
ing Palace Has a Safe
Voyage.
IMPERIAL YACHT
IS AT ST. THOMAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TH^
BEAUTIFUL SAN FRANCISCO GIRL WHO WILL BE UNITED IN MAR
RIAGE TO-DAY TO E. C. MACFARLANE OF HONOLULU AT THE.
HOME OF THE BRIDE'S MOTHER. • . •. '
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— The Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations to-day ordered a
favorable report* on the treaty to acquire the
Danish West Indies. : No amendment was made
to the treaty In committee.
Further explanation was made to the
effect that the President had begun an
examination into the case on his own re
sponsibility by wiring to Cheyenne for
particulars concerning the man who was
imprisoned there and who is supposed to
have been Daniels, and by telegraphing
to Daniels himself, instructing him not to
enter on the discharge of his duties until
the charges made could be Investigated.
It was stated that there was some doubt
as to the Identity of Daniels with the
Wyoming convict. With these explana
tions the •matter was dropped for the
time. Senators generally express the
opinion that if the charges prove to be
true Daniels will be discharged from of
fice." » • . .
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— In the execu
tive session of the Senate to-day the nom
ination of Benjamin- Daniels !tt> be Mar
shal of the Territory of Arizona was con
tinued. 'Senator Hoar, as chairman of the
Committee on Judiciary, which reported
favorably on the nomination, explained
that .Daniels' commission already had
been issued, rendering it impracticable to
adopt Senator Teller's motion to recon
siuer the vote by which he had been con
firmed.
the Senate Defers Action in
the Case.
President Roosevelt Investigates and
MARSHAL'S NOMINATION
THE CAUSE OF INQUIRY
Regarding ship subsidies. Colonel Rop
ner said the United States would proba
i bly pass a ship subsidy bill, with the re
sult that there would be a rapid exten
sion of the United States mercantile navy
and keener competition, which .would re
quire all thd energy and enterprise of
! British ship owners to meet.
> The chamber unanimously passed a res
olution urging the British Government to
make an effort to secure the exemption
of British ships from the payment of ton
nage tax levied at United States ports,
and use its good offices to induce
United States, pending further legislation,
to enforce the present Federal and State
laws in regard to the desertion of sea
men and the payment of "blood money."
The president read a letter from the
British Consul. at San Francisco, saying
that seamen are not obtainable without
"blood money," but Colonel Ropner ex
's plained that this was because there was
always a superabundance of seamen dur
ing the first few months of the year.
Another resolution urging that the
Government pay. earnest attention to the
serious injury sustained by British ship
ping in consequence of the application of
the coastwise laws of the United States
to the territories recently acquired by
that country.
LONDON, Feb. 5.— At the annual meet
ing of the Chamber of Shipping of the
United Kingdom to-day several points in
teresting to the United \ States -were
raised. Colonel Emll Ropner, 'M? P., pres
ident of the organization, referred to
"crimping" and "blood money", in the
United States. He said the ,chamber
earnestly hoped the British Embassador
at Washington would succeed in inducing
the United States' Government to pass
legislation making "crimping" a criminal
offense.
Question of "Blood Money" in
This City Talked Of
in London.
English Shipping Men
Suggest New Amer
ican Law.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sight Restored at 77.
Mrs. Lucinda Hammond was
Cured of Cataracts on Both
Eyes when 77 Years Old
Sty Dr. Coffee's Ab-
sorption Treatment.
In Dr. w. O. Coffee's RO paee free book. " TJae
New System of Treating: Diseases of the Eye."
Mrs. Lucinda Hammond tells how Dr. Coffee
cured ber of cataracts on both eyes. It also
contains tbe history of every kind of eye
disease, with colored illustrations of affected
eyes. Write today for yourself or some friend,
MBS. LCCIKDA HAMMOND.
She Writes. .
"This Is to certify that I am 77 years old;
that I live in Nebraska, in tbe town of Aurora:
that I commenced to lose my sicbt over ono
year zeo from cataracts on both eyes. I com-
menced treatment under Dr. W. O. Coffee for
the cure of cataracts by Absorption. 1 have
carried on this treatment for nearly five
months and yesterday he turned me off as
perfectly cured.
1 can see as perfectly as I ever did, can
1 nread a needle without glasses: and I want
to say to anyone afflicted with any disease of
t!ic eyes, or blindness, that Dr. Coffee's new
Absorption method does cure them and that
fbls terms are very moderate."
Dr. Coffee's book— a veritable
encyclopedia, tells how ho
cures every eye trouble-cata-
racts, weak or watery eyes.
granulated Uds. falling: fight,
scums or blindness, complete
paralysis of the optic nerve
executed. Book Is free and
may show you or some mom ber
of your family, or friend, the
war to liffht. Address
OR. W. 0. COFFEE. 920 Good Block. Det Moines, la.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
They Sell All Kinds of Hair Prepara-
tions, and Fear to Discriminate.
Druggists; sell all kinds of hair prepara-
tions i apd as a rule they, are ; wisely, chary
ofv giving preference to any particular
one, but- many - of : them have come out
plainly for Newbro's Herpicide, the ' new
treatment that absolutely kills: the "dan-
druff germ. H. Swannell' & Son, Cham-
paign, 111., -. say: " "One customer . of ¦ ours
who did not have a hair on top of his head
•when he,began;to use Herpicide, now has
a' fair start^towardaa good head of hair.
,We. believe Herpicide to be by far the best
preparation* . of its * kind on .the "¦ market.';'
Hundreds of similar' testimonials ¦ from
everywhere. I
' " ¦ /J&WBKSSfl ' 49^^ lSi Kin
L, — — -r ,
¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ Ul-€- • -..'•</ ¦ ¦ ' . j
- No" one knows better j
i what a suit is worth
than the maker of it
. We know the value of our gio, made-to-measure J
suits — we know how they are made and w bat they are !
made of. What a person knows is a fact — an incon- !
. trovertib'e, absolute fact. From pur :khowledge of these ;
' suits we know that they will bearastrong guarantee— ¦ ;
a guarantee that means something to the customer, be- i
cause it protects him. If a customer is displeased with-' '
one of the suits he can have his-rrioney back; if the cus-
tomer keeps the suit he is entitled to a year's repairing j
free. Here is protection for him in every way.
The guarantee certainly proves that we have entire
faith in the suits. The suits are worth the money — no '
question about it; they will wear satisfactorily — we h.we
seen them tested.
Samples are free for the asking. Would you like
some? : . [ :
Out-of-town orders for made-io-order cfothinj filled -satisfactory fit
assured through our self-measuring system— write for samples.
718 Market St. and j
Cor. Powell Srt Eddy Streets ;*¦,Harry Emery, S30 Geary street, secured
a warrant from Judge Cabaniss yester
day afternoon for the arrest of Charles:
BrockwayJ a clairvoyant at '¦'¦ 1052 "• Ellis
street,' on a charge of obtaining- . money
by false pretenses. Emery 'alleges that
In -August last he met Brockway, who
told him he could Instruct him- into the
science, of speaking directly with the
spirits of the dead $nd give him clair
voyant power. Emery placed himself un
der Brockway's care and altogether gave
him $53 as fees. Finally he says Brock-
Way admitted to him that It was all a
"fake" and be couia not carry out "the
agreement. . • ¦ ¦• - - .
Clairvoyant Is Accused of Swindling-.
as .fast as he could from them. He did
not think they followed him, and he did
not see any weapons. '•" ,
J Only Reliable : Coal Dealers
Sell ' Tester Briquettes, $9 per toh. Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and grate. Phone
South 1)5 about them. .-. - •
N. S.' Hand, the. handicapper of 113
Stockton street; gave his subscribers five
more straight winners yesterday,; his only,
loser being ( Chandoo, w,ho ran away two
miles, while his seconu choice, Estemell,
won the race ; making practically a'clean
sweep of the card. Hand trot through a
combination which paid $1460. .- •" ;*>|
HANDICAPPER HAND
:' STILL IN LUCK
President, Mrs. M. Samuels; vice president
Mrs. M. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs. H r!
Asher; secretary, Mrs. H. Lippman. "
Trustees — Mrs. -L. Brenner, Mrs P N Aron
son. Mrs. J. Prescott. Mrs. Sol Getz, Mrs W
[Rosenberg, Mrs: M. H. Lichtenstein and Mrs'
R. Goodman.
The society has expended 52859 01 during
the past year, leaving a surplus of $490 74
in the treasury. It has 435 members.
At a meeting of the Ladies' United He
brew Benevolent Society the following
named w r ere chosen as officers for the cur
rent term and were duly installed:
Benevolent Hebrew Ladies.
Protest Against . Opening' Ingleside.
The resolutions recently adopted by the
Law arid Order League protesting against
the opening of Ingleside racetrack- were
filed yesterday with the Board of Super
visors. The protest will ; be considered
when the ordinance comes vbefore. the
board at next Monday's meeting. '._-•- -'.-.-..••a
The four Drecincts ' counted '. In Judge
Murasky's court yesterday, the Tenth of
the Forty-second. Thirteenth of the
Thirty-seventh, Twenty-first : of the
Thirty-fourth and the Eighth of the
Forty-fifth District, increased E. L.
Walsh's lead of 163 votes over George Al
pers to 174.' In the recount of these four
precincts Alpers lost nineteen votes and
Walsh nine; The surprising feature of the
day's count was the fact that in the
Eighth of the Forty-fifth District, a pre
cinct carried by the Labor candidates.
Walsh made a gain of three" votes. - ,The
other candidates who lost yesterday and
their losses are; Payot, 10; Wilson 22-
Braunhart. 12; Bent, 17; Bggers, 21; Cogh
lan, 7. and Finn. 7.
Walsh Makes Further Gains.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 5.— Tony Delmas, one
of the best known bicycle riders . in .-the
State, was run down by a team last night
and badly injured. : Two ladies driving-'at
breakneck speed collided with him, de
molishing his wheel. The employes of a
street car found Delmas lying uncon
scious in ,the center of the roid. He was
taken to a drug store and later removed
to his home. ' Delmas' nose was broken,
his upper lip badly cut and the little fin
ger pf his right ', hand fractured. While
his injuries are painful they, are not of a
serious nature.-- • ' ¦ ¦' ; ¦ -;
I Wheelman Meets With j Accident.
I left Yokohama November 1 and went to the
old country to visit friends ' and ' kinsfolk. "' In
Paris,- London and other cities I ran across
many acquaintances. ' : In New. York, on : my
Journey from Europe. to San Francisco, -I met
many Californians. among , them Jospeh-'D.
Redding:. Harry Glllig and Frank Unger. • -. ' I
anticipate, pleasure in Again .'. meeting r Uncle
George Bromley. Yes, I shall return to Yo
kohama, but will not. leave here -until early in
March. Life In Japan is pleasant, and tha
ways of the people are agreeable. • .
At the Palace Hotel Tuesday evening
old-timers - and others of San Francisco
gave cordial greeting to Louis Eppinger;
manager of the Grand Hotel,, Yokohama;
Mr. Eppinger left . California for,. Japan
twelve years ago. Among, his " friends
who .welcomed him were -.. many who
then saw him for the first time in a dozen
years. There were several, however, -who
had .found solace at his hotel in Yoko
hama And they were likewise glad to see
him againi" There are traditions of Louis
Eppinger-' s hospitality that -are j well re
membered along the line from Halleek
street, Sail Francisco, to Green River,
Wyo. ¦¦ • ¦ • , . ¦ ¦ •¦• :.-¦;>.>¦; - ,.
. Speaking of his. vacation, Mr. Eppinger
said:-
This City, and Receives Cor
dial "Welcome;
Louis Eppinger of Japan Comes to
WARM GREETING IS . GIVEN '
TO A FORMER CAL^FORNIAX
Fifth race, selling, one mile and an eighth —
Bea'nai :,won, Strangest- second, Pay the Fiddler
third. • Time, 2:01^. J . • • ' . ' v ';>:
Sixth/race, selling, one mile— Garter -Ban
won, -Rose of May ¦ second, Castiron -third.
Time, 1:471,4. ¦.-¦..
First, race, . Benin?,;- one ? mile' "arid seventy
yards — Philma' Paxton:;won. Swordsman second,
Prince Real ihlrd. j/Tifhe, l-:5fl. • .. i
Second -race,- - seninir, five ¦ furlongs — Barney
Saal won, Ed Gartland II second, Pillacdist
third. Time,' l:04i/.; • .
. THird race,;, steeplechase,' , handicap, fuli
course — \V. H. Dlxon won, Coley second, Dag s
mar third. Time, 5:05. , ' •
.Fourth race, handicap, one mile and an
eighth — Ida Led ford won, Malay second, Henry
of.- Franstamar third. >.Time, ¦ 1! :00. . ' .V [
NEW ORLEANS.VLa.; Feb. 6.— Results
New Orleans . Biace.. Results.
SAN JOSE, Feb. ; 6.— Carmel Martin, a
student at the- State Normal. School, and
pitcher of that institution's baseball
team, has been signed by Manager Harris
of the San Francisco team for the com
ing season. Martin is r a "phenom" and
it is said no pitcher in the State excels
him. He has been" playing | ball with
minor teams for the past- six years. He
first appeared in. the San CarJos team of
Monterey. For four, years he has pitched
with the Normals. In 1890 he played in a
local nine managed : by ' Joe McGucken.
Last fall he was a. member of a. team in
Oregon:'. Martin's frieiias are confident he
will, develop intpa big league star. He
graduates 1 froni tlie Normal ¦ this spring.
"Uncle" Henry Signs a Pb.en.om.
Tuohy was taken before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday morning and the case waft con
tinued till this morning.
The policemen who pursued Tuohy
were W. Doran, J. L. Frary and George
O. Brown. They had reported off duty
at the North End station a short time
before and were going home when they
saw Tuohy. They determined to halt him,
as they thought he was acting suspicious
ly, and called out to him to stop, as they
were officers, but instead- he ran off and
fired the shot. The officers say that the
bullet from Tuohy's pistol struck the
sidewalk in front of them. • .
Tuohy, who Is 22 years of age, came
here from New York about a month agb.
He says he used to drive a coach there for
Perry Belmont. Since getting employment
in Brooks' stables he has been engaged
driving a carriage for Dr. Levingston.
Tuohy had been drinking heavily Tuesday
night and left his room on Clay street,
near Polk, early yesterday morning to get
another- drink. Three policemen who
were in citizens' dress were standing on
the corner of Polk and Sacramento streets
and they ordered him to stop; at the same
time telling him they were officers. Tuohy
did not believe them and thinking they
were footpads started to run. The police
men gave chase and Tuohy turned into
Bush street and ran toward Van Ness
avenue. The officers continued , calling
upon him to stop. Tuohy finally turned
and drawing a revolver from his I pocket
nre*d a shot at the sidewalk with the ob
ject of intimidating his pOrsuers. They
closed in upon him, however, and He says
one of them struck him several times on
the face. Tuohy begged his captors not
to kill him and handed one of them, his
revolver. • ! He was then taken to the
City Prison and booked on a charge of
assault to murder.
Thomas Tuohy, : a hostler employed in
Brooks' livery stable on the corner of
Geary and Polk streets, had a rather live
ly, experience early yesterday with three
police officers whom he mistook for foot
pads.
The programme is long and strong and
•will open with an act of ."The Pride ol
Jennico," from • the California Theater.
A^ter. an address of welcqme by. Mayor
Kagene E. Schmltz, an honorary member,
Adelina.' Roattlno, prima donna, soprano
from'.the Orpheum, will sing. The Alca
zar -ftook company will then present the
second., act of "The Danites," and Jose~
phine Sabel, the "little woman with the
big voice," will give some of her. inimit
able songs and, impersonations. Edwin
Arden and the sterling Grand Opera-house
company will be seen in an act of "Jim,
the Penman." Alt Holt,' the famous
whistler, will come In from thei Chutes,
and Frank Bacon, assisted- by Eva Den
nisonand Paul Gerson, will present fop
the first time on any stage a one-act play
entitled "Goln' Home." Ferris Hartman.
and his jolly company of assistants, under
the baton of. .Paul -Steindorff. will bring
the best bits of "The Ameer" " over from
.the Tivoli, an,d the ever popular biograph
will wind up the afternoon's entertain
'ment. On account of. the length of the
programme no encores will be allowed.
The tenth annual benefit, in aid of 'the
charity fund of San Francisco Lodge No
21, Theatrical Mechanics' Association, will
take place at the Orpheum this afternoon,
beginning at 2 o'clock sharp. This, 'one
of the forty-eight lodges in the United
States and Canada, was incorporated
April 6, 1889, and has been In a flourishing
Condition ever since. The organization is
composed exclusively of "the men behind
the scenes," although the "honorary menK
bership includes many names prominent
in histrionic and literary circles. The ob
jects of the order are to visit the sick
and distressed, extend the helping;; hand
of charity to all unfortunate .members:and
to bury the dead. "Charity, benevolence
and fidelity" are the watchwords. . .
Markley Brothers Are Acquitted.
James E. Markley and Charles Markley,
brothers, were acquitted by a jury in
Judge Cook's court yesterday on a charge
ofassanlt ' -with a deadly weapon. The
defendants, who were striking teamsters
were accused of firing a shot at-Randali
Blunt, , a colored, non-union teamster, at
Powell and Post' streets on the morning
of September 4. Blunt coujd not swear
that the shot was fired at him.
Protest Against Ratings
of Civil Service , ;
¦ Eligibles. v -. ;
Michael V. Duddy and James. Hunter,
who are on , the civil service/ eligible, list
of ¦ sewer cleaners, filed a protest yester-^
day with, the Civil Service Commission
agaist the ratings given to' sewer cle'anr
ers on .statements made in the applicat
ions for examination regarding- their ex
perience. Duddy; who' is • No. 13, -and
Hunter, No. 17, on the list,' were recently
displaced to make room for Timothj-
Shea- and 'J. F.. McMurray,' sewer clean
ers Nos. 11 and 12 on tie. list. . The prt>
test shows the following comparative ta,-'
ble of the experience, as given by the.ap'
pllcants and as shown by thp records:,,; !
Names— ". ! : Statement. ., Records. ¦
J. Flaherty ... N .'. ."7 years • » 17 months
C. Gardella 7 years' ' '11 months
T. E. Kenny. ........... 4 years 11 'months
H. 'Daley ..'.'.'..'....: ..; C years "ZSmonUla
T. Shea 3 years 16 months
J. McMurray ........ 1 . * 3 years 15 months
MV Duddy. . . . ..¦>...:. ...¦ 3 years 11 months
J. Madden '¦...: .'..:. '3 years ' 11* months
J.- Hunter . ' .....:. 7 years' 60 months
The protest says further:
; In- the statements made by applicants It is
made to appear that several applicants have
given their periods of service as sewer clean
ers in the employ of the Street Superintendent
that' do not agree with, the records now in the
possession of the Board of Works. : ¦ •¦" .¦• . . v..
The petitioners represent that . if the board,
should review the ratings given • and. th» per
centages allowed for experience the ratings on
the^liglble list would be:-> M.'V. Duddy, 93.SS*
J. nunter. 93.5; J. Flaherty, 03.20; -T. Shea,
!t2.4; J. McMurray, 9U.28;. H. Daley/ 91.U; T.
Kenny, 01.23; C. Gardella, 01.24; J. Madden.
00.3. . . ,-
The Civil Service Commission met' last
night to take action ana decided' to issue
subpenas to the men on the eligible Ii3t
for. the. purpose of ascertaining if any
false statements have been Intentionally
made in their. applications. , The following
rule adopted fcy-the commission govern
ing the making of any-false statements by
applications may result in the loss' of
some positions: ,' " <-
, False statements knowingly made or permit
ted by any person in an application or., certifi
cate shall.be good. cause for the exclusion of
such . person from any civil service -. examina
tion and for his removal or discharge from the
public . service. . . . . . '
Kavanaugh Runs From Footpads.
Joseph Kavanaugh, a clerk, living at 3931
Twenty-fourth street," ' reported" to the
police yesterday . morning that .while I on
his way home about 11 ; o'clock Tuesday
night he was approached by three men
on Twenty-sixth street, between Capp and
Mission." They ordered ; him to stop and
one demanded his money. Kavanaugh
made no. reply, but had the sense to run
Mistakes Them for Foot
pads and Uses Hip
Revolver.
Annual Benefit, of The
atrical Mechanics at
the Orpheum.
NEW YORK, Febi 5.— The managers of
the class A billiard tournament now be
ing held. at the Knickerbocker Athletic
Club announced that on account of ill
ness In his family Charles M. Schmitt of
Boston has withdrawn from the tour
nament. In consequenc his defeat by
William II. Sigourney of San Francisco
will not count. There being now only
seven contestants otily twenty-one games
¦will have to be played, while the original
schedule with eight contestants called
for twenty-eight games.
iThe game this afternoon between Dr.
A. B. Miller and John A. Hendrlck was a
tedious one, as each man adopted safety
tactics. Dr. Miller won by a score of -400
to Hendrick's 321. The game to-nignt
was between Charles Treshie of Boston
and Charles N. Norrls of the local club,
formerly the champion of the Chicago
A. A. Norris: won by 'a score of 400 to
232. ; : <v, ¦.,:. .--< . - -
Billiard Experts in. Tournament.
Sixth race — Mile and a sixteenth.; selling?
three-year-olds and upward:
05240) Kiclrarnbob ..10SI 3228 BTIIr Lyons. -JOG
3232 H. Thatcher_Jlli 822S H.L.Rotheh'dJ.07
3243 Legal Maxim- 0::J 3138 Louwelsea, flo
3249 Baldo 951 3245 Arigato 89
3240 KUgar llli 3250 Marcato 109
3227?:Nonie _ 911 31S3. Iahtar 93
3243 Constable SI 1
Fffth racer-Seven furlongs: the Froitvale
Handicap ;' three-year-olds and upward:
3230 Articulate .._100 3230 J. Boggs 90
3230 Joe Frey 113 325ft Cfcptlvate 8.J
(3235) Afghan 105 3250 Dunblane 100
Fourth race — Six furlongs; MlIIng7 : lltree
year-olds and up-ward: .-' '¦¦-¦ " # "
3202 Clarando 103|(3193)Matt Hogan I0T
3219 T. o£ Can01es.l02|r(3242)Ducfcoy 109
CLEVER ACTORS
WILL TAKE PART
man, D. J. Kelly, was arrested about the
same time while running along Q'Farrell
street, near Powell, and was also charged
with the same offense, hut.at.the..prelim
inary examination before .Judge Conlan
was discharged. . . , .... ••'..,, Jl.
Murphy" was tried about . eleven years
ago in the Superior Court on a charge of
grand larceny, but the. jury brought in a
verdict of guilty of petty larceny and he
was sentenced to six months in the Coun
ty Jail %
Harwood and Theberge Win Seven of
the Wine Matches in Which -
They Take Part. 7
A number of double-team bowling con
tests in the San Francisco Bowling Asso
ciation tournament were., decided . last
night In the American, alleys. Harwood
and Theberge-' won seVen v of -the- nine
games they played. Thormahlen'and WV
G. Smith won two out of three games.
The detailed score follows:
Thormahlen. 135 164 209 Theberge . . 155 120 152
W, G. Smith 178 100 150 Harwood .. 166 144 135
Totals ... 313 324 3GS Totals ... 321 204 2S7
Harwood . . ICO 180 140 Kunst 125 152 154
Theberge .: 138 148188 Hinck ..... 140137125
Totals ... 307 328 328 .Totals . . . 2C5 279 279
Harwood . . 119 155 181 Bush . . 134 150 163
Theberge . . 170 144 147 Muller 118 130 132
Totals ...280 299 328 Totals ...252 285 295
B0WLEHS COMPETE IN ;"'
TOURNAMENT GAMES
ROBBER WHOM JUDGE COOK
SENTENCED YESTERDAY TO
LIFE IMPRISONMENT.
TROUBLE AMONG
SEWER CLEANERS
Third race — Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olda and upward:
(3201)Berendos 5 lOfi 3222 San Venado...tI2
3202 INellie Forest. 104 3239 Hilary 109
3239 Ulloa 107 3180 Mallalcvra 112
3239 William F 10!) 3215 Kldred 104,
3142 Parsifal .". UK! 3235 Bogus Bill 109
:»45 Txvyal S i«vs a201 Oasdale 109
3215 Tlburon 109. »
Second race — Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds :
(32M)Evander ..*... .109 32» Dwight TTay..lOO
:5253 Mike Murphy. 100 3231 JIalaspIna 10T
:tl>5.'{ Baltest 10!) 324!) Bassenzo 109
2029 Sllva Cruz 112 CJ253) Estemell ..-..10T
Track Notes.
Seventeen books cut in yesterday. Frank
Eckerf concluded to take a. short vaca
tion on the ground.- ¦ :-.; ;' :•-.'.¦ f i .; ;'
Jackson and O'Connor divided '¦the riding
honors,' each piloting two winners, i '. ¦;¦¦. i,
Arthur Ray. came in for heavy backing
to get the show, .but was badly messed
about by Troxler; The latter: came 'here,
with quite a reputation, but At begins' to
look; as if any rider could "put "em. over"
at St. .Louis. ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ - ~; '.">.-" ..,'.''
Under a ruling made by the stewards
yesterday "Plung-er" Harry Lewis stands
ruled off the turf for "welching." ". .;, >
The. weights - for the . Burns handicap,
will be issued on Monday next. : -, '
• "Bill" Uangford of the combination
book was • an enthusiastic -rooter for
Gusto. Eonic ended up two different sbc
horse combinations, which figured $750
to ?5. ' ¦• • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. .• '',>:. • ¦
"Dell" -Fduntain said yesterday it was
the intention of Owen Mounce. to retiro
from the- saddle, after the running of the
Burns handicap, -In. which- the boy eXpect
ed to h^ve a good' mount. Owner
tain regretted the .action taken |>y the
Oakland officials, as .he woiuld like to
have seen the Idaho* rider quit the turf
with an untarnished record- He" says he
has backed the mounts of Mounce almost
without exception, and-did not bet a'dql
lar on Kenllworth, Tuesday.
Following are the en trie* for this after
noon's events:
First race — Three and a half furlongs; purse;
two-year-old maiden colts and geldings:
..'. . J. "W. I>ickey..llS .... ElUaton 118
3210 Len Reno 105 ¦ Du Page 11»
3181 Altawan .115
HOSTLER FIRES
AT POLICEMEN
In passing sentence the Judge said that
crimes of violence and robbery must be
stopped. When a man like the defendant
came into court on such a charge with a
prior conviction against him he must take
the consequences. There was only one
alternative — to Impose a life sentence and
rid society of such a pest.
The crime for which Murphy will spend
the remainder of his life in the peniten
tiary was the robbery of Harry Lawrence.
Lawrence was walking north on Powell
street about 3 o'clock on the morning of
December 2 on his way hftme, and when
he reached Geary street he was knocked
unconscious by a blow on the- head and
robbed of $2 10 and a silk handkerchief.
Policeman Braig saw three men bending
over Lawrence's prostrate form, and
chased one of them till he ran into the
arms of Policeman Bobl on Stockton
street- The man was Murphy. Another
The Judge sentenced him to im
prisonment for life in San Quentln. Mur
phy's face blanched when he heard the
sentence, but he did not u^ter a word.
Later, while in the City Prison, he asked
Sergeant Bidwell to be kind to his mother
when she was brought In for drunken
ness, . as she has several times been ar
rested on that charee.
JOHN MURPHY, who was convicted
by ft jury in Judge' Cook's court
Tuesday on the charge of robbery,
appeared for sentence yesterday.
Selections for To-Bay.
First race — -Altaian, L*n Reno. 'ElUston.
Second raCEr^E-eaader, Estemell, Malasylna.
Third race— Nellie Forest, Tlbnran, San Ve"
nado. .
Fourth race — Bnclfcay. Tower of CandlesL
ilatt Hogan.
Fifth race — Articulate, Joe Frey, Dunblana
Sixth race — ir.-ircato. Constables smear.
Again a Clean Sweep.
Over $40,000 -was won yesterday by- "Man*
nle's Ttrrf CanrpaTiy clients. This flrra
called six . straight winners, and thre«
races 1-2-3. Another- grand card this
week. SO Past street. •
Pioneers p±. Outs.
Alfred Grass ailed at the Band and
"Warrant CTerfcTa office Tuesday- aTtrt asleep
for a warrant, for tha arrest, at C Ht
Jewett. a prominent manlier of the Pio3
neer Society,. <m tft© , charge Q* batieryj
"Warrant. Clerk. FTtzpatrJck seat a. note td
Jewett to call at his office yesterdaS
morning- to meet Gross. They met and
there wa3 an exciting- time between tha
two^ old men. Gross' allesed that he aW
tended a ball at Pioneer Hall last Fridaj*
night and Jewett placed his hands upon
him. ordering him out and finally trot twn
officers tp^exPel him. Jewett said thaS
Gross had been expelled from the society
for false stateinenta and had no right ti
be there and Gross retorted toy arsplay&e
his certificate of membership.- The iraS
rant waa not testtetL > •
Prisoner Takes the Witness
Stand in His Own
. Special stake, forty entries — F. Jones' liar
lean Gladys vs. G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick;
1'asha Kennels" Real Article vs. Alameda Ken
nels' A. J. Martin; A. R. Curtis' J,aixoi^ vs.
-Connell Bros.' St. Helen; J. Cane's Greenhall
vs. P. Doyle's Liberator; O. Xahl's' Homer Boy
vs. J. R. . McCarthy's John Doe; H. H. Gray's
Rona vs. D. J. Healey's Tiburqn; E. Geary's
Ruby Sankey vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha; A.
Van der White's Flora McDonald vs. Chiarini
Bros.' Tame " Tralee; . Q. Nethercott's Freda C
vs. K. Geary's Ireland; C \V. Bonner's Wild'
Norah vs. A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox; Pasha
Kennels' Fiery. 'J^ace vs. A. R. Curtis' War
Eagle; • A. -R. Curtis' -i-eola vs. A. R. Curtis'
Loyal Lad; E. Geary's Fenii vs. T. Jlullarky's
Mamie Pleasant; E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle
vs. A. R. Curtis' Kibosh; A. R. Curtis' Vul
can vs. E. Geary's America; Pasha Kermels'
Roman Athlete vs. T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy;
Pasha Kennels' Rocker vs. G. Nethercott's
Red- Rodk: Alameda "Kennels' Meprimac -vs.
Aeneld Kennels' Aeolus: 'E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie vs. D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy; T. JV
Cronin's Vandal vs. A. R. Curtis' Charta. -'
- Open 'stake.- C-t entrjes— O.-Zahi's Miss Wilson
vs. T. W. Bartels' Bogus tiaron; J. Traders
Belle -.Rocket vs. L. M, Connell's Republlc;.-
Alamgda - Kennels' Clarice vs. O. Zahl's
O'Hara; J. Hurley's Living Picture vs. B.
Senderman's Comique; W. . C H de B. Lopez's
Blockford Lad vs. D. J. Healey's Tapioca;
1 Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire vs. D. J. Healey's
Elista; W. Cairn's Imperial vs. W. C. Glas
fion's Lady Sears;' M.- Kolander's Master
Whalenvs. W. Cairn's Gold Ore; J. Hurley's
Riley Grannan vs, A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord;
L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy vs. Chiarini Broth
ers'. Santonin; A. R. Curtis' Galatea vs. J..
Sheridan's Forest Queen; H. . SchaefTer's Fair
Glen vs. J. F. Cheetham's Representative; E.
Geary's Roy Hughie vs. A. Helnuth's Areca
Nut; Pasha Kt-nnels' Lawrence vs. A. R. Cur
tis'. Wapsee; B. Geary's Little. Jim vs. Kelly
& Hanley's Fearful Ship; J. Trade's Cozy vs.
Pasha Kennels' Roving Arab;' Chiarini Broth
ers' Sempronlus vs. Chiarini Brothers' White
Hat;-J. Sutton's Blue Ribbon vs. J. A. Klein's
Coronado; Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor vs. T.
Coleman's Cotton Ball; E. Neave's First Foot
vs. . J. Qt Thompson's Pash»'s Promise; Pasha
Kennels' Rich Argosy vs. Sterl & .Knovvles*
Olita: Paaha Kennels' Regal Attire vs. G. B.
Merrill's Warpath; .T." F. Bodt's Lovina vs.
T. W. Bartels' Bogus Brummel; J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bella vs. A. R.' Curtis' Anchor; Kelly &
Hanley's Lushrriagh Lad vs. C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud; J. H. W. Mullet's Cruiser vs. W.
C. de B. Lopez's. Peplta;' C. Glock's Alamc^a
Lad vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's Jewess; A. Mc-
Leod's Royal Friend vs. W. C. Badger's Alert;
A. Van der White's Lear King vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Reckless Admirer; Alameda Kennels'
Lilac vs. Kelly & Hanley's Precita Maid; X}.
Roach's All Green vs. J. Hurley's Gramercy;
W. X. Hoag's Cecil M vs. P. M. Curtis' Sir
Pitt. • .
¦ tuxor, 'A. R. Curtis* great greyhound,
will make his reappearance on the "cours
ing field, this week at'Union Park. '• He
was drawn near the top of the card in the
special stake/ while Sacramento Boy, win
ner, . of ' last week's stake, Is safely In
trenched at the bottom of the card. The
Geary and the Curtis kennels are well
represented, many of their dogs being
drawn together. The draw last night re
sulted as follows-
Miss Mary E. Casey, a school teacher
in the Horac* Mann School, testified that
there was a school vacation from October
4 to October 34 Inclusive. This fact was
Introduced to disprove the testimony of
Erline Piatt, who swore that she had at
tended school during all of the week pre
ceding the murder. Erline Piatt had pre
viously testified that on the evening of
the murder she was a passenger on the
car and that Buckley stood before her on
the steps until Twentieth street was
reached, when he sprang off and fired
four shots into Rice's body.
The case will be argued before the jury
to-day, and it is likely that the matter
will be submitted to that body Friday.
t'nder cross-examination Buckley grew
extremely nervous. He admitted that he
was arrested several times in recent years
for various offenses ranging from, battery
to disturbance of the peace. He denied
that he told Police Sergeant Duke that
he went to the Mission to visit a woman
named Sullivan. The statements of the
police as to remarks made bv him- after
his arrest were also denied. He affirmed
that when Rice made his dying statement
to Sergeant Duke the wounded man did
not say that a man wearing a white har
did' "the shooting. There being -vigorous
objection on the part of the defense to the
attempt of the prosecution to Inquire into
facts of the defendant's career not
touched upon in the direct examination,
the cross-examination was suddenly
closed.
Buckley was then shown the hat he
wore at the time of his arrest and be
haltingly said that he was not certain if
he ever wore a hat like the one intro
duced in evidence. He said It looked to
him as If It had been changed or .tam
pered with so as to change its shape to
resemble a Fedora, whereas the hat he
wore had a straight brim. He was cer
tain the clubbing of Rice was not done
by Moran.
Prisoner Grows Extremely Nervous.
It developed that the defendant was
once convicted of disturbing the peace and
fined $5. On the- day of the murder he
said he left his home at 3 Freelon street
and went to a saloon at the. corner of
Zoe and- Brannan streets, where he met
Moran, Donnelly, Duncan and two stran
gers. They drank together, and one of
the strangers said there would be a fist
ngiit in the Mission that evening. The
entire party left the saloon about 4:30
p. m. and made the rounds of other drink
ing- places, anally winding up at Second
and Howard streets. Here one of the
strangers said, "Jjet's take this car." The
stranger got on the extreme front of the
car oa the left hand side, Buckley taking
a place just behind him. At Twentieth
street, when the car stopped, Buckley
was amazed to see one man clubbing an
other. As he viewed the spectacle he 6aw
tue stranger nre two shots at the fallen
man. Buckley then took to his heels and
fled down to Shotwell street, thence to
Seventeenth street, where he was appre
hended. At that time a man told the ar
resting officer that Buckley was not the
man wanted for Rice's murder, but that
the crime was committed by a man wear
ing a black hat.
Tells of the Mysterious Stranger.
Buckley said he was 26 years old and a
native of this city. His father died some
thirteen years a£O, and about that time
he began to earn his living at various
pursuits. He lirst worked in a plumbing
eho^ then in a cannery and for a time
with an electric company. In June last
he worked at a cannery' on Brannan
street, remaining there until September.
The defendant attached great Impor
tance to his own statement that the
stranger wore a black hat, notwithstand
ing the testimony of many witnesses that
the assassin of Mice wore a light one.
In a manner, characterized by. hesita
tion, extreme caution and failure to re
member essential details, William Buck-
Icy, charged with the murder of George
Hice, a non-union machinist, October 11
last, told his story to a jury in Judge
l^awlor's court yesterday. He placed the
blame for the crime upon, a stranger
whom he never saw before or since the
day of the murder. Buckley labored un
der a severe strain while he was testify
ing.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Caesar Young's mare Eonic "wound tip"
three dozen\comblnations, and she had a
host 'of rooters going to the post, for the
last event. For a spell it- looked i as if
Gusto would do the trick, but Eonic an
swered Jackson's call, and assuming: the
lead ¦ when headed for the • wire won", by
four lengths. Bragg only- lost the- place
to Gusto .by a nose, r , ••'¦¦•• ¦ .'. .:;"-',
«4ection. j He had the leg up on* Hudsonj in.
the" '.'kindergarten" event, . andi-rgradUafly
wearing down the lead of- Ardoruna, beat
the Burns & cleverly;. by
a neck. Nigrette, from the JcnningSista
.ble and a 40 to 1 shot in the betting,;ran
'a close third, "nicely ridden by J. Daly. '
All colors of coin went into .the books
on Lass of Langdon, from! ."Frisco"
Lihd's stable, to win the ' third number.
The filly finished In the show. ¦ She raced,
out in front for a time with Montoya. and
then gave- it up, j Johnny" Woods ¦• astride
Estemell rode a well judged race ; behind
the leaders. When they tired he went on
and won .by a length from Montoya, ;
; Popular Pat Morrisaey was right at
home In the sloppy gofng, and for a time
during the progress of the mile and fifty
yards run it looked as if he would ring
upj.'a °>bullseye. Bullman opened Up a big
gap of daylight over his company with
the old mudlark, but he backed up In the
stretch, losing by more than a length to
the favorite, Diderot. Quadra was third.
The six furlong selling affair serv-d
only as a pipe-opener for Scorpio, the 1 to
2 favorite. He shot away in the lead with
Jackson, splashing home an easy winner
over Bard Burns. Mission lost the show
to Huachuca. ¦
Bob ' Palmer," afI3. to 5, favorite, i.began
operations 1 by taking'- the-- introductory
mile selling run , H leading . j f rom ' • start to
finish' with' Hoar. up. Monda, the second
choice, led Courtier put for. place honors. 1
There can be no \ "doubt about /Winnie
O'Connor handling a two-year-old to per-
IT 'remained for I^ass of'%Angdon to
break the slate, or six straight favor
.ites would have gone through yes
terday,, at Oakland;- It. proved bad
endughifor theiririg'as it was, only
one or. two books escaping the;. onslaught.
"Bill"; Langford's combination .book 'did
not escape either,. getting V most refresh
ing sousing/ . Although , the rweather .was
threatening and : the track in. ia fearfully
sloppy condition'; 1 , a large crowd crossed
fhe bav. • ;.- * ¦.•••.-' •• : - -¦-'¦¦«¦ '¦••-¦• ¦ »-'^' .
Sacramento Boy,-Last Week's
. .Winner, Will Start V
: Again.
The Crack I \ Greyhound
Will Compete Next
Sunday.
Declares Rice Was Shot
and Killed by Some
Stranger.
O'Connor Lands Hudson a Clever Winner of the Two-Year-Old Dash»-Pat
Morrissey Is Downed by Diderot—Bob -Palmer Takes the Opening Run.
Scorpio Apparently Unbeatable in the Mud— Eonic .Outfoots Gusto
BUCKLEY SWEARS
HE IS INNOCENT
FIVE FAVORITES WIN AT OAKLAND
AND THE TALENT REAPS A HARVEST
LUXOR RETURNS
TO THE FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
GENTLEMEN OF MASK AND BILLY
GIVEN MORE FOOD FOR THOUGHT
Life Sentence Is Pronounced! Upon John: Murphy,
'¦ Who Robbed Harry Lawrence at Geary and
vPowelh Streets, Prior Conviction Being Urged
0A3CLAND BACKTRACK— Wednesday, Feb. 5.— Weathec showery^ Track muddy.
3251. FIRST. RACE — One mile; sailing; three-'year-old3 and up; to first; 3325. .
~" "^ U.- : ~> ,,' ' ; ~ ' j ' -- ¦ • . . ... I Betilna
Index Horse. AgV^Wdgbt St. %. .%.'¦ Str. • Fin. J Owner and Jockey. : \ Op, O.
» L d oi ,T:*-:m 7 1 6h* 6 1 ;i 3 7! J.-K. Simpson.. Bull^aj & .«
.8078 Graylette, 4. ¦¦¦¦'. 100 & 3 h 7 2 .8 8 J. J^ell Seei 40 loQ
-Time— M. -26W- V, zSSP. %. 1:18%;' mlle;l:4C^. Good start. Won easily Second and
. third, drirtng.' Winner, f.lr McLaughlin' s br. g. by Kins Regent -Cassandra, V. inner
V showed"omi Improvement. ,' Courtier could not get up.; Kastame very slow beginner. The
3232. SECOND RACEfrTlyea arid a half turlonga; selling; two- year-olds; to first. $325:
¦ .,• ''..-, — ~^~: — 7~7~~7 7 ~ r 7~ r . ~ j~""~ ' ' . ' ' .. . j Batting.
Index Hofse. ; an«l .Weight. St.. #* *- %¦ Str. Fin. [ Owner antlJockey. ( Op. Cl.
324l" HtfdioQ. ..;.v;':i. ..108 1 ... .2 % 2 1 1 n )b~ Scrhreiber. .. O'Connor 1 \
•S072 Amoruna :..... -..105 1 ... 11 Hi 2 h |Burns & T\ aterha Ranch] 1 »-Z
3241 Xlgrette ..'.;.... .103 2 ... 3 2 3 2 35 j Jennings & Co. ..J. TJaly S 40
."{151 Montezuma 108 4 ... 4 .5 4 4 4 « |Cupp3 &- hong. :. Jatksqn - 5 KJ-2
3079 Dismay ::.'. 105 ft* ... 5 5 5 8 5 10 Collins <S£ -Co. Hoar- X 7
3139 Annie- F 105 7 ..: 7 --7 « }a v J..,.S... Campbell. ....Early fiO 17a)
3247 Minnie Drosgel... 105 0 ... 6 5 6 7. J. E. King. ... .'Webster «(» 2UO
Time — VtV<:25; 3%f :43%. Fair start: Won first three driving. /..Winner.; B.. Schcelber'B b. c.
.by FouT ; Shot-Rebecca Paninue. Hudson received perfect handling. Amoruna. beat other*
away two lengths. Nigrette'ia Improving. ' * ."-' ' •^^^. v , a:^.^^--^^-.
82S3,; THIRD^ACE— FivTandXhalf furlongs; selling; -.thre<-s«ar-bTd3.;' to first, $325.
" I '¦ * : H?"* ! ~~~ *7f '¦ •.,-, .^ ..•'•.>¦;. I - Betting.
Index Horse and Welght.fst; ' y 3 . .-' •'%. Str.- Fin. —Owief and Jockey. , • Op. ei.
8221 Estemell *107'2..3 5 3 3 1 % 11 J,;r.- Schorr.. ;»J T Woods [, 4 , 5
322d Montoya .107 4" 2 2 22.2% '24 S. McNaaghton.... Burns .5 7
3209' I^ss ot Langdon.,102. 3 11 1 Vt 3 h 3 4 C: Llpd.-.-..:.;.Mlanseh 2 11-5
. 3197- Balt,est 1Q4 5 B2 5% 4 4> *« • B;' Schreibep..Ei»lcenrHth 6 10
3217 Arthur Ray.-. ---112 -9 5 h 6 1 5 1 ; 5 1 Clayton & C»v . . .Troxled 6 - 7
32^a: Knocking* .......102 1 4h 4 1. B 2 6 2 C. Earl & Co Hoar 6 , 12
3077 Sleeping Child... .104 10, 7 1 7 1 7. 1 " 7 % . J. J. Moran Donnelly 20 60
. 3221.'- Armado ...\..\ ..1M «¦ 8h 8182 '82 E. W. Xewth.-.Brodien .15 ¦ SO
252S Clear Sky.. ......102 7 1O 9 3 9*3 ¦' 9 3' T. Fox .V.."JaclC3On 20 7 3O
2357, Mike Murphy:.. -..109 '8 9 5 10 10 10 J. Neil .'.. , ......See 20 r 50
3249 Chandoo ¦. >..".... ;112 Ran away ...•..'. T.-H. -Stevens.. C/Connpr 6 ';¦ B
Time-^ii', ,Vt,\:ZX%; 6% f. 1:10. Good start. Won. first three driving. Winner. J. F.
. Schorr's, dh. ' f. by Lord Eeterling-Glen Ellen. Laaa" of ; Langdon 'j; Bothered* ,, winner oa
stretch turn, but race was run Just to suit her. I Montoya showed »'' high-" turn of speed.
Troxler on Arthur Ray made a fine mesa of it. ¦" Chandoo rail away~Vwitn,'. O'Connor tw» ¦
mites before race.- Scratched— :-Rubfnd 109. * : - ;¦ ,"¦¦¦• "
3254. FOURTH RACE— MUe^and.flfty yards; selling; three-yeag-olda anid up; to flrst» VS2Z.
'• •- 1 : f ""••, '¦ Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. |SL ' %. *'¦#.' Fin. Owner aad Jockey. Op. CL
(3243) Diderot. 4 ....-.'..106 2 2 6 2 3 2 4 1 1% J. P. Atkins. ..O'Connor " 3-5 3^5
323.8 Pat Morrissny, a.:lll'l ' 1. 5 . 1.8- 12 2 2 Dr. Rowell Bullman 3 16-5
3229 Quadra. 3 .... 94 3 S .1 3 5 3 3. 3 5 Snider & Co.. .Jackson 4 7
3243 Norford, 5 ......114 5 5; 5 ' 4.^ . 4 4 G. W. EaldwrnJ. Woods 15 60
(.!2C9) Mont. Peeress, 3.. 90 4 4.4 ? ; 4- 2 5 5 Chinn & Forsythe.Winslt 20 100
.3221 Satchel. 3 .....^..S9| *....•...*...... B. Schreiber Redfern 12 30
Time— «4; :24% ; %, :49»4; *i, 1:16^; m. 1:43%: lm 50yds, l-A&v,. Had start. Won. clsv
erly. Second and third driving. -Winner, J. P.:-Atktn's ch. g. by Rousseau-La. Reina. Mor
rissey tiptoed from the -jump. Diderot stood a world, of husUtng in order to get up. Others
v oiitfooted. *Left. .. ¦¦-'.. t - . «... .;'.,, *. ; ¦¦...¦.'¦ ,.
.'{-.%."». FIFTH EACTE^-Kx farloris3;,selUn£^three-year-oIda and tip; to flrat, $223.
*¦'•••'> ¦ •;•¦('•.•-¦ ' ¦ . - '• ¦••'• I i batusK
rndex[H6rse. Age. Weignt.|St; ¦ v H-" % %- ; 'Str.-* Fin. 1 . Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
(T3244) Scorpio. 5 r.100 ,3 • 15" 15 ls'.li |W. H. Ketchem£tnlrck3n|*^5 l^i
CU9C) Bard Burns. 4 104 5 21*2 5 2 3 ,2 5 X>. S. Fountain-.. -Hoar « ~
3211 |Huachuca. 3 .... 97 .7 5"Vi 5 6 4 1-3% G. W. Ealdwin.^Tirkrth 4 5
(3229) Mission, 5 104 6 6 2-610 5 1 ,4 1 ' James "Wilson McGinn! . 15 40
3142' Ned Dennla.45 104 ' 1 3 h ' 3'4^ 3 #'."5 5'.' Piedmont Stable Winsletf 20 30
(2278) Iaallne. 5 w.107 4 4 6 4.1 6 15 6 20 JC. LJnd ....Ranach ' 5 15
.¦r.-t- Forbes. 4 ....i./.10t ? , '7 .7. 7 "7 [F. Dei Conte..Waterbury| lOi) '400
Time— -i{, •:24i4: *s;:4S%; %,. : xmi^,i Good-start. Woa easily. Second and third driving.
Whmer. W. ;H_ Ketcheman's b. g. by Chorister-Zodiac. Scorpio a wonder • in the- - mud.
Huactaa.a slow beginner. Ned Dennis tired chasing after the- leader. Isaiine did, fairly
well first time out. She has bad knees. Scratched — Meehanns" 112.
32S6. SIXTH RACE^-Seven furlongs; selllnff; tbrai-year-olda and up; to first, $C25.
-. . ¦ . -- - • ¦ I I Bettin*
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. CHL
3223 [Eonlc. -4- "r. '...'.:. 99 4 2n 31 2% 14 Caesar Young-. .Jackaonj 3-3 11-20
317T austo, 5 ...... ....107 2 11^11 1 h 2 n3 P. Hawley T. Burns 8 %
(3205) (Bragg, 3 ...V 98 1 3 1 4 1 3 1 3 5 Curl & Co Ransch 10 *>0
8242 Com. Forster, 3.. 95 8 8 7 4 4 2 4 4. .1. P. .Birkenfuthr 4 7 \
3244 Captivate, 4 99 5 41 2h 51-61 P. HiTdreth J Daly! " " 10 10
3220 Bab, 4 ;... 90 7 71 63 62.68 William Cahffl Hoar! 10 ->0
.... Lady Sterling, 3.. 99 6 5 6 5 2 7 6 7 8 Z.. V. EeU GannonL lA 15
3235 Lento. 3 92 3 « 1 8 8 8 Xeil & Blazer. .-Redfernt 100 Snp
Time — 3 /i. :26; ¥2, :50%.: %. 1:16; %. 1:30. Good, start. AVon first three driving- "Winner
Caesar Young's ch. m. by Eon -Mermaid. - Eonic was hustlecl along last • quarter of mile'
Gusto inced the golny. Brag?: should have b««n second. Fotstcr away poorly Bab nr>
speed. Lady Sterling not ready. Scratched— Nellie Forest 90, . ¦
4
H ' Are you a weakling? Are you one of those unfortu- ; 1
H nate young men who, through ignorance and bad com- '|
H P an y> have contracted nervous spells, weak bask,' vajico- 1
H cele, glooiiiy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition, |
gl < loss, of confidence, jbashfulness, despondency and weak- |
H ness? Dr. McLaugMn's Electric Belt will cure you. |"
g| ; Are you a mjjjdJjwagcd nun suffering from varicoxele, prema- I ¦
19 turcness, indigestion, constipation, rheumatism, kune back etc ?-Dr
m . McLaughhn's Electric Belt will cure vqu,
B &r Yonan , old man. declining before your time, havintt lost |
H ?I1 ability to enfoy life; with prostatic trouble, lost strength, debil- fp.
fed ity, pains and aches.- and zeneral decay of organic powers? I can i§
m cuee you with Dr. McLaushlin** Electric Belt with free suoensorv K
Bl for weak men. t M .rr**v w
B •:. - ! W H| ;>«d you. sealed, free, my beautiful book telling about it ffl
m ilirou .will send this ad. Send for it to-day. |§
8dr, m. c, Mclaughlin 7o2 Markei st - c ° r - **¦«*- i
JB., °Vl c , e Hours— 8 «. m . t0 8;30 p . m< Sundaj-3. 10 to 1. .- | -j
S^ * ' ¦£**" J
A T> l U-prR.TTgT'TyrF!TT T riR '
Scrofula
THE OFFSPRING
of Hereditary
BLOOD TAINT.
-vScrof nla is but a modified form of Blood
Poison and Consumption. - The parent
who is tainted 1>y cither will see in the
child the came disease /<TS>->- ¦
nianifestin^-itseW in 4j^?\ ¦
tfie form ¦ of ; • swollen SS&fe&k/^
glands of the neck and
throat, catarrh, weak ofeST'' r^^\ ZkjL
eyes, offensive sores 1^2^*' V**' :
and abscesses and of-jigfifc *^» J^^L'
tehtimes white swell- %i|£iy * r J!f&r*
ing— sure signs of^^^^S^St/
Scrofula. There mzyO/^T^X^f
be no external signs for / iJi^* ' o>r '
along time, for the disease de velopsslowly
in some cases, but the poison is in the
blood and will break out at the first favor-
able opportunity. S. S. S. cures this wast-
ing, destructh-e disease by first purifying
and building up the blood and stimulating
and invigorating the whole system.
J- M -,^ als « r '5 Public Square, Nash ville.Tena
S-vV^-.i,-^ >e S rs a S° J?y daughter fell and cut
?if % ,. . • / rotn this -wound the glands on
the side of her face became swollen and bursted.
fSS^Si £ doctors here and elsewhere
attended her without any benefit. We decided
[° iTir •" S * aad a icw bottles cured her en-
Sf£§£ /£& makes new and pure
«jj* «L/^ Wood to nourish and
k^®k X <^ strengthen the body,
KS^ kjJP an<1 is a Positive and
NfflP- «<2^ 53^ cure f or sfcrofnla.
It o%'ercomes all forms of blood poison,
whether inherited or acquired, and no'
Temedy so thoroughly and effectively
cleanses the blood. If you have any
blood trouble, or your child has inherited
some blood taint, take S. S. S. and get
the blood in good condition and prevent
the disease doing further damage.
Send for our free book and write *our
physicians about your case. We make no
charge whatever for medical advice.
I THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA.
baja California •
Damiana Bitters
16 A GREAT EESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-'
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. .
NABEH, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
223 Market St., 8. F. — (Send for Circulars.)Who will be General Youag's successor
is a matter of much speculation in mili
tary circles. The names of several gen
eral officers have been mentioned as like
ly to receive the coveted appointment, but
as neither the Secretary of War nor Lieu
tenant General Miles has yet spoken
there can be no certainty in the matter.
It Is probable that the military authori
ties will not wish to decrease the impor
tance of this department bjr giving It to
a commander of lower rank than hereto
fore. On this account officers now sta
tioned here are inclined to think that the
talk of Funston's selection has no basis
in fact. From the standpoint of rank and
service Generals MacArthur and Wheaton
are the most promising candidates for tha
position. T
Dispatches from "Washington state that
General Young has been appointed presi
dent of the new war college recently es
tablished by the War Department. The
duties of his office will necessitate his
residence in the national capital and his
rellnquishment of the command of the
Department of California.
Will Succeed to Command of
Department.
Army Officers Speculating: as to Who
MAJOR GENERAL YOUNG
GETS NEW APPOINTMENT
/ A very pleasing feature which was In
troduced to lighten the afternoon's exer
cises was a musical number, under the
direction of Mrs. Marriner-Campbell. con
sisting of - excerpts from the "Daisy
Chain," a series of songs of childhood,
Music Relieves Proceedings.
Mrs. Kate.A. Bulkeley, Ebell Club, Oakland;
Mrs. .T.-M. Young, Adelphian Club, Alameda;
Mrs. I. N." Chapman, Tea Club, Alameda; Mrs.
George W. Bunnell, Oakland Club: Mrs. C. S.
Sargent, Philomathean Club, Stockton.
Mrs. John Russ, vice president of the
Alameda district, spoke of the work ac
complished by the various clubs under
her charge, referring in high terms to
the work accomplished by each. The fol
lowing presidents followed her:
Mrs. G. T. Greenleaf, Contemporary Club,
Redlands: Mrs. Hayden de Laney, Wednesday
Morning Club, San Diego; Mrs. E. B. Scctt,'
San Diego Club and San Diego County Federa
tion: Mrs. Herman Wellish, Sherman Heights
Mothers' Glub, San Diego; Mrs. L. B. Harris,
Shakespeare Club, San Diego.
Mrs. Mary" Darling of the Riverside
Woman's Club represented Mrs. Estelle
H. Langworthy, vice president of the San
Diego district, and Introduced the follow
ing club presidents: .
Mrs A. D. Sharon, California Club: Mrs.
Annie Little Barry, Corona Club; Mrs. Edward
Gear Dennlston, Forum Club; Mrs. Jacob Brandt,
Laurel Hall Club; Mrs. W. H. Byington. Mills
Club; Mrs. Ellen M. Sexton, Pacific Coast Wo
men's Press Association; Mrs. W. B. Harring
ton (represented by Mrs. Dubar), Sorosls Club;
Mrs. Florence Kendall, Contemporary Club;
Mrs. I. Lowenbergr, Philomath Club; Mrs. O.
F. Parkinson; Palo Alto Woman's Club; Mrs.
Emily A. Fritsch (represented by Mrs. Ra
venscroft), Petaluma Woman's Club; Miss Ida
McAdam (represented by Mrs. Dickinson); Wat
sonvlle Woman's Club; Mrs. S. B. Carpenter,
Wlmodausls Club.
The afternoon session was mainly de
voted to hearing the reports of Mrs. Louis
Weinmann, vice president of the San
Francisco district, who stated that there
were fourteen clubs in her district, ten of
which are located In this city and four
outside. Following Mrs. Weinmannr the
presidents of the various clubs in the dis
trict spoke. Each president was allowed
two minutes in which" to present the his
tory of the club over which she presided.
Time was kept with a stop watch, and
Mrs. Burdette dropped her gavel with
great Impartiality, sometimes in the
midst of a glowing report on what the
club had done and what it proposed to
do.
The presidents who reported for their
clubs were:
District Officers Make Reports.
While feeling the tendency toward the mixed
clubs, I, cannot belfcve that they should ever
take the place of "the woman's club." The
hours of the day when it would be possible for
both father and mother to attend such a club
are Just, the hours when., the mother should be
at home with the family and not at the. club,
as the father should be at home with his fam
ily and not at a club of any sort or condi
tion. Eut I think' the women's clubs should
not iKr.cre the men as they do. and therefore
I nuggest that at regular Intervals they should
entertain the husbands and men friends and
give them a glimpse of woman's club life as it
really Is, and not as they do not. know it to be.
recognized, while the ereatness of Individual
club personality is a quality to be cultivated.
The Trt}de'Mark.S./H.;& M. : Guar
'". antees Style, .
durability and economy in any skirt bind
ing on which you find it. . •
ALTHOUGH only a very small num
ber of the delegates attending the
convention of the California Fed
eration of Women's Clubs w%re
present yesterday morning when
the hour for opening the day's proceed
ings arrived, Mrs. Burdette. the president,
promptly dropped her gravel. As the hours
•wore on and the skies began to brighten
delegates and spectators dropped in and
Golden Gate Hall was comfortably filled
v.hen the hour for the noon recess arrived.
The afternoon attendance was excellent.
An amusing incident occurred during the
morning session. One of the delegates in
the rear of the hall suggested that the
ladies in the body of the hail should take
off their hats. This was donojon proper
motion and the president was nearly
ready to take up the regular order of busi-i
ness.
"I would suggest," s&ld another dele
gate, "that the officers on the stage doff
their hats."
Amid the handclappings of the dele
grates, Mrs. Burdette took off hers and
was followed quickly by all the others.
Then business was resumed. After read-
Ing the minutes of the previous session
reports of committees were called for.
In the absence of Alre. M. E. Robert
eon of Los Angeles, chairman of the com-
¦ Sim I March 18, 1901, I have received into
mpmblehip fifty-eight clubs, making, with
those . received . prior to that, date, ninety-five.
These clubs represent a membership, not in
round figures, but by actual count from fig
ures sent out by club secretaries, of 7014. The
growth has been principally in the Los An
geles district, which has thirty-six clubs with
a membership of 21S8, having had an increase
of eleven clubs with a membership of 368. | The
Ban Diego . district stands second. In growth,
having fourteen clubs, and having gained six
clubs with a membership of 251, the total mem
bership of the district being 873. The gain has
been in the northern part of the district, in
Riverside and San Bernardino counties. The
San Joaqulu district stands third, having eight
een clubs with a total membership of 667, hav
ing gained nine clubs, numbering 170.
The northern district is fourth, having seven
clubs, only one of which is a charter member
— the Woodland ' Shakespeare Club. ¦ The gain
is six clubs, numbering 308; the total member
ship Is 327. ¦• -
The San Francisco district has fifteen clubs
with a total membership of 1736. -having gained
four clubs numbering 181. The Alameda dis
trict' hap eight clubs with a membership of
1223, - having > gained two, numbering 1 158.
' President Mjikes Address.
-Mrs. Solomon Jewett of Bakersfleld pre
Mrs. I. Lowenberg, the recording secre
tary," in' her report announced that at
present the federation was composed of
ninety-five clubs, ¦ with a membership of
75C7. The work of the last two years was
thoroughly reviewed. The report con
cluded as follows:
It U a recognized fact that the trend of the
times Is toward • co-operation or consolidation —
synonomous terms — which Is shown by the gi
gantic trusts— trusts In commercial life and by
federation in club llf«. It is practical and be
coming universal because effective. The edu
cational and altruistic activity of women
which permeates every hamlet, the wide Intelli
gence, the many vital things that surge around
them, requiring definite thought and unity of
action, render the Federation of Clubs a po
tential factor in molding public sentiment and
an absolute necessity for the mil information
of the sociological and humanitarian develop
ment of the times.
Some Interesting statistics , were pre
sented by Mrs. W. W. Stillson, correspond
ing secretary. After detailing the amount
of printed matter and stationery that
was sent out and the number of letters
written the following figures were given
as to membership and location In dis
tricts: ' vi-v
Reports Indicate Prosperity.
mittee on credentials, the report of the
committee was read by Mrs. Frank Pryor
of the Wednesday Morning Club of Los
Angeles. The report showed that 127 dele
gates, five of whom were alternates, were
entitled to seats. -
Mrs. Dorville Libby read the report of
Mrs. Lovell White of the biennial local
board, detailing the work done by the
members of the board in arranging all de-.
tails preparatory to holding .the conven
tion. Mrs. LJbby supplemented the report
by stating that eleven meetings had been
held and eighteen committees appointed.
Mrs. George W. Bunnell of Oakland read
the report of the committee on rules and
regulations. Speakers whose names do
not appear on the programme are to be
limited to three minutes and no member
Is to be allowed to speak more than once
on any subject. No delegate is allowed
to represent more than one club and
proxies are barred. All motions must be
made in writing.
Mrs. Henry C. Bunker was appointed
timekeper by the chairman.
Mrs". Kate A. Bulkley of Oakland pre
sented the report of the programme com
mittee, as published.
While the State at large can never accom
plish any desired ends save through the co
operation and united effort of the Individual
clubs, certain lines of consideration there are
The work of these first two years of the
State Federation has been accomplished by the
very efficient and painstaking officers with
which your choice or untried workers has sur
rounded me. In addition to the duties for
which they were elected, graciously and gen
•erously-have they performed the arduous labor
If double duty laid upon them by the absence
of your president from the State. Honored as
I was by this, tfie highest office in your gift
in face of the fact of my well-known plan to
be absent for many months. I felt then .what
I now most fully .realize that my term of office
would be to me one of but half accomplished
plans— unsatisfactory attempts to keep In per
sonal touch with the work and the workers
across the thousands of miles stretching be
tween us. What has been accomplished and
so well wrought out has been largely due ta
the well-directed zeal and the efficient labors
of the executive board and very especially to
your shle vice president and your more than
faithful corresponding secretary. To the lat -
ter particularly I wish to express my personal
Indebtedness, for her multiplied services to the
federation during my absence has meant not
only faithfulness of enlrlt, but increased an.I
arduous labors of hand and brain, at the sec
rctary'B desk.
Work of the Federation.
Members of the State Federation of Cali
fornia and Yoke-fellows All: While this Is not
our first anniversary, It is our first birthday
party. Young as we are, we can not only walk
alone, but .we have learned to ask for what
w© want, and if it Is not promptly given us,
we have ceased to cry for It. like babies and
have acquired the chtld-hablt of helping our
selves. As California is credited with being
the "exceptional State," from her climate to
her truthful narrators of simple fact, so her
State Federation of Women's Clubs can be
Justly classed as "exceptional" In the history
ef this club movement. With a State that Is
territorially an empire, necessitating a Journey
of one thousand miles every time the President
attended a board meeting — and repeated Jour
neys, that multiplied the mileage Into several
thousands. In response to the Invitations of in
dividual clubs, for reciprocal consultation and
th« Inspiration of personal association; with
the strength and time of somer'of our club
women already given to similar though smaller
federations of club women In different sections
of the State, doing a similar, but more Isolated
work; with the • "district" Idea, having six
throbbing centers of activity, thought, and pur
pose for the State, instead of one — which was
with us an organized plan In the beginning In.
stead of a growth, as in many of the older
States— with a very rapidly and constantly In
creasing family, until at two years of age
we number a greater State membership than
any one of twenty-eight States in the thirty
six — with all these conditions, the difficulties
of perfect organization have- been Indeed pecu
liar and purpose-testing.
In her address Mrs. Burdette dwelt
upon what the federation had accom
plished and what it ought to do to further
the work of«women's clubs. She said in
part:
Mrs. Hermann H. • Kerchoff of Los
Angeles, who is designated as the State
corresponding secretary of the General
Federation, was absent, and Mrs. Still
son made a brief report for her. Her
duties are attending to the correspond
ence of the president. As Mrs. Kerchoff
was forced to resign Mrs. Burdette an
nounced that Mrs. Joseph Sartorl of the
Friday Morning Club of Los Angeles had
been appointed In her 'stead.
sented her report as treasurer. It showed
that since the organization of the State
Federation the receipts had amounted to
$1829 75; the disbursements were $991 53,
and the balance on hand was $838 22. Mrs.
G. J. Bucknall of the auditing committee
reported that all the books and accounts
were, correct.
PRESIDENT OF THE FORUM CLUB. PRESIDENT OF THE PACIFIC COAST WQMEN'S PRESS . ASSOCIATION
AND PRESIDENT OF THE LAUREL HILL CLUB, WHO READ REPORTS YESTERDAY DURING THE AF
TERNOON SESSION OF THE CALIFORNIA FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS. .
• The ' ladies of the Forum Club will be
at home- in- their rooms- in the Central
block, 223 Sutter street, on Saturday.
The programme for to-day is one of
the most important scheduled for the con
vention. 'The election of officers will take
place In the morning, the ballot box to be
open from 10 a. m. to 12:30 p. m. Business
matters, constitutional . amendments and
a plan of reorganization will be discussed.
But the most important matter to come
is the discussion of the question of the
admission of I clubs of colored women to
the general ! federation. The i debate will
be opened by Mrs. E. O. Smith of San
Jose, and ; Mrs. George W. Haight of
Berkeley. ,At noon the discussion will
close. The officers of the districts
which have not yet reported will be heard
from and a number of interesting papers
will be read. The members will devote the
evening to. social calls. ' . ' .
"Miss Mabel Clare Craft of Oakland-fol
lowed with- a dissertation upon the com
munity property law, and urged its
prompt amendment. Mrs. Lou V. Chapin
of Los -Angeles closed the discussion.
The basis of the law regarding the property
of women has the basis of the English com
mon law, down to the time of the revolution.
It since has been expanded and Improved, but
it still contains the crude, harsh laws of the
old Anglo-Saxon. They based their tenure on
the military service of the holder, and It passed
away with his life. Then inheritance came In,
and finally woman was allowed to become an
heir. From this came, by slow ¦ degrees, the
laws which are. to-day, upon our statute books.
Mrs. * Martha Strickland Clark opened
the evening discussion on "Property
Rights of Women," saying in part:
Every in the hall was filled last
night when the president called the con
vention to order. - Many of the ladies were
in evening dress, and others took the ad
vice of Mrs. Burdette and brought their
husbands with- them, that they might be
come better acquainted with the mys
teries of the club life of women.
Mrs. Camille d'Arville-Crellln, who was
announced to sing, sent her regrets at
being unable to be present on account ot
her physician's orders.
Discuss Property Rights.
Mrs. Mary parting, vice president pro tern.
of the San Diego. district; Mrs. W. T. Lewis
i£ same ofnce tn the L 08 Angeles district,
and 'Mrs. G. G. Greenleaf of Redlands to the
committee on resolutions.
There is yet much to condemn in modern
Journalism. Does the press create public sen
timent or does public sentiment direct Its pol
icy is a question that Is freely asked. It Is
easier to criticize than to do. Yellow Journal
ism can have no defense. It panders to the
depraved taste of those who want that class
of literature, and the people who buy it are
equally responsible for its existence.
Mrs. Burdette announced the following
appointments:
The newspaper as it comes to you in the
morning, and is read, thrown aside, made to
do duty on a pantry shelf, to light the fire or
polish the stove, is a commonplace thing. But
take It as it really is — the most titanic forces
are used in its production, and it becomes a
marvel of Influence and force in molding public
opinion. The greatest scientists, doctors,
lawyers and statesmen contribute to its col
umns. By means of the telegraph the club wo
men of the United States from Maine to Cali
fornia are reading qf the doings of this federa
tion. The newspaper is an every day cyclo
pedia of the present. The newspaper la the lit
erature of the masses.. "As a man readeth in
the newspaper so is he."
Mrs. Florence Collins Porter of Los An
geles read a paper on the "Influence of
the Press on Education." - Mrs. Porter
was formerly president of the Maine Fed
eration. She said in part:
The woman ..who works will be. the ruler of
her own fate. . We clubwomen know. them In
every scale, from the silly shopgirl up to the
department head. Their wide experience, their
small wages, their troubles with overtime and
petty exactions make them almost working ma
chines. They need to go out into the world and
see things, as they are. The wife of the work
ingman is the backbone and sinew of the land.
Knowledge . and sympathy are the two great
factors to overcome the tribulations of the
working classes.'
"Extension of Clubs Among Working
Women" was the title of a paper read
by Dr. Dorothea Moore. Working women
were divided by the speaker into two
classes— the woman who works for a liv
ing a:«3 the womao whose husband is. a
working man. She said- in part:
by Liza Lehman. Prior to the rendering
of each song, either in solo or quartet,
the singers being Miss Florence Julia
Doane, soprano; Miss Grace Carroll, con
trajto; Herbert Williams, tenor, and Wil
lard Young, barytone, Mrs. Edith Nor
mann Klock read each number. Mrs. W.
J. Batchelder presided at the piano. .
Mrs. F. E. Prior of Los Angeles read
the report of the committee on club ex
tension. She read the figures of increase
in clubs and membership, and urged upon
all club members the advisability of re
ciprocity meetings in all districts, where
the larger clubs should invite the smaller
clubs to unite with them in. discussion of
club topics. {
What Clubs Can Do.
I would like to susffest to the individual clubs
of cities and towns where there-, is more than
one organization that "courtesy days" bfi es
tablished, where one club invites all the mem
bers of the other clubs to be its euests and
to take part In the programme for that day.
With the more Intimate knowledge of each
other's work and workers, there will result less
unjust criticism, less friction in the club life
of the community and a sincere and helpful
belief in each other's motives and methods. '
As California Is one of the largest States in
the federation, so must her women be largest
In their ideas, broadest in their sympathies,
noblest in their work. The "littleness" of in
dividual clubism Is a danger always to be
which it is most desirable the clubs, as clubs,
should think upon, which may end there with
out beir.s considered State matters. *
Grammar school certificates — Miss Augusta
Retnsteln, Mrs. Ella L. Smith, Miss E. Ethel
Washington,' MIbs Helen E. Spafford, Mis3
Gertrude H. .'Lewis, Miss Marie G. Klein and
M{ss Wanda Beichling.
High school certificates — Miss Emma G. Bar
ron, Miss Maude Hyman, Richard D. Faulkner,
Mist. Eily Mahoney Grosjean and Miss Mary
M. Kldder.
• Permanent gramiAar school . certificates —
Miss Lena C. Cole, Miss Mary Aloise Brierton,
Miss Jennie B. Hinds, Miss Margaret Lahaney,,
Miss Kate A. Humphreys, Miss Belle C. Kin
caid Miss Margaret A. Burnett. Mis3 Alice A.
Blumenthal. Miss Eva M. McKee.
Grammar grade certificates renewed — Miss
Isabel Evans, Miss C. M. Mills. Edward W.
Enes. Miss Mary O'Keefe, Miss Nellie C. Hus
sey and Daniel Crosby.
Primary certificate renewed — Miss Eliza 1».
West.
Special French certificate of the grammar
grade renewed — Miss Margaret A. Burnett.
Permanent High School certificate — James J.
Schmlt. ¦ . ¦ ¦
The following teachers' certificates' were
granted:
Kindergarten primary certificate — Miss Laura
Richards.
Grants Teachers' Certificate's.
Sealed proposals for constructing a
handball court on .the playground at
Seventh and Harrison streets will be re
ceived and opened next Wednesday.
Mrs. Annie Walsh -was appointed janl
tress of the Redding School.
Attorney S. V. Costello petitioned that
Miss Ada Martin, who was deprived of
her position as principal of the .Noe Val
ley School, be assigned to the first vacant
principalship that may occur. The peti
tion was taken under advisement.
In accordance with -a request made by
Principal Bush of the Polytechnic High
School and indorsed by Professor Ham,
head of the department of history of the
school, English history in the low junior
class was dropped.
Miss Ruth G. Campbell, Miss Laura S.
Templeton and A. T. Wlnn were placed
on the teachers' retired list at their own
request.
The petition of Mrs. Rebecca Greenan
that she be granted a rehearing of the
charges which resulted in her dismissal
was denied.
Resolved. That the evening eligible and the
evening probationary teachers be rearranged in
the order of their appointment to the depart
ment and that when vacancies occur In the
evening schools assignments be made accord
ingly.
Miss Euclid Crookham was reinstated
to the department and N placed on tne
eligible list.
Miss ,Rae Cohen, formerly stenography
teacher in the Horace Mann Evening
School, was placed on the evening eligible
list of special teachers in stenography. .
The sum of $100 was allowed the Super
intendent of Schools, to be used to defray
the expenses of the annual examination
of applicants for teachers' certificates. .
W. W. Bausman was appointed Chief
Census Marshal, said appointment to date
from March 1, 1902. -^
Plans for Nevr Scfiool Building.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to submit plans and specifications
for a twelve-class building, to be known
as the Noe Valley School, -located at
Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets.
The board decided to add three rooms
to the Columbia School, and Director
Woodward will consult with the feoard
of Public Works on the subject.
Mrs. Emma Rollins was appointed janl
tress of the Irving M. Scott School, vice
Mrs. Howley, resigned. . ¦
The mid-term vacation was fixed for
March 24 to March 28, both dates in
clusive.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and adopted a . resolution restoring the
chronological order in the assignment of
teachers from the evening school eligible
list. The resolution, which 'puts into ef
fect the priority service plan, was intro
duced by Director Woodward, who holds
that it is an injustice to appoint a teacher
by any other method. The resolution fol
lows: ' . . - ... v ,'.
W. W. Bausman Is Appointed
to Superintend Taking
of the_Census.
Evening Teachers to Be
Assigned in Chrono
logical Order.
BOARD RESTORES
PRIORITY PLAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1 90S. !
Ninety-Five Organizations, Representing More Than 7000 Members, Are
United Under One Head, Working Along Industrial, Literary, Political
and Civic Lines—President Burdette Suggests Plans for the Future
CLUB OFFICERS MAKE ENCOURAGING
REPORTS OF FEDERATION PROGRESS
5
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
IT IS A SHAME FOR
ANY CASE OF
PI LES
; TO BE CUT..
MODERN SCIENCE HAS COM-
pletely mastered the disease
without sur—.ry or delay. DO NOT
ALLOW YOURSELF V TO BE
BUTCHERED UNTIL YOU HAVE
•INVESTIGATED." Over, one thou-
sand cases * permanently cured
without a single failure* 500 of
whom live in the city, of San Fran-
cisco. THE NAMES OF 75 PROM-
INENT BUSINESS MEN SENT
AS REFERENCE. Do not take
my word for it, but find out, what (
they have to say. The worst cases
wanted; Write to-day for . further
particulars. Address RESIDENT
PHYSICIAN, box 2673, Call Office,
San Francisco. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISS BONNIE DELANO
A Chicago Society Lady, in a
Letter to Mrs. Pinkham says :
"Deab Mrs. Pinkham:— Of all the
grateful daughters to whom you have
given health and life, none are more
glad than I. » ¦ _
?'My home and my life vras happy
MISS B0NX1E DELANO.
until illness came upon me three years
ago. I first noticed it by being irreg-
ular and having very painful and
scanty menstruation; gradually my
general health failed ; I could not en-
joy my meals ; I became languid and
nervous, with griping pains frequently
in the groins. . v
"I advised with our family phys-
ician who prescribed without any im-
provement. One day he said.— 'Try
JLydia Pinkham's Remedies.* I
did, thank God ; the next month I was
better, and it gradually built me up
until in four months I was cured. This
is nearly a year ago .and I have not
had a pain, or ache since."— Bostnie
Delano, 3248 Indiana Ave., Chicago,
III.— S 5000 forfeit If above testimonial la not
genuine. : . . : '-— .'.
- Trustworthy proof is abundant that
JLydia E. Plnkham'si Vegetable
Compound saves thousands of
young women from" dangers resulting
from organic irregularity, suppression
or retention of the menses, ovarian or
womb troubles. Refuse substitutes.
/ _ _______ ADViaaTISEMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL WOMEN 8
•'¦• ' v - : . ' : --"--. • ,• *• "'--'"* -'; v . /. ' • - • ¦_,„¦¦_,,_, "¦•'•^ '¦'¦'"'¦' Z
Miss Lenore Allen, 407 Dowell street, San Francisco, Cal., writes: 'i ' n ' n ' t ! l~' "fTr" rr~| rj-fcl *w f *| jrn~
"I consider Peruna an infallible remedy for catarrhal diseases. For several years I have been troubled
with influenza, especially during our rainy season. I used to catch cold so easily that I was afraid to be out when
the weather was the least bit inclement, or in the evening air. But since I have used Peruna I have nothing
whatever the matter with me.:
"J am in perfect health, and find that Paruna acts as a ionic, and seems to throw all sickness and disease
out of the body. I go anywhere now and in all kinds of weather, seem to have an iron constitution and enjoy life
because I enjoy perfect health." ' LENORE ALLEN.
Miss Mattie Douglass, 138 Thomas a book of testimonials of the cures Pe- "Women are naturally more susceptible
ave., Memphis, Tenn., writes: runa has made. to inclemencies of the weather than men.
"From my early womanhood I have been n „ , ., u 1 .« "With them a cold is often the starting
troubled with occasional headaches. I rCrtlfla iU3K6S LlftM]. Il63ltllY poInt of some severe P elvlc derangement,
took different powders and drugs, at times __ , n causing much pain and suffering:,
getting temporary relief. One of my liliifftiK ftlfini nrflflPS — — Lfl= Kvery woman needs a remedy upon
friends advised me to try Peruna, which H1UWVU3 WtlllUiaUM vu. whlch _ he can re i y to keep her system
I d w d U , l SOOIt J fouI ' d tnat m y general farrllfll HkpflCPS iticfliHIPflr fortified against the trying weather of
health improved, and my entire system tttlTHal 1/ldCdoCd l/lMppCiU . W i nte r and early spring, if Peruna is
was toned up. . D«— .„-«-.+! .* - taken at the first symptom of a cold it
"I felt a buoyancy of body and light- 1 ©riI13IICIltI V. will cure it before it develops into stme
ness of mind I had not known before and •* annoying catarrhal derangement,
my headaches. have completely disappear- The mucous membrane Is to the inside If you do not derive prompt and satis-
ed, and I have enjoyed perfect health for o f tne body what the SKin is to the out- factory results from the use of Peruna.
over a year. I gladly endorse Peruna." 3 j de of the body. It lines every organ write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
_ MATTIE DOUGLASS.' .juct and cavity. Catarrhal inflammation full statement of your case and he will.
Women from all parts of the United attacking one part is liable to spread to be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
States and Canada are testifying daily tc other parts. A neglected cold or slight vice gratis.
the virtue of Peruna. Only a few of these catarrh is often the cause of lingering Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
letters can ever be published. Write foi md dangerous catarrh. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
I BKATSGHINSKf
I THANKS^
I THE PUBLIC.
| Mr. B. Katschlnskl, proprietor of the
I Philadelphia Shoe Company. 10 Third
• street. San Francisco, desires to thank
E his many friends and customers for
E their liberal patronage during the past
F year. To them I feel a debt of gratl-
I tude for not only trading with me, but
f also for their many kind words spoken
K of me and my shoes, thereby enabling
I me to increase my business. I hope to
W merit a continuance of their patron-
age in the future, and on my part I
promise that my one aim will be to
• sell the very best shoes for 'the least
money. Shoos that are nobby and up-
to-date, styles that will please the eye
and feel comfortable on the foot and
; 'every pair guaranteed. Enjoying aa I
' do the largest retail ehoe business on
the Pacific Coast, my stock Is also the
most complete. Whether : you desire ,
ehoes for dress or pleasure, for outdoor
exercise or for work I can supply you. :_
Cheap, medium ami fine 'I carry all"
grades and all are guaranteed. I also
carry a complete line of union stamped
; shoes for men, women and children and
: sell them as cheap as shoes that do
not bear the union stamp. I close at a
p. m. on week days and 11 p. m. on
Saturdays, and will continue to close
at those hours, provided all other shoe
stores do the same.
I also thank my country patrons, and
- - to each will shortly mail my new il-
lustrated' catalogue. I also wish to
remind them that I have no traveling
- agents nor branch stores anywhere out-
side of this city.
country Orders solicited.
Address all communications to
I 4 B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET.
San Francisco. - -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap. /
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world. . /.
Said all QTcr the trorid.
Oeularium
Offers you the service of
optical experts and makes
• your glasses to order at
. moderate cost.
Ma rj<et Sij^SOPRANO NOW SINGING AT OR.
PHEUM AND ACTRESS APPEAR
ING AT GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a."
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend's.*
The Nordica song recitals are postponed
indefinitely,. in consequence of the serious
indisposition of the singer.
The Steindorff Symphony Orchestra •will
celebrate St. Valentine's day with an ex
ceptionally good programme. The open
ing number will be the "Unfinished- Sym
phony" of Schubert, one of the most beau
tiful among the symphonies, and with
Gllnku's overture. "The Life of the Czar,"
a typical number of the Slavic school; the
charming "Serenade" of Jadassohn. and
a lovely example of the modern French
school In "Phaeton," the symphonic poem
by Saint-Saena, will comprise a pro
gramme that has not been excelled in In
terest since the reorganization of the so
ciety.
A "fat ladles' race on stilts," together
with the usual amateur bill, will be the
programme at the Chutes and Zoo to
night. Ella Burt, coasting the chutes on
a bicycle, is still a considerable attraction.
seph Reichen'3 hand-balancing dogs are
wonderful canine acrobats. Josephine Sa
bel, the "little woman with tne his
voice"; the great Cycle Whirl. Jordan and
Crouch, eccentric dancers, and the Da
Coma family of acrobats are In their last
performancea. Mary Norman, the draw
ing-room monologist, and many other
new features are announced for next
week.
Wincherman's trained T>ears and a per
forming monkey were added to the al
ready strong bill at the Orpheura yester
day, and scored an animal triumph at
both performances. One big bear, which
stands higher than his trainer, is as
gentle as a kitten and does the most amus
ing things, while the three lesser bruins
are well educated and ,very droll. The
act comes direct from Russia, via Austra
lia, and is the best of the kind ever seen
here. Adeline Roattlno is a pleasing so
prano: Victor Jerome, Lottie Fremont
and Harry W. Welch present a decided
novelty in "The Haunted Mill,", and Jo-
ater's bill of the week and has found
favor with the patrons of the uptown
house. Among those who do much for the
strong melodrama are James Ccrrigan,
Hallett Thompson, Ernest Howeil. An*
nette Marshall and Margaret Marshall.
"A Young Wife" will be given next week.
Mrs. Pat Campbell says that since coming to this
country slie has won $22,000 Vat bridge whist from
society dames in New York, so it would seem she is
not so gifted at elevating the stage as she is at raising
the limit and lifting the stakes.
The use of the single word "wireless"! to signify
wireless telegraphy has now become so well estab
lished in the East that the papers of •that section
speak of messages sent "wirelessly* or I of -being
"wirelessed-" By and by we will all be "wirelessing,"
and then the thing will be settled.
A codfish recently caught on the shore of Nova
Scotia was found to have in its stomach the mouth
piece of a trombone, and the next thing we know
we may hear of a school ,of fish transforming itself
into a marine, band. . ;
Two very- estimable members of the Board of Edu
cation are striving, with a view of keeping their jobs,
to do the historic j wicked brother act in connection
wittf their administration. They forget that ignor
ance' gives no pardon for offense under the law.
It seems to be settled that Sir Thomas Lipton will
try again for the America's Cup, and of course he
will be welcome when he comes; but if he keeps the
thing .up it will not be very long before that sham
rock of his will begin to appear like a leaf from a
chestnut tree. . . . ... •
It looks as if the departure of Prince Henry from
New York will be the signal for something, like an
outbreak of civil war in high society, for so many
snags have arisen in the course of arranging for his
reception that the only way to get thtm. out of the
social swim hereafter will be to fight them out.
When it was first proposed that the Census Bureau
be made a permanent part of the Government a bill
was devised for that purpose which ..would have Es
tablished the bureau with the least possible expense
and placed its clerks under the merit system. To that
proposal Congress showed itself, adverse from the
The story of the measure discloses an immense job.
It will be remembered that when preparations were
under way for taking the census efforts were made to
have all appointments subject to the merit system,
as the experience of the past had proven that ap
pointments made as a part of the spoils system of
politics invariably Handicapped the bureau in its work
and led to serious, defects in the results. All such
efforts were futile. Congress made use of the cen
sus service as a means of helping its pets, and ac
cordingly a very large proportion of the employes
of the bureau are nothing more nor less than political
tax-eaters.
CONGRESS may have its faults, but if reports
from Washington be true it cannot be rightly
charged with any feeling of callous indiffer
ence toward the claims which pets have upon the
human heart. It appears that the new bill for estab
lishing a permanent census bureau differs from the
original bill mainly in that it provides for what a
Massachusetts Representative called "keeping, our
pets in office," and the vigor with which it has been
supported shows that the. change has won for it the
support of many a Congressman who otherwise
would not even have taken the trouble to read it.
CARING FOR PETS.
If Schwab, the steel magnate, has shocked our
sense of the proprieties by his recent exploits at
Monte Carlo, he certainly has left nothing undone
to tickle those who shy at royalty.: A few days ago
when asked for an interview 'by Emperor Franz
Joseph Mr. Schwab sent word that he was too busy.
An illustration .of the rapidity with which this
country advances is shown by the fact that whereas
the construction of the first bridge from New York
to Brooklyn was a continental wonder and excited
universal admiration, there will now soon be three
additional bridges between the two cities, and the
projects hardly attract notice even in New York it
self.
There is another week .in sight of the
popular production of "The Ameer" at the
Tlvoli Opera-house. This is the second
•week; of the opera and It still -remains
very: popular -with. Tlvoli audiences.. It is
smartly put on, costumes, and settings be
ing in the . Tivoll's, best style, and the fine
company of singers do ample justice to
the .vocal end of the opera, "The Sere
nade," the favorite production of the'Bos
tonlans,-will come next. , •.:< •
• -- • • ; ¦•¦ •¦ ¦•: - ••' -•. ¦. :\ ¦"¦
, "Master and Man" Is the Centra! The-
The Alcazar edition of '-'The Danites"
is going very ' well this week. It is by
much the strongest of. the Western plays
that have been produced and the Alcazar
company is giving a very pleasing ren
dering of its powerful story. M. LL Alsop
has the part of Sandy McGee and nils all
requirements' as the typical miner of the
days gone by. George Osbourne as tbV
parson and Frank | Bacon as the Judge
are particularly well suited in their parts,
and Marion Convere as the heroine, Nancy
Williams, and ; Margaret. Wycherley as
Hulda Brown are both attractive. The
"Rogue's Comedy" is billed for next week.
The Grand Opera-house has a very good
bill this week with the favorite play, "Jim
the Penman," as the - programme. Ed
ward Ard'en, who is now in the third week
of his starring engagement at the Mis
sion-street house, has the role of the
clever detective who finally "lands" the
ingenious thief known to the police as
"Jim the Penman." The role suits Mr.
Arden excellently and he is well sup
ported by the stock company of the house.
Herschel Mayall does good work as the
famous forger, Laura Nelson Hall as his
wife is seen to advantage and Lillian Al
bertson shows much promise, in the role
of Agnes. Gardner Crane is another
player who does much for the play. "Rag
lan's Way" comes next, another play from
the pen of Mr. Arden. ' ' ".
• ¦ ¦ >' •.¦'¦''.?
The play is ¦ admirably staged and the
drama is highly enjoyable from end to
end. Next -week the California will have
another excellent attraction, the' Froh
man production of "Tne Sign of the
Cross," with Charles Dalton in his
original part.
The romantic drama Is also in evidence
at the California Theater, where a very
enjoyable and picturesque presentation of
"The. Pride of Jennico" is being given.
The production is the one in which James
K. Hackett won so much favor. Wallace
Worsley, who was with the Empire Stock
Company last season, assumes the hero's
part and seems to have his metier in the
romantic drama. Miss Frances Neilson
as the Princess of Dornhelm shares honors
with Mr. Worsley and the rest of the
cast is made up of clever people.
ONE of the most successful produc
tions of recent theatrical seasons
is the current play at the Colum
bia Theater, "In the Palace of
' the King." with Miss Viola Allen
and her," company at the helm. The play
itself is of sterling interest, the story stir
ring and picturesque and told with clear
ness and speed. The players rank with
the best of the theatrical organizations
that are to be seen and the' settings are
of the utmost splendor. Miss Allen re
turns to us with a broader genius and
stronger spell and as the charming Do
lores de Mondoza has the best part in
many respects that she has been seen in
here. William Pascpe as the hero, Don
John, makes a very pleasing impression,
and W. E. Bonriey, as the King of Spain,
gives an exceptionally strong picture of
the despicable monarch. Arthur Hoyt is
a clever court fool and the rest of the
cast is in competent hands. The crowds
are handled cleverly and the production Is
one in all respects that should be seen.
The issue is one that should be acted upon
promptly. The St. Louis exposition is going to af
ford an extraordinary opportunity for making known
the advantages which California offers to settlers and
to capitalists, as well as revealing the wealth of
products we have to offer to trade and commerce.
The time for preparing for the exhibit is but short.
San Francisco, therefore, should act at once. She will
be the chief beneficiary of the exhibit andi should be
the chief contributor toward the cost of preparing it
and maintaining it.
No argument is needed to sustain the fact that this
city is the reservoir of the wealth of the State, and
that the business prosperity of the city is dependent
upon the prosperity of the State at large. Anything
that tends to populate the State or develop the re
sburces and industries of the interior will 'tend to
build up and make prosperous the city itself.
Los Angeles will probably undertake to bear the
brunt of the Southern California exhibit at- St. Louis,
and San Francisco, with an equal consistency, should
undertake to assure a proper and adequate represen
tation of the »resour*ces of the entire State. The
amount of money to establish such a useful and
helpful leadership for the city would not be a heavy
burden upon the community. Were something like
$2000 a month contributed to the State Board of
Trade for the advancement of the welfare qf the State
the tax upon San Francisco would be slight, while
it would so increase the efficiency of the board as to
enable it to accomplish many things toward turning
the tide of. migration to California.
From the example of .Los Angeles we can learn
much to our advantage if we make a proper use of
the lesson. San Francisco is to California what Los
Angeles is to the south. As the metropolis of the
coast it will receive corresponding benefits from the
increased settlement and increased development of
the country which it feeds. In fact, there is no surer
way of building up San Francisco than by first build
ing up the interior. The more people there are in
the State the larger will be the amount of trade and
traffic our merchants will have to handle and our
bankers to finance. Such being the case, the busi
ness men and the property-holders of the city should
rouse themselves at this juncture and do all in their
power to promote the efforts already undertaken by
the people of the interior.
It is well known that the success of the counties of
Southern California has been largely due to the in
itiative and the leadership of Los Angeles. The peo
ple of that city have recognized the fact that what
ever advanced the welfare of any one of the south
ern counties was a distinct benefit to Los Angeles,
and according!}- they have been ever willing not only
to aid and back up the work of the counties, but to
undertake of their owr. motion many enterprises cal
culated to advertise the counties and to attract to
them capital and immigration.
The chief object of such efforts at present is that
of making a suitable exhibit of the counties and of
the State at the St. Louis exposition. In that work
no portion o* the State has a larger interest than San
Francisco, and the progressive men of the city ought
therefore to cordially co-operate in promoting it.
ACCORDING to the reports that come to us
the irterior counties of the State are just
now manifesting more interest in efforts to
advertise their resources and attract immigration than
ever before in their history. The work is being un
dertaken not with the brass band methods of the old
boom days, but with an earnestness that promises
permanently good results.
A DUTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The endowment is $10,000,000 in 5 per cent bonds,
yielding $500,000 annually.' The purpose was tersely
stated by Mr. Carnegie in his, brief and impressive
speech at the first meeting of the trustees. ' He said:
"Gentlemen, your work begins; your aims are high;
you seek to extend known forces and to discover and
utilize new forces for the benefit of man." When
Ptolemy Soter, the half-brother of Alexander the
Great, .founded the Alexandrian Library and its
academy, he, moved upon by the -spirit of Aristotle,
his teacher, made the same declaration' of purpose.
Separate ages in the history of man have accom
plished their purpose and passed between the. two
events, and yet the field is not exhausted nor have
the needs of man for its tillage been satisfied. The
spirit is uplifted mightily in the contemplation of this
latest preparation for continuing a work that began
when ir.en lived who had listened to Plato.
As understood on his own declarations this super
structure is begun by Mr. Andrew Carnegie in the
institution which is to bear his name. Its trustees
are made by the trust deed a self-perpetuating cor
poration, of which the President of the United States,
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House,
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution and presi
dent of the National Academy of Sciences are made
ex-officio members. v
Not only in these lines but in the whole vast field
of biology, of mechanics,- of dynamics, modern life
and its needs call for a training that shall be the
superstructure built on what foundation the univer
sities supply.
Not even in the formal reports of these departments
does one get an adequate conception of what this
work is. Scientific agriculture requires certain
highly specialized work. The subject of vegetable
physiology alone, which concerns the best results
from existing • cultivation and the. addition of
useful crops, to diversify the cultivation of the
future, requires the work of many more ex
perts than are now available in the United
States. Concurrent , is vegetable pathology,
which has in it the control of v knowledge of
plant disease, a subject of the vastest importance to
agriculture and horticulture. Tracing the diseases
that waste plant life and cause failure of profit to the
planter is so requisite that it is not second in impor
tance to the medical profession which combats disease
in man. Entomology has progressed further 'than
either of the foregoing specialties. It deals with
animate, they. with inanimate, life.
THE Smithsonian Institution at Washington, was
founded' by an Englishman and RUt under na
tional, control." It was intended to be an -im
pulse to material development,: to spread among the
people a knowledge of the potential wealth of their
country and to bring to its development the work of
experts. Its foundation preceded the creation of the
scientific bureaus of the Cabinet departments, and
much of its field is now covered t>y them. But these
bureaus are handicapped by the need of trained men.
Neither in the Smithsonian nor in the universities of
the country do the existing facilities furnish enough
high experts to carry on the scientific work required
of the bureaus in the Interior and Agricultural de
partments.
CARNEGIE INSTITUTION.
Ex-Secretary Gage denies ."that he intends to re
tire from business activities to "private 'life. "-In a re
cent interview he said: "Men who have been busy
all their lives don't know what to do with "themselves
when the regular demands' qf business life are with
drawn. An old friend of. mine who tried retiring told
me he had never found anything so difficult. I shall »
keep in the traces."- All of that sounds well, but it is*
none the less a vanity. ' Every man should learn how
to do something besides work./ If Gage can do no
better he would find it profitable" to imitate Cleve
land and go duck-shooting occasionally.
THURSDAY . .FEBRUARY 6, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addren AH Conmunleitiom to W. S. LEASE, Manager. . -
MANAGER'S OFFICE ..Telephone Pre«» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Cnrrlers.^15 Cents Per WeeU.
Stnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Ternm l>r Mall. In.oladlnc Postagret
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $1.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months.. 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •' 05o
BT7NDAY CALL. One Year , 1.B0
WEEKLY CALL. One Year . 1.00
All postmasters tire; authorised to receive
subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded 'when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a proTnpt and correct compliance 'With their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Hunger Foreign Advertising, Msrgnette Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") .
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herman Rouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOJf <TD. C.) OFFICE 14OO G St.. X. W.
3IORTOX E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open intll 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until »
o'clock. N~W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
ontll 8 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
Considered honestly and fairly from any point of
view racetrack gambling is abominable and de
testable. It is a poor plea at best to argue for money
against morals; to say that it matters not how many
embezzlements take place so long as the cigar trade
is good, how many forgeries are committed so long
as there is a flush gang to buy beer, how many de
falcations occur so long as the saloons flourish; that
we should look with indifference upon victims of
track gambling brought to ruin and to suicide so
long as the track gamblers are liberal with their
money in the tenderloin. Poor as- it is, however,
even thafr base plea cannot be made effectively.- The
track gambler is a kind of horse leech . that sucks
money out of a community 'as well as blood. If there
were no question of morals at stake, the gambling
scheme should be defeated in the interests of honest
industry and legitimate trade.
Then there is the other recent case of a soldier re
turning from the Philippines, who was induced to
gamble away at the racetrack the money he had
saved during his service, and who as a last resort at
tempted to make his way home in a dry goods box
in a freightcar. That is an example of what track
gambling leads to when the unwary try to beat, the
game.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that track
gamblers draw around them men who are a corrupt
ing force to the community. The scandal arising
from the brief career of "Plunger" Lewis is a case in
point and of current interest. Lewis undertook to
make bets to a large amount by giving a check upon
a bank in which he had no money. His defense was
that a job had been put up to defraud him,. and he
was playing to get even. That is the kind of men
track gambling brings to town.
It is a poor business, then, for any community to
support a racetrack even if the issue be considered
from the single standpoint of pecuniary profit.
That of course was but one item of the revenues
ot the association. They received money from every
one who entered the racetrack grounds. They ex
acted tribute from the boys who placed the bets of
gambling women in the grand stand. In short, they
were not in San Francisco for health, nor for the
purpose of promoting our industries. They were
here to obtain every dollar they could induce the
people to gamble away, and they were indifferent
whether it were procured by their victims through
honest means or through theft, embezzlement, for
gery and betrayal of trust. That is the way racetrack
gambling affects trade.
When the first fight was being made against Ingle
side racetrack gambling The Call had occasion to
compile statistics showing the extent of the financial
drain which -track gambling puts upon the city. The
management of the racetrack put forth a statement
in 1899 .showing that in four years Ingleside race
track had paid out $1,736,176. The claim was- that
they had put that amount of money into circulation,
while as a matter of fact it was first taken from the
city along with many another dollar. In the previous
year a dividend of 100 per cent had been paid to the
stockholders. The Call then showed that under that
management the bookmen paid to the association for
license to ply their trade at the track $20 for every
race. There were on an average six races a day, and
the season lasted 100 days. As there were an aver
age of eighteen bookmakers operating daily under
that system, a simple calculation shows that during
the four years of its management of the Ingleside
track that association had received from bookmakers
alone upward of $864,000, all of which was taken from
the legitimate. business of the city.
That credit cannot be permitted them. The course
they advocate would injure San Francisco materially
as well as morally. The track gamblers who \yould
flock to San Francisco upon the reopening of Ingle
side racetrack would not come to bring money, but
to take it away. They would come for the purpose
of enticing men and boys and even women to squan
der at the racetrack the money that should be used
thriftily in legitimate channels of trade. The gam
blers would draw into their own pockets many thou
sands of dollars that.of right should go to the grocery
men, clothiers, home builders, 'furniture makers,
book dealers and savings banks.. Money earned by
honest industry that ought to remain for the use of
such industry would be taken by the gamblers and
either used for the promotion of profligacy here or
carried East for profligacy there.
W.HEN those who are advocating the adop
tion of an ordinance permitting racetrack
gambling at Ingleside advance the argu
ment that such a course would lead to an improve
ment of business in the city and put money into the
channels of trade they doubtless believe,, they are
scoring a good points against the advocates of moral
ity. They pose as practical men in opposition to sen
timentalists, and demand the 'credit due to those who
have the material welfare of- the community at heart.
* BUSINESS AND MORALS.
to be one of the best measures ever, devised,
taking care of Congressional pets, and the taxpayers
who protest against it will have to admit at least that
Congress has a kindly heart.
many interesting peculiarities. Civil* Service 'Com
missioners Foulke and Proctor state that under its
provisions not only will all present employes of the
bureau be placed in the classified , service,*, but every
census clerk who has been employed and dropped
within the last year will be entitled to reinstatement,
and furthermore, as Mr. Foulke puts it, "a man who
had been employed in punching .cards in the Census
Bureau could be transferred to one of the depart
ments as a translator of Spanish."
Taking all things into consideration the bill seems
start._ Then the scheme was devised to establish: a
permanent Census Bureau, but to • provide that the
present employes should all be retained as a part
of it. The scheme, will -mean the transfer of. upward
of 2700' clerks to the classified service and give them
a permanent job under the Government; or, as it
has been- stated by an opponent of the scheme, "it
means that 2700 appointments shall be taken out of
the reach of citizens content to submit themselves to
competition and given to those who entered the ser
vice through the preferences of Congressmen."^
The bill, in, fact, seems to be marked by a good
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
STRONG ROMANTIC DRAMAS WIN
SUCCESS AT TWO PLAYHOUSES
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpheum — Benefit of the Charity Fund of the Theatrical
Mechanical Association this afternoon.
Orpheuni — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Jim the Penman."
California — "The Pride of Jennico."
Tlvoli— "The Ameer."
Central — "Master and Man."
Alcazar — "The Danites."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival, Febru-
ary fe.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recital February 12.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SAT.ES.
By W. H. Hord— This day, at 11 o'clock, Driving and Work
Horses, at 712 Broadway.
By Hagopian & Co. — Friday. February T, at 10:30 o'clock.
Oriental Rugs, at 230 Post street. .
By W. G. Layng — Monday, February 10. at 10:30 o'clock.
Horses, at 721 Howard street. .
gapnagnaBBHBBEniiannaiingBBBgaBBBBiiaaaBBBa»»BBi:
| I St Valentine and the Maiden 5
: • ,— • |
I ° What to Do When Held Up "" [
B tWT Ck T^ f\f\^T\^k n ¦ ll
a Uy » i \J\Jt\Jci\X j»
a Ey Chief of Police Wittman and Captain Seymour S
I .^ _ : _i s
I « : : : ± 5
| A Day at the Public Library I
D The Funny Thing? People Do and Ask For There 1
¦ a* ¦'¦¦•- •-"¦- aa
g " » I
B j
I Judge Coffey's Wards in Chancery 1
g San Francisro Orphans ]Who Are Heirs to Over 1
¦ $200,000,000. Read This Story in Sunday's Call! S
| Mme. Nordica, the Woman I
9 By BERTHA SMITH 1
S • — — — — m a
3 • -— — — — S
¦; FICTION, FASHIONS, BOOKS 3
- HUMAN INTEREST STORES *
II - — ' • I
\ READ THE WOLFVILLE STORffis" # S
S By ALFRED HENRY LEWIS. i «
a «; — : — ; ; — j. — — . — _. m ¦
¦HBBiaBaBaaiaBi M i a HM«fliii B Miia,,^ a , aiia ,, BaBa JgTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 5, 1902.
The time ball was not dropped to-day on
account of a failure in the mechanism.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
Time Ball.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given >by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
BRITISH SHIP WHICH AR
RIVED TUESDAY AND SAIL
ED TO ANCHORAGE.
The Secretary of the Treasury quotes a
recently enacted law prohibiting the im
portation into the United States of the
mongoose, the flying fox and several
other species of animals destructive to
agricultural interests. The mongoose,
while a very good snake killer, is a pest
in the poultry yard, and the exclusion act
was passed at the -".demand ofrapoultry
raisers all over the United States.
Dr. J. D. Hallwood's mongoose will not
be given an opportunity to feast on Amer
ican broilers, for the Secretary of the
Treasury instructed Customs Collector
Stratton yesterday to have the animal
sent back to the land of the Tagallos at
Dr. Hallwood's expense. Should the doc
tor decline to advance the expense the
Collector is to cause the death of the pet.
Too Well to Be a Desirable
Immigrant.
Little Snake Killer Likes Chicken
HAILWOOD'S MONGOOSE
IS ORDERED DEPORTED
The Leans were married in this city
in June, 1890, and have one child, a daugh
ter, now 10 years of age.
Al Lean, the well-known athlete, yes
terday filed a suit for divorce against his
wife Lizzie Lean for cruelty. Lean claims
that his wife is guilty of habitual intem
perance, and that while under the influ
ence of drink she abuses him.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Georgina Beck against T. F. Beck for
cruelty, Sarah Waddill against W. N.
"Waddill for failure to provide and
George A. Kitterman against Lorctta
Kitterman for desertion.
.Harriet Hawkes Miller, wife of William
Miller, a master engineer, is suing for di
voce on the ground of cruelty. She alleges
that he has frequently threatened to cut
her throat. The Millers were married in
1SS0 and have three children. Mrs. Miller
asks to be awarded the custody of the
children and to be given $35 per month
alimony.
Her husband, who had come to this city,
finally sent for her and induced her to
again live with him in a home he had
established on Harrison street.
All went well for some time and a life of
happiness . seemed possible for Mrs.
Thirion. Then, she alleges, Mrs. Bou
dreau again appeared on • the scene.
Thirion, alleges his wife, brought the
woman to his home and insisted that she
fhould be recognized as his guest. This
Mrs. Thirion did until her husband's fond
ness for Mrs. Boudreau drove the wife
almost crazy and she sued for divorce.
The Thirions were married in France in
1SS6. ',
Thirion was a prominent man in Vallejo
four years ago. He came to the navy
yard town and engaged in the building
business. A short time after he arrived
there he mixed in politics, and when he
ran for the office of City Trustee he was
elected by a. large majority. With his
prosperity came a desire to become 'one
of the boys." and one morning it became
noised abroad that Thirion had left town
The rumor proved true, for he had
left the scene of his political triumphs,
and according to Mrs. Thirion's com
plaint, taken Mrs. Boudreau with Mm'
This happened in 1S9S, and for some time
afterward Mrs. Thirion remained In
v allejo.
Hermance Thirion, wife of J. J. Thirion
proprietor of the California Cafe at 421
Bush street. Is suing for divorce on statu
tory grounds. She names as co-respondent
Mrs. Hattie Boudreau.'
Sues for Divorce on Statu
tory Grounds — Al Lean
Brings Suit
J. J. Thirkn's Wife Says
Her Husband Is Too
Fond of Beer.
WIFE ACCUSES
MRS. BOUDREAU
TO SAIL.
A considerable amount of rain fell In
Northern California yesterday and some
in the central part of the State. .Th«
weather was cloudy In the south. Light
showers are predicted for the whore Stato
for to-day.
No Rain in Southern California.
The Board of Works has adopted rules
and regulations for its officers and em
ployes. The rules provide that the chief
of the Bureau of Streets may suspend and
employ for cause, such supervision to ba
reported to the secretary, stating the rea
son therefor.
Rules to Govern Employes.
If these resolutions are approved by a
majority of the members of the organ
ization an appropriate memorial will be
sent to the authorities at Washington.
Resolved, That we, the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco, do hereby most respectfully
and earnestly petition the President of the
United States, and the California delegation at
Washington. D. C, to use their utmost effort*
to induce the Congress to enact legislation so
as to grant the unrestricted entrance- Into th«
United States to all merchants and members
of the mercantile class of China, such as sales
men, clerks, buyers, bookkeepers, accountants,
managers, storekeepers, bankers and cashiers.
Whereas, For the proper conserving and pro
moting of this exchange of commodities, we be
lieve it Is of the utmost importance that all
facilities of commerce and the courtesies due to
a friendly nation be extended, particularly to
that class of the Chinese empire which oper
ates, control* and has in itself the means and
power of furthering this trade, which, under
favorable conditions and by the assistance of a
broad Governmental policy is destined to as
sume vast proportions in the future; therefor*
Whereas, The trade of the port of San Fran
cisco with the Chinese empire is of great and
increasing importance, its value for the year
1890, including Hongkong, being $15,680,433.
and for the year 1900, ?2«,«So,4SJ; and
Whereas, There are now pending in the na
tional Congress of the United States at Wash
ington certain bills which we believe may be
construed to so restrict the entrance of the
mercantile class of China into the United States
as to be harmful to our mercantile Interests;
and
The following resolutions were adopted
and sent tq each member of the cham
ber with the request that the recipient
should reply, expressing his approval or
disapproval:
The board of trustees of the Chamber
of Commerce met Tuesday to consider the
various measures In regard to Chinese
exclusion which are now before Congress.
"Chamber of Commerce PJans to Re
quest Admission, of Merchants
and Clerks.
DESIRES TO ENCOURAGE
OUR TRADE WITH CHINA
FROM SEATTLE.
Pilot Miller, who on Tuesday afternoon
brought from sea the British ship
Wavertree, showed himself to be a thor
oughgoing sailorman by sailing his bigr
charge right up to her anchorage and
that in spite of the very light wind that
prevailed. The quarantine grounds were
Pilot Saves Towage.
The Dutch steamship Folmina, upon
which 15 per cent reinsurance has been
paid, was sighted and passed January 21
t»y the Nippon Yusen Kaisha. The Foi
mina is bound from Java to Vancouver
and has been out about sixty days. She
should reach the British Columbia port
to-day.
Folmina Is All Right.
Giacomo Fava and Conchi Pietro, the
steerage passengers who arrived the other
day from Panama on the City of Sydney
and were refused landing by the immigra
tion officials, will have to go. away back
to sunny Italy. They have been adjudged
contract laborers. One came here to take
a position with a Mission florist. The
other was bound for a vegetable farm at
Colma. They were hired in Italy and were
to have received $20 a month for the first
few years and if they then proved expert
at their work their pay was to have been
increased to $25 a month. They will travel
to Panama as guests of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company.
Must Go Away Back to Italy/
A difference of $8 secured for Fred Mil
ler the contract for the new buildings to
be erected for the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company at Broadway wharf. The con
tract was awarded yesterday at the regu
lar meeting of the Harbor Commissioners.
Miller's bid was J73S7. The next highest
was $73»5, made by Hannah Brothers. . The
other bids were A. McElroy, J8594, and
Newsom & McNeill, 57970. The commis
sioners instructed the chief engineer to
carry out a suggestion made by the Simp
son Lumber Company for the protection
in northeasterly storms of vessels berthed
at section A of the seawall. There will
be a row of spring piles driven in clusters
of three, four feet apart; also moorings to
windward with spar buoys attached so
that in the event of a blow vessels may
run lines to the spar buoys and be in a
position to ride out the storm without
harm to themselves or damage to the
wharf. L. E. Aubury, State Mineralogist,
asked the board for some improvements in
the quarters occupied by the mining bu
reau. His request was referred to the
engineer. At the suggestion of Fire Mar
shal Charles Towe oil barges will not be
allowed alongside vesse'ls or wharves ex
cept between the hours of 7 a. m. and b
p. m.
Harbor Commission Meets.
THE French bark Alice reached
port yesterday from Algoa Bay
and was at once placed in quar
antine, where she will remain un
til she has discharged her ballast
and received a thorough fumigation.
Black plague is raging at Algoa Bay and
the local quarantine officials propose to
take no chances of admitting the disease
to this country. The ballast in the hold of
the Alice was obtained in the infected
region. In spite of the fact; that the ves
sel has been away from Algoa Bay 129
days this ballast is still considered too
dangerous a commodity for anywhere but
the antiseptic stronghold of Davy Jones.
It will be thrown overboard to-day. Vic
tor Kealow, a member of the Alice's crew,
died January 16 and was buried at sea.
Organic disease is said to have caused his
death. IJe was 42 years of age and a
native of Madagascar.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at ' Fort Point, entrance to iSan
Francisco Bay. Published by official "au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 6.
Sun rises i.. 7:10
Sun sets 5:."iS
Moon rises 5:2S a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning -tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth tlma column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ¦ occurs. The heights given are in
Sun, Moon and Tide.
and Br ship Robert Duncan, from the dry
dock; Br stmr Glehesk, from Victoria: schr
Eric, from Mollendo; schr Forester, from Santa
Rosalia.
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 5 — Ship Kennebec,
, hence Jan 19.
Sailed Jan 4 — Stmr Santa Ana. for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 5— Stmr Chlco, from Alberni.
Sailed Feb 5— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway; Br bark Caithness-shire, for Queens
town.
COOS BAY — Barbound Jan 6— Stmr Alli
ance.
Arrived Feb 5— Stmr Signal, from San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 5-^-Stmr Bonlta.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 5 — Barge Santa Paula, in tow
of tug Rescue, hence .
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 5 — Stmr South Port
land, hence Feb 2; schr Volant, hence Jan 26.
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 5 — Stmr Homer,
hence Feb 3; stmr Acme, hence Feb 3; stmr
Brunswick, hence Feb 3.
Sailed Feb 5 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
PORTLAND— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Lakme,
for San Francisco. ,
Arrived Feb 5 — Stmr Columbia, from San
Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb 5— Ship
Reuce, from Honolulu; Br bark Glenafton,
from Callao.
Sailed Feb 5 — Ship Reuce, for Vancouver.
Arrived Feb 5 — Schr Wm Renton, hence
Jan IS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 5— Bark Tidal
Wave, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 5— §chr
Oceania. Vance, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 5— Schr
G W Watson, from Honolulu; schr O M Kel
logg, from Hilo; schr Winslow, from Mollendo ;
schr Aloha, from Honolulu.
VENTURA— Passed Feb 5— Barge Santa
Paula, in tow tug Rescue, hence Feb 3, for San
Pedro. "
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Feb 5— Bktn Kli
kitat, from Honolulu. I
Sailed Feb S — Bark Tidal Wave, for Sa.u
Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HILO— In port Jan 21 — Bark Martha Davis,
bark Annie Johnson, bark Amy Turner, bark
Ceylon and bark Santiago.
GUATEMALA — Sailed Feb 4— Ger stmr
Luxor, for San Benito and San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 5— Br bark Kelver
dale, from Manila: Br ship Andromeda, from
Callao; Br stmr Amur, from Alaska.
Feb 5 bark In ballast passed Otter Point,
2:15 d m. Small board like lid of box or
boatswain chair, CON decipherable; also rim
of bluejacket's cap drifted on Beacon Hill at
Victoria.
. . EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Feb 4^ — Ship
Emily Reed, from Sydney, to Joad for Hono
lulu. «
Sailed Feb 4— Ship St Francis, for San
Francisco.
MELBOURNE: — Arrived Feb 4 — Ship Henry
Vlllard, hence Dec 12.
HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 2— Ger stmr Sera
pis, for San Francisco. •
ACAPULCO— Sailed Feb 5— Br stmr Gua
temala, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb 2— Bktn Chas F
Crocker, for Port ' Townsend.
GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 11— Fr bark Jac
ques, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 3 — Br stmr Athenian, from Van
couver. ' /
' DOVER — Passed Feb 4 — Aus stmr Alberta,
hence Nov 14, for England.
fTDNEY — Arrived prior to Feb 4 — Nor ship
ione, from Eureka.
GENOA — Sailed Feb 1 — Ger stmr Amasls,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Feb 2 — Br ship Sierra
E8trella. for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Feb 3 — Ital bark
Emilia Clampa, for Galway; Br ship Tasma
nia, for Southampton.
LEGHORN— Arrived Jan 30— Br stmr Glen
roy, from Tacoma,' for London.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb 5. 7 a m— Br
stmr Empress of China, from Yokohama and
Hongkong, with 15 cabin passengers.
Madame Nordlca was reported last
night to be suffering intense pain, but her
physicians announced that her condition
was no worse. The pain is intermittent.
Madame Nordica's Condition.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, February 5.
' Stmr, Nome City, Daniels, 39 hours from San
Stm'r Mandalay, Batchelder, 4 days from
Bandon, via Crescent City 40 hours.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 5% days from
Port Hadlock.
Ship Marlon Chilcott, . nelson, 15 days from
Fr bark Alice, Durand, 129 days from Algoa
Bay> CLEARED.
"Wednesday, February 6. •
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. ;
SAILED. .", s"
• Wednesday, February 5.
Stmr Umatllla, Cou-rins, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports. - •
Stmr Washtenaw. Parker. Tacoma.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr State oC California, Swanson, San
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, Greenwood.
Strnr Luella, Olsen, Caspar.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Ladysmith.
1 Br ship Afghanistan, Cralgie, Queenstowi.
Schr Onward, Jorsenson, Coqullle River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
' Schr Peerless, Hagerup, -— .
Schr Mary and Ida, Stensland, Lnga.
SPOKEN.
Jan "9, at 38 48 N. Ion 31 28 W — Br ship
Celtic Monarch, hence Sept 26. for Queens-
l tOWn \ p IED AT SEA.'
On board Fr bark Alice, from Algoa Bay.
on Jan 16, Victor Kealow (seaman), a native
of Madagascar, aged 42 years, and was buried
at Sea ' MISCELLANEOUS.
LIVERPOOL, Feb 4 — Br stmr Knight Com
panion, previously reported ashore at Inuboye,
Janan, will probably be a total loss. Feb 5 —
O R & N Co reports vessel is breaking up. §
! MEMORANDUM. '
Per stmr Robert Dollar — Feb 5. 4 d m — :
Saw ehln M P Grace from Newcastle, Aus,
outside bar, bound In.
. .TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS, Feb 1 6, 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind calm.
DOMESTIC i PORTS. „
TACTiMA- Arrived , Feb 5— Br ship Pinmore
. *>- • . •• • - ,
Shipping Intelligence.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo destined for the
principal British Columbian ports, valued at
$9830. The cargo Included the following mer
chandise and produce:.
1.3,625 lbs dried fruit, 3350 lbs beans, 20S ibs
ham, 1444 lbs chocolate, 801 lbs cheese, 20,035
lba oil cake meal, 0735 lbs malt, 171 lbs cof
fee, 531 pkgs fruits and vegetables, 60 cs eggs,
525 gals and 24 cs wine, 49 bdls steel and iron,
2 bales dry goods, 17 pkgs drugs, 3 pkgs wire,
5 cs rubber goods, 17 cs arms and ammunition,
3 cs whisky. 50 tins matches, 51 kegs white
lead, 53 cs canned goods, 24 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 359 pkgs paste, 19 pkgs hardware,
10 cs honey, 20 cs soap. 12 pkgs sewing ma
chines, 32 pkga agricultural implements. ,
The British bark Glenafton is chartered prior
to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for Europe at
34s; option of salmon on Fraser River for Liv
erpool, 37s 6d, or London. 38s 9d. ,
The British ship Langdale loads wheat at
this port for Europe, 28s 9d; if direct port,
28s, chartered prior to arrival.
- The British ship Fulwood will load lumber at
Portland for South Africa.
Shipping Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Policeman Mackey yesterday arrested
David Wells and Charles Lometti for rob
bing a nickel-in-the-slot machine in a
saloon opposite the Pacific Mail dock. The
men broke into the rear of the machine
and secured a pocketful of slugs. They
were charged with burglary.
The American ship Marion Chilcott ar
rived yesterday from Hilo. She brought
three passengers and made the trip In flf
i.teen days.
The United States revenue cutter Mc-
Culloch docked yesterday at the Mission
street wharf, for the purpose of replen
ishing her coal bunkers.
The steamship Nome City arrived yes
terday from San Pedro with sixty-two
cabin passengers.
The four-masted bark Olympia was yes
terday placed on the drydock 'for a thor
ough overhauling.
Charles Long has been made second as
sistant engineer of the steamship China
in place of Assistant Engineer Beveredge.
who leaves the Pacific Mail service to
take a position ashore.
Water Front Notes.
crowded with craft of all sizes and in
through these Miller piloted the limejuicer
with as much ease as if she had been *a
Whitehall boat. When the anchor
dropped Miller accepted one of the cap
tain's cigars. He lighted it. blew from
his mouth a cloud of smoke and re
marked:
"Steam ain't such a much anyhow!"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
Comes From Algoa Bay, Where the Black Plague Is Raging, and From Which
Place She Obtained Her Ballast, Which Will Be Thrown Overboard at
the Quarantine Station— Harbor Commissioners Hold Regular Meeting
BARK ALICE, FROM INFECTED PORT,
GOES TO ISLAND FOR FUMIGATION
7
Time
l, yv
3:31
4:14
H W
0:09
0:36
1:07
0:15
0:47
1:22
Ft I
kw
"•
Ft
L. Wl H W
Ft.
6
2.9
2.8
9:40
10:21
L W
4:55
5:39
6:22
6:09
6:55
7-AQ
5.2
5.3
4:26—0.1 11:36
5:01 —0.1
H W L W
10:68 5.2 5:37
11:41 5.1 6:13
12:19 5.0 6:49
12:33 5.0 6:25
1:28 4.8 7:05
2:28 4.5 7:49
4j6
0.1
0.1
0.7
1.4
1.8
8
9
.0
.1
4.7
,4.8
4.9
5.1
5.2
5.2
2.6
2.3
2.1
1.1
0.8
0.7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. e
Argo... Coquille River Feb 6
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb 6
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 6
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb 6
Spokane San Diego & "Way Ports. Feb 6
Pt. Arena Point Arena * Feb. 6
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Feb 7
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria Feb. 7
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb 7
Doric China & Japan... Feb 7
Progreso Seattle Feb. 7
Santa Monica Humboldt Feb 7
Crescent City Crescent City Feb" 8
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb" ,S
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Feb" S
Phoenix Mendocino City Feb" 8
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Feb! 8
Lakme. Portland 4 Astoria Feb. 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria Feb 0
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul Feb" a
Sequoia Grays Hi irbor Feb' a
State of Cal. . San Diefco & Way Ports Feb 0
Pomona Humboldt ; p p k" a
Empire Coos Bay II!! Feb -10
9 ueen y Puget Sound Ports Feb n
Alameda Honolulu ta ,
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Feb 1^
North Fork.. Humboldt pfS" i^
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma '.'.'" F eb 1-
gSKSSE::: ESffi"!" & Way «^ »&¦ g
g-W. Elder.. Portland &' Astoria. V." F |b 14
>.ipponMaru China & Japan.:.*.. j£b Ts
Umatllla..... Puget 'Sound Ports.':.":: Feb." lfi
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
February 6.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Barb. Grays Harbor 5pm^er o
glval WJllapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pter 2
Pomona.. . . Humboldt . . . . 1 :30 p Pier 9
Nome City.. Seattle 2pmHer •>
Denderab... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 3-1
• February 7.
Argo. Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Ort'd 12 v\ Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier '1
Coos Bay... San Pedro &' Way. 0 am Pier 11
G. Elder.... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 27
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
February 8.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
C Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. & am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt D am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
City Sydney Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
February 9.
Alliance.... Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 1«
Spokane.... San Dtego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Phoenix.... Mendocino City 3 pm Pier 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Lakme Astoria & Portland Pier 2
February 11.
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
S Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
February 12.
State Cal.. San Diego & "Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Sequoia Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
February 15.
Doric China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
oteamer.
For.
I Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. Feb. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Nome City... Valdez & "Way Ports... Feb. 10
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 11
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 15
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Fob. 16
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. e
Argo... Coquille River Feb 6
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb 6
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 6
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb 6
Spokane San Diego & "Way Ports. Feb 6
Pt. Arena Point Arena * Feb. 6
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Feb 7
C. Nelson.... Portland & Astoria Feb. 7
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb 7
Doric China & Japan... Feb 7
Progreso Seattle Feb. 7
Santa Monica Humboldt Feb 7
Crescent City Crescent City Feb" 8
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Feb" ,S
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Feb" S
Phoenix Mendocino City Feb" 8
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Feb! 8
Lakme. Portland 4 Astoria Feb. 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria Feb 0
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul Feb" a
Sequoia Grays Hi irbor Feb' a
State of Cal. . San Diefco & Way Ports Feb 0
Pomona Humboldt ; p p k" a
Empire Coos Bay II!! Feb -10
9 ueen y Puget Sound Ports Feb n
Alameda Honolulu ta ,
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Feb 1^
North Fork.. Humboldt pfS" i^
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma '.'.'" F eb 1-
gSKSSE::: ESffi"!" & Way «^ »&¦ g
g-W. Elder.. Portland &' Astoria. V." F |b 14
>.ipponMaru China & Japan.:.*.. j£b Ts
Umatllla..... Puget 'Sound Ports.':.":: Feb." lfi
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
February 6.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Barb. Grays Harbor 5pm^er o
glval WJllapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pter 2
Pomona.. . . Humboldt . . . . 1 :30 p Pier 9
Nome City.. Seattle 2pmHer •>
Denderab... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 3-1
• February 7.
Argo. Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Ort'd 12 v\ Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier '1
Coos Bay... San Pedro &' Way. 0 am Pier 11
G. Elder.... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 27
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
February 8.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
C Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. & am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt D am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
City Sydney Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
February 9.
Alliance.... Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 1«
Spokane.... San Dtego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Phoenix.... Mendocino City 3 pm Pier 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Lakme Astoria & Portland Pier 2
February 11.
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
S Monica.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
February 12.
State Cal.. San Diego & "Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Sequoia Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
February 15.
Doric China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Time
l, yv
3:31
4:14
H W
0:09
0:36
1:07
0:15
0:47
1:22
Ft I
kw
"•
Ft
L. Wl H W
Ft.
6
2.9
2.8
9:40
10:21
L W
4:55
5:39
6:22
6:09
6:55
7-AQ
5.2
5.3
4:26—0.1 11:36
5:01 —0.1
H W L W
10:68 5.2 5:37
11:41 5.1 6:13
12:19 5.0 6:49
12:33 5.0 6:25
1:28 4.8 7:05
2:28 4.5 7:49
4j6
0.1
0.1
0.7
1.4
1.8
8
9
.0
.1
4.7
,4.8
4.9
5.1
5.2
5.2
2.6
2.3
2.1
1.1
0.8
0.7
oteamer.
For.
I Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. Feb. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Nome City... Valdez & "Way Ports... Feb. 10
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 11
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
E. Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 15
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Fob. 16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PURE VJ
GRAIN COFFEE
Some people can't drink coffee ;
everybody can drink Grain-O. It
looks and tastes like coffee, but it *
is made from pure grains. No
coffee in it.
Grain-O is cheaper than coffee ;
costs about one-quarter as much.
All grocers; 15c. and 25c. i
AMUSEMENTS.
f*£%% flll£l!21JI SAN FRANCISCO'S
vUI*UlWilli£& LEADING THEATRE
Seats for the Entire Engagement Now Ready.
EVERT NIGHT (Except Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A REAL. DRAMATIC TRIUMPH.
And Company, Presenting Lorlmer Stoddard's
Dramatization of F. Marlon Crawford's
Historical Novel,
"In the Palace of the King."
NEXT WEEK — Final Performances.
Curtain Rises Ev'gs at 8:15 Sharp— Mat. 2:15.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ELLA BURT .
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
specialTo-night!
THE AMATEURS
And tie FAT LADIES ON STILTS.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
?§i^^ RACING
*^%, < g" a mi(y li » r i very 'Week Day —
T&r Rain op Shine.
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtf
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 \>. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and' 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars Bo direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
HOFMANN,<
THE GREAT PIANIST. " '.'
T\A/O KXTRM RECITrtLrS.
NIGHT OF WEDNESDAY. Feb. 12. f".
MATINEE SATURDAY. Feb. 15.
At METROPOLITAN HALL.
CDiTC NOW SELLING AT Sherman &
jLftlJ Clay's. J2 to 00 cents. "' - -
¦ * "M T ? KKWETTTS-
ORPHEUfflT-EXTRAI
TO-DAY IS THE BIG DAY!
AT 2 O'CLOCK SHARP!
. ¦
TENTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
: in AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND,
S&b Francisco Lodge, No. 21,
Theatrical
Mechanical
Association
(THE MEN BEHIXD THE SCENES.)
COTCTTXITOTTS PERFORMANCE!
GALA EVENT" OP THE TEAR!
EVERY THEATER REPRESENTED!
PROGRAMME. BEYOND COMPARE!
Address of Welcome by Mayor Schmitz.
Seats now on sale at the Orpheum box oHlce.
a vaudevillJwhirlwindi
"Wincb.ermann'6 Bears; Adelina Boat-
tino; Reichens* Hand-Balancing
Dogs; Victor Jerome, Lottie Fre-
mont and Harry W. Welch and
The Biograph. Last times of Sa-
bel; Jordan and Crouch; the Da
Coma Family, and the GREAT
CYCLE WHIRL.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
JIATIXEES SATURDAY and EUNDAT.
EVERT BVKKUSa THIS WEEK.
Continued Triumphant Success o£
EDWIN ARDEN
In Sir Charles Young's Celebrated Drama,
"Jim the Penman."
One of the Strongest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra S«"ats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week-EDWIX ARDEN in "RAGLAN'S
WAY."
.rHBATRKM>
Belaeco & Thall Managers
ALL THIS WEEK-—
The Danltes
"*A Romance of California." .
The Representative W«stem Drama.
California in the Stirring Days of 1S49.
Beautiful Scenes of the Sierras.
MATINEE .SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES — 15c. 25c. S5c. 50c and 75c.
Next Week — "THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Second Week of the Tremendous Success,
THE
AMEER!
"THE TOWN IS FLOCKING TO SEE HIM."
Next Opera— "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
A*f ARTISTIC TRIUMPH
THIS WEEK ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY
The Event of the Theatrical Year
JAMES K. HACKETT-S Great Romantic" Suc-
cess,
The Pride of Jennico
r Original Scenery and Costumes.
Powerful Cast.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
CHARLES DALTON
"THE SIGffofTBE CROSS."
¦'. . • ' (SEATS READY.Jr
BJELASCO AmoTHALES Jfafftfr
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
The Powerful end Thrilling Melodrama*
Master and Man.
A Remarkable Play With a
Wonderful Romance.
PRICES — Evenings, 10c. 15c. 60c Matinees
10c. 15c, 25c. '
Next Week— "A TOUNO WIFE."
JUVENILE FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL,
A Most Novel Entertainment and Fair, opens '
this coming Saturday Night, at Mechanics' Pa-
vilion. CONTINUES FOR ONE WEEK.
Booths. Exhibits, Juvenile Side Shows, Band
Concerts. Drills, Fancy Dances, Specialties.
Cakewtiks, etc. — all for young and old. The
Kreat allegorical ballet production. "Sunshine
Among the Flowers." First production of the
musical dramatic song, with illustrations, "He
Was a Native Son." TICKETS TRANSFER-
ABLE. Six Coupon Admission Tickets (transfer-
able), for $1, sold at the following leading
stores: The Emporium; Will & Finck Co.; Koh-
« r & , Chase Co -; Grant Drug Co.: C. E. Dasch;
Royal Shoe Store; Mm. E. R. Dunlap; Gates
Drug Co.; Goldstein & Conn; Harrington'* Drug
Store: Radam Co.: E. E. Eisenbrey; C. H. Kei-
fer; Miss Carrie O'Neill, at St. Nicholas Howl;
Prof. Bothtreil Browne. 318 Van Ness ave.:
Brunswick Hotel, Oakland; Miss Marlon Sit-
pravejj. San Rafael; Miss Irene Glemann's Dan-
cing School, ] 158 McAllister street, and at Me-
chanlre Pavilion.
PALACE and .
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district-on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ter*. Street cars to all parts of tha
city— depots, ferries and parka-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I* CELEBRATED UJ
! When your head aches and you
fee! .weak, and nervous, your
stomach is out of order. The Bit-
ters should be taken at once. It
sets the stomach right and cures
Headache, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, and Nervousness
» ¦ • . . • ~~~~
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 M$ 1051 UABZZ? ET. lot. 6:hft7tb. S.F.Cal. d
\* .Sf le L**B«t Anatomical Museum in the \
9 flfi»S£3% World. VVMlcnesies or *ny contracted A
© |K§I Specialist on ihe CoisL Esl 36 years. ©
I '.fljjfifft DR " JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN J
\ f^?w9ll Consultation free and stiictly private. \
\ B Ms£B l, rM ' ment personally or by letter. A A
B W 1 ft PonUvt Curt m " et Y c»»e undertaken. • \
\ '11 IBARBEAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
ill* (J valuable book for mrn ) \
( ' I>K. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market Ht.,S.F. f
Females of All Ages
find these Pills simply invaluable,
as a few doses will restore free and
regular conditions and effectually
remove the causes of much suffer-
ing to the sex. I
Beecham's
Pills.
Bold Ereirvbeie— In boxes 10c nad 25a. ,.¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cocrmSHT no* «y the mecTci « oamili eo. Cincinnati
k GREAT MAN'S IDEA.
f' -JENIUS, as Ruskin defines it, is simply
a superior power of seeing. Have you
I the genius to see how important an
element in the success of your house-keeping
is the use of Ivory Soap? Judged by the work
; it does Ivory is the cheapest soap in America
to-day. It is, harmless. Embroideries, laces
and delicate stuffs should be washed only
with Ivory Soap.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured of Piles,
Saved From Knife.
Mrs. Aaron Medron of Savannah, Ga.. writes:
"Ever since the birth of my first child, six
years ago, I have suffered greatly from piles.
I could not bring myself to bear the thoughts
of a surgical operation. Pyramid Pile Cure en-
tirely cured me." For sale by all druggists.
"Piles, Causes and Cure," mailed free. Pyra-
mid Drug Co., Marshall. Mich.
I A Flash of Light
H In the night — the passing of the swift and luxurious |
I -California Limited
I gleaming with its real electric lights. It races from
H ' San Francisco to Chicago in three daysExchange t and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — " $4 S5Vi
Steeling Exchange, sight....... — 4 88
Sterling Cables — _^ .4 83
NEW • YORK. Feb. 5.— FLOUR-Recelpts
22,400 barrels: exports, 17,700 barrels; quiet
but steadily held In face of wheat break
WHEAT— Receipts, 416.OT0 bushels Spot
easier. . No. 2 red, 87%c f. 6. b. afloat' No •>
red, 89%c elevator; No. 1 Northern buluth
85%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba
S7M.0 f. o. b. afloat. Subjected all day to a?'
most constant bear poundlngr, th* wheat- market
experienced considerable declino. notwlthstand
Ing a light Interior movement. Exporters wpri>
Indifferent again and the Southwet-t a seller
The close was rather weak at V 2 c net declin*
March closed af83%c; May, saHess 15-16?
closed 83%c; July. 83%@S3 13-luc. closed tatic
HOPS — Steady. ""»»••
HIDES — Quiet.
AVOOL— Steady. '- , '-. :-:
• COFFEE — Spot Riq, Bteady. No 7 Invoice
5%c. Mild, quiet. Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
Bteady and unchanged to 5 points lower ' Tota 1
sales, 24,250 bags, .Including: March C 45c :
May, 5.55®5.C0c; July.- 5.75@5.85c; October'
5.95c; December. 6.10@6.20c; January 6 15c '
SUGAR — Raw. - steady. Fair reflnlmr
3 3-16c; centrifugal, 96 test. 3 ll-16c;» molasl
ees sugar, 2 15-16c. Refined was steady • _.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples are .meeting a very mod
erate demand, but. are • steady at former quo
tations. State, common to good, are quoted at
7@8%c; prime, 8%@0>4c choice, 9%@l0c; fan
cy. 10U@llc. ' —
. In California dried fruits also the move-
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that examinations wi'l
be held in San Francisco and other places
for the following positions: March 4.
1902— Seed laboratory assistant. Bureau of
Plant Industry. Department of Agricul
ture, salary $720 per annum; local and as
sistant Inspector of hulls, steamboat in
spection service, $1500 per annum, age
limit 25 to 55 years. March 5, 1902— Steam
engineer, with knowledge of plumbing,
$720 per annum, and engineer and plumber
In the quartermaster's department at
large at Fort Baker. Cal.. $960 per annum.
Persons who desire . to compete should
apply at once either to the United States
Civil Service Commission. Washington, D.
C., or to the secretary of the local board
of examin»rs, Postofflce. for application
forms, which should be properly executed
and filed with the commission prior to tha
hour of closing business on February 24.
Mexican Benevolent Society.
The following named have been Installed
by Mrs. Llbrada Goesch. P. p., as the of
ficers of the Ladles' Mexican Benevolent
Society for the current term:
President, Mrs. Carmen Vlllaldn: vice presi
dent. Mrs. Cornelia Duarte: treasurer. Mrs
Carman Villalon: recording and financial sec
retary. Mrs. Esther Arzave; trustees, Mra.
Concepclon Alonso and Mrs. M". James- out
side sentinel. Mrs. Teresa Gomez; inside sen
tinel. Miss Anita Torre.
The ladles d thl3 society will 'give
cascaron party in Austrian Hall on tha
evening of next Saturday.
¦ ? ¦ .
Wilmerding School • Foundsr's Day
Founder's day will be observed at tho
"Wilmerding School of Industrial Arls,
Sixteenth and Utah streets, to-morrow.
During the morning there will be an offi
cial Inspection of the school by the re
gents of the University of California anJ
an address to the students by E. J. Mc-
Cutchen.i In the afternoon the public will
be admitted to the various classes.
Vacancies in Civil Service Positions.
There was very^falr trading on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, but the few
fluctuations were In the direction of lower
prices. Contra Costa Water was lower at
$75@74, Alaska Packers' at . $1680167 and Gaa
and Electric at $42 50@41 87%. There was a
sale of California Street Railroad at $170. The
oil stocks continued dull.
The only noteworthy change In the afternoon
was an advance In Spring Valley 'Water at
$S7@S8 ')
The Paciflc Lighting regular monthly divi
dend of 35c per share, amounting to $11,530
was payable February 5. *
STOCK - AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 5—2:30 p. m.
!j united states bonds.
Bid. Ask. . Bid Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112}i 4s qr c (new)13» 130%
4s qr reg. ...112 112Vi 3s qr coup..lOSl£lo»
i MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — — Oceanic 5s .. — _ N irv>
Bay CPC 6s. 100 100 Vi Ombus C 6s. 131 _t
Cal-st 5s. ...116% — PacGIm4s. 96 100W
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s.. 105 _ *
Ed .L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R C3..H7 i»n
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s,ll»% _
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95
H.C&S 5%s.^ — — SF & SJV5s. 1231/
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6S.103 —
L Ang R 5s. 120% — S P of Ar tis n
LA Light Cs. — — (1909) ...._ __
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) _
Do gtd 5s. 103% 104% S P of Cal 6s ~~
L A & P 5s. 101 — (1905)Sr A IOSUimi/
Do lem 59.101 103 (1005)lr B 1OOV Vj
Mkt-st C Bs. 125^4 — . ODOfi) ... 11->Z*
Do lem 5s.l21% — " (1912) ...liTiZ~
N R C es...lll% — S P CaJ 1st % ~
Do 5s 122 1— c gnti 5s.l*>0
N Pac-C 5s. 108% — ..^ Do stmpd liov ~*
N Cal R 5s. 112 — S P BrCaiesils"' 4 ~
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — S V Wat 6a ll'iiL ~
Oak Trn 6s. 122 — Do 4s .loo 2 ~
Do 1st cSs.109%111 D« 4s SdmlloiCio^
Oak W g 5s. — — Stkn Gas 6s tP>il
. . WATER STOCKS. ~
Contra Costa 73% — (Port Costa .. «3u PR
Marln Co... 69 — ISpring Val.. 88 SL
GAS AND ELECTRIC. •¦«*«•
Cent L&P. 2% — Pac Llsht 44
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&r'c 2O ~Vi
Mutual — 4% S F & G E 4lV l5«
O G L & H. 51U 52 San Fran * 4 H^
Pac G Imp.. 36% 40 Stktn G & e' s"
INSURANCE. ~~7
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 (
AngiO-Cal •• — SI - L P & * iax i/**v
California ..417 420 ;Mer Ex (Yloi istt
Cal Safe Dp.114% — ,s F Nationl 137U ~
First Natnl..32O 350 • »"oni.u,ft _
SAVINGS BANKS
German .*. J035 2000 . Sav & Lban — 00
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav 305 350
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.-
Opening ...........6 1% 6 2
Closing ".... 6 1% . 6 2U
PARIS. -
Wheat — .- Feb. May- Aug.
Opening ....'..... 21 60 22 65
Closing 21 60 22 60 .
Flour—
Opening 27 10 28 40 .
Closing : -27 15 28 45
NnuYqrk Metal Market. \ j
NEW . YORK, Feb." 5.^ — There ¦'¦ was a de
cline of"%c In the price of copper in. the New
York market to-day and at London there was
a loss of -7s- 6d- for spot and 10s --for -futures.
At New York lake closed at $12 50@13, electro
lytic at $12 50@12 75 and casting at $12 25®
12 60. London closed with spot at £52 17s 6d
and futures at £52 15s.
Tin was unchanged here, but the market
was rather easy at $24 25. London closed 15s
higher, with spot at £110 and futures at £104
10s. ... '
Lead was steady' and unchanged "at New'
York, as well , as at London. Here the price
was $4 10 and at London £11 12s 6d was ¦
quoted.
Spelter was weak here but unchanged at
$4 20. London was unchanged at £17 10s.
The local iron market was flrm but quiet.
The Glasgow iron market closed at 49s 3d and
Middlesboro at 44s 10%d. Flgiron.. warrants
closed at $11012; No. 1 foundry. Northern,
f 10 50@17 50; No.' 2 foundry. Northern. $16@
16 75; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $16@16 60; No.
1 foundry. Southern, soft, $16@16 50.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5. — Cotton closed steady,
with prices net 2 to 6 points higher, r;
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 5. — CATTLE— Receipts, 16,
000, including 500 Texans; opened strong, ruled.
ste-ady; good to prime steers, $6 50@7; poor to*
medium. $4@t>;' stockers and feeders, $2 50@
4 50; cows, $1 25@5 25; heifers, $2 50@5 50;
canners. $1 2.V&"2 25; bulls, $2 50@4 60; calves,
$3@7 50; Texas fed steers, $4@5 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-dax, 35,000; to-morrow
33,000; left over, 2250; active, strong to 5c
higher; mixed and butchers, $5 00<gG 35; good
to choice heavy, $6 30@6 55; rough heavy,
56@0 25; light, $5 75(36 10; bulk of sales,
$5 95@0 35.
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000; sheep and lamb?,
strong to 10c higher; good to choice wethers,
$4 COigs 30; fair to choice mixed, $3 80@4 00;
Western sheep and yearlings, $4 25@5 65; na
tive lambs, $3 50@6 30; Western lambs, $5©
6 30.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 5. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 1500;' market, steady; cowts and heifers.
$1 50@5 40; veals, $3 75@6 50; stockers and
feeders, $2 25SJ4 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 6000; market, steady; light
and light. . mixed, $5 75{f6 ?5; medium and
heavy, $C 20@0 45; pigs, $3 85@5 20
~ SHEEP— Receipts, 100; market, stronger.
London- Wool Sales.
LONDON, Feb. 5.— The wool auction sales
closed to-day with offerings of 12,115 bales.
All sections. Including American, were active
buyers of fine haired greasy, improved 5 per
cent for medium, largely due to the demand
for America, 15 per cent for coarse and 10 per
cent for scoured. Slips were in large supply
•and ruled somewhat irregular. Scoureds rose
5 per cent and Cape of Good Hope and Natal
greasy were readily taken at an advance of 5
per cent. Short heavy stock dragged some
what, while slow- white scoured toward the
end of the sale hardened . and at the clost
showed an advance of. 6 per cent. Tho pros
pects for Merinos are -fairly satisfactory, as
stock* In London and manufacturing districts
reduce the minimum of old stock. During tho
sale 64,000 bales were taken by the home trade
77,000 by the Continent. S000 by America and
15,000 was held over.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. 6.— Clearings, $356,471;
balances. $40,953. < ¦
TACOMA, Feb. 5.— Clearings, $249,480; bal
ances, ?:t8,622.
SEATTLE. Feb. 5.— Clearings, $468,859; bal
ances, $103,895.
SPOKANE. Feb. 5.— Clearings, $233,968; bal
ances, ?22,722. .
Northern Wheat Market. .
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. ' 5.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 64i,4@65e; blue stem, 65%c; valley, G4c.
WASHINGTON. •
_ TACOMA, Feb. 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blue stem, 64ft c; club, 63%c.
. ¦ •¦
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 8.— Consols. 94 9-16; Silver,
25%d; French rentes.' lOlf 20c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard
California, 29s 7 %d; Walla. Walla, ,29s 3d;
English country markets steady
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 5.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3^; wheat In Paris,
steady; flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, steady; weather in England, over
caBt. • — '
COTTON— Uplands, 4 17-32d. . \ -.
HOTEL ABJUVAXS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Bailey, Texas
B Butts, Vallejo
H C Burroughs, Carson
S J Paul, Salt Laker
T Akina. Chicago
J Henyway, Han ford
r C Freelberg, Cal
O L Allen, Monopole
M S Batcon, S Leandro
W B Davis St w. Utah
K Farnsworth, Utah
W W Emory. Utah
J J Klrby. Illinois
J F Rupper, Kansas C
I S Hatch. Cal
H Chrlstensen. Cal
Miss R -Wooly Cal
J H Smith. Glenwood
B Podesta. Stockton
A It Augspurger, Cal
Ada Augspurger. Cal
Mary Augspurger, Cal
Bertha Augspurger.Cal
0 Johnson. Butte
1 J Moores, Reno
W H Cassldy, S Diego
H L Monroe, L Ane
'W J Casey. L Ang
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. Ass'ftant Treasurer of the
TTnlted States at Ban Francisco, reports cash
en hand January 31 as follows:
United States notes $2,581 00
Treasury notes of 1S90 C28 00
National bank notes 1.915 00
Gold certificates 2,740 00
Silx-er certificates 32.799 00
Gold coin 27.956,062 14
Standard silver dollars "... 32.152.470 00
Subsidiary silver coin 403,978 40
Minor coin 15,921 5S
Fractional currency 10 75
Coupons •• 539 (JO
Miscellaneous . 29 93
Total $60,569,665 40
The shipments of silver during' the month
*vere as follows:
Standard silver dollars $59,500
Fractional silver coin 46.45W
Total $105,OS0
The Hay Situation.
The private circular of Somers & Co. says*
tinder date of Tebruary 4 :
••Shipments of Hay have continued light
throughout the past week, the total being very
close to that of the week preceding, 2100 tona.
The situation has been somewhat peculiar for
a week or ten days past, the market having
been extremely sensitive to weather Influences.
On Friday last, owing to no sign of rain, the
market advanced about 30c per ton. On Satur
day figain it seemed to soften a bit with the
anticipation of rain Sunday. The slight pre
cipitation of Saturday night did some good,
but must be followed by more shortly to ln-
Fure a crop. As we write it is cloudy, but ,
the thermometer hardly indicates rain.
'¦Although the market seems purely a
r.-eather market, yet at the present time it
Fliould not be controlled entirely by this idea.
Rain or no rain there is no reason why Hay
Fhould not hold strongly at the present prices
or even higher. Stocks are being rapidly re
duced in the country and many heretofore
hay sections are now buying very largely in
ether districts fcr their own use. With this
unusual and unexpected demand' there may be
tome question as to whether we will have
enough to last ub through the year; such a
condition should surely hold uj) prices for the
belance of the season.
•Although some few cars of fancy wheat hay
have so'.d at high as $14, yet this can hardly
be given as an actual quotation."
The Feeling in Wall Street.
CLEWS STATES IT AS BUOYANT
AND RATHER BULLISH THAN
OTHERWISE.
The JCew York circular of Henry Clews says:
"An Improved change can be observed In
Stock Exchange temper, as there Is a some- :
*-hat more confident feeling prevailing, but
opinion regarding the future of the market con
tinues much divided. Among a large number
of threwd, successful men, there Is a feeling
that the time is ripe for conservatism, that the
wave of prosperity has reached its crest, and
car. make little further progress unless some
degree of recession takes place to permit an
other start. On the ether hand there Is still
a large lecogniticn of the fact that while the
country has been making phenomenal progress.,
breaking i'.ll Conner standards, the business
•ituciK.il is still sound, and that as yet there it
no appearance uf overstrained credit or seri
ous reaction.
"One amazing feature is the slight effect the
Ices cf the corn crop is having upon either
railroad traffic or general business. The re
ceipts of grain at Chicago during four weeks
in January were only 11,000,000 bushels,
against over 22,<JO0,000 bushels the same week
last year, a loss of 50 per cent in this class
of ; traffic, due chiefly to reduction in the corn
movement. It was expected that January
would be the period when this deficiency began
to be felt, but the most enthusiastic optimist
scarcely l;ad the courage to predict that it
wouia make no difference to the grand result
in earnings. Such a loss in traTflc a few
years ago would have put some roads into
bankruptcy; while, now, the roads affected are
actually showing gains over the large returns
of a year ago. -This simply goes to prove the
gTfat activity in general business. The farm
ert r.f the West have enjoyed a series of pros
perous years; high prices for corn and cats-,
together with" a good yield of wheat. ' have
largely compensated them for the shortage In
com: the tow:is and cities of the West are also
etill in the midst of the boom, and the re
tulting immense demands fcr both raw ma
terials and manufactured products keep the
railroads taxed to their full capacity; while
experienced judges on the ground are of opin
ion that the prosperity wave has not yet spent
Its full force in the West, though it may have
Marty done so in the East.
"It is such facts as these that enable the
big holders of ttccks to maintain a firm front
where the average trader and Investor thinks
it prudent to. keep aloof. Certainly the situ
ation Just now renders operations on the short
side <iAtia-hazardous. The market refuses to
go J'.wn because the financial powers with
abundance of eat-y money and good earnings,
behind them have it in their power to severely
punish those v.-ho seriously antagonize them,
inertia is the least acceptable condition to the
jTCfessional element, which if it cannot de
press is equally ready to elevate prices. A
Kimewliat brighter feeling has be«n noticed the
last few rtayi. due to rising bank reserves and
to a loiter situation abroad, resulting from
I eect proFi^ectE in South Africa and a favor
t tile reaction- in the Gterman Industrial sltua
t on. There is also a good investment demand
i n- bonds, which has tempted the bringing out
« f several new important issue*. This fact has
1 ?er. anticipated in these advices and demon
»irates an undTtcne of confidence on the part
« ( bankers financing these deals, who will be
! fceljr to give the market general support until
1 jch orTerings are absorbed. - The excellent
1 hewing of the United States Steel Corporation
mi the advance Jn copper." resulting from
;ir?re demand for the eame. were also stimulat
ing factoris. and the proposed reduction of tax
ation by abolishing the war taxes should have
a favorable effect, because the stoppage of ab
t^rption cf fund3 by the treasury will remove
• •ne of the most serious menaces to the mone
tary Eitu&tlcn. . .
"The immediate outlook of the market- is
<her*fore mere favorable, and it would not be
i -lrprltirig if considerable efforts were made to
:tlrrulate greater activity. Good. opportunities
lr trading are offered in the present situation
1 <-t we continue to advise th- taking of mod
crate profits when such are offered."
Weather Report.
OSOtfa Meridian— Pacific Time.)'
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 5. 1902—5 p. m.
Th»> following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!£te. as compared with those of the same date
latt season, and rainfalls in the last twenty-
J-nir hours:
t Last 24 This Last""
Etctlons — Hours. Season. Season
u " k " 1-44 20.35 31.49
Ited niaff 1.U6 1.-J.52 17 16
Sacramento 0.12 7.41 13>»
: an Francisco ...0.18 7.38 14 24
rrerao O.CO 2.Cfl R.30
3 nd<»r"-n<lenee 0.00 I.S9 6 3-1
.'an Luis Ol)ispo 0.00 6 24 25 23
I-osAneelec O.00 4 21 9 60
L^n Diego ¦...0.00 2.46 5.00
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature",
ti: minimum. 45; mean. 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were re;x>rted from Eastern stations:
¦5 4 0tt ? n 28-12 (Washington 28-0C
Cincinnati 10-02 Omaha 08-04
Philadelphia 24-12 |IJuluth 02-OS
Jww York.. 30-1O Chicago OO-O3
Kansp.it City .12-00 St. Louis.. 12-04!
Jacksonville . 60-30 Salt Lake City! '. !30-22 '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — 1 Market 83 90
Geary — 60 IPresidlo .... 35 43
POWDER. .
Giant 77% 79 IVlgorit ST4 —
. SUGAR.
Hana 2% 4 Kllauea .... 9% 104
Hawaiian ... 38 — lllakawell .. 25ft 28
Honokaa ... — — Onomea .... 24 25
Hutchinson . 14»4 — iPaauhau ... 11 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 167 168 Pac A F A. — 3%
Cal Fruit As 97% 98 Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine As 97 — Par Paint... 16 —
Oceanic S Co 35 40
Morning Session-
Board—
40 Alaska Packers* Association.... 168 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association.... 167 CO
20 California Fruit Cannners ....... 97 50
25 California Street Railroad 170 00
60 California Wine Association 97 00
15 Contra Costa Water *T3 00
10 Contra Costa Water 74 50
65 Contra Costa Water 74 00
10 Contra Costa Water, b 10 74 CO
10 Gtant Powder Con 78 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
20 S F Gas A Electric Co. s 10 '42 00 *
15 S F Gas E Electric Co. s 10 41 87^4
5 Spring Valley Water 87 00
S3000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage). .101 50
$5C0O Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage).. 101 75
Street—
75 California Fruit Canners 97 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 109 0O
15 Contra Costa Water 74 00
100 Spring Valley Water, s 10 87 00
25 Spring Valley Water 88 00
Street—
$30C0 Los • ngeles-Paclflc R R Bonds.. 101 00
$9000 S F & S J V Bonds .....123 00
OIL EXCHANGE. ; .
Morning Session.
Board — •
30 Home 3 73
1500 Lion 07
1000 Petroleum Center 03
200 Sterling 1 f^-i
20 Twenty-eight 1 50
Afternoon Session.
Board^ —
SOO Central Point Con 90
2C0 Home 8 75
100 Home 3 80
600 Independence 08
172 Peerless 6 25
150 Peerless. b90 6 50
2000 Petroleum Center, b 60 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Best & Bel... 26: 100 Potost 13
1000 Caledonia .... 32 1 2C0 Savage 10
500 C C & Va 1 25| IOO Silver Hill... 79
1000 Gould & Cur. 141 8Q0 Silver Hill... 79
i 600 Mexican 301 100 Silver Hill... 77
200 Ophlr- 831 200 Union Con... 20
Afternoon Session*
300 Caledonia ... 33 200 Overman .... 14
1CC0 Caledonia ... 34 400 Potost 1\
100"" Challenge ... 13 300 Silver Hill... 67
300 Chollar 12 300 Sliver Hill... 69
400 C«C & Va 130 100 Standard 3 30
700 Mexican 31 2C0 Union Con... 20
400 Ophlr 84j 200 Utah m 01
The following were the sales in the Paclflo
Stock Board yesterday: ¦
Morning Session.
220O Best & Bel... 27 100 Ophlr S3
60 Best & Bel... 26 200 Potosi « a 13
309 Caledonia ...'33 400 Savage 10
40O Caledonia ... 32 400 Silver Hill... 77
80O Chollar 12 200 Silver HIH... 73
300 C C & Va..l25 400 Silver Hill... 72
300 Gould & Cur. 14 200 Silver Hill... 70
800 Mexican 29 500 Union Con... 20
Afternoon Session.
700 Best & Bel... 23 200 Mexican 32
200 Challenge ... 13 100 Ophir 85
200 C C & Va 130 300 Overman .... 13
500 Gould & Cur. 15 10OO Seg Belcher.. 04
2C0 Hale & Nor.. 28 200 Sierra Nev... 18
500 Mexican ..... 31 800 Union Con... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- WEDNESDAY. Feb. 0 — ft p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Aak.
Alpha — 04 Kentuck 01 02
Alta 05 00 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Andes » 01 02 Mexican 82 33
Belcher .;.... 08 10 Occidental ... 09 10
Best & Bel... 28 29 Ophir ... 83 87
Caledonia ... 33 35 Overman .... 13 13
Caledonia .,.. 12 13 Potosl 14 15
Chollar 12 13 Savage 10 11
Confidence ... 60 63 Scorpion — 04
C C & Va 1 35 1 40 Seg Belcher. . 03 04
Con Imperial.' 01 02 Sierra Nev... 13 IS
Con NY 04 051 Silver Hill... 69 70
Crown Point.. 07 08 St Louis — 10
Eureka Con., IS — < Standard ....3 30 3 40
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... 07
Gould & Cur. 15 16 Union Con... 20 21
Hale & Nor.. 26 -27 Utah 01 03
Julia — 04 Yel Jacket... 07 C8
Justice 14 15
NEW YORK. Feb. 5.— To-day's stock market
was a dull affair, in spite of spasmodic efforts
by pools to awaken a general movement in the
market. By the time they succeeded in moving
prices one point depression would develop in
another, and in consequence the dull movement
was irregular all dayf Striking movements in
closely held high-priced stocks continued a fea
ture. The significance of these movements was
not disclosed, although traders sought .to make
the most of them for their sympathetic effect
on the general list. These apparently sensa
tional movements on a very small volume of
trading are a natural consequence where the
stock of a company is closely held for pur
poses of control or centralized In the hands of 1
a few powerful capitalists for investment, who
are quite uninfluenced by the course . of prices
in the open market. . Among the stocks so mov
ing were the Chicago and Northwesterns, Amer
ican Express. United States Express and Lack
awanna. Nashville, Chattanooga and St.
Louis, which advanced 10% yesterday, reacted
3% to-day. The recent sensational upward
movement in Lackawanna is associated with
the rumors of control of that road in the inter
est of an outlet for the Wabash system. The
Wabash stocks were very firm to-day in the
same connection. Another center of specula
tion was in the local traction stocks under the
influence of published reports from Philadelphia
of information of a securities company to hold
•Metropolitan Street Railway stock and possibly
other local traction stocks. Manhattan was "the
moat active of this group, and Metropolitan
Street Railway, after an upward spurt ( l«
declined 00 profit-taking, falling 1% below last
night during the day and pulling the other
local tractions with iti The speculation In
Amalgamated Copper was very feverish, the
price running off 1% during the morning on the
further break in London copper markets and
the slump in Rio Tintos. The steadying
of the London copper market and re
ports of a panic among the bears In Rio
Tintos rallied Amalgamated Copper to 1% over
las<. night, and it was an effective factor in the
late rally In the New York stock market. The
speculative pool operating in Southern Pacific
took that stock vigorously in hand and pushed
it up 1% on very large bidding. The general
market rallied in sympathy. St. Paul rose 2
points over last night and a number of other
transcontinentals about a point. Steel also de
veloped some strength at the close. Minneapolis
St. Paul and Sault Ste. • Marie preferred added
4% more pints to Its upward course. ,The re
cent buying of Sugar continued; but its net
gain was only a fraction. There was no general
Influence effective in the market at any time
beyond the disposition to dullness caused by th«
export movement of gold and the unsettled
question of the Northern Securities Company
The bond market was only moderately active
vafue W %V7 n 4 C o"S». tO "* flrm - ToUU "»»«>. P«
United States refunding 2s advanced % per
cent on the last call. " F
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— . . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchieon 6,800 77% 76% 77
Atchlson pfd 2,700- 97% 37 971;
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3.000 103% 102U 1031*
Bait & Ohio pfd... 300 96 96 96
Canadian Pacific... 3,200 115 114% 114«
Canada Southern .. 1,100 87% 87 S7Vt
Chesapeake & Ohio . 400 46 45% 45Ti
Chi & Alton 1,000 34% 33&? a4W
Chi & Alton pfd... * 7«i?
Chi Ind & Louis... 400 62% 62" 62ii
Chi Ind & Louis pf 100 76 76 7Sit
Chi & Eastern 111.. 200 142 142 142
Chi & Gt Western. 200 23% 23 !HT£
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 100 84H S4U 84£
Chi&GtWBpfd. 100 45% %\v. 45*J
Chi & Northwest.. 2.900 218% 215% 217 it
Chi Rk Island & P 1,100 163- 1CH, I&'V
Chi Term & Trans. 400 17 17 )7
Chi Term & Tr pfd • 1.100 32 31 3114
C C C & St Louis. 4,800 101% 89 ioo£
Colorado Southern. 14.600 15% 15% 15%
Colo South 1st pfd. 2.800 C6% 65*! 60
Colo Smith 2d pfd. 6.700 32% 31% 32V
Delaware & Hud.. 600 174% 174^ 173TJ
Del Lack & West.. 000 • 234% 201 291
Den & R Grande.. 400 42% 42W 42«
nen & R G pfd... IOO 01Y t »lS »f2
Erie 2,600 39^ 38% 39U
Erie 1st pfd 1,000 00% fig* mil
Erie 2d pfd 300. 56 55% T*
Gt Northern pfd.. 300 1S9 188 IRTtt
Hocking Valley ... 800 69% C9 <JU
Hocking Val pfd.. 1,000 84% 8:fA 84
Illinois Central ... 1.3O0 137% 137U rtri;
Iowa Central ..... 500 40;4 40U 40V.
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 74>4 74V. 71
Lake Erie & West. 200 . 67 67 wu
Lake Erie & W pf. 300 133 132 13^
Louisville & Nash. C.OOO 104% 104U lOiti
Manhattan Elevat. 4S.200 i.*!7 1364? J-iSu
Met Street Ry 36,500 174 171 * J7V*
Mexican Central...' 1.5OO 28»i 28li
Mexican National.. 1.900 I7vj 17 T?S
Minn & St Louis.. 400 107«i 107«4 UiTii
Missouri Pacific .. C.COO 103% 10P 10.1&
Mo Kan & Tex.... 100 24% 24% ¦ olfl
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 400 53 . 52 M.3
New Jersey Central jar, **
New York Central. 2,600 162>i iniii l£>u
Norfolk & Western 200 66 56 66 M
Norf & West pfd.. ¦ 200 03% 02% 02 U
Ontario & Western 2.300 Xi% 33 3 3*3?
Pennsylvania 7,500 149*2 nou noil
Reading 7.700 57 66% 50»?
Reading 1st pfd... 2.300 M\4 «•> fa
Reading 2d pfd... C00 C33i C3W K>is,
Pt L & San Fran.. 1,000 C2% 62U tail
St L & S Flft pfd 200 -S3 8:{™ JgJ?
fit L & S F 2d pfd. 400 75 74% 75 J
St Lqui* Southwest jC
St L Socthwest pfd 500 68% 5814 rru
St Paul 21.500 165% 1(53% ilgaj
Pt Paul pfd 300-188% 188$ 1XP
Southern Pacific... 82.600 64% 62% «4ii
Southern Railway.. 3,500 32% , 32% &^
Southern Ry pfd... 200 94% 94%" iuu.
Texas & Paciflc... 300 38% 38« 38
Tol St L & West.. 2,700 21% 20>Z 20"
Tol St L & W pfd. 10,300 30 U 38 30
Union Paciflc ..... 12.600' 102% 101T4 Kr>«ji
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.300 89% 891? 89H
Wabash 10,300 23»4 22% 23
Wabash pfd 11.200 43% 42% 43%
Wheel & Lake Erie 100 17% 17% - 17 S
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles — • . Receipts. 'Shipments.
Flour, bbls 50,000 "" 24,000
Wheat, bu. 109,000 52.000
Corn, bu '. 69,000 63,000
Oats, bu ...96.000 68,000
Rye, bu 5,000 4,000
Barley, bu 44,000 • 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. lC@26c; dairies,
15@22c. Cheese, steady; 994@ll%c Eggs,
firm; fresh, 20 %c. ¦ *
• Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. ."I spring wheat, 71@75c: No. 2 red,
83%c@S5c; No. 2 white oats, 45%@47%c; No.
3 white, 4 60%c; fair to choice malting barley,
E9@63%c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 70; No. 1 north
western, $1 73; prime timothy seed, $0 55; mess
pork, per bbl, $15 65@16 57%; lard, . per 100
lbs, $0 27%@9 30: short ribs sides (loose), $8 25
@8 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed). $S-62%@8 75; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 31; clover, contract
grade. ,?9 40. . , , >. . ¦'••-.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast of California from San Francisco south
to Point Conception". Conditions are favorable
fcr shoVery weather on the Pacific Coast gen
erally. Light rains have fallen from San Fran
cisco northward.
The temperatures In Califronla are nearly
normal except in Southern California, where
they are about 5 degrees below the -normal.. I
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 6, 1902:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, with
showers; light southerly winds. ;
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday, pos
sibly light showers; warmer; light - southwest
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Thurs
day, with occasional showers; fresh southerly
winds. v •
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, with occasional light showers: light south
erly winds changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Silver as-previously quoted. .
Wheat futures lower. Barley futures unsettled.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings easy. Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds continue dull and nominal. \ ¦
Butter and Eggs in larger receipt and^easy.
Dried Fruits and Raisins unchanged. ¦
Meat market as before quoted.
Lucol Oil marked up.
Potatoes and Onions firm and unchanged.
Southern Vegetables in light supply and higher.
Poultry firm and selling well.
Fine Oranges in good demand.
Moderate trading in local stocks and bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Feb. 5.— Wheat lay almost life
less, to-day — the dullest market it has ex
perienced ' for a long time. ' Routine news was
Indifferent and on ' the whole the pit lacked
any feature to redeem it from lethargy. The
early fluctuations were almost imperceptible,
though under the influence of corn. May at
one time got %c under yesterday's close. There
was almost no speculation Cables were slight
ly lower, but improved with the day. There
was some selling; orders and the local crowd
sold at every opportunity though not to any
great extent. The usual statistics were slight
ly bullish, but helped little May opened %@
%c lower at'78©77%c and sold up -to 78VgC
On the corn break May slowly declined to 77%c,
but reacted on covering. ' the small reaction In
corn and the improving cables. May closed
a trifle weaker.. %@%c lower, at 77%c.\
Corn, while not so dull as wheat, was a
weak and quiet market. Sentiment was gen
erally bearish, regardless of bullish news from
the country. May corn closed ¦ barely weak,
%©%c lower, at 63%c.'
. Oats were profoundly dull and featureless.
May closed %@%c lower at 44c.
After a fairly ¦ strong and higher opening
provisions sold off with the grain slump. May
pork closed Cc lower; lard a shade lower and
ribs unchanged: , • . .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
W & L E 2d pfd.. 100 2S% 2S% 28 Vi
Wisconsin Cent.. ..' 2.800 21 . l'J-Ti 20&
Wis Cent pfd . 500 40»i 30% 40Vi
Express Companies —
Adams , 205
American 7... 800 226 224 224
United States 2,600 116V& 112% 116
Wells Fargo 193
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 9,900 75% ' 72% 74%
Am Car & Foundry 800 29% .28% 28 54
;Am Car & F pfd.. 1,900 87 86 87
Am Linseed Oil... 400 4 23Vi 22% 22Vi
Am Linseed Oil pfd 47&
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2,000 47% 47 47
Am Smelt & R pfd. 500 97% 0"}4 97%
Anaconda Mln Co. 2.700 34Vi 34*A 34
Brooklyn R Trans. 12,900 66% 05% ti5%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 700 87 S0T6 97 U
Consolidated Gas.. 2,100 218 216ife 217%
Con Tobacco pfd .... 117
General Electric... 200 281 M 281 28O'/i
Glucose Sugar..... 200 49 • 48% 48Vs
Hocking Coal 500 1- 16 15% 15^
Internarnl Paper... 700 19% 19 10%
Internl Paoer pfd.. 300 75- 74% 74%
Internatnl Power 87
Laclede Gaa 90
National Biscuit... COO 44% 44% 44%
National Lead .... 100 18 ' 18 17%
National Salt .... SO
National Salt pfd 64
North American... 800 94 92% 93
Pacific Coast 300 74% 74 73
Pacific Mail 100 45% 45% 45%
People's Gas 1,800 100% 100 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 41 40% 41%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 84 84 83%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 219 219 217
Republic Steer .... 1,100 16% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 400 69% 69% 69U
Sugar .'... 23,800 128% 127 127%
Tenn Coal i Iron.. 1,100 04 63% 635s
Union Bag & P Co. 100 13- 13 13
Union B&P Co pfd. 400 74 74 74
U S Leather 2,000 11% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd.. - 300 81 80% 80%
U S Rubber '1,000 14 14 14%
U S Rubber pfd... J 100 61 . 61 61
U S Steel 16,500 43% 43 43<$
U S Steel pfd 7,100 93% 93 93%
Western Union. ... 1,300, 91 90% 90%
Am Locomotive.... 3,000' 32% 31% 32%
Am Locomot pfd.. 700 92% 92 92%
Total sales 588,100 shares.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.,108% L & N unl 4s.... 101%
Do coup 108% Mex Cent 4s..... 82%
Do 3s reg .....108'i Do 1st inc .... 32
Do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104 .
Do new 4s reg. 139% M K & T 4s 99%
Do ccup 139% Do 2ds 81%
Do old 4s reg.. 112 N Y Cent lsts ..103%
Do coup 112 Do gen 3 %s ...108
Do 5s reg ...... 10U N J Cent gen 6s.. 136%
Do coup 106 Nor Pac 4s ...'..105%
Atch gen 4s 103% Nor Pac 3s 74%
Do adjt 4s .... 93** Nor & W con 4s.. 103
Balto & O 4s 103% Read G«n 4s 99
Do 3%s 06V, o L & I M c 5s.ll7%
Do ccnv 4s 105V-. i L & S F 4s 97%
Canada So 2ds...llO% rf L S W lsts 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 111 Do 2ds 78V
•? Do 1st inc 79T, S A&AP4s.... 01%
C & O 4%s 108Vi So Pac 4s 05
Chi & A 3%s 84% So Ry 5s 120
C B & Q new 4s. 9tUi Tex & Pac lets.. 120%
C M & St P g 4S.114 T St L & W 4s.. 85
C & N con 7s 138% Union Fac 4s ...105
C R I & P 4s 110% Do conv 4s 106%
C C C & S L g 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts 118%
Chicago Term 4s. 88% . Do 2ds 117%
Colo & So 4s 92% Do Deb B 09%
D & R G 4s...... 102% West Shore 4s...ll2»A
Erie prior Hen 4s. 98% W & L E 4s 93^
Do gen 4s 88% Wis Cent 4s SS%
Ft W & D C lsts.109% Con Tob 4s 66%
Hocking Val 4%s\108%!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .. 35|Llttle Chief ..... II
Alice :.;.... 4.-> Ontario 6 75
Breece C5 Ophlr 79-
Brunswick Con ... 06 Phoenix .......... 0?.
ComEtock Tunnel . . 00 Potosl 10
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Sierra Nevada ... 12
Dead wood Tejra... CO Savage 30
Horn Silver * 1 2o Small Hopes . . . : . 38
Iron Silver 64 Standard 3 40
Lead vlllc Con ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — " United Fruit .... 87
Call loans ....3 @4 Mining —
Time loans ...3%@4% Adventure 22%
Bonds — Allouez 31.4
Atchlson 4s 102 Amalgamated ... 74Vi
Gas lets 82 Baltic 40V-
Mex Cent 4s 82 Bingham 23^
Railroads — Calumet & Heela.t55O
Atchlson 77 Centennial ...... 13%
Do prefd 07% Copper Range . . 60
Boston & Albany.262 Dominion Coal .. 70%
Boston & Maine.. 101 Franklin 15%
Boston L 102 Isle Royale 22%
N YN H & H....210 Mohawk 35%
Fitchburg pfd ..145 Old Dominion ... 23%
Union Pacific ...102% Osceola 85%
Mex Cent 2S Parrott 32V4
Miscellaneous — Quincy 140
Amer Sugar 127% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Do prefd 118 Tamarack 260
Amer Tel & Tel.. 158% Trimountain ..... 74
Dominion I & S. 32 Trinity 13%
Gen Eloc 280 United States .... 17%
Mass Elec 33 Utah 25
Do prefd 92 Victoria 5%
U S Steel 43% Winona 1%
Do prefd 93% Wolverine ; 51'i
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols fop money 94% Louis & Nash 106%
Consols for ac- Mo, Kans & Tex. 25%
count 94 9-lf Mo, K & T pfd... 54
Anaconda 0% N Y Central 165%
Atchison 78% Norfolk & Wstrn. 57%
Atchison pfd 99% Nor & Wstrn pfd. 94
Bait & Ohio 105% Ontario & Wstrn. 34%
Canadian Pacific. 117% So Railway 33%
Ches & Ohio 46% So Ry pfd 97
Chgo G Western. 23 Vi Southern . Pac 04%
Chgo, M & St P. 168 Union Pacific .'. .104Vi
Denver & Rio G. 43",i Union Pa.c pfd., 92
D*& R G pfd 93% U S Steel 44%
Erie ...". .40 US Steel pfd 95%
Erie 1st pfd 71Vi Wabash . 23
Erie 2d pfd 57 Wabnsh nfd 43
Illinois Central... 140 <i Spanish 4s 77%
Bar silver, firmer,- 25%d per ounce.
Money, 2% per cent.
The rate of discount 1 in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
3-inonths' bills is 2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The tone of the stock-market was good to
day, the partially successful pursuit of Gen
eral De "Wet's forces stimulating buying. Th»
American, department was still neglected and
inert. The copper situation is looked on with
disfavor, as are New York gold exports. In
the " afternoon, however. New York bought
Southern Pacific on a revival. of old consolida
tion rumor*. Rio Tintos closed at 45 Vi after
having touched the extreme of 44%. Anaconda
closed at 6 15-16, or % down for the day.
Anglo-American Breweries were firmly
bought in anticipation of the removal of the
war tax on beer in July. Canadian Pacific
Jumped on Berlin buying.
It is understood that the Charter Trust Com
pany has received subscriptions to the amount
of £7,000,000.
New] York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5. — Money on call was
steady at 2V4®2% per cent; prime mercantile
paper. 4®4% per cent; sterling exchange was
steady, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 87% for demand and $4 84%@4 84% . for
sixty days; posted rates. $4 85@4 85% and
$4 88; -commercial bills, $4 84%@4 84%- bar
silver steady, 65%c; Mexican dollars. 43Sic
bonds — Government, strong; State inactive
railroad, strong. . . '
Condition' of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— To-day's statement
of- the Treasury balances in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $174,647,631; gold, $S8,101.645. .
2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1(31 50; Lemcna.
50c® $1 for common and $l@18O for • good to
choice, and $1 73@2 60 for fancy: Grape Fruit.
$1@2; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas. $2 25@
2 75 per bunch for New* Orleans and $1 25<@2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits /Nuts' and Raisins.
FRUITS — Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 3
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 8@8%c; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches. 5@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c: Plums,
pitted. 4@5V,c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines. 5@
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white: Figs, 3c
tor black and 60@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40-s. 6@6%c; 40-50's. 4«i®3Uc; SO"??' 8 . , 4 Vi
@4%c; 60-70'8, 3%@4%c; 70-S0"s. 3V4@3%c;
80-00-s. 2%@3«c: 90-lOCs. 2y a @2?ic per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown. 8o; 2-crown. 6 5 /i
@7%c; Loos? Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanaa. 5%c for unbleached and i®
8%c for bleached Clusters — Imperial. $3; De
hesa" $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers.
*1 25®1 35. , x * „. .
NUTS— Chestnuts. ll@12c: Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell. fl@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50®5. . „-..,..-,
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 10®
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
5@Cc; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Provisions. >
Chicago was dull and slightly lower. This
market was listless and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14%@15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%c;.
California Hams. ll@12c; Mesa /Beef, »3 50®
10 per barrel; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family.
$11 60@12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
$22 50®23; Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef,
l3%@14c pt pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, llttc; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 6-lb tins, lllsc;
3-lb tins, 12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands, sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light,- 9c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9c Tor light;
Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 0%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 14@15c;.Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and
Brands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool. 40i??60c each; medium, 65®
75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75<§2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 £".@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or tiiin skins. 20c.
Goatskins^ — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%<!?5c; grease. '2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall, San Joaquin. e@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%@S 1 / 2 c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do,
fall. 14<315c per lb. «
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further news. In this market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '
BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.' . •
VEAL — Large, 8@9c; small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%@8c
per lb.
LAMB — Yearlings, 9@9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb lie per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%®
6c; under 150 lbs, 5%<35%c; soft Hogs. 5@3%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30. per cent off,
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; "dressed Hogs. 7@8%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: lo
cal make, %c less than Calcutta^; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 00;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50: Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggr.
; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs
and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c: rure, $1 £0; Linseed CHI. In barrels,
boiled, 76c: raw, 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol.
66c for boiled and G4c for raw. In barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 00c.
cases, 95c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale OH. natural white.
40@5Oc per gallon: Fish Oil. barrels, 37%c;
cases, 42%c: Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases.
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb,- in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, lOo
more; half- barrels,- 25c more; boxes. 60c more*
f.O-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its 'equivalent. Dominos
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5.
Flour, qr sks... 892 Shorts, sks 120
Wheat, ctls...., 59,691 Onions, sks no
Barley, ctls 42,194 Tallow, ctls 204
Oats, ctls 740 Sugar, ctls 600
Rye, ctls 570 Pelts, bdls 4 053
Potatoes, ctls.. 2,285 Hides, No '217
Bran, sks 810 Wine, gals 117 150
Middlings, sks.. 500 Brandy, gals... 1000
Beans, sks 487 Lime, bbls 'is->
Straw, tons 5 Quicksll. flsks.. is
Har. tons 481 Leathers, rolls.. 87
"Wool, sks 160
OREGON. ,
Flour, qr sks...- 2.04S[Bran, sks.-T... 757
Chicago+Grdin .Market.
ment is small. -'.- Apricots and prunes- are firm
and peaches are Bteady at unchanged. prices.
PRUNES— 3ft@6%c •
APRICOTS— Royal " 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%
@12%c. ¦ " '-,.,¦•
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18o; impeded, 7Vi
@9%c.. . . . .
! New. York Exchange, sight : — 12 %
\ New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 15
.Silver, per ounce - — .-" ' S5H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 .© . 45 ij
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— All markets, ' both in this country
and Europe, are quoted dull and spiritless, with
but little change In prices.
Chicago was tame, the market being a scalp-
Ing one, with the Northwest selling freely.
The demand was chiefly to fill shorts. Broom
hall cabled that there had been "rains in the
Argentine, but that they were Insufficient. The
flour trade was reported so dull that the Min
neapolis mills would • mostly shut down, and
the few left running; would grind Manitoba
wheat In bond, though the report lacked con
firmation. Toward the close of the session thero
was heavy selling, one house selling a mil
lion bushels.
In this market futures were lower, but spot
prices stood as before.
j Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling. $1 10
@1 12& per ctl. • - •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— -16,000
ctls. |108. \December— 2000. $1 08%; 6000.
%\ 0S%; 4000, $1 08%..
' Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 51 08%. De
cember—2000. %\ 09.
- Regular Morning Session — No sales. . ¦ ¦
. Afternoon Session — May — 10,000 ctls, $1 08%.
BARLEY — The showery weather keeps fu
tures unsettled. Jbut spot prices are firm without
i much fluctuation. The feeling. continues firm,
but the demand is nothing extra.- ¦ ¦'. •
Feed, 92%c for choice bright, 90@91%c ' for
No. 1 and 87i£@88*ic for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 95@97%c; , Chevalier. $1Q>
1 20. per cental. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, 84V4c; 2000, 84%c. . '
Second Session — No sales. \ L
Regular Morning Session — 2000 ctls, 83%c.
• Afternoon Session — May —^6000 ctls, 85%e;
2000, 85%c; 2000, 86%c; 4000, 86c.
• OATS — Dullness still rules and the market
shows no change. Offerings are abundant -for
all current needs. /-.-. &'£H
Grays. $1 22%<3>1 30; whites. $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise. $1 40@l 45; black, . $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed.
CORN — Chicago was tame, with a poor de
mand and considerable selling for account of
Cudahy. Chicago was also a heavy seller at
Kansas City, but' the Southwest was bullish
on the small movement. ' • ' , < ' '_
' The San Francisco market showed no change.
Large yellow,- $1 37%@1 45; small round
do. $1 50: white. $1 30@l-40 per ctl. .'
RYE — Quoted at 85®90c per ctl.
Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
8 75, .usual, terms;- Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon,' $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers. $3@3 35.
- MILLSTUFFS-^-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade:— Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; ¦ Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole : Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrele), ?6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $G 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
$5;. Green Peas, $G 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs..
Bran and Middlings were quoted easy, and
lower quotations are not unlikely, especially
if the weather continues moist. . - •
Hay xules steady with moderate receipts.
The light and scattering rains have thus far not
affected the . market. . The circular of . a well
known local firm appears In the first column,
and sets forth the situation. -:
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 60 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $19@20 pef
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; Jobbing,
$28 50@29: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn Meal,
$3Kg-32; Cracked Corn, - $31 50@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Wheat. $10@13 £0; fancy, $14; Wheat
and. Oat, $10@13 50; Oat, 0@ll 60; Alfalfa $8@
10; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer. $6 50@9; Stock, $6
@8 50 per ton. • •
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. • ¦•
There v is nothing new In any description.
Trade is dull.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White.
$3 10@3 25; Laige White. $2 75(@3; Pea, $3 50®
4; Pink, $1 75@2 10; Red, 52 25@2 50; Black
eye $3 50®3 65; Limas, $4 40@4'<j0; Red Kid
neys. $3 50<g3 75 Der ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 S5@3; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25<g3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canary.
3U@3%<f -for -Eastern; Alfalfa, ¦ from Utah,
8%c; Rape,- iyi@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. •
. DRIED , PEAS— Niles. $1 25@1 65; Green,
fl 20@l 50 per ctl.-. . - „,»
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions remain unchanged, with
stocks held firmly at the quotations. One car
of Sweet Potatoes came in and sold slowly at
lower prices. .-.-..'
Los Angeles "Vegetables were higher as offer-
Ings were limited. Receipts for the day. were
t> sacks and : 7 boxes. Tomatoes and, Peppers
from Florida sold slowly at $4@5 per crate of
six baskets. New Rhubarb was more plentiful
and sold well at unchanged prices. ~ -$
POTATOES— $1@1 30 for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Valley Burbanks, $1 5O@l 75;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; -Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 40@l 50; River Reds, ?1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l «p; small Bur
banks, for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 50 fur
. Merced.
ONIONS — Oregcns. $2 25@2 75, first hands;
Green Onions, 50@65c per box.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 8@10c; Green Peas
from Los Angeles, 7@Sc; String Beans from
Los Angeles. 10@15c, including Wax; Cabbage.
40@50c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes. $1 75
@2 per box and $2 2o@2 50 per crate; Mexican
Tomatoes, $2@3 per box; Dried Peppers, 12%@
15c per lb; Los Angeles do, 15@17%c: Dried
Okra. 12%@15c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 25 per dozen
for large and 50@75c for small; Garlic, 1U@
2^4c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 20@25c; Mex
ican do. 20@25c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles r
20@25c ; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
$1 75@2; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $S@10.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of local Poultry are light and sell
readily at" high prices. One car of Eastern
was placed on the market, making the fourth
this week. Arrivals of Dressed Turkeys were
moderate and cleaned up' well at the quota
tions.
Game sells well at previous prices with the
exception of Hare, which are plentiful and
weaker. Forty-one sacks "came In.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 16® 18c: Live
Turkeys. 13S14c for Gobblers and 14®15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
?2@2 25; Ducks, $5@5 50 for old and $6@7 for,
young; Hens. $4 60(35 50: young Roosters, $5
@6;' old Roosters, $4 50@5r Fryers, $4 50@5;
Broilers, $4@5 for large and $3©4 for small;
Pigeons, ~~ $1 25@1 CO per dozen for old and
$2 50(??3 for Squabs..
GAME) — Hare. $1; Rabbits.. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 ,for Brush; Gray Geese,
$3 CO; White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@
2 50 per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50; English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe. $1 50; Robins. $1 50 per
dozen. k
Butter , Cheese and Eggs.
There was no further fluctuation in any de
scription yesterday. "While supplies, of both
Butter and Eggs continued light' the soft,
moist weather was highly favorable to,In
creased production and dealers were j inclined
to sell, fearing that the expected late winter
decline would catch them with unwieldy lines
to dispose of. « The feeling is general that top
prices have been touched, especially for Eggs,
as receipts of the latter are steadily increas
ing. .
Receipts -were 28,000 pounds. 13 tubs and ¦
kegs of Butter, pounds of Eastern Butter,
1027 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern
Eggs, 8350 pounds of California Cheese,
pounds of Oregon Cheese and — — pounds of
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 27%@28c per lb ' fo.
fancy, 27c for firsts an* 25@26o f or seconds:
dairy, 17%@23c: store Butter, 14@17c per lb.
Packed goods are cleaned up. *• ¦ . '
CHEE6E— New, ll@ll^c; old. 10@10%c;
Young America, 12@13c; Eastern, - 13@15c per
pound. ' • . ,.
EGGS — Ranch, 22%@23c for selected 'large
and 21<5 1 22c for good to choice;' store, 19@20c
per dozen.
* \- -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ — '• ¦ '
Oranges continued to move well, although
the • wet weather . did I much to check the de
mand. Supplies were\light and desirable sizes
of fancy Navels were* firmly held- at previous
prices. Small Navels and Seedlings are plen
tiful and sell slowly at the quotations. Tan
gerines and Japanese Mandarins sell readily
at slightly increased prices. One car of choice
and standard fruit was offered at the auction
yesterday and' the following prices were ob
tained: Choice Navels. $1 30@l 65; Standard
$1 10@l 15; fancy Lemons, $1 80; Standard,
75c. ' •¦' ' - . . ¦
Limes and Lemons move well at sustained
prices. ¦ ¦ ¦ . . • . : ¦
Fancy eating Apples meet with steady fn
quiry at former prices,' but poor stock I con
tinues dull. -r . . . * .;
DECIDUOUS FRUITS. .\M
APPLES— $1 50©2 per.. box for extra, 75c
@$1 25 for good to choice and' 25@60c for or
dinary. ¦ / . ; ' " - ¦ ¦
PEARS— From cold storage,' 75c®$2 50 per
box. ' •> • . .- ,-..<-¦:•.•¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 25
for standards. $1 6002 for choice ' and $2®
2 75 for -fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; - Tange
rines. $1 75<S2; Japanese . Mandarins, $2 25<Q
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
Articles. . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— .
February 75U 75% ¦ 74H 74%
May •: 78 78% 77$ 77V*
July 78% -78% 77% 78%
Corn, No. 2 — :
May. 63% 63% 62% 63%
July : : 63% ¦•- 63$ 62% 63
September C2& 62% 61% 62
Oats. No. 2 —
May... 4 44% . 44% 43% , 44
July 88% 38% 37% .38
September...... 32% 32% 32% ,- 32%
Mess pork, per bbl — • ¦ ' • ,
May 15 95 15 07% 15 77% 15 85
July ....10 02% 16 07% 15 87% 15 92%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ;.. 9 50 9 50 0 42% 9 47%,
Short ribs, per 100 lbs • •
May... ....8 47% 8 50 8 42% 8 47%
July 8 55 8 57% 8 52% 8 57%
f THE COAST RECORD.
g 2 2 O a
'3 Hgs3 sZ g •
STATIONS, ft . i | ! | TI ~|- .
- 1 » '. '. '. **
1 i ; ; i
•3
1
P
0*
«u>ria 29.76 46 SS .VE
Rain
.82
Baker 30.00 32 24 NW Cloudy .13
Carson- 29.88 48 32 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 29. 90- 56' 48 W Cloudy 1.74
Fresno 29.92 60 40 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 46 ; 4 8 Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida. 29. 04 38 26 SE Cloudy T.
Independence 29.88 54 24 SB Ft Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 04 60 40 W Clear .00
Phoenix .....29.90 68 ' 3fl NW Clear .00
Portland 29.84 42 32 W Rain .24
Red Bluff.. ...30. 00 48'46'W Rain .10
Roseburg 29. «i 52 40 SE .Cloudy .86
Sacramento ..29.98 54 40 SE Pt Cldy .12
Salt Lake 29.92 40 16 SE Cloudy T.
San Franclsco.30.02 54 ' 44 SW Cloudy .18
S. L. Oblspo. .29.98 66 44 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.94 66 46 W Clear .00
Seattle .29.S4 46 34 W Rain .11
Spokane 30.04 36 22 E Cloudy .07
Neah Bay 29.72 42 34 E Rain .36
Walla Wa!la..29.06 46 16 N Pt Cldy .00
"Wlnnemucca .29.92 42 30 SW ' Cloudy .09
Yuma 29.86 70 36 S ¦ Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 46 degrees.
f THE COAST RECORD.
g 2 2 O a
'3 Hgs3 sZ g •
STATIONS, ft . i | ! | TI ~|- .
- 1 » '. '. '. **
1 i ; ; i
•3
1
P
0*
«u>ria 29.76 46 SS .VE
Rain
.82
Baker 30.00 32 24 NW Cloudy .13
Carson- 29.88 48 32 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 29. 90- 56' 48 W Cloudy 1.74
Fresno 29.92 60 40 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 46 ; 4 8 Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida. 29. 04 38 26 SE Cloudy T.
Independence 29.88 54 24 SB Ft Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 04 60 40 W Clear .00
Phoenix .....29.90 68 ' 3fl NW Clear .00
Portland 29.84 42 32 W Rain .24
Red Bluff.. ...30. 00 48'46'W Rain .10
Roseburg 29. «i 52 40 SE .Cloudy .86
Sacramento ..29.98 54 40 SE Pt Cldy .12
Salt Lake 29.92 40 16 SE Cloudy T.
San Franclsco.30.02 54 ' 44 SW Cloudy .18
S. L. Oblspo. .29.98 66 44 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.94 66 46 W Clear .00
Seattle .29.S4 46 34 W Rain .11
Spokane 30.04 36 22 E Cloudy .07
Neah Bay 29.72 42 34 E Rain .36
Walla Wa!la..29.06 46 16 N Pt Cldy .00
"Wlnnemucca .29.92 42 30 SW ' Cloudy .09
Yuma 29.86 70 36 S ¦ Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 46 degrees.
Articles. . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— .
February 75U 75% ¦ 74H 74%
May •: 78 78% 77$ 77V*
July 78% -78% 77% 78%
Corn, No. 2 — :
May. 63% 63% 62% 63%
July : : 63% ¦•- 63$ 62% 63
September C2& 62% 61% 62
Oats. No. 2 —
May... 4 44% . 44% 43% , 44
July 88% 38% 37% .38
September...... 32% 32% 32% ,- 32%
Mess pork, per bbl — • ¦ ' • ,
May 15 95 15 07% 15 77% 15 85
July ....10 02% 16 07% 15 87% 15 92%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ;.. 9 50 9 50 0 42% 9 47%,
Short ribs, per 100 lbs • •
May... ....8 47% 8 50 8 42% 8 47%
July 8 55 8 57% 8 52% 8 57%
AUCTION 'SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
. OF OVER ¦
inn Or^t, Carriage linRQCQ
IUU and Livery ItUnOLO
First consignment from D. Miller, Modoo
County, and consists of the finest loolclnz.
soundest and best boned horses ever shipped to
this eity. They are suitable for all purposes.
They welsh from 1150 to 1500 lbs eacn. ages
range from 5 to 8 years. All solid In color,
gentle and broke to drive. Come and see them
and be convinced. They must be sold, no re-
serve. These horses are now on exhibition at
the Exchange.
SALE TAKES PLACE NEXT
MONDAY. . . . FEBRUARY- 10, 1902
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard Street. Near Third, Francisco.
WM. G. LAYXG. Livestock Auctioneer.
£a AUCTIONSALE fe
THURSDAY. FEB. £~19O2. AT 11 A. M.
AT STEIN'S STABLE. 712 BROADWAY,
NEAR STOCKTON ST.
Of 40 head BROKE DRIVING AND "WORK
HORSES, weighing from 1100 to 1600; 8
broken mules, consigned by JONES RANCH,
SONOMA COUNTY: also 8 BUGGIES. 1 SUR-
REY. 1 HACK and a number of single an>l
double work and driving harness In good order.
Stock now at yard.
W. H. HORD Livestock Auctioneer.BURGLAR SENTENCED.— Thomas J.
Moran was sentenced to Folsom for three
years by Judge Dunne yesterday. He was con
victed! of burglary. .» .
SCUROTH COMPANY FORMED.— The
Schroth Company was incorporated for $200,000
yesterday with the following directors: C. jr.,
J K.. Mary Alice. Florence G. and Charles A.
echroth. Martha E. Hebbard, Ellen'and Byron
Mauzy and Lucy A. Young.
OAKLAND. Feb. 5.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Edmund Edmund
son, aged 39, San Francisco, and Ma-y
Anderson, 3S, Oakland ; Walter F. - Furst.
24, San Francisco, and Marie M. Victors
24. Alameda: William H. L. Hynes, a!
Oakland, and Pauline Merle, 19, Alameda;
Hugh J. Monaghan, 27, and Henrietta
Southwell, 23, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
DR. BROWN TO LECTURE.— Dr. . Kttjah P.
Brown, the 'Chicago humorist, familiarly known
as 'The Ram's. 'Horn Man." will lecture be
fore the Young Men's Christian Association .to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock. . Dr. Brown's
subject will-be "In the Spectacle Business.''^- ¦
NEW COMPANY INCORPORATED.—Ar
ticles of incorporation of the United ' Gas Con
struction Company were filed yesterday. The
capital stock Is $1,000,000. and the directors
are J..G. Whitson. P. L. Benjamin. L. M.-
Thompson, A. Harris and Frank Hofaenschled.
The Presbyterian Orphanage and Farm
will hold its annual meeting on Monday
next at 920 Sacramento ! street. Prepara
tions will be made for an Arbor day cele
bration and an early day will be decided
upon for the. planting of trees on the
grounds of the Orphanage and Farm at
Ban Anselmo. ' ~ - --
Presbyterian Orphanage.
W. E. Dodd filed a claim yesterday in
the United States Distrigt Court against
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company to
recover $1500 damages for loss of baggage
in the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro Feb
ruary 22, 1001, and the heirs of A. W.
Dodd filed a claim for $6000 damages for
his death by drowning. and $1250 for the
loss of his baggage.
More. Rio de Janeiro Claims.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— Mrs. Eva ; Ziicker
man - has begun suit against the People's
Express Company for $50,000 damages for
the death. of her husband, Alphonse Zuck
trraan, who was run over on Market
street by -one of. the* defendant's wagons
on March 31. 1900. and killed. ¦:.. ¦..:¦>_
Asks Damages for Husband's Death.
George Stevens, the stableman who is
alleged to have been beaten by a man
named Brogan, is dying at the City and
County Hospital. Stevens was admitted
to the hospital January 13. In addition to
having five ribs broken he sustained : a
fracture of the skull. Detectives Fitzger
ald and Graham have been detailed by
Chief Wittman to arrest Brogan.
Stableman Stevens Is Dying.
F. V. Lynch; proprietor of the Weekly
Herald, swore to .a 'complaint in Judge
Conlan's court Tuesday v charging War
ren King with felony embezzlement. King
was until recently employed as collector
and • solicitor for the publication and
Lynch now alleges that his accounts are
short about $500. -¦_..¦" -,'r
Accused of Felony Embezzlement.
: HONGKONG — Arrived .Tan 22 — Stmr Brae
mer, from Tacoraa -and Victoria.'. B C, via
Yokohama,' Kobe and Shanghai. Feb 2 Stmr
Toza Maru. ¦: f rora Seattle 'and Victoria, B ' C
via Yokohama, Kobe and Shanghai.
:NEW YORK— Sailed 'Feb 5— Stmr St Louis
for Southampton; stmr Oceanic, for Livernoni'
ISLK OF WIGHT— Sailed Feb B—Stmr
Kdln, from New York, for Bremen. ,
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 5— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York/via Boulogne-Sur-Mer
CHERBOURG— SaHed Feb 5— Strna Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosss, from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York. -
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr Ka'
ser Wilhelm der Grosse. from Bremen for
New York, via Cherbourg. . "^men. ror
. Sailed Feb 5r-Stmr Noordland, for Philadel
phia. - -
. HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Serpia for
San Francisco. \ ' . , ' .,
OCEAN STEAMERS
LONDON-Arrived Feb 5-Stmr * Alberta,
from San Francisco, via St Vincent c v
LIVERPOOL— Arrived. Keb 5— Stmr Ulto
nia, from Boston.. •
DOMESTIC PORT.
ASTORIA— Outside Keb 5-^-Ger bark Barm
bek, -from Hambunr. ;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
A conference" of the State League of
Iroquois Clubs will be held at 909 Market
street Washington's birthday, February
22, at 10 a. m. The representation will be
one delegate for each club and one dele
gate for every twenty members. The
past sachems of the various clubs will
also attend. All members to whom cer
tificates have been issued are entitled also
to be present and participate. One of the
purposes of the Iroquois will be its labors
toward the election ot a Board of Equal
ization that will be pledged to assess cor
porate property equal to the assessment
of the real and personal property. .
• The annual banquet of the clubs will
take place in the evening.
Iroquois Clubs' Conference.
• Arrangements— C. Sladovich, M. Stan,
isich, E. Ballch; reception— L. S. Churich,
J. Doklestich, J. Zorich, P. Mostarica, M.
Sosich, V. Lepetich, M. Mlsevich; floor—
E. T. Ballch, V, Millslch. C. Mandich M.
Stanisich, S. Rapovac, C. Sladovich.
Despite the threatening weather last
night a large crowd attended the twenty
second anniversary ball given by the Scr«
vian-Montahegrin Literary , and Benevo •
lent Society at Union' Square Hall. The.
grand march started at 8:30 o'clock with
some two hundred and fifty couples in
line. The following committees had charge
of the affair:
Servian-Montenegrin Society Ball.
.A pretty young girl, who gave the name
of Birdie Brumraett, but whose" real name
Is Lizzie Foster, . appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday oh a charge of Vagrancy.
She came from San Jose three weeks ago
to see the sights and was found wander
ing along Eddy street a few nights ago by
Policeman Cullinane. She had told, the
Judge Tuesday that she had 'a friend,
SylValn Brummett, who was a printer!
Brum'mett .was in court yesterday and
agreed to marry the girl, as he had known
her in Hollister. The JUdge communicated
with Judge Lawlor and after the certifi
cate had been procured the couple went
to Judge Lawlor's chambers and the cere
mony was performed.
Married by Judge Lawlor.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows tendered a re
ception last night to the Past Grands' As
sociation in its hall. There were present
nearly the entire. membership of the lodge
to welcome the members of the associ
ation and other visitors. There was a
welcoming address by Noble Grand Sarah
A. Draffln and a response by F. L. Turpln,
the president of the visiting association,
after which a programme was rendered,
including a piano recital by Fannie Igo,
vocal solo by Mr. Reid, specialties by H.
\V. Osthoff and the singing of "Annie
Laurie" by Robert Burns. ¦ Then . there
were addresses by. Past Grands Gibson,
Macbeth, Gibbons, Stiles, Smlthson and
Slckels and Past President Week of the
Veterans' Association. • • .
The exercises were followed by a colla
tion and dancing. :
Past Grands Visit Rebekahs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 5. '
Miss (Levinia -Wheeler of ¦ 1653 Grove
street was 101 years old yesterday. She
celebrated: the event, of her birthday at
the home of her. sister, Mrs. B. A. Crab
tree,, whose guest she has been for many
years in this city. She held a levee during
the afternoon,, ¦when many of her friends
went to call upon her; to offer their con
gratulations and gifts. One of the gifts
was a fruit cake, of which Miss /Wheeler
.partook, as did the rest of the strong and
healthy people about her. . - • . •¦ .
Miss "Wheeler was. born in New York
on February 4,- 1801. When John Adams
was President of the United States. She
lived in the East until she was a middle^
aged woman and then came to Oakland,
where she. has made her home for a long
time. For one of her great age she is
remarkably well preserved and she seems
not to have lost any of her five senses,
Sho" is a sister- of the late--Rev. O. C
Wheeler, a Baptist clergyman, "Who. waa
an* intimate friend of the late Leland
Stanford.
March, "Liberty Prevails." band; club
swinging. Fred Lewis; violin solo, William
Healy; "The Village Blacksmith." band;
dancing. Samuel Smoot; cornet solo, A. Putz,
chief musician Third Artillery Band. U. S. A.;
eooi; sontre. Kred J. O'Connell: medley over
ture, band; sonirB. Manhattan Quartet — Harry
Coleman first tenor, Fred Scanlon second tenor,
George Sweeney barytone, Robert E. Davis
basso; march, "The American League," band;
"Bousa Inside Out," a musical sketch, S.
Manaton, U. D. Squire*. E. Schram, R. Tesche,
R. McConkey, A. Bery, L. Sears, H. Kelley,
Frank W. Wulch. Austin Moms.
The League of the Cross Cadets' Band
gave its annual entertainment and dance
at the Mission Opera-house last night.
The hall was well filled and the audience's
appreciation was frequently shown in en
thusiastic applause.
After -the close of *the musical pro
gramme dancing was enjoyed until a late
hour. The programme was as follows:
Annual Entertainment and Dance in
the Mission Opera-House Is
Largely Attended.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
BAND GIVES A CONCERT'
Conklin. was the only witness examined
yesterday. He said he had cared for the
deceased for 1 a 1 long: time, collected hla
rents for him and prevented him from
spending his substance in riotous living.
The trial of the contest of the will of
the late Thomas W-. Mahoney *Vas com
menced in Department 9 of the Superior
Court yesterday. Mahoney, who died in
January, 1901, owned improved property
at the corner of Sixth and Brannan
streets worth $25,000. He left it all to
Frank Conklin. Mahoney's aunt, Mra.
Margaret O'Brien of New York, opposed
the probate of the will! on the grourfd
that at the time the document was exe
cuted her nephew was unduly influenced
by Conklin. • v
Her Nephew Was Influenced by
Frank Conklin.
Jdrs. Margaret O'Brien Claims That
BEGINS COUNT
AT ONE AGAIN
Jones and Smith had been drinking
somewhat freely, according to Smith, and
the horse the latter was driving ran away,
throwing the men out. Smith wandered
into the Casino about 3 o'clock in : the
morning with a bad cut on his forehead
and Jones was picked up in" an uncon
scious condition at 8 o'clock. Besides the
out across his forehead, Smith's clothes
were covered with mud when he arrived
at Lenhard's Casino. The horse and buggy
were found by the police early the same
morning.
William Jones, a colored musician, late
ly employed by Frederick Smith, pro
prietor of the Globe. saloon. 30- Turk-street,
died at St. Mary's Hospital yestertlay
afternoon from injuries received, while
driving in Golden Gate Park at midnight
on January 15. . •
Dies of His Injuries.
Queer Verdict of a Jury.
Coroners' juries sometimes turn in queer !
verdicts, and one of these was rendered
yesterday in the inquest on the body
of Thomas Normile, the hodcarrier
who was shot and killed on. Bemal
Heights January 23 by Gustave Allstead.
The jury found that Normlle came to his
death from a gunshot wound of the brain,
"justifiable homicide." The verdict failSs
to state who it was that inflicted the
wound or -who it was that was justified.
In the will admitted to probate the de
ceased left her estate, which consists of
personal property in this State and realty
in Pennsylvania, to Mrs. Hinman, be
cause of "the care and attention be
stowed on her by her niece" during her
lifetime. She had been separated from
her husband (or eighteen years at tha
time of her death and left him nothing.
Leopold Kaufman, a brother of the late
Mrs. Augusta Hirsch, who died in this
city September 5. 1901, filed *a petition for
the revocation of the probate of the pur
ported will of his sister yesterday. The
will was admitted to ¦ probate last Sep
tember'and letters of administration were'
issued to Mrs. Fannie Hinman, her niece,
who was named as sole legatee In the
document. Mrs. Hirsch is survived by a
husband and several sisters and br6th
ers, and Kaufman claims that they were
not remembered by the deceased because
ehe was unduly influenced by Mrs. Hin
man. He also- claims that Mrs.. Hirsch
was of unsound mind when the purported
will was made. - v t .
Unduly Influenced by Her
Niece.
Claims His Sister, Mrs. Hirsch, Was
KAUFMAN PETITIONS FOR
REVOCATION OF PROBATE
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— Seldom has
Oakland society displayed such
keen interest in any public, af
fair as is being manifested in
jthe Ebell Society vaudeville en
tertainment, which is to take place to
morrow evening at the Macdonough The
ater. A rumor . went abroad yesterday
that there were no seats left, but inquiry
at the box office elicited the information
that there is stilj plenty of room for
those desirous of witnessing the excellent
programme which has been arranged for
to-morrow night. Seats can be had only
on application at the theater.
Mrs. E. A. Kluegel, under whose- man
agement the affair Is to be given, has
been indefatigable in her efforts to fur
nish an entertainment that would be* at
Comic opera was given last evening for
the benefit of the Sacred Heart Presenta
tion Convent and the work chose'n was
Gilbert & Sullivan's ever popular musical
satire, "The Pirates of Penzance." A big
audience crowded into Native Sons* Hall
to help the good cause for which the ben
efit was arranged and no one was disap
pointed, for a brighter or better per
formance, both from a musical and acting
point, would be difficult of accomplish
ment. The loud and. enthusiastic applause
after each musical gem had been rendered
was testimony to the merit of the per
formance. The amateur soloists acquitted
themselves admirably, the chorus was
absolutely excellent, and the production
•was in every sense a credit to all con
cerned. The following 1^ the cast:
Richard, a pirate chief. Ed SlcGlntyr Sam
uel, his lieutenant, M. Donegan: Frederic, : a
pirate apprentice, Dr. J. I. Richards; Major
General Stanley of the British army, F. W.
Huber; Edward, a sergeant of police. C. Ken
drick: Mabel. General Stanley's daughter, Mrs.
Ed Burns: Ruth, "a piratical maid of all
work." Mrs. E. H. Kast; Kate, Edith and Isa
bel, CJeneral Stanley's daughters. Miss R. Van
der Itaillen, Miss L. Beretta and Miss A. Flem
ing.
The stage manager was A. F. Schlelcher
and the musical director H. Seekamp.
Benefit of Sacred Heart
Presentation Convent.
Amateurs Splendidly Sing Opera for
KAHONEY'S AUNT OPPOSES
PROBATE OF HIS WILT;
once unique and interesting and she has
been ably seconded by her score of as
sistants. ¦ >
The burlesque, "Love's Trust," by Mrs.
Margaret Cameron Smith, is said to be
the cleverest thing, of the kind that Ehe
has written. The setting is Shake
spearean and iho stilted language of that
period is mixed in a most ridiculous man
ner with modern slang. . The costumes
are very handsome. The playlet will be
presented by Mrs. Howard Elliott Rob
bins, Miss francos Irish, Bernard Miller
and Dr. Krank Ilus.
Angus MacDonald, who made such a
hit with his feats of legerdemain at the
Doctor's Daughters doll, show in San
Francisco, will appear to-morrow even
ing instead of Mr. Ferrer, who has been
called away.
Among those who will have large the
ater parties at the vaudeville perform
ance are Mrs. A. L. White of East Oak
land, Mrs. Charles H. King, Hon. and
Mrs. J. A. Bliss, Mrs. Lou Ghirardelli,
Mrs. Z. T. Gilpin, Mrs. Kate Bulkley and
Mrs. K. A. Kluegel. Among those who
have taken boxes are Mrs. F. M. Smith,
Mrs. Frank Moftit and Mrs. W. T. Barton
and guests.
ADMIRABLE PERFORMANCE
OF "PIRATES OF PENZANCE"
The building is large and commodious
and capable of accommodating six or
more classes. A. number of parents ob
jected to Rending their children to an
orphan asylum adjunct, ¦while others pro
tested for sectarian reasons. These objec
tions will be overcome by placing a sign
on the building reading "Hearst Auxiliary
Public School." ;
The Board of Education yesterday
visited the outside rooms of the Hearst
School, which have been condemned by
the Board of Health. The Health Board
recommended that the rooms be closed for
a period of thirty days on account of the
prevalence of sickness among the pupils.
After inspecting tb.e school, Directors
Denma.ii. Mark and Roncovieri held a
conference with Mayor Schmitz and on
the laiter's advice will rent the building
on ihe block adjoining the Protestant
Orphan Asylum on Haight street, which
was formerly used as a schoolhouse by
the asylum.
ing of Protestant Orphan Asylum.
Board cf Education Will Bent Build-
E.EA"RST SCHOOL AUXILIAEY.
Superintendent of Schools Holds That
Punishment of Pupil Was
Too Severe.
Superintendent of Schools R. H. Web
ster v;lll present his report and findings
in the complaint" of John . Raggio against
M. E. Blanchard, principal of the Han
cock School, to the Board of Education
this morning. ¦ Webster finds that there
is a cprroboratibn of unusual punishment
and a violation of rules. -
The Superintendent says that corporal
• punishment honestly and justly and tem
perately administered ia salutary when
other means of correction prove inef- '
fectual, but in the case in question thJ3
means of correction was carried too far.
•In reply to a question last evening the
Superintendent said that all of the cases
of punishment in "question had been pre
sented to the Board of- Education by citi
zens last September and October, but the
board ignored them.-
WEBSTER WZLL FIND
AGAINST BLANCHABD
SOCIETY LEADER WHO IS MAN
AG4SR OP VAUDEVILLE SHOW
TO BE GIVEN THURSDAY NIGHT.
George Stone, chairman; E. E. Schmitz, J.
C. Sims, W. H. Jordan, I. W. Hellman Jr., P.*
N Lllienthal, A. A; Watkins, F. J. Symme.a,
Wakefleld Baker, J. E. McDougald, Guy La
throp, F. S. Stratton, Raphael Weill, A. D.
Cutler, A.' W.. Foster, Percy T. Morgan, Claus
Spreckels, James H. Budd. John J. Mahoney,
J C. Wilson, Rudolph Herold, - ¦William H.
Crocker; Joseph ¦ S. Spear Jr.,.-M.< C Sloss, M.
R Hlgglns, C. Mason Klnne, A. Sbarboro, Ed
ward Coleman, W. W. Montague. J. Leroy
Nickel. . ¦ '
Auxiliary Committee . Meets in the
Mayor's Office and Subscrip- ..
¦ ;..tions to Fund Will Be Asked! ..
Sttn Franciscans, are to be given an op
portunity to contribute: to the fund for
the proposed McKinley monument to be
erected at Canton. A meeting of the aux
iliary committee recently appointed by
Mayor Schmitz «>.t the request of* Gen
eral Geoi'ge Stone, chairman of the State i
committee, was held in the Mayor's office I
yesterday afternoon and an organization
was effected. A sub-committee will meet
with the State committee to-night !n
room 120S of The Call building to con
sider ways and means to secure subscrip
tions to the amount expected of the peo
ple of this city.
The auxiliary committee organized by
electing Mayor Schmitz president, the
Rev. William " Rader secretary and Lewis
Gerstle treasurer. The subcommittee ap
pointed by the Mayor to meet with the
State committee to-night consists of Rev.
Dr. Rader, the Rev. Jacob meto and
Maxwell McNutt.
When the Mayor called the meeting to
order he explained that he had appointed J
the committee at the request of the
chairman of the State committee, that;
had been chosen to aid in me movement
'started by" the former law partner of the
martyred President, the purpose of which
was to erect a national monument at
Canton from small subscriptions, making
it truly a memorial testifying to the love
of the people for McKinley. It is hoped
to raise $20,000 in California.
At the request of the Mayor, Frank J.
Symmes of the State committee explained
the organization of that committee.
Asa R. Wells suggested that definite in
formation ofvwhat was expected of the
auxiliary committee was desirable, and
upon his suggestion the committee of
three was appointed. • ,
The auxiliary committee named by
Mayor Schmitz is as follows:
Asa R. Wells, Joseph S. Tobin Jr.. Charles
L Ames, Rev. I\ G. Yorke, Rev. J. Nieto. Rev.
William Rader, J. V. Spreckels, John T. Young,
T T . Williams. Hugh Hume. Andrew Furu-
Beth, Wi H. Goff, Thomas Westoby, George A.
Moore Horace Davis, I>e\vis Gerstle, Maurice
Casey, S. Sehwabacher. E. W. Hopkins, .W. H.
L Barnes. W. S. Wood. James R. T. Mershon,
J M Wilkins, William Clack, T. B. Morton;
j" F Fusazl, Robert Wieneke, A. Qoustlaux,
Raphael . Welll, Maxwell McNutt, Mrs. Lovell
White. Miss Teresa Dinkelspiel, Miss Katherine
Hlttell, Mrs. I. Lowenberg, Mrs. George W. ,
HaiBht. , ¦ i !
The State committee is composed as
follows:
GIVE CANTON MONUMENT :
PROMISE OF SUPPORT
That the police department of this city
is always appreciative of any service ren
dered a member was evidenced last even
ing when Chief Wittman, in behalf of
Company D of the Mission district, pre
sented Miss L. Cosgro, a nurse at the
Railroad Hospital, with a watch as a
token of appreciation for the services she
rendered brave Policeman Robinson dur
ing his last hours on earth.
The presentation was made in the par«
lors of the hospital. Chief Wittman was
accompanied by Lieutenants William
Pri<e and Anderson and Police Officers C.
H. Taylor and E. C. Perlval. Chief Witt.
man made a phoTl-spee-ch and Miss Cos»
gro bliiFhingly responded. The Chief also
took occasion to thank Dr. Alderson, the
resident physician, for the kind treatment
accorded the wounded policeman. Dr
in reply said the doors of the
hospital were always open to Injured offi
cers and he took occasion to compliment
the men stationed in the Mission district.
Appreciation of Services Ren
dered a Dying Comrade.
Mission District Policemen Show
HOSPITAL NURSE IS
PRESENTED WITH WATCH
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Feb. 5.— At
Clarksville, Johnson County, a bold and
successful bank robbery occurred about 3
o'clock this morning. Sheriff John H.
Powers was shot and killed by the rob-*
bers. The exact amount secured by the
thieves is not known, but it is supposed
to be between 51000 and 52000.
Sheriff Powers, who roomed in a build
ing adjoining that of the Bank of Clark3
ville k was awakened shortly before 2
o clock by a terrific explosion in the bank,
beizlng a pistol in each hand he rushed
to the bank. The robbers, who numbered
live or six, were evidently prepared for
him, as they opened fife the moment n*
appeared. The officer was wounded at
the first volley, but he stood his ground
and returned the fire, sending naif -a
dozen bullets at the robbers. The wound
ed Sheriff managed to get back to ht«
room, where he died within twenty min
utes. When hastily aroused citizens be
gan arriving at the scene Sheriff Powers*
was dead and the robbers* had vanished.
T he interior of the bank presented a,
wrecked appearance, the men having used
dynamite to break open the door of tho
vault. They had several men standing
guard outside the bank. They were armed
with Winchesters and had apparently ex
pected interference from the Sheriff, as
they must, have known of his presence
near by. A trail of blood leading from the
bank indicates that Powers injured on»
of K n1oro of the r °bbers. It is thought th»
robbers escaped into the mountain fast
nesses of Newton County, where are
neither railroad nor telegraph facilities.
Governor Davis to-night offered a re
ward of J.M0 for the arrest and convic
tion of the bank robbers, and the Arkan
sas bankers' Association offered a reward
UNKNOWN MAN KILLED
AT RAILROAD CROSSINQ
Mission Street, Near Twen
ty-Fourth.
Struck by Southern Pacific Train on
An unknown man was struck and killed
last night by a Southern Pacific train,
at the railroad crossing on -Mission street
near Twenty-fourth. The deceased was
about 60 years of age and weighed about
160 pounds, la five feet six inches in height
and, had on a dark brown suit. In a
pocket of the coat was found a note writ
ten in French and German. Translated
it reads as follows:
You are quite right, my child. They go to
Berlin. You lie. Never to see you again.
Farewell, farewell, - old house. Farewell, go to
The word "staids" appears at the end
of the scrawl and this may be the name
of the man.
Mrs. William Burke, who lives at 2S17
Mission street, directly opposite the cross
ing, states that she was looking out of
her window between 8 and 9 o'clock and
saw the gateman lower the gates and
then raise them again to let a man pass.
The gateman denies this statement by
asserting he did not see the man until
he found him lying dead by the track.
MIIiJTAIlY PBISONERS
ESCAPE FROM STOCKADE
Ten: Men Tunnel Their Way to Free-
dom and Police Capture
Three of Them.
Ten military prisoners confined in a
stockade at the Presidio tunneled their
way to freedom last Tuesday night. Their
escape from custody was as bold as
it was skillful. There were forty prison
ers in the stockade for trivial offenses
committed at the post, smc\ as the place
was overcrowded the soldiers plotted to
get away.- A tunnel was dugr and at the
proper time ten of the prisoners took
French leave. The men disappeared be
fore the sentry on duty discovered tha
tunnel. Another man who was trying to
escape was brought to a standstill by a
shot from a rifle. Colonel Rawles ia
making an Investigation.
Last night Officers Steve Bonner and
Alfred Holmes arrested George Clark andt
two other soldiers, who are believed to
be escapes.
CUSTOM HOUSE PROMOTION.— J. E. Mul
tlen, a customs inspector, has been promoted
to the vacancy caused by the advancement ot
D. J. O'Leary. . ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 3.
Out of the move of Health Officer Kd
ward von Adelung to establish regular
medical inspection of the pupils in the
public schools has developed a three-cor
nered fight, in which the Health Officer,
¦ the Board of Health and the Board of
Udueation are involved.
Dr. von Adelung proposes to go ahead;.
President Hamlin of the Board of Health
says that if his board has the power the
examination will be stopped; the School
Board is divided over the propriety of its
action In giving Dr. von Adelung permis
sion to put his pet project into operation
against the wishes of the Board of
Health, of which he is the executive offi
cer.
Expressions collected from parents of
public school pupils indicate that they
will in no uncertain manner express their
disapproval of any medical examination
of their children without their consent
and by other than their family physi
cians.
The matter of a proposed inspection of
public school pupils with a view toward
detecting cases of contagious diseases was
broached by Dr. von Adelung at a meet
ing of the Board of Health about a month
ago, but was opposed by the members cf
the board and laid on the table. •
The HerAh Officer then proceeded inde
pendently Tit the board to organize a
corps of inspectors and obtained perm's
sion from the School Board to put the
scheme into practice.
Dr. von Adelung defends his position In
the matter as that of a patriotic citizen
laboring for the physical well being of
the school children. He said:
This plan is not launched by me 'in my ca
pacity as Health Officer, or Is it my own
scheme, but a system in successful operation
In many cities elsewhere. I am going ahead
with it as an experiment here and have the
sanction of the School Board. If the system
is not a. success it will be the duty of that
1 body to put a stop to it. When the plan
i demonstrates its worth I. shall expect the
Board of Health to take hold of it and make
it permanent.
Dr. Hamlin said:
I do not know at present just what is the
province of the Board of Health In the prem
ises, but I shall find out as soon as possible,
and if we have jurisdiction this medical ex
amination will be stopped. . The parents of the
children will hold us responsible, anyway.
The plea is made that the inspection is for
the purpose of checking the spread of infec
tious diseases, but In practically every instance
these cases are In charge of the regular family
physician before the disease reaches the con
tagious stage. I regard the use of the inspec
tion system as unnecessary and irregular.
School Director F. C. Clift said:
I think the Board of Education made a seri
ous mistake In giving Dr. von Adelung per
mission to Install a corps of medical Inspec
tors in the schools. The members of the
School Board knew that the advisability of the
scheme was in controversy between the Health
Officer and the Board of Health, and it seems
to me that it was discourteous for one of the
city'e governing bodies to take . sides against
another in a contest with Its executive officer.
We should have dealt with the other boarJ
direct.
Furthermore, leaving the standing of th»
corps of inspectors out of the question, I am
eure that the children's parents will object to
an enforced medical inspection. I am already
in receipt of many protests against eucji treat- '
rrsent. . . - " . j
I know I should feel that way. It seems to I
me that the Health Officer's course has been
Irregular and unprofessional. '
The advisability of a special meetlrtg '
of the Board of Health for next Friday i
evening for the purpose of investigating i
Dr. von Adelung's scheme and deciding i
upon a course of action with regard to It :
is being discussed. ,
Replying to other questions. Governor
Taft stated that in the islands there are
about 5.000.000 acres of land held by pri
vate persons, and that of this 403.000 acres
are owned by the Catholic mars. Of
these 403,000 acres 230,000 aite the best lands
in the islands. The committee will meit
to-morrow. ;
In reply to a question Governor Taft
said there are thirty-four organized and
fifteen unorganized provinces. In answer
to a ciuestion by Senator Patterson Gov
ernor Taft said it was not true that a
majority of the people can read and
write. As to the position of women in the
islands, he said that the women of the
Philippines hold a superior position. They
are the active managers in general af
fairs and the Spanish Archbishop had
said to him that if it was intended to con
fer any political authority upon the Fili
pinos it should be conferred upon the
female sex. . . '
•General Chaffee and I are on the
friendliest and most cordial terms," Taft
saia, "and we had no difficulty in reach
ing an understanding -after a prolonged
conference. Our compromise was reached
on the understanding that a writ of
habeas corpus would not lie against mili
tary officers, a civilian employe of the
military branch or a.prisoner of war."
Governor Taft also said that there had
been some difference of opinion as to
other matters in the method of adminis
tration «nd that naturally the natives
were more favorably inclined toward the
civil government because they were rep
resented by men of their own nationality
in that branch of the service, while on
the other hand the army was principally
concerned in bringing the war to an end.
He thought, however, the military au
thorities were coming to look with more
favor on the civil institutions.
In this connection Governor Taft ex
plained at some length the contention be
tween the commission and General Chaf
fee which had, he said, arisen over tne
habeas corpus provision m 'the commis
sion's code. That provision had been in
serted, he said, to protect native officers
who surrendered and .who are subject to
ariest on charges of crime committed
while in the insurrection service believed
to be contrary to the rules of civilized
warfare. Such charges against these men
wer.e common and often they were un
founded. . . .': '
The day's session began with the under
standing that there should be no interrup
tion by me memoers of the- committee
until me presentation of this entire
branch of me suDject -was completed.
Uovernor '• Tail saiu that originally the
military and civil control of die islands
nau Dten m the hanus of . the military
anu mat naturally mere nad been some
umerencc ot opinion Detween the military
autnormes anu the commission as to tne
metnod of proceeding. Tnis ¦ difference;
naa arisen wttn ueneral MacArtnur, anu
tnure nau been more or less eorrespcuci
ence on the subject. The general had
concenued mat. authority, over the islands
was vested in the military and the repre
sentative of the chiet executive because
iiie islands were in a state of war. In
this view.ihe commission did not concur,
'mis cniierence did not, however, extend
to tne control of the municipalities.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— In his state
ment before the Senate Committee on the
Phnlppines Governor Taft to-day dwelt
especially upon the relationship of .the
military and civil authorities in the Phil
ippines. Among other things he said that
women should have the cnief privileges
because of their intelligence. .
' All those Who 'have appeared to voice Cuba's
needs and requirements have indicated that
an invitation to Cuba of annexation would be
accepted. Annexation by force woulty no. l>e
justified. It muEt be ¦ accomplished. If at all.
by the free act of. the Cuban peopie. At pies 1 
tnt there is no rriaqlilnory in Cuba by which
the popular will can be tested. ' . .
The Cuban Congress will meet in February,
a Cuban Government will be organized anil
the? United States will then leave the govern
ment and control of the islar.us to Us people.
Cuba will then be In a position to express Her
will and it ia only necessary to tide over lire
present emergency by a temporary measure/
sucli as I have introduced, reducing the dutj
on Cuban sugar orte-fourth for une ytar and in
viting Cuba to become a part of the United
States under a territorial form of government,
under the constitution, her petiple to be citi
zens, not subject?, with the assurance that
ultimately statehood will be granted.
By coming into our political union Cuba will
secure immediately tlie highest degree of free
dom and with it a large, market, for varied
products. Those products will net threaten
our sugar industry so seriously as they wpulti
under reciprocal trade- arrangements, ¦ for the
reason that th«- restricted labor laws of this
country wi" apply and will raise the cost U£
production to such an extent as to prevent
over-stlm-ilaiior- of li«»r industries, while h<?c
supplies -/ill b* bought in the h!&>i prjit^Wsu
markets of this country, iii-'tee-; "f the cli'ap
markets of til? woild. ¦ . ,
I much piefer political iinli.t. Tv ¦ liat in
volves the l»'.:l kind of com- - v:i Ml m:- ;> th*t
can be e»:cii/ii..iied between- tlv !«•¦¦> c vitru'r.
Such annexation i3 entirely in line with the
traditional 1,'Ocy- or the cciiiuy. Ytvm the
time for statPhood comes, Cuba, Porto Rico
and other Via Indian islaii '¦• \ . Mr |...sMrH»im
can be Incorporated ir.to ths Union as one
State, thus dc.ng away with the danger of
over-representation in tho Senate. x • •
That in the meantime the republic ot Cuba
is invited to become a ; part ot. the United
States . of America and her people to become
citizens of the United States, with the assur
ance that Cuba will be entitled at first to a
Territorial form of Kovernment untler the con
stitution and laws of the United States with a
Delegate in Congress , to .represent her people,
and that ultimate statehood will be granted,
when., in the -judgment of Congress, it is ad
visable to admit Cuba, including such other
West India islands, belonging to the United
States as may be deemed advisable, as a sin
gle State in the Union to be called the State
of Cuba. ; . .i
Newlands, in explanation of his resolu
tion, said: . ~
The resolution confines the 25 per cent
reduction of duties to the period prior to
January 1, 1903. > The provision as to an
nexation fig as follows:
WASHINGTON, Feb. ' 5.— Representative
Newlands. of Nevada, of the Ways and
Means Committee, who was the author
of the resolution annexing Hawaii, to-dny
introduced a joint resolution inviting the
republic of Cuba to become a part of the
United States flrst as a Territory and
then as a State of the Union, to be called
the State of; Cuba, and also authorizing
a 25 per cent reduction of duty in the
present crop of Cuban sugar, in considera
lionof Cuba granting preferential rates
to the United States.
Now Mrs. Mansfield, who is devoutft
religious, has separated from her husband
and asked for an annulment of her mar
riage, though she holds nothing against
him.
While in California Mr. Mansfield, who
had entered the employ of the railroad
company, heard that his wife had died.
The news came to him after he had been
here five or sir years. He did not think
of marrying- again until 18S7, when he met
Miss McMillan and they became husband
and wife.
The discovery that the husbands lin*t
wife was living came about in a peculiar
way. lie and the second wife were liv
iiig happily together umil one day Mr.
Alanttitid uled an application for a pen
sion, basing his claim upon the fact that
he is a veteran of the Civil War. What
was his surprise to receive the informa
tion within a short time that his first
wile was already in receipt of a pension
on the ground that she was his widow!
The news astonished the old engineer.
He had always thought the first wife
dead, and the episode of the pension re
veals that she also thought him dead.
Mr. Mansfield's troubles, it seems, be
gan with the outbreak of the Civil War.
He was a prosperous business man in
Lowell, Mass., when the conscriptkm took
him away to battle for his country. He
fought in a number of battles. When be
returned at the close of the conflict he
found his business ruined, and to retrieve
his fortunes "he came to California.
After forty years William F. Mansfield,
aii engineer, formerly In the employ of
the Southern l'aciric Company, has dis
covered that the wife he thought dead all
ihis tirne is still among the living.
Tiiis romantic life episode is revealed
through the Illins of a suit to-day by
Mrs. Margaret Harriot Munsneld to annul
her marriage With the old engineer. Bhe
iiSM.ris ttiai she was married to him oa
vrebruiiry 17, 1«>7. by the Rev. -F. A. llor
¦jon, then pastor of the First Presbyterian
v iuirth, not knowing then that he had a
wile still living. She asks that the mar
riage L>e declared void and permission
given to her to resume her maiden narae r
of Margaret Harriet McMillan. There are
no Cii.-^ren.
Oakland. Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 5.
by ths Disapproval of
the Accounts.
Nearly §40,000 Is Tied ,Up
Bandits Wreck Building With
Dynamite and Escape
With Booty.
Senate Committee Hears More
Testimony About the
Islands.
, First and Afterward I ¦"
•.¦*•. a State.
Plan Is to Make Territory
W. F. Mansfield Weds An
other When Told Former:
Spouse Is Dead.
Newlands of NevadaPro
poses the Island's ,.
Annexation.
Governor Taft Speaks for
the Feminine Sex
in Philippines.
Officer Loses His Life in
Battling With Bank
Robbers.
Illegal.
Auditor Breed Declares
All Claims to Be
Many Large Theater Parties Are Being Made Up for
Event— Burlesque, "Love's Trust," Is Said to Be
, Extremely Clever— Costumes Will Be Handsome
After Fort}? Years Makes
Discovery Through
Accident.
INVITES CUBA
INTO THE UNION
WOMEN MERIT
EVERY FAVOR
HUSBAND FINDS
HIS WIFE LIVES
SOCIETY SHOWS KEEN INTEREST
IN THE EBELL VAUDEVILLE SHOW
ROBBERS KILL
BRAVE SHERIFF
REJECTS WATER
COMPANY BILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
MAKES CHILDREN BRAINY.
Propf About Feeding.
It has been proved times without num-
ber that properly selected food will build
jzp the brain. The testimony of a school
teacher on this subject is good. The let-
ter is long and only the important facts
will be given:
"While I was teaching school in 1SSS a
little girl in the household where I lived
vras very fond of Grape-N'uts and would
all she was allowed. I noticed that
f-he was a remarkably bright pupil. There
were five other children, all of one fam-
ily, that were bo marked in their work.
They were really the brightest family I
ever knew, so I questioned to find what
they were using. They replied, 'Only
Grape-Nuts.' I learned upon further in-
quiry that this was their chief diet for
breakfast and discovered that their
luncheon consisted generally of Grape-
Nuts with cream and a little fruit.
"1 had suffered from dyspepsia, head-
aches and general debility greatly and,
:is I knew, my diet was not well selected.
1 took up prape-N'uts Breakfast Food and
f-arried it to school for luncheon. I Boon
discovered a. change in my condition and
found that Grape-Xuts afforded more
nourishment than bread, meat, eggs or
anything that I could take in my basket.
After luncheon I would feel strong and
bright for the afternoon's work, while be-
fore,! had frequently been half 111.
"In the spring ot 1900 I went to college,
rented a room and boarded myself, sub-
Fisting largely oa Grape-N'uts, and I can-
not speak too highly of the food as a
Kraln nourisher. At thfe end of a year'a
schooling I obtained a position In one of
the ward schools in this a college town,
and am well end happy.
"The wife of the college principal tells
me that there is no food that agrees wild
l.cr as well as Grape-Nuts, and that tes-
timony was repeated by a lady friend ;n
lay own home." Name given by Postum
Co.. Buttle Creek, Mich.
. '": ADVERTISEMENTS.
i) — : — .'."'¦'. ¦¦¦•••
Fully Ripe
Made from the choicest of selected
Rye, and distilled under every pre-.
caution, insuring the highest nutrient
quality
4 Hunter
Baltimore
M Undergoes thor-
fi| ough aging before
an itissold.andinthis
'Jg state of fullest ds-
£9 velopment it is the
Ml Whiskey.
j|j It is particularly
¦(tJ recommended to
jjj£J women because of
gn its age and excel-
| lence.
.;''"¦¦' "
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO..
Inc.. 223-225 California st.. San
Francisco, Cal.
.Telephone Main 873. t .
< 9 <
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
.^S^ DR. MEYERS & CO.
fm^l\ SPECIALISTS FOX MO.
/.iff *-»'*? -\ Established 1SSL Con-
|''fl!l % **rl I eultation and private booii
1 Msu v -£**!'' I free at office or by mail.
Y yw3B*? / Cures guaranteed.
X^C*!*/ 731 MARKET ST.
X^J?' SAN FRANCISCO, CAUTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 «p. m. ¦-,•'¦
30<» Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m,
<*39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
215 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
19-11 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22(il Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
trntil 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until Dp. n.
3096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Mreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 rillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A~REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena „,_,
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. TT
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be i\
held in Commandery Hall. Masonic ,«Si_
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING, *!&¦*
February 6, JS>02. at 8 o'clock. Degree 14th.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Charter No. 79, R. A. M.— ¦
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Royal Arch }Lj\
degree. By order of the H. P. / l
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING.- February 6, at 7:30 7t3c
o'clock. Stated meeting. By order of '
the Master.
FRANKLIN H..DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. ¦ •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (THURS-
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'ciock. By JLJT
croer of the W. M. 7 ~.»
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary".
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. m
Stated meeting I THIS (THURSDAY) st^\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order TT2r
of the Master. ' v>
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lo«se No. 155. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (THURS- §i?2E2^
PAY) EVENING.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON, N. G. •"»*"»
OFFICERS and members of Loyal „»>«***!!«*•
Keb«kah Lodge No. 215. I. O.
O. F.. are requested to assemble
In Prospect Hall. Odd Fellows' '"* K ¦
building. THIS DAY (THURSDAY) at 12:30
p. m. sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late sister, ELIZABETH BRUHNS. By or-
der of ELLA R. BOURNE. N. G.
MOLLIE E. McCOLLISTER. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market Ft., in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California.
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
.it the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
THE iirmnai meeting of the stockholders of ths
Fierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
?29 Crocker building, city and county of
f *n Francisco. State cf California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day cf February, 1902, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
tnay come before eald meeting.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
portage paid.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Experienced lady canvassers to ad-,
vertise a food product; traveling work; salary
and expenses; only those having had ez-
perlence need apply. Box 3221. Call office.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ar.ee? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
WAXTED — Portrait agents; wages and com-
misEion. S20 Hayes st.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future pTe^ictedT^caaings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW*
R. TV. KING, stty.. Examiner building, room
?513; ail cases; damages, estates, wills, 1 mort-
rages. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc. ; legal papers drawn; consultation free; j
no advance charges ; open eve's; call or write, j
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck;qu«et; 1
no charge without success; established 16 yrs. 1
Open evenings by-appointment ;phoneJohn318t.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
cttachrnrnts; mortgages ;bills of sale; partner-
*hips; deeds; wills drawn ; no fee unless euc-
Cf&sful; open c\-e'g. J.M.Thurston,819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mart
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES. ~~
WITH a capital of $3000 an agency for elec-
inc automobiles can be obtained. Address
".00 Parfire st.
HOOICS SEW AXD OLD.
ECX3XS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased"
H. C. Holmes. 1140 Market; tel. Howard 1946]
«LSI.\^;SS CUAACKS.
A — $S0O; DAIRY, produce and delicacy~6tore
; on Hayes st. : rent $20: living rooms: eood!
ba?lnegs. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny. i
A— $450; RESTAURANT on Fourth st close I
to Market: rent I'M; good paying business; i
value in sight. Call It. G. WILKE 26»4 '
st. ' j
A — S3C00 ;DRY goods and notions store; bestt
location; stock will invoice the price; sickness i
compels owner to leave the city. Call R G i
V.'ILKE. 2'J'j Kearny st.
A— «<500; HALF-INTEREST in one of the best
¦3owr_ town saloons ; rent $50; a. good paying
business and rare chance. Call R g 1
WILKE. 20 u Kearny gt. |
A— $1000: PARTNER wanted In manufactur- i
ins business to attend office. Call R g
xiy, Kearny st. ' j
A— C750; SALOON cstabl. years; close to Kear-
cy and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE 2l>ii ' .
Kearny fet. * . "
A— $450; COFFEE taloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.; rent $25; daily receipts about
£25; owner to leave for Nevada. Call R G
vqLKE. 26>^ Kearny st.
A— $:>U0; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms; best location in the Mission: rare
chance. See R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A — $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
In v\ estern Addition; established 12 years-
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
aiHiut 2^2 barrels per day. Call H G
_JjVILlvE, 2GJ.i Kearny st.
A— fCOO; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least S2O0
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— CIGAR stani-; fixtures, lease, frootf will for
*4OO; Etock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call K. G. WILKE. 2(i^ Kearny st. i
X— SfOO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es- !
tablished year*; first-class paying; located i
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny et.
RYAN & O'ROURKE. 819 Market. Tel.MInt 865
Room SI -. 1
40 caloons. $225 to f 5000 I
f> restaurants, fl50 to C00O
"0 cigar stands. fl50 to 30C0
&0 candy, delicacy, notion, bakeries.
5 partnerships, $100 to 1500
HEALT & CARR. phone James 277L ~
6 Eddy St.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotfls. restaurants, lodging-houses, groc-ry
rtoies. cigar stores, ranches oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
FOR e&le et a great sacrifice; a liquor store
and eaJoon on Sixth St.; must be sold with-
in three days. Call and make an offer. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market Bt.. rooms 1 & 2.
$3000 — GOOD paying, well stocked grocery and
bar: North Beach district; long lease. Apply
tVICHMAN. LUTGEN. & CO., 318 Clay 6t.
FOR SALE— $400; butcher shop; trade estab-
lirhed: good reasons for selling; no agents.
Acdrpsu BOULANGER; Market and Seventh
sts.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Partner with $500 in good paying
business, can -draw out money in thirty
days; no experience necessary. Address L.
218. Emma Spreckels building.
FOR SALE — Electro-plating works for gold,
silver and nickel; instructions If necessary.
O. P. FOX. Masonic building. Stockton, Cal.
NICE cigar stand on water front for sale;
S275, worth $500; come and investigate. '204
East et. : no agents.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. »21 Market et.
CUR "Compounding System" of turf epecula-
tlon is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits over SO per
«-*nt; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO
Expert Ha ni lea ppers. 113 Stockton st.
FOR cale — Machine shop and foundry in min-
ing district; well established: capacity needs
increasing; good reason for selling. Box 3219
Call offioe.
A— THIRTY cigar ctands that net $2 60 to $6
oally. Afk C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
DP.ESSMAKING — A long established and-Euc-
cessful dressmaking business for sale. Ap-
ply at rooms 135 and 136. Murphy building.
FOR talc— $90; cigar gUnd at 140 Third et.
£600— FOR rule; the Palace Restaurant. Vul-
Xtio. Cal. ; creat chance. P.O. box 270, Vallejo.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
JOSEPH STRAUB, "" T.
SSO Market St., cor. Stockton, .
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected.
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
Do you want to eell your business or <5o you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address.
LODGING-HOPSES FOR SALE.
120 ROOMS on Saneome st $2000
100 rooms on Howard st 1500
34 rooms; Howard st 400
44 rooms; Stockton st 2100
82 rooms; Grant ave 3000
25 rooms on Fourth st $1000; good paying
10 rooms on Sixth st $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient
88 rooms on Powell st $3200; good location
22 rooms on Powell st $1500: good location
10 rooms on Geary Bt $1100; fine house
8 rooms on Sixth st $350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason st.$750; any time; ail full
50 more houses on list.
McBRUJE & CO.. 765 Market gt.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71tf Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
tetate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
FIVE SAMPLE HOUSES.
A 12 r.: X. of Mkt.; rent $30: clears $35.$300
50 r.; corner; rent $100; clears $160 mo.. .2800
15 r.; N. of MUt.; rent $65; clears $60... 1200
32 r.; rent $75; cor.; N. Mkt.: clears $80 mo.
23 r.; rent $40: Income $110 800
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE. :
Call on US r
...... Any House Sold on Payments
Call and Get Our Large List
...We Have Houses in All Parts of City...
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms $300
68 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
18 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
10 rooms;, swell; bargain .'. 8<K)
13 rooms: very good; rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. : phone John 531.
90C Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— McDANIEL. SKIRM~& CO.. ~
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A: phone Mint 2S11.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
Any house on cur books on monthly piyments.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $30; Al
location: on Market st. ; -only $1700.
23 rooms: elegant corner on Geary: select
roomers only; modern building; must sell
thl6 week.
Select list of- lodging-houses. Call before
buying.
A. CAMERON & CO. ~
850 Market et. and 8 Stockton st. '
Rooms 21. 22. 23. / Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us: buyers call; we can
suit you; clear titles guaranteed.
Lodging-houses and flats from 5 to 108 rms.
Prices from $225 to $12,000; money loaned,
1U per cent.
Boarding-houses from S to 88 rooms.
Price* from $850 to $9000.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in roomlng-houss3, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
« Something new every day.
New houses to lease. -
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~
17 rooms; cheap rent: must sell $575
j30 rooms; rent only $75; nr. Powell st.. 1400
53 rooms; corner: modern bldg.; snap.. 950
30 rooms; rent $S0; reduced to 1S00
WIXSTON & WOLF, 102(5 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
HOUSES on Van Ness ave.. Ellis, Eddy and
other Ets. N. of Market; cheap houses, high-
priced houses: real estate; partnerships: bus-
iness chances; mtges. bought & sold; money
loaned at low rates; good exchange*. FISH-
ER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1592.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices in all parts of the city; get
our list flrst. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
BUYERS or sellers — Call on H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St. He can suit you.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tuesj, Frt.. Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrcll St.; Ellis car.
A. SCHEMEIL; special development material-
izing seance to-nijrht. 8 p. m.; 25c. 130t
Post St.. near Franklin.
A — PROF. GEE. I OS Sixth St.; readings dally.
60c and JJ1: circle every night. 10c.
A— MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meet-
Ing, 8 p. m., 10c. 305 Larkin; ques. read.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics
MRS.VALEEN.medlum and palmist, will guide
you right; 50c. 1583 Market St., near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night: 10g
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
JC7!77?r. . ..... 50c— 50c— 50c 1 : .—A
PROF. BROCKWAY, Prof. Brockway.
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for a short time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily; Sundays. 10 a. m.
to 12 I), m. J.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
interest manifested In each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Pi of. Brockway tells
vou what you want tc know, eliminating
unintt resting features and not tiring you
witTi matters entirely irrelevant to tne case
'in hcr.d, is has been the case In readings
you r&ve had in the jfest. Prof. Brockway
reads your- past, present ;-.nd future.
00c — 50c — 50c.
KNOW THY FUTURE ™ "
Ar.d Prospects for 1002 by Consulting
.SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
Advice on 'bueinefa, speculation, all love and
dorr.f-fctlc troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
' love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or Influence any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
hi:n Buoerior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, VJ
14, first floor, 1101— MARKET ST.— 1104. '
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THK FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examlper bidg.
Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontc-nted, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be' told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 23c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 456J.
MRS. DR. F. CLAUKB. the well-known trance
rceclum, is permanently located at 120(1 Mar-
fcet tt.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
28; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
Fecret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215'.-i Oth.
I5MAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant ani
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite. Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. in.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 320A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal ce*r: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: 50c-$l: 10 a. m. to S p. m.
50c, $1 — Prof. Weller. clalrv iyant pa.lirlst.card
reader;mall erders:stamp for circ. 1007^4 Mkt.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken; tel. Jessie 13G3.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. LA VON. 'wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 50c. $1. 234 >£ Sixth st. '
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader- la-'
dleg 25c: gents r>Oc: readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c.
MRS. B. Baumann.. well-known fortune teller.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works-^-Cleanlng,
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.^
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
voting Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyTeth
floor, 916 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
104; able body of attorneys. -
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
flowers, etc. 782 Capp St.. near Twenty-third..
DENTISTS. £
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Epreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns," $5 up;
plates, a full Bet of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It;.
EIGHT prizes fnr best crowns, plates, bridges
, and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret* painless method; 20. years'
experience: no students; advice free: ' prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE, W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor,
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 00 up; plates, extractions free. $4v0
up;. office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. TV. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Masons-
Expert paln!e«s extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDERSON,
D. D. S., proprietor and manager. '
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fllllngs.50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago. Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bu?h —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: filling";, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815?4 Geary.nr.Larkln — Pain-
less ext.. 50c: plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSE3
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Milliner}' School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor &. Moffat
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
KIJIICAT1O.VAL. .
H^AL^S~ScifoOL OF^L^CTRICAXrENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
pracilcal; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ;
ATRES' Leading Business College, 72.1 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market 6t.— Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. -^
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST- ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice -worth
following? Life scholarship $50: catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. i
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers" in account' g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-'
• moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin. 1 ' guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
LESSONS on the accordion desired from a
competent teacher. Box 322S, Call office.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.De.Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Po6t;estab'dlS71;ablestprofs.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIX. mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 123%Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S301.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanesa-Chlnese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 42C Powell.nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALK.
LADY would like a position In a nice family
to take care * xi f 1 or 2 children; can teach
music and embroidery and help with sewing.
Call at 711 Folsom st. ,
RESPECTABLE woman, gocd cook, will do
some washing, wants work in American fam-
ily: will go short distance in country. 740
Mission st.
EASTERN woman, elderly, neat, economical
cook, fond of children, desires place as
housekeeper; references . given ; wages $12
month; no postals. 254 Natoma st.
GERMAN girl would like a position for house-
work In small Jewish family. Call at 115
Juniper st.
WOMAN would like position as working house-
keeper; city or country. Address box 3208,
Call office.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes situation to do
housework or second work; city or country.
JW2 York st. ¦ "
BY reliable ¦woman, washing or housecleaning
. by the day: satisfaction guaranteed. Box
oUH. Call office. •
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter and
Fkirtmaker, sews <50c a day or $3 a week.
M. F.. box V.2M. Call office.
COMPETENT girl desires situation to do cook-
Ing; wages $30 to $3f>. Apply 1322 Broadway.
COMPETENT nurse desires engagements^ by
j the day or week; massace by the hour; 1G
months' hospital training; highest references;
; terms reasonable. Call COS Telegraph ave..
Oakland.
AN experienced dressmaker on ladies' and chil-
dren'3 clothes will accept a few more en-
gagements In families: $1 25 per day; also
dresses made over. 12TJ7 Webster st. near
Ellis.
LADY of refinement wishes a situation as com-
panion to lady; 13 a good dressmaker; refer-
cnce« exchanged; good home desired. Ad-
dress box 3293, Call.
COOK who has experience and reference wishes
a situation; American family preferred. Box
3215, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like a situation in a coun-
' try hotel as chambermaid. Box U217, Call.
WANTED— Poaition as housekeeper: fond of
children. Apply box 3385, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $150
. to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fcubscriptlons has been established at 10UJ
Valencia st.
EJIPLOVJIENT WASTED MALbT?
GOOD Irish dishwasher of many years' expe-
rience wants a job in a hotel or restaurant
Apply to MICHAEL " BUTLER, .Lindell
House, corner Sixth and Howard. sts., city.
NEAT young man. strong and willing, desires
work: wages expected not so much as a good
place; can come well recommended. Address
ROY FARRANT, 1237' Stockton st.
WANTED — A 'situation by a sober young man
in the country: v/111 do anything except plow-
ing. Box 3482, Call s offlce.
HANDY young man 25 wants steady '¦ position
for mornings between 7 and 12 o'clock. Box
S240, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation in soda- water
works; have some experience. Box 3226. Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as school
boy. Adirees.DOL~4r3 Stevenson st.
: EMPLOYMENT W ANTE D—^M ALE.
BARKEEPER, honest, sober and reliable, de-
sires steady position; city or country. Box
3292, Call. . . .-¦ -
MIDDLE-AGED man wants to do choree,
handy with . tools, attend horses, can milk
or any kind of work. Box 3245, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wlsh'es position;/
j city or country; references. C, 28 West Mis-
sion st. •
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment where
work Is not heavy; some experience minding
invalids. Box 3205, Call.
YOUNG married couple wish positions, private
place, city or country; country, preferred;
man handy about horses; some ' experience
with gardens, chickens; wife good handy
woman about house; girl 8 years old. Box
3235. Call office. »
POSITION wanted by an engineer and ma-
chinist with 20 years' experience; nothing
less than $4 50 per day considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work, ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3392. Call office.
'SOBER, intelligent, industrious married man
wants Eteady employment as salesman, por-
ter, night watchman or, run an elevator;
good city references; wages $10 a week.
A. B.. box 3297, Call office.
EXPERIENCED coachman and'gardener. thor-
oughly, reliable, with best of references,
wishes position on private place;. 3*4 years
last place. Address W. W. C, box 3239. Call
office. 11-18 Broadway. Oakland. . : . •' • . k :
AA — YOUNG iran, mastering f&ir language^,
proficient correspondent, extensively traveled,
I;nlted States, Europe. Central America, de-
slres, employment. Box 3230, Call office.
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledge of stenography. Box 3210,'
Call, onlce.
AN experienced colored man wants situation*
of any kind; has many references. Please-
address A. WILLIAMS, box 3238, Call.
GOOD first-class cook wanls situation in pri-
vate family or boardink-house; best refer-
ences. Box 3237. Call office.'
POSITION as bookkeeper, office work or sales-
man In a wholesale or retail hous»; can give
best of Box 3355. Call office.
I Ci ' LIND^ press feeder: experienced. Address
j D- B., Winchester Hotel. Third St., city.'
j HOXEST Japanese wants a position as a school
boy in a small family. Address T., 703 Lar-
I kin st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I _£eceiveo: at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EXCHANGE.
I>O^COMpBl£S^w^t1h^$^5f7^tT%x^h^iIgTwcr
first-class carpenter work. Box 3222, Call.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken In payment
for services; good propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO. U. S. licensed
I stock brokers. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co.' (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing jstocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9. Parrott bldg.
| FLATS TO L12T.
A — ELEGANT, new, sun every room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing, 2
• gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 5 and 6 rooms;
take Geary. McAllister or Sutro ears; 753
to 705 Sixth ave.. near Fulton st. A. . M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. f_
A — SUNNY new flats and houses, 5 to 8 rooms,
porcelain baths; low rent. 507 to 525 Fred-
erick St., near Stanyan.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath. Western Addition;
{ rent $20; carpets and part of furniture for
j sale. Box 3220, Call office.
! MODERN newly furnished 6-rocm flat for sale
I or rent; cheap. 647 Ellis st.
i FURNITURE FOR SALK.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, 548 00, with No. 7
range. King Fiirnlture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. i
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest i
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1.154.
* GLOVES.' '
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the wcud;
warranted: K*pt- in repair. 121 Grant ave.-
HEL1' WAVTEU — FEMALE.
A — HEAD waitress, commercial hotel ?30
Head waitress, small country hotel $25
2 waitresses, very choice place, city. . . .. .S'J-J |
2 waitresses, mining town, fare paid. ....*. $20 i
Waitress, resort, fare paid
! 2 waitresses (arm work), country hotels.. $20
i Waitress, plain country hotel $23 >
j Other places for waitresses to select from: j
2 chambermaids, youth, half fare paid. .. .$20 i
3 fancy lroners. south, half fare paid !
(paid for overtime) $30 i
Chambermaid, first-class place, free fa re. $20 '
Houseglrl for State of Washington. ... $2U j
Cook, city $,jo ;
Houseglrls all over the city, email -fam- [
illes $15-$25
j C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A — I/IRS. X M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1573 !
! HOTEL DEPARTMENT I
J 9 waitresses, winter resorts, south, $20, rates j
fare; 25 waitresses, city and country, $25 anu '
$20: 0 restaurant waitresses, £6, $7 and $$.
! no Sunday work.
i FAMILY DEPARTMENT
| Cooks and housegirls. city and country, best
i wages; nurse. 2 children. $25, very choice
place. /r
| MRS. M. E. DAY & CO....033 Geary Bt. ;
WANTED— Head waitress, country hotel, $25; ;
waitress, city family hotel, $2."): :: chamber-
maids, wait one meal, $20: 4 German nurses :
and second girls, $20 and $25; Scotch second
girl, $25; 6 second girls, some sewing. $.20
and $25: and a large number of cook3. house-
girls, etc.. at $20, $25 and $"0. city and coun-
try. J. V. CROSETT & CO.. .134 gutter st.
j CAL. College of Halrdressing and Massage, Ida
j i II; Blakesley mngr.; graduate of Trof Paul j
Lascotte of N. Y. Girls change your occu-
pation; learn the best for women;
only 3 weeks, $5; bring add; worth $1. aoo
Larkin st.
I WANTED— Young girl for plain cooking and
j light waitlns at table; wages $20. Call be-
tween 0 and 1 o'clock, 1015 Scott st., corner
butter.
WANTED-^First-class saleslady, experienced,
to take charge cloak and suit department;
state where last employed. Address . K. F. ,
box 3242, Call office.
WANTED— Refined young lady as companion
to lady, good penman and accomplished In
music, to do light housework; references rc-
qulred. 418 Montgomery st.
j SALESLADY of experience in selling handker-
| chiefs, neck wear. etc. Address, stating ex-
! perlcnce, last position, T. C. F., box G212
| Call ofnee. '
i — — ;
WANTED — An experienced bookkeeper and
typewriter. Call at' LEVIN BROS.. Inc.,
1348-54 Market st.
WANTED — Saleslady, must speak French or
Spanish, for dry goods store. Address G.- S.,
box 324S, Call offtcf . '
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
Foil-assertion; gcod opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bulldin?.
COLLEGE of Hairdress-ing: entire course, 2
weeks. $5; day and eve. class. I Call at room
1. IQQ-ifr Market st.. near. Sixth.
FIRST-CX,a"sS bar coat operators. T>. a
HEGER. 72. 1 '. Market ft., room 35.
GIRLS to learn glovemaking; eood opportu-
nlty. 151 Noe st. , :
WANTED— First-class buttonhole hands any!
finishers on coats. - 40 Ellis St.. room 47.
YOUNG girl about 16 to assist with work and
wait at table, etc. 32G Haight st.
EXPERIENCED helper for dressmaker; must
' be good operator. 16S7 Ho ward, st. , •
AT once, neat young girl to assist light houae-
work; $10 and good, home. 430 Fair Oaks.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family; ref-
erence required. • 1148 Turk st.
WANTED — Young woman for light housework;
wages $12. 3S2* Army st.
- APPRENTICE .girls wanted, on custom coats;
paid while learning. Apply 1020B Folsom st.
A GOOD waitress "wanted. 131 Third st.
GIRL to do downstairs work and "cooking;
wages <20; sleep home. Apply 710 Castro st.
NEAT young girl to assist with housework;
wages $10. Call Thursday. 2430 Bush st.' . .-,
A GIRL, for light housework and take care of
v phlltl - 163 2 McAllister st. '•../ ; . . " .
VTANTKD— Experienced saleslady, steady, for
candy store. 1109 Polk st.
WANTED— Young ladyto help first-class small
established ladies' ¦ tailor and make herself
useful* good chance to learn the trade; will
pay. K. BEDRQg. 52S Sutter st. . :
WANTED— Woman .; past ' 28 to manage co«n-
try business; must be industrious and of
good character. Box 3206, Ca 11 office. . ; .
WANTED— A good waitress. . Apply early at
__1830 Haight st., Park Hotel.. . . : . ;
FIRST-CLASS- ironers •• United States > Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.- .'-
WANTED — Girl to assist In general housework
1 and cooking. .. 1608 Larkin -st.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE — Con.^
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Z in 2
weeks; course, $5,, including manicuring,
massage, weaving, ventilating, switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed; no false
promises; our pupils are our living advertise-
' ment, filling positions and in business for
themselves all ovep the city; day and eve
classes. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
Geary gt.. rooms 13-15. . .
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
- Factory, S2}j VFremont St.; no . experience
necessary; good pay; steady work. "Apply
WANTED — Operators on woman's j muslin I un-
derwear; experienced only; steady work; elec-
tric power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st. , - • .
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS, CO.. 511
Market st. •• . t J •
AMATEUR performers wanted; salary unlim-
ited. Apply at Chutes . at 6 o'clock this
evening. . - -
GIRL wanted for housework at 539 San Bruno
ave.; near Eighteenth st. .
TWO assistants, inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
. ver University Physical Culture. 132V Market.
WANTED — First-class experienced millinery
trimmer. Apply at HALE BROS.'
525 TO J.25 per week; five ladle's** and ' three
gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no experience
necessary.- Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting. Hoovery Hall. 1327 Market st. :
GIRLS wishing to marry write or call on MRS.
HERTZ. 700 Ellis St.; no charges. - .
A GERMAN woman eg governess; ttate re-
liglon: salary $-{0 Box 2004. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. : ¦ ¦ . • -
HELP \VA.\TKD — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
...OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M..........
. Chef cock, mine boarding-house ?50 and fd
Polisher, Troy machine, country laundry.. ?C0
Porter, city store, ?35; 7 cooks, different
places;' 3 waiters. .- ¦
Man and wife for small Institution, country,
$37 50 and found; driver. wholesale milk
wagon, S35 and found; furnace man for mine,
$75; buggy washer, country, $30 and found;
5 farm hands: boy to drive small milk route,
$10 and found; 3 milkers and choremen, $30
and $25 and found; four-horse road teamster,
$35 and found.
CO woodchoppers. 4 ft. and stove wood; 25
tiemakers; prices for wood, -SCc to $2 25 per
cord, virgin timber, cheap R..R. fares; prices
for ties, 10c each."> •
MURRAY & READY, 634-636' Clay st.
MILKER. $35; lineman, $40 and board; boy for
milk depot, $20 and found; poultrynian and
wife, $50: 2 farmers and wives, $40 and $50;
slack work coopers, ?35 and board ; gardener,
$35 to $40 and found; piano player tcr coun-
try; woodchoppers. tlerriakers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BREAD baker for country shop, $60 and found ;
restaurant baker, $40; waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
' ramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 31C Stockton st.
French pastry cook, young man, $«0; cook.
$70; dishwasher,- $6 a -.week; waiter, $i>u;
young- man to wash flannels., laundry, city,
$10 a week; French young man for family,
country, $20; butler, $40; etc.
A YOUTH to learn bartending, first-class sa-
loon, $6 a week to Qimmence; bookkeeper,
one month's work, $12 a week; cook for bay
boat. $40; driver, milk wagon, §30; piano
player, 4 hours evenings, country, $60. W.
P. EWER & CO., 010 Clay st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Storekeeper, country hotel.
. " WANTED^ ~
MACHINISTS AND HANDY MEN TO KNOW
THAT THE MACHINISTS' STRIKE IS
PRACTICALLY OVER.
ALL SHOPS RUNNING AS USUAL.
The machinists' slrika that has been on in the
principal Denver shops since October is now
practically broken, as the shops are running
with non-union men 'and only about 25 per cent
of the strikers remain In town, walking the
streets.
The victory claimed by the strikers at the
Colorado Iron Works Company Is In reality a
defeat. The men went out for a nine-hour day,
whereas this is the very point not conceded by
the Colorado Iron Works Company. A number
of the old men from the Colorado Iron Works
Company were selected by tha management and
offered Individually their old positions, If they
would work the hours per day stipulated by the
manufacturers, and conform to their shop
rules and regulations.
Mulberry, who is conducting the strike, op-
posed this and a stormy meeting followed, un-
til the men demanded that they be allowed to
return or v/ithdraw from the union. To make
the appearance of a victory and prevent a less
of more men, the union were obllsed to sanc-
tion the .rtturn cf these men. hence the mis-
leading report in the daily papers.
This «trikc his ¦ demonstrated two things:
That the majority 'of first-class men are free
men p.nd will sot be bound by arbitrary unions,
and that the Denver Machinery Manufacturers
arc organized as a unit to resist the unjust,
unreasonable, unbusinesslike and arbitrary de-
mands of organized labor.
THE DENVER MACHINERY MANUFAC-
TURERS' ASSOCIATION.
EASY chance to make money; the best propo-
sition on the market; $2 to ?10 easily earned
daily; no experience necessary; be your own
boss and start business on a capital of from
00c to $20; come and see for yourself the
easy sellers I have. New York Novelty Co.,
room 1. 933 Market St. ¦
WANTED — First-class dress goods salesman,
city experience, to take charge of department
'and dress windows; references.. Address A.
O.. bos 3214. Call office, i
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
Indoor business: must h^ve $100 cash and be
satisfied with $75 a month. Apply at 209
Kearny st., room 1.
CANVASSERS wanted for a new gas' burner;
big money for rnergetic men. Apply room S,
220 Suttcr St., bet. 10 and 12.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right mar.. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
EXPERIENXED cigar salesman for city with
trade; good proposition. Box 34(i3, Call.
BOOTBLACK, wages $10 per -week, at Russ
Kcuse Barber Shop, 217 Montgomery st.
WANTED-rWagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan
street.
GOOD'boo.tb'.ack wanted at 1 531 s Polk st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 2021 Folsom St., near
. Sixteenth. ¦
BOY wanted at 253i,» Stevenson st., between
Third and Fourth. .
A WHEEI/WEIGHT and woodworker: good
, wages. 4610 Mission St. JOSEPH SCHEID.
BKST 2-chafr barber shop south of Slarket;
$100; leaving city. 1025 Howard st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, ' Vi
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over C feat 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.' '
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for ' Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: • state salary and where employed.
Box 2279. Call office. -:
WANTED— Reliable young man with $nO:
take cash and assist in restaurant; $40
month; no experience. BROWN 1221 Market.
WANTED — Sober- young man with $375 for
Market-st. saloon: $76 month: no experience;
big snap; come quick. BROV.'N. 1221 Market.
BARBER, , first-class workman, wanted: stste
wages with board. C. C. JORDAN, St.
Helena, Cal.
ATTENTION— Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market st.; O.- E. HOWE.
ACTIVE, intelligent boy - foiti drugstore"
WHITE. Goush and Grove sts.
BARBERS— Good 3-ciiair shop, near clty^ a
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st,
OFFICE boy wanted by long established busi-
ness house: must reside with parents; wa?Q3
moderate to commence; good chance for fu-
ture advancement. ' Box 3223. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced man to run electrical
¦lever elevator. Apply between 8 and 11 a. ni
at HALE; BROS.' ,'
$100 WKLL buy 2-chalr barber shop; rent paid
. to February 25. : 1055 Market St. :
FOR SALE— Two chair barber shop; best pay-
ing shop In Vallejo, Cal. ; only reason for sell-
¦ .ing, other business; best chance in the State
¦Inquire Call office. .
WANTED— Men' to "learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free;! discount this :month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal. .:
WANTED — Laborers .and mechanics to know
..that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
-runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood,- pension atty..~ C24 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st., nr. 5th!
McDONALD & PERRY have SCO second-hand
shoes . for gale, 60c up. 241 Third st. , v
YOUNG men to learn barker trade; catalogue
. mailed. , S. • F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-'
LEGE. 635 Clay st. •
PENSION atty.', E. A. Bullls. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.U.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL s'ze m.'n's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2C sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggnge to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establlsned at 1006
Valencia st. / _____¦»—— — ,
nORSES .OP AV ;\9il^
AT the MascoTstabierilOe Golden Gate ave..
near Buchanan St.— 1 light rubber-tire buggy
and harness: 1 trap, trap harness, robes ar.d
whip: beautiful eorrel horse ICV3 hands,
weight about 1200. as fast as any of the trot-
ters that you will see on the. speed war. Call
early, as this Is a bargain. __^
JUST arrived— 72 head well broke horses;
weight from 11C0 to 1C0O lbs.: suitable fcr
laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade /Horse
Market. .127 Sixth st. : also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. : auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SANTA ROSA sale and stock yard: horses,
harness and buggies bought and sold. 14:T*>
Market st., cor. Eleventh. Phone South S64.
WANTED — A small neat laundry wa.?on in
good condition. 2125 Mission st.^ '
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 005 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
I NO. 1 express wagon for sale cheap for the
want of use. 2513 Sutter st.
FOR sale — 1.175 Eddy St.; stylish single foot-
ing saddle horse.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
XEMAN'S. 100 Sansome st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houseT'to^ieVTseTId^or^ir^
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYGiE.\IC HAIR_ TREATMENT.
LADIES ami gentlemen. iLisintJIests you —
Free ccniultatlon on hair and scalp treatment
ty applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 139 Post gt.. Liebes building.
3IATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70)'. Ellia.
LOST AXD FOOSU.
LOST— Feb. 2, at ferry or, on boat, silver
medal, enjraved I. R. and 1002. Return to
B14 Geary at. and receive 'reward.
LOST — Between Nineteenth and Guerrero and
Twenty-third ancUFair Oaks, a lady's watch.
Return to 22S Fair Oaks and receive reward.
LOST — Gold ring with 5 diamonds, fob and
locket; initials F. R. u20 Sansome St.; reward.
LOST — On Castro st., near 20th, black water
spaniel with white • spot; name on collar,
Edward Lyman. 2723 Pacific ave. Return
to «S0 Castro St.; $5 reward.
LOST — Saturday, breast pin. pearl center; re-
¦nard. VAXDERSLICE & CO.. 130 Suttcr.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
tt.: tel. Hush 421.
SIEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief. in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
ot a delicate nature; all classes of female
* complaints treated; relief to the Ionse3t cases;
all private diseases in both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DOXNELL, 101S Market St., opp. Fifth.
| A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Roj-al Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladies
bt-Jore and durifig confinement; best care; I
confinement $15; rm:, board, $5 wk. ;' infants
adopted: will take 2 to work at my private
resid., 00(5 Guerrero, nr. liitn; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist:
J'.O years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infanta adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the .old office, 122S Market st. ; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladies' physician;
private home for confinement;' babies adopt- '
cd; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
MRS. DAVIS, ladies' specialist, returned from
Xew York: maternity home; low fees; best
medical core. 13S2 MarUet st.
MRS. D. GOODWIX. ladles' physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. O0G Market st.. opp. Fourth.
HIXDCOHERR and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1120 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1US Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist : a. private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 21 0 Stockton St.. opposite*
Union square f alt diseases cured by herbs.
MIXING AXD ASSAYING.
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
ratented claims, S-atamp quartz mill, ditch
ar.d hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for Inspection. Further particulars from A.
MKISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
•MIXiJS AXI) MIXING.
GEO. D. CAMPBELlCrTa^yerT&calnineTbiirr^.
K.; branch office. Nome, Alaska, season 1902.
ailSCELLALlLOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water p'.fles. shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, I'&M'S") Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard
. and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
A — $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. K;O Kearny St., nsar Pine
FINE suits. $10; dreS3 pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A PAIR of irenuine diamond ear screws. $15.
— HARRIS' Loan Office, 105 Stockton st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & . HAMILTON.
2 BUILDING lots. Excelsior Homestead, to
exchanee for roominc-house. 313 27th st.
A LOT of real antique mahogany furniture;
massive side. bed. 313 27th St., near Church.
A STEWART banjo, lady's size, hlrh grade,
$10. Harris' Loan Office. 105 Stockton St.
CLOSED and open hack; cheap. O'BRIEN'S,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
2ND-HAND boilers, engines, mach'y, pipe,
hose & b-ltlng. H. S. WHITE. 61«, Mission.
5000 TO 10.000 feet of 3, 3% and 4 inch pipe!
1QS Vallejo st.
A NEW €-11. P. meter (complete) cheap. 400
Battery st.
COUNTER, thowcases and scales for sala
chean. 216 McAllister st.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch pups. 1167 Stan-
yan st.
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c: paperhanging. paint-
ing. Mcrigan, 1302 Webster: tel.JacKson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, a'l makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont'gy.
WANTED — Five square pianos. ¦ - good for
¦ schools. BYROX MAUZY. 308 Poat st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new ar.cl 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
J. BURKE.- 139 Beale st. ¦:*ry^"
SAFES — New and second" hand. THE HER-
. MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modem engines and boilers
bought." sold. Krogh Mfg. Co;. 0 iitcvenson.
NEW Singer eewing machine; 6 drawers- oak-
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WA\TS.~
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; al30~gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
. Office, 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4S-J.
WANTED— A portable baker's oveir state
price. 127 Arlington st.
FI £' I l LlY ca ru ed i vory lm as*'12 or 14 Inches
high; must be cheap. Box 3213. Call office.
TIT/TON "Ants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessia 2SM.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MUKPHtf. C(X> Examlnar building.
*4.5U0.W0 at lowest ratej
on brst and second mortgages ......
Lif9 intereata in estates
Property being held in trust
.... Undivided interest* in real estate ....
..Life insurance polic;es. estates la proSate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
..* if You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. t>03 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$S00,CCO at 5 'A & 6 per cent in sura» to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country propertj.;
second mortgages, lite insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 502-*- MAA-
H ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th Boor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 0 PER CENT.
First, second and third "mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewner*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3 >»
ANY preposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room lfi,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1C0S.
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SM
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal -.confidential.
ORMSBY.20 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture- or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 69.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
comml3.";cenfldenttal. Whltehead,1710 Market.
OXE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furnHure. pianos: no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th Or.
O-. salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper di3-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly, private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. .A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other propost-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan blgr.
LOANS monev on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes; rent $2 up, credited If purchased:
Installments $3 up; old pianos bought and
.exchanged; bargains $25 up In Steinway.
•Heine. Chickering, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell, Heine, Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. SU
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
I both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. Xew pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos fnr $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS, i
BYRON MATJZY. 308-310-312 Post at.
NO matter what you may be in need of in ths
way of a musical instrument, we have it and
will sell at a very low price. You can buy
on payments if you desire. New and second-
hand pianoa. Simplex piano players, Olym-
ria music boxes. Graphophones, PhonogTapha.
Gramophones, in all styles. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76D Market st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up: new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CXJRTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterlinr pianos. . I
EVERETT, Hardman. Ludwig, Conover, Pack-
ard, Howard, Klngsbury, Straube, Jewett,
Cable. Steck, Smith and Barnes. These an*
the popular pianos of the day. For sale only
by THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931-033
Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
wlthii. 2 years and full purchase . price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 CFarrell
St.; established 1S5O.
A FINE large upright. $150; a beautifully
— carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In use only a few months. $275; new piano*
to rent, $3 50; squares. $1 60 and $2; Beck-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 5th St., agts for Ivers & Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
r^ssons.b!'? offer to rtiis© money j tli^y rous c
go; easy payments; other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
WE have a large shipping order for old square
and upright pianos; will buy or exchange.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
OUR pianos the leading makers: price $100 up.
ward; values beat in the city. PIERCE* 3
PIANO FACTORY, Market, 14th and Church.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. • 433 Golden Gate ave.
NEW cabinet grand piano; taken for debt; will
sell at a great sacrifice. 108 Oak st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $X5 up:
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Mlssn.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st.
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
10 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLEB, maker, repairer, 2 Latban place.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building. 027 Market st.— Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
SUNNY offices; Just below Kearny St.: $10;
also -large store. Keys 638 Clay St.. room l.
PALMISTIIY.
O. L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads -1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel.Black561.
IWIVrEUS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
sonble. Painter. 502 Stanyan: <tel. Park 15.
\ ' VEUSOAALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in, every room — Winchester
Hotei, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nlsht: $1 30 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; FeT>. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVAXS.
Domestic office, 1C21 Market st.^near Sixth'.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
? your business stationery for invaluable infor-
mation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus.
Ohio. . .
A — WHAT do you think O. BERMAN. 4*
- Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection SCO patterns.
ANY person Inquiring for Lucy Edward3 please
call or address 32 Fourth s(. (Calavsras pa-
pers please copy.*
SHAMPOOING In 10 minutes, warm air. price
W-c; hairdrrsslng. any style. 25c; switches.
wigs. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiecs at 23S Sixth St., room
11; call after 7 r>. m.
WHITE aname! iron beds, sinjrle. three- o,uartrr
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald c*ll on
Dr.G.S.Moore,S32 O'Farrell .send for circular.
SL'PERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric nppdls* Tli» £,\Ti*m T^-», .*«.«. -uta «r ,__./Charles A. : and ' Helen Josefina Armstrong
(wife) to Frank L. Johnson (single), lots 29 and
30, block 25, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10. •
¦ George W. - Austin- (single) to Albert and
Emma Powell (wife), lot 36, map Austin Park,
Oakland: $10. '¦¦-.» . .-'¦¦„¦¦
J. S. Myers and Mary Irene Augusta Myers
(wife) to George Sterling, lot on-NE corner of
.Sutter street and ¦ Telegraph : avenue, ¦¦ N 48.40
by E 150, lot 29; Wock C, map~Vicente Peralta
Reservation Tract at Temescal, Oakland, sub
ject to mortgage lor $375; $10. ,
: D , L. Steel to Lydia A. Steele (wife), . lot on
S line of Prince street, 145 W of Grove, W. 50
hy S 100, block 5, Map portion of Central Park;
Berkeley; gift. *
Phebe Pepper (wife of "TO". H.) 1 to Hattie M.
Parent (widow), lot 7, block 1, O. D. Baldwin's
subdivision of Woolsey Tract, Berkeley; $10.
John and Kajsa Lundin (wif e) • to Charles A.
Lundln, all Interest in lot on _E line of Grant
street, 300 N of Bancroft way. N 60 by E 130,
block 11, McGee Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Scenic Park Realty Company (corporation)
to Emma O. Mentz, lot'18, block 7, Map of Da
ley's Scenlo Park, Berkeley; $10. .
B. P. and Bertha L. Bull (wife)' to Addle D.
Jungck, lot on W line of Walnut street, 145:4 S
of Rose, S 50 by W 120, block 4. Map Resubdi
vislon blocks 3 and 4, Antisell Tract, Berkeley;
$10. - ... - .
: San' Francisco Savings Union to Otto M.
and Sophia E. Lunstedt, lot beginning on SW
line strip of land 115 feet wide of South Pacific
Coast Railroad Company and sometimes called
Enclnal avenue, 550 SE of Post street, SE 33:4
by SW 85:8, being NW 33:4 feet of lot 27, Map
of Hirschfeld Tract, Alameda; $750.
E. W. Woodward (and as trustee) to Califor
¦nla and- Nevada Railroad Company, strip of
land 30 feet wide (that is 15 feet on each side
of center line of track of California and Nevada
Railroad, as located, measuring .at right angles
from said center j line . of safd track) and ¦ run
ning N across Christiana Tract from SE to NW
boundary, same as per amended map' of saJd
tract, (.being portion of lot 1, Domingo Peralta
Reserve, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $1.
Alameda County.
Theodore A. and Lily Verhoeven to" San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Electric Railway Com
pany (corporation), lot on NW corner of lot 7,
block 3. Fairmount Extension Homestead, SW
8.41, NE 13.18, NW 13.06; $1. - .
Donzel Stoney to Kate M. Stoney, undivided
half of 1850 D. 297. estate of Joseph M.' Comer
ford*, No. 21,411; $10:
George M. ! and Ida S. Wilson to Mary and
Charles H. Whitney. -lot on N line of Merritt
street, 25.06 W of, Hattie, W 25.06 N 70.31, E
25.18, S 69, lot 2, block 3, Park Lane Tract;
$10. -
John B. . Lauda . to Thomas Sawyer, lot 8,
block 7, Excelsior Homestead Association, less
that portion sold for Mission-street widening
(1373 D. 829): $10. ,
W. X>. and W. M. GradyHo F. A. Vail, lots
S3 and 34, block F, Lakeview; $1.
Patrick Collins to Mary Bush, Catherine and
Annie Collins, lot on SE corner of Rutledge and
Alabama (Columbia) streets, S 25 by E 80, lot
2, Harris Map 2; gift. :
Theodor Gander to Joseph Aschwander, lot
on NE corner of Brazil avenue and Edinburgh
street, N 50 by E 200, lots 4 and 5, block 47,
Excelsior Homestead; $10. ¦ - v ¦
Henry Burrows to Anne J. Burrows (wife) ,
lot on S line of Clement street, 55 W of Twen
ty-fifth avenue, W 25 by S 100; gift.
George M. and Lillian A. Rolph to John Wyl
lie, lot on S line of M street, 32:6 Wof Twen
ty-second avenue, W 76 by S 100; $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Nellie A. Faithful, lot on W line of Tenth ave
nue, 175 S of N street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
.James A, Colleton to Frances Colleton, undi
vided, half of lot on NW:line of Bryant street,
220 SW of Third, SW 25 by NW 80; gift.
Hannah - Haley to Michael E. Haley, lot on
N line of. Broadway, 114:9 W of Hyde street,
W 22:9 by N 137:6; gift.
Giovanni and Madalena Solari to Giobatta
Podesta,' lot on E line of Leavenworth street,
55 N of Clay, N 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Giofcatla Podesta to Giovanni Solari, lot on
E line of Leavenworth street, 30 N of Clay, N
25 by E 87:6; $10. / ¦ . . ,
Angelo and Maria Sbragia to Theodora or
Dora Scalione (wife of Antoneo), lot on SW.
corner of Twenty-third and Vicksburg streets,
S 65 by W 33:6; $10. ' %
Harvey Dickinson to Margaret N. Dickinson,
lot on W line of Montgomery street. 45:6 S of
Vallejo, S 92 by W, 137:6; $3000.
v Lillle and W. Levin to Isidor Schwartz, lot
on' N line of Green street, 177:6 E of Dupont,
N 64:6 by E 20; also lot on NW line of Har
rison street, 125 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by NW
75; also lots 67 and 68,- Spring Yalley Home
stead Association; $10.
Harvey Dickinson to Margaret N. Dickinson,
lot on S line of Union street, 157:6 E of Du
pont,-S 60 by E 20; $1200. ;- ¦ .
Same to same, lot - on E line of Sonoma
place, 46 N of Vallejo street, N 11:6 by E 23;
$300: ; ¦ -•"-. ¦:•¦¦¦
Same to same, lot on N line of Vallejo street,
94 W of Kearny, W 23:6 by N 46:6; $1900.
Same to same, lot on N line of Vallejo' street,
155 E of Kearny, E 20 by N 137:6; $1900. .
Same to same, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
236 E of Dupont, E 42 by S 60; $3500.
Allen H. Piper etal. vs. Ella Doll et al. (by
G. H. Umbsen, referee) to. Edward Wolf, lot
on,S line of Bush street, 139:6 E of Franklin,
E 25 by S 120; $4100.
Estate ol Frances L. Wilson (Kaeding), by
F P. Deering, executor,' to I. J. Harrington,
lot on S line of Post street, 54 W of Fillmore,
W 27 by S 75; $2000.
Lottie Howard (wife of Virgil) to John H.
Leicht lot on N line of • ' Greenwich street,
163:C E of Scott, E 27:0. by N 137:6; $10.
Ann Larkins to Harriet E. Larklns, lot .on
E line of Hartford street, 98 N of Twentieth,
N 25 by E 125: gift.
"William H. Harrifion to Marie F. Engelland.
lot on W line of Shotwell street, 29:11% S of
Twenty-second, S 23:3 by W, 96:6; $10. .
"Ann Larkins: to William A. Larklns, lot on
E line of Douglass street, 100 N of Eighteenth,
N 23 by E 125;. gift.
Cella M., Oscar L. and Norman ; L. Dorr to
California Investment and Financial Company
(corporation), ; lot on E line of Dolores street,
200 S of- Twenty-fourth. S 30 by E 125; *10.
William A. and Harriet H. Magee to Belle
M. Magee (wife of Frederick EX Magee), lot
on K line Richland avenue (Thirty-fourth),
250 W of Mission street, W 50 by N 100; $10.
Arvilla F. Knox (by William J. Kennedy,
commissioner) to Henry \y. Sabin, lot on SB
corner Joost and Arcadia streets, S 50 by E
100, block 48, Sunnyslde; $478. .
Oscar Heyman to William C. Belcher, lots
8 and 41, block 11, tract A, People's Home
stead . Association : $10.
James W. and Amanda Newton to Eugene
J. and Matilde Keller, lot on E line Twelfth
avenue, 175 S of K street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Edward J. le Breton to Home for the Aged
of the Little Sisters of the Poor, lot on N
line Lake street, 120 E of Fifth avenue, E
340, N 780:6, SW 267:3%, g 376:10%, W
101:3%, S 357:11 11-16, containing 5% acres;
gift. , ¦'-.;•
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
beth, Ellen, and Mary She«hy, lot on NE line
°f Sumner street, -250 SE of Howard, SE 25 by
Margaret E. Sanl (widow) to John McCulloch,
lot on E line of Third avenue, 75 S of Califor
nia street South, S 25 by E 82:6; $10.
Cornelia L. and John H. Gray to William I.
Smith, lot on W line of First avenue, 135 N of
Clement street, N 37 by W 120; $2000. •
W. V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Union
Trust Company of San Francisco,' lot on W
line Twentieth avenue, 125 S of A street, S
50 by TV 120; also lot on SW corner Twenty
third avenue and A street S 600, W 110:11,
N 592, NE 30:8%, E 81:7: also lot on NW cor
ner Twentieth avenue. and B street, W 240 N
277:9, NE 241:6, S 804:6; also lot on NW cor
ner Twenty-first avenue and B street, W 240,
N 243:6 NE 241:6 S 270; also lot on S line A
street, 117:6 -W of Twenty-second -avenue, W
25 by S 100; also lot on SE corner B street
and '. Twenty-first avenue, B 107 : 6, S 100 ' E
12:6, B 50. E 120, S 58:8, SW 240, N 205:6;
also lot on E line Seventeenth avenue, 100 N
of B street. N 50 by E 120; also lot on E line
Seventeenth avenue, 200 N of B .street, N 25
by E 120; also lot on B line Seventeenth ave
nue, 200 S of A street, S 25 by E 120; also
lot on W line Sixteenth avenue 125 S of B
street, S 25 by W 120; also lot on W line
Eighth avenue, 225 N of D street, N 100 by
W 120; also lot on E line Fifteenth avenue,
144 N of B street, N 48 by E 127:6; also lot
on W line Fifteenth avenue, 100 N of B street,
N 25 by W 127:6; also lot on W line Fifteenth
avenue, 125 S of B street,' S 25 by W- 127:6;
also lot on E line Sixteenth avenue, 175 3 of
B street,. S 25 by E 127:6; also lot on SB cor
ner Sixteenth avenue and B street, E 52:6 by
S 100; also lot on N line C street, 57:6 W of
Ninth avenue, N 100 by W 50; also lot on NW
corner Eleventh avenue and B street, N 125,
W 120, S 25, E 87 = 64 S 200, E to beginning;
also lot on NW corner Eighth avenue and C
street, W 107:6- by N 100; also lot on E line
Tenth avenue, 100 N of Fulton street, N 100
by E 120; also lot on W line Eighth avenue,
225 N of D street, S 50 by W 120; also lot on
S line B street, 82 :6 W of Ninth avenue, W
25 by S 100; 510.
Elizabeth J. Boalt to Juliet Garber (wife of
John), undivided half of lot on S line ot Fif
teenth street, 149 E of Dolores, E 221:3, S 32:6,
SB 165:4%, NW 254:2, N 158; also that portion
of M. B. 37 not included in 1251 D. 381, and all
interest in M. B. 37; grant.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Dan
iel McPhee, lot on. W line of Treat avenue,
113:9 N of Nineteenth, N 50 by W 122:6; $1500.
Conrad Trost to Charles Lynch, lot on N line
of Twenty-eighth. street, 125 W of Dolores, N
114, W 20, SW to point, S 95, E 25; $10.
Arthur B. . Watson to Thomaa Kirkpatrick,
lot on E line of Kearny street, 126 S of Cali
fornia,S 11:6 by E 74:6;-$5.
John Murray to Thomas Burke, lot on NW
line of Brannan street, 288 NE of Third, NE 22
by NW 80; $4.0. •
Theodor and Katie Richards to PhilipjJ Hage
mann, lot on NE corner of Fourteenth and Fol
som streets, N 27:5%, E 99.76, S 25.521, W 100;
William D. Scurlock to Elizabeth. K. Scur
lock, lot on W line of De Long avenue, 130 S
of Frederick street, S 30 by W 86:3;. gift. •,..¦:
Pacific Improvement Company. to Charles A.
and Emma Fabian, lot -on NW corner of Carl
and Clayton streets, N 25 by ,W 100; $10.
EEAL ESTATE TBANS ACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1902.
Sol Schwartz (owner) with "William Helbini?
(contractor and architect) — All work except
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a three
story and basement frame building (three flats)
on N line of O'Farrell street, 107:6 E of Fill
more, E 30 by N 137:6; $11,300.
B. S. Hays, (owner) with TV. J. Little Com
pany (corporation), architect none — To furnis'a
and deliver all mill work, etc., -for a four-story
and basement frame hotel building on S line
"?£- p i >s^.5EK et '' 103:1 tt E of H y de - — zmv* b 'y
Partlck M. Flynn (owner) with A. P. Mun
sen and J. P. S. Johnson (contractors), archi
tect M. J. "Welsh — All work except plumbing-,
gasfltting and sewer for a three-story frame
building . (three flats) on W line of Alabama
street. 104 S of Twenty-fourth, S 28 by W 100;
$3700.
Builders' Contracts.
11
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TralaM lHf« nml nr« «i«m lo »rrl«* »t
NAN Kltl.\flS(O.
• ' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) <¦. -
«•*?» — g»OM DKCTMBMt 8. 1301. — AXMK
Ii«Oa Benieia, Sultan, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 8:3-"l#
* J 1 !** VacarUle. Wta«nn,'Rum8ey 7:30*
IsSOa M»rtln«,S«ulUuioa,Vallejo.Nap».
Oaliatogaaud Santa Rosa.... B:23f
i«W* Da»i«, Woodland, Knignu Landing.
MaxnTillo. Oroillle 7:3Sr
•:OO* A tlantio Kxrress— Ogden and Kui HtSS*
StOO A KUea, Lathrop, Stockton ;tS»r
SiMAaKUim, Mendot*. HaofonL VisalJa.
PorterrUle „ 4:33»
•»*» A Shasta Expr eu-Dajis, William* (for
Bartlett 8rring»». Willows. Rod
Bluff. Portland. 7tS>»
•i*»a Ban Jom, LiTarmora, Stockton,
lone. Saeramauto. PtacerviUe.
M*rys«ni«. Chieo. Ile.l Itlufr 4 123 r
•i*Oa Oakdale, Obtneaa,Soaora, Tuolnmne 4:23r
•»»Oa Hayward, Kile* and War SUtious.. 1 Ii33a
. •rt>0«. Vallejo 13(23*
••••A Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
. Tracy, Lathrop. Htooktou, Merced
". Fresno and Lea Ajuoles 7:S3a
• »«»•* Vallejo. Marllnex ami Waj Stations 7:35»
t •too A The Overland Limited— Ogdeu. \)*n. ¦ -
ter. Omaha. Chicago. „.... rti33»
fliOOp Sacramento KiterSieitninni (1 l:O0»
¦ Sttttfr Deniela, ; Whiten, Raeramento.
Woodland, Knights leading.
M*rysflllp, Orotille IO:33a
I»8»P Hajwutd. Niles aud Vfty Stations.. 7:33 *
, 4i«0r Martina*. Nan Ramon. Vali«Jo.
- Nap*. <r»lUt««a. Hanta Itosa »>33»
4i«Ov Nnea, UTermoi*. Sto«kton. Lodl... I2i*3»
4i3OpHajward.NUo«, SoaJose, Lrrvrmoro |S:34a
#«S0 j» Tha 0*1 Limited — Presnu, TuUre. * - -
BakersSelrf. Sanrts tot Santa liar.
bara, ice Aneelrs SiSSk
BiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 « i23*
Stoor UarUnra. , Antloch. Stockton. Uei-
- - eed, Fresno .......:.. 12:23*
•«">p Haywanl. Mllt« ami Saa Joae*. 7*3* 4
t»«»«r Vallejo ll>23t
•¦•Op Oriental Mall— Ogdeo, Uenfer,
Omaha, St. Louis. Ohlcago 4(3*4
< 7iOp Oregon and California Kii>ress,Ha».'
- . mnieutii. Marjritiils. KeiMlng.
' - - ' ¦ rortlamt. l>ugek riounit and Kask 8:55*
•••3 p San Pablo, ¦ Ptwk (,'oi ta, Martines
and Way Station* UsMa
_ t»iOSp VallKJo 7i3a»
'COAST LINE (Narrow Mann*).
' , (foototllftrketatreet)' _ .
•ilSANewark.Oeitter«Ule.8aqJos«,r«ltou. " j
BoitlderCreeic.HaiitaOnizandWaf
- Stations S<M»
fa*!** Newark, CeuterTllla. Sau Jo»e. New
AlmadeD. - Fslton. Itoulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz aod Principal Way
Stations I«i384
J«l»p Newarlr. Han Jose. Los Gatoa fS:»«*
rt.aop Hunters' Train— San Jot* and Way
SUtlons n.»«»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. .
from SiS r&lHCISCO — foal of Hark.it StrMt (Sli» 8)—
17:16 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:09 J;J3 - 8:19'.*.
FrimOUUsa— fitl »[Br««iiw«T.— 1«:90 tSM t&O0
. lOiOOa.M.- 12:00 8:Q8 ¦ iiQQr.M.
COAST . L.IXE (Urna.l Mange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
0: 1 Oa San Jose and Way Htationa.. ........ «:¦¦•£
7:*Oa Han Joaeaud Way SUUoiib. ........ fS:OOV
/7:<»Oa New Almaden / 4:lt9
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — San Joae. . r\
. Gilrny. Salinas, San Luis Obtapo. I
Santa Barbara, Los Aogeles and • .
principal Intermediate stations.... 10:430
OiOO A Han .lose. Ties flnos. ManU Onix,
Pheillc Uroto. Halinaa. H»n Lnls
\ Oblapo ami Principal intermediate
SUttmis , 4llt»
10i30a San Jose and Way Stations. *:S«a.
11:30a 8*11 Joss aud Way .Stations U;48a
t»: I3p San Mateo. Uedwood, Menlo Ftrk.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose. - . .
TresPisos. Santa Cruz, Salluas. ' -
Monterej ami 1'aclUo Grove |I0s4Sa
8:ai»r San Jose and Way Stations. lillii*
14:1 3p Sau Jose an<t Prinerpal Way .SUtlons . BtS««
4i00r Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Fridayi!. lor Los Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New York. "
ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays ISilS*
fSiOOrSan Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
• Way Stations fff:OOA
SiiJOp San Jnseautl Principal Way Stations «:.1O»>
SaOrS»»J«Kiui<l W«y .Stations ?:34»s>
ViOOr New Orleans Express — Nan Lola - -
, Obispo. Santa Barbara, Loa An-
geles, Darning. Ei Paso, New Or-
letnsandXssi 7:30* !
fll:43pSan Jo«a»nil Way Stations 7i3f
AforMoruiuf p for A fteraooa.
t HimcUy exeepted. _ ? ftan<Uy only.
_ •Satnrday only. _/Tneadaya aod Tridays^.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
¦ : - Daily Dally Daily Daily
Lt. SanFram 7:20 a O:0O a 8:00 p 4:20 p
At. Stockton 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 d
"-Merced.. 12:23 p 1:17. p 1:30a 8Olp
". Fresno.. 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 9
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 j> 8:05 a
" Vlsalia.. 8:39 p 8:00 a
" Bakersfd 6:13 p 8:20p 7:45a. ......
" Kan.Clty 2:4Oa 7:30a
••Chicago.. 1 2:13p 9:00 p|
a for moraln*. p tor alserfcioonl
9:00 a. m. train la ¦ the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to BakersQeld for accommodation of
local flrat-class passengers. No second,
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
4:20 p. m. la Stoclcton. Merced and FYeano
local. Correspondlns train- arrives at 12 :30
p. m. daily.
8 p. m- Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts - out at Fresno. -
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. a.
dally. -
- 7:20 a. m. Is BaJtersfleld Local, stopptog
•tall points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. .
Offices— «U Market street and in Ferry
Depot, Ban Francisco;. 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.- - - . ¦ - -
CILIf ORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C&
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot or Market SU
Can FrancUco to San Rafael. ¦'
WEEK DATS— T:30, »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:30. 8:10, 8:30 p % m. Thursday*— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— -Extra trtps>
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.s 1^0. 3:».
6:00. «-^0 p. m. • *':-O~>~-.
Sma huiaml to Saa Frsnolseo. '¦ .:'
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:5«. 0:20, UO0 a. m.;
' 12:4ft. 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturday*— ffixtr*
-trips at 1:03 and 6:35 p. m. . »
SUNDAYS-ls:10, 9:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:aA.
*;05. 8:25 p. m. ¦ •
Leave I in Effect I Arrtv»
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San Franctoca
Week I Sun- I , I Bun- I Week
Days.. I days. | Destination! .days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
8:80pm 8:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10 :25aro
» :10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. 7i88pm) <:20pn»
'Fulton, '
T :30am Windsor, 1028aa
. 6:00pm Healdaburg, 10:40am .-.•;¦
Lytton,
• i - Oeyservllle, >
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdalo, 7:85pm 6:20pn*
< 7 :80am B :00pm Hopland. IS :40am 10:3San»
8:30pm 8 :00am and TJldah. 7^S5pm| g^SOpaa
7:30am 110:40am 10 :26am
8:00am Guexnevllle. 7:35pm ¦ • -
3:30pm » :00pm ¦ " - • 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 8:15am 8:40am
an«^
t :10pm 5:00pm glen Ellen. < :03pm gr20pn>
7 :30am I 8:00am| 110 :40am|10 :25am
8:30pm| 6 :00pm( Sabastopol. I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyaervlll* for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdala for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
vllle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s.
Bucknell'B. Sanhedrin Heights. HullvMe, Orr's
Hat Springs, Mendodno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. WUUts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. " •
! Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at n~
! duced rates. - ¦ . ".
' On Sundays round- trip tickets to ail polnLs
,- t>«yon<i San Rafael at half rates.
1 Ticket ' office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
• l Hfcf ' WHITING, »• X. RTAN.
; Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas%Agt.
1 -. ¦- ~~ ; : r~z
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran." Foot of Market Sf San Fran. ¦
9-30 A. 8:00a. _,. - „*„&. i» T « «t wo !-00 v. fc-15 A.
j 4U5 P. II^Oa. ' --T1 ¦ _j_ 4:25 p. o^3 r.
Tin, Sia Francisco lo Summit u4 Betun, 11 00.
j TwutoacB, esisujLTETSTasBT ttiSACiiiiroFsaat
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
$U>«lvl KEAKJflT ST. Established
wr(Spy»ftin 1*54 for the treatmt*nt of l'rivute
raLt5v.-a£J5? Diwases. Manhood. Debility or
B|9E3v3&diM»8s» tvenrtngon body and mind and
Sjpjj^^^tn Diseases. 'Die Doctorcnres when
fait. Try him. Chars;cs low.
*'""*" ~"-"— "«**«»rf- C':iM or writs*
Or. J . V. OIBBOX. smi rranrlrrc. CaL . ,
(Successor to Flannapan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mm
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
-Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
pit>ii\\+ BAN BRUKO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
- t. HENDERSON. Manager,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lore at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. .
NEW FIRM OH UNDERTAKERS.
107 POWELL ST.NCA.ELU9 2S5? 5056
Florist Go.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
:' Prices \ Reasonable v: , ; .
THE UNDERTAKERS AND GENERAL
public are hereby notified that the price for
-cremation af CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
is now $10. . '
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Ass'n,
1504 MARKET ST. !
unEMnllUN SlUi
AlcGINN BROS..'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 228 McAllister Bt. (For-
merly of 31 Kddy st. Tel. South 252.)
REMOVED!
_____ PERSONALS — Contlnneil.
•StAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rues, tilk portieres: dealer in
cerpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Ge O . Matthew?. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ALFREDUMS Eirypt'.an Kenna: restcres gray
ha;r to its natural coior; $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric noedle. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Market.
ACTIRA for rale by tho A"Vi<".a Company. 7C3
ValPncia St., corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladies free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles deFtroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON'. 1119 Sutter St.
SUPERFLUOUS liair arM moles dertroy*»d with
electric needle. MME. DOLING, 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTK "TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: l»e and 2.V. All druggists.
Mrs. rsrigps— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. itl'S Sutt<-r; tel. Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALL1E M. XUXN, 1002'i Dolores st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
ilASQt'ERADE costumes, play books. *wijrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumcr. 20 O'Farreil; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. ?7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DU. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN" PAINT]
the bept corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
1 I'HVSIflAXS AMI MJUUKOXS. '
ABSOLUTELY FREE CON^SUl'taYkSn^JI
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. Uli.
FORDEX. No. C Turk st.. corner Mason.
A— DH. OLIVE GRUVKR. !adv physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st.: hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence.
1021 14 Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats r.;t <3i«f>as»s of the human body: eee
testimonials r-t offi^. m-117 Mason.nr.Ellls.
PI.AM.\t; AXD TL'ItXIXti MILLS.
VOOU and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and <anlng. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont.
BE A V^^^^g— SA3 y ° K SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Our many ealee prove it.
$100 to ?;S0— Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lets; a nest-egg lor investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them all; streets jj'-'aded; Jio monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. nr. H Et.
$400 to $S0O— Superb Richmond loU; $10
monthly.
$100 to ?2oO — Level building lots, near Mls-
6ion-Et. cars; £0 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
flOOO. $1250 to S20O0 — Splendid cottages;
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOC GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE,
20 Montgomery st., room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property
$2,500— Very cheap property; lot 30x100; near
Sixteenth and Mission streets
$18,500— Three very stylish, new sunny flats
S rooms: choice location; rents*$150
$3,9<Xt-^Beautirul view; NE. cor. Twentieth
and Collingwood: 50x100; flats or res
$12,500 — Three stylish new 7-rootn flats; Page
st.. near Eakcr; rents $120.
$6,850— Choice Pacific Heights lot on Jack-
son St., near Octavla; 40:6x127-8
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., near
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 ICinth ave.
THREE ol the handsomest flats in the City;
built one year ago; northeast corner; West-
ern Addition: 30x100; sun and light all day;
each flat contains nine rooms, including liv-
ing room, den. billiard room, etc.; two baths;
furnace, hot water heater, hardwood floors,
: always rented: $21O0 per year: price
$22,500. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. Real
Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery et.
————————
B30 Market et,, corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected
IF you have a residence, or any vacant lota,
on any of the streets -from Vallejo to Lcm-
S bard,' Polk to Lyon, and you wish to make
fca quick sale then call on "W. J. GUXN. 030
st. ;
BiftGAIX — Fine tunny cottages. S rooms and
al modern improvements; high basement;
IVge lots; fine view; cars pass door; Email
arnoant cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
31st st*. ; see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
$1000 CASH and $37 50 month buys new home
near Golden Gate Park; send for book on
"Homes." WM. P. TODD. 630 Market Et.
$7500 — FOR sale, business corner grocery with
S living rooms and stable; 9-room flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton cl
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
AT PLACERVl£ZE^-300-acre all-purpose
ranch, close in; 45 acres choice early fruit;
cheap water plentr: large barn; small house;
horses, cow, wagons, tools; orchard rents
$1000 a year; new railroad will double value;
ask particulars quick; a tnap to close estate;
$6000. E. N. EMMOXE & SOX, room 4,
tenth floor. Mills building.
¦ FOR SALE XEAB SAX FRAXCISCO
Small tracts, *60 to f»O per acre, on Banebs
Cotati. Ecmcma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 Calif ornia et.. for
pamphlets and information.
E. X. EMMOXS & 6OX have moved from 11
Montgomery et. to room 4, 10th floor. Mills
bMg. Country real estate a specialty. We
wact more property and reliable correspond-
in all parts or California. E. TC. EM-
m JJOXS & SON. room 4. 10th floor. Mills bldg.
rROFTTABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to seU: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy Bt.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free list. C. R. Winfield. Petaluma.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
G^NX : IXE~BARGAIXT " ' " "
$4000 — Income property, consisting of one 2-
story and three 1-story modern cottages; street
work done; three blocks to railroad depot; orig-
inally cost $7000.
$2500 — Modern two-story cottage of 6 rooms,
laundry and billiard room; lot 125x100, with
lawn, flowers, etc.; sunny side.
$2000 — Large two-story house, with store; lot
50x125: good location: near depot.
$2000 — Modern 5-room cattage; high base-
ment; lot 80x135; large two-story barn, etc.;
one block to Grove-st. cars; one block to Ade-
line-st. etation, Berkeley; this property must
be sold at. once.
Write me for list of Improved properties,
ranging in price from $500 to $7000; good build-
ing lots from $125 up; houses built to order;
money loaned.
P. A. WEXTWORTH. West Berkeley.
$1250 CASH. $33 per month, paye for a $4000
home in full in 130 payments; modern house,
S rooms and bath; 00 ft. lot; 10 minutes to
local and 10 mlnote* to State University:
send for "Homes." WM. P. TODD, 030
' Market Ft.. S. F.. or 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
'OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 -CASH. $2 50 monthly; 2 lots 25x256; price
I$;» each.
$20 cadi. 5 monthlv; lot 100x100; price $250
In all.
$50 cayh. $5 monthly: 4 lots, 100x100; trees
ar.d Fhrufcberies: price $300.
$75 cash. ?7 B0 monthly; 8 lots. 100x200;
fine oaks and laurel trees; price $575.
. $6 ?, C «* h> SI ' J ninthly; 200x200; price $9S5
in all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate;
near electric car line, fine school; building up
rapidly with a {rood class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
°ft» Se p iC I circular - i55 Seventh St.. oppo-
fr^e H a 7*'jnv F^l tion - O** 1 " 10 : carriage
tree. U. Z. JONES, owner.
$^St S l il ba ' an ? e KM Per month. 120 pay-
uTEJfnm Y * !\, in luU a new 6-room house;
Ivm P Tnnn i! 0 -, 10 ? 11 Bend for "Homes."
030 M Ma;Jt O S-l 0^. BrOadWay ' Oak!a " d - or
7 XE\V homes 5 to S rooms; all first class-
Merrlrnac or Twenty-eighth it., between Tell
egraph ave. and Grovt st.; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
fc. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate v>23
Broad a-qy. nor Fifteenth et.
OAKLA.VD FtRMTl'RE FOR SALE.
.FURXITCRE rood and cheap this Inonth ?L
BCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
rilHTVALE ItKAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity: 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st-: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-hnuse, pig-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour,
from S. F.; rent ?35 a month: price $4000.
Apply J. R. FP.ICUD. Mills building;, or H.
A. PLEITNISR. Frultvale Station.
KCMMr* KOIt iluOKlvKSSri-YO.
APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome sunny
tuitee; all modern improvements; s;as, bath,
reception rm. ; nr. park and school ; rent rea-
bonable. St. James, McAllister and Laguna.
CASTRO. 429. nr. 17th— 2 private furn. hskpg. ;'
private entrance: lawn: cheap; no children.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping in suites
2 or 3. ?12 to $20; also single. $5. _r
GOLDEX GATE ave.. C22 — Sunny front suite,.
large back room; bath, range, gas, etc. ¦
HAIGHT, 232 — Five sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; must be seen to be appre-
ciated.
LARKIX. S19 Ms— Sunny alcove rooms; gas
stove, bath, phone; 50; hseKppg rms., $12.
MOSS, 36 eff Howard, nr. 7th — 3 connecting
furn. rms.; housekeeping;_separate entrance.
OAK, 119 — Two sunny rooms .furnished heavy
housekeeping; yard; 3 closet*: storage; $12 50.
SUITE sunny front rooms, bedroom and kltch-~
en, furnished neatly and completely for
housekeeping; ?2 per week. Apply at shoe
store. 503 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d.
Virginia, 1005 Powell— 2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished; gas range; paths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscriptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HOOSIS TO LET — Furn. and I'ufurn.
ARGYLE~Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant!
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, an<j
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BRYANT, 428 — Front bay-window room with
running water; suitable for two.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
S5c. $1 50 night ; $1 50, $C wk. ; open all night, i
ELLIS, 418 (The Pierpont) — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths.
ELLIS, €85, cor. Larkin — Furn. sunny bay-win-
d6w; mantel, fold, bed; with or without, hkpg.
FILLMORE, 2320 — Large sunny furnished
room.
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transi«nt; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY; 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; 6Ult,single;elevat.
HYDE, 1514 — Sunny furnished room suitable
for gentleman; references required.
JONES, 906 — Lower flat, suite of three extra
large sunny front rooms, newly furnished,
suitable as bachelor apartments; will accom-
modate four adults; bath, phone, grate, hot
and cold water; breakfast if desired; vacated
the Sth. .
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON", 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: flay. week. mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, Bmoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171 — Corner house; sunny furnish-
ed rooms to let; single or double.
SHERMAN Apartment House; 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms ; bath ; phone.
Yerba Buena, -26^; nr. Taylor & Sacramento —
Fur. & unfur. rm. ; nice location; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been eeteablished at 1090'
Valencia et.
ROOMS ATfn HOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
BUSH, 2215 — 2 large sunny rooms with board.
$19 — ROOM and board for young man. 32 Do-
lores et.. near Sixteenth.
CROCKER. ! The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin: and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. 316 — Sunny room, elegantly furnished,
for refined couple or two young men.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; popular rates.
Irvingdale. 626 Eddy — Double and eingle rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
ROOMS AAD BOARD WASTED.
YOUXG Jady, employed, wants board and room,
private family, $3 50 week. Box 3241. Call.
nUPTURB SANITARIUM.
RCTPTtTRE CCRE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market St., rooms 5 and 6; new system.
SPKCIAL XOTICES/
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms »-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES' AXD SLTPLIISS.
ALL kinds bought, sold. Tented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowetrt rates. Tel. Green 14*. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODolE^PH^sToTaBT^nTltfo^lng^Co^
¦ office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St., ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2330 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IX TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than "any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter'
Exchange. 536 California ; telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;eBtimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES."
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
10, second floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco, February 4, 1902. — Dividend No. 197.
• of 42 cents per share on the capital , stock of
the Contra Costa Water Co. win be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, sec-
ond floor. Mills building, on February 15,
1902. Transfer books will close on February
9, 1902, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: — The Gtant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 38. of eeventy-
five cents -.("Sc) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202 204
206 Hayward bldg.. San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1902. Transfer books close Feb. 3,
1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & COXTKACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentzell patent chim-
' r»ey, I am prepared to erect it 00c a foot up;
expert in curing smoking or faulty, fluei;
chimney tops, alt descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks cpecialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations: estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2833 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
__' PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco,
Cal.. February 1. 1902. — Sealed proposals for
furnishing* and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
• -wharf or wharves or such warehouses- in San
Francisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here, until 11
o'clock a. m., FRIDAY, February 21. 1902.
and opened immediately thereafter in pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in-
structions to bidders and blank form of pro-
posal will be furnished to established dealers
on application to W. H. BALDWIN, Major
Commissary. 0. S. Army/ Purchasing Com-
missary. • ' \
JAMES J. ROCK, Secretary.
FLYNN — In this city, February 5, 1902, Wil-
liam Flynn, beloved brother of Maurice
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to. St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem titeb mass will be celebrated for the
repcBe of nis soul at 9 9' clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
UNITY Alliance No. 14, St. Patrick's Alliance
of • America — Funeral detail : You are re-
quested to assemble at the undertaking par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street. Friday morning, February 7, at 8
o'clock, to attend tie funeral of our late
brother, Nicholas Fitzgerald. Fines for non-
attendance. Per order -
- JAMES McGOVERN, President.
C7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 14
Park Hill avenue. Interment private.
FITZGERALD — In this city, February 5, 1902,
Nicholas, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Fltzeerald, and brother of Mrs. William
Malone and Mrs. Mary Powers, a native of
County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 59 years. A
member of St. Patrick's Unity Alliance
No. 14.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
EVANS — In Altruria, Sonoma County, Cal.,
February 3. 1902, Arthur Herbert Evans,
beloved husband of Emma -Evans, and father
of Cora M., Gladys E. and Arthur H. Evans,
a native of Waukesran, 111., aged 52 years 7
months and 23 days. (Waukegan, 111., and
Napa, Cal., papers please copy.)
(nyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the runeral to-day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Bunker
& Lunt, 266G Mis3lon street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third, Mission Masonic
Temple. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
ELLIS— In Electra, February 5. 1902, Elmer,
beloved son of Kate- and the late Nathan
R.. Ellis, and brother of Lillie, Randall and
Herbert Ellis, a native of San Francisco,
• aged 21 years 5 months and 2 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1447 Sacramento street, between
Leavenworth and Hyde. Interment Mount
. Olivet Cemetery.
CURTIS — In this city, January 18, 1902, An-
nie, Infant daughter of Peter J. and May
C. Curtis.
ECKMAN— In this city, February 4, 1902,
Sarah Avery, , wife of A. O. Eckman, . and
mother of Alice E. Cramer and J. T. and
A. O. Eckman Jr., a native of New York,
saged 51 years 7 months and 5 days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 409 Dolores etreet. between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetry.
CONNELL— In this city, February 5, 1902,
Margaret Connell, relict of the late Dennis
Connell, and lovlns mother of J. E. and T.
J. Ccnnell, Mrs. T. McGrath and Mrs. XV. J.
Siebert, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
ased »4 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:15 o'clock, from the residence
of her daushter, Mrs? W. J. Siebert, 480
. Sanchez I" street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem hieh mass -will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
CRANZ— In this city, February 4, 1902, Ethel
Adele, dearly beloved and only daughter of
Emma and the late Dr. Frank H. Cranz,
and sister of Louis F. Cranz, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years "2 months and
14 days. . . .
iE3*Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
February 7, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock,, from th-»
family residence. 1221 ¦, East Twenty-first
Etreet, thence to the Church»of the Immacu-
late ConceDtion, Jefferson street, corner of
Eighth, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated at 9:30 o'clock for the repose of
her soul.
BRUHNS — In this city, February 3, 1902.
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of the late
AVilliam H. Bruhns, and aunt of George A.,
Fred J. and Gub W. Wilhelm, a native of
New York, aged CO years 9 months and 20
days. A .member of Loyal Rebekah Lodge
No. 215. I. O O. F.
ALSING— In this city, February 4, 1902, Ed-
ward Sherman, beloved Bon of Asmer N. and
Hannah C. Alsing, and brother of Hazel
Anna and Amos Nickels Alsing, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 1 . month and 4
days. ' , ¦ .
BLAKER — In Oakland, February 4, 1902,
Katherine Blaker, beloved wife of Captain
C. H. Blaker, mother of Mrs. A. F. Quast
and J. D., Jennie. James, Minnie, George,
Charles and Milton Blaker, and niece of
Mrs. J. Lymu of San Francisco, aged 45
years.
Alsing; Edward S. . • Hesketh, Joseph E.
Blaker, Katherine •. Hobe. William F.
Bruhns, Elizabeth | Use, Louisa'
Connell, Margaret Lynd, Ann
Cranz, Ethel A. McCarthy, Ruth E.
Curtis, Annie Miller, Lambert
Eckman. ' Sarah A. • Millward, Mary A.
Ellis, Elmer Mitchell, Francis F.
Evans, Arthur H. Mooney, Elizabeth
Fitzgerald, Nicholas Peterson, Margarita
Flynn, William .V Phelan, William
Fogarty, David J. . Pirmian, Brother
Foster, George Raicevich, Lillie
French, Hayes C. Stone, Jennie C.
Gray, Robert B. Sandell. Christina
Guenther, Charles F. Veghte, Nellie M.
Hardwick. Lewis B. Weber, John-H.
Henderson, "William Woods, Catherine
DIED.
GRAY— PRICE— In this city. January 16, 1902,
by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, castor of the
First Christian Church, TUcBhrd T. Gray
of Santa Rosa, Cal., and Olive Price of
Z Ukiah, Cal.
KELLKR— REDFORD— In this city, January
23, 1902, by the Kev, Frank S. Ford, pastor
of the First Christian Church, Georxe M.
Keller of Crescent City,. Cal., and Mae Red-
ford of Oakville, Or.
MOORE— GRAHAM— In this city, February 2,
1002, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of
the First Christian Church, John Moore and
Maude M. Graham, both of San Francisco.
SIBLEY— WEGAND — In .this, city, February
2. 1902, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor
of the First Christian Church, Rollin Fred-
erick Sibley and May C. Wegand, both of
San Francisco.
MARRIED.
.'•'¦••, OCEAJST TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»W Steamers ¦ leave Broadway
Hfcfc^ Wharf, San Francisco:
K&gWii. For Ketchikan, Juneau,
¦REWFjQw. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
EBiraElua m -> Feb - 5 - 10 - 15 > 20. 25,
i HwSAtfil Yai March -¦ Change to com.
I Be3gfti-icr?SS.i P any ' s steamers at Seattle. .
r^^BSJKyJM For Victoria, Vancouver,
¦ Port T o w nsend, Seattle, Taco-
ma, Everett, New Whatcom —
II a. m. Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20. 25, March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 1, 6. 11, 16, 21, 26, March 3. •
For San Diego,- stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An.
geles) — Steamer Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. .
. For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obiepo). Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
neme, East San Pedro," San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonlta only).
Bonita 9 a. n., Feb. 3, 11, 19, 27, March 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 7, 15. 23. March 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. m.', 7th o£each
month.
For further Information- obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates-.
TICKET OFFICE — * ' New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
¦ 10- Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
—TO—
PORTS 1N^ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60 Including meals and berth for th*
round trip on board the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co.'e steamer CUR'ACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7, April 7. Du«
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La
Paz. Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymaa
by rail. For further particulars Inquire at
Ticket Office. * New Montgomery st; or 10
Market st. San Francisco.
O.R4 1V.CO;
Only Steamship Xjlx&o *e>
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket a to all
pointi.nl 1 rnit on *tte»m«h1p and rail, at
IjOTVest hates.
8teameb tickets include berth an! heals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails ...."
.Feb. 2, 12, 22; Mar. 4, 14, 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails •
Feb. 7. 17, 27; Mar. 9, 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st, 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y. S. F.
TOYO KISENKAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting' at Hongkong 1 with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.
.....: .Tuesday, February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
. .* Friday, March 21st, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU........
Tuesday. April 15th, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
. freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. : .
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Ci3 Slid Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL Feb. 101PALENA March 10
GUATEMALA..Feb. 18 SANTIAGO
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... .Sat.. Feb. 6Y,7 -p m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
........ Saturday. Feb. 15. '02. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA. " for Tahiti, about Feb. 19
J. D.SPSECKELS 4 BEOS. CO., Binvai .pits. 327 Hariui It
Qan'l Pattsngsr Office, 643 Market St., Pier lo. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R,R. 5 S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
8. S. Leelanaw sails Friday, - Feb. 7
S.S.Argyll • sails Thursday, Map.' IS
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
From Lombard-street wharf .at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Phila., Feb. 12, 10a.m. I St. Louls,Feb.26,10a.m.
St. Paul, Feb.l9.10a.m.| Phila., Mar. S. 10 a. m.
RED STAR LINE.
> NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland, Feb. 12, noon] Friesland Feb. 26 noon
Haverford, Feb.l9.noonlSouthwark, Mar. S noon
• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
. ¦. CHAS. D. TAYLOR, .
General Agent Pacific Coast, SO Montgomery st.
COXFASNII 9ENEBAL3 TBANSATLANTIQOTI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.' ¦¦.,.»>_
Sailing every Thursday, instead o£ <Hrl535&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ¦• 3 *» aa^
North Rive#? f oot of Morton street. ¦ ¦ •
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
vYork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, -6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. •
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FoiFTITu^^
Steamen GEN. PRISBIS- or M0NTICELL3
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. ' Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. v
> RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILRQAdT
Via Sausalito Ferry J2'.* 1 ,*-
. Commencing September 29 1901
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. Jlx
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m
•1:45 3:15, 4:15, 6:15. '6:15, 6:45 p ra"
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. . •,
SUNDAYS — *8:00, *10:00. »ll:30 a. m. "(l'la.
3:16 *i:i6. 6:30, 0:30 p. m. * *^T"-
. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 'S^' 6:27. 7:45, 8:35, 10-13
a. m., *12:25. 2:15.. •3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. nC -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »8rO0. »10:00. *U:45 a. m.
n:40,-*3:16, 4:45. *6:30 p. m. - *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:56 10:30
a m 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
', 'EXTEA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Pa. turd ays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:13
8:30, 6:00, 6:45 p. m.
y - ( ••¦: ¦¦"• THROUGH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and ,way
stations. ¦
- 1:45 p. xn. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦ '• ' ¦ s
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ¦¦ ¦ . . ¦• /- '•. ,
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran oa
Sunday time. , .
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: •
William H.- Murnhy, 20, 1723 Jones street,
and Elizabeth M. T. Blattner, 21, 228 Green.
Florimor.d Chevalier, 40, - Watsonville, and
Marguiitte Branser, 21, Watsonville.
James M. MeConehie, 4ti, I74G Ellis street,
and Mcry C. Weyburn, 42, 1746 Ellis street.-
Isador . Geigrcr, 30, 041 Colsom street, an:!
Esther G. Gutter, 18, 1524 Fifteenth street;
* Henry W.- Horstman, 2S, 3314 Twenty-sixth
street, and Louise Pohlker, 21, 2960 Howard st.
John .: Draper, 2"), 139 Harriet street, and
Nora Fmnerty, 22, 12i> Eleventh avenue. » • •
Juan Luna, 23, 231- Tenth street, and Isabel
Roirrero, ¦ 2C, 231 Tenth street.
Henry C. Keyser, 36, 21(5 Fourth street, and
Bertha M. Baumstark, 24, Menlo Park.
Samuel B. . Black, 35, city, and Annie M.
Becker, 25, city. '
Martin Judnich, 27, city, and Anna Werder-
ber, 26, city, i '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral v to-day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, : from the parlors
of the • United ¦ Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, • thence » to , St.- Joseph's Church for
services. Interment. Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral 'to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
VEGHTE— In this city, February 5, 1902 Nel-
lie M., beloved wife of Alfred T. Veghte
and slater of Mrs. I. C. Gross, aged 28 years
and 4 ¦ months. . , ' : •
WEBER— In this city, February -4,' 1902, John
H., beloved husband of the late Mary Weber
and father* of Peter H. and John W Weber'
Mrs. J. Duncan of Clayton, Contra Costa
County, and Mrs.' Annie Stockfelth, a native
of Denmark, aged 74 years 2 months and 11
• days. _ ¦ 1 ,- ' .' ¦¦¦¦¦., c £¦/-:-.- 1 ¦ ¦
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from" St. Mary's
College, where a rolemn requiem mass will
' be celebrated .for the repose of his soul,
commencing . at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary'.8 Cemetery. Oakland. :
RAICEVICH— In this city, February 5, 1902,
Lillle, dearly beloved wife of Splro Raice-
vich, mother of George, Ella,- Spiro, Peter,
Lilllo, Rudolph, Valeria and the late Regina
Raicevich,' and sister of Miss Jennie Crane,
a native of San Juan, San Benito County,
Cal., aged 42 years. ' \
ItyRemalns at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van .Ness avenue. Notice oi
funeral hereafter. . '
STONE — In this city, : Feruary 4," 1902, Jennie
C, beloved wife of W. W. Stone, ani mother
of Mrs. Frank McCullough of Los Angeles
and Mrs. N. P. Cole Jr., a native of Grand
¦ Rapids, Mich.. . ,
ityFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from- St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, California street, between
Fillmore and Steiner. Interment private.
Remains at the parlors of the Western Ad-
dition Funeral Directors, 2428' California
. ' street. ., .¦¦¦.-..: ,-' ;':"/: ¦• r- ,.
SANDELL— In .. this city, February 4, 1&02
Christina Sandell, a native of Sweden, aged
45 years 10 months and 6 days. • •
C?" Friends are resuectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day {Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of Fred "W.
Farrar, 1604 Santa Clara avenue, corner
Paru street, Alameda. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
MOONEY— In this city, at St. Joseph's Hospi-
tal, February 4, 1902, Elizabeth Mooney,
dearly . beloved wife of the late Michael
Mooney, mother of Joseph and Augustine
Mooney. sister of Peter Kelly, Mrs. Thomas
Kelly and Mrs.- P. M. Well in, and grand-
mother ¦ of Joseph and John Grennan . and
Mrs. M. Quillinan, a native of Ireland. '
C?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral j to-day
(Thursday) , at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, .29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner Fill-
more and Fell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
- ment Holy Cross Cemetery,
PETERSON — In this city, February 6, 1902
Margarita Peterson, beloved wife of George
Peterson, mother of George Bates, daughter
of Mrs. Louise Young, and sister of Nina
and Edith Young, a native of Kingston,
Jamaica, aged 29 years 3 months and 5
days. - . ..;
PHELAN— In this city, February 4, 1902, Wil-
liam Phelan, a native of Melbourne. Aus-
tralia, aged 35 years 8 months and 20 days.
PIRMIAN — In Oakland, February 4, 1902,
Brother Pirmian (known in life as Frederick
Moller), a native of Germany, aged 73 years
and 16 days. ¦ >
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1705 Hyde street, between Broad-
way and Vallejo street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.'
MITCHELL — In this city, February 3, 1902,
Francis Farrar Mitchell, , beloved son of
Thomas G. and Anna L. Mitchell of Victoria,
and nephew of Fred W. and Walton T.- Far-
rar, a native of Victoria, B. C, aged 4 years
¦6 months and 20 days.
. P. J. DIEZ, Secretary.
MILLWARD— In this city, February 4. 1902,
Mary A., beloved wife of the late George
Millward, and mother of Mary A.. John and
Thomas MiHward,' ' Mrs. T. L. Stephenson,
Mrs. J. R. Howell and Mrs. W. R. Grandy, a
native of Staffordshire. England, aired 75
year3 1 month and 18 days. (Pottsville and
Shenandoah, Pa., .papers. please copy.)
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from the fu-
neral parlors of H. F. Maass, S>17 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, corner
Tent* and Howard streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
ot his soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
THE officers and members of Branch No. 22,
Glass Bottle Blowers' Association of the
United States and Canada, are hereby, or-
dered to assemble at the funeral parlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, to-day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, Lambert Miller.
By order JAMES BEEGAN, President.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
• February 6, 1902, atl o'clock, from his late
•residence, 148 California avenue. ' ¦ •
GUENTHER — In this eity, February 5, 1902,
Charles Francis Guenther, dearly, beloved
son of Charles and Rosa Guenther,' brother
of Oliver and Louisa Guenther, and grand-
son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Braun, a native
of Germany, aged 2 years 3 months and 17
.days.
¦ CTFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1713 Leavenworth street,, be-
tween Broadway and Vallejo, and thence- to
St. Boniface's Church,; on Golden Gate ave-
nue between Jones and Leavenworth, at
10:30 o'clock for services.' Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
HARDWICK— In Fruitvale, February 5, 1902,
Lewis B., beloved husband of Julia A. Hard-
wick, father of Frank A. Hardwick and
Mrs Florence A. Monchamp, and brother of
August and George Hardwick, a native ot
Quincy, Mais., aged 61 years 8 months and
8 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
February 7 at 2 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, Santa Clara and Behton
streets, Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. ¦
HENDERSON— In this city, February 5, 1902,
William Henderson, brother of Mrs. Gondle,
Mrs. Williamson, Mrs. Young and • Captain
• Henderson, a native of Scotland, aged . 6S
years and 6 days. '¦ ,.
HESKETH — In this city, February 4, 1902,
Joseph E.. beloved son of the late Joseph
and Catherine Hesketh, and brother of Wal-
ter Hesketh, Mrs. A. Rauschenbach and Mrs.
J. Mahan, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 3 months and 21 days. j
(E?" The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
• of his sister, Mrs. A. Rauschenbach, 1704
Harrison etreet, thence to St. Charles Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' . . ¦
HOBE— In' this city, February 5, 1902, Wil-
liam F., son of Elsie' A. and the late
Adolphus A. Hobe, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 28 years 1 month .and 26 days.
ILSE — In this city, February 5, • 1902, Louisa
Use beloved wife of Ludwig Use, and mother
- of Willie, Hazel and Gertrude Use, a native
of Germany, aged 38 years 1 month and 19
days.
(ty Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from 'her late resi-
dence, »01 Point Lobos avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. . .
LYND— In this city, February 5, 1902, Ann
Lynd (formerly a resident of Oakland), dear-
ly beloved wife of P. J. Lynd, and beloved
mother of Mrs. Minnie Remmele and Albert
Lynd and sister of Fanny Madden, a native
of Imloch, County Mayo, Ireland.
MCCARTHY— In South San Francisco, Febru-
ary 4. 1902, Ruth Euphemla," beloved daugh-
ter of Kffle and Andrew McCarthy, and sis-
ter of John McCarthy • and the late Mildred
McCarthy, a native of South San Francisco,
aged 12 days. • ,
, (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ' to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of tier parent*. 1923 Sixteenth avenue, be-
tween Q and R streets. ¦ Interment Cypress-
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. .
MILLER — In this city, February 3, 1902, Lam-
bert Miller, a native of Rottenburg, Wurtem-
¦ burg, Germany, aged 27 years 8 months and
17 days. A member of Branch No. 22, Glass
Bottla Blowers' Association, and of ,the
Schwaben Verein. - - ¦
Flynn, Mrs.. T. Landry and Mrs.' J. C. Kemp,
a native of County Cork, Ireland.
CyRemains at the parlors of Carew &
-Eng'Ksh, 20 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. . L"- 1 '
FOGARTY— February 3, 1902, David "J. Fo-
earty, husband of Elizabeth. T. B'ogarty, and
•- father of Joseph A. Fogarty. ; , . .• .
FOSTER— In this city, February, 4, 1902,
George, beloved husband of Sarah A. Foster,
and father of AUie T., Edward T., George
L. end Harold Foster, a native of England,
aged 58 years 3 months and 11 days. ;.( Vir-
ginia City, Nev., papers please copy.)
: -IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock; from Odd Fellows'
'Hall, Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of I. O. O. ¦¦ F. Relief Committee.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FRENCH— February,* «,' 1902, Hayes Clifton
. French, M. D., beloved ttisband. of Rose M.
French, and father of Vida C. and Victoria
R. French, a native of England, aged 62
tC7"Notice of 'funeral' hereafter. Remains
.at the funeral parlors of Charles H. J. Tru-
man & Co., 318 Mason street, between O'Far-
rell and Geary. '
GRAY— -In this city, February 4, 1902, Robert
Burns,, beloved son - of Catherine L. Gray,
• and • brother • of i Thomas L. Gray and Mrs.
G R. Gunn, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 1 month and 12 days.
WOODS— In this city, February 5, 1902, Cath-
¦ " erlne, beloved * wife of James Wpods, a na-
tive of County Cork, . Ireland, aged 45 years.;
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), 'at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 109 Roanoke street, • oft Chenery,
thence to; St. "John's Church (formerly St.
Mary's" College), where' a 'solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose cf her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.^ Interment
: ¦¦ Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
BORN.
CURTIS— In this city. January 17, 1902, to
the wife of P. J. Curtis, a daughter.
COHEN— In this city, February 3, 1902, to
the wife of Max Cohen, a son.
NEALON — In this city, January 16. 1802, to
the- wife of T. G. Nealon, a son.
PRIES— In this city,' February 2, 1902, to the
wife of Edw. C. Pries, a son.
WHEATON— In this city. February 2, 1902,
to the wife of W. S. Wheaton, a son.
Birth, marriaee 'and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of/ices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have t»e same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-^DEATHS.To-night F. M. "Dickey was reached by
telephone at Isleton. He declared posi
tively' that the woman ' who committed
suicide, at Stockton was not his sister,
Lyle Dickey; that ' the pictures of the
suicide bear no resemblance to any mem
ber of his family, and that Lyle Dickey
is the present Mrs.- Scally of Sacramento.
That Mrs. Scally is who she claims to be
is attested by .City Detective Fitzgerald,
who knew her when, she was Lyle
Dickey; by her. broiher-in-law, Louis
Wagner, a former policeman and em
ploye of the City Water Works, and her
sister-in-law, Mrs. Margaret Dickey, a
dressmaker. ;
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 5.— The Police
Department and all who have investi
gated into the. Sacramento end of the
Stockton suicide story are convinced that
the unfortunate woman is not - Lyle
Dickey, formerly a.' resident of Isleton,
this county." Lyle Dickey is the present
wife of Patrick Scally. land she is living
with her husband at 1417 . Third street,
this city. . • ' ¦¦.¦ ¦ \ :¦.
Wife of Barkeeper.
Woman Thought to Be Suicide Is
LYLE DICKEY IS AIiIVE.
I knew Mrs. Hammond Moore very well while
I was stopping at the Repelier, but she : never
confided to me anything about, her relatives or
her past. On these subjects she was non-com
mittal. She spoke of a husband who was dead
and once told' me that she was married in Ken
tucky. She claimed to live in New Tork and
said that it was her first visit to the coast.
Mrs. Dr. Duncan, who now lives at
Hanford, but, who Hved for a time-at the
Repelier, was a close friend of the dead
woman. She was interviewed by., tele
phone last. night and said:
The body of Mrs. Moore will be bur'ed
to-day, but the inquest will not b# held
for several days. Coroner Clark of
Stockton hopes by. that time something
will develop that will lead to the identity
of the woman's relatives or friends. :
. Mr. Aust, who wrote to Chief Wittman
concerning Mrs. "Moore's Identity, stated
that she had traveled on the Newport
from New York to this coast by the isth
mian route. On arriving in this city Mrs.
Moore put up at the Occidental Hotel,
according to Aust, who was a fellow pas
senger of the unfortunate woman. After
leaving the Occidental Aust thinks Mrs.
Moore went to- the L'Aiglon, but investi
gation shows that she went to the Repel
ier instead. - ' . .
Mr. Sparrows positively identifies Mrs.
Moore's picture, which was taken at the
Stockton Morgue. He says. he has a-dis
tinct recollection of her face and that, he
cannot be .'mistaken. Captain Seymour
believes, that after leaving the city Mrs.
Moore was forced to sell the rich cloth
ing,- laces and sealskins that she had in
her trunk when, she left the Repelier on
December 11.- He believes that the val
uable sable coat which Mrs. Moore owned
will be found in some of the pawn shops
of this city or Sacramento. ~ ¦
were only, worth $200. In a short time
this money was spent and Mrs.- Moore
was forced to make another call on the
jewelers and dispose of more of her valu
ables. This time" she sold a silver watch
for $5.'.' Mrs. Moore became, a bit confi
dential with Mr. Sparrows and informed
him that she hated to part with the jew
elry. "When it is all gone; 1 ' said Mrs.
Moore, "then I go."
Later the hard-pressed woman was
H forced to part with, an elegant, scarfpm,.
made In the shapeof a deer's, head with
a diamond pendant. This was allowed t<>
go the way of her other possessions as a
last resource. She told the jeweler, that
it belonged to her husband and it was the
emblem of a club of six wealthy men'.of
which" he was a member.
Storekeepers are "again being made the
victims of sneak thieves. While one of
them enters the store and. ge,ts the store
keeper outside on some pretext the others
rifle, the till. A man entered John Mar
shall's tea store, 218 Third street, between
12 and 1 o'clock Tuesday afternoon anl
asked the price of a certain tea. He left
but returned in a few minutes and told
Marshall that a man outside on the side
walk wanted to talk to him.- Marshall
went outside and began talking . to tht
second man. The first man then sneaked
baclc into the store and "opened the. till,
but did not get any money.
The same men evidently, accompanied liy
another, called at Frank Glaser's butch-'
er shop, 203 Second street. One of. them
told Glaser there was something the mat
•ter with the harness on. his horse. Glaser
went out to look at the harness and .when
he ' returned found that" the cash . register
had been opened and $20 In gold stolen. ..
Sneak Thieves Rob Storekeepers
Under- an order issued yesterday by
Chief of Police Wittman, the cubic air
ordinance, which has. been a dead letter
on the statute books for a number, of
years will now be 'enforced. The ordi
nance requires that a human being must
not occupy sleeping apartments contain
ing less than 500 cubic feet of air. and
that that volume must be increased as
many times as there are persons in the
iThe" revival of the ordinance will cau.se
wholesale arrests. Shortly after its pas
sage several years i ago the jails were
crowded with prisoners and extra ac
commodations had to be secured. Nearly
1000 Chinese were taken into custody in
two days and many of them slept on the
roof of • the County. Jail until they se
cured their release.
Chief Wittman discovered by a recent
investigation that the laws of health in
this respect have been flagrantly violated
and that niuch disease has been the re
sult. Jn the Latin quarter, south of Mar
ket street and particularly in the Chinese
quarter the officers have been instructed
to be active. Throughout the section of
cheap lodging-houses, where poor, lods
ers are. packed in regardless of space, the
condition is very unhealthful and the po
lice will give their particular attention to
these places.
Dr. Ge6. Stallman, Dentist, 12) Sutter st*
tricts May Follow Issuance of
Order ' by Police Chief.
Wholesale Arrests in Crowded Dis-
WITTMAN WILL ENFORCE
CUBIC AIR ORDINANCE
The cases of Levin and Olson were,
called in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
and the Judge was asked by the attorney
for the pharmacy board to not punisr.
the defendants if they would agree- that
all poisons of that kind be removed from
their stores. The defendants agreed to
do as requested and the Judge dismissed
the cases. The arrests were made as. a
warning to all storekeepers not to vio
late the provisions of the statute.
The State Board of Pharmacy caused
several arrests last week, -among , those
arrested being I. Levin' of Levin Broth
ers, grocers, and M. P. -Olson of Olson
Brothers, grocers, for violating the pro
visions of the statute recently enacted to
prevent the selling of poison unless* a reg
istered drug clerk is in charge- of the de
partment. The particular poison the gro
cers were charged with selling was wood
alcohol. Statistics show there have been
more deaths in the State recently from
it than from' any other poison. :
Timely "Warning to the
Trade.
State Board of Pharmacy • Issues < a
GROCERS MUST NOT SELL
. . - . ANY. KIND OF POISON
•V^^J^DOW CLEANER KILLED.— Paul Ken
nedy, a window cleaner, died In the City and
County Hospital yesterrtay of Injuries received
December 23 of last year by accidentally fall
ing from a window at 114 Turk street.
Nolan & Co., corner Seventh and Mar
ket, Odd Fellows' building, have moved
across the street to 1308 Market, in the
new Callaghan building. , . • • •
Struck by an Elevator.
William Coops, an elevator operator,
employed at 142 First street, was struck
last night by the elevator and suffered
sv fracture of the nasal, and frontal bones.
He lives at 921 Mission street.
Berry informed newspaper representa
tives that he met Mrs. Hall on the street
and she asked him to carry some of her
bundles home; that he accommodated her
and while in Hall's house was fixing a
leck; that the .husband came in, and
without giving him a chance to explain
his presence assaulted him. Shortly after
Berry left the hospital Bitter came in to
have his wounds redressed. He was ad
vised to place a charge against Hall.
Officer Dow, who is on duty in the vi
cinity, learned of Hall's actions and
placed him under arrest.
Last night Hall found Berry j at "i!s
home and attacked him with an ax. He
struck the latter over the head and in
flicted a number of wounds. Berry went
to a near by drug store to have his
wounds dressed and was advised to go
to the ' Emergency Hospital. He went
there and had four lacerations dressed.
Hall, who is of a jealous disposition, at
tacked both men on separate occasions
because they rendered services to his
wife. On Tuesday night Mrs. Hall vis
ited the oyster-house conducted by Bitter,
and while partaking of a- cocktail in a
private room h€r' husband, came in and
asked Bitter if his wife was in his place.
The Proprietor informed him that she
v/as, whereupon Hall • rushed back and
proceeded to Deat her, it is alleged. Bit
ter, gallantly came to the rescue of the
woman. He tried to separate the pair
and succeeded. Hall became enraged at
the interference, picked up a knife used
in the place and stabbed Bitter in the
head and neck.
Edward Hall, a clerk who lives on the
corner of Linden avenue and Buchanan
street, was arrested last night and
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon. Charles Eerry ( of 407 Clement
street and Edward Bitter, who lives at
the same address, are the cpmplaining
witnesses.
It is alleged by Kudgear ana Merle, who
are minority EtocKholcers in tne com
pany, that the McCormicks have con
spired to secure the profits of the busi
ness by aflopting resolutions at the meet
ing of the ciirectors giving to .themselves
large salaries, whicn, according to the
complaining directors, who receive no pay,
are dividea among the three, share and
share alike. At the present time J: T. Mc-
Cormick, as president ot the corporation,
is tlrav.ing JStSOO a year and his son is ie
ceiving $lS0o a year. Secretary Kudgtar
and Merie seek to have the resolution
providing for the payment of these sal
aries set aside on the ground that they
were illegally passed. They also ask for
en order directing the McCormicks to re
fund the salaries they have received for
the last two years. The plaintiffs also al
lege that a treasurer to control the
moneys of the company has never been
elected and that the McCormicks have
taken advantage of this fact to appro
priate large sums. The plaintiffs further
claim that a loan of ?3000 to the corpora
tion, purported to have been made by Mrs
McCormick, was never made, but that a
note for that amount was made In her
favor In order that she might receive a
large sum as interest.
Two of the directors of the California
Artistic Metal and Wire Company are dis
satisfied with the manner in which the
McCormick family, members of which are
respectively president, vice president and
secretary of the concern, are conducting
the business. They have accordingly
brought suit to secure an accounting and
the restitution of money drawn by the
McCormicks as salaries. The dissatisfied
directors are A. Rudgear and A. Merle.
The defendants in the suit are J. T. Me-
Cormick, his wife. M. A. ALcCormick, und
their son. -tit. John McCormicK. , . • •
Claim That Associates
- . Are Mismanaging
the Business.
Edward Hall Uses Ax on
One and a Knife on
the Other.
The Right Rev. Bishop "W. F. : Nichols,
D.D.. delivered the -last of the course of
lectures at St. Luke's Church, Van Ness
avenue and Clay street, last evening,
which have been given under the auspices
of the Sunday School Commission of, the
Diocese of California. Bishop Nichols
took for his subject "How to Teach Doc
trine" and proved In the course of pro
found and deeply thought out arguments
and demonstrations that the better meth
od to instruct the child in religion was to
reach its spiritual understanding and" In
stinct. The subject of teaching had been
treated in the course of the lectures. and
the main point which had been under con
sideration was the development of the
child mind in the portraiture of the life
of Christ, and In the moral forces -and
capabilities. , .
The lecturer said he had a suspicion
that if a confession were made often
times it would be found that those who
organized for Sunday school work fre
quently went astray from what was ac
tually in mind to accomplish.
The Bishop caused much amusement in
relating a story of a Sunday school class
being asked by the teacher what was
wanted. "Yes," she asked, "what is
wanted?"
Child after child failed to give a satis
factory reply. One suggested that what
Uvas wanted was money. "No, replied
the teacher. Another gave answer that it
was- books that they needed, and again
the teacher replied that books were not
required. At last a young urchin put up
his hand and the class turned toward
him. "Well, my little man, what is
wanted?" asked the teacher. "Brains!"
shouted the boy. \
The reverend lecturer likened teaching
to our great State of California in that
we have an abundance of products, but
we are not able to get them satisfactor
ily to the market. We should dwell, he
said, to some, extent on that which we
have to teach and how best to get it to
market. The matter Bhould be well de
fined, but he acknowledged that. tha dif
• ficulty was to instill it in the minds of
those who are to be taught. He spoke of
tne power of observation in the. child. It
absorbed a great deal of data, and as It
grew older learned tne explanations. It
was most natural for a child to cry "Our
Father!" and from syllables grew- sen
tences and from sentences came the lin
guist to 3tJr the multitude. TVe teach the
child the Lord's prayer from that cry
"Our Father," and the more we teacn it
the more it becomes a living spirit. The
points. upon. which the Bishop dwelt as
requiring explanation and to be impressed
upon the mind of the child were moral
obligation, duty to God, to neighbor and
to self. ¦ ¦•
Discusses Better Meth
ods of Teaching Relig
ion to Children."
DIRECTORS SUE
FOR ACCOUNTING
JEALOUS SPOUSE
WOUNDS TWO MEN
BISHOP NICHOLS
CLOSING LECTURE
Jack Grlgsby, a saloonman who met the
woman known here as Mrs. Aiken and
Ber.iger. was quite positive at first that
it was her body in the Morgue, but has
now. modified his statement to such an
extent as to say the r.esenfblance is only
striking.
De Marsh, who was apparently best ac
quainted with the woman said to be Lyle
Dickey, has not seen her -since her-de
parture shortly after Christmas. During
her .previous sojourn here she called on
him frequently. The : woman he knew
stopped I in lodging-houses. This woman
was undoubtedly familiar with the towri,
as she gave the hackman directions where
.to driyp her on her arrival here, refusing
his suggestion as to the stopping places.
On the other hand the woman who went
to the Imperial Hotel seemed confused at
the depot and made inquiries of a com
mercial man who called at- the morgue
during the evening and said he knew the
dead woman in New York.-
The remains will be .buried to-morrow,
but the date for the inquest is not yet set.
Mr. Sargent, a well known rancher who
knows the Dickey family, says that the
woman in the Morgue bears no resem
blance to any of the members he knew.
The woman whom several parties here
claim was formerly the DicKey girl was
known at the White House as Mrs. Aiken
and at the Courtland lodging-house aa
Mrs. Beninger. While at the latter place
she gave a card party, in which she
printed out her name and address with
artistic flourishes. Between the time the
alleged Dickey woman was here and the
arrival of the woman who committed sui
cide at least three weeks elapsed.
•l"think so, but I am not sure: I want
time ; to-think."' . -% ..'..:.-.'
The visitors were unable to see the
woman's effects, as the deputy who had
the key to the trunks' was i a way.
A man called at the morgue to-night
and said he knew the woman in New
York, but did not know her by name. The
man was accompanied by " two 3 other
stransers.
E. li. Johnson, formerly court reporter
in Sacramento; George Beecher of this
city. Deputy Sheriff McCulloch, A. D.
Marfeh and- hisf wife,- Mrs. M. E." Manley
and many others have positively Identi
fied' the body at the morgue as Lyle
Aiken, formerly Lyle Dickey, of Sacra
mento. The Sacramento authorities say
that Lyle Dickey-Aiken is alive in Sacra
mento. .. - ¦ ¦. ¦:¦¦..-•¦ . i ¦_ P? ".
STOCKTON, Feb. 5.— The body of the
woman suicide now at ' the .Morgue has
been reidentified to-day, by some, as Lyle
Dickey-Alken, and by others ..as Mrs.
Hammond Moore. . ¦'
AV. F. Foster and -Mrs. Foster, keepers
of a hotel In San Francisco at which.' it la
alleged, the woman known as Mrs. Ham
mond Moore stopped, visited the Morgue
this afternoon. They saw the body in the
presence of Coroner. Clark' artdya local
newspaper man. Mrs., Foster was-asked
if it. was the Mrs. Moore she knew- : "and
reolied: " . • • " : .. • . . ' 'r~* v .
tity Puzzles Them.
Remarkable Case of Mistaken Iden-
EfTJRDERED POLICEMAN
; LEAVES HOLOGRAPHIC WILL
Eugene C. Robinson, Whose Estate
Was Worth $5000, Devises It
, to Relatives. ¦
The 'will of Eugene' C. Robinson, the
heroic police, officer, who was killed by
thugs on the night of January 21, wa3 filed
for probate yesterday. It disposes of an
estate estimated to be worth $5100. He
leaves a life insurance policy for $2000 in
the New England . Life Insurance Com
pany and a policy for $1100 in the. Police
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Association to
his mother, Mrs. Mahala Robinson, and
his sister Emma Robinson. - He be
queathes $500 of money In bank to his
brother Walter and to tne latter' 8 chil
dren and to the children of a deceased
sister he leaves $1500. The will is holo
graphic and bears date of June 3, 1899.'
The will of the late George H. Springer
was filed for probate yesterday. He left
a small estate to the Methodist Orphan
age in trust for his three children.
Walter Saunders, who died on the 2d
lnst., left an estate estimated to be worth
$35,000. His • widow Is named a3 sole
legatee. ... -
The fact that' she the Mrs. .Ham
moird 'Moore that came to this city last
Hay and took rooms at the Kepelier on
butter street was established yesterday
atternoon at Stockton when Mr. and Mrs.
Foster, who. own the hosLelry, called at
the SiocKton Morgue .and iucntined the
body. Seveial others who visited the
Stockton. Morgue yesterday Identified the
body as that of Lyle Dickey or Mrs. Scal
ly of Sacramento, but as Airs. Scally Is
alive and well this phase of .ne ease
simmers down to a simple matter or mis
taxen identity. Mrs. Moors evidently
bears a remarkable resemblance to the
woman known as Lyle pickey and Mrs.
Scally and there are a few singular cir
cumstances in connection with the case
which tend to draw the name of. JCyle
DicKey into the mystery. .
While Mrs. Hammond Moore lived at
the Repelier she bore every evidence, ol.
being a woman of wealth. Her clothes
were of the finest make and daintiest
texture; her trunks were filled with smart
gowns and her trinkets were well chosen
and costly; she paid her bills at the hotel
promptly and always seemed to have
plenty of money, but it was all a glitter
ing sham. Broken. down in fortune, Me
unfortunate woman sold nearly every ar
ticle of jewelry she possessed to pay her
bills and keep up appearances. Captain
Seymour learned, last night that Mrs.
Moore, -while living. at, the Repelier, had
sold several pieces of jewelry to. the firm
of Sparrows & Goodenough, jewelers, at
107 Geary street. - • ¦
" Mr Siaf rows called at police headquar
ters last night and produced several re
ceipts signed by. Mrs. Moore upon re
ceiving money from. the firm in the tran
sactions. They correspond to the signa
ture on the register at the Repelier and
the one at the Imperial in Stockton, ex
cept that a well defined effort .to dis
guise the handwriting Is shown. The
signatures on the hotel registers are
i written in a large, bold hand, but the
signatures on the jewelry receipts -are
rather cramped and the individual
strokes of' some, of tha letters in the
signatures are -different, though the gen
eral characteristics of the. hand are
plainly discernible. This is another ex
ample of the hobby the woman, had of
surrounding, everything she did in life
with ap element of confusion.
Sacrifices Her Jewelry.
On September 10 Mrs.' Moore, called on
the jewelers and sold them an old silver
bracelet, two silver stick, pins, one gold
bracelet and a silver neck clasp. For
these articles she .received $13 50. She
called again on September 24 and sold
Sparrows & Goodenough one ring with
eight diamonds In it and another with
five diamonds, a pair of diamond screw
earrings and a diamond scarf pin. The
jewels were costly, but to the jewelers
who had to sell them over again they
Fosters Make Identification.
She was a woman of mystery. That she
came to this coast from New York is
definitely established by Charles Aust in
a letter to Chief of Police' Wittman, but
who her antecedents were or 'where or
how she lived the greater portion of ner
life is a matter .of conjecture, for to the
friends she met in her every-day lire in
this city she confided little of her past.
She spoke of herself very frequently, of
her tiavels and the sights she saw, but
of her relatives, save tne bare mention of
a husband, whose identity she took'very :
good care to confuse, and a nephew whus«
name she never uttered, the woman of
mystery said nothing that" would give the
slightest clew to their "identity. . ;
&-r*-=a HAT the woman who committed ;
I. suicide at the Imperial Hotel in
II Stockton last Friday was the well
: 11 'dressed, refined and well edu-'
cated guest who lived for a time
at the Repelier Hotel. 781 Sutter street,
this city, and who was known there as
Mrs. Hammond Moore, there is no longer
the slightest doubt. In addition to posi
tive identification by people who. knew her
as a guest at the Repelier, other circum
stances have developed in connection with
the ..case which prove"- circumstantially
that she is the same woman. The pecu
liar disposition to confuse and to conceal
her identity just before she made the
fatal plunge into the shadows of death^
crops out here and there in what little Is
known -of her life in this city. She went
by the name of Mrs. Hammond Moore.
That is about all that is known of her
here. ¦ - >••- ¦
STOCKTON PEOPLE CONFUSED.
The representative of the Pullman Com
pany here said to-night that, the records
of the office did not disclose the name of
Mrs. Hammond-Moore as a passenger
booked for the East or, any near by. point.
Mrs. Hammond-Moore registered at the
Capitol Hotel, this city, December 11, re
maining untU the 19th. Detective Fitz
gerald said to-night he had from the ho
tel register here a copy of Mrs. Ham
mond's signature and had described.it to
the officials at Stockton to see if it agreed
with the signature on the register of ths
Imperial at Stockton.
He said certain peculiarities In the con
struction of different, letters agreed.
Mr. . Scally said that a few days ago
he h.v.d. heard that Mrs. Shepley was at
her Eastern home. •
The only possibility of supporting tra
theory that the Stockton suicide is a sia
ter-in-law of Lyle Dickey is that she was
Mrs. Shepley of .Philadelphia. * But 'this
possible support is removed by the posi
tive statement of Mrs. Louis Wagner
that she had received a letter -from Mrs.
Shepley four days ago. The latter was
at her . Philadelphia home when the let
ter was written a few days before.
Mrs. Margaret Dickey, a sister-in-law,
said: "I know Mrs. Scally Is in this city,
for I saw her at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
I do not think she has been out of Sac
ramento for several months." .
znltted suicide. My maiden * name was
Lyle Dicker, but I have not been in
Stockton . within the past two years."
Her Body Is Positively -Identified as that of Mrs. Hammond Moore,- Who
•Lived for Several Months at the Repelier Hotel, in This Gity, and Who
Game Here last May From New Yo/k;City;by Steamer Via the Isthmus
MYSTERY SURROUNDINGS WOMAN WHO COMMITTED
SUICIDE IN THE I MPERIAL HOTEL AT STOCKTON
IS BEING CLEARED UP BY THE AUTHORITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY £, 1902.
/T zvas definitely set
tled yesterday that the
£f zvoman^ who committed
suicide -last Friday at the
Imperial . i Hotel, Stockton,'
zvas Mrs. Hammond Moore,
'who lived for several months
at ; the Repelier Hotel, 781
Slitter street, this city. She
zvas identified by Mr.: and'
Mrs. Foster, proprietors of
the hotel. Captain of-Detec
tives Seymour? learned yes
terday that while, living in
this city and just / before
leaving for Sacramento
Mrs. Hammond' Moore was
forced to part zvith nearly
every article of jewelry she j
possessed to raise money to
live on. ¦¦•,'' ':.'.
Mrs. Scally said to-day: "I cannot un
derstand why or how I should have been
confounded with the woman who com-
The theory that the suicide might have
been a sister of Lyle Dickey, now' Mrs.
Scally, seems to be contradicted by facts
ascertained here. City Detective Fitz
gerald is authority for the statement cor
roborated by Mrs. Louis Wagner and Pat
rick Scally that there were only five girls
in -.he Dickey family, four of whom are
now residing here, the fifth being Mrs.
C. E. Shepley of 1755 North Twenty
sixth street. Philadelphia.
12
KRAGEN'S Snerial
Patent Chair. Divan and Davenport Mj/WVlC*!
FOLDIIVG BED. p|| „^^ f ¦ , n f
1^^^^--^^^^ For a Few Days.
'^V.^5^^^^^^^^^ 20 styles of Bedroom Suits, .
• H??^hS?*5SS^*^m53' V* 20 styles of Chiffoniers,
•^^^-^^^^g^wjHtWty^^ /T 20 styleseof Sideboards,
*^** g *»B^jj#raK» . 20 styles of Extension Tables,
BED CLOSED. ** 20 styles of Parlor Tables,
¦ - * ' i .Will be sold at 25 per cent discount, for
- Jt&^SgS^^jrZ-fi cash. We will sell only one of each style,
so if you desire to get the benefit of this
_ 4^S£%£i£%ifijz*~£r^5^ discount come early and have the entire
•g^£^r^^^^^^^^J?>^n^.j assortment to select from.
l"^3?t This is a 5 enuIne reduction sale and one
vJ^gS^^^^^^^'^^f. J that nas ' never been offered before in San
Jr^ }%&¦ K VAcr&n Furiritupe
bed open. * . rcl S C ** Company,
Cheapest and Btst Folding B?d ; \ 1015-1017 MARKET ST.
'.¦ '¦¦ on Earth. r :^k\ . . Tel. Svuth 371.
LAST DAYS
01 our Winter Sale. We in-
tend making these days very
profitable to buyers.
Here are a- few- of the big induce-
ments we're offering:'..
OQ n for choice of what's leit of reg-
•Ji/C u iar Jl 00 and $1 25^Women"3
Flannel "Waists. .
rn. for choice of what's left of reg-
OiJC uIar 5125 ar»d $1 50 Flannel
Waists.
SQ n for choice, of. a. lot of regular
Oc/C ?2 50 French Flannel Waists. '
Of QO for choice Of a lot of regular
0 /.«Jc/ 53 oo . to $5 00 Women's
Waists, made of best Albatross and
trimmed with Point Venise insertions,
silk embroidered yokes and other new
effects.
Last two lots mentioned are a, little
mussed from handling; otherwise • in
perfect condition, x
Following Specials on Sale To-Day Only
3Q- for regular 75c Women's Flan-
ot * c nel Nightgowns. jj .
99/, for regular 50c Children's Flan-
OO1 ' nel Nightgowns. .- -¦
AK r for regular 75c Children's .Flan-
*Fy£ nel Nightgowns. • ... . ....
Size of Children's Gowns, 2 to 14' years.'
A1 r tor.%1 CO ' a'n.d.. $1.25- Women's
T."* Dressing Sacques; these sacques
are just a little soiled from handling.
fill for $100 'Women's Flannel
v/t» . Flounced -Wrappers, , made - of
hea.vy flannelette, various pretty- and
effective styles, and colorings, in
stripes and figures..^ f< ,..:¦: . , v . , . •
CLOSING but ALL
Rainy-Djy SKirts at 95c, $L50, $?.25
'••and 52.65. t ..' V."
Not a skirt among the lot worth less
than double. -These skirts are elegant-
ly. tailored, made with flounce and-fin-'
Ished with many rows of stitching.
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ?ST; f :
/. u Between Taylor" and Jones./
NEWMAN & LEVtUSON. : ¦''.'¦:¦.
Some Splendid Values
We present to-day, for your consideration, exceptional values
in entirely .new and desirable goods— From this handful of
hints you can catch the drift quite well of what's going on
daily in this always progressive store.
Hosiery Specials
Ladies' fast black hosiery, Ladies'' .colored sillrhose—
with high . spliced heels- and broken lines in exceptionally
double soles— always'-sold at fine qualities, .were originally
25c; we offer them af yi priced- at $2.25 — (H AA
3 pairs for 50c pair ML Special to-day - pair ' v|> 1 .UW
Ladies' lisle thread hose, in Boys', fast black cotton hose,
fancy and black all over, Face heavy- ribbed,' spliced heels,
effects, well worth 50c a pair; double soles and knees, worth
on- sate at OA^ 35c; our price for any^r..
3 pairs for S1.00- pair O^tL size 7 to io, - - pair £JL
Choice Drapery
36 inch Cretonnes in pretty 3S inch Hungarian Cloth—
¦drestien stripes in choices't in prettiest of Bagdad stripes
of colorings — particularly' and Oriental colorings, for
adapted for bedrooom tr. door hangings and couch or
draperies, • - - yard 13C covering, etc., - - yd.-^«-)C
Attractive Black Silks
24 inch Black Peau de Soie,- |« 24 inch Black Satin de Lyon,
worth $1.50— at $1.25 a yard, j worth $1.25— at $1.00 a yard.
Wool Fascinators
• Imported Knitted Fascinators, made of chenille and
wool, mixed — 1 J4 yards long, colors White, Red, Blue C|
and Pink — excellent value at - - - - tyULO
Eiderdown Jackets
Ladies' eiderdown dressing sacques — some have .
collar trimmed with black satin, some with collar . .
prettily appliqued in black, all are neatly finished
with crocheted edges— colors Red, Old Rose, Pink, \1 /£
Blue and Nile Green— extra' good value at - - - Vu(*y
New Embroideries
We are now exhibiting a beautiful assortment of Nainsook,
Swiss and Cambric embroidered edges, inserting, beadings,
all overs and cut out fancy gaioons, also the very latest in
Batiste Embroideries in match sets and allovers— All of which
we are offering at popular prices. -
==fl Kearny and Sutter Sts. |
• Hale's. '•' | : ;., Hale's. * g;
p ¦ — . — ; — — ; : _ —— -o
I Buy Your Valentines and Hava Them Mailed at Hale's. < |
3 — —— ; — ; — — — ?—— — : • — o
Ne\v Foulard Silks
Have chief place in the windows and the store this week.. It's a show of. new
styles worth seeing. / /, . . ' ". . ; •: . .
Creations all new, and air our own— that's why \ve got so manytnore^of
them than we usually do.-
We .knew more women would want them if they could get something
stylish and different from their fnends.
, The Satin Liberty Grounds with their prettv. bright printings are
marked 85c, 91.OO and ?1.25 a yard. %'¦
Bur worthy of particular attention to-day are
Fbullard at 75c.^^
There are hosts of dainty designs and colorings on a fine satin-twilled
ground; 24 inches , wide. v ..•..
Silk and Woo! ~~ 7 ~~
j05ffi&\,- —La** of $2.95 Silk Waists at $1.95.
ftk^^StK —Wool Waists now 7 5c, $1.50, $2, $2. 50, $} 45.
S^^S nts Such prices spell "BARGAIN," with capitals.
xrps.^ Jl f They, may mean a loss to us just now, but we are
/7T0W\ looking to the gain later on. No one likes to see n
\£i£OJ Ji-.ZX ' - *«e cut back ' but " il means a healthier and more
V-^#$W^>^ fruitful one next season we forget the present loss.
/?3*'?M/'l'?'" v v\ We are pruning stocks.
// 8&ifit»S£ \ Thrift y foIks win be Quick to pick up what we are
uhlisattsi , \ loping off..
/ilii . $3.95 Silk Waists $1.95.
I \!>i*3pSy:S^r«' / • They are for small people. If we had all sizes we
I Y^H^^^^V could not think of asking, this price. If you are
\ SJiWSzMbSF lucky enough to wear a 32 or 34 waist you will get a
'\k&&BZ^?sb- rare value. Many colors, but chiefly black. They
'S-/-"' are tucked and hemstitched all over.
/^^v^/tLJ These Wool Waists 75c.
> \\ They're mostly large sizes, blues and helios, with
/tif]fll/^lJnjft<to ncw cu^ s anc * reveres of white flannel with stitched
mMM^I \ These SI. 50 now.
JUJiMHTa French Flannel • Waists—Mostly blues. , with a
nhnH r WT^-M - sprinkling of reds and a few other colors^ It's a
7 ilai •ln^^****yi ! grouping of several pretty waists made in the best
Wpl/ / These' S2.00 now.
\ *lh^^V/ French .- -Flannel Waists— Plaids and stripes, plain
i M(l''P^ :^iH l , backs, gathered fronts; no sizes above ,38 in this lot.
%i*# f *~* ¦~-j&/aT nCS© ti)^.»&O now*
•iT^K^ **- /V T French Flannel Waists — Were $2.95 and $.3.45 ; j
' (I*O™\ "*} : I^y W 2^ polka dots, plaids aftd stripes: all this season's
•Vjfcjw ¦/' """"Tf. ' ' goods and -best styles. Not full lines, so we mark
them at one low price — $2.50.
f[ #1 /§v These S3. 45 now.
' IH&il! lh"-.-»-l X Flannel and Etamine Waists— Pleated fronts. There
ltli''l I- I / / V \ " ' S every c °!° r > but r.ot every size, so' to quickly-
1 1 v'l (•'•I I '>f \ 1 c^ ean out what's left we have marked^lhem $3.45.
I'AV^il*^^ I ' # • Market8treet »T
\ W^»~^l | J ~^£^C*OOn fiostM. I Cata Avenue. J
SPECIAL SALE !
THUBSDAT, FRIDAY. SATUBDA Y
Ranch Eggs, dozen.... 2%.
The very choicest. .*£
Marvelli Macaroni,,,,/^,, So
Spaghetti, Vermicelli and Alphabets.'
The most cleanlv, wholesome, healthy
macaroni In the world. Regularly 18c pk*.
Mrs. Rerer's booklet fr»e. containing:
; more than 60 ways to prepare Maxvelli.
Preserves, jar. ;. . . ... .15c
Oakland Preserving Co.'s
Raspberry. Apricot. Peach
and Crabapple. B*sularly 20c
Lemons, 2 dozen...... 25c
Fancy California Lemons.
Regularly 25c a dozen.
Teas, 6 varieties, lb. . .40c
Latest crop— choice and fragrant.
Regularly 60c.
Brandy, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
Gallon $8.00
Choice 9-year-old ¦ ¦
California Brandy.
Regularly $1 and $1.
Jell-O, 3 packages.... 25c
A delicious dessert Jelly. / \
Lemon, Orange. Raspberry and t \ *rty.
Regularly 10c a pky. \ '* ¦ y»
Figs, 4 lbs .V, i
Choice California White Figs. *>
Regularly 3 lbs 23c. /
Scotdh Whiskey, bot. Sl.OC
•The Struan." a high grade Importe4 \
Scotch "Whisky. Regularly $1.25. ' (
COtTNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. CAT.&.
LOGUE FREE. ',
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE MAP* 8533.
SECOND ANNUAL
AUCTION
05* ABOUT 1000 GSM3 IN
ORIENTAL RUGS
COMMENCING ¦ •
FRIDAY - - - February 7th
10.30 a. zn. and 2 p. m.
HAGBPIAN & CO.,
•230 POST STREET,
Between Grant Avenue and Stockton Street.
A- W. LOUDERBACK. Art Auctioneer
Exhibition To-Day (Thursday).
CATALOGUES.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkatinei Water
SUSO iUtOADWAT. N. T.
Weekly Call.Sl.QO per Yeas
The Very
. Latest jm\
•The accom-
panying' illus- A ragy
t ,r & t i o n J r Sv
shows one of - r V&A
our very la- , r^tel
test Parisian *ejk 1 5l
de signs—. JS» H Y
and. one that // I /
is bound to . I A 8|
delight the //\ ' S\
dash a n c
beauty. We *T**toBEB6S&
have a number of other new designs,
equally as fetching-^some fully as dash-
ing, others more'subdued, but all lovely.
We make them up from accurate meas-
ure, and THEY COST NO MORE
THAN READY-MADE ONES. '
/J < -"¦> tJiDits^^ V
TAILORS
014 Market? St.- 5an Frkncuco