CAUGHT!
Continued on Page Three.
grope for legal obstacles, but the murder
will out. Truth to say, between the May-
true, .'¦ If 'Mahony . ? has* offended "against
charter provision • and' State law, If ; the
Mahony must reckon. He refuses to, be
sworn before the Mayor, and the Mayor's
investigation suffers that handicap.' To
morrow the Grand Jury will be^in an In
quiry. The principal actors. in the. scan
dal and the • agrents of its exposure have
been subpenaed- and there will be no'say
ing nay to the Grand Jury. The County
Clerk may mop his brow and turn- and
twist and double "on his tracks, and his
counsel may interpose , objections • .and
or and the Grand Jury, and with docu
mentary evidence of 'his venality in
istence arid} witnesses- ready .with damn
ing -testimony,- the County Clerk's bed i's
not one of. roses. But. he has made it and
he must lie on it: ' The Call is not a pub
lic prosecutor.^. Its duty, to the public de
manded the : publication of the story, of
Mahony's "illegal acts. If the .County
Clerk has been- libeled he. has . recourse
through : the courts. If - the charges be
important functions of the County Clerk's
office are, under the direction of a "man
who is guilty of felony, the sense of right
and -justice will demand that retribution
be swift and sure. . Crimmlns and Herrin
will not have many to join them j in the
hope that technicality may impede the
wheels "of justice. ' , ' ' \;
Denies Mayor's Jurisdiction.
Attorney Riordan bases his denial of the
"I want your statement abouf this con
tract," the Mayor said to Mahony, and
again urged him >' to '-take' the, oath, but
iuordan refused to permit it.
"I will not say that he did not," said
Riordan, "but he did not sign anything in
violation of the law."
"I will make this statement," said At
torney Riordan, "my client has not
signed any contract in violation of the
law." • V ¦/.:'
"Did he sign the contract specified by
The Call?" asked Mayor Schmitz. ;>?•.
Abe Ruef , the Mayor's attorney, came
in during the discussion and advised the
Mayor that he had authority to proceed.
In answer to the- Mayor's assertion that
if a charter provision had been violated in
the distribution of rewards he surely had
power under the charter to remove the
offender from office, Riordan replied that
such distribution of rewards as per the
alleged contract had not been made.
Riordan explained the grounds of his
objections to investigation by the Mayor.
He said the office was a county office
and its incumbent could not be removed
by the chief, executive of the municipal
ity; and that even if Mahony could be re
moved from office by the Mayor for cause,
the alleged offenses were committed be
fore the election of either "Mahony or the
Mayor and were beyond the range of legal
inquiry by the Mayor. •
"Acting under the advice of my attor
ney," Mahony replied, Jj "I refuse to be
sworn. We do not recognize your Juris
diction in this matter."
! Mayor Schmitz asked Mahony if he was
ready to be : sworn, and held up his hand,
preparing to administer the oath.
Mahony Refuses to Testify..
A little later the manager of The Call
arrived and was admitted to the inner
office.
Mahony and his attorney, Thomas D.
Riordan, were waiting in the outer room
of the Mayor's office when the hour set
for the Investigation— 2 o'clock— came.
Soon after they, were ushered into the
Mayor's presence.
The investigation was in executive ses
sion, and at 4:30 o'clock Mayor Schmitz
sent for the reporters, who were waiting
in the outer office, and informed them
that the investigation had been continued
and would proceed at 2 o'clock this after
noon, when other witnesses would be
present. He said that nothing would be
given out until the conclusion of the in
vestigation, when copies of the steno
graphic report would be furnished the
papers.
accounts of the knowledge that
had come to them of the County Clerk's
disregard of law in his efforts to secure
office. John Flood made lame denial of
remembrance of the now famous ante
election contract, - but , would not state
positively that he ; had not signed such a
contract. Mahony himself refused to tes
tify, acting on the advice of his attorney.
FOR two hours and a half yester
*day afternoon the Mayor's office
was a torture ¦ chamber for Bert
Mahony. .Two witnesses gave
Mayor Schmitz straightforward
Grand Jury Is Another Story.
But there is another host with whom
Mahony doubtless will continue to- deny
the Mayor's Jurisdiction. Mayor Schmitz,
in common with all except the few whose
selfish interests array them with Ma
hony, is evidently convinced .of the Coun
ty Clerk's guilt, for the evidence is con
clusive and Mahony' s course, even in the
absence of positive testimony, would con
vict him before any tribunal where Jus
tice is not both blinded and gagged by
legal technicalities. There is little doubt
that the Mayor will proceed with charac
teristic vigor against the wobbly County
Clerk whose feet have strayed so far
from the path of official rectitude. Ma
hony's attorney will appeal to the courts, •
and If the law's safeguards against pun
ishment of the innocent can be invoked
for the protection of the all but self-con
victed public servant Mahony is likely to
continue for some months to come his ob
noxious direction of incompetent deputies,
who are fast making a muddle of the af
fairs of the living and of the dead that
must become matters of record in the
County Clerk's office.
But Mahony mops his brow and stands
pat, content that the world may think as
it likes, if only he can hold on in sheer
desperation until some legal light can find
a soft spot on which he. and his political
ambitions may fall in a heap.
' Tnvestigaticnr Not Completed. -
The investigation by the Mayor was not
completed yesterday. It will continue
this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Former Coun
ty Clerk Deane will be called upon to
testify, and Mrs. Deane will be asked to
relate what she knows of some of Bert
Mahony' s ante-election pledges to her
husband and his later appeals to the men
whom he had turned down so treacher
ously to spare him the disgrace of ex
posure and to give him a chance to free
himself from the baneful influence of
Crimmlns and Herrin that .he may yet
fulfill his promises to his personal friends.
"A favor to me?" repeated the big
Mayor in stentorian voice, with indigna
tion in every tone. "It is no favor to me.
If I were the County Clerk and were In
nocent of the charges made by The Call
I would have been at the Mayor's office
yesterday demanding a full and complete
investigation, not seeking to evade an in
terview and later denying the Mayor ju
risdiction in the case."
"We deny your authority to invest!-,
gate charges of ante-election miscon
duct," said Riordan, "and with all due
deference to your position my client will
refuse to be sworn. We are here simply
out of respect to your office, as a favor
to you."
Mahony and his attorney, Thomas D.
Riordan, responded to the subpoena and
appeared before Mayor Schmitz yesterday
afternoon, but on the advice of Riordan,
Mahony refused to be sworn or to make •
any statement. .
that if proven mean dismissal
from office, disgrace and possibly the fel-'
on's cell.
BERT MAHONY, County Clerk,
denies the authority of the
Mayor to investigate charges
against his official integrity, and
prefers to rest under accusations
Grew Agitated When
Told of His Bond
-of Shame/
Hearing of Evidence
Will Continue
To r Day*
County Clerk Tries
to Suppress the
Story.
Schmitz Says Accused
Is Not Conveying
a Favor.
COUNTY CLERK MAHONY DENIES AUTHORITY OF MAYOR
TO INVESTIGATE HIS ALLEGED MISCONDUCT AND REFUSES
TO TESTIFY OR DENY EXISTENCE OF DEANE CONTRACT
Continued on Page Three.
County Clerk Mahony stands accused by this paper of having' committed a
felony in signing a written pledge to appoint William A. Deane , his chief
deputy and four or five of Deane's. personal friends to: positions; of responsibil
ity in the County Clerk's office . in ' consideration' of the retirement of . Dea'ne as
an opposing candidate for the nomination of County Clerk/ In^ -signing; this
agreement County Clerk Mahony under /the laws of committed a
felony and under- the provisions of : the municipal -charter in offense. ;|Under
one he is subject to the punisHment which the commission of^ a:;feloriy}involves
In answering this official demand to' vindicate his personal honor and
clear his skirts of the deeply, significant accusations of irresponsibility arid- crime,
County Clerk Mahony did not even accept the privilege granted to every ac
cused person who stands either before the bar of public opinion or of a court.
He did not have the hardihood to plead not guilty, but through- his attorney
took the extraordinary stand that whatever he did, criminal or .otherwise,
fore his induction into office, is not a subject of "legitimate^inquiry- "by ;the
Mayor of San Francisco
San Francisco to answer the grave charges which The Call has made
against him. More, remarkable than this fact was the position taken by the
County Clerk,, who stands discredited under a weight of suspicion; and accusa
tion which *he dare not deny. .¦¦' ;=,;/ ; . . ¦
ONE of-the most remarkable scenes ever witnessed in this city took.
* place yesterday afternoon in the office of Mayor Schmitz when Coun
ty -Clerk A. B. Mahony was summoned by the chief .magistrate 'of
Mayor Schmitz made every endeavor yesterday to induce County Gefk
Mahony either to affirm the truth of the accusations or to deny them. The
County Clerk to be sworn. He insisted that his act's of whatever char
acter.were riot of investigation by the ' Mayor and concluded with the
impudent /proposition that he is, as far as the chief executive of this city is
concerned;! above "criticism or censure. Notwithstanding this unusual . attitude
of the County Clerk, Mayor. Schmitz pursued his inquiry and from other wit
nesses learned .•¦ that the County Clerk had signed an incriminating ante-elec
tion compact identical' in provisions -as The i Call has declared, U.
j:;;Y'^:Thejinquiry <; will i beTesumed,to-dayv' and to-morrow the Grand Jury, aroused
to vigorous /'action by 'the; gravity of Hhe affair, will begin an t independent in
: vestigation: - -^Arid during [all ¦.! of this County Clerk ; Mahony 'stands doubly dis
credited before 'the people 'of 'this city; v He has appeared before' a magistrate
of competent 'authority and; in the face of accusations: .which stain his personal
arid official honor has refused to deny the charges.- He has sought to delay the
inevitable ]; effect '.of his ante-election compact, by concealing himself behind the
barriers:6f ; a court's delay.. He has met the most serious assault upon his per
sonal and professional! honesty! by declining to meet •.! this attack upon him arid
The' Call again asks ;him in; the name' of public; decency to prove that it has
either. - ' un justly , maligned him or to; admit that : he ? is what The Call character-^
izes -Him"; a, man unfit to hold ! public of^
rnunity, arid a <type of authority which is distinctly, an evil to this; city".
and under,- the.^other he has made himself: liable to summary removair"
COUNTY CLERK MAHONY DEFIES ANY
MUNICIPAL CRITICISM OF HIS ACTS
' The determination of the Secretary to
send the flagship to the South Atlantic
shows that he . will shortly select a flag
officer to command this station. Rear
Admiral E. M. Shepard is mentioned
among those In the Secretary's mind for
thie place. In assigning the Iowa to the
South Atlantic' Secretary Long has pur
sued a policy of having a battleship on
every. American naval station. The Ore
gon was In Asiatic waters ; until the Ken
tucky arrived.. The Wisconsin Is on; the
Pacific station. The Illinois has been se
lected for service in Europe. Four battle*
ships are in North American wat«nk
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— Secretary
Long will order the battleship Iowa to
round Cape Horn and assume duty as the
flagship of the South Atlantic squadron.
The Iowa is .now In Chilean waters. The
Argentine press may resent her appear
ance in Argentine waters because of the
speech Captain Perry; commanding the
battleship, is alleged to have made, In
which he predicted .a victory for the
Chilean navy in case of war.
of the South Atlantic
Squadron.
Famous^ War Vessel to Be Flagship
BATTLESHIP IOWA
WILL ROTJND THE HORN
Relatives of Captain Mclntyre . residing
here have abandoned all hope. that he
reached one of the numerous Islands and
have given him up as lost. Because of
the information they have received rela
tive to the conduct of the crew and which
they refuse to make public at present they
will a rigid investigation of tho
wreck by the Canadian authorities. They
declare that sensational developments will
be brought out.-
The greatest confusion prevailed when
the vessel struck and it was "every man
for. himself." If such had not been the
case all would have been saved.
One member of the crew 13 reported to
have said in Ketchikan that Captain Mc
lntyre had gone Into fcls room to get his
bird and dog. When he came out tha
crew had taken to the boats. This sailor
made a rush and succeeded in getting
into one of the boats and thereby saved
his life. That was the last seen of those
who remained on the BristoL
Seaman's Account of Wreck.
Captain Wallace further declared that
he could . not decide, from the various
stories, when the vessel struck, so ha
cruised around the various reefs and at
no place could he find wreckage or any
thing to indicate a disaster. The weather
was clear and with glasses he could dis
cern anything a distance of ten miles.
When the boats were rescued by tho
Cottage City Mate Smith gave an account
of the mishap differing from the one he
related at Ketchikan, where the survivors
were landed, and while in this city ha
gave several versions of the disaster to
relatives . of Captain Mclntyre and to
newspaper men. Captain Wallace says
that when he 'picked up the crew no two
of the men told the same story relative
to the last moments on board the Bristol
before they deserted her, and not one of
them could give an intelligent account a»
to the place. where the vessel struck.
When the survivors arrived here Chief
Officer Smith said that the seven men
were preparing to launch a lifeboat when
the last survivors lett the wreck. Accord
ing to the reports brought by the Cottage
City the Bristol carried only four boats
and a small skiff and either one of the
large boats would have carried the entiro
crew of twenty-eight men. It is the opin
ion : of Captain .Wallace I of , the Cottaga
City that as soon as' the vessel struck
there was a general scramble for the
boats. The first boat to leave contained
fourteen men, the second five and the
third only two, leaving seven men to lower
the big lifeboat, which was turned bot
tom up and securely lashed to the deck.
Before it could be lowered the ship went
down, carrying the unfortunates with It.
Conflicting- Stories Are Told.
The statements of Captain Wallace of
the Cottage City throw new light on the
manner in which Captain Mclntyre and
other officers of the Bristol met death
when that vessel crashed on the rocks
near Dixon entrance on January 2.
PORT TOWNSEND, Jan. 15.— The death
of Captain James Mclntyre, Pilot Roberts,
Chief Engineer Vivian, Third Engineer
Edwards, Oiler Hurlbut, Second Steward
Roemer and Joseph Silva of the steam
ship Bristol was due to the cowardice of
the crew, who took all the available
boats and left these seven without means
of escape. This is the substance of the
stories told here to-day by the captain
and seamen of the steamship Cottage
City, just arrived from the north.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Her Master Declares Not a Soul
Should Have Been Lost In the
Wreck of the Coal-Laden
'. ¦ Steamship.
Cottage City Brings Sensa
• tional Accounts of the
Disaster.
Seamen Abandon Cap
tain Mclntyre and
Six Men.
AVAILABLE
BOATS ARE
ALL TAKEN
COWARDLY CREW LEAVES OFFICERS TO PERISH
O N THE FAST-SINKING STEAM COLLIER BRISTOL
COLOMBIAN
GOVERNMENT
AIDS REBELS
Permits 1 Venezuelan In
surgents to Land at
Savanilla.
Believed to Be in Sympathy
With' Movement Against
Castro.
Xhxplicity of the Caracas Officials in
Refusing M. Secrestat a Uand
ing "Will Cause Action
by Trance.
COLON; Colombia, Jan. 15.— The steamer
tibertajdor, the vessel being used by Gen
eral Matos of Venezuela In the revolution
against President Castro of that coun
try, arrived at Savanllla, Colombia, Jan
uary 12, with General Matos on board.
Upon disembarking General Matos took
the train for Barranquilla, seventeen
miles distant. It Is believed in some quar
ters here that the Colombian Government
is in sympathy with the operations of the
Libertador.
The Government has purchased the
steamer Chucuito, belonging to the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company. Artillery
from the Colombian gunboat General Pin
zon will be mounted on the Chucuito,
which is a little bigger than the Liberal
gunboat Darlen.
Eight Shots Across Bows.
Three hundred of the men brought here
yesterday from Savanllla by the Pinzon
proceeded to Panama to-day.
A small sailing vessel, which has just
arrived at Panama, reports that the
Liberal gunboat Padilla fired eight shots
across her bows while she was at sea,
but that she was permitted to proceed to
her port in the Department of Cauca.
The Colombian Government has cabled
'dsr^TrJi Alban. ifce'-mflUaTy-comsiander of
this district, that it is about to send him
SO00 men from Buena Ventura, on the Pa
cific Coast, should he require them.
France Has Fresh, Grievance.
"vTILLiEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Jan.
15.— The Venezuelan Government yester
day, after much loss of time, allowed all
the passengers but one, M. Secrestat Jr.,
to land at La Guayra from the French
line steamer St. Laurent, from Bordeaux,
by way of Santander, December 17. M.
Secrestat is the son of the French mer
chant who obtained a lease of the estates
in Venezuela belonging to General Man
uel A. Matos, leader of the revolution
against President Castro, and he was on
his way to Caracas In order to enter for
mal protest against the seizure of the
estates In question by the Venezuelan
Government, In spite of the f act that the
transaction had been legally recorded.
This refusal to allow M. Secrestat to go
ashore, though the French Consul at
Caracas received from the Venezuelan
Minister of Foreign Affairs a written
pledge that M. Secrestat would be allowed
to land without any difficulty, has resulted
In energetic protests on the part of the
Consul, who has referred the matter to
his Government. The pretext on which
the landing of M. Secrestat was forbidden
is that he may have conferred with Gen
eral Mates
Greeted by Mlcaraguans.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 15. via
Galveston. — President Zelaya gave an
elaborate reception at Corinto to-day In
honor of Presidents Regalado of Salvador
and Sierra of Honduras and General Mo
lina, the Minister of War of Guatemala,
who have arrived at that place on the in
vitation of President Zelaya to hold a con
ference in conjunction with representa
tives of the other Central American re
publics looking, as declared, to the preser
vation of peace In those states. Thousands
of natives of Nicaragua were present at
the function. \ r :.''±'[
TB0OPS KHXED BY MISTAKE.
Engaged in Battle.
Two Bodies of Government Soldiers
COLON', Jan. 15.— News of a serious
mistake in which a force of Government
troops fought another body " of Govern
ment sellers, thinking it was composed
of Colombian revolutionists, has bten
brought here by the Colombian warship
Genre 1 I'inzon.
The -mistake happened In the vicinity of
Dibullo, near Rio Hacha. and It resulted
in eighteen men being killed- and sixty
three wounded.
Captain Merrttf of the General Pinzcn
says that that vessel landed 400 men in
Dlbullo to drive back the Insurgents. The
revolutionists retreated toward Rio Ha
cha when the Government, troops . ad
van ro«i. Jt was decided to divide- the
C'cvermnent forces into two bodies in
order to capture the rebels. One of these
met ihe rebels and after a"j sharp en
gagement the insurgents retreated.
The other body of Government troops
then came up, having heard the firing,'
and the mistake followed. Thinking that
it was opposed by rebels, each force
started firing. The fight was kept .up for
four hours, when General Foliaco discov
ered the mistake and stopped the battle,
which had been evenly contested.
Chinese Murderer Escapes.
ILWACO. Wash., Jan. 15.— Lum You, a
Chinese sentenced to be hanged on Jan
uary 31, escaped from the South Bend
Jail yesterday and is etill at larg-e.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY; JANUARY ¦ 16,; 1902.
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 47.
The San Francisco Call.Coast.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 15.— W. H. Schmidt,
a representative of the Wireless Tele
phone ' and Telegraph Company of Phila
delphia, is in the city to examine the con
ditions and report to-tfae home company
on the proposition of erecting a wireless
telegraph station on Point Loma. He
eays that his company proposes to • have
lour stations on this coast, one here, one
at or near Los Angeles, one at Ban Fran
cisco and the fourth on the Sound.
B - >
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 15. — Eugene Connell
1 City Auditor and Recorder of San Rafael, was
Ftrlcken to-night with appendicitis. To-mor
row he will be removed to the Lane Hospital
In San Francisco to undergo an operation.
Philadelphia Company to Establish
Four Stations on the Pacific
WIBELESS TELEGRAPHY
FEOM POINT LOMA
Years Old.
GILROY, Jan. 15.— Mrs. M. Castro, wife
of Joaquin Castro, is dead. Mrs. Castro
was S6 years old and a native of Califor
nia. Mr. and Mrs. Castro were probably
the oldest married couple in the State,
having lived together for nearly eighty
years. They had several generations of
children, grandchildren and great-grand
children. Mr. Castro is now 98 years old
and very f eeble. ;-;<>'-
PASSES AWAYATSIHEAGE
OF ALMOST A CENTU&T
Krs. Castro of Gilroy Is Survived, by
a Husband Ninety-Eight
ALTURAS, Jan. 15.— Progress was rapid |
in the trial of James W. Brown, the al
leged Lookout lyncher, to-day, despite the
fact that during part of the morning ses-.j
sion and late in the afternoon much of i
the time was taken up by wrangling be- |
tween the lawyers and the settlement of |
their differences by the court, . Attorney
Raker for the defense was unusually
provocative to-day, and the fact *that
Judge Harrington refused to permit him
to croEs-exami'ne Witness Claude Morris
did not improve his 'frame of mind. Mor
ris proved to be a straightforward wit
ness, answering the questions put to him
promptly and with apparent certainty as
to his ground. ..*...,
Governor Gage is evidently very anxious
regarding the ability of -the officials of
Modoc County, to preserve peace and
quiet, as he has wired Sheriff Street.ask
ing if troops are necessary.^ Street -.has
replied In the negative. There are no out
ward indications of any pending.disturb
ances here.
John Hutton was recalled to the stand
this morning. Spencer for the defensa say
ing he wished to ask a few more que«
.tions. Replying to. them,' Hutton said that
so far as he knew no one joined the body
of lyncbers during the march from the
schoolhouse to the hotel, where the pris
oners were confined, arM that the lynch
ers did not unmask before separating. As
Hutton was leaving the stand Raker re
"Suppose Mr. Hutton.be allowed to go
when and where he pleases now?"
"He always has been," said Post.
The defense has asserted^ many times
that Hutton was restrained of his liberty
and kept under guard. Raker's remark
drew • thunder from the clouds ana a
stormy session of the court followed.
Morris Takes the Stand.
Th« direct examination of Claude Mor
ris, the self-confessed murderer of Calvin
Hall. James Hall, Frank Hall, Daniel
Yantis and Martin Wilson, was ; then
Raker objected to Morris*. being allowed
to take the stand, on the ground that
Morris was a cpconsplrator and therefore.
taot entitled to testify. The objection was
overruled. Raker remarked that every
time the defense made an objection the
court silenced counsel before the objec
tion was completed. Judge Harrington
said :
"Raker, you hush or you'll get it."
"Get what. Judge?" asked Raker.
"I'll put you in jail, that's what." r
His Honor referred to the defense, and
Raker in particular, as the '-irascible
counsel," at:d said: . .•
"Raker, I'll give you anything on Gods
earth if you ask for it, if it's within the
law." " ' ¦ ¦ ,
Raker told Deputy Attorney General
George Sturtevant to proceed with the
witness. ¦ ; - _ '¦*
"Thank God," exclaimed Sturtevant,
and Raker retorted:
"Thank some one nearer to you— some
closer friend." • ¦
Morris was asked as to his acquaintance
and Intimacy with certain members of the
lynching party. To all of such questions
the defense objected and was' overruled.
Raker objected on the grounds that the
statements of the witness were in direct
contradiction to the evidence previously
given, and that his testimony was given
under the promise or the hope of Immu
nity from punishment. •..¦ -^
Morris told of the meeting at Trow
bridge's store, of James Brown's (the de
fendant) invitation to him to join in the
lynching party and of his refusal at first
to take part in it Later he accepted the
proposition on the statement of Brown'
that there had been many lynchings with
out the participants being punished.
Raker objected to every question and said
that the defense entered objections so that
the court would not - say later that cer
tain lines of testimony had not been ob
"You're granted your objections, by all
that's heavenly!" exclaimed the court.
Corroborates Huttbn's Story.
Raker later objected on the ground that
Sturtevant was asking questions in a
manner to "educate the witness" and the
court ruled that 2 the prosecution must
frame its questions in a different man
ner. , - "
Amid many objections, Morris told of
the meeting at the schoolhouse, substan
tially -as it had been described by' Hutton,
his co-conspirator. The court overruled
all the objections and remarked : that
Raker was not happy unless he injected
bile and venom into every tHing he had to
say. Raker called attention to the great
similarity of language used by Hutton and
Morris, the latter' s answers to some ques
tions being exactly as given by Hutton. •
When it came to the testimony regard
ing the wagon spokes brought in by the
country party, for the town party on
the night of the lynching, the prosecution
ordered the clerk to bring In a handful of
wagon spokes. This brought forth strenu
ous objection from the defense on the
ground that the court was allowing the
prosecution to bring in illustrative evU
dence in the face of the denial of the .ap
plication of the defense to bring in evi
dense of a similar nature. Raker said
that the witness .would .testify to'any
thing suggested by the prosecution. Judge
Harrington arose from his chair and ex-
RakerV incurred; the displeasure ' of -the
court by objecting to.the court suggesting
a question. The Judge said: ', . :
..."I- have a commitment prepared
against you and the first thing you know
I will send you to jail ' for the full extent
of the law— five days.'.' $ .-¦:¦ \ .;...-
Spencer asked' Morris if he . remembered
certain testimony * that he had given in
court last week, to which the prosecution
objected, saying that -the record was the
best evidence as to what the witness had
testified and that the 'record should be
j read to' him.'.-. Raker declared' that Morris'
testimony- then ; was - diametrically', oppo
site to his testimony on the stand to-day.
Spencer, claimed, that, a > reading of the
record to him would be for the education
of the witness. ; . ; .' . ., : - .-, ¦; ••'
¦;. The -court ..ordere'd Spencer to proceed
on some other ; line and ordered ;, the re
porter to supply, the defense by to-morrow
morning with the transcript of that por
tion of Morris' evidence into which it
.wished 'to inquire. ' •¦¦• ' ¦ ' :
. Raker . caused another • disturbance ¦ by
asking: "Won't the witness be all fixed
up by to-morrow morning?"
'.The. court ordered him to'- stop making
such offensive. remarks. ''-'-*--'.
. . Morris was . asked if the men : hanged
were his enemies *- He replied "No," and
said that Calvin Hall was a friend of his
father's. . He was asked if it jarred him
to - participate • in ; the hanging, to , ¦ which
question an objection was made and sus
tained... .::.':... .:.....:.. ..-..'. " "i '.¦ ; .C---w?
. "Did you make your statement with the
same indifference - that : you hanged -the
men?"-' he was asked. '*• ¦ . '
"No; sir; I . did not," was his \ reply. - .'.
..This question was objected to and Spen
cer , said : <. "If a , man has ¦ no . regard for
life, . he . has - no 4 regard : for truth ; that's
why we ask.^' '• '¦¦¦¦¦:¦/.. •;••. ' ¦ ¦ '•;¦¦'
•. "If it required' so 'little, persuasion .to
hang Qye men, 1 : Spencer asked, .^would it
require- any, more ¦ to make .'a statement
that might hang five " other men— your
friends ? r ' t - ; ¦' ¦': .':•¦.•';•¦' .-¦ .-¦-"•¦ -' V,
- ¦ This was objected to. . Judge - Harring
ton called Spencer's attention to the fact
thathis query was not proper lna'cross
examination; that it had a subtle sophis
try., in r it- and was ambiguous. ¦:.:¦¦¦- *:
Judge ¦ Harris here . aroused himself and
became ; somewhat abusive; and -. was > or
dered- from the courtroom, ' the . court^re
marking :,.•../-:_,.;,..- .;.! „•,¦';.-' ,.: \ •..;.-'
H"When you come into court again, come
In_without ; any whisky,' in you." ,
• Harris . was ;' ponducted from the room
by :the> Sheriff. .;-- '•,.:' : >.':^.:Ji>.
V ' Spencer,; claimed i that ' the - witness'.was
not . answering questions In the - proper
manner. , The ¦ court replied that'theiWit- ;
ness; had -answered the iquestifcns put. t6
him properly and precisely, v . ,- ;
I .Before adjournment for, the day,; Raker
made an application to \ release from. the
Custody of the Sheriff the following -men:
Fred Roberts, Harry. Roberts," E." S.lTtow
bridge.-'J."O.fMyers, R. W. Nichols, Claude
Marcus i and ; Joe ,-Leventon.' ¦ : These j men
are c held \ on : warrants , and : commitments
ana have not; yet been accorded a.'prelim
inary : examination:^. For. . this ,reason» an
.application ; for v their ; release ".was '. made."
Habeas .corpus -proceedings- are : threat-"
;ened: : -' -:i; . - ; •.-. X ••...'.,,"";- " : ; -.• '¦ ¦'¦ , " ¦ : ' J - " .• - v
, v; Ati' incident that ; occurred during » the
examination of Morris to-day ; may -'lead
to-, serious \ trouble.". Morris," 1 in - testifying
that * he ' had made his • confession - at ~ 5
o'clock ; in the morning. > explained. that". he
had i been^ aroused by . Durf ee,: a'. friend \ of
the prosecution,; shortly -before ithatjhour
and escorted' to Post's bedroom." ; A- young
. woman " stenographer 'was v there to • take
down i the 'confession. '-After .rthis y< testi
mony had ' been given | Spencer, twice made ,
scurrilous ' remarks r : regarding: the : pres
ence : of \ the '. young lady, in"the;room^.To
night j these remarks were ; the talk : ot the
town. " It ! Is . believed « they - will not ; be per
mitted'; to" pass .,; unchallenged, > and it is
expected that an apology will be demand
ed ; of : the attorney. . H9f
NE of the most attractive wed-,
1 1 \V dings of the season was that of
(I II Miss, Jennie McLaughlin, daugh-
ter of Armour McLaughlin of the
National Brewing Company, .' to
Samuel A. Clarke at St. Stephen's Church
last evening. The Rev. Mr. Lion per
formed, the ceremony.- Miss Anita Fer
guson was maid of honor and Miss Lottie
McLaughlin and Winnie Beal. brides
maids. George W. Downey was best man
and Dr. J. W. Likens and.M. J. Lindsay
ushers. The church was handsomely
decorated in evergreens and pink carna
tions, f After the ceremony at the church
a wedding supper, was served at the resi^
dence of the bride's parents at 716 Grove
street, to which about sixty relatives and
friends were- invited. A most enjoyable
reception was held. The wedding presents
were, numerous and elaborate. ¦ : ' ;.. 3 - v
The bride was gowned in a, white crepe
de chine over, white £ ; taffeta. - The
bodice, had yoke and sleeves of Chantilly
lace, edged with pleated ruffles" of crepe.
The skirt was paneled with Chantilly lace
and. the train was formed of pleated ruf
fles of' the crepe and chiffon. She carried
a bouquet of lilies of the .valley, veiled
with tulle. Her veil was caught .with a
spray of orange blossoms. .
The "maid of honor wore a ¦.'> gown • of
white point d'esprit over white taffeta,
eppliqued in duchess lace. ;" ',
The bridesmaids wore dresses of white
point- d'esprit over pink taffeta.
The maid of honor and bridesmaids car
ried shower bouquets of pink baby roses
tied with pink tulle. . : ,
The young couple are very popular, in
Masonic circles. Both aref members of
California Chapter of the /Eastern Star,
in which Miss McLaughlin is associate
conductress. • f •-..;':.
. The groom is at the present time wor-
shipful master of Golden Gate Lodge of
Masons, a member of California Chapter,
Royal Arch - Masons, California Com
mandery, Knights Templar, an, active
member of the . drill | corps of the com
mandery and • a member ¦ of Islam ¦ Temple
of .the Mystic Shrine. Mr. Clarke is with
the William duff Company, wholesale
grocers. ¦•-. " - • ¦
' After a short trip to Monterey Mr. and
Mrs. Clarke will take up their residence
in this city.
citedly told Raker he must not. call . the
witness a liar. ' - ¦
"I am not; calling: him a liar,", said
Raker. . -
"You're doing more-vou're calling him
a perjurer," said Post. •
Morris then told of the party marching
from the schoolhouse to the hotel and the
lynching: of . the prisoners with but . few
variations from the story as told by Hut
ton.
Baker Fails. to Break In.
When the afternoon : session began.
Spencer requested - the ' court to .permit
Raker to take up .the. cross-examination
of Morris, as Raker's peculiar knowledge
of the case best fitted him in the defense
of his client, James. W. Brown. Judge
Harrington denied the request, saying he
had excluded Raker from cross-examina
tion. Raker remarked that he could" not
conceive why , the court should - attempt
to : control the defense and asserted his
belief that the court had no authority to
designate as to who should examine a
witness. - ' "^ -
Spencer took up' the examination : and
at once made an application that the tes
timony of the witness be stricken out,
as he was - a conspirator. , The - applica
tion-was denied and an exception . taken.
Spencer inquired as to the . character, and
relations between . the. father • of -Morris
(since deceased) and -Mr. * TTowbridge at
the time of the Jynchlng.v This :: fact
brought out that the two, men were very
unfriendly and that the witness partici
pated in the -enmity; 1 " which*.' was occa
sioned by business differences. .. ¦•' - "-'-..•'.
• Later Morris was asked whether he had
made * arrangements for a ' room at \ the
Grand Central Hotel, had paid his bill at
the hotel or had made « any ! arrangement
regarding its pay, to which he ; replied
"No,"-- but .that he ; expected; to" pay his
bill. These questions ¦ were : objected to
and Spencer said: •'¦' "••.'
"We desire to show that the- witness Is
here without any, expense to himself." ','-
Morris said that - he and '¦¦ Hutton . had,
their meals served in their' room because
they ¦ feared .: that : some one ; "would ¦ shoot
them if they went to the -public > dlnlnjj
room.: -¦¦¦-¦' -';'.-.¦ •; •¦. ¦¦ '.- , ¦...,:¦ ;-, .- •'¦¦¦<;,; -'-"
K In answer to . vthe • interrogations : 'of
Spencer, Morris .' said that - he had - seen
Rev. Mr. Simmons; who was reported 'to'
have aided in securing the, confessions of
Hutton and Morris,; butson^e ~Blnce;.'hiS'
last arrival in Alturas, and that Simmons
had not talked ' to • him regarding , the case."
He was asked.lf.Jn the presence' of his
mother in the hotel, he hadhnot raised
his hand and. said: •.•'So ; help':me^God;f I
don't ' know ¦'¦ anything^ about-' the '<¦ lynch
ing." ";. Morris .replied. >he .had not; made
i that or any similar statement. v '
Loud obfectlon, was made to qusstiohv
Ing on this line, on -the ground, that '-the
defense was endeavoring .to ¦ impeach the
witness.:" -'The - question -was r askedVin
three - or . four d Iff er ent • "ways. • ' Morris •¦ dlcl
say, however,; that he had told his mother
that ' he had no statements to make .until
he went before the' Grand rJury.". He: was
asked if ¦ he had. ever talked' with any. one
about the case •" and .* he r, replied ¦ !'No ."
whereupon ¦ the . counsel \ inquired as.': to
how he had come to make a signed;state
ment. ¦¦;;. Morris : declared ' that he. had vol
unteered to make f a statement? to .'Attor
neys Post ¦ and Boyd * on ; the ' evening ¦! hi
his : arrival at : Alturas * and • that', he ¦ had
commenced the recital, of the; events-con
cerning' the lynching some ¦> time rafter" 5
o'clock the • next morning.-; the -, statement
being taken down by. a stenographer."; He
was asked if he had tread it feince and re-
plied "Nary a time.'.' : . ;
,-CoiiTt "Warns Attorney. . u
' During-". ; this . part Z of ' '¦ the ; examination
Officers Seak Assignment..
German naval officers are eager for as
signments to accompany Prince Henry to
the United States and many young noble
, men are bringing influence to bearto ob
tain appointments for this duty. The list
of possible - appointments is already sev
eral times larger than' the suite which can
be sent with Prince Henry. This pressure
to secure places may -cause the Prince s
suite to be enlarged. The lack of accom
modations for a ¦¦¦¦ number of persons on
board the Hohenzollern is the real reason
-why Prince Henry does not sail on the
imperial yacht. .'. ; f -¦',",
: Emperor William has occasionally told
Americans' that he would like to visit the
United States and he still desires to do
so But there is not the least probability
of his gratifying this desire as reasons of
state imperatively forbid his leaving Ger
many for the period of time required to go
to the United States, Just as the duties of
President Roosevelt would prevent him
from visiting Germany. . ; - \
. Embassador Is Notified.
WASHINGTON, Jan.. 15.— Dr. von Hol
leben, the German Embassador at Wash
ington, to-day received a cablegram from
Berlin giving the dates of arrival and de
parture of Prince Henry, and a list of the
party who will accompany * him to the
United States. Prince Henry will arrive
on the Kron Prinz Wilhelm on February
22 and will sail for Germany on the Ham
burg-American liner .Columbia March :8.
He will be accompanied by Hofmarschall,
Vice : Admiral von Seckendorff ' and two
aids-de-camp, ¦ Lieutenant I Commanders
Schmidt von Schwind and Von Egidy.
His chief physician will be Dr. Rench.
Herr von Tirpitz, the German Secretary
of State for the Navy, with his aid-de
camp, ; Lieutenant '•'¦ Commander" von Tro
tha, will also accompany the party. Em
peror .William will send his adjutant gen
eral, General von Plessln, Captain of the
'Navy von- Mueller and •' Von Grumme,
aid-de-camp to the Emperor. . Prince
Henry .will have his ¦ own retinue of ser
ants and each of the gentlemen of the
party will bring his own ' valet.
Secretary Long to-day called Rear Ad
miral Robley D. Evans into consultation
respecting the coming visit to. the United
States of Prince Henry of Germany. The
rear admiral has not yet been given writ
ten \ orders detailing him i to act- as the
representative of . the navy at the recep
tion,% but . that matter has been : agreed
upon, and Secretary Long to-day charged
Admiral . Evans with .the preparation of a
naval programme -for the reception. In
view of : the number of distinguished offi
cers-who are now reported- to be about to
accompany, the Prince ¦ on his visit, It is
evident - that Admiral , Evans I will require
the assistance of .a number of Junior, offi
cers: •' They will ! be . detailed as occasion
requires.
. -' So far the State Department is not offi
cially advised of the approaching, visit of
¦the ¦ Prince, . hence it has done nothing
toward arranging ¦;• a programme > for ' his
reception and- entertainment.
S NEW .YORK, Jan. ' 15.— Mayor Low . has
taken up 'the ; consideration . of . plans for
the reception of Prince Henry of Prussia.
He announced to-day- that he would name
a \ large and representative committee- of
leading citizens to arrange' for -the wel
come * of - the ; distinguished • visitors. > In
case. the Prince comes here by steamer, a
pier .will be specially; reserved as a land
ing place. • ' ¦- .¦ "'¦.--¦ ~ - ¦ ' -. ;¦ .--¦-,
' •, LONDON.' Jan. - 15.— The Candid FTiend,
a weekly.* newspaper,:; claims to. be ; in." a
posttion. to make :the announcement that
should Prince .Henry's visit to the United
States be. as successful as expected, Em
peror .-William ; himself .^will visit America
in the : autumn ¦ with • the Hohenzollern and
a large escort of, warships. '•;-.- ••••-;: .
¦ ¦ :• ¦ >-' ¦ ,. ¦¦¦•¦¦¦
Elaborate Banquet to Be Given on the
Emperor's Craft in Return ¦ ;
• for.. the Courtesies of : ,
¦ Americans.
¦ ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ¦•• • -. ¦-,.- . , ¦ ¦
Kaiser Selects Treasures
for the Royal
German Officers .Eager. '..to
Henry of;, * v
Prussia."
PASADENA. Jan. 15.— Mme. Gertrude
d'Ajuria operated in this city about a
year ago. She defrauded local merchants
out of several thousand dollars. She came
here from no one knew where and hired
stylish apartments at the Hotel Green,
the leading tourist hotel.- She was a fine
looking woman, well appearing and well
spoken and she had with her a little child
who was afflicted with St. Vitus dance.
After staying at the Green a short time
she rented a house at 196 South Los
Robles avenue. • The hotel people' had
heard of the madame's operations else
where, and becoming suspicious of her,
ordered her out. She claimed to be an
Italian Countess and she opened a studio
at her home, where she received orders
for miniature paintings, claiming to have
painted miniatures of many prominent
people. The madame was very extrava
gant. She purchased much Jewelry, furni
ture and clothes. She had charged to her
account everything she purchased. Bar
ter Bros., furniture dealers of Los Ange
les; Glasscock & Vroman, stationers; W.
J. Pierce, jeweler, and the Hotel Green
were among the heaviest losers, though
almost every prominent merchant in the
-city lost more or less. After working
everybody in the city whom she could the
madame suddenly left town, packing in
her trunks her movable values and leav
ing what she could not conveniently
carry. Even her pet dog and chickens
were left behind. These were "attached
and an attempt was made to locate the
woman, but it was unavailing. She was
once seen in New York afterward, but she
never communicated with Pasadena. It
was learned after her, disappearance that
she was not an artist as she claimed, but
had others fill the orders for miniatures
which she secured.
Woman's Career in Pasadena.
MOUNT VERNON. N. Y.. Jan. 15.—
Mme. d'Ajuria would not be seen by re
porters to-day, but to a Mount ' Vernon
/ tradesman who called on her she said:
/ "I am going to have my case against
Russell Sage tried by my lawyer and not
by the newspapers. Mr. Sage owes me
that money and I am going to have it.
He Is the meanest old skinflint that ever
lived." \
The report that Mme. d'AJuria is soon to
leave Mount Vernon was declared by her
to-day to ¦ be untrue. She says she will
remain there until spring and then go to
Europe. .; ¦¦>-¦ < . ¦¦>» '¦.-:,
I&W YORK. Jan. 15.— Isabella d'AJuria,
who has sued Russell Sage for $75,000. is
not new to the courts of this State. It is
admitted by her counsel that the present
is not the first action at law she has taken
against the aged financier.
Isabella d'AJuria was born in England
about forty-five years ago. Her father's
name was Saalfield and by that name she
was known until she -took the title of
marchioness. Eugene F. Daly, a lawyer",
with an office at K9 Broadway, In the
spring of 1£S7 brought suit against Sage on
behalf of "Isabella Saalfield," who as
serted that a large sup was due her as
a result of speculations in which she had
been engaged. She said that Sage had
acted as her speculative guide and finan
cial philosopher, but failed her as a friend.
Now the question arises, are there two
Isabella Saaltlelds? Have they both had
suits against Russell Sage?
It is said by the "marchioness" that she
was married to Marquis Gregoria d'Ajuria
In "Sat. This leaves the suit under the
name of Saalfield to be explained. Daly
said to-day that he recalled having
brought suit against Kussell Sage for
"Isabella Saalfield" in 1&7. He said that
the case never came to trial, his client
having disappeared without notifying him
of her intentions. Daly was unable to
identify the portrait of the Alarchiones3
Isabella d'Ajuria as that of his former
client. Isabella Saalneld.
Sage would say nothing more about the
suit than that he had been sued I once
before by the same woman. He. admitted
that the previous suit might have been
brought in the name of "Isabella Saal
field." y. .
Says Sage Is a Skinflint.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
tors in Pasadena.
/ .
¦ Varied Career of the Plaintiff,
Who Left Many Credi-
There, is : no news "whatever, of the Con
dor since she left,' the straits, after spend
ing a few hours at gun practice in the
Royal roads on the afternoon of Decem
ber 2. The last advices were received from
Honolulu under : date of January 3. The
warship Had not arrived there ion that
date. The mail due at 'San Francisco is
eagerly awaited by officers of the fleet
here.
¦ If the sloop of war is lost, her fate will
in\olve the death of more than one hun
dred a,nd forty men.' Not since the Or
pheus ran down . the' steamer Pacific at
the mouth of the straits many years ago
has there been such heavy loss of life.
' The Condor was the smallest of the ves
sels, other than the tofpedo-boat destroy
ers, on this station. She was of 9080 tons
and was high fore and aft and low amid
ships, - with well decks like a passenger
steamer.
¦~ Captain Fleet of H. M. S. Phaeton, sen
ior officer on this station, said that, al
though the failure of the warship to put
in an appearance was causing uneasiness,
he believed that she had only run short
of coal. -.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
VICTORIA, B.C., Jan. 15.— While there
is much apprehension for the safety ot
the. sloop of war Condor ; of ¦ the B"« s "
fleet in .the >'orth Pacific, which sailed
from, Esquimau on December 2 and was
scheduled to arrive at Honolulu, on De
cember 13, officers of. the warsliips in port
advance explanations of her delay by say-
Ing that; as Is often the case, she is prob
ably/sailing Instead of . steaming to the
I8lartd*,"and,\as"she has a scant supply of
canvas -in comparison with a sailing ves
sel and >is handicapped by her screw, she.
would make a slow passage. None of the ;
officers believe. the vessel to be lost, but,
there is considerable' uneasiness. This Is !
due to the fact that she sailed on the eve
of ; the heavy, southeast gale, in which
the collier Matteawan foundered and the
flagship, Warspite. which passed out a
few hours: before her, had a trying time,
one of her nine-pound guns being loosened
and causing a commotion by rolling about
the deck.-,../- /'-'.¦
Hope to Hear Soon That
•Warship Reached Hono
' %iulu: Under Sail.
* Madame D'-Ajuria Is Not
a Stranger in New
York Courts.
Naval Officers l '• Believe
Lack of Coal Causes
Her Delay.
RARE SILVER
COMING WITH
THE PRINCE
STILL NO NEWS
OF THE CONDOR
SECOND SUIT
AGAINST SAGE
NO TROOPS
ARE NEEDED
IN ALTURAS
2
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^L,': THURSDAY, 'JANUARY 16, . 1HO2.
.-¦-..¦, ......— — .¦_.... ~~ -.¦-..-- -~ ¦- ¦ - -¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•¦•¦ -¦¦¦.----_ -• .-. .^.. ... . - - i — 1_^___^^
BECOME MAN AND WIFE
AT ST. STEPHEN'S ALTAR
BERLIN, Jan. 17.— The latest . arrange
ments in 'connection with the visit of Ad
miral Prince Henry \ of .Prussia'; to the
•United States is that the Prince, will meet
the Imperial yacht HohenzoUern at Hamp
ton Roads and sail thence to New York.
if :•' Elaborate * preparations are" being made
for; social entertainments :' on ] board the
Hohenzollern. By the Emperor's special
order; a splendid silver, service -has been
sent %o> Kiel from the royal | silver treas
ures in: the Old fichlosa. . His Majesty per
sonally inspected the treasures and se
lected the service which is to be used
'on board the Hohenzollern on special oc
casions."' ¦'•..".. ¦..-','•.;?: .
V Emperor William's programme is that
Prince -Henry shall reciprocate the* New
York •: and Washington festivities with/ a
grand banquet onboard the Hohenzollern,
inviting the President, the members of
the" Cabinet, and others.'. The curator of
the; silver ¦ treasures . goes ¦ to the United
;Statesl on' the ~ Hohenzollern to take care,
of- the valuable, wares. ,. ... ¦ .
¦.:¦: Admiral Count; von -Bauddissin, who is
to 1 command the" Hohenzollern : on .her
forthcoming > visit ', to - New - York, : arrived
here yesterday. 'He will go to Potsdam to
see his Majesty : prior , to sailing t or the
United States. Admiral Count'; von Baud;
dissln, after receiving Emperor William' a
personal instructions, returned to Kiel. :,-'
1 L'ate*- in' the day it was announced that
the Government had decided 'that .Prince
Henry shall sail for the United States on
the Kron Prinz Wilhelm of the North
German Lloyd line February 15. Cabins
have been engaged for a suite of- fifteen
persons. The vessel, though taking other
passengers, will first touch at Newport
News, where. Prince Henry and his party
wfU be transferred to the Hohenzollern.
which is going therfe and not to « Hobo
: The movement's' of Ttho yacht thereafter
have not been absolutely determined upon.
The present "-programme is to ascend the
Potomac River to Washington, where
Prince Henry ".will exchange calls with
President ' Roosevelt.- Prince • Henry and
the President may then go. to the launch
ing together. This, portion . of: 1 the pro
gramme will depend/ of course, on its ac
ocntuncf. at Washington. . ; \ • _ -
YOUNG COUPLE WHO WERE
MARRIED AT ST. STEPHEN'S
CHURCH. . .V '
Miss Jennie Me Laugh'in and Samuel p-arke
* Are. Contracting Parties aj;CjlU[ch\ Wed
ding; Witnessed b^-Six^Iwite^ -Guests
Governor Gage Is Again
Told an Outbreak
Is Unlikely.
Witness Claude Morris Gives
His Version of Lookout
Lynching.
Judge Harris, for the Defense, Grows
Boisterous and Sheriff I«eads. '.
Him From the Court-,
roomv .• ¦';' . / ,
UNITED STATES LAUNDR Y-
Office 1OO4 Market Straat.
\Telephone— South T42O.
Oakland Off lc»-54 3ah Pablo Ave.
To the quality of our laundry work, and
they'll convince > you of ¦. Its perfection.
Don't , kick If other * laundries , are not
pleasing you ;" send your next bundle here,
and 'twill prove so pleasingly satisfactory
that ; we're •. willingr to leave the rest to
your, good > sense^taHB
No saw edges.
OPEN YOUR EYES
VV hat this wonderful . medicine
will do f or ; you ; rnii st ;. be gathe red
from ; what it has done in .the past.
It has- restored ' t ho u sa n d s "of sick 1 y r
people to good health during :• the
past fifty .years,; and will not
jd isapj3oin t you „¦ now. ' ; * It : -. is .• a
specific 1 remedy:, for a i! men ts of t he'
stem ich, liver and bowels , such as
dyspepsia, indigestion, ; cbnsti-
pation, bilicusness, dizziness,
or sickhead^he- We urge )y^)u
to Ary ;jt.\ The genuine has' our
private; stamps over the neck of
the bottle.- BH
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVEBTISEaTENTS
I CURE MEN
With Lame Backs
I2£i - With Weak Nerves
. JSJr With Rheumatism
/^l With Lost Vitality
; /i \. with all those signs which tell. a man he is
iWfcSte— \ \ breaking down, losing his grip. ; I have the 't.
'Mi-aV"^ Y A. rem ? dv which gives back that snap,- fire and
\ V\ V i I \lB v «ni of youth. My cures sell my Belt. They •
& m\ \ . i -><\\\0K»_ prove w^ at I- sav about it. c,;
fcgsa V M r - A - C. Hammond, 39 Merchants' Exchange
4£E!£g\ Building-. San Francisco, says: "Your belt has
JSggSgi "^r- cured me at the age of 73 of weakness in the
-^ , back and kidneys, and has given me more vigor
iMKi and sound health than I have had for years."
aSSF* Ti'/Wl^tfesJwP man 1S ''H e a steam engine. It takes
v&BSr/ ! lr\\\{S&H3£ steam to make him go. My Belt pumps that
Joe^H 1 \jbht steam Snto him. .
i^^^B^ - \ W&W That's how it makes so many old men
Mr. A. Crawford, Pokegrama, Of., says: "I am 70 years old, but your belt
has made me feel like 35."
Try it, you weak men; you will find youth and vigor in it after. every- ..
thing else fails. .. '. " . - , ""•
Call and test it, free, or I will send you my illustrated book, free, if
you will inclose this ad.
T\i* M C. MpT fllKrhlin 702 Mark^ st ¦• Cor. Kearny
VY. 111. \J* lUOLiClUgllllll, (Lotto's Fountain); San Franclsca
Office hours-5 a.m. to 8*^0 p.m.: Sundays 10 to 1. Never Sold by Drug Stores. ',
j ' 1 ¦¦ : " ¦ ¦ ' ' -¦."-•¦'...-¦•,•¦¦ z'
for full sized treatment, is the safest, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh remedies.
' Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and throat
lozenges contain opiates; these cheap medicines
give a. temporary relief, especially, with little
children,. by destroying nerve sensation; the ir-
ritation in throat. • which causes coughing. Is
temporarily removed, not by removing the
cause, but by deadening the nerves of feeling.
The Irritation is not - felt, although It Is still
.there and will promptly return. >
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is the best remedy
to remove catarrbal secretion, whether in the
nose, throat or stomach, because they are com-
posed of wholesome antiseptics like Red Gum,
Blood Boot, etc ; when you use these tablets
you know what you are putting into your sys-
tem, and not taking chances with cocaine,
opiates or similar poisons found in so many
catarrh cures and cough medicines.
t>r. Ramsdell In commenting on catarrh cures
says: "I "can heartily recommend Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, because they containNio co-
caine nor' other dangerous drug found in so
many advertised catarrh cures. I have known
of many cases of long standing catarrh of the
head and. throat completely cured by the- dally
use of these tablets for several weeks. One
case In particular, which " I •¦ could not reach
with an inhaler or spray and where the catarrh
caused daily headaches and a noticeable loss of
hearing, was entirely cared by this harmless
but effective remedy.'.' ' '
Dr. "Walnwright says: "I never hesitate to
prescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for catarrhal
headaches and catarrhal deafness because I
know them to be perfectly safe for child or
adult and have seen many remarkable cures
resulting from their regular dally use; because
they are advertised and" sold in drug stores
Is no reason why any good physician should not
use them, because we should seize upon the
means ot cure "wherever found."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are especially valu-
able for catarrhal colds in children • because
they are pleasant to the taste and may be used
freely to > break up severe colds and croup at
the very beginning.
All druggists sell the remedy at fifty cents
for full sued package. . . /
A little book cin cause and cure of catarrh
mailed free by addressing the F. A. Stuart Co*.
Marshall. Mich. •' -.¦--'- '
People who have used sprays, inhalers, salves
and washes for catarrh and have found how
useless i and inconvenient they are. will be
agreeably surprised at results following the
use of a pleasant, internal: remedy In tablet
form; druggists everywhere admit that Stuarf a
Catarrh Tablets, which they sell at K» cents
A Simple Internal Remedy Makes
Remarkable Cures of Catarrh.
Surprising Results.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take : Laxative . Bromo-Quinine ¦ Tablets. All
druggists • refund the money i If j It ; falls : to ¦ cure;
' E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box.' 23c.
mmsffl CARTERS
jpjflfffir i% '^3 fl m fc* on %»v
SIOKiHSUUBHE
Positively cured by tbc»9
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty,
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Tasto.
in the Mouth. Coated Tonsme. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. The* 1
RectiTnte the Bowels. Purely Veeetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
i^__ : : -—
The "Dr. . tK. A I d e n Electric
Belt" (wjttx #££;£/= suspensory) U
ruaranteed 5 * ar ! to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by doctor* and druggi&s. It Elves
a very strong current of electricity and Is
easily 'rezulated. Bound to ' supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO. 206 Post st.. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New York. '
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MOi.
Established 1SSL Con*
sultation and private boos
free at otflce or by mall.
Cures ruaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL* y
x OCEAN TBAVEX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co:
TSl Steamers leave Broadway
fBifc. ' "Wharf, San Francisco:
fSBgS*-^ For Kctchlkan, Juneau.
K^^^^ Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
KPfey^^ m.. Jan. 11. la, 21. 2a 31.
1 |^fc«a Val Feb. 5. Change to company 3
: &S?l5f5l**3!i steamers at Seattle.
CJSMBwBeaM For Victoria. Vancouver.
it Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, New wnat-
ccm— 11 a. m.rJan. 11. 1«. 21. 2fi. SI. /« b - 5 -
Change at Seattle to this company's »tca«ner 9
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or la-
eoma to N. P. Ry*. at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 E- n»-.
Jan 12 17. 22. 27, Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo» An-
eelea) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays 8 a^ no.
For Los Angele3, calling at Santa^ Crux.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis ObisixO. •Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Huenome, East San Pedro, Saa
Pedro and 'Newport (*Bonlta only).
Bonita 9 a. m.. Jan. 2. 10. 18. 28. Feb. 3. .
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30. Feb. 7.
For Ensenada, Mardalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 4th ot each
For further Information obtain folders.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates. ' :
TICKET OFFICE — * New, Montgomery
'street (Palace Hotel), r. *"'"'".¦
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xilno to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line frcm Portland to all
points East. Through Ttckota t<v all
points, *»»' rV'l oi« steamship and rail, a:
LOWEST 3£i~A.'X'Jhia.
STEAMER TICKETS ilfOLODB B£BTa aad ME AL3.
SS.. COLUMBIA S**..^.^....-^ r
ss:^f¥::^!ja^r28iiib;-viT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers " for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
dr. y of sailintr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU iiii'.'-'*i.
....Thnrsday. January 30th. 1903
'....Tuesday. February 25th, 1903
S3. AMERICA MABU '•'•••'-• OM
..."..........^Friday, March 21st, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company • office.
421 *»*«* 'wTh. AvlRY.'&neral Agent.
* AMERICAN LINE.
HSW TORS. S0OTHAMPT0S, LOSDOW. PAM3. •
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. K| Philadelphia ...Feb. 13
St. Paul Jan. 291 St. Paul ...Feb. 19
St. Louis .Feb. 31 St. Louis Feb. 28
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp;
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwarlc Jan. 221 Zeeland ....:.. .Feb. 12
Vaderland Jan. 29 Haverf ord Feb. 19
: Kensington . . . -Feb. BlFrlesland . . . .j^Feb. 28
, INTERNATIONAL v -^^^ >^^ is^:
, General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery *st.
• PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
| And Gia Sud , Americana de Vapores
! To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
s and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier" 10, 12 m.
• TUCAPEL- Jan. 2SPALENA Feb. 28
i GUATEMALA.. Feb. 13i A steamer ¦
I These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
t tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
» and passenger office. 31ft California gtreet.
BALFOUB. GUTHRIE &' CO.. Gen. Agents.
' PANAMA R,rar
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
• .Cabin,' $105; Steerage. $40; MeaU Fr^e.
6- S. ArJty 1 ' «ail» Tuesday, Jan. 28
6. S. Lcdanaw . calls Monday, Feb. ;3
t>. b. Argyll calls Monday. Mar. 10
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p m
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st *
F. F. CONNOR." Pacinc Coast Agent.
occaiHcs.sxo,SK^
88. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney.... Thurs.. Jan. 16 Bom.
SS. , ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ........ - v '
- ................ Saturday. Jan. 25, •(».' 2 "p." "m.
> ij:»3EttEUiBH08.C0.,Eia8fajJ3jntU27 iartitK
6m't Pasaengir Dffisi. 843 jtaiiat SU Krto. ypj^ g
>:, C0XPASSI2 6XNZBAL2 nUHSATLAHTiQnz
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS " > * -
Ealllns every Thursday. Instead ot &&$$$<*.
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier ti,w^iifflaS
North River, foot ot Morton street.
- . First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Soeon i
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENIRal
AGENCY FOR UNITKD STATES and CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway iHudun •• bulldlnei n»
, York. J. K. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacino Coi»»
° A cent*.- 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franclscii.
u Tlckrts sold py alt Haliroad Tfck»t >¦^Agents.
i, 'BAY AND BIVEB STEAMESS.
° f6b : 0.:.Ts1 ; NAVY'liB~7NOAulj3
.StMtmen'GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTIGELL)
r m 9: * 5 o*- "»«r3:15 and 8:30 nTm.. except 8ui-
I day. Sunday, 9 :« a. in.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
VaUeJo^I a. m.. 12-.3O noon. « %. m.. exceni
. Sunday. Sunday. T a. m., 4:13 p. m. Tar* Stt
cents. Telephone Main 1808. ' Landing and
>. I BROS PUf ** MUlloa - Itr «« «0«J». HATC^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.LIGHT OF OFFICIAL INVESTIGATION UNCOVERS EVIDENCE
WHICH PROVES THAT BERT MAHONY SIGNED BOND OF SHAME
Strong Testimony Ad
duced to Prove He
Drew Document.
Said He Signed Contract
Mahony Made With .
W. A. Deane.
Two Witnesses.
JoKn Flood t Made Dam
aging Admissions to
"You are trying to put my client on
trial, though no charges have been, filed,"
Riordan said.
"If your client,".' the manager- of- The
Call interposed, "will ewear that he did
not 6ign that contract, we .will: see that
ctarsesare regularly preferred. "
Randall Denies Charg-es.
C. "W. Randall, manager of the Wake
lee Drug Company and who appealed to
the courts to restrain Walter M. Willett,
assistant manager of the firm, from en
forcing the payment of a loan of $16,000
made to the drug company by his wife.
Viola Willett, filed an affidavit yesterday
in which he denies the allegations made
in the affidavit filed by Willett. The last
named accused Randall of conducting the
business in such a manner that a loss fol
lowed, and also accused the manager of
appropriating the firm's money to his own
private uses.
The County ) Clerk's .attorney was . anx
ious . yesterday, that the case against .his
client be exposed in all its detail;' though
denying to the Mayor the right or; privi
lege of questioning Mahony. : Neither - the
Mayor nor his attorney, nor the manager
of The Call was willing that suchau ad
vantage', be given the accused, and:." In
consequence the evidence adduced of
Mahony's. guilt was but' a fragment of
that held by the witnesses. •
Flood denied In the investigation yes
terday any remembrance of drawing up
or witnessing the particular contract re
ferred to by The Call. When he so tes
tified he lied and he knew he was lying.
He knows that he admitted to the man
ager of The Call that he drew the con
tract and signed it as a witness, and told
who the others were that signed. Itviand
that he later made the same admissions
to a'Call reporter. '• • ¦"¦'.'!¦
Mahony does not deny directly the .ex
istence of the contract Riordan will riot
deny it. Flood, the stenographer who
drew up the contract, dare not deny it.
W. A. Deane will admit his full knowl
edge of it and others who have seen It
will add their testimony. The contract
itself will be produced. in whatever, court
Riordan and Mahony elect to trust their
case.' . .- '• ¦ " .-":"
Riordan protested further that the
Mayor was seeking to place his client
on trial without charges having been filed.
Mayor Schmitz said grave charges had
been made in the columns of The Call, and
he had given Mr. Mahony an opportunity
to deny under oath the truth of the al
legations. He was anxious only to get at
the facts that he might be guided to
proper action. The manager of The Call,
who was present. Importuned Riordan to
let his client be sworn that he might
deny, if he could, having signed the con
tract which he delivered to W. A. Deane,
and promised if such denial were made to
file at once specific charges against Ma
hony. Riordan would not permit his client
to be sworn, nor to, answer the direct
question- of the Mayor. The attorney
himself made a statement, asserting that
his client had "signed no contract in vio
lation of the law." Asked by Mayor
Schmitz if he would deny that his client
had signed the contract specified by The
Call, Riordan said that he would assert
only that Mahony had not signed any
contract in violation of the law.
2£nyor Anxious to Know Facts.
Mayor's jurisdiction over qualifications
and the acts of the County; . Clerk on two
grounds. He contends that:- the County
Clerk is not a municipal officer and can
not be removed by . the 1 Mayor, in view
of the Supreme Court decision in Crowley
versus Freud. He holds "further that,
granted the Mayor's right^to interfere, the
alleged offenses were committed . prior to
Mahony's election and prior also to
Mayor Schmitz's assumption of the duties
of office, and therefore are not subject to
investigation by the Mayor. • ' .
When Mayor Schmitz interposed at the
investigation yesterday with the assertion
that if the law had been violated by the
signing of an ante-election contract and
the subsequent distribution of offices as
reward for support during the campaign,
the charter surely gave him power to act,
Riordan had another bolt ready. Granted
that the distribution of rewards, as per
contract, would be an offense falling
under the Mayor's jurisdiction— so Rior
dan's argument ran— the alleged contract
had not been carried out. Signing the
contract was in violation of the purity of
elections law, a State offense only, and
not until the terms of the alleged contract
were carried out could the Mayor, Rior
dan argued, have the slightest claim to
authority to remove Mahony from office.
Continued From Page One.
schmitz ays accused.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford says
that it was with the consent of his offlce
that the Railroad Commissioners at their
last meeting selected Attorney Short to
represent that body In the litigation fa
miliarljv known as the "oil rate cases."
He was selected because of his intimate
acquaintance with the circumstances em
braced in the controversy. The Attorney
General's office always represents the
Railroad Commission in matters affecting
that body and -will be assisted in the pres
ent instance by Mr. Short. Mr. Ford says
this course is not an unusual one.
Short's Appointment .Satisfactory.
After brooding over the possibility of
a long sentence in the penitentiary John
Iverson, the Mendocino stage robber,
who Is confined In the County Jail, at
tempted to commit suicide Tuesday night
by swallowing a Quantity of opium.
Shortly after he had taken the drug a
guard discovered his condition and noti
ned the night Jailer.
Without waiting to summon a doctor
the jailer hastily prepared an emetic of
mustard and warm water" and forced it
down Iverson's throat. The prisoner was
then taken from his -cell and. assisted by
one of the guards, was compelled to
¦walk the corridor for several hours, so
that ho could not fall asleep.
As he seemed to have been relieved of
the opium effects Iverson was then re
turned to his cell and a watch placed
on him.
Iverson Is a United States prisoner.
While driving a stage in Mendocino
County he conceived the bold plan of
holding up another stage which was sup
posed to carry a large amount of money.
On the day of the robbery Iverson took
out his stag€ to make the run from Wil
letts to Fort Bragg. When about half
way between the two places he put up
his horses and started out to hold up
the stage wnich was due in Fort Bragg
about the same time he was supposed to
reach there. Iverson wore a gunnysack
as a mask, and as the stage came -up he
commanded the driver at the point of
a sawed-off shotgun to throw up His
hands. He then ordered the passengers
to alight, and after lining them up he
compelled them to give up their money
and valuables. Not content with rob
bing them he forced the driver to throw
off the mail and the treasure-box. After
rifling the mail he tossed the empty bag
back to the driver and ordered him to
get. The treasure-box was found short
)}• afterward near the scene of the hofd
up, but the contents were gone.
As soon as the robbery was reported to
the authorities an investigation was
commenced. Iverson was sent for and as
he told several contradictory statements
he was placed under surveillance. After
a thorough investigation the crime was
iastened upon him and he was placed un
der arrest.
Since being locked up in the County
Jail Iverson has been melancholy be
cause of the thought of haying to spend
the rest of his life behind prison bars.
How he managed to get. the opium
which he used In trying to end bis exist
ence is a mystery to the Sheriff and his
deputies. It is thought, however, • that
the drug was .given to Iverson by one of
the Chinese inmates of the jail.
Iverson's trial Is set for next week in
the United States Court.
Swallows Opium in the
Broadway Jail, but Life
Is Saved.
J. IversoD, Mendocino';
Amateur Bandit, At
tempts Suicide.
STAGE ROBBER
WISHES TO DIE
Continued From Page One.
CDUHTY CLERK -TRIES
: "Flood, was there' also," : and Mahony
talked to me . of the troubles he had keep
ing faith .> with everybody .who L wanted a
job. -. He * said -,that : If the , story - was not
published and ¦. he * had • a . chance T to ¦'¦ gee
down r to ¦„ the ".office he 'would 'aeeV that
everythiag.^wouldibe all right." : . ..••>•¦-. ,
'-"I. told: Mahony that 1 1. did riot'thinlMie
could : see 'Mr.' Leake. He :was greatly ex
cited, and as I knew that' he could not do
anything; to £ stop the publication > of the
story • 1 1 advised him • to -; stay home. ¦ - He
complained, of being ill, and we went into
the room and, had a long. talk. :• •¦-•; ¦¦¦¦¦¦
"-."Them the ".interview : between' Mahony
and Flood ' terminated, 'and Mahony came
out > In the ¦ hallway .where , I was sitting
and said : - 'My ; God, you're » not going . tb
publish this story. I must see Mr. Leake
I can fix this .thing. up in three minutes If
I can ' see ; him to-night.' . . : ...::..- , . .
. "Mr. Mahony was a good listener. He
never said ¦ anything while ' Flood was re
counting his experience at. The Call office,
and only blurted out a few; sentences at
the • finish • of .'. the conversation. He said,
'Deane is too hasty, about ,this. / My' God
this story i must not come out,' or words
to that effect. . ' . '. ', .: • :, ;.:¦¦-. - *
Mahony Gets r Excited.
"On the ride to Mahony's house we dis
cussed the contract very freely. Flood
replied 1 to my questions without - hesi
tancy. I asked him if he . thought Ma
hony would suspect who gave it I out, and
ho- said Mahony would not susp6ct him.
"I asked him If he was surprised' when
Mr. Leake told him what he knew of the
contract, and he said he was. He said
that Mr. f Leake knew so much about f it
that he could not deny the fact. He asked
¦me to allow him to. have a few moments'
private conversation with Mahony: when
we reached the house," and when wo - en
tered Mahony's home I- remained : in' the
hall and Flood ' wenV Into the room and
talked with Mahony. He detailed his con
versation, with Mr. Leake : and told ¦ Ma
hony that The Call had- the whole inside
of the . story • about the Deane ' contract.
He told Mahony that The Call knew that
his name, was signed to: the document and
that Mahony - had also signed the docu
ment. • '•- ' ' ;¦'¦¦¦ ¦-'¦'", '¦'¦¦". :'. ¦;¦':.<:¦/¦¦.¦¦¦;-¦--
Discusses Contract Very Freely.
"I asked him if Mr. Leake had repeat
ed the wording of the contract to him
and he replied. 'Why, yes; he* knows it
almost word^for word.' There was no
doubt about Flood's statements to me
that night. He was going out to see
Mahony to tell him that The Call had
the whole story of : the contract that he
had signed and to tell Mahony that he
thought that if ' he - would live up to his
agreement and , appoint Deane his chief
cierk the story would not appear in The
Call.
Could Repeat Contract Verbatim.
; "Flood said it was: a shame that Deane
was thrown do*n, and he said he felt
certain that after he had told Mahony
that The Call had the whole inside of
tin story and was going to publish it Ma-*
hony would appoint Deane to the posi
tion as he had agreed to do* before elec
tion. He told me that Mr. Leake knew
that he had signed the contract and
could repeat its language almost word
for word.
could hear Mahony "say that he would
appoint Deane his chief deputy, thinking
that If Mahony agreed to do this the
story, would not appear In The Call..
"Flood seemed to be under the im
pression that if Mahony lived up to his
agreement The Call would suppress the
scandal. I called a cab and on the way
to Alahony's house on .Hill street we had
plenty of time to talk. During the con
versation on the way out Flood
talked very .freely. He first, asked
me if I knew the story, and
when I told him I knew all the details
he. had no hesitancy about discussing
the subject. He admitted having ; signed
the document and told me he had--ad
mitted it also to Mr. Leake.
SOME OF THE PERSONS IN
TERESTED IN THE MAHONY
INVESTIGATION. '
"Mr. Flood came down to The Call busi
ness office Monday night in • response to a
message from Mr. Leake. : He went into
the private office with Mr. Leake and had
quite a long talk with him. I was stand-
Ing outside waiting, and when the talk
was ended Mr. Leake came outside and
told me that Flood had "corroborated; the
story that Mahony had signed a contract
to retain- Deane as his chief deputy and
that- Flood -had drawn it;up and- wit
nessed it. ¦ • r : .
"Flood, was -still in the private office and
Mr.' Leake; told me that Flood had asked
him' to send a reporter with . him to Ma
hony's house, where . he . intended ; to' ; ad
vise - Mahony to live : up : to his > contract."
Mr. : Leake told me to go with Flood and
see what came off between them. - Flood
wanted ' the reporter, with him so that he
Flood's Admissions to Leake.
- "I did • not • make any special effort , to
listen. I simply remained in my seat in
the hallway, and' as I knew, the details of
Flood's story very vividly I could not help
but catch the drift of the talk. In order
that I may be - clearly understood X I will
narrate the details of how I happened to
go to Maliony's house. ">
. "John Flood had been in private con
sultations with:. Mahony .fully ten or fif
teen minutes before Mahony talked with
me, and Flood told hlpi that The Call had
the Inside information about '¦ the'docu-.
ment, and Mr. Leake had told him that It
would.be published in .the paper the fol
lowing morning.- •¦ I heard the conversa
tion between Flood and Mahony quite
distinctly. I was sitting in , the . hallway
outside the room where the conversation
took place, and as Flood talked; in ani
mated tones I could not •¦ help but ' hear
what was said. - - .' .-
"To the' best of my recollection nothing
specifically was mentioned' about the con
tract itself. I may have mentioned the
contract myself, but I don't remember
that Mahony did. The subject-matter, of
the conversation was clearly understood
by myself and Mr. Mahony. ¦¦. •./>- :,
"Before the publication of the story?"
"Was there anything, mentioned about
the ¦written agreement between Mr.
Deane and Mr. Mahony whereby the lat
ter was to retain Deane as his chief
deputy in the event of his election?"-
"Did you have any conversation with
Mr. Mahony concerning the matter under
Investigation?"
"Yes, sir," Britt answered.
"Where did the conversation take
place?"
."At Mr. Mahony's house."
"Before or after the publication of The
Call's charges?"
William F. Britt of The Call staff' fol
lowed Flood on the stand: Mayor Schmitz
took the witness in hand and asked: *
Reporter Takes the Stand.
"Well, I don't mean that I drew up con
tracts like the one — the one the papers are
talking about now. I had lots of circulars
and things to send out and I had lots of
writing to do about that time, and I don't
remember much what I did."
"No, sir."
: "What did you mean by saying that
you drew up many contracts during the
campaign?" asked Ruef. .
"No, sir, I don't remember it. If I saw
the contract I could tell better. I will
not say positively that I did not sign it.
If my name is to the contract I will not
deny my signature." * -
"Did you ever draw up any other con
tracts to keep men in the County Clerk's
office?" asked Ruef.
"I cannot testify about this contract
until, I have seen it," said Flood In re
sponse to a question by the Mayor.
"Did you sign this contract made" by
Mahony to retain Mr. Deane as his chief
clerk?" asked Mayor Schmitz.
The manager of The Call . was sworn.
He recited in general the evidence that
had come into his possession of Mahony' s
illegal acts. He repeated the terms of the
contract, the names of the parties to iL
and the witnesses. He told where the
contract was. at 12 o'clock yesterday, and
gave the names, of several reputable citi
zens who had seen the document. The
witness stated that The Call was not a
public prosecutor and had not filed
charges, its duty haying been fulfilled in
the publication of the information it had
secured. He declined to go further into
detail, since Mahony refused to recognize
the Mayor's Investigation as * valid, and
further statement would only serve as-in
formation on which the accused's attor
ney could prepare his defense.
John Flood, who was the stenographer
to County Clerk Deane, and who drew
up the. document and signed it as a wit
ness, was sworn. He denied point blank
at first that he ever discussed the con
tract with anybody or admitted that he
drew it up. . -
The Call's Information.
Again the invitation to go on ¦ record
was declined by the County Clerk. •
"Was " the * door> to the ¦• roonv : open or
6hut?"Riordan asked. ; . .. -".
- "It ?.was .shut,'.', answered , the witness.
""When i I • went Into the • room • I - found '• a
table in the! center and a, chair. 1 right close
to the door. . I ; imagine 'from .the differ
ence -: in ? the ; tones ; of • their voices that
Flood sat in the' chair! next' to the door.'.'
'<-• Mr. - Ruef ; then ; . took 'the witness ¦ and
asked:; -- ¦ 7 'T^*^^S3^33SSiaOT' 6 HBhF^ft B WEaBP>^i
. "Did- Mahony at any time during the
conversation deny- having made the con-
.Sidesteps the Issue.
"I will ask you 1 again," eald the Mayor,"
"did. you. sign, that contract in which Mr.
Mahony agreed , to make Mr. Deane his
Chief Deputy?" ¦¦ , - - -;
'.'I've heard about lots of contracts, your
Honor; some of the, papers say—" . • ,
•-. "Answer question yes or no,", thun
dered the Mayor, growing Impatient with
Flood's manner of backing and filling and
beating ' about the bush. . ••¦ - ;
I VI have no. recollection of having drawn
it up," was the reply.. "I may have writ
ten the contract under dictation." < :
¦¦ Brltt resumed ; his testimony- and was
brought back over much of that portion
of : It < that • related * to - the Mahony Inter
view. ;.;j.;-"r>. --•:.• «,""*- ¦ ¦"¦- '¦'.¦'"¦¦'¦'/. - ¦ -¦,: '
¦¦"How far. was that door '.to. the room
where Mr. Mahony and Mr. Flood talked
from where you were sitting: In the , hall
way ?" asked Attorney Riordan on . cr oss
examination. \. '-.*- '" . *~ ;---¦-•--- ,
¦;"I should -estimate , the length 1 of the
hallway^ to 'be about: twenty feet,*' "an
swered the . witness. • \"I sat • about \ three
or 'four feet from the front door In a- di
rect Une< with . the . door, to -.the room
where they held I the conversation. Iwas
near enough to hear ' them - quite : plainly.
Flood was ' excited and ; talked - in" an : ant
mated : tone." . ¦•¦*'.'! \\
"Did you admit to Britt or Mr. Leaks
that your name was on .that contract?"
"I did not deny that it was.- I wanted
to. see the contract, and If -I had signed
it I would not He. about It."
"Now, Mr. Flood, "..queried the Mayor,
"that was an important and strange docu
ment. You knew It was a crime to make
a contract of that kind, and do you mean
to testify that you have no recollection of
having drawn it up, or signed it?"
••""It will; not -say- that, I did not sign the
contract.- If I caw the contract I could
answer more truthfully. . I draw up many
papers, but, this one-may have been dic
tated 1 to me." : "
"Well, your Honor, I did." •
"Then why . "did ' you ; testify that you
had not discussed the subject with any
body?" asked the Mayor curtly.' • .-• '
"Well, I didn't mean to say that, your
Honor; I have talked about this to many
people. Lots of people have asked me
about .the contract," Flood replied.
"I impressed upon his mind that it "was
a peculiar thing that he wouldn't remem
ber the ,. wording of a document of that
kind; a document which, guaranteed his
friend Deane a berth in the office, and.
he said, 'Well, when that contract was
made last October Bert Mahony and
Deane and myself were all the best of
friends and I never dreamed that they
would fall out and that this thing would
come out.* " .".•••
At this juncture Mayor Schmitz ordered
his messenger to recall Flood j and have
Britt's testimony read to him.
Mayor Schmitz ¦ ordered, the official
stenographer to read Britt's testimony to
Flood. This being done Mayor Schmitz
asked:
* - "Did you or did you not, Mr. Flood, dis
cuss this contract with Mr. Britt?" •"&<*;
"I asked him if he didn't remember the
exact wording of the contract and he said,
•That contract was nothing to me.- I was
not ' mentioned I in • it. Mahony did not
promise to take care of me and I don't
remember the way It" was worded.' ;
"I had another talk with Mr. Flood last
night. He did not talk as freely then as
he did on Monday night., He did not,
however, deny any of the statements he
made'to me the night before. He was a
little less communicative and was a bit
particular • as to which • contract | he was
being questioned about. He wanted to see
the contract. He said he made so many
that he didn't know which one I was talk
ing about I told him the only contract
I knew anything about was the one made
by Mahony , to retain ! Deane. He did not
deny making the contract. . The burden of
his complaint was that he wanted to see
the contract. .
Flood Beats Around the Bush.
• "I simply wanted to satisfy myself that
the story of the contract was straight
and I was satisfied. .When I got back to
the office I rang Mahony up as per prom
ise and he told me that he would appoint
Deane his chief deputy. 'I will do any
thing you want,' he said, 'but for God's
sake keep that story out of the paper."
When Flood and myself left the house
I told Flood that Mahony, shied too much
at the proposition of whether or not he
intended: to fulfill the contract with
Deane, so I sent Flood back to ask him
the point blank question whether he in
tended to carry out his written promise.
"I walked down to the cab and Flood
went back to a3k Mahony the question.
When^ Flood came back he said: 'Mahony
told me he would appoint Deane his 1 chief
clerk and he wanted you 'to be present -so
you could hear him.' I told ¦ Flood that
it was not necessary for me to bear him.
"At this time was the contract men
tioned?" asked the Mayor. . - .
"Not that I remember," replied the wit
ness. - •-
Declares That Mayor Has Power to
Remove County Officials.
A. Kuef, " attorney for Mayor Schmitz,
In an interview last night said:
"The points made by the friends of Ma
hony-and those who oppose th©-investiga
tion by Mayor Schmitz may be sum
marized^as follows:
"First— The Mayor has no jurisdiction
BUEF GIVES HIS OPINION".
"No, sir," answered Britt. "He madi
no denial of it to me,"-
At this point in the proceedings Mayo:
Schmitz adjourned the investigation unti
this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
O. H .. H ,, I ,, H .. I .,H I I I I I H-M-M-H- +
because he is a municipal officer and Jla
hony is a county official, and the Mayor
has therefore no right to suspend a
county official.
"Second— The Mayor has no right to
act because the offense, If any, happened
before the Mayor took office, and n© can
only investigate matters that have hap
pened or may happen during his term of
office. -
"In my opinion neither position is ten
able and as to these questions of law I
shall so advise the Mayor and leave to
him the sole determination of the facts
and their sufficiency. The Mayor is a
broad-minded, honorable man, of Keen per
ception and good intellect, and will deal
Justly with all questions brought before
him wltnout prejudice or favor. I know
that he has no predisposition in this case
either way.
"The contention that the Mayor has no
Jurisdiction to investigate these charges
because the Mayor is a municipal officer
and the County Clerk a county officer is
based on what is known as the civil ser
vice decision to fix what is known as
civil service qualifications for county of
fices. This decision proceeds on the
theory that as the constitutional amend
ment known as section SVfe of article XI
; makes It competent for charters in con
. solldated cities and counties to provide
for the manner, in time and term for
which county officers shall be • elected,
without making any reference to quali
fications, that it is not competent for
city . charters to provide civil . service
qualifications for county officers.
"But this section of the constitution ex
pressly provides for fixing the terms of
county officers in charters. The term of
county officers Is fixed at two years, with
the express and distinct provision that it
may be cut off at any time for cause.
This provision as to . removal is equally
potent with the provision fixing the term
at two years, and If the cause exists the
term extends only to the time in the de
termination by the Mayor that such cause
does exist. The provision for removal is
a part of the charter provision defining
the term of county officers.
"As to the right of the Mayor to in
vestigate charges which relate to occur
rences happening before the induction
Into office, there can be no question. Out
side of the question as to the execution
during an official's, term aa fo illegal con
tract entered Into before his term which
would be in violation of law and would
subject him to removal, there cannot be
the least doubt. But that for any crime,
felony or misconduct occurring before the
taking of office an elected official may be
removed thereafter, there can be no
doubt.
"As for example, if a county officer had
embezzled a large sum of money, say
thirty days before assuming the func
tions of office, and had succeeded In con
cealing the fact until after he had en
tered Into office and the embezzlement
had thereupon been discovered, it is ab
solutely certain that no court or authority
would support the contention that the
mere delay of thirty days in the discovery
of that crime would assure that official's
retention in office." *r\ , : .
LONDON, Jan. 15.— Vanity Fair's corre
spondent at Rome writes: The death of
the 'Pope may be expected any day, as
his Holiness can only be said to be just
alive.' He takes little nourishment and is
generally half unconscious.' He suffers no
pain and simply dozes the hours away
without comprehension of what is going
on around him.
Going On.
Passes Hours Without Being
Conscious of What Is
Serious State.
Rome Correspondent Re- ,
ports His Holiness in
POPE IS SAID
TO BE SINKING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1902.
3
' AD VESTISEMENTS.
: How lone will it take the man to fin
the sack if he does not stop the leak?
To ettempt to nourish the body when the
ftomacii is dis- .— .
eased is like try- / — \ J
ing to fill the /*^^^^f *
Kick xrith the C#<"^TO
hole in it When
the stomach and t^TJk^^j^v
other digestive ,^<£i£*MfiP\
eud nutritive or- f / \r£ijJILfi&^r "X\
gans are dis-/ /liKHBSN^ 5^
eased, there is a S ' v?> \
constant loss of j^jg9g$S^ j£l
Enough is eatenL/^S^^tr^V^U^I *v
but the bodyfcSiiL T^2t
Io9es flesh.-plain ~*ft&m
proof that the \ /»S
:ood eaten is \ /
largely wasted 1 / iB
bemuse it is not II y
digested and as- I
similsted. I f >M
Dr. Pierce's j «4f
Golden Lledical I W*3i
Discovery cures I »i
diseases of the kAtiL. \XVi
stomach and B&f^ M Y
other organs of RS^jr\ ym
digestion and \SMfJ i^jaJM
nutrition. It p^^^M
stops «the leaks I -K
by which nctri- £&. \\%*^Jti?£}
tion is lost, and Zjg (jf^s
enables th.e " ¦w^ 1 '
building up of the body by the nutri-
tion derived from food. The gain in
\reight proves the cure..
"Three year* agr° I was taken sick with •what
the doctor called nenwnsaess and indigestion,"
writes Mrs. "Warren E. Parker, of Orange Street,
Nactuckct. Mass. "He gave me medicine for:
the trouble, but I Icaald not cat even a little toast
or oatmeal without suffering: severely. In a few)
mot tbs I began to nave distressing: pains right-
io tbc pit offfly etomach. I called the doctor,
£gais and he said I had catarrh of stomach;
peve me cedidne bat it did not do any good.
I lost a8 pounds in three months. I thea com-
menced taking Dr. Pierce** medicines and noon
beeanKo feel better. I hare taken six bottles of
'Golden Medical Wjcovery,* two of 'Favorite
Prescription* and six viale of Dr. Pieice'a Pel-
lets. I have gained ten pounds; Can eat every-
thing."
Dr. Pierce'a Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation. '^_
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
J MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
9 £D 13511UZ£ZT2T.tet.6Aft7tk,&.r.CaI.
T Gf The Largest Aextoslcal Museum in the
O m'Tn World.. WeakiiMset or iry cantneted
7 S^^9] •lease p»»l»l»«-lycMre4 by the oldest
0 iBjSi I Speaalistoa the Coast Estjiyean.
A &*$Iq ER. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
1 if€SS^a Connultation free and mirtir prirate.
6 J QWh Traataent penoaally or by letter. A
\ I ¥ SI 8 Fanint Cureiae»ery case undertaken.
if# lift Write for Book. PBILOSOPBY*r
f! J 11T mjikuce, mailed free. IK
Jk H (y valuable book for nrg )
¥ DB. JOBBaS A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F.
Dfi- HALL'S REINYICORATORfiSH
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five SKSm^hS!?
cundred reward for any case we MM IK
cannot care. This secret remedy B ___ll
;vres Emissions. Impotency, HgfS BWl
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, JPfS Wfni
Etrictures, Drains. Lost Man- (iUJ liy'i
aood and all other wasting ef- JStS &*S
fects of celf-abuse or excesses. rW^n*^^
Eeat ee&led. *2 bottle; S bottles, (5; . guaranteed
to care but case. Call or address . order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85» Broad-
r&r. Oakland. Cal. Also tor tilt at 1073)6
Uvkct St.. & F. Send lor tret book*
Overcoat
it you intend to .y^
get 3. nsw overcoat tiswlwii
get a lot of comfort V^%jjpffi v^-^-O
out of it during this F
cold snap in the p 0v^eo^T^f^^HN»^f
tion about this being \§^ ml Jffi | j |f| fl lll\
about ?hMng St the I li I kfe\
place to get the gar- XESI^wIm •! ' ;! P til?r
ment, that' is if you I fl ll
want the most pos- lit jij V If ft
sible value for your I ! \ I] I j]
..money. We make ; | ||1 S | 1 |
overcoats to;^order |j|)| 1 11 | i IS.
from $10 upward-; In . fl J I ,| I ( i
the- range \pf prices m | 1 1 1 I' 1 ll
suitable materials for % .. (II SJ [II i If fjl 1
overcoats, so that you ~> .- '^!|||j|j| Jfl W^
are sure to find what- lii'la^Hs^
ever you want. $1 mS mfSm
We will give you illfl will I
samples jf you call. HI ii l||}
Of course, you know Si If Jill
that our year's free Jrilfi - £EA ! il
coat.
Suits and overcoats satisfactorily made for out-of-town customers
through our self-measuring system — write for samples.
718 Market Street and
Cop. Powell and Eddy;QUARTET OF CLEVER ATHLETES
WHO WILL, REPRESENT OLYM
PIC CLUB- IN THK EAST. ' '- .
Selections for To-Day.
First Race —Marlneuse, Darlene. Rasp.
Second Race —John Peters. Our Pride, Phil
Crlmmins.
Sixth Race — Seven • furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward: (
2991 San Venado..ll0 3137 Meropa 104
3008 Bernota ..r..l04 3087 Cougar 107
3066 Pomplno 104 3110 Our Lizzie ..102
311S Katie "WalcottlOal 3105 Flamero 104
3106 Floronso HOj (S135)Captlvate ....102
3118 Reina de CubalO8t 3036 Hungarian ...107
S137 Gibraltar 110 .
ing; four-year-olds and upward:
3135 Kastattoe ''..-. 1 »7 3112 Billy Lyons.. .106
3135 R d. S. Juan.103 5S0S Racivo Ill
312T Lost Girl T... »7 3117 Stddons ..10!*
3137 Plead .....:.. 104 3141 Sylvan Las3..1O7
3044 Morlnel ......99 3117 Alicia 100
3135 Expedient ... 89
Crack New York Light
weight Is in Good
.;]';, .¦'¦¦;. Condition.
JACK O'BRIEN
TO MEET GIBBS
Homan's Annie Coleman; L. S. Barre'a Boodle
Boy-vs. W. Cairn's Imperial; C. dock's Ala
meda Lad vs. O. Zahl's O'Hara; Pasha Kennels'
Real Aristocrat vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle.
NEW YORK, Jan. IB.— The board of direct
ors of the New Tork Central and Hudson River
Railroad Company decided to-day subject to
the approval of the stockholders to Increase
the capltat stock of the company from $115.
000,000 to $1BO, 000,000.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. 15.— Sheriff Frank
Smith and Deputy George Beck met death
this morning while storming an Indian
house eight miles west of, Anadarko.
The highwaymen on Sunday night held
up and robbed parties going home from
church, and the sheriffs, accompanied by
Deputy Brlggs. located them early yester
day morning In the hut. In attempting
to enter Smith was shot through the
breast and died in a few minutea. Beck
also was shot through the breast and his
left arm was shattered. Brlggs was not
injured. • ¦ : - --- ¦
.The highwaymen robbed the dead bodies
of *he officers and then fled. Sheriff
Smith made a dying effort to arrest the
robbers and shot several times through,
the door and walls after being wounded.
Beck's arm was shot and he continued the
fight until killed. .
It is reported, that the highwaymen were
in Anadarko . yesterday. Smith was one
of the most fearless officers In the Terri
tory- -. '
Oklahoma Sheriff Makes
Brave Battle With
Highwaymen.
FIGHTS BEFORE
DEATH CALLS
O'BRIEN. 'GIBBS.
5 feet hVt in.. .Height... 5 feet 6W in.
72% Inches. ... Rfeach . . . .71': :. inches
lfi% inches... ..Neck .....15 inches
30V4 inches.... Chest ....S8^i Inches
31 • Inches.... W*lst .... 30 inches
12% inches. . . . Bicetm : . . . 11 % Inches
11 inches... Forearm .. .11 >4 • Inches
7. ;¦ inches.-.;. Wrist .;.( 7; inches
21 ; inches.... :Thlgh... .21 Inches
8% Inches.... Ankle .... 8 inches
: MEASUREMENTS '"
\ OF PUGILISTS
; This Is the last week of the winter se
ries of ball , games. The two Eastern
teams will give exhibitions at Recreation
Park to-day, Saturday and Sunday. They
will then start on their homeward Jour
ney. ;Taey have had a successful season.
Many of the players expect to return next
Winter. ¦ •< -••'¦: - • ¦¦ . . ,-s- : ,:. ¦••<:...}•:¦;«-
Last of the Baseball Season.
/Jack O'Brien, the crack New, York light
weight boxer, will j make his first appear
ance in the' ring near this city to-night at
Oakland. \ His opponent ¦:; will' be , Young
Gibbs, the clever colored boxer" of Cleve
land, Ohio. : .; ; : . .¦••'"''..•••¦ .¦" : ':'.. : ;.y
O^rieh has met such boxers as: : Dave
Sullivan, Martin Flaherty, .Dal Hawkins,
Jack Daly, Tim Kearns,< George 'McFad
den, Oscar Gardner, 1 Frank Erne, Kid Me-
Partland and many Others; After meet
ing this array of talent his record shows
but two defeats. The- first, he lost > on a
foul to Tim Kearns, while in" the second
George McFadden outpointed ' him. ; Before
that nft fought a twenty-five-round ;draw
with McFadden.' .He also; fought a draw
with Erne. , ..¦!¦: ' j ,.-¦:¦¦' •.-.¦^.¦.- ¦¦ ¦¦^'^.'\ ¦.
Gibbs has won each of his" last ten fights
with knockouts. It is needless to add the
First race,-.' selling, one mile — t^eonja ' won,
Maple L-ecpnd,vHop Scotch third. .Time, 1:41%.
¦ Second race.'selllng, six and a half furlongs —
Lingo.- tron, "* Missile second, Brewer ¦¦¦¦ Schorr
third. r.TIme, 1:211,4. • . ¦ , '. ¦¦ I
Third race, handicap, steeplechase, 6hort
course— Falella won, Coley second, ,Harve B
thlryi:.- Time,«3:04. , ' .-. - ¦--, : .- '.;- '.
| Kourth-racej "handicap. 1 one and ' a 'sixteenth
miles — Res.eda.: tvpn, ¦ Death second. Silver . Coin
third. '^ Time, /1.-.4S. -.'-"- .-./¦•.- ,-
PJrth- racev.flve r ahd a half furlongs— Maggie
DavlsH' w6nr- > Pigeon •'¦[ Poet : second; Semicolon
third. v".Tira«;' 1:06%.:. >.•¦':/--'¦: * ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ : ' ; ¦
.-Sixth* race, one and I three-eighth - miles-
Judge Stea,dman - won, ¦ Admetus second. Major
Mansir third.Sj y\xne,2-3Z\i.-:-^:'"::\.
men. did not . rank .with Erne,'; but Gibbs
has shown cleverness, * gameness and hard
hitting ability. : He fought '/Cyclone" • Kel-*
ly . at Mechanics' ¦ Pavilion '.when > out of
condition, . and, outgaming . him, knocked
him out."-. '•:?/• : -.'<'~ -:;-•-, ¦¦!•'¦¦¦ s-! ; , >*\v-.'i "0 .' )"
/The fight' will be held in the Exposition
building, Oakland, under the ; auspices of
the Acme- Athletic-' Club.".> "Jack" Kitchen
will referee: The majority. of the-specta
tors from this city will ¦ cross the bay on
the 7:30 p. m. narrow gauge boat. :
NEW ORLEANS,' Jan. 15.— Crescent City
summary:' •¦; , .. ¦ ¦ r ¦ r- : ' ' \
Racing- at New Orleans.
A petition signed by many prominent
American investors in Mexico will also
be presented to Secretary Hay asking
that some official ' action be taken look
ing to a fair and impartial Investigation
of Mealy's claims.
Meaiy asserts that he has been dej
frau'ied'out of. mining; properties in Mex
ico to the value of $2,000,000 by conspiring
Mexican claimants to the property.: He
also alleges that the conspiracy involves
the courts and high Government officials
of that country and that his imprison
ment in foul jails was one of the means
¦which the conspirators adopted to accom
plish their designs. . The statement of
the case which Mealy, has Just forwarded
to Secretary Hay contains some very seri
ous charges against persona ot-.higrh'ofli'
cial station. '- • ¦ - . ,- < ; ¦ ¦
AUSTIN*. Tex., Jan. 15.— W. H. Mealy,
the American mining man.who was ar
rested and, thrown in jail ' at ..Monterey
and Pcrflrio Dlas, Mexico, a few months
ago and . harshly treated, as he alleges,
without cause, has made another appli
cation to Secretary of fitate Hay for a
lull Investigation of the matter- leading
up to hi$ alleged ill treatment."
American Mining Man
i Accuses Mexican
Authorities. *
f ¦ ¦ ¦ . . . - . ' . . . ¦ •
Narcissus and other greyhounds of class
are entered in the special open stake to be
decided - this Saturday and Sunday at
Union Coursing; Park. The ' attendance
and the entries are both Increasing. There
are two stakes on this week's programme,
each with fifty-two greyhounds In the
running. They will each be run down
once on Saturday. The draw resulted' as
follows: • . ...
Special open stake— G.:Nethercott's Freda C
vs. D. J. Healey's Tiburon; O. Shartnan's Lit
tle Bister vs. A. R. Curtis' Charta; H. Schae
fer's Fair Glen vs. C.'W. Bonner*s "Wild Nora:
J. Mortality's Klttleman vs. ¦ A. It. •. Curtis"
Loyal Lad; Pasha Kennels'- Roman Athlete vs.
J. Shea's Shadow: C. , O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud vs. L. S.Barre's Amedee; A. Vander
whlte's Lear King vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ollta:
T. J. • Cronin's Vandal vs. E." Geary's Ruby
Sankey; K. Geary's Fannie Hughle vs. B.
Ready's Full Moon; J. L. Ross' Fontenoy vs.
G. Sharman's Black Flush; A. R. Curtis' Ki
bosh vs. H. Lynch' s Merrlmac; T. J. Cronln't
Tralee Boy vs. H. Lynch' s A. J. Martin; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Archer vs. F. Jones' ¦Wedge
wood; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. J. Caine's
Greenhall ; G. | Sharman's • Firm Fellow vs. O.
Zahl's Homer,. Boy; Chlarlnl Brothers' White
Hat vs. A. R. Curtis' Narcissus; P. M. Clark
son s Sofala vs. ; C.^ O. Peterson's" Haphazard;
B.- Geary* s^Fenll vs. D. J. Healey's Lady
dare; P. Stelnhoft's Veto ;vs. A. R. Curtis'
War Eagle; Chiarlni Brothers' Tame Tralee vs.
D..J. Healey's Fine Form; H. H. Geary's Rona
vs. Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers; Chlarinl
.Brothers' Dewdrop \-s.- A. R. Curtis' Vulcan:
O. J. Healeya i Elista. Vs. E. Geary's Ireland;
Sterl & Knowles" - Freeze ! Out vs. G Nether
cott's Hickory Dick; £J. Geary's Bonnie Pasha
vs - 5- L H ,« al ey's t Tapioca; H.- Lynch' • Lilac
vs. BwSllvas Master Rocket.
Open stake— P. Doyle's Thelma vs. G. Shar
mans Chlcago r Boy; P. M. Clarkson's" Miss
Brummel vs. \V. Maloney's Always; T. Maher's
Bad ; Boy h Lynch's f Black Bart ; Pasha
KennelS . Rich Argosy vs. H. Lynch'a Melrose
Lftd;^H.:Perlgo'8 Lady Davenport vs. EL.
Hathaway-s Bridget Cleary; J. Connolly's New
Moon vs. D. Roach's All Green; T. Jolley'sTo
ronto ¦ vs. Kelly & Hanley's Fearful Shin; J
Carroll's Auckland vs. W. Cairn's Gold Ore
D. Roach's Bells of Shandon vs.Chiarlnl Bros '
Santonin; T VT. Barters - Bogus Brummel vs
E.', Geary's FairjOaks ; J. M. ; HaltonT May
Hempstead vs i ' F. Rosenberger'a Master Bly;
H. H.' Gray's My Girl vs. T Burke' s Lottie "W :
F. Rosenberger' s My Nell vs. E. . Geary's Rov
Hughle; J.* Shea's Slim .vs., A. R.; Curtis' Va£
sie; G: Graham's Lady Newark. vs *J- Trade's
Bell Rocket: D. Frantz's Livona vs' J 'l Ross 1
Mayflower; T. Cox's Crockett Hill vs." e" ZeD's
Glen Coe ; T. W. Bartels* Bogus Baron v« . t
H.-.W.-Muller's Cruiser; W.' C." Badg°"s f Alert
vs/H, Lynch's Clartse; P. C. Bllek's Tellowuil
v *-'J l Vv Urk^? Sot -S?^ me: J -'Conneirs Cosy vs
O.'. Zahl's jMlss Wilson; D. Henry's All™
I^ulsav vs. . (i C Pickard's Bright - Gold;
Pasha Kennels' Bural • Artist vs. L. cl
The Supervisors' ..Building Committee
submitted its report. to the board.yester
day ancnt Judge. Cook's application to be
transferred from the Hall of. Justice to
the City Hall. The committee \ recom
mends that the application be denied be
cause the Legislature empowered the
board to construct the Hall of Justice for
the accommodation <Jf the criminal de
partments of the Superior Court. Super
visor, Braunhart of the committee cites a
Supreme Court decision in which "it was
held that a Superior Judge had no more
power, than 'any- other, county officer -to
select a particular room in the :. Court
house or to take'' possession of any rpoms
assigned -by the Supervisors to another
officer; ' also that the assignment of of
fices may be changed. if public convenience
demands it.- : .The committee for the same
reason recomrfterids that the Public Li
brary be -; put' tin ; possession • of Judge
Dunne's, chambers so that the latter may
be compelled to move' to the Hall of Jus
tice.' ¦¦'. ¦¦¦¦--, ,<-¦' - ¦; ¦ ¦ .-;
Supervisors, '. Acting Under Court De
• cisioij, ¦ I>eny Judge Cook's' Ap- i ¦. :
plication to; Move. ]
HAS POWER TO ASSIGN ;
' i • QXJAETERS TO JUDGES
Narcissus and Other
Clever Dogs Will
.. ¦ Start.
SAYS OFFICIALS
DEFRAUDED HIM
•will probably be decided in Chicago about
the same time. No time nor place for
the opening of the tournament has been
set as yet, -but It Is expected the Ama
teur Athletic Association officials, who
meet In New York this week, will grant
one of the big Chicago organizations
sanction to hold the bouts.
. The time and place 'of holding the
championships will be telegraphed : to
and long distance swimming events, will
compete with the fastest swimmers in
the country.
Leary and Brewer are two of the best,
fcwirnmers this coast has ever produced,
and it Is certain they will give a good
account of ~ themselves. The swimming
events will be held in Chicago at ; the
Auditorium building. , commencing Febru
ary 3 and ending February 22.
The American boxing- championships
FOUR Olympic Club athletes will
go East^next month to compete
in the annual swimming and
boxing- ' events held under the
auspices of the American Ama
teur Athletic ABEociation.
James K. Britt Jr., the crack light
weight champion of the coast, and W. J.
Leonard, the clever feather-weight
champion, will represent the club in the
boxing events, while Howard F. Brewer
and Scott Leary. both of whom have
broken American records in both short
-¦• ¦ •
George James, captain of. the ; Olympic
Club, either to-morrow or the day after,
and then Britt and Leonard , will com
mence their preparations • for ; the trip
East. Both boxers" are training. daily to
fit themselves for the struggle for the
American championship. "¦< - fes
Leonard will not meet his old-time op
ponent, Scholes, the Canadian boy who
has held the International -featherweight
championship for years. "Scholes has
grown too heavy for the-'olass.and If he
enters the tournament will probably be
pitted against Britt. 'In that event the
chances of Scholes adding- the .light
weight championship to his laurels axe
small. Those who have seen both Britt
and Schotes fight cannot see where the
clever Canadian boy has a chance to win
against the hard-hitting local -boy. : i
As far as amateurs are concerned -Britt
seems to be In a class -by Jximelf. In
his private try-out bouts with ' -Terry »Mc-
Govern and Art Simfns.'one of:the-*best
professional lightweights in the- country,
Britt clearly showed (he could go the
pace in any kind of company. '¦ . -
Leonard is a shifty, clever boxer, -with
a punch. in each hand. '.He has been at
the game for years and knows 1 every
trick in the boxing business. .
One week from to-morrow night the
Olympic Club directors will- decide defi
nitely what they will do toward sending
the athletes East. . .
SPECIAL STAKES
FOR GREYHOUNDS
Jake Holtman has been engaged to do
the starting at the Louisville, Ky., meet
ing, which "opens on May 3.
The last thoroughbred sale of the season
will be held at Occidental Horse Exchange
, to-morrow night. Choice yearlings will
pass under the hammer, consigned by
Papinta, Palo : Alto and Hobart stock
farms. '• ', • ' : • . \ " . . »,-.
The entries for this** afternoon's events
are as follows:'--. * ;-; '-..- <• - --¦-..
.First Rape — Seven, furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward:
3121 Novia"; .......102 3081 Quibo 101
. 3042 Ural : 101 3131'Nllgar 10-1
3119 Courtier 101 3142 Go Out 107
(3118)Gold Finder.. .104 3088 Darlena 09
CU27)Elnsteln 110 3132 Marlneuso ...101
3137 Invlctus 101 3124 Bagdad 104
3078 Rasp ........101
Second Race — Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds: . •
2970 PhllCrlmmlnsll7 3061 Bendara .I:.. 117
(3125)King Herald. .119 (3077)Torila 117
3114 Cathello .....117 3101 Discovery ...117
3111 Mont. PeeressU7 3065 Malaspjna ...117
3142 Bassenzo 11!) 3005 John H. Carr.114
£107 'John Peters.. 117 3107 Our Pride ....114
Third Race — Three and a half furlongs; sell
ing: •
3126 Arabo ..110 3139 Adirondack ..107
3072 Imp. Puss in 3109 Temprano ...107
Boots 107 3139 Hudson 110
3130 Montezuma .'.110 3139 Venecia 107
Fourth Race — One mile; the Santa Cruz han
dicap; three-year-olds and upward: . .
(3128) San Nicolas ..112 2657 Scotch Plald..lO5
3134 Jim Hale 103 (Slll)LapIdus 104
S128 Waterscratch 101 3147 Bathos 97
(3129)Positlon .115 (3074) Autollght ....119
Fifth Race — One and a quarter miles; sell-
Track Notes.
'-Dr. Daniels, winner of first, is a hand
some, wide-ranging dog, which hunts his
ground with ease and judgment and is
high class in every particular. His work
has shown' he is the equal of many of the
Eastern pointers, and it is likely he will
be sent on the circuit next year.
¦ Pearl's. Jingle Is- also stylish and wide
ranging and runs with a high head, al-,
though not as fast as Dr. Daniels. The
two setters. Peach Blossom and Northern
Huntress, are very much alike in color
and size.- They can hardly be .distin
guished one from the other while in ac
tion.* Blossom, • however, has a bit the'
best of Huntress in style and seems a
trifle more earnest jn her work, otherwise
there seems little to choose between them.
As -the running closed- at an early ..hour,
Messrs. Van . Arsdale, Bagby, Payne and
Judge Balmer. spent some time shooting
before leaving the- trial grounds for San
ta Maria. -. It has been decided not to have
a members' stake this year. As the trials
were finished earlier than expected, most
of the visitors will spend to-morrow in
shooting. H. W. Keller of Santa Monica
and F.. Emery of Los Angeles arrived to
day, but did not reach the grounds in
time to see any of the work. Taken as a
whole, the trials have been .fairly suc
cessful. While It- is true that birds were
sometimes .scarce,' It was due to- the dry
spell and consequent lack of feed which
has made them .change within the last
few days to other localities.
.... ;¦•",; : c. w. hibbard.
First. W. W. Van Arsdale's lemon and white
pointer dog Dr.' Daniels by Plain Sam-Dolly
Dee II; second, Clinton E. Worden's liver ami
white pointer bitch .Pearl's Jingle by Young
Jingo Pearl's-Dot II; equal third. W. W. Van
Arsdale's black, white and tan English setter
bitch Peach Blossom by Count Gladstone IV-
Peach Mark, and T. J. A.Tiedemann's black,
white and tan English setter bitch Northern
Huntress by Joe Cummings-Mecca II. ¦
The Successful Competitors.
After a' few moments' intermission the
judge called for Peach Blossom and
Northern Huntress.' This heat was one
of the most Interesting of the day, as a
cool breeze was blowing, and the dogs,
despite their previous work, were in fine
fettle. Several points were secured by
each and they were in every Instance
steady to wing and shot. Plenty of birds
were found, although many of them flush
ed wild,- but there were 'enough which
lay well to the dogs "to give- a thorough
test of .theit •ta.bfttty.j They " were ¦ kept
down rather* Jbnser-Mihan the others for
the reason, as it afterward developed, the
Judge was trying to.decidcbetween them,
but was unable to do so, After calling
the dogs up Secretary Betz made the an
nouncement as to the. result of the all
age," which was as follows: .
Fan Go,' the bye dog of yesterday, and
Lady were down for the next heat in the
same cover worked by the first brace.
Fan Go was not in the best condition and
did not show- what she is capable, of doing
under other circumstances. Lady was in
better form than yesterday and hunted
her ground with good judgment and se
cured two points before being called up.
This closed the second series.
The next brace down were Peach Blos
som and Pearl's Jingle. They were cast
off- on the hillside near scattered birds
and were credited with one point each
during the heat. There was little to choose
between the two so far as speed was con
cerned and while Jingle showed the best
range Blossom was the more stylish.
This brace, like others during the day,
were down about one hour.
Peach Blossom a Stylish Worker.
Count's ( Mark and Northern Huntress
went down for the next heat and before
going a quarter of a mile ran together
into a bevy which flushed rather wild.
Immediately after Huntress pointed a
small bunch of birds which had not
flushed and Count nailed a single almost
at the same moment. In speed and range
Huntress had clearly, the best of the heat
and- a shade the better of the point work.
The nrst brace, down were Dr.. Daniels
and Cuba Jr. A bevy of birds was flushed
shortly after the dogs were cast off which
apparently should have been discovered
by one or both of the pointers, but the
wind was not in their tavor. The birds
were flushed by the handlers and were
followed into a little valley, where Dr.
Daniels pointed two lying close together.
Cuba did not' show well and ran in rather
a listless fashion, being outclassed by his
opponent/ The dogs were ordered up at
the end of an hour, no other birds having
been found.
The grounds were -'unlike those to .which
most oi the"' field trial men have been ac
customed, as they:, were quite • hilly, but'
with splendid cover, prevailing. -." It was
impossiDle to follow the dogs ¦ with teams,!
so the spectators .on < foot. ; Not
much walking was riecessaryj-as at times
they could see an entire heat from some
elevated point. The day was ideal for
neld trials, and the j dogs^- worked more
satisfactorily than at any time during the
meeting."- ' : u v .
SANTA r MARIA;; . Jan. 15.— The nine
teenth annual : trials of th'e '.Pacific Coast
Field ' Trials' Club closed to-day with the
finish of the 'All-Age stake, v Judge Balmer
placed W. ,W.' VanCArsdale's pointer Dr.
Daniels "first, j^ClintonE; Worden's pointer
Pearl's Jingle second and divided third be
tween Van ?Arsdale"s setter. Peach Blos
som, and T.-'J. A; Tiedemann's '.Northern
Huntress: - ¦?':.¦?.^:>-?y:.' -•:.¦¦¦¦¦' ::J ,- A
Clinton E. Worden's - Pearl's
Jingle 'Take3 : : Second
.Honors. ' —
Judging from prices: it looked as if bet
tors would buy npthlng but The Pride
when speculating began on the seven fur
long purse run. Tom Ryan's horse closed
an even-money chance. After delaying the
start for some time he broke away in the
lead. ¦ Joined by May W the pair raced
off on nearly equal terms to the stretch,
where the favorite began to stop. At this
stage it looked as if May W would score,
when O'Connor on Sly came fast on the
outside, winning by three • lengths in
1:26V2. May W found the pace too warm,
for The Fretter ran in before her for place
honors. -
Wyoming, an 11 to 10 favorite, was never
headed in the concluding mile selling run.
As the wire was approached Commis
sioner Forster closed strongly. • losing by
only a neck. ,Ishtar, another, three-year
old, ran third. • - .
When once. before Thaddeus and Orfeo
met the former met with some poor racing
luck and lost the decision by a scant
margin. In the two-year-old event yes
terday he turned the tables on the Mac
donough entry, winning all the way at
odds of 7 to 10. : Somenos a 75 to 1 shot,
ran third,- four lengths behind Orfeo.
Caesar Young's fast filly Tower of Can
dles gave the slip to a bunch of speedy
ones, in the , six furlong selling event,
touching the wire in 1:13 flat. 'Lee Jack
son took her out, in front and, setting
a hot pace, she" beat Sir Hampton, a 12
to 1 outsider,: half a lengrth. - Ransch on
Rollick, the secon* choice, took the show.
Pupil made his first start at the meeting.
-Bob Smith's chestnut . horse Marshal
Neil furnished the first, disappointment.
Played down to 9 to 10 lathe betting on
the Futurity course sprint, .he finished
third with Bullman, swerving badly the
last part under punishment. Afghan, the
second choice, i with Lee Jackson up, won
almost easily from the 15 to 1 outsider
Onyx, piloted by Spencer.
; Four , favorites," Thaddeus, Tower of
Candles, Watercure and Wyoming, gave
good accounts of themselves. Bullman,
O'Connor and Lee Jackson divided saddle
honors, each. piloting two winners.
v ' handicap at the track over the
bay yesterday at one mile and a v sixteenth
without ever being: shaken up by Winnie
O'Connor. Josle G, 108, and Edgardo,
wlth\^ nlnety-flve - pounds - In the saddle,
were the ' chestnut's . opponents. On the
ferryboat some of the curbstone brokers
laid 4'to 5 about Watercure, but 1 to 2
was the prevailing ;price In the ring. The
race .was- run to "order for the favorite.
The pace set by the two cheap ones was
slow and* when ready O'Connor and his
mount galloped in first.- Josle G showed
no inclination^ to go the route, losing the
place by, more than- half a. dozen lengths.
MAVING only two to dance attend
ance upqn. Green Morris* crack
I horse . Watercure, carrying 120
pounds, captured the Hay wards
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Third Race — Hudson. Venecia, Adirondack.
Fourth Race — Autollght, Position, Water
scratch.
Fifth Race— Expedient, Slddons, Plead.
Sixth Race — Bernota, Floronso, Reina d*
Cuba.
W. W. Van Arsdale's Dog
.Captures All- Age ;
Stake. ; .
Jower of Candles Runs a Fast Six Furlongs—Old Sly Disposes of a
Clever Bunch of Platers — Thaddeus Turns the Tables on Orfeo.
Wyoming Leads From the §tart in at Mile Selling Event
DR. DANIELS WINS
IN FIELD TRIALS
WATERCURE ENJOYS AN OUTING
IN THE HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
CRACK JOCKEYS DIVIDE THE SADDLE HONORS AT OAKLAND
THE SAN FRA-KClSCp GALL, THtrKSDAYjJANTTABY 16; 1902,
Four Olympic Club Athletes to Compete With the Cleverest Man
in the Country in Annual American Championship Events
.,. Which Will Probably Be Held Early Next Month inXhicago
CRACK BOXERS AND SWIMMERS
OF THE COAST WILL GO EAST
OAKLAND RACETRACK— "Wednesday, Jan. 15.— "Weather fine. Track fast.
3143. FIRST RACE— -Futurity course; selling; four-year-olda and up; to flrst. $325.
[ — p ~ J '¦ Betting.
Index [Horse.' Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Pin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
•ai<ffl" ifshflji ». 132 2 2 n 1 n : 1'1 1 4 CO. Ray Jackson 2 3
3130 Onfi 6 -"".117 6 62 6 6 6» 2n W. P. Fine Spencer 12 13
also SSrrtal N;iL"'4.-.lS 1 3 % 3 1 "2 n « * ' g- A. Smith.... Bullman 11
ooja R Khpnnard B 122 3 12 21 3n 4 1 B. A.^CThilson Prior 20 30
3Wti4 GWalne 4 1W 4 U 42 4n 55 W. E.*Cotton. ...Mounce 6 «
8075 Krttto Clark' 's" 122 5 53 53 6 tf ti 10 P. E. Smith. . ..McGinn 40 ICO
™>0i idai-tw S 116 7 7 6 7 15 7 10 7 5 J. C. Nealon Conley 100 30O
: 2969 El Arte' 6 117 9 0 81 »' * 8 5 L. H.Cody Ransom 50 S0O
3012 Triadltzaf's"":^ 8 85 9 t> » J- "VV- Schorr. .J. Woods) 8 25
Time— To }i. :21*i; to %. :46: last %. 1:01%: short %. 1:11%. Good start. Won cleverly.
Sd and third driving. Winner? C. O. Ray's ch g. by Inverne.8- Affinity. Afghan
best. Onyx came from far back. Marshal Neil couldn't handle the weight. Too far for
Blanche Sheppard.
3144. SECOND RACE — Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; to first. $328.
— — — — ~"j — ~ ~ . Betting.
Index Horse and. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Tin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3126) Thaddeus * 110 ~1 77. ITT 1112 Burns & Watrhs..Bullmn 7-10 1-2
(3109) Orfeo 113 "3 24 24 W. Macdonougb..O-Conr 8-5 11-5
3070 Somenos 113 2 3 1 3 ta A. Josephs... ..J. Woods 15 ,5
.... Mi Reina 110 4 410 415 Baldwin & Co. ..Ransom 8 12
Chiffonie- 113 5 5 10 6 25 Montana Stable.. McGinn 15 73
3079 Estrellada 110 6 ...... 6 6 |Baldwln & Co.. .Jackson * *
Time— Vi. :23%; 3%f, :42%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Winner,
Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Altamax-Talluda. Winner best. Orfeo ran his race.
Somenos is Improving. Eatrellada bumped at start and away poorly. 'Coupled with Mi
• Reina. ; _ ]---~~~ n A ,v~^-v J >^^_rw-o-w^r^_ru-T^^^
3145. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; foiir-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
~ I ~~ i ! / BetUng.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3104 T. of Candles, 4.. 102 2 12 12 12 1% Caesar Young... Jacison 8-5 7-8
3C63 Sir Hampton, 6.. .110 3 42 8 1% 3 1 2n George Miller. .T. Burns 4 10
3129 Rollick, 4 104 1 3 n 4 4 2h 3 3 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 2 13-5
3095 The Miller, 6 108 6 61 51 5 1 45 G. P. McNeil... A. Kelly 10 30
aOSq Matt Hosan, 6 110 4 2 1 * 2 n 4 n 5 5 Magrane &¦ Co..Bullman 6-2 3
3110 February, a 108 7 7 6 7 10 6 5 6 20 J. S. Gibson Howson 20 75
(2074) Pupil, 5 .....107 8 8h 62 71 71 C. Ldnd O'Connor 10 2O
3121 St. Rica, 4....... 103 8 8 8 J. P. Atkln....J. Woods 25 150
Time— X, :24; %, :47%; %. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Caesar
Young's b. m. by Candlemas-Duchess of Towers. Tower was flickering at the end. Sir
Hampton ran a game race. Rollick probably best at a trifle longer route. Hogan passed it
' up. -Track too hard for Pupil. Scratched — Coming Event 105. Cuban Girl 1&-Z-
3146. FOURTH RACE— 1'1-16 miles; Haywards handicap; 3-year-olds A up; to first, $500.
j i '. '¦ '. ' | '¦ '¦ i ' ; ' ~ BetUng.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . %. .%. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3129 Watercure," 5 ... .120 13 3 In 1 %, G. B. Morris 1. .O'Connor 1-2 1^2
3116 Edgardo, 5 . »5 2 1 n • 2 3 21 28 J. Burrows — ..Jackson 5 0-2
3115 Josle G. 3 108 3 2 2 In 3 3 |J. S. Gibson Howson 2 7-2
Time— }4. :25%; %, :51; %, 1:16%; m, 1:41%; 1 l-16m, 1:47%. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond driving. Winner, G. B. Morris* ch. g. by Watercress-Lena's First. There wa3 no pace,
which just suited Watercure. Josie'G probably needs resting up.
3147. ¦ FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year-olda and up; to first, $325.
~~ "~~ [ ~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. ,#. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3115 Sly. a 107 3 3 3 3 % 3 h 13 D. M. Hanlon. .O'Connor 5 ~5
3098 The Fretter. 6... 112 54h 41 43 2% F. J. CRourke. .Mounce 8 5
2953 May W, a 102 4 2 1 lh In 8 2 E>. Cameron Ransch 4 »
3116 The Pride, 6 108 2 1 n 2 2 2 n 41 T. H. Ryan J. Woods 6-5 1
3116 Bathos, 6 107 6-7 7 6 2 5 1 • J. J. Moran McGinn 15 25
3116 Beau Ormonde, 4.. 104 7. 62 52 51 8 10j VV. O'B. Macdon'gh.Jack 6 K
3131 Har. Thatcher. 5.105 1 5h 6% 7 7 XV. Johnson See 100 500
Time— %, :23&; %. :47*4; %. 1:13%; %, 1:26%. Good start. Won easily. Second ami
third driving. 'Winner. D. M. Hanlon' s b. m. by Racine- Aurelia II. O'Connor on winner
- • rode a superb race. The Fretter might have- won but for being cut off about a^furlon?
' from home. May W hung when challenged. The Pride gave it up in stretch. Beau Or
monde away poorly. Scratched — Dean Swift 04. Matin Bell SO, Rasp 101. William F 104.
Vesuvlan 112. ._ _ _ ¦
3148; SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3124 Wyoming, a 113 1 In In l%ln Brown & Co. ...Bullraan 111-10
3138 Com. Forster. 3.. 98 5 3 h 3 n 2 1% 2 1 J. W. Schorr Ransch 5 7
3114 Ishtar, 3......'..-. 80 7 6 2 -.4 2 3 3 '3 4 Burlingame Farm... Daly 10 12
8007 Milas, 3 ......105 2 ..4'h. 5.% 5.1 4h ' Jennings & Co Burns ' 3 0-2
<3106> Kitty Kelly, 5 111 4 .2 h 2 1 4 h 6-K ¦- W. L. Stanflfld.. Jackson T "8
(3113) Snowberry, . 3 ....87 6 7n 6 2 6 4,6 5. Kaufman & Co. .Redfern 8 ' , 10
3117 Mission. 6 100 3 6%8 72 72' Jame3 Wilson.... McGinn 15 60
(3102) M. I>. Rothch'd, 4.110 8 8 718 8 J. M. Crane Mounce 15 15
Time— Y*. :25%; %. :49%; %. 1:14%; mile. 1:40%. Good start. Won flm thre« driving.
Winner. J. G. Brown & Co.'* b. g. by Pardee-Caprlce. Winner contrary to custom made
the pace.- Com. Forster stood a. Ions drive. Milas has a. bad ankle. Ishtar ran a nice race
Too much weight on Kitty Kelly. Scratched — Decoy 111. Goldone 112. Captivate 102, Mc-
Namara, 109. ' _^
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. an4 Stab
Beecham's
Pills
To Assimilate Food
see that your stomach and
liver are in proper condition.
To do it easily and pleasant-
ly take
Dr. Halpruner . will give trial A treatment
from -2 to 5 p. m. every «Ja5v'-excepf- Sunday
and Saturday, at bis offloe, 28 California
«U« t .
/fhlpruner&.
TRIAL TREATMENT TREE.
Another thing— don't let the drug-
gist talk you out of getting Halpru-
ner's— they wiU if they can. The dol-
lar size contains three times the quan-
tity of the small size — a;sk for "it.
The inhalations will clear out your
head at once — the internal 1 dose "will
stop the cause, and before you know
it the ccld is gone and you feel all
right.
Some people may doubt this, -but
'that doesn't make a bit of difference.
Halpruner's has the right ingredients
to cure colds quickly, and that's ex-
actly what it does — no matter what
any one says.
Take a teaspoonful internally in a
glass of water or milk every hour, and
also pour a few drops on your hands
tind then hold under the nose and
inhale it. .
, What's the use ox sense of your
going about snuffling- and" watering at
the nose and eyes, with a cold in the
head, when you can get rid of the cold
at once if you will use Halpruner's
Wonderful Medicine? ; ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SORES AMD
ULCERS.
Sores and Ulcers never become chronis
unless the blood is in poor condition — is
sluggish, -weak and unable to throw off
the poisons that accumulate in it. The
system nrust be relieved of the unhealthy
matter through the sore, and great danger
to life -would follow should it heal before
the blood has been made pure and healthy
and all impurities eliminated from the sys-
tem. S.S ; S.begin3 the cure by first cleans-
ing and invigorating the blood, building
up the general health and removing from
miJEUSa A CONSTANT DRAIN
effete^Uei: VPOM THE SYSTEM.
When this has been accomplished the, dis-
charge gradually ceases, and the sore or
ulcer heals. It is the tendency of these old
indolent sores to grow •worse and worse,
and eventually to destroy the bones. Local
applications, -while soothing and to some
extent alleviate pain, cannot reach the seat^
of the trouble. S. S. S. does, and nevnatter
how apparently hopeless your condition,
even though your constitution has broken
down, it will bring relief when nothing
else can. It supplies the rich, pure blood
necessary to heal the sore and nourish
the debilitated, diseased body.
Mr. J. B. Talbert, Loci Box z45.Winona, Miss.,
' say3 : " Six years ago my lcjr from the knee to
the foot vfzs one solid sore. Several physicians
treated me and I nade two trips to Hot Springs,
but found no relief. I was uidnced to try S. S. 3 ,
and it nade a complete cur^ I have beea a per-
fectly well man ever since."
S/$P^I /^& s oa ty p ure iy v *s*
¦K^ fa,^ etable blood purifier
known — contains no
fefcrjw ftScttl P°* sonous minerals to
ruin the digestion, and
add to, rather than relieve your suffer-
ings. If your flesh does not heal readily
when scratched, bruised or cut, your blood
is in bad condition, and any ordinary sore
is apt to become chronic.
Send for our free book and write our
physicians about your case. We make no
charge for this service.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.'
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J C WIT SON £ CD 800 Battery Street.
J- W- n lLJU;i g W'J- . Telephone Matn 13&4.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. *
JAS RftYFS&Cfl Shipping Bute!»ers. 101
JAJ' PUlEJttlAJ ciay. Tel. Main 1204.
OILS. ~
LUBRICATING O.ILS. LEONARD it ELL13.
418 Front %t. s K. F. Phone Main 1710.
PRINTING.
EC RIIfiHP^ PRINTER.
• w« m tints B11 San8Ome g t .. s. ?.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE H1CJCS-JUDD CO.. *
23 First street, Saa Francisco.
, iFINANCIAL; SECRETARY , OF
COURT 1 WASHINGTON, WHO HAS
BEEN HONORED BY BROTHERS.
Officer McMurray of the. Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children found
Mrs. G. A. Gullford of 525% Howard street
In the Parrott building yesterday engaged
in collecting money on a story of destitu
tion.' Her method of procedure was - to
send her boy into the offices with a writ
ten petition for assistance and to relieve
him of contributions when he reappeared.
It is stated by the society officials that if
ehe Is caught at the business again, she
will be • prosecuted for causing a minor
child to bee.
Caught Duping the Charitable.
Two internal revenue 'decisions' of lni-'
portance to the business community were
communicated yesterday to Internal Rev
enue Collector John C. Lynch. -v The first
Is by Comptroller. R. J. Tracewell, to the
effect that revenue . taxes^ on medicinal
proprietary articles shipped to the Philip
pines cannot 'be 'allowed a drawback
Drawback extends only to articles export
ed to a country outside the Jurisdiction of
the United States. : The second is by At
torney; General P. C. Knox> to the effect
that a memorandum of delivery of certifi
cates of 8tock deposited as collateral.se
curity for the payment of money is tax
able under the first paragraph of schedule
A, act of June 13, 1S98; now a part of the
act of 190L x . /
' - " ' ' \- I ' -¦•' •'
Internal Revenue Decisions.
George Heimrod, recently appointed
Consul General of the United States at
Apia. Samoa, was tendered a reception
and banquet at the Maison Alladio yes
terday afternoon by a number of former
residents of Omaha now engaged in busi
ness In this city. George J. Sternsdorff
acted as .toastmaster, and many, toasts
complimentary to the guest of honor were
responded to. Those present were Charles
Clifford, Dr. T. F. Brennen, G. J. Sterns
dorff, Henry Gibson, Edmund Burke, Dr.
Gustave Susdorff, W. G. Taffender, S. C.
Nash, E. A. Barnes, C. W. Baker, F. C.
Tuttle and C. A. Kullman
Banquet Samoan Consul General.
At the annual election of the Sunnyslde
Improvement Club, held at Park View
Hall Tuesday night, the following officers
•were elected: Edward Ewald, president;
J. J. Walsh, vice president; S. L,. A.
Jones, secretary: Herman • Morris, treas
urer: Charles Harris, sergeant-at-arms;
executive committee— Daniel Foley. Rich
ard Keller, C. G. Larsen, W. H. Thomey,
Wallace P. Angelo and C. F. Lincoln.
Improvement Club Officers Elected
The action was brought by the Inter
state Commerce Commission to enforce
an order made by it in 1900 requiring a
reduction of the through rate for sugar
frcm San Francisco to Kearney, Neb.
The attorneys interested are J. E.
Foulds for the Southern Pacific Company.
George A. Knight for the Union Pacific
Railroad and L. A. Shaver of Washington
for the Interstate Commerce Commission.
' There will be no trial in the matter of
the Interstate Commerce Commission
against the Southern Pacific and the Un
ion Pacific railroad companies The attor
neys for the respective parties came to
gether yesterday and stipulated that cer
tain questions of law be submitted to the
Federal court for decision.
Federal Court.
Questions of Law Involved to
SUGAR BATE CASE
WILL BE SUBMITTED
Attorneys Stipulate to Refer the
Jim Fook was tried before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on a charge of petty
larceny for stealing a gold bracelet, val
ued at $33. rrcm Wong Bow's store, at S10
Dupont Ftreet. He conducted his own case
and showed that he was thoroughly fa
miliar with the law. The evidence was
too strong against him, however, and he
v.as convicted and sentenced to five
months' imprisonment in the County Jail.
Chinese Unsucessfully Plays Lawyer
Gordon Gets Ten Months.
J. H. Gordon appeared before Judge Ca
banlss yesterday on two charges of grand
larceny. He was accused of stealing a
postoffice order from John H. Fitzmaurice
and some papers from R. Kearny, both
•^x-Foldiers living at the International
Hotel. As the postoflSce order had not
been indorsed and was therefore value
less, and the papers taken from Kearny
h2d no monetary value, the Judge reduced
the charges to petty larceny and sen
tenced Gordon to five months in the
County Jail on each charge.
PITTSBURG, Jan. 15.— A gliastly discov
ery was made to : day when a neighbor,
hearing cries in the residence of Vincent
Vencelsick, • a Pole, at 209 Spring alley,
broke open the door and found the bed
room'-of the house saturated with .blood.
Mrs. Vencelsick lay dead beside the bed.
Her face and head were crushed beyond
recognition.- Three . little children, their
heads and bodies covered with cuts . and
gashes, and the husband, almost dead,
were also lying on the floor. ¦, r .
Yxoxn. what could he learned It appears
that ¦ Vencelsick \ came home intoxicated
last night and attacked his wife with u
rail cutter: The first blow inflicted a gash
on her shoulder and knocked her down,
but --she 'was on her feet again In an In
stant and with such weapons as she could
find in the room she defended herself.,
(The three children were asleep in one
of the beds. The father rushed to the bed
and rained blow -after blow * upon the
sleeping little ones. . The sharp edge of
the cutter hacked the children in a fright
ful . manner, ¦ and the hospital physicians
say there is very little hope of their re
covery. \ , - ¦¦¦'.•¦
The attack on the children infuriated
the wife, and with a knife in each hand
she sprang at her husband and stabbed
him a number of times. He struck her
several times during the close battle, and
seeing that she was getting weak \ he
brought the cutter down on. her skullVwlth
all his force. - - :
. By the time he had killed his wife Ven
celsick was. exhausted.' He fell to the
floor and -lay there throughout the night,
unable to move.. The moans of the chtl
dren this morning were what attracted the
neighbors. A strange man who was found
In the house by the police was locked up.
He refuses to talk.
Child Confesses Her Crime
v WICHITA, Kan., Jan. ; 15.— Nellie Cor
nelson, the eleven-year-old girl ¦ who
killed her" baby sister with a razor, yes
terday and charged her five-year-old
brother with the crime, confessed to-day
that she didit.but was unable to assign
any reason, for. the act. She said the no
tion; to. kill her sister came into her head
and that she could not resist her sudden
oassion for blood. ;
Deputy Jordan visited the Lincoln Evening
School. This school is very largely attended,
having between 1500 and 1600 pupils, probably
the largest evening school in the United
States." The principal states that several com
plaints have been made that his pupils have
been waylaid and maltreated on • their '. way
home: that they have received some protection
from the police. He urges special protection for
tnem. .; , ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
The Spring Valley School should be supplied
with new blackboards at * once, as it is im
possible for the teachers or pupils to do good
legible work on the ones in . use. Better ar
rangement of seats. The yards are too damp
the planks being close together the water
stands after rains and heavy fogs. ' :
The commercial department of the Lincoln
School should be segregated and established as
a public commercial school and its every need
supplied. Nearly one hundred positions have
been found for graduates or students during the
past year. -¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Superintendent Webster recommends in
his report that the course of study should
be revised. The report continues:
The Buena Vista School building was
accepted and a demand drawn for $12,
039 50 in payment for the same. ,
Attorney Costello's demand that Mrs.
Geraldine Boyle be reinstated was com
plied with! ~
A resolution had been prepared assign
ing Miss M. O'Malley to the stenography
class in the Lincoln Evening School, but
on Mark's motion the name of Mrs. Boyle
was substituted. — :
W. H; Hutton was appointed care-taker
of the playground at Seventh and.Har
rison streets at a salary of $75 per month.
Superintendent Webster was authorized
to spend $600 for books lor indigent pupils.
Principals were notified to maintain the
temperature in the classrooms at 65 de
grees and to report if the heating facili
ties are insufficient.
Director Roncovieri was placed in
charge of the supply department. Direc
tor Casserly in charge of the repair de
partment and Director Mark will have
supervision of the high schools.
Miss M. Richards was transferred from
the Burnett to the Irving Scott School
and Miss Rosa Claiborne. f rom the Hamil
ton lo a new class in the Spring . Valley
School.
The prinlcpal of the Crocker School rec
ommended the formation of a p new class,
but action was deferred.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and authorized Superintendent Webster to
begin an investigation of a charge that
Dr. Max Magnus, director of physical cul
ture in the department, devotes but little
time to the performance of his duties.
This action was taken as the result of a
suggestion made by teachers that the
wortt in physical culture should be more
frequently exemplified. Director Ron
covieri said that he had been informed by
a teacher that Magnus had appeared at
her k chool for but six minutes during his
Incumbency. s
Three new classes were formed in the
Girls' High School. On recommendation
of Principal Brooks Miss Sophia Hobe
and Miss Beatrice Reynolds were, as
signed to the school named, subject to two
years' probation," and Miss Marion Mitch
ener was appointed special teacher of
drawing.
Mrs. A. J. Stimmel was assigned to a
new class In the Washington Evening
School. %
Wife o,f a Pennsylvania
Pole Killed by Her
Husband.
Three More Teachers As
signed to the Girls'
High SchooV
DIES DEFENDING
HER CHILDREN
BOARD FORMS
NEW CLASSES
a OLDEN Gate Hall was thronged
last night with members and
friends of 'Court "Washington > of
the Foresters of America who
thoroughly enjoyed an entertain
ment, a presentation and a so
cial dance. The hall was decorated In
The resignation of Adolph Kahn, stew
ard at the Emergency Hospital, was ac
cepted.
The Board of Works was requested to
estimate the cost of demolishing certain
unsanitary buIJding-s in Chinatown, as
recommended by resolution of the Board
of Supervisors. •
Dr. Herbert C. Moffatt was appointed
consulting physician without pay at the
City and County Almshouse.
Dr. J. M. Williamson was re-elected
chairman of the board.
Dr. Buckley thought it would be un
wise to expend such a large sum of money
for the hospital if the measure now before
Congress should be adopted.
The board adopted a resolution request
ing the Board of Supervisors to hold in
abeyance the expenditure of $15,000 for the
acquisition of a site for the pesthouse
and leper hospital. The resolution recites
that Representative Wilcox of Hawaii has
introduced a bill in Congress for the pur
pose of having 1 the United States Govern
ment take charge of the Molokai leper
colony, as well as all lepers within ihe
jurisdiction of the United States.
Resolved, That all inventors and manufac
turers of appliances with perrr.Icidal proper
ties for attachment to telephones be hereby
requested to fom-ard working models of same
?or examination to the office or this board
within the next sixty days.
Whereas, Means for the elimination of this
danger should be sought fcr in all earnest
ness. Therefore be it
Whereas. A very- violent agent in the dis
semination of disease is ' to be found In tele
phones, particularly those In public use; and
"VVhereas. The conservation of the public
health by the adoption of all practicable sani
tary measures is the chief duty of thte board;
and
The Board of Health adopted a resolu
tion yesterday which declares that tele
phone transmitters harbor germs of dis
ease and expresses the board's intention
to adopt measures of- safety. The resolu
tion was introduced by Dr. Buckley, who,
wiih Dr. Williamson. Colonel Mendel and
Chief of Police Wittman. voted in favor
of it. while Drs. Lewitt, Bauxn and Ward
dissented. The resolution follows:
and Urg-es Postponement of
Pesthouse Site Purchase.
Health Board Would Regulate Thsm
SEES GRAVE DANGER IN
TELEPHONE TRANSMITTERS
RESIDENTS S Or, NEEDLES V ; '
: : TO BE i TTNDISTTJRBED
Decision . of . United States Supreme
Court '.-.Will' Not Cause Property
Owners to Suffer. ,
The legal department of 'the Southern
Pacific, Cbrnpany : denies the report •'that
the residents t of the town of Needles are;
In fear of lofting their homes and prop
erties owing to the recent decision which
was handed down In favor of the South
ern Pacific Company by the United States
Supreme Court. 'An official saia yester
day that- no communication or suit hart
been filed* by any property owner of the
town, i ; • ..*'.¦•
In speaking of the matter the official
said "that- the town of Needles was now
Southern Pacific property, but that near
ly all the owners of property in that sec
tion had land contracts with the company.
The holders of contracts will be undis
turbed and those who do. not hold con
tracts will be fairly treated, as it is the
policy of the railroad company to build
up the towns as much as possible and to
Induce people to settle and make homes
In that district. •
Ah Qp-w.TJsed an Ax.
Ah Gow,! a.' Chinaman, had a dispute
.with- Ah Yung on New Year's day about,
a Chinese woman and struck Ah Yurig
on the head with an ax. -Yesterday. Gow
was held to answer by Judge Mogan on a
charge of: assault with a -deadly weapon
in $500 bonds.:': - ' .;
pink and green and American- flags were
displayed In abundance. After a musical
programme and fancy dances by Miss .T.
Shemanski, Miss Q. Tilton and Miss M.
Sharpe, S. Samuels, Jack Harris',
Miss Marguerite* Cronin and •, Miss. Irene
Kamena, Past Chief Ranger Syl Shaben,
on behalf of the court, presented M. C.
Lasky, who has just completed his twen
ty-fifth term as. financial secretary, with
a handsome case of silver tableware and
silver. plated knives. The presentation
was made in recognition of Lasky' s long
service and faithful stewardship. Lasky
in accepting the tribute ; of . friendship
made a short speech, thanking the mem
bers for their expression of good 'will.
The programme closed .with a recitation
by Thomas Hickey, song by Miss Blanche
Trelease and a few minutes with Billy
Hynes. The entertainment was conduct
ed by. the following committee of arrange
ments: George Young. M. Brady, .H.
Goldman, A. A.' Lewis, J. Brachmann,
D. G. Greaney and Samuel Schweitzer. A.
A. Lewis was floor manager and was as
sisted by D. G. Greaney, William Ryan,
D. Lewis, H. Demartinl,' Max Meyer, J.
Eagen and O. B. Greenbaum.
Phillips: notified the police, and early
yesterday morning Kdith Graham was ar
rested and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of gram, larceny, the police sus
pecting her of having roooed Phillips. She
appeared before. Judge Cabanlss yester
day and the case Was continued till Mon
day. •-¦..•¦ ¦¦:-'¦ -. • U :
v Sadler, says he went back to the Olympia
and spoke of his loss to .a man '.'with .'a
white necktie dotted with red flowers." who
seemed to sympathize ' with "him. Sadler
after treating! the; man with the Impres
sive necktie to several drinks took him to
his room and his bed with him.
When .: Sadler 'awoke the stranger;' had
disappeared, and ;; so : had . Sadler's
coat, in one of the pockets of which was
$73 in currency. ' Sadler reported his losses
to Jthe police. :. . •¦...¦ .
'A man named. Phillips -also had an ex
traordinary experience : Sunday .. nte'nt
and Monday morning. He met a woman
on Turk street; about' 8 o'clock Sunday
night and she took him to her room at 2(K)
Turk street, v He drank with her and left
her. /About 2 o'clock Monday morning he
was accosted by a woman in a saloon on
Eday street and she robbed him of -.$30.
An hour later he discovered that his dia
mond ring, valued at $100, was missing.
J. K. - Sadler, ; a recent arrival , .from St.
Louis, Mo., "while' in the Olympia music
hall shortly after midnight yesterday
was ' approached Y by a young '¦ woman,
whom he took | to his room .at' 23 Turk
.street. While he was absent, he claims,
she took $27 from his overcoat pocket. ; .
Ex-Mayer Phelan was Barbour's spon
sor and Brandenstein acquiesced in the
latter's appointment, but now that Phelan
has been retired to private life Branden
stein has transferred his support to Mol
loy. Brandenstein acknowledges that the
work has progressed very sluwiy, but Bar.
bour claims to have made considerable
headway. Barbour points with pride to
his discovery of an absurd ordinance now
on the city's statute books which "pro
hibits the use of masks in the commis
sion of robbery and other crimes," as if a
criminal could escape conviction on the
technicality that he had not used a mask
in the commission of a crime.
The ordinance authorizing the appoint
ment of a clerk to revise the existing or
dinances and to suggest amendments to
the charter will come up for final passage
before the Board of Supervisors next
Monday, and Thomas S. Molloy has been
selected to fill the position. Brandenstein
is the author of the ordinance and has
interested a number of his colleagues in
Molloy's claims. It is certain that Clitus
Barbour. who has held the position for
eleven j months past, will be displaced.
Molloy is a lawyer and has an office in
the same building with Brandenstein.
Molloy is now representing the incumbent
Supervisors in the recount before Judge
Murasky at Brandenstein's behest.
The work of revising the ordinances has
already cost the city sllOO. which was paid
to Barbour as salary. Molloy's appoint
ment will add $400 to the previous cost.
and the work is far from completed, iloi
loy's appointment will be for four months
only, but In this connection it may be
stated that the ordinance passed on Janu
ary 28, 1901, appointing Barbour to the po
eition specified that in no event was his
employment to exceed a period of four
months. When Barbour's four months ex
pired, on May 2S. he was continued as
clerk without further legal action, and his
salary for June was paid out of the ur
gent necessity fund. When the tax budget
was adopted for 1901-1902 an appropriation
of 5600 was made to pay Barbour for six
months more. This six months has ex
pired and Barbour no longer holds the
position.
Ella Burt. who "chutes the chutes" on
a bicycle. Is still the chief sensation at
the Chutes and Zoo. The usual amateur
bill goes to-night. ¦ /
At Fischer's Concert House this week
the attractions are unusually strong ar.<!
the house is crowded at every perform
ance. Next Monday the house will be
closed for extensive alterations, aftcc
whlch a burlesque company .will be
brought direct from New York.
The Orpheum, as usual, has packed
houses. Kara, the great juggler, Ecores
a distinct success, the three Faust sis
ters offer an unusually good contortion
dance, and Arthur Buckner, the trick
cyclist, is a" wonder in his way. Jacques
Inaudi, the mathematical wonder, keeps
the audience in a state of suspended in
terest. Kddie Girard and Jessie Gardner
are thoroughly amusing and Mr. and
Mrs. Gardner Crane. In, "A Happy Pair,"
Alf. Holt, the whistling and mimetic
comedian, and the biograph conclude a
splendid programme. / .
The third and last of the first series
of symphony concerts under the auspices
of the San Francisco Symphony Society
will take place at the Grand Opera-house
Friday afternoon at 3:15 sharo" The pro
gramme includes Mozart's symphony No.
4. "Jupiter"; Donna Diana overture by
E. N. von Rezinicek. "Dreams," by Wag
ner, and Massenet's "Scenes Pittor
esques." The sale of seats is progressing
at Sherman, Clay & Co's. *
The two recitals to be given by Josef
Hofmann. the renowned pianist, at the
Columbia Theater on the afternoons of
Tuesday, January 28, and Friday, January
31, will doubtless attract good houses. The
programmes to be rendered on both occa
sions are attractive, and from all accounts
Hofmann will prove as great a success
here as he has In all parts of the Eastern
country and throughout Europe. The ad
vance sale of seats will open next • Mon
day morning at the store of Sherman,
Clay & Co.
"Under the Gaslight," the famous
Augustin Daly melodrama, is doing excel
lent business at the Central Theater. The
play is well put on and the railroad scene
is a very clever piece of stage mechanism.
Annette Marshall, -Margaret- -Marshall.
Georgie Cooper, WiUard Blackmore, Hal
lett Thompson and George Webster all do
good work in their respective parts. "The
Fire Patrol" will go on next week.
The new romantic play at the Alcazar,
"For the, White Rose,'.' is serving to
amuse good houses in spite of its crudi
ties, the drama is weil mounted, well
costumed and as well played as its exi
gencies , will allow. Mr. Alsop as the
swashbuckling hero is successful, and
Miss Convere as the heroine is also every
thing that can be expected under the cir
cumstances. "Coralie & Co.'.' follows.
"Claire and the Forgemaster" is pleasing
the patrons of the Urand Opeia-house,
and is being well interpreted by the house
company. Herschel Mayail as Philippe
I>erblay does the right thing by the role
for the most part, and Laura Nelson Hail
is a clever and graceful Ciaire. Next
week will see Edwin Arden in "Don
Caesar de Bazan," with the house com
pany in support.
"Old Jed Prouty," the clever pastoral
play now at the California, is drawing
large houses. Richard Golden's sympa
thetic conception of the old countryman
forms the chief interest of the production
and is one pt the cleverest things of its
kind now on the pastoral stage. Next
comes Frederick Warde, the tragedian,
in a repertoire of classic plays. His open
ing play will be "Julius Caesar," to be
produced on Sunday night next and re
peated on Monday and Tuesday nights.
"The MountebanK" will be given 'on
Wednesday and Thursday nights and at
the Saturday matinee. "Virginius" will
be the Friday night bill, and "King Lear"
goes on Saturday night.
These are the last days of the popular
extravaganza "Little Red Kiding hood"
at the TivpH. Next week the comic opera
season wiil be inaugurated with the fa
vorite opera of last' season. "The Toy
maker." The opera first announced,' "The
Ameer,!' has had to be deferred on ao
count of the indisposition of Anna Lich
ter, who has not yet arrived 'from New
York. "The Ameer" is positively an
nounced for the week qf January 27, and
in the meantime "The Toymaker" will
furnish enjoyable entertainment. .
Next week the Kirke La Shelle comic
opera company will make its first appear
ance in this city in the comic opera suc
cess "The Princes Chic." The name role
will be essayed by a Californian singer
who has won fame as an operatic artist.
Maude Lillian Berri. a former Oakland
girl. Among athe supporting company Is
Thomas C. Leary, once a favorite come
dian at the Tivoli.
The Shakespearean revival at the Colum
bia Theater this week with Mme. Modjeska
and Louis James is filling the house with
large and interested audiences. The chief
novelty of the season is the production of
"Henry VIII," that will be put on for the
last time to-night. It is scenically splen
did, a production showing care to its last
detail. . Mme. Modjeska. Is at her best
as Queen Katherine and Mr. James satis
fies as Cardinal Wolsey. To-morrow even
ing "The 1 Merchant of Venice" will be put
on, "Mary Stuart" at the Saturday mati
nee and "Macbeth" on Saturday evening.
The New Drama, "For the
White Rose," Pleases
Alcazar Patrons.
UnpleasantfExperience of An
other Man With Two
% Females.
Supervisor JBrandenstein Se
cures the Plum for His
Friend.
Shakespearean* Revival
at the Columbia Fills
the Theater.
He Will Continue Work
of Rs vising City
Ordinances^
He Is Robbed by Woman,
Th e n by a Sympa
thetic Man.
BILLS OF MERIT
AT PLAYHOUSES
MOLLOY TO GET
BARBOUR'S JOB
SADLER'S TRUST
SADLY SHAKEN
Members of Court -Washington of vthe For
esters of America Present M. Lasky
With Handsome Case;of Tab-eSilverware
REWARD THEIR SECRETARY
FOR FAITHFUL SERVICES
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY '16, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'.' A. L; Huslng.;Alma,VW. Va., writes: "I suf-
fered ' frightfully for 20 . years - from \ itching,
blind and bleeding ; piles. o I. tried rhany." reme-
dies { without V relief ; 'the .first .', application? of
Pyramid Pile Cure gave blessed relief and part
of .' a : BO-cent . box; cured f me ' completely. 1 ?: ¦"- For
sale' by] all > druggists/- f Little .' book,V.V! 'Piles,
Causes and Cure,';5 mailed I ree. • Pyramid Drue
Co "** Marshall "Mich. . '¦ ¦ ¦
Suff ©red 20 Years.
:.>.' Gaai*ed of Piles.
§ On the Wing. |
S Reputation travels like the wind. %
• Over the Continent the Ameri-
% can Gentleman's Whiskey —
3b ¦ rj^ \ I B h m Jt 8 t _t^ I '-¦ %
I .¦'•¦¦bBi^ Baltimore ,. I
i ' name for what a
!R§S^C ¦, v itfBSpStk ' Prnrliirt •<*
wSBpty^j-^^pagl r ruaucii &'
A good thing w
pfflggX^XijJ^i^pEJi passes from lip 5v
CHHISTT & WISE COMMISSION CO., Ine.,
. 327 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal. . T*.
Telephone Main 87S. Pfe
PERFECT
Tooth' Powder
Used by people of refinement
for' over, a: Quarter of a century.
(1 ?PATENTsf 1)
• MARKET bT.Sf.>>wy
" BAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILS
-.''Via Sausallto Ferry , ¦
CommenclnB ; September 29, 1901.
FROM : SAN FRAJNXISCO TO MILL, VA1.LE I
. ¦ AND SAN- RAFAEL. .
:J WEEKDAYS — 6:B5, 8:30. •»:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 8:15, 4:15, 6:15, •6:15. 6:45 p. ra. •
EXTRA . TRIPS— For ¦ Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Monday i, Wednesdays and Satur-'
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .
• SUNDAYS— »S:0«, '10:00, Ul:30 a. ra.. •1:18.1
8-15, '4:45, = 6:30. 9 :C0 p. m: , . .
Trains marked (•) rumto San Quentln. ¦
FROM SAN. RAFAEL -TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10-15
im., n2:25, 2:15. ,«3:35. 4:40. 5:30 n. m.s , '
.. EXTRA . TRIPS on Mondays, . Wednesdays
*nd Saturdays at 6:45 and9:5j..p. m. ¦¦,-,.-¦
SUNDAYS— 6:15,. *8:00, •1O:OT>.,»11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15,4:45, *6:30 p. -m. : , ?.._-.
• Trains morked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 5:45. .6:45. 7:55. ,8:55. 10:30
a m.. 12:35,"2:45,-3:«), 5:10 p. m. •• ,
. .EXTRA' TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays .At 7:10 and 10:35 p.m;^?.jc
SUNDAYS— 8:05. . 10:05 . a. m.; 12:05, 2:15,
E-30.5-.00. 6:45p.'m. :: " -
-:¦¦¦ . THROUGH TRAINS, i . ::
: • : 6 :55 a. • m. ? week day b— Cazadero and way
eiations. ...''¦ -;.••• . ¦ ¦.••__;..-. '.,*, ".. .-¦
r. ' 1:45 p. m. Baturdays^Duncan Mills and way
etationa. : ¦ '-' ¦ ' "• ¦ ¦ - ., • " ...
, 8:00 a!>m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
'stations.' '- ¦:¦:¦•-. ¦¦;..- \ ¦ ¦•"':¦.', ¦ . .. ¦
• ¦ Legal - Holiday, boats and trains '.will : run ' on
, Bnn^« V llm» • ", V . .-." '.-"*..•' ' ¦'¦¦ ¦¦.''- .-
Established over loo years.
Use Pears' Soap/ no
matter how much; but a
little is enough if you use
it often. ':.-W'i;$
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of habit.
Whoever wants soft
hands, smooth hands, white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
both: that is, if the skin is
naturally transparent; un-
less occupation prevents.
Pears'
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH 'PACIFIC
,. .RAILWAY COMPANY. -,
; ; Tlburon.,Ferry. Foot of .Market St.
. ' ¦'.- ¦'-¦¦'¦ San' . FrawieSawo M» San. Rafaol. -
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. ra.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Tbursdaya— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. - • • - _ • ¦
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:3O. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. «:2O p. m. . " " *'
San Rataol to Pnn Francisco. , . .- -.
WEEK DATS— <J:10, T:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. . 3:40 5 :15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:65 and «:S5 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.,
6:03. 6:25 p. m. ¦ •¦.-¦-•
Leave I In Effect I \ Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28.10011 San -Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I- Week
Days. I days. | Destination t daya. | Days.
7:30am 8:0Oam Ncvato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 8:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm ,6:20pm
Fulton. \
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:C0pm Healdsburs, 10:40am
-. . • »• , Lytton.
Geyserville, *Jt
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 -30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:20pm S:00am ,and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm'
7:3 Cam ~~ 10:40am 10:25am
S :00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6j20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
. •- - , > . . and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. C :05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| l 10^?^ 111 ! 1 ?'"^™
3 :30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs* and White Sulphur Springs: at
Fulton for Altrurla: • at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at GeyservUle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport
and'Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brass.
Westport, Usal. Willits. Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
antl Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
, Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Tawmm-G. n: x. rtan.
¦ Gen. Manager.- ' Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Danv.
< : Leav<»' Market-street Ferry Depot.
~- ' j ¦ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
' ""' "./ Dally Dally Daily Dajly
Lv San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" , Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:06 p 2:35 p "3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a .......
" 'Visalla.. 3:39p... 5:00a..
•• Bakersfld C:15p 5:20p 7:45a
';•• Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a :..
'" Chicago.. ....... 2:15p 9:00p
a lor morning, p for afternoon. •- -
8:00 a. rn. train is the California Lim-
ited, . carrying . Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs - to Bakersfield - for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:03 a. m. daily.
4-20 p.m. 13 Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. dally. ¦ ¦ ' .
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through .Palace and : Tourist " Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. ra.
daily. ' "- ¦' •¦. <
-7:20 *.' m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. - Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
- Offices — 641 Market streejt and in Ferry
; Depot. San Francisco; 1112 -.Broadway.
Oakland. ,. v , < . ' . .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62O BGABST ST. Established
In 1S34 fortbe treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Maonood. Debility or
tiNfase wearlngon body nnd mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnres when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
I'nreniniaraalred. Ciillorwrluv
Dr. J. JF. «IBBO3f. Bau Francisco. Cal. .
Weak Men and Women
Should' use' d ami an a^ bitters, the "
¦ Great • Mexican Remedy: gives neallh t>nd
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 223. Market.
Weekly Call.$1.00 per Year
. RAILWAY TRAVEL.
RArLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
Tralai !•»*•> kh4 «r» duo ¦<• nrrlft »« i
, - •• • man rHjtnt:iNt:o. . '
W (M,j a Una. Toot of Market Stoat*.) ¦* - : . ;
iun — From Dicbmbsr 8, 1301. — ASirvt
7iOO* Benkia, SnUun, Elmira, aad Sacr»-
" meuto 8:3-1*
. "iMl VwarlUa. Wlatnn/Kiuniey 1:.V5»
tiMVk Martina*. San Uanioa. Vnilejo. N»p«.
C«Uilog» »nd 3inu Ron ffiSSy
•:««A D»tIs, Woodland, Knlgau Landinf.
BlmciiTUla, Urof Dleu 7j33*
8:OO* Atlantic K.»pre»«-O B de.i aad Kaat *:***.
8i«m»* Xilea. Lathrop. Stockton 1XSA»
StOOAKUea. Mendota. Hanford. VUalia,
¦ Porterrttle 4U33»
•i»0a ShwU Expren— DstIs, Williams (for
- Bwtlett Sprinaj), Willows. Rad
w- Blufl. PorUandT. 7t»»»
lilti 8>n Jo«e, LiTerraore. Htoekhm.
. lone. MaeraineDtii. Flaettrtille.
M«r]l.»»le. Chteo. Ue<l KlnlT *>%**
8:SOa Oakdale, Ohiiieas,8onora. TuoIodm 4:2<1y
»:OOa Hajward, Nll«f and Waj SUtioui.. I I»3Sa
•tOOAVaileJo... lat«5»
' tiou a Lo* Angela* Express — alartlnez.
¦ ' Tracy. Lathrop. Htonktou. Mereea
Fresno and horn Angelea TiSS*
¦ Vino a V»11bJ.i. M«rti,,«»n.t Wtjr BtaUom J:55f
I«iU(*a The OTorlanil Li nil tad— Ogdeo. U«n-
Tor, Omaha. Cblc»xn »:33»
1liOOp8aera»ituU>lilferHt«aui«Ti flliO«»
S<*»«r nenlcla. Winters. Saeranientai
Woo.llnii.1, KulKbta J.audlng.
MaryaWllo. Oroiille ¦•'OS*.
«iSI»r Hay ward. Nllea and Way Statfona.. ?iS3»
4t««r Martliiex, Hut lUnion, Vallejo.
Napn. t-'alUtogB. 8a»U ICom »iS9*
4rOOf Nile*. LlTsnnore, Stock toa Lodi... IS.aSf
4iH»r Hajward. MIe», San J. 1S e, U^rroora fSi.14*
4:30 r The Owl Umited — Fresno, Tularo.
Ba>ersflelil..8a,n(ua for Santa Bar-
b»r«. Loa Aucelea ., SiSSa,
S.oop Port Cc«:a. Tnicy. Lathrcp, Stockton 1«:M*
Oioop M*rlin*r. AnUoeh, 8tocstoo, Mer-
oed. Fresno IStSS*
• imif Bayw»rd. Nile, and 8an Jo«« 7tA.1»
t«:O»r V»!loj« : lliSS*
•iO«p Oriental Mail— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha. 8*. Ixmia. Obteago 4iSa«>
7i0wr Oregon and Calif iirnla ISxpraM.Haa.
~".-. ; ' i rnnifliilii, Muryxvllln, l:«nMln», ,
1'orHnn.l. I'nget .Sound aiiil Kant Bl39»
••¦•ipSan Pablo. I'..rt Conta, MarUnes
and Way Station* H i23«_
j»rO.1p Vall«l<. 7iOJ»
COAST LINE (Narrorr «itn K «).
. (foot or M» rltft Street.) '
¦t|l»A Netrark.Oniiterillle.Han Joae.Kpltou. i
BoulderCreek.HaiilaGmaand Wa>
HUMona »'3«»
t»il»r Newark Centerrlllo. 8ai.i . lot*, Nm» . ,
Almatten, Fulton, Itouldsr Creek,
8a»U Vim ami l'rlnsipal Way -
SuUon* lrt.no*,
4i1Hr Newark. Ran Jo«e. I.n« Oatos 18>S4»4
«*.8«r Huntera* Train— San Joaa and Way
Btatiom !T.»O»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS f R1.10ISC0— Iva of Huktt Slrwt (Slip 8>— - '
17:15 9:00 11:00a.m.* 1:03 3:J3 3:I5i*.-,
rrnaOiIURB— N«l •' ir«iiw«».— t«:UO Ju.00 t3.0«
13:004.ii. 13:C3 3.33 Mljr.u.
COAST LINE (llro.d «aii B e).
(Third and Townaeml Stg.)
0il«A San Joaaand Way MtaUana. «t4O* ;
7:«O» »»n JiiwhihI W»» SUUiiik... t9:»w* '
/Ti«»A Haw Alirarieu...... / «:1O»
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — Baa Jose.
Gilrrj, galinM. San Luis Obtspo,
Santa Barbara, Loa Angelra and
principal intermediate BUtions.... 10*499
•<«»A Hkii Joan. Txea linos. Hunta t'riix.
r»clilc <lrn*e, falinaa, San Lola
, j Oblspo aiMl Principal IntermedUta
Htalions 4it«V
10:30a Sia Jcie and W»ySt*Mona.. tt:34*
I I>»»a Han .Inae and Way MUtlmia 'J.4«*
t2i I3r Salt \Utmn, Kedwnmi. Menlo Park. . .
¦- . - T-nIo Alto. Santa Olara. S»n .!•>«•,
Trea Pinoa, Santa fJrnx, Salioaav
Monterey »•••• I'mclllo (Iron...... (10rC94
8i3»r San .lota and W§y Htalloni. li:m«
44:l.1r San Jn«e*inl Pri..<-iral Way Htatlmia H<3«»
4t3Or Sunaet limited— MondarR, Wednen-
daya, *rid»y«, for Lo* An«elea. El
Pa«o New Orleans and Xeir York. ";
Arriytn Sundays. Tuesdays and
' * Thundaya I"tl3*
ISiOOr San Joar. Los Gatos and Priucipa]
WaySUUoiia „ in-.OOa
SiSWr SuJow mid Principal Way Statioua C.:t«»#
«:Sllp S»i. ,J<n»»iiil Wa*Hta<1on« lilO*
itOOr New Orleans Exprem — s«u Lnia
Obispo. SanU rWrhar«, Is* An- - •
coles. 1) mlnit. El Paso, Xew Or-
leaniiaud &«t _ 7:rtf» k
ftl;4.1rSan Jnaai»mt <ay SUtitwa ?:aOy
A for Mnriiing I" for A rteriuxm. *
tHnnday ezenpted. ! >*iiiid*r only
_4I Saturday only. /Tuesday* aud FrMija^
fiOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave . Via S.iusali to Ferry Arrive
San Fran. ¦ Foot of Market St. Sin Fran.
«-S0 a. 8:00a. MOin^ u rM 1.00 P. fc43 A.
l:4o P. 0:00a. 3:00 p. 3:40 ,.
tlo P. 11:30a. ' . . 4:2a p. odo T.
1:15 p. *-"-.f •*»»»••»>»• 5:55,.
Tmw, g— Timmifmto to Sugrmlt M»d 1U«CT. H.8H.
OaattOflccs, 121 UABJUT litUXXT md SAIIaALIZO RSSZ.
*» >daRav^i wt B '^ ** •> * non-poisenoTis
.^OflBglMlllgfc^JB remedy for Gonorrhcea.
Ole«t, Spormatorrhoea,
dBsar CURES tS Whites, nnnatcral dU-
M§a Ja 1 to 5 day*. W charge*, or aay inllainma-
ffSOf Qoanauea t* Ja tion. irritation or ulcera-
ff> flTionn inirirtnu. ' tion of miitom mea-
«BHar J. "_ tl>u *laailor sent in plain wrapper.
u. 8. A. JSSda by exprwn, prepaid, fo*
- TmBll t» nUJFri V-00. or 3 bottle*, (2.7X
sSSj** M Circnlar sent oa r«qa«at.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN SUFFER V
NEEDLESS MISERY.
PerunaCuresCatatrhWhsr- .
" l(i^^*^/^IKlP*k agy* \ f^^ffi^><*i.^\l This lady'moved from Troy very
/^^^^T^^^^^^^^g<eoawzzi«I) "Peruna cured me; it took
• nino bottles, but I felt so much
' '. ¦ . ¦ ' ' - -*" 1 * ¦ ¦ " § . * ¦ • *¦ ¦' " *
as his' medicine never did any' good, I am ' dreaded an operation SO much.
sure that he never knew what the trou- / _„. j- ,/,,„ In nanfart hnalth and
ble was. -At last Peruna was suggested Jam to-day in periecT neann, ana
to me,, and I said that I would try one h avB nO f fg/fsowelf for fifteen years.
bottle, and if that-did not help me would " u "°' v „ tUDTUf)
not take any more. . MRS. tVA UAHIHU.
"Imagine my pleasure when the next ' • t A^imnnH th<» »min»nt h»r.
attack came, to find that a fewdoaes of; >Jg» b C ?s the only
Peruna relieved me considerably. I kept ***£*• °* a t^ e?er been 'a candidate
taking it for three- weeks longer, and^ Jjngn h as e ver j^^ «n<Udgt.
think I am. cured, f or this /S eight she Is the best known woman in Amer-
monthsago, and I have had no sign ica/j o / e h s e alo ft h f h °aV
of ache Or pain since. ' ' and fortune. In. a. letter to The . Peruna.
r ~ ¦ . , . ,. Medicine Co.. she says:
"I gratefully acknowledge the merits »j have used your Peruna and I find
of Peruna." . • - '••• • it an. Invaluable remedy for cold, catarrh.
. ARABELLA MACDONALD. hay fever and kindred diseases; also a
'Catarrh of the pelvic organs i» most good tonic, for feeble and old people, or
common. " Peruna, is an internal systemic those run down, and with nerves un-
remedy which acts beneficially on strung. I desire, also, to say that It has
the inflamed mucous membrane where- no evil effects and produces no after de-
ever located. Hence it cures catarrh of pression." ooKwrion
any organ of the body. . i . 31KS. atuL.VA. UJLiiWUUU.
If you do not derive prompt and satisfactory results from the use of Perar.a.
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a full statement of your case and he will be
! pleased to give you his valuable advice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The Hartman Sanitarium. ColumbU3, O.
d.slc 7/ our drii$$Ut for a free Pe-rv-na Aimanac.; The Hanna'Foraker.: fight in Ohio has untangled ;
itself to. some extent. It is not quite clear yet where
Hanna; is, : but Foraker lias managed to' crawl out' of
the big]end of :th e ; horn,, and; he. is; all right.. ;. >
It -has been noted that at the recent meeting of the
American' Historical ¦ Association Edgar Stanton
Maclay^ was not'ther?, but it is strange that any no
tice should have been taken of the fact Maclay^has
not been a historian since, the Schley inquiry.-! *
The Carnegie .Institute starts with such array of
distinguished citizens-at its head that : there is danger
it .will stop riglit there; Each one of the. trustees is
already, so eminent that he will not feel it incumbent
upon him to get in and hustle for the . institution, or.
to 'make a: reputation. for' himself '
The situation of President Castro of Venezuela
may not be so bad as sppears to outsiders.- It is true
he has two revolutions to confront, but as they are
revolving in opposite directions they may yet smash
one another and leave the Castro Government to
hold an inquest on the wreck.
•.''. One. of 'the -significant reports ; _from ; China is that
the ( Dowager in giving her consent to plans
oi rciorm propos'ed'to. her* insisted that something, in
the' way of- reform be provided to better the condi
tion of ; womenu in. the;empire;V A Chinese woman's
rights' movement is har'dly a thing the old century
would haye deemed prcbable, but this is anew'one.-)
still a long way from being the creditor nation of the
world. The estimate, to say the least of it, appears
to be exaggerated, but even if it be. correct there is
nothing in the situation to fret about. We are all
right. It is for Europe to do the worrying: "
owe Europe about $1,700,000,000, and therefore are
According to -a New York financial expert we still
A Kansas physician, described. by his friends to be
the oldest practicing physician in the 'world; recently
celebrated • his one hundredth birthday, and we are
told he "disdains a cane, waiks to see, his patients
every". day and reads without glasses." . There;re'
mains untold just the one bit, of irifdrmation we
would like to have— did he ever take* any of his own
medicine?'.. • / - y
Whatever views we take of these . diverse ideas of
a competency and of helpfulness, it is. unquestionable *
that those Americans who have-attained great wealth
have been munificent-in providing help for others in
every way, in vyhich help j is humanly, possible. They"
have built; up great industries ' that . give employment '
to thousands of workingmen at much better wages
than they could' otherwise have obtained: th'ey'have
constitute an ample fortune for a dozen families ac
cording to some other. folks' ideas of a competence."
Mr. Carnegie's idea of helping people is to give them
a public library provided they will maintain it. That
is a most potent help for some peopled but there are
others who wouid starve in sight of a library and*
find no help in its books.
The statement is a platitude, and, like every other !
old familiar doctrine which mankind has heard from
press, pulpit and forum over and over again, it em
bodies a truth in words so vague that one' can.
neither determine exactly it means .nor/. find
fault with it. Wealth, indeed, serves no other pur
pose than that . of providing a competence and en
abling a - man to help others, but what is a compe
tence, who are the others a man is to-help, and how
is the help to, be given? Those are questions whiclr
remain to be answered by each man in his own way.
To Mr. Carnegie a competence means a residence
near Pittsburgh a mansion in New York,' a castle in
Scotland and an island of many thousand acres main- '.
tained as a shooting ground on the coast of Georgia!
The cost .of any single!. one of those things would
ANDREW CARNEGIE, addressing the Young
Men's Christian Association in . New York
last Friday, is reported to have said : "The
best of wealth is not what.it does for the owner, but
what it enables him to do for others;' and let me tell
you there is nothing in money beyond buying a com
petence, nothing but the satisfaction of being able
to help others."
WEALTH AND ITS USES.
Tom Reed, once of Maine, but now of New York,
who is rapidly becoming- something like a reminis
cence, -obtained a little society notice the other, day
by giving'a swell dinner to fifteen friends. There was
a time when such a banquet would have been -'the
talk of the nation, but as it is it got only just lines
enough to contain the names of those present. y3;« -;J
Miss. Charlotte rEllinwood was hostess
at a delightful luncheon at her home. Pa
cine avenue < and ,' Devisadero » street; yes
terday; -v Miss 1 Cornelia Scott \ of . St. Louii
was guest} of .¦ honor.. >The decorations li
the dining-room .were yellow entirely, ex
cept>the-varlegated'leaves. There wen
yellow flowers and candelabra- with' y el-
\The~ wedding, of Miss Eleanor -Morrow
and : Lieutenant Henry , L. Roosevelt yes
terday afternoon was beautiful and Im
pressive; "The home- of the bride's pa
rents, Judge and . Mrs. Morrow, at San
Rafael, was ..lavishly; decorated .with
roses, ferns and smllax. The ceremony
was performed by. Rev. A. A. McAllister
Mis3 Alice Wilkins was maid ' of honoi
and Dr. John E.. Page acted as best man.
The bride was attired in a princess
gown of :- white organdie, en train,' with
garniture of white lace. . She wore a dia
mond-brooch, a gift from her mother.
:-Miss Wilkins wore LWhite net over white
silk and Mrs. , Morrow was gowned 'In
black-' Chantllly lace, embroidered -with
gold. ' ..-.> . . .-:. •¦'•.. - :. ; .. .
After the - ceremony . a dainty wedding
breakfast was ; served, . The happy couple
took the 5 o'clock train to this city. They
will sair to-day, for the Phlllipines, wher<
Lieutenant Roosevelt has been assigned
for'duty. , f • ;- ; - . .
¦Miss Morrow is the daughter of United
States „ Circuit Judge W. W. Morrow.
Lieutenant '-Roosevelt is a second cousin
of President ? Roosevelt. ' ' - • ¦* . ¦*¦ ¦
and it is, therefore, needless to say
that the entertainment was a brilliant
success, as is everything which Mrs. Carr
undertakes.
Some of. the most charming young
ladies in San Francisco society as well
as able men contributed their talents to
help brighten the. evening for the inmates
of the hospital, and their songs were en
thusiastically received by the audience,
which included many visitors. The popu
lar sextet from "Flprodora" was de
lightfully I rendered, and also two scenes
from the opera, "Hansel and Gretel," by
Misses Cuhen, Heath and Sexton.
Mr. Frank Rodoiph, besides singing in
the sextet, gave a- solo, "My Wild Irish
Rose," and was encored. . Mr. Rodoiph,
who made such a decided hit, Is the same
one who is preparing to take his talent3
East and is to give a farewell concert on
tha' 20th of next month at Native Son3*
Hall. Mr. Rosborough's pantomime was
cleverly done and heartily applauded. Mr.
.Arthur Carrlngton gave a - delightful
specialty, including the "Drinking bong."
•The last number was purposely omitted
from the -programme as Mrs. Carr had a
surprise in store for the guests. It was
a burlesque on the Florodora sextet en
titled "The Hopkins Doranora," and oc
casioned no end of laughter. The per
formers in s this'. number -were rollicking
students ' from the " Mark ¦ Hopkins ' Insti
tute; of Art and' were strikingly and
amazingly ¦ costumed. • .The ladies wore
startling poster 1 effects, in -gowns, coats
and, hats. Those "in the burlesque were:
Miss Davis, Miss. Deas, Miss 'Noonan,
Miss Garter, Miss Gregg, Miss Brower,
Mr. Layne, Mr. Kuss, Mr.- Dannenberg,
Mr. Keane, Mr. Rixford and Mr. Rogers.
Mrs. , Carr was greatly assisted , In pre
paring this sextet by Mr. .-Perham W;
Nahl, who' revised the verses and "intro
duced i apropos Presidio jokes in addi
tion to drillng the performers. Mr. Nahl
is a son of the well-known artist. s .v.«:
Mrs. Arthur " Lewis graciously ' presided
at the;t>lano.
vine programme was as follows:
• Song. "My "Wild Irish Rose," " Frank\ Ro
doiph. Two -.scenes from the opera, "Hansel
and Gretel" . (Humperdinck) ; Hansel, May : A.
Cullen;- Gretel, . Helen Colburn Heath; Sand
Man, Hazel Sexton; Mrs. Arthur Lewis at the
: piano. Florodora sextet; Miss Bernlce' Landers,
Miss Elsa Cook, Miss Mary Payne, Miss Chispa
; Sanborn, Miss* Lucerne Ransome, Mr.' Rosbor
ough. Mr. Greenfield. Mr. -Paschal,' Mr-Bo
1 dolph, Mr. Kllnck; : Hawaiian songs, C. " E
Greenfield, A. R. Poett; pantomime in two acts
John Rosborousrh; "La Boheme," a potpourri
of nonsense by. students of the Mark Hopkins
! Institute of Art and Arthur Carrington.
THE concert at the Presidio General
Hospital last night was a delight
ful affair. It was under the
auspices - of Mrs. George G. Carr
low shades. The music and reception
room decorations were American Beauty
roses. Miss Elllnwood was attired in a
thin violet gown, exquisitely em
broidered. Miss Scott wore a dainty
gown of cream white, with garniture of
blue. The guests were:
Mlss Grace Spreckels, Miss Lillian Spreckels.
t uif anny^ Miss Josephine
Lougrhborougrh Miss Polhemus. Miss Ardella
Mills. Miss Katherlne Herrin. Miss Ethel
Cooper, Miss Lucy King, Miss Elizabeth Hunt
lngton. Miss Maud Mulllns, Miss Ruth Dun
ham, Miss Leontine Blakeman Miss Bernla
Drown, Miss Maruaret Salisbury. Miss Sophia
Pierce and Miss Klizabeth. Ames.
1 Winthrop E. Lester- gave a de
lightful dinner last evening at her home,
Sutter street and Van Ness avenue, for
Miss Georglna Jones. Eight guests were
pleasantly entertained. The' table deco
rations were entirely in red, including
American Beauty roses and candelabra
with red shades.
Mrs. Adam Grant gave an informal tea
at her residence, 1112 Bush street, yester-
A U a afte .rnoon. The decorations were
chiefly American Beauty roses. Mrs
Grant was assisted in. receiving by Mrs'
J. D. Grant, her daughter-in-law.
Mrs. David Neustadter was "at home"
yesterday, the first of her two reception
days this-month. Many callers were re-
The argument is also made that when we drove"
Spain out of Cuba we shut Cuban products out of
Spain. Even if that were true, it places neither re
sponsibility nor obligation upon us. -The Cubans
shut themselves out of Spain during the revolution
they waged against that country. We ended the revo
lution, and now the junta says we are morally bound
to make good the lost trade with Spain. But what
did that amount to? Cuba's average market in Spain
was worth annually $6,500,000. Grant that is lost to
Cuba, her gain in trade with us of $10,315,000 and
with Europe of $5,520,000 in the same period, a total
of $15,835,000, ought it5"*make good her loss of
$6,500,000 with Spain.
The more-this plea of moral obligation and lost
trade is examined the more impudent it appears.
But unless the American farmers, who have "at stake
the employment of 40,000,000 acres of land and 400,
000 people, are alert, the brazen junta will win and
' pocket the profits which belong to our own tillers
of the soil. /..»¦¦¦
anything but an industrial collapse. It shows a very
healthy state of trade.
In eleven months of iooi Cuba's imports fell off
$Sf745>ooo below the same eleven months of 1900, and
her exports in the same time increased $17,383,000.
Adding the two together we have a gain in her com
mercial and financial condition in' that period of
$23,128,000! In that eleven months Cuba sent to the
United States in her products an increase of $10,315,
000. In the same period Cuba's exports to Europe
increased $5,520,000. These are conspicuous and ap
preciable gains. A balance of trade in her favor of
ever $23,000,000 "in the last eleven months indicates
¦C~ "As for the first reason, it is bosh. We assumed no
moral obligation to make Cuba prosperous or repair
any of the waste of the futile revolution her people
were carrying on when we rescued them by expelling
Spain. The second reason is an untruthful statement.
It is not true that Cuba has been shut out of the rest
of the world and must break mto our market, to the
injury of our own farmers, or suffer an industrial
collapse.
THE Cuban junta has emerged into the open
and put its fists to the documents it is circu
lating to persuade the American people to en
rich a few score planters by free sugar to
bacco. The members of the junta are Francisco
Gamba, president; Miguel Mendoza, Gustavo Bock,
Simon Dumois, Dionisio Velasco, Luis V. Francke,
Alfonzo Pesant and Juan Pedro, delegates. These
gentlemen have issued a pretentious pamphlet de
claring that: "The Cubans base their petition to
Congress (for free trade) upon two propositions.
First, the United States is under moral obligations
to aid Cuba in the re-establishment of /prosperity 'in
the island. Second, the commerce and industry of
Cuba are in imminent danger of disaster if aid is not
given immediately." « " ,
THE JUNTA ACTIVE.
THURSDAY....... ?». ...JANUARY 16, 1902
JOHN D.' SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AUrtu Xfl CesiatBJcttioas te W. 8. LEAKS, Xtntpr.
MANAGER'S OFFICES . .Telephone Pre«» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Presa S01.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 IteveniOB St.
TelephoBe Prcu SO3.
OellTered hr Cnrrier*. 15 Cent* Per W«fk.
i Slnffle Copies. B Cents. , :
Terms hy Mail. Inclndinizr Poataoret
DAILT call Onclodlnc Suna»y)..«n« year...;:.. .:..M.09
DAIX-TT CAIZ. Ondadln* Bandar). . • 1- mtb« — ..:..'..:.... *.«•
DAILT CALti (Including Cunday). » bocUu l.St
PAILT CALL— By Sbigit Month .* «5e
FtTNDAT CALL, On* Tear. 1.59
WEEKX.T CAX.U On* T««r.... 2.M
All po«tmastera are authorized to reeelrc
¦nbierlptlona. £
Caaud* cep!t* will be forwarded when requested. •
tfafl rubrcrttXTs !n orflerti .* chaos* of «(J1rM« should b«
(wrttcalar to s!t» botb MEW AND OU> ADDRESS In order
to Inrcre a prompt and correct compUasca with their request.
OAKLAJVD OFFICE .......1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXES*.
KtciftT rert'pa Atfrtrtliixf, Mu^cetU Bulling, CMeigt.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central IS1J.")
NEW TORK CORRESPOXpENT:
C C CARLTON ..... Herald So.va.re
NEW TORK REPRESKJJTATIVE: *
•TEPHEIf D. SUITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
W«J4orf-Ajrtorl» Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Ucmr Hill Uctri, :?* "v
> . CHICAGM5 NEWS STANDS:
Efcrrman Souse: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
FremcBt Bouse; Andltotinm HoteL
WASHI^GTOX (D.C> OFFICE. . . .I40S G St., S. W.
MORTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent. ;•..
BRAXCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
bhOI t:W o'clock. MO Bayea. open until »:S9 o'clock. CSS
McAllister, open until 9:19 o'clock. CIS Larktri. open until
in o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until $ o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
tmttl t o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until I o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
<a» mimora. open until » p. m. • '
'¦'. Where such' methods prevail there can be.no safety
for commerce. The alarm, felt at the first announce
ment of what might follow the" sale of the Gdvern
mentitransports should therefore serve as a warning
for, the future." It is time for our progressive and far
seeing men to. bestir themselves in providing means
for bringing to this port the bulk of the vast trade
that is to grow up between the United States and the
Orient. .;, ¦ ' i\ \ , - = .
In response to the desire of the public The Call
obtained all .information that could be learned
either here or at the national capital, and yesterday
was enabled to . publish an interview with Secretary
Root which puts an end to any fear of immediate in
jury. In reply to questions by the special cor
respondent of The Call the Secretary said: "I have
asked \ Congress for authority to give up the trans
ports and to make a contract with a private com
pany or companies for doing the business, but' T
hardly think the ' change .will' take place immediately.
When the Government comes , to make'this contract
we shall be very cold-biooded about it, and we shall
make a, contract to the Government's advantage. I
cannot see how any company operating or proposing
to operate from. Seattle can possibly' make a propo
sition to us that would, even, partly offset the aban
donment'of the. Government's -plant at the. Presidio
in San Francisco. It is, safe enough to go upon, the ;
proposition that the Government will always. ship
its men from San Francisco; and as a natural course
of events most of the Government freight will follow
the route over which the men gp."
¦ The statement of the ' Secretary is reassuring' so
far as the present emergency is .concerned, but it
will not do for San Francisco- to accept too confi
dently the saying that "it is safe to go upon the prop- #
osition that the Government will always ship its men'
from San Francisco and that the^ freight will follow
the route over which the men go."- In the world of
trade nothing is safe unless men interested in it ex
ert themselves to keep it so. Those who rely upon
circumstances to" bring thenT good fortune or to pre
serve what they have generally wake up some morn
ing to perceive that circumstances have become ad
verse and fortune is gone. San Francisco is the
metropolis of 'the Pacific Coast and is likely- to re
main so, but her' merchants and capitalists must work
to hold for her the prestige of that position:
'Back of-the Puget Sound ports there is anactive,
progressive man ever planning and workingto at
tract to them trade and commerce for his railway
lines. The Southern Pacific Company and the Pa
cific Mail Company have not, been working in that
way for San Francisco. On the" contrary, there have
bepi many instances when they worked directly
against the welfare of the city. A'case of the kind
was brought. to light not long ago when it was found
that steamer rates from this; city : to oriental -points
gave Eastern shippers large advantages over San
Francisco shippers, and, • furthermore, that/the Pa
cific Mail Company was loading its vessels ) with
wares shipped'directly / from the .East, while goods of
fered by our own j shippers lay upon the wharves and
could not 'obtain transportation.
WITH something like the effect ¦ of , an alarm
bell ; came ..the report from. r Washington .pi \
. the intention of the War Department to dis
pose of the army transport service to the .Philippines
and to rely for transportation hereafter, upon private
lines. San Francisco woke up and began to look at
the situation.. There was an evident desire on the
part of James J. Hill to obtain the Government work
for his lines. at. Seattle, while the Pacific Mail.steam
ship line,'.whichv might. have been expected to^make
the fight for this port, was found to be seemingly in
active. It looked for a time as if we were in serious
danger of losing an important trade, and there was'
in consequence an eager desire to learn from Wash
ington jus^ what might be expected from the pur
posed, change. • . s .
THE BUSINESS OF THE PORT;
4 .-It is : said jthat . thV ball ¦ at the 'White House • given
for^thedebut-orMiss Roosevelt ;^as the. finest enter-'
' tainmentof ; the"kind i everheld'at the national capi->
tal; .but the i public ¦¦will/ remember to -have heard;
very much j the \ same ' thing said" about \ nearly every
other function at the big mansion. ¦ .
But the people, who are nearly or remotely the vic
tims of such officialdom, are themselves to blame.
When the way is open to separating politics from the
gutter, and cesspool they refuse to walk therein. Let
the dean and conscientious citizen sit down .and
ask himself why he and all like him combined should
be utterly without influence in the municipal gov
ernment. Let him ask why the patronage of that
government, and largely its official methods, are die-,
tated by a boss, with no visible means of support,
living in defiance of the moral code and the criminal
statutes, dictating, like a lord paramount, the action
of the officers elected by the people, corrupting the
fountain from which issue juries and justice, imper
iling the support of the widow and orphan and play
ing with Justice as if she were a draggled wanton.
Let him ask why there is more Strength. in the little
finger of such a boss where an officer or ah official"
act is concerned than in the loins of all' the decency
of the city, and then reflect if a government under
such control is to be endured any longer-than it '.'can
be purged and /purified. But, let this typical "citizen
remember that he is to blame. There are enough
like him to have it otherwise, but they will not, and
so we have |slumgullion government, chosen in fel
ony and administered in crime.
have not_the impaired and defective satisfaction of
feeling that the high and important trusts 'of the
Clerk's office are in the keeping of that form of
honesty which the great New York manipulator of
men found to be the best he could get hold of. To
criminality this record adds contemptible qualities,
which present a character that has festered in the air
of boss politics until no idea of manhood, fidelity and
duty survives.
private and official life, had been long and varied,
declared that "an honest man is the d — -d scoun
drel who stays bought." But in this case the people
come to be the stench and odium of our politics,' were
not all nor the worst of the symptoms of the Clerk's
character. It was a felony to make the contracts.
Is the office of Clerk safe in hands that commit fel
ony to ! secure.it? ..If so, let us go a step further in~
the psychology of the case. After making . these
promises and being the. beneficiary of them, getting
value received in influence, votes and other valuable
considerations, Clerk Mahony. proceeded , to .violate
and repudiate his felonious contracts and pre-election
promises, illegal in their nature. He had sold him
self for a consideration. He had bartered patronage
paid for by the taxpayers. : He was bought by con
tract, and then refused to stay bought. -
Dean Richmond, whose experience with men in
The Call and its coadjutors offered support and gave
opportunity to a movement in the politics of this city,
and county that would have ' lifted it beyond the
reach of the blear and fetid bosses. The time to do
this was at the primaries, and the way was open; but
the respectable people, good Republicans, taxpaying
citzens who are bled of their means not. to support
local government but to sustain gangs and gangrene
in politics, refused to walk therein and " the " bosses ;'.
were victorious. . \ , ;
Part of the result is now exposed in the condition
of the County Clerk's office. ¦IThe Clerk is detected'
in making illegal contracts for support as a candidate,
binding himself in writing to use his official patron-'
age to > repay those who gave him active support and
perhaps money^o help him into office, all in defiance
of the law. But these illegal acts, made illegal be-,
cause such promises and contracts entered into had
The people nominate and elect the County, Clerk.
If they choose they can put the office in pure hands
and secure its proper administration, or .by neglect
and inattention, by carelessness and indifference, they,
can permit it to become the personal asset of a gang
of grafters. This latter seems to have happened.
THE CALL has discharged an unpleasant . duty
in exposing. the immoral and faithless condition
of ; the County Clerk's office.; That Office in its
importance ranks, next to the courts. - The: Clerk
draws the juries that try issues of property,; liberty
and life. He takes bonds, is the custodian of wills
and documents in probate, is concerned in judicial
finalities, and immense interests depend upon his in
tegrity and that of his records. Carelessness or cor
ruption in the Clerk's office leave 'their mark for
years. Like a distemper of the blood in man, they
reappear again and again, and their "stigmata " are
upon the property, the rights and the reputation of
generations to come. The property of the people
passes entire through . probate every generation.
How necessary, then, that the record,' and all that
pertains to that passage of jmaterial things from gen
eration to generation in probate, shall be clean, and
made by clean hands P
'WHO IS RESPONSIBLE.?
SOCIETY GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
TO PRESIDIO HOSPITAL IN MATES
celved at the Neustadter residence at Van
Ness avenue and Sacramento street dur
ing the aftei noon. The drawing rooms
were decorated with the choicest cut
flowers and dainty refreshments were
B Tmong others who received yesterday
were Mrs. Robert Howard Bennett and
Mrs. Walter Ellis Rountree. Mrs. lODin.
. " •:-".- . .¦¦- "-.' . ¦' . ! -¦*"¦»" - - '-" >-"¦:.'; i: ¦*¦.¦ -: ¦"*'/>» * % i /»> r
SOME OF THE SOCIETY LADIES WHO GAVE AN ENTERTAINMENT
LAST EVENING AT THE PRESIDIO HOSPITAL, WHICH WAS
THOROUGHLY ENJOYED BY THE SICK AND WOUNDED.
Mrs MacMonagle and Mrs. Chapman,
who was assisted by Mrs. Sherwood, Mias
Meta Fitzhugrh and Miss DuBolse.
The Sine Cura Club announces that the
hop scheduled for this- evening has been
indefinitely postponed owing to the death
of one. of its members, Miss Jewel Kene
flck.
¦ * - ft ¦¦-¦ " . . J " - T
In other directions the helpfulness of American .
millionaires to their less successful fellow citizens has
been the marvel of; the world. Counting only gifts
of not less than $10,000, the benefactions of the rich,
men' and women io'f this country, last year amounted,'
according to a compilation of the Chicago Tribune, '
to the sum of $I23,888,73'2... Of that sum" there went
$68,850,961 ¦ to educational institutions, ,$22,217,476- to
charities, $15,388,700 to libraries, '; $11,133,112/ to mu
seums: and art galleries, and $6,298,489 to churches^
Among those : gave . these vast sums to the
public for the {common use of the . people; Mr. Carne- =
gie himself \ stands as the giver . of ', the : largest 'sum.
His:benefactipns for the year were $42,888,500. It
will be seen, then, that he is .doing his best to live
up to his understanding of the; uses of i wealth. In
fact, whatever faults may be found [ with the race of
strong meniwhq are now making American industry
and finance! the wonder .of 'the world,: it cannot be
denied thatjthey know how to use their money as
well as to make . it, and that in fusing it - they : are
munificent in vtble Support of every worthy cause that
needs : money ; to ¦- sustain it.^' - . . % ,
diversified; American*., industries and ' .thus .'• 4 enabled'
men to ; work at .'whatever -is'.best fitted to their 'tal
ents and ' most '-congenial \ to. their tastes ; and • they
have provided .many a •community with * the r means of
achieving a prosperity sufficient to enable the greater
number of families to live in the culture of literature,
,science, art and music.
THE S^N FRANCISCO CALiL; THURSDAYr JAMTJABY 16, 1902.
6
By Wm. G. Layng- — Friday evening, January 17, at 7:45
o'clock. Thoroughbred Horses, at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "For the "White Rose."
Columbia— "Henry VIIL" /
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-bouse — "Claire and the- Forgemaster."
, Calif ornU— "Old Jed Prouty."
Tivoli — "Little Red Riding Hood."
Central — "Under the Gaslight."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville, every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer"*— Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Recreation Park — Baseball. -» '
Saeman-Clay HaU — Anselua Piano Player Recital Satur-
day afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. '
Marsh Mallow Kisses at Townsend's. *
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.* "
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townaend's.*
Look out for 81 4th st., front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c. •
Special information supplied daily to*
business houses and public men by tht»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Muscadine" Is a disease to which silk
worms are liable. It consists of a fungus
growth in the body, which ' breaks
through the skin and speedily kills the
Insect. -
Gurnet's New Year's extra mince pies. 13*
cream and cake. 805 Larkic: phone Cast 198. *
MRS. McKtNLEY/S NURSH _-_ RELEASE OF GERONIMO AND
TELLS HER STORY. F^ HIS APACHES. j
THE OLDEST- LIGHTHOUSE „
T£NDER ON X THE COAST \JT ' '' '"¦ ' ' ''
• IS A WOMAN. jff =
Read about her in next Son' I\ A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN'S
V day's CalL M . *> EXPERIENCES IN PANAMA.'
FEAD THE -VOLFVILLE W THE SUNnAV tatt xjta^a ' '¦
A &UISUAY CALL MAGA^
™/ Q SBYALFREDHENRY A ZI.NESECTION IS THE LIT.
LbW1S ' ;.• #^ ERARY SUNDAY PAPER OF
. *'"V', THE VEST.
*™ "uman Interest 1 H next week begins astory
STORIES. MsmA BY BRET HARTEFROM SEATTLE.
Payoti Breaks His Neck.
Peter Payoti, a bartender for Mary
Lavlzzani at 823 Montgomery street, was
found dead yesterday morning at the foot
of the stairs leading to his room on tha
second floor. His neck had been broken
by a fall: •
Mrs. Lavizzanl informed the CoroneVs
deputies that Payoti usually closed the
saloon at midnight, by which time he was
always drunk. It Is supposed that he fell
backward while going upstairs.
Custom-House Closes Early To-Day.
Out of . respect to the memory of the
late Chief Clerk E. B. Jerome. Customs
Collector Stratton has ordered an inter
mission of business In the Custom-house
between the hours of 2 and 4 p. m , so
that Custom-house officials may have an
opportunity of attending the funeral.
Considering that In the birthplace of Kins
Gambrinus. Austria and Bavaria, there are
breweries that have been In existence for cen
turies and some, even in this country, which
have been established" more than a hundred
years, whose output does not reach 'one-half of
the above figure, the achievement Is moat re
markable, especially so since this record was
made in less than 35 years and under the sole
and continuous management of its present
President.
The officer in charge of the Brewery's Reve
nue Department, upon expressing his New
Year's congratulations to Mr. Adolphus Busch.
President of the Anheuser-Busch Bre-winy
Ass'n, submitted to him a carefully compiled
statement of the brewery's last year's output,
showing the enormous sales of 1,003.495 barrels
of beer, which netted the Government an In
come of $1,801,818.
A Phenomenal Achievement of 'an
American Industry.
Supervisors Bent and Eggers each lost
fourteen votes yesterday and Supervisor
Wilson lost thirteen. The precincts count
ed were the Twentieth and Sixteenth of
the Thirty-seventh District and the First
of the Twenty-ninth.
The recount was resumed In Judge
Murasky's court yesterday^ Walsh gained
no votes, but he did not lose any, and
Alpers lost sixteen, leaving his lead only
eleven.
E. I. Walsh, Union Labor nominee for
Supervisor, who was declared to be
among the losers at the last city election,
is getting closer each day to a seat in the
board. He is now only eleven votes be
hind George Alpers, who had the lowest
number of vofes among those declared
elected. :
Eleven Votes Behind George
Alpers in Contest.
Union Labor Nominee Now' Only
WALSE GETTING HEARER
TO SEAT ' IK" THE BOARD
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Second Mate Lupp testified that he or
dered boat No. 2 to go around to the lee
ward and wait for him, and he i gave a
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean ¦ time. ¦ ¦
W. H. STANDLET.
Captain Hall of the Walla Walla was
recalled and testified that immediately
after the collision the life preservers
were on deck and accessible to the pas
sengers and the crew. He ordered the
boats to be lowered away with the ladies
and passengers first. His orders were to
get everybody into the boats and then,
if the officers, found that the steamship
could be. save'd, they were to return and
place everybody on board again. He did
not think the Max could have come any
nearer to the Walla Walla than she did
after the collision. Captain Hall said
further that they had a fire drill on
board but had no special signal to aban
don ship. When he went on the bridge
after the collision, the second mate told
him .that the Max had no lights. Sec
ond Mate Lupp interrupted the witness
at this point and said that John Hughes,
the third mate, had told him (Lupp) that
all he could see was the. white light on
the Max and he could not. tell where she
was going. .' ¦ . : . ¦ ¦
Captain Hall Testifies Again.
"Probably not all, but a good many,"
was the reply. "I had no more idea that
these boats would go away from the ship
than I have cf dying this moment. Other
wise t would have been in one of the
boats, instead of on a raft. The men in
the boats had their oars out and were
pulling away from the ship. The Max
drifted probably a -mile and a half with
the mainyard backed before she hove to.
The only thing she could do to keep near
the place where the collision occurred
was to heave to. It ,was cloudy over
head, at the time of ' the wreck, but a
light could be plainly seen. There was
no fog or haze on the water." ' >.
A. K. Sheats, (United States Customs
Inspector, testified that he was on board
the Walla Walla the day that she left
this port and saw Captain Hall and the
first officer. They were sober and did
not 1 show the least sign of liquor. The
witness saw the quartermaster and other
officers and they were sober. Two or
three of the deck hands were under the
influence of liquor, but not so much as
not to know how to execute the orders
civen them, i
Inspectors D. A. Silvers, E. Montell
and T. -C. Eagar testified that Just before
the Walla Walla left the wharf all .on
board were sober. .
"There was enough floating equipment
there to pick up all the people in the
water If the. boats had remained around,
the wreck, was there not?" asked Cap
tain Bulger.
The Boats Pulled Away.
The investigation into the matter of the
collision between the Walla Walla and
the French bark Max was concluded yes
terday afternoon by Captains Bolles and
Bulger, United States Inspectors of
Steam Vessels. Captain C. D. Swan, who
was one of the passengers on the W,alla
Walla, was the first witness. He swore
that he looked at his watch immediately
after the collision and saw that the time
was five minutes after 4 o'clock. In fifty
minutes after the collision the Walla
Walla went down. He thought it was
strange that the lifeboats did not remain
near the wreck - to assist in the work of
rescue, as the morning was calm and the
sea smooth, and the boats could easily
have done so. His watch stopped at 5
o'clock, when the ship went down. He
asked Captain Hall whether he could not
run the steamship to the beach, but the
captain replied that the land Was thirty
miles away, and the distance was too
great to make the attempt. •
"Don't you think," asked Captain Bul
ger, "that if the boats had sto«d . by the
ship they would have saved more peo
ple?" ¦¦¦¦¦ '¦ ¦-•-* •" '' ¦¦¦¦'
"Undoubtedly they would," replied the
witness. .\
Value of Freight Pending.
The Pacific Coast Company, "late owner
of the steamship Walla Walla." and the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company filed a
petition yesterday in the United States
District Court to limit their liability for
the wreck in damage suits pending and
about to be brought to the sum of $1335 28.
the freight pending including passenger
fares. United States Commissioner George
E. Morse was appointed to take testimony
in the matter and will proceed to do so
next Friday at 2 p. m.
The inspectors here announced that the
iir;uiry was closed. They will render a
decision in about two weeks.
Lupp said that Hughes never Heft the
bridge from the time he came on until
after the collision.
similar order to boat No. 4, but he ym%
not sure as to the other boats. "When
the crash came Lupp was on the bridge,
he said, and Hughes told him that all he
could see was the white light.
First Mate Nielsen, the next witness,
swore that he selected Johnson as look'
out because he was a sober man and al
ways attentive to his duties. /
During the Final Hearing Captain Swan Testifies That There
Was No Haze on the Waters on the Fatal Night
CLOSE OF THE INVESTIGATION
OF THE WALLA WALLA DISASTER
for Colon. ' . . ,-
FOREIGN PORTS. . /
DUNKIRK— In DOrt Dec. 25— Br ship Glen
bank, for Antwerp and • San Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 14— Br stmr Roy
alist, hence Oct 12, for coal, ! and proceeded.
PORT SAID— Arrived Jan 14— Br stmr Kai
sow, from Liverpool, for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
- CALLAO— Arrived Nov 21— Chil bark Alt
car, from New Whatcom. -;\ ,
Sailed Jan 14 — Ger atmr Luxor, from Ham
burg and way ports, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Clyde. . • . .¦'.-••'
Sailed Jan S — Br ship Conway, for Pacific
Coast, for orders. .-.,-¦
NANAIMO — Sailed Jan 15—^Stmr San Mateo.
for Port Loe Angeles. "
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Olympia,
for Tacoma." ¦ .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Celtic,
for New York, via Queenstown; stmr West
ernland, for Philadelphia, rvia, Queenstown.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg. • • • .
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton; stmr Friesland. JTor Ant
werp; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY; JANUARY 16, 1902.
United States -Coast -'and'>? Geodetic : Survey —
- Times and Heights -of ,HIgh' and <jOW
"Waters at Fort Point, • entranc-j to Sac
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
• thorlty of the Superintendent.
- NOTE — The high . and ¦ low -waters ¦ occur at
the, city front (Mission-street wharf) abou;
twenty-five minutes" later than at. Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same\ at both places.
Sun, Moon and 'Tide.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 10.
Time Ball.
-
Branch Hydrographies Office,' U. 8. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, . Cal.,
• '.> January 15.". 1002. fv r _¦'
.The Time Ball . on the tower' of ' thrt ' Ferry
building was • dropped •. exactly - at • noon to-day, ;
NOTE-^lri the 'above: exposition "of the tld«s
the : early .- morning tides are given in the left
hand' column and - the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column fives , the last ' tide . of the
day, except .when there . are but " three tides as
Eometlme3 occurs. . The .heights : given . are • In
addition to the soundings or the United States
Coast Survey, Charts," except wnen a minus (— )
sign precedes • the, height, ' and then the numbei
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. .The plane of reference is the mean o;
.the lower, low -waters. ..•...*.: -¦• .. .
Three Passenger. Boats Arrive.
The steamships George W. Elder, Pomo
na and Nome City arrived yesterday from
coast points. The Elder, from Astoria and
Portland, with twenty-nine cabin passen
gers and sixteen In the second cabin; the
Pomona from Eureka, with sixty-five first
class and thirteen second-class passen
gers, and the Nome City from San Pedro,
with 108 passengers. Among the passen
gers on the Pomona from Eureka were
the four Hansel children, whose father
recently shot his wife and then committed
suicide. The children are being taken
cere of by the Masons. Two of them go
to the Masonic Orphanage at Decoto -and
two have been adopted by Fred Kruz of
134 Taylor street. The passengers made
a collection for the little folks and raised
$35.
Sprains Both Ankles.
Martin Kenny, a fireman on the ferry
boat;Bay City, yesterday fell down the ash
chute on that vessel and sustained serious
Injuries. He sprained both ankles and
lacerated his scalp in three- places. He
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, and
from there removed to the Railroad Hos
pital.
Slight Have Saved tha Bristol.
The Shipmasters' Association of Victo
ria, B. C, have petitioned the Minister of
Marine and Fisheries for a light station
on Pointer Hock, In Chatham sound. A
light in this location, shipping men be
lieve, would have prevented the loss of
the steamer Bristol.
Will Be Repaired at Esquiinalt.
The ship Santa Clara, recently pulled
off the rocks at Trial Island, will be
placed on the. Government drydock at Es
quimalt for repairs. Her keel and planks
were badly damaged.
Service to Nome.
The transportation companies* are al
ready making preparations for the Nome
trade. The first vessel to leave for the
gold city will be the Senator, on June 1.
from Seattle. The State of California is
scheduled to sail June 7. : /
Ventura Sails This Afternoon.
Th$ Oceanic Steamship Company's Ven
tura will sail at 5 o'clock this afternoon
for Honolulu and Australian ports. She
will carry a full list of passengers and a
heavy cargo.
NEWS OF THE 0CE1AN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of . Interest to Mariners and
The German ship Seefahrer will load wheat
or barley here for Europe. 37s 6d; the Italian
ship Cavaliere Ciampa. wheat for Europe, 35s.
Both chartered prior to arrival. •
The ships Oriental and Two Brothers will go
to Oyster Harbor to\load coal for this port.
The bark R. P. Rlthet loads merchandise here
for Honolulu. ...
A Shipment of Wheat.
The British ship WIscombe Park was cleared
The French cruiser Protet will leave this
pprt at noon to-day for Tahiti. She will
call at Hilo and Honolulu, making a stay
of about a week at~~the latter port. The
steam launch which splashed herself full
of water and sank at the boom was re
covered on Tuesday and went into com
mission again yesterday little the worse
for her visit to Davy Jones' locker.
Protet Sails To-Day.
THE Harbor Commissioners held
their regular meeting yesterday
afternoon arid transacted consid
erable routine business. They let
two contracts, both for work tend
ing to the increased usefulness of the
State property under their care. Healey
and Tibbitts were awarded both con
tracts. One was for repairing and repiling
the wharf at the north side of Channel
street, between . Fourth and Fifth streets.
The successful bid was 56495.4O-. • The other
contract was for building an extension to
Folsom-street wharf No. 1, now occupied
by the Army transport service. This im
provement will cost $1679.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK^Sailed . Jan ¦ 14— Stmr : Orizaba,
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan 15— Stmr. Columbia,
hence Jan' 13. - .• ' • . ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed Inward Jan ' 15— Schr
Alice Cooke. from Honolulu, for Port Gam
ble; Br shirr Puritan, irom Shanghai; etmr
Santa Ana, hence Jan 12, , for Seattle.' "
Passed outward— Stmr San Mateo, from Na
naimc, for Port LtS' Angeles. ¦-.. •,
SAN DIEGO-rArrived Jan: 15— US etmr
Bear, "hence 'Jan 11, via -Monterey.
CASPAR— Sailed— Stmr Samoa, for San
Pedro. ¦:¦ ¦¦' i ,; ' . - . 7..Vy-v--
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 15 — Stmr Noyo,
for San : Francisco. '. :¦' . -.
. POINT LOBOS — Pased Jan 14, 8:30 am—
Stmr i Coronado, from Grays Harbor, for San
Pedro; stmr Westport, from Eureka, for.— — .
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Arcata,
hence Jan 12. -. .'¦ -.¦"'- ¦ ' : '¦
i - Arrived Jan 15 — Schr W ebf oot. : hence Jan 5.
-• Sailed Jan 15— ScSr Falcon, for, San Fran
cisco. ¦ . -. ¦ ¦ ¦'
EUREKA— Arrived Jan. 15— Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan 14; schr Azalea, from San Pedro.-.--
Sailed I Jan 15 — Schr Occidental, for San
Pedro. \ ._ ¦>-: - •», /-
VENTURA— Arrived % Jan 15^— Barsre . Santa
Paula, hence Jan 13, and sailed' for San Fran
cisco. .'.•¦.-..¦;•..• - '¦•'¦- • ' : - •¦ : ;'-\ -. ¦ •-' ¦:.:-'
•Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Geo • Loomls, henco
Jan 14. ¦ ¦:¦¦¦'¦ - ;'- '. ' '. ¦'¦¦:¦¦¦- ¦ '¦: ' •
• Sailed : Jan -15— Stmr Geo Loomls," for: San
Francisco.-' • * ' " . .
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed -Jan 11 — Stmr
Che'/ialls, for San. Francisco. 1 . ¦"•¦:
PORTLAND^- Arri ved < Jan 15— Stmr Ruth,
from '.San . Francisco; ship 4 St . Mirren, ' from
Valparaiso. • ¦ - ¦ • . ' - •• - . ; -
TACOMA — Arrived. Jan 15 — Stmr City, of
Puebla.' from San Francisco.: ' ¦ r ¦¦¦¦¦¦ - ,
Sailed Jan ; 15— Stmr ..- Mackinaw, ,' for ' San
Franclrco; Br ship * Elginshire, ' for Queens
town ; 'f ochr Kenilworth.^-" for - Queenstown; .' Br.
stmr . Denblirhahire, ' - lor Queenstown.^" ., ¦• • , ¦
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed Jan 15— Bktn Tam
o'' Shunter, for Callao. -:-'. -., .-...-. , -¦ . y .
Arrived. Jan 'lo—^Ger. stmr. Herodot, from
Seattle.!; ¦ ¦ •- . '¦¦ '¦ .'• '"• •' '¦< ' ¦¦ -'•¦' ¦¦
SEAlTLE-^-Salled, Jan 14^-Ger 8tmr Hero
dot, for Port Blakeley. '*?V&KsMt8MjMgBBfft5B%
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT ' LOBOS, Jan 15, ¦ 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 10 miles per hour, j
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per bktn Katie FHcklnser, from Tacoma,
Jan 15— Jan i>, off Cape Flattery, had heavy
SE and SW gale, causing, the vessel to spring
a leak. Had to throw overboard, 50 M lumber,
as pumps would not keep, her free. . ' ¦>
MEMORANDUM.
Oct 28, lat 28 S, Ion 4-1 W — Br shipPenrhyn
Castle, from Hamburg,, for Seattle.
Dec 6, lat 50 S, Ion; 75 W— Ger ship Alster
dam, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
Per schr' Le.ura MaSsen — Jan 13, lat 38 20
N, Ion 123 45 W, Br schr Director, with- 135
sealskins. - . \ . . ¦'-"¦-
SPOKEN,
Ger stmr Denderah, Von Riegen, STanaimo.
Bark Gatherer. Younggren, Tacoma. '
Bark /-Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu. ¦" . .
.Schr Newark; Cranirle, Stewarts ¦Pojflt.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodesa.
" Wednesday, January 15..
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, Eureka. ¦
Stmr State of California, Swanson, San
Diego.
Stmr ProBreso, Parker, Seattle.
Stmr , Scotia, , Walvlu. . . • .
Stmr Homer, - Donaldson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Grefenwood, Fncerlund, Greenwood.
U S stmr Hugh MeCuUdch, Failing, Monte
rey. ! v- ¦
SAILBD.
i • Wednesday, January 15. .
Stmr Queen, - Thomas, Victoria -and Port
Townser.d; Goodall. : Perkins & Co.
Br ship Wiscombe Park, Power, Queenstown;
Glrvln & Eyre.. .'
Br ehin • Strathdon, Walker, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthria & Co. !
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 15.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, 37& hours from
San Pedro. • .
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion. • . '
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. FaKerlund. 45 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, , Randall. 63% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Bonlta. Nopander, 04 hours from New
port and way ports. • --.:..
Stmr Alcatraa. Carlson, 10 hours from Cle
one. - • * • . •
Stmr John S Klmball, Timing, -80 hours from
Seattle. . ' "
Bktn Katie Flicklneer. Zeuthen, 26 days
from ,Tacoma,. via Clallam Bay 17 days. .
Schr C H Merchant, Carlson, 17 days from
Grays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The approximate geographical position of the
light, as taken from chart No. -8200 of the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey, will
be: Latitude, north 57 degrees 16 minutes (W
seconds); longitude, west 133 degrees -37 min
utes (21 seconds). Bearings and distances of
prominent objects from- the light will be: Left
tangent to Turnabout Island, SSW., 14'A miles;
westerly side of Sunset Island, NNW: % W.,
14;Ailes; northwesterly island of The Twins,
N ; by W. % W. 9% nilles. During thick or
foggy .weather; a 1 . Daboll trumpet - will sound
blasts of 5 seconds' duration separated by si
lent Intervals of 25 seconds, thus:
Blast. Silent Interval. Blast. Silent. Interval.
5 sec. 25 sec. ¦ 5 sec. 20 sec.
Bearings are magnetic and given * approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles.
This notice affects tho "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 30,
after No. 188, and the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1902." page 90.
By order cf the Lighthouse Board.
: N. H. FARQUAHAR.
Read Admiral. U. S. Navy. Chairman.
The focal plane of the light will be 08 feet,
above mean high water and the light maybe
seen 13% miles in clear weather, i the ob
server's eye 15 feet above the *va. f
• The structure consists of a square, black
tower, surmounted by a light gray lantern,
rising from the southerly end of the roof of a
white, square, two-story dwelling with brown
roof. A white oilhouse stands Just * to the
northward of the dwelling. The buildings are
on a concrete base.
Notice Is hereby given that, on or- about
March 1. 1002, a fixed white light of the fourth
order, illuminating the entire horizon, will be
established in thej structure recently erected
on the ' southeasterly ' of the- Five Finger Isl
ands, northerly part of Frederick Sound, ar.d
about J>/4 miles NW. % W. from Cape Fan
shaw. " .-¦-••¦.•.¦ '•• . • •
SOUTHEAST FIVE-FINGER ISLANDS
LIGHT STATION.
Notice to Mariners.
SOUTHEASTERN ALASKA.
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 75.
882 ctls wheat, valued at $83,470, | and 28,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $-ttW.
The British bark Strathdon was also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 68,
774 ctls wheat, valued at ?7G,750, and 2.»,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at ?3:J0. ¦ •
We are turning the steam dummy road from
the terminus , of . the Geary and Sacramento
street lines toi Twenty-fourth avenue, near the
Casino, into an electric road. We expect to
have the work done in ¦ two months, but we
could finish it in one week if it were necessary.
When the new road is built out to the cliff
it will, have a fine track , and - will take the
passengers near the chain of lakes, which no
road does at present. • i ¦ ., .•¦.•„ " -
We ' have a franchise for a road extending
from Twenty-fcurth avenue and Fulton street
out to the ocean beach, and it is valuable
property. We cannot build the road, however,
until the streets are graded. Yes, we have
surveyors going over the route. C
By extending this electric road beyond
the. Casino, passengers will have the ad
vantage of leaving the car about a mile
and a half from the terminus at the
ocean beach and be in proximity to
the beautiful chain of lakes. At present
there is no street car line that runs near
this pretty spot in the park. - *
Superintendent of Construction H. H.
Lynch of the Market-street Railway said
last evening: .
The Market-street Railway Company
officials' eyes have, been opened to the
fact that by changing the old steam
dummy line to the Casino into an elec
tric : road they will greatly increase the
travel upon it, so the necessary steps
were taken and the road will be an elec
tric system in less >than two months.
Surveyors are laying out the line of
the track and the road, when completed,
will furnish. the most direct and shortest
route to the ocean beach and Cliff House.
The Market-street railway system, has
the franchise already and it is an assured
fact that this new line. will toe In opera
tion in less than a. year.
The Market-street railway system Is
soon to have another electric line -to- the
beach and Cliff House. The road, will be
an extension of the one running on Ful
ton street from the terminus of the
Geary. Sacramento and McAllister street
lines" to Twenty-fourth avenue and the
Casino. It Is now a steam dummy line,
but electricity will soon be substituted
as the motive power. '
Proposed Extension Will
Pass Close to Chain H
of Iiakes.
Markets Street • Railway
to Build on From ,
the Casino. -;
NEW CAR LINE
TO THE CLIFF
French Cruiser- Protet Sails f o-Day for Tahiti by Way;;;of Hone-
Iulu---Transportation Companies Are Preparing for Nome Trade.
Ventura Will Get Away This Afternoori'for Australian Ports
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS GO AHEAD
WITH WATER-FRONT IMPROVEMENTS
THE BRITISH TRAMP STEAMER tVILLOWDENE, NOW LYING AT SECTION 2 OF. THE SEAWALL, BEING
TRANSFORMED INTO A FLOATING BARN TO TRANSPORT 700 MULES TO THE SUGAR PLANTATIONS OF
FIJI FOR AN AUSTRALIAN SYNDICATE, y
¦ . ' ' ' ¦ . . / •". ¦ ¦••*•.• . • ...•••
TO. SAIL.
Sun rises.'. . .'. . . . . v. ...'.. .¦..:. ..;.... .".7 ;24
Sun sets , .:. . :.;:;~..rr.rr.'?r.: .-•;-.-; .-.-; .-. . . .5:15
Moon arts '¦ (first quarter) . . ; .0 :C0 a. m.
7
Steamer, i
Destination. , . galls. I Pier.
January 1G. ¦ I
China & Japan.. 12 m|Pier27
Humboldt Uam|Pler ¦£
Los Angeles Ports.. <3pm|Pier 3
Puget Sound Poru.. 11 am|Pier u
Sydney & Way Pts.| 5 pm|Pier 7
Seattle & N.-.\Vhat.. 5pm|Pi«r 2
. ! January 17.. ¦ :[
Coquille "River . . 1 pm|Pler 2
Humboldt ... : . . 1 :30 p Pier »
Astoria &- Portland. » am Pier 2
Jununry IS.
Grays Harbor . j 5 pm Pier 28
Hamburg &yWay... .. |PlerJ4
Point Acena> ..i....i-2pm|Pter -i
Astoria jfc Portland. |11 am|Pier'2-Jl
Panama. & J\Vay. Pts. 1 12. m|PMSS
Newport & "Way Pts. »am|PierU
January • 10. - " ¦ | ¦ '
Portland & Avay Pts. 10 amlPler 10
Humb'oldt .......:.. » am Pier la
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 1U am Pier 13
San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier H
i Humboldt' . .... . . . . . 2 pm Pier -2
Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
January JiO.
Tlllamook Bay . . . : . 5 pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
January 221. I *
Coquille River ....... 12 m Pier a
Astoria & Portland. ......jPler 2
China & Japan .... lpmlPMSS-
Puget Sound Ports. . 11 aniJPler 9
. Jannnry 22. ' , [ --'• .•
Grays Harbor .... . 5 pwjPie'r 2
s-an Ditgo & Way... a am, Pier 11
Newport /t Way:... 0 amjPler 11
, January' 23.". \- ( . - .
Willapa Harbor .... 5 pniiPler 2
Astoria & Portland. ill amiPler2»
January . 25. , I I
Honolulu ... :.;.... '.|10 am|Pier 7
Destination.
ISalls.
Strathgyle.
North Fork
Nome City.
Queen. ....
Ventura... x
Rainier. 77.
Mandalay.
Pomona ...
C. Nelson..
ChehaHs...
Herodot... i
1'olnt Arena 1
O. Elder. . .
Newport...
Eoniia. .. ..
Alliance.^.
Eureka..'..
Arcata ....
Santa Rosa
San Pedro.
J. Kimball.
W. Kruger .'
Newburg. .
Argo.
Lakme ¦
Gaelic..:..
Umatllla..
Coronado. .
State Cal..
Coos Bay..
Rival
Columbia. .
Alameda. .
Steamer.
From.
Du«.
Mandalay.... Coquille River I Jan. 16
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 1U
San Pedro Humboldt . . '. Jan 10
hamnKoaa.. San Diego & Way Pta. Jan. It}
Pt. Arena Point Arena ¦'. Jan. HJ
Newburg..... Grays Harbor . ..Jan. ltf
Umatllla Puset Sound PortB..:... Jan. 17
Herodot Seattle Jan<-17
Chehalis Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Eureka...... Humboldt Jan. 17
Edith Seattle ................ Jan. 17
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma .....:. Jan IS
Santa Barb.. Grays Harbor .Jan 18
H. K. Mam.. China & Japan Jan. 18
Lakme Portland & Astoria Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Jan. 10
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 1»
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan 19
Argo Coquille River; Jan. 10
Pomona Humboldt '. . . ... ....... Jan *>li
W. H. Kruge! San Pedro j an '. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria '.... Jan 20
Crescent City Crescent City ........ Jan 20
Rival Willapa Harbor ....... Jan «l
A f Byll i New Y °rk via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda..... Honolulu ' Jan 22
Coronado..,,: San, Pedro .'. j an " 2°
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan*. Ti
North Fork.. Humboldt ..... ...Jan 22
Bonita. . . Newport & Way Ports'. Jan! 2a
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. Jan 23
Tucapel .... Valparaiso & Way Ports Jan! 25
P. W. EMer. ; Portland , & Astoria .... Jan 25
teamer.
"or.
Sail*.
A J-Ki. ......
Dirlgo. . . . . .\
Excelsior.-. . .
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 2<
Skag way ' & Way Ports. Jan . 2:
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 'S,
10
17
18
Time Time . . (Time ¦ .. iTlma:
. Ft. Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
H W - L. W :. f H W , . (l,;.W|
4:15 Tl 10-45 "To *4-50 ,~1Tt io7l5 Ti
5:01 5.2 11:56 1.3 6:S0U.C 11:16 2.5
5:52 5.3 l:0;{ 0.7 8:00 -3.7 .:... ...;
L.-W H W L W :. H \V
0:21 2.8 0:49 ; 8.5 2:02 0.1 3:09 ' 4.0
1:25 .2.9 7:4« 8.7 2:56 10:04 4.3
2:25 2.0 8:40 J6.l> 3:40 •— 0.8 10:52 4 0
3:23 2.8 0:30 6.0.4:34—1.0 11:36 4 0
¦ 4:1« 2.710:.S0 5.0 5:10—0.0 .....
19
20
L'l
Steamer, i
Destination. , . galls. I Pier.
January 1G. ¦ I
China & Japan.. 12 m|Pier27
Humboldt Uam|Pler ¦£
Los Angeles Ports.. <3pm|Pier 3
Puget Sound Poru.. 11 am|Pier u
Sydney & Way Pts.| 5 pm|Pier 7
Seattle & N.-.\Vhat.. 5pm|Pi«r 2
. ! January 17.. ¦ :[
Coquille "River . . 1 pm|Pler 2
Humboldt ... : . . 1 :30 p Pier »
Astoria &- Portland. » am Pier 2
Jununry IS.
Grays Harbor . j 5 pm Pier 28
Hamburg &yWay... .. |PlerJ4
Point Acena> ..i....i-2pm|Pter -i
Astoria jfc Portland. |11 am|Pier'2-Jl
Panama. & J\Vay. Pts. 1 12. m|PMSS
Newport & "Way Pts. »am|PierU
January • 10. - " ¦ | ¦ '
Portland & Avay Pts. 10 amlPler 10
Humb'oldt .......:.. » am Pier la
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 1U am Pier 13
San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier H
i Humboldt' . .... . . . . . 2 pm Pier -2
Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
January JiO.
Tlllamook Bay . . . : . 5 pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
January 221. I *
Coquille River ....... 12 m Pier a
Astoria & Portland. ......jPler 2
China & Japan .... lpmlPMSS-
Puget Sound Ports. . 11 aniJPler 9
. Jannnry 22. ' , [ --'• .•
Grays Harbor .... . 5 pwjPie'r 2
s-an Ditgo & Way... a am, Pier 11
Newport /t Way:... 0 amjPler 11
, January' 23.". \- ( . - .
Willapa Harbor .... 5 pniiPler 2
Astoria & Portland. ill amiPler2»
January . 25. , I I
Honolulu ... :.;.... '.|10 am|Pier 7
Destination.
ISalls.
Strathgyle.
North Fork
Nome City.
Queen. ....
Ventura... x
Rainier. 77.
Mandalay.
Pomona ...
C. Nelson..
ChehaHs...
Herodot... i
1'olnt Arena 1
O. Elder. . .
Newport...
Eoniia. .. ..
Alliance.^.
Eureka..'..
Arcata ....
Santa Rosa
San Pedro.
J. Kimball.
W. Kruger .'
Newburg. .
Argo.
Lakme ¦
Gaelic..:..
Umatllla..
Coronado. .
State Cal..
Coos Bay..
Rival
Columbia. .
Alameda. .
Steamer.
From.
Du«.
Mandalay.... Coquille River I Jan. 16
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 1U
San Pedro Humboldt . . '. Jan 10
hamnKoaa.. San Diego & Way Pta. Jan. It}
Pt. Arena Point Arena ¦'. Jan. HJ
Newburg..... Grays Harbor . ..Jan. ltf
Umatllla Puset Sound PortB..:... Jan. 17
Herodot Seattle Jan<-17
Chehalis Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Eureka...... Humboldt Jan. 17
Edith Seattle ................ Jan. 17
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma .....:. Jan IS
Santa Barb.. Grays Harbor .Jan 18
H. K. Mam.. China & Japan Jan. 18
Lakme Portland & Astoria Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Jan. 10
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 1»
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan 19
Argo Coquille River; Jan. 10
Pomona Humboldt '. . . ... ....... Jan *>li
W. H. Kruge! San Pedro j an '. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria '.... Jan 20
Crescent City Crescent City ........ Jan 20
Rival Willapa Harbor ....... Jan «l
A f Byll i New Y °rk via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda..... Honolulu ' Jan 22
Coronado..,,: San, Pedro .'. j an " 2°
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan*. Ti
North Fork.. Humboldt ..... ...Jan 22
Bonita. . . Newport & Way Ports'. Jan! 2a
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. Jan 23
Tucapel .... Valparaiso & Way Ports Jan! 25
P. W. EMer. ; Portland , & Astoria .... Jan 25
teamer.
"or.
Sail*.
A J-Ki. ......
Dirlgo. . . . . .\
Excelsior.-. . .
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 2<
Skag way ' & Way Ports. Jan . 2:
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 'S,
10
17
18
Time Time . . (Time ¦ .. iTlma:
. Ft. Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
H W - L. W :. f H W , . (l,;.W|
4:15 Tl 10-45 "To *4-50 ,~1Tt io7l5 Ti
5:01 5.2 11:56 1.3 6:S0U.C 11:16 2.5
5:52 5.3 l:0;{ 0.7 8:00 -3.7 .:... ...;
L.-W H W L W :. H \V
0:21 2.8 0:49 ; 8.5 2:02 0.1 3:09 ' 4.0
1:25 .2.9 7:4« 8.7 2:56 10:04 4.3
2:25 2.0 8:40 J6.l> 3:40 •— 0.8 10:52 4 0
3:23 2.8 0:30 6.0.4:34—1.0 11:36 4 0
¦ 4:1« 2.710:.S0 5.0 5:10—0.0 .....
19
20
L'l
2JEW ADVERTISEMENTS. '
FAKE HAIR PREPARATIONS
Do Hair No Good, but Often Causs
It to Fall Out
Many hair preparations are "fake", be-
cause they are merely scalp irritants.
They often cause a dryness, making the
hair brittle and finally lifeless. Dandruff
Is the cause of all trouble with hair: It Is
a germ disease.' The germ makes cuticle
scales as it digs to the root of the hair,
where it destroys the hair's vitality, caus-
ing the hair to fall out. To cure dandruff
the germ must be killed. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." Newbro's
Herpicide is the only hair preparation that
kills the dandruff germ, thereby leaving
the hair to grow luxuriantly.
' AMT7SEMS."?fTa
Angelus Piano Player Recital
SATURDAY, Jan 18th, 3P.M.
At Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall, !
ASSISTED BY
THE VICTOR DISC TALKINO MACHINE
And Mr. Oscar S. Frank, Baritone.
PART I.
1 — Paragraph III. Overture Suppe
2 — (a) Second Valse Lente Dolmetch
(b) Zamona, -an Arabian intermezzo..
Win. Loraine
. <c) A Coon Band Contest (by request). Pryor
3 — Song. "A Rose in Heaven"..... .Trottere
Mr. Oscar S. Frank.
4 — Norwegian -Dance Grieg
5 — The Ameer Potpourri Herbert
INTERMISSION. ¦
During the intermission the following selec-
tions will be rendered by the "Victor" Monarch
Disc Talking Machine:
(a) Hornpipe Polka, piccolo Schwelnfest
(b) Bedouin Love Song » J. IT. Meyer
(c) Miserere, "Trovatore," band ...-. ....Sousa
PART II.
6 — King Dodo, overture Luders
7 — (a) Valse de l'Opera, "Faust" Liszt
<b) Przasniczka (La Fileuse), in • F
sharp minor S. Moninszko
8 — Song. "Indeed" ..Trevelyan
Mr. Oscar S. Frank.
9 — String quartet in G minor, op. 27, Ro-
manza Grieg
10 — Rhapsodie Hongroise, No. 2 Liszt
The following selections will be rendered by
the Victor Disc- Talking Machine:
(a) "Annie Laurie," by request. Hayden Quartet
(b) "Patriot." trombone solo Arthur Pryor
(c) "Beauty's Eyes," song Herbert Goddard
AH vocal selections accompanied by the An-
gelus. Stelnway piano used.
ADMISSION FREE, ¦ but to prevent over-
crowding of the hall • tickets should be ' pro-
cured at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store,
Kearny and Sutter ets.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
; ELLA~BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
, SPECIAnO-NIGHT !
THE AMATEURS
Ab4 a LADIES' SKAT1N0 MATCH.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23. ;
CENTRAL PARK, ;
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P.; M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
/SUNDAYS: *
ADMISSION 25c AND 60c
fMJjF*^j*^^^F* C very Week Day —
t*T. . Rain or Shins.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kacea start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Farry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and'
12:30. 1. 1:20. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts;. no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. : AU trains via
Oakland . mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
care go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. ¦
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
race. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.-
CH AS. . F. PRICE. Eecy^ and Myr. .._-..
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIANS
LAST 3 NIGHTS AND MATINEE SAT.
MODJESKA and JAMES
And Incomparable Company.
To-night - - HENRY VIII
Friday Nlrht — "MERCHANT OF VETCICE."
Saturday Matinee — "MART STUART."
Saturday Klght— "MACBETH."
A NEXT MONDAY, Jan. 20,
J^KIRKELASHELLE
W$M OPERA CO.,
JjCrf In the Brilliant Opera Comique
%F F^Hii Success,
fffi PRINCESS
J t ABA •
' * SEATS NOW READY.
f=T Y Tf D r\ .TWO MATINEE
K= *'*^ * r*.f~\— .RECITALS.
AFTERNOONS OF
TUESDAY, Jan. 28. and FRIDAY, Jan. 31.
/ JOSEF
HOFMANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats — $2. Jl 50, $1 and 60c.
Seat eale begins next Monday, January 20,
et Sherman, Clay & Co.'s store.
MATINEE5 SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. '
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. j
Tremendous Success of
Herschel Mayall. Laura Nelson Hall and
Ths Grand Opera House Stock Company
. In a Magnificent Production of
"CLAIRE AND THE
FORCEM ASTER."
Mr. and Mrs. Kendall's Greatest Success.
POPULAR PRICES ..10c. 15c. 25c. 00c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, AU Matinees, 25c.
ICext Week— EDWIN ARDEN in "DON
CAESAR DE BAZAN." .
SPECIAL! FRIDAY, at 3:15 P. M-,
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT
First Series.
PAUL STEINDORFF. Director.
Seats, f I 50, $3. 75c and 50c, at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s.
GLORIOUS GALAXY OF STARS!
Kara the Great; Three Faust Sisters;
Arthur Buckner; Jacques Inaudi:
Mr and Mrs. Gardner Crane, and
the Biograph- Last times of Girard
and Gardner; The Three Westons,
and Alf Holt.
Reserved Seats, 25c{ Balcony, 10c: Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
BEIjASCO **"> TeSAlCSy-^i^Sf
*^ tmatcartuu
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of Augustin Daly's
World Famous Melodrama,
Under the Gaslight
See 1 Snorkey, the one-armed soldier — See the
Great Railroad Scene, etc.
paifCC Ev'gt 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
1&1VEO Matineea 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "THE FIRE PATROL."
cILVhiatr £rA >
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
First Production in This City of the New
Romantic Drama,
FOR THE
WHITE ROSE.
A Superb Play, dealing Vith the Most Ro-
mantic Period of English History-
Gorgeous Scenery — Historic Costumes, etc.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c. 75c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
In Preparation— "COR ALIE & CO."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
LAST WEEK— GET IN LINE!
Little Red
Riding Hood
Monday. January 20th,,
"THE TOY MAKER,
POPULAR PRICES— 25e. 50c and 75c •,
Telephone — Bush 9.
; The Critics Say "The Best of Down East
Plays."
THIS EVENING— MATIXEE SATURDAY
RICHARD GOLDEN
OLD JEDJROUTY.:
SUNDAY NIGHT— FREDERICK WARDE.
¦ Sunday. Monday and Tuesday Nights
- JULIUS CAESAR
Wednesday, Thurs. Nights. Sat. Matinee..
„_, MOUNTEBANK
. Friday Night ,V VIRGINIUS
Saturday Night KING LEAR
SEATS READY.
BASEBALL,
l ALL-AMERICANS
'; VS.
NATIONALS
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 2:45.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
FISCHFR' 5 ? CONCERT HOUSE
r lOUO^n O Admission 10c.
Clarence; Dora Mervln: Mendel and Mack;
Frank Ferei; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton;
Hines and Kimball, and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
¦ Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale ana manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
* newspaper offices, banks and the-
* sterg. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.'
AH VEBTISEMENTS.
— ____J '
FATAL ECONOMY.
|||MVERY old maxim declares tikt it isn't econ-
?!%?%/; omy to pick up pins ; the time is worth more
\ |#|p^ than the pins. Similarly it is not true econ-
j feil^id omy to do without Ivory Soap; your health
requires the daily removal of the bodily excretions
which are discharged through the pores .of the skin.
These tiny mouths must be kept open, and they
v should be opened only with, a pure soap.
IVORY SOAP— 99«>fS> PER CENT. PURE.
CCYflifiHT 1999 By THJ MOCTS1 A 6AMBL.E CO. CINCINNATI
I^^^ATJVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS A SHAME FOrJ
¦ ANY CASE OF
TO BE CUT, 1
MODERN SCIENCE HAS COM-;!
• , V pletely mastered, the . disease 7 <J i
: without surgery or delay. DO NOT $
ALLOW YOURSELF TO > BE $ i
BUTCHERED UNTIL. YOU HAVE 4>
INVESTIGATED. Over one thou- »
sand cases permanently cured ?/
without a single/failure, 500 Kof >?
whom live in the city of San Fran- »
Cisco. THE NAMES OF 75 PROM- Jz
FNENT BUSINESS MEN SENT > >i
AS REFERENCE. Do riot tako K
my. word for it, but find out what K
they have to say. The worst cases >!;
' wanted. Write to-dayl for; further'**!:
particulars. Address RESIDENT ' Zi
/PHYSICIAN, box 2673, Call Office, ,&
• San '.. Francisco. x ' . ?>
I O\7R^ GREAT
8 STOCK TAKING
I , SALE NOW
I GOING ON -* §
I E-yery article reduced.
I from 2.0% to 4t>%
| .0) INCORPORATED'
vfrmjm!,^^^ exclusive fur KoubCjin tK'e: wb rid.CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— The wheat trade early
was quiet, . with ' a . strong undertone. - After
yesterday's demoralization a . firm opening on
cables and dry weather, were very , reassuring
to the bull professionals. " The effect 'of /.the
Phillips . heavy liquidation had evaporated and ¦
the market was on its old footing . again.: Per
haps the most noticeable . result of yesterday's
tumult was the unusual heavy outside business.
Shortly .after the opening of 'May, which was
%@»4c to '/4@9fic higher" at 81i4c to 81%c,
there was an effort made at' supporting >.- the
market, and at -one time on a revival of com
mission , : buying - a recovery seemed ' imminent. '
As it was. May rose to 81 %c. Bears, however,
had the bulls virtually by the horns an,d pressed
prices steadily on.» : Heavyi selling set; In on
all sides. News came that Liverpool was, de
clining.; Some shorts took advantage of the
advance to cover for profits,' but the amount of
wheat thus absorbed was trifling. Weak holders
everywhere were forced out .by, the heavy calls
for margins [ by houses ; that ' feared ! other fail
ures might result I f rom : yesterday's . hard pres
sure. To abet the bearish argument, the coarse
grains were being • pounded . also. Cash ; corn
was especially weak. May. wheat : during ", the
last . hour slid : off - rapidly to ¦ 80c; , and at ; the
close of the session was weak,' %®%c lower at
80 l ,{c, : Local: receipts -were 45 cars, -two of
contract grade; Minneapolis and Duluth report
ed 894' cars, making a total 'for the three points
of 439 cars, against - 134 • last ¦ week and ' 3S5 ' a'
V New York Exchange is higher. Sllvar Is a
fraction : lower. " ', ' • , '
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 84?i
Sterling Exchange, sight.'. .....' 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88 ft
New .York Exchange, ' sight. . •*• ' — ¦ ¦ 10 .
New York Exchange, telegraphic ¦— '.' i . 12>4
Silver, per ounce ....;.. ;.....; - — ' - 55^i
Mexican Dollars . .V. ........... ,44% @ ,45
." Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Was dull ; yesterday, the excite
ment over the Phillips "failure having : left ¦ the
market apathetic: -;' ¦' Liverpool ¦" futures " " were
lower.' "Chicago: declined from 81c to 8014c.
and the sentiment - was bearish." -vThe. regular
bears sold freely; and . some heretofore r- strong
holders also sold. ; At, the- same; time there was
fair commission house 'buying," and the Mlnne-"
apolis mills reported i an | Improving. demand | for
flour. . Continued dry weather la. California
Exchange and- Bullion;
There is nothing new to report.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 15.— Wheat, quiet; wheat
in. Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets. ¦ quiet; weather in England,
frost; cotton, uplands, 4 9-16d. ..':-,
- LONDON, Jan. 15.— Consols, 94 l-16d; silver,
25 9-16d; French rentes, 100f 50c; wheat car
goes on passage, . quiet and steady; ' No. . . 1
standard California. ( 30s 3d : Walla Walla, 29s
7%d; English country markets, dull. •¦ >.•_•
San Francisco, 7 a. m., temperature 44 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
northwestern portion of the country while
there ha* been a slight rtee along the southern
coast. \ - .
A moderate disturbance appears to be ap
proaching the coast of Washington.
There has been a Blight rise In temperature
In California north of the Tehachapl.
No rain has fallen in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January 16:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, not so
cold; light southeast winds. . . -,
Southern California — Fair Thursday; . 'light
northerly winds, changing to westerly. '
Nevada — Fair Thursday;- light southerly
wind*.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy . Thurs
day, cot eo cold; light southerly wind. -
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. - 15. — Wheat — Unchanged;
bluestem, 65c; Club, 64c.*' f . .
% . PORTLAND, Jan. 15.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
63@64c; Bluestem, C5c. ' '
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 15.— Clearings. $431,
481; balances, $58,335. ! ,
Portland's Business.
Foreign Markets.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 50
for standards. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $2 5o
@3 for fancy; Seedlings. 50c@$l; Tangerines
$1@2; Japanese "Mandarins, -75c@$l; Lemons
50c@$l for common and $1@2 for good to choice
and $2 25@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, *l&2-
Mexican Limes, $0@5 60; Bananas, $1 75411
2 75 per bunch for. New Orleans and $1(31 75
for Hawaiian; Pineapples,; $3@4 per dozen.
' APPLES — $1'.GU@1'75 per box for extra, 75c
@$l 25 for good to choice and 25® 60c lor or
dinary.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box.
'- PERSIMMONS— 50c par box. i
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
- There Is nothing new in Apples and Pears.
The Pomona brought , 898 ooxea of Apples,' 250
of which were In transit for San Diego. Pears
and Persimmons are dragging. There arefbut
few fine Pears on the market at present, and
they are drawn from cold storage.
Four cars of Oranges were auctioned, • as fol
lows : Fancy Navels, $1' 25@2 65; choice \ do.
$1 40@2 30; standard do, 50c@$l 85; fancy
Grape Fruit, -70c@$l 00. The Oranges were
fine and the best yet offered at the auction this
season.- The demand was brisk. One car came
in for the outside market. ¦ . . . . . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The following maximum and . minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston .»26-22!Omaha .42-30
Cincinnati ......* 44-34 i Duluth 30-22
Philadelphia 38-26jChlcago 40-24
New York 30-26, Salt Lake City... 40-28
Kansas City 50-32 St. Louis 52-34
Jacksonville V 52-34 1 Washington 34-24
San Francisco «iata: Maximum temperature
54. minimum 41. mean 48.
Last Tills Lest
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka ..." 0 15.S4 30.13
Hed Bluff 0 10.36 • 1.1.U7
Sacramento 0 6.33 10.3«
Pan Francisco 0 5.94 11.60
Fresno O 3.25 7.02
Independence ......... 0 1.3S 5.00
San Luis Otilspo O 4.55 20.54
Los Angeles 0 2.46 7.48
San Diego 0 .77 2.45
NEW YORK Jan. 15.— Nothing, of impor
tance developed In evaporated apples to-day.
The market remains quiet and steady at former
prices. State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime,
9%@9%c; choice. 9%@10V6c; fancy. 10Vi@llc.
In California dried fruits a firm tone pre
vailed. The movement Is moderate. .
PRUNES— 3% @7c. - .
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, 8%
@13c. ' ¦¦: < - -
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 7&@
12%c . . . - •¦¦.:•¦
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,263 barrels'; exports, • 16,043 barrels ; de
pressed by further wheat heaviness and closed
easy.
WHEAT— Receipts,'* 96.900: bushels; exports,
32,297 bushels; spot, weak, : No. 2 red. 88%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 90%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth,. 86%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth, 92%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were generally weak , all day under moderate
liquidation and loss of confidence among bull
traders. Late heaviness In corn also con
tributed to the decline, as did outside-unload
ing, easier English cables and renewed short
selling. .The close was weak at %c net loss.
March 86@86 l-16c, closed 86c; May, 85 &@
86 5-16c, closed 85%c; July, 85@8"6c, . closed
85%c.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL — Dull.
' COFFEE — Spot Rlo,\ easy. No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; 'mild,. dull; Cordova, 7%@llc.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal, ! weak. Fair refin
ing, 2%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c. Molasses
sugar, 2%c. Refined was dull.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
l4*t season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
<12f»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 15 — 5 p. m
Weather Report.
EGGS— Ranch, 25@26c for selected large and
24c for good to : choice; k tore, 22 V4S '24c per
dozen; cold storage. Eastern. ' 18@ 19c.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10@10%c;
Young America, 12&@13c; Eastern, 13@15c
per lb. • . v .. • . - • : •, - .
• BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c per lb .for
fancy 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy, 17% @22c: store Butter. 14@17c per lb;
Creamery Tub. 20c; Pickled Roll. lS@19c; Keg.
lti@18c per lb. -
Butter rules firm with moderate supplies,
Receipts were 15,200 pounds of Butter,
pounds ot , Eastern Butter, 758 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 5200 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
. Eggs continued- to shade off. and 26c was
not often obtained, unless the seller delivered
the goods. Stocks are slowly but steadily In
creasing, and with warmer weather still lower
quotations are looked for.
The feeling in Cheese continues weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Tubbs Cordare Company (a corporation) to
Southern Pacific" Company (a corporation), lot
on SE corner of Twenty-second street and
Pennsylvania avenue. E 100. S 100. E 100 S
74:9, NW 217:10. N 87:8; also lot on W line of
Iowa street. 229:3 S of Twenty-second. 8
215:11. NW 217.79, N 216:9. SE 217:10- $10
Elizabeth Chapln Tubbs. Alfred S. and Alice
H. Tubba, J. S. and Nettie Tubbs Oyster WU
!)»"" Bray Tubbs. Jennie F,, and Anne T.
Tubbs to same, lot on B line of Pennsylvania
avenue, 433 N of Twenty-third. E 172 N\V
1 ? 7:4 .* 7 t; 4: - al 4^. lot on w Ua » of' Iowa
Twenty-third. N 100 by W
W. Oliver Scott to O. L. Fitz. lot on E line
of Forty-third avenue. 150 S of Point Lobos?
0 io Dy h. jjo; $1.
Joseph Flgel to Eugene P. Kennedy. lot on
S line of Point Loboa avenue. 5T:« E of
Eleventh. E 50 by S 100; $10.
Louis and Rose Llpman to Albert Meyer lot
.on NE corner of Nineteenth avenue and K
street. E 57:6 by N 100; $10.
Victor Schmld to J. Schweitzer ft Co. (Jacob
Schweitzer and Isaac Levy), re-record of 1761
Scr.1: lot ° n W llne °* Thrrty-elsrhth avenue.
300 S of U street, S 25 by W 120; $1.
oo? e ?JS e ??• Wood t0 Ann!e E - Collins, lot
S2S, Gift Map 2, quitclaim deed; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Eugenie Galatolre (wife
of Leon), lot on NE line of Ninth avenue. 100
SE of N street. SE 100 by NE 100. lot 4«.
block 166. Central Park Homestead; *1O,
August F. Schleicher and Bertha Head
(Schieicher) to Katharina Schleicher lot on N*
line of O'Farrell street, 100:6 W of Franklin,
W 33:3 by N 120 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Cornelius Whelton to Honora Whelton. lot
on E line of Buchanan street, 112:6 N of Turk
N 25 by E S7:6; gift.
Mary Murphy (widow) to Susan C. Murphy,
undivided part of lot on N llne of Page street.
150 W of Broderick. W 25 by N 137:6; $3.
A. B. McCreery to W. F. Ambrose, lot on
W line of Baker street. 62:6 S of Golden Gata
avenue. W 06:10Vi by S 25; $10.
. John Coop and James W. Smith to Peter K
and Ellen M. Goodwin, lot on N line of Freder
ick street. 96:10Vi W of Clayton, W 25 by X
110; $10.
Isaac and Emily Eliaser to B. Harris, lot on
S line of Oak street, 62:6 W of Shrader. W
25 by S 100; $975O.
B. Harris to Flora Eliaser, same, reserving
life estate: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to A. B
Patrick & Co. (corporation), lot qn SE corner
of Eighteenth and Folsom streets, S 150 by E
Builder^' Contracts.
Madlgan, O'Neill & Co. (owners) with J/ F
Millerick (contractor), architect T. Paterson
Ross — Carpenter work, alterations, additions,
brick piers, to chanze Grove-street Theater
building- Into a stable, -on lot on N line of
Grove street, between Polk street and Van
Ness avenue: *20C0.
Henry Eschweller (owner) with John Bash
ford (contractor), architect Carpenter anil
brick work, roofln*. tinning, glazing, plumb
ing, gasfltting and painting for a ."5-story fram»
building (fiats) on lot on E line of Hollla
street. 50 8 of O'Farrell. 25 by 80- S.-J750
A. W. Pattianl (owner) with Floodbers &
McCaffery (contractors), architects A \v Pat
tianl & Co.— Plasterlnar and lathing for a 15
story and basement building. Hotel Atlanta, or.
aa' by £o"%3°tu EUl3 8t - eet * 197 w of Jone> '
Jochlm Sasa (owner) with C. Schutt (con
tractor), architects H. Gel 1 fuss & Son Exca
vation, brick, concrete, carpenter, mill and
stair work, roofln*. blazing, plasterins and
hardware -for a 1-story -frame structure, with
partly basement, on let on NW corner of Brj
ant and Sixteenth street*. W SO by N 23:
Robert Trost (owneO with Anton Banmiii
(contractor), architect — — All work for a 2
atory frame bullillnjr on lot en NF corner of
Bryant and Twenty-sixth streets; $2T.0."». Note.
— Name3 are evidently reversed In this con
tract, as In the . bond Banmaa appears as
owner and Trost aa contractor.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances of the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold In- the
division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $169,617,205; gold.
$105,583,477. ...
Condition of the Treasury.
Bld.Ask. i • Bid Ask.
4s quar coup.111%112' 43 qr c (new)l39 '
4s quar reg.111%112^ *s quar coup.iosai.
- MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW Co. — — Oceanic 5s.. 101 10
Bay CPC f s 1CS%1O9% Ombus C 6s.l30U _
Cal-st 6s ...116% — ?ac O Im 4s. 06 100
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 0s..l05 10G«i
Ed L&P 6s.. — — Pk&O R 6a.. 117 I20
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% _
Geary-st 5s. — 10O Sac EGR 5a os2 —
H D c o & § 8 5 .*. a : ~msl aft/Sft 1 ?^ .
Z, Am R 53.119 IW14 S P of Ar 63
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) ...m _
Do-rtd 6s. — : — • (1910) 1121/11*
Do gtd 5s.l03%104VS 5 Pof CaVei %
LA &.P5a. 90 .- .- ¦ <19C3)Sr A 1ODV1A8U
Do lem 5S.101 103 (19C5)Sr B 108T>lot«Z
Mkt-st C .C-.U25U128 ' (1906 . ; in " ~ %
Do lem 53.121 122 . (1Q12» • " 1O1
N R Cal 6s.lO9% — 6 P Cal ' 1st
• Do 5s 121% — c rntd 5s 11(1
N Pac C 5s.lO« 106^4 s p BrCal6s'l-?«*i
N Cal R 58.112*113* S V.\*at :to ""2** ~
Oak Gas 5s.ll3% — 1 r> o 4s.. lO^iaiv
Oak Trns 6s.l21%122 Do 4s 3dm lOlSlo*
Do 1st c5s.109%11» 'stkn Gas 6alO-%-
Oak We 5s.lO2VilO2%. vTA: ?
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 75 |Port Costa..' «* 14 c«
Martn Co 50 — ISpringr Val . . 85 85 V.
: GAS AND ELECTRIC.'
Cent L. & P. 2% . 2% Pac Ltprht. . . — y>y.
Eqt G L Co. 3% 4fc, Sac E G&RC20 35
Mutual — 5.. S P G & E. . 40«4 _
O G L & H. 51tt"52 Pan Fran... 5rJ_
Pac Gas Imp 35 40 . Stktn G &-E a
' INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.2t7Vi — |,
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal... 80; 82. IL P & A....1C5 170
California ..415 — Mer Ex Miq) 1SU
Cal Safe Dp.112 — IS F Natlonl.1372 —
First Natnl..32S "350 «"-i^i *s
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German. ...1925 2000; |Sav &Loan. — 90
Humboldt V. — — 'Security SavGOG 350
Mutual Sav.(i6 — ,. 'Union Trust. 2475
S F Sav U..512% -^ I . ~ -' "t -
UNITED STATES BONDS.
"WEDNESDAY, Jan. 15 — 2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Local stocks and bonds continue dull. The
only changes on the morning session were a
decline [a Giant Powder to $79 87% and in
Alaska Packers to $171 50. There was noth
ing new in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was off again
at $79 50. .'
The Oakland. San Leandro and Haywards
Railroad Company and the Presidio Railway
Company paid the usual dividends of 20c yes
terday. ' .
The Home Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 7%c on the 21st.
The Ped Bank Oil assessment of 2c fell de
linquent In the board yesterday.
The announcement that the Monte Cristo as
sessment of 10c would fall delinquent Febru
ary 4 was a mistake, resulting from a simi
larity of names. It should have read Del
Monte, as there Is no assessment pending on the
Monte Cristo.
The Presidio Railroad was ex-dividend of 20c
yesterday, the amount being $2000.
The report of the Alaska United mine for
the month ending December 15 shows 18 455
tons ore crushed, of a value of $17,037 and
025 tons sulphurets, of a value of $17,737. To
tal receipts for the month $3S,S10; expenses
$20,900. Average of ore. $2 10 per ton
The annual meeting of the Alaska. Packers'
Association was held on the 14th. The finan
cial statement is annexed z
Assets — Canneries and fishing stations $3 -
285,775 16; inventories. $821,91« 12; unexpire'd
insurance, $9978 01; bills receivable $323
652 79; floating property. $913,000; cash on
hand. $32,261 82; total $5,986,583 SO
, Liabilities — Capital stock. $3,120 000- open
accounts (employes, etc.), $6S0.507 40; dividend
account, 1002. $576,000; insurance reserve fund
$558,241 05; contingent reserve fund, $1 051
834 55; total. $5,986,583 90.
Directors elected as follows: Henry F. Fort
mann, president; Charles Hlrsch and D. Drys
dale vice presidents; W. B. Bradford Sidney
M. Smith. E. B. Pond. G. NIebaum. Isaac
Llebes and George W. Hume; C. W. Dorr sec
retary; Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, treasurer
' ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Jan. 15.^— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1500; market steady. Natives, $3 50®7;
cows and heifers. $1 25©5 35; veals, $3 50@
0 25;- stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 CO. ' •
: HOGS — Receipts. 5300; market steady.. Light
and. light mixed, $5 95@6 40; medium and
heavy, $6 25@6 70:' pigs, $3 75@4 90. ¦" ¦/..¦:.
: SHEEP — Receipts, ,325; market -steady to
strong. '¦••/„<
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO,
CHICAGO, Jan. j 15.-^-CATTLE— Receipts,
22.000, including 300 Texans. ¦ Westerns slow
and 10@15c lower. Good to prime, $6 60@7. 45;
poor to medium, $4 50(55 40; stockers and feed
ers,: $2"25@4 75; cows, $1 25®4 75; heifers,
$2 50@5; canners. $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 50;
calves. $2 50@6 50; Texas steers, $3 25@5 60.
• HOGS — Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow.
35,000; left over, 4000. Little higher; closed
easy.- ! Mixed and butchers, $5 95(36 60; good
to choice heavy. $6 40f« 05; rough heavy. $6®
6 30; light, $5 50@6 25; bulk of sales. $6@6 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16.000. Sheep, steady:
lambs, .. strong to. 10c higher. Good to choice
wethers. $4 3C@5; fair to choice mixed, $3 75@
4 40: Western sheep, fed, ' $i 23@5: native
Iambs, $4 50@5; "Western lambs. .fed, $5@6. -
Official yesterday: Receipts-^Cattle, 8124;
hogg, 20,990; sheep, 13.774.,
I Shipments — Cattle, 2533; hogs, 2974; sheep,
1842. <•.'¦• \
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Coffee futures closed
steady." Total sales, 78,500 bags. Including:
January, 6.20c; March. «.30@6.35c; April, 6.40c;
May, 6.45@6.55c; June. 6.55c; July, 6.55c; Sep
tember. 6.80@6.S5c; October, 0.90c; December,
6.95@7.05c. j ' <¦ '
Nrju York Coffee Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Money on call, 4%"®
5 per cent: closed offered at 3 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%@5^i per cent; sterling
exchange was steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 87 for demand and at
$4 84%@4 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 sr.fi i SS; commercial bills, $4 83%@4 83%;
bar silver, 55%c; Mexican dollars, 44%c; bonds
— Governments, irregular; States, inactive;
railroads, irregular. : '¦',',— '
CLOSING
New York Money' Market.
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 25:
Rabbits. $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard, $2@3; Canvasback, $2 Bo® 3 50; Sprig,
$1 75@2; Teal, $1 25@1 50; Widgeon, $1 25;
Small Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack, $1 25; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray
Geese. $3; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, $2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50. )
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75: Goslings,
$1 75(32; Ducks, $5@6 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens. $4@5: young Roosters. 54 50©
5 CO; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50:
Broilers. $4@4 50 for large and $3 00® 4 for
small: Pigeons, '$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $2@2 25 for Squabs. . \ "
Receipts were 76 sacks.
Game Is still dull
One car of Eastern .came In,' making three
thus far this week. " Receipts of local stock
are light and" young fowl is well cleaned up,
but old stock is dragging. •;'
Poultry and. Games
NEW YORK. Jan. 15. — The cotton market
opened steady, with prices 4@7 points higher
and closed firm in tone, with prices well at
the top, with the advances of 6@10 points.
New York Cotton' Market.
Stocks were active and hard to-day, consols
rising on yesterday's peace report. American
stocks were stagnant at first. On New. York's
early strength prices advanced about half a
point, but finally eased off again. London is
inclined to hold aloof, pending the settlement
of the Northern Securities Company litigation.
Copper stocks were featureless and money
rates were unchanged. Paris is inquiring for
gold, the price of which' metal is 77s 10%d.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: j
London Market.
Iron was dull at New York.' The European
markets were ' lower. ' Glasgow closed - at 48s
lid and Middlesboro closed at 43s 10%d. Plg
iron warrants, $11@12; No. 1 foundry, North
ern. $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $15
@15 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $15 50@10;
No." 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $15@17. " .
Tin was higher here, although at the close
the tone was 'rather 'easy, especially for for
ward delivery. / Spot tin closed at $23 75®
24.25. Futures closed with sellers of ./Janu
ary at $23 40 and February and March- at
$2325. Tin In London closed 2s 6d lower, with
spot at "£104 17s t'.d and futures at £101. 15s. ¦'
Lead was quiet here. at 4c, but London was
2s 6d higher at £10 7s 6d.
- Spelter closed at $4 35 here - and London
closed unchanged at £16 10s. ¦ -
NEW YORK. * Jan. 15. — Prices for copper
were reduced %@Uc to-day. . This makes a
decline of nearly 6 cents since the first de
cline on December 13 last, and the sixth re
duction since that time. Lake copper is now
quoted at ll%c; electrolytic at lie and cast
ing at 10% c. The feeling was unsettled at
the decline. . Demand was moderate, as trie
leading manufacturers are' not satisfied there
will be no further declines. The London copper
market closed unchanged, with spot at £45
10s and futures at £45 17s 6d.
New York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles, 3@5c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
10(517 %c; Cabbage. 40<g50c per ctl; Los An
geles.Tomatoes, 75c®$l 50 per box and $1 25®
1 75 per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c per lb;
Los Angeles do. 16(gl8c: Dried Okra, 12%@
15c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 75cig:$l 50 per dozen; Garlic, 1%@
2c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 12%@20c; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 15c; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, $1@1 25; Marrowfat
Squash, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8®
10; Mushrooms, nominal. ~
Sweet Potatoes are higher
POTATOES— $1@1 25 ¦ for Burbanks from
the river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Ore
gon ' Burbanks, - $1 25@1 60; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. $1 40@l 50; River Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed, $1 25; Sweets, $1 25@1 25
for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 50@l 75 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
<g2; Green Onions. 50@65c per box.
Although receipts of southern Vegetables are
light, the market Is weak. Peas. - Tomatoes
and Summer Squash have been accumulating
and carrled-over stock is selling below quota
tions. Fine String Beans are scarce.
The Oregon steamer Is in with large supplies
of Potatoes,' but no sales have been made yet.
. Receipts of Potatoes were liberal again, be
ing 8778 sacks, but the market was firm. Riv
ers are becoming somewhat scarce and dealers
are gradually advancing prlcee. The demand
hardly justifies the advance, but as the supply
has been reduced below the normal by the
heavy shipments last fall the speculators are
advancing quotations.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Liverpool: ; ;
Wheat— • < March.. - May.
Opening .•.".. .;.".. 6 3Vi 6 3%
Closing ......'....... ' 6 2% ,. 6 3V4
; ,¦.¦'. ..PARIS.'
.Wheat — ,- Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 95 22 90
Closing , \ . 21 95 . 22 95
Flour-
Opening 27 90 , 2S 90
Closing 27 90 •* 28 90
Foreign Futures.
There is. nothing new under this head. The
demand for Beans continues light.
BEANS— Bayos, j $2 50@2 60: Small White,
$3@3 25;. Large White, $2 90@3 10; Pea, $3 50@
4; Pink, $2@2 20: Red, $2 50@3: Blackeye. $3 50
3 65; Limas, $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys, $3 50®
3 75 per ctl. ¦ .' • : ¦
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 2503 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75 ; Canary.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,-: from Utah,
8%c: Rape,- 1^4@l%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED' PEAS— Nlles, $125@1 65; Green,
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13. 1
Flour, qr sks... 29,264]Feed. sks... 30
"Wheat, ctls 143,001 1 Wine, gals 37 610
Barley, ctls 11,600 : Lime, bbls lg2
Corn, ctls 400' Leather, rolls... 14
Beans, sks 2,800 Quicksilver, flsks 130
Potatoes, sks.... 8,"78 Sugar, ctls 2193
Onions, sks - 28 Tallow, ctla 244
Bran, sks - 170 Pelts, bdls B47
Middlings, sks.. 110 Hides. No 1004
flay, tons 290 Wool, sks «
Receipts of Produce.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; 9 Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100.
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10«
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more;
50-lb bags, lCc more. No- orders > taken for lest
than 75 j barrels | or Its equivalent." Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes. 5.55c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c : in
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c; In cases.
20%c; 8#-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26% c.
TURPENTINE— 61%Ns per gallon In cases
and 55%c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-li> bags:
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
72c; -raw, 70c; cases, : 5c more; Lucol. 62c for
boiled and 60c for raw. in barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 67%<@ i e8c per gallon; pure Neats
foot,-in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40® 50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c: Co
coanut Oil, barrels, C3%c for Ceylon and 68%c
for Australian.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay. $"4 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$1S; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per
ton. according to brand.
GRAIN *BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; Io
cal make. V^c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32£TOc: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c. -
General Merchandise.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 15-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I . Rid A«1r
Alpha _ 01 ! Justice 05 0«
•AHa 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Al »ae» — 02 Lady Wash.. 01
gelcher 09 10 Mexican ..... 32 3-1
Best & Belch. 11 12 Occidental ... 10 1"
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 84 i«
Caledonia .... 25 26 Overman .... 10 It
Challenge Con 12 14 Potosl is 10
Chollar 10 11 Savage ...... 07 6»
Confidence .. 55 60 Scorpion — . 04
Con C & Va 1 45 1 5O 1 Seg Belcher. . 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nevada 20 21
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill.... 4« 47
Crown Point. 02 08 St Louis 05 —
Eureka Con.. 20 —Standard 3 40 3 50
Exchequer... — 02 Syndicate .... 08 07
Gould & Curry 05 06 Union Con .... 18 "4
Ha e ft Norc. 37 39 Utah 04 06
Julia- '— 01 Yellow Jacket 07 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Afternoon Session.
?£? Cajedonla ... 24 200 Ophir St
1™ Caledonia ... 25 200 Ophir S2
500 Chollar 10 000 Overman .... (w
IMConC & v.l 47% 200 Overman .... 0!>
BOO Gould & Curry 0O 2200 Overman 10
200 Hale & Norc. 34 200 Sierra Nev... is
200 Hale & Norc. 35 200 Sierra Nev. . . l!>
500 Mexican 31 700 Silver Hill... 47
000 Occidental ... 11 300 Union Con . 13
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
S00 Best Sc Belch. 11 SCO Overman ... 09
2C0 Chollar 09 800 Potost 1!>
300 Chollar 10 7C0 Potosl . . IS
800 Con C & V.I 47% 200 Sierra N«v... 1!»
200 Mexican ..... 32 200 Sierra Nev. .. 20
2X££. d * ntal '•• ll 2°° Silver Hill... 47
. 20O Ophir ....... 81
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belch. It 100 Ophir 81
700 Chollar 10 50O Overman ... 09
2C0 Challenge 12 1300 Potosl 1*
50 Con C & Va. . I 45 100 Potosl 10
300 Con C & Va..l 50 500 Savage OS
300 Gould & Curry Ofi 2no Sierra Nev. .. l!>
300 Mexican .. r .. 30 1200 Silver Hilt ... 47
100 Occidental ... 10
Afternoon Session.
40O Best & Belch. 11 200 Mexican 30
300 Chollar 00 S0O Ophir 8 :
."500 Con C & Va..l 50 2000 Potosi ... "" l<*
2CO Con C & Va..l 4." 200 Yellow Jacket 07
400 Gould & Curry 05' '
MINING STOCKS.
Hay and Feedstuff s continue firm, but prices
show no further change. . ¦'- , •
BRAN— $18 5C@19 50 per ton. - ¦
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $18@18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; job
bing, $28 50@29; Cocoanut . Cake, $20@21: Corn
Meal,- $31@31 50: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32:
Mixed Feed, $16 50@17 50.
HAY — Wheat, $C@12; fancy, $12 50@13;
Wheat and Oat, $9@12 50; Oat. $8 50@H 50.;
Barley and Oat. $8@10; Alfalfa, $S@10; Clover,
$6 5C@7 50; . Volunteer. $6@8 50; Stock. $6®
7 50 per ton." , ¦ • ¦ "
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
LAMB— 9<g9y.c per lb.
PORK— Live "Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 6®
C%c; under 150 lbs, 5%©5?ic; sows. 20 per cent
off; fcoars. 30 per cent off. and stags, 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7@8%c.
Quotations showed no further variation, and
the market was auiet.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 637c peT lb
for Cows." •
VEAL — Large, 7@8c- small. S@0%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; . Ewes. 7%®8e
per lb.
San Francisco Meat
NEW YORK CLOSING STOCKS.
Stock — . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison , 61,400 7tS#" 75 l ,i 76%
Atchiscn pfd...... 5.500 U8 07% 07%
Baltimore & Ohio.. ".13,700 102 101 Vi 101 ft
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 9ti 96 S»'i
Canadian Pacific... 600 11354 113 113%
Canada Southern... 1,400 S6VI S5H 86
Chesapeake & Ohio 3,<!0u 45^ 45Vs 45'i
Chicago & Alton... 700 34^ 34 34 Vi
Chgo & Alton pfd 76&
Chgo, Ind & Louis. 2,100 50 V6 49^ 50
Chsro. Ind & L pfd. 100 75ft 75»A 75%
ChKO &. East 111 134
Chgo & Great W... 1,800 22% 22^ 22=i
Chgo & G W A pfd 300 84 84 83^
Chgo & G W B pfd 300 44U 43& 43
Chgo & Nwestern.. 400 207% 206 205>4
Chgo, R I & Pac. 1.200 154V* 152 154}i
Cbgo Term & Tran. 200 17 . 17 17
Chgo T & T pfd... 100 31 »i 31% 31%
C, C. C & St Louis . 300 05Vi 05»i 95%
Colorado Southern. 700 14Vi 14«£ 14%
Colo So 1st pfd 800 59% 59 V4 69%
Colo So 2d pfd 27%
l>el & Hudson 1,500 173% 172% 172%
Del. Lack & W: . . . 200 255 253 252
Denver & R G 42%
Den & R G pfd 1,000 91U- 00% 91
Erie 38,200 40 &)% 39»i
Erie 1st pfd 4,ti00 72% 71?, 72
Erie 2d ptd 2,800 57% 5t>«/ 4 51%
Great Northern pfd 700 184 18314 183
HoekiHK Valley 2,800 B7% 66 67
Hocking Valley pfd 700 R2Vi SlVs 82Vi
Illinois Central..... 500 13S% 137% 138V*
Iowa Central 300 38% 37% 37%
Iowa Central pfd .\.. .... 71
Lake Erie & West. 800 65 64 65%
Lake Erie & W pfd 600 127% 127 125
JJoulEvtile <fc Nash. 5.70O 105 104 104%
Manhattan Elev 3»,«00 137«i 13«V4 137
Metropolitan St Ry 1,900 161% 159% 160%
Mexican Central... 1,000 26% 25% 26%
Mexican National.. 700 14% 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis 104
Missouri Pacific 8.4O0 101 100% 100%
Mo, Kans & Texas. 800 25% 25 25
Mo, K & T pfd 600 51% 51 " 61%
New Jerssy Cent.'.. 4,200 190 190 187%
New York Central, lti.600 1C3%' 162 1C3
Norfolk & Western 900/65% 65 55%
Norfolk & W pfd 92
Ontario & W 1.4tO 34 33U 33%
Pennsylvania 3S.900 146% 145% 146%
Reading 4,700 54% 53% 54%
Reading 1st pfd.... 5,000 81% 80% 81%
Reading 2d pfd 19,500 (51% 60% . 61%
St Louis & S F.... 6,100 60% 59% 60%
St L & S F 1st pfd .... 85%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,800 74% 74 74%
St Louis Swstrn..: 26%
St L Swstrn pfd... 1,200 59% 58 . 59
St Paul 16,900 162V4 161 162
St Paul pfd 200 187 180 186%
Southern Pacific... 20.700 ,59% 58% 59%
Southern Railway.. 10.000 • 32% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd... 3.000 9.3 02»,i 92%
Texas & Pacific... 2,600 37% 37% 38
Toledo. St L & W. 700 19y 4 • 19ft 19
Tol, St L» & W pfd. 500 35% 35 35%
Union Pacific 64,800 101% 89% 101-
Union Pacific pfd. . 2.000 88% 87 88%
Wabash 1,300 22% 21% 22%
Wabash pfd .«...-¦... 3.000" 42 ; 41% „ 41%
Wheel & Lake- Erie 300 17% 17% 17%
Wheel & L E 2d pfd .... .... 28
Wisconsin Central. 1,000 19% 19% 19%
Wise Central pfd.. 300 40% 40% 40
Express Companies — .
Adams .' .... 195
American ...... .... 210
United States ..... 10%
Wells-Fargo .... 185.
Miscellaneous — '¦
Amalg Copper 23,700 '69% 67% 69%
Am Car & Foundry. , 400 2S?i ' 28% 28%
Am Car & Fdry pfd 200 85% 85% 85%
Amer Linseed Oil. .... 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd - 42
Am Smtg & Ref... 4,000 45% .44% 45
Am Smtg & Ref pfd 200 !>0% 06% ¦ MW*
Anaconda Mln Co. 1,300 30 29% • 29%
Brooklyn Rap Trnst U.700 64% «3 WU
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 600 80 85% 86
Consolidated Gas.-. -1.000. 217 :' 213 214%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 300 11U 115 : 115
General Electric... 400 277 27(i% ¦¦ TTtVi
Glucose Sugar 6,500 , 4«% 45 -5 45%
Hocking Coal...... 200 14% 14% 14
International Paper - 19%
Internat Paper pfd .... .... 75
Intermit Power :-.' ' - 87
'Laclede Gas ;.... ..... 90
National' Biscuit... 200 44% 44% 44%
National Lead...... 100 10 16 ' ' 15 ji
National Salt ..... .... 30
National Salt pfd.. '....."¦ . ' ¦ «4
North American 88
Pacific Coast 100 73% i7.1>4 ««/.
Pacific Mall ;. 900 47%- 46 47%
People's Gas....... 34.IK.-rt 102% !)8U I>9Vi
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 40, '«% 3ft%
Press Steel Car. pfd 100 84 ,-84 84%
Pullman Palace Car 300 ! 222 '222 219
Republic Steel....; 700 16% 16%- 16%
NEW YORK. Jan. 15. — The stock market
turned from its recent consistent downward
course to-day and enjoyed something of a
rally. The demand was on a fairly large
scale, but the market showed a tendency to
fall into intense dullness and developed a
hesitating tone on the advance. There were
a number of reactions during the day,' but the
closing was near to the top level, but dull
ness and wavering still very manifest. The
demand from the short interest was a pal
pable influence in the rise. Evidences of sup
port were seen early In the day in some of the
stocks, which were chief arguments 'for bear
attacks, notably in Union Pacific and other
trar*scor.tinental». This served to Intimidate
the bears, although they renewed their selling
on advances. The fact was manifest, how
ever, that the more urgent selling had been
dlspdsed of lu previous days, and the efforts
of the bears induced little liquidation. A
number of Incidents aided the bulls In turn
ing the market against their opponents. There
was a striking demonstration in Sugar on tin
strength of the hearing accorded by the Ways
and Means Committee at Washington to the
advocates of a reduction of duties on Cuban
sugars. The increase in the dividend rate
from 2 to a per cent on New York, Chicago
and St. Louis second preferred relieved some
apprehension that there would be no increase,
although the distribution was ' not as large as
some speculators have claimed. New York
Central developed strength early in the day
and had risen to the highest point before the
announcement of the new stock issue and the
subscription rights to stockholders. The price
was inclined to sag after the announcement,
as new bond and capital issues have been in
disfavor with speculators recently. The price
of the ttock has indicated for some time past
that rights of tome sort were accruing, as
the directors' statement now Indicates was,
the fact. The statement of the country's for
eign trade, for December was regarded as
favorable. The heavy decline In exports of
breadstuffs, principally of corn, was expected.
The decline in this item accounts for practi
cally the whole of the decrease In the total
exports for the month, which was about
$8,P00,000. compared with the previous Decem
ber. This shows that the declining tendency
In the exports . of manufactured products has
been arrested, as was first Indicated la<«t
month. The increase > in the imports for the
month has resulted in a falling off of the
trade balance in our favor altogether of over
$20,000,000, compared with the - previous De
cember, but' the Increase in imports is not
regarded aa an unfavorable factor at pres
ent, as It is made up in part of crude articles
for use In manufactures and of products for
which domestic manufacturers are not able
to fill all the orders they receive. The large
gain by the banks from the Sub-Treasury and
the retorn of the flow of currency ' from the
interior give assurance of a [ favorable bank
return on Saturday, and the heaviness of sterl
ing exchange indicates that no gold will go out
this week. There was also a subsidence to-day
of recent vague rumors of financial troubles
in the commercial world. The sharp drop in
People's Gas was due to the refusal of a court
to grant an - injunction against the Chicago
city ordinance reducing the rate for gas to
75 cents per thousand. Its Influence on the
general market was only slight. The active
bonds generally moved in sympathy with
stocks. Total sales, par value, $3,225,000.
United States refunding twos declined }g ana
the threes coupon advanced % per cent on the
last cell.
New York Stock Market.
Railroad earnings continue very flattering,
and thi? in spite of a falling off in the grain
movement at the West. General traffic is still
exceedingly heavy, and railroad officials ap
pear confident of its continuance. The coal
trade is in excellent condition, demand being
heavy and prices high. The increase, however,
in Jersey Central dividend "from 5 to 8 per
cent savored more of stock speculation In be
half of Reading than good railroad manage
ment. Such strength as the market has lately
fhoxrn was entirely due to powerful manipula
tion aided by easy money. Rising bank re-
FFi-ves are to be expected for some time to
come and as the big leaders are all necessarily
r-nlisted on the lone side, having stocks in
abundance to sell. It is quite probable that in
the absence of unfavorable news we may ex
pect a continued manipulated, active market.
The greater the advance from present prices,
however, the greater the feverishness and sen-
Fitfveness to unfavorable news. There are
not a few operators who are now op»nly favor
ing a higher market in order to secure a safer
ba?is= for selling later on. In any event the
market will r«fluire close watching, and I can
only repeat our former advice of selling long
Ftnoks on all the pronounced advances here
after.
New competition is now growing with suffi
cient rapidity to be a factor in the Industrial
chares. New plants and enlargements are be
ing constantly started and others projected.
At present the demand for commodities seems
sufficiently active to keep all establishments
fully employed; but price concessions are be
ing made, and coming reports are likely to
make less favorable balance sheets than last
year The statement of the United States
Stetl Corporation, though a good one, was not
to satisfactory as expected.
The two most likely starting points of re
action will be contraction by the banks, and
tue influence of new competition. Of the for
mer mere is no indication as yet. except that
banks arc becoming more cautious lenders
einee the recent practical failures of two or
tmee large industrial enterprises. Fortunate
ly the monetary outlook is satisfactory, and
nothing ¦rtll 00 more toward keeping us in a
sound and prosperous condition than wise re
straint en the part of the banks in granting
credit. The country is still in need of a ecI
entine and elastic curreacy system, the ab
t-ence of which vastly increases the danger of
panic in times of retrenchment and disaster.
£>ut Congress sleeps, forgetful that the promise
of two national elections to provide a sound
currency sy«em are still t unfulfilled. What
if the country should fail to give the party
in power a third chance to redeem ante-elec
tion pledges?
Conflicting influences have kept the stock
market fairly active and irregular, affording
excellent opportunities to the professional
trader. Opinion is not so optimistically one
sided as a year ago. The facts that prices are
very high, and that the maintenance of pres
ent inflation is only possible through unexpect
ed continuance of prosperity, are becoming
pcr.rrally recognized and inducing a growing
epirit of conservatism. When Stock Exchange
transactions have risen from 54,000,000 shares
in 1696 to 253.000.000 in 1901 it seems time to
call a halt for reflection. . During that same
period many of the active stocks have more
than doubled in value; bank loans in New York
have risen from $467,000,000 to $S75.000,000;
plgiron production has doubled; our exports
have risen over 40 per cent and imports^ nearly
30 per cent; while prices of staple commodities
average one-third higher than in 1901. Such
extraordinary prosperity is- of course highly
self-satisfying; but its altogether exceptional
character throws the strongest doubt upon its
high level permanence. Not a few men whose
judgment is entitled to respect believe that the
present rush of business and traffic will con
tinue another year. Nobody wishes to disa
gree v.ith them and every one will hope their
views may prove correct; yet facts cannot be
ignored, and these point unmistakably toward
reaction, notwithstanding there are quarters
in which the onward movement may continue
or break out afresh in spots hitherto neglected.
There is for instance strong, evidence of a boom
in real estate, which is invariably sought for
investment when other fields have lost their
Attractions, but such operations have always
marked the culmination of an American
"boom."
"WHAT THE WALL STREET BANKING IN
TERESTS THINK OF IT.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
Condition of Trade.
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as. fol
lows, usual 1 discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra' cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5: Hominy,
$4@4 25 ; Buckwheat Flour, ¦ $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85(3:8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $0 50 per '100 lbs.
• FLOUR — California . Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras,. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3 25 for Bakers' ; " Washington Bakers', j $3@
3 25. '¦.¦'.¦• ->': \ ,.¦_-. - . -¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..152 — Market 01 92%
Geary — 60 Presidio a7% —
POWDER.
Plant 79 V4 70% JVigurit } 3U 4
SUGAR.
Hana 2% — tKilauea 9% 11*5
Hawaiian ... 34 40 (Makawell ... 26% 27V,
Honokaa ... 10% — lOnomea 23% 24}*
Hutcbinson . 14% — iPaauhau ... 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alask Pack. 170% — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As 96 98% Pac C Boraxl65 —
Cai Wine As tt« 100 Par Paint... 13 —
Oceanic S Co 40 45
Mornln: Session, v-- V 1 '¦
Board
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. 171 60
ft Giant Powder Con 80 00
5 Giant Powder Con •. 79 62>4
15 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
25 Oakland Gai 51 50
10 S F Ga» & Electric Co 40 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90... 40 50
20 Spring Valley Water 85 CO
Street —
$10,000 Park and Ocean Cs 119 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 70 75
5 Giant Powder Con 79 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1909) Ill 25
$3,000 S P C Cs bonds (1905. Ser A).. 108 37*4
Street—
30 Paauhau S P Co 10 50
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1909) Ill 25
*5.000 S P Cal 1st cons 5s 110 25
$5,000 N P C R R'5a bonds. 10« 00
5 Spring Valley Water 85 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. »
Mornin_ Session.
Board —
• 5 Hanford 90 00
300 Home / 3 65
1000 Monarch of Arizona 19
200 Oil City Petroleum 20
100 Reed Crude 38
Afternoon Session.
10 Hanford 90 00
200 Home 3 70
100 Home, b 30 : 375
2000 Independence - OS
15 Peerless 5 75
308 Reed Crude *. ...... 3S
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c: light. 9c: Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light:
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 9%c:
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. lS@18%c: Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c
each; short Wool, 40@C0c each; medium. r&W
75c; long Wool 80c@?l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and ?2 50 for medium.
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me.
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. /
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered; 5%®6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%(S5c; grease. 2%<3>3c.
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. 6@5c; San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%®8%c; Middle County. 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15&c; do,
fall. 14<i?15c per lb. --
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. •
Hides, T allow, -Wool and Hops.
Silver lower and Domestic Exchange higher.
Spot Wheat /inner and call Wheat weaker.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay, Bran and Middlings still firnu
Beans and Seeds still quiet
¦
Butter firm, Cheese ivcak and Eggs declining.
Dricdi Fruits as previously quoted.
Provisions lower at Chicago and dull here.
Nothing jiczL' in the Meat market.
Lucol OH marked up.
Four cars of Oranges offered at auction.
Prices for Potatoes rising again. Onions unchanged.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Light business in local stocks and bonds.
» Do 3s cou,p....,108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104
Do n 4s n? ex-inl38y. M K & T 4s OSVi
Do new 4s ecu. 139 %i Do 2ds ........ S3
Do old 4s ret'.. 111% (N Y Central lsts.lO:?'^
Do old 4s cou...lll%| Do gen 3%s 108
Do 5s reg ex-intlO«% N J Cen gen 5s.. .133%
Do 5s coup 1 07 n.' Northern Pac 4s. 104%
Atchison gen 4s.'.103% Do 3 8 • 74 •¦
Do adjt 4s. 92% Norf & W con 4s. 102%
Bait & Ohio Js...lO2% Reading gen 4s... 07%
Do 3%s 95 St L & I M en 5s.ll7
Canada South 2ds.lO9% St L & S F 4s... .. l>6%
Central of Ga 5s.lOS St L & S W lsts. »8%
Do 1st ino 76 . Do 2ds*. .......' 79Vs ;
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOO=4 San A & A P 4s. SIVi
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84 ft Southern Pac 4s.. 93%.
C B^& O new 4s. 9G Southern Ry, 5s. .120 ;-.
C M & St P gn 4s.llOVi Texas & Pac lsts.119
C & N W con 7s.l39',i Tol St L & W 4s. 82k
C R I & P 4s... 100% I Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
C C C&St L gn 4s.lO3i4 1 Do conv 4s ..... 105%
Chi Term 4s 87% Wabash lsts 118%.
Colo & S 4s 92% Do 2ds ...:..:. 114%
D & Rio G 4s... .101% Dodeb B ..... 68%
Erie prior In 4s.. »9% West Shore 4s... 112%
Do gen 4s ¦ 88% W & L Erie. 4s..' 92
Ft W & D C 1st.. 106% Winconsin Cen 4s 88%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8 Con Tob 4s.' 65>/a
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. . ,
Adams Con 25 Little Chief ..'.:..¦ 12
Alice 45 Ontario ... ..8 25
jBreece' 75 Ophir ... ...75
Brunswick Con.... 05 Phoenix •... ...... , 0o
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl . '..: 12
C C & Va 1 40 Savage .......... 05
Dead wood Terra. . . 50 Sierra Nevada • .... 18
Horn Silver ..'....1 50 Small Hopes ...;.. 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard- .3 55
Leadville Con .... 05 , ! . - -
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ,
Money — Mining —
Call loans 4%@5 Adventure ... '.'.'. "18 '¦
Time loans '..4 @5 Allouez . .'.' ' 2%
jBonds — ' ¦ Amalgamated ... 29%
Atchison 4s 102 Baltic ... 34
Mexican Cen 4s.. SI Bingham 22
N E Gas & C. 57 Cal & Hecla ..;.58O
Railroads — - ¦*•¦ Centennial ....... 11%
Atchison ~6Vi. Copper Range ... 52
Do pfd 07 y. Dominion Coal ... 55%
Boston & AIbany.262 Franklin 12
Boston & Maine.. 102 Isle Royale 20%
Boston Elevated. .165 ' Mohawk 27
N Y N H & H...211 Old Dominion ... 22%
Union Pacific ...100% Osceola 03
Mexican Central . . 20 Parrot ... ...... 28 .
Miscellaneous — iQuincy 130',
American Sugar. .120% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Am Tel & Tel 159% Tamarack 240
Dem Iron & Steel. 25 .Trimountain .. .. 45% |
General Electric. 276 [Trinity ... .. 14%
Mass Electric 33 United States .... 13%
Do pfd 92 .Utah 23
N E Gas & Coke. 5 i Victoria 4%
United Fruit 85% Winona IV*.
V S Steel 42% .Wolverine 44%
Do. Pfd 94 .'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money9:: 15-16 New York Cent.. 166%
Cons for acct..94 1-10 Nor & Western.. 57
Anaconda 6% Do prefd 94%
Atchison 77% Nor Pacific prefd.102
Do prefd 101% Ontario & West.. 34%.
Bal & Ohio I04y. Pennsylvania 75%
Can Pacific 116V k Reading 27%
Ches & Ohio 4tj»4 Do 1st prefd... 41%
Chi G West 53 Do 2d prefd 31
C. Mil & St P 165% So Railway XIV;
Den & R Grande. 43** Do prefd 94%
Do prefd 03 So Pacific ....... 60%
Erie 40% Union Pacific ...lC'iy,,
Do 1st prefd... 73% Do prefd ...... 90%
Do 2d prefd 58'* U S Steel 42
Illinois Central ..140% Do prefd 65%
Lois & Nashville. 106 Wabash 94
M..K.& Texas.. 25% Do prefd 42
Do prefd .' . 54 Spanish 4s 77%
Bar Silver, weak, 25 9-16d per' ounce.
Money, l%@2,per cent.
The, rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3 per cent
The rate of discount in the open market for
3 months is 3@3^i per cent;. i
Do -is reg
Do Istinc
U S ref 2s reg....lOS% Louis & N unf 4s.l00iA
. Do ref 2s coup. 10s i,J, Mexican Cen 4s.. 82}i
Total sales... ...mi.noo
NEW YORK BONDS.
Republic Steel pfd. 300 68%' 68% 68/
Sugar... 39,000 121% 118% I 20 **
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,100 j C2% 62 62%
Union Bag & P Co. .... .... 13/
Union B & PCopfd >.... ..... 72
U S Leather 500 11% : " ll 1^ - »%
U S Leather pfd... 80%
US Rubber , 200 14% 14% 14Vi
U S Rubber pfd... .... 50%
US Steel 27,900 : 42% 41% 42%
U S Steel pfd...... 28,300 04% M 94 ,
Western Union.... 200 91 .91 80%
Amer Locomotive.. 4,400 3H4 30% 31
Am Locomotive pfd. 1.500 92 90% 91
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
year ago. receipts were 48,000 bush
els.^-compared' with' 620.000 bushels, s Seaboard
clearances in wheat ' and flour equaled 162.000
bushels: The seaboard reported 48 .cars taken
for^expQrt. • - ; ,- -. : '... - .--'•- ',-. -
'¦¦ Corn started firm and higher with" wheat, and
on fairly good cables. Some of the corn sold
yesterSay was replaced I and there ¦ was some
small i country buying. ¦'• Receipts were very
light.', but country offerings . were reported freer.
When wheat advanced corn followed after, but
soon . turned heavy - on its own poor cash situ
' atlon, and later broke • badly in • wheat com
pany.' Cash houses reported a poor demand..
Good weather curtailed the amount needed for
stock raising, and the absence . of demand
worked against the pit. Liquidation on all
sides set - in about the noon hour and prices
slumped in a. panicky fashion. May, which
had opened steady at 65% ©05^0 and sold up
to 65%c. dropped almost 2 cents to 03%c. At
this figure shorts took profits enough to stead>
the market at" the close. * The session ended
with May • weak. l%c down at 63%c. Receipts
were 83 cars.
Farly in the day oats ruled rather firm and
independent of the other pits.
I Provisions - were fairly active. I They started
out with good evidence of a bull market on a
country demand and a strong hog market, at
the yards. "When corn collapsed, however, the
early , bought Btuff was thrown overboard and
prices slid off." May pork closed 10c down' at
$17 0"!/4; May lard, 7V'c lower at $9 70 and
May ribs.- 7&c lower at $8 60@8 021,4
,' Estimated receipts for to-morrow — Wheat, 40
cars; corn, 110 cars; oats, 160 cars; hogs, 30,000
head, ." '¦¦¦;. ¦".- - '¦:.. .¦ ¦,,¦> .¦>•""' '
The leading futures ranged as follows: . ,:
Articles. Open. : High. Low. Close.
- Wheat, No. 2 — ¦ • <¦', ¦ . ¦
January".:.. 76% •- 76% ' -> 761A 76^
May ......:. 81% -• 81% • • 80& SOVi
July ........ -81 14 • 81% ;•". - 80 ¦ ¦>¦ 80%
r " Corn, No.' 2 —
January ...'. 61^4 61% *'-i60% 60^
May '...¦¦¦¦ 65% : 65% 63% A3%
July 65U 65% 63% 63%
, Oats, No. 2 — /
"May 45% 45% - "44% 44%.
Julyj.. .....,: . 40% 40% ,39% . 39%
September-..' 33% • 33% 33 33
" Mess Port, per bbl —
January ...16 00 16 90 16 67% 16 67%
May; ....17 25 17 32% 17 05 17 07%
July ........17 15 17 20 16 95 16 95.
Lard, , Der 100 lbs— \ ¦ ¦
January .... 9 60 9 60 9 45 9 45
May 0 85 9 00 t 9 63 - - 9 70
July'. 9 90 . 0 07% 9 72% 9 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — • -'• ¦ ' •' •
January 8 47% 8 47% 8 32% .8 32%
May, .... ... 8 75 8 80 8 .60 8 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: : Flou"r,
weaker; No. 3 spring wheat, 73@73%c: No. 2
red,84(f86c; No. 2 oats, 46@46%c: No. 2 white,
47%@47%c;;No. 3 white. 46%@47%c; No. 2 rye,
63%c; fair to choice malting barley. 60@G5%c;
No. i 1 ¦ flaxseed, $1 6G; No. 1 Northwestern,
{l^COr prime timothy seed, , $6 55; mess pork.
per bbl, ; $16 70@16 75; lard, per 100 lbs, 59 45
@9 50; short ribs sides (loose). $8 75@S 80; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear
Bides (boxed), $8 80@8 90; whisky, basis of high
wines, $132%; clover, contract grade. $0 60. »
• Articles-—- ', ; . •: Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......... 51,000 •- 46,000 1
Wheat, bushels -88,000 74,000
Corn, bushels..... 167,000 113,000
Oats, bushels?. ..321,000 .'233,000
Rye, bushels .......... 5,000 . '• - -.:... :
Barley, bushels 62,000 ¦' . 40,000
' On the Produce Exchange to-day ' the* butter
market was steady; creameries. 15023 %c;
dairies, 14@20c. Cheese. steady.V 10%@llV4c.
Eggs, 'easy; fresh, 27@28c. )
\ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 84c.
OATS — The market, continued- dull and
featureless.- . - •
Grays. $120©l 27%; whites. $1 20@l 40:
Surprise. $; 40(S51 42%;. black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20iffil 30 for seed; red, $1 25@1 35
per ctl for feed' and $1 32^@1 40 for seed.
CORN — Previous prices rule, with an Inac
tive market. Large yellow. $t 37V4<9>1 42 \<>;
small round do, ?1 45; white, $1 30@l 35 per
cental. . ' "¦ ."
KYK — Continues firm at 85@87^c per ctl.
-' BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
• CALLBOARDSALES..
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May — 20,000
ctls. $1 10; 12.000, $1 09%. December — 2000,
$1 10%.
. Second Session — May — 2000 ctls. $1 09%.
-Regular Morning Session — May — 12,000 ctls,
$1 10.. . .:¦:, .
•Afternoon Session— May— 12,000 ctls, $1 10%;
6000. $1 '10. .
BARLEY — Prices remain the same and the
market is quiet. -¦•.•- ¦ •
Feed, 83%@85c for choice bright. 81%@82^c
for No. land 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87 }£@90c; Chevalleij, S5c@$l
per ctl. | • •
and the winter wheat belt kept the market
from ?" breaking. - St. '. Louis reported 160,000
bushels worked there for export, and more
working to mills, -, while the feeders were tak
ing corn from" the I elevators for the first time
in weeks, having up to this time ' fed wheat
owing to the recent high price of corn.
This market was siightly higher for ship
ping j grades and rather weaker on j call, i The
advance In shipping was due i to the eharp de
cline in freights. •-.'•• \ •
Spot Wheat — Shipping,- $1 08%; milling, $1 10
@1 12& per.ctl. . • s ' . . -• ¦ • •
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10V»c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
-•LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll^c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c;.10-U> tlns,12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb- tins. 12%c.'ta*f*Si*C J
CURED MEATS— Bacon. per lb for
heavy, 12?£c for light medium. 1314c for light.
HUc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern 'sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Callfornin.
Hams, liy-SW/ic; Mesa Beef, |IO@1O 00 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family, $12(&>
12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$22 50® 23; Mess. $18 50@19; - Smoked Beef,
13V>j(g)14c per pound. .
shell: Peanuts, 5@7c f or' Eastern ; Brazil Nuts.
W@12%cr Filberts, 12@12^c; Pecans, ll@13c:
Cocoanuts,- $3 50@5. '
HONET — Comb. 12®13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber: > water white extracted,
6@6c; light amber extracted, 4@Qc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27yj@29c perlb.
Provisions.
Provisions were lower all' alom? the line at
Chicago. The San Francisco market continued
dull and unchanged. .
THE SAN FRAN CISCQ-JC ALL,, 'THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, ;1902.
EASTERN MARKETS.'
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
.'.. FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 3
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparka;. Evap
orated I Apples. \7%@8%c; sun-dried," 4©4^c;
Peaches, ¦ 0@7 % c ; : ;. . Pears," . : 4 % 08 %c : >- Plums,
pitted, -4@5Vjc; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5ft£
5VjC for red and bftQQftc -tor ¦white; Figs 4c
'for black and 00@75c per box for white -
•¦ PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as : follows:
30-40's.. U@6%c; 40-50s. 4%®5i4c; 50-60's 4«.
©4%c; 60-708, ; 39i@4%c; 70-80' s. 3%«3%c;
RAISINS— (Price: per 20-lb - box) : Clusters :
• Imperial, $3: Dehesa,; $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown,.- $1 60; . London Layers — Three-crown
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5V4c: three
crown, 5'4c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, -5c:'- Seedless Sultanas,\5Vfcc; Thompson
Seedless, " tJMsC =: Bleached Sultanas— Fancy
8%c; choice, i^cj-standard, 0%c; prime, o\4c
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. : Bleached Thompson's
— Extra 'fancy,; lie; , fancy, . loc;i choice ¦ ac
standard. >7%c; prime, 6»-ic..- Fancy seeded 7c'
choice seeded, - «%c; do, In .bulk, , fancy. 0?ic'
choice.^ 6£c. per \b. :- •> . 7 r'
•NUTS— Chestnuts,.ll@12c; . Walnuts, No 1
s'oftshell. »%c; No. No. 1. hardshell,
9c; .No.' 2.^ 7c; .Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9© 10c for softshell ! and 6®7c for hard
... , ¦ .-,¦ ¦ .-.- ¦ v < : .t; ......
-
FTATTOXS.
B
I
I
2 2
ii
.0
•ft
09
i:
Astoria 30.10 44 34NE Cloudy
Baker 30.30 « 20 SB-Qear -
Carson: 30.16 48 22 KE Cloudy
Eureka 80.20 60 46 8 Cloudy •
Fresno........ 30. 1« 50 38 XW Cloudy
Flagstaff 30. 10 46 30 N . Cloudy
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 34 44 18 W Clear
lndepcn<lence..30.08 66 36 SE Pt Cldy
iJtte Angeles... 30. OS 72 62 W Clear
"I"*?* 1 *- 30.04 70 *8 CIm Cloudy
Portland 30.16 40 36 SE Cloudy
Red Bluff 30.14 58 38 SE Clear
Roseburg 86.16 36 32 NW Cloudy •
6acramento...S0.18 . 46 38 SE Cloudy
Salt Lake 30.30 40 28 NW Clear
San Franclsco.30.18 64 42 W Clear
S. L.. Oblspo...30.1S 68 44 XV Clear
Sao Diego 30.06 66 66 NW Clear
Seattle 30.10 40 34 SE Cloudy
Spokane 30.24 38 26 NE Clear
Neah Bay... :.30.04 46 42 E Cloudy
Walla Walla. .30.22 30 28 W Cloudy
¦Wlnnemucca. .30.22 82 16 <^B Cloudy
Yuma 80.O4 76 4« N Clear
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
T
0
o
-
FTATTOXS.
B
I
I
2 2
ii
.0
•ft
09
i:
Astoria 30.10 44 34NE Cloudy
Baker 30.30 « 20 SB-Qear -
Carson: 30.16 48 22 KE Cloudy
Eureka 80.20 60 46 8 Cloudy •
Fresno........ 30. 1« 50 38 XW Cloudy
Flagstaff 30. 10 46 30 N . Cloudy
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 34 44 18 W Clear
lndepcn<lence..30.08 66 36 SE Pt Cldy
iJtte Angeles... 30. OS 72 62 W Clear
"I"*?* 1 *- 30.04 70 *8 CIm Cloudy
Portland 30.16 40 36 SE Cloudy
Red Bluff 30.14 58 38 SE Clear
Roseburg 86.16 36 32 NW Cloudy •
6acramento...S0.18 . 46 38 SE Cloudy
Salt Lake 30.30 40 28 NW Clear
San Franclsco.30.18 64 42 W Clear
S. L.. Oblspo...30.1S 68 44 XV Clear
Sao Diego 30.06 66 66 NW Clear
Seattle 30.10 40 34 SE Cloudy
Spokane 30.24 38 26 NE Clear
Neah Bay... :.30.04 46 42 E Cloudy
Walla Walla. .30.22 30 28 W Cloudy
¦Wlnnemucca. .30.22 82 16 <^B Cloudy
Yuma 80.O4 76 4« N Clear
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
0
0
T
0
o
AUCTION SALES
fe - %** j &>
LASr GREAT SALE OF THE SEASON.
THOROUGHBRED
RACE HORSES
CONSIGNED BY
PAPINTA STOCK FARM. HOBART STOCK
FARM. PALO ALTO STOCK FARM. ETC.
These are sired by Imp. Candlemas. El Rayo.
Nomad. Flambeau. Bright Phoebus, Joe Rip-
ley. Imp. Trentola and Fonso. out of sucn
famous mares as Haidee. Eda II. Imp. Amalia.
Ursula. La. Belle II Lovellght. Francesca II.
Minnie Elkins. Miss Jessie. Ban Brook. Trade
Lots. Bonalr and Nereid.
SALE WILL TAKE PLACE. AT .
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard Street, near Third, S. F..
Friday Evening, January 17, 1902.
Commencing at 7:45 o'clock. 9fr«M
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES READY.
Horses at Yard Wednesday. Jan. 15.¦ ' " LIBEL 1 SETTLED. — The libel of J. Drennan
and -.-'W.'; Long, ; engineers i of ., the steamer . Vos
berg, - for.- $183 , wages : baa . been j settled out of
court. ¦•-: ¦ •¦. " ¦". '¦• •:¦;¦: ¦"¦;:'¦ ¦."¦:';¦.'.*¦.¦- :¦
.OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— Licenses to marry
were issued . to-day to Frank H. Smith,
aged 21 years, and Bernice Tombs, 19. both
of Fresno; : Manuel D: Goularte, 29,' and
Maria S. Amaral, 22,. both of Irvlnston.
Licensed to Marry
: .Dr. Horn Hock, a Chinese physician, was
shot in the arm last night by an unknown
highbinder. ' He was removed to the
Emergency Hospital for treatment. The
injured man claims. that he was. sitting In
his office at 616 Dupont street and a man
came in* and .told him that some one waa
dying in the ,, house opposite.', He ¦ went
over and had reached the third floor when
three shots were fired at him. " He believes
the • would-be ¦ murderer : is a member of
the Suey. Sins 'Toner. .../
Shot by a Highbinder.
DOMESTIC. PORTS. .':.......'
1 PORTLAND— Arrived Jan. 15—^Sttnrj Colum
bla,>Irom :San Francisco.'- . - ?-'•-. . ,1 ¦ • . -
: PORT I.OS ANGELES— Arrived Jan' 15
Stmr Mlneola,' from'. Nanalmo. '•'..- -, *> '"
i ¦ SAN ; i DIEGO— Arrived ., Jan ' 15— Stmr 6t
Denis, from • Eneenada. ¦ ¦ .•'.../ '.'¦¦• - •
¦ OCEAN ¦ STEAMERS. .
, HONGKONG— Arrived Jan ' 15 — Stmr Indra
pura,'. from . Portland, , via Yokohama. : • ¦ ; ¦ "
• Sailed' Jan 15— Stmr '. Empress of.iChlna, 'for
Shanghai, Nagasaki, Yokohama > and Vancou
ver, B • c. .v*«*^Ma5f8«*3^^«t3«s!*ii- . ; ...
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr ' Claver-
Ing. from Tacoma, for Hongkong. »-..''¦*. •„¦,>';
w , NEW. XORK— Arrived Jan, 15^Stmr vPrlnz
Frederick , Hendrick, from: Paramaribo. < eta. - ;',
LATE SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE.
The annual election of officers for the
Union, League Club took place - Tuesday.
The following' ticket was elected without
opposition, fifty-two votes being cast:
George H.'Pippy, president; D. E. Mc-
Kinlay, first vice-president; S. J. Hendy,
second vice president: I. W. Hellman Jr.,
treasurer; J. , B. Fuller, secretary; ¦ di
rectors — William M. Abbott, F. M. An
gellottl. H. G. W. DInkelspiel, A. S. Man
grum, E. J. Smith and O. F. Westphal.
- In the evening the annual meeting of the
club took place. George D. Clark, the re
tiring president, reviewed the events' of
the past year and introduced his succes
sor. Colonel George H. Pippy. - • -:
.There. will be a regular meeting of the
There were two tickets In the field,
but the one headed by Raphael Weiil
received ninety votes, against twenty
seven for the other ticket. As . a
result of the contest, Frank P. Deering's
name, will be placed at the. bead of the
regular ticket for re-election to the presi
dency of the club.
At the regular quarterly meeting of the
Bohemian Club Tuesday afternoon Ra
phael Weill, Henry K. Field, Laurie Bun
ten, Orrin Peck and David Bush* were
chosen as a committee to nominate club
officers for the next term. ¦ . .
NOMINATING COMMITTEE
SELECTED BY BOHEMIANS
:/¦ The ; official : statement regarding the
amount to be spent for equipment makes
it plain what is to be done with the pro
ceeds of the bond issue. ' It will take fully
$12,000,000 to r clve ' ; the . company over 800
miles of v new line .free from debt. : Thl3
sum and, the equipment appropriation
taken from, $30 ,000 .000 leaves $5,000,000.- Of
this amount fully $2,000,000 will go 'toward
the new . terminals Jn San ', Francisco and
the balance will be used for grade reduc
tions, etc. V fl_ yj|T 2H ft i i WJjJJlffifecf ft I^r"**.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow will say: The management of.
the Santa Fe has ' decided to spend $13.
000 000 for equipment during the present
year. This statement was made by an
official Of the • company, who added that
the money would come . from the pro
ceeds of the new issue of bonds to the
amount of $30,000,000. Just how the ex
penditure is to be apportioned Is not stat
ed, but it Is known that an order has been
given for, 6000 box cars, 50, mammoth
freight ' engines ; and 100 .' more engines of
smaller type, and that practically all of
the passenger equipment of the company
is'to be renewed..- ' ¦ '¦ .¦
SANTA FE RAILROAD
! - WILL SPEND MTLLIOls S
; Some months ago : a -body of sporting
men called the , McCIoud River "'Associa
tion procured part of section 26. .This land
adjoins ; the Indian allotment of Firlotte
on^the east. The association has forjts
president' W. W.^ Van Arsdale, the lumber
king of Slskiyou. . The association" planned
great " improvements, ( and " among; them
was' an : elaborate : clubhouse.^- It • sent a
surveyor to map out the land. The sur
veyor . is said p to have , marked i •'oft " the
wrong piece of • land , and so , platted the
maps • that . the ! McCIoud "Association built
its • clubhouse " on the Firlotte'. allotment;
and fully a quarter of a mile west' of its
own land. ¦ ; ,7 \; , •- . ~7 J
••Firlotte saw the stately; clubhouse going
up, but 'paid' no attention to' It and of
fered i no objections. : When « he and • his
partner,-: * Barnes, v.- renewed 'operations on
his own- land Van '- Arsdale had . the • two
arrested.'. Firlotte has retained Attorney
G..W. Bush to make his fight. -He claims
all: the club i buildings, tennis - courts ; and
other /improvements as his own; because
they: are- built "on< his -land:.: Indian'allot
ments - are I not g transferable,' so the club
cannot buy the site. from Firlotte. It is a
pretty legal, tangle. .- .
? Firlotte has; an -Indian "¦wife, and in her
name secured an allotment of land on the
beautiful ' McCIoud , River fourteen years
ago. They - have" since lived ' there, FliV j
lotte and' Barnes being trappers and\
miners.:- • V - <
REDDING. Jan.. 15.— It is^clalmed that
the McCIoud River Association, the mil
lionaire sporting club, has "forfeited" its
magnificent buildings- on the McCIoud
River by locating, them, through v a sur
veyor's error, oh an Indian allotment. The
claim ls^made by the attorney forF. Fir
lot te" and J. '' S.' Barnes, . whom WV W. Van
Arsdale had arrested : f or trespass and
whose trial .will occur to-morrow.',.:/ ;
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
AMSTERDAM. Jan. 15.— Dr. Kuypter,
the Premier of Holland, who has Just re
turned here from .England, says his visit
to . Lond6n was : on; purely personal busi
ness., He adds that he did not see "any
politicians or 1 officials and that he 'has
never been intrusted with • any mission in
behalf of the • Boers, ' either, to London or
Brussels.--. ••" ".' -'-'¦. .. ¦¦.-- ¦ . t .. -?*\*>r
. It is announced here that Lord Kitchen
er has been ; authorized to spend £835,000
for the extension of railroads in- South
Africa, Lord Kitchener, having arrived at
the 'conclusion that this course would ma
terially aid in the subjugation of the
l'.oers. , : . :. . . . ¦ ¦
The King's speech -otherwise was not
important. . His Majesty was accompanied
by the Prince of Wales, ' the Duke, of Con
naught, the Duke of Cambridge and Lord
Roberts, surrounded by. brilliant staffs.' A
large gathering of privilegedi' guests
viewed the. function. 1: - ,.'-
"The war might now be regarded as ap
proaching its conclusion," were the words
of his Majesty to-day in addressing the
officers of the Guards after reviewing a
draft of 1200 of the Grenadiers," I Cold
streams and Scots , Guards, who start for
South Africa : to-morrow, morning. ... ¦'¦:)
LONDON, Jan. 15.— King Edward has
given the royal indorsement to the belief
among the public 'that an early declara
tion of peace In South Africa may be an
ticipated.
The House to-day passed the pension ap
propriation bill, which has been under
discussion for three days, and then ; ad
journed until Saturday. The resolution
prepared by the special committee on the
McKinley memorial exercises, providing
for an address by Secretary of State John
Hay in the Hall of Representatives on
February 27, was adopted. ¦• -¦ •' •=•
After the adjournment of the Senate
Hale said the naval reserve bills ' intro
duced by him to-day had been presented
by request of persons interested in such
legislation. In the same manner he had
introduced bills representing both the
Navy Department's views and those of in
dividuals or organizations on the ques
tion of a naval reserve. : He personally,
however, did not stand committed to any
of them ; and he questioned whether any
satisfactory results would come from
them. ' >
Half a dozen Senators were on their feet
in an instant to defend the volunteers and
the rational guards of the various States.
The debate took so wide a range that
Senators went back' In their reference to
the days of the Revolutionary War to
seek illustrations for their arguments.
While no action was possible at this time,
it is likely that the discussion upon the
measures, should they be reported, will
be ¦'••ery lively. No business of special Im
portance was transacted, the time of the
Senate being consumed by matters of
routine. •
* WASHINGTON, Jan. 35.— A spirited disk
cussion was precipitated in the Senate to
day by some remarks submitted by Hale
of Maine In respect to bills relating to the
formation of a naval reserve ¦which he
introduced. He' took ground against the
organization of a naval reserve, his com
ments being construed by some of the
Senators Into a reflection upon volunteer
soldiers and. land militia.
BURLINGTON TBADTS
TO BEACH LOS ANGELES
SALT LAKE, Jan. 15.— A special to the
rribune from Washington says: There is
ittle doubt that the Burlington Railway
rill, within a very few days, effect a
Seal with the Harriman people which wll!
put its trains Into Los Angeles via Sena
:or Clark's road from Salt Lake City to
:he Coast. A conference was held in
Washington lo-day between General
Charles F. Manderson, general solicitor of
:he Burlington system ; R. C. Kerens of
st. Louis, vice president of the San Pedro
¦oad; Senator Clark of Montana and sev
•ral representatives of the Harriman syn
licate. whjoh controls, the Oregon Short
-!ne and the Union and Southern Pacific
>roperties.
Senator Clark to-day made a proposl
3on to buy the Short Line, or, falling- In
h!». to lease part of the line below Salt
Failing in that, the Senator said
>e would build a parallel line. If his
•reposition Is accepted, it Is reasonable to
>redict that the Burlington will be ran
ung through trains via Lincoln 'and Salt
to Los Angeles before the end of the
'resent year
King Declares South Af-
rican Strife Is About
McCloiid River Associa
tion May Lose Its,
Buildings.
of the Nation's
Volunteers.
Senators Defend Honor
CLUB QUARTERS
ON WRONG LAND
BRITAIN'S WAR
NEARS ITS END
Politicians •who claim to foe posted con
cerning the adjutant generalship assert
that the commission has been issued and
that the name of George Stone is inscribed
thereon. Colonel Stone, a day or two
agro. conveyed the impression that he
would accept the office. There was talk
last night that his friends were urging
him to decline the commission, using as
argument that acceptance would remove
his name from the list .of possible candi
dates for Republican nomination for Gov
ernor. Colonel Stone is chairman of ttie
Republican State Central Committee and
a member of the Republican Primary
League. In tendering the adjutant gen
eralship to the colonel the Governor may
have had It In mind to gratify the league
and at the same time clear the field of fu
ture contest by the elimination of a rival.
It is understood that Colonel Stone is an
ardent advocate of Samuel M. Shortridge
for United States Senator to succeed
George C. Perkins.
The recent reappointment of Isaac Up
ham of this city and O. A. Hale of San
Jose to the Board of Trustees, Agnews
Asylum, has no political significance.
They have rendered the State excellent
service. for many years, and are men of
high character and good business attain
ments. .
Gossip That Politicians Are Advising
Colonel Stone to Decline Adju
tant Generalship.
GOVEBNOB, SAID TO HAVE
ISSUED THE COMMISSION
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
,W.; WASHINGTON, 1 Jan. 13.— Diplomacy
has interfered in the fight in progress to
permanently • exclude Chinese from the
United States. To the. dismay of Pacific
Coast interests ¦which' have been' vigor
ously pushing a bill contemplating ex
clusion without limit of . time Secretary
Hay has come forward with a proposition
that the legislation enacted contains a
provision for its ¦ termination within two
years and six months from next May.
If this suggestion be adopted the exclusion
law will fall simultaneous with the term
ination of the treaty regulating Chinese
immigration. . J
'In ample time before the expiration of
the treaty Secretary Hay will begin nego
tiations with, Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese
Minister, as a result of which a new con
vention in relation to Chinese immigra
tion will be signed and laid before ¦ the
Senate for .ratification. Such procedure
would be unsatisfactory to Pacific Coast
interests, which urge that'll the. treaty
and law. should expire at the same time
and a new tieaty\which might be nego
tiated should fail of ratification the door
would be left wide open for the admission
of Chinese and a mad rush would occur
which would be highly Injurious to Amer
ican labor. •;."¦'-;
The State Department is Inclined to
think that these fears are exaggerated
and that before the law or treaty term
inated an arrangement could be arrived at
which would be satisfactory, to China and
the United States. Wu Ting Fang ha3
cleverly intimated that if Congress adopts
harsher measures -than those already in
force his Government will retaliate. ¦
"• The sub-committee of Pacific Coast Sen
ators and Representatives Interested In
Chinese exclusion, with Representative
Newlands of Nevada as chairman, con
cluded their work to-day and will report
to-morrow to the full' committee*, repre
senting all the Pacific Coast .States. . The
majority report .will present a. bill com
bining the best features of the several
measures which have been proposed, in
cluding that of the Immigration bureau
introduced by Representative Kahn and
the Federation of Labor bill. It is also
expected that there will be a minority
report favoring a more simple treatment
of the question by extending, the Geary
exclusion law with an amendment pro
hibiting tbf- entrance of Chinese from tho
Philippine.-*. • ¦ , . ;
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The Chamber of
Commerce and Merchants' Association of
New York have adopted resolutions favor-
Ing the passage of an exclusion bill which
«hall expire or. the' same day the treaty
terminates. Pacific Coast steamship In
terests and. transcontinental railroads are
at work opposing the enactment of any
bill contemplating Chinese exclusion.
There are now pending: before this com
mittee seven bills providing for .a cable
in the Pacific Ocean to be built by .the
Government or to be heavily subsidized
by the Government.
Senator Hale, chairman of the Senate
committee, made this statement to-day:
"Members of the Senate Committee on
Xaval Affairs are not disposed to do any
thing further in the matter of bills be
fore them providing for a Government
cable to the Far East. Last year the
committee reported and the Senate passed
a bill for such a cable, but no action was
taken by the House. No further consid
eration will be taken here unless the
Houfc should pass a bill. The commit
tee was very much impressed with the
Etatements made in behalf of the Com
mercial Cable Company. Their operations
are already well advanced and they show
a disposition" to comply with all the Gov
ernment requirements. They stand ready
to sell to the Government at its own ap
praisal and are willing to leave to. the
Postmaster General the matter of rates.
The company is acting in good faith and
asks no Government subsidy. I don't
think the committee will take any further
action in any matter which looks to direct
competition on the part of the United
States."
CALL BUREAU. H06 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan, 15.-There will
be no Government competition with the
Commercial Cable Company in the Pacific
so far as the Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs Is concerned. .', V -•'""-
ASTUTE MR. WU
TAKES A HAND
. No, I wasn't over-anxious to encounter them
as my life la pretty good for me. One ofthj
men who Kot away Monday night had a big
piece of grasplpe ' with him - and he was ready
to do damage. That pipe was wrapped with
rags ana would make a splendid knockout
weapon. •
A3 Quickly as I could I aroused Holland at
the Jail. He called out to Wales, but the two
men had disappeared before any of us had
half a chance to get them. • -•
¦ I heard a noise among the palm trees on the
side of the jail wall. At first I thought some
one was throwing "dope" over the wall, but
before I had gone a few steps further I saw
two men come out of the shadow of the trees
and then I saw tho rope dangling on the wall.
The : men ' started toward me, but one of them
stopped, spoke to his companion, and then they
started to run toward the Flfth-.street en
trance. ¦" '"-¦¦; ¦¦¦-'-. . . j;
Tills morning Deputy Sheriff Striker exam
ined the cell door and reported that It was
locked. It had been locked as soon as the
three men got away Monday. Loring and Mc-
Ginniss were in the corridor with the rest of
the prisoners about 5:30 o'clock, and the
escapes went out . Just before • "lock-uD." i
do not see how they could get that lock open,
but the way it was done does not affect any
of/ the other cells, because there la 'a different
k«y for each door.- . . .. •
Janitor Bert Hempstead said concern
ing his part In the discovery :
chase into Contra Costa County."
When he arrived ac Oakland pier he re
ceived the consoling news that two more
of his wards were gone.
Sheriff Rogers has no plans for the pos
sible capture of his flown birds. The es
c-apes have come so thick. and fast that
he has not had time to do much.think
ing. The men who . Went out to-night
without leave, made quick plans for es
cape. The rope they used was hastilv
contrived and everything about the I de
parture Indicated that - they had not
wasted a minute since yesterday to take
advantage of the opening.
As Deputy Wales explains the situation
the men either had a picklock or the door
was left open. He said in that, connec
tion: .
HALE'S REMARKS
STIR A STORM
Back to the jail went Holland to Inves
tigate. By some means or another the
empty cell that had been occupied by tho
trio that got out Monday night had been
entered, the door lock having been picked.
It was an easy enough matter to break
jail then, for repairs had not been com-
Hempstead quickly realized what had
occurred, for yesterday morning's escape
was still a fresh topic of conversation at
the courthouse. The janitor ran after the
men, who turned into Fifth street, the
pursuer's yells attracting Holland, who
joined in the chase, but the fleeing men
quickly distanced the officer and they
disappeared.
Deputy Sheriffs Will; Holland and George
Wales were on duty at the jail, when
Holland was suddenly aroused by a cry
of prisoners escaping. The warning came
from Bert Hempstead, Janitor at the Hall
of Records on Broadway, between Fourth
and Fifth streets. He had finished work
and was walking along Fourth street
toward Washington when he saw tho
figures of two men lowering themselves
down the jail wall that faces the Court
house yard. The men were scarcely on
the ground before they ran out to the
Fifth-street entrance of tho Courthouse
yard. . ,
. John McGinnis and F. J. Loring, ac
cused of burglary, climbed through the
opening that Frank Caldwell, Fred Smith
and James Murphy escaped through yes
terday morning. This third escape in
three weeks was successfully accom
plished at five minutes to 6 o'clock this
evening.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— Complete de
moralization has overtaken Sheriff
Rogers and his force of deputies.
As if to add. to the general dis
order, two more prisoners escaped
to-night from the County Jail, following
their cellmates of yesterday through the
same aperture they made to gain free
dom.
• Make Rope of Overall Strips.'
Loring and McGinniss after opening this
cell door, climbed through, lowered them
selves to the jail yard, and were over
the wall. They had ripped several pairs
of overalls, into, strips,,. woven 'them.. to?
gether.irope-fashion.rfastehed'a wire hook
at one end, and with that made their way
over the wall. The rope of overalls was
found dangling where Hempstead had
seen the two prisoners get away. The re
cord now stands:
Escaped Christmas- night, December. 23 —
Frank Case, robbery; William Kelly, burglar}'.
Kscaped Monday, night, January. 13 — frank
Caldwell. burtslary; Fred. Smith, burglary:
James Murphy, burglary. . ' .
: Escaped January 15-^-John McGinnis. burg
lary; F. L. Ldrinjr, burglary.
McGinnis was a partner of Kelly, who
escaped Christmas night. They had been
arrested for alleged burglaries at the
race track. He is 24 years old. Loring
was arrested at Nlles for robbing saloons
at Pleasanton. He is 25 years old.
Sheriff Rogers is now congratulating
himself: that the Grand Jury corridor oc
cupants did not follow McGinnis and Lor
ing. There were thirteen prisoners in the
corridor, Just before the two men de
parted, and so far as the jailers know,
there was no reason why the entire num
ber should not have gone.- .. • ¦¦ ¦
The escape was made just before the 6
o'clock lockup.
'Deputy Sheriff Wales declares that the
cell door through which the men went
to-night has been locked ever since: the
• delivery, of Monday night was discovered.
He" said: "They must have picked the
lock and then gone through the hole -in
the bars at, the window." »
Holland and Wales had been put into the
jail to take the places o( Jailers Taylor
and Schoenau, who : were . out~ trying to
find the absentees of ¦ Monday. • Sheriff
Rogers returned j to-night _• from a false-
M.M^f..I..T..t..?..?»lMt":"I"!^«4«^!";..I..M»?..t..T..f.
meneed on the bars and shield which the
three former occupants had so neatly cut.
FRANKFORT, Ky... Jan. 15.-Botta
houses of the Legislature ta-day met in
joint session and compared . yesterday's
journals of the two houses, showing the
election of James B. McCreary for Sena
tor to succeed W. J. Deboe. Owing to
indefiniteness in the Kentucky constitu
tion regarding the day on which the bal
lot for Senator shall be . taken, the pro
ceedings of yesterday and to-day will be
repeated pn next Tuesday and .Wednes
day. . / >
Legislators Take No Chances.
NO COMPETITION
BY GOVERNMENT
I was charged by J. N. Hitchcock with the
crime of feloniously obtaining money by false
pretenses in Tulare County on April 13, 1001.
The case was tried before Justice of the Peace
H. C. Ullie. and, on the showing of the pros
ecution, was dismissed on December 30 1901
The circumstances were that I secured a
claim in the Koyokuk country a year ago last
summer, under power, of attorney from Hitch
cock; when I returned that fall I reported to
him. and he paid me for the location last
spring. He sold out a part of the claim to
Visalia parties and they sent , a young man
¦with him to Alaska, all going on the same
steamer with me and my son.
In the course of time we reached the claim
and he was put into possession of it never
making- any complaint, nor intimating that he
had any claim against me. • He expressed sat
isfaction with the claim. The matter then was
apparently settled to everybody's satisfaction.
Rev. C. P. Cone, who is mentioned in
the.toregoing dispatch, makes the follow
ing statement as regards his connection
with the complaint of J. N. Hitchcock of
Visalia:
PEBEONAL.
\V. E. Green of Sacramento Is at the
Palace. , /'" :¦!."¦.•
Charles E. Swexy, a mining man of
Marysville, is at the Grand. ,-.,-; v
J. G. Shebley, a mining man of Grass
Valley, Is staying at the Grand.
G. Pacheco, a large land owner of Ig
nacio, is at the Grand with his wife. ' t
J. F. Moore, an extensive sheep raiser
cf Santa Barbara, Is a guest at the Pal
ace.
W. J. Wilson Jr.. a fruit grower of.
Newcastle, is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
Dr. C. A. Sheets, a retired medical prac
titioner of San Jose, is spending, a few
days at the Palace.
. R. . M. Green, a prominent member of
the Ohio Society and a physician of Oro
ville, is at the Lick.
I*, W. Fulkerth, an attorney of Modes
to, is down here on a short business trip,
and has made the Lick his headquarters.
' R. Van Brune, a club man of New
York, is out here to inspect his minins
properties in Oregon. He is at present
staying at the Palace.
Captain George F. Ellis', a capitalist of
Los Angeles, who was dangerously 111 at
the Lick, Is slowly recovering and the
physicians report that he is out of dan
ger."
L. F. Weaver, head of the California
corporation of Studebaker Bros., leaves
to-day on the Ventura for Honolulu. Ha
will spend a month or six weeks at the
islands. i&&$
J. A. Brent, a capitalist of the East,
has returned from inspecting . some min
ing properties In the northern part of the
State and has made his headquarters at
the Palace. •:: "'
Californians in New York.
' NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— C. E. Fredericks, B. Schlos3
and wife, at Hoffman; J. H. Clark, F. H.
May. at Rossmore; H. L. Close. T. DoyJ*.
at Grand: C. H. -Gardner, at Herald •
Square; P, Hack ett. at Cadillac; C. W.
Armes Jr., at New Amsterdam; A. L.
Begbie and wife, at Astor; R. A. Berry,
B. W. Hours, at Broadway Central; A.
J. ' Dewing and wife, at Bartholdi; H.
Doyle, at Holland; B. W. Freer, at Mur
ray Hill; W. Jenkins, at Morton; J. T.
Thompson, at Imperial.
From Los Augeles— E. Mathle, at Na
varre. , - .' ".
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, . Jan. 15.— The follow
ing Californians have arrived at the ho
tels: Metropolitan, C. H. Grant; New
Willard, F. Cawley and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Sloss, Miss Sloss, Louis Slos<*.
Leon Sloss Jr.; Shoreham. W. P. Batchel-
Uer and wife— all San Francisco.
Senator Perkins has been confined to
his room for a day or two with a pain
ful attack of rheumatism, but his condi
tion Is to-night somewhat improved and
he hopes to be in his seat in the Senate
to-morrow.
At the afternoon session Atkins contin
ued his statement, in the course of which
te expressed strong opposition to any sys
tem of drawback. He said that the Have
meyer interests were email and exercised
no controlling influence. Atkins said that
If political conditions continued Cuba
would probably become so desperate as
to be forced into action.
Lewis Place, a merchant of Havana and
head of the Cuban delegation, presented
the case from the Cuban standpoint. At
present, he said. Cuba was buying large
quantities of foreign goods, and if recip
rocity was brought about with the United
States Cuba would buy American com
mon goods, wine and many other articles
now bought abroad. He believed this
market In Cuba would amount to $250,000,
000 within two years.
Francis B. Thurber of the United States
Export Association said that the primary
consideration was one of good faith on
the part of the- United States toward
Cuba.
Hugh Kelly of New York, who has
large sugar holdings In Cuba, said that
se an American he urg-ed that reciprocal
concessions be made. He believed that if
there was no reciprocity Cuba would ask
tor annexation. If this occurred the voice
•f the American people would be for ad
jiittins 1 the island. ¦
Mendoza. of the Cuban delegation pic
tured the distress if present conditions
R-ere continued and said the loss on the
tugar crop this year would approximate
{12.000.000. He Ftrongly favored the free
i/imissiorf of sugar and reciprocal conees
«ions on American poods entering- Cuba,
The hearing will continue to-morrow.
Views of the Merchants.
Aside from the advantage of reciprocity
to Cuba, Atkins maintained that it would
be of material advantage to the United
States, including a reduction in the price
Df sugar to the people.
Asked by Payne if the sugar business
nas profitable last year, Atkins said ha
conceded that It had been, but general
inquiry among planters showed that they
had not done a profitable business.
Sugar in the Island.
Atkins stated that there was now about
$20,000,000 worth of standing cane in Cuba
and at present prices a considerable part
of this would not be harvested. While
not an alarmist, he said the effect ¦would
be serious loss to the planters and the
labor employed. The loss to labor, he
thought, was likely to lead to disturb
ances. At the time set for the withdrawal
of American troops there would be, in his
opinion, a deficit in the insular revenues,
which- were largely recruited from t,he
sugar industry.
AtkSrs stated that a 50 per cent reduc
tion of duties was desired on the vari
ous products of the island, but in response
to inquiries from Payne he said that tne
sugar industry felt it should have 100
per cent reduction. Atkins stated that the
opposition to Cuban reciprocity came from
special sources, namely, the domestic beet
sugar industry, the Hawaiian planters
and the sugar interests of Porto Rico and
Louisiana, aggregating 890,009 tons pro
duction. To Payne he stated that a very
large percentage of the Cuban sugar in
dustry was owned by citizens of the
United States.
Chairman Payne stated at the outset
that the hearing was in reference to that
portion of the President's message re
lating to reciprocity with Cuba. The com
mittee would first hear those favorable to
Cuba, and Payne stated that the com r
mittee desired to be informed as to the
effect of reciprocity, both on Cuba and on
the people of the United States.
Edwin F. Atkins of Boston made the
opening statement in behalf of reciprocity.
He spoke of the enormous overproduction
of sugar throughout the world, amounting
to about 1.500.000 tons, which had resulted
in a crisis in the industry. European
countries had met this by bounties so
that the German producer, by means of
a bounty, was able to sell sugar at half
a cent per pound below its cost of produc
tion. The cost of production in Cuba was
2.6 cents per pound, which was somewhat
above the selling price.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The Ways and
Means Committee began hearings to-day
on the subject of Cuban reciprocity with
a large representation present from the
various interests which would be affected
by legislation of this character.
The Cuban industries were represented
by Place. Mendoza, Dumois and Francke.
chosen by commercial organizations in va
rious parts of the island. The American
interests engaged in sugar production In
Cuba were represented by Edwin F. At
kins, spokesman for an organization con
trolling a large part of the sugar produc
tion of the island, Hugh Kelly of New
York and John F. Craig of Philadelphia.
"Willliam Haywood was present in behalf
of the Hawaiian sugar planters and Henry
T. Oxnard for the domestic beet sugar
interests. The tobacco and other interests
affected by Cuban production also were
well represented.
Ways and Cleans Committee of the
House Begins the Hearing of
the Tariff and Trade
Goodmanson was tried in Pender, Neb.,
and acquitted on a charge of murdering
his beautiful first wife, who was Miss
Laura Ioder, a leader in church work at
Tiskilwa, 111. Her parents were wealthy
and she brought her husband considerable
property. They moved to Pender, where
Goodmanson praticed dentistry. He dl«l
a thriving business and they soon built
a fine home, into which they had not yet
moved,- when Mrs. Goodmanson died sud
denly. According to the published re
ports in Illinois papers, she expired after
visiting the office of her husband, where
she complained of being ill andywas given
something to drink.
About a week after the funeral sus
picions were aroused and it was decided
to exhume the body and send the stomach
to , Chicago for analysis. Chemists there
found that the stomach contained poison
in" sufficient quantity to cause death.
.-. Dr. Goodmanson was arrested, tried and
acquitted. Soon afterward he moved to
this State', and engaged in practice In &
small .country, town in one of the back-
Woods counties. Nothing was heard of
him until letters arrived at Pender and
Tiskilwa <¦ giving information about- ¦ his
supposed lynching. The story -was that
his second wife had died -suddenly, under
circumstances similar to the death of tl»e
first Mrs. Goodmanson; that the manner
of his first wife's death was known in the
community, and when the second wife
died the neighbors, promptly, concluded he
was guilty and. made short work of him.
TACOMA, Jan. 15.— The whereabouts of
Dr. Sidney Goodmanson, dentist, and
whether he is dead or alive are questions
which residents of this State, Illinois, Ne
braska and South Dakota are endeavor
ing to solve. Newspapers in Pender,
Neb., and Princeton, 111., recently pub
lished extended reports to the effect that
Goodmanson had been lynched in this
State for the murder of his second wife.
These publications were based on letters
received from Washington, which gave
some details of the reported lynching, but
failed to say just where or when the
event took place. So far as is known, n<;
such lynching has occurred in Washing
ton, t and it could not have taken place
without gaining publicity, except in ,the
backwoods of Okanogan or Douglas Coun
ties. There is reason to believe that the
'report was sent to Nebraska, and Illinois
by Goodmanson himself, or by some
friend, with the purpose of covering his
future movements. ;
"* Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interests Make "Ex
planation.
Representatives of Business
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 15.— Oil circles
are stirred to-night by a report, of which
there is no denial, that the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company <ias purchased
from the Thirty-Three and Imperial Oil
companies section 33, in the Kern River
fields, for a sum said to be between $3,000,
000 and $7,000,000. The price i3 conserva
tively, estimated to have been the former
ngure. or an amount considerably below
the latter.
On the property in question there are
about thirty producing wells, with a grosa
daily output of .40U0 barrels. The pur
chase includes all improvements in the
form of pipe lines, pumping plants and
tankage, wnich in value will, it is said,
foot up $250,000. The land is in the best
portion of the Kern River fields. The
wells sunk upon the section have proved
to be uniformly successful as producers.
The value, of the land has been rougniy
estimated at $4,000,000. The selling com
panies had a good bargain, however, with
the Southern Pacific, which probably led
to the railroad company making me pu»
chase. . ¦ •
At an early date and before there was
any Idea that the wells would be such
producers or that such a body of petro
leum would be struck, the Southern Pa
cific had agreed to handle all the oil pro
duced on the property, for which it was
to pay $1 a barrel. As the Southern Pa
cific could not possibly consume the out
put, it said that it had chosen to pur
chase at a high figure rather than buy
at $1 a barrel and sell at one-third of that
price. ' '
Special DisWUch to The CalL '
Rev. Mr. Cone stand high in this com
munity and his friends declare that of
all those who have had dealings jvith him
in the mining- claims Hitchcock was the
only one to complain.
After Cone was discharged in Visalia
Hitchcock tried to get a. warrant for his
arrest in Hanford on the same charge,
but the Justices refused to issue one.
HANFORD, Jan. 15.— Former parishion
ers of Rev. C. P. Cone in this city are loth
to believe the charges that be obtained
money under false pretenses in connection
with Nome mining claims. While there
has been much complaint among the
many who contributed to the clergyman's
"grubstake" when tne gold fever : seized
him, his friends here point to the fact
that no evidence was found against him
when a Visalia court passed upon his cul
pability. They declare that each person
who advanced a few dollars to pay the
expenses of the reverend gentleman's trip
to Alaska expected to receive in return a
claim that would enrich him for life and
that the investors are indignant because
their hopes have not been realized. -
Rev. Mr. Cone, who was formerly pas
tor of the Christian cnurch in this city,
was arrested in Alameda on December 27
and taken to Visalia on a charge of secur
ing money under false . pretenses. The
warrant was sworn to by J. N. Hitchcock
of Visalia. Hitchcock claimed that he
had paid Cone money for work done on
mining claims at Kotzebue Sound that
was never performed. At the preliminary
examination of Cone, which took place in
Visalia, he was discharged, as there was
not enough evidence to hold him. Cone
claimed that he did all the required work
on the claims; that he had worked out
the assessments and had located some
good properties. The $100 that he received
from Hitchcock, he said, was the pro rata
Hitchcock agreed to put up before he
(.Cone) went to Kotzebue. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nebraskan Was Hanged
by Citizens.
Writer Claims That Former
Former 0wner3 Profit by a
Bargain Made Several
_" Years Ago.
Hanford Parishioners Insist
That Nome Transactions
Were Legitimate.
Congressmen Hear Ad-
dresses by Island
Merchants.
Refuse to Believe Erst
while Cleric Guilty
of Fraud. , ¦/.<}
Letters From Washing-
ton State Tell of a
Tragedy.
Southern Pac'flc Buys
Section of Land in
Kern County.
PAYS MILLIONS
FOR OIL WELLS
STRANGE RUMOR
OF A LYNCHING
DISCUSSING
RECIPROCITY
FOR CUBANS
FRIENDS STAND
BY PASTOR CONE
TWO MORE OF ALAMEDA COUNTY'S
PRISONERS BID JAIL FAREWELL
John McGinnis and F/L. Lariiig, Gharged^With Burglary, Accept Op
portunity Offered to LeayeTheir^
Through .Same Opening Used by Fugitives of Monday Night
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY^ jrA|fTTARY^ 16, 1902.
DARING CRIMINALS WHO ESCAPED FROM THE ALAMEDA" JAIL LAST NIGHT CRAWLING THROUGH THE
APERTURE SAWED IN THE IRON BARS BY THREE PRISONERS WHO GAINED THEIR LIBERTY SOME
TIME BETWEEN 6 O'CLOCK MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY MORNING ' v
Add Cream
to 4 epoonfuls or
Grape-Nuts
and you have a
delicious meal
without cooking...
GBAFE-2TTJTS.
Mrs. Pink ham advises sick wo-
men free. jLddresa ' !»¦»»«- HT*-— ¦¦*
The record of T^y dia E. Plnkliam's
Vegetable Compound cannot be
equalled. Accept no substitute.
scribe the best, and as I know and have
proven that there is nothing in Materia
Medica which equals JLydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound in
severe cas»s of female disorders, ' I
unhesitatingly prescribe it, and have
never yet been sorry. I know of noth-
ing better for ovarian troubles and for
falling of the womb or ulcerations ; it
absolutely restores the affected parts
to their, normal condition quicker and
better than anything else. I have
known it to cure barrenness in wo-
men, who to-day are happy mothers of
children, and while the medical pro-
fession looks down- upon * patents,' I
have learned, instead, to lobk-np to
the healing potion, by whatever name
it be known. \'> If my fellow physicians
dared tell the truth, hundreds of them
would voico my sentiments. " '— Db. •
"Wax ata, Lansing, Mich.
95000 forfeit If above testimonial Is not genuine.
DR. WAX ATA, of Lulling, Mich.
"Deab Mrs. Pdtkham:— The hon-
est, intelligent physician is above tho
' School.' Whatever is best in each
Case should be used, no matter to what
school a physician belongs. I, as a
matter of conscience, can only pre-
Makes an Important Statement
\Of Interest to All Women.
A NOTED PHYSICIAN
M^Dfit^Sc^P^^/^^Qc^^EScu^^T^SSjE^ShSs^A
ADVERTISEMENT!THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi,THyRSDAT, JANUARY 16, 1902.
10
-• spiritualism;- O;iS^-.j-;?T^*;
derful clairvoyant and card- reader; advice
"given on all affairs of life for short time only;
no sign; hours 9 to 5. 608 Ellis; residence
215 Gough : Sunday evenings . by appointment.
A-^C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-'
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl., Sun.; 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS.J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
,- life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. -1164 O'Farrell, St.; Ellis car. ,- .
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin '. - 3761— Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 p. m.; 25c: readings, 10-5-
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; readings daily,
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c. ?:
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing steanc*
Thursday. 8 p. m. 325 Ellis, st; SOc.
MME. WINGOLA, medium, palmist and read-
ings . and circles. 122. Taylor st, room 8.', :
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01; aeance Sunday, and Thurs. •
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. j
KNOW THY FUTURE •
And prospects for 1902 by consulting
SIR HENRY. PRICHARD.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. :
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestlo. troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
. unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to AVIN the man or .woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to • control or influence any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. .Hours, 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 6 Sundays. Reception rooms. 13,
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand s.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Bt. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals. the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25o
up; satisfaction -' guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR;" F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located' at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
¦ anteed by mall ; send stamp .for pamphlet
yith Bpeclal terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, |10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.'
ISM AR,' the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market,' op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a, m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
•¦• diagnoses diseases with life readinp;ladles50e,
/ V gents $1; palm.' and clalr. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WTLLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
. crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
iy- ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a- m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant,' card reader: la-
dles 25c; gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. Odell/ clairvoyant tells past, present &
future: L. 25c: G. COc. 242 Minna, upstairs.
50c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr., palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007^ Mkt.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
. reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to '8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,;
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
~ ~ DENTISTS. " " '
X— r>ST?f!~S?~HIGGINs! 927 MarWeTTt . Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction. - ¦
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Karrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
- crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago/ Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at'
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction.
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth 3 without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. - •
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext. SOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, 'Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N.-LEAVT, canine "specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
90(5 Jones st, where he will administer. to the
ailments of domesticated animals;, office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS^
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. /
HEALD'S SCHOOL^F^lScTRICAL^ENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; -thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. :
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business . College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling,* Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
j all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. .
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law ¦ and medical
- colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . . .
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
, graduate & bookkeepers in account' g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant.- 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER. College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlning, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
• der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
. modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-pace catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
' Gregg shorthand costs only $60. ¦ San- Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market - st. ; V '
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. / Is this advice worta
following? Life . scholarship . $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
. associated with . theatrical -: agency securing
positions. Alcazar building,' 120 O'Farrell, at
A— THE Leo Cooper ' School of Acting has re-
. moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st. ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplug, grammar, writing,"
etc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH. French.etcProf.DeFlHppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;eBta,b'd 1871 :ablest prof a.
SHORTHAND taught * by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery at
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. : Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. . 1008 Mission;* Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College., 1435 Market nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, , typing. - bookkep. ; • $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTOX'S; DAY: and
ILLUSTRATION— night clasa. -,'424 ; Pine. at' ;
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, 1 mandolin, guitar
"" lessors, 50c; piano for. practice." 39 Fifth st
HEALD'S Business College,* 24 Post . st.-S. F.;
. founded 1863; new . 80- page , catalogue, free. >j
CHEAPEST and best In 'America— The Weekly
-. . Call. 16 pages, I sent ¦ to , any address i n the
United States ¦ or ' Canada one year for $1.: :
'. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable - house-cleaning.', cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. -GEO/ KI-
NOSHITA, 1233 Page. \ cor.Lyon;tel.Fell ; 8501.
CHINESE and ' Japanese < help ; . estab. : 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. ...BRADLEY & CO.,; 640 Clay.
JAPANESE ' and • Chinese * best help ; • cook ' and
waiter. .• 421 Post, GEO. AOKI;.tel. Bush 135.
-CHINESE ; and - Japanese ' Employment Office-
Best help." 411% O'Farrell at. ; tel." East 426.
.HELP WANTED— -FEMALE. ,.
MRS. M.- E. DAY & CO.... -Phone Maine- 1575
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .'...¦....-.
-Head waitress, $35; 16 waitresses, city and
.-¦ i country, $25 and $20; 2 restaurant Waitresses,
- $7 and $S; 4 ¦ chambermaids to wait. $20;
: chambermaid, $17 50. ..............
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, housegirls. second girls ¦ of all na-
tionalities, city and country, best wages.....
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO^ ;.335 Geary st.
2 FANCY ironers. Southern California. $30 and
j found ; one-half fare paid % ... ...:....•
CMRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... ...335 Geary at.
.WANTED^-German or Swedish cook, no wash-
Ing," $35 ; " 4 cooks, / $30 ; • chamber ' work, si eep
- home. $8 -week; chamber work and sewing,
. private family, $25; chamber work and laun-
dress, $25; 4 restaurant waitresses. $7, $3
week; 6 hotel waitresses, $20; 7 second girls,
$20, $25;- housework, San Rafael, $30; 2
nursery ¦ governesses, $20, $25; 46 girls for
all kinds of housework, city and near "by
towns. Apply to J. ¦ F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter at : -¦-•-• -¦,¦*.-¦« . ; :.V;-;:
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, rm. 12.
.2 waitresses, $20; 2 chambermaids, $20.
WANTED — GIRLS and WOMEN at . S. F.
HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE to learn hair-
" dressing trade thoroughly in 2 weeks; course
$5, including . manicuring-; massage, scalp
¦ ' treatment' bleaching-, dyeing, , ventilating,
weaving, ; switch and . wig making; positions
guaranteed graduates; no fake promises; our
pupils our living advertisement filling posi-
tions all over city; 5 positions leading stores
open to those entering now; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks, money back; day and eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators ia.n find steady
work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough - and Grove sts. -
i == i
OPERATORS at Lev! StrsJuss ft Co.'s Overall
Factory. 32% Fremont st ; no experience
I necessary; good pay, steady work. ¦• Apply to
MR. DAVIS. .--. . ¦
-'-•¦¦¦¦¦
CAL. College of Halrdresaing and massage; ao-
- knowledged superior to all others; rirls re-
¦ quested to visit our -classrooms and see our
¦ work; our pupils are our living advertise-
ment Call Supreme Court bldg.. 305 Larfcin
st, take elevator. : . / '
GOOD practical teacher and competent book-
- keeper for business college; state age. ex-
perience, . certificate, salary expected. Box
2853, Call office. . ¦ —
SEWERS wanted for alteration department in
store; apply between 8 and 9 a. m. Thursday.
I. MAGNIN & CO.; 43-53 Ellla st • '
COMPETENT girl for general housework: ref-
• erences required. -2198 Geary at, corner
Devisadero. • -•
WANTED — First-class trimmer; wages $30 a
week. Apply . Hotel Savoy, room. 8. from 3
to 5 p. m. '
WANTED — A young girl for 8«oeral house-
work; 2 in family; wages from $12 to ?13.
819 Walnut st. near Sacramento.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
; ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
NEAT girl for cooking and . housework; ; $20;
assist with washing. 614 Twentieth st
GIRL for light housework; $10. 1309 Treat
avenue. . . - _ ¦ - ¦ j-;>..v-
WANTED — Protestant girl for general house-
work; $10 per month. . 418 Leavenworth st
GERMAN "girl for light housework; good home.
' 3964 Nineteenth st •
GIRL, for sreneral house-work ; German pre-
ferred; wages $18, 20. 3899 24th st; bakery.
GIRL for light housework in family of 2; no
washing. 229 Ashbury st., near Hayes.
TAILORESS wanted; experienced apprentice on
fine coats; good pay. 410 Kearny st, rm. 29.
WANTED — 2 waitresses. Apply 911 Kearny at
A GIRL for general work In bakery. 234 Sixth
etreet -
LADY over 25 for refined office position; call
within 3 days. 1236 Market st, room 81.
WAITRESS; also noon waitress; call early;
no Sunday work. 511 Brannan st.-nr. 4th.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for
couple. 1922 Baker st. ; apply morning.
WANTED — A good sewer for a dressmaker;
also apprentice., 120% Hayes st.
YOUNG • girl to assist In light housework;
. small family; no children. . 1826 Fell st
BODICE hands, skirt hands and Improvers for
first-class dressmaking; also an errand girl.
Apply 1523 Bush st.
EDUCATED young lady, take charge of Ravan
subscription department. P. O. box 77,
« Berkeley. ¦_ -
A WHOLESALE house.requires the services of
a refined; capable woman: outside work; ref-
erences required. Box 2826. Call.
GLOVEMAKERS on Eurekas: also apprentices;
steady. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. •,
GIRL wanted to assist jln general housework;
- no children. 903 Flllmore st - ¦>:'.'¦
GIRL wanted I to assist at housework. 2228
Clay st, corner Buchanan.
YOUNG Kirl for general - housework; wages
$20.: Apply 906 O'Farrell at
WANTED — First-class pants finisher at 8
Grant ave., upstairs.
APPRENTICE girls wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. 1020B Folsom st
¦GIRL; no window .cleaning, no washing; small
family; $15. 1676 Post st, near Buchanan. -
AN elderly German lady to take care of two
children; must have some experience as gov-
( erness; state religion; salary, $30 and found.
Box 2994. Call office. .
WANTKD — Girl for general housework; good
cook; wages $25 to $30; small family. Call
¦9 to 10 a. m.. 1S96 Broadway. '
BAUER BROS. & CO. want more shirt waist
Viands and tuckers; good pay. 21 Sansome.
GIRL for light housework;, email family; good
¦ home. 1134 Turk et - ' - ¦ •
-: :helf wanted — male.
BROILER, $70; boarding-house cook, $45; res-
¦ taurant baker,' $45; 3 second cooks, $60 and
' "$40; hotel waiters, city and country. $25 and
. found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGE blacksmith, new work, country,
$3 50 a day; coachman, $30 and found, nice
place; - young German to drive milk wagon,
$30 and found; piano player, $1 to $1 50 day
•and- found; carpenter, $3 50 a day-; carriage
setter for mill, $60 to $75; 2 farmers and
wives, $35 and $40; orchardist. $30 and found;
starcher and polisher, $12 a week and ln-
:'. crease; young. man, handy with tools, $10 a
week; American milker, small dairy, $25;
wood choppers, tie makers, fanners and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO 628 Sacramento st.
A — WANTED— A competent hotel man and
• wife to run a hotel in Alaska; a house of 40
rooms furnished ¦ complete. . For particulars
apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
• Meat and pastry . cook for hotel in Nevada.
$75; French cook, country, hotel, $75; broilgr.
. restaurant, $70; upstairs porter and house-
man hotel, $27 50; butler and valet for a
gentleman, $40 ...-s
S Gang of tlemakers and men handy with saw
and ax to learn tlemaklng, 12o and 14c.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO... ....104 Geary at
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S.. ....... 610 Clay st
Foreman for sash and door factory, country"
gardener, . private place, country, • $25 and
found; choreman for country, $25; young man
] for country butcher shop, $20 and found; boy
...to learn trade, $5 a week...;;.
A PRESSER for Southern California, $45 and
found; half fare paid. MRS. M. K.-DAY &
CO.. 335 Geary st ¦ . : .-- '. <
WANTED — Two young men not over 20 years
of age, .who sing and play either banjo man-
dolin or guitar, to travel. with medicine com-
¦ pany; must have a repertoire of songs. Call
and bring instrument at 12 o'clock noon lo-
- day (Thursday), 40 Ellis st. ; room 25.
ATTENTION. . Barbers — The Langham Hotel
.barber shop will be sold at auction to-day to
the highest bidder, between 10 and 12
o'clock. MRS. MARGURETTE COSTLEY
. HIRAM DECKELMAN, Auctioneer" '
WANTED— Reliable man with $125 not afraid
.of work, for a plain, every-day buslnesa that
,wlll pay about $70 ; per month; • no <»xpert-
ence required. Apply 765 Market at. room 3.
COLLECTOR — Reliable man who Is acquainted
¦with city and has had experience In collect-
ing and - soliciting. 'Examiner building.
;room- 601.
GOOD"; practical teacher and competent book-
i keeper : for. business college; state "age,- ex-
perience, ¦-.' certificate, salary -expected. Box
..: 2S52. Call office. ,' :
WANTED— Honest .man with $250; tend cash
v in restaurant: no experience; $50 month and
. . board ; big, snap." , BROWN. ¦ 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable « young, : mam with $150
; cash ; \ no • experience . necessary ; - $15 week ;
steady place. BROWN :& CO., 1221- Market.
SALESMAN- for custom shirts; must have past
..:. experience; '.bonds . required, ¦ but paid ¦ for by
; firm. Apply P. C. . HEGER. 723 at'
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman for city; good
..:¦ opportunity j for the right man. >Box-2S49
: Call office, ' .',' \ . ., .•_;¦¦• W< . .1W -
, BOY4 wanted » for t ¦ machinists* ¦ tool • business :
:, bright and ¦ active ; ; age 12 to 15; Apply 9 to
i ;; 11' a.' ray 58 First at, - .y-f-; • ,
: — •
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Btreet; openuntll 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. comer Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. ¦
1096 Valencia street; open uatil 9,p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. -m.
2200 Fiiimore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. '___
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. L A. and A. ,
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f\
held in Commandery Hall. Masonlo JO±
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «SET
January 16. 1901. ig, gffgghggg^
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R.^A- M-__ —
State 1 meeting THIS <THtTRSDAY)
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Business, M. XK
M. decree. By order of the H. P. * » 1
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No.-l, F. and A- ¦
M.. will meet THIS (THDRSDAT) «#V#
EVENING, January 16, at . :30 faX
o'clock. Third degree. By order^of 'JW \
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS {THURS-
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec
ond degree. Fellowcraf t Masona cor- / »
dally Invited. By order of the W. M. ,<
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212, F. and A. M., meets THIS -JL.
(THURSDAY) EVENING at ":30«#Jf
o'clock for third degree. Master Ma-'V»
eons cordially Invited. By order of the Mas-
ter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- Tt3C
gree. Master Masons are cordially in- / IT 1
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretory.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15. |^_ -
American Association of 8}j^^0SBi^^_.
Masters and Pilots— Offl- Sj^^flt^"^*
cers and members are here- <^P^"^^^
by requested to attend the \T
funeral of our late brother, S. G. NAYLOR.
THIS THURSDAY, January 16, at 2 o'clock
p. m., from the undertaking parlors. 228 Mc-
Allister et Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
W. M. RANDALL, Captain.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- *^_
datlon. — Special meeting Will be held U ?~5»»
at hall, 820 Post st. THURSDAY. U*»*Oi»
Jan. 16, 1:30 p. m. All members are
requested to be present for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our deceased brother.
O. F. L. FARENKAM. By order of the
president. L. TRAUNG. Rec. Sec
ST. ANDREWS Society — A recep- v
tion will be tendered to Ex-Presi- 3. %&3l
dent JOHN REID. MR. WALTER
DAVIDSON and MR. A. R. PAT- **23»
ERKON. In Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin Bt.
on FRIDAY EVENING. January 17. at 9
o'clock. Members are cordially Invited to be
present JAS. ROLPH JR.. Pres.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Pleaee take notice that the annual meeting
of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poration, will be held at the principal office
of the company, in the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market st, between Fourth and
Fifth, In the city and county of San Fran-
, Cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY,
the 16th day of January. 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. m., lor tfie purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may properly come before the meeti
Ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2, 1902.
ANNUAL MEETING — OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market Btreet In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
on TTJESDAY. the 21st day of January, 1302,
at the hour or 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday, January 10. 1902. et 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company. 327
Market St.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 20th day of January. 1902, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of. elect-
| Ing a board of directors to .serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will dose on Friday, Jan-
uary 17. 1002. at S o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post Bt. San Francisco, Cal. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
' -will be held at the office of the company. 415
Post st.. in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. at 12 o'clock m. on TUESDAY, Janu-
ary 21. 1902. The transfer books of the com-
pany will be closed from January 10, 1902, to
and including January 21, 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT,
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco, January 6, 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market st. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1902, at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market et. San Francisco. Cal.
January 9. 1902. '
' AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or ineur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
CITY ASPHALTUM Co"; 632 Market— Roofs".
Eldewalta. floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.^
R. W. KING, attorney. Examiner building. 6th
floor, room 613; all cases; damages, estates,
wills, mortgages, partnerships, attachments,
collections, etc.; legal papers drawn; con-
tm: .tion free; 'no advance charges: open
evidlngs: call or write; established 20 years.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick;qulet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
Open e\-enings by appointment ;phonejohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;billa of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
"W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st ; consultation free; no feea in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TVANTED-r^hild to board; best of car*; ref-
erences. 117 Noe st
• — '
GERMAN lady would board couple of chil-
gren; room for parent 439 Minna Bt
A LADY, wishes to take a child to board; pri-
vate home. Box 2823. Call.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult metaphysical books
go to 142a Market «t. 8. F. »/
BUSINESS CHANCES. "
A— 11000; HAY. grain,. wood and on*l -r»nS on
Mission et; rent $40; esttt. 25 years; other
business compels oTner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Mi Kearny.
A — $700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
. by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels:
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
$500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business: low rent; location can't
be beat See R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearay at.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice: location caa't be beat
CaU R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at
A— $1000; CORNER grocery .and bar on Taylor
st; rent $25; place established many years
and doing -a good business: value in sight
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— *600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; ¦ call
coon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $800; COFFEE saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; -no Sunday or, night ¦ work
«P« c>«rlnar above $200 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt. _: .
A— $650; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.; rent $30; good paying. business;
rull value in eight Call R. G. WILKE 26V4 I
Kearny st : . , ¦ , j
A— $400; MILK depot and dairy produce Btore
on Fifth s t ; rent , $20 ; living , rooms • -. fine :
opening for man and wife. Call R. G
- WILKE.- 26% Kearny gt. - T^
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and aaloon.
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years'
lease;, established years; located on Mont-
gomery 6t. : good business.- Call. R, G. ,
WILKE, 26% Kearay «t
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
CttJIy. Aek C. L. HEDGES, 4C2 Parrott bldg. {
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES— -Continued
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-i
, flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence : Of flee— Furnish most
*. reliable help. ' 524 Bush st r tel. ¦ Bush 516.'':
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—-FEMALE.
A : STRICTLY first-class colored cook. wants a
• position inf flrst-class - private family; very
..best references. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
835 Geary st. r.;_. -. ¦¦ .-'"• -*¦'.-• ' •-•'¦_¦
COMPETENT woman, first-class 'laundress,
, wants i position In ¦' private : family; excellent
references. Call 1866 Vallejo st. ,
A REFINED lady desires a position as house-
keeper, companion or mother's assistant; ref-
erencea. . Box 2834, Call. ¦ ;
'WANTED— Situation as cook. by a responsible
person, willing and obliging; reference. Box
/ 2833, Call office. % ...
YOUNG lady, French teacher, dealrea position
' as visiting governess; experience; references.
Box. 2832. Call. ' ¦ '¦•'_¦
EXPERIENCED woman wants place as house-
keeper; city or country. Call afternoon or
address M. E. F., 1124 13th ave., B. Oakland.
CAPABLE young, woman wishes work by the-
.' day, washing,- Ironing or housed eaning;; re f-
erence. Box B, Call branch office, 300 Hayes.
AN, Al seamstress would like work by the day;
::¦¦ wages $!.• . Box 2851,' Call. , -. .
COOK: in private family wants situation. Ad-
- dress 1123 Post st. . ¦' .i
AN educated widow of 35, Just from Europe,
. who speaks perfects French, German and
. some English, . and understands sewing and
housekeeping, * wishes a ¦ position. Address
1315 Mission st. - ¦
EASTERN dressmaker with latest ideas wants
work in families; will sew for children; $1 60
a day until advertised. Address MRS. F.,
box 2810, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wants position; upstairs
work or waitress; wages $25. Call 21 Bourbon
¦ place, between Pierce and Steiner, Ellis and
Eddy. ... „
A NICE girl wants a position to take care of
..a child from. two to three years old.' Call at
1535 Mission Bt ¦
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work; $1 60
per day; suits remodeled; quick worker; good
fitter and cutter. Box F. 1941 Mission at.
SITUATION wanted by competent Scotch wo-
- man' cook In private family or housework;
city references. . 116 Fulton at ; ,
SITUATION wanted as nurse to child, com-
panion to invalid and assist with general
¦ housework. 120 Fourth at,-. .=--.- ?/-•:;--
YOUNG German girl i wishes position with
small family; general housework. Call at
830A Seventh at.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper » wants position;
best of references given". . Box 2824. Call. :
A' SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
¦ day as a seamstress. Apply 2019 Fifteenth.
YOUNG lady desires position as companion to
elderly lady. -Address box 2816, Call office. •
A GERMAN lady wishes ' situation as house-
- keeper. - 3750 Seventeenth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 roonl; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at <. 101)6
Valencia at. *. ..' ; .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- -MALE.
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
age as bookkeeper or clerk in a wholesale or
retail 'house, either city, or country. Box
2835, Call office., .
YOUNG man 20 years of age with 3 years' ex-
perience in butcher business would like to
. finish trade; will work for board and small
. wages. Box 2848, Call office.. : ....-
RELIABLE young man wishes position as clerk
: In grocery store : speaks German. Austrian
and English; experienced; reference. Box
2487. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes situation; is thoroughly
; familiar with horses; can speak French, . Ital-
ian. Spanish and English thoroughly; prefers
private family. Box 2855. Call.
GERMAN, middle age, best references,; well
acquainted, wants position ; grocery store or
similar work. Box 2850, Call office.
POSITION .-wanted by bartender; good appear-
. ance, steady, etc.; city or country; highest
references. Box 2831, Call office.
BY Al entry clerk .or assistant bookkeeper ;
first-class ¦ penman . and accurate; references.
Box 2854,. Call. ., ; v.
BUSINESS ¦ man, stranger in . city, will take
any position at any salary and work up; will
give bonds, or cash security. Box 2270, v Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in the
country. Box 2858. Call office.
PORTER and house man. late at a first-class
hotel in the city, .desires work In hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Box 2258. Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist, running engine and
repair any kind of machinery; handy In
? small planing mill; city or country. Box
2802, Call office. .
TOUNG man wishes employment; strictly
. temperate; willing to work; references.
Royal House. - room 124.
NURSE, with surgical physician's ref.; oblig-
ing, and satisfaction always given. I". M.
JONES, 206 Van Ness ave. ; tel South 857.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and blacksmith and
running engine; handy at any kind of ma-
chine ¦ work. Box 2803, j Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist wishes
employment, as engineer or fireman. F. W.
T.,,1309 Stockton Bt. .
BARBER, with 1% years' experience, would
like chance to finish trade; age 21; can give
- good references.. 1211 Fifth st, : Oakland.
YOUNG man, age 21, seeks employment; hon-
est and not afraid of work. . Box 2827, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an all-round electrician
and engineer; can do repairing; have tools
and test instruments; would like steady posi-
| tlon ; temperate. Address Electrician, 3316
Twenty-sixth st. . ¦ -
GOOD gardener, with 14 years' experience,
would like position in a private family; can
speak only German, French and Italian. Ad-
t dress G. TSCHABOLD, 829% Green at. S. F.
A FIRST-CLASS ¦ bread baker from . the East
would like a position; will take second, third
or fourth hand's Job. Apply 469 Clementina.
ACCOUNTANT desires position; references fur-
nished. Address C. A.S., care H. K. Stark-
• weather, Co.. 310 California st. ¦-¦•..,
A YOUNG Japanese wishes situation to do
chamber work in hotel or lodging-house. JIM.
box 2800, Call. ¦ . ... .-
POSITION wanted by an experienced meat
cutter. Box 2253. Call.
JAPANESE - wants " work; ; schoolboy: speaks
English- little. -.M.Madokoro. tel. Fell 1280.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at- 1006
Valencia st> i ¦ .
FINANCIAL. _ _ ¦ ¦'
COMPANIES promoted, > . guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices ; • good propositions wanted ; gold ' bonds
furnished. PACIFIC * • STATES . MINING
i AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting , Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation;. new method of
; . placing ; stocks and bonds ; • companies lncor-
- porated; stocks and bonds underwritten.*. Call
or address main, of flee. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
_^ J FLATS T 9.. 1 ; E .T^..:
A — 10 ¦ TO 20 days' free rent ¦ to desirable ten-
ants of brand new, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 2
grates, sunshine In every l room,' social room,
• nice yard, 4 car lines. Apply SPECK & CO.,
667 Market at. r " ; r.
OAK. .1909 — Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; - never " been used ;. frescoed ceilings;
• . marble vestibule; all modern improvements; !
looking out on park; rent $37 50;. can be seen
• between 11 and 3 o'clock. :. . . ' . . :
A— ONLY 2 left: $25 and $27 50;. new lower; 4
.rooms, bath.' Myrtle ave., -near. Van' Ness. \
FLAT, of 5 rooms with modern Improvements.
. 911 Filbert st; rent $13. ;; • ¦:
FLAT, 6 rooms, $11 ; "also cottage. I $10. ¦ Key
623 Second pt . . near Brannan. r . ¦ . : - ¦; .
SUNNY flat 3 rooms ; water • free. . 856 Third
. -;st; $10. -. - -....- ':.-; ¦ ,¦:¦ . ¦:¦ -.- ¦ . ...
_ ..FURNITURE : ; FOR ; SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60,* with No. 7
' r range. King Furniture Co.". 1127-1,131 Market.
FURNITURE to t sell of ' 2 : small '¦- rooms. ' 443
¦ : Natpma,8tr.- rear. '. ''.'>* '¦¦-•:¦¦¦- •.'•¦•-;-••
ELEGANT new f urn. & carpets;, will sell whole
> or ; part. . 1912 Fillmore. near Bush ;\ flat 3.
MINNA, ' - 27S- ; -9-room v house,' : in •. good •" order.
"'Call from f 2 to* 4: no agents. -¦¦ '-; ,•¦"--' -
. 1 \ ' '.':''¦' FURNITURE : WANTED. -. ?
;a: = WOLLPERT. .773 Mission ¦ st. ; ' pays " highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135L'
'¦ '¦¦< '¦ "- \ ' < :. ¦'¦ .. GLOVES. r : : K^/!V :, ' ; . ;
-D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
• warranted; kept in -repair.' 121 Grant ave.
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Continned.
$2750! '.'. $2750 ........ ./.. ... .$2750
Large livery and boarding stable. '.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete.
Over 50 steady boarders. .
Finest location in city.
Party retiring from the business. Full par-
ticulars by STENBERG CO., 759 Market.
FIRST-CLASS boarding and rooming house;
elegantly furnished; full of boarders and
roomers; must be a responsible party; a bar-
gain for the right party; rent $200 per month.
McBRIDE & CO., 765»Market st, rooms 1-2.
2 RESTAURANTS for sale at sacrifice; $225 to
$300. Investigate at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765
Market Bt w - . - - .
15 CIGAR Btands. $150 to $2625. .
15 restaurants, $75 to $3000.
12 saloons, $400 to $2S00.
3 groceries and bar, $750 to $3500.
25 candy, delicatessen, etc. •
RYAN & FIELD, 935 Market st. opposite
Mason, room 3. Telephone Folsom 3022.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy sit, rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
LIVERY, boarding and sale stable, 40c on $1;
must sell; easy money; established 40 years;
central location; don't .miss it Business
Board of Trade, 326 Pin* st . ¦
J.H.STANTON.real estate and business broker;
removed from 34. Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances,
$200 — PARTNER wanted; llght'ousiness; suited
to plain, steady - man satisfied with $18 to
$20 a week. 25 Geary Bt. room 4. .
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market E t.
I WILL sell or take a partner In fruit store.
243 Fifth at.
GREAT inducements to party who can furnish
or associate $5000 or more capital to control
a very valuable invention. Address Prouty
Mfg. Co.. 35 Oliver St.. Boston. Mass.
FOR* Sale — Tailoring business In the country:
living rooms, furniture, etc. ; doing a good
business. Apply Call office. \
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission at
A CANDY and cigar store; 3 sunny furnished
rooms; alongside of a hotel; departure cause
of sale. 510 Fourth st. """
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
leja. Cal. ; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
DRUGGIST with $2000 can hear of a good
money making proposition up north by a
party who has the same amount Box 2828,
CaU office. •
CHICKEN ranch, adjoining city limits. Peta-
luma; house,' barn, chicken houses, chickens,
cow, horse, wagon, etc.; plenty of good water;
1 cheap. N. H.. 1519 Jones Bt., San Francisco.
WANTED — Competent business man with some
. capital to take hold of an established busi-
ness in Seattle; we will furnish stock on
consignment. 217 Geary st.
PAYING grocery and bar; price $600; rent $25;
well stocked; money In sight. WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay st » .' --,-
RESTAURANT — Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Box 2814,
! Call office. <
FOR sale^ — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
$200. 3372 Mission at ¦ -/--_
$400— DELICATESSEN! good trade; rent $20.
Call 317% Third st.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor store; near Mar-
ket See BEN J. GOLDMAN CO.. 119 Bush.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale; good loca-
tion; $850. Box 2254, Call 'office. . <
OYSTER and chop house for Bale, 523 Pacific
Et; prop, has two places; wants to sell one.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1Q96
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real ;
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
18 r. ; new building; rent $60; bargain. .$1000
10 r. ; 6 blocks N of Mkt; 2 floors; heavy
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.; nice.. $525
12 r. ; rent $55; must sell; a snap. $400
14 r.; rent $45; clears $54; clean $600
13 r. ; on Geary st. ; 5 blocks of 'Market; high- i
ly respectable: good neighborhood; present
owner been there 5 years; good furniture and
good carpets: no other agent has It for sale;
will take a small house in part pay. . . .$1100
7 r.; rent $.16; owner going East; nice. .$300
40 r.; one of the best houses In S. F. ; ele-
gant; fine location; clears $175 $4000
28 r. ; permanent, tran.; clears $120 mo. $1400
55 r. ; central; Income $375 above rent. $5000
50 r. ; rent $140; income $350 per mo. .$4000
100 r.; elevator; office; clears $400 $7000
I can show you a bona-flde proposition with
income of $768 per month above rent; the
' very best Investment In this city $8000
36- ROOM hotel and bar $1700
14 rooms; on Mission st 450
64 rooms; fine corner; clears $300...... 4000
10-room flat on Post Bt; clears $75.... 1000
34 rooms; price 450
14 rooms; worth $800..... 500
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary..... 1850
18 rooms; sunny corner 1OOO
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 950
| 100 rooms; clears $400 ;... C500
37 rooms; on Market Bt; 2 entrances;
offices: permanent and transient. . 2800
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATE6..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H.C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A— FINE FLAT FOR SALE. * r ~
,10 rooms and bath; downtown, near -Post
/ and Powell: clears $75 month; payments to
cuit. DECKER. 1020 Market st
CALL ON RETSLOFF. HE CAN SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner sick; must sell $175
12 rooms; corner; clears $45..... 525
100 rooms; grand cor.; clears $500; pymts 5500
21 rooms; Al location; payments 1000
8 rooms; just listed; good ' 300
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive eale... 3000
10 rooms; best In city; payments 600
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF,
. (Tel. John 631.) 90C Market St.. cor. Ellis.
36 ROOMS; corner: just listed; income $250.
Particulars see RETSLOFF.
18 ROOMS; well furnished; a bargain; "clears
$85; price $1250; payments to suit Retsloff.
AA.. ATTENTION, BUYERS AA
You may buy any rooming-house in ¦ the
city and pay for it
In monthly payments
From the- profits of the house.
We furnish vacant houses
And loan money - at- lowest rates.
' DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281.
50 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
eee it DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850
Market sfr ;
A — WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market; photo-
graph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211.
i Invite you to call upon them if you, desire to
buy a lodging-house, and you are certain. to
obtain fair dealing. Specials:
30 rooms; rent $75...... .$1400
46 rooms; rent $100 : 3250
45 rooms; rent $125 2900
16 rooms; rent $67 : 675
14 rooms; rent $60..... 1000
18 rooms; i rent $37 60. . : 1050
BUYERS,' If you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or if you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent call on M. E.
RIVES, 916 Market St.. rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
A— NOTICE: — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and -prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market et, rooms 1 and
2 — Bargains in 'lodging-houses: a big- list;
nice. ; choice. Please call and Investigate. >
THREE hundred houses from $250 to $10,000.
RYAN & FIELD, telephone Folsom 3022.
935 Market St., room 3, opposite Mason.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale.. $300; .cause,
death; 17 rooms full; steady roomers. N 28%
Clay at
NICELY furnished house. 14 rooms; Howard
et; rent $27 50: price $450. Apply 202 2d sf
14-ROOMS; newly furnished; good, location;
payments. D. McRAE. 837 .Mission st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
• United States . or Canada one year for $1.
_postace paid. - ¦¦*•¦.-¦ -.: - . . >
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.,
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th 6t;tel.Capp2512'
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM.& CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works;. prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ' .
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
| vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION -OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Lawj and Collection AgencyT 6th
floor, 916 Market st ; advice free. ¦ Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys. /
GEORGE .-. W. , KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927? Market st
¦ COTTAGES TO LET.'
$18—6. R.; near Powell Bt THE MCCARTHY
[ N CO., C48 Market «t - . .
LOST AND FOU.Vb — Contlnned.
t,ost A pass book with the Iflbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn the
nUme of HILDA ANDERSON; No. 213-811.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in th<»
name of KATE PHILLIPS; No. 174-o20.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST^-Diamond screw stud between Oakland
and Sixth ave.. S. F.: $50 reward. Return to
532 Twenty-fourth St.. Oakland.
LOST— Jan. "10. brown lea the! purse; reward.
1510 Market st. .'
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WOgKik.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento st.
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRI3IONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mra. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, .also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands ; the unfortunate helped ; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases havo
. been relieved by my medical treatment; free-
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies* specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
Infants adopted. 410 O"Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist 410 O'Farrell it.
MRS M. WEGENER, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles" - physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market at. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: hom»
in confinement 1120 Market st, S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during 1
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES consult the original MRS. DAV1E3
at the old office. 122S Market st: 30 year»*
experience in obstetric and other cases.
Dr Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama at, nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10 ;avoid delay -.none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herba.
MIXES AX P MINIXG.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F.; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-liand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. J95-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etJ. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
WALLPAPER 3c. worth 10c; paperhangiug,
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st; tel.
Jackson. 1321.
SEALSKIN, bust 36, finest quality, same as
new; cost owner $200; will sell for $100
cash. See It. Box 2973, Call office.
BAR fixtures: big stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tho
Brunswick- Ealke -Col lender Co.. 652 Mission.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. II.
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st. --
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 SO. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st, upstairs.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont^y.
rWANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried tn stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FAIRBANK'3 10-ton hay scales: jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order.. 216 California, at
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815. worth $250, only
$90. ' Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Pert-
• land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined, $3.
Ml3flt Parlors. 23 Stockton st •
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 390 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
" J. BURKE. 139 Beale at
SAFES^ — New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
1ST-CLASS 2d-band modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERPT. S21 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARP A BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— Safe. Address box 23S5. Call of-
flce, Oakland.
WILL 'pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklna. Address at once, box 1205. Call office. ,
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
¦ theatrical goody. 154 9th st ; tel. Jessie 2851.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom ;tel. Folsomliai.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building
$4,500,000 at lowest rates .. ....**
»..••• on first and second mortgages .....«•
......... Life interests In estates ...... „
....... Property being held in trust ....... ,
.....Undivided interests tn real estate .....
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money .......
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 803 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Inc). *
$300,000 at 5^ & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
* MATTAN LOAN Cf '.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second azfd third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages. . estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near'
Geary at: phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84«J
Market st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
. ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt ; Iow-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private-
. party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jones.
On real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal: any amount"
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no brok»r-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6H.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
. out Indorser. WORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up- no re-
moval.- Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 un on furniture, oianos; no com.* private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr^
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commia. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-'
counted. TOUSLEY.CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
°N -furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. UCK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON salaries without Indorser; other proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big. ¦
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelaa M«U,
_ HELP WANTED MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. ... ..Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• ............. Office open 7 a. m.
2 brickmasons fora mine, $90 and found;
, woodworker, country shop. $40 and. found: 3
milkers, country. $30; * choremen. - $25 and
$30 •• 2 orchard hands, $25; 5 farm hands and
plow teamsters, $28 and $30; 2 Italians, vine-
yard work; 25 tie ¦ makers, virgin timber,
cheap R. R. fares; 25 woodchoppers, picket
and post makers »
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
Barber, to. run shop, country hotel; baker,
country . shop, $40 and found ; man to work
In butcher shop. $5 to $6 week and found;
. German waiter. $30; cooks, city and country.
MURRAY & READY. .634-636 Clay St.
BARBERS — The Langham Hotel barber shop
' will be sold to-day to the highest bidder, be-
tween 10 and 12 o'clock. DECKELMAN .
BROS.' Supply House. 106 Ellis st.
25c BARBER shop : and baths in - prospering
country town; strictly first class ; paying
best wages year- around. STOLTZ, 723
Market st. ¦
AN experienced foreman at BRUNT'S Print-
ing Office. .637 Clay st: good position for
the right man. | ¦
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
' good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
BARBER desires hotel shop, or would fit one
in good country hotel. Apply STOLTZ. 723
Market st -
WANTED — A strong boy to work In factory.
¦ Anply 221 Perry st ¦
PRESSER and bushelman at California Cloth-
t Ing Renovatory. 287 O'Farrell st; steady job.
WANTED— Errand boy. Sterrett Printing Co.,
933 Market st ' • '
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. H. KRAMER, 20
" Sansome Et
AN experienced German grocery and bar clerk;
references. C. P.. box 2830. Call office.
WANTED — A block butcher, $35 a month and
found. 3318 Mission at.
WANTED^ — Flrst-class shoe- repairer; bring
tools. 620 Hyde st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon at 816
Treat ave.
GOOD barber for Saturday night and Sunday;
steady; $4. 1310 Castro st - ¦•
WANTED— A second hand oa cake. 616
Hayes st.
YOUNG man or boy to learn barber trade.
799 Geary st, corner Hyde.
WANTED— Good 1 paper-hanger and painter;
• call early. 727 Ashbury st
BARBER evenings, Saturday and Sunday. 11
Sixth st
WANTED— Strong boy about 18 for wholesale
house. Address, stating age, box 2857, Call.
A NO. 1, good-paying, 3-chalr barber shop for
sale. Apply Call office.
A COMPETENT florist for a flrst-class store;
must understand the business In all its de-
tails, be a good salesman and give references
as to honesty and sobriety; good wages for
a good man. Box 2829. Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy;; able-bodied, unmanned men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 85; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
• inch; able to speak and read English. For
further, information apply at* the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
A THOROUGH, experienced and rapid ac-
countant who Is versed in all branches of
¦ office work and competent to supervise aa of-
fice and employes. Address In own hand-
writing-, stating age, references," experience
and compensation required. Box 2812, Call.
WANTED — A competent qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office. t
CLERK for office work with oil company, near
Bakersfleld; good penmanship and references
required; wages $60 per month and lodgings
free; state age. Box 2817. Call office.
CANVASSERS -wanted . for new Incandescent
gas burner: wide-awake men can earn good
commissions. Apply between 10 and 12
o'clock a. m., J room 8. 220 Sutter st •
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay at " '" *s
MAN of good appearance to take charge of
Raven advertising columns. P. O. box 77
Berkeley.
ELDHRLY man as night clerk; quiet, steady
place for honest and sober man; $15 month
and room; state age. Box 2813, Call.
BUTCHER boy wanted; one who can drive.
People's Market, 2599 Market st, corner
Sixteenth and Noe.
WANTED— A good barber at 1541 Geary st.
WANTED — A good barber for Wednesdays
Saturdays and Sundays. 681 Geary st-
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth st. Ban Rafael;, tel. Red 15.
YOUNG man about 17 or 18 years for men's
furnishing store. A. B.. box 28O4. Call. .
MAN to -work on fruit ranch; ranch can be
rented if desired. Box 2822, Call.
BOY wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 E1U3 st
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damagfd. half
price. 563 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chair barber shoo for sale;
good business. Apply at Call office.
McDonald & perry have ooo pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st
600 MEN 'to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; aollng 20c up. 923, Howard st. nr.Sth.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3. 40 Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts I of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
> ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to 60c. • 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
.• HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Ardade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons
harness,' etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CARLOAD . heavy wagon horses ; also 10 head
good livery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co..
721 Howard st. , \
BIG mare. $15: horse, $20: buggy, $25; single
coal wagon. $40. 79 City Hall ave.
- sample gloves for aals at
HEINEMAN'S.. 109 Sanaome at
WANTED — Good 2-horse hay wagon. 42«
Ninth st -
A ' BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
-¦-.-¦ HOUSES TO LET. ~™
A— PRINTED list houses to iht ; for clr^
cular. G.'H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1930, near Laguna — Eight rooms
¦bath; fine marine -view; rent $42 50.
* HOUSES • FOB ¦ SALE. #
NEW .modern 'house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
.large basement, yard. Portola, off Waller.
' bet. Fierce and ' Stelner. Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TRE^TMEM.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 139 ¦ Poat st. . . : ¦ .r .-
LOST AND FOUND.
— ~~ — ¦ — — /¦ —
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
- and' Loan Society of San Francisco, In tho
• • name of - DORA BOHLKEN; No. 208-167
The finder will please return to bank. .
LOST— As fawn-colored greyhound, Friday, at
Jackson and -, Hyde sts... Return to J. MAN-
; NING.'- G shed. Fourth and Townsend stsJ.
and receive ¦ reward. ¦ •
LOST— Tuesday afternoon, a black pearl iquir-
rel scarf pin; feet and tall gold and white
pearl between 'front paws. Please return 540
Parrott building and receive liberal reward.
LOST — January - 13,- on San .; Mateo car ¦ from
cemetery. gold-handled -umbrella. • H.
FREEZE, 899 Pine st. : reward.
LOST — On the 11 a. m. or 2:30 p.m. Berkeley
train or Elghth-st car,- San Francisco, mon-
key : skin card case containing gold brace-
let and quantity of money and calling cards.
Liberal reward. 3036 Telegraph ave., Berke-
..- ley; telephone Dana 1954.
OWING to an accident to the rider an Eagle
, bicycle ¦ was lost Sunday afternoon January
12. The finder : will t kindly return same to-
803 Larkin at. and receive $5 reward and no
ftuestiona asked, TSa|^|[Aj^jJWHKElliott Is -Declared Insane,
; LOS ANGELES, Jan. 15.— At an early
hour to-day the' Rees & Wlrschlng block;
219-235 Los Angeles street; was almost to
tally destroyed by fire, together with the
saddlery establishment of Hayden' <fe
Lewis Company and the coffee and spire
house of Newmark Bros. The total loss
is conservatively estimated at 5150,000, weil
covered by insurance.
I*os Angeles Block Burned.
They result from the recent detention
of that vessel at the Wllliamhead Quar
antine Station, near Victoria. One suit
is filed by 'J. J. Palmer of this city and
the other by W.; A. Ward of Victoria.
Both are wealthy men. Palmer being th»
millionaire president of the Toronto Type
Foundry. Both , gentlemen were aboard
the Rosalie when she- was sent to the
quarantine, and they claim that had
proper precaution been taken by the offi
cers of the steamer at Seattle, the child
afflicted with smallpox, which caused the
detention of the vessel, would not have
been allowed aboard. . They claim to have
lost a great deal of time and money ow
ing to their; enforced residence at Wll
liamhead. ; .
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 15.— Two libel
suits, involving $20,000, have been filed
against the Alaska Steamship Company,
owners of the steamer Rosalie, which
plies on the ferry route . between Victo
ria and Seattle.
ers of the Steamship
Rosalie.
Bring Libel Suits Against the Own-
MILLIONAIRES .OBJECT
TO BEING QUARANTINED
NEW WfiSTERN HOTEL."
C Ackermann, w & ch, Jas Holden. Denver Col
Seattle, Wash F Bruhn&W, Portland
F C Schllllng.VN T Cty W C Hill. Hayford
J Gay, Idaho *sj j Wilson. Oakland
Miss N Traband, Ole John Spencer, Sn Jose
Olsen Co Miss A Spencer. S Jose
Miss A Douglass, Ole Sam Spencer, San Jose
Olsen Co L J Garrison, Minn
Walter J Wilson, Ole P C Grath. Weaverville
Olsen Co D G Doubleday.St Paul
Chas L Rath. Angel Is G S Crawford, Neb
W* Ryan, Denver, Col G W Scott. Aurora Neb
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Miss Woods and Frederick Warde Are
Honored by^ Sacramento lit
erary Clubs.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 15.— The , various
literary and musical clubs of this city
united in a reception in the Senate Cham
ber of the State Capitol yesterday to
Miss Virna AVooda, author of "Horatius."
and Frederick Warde, the tragedian, who
produced the play in Clunie Theater Mon
day night, for the first time in California.
The event was one of the most note
worthy social gatherings of the season,
there being present several hundred fash
ionably attired women. Miss Woods wft3
complimented upon the excellence of the
play, and Mr. Warde upon the finished
character of the performance.
On behalf of the various local organ
izations Mrs. H. Weinstock delivered an
appropriate address, followed by a ta\r
words in acknowledgment by Mis*
Woods, introductory remarks by Mrs. E.
P. Colgan and a brief discourse by Mr.
Warde upon "Literature and the Drama."
Mr. Warde pointed out the educational
value of the drama, and said that the
leading: characters of -ancient England
were beat remembered through the
dramas of Shakespeare, rather than the
writings of the historians. He said ths
adage that "a prophet is not without
honor, save in his own country." was re
versed in the case of Miss Woods, who
was showered by her fellow townspeople
with compliments upon the success of ier
dramatic efforts.
f IRKUTSK. Siberia, Jan. 15.— The DeWindt
expedition, bound on an overland trip from
Paris to New York, which left the French
capital December 15. leaves here to-day for
Yakutsk, East Siberia, and Bering Strait.
DBAMATIST AND ACT0H,
GTJESTS AT RECEPTION
Washington — Amos T. Fox, Tacoma,
pencil sharpener; John V. Janin, assignor
one-half to C. Claeys, Seattle, level and
plumb; George L. and S. W. M. Kollock.
Seattle. jack3crew; William F. McClel
lan, Seattle, apparatus for pulverizing.
Patents have been Issued as follows:
California— Albert K. Andriano and H.
Herbstritt, assignors to Automatic Inter
connecting Telephone Company, San
Francisco, individual telephone switch
and lockout mechanism for interconnect
ing lines; James V. Coleman, San Fran
cisco, apparatus for pouring metal Into
molds', Charles Gore, San Francisco, life
preserver; John H. Lasscrot, Berkeley,
postage stamp carrier and applier: Emil
Marsky>v San "Jose, curtain holder and
pole ring; Joseph L. Petithomme, Oak
land, car axle box; Frederick W. L.
Schafer, Los Banos, butt hinge; William
H. Smyth, Berkeley, and K. L^ Fau3t,
assignors to Faust Menugraph Company,
San Francisco, menugraph.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Increase. William P. Gould, Pomona,
$8. Mexican War: Franklin Vandeventer,
San Jacinto, 512; Henry Fitzhugh, Altu
ras, $12; James M. Roy. Boulder Creek,
$12; Willis M. Harer, Alturas, $12; Alvin
Shearer, Chico, $12.
Oregon — Increase: J. Judson, Newmyer,
Chemawa, |8. .¦
"Washington— B. P. Six, Bridgeport.
Douglas County, vice Thomas P. Hopp,
resigned. |
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.-The Postofflca
Department has announced the fol
lowing postmasters appointed: California
— Hiram F. I. Cram, Dana, Shasta Coun
ty, vice John H. Cruxn, deceased; Benja
min Heilfron, Nicaslo, Marion County,
vice Frank E. Rodgers, resigned.'
Oregon— F. C. Bean, Mapleton, Lane
County, vice Julia A. Bean, resigned.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
op uttekest to-peopTjB
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Foraker spoke feelingly of the
late President McKinley and concluded
his address with thanks for the honor be
stowed on him.
But, great as have been these economical
achievements, others there are and greater.
Unexpected emergencies have arisen and un
foreseen responsibilities have been devolved
upoi us. Grave questions of vital character
relating to our power to acquire, hold and
govern territory to the necessities of the peo
ple governed have been settled for all time.
The interoceanic canal, our merchant marine,
our navy, the government of our Insular pos
sessions, our relations with Cuba and especially
our trade relations with other commercial
countries will demand and must receive the
highest and best thought of the legislative
mind.
The great industrial problem of Europe at
this time Is not how to sell In our markets,
but how to protect their own from our commer
cial Invasion, and one of our greatest problems
is how to go on Indefinitely controlling the
stupendous balance of trade In our favor with
out bankrupting the rest of the -world and thns
destroying the customers we are acquiring. The
floods of gold that are pouring in upon us are
rapidly racking us the great creditor nation of
the earth, so that henceforth we shall hold
the securities of other peoples and collect in
terest from them on their obligations instead
of, as heretofore, paying them tribute on ours.
If nothing more than this 'had been accom
plished it would be enough to entitle ail who
participated in the good work to the gratitude
and plaudits of American people.
I cannot sufficiently thank the Republicans
of Ohio for such long-continued, exceptional
and unprecedented marks of their confidence
and good-will. I can assure them, however,
that I shall earnestly strive to meet such un
common honor. Since I stood here, six yeara
ago, on a similar occasion a good deal of Im
portant history has been made. At that tim«
the country was suffering from universal busi
ness paralysis and prostration. There was a
serious controversy going on as to the cause
and . the remedy. All agreed that prosperity
should be restored, but there were wide differ
ences as to methods. All then recognized that
the first great work of the immediate future
had relation to our economic conditions. Time
has passed. The record has been made. It 13
before you. It speaks for Itself. My partici
pation may have been small, but whether mucli
or little it went to swell the grand aggregate
of effort by which the greatest Industrial won
ders of all time have been wrought. Long
vanished prosperity has returned and never in
the . history of the world has there been auy
thtnsr like what we now enjoy.
I have my fair share of enemies and de
tractors, as every other public man has had
since the beginning of the Government and
will have until the end of time. It ia not
pleasant to have enemies, but it Is a great
satlsfactlefn to be able to set down over
and against all they have said or may say the
answering fact that of all the many honors It
has h.e2n my good fortune to enjoy at tha
hands of the Republicans of Ohio, every one,
without a singla exception, has come to me
with this same unanimity at expression and
most of them by acclamation and without so
licitation.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 15.— The Senate
and House met in joint session to-day and
re-elected Joseph B. Foraker to the United
States Senate. Senator Foraker had prac
tically no opposition, the division being
purely partisan, the Democrats supporting
Charles H. Baker of Cincinnati. Every
Republican cast his vote for Senator
Foraker. The election "was purely a for
mal one. There were no addresses except
that of the Senator. He said In part:
Words for Enemies Preface
the Speech of the
Lawmaker.
Ohio Senate and House
Re-elect the Noted
StatesmaD.
FORAKER WEARS
THE TOGA AGAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY J6^ 1902.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 15.— Karry'L. Elliott,"
the Oxnard youth who shot and . killed J.
TV. Sherman in a Market-street resort las*
October, was adjudged; insane by a jury
in the i Superior : Court : this morning.- El
liott shot Sherman because the latter had
placed Mrs. Sherman' In the resort in
question. Elliott had " been a suitor 'or
. the woman's hand before her marriage.
11
SAN FRANCISCO; Cal., January 13~1902^
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m.. Thursday, Febru-
ary 13, 1902, and then opened, for construc-
tion of three Iron Storehouses at the Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal. Government re-
serves right ¦ to reject, or accept any or all
bids in whole or in part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) ¦ be-
¦ Ing equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application to D. p.
WHEELER. Deputy Quartermaster General.
Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS . : and : EMBALM-
ERS, to 1>24 J and 22(1 McAllister Bt. '- (For-
merly of » 3U Eddy' st. 'Tel. South 252.)
RESVgO.VED!
I ¦ s Samuel ¦ McFadden, 1 18 years >. manager for 1
E the United Undertakers'. Association; M.J.-
1 , McBrearty.' with the tame company for 18'
I years; P. F. Green, latewith J. C. O'Con-
8 '.nor. & Co.,' have opened . new Funeral Par-
Srlors nt 1171 Mission street.", between 'Seventh
a ami ' Eighth." Telephona South --14.'. •
NEW.F1KM OF UNDtirtTAKbRS
-/;•./: jambs:
Formerly ".with Bros., has. opened B
new - Funeral ¦ Parlors i at 214 Eddy St.. bet. B
Taylor and Jones. -.Telephone South 576. |j
a' delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two jninutcs. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling tirater and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
at your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the fami?""'
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Ti^
. 6AN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET. STREET. 1
J. ; HENDERSON. ' Manager.
!\M. Olivet Gemetery;
/HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. -
\ (Successor to Flanriagan& Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN.' M<r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. ...
: . . : ,- Telephone . South SO.
- (GTFrienda and acquaintances are \ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, f rom ' Central M. ; E.
Church," Mission > street.', between -Sixth and
Seventh/*". Interment-.- Mountain View '. Ceme-
tery. Oakland.'; fly 1 o'clock creek route boat.
" CTFrlends and acquaintances, are' respect-
fully. Invited 'to ¦ attend the funeral "to-day
(Thursday),' at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1348 Webster street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, via the 11:30
o'clock train f rom -.'¦ Third * and Townsend
. . streets . dej>ot. . .. ¦ -' "
BRIGGS— In , Newark',! Cal., January 14, . 1002,
Rev. Martin C. • Brlggs, D.D., beloved ¦ hus-
band of Ellen. G.Briggs, and father of Hor-
ace H., Rev. Dr. Arthur H.,;Alvah G., Rev.
Herbert ¦ F." and ' the late Russell A. - Brlggs,
a native of Rome, N. Y.', ' aged 78 years and
7 days.. (Cincinnati, and Chicago papers
" please copy.) ¦.;.;¦ ¦:¦"¦¦' .. I -;,
ACKERMAN — In this city, January 15, • 1902,
Julius ' Ch. , Ackerman, beloved husband of
Frieda Ackerman, arid father of William and
Fred y Ackerman, a ; native of- Germany, aged
44. years 5 -months and 28 days. ,-..-.
ANDERSON— In this oity, "January 15, 1002
i lEabell ' Esther, I beloved [ daughter of j Thomas
and • Mary Anderson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced (J years. .. .
'¦-. E?'Notice of funeral . hereafter. ¦ ' - .
BRESLAUER — In this city, January ; 14, T 1002
Baruch, beloved . husband of Carrie Breo-
lauer, father of Leone Breslauer, and brother
• of Nathan, - Marcus and Bernard Breslauer,
Mrs. A." Levy of Dunsmuir, . Mrs. Joe Marks
of OroviUe and the late; Henry Breslauer, a
native of Kempen,' Prussia, aged ',60 years..
DIED.'
Ackerman, Julius C.^ Liening, John H
Anderson, • Isabell E. Little, Col. Wm C
Breslauer, Baruch " Lowell, Frank pi
Brlggs, Rev. Martin ' Lyons, Edwprd F '
Bryant, Henrietta F. ' McCreag-h, Michael ¦
Burk, Gladys C. McGrath, Mary
Callaghan, Esther J. McGreer, Frederick
Cooper, Maria G.E.V. Makela, John '
Corcoran, 1 John B. Miller, Abraham H
De Blois,- Fanny R. Morton, Harriet A.'
Edear, WilUF. ¦ Murphy, Patrick -
Farenkam, Capt. Olof O'Connell, Patrick
Gannon," Joseph H. Russell,- Elizabeth"
Griffin, ' Jane '. ¦ Sewell, Mrs. A. W.
Hahn, • Katherina Sparrow, Annie
Herrick, Bertha' F. Swain, Etta. *'
Jones, Mrs. Isadora .. Swenson, Peter C G.
Keneflck, Julia A." Thomagle, Mrs. A.
Lamborn, Kate G. ' Volkmar, Emilie
Lesser, Henry . Welnhold, August -
Leuscher, Fred Winter. Louts ¦
BOYLE^ — JOSLIN— In this' city, January 14
1002, by the Rev. Dr. Jolm A. B. ¦«- Wilson'
George W. Boyle of Santa Barbara and Mary
Hester Joslln of Anamore. Ia.
GALLAGHER — GRIFFIN — January 5/ .' I9(r>
by the Rev. Father Phillips, James T Gal-
lagher and Lillian Griffin, both of San Fran-
cisco.'
JONES— HEINEMAN— In this city, December
l(i 1901, by Justice of the Peace J. R. Dan-
iels, Richard Jones and Ella J. Helneman
both of San Francisco. • ; . .
ROBINSON— THING— In this city, at the resi-
dence of. the bride's parents, 182 i Hartford
street, January 15, 1902, by the Rev. M. D.
Buck, Joseph , H. Robinson and Annie C*
Thins, both of San Francisco. ¦.
STAHL — RIEHL — In this city, Januarv 11
1902, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Peter
Stahl and Rosie Rlehl.
MAHBIED,
FloristCo.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable:.
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELUS 3BE 5050
BOBN.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 4, 1002, to
the wife of Alvin Anderson of Honolulu a
son.
BISHOP— In this city, December 13, 1001, to
- the .wife of Sherman A.' Bishop, a son.'
PETERSON — In this city, January 8, 1002 to
the. wife of J. C. Peterson, a son. (Alameda
papers ¦ please copy.)
SCHIENIER— In this city, January 10, 1002
to the wife of H. Schienier, a aon.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
4n at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the < name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.'
B1RTH5-MARRMES-DEATE
MCSICAL INSTRUMENTS. •
THE month of January Is a "special sale"
month for all who buy pianos from us, as
up take our annual invoice February 1 and
want to turn out as much stock as possible
Improve this opportunity to get one of the
best pianos made for a price not much more
than a cheap-grade instrument Is often sold
for. All our pianos are fully warranted
THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO 769
Market st. -
AGAIN we remind sjou that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the moEt reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some rood
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAX. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco- cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos. ~~ ~~
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MATTZY. 30S-310-312 Post Et.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS-
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEKJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
& Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up. credited if purchased;
r installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos: bargains ?25 up In Steinways, Heine,
ChickerinK. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO
217 Geary Et.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $85; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
square. $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few «nonths, $275; Bech-
st«>in baby rrand. almost new. BOWERS &
SOX. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POyp, AyentsT
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us KGHLER & CHASE. SO OFarrell
ft,; established 1850.
A PTECK, Everett, Hardman, Ludwig, Pack-
ard, Kingsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos: dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PRIVATE party wliKeacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. C95 Ellis.
STILL renting- new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes et.
$150 — OX sale, uprljrht irrand: eosf?C00; make
cash offer. Room 36, 217 Geary st.
?17?> — A RARE chance: fine upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st.,' next Hibernia Bank.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition,
*T5; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. iT
MULLER, maker, "repairer, 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market —
v Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
CHEAPEST and bfst in America — The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, 6ent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. : ¦ .-• «.
NEW HVGIE.MC TREATMENTS
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York.
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12, 2 to '4; phone Polk 1421.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
FOURTH, 303 >4 — Store and basement to let;
suitable for hardware store. Apply J. DE-
MARTIXI, 317 Washington 6t.
EMMA Spreckels building, 927 Market St.— Of-
nces with modern conveniences, $15 to $25
ASHTON & GARDINER.
$25—1056 HOWARD st.; large Etore; large
yerd; best business block. .
HANDSOME large store: very reasonable. 32S
Pacific €t.. near Eansome.
OIL.
OIL tacks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. E1C Mission Et.
PALMISTRY. ~~~
MRS. ALD RIDGE, celebrated palmist; children
specialty. 1010 Larkin; no sign; read, dally.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Poet; phone Hyde 2333.
H. JEROME "FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. G<-ary and Post; tel.Black 561.
1'AIXTCRS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; tinting done. Hart man
Paint Co.. 319 Third st- : tel. Red 3521.
— — _— _ _ __
ARRIVED — Ladies, don't look old; Dr. X. DE
SAVOTSKY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verite
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest study Is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that excels anything ever given in
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or tear. Phone Folsom
44C. 1140 Market St.. opposite Hale's.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge ; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
.ELECTRIC light in ever}" room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third ex.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 00 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer Jn
carpet twine, (n hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WHY guess? You can be certain Of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market «t., near Sixth.
ADOPTION — Fine, healthy baby for adoption;
married ccuple without children preferred-
$500 cash goes with baby. Address Physi-
cian, box 2S10, Call office.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
E!lls, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white Ehirts; selection 300 patterns.
10.COO PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth st., room
11; call after 7 p. m.
MRS. DAVISON. 364« Market St., phone How-
ard 20S-S, . professional chaperon; best of
references. . .
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary ct. Nat Raphael.
HAIRDRESSING. any style, 25c; switches
from $1 up; shampooolng, 50c; massaging.50c; ,
manicuring,25c. G. LEDERER.123 Stockton.
WHITE enamel iron beds, eJngleT three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et., near Broadway.
Elngr Chong & Co. have removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 0H8 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS ha!r and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Et.
A — IF your hair Is falling- or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
THE A'VIDA COMPANY permanently cures
etomach trouble. 7C3 Valencia et.. cor. 19th.
MAGNETIC massage treatment* given to either
sex by strong man. Box 2216. Call.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists. •
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9CS Eutter;teI.Larkin 317L
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING, 407B Hyde,
. SUPERFLUOUS liair removed and roots killed
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNX. 1002^ Dolores st. '
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St., rm.29.
'ELECTRIC needle epeclalist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumfr. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 ftO; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DK. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c; all drugglstg.
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
liair to its natural color; $1; at all d/uggltts.
PHYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
A—VR. OLIVE GRUVER,~ady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market et.: hours 10 to 8.
Dn ;«f,%S; O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 1£ Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason,nr.Ellls.
PLAMXG AND TL'RXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and ivory turning, planing^ shaping
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. S5 Fremont.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE— Wnflengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1208 Market st
and get cured; treatment free. " "
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: • ...
Victor N. Rosenberar. 30, 533 Stevenson
street, -. and Charlotte 1 1. .JAndereon, 24, - 533
StevenBon street. ¦ '..-..
Henry C. Haeselbach, 26, 2529 Bryant street,
and Lizzie C. Sengstacken, 24, 1034 Bryant st.
Ernest Tauck, 3S, 148 Silver street, and
Christina Commeroh, 24, city.
Giovanni Nielo. 47, Guernevllle, and Mar-
gherlta Ruffino. 42. Guerneville.
Charles Ohland. 28, 655 Washington street,
and Jennie E. Healy, 25, 655 Washington st.
Arthur W. Spear, 33, city, and India W.
Scott, 24, city.
Samuel C. Kern, 26, 314 Brannan street, and
Mamie McNulty, 22, 33 Norfolk street.
Georgre E. Devine. 21, <J12 Pasre street, and
Alice M. Murphy, 21, 006 Fillmore street.
Hao3 F. Lausten, 38, 425 Clementina street,
and Camp F. Ish, 29, 425 Clementina street.
Giacomo Carugli, 32, city, and Lovlcia
Figoni, 21, city.
Antonio Valergha, 26, 547 Berry street, and
Argentina Lazzaretto, 19, • 547 Berry street.
Adolf Llebrich, 37,790 Stevenpon street, and
Mary G. Demello, 23, Hay wards. •
John Olsen, 39, city, and Alma W. Nelson,
29, city.- ' -
THE following half-orphans have been received
in the S. ' F. . Nursery for Homeless Children
since last publication : Violet Lumberge, 4
years of age: Marion Williams. 2 years of
age.; Robert D. Mackay. 5 years of age.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION
. AUCTION i ' AUCTION AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION. AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION
At our. salesroom, MONDAY, January 20, 1902,
at 12 o'clock noon.
„ REFEREE SALE.
The following piece to be offered by order
of Gustav H. Umbsen, cole rereree. Subject
to confirmation by the court:
No. 4373 Twenty-fourth st.. SE. cor. Hoff-
man ave.; well-built cottage of 5 rooms, with
stable In rear* windmill, etc.; cars pass the
door; lot 65x100.
LAMBERT ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
No. 1068-1070 Howard Bt. and No. 577-579
Natoma st.. Ijet. 6th and 7th; Improvements
consist of 2 stores, 3 flats of 4 rooms each and
2 lodging-houses of 14 and 19 rooms each;
rents $1692 per annum.
This property is only 2 blocks from Market
st. and 1 block from the new Postofflce; lot
50xltt5, Irregular. Subject to confirmation by
the- court.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 412 Taylor Et., bet. O'Farrell and Geary;
good substantial improvements; consist of 3
flats of 7-8 rooms and bath each; rents $118
per month; lot 23x87:0.
BRANNAN-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 432-434 Brannan St. and No. 1-3 Freelon
et., bet. 3d and 4th; substantial improvements
consist of store and 3 rooms, 2 flats of 7 rooms
and bath and 2 houses of 7 rooms each; rents
$S5 per month; lot 35x160; 3 frontages.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. .
No. 1815 Broadway, bet. Gough and Octavla
sts.; an elegant residence consisting of 22
rooms and bath; in perfect order; surrounded
by desirable residences; large lot; ample sun;
lot 42:9x120; terms very easy.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 2422 Clay st., north side, near Fillmore:
modern bay-window -residence of 7 rooms and
bath; in perfect order; lot 25x90; bank mort-
gage of $3500 at 6 per cent can remain.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 2308^ Howard St., near 19th; 2-story
building consisting of store and 3 rooms and
bay- window flat of 5 rooms and " bath; brick
foundation, etc.; rents $28 per month; lot
21:10»4x75:6. .
MISSION INVESTMENT.
No. 164-166 San Carlos ave., bet. Mission
and Valencia, 18th and 19th sts.; 2 dwellings
of 6 rooms each; rents $26 per month; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 25x80.
PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 1335 Paciflfc St., near Hyde; frame build-
Ing occupied as Chinese laundry, under lease;
rent $25 per month ; tenant pays water and
makes all repairs; lot 22:6x65.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 3537 Twenty-second st., near Dolores;
cottage of 5 rooms: nicely . located and shel-
tered from winds and fogs; cars-pass the door;
lot 25x100..
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
No. 2763 Gctavia st., near Union; good cot-
tage of C rooms; street bitumlnized and ac-
cepted by the city; lot 31x72.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
"' 14 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market, opp. Kearny
Real Estate Acents and Rent Collectors.
$125,000.
Corner; lot 70x130 ft.; rent $900; 1 tenant.
$70,000.
Reduced from $S0,0O0; corner; 75x75 feet,
within one-third of block from Market st. and
close to Hibernia Bank;, stores and lodglng-
. house; best investment off Market St.; must be
eold.
$62,000.
Large corner, within 2 blocks of Market Bt
and Zinkand's; a rare buy; 82 ft, frontage
$60,000.
Corner, 48xS2:6; first corner facing Market
st. c/rth; sold for $42,000 twenty years ago:
¦want oiler.
$55,000.
Half block from Orpheum ; one block from
proposed Crocker Hotel and new Flood build-
ing; stores and lodging-house.
$40,000.
Ceary-6t. corner: lot S7:6xl37:6; very sub-
stantial Improvements; rents $255; pays 7 per
cent net.
$30,000.
Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6 flats*
building cost $25,000; lot 68:9x71; rents $2450
per year. <
$35,000. 7
McAllister st. corner.
85x9S: good improvements; rents $220.
$27,500.
Fillmore-st. business corner; best location in
Western Addition; store and flats; rents $200
$15,500.
Three new Ellis-st. flats; 27:6 frontage; year-
ly rents $1560.
. $12,600.
Sutter st., near Jones: a choice buy.
$11,500. •
Ellis-st. corner; stores and flats; three front-
ages; Jot 37:6x87:6; rents $95.
$11,000.
Modern fiats; near Hyde and Sutter; rents $90.
$9500.
Rents $103; lot 50x60: downtown Investment.
"- $9000.
Elegant residence, 8 rooms; best modern ap-
pointments. .
$5500. •
Flats; rents $56; lot 42:6 ft frontage.
$3600.
Flats, vicinity Third and Howard sts.; rents
$43 50; mortgage $1700 can remain.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Our many sales prove It.
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-egg for 'investors j $5 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., nr. H st.
$400 to $800— Superb Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level building lots, near Mls-
eion-et. cars; 50 per cent lees thaa actual
value; $5 monthly.
$1000, $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages-
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
$8000— FINE house In Presidio Heights; must
be sold: built in 1899; 10 rooms; 2 baths-
reception hall, library, china closet, side-
board, furnace,4 mantpls. electric lights and
gae; basement has laundry; fine view and
choice locality; lot is 35x100; permit at our
office; owner going East; furniture for sale
also. THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery et.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE~NEAR~ SAN~FRAnCISCO^^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and genera] farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR . Ec<le — 80-acre stock ranch 2 miles from
Fresno ; all fenced, stocked and running now;
write for particulars. TV. A. WHITE
Fresno, Cal.
£15,000— FOR sale, Sauealito. 7 houses, Jarge
piece of land. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City
Hall Sauare.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to bell; right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy et.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale;, write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELP. Pctaluma. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
NEW (5-room modern 2-story house; large lot;
all fenced; dose to school, stores, churches
and' electric cars; price $1050; terms $150
cash, balance $16 per month; bank ¦ loaned
$1300 on this property: will rent for $16 per
month. HOME REALTY CO. Take Berke-
ley train, get off at Lorin Station.
4-ROOM house, new; windmill and tank; deep
well; lot 35x130; cement walks; 2 blocks
from school, church, stores, R. R. station and
electric cars; price $1200; terms $150, balance
$15 monthly; this is a snap. HOME REAL-
TY CO. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln
Station.
$3750— A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
Just being finished; lot 50x156; only 5 min-
utes' walk to the university; in the very
best part of Berkeley
• JOS. J. MASON.
< ¦ Real Estate, Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and be*t In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United ' States or Canada one year for $1.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. '
AN unnarelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school ; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; ¦ fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington - and
Eighth sts., come with 1 block. Call or
address 1C59 Ninth ave., ' East Oakland. '
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., Sari Francisco,
¦hag received the following orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to Jan. 1, 1902: Jennie. Anderson, aged 7
years, Olga Anderson, 4; Alice Obrlst, 7;
Onita V. Mayberry, 11; Lucy B. Cain, 9;
Mary Colgrove, 3; Mary M. Crankishaw, 6;
Gladys Crankshaw, 5; Adelaide Parker, 10;
Margaret Voss, 10; Joycelin E. Martin, 11;
Ethel Plant, 12; Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe,
B; Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe, 2; Ruth
Congdon, 7; Mildred Congdon. 5; Florence
- Hodge, 18 months; Grace Bess, 6 years; Irene
Jones, 10.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan j and ' half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum — on Haight st. — from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902: Doris B. "Whitehorn, 2 yrs.
6 mos.; Tessle V,.Buyck, 9 yrs. 10 mos.; Lena
Schmidt, 7 yrs.' 1 mo. ; Lena M. Hamberger,
6 yrs.; Harry Klang. 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehorn, 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; Herbert O.
Seemann, 5 yrs. 4 mos. ; Percy W. Stapleton,
8 yrs. 10 mos. : Harry Hamberger,' 4 yrs. . S
mos,. ; ! James A. Ferguson, 8 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos. ; Rudolph Bohde,
8. yrs.; William Hill, 8 yrs. 4 mos.; William
' Randolph, 7 yrs. 5 mos. ; Herbert W. Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin' Kvalvig, 10 yrs. 5 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan-' Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice • that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1, 1901, to January 1, .1902, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and'
girls: Isidor Cohen, 13 yrs. 4 mos. ; Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Hannah Feingold,
8 yrs. 2 mos. ; Henry Feingold. 5 yrs. 6 mos. ;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 mos. : Alma Wolff,
7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner, 8, yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 6 yrs. -5 mos.; Sam Shaphran,
8 yrs. 11 mos. ; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Samuel, Pud-
lin, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlin, 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. .11 moa. ; Clarence
. Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Louis Friedman, 0 yra.
2 mos.; Henry Friedman; 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Ros-
enthal 6 yrs. 4 mos. ; Florence Rosenthal, 4
yrs.; Ruben Vidaver. 12 yrs.; Matthias Vi-
daver, 10 yrs. 9 mos.: Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7 mos.;- Mamie Levy. 8 yrs. 4 moa.;
Sarah Levy, 4* yrs. 3 mos. • .' .
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half -orphan girls and boys have ibeen- ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901, to
. January 1, 1902: .. Edna Dussure. 1 year ¦ 6
- months;- Gertrude WeBtphiel,' 6 years 6
months; Helen. Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
•Bessie Irwin, 2 years 3 months; Charles Kat-
to. 4 years 10 months; Violet Kat to, 1. year
11 months; Leo Morres, 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres, 3 years 6 • months; : Pauline
Hoxall, 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann , 9 years; Lotta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 13 years; Will
Hilltin, 3 years 10 months; George Hilltin,
2 years; Alice Murry. 5 years 5 months; Ger-
tie Murry, 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 = years;
Annie Moldo, 5 - years 1 • month ; Edmund
Munny 5 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months ; Thomas Donn,
5 years 2 months ; Albena Gazano, 8 years U
months; Bernard Rose, 4 years .7 months;
Mary Vogelsange, 8 years ; Ruble Denny, (J
years; Florence -Wall. '3 years; Mary Green,
5 years; Evalyn Segers,, 2 years;. Mary
Welsen, 7 years 8 months; Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee, 5 years ;¦ Isabella Magulre,
10 years; Benjamin Pacilla, 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pacilla. 3 years 7 months ;
Edward Smith, 6 years; vames Smith; 8
years; Roy Smith, 0 years; Ethel Smith, 4
years... . . -..'-' - ¦'. ~ . ".
BRYANT — In this city," January 13, i902, at
i her/residence., 2910 Clay street,- Henrietta
'Francese Bryant, "widow of the : late Dr.
Berryman "Bryant, -mother of Calhoun and
. . "Dr. ; Edsar ' R. • Bryant, daughter, of- Mrs.
. Henry Reeve Sr., and sister of Oscar ¦¦ A.,
Henry F., Ben j. W.' and J. Page Reeve and
.. Mrs. J. B. ; "Woolsey, a native of Ohio, aged
59 years S ' months and 18 days. (San Jose
.and Gilroy papers please, copy.) > .
'- ¦ C7"The funeral services and interment will
-be held ' at ' Gilroy,' Thursday,-^ January 16,
1902, upon the arrival of the 8 o'clock train
from San ' Francisco. _ . -¦ -
BURK— In this city.V January' 14,' 1902,\ Gladys
Cecilia,' beloved daughter of James - and
Sarah : Burk, and sister of William, - Mary,
.Rose, Katherine, Esther, James, Urban,
- Frank and Genevieve Burk, : a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years.
. ¦ •¦;. yzy The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 3007 Webster street. Inter-
ment Holy, Cross Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN— An anniversary high mass will
be celebrated "tor the - repose of the soul ¦ of
Esther J. Callaghan : at - St. Peter's Church,
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets, to-mor-
row (Friday), at - 9 o'clock. < ? Friends • and
acquaintances are . invited to attend.
COOPER — In -this , city. January 15, 1902,
.Maria Geronima Encarnacion ; "Vallejo de
¦ Cooper, widow of the late Captain J. B. R.
•Cooper, and mother of Mrs.. Anna M.
Wohler, Mrs. E. J. • Molera and the late J.
B. H. Coouer. a native . of Monterey, Cal.,
aged 02 years 9 months and 20 days.
¦ IE?" Funeral will . take place Friday, Janu-
; . ary 17. 1902, from : St. Mary'a - Cathedral,
; where a high ' requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing, at 10 o'clock. .".-.. • ¦
CORCORAN— In Vallejo. January 14, 1902,
•• John B., dearly beloved husband of Mary E.
. Corcoran, - and father of John, Josey, Nellie
and Irene Corcoran, a native of Ireland, aged
. 49 years. '". '
E?" Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral from the residence, 532
Kentucky street, Valiejo, at 9:45 o'clock
Friday mornlnsr, thence to St. Vincent's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
¦ bft calebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
jnencing nt 10 o'clock. Interment St. Vln-
• cent's Cemetery. .' . '
DE BLOIS— In this city, January 14, 1902,
' Fanny R., widow of the late Captain George
"L. De Blois, and mother of Mrs. Charles B.
Holbrook and George E. De Blois,' a native
of Newport, R. I., aged 72 years '10 months
-and 2 days. (Newport,. R. I., papers please
copy.) • ' '¦ ;t -. : * - . ,
• E^The funeral' services will take place to-
day (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors . of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission
. street, Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
. private. -.
EDGAR— Gone -to rest, January 13, 1902, Will
. F. Edgar, i beloved husband of Elizabeth
Edgar, father of Lillian R. and Lincoln L.
¦ Bdear, ¦ and brother-in-law of Dr. F. F.
¦ Lord, a native of Iowa, aged 46 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1103 Oak street. Interment Laurel
'. Hill Cemetery.
BY reauest of the ¦ family, the officers i and
members of Harmony Lodge No. -9, A. O. u.
W., are hereby called to assemble at 1193
Oak street to pay the last tribute of respect
. to our deceased brother, William F. Edgar.
THOMAS J. FOLEY JR.. M. W.
D. McSWEENET, Recorder.
FARENKAM— In this city, January 13. 1902,
Captain Olof Ferdlnandt Larsen Farenkam, j
a native of Denmark, aged 79 years 3 months
and 23 days. . *
* ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited* to attend the funeral ' services
- to-.day. (Thursday); at 2 o'clock,- at Red
Men's Hall, 320 Post street." Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of the California. Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
GANNON — In this city, January 15, 1902. Jo-
seph H.. beloved son of the late Edward and
Hannah E. Gannon, and brother of James T.
Gannon and the late Hannah E. Graham, a
native of San Francisco, aged 38 years.
v " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 992 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a -¦ solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, ' commencing at b o'clock. Interment
Holy ' Cross Cemetery. , .
GRIFFIN— In this city, January 15, 1902.
.Jane, , beloved wife of "William Griffin, and
mother of Mrs. Charles F. Murphy and Hugh
Griffin, a native of County Derry, Ireland.
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 1116 Potrero avenue, near
Twenty-fourth street. Interment Holy Cross
' Cemetery. -
HAHN — In Oakland, , January 14, 1902, and
lately from Haywarda, Katherina, beloved
wife of the late Jacob Hahn, and mother of
¦ John Beck, Adolph, Emil and George Hahn,
Mrs. Rose Barron and 'the late Cynthia Kast,
a native of Germany, aged 74 years 5 months
and 8 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 17, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1172 Seventh street, thence to St.
¦ Elizabeth's Church, - Bray street, Frultvale,
where a. solemn requiem hieh mass will be
celebrated for the reoose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Please omit flowers,
HERRICK— In Oakland, January 14, 1902,
Bertha Ftennes' Herrick, daughter of- Wil-
' Ham F.. and Lucy F. Herrick, a native of.
San • Francisco. ¦ . " . ¦ - • '
EFFuneral services and interment private.
JONES— In this city, January ' 15, 1902, Mrs.
Isadora Jones, wife of the late Captain T.
Jones,' sister of Mrs. Anselma Mungula and
Mrs. Estifan Quiroz, and aunt of Mrs. Cles-
tilde Mendez. a. native of Duranso, Mexico,
aged 03 years and 21 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral Saturday,
January 18, 1902, at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 734 Green street, thence to Spanish
Church, where a mass will be said for the
repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KENEFICK— In this city, January 15, 1902,
at the parents' residence, 2420 Mission street.
Julia A., beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late Bartholomew Keneflck. and beloved
sister of Richard, Cornelius, Mary and John
Keneflck, c native of Ean Francisco, aged
24 years 4 months and 3 days.
- - £7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LAMBORN — In Alameda, January 14, 1902,
Kate G.. beloved wife of ""^i. H. Lamborn,
mother of Gladys M. Lamborn, and sister of
• Mrs. M. A.- CumminKs, Mrs. L. G. Thomp-
son and Mrs. J. J. Greene, a native of Sac-
ramento, Cal.
¦ ;cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral Thursday,
January 16, 1902, at 10 o'clock, from- her late
residence,- 1516 St. Charles street, : thence to
St. Joseph's Church," at 10:30 o'clock, where
a requiem high moss will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment private.'
LESSER— In this city. January 14, 1902, Henry
Lesser; beloved husband of Mrs. Sarah Les-
ser of Roarasen, Prussia, father of Mra. Ro-
salie Wollhelm. and brother of Abraham
Lesser, both of Berlin, Prussia, a native of
Prussia, aged 69 years and 10 months. Presi-
dent of Chebra Berith Sha-Com. . (Salem, Or.,
papers please copy.)
I IE?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this
Thursday, January 10, 1902, at 2:30 o'clock,
from the undertaking . parlors of Charles J.
B. Metzler, (530 Washington street, thence to
Third and Towr.send streets by 3:30 o'clock
train to New Salem Cemetery for interment.
LEUSCHER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 15, 1902, Fred Leuscher, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 54 years. .' .
LIENING— In Colusa, Cal., January 14, 1902.
¦ John H.' Liening, a. native of Germany, aged
84 years and S days. .
CTFriends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral • services
-.' to-morrow (Friday), at. 1 o'clock, at Pioneer
¦ Hall. Fourth street, "near Market. Remains
at the parlors o£_the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
LITTLE— In Oakland, January 14, 1902,
Colonel William Coffin Little, a natlV6 of
-Honolulu, Hawaii, aged 05 years 5 months
and 27 days. . « - ' -• .
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral services
Friday, - January 17, 1902, at • 2 o'clock, at
¦ First Congregational Church, corner Twelfth
and Clay ¦ streets, Oakland, under the aus-
pices of Oakland Lodge No. 171, -B. P. O. E.
: Interment Maintain View Cemetery. • .
LOWELL-^-In Akland, at 4210 Telegraph ave-
• nue, January M5, ¦ 1902, Frank Pearson; hus-
band of Mary E." Lowell, and" father, of
"Myrna F.' Lowell,; a native of Sacramento,.
. Cal., aeed 48 years 4 months and 13 • days.
. A member, of Oakland Camp No. 94, • Wood-
* men of the World,' and Capitol Lodge, I. O.
- O. F., of Sacramento.
LYONS— In this city, January 13, 1902, Ed-
. ; ward F.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Lyons, and father of: the late Edward Lyons,
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building . Association, and for the parents
and relatives of living members, will be
sung in St. Dominic's Church to-day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock. .
(tyinterment at Sacramento.
•cy* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of II. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WEINHOLD — In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January 15,- 1902. August Welnhold, a
native of Germany, aged 73 years.
WINTER— In this city, January 14, 1902,
Loula Winter,' beloved husband of Fannie
M. - Winter, and father of Mrs. James W.
Easton. Mrs. Thomas Coleman. Mrs. George
Cornish Jr. and John L. Winter, a native of
Germany, aged SO years 10 months and 3
• days.
IC^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attendthe funeral Thursday,
January 16, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
• parlors of Theodor Dierks, 057 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
THORNAGLE — In this city, January 15, 1902,
Mrs. Agnes Thornagle, beloved wife of Chris-
tian ThornaKle. and loving mother of Alex-
ander, John, Edna and Crystal Thomagle, a
native of San Francisco, aged 44 years 0
months and 8 days.
VOLKMAR — In this city, January 14, 1902,
Emilie, beloved wife of the late Christian
Volkmar, and mother of Mrs. Charles Fey,
Mrs. Louia Wilde, Mrs.. Maurice Owens and
the late Sophie Volkmar. a native of West-
phalia, Germany, aeed 59 years 10 month)
and 23 days.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 17, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock,
at Crocker Old People's Home, Pine and
Pierce streets, San Franclpco. No flowers.
SPARROW— In thia city, January 15, 1902.
Annie, beloved daughter of Arthur and Lid-
die S. Sparrow, and sister of Arthur, Grace.
Earl and Roy Sparrow, a native of San
' Francisco, aged 7 years and 6 days.
SWAIN — In the City and County Hospital.
. January 15. 1902, Etta Swain, a native of
: Kentucky, aged 35 years.
SWENSON — In this city, January 13. 1902,
Peter C. G. Swenson, late of Stockton, Cal..
¦ beloved cousin of A. W. Anderson and Mrs.
. B. O. Jacobson. a native of Sweden, aged
58- years 9 months and 13 days. (Stockton
papers please copy.) . ; '
(ETThe 'uneral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence,, 816 Greenwich street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL— .-In this city, January 5, 1902,
Elizabeth Russell, beloved mother of Charles
E., J. G. and Ernest A. Russell and Mrs.
H. G. Battey, p. native of Pennsylvania, aged
- 5 79 years 1 month and 5 days. -.
CE?"Funeral notice In Friday morning'*
papers.
BEWELL— In this city, January 14, 1902, Mrs.
. Angelina W. Sewell, wife of Newton fiewell,
and mother of Mrs. Mallle Jones, Amos F.
Sewell and Edward N. Sewell. a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 73 years and 12 days.
(ETThe funeral will take" place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1312 Page street. Interment strictly
• private.
MURPHY — In this city. January 14, 1902.
Patrick Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged
40 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city, January 14, 1902,
Patrick, beloved busband of the late Brid-
get O'Connell.., and father of John, Daniel
and Alice O'Connell. Mrs. H. NlcoHnl, Mrs.
K. Boyd and the late Mrs. J. L. Cailahan.
a native of Ireland.
E7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, at his
late residence. 11S1 Bush street. Interment
private, at Home of Peace Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30- o'clock.
MORTON— In Alameda, January 14, 1002,
Harriet A. Morton, beloved mother Of Hat-
'tie A: Rogers and Frank H. Morton, and
grandmother of Isabella Marks, a native of
Worcester, Mass., aged 68 years 10 months
and 23 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, January 16, 1902, at 2:30 o'clock,
at the parlors of the National Undertaking
Company, corner Eichth street and Broad-
way, Oakland.
MILLER— In this city, January 15, 1002, Abra-
ham H. Miller, . beloved husband of Henn-
reitta Miller, and father of Harry A., Cora,
Stella, David. Jeste and Walter Miller, a
native of Bavaria, aged 70 years 2 months
and 12 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, January 16, 1902. at 4 o'clock, at
the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 224
and 226 McAllister street, opposite New
City Hall. Interment at Chicago.
MAKELA — In Oakland, January- 14, 1002. John
Makela, a native of Finland, aged 63 years.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ..funeral to-day
• (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 160 Clara street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McGREER— In this city, January 14, 1902.
Frederick B., beloved husband of Minnie B.
McGreer, and father of Earle McGreer, a
native of Muscatlne, Ia., aged 35 years 5
months and 18 days.
!E?"Frlenc!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hia late
residence, 23S Fifteenth avenue, Richmond
district, thence to Star of the Soa Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
, the repose of his soul, commencing at 0
• o'clock. The remains will be taken to Titus-
: vllle. Pa., for interment. \
McGRATH— In this city, January 14, 1002.
Mary, beloved wife of Michael McGrath,
mother of Manraret, Alice and Eileen Mc-
Grath, sister of Mrs. Martin Walshe, and
aunt of Hannah Halley, - a native of County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 33 years.
- JETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Thursday), - at 9:30 o'clock, from hia late
t residence, 563% Bryant street, thence • to St..
Rose's Church, where a. aolemn requiem
'mass will be celebrated for the- repose of hi-*
eoul, commencine at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCREAGH— In tifts city, January 14, 1902,
Michael C. McCreagh, beloved father of John
E., Thomas J. and Minnie McCreaerh. Mrs.
William S. -Dillon and James F. McCreagh
of Oil City, Pa., a native of County Clare.
Ireland, aged 76 years. {Oil City, Pa., ; and
Buffalo, N. Y., papers please copy.)
Mrs. Hart. Mrs. Wolter and William, John
and Thomas Lyons, a • native - of < Tuam,
County , Gal way, " Ireland, ¦ aged 68 years.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OAKLAND .ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
• OAKIiAXP REAL ESTATE.
$4300— A BRAND-NEW HOUSE.
Location 20th and Webster sts.; lot 43 feet
frontage;, house of 7 rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest in every de-
tail and finish; this property originally be-
longed to an estate and it now must be sold;
only a few blocks from 14th and Broadway
. . local trains and business centers; this prop-
erty can be rented for $45 per month; house
a. good investment if purchaser did not wish
to occupy It. •¦, -. •¦--¦-' -•;-¦
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
. 1002 Broadway,' Oakland.
$2000— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500. "
Almost new 6-room house; note — (lot 50x140);
sunny exposure; street work. all complete; In
first-class condition ; near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and our
Instructions are to sell without reserve to
the highest and best bidder; terms only $500
cash, balance can remain on mortgage; pur-
chaser can pay cash if. so desired.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
: •:.-;¦ .1002 Broadway, Oakland." '
$3600— STRICTLY UP-TO-DATE COZY HOME.
Reception hall, front and back parlor, din-
ing-room and kitchen below, 3 fine bed-
rooms, closets and bathroom above; air fin-
ished in light hard wood, hall in white cedar;
front and back porch, 2 toilets, laundry and
cemented basement; nice lawn and flowert
• front and' rear; situate ¦ prominent 40-foot
corner, close in; bargain; will be sold this
- week; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
,¦ v t - '•":¦.¦.: 1002 Broadway, Oakland. -
$2850— MODERN COTTAGE ON GROVE ST. '
7 rooms and bath; laundry and cemented
basement; all In fine condition; sunny side
of street; fine neighborhood; lot 40x116.
1 . J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$250 CASH, $6 monthly— New unfinished cot-
tage of 3 rooms; 5 fine lots.: all fenced and
cross-fenced: - chicken house and outhouses;
Al well of fine water; large grove of trees;
away from fogs and raw winds; 2 blocks from,
electric cars and 00-foot boulevard; fine
school, church and town hall; over 100 fam-
ilies on place; very nice, neighbora; cozy
home and a bargain; price in all, $600; call
or send for circular. 450 Seventh St., op-
posite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. g. JONES, Owner.
$1000 — BIO bargain; cozy B-roomed cottage,
with porcelain sink and hot- water boiler;
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
" sale box 2378, Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE- FOR sXLB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLARA. 152 — 5 rooms unfurnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping, 2 beds,
double parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; single, ?•*.
GEAP.Y, 1527 — Front unfurnished connecting
rooms with alcove, running water, gas range,
bath. .
GROVE, 420A — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping:; $5.
HOWARD, 1003—2 sunny connecting; com-
pletely furn.; bay window; range; elec. lights.
MCALLISTER, 935, lower — 3 nice housekeeping
rooms; coal and gas stove.
OAK, 119 — Large sunny parlors. v furnished
housekeeping; range; gas; $15 50; other
rooms cheap. ' • - ¦
VALENCIA, 12S — 3 furnished sunny rooms; al-
cove and kitchen; adults; references; large
porch.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st: ____!"___
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rate*
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping' rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 724: — Front bay-window sunny room;
nicely newly furn.; hot & cold water, bath,
phone; suitable for 2; 11 to 1 and 5 to 7.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooins?
35c. $1 60 night: $1 50, $6 wk. ; open all ntght.
ELLIS, C06 — Nice sunny suite of rooms; -fire-
place In both rooms.
ELLIS, 685, corner Larkin — Bay-window; al-
cove; closet and mantel; light housekeeping.
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 622 — Nice furnished rooms; bath and
gas. ¦ , '
GEARY. '1012, near Van Ness ave — 1 nicely fur-
nished room; use of kitchen and telephone.
GOLDEN GATE, 758 — Large sunny room sult-\
able for 2 gents; running water; $12; prlv.
GOUGH, 70C — 2 large unfurnished sunny rooms;
water; stove, gas; use of bath; no children.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
' Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single; el e vat.
HAYES, 071 — Nice front room, with or with-
out board; private family; terms reasonable.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome euites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a. day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.-
O'FARRELL, 797 — Elegantly furnished eunny
' rooms; strictly first-class.
POLK, 1002 — Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the I\-anhoe.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week, S2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
flooi ; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. .
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st."
TURK, 543 — Large front room with open or
folding bed; grate, gas and bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia et. - -' • . . ¦ ¦
* ROOMS AND BOARD.
BERTLING, 736 Bush — Elegant sljnny suits;
also single rooms; billiards for amusement
of guests; superior table; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Buena Vista will />pen to-day; newly
furnished; good table; in warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia Et.
HOTEL Dennistcn, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailms
fo£s; choice sunny suits; first class. •
THE Irvlngdale. C26 Eddy— Suite suitable tot
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board, $22 00 up; excellent table.
ELEGANTLY furnished single suite;
excellent board; private. 1048 Ellis st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — Hieh-class house;
suites & single; board optional ; steam heat.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates- to tourists.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS WANTED. ~~~
WANTED — Furnished room in exchange for
$100 lot, which will be worth probably $500 In
five years. Box 2811, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel, Black 1124* 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and MovTng~"co~
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. ¦ '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
eion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS. !
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture ¦ Moving Com-
pany, 2320 ' Fillmore st. ; phone .Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st~-
¦tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. )
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
g^e^t^argaIn^In^typewrIYeITs^w^
cell better machines for less, money than anv
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
;, Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. —Expert
. ¦ ;. typewriter doctors -.estimate free. 209 Sansome.'
WANTED — Second-hand Remington ' or Dins-
more; cheap for cash. Box 2821. Call office.¦ YOUNG GIRL WHOSE DISAP
PEARANCE PUZZLES HER
MOTHER AND THE POLICE.
SAN JOSE, Jan.- 15.— If the hopes. and
plans of Professor Paul Poze Plato, an
eccentric character of this city, are real-
San Jose Eccentric Turns
Financial King in
His Dreams.
WHEELS REVOLVE
AS PLATO DOZES
!The Board . of ; . Works \ requested the
Board, of Supervisors yesterday , to^ grant
it . permission : to I extend \ the j Army-street
sewer from San Bruno . avenue to^Islals
Creek.- The. estimated cost of the work is
$32,000. The expense will be paid by. the
city. ., ,. ¦¦,,'. .v!'-}.'.-,'.'i'^,v. ." : • : ¦•>
Army, Street Sewer Extension.
J. ,L. Bohannon and Addle* Epps. of .12
Turk street \ were held to answer , before
the Superior; Court by Judge Mogan',yes
terday on the felony - charge ' of ' obtaining
money by false pretenses. They were ac
cused of obtaining more than $300 from
Michael Mulvey of Portland,-Ore.,»by;al
leging that they could cure him -of cancer
in. the mouth.. They have yet to .be tried
for practicing medicine at 12 Turk street
without a license. , - * .
Bohannon and Epps . Held.
The robbery created quite a stir In
Chinatown and for a time it. was thought
that ' there had been a . recurrence of
trouble between the opposing highbinder
societies.
Jack Graney, alias Morgan, who es
caped 'from the Sacramento Jail three
weeks ago, : entered " a Chinese jewelry
store on Dupont street, near Clay, last
night and stole a tray of watches. v The
Chinaman gave chase ' and called for the
police.' Graney 'was seen running away
by " Detectives' 5 Wreir and Gibson, who
made a dash after him and soon overtook
him. Graney struggled with his captors,
but they overpowered .'him and took him
to the City Prison, where he was, locked
up on a charge of ¦ grand larceny. Sev
eral of the watches were lost during the
chase. .
Jack Gran ey, Jail-Break
er, Commits a Very
Daring Theft. /
ROBS CHINAMAN
OF HIS WATCHES
: All-wool- men's ¦ suits worth ' $18.00 for
$4.65 at the bankrupt sale of . the Boston,
773 Market "street;- near. Fourth, A
This Is Intended for "Everybody.
, Sapphire corsets," $2.50; Royal
corset, black, 51.25 quality,^ 65c? 'All'-cor
sets fitted. Chester - F;' Wright, ! 6 ; Geary
6t. cor.'Kearny; flrat floor upstairs. •
Corset Specials"; for; This ; Week.
Bridge Company Held, for Trial.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday held the .: San Francisco
Bridge Company , for ,' trial for working
their employes on a Government contract
for a longer period than eight hours a
day. - JBSBHHHHMBVUBMCnBI
•;- Secretary White of the, Society' for, the
Prevention of Cruelty- to. Children 1 applied
yesterday for letters of guardianship over
thetwo children of Albert -Raynaud,.. who
are located on the famous \ Biter ?; . baby
farm in • Marin< County. - Raynaud • states
that ". the . children 'were placed with the
Biters , by Mrs. • Lydla Prescott,.and ; that
she has not permitted him to remove them
to the homes of his relatives. - -
Wants to ¦ Regain His Children.
Mrs. Mary Wilton, 246 Taylor street, who
was attacked -by Martin .' McGreavy, a
street car conductor, .with ¦ a pair of brass
knuckles on; January S and brutally beat
en' swore to. a' complaint before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, charging McGreavy
with assault to murder. Since the assault
Mrs. „ Wilton has been* under treatment in
a hospital. ,. "
With' Brass Knuckles.
' McGreer was 'about 35 yearsof age and
was born in Chicago.*; He wasa resident
of the city: for about a : year and was em
ployed during , that 1 time ' at ; .-.-. the - Tivoli,
Grand Opera-house, Orpheum and Chutes.
He leaves a wife'and. one child. -¦"..¦"
Frederick B.McGreer, whose wonderful
handlings of; the (brush on sides, curtains
and transformation scenes . have so often
delighted the "patrons -of the 'Tivoli/ died
Tuesday morning ; at .'his!- home -on Cali
fornia „ street after an ' operation at- the
German Hospital. The , disease .which
necessitated the-, operation was one of
long standing, and his shattered constitu
tion failed. to stand the strain.: :
Frederick McGreer of Tivoli ',' Opera-
House Staff Unable to Rally
From ¦ Shock. ; :
scenic painter dies '
after' ; an operation
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Charles C. Low against Lela E.-Low for
cruelty, * Annie M. McDonald against "Wil
liam J. McDonald for failure to provide.
Lucky Annette Lowry against Russell
Lowry for failure to provide, Margarete
Holtlng against Christian <. Holtlng _for
cruelty, Johanna Smith against Milton J.
Smith for failure to provide and Reglna
Goldstein against Solomon Goldstein for
failure to provide. .
Lore tta Newhall,- who was married to
Fred S. NeWhall In July, 1899. Is suing
for an annulment of the marriage. She
claims she married without, the consent
of her parents or guardian, and that when
she became a wife she was not of legal
age. ; ' * _-• __' _ ,' ;
j Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Newton B. Ford from Elizabeth
Ford for desertion. Antonie Anna Mantke
from Adolph Mantke: for extreme cruelty
and "Wilhelmina Hanaell from Calvin E.
Hansell for habitual Intemperance.
Judge Hunt issued an order yesterday
directing John Clinton to pay to his wife
150 'per month for the support of herself
and children. -Mrs. Clinton, who filed a
suit for maintenance, claims that her hus
band deserted her.
Hunt's Court — Other Divorce
Matters.
Deserted Wife > Secures Aid in Judge
JOHN CLINTON" ORDERED
TO SUPPORT HIS FAMILY
Petition for His Removal as Assignee
of Pleasant Estate Is Given a
Hearing'.
The petition for the removal of George
R. Eaton as assignee of the estate of
"Mammy" Pleasant was given a hearing
in Judge Troutt's court yesterday. The
petition was filed by the creditors of the
old colored woman, who accuse Eaton of
being derelict in his duties. They also
claim that Mrs. Pleasant's estate is of a
greater value than reported, and ask for
the appointment of a receiver who will so
manage the property that they can secure
the payment of their claims.
Eaton was ordered some days ago to file
an account of his stewardship. He did so,
and the attorneys for the creditors Imme
diately filed objections to some of the
"items. A claim of 515.000 against the es
tate, which grew out of a note for $5000
executed in 1895 by Mrs. Teresa Bell and
Mrs. Pleasant, is the principal Item, it
Is claimed that the note, which is now
held by Eaton, was altered after It passed
" n £? «!" s ix>ssession. m that the clause
which provides that the note should draw
.merest at the rate of 3 per cent monthly
and compounded monthly was added.
The note has bten declared fictitious by
Judges Dunne and Seawell. and the attor
ne £F sou & ht yesterday to introduce as
evidence the proceedings of the contests
to determine its validity held before thes»
vUORes. The matter was continued until
*o-day.
The Mayor was furnished with an ex
planation yesterday by the Board of
Works as to why the construction of a
new lire alarm station in i the courtyard
of the City Hall has not yet been com
menced. The sum of $7500 was appro
priated in the tax budget last June, but
the board informed the Mayor that the
sum is insufficient. ; as the, building re*
quired by the Fire Department would cost
$15 <X)0. Mayor Schmitz was satisfied with
the explanation, but ; to-day he will ac
company the Fire Commissioners to Bren
ham place to give the subject a full in
vestigation. .'"-.' • -' '
Mayor Schmitz set for himself a her
culean task . yesterday when he declared
his intention to sign all demands on the
city treasury in excess of $230. Schmitz
.stated that his predecessor had not com
plied with the charter provision which
requires that every bill involving an ex
penditure of over $200 must be sent to
the Mayor for his approval. Schmitz is
of the opinion that the word "bill" refers
to warrants or demands, though it has
been understood to be a generic term for
resolutions or ordinances. Mayor Schmitz,
however, depisted in the work of sign
ing several hundred demands and decided
to consult his attorney before proceeding
any further.
prove Warrants in Excess of
Two Hundred Dollars.
Interprets Charter That He Must Ap-
MAYOR TO SIGN ALL
BIG DEMANDS ON CtTY
CREDITORS CHARGE. EATON
WITH MISMANAGEMENT
.Miss Nevill's attorney: and her mother
sought ¦ to calm her, but their endeavors
were :: wasted. She sank •; back into ¦?:'¦ her
chair, rested her arms on the table and
hid her face in them.' -Her sobs could be
heard throughout ' the - entire ; courtroom,
and so fierce was her agony that it seemed
as if her slight frame would be shaken
to pieces. ' ' : ' , ',
¦ Ch«yney felt his ' position :: keenly and
was decidedly uncomfortable . until .the
hysterical woman was led from. the court
room. He then ; went- on- with his „testi
mony. He said he never deceived Miss
Nevill, asserting that'he. never made -her
any promises ' of • marriage or :¦ ever held
out to her any hope that? she could ever,
become his wife. ,
Miss Nevill's outburst of yesterday was
a complete surprise to . those who have
watched and admired the.' demeanor of the
little -woman- since the commencement of
the suit.
Cheyney, her alleged husband, was on
the witness stand. He was telling of his
first meeting with Miss Nevill, and as he
proceeded with his tale she became excit
ed. He i denied every cnarge ; she ' made
against him, and denounced her testimony
given in' her own behalf as false.
As- he proceeded Miss 'Nevill's mother,
an elderly woman;, uponwhose face lines
of 4 care - and : worry . were traced; com
menced to: weep. The sight of her suf
fering excited, the plaintiff, and she
sobbed, out hysterically: "1 will kill that
man!" ¦' ' - - . ¦ ? :-. •. . •.¦;¦'
The little woman, who for weeks -has
been - compelled to sit quietly in a ; blg
courtroom and listen to the. story of her
life with Samuel W. Cheyney, the man
whose wife she claims to be, but who re
pudiates her, has certainly had a, nerve
racking experience, but up to; yesterday
she -gave' no sign of the burden, of grief
she was bearing. .
. "With her big blue eyes blazing with an
ger, Miss Maud Nevill stood yesterday in
Judge Sloss' court an example incarnate
of the truth in. the words of Congreve,
that hell hath "no fury like a woman
scorned." ";-5-'-'
"I will kill that man!"
Miss Maud Nevill Grows
Hysterical in Judge
Sloss' Court.
It is in -this collection of stamps that
the professor probably will reap a rich
reward. "For a number of years he has
made his home in this city, and he is
said- to be a landscape gardener. He
wears • a, linen duster and a cornucopia
sort of hat in the coldest weather. His
scheme here is not taken seriously, but
the unwary outsiders will undoubtedly
contribute to the cheerfulness about his
fireside this winter.
Contributions as a benevolent trust fund, for
my own personal expenditure, will be accept
ed subject, of course, to public criticism and
probationary observation, as I have no private
millions to devote to this work.
What Is there in thfe $1000 investment? The
most important answer is, safety, at least, for
your money. But my answer to conscientious
people would be, encouragement of public
spirited enterprise, improvement, progress. The
construction of the United States railway will
be a. great national .accomplishment, indus
trially, commercially, and as a source of pleas
ure for. the general, public; the ideal health
route, the great . honeymoon route, and espe
cially, an immediate benefit to the unemploy
ed. It is Intended to equip the United States
road with electric power, and otherwise, make
it a twentieth century enterprise, and from
the beginning, in every feature, to conform to
sanitary principles beyond the present time.
• • * If you consider yourself quali
fied to become a manager of this business,
please inclose one or two stamps for my list
Of questions.
The scheme proposed is said to be an
elaborate test of the industrial co-opera
tive system. A line of railway to extend
around the boundary of the United States
and to be known as the Union Circuit
Railway is proposed. It is said that
$500,000,000 will be required to complete it
and 500,000 people to capitalize it." He an
nounces it must be begun before the 1st
of May."
Individuals are asked to subscribe $1000
for ten shares. This is to be deposited in
a reliable bank, subject to the company's
draft as soon as 100,000 shares shall have
been subscribed. In addition to this the
sum of $1 must be deposited for prelim
inary expenses. A board of managers,
composed of ladles and gentlemen, is to
be appointed. . •
Professor Plato, as he '"styles, himself,
advances the following argument in his
circular: J .•»" ¦¦" ¦'*'
ized the United States boundaries • will
soon be girdled with a railroad that will
become a great honeymoon route. The
professor has just issued a circular;
which he Is sending broadcast through
the United States. That some persona
are taking the project seriously is appar
ent from the size of his mail receipts.
The missing girl was a regular attend
ant at the Methodist Episcopal Church at
the corner of '.California and Broderick
streets. She was also much Interested in
Sunday-school work. She had no sweet
heart and neA-er went out at night with
out her. mother or brother. She was a
great reader of classical works and rarely
read fiction. Her love for home And the
domestic- surroundings make- the ¦ disap
pearance all the more mysterious.
that calling.
eight years ago said that he was studying for
the ministry. He wore clerical clothes, though
he. would not strike. any one as .being fitted for
THREATENS LIFE
OF S. W. CHEYNEY
Bennett 'was here Saturday night, and be
fore taking a seat at a table requested the
waiter.? to • send any one to him ¦ that, might
call for h'm. He finished . his meal about 6
o'clock and"went out on the sidewalk. I know
no more about him. nor did any. one ask for
him., I am. positive that I did not see the
girl. Bennett,' as he*scalled himself, was a
man about 35 or 40 years old. He is a strong
fellow with broad shoulders and fair com
plexion. His -mustache is inclined to be red.
He stands 5 feet 11 inches. Bennett : about
• F. AV. Krone, proprietor of the restaur
ant, was seen last evening. He admitted
that he had known a man who had been
coming there for fifteen years on and on*
and who gave the name of "John Ben
nett." Krone does not know the man's
business nor is he aware of his address,
but thinks- that he comes into town from
the country. Continuing, Krone said:
If this latter does not reach you in time to
call i at . the . Popular - Restaurant. 55 - Geary
ttreet. at 1 o"clock, .call at C p. m. Ask at
the restaurant for Mr. Bennett.
JOHN BENNETT.
• The girl left home about 5 o'clock to be
at the appointed place at the time men
tioned -In the note. An hour later she
telephoned to her-brother. Lewis J. Par
ian, telling him that she was in the fifteen
hundred block on Geary street. Lewis
recognized her voice, in answer to a
question she said that she was with Ben
nett at his residence, this time saying,'
"At 1500 Geary street." She further said
that Bennett and his family were nice
people and would like her. to begin work
ing for them right away. Parlane asked
his sister to hold the" wire while he went
upstairs to inform their mother. He re
turned to the telephone, a few minutes
later and told Eleanor that her mother re
quested her to return home and on the
way to bring the provisions for Sunday,
she having taken money with her for.
that purpose. In reply she said that she
would go to the Bay City Market and
after making the purchase return straight,
home. While her voice sounded cheerful,
there was something that was; nervous in
the tone. Parlane left home soon after
ward to" attend a meeting of the board of
relief at the Masonic Temple on Post
street. When he returned about 11 o'clock
he Tound his mother in an anxious state.
His sister had not been home and no word
had been received from her. He hurried
to the Popular restaurant to find -it
closed and fearing that something had
happened hastened to the . address on
Geary street only to find it an empty lot.
He- made inquiries in the neighborhood
and next day reported the matter to the
police. Detective Coleman was detailed
on the case and though everything possible
has been done to trace; the girl and the
man who wrote under the name of "Ben
nett," all efforts have been fruitless. , j
•¦ box "1220. » ' ' ' ¦¦•¦: "¦ i - -' ¦¦¦
Eleanor, in reply to her application, re
ceived a note with the following direc
tions: , . ' ,
t.-. LEANOR MAUDE ' ¦ FULLER.
Jr .aged 15 years, has been missing
"^ from the home of her mother,
,Ji Mrs. .Alice Maude . Fuller, v 1747
Fulton street, since ¦' Saturday.'
evening last and from, the circumstances
surrounding . the disappearance • f oul . Play
is feared. ' :¦ . •'. : '
VMrs. v Fuller is the divorced wife or W.
W.-' Fuller, and being in*. . straitened cir
cumstances It was decided that. Eleanor
should t^ke a, position that would not.be.
Irksome and -yet bring in a small income.
She answered an advertisement: that ap
peared in a morning paper on Friday.
The advertisement read:;;
WANTED — 'A' young 'white' girl to take charge
of a child and do light housekeeping. Appiy
THE SAN FRANCISCO THURSDAY^ JANUAEY 16, 1902;
Eleanor Maude Fuller, Answering an Advertisement for a House
keeper, Goes to a, Restaurant on Geary Street to Meet Her
Prospective Employer and After That All Trace of Her Is Lost
GIRL MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARS
FROM THE HOME OF HER MOTHER
12
Shoe Values
at Kaufmann's you can't afford to miss
The importance of this sale is evident when you consider
that the goods are not a few odds and ends or old stock, but
are 'first-class, stylish, desirable shoes that sold for regular
prices before the holidays, and as certain lines are not .com-
plete in all sizes they are offered at these welcome reductions:
Ladies' ' kid lace shoes, medium* Small children's shoes, . in lace arid
round toe with patent leather tips. button, in kid and box calf, with
extension soles, as Rood a shoe as extension soles, the best shoes for
'J sold m the town for $2oO; price little tots; sizes 5 to 8, only 95c.
Boys' and youths' lace 'shoes.; made,
T o^;«» --~.;i,i c,™ v. ' • 1 j of- soft satin calf with heavy soles",
a n?s« eSi \ U Hi at money-saving reductions: sizes
and box calf, fairly heavy soles, kid 9 to 13, $1.10; n^ to 2 Jj?1.30-
ZcTs tips::pricere -: 4 to w^m. '
Men's $5 enamel, box calf : and vici
Ladies' high-cut rainy weather boots kj d shoes with double soles, stylish
(and it will rain shortly): closing . high-grade shoes, just the ; thing
out our regular $3, $4 and $5 lines for winter wear, the best of-shoe-
for ?2.85. ' / making exemplified; price reduced
Ladies' warm-lined Romeos. the Our. windows. are full of bargains; if
most comfortable foot ' covering: interested in buying fine ' hiRh-
for wear about the house these . grade shoes at a saying, you will
cold jlays, reduced to 8Oc ' find here something that will take
and 85c. your fancj'.
ceived. 832 MARKET ST..S.F "¦ eas y-
-OF- ,
This"! will be the Greatest Sac-
rifice Sale of. WOMEN'S GOWNS.
CHEMISES.V DRAWERS; COR-
SET COVERS AND SKIRTS ever
•held here. ;; _ : ;^i
- The garments Ton sale are made of best
muslins, cambrics and nainsooks, and are
trimmed with ¦ fine embroideries, laces, ' In-
: sertiona . and .headings;, made up . In - the
¦ newest spring styles. . We're in ' doubt
"whether many or these goods will be left
after . to-day , or ¦ to-m.orrow, so a word to
the wise is sufficient. ... '
: HERE'S A FEW OF THE PRICES.
NifflJ GOWNS.
The yoke, neck, sleeves and bretelles of
these gowns are ,j trimmed with fine . em-
. broideries, laces, . hemstitchings . and ln-
: sertions.' •
'39c for 65o . NIGHT : GOWNS.
43c for 75c NIGHT. GOWNS.
: «2c for ' S5c NIGHT GOWNS.
68c for $1.00 NIGHT GOWNS.
S9c for $1.25 NIGHT GOWNS. •
O3c for $1.50 -NIGHT. GOWNS.
DRAWERS, j
These drawers are trimmed with wide
-embroideries, laces and :. insertions. ¦; ' :¦
17c for 25c MUSLIN (DRAWERS.
19c for, 35c MUSLIN DRAWERS
32c for 50c MUSLIN
30c for 75c MUSLIN DRAWERS
61)cfor *1 MUSLIN DRAWERS.
WHITESKJRTS.
• , These i skirts are trimmed with wide em-
¦ broideries,' laces, insertions and hemstitch-
n §5c for' 65c SKIRTS. * ' .:
.69c for $1.00 SKIRTS.
- 89c for $1.25 SKIRTS." : V;
.« 94c for $1.50 SKIRTS.
*:«l«19,for $2.00 SKIRTS. •'
. $lJ*».forl$2.50|SKIRTS. ,.
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK;
:1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
and 'Jones.';'
Silks come first to-day. They deserve to.^ , .
Our 'regular stock of 85c PEAU DE SOIES, LOUISINES
AND TAFFETAS MARKED NOW 55c. Not because we have to—
because we want ! to. They are the very stuffs you want
for waists— all correct shades, too.
This lot of $1.25
Warp Printed Silks 89c.
They are set off with fancy satin stripes. It the popular silk "of the
day for waists. 22 inches wide; every color is good.
. In black silks
Our §1.00 Guaranteed taffetas
We think better of them than ever. We have had such !ew claims on
them that they must be even better than we think they-are. 23 inches wide.
If you are troubled with dandruff be treated by our hair specialist.
25c Empire Hair Gombs 5c.
They're hurt— in looks, that's all. ,
'•¦. The. polish has been slightly dulled. They re just as useful and desirable
as ever. Shell only /5c instead of 25c.
Empire Combs at 25c Each — In the newest effects. Some are plain, others
with fine turquoise quills.
Side Combs 25c Pair— In shell or amber; fancy, dainty designs that fit the
head perfectly.
Fine Bone Hairpins 10c a Dozen — Shell and amber, extra quality.
We've the nicest placa in thejeity for you to get your nails manicured.
White Cotton Towels 5c.
Huck-a-back weave, 17x37 inches. Big-, aren't they? Yes,
and fringed. ': Offered to-day for the first time. Only 60 dozen;
we wouldn't be surprised if they were all gone by night.
Others at Gj^c— Fringed with colored borders; 16x33 inches. They launder
up nice and soft.
Others at S l-3c — 18x36 inches; ;hemmed, colored borders.
Barbers' Towels 7Oc a Dozen — i-pui.sinches, soft, and they don't wear out
right away. " The more towels you need the more money you will save
if you buy now." For we have made the saving so tempting you will buy
dozens instead of by the half-dozen.
Buy Jiuck Towels Now.
Prices are lower than they are any other time. The towels are just zs
good as they ever are.
9£ cents for size 17x32. 12i cents for size 19x36.
11 cents for size 17x34. 15 cents for size 20x40.
We've the nicest place in the city for you to get your nails manicured.
ioc Wrapper Flannel at 7c.
Not a part of the white sale, but it's such an extra good bargain we must
pause a minute in our white talk to tell you about it. The patterns are all
nice dark ones, many Persian effects in stripes and clusters of patterns.
If you are troubled with dandruff be treated by our hair specialist.
near Sixth, ,/gy "~I>^ — -' -^£*=^ Gate Avenue.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
Hale's.
Still Continues
Wonderful values are now being offered in every department.
The several items here illustrated show how prices have been .
reduced in order to close out surplus stocks before inventory .
time, which. takes place Feb. ist.
; ....
Remarkable Sale of Corsets
Odd sizes in hundreds of good serviceable corsets, made of :
excellent materials, in 4 and 5 hooks, with long and short
hips— some trimmed with embroidery others with lace. All to
be sacrficed at the following reductions :
Styles that were $1.00 all reduced to
Styles that were 1.25 '
Styles that were i.jo 7.L
Styles that were 1.75 / %Jc a- pair
Ladies' Corset Waists
Clearance sale of the Genuine Jackson Corset Waists. They
are in all sizes 18 to 30, in Black, Drab, Pink and Blue., Sold
regularly here the other eleven months of the yenr --p
at $1.25 and $1.50 per pair . .... now / O
Sofa Cushions Reduced
Handsome ready to use Sofa Pillows, in embroidered, etched
and cross stitched — all dorse by hand— of some there is only one
of a kind and therefore offered at -wonderfully low prices.
Just a hint : . v
Embroidered Cushions that were $4.50, now $3.75
Embondered Cushions "that were. 7.50, now 5.25
Embroidered Cushions that were 9.00, now 6.50
Etched Gibson Cushions that were 5.35, now' 3.75-
Cross Stitched Cushions that were 9. 50, now 5.00
CleaiMip of Cushion Tops
Stamped and- tinted cushion tc£s — reproduction of the
celebrated Herald pictures — the 50c kind — in six j -p
different subjects — while they last, top with back, each D
German Woven Gufhion Tops, reduced frcm £r.co to
Odd Sizes in Knit Underwear
Sacrificed Prior to Stock Taking
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Union Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests,
Suits, in high neck and short and Pants; Vests with'lonjj; . "
sleeves, were $2.25 and frj.co, sleeves, originally sold up to
now $1.25. $1.75 each, now $ 1.25.-
Ladies' imported Swiss Ribbed : "£ .'>;'•- \\
Merino Union Suits, low neck' Ladies ' Imported Swiss Ribbed
and no sleeves, were S4.C0, W ° o1 Vests » !ow neck and no
now $2.00. sleeves, were $1.75, now $1.CO
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed .
Merino Union Suits, high neck Wool Vests> hi h neck and
and short sleeves, were $4. 50, n0 sleeves, were $ 1.25 now75c
now $3.00.
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Children's Imported S w i ss
Merino Union Suits, high neck Ribbed Wool Union Suits, high
; and long sleeves, were $5.00, neck and long sleeves, were
qpw$3.50. J £2.50, now $1.00.
See our Show Windows for Stock Taking Reductions
Rtavny and Sutkr Struts — — -
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
GOOD GROCERIES AT PRICES
LOWER EVEN THAN THOSE
QUOTED BT DEALERS SELUN'0
"INFERIOR" GROCERIES.
RANCH EGGS, 2 dozen. .55c
The very choicest
KONA COFFEE, Ib.......... 20c
That famous Hawaiian product.
Roasted or ground.
Regularly 25c.
TABLE FRUITS, 21-lb fin..... I5c
Peaches. Pears, Apricots and FTnuis.
Alpine brand — put up In heavy syruD.
Regularly 20c.
MALT EXTRACT, dozen $1.75
Schiller's Malt Extract.'
DRIPLESS STRAINERS, each... 10c
For Tea and Coffee, nickel plated.
Regularly 15c.
STRING BEANS, 2 tins 25c
ST. & W. Brand — !)„..„ £.1 An
Finest quality. Uozcn - • ..$I.4O
Regularly 15c a tin. $1 60 a doz.
OK WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 for $2.00
Gallon $3.00
Old, pure and wholesome.
Regularly $1 and $4.
BUTTER, 2 squares........ 1 . 75c
Choice Creamery — worth 43c a square.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED
CATALOGUE ON APPLICATION.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 8523.
f Makes eye-glasses andT
spectacles to order at moder-
ate cost. Expert mechanics
to do the work'.
For other eye troubles
consult your oculist.
1 , L 642 Market St. J
For Stomach Disorders.
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
yi|gjY
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
S££U BKOADWAT.' N. T.
DR.MCNULTY.
£ ZZ^U^Pn?^*"™-'**™* reasonable. Houm.
taUon free and sacredly con fldendaL Call or address
M , P ' ftosc <>E McXCLTY. 31.D.
g6fr» Kearnyst., Sag Francisco, C»l.
Oirr nnilll Corner Fourth «n4
ufti l nu iRL !F43LvB
values c&ecitid ir««
tjn*mvmmntm:i>\im
fr&' ¦:¦>'.' : 'The .. ;n ''e w.
li :.:fV^7)J :¦' styles in Ladies'
' V-lVtt • u\ ' S uit ? ! and : Gar-
VMvJ) K \ ¦ ments " arepe-
• / I c ° m P a nying
7 I ' illustration -is a
' / ' ¦ IV i.a i r-. sample.
'/¦¦•¦' •'"¦¦ "II ' 1\ . '¦; But when im-
¦4r-~-i. | ¦%,' 'bued with* the;
/^~~Z~*$=£z=iy\: ; h if? h - class
, V .^ \S w P r k manship;
-,0 s -- ' T^-^J^"^ and exquisite
finish of our
tailoring] department these, designs, as-
surrie" still greaterjbeauty. Our Karments
made to order from accurate measure
cost no more than ready-made ones and
are- infinitely superior. -
TAILORJ
P14" MARKET ST. • 5an Francisco
Hale's.