VOLUME XCI.-NO. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; 1902^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S BROTHER, NOW THE GUEST OF, THE AMERICAN NATION, AND -TWO OF^.THE :NOT
; ablepersons who '^Q^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0^^^^^^^vM^§^ wilhelm ; in
NEW ;Y0RK HARBOR AFTER A STQRMY VOYAGE ACROSS ! THE ATLANTIC. ¦•.;. ; ' ..'•¦•
.-Prince "Henry, attired- in the uniform of an admiral of the German navy and
surrounded by his naval. and military staff in brilliant .uniform, stood on the
. bridgeof -the liner. As -the naval, tug drew nearer.;, to .the side of- the steamship
Prince "Henry, arid Admiral, Evans caught sight of each other and exchanged
-PRINCE; HENRY; SALUTES, .THE AMERICAN FLAG.
Rear Admiral ;Robley D. Evkns, : commander of the special squadron and hon
orary, aid to the Prince/ left the flagship Illinois at 9:40 o'clock on the naval
V- tug Nina. "."With' him. were Captain "Converse, his chief of staff; Flag Lieutentant *
• Frederick .Chaplni' Ensign Frank. T.. Evans, aide, and Captain von Rebeur-Pasch
witz, .the naval attache; at; the Washing ton Embassy" of the German Government. :
They. were all in full dress uniform.. The Nina met the Kronprinz beyond Fort'
• .Wadsworth,. and, sailing, around on the starboard side of the liner \ steamed up
¦".,• the bay.' >. ! ; "• , : " - , ">¦ : ' , ."- -.
: The great storm against which the .Kronprinz .Wilhebn had struggled for
days and, which; had glazed the Atlantic coast- in an armor of ice,-had lost it3
force" and resigned^ its sway to warm. sunshine * and cheery blue skies, so thera
were.no regrets that the .royal guesVwasa fuil day late for ' the entertainment
provided* 'for him. The genius of Marconi, reaching out from the storm-swept
coast, had definitely ; located • the belated liner and made certain, the hour when
she would reach 'Sandy" Hook. There "was a. curtain' of fog, off the Hook . early
this morning, and it was' after 9 o'clock before the watchers caught the shad
owy lines \of- the cautiously, approaches liner.
; _ ., one guns;' the rifles, of a- special naval squadron assembled in his
honor t re-echoed the sentiment; there wero verbal, greetings from the represent
atives of President Roosevelt.' the army,, the navy and the city of New York, and
a. great crowd lined 5 the way into the city to see and cheer ,the sailor Prince of
Germany. ¦-•.;¦, ' " • . ¦ \
.¦^¦¦7-EW .YORK,, Feb. 23.— Prince Henry of Prussia, representative of his
, I\ I 'brother, the 'Emperor of Germany, - at the launching of «the latter's
I -%/ * American-built yacht,' reached New York to-day and was cordially wel-
V- . \ . comed as a guest of the nation. The land batteries that guard the
... outeV harbor sounded the first gi eeting in a ponderous salute of twenty-
Booming of War ship Guns
and Shrieking W histles
Welcome Stranger.
; TIC.' . Ew YORK, Feb. 23.— Prior to. his. departure Vfrom. Germany; it was, officially 'announced ;th'at;Prince Henry would
/ 1 / no * be interviewed, and to-day . he adhered < strictly ' to; this determination. 'Whatever, the Prince ; has to .' say ' for
/ ' XJ' publication will .be . given ou t i by a member his ; staff.' . Captain ; von": Mueller," aid • del- j^arnpr to'' : the German
¦^. ¦,.:»<¦ ', • .•^ in P eror ' who is authorized to speak not'only. for. Prince Henry; but.Mn- a measure, to ,voice ; the Emperor's own
. -views, said to-day in explanation" of ..the visit: " ; '"?'.:',-''''.'¦'¦ • ,'.' ¦'''-'¦¦'v'".' 1 ".'' '"' '
: ¦• ; ., . • i ; "When, the President, on i the] inquiry I of. \tHe- German: Emperor whether- Miss; RooseveltVwould ' perform
the ceremony of ' christening his . American-built ' yacht; had.i given, his , consent- ; in u a = /most| ; graceful (manner,' : his
Majesty resolved to show his regard for the President by. haying,himself |represented- by a prince of -his house :*on the. occa
sion of ;the launching. In contemplating; this courtesy"tlie" Emperor f remembered, 'the.,' pleasant-: relations "between -Prince
JI . eriTy .- A n^ • £ 1 "?, 1 -P e we y . and : ? ear A ( 3 mifal ; Evan's, | arid jj al so "; recalled ', that; hi a' brother ', on ; his return • from' China '/ had
expressea.-a strong.wlsh to visit the -United: States. /.This,, desirev' however, could not be : gratified at .'that ' time: "VMoreover.
the Emperor. was influenced by H the _t act that Prince 'Henry,; '.whenever he was abroad,, had always. won' the admiration and
esteem of those- with whom'.'he brought, Into contact^and had,'always succeeded; in ;bringing*a T tqne;"of •- kindness;** baseis
on mutual esteem, into the Internatlonarf elations.'rThls'.I^hink,' will-lndlc'ate the", teelihg; that actuated r the) Emperor In the
choice; of his brother as his .'representative'; on this ''pleasant' occasion. .' V '..'.' ;. t . ..;<• '•;.-.' ?*%i.U'
'i'"?^- ?, rlnce ls T er y grateful* that' the' EmperorJ selected him; for .this; mission. ¦ He is. delighted to | make the acquain
tance of .the great American' nation at' last^" and enjoy the ' honor.of meeting.; the excellent \ man I at v the : head . of ; lti - : It • had
been ; only.the stern command of duty -which prevented lihim^yjsiting-^the New^ World after hisVreturn from ; East China."..' "..'¦'¦
When Captain von Mueller's 'attention was, called. to tfe .various report^
¦ /
Continued on Fage Three-
Continued on Page T-wo.
Continued 'OXT. Page ;. Three. *
.; Captain Richter, commander of the Kronprinz, had hoped to make! a record
trip, but the weather was against hlnv He did not leave the bridge, except at
short intervals, during the entire voyage. Prince Henry spent much of his time
each day on the bridge. When . the captain expressed his disappointment because
he could not reach New York early on Saturday the Prince took occasion to coin-
PRINCE VISITS TEE STIEEAGE PASSENGERS.
Every morning after oreakfast the Prince took his constitutional around the
deck two or three times among the passengers; in fact, he was throughout .the
voyage thoroughly democratic. An artist for an illustrated weekly had been sent
by his paper to accompany tho. Prince. He was passing where- the Prince sat in
:he rmoking room on Tuesday night when Prince Henry hailed him, took his hand
and invited him to pit at the' table vith the royal party, where he chatted for
nearly an hour. . • . ?:,""•¦ ¦
Captain Richter had offered the Prince the captain's large table in the center
of the grand salon, but the royal traveler did not care to cause the regular pa
trons of the liner who had been assigned to those seats any inconvenience, and
declined to change.
Prince Henry and party occupied a table in a far corner, or sort of -wing of the
main dining salon. A partition ran half way across, hiding a part of the royal
table from a portion of the main dining-room; but the Prince requested, that the
greater part of the partition be taken down and the wide opening.thus made was
transformed into an arch and decorated. The change- made, the Prince's corner
seem more like a part of the main dining salon, and the passengers facing his
ecrner at meals could see him and his party plainly.
The voyage was without special incident. Prince Henry was a most
Democratic passenger, and the big company of his . fellow - voyagers
united in declaring him an amicable, charming and unassuming gentleman.
-jk j*EW YORK, Feb. 23.— The North Atlantic served to 'the. big Kronprinz
. f\ I Wilhelm five days of weather that tested Prince Henv's sea legs.
/ \/ But the Prince showed his sailorly qualities, and never '. missed a
Y meal. Each afternoon and evening, found him in the smoking: room,
and. in spite of wind, waves and spray, he spent hours on the bridge.
Royal Guest a Democratic
Passenger During Voy
age Across Atlantic.
WHITE HOUSE, FEBRUARY 23.— TO PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA, ABOARD THE HOHENZOLLERN, NEW YORK CITY: Accept m I thank you for your message. 7/>
the name of the American people I mil see you and look lorward to meeting you personally to-morrow. ¦ ; « ".':'¦ \h -THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
PRINCE HENRY RECEIVES A HEARTY
AMERICAN WELCOME AT NEW YORK
The San Francisco Call.MAN WHO TRIED SUICIDE BE
CAUSE HE WAS IN WANT OF
. Ambulance ' statlon<i V nr» v.i__ • .
Scliool Teachers Sail t™. ¦».-».
; NEW YORK, : Feb. 23 -The trT
McClellan, which left her dock veS. 0 "
and i anchored In the bay for th! • d £ y
putjo sea this afternoon on her ™& ht '
to Manila, by, way of ' Gibraltar and y ?£ e
Suez canal. -On board. the Mcriou?^ the
200 school teachers, most Jf whim l are
fromthe : middle States/ the loufh °Ta
• NEW YORK, Feb.' 23.— William Wild, a
young , : Englishman, arrived - here to-day
on ." the V Kronprinz Wilhelm, and ; a -few
hours later gave himself up. to the police"
saying that ; he had v robbed ' the Birming
ham,. England, firm of Walsh, ' Leavitt &
Co. of s Jewelry, valued at $5000.': After the
robbery .; he ¦; fled • to ¦ London and • then • to'
this country. "When searched he. had in
his. clothing thirteen large diamond, rings
some other Jewelry and J251 : in American'
money, besides a few.; sovereigns.,- He de
clared that his lonesomeness on finding
himself In-' America depressed him so that
he'-thqught-the best thing to do r was to
give himself up.
FUGITIVE FROM ENGLAND
V SURBENDERS TO POLICE
- Special Dispatch to The Call. \ ¦
LOS ANGELES, FebV 23.-Since the
present storm began !the rainfall in Los
Angeles has been 1.60 inches. Nowhere in
Southern California -has there ' been' a
fall of less than one inch.^ and. the Indi
cations to-night all over this section are
good for more rain. ¦ ¦
The. storm has come in time to save the
grain and hay crops, which in -the entire
south were threatened with destruction.
In many places even the second seeding
for grain which was done after-the long
! dry period following the November rain,
was in Jeopardy. Prior to. the doming of
this rain I orchardlsts generally had begun
to resort to irrigation almost as. generally
as during. the summer.. The sugar beet
men in the vicinity of Oxnard, and Ala
mitoK were exceedingly .>.. doubtful 'about
planting, but this rain has stopped irri
gation for the time being, and has made a'
large planting of beets; a certainty.
During: the past .fortnight' there > has
¦been some * loss among cattle V on the
ranges, but this rain will start feed grow-'
ing and no .further danger from this
cause Is anticipated. After the good rains
of last season large, herds of cattle were
shipped into replace the herds shipped
out during the dry - seasons of the » three
preceding years. These cattle, could not
be shipped out this season- on account of
the quarantine against "• this section, and
cattle men were fearful:lest a dry Beason
would reduce. the, herds brought In. ,
If good rains- come between now and
the end of March Southern California will
have the best crops in' its -history.-.. .
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 23.-The rain of - the
past two days. : though - exceedingly light
and. not. sufficient to last lor. long against
dry weather or dryinz winds, did. a world'
LONDON, Feb. 24.— The. St. Petersburg
correspondent of the; Daily Express says
that the police, learning that some 500 stu
dents had arranged a meeting to be held
in a certain theater last Friday night,
O.uickly filled the galleries of. the theater
•with. a thousand Ovornlks. After the per
formance had ended at midnight the stu
dents remained '. In the ' pit, : the ¦ Dv6rniks
still ; In the gallery. At 3 o'clock: in • the
morning,'-; at a given signal, the Dvorniks
suddenly descended and attacked the stu
dents, beating : them with clubs ina most
brutal manner. The -students had arms
and ribs broken and some of them were
killed.:- A. large number' of.; them have
been sent to hospitals, .while others have
teen imprisoned. * - , ¦ ¦
DVORNIKS; MAKE ATTACK . ¦
ON RUSSIAN STUDENTS
EXPLOSION" OF DYNAMITE
SCATTERS GREAT LOGS
Discharged 3Ien Are Suspected of
Having Set Loose Two Gigantic
-:.;.", Booms.-~
TA.COMA, Wash., Feb. 23.— For some
unknown reason two immense log booms
on the Humptulips River, near Hoqulam,
were blown loose by dynamite three days
ago. Between twelve and fifteen million
feet of logs were turned loose and are
now floating down the river into Grays
Harbor and becoming mixed with other
logs. The loss Is sustained entirely by
the Humptulfps Boom Company, which
.constructed large booms on the upper
Humptulips. where logging operations are
being extensively carried on. .
Two terrific explosions at the log boom
were heard Thursday, morning by boom
tenders, who were blown from their beds
some distance away by the force. When
they reached the bank of the river the
booms had broken loose and as the river
is running very high they could do noth
ing toward stopping the loss of the logs.
During the day they fished up a sack con
taining 131 sticks of dynamite and caught
another sack containing a large quantity.
Officers of the boom company believe that
several men discharged some time ago are
responsible for the dynamiting.
•
The Vote Against Phelps.
STOCKTON, Feb. 23.— Through an error
of the telegrapher the vote by which the.
Republican County Committee repudiated
the candidacy of J. L. Phelps for the
Stockton postofflce was reported as 54 to
4. The figures should have been 34 to 4.
Special Train Beats Schedule Time.
MARSHALJTTOWN, Iowa, Feb. 23.—
Seward "Webb's special train, en routs
from New York to San Francisco, passed
here at 6:05 p. m.. fifty- two minutes ahead
lot schedule. •
Crops in the South Profit
From a Timely Jj
Downpour. • . ;
The Teutonic, from Liverpool, reports
that February 18 she exchanged night
s.'grjals with a North German Lloyd
steamer, apparently having a large
steamer In. tow, bound west.
The steamer Georglc, from Liverpool,
reports that on February 12 she fell in
with the Philadelphian with propeller
loose. The Georgia took the Phlladelphlan
m tow, but the hawser parted. . Owing to
a heavy, gale and ' sea the Georglc was
obliged, to leave the Phlladelphfan and
proceeded. / . < .
RAIN GLADDENS
THE FARMERS
BREMEN, Feb. 23.— It is announced
ltre that ' the North German Lloyd
steamer Neckar, from Bremen February
a for New York, has been seen towing the
Leyland steamer Phlladelphlan, Captain
/Trant, from Eiverpool February 7 for
Boston, toward Halifax.
Big Liner of the North German. Lloyd
Company Now Has Her in :
*- s. Tow. .
STEAMEB PHILADELPHIAN
IS DISABLED. IN MEDOCE AN
: STOCKTON, -J Feb. ? 23.^Stockton experl
enced some of the most severe weather of
the season -tOTday.'-.- Early, this morning a
steady downpour- set-in.and- continued all
day, with a strong, wind from the -south-'
w . est \. T °-night the wind/is from the same
direction with -an overcast - sky , and ; fine
indications for, hiore rain morning
TRACY, rFeb. i '23.-The' storm Is -still on
and , the be3fvrainfall for the season to
date was recorded tOrday. The precipita
tion has been one and. sixty-five . hun
?I e £i hs i or ?t"ej5torni and for the season
to date five inches and = seven hundredths.
Grass is in splendid condition.— •
SANTA Eeb. 23.-The worst
storm of the season is '¦ now •¦ raglne here'
Since midnight . last night I rain ¦ hp.s j been
falling and to-night it. appears to be rain
ing harder . than ever.'- The ' fall ' so 'far Is
about three Inches. The total for the sea
son is now a Jittle over twenty Inches -The
rivers _and '^creeks are \ booming . and . • the
ground < is full of ¦ water. *. The low lands
about Cotatl'are flooded and . the ' marsh el
below Petaluma are covered -
Feb. 23.-The rainstorrri
that has been in progress with ; more 6r
less severity In, Shasta 1 County since-. the
beginning of , the present month ¦ Increased
\U U J? t 0 -^- Rain fell fast throughout
&£'¦ ? J « l A h , ever X. Prospect 'of com.lnu-
Jl e n ln^ finIt , ely - The t Sa cramento ; River
™^4?i o n t 5 ?£ agal . n rlsln S- 'V- The season's
rainfall at this point ¦ now , measures over
thirty-four .:= Inches. ,- Fourteen-; inches :(of
that amount fell during the past -three
weeks. .. ';* .' • ;. .:->.¦ ;¦; . -'¦ ' .,:. . .-.¦* .
¦ . SAN JOSE,' . Feb. . 23.— It i began to -rain
here .again to-day and; 1.25 , inches'. was
" e^ l ? te u edt ? mld . nIghtt ° :ni sht,ia, total of
<.22 Inches. fon the, season. .Crops fare In
uerfect condition.
Early sown grain germinated after the
rains of a month ago and was Just need
ing water when Vthe rain of yesterday
morning came.- When the rain of a month
ago put heart into the ranchers they
turned over more land and seeded it. "This
latest rain wtll bring it to the surface. ,
This end of the State j is on the ragged
edge of not , enough, rain, and could take
care of a great. deal more, but' with an
other' Inch. .or ¦, two >' inches properly'dls
trlbuted considerable • wheat ¦ will be har
vested. A big rain in' the mountains to
fill the , reservoirs of 1 the big water sys
tems.;Js what" is - wanted : .' for the fruit
crops/There was a little rain this morn
ing andthe sky 1st still .overcast. For the
twenty-fourfhours. ending. at- 6 p. m. the
precipitation was .03.;.'-: .-,,-:>¦' >¦•.
of good. The seasonal fall Is far : behlnd
that of previous years, but the precipita
tion has come at times when it. has done
all the good that it was possible for it to
do. ¦-•¦-•
a wooden man squirm with laughter.
Emerson possessed a singularly sweet
tenor voice, and when he chose he could
render , classical music with finish and
power. ' .• .- : .¦¦¦_. ¦
j Personally he was a man of splendid
presence and a fashion plate in dress. He
was not fond of work, and more especially
in the last few years it was almost Im
possible to secure him for an engagement,
even on the most liberal terms. Despite
his successes In the minstrel business he
tired of that branch of the work and
cherished a desire .to sing in concert.
None of these tours were particularly suc
cessful from a financial point of view. •
The news of Emerson's death was first
received in this city in a telegram from'
Toby Lyons, the Boston baseball man, to
Harry. Orndorff, stage . manager of ; the
Orpheum. Some.months ago Ferris Hart
man and others were talking of giving a
benefit for the veteran minstrel, but' for
some reason the matter was dropped.'
Among the songs which Emerson ren
dered famous were "Happy as a Big Sun
flower;".-"Are Ye There. Morlarity?"
Could I Only Back the Winner" and a
ecore of others whose titles would bring
a smile of joyous remembrance to thea
ter-goers of a decade or two ago. His
imitation of an Italian tenor would make
Emerson's Famous Songs.
attested the high esteem in which he was
held? ' -
• Emerson made a large amount of money
curing his stage career and commanded
the highest salary of any minstrel man in
the business, but he died In poverty. He
was lavish in the expenditure of his
money; and generous beyond reason. His
personality was charming, and theatrical
men discussing his death last night re
counted many anecdotes of his lovable
ness and charity. He . was a splendid
mimic, and off as well as on the stage al
ways kept his auditors in a merry mood.
NOTED AND HIGH SALARIED BLACKFACED COMEDIAN, WHO DIED
IN BOSTON SATURDAY AND WHO WILL BE WELL REMEM
•¦ BERED IN THIS CITY, WHERE HE OFTEN APPEARED. •
Number of Religious Itenominations
in Cities Depends on Size of
Population.
HAVANA, Feb. 23.— At an evangelical
meeting of all the Protestant sects r in
Cuba at a missionary conference* In Cien
fuegos it was voted to have only one re
llglous denomination In cities of 6000 in
habitants, two denominations in cities of
15,000 inhabitants and three denomination^
in cities of 25.000. Eleven sects were rep
resented and thirty-five clergymen were
present.
Billy ¦ Emerson . was one of the most
popular men In the theatrical business
who ever visited r the Pacific coast, and
many regrets were voiced at the news of
his death. San Francisco played a promi
nent part In his career, and some of his
greatest, successes w«re made here. He
had the old Standard Theater on Bush
street in the seventies, and gathered
around him a coterie of singers and
comedians that for brilliancy and ability
has seldom been equaled anywhere.
Among them were Billy Birch, Charlie
Reed. Harry Wyatt. J. H. Frohman. the
noted basso; Chauncey Olcott, T. B. Dix
on, Carroll Johnson, Charley Seaman,
Coglll brothers, Wilson and Cameron, and
a host of others whose names were fa
miliar to theater-goers twenty years ago.
Bijou Theater Built for Him.
In 1S90 the Bijou Theater was built for
Emerson, on . the site of the present
Spreckels market. Somehow bad luck
haunted the house, and it was not a
financial success, despite the magic of
Emerson's name and his goodly company.
One night the performance was given by
candle light, because the gas bill was irf
arrears and the supply had been shut off.
Eight years ago Emerson made his last
appearance in San Francisco, playing at
the California Theater, and his welcome
PROTESTANTS OF CUBA
MEET IN CONFERENCE
BOSTON, Feb. 23.— William Emer
son Richmond., br,- as '"he- was
familiarly known, Billy Emer
son, the famous minstrel, died
last night at Diman's Hotel, on
Elliott street, where he had lived for sev
eral months past. Death was caused by
consumption. The deceased actor was 56
years of age, and a native of Belfast, Ire
land, coming to this country when a year
old. His first stage appearance was In
1857 with Joe Sweeny's minstrels as '* a •
balladist and Jig dancer. During the lat
. ter part of his career he is said to have
received the highest Balary ever paid to an :
jndividual performer In minstrelsy.
Inspects the Illinois.
The Prince boarJed the tug Nina *tV*i
o'clock to repay his calls. He vraJ^«£L? :3 °
panled bygone aid and AdmirVEvan 0 . 0 !?.;
Ensigns Evans and Chapln. He vfsited
the. navy yard first, called on Admiral i
Barker and then Governors Island^ whl?i
he called on General BrookV From rn ?
ernors Island the tug proceeded
battleship Illinois, where he caH^ «2 V\ e
miral Evans and Inspected ?he ah?n A?'
was received by the : squadron Sin" thl
honors due ; his, rank. From th^Tm« i
the Prince returned to the pier at Ti!l n ? ls i
fourth street and went on board * Thl 2 y *
henzollern for dinner. °oard the Ho-
'?J he ¦ 1 ?l2 W A ln ' lt . e ' S to thls luncheon
those of the Americans among his caller3
who represented the navy, and besid-s
these there were at the board the mem
bers of the Prince's suite and members of
the German Embassy in Washington. On
Prince Henry's right sat the highest rep
resentative of^he Emperor in this coun
try, Embassador von Holleben, and on his
left Admiral Evans. Next to the Embas!
sador on the Prince's right sat Cantaln
Converse of the : Illinois and the othe?
Americans present at the luncheon were
The luncheon, which was Informal m«
finished at 3 o'clock and then the Prince
announced to His guests that he would re
•pay this afternoon all his official vlsitV
He told Admiral Evans he would be 2l£d
to see the latest built battleships of th«
American navy. ¦ tfto
Greetings From Army and Navy.
The first of his callers to arrive after he
had boarded the Hohenzollern was Gen
eral Brooke. .U. S. A., accompanied by
two aids. Admiral Barker and his aid
Captain West, representing the United
States navy, followed, afid then came
the German Embassador at Washington
and his brilliantly attired suite of mili
tary and naval attaches and - secretaries
and the military attache of the German
Government at Mexicoj Lieutenant Bar
tels. Following the German Embassador
came the special representatives of the
President_of the United States, headed by
Dr. Hill, First Assistant Secretary of
State and Including General Corbln. Col
onel Blngham and Commander Cowles
brother-in-law of the President. v ' owies '
Captain Nathan Sargeant then called
upon the Prince as the special reDre
sentatlve of Admiral Dewey. The cap
tain said that he had been sent by the ad
miral especially to express to the Prince
the admiral's regret at not being able to
greet him personally and to pay his re
sp .?£ ts \. lh , e llst of calIeriB was ended
with the Mavor's party, which included
himself and his private secretary. The
German Consul General at New York and
his suite^ formed a part of the German
Embassador's party.
About an. hour was spent by the Prince
in receiving his callers and In making an
admiral's inspection of the troops and
crew of the Hohenzollern. Then followed
a luncheon^THMjgysfcgwaBBHlftwm
The last greeting In the run up the river
was from the Imperial yacht Hohenzol
lern, which is to be the home of the Prince
while in New York. She bore a full dress
of flags, and her white paint with Its
trimmings of gold shone in the brilliant
sun. Her jackles wore new uniforms and
straw hats and manned the sides, while
the officers in full dress uniforms were
drawn up on the deck. Tne Prince smiled
at the sight of her, and again stepping to
the end^of the rail saluted. Tha Jackles
of the Hohenzollern gave a lusty cheer
and the Prince smiled and saluted again.
The Kronprinz was abreast of the pier
at noon and was quickly warped Into her
berth, but there was some delay in getting
a gangway arranged. •
There was no demonstration at Recrea
tion pier, for the Prince was not seen by
th , e ,? r reat crowd that choked up the end
Prince Henry disembarked at 12:35
o clock, at that moment walking down the
d^?,u r£ i ted , gangway from the Kronprinz
Wilhelrn into the elaborately decorated
pier. He then passed through an orna
mental gangway and arch to the gang
plank of the Hohenzollern, which had
been decorated in the German colors and
was covered half Its length. The Prince
was^met at the bottom of the gangplank
py Admiral von Baudlssin, commander of
the Hohenzollern, and his officers. Mean
while the band from the Kronprinz Wil
helm was playing the German national
air. Taking the precedence due to his
rank. Prince Henry walked up the plank
followed by the officers of the Hohenzol
lern. ,
appreciation of. the warm welcome ex
tended to him. ¦
i The first of the large crowds was met at
the Battery j and, from there on up to Rec
reation-pier, where the -largest crowd of
all had gathered, every pier to which ad
mission was. not denied was partly filled.
t Th« number of -river craft also Increased %
and the.vwelcome/was.a-'noisy-one. ¦- The
crossing ; ferry-boats ' sounded their whis
tles: and. the, ever-Increasing fleet of tug
boats kept up their noise. 'The big liners
in port were dressed, and the German col
ors were'dlsplayedat several'polnts along
the. harbor shares.^.The : Prince frequently
came to " the side - and either 'saluted or
waved - his ¦ hand ', in .; ackno weldgmant. To
the Americans ; present j he expressed • his
After a brief halt the liner moved ahead,
and at 10:50 o'clock was abreast of the
special squadron off Tompkinsvllle. " The
German standard was run to the foretop
of tfle Kronprinz, and Its appearance gave
the signal to the American fleet to salute.
The San Francisco, Cincinnati, Olympia
and Illinois lay in perfect alignment in
the order, named and made an attractive
picture, with their crews manning sides,
turrets and tops. They raised the German
naval standard and then opened blank
fire. The Prince stood at attention on the
bridge, and. back of him ; were Admiral
Evans and his staff and the numerous
suite of the German visitor. The Prince
and his, staff were especially Interested
In the Illinois and Olympia, and . offered
warm ' congratulations to the American
admiral on the splendid appearance of his
squadron. The . Prince said that he ; was
very anxious to visit- the squadron, and
that he would do that at the earliest mo
ment.
As the Kronprinz .cleared Tompklnsville
the fleet of small craft around, her In
creased, and they, kept their whistles
sounding. A' crowded ferry-boat Joined
the others, and In response to the cheers
of the passengers the Prince went to the
end of the bridge and touched his cap In
salute. '•; Tnere was a rush to the side of
the ferry-boat that carried her over on a
list that* looked \dangerous. When the
Kronprinz came abreast 6f Governor's Is
land there was another salute, and- the
Prince again stood at attention until the
last of* the twenty-one guns was fired.
Sj New York and surroundings have rare
ly shown to greater.'advantage than to-
2 a . y tA n the sunlight; - with the • added
brightness that came from the glistening
coating of snow, and the royal visitor did
not leave the bridge during the run up
the -bay. \ He ¦ said that -he was at last
gratifying an old ambition -In '-"> vlsitinjr
New .York, and asked that the points of
interest be shown him and the geograph
ical bearings explained. - He knew of the
Statue of. Liberty, , Brooklyn -Bridge and
the ; Battery, and had heard the fame of
the tall buildings." : The, latter towered
high : in • the clear \ light and the * Prince
viewed them with keen interest as; the
Kronprinz swung: Into North River: The
famed ' sky line •, that shows so well from
the: Jersey shore ; caught-, his attention
and,, he watched .it ', until a -tooting tug
claimed a salute, i.) ¦ .
Royal Quest . Boards Hohenzollern. >
Guns Roar Out a Welcome.
. Admiral Evans expressed gratification
at the fhoughtfulness of the Emperor. He
presented the, members of his staff, and
the Prince gave each a hearty handshake
and a cordial word. The newspaper corre
spondents . who .are' to accompany the
Prince In his tour' through the country
were introduced by the admiral. The
Prince, who was in excellent spirits,
smiled when he faced the - newspaper
writers, and after the formal part of the
presentation said he was "quite sure that
their relations would be very happy."
"I thank you, sir, and through you the
people of your country," replied the
Prince. "I am very glad to be here, and
on this splendid day. The Emperor di
rected me to convey his compliments to
you, admiral, and I do so with very great
pleasure." - ( .
"I am very glad to see you, sir," said
the admiral. "Everybody in the United
States is waiting to welcome you. It is
my pleasure, sir, to formally greet you in
their behalf." -
Admiral Evans was escorted forward at
once, and in the quarters of Captain A.
Richter, master of the Kronprinz, he and
the Prince met. The Prince came for
ward, and taking the hand of the naval
officer, shook it warmly.
informal salutes. The distance from
steamer to tug was too great for conver
sation, however. As the two vessels,
with a flotilla of tugs and official craft,
moved in past Fort Wadsworth the first
of the salutes of twenty-one guns was
hred. As the first gun sounded the Prince
advanced to the end of the bridge of the
Kronprinz Wilhelm and stood at atten
tion. As he passed the big American flag
floating over the fortification he raised
his cap in salute, and the members of his
suite did likewise. The flag at the Jack
staff of the . Kronprinz Wilhelm was
dipped, and the German naval band ac
companying the Prince played "The Star
spangled Banner." The ' guns of Fort
Wadsworth were not silent before those
across .the Narrows at Fort Hamilton
boomed out their salute. When that cere
mony was over the Kronprinz was
btopped and the Nina hauled around to
herport side, and Admiral Evans and his
staff boarded her. The passengers were
gathered on the main deck and there was
a hearty cheer as the admiral came upon
the gangway.
It Is understood the conferences among
the Senators have shown the existence of
a considerable sentiment that the apolo
gies made by the South Carolina Senators
are not deemed sufficient, and that the
committee will require other , and . more
ample apologies to be submitted to it in
writing, with the assurance that such
apologies will be made to the Senate be
fore a report will be made to the effect
.that the Senators have sufficiently purged
themselves of the contempt of which the
Senate has adjudged them guilty.
The whole affair, as stated in the Sen
ate debate yesterday, is without prece
dent, and the Senate is now to make a
precedent In the matter of punishment
and in requiring sufficient apology. The
conferences to-day developed the fact that
the Senators regard the. problem. with all
the seriousness with which' they dealt
with it yesterday, and that they Intend to
take such action as, will prevent, if possi
ble, similar episodes occurring in . the
future. .
Senator Burrows is : chairman of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
He said to-night that, In advance of any
meeting of the committee, he could not
say what would be done, but he added
that the affair was of such serious import
that it must receive careful consideration.
It will be a day or two before the com
mittee meets to take up the resolution re
ferred to it by the Senate.
During that entire time South Carolina
will have no representative in the upper
house, and action upon several important
measures may be affected by the loss of
these. two votes.
WASHINGTON, D, C, Feb. 23.— The
topic of chief interest In Senatorial circles
to-day— In fact everywhere in official
Washington— was the fight in the Senate
yesterday between Senators Tillman and
McLaurin of South Carolina. There have
been a number of conferences among Sena
tors as to what should be done to preserve
the dignity of the Senate and to manifest
its sentiment with reference to the two
Senators who violated its traditions.
While no plan of procedure has* been
agreed upon it is learned that there will
be very deliberate action, and it is said
to be more than likely that not less than
thirty days will elapse before the South
Carolina Senators are restored to their
full power as Senators, this deliberation in
their case being in the nature of a pun
ishment,, since they will not be allowed to
address the Senate or vote until 'no longer
In contempt-of the Senate. - ..
South Carolina May Be Unrepre-
sented for Many Days.
ONE RESULT OF; COMBAT.
Continued From Page One.
Fire in a Tennessee Town.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 24.— A tele
phone message from Hartayllle, Tenn., at
1:30 o'clock this (Monday) morning says
the entire south side of the business por
tion of Main street has been destroyed by
fire. Loss $50,000. The fire Is under con
trol.
BOOMING OF GUIS WELCOMES STRANGER
A Senator is authority for the story that
McLaurin last, night wrote a challenge for
a duel, and, wanted Senator Prltchard to
be his second and. convey the challenge
to Tillman. Pritchard told McLaurin ne
was making a fool of himself, and pre
vailed upon him to tear, up the challenge.
I Everybody here who knows the two men
says another personal encounter Is inevi
table.. Both are fighters, ¦ and as soon as
they meet at some place where allega
tions are made by one or the other it is
expected they will, come together, and flsts
may not be the weapons used. :•'
/A blackened .and bruised knuckle on
Senator Tillman's left hand and a swollen
lump', on -Senator* ••McLaurln's ¦ forehead
above the right eyebrow are the only visi
ble ".marks remaining of the first actual,
physical encounter, that ever occurred on
the floor of the United States Senate.
Tillman may be punished with expulsion
from the Senate. There are many Repub
licans who Justify McLaurih's denuncia
tion of Tillman'8 accusations. Tillman,
It Is : said, believes he will escape with a
suspension and probably a resolution of
censure. .¦ <¦• ¦¦* ,..¦_ ¦¦> 7.
NEW; YORK, Feb'. 23.— The World has
the following;" from"Washington: Presi
dent Roosevelt decided this afternoon to
retail Senator Tillman's Invitation tcr the
state; banquet to Prince Henryat the White
House^ to-morrow night: He does not be
lieve that a "Senator in contempt of the
Senate can fittingly ; attend a ; state ban
quet. If Tillman does': not send his re
grets by noon to-morrow he will be noti
fied thati his invitation has been recalled.
McLaurin would be treated the same way
ifhe had been invited.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
McLaurin Writes Out a .Challenge
for a Duel, but Is Induced by
, a Friend, to. Tear
>\;V .\7lt\Up.:
¦Will Not- Permit Him to At
tend Banquet to Prince
Henry.
Bars y ; Pugilistic Senator
Prom White House
Functions.
Although Adrian is the owner of $30,000
x worth of real estate, he spent the last
half dollar he had to buy a rubber tube
•with wliich to aid him in his attempt at
suicide. He attached this to the gas jet
In his ioom, put the other end In his
mouth and lay down to die. He Is sorry
for it now, and says that he will not
renew tha atemDt.
He attributes his desire to die to de
spondency over the fact that his prop
erty is somewhat involved and he has
been unable to draw any benefit from it.
The most valuable piece of property
owned by him Is a ranch in Merced Coun
ty, estimated to be worth $20,000. Hl3
wife died in Minnesota last fall, and as
this was the homestead the management
of the property was thrown into the Pro
bate Court, pending the settlement of the
estate. It became necessary for Adrian
to secure the services of lawyers. First
he tried a Modesto attorney, who, he
says, proved unsatisfactory. Then he en
gaged a local lawyer to look after his
legal interests. According to Adrian, this
lawyer ! took everything that hove In
sight In the way of dividends as part
. payment for his legal services. Satur
day Adrian found himself without money.
He says he went to the lawyer and offered
him a pawn ticket for a watch on which
he asked an advance sufficient to pay
room rent. The lawyer took the ticket,
according to Adrian's story, redeemed the
watch and kept it, but refused to give
Adrian anymone^.
. Laboring under the despondency pro
duced by. this last unklndness, Adrian
concluded to end his troubles by killing
himself. He has many friends and ac
quaintances in this city who would have
aided ! him if he had made known his
condition, but his pride, he says, prevent
ed him asking for assistance. His home
is in Merced County, but he has been
stopping in San Francisco for several
months. ,.*:¦'„•
town lots in Toledo, Ohio, tried to
commit suicide yesterday morning at the
Florence lodging-house on Powell and
Ellis streets. .He was discovered by the
porter of the house. In an unconscious
cendition, but by the prompt attention of
Dr. Bohm : was resuscitated and pro
nounced out of danger after several hours*
treatment. -
//**& EORGB C. ADRIAN, a German
ft • TT who ' as Iar^ e real estate hold-
II I ings In Merced 'and San Luis
>^iV Obispo counties. In this State, and
Passing of Noted Minstrel Whose Name and Fame Were Familiar
to Sari Francisco Theater-Goers in the Old Days*
PRESIDENT'S
REBUKE TO
TILLMAN
DEATH BRINGS DOWN CURTAIN
FOR LOVABLE BILLY EMERSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/ FEBRUARY 24, 1902,
LAST MONEY EXPENDED
IN AN EFFORT TO DIE
George Adria'n Has Much Land, but No Cash, and
Attempts Suicide While Despondent,
2
Tha. way. SaJva-ceacure* 'Pile* * (
. * ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jill Humors
Are impure matters which the skin,
lh'er, kidneys and other organs cannot
take care of without help, there is such
an accumulation of them. ,
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema and other
eruptions, loss of appetite, that tired
feeling, bilious turns, fits of . indiges-
tion, dull headaches and many other
troubles are due to them.
Hood's SarsapariUa
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all their
effects, strengthen, tone and invigorate
the whole system.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed 011
requtft. C. 1/ HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
Ttis rig-nature Is on erei/ box of the gentrfna
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tawet»
tb« rtmadjr that cores a cold In one day.
; SUMMER RESORTS.
BAY STATE BOUSE,
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
On MARCH 1 MRS. LTDIA MATHISON will
open the Bay StaU House and Cottages for tfeo
season.
Those who know tha lady's wlda reputation
for good cooking will readily understand that
the table will be tha chief feature of the men-
age of the Bay Stats under her management,
but In addition tha house offers tha' great at-
traction of being- beautifully situated on Beach
Hill. In closa proximity to tha bathing beach.
Its many nleasaat. sunny rooms have been
newly furnished and refitted. Mrs. Mathison
offers to her patrons at moderate rates an at-
tractive home for either the summer or winter,
as tha house will ba open tha year round.
For terms address:
MRS. LYDIA MATHTSON.
Bay Stata House and Cottages. -
Santa Cruz. CaL -
JOHN J. ET7LTON CO.
Four City
Physicians
Bright's Disease and Diabetes Are
Positively Curable.
M RS. THOMAS CHJUSTAU OB" 428 TWEJC.
* " ty- seventh street, San Francisco, Infer-
Tlewed:
Q. — May we refer to you as one of thosa
cured of Brlshfs Disease?
A. — You may.
Q. — How did you know It wu Bright** Dl»-
ease? '
A.~I had four physicians, all of whom atid
it was Bright" b Disease, far advanced. I was
so swollen with the dropsy that I . had to be
moved in sheets, being unable to help myself.
Tne pain was intense . night and day. X war
pronounced Incurable and \ad fully reconciled
myself to the Inevitable when a neighbor told
me 'of the Fulton Cure.
Q. — What waa the effect?
..A. — For nearly three weeka there was no
apparent - effect. But about the twentieth day
! I noticed the dropvy'waa leaving and my sleep
was of longer Intervals. I Improved steadily
-after that. I took over four dozen be'ore I
was perfectly well.
Q.— Who was the neighbor who told you?
A. — He was » Mr. M , Uvlns close by.
Q.— How did he happen to ten youT
I - A.— He had had Bright's Disease himself
and bad been cured by It. That was what In-
duced me to take it. It js a positive cure for
BrlghfH Disease. . The world can't be told
Medical works agree that. Brishfs Disease
and Diabetes are incurable, but ST per cent
are • Dosltiveiy recovering under the Fulton
I Compounds. (Common forms of kidney com-
j plaint and rheumatism from uric acid offer
but short resistance.) Price, $t for the Brighfa
Direase and $1 50 for the Diabetes Compound.
Interior arents will be made as fast as pos^-
bla. John "J. , Fulton Co.. 420 Montgom*«a|
street. San Kranclsco. sol« compounders. Fw
. teats made for patients.' Descriptive paanjihlct
> mailed frt*.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
.: — — ~" y- r-^ — - "
[ My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures all forms of Indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that;
have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
Manyon's Dyspepsia Care corrects bloatinjoi
the stomach, palpitation of the heart, short nes» of
breath, and all affections of the heart causedby to*
digestion, wind oa the stomach, belchin? wind oi
¦our food.bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
faiatness or weakness of the ttomach. improper cir«
cnlation, coated tongue, l^art-bura or water-brash.
His Headache Cure stof s headache in 3 minutes).
! I Munyon's Pile Ointment cores all forms of ]>>lea.
| 1 Manyon's Blood Care corrects all blood imparities.
¦ Manyon's Liver Care corrects headache, bilious*
ness, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
: Mnnyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are guaranteed to
relieve asthma in three minutes and cure in five days.
Manyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
, Manyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak i
;¦ men. Price, $1. ff>
Manyon has a rare for every disease. The Golds
to Health (free) tells of them. Cot*, mostly 35 eta.
Manyon. New York and Philadelphia.
BUXTOX'S IXHALEB CUBES CATABBH. ')
@VIM. VIGOR, >ITAL1TY for MEN
MOKMON BISHOP* S PILLS
have been In use over nfty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
'followers. Positively cure- tha
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking-. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, m~ f\. Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ wM vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are i^-Jti^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *~^" * » ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cura Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped orjrans. Stimulata
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; a lor
$2 60 by. mail. A written guarantee to curs or i 1
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free i I
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st * /
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 33 '
and 40 Third street.German Emperor's Aid-de-Camp Explains
Import of Prince Henry's Visit.
Continued From Page One.
Prince Is a Democratic Passenger During
the Voyage Across the Atlantic.
arisen between Prince Henry and Admiral
Dewey at a dinner given by the former in.
Hongkong, he laughingly replied:
"Oh, well, a good many, versions of that
incident — and all of them - wrong — have
been printed. I happened to be at that
time the personal aid de camp to the
Prince. The truth of the matter is thi3,
and I spesak authoritatively: .
"In the harbor of Hongkong the Prince
had -tendered a dinner to the command
ers of the vessels -of various nations at
that time in the port. On that occasion
the Prince drank to the health of the sov
ereigns and chiefs of the nations, the
flags of which fwere represented by the
guests. In the order of hia toasts his first
one, next to that to the 'German Empe
ror, was to Great Britain and the second
to Russia, while the United States was the
last. The reason Great Britain was named
In the first place wa3 because the dinner
occurred in a harbor of British territory.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 23.— Daniel Alexander
aged 68, manager of a shoe store In this city,
was , killed ¦ to-day.', by : the accidental discbarge
of' a ; revolver : he r was ¦ cleaning. .
YALTA, Crimea. Feb. 23.— Count Tolstoi, li
better to-day as a result of his sound sleep
of last night. V9MHBBI
London Press : Satirical.
LONDON," Feb. 24.— The - paper* this
morning I published . editorials - in .a* some
what satirical vein '. on the enthusiasmjof
the reception ; accorded Admiral 1 Prince
Henry of Prussia by a democratic nation.'
The ; papers ,< concede that Prince , Henry
fills the role of the "velvet glove" with a
success equal to that with which he fills
the role of \"mailed fist."
Berlin Newspaper Violates Precedent
EMPEROR .LEAKNS OF,
THE PRINCE'S ARRIVAL
by Issuing an Extra
I"; ".Edition.
BERLIN, Feb. 23.-Emperor •William re
ceived a cablegram '; from New York while
at breakfast this morning, informing him
that the Kronprinz "Wilhelm was . nearing
her port in - fair weather and. that his
brother, Admiral Prince Henry ; of Prus
sia, was well. •
The Sunday quiet of Berlin was broken
to-day by the issuance of a newspaper ex
tra on the arrival of the Kronprinz. This
Is a very. unusual thing in German news
paperdom. : . . •- . ,-* .- .
The speech, of Embassador Andrew, E.
White' at an. assemblage of Americans at
the Kaiserhof in celebration of Washing
ton's birthday; in the course of which ' he
denied the existence in the United States
of anything . like hatred of Germans, is
largely reproduced in the local press and
Is commented upon approvingly. .
PBINCE GIVES DINNER
ON THE HOHENZOLLERN
Starts on His Journey to
Washington.
Visits the Deutscher Verein and Then
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Prince Henry
gave a dinner to-night on board the im
perial yacht Hohenzollern. His guests
were: ; - ""* •
Rear Admiral von Tiroitz, General von Pies-
Ben, Ambassador Eisendecker, Admiral von
Seckendorff, Admiral von Baudissln, Captain
Mueller, Commander , Grumme, Dr. Reich,
surgeon, to Prince Henry; Commander Lieu
tenant Schmidts von Schwinds, Commander
Lieutenant von Tratha, Commander Lieuten
ant Ecly. Commander Lieutenant Karpf, Com
mander von Ilolleben, David J. Hill, Assist
ant Secretary of State; Rear Admiral Robley
D. Evans. Major General Henry C. Corbin.
Colonel/ - Theodore A'. Bingham, Commander
"Wiliam^ Cowles, Embassador von Holleben;
Frelherr von Ritter, G. Zu Gruensteln; Count
von- Monteeles, Captain Freiherr von Kaphen,
Senior Lieutenant Schroen. Lieutenant von
Armin, Lieutenant von Bartels, - Commander
Rebeur-Paschmitz, Attache Glasnanh, Consul
General Buenz, Consul Geiasler, Vice Consul
Frankfen, Vice Consul Dr. Schliepen, Attache
Pisior/ Attache 'Waetznald. Attache Gorber,
General Director Wieeand of the North Ger
man Lloyd SteamshiD Company, General Di
rector - Ballln of the Hamburg-American
Steamship Company, Gustave H. Schwab, Emll
h. Boas, Frederick W. Holls, E. Plonkawski,
Professor' HukO. Muensterberc, Hugo Zoller,
Dr. Mantler, director of the Wolff Bureau of
Germany; Captain Dannhauer, Melville E.
Stone. Edward P. Call, William Cullen Bry
ant. Howard Gould, Edward Uhl, Count von
Seckendorf, Alfred C. Johnson, Rudolph Kep
pler, A. von Bilesen, H. Conreld and Com
mander Nathan Sarsrent.
Later Prince Henry attended a reception
given in his honor by the Deutscher Ve
re!n at the clubhouse of the organization
He was escorted through the streets from
the dock where the Hohenzollern lies to
the clubhouse by Squadron A of the Na
tional Guard and attended by his suite.
Rear Admiral von Baudissin and his of
ficers and other guests. All the party were
In carriages, while at the head of the line
rode a detachment of. mounted police. In
the Prince's carriage rode Rear Admiral
Evans and Assistant Secretary of State
Hill. BB^NiSlBBSBStl^Hi • - •
On reaching the clubhouse the Prince
was. received by President Rudolph Kep
pler and Vice President Otto T.-Schuler
At . the special request of Prince Henry
the club members and their families wer6
presented to him. »
From • the clubhouse the -Prince was
driven to % the Twenty-third street ferry
of the Pennsylvania Railroad, where he
took the ferry-boat Philadelphia for Jer
sey City.
-. JERSEY CITY, Feb. 24.-Prlnce Henry
and his party reached Jersey City at 12-10
a. m. and walked to the. train through a
roped inclosure guarded by eighty police
men under Chief of Police Murphy of Jer
sey City. The train consists of eight cars,
the last one being the Columbia, devoted
to the; use of the Prince and;two.Imme
diate. attendants. In a'ddltlon to the po
lice guard, on the platform there were
present Captain - Titus of the ¦ New -York
SAYS THE K0NEY SHOULD
V BE GIVEN TO THE POOR
ers Who Are to Fete Her
- Husband.
Princess Henry Rebukes New York-
Publishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. " CopyriKht, 1U02, by the Herald
A dispatch in this sense was In all prob
ability sent off to New York to-day from
Kiel. -• ; ,-.- -¦':¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦- •;•"'¦¦ ¦ • ¦. -
i KIEL, i Feb. 23.— Through Information
from a thoroughly . trustworthy • source I
am In a position to state that noble mind
ed Princess Henry of Prussia has cabled
from Kiel to Prince Henry .to beg him
not to accept from New York millionaires
an expenditure of £60,000 on the entertain
ment which they are said to be about to
give in his honor. She asks the Prince to
beg them not to associate his person with
such a senseless and harmful waste of
money. She would prefer that these gen
tlemen give the money to the many poor
of New York as the nucleus for a "Prince
Henry home." This would be a nobler use
to make of it. - ;
WASHINGTON", Feb. 23. — The condition of
young Theodore Roosevelt continues to improve
ar.d he is prosressini? steadily toward complete
restoration to health.
American Consul Sends the NV»tcs to
"SATE," COMES THE MESSAGE.
Dr. Judson Smith.
BOSTON, Feb. 23.— Dr. Judson Smith,
ofie cf the secretaries of the American
Board, called at the residence of Mrs.
Benjamin F. Stone, mother of Elian M.
Stone, the missionary, in Chelsea, this
afternoon, bringing a cablegram dated
"Salonika, February 23," containing the
one word "Safe" and signed "Haskell."
Dr. Smith understands this dispatch to
mean that Miss Stone, Mme. Tsilka and
the latter's baby have been delivered into
the hands of the American representatives
at Seres. Macedonia. The cablegram is
from Edward X. Haskell, one of the mis
sionaries of the American Board sta
tioned in Salonika. -:"T r :
WABSHIPS BRILLIANTLY
ILLUMINATED AT NIGHT
the Squadron of Admiral
Evans. ,
Pretty Incandescent Light Effects on
NEW YORK, Feb.* 23.— The four ships
of Admiral Evans' squadron were prettily
illuminated to-night. The battleship Illin
ois, at the head of the fleet, had her
name in electric lights across the bridge
In letters two feet high. Along* either,
side of the ship, at a height equal to the
top of the pilot-house, she displayed in
lights the words, "Welcome, Prince
Henry." Along the rail from bow to stern
and up to the stays "to -the" top of her
military masts, . and upward and, around
the tops of her funnels, were strings of
higher power Incandescent lamps.
The showing made by the Cincinnati
was the best in the squadron, excelling
that of the flagship.. The lights werecar.
ried up to her masts to the truck and out
on either armxpf her long signal arm.
The effect was a giant Across of tire with
an illuminated base, and the whole, stand
ing out against the darkness, made a most
effective picture. The lights were turned
on at 7 and extinguished at 9 o'clock.
detective "bureau and Chief .Wilkie of the
secret service. . • ¦• . ' .'
The train left the station at la. m., the
Prince appearing on the rear platform of
his car and bowing his acknowledgment
of the cheers of those in the station.
GERMAN ROYAL YACHT ON
WHICH PRINCE HENRY RE
CEIVES VISITORS. ' -
pllment him on the masterful way in which he had handled his ship and the
speed he had made under such adverse conditions.
On Tuesday the Prince went on a tour of inspection of the ship with the cap
tain and the ship's surgeon. He visited the steerage and second class passenytiS
and examined their quarters.
One of the most enjoyable features of the voyage was the excellent music.
In addition to the regular band belonging to the ship the music corps of the Sec
ond Matrosen Division, containing thirty-eight pieces, was on board. This Is one
of the great military bands of Germany and came on the Kronprinz to join the
Hohenzollern. On Thursday night at dinner the band of the Kaiser's yacht fur
nished the muslc> Intermingling German and American airs. . "Yankee Doodle
and "Dixie" were played, creating great enthusiasm. The royal party, with the
Prince at the head of the table, cheered heartily, as did all the German passen
gers. At the request of Prince Henry "Yankee Doodle" was rendered again, and
it was no sooner finished than a request came from the same source for a repeti
tion of "Dixie." ' .
An American wondered if the Prince knew the meaning and history of the
two. "Indeed he does," said several American voices.
On Friday night the Prince left his own table in the smoking-room early
and joined that occupied^y George A. Armour and Allison Vincent Armourof
Chicago, Robert Bonner and Archie Harman of New York and Spencer Eddy
of the United States Legation in Constantinople. Allison Armour had been
introduced to the Prince- as a yachting man and this brought the whole party
together on commoi. ground. Prince Henry sat conversing "with this party of
Americans for two hours. He remarked that he had always desired to hear
some genulne v American plantation songs, and hoped he would have the oppor
tunity before he returned to Germany.
REMEMBERS BIRTHDAY OF WASHINGTON.
On Saturday morning he invited Mr. Armour and party, with whom he had
spent the evening- before, to take a look through the^ ship, and he explained
every part of the machinery to them as .an expert. Not one of the party had
said a word about its being Washington's birthday. After the hour of Inspec
tion the Prince invited them to his room, where he opened champagne.
"Now, gentlemen of America," said he, "let us drink to George Washing
ton." -' ¦ "» - ,
The storm that stayed with the Kronprinz all the way across the Atlantic
changed the pitching motion of the ship to a terrible roll on Saturday morning.
Everything in the ship that was loose tumbled about and it was difficult and
dangerous for the passengers to move.
At the concert after the captain's dinner last night most of the amusement
was afforded by several members of the band falling over as they were play
ing. One singer was held on his feet by a steward and he had to be braced part
of the time by the other The piano had to be made more secure with
ropes, and two men steadied it. The passengers sat holding themselves securely
in the stationary chairs. -
The Prince put his autograph on ten of the concert programmes to be auc
tioned off for the benefit of the sailors. The lowest-priced one brought $33 and
the highest $94. ' Six huttdred and twent5 r -five dollars was raised from the sale,
but the auctioneer's energies were all exhausted In holding fast rather • than in
the use of his voice. The Prince sat through the concert and applauded with
enthusiasm.
The Prince yesterday sent word to the five American newspaper men on
board that he would see them . in the afternoon. Baron Seckendorff, the
Prince's chief of staff, made the presentation and the Prince shook hands
heartily with each of them. Among- other things he discussed' with the news
paper representatives wireless telegraphy and its development and application
In the future. At the time the ship was nearlng Nantucket and when commu
nication with that station was established the Prince sent his famous wireless
telegraph message to President Roosevelt, by way of the New York Herald's
land station ____^ *
SOW PBTNCE WILL SPEND
THE DAY IN WASHINGTON
President Roosevelt to Receive Him
in the Blue Boom of the.
"White Souse.
WASHINGTON, -Feb. 23.— Washington
will revolve to-morrow around Prince
Henry. From his arrival here until his
departure at midnight for New York he
will be the center of official and diplo
matic attention. ' . '
The German Embassy is being decor
ated with potted palms and patriotic col
ors. The White- House is being trans
formed into a bower of palms. When the
I-rince arrives at the station he -will find
awaiting him Secretary Hay and Secre
tary Long. Both Cabinet officials will
ccrdially greet him and be presented by
the Prince to his suite. Then the Prince,
accompanied by Secretary Hay and Rear
Admiral Evans, will enter the first car
riage and drive slowly along Pennsylva
nia avenue to the White House. Secre
tary Long will enter the carriage with
Aumiral von Tirpltz, Secretary of State
lor the German navy. Assistant Secre
tary of State Hall, who will 'come from.
New York with the Prince, will ride to
the White House with Admiral Count von
ltaudissin,-and Major General Corbin will
l»e the personal escort of General von
1'lesson. • < \i
There will be only a small party at the
White House. It will consist of the Pres
ident and Mrs. Koosevelt, members of
the Cabinet and their wives.
Prince Henry will meet President
Roosevelt in the blue room of the White
House and communicate to him any mes
sages which KeTnay have • been charged
by his brother to deliver. He will then,
accompanied only by Rear Admiral
Evans, proceed to the German Embassy.
The President will immediately return the
call of the Prince..
The Prince will personally ' visit each
foreign erobaesy and leave his card for
the Kmhassador. At . 4 o'clock, accom
panied by the German Embassador
and his suite, he \_ will -go to the
Capitol, and it is expected that he will
be given the privilege of the floors. From
the Capitol he will go to the library and
then return to the embassy, where he will
prepare for the dinner at the White
House at 8 o'clock.
After the dinner the Prince will leave
at midnight by special train for New
York. The President, Miss Roosevelt and
members of the Cabinet will leave by an
other train at^about the same hour.
the acting governor of which was one of
the guests. . " • ;. ' ¦¦, •• ; < • .? .;, „. .; ..
"A week or so afterward .the Prince was
informed by the German Consul, Herrvon
Loeper-, who is now in Valparaiso, that
the representative of the United States^
namely. Admiral ! Dewey— was .pained be
cause the Prince had not^put theTTriited
States at the ' head' of • his : toasts,- con
trary to. the International usage which de
mands the order of the toasts on such oc
casions. This usage Is that . the toasts
shall be given in the order of seniority in
commission of the officers present. Dewey
was, ..in that respect, the senior among
the guests. The Prince did not hesitate to
seek an-, open, frank talk on this question
of etiquette with his American comrade,
whom he highly esteemed. When visiting
the flagship Olympla he frankly "told
Dewey that he had convinced himself that
he was wrong and that Dewey was rignt.
and DeXvey's reply was this:
Crime of an Insane Woman.
PEORIA,«I11.,-Feb. 23.— Five miles north
.of; Klckappo, a; village twelve miles from
this, city, a Woman named Jenkinson, be
coming* suddenly .--Insane -to-day, secured
an ax and brained her husband while he
slept. " She* then'placed the muzzle of a re
volver, against temple and blew out
her own brain. Three small children wit
nessed' the< tragedy. :;< -- v.
" 'Well, sir, I thank you for your apol
ogy. I may say that I liked you before
this, but after what you have told ma
just now I think I like you better, and
this Is saying a great deal.*
"It Is readily to be seen that this settle
ment of a question of etiquette could only
serve to strengthen the friendly relations
between them, and that, Prince Henry la
keeping the words, of hla American friend
In grateful remembrance.".;-" •"•'-^l; ••..
PAST OF POLITICAL PLOT.
Spencer EdcSy Tells Why Miss Stone
Was Kidnaped.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Spencer Eddy,
first secretary of the United States lega
tion in Constantinople, who had charge
cf the negotiations for the release of
Miss Ellen M. Stone and Mme. Tsilka, ar
rived here to-day on the Kronprinz Wil
helm, lu an interview he said the brig
ands captured an American rather than
any other missionary because they be
lieved the Americans had the most money
and would be likely to pay the ransom.
"Did the brigands want the money for
themselves?" Mr. Eddy was asked. He
replied:
Xo, they did not. and that Is where the
American people do not understand this case.
It la entirely a political affair, and all the
people in Macedonia are in sympathv with
the kidnaping, for they believe it is a step
toward freeing Macedonia from Turkish rule,
the same as Bulgaria has been. The monev
they demanded <$10O,O00) was Intended fo'r
the Macedonian cause.
If we had been dealing with the professional
brigands who wanted money, pure and simple,
instead of the political ones. Miss Stone would
have been released Ions ago. It is very like
ly that this caDture was deliberated uooa for
a long time, and the victims selected were
considered best to serve the cause, when com
pared with those of other nationalities.
Do the Macedonians have any feeling of
enmity toward the missionaries?
No, they are rather friendly to them than
otherwise. They desired to attract the at
tention of the world to their cause and Inci
dentally to get some much-needed money. I
have every reason to believe they have given
Miss Stone and her companion in captivity the
v<?ry best of treatment. When Mme. T&illta'e
baby was born, she received the kindest of
treatment, from all we can learn. I have had
five letters from Miss Stone written In Bul
garian so her captors could • read them. ¦ and
they were masterpieces in cleverness "and
diplomacy. Miss Stone Is a very courageous
woman.
Won't Turkey attempt to punish the ring
leaders?
Turkey will have a problem on her hands
If she docs, for the Macedonians have risen
es one man in their determination to be freed
from Turkey, and . this kidnaping of the two
American missionaries may be called chapter
one In tieir dan for liberty.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 23.— Miss El
len M. Stone, the American missionary,
who, with Mme. Tsilka, was captured by
brigands in the district of Salonika on
September 30 last, has been released and
arrived at Strumitza, Macedonia, at 3
o'clock this morning. Nobody was at
Strumitza to meet Miss Stone, as the
brigands had eiven no indication where
they proposed to release the prisoners.
Mme. Tsilka. and her baby were freed
at the same time. All are well. Miss
Stone immediately made herself known
to the authorities. * :
The first news of Miss Stone's release
was contained in a telegram received by
Mr. Dickinson, the American Consul Gen
eral in Constantinople, from the Ameri
can Vice Consul in Salonika. The tele
gram gives no details of the release.
As Strumitza is near the Salonika-Us
kub Railroad, Miss Stone will proceed to
Salonika without delay.
• t— — — . .-. ;,
WASHINGTON, D..C.. Feb. V 2l—Attor
ney. General Knox has delivered . ;to the
President his findings In the matter of
the charges filed against Arthur II.
Noyes. Judge of the second division of the
United States District Court of Alaska.
The charges allege lncompetency and
corruption, although, the Attorney Gen
eral says, the charge of dishonesty was
.not pressed. ,.:'->7;:.
After reviewing the case at length the
Attorney General concludes his report a3
follows: !Sr'
• « Such was the end of this Nome lUlgatlon.
out of which has sprung so much complaint,
bitterness and Dublic scandal. After review,
it remains that the actual consequences of
these proceedings in the Alaska District Court
were to bring that court into disrespect and
to lmnalr nubile confidence in its wise and
impartial administration of justice. > .
In view of the foregoing-, and after the most
careful consideration, I have concluded:
First — That the appointment of a receiver
In the case referred .to. without notice to th»
defendants, and the refusal upon hearinsr to
discharge the receiver, and the consequent
dispossession of the defendants of their prop
erty were not justified under the facts, the
pleadings and the principles of equity.
Second — That there Is no Justification shown
for the refusal by Judge Noyes to settle a
bill of excemlona at the Instance of the de
fendants, and for the refusal to allow tne-n
an appeal.
Third — That after an appeal had been al-.
lowed by the Circuit Court of ADpeal», aaiJ
the writ of suDersedeas had been served upon
Judge Xoyes. the plaintiffs and the receiver.
Judge Noyes* attitude toward the ¦writ was
one of hostility and obstruction, which was
totally inconsistent with hla Judicial duty
toward a superior court and toward, the liti
gants seeking throuch that court reversal of
his Judicial action. -
,. Fourth — That Judce Noyea should ' forthwith
be removed from office. ¦
The ; President will approve these find
ings and promptly dismiss Judge Noyes
from office.'...' . . "¦'.'.[
Captives Are Taken to a Point Near
the Salonika-Uskub Railroad
in Macedonia and There
Liberated. -
President "Will Approve The33 Find
ings and Forthwith. Dismiss
the Offender From
Sustains the Charges Filed
Against the Notorious
Nome Jurist
..-.¦-* ¦ ¦¦*•¦: .¦--:¦
Mme. Tsilka and Her Infant
Child Are Also Given
Their Freedom.
Attorn ey Gen eral Rec
ommends Immediate
Removal.
Bulgarian Brigands^ Re
lease the American
Missionary.
KNOX SEALS
THE FATE OF
JUDGE NOYES
MISS STONE
IS AT LAST
SET FREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1902.
SPOKESMAN OF PRUSSIAN PRINCE GIVES GERMAN VERSION
OF HONGKONG INCIDENT IN WHICH DEWEY WAS A PRINCIPAL
Continued From Page One.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
40% Illl /B&. Ammunition , and Bportins
|j Eh lnll B Good*. Larsest Stock. Low-
a a B R&! ect Prtcea. Until clot* of
¦ B i IBM* hunting season will offer
E* O I w aJ guns at reduced price*.
"^ Send for catalogue.
BHEEVE 4 BAEBER CO.,
739 Kuket St. tad 611 Stars/ S t
To Accommodate Firs t-Class
Local Travel.
The Santa. Fe carry an- elegrant chair car on
the California Limited from San Francisco to
Bakfrraneld. Leaves dally 9 a. m. Also ctoiM
at Stockton, Merced, Fresno and Hanford.
* Our sale of sack suits at $6.65 closes cJ^Liiif^
this coming Saturday night. As we have OWf|W llllfl '
said before, the sizes are somewhat broken; N^^^|i/ Ilnll!
but as all sizes are represented in the suits ''' .'(§}/ '.'jlB ¦¦' . §§§
as a whole, you can no doubt find your size W ' m- 1 I ;
in a pleasing pattern, as all the goods are Jjf *«&. 'JK^fi
The suits are single and double- treasted " .
Scotch tweeds, and the former price was |SJC\V SOfllUQf* -"^^w
$12 56; sale price up to. next Saturday night, *V , - V
tAAp oroods for'/boys
now arriving
//jfjPlr ?wv^ ¦ . new arriving almost every day. ' They
w**f V vl>A \ are e . swe^ es^ °f 1 9 02 creations. . The
¦'•¦'.¦¦¦ ij^^ffl|^^ \{^^M^^^< goods, wash suits, straw hat5- and so
v^mS^^^^ you t0 know that we ** re in The fielc^
'^^pII^^^^v ear ' y anc * a^ wa y s h ave the latest.
¦'^^^TOOT^ ?^^i«W^P Made of all-wool tweeds in the latest 1902'
|s|f/ ilRglJf ¦ '©III ' mIm* '^ Made of all-wool tweed mixtures in stripes
iMm'r \llii WI'' ancl P' a^ s > comprise coat, vest and knee
111 IS} ¦ill HI 1 pants; coat single or. double breasted; strong,
W I • Hwl raft/' ' serviceable clothes made by us in our own
jgii^^^^iljw, flfflu -<»»¦ workshops; we guarantee the workmanship;
windows will always f\ VA' : //\ f\ tT\ M fin cd— write us for
prove- interesting, # Wtl/ 1 IS 11 13 AaS 11 anything in men's
whether you need \^ I r "US V/ V/ft/ VB/ B WS'* OP b °y s ' clothing,
clothes, hats on fur- ' J. ' v v » ¦¦ ¦ ¦ - '^~J~W. 0^ furnishings or
ni ? hinfi8> 718 Market Street hats *
people are lacking in
nervous strength. The
weak, care-worn, melan-
choly, headachy, and low-
spirited men and women
are easily excited, impa-
tient, fidgety, and unable
to sleep at night. Worn-
out nerves must be built
up, and the vitality of the
whole system replenished
before relief can come.*
*The least bit of noise or sudden
jar would nearly drive me crazy, and
I was just too fadgety for anything. I
! ¦ was so nervous that I could not rest or
sleep. The first dose of Dr. Miles'
Nervine brocght me sleep, and after
that I £Ot wefl fast"
Mrs. A. R. Morrell, Arcola, Bis.
I St. Maes'
Nervine
builds up the nerves,
strengthens the brain,y4nd
fortifies and refreshes the
whole system.
Sold by drnggists on guarantee.
Dt Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind..HOTEL DEL COROXADO. choicest Winter
Resort In the world, offers beat living climate
boating., bathins. flshlne . and mo £
ments,E. S. Bab-ock. manager Coronad0<
• : Senator ;-Depew recently, delivered a speech 'with
out telling a single anecdote, and the opinion is grow
j ing in the Etst that his newly ' wedded wife is a re
; former of the most drastic kind;
MANILA EARTHQUAKE— Enq., City.
The great earthquake in Manila. P. I.,.oc
curred September 16, 1862, and -lasted one
minute ; and a half/ v .This \ was fol
lowed . by five shocks at intervals between
8 o'clock at- night and. ?4 o'clock. of the
morning of. ..the next day; The oldest
church, with walls four feet In. thickness,
built. 300 years before, was shaken to
LEAP YEAR— Subscriber,' - City." The
next leap year will be 1904. , The year 1836
was a leap year, but 1900 was not. If a
year " were/ exactly 365^4' days we \would
havfe a leap year every four years, but
as * this is an excess of : : 11 minutes and
10.3 seconds every. year this excess is, com
pensated" for by dropping. the leap year at
the beginning of three out. of four centu
ries and ; thus equalizing the time gained
through the century. ., ,
ARTIFICIAL '.EYES— T. H., City. If a
person has become blind; of one eye, but
the motive muscles of the eyeball are not
Injured, artificial eyes are made that may.
be made to move the same as the natural
ones. If the muscles have, as is often the
case, become set, then the eyeball carry
ing the artificial eye will not move. «(
Mr. Ridder was authorized by the Arch
bishop to announce the granting of the
dispensation in the Invitations or in any
other way he might choose. The dispensa
tion is one granted for .state occasions
but is an 'unusual one here. Mr. Bidder
expressed himself yesterday a3 beine
much gratified at the Archbishop's action
which virtually recognizes the dinner ag a
state function, j The Archbishop has also
accepted an invitation.— New York Sun.
• Herman Bidder, who is getting Up the
dinner to be given by the Staats-Zeltung
to the American press in honor- of Prince
Henry, to which 1400 invitations have been
sent out, said yesterday that what- might
have been a serious obstacle to its suc
cess had been removed by Archbishop
Corrigan. The dinner is to be given at the
Waldorf-Astoria on Wednesday, February
26. Wednesdays in Lent 'being fast days
Roman Catholics are forbidden to eat any
meat. When Mr. Rldder and his associ
ates were reminded of this they appealed
at once to the Archbishopf.'who Is In Ber
muda, and yesterday word was received
that the Archbishop had granted a special
dispensation to Catholics, attending the
dinner. This will allow of the eating of
meat or -fish, but not of both.
May Eat Meat Wi h the Prince.
POLICE OFFICER-P. H. .F.,; City. If
you "want to try- and get on the police
force of San Francisco" apply to the Civil
Service Commission* In the City Hall for
au application blank. There you 'will be
given all the information yoo may; desire.
¦ A/TIE— Goo, City. If in! a game there
are two prizes and two out of the . four
players tie on points, these two either cut
cards, shake dice or draw straws, -the
winner taking first prlze'and the other
the second, prize. .
DICE-SHAKING-A. S., City. If in
shaking poker dice. Eastern style; or Cal
ifornia style, A shakes five fours and B
five fives they do not tie, but B wins.
In the course of his letter Mr. Carnegie states in
detail some of the objections Which his examinations
have led him to conclude to be valid against the
Nicaragua route. 'He -says: "It has curves of '4000
feet radius; the Manchester canal has nothing under
5000 feet, and yet tugs are required fore and aft of
every vessekthat tries to pass around these curves.""
In another place he says: "The commission esti
mates the increased cost of operating the Nicaragua
canal at only $1,300,000 more than Panama: This
is merely for operating, but what of; maintenance?
That is a; far more important point, and the longer
distance cf the Nicaragua route will of course entail
more replacement and repairs and: liability to disas
ter." By way of a' third objection he says:. "Sena
tor. Morgan arid our Southern friends believe that the
NicaVaguan route is shorter than the Panama/.but in
this I think them mistaken. The commission gives'.
thirty r three hours for: the passage. This'means day
light only— nearly three days. It will be; found im
practicable to "pass through at night." ' Finally, l7e-
DESPITE the claims of various philanthropies
upon his time and his energies, Mr. Carnegie
has interested himself in the controversy con
cerning the isthmian canal route and has declared
strongly in favor of Panama against Nicaragua. In
a letter to Senator Platt of New York on the subject
he announces that he once subscribed $10,000 to a
fund got up to test' the ' Nicaragua route, but was
satisfied from a report made by General Ludlow that
the enterprise "was not to be thought of as a rea
sonable undertaking." He further claims to have
read every official report that has been made on the
subject, and says: "All have confirmed my opinion
that instead of. $200,000,000 it will cost $400,000,000,
and will not be a serviceable canal when finished."
FIELD MARSHAL— A. O. R. T. C,
Cal. Question as to highest rank In tho
German army was published in this de
partment on the 13th of January, 1902.
THE CANAL QUESTION.
SOLDIERS' RIGHTS— H. G., City. Sol
diers who served in the Civil War and
those who served, in the recent war. If
they were In the army for ninety days
and were honorably ( discharged, are al
lowed to take up public land, with the ad
vantage of having six months' time after
declaration before commencing to reside
upon the land, and the right of making
final proof before the end of the usual
five years. Incase of the death of a party
entitled to make such entry his widow or
his minor children are entitled to the ben
efits that would have accrued to him. For
information relative to taking up lands
apply at the land office of the district in
which you would like to take up a home
stead. , '•-.;: .' : .
Judge S. A. Kellogg of Plattsburg. N*.
Y., ls heading a party of tourists who are
registered at the Palace. The party in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. William B. Rogers,
Mrs. Edward Slade, Miss Emmons, H T.
Kellogg and William A. Russell.
R. B. Marshall of the United Sta.te3
Geographical Survey is registered with
his family at the Occidental from Wash
ington, D. c.
Erastus Young, auditor of the Union
Pacific Railroad, with headquarters at
Omaha/ 13 at the California with his
son, David L. Young.
S. H. Friendly, Mayor of Eugene Or
a "Sfcnt of the Oregon State Uni
versity, is one of the arrivals at the Pal
ace.
¦ J. Rothschild, a merchant of Stockton
is registered at the Grand with his wife
Ex-State Senator W. F. Prisk of Grass
Valley i 3 at the Occidental with his wife
Edwin D. Washburne. a manufacturing
ihrp^a°c e . e ~ York CIty - ls staylns "
L. A. Spltzer, an attorney of San Jose
la at the Grand. *
J. M. Weill. a merchant of St.* Joseph,
Mo., is at the Palace. '
Dr. M. C. O'Brien of New York City is
registered at the Palace.
Rev. George V. Leech of .Washington,
D. C, is a guest at the Russ. .
hSa^m??^ of t Eureka - County Clerk off;
Humboldt County, 1 9 at the LJck House.
l^fcKINLEY— F. Q.. City. President Me-
Klnley was Bhot on the fcth of September,
1901. . ¦ - : ¦• '¦'" ' : ¦¦'
pieces.. The majority of the inhabitants
lived for two days on the water. The
shocks were followed by the eruption of
volcanoes at Albay and Taal. '
Sir Robert Anderson, chief of the British detective
service, is quoted as saying recently that so far as the
police are aware there are not more than seventy
dangerous professional b'urglars in the kingdom; and
it remains for the public to decide whether that means
that the police have been vigilant enough to suppress
most of the bad "burglars, or that they have not been
vigilant enough to spot them.
It can hardly < be necessary to pbint out to intel
ligent men what the passage of such an' amendment
would mean to California. The scheme is an utterly
unjustifiable one. The. corporations, however, are
back of it and are going to make a strong fight for it.
Therefore the public must; be warned of the danger.
No' political convention ¦ will ,dq its ; duty at this time
if it fail to c*idemn the scheme emphatically and
resolutely. r^---'
¦ The amendment is absolutely vicious.. It has not
one redeeming feature. If enacted it would estab
lish in the State a commission with something like
autocratic power over a large variety of matters,
many of which are of strictly local concern. It would
put five men in control of rates; and [regulations of
railways, sleeping cars, express companies, tele
graphs,; telephones, water, light, banking and insur
ance companies. Those five men would hold office,
one for . two years, .one for, f our, ; one; for si*, one for
eight- and one. for ten years. The successor of each
would hold for ten years. The first' set would be ap
pointed.by the Governor. ' '¦ ¦ •¦"...
As this is not a partisan issue it is liable to be over
looked by the > people when once the party cam
paigns begin. It is, therefore, all the more important
that public sentiment.on the subject be formed before
the campaign excitements hold popular attention to
strictly partisan questions. The amendment ought to
be condemned at every political gathering that takes
place in the State. A resolution similar to that of the
Iroquois Clubs should be included in every utterance
of any political party, so that the people may not
overlook the importance of defeating it ;on election
day. . •.'•'.¦"" . .
WHILE most pf the resolutions adopted by
the State convention of ..the League of
' Iroquois Clubs were naturally of a partisan
nature, there will be general gratification in that
which declares: "We condemn and recommend the
defeat of the Assembly amendment to the State con
stitution known as Assembly amendment No. 28, to
be voted upon at. the next State election, abolishing
various commissions and creating one commission
clothed with extraordinary powers." :
RIGHTFUL CONDEMNATION.
From the foregoing it will be seen that nobody
has cause for worry anywhere in the United States.
We are still on the crest of a wave ivhose shore is yet
to be descried on the horizon.
The city itself was never more prosperous. Popu
lation is increasing at a rate which has not been ap
proached for a quarter of a century and lofty buildings
arc shooting up on all sides. This will be a big town,
indeed, in two or three years more if the present 'rate
of growth continues.
As far as California is concerned the rain of the
latter part of the week practically put the State on
velvet It touched regions where it was most need
ed, giving the south and San Joaquin Valley the long
dt sired wetting. Good crops are now almost as
sured all ever the State, and with the usual spring
showers we will turn out an abundant harvest.
Everybody feels the beneficent effects of this rain,
which was a veritable tonic to agriculture and com
merce.
Wall street continues quiet in the main and would
have been without feature last week had it not been
for the bombshell dropped . into it by President
Roosevelt in the matter of the merger of the North
western railroads, which caused a flurry for a day or
so. But this vSts merely a flash in the pan, the inci
dent of a day.
The consumptive demand of the country showed
110 abatement. There was the same familiar call for
nil sorts of merchandise everywhere, the West and
Northwest sending in the best reports, as usual,
though the East reported an active demand for dry
goods, limited somewhat by the advance in cotton,
which rendered sellers less disposed to meet buyers.
The call for woolen goods was active, but shipments
of footwear showed a tendency to decrease, though
they are still 8 per cent ahead of last year thus far
this season. Hides are weak throughout the coun
try, but this is really the only important staple ex
hibiting weakness at the moment. The firmness in
iron and steel continues and pigiron has again ad
vanced in spite of the opposition of the conservative
elements, who fought the advance. The smaller
mills are buying freely, and this may cause a further
rise. Structural mills are generally sold up to Sep
tember, showing remarkable activity in building and
railway construction throughout the country. Gen
eral briskness in the heavy hardware trade is addi
lional testimony lo 'this effect. Railway earnings
show a falling off of 3.5 per cent thus far this month,
but this is wholly due to the great storms here and
there, which arc especially felt by. the railways. Prices
ior perishable goods and general farm products con
tinue high and some of them have still further ad
vanced, dairy products in particular. Eggs are so
scarce that San Francisco, is shipping them to Chi
cago, the Territories and Puget Sound in such quan
tities that our local market is remarkably well
cleaned up for this time of the year, and very strong.
Nevada is also drawing on California for hay, and
as Honolulu is also in this market for the same pro
duct the price has been kept up very well in spite
of the recent copious lains. The Southern States are
enjoying more activity in cotton than for many
months, zjad it the present inquiry continues every
bale produced will be needed. Thus it will be seen
that the consumptive trade of the country is remark
ably active for midwinter, and the gratifying feature
of it is that it is in these lines which put money into
the pockets of the farmers, on whose prosperity that
of the whole land depends.
STORMS and generally inclement weather con
tinue to interrupt trade throughout the coun
try, but in spite of this common midwinter
drawback business is reported in exceptionally good
shape almost everywhere. The bank clearings, it is
true, show a slight decrease compared with the same
time in 1901, bat it was only 1.7 per cent last week,
and considering the stormy weather and interruption
to traffic by rail and water was hardly worth men
tioning. There was enly one significant loss, and
that was at Philadelphia, 22.2 per cent. San Fran
cisco gained 28 per cent over 1901, Chicago 25.3, St.
Louis 20.8 and Kansas City 29.8. New York/ lost
5.8 per cent.
BUSINESS STILL BRISK
PERSONAL MENTION.
Only three lieutenants In tho British navy have been pro
moted to the quarter deck from the lower deck during the
past sixty years. They are James Webber and R. A. Cathie,
who earned distinction in Egypt and are "jubilee memorials,"*
and the- third, W. Sims, was a gunner at Ladysmlth. where
his heroic service brought to him the deserved promotion. Tho
promotion, however, stops right there, and they will remain,
lieutenants during their subsequent service. In the army con
ditions are different, for over 6000 enlisted men, have been
raised to commissioned officers and many have attained high
ranks. In 'the United States navy two gunners who- entered
the service as enlisted men have been raised to the grade of
ensign, and they are in the line of promotion and may reach
the rank of captain. They are H. B. Soule and Francis Martin,
and were commissioned July 30, 1901. >'-^/ -„_'- > ,''- '¦-'
Two of the three 16,500-ton battleships building for .the
British navy are to be fitted with Babcock and "Wilcox boilers,
and the third is to have three-fifths power of these boilers
and two-fifths of the Scotch cylindrical type.
The British Navy League Is untiring in Its efforts to im
prove the material and personnel of the empire's navy and It
has accomplished some good results. The Admiralty has been
forced into retiring a- number of obsolete ships, the names of
which only swelled the list of the effective • navy, hut were
only a source of expense and tended to deceive the public.
During the last few weeks six "death traps" have been
stricken bff the efficient list. They are all ironclads and In
clude the Temeralre, Agamemnon, Ajax, Orion. Gorgon and
Hecate. There are eight more Ironclads doomed to early re
retirement, including the Inflexible, Superb, Alexandra, Dread
naught, Sultan, Hercules, Monarch and Hotspur.
f ¦
course of construction for the United States navy. > They are
denominated as '•political ships'* and as "humbug ships," be
cause their designed speed of 16.5 knots Is far below that of
somewhat similar types in other navies. The Engineer goes
on to say that the patriotism of American shipbuilders is de
pended' upon to make these ships steam as high as 19 knots,
which Is still below the speed of vessels of that class in Ger
many, France, England and Japan. This criticism. Is hardly a
fair one, for the vessels with which comparisons are made
vary widely as to tonnage, armament and coal. The American,
ships were designed to carry good batteries and have a fair,
reliable speed,' while in the foreign vessels of less tonnage
excessive speed Is aimed at and efficiency of fighting Is sacrificed.
The experiment of crowding a ship with machinery, making
it practically a floating and boiler shop, has been
tried In our navy and proved unsuccessful. The Columbia and
Minneapolis, as well as the Cincinnati and Raleigh, are such
examples, for their phenomenal speeds of 22 knots for the
first two named dwindled down to 18 knots In 'actual service,
and the estimated 19 knots of the Cincinnati and Raleigh sim
mered down to about IS knots under the most favorable con
ditions. It is entirely unlike!? that the foreign high-speed
cruisers make a better showing. All these paper speeds, rang
ing from 20 -to '"24 knots, are deceptive. They are rarely hon
estly earned on the trial trip and never reached after entering
the service. For this and i, many other reasons the Denver
class promises to become ! a valuable addition, to the navy, as
the vessels will make good fighting ships, have fair speed and
a reserve power that will make them far" more reliable than
those of fancy speed, in which deterioration of machinery and
boilers speedily reduces their efficiency far below that of the
less pretentious craft , -v'- v
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A naval station at St. Thomas, one of the Danish West
India Islands, is projected by the Navy Department when the
"United States shall have taken possession of the group./ The
strategic value of these islands is, the sole reason for acqulr-,
ing them, but there is some uncertainty about their value for
a naval station. The United States ship Monongahela had a
rather rough experience at St. Croix In November, 1867. when
a tidal wave caused by an earthquake carried the ship over
a number of warehouses, landing her in one of the streets in
the town of Frederickstadt. A receding wave lifted the vessel
and landed her on a coral, reef, from which the Monongahela
was launched after several months of labor and much expense.
Only five lives of the ship's company were lost. The Mononga
hela is still in active service as a training ship, her engines
having been taken out fifteen years ago, and she* depends
now solely upon her sail power as a means of propulsion.
The London Engineer of January 24 refers in uncompli
mentary terms to the six cruisers of the Denver class in
Twenty-seven vessels are in course of construction for the
United States : navy, on which 516,500,000 has yet to be paid for
armor and $13,768,000 for armament, making a total sum of
$30,268,000 to be appropriated during the next three years. The
list includes eight h/ittleships, six armored cruisers, four moni
tors and nine protected cruisers, the latter embracing six of
the Denver class contracted for in December, 1899. Of the
eight battleships only three, namely the Maine, Missouri and
Ohio, are likely to be completed within two years, while , the
five battleships, armored cruisers and protected cruisers aj-e
making' very slow progress and are' not likely to be completed
within a year of contract time. The four monitors, 4ue on
delivery one year ago, may be finished before 1903. _
The personnel of tbe Japanese navy and that of the United
States is about equal in number of officers and men, but
Japan has now four admirals against one' In our navy.
The Hashidate, a cruiser of 4277 tons, was the first vessel
of considerable size built in Japan. As a' matter of fact the
ship was constructed in France simultaneously with the Itsu
kushima, which latter ship was launched at La Segore In
1891, but the Hashidate was shipped. in sections to Japan, there
to be erected, launched and completed. The Japanese have
taken their time in familiarizing themselves,. with modern navy
building and ordnance, and with the dockyards now_equipped
have already built several torpedo-boats and will now build
the two cruisers above mentioned. The ordnance factory Is
turning out guns of all calibers, and with an armor and steel
mill, which is to be completed in a couple of years, the Japa
nese navy will be entirely independent of foreign assistance.
of the material j for the construction of these vessels
has been ordered from abroad, but the work will be done en
tirely with, native labor. The design of these cruisers Is an
improvement upon vessels of similar types in other navies and
excessive speed has been sacrificed for heavier armament and
coal endurance. .They are 334.5 feet in length, 44 feet beam and
displace 3420 tons on 16.5 feet draught. The motive power is
triple expansion vertical engines of 9500 horsepower, driving
twint screws calculated to give a speed of 20 knots, and the
armament consists of six 6-inch, ten 3-inch and four 2^
pbunders. The armored deck Is 2^ inches thick, the bunker
capacity is 600 tons and the boilers are of the Niclausse type.
TWO second class cruisers have- been laid down at the
Kure and Yukosuko dockyards In Japan. They are
named Nlitaka and Tsushima, and have been designed
by Ch:ef Constructor Satow of the Japanese navy. Some
Armorplate and Steel Mills Are Improvements Projected, ari Ordnance Factory Is in Full
Bast and the Navy Personnel Equals That of the'United States.
moonlight drive in the bracing air com
pleted the evening.
A number of very tired girls came bad
7 It is to be noted that in turning away from the
Western alliance the South .would not be forsaking
a fond wooer. Bry^n carried along with the South
ern vote in 1900 only four Western States, and their
votes counted for little in the electoral college. In
fact, the West shook the South long ago, and. there
is nothing for Southern Democracy to do but to get
back East as quickly as it can. The McAllister reso
lution may.be impertinent to Mississippi, legislation,
but it seems to be good sound sense for all that.
So the Mississippi plan is to go back to the East
arid ask 'Eastern Democracy to kill the fatted calf.
It has found in the alliance with the West nothing
to feed on but the husks of Bryan's eloquence and
nothing wherewith to clothe itself but the rags of
tattered banners inscribed with, the legends of "free
silver. It longs for better, food and more clothes.
<has; been tried, and it has been found to be a horrible
failure. It is right and proper that the South should
lead off and show to the East that it wants to get
back to. its old : moorings, as the South was the one
which took up the alliance witlv the West. ' No one
who reads the McAllister resolution, and , who has
any knowledge of the true status of the case, will
take issue with it for one instant."
It hardly seems right that a State Legislature
should neglect State affairs to do politics for Democ
racy, but that is a matter which concerns only the
people of Mississippi. If they like it, outsiders have
no right to complain. It seems they do like it. One
of the leading papers ofMh'e" State says: "The reso
lution .sets forth the true status of the case. The
Democratic party must make alliance with the East
It cannot hope to win "the West any more. This
For that purpose he has introduced into the Mis
sissippi Legislature a resolution declaring that the
Democrats of the- South are willing to co-operate
with the Democrats of the North and the East in
the adoption of a platform and the selection of a
candidate, "to the .end that the party may present an
unbroken front at the next Presidential election and
that better commercial relations may be promoted
between the two sections."
WHILE the Democrats of Congress are
drifting aimlessly along' among the cur
. rerits of politics, making no apparent ef
fort to decide upon a course of action for the party,
there are impatient souls -in, the South fretting at
the inaction and inclined to assume the leadership
themselves. One of these is Mr. McAllister, a mem
ber of the Mississippi Legislature. Wearied of wait
ing for the national leaders of his party to decide
something, he has turned away from the affairs of
his State and invited his colleagues to undertake to
formulate a national policy for the Democracy of
the South to follow.
LOOKING EASTWARD.
MISS KATHRYN' ROBINSON,
WHO IS PLANNING AN EX
TENDED EASTERN TRIP.
Photo by Genthe. . "
¦ a . ¦ . — J~. — ! — ~ ¦
Congressman .Wheeler's speech against paying re
spect to'. Kings' and ..visiting Princes'" was about the
most foolish that has been made^iri: this Congress,
and. it is an illustration of the' amount of common
sense in the House that it has -received more atten
tion from the members of both parties .than . any
other speech. It seems to be : the nile- in. the House
that the biggest. fool gets the most , reputation.
JAPAN IS FAST BUILDING UP ITS NAVY AND WILL
SOON TAKE RANK AS A FORMIDABLE SEA POWER
• - • :. *
Apropos of., delightful entertaining. I
must say a word about the elaborate din j
ner Sam Crooks gave at the California
Hotel; Saturday evening! followed by a
coaching party. One of the handsomest
banquet rooms was specially decorated
for the : occasion,, and the twelve guests
were seated at one table with the sweet
est of flowers and favors. Everything
was perfectly appointed and pleasant in
every detail. After the gentlemen had
finished their, cigars, two brakes, with
splenaid horses awaited the party and a
WHO but debutantes, bubbling
over with girlish enthusiasm
and genuine delight, could ever
think -of so many enjoyable
¦things. to do when society la
supposed to be at a standstill and wrapped
in sackcloth and ashes? They are not en
tertaining—dear, no— and you . must not
call 'it? a ''tea"— but it is wonderful what
good times girls can give their friends in
their cozy drawing-rooms, chatting every
guest Into a seventh heaven of serene
content with that enchanting' little way
of theirs. Meanwhile the- enchanted—
what does he do?" He gazes sldewlse from
under his drooping lids toward the one
who from his point of view Is most fas
cinating and sinks into a rapture so pro
found that nothing short of being abrupt
ly asked how many lumps, or if he" will
take, rum In his tea, 'serves to rouse him"
Into a realization that when doing society
you must never think.
The next day, however (and there fa
always a next- day when charms are re
membered), the young men bestir thenft
selves and arrange some entertainment for
the fair ones. Various excursions have
been planned the past week,, each host
trying to eclipse his predecessors In orig
inal ideas. The rain has played sad havoo
with other people's affairs for a number
of days. I have v in mind a charming
luncheon, to be given on Angel Island for
a number of young ladles and their chap
erones with some, of the most interesting
army officers as hosts, but: the affair has
been twice postponed on -account of the
Inclemency of the weather, and the weeX
before us" looks no more promising.
from Stanford yesterday afternoon, after
availing themselves of invitations Xo the
sophomore cotillon. Those who went
from San Francisco were": Miss Georgia
Spieker, Miss Kathryn Robinson, Miss
Elizabeth Mills, Miss Mabel "Watklns.
Miss McCabe, Miss Elsie Sperry. Miss
Klizabeth Foulke,* Miss Bessie "Wilson,
Aliss Flossie Tates and Miss Gladys Mer
rll. They were all very glad they went
down* and wouldn't have missed a dance
for anything, besides those college affairs
are always such immense successes. The
Freshman Glee Is also behind us, but the
junior promenade and senior ball will
come later on.
The admiring friends of Miss Kathryn
Robinson cannot bask in the sunshine of
her presence any longer this season. She
is getting ready to go East for an ex
tended trip, visiting cousins in Kentucky.
Before coming back- Miss Robinsori will
do \Vlrginla, Alabama, Kentucky ana
Louisiana, and "if you have tears pre
pare i to shed them now" for those she
will leave in her trail — the victims of the
dangerous lightnings of her eyes. After
her departure society will have to get
used to seeing Miss Herrm without Miss
Robinson. They are called "the two
Catherines," and their devotion and gen
erous consideration of each other is beau
tiful. They are much alike In style, tem
perament, frankness and popularity.
Speaking of the popularity of these de
butantes, I ought to confide a new story
about Katherine Herrin that la amusing
her friends. At a recent Sunday after
noon tea she was surrounded by the usual
coterie of men. When she went home the
entire group obtained her consent to ac
company her. which departure sadly de
prived the tea of practically all the eligl
bles. The happy debutante was quite un
conscious of her drawing power. She was
simply having a good time. A few mo
ments later the enthusiastic Katherine
reached her hrome and burst into the
drawing-room, presenting the several ad
miring guests to those already awaiting
her, adding, breathlessly:
"Collins and Brower will be here on the
next car!" SALLY SHARP.
Unfortunately he found in his first political cam
paigns that the constituency to which he appealed
delighted more in invective than in argument. He
began by. denouncing the aristocracy of his own
State and since then he has gone rapidly from bad
to worse. Had the Senate rebuked him emphatically
and firmly at his first gross breach of dignity and
decency' he might have been checked in a career that
|i«s brought himself into infamy and his State into
disgrace. Now the climax has come.^It remains to
be seen what the Senate will do about it. If it act
properly Tillman will either reform utterly or his
career in the Senate will be short. :
There is, in short, nothing in Tillman's past career
nor in the environment in which he -was raised that
serves as an explanation of his conduct. His par
ents were wealthy enough to give him the advantages
of education and right training and they did it. l As
a boy before the war he had for a governess and pri
vate tutor in his father's home a sister of Chester A.
Arthur, who afterward became President ' of "" the '
United States. The war swept away; his' father!s for
tune and young Tillman had to begin life for him-_
sfelf '"without -••a; college. -education.- He 1 became >'a
farmer and for a time plowed his fields by his own ?
labor! "For more than twenty-five years he was a
working farmer, but during that time was a diligent
student of books and is said to have acquired the
finest private library in his State. The revolt of the
"plain people" of South Carolina against the old
aristocracy brought him into politics and his success
was immediate. Up to that time there was irbthing
of the bully or the blackguard about him,' and he
gave promise of becoming a leader of whom his
State might be justly proud.
That is the Senator's explanation and excuse. It
is not only a slur upon his State and upon the Sen
ate, but it is absolutely invalid. There is nothing in
the office of Governor of South Carolina that unfits
a man for showing or feeling a proper regard for the
United States Senate: \ Tillman's predecessor in the
Senate,. Wade Hampton, had himself been Governor
of South Carolina,, but had not acquired there any
thing of the insolence and offensiveness which have
characterized Tillman.
With the exception of the toleration shown him by
the Senate Tillman has no excuse whatever for his
conduct. In his apology to the Senate he said: "I
have always esteemed it a'high honor and privilege
¦to-be a member of this body. ' I had never had any
legislative experience^ when I came here/and my pre
vious service as Governor of South Carolina for four
years had unfitted me in a measure to enter . this
august assembly with that dignity and regard-r-proper
regard, I will say, for its traditions and habits and
rules — that is desirable. I have been here seven
years. I have in that time learned to judge men with
a little more catholicity of spirit than I did when I
came here. I have found a great many persons here
in whose personal integrity and honor and regard
for their obligations as gentlemen I have implicit
confidence; but I have seen so much of partisanship,
I have seen so much of what I consider slavish sub
mission to party domination, that I confess I have
felt somewhat at a loss how to judge men who in one
respect seem to be so high and clean and honorable
and in another appeared more or less despicable."
In some respects the Senate itself is responsible
for the worst part of Tillman's offensiveness. It has
tolerated words from him which should never have
been tolerated and has encouraged him to go from
bad to worse in his career as a bully. In .the very
debate which led up to the fight on the floor of the
Senate, Tillman' had sdd to the Republican members
of the Senate: "Politically, you are the most in
famous cowards and hypocrites that ever happened";
and we are told in the reports that the statement was
greeted with laughter. For a long time past the
same sort of reception has greeted his insults. The
man has been permitted to say what he pleased, and
even encouraged , to go further and further until at
last he has lost all sense of Senatorial dignity or per
sonal self-respect and has come to delight in making
a blackguard of himself in every debate in which he
takes part. ¦ •¦¦'
BY assaulting with blows a fellow Senator upon
the floor of the . Senate chamber during ari
open debate Senator Tillman carried his vio
lent career in that body to a natural andperhaps in
evitable-climax.- His -strange apology .made after
ward aggravates rather than diminishes the offense.
Beyond that outrageous assault he cannot go. He
has reached the end, arid either the Senate must ex
pel him, his State repudiate him or his fellow Sena
tors, for the preservation of their own dignity, force
him to such a reform of manners and language as
will render him a fit associate of gentlemen.
DEBUTANTES BRIGHTEN LENT
WITH SMILES AND READY WIT
-Such statements- coming from -a business man of
Mr. Carnegie's standing, based as they are upon ex
aminations carefully made, are entitled to consider
able weight with \ Congress and will undoubtedly
have it.v On the other side there will be just about
as strong a presentation of Arguments from the advo
cates of the Nicaraguan- routed for .Mr. Carnegie is
mistaken if he supposes, as his letter implies, that the
Nicaragua -route is supported mainly by Senator.
Morgan and "his Southern 'friends." The question
should not be a sectional one, yet if it were made so
it would be : found thau'the West favors the Nic
araguan route and has' valid reasons for' doing so.
No section of the country, however, looks withany
favor upon a prolonged controversy over the two
routes. Either one would satisfy the majority of the
people. Such arguments as. that put forth by Mr.
Carnegie emphasize the need of getting the question
out of Congress and submitting; it to the President
with power to act, so that argument may be ended
and action begun.
says: "I have had considerable experience in navi
gating canals in handling our ore shipments, and I
wish to 'go on record as assuring Senator Morgan
and his friends of the South" as well as the North that
they .will be more benefited by the Panama canal
than by the Nicaragua."
.TILLMAN'S CLIMAX.
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1902.
MONDAY I FEBRUARY 24, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. - -
Addrti* All CemiBsnietUo&s ts W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
-MAXAGEK'S OFFICE Telephone Fre» 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per WeelA-
Slngrle Copies. 5 Cents. ;
Terms hy Mail, Including Postagjei
DAILY CAUL, (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL, {Including Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including. Sunday), 3 months 1.50,
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.30
WEEKLY CALL. One Year -• 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscription 8.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of address . should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requtst.
OAKLAND OFFICE .1118 Broadimy
C. GEORGE KUOGXESS.
Manager Fereiga Advertising, Ktrqnette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619. fc ) •
ICEW TOBK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAULTO.V : Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHiatGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. .. .14OG G St., HT. W.
31ORTOX E. CBAXE, Correspondent.
BBAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109C Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. SW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
4
What you pay for extracts ls important, but
what you get ls ten times more important. Bur-
nett'sVanllla costs more because It's worth, more.
California Is producing daisies a foot in
circumference.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In Are-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. - A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st., Palace Hotel building •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
AUCTION SALES. .
By William G. Layng — Thursday. February 27, Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ontral — "The Corner Grocery."
Alcazar — '.The Head of the Family."
Columbia — "Way Down East."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Midnight Bell."
Fischer's Theater — "The French Maid." )
California — "Shooting the Chutes."
Tivoli "The Serenade."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Metropolitan Hall — Hofmann Evening:, Tuesday, Febru-
ary .25.
! il-.tropolitan Hall — Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Febru-
ary 26.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. -GERRYMANDERING
IN SANTA CLARA
COMPROMISES
DAMAGE CLAIM
ROMPING WIND IN ALAMEDA USES
TWO-STORY HOUSE AS PLAYTHING
GREAT RIVALRY
MARKS ELECTION
RECIPROCITY WITH
CUBA THE TOPIC
5Silver Heels Proves the Fleeter of the Youngsters in the Com
petition for the fGlassic Belle Brandon Clip*
D. J. HEALEY'S GREAT GREYHOUND
DEFEATS BEACON IN THE FINAL
SOME OF THE COURSING MEN
I WHO WATCHED GREYHOUNDS
RUN-IN THE RAIN. . >
THE. COAST RECORD.
Teroperatnre at 7 a. m., ;B2 degrees.
Red Bluff 1.34 20.94 21. SO
Sacramento 0.40 11.03 18.72
San Francisco 0.13 12.55 18.04
Fresno 0.01 3.S8 9.94
Independence 0.00 1.39 S.S3
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.01 10.37 27.04
Los Angeles Trace 5.82 13.66
San Diego 0.00 2.68 8.94
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, 51; mean, 53. •
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 23—3 p. m.
Tha ' following are the seasonal rainfall* to
date.', as compared with those of same data
last season, and rainfall -in last twenty-four
hours: . •;..--¦•-»,
Last Thia La«t
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 37. SO
Weather. Report.
(120th meridian— Pacific Ttm«.)
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The State De
partment has notified President Butler of
Columbia University of the receipt' of a
dispatch from Idlnlster Conger at Peking
giving full information as to the gift of
books and other material to illustrate the
instruction in Chinese subjects to be un
dertaken on the < new Dean Lun founda
tion. It appears that tha collection se
lected by the Foreign Office of China for
presentation to Columbia University is
known as the "T'3 Shu Chi Cheng."
It is the most comprehensive collection
of books that has been made in China.
The collection consists of over 6000 vol
umes, and treats of every subject known
to Chinese literature. The work was orig
inally undertaken by a commission of
eminent Chinese scholars appointed by
Emperor Kang Hal, who reigned from 1662
to 1723. From a scientific point of view
the gift Is invaluable.
to Chinese. Literature.
Treating of Every Subject Known
Collection Consists of Bare Voluxne3
GIPT OF VALUABLE BOOKS
EOB, COLUMBIA "TJUTVEBJ3ITT
"William Kettner of this city is credited
with having planned this notable pilgrim
age. • " ¦ . ¦' ¦; -•
Following the initiation, the Shriner3
sat down to a Spanish banquet at 2
o'clock this morning. Members were
present from Fresno, San Francisco,
Bakersfleld. Hanford. Tulare, Portervilla
and other points. The banquet hall has
been elaborately decorated and the visit
inr Shriners ' were ushered Into the pres
ence of the stateliest palms, the rarest
flowers and the choicest evergreens that
grow in this favored region. Samuel M.
Shortridge and Charles H. Murphy deliv
ered addresses.
s I*odgemen.
VISALIA, Feb. 23.— Not across burning
Bands, but through a region that had just
been blessed by t -e rain god, 250 Mystic
Shriners journeyed to Vlsalia Saturday.
Of these 200 came direct from San Fran
cisco.' The reason for the gathering was
that there were in this city forty noviti
ates awaiting induction into the order.
Visalia took a half -holiday In honor of
the visitors and the streets were brilliant
with fluttering flag3, bunting and stream
ers. . ...¦-"¦ ¦ ': ,-. .-•'
SHBINEES O1T A TTLGRIMAQB.
Vis alia the Mecca of a Small Army o£
Th& clay's programme commenced at 2
o'clock when a special train arrived from
L.03 Angeles, bringing' eleven companies
of the Uniform. Rank, all the brigade and
regimental officers and. nearly 2000 knighta
and sisters. The train was met by the
local company of the Uniform Rank and
the - parade was formed at the depot.
Headed by the Third Regiment Band, tha
regiment, escorted by the knights and
sisters, marched through the main streets
of the city to the reviewing stand, where
the visitors were formally welcomed.
Th.e address ¦ of welcome was delivered
by Mayor J. J. Hanford. He concluded
by presenting to the^visitors the key to
the city. " Judge D. K. Trask of Los An
geles, grand vice chancellor of the
Knights of Pythias, responded. Then, on
behalf of the Rathbone Sisters, Deputy
Grand Chief Mrs. Bettie C. Nlckell pre
sented to the Third Regiment a stand of
colors. .
But the excellence of the day's pro
gramme was far exceeded In brilliancy by
the evening's festivities. While tha
strangers danced In the pavilion the Rath
bone Sisters held forth In Odd Fellows'
Hall and In Armory Hall the important
work of the day was transacted— tha
Third Regiment of the Uniform Rank,
Knights of Pythias, was being completed
by the mustering in of the twelfth com
pany. This was followed by the exempli
fication of Initiatory ceremonies.
As the hour neared 10 o'clock an ad
journment was taken and all assembled
In the pavilion, where, after an exhibition
drill by Los Angeles Company No. 25 and
Riverside Company No. 30, the two prize
companies of the State, dancing: was en
joyed. Light refreshments wer© served
throughout the evening and th» pro
gramme concluded with the playing of
"Home, Sweet Home."
SAN BERNARDINO. Feb. 23.— One at
the biggest fraternal gatherings ever held
in Southern California assembled hero
yesterday, the occasion being tha muster
ing: In of Company L of the Uniform
Pwank, Knights of Pythias. The enrolling
of this company completes the muster of
the Third Regiment. The city was elab
orately decorated in honor of the hundreds
of visiting Pythians and RaUibone Sisters.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
With This Acquisition the
Third Regiment Is
Completed.
Company L of the Uni
form Rank Is Mus
tered In.
SAN BERNARDINO
FETES PYTHIANS
COURSING STAKE IS WON BY CLEVER SISQOUC.
Company C. First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Ser~ennr
E. W. Redell. 42 ; Corporal - C. Maasberir 29 •
Corporal F. . Linger. 1J»; Corporal R Power'
20; A. Burke, 24; C. Connolly. 27; R ' Ehren
ford. 31: H. Fentren. 38; W. C. Hayes £
Levy, IS; C. Olsen, 29: H. Pitt. 3U; B Sey
den, 31: H. Sharp, 22; H. Fleck. 20
Company G, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— CaDtaln
¦William Wall. 86: Sergeant Phillips 41- Ser
geant E. Noyes, . 30: Sergeant E. - Stroth - <M
F. SDillman. 40; W. • SpUlman. 39; J Solan'
SB; M. J. Lyons, 36; L.:Ayhnes^.2O- H Tutrsrv'
8; J. Grace. 13. .. , , "v
• United States Revolver • Association.^ second
telegraphic match between New York and
San Francisco teams — J. TE. Gorman 92 on
91—273; W. C. Ptichard. 88. 02, ' 83— 263 '•
Smith Cam 87. : 80, 85— 261; F.~ S. Washburn'
82. 78. 83—343; G. W. Hoadley. 82. 80? 67—
229; graad total, 12T4. - . - - '
BEDDING, Feb. 23.— The Niagara mine,
near. the town of French Gulch, In this
county, which yielded millions to the late
"William ' T. Coleniah and is now owned by
Holland ' capitalists, Is to be reopened
This Is the most welcome piece of mining
news that Shasta" County has received for
some time. \V. T. St: Auburn," formerly
manager of the' property, has succeeded
in getting control of it and is preparing
to reopen" the^ mine. A. complete new
plant will have to be- installed, as the
workings are too deep for the apparatus
now on hand. •
Tompsky. 14; E.^E. Kays.^ 32; Thomas Lind.
30; Sergeant J.- Murphy, 30. --.-.. - . -.
Niagara Wine to Se Reopened.
It ,1s understood that. the reticence of
the railway officials regarding these ship
ments, has been due to a desire not to al
lov>' the Harriman lines and other South
ern roads to learn their size and Impor
tance. Thus it happens that the ship
ments are practically completed before
any public announcement regarding them
is made. . • * . "*.
¦'. The short tobacco crop In Japan has
lessened the 'supply of the Government
tobacco monopoly there, making heavy
importations necessary. Learning this
fact, the northern" transcontinental roads
quoted close through rates, providing the
tobacco were shipped In trainload lots.
About S50 carloads of leaf have already
arrived at Sound points or are now en
route. The remainder of the 500 carloads
will come- West' between now and
April 1.
TACOMA, Feb. 23.— It. has Just. come to
light that the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern railways are quietly hauling not
less than 500 carloads of tobacco from
Virginia and other Southern States to Ta
coma and Seattle for shipment to the
Orient. The tobacco has t>een arriving in
trainload lots and going forward in great
quantities on all the steamers sailing re
cently. It consists chiefly of. tobacco leaf
racked in hogsheads, and will be used In
Japan and China for cigarettes. Most of
/t will be manufactured Into Japanese
cigarettes.- . ;
dred Carloads of Tobacco) for
the Orient.
Get the Transportation of Five Hun-
NORTHERN" BOADS' STEAL 4
• MARCH ON KAiRBIMAH
First race^ — Kllldoe, Clarando, Young Morello.
Second . race — Jennie McGowan, Delsegno,
Tom Mitchell.
Third race^ — Quiet, Invlctus, Parizade.J
Fourth race — Eonic, Floronso, "Waterscratch.
Fifth race — Tower of Candles, Sharp Bird,
Dr. Boyle.
Sixth race — Galanthus, Grafter, Sea Lion.
Selections for To-l>ay.
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
3318 El Key v ...... 106 3340 Galanthus ....106
(3330)Bassenzo .... 04 3339 Merops 109
3340 Grafter 10CJ 3334 Sea Lion ....112
3330 Legal Maxim. 94
Fifth race — Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
3326 Maresa 97 (3326)Dr. Boyle ...101
3302 Mission 98 J337 Sharp Bird. ..101
3009 Impromptu ... 08 (32S4)T. of Candles. 03
Fourth race— One mile and seventy yards;
selling; three-year-olds and upward.
(3307)Floronso 10T|(330S)Eonic 93
(3333)Waterscratch . 95 (3317)The Weaver... 02
(3331)Bragg bx\
Second race^ — Four furlongs; selling; maiden
two-Vear-olds.
Ped Tail IOJj 3233 J. H. Bennett.100
3320 Giiida ....... 1 101 3336 La Figaro ...1C0
3306 Len Reno lOo 3329 Delsegno 106
3291 Jen. McGo"wanl0:{ .... Mamie .103
3151 Temprano .... 08 3329 Tom Mitchell. 103
.... Border Mark. .10tt
"** Third race — Futurity course; selling; -three
year-olds and upward.
8340 Tiburon '.109 3216 Invlctus 109
8340 Educate 107 S227 Quiet 103
3157 Dawson 07 3311 Lemuel 106
3337 Alzura 107 (3035) Farizade 101
The entries for this afternoon's running
events at Oakland track are as follows:
First race^ — Futurity course; selling:: three
year-olds and upward.
3337 Clarando 107 3313 Scallywag ...109
3310 Louwelsea ...104 3305 Sllva Cruz ...100
... . Quldado 100 32S6 Tg. Morello...ll2
3330 Kllldoe ...... 07 3203 Bagdad 1U
3322 Zurich 100 1532 Tirade 112
Oakland Track entries.
The Mexican War veterans were rep
resented by Wellington C. Burnett of
San Jose, Captain Cleary and George
Thistleton of San Francisco, and Major
Sherman and General Thomas E.
Ketcham of Stockton, and the Grand
Parlor of Native Sons by Grand Secre
tary Henry Lunstedt of San Francisco,
Grand Trustee Joseph R. Knowland of
Alameda and Alexander Underwood of
Monterey. A delegation from the Na
tive Daughters' Grand Parlor will be
present when their stone 13 laid on Mon
day.
MONTEREY, Feb. 23.— Four more
stones of the sixty-six required for the
pedestal of the Sloat '.monument on the
United States Military Reservation at
thia place were put In place yesterday
with , appropriate and * Interesting cere
monies. -Mexican War veterans, Native
Sons and high. Masonic officials of this
State -united with the- Sloat Monument
Association In thus - celebrating Wash
ington's birthday. V;:lr;
' The stones ' laid . yesterday -were ' tho39
from. San. Francisco -and-- San- Joaquin
counties and those presented by the Mex
ican "War veterans and the Grand Parlor
of the > Native Sons. Two . others — those
contributed by the .Native Daughters and
by Placer County— will be laid on Monday.
' ¦ The day's ceremonies began at 10
o'clock with the raising of the flag over
the old . Custom-house, where Sloat flrst
flung: it i to the breeze on California soil.
A great-grandson of Commodore Sloat.
Mr. ¦Whlttemore-of San Francisco, had
the honor of raising it yesterday. A pro
cession was then formed and marched to
the monument site, where the stones
were laid, that of San Francisco being
first lowered into Its place. Vice Presi
dent Samuel W. Borinff<of the Sloat
Monument Association, assisted by Ma
jor Edwin A. Sherman of Oakland and
Captain- Thomas G. Lambert and J. W.
Baeby of Monterey, performed the Ma
sonic ceremonies of applying ' the tools
of the - craft in laying- the stones. The
tools used were those from Quitman
Lodge . of North Bloomfield, and were
chosen because that lodge is named after
General Quitman, a Mexican "War vet
eran, and military Governor of Mexico
City during the . American, occupation.
The exercises continued Into the after
noon, and included, besides the Masonic
rites, an address by Colonel Stuard, pres
ident of the Sloat Monument Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
That Given by San Francisco
County the First to Be
Placed.
Pour More Stones Are
Added "to the Sloat
Memorial.
SLOWLY REARING
THE MONUMENT
A storm of moderate energy Is central of?
the Washington coast, and has caused fain
as far south as Log Angeles. The rain ha j
been very heavy In, the Upper Sacramento -Vai
ley. -. ,¦»:-.-¦
The .^essure has fallen" rapidly over the
Pa=iac^».ast and risen east of the Rocky
Mountains. '¦- . -
• Brisk to high southerly winds are reported
from Central and Northern California. • ¦.
Conditions are favorable for showers Monday
in California.
Forecast ¦ made - at San Francisco for thlrty
hours ending midnight February 2-t:
Northern- California — Cloudy Monday, • with
showers; brisk, to high southerly wind.
Southern California — ClouUy Monday, witL
showers: fresh southwest wind.
Nevada — Rain or snow; brisk to high south
erly wind Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Clondy Monday.'
with showers; brisk ¦' to high southerly wlnj.'
G.-H.VWILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23.— Manager Mor
ley of the Los Angeles baseball team has
eigned Michael Roach, a catcher, who
played with Hartford last year. Tiie sign-
Ing of Roach practically completes the
Los Angeies team with the exception of
another pitcher. . , • • ,.-
Another Player for Los Angeles. 1
Clyde Greenacre, aged 24 years, a la
borer by occupation, sneaked Into a house
l.ept by -Mrs. Tessie Wall at O'Farrell
and Powell" .streets yesterday afternoon
and stole a: clock valued at $50. About
two hours later he was arrested on San
soxne. street by Police Officer J. B. Col
lins with the clock in his possession. He
was at once taken to \he City Prison and
charged with peity larceny. -
Sneak Thief Caughf.
The big dog-cf the Great Dane species
so familiar to customers In the Spreckels
market was poisoned yesterday afternoon
by an unknown miscreant. The animal
was discovered in the basement of the
market suffering from styrchnlne poison
and died shortly afterward. Hammond &
Bred, the butchers in the market, owned
the great dane and felt his loss acutely,
as they were deeply attached to him and
no offer was large enough to induce his
owners to sell the animal.
Valuable Dog Is i?oisoned.
After despoiling him of .his property the
i obbers warned Killoh not to report the
matter to. the police under penalty of
death. Despite their threat Killoh short
ly after the robbery went to the Southern
police station and told Captain Spillane
of his troubles. Detectives are now look
in? for Reed and Terry.
Killoh was walking along the . street
when two m«n whom he claims he rec
ognized as "Dutchy" Reed and Edward
Terry accosted him and at the point of
a pistol took his money and timepiece
i'rom him. .
James Killoh of 834 ¦ Folsom street was
held up .by .two men' within a block of his
heme Saturday night and robbed of J34
and a silver watch. >
Within a Block of His
Home.
James Killoh Held TJp and Bobbed
W. Magruire and T. Leach.. 21 21 - 19 16 .21
M. J. Kilgallon and J; Col
lins 11 14 21.21 17
J. Harlow and E. Curley... 21 12 21 17 21
J.'Riordan and D. Connelly 18 21 19 21 16
G. McDonald and P. Me- '
Intyre 21 18 21 20 . 21
M. McLeod and L. Car
• raine .' ...... 13 21 J 19 '. 21 17
"W. Kelly and G. Hutchlnson 21 21 lO^lSf'si
M. Dillon and,E. Maloney.. 16 17, 21«»21 14
J. Glynn and T. Serres..... 21 14 21' 12 21
E. White and J. Foley...... 20 21 17. 21 17
M. Joyce and J. Doherty. ...... 21 '21" 19 21
E. Doherty and H. Murray.... 13 14 21* 19
P. Farrell and J. Madden...... 21 20 21 -21
M. McNeeley and T. McSweeney 19 21 : 16 18
T. J. Mullen and H. Lederer 21 21 19 15 21
J, Meyer and A. Elberg.... 12 16 21 21 18
The handball games played -at Phil
Ryan's court yesterday resulted as fol
lows: — .
L. H. Bernard and W. D. Briggs 21 14 21 21
J. Dempsey and A. Whlteman . . 17 21 13 19
Handball Matches.
SAYS HE KNOWS MEET
' WHO TOOK HIS PBOPEBTY
Friday afternoon a man entered the
grocery and saloon of M. W. Bergin, 718
Harrison street, and asked for a glass of
beer. While he kept Bergin in conversa
tion another man came in and, grabbing
a valuable pair of scales,- ran out of the
store. He was pursued and dropped the
scales on Ritch street, making his escape.
The store of A. Fodera. poultry dealer.
Clay and Montgomery streets, was en
tered by a burglar early Saturday morn-
Ing and $17 50 taken from the cash regis
ter. : Entrance had been effected by un
screwing the hinges of a side door. ,
C. S. McLaren's store at 949 Fillmore
street was entered early yesterday morn
ing and the telephone box taken off the
wall, broken open and rifled of Its con
tents. A quantity of candy was also
stolen. • ¦
Pisces Visited and Money nnd
A Articles Stolen.
Fodera's Poultry Store and Other
EUKGLABS BUSY ON
DIFFEBENT STBEETS
,v*Red Men Schuetzen Company, monthly medal
ehoot— Champion clasi, "William Dressier, 341 •
first class, : J. . A. Mohr, : 833 ; second class, Her
man - Schultz. • 331 ; third . class, John Steiner *
358; : fourth ,¦ class. - H. . Cordsan. 24: - best flrst
Bhot.~~H. >Cordsen, 24; . best last shot P H
Rulffs. -20. ,- •, • . --. .'¦ *
r Company A; First. Infantry,' National Guard
of California, monthly medal «hoot — Colonel J
O'Hare,'46: W.H. Brown, 41; O. "Welle, 39- c'
Lauffer,' 37: : J. : J.-Hardio,;37; Captain George
L. | Balllnger, 36; Harry Foard. 36; J. Mllsner.
81 ; • W. Herbst, ¦ 10: - M. - J. « Duffy.* ¦ 16; O. S
Lleb, 28; P. B. Kyno, 80; W. Lawlor. 22; J.
. Golden ; Gate i Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot: Rifle handicap — M. : F. ' Blasse
218, 212, 209, 207; W.^G. Hoffmann, 220 222 :
C. M. Henderson. 207. Glindemann trophy W v
F. Blasse, 211; C. M. Henderson, 222; told
medal, F. E. Mason,' 225. ¦ Revolver handicap
J. E. Gorman, 92, 93, 93, 88, 91, 91; J ; W
Tompkins, 72, : 7S; C. O. .Wheeler, 58, 61 76*
G. WV Hoadley, 89, 79. - - Pistol handicap— G*
J. ¦ Tammeyer,- 80, 81; C. O. Wheeler, 7«; A*
C. : Thode. .77, ,76; Bilver medal, - J. Kullmann"
84, 74. 87,, 86; A. C. Thode/ 78.
:¦ San ; Francisco > Schuetzen • . Verein, "• monthly
bullseye ¦ shoot — Andrew Mocker. 190; J 1)
Heise, 1 255; E. Goetze, . 278; O. Burmelster - 309 :
S. Helno, 432 ; J. . Gefken, 492 ; A. Schaef e-'
006;* Henry Meyer, .672; Herman Huber 680*
F. Koch, 711 ;¦ R.~ Stettin, 733 ; F. Hensel. • 784 :
F. Rust. ,842: D. Salfleld," 949; G. H.' Bah™
963; August Pape, 979; Otto Lemcke,' SS5: Al-
J - der f Wlt ' : 1242^
Germania Schuetzen Club, competition shoot"
for cash. prizes — A. Papa 72, F. P. Schuster
70, • J. Gefken 60, •• A. • Gehret .70, F^ .E. Mason
70, J. D.Heise 68, N. Ahrens 66. D. B. Fak
tor 67. . ' " •¦..., * ¦
Germania Schuetzen Club, trophy shoot— F
P. Schuster 225, A., Gehret 221. D. Salfleld 208 v
H. Huber. 212, N. Ahrens 207. J. Gefken '205
E. Goetze 202. > . ..'.
Germania Schuetzen • Club, monthly bullseye
shoot — F. P. Schuster .. 64, ¦ F. E. Mason 108
A. Gehret 555, J. Gefken 667, N. Ahrens 715*
D. B. Faktor 811. C. M. Henderson 898 K
Goetze 902, H. Huber 1022. ' . \
-• Norddeutscher Schuetzen • Club, monthly
medal j shoot — Champion class — F. ¦ P. | Schus ter
433, J. Gefken 421; flrst class, not wot; sec
ond class. W. F. Garms 347; third class Otto
von I Boestel 334; : fourth Class, ¦ John Webke
355;; best first shot; August Hohmann 23: best
last shot, John Gefken 24. ¦ ...
The- other organizations prese'nt for
monthly medal or bullseye contests were
the Germania Schuetzen . Club. Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, Red Men's Schuetzen
Company and Companies A, C and G,
First Infantry, National Guard of Cali
fornia. . • • ¦
The day's scores are as follows:
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, yearly com
petition' shoot, prizes were won as follows :
Diamond pin, presented by William Glinde
mann, won by F. P. Schuster; $30,' presented
by the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, won by
Herman Huber; $25. presented by the Nord
deutscher Verein, won by John D. Helse; $20.
presented by William F. Garms, won by Gustav
Schultx; $15. • presented by Supervisor George
AlperB, won by F. C. Rust; $13 50, presented
by the club, won by D. Salfleld; $12 50, present
ed by the club, won by Andrew Mocker; $8, pre
sented by the club, won by William F. Garms ;
$10, • presented by Captain L. Slebe, won by
August Hohman; $10, presented by the club,
won by F. -Thode; $10. presented by the club,
won by Otto Lemcke; $8, presented by the
club, won by-John de Wit;. $7 50, presented
by the club, won by John Gefken; $7 60, pre
sented by the club, won by William Doell; $5,
presented by the club, won by F. Koch. Prizes
awarded for the most tickets— $10," presented ,by
Captain Slebe, won by William F. Garm«; $8,
presented by the club, won by Frank. Rust; S7
presented by the club, won by Gustav Schultz
$5, presented by the club, won by F. P. Schus
ter. ... v ..-, . . ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . •
The event- of the day was. the close of
the competition shoot and the annual re
union and banquet of the Norddeutschers.
The year's prizes were awarded at the
banquet.- The occasion was marked by
much enthusiasm and numerous speeches.
Supervisor George Alpers as ted as toast
master. Each prize winner and club offi
cer was compelled to respond to a toast.
F. P. Schuster for the second time was
awarded first prize.
An unusually large . number of marks
men were present at Shell Mound yes
terday, despite the Inclement weather.
The rain and the wind interfered to some
degree\wlth the work of the shooters, but
in general the scores were good.
The enthusiasm shown by the members
and friends of the Golden Gate Gun CiUb
under such trying circumstances as yes
terday augurs well for the coming event3.
Hosmer, Shields, McCutcheon^ Nauman, Gor
don,' F. Feudner, M. O. . Feudner, Price • Iver
son, Hoyt. W. J. Golcher, Robinson, Forster,
Varien, KerriBon, Rosenberg and Cooper.
The practice for bars, straights of fifteen
and twenty-five, resulted In Nauman win
ning seven silver and one gold bar, whllo
Otto Feudner won five silver and Edgar
Forster two silver bars. . y
Among those who. braved the elements
and competed in the sports were: »•
Second event — Sixteen yards, 15 birds:
M. O. Feudner 111101111111111 — 14
Nauman (s. b.) 111111111111111—15
Forster 001110011111111—11
Golcher 110111111101011—12
Varien 110111111011001—11
F. Feudner 111111111110111—14
Iverson 100111111110110—1]
Robinson 111011001110110 — 10
Slade , # 011111111101111 — 13
Hoyt 111001011001010— 8
McCutcheon 111111111101000—11;
Gordon 101001101011111—10
Price 101011010001111— 9
Kerrison. 011110110110101—10
The Golden Gate Gun Club members as
sembled at Ingleslde yesterday with ardor
nothing daunted nor spirits dampened by
the incessant downpour. of rain. The gale
of merry wlndsdid not even ruffle the
determined souls who were on sport bent,
wet or fine, cloud or^ shine. The day's
sport opened with shooting' for bars, fol
lowed by the special events. In the face
of a howling gale after the second event
the shooting was discontinued. In spite
of the climatic Interferences Nauman had
a score of twenty-ftye to his credit, there
by winning the gold bar.
The following are the scores of the two
events:
First event — Sixteen yards, 15 birds:
M. O. Feudner 101111101111111—13
Nauman 101110111111111—15
Varien 111111010101011—11
Cooper 000110000000001—3
F. Feudner : 111111111111000—12
Iverson 111111100110011—11
Hoyt 111000101110111— 10
W. Golcher 111H.1111011111 — 14
Slade 111111110100101 — 11
Robinson 110011011100010 — 8
Forster (s. b.) 111111111111111—15
Gordon 110010100111001— S
Policeman John Mullan was doing quar
antine duty at 891 Church street and
heard the woman's scream. He saw a
man running in his direction and ordered
him to stop. The man continued his
flight and Mullan fired a shot In the air
to Intimidate him. but it had no effect
and the man ran through a vacant lot to
Vlcksburg street and disappeared in the
darkness. What his object could have
been In attacking the woman is a puzzle
to the police.
Mrs. Lizzie McEntee, 521 Elizabeth
street, was walking along Church street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty
third. Saturday night, shortly before 10
o'clock, when a young man asked her to
direct him to some number. . She turned
round to show him, when he struck her
a violent blow on the back of the head
with his clenched fist. Before he could
repeat the blow she uttered a, piercing
scream and he ran.
but Succeeds in Making His
Escape:
He. Is Pursued by Policeman Mullan,
WOMAN ATTACKED BY
MAN ON CHURCH STREET
Shooting Organization's
Hold Exciting Con
bests*
Golden Gate Club Ex
perts Bravely Pace
Elements.
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SHELL MOUND
GUNMEN SHOOT
IN HIGH GALE
When Searle was undressing to go to bed
he discovered" that< his purse, which con
tained ?60 in gold coin, had. been stolen
from his pocket, and he immediately sus
pected the woman who had followed him
into his doorway. Yesterday morning he
notified the police of his loss and gave an
accurate description of the supposed
thief. He said that she had not talked to
him more than a minute and must have
been an expert at the business of picking
pockets. .. •
While Standing^ in; His Own
Doorway^
Richard Searle, 2S Eighth street, was
accosted by two womeri.while entering his
residence about 1 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing. One followed him. into his doorway
and asked him If a certain family lived
in the neighborhood. Searle told her he
did not know, and she walked away -and
joined her companion, who had remained
outside. ¦ - .. .. ....
Eicliard Searle Relieved of His Purse
HIS POCKET CLEVERLY *
PICKED BY A WOMAN
TTT^y "J. HEALET, the Petaluma
I Ml leashman, carried oft the ma-
S //"¦•• •' or p° rti ° n ot tne hon ° rs at
l3L*zr 0 the seventh annual meeting of
the Interstate Coursing Club,
held yesterday at Union Park.
His great \ greyhound Sisquoc defeated
A. R. Curtis' Beacon, considered the fast
est greyhound in, America, for the rich
California Plate stake, a sensa
tional deciding course. . ? .¦-
Mr. Healey's Tiburon won the consola
tion stake for dogs beaten in the •. first
round of the plate, defeating Loyal Lad.
Of the last eight doga left in the Belle
Brandon challenge cup stake" yesterday
morning four were the property of Mr.
Healey. This stake finally! went to W.
Raught's Silver Heels, with J. J. Ma
loney's Topsy Turvy runner up.
The coursing was held" in. a drenching
rain, which fell almost without interrup
tion, throughout 'the day. The attendance
was large, the betting ring containing a
surging, jostling crowd which made loco
motion impossible. The spectators were
under cover, while the field officials, clad
iiv waterproofs, galloped about through
all the downpour. ,'."•' ;
¦¦ The feature of the card was the Cali
fornia Plate, which was won for the first
time last year by Palo Alto. Of the last
four dogs left , in the stake three were
f rcm the kennel of A. R. Curtis, while
S»squoc mado up the quartet. With Bea
con, Rector and Anchor, it seemed the
honors must go to the San Jose coursing
man. Slsauoc -. and. Beacon won their
courses and were left to struggle- for the
long end of the purse.
' It was nearly dusk when they went to
the slips for the all-Important deciding
course. The betting opened with Beacon
a. Ito 2 favorite. The odds fluctuated be
tween 2 and 3 to 1. the bulk of the money
going in at the former figure. Slsquoc
had had 110 seconds' running up to. this
time to. 80. for Beacon:, When the hare
made its appearance and the dogs were
liberated Beacon at once showed the
speed. He scored five points before Sis
quoc joined in. It was give and ,take
then, first one dog and then the other
scoring. The hare was a flyer, and, after
running well up the field, he doubled back
toward the south side of the park. At
this time Sisquoc was doing all the work,
winning ultimately by a score of 17 points
to 12. The dogs ran 110 seconds.
The life of the hare was saved by Slip
per James Grace, who caught and tossed
the tired animal. over, a three-foot fence
where the greyhounds could not reach it.
Sisquoc proved himself the best dog in
the running, having a great flight of
speed and unlimited gameness. He will
meet Sacramento Boy in a special match
one week from next Sunday.
Mr. Healey and his friends are enjoying
a laugh at the expense of A. Orthwen, a
wealthy St. Louis man, who wanted to
buy the Petaluma man's , kennel. The
latter fixed a price of $1000 for some ten
greyhounds, including all those that dis
tinguished themselves yesterday. The
prospective purchaser has been backing
and filling over the matter and allowed
the sale to lapse. | The greyhounds won
$500 in prize money yesterday, and it is
doubtful if they could now be secured for
JoOOO. The saplings are among the most
promising youngsters ever seen here and
great things are expected of them when
they mature. >
The day's results with ' Judge John
Grace s official scores follow: -
: _ Belle Brandon Challenge Cup stake— D. J.
Healey s John McKenna. beat E. Geary's Una,
4-2; D. J. Healey's Spencer beat J. Shendon's
Don t Know, (5-5; J. J. Mahoney's Topsy
Turvy beat D. J. Healey'a Missouri, 6-0; W;
Raught's Silver Heels beat D. J. Healey's
Can't Te11,; 4-0.
Second round — Topsy Turvy beat John Mc-
Kenna, 15-S; Silver Heels beat Spencer, 8-0.
Deciding course — W. Raught's Silver Heels
(Fetter Free. Imp.-Dalsy Belle) . beat J. J.
Maloney's Topsy Turvy (Happy Day-Gercel),
California Plate— A. R. Curtis' Rector beat
H. H. Gray'B Rona, 5-0; W. H. Hinchman's
Wild Norah beat E. Geary's Ireland, 3-2; P.
J. Rellly's Royal Union beat R. W.I Mastlck's
Roy Hughie, 4-0; J. H. Rosseter's Rural-Art
ist beat G. Sharman's Little Sister, 6-0; J. H.
Rosseter's Roman Athlete beat H. W. Rlke'a
Jingle Bells. 5-0; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy, 5-1; A. R.. Curtis'.
War Easrle beat F. J. Sims' Merrimac, 12-10 ;
F. J. Sims' A. J. Martin beat Sterl & Knowles'
Cold Shivers, 4-3; A. R. Curtis' ¦ Flylnjr Fox
beat T. J. Mclnerney's Norah, 11-5; A. R.
Curtis' Anchor beat J. H. Rosseter's Regal
Attire, 4-3; J. H. Rosseter's Real Article beat
Chlarlni Bros.' Tame Tralee, 7-6; S. Handy's
Liberator beat. G. Sharman's Firm Fellow. 11
6; A. R. Curtis' Beacon beat -E. Casserly'a
Harlean Gladys. 4-2: -O. Zahl's Homer Boy
beat J. L. Ross* Game Boy. 4-1; J. L. Ross'
Fontenoy beat Chlarlni Bros.' White Hat, 8-1;
Chlarinl Bros.' Santonin beat A. R. Curtis'
Luxor, 10-8. . : ¦
Second round— Rector beat Wild Norah, 8-0f
Rural Artist beat- Royal Union. 5-0; Sisquoc
beat Roman Athlete.. 8-0; A. -J. Martin beat
W ar^Eagle, 11-6; Flying Fox beat Real: Arti
cle, ' 7-4; Anchor beat Liberator, 6-4; .Beacon
beat Homer Boy. 6-0; Fontenoy beat Santonin,^
3-2. ¦ ¦ . . • ' ' ¦ , ¦¦ ¦: ? - ¦ .
"Third round— Rector beat Rural Artist, 6-0;
Sisquoc beat Flying Fox, 4-1; Anchor beat A.
J. Martin, 17-12; Beacon beat: Fontenoy, 6-1.
Fourth round — Sisquoc beat Rector, 5-4;
Beacon beat Anchor, 8-0.
Deciding course — D. J. Healey'a Sisquoc
(Emm Pasha-Wave) beat A. R. Curtis' Baacon
(Skyrocket-Buenretiro), 17-12.
California Plate consolation stake— Loyal
Lad beat Clara : Barton. 5-2; . Fenii beat Real
Aristocrat, • 12-6: Sempronius beat Lovina,-13
6; Charta beat Tapioca, ' 6-3 ; Ruby Sankey beat
Fiery Face. 4-2; Annie Hall beat Elista, 3-0;
Fannie Husrhle beat Sliver Cloud, 10-4;; Flora
McDonald beat America. 3-2; Reckless Ad
mirer a bye; Rocker beat Fine Fire, 22-14;
Mayflower beat ¦ Leola, 8-4; Lost Chord beat
Lear Kin*. 6-0; Wedgewood beat . Bonnie
Pasha, 3-1 ; Vandal beat Freeze Out, 6-3 ;
Tiburon beat Royal Archer,, 6-2; Freda C beat'
Narcissus,; 3-0: , . • -. . -
_ Second round— Loyal Lad !; beat Fenii. 3-1;
Sempronlua beat Charta, 6-6; Annie Hali beat
Ruby- Sankey. 15-12: Flora McDonald beat
Fannie Hughie, 6-2; Reckless Admirer a -bye;
Lost Chord beat Mayflower.; 6-0; Wedgewood
beat Vandal, 4-2; Tiburon beat Freda C 7-1 .'
, ATA T n hlr 2., roun , d — foyal ' Lad beat Sempronius,
10-6; Flora McDonald beat Annie Hall, 4-2-
Lost Chord , beat * Reckless ¦ Admirer, . 6-0:
Tiburon beat Wedgewood/, 0-0. .
-Fourth round— Loyal Lad beat Flora Mc-
Donald, 15-7; Tiburon a bye; Lost Chord with
drawn, i - : ':¦'¦¦« ¦--.¦-.•, i - --' -• ¦. ¦ ¦
course— D. J. . Healey' a Tiburon
(Pretender-Procrastination) '¦- beat . J. JL. • Rosa"
Loyal Lad -.; (Crawford . Lad, Imp.-Blackette),
Murray and Mack, the "funny fellows,"
begin a short engagement at the Califor
nia Theater this evening. Their offering
is entitled "Shooting the Chutes," and is
said to be brimful of fun. The comedians
arc accompanied toy a large company and
promise a budget of funny songs and do
ings. ¦
The sale of seats /or the Emma Nevada
concerts will open on Wednesday morn
ing at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s store. The
first concert by the noted songstress will
take- place next Monday evening.
-A piano recital by the "angelus piano
player" will be given next. Saturday even
ing at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s hall. The
v ictor talking machine" will also be ex
hibited and Gladys Piver Ray, the mezzo
soprano, will be heard.
Lenien's Pan-American Winter Circus
¦will open a season on Wednesday even-
Ing at Woodward's Pavilion, presenting
a big collection of animals and a selected
vaudeville bill.
•.-' •»•¦; •
A concert by the "Pianola" will be
given at Metropolitan Temple to-morrow
evening under the direction of Kohler
& Chase. Mrs. Grace Dickman, the
contralto, will sing a number of favorite
selections. • •
On Wednesday evening the Chicago
Symphony Orchestra will give its tirst
concert in this city at Metropolitan Tern
p'?. The fifty-five artists will be under
the direction of Adolph . Rosenbecker and
will be asisted by Mme. "Ragna Linne, so
prano; E. C. Towne, tenor; M. van Oordt
¦violinist, and Franz Wagner, 'cellist "The
features of Wednesday's concert will be
Mendelssohn's Scotc symphony; Bizet's
"Carmen" suite and Wieniawski's violin
concerto. The remaining concerts will be
riven on Friday night, Saturday
noon and evenlnjr.
• • . •
The Chutes had a fair attendance yes
terday considering the heavy storm, "and
those who visited the popular resort were
well rewarded, for the vaudeville bill was
of unusual excellence. Wincherman's
trained bears, seen last week at the Or
pheum, made a big hit with the audience
tx the Chutes. Ella Burt's thrilling bi
cycle ride down the chutes. continues to
be a sensational attraction. The collec
tion of animals in the zoo was well pa
tronized.
"The Orient Express" was played for
th? last time at the matinee and night
performance at the Alcazar Theater yes
terday, good houses being present. To
night Crane's successful comedy. "The
Head of the Family," will be produced
for the first time in this city.
Fischer's Theater on O'Farrell street
will be opened this evening with a lavish
production of the musical comedy "The
French MaicJ." with a cast of players
brought from New Yrrk City. Pilar Mo
rin, the famous pantomimist. heads the
company, and she is herself a big attrac
tion. The management promise a bevy
of pretty girls in the chorus and costly
costumes and scenic effects. Popular
prices will rule at the new theater.
The Central Theater continues to pre
sent a strong* line of attractions. The
play "An African King" received its final
presentation last night, and the well
known comedy "The Corner Grocery"
will be seen to-night, with a long cast
and a good selection of specialties.
• *• •
George Ober, the comedian. Is in great
favor with the audiences of the Grand
Opera House and his work in "A Tem
perance Town" caused the heartiest
laughter last night. This evening the
stock company will be seen in a revival
of "A Midnight Bell." one of Hoyt's b**st
comedies.
The so-called "pastoral" play, " 'Way
Down East." attracted a good-sized audi
ence to the Columbia Theater last even
ing. The production will enter on its sec
ond and last week this evening. Augus
tu: Thomas' play, "Arizona," is sched
uled to be seen at this house next week.
The final presentation of "The Ameer"
took place last night at the Tivoli and
was witnessed by a large audience. To
night the management will produce "The
Serenade" for the first time in America
at popular prices. The big success of the
Bcstonians should give the Tivoli com
pany every opportunity for scoring well.
Billy "Single" Clifford, one of the new
people at the Orpheum this week, was
called before the curtain last night at the
close of his turn and made -a neat speech
thanking the audience for its demonstra
live approval of his work. Josephine Sa
bel, who returned for a week, was as
lively and as pleasing as ever. Pathos
and burlesque are strangely intermingled
in the sketch entitled "The Absent
Minded Beggar," presented by J. C. Nu
gent and Grace Fertlg. The three Meers
:n their 'slack- wire feats were daring and
amusing. Warren and Blanchard have an
amusing musical number in which Is in
troduced several new and pleasing songs.
Among the old favorites, the Blossoms
presented some new comical acrobatic
feats and the Hawaiian Glee Club ren
dered several new selections in the plaint
ive melody -of their language. An entire
change in repertoire was given by the
Probyn Ladies' Quartet. Not to be out
done in variety, new pictures were flashed
on fhe screen by the biograph.
Laughter is king this week at the Cali
fornia, with the Irish comedians, Murray
and Mack, presenting a new edition ct
their vaudeville farce "Shooting t«e
Chutes."' The piece makes no pretense at
possessing a plot, but serves as a vehicle
for a number of clever artists to exhibit
their diversified talents. There is plenty
of music and the play abounds with hu^
raor throughout its three acts. Onaries
Murray nearly has the audience in nys
terics with his grotesque motions and his
dance while sitting on a chair reading a
newspaper provokes much laughter. Ollie
.Mack Murray's diminutive partner, helpa
along the fun, and the turn of the two
comedians in a conversation song- and
dance is extremely droll. Edward and
Winnie Jolly are heard to advantage in
coon songs, and Kittle Beck, the 6ou*
brette of the company. Is a graceful dan
cer and sings well. Her song, "A Lessou
in Love," in which she is supported by
a double quintet of ladies, is pleasing: and
earned a recall last night". Gus Pixley,
v.iio was a madrigal boy in Emerson's
minstrels in the early eighties, plays Iho
part of a tramp and a.n anarchist in good
style. Miss Kaleryne Roberts as the
buxom German cook is well placed, and
the other parts are in capable hands.
Next week Anthony Hope's "Rupert of
Hentzau" begins a week's engagement.
Policeman Douglass happened to reach
the corner of Hardie place as Bergholtz
fell and the noise of the fall attracted his
attention. He saw Poggi, who was bend
ing over Bergholtz. turn and run along
with the other man to Kearny street. The
officer caught Poggi and shouted to sev
eral men who were at the entrance to the
alley to catch the other man, but they
maae no effort to. stop him anS he es
caped. ,
Robbery was undoubtedly their object,
as Douglass found a murderous looking
weapon in the alley which had evidently
been thrown away by Poggi after he had
struck Bergholtz on the head with it. It
is a piece of solid iron about a foot long.
One end had been packed with small
pieces of iron and leather sewed over them
¦to keep them In place. Pieces of clothes
line are twisted around the iron and fin
ished off with a hand loop.
Poggi made a statement to the police
yesterday. He throws the blame upon the
man who escaped, and says he was a
stranger whom he met in a saloon on
Kearny street. He said he had been liv
ing till a week ago at 418 Union street, but
would not say where he had been living
since. .He had been working for the
Union Canning Company from Christmas
till February 15, he said. The police do
not believe his story. He will be de
tained in the "tanks" pending the result
of Bergholtz's injuries. -
Bwgholtz's statement to the officers
yesterday- was that while standing listen
ing to tne Salvationists Poggi and . an
otner man stood alongside of him. One
of them spoke to him, but he did not
know what he said. After leaving the
army meeting he walked along Kearny
street and turned into Hardie place,
thinking it would take him into* Market
street. When he saw it was a blind alley
he retraced hissteps and some one struck
him on the head, knocking him uncon
scious.
John Poggi, the man who was arrested
by Policeman George Douglass, was taken
to the hosyital yesterday uy uougiass and
.Detective .ttioraan, ana jL»erghuitz posi
tively identiiied him as one or two men
whorfjpoke to him while lie was listening
to the Salvation Army on Kearny street,
between Jackson and Washington.
Walter Bergholtz, fireman on the
steamer Titania, who was struck on the
head with a blackjack in Hardie place
late Saturday night, is suffering from a
concussion of the brain. He is at the
Emergency Hospital and the surgeons say
his skull may be fractured, v
Orpheum Gives Usual Good
Show— Alcazar Presents
Fine Play.
John Fojgi Is Identified as
One of Two Men Who
Attacked Him.
Bergholtz Suffers From
Concussion of the .
Murray and Mack De
light Audience With
Comicalities.
MIRTH REIGNS
AT CALIFORNIA
FOOTPAD'S BLOW
MAY BE FATAL
THE SAN • CALL; MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1902.
6
'-, .,1'. -¦ C3
STATION'S.. |
I 3
. it
at
4
I 1
%
. "5"
3
Astoria 29.52 56 43
Baker ...29.83 44. 32
Carson .....'..29.84 48 30
Eureka 56
Fresno ...30.00 60 40
Flagstaff .....30.03 44 6
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 06 48 36
Independence 30.00 52 30
Loa Angeles. .30. OS 62 50
Phoentx 3O.O4 70 42
Portland 29.62 48 4S
Red Bluff 23.S2 50 4S .
Ro3eburg . . . .20.64 56- 46
Sacramento ..2D.8S 5« 48
Salt Lake ....30.04 52 3S
San Franclsco.2:>.8S .54 52
S. I*. Oblspo. .30.10 CO 50
San Diego. ...30.04 60 50
Seattle 29. 5S 52 34
Spokane 20. SO 46 24
Neah Bay.... 29.44 4S 44
Walla Walla.. 20.80 38 SO
Wlnnemucca .29.90 4S 30
Tuna 30.02 72 46
SE Cloudy .10
SE Rain .02
S Cloudy T.
E Rain I . "
SW Cloudy .22
SE , Cloudy .00
SE Cloudy .CO
W Cloudy T.
NW Cloudy .0u
NE Cloudy .12
SE Rain l.JW
S Rain .is
SE Rain .40
NW Pt CldjT.Ot
..SE Ratn- ,12
S Cloudy .utj
NE Cloudy .00
W Rain .01
E Cloudy .00
E Rain .80
NE Ratn .01
S . Rain ' T.
W .. Cloudy .00
'-, .,1'. -¦ C3
STATION'S.. |
I 3
. it
at
4
I 1
%
. "5"
3
Astoria 29.52 56 43
Baker ...29.83 44. 32
Carson .....'..29.84 48 30
Eureka 56
Fresno ...30.00 60 40
Flagstaff .....30.03 44 6
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 06 48 36
Independence 30.00 52 30
Loa Angeles. .30. OS 62 50
Phoentx 3O.O4 70 42
Portland 29.62 48 4S
Red Bluff 23.S2 50 4S .
Ro3eburg . . . .20.64 56- 46
Sacramento ..2D.8S 5« 48
Salt Lake ....30.04 52 3S
San Franclsco.2:>.8S .54 52
S. I*. Oblspo. .30.10 CO 50
San Diego. ...30.04 60 50
Seattle 29. 5S 52 34
Spokane 20. SO 46 24
Neah Bay.... 29.44 4S 44
Walla Walla.. 20.80 38 SO
Wlnnemucca .29.90 4S 30
Tuna 30.02 72 46
SE Cloudy .10
SE Rain .02
S Cloudy T.
E Rain I . "
SW Cloudy .22
SE , Cloudy .00
SE Cloudy .CO
W Cloudy T.
NW Cloudy .0u
NE Cloudy .12
SE Rain l.JW
S Rain .is
SE Rain .40
NW Pt CldjT.Ot
..SE Ratn- ,12
S Cloudy .utj
NE Cloudy .00
W Rain .01
E Cloudy .00
E Rain .80
NE Ratn .01
S . Rain ' T.
W .. Cloudy .00
The Lyceum Clothing Company
will sell to-morrow as their special $2.50
men's stylish' hats for 90 cents at th*
manufacturer's sale, 915 Market street •
opposite Mason. . ¦ • '
Is making great efforts in . getting this
large and well selected stock of clothing
in order. Brooker Bros. '; are *,the best
known clothing manufacturers .In , New
York. Their cheapest suits were ¦ neveo
retailed for less than $15, yet, when'^the
Boston will open its doors on ! Thursday
you will'be able to get yourself suited for
only $4.65 at the assignee sale of clothing,
773 Market street, near Fourth. ¦ „ • .«
P. C. Kelly, Assignee,THE Druids of San Francisco, rep
resenting the various local groves,
circles and ladles' branch, Hart
nagle Chapter, the higher branch,
and the Past Arch Association,
composed of past presiding officers, have
held their first joint memorial service
since the adoption at the session in Plac
erville In 1SS9 of a resolution authorizing
such service. The ceremonies were held
yesterday afternoon in Golden Gate Hall,
Tvhich had been most tastefully decorated
for the solemn occasion. The disagreeable
weather did not prevent the attendance
<">f a sufficiently large number of people
to comfortably fill the hall. The stage
was occupied by Noble Grand Arch Julius
S. Godeau, Grand Secretary James F.
Martinoni. Grand Treasurer F. J. Horn;
R. P. Troy, orator; W. G. Antonovich,
eulogist; James Hagan, chairman of the
'peneral committee; J. J. Molleson, secre
tary: L. M. Fabry, treasurer; John Hut
ton, chaplain, and members -of the com
mittee.
The exercises opened with "Calvary,"
by Menke's orchestra. The noble grand
arch delivered a short address explana
tory of the initial service by the order in
this c!ty. Herbert Williams rendered
"The Holy City." after which Miss Try
phina Pritchard In a most dramatic man-
PROMINENT DRUIDS WHO TOOK PART IN THE MEMORIAL SER
VICES HELD YESTERDAY AFTERNOON IN GOLDEN GATE HALL
OUT OF RESPECT TO THE MEMORY OF DEPARTED MEMBERS.
MADRID, Feb. 23.— A council of minis
ters is in session here to-night to discuss
means tb maintain public order. .
The general situation is greatly im
proved. Several labor societies here have
declined", to join in- the strike. Official
telegrams declare that order prevails ev
erywhere in the "provinces. More troops
have been drafted to Barcelona, but it is
hoped that the worst of the trouble ia
over. The' strikers at Barcelona have de
mande,1 payment in full of their wages for
the pat>t week. The employers have re*
fused, these .demands,, except in a few
cases where they were acceded to in the
hope of conciliating the men. Following
the> advice of the captain general, many
factories at Barcelona have agreed to re
start their fires, though it is doubtful If
the men will resume work. The refusal of
the -authorities to liberate the arrested
strike leaders Is causing resentment, i Iso
lated riots are still reported.
At Sarria, a .village near 'Barcelona,
some men were " arrested for experiment
ing with expl9sives. One of these men
fired upon the police and a fight ensued, In
which one policeman and one workman
were killed and two men wounded.
At Pedralbes ' two strikers were killed
in a conflict with the police.
¦ E31 Liberal of -Madrid publishes an inter-
View with the captain general of Barce*
lona, in whlchhe said he had toured the
town and that he had been well received
everywhere. He said he hoped the strik
ers would resume work Monday next, and
characterized the • Sarria | affair as . unim
portant.-. The captain general declared the
situation at Barcelona did not inspire him
with anxiety.
MANILA, Feb. 23.— A force of . native
constabulary at Santa Cruz, province of
Laguna, Luzon, has captured Cortez, sec
ond in command of the insurgent General
Malvar, and turned him over to the mlli-
Itary authorities. Cortez was in fancied
security in a suburb of Santa Cruz known
as Alipit, and was raising funds for the
insurrection. A friendly native Informed
Inspector Sorensen of this fact, and the
capture of Cortez followed.
Few Insurgents remain in "the provinces
of Batangas and Laguna. General J.
Franklin Bell has accomplished his In*
tended purpose of ridding this district of
Insurgents, though for the present the
Civil Commission considers It inadvisable
to declare the provinces In question paci
fied. ..
Large numbers of insurgents who have
been driven from Batangas and Laguna
have joined the ladrones in the neighbor*
ing province of Cavite, where the native
constabulary is bounding them from place
to place. General Trias, the present Gov
ernor of Cavite province, who formerly
bitterly opposed the Americans in that
district, has given proof of his frlendlu
ness, and is using every effort to run
down and capture the Cavite ladrones. Ho
is sending volunteer companies of bolomen
to assist the constabulary in suppressing
disorder. The natives of Cavite province,
provoked at the continued disorder created
by the ladrones, are spontaneously offer*
ing themselves in large numbers to assist
the authorities in , maintaining peace in
the province. The Civil Commission rec
ognizes this attitude, to be largely due to
the influence of General Trias.- »
MANILA. Feb. 23.— Acting Civil Gov
ernor .Wrigia*, replying to a question ad
dressed him by the American Chamber of
Commerce, said . that the , United States
Philippine Commission . unanimously fa
vored a modification of the present order
prohibiting Chinese from entering the
Philippines.
STRIKE LEADERS
STILL IN PRISON
Three Killed, in a Wreck.
ANTIGO, Wia., Feb.' 23.— A -head-on col
lision between freight trains occurred late
last night near. Summit Lake, < on the
Northwestern road, eighteen miles north
of this city. Fred Lyons and Roy Mitchell,
brakemen. i and-- Bert Nightsor, fireman,
were instantly killed and Harry - Hogan,
engineer, badly hurt. -•'.-¦
BERLIN, Feb. 23.— Various events dur
ing the past week occurred to dampen the
temper of the Boerse. The opinion of At
torney General Knox as to the legality of
the Northern Securities Company merger
gave speculators a warning -of caution.
The - semi-annual report of the Laura
Company, one of the largest iron and coal
companies In Germany, which shows over
2,000,000 marks of decreased earnings and
actual loss • in the - iron departments,
caused all iron shares to weaken. Coal
shares also declined upon the growth of
difficulties in the coal market and the ac
cumulation of stock.
The money situation, together with the
high rates for the London carry-over 'and
the situation in Kaffirs, made a strong de
mand for English" exchange, which is now
near the. gold point. '. The export of gold
.to London Is regarded as probable in a
few days. Exchange on Paris Is already
15' pfennigs above the gold point. The
market showed little interest In American
securities and no disposition to buy. .
LONDON, Feb. 23.— The past week on
the Stock Exchange was uninteresting,
business being at a low ebb in all the de
partments. The borrowings from the
Bank of England increased by over £2,000,
000 during the week. This was sufficiently
discouraging, but the number of forced
settlements, of speculators who had
plunged beyond their means added to the
depression, while the publication of the
opinion of Attorney General Knox con
corning the Northern Securities Com
pany, which is in opposition to what was
generally expected, came as a decided
shock and' effectually checked speculation
in the American section. Confidence in
the soundness of the industrial position
of the United States remains unshaken,
but operators undoubtedly await the
clearing [ of the legal atmosphere* before
embarking on extensive and fresh deal
ings. The confident pronouncement of
Marconi concerning the possibilities of
wireless telegraphy adversely affected
cable shares.
•Detective Reynolds and Policeman Nel
son were detailed on the case and for
three days have: been trailing the man
now under arrest. After satisfying them
selves that they were Y on -the track
of the . right man the detective and the
policeman decided to take him into cus
tody. This they did last evening and in
his effects found two sacks of coin which
they -say" were ..taken from Phillips' sa
loon. . . '
The police have a man In custody who
will be charged with the burglary of Tony
Phillips' saloon, ' 2901 . Baker street, > last
Wednesday night. Phillips' reported- tho
burglary. to the police and after they; had
made an Investigation' they, were Inclined
to believe that it was an "inside job,", and
that the $1178 Phillips said he lost '.was
still In his custody, but further investiga
tion' strengthened his ¦ statement that he
had- been, the vlctim;of thieves. •¦• .
Who Entered Tony Phillips'
Place.
Eelie ve • They Have Thief in Custod v
POLICE ARREST MAN
FOR LOOTING SALOON
ner recited Eben E. Rexford's "Resur
gam," the story of the passing of a violet
and its resurrection, as illustrative of a
pure life. Mrs. Nellie Augusta Darling
Bang in a sweet soprano voice "Where 13
Heaven?" This was followed by the sing
ing of the Druldic hymn by the Knicker
bocker Quartet and the calling by Grand
Secretary Martinonl of the following roll
of those members of the order who passed
away In the year preceding February 1.
J. M. Graves, Jacob Nicols, X. Dimmers,
ft. J. Kurkau. Sister P. Flores. John Soitz. V.
Huf schmldt, A. E.Hempel. Theodore Wollltz,
Joseph Scbmetz, G. Lamarque, M. Joubert, D.
P. Brown, Gennero Scotto. E. Slveroni, Frans
Oscar Nelson, Walter H. Miller, Ben Bentsen.
Giovanni Pionso, Mansueto Deapastinl, Guiglio
Rlpusci. Alberto Andreani. Pletro Baima. A.
Denegri, R. H. Hession, B. Canepa. M. Laz
rarini, G. Vellisone.
The eulogy was delivered by W. G. An
tonovieh, whose words were a most feel
ing tribute to the memory of those whose
names were read, particularly when refer
ence was made to the late grand secre
tary," John M. Graves, and the late grand
trustee, Jacob NIcols. The quartet ren
dered "Nearer, My God, to Thee." the or
chestra played "Lead, Kindly Light." A
L. Larsen sang "The Palms" and R. P.
Troy of Manzanita Grove delivered the
INSURGENT CHIEF
CORTEZ TAKEN
oration, which was a most brilliant expo
sition of Druidism. His theme was the
unselfishness of the order and the great
good that it has done for the human race
since its institution under its present prin
ciples In England in 1781. This was fol
lowed by a violin solo by Carl A. Krone,
exceedingly well rendered; a tenor solo,
•*O Rest in the Lord," Dr. R. W. Smith:
"Gathering Home," by the quartet, and
"Beyond the Gates of Paradise," by 6
year-old Clarence Krone, a remarkable
musical, prodigy. The service closed by a
benediction by John Hutton, one of tho
oldest Druids in this city, and the singing
of "America" by the quartet and the
audience.
Baskets of beautiful violets and roses
were presented to Miss Pritchard, ' Mrs.
Darling and Master Krone.
The affair was under the direction of the
following committees:
General committee — James Hagan, chairman;
J. J. 1 Mollison, secretary: L. M. Fabry.v treas
urer; MIrs Li. Manglnl, E. Mahler. L. Palmer,
M. D. Vorrath, J. B. .Camon. A. Olsen, C.
Valente. Mrs. Mary Bowers. L" Fernandez,
I). G. ¦ Antonovich, J. M. Hernon. A. Rosala,
G. : Fattalga. Mrs. V. 3. Horn. K. O. Stock,
H. G. Armstrong, M. J. Bowers, D. Bamman,
J. Gpsch and A. Costa..
Reception — Pressldinj? officers of groves, cir
cles, chapters and Fast Arch Association.
About a week ago the three brothers
rode into the trading post at Tucumcari,
where Tompkins Brothers conduct a gen
eral store. They rode up to the place and
made the salesman fit each of them out
with a new suit of clothes. The proprie
tor of the H. O/W. ranch arrived in the
store and warned them that New Mexico
was not lawless, as it used to be. They
rode past his place and wantonly shejt
several of his cows In the corral, then
LAS VEGAS, N. M., Feb. 23.— The three
Spikes brothers, who started out less
than three weeks ago to make a new rec
ord as "bad men,". are all dead. The news
of their taking off came by messenger
from the wild country in the south end of
this county. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LIMA, Peru, Feb. 23.— In view of the fall
in the rate of exchange and the deprecia
tion of the silver sol the banks have of
fered to advance- the Government 500.000
sols to be melted down and exported, the
proceeds to be returned in sovereigns. The
loan is .repayable in monthly Installments
of £1000. . ¦•?.-.
Silver Depreciates in Peru.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— In accordance
with the agreement heretofore reached,
the Senate will begin voting at 4 o'clock on
the Phiippine tariff bill. All the. time of
the day's session previous, to that hour
will be devoted to brief speeches for and
against tho bill; the time to be divided be
tween the supporters and the opponents
of the bill. The opinion has been advanced
that yesterday's episode between Senators
Tillman and McLaurln might have tho
effect of causing a postponement the
time for taking the vote in order, to per
mit Senators to speak who have desired
to do so, but there is no probability of any
change of programme. The Senate regards
a unanimous consent agreement as very
sacred and never allows anything to in
terfere with it.
According to the present programme.
Prince Henry will be < a witness of a part
of the ceremony of taking the vote on
the Philippine bill, and he will be allowed
to observe it either from the floor of the
Senate or. from the gallery, as he may
prefer Probably all the members of the j
Senate will be presented to him, but it I
is not intended that his presence shall in
terfere in any way with the prosecution
of the business of the Senate. .
The irrigation bill now holds the place
of vantage on the Senate calendar next
to the Philippine bill, and probably will
receive the attention of the Senate after
the Philippine bill is out of the way. There
is however, some impatience on the part
of the friends of the ship subsidy bill over
the present arrangement, and If the irri
gation, bill should consume a great deal
of time there may be an effort to displace
it. All will depend on the action of the
Republican steering committee.
The bill making appropriations for Con
gress and the different departments of
the Government will be reported to the
Senate during the week, and probably win
be taken up for action the next day, after
it is reported. ' , - ¦ •
On Thursday the Senate will unite with
the House in the ceremonies in honor of
the memory of President McKinley.
The McKinley memorial exercises in the
Hall of Representatives on Thursday over
shadow the programme in the House this
week. To-morrow, when Prince Henry
visits the Capitol to look down on the
two houses of Congress, he will witness
probably an uninteresting spectacle so far
as the popular branch is -concerned, as
the House will be. working on District of
Columbia business. The remainder of the
week will be devoted to appropriation
bills, two of which are on the calendar—
the postofflce and the diplomatic and con
sular bills. '.
DEATH QUICKLY
CLAIMS BAD MEN
Unitarian Church of
Oakland.
Will Remain as Pastor ot the Firat
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills has recalled his resignation as
pastor of the First Unitarian Church.
After the morning services to-day the
clergyman made his announcement of his
decision upon the request of the congrega
tion which was formulated at the annual
meeting of the church last Wednesday,
evening. Mr. Mills also notified the society
that he had made personal arrangements
for an assistant minister in the person of
the Rev. George Fuller of Spencer, Mass.
The selection was approved by the board
of trustees. Mr. Fuller will arrive about
Easter and will immediately take up his
work with Mr. Mills. He is a young man
of considerable pulpit ability and is a
graduate of Tufts College, Mass.
STOCK BUSINESS
AT A LOW EBB
REV. DR. B. FAY MILLS j
RECALLS RESIGNATION
land, where he had gone in eearch of
health, but failed to derive any benefit
from it. He leaves a host of friends to
mourn his death. . -
A PROMINENT CONTRACTOR
WHO SUCCUMBED TO ILL
NESS OF LONG DURATION.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23,-Sophia Beach, 61
years of age, a guest of the Park Avenue
Hotel, who was burned about the face
and body Saturday morning, died in
Bellevue Hospital to-day. This makes
the nineteenth" victim. All the other fire
victims in the different hospitals wil!
probably recover. Rev. William Board
man of Norwalk. Conn., who is suffering
from burns about the face, hands anil
body. Improved somewhat to-day. The
body of the unidentified woman at the
Morgue was recognized as that of hi3
wife Julia.
District Attorney Jerome arrived at tho
hotel in the morning accompanied by ¦
half-dozen of his county detectives and
Fire Chief Croker. They examined the
burned portion of the hotel and talked
with Reed, the proprietor. Then the ele
vator shaft was examined, and in the
basement was found one hand fire extin
guisher, empty. It was the only one the
chief found in the hotel. One of the as
sistants told * the visitors there ' was no
way in which the fire could have got to
the elevator shaft without some one de
liberately placing It there. The officials
refused to give any opinion of the origin
of the hotel fire if they had formed one.
told his little boy to tell his father that
the Territory was just about as lively as
ever.
Half a dozen cowboys from the neigh
boring ranches took up the trail of the
outlaws half an hour later and followed
them to the Mesa Redondo, where they
made a stand and were killed.
Will Spikes, wounded, reached his horse
and rode away in the direction of the
Texas line, but his dead body was found
lying in the sand, where he had fallen
from his horse weak from loss of blood.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— John B. Nisson,
assistant engineer of the ' creek route
ferry-boat Garden City, was killed by be
ing struck by the paddle wheel of the boat
while making an inspection shortly after
noon to-day.
The Garden City was in the slip at the
foot of Broadway, and Nisson chose that
opportunity for making an examination
of Ihe paddle wheel. He made his way
into the paddle box and .was looking over
the wheel "when the engine was started
and the big wheel made a few revolutions.
One of the paddles struck Nisson on the
back of the head, nearly tearing his scalp
off and fracturing his skull. The blow
threw him into the water, from which he
was rescued by the crew of the boat. 1 -
When taken out of the .water he was
barely alive, and died just as he was be
ing taken into the Receiving Hospital.
Mr. Nisson was 60 years of age and
leaves a wife and two children— a son and
a daughter. He had been employed on
the boats of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for many years.
J AMES; SCOBIE;- a once prominent
mining man and contractor of this
-city, died, yesterday; at 10:25 a. m.
, - at : his home ; at . \ 874 / Fell street ,
after a lingering Illness, from
which he had suffered rfor^ some months.
Mr. Scobie leaves 'a widow," three nephews
and aniece to mourn 'him.. _¦
The deceased came. to this country whsn
a boy and began his career! as a miner at
the Cariboo mines, British Columbia.
Later he j followed the trade of a stone
mason and afterward became a contract
or for stone masonry work, principally
for the Southern Papific Company. He
took a prominent part in the building of
the California and Oregon system of that
company. ¦ - , ,
Through contracting and successful in
vestments in real estate in this city Sco
bie accumulated a large fortune. He was
a prominent member of the Masonic or
der of the Scottish societies, and more
particularly of the St. Andrew's Society.
He was prominently identified with va
rious churches and was known for his
'¦¦ liberality toward religion and charity.
j He recently returned /rom a, trip to Scot-
PHILIPPINE BILL
BEFORE SENATE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. Feb. 23.— The control of a
woman's affections is not subject to in
junction, so Judge Mullins decided yester
day when a petition for an injunction in
one of the. strangest cases ever presented
in the District Court was dismissed after
a short hearing.
The petitioner for the injunction, John
Conlon, is a hostler -employed In a livery
stable on Market street. The defendant,
Charles Richards, is said to be employed
in the gambling house of Charles Segalj
at Lawrence and Nineteenth streets. Con
lon alleges: "That on or about February
1^ for a valuable consideration, to-wit,
$10. paid to the defendant Richards, the
latter agreed and contracted to introduce
him to. one -.Miss Etta Rice, described by
the defendant as a swell." Conlon naive
ly allows that he has but lately come
from Abilene, Kans., and is unused to
city ways. He paid the money and then
¦waited for Richards to perform his part
of the contract. The purpose of the intro
duction, Conlon alleges, was matrimony,
and further that Richards knew of his
intentions..
The presentation of Conlon to the young
lady was had at a masquerade ball given
at East Turner Hall by the fraternal or
der of Eagles, and here is what Conlon
says: "That in truth and in fact the said
Etta Rice was as described by the de
fendant—a swell— and this plaintiff, fur
ther relying upon the representations of
the said defendant, did press his suit and
ieceived such encouragement from tne
said Etta Rice as led this plaintiff to ex
pend much money at that time and
since." '
Then Richards went "to Mlsa Rice, call
ing Conlon "Rube" and "easy money,"
thereby causing Miss Etta Rice to turn
cold. Conlon wants Richards restrained
from interfering with the course of true
love.
MOTHER VICTIM
OF HOTEL FIRE
Special Dispatch to The Call
W TACOMA, Feb. 23.-The big shipping
j firms of Balfour, Guthrie & Co. and
Evans, Coleman & Evans will erect at
Whatcom a $1,000,000 plant for the manu
facture of Portland cement, with the ob-
I ject of supplying the Pacitlc Coast, Alas
kkan and Oriental markets.
Immense Quantities of are used
annuallv In the Pacific Coast States, be
! fnTltmporied from Great Britain by ship
load to San Francisco, Portland and Pu
eet Sound. The 'firms named have nad
the enterprise under contemplation for
some time. Last week they acquired title
to 620 acres of land near Sumas which
contains clay suitable for the manufac
ture of Portland cement. ) The land .was
obtained from the Government as placer
claims and is now conveyed in fee simple
to the firms named. Constructing. r En
gineer Cederberg. who has built,numer
ous cement works in the United States
and Europe, has arrived at Whatcom to
construct the works. It had-been intend
ed to erect them on the ground where
the clay is found. Duringthe past week
a decision was reached to secure a site
on Bellingham Bay contiguous to What
com or Fairhaven. The Bellingham Bay
and British Columbia Railway has agreed
to rates which will permit the hauling of
raw material to tidewater, instead of the
finished product only. About $300,000 will
be spent during the next six months and
the balance as fast as development -will
permit. The factory and clay works will
employ 400 men the year round. Ths work
will be carried "on night and day.
PADDLE WHEEL
ENDS HIS LIFE
Ho3tler Saeks to Restrain
Gambler From Mixing in
His Love Affairs.
Large Shipping Firms Acquire
Land at Bellingham
Bay. .'
Immense Cement Plant
to Be Erected in
the North.
Remarkable Suit Is Piled
in District Court of
7 Colorado.
ASK THE LAW
TO HELP CUPID
ONE MILLION
IS THE COST
PROMINENT CHARACTER
PASSES TO LAST REST
Janies Scojbie, a Weil-Known Business Man, Joins
I Majority After a Lingering Illness*
".•¦ ¦¦'-»¦' ' '¦¦¦¦ ¦ -¦-.. -...-.' ' % .
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 19O2.
Members of Order Listen to Eulogy, Oration and Sacred Music in
Commemoration of Brothers Who Have Gone Before*
SAN FRANCISCO DRUIDS HOLD JOINT
MEMORIAL SERVICES FOR THEIR DEAD
7
THE WORLD'S MEDICINE.
BILIOUS and NERVOUS DISORDERS,
Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver & Female Ailments,
Prepared only by the Proprietor, Thomas Bxxcham, St. Helena, Eng.. and
365 Canal Street, New York. Sold everywhere in boxes, 10c. and 25c. :?¦..
You : Axe Wanted
At the factory sale of. 'shoes.' J1.S5 will buy
a regular celebrated' $3.50 shoe; for- either
men or women,' neat and 'stylish;*, at-' the
,Bec Hive Shoe Co,, 717 . Market street,
near Third. • r *•• ' • ?
AJ0 7ERTISEMENTS.
Food. Without
doubt the food used
in infancy has a large
influence on after
years in a child-s life;
Babies' of all ages in our _ book y
": Mellin's: Food Babies,' 17 sent free,
Mellln's Food Co., Boston , Mass.
ADVZBTIS3MEKTS.
I MB
Bnnyadi JSnos I
NATURAL LAXATIVE MINERAL WATER.
NEVER
GRIPES
Is the BEST LAXATIVE
known to the medical pro-
fession, and is
A POSITIVE CURE I
FOE I
CDHSIIRSnON
I ASK FOR
} (FULL NAME)
And see that you GET it.
Substitutes are WORTHLESS
I and often HARMFUL
II Ltbti is Slue with Red Center. j
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY}
\ X3\ Tht L»rrest Hi niwii ll Museun in the \
m «ob< "erid. Weik£CkMS cr *nr c»ntract«<j £
L l&?53n • se * ! * r««l»«»»>lye«r.4hyU>eoldeit f
0 / *S gj I opeoalia on the Co»tt En. 3* jciti. Q
1 flfSfft DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
i l( J*?Sm _CoiM»ilt«tioa free *nd nHrtly prirate. \
W I Xf%U Trettm-r.t pmomlly or by IKter. A §
\ S 11 n. ""•"**" Om ' t IB e»ery c»*e undertaken. T "
or 110 Wrfe for Book. riiL«^orav «f A
r» I 1 * aiRRUCF.. MAILED F«S. (AT
A <i 'I- Talu>bl < book for mm) X
¥ DU. JOBDA9T A CO.; 1051 Market St.. S. F. W
RAOWAY'S READY RELIEF has etood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years aa a
P»in Kenifdy. It instantly relieves and quickly
ri^-* all Cclfis, Sore Throat*. Influents.. Bron-
<Xt:s, Pneumonia, Rheumatism,- Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
tar M&l&ria and all Bowel Pains. All drurgist*.
I . -. • / . .V . ¦ • , !
d • . ¦ " . • '
I In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious f
California Limited
P gleaming with its real electric lights. It races from
I San Francisco to Chicago in three (Jays .
ADVERTISESIENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO >CALL, MONDAY,; FEBRUARY 24, 1902.
8
BTTSrVESS CHANCES— Contlhned.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
860 Market st.. co^er^tockton^
Real Estate -A-*^^ -^.^ ___ g^'
Rents Collected. ¦„ ', ;
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
. - * A gent.
A Bar and Cafe In "Wholesale "District:
Good-paying Place; rent $60. Price $1500.
A — French Wine and Liquor Saloon, corner
on Montgomery st.; rent $50. Price $000.
A — Saloon and Restaurant on Market st.
Party leave city; low rent; lease. Price
$2100.
A — Restaurant;' 6hort distance from San
Francisco; established 14 years and doing
a good business; party going East.
Price $600.
A — Bakery south of Market St.; reason for
selling, old age and sickness; rent $50;
etcre and 11 rooms; $900. ,. -. ' f---.^-
A — Restaurant; one block north of Market
st., in vicinity of the Theaters; Banquet
Hall: only $500.
A — Saloon; cor. near City Hall; good chance
for any one; 6 fine rooms upstairs; low
rent. Price $3000. •«"._
A — French Restaurant south of Market
st. Price $250; willing to take a partner.
A — Saloon and Lodging-house on Pacific st.
A — Bakery and Restaurant on principal
street; a money maker; 110,000.
A — Saloon; good-paying place in the vicinity
of the newspapers' row; call and inves-
tigate. Price $3000. •
A — Saloon near the Palace Hotel. Call and
Investigate. ,
A — Saloon on principal business street, near
Market st. Price -only $1600.
A — Delicatessen Store and Lunchroom; a
very good stand on one of ou» principal
' Business Streets; 3 living rooms in rear;
rent $14. Price $300.
A — Restaurant and Coffee Saloon on O'Far-
--.-; rell St.; owner going north. Price $650.
A — Saloon on Sansome st.; owner not able
to attend on account other Business;
only $300.
A — Hotel in a live Interior City; one hour's
ride from San Francisco; 42 rooms; 47
> ¦ . beds; parlor; large barroom; large light
dining-room; 35-40 boarders; 2 wagons;
cart; horse; pigs and chickens; long
lease; only $4000. '• ¦• ¦ ¦
A — KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood building.
' A Rare Opportunity 809 Market 6t.
A — $250; cor. grocery and bar, with 4 sunny
rooms; rent 525; good bar trade.
A — $900; cor. grocery and bar; worth !f 1000;
account of sickness;, prosperous business.
$800 — Candy mfg. and icecream; $15 a day.
.$850 — Candy mfg. and icecream; downtown.'
. $75— Bakery, candy and notions; rent $10.
$350— Restaurant; $450 — Chophouse;
$2500— Partner for mfg. bus. KREDO & CO.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy St., rooms 18 and 19. -
Hotels, restaurants, ' lodging-houses, grocery
¦ stores, cigar stores, ranches, -oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A— 40 CIGAR stands; . prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $S dally; rents $6 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at invoice.
!C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building,
S23 Market st. ' , .
A — $300; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary- st.,- room 4. -
$3500— LIVERY and feed stable; well stocked;
old established; hasn't changed hands for 7
years; owner retirinjr on account of other
business. RETSLOFF &CO., 906 Market st.
$375 — WORTH $500; restaurant; receipts $18
day; clears $100 month or no sale; biggest
snap on earth. BROWN. • 1221 Market st.
THE salmon cannery business is the most
profitable business In the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call uoon our
agent in your city and let him tell you about
It. The Interstate . Fisheries Company of
Seattle, Wash., incorporated under the laws
cf that State,; making its stock fully paid
and absolutely non -assessable, offer a limited
i - amount of its fctock to you at 15 cents per
! share and eay positively to you that the next
i block -roes at 25 cents. Look into it at once.
j INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY, 302-
303 Pacific block. Seattle, Wash., or branch
\ office, ERWIN & CO., 1101 Market at., room
3, San Francisco, Cal.
GENTLEMAN representing on. this coast ; a
number of large Eastern manufacturers
an energetic partner; capital required
from $2000 to $3000; first-class references
given and required. Address box 3S54, Call. !
I GENTLEMAN with small capital, speaking
i English. German. . French and Spanish: thor-
{ ough bookkeeper; extensive EUroptan and
I South American experience; desires employ- j
; ment or partnership. Address box 4033. Call. ;
j OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over SO per
cent; explanatUgn free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
$600 — WANTED — A partner for good profitable
. manufacturing business; small capital, little
experience required; call and see me at once.
1224 Dupont Et.
FARTNER wanted: a great opportunity for
right' man; to act as salesman on ladies' cus-
tom garments, or tailor. M. P., box 4039,
Call office. • >
FOR sale^-?550: branch bakery, candy and no-
tion store In good location; good living rooms:
rent $25. Apply !?11% Bryant st.
CIGAR Etand; water front. 204 East St.; $225
if taken to-day; departure Alaska.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; good place for steady
young man. 40 Ellis st.. room 31.
FOR SALE — Cheap, hutcher shop; must- be sold
before the 30th. 4S6 Eighth st. ¦ . ¦
For sale— Printing office; worth $1200; next "0
days $500. 1069 Broadway, r. 15, Oakland.
IF you want to buy or sell a business of any
kind call at 1S5. 5th et.. LOWE-& DARLING.
FOR sale — Restaurant in -the Mission; estab-
lished 15 years. Box 3820.- Calloffice.
i LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.,
Reliable Agents.
903 Market street.
Phone John 531.
Money' to loan.
1 SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS .THIS WEEK,
j We fitter any of the following on easy terms.
J Read the following list carefully, mark what
j seems to please you and ca!l soon.
j All information and advice free of charge.
j No trouble to show houses.
Horse and buggy at disposal of customer,
j Call— We have many 6ther3 not advertised.
• 7-room flat: Ellis St.; only •. . . . $500
i 150 rooms; U, interest for sale £000
65 rooms; Market Et.; clears $300. ...... 4000
14 rooms; Geary st.; clears $90 1400 I
10 rooms; mortgaged; make offer. ' t - l
70 rms.; elegant: long lease; clears $400. 8000
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms; clears $123: payments. ....... lOOO
25 rooms; clears ?140; only..... 1350
16 room--; Eddy St.; reduced to. .'........ 000
i 5 rooms; flat; bargain 200;
22 rooms; 3d St.; clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms; Jones st. corner; only 275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 301)!
fi8 rooms; corner; clears $400.. J. ;. .. 3500 '
"J7 rooms;- clears-$75; only ...-. 250
19 rooms; rent $40;- clears. $G0 450
. 13 rooms; \-ery good; rent .«50. .."....... 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.: phone' John 831.
906 Market St.. cor.' Ellis, room J 2.
A— Near The Call buildljis.
Telephone Black l-S-O-.J
MARION GRIFFIN. 71& Market st.. rms. i-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free Hat of lodging-houses at my office.
¦All for sale on easy terms. Please call. .
$150 — A 'centrally locatr-d ¦ roominK-house In
V good condition for a small family -to
make a livine: clean: low rent; are-
fepectable house that must be sold.
• $600 — A fine modern dwelling of 10 rooms;
full of elegant mahogany and cherry fur-
niture and BruRselt. carpet, brand new
and cost $1200; sunny side; quiet, respect--
able: $250 down, ba!.'' on time.
$3000 — A splendid, quiet house; good location;
• clears ?140 month; permanent people.
$6000 — Rest apartment house In San FranclsccI
Clears $300 ¦month! New 6 months ago!
. An elegant proposition! No cards given.
A — WANTED at once! A high-class rooming-
house, well furnished; must— be. a .modern
-• building: -with good entrance: must have 4O to
-fX> Tocms and be priced at .from $4000 to
$0000 and worth the money; must be in the
locality bounded >by Van" Ness, .Mason, Geary
and California; I can sell such a hous*- al
¦ ' MARION GRIFFLN. 719, Market st.
A — McDANIEL. - SKIRM & CO.. ~~~
903 Market, rooms 4 and 4A ; phone Mint 2811.
Following only a few of our bargains :
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st.; only $.1700.'
23 rooms: elegant corner on 'Geary; select
roomers only; modern building: must sell.
22 rooms: Howard: rent $52 50: only $800.
Money loaned at lowest rates. ¦ -
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
650 Market et.,..(Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. -,
We furnish vacant houses and ; • ..
. , Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
' .New houses to lease. • •
A. CAMERON & CO.. ."-.¦' ' . .
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rocms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 32S. -
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call;' we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lcdging-housee,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Educational—- continued,
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
- ... class, $1 month. 1S36 Eddy; phone Jlne 433.
MARY P. "WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c;. piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
C. HOFFMAN,' the European Pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing, |
- etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,' nr. 6th. ;
SHORTHAND taught by • mall or personally. '
¦ MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
' Pitman shorthand,' typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY -and !
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College,. 24 Post ist.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.* |
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo
Klnoshita. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.'
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese EJnp.Offlce, 415 Stock-,
ton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help. - .
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and houst-
" cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-"
¦ ; flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence Of nee — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel 516.
ORPHEUS! Employment Offlce-r-Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 428 Powell,nr.Sutter;teI:Black5072.
EMPLOYMENT WAS TED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT.— oman; a good cook; will do
small washing; city or country; $15 to $2l\
47 Shipley st, . '
FIRST-CLASS cook or laundress, $1 50 per
day, or by the month. : Call at 522 Third st. :
YOUNG jslrl wishes situation to work in store.
Apply 4 Wolfe St. .- -: -.'
AMERICAN lady wishes position as housekeep-
" er or companion; home v more of an -object;
references. Box 3S55, Call Office. .
REFINED lady wishes employment part of i
day; private family or rooming-house. Box I
4050, Call office. .
COMPETENT dressmaker, good fitter, cutter;
cuts by tailor system: dresses remodeled;
quick worker. : Address box 3850. Call office.
A SCANDINAVIAN br German girl; cook.' and
general housework; no washing; about 30 to
o5 years of age. Apply 233 Third ave.. Rich-
.'-.: mond district; Sutter or Geary: st cars.
REFINED' housekeeper,- good German cook,
wishes position; widower with children; city
or country. Box 4C57. Call of fica. . j
YOUNG Swiss lady wants a position for up- j
, stairs work and sewing; city references, j
Please state name and wages. Address D.
E.. 46 Colllngwood st. . .. \
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage- |
i ments in families; tailor made and evening V
¦ dresses specialty; satisfaction guaranteed. 715 j
Larkin st. : . ' .. |
DRESSMAKING, ?1 75 per day. 492 Four- |
teenth st. ; Phone Capp 3202.
JAPANESE girl wants position as second work ;•
and sewing.- Addres3- to R. K., box 07, Berke-.i"
. .. ley, Cal. ..../ . *
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 2C0 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to' $6 week: convenient and respectable; free i
bus and baggage to and from ferry. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions i
- received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. :
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE. . |
SCANDINAVIAN coachman or man about I
•place, 6 yoara' reference from last place,
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
j ';2S Sacramento st. . . !
I WANTED — A situation around private resl- '
dence as gardener; understands care of j
li horses; is a "good driver and handy with j
tools. 013 Montgomery st. .
A PRACTICAL' miller, of 25 years' experience,""}
with first-class references from mill owner.:
wishes situation as first or . second miller, j
Address HERMAN, box 3S50. Call office.
COLLECTOR wants position with some rel'able-
firm'; can give Al references. Address M. C. i
G., 211 Fifth st.; Oakland. j,
CHAMPION heel and, edge setter; all-around !
shoe man. Address '.C, Call branch office, ;
mi Mission st. ¦ • • . • ]'
.COACHMAN.' youns, Enslishman, seeks posl-l
¦ tiori, or'as' man about place, or 'would* go as'
1 Janitor, porter, etc: good references. " Box
.SSGl, Call. . ' ; i
BOOKKF.EPING and general office work; good I
experience ami references: age 21; slate sa!- i
ary. Box 4040. Call office.- i
GOOD cook wants situation in hotel, restaur- !
. -ant- or boarding-house. - Call C2 Second it.,' >
, ' room 14. " j
BUTTERMAKER wants position;" 22 years' I
practical experience in building, repairing!
and derating creameries. Address box 4024. !
Call office. . •. ' . ' "' '" ' " i
GERMAN with thorough knowledge of English !
and Spanish desires position as correspond- !
*cnt. assistant .bookkeeper or similar employ- |
ment: best city references. . Box 4014, Call. ,
F. M. JONES and JOHN J. NEWMAN, surgi- j
cal and medical nurses; Al references. Tele- i
' '"phone -South" 857: residence. 206. Van Ness av. .
POSITION as porter, wrapper or assistant •
packer by March 1. Address N. LINTON. i
4'KJ3^ Minna st. ' " - j
YOUNG man. firs-ji-cras** masseur, would like 1
position in baths or parlors. Box 4049, Call, j
POSITION wanted as horseshoer 3 by . good ¦
workman: soher, steady man. Box 3841. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
• jubscriptions has been established at 1(W3
: Vplcr.rla St. . : ' '
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; 'good propositions wanted; goid
bonds furnished. .PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. ¦ S. licensed'
fctock brokers. 320 Post at. -
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices Jn operation; new method of
placing stocks/'and bonds; companies 'Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bids-
FLATS TO^ JkET.
A— S SUNNf rooms, bath" every modern conve-
nience; 4 car lines; warm bait Mission ; $32 50.
reduced from '$40. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667'
Market et. .
A— SUNNY; 5 and 6 rooms; 2 gas grates; 753
to '705' Sixth" ave-.; McAllister, Grary or Sut-
ter st. cars: reduced rents. •" A. M. SPECK &
'CO., C67 Market st. '¦
A— COZY^ 5 to 8 rooms, facing Golden Gate
Park: 500 to 529 Frederick st., near Stanyan.
"A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. ¦
MODERN sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath. Cor.
.Eighth ave. -and Clement St., Richmond.:
FLATS TO LET FURXISHJ_U>.
NICELY furnished fiat of 4 rooms; every con-
venience; bath; large yard; -no objection to
one child; rent $25; phone Capp 1521., SIC".
Dolores St.- .'¦¦...-¦ - :.-^"T
'¦ FURNITURE ' FOR SALS.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. Kinir Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MINNA, 466%, rear house — Furniture of. 4
rooms, including beds, bedding, etc.
FOR sale — Furniture, of 6-room flat, $450; $200
cash. 150 Eddy st. .
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.; pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. ~ ~
D. & F. BLACK suede glove:, best in the world;
warranted: kept in repair.. 121 Grant ave. ¦
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.' : t
AT C R. HANSEN & CoTs . ~. "."lO4 Geary . st!
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
- 5 first-class chambermaids." country hotels..,
, . : . . . . .Y.". ..... . . .....¦¦¦. . . : . . . .',$20 and fare
2 chambermaids, Santa Barbara and fare. $20
.."10 waitresses, for , different country hotel*-.
fares paid .............................. .$25
.2 more waitresses, Hotel- Arizona, free fare
h r. .... $25
20 waitresses '. for city hotels and restau-
rants .-. ..: ... . V; . . . .$20-$25
Cook, summer resort -.' ......$10
FAMILY DEPARTMENT , . . . . ....
. , Houseglrl, Oakland, see party here.. .."..$30
, 1 Cook,' Nevada, $25; - second ¦- girls, ;. S20-?25;
and many others. C. R. -HANSEN &; CO.,
> 104 Geary st.
FOUR girls to address postal cards; must
'.; bring city directory; $1 day. " Apply 1 o'clock
Monday. .721 Howard st. >"¦:, ' . '.
"WANTED — Girl to assist ; in ; general house-
work. 701 McAllister st.,. nr. Octavia.
MILLINERY makera . wanted. : : Apply MUL-»
LER & RAAS CO.. 933 Market st. - '
"WANTED — Young - German speaking child's
, > nurse In : San . Rafael. • ; Address P. ¦ O. box
. '--2654. city. , -.•¦¦¦¦. _•-.;-, , ; \ ¦ . ••-¦
WANTED— An experienced tucker; 'steady
¦ -.jwork.; MARKS BROS.. 1212 . Market at. >
ilOTEV TO • LOAJT-— Co-ntlBmid.
A' PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl- ,
ture pianos; no removal; low rates; cenflden-
tlaU WHITEHKAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furnituie or
household goods. without removal ;confldentiai.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery St.. opp. Lick House.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms;no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; .confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos^ no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rot 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people wittout seeortty.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndoreer. MORRELL, 60ft E-amlner fcldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15
—.oval. Phone Black 170&. Room 81. 8 Eddy.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dls-
countsd. TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON" furnitura, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 223 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan D jT :
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 30» Phslan bldr
MONEY WAXTEP.
$1500 OR $2000 .on gilt-edge property for 3
years. Box 3649. Call. Oakland. -y-;
' MUSICAL IX STRUaiEyTS.
A. BARGAIN £fsT O~F "USED PIANOS. ALL
IN GOOD ORDER AND "WARRANTED.
McNeil square $25
Hallet & Davis square - 3d
Dunham square "... SCO
Raven & Bacon square. ............. €60
Mendelssohn square 70
Symphony square 75
Arion square 75
New Tork Piano Co. .square ¦ 73
Hazelton square 100
Weber ..square 115
Chlckering (2) square $110—115
Decker Bros I. square 123
Steinway square 125
Hera upright _-~-. ... 10O
Dunhani upright 125
Vose .Tr. upright 150
Opera, rosewood case, upright v 200
Speilmann. oak case 250
Byron Mauzy. mahogany case SCO
Lester, mahogany case S0O
Sohmer. walnut cas^JfBOO style 450
Steinway Grand 450
Sohmer Grand 700
ORGANS.
Standard $23
Sterling 35
Monarch 73
Mason & Hamlin. $5O— $75— and. 100
Estey (2). $50 and 100
Cecllian Piano Player 250
Fine New Pipe Organ 100O
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Poat St.
AS notice has been served on us to vacate on
the first of March and as our new building
and Heine Hall is r.ot completed, we make
a cut on all our stock to save storage, etc.;
rents $3 up: installments $4 up.
1 Fisher upright; good '$95
1 Sohmer upright 83
3 Steinway uprights $165 to 3-13
6 Heine uprights 193 to 675
4 Chickerins uprights 135 to 300
3 H-ynes uprights \ 160 to 245
2 Conover uprights 230 to "J45
1 Hallet & Davis upright 865
6 Sherwood uprights ..: 113 to 135
32 second - hand uprights 38 to 173
Agents wanted everywhere. Only factory
representation on the Pacific Coast. HEINE
PIANO CO., Geary St.. opp. Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianoa sold upon.
easy payments of $3 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A GOOD, reliable article for a reasonable price
is what the people want and Just what we
are offering; pianoa for $25. $35. $50, $75.
$100 and almost any price up to $1000; our
leading pianos are Decker-Wissner-Baumeta-
' ter-Stoddard, and we have many others be-
sides; payments to suit most any one. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $33 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ _t
SON, 16 to 20 O-Farrell. Chickerin*. Masoa
& Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos. .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any ttma
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHA3S. 30
. O'Farrell St.; established 1850. ¦
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos, $33 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond agta.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best In tha city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th. and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co., 931 Market st.
AT auction prices. S7 pianoa this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
PARTY sacrifices account death In family,
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 622 Eddy.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
BARGAIN great sacrifice ; 2 uprighta, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. B6O Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, _lthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA. SPRECKELS bldg.. 927 Market st. ; of-
fices with light, heat and janitor. $13 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. . '¦ -
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny tt: $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st. room 1.
. ______ _^
— — . — _____ — ¦ ¦ . ¦ i. ¦>
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beala st.
PAINTERS ASD DECORATORS.
FXRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE, 640 G. G. ave. ; teL Polk 1423.
Rooms papered $3 up; -whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; teL Red 3521.
Paperin* room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
gonable. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan: tel. Park IS.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13, The Vendome, 1104 Market
at. ; hours from 0 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. TOO
Post st., corner ot Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. b»t. Geary and Post: tat. Black Ml.
~~ — — personals.
INFORMATION "WANTED.
The executor* of Charles "Winter want to
find his son. John "Winter, aged about 62
years, machinist, formerly of Newark. NV J.
Said John "Winter was last heard from In
San Franciaco. Cal. Address- THEODORE
¦ffESTEBMAN, executor. Newark. N. J.. or
Chief of Police. Newark. N. J.
January 28. 1902.
AN elegant line of remnants for salts to order.
$15; with these suits wa make aa extra pal*
of pants free of charge; other »ulta on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. - 1117 MarK^fc
, et.. between Seventh and Eighth. .
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"WHY guess? Too can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EyANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
THIS is to certify that I. THEODOR S. HAN-
SEN. will not be responsible for any debts
incurred by my wife. HAZEL C. HANSEK.
she having left my bed and board.
•A— "WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 43
' Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
«>ame as white shirts: selection 300 patterns.
WILL Paul "W. Macfarlane please communi-
cate -with his brother.- W. S. Macfarlane.
915 It St.. Sacramento, Cal.?
EXCELLENT shampod for 50c; hair dried In Id
minutes with warm air; private room for
every customer. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
LIQUOR habit; new. safe, sure cure; can, b»
given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552, San Joae. CaJ. _*»
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
h-ttr: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. "Dudley. 17C2 Market.
A school to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring:. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broagway. '
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call or^.
-*Dr.G.S.Moore,3G20'Farrell; send for circular*
— — . SB
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
A LOT of horses for sale ' at "Arcade Hor*»
327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons.
harness, etc ; auction .sales, every 'Wednesday
at 11 a. m. . JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — 2 bay mares. 6 years old. 15% hands
high ;" suitable for baker or milk team. 1715
Sacramento St.,
FOR sale — A fine pair of matched black mares.
6 years old, suitable for professional man. 2
. Main st.'. . t ••¦.¦•..
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
, hand. 1499 Market st- corner Eleventh. I
FOR sale — Fine. roadster.. (trotteri. $150; bar-
gain. 2125 Mission st.. bet. 17th and. 18th.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
' camping .wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LS5T.
A— -PRINTEDlist^ou*s to let; send for cir-
" cular. G.H-UMBSENi& CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house. 7 rooms; large basement;
yard; fine location £ Portola, off "Waller, bet.
Fierce and Steiner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room SO. 139 Post st.. Liebes- building.
LOST AND FOUND.
$10 REWARD for ladles' watch lost at the
cliff Sunday afternoon; No. of the watch.
8.730.02S. 334 Turk st. -
LOST — Yesterday, brown Scotch collie dog
with Oakland and San Francisco tags. Re-
..yturn to 2303 Scott st. and obtain reward.
LOST— A Pass Book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of. San Francisco, In
the name of MICHAEL KELIHER. No. 162.-
. «55. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MART E. WELLS; No. 256-342.
The finder -will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Saa Francisco, in th»
name of KATE MfcQUAID; No. 115-408. The
finder will please return to bank.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. .
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
- st. : tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call <fe
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
¦ ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases successfully treated;
blood diseases cured, 10 to 30 days. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlins midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during' confinement; best care;
confinement $15; rm., board. $5 wk. ; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. 606 Guerrero st. nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
SO. years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before ' and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near'Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'FarreU st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
• at the old office. 1228 Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. sind MRS. WEGENER. ladles* physician;
private home for confinement ; - babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave. ; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS." DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement, 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25
years' successful experience in S. K» Ma-
ternity Home. 006 Market St., opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladle?'
specialist; a private home before and during,
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union sqViare: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES ANP MINING.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big., S.
F. : branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
7 MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, - engines, 2d-hand machinery- » Me- -
, INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
4 H. P. MODERN gasoline engine $135
20 H. P. boi'.er and engine, complete... $300
30 H.-P. boiler and engine, complete... $350
¦¦• 8 H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $150
5 H. P. boiler and engine, complete... $1-5
H S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale, formerly of
516 Mission st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilPrs water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables ;• easy terms or rented. The
' Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 653 Mission.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
, CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
X-RAY outfit complete; S125 for 110 volt direct
current: cost $400..BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
4 FRESH cows with calves for Bale. J. F.
PERLI. Angel Island. -¦ •
GAS engine. 1 horsepower, for sale. Shirt
store. 535 Valencia st. ¦ ;
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanging, palnt-
j ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. __
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
/ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
' J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. » Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old ses.1-
* - skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276, Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
; Office, ' 25 Stockton st. ; phone ¦ Bush 484.
WANTED — A nice ¦ buggy. BYRON MAUZY,
308-310-312 Post st. ¦ -
WANTED— Billiard or combination table; com-
1 plete. BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.
WANTED — A second-hand ¦ bar outfit; must be
- cheap for cash. Box 3837, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. -Jessie 2851.
¦MONEY 'TO LOAN. ; ..
building".
i . .-.$4,600,000 at lowest rates
; [ On first and second mortgages.......
' ....Life Interests In estates....; '
........Property being held in trust....'....
.... .Undivided interests in , real - estate. ....
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
¦' ,,..I£ You Need Money
BEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City Oakland, Town and Country property;
5 second mortgages, life insurance and securl-
. ties- loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
¦ terests in real estate and. legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. . "
First, second and ' third mortgages .........'.
Undivided interest in real estate In irobate
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get. my terms before doing business eisewhera
.R.McCOLGAN... -.....:;
......."..24 Montgomery st.. room 3.....".*.*."!
MONEY TO LOAN. . ." •: " . , j . ¦. '
.....'... $1,000,000 at Lowest Rates .
¦ . .... 1st. 2nd and 3rd Mortgages ;"* ¦
Undivided interest- in' estates insurahce'tJolV
¦ -•...... cies, furniture or anything else
;; PACIFIC LOAN CO., 646 Market st. "
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per ctnf first
and third mortgages, ¦ estates in pro^
bate, : interest ¦ in estates, legacies undtvidea
interests, securities.* manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEn!
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.; near
Geary, st. ; phone Red 1603.
HLY r e«Pectable private : place to obtain
liberal advances on . diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
- Market st.; tel; Main 1644. Branch 1» Third.
ON real estate." 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
;._. niture . or < pianos ; no removal ;. . auy amount ;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Markef.room 613.
°^i E v& ei " C * nt on fu " lUu ' ie : $5 a month on each
J 1000; any security.- 302 Montgomery st;r. 1,
_HELP WAJrTEb---FE-iALB---CoB. L
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. .Phone Main 1575
, ... ....'.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .... .
8 waitresses. ¦ Santa Barbara, $25."^free fare: 3
waitresses, Pasadena. $20:, full fare advanced;
6 ; waitresses, Coronado Beach, $20;' # fare
paid: 13 waitresses, city and country hotels,
. $20 $25; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; cham-
bermaid. $20.- ¦ ' -- ; ¦
H ...•'... FAMILY DEPARTMENT : . . . . .TT.
.Cooks,, second girls, housegirls, city and coun-
try; best wages. " - '.
MRS. M. E. DAY. & CO .... . . ."'. 335 Geary at.
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss fe'Co.'s Overall
Factory. ; 32% . Fremont' st. ; no. . experience
. necessary; good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. . •--• ¦¦¦¦;¦' .-¦¦¦-•(•.:--
WANTED— Immediately 3 ambitious*- girls t»
. learn hairdressing from A to Z in 2 weeka
. and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per month; course $5. -Col-
.lege. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15. .' ¦
A GERMAN woman as governess; state rt-
. ligion; ealary.$30. Box 2994, Call office.
LADY free from home cares can -secure perma-
, nent position by addressing box'' 4070, Call.
GIRL for cooking and housework for 'two. Ap-
ply 1922 Baker St., mornings. '
EXPERIENCED hands on Infants' and chll-
1 dren's dresses. -220 Sutter at., room -. 28.
GIRL to learn glove making; good. opportunity.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market, St. f ...
BOOKFOLDERS; also i' apprentice" wanted.
J . Bookbindery. 536 Clay Bt. •, ' •
WOMAN or girl to assist In housework; sleep
'home. Apply 1721- Sacramento st.
"ANTED — Girl to do housework for - married
couple. 1496 Fulton st., ,bet. 0 and 12 a.. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
HELP WANTED- — MALE.
MURRAY & READY ,-^......634-636 Clay st;
' Phone Main 584S.. • ¦ , -
Leading Employment Agents. .'.•
. Office Open 7 a. m. ' . . •
Blacksmith and woodworker for quarry, fare
¦;$1 50, $2 75 day; handy .man .to sharpen
drills and do carpenter work: engineer mine;
6 miners for a good mine, $67 50; 2 molders,
city; slack cooper; married stableman, city
Job, $50: stableman, country. $40 to $50;
stableman, butcher's stable, $20; 10 farmers,
orchard~and vineyard, $26 to $35 and found:
5 panners, «$30 -and found ;. 7 choremen and
choreboys: milker. C.C. Co., $30 and found:
2 milkers," north, see boss here, $35 and
found; dairyman. Sonoma County, $35 and
found; farmer and wife. Contra Costa Coun-
, ty, $40 1 and found: married . laborer,, mine:
¦ man and -wife, private place, city, $30 and
; found; 10 laborers $1 75 and $2 day: coach-
man, private family, near city; S-35 and found.
............ WOODCHOPPERS .' . ., ....
350 woodchoppers and . tiemakers,.- level
ground, virgin timber,,, cheap . fare, big
money, can be made, redwood 80c, pine $1 25,
. hardwood $1. 50. ties 10c to ISc each, shingle
bolts $1 50 cord ; cook for springs, $50 and
; found; cook, small hotel. Santa Cruz County.
$.';0 and ' found : 10 nooks, other places; 15
waiters: 8 kitchen hands.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILL AND WOODS— SEE BOSS HERE.
'¦ '5 woodsmen, $40 and found; spooltender, $52
and found; off bearer, ?45 and found;' edger-
man, $45 and. found; 3 lumber pliers, $40
and found; lumber carman, 1 $40: 10 laborers,
$*5. and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
¦AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st.
To Go Ta-Day.
20 R.'R. laborers for lumber co.$28 and board
Choreman, near city — ; . .' $25
Man and wife for private family .5>-JO
Maker, 20 cows w. 525
Pruner for vineyard:..-.. .$26
Piano player, country. 4 hrs. work $C0
Stableman and driver, institution. .$25 & fd
Cook for institution... . ... ...$40
Cook for bay boat.. ..-.. ...$45
'"n -rlpr»*r t^r r>r iv^te T»"^ce. . ............. .3*40
Laborers fcr sewer vtorTxT. ........... %2 a day
i.iiiiter, --- co.va... .Y~~> ••>>
BUTLER. $50 and foilnd; restaurant head cook,
S70; restaurant ¦ porter. $25 to $.10; barkeeper,
$40 and .found; waiter,- country hotel, $25,
and ethers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., G28
Sacramento st. " , .... v .
ANDRE'S Office.- 316 Stockton st. — Frjy cook,
570; broiler, $70; assistant cook. $30; waiter,
$35; vegetableman, $25; gardener, $30; but-
ler, $40. etc. - ;
FRUIT farmer and wife. $40; Portuguese milk-
er. $">0 and foun*; 2 • woodchoppers. $1 2"«
cord; driver fcr milk- wagon, $50 to $55 and
room: gardener. '$40: '•' 2 blacksmiths and
s-hoprs, $45 and fount! and ?2 50 day; slack'
' work coopers. $*55 and board; 2 pruners, and
others." 628 Sacramento st. •
WANTED— Reliable" man to look" after ship-
' ping goods, attend store and take cash in
cigar business: will pay $75 to $D0 per month;
experience not required; must have $150 cash,,
• : Apply 765 M&rket st.T'roWn 3. """ "' ¦ '" .,-
WANTED — Union men to know that, there is
¦- no boycott on any .barber shop in the city,
either from Labor Council or Building Trades
. Council. . .. • . ¦ • -'. '-, ¦ ¦ I
WANTED — Stead"/; reliable man as partner in
No. 1 .cash business: easy hours; clears $100
month: small capital required. Box 3S32,'
; -Call office. _ . ' *
! "U ANTED — Good dishwasher. Restaurant, 206
McAllister st."**
i WANTEI> — Steady man with C125 cash; no
experience required; permanent nl*"ice: will
I pay $65 per month. "Apply 101C Mkt., r. 10.-}
! YOUNG man to do chores around small place
I in Alameda County: good home; '$5 per
I month. Box ~ 3SC3. ' Call office. ~
SIX men to handle ereen horses: don't apply
i unless thorouRhly comuetent. 721 . Howard st.'
j WANTED— General tailor at' N. PERSICO'S,
j :W10 Mission st., near Twenty-ninth.
! WANTED— First-class barber: steady. 2J8
' O'Farrell st.
] W A NTED-rG ood barber. 424 Eleventh st.,
Oaklat d. . .
EARBER wanted. C Market st.; $17 per
week. ¦ • ' ' . -' . . - ,
STRONG boy wanted to learn blacksmlthlng.
11C8 Mission st. ' ' -•-..-
WANTED — Experienced domestic j salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
* BROS.' : . ¦ . ' •¦¦¦¦; -- - . . -
WANTED — Experienced silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between S and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' • ...
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U. .
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lets than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
• further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office.' 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
TEN boys, 15 years old, for manufacturing
concern; afternoons and Saturdays: salary;
, give, full particulars. Box 4051. Call.
ENGRAVING apprentice; no salary until rudi-.
ments trade acquired. Pacific - Engraving
Co.. 702 Market st. , ¦ -. ¦
WANTED— Reliable young- man. ..with $175
cash- $15 week; steady place; no experienca
• required. BROWN A CO.. 1221 Market st.
BARBER ,shop . for in Oakland; 834 >£
Broadway, near ¦ Seventh; must be sold this
week; offer wanted.
WANTED — First-class coatmaker; no others
. need apply. -VERDIER, 984 Geary st.
INTELLIGENT people who need an income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1534. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— -Vest maker at M.: J.< KELLER
CO.'S, 1157 Washington st.,% Oakland.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.-. -._ V
EXPERIENCED bill • clerk: familiar with
wholesale plumbing and : steam ¦ supply busi-
ness. Box 3838, Call. " * ; \ *, ...
A BOY about 15 to learn carpenter trade. 51
Sacramento St.. S. J. ¦ WILKINS & CO.
WANTED — Young man of trood address, who
. has had experience as floorwalker; state age, ,
experience and salary expected. Box 3830,
Call office. '. • ;.-> ,.:?,--. ... ',¦;.--".
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers' in 1 demand;
only t requires 8 weeks; tools donated; -cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
ti35 Clay st. . ¦: -.-• • , .-. ...-¦¦ -¦_.'. . :i
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
'-¦ that Ed Rolkln, . Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House,. 217 Third st.; 150 large
* rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2. per week.
WANTED— Men to - learn barber" trade; ¦¦ eight
. weekfc; : tools - donated; situation -guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount -. this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal. .-
WANTED— Solicitors for teas and' coffees, with
- a. view to buy In the course of time; U satis-
factory. *¦-;^203 : Fourth^st^-^. -¦•-,•;;- '.
EXTRA pay ; now, due XJ. " S. -Volunteers. Call
'- or write Sherwood, pension atty., ,624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
> 50c up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
¦ YOUNG men to . learn barber trade ; '¦ catalogue
' :. mailed." -. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION ' atty., E. A. Bullis, 3,'= 40. Phelan
¦' big. Past Com.-- Oeo. H. Thomas Po8t.G.A.R.
SAtLORS, • ordinary, for ships for all parts of
.' '. the world.' HERMAN' S. , 26 Steuart st. .
GET your ' shoes ' half-soled ! while waiting-; 25c
.to 60c.- ', : 563 Mission St.", bet. J.st and 2d sts.'
,ALL Bize men's shoes, slightly. damaged, half
, price. -; 663, Mission st., bet. 1st and Sd sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third: St.. near Mar-
.; ket — 200 rooms, . 25c ' night; . reading rooms;
"free 'bus and baggage to and ; from ferry.-- ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 sub3criptrons has ¦ been ' established at 1096
¦Valencia st. '"¦ ¦¦ *
LODGING ;" HOUSES FOR jSALE--Con.
WINSTON & WOLF .' ........
1026 Market st 1026 Market st.
„ (Photograph Galley, Entrance.) - •' . -
20 rooms, rent $60; must sell .;.$1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location....... 350
.26 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter st.' 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good.... 1400
. 40 rooms, rent $75; see thi«. 1700
.We Have Many More Such' Bargains.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 -Market ; phone Red 3433. .
Buyers for lodging-houses; call and see our
large list, from $300 to $6000; fair and hon-. :
- est -trade: sellers,- list your houses -with us
for quick sale. .. . ¦ ¦
ADAMS & CO., 1035 Market st. — Rooming-,
houses, all sizes and prices; business
chances, chicken ranches, . country property; |
houses, lots; sell or trade; square dealing. .
A — NOTICE — We- have- rooming-houses, all
sizes-and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list ftrat. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V.' MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seanoe
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell^st.; Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c, to-night, 8:15;
tests to all; sittings 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton
ft., near Greenwich; phone Red 5455. '
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and' Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c
_ CLAIRVOVAWTg.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., nest Examiner i bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45G9.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at. 1206 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Golden Gate ave., ropms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by. mail; send stamp for pamphiet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future feus-band or wife:
fee 25c- and up; satisfaction- to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215 J 2 6tii.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m.. Sundays from 10 to. 12 a. m.-
A— MISS M. WILLE..326A Eliis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me: L. 25c, G. 50c-.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. "WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future. L. 25c; G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
60c. $1 — Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader;mall orders;stamp for-clrc. 1007% Mkt.'
CLAIRVOYANT card reader "from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MRS. LAVON*. wonderful fortune teller; truth
* or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234^ Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 150">.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller, '
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME, RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 2oc up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'-S Pioneer Carpet-beat- !
ing Works, 353-357 Teharaa St. : tel. South 40. I
AMERICAN "Carpet-beating- Works — Cleaning, j
renovated, relald. 104 14th st.; tel. Capp 2542. I
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter. St.;
tel Main 394.- GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. .carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison" St.: tel. Mission 2*5.".
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Work*.
¦>33 Golden Ga te ave. ; telephone East ,126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
¦vatlng Co.. 240 14th *st.';' teir Mission- 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agrency, Cth
floor, 91« Market st. ; advice free. Tel.. Bush
'¦ 194; able body of attorneys.^ '¦?,-.. " •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— Xo charge
unless successful.- Room 310, 927 Market st.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. Kins,
attorney. Examiner building. (5th floor.
COTTAGES '1'(>*"F,ET.~
COTTAGE containing 5 rooms ; bath. yard,
etc. 308 Precita ave., iff Folsom st.
JONES, 2052— Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; hot
and cold water; rent ?15 per month.
... DENTISTS.
A^ODR. t' SriilGGINs" 027~ Markct~s'CT'Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentittry at reason-
able prices; pure geld fillings. 51 50; oth.'f
fillings, $1; gold and porcelain crgwn3. ifo
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed. $5 up.
' Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best' crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or ,- fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: *_0 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prlcos
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.'
DR. GEORGE W LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. -
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gclt1
crowns. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager,
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $;} 50;fllllngs,50c;
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth et.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime:
crowns. $2; fllllnga. 25c. Dr. Brown. 5 1 6th.
MEYER 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
PARlS.Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bu-=h —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 5fto.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st. : «xpert
. workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTJNG. 1841 Polk st. _______
DR.R.L. WALSH. S15"54 Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.; 50c; plates $5 up: phons Polii Il.*i3.
DRESSMAKERS^ AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 101ft Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleatingr. - WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mofratt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C P. dog '" soap ¦ by; .druggists
or at the Ho«inUal. MO Golden Ggte. ftve.
EDL'CATIOXAL. ;;
IlEALD^S^CHobL OF ELECTRJCAiTeNGI^
] NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. :
catalogue free. . . .
AYHES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education ; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. " 236 Market 'St. — Big
¦ school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on'
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week.' . •*:.." ¦
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
. S. "¦«¦¦-— Thorough courses; complete equipment ;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM., an- accredited preparatory
school for the university/law and' medical
colleges; references. President- Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
' following? --Life scholarship $50; catalogue,
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-'
nltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. j I
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 210 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864." Van
der ; Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College ; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
. new 60-page catalogue free.' ,v 305 Larkin st.
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting ' haa ¦ re-
.- moved to Native Sons': Hall. 414 Mason . St.; .\
KENT Law School; day and: night. \ 554 Parrdtt
building '(Emporium);' send for, catalogue." =
¦. - -
SAJf FRAXCISCO . CALL.
BUKINEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets : open
-until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SO0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*39 McAllister -treet: open until 9:30 p/m.
"15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J-fMl Mission street: open until 10 ». m.
2261 Market street, corner SixteentH: open
cntil 9 p. m.
"i 06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: ox>en until 9 p. in.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets- open until 9 p. m.
2200 FjUt- ore *tr»*t: open until 9 p. TW.
MEETISG NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ¦
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN-
1XG. P. M. degree. T^A
H. G. PRINCE. Secy, /^r *>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M. — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING -»*%-
at 7:30 o'clock. Second degree. By /<__>\
order of the "W. M. /~r*
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodse No. 260. F. •
& A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore Bt. — Second
tiegree THIS EVENING at 7.30 TCST
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Secy. «f ~r
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ¦
M.— Called meeting THIS DAT (Mon- .^V_
day). February 24. 1902. at 7:30 tCjC
o'clock p. m. Deg. L By order of / 1
the W. M.
I_ SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — K1LAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
at the office of the company, S27 Market st.,
!n the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing.
year and for the transaction cf such other
business as may come before ¦ the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday. Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
• stockholders cf the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market 6t-, in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 1st day of
March, 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and for
ihe transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. February 18.
3002. at 3 o'clock p. ra.
H. "W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Hakalau Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com- :
jjany. 327 Market St.. in the city and county
of Ssn Francisco. State of California, on '
WEDNESDAY, the 5th day of March. 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a, ra.. for the pur-
rose of electing a board of directors to serve
lcr the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may com« before
the meeting. Transfer books "0111 close on
Friday. February 21. 1902, at 3 o'clock
P. m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 827 Market Ft., in the city and
rcur.ty of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, en "WEDNESDAY, the 26th day ot
"February. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
e. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to 6erve for the ensuing year.
t-nC for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books "will close on Saturday, F»b-
rutry 15, 1SC2. at 12 o'clock m.
K. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received an application to mine by the hy-
draulic process from R. A. ¦ Pemberton. In
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo. Shasta
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek,
rives notice that a meeting will be held at
r<-em 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on Msreh 3. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived sn application to mine by the hydraulic
process from C. L. Canfleld, in the Blue Tent
Company Mine, near Nevada City. N*vada
Or. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59, Flood building, San Francisco.
Cal.. on March 10. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AOEVTS WASTED.
FOR every city in the State of California; good
proposition for the right men. H. OBER-
MEYER, 35 New Montgomery st.. room 25.
ADOPTIOy. "
A GIRL baby. 1 to 2 years old, wanted for a
(rood home: a good future Is open for her.
EMILIE ri~NKE. 1416 Sth st.. AJameda.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. ExamindV building, room
<513; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty -quick; quiet;
no charge v.-ithout success: established 16 yrs.
G. TV. HOWE. SCO Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: n6 charge unless successful. W.
"W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
, - .i
ADVICE free: open every evening: low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldt:.,»27 Mar-
ket Ft.: ronFultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLENliB^eelUng' EurekaTblcycles faEtTswelK
est thing cut ; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin Et.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. *
WARBLING canaries and all.- kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
eagres iclobes. aquariums: bird and animal
Uxxl of all kinds. 1546Market st-.bet.Sth & Sth.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; large
runny yard;phone; nr. school. 1607 California.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
school; ?8 up. ,2127 Prince st.
B0 ARDI>G SCHOOL WANTED-
WANTED — A home for boy in a Catholic'
boarding eefcool in city or a short distance
Jn country; reasonable price. Address box
3S64. Call office.
HOOKS — NEW AXO OLD.
BOOKS o( all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1300; COKNER saloon with rooms and
mercantile lunch, surrounded by breweries
and malt houses; rent $37; clearing* above
*2O0 zx-r month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26";.
Kearny Ft.
A— «150; BAKERY In Alameda Co., situated on
ii'-iin driveway; doing a tine business; a rare
r-han-e for right party. Call R. G. WILKE.
IM'-i Kearny st.
A — *425; DELICACY and dairy produce store
on Mission et.; H lii-ing rooms; rent |20; daily
receipts about $25. Call R. G. WILKE, 20-.
Kearny st. -- u j;
A— -S750; OYSTER and chop house, surrounded
by leading hotels, clearing above J-150 per
month and established years. Call - R. G.
WILKE, Soli Kearny et. • . -.
A--5S00: DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes st.; rent $20; living rooms; good
. business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A— $450; RESTAURANT or. Fourth St.. clofee
to. Market; rent $"?O; good' paying business:-:
v.-ilue in sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 2tJ»(,"
Kearay St.
A — SALOON; best part Mission 'St.; clearing
*F2C0 month: $2.>09. ROHLFS -CO.. 41 Third.
A — CANDY store In the heart of town: very
cheap; 5350. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third Et.
A — SALOON" on Folsoni st.; 10. years' lease;
"•vfl! ttock^d; merchants' lunch; this is a
chance; 51500. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
A — BAKERY and delicatessen store In. Western
Addition; 4 livinsr room*: sold on account ot
sickness: bargain. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A— GROCERY and bar; old-established place
on Third St.: owner there 3T» years; good rea-
son for felling; $1500. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — OUTSIDE office man for business that will
pay $150-$200 month: fine opening: for young
rr.an with $.'"'50. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale; from $800
up. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third et.
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school;
good corner; $1900. ROHLFS CO... 41 Third.
A — RESTAT-rant and oyster house on 4th st.;
doing good bus.; $400. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A— FIRST-CLASS bakery in Mission; this Is a
good buy; $o(jO. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
AX able, experienced attorney, highly In-
dorsed locally, seeks clients upon a plan of a.
very low annual fee, covering advice, draw-
ing of all papers and services In all legal
matters; -special strong inducements and an
original proposition made to all business men
granting an interview. - Bog 3833. ¦ Call office.
GOOD opportunity. Is offered active man "with
$2000 capital to purchase interest in estab-
lished candy business; fine corn ter etore; _*ood
location. Address box 4073, Call. office.''.FROM SEATTLE.
MONDXy, FEBRUARY 24.
;/j Charles : C.'" Hoffman ;to , same,'' lot on '.W cor
ner "of 'Porter -street and Worden avenue, SW
80 by » NW .-. 118 :6,. block^ IS, '. same; ¦ $10..- • »¦' -> p.
".Alice, -¦¦ Ernest. C. and ; Oscar Hueter » (mlnorB),"
by,j Ernest i L. HUeter ; (suardian), to Bridget
•: Giovanni and Delflna' Mlgnola to TeresaWos
tl'<(wlfe of Stefano),"lot on N ; line; of Telegraph
roads. (Mission).- 82'E<of .Worden ¦ avenue ¦ N w
128.".NE.!80.V'SE-'150,^SW.'63.''.-lot 6,' block ¦= 23,
West ; End '. Map 2 ; $10. . . ; . -• > .
-»s Amos Mecartney to Sophie ¦ H. ¦ Langf ord/> lot
33,< block 6/ Mission and Thirtieth-street Home
stead lUnlon; $50. : •'--¦.'. v. • ¦ v
;-t Louisa ¦ Schaadt " (widow) -, to > Frank I Schaadt.
lot » on - N W ' corner - of .. Woodland avenue '• and
-West Lotta street/ N 44.33, W 80. S 101.31" NE
08.80; • $10.'- ¦¦•¦>.. --•-,¦• •-.;•-.'-.:- ¦--:,'.: ;-;.v: ,,
Margery Bradley to Annie McCloud (wife of
Alexander), 'lot on'SW line of Madison street,
&00 SE of Harrison. SE 25 by- SW: 80; 81500.
John and Ada M. ¦ Hlnkel , to Henry ,W. j and
Alexander Jeroleman, lot on , S ; line of Clement
street 60 E ' of Twenty-sixth avenue, ' E 25 by
S 100; 810. : -.* ,-:-•'..; "¦-¦'.': ' ---. ¦ < ¦
;Callaghan -Eitate Company (corporation) to
Sellna' E. Lewis (wife of * David), lot on -W
line , of Eleventh avenue, 25 - N of I . street, " N
75 by W «5; ?10. r . ' :. . - . -
A. .P. Booth. to Rouleau, ¦ Simpson and Millar
: Title Company ;. (corporation),,. lot on' SW line
of'- Fifteenth ; avenue, S s 150 -from '•; K : street, -S
100 by W. 75,* lot 3, block 309, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association ; $10.
-John Shirley, to" same, -lot' on SW line of Fif
teenth avenue, 75: NW- of K street.NW 75 by
SW 100. lot 2,. block' 309," same; $10. .* •
>. Chester H, • and i Mary E." Warner to Anna D.
Joost.. \ati on : SW--llne of- Nineteenth avenue.
76 : SE ¦ of - L. street,', SE • 75 by SW , 100, lot * 7, ¦
block 387, South. 6an Francisco Homestead iand
Railroad Association; $100.. . .
>i Anna D; Joost ¦ (single) ' to ¦ Solomon Ducas,
same;t$io.-' • • ,.-..'
Eliza Stoddard' .(widow) to John C. Ehret, lot
8, block 390,, same;'S10.;.-'.- ,V..;.,, .
.' Edmond and Ellen Kenney^to'Anna'D "Joost
(single). ' lot 7, ' block ¦ 387,;- same ; - $60. - ¦ ¦¦ .
¦ Theodore ¦ A-: Lord i to Mary ' E. . Elmer* : lot 'on
S line : of ' Ninth avenue. 250 W of , K' street. W
130 by - 8 : 100/ block s 209, \ central Park 'Home
stead; $5. * ' \ -%."-- v- ; -¦¦-¦.¦¦;¦ ¦¦¦: i ---. ¦¦•-,¦¦-¦ . ..¦ .
;."John: and? Margaret .Caine to Mary K.'Mao
donald.'lot on NW line of Calne avenue 176 NB
of • Hearst I street, >¦ NE ¦; 60- by - NW ' 100, lots 12
and '. 13, \ block H, ' * Columbia i Heights ; $10. , '-
, : ; Paul . Desmond to i George W.- rKelly, .: lot » on
N*line ofiKlpley (Prospect, place) .street 1 10BE
of Alabama.. E 25 by N 100, Harris map Preclta
.Valley lands; $10.s :' -'.'¦- •.:¦%'•• ; .
REAL ESTATE ". TBANSACTION"S.
i NOTE — In ¦ tho above exposition of - the tides
the early morning tides ars given in a the left
hand column and the successive tides. of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth, time. column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The , heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the united States
Coast Survey Charts, except; when a minus ( — )
sign -precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts.,: The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. ; ¦ , •
. Lewis :H."' Sage (by "John; LafekmanSi," Sheriff)
to • Charles ¦: S. ;• Laumelster -'-. (assignee h of '.¦ J. ; J. J
Hauer).s lot- on ! S illne ¦ of ' Union , street,- 23 E of
Battery.? 15 25 by.S 60; $303.
?¦¦<: J.- S. j Webster > to : J. "• B." Reinsteln"; : lot : on ¦- E
line i of < Hartford ' ! street, ; 173 ' S < of Nineteenth,
S:2-t:8iby;E;i25;$10.* ....;¦ -,, " .
••Susan'.Beckto'John'McSorley, lpton : B line
of ' Guerrero - street/ 114 • N ; of Twenty-second,
N25 by E:106;i$10. \ ' ;
•B/Kelsey to, Henry. A.V William J2-; Marie A.
and, -Annie •'KT^Planz.'.'lot on NE line of :Dore
street; 133 • NW| »f Bryant, i NW 24 ' by ; NE ; 8.V
qultclalm' deed; : >10. Lr *g»3BlMMHBP»|aWft|
• ' Henry i A:; .William L., - Marie ; A, • and Annie
E.'l Planz'' to Anna E.'j Stretcher,- -" same; " $10. :~-.
[¦¦¦ ;•; Pacific ¦ Improvement Company, to Adele Boy
ken, ; lot 'on : S W ' corner.: of •' Frederick ; and I Clay
ton ftreets.^W 100 by S 25; $10/ ' -
~ -Same . to v Levitt ~H.- Cox. -lot >on S- line of
Frederick, street,; 275- W of Clayton, W 23 by
8-137:6;:?10;: , ' " ¦ - . .
•-Ella- Kaplan .(widow) to 'Harry A. Andrews,'
lot- on~ E * line '"of ; Belvedere j street,' 1 233 :0 S '¦ of
Waller. S'25 by E 121:10%: U0. , ,. - -
•. Matilla A. or Tlllle 'A: Flelschauer to T.'B.
Draper,\}oton : N;llne of Carl : street/' 105 E of
Wlllard.?E 25 : by/Nil37:6; $10, f ; ! v -.,
~ Henry and Lena "White ; to Mary E. McGuire
(Wifeof James),'- lot ¦ on IN line 1 of : Page street;
103 '-TV*- of Baker,, W, 30 by N 137 :6; $10. , ; " '
- Richard and^ Fanny S.\ Keller to . Richard S.
Williams," lot ; on N . line of Fell street, '< 100 W
of Scott. "W'^25 by ;N-' 137:6; $10.. _ ¦>> > - "«•
:;Hezekiahj Dow 'and >• Susan -^ H. . nines (ex
ecutors of <•.' estate . of ;-. -' Elizabeth "Waters) to
Thomas G. Crothers, . lot . on • NW corner of
deary and Polk 'streets, :-W; 65. by N 120; also
lot on N' line ; of Geary v street,' 55 W. of . Polk,
W 27:6 ( by N< 120;: $4!), 100. •
Carrie C. - and Charles Tolford to Morgan
Richards, lot ' on - N-- line . of Oak street, BO E
of 'Scott. '-.E-'25:by = NJ100; $10. ± .¦;.¦•.,;- -..•.:.-
. •• A. ? L. : Bertelsen to ' Florence .S.I and I. * New
ton Rosekrans, < lot on W 5 line of * Scott ' street,
132:0 S of Waller.iS 25 by "W 116:3; $2200.
- Philip , and - Rlke : Stern to Catherine Dough
erty, lot on Nllne of -Pacific avenue, 137:6 E
of. Polk, K>34:4%.-by.'-N> 127:8%; $10. •;
Frederick ! Tillmann' (trustee of Restate" of
Clause Mangels,,; for Alice. '.Ernest C; and'.Os
car'Hueter) to: same,"- undivided '.fifth of same;
*3500. V';" ; '"' ; " : ¦-¦¦¦-¦' '"'¦¦-¦-.:.¦ ... :,i. - :
"Emma'H.'Tillmann and Apies Manarels to
same,' undivided 24-45thsof same; $*J33.--,
; V.Vlctcr ¦¦ J. Stearns to. same (wife), all of
same ;' sift.' -v ' . .. • v -
Agnes and Frederick Tillmann (minors),- by
Frederick Tlllmann. Jr. , Ocuardian) to same,
undivided fifth of. same; $3500.
NEAH'BAY— Passed out Feb 23 — Nor stmr
Tellus,.' from ; Oyster '.Harbor, ¦ for' San "Fran
cisco. "' •¦'.;¦""-.¦¦ ¦',¦¦¦;-¦ - .'.. ,..¦ .:-,:-.¦».»-_*.¦¦
Passed: in Feb 23— Br bark Inverkip, from
Stearns,- undivided fifteenth of lot ¦ on> SE ' cor
per.of Turk and Polk streets, E 27:6 by" S 85:
S1166.- •:•',.:• . -.¦'.-- ' ..':¦•.¦...-•- . •
POINT. SUR— Passed Feb 22,/C:l5 p m—
Stmr Melville Dollar, from Grays Harbor, for
San 'Pedro. ? ' -*¦ .'" ' ' • ¦ ' '
SEATTLE-^-Salled Feb 23— Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco. ' ¦*,-„'¦. .. .'¦ ' .. -.
• . Sailed , Feb 1!2 — Stmr Dolphin, for. Skagway;
stmr Newport, • for Quacha : Bay. • .
Arrived Feb • ,23— Ger: ship Thekla, > from
Yokohama. . • .'".' ¦¦¦-'¦ ' ' - ' .- ¦•¦ ..','
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 22,.li J a m—
Stmr Cliehalls.: for; San 'Pedro; -' • t. -
: Feb 2a — Stmr Arcata. from * Coos Bay, for
San . Francisco, returned from bar; did not
sail." •¦'-< -¦-' -"¦ :.-¦•-:-¦.'¦ i -•¦ : - -. •
. DOMESTIC PORTS. .
COOS ' BAY^Arrlved Feb : 23— Stmr Empire,
hence Feb 21 ;. stmr Alliance, • from Portland. ;
Per stmr '. Greenwood,: from Greenwood, Feb
23 —Too rough - to load at Greenwood ; , proceed
ed with half cargo. ; ; . ¦ .
POINT • LOBOS, J Feb 23, - 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S.E., velocity-44 miles per hour.
:~ ' MEMORANDUM. < , . : ¦ :
¦ .Sunday, February 23.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander/for San' Diego.
Stmr Coos. Bay, . Gielow, for. San Pedro. f
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, for San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, : Jessen, for Eureka. ¦
. - . , . : TELEGRAPHIC. , ':
SAILED,
, ¦ Sunday, Februa'ry 23. : : •
Stmr South Portland, Sears,- 100 hours from
Portlard. : . . - ' , •¦ ¦ • ,
Stmr Greenwood. FaKerlund,: 20 hours from
Greenwood. . ,- ¦ ,¦-,¦
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, 34 hours from
Ventura. . V- - • •. ¦"- • ¦¦\
.Stmr State of California, Thomas, .42 hours
from San- Diego and way -ports. •¦-¦¦'
Br :. bark Inverclyde, : Milne, - 124 days ' from
LI vei'Eool. -,.'¦. , ¦' . ...
' ' Barge. Santa Paula,-McGovern,"3 days from
San Pedro, in; tow. of tug: Rescue. .-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamship. Peru v yesterday . dis
charged her cargo of ' silk. - She jj brought
more than, J770.000 worth of the product.'
The Peru will be.placed on the drydock
to-morrow. ¦ .s > ";.-'.".. ' > • -
Peru Discharges Silk.
NOTE — Th« - high and . low waters occur at
the -city- front -. (Mission-street- , wharf) . about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort- Point;
the height of . tide Is .the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times v and Heights of . High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
• Francisco J3ay. Published by official au
: thorlty of. the : Superintendent,": ..:¦-.
Sun, Moon and Tide*
' Yamaguchi > A.Takermera , ; a. v Japanese
waiter employed at the Osbourne' House,
fell Into the bay. yestorday from Lombard
street wharf while hauling up a. crab net.
He was dried out at the Harbor Hospital.
Japanese- Submerged.
The British ship M.' E. ; Watson, which
arrived • in Seattle the oth«r : day, • 77 days
from Iquique, reached that port just three
days too late to take advantage of a good
charter. She encountered contrary, winds
all the way up from Iquique and was for
twelve days fighting baffling weather off
Cape Flattery.' .The Watson - was char
tered last * September, when rates were
very high. - , She; 4:otr one. of the- highest
then : prevailingj~but r .must-now*-take -:her
chances with. the disengaged fleet.
Misses Charter by Three Days.
The British bark, . Inverclyde arrived
yesterday, 124 . days "from Liverpool. / She
left the. English port October 22 : and , ex
perienced favorable weather until Decem
ber 31, when a heavy southwesterly gale
stirred up seas that dashed clear over the
ship. One of these seas knocked 'down P.
Lv Thornton, an apprentice, and broke
his right leg both above and below., the
knee.. The youngster_was • taken : af t and
made as comfortable as . the crude - sur
gery of unskilled hands would allow. Cap
tain Milne . put the shattered limb in
splints, but when the Inverclyde arrived
yesterday he. reported that • Thornton's
knee was terribly swollen and that the
lad was in sore need Of that rest and quiet
not obtainable at sea.. He will- be re
moved to-day to St. Mary's 'Hospital.
Breaks Leg in Two Places.
Captain Hohnberg "of the schooner Sao
Buena Ventura | makes | a charge | against
the 'life-saving crew :< : at \Westport,; near
Grays -Harbor, .which amounts to an ac
cusation of inexcusable, neglect of
duty : or of cowardice, ; such ¦ as Is rarely
found In the llfe-savlng.service of an An
glo-Saxon : band.. The . San ' Buena Ven
tura, left here a 'month ago and ; reached
Grays; Harbor, after' a rough voyage' of
eleven days. ; She . anchored - Just .; outside
the harbor. Hardly had her anchor, taken
holdwhen r a violent -storm came up. So
suddenly did the gale break that Captain
Hohnberg and his mate were;thrown.vio
lently,, to >the deck and several; members
of; the crew sustained injuries more ' or
less severe. ' The * storm continued all
night, v An additional anchor was let go,
but- even with this extra hold the vessel
repeatedly ' dragged. All night long sig
nals: of distress were flashed. The .West
port ¦ life-saying station was within . sight
of •-. the ¦ imperiled : sailors. ¦{. Not the ¦ least
attention; however,' was . paid to the ap
peals for help; ; ; The rockets must have
-been visible, for. miles around and could
hardly, have escaped [ the attention of the
Westport station. Captain Hohnberg con
cluded that the life-saving ; lookout • was
asleep or that the crew, was afraid to faco
the .turbulent ~ sea. -Both anchor chains
-parted just before '.. daybreak ' and ¦ the
schooner drifted to 'sea. Captain Hohn-
Derg.-says ho will never forget that drift
ing over .the. bar.t The vessel was unman
ageable and; they ; had to trust absolutely
to the mercies of the 'elements. They
reached open = water ¦ and for two weeks
cruised about' in the vicinity of the har
bor unable on account of 'the weather to
re-enter. . -The San Buena -Ventura finally
crossed the bar last Wednesday and is
now loading lumber for this port. Cap
tain Hohnberg, inthe interests of coast
ing seafarers, has asked for an investiga
tion of: the action. of the Newport life
saving -station in ignoring his signals.
Apprentice on 'British Bark
Meets With Painful
:, Accident.
Serious Charge Is, ; Made
-Against -Grew at
Westport.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb 23— Bktn Ama
ranth, " from Salinas Cruz. '
FOREIGN PORT.
Iquique; stmr" Umatilla, hence- Feb 21, for
Victoria and' Puget Sound ports. • '
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Feb 23— Bktn
John ; Palmer, . from Mollendo; • '
Sailed ; inward. '. Feb 23 — Ger shin Thekla,
from Yokohama, »for.. : Seattle. ." •-"¦..
Sailed Feb 23— Fr bark ; Glen ' Afton/ for
Queen?town; 3chr Forester, i for . San Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVER— Sailed Feb 23.* lp m—
Btmr Argo; for San Francisco.
". Stmr - Washtenaw,'' from • Taconia. for ; San
Francisco. - is stormbound at Clallam Bay. ¦:
ASTORIA — Sailed Feft 23— Stmr Acme, ' for
San TiiIiii TiiwiiMifiwiiiftnilril m\ir^ii>1"
i Arrived i Feb , 23-r-Br ship Marion Llghtbody,
from Pisaeua.
:'.--- Reported outside Feb 23— Fr bark Les Adel
phee, from Madagascar: Br ship Rockhurst.
from "Mollendo; Br ship Earl oJ Cadogan, • f rom
Port Los Anseles - . :. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb ' 23— Stmr Cam
pania, ; from . Liverpool ; stmr St' Louis, from
Southampton; stmr Kronprinx Wllhelm. from
Bremen. - . - . x ¦•¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Tauric.
from ' New York.' ji jiniiiijiwr jHWl|E l 'te»'4WW» > m
• MOVILLE- -Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Anchorla,
from Glasgow, for : New : York.
.QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 23^-Stmr TJm
bria,. from Liverpool, for New -York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRnTB.
ACCUSES LIFE
SAVERS OF FEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 5 19UZ.
TO SAIL.
9
dteamer.
For.
Satis.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 25
nirigro....... Skagrway & Way; Ports.! Feb. 27
City Seattle.-. Skagway A Way Porti.iFeB. 28
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. r 1
Al-Kl.... Skagway'&Way Ports. (Mar. 1
- Steamer. .
Lakme
Despatch..
Hyades...;
Coronado. . .
8. Barbara.
February 24.
Astoria & Portland.]
Seattle & Falrhaven
Honolulu. & Kahulul
Grays Harbor ....
Grays Harbor ...'...
Febrnnry Z5.
Mendodno City. . . .
Grays ' Harbor .....
Seattle .&• Tacoma. .
China & Japan....
Puget Sound Ports.
i February 20.
Coqullle River.' ....
Coqul lie River ......
Humboldt .....
Grays Harbor .....
Grays Harbor ....
8an . Diego : & Way..
Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd
February 27.
Portland * Way : ; .
Newport ' & Way Pts
Humboldt .........
Sydney. & Way....
Hamburg & AVay..
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Astoria & Portland
. February 28. .
Grays Harbor .....
Panama & Way....
March 2. .
Seattle A Tacoma'..
Puget Sound . Ports.
San Diego & Way..
.. March 4.
Astoria & Portland
. . March- 5.'
China & Japan .'. . .
Destination.
I Sail*. I Pl«r.
Sl pmfPiar 2
. 5 pmlPter IB
...... (Pier 20
5 pm | Pier 2
6 pmiPier 2
8 pmjPter 13
6 pmiPier 2
10 am|Pler 2
1 pm|PMSS
11 amIPler 0
Phoenix...'.
Newburg...
C. Nelson..
Nippon Mar
City Puebla
Argoi......
Mandalay..
Pomona. . ..
G.C.Lln<l'er
Sequoia. ...
State Cal. . .
Arcata.....
4 pm Pier 2
6 pm Pier 2
1:30 p Pier 0
...... Pitt —
5 pm Pl»»r 2
B am Pier 11
12 c m Pier 13
Alliance...
Bonlta....'.
North Fork
8onoma....
Luxor....:.
Czarina....
G. W. Eldei
...... Pier —
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
5 pm Pier 2.
11 am Pier 24
G. Dollar..
San Juan.;
I 6 pm|Pler 2
|12 m|PMS3
Santa Ana.
Queen
Spokane...
10 am Pier 2
11 am Pier 0
[» am Pier 11
Columbia..
11 am Pier 24
Peru.......
1 pmfPMSS
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
O.C.Llndauer
Mandalay....
Sequoln... ....
Phoenix......
Crescent City
8. Barbara...
Pomona...:..
Bonita. ......
O. W. Elder. .
North Fork. .
Ciarlna.v. ...
Bantu Ana. . .
Coronado. .. . .
Progreso. . ...
Newburs;."....
Area ta ;......
Argo... ......
Empire......
Queen .......
Eur»ka
Alliance.....
Washtenaw..
Point Arena.'.
Santa Hosa. .
Curacao......
Coos Bay. . . .
G. Dollar*. ...
R. Dollar. . . .
Columbia../.
Ban Jose.;...
Umatllla.v...
Coptic.
Alameda.....
Palena.. .....
Grays. Harbor. .... .". ... [Feb. 24 -
Coquille River. .....;..; Feb. 24
Grays ; Harbor. ....'. .... Feb. 24
Mendoclno City... Feb. 24
Crescent City .......... Feb. 24
Redondo ............... Feb. Si
Humboldt '......'...'.¦.;. Feb. 24
Newport & Way Ports.. Feb. 24
Portland A Astoria. . . . Feb. 24
Humboldt Feb. 24
Seattle ft Tacoma Feb. 24
Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 24
Grays Harbor ......... Feb. 24
Seattle Feb. 24
8an Pedro ............ Jeb. 25
Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 25
Coquille River ........ Feb. 25
Coos Bay ...'....?...;. Feb. 2tJ
Puget Sound Ports..../. Feb. 2fi
Humboldt •............'. Feb. 28
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 2rt
Tacoma'. ..... .......... Feb. 20
Point Arena Feb. 27
San Diego ft Way Ports Feb. 27
Mexican Ports" '......... Feb. 2T
Ban Pedro ft Way Ports Feb. 28
Hueneme V. . . . ..... •'. .". Feb. 28
Seattle ft Hadlock ..... Mar.' 1
Portland ft Astoria .... Mar. 1
Panama & Way Ports.. iMar. 1
Pus;et Sound Ports .... I Mar. J
China ft Japan ....'. ...Mar. 4
Honolulu ......{Mar. 4
Valparaiso ft Way Pts.|Mar. , 5
Sut
Sur
Mo.
rises.....
sets......
*n rises...
'"'" y •
............6:49
;;.5:57
.....8:2-4 p. in.
• 'I
Time ¦:.
Ft
H Wj
1:001 6.5
.1:35 .5.3
1:35 - 6.3
2:11 6.2
2:49 5.0
3:29 4.9
4:10 4.8
4:56 4.7
Tim* . Tlmtl
-— Ft. -— -!
L W ; H W|
6:39 TeiiTsi
7:80 1.5 1:46
'7:30 1.6 1:46
8:19 1.5 2:40
9:09 1.4 3:41
10:09 1.3 4:48
11:10 1.2 0:03
12:07 1.1 7:17
~~ ¦ , ITtmal
TfX. I 1 ft.
- 6.1 6:53 1.0
, 4.T 7:34 .1.6
4.7 .7SM 1.6
4.4 8:12 1.9
4.0 8:63 2.3
3.7 9:39 2.7
3.6 10:S5 2.9
3.7U-.40' 3.0
24
25
25
26
27
28
1
a
Sut
Sur
Mo.
rises.....
sets......
*n rises...
'"'" y •
............6:49
;;.5:57
.....8:2-4 p. in.
• 'I
Time ¦:.
Ft
H Wj
1:001 6.5
.1:35 .5.3
1:35 - 6.3
2:11 6.2
2:49 5.0
3:29 4.9
4:10 4.8
4:56 4.7
Tim* . Tlmtl
-— Ft. -— -!
L W ; H W|
6:39 TeiiTsi
7:80 1.5 1:46
'7:30 1.6 1:46
8:19 1.5 2:40
9:09 1.4 3:41
10:09 1.3 4:48
11:10 1.2 0:03
12:07 1.1 7:17
~~ ¦ , ITtmal
TfX. I 1 ft.
- 6.1 6:53 1.0
, 4.T 7:34 .1.6
4.7 .7SM 1.6
4.4 8:12 1.9
4.0 8:63 2.3
3.7 9:39 2.7
3.6 10:S5 2.9
3.7U-.40' 3.0
24
25
25
26
27
28
1
a
dteamer.
For.
Satis.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 25
nirigro....... Skagrway & Way; Ports.! Feb. 27
City Seattle.-. Skagway A Way Porti.iFeB. 28
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. r 1
Al-Kl.... Skagway'&Way Ports. (Mar. 1
- Steamer. .
Lakme
Despatch..
Hyades...;
Coronado. . .
8. Barbara.
February 24.
Astoria & Portland.]
Seattle & Falrhaven
Honolulu. & Kahulul
Grays Harbor ....
Grays Harbor ...'...
Febrnnry Z5.
Mendodno City. . . .
Grays ' Harbor .....
Seattle .&• Tacoma. .
China & Japan....
Puget Sound Ports.
i February 20.
Coqullle River.' ....
Coqul lie River ......
Humboldt .....
Grays Harbor .....
Grays Harbor ....
8an . Diego : & Way..
Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd
February 27.
Portland * Way : ; .
Newport ' & Way Pts
Humboldt .........
Sydney. & Way....
Hamburg & AVay..
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Astoria & Portland
. February 28. .
Grays Harbor .....
Panama & Way....
March 2. .
Seattle A Tacoma'..
Puget Sound . Ports.
San Diego & Way..
.. March 4.
Astoria & Portland
. . March- 5.'
China & Japan .'. . .
Destination.
I Sail*. I Pl«r.
Sl pmfPiar 2
. 5 pmlPter IB
...... (Pier 20
5 pm | Pier 2
6 pmiPier 2
8 pmjPter 13
6 pmiPier 2
10 am|Pler 2
1 pm|PMSS
11 amIPler 0
Phoenix...'.
Newburg...
C. Nelson..
Nippon Mar
City Puebla
Argoi......
Mandalay..
Pomona. . ..
G.C.Lln<l'er
Sequoia. ...
State Cal. . .
Arcata.....
4 pm Pier 2
6 pm Pier 2
1:30 p Pier 0
...... Pitt —
5 pm Pl»»r 2
B am Pier 11
12 c m Pier 13
Alliance...
Bonlta....'.
North Fork
8onoma....
Luxor....:.
Czarina....
G. W. Eldei
...... Pier —
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
5 pm Pier 2.
11 am Pier 24
G. Dollar..
San Juan.;
I 6 pm|Pler 2
|12 m|PMS3
Santa Ana.
Queen
Spokane...
10 am Pier 2
11 am Pier 0
[» am Pier 11
Columbia..
11 am Pier 24
Peru.......
1 pmfPMSS
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
O.C.Llndauer
Mandalay....
Sequoln... ....
Phoenix......
Crescent City
8. Barbara...
Pomona...:..
Bonita. ......
O. W. Elder. .
North Fork. .
Ciarlna.v. ...
Bantu Ana. . .
Coronado. .. . .
Progreso. . ...
Newburs;."....
Area ta ;......
Argo... ......
Empire......
Queen .......
Eur»ka
Alliance.....
Washtenaw..
Point Arena.'.
Santa Hosa. .
Curacao......
Coos Bay. . . .
G. Dollar*. ...
R. Dollar. . . .
Columbia../.
Ban Jose.;...
Umatllla.v...
Coptic.
Alameda.....
Palena.. .....
Grays. Harbor. .... .". ... [Feb. 24 -
Coquille River. .....;..; Feb. 24
Grays ; Harbor. ....'. .... Feb. 24
Mendoclno City... Feb. 24
Crescent City .......... Feb. 24
Redondo ............... Feb. Si
Humboldt '......'...'.¦.;. Feb. 24
Newport & Way Ports.. Feb. 24
Portland A Astoria. . . . Feb. 24
Humboldt Feb. 24
Seattle ft Tacoma Feb. 24
Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 24
Grays Harbor ......... Feb. 24
Seattle Feb. 24
8an Pedro ............ Jeb. 25
Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. 25
Coquille River ........ Feb. 25
Coos Bay ...'....?...;. Feb. 2tJ
Puget Sound Ports..../. Feb. 2fi
Humboldt •............'. Feb. 28
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 2rt
Tacoma'. ..... .......... Feb. 20
Point Arena Feb. 27
San Diego ft Way Ports Feb. 27
Mexican Ports" '......... Feb. 2T
Ban Pedro ft Way Ports Feb. 28
Hueneme V. . . . ..... •'. .". Feb. 28
Seattle ft Hadlock ..... Mar.' 1
Portland ft Astoria .... Mar. 1
Panama & Way Ports.. iMar. 1
Pus;et Sound Ports .... I Mar. J
China ft Japan ....'. ...Mar. 4
Honolulu ......{Mar. 4
Valparaiso ft Way Pts.|Mar. , 5
KENRY J. GALLAGHER 'CO.
. . (Successor to. Flannagan & Gallagher.) K
. . -DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr., .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND . EMBALMERS.
20. Fifth st.,. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ >'. Telephone South SO. . ;;-,;-
J. HENDERSON. Manager!
Mf. OH vet Cemetery,
. ; ¦ JEAN BRUNO HILLS. :
OFFICE 816, MARKET, STRF.ET.
SHERIFF'S SALE— N. CLARK & SONS (a cor-
| poration). plaintiff, vs. WILLIAM PATTER-
SON et aL, defendants; No. 65.825; Superior
Court, Department ¦ No. 7. Order of sale and
decree of foreclosure.' Under and by virtue of
' an order of sale and decree of foreclosure,
issued out of the Superior Court,' Department
No. 7, of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State . of California, on the - 6th .- day
of February, A... D. .1902, in the above en-
. titled action, -wherein. N. j CLARK. & SONS
.-- (a .corporation), the, above named .plaintiff,
obtained a judsment - and decree of fore-
closure against WILLIAM PATTERSON,
¦CAROLINE T. WILLIAMSON (formerly
Caroline Trenholffl Butler) and 1H0MAS
• WILLIAMSON, her husband, defendants, on
the 14th day of January, A. D. 1902, which
said Judgment, and decree was on- the. 10th
- day of January,. A. D. 1902, -recorded in
. judgment book 66 of said court/ at page
187, I am commanded to sell all that cer-
rtain 4ot, piece or parcel of land, sltua'e,
lying, and being in the- City and County of
San Francisco, - State • of , California and
bounded and described ' as • follows : Com-
mencing at a point on the northeasterly line
of Eighth avenue south, distant thereon one
hundred (100) feet southeasterly from the
•outheasterly line of N street south; run-
ning thence southeasterly along said north-
easterly line of- Eighth avenue south one
hundred (100) feet; thence at a right angle
northeasterly one hundred (100) feet; thence
at a right angle ¦ northwesterly one hundred
(100) feet, and thence at a right angle south,
westerly one hundred (100) feet to the point
of commencement. Public notice is hereby
given that on TUESDAY, the 11th day of
March, A. D.. 1902, at 11 o'clock a. m of
that day, in froht of the City Hall, McAl-
lister street wing, in the City and County of
San Francisco, ' I will. In obedience i to said
order of sale find decree of foreclosure, -sell
the above described property, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to raise suf-
ficient money to satisfy said Judgment, with
interest and costs, etc., to the hiehest and
best bidder," for lawful money. of the United
.States. i. .
. . JOHN LACK VANN. Sheriff.
' San Francisco, February 17, 1902. ¦ >
SHERIFF'S SALE.
REMOVED!
McGinn bros.. \
FUNERAL DIRECTORS - and", EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 220 McAllister at. , (For-
•merly of 31 Eddy at. Tel. South 252.)
ALAMRDA ADYRRT1SEMKNTS.
y ALA3IE DA REAL ESTATE. _
?2O50— NEW complete cottage of C rooniB: fine
location; everything ' first-clays: lot 50x120; ,
$1200 cash; terme. J. H. YOUNG. Builder.
1243 Park st. -
HOO.MS KOR HOCSEKEBPIXG.
ARIE£rand"iOLAR^atsT525 and 531 Turk st.;
first class: new bids.: housekeeping suites. ;
AUSTIN. 102. bet. Bush and Pine, off Polk—
2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms. ' -.-
; BELL. The. 177.1 Market— Parlor suite." kitchen,
; tras range. ?20; also one single. ?»¦ ' ..."-¦.
FIFTH. 353—: Furnished housekeeping; two,
(12; three,* $12; also three, $20; also single.
GEARY, 1S12H — Three comfortably furnished
rooms for housekeeping; no children; $15.' . ,
j GOLDEN GATE ave.. 126 — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; grate; gas stove; water.
LAGUNA 1310, near Ellis— T-wo eunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.-
MARTHA place. 2. oft Geary, near Taylor—
Two lower rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. ai5 (lower)— 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; gaa range; $15. '
MINNA. 28 — Sunny ! furnished •"¦ housekeeping
rooms; single and double; cheap.
OAK 119— Large front room; $10; 2 basement
rooms. $9; sunny room. $7; furnished house-
keeping. - : . ' '
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner . Geary — Bay-window;
sun all day; gas stove: folding-bed. .
! O'FARRELL, 131B — 2 unfurnished parlors and
1 kitchen: bath: also lower floor, 3 rooms, $15;
j phone Scott g5S. ' r . ;
THIRD, 415B — Furnished rooms; housekeep-
ing sunny front room and kitchen; gas; bath.;
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.-. ,
VAN NBSS, 1000 — Large . sunny housekeeping
suites and other rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, .2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '•-¦-. :-•"•.-¦
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. an«l Unfnrn.
AKGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New,, elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 76c day .upward; rates' 1
by week or month; McAllister cara to door. ¦ :
A— BRUNSWICK • House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week/ ani :
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ttlshed rms., suites, single; 'also unfurnished."
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. ' 751 — Elegant newly furnished sunny
rooms, with or* without board; also house-
keeping suites.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 50 night; $1 60. $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 418, The Pierpont — Beautifully fur-
¦nished eulte: private bath; sun all day; $35.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single,
transient: baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 794, corner Hyde-^-Elegrant furnished
suite; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 425-427— Modern im-
provements, with electric lights; hot and cold
water In every room; baths; price from $10
to $30. -
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly.
home at moderate charges ;suit, single ; elc vat.
GRANT. 245 — New bachelor apartments; fur.'
or unfur.; rumble physician or dentist; rets.
HOWARD, 728 — Large room for two; another
for $5 per month. -. - - - - .
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Poet— Of flee \ or sunny
furnished rooms ; en eulte or single.' •
LARKIN, B19%^-Sunny front room suitable
two gentlemen; gas; bath and phone; reas-
onable.
MARKET, 1032— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
$1 25 single, $150 double. ... '.;.¦. . .
MASON, 123 — A sunny well furnished room
to let. . ¦ .. ¦ ¦-.".;'.:¦
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly- furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 541— Hall room; gas; bath; call morn-
Ing or evening. ?.-. ¦•
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly : furnished
bay-window roomrfl per week; transient. '.
NEW ARLINGTON,' 1015 Market— Nicely f ur-
nisned rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1539 — Corner room; sunny," dean, reas-
' enable; hot baths; respectable parties only.
ROYAL House, 126 Kills— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
* lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House,'-28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis.; 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone; - ' ..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia 6t. /--...¦ : - -
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
EDDY. 816 — Elegantly furnished sunny room;
refined couple or 2 gentlemen; every con-
venience. . - - ¦.
EDDY, 626. The Irvingdale— Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High class hotel ;fur.
¦ suites or single;, board optional ; steam heat.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
' family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 2228— Nicely furnished rooms;
good board: couples or gents. ¦ ¦¦¦:•-'¦'•.
BUSH. 2215 — Two large I sunny rooms with
board; first-class home cooking. .' '
VAN NESS. 619-rHandsome furnished sunny
EUltes, single rooms; first-class table board.
CROCKER. The, 915 " Leavenworth-^Sunny
rms.; sin, and suites; ground and tennis crt.
JOHNSON.. The, 605 O'Farrell — Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny • front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Suite of two rooms unfurnished, ex-
cepting carpets; In modern house; private
family, with board; north of Market and east
of Fillmore. Address box 689, Call office.
RPPTCRE 8 ANITARIUM. . '
RUPTURE I CURE— TREATMENT STRTSB. ~
If ruptured, call at Hunter's. Sanitarium, 1208
Market tt.. rooms 5 and 6; new system. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC . COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms fl-10: tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. "
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.,
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- '
pairing: -lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ¦ and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
ston St.; .tel. Howard »41. FY. W. ZEHFTJB8.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market at.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture. Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore * st. : phone Jackson 281.
TO : 1.KASK. Ll i". : .'-I -I-'...
BRICK building, suitable for ¦ factory, etc.;
..-- C34-C38 Howard Bt., f near 2d. McEWEN
BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. .
T_VPE\VniTKRS AXD^ SUPPLIES. :
GREAT. BA^GAINS^~TYPEWr7tERS— W#
sell better machines for lees money than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection = Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors:ey:tlmate free. 209 Saneome.
PltOl'tJSALS. .. 1 ' :¦¦¦
£33a1^ d"p!i61>o£a^^
¦ office of the ' Lighthouse . Inspector," 404 • Safe
" Deposit building, ¦ San Francisco," Cal.", ¦' until
12 o'clock ; m., .- March ; 4, -l!>02, and . then
*• opened,' for furnishing, and delivering provis-
ions, and fuel for. vecsels and stations in -the
Twelfth Llghthouee • District for -the -fiscal
si yeftr ending June 30,1903, in accordance with
¦ tpeclflcatfons. ¦-¦ copies^ of-.' tvhlch; ¦ with* blank
. ¦ proposals , and : Information. . may ¦ be. had upon
Application . to;, Commander JOHN' B." MIL-
" TON. U. S. N., inspector.,
XAILWAY TBATEL.
CAUFOiu NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
' T_iHJSSEH3S
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAYiiCOMPANY.
TlburonFerry, Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00,' 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-»-Extra trips-
- at 1 :50 and. 11 :30 p. m. r_ -.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ! : . . :.
8an Rafael to San Francisco. '
WEEK DAYS— «:10, "7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
.12:45, 3:40,: 5:15 p.-m. Saturdays — Extra
: trips at 1:65 and 9:35 p. m. ... _-¦¦
SUNDATS-^8:1O. 9:4O. 11:10. a. m.;. 1:40. 3:40.
• 6:05, 6:25 p. m. - ..'. .". ' T
Leave I In Effect- I- Arrive 1 /.' ".-*
San Francisco.' [Apr. 2S," 1801 [San Francisca '
Week I Sun-,1 - , I *Sun- I Week
. Uays. I days. ¦ I Destination I days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato." 10:40am 8:40am
' 3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, , 8:06pm 10:25am
,5:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm « :20pm
Fulton,' ¦ • ¦' . ¦
7:30am ' Windsor., > 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am _
- - . Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30cm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pto C :20pm
T'SOam 5:00pm 'Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
8:30pm '8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7.30am :: ~~ 10:40am 10:25am
- 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
,3:30pm 5:00pm - ¦-: C:20pm
7;30am S:00am : Sonoma ' 8:15am 8:40am
, - and ¦ , . »
:6:10pm '5:00pm Glen, Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| ¦¦• ¦ . .-¦; |10:40am|10:^5am
3 :30pm |:5:00pm| Sebastopol. 1 7 :35pm | ti :20pm
- , Stages connect ' at Santa Rosa ; '¦ for ; - Marie
West> Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fultfln » for Altruria; at Lytton - for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for. Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale : for.r the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan < Springs ' Highland Springs. .> Kelsey-
vllle,* 1 Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. v- Lakeport
and 'Bartlett ¦-•: Sprint*: at Ukiah for Vichy
Sprtngu, Saratoga Springs. Bhie Lakf«. Laurel
Dell • Lake. -Witter , Springs, • Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley,' John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'*,
Bucknell'B.tSanhedrin Heights, .Hullvllie, Orr's
Hot Springs^'Mendocino- City.— Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummin*. -,
Bell' s Springs. .. Harris, Olsen'a. v Dyer. , Scotia
and Eureka. - ' •, . : - ' ¦ ¦'. ¦¦ ~.
' Saturday to Monday ; round-trip tickets at re-
*On -Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafaelat half rates.
Ticket -office, "630 Market street. Chronic!*
? 1 H^ C fwHITINa.V X -n. X: RYAN.
, . -' • Gen. Manager. ~ Gen. .Pass. .Agt.
nouNT tMalpais railway
• - Leave.-. = Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
• San Fran. . ' Foot of Market St San Fran.
9-30 A . 8:00a. 1 « mia j w, Ta „ JM 1.00 P. «J:45 A,
ill! i ffl|t |^5 a ';. t£ f:
.-'¦¦' ¦¦ r»». £•» rrmaebe* to Sumnlt ml lUtan. II. *\ " . '
: B*k.tomnj, «il JIABrwET STUtll «i 8AC8AIXT0 T112.1
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On' and alter Feb. 22, - 1002, ' we will occupy
OUR OWN . BUILDING at 1809 Mission - St.,
bet. I5th : and lfth. TELEPHONE: MISSION
100. "CHA8. H. J. TRUMAN & CO.. Funeral
Directors and Embalmers... , . ' /
CREMATION $10,
THE UNDERTAKERS "AND GENERAL
public are hereby • notified that the price for
cremation s at CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
Is now $10.;. r ' ¦ '-•• ¦'¦•.'•
Cypress Lawn Cemetery ¦ iss'n,
,-/ • * 1504 MARKET ST.'-
. ICT^Friends . and. acquaintances ; are .respect-
fully i Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuerday), at ¦ 10 . o'clock,, from.; B. 1 " B.V Hall,'
121* Eddy street, 1 , where services ' will : be ' held
r •' (crFtiends and acquaintances are.respect-
V fully. Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
- , (Tuesday), • at '2 o'clock/from , her late resl-
; • dence,:; 1077 Valencia^street. ¦,. , ¦ . < ,<•
HANLON— At" r«tt, in^this city, February 23,
1902, Ann. • beloved wife . of the late ' Valen-
tine - Hanlon,--. a native of Dublin." Ireland."
' 'ICThe funeral •will take 'place -to-morrow
(Tuesday), • at - 8 :S0 • o'clock; > from - : her .• late
• residence,' 1433 Jackson , street, '". thence to St.
- Brigid's Church,' where*:a'-, solemn, requiem
r/iassiwlH be.: celebrated .for*. the^ repose = of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ; Friends
. are invited : to attend. , > Interment ' Holy Cross
Cemetery... • Pleace- omit .- : •:
HAUSMANN— In this clty-i " February 23. 1902,
Joseph.t: dearly ; beloved.' husband .. of Evalina
'Hausmann,'. a 'native : of ; Bohemia, ' affed ;• 55
¦ ' year*. ,;: (Reno . and .Eureka,;:. Nev., ; papers
.?please .'copy')', -'v."..; '.^'¦¦-¦V i '>. ' .¦¦¦. ¦:;¦ '¦"
E7" Friends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully Invited .to 1 attend , the funeral- to-day
." (Monday), .-' at 9 o'clock, from 1 , her late • resl-
•- dence.r 261 2 Post street, thence to St.'. Dom-
. ¦ inlc's Church, where a -solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for -- the reoose . of
•her soul at 9:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery. y, . i -
EDWAKDft^-In 1 , Manchester, Ohio, February
. 22, , 1902, ' JuJIa L., • beloved ; wife of Charles
W. Edward", a native of County Meath, Ire-
land, a ted 20 years. ,'. . ,V , -. - ¦, ¦
GRABILL— In . this : city, February 22, 1902,'
. Malinda, •. widow of the .¦ late George G. ; Gra-
, bill; and beloved > mother " of : Sarah > G. and
George- D.; Gr.iblll, .a native of Pennsylva-
-- nia,'» aged'. 74 years.- , • ' ,
• -tCTTrlends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited (to, attend the funeral services
at the residence, 1581 Pacific ; avenue, * to-
morrow " (Tuesday), at 9: o'clock. Interment
¦¦¦¦ private;" ."' :„ .." -¦'•,.- ;'. .. ,. ,,.-:: - . - y
DRISCOLI^— In" this - city.'. February 21,' 1002,
Teresa K..' beloved daughter of Bridget. T.
- and the late Daniel . Driscoll, and : beloved
JBister of. = the Rev. F. P. , Drlscotl, : O. P.," and
Cath^rip« F. and. the". late Agnes Driscoll, a
' native of -Lawrence, Mass. .:¦ ..,-;:,-^r~
.' IcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited. to attend the funeral Wednes-
day,,, February 26. -at -2 o'clock, from her
late: residence, y 923 Jackion .street. Inter-
nment 'Laurel 1 Hill. Cemetery.
BLISS— In this city. February 22, 1902, Georg*
. D.,. beloved husband of Martha Guerin Bliss
. a native of Albany, New York, ared' 74
years and 23- days. .. - '
BARRETA— In this city, February 23, 1802,
Emille Barreta (nee. Carrere), beloved mother
of Robert. Adolph ' and Gustave r> Barreta,
and daughter of Mrs. Caliste Carrere, a na-
tive of New Orleans, Louisiana. ' ; ,..-..
; ; '\ "¦•'•"'died. ;'
Barreta", Emllie : ' McKibbln, Wm. H
Bliss, -George D. Misner, Clara -W
Drlscoll, - Teresa E. Monahan, John
Edward*, Julia L. .. Kfunes, Catherine "
Grablll.. Malinda - Osgood, Charles P.
; Hanlon.' ' Ann Roper, Mary A
Hausmann, Joseph Scobie, James ¦
Hendrickson Amandd, Siefkes, Dr. John L
Hlggins. Margaret Smith. Jamea R.
Kohn.-Lillie-B. ' Straub, Louisa
Mackintosh, Elisa- ' Sullivan. Lizzie
beth C. Trefz, Maria T. H.
McGown, Robert M. Whittle, Sarah Ann
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted.- They must be handed
in at either of the, publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published, i
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
rF.nsOMl.S Cnntlnnrd. ..
rniVATH iletccmT^-^T^&^alSe^mesriO
¦C. yearn' ey.periono?. J. R. RAY. 457 Minna st.
i-M'V'Ji-:KLUOT.'S hair permanently removed bv
flectriv. r.fodle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 426 Futter.
- St*rEnjrLX;oi;s liair ar.<1 moles removed by
- electric r.eedle.Dr.&^Irs.Traver8e.U70 Market.
¦ ALTOEDtTMS Esyptlan Henna: restores cray I
¦ ¦ * lalr to * tB natural c«lor: SI; at all 4lruggists".
ACT1XA for sale by the A'Vida Company. 763
¦ i V.J«ncla Ft., corner Nineteenth.
ONE. MINUTE \TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
: Instantly; lOc and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. BripRS — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
bv electric needle. »<5S Sutter: tel.Larkln5171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
. • " counlni- orders;. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
-TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; drews pants. $2 50.
- MisHt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
~b»5t corn cure: 25c. all druggists.
rHVSlCIASS AJVU SURGEONS.
diseases cf men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. ; DR.
- FORDEN, No. 6 Turk St.. corner Mason.
A— DR, OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; '¦hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
- 1 021 *£ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh,
pROpERTY WANTED.
OWNERS may find lt to their advantage to list j
their properties with us. We are establish- '
-ins; Eastern connections through which we j
• expect to do considerable business. The
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO.
(Land Department), Hay wards building cor-
ner California and Montgomery Ets..' San
Francisco. ¦ .
REAL ESTATE CITY 5>OB SALE.
EASTON, ELDR1DGE & CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
-AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
TUESDAT......^y.?? : . IO FebruaTy 25. 1902.
At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market st.
At 12 O'clock Noon. % \
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS MANSION.
Etu«t eld* <214) Sprue* Et., 67:8% feet north
or Clay; an elegant new modern residence 14
rooms and bath; unexcelled marine view; rents
ISO per month; lot 30x107:6 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Noe. 409-4094) Oak St.. 60 feet
west of Laguna; two elegant modern round ea>-
wlndow fiats 6-7 rooms, porcelain tubs, etc.,
and two flats 4 rooms and bath each, on Lily
are.; rents $105 per month; lot 27:6x120 through
to Lily ave.
POST STREET FLATS.
. TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
North side (No.' 2544) Post et., 175 feet west
Of Baker; two substantial well built flats 3
-rooms each and a rear house, 4 rooms; rents
$33 per month; Jot 25xl37.:6 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 3333) Washington St.. 68:9
feet ea*t of Walnut; fine large elegant two-
etory dwelling. 10 rooms and bath; hardwood
floors; fine conservatory etc; excellent marine
view; lot 34:4%xl27:8i4" feet. .--,-"
SECOND STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of Second st. and Park
Lane north and between Bryant and Braanan
Bta.; Improvement* consist of a two-story
irame building, 13 rooms and bath: basement
and brick foundation; large lot, 45:6x98 feet.
SOUTH OP MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (Nos. 124 to 126) Juniper St..
250 feet southeast of Harrison; four well-built
flats, 3 rooms each; rents $40 per month; lot
2SxS5 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southeast corner of Twenty-eighth auid
Church sts.; two stores with 4 living rooms and
flat above, 8 rooms and bath; rents 150 per
month; lot 26:6x75 feet.
FILLMORE STREET BUILDING LOT.
East line of FlUmore st. 24 feet aouth of
¦Waller; a desirable bclldlna; lot. suitable for
Etore and flats •, lot 24x81 :S feet. .
HOWARD STREET LOT.
East side of Howard st, 215 feet north of
Twenty-first; a fine large lot In a very desira-
ble neighborhood ; street work all done; lot 25
xl22:6 feet.
BAY VIEW HOMESTEAD IX)TS.
Four large lots on Vancouver and Guada-
loupe sts.. 150 feet north of Santee; four lar«;«
lots running through from Vancouver, to Guad-
aloupe; lots 75x100 feet each. \~~,i
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
_ , . 638 Market at.
ONLT S3500: % cash, balance mortgage at «
per cent; 2-etory bay-window house; lot 26x
125; brick foundation; 9 rooms, bath, base-
ment washhous*. garden; nicely located, 2H
block* west of Valencia; open for Inspection
between 1 and 4 p. m.. .at 108 Chattanoosra ;
take Mission. . Valencia or Keamy transfer at
- 22d st. ; cars bring you In front of house.
WANTED— To purchase a residence north of
Broadway, from -Van Ness are. to Lyon Bt.
W. 3. GUNN, 630 California st.
WAI* TEL) — To purchase Iota from Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st.
W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
$2500— XORTH side McAllister et.. near Baker;
29x100. AEHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
goaaery st. •
SEND for book on "Homes.'.' WM. P. TODD.
1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery «t-. 8. T.
A CORNER, 75r80, Junction Market and Do-
lores. $13,000. E. A. K.. Dlmond. Cal.
A 3VKE1CS news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; <1 per year.
' ItEAX. ESTATE— COCXTRY— For Sale
PRODUCTIVE COUNTRY. HOMEsT
Buy rood land.
10 acres, Santa Clara, $14 15 monthly.
¦ «> acres. Santa Cruz. $2500.
. . . Good stock ranch. $3 an acre.
6 acres. Banta. Clara, $900.
10 acres. Mountain View, $1600.
€0 acres, Baata. Cruz Mountains, $2000.
56 acree. Santa Clara, $50 an acre. ,
Good manufacturing business opening, Santa
Clara.
. 15 acre* la alfalfa, $800.
5-acre Iota, redwood. $225 an acre.
Beet property we caa find for the least
money. -• ¦
WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
¦ (34 Market Bt. ¦ . . -¦
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
. Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, aa
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
-best for poultry and general farming. Apply
•to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st. for
.. pamphlets and Information. - ...
FOB rent or lor sale; chicken ranch, near
Napa: B acres: new house of 8 rooms, home,
buggy, cow and chickens; new windmill;
running stream; $3500, or will sell stock at
invoice and rent or lease ground and build-
tng» $200 year. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearay.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly,
free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes of country property, after a
personal Inspection, for sale and exchanre by
X. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
.lands to sell: right locality; big money; eaty
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy et.
Santa Clara Valley. San Joee and Peninsular
properties, ee# WOOSTER. 'WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
EQUITY In a beautiful country home; conveni-
ent to 6. F.. Ban Mateo Co.. for tale; $6000;
worth double. Box S839, Call office.
POtTLTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free list. C R. Wlnfield. Petaluma.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
k' United States or Canada one -year for $L
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
£END for book on "Homes." WM. P. TODD,
"-.:• 1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery et..-S. F.
FRUITYALE ADYERTiSEMENTS
- FBUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A1C unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
¦Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
1 etreet cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
¦ eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
.orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from-S. F.: rent $35 a month; price $4000.
':¦ Apply J-R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
- A. PLETTNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.
; OFFICE— 1H8 feRQAPWAY.
OAKLAXD llEAI ' KSTATE.
WE offer bargains In dwellings and Jots In
Oakland and Alameda: for sale and ex-
change. HEALY tc CARR, C Eddy St.
SEND -for book on "Hrmes." WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, or 11 Montgomery st.. S. F.
'OAKLA.VP FURXITL'IIE FOR: SAL15.
.Fi'nxiTURE Rood «nd cheup thU monthT^UT
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland. '
AUCTION 'SAIES
AUCTION!!! AUCTION!!!
150. oead "of SOUND CARRIAGE .W'dilK
AND SADDLE HORSES; well- matched teams,
gentle and ready to drive; -suitable for drait
and delivery work; 11C0 to 1350 lbs.; 5' to S»
years. Horses at . yard. Sale takes place
THURSDAY, *EB. 27, 1902,
. Owing to the Increased demand' for this sec-
ond consignment of D. Miller's horses, we. find
It necessary to make two .separate sales on -
Thursday. Feb. 27. 73 head will .be offered for
sale at 11 a. m., and 75 head at a p. m.
By electric light.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCBAN6E,
721-723 Howard St., Near Third, S. ?.
WILLIAM G. . LAYNG, Livestock . Auctioneer. "
COAST AUCTION COMPANY, 303 Sutter St..
will sell FRIDAY, February 28. 1902. by
order . of Mr. Geo. H. Gamble, seventy-flva
high-class water color paintings by _W. . O.
. von" Berwyn. ; The above paintings will ba
V on exhibition at salesrooms Monday; - Tues-
- day, Wednesday and ¦ Thursday preceding
day of sale. This will be a rara opportunity '
to obtain such high-class art at public auc-
tion and all art lovers should ¦ take . advan-
tage f of this, sale, as all paintings will be
sold that are listed in catalogue to the high-
est : bidder. , Descriptive, catalogues,- giving
names and . numbers , of each . painting, will
. be furnished to all attending exhibition and
sa!e. BREEN & FINCH. Auctioneers. .
BAILWAY T31AVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIPIO.
TmlM l«>i«v«> i»ntl nr« «•<«• t» nrrlvo »»
NAK riUNCINCO . ..
(Main Line. Foot of M»fket Street)
tSATS — FROW FXB&UART 9. 1301 — < AXKITO
7:OOa Benida, Suisuu, Elmir» and Sacra- ¦ •
'-. ¦ memo. • 8i55»
7:00a V»c»»llle. Wintrw.Uunney. ........ 7:33?
¦•¦ ?>3U* M»rtlii«i;SauU»riM)U,V»llejo, Napa,
¦ ¦ Callitnga anil H»u t» Roia Bi23»
*iOi» a Datis, Wooillaud. Knig&ta Landing, ''
¦- - M«xys»iUe, «>ro»ille_ 7«»»*
SiO«* Atlantic K«preM— Ogden and Xut M:23a
"Iuwwa Nile*. L*throp, Stockton : 7j»3f
BiOOANilea, ilcmlota. Hanford. VisaUa, -"
,; PorWrtille .;..... .....^.. 4ia3»
. 8i80a Shast* Hxpremr— D*»ls, WlUUma (for .
¦.-. ' Bartlett Springa), Willow*, Bad ..
Bluff. Portland... ». 7i8S»
. l> M >8iu Joi9, - Li»ermore, Htoektrm, -
- - - lone, Haorameiito, PUccrtllla,
M»ry»»il!e.Chico, n«»U!lnlT...... V -1:3.1*
NiSOa Oakdale. Chlnese.Honora, Tuolumne 4:23j
»:»M»a HftTw.nl, and Way Stitiom.. J 1:53*
9s«Oa Vallrjo ..„...'. I»i33»
- »i««* lyiu Anso'.ci Express — Martinffx .
Tracj, l,»tlirop, ,Siocl(loi), Mctccd - .
. .-. Vrmnn ami Los Angulea , ' , 7:51*
»:!»«* Tattnjo. Martinez ai.nl War Stations 7iS5f
IO:UOA The Oferland Limited— Ogden. '!>«»•
'' ' Ter; Oiuaha. ClilcAgo B»S3*
fliOrtr Sae»in«ut» ititer Btaamera I.. }lliOO»
ZiOOr l!--i)l<-U, Winters. Maeraraanlo. - -
; ¦-¦¦¦. : : . Wnoiltaiul.- K niifht* landing.
Mtryniillp. OrnTlHe H»»a3»
8:3Ap Hay vT»r>l, Nlles and Way StaUona.. ' 7:33»
4iOUp Martinez, Hail Ilainon. V*llejo, '
- Napa. (.'ullatiiK*, Santa Itoaa " 9' 23a
4i«Of Nl!e», LJtermore, Stockton. Loxll... 12>^3r
4i»nr Hayward. Ml«i>, MaivJnse, LiT»rraore ' fS:33A
4iS*F The Owl Limited *- Freer..., Tulare.
•> DakeraOeltl. Haiigus for Santa Uar-
'bars, I<ns Anxelea.;. B>33*
BiOOr Port Coat*. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton lo:23«
OiOOr JIartln'z. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer- -
ced, Fresno 13:»3f
«:O»r Ha/wanl. NHen and Sau Joae 7»33 »
t«io»i>-vaiiej». n»aa»
«!«<»!• Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denror,
Omaha. St. loula, Chicago.. 4:23#
7iO«r Oregini ami OalifornU ICxiireiw, Hno- HyW
riiiiiniitd, Mnrj-pflllc. KchIiIIiik.
l'urklaiiil, 1'nget riuiit.it and East »;3.T»
¦lOSrSan Pablo. Port (Jo«ta, Martl.iez .
ami Way dtatlona. tl<3S«
: tgtw.ir T»ll>». .......;... : ..7;S3f
¦ COAST IilNE (Marrow Maag.).
(FootntatnrketStrent.)
, SiIAa Neirark, CHiit«rtiUi*,Saii.l<ian,|c<*lti>ii,
Bonld«rCirek,SautaCrusand Way
MUtions S»tt»f
!- t«il*r NBir.ik CB..Iertlli«, San .!<.»«, N«W
Alnmilei), ffblton, Itontilar Cre«k,
Santa Vtnz and 1'rlnclpal War
Stations. .:..-. io:n»*
til.ir Newark, Han Jon*. I^« Gatos. 1*:"M>» -
«9.3«r Huntera* Train -Ban Jcae and Wsy
Btatlont t7.24>»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From S1I niKCISCO— fMV of Ktrkit Street (Slip 8)— '
t7:IB ..9J10:11-JOO*.H. -1:03- 3:JQ B.iSr.M.
rrimOlIUlO— rMliMtruiwir.— tH:0O {0:00 13:0*
lO.OOi.w. 12:03 2.03 4:00r.ii.
COAST IjINE (Broa.l limit).
'-,.-¦;;: .. . (TlilrqmidTo^niKSi.a Sta.).. _ -.
«il*A Saa Jose and Way HUtions....^.... «!¦«<» a
7:0«A t**ti Juaeanil Way Htutiona fS:i»«4
/7i««a Keif Almaiien /-IslOF
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — tSan Joae.
Gilrny, Salinas. Bar. Luis Obispo.
¦ HanU Barbar». I,o* ADCflcs and
. •¦ principal intermediate stations.... I O:43p .
RiOOa Han .lost). Ties 1'lnos. Hulita I'rux.
: Pacific iitoie. Salinas. 8an Luis
... . Obispo ami Principal intermediate
HUtlniia ,. ¦«:10p
. lOtitOA San Jose and Way Stations.. flsXO*,
IIi3Ua Han .loss aiul Way .Statiin-ii «:-!•»
' 13>49r San Matro, ltedwooif. Mnilo Park.
Palo Alto. SautaOIara. Ha»JoM,
Tres Plaos, Santa <;rnx, Salinas.
Monterejaml PacIHe GruT«...... 110:13*
t:»Or Han.loieand W»y Stallona.... liK»r
Miiar SanJoieaii.lPrinotpaJ Way Stations 5iR0»
- 4 iO 0 r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednea-
- . days, Friday*, for Loa Angelea, £1
Paso, New Orleans and Xow York.
-- - ArriTea Bundmys. Tuesday* and
Thursdays... IOilI*
ti:00?3m Jo«e, Los Oatos and Principal
Way SUUona..... ..........'...;... f»««»»
SiSOp SaaJoae aud Priaoinal Way Statloni «<8O»
«ia»p3»n Joseami Way HUtlons... 7:3»»
7i«« r New Orleans Eipress — Bun Lois
RaK3^>*. Oburpo, Banta Barbara, Los Aa-lBgB
. gelea, Demlnf . 151 Paso, New Or-
loans and Bast ~. lltSwa,
11l4Sf 8aa Jota and Way Stations......... - 7»lt>
, A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excep ted. - ' t Sunday only.
.. ¦ Saturday onlj. I Tuesdays and Wdf>..
Santa Fe -
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
¦¦¦ ¦' . " ¦ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Daily Dally
Lt. S»n Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a- 3:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
= "* Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a ffillp
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p.
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ......
" Viaalia... 3:39p 5:0Oa ......
"Bakersfid 6:15 p 5:20p 7:48a
"Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a '
" Chicago.. 2:15p 9:0Op ......
: a, for morning;. - p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cara through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No ' second-
class tickets are honored on this -train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1 :05 a. m. dally.
• 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally
1 • S ,p. *m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and .
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace ' Sleeper, which cuts out at. Fresno.
Corresponding; „ train arrives at 6 :00 p. m. .
dally.- -
; 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local. -. stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley.- Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. nj. daily.
-¦ Offices — 641 Market street and Jn Ferry
Depot. San ' Francisco; . 1112 Broadway.
1 Oakland. - I - " '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAiLROAD,
.. . Via Sausallt3 Fsrr/
Commenclns September 2;>. 1901.
rRO M SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
FROM o* AND SAN RAPAEL-
•WEEK DAYS— «:&5, 8:30 "J^w, 11:00 a. m..
•1-45 »:15, 4:15. 5:15. »C: 15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
-Rafael on Mondays, ¦Wednesdays and Sator-
5Tv«T at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
d SUNDAYS— •S:OO.;i0:0O..ni:SO a. m.. 1:15.
S-15 1 »4-45. 6:30, 0:30 p. m.
Trails' marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAM ¦¦FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— '5:25. 6:27. 7:45. S:35. 10:li '
- A m .12:25. 2:1S, •a:33. 4:40. 5:S0 p. m. -
FXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. ,Wedne*dai»
«r,rt Saturday* at 0:45 and 9:55 p. m. . J^, - .
SUNDA^-6:15.«3:OO..nO:00. 11:43 a. a..
n-40 «3:15. 4:45, *6:oO p. m. ¦ ¦ •..-<-"*
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
TTROM MILL VALLET.TO SAN FRANCISCO.
* WEEK HAYS^ :45; 6 :45 7 :55, 8 :55. 10:^
,- „ 12-35 2:45. 3:30, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday a
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.-m.
SUNDATS— S :C5.-10:05 a. in.. 12:05. 2:15.
¦i.vn A'CO 0:45 p.* m. • ¦ - .
3-°- ": w - TH ROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a, m. week days — CaiaiJero and way
* *:45 p. mi. Saturday a — Duncan Mills and way
" a. rn. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. Fa£MaH ( '*fCwsBP# i H?MMPMn*<MHsq|
Legal Holiday, boats and .trains will run. on
Eunday'time ' . ' - ' .
a Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,.
629 EtEABSf ST. JEstablishrd
In 1S.V3 for the treatnamt of I'rlv.itu '
Drseases. !<<wl Manhoud.' BehliUy or
dUMSPwearingronbodyandnilmlaiMj
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcoresn-i.^ij
others fall. Try him. < 'barges low. "
• Dr. JI. JT. WBEDJf. anu fraociscc. CaL _
NEW FIKM UtMuiDbrfTAKERS.
• Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United ; Undertakers' Association; M.- J.
MeBrearty,' with "the same company -for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J.C. O'Con-
nor 4 Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171~ Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. » - ,
NOTICE TO > CONTRACTORi— Office; of the
. : Veterans' Home of California.' room 13, { 320
• t-anBome Bt., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
\ ' in . pursuance' to an act; entitled '."An ' act to
'.'-provide £or;the erectiqn of a modern, hospital
:- building . for the Veterans' Home, located at
, Yountvllle, Napa: County, Cal.,". 'and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved <- March
26, 1901, . Statutes 1301, . page - 823), and In
.¦ accordance with the resolution of the board
¦: of /directors' of the Veterans'. Home of Call-
. fornla, , adopted October . 12. .. 1901; ; the ¦ board
of directors of the Veterans" Horn: , of Call-:
fornla hereby invites , and advertises • for
sealed proposals. for furnishing the materials
and-, performing the labor for the erection
and construction of said : hospital building, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle. : Napa
County, , In ' accordance with . the . olans. " de.
ecriptions, . bills ' and ' speciflcatl'ons. prepared
, •¦'. therefor , by George T. . de Colmesnil, v ; archi-
tect; and • that contracts based upen - such
.. sealed ¦ proposals ¦ will be let, ' made and X en-
tered Into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
. ' specifications can be ' seen and " examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. . and 15 o'clock p.
"¦; m. of each; and -every business; " day. ,¦ from
"/the date; hereof I to the date of said contract
: or. contracts, at the ' of flee 1 of the - -*ald • dl-
. .. "reqtors of . said Veterans' Home, room " 13,
320 Sansome st., San Francisco.' Cal. i ¦> '¦
.' Separate. bids will be received and separate
-"-. contracts < let /and: entered into as herein >
• . above set ' forth, • for each ¦ of- the . following ¦ ]
parts of said ..building, erection or structure,
• ; Including the -furnishing of labor- and- ma-
teriats necessary therefor,' as requtreci by an
act entitled. '.'An' act to regulate contracts
on .behalf of the State in relation to erection
of ' buildings" ¦ (approved' March. 23,: 1876,
. Statutes ' "1875-6, page ': 427), and .< the _ act*
amendatory, thereof , ¦ that . Is to say for. the
following parts, namely::',- :¦
• "First,, for. the masonry work. Including all
• ¦ brick, stone, : terra cotta and concrete - work.
Second, for the carpenter, " plastering, . elec- '
-' trie and glazing work.
:' v Third, 'for 'the plumbing work. ¦ ;
Fourth. • for' the heating work. / . , \ :: - J
' Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
slating work, and ¦ . • ,
. . ~ Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the - administration block, : and ' the - two .
front. wards as shown, on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, .including the
furnishing of materials ¦ and - the necessary
labor therefdr.- '. '•; '• ; '¦>' •'¦•' ; '•-•'. ".-.¦: " ¦'
The . work is to be ¦ done 1 ' under the super-
vision ¦ and . direction of > Isaac H. . Small . and
¦- .the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said ¦ Veterans'- Home,' acting
.: for and on the behalf of it's said . board of
¦• directors. ' ."-.•- <-¦••.¦/• •' :•.; >'-.;
A separate contract will be let for as many
'.different kinds of work' as are hereinabove
specified. ' No. bid or proposal will t>e received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
¦ and sufficient bond of ' said proposer or bid-
der, equal to • 10 per cent of his proposal or
.bid, with sufficient sureties, conditt'-med that
. If said, proposal'" or .'bid shall be . accepted the
. party;, proposing ¦ or ¦ bidding ' will " duly enter
.into a proper contract and faithfully perform
¦ .hla or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid, and the plans,
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
are. hereby made .' a part of this notice and
of any contract to.be .let hereafter.
: Said sealed - bids or proposals must be de-
livered. to the said directors of the Veterans'
. Home of California; or to the secretary there-
of, at the office , of said directors. , room 13,
* 320 Sansome , st , in : the city . and county of
San Francisco, . State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of March, .1902, which is hereby
designated as the time and place • where the
Bald sealed bids or proposals will "be opened
by the said directors • of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made
If in the opinion of said board of directors
of the said Veterans* Home the acceptance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
shall not be for: the best Interests of the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as in their opinion may be for
the best Interests ¦ of the States under and In
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the said act' entitled. '<An
act to regulate •' contracts ¦ on ..behalf of the
State In relation to erection and buildings"
(approved March 23, .1876, Statutes 1875-6,
page 427). or to reject any or all ; of said
sealed bids or nrooosals. ¦ ; ¦.¦¦.<
. For. further information and particulars
bidding contractors are ' hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
. Veterans' Home, at the office of said -board
of directors, as hereinabove set. forth., ',.
By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California. ' -v>-
. J. J. SCO VILLE, Secretary.
Dated February 10. - 1002.- ¦ ¦ . ¦. :.-.•
PROPOSALS— Continued.
i • CXThe < funeral | will . take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the . Barents, 1911 ¦ Leavenworth street.
Interment. private. ... , •• ¦<-. ; ; -'; ¦ :
J. W. HAMILTON. R. 8.
SMITH— In this city,, February 23, 1902, James
R., . beloved husband, of- the | late Mary A.
Smith, and father, of Charles R., James R.
and Teresa Smith, a native of . Baltimore,
. Md., aged 75 years and 21 days. .'
STRAUB — In Frultvale, February 23, 1902,
Louisa, beloved wife of John Straub, a na-
tive of Switzerland, ' aged- 55. years and. 1
- month. " ¦• ' -.-¦'• . '.¦-¦-¦¦ .
SULLIVAN— In this city, " February 22. 1002,
Lizzie, beloved wife of the late Daniel Sul-
• llvan.. daughter: of Margaret Kelly, and sls-
"ter of Mrs. Mary Condon.' Mrs. - W. Freete
I and John. Daniel and- Joseph Kelly of Port
Costa, a native of. .Kansas, aged 41 years.
. C7Frlends- and .acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, -319 Fremonf^street, thence -to St.;
'. Brendan's- '.Church; for '-'services at 11:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ..
TREFZ— In thla city," February 23. 1002. Maria
T; " Helene - Trefs, beloved o'f "MrT:
- and Mrs. Adolph Trefz, and sister of Adolph
C. Trefx, a native of San ; Francisco, ased
1 year 4 months and 23 days. ' • :
WHITTLE— In this city,' , February 23. 1002.
Sarah Ann.' ; Infant daughter of- Henry .F.
and Cordelia -Whittle, a native of. San Fran-'
Cisco, ased 1 month. , . ¦ :. •¦'
tCT Friend's and acquaintances are irespect-
.. fully invited to attend -the-. funeral Monday,
February 24, ¦ at . 2 o'clock, , from - the- resi-
dence, 1 2100 Alameila avenue, under the aus-
pices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F. and
•¦¦ -A.- M." . ¦ v . ¦' ¦ "->y*M '¦¦'¦ ¦¦.'¦---¦
ROPER — In this city,' February 23, 1002, Mary
A., 'beloved sister of Belinda Roper, a native'
of New Orleans.. - ¦• :•-¦¦•• ; ¦
¦ ICTThe"* funeral will- take : place -to-day
(Monday), at • 8:30 o'clock, -from her late
residence, 633 Waller street. . thence to St.'
Mary's , Cathedral, where.: a, requiem '-.mass
* will be • celebrated for the repose of. her soul,
commencinRT at '9:30 ! "c^'clock. : --Interment
.Mount Calvary Cemetery.: . • '. -. •
SCOBIE— In. this city, at' his residence,- 874
Fell street, February 23, 1902, James Scobie.
, j beloved husband of Agnes Anne 8coble and
father of Mrs. Marguerite Scobie-Davls of
t Princeton, N. J., a native : of : Scotland, aged
>* 66 years. 3 months and 16 days.. .. .;¦ -. -¦- - ..
...\\£T Notice, of : funeral . hereafter. '¦. .
SIEFKES— In ' this city, February. 22, 1902.
/Dr. John L., beloved husband' of Minnie R.
Siefkes, and father of Ruth and Lane L,
' Sleflces, a native of Illinois, - aged 46 years
4 months and 18 days. ' /
lt?'Friends and acquaintances ary respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 263$ Folsom street, between Twenty-
second and .Twenty-third. - Interment Cypress
• Lawn Cemetery, by electric, funeral c»r.
COURT SOUTHERN HEIGHTS No. - 1160, 1.
O. F.— Officer* and members are hereby no-
tia»d to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. Dr. J. L. Siefkes, on Monday, Febt
"-.-miry 24, at 1:SO o'clock/from his late resi-
dence, 2C33 Kolsom street. * • ,- --
: . A -CLELAND, C. R. ''.;
MONAHAN— A requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the soul of the - late John Mona-
han Tuesday. February 25, ; at 9 o'clock, ¦ at
'St. Rose's Church. ' Friends are invited. \
NUNES — In this city, - February .22, -'1902,
: Catherine, V-, beloved wife, of 'Manuel; Nunes,
and cousin of Jeremiah Foley, a native of
Xounty Cork, Ireland,, aged 46 years. :
OSGOOD— In Alameda, ' February i 22, 1902.'
CharJes i P., beloved husband of Lydla • Os-
good, and father of George B. Osgood, a^na-
; tive of New Hamrshire,^ aged : 67 •: years 6
months land -22 daye.-; -.,,.,,, -, \
y E7"The 'remains will be. taken to Petaluma
for burial Monday, February 24, at 7. a.' m. -
¦ under the auspices - of j the Board*, of ¦ Relief,'
I-^O -B. Bv,. and .thence :. by Ml: 30 Jo' clock
train to New > Salem Cemetery .for interment, j
\ Remains at the. parlors J of , Theodor Dierks, :
,¦:-'• f>r.7. Mission street, j between Fifth and : Sixth.
HENRRICKSON— In'r this '¦ city, > ' February f 22,;
¦. ,¦ 1902, -Amanda, .beloved: daughter of Mrs. IB..
"¦•" Hcndrlckson. ' and sister ' of ; Mrs. . G. ". Benson, :
¦•'Mrs. F.J.. Clute and Henry Hendrlckgon, a"
- native , of Finland, ' aged ; 27 . years 3 months
¦'.-and 21-days. i. : ' ¦''.-¦ ¦,]'.- : -: : ~ ..: -'V...-. ••« .¦',-_••', ¦ .
HIGGINS — In • this; city, February^ 23, 1902,
¦ ' Margaret : HIggins, ' beloved ' mother, of- Joseph
¦J.,- Patrick S. and Robert E. - HiKglns, Mrs.
:•' J. H. Barry ,¦ and the f late Edward , M. Hlg-
. ¦; gins, ; a native of County" Galway, Ireland,
;• aged. OS' years. ¦ ''"'¦*¦ ~ • ¦"'
KAHK^In Oakland,* February. 22, 1902, Llllie
•B:,, beloved wife of Sol Kahn, mother of Irv-
¦ 'in» H% • and ¦ Henrietta B.- Kahn, ¦and daughter
¦ of . Caepare ¦ and : Hulda ; Behrendt, - aged 32
years and-6 months." ¦','• -
..:¦» CTFrlends are invited to • attend the fu-
¦ neral Monday, at 2: o'clock, from her late
residence,- 915 Filbert - street ' (Market-street
-¦/station)/ 1 - - ; ¦¦¦¦•-¦• ¦¦¦.-.. ". :'..... '¦;¦¦.:.. -- -'¦¦
MACKINTOSH— In this city, February ' 23,
1902, at her home, 935 Union street, Elisa-
beth C.; beloved wife of Daniel Mackintosh,
¦ and mother ' of - William \C.- Mackintosh,' a
; nati ve - of " PIctou, Nova C Scotia, - : aged - ; 83
• 'years. ' -. :. \ , '.- '¦¦-' .'¦."
McGOWN — Ir. this city,- February 23," 1902,
' Robert M. McGown. brother of ' James C.
McGown, a native: of Plumas County,. Cal.,
' aged 54 : years 'And 0 months. • . -
' cyRemalns at - the parlors : of the United
Undertakers. ,27' and 2W Fifth street. w, -
McKlBBIN— In. this city. February 23, 1002,
from diphtheria, William . Henry, dearly be-
loved son : of Edward and Dehlia McKibbln,
'"¦' and brother of Mamie McKlbbin, a native of
¦:• San Francisco, aged 2 years 1 month and
: 16 'days.: . - '•¦-' :¦; . -¦ -•:,'• -'•',•• -:¦:.': '¦¦'¦¦' i:-
MISNER— In this city,; February " 22, 1902.
Clara Woodworth.^ beloved daughter of Dan-
iel R. and Hattie J. -.Misner, and' sister of
Mrs. W. " R. Overholser and Oliver J. Mis-
' ner, a native of California, 18 years 10
\- months 'and "17 days. "-. ,'•:. ,¦ >Political Demonstration at Funeral.
- COPENHAGEN, Feb. 23.— The funeral
this afternoon of V.L.'B.Hoerup, former
Danish Minister , of Public 'Works, - was
converted Into an important political
demonstration.' ¦. Speeches were delivered
by Dr. Duntzseur, the Premier; M. Trier,
President .of the • Folkething,; and other
political friends of the deceased. At the
conclusion of- the ceremonies a procession
of 20,000 people • followed the body to the
crema.tory. / v. ••
.An old. woman named Whetstone,- who
was found in an unconscious condition
on . February • 20 in a, shanty at 511 ivv
avenue, died yesterday, morning at the
City and County Hospital and her bo3y
was removed to the Morgue in order that
an futopsy might determine.the cause of
death. .She was found by a milkman who
fe 11^^ supplies to the 'house and he no
tified the police "authorities. The woman
was -removed to the Emergency Hospital
for treatment and < then sent to* the irsti
tution where she died. < It is thought that
he woman died from pneumonia? follow
ing lack of proper nourishment.
Found Dying in Poverty.
Reports From Seoul Announce the
Conclusion of the Convention
.With Russia. "
YOKOHAMA, Feb. ¦ 23.— It is reported
here from Seoul: that a'conventlon has
been concluded between Russia and ¦ Ko
rea under the terras of which Korea
agrees not to grant to any state or Indi
vidual, the 'island of Ko Je, the shore op
posite or any part of the coast from that
point to Chemulpo. Ko Je island is about
thirty miles southwest of Fusan, Korea..
KOREA WELL RETAIN
THE ISLAND 0F r KO , JE
Fer has. a. cobbler shop at 430 Sixth
street. He claims that for some time a
gang of young boys of the neighborhood
have, annoyed, him by breaking his win
dows and .in other ways. Last night he
caught a boy. who, he says, was one of
his. tormentors, and locking • him in the
shop, went- in search: of a policeman.
John • Hynes, a teamster, living at 259
Perry street, learned of the trouble and
asked Fer to release the boy.
• F. eI I , ref " sed and started to blow a police
wh sUe. Hynes attempted to . take the
whistle away when. Fer drew a heavy
club, in the handle of, which was a lonsr
h-in 6 de> r^ d str "ck Hynes on thl
head. John .O'Connor, a bystander, went
to Hynes rescue, and received similar
treatment. During the ; scuffle ; Fer re
leased the knife blade and Jabbed Hynes
e !r?.U tllIie in: the. back -with it. Hynls
and O Connor were treated at the Central
SPlta ! : NeUher man l^ T t
*:'• Richard Fer, an.ItaJlan shoemaker, was
arrested last . night by Policeman J: S
ONell and booked 'at -the southern police
station oh two" charges . of assault to mur
der.'. 4 " 1". " .' ¦ ¦". v
Richard Fer ¦ ¦ Booked at Southern
Station on ; Charges 'of As
;. sault, to Murder.
The Archbishop : could not officiate at
any of the services at the cathedral to
day. He has been forbidden to leave the
House until Tuesday next.
It is the Archbishop's custom to enter
the cathedral for, private devotion about
8 o'clock in the evening. On the day when
he received his injuries workmen had left
unguarded a, big hole In the floor. .The
Archbishop \ stumbled Into this. He
caught himself when he had slipped
through the floor up to his arms.
Very few persons were in the
cathedral , at the time. . The Arch
bishop managed to get back to his rest
dence. >He . was aeriously bruised and
shaken up. and his physician was called
in. He discovered that the Archbishop's
right ankle had been badly wrenched.
There were also' some ugly scratches. on
his bodr. . ' .
. NEW a YORK, ¦ Feb. - 23.— It has been
made public' that Archbishop Corrlgan la
confined to his room with painful injuries
which he received Thursday evening last
at St. Patrick's Cathedral. | Workingmen
have been' erecting a wooden partition In
the rear of the building prior to • tearing
tjut the permanent wall and to joining the
cathedral with the Kelly Memorial
which Is being erected.
ARCHBISHOP C0RRIGAN
IS SERIOUSLY IN JXTRED
Falls Into a Hole Left Unguarded -by
Workmen Employed in Mak
". ing Some - Repairs.
Better and cheaper than coal: no screening, no
waste. ' Your ccal dealer sells Tesla Briquettes;
*11 one »i?e. Phone South 95 about \tnem. "\
R9.OO Per: Ton $9.OO
ITALIAN; SHOEMAKER BEATS
•¦ C TWO ME3ST WHO ATT ACK HIM
broke ail • their ; oars in their efforts ' to
make , a landing and were drifting help
lessly toward the- sea when picked up by
the .launch Amy. Later in the day those
remaining on: board ¦ the wrecking barge
: came, ashore: and tried to get a tugboat
to go out and 1 tow the barge to shelter.
There was' too much. wind and sea for
.this; however, so the m«n made arrange
ments to remain ashore for the night.
A^number of vessels are in the stream
with their cargoes aboard awaiting a
Break in. the storm to put to sea. Those
now cleared and ready for sea are the
.German, ships c. H. Wetjen and Seafah
rerj and "the German schooner Hercules.
French bark Jules Verne. British bark
. Inverlochy and the British ship Clan
MacPherspn. The steamship. Victoria is
:Sti?tijr# l no i Sh. fo f bett r r weather before
Salt Water Company and the rocks be
neath the Sutro residence the water dash
ed over the wooden fence that, was re
cently erected to break the force of; the
waves. The fence prevented the sand be
ing washed away and the roadway • was
in no danger of being undermined.
The wind abated about. 2 p. m., but In
creased in velocity an hour later and con
tinued to blow until 6 o'clock, when it
decreased. ; ,/ ¦
SBTXPPrNG IN THE BAY
. MENACED 'BY THE STOBM
Mariners Were Prepared, ; However,
and Craft Escapes With Little ; ¦
Injury; • i ; :
A snorting southeaster . stirred , up ..the
City and; County Hospital and finally .to
Dr. Morton's hospital. The foot was; am
putated February 18. : ! and • as • gangrene
had set in the leg was; amputated. above
tho knee February 21. The patient died
presumably from; the: ehock. He was 45
jears of age and a. widower. 1 ¦, .
R. W. McGown.' a laborer out of a Job,
was -found dead in his room at the Inter
national Hotel -yesterday -morning. ••' He
had been ' drinking very hard for ' two
weeks past, and death Is supposed to have
been due to cirrhosis of the liver.' • :'.'"
VIEWS. OF THE HIGH TIDE THAT PREVAILED AT THE . OCEAN
BEACH YESTERDAY AFTERNOON DURING THE HEAVY SOUTH
EAST STOBM THAT PASSED OVER THE CITY.
Shortly before midnight last night car
264 of the McAllister-street line, In round-
Ing the curve at Jones street. Jumped the
track and one of the wheels was caught
in such a position that it took a consider
able length of time to replace the car on
the track. The car stuck in such a posi
tion that -traffic from both outward and
inward was blocked. The car that jumped
the -track was. crowded^ with passengers,
who were considerably shaken up," but no
one was injured. Traiflc was resumed at
an early hour this morning. . ;.-¦
Market-Street Lines Blocked.
Dr.' M. J. Rowe, a wandering dispense.
of; drugs, was brought to the Receiving
Hospital yesterday afternoon, supposed
to be suffering from mercury poisoning.
He had entered a drugstore at Clay and
Kearny streets and told the clerk he had
taken a dose of bichloride of mercury. At
the hospital a stomac- pump was applied
and then the patient admitted that he
had not poisoned himself, but was merely
endeavoring to perpetrate a joke on the
physicians. He was put to bed to recover
fr6m the treatment. .
Strenuous \ Treatment for Humorist
The barber's cry was heard by several
citizens who were in the neighborhood at
the time, and as they ran to his assist
ance the baffled footpads took to their
heels ¦ and quickly disappeared --. in the
darkness. Holdsworth had but a; small
sum of money and a' watch on him, but
the robbers- failed to get either the money
or timepiece. . . .
The two blows dealt Holdsworth by the
thugs ' greatly shocked : his nervous sys
tem and he was unable to attend to his
work yesterday. The side of his face is
also abraised, and it is not improbable
that one of his assailants gave him a
parting kick before running off when he
heard assistance coming. . Holdsworth
was intending to go to Folsom street - to
take a car to his homeon Folsom street,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth,
when the assault took place. • •.;<• ;
Several daring robberies have been com
mitted in that section of the city recently
and the efforts of the police to catch the
thugs have been futile. It is believed
that the robbers are strangers here, and
that they came in from the country to
spend the winter. Holdsworth is unable
to give any description of his assailants,
as he was taken unawares and did not
get" a view of them, as they came at him
from behind. The first blow so dazed
him that everything was swimming be
fore his eyes when he was rolled over on
his back. ' . i
Harry L. Holdsworth, proprietor of .'a
barber; shop at 3083 Twenty-fourth street,
¦was severely beaten ' Saturday ¦ night by
two 'desperate footpads,' who were fright
ened off before . they secured any booty.
Holdsworth was walking along Fourth
street, ; near ; Folsom, about ,11:30 o'clock,
when the robbers sprang on "him from a
doorway and one ' of them struck him
from behind . with a club or "billy." • The
blow landed on ; Holdsworth's neck, with
sufficient . force 5 to fell him to the side
walk in a half-dazed condition. When
Holdsworth was falling he intuitively
put his hand to his -watch pocket. He
struck .face -downward on the sidewalk,
and one of the thugs quickly -rolled him
over on his back to get at. his "pockets.
Holdsworth, although half-dazed, tried to
get up, when he was struck another blow,
this time above the right eye. Holds
worth managed to give. one yell for. help
before the second - blow landed, and then
sank back unconscious.
Timely Arrival of Citizens
Frightens Thugs Before
They Rob Victim. t
Footpads* Club Harry li
Holds worth IntoIn
sensibility.
DARING ROBBERS
ASSAULT BARBER
POLICE ARREST
HOUSE BREAKERS
Gang of Four Burglars
Placed Behind the
Prison Bars.
One of the Men Makes Con
fession of Crimes Com
mitted.
A Quartet of crooks, who, the police
think, are responsible for a number of
burglaries committed In the Western Ad
dition, were arrested yesterday morning
by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and Police
Officer Lloyd and locked up In the City
Prison. They gave their names as Harry
Smith. Thomas Kelleher, Thomas Schln
kie and John Brown. Both Kelleher and
Smith are well known to Captain. Sey
mour's men, . .i- $ .
Late Saturday night Smith arid Kelleher
broke Into the Del Monte dairy atx2U5
Pine street and stole twb bottles of cream
and a cash register. Oriicer Lloyd was ap
prised of the crime and he started alter
them. After searching for them for more,
than an hour he ran across the desperate
pair on Pierce street. r They showed tight,
Dut fearing the policeman's revolver sur
rendered. A "jimmy" was found In . the
possession of Kelleher.
Shortly afterward Detectives Ryan 'and
O'Dea tound Brown and Schinkle in a
lodging-house south of Market street.
After being taken to the City Prison
Schinkle broke down and confessed to sev
eral burglaries committed by the quartet.
Some time before an entrance was ef
fected to the dairy the desperate fellows
broke into the residence of F. Trledman at
111A Franklin street and stole a revolver
and a lady's black silk skirt. From the!
house of Mr. Triedman tne four went to':
the residence of John Peabody at 1506
Larkln street and after forcing an en- ;
trance got away with two gold rings be
longing to the servant girl and $23 In sil
ver. An entrance was effected by prying
open the rear window with a "jimmy."
Another house In the same vicinity was
also entered by the burglars, but nothing
of value was taken.
After dividing their spoils Smith and
Kelleher separated from their companions,
intending to "crack" a residence on Pine
street near Fillmore. Becoming thirsty
they broke into the dairy and stole the
cream, for which crime they were ar
rested.
The cash ¦ register, . Jewelry ¦ and silk
ekirt which were taken by the house
breakers have been recovered by the de
tectives. . .
Some time ago Kelleher and another
crook were arrested for burglary. Kelle
her pleaded guilty to petty larceny and
was 6ent to the County Jail for six
months. His partner in crime stood trial
for burglary and was given ten years in
San Quentln. The four men will be
formally booked on several charges of
burglary to-day.
HELPERS OF ZION HOLD
ENTEETAINUENT AND BALL
Hebrews and Friends Turn Out to
Their First Party at Odd Fel- ¦
lows' Hall.
A good time was enjoyed last night by
the members of the "Helpers of Zion". at
their first grand entertainment and ball
at Odd Fellows* Hall. Following is the
programme:
Overture; orchestra; opening address, Rev.
Dr. M. 6. Levj-; eong. Miss Eva Stern; violia
eolo. Master S. Augenblick: recitation. Miss
Carolina Abrams: eolo. Cantor Solomon; clos
ing remarks. Rev. Dr. I. Myers.
Av. M. Sommer was master of- ceremo
nies and the committees were:
Arrangements — S. Llchtensteln, Charles Back,
E. Bchsiulian, I. Widrin. Reception — T. W.
Mcllls. A. Felfiman. G. Goldstein. M. Hertzfeld
Charles Stern. B. Kahn. Floor — L. Widrin Jr.,
W. Echmulian, C. M. Mooslin. A. Etrunsky.
S. Samuels, a teamster, was arrested
yesterday by Police Officer Tom Hanley
and charred with dealing several hides
from the Oregon dock. Samuels was ac
companied by another man. who will be
arrested to-day. The stolen hides have
been recovered by the officers.
Stole Several Hides.
If a Substitute for S. H. & M.
Is offered you it is because the substitute
pays iaore profit though it costs you the
s&me. See that every skirt binding you
buy has S. H. & M. on the back. •
Thaddeus S. Fritz lectured at Pythian
Castle last night on- the subject "The
Law of Vibration." He held that the hu
man body was a mere machine, cayable
of receiving and expressing imprerjions
on the came theory that Marconi's m ire
less telegraphy is a fact. It is or*>- a
question of attuning the human intcru
ments if the highest form of civilization
and thought Is reached. The modern in
dustrial troubles, which the speaker held
would ultimately wreck our civilization,
were an interdependent consequence of
the failure to ascend to the highest forms
of thought and endeavor which a thor
ough knowledge of thought-vibration nec
essarily assures.
Lecture on Vibration.
THERE were a large number, of
"Wrecks in the vicinity of the Cliff
House yesterday, caused . by the
high- southeast wind: that blew
with a velocity of twenty, to thirty
five miles an hour. .'- .
The wrecks were a source of amuse
ment to a few dozen people who gath
ered on the porches . of . the . Cliff House,
and each disaster was met with peals of
Hearty laughter.
There was no loss of life, however, for
the wrecks consisted of umbrellas owned
by members of the fair sex and their es
corts. The few people who " ventured out
to the ocean beach were rewarded with a
eight of tumbling, boiling waters that
dashed over the roadway leading to the
Cliff House. . , -.
Pedestrians who walked up the road to
the Sutro Heights ran- the gauntlet of a
jolly crowd. The wind blew In fitful gusts
and at the corner of the Cliff House
seemed to concentrate all Its energy.
Hats and. caps were sent flying before
the wind and umbrellas were turned in
side out to the amusement of those en
sconced on the porches of Host Wilkins'
resort. - • -
In the morning. the heavy breakers piled
up In white masses over the seal rocks
and spray flew over the balconies of the
cliff resort. The broken runway of the
life-saving station on the beach was sur
rounded by angry waves, and considerable
of the sand of the beach road was washed
away. Between the pier of the Olympic
VICTOR DIOT DIES FROM
HESULT OF AN OPERATION
B. W. McGown Succumbs, After a
Two Weeks' . Debauch, to
Cirrhosis of the Liver
Victor Diot died at Dr. A. W. Morton's
hcepital, 775 Cole street, shortly ¦ after
midnight yesterday and his body was
taken to the Morgue. February 10 Dlofs
left foot was crushed by a' switch engine
?.t the Oakland mole. He was' brought
to the Railroad Hospital here, later to the
HEAVY WIND AND ANGRY BREAKERS
CAUSE DAMAGE ON OCEAN BEACH
Former Wrecks Dozens of Umbrellas of Sunday Sightseers, While
Waters Encroach on Drive Leading^to Cliff House*
craft along the .water; front ' yesterday,
. drove vessels I of small tonnage to shelter
and compelled big ships to reinforce their:
¦ anchorage. The storm was expected ; and
due ¦ precautions, were taken ' to J make
everything snugly fast. The result was
.that.'.beyondv getting chafed a little,' the
shipping :. generally escaped | without j in
¦ Jury.; The wind outside blew with terrific
force, although the bar broke In but few
places. The wind ; at Point Reyes at ¦¦ 9
a., m. was "rushing to the northwest at
- the rate of sixty miles an hour. At Point
Lobos the -velocity of the wind at noon
was only; twenty-eight miles, but by- 3
o clock It had increased to fifty miles an
hour. It was blowing at the rate of forty-
• four miles an hour at 5 o'clock. :
Boatman Harry Johnson yesterday aft
f ernoon picked up' a flat-bottomed hunting
6kift oft the ferry depot. There was • no
body in. the boat, which was nearly filled
. with, water and was being driven seaward
by tide and wind. In the bottom of the
skiff were about thirty decoy ducks. The
boat was painted blue.
Theilifeboat belonging to the wrecking
barge ; anchored over the sunken I hull of
the May Flint went adrift yesterday aft
ernoon with three men aboard. The men
THE, SAN : : ;JFRANCISCQ CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1 24, 190a.
10
To reach the mining fields of the South-!
Revle^ V6rtlSe ln the L ? a Angeles Mining
¦ Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOc flask. Richard A. Co.. 406 Clay.
.flOLPBiaa. BOWSH > CO'8 8PSC1AL BAVCT8 BALI
Sardines
Teyssonneau— little fish in oil—
reg'Iy i2 l Ac— bijou can— lot
enough for two
Bird pate
Franco American — grouse —
¦ partridge— wood-cock— wild duck- 20C
chicken— reg'Iy 25c can
Dog biscuit
Spratt dog cakes— j j. lbs 2 CC
reg'Iy 3 lbs 25c 4- 1DS 25c
Cry stol a
Quick scouring soap doz cakes 45c
Match holder
Hangs against the wall —
detachable cup for burnt matches- c o C
beautifully designed in red and J
green— reg'Iy 65c
F r e n c h soap
Roger & Gal let — perfumed toilet Crm^
soap— reg'iy 75c box of 3 cakea Dgf
Tooth powder
Listerated-best tooth preservative- „ __
known— reg'Iy 25c bottle aoQ
( W h is k y
GB&CoOK bourbon— * f or <«
sweet mash— old reliable J *
brand— reg'Iy $1 bot-$4gal $3
Port wine
California private stock— cne
better than ever— 5° c
reg'Iy 75c bottle-Ja 50 gallon , $2
B u r g u n d y
Howel Mt— rich fruity wine— < ._
dilute one-third— reg'Iy f 1 00 gal °5 C
Old Tom gin
? D C L— reg'ly t x-full quart— ._-
•nothing superior to it made 9 ac
¦Gin g e ra 1 e
Cochrane & Co-Belfast— : * T *j(
reg'Iy $i 50 dozen • + 11 '35'?>
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
•Thlrtoenth and Clay Streets,' Oakland
Oculariiim
Has "a professional frame fit- '
ter" tor whose expert services
. In adjustinj or fitting eye-
glasses and spectacles there is
'I obsolutely.no charge.
V/641Z Harket 5t^
AA/. X. HESS,
KOTAXT PXIBI.IO AUD ATTOa»KT-AT-LAW. .,
Tenth FI005. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU BtdtT 1
t> « ,J« le P hone Main 983.
Residence 821 California. «t.. below Powell,
__ Residence Telejhone. Jamea 1S0I.
¦ -
/ _ . , '•'_ AJ3VEBTISEMEITT3. ;
We announce the arrival of 150
Cases NEW GOODS, the latest styles
and fabrics for Spring, 1902. In the
collection are the following :
... - j - - ~ *• ¦ ' "
Colored Dress Fabrics.
Silk and Wool Eolienne, Toile de Soie and
, Fleur de Velour, Wool Poplins, Etamine
Voile, Etamine Canvas, Batiste and Tam-
ise. The ahove we have in all the newest
Black Silk Grenadines, Wool Etamines,
Dlain and figured i Canvas Cloths, Wool
Taffetas, Silk and Wool Eolienne, Wool
Crepes, Samite Cloth, and Silk and Wool
. . Lrepe qb i ariSi . .
Laces and Embroideries.
New Lace Galoons, All-over Nets, Mous-
seline de Soie, Silk and Appliaue Vestinas.
Chitfon and Net Rufflings, Valenciennes
Lace Sets and Camhric Swiss, Nainsook
and Irish Point Embroideries in Sets.
SPECIAL.
New imDortation LADIES 1 2-CLASP KID
GLOVES, embroidefed hacks (extra aual-
itu), fitted and guaranteed. •'
Price $1.00 Pair.
Mall orders promptly ani caremilu executel
ani samples Torwariei Tree to anp aiiresst
III: 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BARGAINS IN FURNBTURE. 1
On account of extensive Improvements we are forced to 2
reduce our stock at ones. Will sell half of our $40,000
stock at a c; r oat sacrifice.; Sale to commence TUESDAY ra
;February.25th, at 9 o'clock a. m. '
Only... g
T 1 ;-"" "" .-¦ U. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday; g
Come and see for yourselves. Every article will be tagged • 5
In plain figures. All goods up to date. Latest designs and a
styles. DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. 2
KRftGEN FUBNlMftE CO. s.uSfaW |
1015-1017 Market St., ppp. TaylorSt. g
. Have i you seen bur Patent ; Davenport Divan and ¦' Chair ' ¦
. . Folding Bed ? The cheapest and best on earth. . ; ' . > ¦';¦. ¦
[¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦IiaHBBHHiHIUailiBilHBiHlilHS
60LDBZH8, BOWTN ft C0]8 SPI0I1L SATISS SALS
epLDBERra
BDWEN
SCO
Monday Taesday Wednesday
L e n t en 1 un c he o n
Sardines in butter sauce .
Sardines in oil and vegetables
Sardines in tomato sauce
Smoked eels — eels m jelly
Kippered herring
Bismarck herring
Curried oysters
Live snails from France
T e a
Our popular 6oclb quality— i. fo< .
all flavors but Bee brand 5v c
Tomato catsup
Best Ingredients^— two _ v_^_ .__
flavors-reg'Jy 2 oc bottle 3 bots 5 OC
S w eet pic k.l es
Pin money — delicious as ipints 2OC
a preserve-all but pepper J- . ..
and melon mangos— P 1IUS 00 c
reg'Iy 25C-4OC-6OC quarts 50c.
Mo lass e s
Old fashion New Orleans-r- ¦, ' r r r
for ginger bread-reg'ly 750-1 gal can -> •>
H oil and; coc oa
Van Houteri— the best made-^- AOC
soluble— reg'Iy 50c— K Ib can T
: A r tich ok e s
Hickmott's— packed whole— 2 OC
fresh flavor — reg'Iy 25C-3 Ib can
G;a n- n e d pe as
Extra sifted— 1 Ib can ) « V nr « r >
Wisconsin-2 lbcan- \ ¦ ? tOr 2 5 C
regMyisc doz $1 40
R a i s i n s
California Sultana— 1 Vu "¦'!
reg'Iy 15c Ib 2 lbs 25c
Smyrna figs
Choice imported Iayers^ — ir\r>
reg'Iy 25c Ib " 2Oc:
It a 1 i a n p rune s
Rich tart fruit— ~1 lu. « Cr
reg'Iy ioc Ib 3§ IDS 25c
Pin f» o r\ 1
, Singapoae— 20C-2 Ib can-sliced ) P T ' C /
in rich syrup 20C-2K Ib can-whole ) '5 C
30C-3 lbcan-. " 25c
Clam bo u ill on
; Burnham— pure . '¦;-. 1 o int«? aor
concentrated juice— ¦2 : P 1 . nrs 2OC
reg'Iy 25c— 40c • pints 3 5c
G 1 a c e f r u i t s
Assorted— French f ruit-fnduding . QC
pineapple fritters— reg'Iy 50c Ib' :/ r
Preserved ginger
China dry ginger— wholesome iu 1T cc
confection-reg'ly" 20c It ' . 1 o 1
|51| lacty |^d;: j i^sc<ip|^^'||i§i|^|^g|^
BaJa'-mg but SOROSIS Shoes for too ; vear?5.^nd:
lfindM I h&ue spent just about half tl2e; money for;
sboes that I formerly did" in the SAme length of time ;
Thev a^re comfortable f^i8i ; sj^S|anKy§)|^^^
to the finish" You may profit by this! sdys experience-
I rt,. C>NI " Y T ° BZ HAD AT $3'.^O per Pair always
SO TfilRI) STREET,
x^ ar Second Shoe Store from Market St,
MAIL ORDERS ESPECIALU 'SOUC/TED^ANL rPROSIPTLr FILLED.