Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEXICO, Jan. 20.— Following the effort
«»f Joaquin Walker Martinez, the Chilean
delegate to the Pan-American Congress,
to obtain the adhesion of Venezuela to
the decisions of the congress, an effort
.that met only with a reply, that Castro's
delegation had been withdrawn, the dele
gations of the five . countries have ap
pealed to General Castro to give his ap
proval to the decisions' of the congress
and so contribute to American peace.
Their dispatch and Castro's answer are
translated in the' following: -
"President Castro, Caracas: The dele
gations of Argentina, Paraguay, Peru,
Bolivia and San Domingo invoke your
Kxcellency to again manifest that favor
toward American fraternity that you
have Lefore shown, to cause your delega
tion to support in these last moments of
i. he congress those measures which have
been unanimously agreed ' upon, thu-s to
give efficacy to the decisions of the con
gress on the many points about which
there is no disagreement. You will thus
contribute to American peace."
To 1hi3 Castro's answer was:-
Domingo,; MexicoX .Since,Decem
ber SI the authority of my delegation has j
been* c; wlthdrawn. ' The - delegates . hava
been under orders to" return.^ Fortoul ha's
already rcachtd here. '. This" Government
Kean while the Insurgents Remain
Very Active in His Country and
Inflict Heavy Losses on
Government Forces.
Sends a Most Defiant Reply
to the Pan-American
Congress.
Castro Refuses to Aid in
Maintaining Peace '
of Republics. '
VENEZUELA
WITHDRAWS
DELEGATION
Continued on Page Twot
' 'Continued on Page Twol- «
FTJNEBAL SERVICES CUT
SHOUT BY FIRE IN CHTTBCH
HARTFORD CITY. Ind., Jan. 20.— At
the United Brethren Church near^ Hum-"
boldt, while Rev. J. M. Hobbs was preach
ing a funeral sermon, flames burst
through the floor'beneath the casket and
the church was almost (Immediately filled
with Buffocating smoke/
The panic-stricken mourners and
friends of the deceased escaped through
windows and the corpse was momentarily
forgotten, but was finally rescued from
f-he S&me& The men formed a bucket
day after the quarrel, June 15, when pass
ing the Fiji Islands, the captain, his wife
and son were at supper in forward when
the mate came In and took a. seat, at the
table. As the captain was serving him
with food Burns pulled out his revolver
and pointed It at his superior. - ~
Nason dropped and shot at Burns, the
bullet striking the mate in the breast.
Locking his wife and boy in the cabin the
captain went on deck with two cocked
pistols and found the crew clustered aft.
"Are any of you men in, this?" • he
asked. ' ....
"No, sir," was the reply. - "We" thought
the mate had shot you, and, we are glad it
is the other way." '¦ ¦ : ' ¦ ¦ ;
Captain Nason put in at Fremantle,
where a consular Inquiry was- held.'. : at
which the skipper . was exonerated '. from
blame in killing Burns.
brigade and the flre was extinguished
before the church was totally, destroyedT '
The funeral cortege then proceeded tp
the cemetery, where, the. preacher fin
ished the sermon at the graveJ- The fire
was cau sed by aho verheated 'sto've in" the
. ; Shooting .ceased abou t the time • the ' fire
gaihed; sway- over " the • Lautaro, and . the
revolutionist l ; ship Darien then steamed
close; to : the~-United< States cruiser ; Phila
delphia:' ;^The American' sailors were " b*y
that \ .time ?:busy« rowing } to i. the ¦'¦ Lautaro?
taking i off ~ the -" fugitives . from
Fire appeared .on _the Lautaro about' 10
o'clockror one" hour before General Alban
was killed on her. decks!. The vessel was
practically; deserted afterward, and by 12
o'clock many i of her dead'lwere being
buried , , in The : .~ fire grew In
strength rapidly, and ¦, within" half an I hour
• after ? the general's 'death [ drove < the . last
onesoff the ship.. It was rumored
here that. the Lautaro. was fired as the re
sult . of treachery.^ v '
:\ ,r ';. Wounded . Sailors . Rescued.
off the Darlenand Guitau. The Pidilla
sent three shots from her heaviest guns
at the "Chlculto. g This vessel- replied with
rapid-fire guns. 1 The' Pldilla. moved away
a -little,, evidently t inconvenienced: Mov
ing off, the Pidilla got within range of the
guns_of , Las ; Bovedas, a fortress, and sev
eral >hots2 fell \ close • to the ship*. So far
as could be:' seen; there was no evidence
.' this 'vessel was struck except that
she moved so; slowly after the exchange
with . the ; Chlquito there .was a great deal
: of maneuvering without any damage : be
ing done. l ¦• ¦ v '
EDeclal Diepatch to The Call.
PANAMA, Jan. 20.— Making their
long-expected attack on Panama
from the sea this morning, the
. Colombian Liberals, or rev'olu-
tionists, precipitated within sight
of -the citizens a naval battle greater
than Panama has seen in many yearsi
They set on fire' and sunk the' Lautaro,
a Government ship. One of their vessels,'
theDarlen, was beached. There was a
heavy/ loss in killed and wounded, espe
cially on the Government side. Sailors
from'the^United States cruiser 'Philadel
phia rescued many of the wounded. More
far-reaching in effect that even the naval
fight is expected to be the death of Gen-
eral Carlos Alban, military and civil Gov
ernor \ of Panama, the northern coast cf
Colombia, and practically dictator . In his
district He was killed leading his men
In person on the steamer Lautaro, which
only a ¦ few days ago he seized' from a
Chilean company. Standing on the.quar
terdeck, encouraging his men after the
shlp^was on fire, he was struck by' a bul-'
let from a rebel .gunboat. . He died quick
ly. Not long afterward his' men were in
full retreat from the burning ship. She'
was deserted by her. crew within an hour
after they, lost; the inspiration of General
"A.lban's leadership. • • •¦ ;
* efforts of the insurgents ; ; ; to
gain control of the Isthmus of 'Panama
were made on land. Learning. that the last
expedition "commanded by General Herrera,
who^ was -.defeated; here -last \yeari\' would
attack \ by- sea, General r Alban 7 chartered
two- steamers and •seized 'the- 'Lautaroiito
repel invasion." , .: With' . scarcely 1000 - troops
at his command ,he7- manned > the .-three
ships and sent the -Pinzon. on 'the'- Atlantic
side • for /reinforcements.?/ t; ' '. v •'• ' '
Attack '. on tHe .' Lautaro,
Slipping . int o '¦ Panama 1 ? Bay. at'. 6 '. o'clock
this morning: the revolutionary! vessels'Al
mlrante - , Pldilla; g formerly ' a • Saivadoran
gunboat; Darien and; Guitau practically
surprised; the Lautaro, .the largest of 'the
Government' ships. ' .. yirlj L A- r - -.. ¦¦.¦?¦' ••¦< ¦'•'< '-'¦
The ' Pldilla; ¦¦'.. 'which VhasV. an • excellent
equipment ,'of ,' rapid-fire^ guns," -ywas -, close
to the" 'Lautaroj before . that "ship Vco'uld
roafcot^^^^^v^^P^t^Q^fim^rel
and killed or .wounded ' scores * of the * Lau
taro's • crew. ¦;' The DaVien '^ and -»Guitau
started; in -the 1'dlrection foff the' Govern
ment sea "wharf 'near the 'city. ' ' This wharf
, had been fortified by Albany a sVayresultrof
the capture^ recently:, of letter's 'that out
lined^ the, insurgents' plan. /;; ;.' , ";- : ;,\ j
WHh^theBoyaca, x - which -had;been char-'
tered , from the'; Panam^L'fCanali Company'^
absent,^ getting :i,troops^at'Mphlrlqju f r^the
onlyi_other;! Government S vessel
was the .''.ChlqultbT- which |had: been'., char •{
tered f rom _: the - Pacific i^Steam i Navigation"
Company. ' The Chiquita'attempted . to^cut
SCENE OF THE. BATTLE BETWEEN COLOMBIAN. INSURGENT. AND GOVERNMENT •' WAR V VESSELS "~ AND THE
Wa? R r£t Ott»™i B ?^ ICH SENTA CREW.'TO;THE : ASSISTANCE OF/THE STEAMHIP LAUTARO. WHICH
, WAS SET ON FIRE AND SUBSEQUENTLY. SUNK. . :: . v '. i i.; . ' .- . / -
v. watts ; the knowledge of your resolu
tions."
Senator Fortoul was at the head of the
Venezuelan delegation.
Government Loses Heavily.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao,
Jan. 20.— Venezuelan advices received
here to-day say : the Government forces
had the best of the fight Saturday
last,, although . Colonel '- Peral, Colonel
Fuenmayor and fifty men were seriously
injured. The Government troops, these
advices add, are, pursuing the revolution
ists. . Other advices say the . revolution is
slowly ' gaining ground In the ', island of
Laram.
The revolutionists at- Barcelona and
Cumana say they cannot understand Gen
eral Matos" plans. For a fortnight . past
2500 men ¦ at ; Oiin . have been awaiting
arms and ammunition . In order to take
the ' field- against President Castro's
forces.
The final settlement Is pronounced hope
less.- The reply of the Venezuelan Gov
ernment to the requirements of a settle
ment of the trouble arising from the late
revolutions will ,be submitted " to the next
Congress of Venezuela, which will meet
in February.
Defeat of Revolutionists.
The Insurgents who attempted to cap
ture. Maracaibo ¦ on ' Saturday were ad
herents of General Hernandez, who is
called "El Mercho" and who is still kept
In prison by President Castro. The revo
lutionists ; attacked the police post situ
ated in the main street. The' fight there
ended in the defeat of the revolutionists.'
There were "several" men killed "and
wounded, according to the latest advices
received, other reports making the ' loss
quite •. heavy to .the Government side.
The revolutionists concentrated at Para
guana, and near Vela -de Coro, - according
to. the reports which have <_ reached Cura
cao, appear to have been defeated by the
Government troops. ;
¦.The "¦'. revolutionary,, steamer ¦ Ubertador,',
It. is now said, is among the islands near
here: ."•.
Special v Dlspatch to The Call.
BATH. Me.. Jan. 20.-Word has been re
ceived here of the eventful voyage of the
ship James Drummond, from Puget
Sound to Fremantle, Australia, during
which the captain was forced to kill his
mate to save his own life and prevent a
mutiny on the craft. The Drummond was
built here and sold to San Francisco men,
and has since been in service on the Pa
cific Coast. Her captain is H. J. Nason.
who had charge of the vessel during her
trips along the Atlantic coast. The
Drummond left for Fremantle with a
cargo of lumber. Captain Nason shipped
as mate Thomas Burns, who had sailed In
that capacity on a number of American
vessels. . - •; .
The Drummond left Puget Sound late In
April, and almost as soon as the voyage
began the new mate commenced to make
trouble. He began by ill-treating the Chi
nese cabin boy and was rebuked by the
captain. This embittered the mate, and
be annoyed' the skipper by taking duties
into his own hands usually attended to by
the captain. The captain objected to this
practice, and wanted to fight immediately.
From that time on Burns came on 'deck
every day armed with a revolver, and
during his night watch called the men off
. t . I ??J°?52 I «J»jD^ljconversed 1 .with.them. The
•Captain did not neglect ~ to have his '¦ < re
volver in his pocket -at all. times. He'
kept a close! watch on- Burns.v,vrhe third
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
"W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Congress
received from President Roosevelt to-day
the supplemental report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, in which its recom
mendation as to the route for the inter
oceanic canal is changed from Nicaragua
to Panama.
All of the members of the commission
signed the report, which was referred to
the Senate committee on interoceanic ca
nals. It will cause a bitter fight between
the friends of the two routes in the com
mittee, as in the Senate. The chances
are that the report will have no weight
with the majority of the committee, and
that there will be a majority report In
favor of Panama. -
Then there will be a contest at intervals
which is likely to extend through the en
tire session of Congress, and may ter
minate without any action being taken.
This is the popular feeling entertained.
There is, however, such strong sentiment
In favor of the authorization of the canal
that the administration may be able to
force a compromise. It Is too early to
say whether the House, which has al
ready passed a Nicaragua canal bill,
would accept a ' Senate amendment pro
viding for the Panama route.
House May Accept.
Sj There fc» a. feeling, however, that if the
Senate passes a bill leaving the final de
cision of ¦ a ¦ route to the President the
House will accept it. To Senators who
are in favor of deferring action Is fur
nished an argument in the report, which
shows that before the United States can
begin the construction of the canal long
and . tedious negotiations must be under
taken for clearing title and for obtaining
concessions from. Colombia. It is the
policy of .the administration to remove
all cause for delay, and for this purpose
negotiations are already under way be
tween Minister Silva and Secretary Her
ran of the Colombian Legation and Rear
Admiral Walker of the Isthmian Canal
Commission for a protocol prescribing
the terms of American construction of
the canal at Panama.
In these negotiations the Colombian
Government has already shown a dispo
sition to require the United States to pay
an annual rental of $1,500,000 from the
time the concession begins, and this may
have an unfavorable effect upon the Pan
ama side of the argument when the ques
tion comes up in Congress. One of the
majn points against adopting the Nicar
agua route is that its cost of mafntnn
nnce Is $3,390,000 a year against $2,000,000
for Panama, but this rental would more
than wipe out the difference and make It
£200,000 in favor of Nicaragua.
What Colombia Wants.
Rear Adnjjral Walker 13 acting for the
State Department In conducting negotia
tions with the diplomatic representatives
¦of Colombia for the new canal conces
sion. 'Colombia is willing to grant to the
United States the lease of a strip of ter
ritory ten miles wide, practically In per.
petuity, and to give the United States po
lice and judicial jurisdiction. Colombia
desires from. the United States a guaran
tee of her sovereignty over the territory
of the Department of Panama, with the
exception of the leased strip, and the an
nual payment by the United States of not
less than $1,500,000. Colombia Is entitled
under the contract with the canal com
pany to a share in the gross income of the
canal from all ¦ sources on an Increasing
scale from S per cent at first to 3 per cent
from V the seventy-sixth year after lta
opening to the termination of the privi
lege. In addition, Colombia holds bond*
of the company valued at $1,000,000.
Figures in the Report.
The report submitted to-day gives In
full the correspondence which has passed
between the commission and the Panama
Canal Company at Paris, which Includes
a, cablegram from the president of ths
board dated January 9, as follows:
"The new Panama Canal Company de
clares that It is ready to accept for th«
totality, without exception, of its prop
erty and rights on the Isthmus tha
amount of $40,000,000. the above offer to
remain in force up to March 4, 1903."
The • report states that, the "totality"
mentioned In its message includes fifty*
six parcels of land amounting to 30.004
acres, which coyer nearly all cf th<j
ground required for the actual construe- ¦
tlon". pf the canal. It also includes 2431
buildings used for offices, quarters, hos
pitals, storehouses, etc.; also an Immense
amount of machinery, consisting of float
ing plant, tugs, dredges, locomotives,
cars, etc. It .also includes all, excavation
work accomplished upon the main canal
In an encounter with three highwaymen
who were endeavoring to rob a citizen in
front of the bicycle and hardware
store of W. J. Kenney. 531 Valencia
street at 1:15 o'clock this morning. Po
lice Officer E. C. Robinson was shot thr*;e
times in the abdomen and probably fa
tally wounded. Officer Taylor, who we t
to his assistance, succeeded in wounding
one of the trio.
About a dozen shots were exchanged.
As eoon as the officers in the vicinltv
heard the shooting they rushed to the
scene. Officer Tim Connell went to the
wounded officer's assistance, and when
the ambulance arrived he ordered that
Robinson should be sent to the Railroad
Hospital at Fourtenth and Mission
streets.
It is said by some who were in the vi
cinity that when the robbers were dis
covered committing their crime by
Officer Robinson, one of them fired a
shot at him and the officer returned th»
fire. Officer Taylor came up on the run
and intercepted one of the men as he was
turning the corner of Valencia and Six
teenth streets. Taylor shot him through
the neck.
The thief fell and was ironed and sent
in &n ambulance to the City an£ County
Hospital, where he gave the name pf
S. Bayly. When searched a stick of dy
namite was found in his pocket. He re
fused to disclose the identity of his as
sociates. His wound is not considered
fatal..
August Mebels, who was standing in
front of Harry Bentham's saloon, about
half a block east of the scene of the
shooting, says he first heard one shot,
followed at a short interval by three In
quick succession, and then half a dozen
more. Three men came running down
Valencia street in the direction of Six
teenth and turned the corner.
"I ran over toward them, when one of
them said, 'Do you want some of this?'
pointing a pistol at me. I ran back. One'
of the men was clean shaven, the other
two had mustaches; two had on long
overcoats, and the third man had light
pants. As they were running Officer Tay
lor came up and fired at the crowd, one
of the men falling. The other two turned
into Julian avenue and got away."
Vvnen Robinson fell he was taken to
Eastman's plumbing shop, at 517 Valencia
street, and was attended by Drs. Sullivan
an<5 J. J. Crowley, who urged his immedi
ate removal to a hospital. Robinson was
very low at the time and was bleeding
freely. He was unable to give an account
of the affray.
As soon as the news reached police
headquarters Detectives J. Dlnan and
Bell, accompanied by Assistant District
Attorney -Greany, went to the Railroad
Hospital to take Robinson's dying state
ment. Owing to his very weak condition
It wsls a very slow task.
A further search of the clothing- of the
robber who was shot disclosed an un
malled letter ready for registering ad
dressed to F. Daly. Stockton. It was as
certained later that the right name of the
wounded man" Is William H. Henderson.
He had a brace and bit concealed on him
in addition to the dynamite.
Some ten years ago a man of the same
name wm sentenced to San Quentin for
ten years for a burglary committed at
the corner of Powell and Geary streets.
The police believe he Is the same man.
Police OfScer E. C Robinson was ap
pointed to the police force on December
2. 1895, and was assigned to the Mission
district. He was formerly a clerk. He is
a native of this State, and was born . !n
1865. ' He wu unmarried. His " record has
been exceptionally good, and he was re
garded as an excellent officer by his supe
riors. -•' -'¦;
In his flying statement Robinson said
he encountered the three men at Eight
eenth and Valencia streets, where they
were trying to hold a man up. They
ran at the eight of the officer and a run
ning duel followed, ending by his being
wounded in front of Kenney's place. Rob
inson was very low when the statement
was taken and was bareiy able to answer
questions.
Alrcady Negotiations Are Being
Made With Colombia by Which
the United States May
Complete the Canal. i £fV; *
Tragedy Occurs Aboard a San Fran-
• dsco Ship During a Voyage
From'Puget Sound to
Australia.
Patrolman E/C. Bobinson. Dying at
the Railroad Hospital With
Three Bullets in His
Body.
Recommendation That the
Offer of the French Com
pany Be Accepted.
Work in the Mission and
One Is WoundetL
Three Crooks Surprised at
Conspirators Return to Work
When They Know Their
Leader Is Slain.
to Congress.
President Sends Report
• of the Commission
Desperate Pistol Battle
Between Robbers
and Officera
Captain Nason of Ship
James Drummond
Acts Promptly.
BATTLE FOR
PANAMA ROUTE
COMMENCED
KILLS MATE
AND CHECKS
THE MUTINY
POLICEMAN
FATALLY SHOT
BY FOOTPADS
COLOMBIAN REBELS MAKE SEA ATTACK ON PANAMA
AND GENERAL ALBAN, MI LITARY GOVERNOR, IS KILLED
BATTLE OCCURS IN HARBOR
GOVERNMENT VESSEL IS SUNK
AND INSURGENT CRAFT BEACHED
Losses in KU led and tided^-AjreMtl eavy oh Both
Sides,
delphia I)o6s SB^c&^^Vbrk;^
VOLUME XCI.— NO 52.
PKICE JFIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO',' 'TO^D^Y^^^K^BY:;;21; 1902.
The San Francisco Call.CIVIL GOVERNOR OF..THE PHILIPPiNES... ,WH0 ARRIVED IN PORT
LAST '"NIGHT, . AND! THE » ARMY: ¦'' ..TRANSPORT GRANT THAT
BROUGHT THE DISTINGUISHED AMERICAN ACROSS THE PACIFIC.
i\'- •'. x*; "¦""• -'•¦•' "" '¦¦'.- ¦ -•¦ ¦¦- "¦ " ' ¦¦• • ¦ -. • ¦ * ¦
ST. LOUIS, Jan.'.' 20. — In. the Circuit Court
Judge Hough to-day I began the - hearing of the.
'suit brought by. members of, the Catholic Con
gregation of . ¦ the .-. : Immaculate .»¦ ¦ Conception
Church to restrain ] Archbishop . Kane from Bell
in* their church and 'apply ing. the 'proceeds to
the . bulldlne . of the new., cathedral. , -
~ WASHINGTON,": Jan. 20.— Only meager
details of the : fighting ' between the ves
sels of "the Colombian ;. Government ' and
those' of the "insurgents in Panama bay
were ¦ received - in official circles to-day.
They consisted 'of a dispatch from Con
sul General • Gudger : at : Panama , and ; an
other from Captain Mead, the commander
of the cruiser Philadelphia, which is lying
In Panama bay.' ;••« . •¦."'¦ t*Jsit
s 10 o'clock no -additional advices
had come either -to" the department -or. to
Dr.'Silva, Colombia's representtlve at this
capital.'.-""'.:- ¦ -. '¦; -¦ ¦ -.¦¦¦¦- ;¦•¦-.¦ ¦•: „¦ , ¦?. *
The officials of the! State and Navy De
partments are • watching a the . outcome of
the contest I with much interest. I It . is be
lieved that ;f uller reports : will be received
by to-morrow;, morning.- '>, ';>; ' . • ;¦
;-At the Colombian Legation great regret
is expressed -by. the officials at the death
, of General; Alban, > Governor • of i Panama;
He - had proved a very successful ' officer,
and -¦ in the j recent, operations v incident I to
the capture, and surrender of Colon by: the
rebels \ he , had played ¦. a conspicuous ; part*
He was about 60 years of age and ¦ a man
of brilliant attainments. 1 .- Formerly he had
been Attorney General of Colombia.- ¦¦-.-
ALBANf S DEAITH ;'. •' REGRETTED.'
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pile«
No- Cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo , Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of plies
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six' days; worst cases in fourteen days
One application gives ease and • rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This Is a new discovery, and
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure no pay. A free 1 sample will. be
sent by mall to any one-sending name. -and ad
dress. Price, 60c. If. your druggist don't keep
It in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO... St. Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture 'the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.'; ¦ ¦ '¦'•'¦ , ;
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Thare was great .excitement in the city
meanwhile, the troops being .busy throw
ing up an! intrenchment and the citizens
crowding all "-available- points ! in : the hope
of: getting good views of the battle.
.Early in the afternoon the Government
steamer Boyaca docked:. with troops from
Chiriqul. - She -made ho attempt to engage
the three revolutionist steamers, ai
though ehe : passed -them In the bay. She
reports that they drew away from her.
Carlos Alban had -been the bulwark of
the, Colombian Government in the north
ern 1 provinces | for • more' than: eighteen
months- It was he who defeated. the rev
olutionists or! the> isthmus one year. ago,
who outgeneraled . them last g fall,-- after
they 'had . won; many victories " over his
troops, and who has for several-.months
been^the greatest jobstacle to their sue-,
c^ss. v - His . : energy i and resources - under
disadvantages were r three times responsi
ble for the defeat of the Liberals. ;
That he might have a-, freer hand In
Panama; which has 1 been ¦' regarded ; as' a
vital: strohghold'.of thef; Government, Gen
eral-Alban was -made Assistant Minister
of "War and at the same time" was placed
over the, Governors'of two States other
than ¦ his 'own: - He ' contested • the ; ground
with the' revolutionists from; Buenaven
tura on the Pacific aide south' of Panama
to Rio Hacha, near 'the Venezuelan fron
tier.';.- : .' - .---.; • .,.«.;•• .'¦- . •!¦¦ < . •-¦-.¦ •
the fire. Men', from the United States
ship next 'endeavored to , extinguish the
flre on the Lautaro, but • failed. , The
Darlen, it seems, asked » for aid as she
later went ashore: About 2 o'clock,
despite all efforts to save - her, the Lau
taro sank. ,.- .... -
Continued From Page* One.
Governor Taft says that '-he-is much Im
proved by the sea voyage and will spend
a few days at his bla home in Cincinnati
before going to Washington. /
COLOMBIAN REBELS MAKE : ATTA C K
"The native Filipino police have proved
a success. They were»appolnted by the
Civil Government and, officered by Ameri
cans, they, do good service."
trlcts. They terrorize the natives and un
til the strong arm of the; law is able • to
suppress them absolute peace in' the isl
ands will not be obtained. - .
Post made several "objections, to the
maps, claiming they .were incomplete/and
on an order of the court Tolle ¦ was or
dered to make - the changes as - requested
by Post before the maps would be ¦ ac
cepted as exhibits. -
\ Harry Russell, photographer, was
called to the stand and asked if he: had
made photographs of the map drawn by
Raker when Courtright was on the stand
for the prosecution some time ago. I An
objection was sustained, 'Judge Harring
ton saying that at the time the illustra
tion was made by Raker he had ordered
that no photograph of the map be taken,
because he would not permit- it to be in
troduced as evidence. High Words fol
lowed, and the- court ordered a' recess un
til to-morrow. . • : : . ¦ -
the direction of the court and under the
direction of the counsel of both sides, had
made maps illustrating ' the buildings and
locations around Lookout, ' the scene - of
the lynchings. Raker examined the : wit
ness, and- a technical- illustration of- the
maps followed. ..• . '. . ., •
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Captain B. D.
Greene, J. F. William and E. H. Gaynor,
who were indicted with Captain O. M.
Carter, U. S. A., for alleged conspiracy
to defraud the Government, appeared be
fore" United States Commissioner "Shields
to-day and furnished a collective bond. of
$100,000 for their appearance before the
United States Court of Georgia. The giv
ing of the bond was by consent and the
defendants are to answer to the indict
ments at Savannah, Ga., on the second
Monday, in February. Meantime prepara
tions are being made for a technical at
tack upon the indictments.
ALLEGED ACCOMPLICES
OF CARTER GIVE BONDS
'^"he Civil Government has been work
ing with great zeal and has far exceed
ed expectations. The chief j , difficulty
at present , is the lack of police
protection in the • provinces. Small
bands of robbers still infest the back dls
q .I..I..I..I..I..I..I..I.-I»I--2"I"I"I"I"I"I~r"I"IvI-S"I~I-'3
Work of Civil Government.
"General Wheaton Is doing: splendid
work in the islands, and he assured me
shortly before I- sailed that the natives of
the province of Batangas and Its vicinity
would all be* pacified before the close of
next March. The provinces of Cebu and
Dohol, until recently disturbed by insur
gent operations, . have settled down, the
fighting men all surrendering." .
Governor Taft says that the 1? ilipinos
are very anxious to secure a Legislature
as a step toward the ¦ permanent estab
lishment of a civil government.
The Governor said:
Governor Taft laughs : at the \ re
peated reports that the Filipinos are
not friendly and that they are still
anxious. to take up arms against the
United States. He says the war is
confined to two provinces — Batangas
and Samar — and that the operations
in Batangas occasionally range into
the neighboring provinces of Tayabas
and Laguna.
Filipinos Are Friendly. ; "; ,^5'-
Governor Taft sailed from Manila 'on \
December 24. He was granted a leave of I
absence, upon order of the Secretary off?
War. During his absence Luke E. Wright, .',
a member of the Civil Commission,
take his place, ••- ¦¦» -t : "«. . "
The Governor is accompanied-by/his.'
wife. > He feels that after a' few 'days Vf y
rest in this city he will be strong enough^-,
to undergo the" trip East and make. his -j;
report to the Secretary of War. Governor,'.'
Taft said that he hoped to leave for the-'
East on Thursday. >; *,.-."'
WILLIAM H. TAFT. Civil. Gov->
ernor of the Philippine . Isl- *-
ands, arrived here last. even-'
ing at 10 o.'clock on the (trans- ;•-.
port Grant from Manila. "He :
is a very sick man, the Philippine climate .
and the arduous duties he has performed j
having told on his constitution..^When the:*
transport arrived Governor Taft was con-;,
fined to his stateroom and at-first>"de>t
¦plined to be Interviewed. He, however, y.'
reconsidered the matter arid eventually k
gave a Call reporter his views' of .'the '¦¦:
Philippine question. : . : .;•."-
Eades and Leventon left for Lookout, stopped
et Adln, saw Mr. Auble and told him of the
appointment of him by the Dfctrlct Attorney
to co to Lookout and prosecute those cases.
Kadee and Leventon also were told by Mr.
Auble that. If Hall or the party who killed the
calf refused, to show the hide he would be
guilty of an offense and coma and should be
Arrest of Calvin Sail.
Oil Tuesday, May 28, we will show you, Isom
Eades and Robert' Leventon jointly came to
consult the District Attorney of Modoc County
In regard to prosecuting these parties arrested,
namely, the Halls, Tantis and Martin Wilson.
Eades asd Leventon found the District Attor
ney unable to bo to Lookout and prosecute
these cases and they secured from him the ap
pointment of Attorney C. C. Auble, who re
sides at Adln, In Modoc County, as Deputy
District Attorney to proceed with the prosecu
tion of the cases against the accused parties.
In consultation with the District Attorney in
reference to charges against the men who had
been arrested. Eades and Leventon were ad
vised by the District Attorney that If Hall re
fused to show the hide of a certain calf which
they alleged he had recently killed and of
which they had found the head and feet, and
some portions of the meat, he was guilty of an
offense and might be prosecuted.
As for Brown, Spencer claimed the abil
ity of the defense to prove that Brown
never participated in the hanging nor that
he participated directly or indirectly in
any conspiracy to lynch any one at any
time; that he never asked John Hutton
to join the mob; that he did not ask Hut
ton to be one of the rope-preparing party
and that Brown did not go from Myers*
Hotel to the schoolhouse, where the
lynching party had assembled, and never
agreed to signal for the lynching party
that "everything was ready" by the light
ing of a cigar on the porch of the hotel.
In fact. Spencer offered to prove that
Brown had not in any way exceeded his
authority sts an officer of the law; that
Brown and his guards were held up at
the point of guns in the hands of mem»
bers of the mob and that tho prisoners
were forcibly taken from the hotel and
lynched. - ,
But what Spencer claims for the de
fense is best told In that gentleman's own
words. His address to the Jury was in
part as follows:
By permission of the court, gentlemen of the
jury. I will undertake to make you a brief
statement- of the substance of the defense In
this action. I shall not undertake to go into
the detail of evidence, but will Btate to you the
substantial facts which we expect to establish.
There were certain arrests made on Saturday,
the 25th day of May, 1001. which were the be
ginning of proceedings which led to matters
which have been and -will be presented to you..
There were four persons arrested. These ar
rests were made in the absence of this defend
ant. He knew nothing of and had nothing
whatever to do with these arrests until Monday
morning. The cases were called up before the
magistrate and were continued at the request
of the defendant. Monday afternoon this de
fendant was appointed Deputy Constable by
Mr. Carpenter, who was constable of that
township, a position which Mr. Brown accept
ed reluctantly.
Brown CTot a Conspirator.
Judge E. V. Spencer made the opening
statement for the defense this afternoon.
The address was short. Spencer claimed
the defense could undermine the testimony
of all of the •witnesses for the prosecu
tion. His argument was an Impeachment
of every statement made by John Huttou
and Claude Morris, the "assumed con
fessors," as Spencer designated them, and
of the testimony of Robert Courtwright
of Lookout, one of the first witnesses
called by the prosecution. Courtwright
testified that he saw the ropes used by
the lynchers tested in the store of E. S.
Trowbridge in Lookout.
Spencer denied absolutely that. Hutton
¦waa present at the lynching, that he was
present at the rope-testing meeting held
In the shed back of Trowbridge's store,
or that he was "a member of the "town
party," and asserted the ability of the de
fense to show that Hutton had absolutely
no connection with the lynching. Prac
tically the same claims were made in re
gard to the testimony of Claude Morris,
but his testimony was not touched upon
so minutely as that of Hutton.
Spencer went so far In his claims of
what the defense could prove as to make
the emphatic assertion that none of the
persons named by Hutton and Morris in
their confessions Ind in their testimony
on the stand were members of the lynch
ing- party.
it Is evident that If counsel for the de
fense can prove one-tenth what they
claim they can they will make Hutton
and Morris appear as the greatest pair of
perjurers that ever prevaricated In a Cal
ifornia court, and will completely knock
the props from under the foundation laid
by Assistant Attorney General Post and
his colleagues, Bturtevant and Boyd, for
the conviction of "Jim" Brown, defendant
fn this now famous' case.
What Defense Hopes to Prove.
courtroom spectators and the attorneys
for the defense this morning by a^aounc
lng: that the people rested their case and
would not recall witness Claude Morris.
Spencer then asked- that Judge Harring
ton order all the testimony of Morris
stricken out. on the ground, that it was
Incompetent, that It was in the nature of
a confession and not given voluntarily,
that his testimony placed him in the po
sition of accomplice and that the defense
had not had sufficient opportunity to
cross-examine the witness. The court
ruled that the testimony of Morris was
distinctly competent and denied the mo
tion in every particular.
Spencer then askea that the court ' ad
vise the jurv to find a verdict of not
guilty," as the prosecution had not pre
sented sufficient evidence to prove the de
fendant guilty of the offense chafed.
Judge Harrington responded: -
"1 respectfully deny tne motion. Mr.
Spencer." \
On the request of the attorneys for the
defense Judge Harrington ordered a re
cess until 2 o'clock this afternoon.
ALTURAS. Jan. 20.— The trial of James
W. Brown, ( the alleged leader of the
Lookout lynchers, is nearing an end. As
sistant Attorney General Post surprised
At the conclusion, of ' Spencer's t state
ment C. H. Tolle, a civil engineer, was
called to the stand. He testified th»t he,
with A. - A. Smith, County ¦ Surveyor, ¦• at
Defense Calls First "Witness.
In conclusion, gentlemen of. the Jury, we ex
pect to satisfy you by evidence on the part of
the defense in , this case that* the defendant
haa been acting In everything he has done in
connection with this matter in good faith as
a peaceable and law-abiding citizen and striv
ing only for the enforcement of the laws.
Further, I expect to satisfy you by evidence
that all of the parties participating in making
the arrests of Mr. Hall. Frank Hall, Jim Hall,
Mr. Yantls and Martin Wilson were acting in
good faith. We expect to satisfy you that they
were acting solely with the desire to enforce
the law. , <
We will show you that this defendant did
not have a conversation about the hanging of
those men, as reported by young Harris; that
no conversation was had in the blacksmith shop
of Robert Leventon in regard to the hanging of
the prisoners, as alleged by young Harris; that
none of those conversations ever occurred, . and
nothing of that character ever occurred; that
.this defendant could not see Robert P. Court
right in Trowbridge's store on the day before
the lynching, as stated by Mr. Courtrlght; that
defendant did not see any one in the back of
the room, as stated by Mr.'Courtright, on that
occasion, fixing ropes. He did not see J J
Potter or J. R. Myers there, as stated by Mr
Robert P. Courtrlght. We will show you also
that they were not there, and no such pro
ceedings were had; also that the defendant did
not make the statement to Myron Ayers that
It was the common talk of Lookout that those
men ought to be hanged or sent to State's
prison, or that the mob came sooner than he
expected, or that he went out on the porch and
lit a cigar; that hone of these things occurred.
We will show you that he did not say In the
presence of Witness Gibson, or any one, that
"I did not know that the mob was coming so
eoon." That he did not' make use of such a
remark In the presence of Witness Lamburth
or anything to 'that effect.
Denies All Conversations.
We will show, to your entire satisfaction,
where Nichols was that night; we will show
where Leventon was that night and that he
was not one of the six men who are alleged by
Hutton and Morris to have gone across the
bridge. We will show you where J. J. Potter
was that night, and that he was not one of the
six* men. We will account for every one of
those men who are named by Hutton and Mor
ris as having participated in that mob.
We will show you in that connection also,
that Sam Parks, one of the men who is accused
of having participated in that lynching, and
who is said by these alleged confessors to have
gone over from the town to the school house
with what has been called the "town party."
was in that hotel, occupying a room upstairs,
directly over that barroom where the prisoners
were when the mob came; that he was awak
ened by the confusion and noise. caused by the
mob, dressed hurriedly,' came out of his room
and met persons in the hall, and that by the
light of the lamp which was in Myers' room,
the door of which was open, he could be plainly
seen.
Right in that connection we will show you
that J. R. Myers, proprietor of the hotel at
which the prisoners were k»pt. came down
stairs to see what was going on and tried to
get Into the barroom to prevent the lynching,
and a gun was stuck in his face and he was
compelled to stand back; that he then went to
his room upstairs for the purpose of getting
a weapon when a few of his family.- or one
of tha members of his family, a grown young
woman, upon his entering the room, threw her
arms around his neck and held him to keei)
him from going back downstairs until the
mob went away.
Alibis for the Suspects.
In that connection we will show you that
on the night of the alleged hanging, a mob of
masked men came into the- barroom of the
hotel. ¦ where ¦ there prisoners were, and that
the defendant and his assistant guard were
compelled to hold. up their hands at the muz
zles of firearms and were held In that position
until the prisoners were taken away from
them forcibly and. taken from the hotel.
This defendant did not tell Hutton "the first
pretty night they would be gotten out of the
way." or that "they ought to be hung," or
"ought to be sent to State prison," or any
thing of that kind; also that this defendant
did not go over to the school house on Thurs
day night; that the defendant did not agree
to give a signal and that the defendant did not
give a signal by lichting- a ci^ar. or otherwise
to the alleged mob. Defendant wns In the
hotel with the prisoners from the time ho
went on guard that night until the prisoners
were taken away from him by the mob.
We will show you further in that connec
tion that the defendant did not put the rope"
Into a barley sack; that the defendant did
not carry the ropes to the blacksmih shop;
that the defendant did not put any ropes into
the coal house as described by Mr. Hutton, or
otherwise.
We -will show you that the persons named
and designated by Mr. Hutton as being present
at that morning's rope meeting in Trowbridge's
store were not there at all and knew noth
ing of the circumstances as related by s Mr.
Hutton. We will show you by satisfactory
evidence where they were and what they were
doing at the time of the alleged rope meeting
at Trowbrldgfc's store. We will show you that
while Mr. Triowbridge was at his store that
morning engaged in the usual transaction of
business he knew nothing of the alleged trans
action at that rope meeting described by Mr.
Hutton and that he was busy that morning
attending to the usual business of his estab
lishment, and that nothing of the kind de
scribed by Mr. Hutton occurred.
And right in this connection we expect to
ehow to your entire satisfaction that no cir
cumstances actually occurred to Justify the
Inference that he did engage in any conspiracy
or have anything whatever to do with any
conspiracy. We will show you that this de
fendant did not. make the alleged request of
John Hutton to Join the mob at any time
whatever; also that this defendant did not re
quest Claude Morris to Join at any time what
ever. We will show you further that this de
fendant did not request Hutton to go to Trow
bridge's store to help pick out the ropes "as
was stated by Mr. Hutton; that defendant
Brown was not there, and, as I have already
stated, that on that very morning- he was on
the road to the Hall ranch. We will show
you also that there was no talk, understanding
or agreement with Mr. Trowbridge. Fred Rob
erts. Eades or anybody else that Hutton
should be at the store to assist In picking out
the ropes. ¦. •
Wo will show you further that the defend
ant did not participate in that hanging by the
mob. That, however, is apparent from the
evidence of the prosecution, and we will make
it plain from this evidence that he did not
participate, either directly or indirectly, one
way or the other. We will show you further
that this defendant never entered Into or en
gaged in any conspiracy to hang the men who
are alleged to have been hanged, or to hang
anybody.
Denies Everything 1 in Toto.
We expect to show that no such language
occurred; that no threats were used, no blows
were struck, and further, to show In that con
nection that Mr. Hall's conduct was such that
there was no occasion for any harsh treatment,
harsh words or force by anybody. It was ap
parently a willing and pleasant affair. Mr.
Hall did not walk behind the wagon, as stated
by Agnes Wilson, but got into the wagon before
it started, with the other gentlemen, rode to
Lookout cheerfully, chatting pleasantly all the
way, as if there was nothing wrong with the
proceedings.
. We will show you further, as occurring:
about that time, that this defendant did not
make an offensive search of Mary Hall — usual
ly spoken of as •'Old-Mary," or something llki
that; that this defendant did not make an of
fensive search of either her or the girl, 1 Agnes
Wilson.
prosecuted therefor. They were also assured
by Mr. Auble that from facts within his knowo
edge they had abundance of evidence to hold
these accused parties for trial. It was sup
posed by that they had evidence sufficient to
bind them over to appear before the Superior
Court for trial here in. Alturas on Thursday
morning. In pursuance of information received
by him from parties who had consulted the
District Attorney and Mr. Auble and arrange
ments were made for the prosecution. This
defendant, acting as Deputy Constable of the
township, went with others to the Hall ranch —
now this, mark you. was on Thursday morning
— leaving Lookout somewhere between 7 and S
o'clock , In the morntng. They went to Hall's
ranch to make further search for stolen prop
erty, and particularly to find this calf's hide,
if, It could be found. Mr. Hall came home
from tome place, they having got there while
he was away. They had searched and failed
to find the hide and they asked him • to show
them the hide of this calf. He refused to show
the hide or tell them where it was.' Thereupon
Brown informed Mr. Hall that if he refused
to show the hide or give them information in
regard to It he would have to go to Lookout.
Mr. Hall did not object to going to Lookout
¦with them, but merely stated that he would
not use his own team. Thereupon he was in
tormed by the Deputy Constable that he might
go to Lookout with them. Mr. Hall consented
and after a few preliminaries Mr. Hall got
into the wagon with Mr. Brown and others and
rode to Lookout, doing it pleasantly, cheerfully
and willingly, without any force being used,
violence or threats or harsh words or ill treat
ment whatever. We expect to show to your
entire satisfaction the falsity of the story told
by Agnes Wilson, the witness' for the prose
cution, that defendant struck Mr. Hall with
his gun, or punched him with it, and then by
the use of profane language told him he would
ha\-e to go to Lookout that night and that he
would "fix" him before he got through with
him, or language to that effect, which you un
doubtedly remember.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Opening Statement of Defense a General
Denial of All Testimony Against
James W. Brown.
Is Enthusiastic Over V^oi-k of Civil Commission and
GOVERNOR W. H. TAFT ARRIVES
FROM PHILIPPINES ON GRANT
PROSECUTION RESTS ITS
CASE IN LYNCHING TRIAL
ANARCHISTS THREATEN
THE VISITING PRINCE
German Consul of Chicago Demands to Know
What Police Protection Will Be Given
Henry of Prussia,
is devoted to abuse, ridicule and denuncia
tion of Prince Henry and Americans. The
language ia vulgar and fitted to incite the
anger of workingmen.
. Hundreds of copies of this- publication
were to-day distributed here. Johano.
Most and. Emma Goldman are scheduled
to address • an - anarchist rally in New
York upon the arrival of Prince Henry.
The German anarchists of Chicago also
are preparing to make his arrival here an
excuse for a demonstration.
It was reported that Emma Goldman 13
on her way to Chicago to confer with an
archists. A permit was asked of Police
Chief O'Neill to-day for a "Goldman
meeting." The Chief refused to permit
Miss Goldman to talk.
A formal declaration against the Princa
Is being made by the German reds her*
in a circular notice sent out. Throughout
the circular runs a veiled warning to the
royal visitor. That a demonstration is
being planned by Chicago anarchists was
admitted to-day by, several German an
archists of this city.
Continued From Page One.
BATTLE FOR PANAMA ROUTE BEGINS
In the papers Coyne has prepared for
Mrs. Hopper it is alleged that Alexander
Dunsmuir was suffering from cerebral
meningitis when he signed the will In his
brother's favor, and that he died thirty
minutes afterward. Mrs. Hopper also
says her mother, Mrs. Dunsmuir, came
under the influence of James Dunsmuir
at a time when she was hovering between
life and death late in 1S99, and accepted
$25,000 In lieu of her rights to contest-
Mrs. Hopper while in the West made a
settlement out of court with all the heirs
under her mother's will and thus got rid
of all rivalr— for the possession of $350,000
which was left by her mother.
Mrs. Hopper will ask for the setting
aside of the will on the ground that
James Dunsmuir, the Premier, used unduo
influence on Alexander Dunsmuir to pro
cure the making of a will unfair to Mrs.
Dunsmuir and her heirs, and he unfairly
influenced Mrs. Dunsmuir to waive her
rights to contest the will.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Edna Wallace
Hopper, the actress, through her counsel,
Edward P. Coyne, is about to enter suit
at Vancouver, B. C, against James Duns
muir, Premier of British Columbia and
brother of her -late stepfather, Alexander
Dunsmuir, to set aside her stepfather's
will. If she succeeds in setting aside the
will she will get all of her mother's in
terest in the estate, which under the laws
of California amounts to one-half. In
this case the estate is variously estimated
to be worth from $1,000,000 to $3,000,000. It
comprises coal fields of Vancouver Island
and, a large share of ownership of the
Vancouver Railway.
Special Dispatch to- The Call.
Edna "Wallace Hopper
to Enter Suit Against
Dunsmuir.
ACTRESS SEEKS
NEW SETTLEMENT
Special Dispatch to Th 9 Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— Anarchists through
out the country are bringing their red
flag once more before the public. Edi
torial writers are voicing threats and
warnings against Prince Henry and, cir
culars are being distributed In Chicago.
Mayor Harrison was visited to-day by
Dr. Wever, the German Consul, who
asked him what police protection the city
would guarantee Prince Henry during his
sojourn In Chicago. The "doctor explained
that friends of the Prince were thorough
ly afraid of the Chicago anarchists, and
that . unless sufficient protection were
given the royal' itinerary would be
changed.
Rallies of the reds are being arranged
in different cities to be held during the
trip of Prince Henry. : The anarchists are
reticent as to their clans. . .
German anarchists of this city, who are
admirers of Johann Most, the New York
anarchist editor, are foremost In local
agitation. In the last issue • of -Most's
paper, the Freiheit. the entire first page
e
THREE CONVICTS
ARE RECAPTURED
Man-Hunt on McNeils
Island Grows More
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TACOMA, Jan. 20.— W, D. Snyder, sent
up from Idaho, James Carroll, an Alas
kan murderer, and Harry Davis, a Nome
larcenlst, were recaptured this evening at
8 o'clock by Deputy Sheriff Johnson and a
sailor from the revenue cutter Manning.
They are three of the eleven convicts who
escaped from the prison on McNeils Isl
and. The posse ran into the trio as the
latter were leaving the woods for tha
beach. Snyder and Carroll were hand
cuffed together and the party started for
the prison. When they came to a farm
house the sailor was sent for a piece of
rope with which # to tie Davis.
As soon as he was out of sight Davis
made a jump into the brush. Johnson
tired and Davis cried out. "My God," as
if in pain and disappeared into tha
thicket. As It was very dark pursuit was
impossible. So far as can be learned tha
convicts have not yet procured firearms*
or food and. must soon be starved out.
With Frartk Moran, who 'was recap
tured last evening, three of the convicts
are now in custody. It is certain the rest
have not left the island.
Two fast, launches are patrolling
the twenty-three miles of shore line,
especially on its northwest shore, where
at low tide the channel separating It from
the main land is only three-quarters of
a mile wide. Every member of the posaa
is heavily armed and has orders to shoot
to kill if any convict is discovered and
refuses to surrender.
The island is five miles long by more
than four wide and is densely timbered,
excepting a few cultivated patches along
the water's edge. Thirty-three farmers
live on the Island, but all are badly scared
and have barricaded their homes, for
fear the convicts will endeavor to rob
them. This wilderness is traversed by
only two country roads, making the island
an ideal hiding place If the convicts could
obtain food. It la believed that hun&er
and cold will drive them to the beach to
night in an effort to escape, in which,
event they will be recaptured. •. •
Ten marines from the revenue cutter
Manning Joined the searchers to-day.
ming up, the commission finds the total
value of the property to be as follows:
The estimated cost of constructing tho
Nicaragua canal la given as $45,630,701
more- -than the cost of completing the
Panama canal.
Excavation work done, $27,474,033; Pan
ama Railroad stocks, at par, $S,SS6,3Oi>;
maps, drawings, etc., $2,000,000; total. $36,
360,333. Add 10 per cent to cover omissions,
$3,639,657: grand total, $40,000,000.
STUTTGART, Wurtteinbersr. Jan. 20. — The
Hoff Theater has been suttee! by flre. There
was no loss of life. The King of "Wurttembergr
and other members of the royal family watched
the conflagration for hours.
line, amounting to ; about 36,700,000 cubic
yards. The value of the -work already
doile is estimated at $72,895,023, less con
tingencies estimated at $4,579,005, leaving
an aggregate of $68,316,023.
The offer also embraces all of the ex
isting 70,000 shares of the, Panama Rail
road and Canal Company, except 1100
shares held by individuals in Europe and
the United States. Against this property
are mortgage bonds amounting to $3,439.
000. Of this amount the tanal company
owns $871,000. . It also holds in its treasury
$1,064,000 subject to sale or cancellation,
leaving In the hands of the public J1.504,
000. These bonds bear 4% per cent inter
est. There are also outstanding $906,000 tj
per cent sinking fund bonds. The transfer
also • will include ¦ three passenger and
freight steamers of 7000 tons each. Sum-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL/vTlIKSDAY, JANUARY 21;vl902.
2
r To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take . Laxative (¦: Bromo-Quinlne i Tablets. All
druggists refund the money . If It fails ¦ to cure
E. W. Grove'a signature : la on each box. 2Bc. '
Hunter
BaltimoreRye
; . t
Tho American
Gentleman's Whiskey I
The First Sought
The First Bought
• •
> CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO..Inc. i
• 223-225 California St., San Francisco. Cal. A
» Telephone Main 873.
<K*C3iy^SiK»v>«l:~.Vwi.^^ ¦¦¦ 1 l^ n^^.:.^.... : .,,. > .r^;-;.,^.. v , v^..,^... : ..^ rl .. v . ri|<i .^ 7 ...ft^fl^
M THE CHIIiDREN ENJOY K>
K^P^3EK£ I^if e out of doors and out of the g-ames which they play and the enjoy-* > v 'X*t5^<J
ment which they receive . and the efforts which they make, comes the C^L
greater part of that healthful development which is so essential to their V\
''¦$$&>/ happiness when grown. When a laxative is needed the remedy which is f®^
r Kf'f given to them to cleanse and sweeten and strengthen the internal organs -v3r^
if/ on which it acts, should be such as physicians would sanction, becanse its }* *%.4 l > V s
iff component parts are known, to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from rV^-^V
¦'lit every objectionable quality. The one remedy "which physicians and parents, • AT§P\
Iff ¦ .well-informed; approve and recommend and which the little ones enjoy, '.•ii.-'l'^ %
Ut ; because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action and its beneficial effects, is— /f>»
Syrup of Figs— and for the same reason it ia the only laxative which should \<^Hff%%
I -r^tr- be use & by fathers and mothers. / . •
I !§$$** Syrup of Figs is the only remedy which acts grently, pleasantly and §£%?•?
r J3t^; naturally without griping-, irritating, or nauseating and which cleanses the '?%&**Zl
tZj£<>'&k system effectually, without producing that constipated habit which results &*'****%%
t<¥^^f ¦¦ from the use of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations, and against J? '<~
- V*- <> "V > which the children should be so carefully guarded. If you would have them 3s^L-r^
" : ?§> '& 8 TOW to manhood and womanhood, strong, healthy and happy, do not give
. j'--^ 1^?^,: ' them medicines, when', medicines are not needed, and when nature needs "5^'VSicv
' : ~ > ' J >- J 'd£ • . assistan ce in the way of a laxative, give them only the simple, pleasant and *~ '"^r
''tf&^L gentle— Syrup of Fi ffs- ! $""' 7^\
I • ,Ita quality is due not only to the excellence of the* combination of the .-vc-C^v i ¦¦
! f&& laxative principles of plants with pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, but ¦^•^^t/ ~"
£*'''£* als0 to our original method of manufacture and as you value the health of ?*- ¦f^
'^'i&k'^ the ones, do not accept any of the i substitutes which unscrupulous deal- * •&*' %
•tiflRV*. • ers sometimes offer to increase their profits. The genuine article may be t? • *- V
\ ¦¦*&+ ¦ bought anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty cents per bottle. Please 1 "
to remember, the full name of the Company— .. iOj *V
-¦CP . r-w'> CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.- is printed on V-^W
5vS>ryf9O?~ V&H,; ¦¦' the front of every pack- . . &VP5'
($¥%%&?^<;f£S '\.i- age< fc* order to get its f(V\ v-vTV^? />^ '
Af>>.5 v-s ;i - l ffis*'¥ K > beneficiil e^cts it is al- O^^r <O j%?w 9 rv •*•*
§^Kv '^\\ M- Ih^enw^T to buy r-Q^j : t^^is^J^^!?(THREE THEATRICAL STARS WHO
; ARE APPEARING THIS WEEK IN
LOCAL PLAYHOUSES. ;
\ ' . • • : Alcazar.
1 ; The romantic comedy, ; "For the >Whlti
; Rose,", commenced its second week ' at , th«
Alcazar .Theater " last '. night . to i a well
filled \~ house,;, notwithstanding f the ; raln
M. ~ L. "Alsop *"as >, Larry,, Kavanaugh, th«
hero,: has made a hit, and the other parts
are well sustained by the other, members
; /;>• ---'¦ ' ¦¦ Central. '¦
At the Central : Theater "The . Fire Pa
trol," a' strong comedy-drama In five acts,
"was presented i to " a . large ; audience. *;. The
drama ; is j studded t with >; realistic scenery
and powerful situations .which afford am
ple t opportunity for , the > display ' of . the
talents ', of every i member of the -i Centra)
Theater's - clever stock > company.'.; James
Corrigan, Hairet .Thompson .Willet, Black
man Stanleys Ross i and ; Edwin ;T^ Emery,
and, in ; fact, ; all the members v of ;the i com
pany i appear; to ' advantage • in .the various
roles 'of -rthei' popular drama.-; Miss)-An
nete Marshall, Georgle . Cooper ¦ and i little
Allie'; Cooper; fairly - excelled-; themselves
in' delineation . of; the ; characters • which
they: essayed. . * : , A '-:
The revival of. the: merry comic opera,
''The Toy Maker,'.'* served to draw a large
audience to^the popular Eddy street thea
ter last evening. The play kept the 1 spec
tators In a state of " hilarity. if or .three
hours.' The r work of. Ferris Hartman an^
Annie Meyers earned : ; the ' bulk .' of - the
laughter, and;. applause ' and encores ol
songs and<dance3 were numerous. \ The
entire cast ' and chorus did their .very -best
and" the orchestra added '* to the ' pleasure
of the entertainment. *;The "Toy Maker"
will be i seen . for this \ week only ; and ; It
will ,be ; followed 'next '/week-wlth* a big
production .- of r "The Ameer," in which
•Frank Daniels made a big hit. ;. In "The
Ameer" . Miss 'Annie Lichter" and Miss
Frances', Graham will '.make their reap
pearance'at the Tivoli and are sure' to be
royally." welcomed. . > ¦ >-•'''
i California.
. A ;: large .and appreciative audience wat
present to ..witness, the second rendering oi
Shakespeare's ;"Julius Caesar" ,•; at , th<
California last nighti The ." majesty • anc
the beauty of . the 'wonderful tragedy, ar<
admirably portrayed by. ; the -Warde - com
pany and the ." production Is : one- whlct
should certainly not be .missed by thos<
who can appreciate a worthy presenta
tion of one of the greatest plays of th<
inspired dramatist.' •¦ : -. : - - v.
Warde as Marc Antony held his hearer:
enthralled ; and the oration over.. Caesar" «
body ; evoked ¦ applause which : has seldon
been equaled at the California. , Charles
D. . Herman as - Brutus :. was only f airlj
good in the first part of the play,- but ap
peared most advantageously In the quar
rel ; with Cassius and on - the ' plains o)
Phlllppl. Barry Johnstone as - Cassius' if
second ' only to 'Warde '.¦ In ' ; popular ' ap
proval. The rest of the cast is good anc
furnishes fitting support to ¦ the .leaders.
Orpheum they will . return i to the legiti
mate drama, having become members of
the Grand Opera-house j stock . company.
Ada Arnoldson, "the . Swedish sweet sin
ger,", one of the new numbers at the
Orpheum, ¦ made a good impression last
night, and the twin .Taylor sisters, who do
a musical "stunt". on skates, made them
selves sure. of being among the favorites
during the rest of their stay. The Da
Coma family, /'phenomenal acrobats,".- are
six in number. and the feats they perform
are marvelous. -' Strength, quickness ana
grace are combined in every. one, of their
numerous tricks. , . • : ¦
¦ ,' . ' v/». . .v-Qrpheum. ..._.' -¦,..¦:,.;'
,,',.; This week's ; show; at\ the Orpheum is ¦ a
very. good one.V.'.The ; three; Faust sisters ; •
Inaudi; J the \ mathematical ] marvel: ' Buck-'
ner;KtheUnck Vblcyclist.Vand iKarW : the
wonderful ; ; Juggler, * who / are > hold-overs *
are still favorites with the audience, i Mr.
and Mrs. Crane, | in | their, sketch ,
."Am • I a "Wife, V are <¦ as '¦ popular ; as ever.
This isithelr. last .week on .the vaudeville
stage, upon which for, the last five months
they • have made such a success. .Upon
the conclusion of their engagement at the
¦¦• ,'..¦•..- ¦ -¦ f," Svi;. •/•--•¦;•- .,-....
Iraws So Not Beach the Mayor.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 20.— Dr. Beat
ty, secretary of the State Board of
Health, stated this afternoon that Dr.
Condon, city health officer of Ogden, had
advised him that, the City Attorney of
Ogden has so far refused to take action
in the matter of arresting Mayor Glas
mann. being of the opinion that the laws
were inadequate and did not cover a case
of quarantine violation by the Mayor.
The health authorities at Ogden have
Icsued orders barring Mayor Glasmann's
children from the public schools for the
present.
• Herschell , Mayall .- as the wicked ; Don
Jose, the political prime : minister, whose
favorite method of dealing with men and
things : was by * the system now, known I as
'.'the double cross,"; was in his best vein,
and thoroughly, identified himself with^the
character. < Mr.\ Mayall's acting runs •- to
extremes— he does things either very Dad-'
ly or surprisingly 'well— and he does ", the
part "of; Don* Jose ( . well; I his
rich, ¦ deep '.voice -, and '. clean-cut ; elocution
being especially enjoyable.'! The humor I of
the , play i is - well carried: out '. by. H.v D.
Byers and " Mary,- Bankson, • -- the * ¦ Marquis
and Marchioness ' de la -'-Rotunda. •-, The
scenery,. Is? arranged' with' am eye > to 'the
artistic and . the costumes are elegant and'
correct; ¦>->>'-/'^\~';. , .'.':\..'/ 'H :; '-•.\,' "-¦¦¦¦
"The young •'. romantic j actor," ; Edwin
Arden, • chose to r make his first bow this
"seasoir In the i songless \ version ¦ of 'the
opera of ¦ "Maritana,",. and j as Don Caesar
de Bazan to share in the hopes, ambition*,,
Joys and sorrows of the good and beauti
ful who sang in the streets of Spain
for coppers ¦ and who -repulsed the ¦ love ' of
a king to preserve, her honor I as a~ wife."
Mr. Arden was r received last nlghtrwith
true Calif ornlan r hospitality by a large,
interested -and generous audience.- .¦.-¦His
support was bo excellent and the roles' so
fitly cast -that. the star and the* leading
members of the stock company seemed to
be on a "level in all . but • the characters
they.: portrayed. . i ¦"¦. ...,- v s ~ \ :v
1 He ; has ( a j pleasing 3 presence, ] a V good
voice and a manner that suits the part qf
the rollicking, reckless and" brave soldier
of fortune. Several calls , before th© ¦ cur
tain for him and Laura Nelson . Hall, i the
Maritana of the play, testified to the sat
isfaction ¦ of •, the : audience.. Seldom 'has
Miss Hall appeared, to so much advantage
as she did last night. In all her acting and
in , all the : scenes and . phases of dramatic
emotion '< there • could ;not- be ; one
flaw. She displayed several : rich and be
coming costumes, which .were > the subject
of approving, feminine comment ail over
the house.. . ;• :. r .- , r^
Grand Opera-House.
not so good as he deserves, and met with
strong favor. -Another good voice is Dor
othy Hunting's, who plays the part of the
Princess' page. She sings admirably with
a deep, ; rich, very sympathetic contralto,
and is a handsome ' and shapely young
person. Hubert Wilkle is a dashing and
tunefuPDuke of Burgundy; ,W. A. - Law
rence, . Neil ' McNeil and Leary are a trio
who take excellent ¦ care of the comedy;
Edna Floyd is a. bewitching soubrette and
the rest of the cast, Is all acceptably tta
ken. "The Princess Chic" should see ex
cellent business. : "¦¦ ¦'•¦¦•.
Miss- Berrl cornea back to her home a
full-fledged light opera star, . and it is dif
ficult to believe that she assumed , her
present role of , the Princess Chic and only
within the last few weeks. . She acts with
much aplomb,- spirit and Intelligence and
has a full, sweet soprano .voice , that < is
heard to excellent advantage In. the? role.
Her . handsome . stage presence | Is ;. well I set
off by the rich costumes of the part," and
altogether the California singer , Is a de
cided success. . >- . v.
-The best voice in the company Is owned
by Edward 8. Metcalfe, who has a round,
deep, sweef basso -that' recalls 'Eugene
Cpwles at bis best He ha» jcood wnja/
Ueary, well-beloved, of all good Tivoli
goers, to begin with; Maude Lillian
Berrl, - the Oakland girl who has slipped
so cleverly Into Marguerite Sylva's hand
some topboots; and a dash of "The Sing- 1
Ing Girl," "Robin Hood,". ; "Lohengrin"
and what , not^. in the " way.: of \ former . ac
quaintances in v the score. A good deal, of
"The Princess Chic" has been lifted— but
well lifted— from" other operas, but alto
gether it falls Into one of the prettiest
and most tuneful light operas that have
been seen here. There is some more than
commonly good concerted work, ' ambi
tiously : conceived* and 'Well carried out,'
and there are a few very . pretty lyrics.
The- plot Is occasionally- visible to ; the
naked eye, and, while reasonably ingeni
ous, does not suffer from any too painful
originality. The. opera is excellently
staged, dressed in handsomest fashion,
and competently cast -from principals
down to the last chorus. maid. Even, the
comedians carry voices round with them,
and since dainty Alice Nielsen's day there
has been no such singing onMhe : local
Comic opera stage. The chorus owns some
audible_tenors and is drilled into a stun
ning efficiency, singing with delightful
voice and snap throughout.
Mr. Leary was the first of the - local
lights to make his - appearance, and .was
simply hustled Into the enormity of a
' speech in the first minutes of tho opera.
Every time he opened his mouth to nave
another try at Mr. La Shelle's libretto,
the audience drowned him out with im
perious applause, until he had: said "How
' d'ye- do?" to : them. It was too bad, be
cause Mr. Leary had a nice little ora^
tlon prepared, that came off later "with
due honors, however, and in which he ex
pr/essed the private opinion of ;;; all San
Franciscans, "that when you -get away
from Market and Powell streets you are
only out camping, and. that's what -Teddy
Hartman means when he talks about the
"effete East.'-" After; referring feelingly
to "fraternal nights" spent with a large
portion of the audience, to his Tivoli
days, to 'Gene Schmltz and his new band
up the City Hall, with ex-Mayor Phelan
as bass drum, ,the comedian retired to
hearty "applause. -He has a good part- as
Chambertin, and ' acts with all : his old
spirit,- fun,: and clean,fine humor.'. ? ,
Miss ' Berri was , also 4very . favorably i re
ceived, 1^ and i was showered with - flowers.'
She also ' was compelled ' to make a little
speech, V that - was . as . graceful as It • was
short. ;•• *:;••¦¦. r l .. .,.; , ~ ,-' .' ;. .
IT "WAS a greeting. to old friends all
round last night at - the Columbia
Theater, with "The Princess Chic"
as attraction. '. There was .Tommy
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 20 The warmth of
the coming town election In Sausallto is
already felt In that locality. "Jake'^ Ru
dolph of San Francisco is said to have
taken up his residence there. In Itself
this 1b immaterial, but as Jacob was a
lieutenant of former "Boss" Buckley and
has performed many stunts with slx-
Ehooters In the course of a turbulent ca
reer, the good people of Sausallto - are
wondering and not a few are taking time
by the forelock and oiling up their pom
pons.
•. The friends' of Mayor Adolph Sylva,
who is fighting the poolroom element and
has announced himself a candidate for
re-election, believe that the poolroom peo
ple have sent Rudolph over to ambuscade
Sylva and turn him. over to the Coroner.
Sylva says he is not afraid of all the Ru
dolphs alive. The friends of "Billyh Har
rison, who conducts an opposition pool
room, believe that Rudolph's coming is
-a threat against Harrison's life. There
have been no hostilities, but rumors are
thick and b,ip pockets are laden with iron.
It is Bald that more than 100 "colonists"
have arrived to vote for the poolrooms in
the coming town election. ¦
Interests Precedes the
Election. ,
Evidence of 'the Activity of Poolroom
"COLOHTSTS" ABE MAKING
SATJSALITO THKIJbl HOME
Calif ornians in Washington.
"WASHINGTON,. Jan. 20.— The following
Calif ornians are here: At the National—
D. O. Lincoln of San Francisco; at the
Ebbitt — Frank A. Jones of San Francisco;
at the Cochran — S. P. Nichols and wife
of San Francisco; at the Albany— J. B.
Harris of Monrovia. .
Hural Carriers Organize.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— Twenty-five rural
mail carriers of Santa Clara County met
and organized a branch of the National
Association of Rural Letter Carriers. One
of the objects of the organization Is to
bring about a better understanding of the
business that comes under their direction.
The officers of the branch, are: G. A.
Murray. H. A, Butts. C. Townsend. C. H.
Vodden. L. A. Morrison and J. Hoard.
At the time of his death Martin had dis
posed of all the 4000 acres of land wjth
the exception of about 200 acres, and this
property was given to the children by his
second marriage. It is said that the
owners of the land affected will contest
the suit, on the ground that the North
Carolina heirs had previously been settled
with by their father..
Many years ago. It is said, a woman,
supposed to be one of Martin's daughters,
appeared in Gilroy and saw Martin. The jr
had a number of conferences, and it was
rumored at the time that Martin had made
a settlement with his North Carolina rela
tives. The woman left town and nothing
more wan . ever heard of her. Martin
never spoke of the affair to oursiders, but
It is supposed that he confided the se
cret to some of his family.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— The suit recently
brought by Emma Moore and Susan
Spragln, daughters of John J. Martin, the
old Gllroy pioneer, to recover property
formerly owned by their father, . is at
tracting much. attention in the southern
end of Santa Clara. County, where the
land Is situated. Title to 4000 acres Is af
fected by the suit,- and some of this land
had been sold before Martin's death. Ac
cording to gossip In Gllroy, the old pion
eer had expected trouble of this kind. It
is uald that he twice married Elizabeth
McPherson. the last time after his first
wife, Nancy Dalton Martin, had ob
tained a divorce from him. The statement
that none of Martin's relatives knew of
his whereabouts until three years ago is
denied by old • residents of Gilroy, who
say that the story that John Martin had
another family In North Carolina had
been known for twenty years.
Hade by John Martin's East
ern, Heirs.
Residents Will Contest the Claims
SUITS INVOLVE MUCH
LAND ARQTTinD GELROY
The schooner Manila, which has reached
port from Honolulu,, made the passage
in fifteen days. She brought no news of
the Condor, but when about 200 miles out
the Manila sighted a quantity of lumber,
evidently part of the deckload of some
vessel. From a. distance It looked as
though there were some spars among the
wreckage. The Manila did not go close
to the wreckage.
afternoon. After a trial trip to the
Btralts, to test her recently overhauled
engines, she will make a cruise in the
vicinity of Cape Flattery before proceed
ing to Honolulu, and in all probability
•will speak the Inbound Australian liner
Mcana to inquire If she brings advices of
the missing warship. * .
The Moana is expected to reach port
to-morrow and with her coming, news
•will be given from the Islands to January
15. forty-two days from the time the Con
dor sailed from Esquimau. As the sail
ing vessels usually make the voyage to
Honolulu in about half that time, the
vrarship should have arrived. If she has
sot been lost.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. -20.— H. M. S.
Phaeton, left Esquimau this afternoon to
cruise between Victoria and Honolulu in
search for the missing warship Condor.
The Admiralty Is much alarmed regard-
Ing the safety of the sloop-of-war and on
Saturday orders were received from Lon
don by cable for the PKketon to proceed
to eea and for the Egeria. which was in
the dry dock undergoing repairs, to bold
herself In readiness to proceed at a mo
ment's notice. On the receipt of these
orders from the Admiralty the work of
repairing was suspended on the Egerla
and she Is ready to go to Eea.
The Phaeton left at 3:30 o'clock this
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hears No Tidings of tho Sloop Since
Her Departure From Esqui
malt Forty-Twt> Days
Ago.
Eritish Admiralty Is Losing
Hope as Days Pass
Without News.
The First National has a capital of $200,
000 and a surplus of $55,000. Among the
published list of stock directors is H. W.
Cannon of the Chase National Bank of
New York. ¦ '
Matteson was secretary of the Great
Falls Business Men's Association, a prom
inent society man and a member of one of
the leading churches. He was never
known to live extravagantly. Before
leaving: the city this morning for Helena
he turned over property and money esti
mated to be worth about $20,000.
Arrangements have been made whereby
the loss will be made up and the stand
ing of the bank sustained; "
- Matteson was brought back from Helena
this evening and locked up in the City
Jail. He refuses to make any statement,
and when he tries to talk his emotion is
such that he breaks down and cries like
a child.
GREAT FALLS, Mont, Jan. 20.—Her
bert H. Matteson was arrested in Helena
this morning, charged with the embezzle
ment of 125,000 from the First- National
Bank of this city, having, it is said, used
the bank's money In heavy speculation in
stocks. Matteson' a exact shortage .Is a
matter of doubt, estimates varying from
$25,000 to WSO.000. "- .--"
The shortage has been known by the
bank official* for several days, but had
been kept a secret until fuller investiga
tion had been made. The money appro
priated by Matteson -was on deposit with
correspondents in the East and was lost
in stock gambling.
Matteson made a full confession to Bank
Examiner Lazear this morning and stated
that he had made considerable money on
rising copper stocks, but -when, the slump
came he attempted to cover on long deals
until he became hopelessly involved. .His
transactions were made in Boston and
New York. Besides losing money belong
ing' to depositors of the bank he claimed
to-day that he lost also $40,000 which had
been left him by his father, who died sev
eral months ago. His wife went East
four days ago In an effort to secure money
to moke her husband's deficiency good,
but failed and the arrest followed.
Disgraced Official Is Ui
Arrest and Unable to
Give" Bonds. f
Cruiser Leaves Port in
Quest of Missing
"Warship.
Cashier of a Great Falls
Bank Short in His
Accounts. i
PUTS OUT
TO SEARCH
FOR CONDOR
STOCK GAMBLING
LEADS TO CRIME
OLD FRIENDS ARE GREETED
AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER
CHINESE FORCE
INVADES KOREA
DISEASE INVADES
LASSEN'S TEPEES
. - ' '¦¦''/.¦' ' ' :'.'¦- .'¦ . • • ¦ . ¦ ¦ ' " ' ' ' : . ¦ '.'-'•¦ .
California!^ Fill Star Rolcis in "The Princess Chic.?'
Warde's ProductioiiiFinds Fayor.
quate to Repel the
Raiders.
Means of Defense Inade-
Epidemic of Smallpox
/- Breaks Out Among
Indians.
in a Conflagration in
Canton.
Two Hundred Lives Are Lost
Appeal for Assistance Is Sent
to the Department in
Washington.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 20.— News of
more. rebellions in China was 1 received .by
the Victoria, which ""arrived to-day from
the Orient, having sailed from. Yokohama
on the 7th.- There Is a story from Korea
that several thousand Chinese have
crossed the Tumen' into Korea, but as to
the object of the raid nothing Is said. The
telegram says the, local' means of resist
ance are inadequate. !&&w£H8|HJ
¦ The Japanese Mall says it r would seem
that there is some serious insurrection at
Ping L.u ; Hien.;_ in Kangsu, where the
fatal wounding • of a. missionary and .a
number , of j Christian converts took place.
The Governor of the district has been re
moved from his post and the viceroy of
Kangsu, together with the - Governor of
Shansi, -have ' been ordered -to combine
their forces to : quell the . disturbance.
. A : conflagration . is Veported from Can
ton,. where several hundred houses were
destroyed and ¦ a; large number of lives
lost — some reports say 200. The Canton
correspondent of the .China Mail says: ,
"A : number , of bodies ¦ have been recov
ered from an alleyway, but the chief dis
aster, occurred in and around a' pond. * It
appears that the S exit of the unfortunate
people was cut off. The flames made es
cape . lrhposslble. In their rush and con
sternation some .were- burned to death and
others trying to flee from the flames fell
into .the water • and ' were drowned."
Convent Is Freed of Debt.
. SAN: RAFAEL,, Jan. 20.— A release of
mortgage for $33,000 against the Domini
can Convent In this city was filed here
to-day. This leaves the institution free
of debt, i The money was raised by con
tributions from friends ot the college.
of the stock company. There are enough
exciting situations to stir { the blood of
the most phlegmatic. "The Danites" will
be presented next week. ¦ ,
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
REDDING,. Jan. 39.— Smallpox has
broken out among the Indians at Susan
ville, Lassen County, and on the reser
vation and allotments in the vicinity of
that town. "William E. Casson of this
city, special allotment agent, received a
dispatch* this morning , from Chairman
Goumaa of ¦ the Lessen County Board of
Supervisors 1 and T. A. Roseberry, Regis
ter .of the Susanvllle Land Office, an
nouncing that smallpox . had broken out
amgng the Indians and that the authori
ties there were unable . to maintain a
Quarantine. Casson was .urged to do
what. he could to stop the spread of the
disease.
To The Call correspondent Casson said
that he did not believe he had any au
thority to act, but that he had notified
the department In Washington, and was
confident something would be done im
mediately. -
Smallpox among Indians is usually ac
companied by great mortality. The first
thing an Indian does when he becomes
sick Is to cover himself with blankets
until he perspires freely and then Jump
Into cold water. When an Indian has
smallpox and follows this course he gen
erally goes to the happy hunting grounds.
The situation at Susanvllle is serious
and quick action will be necessary to pre
vent an epidemic among whites as well
as Indians. -
. BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 20.— Dr. "McKen
zie, at whose home In Kern City thero
are supposed to be two cases of smallpox,
declares that the physicians who diag
nosed the case are In error and that if
the quarantine is not raised at once ho
will appeal to the courts. Drs. Taggart
and Shafer have pronounced the disease
smallpox, and,- as Dr. Taggart Js the
health . officer of Kern Cminty, it is not
lively that be will consent to have the
quarantine raised. Because of the. sup
posed case of smallpox in Kern the
schools have been closed for a week.
STOCKTON. Jan. 2O.-The public
schools, which have ..been closed for two
weeks owing to the presence of smallpox
here, reopened this morning.
Chutes.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. Hazel Callahan
and Prosper F.orrest appeared in a clever
terpslchorean sketch which scored a big
hit. Du i Bell, the aerial wonder, does
some of the most daring balancing In mid
air ever seen here. The Glrdellers are
clever acrobats and Introduce several new
feats in their line. Other good numbers
are Barrington: In Imitations of musical
Instruments, Mullally sisters, singers and
dancers, and Nellie Montgomery, In pop
ular ballads. A series of new moving pic
tures conclude a strong bill.
SOLDIER COUGHS UP v-*
• TIP OP A BAYONET
Supposed Victim of Consumption Sur
prises Doctors and Will
Regain Health.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2O.-»Af ter having •
been given up to die* of what the doctors
supposed was consumption. James W.
Plunkett, a veteran soldier of the regular
army, coughed up tho tip of a bayonet
to-day and probably : will recover his
health, t :
Plunkett, . who is a soldier of twenty
years' experience and who last saw ser
vice with the Forty-first United States
Volunteer Infantry, Is unable to account
for the bayonet tip In his lungs, but sup
poses - h« must have, swallowed It ¦with.
food, and that It "went the wrong way."
He often used his bayonet as a can
opener, and presumably the point broke
off in the canned meat.
Symphony Conceit Sale.
. . The success of the second series of sym
phony concerts under the auspices of tho
San Francisco Symphony Society, to take
place at the Grand Opera-house . on the
Friday afternoons of January 21 and Feb-'
ruary 14 and 28, Is • assured. . Yesterday
morning . the season sale began at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s, and all day long a line
of subscribers was engaged in selecting
choice locations. The. prices are agree
able . to all purses, ranging from $1 25 to
$3 GO for the three concerts, according to
the location of . the seats. Director Paul
Stelndorff and his excellent orchestra
have in rehearsal many symphonic novel
ties and promise excellent programmes,"
-which will be announced later. The sea
son ' sale * -will < last until : Saturday evening
at 5 o'clock. '.'.'-¦ • ..- ¦ . ¦ . ,
SAN JOSE. Jan: 20.— NolTwto Coronado. con
victed of the nrarder of Frank Narona, wai
to-day sentenced to life imprlsoinnent In San
Quentln. Defendant's attorney obtained a writ
o£ probable cause, and. Coronado will remain
In fall here pending an appeal to tho Suprema
Court. .^ -7. . -¦ .
THE SAN; FRANCISCO :CALL,^ TO
3
Pears
"Beauty is /but skin-
deep " was probably meant
to disparage beauty. „ Irir
stead „ it tells how easy
* that beauty is to attain. ,
"There is no ; } beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. I iistead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means |
n of health to the skin^' and -
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold, all over the world.
AJJVESTISElCEUrS.
66 B§e Won't Die
Of consumption" is a remark often made
of a fleshy man. The remark expresses
the popular recognition of the fact that
the sign of consumption is emaciation,
loss of flesh. On >-¦»*.
tile other V»qTM^, a /^~#^Sk
gain in flesh is v\.
sure sign that wast- r^jft/Abg^
ing fH 'erases are (Is gk
/ Cmaciated peo-
pie with obsdeate
coughs, bleeding Mg^*$!g$tt J
itmgs,
and weakness, hav*s W^^^^^^^^^m
cured by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Golden j^F^ (fe&k I
Medical Discovery. w£§bCZ££?J
The several steps WkM&SSSb
of the care were re- W^X&ma
corded is ounces I^^^^m
and pounds of in- wE^aSBB ;
creasing weight. fe^^^i
\v T hea there is gain »??£* ul<mh
in flesh the \rasting w^ Mcll
disease is being S^Sf
Mr.TKlll H-Whitmire,
of Artclon, Roddag- 6* r
lxam Co^ va., writes : «Oor «oa contracted a
deep cold &bont the first of July, 1899. and had a
terrible cough. We called a doctor and he pro-
nounced it irritation of the bronchial tabes, with
asthmatic trouble, and he iof onaed xoe that my
eon was liable to die at any tine, lie told me
that if we could keep the bronchial tubes open,
he might cere him; bat cfter treatia g him severe]
weelcs aad sty son growingr worse all the time,
I concluded to try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery and * Pleasant Pellets.* I bad seen
several ?iy">«* miraculous cures brought about
by the use of these medicines, and of course I
liad wonderful faith in them. He used three
bottles of ' Golden Medical Discovery ' at home
end one vial of the ' Pellets,' and was then well
' enough to go to West Virginia, taking- a supply
with him. I p™ just in receipt of a letter from
him from -which I quote : * / am tueU and hardy
and getting vayJUihy.' "
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
icoS large pages is sent free on receipt of
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 31 one-cent stamps for the cloth-
bound volume or only 21 stamps for the
book in paper covers. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce. Bnffalo, N. Y.
IT GOES WiTKoS SAYING
That mail orders have our promptest at-
tention. In fact, Uncle Sam, through bis
excellent Postoffice Department, Is one
of our greatest helps In filling orders. If
you want an aristocracy of quality In
. your laundry work use the nearest post
box.
No Baw edces.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Off»c«— 54- San Pablo Ave.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
! i irr~- iii i iimiiinrr rti imnl >iT rrknniniii
Outside of the value you get when
ordering one of our $IO made'-to- I
order suits, you have the satisfaction J
of knowing that you are fully pro- 1
teoted in your purchase. (When the I
package arrives at your home, try j
on the suit. If any alteration is ne- I
cessary we will call for it and send
it out to youFagain. Then if every-
hing is not satisfactory we wilKoffer
.-iy.ou your choice of allowing us to j
make you another suit at no extra I
charge or return your; money, flf I
. : "you keep the^suit and are pleased, I
-you can have it repaired free at any I!
rtime within a year. Infect, should jl
: you wish it pressed, bring it in any time. We il
J • are determined to. please you—-we want to 1 1
obtain your -trade by deserving it. IJ
, We would be pleased to give you samples of 1 1
these, $ io \made-to-order suits— we will give a 1 1 -
plentiful supply for the asking. II
v ;_.v j And the value that is found in^ our fuits— 1 1
- but .' that's another" story. Anyway you can I j
.guess;at it when you remember that the clothes 1 1
" are sold on the money- back plan. If
- ,:' Sufis for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made \\
\f i through our self-measuring system. Write for samples. I I
p.- 7i8 Market St.* arid | [
J : Cor. PpweirSr Eddy Sts. I]Kathleen Parlow, the child violinist,
who " is visiting at the home of H. A.
Moss In this city, hails rrom Calgary,
and many of the members of the West
ern Canada Press Association • have
known her since ehe was a wee bit of a
tot. When this remarkable young' vir
tuoso appeared in the Press Club Jinks
room yesterday and -w*s v Introduced as
a noted daughter of Calgary, the Cana
dian journalists were delighted. But it
was after she had rendered one number
on the violin their enthusiasm .broke
loose. The little miss was encored time
and again, and the northerners pressed
to grasp her hand and shower
trips to Chinatown. Golden Gate Park.
the Cliff House and up beautiful Tamal
pais; but it is dpubtful if any feature
of the entertainment arranged for them
during their tour of California was more
pleasing than an event on yesterday's
programme.
MEMBERS of . the Western-.Can
ada Press Association, with
their wives and daughters,
gathered in the rooms of ) the
Press" Club on Ellis street yes
terday for a social and executive session.
Since their arrival in San Francisco the
visitors have been kept "on the go" with
praises upon her. She played "-several
classical selections fn "superb style. ~. r •.-,¦';
Superior Judge Hebbard^ ani behalf .of :
the club, bade the visitors welcome. "His ¦.'
impromptu speech was. witty and in good •
taste. ".'¦..• ,, ' ': ",
In executive session the members of the
association decided to leave on their re
turn trip' to Ogden, Salt Lake and St.
Paul this evening. -Resolutions- were
passed thanking those who have helped
to make their ' visit to. : California a
memorable one. ~1 • —
"(j?At;tb.e CorQh'adoibpwling^alley- last night
the Eugene Club defeated the Nationals in
an ; exciting *¦ game. 1 1 The 1 EchoV Club j % beat
the : El : Dorados ; in ' s; a'> rather ,i Interesting
same at^the, San "Francisco bowling' alley..
Bowling. at^Twd* Alleys^;
.Frank VWard. was -held ; to answer, before
the' Superior, Court by p Judge Canlan'yes
terday^ on the ; charge! of ; burglary; In ¦ $500
bonds. ~ He and another man 'broke into a
bonded ¦ car! of • the. Southern 2 Pacific Com
pany I at Seventh : and King streets ; on I the
morning: of January .17.-% Ward was chased
and captured; but : the other man escaped
Held for Burglary.
Seeks for^ Information. ¦¦.
•Mayor Sctirriitz has 'received a 1 cqmmuril
cation^f rom - E. ;H.opewell •' Warner, V an'at
torney; of j Baltimore,^Md.'^ asking ffor .in- :
•formatiori. I" regarding : . Thomas ': *Edwara
Cullreth; of -iDenton.^-Carolineif County,
Maryland," who left 1 there inl850. ,; He : wa3
;lastj heard ior^ in -California;? sevens years
ago. 1 ;. His mother's uncle wants . the infpr"
mation.- --;¦ v :¦ •;. :.-_¦ ¦¦ ;". ; '- ; '; vI ,-:p -. •-.
Samuel 905 j Pacific ' street, tee
cured . : : a."', warrant j froitn"4 Judge '.'Cabaniss
1 yesterday ; f pr ¦: the ', arrest-, of 1 Mrs: : Hercu
lana ,Valdez ; on ' the! felony 'charge* of/ ad
. ministering poison ? to ' his ; dog/ •' She was^
accused of .'¦> poisoning,- five n dogs iln ,the
neighborhood. ¦ ; She; Is ; an old ', woman ' and
denies the charge. - She -was -arrested land
released, on S25 cash 1 bail. ~-: , > "•- v ,¦ ¦.;.-¦¦:"--
Accused of Dogs.
Chamber, of S Commerce 'to- Meet.
;• The; annual meeting "pf the Chamber of
.Commerce; wiH.be'; held^ati2 'o'clock ".this
aiterhoon.v The -Usual ¦ annual ' reports \ will
be s presented j and also a* report ( from iWil
11am w M;*^: Bunker. " representative ,. of ' tho
chamber In Washington.^D.-C:; in regard
to matters pertaining to local commercial
interests j at the_ national capital.',..' Several
¦members, will: make', short- addresses '.on
subjects 1 of •: importance ¦¦? to Ithe •" organiza
tion/-"^ *¦:¦:• -':¦¦.'¦¦¦/.:.. '-.-. -,:.;¦¦ :.'.:..- -.^•'•- -¦:
'. The j suit ; of Joseph •. Thorn '•? against ; the
Yellowstone \ Mining 4 ; Company, "- the : Net-'
tleton Mining •¦ Company; : John ' H: Miller
and others '= was t remanded % yesterday, to'
the Superior Court of Marlposa County by
United States Circuit: Judge Morrow." The
suit Is, to quiet title to the.Nettleton mine
and. was brought • in ; Marlnosa " County: ; ;•¦
Mining Suit Remanded.
v The ' Hayes "Valley "Athletic ;. Club i will
hold ? its exhibition • In'": the- Me
chanics'' Pavilion VAnnex^a this ; , evening/
Fred '. : - Muller, v . an '<i old-time .« professional
boxer,S; has ', i turned -.: "amateur"; . for,; the
nonce and > will I appear, in the main- event
with -."Cyclone"? Kelly, j ' . ¦-.-¦-<. ¦ * -. ¦ .
-¦-.,; Charlie » Reno, the "Father Time — of the
amateur -' feather-weight .;> champions, v.r is
thinking about • entering 'I the * list > again.
He , will .« probably > be V seen 1 in ¦ the , next
Olympic w Club tournament. " ! ; ¦"- >.-.- ¦¦ •.
¦'¦'•:- ''". --;;¦; : ;¦:¦¦ '"¦ • ;t.v.-- -v:- 1 - :v-'- ; . ¦ ¦¦:¦ •
:. Lou Houseman, manager for 'Jack Boot;
arrived iruthis' city t aV few; days - ago and
will 1 look; after; his man's 'interests.; Ale^
Greggalns Is watching : over Gardner? v , "¦
--* Gardner : is> working . at ( the 1 Millet road
house s near Baden.; He j has. quite a . staff
of, boxers to .work. with. Andy Gallagher
better known • as ; ."Medals" ; < Jimmy Britt ,
champion v amateur 'lightweight ; of .'the
coast; /'Dave fBarry i" and Billy r Snallham
are •¦ working the*' Lowell •" boxer. •- .
> .*. Barry .has been 'ailing, for the last week.
He', is, suffering: from an ' attack < of ¦ ma
laria, but Is on, the, road: to 'recovery.
improvement in boxing. has been so great
that Greggains' is -frying ;to -match him
against Al-'Nelll 'or some .other clever
man. V" ""' -." ¦..;¦--. : '~*~" r: :¦. ~ r -..r.- '.'-"¦ ,-.*' ...' ; . <¦'-. ,. .^"~ -. .
-George Gardner /¦ . and Jack Root are
training 1 f. faithfully,;: for ' {' their,- coming
twenty-round 'i battle, which : is f to ' be held
in'Mechanics' Pavilion oh Friday evening,
January ;31, , under' the.' auspices V of ! the
San f Francisco VAthletic: Club.:, This will
be, a championship /battle and' will decide
who- is entitled' to the laurelsin the mid
dle-weight-.division.' '>.;./ .; -¦; : ¦ ¦: -.,-.¦-¦ ¦
Coming -Contest— Hayes Valley
f V; Bouts :To-Niglit.^; ,'.'. .
Middle-Weights Preparing ¦ f ori Their
ROOT ANI> GARDNER .ARE '
TRAINING FAITHFTJIJjY
i, CHEYENNE,' Wyb., Jan:' 2Q.— Peter Ber
gerson, a [ member rt&fj the\Cheyenne Rifle
Club, yesterday 'broke the world's /record
for f": 100 1 consecutive , ¦ shots," \ offhand,' 1^200
yards range, standard American' target.
His total score was" 895, beating the pre
vious- record; of 889,' "held * by S Marksman
Kelly of the Walnut Hill ; Club of:Massa
chusetts. .; .Bergerson's t average .- was ,; 89V2,'
while that iOf- the- previous champion was
88 9-10;- , , ¦;'¦ ¦¦;:¦:¦:", ¦¦..>. -'¦¦.,- :. :-\-W>m
m Bergerson's" shooting ' was strictly^ off
hand,; no 'palm* rest 1 of -any- kind: being
used.' > Bergerson ' hblds the . world's ; record
for ten -consecutive j shots offhand, 200
yard range, at. 93 out! of. a possible 100. •••..
Break's World's Record' Shooting.'
Dr. Adams Speaks.
Dr. Adams of Grace Church spoke at, a
meeting of tbe Congregational Ministers,
h«!d at tJie Young Men's Chrlftian"Asso
ciation building yesterday, on "Preaching
to Men." '. , " .'•. . t V
•"' Sixth'" race, six and a half furlongs-Colonel
Stone ¦ won, . Blue : Ridge second, Digby BeU'
third.' Time, .1:21?4. .,..
' ,i Fourth race, | handicap;; six and ; a half fur
longs—^Andes won, : Scarlet Lilly second, Gran
.tor third/ -Time, 1:19%. ,-;•?¦ ' y- . • :¦._ -
!• Fifth race,'- selling, one 'mile and ari eighth-
Star Cotton won. Campus ' second, Prince Real
third -Time. 1:54. ¦ ,;--:.:.. V . .; -
Racing Results , at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 20.— Crescent City
summary: •'¦¦ . ' . :¦ '• : " ; " ¦¦; : ¦ ¦' ¦ i
I First race, one roile, - selling— Dr. '• Hurl won,
Franks Jones : second. L«roy.-. D -third. Time,
.1:42%> V '- "¦ ; ¦•• -•' ' • ¦¦•¦"'.
• ;* Second race,' .selling, seven furlongs-— Ecome
won. Queen . W » second, Poyntz third. " Time,
11:29.;-; ¦:¦•?, ¦¦: , -,-..-'¦ t ¦.•.'•>.. .->'.'"¦ - ¦¦ : *.-. .'
- .Third race, one mile and seventy yards, Bell
•ing — Eva"' < Rice 'won, Sir"- Florlan second.
Pirate's Queen third. ¦ Time, 1 :44}J. - ;-' \: ¦:' -
John Ivans, ! the j Mendoclno > stage rob
ber, pleaded guilty In £he United States
District Court yesterday to'an indictment
charging him;, with robbing a carrier, of
United States, malls. The prisoner was
ordered to appear for sentence to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock.
Stage-Robber Ivans Guilty.
Sailor Dies; of Fractured Skull.
Henry WUsbn^.a sailor. on the German
ship Peru, died at the Harbor Hospital
last; evening." ' Saturday evening Wilson
fell off the Jlission-street wharf. He was
dmeged out and taken to .the hospital,
where it" was -found that he bad received
a fractured skull. . . ...
Charles B. Kadley Is Missing.
Charles B. Hadley, ' subscription,
cashier and accountant, for the Examiner,
was reported to the police yesterday, as
being missing and the department iwas re
quested-*o make a search for him. -Hart
ley left his office last Thursday evening
shortly before 6 o'clock, since which time
no trace of his whereabouts has been" dis
covered.- The missing man has been con
nected with the < Examiner for the past
fourteen years, and no reason can be as
signed for his mysterious disappearance.
Selections for To-Day.
First Kace-^Eldred,' Tiburon,' Alzura.
p Second Kace— Royal Rogue, Marellw, Ben
dara. S.'jfc- -'...-' ' '. . 4 : .. -.'- ' ¦ . .'.','
; Third! Race— Sea Lion, ¦ Coming _ Event; King
Dellis: . ; . " ¦ : :
» Fourth Race— Kenilworth, Rey Dare, The
Fretter./ : . - /. ¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ . ,-: ' . £
-¦Fifth Race— Tower^ of "Candles, Duckoy,
Gusto.;- ;*? ¦...¦;" .::,':
•Sixth, Race — Floronso.. Quadra, Sir Lewis.
..The committees who have;the;arrange
ments in charge are as follows :*.';'' - :— " •
- Finance— B.\H. Pendleton,' John F. Mer
rill, Charles "-A.'Murdock and Osgood .Put
nam;?. programmer-Horace -Davis, Osgood
Putnam, Mrs. Sloss, Miss Pendleton ;and
Miss Felton; ' plaee ' of meeting — Rolla- V.
Watt ¦ and • Mrs. -Fitch;-., reception — Mrs."
John Merrill,,- ' V -•" ¦ ,¦:¦'.: ¦ ¦¦- -•¦, ¦ ' .-.- ,/;."\ . .:• •
Representatives of. Benevolent So
| ' cieties Meet' to 'Prepare for
*¦--;;: i State Conference. .-./ . .
: 'Representatives^ of benevolent societies
arid' institutions .met^ last night' -in- the
Touhg Men's j Christian Association build
ing to adopt" a: programme 'for the. ap
proaching State. 1 - conference of - ; charities
and corrections/ The conference r is : to . be
held in. this, city; 'commencing on Febru
ary 14 and continuing for, three days. At
the meeting. last. night Horace Davis pre
sided. . ..";. . : --\:,4 -- ¦¦ •¦•:¦."•:¦-•:¦ •'•¦•¦.'.•. ¦¦- ¦:
Accordirig.to theiprogramme as outlined
last nlght r .the phases of char
itable work will be discussed by economic
students and me,n . •vm.o. have had practical
experience in State institutions. One of
the most important results, of the confer
ence wlll.probably.be the appointment of
a' 1 committee to secure the passage of a
law by. the £?tate Legislature, establishing
a State board of inspection for' charitable
institutions':; ;.?,, ~ ' •'*;•':';
'i The conference; { wiH, be opened with-.ad
dresses '.by (¦ Horace-' i- Davis and- Mayor
Schmitz. •¦ ,'¦-•¦.. -. ¦:; ,¦¦".; - -, .' -.'.-¦.;¦¦¦, ;:":.
ADOPTS* PROGRAMME FOB V u
• &'* MEETING > OF CHARITIES
Hoefer was attacked by three soldiers
while taking a walk on North Beach
shortly, after 9 o'clock. He attempted to'
draw a revolver that he carried with him,
but one of the fighters disarmed him be
fore he had an opportunity of using it.
The footpad who secured the weapon then
beat Hoefer .on the head* with it until he
became Insensible and then went through,
his pockets, taking all his money.'. An'
hour later Officer McLain found the man
and sent him to the Harbor Hospital.
One of the most daring hold-ups report
ed to the police in some time occurred
last night at the corner"of Bay and Tay
lor streets. J. E. Hoefer, a prominent
milling man from Portland, Or.-, was found
unconscious by Officer J. D. McLain and
bleeding from nine severe scalp wounds
that had been Inflicted by the footpads.
The injured man was sent to the Harbor
Hospital, where he told the story of the
crime and stated that he had been robbed
of $so. ; : . . . r ' : : ¦'."
¦¦ The Union Iron Works has done some
expeditious work on the . transport
Thomas. On January 2 it received the
vessel, and after thoroughly, overhauling
her returned her on the ISth, two. days
ahead of contract time, which is claimed
to be the quickest work of its kind ever ;
before done on the coast. ' .- ¦ .. '•/.. \\
Wcrk has been resumed on three tor
pedo-boat destroyers, and the steamer
Alaskan, building 'for the American Ha-'
waiian Company, is another contract
which is almost finished. The latter, ves
sel wi'l be delivered in about tyro inonths. 1
'Tbe number of men wjis Increased at the
; yards yesterday by. the return of eight
.'of the old machinists • and three' of the
former ship fitters.y ._ -.
j The Grampus, and the PikeV. the first
two of _.the "Holland submarine torpedo
"boatB to be bulltoa. thePaclfic Coast; are
nearing completion at the Union Iron
Works. ' So far indeed has the work pro
gressed in the construction that yester
day men were engaged placing the
launching blocks under the Grampus., The
tame work may be done as regards the
"Pike In the course of another week. It
is expected that both of . the submarine
wonders will be ready for their:; baptism
in a. very short time. • . ¦
Soldiers.
Prominent^Mining Man
Is Robbed by Three ;
Scores of Men Kept Busy
: on Holland Battle
-Wonders.
Since then the officers, have \ been Rook
ing for Coursey's pal, and the arrest of
O'Brien was the result of their work. The
policemen 'say -they have a strong case
against their prisoner, ' and are confident
that; he. 1s .not, only responsible for the
Natoma-street crime, but that he has-been
engaged in many/'Other robberies r that
have mystified -the police within the last
few weeks. :.»"'¦ •¦':¦¦•-. ' ¦ .'¦ . ¦ .,:";
The police are striving to rid v the |V ' cltyV
of the herd of daring burglaTsV£hatlhave'
been responsible for a nurhberj of* recent
crimes in the Mission. , .Last nighit Police
men Gilbert P. Chase and W. H.S Harrison
arrested "Pug" O'Brien, a supposed crim
inal, and placed his name on the detinue
book at the Central police station. ;,'.
Last Saturday, morning, shortly after 1
o'clock tho two policemen who made the
arrest last night discovered ; two men in
the act of , leaving, a house -on Natoma
street after having looted it. Chase and
Harrison followed * the men and succeeded
in capturing,one of them. .The captive,
Thomas, Coursey," was 'charged with bur
glary, at the City Hall station. -:
SUBMARINE BOATS
NEAR COMPLETION
BADLY BEATEN
BY FOOTPADS
"Pug" O ? Biien, Suspected
Burglar, Is in the :
'City
• .The Board 'of Education <\ also Li knows
that many f children are. unable to.: con
tribute to public funds and that: their in
ability. . t<7 do so causes considerable heart
burning, when their more 1 fortunate com
• panions- are able to subscribe. -?\ ' . . ; ;
•For these reasons the Boards of,Educa
tion; recently passed; a: resolution prohib
iting, the solicitation of subscriptions from
the school children/and in the case of .the
McKinley. memorial* fund this resolution
will be enforced.! 1 ' ..-. j- :•;•=•". :.\.
Superintendent Webster announced yes
terday that' on ; receipt of : a request from
thp.-; Memorial Association ;.the» Board: of
Education . would* pass | a "resolution desig
nating the anniversary of the [birthday, of
the late ' President as "McKinley; Memo
rial' day! 1 * and . authorizing; the' holding of
memorial • exercises , at the close 1 of school
hours ; of .that day. ; • - .v ,, • ?;\ "• : > p -
,, Mayor, Schmitz will be' asked to appoint
a local committee ' to - solicit funds - in this
"city," arid ..those who desire to make ' con
tribution direct : " can ; send ' the >'' same • : to
Treasurer Lilienthal at the 'Anglo-Calif or-'
nian Bank. ." ' ;' : ¦' ' ', -.-'. -'¦¦ .'.;.:¦¦¦ j : " ¦¦'• •
Superintendent : Webster - said , that r the
children had already ¦ been asked to.do
nate/funds to the local McKinley'memo
rial fund and also to.the'Galvestori relief
fund, and . that many objections-had been
made by the parents of school; children
against the solicitation or funds from the
scholars •-' . .,.,-/.. ,-r '>.,,- > ¦,-'.'¦' ~ : '•¦':¦.
i Superintendent Webster of the Board of
Education stated , yesterday that , the
Board of Education" would' be -prepared
to designate the birthday of the late Pres
ident as a "memorial day" • in the , public
schools- of 'this city,- but: that- the ; board
would hot allow an' appeal to be made to
the children ; for subscriptions to , trie - me
morial fund. ¦
The omcers of the committee are George
Stone; , chairman: - W. - H.- Jordan and J.
C. Sims, vice chairmen; P. N. Lilienthal,
treasurer, and J. Steppacher, secretary:
The Mayors of all cities and the presi
dents of City Councils and Boards of
Trustees throughout the State are to be
asked to appoint auxiliary committees to
receive contributions from the people.
It ; is *also ; proposed 'that '¦'¦ Wednesday,
January 29," the nfty-ninth' anniversary of
the birth of the late President McKlnley,
be designated as "McKinley ' day'! In all
public, parochial and other schools and
that appropriate exercises -be * held and
an opportunity given to the school chil
*dreri to contribute to the memorial fund. ¦
AThe National Memorial Committee, also
. requests that Sunday, January 26, be de
voted to memorial exercises in • all -the
churches and contributions.be taken up
for the fund. • . : ..'.-¦ -.¦¦:. •¦-.
:• The national.committee proposes to ex
pend the sum of WOO.OUO- for. a. '.monument
to the' late' President'. McKlnley and. to
raise $250,000 to maintain It in proper con
dition for all time. ¦•„ — / . . c
Mayor E. E. Sohmitz, J. C. Sims, W. H.
Jordan, I. W. Hellmah Jr., George Stone, '. P.
N. Lilienthal, A. A. Watkins,' F. J. Symmes,
Wakefield Baker, J. E. McDougald, Guy Lath
rop, F. S. Stratton,' Raphael Weill, A: D. Cut
ler, A. W. Fester, Percy T. Morgan, Claus
Spreckels, James H. Budd, John J. Mahony,
J. C. Wilson, Rudolph Herold. - William H.
Crocker, Joseph S. Spear Jr., M. C. Sloss,. M.
R. HlK«tlns, . C. Mason Kinne, A. Sbarboro,
Edward Coleman, ¦ W. W. Montaeue, J.\ Leroy
Nickel. , ¦ •'¦ "¦/¦?... ;;¦¦•¦ ... , - .;.:;¦¦¦.'¦ ¦'
; Active steps are being taken by the Mc-
Kinley National Memorial Association to
raise the • sum of $650,000 for the T purpose
of erecting and .maintaining a fitting mon T
ument to. the memory/- of the late
dent of -the United States, the plan being
to locate .the memorial', building , at .Can
ton, Ohio. . .- ,.;• -,-¦ .
}: According ( to circulars issued : by. th&'as-
Bociatlon, the sum v of $20,000 has been ap
portioned to California, and' the' Stat«?
committee is now engaged in taking steps
to raise that amount. - . " ' r : .' ••
: The State committee consists 'of the f61
lowing gentlemen: .: ; .'" ;
F unds Solicited to Erect
i ; Nationa,l Memorial"
£ w at Canton. v
Sixth Race — Mile and flfty' yards, selling;
three-year-olds- and, upward: '¦ < :' , •-.
'3142 Sir 'Lewis ... 80 (3131)Capt. Gaines.,109
3141 Bragg- ....'... 92 (3154)Floronso 112
:3153 Plead- '...:V.. 102 (3122)Quadra .. 93
(3137)Senator .MattslOa 3154 Hungarian ...106
3148 Snowberry. .. 84 3100 Lodestar .....109
(3135) Captivate 102 3155 Osmond ...:: 100
¦ Fifth Race — Futurity course, . the ¦ Paso Ro
bles handicap; 'three-year-olds and upward:
3156 Gusto ....... 87 (2808)Scorplo ......106
3159 Frank : Bell,. .115 3172 Duckoy 110
(3145)Tow. Candles.102 3134 Ordnung .....110
(3140) J. . Boggs . . . ; . 98
Fourth Race — Six furlongs, purse; three-year
olds and upward : ' . « \ . * •
!*.... Paul Clifford. 102 2801 Joe Prey". ...105
3166 The Fretter .105 3165 Rey Dare ...102
.3159 Kenilworth "..105 .... All Green ...105
' j Barney . Schreiber .was congratulated on
possessing another, Sof ala, but he scarcely
;thinks Sylvia Talbot v'asgobd f as the first
named Curif ortunato -. filly. . -'" • .-' '. * '
fe Herculean is^how'owned-by L«.:"V. Bell
and ran' in the New -York -turfman's col
ors yesterday. < . The , giant \ son of , Water
cress will be sent after some of -the rich
'jumping; staked at Saratoga' the coming
summer. -. .- ' '¦ ' ¦
."Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:. ¦
V, First Race— Five and a half furlongs, selling;,
four-year-olds "and upward: .'.
= 3110 Our T.izxie. ;.113 3075 Nona B ......115
v.3143 B. Sheppard.,115 2022 Censor 10«
- : 3153 LostV Girl .....105 3110 Eldred 91
V 3149 Marineusa' ;;.-93 3132 Fridolin ... t .101
¦3168 Rtnald6v;:;^.107 2911 Tiburon . 97
3118 Chappl* v.i«. 87 3132 Educate Ill
3130 Alzura.,;.*.'.. .111 . v
Second Race^-Flve and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing; 'three-year-olds: , . . ' "
(3101) Royal Rogue.109'3150 John H. Carr.109
.3082 Wand'g ' Boy.. 100 3150 Torila 107
3113 Marello ..;... 109 .3161 Bendara .....112
3133 Arthur Ray:. 112 3125 Sir Claus ....109
3150 Malaspina ...107 3161 Esternell ;....107
3150 Mon.Peeress.107 2S24 Chandoo ¦ 112
Third Race — Seven ', furlongs, selling; four
year-olds and upward :.i: . V;
8148 Mission ;..... 102 3123 Dunblane ....105
, 3134 Dan. Maid... .107 3095 Sea Lion ....105
(3142)Com'g Event.107 3142 King Dellls...lO5
13135 MonxUT. ...... 102 ' -
Track Notes,
PLAN TO HONOR
LATE PRESIDENT
SKETCHESBT CARTOONIST WAR
'.: REN OF SOME OF THE VISITING
; ! JOURNALISTS F^ROM: CANADA.-.,
POLICE ARREST
SUPPOSED CROOK
.-. Nevada National Bank of Sari'Fran
cisco,: ?22,642 43; Sari' Francisco 'National
Bank, 5 $3019 29; First National Bank --of
San Francisco, ' $10,677 50 Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, $2967 91. .; ,',; '¦'.-":. --¦" .". : ; .' 'O
The first ; assessment of . Nationaly Bank
stock .was made, two years ago by v As
sessor Dodge. "Most of the .bank's-resist
ed payment on behalf of their "stockhold
ers and'took the matter into ; the Federal
courts.*-'. - They - claimed that ' the • assess
ment weis; In conflict with section 5219 of
the Revised Statutes of the t United : States :•
and secured an injunction restraining the
Assessor- from •'¦¦ collecting the-'- taxes ?¦ on
these shares of stock. : This decision, will
add at least $60,000 yearly ! { to ,' ' thei c^ty
treasury, and will release over $100,000 taxes
which had been . paid under protest by
owners of National Bank stock. The : total.
capital stock surplus ; and '. undivided t
profits of national banks in San";Fran
cisco is over -.-$ 9,000 ,000, and there is over
$7,000,000 of : this stock in California ; out-.;
side of San Francisco t held by -wealthy
residents of, the State. ¦ -•'.•..¦:.-
Assessor IJodge-said: "The citizens not
only of : San Francisco but of the' entire
State' are : to j be congratulated upon ' this
decision. v It "took New York State over,
fifteen years to pass a. law/ taxing national'
bank stock, ; whlchfflrially.- stood : the test
of the courts, l? >It- was the intent to. pass
a law. here which would give the owners:
of this stock every deduction which/they.:
could justly 'claim in fixing the of
their shares for assessment purposes."
»a"i»^;^H't'i-a"i''i"i^i^"i"i"H"i":"i"i-»;
.. There 'ara two '"'cases '. yet - undecided,'
those bt the First National Bank of}San
Francisco and; ; the ,.; ; Crocker-Woolworth'
Bank. .The amounts of taxes due . to the ;
city and county, in the suits are as- folr :
lows:'^ ,r ¦-':¦¦¦¦"¦-.'¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦ ; :--; - " ¦'¦'.'. ¦:".'.^-'" -:^>..-'
Holders "of .national ibank stock;? must
pay taxes thereon. to this city and county.'
Such is the essence of a decision rendered
yesterday by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow iri:;the -cases of the Nevada Na
tional Bank? of -San. Francisco against
Washington Dodge,' Assessor ,' v and the" San'
Francisco, National Bank against the sa'nte \
defendant,' ; • "¦ '. .., • ' . : ' ~ ¦'¦; •'¦¦ .<C: : :^ V
¦ Judge, Morrow simply 'announced. : > his,
decision orally, dissolving the restralh
ing orders" jheretbf ore : issued, disriiissing .
the suits ajid, giving Judgment in favor of
the Assessor^ for the costs. :
Ruling Adds $60,000 Yearl y,
to City Treasury and Re- ".¦
leases $ 1 00,000.; . - ;
i-.The ; muddy \ going ' .': of ,• course worked
some: few, distortions in form,, which must
always ! be ' expected, i but ; as T it' was vthree
favorites vwent-, through.^ Winnie i(VCon
rior-anaVLeeTJacksbn. ran a; dead .heat" for
saddle -"honors,"' each piloting .-three r i Win
ners. . :--- :.'¦ ¦¦/.•>'--.¦,¦/ ,¦¦:¦.¦¦¦:¦¦¦'-.:¦-'; ¦
;•" A', course^pf training at' the barrier ap
pears. ; to nave -worked wonders with Dr.
JtJoyle...- ' lUie ' son -of ; Guido, sporting the
colors .of :v"Jim7' : Neklon, I closed favorite
for ¦¦ the ; opening selling ; affair and > ran
away -from' a bunch of cheap. ones.* Young
Morello j took ,the place ,f ronv John Welch.
'¦} O'Connor, scored his/second win on, San
Venado, an-8 to 1 shot; for the slx ; and
a half furlong run. - ! He gradually wore
down i the ; lead gained '. by Katherine 1 En
nis.V another ¦'. outsider," I and, "ridden ' out.
won j by - more than : a length. . Mounce on
Urchin," the 1 8 to - 5 favorite,* was cut off
soon alter * the start, coming on in time
to get the show.: Old- Newsgatherer start
ed in (this race after a long rest, -but was
never prominent."' ;"""."<-..-' •
.'Meeting nothing of any particular class
in the- mile* and a. Sixteenth selling num
ber,, Jim Hale certainly looked a- rosy 6
to 5 v choice/ : vX.ee : Jackson - took 'the bay
gelding out; in- front at the' start and was
¦never compelled J;o shake- bis., mount up.
Bathos, piloted by Mo.unce.-'at one •. time
¦looked dangerous, J but '.had nothing left
at ;the close. Artilla ran >a% poor. fourth
behind • Siddons. ¦-.*•- . "--• ; < : ,- ...•
; "A-barrel-of coin went-up. in . smoke over
,the^ defeat 1 of Herculean in'tb^e second six
arid a half .furlong, spin. The big-fellow
was played downin?the betting, to 1, to. 5,
and.^ getting, cut off at -the- start,' never
had ar "look In." Bard-.Burns looked- a
1 winner- to ; within a few yards ;of; the tape,
when he seemed' to hang, losing the * ver
dict by a' nose: to : the 15 to 1 shot Nellie
Forrest; Pat RIorrissey finished third, g
¦¦Another nose finish 5 marked the close of
the = final V six furlong selling number.
Meehanus,<the; second' choice with' Jack
son, up,: managed to outbreak his com
.pany; and, leading throughout, lasted long
enouglTtO' down Duckoy, the favorite, by
the inarrowesf of ; margins. ,-JLJttle: Red
fern' on the latter •was -not quite - strong
enough to. do: the' horse 'full : justice, or he
would ; have won. . Show . honors fell to
Matt Hogan:' :;;:,;¦¦ * . '. '<¦'¦-.?
• . -/Jsaid; he had another; In the
stable' that could > runi circles around'Hud
con,*; and yesterday : - the i 8t:- Louis breeder
and bookmaker made" good;% In ¦ the three
arid * a. - half i . furlong 8 selling 1 ; ;'. for
maidens he sent , Sylvia Talbot, a natty
looking.- Balgowan-Parolee .' ¦ fllly, . to"'." the
post. Ridden by:"Winnte 1 O'Connor and a
mild favorite in : fthe /closing betting, she
broke away from' the barrier ¦ like 'a vet
eran, and, skimming along as if mud was
her. particular, dish, won all the way,' hard
held.--' Four; lengths back ¦ Adirondack; the
opening^ favorite, disposed j of Tom Mitch
ell for^the ; place. ¦;¦!.. ''-. ..'¦'_':¦•.-'. • \ '¦
. . _,„ .- ..- ~ •
WHEN.', Hudson defeated Adi-
"In a. two-year-old
dash one day^last week at
Oakland e? Barney. • JSchrelber
Judge Morrow Decides
So; in Suit Against
Y Assessor.
NATIONAL BANK
STOCK TAXABLE
Sehreiber's Filly flakes Her Initial Bow With the
Colors tIjp=-=Meehanus First. ¦'
SYLVIA TALBOT WINS ROMPING
FROM THE UNLUCKY ADIRONDACK
GIRL FROM CALGARY ENTERTAINS
VISITING CANADIAN JOURNALISTS
Kathleen Parlow, the Gives ah Informal
IBl Recitaljin the Press Club Rooms.
•; : 'THE. SAN' ¦'; ¦FR'&tf C jSCOyicAfcl^ ' jutfeD^Y^ JAN tTAR-g Jai, -1902.V
RAGING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND . BACETBACg-Monday, _ Jan. j^V^a^L^flJ^^L^^iL,^.
31G7. FIRST RACB-^Futurlty course: selling; flve-year-olda and up: to first. $325.
~ ~~T~. 7~" — , ~~ 1 ~"~~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age . -Weight- St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. cl -
Sftt7 lr>r Rovl*i S ~ 107 1 '1114 15 13 J. C. Nealon... O'Connor 5-2 3-5
3W7 ?oung° Morelloi 's.lW 2 2 4 2 « 2 10 2 5 W. Scbarets r....J. Daly 8 6
3131 John Welch, 5....U0110 9 1 5n 3 15 3 20 WH Lynch.... Momice 4 6
.1724 Clarello 6 :......108f 6 ; 5 2 14 4 4 1 4n John Kane. ...... ..Prior lo 5O
3119 Mrs; C, 5........105 3 3 % 3 15 n 5 n J S. Campbell. J. Woods 8 '10
3131 CorriMite a 106 8 4 h 6 2 « 10 B 12 J. J. Coalter. See 10 20
3047 S S ¦'**' 107 I 6 1 7 5 7 2 7 2 it. Kane. ...J.Matthews 10 2a
I?53 S '5 .'••':::lo7 4 8 2 10 8 I :•« aW. Newth.... Jackson 6 1
"SOM 5Sllle Holiin eMloa 7 ' 7 4 9 3 .95 -9 6 Dickey & ; Xlnder.Ran.ch 5. 10
8119 Mary Nance, a. .105 9 10 8 2 10 10 Abbott & Co Hafley 10 20
Time— To 'yi •«"• to V, -4«?4- last %. 1:04; snort %. 1:14. Good start. Won eaaily. Sec
£T2d 4lrd~dVivin?: Winner^ Nealon's b. * by , Guldo-Eie) r Tee. dinner awa,
sailing and others er^zryj^}^fJ^^^}^^Z £j"^£!lg£S3^£^~~~w -^-r-^-n
318S. SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlong3; selling; 4-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
; : ~~ — : ~ Betting.
Index Howe. Ag«. Weight St %. %. - Etr. Fin. Owner and jockey. Qp- cu
QiiQ >r™H<» o -• - tftT B 1 U' S f ¦ 3 1 51 Brown & Co Jaekaon » 1O
1o6o S&8.V:::::::iS I 6 er v. cnbert .„.««. »¦ •»
3149 Einstein. 6 ......109 1 72 8 6 7 3 7 4^ U £*%¦¦'¦-.¦¦£" "»*? ,^ 1*
2020 Newssatherer, a.. 109 9 6 n 7 n> 8 8 8 10 C R Fl^.-J. Matthews U 30
3049 Uml 4 ¦ • 106 11 10 4 10. 4 9 5 6 5 W. Ew Cotton Redfern 10 15
Sm R™aldo."a*:::.":io5 2 S 2 » t 10 10 10 10 . Wm .O S wn...MeDern»tt 4O 60
3133 Tha Fiddler, 4.. .108 10 11 11 11 11 jj. H. Walker See S(> 10O
rpt—,, Vt ••>±. u '49V.-- K- 1-17' 6V>t 1j o 4Vj. Fair start Won first three driving. Win
2i R^f^:^tHunc^.hlSe R San Venado outstayed
Urchin pocketed »oon after »Urt. Novia better on a dry track. Invlctu* ran poorly.
- Scratched— -Fridolin 104. _' _',_;_' l-~_ ':'-¦-,-- '¦ '-l_-,. -_ .'-. -
31OO. THIRD RACE— Three and a. half ' furlongs ; selling; maiden 2iyear-olda;'to first. $322.
'...'.. . —. — : — : — ; : . . . "^ ¦ Betting. '
Index Horao and Weight 3t .j" %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. °P- C1 »
7777* Sylvia Talbot.....ll0 3 ... 14 1 4 1 6 B. Schreiber.... O'Connor 2 9-Z
3151 Adirondack 105 4 ... 3 3 2% 24 Burns & Watrhs.Ra.nsch 7-5 2
3139 Tom Mitchell 110 6 ... 44 4 4 3n G. P McNeU..J. JVooda 10 13
.3126 Prince Eugene.... 110 1 ... 21 31 4 10 M. Allman ...... -Mounce « 6
3144 Chiffonier *. 113 2 ... 8 10 6 10. 5 12 Montana S table.. Troxler 20 60
; ; . The Phantom ....110 7 ... 7 5 6 1 61 Dr. RowelL.J. Matthews 12 40
3161 Venecia .........105 8- B%7 1 7 1 Baldwin & Co.. T Burns 4 4
..:. Irish Lassie .110 8 ... 8 8 • 8 Frank Daroux..; Jack aon 10 20
Time— %, :24%; 3%f. :44. CSood start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. B.
Scbrelber'a ch. f. by Balgowan-Parolee. Winner a stake filly. Adirondack ran his rac*.
Venecia Quit badly. Prince Eugene a bluffer. _ 5cg^ e^~^ a *^SS^5Ir^w^J^^^-n-n^
S17O. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a. sixteenth; selling; 4-year-olds and up; first, $323.
- ; ; — : 1 ' ! ~" Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St %. . %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. , Op. Cl. -
3152 Jim Hale. 4.... ..108 112 11 Til 1 3 W. I* 8tanfleld. .Jackson 1 ll : 10
3152 Bathos, 5 .......113 3 2 % 2 2 2 3 2 5 J. J. Moran Mounce 5-2 .2 .
(3153) Siddons,' 4 ...... 10S '2 6 4 1 ' 3 2 ? 3 8 T. H. Stevens. .Butlman 4 . 8
3112 Artllla. 5 ..1C8 5 4h 3h 4 8 4 6 C. "W". Carroll.. O'Connor 5 IO
3149 Darlene, 4 103 4315 5 "5 E>r.H.E. Rowll.L.A.Jk3n 10 15
Time— Y*. :28;'H," :51%; %, 1:17%; mile. l:43^i; 11 -16m. 1:30. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, W. I* Stanfleld'a b. g. by Piccolo- Rillette. Hals
possessed the speed. Too much weight on Bathos^ no doubt. Artllla a poor -mudder.''
317lI~FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and np; to first. $S25»
£rj ~ ¦•-.-.' ¦ ~ ~~~ ¦ ¦. .-- ¦•- "^ Z ~ BetUng.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St %. %. Str. . Ftn. Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
3137* Nellie "Forest 4.. 104 654 54 22 Ins W.P.Ma&rane & Co.Jksn^ 7 ' 15
X3121) Bard Burns. 4.... 110 5 2 n . 1 n 11 22 D. S. Fountain. -Mounce 8 8
(3141) Pat Morrissey. a.109 1 4 4 ¦' 3 1'". 3 2 3 3 Dr.H.E. Rowell.J.Mthws 5 « •
3166 The Miller. 6..... 110 2 11 .2n 4 3 4 3 G. P. McNeil.. J. Woods 10 8
(3105)Orand Sachem, a.109 7-7 2 8. .54 5 5 J. J Moran.... O'Connor 5 7
3130 Herculean. 6 100 8 8 7 % . 6 3 . 6 3 U , V. Bell. .....Bullman 6-5 4-5
30S7 Cougar 4 109 3* 6 n, 62 • 7.8 7 10 Elmwood Farm.-Ranach 8 12
2599 Polite Weithoff. 6.10" 4 " 3 n 4 n * 8 8 |D. Lees McDermott 15 50
Time '/!;¦ :24- %, ' :48; %, 1:16%; 6%fV. 1:23%." Bad start. Won first three driving. "Wln
¦ ner W 'P' Magrane & Co.'s ch. m.v by. Forest -Nellie G. Distance and going suited win
ner' ¦ Grand Sachem away badly. -, Herculean cut off at start. Cougar ran poorly. Pat
Morrissey and The Miller can do better. Scratched— Pompino 109. Bagdad 109. King Del
lis 112. Redwald 109. - .
S*j^^^S^Xx5^RACE^Sbrfu*rlong3; selling; four-year-olds and upward: to first. $325.
-¦;¦¦ v - ; ~~ • I - -"• • ''- ~ ¦ • ' Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St %. K- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3159* Meehanus, 6 104 1 12 U5J13 Ins Caesar Young. ..Jackson 8-5* S-5
3007 oJcSoy 5 -95 2 3h 3 6 3 1523 G. B. Morris Redfern 1 4-5
3145 MattHogan 6... 98 5 4 4 2 2 2% 3 2O W.P. Magrane & Co. Rnch 5 0
Goal Runner 6.. 110 4 5 • 4 6 4 10 4 50 Alaska Stable.. J. Woods 8 30
7:7. wSfal." ».'..?'' 96 3 215 5 5 I. Morehouse... Donnelly 100 500
Tlme « .05. U :49}&; %. 1:15. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner, Caesar
Youne's ch. 'h. by Golden Garter-Fedalma, Meehanua away on run. Duckoy compelled to
- go the overland. Latter looked best. Hogan' ran his' race. Scratched— Kitty Kelly 9«,
- Gusto 101. Sir Hamptpn 98.. Sweet. Tooth 98.
4
THE WEEKLY CALL, Si PER YEAR;
; Is Your Back-Weak? HaveYou Dragging ¦'Pains? ¦
' x >^^*\ Are ;Ybu Easily Tired? «
!' //^^^W HaveYou Varicocele?
1 ; . /l 1 t*&l . .. . Have, you lost the; fire and strength of
( A-2 s^ r * > V-^3^ your back and shoulders? Are you.grow-
i\ -" ' "If you have these symptoms or any oth-
' 'fci I \ ' w *r sign of .breaking down, of -your nerves
1 • I- \JKSk and vitallt y y° u will find new life in elec-
1 *•'¦*''" lil^i^ +VSE& triclty as a PP 1Ie d while you sleep.
jas %«1 DR « MCLAUGHLIN'S
'4s^^S^^' ELECTRIC BELT
V is ma(^ R for >' ou - Jt is th e best way to
Jf^S^^vy/l'lN^OTiWl UEf> electricity. It pours a gentlo stream
jftawMBK*- '.-/ « - JNigaY^vV of life into the weak parts continually
*£&£&£ ' 1 \ ISSb^P for hours every night. It refreshes the
jfz&Eap&gf J fS*'"'Hfia> not-ves, expands vital powers, enriches the
S&JrSnr circulation and makes you feel bright,
ii£&2W /$* IS^w*y ' active and vigorous in one night's use.
«Sw^ A?" TTs&r Y° u set stronger each day and in a few
... ' ' ' . ':^^. — weeks you are a new man, stronger, and
younger in the fire of youth. ' It is grand, thjs' method, of mine, and every
man wliohas ever used it Is praising It. , r : • . • . -'
TRY IX INQW.
Don't delay trying it. Your future happiness- depends. on j'6ur checking
this drain upon your vitality^. so stop It now and you can be. sure of a' long
and vigorous life, full of the Joys of a . healthy vigor.- '. ¦ • • . -; ¦¦'- • ;-:-,- i. , .
Don't drug. -Drugsr can't cure you; : as' you.^know if ,> you have triedithem.
My belt cures becanse it increase»your nerve power and .vitality.- :lf, -you will'
caU I will give you a free test of what I can do. If you can't call,'-. send; for
my, beautiful. illustrated book.' telling about my method. I send it sealed free. -
I have 50,000 cures: Call or write to-day. Send this adi ; >-¦" :"., ¦•'/¦•* ¦ ;-
Tin M C' : - M/iraiVcpliliri'-'-^-Mar^t St'; : Cop: Keapny
Office .Hours. «/AJ H. to 8:30 P. M.". Sundays." 10; to' !l. ; " ;• .
Our hat department sold more hats in December
than ever before in the history of the store. The heavy
selling has left several broken lines where sizes are in-
complete. We have gathered all these odds and ends,
and will 'put them in at a price that will clear them out
, at once. The hats are soft and stiff shapes in pearl, blue " : '
pearl, gray, steel, cedar and brown; the former prices
"-were 90c, $1^30 and 95; everything goes now at \
We are^ likewise, closing out a lot of two-bit golf caps for 10c.
r —Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
- .; 718 Market Street.
I]. WITH ITS SIDES AND END OF PLATX GLASS
p AFFORDS ANl, UNOBSTRUCTED VIEW OF THE t
|| SWIFTLY MOVING PANORAMA AS THE |
1 8 ., P * E0SON IT ? WAY FROM SAN FRANCISCO TOCHICAGO OVER THC \•Edward Edmlnstef, the .Mission bur
glar,' r.was instructed and arraigned . in
Judge Megan's* court yesterday . on ~ six
charges of burglary. At; his request the
Mission Burglar Arraigned.
BRICKLAYER HAS A BAD FALL.— Harry
Peacock, a bricklayer, : li vine at 212 San Jose
avenue, fell yesterday ¦ morninsr • from a ' build
in* in course of erection at . Eighth . and '¦ Kan
sas streets. His left leg:,' frontal bone and noae
were broken. • . « >¦ ¦ •
\}\ The 'ladles 'of .the •¦ Howard -street? Me th-"
odlst'.Church will serve luncheons s tb'-dav :
to-morrow, "and. Thursday- at 638 Howard
street.-,. The proceeds will 1 be used for the
benefit of. the church-- ...
To Blase Funds* for" Church.
• Whatever, goods are,left in the Monarch
to-night >" will .be '.removed to No. -7 Sixth
St., near Market, and there be sold re
gardless :'of , cost.* ! The ; place," 915 Market
st.ris wanted to prepare for. the Lyceum
sale of ' Adler.7& !•¦•¦ Sons' - clothing, which
goods '• are { expected 4 to ; arrive ' here ; either
Thursday -or- Friday.-"^M|^^fflrarffi. • -. ,
No^7 Sixth" Street,' Near Market:
; Judge Hebbard issued writs of mandate
yesterday compelling the Board of Police
Commissioners Ho restore to. the police
force ; four police officers, three of whom
were dismissed without trial in April. 1894,
and tone in March, 1802.* The restored offi
cers ; are P. ' I. x Jones. ; J. J. ¦ Kelly, J. W.
Farfell and ; John Dowd. ,They were con
sidered efficient members of the force dur
ing their former, service."
Four Moral Officers Restored.
The suit by . KInr You for the pos
session " of 462 cases » ot,. Chinese lottery
blanks,' now ¦ in the hands" of the i Chief of
Police, was '. decided . in favor, of ' that offi
cial ; ' yesterday by United ; States Circuit
Judge 'Morrow.. 1 Judgs. - Morrow s stated
that he decided the case upon the agreed
statement .of facts. " This agreed state
ment,.was -drawn 5 up .'and /filed 1 by'Joseph
Coffey/ Judgment for. the defendants for
costs was: also rendered...' ¦ -\- - .—
Coffey "Wins the Lottery Casas.
The German-American League met last
night and elected the following officers for
the:* -ensuing ; . year: ; President,' . Dr. . F.
Kuckeln; vice: president. B.'Blauet; secre
tary W. Z'mmer ; 'treasurer. A. Bertheau:
solicitor. Dr. G. Gutsch; ... trustees— C.
Drescher. H. P. Doehnen,- Arnold Entz
mann, W. Krubbenhoeft, . H. - J. Kesssl, :
Professor Albin Putzker, Fr. RIchter,
William Steinhauser, Dr. Julius Voltje, A.
Nazedon, Dr.: Herbig. The league . was
founded in 1901 and : Is composed of thirty
leading' German ;socleties. ¦ comprising ; a
membership of over 6000. =; ; . v :; -
German-American; League.
The policemen, who arrested Glassen sav
that their prisoner struck young Knoblock
on the hea« with a monkey wrench nm
during , the? fracture- that will ¦ peVhaos'
send him to the morgue. ~- Glassen's bafi
has teen nxed.at a high figure and he wil
Saas the^ ult:<3rhi ?;» !
Two- fourteen-year-old boys fought- In
the • Eureka Boilers .Works :. yesterday
afternoon. One of the contestants is in
the Receiving Hospital with a fractured
skull and is likely to die and the other is
held at the Central, police station under
a charge of^assault; to commit murder
: For several months .past, these boys
George Knoblock and- John. Glassen'. have
been bitter enemies. • Glassen says he was
the weaker of the two and that Knoblock
continually picked >n; him, malting him
the mark' for insults, and for blows Yes
terday; the trouble i assumed : serious - pro-'
portions and a fist fight, ensued. Both the
combatants pummeled each other for some
time, 'and, according, to Glassen's story
his | opponent • fell under the force of one
of his punches and struck his head on an
T^ on^ vls^' belngr render ed senseless. When
Knoblock ' was ; removed to a hosnitn i * i i r
was', found- that his' skull was fractured
and that his Injuries .are^llkely "• £ r result
I£Ll£L 11 y. ( • • ¦ . . ; - - . , ¦=¦
Shortly after 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing he went to 102 Taylor street, where
Miss Mohr lives, and becoming exasper
ated at-her refusal to go with him; so she
claims, he struck her twice on the head
with - a piece of 5 gaspipe. fracturing- ¦ her
skull. As she lay prostrate, she says, he
stole her. photograph,, which. was on the
mantelpiece, < and' vainly endeavored *to
tear her wedding ring. off her finger. A.
After leaving the room Morton went
to the Santa Fe ferry, where he intended
to board a boat for Point. Richmond. As
he was waiting for the vessel, Detectives
Crockett and Dillon, who were sent to
arrest *him; took him into custody.
After being taken -to. the ¦ City Prison
Morton ¦ claimed - that . he beat the woman
because she had stolen $20 from him.. - lie
denied that he had used • a gaspipe ? on
her,. and attempted, to explain that the
cuts on her head were Inflicted , by his
fists.'. ' ' ¦ '/¦¦¦•; ¦ . ¦''/¦ ¦'. '
-He'will be held in prison .pending the
result of the woman's injuries. ¦ , .¦
Frank A. Morton, a contractor, living at
Point*Richmond, was arrested yesterday
by Detectives Crockett and Dillon acd
locked. up in the tanks. Morton is ac
cused of brutally beating a young woman
named Lillie Mohr with a gaspipe. . Ac
cording to her story Morton was enam
ored of her notwithstanding that he has
a wife and a child, and repeatedly en
deavored to have her move 1 to Point Rich
mond. : - J ~ > < >
One Lad Has Fractured
Skull and the Police
Hold Another.
of" Point Richmond
Lillie Mohr the Victim
Mr. Harrison on behalf of i the Olympic
Club has accepted the invitation, and on
February 9 he will lead his charges down
to Burlingame. A splendid repast will be
prepared for the walkers. No one will be
permitted to" accept of the club's hospi
tality unless he v/alks the entire distance.
The lazy athlete who skims over the road
on his bicycle is in danger of having his
tires punctured. '-(¦¦;
> Arrangements are being made ' for : thtij
jaunt, and it promises to be the best ever
given by the club. - Members of > the Bur
lingame Club will guide the Olympians. It
is expected that the Burllngamltes will
entertain the visitors with polo and other
sports.
The last walk was held a week ago and
the pedestrians -have not stopped talking
about it. Tlie aged but energetic execu
tive guided the members over the hills of
Marln County and walked them off their
feet. The success 1 of the last. affair has
led a member of the'Burlingame Club to
invite - the Olympic Club . pedestrians to
visit his retreat. . - : .
¦ Cross-country walks have become a fad
at, the Olympic Club. William Greer Har
rison, president of athletic organiza
tion, has interested the members "of
every month these jaunts Into the country
are taken under his leadership.
Next Month by President
Harrison.
Cross Country Tramp Arranged for
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST MORTON
OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETES
TO VISIT BURLINGAMEJ
BOYS' FIGHT MAY
RESULT FATALLY
MORE PETTY SMUGGLERS
CAUGHT BY INSPECTORS
Hongkong Maru's Quartermaster
Winds Silks Around His Legs
and Walks Ashore.
Miki Marakichi, quartermaster of the
Hongkong Maru, tried to smuggle seven
pieces of silk off that vessel yesterday
morning, but was stopped after he got
off the gangplank by Customs Inspector
Ferguson. The silk was neatly wrapped
around Miki's legs. Miki's room was
afterward searched and eight pieces of
crepe and one long piece of silk were
seized. The duty on all the articles seized
would amount to $100. In the crew's quar
ters fifty-four packages of Japanese play
ing cards were found concealed and were
confiscated. The Federal Grand Jury yes
terday presented a true bill of indictment
against Morido Suzuki for smuggling silk
and playing cards.
Willing "Workers Entertain.
The Willing Workers Club, an organiza
tion of ladies who are members of 'the
Bush-street Synagogue, held their month
ly reception and entertainment in the
rooms of the sacred edifice yesterday. Re
freshments were served and an excellent
entertainment was furnished the guests.
The Misses Flora and - Belle Rosen
thai rendered violin and piano solos. Mme
Chonreich gave a number of clever read
ings, and Master and Miss Jacobs pre
sented a comedy duo. The Willing Work
ers is a charitable organization. It has
100 members. Following are the officers-
President, Mrs. H. Newhouse; vice presi
dent. Mrs. H. Schlessinger; second vice
president. Mrs. Isidore Myers; secretary
Mis Carrie Stern. .
John Reid filed a suit yesterday against
Leon Sloss, administrator of the estate
cf S. B. Matthews, to recover $61ii2. due
en promissory notes, and the highest
market value of sixty-eight shares of
stock in the Alaska Packers' Association,
¦which the plaintiff claims is the residue of
the estate, of S. B. Matthews, bequeathed
to him in the latter's will.
Administrator of Estate Sued.
The Retail Grocers' Association of San
Francisco, gave a banquet to D. F. Keefe
at the Malson Alladio last night. Keefe
leaves- for Milwaukee to-morrow to at
tend the convention of the Natlo'nal Gro
cers' Association as the, delegate from
California. Covers were laid for 100
guests, chief among which was Mayor
Eugene E. Schmltz.
The affair was a happy one for all con
cerned. A magnificent menu was served,
and after • its discussion speechmaking
and merriment were the order of the
evening. At the head of the table was
seated the Mayor, with Eugene McCoy,
president of the association, on his left.
At the foot was Aaron Powers, manager
of the Retail Grocers' Advocate, who pre
sided. -• The toastmaster was President
McCoy, who acquitted himself with
credit to the organization of which he la
the head. ¦
Mayor Schmitz responded: to the first
toast. - He complimented the association
upon its choice, of Keefe as a delegate to
the national convention and expressed
the 'belief/'' that he would be, instrumental
in doing good work for California In that
body. The Mayor's remarks were warmly
received.
. Delegate Keefe said he would attempt
to secure the national convention^for San
Francisco In 1904, a statement that was
received with cheers.: J. Salomon played
in fine style the intermezzo from "Caval
leria Rusticana." W. WJ Brackett sang
several ccon songs. Toasts were re
sponded to by Joseph A. Stulz, president
of the State • Grocers' Association ; > H. D.
Cushlng. vice president of the Alameda
County Grocers' Association; L. Warnkc,
secretary of the State Association; J.-M.
Sullivan, secretary of the San Francisco
Association; S. J. Sill, J. H. Eiben. 'Wil
liam. F. Mau, Daniel O'Callaghan, W. A.
Desborough and others. < •
F. Keefe Prior to His Trip
East.
Wishes for Success Extended to "D.
GROCERS BANQUET THEIR
DEPARTING DELEGATE
¦ Ives told the officer that he 'had been
in the advertising business In New YOrk
for five years and gave it up to accept
an appointment in the same line at $5000
per year. ¦: He gave that position up to
th^i i° thIs ci i y ' as . he was
there was a good opening here for a first
class advertising man. He drew the
checks on the Bank of California because
he needed the money and thought ¦ that
his account at the Plaza Bank of New
York was not overdrawn, as he sup
posed it had been from the fact that the
check had been returned. He admitted
that .-he i had visited the racetrack a few
times, but said he had not gambled ex
tensively. He had no doubt the whole
matter would be satisfactorily straight
ened out with the Bank of California! His
wife's parents are said to be highly con
nected in New York. . nigniy^on-
other two .checks would be returned in
the same way. Captain Seymour was no
tified by the-Bank of California and De
tective Whitaker- was detailed on the
case.. He learned yesterday that -there
was a registered letter at the. General
Postofflce for Mrs. Ives, and he went there
and waited for developments. Ives'ap
peared at the. general delivery window in
the afternoon and after he got the regis
tered letter Whitaker. placed him under
arrest. .. ,..-.• '
Last Saturday the. $210 check , was re
turned to the Bank of California. by the
Plaza Bank with the ominous words "No
funds" written on the -back. 'and it- was
at once presumed that in due time the
Ives is a gentlemanly looking man, 28
years of age. He .arrived in this., city
from New York with his wife on Decem
ber 1 and registered at the Palace Hotel.
He and his wife stopped there for two
weeks and then left, but his mail since
that .time has been sent to the ; Palaco
and taken care of by his friend,. J. H.
Raynor, a guest at the hotel. He had let
ters of introduction to the Bank of Cali
fornia and on January 6 he cashed a
check for $210 on the Plaza Bank of New
York with the Bank of California., He
subsequently cashed two other checks on
the same bank for $100 each. . .
HAROLD IVES. who is said to be
the son of a wealthy New York
er, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Detective Ross Whitaker
v and booked at the City- Prison
on the felony charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses. A few minutes later
S. E. Daniels, assistant cashier of the
Bank of California, swore to the com
plaint against Iv.es in Judge Conlan's
courtl • ' .
Mendel gave his wife $10 in court, and
the Judge ordered him to support his
child en penalty of being sent to jail.
Mendel said he had been a barber, but
as he made only $40 a month he thought
he could make more money on the stage.
He had just left Fischer's and was go
ing on a tour in the country districts at
$15 a week. The case against Miss Han
sen, who was charged with vagrancy,
was continued for two days till Secretary
"White of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children could
con-.municate with her parents, who live
in Fresno.
. Julius Mendel, the actor-barber, who
did a "stunt" at Fischer's Concert-houso.
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on the charge of failure to provide for
his minor child. His wife, Mrs. Ray Men
del, testified that during the last six
months he had, only given her $9 50, al
though he admitted earning $25 a week
at Fischer's. Instead of supporting his
wife and child he spent his money upon
Helen Hansen, a girl 19 years of age, who
lived with him at 19 Turk street.
to Ee Asked to Take Her
Home.
Helen Han sen's Parents in Fresno
ACTOB, ULESDEL MUST
SUPPOB.T HIS CHILD
cf Ado'.ph Aaronstein. deceased, against
the London, Paris and American Bank,
Ltd., United States Circuit Judge Mor
row decided yesterday in favor of the
complainant. She had made application
to the bank to transfer the shares of
stock held by it in her deceased hus
band's name to her name. This the bank
officials refused to do on the ground that
the banking laws of Great Britain pro
hibited such transfers, unless certain rev
enue, legacy and Inheritance taxes were
paid en the same.
Judge Morrow remarked that he would
be sorry indeed to hear that the bank
officials might be thrown into an English
prison for making the transfer of stock
as prayed for. but he was obliged to de
cide the case according to the laws of the
United States.
In the case cf Rosalie Aaronstein. as
executrix of the last will and testament
Judge Koxrow Says Hs Does Hot
Care if Bank Officials Go
to JaiL *
AABOirsTEnrs stock^
j2TTJST BE TT>.AN>;*vt<rR-RC"rt
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Augusta Cambot against Noel Cambot for
failure to provide and Katie Sparboro
Torres- against Arthur W. Torres for fail
ure to provide. . ¦ : • :
Mary.C. King, a dressmaker, is suing
her 'husband, George W. King, for di
vorce on .the ground x>f extreme cruelty.
She alleges that on one occasion while
they were residing ¦ at 1220 volsom street
King piled all their clothing In the center
of the kitchen floor, turned on the water
in the sink- and flooded, the place, and
then, to prevent her and her sister from
leaving the house, threw them both upon
a bed and sat upon them. ¦ The Kings
were married at Fresno In 1S33 and have
One child. .¦¦:.. .......
Charles Keen was granted a divorce
from Mary Keen . by Judge Graham yes
terday on statutory grounds. Mrs. Keen
was the plaintiff . in the suit. She sued
for divorce on the grounds of willful neg
lect and- desertion., Keen filed an answer
to her suit denying the charges and se
cured a decree on the charges he made in
a cross complaint. • • / .
Judge Kerrigan refused to grant a di
vorce to Emma Lermond from C. G. Ler
mond yesterday, j Mrs. Lermond's suit was
based on charges of cruelty, in which sne
accused her husband of not acting to
ward her as a good, kind and loving hus
band should. <¦ She said he did not pay
enough attention to' her, and added to her
misery by appearing in public places with
other females. J^v...? - -^ -.- -•""/
.- Mrs. Shadburne first came before the
eye of the public a'few months ago when
she sued for an annulment of her con
tract marriage to Carpenter. The case
was heard before Judge Kerrigan, who
declared the. contract ceremony null and
void. Within a few weeks after Judge
Kerrigan rendered his decision she was
made the defendant in another suit for
an annulment ,of marriage by Shadburne,
who, . in addition to charging her with
possessing two husbands, alleged that she
treated him' cruelly. Mrs. Shadburne op
posed the suit and for several weeks
Judge Hunt's courtroom was crowded
with- people who -were interested in the
tales of woe told by the husband and wife
while on the witness stand. - '¦.'*.-.•-
Judge Hunt yesterday refused to an
nul the marriage of L. A. Shadburne to
Annie V. Shadburne, and ordered him to
pay ; his wife $50 per month alimony, $100
counsel fees and costs of suit. Shadburne
sued for an annulment of his marriage
on the ground that when he married his
wife she had a husband living in the per
son' of. T.. G. Carpenter. The trials and
tribulations- of the : Shadbournes have at
tracted a great deal of attention, owing
to 'the fact that, their marital relaions
have been aired so of en in the courts.
Judge Hunt Refuses to
Give Husbsnd Decree
of Divorce.
Richard Hellmann. senior member of
the commission and importing firm of
Hellmann Bros. & Co.. 220 Market street,
cLied at his residence, 1825 Pacific avenue,
yesterday morning at the advanced age
of fcl years. The death of the pioneer
•was rot unexpected, he having been in
tailing health for some time past.
The deceased was a native of England.
¦where he was born in IS£L He wtnt to
South America at an early age. and ia
i£5o the gold excitement attracted him to
California. "In the same vear he entered
into r'£^tnership_T7ith Adolphus Earhorn
and established The business house which
later became the firm of Hellmann Bros.
& Co.. of which he became the senior
partner. His son. H. C Hellmann, \ras
admitted to the firm several years a?o*
The burden cf years recently began to
tell upon the deceased and he -was usable
to attend to his business affairs. His
sterling qualities enaeared h'm to a large
circle cf acquaintances. Arrangements
for the funeral are in progress.
Jlercnant Passes Away at TTis
Late Home.
Veteran Pioneer and
MRS. SHADBURNE
IS NOT CRUEL
aiCHABD HELLMAITUr DIES
AT AN ADVANCED AGE
The office of the supposed broker was
visited but only a chair and an empty
valise were discovered. The can com
pany officials declare that the facts of the
case have been exaggerated, and that
their firm will lose, nothing. The Selby
people assert that as the scale was sold
to the fradulent broker on credit by the
American Can Company under a special
contract, the only recourse of that con
cern is to find their man and force him
to a settlement by civil proceedings.
Meanwhile the self-styled broker has dis
appeared with the proceeds of his trans
action and his whereabouts is a mystery.
Last Saturday a man representing him
self to be a merchandise broker with an
office on Third street purchased a large
quantity of scale, a commodity princi
pally used for ballast, from the American
Can Company. The price to be paid was
$2 per 100 pounds, the agreement being
that tie scale should be delivered to the
Selby Smelting Companv, and payment
made when the last truckload was de
livered. The supposed broker received a
check from the Selby people for $2700 for
the stuff, but instead of returning with
it to the American Can Company's offlc*
he cashed It at the bank and has not been
seon since.
The American Can Company of 214 Mis
sion street and the Selby Smelting Com
pany were victimized to the extent of
$2709 by a smooth operator a few days
age. The identity of the man is unkiJ%wn,
but the police are working on slender
clues in the hope of ultimately apprehend
ing him.
to the Tune of S2700 by Un
known Man.
American Can Company Victimized
IBATJDTJXElfT BROKEB :
MAKES A RICH HAUL
cases were continued for a week, as h«
said he desired to communicate with some
friends.
Collected Coal Bills.
D. C. Courtney, wood and coal dealer,
511 Third street, reported to the polico
yesterday that while he was absent from
his office for some hours Saturday his
hired man, Edward Red ford, collected a
number of bills owing for coal and dis
appeared. The' exact amount ia not yet
known. Redford is about 50 years of age,
has gray hair and mustache and Is short
and stout..
The further hearing of the case will take
place on Saturday . at 11 o'clock before
Judge Mogan in the Hall of Justice.
Mrs. Foote was very positive In -her
identification of the two defendants. A
.brother of Galvin was brought in and di
vided his chair with him, but Mrs. Foote
persisted in her identification of the one
under arrest.
*they "pulled off my stockings, took my
money, : and , left . me senseless. . As soon
as I recovered I notified the landlord as
best I could." ,
. "Never mind, that is my brother," is
what Mrs. Foote alleges Anita Clark said
in response. .. , .
v. continued : to - object," ; said Mrs/
Foote, ''when that young man — that one
with the red necktie— punched me first on
the left side and then on 1 the right, side
of my face, and when I cried out, choked,
me and smothered me .with pillows. Then
In her room she said she disked Anita
Clark to assist her in undressing, but ob
jected to the presence of the young man.
Graphically Mrs. Foote , described the
"trip around town and' the -attempt to se
cure-rooms at the lodging-house ¦ "across
the -street from the Strathmore," of the
unwillingness of the woman In charge to
give them rooms, a drink or two in the
saloon down stairs, and the return to the
Elysium. I She said the ' elevator ¦ boy
would not let "that young man with the
red necktie," pointing to the defendant
Galvin, ride with them and. he was com
pelled to walk upstairs. . .;.': ¦
Not .feeling well she asked "the Clark
woman to take her home, drawing from
a small -bag concealed in her stocking a
roll;of bills, t containing at least $400. She
gave her companion a $5 bill to pay the
score; and then a carriage was ordered.
A stop 'was made at a saloon on Geary
street, or Brooke street, and more drinks
were ordered. Then • the carriage was
taken .again, the "brother," whom she
identified as the defendant Galvin, joining
her and Anita Clark.
Picon punches on the night of December
29 . proved the undoing: of , Mrs. Ellen J.
Foote, . the *> divorced -.wife of. Lucius II.
Foote, a ( former United States official ac
credited to the court of Japan, and "now
secretary of - the I Academy of Sciences.
Mrs. Koote, in;,her sick chamber. at St.
Luke's Hospital,, told Judge Mogan last
night the story of;' the assault which she
alleges was' committed upon her by Anita
Clark and Thomas Galvin, who are joint
ly charged With having robbed her in
her (apartment at the Elysium; 566 Geary
street, of $579 50 in coin and jewelry.
Since . the night of the assault Mrs.
Foote has been confined to her bed. Her
jaw was broken during the melee which
preceded the robbery and, although able
to talk last night, it was with much ap
parent pain, though very succinctly, that
she related the story of her wanderings
on that fateful night.
In order, that the rights of the defend
ants might not be, prejudiced by unneces
sary delays, Judge Mogan. decided to take
her testimony last night. He -was ac
companied by Assistant District Attorney
Harris, Clerk Fred Conway- and Stenog
rapher Daniel Long. The defendants were
present in charge of Detectives Dinan and
Wren, and were, represented by ex- Judge
Robert Ferral and Attorney : John J. Bar
rett,: who conducted the cross-examina
tion of the complainant. :-
Mrs. Foote was propped up in bed, her
head swathed in bandages. By her side
stood her former husband, who tenderly
ministered to her wants, as she told, ap
parently without reservation, of her ac
tions from the time she landed in San
Francisco, the day before the assault, un
til she recovered her «enses some hours
later in the Geary, street: lodging-house.
Attorney Barrett conducted the cross-ex
amination, but' was unable, to^ cause the
witness to depart from her original story.
On direct examination Mrs. Foote said
she arrived in the - city on December 28
and engaged apartments at the Elysium.
She called at her husband's place of em
ployment, and -returned home, sleeping
the next day until noon. Then she went
down town and about 7 o'clock went to the
Hoffman Cafe for supper. First she went
into the grill room, had several Picon
punches, and then went into a box. She
had several more drinks of Picon punch
and about 9. o'clock Anita Clark drifted
into the same box, and they had more
Picon punches and supper together. >
"1 had the pleasure ot seeing Mrs. Pat
rick Campbell, the English actress, in
"Magda' and she was great. I hear she
is coming out here, and you will have a
treat in store for you. I also saw Mrs.
Leslie Carter in 'Du Barry,' David Be
lascas new play, and it is wonderful.
The Republic 1 heater, where it was pro
duced, was purchased by Mr. Belasco, and
is one of the handsomest in New York."
•"I can assure you that I am delighted
to be back here again, away from the
trosts and snows oi the East," said she.
"1 was told that the sun was shining
eo 'strongly here that it almost burned
up ihe bouses, and when I arrived it was
raining. Just, my luck. I have been trav
eling- around with my husband, who is
doing a big business in Eastern cities, but
1 spent considerable time in Now York
getting a lot of new clothes. You should
see them; they are lovely.
"Yes, I have arranged for several new
plays for my •repertoire. Among them is
'Zaza,' by David .Belasco, which re
quires a. lot of stunning dresses. Another
})lay is 'Drusa Wayne,' by Franklin
i^'ies, which has created a sensation in
the East, and a new piay by Steele Mack
aye which is as yet nameless. 'Zaza'
¦will be the strong icalure of my coming
tcur ca the coast. I will return to the
city in the beginning of June, when I shall
open the summer season at the Alcazar
with White Whittlesey and the stocic
company. I cannot express to you how
1 long to face an Alcazar, audience again,
they are so kind and appreciative.
Florence Roberts, the charming and
popular actress, arrived in the city last
evening from the East, and when seen
at the Savoy she appeared to be delighted
at being back again in the Golden West.
She will soon begin rehearsals for a tour
of ihe Pacific Coast with a strorur sup
porting company under the management
of Belasco and ThalL The company will
leave this city in about three weeks. Dur
ing her stay in New York she bought a
large number of beautiful costumes for
tier already extensive wardrobe, and has
made arrangements with David Belasco
and other playwrights to produce some
new plays that h&ve never been seen on
the coast.
The answer of the administrators of the
Sutro estate to the contest of the Sutro
will filed by Mrs. Rose Morbio, a daugh
ter of the late Adolph Sutro, was iiled
yesterday. Mrs. Morbio claims that in
1882, when Sutro executed the will pro
bated as his last testament, he was of
unsound mind, and alleges still further
that the will executed in that year was
not his last will and testament. All the
allegations made by Mrs. Morbio are
denied in the answer filed by the admin
istrators of the estate.
There are but two of the SutVo heirs
who have consented to the compro
mise—Mrs. Dr. Merrltt arid Charles Su
tra The other four children of the de
ceased capitalist are not concerned in the
matter, as Dr. Merritt and her brother
have assumed the payment of the claim
as a personal obligation, entirely inde
pendent of whatever action the other
heirs wished to pursue. Out of their
share of the Sutro estate the two named
will pay the alleged widow and her chil
dren the sum compromised for. The
necessary legral action, which will put an
end to at least one phase of the contest
lor the wealth of the deceased philan
thropist, will be consummated in De
partment 9 of the Superior Court this
morning.
The sum given Mrs. Clara Kluge-Su
tro for her children is based on the
clause in the Sutro will which gives to
each of his children the sum of $10,000 as
a first claim on the estate.
Mrs. Clara Kluge-Sutro is to receive
$80,000 from the estate of. the late Adolph
Sutro, whose widow she claims to be, and
her two children, who, she alleges, are,
the result of her union with the million
aire, are to receive $10,000 each. These
are the terms of the compromise of the
claim against the estate made by her
in her contest of the Sutro will. She
agrees, upon the receipt of the $100,000, to
withdraw her contest, and as guardian
of the two little ones consents to the
dismissal of the one she inaugurated on
their behalf.
Propped Up in Bed' She Re
lates Story, of Brutal
Will Make Tour of the Coast
Before Opening Her
Season Here.
Two Legatees Assume the
Responsibility of the
Compromise. ' .
Florence Roberts, the
Popular Actress,
Returns.
Mrs. Clara KhigerSutro
Accepts Offer of the;
Heirs.
Police Judge Mogan
Takes Testimony of
Mrs. Ellen Foote.
HOLDS COURT
IN HOSPITAL
WILL PRODUCE
STRONG PLAYS
CONTESTS WILL
BE DISMISSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1902;
Harold Ives, Who Says He Is an Advertising
Man From New York, Is Under Arrest.
PASSES BOGUS CHECKS
ON BANK OF CALIFORNIA
GENTLEMANLY APPEARING ADVERTISING MAN FROM NEW YORK
WHO IS BEHIND PRISON BARS FOR DRAWING CHECKS ON A
BANK IN WHICH HE HAD NO FUNDS. '.
5
\%& THE PURE ' Vv/
GRAIN COFFEE
Some people can't drink coffee ; \
everybody can drink Grain-(X It ¦'
looks and^ tastes like coffee, but it
• > is made from pure grains. No
. ¦ coffee in it.
. Grain-0 is cheaper Hhan coffee ; :
costs about one-quarter as much. '
AH grocer*; AscnndiSc
you imagine my feeling when within two months I felt considerably
better, my general health was improved, and my pains had entirely
disappeared. I kept taking it six weeks more and am now enjoying
the best of health,. thanks. to you. Yours truly, Mrs. Sophie Binns.'*
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
When .women ' are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation^ weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of tho
womb, that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude,
excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-
gone" and "want-to-be-left-alone" feelings, blues, .and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Kefuse to buv anv other medicine, for you need the best.
; " Dear' Mrs." Tinkham : — Eighteen months ago I was a pretty
sick woman. 1 I^hadifelt for some months that I gradually grew
weaker, but finally I had such severe pains I could hardly stand it.
I had taken cold during menstruation and this developed into conges-
tion of the ovaries and inflammation, and I could not bear to walk or
stand on my feet. The doctor recommended an operation which I
would not hear of. One of my friends advised me to try Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, so I gave it a trial. Can
Mrs. Sophie Binns,' President Young
People's Christian Temperance Union,
Eruitvale,- Bal., Cured of Congestion and
Inflammation of the Ovaries by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
H ¦ \JsJffJj9S5S^^^ m iffJ m\\ f\ \\ fn\\ £1 /f i 4 \Jl II I I 1 I 9*9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I B.KATSGHINSKI |
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. g
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISC). |
$1,39 ./jBi
WE DON'T WANT MONEY. 1
WE NEED THE SPACE. I
Stock-taking is fast approaching £
and we do not propose to have a B
short line or any odds or ends In fi
. the house. THEY MUST GO, and U
we have placed the prices so low 5
. as to interest even a person who fj
does not need shoes. . Look the B
sizes over, and tf you see your size - H
COME TO THE STORE AT &
¦ ONCE. Do not let this chance pass. I
SPECIAL. SALE OF MEN'S CON- B
GRESS GAITERS in patent leath- |
er. Alaska seal and French calf. E
Odd sizes and short lines RE- I
DUCED TO 81. SO a pair. |
Ladles* Southern ties and kid ra
oxfords, short lines mixed together, m
narrow and broad toes, welts and 3]
turns, leather and French wooded SJ
heels. AH sold at ONE PRICE t
75c. . - c
TOUNG LADIES', MISSES'
AND CHILX)REN'S DRESS
SHOES— Fine vlci kid. made in
button and lace, made on • swell
spring heel lasts. The selling price
almost cut in half, but shoes must'
be sold.*
Child's sizes. 8H to 11 A knd B.TOc
Misses' sizes ll\i to 1. A to E.SOc
. LADIES' SHOES AT SI .35.
Some extra good values, still ln-
stock. Sizes 3 to 8, widths AA to.
B. Remember, these shoes ' sold
for J2.J5O and $3.00. v <t
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE TO v
FILL COUNTRY ORDERS on any
of the above shoes or oxfords, as ;
the. stock r is limited and we- have- ¦.
nor. full; sizes.
PHItADELPiiiA SHOE GO. 1
10 THIRD STREET. |
San Francisco. «
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECUUSTS FOR MEM.
Established 1SS1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed. ...
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO." CJLU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CELEBRATED "**#
tat STOMACH g»
Headache, Soup Stomach, Dizzi-
ness, Indigestion and Constipa-
tion are sympt m>or a diso.dered
stomach. The. B:tters is a specific
remedy for the stomach, ani will
cure these diseases. We urge ycu
to cive it a trial.
HS 18 K 96m RfaSr 1*9 RctP HS a Qt^3o9
CR- HALL'S BElNYlGORATORJpraagt
fctcp* all losses in 21 hours. Five *i» *™W§9
hur.dred reward lor ar.y case we |jS* Bfe}
cannot cure. This secret remedy ¦ [."• "'" - : M
cutts Emissions. Impotency. fejl fScJ
Varlcocele. Cronorrhoea. Gleet. ! 9*?* "5«5fl
Stricture*. Drains, Lost Man- - illi i'AJ
hood and ell oth«x ¦waEtins ef- HS* 588
leets cf se.lf-abuee or excesses. !t-tty*3»*c33
Kent relied. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $S; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address - orders
HALL'S MEDICAL IKST1TUTE. 846 Broad*-
¦way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10<3tt
U*rket rt.. 6. F. Send for free b<£k.- , ' ,
.' A'n'VTTP-TTS'FW B NT^iA Chicago woman advertised recently that' she
would give to any business ' man . who could
prove to her that for one month he had told the truth
in his transactions. The lady received 2000 answers,
all of which, needless to say, were untrue. This
•will probably be the last effort made to prove Chi
caco a suburb of heaven.
Although the German census was taken more than
a year ago, the tabulations have been carried on so
slowly that it is not till now that a final statement has
been made of the population, which is < found to be
56,367,178, or an increase of about 4,000,000 in five
years, or nearly 8 per cent. The increase which is
much larger than was expected is attributed largely
to a diminished emigration owing to the good times
prevailing in Germany up to the census year. The
figures show an increasing preponderance of Ger
many over France and Austria, and she will soon be
able to stand alone and have no need of the triple
alliance. . ....
With or without the wheat tax, however, it seems
well nigh certain that heavy duties will be imposed
on many imports. Free trade will to some extent
have to be abandoned. The duties will of course be
imposed at first as emergency measures, but in the
end they will doubtless remain as permanent parts of
the fiscal system of the kingdom. Free trade has
been found inadequate to the needs of empire.
Hardly any question that will come before Parlia
ment at this session occupies more attention from
the British public than this of meeting the deficit in
the revenues. It is believed that every kind of direct
tax, from that on beer to that on incomes, is about
as hi*gh as can be profitably levied. Indirect taxes,
then, become necessary, and no sort of tax would
yield a larger revenue than a tax on wheat. Naturally
the Government would gladly avail itself of such a
chance to make both ends meet until the war is over
were it not for the fear of a revolt on the *part of the
working classes. . It is known, however, that the
British workman is none too much in favor of the
South African war as it is, and a tax upon his bread
would incline him to such a vigorous opposition as
might lead to the defeat of the Ministry when the
bill was submitted to the Commons.
The tea and the sugar duties would not excite
much discussion in a juncture like this, but a duty on
corn will -almost certainjy stir the kingdom to its
depths. The free trade movement in Great Britain
began in a fight for the repeal of the corn laws. In
the crusade of the time Cobden and Bright taught
the people that a tax on wheat was a tax on bread,
that it was tyranny, that it tended to the starvation of
the poor. They succeeded in making the corn laws
odious. They induced the British people to . enter
upon a career of free trade and to look, upon customs
duties as creations of the devil. As the years have
passed the average British workingman has become
more and more devcted to Cobdenism, more and
more antagonistic to any tax on corn. It will be seen
that the task of the Ministry in devising a means for
raising a revenue is by no means a pleasant one.
The South African war has, in fact, brought the
British face to face with an emergency that cannot be
met under the free trade | fiscal systeml Sir Robert
Giffen has declared that the income tax as now im
posed has reached the degree of encouraging fraud
and cannot be made to yield much more. He ad
vises a reduction of that tax and the imposition of
indirect taxes. Some of the leading newspapers of,
London follow the lead and suggest the imposition
of higher duties on tea and sugar and the restoration
of a duty on wheat.
WHILE Rudyard Kipling in South Afrita
lias been singing of the glory of empire Sir
Robert Giffen at home in England has been
calculating the cost of it Kipling denounces the
stay-at-home youth of England as "flanneled fools
at the wickets and muddled oafs at the goals." Sir
Robert estimates that whether they be fools or not
the British people will have to face a deficit of about
$50,000,000 in this fiscal year, and intimates that they
will have to resort to customs duties to meet the
emergency, since the country has already as heavy a
burden of direct taxation as it can bear.
THE BURDEN OF THE BRITISH.
TUESDAY ..JANUARY 21, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proorieto^
Keren All rosatmle&lioai to W. S. LEAEE, Sfiripr.
M AXACKR'S OFFICE .Telephone PreM 204
ri'OUCATIOX OFFICE... BInrlcet and Tlilrd, S. F.
Telephone Pren 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteVen«on St.
Telephone I'rcm 202.
Delivered fcir Cnrrlrni. 13 On<« Per Week.
Sfnsrle Copies. 8 CentR.
Term* >»r SlnlK InclnUnr Pontages
X3AILT CALL flncJufllns flunday). on* year M.W
EAILT CALX* (lncludlnc Ea^day). « i »nths *.M
DAILT CALX, (lnclufilnr ?un<J»v). I months. l.M
r*IL.T CALX.— By S1n*l» Month CSo
FOTCDAY CALL. One Tear J - w
XTEEKLT CJlLU One l>sr '»•••
All postmaster- rr~ '••••'•"'ItciI to recelr»
*-nt««ort!»t I on«.
Encple copir* » II' * * - — - • ' ¦ 1 tvh^r requested.
Mall *ubecriben« Ir -¦• •-' r<Mr**H *honW to
r«rtlcular to rlr» both XZXT AKIf «f.n ADT5RKSS in order
to lssnr* a. prompt and K>nw« «-•>-<•¦<'» a nee with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE .111S Broadvrar
C. GEORGE KROOXKRHi
Xactftr FcrtigA AJTcrtisiztf. Xirgetttt Sofldia*. Chietjj. ¦
(Leer Olrtanc* Tt>.shon» "Central SSlt.")
' NEW TORK CORRESPOXDE?rr:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
KEW "TORK REPRESENTATIVK:
ITEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Dnlldtnc
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. BrestaiM. SI Union Eijuare:
Uernr M1U Hotel. j
CHICAGO XEWS STAXD3:
CtemtB Honie: P. O. New* Cc: Orett Northern Hotel:
t rciaont House: Auiltcrlum Hotel.
UTASHnrcTOTr <n. c> office. . . .i4os g nt* if. iv.
MORTO.V n. CRAVE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 62T MontiromerT. corner of Clay, op**
cctll S:JO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open cntil 9:S0 o'clock. €33
McAntster. open until »:30 o'clock. CIS Larklo. open until
*:» o'clock. 1S41 Mlaalon. cpen nnUI 10 o'clock. SX1 Market.
earner Sixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 1»« Valencia, open
«atU I o'clock. 1M Elerenth. open until S o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-seccnd and Kentucky, opes untU t o'clock.
OM Flllmons. open until I p. m.
The ringing of curfew .upon, the great
bell in the - tower » of ¦ the : chapel -. of - the
GuHd ¦ of -the. Holy j" Cross .has -been ' re
sumed at 1 Stratford-on-Avon.'
• Even Republicans in Boston^speak well of .Bryan's
recent address sin ; that city, Vevideritly .upon the theory
that -, when ; a ;: man ; is^politically dead; there;- should
be no '¦ harsh remarks . about" the groans of theighost
polyglot paper is the Pantolo*
dlori ' Magazine.; which is | published in* St.
Petersburg! and which contains critical
essays regarding the new books published
throughout the world. ; • Each of these ' es
says>¦: is printed in • the> language , of : ; the
country! where the new book of wh^ch 1 the
essay treats appeared. Thus a review of
an American book is printed In English,
a review of ¦' a ¦ French • book is ¦ printed ! in
French, and so " on. ' One number of ! this
periodical has contalnedarticles in fifteen
different languages, namely; German,
French 1 ,' English, Italian,' Spanish," Dutch,
Portuguese, . Swedish. Danish,- Hungarian,
Roumanian, Russian/ Servian,- Bohemian
and Polish.* • ¦ V ¦ -'V Si~'<; •
Another polyglot paper, is the Austrian
semi-monthly, entitled Acta Comparatiqnis
Literarurri Universarum. ;It : has .corre
spondents \ and subscribers all over .' the
world, and the contributions of 'the for
mer .'are • invariably; printed ;in .the . lan
guage ' 0 f the countries ' from which they
are sent. '. As ' a 1 ., result : it frequently hap
pens that in one number of the ¦ paper
there, are articles in '. twenty-five or, thirty
languages.'^ ' . ¦;: . •
¦One is the China Times,. which Is regu
larly printed ¦ in. seven • languages.^ It : is
published in the. capital of China, aid -the
languages in j which it appears ] are % the
English, French, German, : Italian," ' Rus
sian,'Japanese and; Chinese. •
Three - curious s polyglot periodicals are
now being published. >
The national idea is now so firmly, fixed "in the
minds and in the hearts of the American people that
there is [no need for any act of Congress' to give it
strength. ' ... The .rules of grammatical construction
and ] the precedents" established 1 by' the uniform usage
of the fathers of the rep"ublic in" speaking of the
United States as a plural noun will not , vanish as
the Mason and' Dixon landmarks have done, but still
the plural form will survive only, to show .from \ what
origin-the nation; grew: -The of Jthft nation: is
not going to be disturbedby. Justice Brewer's judicial
declaration any more than is the sectional issue to be
revived by the resurvey ?of , Mason arid > Dixon's lineV
Simultaneous with the report from Philadelphia of
the "disappearance of the old; landmarks comes the
announcement from Washington; that a resolution
has been introduced into the House declaring that in
official: documents , hereafter the' phrase "United
States''' shall be used as a singular noun. We are to
say the "United States is" instead of the "United
States are," as the fathers did. The cause for this
whimsical resolution is, said to be a recent declaration
of Justice Brewer from the bench of the . Supreme
Court that it is necessary in speaking of the United
States ] to use the plural form. Some Congressmen
do not . like the ? decision, and accordingly, they • aim.
at compelling the United States Court and all the
grammars; of the land to recognize the national idea
by speaking' of the; Union as one nation instead of
several States. \ ¦ ' ;'V
SURVEYORS employed by Maryland and Penn
sylvania to ascertain the exact line of the
boundary between them as : originally estab
lished have found almost all the old landmarks set
up by Mason and Dixon removed and scattered. It
is said to be difficult to determine the exact location
of the line. Some of the stones have been found in
use as doorsteps for dwellings and some, as grave
stones in rural churchyards. The okLstones, so far
as they can be identified, will be recovered andagain
set up' along the famous boundary. Thus the old
line will 1 be once more clearly established, but it will
never be Mason and Dixon's line any more, nor will
there ever be national controversies aroused over it
nor bloody wars waged along its front. , '¦-¦¦¦
A VANISHED LANDMARK.
In a short speech accepting the position of, chair-,
man of the finance committee Mr. Nixon'saicl:",."I
will not accept; executive position to be a mere fig
urehead. I am not. presumptuous enough to say<that
I can evolve out of my brain methods and ways of
managing political campaigns;-: I will not say .what'
my -methods, are, nor what* they,;, are to.be;. but • I
shall use every effort to. bring' about victory, to de-
That a man with. such : Jarge private business af
fairs" o'n his hands should undertake the direction of
Tammany politics in <this emergency is 1 certainly un
expected. The' Tammany organization, however, has
time and again shown; itself capable of making just
such a spectacular display of reform from within. It
was believed that John F. Carroll, who was Croker's
right-hand man, would succeed him when < the boss
retired, but that would have, meant- a continuance of
the old sy&tem.of doing politics and would have in
vited future defeat. The boss and his followers have
been wise enough to perceive the need^of making
some show of reform in order to gain strength- for
the next campaign, and -accordingly Croker retires,
Carroll follows him, and Tammany is turned over for
a time to the control of the ship-builder who de
signed the peerless Oregon.. . :.
Nixon, in. fact, is not at all the sort of man one
would ever expect to become leader of Tammany
Hall. He was born in Virginia in 1861 and educated
at the United States Naval Academy. Graduating
at. the head of his classj he was sent by the Govern-.
ment to continue his studies at the Royal Naval Col
lege at Greenwich. In 1884 he was transferred to the
construction corps of the navy. He designed the
battleships Oregon, Indiana and Massachusetts.
Resigning from the navy, he became superintending
constructor of "the Cramp shipyard at Philadelphia,
but after some years of service there started a ship
yard on bis own account in New Jersey, making
his home in New York City. He has written several
books and holdp a high position in the business
world, being associated in the directorate or as con
sulting engineer with several of the largest corpora
tions in the country.
GROKER'S retirement from the chairmanship
of the finance committee of Tammany Hall,
which carries with it the leadership of the or
ganization* is riot accepted by the politicians of the
city as being in any way final. One of the reasons
for incredulity as to Croker's permanent retirement
is the character of the gentleman chosen for his suc
cessor. Mr. Lewis Nixon, the new chairman of the
committee and the leader of Tammany, is said to be
exactly the kind of man Croker would like to leave
in charge for two years, knowing that by the end of
that time the new leader would be so much out 61
harmony with the organization that Croker can eas
ily get control of it again when the next election
approaches.
Richard Croker has said that his absence in Eng
land for eight months was the direct cquse of the de
feat of Tammany in the recent election. It is sin
cerely to be hoped that Mr. Croker will let nothing
interfere with an extended residence in the British
Isles. It-might be well worth the cost for reputable
New Yorkers to pay him to. stay in Europe.
TAMMANY'S NEW CHIEF.
British military experts estimate that from . the
opening of the war up to November I there have
been sent to -the armyjn South Africa about 300,000
horses and mules at a .total cost to the Government
of upward of $62,000,000. It is therefore not strange
that the War Office has issued instructions that the
troops shall receive better training "in the care of
horses. Horse flesh in fact is too costly to be thrown
to buzzards.
POLYGLOT NEWSPAPERS.
The other money to be raised will be
for the purpose of assisting in defraying
the expenses of the encampment. Major
General J. R. Carnahan, who is the head
of 70,000 Knights of the Uniform Rank In
the supreme domain of the United States,
arrived in this city yesterday .-< morning
This latter amount, he said, is being
raised by four assessments on the lodges.
Three assessments have already 'been col
lected and the rest of the money will- be
on hand before the session of the supreme
body. A condition is that the $20,000 shall
be deposited with the supreme master of
the exchequer on the second day of the
convention. . He said "the money will be
there at that time without fall."
Lodges Are Assessed.
Before the offer was made to the Su
preme Lodge of San Francisco as the next
place for holding the convention j the rep
resentatives.. had a tacit understanding
that' the merchants of San Francisco
would ¦ subscribe hot less than $25,000 and
that the subordinate lodges of the do
main of California would contribute $20,
000, the amount required by the supreme
convention for holding the same west of
the Missouri River line. .
Herman Schaffner, grand keeper of rec
ords and seal of the Grand Lodge, and
secretary of the general executive com
mittee—composed of the following named
in addition to himself, Charles L. Patton,
P. G. C, president; George Samuels, S.
R.; A. G. Booth, P. G. C; H. R. Arndt, P.
G. C; Walker C. Graves, S. R.; Brigadier
General C. F. McGlashan and Jacob Sam
uels—said yesterday that there had never
been any doubt in his mind or that of
his fellow committeemeh about the ability
of San Francisco fulfilling its obligation
and promises made to the Supreme Lodge
and the Uniform Rank. •
General Carnahan,' commander In chief of the
Uniform Rank, has never concealed that he is
strongly In favor of Los Angeles for next
summer's encampment.; . ¦ .
"In case the San Francisco committee should
not fulfill Its obligations and Los Angeles
should secure the supreme session and encamp
ment, I can see no reason why the $15,000 of
fered by the Grand Lodge of California should
.not go to the Los Angeles committee."
The local Knights, if they discover that San
Francisco has been unable to raise the money,
will not rest • until they have the promise of
both . the :. supreme . chancellor and the com
mander in chief of the Uniform Rank that the
session shall come to Los Angeles. They es
timate the maximum cost of entertainment at
$50,000, of which it Is said $20,000 Is already
available. Grand Chancellor Calkins says:
Cost Is Estimated.
For several months the inner councils of the
Knights of Pythias have known there was a
question if San Francisco could meet the prom
ises that her representatives made to the gath
ering In Detroit In 1900 and the railroad has
taken the precaution to make tickets for the bi
ennial gathering of the Supreme Lodge and
encampment of the Uniform Bank.. which, It is
estimated will attract 80,000 visitors, with final
destination either. In San Francisco or Los
Angeles. s
The supreme chancellor, Ogden H. Fethers of
Michigan, came to ' the coast January 1 with
the- expectation of completing all . preliminary
arrangements for the conclave • In San Fran
cisco, but was met by the statement that the
San Francisco committee' was unprepared and
he was asked for further . time. Mr. Fethers
was called to Honolulu and his final decision
was postponed until his return about a month
hence. The San Francisco committee had
promised to pay railroad fares and a per diem
expense of not less than $5 to each of the
members of the supreme session.
ONE "of the largest fraternal gath
erings that San Francisco has
had for years will be the biennial
convention of the Supreme Lodge
of the Knights of Pythias and the en
campment Of the Uniform Rank of that or
der to be held next August. For- more
than eighteen months the general execu
tive committee of the Grand Lodge of the
domain of California has been at work
making preparations for this event, and
everything at this time points toHbe suc
cess of the undertaking.
Notwithstanding the fact that there is
every assurance that the convention and
the encampment will be held here, Los
Angeles is seeking to throw a cloud over
the affair, as appears from the following
dispatch , from that city : .
Of course it is not expected that the whole scheme
will be worked out at once/- The objett of the com
mission appointed to devise, the, plans .has been: that
of formulating a comprehensive scheme for beautify
ing and adorning the city through all its growth for
years to come. Instead of developing as it were hap
hazard, with plans changing with each new adminis
tration,, the national capital will, be constructed
steadily along artistic lines clearly laid down, and
each successive improvement and new public build
ing will be in harmony with all that has gone before.
The advocates. of the scheme are sanguine it will be
adopted, and that'as a result Washington City will
become not only superior to any rival capital of our
time, but grander than the mighty cities of the an
cient world.
. In addition; to the grand boulevard the plans pro
vide fof blqcld of public buildings "on three sides of
the Capitol; lind another : magnificent group of struc
tures is designed around- the grounds of the White
House/fqrming a court:of:honof:.They also pro
vide forr a supjerb .driye'way r aiong • the shore of the
Potomac, arid an extensive series of parks. One of
the \j chief features of the; plans 'is; that of the much
discussed memorial } bridge.- ~ As -projected the east
ernterminus of the structure" will be at the foot of the
grand boulevard, and it, will' extend- in a straight line
toward Arlington; V X: V
The plans have been recently submitted to public
view at the" Corcoran" ArtiGallery, and from reports
thaV.come to us it ; appea'rs the. entire aspect of the city,
will be virtually changed:- All that part of Washing
ton marked oh, the~east; by the ; Congressional Li
brary, the.nver'on the west, Lafayette Park on the
north and the foot of Maryland- avenue on the south'
will, with: the exception of. the' Capitol, the White
House, the Monument^the Corcoran Art Gallery
and the Postoffice building, ; be torn down and re
constructed. From the Capitol straight westward to
the river will stretch a grand boulevard. This will
be bordered by spacious parks, which will form the
grounds for the proposed magnificent system of pub
lie buildings. * ' •' •
WASHINGTON CITY, -except with respect
to population' and trade, already ranks with
the greatest capitals of the;Old World. ' It
equals any of them \in the number and magnificence
of its public buildings ' and in r the • excellence of. its
streets and avenues. ; Plans; however, are now under
consideration which when carried out will give' it an
even greater magnificence and" enable it •¦ to attain
eventually an architectural grandeur that will place
it beyond rivalry. . \ , ',';¦" V
GRANDEST, OP CAPITALS.
Count von, Bulow .can; hardly have been talking
through his hat when he ¦announced the other day
that while the triple alliance' is- a very pleasant thing
it is no longer necessary to- Germany; but' it is none'
the less a dark saying and hard to understand. The
world is wondering'whether Germany can count upon
Ru ssia or .would play' a lone hand in case the alliance
should break to ,'pieces. • ¦ ': .
It has been a matter of great good fortune that up'»
to this time the question has never been one of party
politics, nor one of sectional interests. Compara-.
tively few people have thought whether the Nicar
agua route would benefit the port of New Orleans
more than the port of New York. They have looked
upon\the whole enterprise as a national question.
They have favored it because the commercial and
naval advantages which will result from the opening
of the route would more than repay the cost. It will
be a misfortune if that feeling toward the enterprise
be now changed into one of wrangling over the two
routes and the development of sectional parties in
regard to them. Such, however, is one of the possi
bilities of the present situation. Senator Morgan is
repqrtedvtojhave already declared for "Nicaragua or
nothing:" If there be many more like him we may
as well expect a deadlock for-the rest of the session.
The great majority of the people of the United
States are eager for the construction of a canal that
will open up a short waterway between the Pacific
and the Atlantic coasts of the country, but they are
partisans of no particular route. They are aware
that the choice of routes is a difficult matter, involv T
ing the solution of many complex problems of en
gineering, navigation and . maintenance. They are
aware that several commissions of experts have in
vestigated all of these problems and that the pres
ent commission in its final report has;recommended
the adoption of the Panama enterprise. To the mass
of the people that report is acceptable, just as the
former report in favor of the Nicaragua route was
acceptable. In fact, the people wish .a canal, and
they wish it without delay. Consequently there will
be a good deal of disappointment if at this time, just
as everything seemed to promise an early beginning
of the work, the enterprise should turn awry and de
velop into a partisan issue to be fought over in the
Congressional elections.
In addition to the possible divergence of interests
between the different sections of the Union there is
the clear antagonism between the interests of two
great corporations to provoke that contest and pro
long it. It is "hardly likely there will ever'. be more
than one canal across the isthmus. If the United
States construct a canal across Nicaragua the stock
of the Panama Company would become worthless and
all the money and labor expended on the canal would
be wasted. On the other hand, should the Govern
ment purchase the property of the Panama Company
then whatever hope the Maritime Canal Company
of Nicaragua has of obtaining from the United
States compensation for work done on that route
would vanish. The interests of the two. corporations
are irreconcilably adverse. It is, then, a foregone con
clusion that each will have a strong lobby at Wash
ington and that the fight between them will be fierce
and bitter.
R' EPORTS'from Washington are by no means
encouraging to the hopes, of. those who desire'
;. to see work on the isthmian canal begun dur
ing the present year. There is now danger that the
conflict between the advocates of the Panama route
and those of the* Nicaiagua route will be prolonged
through the whole of this session of .Congress.
There is even a possibility that the issue may become
a sectional one, for while the Nicaraguan route
would be more beneficial to the Southern States and
to the Pacific Coast, and perhaps to the Union as a
whole if all kinds of traffic be taken into considera
tion, still the 'Panama route has advantages for. the
Eastern States in some respects that the more north
ern route does not offer. * ' - . >
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL QUESTION;
Notwithstanding the. vigor of that assertion, the
opinion prevails ' that after Vall'Mr. Nixon will find
himself nothing more than a figurehead. It is said
that none knows better than Croker himself .that such
a man as Nixon cannot ' make himself valuable \ to
Tammany. In fact, one politician representing the
Hill faction of the ; Democracy of r the State is re
ported to have estimated Vhe situation in, this way :
"Nixon is young and energetic. He is clean and has
a good reputation. That is the reason Croker put
him in.:; Thcre.will bet little to "dp: for the next.two
vear . s .-. . Nixcm may. be to tworry along .for -that
length of time .without a riipiure ;with certain pow
erful; leaders, but I. doubt -it.* . Croker and the old
gang will be back when the- next campaign' is cm,
and I make this prediction— that two years from now
Croker will be back- as leader and Nixon will-be;ih
an anti-Tammany .organization, while -Sullivan, Far
rell and the gambling combine will be hand in glove
with Carroll and Croker in running Tammany." •
velopj strengthen and build up the party in this "city,
and to make this committee more* powerful."
'Tm from London,'.' ; he said,, proudly.
"Yes, sir; all right,'' replied 'the hotel
clerk. ".'I'll warn : the -other -guests *' Tit-'
Bits.' ¦-¦//-•;¦>¦ - v" ' ' ' •'
' "Every time - I've . seen It on " the table
that way you've done your share to -take
it off ."— Yonkers; Statesman.
She— Why tso?
He-I didn't "think you- liked corn on
the ear.
Statesman— Considered? I've done a lot
more* than" that. -I've made inquiries all
over my. district, and it won't affect my
chances. for another term. in the slightest
degree.— Washington Star.'
Confidential Friend-I'm not sure about
this measure being" for the public good
Have you considered what would be the
result if it should pass?
t'No: ( Jes' : by .takm' It easy, v Instead o'
pllin,up;wealf;an',havln f to get poor by
givln'.it away, I started out poor in do
fust place an' have helt me own man
fully : ever, since."— Washington Star
'Tve saved a heap V time," said Mean
dering-.Mike, complacently.. ¦ ¦¦...
"By. hurrln'?" asked -Plodding Pete id
prehensiyely. '• : - . - „ . - "• . p
"Great- Croesus! Are you trying to see
if you , can't , make , as . much money i In
two hours as I do ?"-Chlcago Tribune
"Twenty dollars."
The dentist had occupied; about two
hours in filling a cavity in the trust mag
nate's front tooth.
"What Is the bill?'-' asked the mag
nate, after the job was over.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
SNOW SINCE 1S82— S. B., City. Snow
has fallen in San Francisco since 1882, as
appears from the following record of the
Weather Bureau of this city:
February 6. 1SS3 — A few flakes of snow fell
during the day. " •
Februajry 7. 1SS*> — Snow fell at Intervals dur
ing the day, depth varying from one to two
inches.
February 5, 1SS7— Snow fell during the day;
depth at office 3.7 inches, while In the west
ern portion of the city It was fully seven
inches deep.
January 4, 1SSS — A few flakes of snow fell
during the day.
January 16, 1SSS — Light snow fell to the
depth of 0.1 Inch.
- March 2. 18JH — A few flakes of snow fell
during the day.
March 2. 1S06— Snow mixed with rain fell
at . Intervals " during the day.
March 3, 1886 — Heavy snow fell during the
Bight: depth at office at 8 a. m., one Inch.
AMERICANS ON GUARD— D. M., Point
Arena, Mendocino County, Cal. "Put
none but Americans on guard to-night"
was one of the mottoes of the Know
Nothings. This sentence was the counter
sign on the eve of an important battle
of the Revolutionary War. It has by
some historians been attributed to Wash
ington, by others to Israeli Putnam, who
was the chief of the Sons of Liberty. That
it was used as a countersign there is no
doubt, but who Issued the countersign has
never been definitely settled.
HOMES FOR OLD PEOPLE— C. F. M.,
Berkeley, CaL The following are the ad
dresses of homes for ' old people In San
Francisco: Old Ladies* Home (Protestant
Episcopalian), Golden Gate avenue, be
tween Central and Masonic avenues; Old
People's Home, Pierce and Pine streets;
Old Ladies' Home, Mound University; St.
Patrick's Home for Old Men, St. Mary's
Hospital; Hebrew Homo for Aged and
Disabled, 507 Lombard street. There is
also the German Altenheim at Fruitvale
(East Oakland).
TEACHER— N. N., City. For a position
as a teacher in the public schools In the
Philippine Islands file application with
the recorder of the University of Califor
nia at Berkeley, and it will be transmit
ted to the proper authorities. Would sug
gest, however, that your composition and
spelling as appears in letter of Inquiry
will not recommend you for the position
of a teacher In any school.
SERMONS AT FUNERALS-^J. S.. Ala
meda, Cal. It is probable that the ancient
Egyptians were the first to have funeral
sermons. The body of the dead, before
being taken to the place of burial, was
carried before forty-two judges, who in
quired into the virtues and vices of the de
ceased. If the judges rendered a favora
ble verdict, the relatives pronounced eulo
gies upon'the dead.
BOUNTIES— Subscriber, Hayfork, Cal.
The general law of the State gives coun
ties the right to offer bounties for the.
destruction of destructive animals. ; .You
should write to the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors of the county in which you
live to ascertain if the board had offered
a bounty for the killing of panthers or
mountain lions.
BRITISH COLUMBIA— P. B. S., City.
British Columbia and Vancouver Island
became Independent crown colonies in
1858. and remained such until 1866, when
they were united under one government.
In, 1S71 British Columbia entered the con
federation and is now a part of the Do
minion of Canada.
COIN AND PAPER.— C. K. City. A
Columbian half dollar of 1392 commands a
premium of 10 cents. There were no 50
cent greenbacks of 180L Until you de
scribe the 25-cent fractional currency you
have, it will be impossible for this de
partment to state if it la valued at more
than its face.
At the convention" held In Detroit in
1900 nearly 200,000 people visited that city
during Knights of Pythias week, and. in
1S98 a like number crowded Into Indian
apolis.
. Ex-President Dohrmann of. the Mer
chants' Association said that when the
matter was broached about two years
ago the directors pledged to do all in
their power , to ¦ assist in raising the
amount that might be "required for tho
Knights of Pythias week. •
Dr. Arndt of the general committee said
that he is fully satisfied that the mer
chants of San Francisco, knowing' that
nearly eighty thousand people will be in
this city for more than a week, will pot
allow them to go to Los Angeles.- Ine
matter as to Los Angeles is conditional,
and all those Interested feel confident
that the convention and encampment will
be held here and the people of Los An
geles will not be required to put up $30,000,
which they offered if the convention and
camp goes to that city.
The major general said that he had no
doubt about the ability of San -Francisco
to come up to • the requirements for the
camp. Furthermore, he stated that the
various organizations, for more than a
year, when the California trip was
broached, have been laying aside a fund
to spend in the Golden State.' One organ
ization In Indiana recently held a street
fair for that purpose and it netted more
than $6000. . ' ; ... -
There will be a monster parade, and
during encampment week there will be a
competition for valuable prizes, in which
thirty companies will take part. Arrange
ments have been made to secure the Me
chanics' Pavilion, which is to be con
verted- into an immense barracks for the
accommodation of the visiting Knights
and to protect them from the effects that
a change of s climate might bring about.
At first it was thought that a military
camp would be established at either the
Presidio or Golden Gate Park, but this
scheme was not favorable.
Monster Parade.
General Carnahan, who stopped at sev
eral points on his way to this city, says
that the Knights everywhere are most
enthusiastic and that outside of the con
tingent from" California more than ten
thousand uniformed Knights will be in
San Francisco. He said that from, data
received at headquarters it is safe to say
that an average of five persons will ac
company each Knight, so that In addition
to the quota of strangers from this State
there will be fifty thousand strangers
in this city from territory beyond the
California lines.
from Indianapolis for the purpose of hav
ing -»a consultation in this city with Su
preme Chancellor Ogden H. Fethers, who
will arrive here from Honolulu on the
Alameda to-morrow, the members of the
executive committee and the officers of
the Merchants' Association, in relation to
the amount that the merchants of San
Francisco may contribute. The assur
ances that the general committee has
received leave, the committee says, no
doubt as to the favorable outcome of the
meeting that will be held on Wednesday
afternoon at 4 o'clock.
POINTS IN CREBBAGE— E. S.. Jack
son, Amador County, Cal. The greatest
number of points that can be held In one
hand of crlbbage is 29, namely: Three
fives and jack in the hand, with other
five of the suit of the jack held in hand
turned up.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TWO OF THE CHIEF OFFI
CERS OF THE KNIGHTS OF
. PYTHIAS.
A pleasant dinner party was given 'at
the Bella Vista last evening by Mr. and
Mrs. John R. Glascock.
Mr. and Mrs. Adam Grant left for the
East on Saturday. They w}ll not return
for several weeks.
• . • •
Others who . received yesterday were
Mrs. William F. Thornton and Mrs.
J. M. Nougues, at the Richelieu, and
Mrs. Washington Dodge at 1123 Van Ne33
avenue.
Miss Helen Dean assisted her mother,
Mrs. Walter Dean, in receiving their
friends yesterday afternoon at their
apartments in the Palace Hotel, it being
their last reception day.
Miss Hush came from Fniitvale to re
ceive with her sister, Mrs. Thomas Mageo
Jr., at the Palace yesterday, as they pre
viously sent out cards for Mondays in
January. Scores of callers were received
during the afternoon.
• • •
Mrs. T. B. Bishop gave a delightful
luncheon to fourteen guests yesterday at
her home,. 2309 Washington street. Mrs.
Nuttall was guest of honor. The decora
tions were yellow, consisting chiefly of
jonquils. Everything was perfectly ap
pointed and the luncheon a success in
every detail. Those present were: Mrs.
Nuttall, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, Mrs.
Oliver P. Evans, Mrs. Harrison Smith.
Mrs. George W. Glbbs,- Mrs. Kane. Mrs.
Winslow, Mrs. Gaston Ashe. Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. James Otis, lurs. James Hall
Bishop, Miss Kane, Miss Nuttall and Mrs.
Bishop.
Miss May gave a euchre party yester
day afternoon at her home, 1580 Fell
street- Fifty guests were present. Miss
May was a charming hostess and made
the affair a great success. The prize win
ners were: Miss Helen Wright, Mrs.
James Coryell, Miss Grace Marshall, MIs9
Flo Yates and Miss Grace Garoutte.
The most charming young ladles wore
their mcst fe.tchlng gowns and the offi
cers were splendid hosts. Dainty refresh
ments were served and the dance was a
most enjoyable one.
... . ••,;•»
The Presidio hop last evening was a
delightful affair and the best Riven
thu3 far. The officers invited four guests
each and every one who received v an in
vitation made a point . of being: present.
There* was a larger crowd than usual,
more than 200 guests being in attendance.
PRESIDIO HOP
OUTSHINES ALL
PAST EFFORTS
1BE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY; 'JANUARY 21, 190H.
SAN FRANCISCO GETS
KNIGHTS' ENCAMPMENT
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grerd Opera-house — "Don Caesar de Bazan."
California — "Julliui Caesar."
Tlvoli— "The Toy Maker."
Central — "The Fire PatroL**
Alcazar — "For Uie White Rose.**
Columbia — "The Princess Chic"
Orpheuzn — Vaudeville.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
crealsr.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Dt. Sanford'a IStver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine. VesetabieCure forLlverllln.
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation* Malaria.
According to a French army paper, sui-
cide ia more common In the French army
than In any other in Europe. Of the an-
nual death rate in all branches of the ser-
vice suicide accounts for 5 per cent.
Special Information supplied dally, to
business houses and public men by th<*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1M£ •
Townsend's California, glace frulta, 50c a
pound, In flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for, Eastern friends.
629 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townaend' 3.*SANTA ROSALIA— To Fall Jan 1»— Ger
bark Schlffbeck. for Tacoma. Jan 21— Schr A
J West, for Grays Harbor. m Jan 22— Ger bark
Pallas, for Tr.coma. Jan 26— Ger bark Als
"fed^rteteDic 27-ber bark Christine.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan 19.
UMPQUA— Arrived Jan 17— Schr Louiis.
from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 20— Schr Expansion,
from San Pedro. . „
i Arrived Jan 1&— Stmr Gueen, from San
Francisco. ¦ • . •
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 20— Ship Loch
Garve. from Valparaiso.
Sailed Jan 20 — Bark Cart, for Queenatown.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Fulton,
from Eureka. _.. " '
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 19— Bktn
Gardiner City, hence Jan 7.
Sailed Jan 19 — Stmr Melville Dollar, for San
Pedro, via San Francisco.
, BANDON — Arrived Jan 20 — Schr Coqullle
River, hence Jan 11. • •
VENTURA— Salied Jan 20— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for Hueneme. •
Sailed Jan 20r-Stmr Geo Loomls. for San
Francisco. • • • -
i PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed outward Jan 20
—Nor stmr Margherita. for Portland. Or.
Arrived Jan 20— Br stmr Neptune, from
Hongkong. _
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence Jan lfj; Br ship Ardnamurchan.
from Santa Rosalia: bktn Addenda, hence
Jan *1. ' *
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 20 —
Stmr San Mateo, from Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Rainier,
hence Jan 16.
Sailed Jan 20. 3:30 p m — Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco. ¦ «- „ ._
NEAH BAY — Passed inward Jan 10 — Schr
Expanskn, from San Pedro; achr Manila, from
Passed in Jan 20— Stmr Mlneola, from Port
Los An«celes. for Nanalmo.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Me
teor, hence Jan 13. _
COOS BAT— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco. _^ ' ' ¦
Sailed Jan 20— Schr Jennie Wand, for San
Francisco.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 20. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SE. velocity ltt milea per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON — Arrived Jan 20 — Stmr Sandrini
ham, from Glasgow.
HULL — Arrived Jan 18 — Staor Royalist, from
San Francisco and Valparaiso, via St Vincent.
C V. and Plymouth.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New York. ¦
SINGAPORE— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Chins
Wo, from Glasgow, etc, for Yokohama and Se-
GLASGOW — Sailed Jan 18 — Stmr Lauren
tlan, for New York; stmr Pomeranian, for
Portland.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from. Genoa and Naples, for New
LiVERPOOL^ — Arrived Jan 20 — Stmr Saxon,
from New York, via Queenstown.
BREMEN — Sailed Jan 10 — Stmr Hhein, for
New York, and passed Prawle Point Jan 20.
NAPLES^ — Arrived Jan 20 — Stmr Vaderland.
from Antwerp.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Jan 20— Stmr
Rhynland. from Liverpool, via Queenstown:
stnir Buenos Ayrean. from Glassrow and Liver
pool, via St Johns, N F, and Halifax.
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 18— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco.
from Hamburr.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Jan IS — Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. '
BIP.KENHEAD— Arrived Jan IS— Br ihlp
PoltaHoch, from Oregon.
DUBLIN— Arrived Jan 17— Br ship Hllston,
from Oregon.
COLON— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
•Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Alllanca. for New York.
MARGATE ROADS — Anchored Jan IS — Br
ehip Crown of Denmark, from Hamburg, for
San Francisco.
PANTELLANIA — Pasaed Jan 18 — Br »tmr
Moyune, from Tacoma, for United Kingdom.
PANAMA— Sailed Jan 1&— Stmr Leelanaw.
for San Francisco.
ZAMBOANGA — Arrived Jan 19 — Ship Janus
Drummond. from Newcastle, Ans.
NANAIMO — Arrived Jan 19, 8:30 a, m — Ger
stmr Denderah, hence Jan 15.
Sailed Jan 20 — Ger stmr Denderah, for
Coroox.
SALINA CRUZ— Sailed Jan 1SV- Bktn Amar
anth, for Port Townsend.
VICTORIA — Arrived Jan 20 — Stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong; stmr Mineola. from Port Los
Angeles.
Windjammers Reach Port in a Widespread Flpckl
Two riore Vessels on Overdue List.
LARGEST CARGO OF FLOUR EVER
CARRIED WILL GO OUT ON ARAB
THE SAN PBANCISCO ! TUESDAY, JANUARY 2 1^ 1902.
SCHOONER FOREST HOME, WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT FROM HAKODATE YESTERDAY AFTER A VERY
TEMPESTUOUS VOYAGE, DURING WHICH THE STAUNCH CRAFT AND ALL. ON BOARD NARROWLY ES
CAPED GOING TO THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA. •
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
day, except when there are but three tide:, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except wnen a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the numbei
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. - Tho plane of reference is ihe mean dt
the lower low waters. ..
TO SAIL.
Forest Home Made Quick Trip.
The smart passage made by the schoon
er Forest Home, which arrived on Sun
day from Hakodate, caused considerable
comment yesterday along the front. The
voyage was tumultuous from start to fin
ish and the vessel suffered considerable
damage. She lost several sails and had
her fore gaff carried away. In spite of
.adversity, however, she made San Fran
cisco in 32 days.
A Flock of Windjammers.
Seven windjammers of assorted rigs and
sizes came through the Golden Gate yes
terday afternoon in a wide spreading
flock. Three of them — the barkentlne W.
H. Dlmond and schooners Rosamond and
St. Alexander— were from Honolulu. The
others came from northern ports. They
were the brig W. G. Irwin and the schoon
ers Okanogan, Falcon and Lizzie Vance.
On the Overdue List.
The Dutch steamer Wilhelmina and the
ship Alice McDonald were yesterday add
ed to the list of the overdue. On the
Wilhelmina, now out 43 days from Mojl
to Port Townsend, reinsurance Is quoted
at 20 per cent. Ten per cent has been
paid on the McDonald. She is bound from
Newcastle to this port and is now out DO
days.
Officer of German Ship Hurt.
.Harry Wilson, chief officer of' the Ger
man ship Peru, lying at Main-street
wharf, sustained serious injury on Sun
day evening by falling into the bay be
tween the ship and the wharf. Wilson is
said to have been under the influence of
liquor. At the Harbor Hospital,- where
he was taken for treatment, it was found
that he had sustained a fractured skull
in addition to serious . lacerations of the
scalp. *. v . ¦ '
Changes' of Captains.
Captain Peterson has been placed In
command of the schooner J. M. Coleman
and Captain Johnson Is now skipper ' of
the steamer Noyo. •. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time* and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published I by olfidal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters - occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than, at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Chartered for Australia.
The ship Spartan has be£n chartered
and will to-day begin loading barley and
lumber for Australia.
i Per 8Chr Falcon, • from Coo« Bay. Jan 20 —
Ofl the Farallones, Jan 20. saw a four-masted
bark bound in. .(Probably Olympic, from Hono
lulu for San Francisco.) . ¦ .
MEMORANDUM.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
New bktn Esnada will be' launched at Eu
reka Jan 25 for Sudden & Chrlstensen of this
city. Dimensions : Lentrth, 200 ft: width. 40
ft 6 In; depth,. IS ft; capacity, 1000 M ft lum
ber.
Per Dllot boat America — Jan 19. 0 d m. oft
Lightship No 70, stmr South Portland, from
Portland, for San Pedro.. ,
SPOKEN.
. Monday. January 20.
Stmr Westport, Erlckson. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Devltt. Bowens Landing.
Stmr W. H Kruger, Kroff, Tillamook.
Stmr Newbure, Peterson, GraysJ Harbor.
. Stmr San Pedro, Jahns^n, Eureka. ' , ' .
•Schr Kate and Anna, Lut Jens, hunting and
flahlnr cruise
SAILED.
. ' Monday. January 20.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.-.
Br stmr Algoa, Hansford, Moji. Seattle and
Manilas Pacific Mall Steamship Co. V
CLEARED.
Stmr Newsboy. Johannsen, 34 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Illggins, 21 hours from Port
Harford. ' - •
Ger stmr Herodot, Brandenburg, 4 days from
Port Hadlock; put in to finish loading.
Nor stmr Tellus, Federsjn, 89 hours from
liadysmlth.
Bktn W H Dimond, Kansen, 20 days from
Honolulu. .
Brig W. G-.Irwln. .'Garthley, 18 days from
Roche j Harbor.
Schr Falcon.' Fergeson. 5 days from Coos
Bay. . • . ¦ ¦ •
Schr Rosamond. Johnson, 20 days from
Honolulu. . .
Schr S T Alexander, Johnson, 17 days from
Kahulul.
Schr Okanosan, Ransch, 12 days from Port
Gamble. . • • '
1 Schr Lizzie Vance. Olsen, 0 days from Cos
mopolls.
Monday, January 20.
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith. .70 hours from New
port, and way r>orts.
Stmr Argo, Hughes, 52 hours from Coquille
River.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 51 Vi hours from
Portland, via Astoria 44 hours.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
THE steamship Arab will sail to
day for Hongkong with the larg
est shipment of flour ever taken
out of this port by one vessel.
She has been loading for some
time at Steuart-street wharf and when
she sails will t have 57,000 barrels of flour
below her hatches. This is part of a big
Oriental order. The Algoa, which sails
to-day from Tacoma, will take from that
port to the Orient 8000 tons of flour, aa
well as a large consignment of lumber.
p. . m.. Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant II. S. Navy, in Chars*.
. Although not officially posted as miss
ing, the schooner Reliance is now counted
among the lost. She left here November
21 for Coquille River and has neither been
seen nor heard of since. What is sup
posed to be the 'capsized hull of the ves
sel was seen by the tug Tyee several
weeks aso.
No Hope for Reliance.
The French bark Max was to have been
placed on the drydock • yesterday to give
the Insurance surveyors an opportunity
to estimate the extent of damage sus
tained in the collision with the Walla
Walla. She arrived at the dock too late,
however, and will have to wait until the
tide la again suitable, which will be about
7:30 this morning.
Kax Was Too Late.
The steam collier Edith is discharging
the last of her cargo into .the Hongkong
Maru. She will go to the Union Iron
Wcrks to-morrow for a thorough over
hauling. She is to have new furnaces and
new tubes; her officers' quarters are to
be remodeled and she Is to be provided
with a water ballast tank. She will be
laid up about six weeks.
Edith. Will Be Overhauled.
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday
reviewed his action in fining Henry Pe
terson, owner of the launch Sibyl, $200 for
failing to display the regulation lights
recently while towing a schooner out of
Oakland Creek, and imposed a fine of S3
Instead. Mr. Peterson proved by wit
neEses that the failure of the launch to
show her lights was due to the accidental
loss of the headlight of the launch.
Henry Peterson's Fine Reduced.
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse filed his report yesterday in the
matter of the limitation in liability of the
Pacific Coast Company and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company for the loss
of the .steamship Wana Walla on Jan
uary 2. The Commissioner finds that the
Pacific Coast Company was and is the
owner of the Walla Walla, and that the
value of the wreck after the collision
was $260 and of the freight and passage
money pending was $1355 59, making -a to
tal of $1615 59.
Appraisement of the Walla Walla.
He will be brought back, and with the
priors against him the probability is that
he will get life imprisonment. He is sus
pected of being- implicated with Case and
Kelly, who are also ex-convicts, in a
number of recent hold-ups In Los An
geles. Case and Kelly will also be brought
back to the Alameda jail.
Myrtle has served a number ¦ of terms
for petty larceny and a term of three
years in San Quentln for burglary and a
term of ten years for grand larceny, also
a term of four years in Folsom for -an
attempt to. commit burglary. He had only
been released a few days on the last
named charge when he was arrested for
the burglary in Dunbar's room.
Myrtle was arrested on April 11, 1899,
for breaking into the room of F. A. Dun
bar at 1316 Market street. He was con
victed" by a jury of burglary in the first
degree on June 20, and after several con
tinuances appeared for sentence on
July 18.
W. Daly, who was then bailiff in Judge
Lawlor's court, had been warned to look
out for Myrtle, as he was a slippery cus
tomer, but Daly thought it would be im
possible for him to play any trick on him.
There were other prisoners . in the dock,
and when Myrtle's case was called he had
disappeared. The police were notified, but
no trace of the escaped prisoner could be
found. /
One of the suspected footpads arrested
in Los Angeles Sunday along with Prank
Case and William . Belly, who escaped
from the Alameda County Jail on De
cember 25 last, Is Chris Myrtle, alias
Merkle, alias Sullivan, alias Brown, an ex.
convict, who made his escape from Judge
Lawlor's courtroom on July 18, 1899. while
awaiting his sentence on a charge of
burglary.
Ho HadEscaped From Dock in
Judge Lawlor's Court
room.
Los Angeles Police Place
Criminal Under
Arrest.
LIFE SENTENCE
AWAITS MYRTLE
TUESDAY. JANUARY 21.
FROM • SEATTLE.
I NOTE — In the above exposition of the | tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the - successive tided : of - the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
: The * Time Ball on i the ; tower of ; thrt : Ferry
building , was dropped : exactly , at noon to-day,
i.- : e;.'=- at ; noon \ of the : 120th meridian, or at 1 8
Time Ball.
Branch ¦ Hydrographlc \ Office," U. S. N., 1 Mer
¦ - chants' Exchange, . ; Ban - Francisco, >Cal.:
¦ January ¦ 20, 1902.-.- ¦'
7
Its
lui
i rises
i sets
>n set;
I Time I
is ...
; ....
ts ...
ITlmet
|h~w|
.....\......7:22
............5:20
......4:64 a. m.
2 n
U3
2:25
3:123
4: Hi
H W
0:10
1:00
1:40
2:20
2:5!)
F, ,
To
2.8
27
8:46
9:39
10:30
L W
5:09
6:02
'6:56
7:53
8:56;
Time
Lr W
5.0 3:49
6.0 4:34
5.9 5:19
H W
2.6 11:20
2.4 12:10
2.2 1:01
2.1 1:58
2.0 2:C8
ITlmel .
i Ft. BX,
H W •
-^08 10:82 To
—1.0 11:36 4.(1
—0.9 ..... .:...
L W .
! 5.8 6:01 — O.S
5.6 6:43—0.4
6.2 7:24 0.2
4.8 8:04 .0.7
4.3 8:46 ,1.3
:5
!6
5.1
6.2
5.3
5.4
¦ 6.41
bteamer.
From.
| .Due.
Lakrae Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 21
Phoenix Mendocino Jan. 21
Rival........ Wlllapa Harbor Jan. 21
Crescent City Crescent City Jan. 21
Empire Coos Bay .* Jan.' 21
G. Dollar Ventura Jan. 21
Washtenaw. . Tacoma Jan. 21
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 21
Argyll New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. 22
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 22
Alameda Honolulu '..... -.. Jan. 22
Coronado. ; . . Ban Pedro Jan. 22
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
North Fork. . Humboldt ¦¦ ... Jan. 22
Santa Ana./. Seattle & Tacoma (Jan. 22
lionlta.... ... Newport & Way Forts Jan. 2o
Kama Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan. 23
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 23
Despatch San Pedro ..Jan. 23
Iaqua San Pedro Jan. 23
Titanla Nanaimo '. « Jan 24
Sequoia Grays Harbor j an j.*
G. VV. EMer. Portland & Astoria .... .Ian. '/ft
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 25
Progreso Seattle jan 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 26
China China & Japan Jan 27
Curacao. Mexican Ports Jan °7
Sierra........ Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan". 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Jan ' 27
Coos Bay.... Newport/ & Way Ports Jan! °7
Rainier...... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan 28
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 20
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan 29
Columbia...-. Portland & Astoria Jan 30
bteainer.
Destination.
[Sail*.
Fi#r.
G. Dollar..
Arcata. . . .
Argo..;...
Gaelic..;..
Uniatllla..
Empire....
Alliance...
Mandalay .
Lakme. ...
Herodot...
Pomona...
C. Nelson..
Coronado. .
State Cal..
Coos Bay . .
Czarina. . . .
Iaqua. .... I
Koran City.
Rival......
.Columbia..
January 21. | ¦'
Grays Harbor 5 pm pj er 2
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
Coquille River . .' 4 pm PVer 2
China ' & Japan .... l pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports. . 11 am Pier 0
. - January 22.
Coos Bay .......... 12 m Pier 13
Portland & Way Pts. 10 am Pier Id
Coqullle River 12 m Pier , 2
Astoria & Portland. 5 pmiPler 2
Hamburg & Way ..|Pler3i
Humboldt 1 ::jo plPier 0
Astoria & Portland. 0 nm Pier 2
Grays Harbor '....'. fi vwiPier i
Fan Diego & Way... U ana Pier 11
N e wport «: Way .... 0 am] Pier 1 1
January 23.. - I.
Seattle & Tacoma... 12 mlPier 8
Humboldt 5 pm Pier—
Los. Angeles Ports.. 3 pmiPier a
Wlllapa Harbor Pier 2
Astoria tk Portland. ill aniiPier«*
January. 24. I j ¦-..-¦.
Humboldt ...: |0am]Plerl3
". Junnury 25. j \t
Point Arena .'.....'. 2pm|Pler 1
Humboldt It am| Pier 2
Honolulu . 2 pm Pier 7
-.January 2U. . 1
San Diego & Way..| OamlPierll
jNewpori & .Way Pta.i u am Pier 11
Puget Sound. Ports. til am Pier «
Seattle & Tacoma. . . 10 am Pier 2
January 27. - •,
Grays Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
i :. January 28. | . •
N.. T. via Panama.. 2 pmj Pier 10
Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
Astoria Ac Portland.lll amiPier^l
January 30. I I
China: & Japan. '..;..| 1 pm|PMSS
Eureka. ...
Point. Arena
North Fork
Alameda..
Santa Rosa
lionlta. . . . .
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Sequoia....
Argyll .'...'.
City Para..
U. Elder...
H. K. Maru
Steamer.
'or.
Balls.
Dlrlgro.". . ". . . . Rkagway A Way. Ports. I Jan." 21
City Seattle. J | Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. 23
F.xcelslor Cook» Inlet & Way •pts.Uan. 'xt
Farallon . . : . '. Skagway : & .Way Ports. Jan ."27
Dolphin. .. . . . Skagway ; &' Way , Ports. Jan. ,29
Cottage City. ! Skagway & Way .Ports. Jan. SO
bteamer.
From.
| .Due.
Lakrae Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 21
Phoenix Mendocino Jan. 21
Rival........ Wlllapa Harbor Jan. 21
Crescent City Crescent City Jan. 21
Empire Coos Bay .* Jan.' 21
G. Dollar Ventura Jan. 21
Washtenaw. . Tacoma Jan. 21
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 21
Argyll New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. 22
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 22
Alameda Honolulu '..... -.. Jan. 22
Coronado. ; . . Ban Pedro Jan. 22
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
North Fork. . Humboldt ¦¦ ... Jan. 22
Santa Ana./. Seattle & Tacoma (Jan. 22
lionlta.... ... Newport & Way Forts Jan. 2o
Kama Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan. 23
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 23
Despatch San Pedro ..Jan. 23
Iaqua San Pedro Jan. 23
Titanla Nanaimo '. « Jan 24
Sequoia Grays Harbor j an j.*
G. VV. EMer. Portland & Astoria .... .Ian. '/ft
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 25
Progreso Seattle jan 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 26
China China & Japan Jan 27
Curacao. Mexican Ports Jan °7
Sierra........ Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan". 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Jan ' 27
Coos Bay.... Newport/ & Way Ports Jan! °7
Rainier...... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan 28
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 20
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan 29
Columbia...-. Portland & Astoria Jan 30
bteainer.
Destination.
[Sail*.
Fi#r.
G. Dollar..
Arcata. . . .
Argo..;...
Gaelic..;..
Uniatllla..
Empire....
Alliance...
Mandalay .
Lakme. ...
Herodot...
Pomona...
C. Nelson..
Coronado. .
State Cal..
Coos Bay . .
Czarina. . . .
Iaqua. .... I
Koran City.
Rival......
.Columbia..
January 21. | ¦'
Grays Harbor 5 pm pj er 2
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
Coquille River . .' 4 pm PVer 2
China ' & Japan .... l pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports. . 11 am Pier 0
. - January 22.
Coos Bay .......... 12 m Pier 13
Portland & Way Pts. 10 am Pier Id
Coqullle River 12 m Pier , 2
Astoria & Portland. 5 pmiPler 2
Hamburg & Way ..|Pler3i
Humboldt 1 ::jo plPier 0
Astoria & Portland. 0 nm Pier 2
Grays Harbor '....'. fi vwiPier i
Fan Diego & Way... U ana Pier 11
N e wport «: Way .... 0 am] Pier 1 1
January 23.. - I.
Seattle & Tacoma... 12 mlPier 8
Humboldt 5 pm Pier—
Los. Angeles Ports.. 3 pmiPier a
Wlllapa Harbor Pier 2
Astoria tk Portland. ill aniiPier«*
January. 24. I j ¦-..-¦.
Humboldt ...: |0am]Plerl3
". Junnury 25. j \t
Point Arena .'.....'. 2pm|Pler 1
Humboldt It am| Pier 2
Honolulu . 2 pm Pier 7
-.January 2U. . 1
San Diego & Way..| OamlPierll
jNewpori & .Way Pta.i u am Pier 11
Puget Sound. Ports. til am Pier «
Seattle & Tacoma. . . 10 am Pier 2
January 27. - •,
Grays Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
i :. January 28. | . •
N.. T. via Panama.. 2 pmj Pier 10
Panama & Way Pts. 12 m|PMSS
Astoria Ac Portland.lll amiPier^l
January 30. I I
China: & Japan. '..;..| 1 pm|PMSS
Eureka. ...
Point. Arena
North Fork
Alameda..
Santa Rosa
lionlta. . . . .
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Sequoia....
Argyll .'...'.
City Para..
U. Elder...
H. K. Maru
Steamer.
'or.
Balls.
Dlrlgro.". . ". . . . Rkagway A Way. Ports. I Jan." 21
City Seattle. J | Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. 23
F.xcelslor Cook» Inlet & Way •pts.Uan. 'xt
Farallon . . : . '. Skagway : & .Way Ports. Jan ."27
Dolphin. .. . . . Skagway ; &' Way , Ports. Jan. ,29
Cottage City. ! Skagway & Way .Ports. Jan. SO
Its
lui
i rises
i sets
>n set;
I Time I
is ...
; ....
ts ...
ITlmet
|h~w|
.....\......7:22
............5:20
......4:64 a. m.
2 n
U3
2:25
3:123
4: Hi
H W
0:10
1:00
1:40
2:20
2:5!)
F, ,
To
2.8
27
8:46
9:39
10:30
L W
5:09
6:02
'6:56
7:53
8:56;
Time
Lr W
5.0 3:49
6.0 4:34
5.9 5:19
H W
2.6 11:20
2.4 12:10
2.2 1:01
2.1 1:58
2.0 2:C8
ITlmel .
i Ft. BX,
H W •
-^08 10:82 To
—1.0 11:36 4.(1
—0.9 ..... .:...
L W .
! 5.8 6:01 — O.S
5.6 6:43—0.4
6.2 7:24 0.2
4.8 8:04 .0.7
4.3 8:46 ,1.3
:5
!6
5.1
6.2
5.3
5.4
¦ 6.41
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by thess
Littlo Pills.
Tbfy also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea. Drovrsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonjfae. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Rrcniate the Bowels. Purelv Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
fe S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor ar.d Nervine. w*w*
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tor.io for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on it* own merits
**-, £ A ? ER - ALfS & BRL'NE, Agents.'
323 Market et.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers leave BroaflwLy
fsfci^-. Wharf, Ben Francisco:
t^^^fe^ Fcr Kctchikan, Juneau,
?rS»^*^?i»«. Ekagw-By, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
! t*CKS?Ct^ n>- Jaa - 11 « ac - 2I « 2<x 31 -
1 I'l'Jv'ia V*l Feb- 5 - Change to compan^s
1 FrfftfS""*^! eteamers at .Seattle.
f**Sffl^^fll For Victoria. Vancouver.
" P° rt Townsend, ¦ Seattle, Ta-
"*H(j*i coma. Kverett. New VThat-
ctin— 11 a. Tn.rJan. XI. 10. 21. 2«. 31. Feb. 5.
Cfcar.ee at Seattle to this company" a steamer*
for Alaska end G. N. Rr.; at Seattje or Ta-
coma to N P By.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka tHurnboldt Bay)— 1:80 p. m..
Jan. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For 6an Dleeo. stoppins only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Lo« Anseleo and Kedondo <Lo« An-
peles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. S a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
Fcr Lo» Ar.ffeles. calling at Santa Crus.
Monterey, San Slmecn. Cayucos. Port Harford
<San L<uls Oblspo). •Gaviota. Eaata Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. 6an
Pedro and 'Newport <»Bonlta only).
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Jan. 2. 10, 18. 2«, Feb. 3.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 3ff. Feb. 7.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas XMex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain foldera.
Rieht la reserved to change steamers cr eall-
Jr.g dates.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Moatroiaery
etre^t (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PKRKXN'S & CO.. Gen. Arents.
10 Market et.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
—TO— r
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $C0 including meals and berth for the
rcund trip on board the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7, April 7. Due
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican ports: Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay. Pan Jose del Cabo. MnzaUan. Altata. La
Paz. Sar.ta Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can. return from Guaymas
by rail. For further particulars inquire at
ffl icTcPt QiFce. •* New Montgomery st.. or 10
Market st.. S«n Francisco. •
O. R&N- CO.
Only SttMauxslxip Iiln« to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point«. »'' rn>\ or steamship nnd rail, at
LOWEST K-A.TJE1S.
ETEASES TICKETS xHCLUSE BEETu aai MEM.S.
fcS COJLCilUlA Sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 2. 12. 22.
6S. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. 18, 28; Feb. 7. 17
Steamer *aHs from foot of Epear et., 11 a. a
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.S.F.
TOYO KLSEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILt. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and ghanphai and
connecting at Hcngrkons with steamers for
India, etc. No aua-> received on board oa
cr.y of Eainnx.
KS. HOXGKOXG MAR3
Thursday. January 80th, 1903
£S. NIPPON MARU
Tuerday. February 25th. 1902
ES. AMERICA MAKU
Friday. March 21at. 1903
RcuniJ-trlp tickets at reduced rate*. For
frelrht and passage appl7 Rt company* • office,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TCEE. SOUTHAHPTOir, LOSDON. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York 'W>'' 1 nes<lays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 21 St. Paul Feb. 19
Pt. Louis Feb. RlSt. Louis Feb. 26
Philadelphia . ..Feb. 12) Philadelphia ..aiar. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AntwerD.
Fr<-m New York 'Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Vaderland Jan. 2T-1 Haverford Feb. 19
Kensington Feb. 5 Friesland Feb. 26
Zeeland Feb. 12 ! Southwark Mar. 8
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery sL
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Ci3 M Americana <!e Vaoorai
To Valparaiso, 6topp!ns at Mexican, Central
ar.d South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. , rler 10. 12 m.
TITAPEL Feb. 6 PALENA Feb. 2S
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral an<l South American passenger service.
<No chance at A<-apulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenrer office. 310 California street.
EALFOUR. GCTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
ftceanics sxo^ s^srssg
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu .'
Saturday. Jan. 25. '02. 2 p.m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thura.. Feb. 6. 10 a. m.
J. il.S??iCtflS & CKS. CO., Eencrai Agents. 327 Kaitsi St
&fl Pasnjsr CSa, £43 Harket St., Pier to. 7. PscSt St
PANAMA R, R, £ S'
TO NEW YdRK-YU FANAMA OlBESf.
C&bln, J1C5; Steerage, |40; Mcali Free.
S. S. Ai-ay-1 .ais Tuesday. . Jan. 28
S. S. Leelanaw coils Monday. -Feb. 3
*>• t. Ari) :i >n<U Monday. Mai*. 1O
From Howard-street wharf at 2 P. m.
Frelfiht and Passenger Crfice, 330 Market tX.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
C0XPAG5I2 CEKEKALi TRAHSATLANTIQCl
U1KECT LIT>E TO HAVRE-PARIS —^_
kalltcg tvery Thursday. Instead cl a>TJl33%
Eaturday, at 10 a. m.. from pltr 42,«»™^»
Kcrth River, foot of Morton etreet.
First clasa to Havre. $70 and upward.^Secona
class to Ua\-re. S4S and upward. GENERAXt
/GEKCT FOR UNITED STATES and CA-N-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudaon bulldlne). New
Tork. 1. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
AK^nts. S Montgomery avenue. Ban Franclico.
Tlrkpu «nM by all P.Bllroad Ticket Agents.
BAY A2TD HIVEB STEAMEBa*.
FWTTlATrYARrT^^
Eieamen GEN. FRISBI2 or M0NTICELL3
8:45 a. m.. 8:15 and b:C9 p. m.. except Sua-
4ay. Sunday, V:45 a. m.. 6:30 p. in. X^earea
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 aoon. 0 p. tc. except
Eunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:1ft p. m. Fare M
cent*. Telephone Main 1&08. LudlnK and
office, pier s. HU*loa-strc«t 4ock. UATCH
Jittoe.
"Some time ago, while I was In MlHersburg. Pa.. Mr.
Freck. the landlord, was afflicted with sever* pain*
In the itomach. I Insisted upon bis taking a Cascaret
before coins to bed and next morning he passed • In.
of a tape-worm. He bought a box of Caseareta and a
tane-worm 43 feat lone came from him head and all."
( — Chaa. E. Condon, iliflinbure, P».
"I find Casearets beneficial after a spell of hard
work, clearing the brain as well as the bowel*, and
slso working off cold. taped l&^'phiUdelphl.. P..
* "1 was troubled for years with indigestion.
One day I bought a 23c box of Casearets, and
thank the Lord that I did. I felt better the
second day. Any stomach trouble will b*
enred by Casearets." _. ,,
—I>. H. Haughowout, BraVeman, Frisco Line,
. 1127 Washington Aye., St. Louis.
¦'Casearets relieved me of Itching piles and
lumbago which haye been afflicting me annually
at this time of the year. Three cheer* tot
C " C Q. r W*. l HllU»rd, 1217 Alord St., IndianapoU*.
A man who keeps his bowels regular with Casearets Candy Cathartic, that fe
without strain or violence, can keep strong and healthy without much exercise.
A famous professor in Jefferson Medical College used to advise his students:
"Trust in God and keep your bowels open!".. That's God's own wisdom, for
when the bowels are regular and the digestion strong and healthy, then the sys-
tem is safe and the brain and nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life.
>-^ \ Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, 25c, 50c. Never sold la bulk.
¦ r fV?\A* > faTa OlFa The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure o- you*
%^^ff'\^WWW^g mo ney back. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. O7
Stomach and brain affect each other. A sick stomach sours the disposition
and prevents sleep and brain rest, and a sick brain sours the stomach and clogs
the bowels. > Men of sedentary habits, brain workers who don't get much
exercise, have sick stomachs and bowels, and wear out their brains and nerves.
••I work in the office and don't get as ranch exercise as I ihould.
•nd -when I feel bad I just take a Cascaret which always makes m« feel
alright."— J. E. Rohan, Q. A C. Route, Crescent, Ky.
"1 had a torpid llrer for months. I bought a box of Casearets ta
Washington and have not only been put in perfect health, but BAT*
gained considerable in weight?'— Harry Hodgson. Rocltville. Md.
I ."Cascaret* were the only medicine I had with me when 1 beat i th«
world'a record as "Champion Corn Hnsker of America," auskinc
870 boahali la 10 hours."— K. E. Kimberlin, La Harpe, 111.
"Casearets cured m« radically of dyspepsia and
headache and my weight which before was 130 la now
150 lbs."— S. KaTarro, Biloxl, Miss.
. V- ; : - ' ADVERTISEMENTS. '.¦_ '_ • '
Healthy Mind in a Healthy Body
AMXTSEMENTS.
#^ftl BIAS 191 H SAHFBAllClSCin
CULUraB|A.UMBB THEATBI
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
1 MATINEE SATURDAY.
H KIRIE LA SHELLE OPERA CO.'
Merrj, Musical Suoce33,
YSge ' THE
lm princess
TlfV chic.
I tW An E'aborate ODera Comlque.
Extra — Matinee Recitals — Afternoons of
TUEFDAY. Jan. 2S. and FRIDAY. Jan. 31.
JO*=***.F ! ' HOFMANN, 1
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— $2. $1 50. $1 and BOc.
Seats gelling at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
i STAR COMPANT AND PRODUCTION!
Welcomed From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Own Company.
THIS EVENING — LAST PERFORMANCE,
"JULIUS OESAR"
To-morrow Night, Thursday Night, Saturday
Matinee. "THE MOUNTEBANK."
- Friday Nleht. "VIROINIUS."
Saturday Night — Farewell — "KINO LEAR."
Next — Sunday Nlwht — MR. BEN HEN-
DRICKS in the Swedish Comedy Play.
"OLE OLSON."
SEATS THURSDAY.
ffsL *>/* RJ i3t? d "TT" d Sf ¦A c^
BELASCO & THALL. Mirrs.
...LAST~WEEK...
The Big Romantic Success,
For the
Miite Rose.
- MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES.:'..... 15c,' 25c, S5c. COc and T3o
NEXT . . . . . "THE DANITES."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
THURSiDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
. ADMISSION 20o AND !^)e. ' - r ¦'
PALACE knd
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these mag-nlflcent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
. facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
. newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
; city — depots," ferries and parks—
-pass the entrance. .
",. American and European plans. -
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. v
HAIR SOFT AS STXK.
New Scientific Treatment, Kills Dan-
druff Germs, and Makes Hair Soft. ,
. It : is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff Is a germ disease; and it is
also , a demonstrated ¦ fact 3 that Newbro'.*
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. With-
out . dandruff 1 falling hair will* stop^ and
thin heir. will thicken. Herpicide not only
kills the dandruff germ, but it also makes
hair as soft as. silk. It: is the most de-
lightful hair ¦ dressing made. It cleanses
the scalp from dandruff and keeps it clean
and healthy. \ Itching : and ; irritation , are
instantly. relieved and permanently; cured.
At air druggists'." There's nothing ."Just
as , good. 1 ,' ': Take no substitute. Ask for
"Herpicide."-
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout. and Dyspepsia
': ' . ¦'¦': ;: DRINK : ; ¦ ' : -' ,* '
_VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
'¦"¦ " BKOADWAT, H. T-
— ""• A •MTTST!TVr-a'.Tq T T l ff.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Triumphant Opening 1 Last Evening of
EDWIN ARDEN
In an Elaborate Production of Alexander
Salvini's Original Version of
"DON C£SAR DE BAZAN."
Now Playing to Capacity In Two of the Lead-
in* Theaters in New York. !-J
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c,25c. BOc, 73o
Good Orchestra, Seats all Matinees, 25c.
Next Week — EDWIN ARDEN In "ZORAH."
BElASCOA»°THAlES* ?Ji i$&
Theater Thoroughly Heated "With Steam.
TO-NIGHT. mYT'V^ The Excitinar
All This Week, ' I * I B Ij 1 *nd Powerful
Mat. Saturday i if Pi Melodrama,
and Sunday. •<**¦ A.A.JU^ -
PRICES, TTITT^TJ Electrical
Evgs 10c to . §4 D LJ 14 and
BOc; Matinees. II ll I A Mechanical
10c. 15c. 25c. •** *• Effects.
PATROL!
Next Week— "A MAN OF MYSTERY."
A BIG, BUMPTIOUS BILL!
Da Coma Family; Taylor Twin Sis-
ters; Ada Arnoldson; Kara the
Great, Three Faust Sisters; Arthur
Buckper; Jacques Inaudi; Mr. and
' lira. Gardner Crane, and the Bio-
, graph,showing "The Living Flag."
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. BOc.
*TIVOL1*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE on SATURDAY
AT ? SHARP!
"COME AND SEE THAT FUNNIE3T OP
FELLOWS."
THE TOY MAKER
EVERY CHILD GETS A TOY ON SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON.
MONDAY/ January 27th.
FRANK DANIELS'
; GREATEST HIT!
"THE A7VYE1BR."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c
¦• ' Telephone Bush 9.
gi^g, RACING
Every Weelc Day —
iy. Rain op Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
' Farry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to ta«
track. Last two cars on train reserved fur
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. Air trains vu
Oakland mole - connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak- .
land. - Also all : trains via Alameda mole con-
nect - with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrla
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. to. and immediately alter ta* lasC
""iHOMASH. WILLIAMS JR.. Preside**.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, aid Her.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
F 5 *^ 5 * 5^*!^^^ ie housekeeper
Wf^^/BO^i or thQ C00k Wh °
%[M^y0^/mk does or doesnt
k ee P a jar of tho
OF BEEF always at hand both for fla-
voring soups and sauces as well as for
making that handy cup of hot beef tea,
will oblige by sending her address to
Dauchy & Co., P. O. Box 718, New York,
N. Y. She will receive free, a useful
COOV HnoV
The "Dr. Jfi '*: Aid en Electric
Belt" (with #S^«= e u s p e n sory) li
ruaranteed *^*'- % - to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
cnly: NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 200 Post st.. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New Tork.
Superior to Aplol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
j Sure Relief of Pain and Irregular!-
i ties Peculiar to the Sex.
j Aploline Capsules for three months cost $2.
} i :>- - TJrncrlrt or P. O. Box 2081, Kew Tort.
j VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT, I
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
4 • gj ' 10S1 mini ST. bet 6±ft 7&, B. P. Cal. (
\ Hf The L*rc«t Anatomical Museum in the
m mm 1 f\ 1 , World. Weaknenc* or uiy contracted i '
V feg few diieave pasltiv<-l 7 cared hy the oldest '
|tS ri I ipecialiit on the Cout. E»t. 3« years. I I
j &W* A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f f^9fiSB 'ff^nsulutioa free tnd jalctly private. \
W I JU«f R Troatrotnt personally or by letter. A B
¥ 9 ff <7| M Fontixt Curt in every case undertaken. \
A 1* IT lA Write for H»t.FOILOSUPBV of A
V • il 11^ BAaaiASE, HAtUD NEE. ( A f
A & tr valuable book for mrn) * i
f DB. JOB D AX A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
: • .San Francisco Meat Market.
The expected rain came along, but" It was
too light to produce much j effect on the , mar
ket. /- Hay was weak,'; however, with large >. re
ceipts of • 944 tons... ¦¦ Feedstuff s remained ! as
before. • - ¦• ., ¦<'¦'. :•-¦-.
BRAN— $18 60@19 50 per ton. i --¦ -
''MIDDLINGS— $20@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled , Barley, . $18018 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
, btng. . $28 50«3<29 ; j Cocoa nut Cake. $206221 : 1 Corn
Meal, $31@31 50: Cracked Corn, . $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $16 50@17 50. , '-' ¦ • ¦
viV.HAT — Wheat, $0@12; ~j fancy.. ¦ $12 50@13;
Hay and : Feedstuff s.
Cash quotations were "as : follows: •¦• Flour,
eteady, . but quiet; No. '- 3 spring , wheat, 73c-
No. 2 red, 83i4@85%c; No. -2 oats. 46%c; No. 2
white.- 47%@47%c; No. 3 white; 46@47%c;No. 2
rye, 62%®629ic; fair to choice malting- barley
61%@C4c; No. 1 flax seed, $l;66;No. 1 North-
. Articles— Open. High.' • Low. 'Close.
Wheat No. 2— .-
January - .... .... .... - . . . . ¦ 75%
May ......'.. 80% R0% 70% .7914
July ..: S0% 80% 79 70^
Corn No. 2— . •
May ...."... 65 - 05V4 CsU 63%
July --. 64% 65% 63% c^
Oats No. 2 — '".'•
May ....... '4C% - 46% ' 45%
July ......... 40%" 41 40-40
September ... 33% 34 • 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per barrel — *
January ....16 57% ...V. • 16 67%
May . ...17 12% 17 20 '16 90 . IB 05
July . ...... -17 15 17 15 . 16 87% 16 87%
Lard, per 100 pounds — ' - .
January .....0 45 9 45: .9 35 9.35
May ........ 9 75 9 75 - 9 65 9 65"
July...- 9 82% 9 82% 9 72% . 9 72%
Short Ribs, ¦ per , 1C0 pounds — ;
January. .... _;.... . ...... 8 35'
May :. I.8.70. \ -.8 72%, 8 60 .8 62%
FLOUR-rCallfornia . Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' . Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, , $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3,35 for Bakers' ; Washington s . Bakers', ¦ $3@
335 ¦¦" ¦ " ' ¦• "...-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to • the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs;- Rye- Flour,, $2 76; Rye
Meal; $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, ¦ $3 L'5;
extra cream do. $4; ¦, Oat Groats, $5; KHomlny,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, ' $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 85®8 35;
In sacks, $t>50@8; Pearl Barley,' $5; Split Peas,
$6; Green Peas, $6 50 per '100 lbs. ' . . :¦
' Receivers . of Oregon -Flour, report . sales ' of
family extras at the quotations, and, there are
also sales of bakers' at top prices.
Flour and -Millstuffs.
HOPS— 9@10c for. fair and ll@12c per lb for
good ¦¦ to choice. '"; Local dealers - quote 10@15~
for i shipment.
. ' WOOL — Fall.'. San Joaquln. "¦ 6@Sc;: San Joa
quln * Lambs". . 7%@8%e; * Middle County - S©10o
gffl.'lioifcifer^b!*^ SPrin *- 15 @ 15^ *>•
.HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under Heavy salted
Steers.." lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c:" Cow
Hides,. 0&c~ for heavy and 9c for 11-h*-
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal fo,c :
Baited Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 16%c;. Cull's -.I4c :
Dry Klp.^ 15c; c Dry Calf.;is@18^c; Culls- and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
each; short Wool.' 40@60c each; medium esct
75c; long Wool. S0c@?l 10 each; Horse Hides
salt. $2 75@3 for large -and ?2 50 for medium'
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts- , Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25®1 50 for me
dlum, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or., red skins.- 35c: fall or "me
dium ' skins, •- 30c; winter or thin skins ¦' °0c
Goatskins — Prime ; Angoras, 75c; large' and
smooth. COc; medium, 35c. - . •¦¦ ¦
TALLOW— No. ' 1 rendered.:' 5&@6c Der • lh-
No. 2. 4 Vi@5c ; grease.- 2«@3e. . - P ? Ib '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Heps.
Nursery for Homeless Children.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20. — Last week'a depress
ing factors in the stock market were fortified
to-cay by the engagement of $350,000 In gold
for export. This wai practically In line of
the development in the stock market, which
continued in its rule of dullness and profes
sionalism. Prices are generally lower on the
day, though not as low as they were during
the session. The continued discussion of th»
affairs of the trolley syndicate and occasional
changes In • the plans of the adjustment com
mittee keen uj> the disturbing- effect of that
episode. The enecial heaviness of the Atchl->
sons end of New York Central to-day was due
to the dissatisfaction > felt In the capital ex
pansion and new bond issue with prior claims
over stocks. The news from the West of much
needed rain and enow In the winter wheat
belt. was without effect. Reports of threatened
damage to . winter wheat from lack of moist
ure have geen offered as causes of some of the
recent degression of railroads stocks. - Con
siderable Interest attaches to ' the f crelem sit
uation just at present owing- to the signs of
speculative revival abroad. It Is evident that
the Ions liquidation in Germany has now prog
ressed to a point where accumulated capital
is becoming burdensome again, but the ardor
of Inquiry by German cap! tallsts. seems to be
directed toward tlielr own nubile loans and,
to some extent, to the revived Kaffir market
in London. The London market Is obviously
discounting with preater faith than In a long
time the end of the Boer war, but their in
terest In speculation also turns toward South
African securities and toward home railways,
ivhich begin to show signs of recovery on
rne offerings and promise of . dividends. There
is pven organized efforts to Induce American
capitalists to embark In Kaffirs. These symp
toms suggest the Inquiry whether the next re
vival of active speculation will not be shifted
to forelen markets and foreign securities.
American Tobacco sold to-day at 300 and there
were advances of 1% to 6 points In the other
tobacco stocks, the Glucose Sugar stocks, Met-
Kjjoiit&n Street Railway, American Smelting
New York Stock Market.
COTTOLENE-r-One'half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
a%c; five tierces, 9%c per, lb. . '
CUriEiA MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, ' 12>£c for light medium.- 13 %c for light
14',ii'j for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured '
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 11%®12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 00 per
barrel; extra Mesa. $11@11 50; Family, Siatftf
12 50; prime Mess Pork $15; extra clear
$22 50023; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef'
13Mi@Hc per pound.
¦ LARD — Tierces.* quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and - ll%c for pure; half barrels
pure, 11 %c; 10-lb tins, 12»4c; 5-lb tins i->5t '- c
3-lb tins, 12i*c. ¦ ¦- ' 7* '
.Chicago was weak and lower on the day.
Buying, however, was good, and has-been for
several days.. 1
• There was no change in this market, j ¦ Trade
here is sU'.rdull. . ,. e
Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coast trpjn San Francisco to Cape Blanco, and
a • modefete disturbance exists oft the Oregon
coast. High southeast winds are reported off
Cape Mendocino.
Rain has fallen along the coast of Northern
California and will probably reach inland
Tuesday.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Point Lobos to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 21. 1002:.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, with rain; fresh southeast
winds hi£"h off shore.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, possibly showers by night;
light northerly winds, changing to southerly.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, light northerly
winds, changing to southeasterly.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Tuesday, with rain; brisk to
nigh southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Olficial.
Provisions opened- fairly strong, on an Im
proved hog market and the early strength in
coarse grains, but when I wheat - bepke . I badly
selling became general. May pork closed 17V£c
down, lard 10c lower and'Hbs 10@12%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Oats had an early bullish market. . Corn
was the leading Influence, however, ' and
brought a late break. May oats, closed %c
down at 45%c. . ' ; .
Corn showed unusual early strength, consid
ering the weakness I in wheat. Cables were
higher and on the theory, that the snow and
colder weather predicted ' would . necessitate
heavy feeding to btock traders began to buy in.
This strength, however/ could not stand against
the bad break In wheat. May closed weak,
l%c down, at 63%©03%c.
CHICAGO, Jan. 20.— At the opening in wheat
there was an attempt made to support the
market on the, early small, break,' but it was
of no avail. Cables were higher, but a small
rally, was poorly held. Everywhere In the suf
fering winter wheat country . relief was
at hand. ) Light • rains . were reported
early with' promises of ' plenty of
moisture. Later enow fell j In several
States and every indication pointed to an end
of the drought. Additional bearish news, ar
rived in the shape of the weekly world's statis
tics. These influences set long holders to un
loading excitedly. Prices at outside points were
rapidly dropping under Chicago quotations. The
Northwest began selling here and St. Louis,
frightened at the prospects of plenty of. wheat
from, the winter country, dumped something
like 4,000,000 bushels in tbis market. Stop-loss
orders were executed freely and Hay, "which
opened %©%c lower at 80%@80%c and had
touched »0%c, slid to 7a y>c. The general opin
ion - prevailing among.- traders was /that longs
had overstayed in the market and must now
sacrifice profits to get rid of their, wheat. The
decline was unchecked and wheat was offered
openly from all quarters. Contrary " to former
breaks on this campaign, there was very little
demand at low prcles. May closed very weak,
1%@1%c down, at 70Vs@70Uc ;
The directors were empowered to incor
porate the association under its presen
name. . '
Officers were elected as follows: Presi
dent,. L. Kuttner, San Francisco; flrsi
vice president. F. W. Laufer, Oakland
second vice president, H. J. Nims, Sat
Jose; treasurer. W. H. Hunt. Oakland
financial secretary, John RInner, ." Sar
Francisco; recording secretary. H. J
Schohay, San Francisco; sergeant a:
arms, F. Dickinson. Stockton; directors-
C. H. Wood, Oakland, and John H
Dournsold.
The belief was expressed at the sessior
that the turning point of the Opticians
Association has arrived and from .nov»
on the science will advance till it occu
pies its proper place among the profes
sions of California.
All aspirants for membership will havt
to make application to an examining
committee, which shall approve of tbeoc
or not, as it sees fit. This measure is foi
the protection and advancement of optlca
Three black balls will be sufficient to re
ject any applicant.
It Is the aim of thi3 association, to or
ganize and. have its boards and examin
ers, as do the professions of mediclna
dentistry and pharmacy.
Ophthalmology to a Higher Stan
dard in California.
The California State Association of Op
ticians met last evening at a downtown
restaurant to elect officers, transact gen
eral business and enjoy its annual ban
quet.
OPTICIANS OP STATE ;V
WILL EN-CORP0RAT5
The Association Flans to Bring
Chicago Grain Market.
rxtUITS— Apricots, 7@S%c for Royals and S
@iUc iur standard .'to lancy Moorparks; Kvap
oi-Hted Apples, 7*4@S%c: sun-dried, 4'u4^.c;
Peaches, r Jo7%c;. Pears, 4%®S%c; l'luilia t>
pitted. unpitted. l®2c; Nectarines, ou
&Vic lor red and 5',-i4fOVic for white; Kigs, -ic
tor black and VU@7ftc per box for white.
¦ PUUNES — 15)01 crop are <Juoted as follows:
30-40's, 0©6%c; 40-50's, 4%fa5'ic; 5o-6O*s. 4*4
to4 : yic; C0-7OS, o%@4'/ic; 70-SO's, 3ii^j?ic;
b0-Ws, ¦2%'ii!3 I /ic: UO-lOOs. 2%(g2%c per lb.
KAISINS — (rTice.wr 20-lb boxj : Clusters:
Imperial, 53: Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60: London Layers — Tnree-crown.
SI 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: . Mand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5 %c; three
cruwn, 5HC two-crown, 4%c; Seedk-ss Mtigja
tels. 5c: Seedless Sultanas, ii%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c. Bleached Sultanas — tancy,
ti*ii:; choice, 7%c: standard, U^ac; prime, oiio;
unbleached Sultanas. 5c. lileached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, . lie;, fancy, loc; choice, «c
standard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, b&c; do, Ui .bulk, fancy, *>%c;
choice, 6%c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll®12c; Walnuts, lii. 1
softshell, 8%c; No. 2, 8®S%c; No. 1 haraaLell.
0c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10V6@12c for paper
shellr, 0@10c for softshell and G(37c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern r Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, lljflac:
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. • • ¦ /
HONEY— Comb. 12®13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
5&0c; light amber extracted. 4@oc; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%S29o per lb.
Dealers quote the market quieter,- but as firm
as ever, with stocks ltsht and assortments
much broken. The Raisin situation Is still mud
dled. . .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. •' ¦ ¦ ¦. '
Regular Morning Session— No sales. "
-Afternoon Session — May— 800Q ctls, 81c; 10.
000. 81 %c; 2000. 81 Vic. / ;, ,"..
I OATS — The: Chicago market was firm, chiefly
on speculative account. • The £an Francisco
market was unchanged. A certain demand for
the East redeems the market from actual dull
ness, while light stocks and the strong statis
tical situation keep prices firm.,, -
Grays. *1 20@l 27%; whites, $1 20@l 40;
Surprise. $1 40@l 42%: black. $1 10® 1 20 for
feed and $1 20©l 30 for seed; red, $1 23@1 35
per ctl for feed" and $1 32%@1 40 for seed.
I CORN — Chicago was j lower,, and • some Pro
vision houses bought on . the decline. . What
ever strength there is in this grain is specula
tive.' :¦¦¦¦..' n. ¦¦ ¦ .¦¦ ¦•- :••¦¦¦. ¦ - v
The San Francisco market shows no particu
lar change. Offerings seem to be increasing.
Some damp large yellow, otherwise fine, so:d
at $1 37%. " • : . '
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 42%; small round
do. $1 50®l 55; white. $1 35@1 45 per ctl.
- RYE — Firm at 85@90c per. ctl, with sales re-»
ported at the top figure. ¦- . • - •
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
BARLEY — Business was light, and so were
offerings. ' Prices remained unchanged.
Feed, 83%&!S5c for cnoice bright. blVi@S2%c
for No. 1 and 80c for oft grades; brewing and
shipping grades. 87%@90c; Chevalier. S5c(a$l
per ctl.
Afternoon Session — May — 8000 ctls, $1 08%
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 12,000
ctls, $1 09%. ' ,*
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 09%;
8000, . 51 00%; 10,000, $109>4.
Regular. Morning Session— May — 4000' ctls,
$1- Oti. . . .-¦¦.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 07%@l 08%; mill
ing, §1 lOigl 12 'A per ctl.
WHEAT— The .foreign markets ) were firm,
and futures were higher.
Chicago declined from Sic to 79%c. Heavy
snow and some rain all over the winter! wheat
belt was the feature- of the day, and it was
this that weakened the market. Liverpool de
clined at the close In consequence. . The South
west and' Wall street sold freely, and there
was considerable liquidation. New York re
ported the market active, with plenty of wheat
for sale and no foreign orders. St. Louis was
a liberal seller of the long wheat bought on
Saturday. The local demand' at Chicago was
moderate. There was an excellent demand in
the Northwest for milling. / . .
The American visible supply increased 1,106,
000 bushels, and the English visible 745,000.
The world's shipments for the week were as
follows, in quarters: Russian, ¦.155,000; Danu
blan, fiO.OOO; Argentine. 12,000; Indian, 18,000.
In this market futures were weaker, and
shipping grades were also a fraction off.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver and Mexican dollars are higher. . Ex
change remains as before.
Sterling Exchanger CO days....". — " $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight. ....... — 4 8S
Sterling Cables ....: — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight.....— . 12Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 15
Silver, per ounce. — ' 5594
Mexican dollars, nominal: ."...-.." 45 " @ " 45}^
Exchange and Bullion.
J McCarthy & w. B C|E A Duffea, wife and
A Gray, w & son. child, Bandon, Or
Strathcona. Alberta M M Coney & wf Wasb
R Ritchie. Strathcona, L F -Whiting. Crockett
F Hick, Victoria Mrs. D W Lawrence
W Sco&le. Victoria F L Stottler & wf. Pa
W Brewer, Victoria H J Peterson, Milpitas
G T Parker, Vancouver W W Schmitz, Beadcr
J B Rhoads & w, Ohio J E Johnson. Beadon
W H Burwell. Chicago C L Rath. Angel Island
L Garling. Minn L P Tensholdt. Cal
J Fetermann, Minn C White, New York
H E Dorothy, Minn Mrs M R Rawlings, Ca!
R Seaver, Reno Miss MGRawlings CaJ
J G Mitts, Kentucky J B Rawlings, Cal
C White. New York D Goldey. San Jose
Chas Hathaway, Or John Manley, Angel Ii
John Emke. Seattle James Mulroy. Ingls!d«
M W Stevens, Seattle Wm Dunston. VacavU
W J Canpion, Bodle J M Adams, Oakland
A S Miller, Creed, Colo J Mattlse. New Orleam
E Kelly, Bandon, Or C A Arith, Los Banos
B Murphy. Bandon, Or . .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20. — Evaporated apples
remain quiet in tone at former quotations.
State, common to good, 6@S%c; prime, 9%@
9%c; choice," 9% @10c; fancy, 10H@Hc.
California dried fruits are also quiet and firm
at former prices.
Prunes — 3% @7c.
Apricots — Royal, 10@14c: Moorpark, 9%@13c.
Peaches — Peeled,- lGig^Oc; unpeeled, 7%@12c.
DRIED FRUIT.
* : : — — : — — *
NEV. 7 YORK. Jan. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15, 177;. exports. 16.844. -Market, dull and easy.
WHEAT — Receipts, C050 bushels; exports,
65,131. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 87@S7%c r. o.
b. afloat: No. 2 red, 89% c elevator; No. 1
northern Duluth. 86c f . ¦ o. b. afloat: • No. ¦ 1
northern Manitoba 86',ic f. o. b: afloat.
Burdened by heavy offerings in response to
the - snowfall in the Southwest. the . market
broke sharply.- St. Louis was a prominent
seller, while increased visible supply, amount
on passage and world's shipments-all contrib
uted to the downward movement. Closed weak
at l%@l'^c net lower. March closed 85 %c; May,
R4 9-16@S0 l-16c, closed 84%c; July, S4%@
85%c. closed 84%c. ¦ • .
" Hides, wool and hops, steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, weak; No. 7 Invoice, 6c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@12c.
Coffee futures closed steady in tone, but with
a net loss of 35 to 45 points. Total sales were
162,000 bags, including. January. 6.70c; Feb
ruary. 6.65c; March. 5.70@5.S0c: April. 5.85c;
May. 5.85@0.00c; July. B.00g.6.20c; September,
6.20@0.40c; December, 6.40@6.55c. '
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, steady. /
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75cSj$l 25
for standards, $1 50(!?l-75 .for choice and ?2@
2 50 for lancy; Seedlings, oO@75c; Tangerines,
$1<&2; Lemons,; 50cfe$l lor common and ?1@2
lor good to choice and *2 25g2 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1^2: Mexican Limes, $5@-% "60;
Bananas, $1 75i§2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1@1 75 for Hawaiian;- Pineapples,
$3(g 1 per dozen.
PEAKS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box
APPLES— $1 50^1 75 per box for extra, i 75c
@$1 25, lor. good tu, choice, anu 25&b0c lor or
dinary. . •'•..¦¦.
DECIDUOUS . FRUITS
The Pomona brought :1277 s boxas Apples.
grades are plentiful and for most- varittles -the
market is dull. Fancy Newtown Pippins tsell
well at full figures. ' ---.._.._.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 20@2 25; choice do.
00c@$l 45; standard do,' 90c@$l 25; Tanger
ines, $1 50@2; fancy Mediterranean Sweets, 0oc
@$1; choice do, . 75e. vThe demand, was fair.
Tangerines are scarce," the' .market being al
most bare. ¦ Otherwise, there Is nothing new
In citrus fruit. . . ' /,-... - • . '•'••-. •". •:;•..-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 20. — Wheat is %c
higher; bluestem, C4c; club, 63c.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 20.— "WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 63%c: bluestem, 64%c.
Cleared— German bark Carl for Queenstown
with 55,842 bushels wheat. 1
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Contra Costa 74 — lPort Costa.. 63% 66
Martn Co» . . . 59 — ISpring Val.. 84 S5&
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — 52%
Eqt G L Co. — 3V. Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 5 S F G& E.. 42',i 425i
O G L & H. 51 52 San Fran 5% —
Pac Gas Imp 35 4OV. Stktn G & E S
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.237%275 /
.Anglo-Cal .. 79% 82 jL P & A 166 169
California ..4r5 — 'Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.112'4 — 'S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl.. 325 350 I
' ) SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 2000 Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 ; lUnlon Trust. — 2475
S F Sav U.. 512^5 I
• STREET RAILROADS.
California ..165 170 • Market 91 92*i
Geary — 60 . Presidio .... 37% —
POWDER.
Giant ....... 79% 82 |Vigorit — 4
« SUGAR.
Hana — 3 iKilauea .... 9% 11%
Hawaiian ..34 40 iMakawell ... 25 26
Honokaa ... 10 — lOnomea*.... 23 24'A
Hutchinson . 13% — IPaauhau ... 10% 11 '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.ltSO 165 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Kruit A3 95 97 Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine 'As l>3 — Par Paint... 15 -~
Oceanic S Co 33 37
. ' Morning Session.
' - Board —
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s.;.... 108 75
20 Giant Powder Con, s 90. 81 00
25 Giant Powder Con 81 50
$2000 Los Angeles Lighting 5s ...103 75
10 L P & A Bank 166 00
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 122 00
150 Oceanic S S Co 35 00
$10,000 S P of C Cs (1905, series A) 1C8 60
54U00 S P of C 6s (1005. series B).. 1C9 50
, $1000 S P of C 6s (1012)....^ 121 00
Street — • . .
25 S F Gas & Electric Co ...... 42 00
¦ J . Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn..... igj 00
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s .108 75
. 10 Callfornia-st R R ...l«5 00
10 Cal Wine Assn -96 25
50 Contra Costa Water. .'.......... 74 25
2 Fireman's Fund Ins 26000
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90 sx 50
r , 10 Giant Powder Con, s 90. gl 00
30 Giant Powder Con gi (x>
- " 10 Hutchinson S P Co 14 ©0
80 Hutchinson S P Co, s 90."........ 13 $714
35 Pac Coasf Borax .....165 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co... 42 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 «> 3
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 41 ->5
35bS F Gas & Electric Co.'... 42 50
25 S F Ga3 & Electric Co, s 90. ..... 42 50
$5C00 S P Cal 1st cons 5s...... 110*25
- Street— ; . . ...-"..
$3000 Los Angeles Lighting os 103 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. .
Board — ' • -; ; ¦ ?
100 H(*ne. b 90 1 3 70
4COO Junction . ." .". : 20
¦20 Los Angeles O-.&.T.V. '.*...•. X (/O
8000 Petroleum Center.". o«
tOOO Petroleum Center,- s 9O..V.~7T:^^T, 06
100O Petroleum Center, b 90. 07
400 Reed Crude ......................' 39
Street — 5XBB999HH
1000 Reed Crude 33
Board • ¦ - . ' -
Afternoon Session. >
CO Four .........:..-."¦.:... :;...;...,. ' 52
V " - - VV;'" : \" : "•- ¦- '
WATER STOCKS
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s... 100U102
Bay CPC 5s. 108% 109 Ombus C 6s. 130% —
Cal-st 53 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 99 100«
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. — 106
Ed L&P Cs. — — Pk&O R" 6s. 117 120
Ker&C II OS.12O — Pwl-st R Bs.llSVi
Geary-st 5s.ll0iilll)% Sao EGR 5s. 05% —
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5S.122V4123
Do 5s 99 $»•% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L Ang R 5s;119% — S P of Ar 6s
LA Lfsrht 6s. — — (lOOoy 111% —
Do gtd 6si — — (1910) 112V4113
Do gtd 5s>lO?5| — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P as. 100 — (lJMir»)Sr A. 1089*10814
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.109V1 —
Mkt-st C fis. 1254*125% (19C6) • 111 —
Do lem 5s.l21-%122 (1012) _'_
N R Car 6s.llO% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 121"-4 — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Pac C os. 106 — S P BrCal6s.l36% —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113Vi S V Wat 6s. 112
Oak Gas 5s. 114 — Do 4s — lO-l 1 -.!
Oak Trn Cs.l21%122V, ! D 4s 3dm.l01%102'
Do 1st c5s. — 110«£. Utktn Gas Cs.102% —
Oak W g 5s.l02V,103
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
- UNITED STATES BONDS.
- Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. Ill ¦ 113' 14s qr c (new)139!}i
4s quar reg...lll=ill2ii'3s qr coup. .lOS??
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY,' Jan. 20—2:30 p. m.
Under a moderate business en "the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, Giant Powder
made -a further recovery at $Sl<SRiy.. while
Gas and .Electric, was higher at.?*2. Oceanic
was lower at $35. and there was a sale of Lon
don, Paris and American Bank at 51C6. There
was nothing else new. On the Oil Exchange
there waa continued activity In Petroleum Cen
ter at 6®7c, and free sales of Junction at 20c.
Sales" on the Bond Exchange were larger
In the afternoon, and included Giar.t Powder
at" ?81@S1^. California -st. Cable at $165. Con
tra Costa Water at $74^ and Alaska Packers
at $164. Gas ami Electric was active in a
small way at $l2fM2*»4. and Hutchlnson Sugar
was weaker at ?14JJ13%. " .
Stocks ' ex-dividend .yesterday were: Sprinsr
ValTey "Water. 42c or $38,800; California, Fruit
Canners, 60c, ".or.- $15,'109 60; California Pow
der. $1. -¦. ¦ ,-."V; :
.--The assessment of .10c on Nevada County
Oil '.stock -was i delinquent en the board and In
of fice yesterday. - r • J "'¦':¦', '¦¦'
Iron unchanged. European market, quiet:
Glasgow at 49s and Mlddlesboro at 43s. Pig
iron warrants were quoted at §11@12. No. 1
Northern foundry. $16 50@17 50; No. 2 North
ern foundry. $J16®16 75; No. 1 foundry. South
ern, $16@16 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft,
$16@16 50.
Lead was quiet and unchanged here at $4.
but London prices closed Is 3d higher at £10
10s.
Spelter was unchanged at home and abroad.
The London market closed at £100 15s.
Copper was easy, with lake quoted at lie:
electrolytic, 10v»??llc; casting, lie. At Lohdon
copper prices were raised £1 15s,. with spot,
closing at £48 10s and futures at £4S 15s.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20. — London cabled that
better market conditions prevailed there, with
a resultant advance In tin of 10s, which closed
spot at £106 5s and futures at £103 6s. ¦ The
local market -was also a shade better. ! closing?
at $23 75 bid and ?24 asked and was firm at
the close.
Nezv York Metal Markel.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 20. 1902—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
t^atf , As I'ompsrfd with these of "tru* sa.rn<? G3t©
last season and the rainfall in the last twenty
fcur hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.2S 16.10 30.27
Red Bluff O.OO 10.54 14.33
Sacramento O.OO 6.35 10.52
San Francisco 0.00 6.19 11.58
Fresno 0.00 3.25 7.08
Independence 0.00 1.38 5. OS
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.90 20. 64
Los Angeles 0.00 2.60 8.08
San D-iero 0.00 1.07 2.73
San FranciEco data. — Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 44; mean, 50.
THE COAST RECORD.
CLOSING
' ! LONDON. Jan. " 20. — Hops — Pacific Coast,
steady, '£3>3s@£3 IDs., :
LONDON, Jan. 20.— Consols, 04U; silver,
25s 11-lGd; Franch "rentes, . lOOf 17%c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 30s 6d; cargoes, Walla
Walla, 29s 6d; English country markets, quiet
and steady; import into United Kingdom,
wheat,' 295.0CO; import into United Kingdom,
flour, 343,000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 3,220,000; wheat and flour
on . passage ¦ to Continent. 070.000: Indian-ship
ments wheat to .Continent, 1S.000. '• .
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 20.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Parl3, steady;- flijur in Paris, steady; weather
in England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 4s S)-16d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of' the * 150.000.000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $171,996,667; gold, $97,
540,540.
Condition of the Treasury.
To Panama — 410 bbls flour. 40 crs potatoes.
CO crs garlic. 6 bbls salt salmon. 4772 ft lum
ber. 60 pkgs groceries an<t provision*, 9 pkg*
machinery. Q
To Mexico — 50 pkgs bottled beer, 7 bales
bags, 200 lbs cheese, 15.164 lbs copra. 23 tons
coal. 246 lbs dried fruit. 14 pkgs dry gooJo,
8 pkgs drugs. 10 cs firearms. 48 bxs fresh
fruit, 15t pkgs groceries and provisions, 321 ll>?
ham and bacon, 33 pkgs hardware. 5 bales
leather, 20,163 ft lumber, 126 pkgs machinery.
17 kegs nails. 31 crs potatoes. 14 pkgs paints an.)
oils, 40 bxs paste, 200 lbs raisins. 1975 lb.»
sago. 507 lbs spices, "143 lbs tea. 31« lbs starch.
2O bdls shooks. 20 bdls shovels, 15 kegs sta
ples, 32 pkgs fresh vegetables, 331 reels 4 c?
wire, 427 gals wine.
To Central America — 3592 bbls flour. 10cs
cartridges. C3O lbs sulphate. 119 lbs butter.
50 cs bottled beer. 702 lbs beans. 8 cs bread.
42 cs canned goods. 125 bales cotton. 100 bbls
cement. 6 pkgs car wheels. 11,175 cs coal oil.
2400 lbs codfish, 425 lbs cheese, 1000 lbs com,
154 pkgs dry goods, 550 lbs dried fruit. :t:
pkgs electrical supplies. 0 cs drugs, 73 bales
cotton domestics. 100O fire brick, 2080 lba fire
Clay, 42 b3S fresh fruit, 130 pkgs groceries ami
provisions. 152 pkgs hardware, 3 cs hats, 1733
lbs ham and4bacon. 3 bales leather. 320 lbs
lard. 25,360 ft lumber. 73 pkgs machinery.
10,105 lbs malt, 5565 lbs mlllstuffa. 14 cr*
onlcns, 306 crs potatoes. 100 kegs powder, 210
pkgs paints and oils. 12.190 lbs rice. 22 coils
rope, . 4 cs canned salmon. 2162 lbs spices. l<Xt
lbs starch. ST71 lbs tallow. 10S cs 431 gals
whisky, 100 reels barbed wire, 53 cs 1367 gals
wine.
The steamer Newport, which sailed for Pan
ama and way ports carried a general cargo
valued at 5 6!). Col, exclusive of some in tran
sit. The cargo was manifested and destined
as follows: For Central America, $55,051; Mex
ico. $12,056; Panama, $2544. The folltfwing
were the principal shipments:
The Newport's Cargo.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Standard Oil cold in
the outside market this morning at 616, a
break of 20 points from Saturday on large of
ferings. The price then rallied and' sales were
made at 622, ¦ with bids at 623.
New York Oil Mnket.
OREGOX
Flour, qr sks... 10.S78 Bran, sks .;.; 3.375
Potatoes, " sks . . .* " 7,245 sks . . 555
Onions, sks... .. 508
MONDAY, January 20.
Flour, qr sks... 69,533 Straw, tons 13
Wheat, ctls.... 84,142 Hops, bales 75
Barley, ctls.... 3,812 Feed, "sks. 65
Oats, ctls 635 fhorts. sks 145
Corn. ctls...... 890 Tallow, ctls.... 229
Rye. ctls l.OOo Pelts, bdls..... 4,903
Beans, sks £6i:ti Hides, No 133
Corn Meal. ctls. 450 1 Sugar, ctls..-....- 800
Potatoes, - sks. . . 6.0.-.O TVlne. gals ." 46.20O
Onions, sks..... 3S1- Leather, rolls... 108
Bran. gks... 4S0 Quicksilver, flks.' 44
Middlings, sks.. 220 Lime. bbls...... 1R2
Hay, tons 941 Chicory, bbls... 75
Receipts of Produce.
.NEW YORK, 'Jan. 20.— The cotton market
opened steady in tone, with prices %0 to 25
points higher, and closed steady' with prices
5 to 6 points higher. - ' . .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK,' Jan. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram 6ays: .
The stock market to-day was less active and
showed a reactionary tendency. It was, how
ever, healthy in tone. American shares were
heavy, with a very limited volume of business.
Copper rose £1 15s to £4S 10s the ton. Money
was urchaneed. Gold to the amount of £20,
000 has been received from Australia. The
price of French demands is 77s l%d. Silver is
firm en a French tender on Wednesday of 26,
000 kilos. . . , ' .
'. The imports of wheat, into Liverpool last
week were 4S.000 quarters from Atlantic ports,
17C0 from Pacific ports and 22,000 from other
The exports of corn from Atlantic ports last
week were 6500 quarters.
\ ; '
London Market.
The schooner James H. Bruce will load lum
ber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu; the bark
Kalulanl. merchandise at this port for Hon
olulu.
The schooner Muriel loads lumber at Blake
ley for Noumea, 47s 6d, chartered prior to ar
rival.
The Austrian steamer Margherita will load
lumber or merchandise at Tacoma. for China.
Japan or Manila (time charter. 7s 6d). char
tered prior to arrival.
The British ship Dudhope is chartered prior
to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for Euripe at
35s. ...
The French bark Duquesne. which Is now
on the way from Astoria to this port, la char
tered for wheat to Europe at 283 9d.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
• JiU«JS — P.anch 22fii22^c for selected large
and 2o@21c for good to .choice;: store, 20(tf2lc
per dozen; cold storage. Eastern, is@19e.
CHEESE: — New, Il@ll 1 ,ic; ' old, . 10@10%c-
Young America, I2@iac; Eastern, 13@l5c per
pound. • • • • - • >
Hutte/ — Crean.ery, Iro&iiic per lb for
fancy, 24c for firsts and : 22®23c for. seconds;
dalrjv 17%@22c; store Butter,- 14@lfic per lb;
creamery lub, 2Cc; .Pickled Kol!, Ij5ii'i9o; Keg
lofnlhc per lb. ' . . - '
Eggs continue weak wfith large receipts.
Dealers- generally complain of being over
stocked. There is considerable diversity 'of
opinion among the trade as to where the mar
ket ought to be, some claiming that the goods
ought to go down to 20c for the best, while
others maintain that no more Eggs would bt
sold at 20c than at 22c. The carry over is
large, that for last Saturday being 065 cases
more than for the previous Saturday. ¦
Receipts were 14,500 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter. 764 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern . Eg;?s.,.50u0 pounds of
California. Cheese, pounds- of Oiegoa
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese. ; !
Receipts of Buttor were liberal, but the mar
ket for fine creameries was firm at 26c as
the ruling figure for the bulk of the business.
The lower grades continued stow and easy. \
The disposition is to quote Cheese lower, as
the market is oversupplied. ¦ ' -
Butter, Cheese arid Eggs
Two cars of Eastern Poultry were put on.
The market was dull, with small local re
ceipts. '. ' ; <, ¦ .- ¦ .
Game showed little change. Receipts were 158
sks. Th» market, however, wes weak.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 15@17c; Live
Turkeys, 1:j@14c lor Oobbiera anu nyxje lor
Hens; Geese, per pair, . $1 50@2; Goslings,
S2CB-2 25; Ducks. $5(80 for old and $i«S7 tor
younjj; Hens, *4@5; young Roosters, *1 50'a?
o 50; old Roosters, *4@4 5O ; Fry ers. $4594 50:
Broilers, ?4@4 50 for. large and $3 50@4 for
small; Pigeons. $1 5U@1 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 75 for Squabs - '. . .
GAME— Doves, per dozen,' ?1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3@3 50; Canvasback. -. $.'i@l; Sprig.
$1 75@2; Teal. £1 25@1 50; • Widgeon. $1 25;
bmall Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack. $1 25; English
Snlp», $2 00;. Jack Snipe, ?1 50; Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese, $1 2a@l 50; Brant, SI 50®2
per dozen; Honkers, $3<&4 50.
Poultry and Game.
"In prunes the spot market continues firm
and quiet. Coast advices note a movement
cuicng the large packers to advance prices and
concentrate stock. Occasional business has been
done for forward delivery around the 3%c four
size basis for new Santa Clara fruit. Oregon
prunes show a moderate movement, but little
feature. In apricots and peaches we note sta
tionary but firm conditions. There is a good
Interest noted in bag figs. A lot of bags
has been sold at from 6'£c to 7c, according
to quality, for local account. Keg figs are
<-!osely cleaned up on the spot. Dates continue
firm and without special feature to note at
the moment."
"The feature at the moment is supplied by
raisins. A considerable speculative movement
has been noted In spot seeded, goods In transit
end in stock purchased but still on the coast.
Sales amounting to several thousand boxes
have been reported at a price said to be around
8c net for fancy, goods, it Is stated, being
bought in the interests of the coast syndi
cate of packers, several of whom are now in
this market. The heavy speculative movement
fcas engendered a stronger feeling among hold
ers, and some sellers have practically with
drawn from the market pending an expected
advance ia prices on the coast. Spot holdings
cf seeded are now believed to be largely con
centrated, and a similar condition is said to
exist in several of the large interior markets.
On seeded 7%c to 8c is still quoted in some
quarters for choice and 8%c to S%c for fancy
in cartons. Bulk is held firmly. On loose 3
crown is firmer at 6%c. with, however, possi
t!e purchases at %c less. Two and 4 crown
are scarce and prices somewhat nominal. In
Valencia layer raisins 7%c is quoted pretty
firmly. Stocks are in small compass, with the
market abroad on the parity of spot. Sultana
raisins show little imporxant feature.
Mall advices from New York say
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ;... 20 .Little Chief .... 10
Alice ..." 45 "Ontario .: 7 75
Breece ... 70- Ophir. ;.. go
Brunswick Con.. 08 Phoenix ... 05
Comstock Tunnel 05% Potosi 15
C C & Va 130 Savage ... .05
Dead wood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada.. 18
Horn Silver ....1 50 ,. Small Hopes ... 5s
Iron Silver «0 Standard 3 .45
Leadville Con 05 *
- 'BOSTON STOCKS AND^BONDS..
. Money— 1 United Fruit ... 80%
Call loans 4@5 Mining—'
Time loans 4@5j Adventure 20
¦ Bonds — I Allouez ... ...'... 2
Atchison 4s...;. .102% (Amalgamated ... C9%
Gas lsts KJ Baltic ... .; 37
Mexican Cen 4s.. 82. Blngham ....... 21W.
Railroads— / Cal & Hecla 580
Atchison 75 Centennial. . . ... 12
Do Pfd - 96% Copper Range '. . . 67
Boston & Albany.262%. Dominion Coal ...57
Boston & Maine. 192% Franklin ... .... 11%
Boston Elevated . . 166 1 Isle " Ilojale 21-
U S ref 2s reg 10S%|L & N uhlf 4s... 101
U S ref 2s coup. .108%'Mexican Cen 4s.. 82%*
U S 3s reg 108 Dd 1st inc . . . . 32
U S 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s..l««U
V B new 4sreg...l38%'M K & T 4s.... 98%
U^ new 4s coup. 140 Do 2ds 83
U S old 4s reg.. .111% N Y Central lsts.102%
U S old 4s coup.. 111% Do gen 3%r»....103
U S 5s res: ....108 N J Central gn 5s.l34
U S 5s coup 10.%- .Northern Pac 4s. 104%
Atchison gen 4s. .103% Do 3s ... 7434
Do adjst 4s 92%(Norf & W en 4s. ".102%
Bait & Ohio 4B..103 . Reading gen 4s... 98%
Do 3%s ....;.. 95tf St L & III en Os.117
Do conv 4s 104 St L & S F 4s... 96%
Can South 2nds..lO9% St-L S W lsts.. 98%
Central of Ga 6s. 108% Do 2ds 78%
Do 1st inc 76 San A & A P 4s". 88
Chei & Ohio 4%s.lO6% Southern Pac 4s.. 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Southern Ry 6s..ll9%
C B & Q new 4s.. 95% Texas & Pac lsts.118
C M & St P gn 4s.lll% Tol St,L & W 4s. 82
Chi & N W en 7s.l40 Union Pacific 4s. 104*4
C R I & P 4s.... 100% Do conv 4s 105%
C C C&St L gn 48.104 Wabash lsts . . . .118%
Chicago Term 4s. 89% Do 2ds . 114%
Colo & South 46.. 92% Do deb B " 6S%
Denver & R G 4s.l01% West Shore 4s. .- 112
Erie prior Hen 4s. 99% W & L Erie 4s 92%
Do gen 4s 89% Wiscon Cen 4s... 88%
Fy" W & D C lst.107% Cons Tob 4s?!... 69%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO7% . . V *
Total sales 529.900
.;:,, NEW YORK BONDS
and Brooklyn Union {Gas, but this did not
affect the generally t downward tendency of
stocks. Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy un
aasented stocks closed to-day at 220 bid, com
pared with 208 bid on Saturday. Standard
Oil sold in the outside market as low as 615.
but rallied somewhat. Consolidated Tobacco
fours made up the bulk of the bond market,
¦which was otherwise dull and irregular. Total
sales, par value, $5,010,000.
United States refunding twos, the registered,
threes and the new fours registered advanced
J 'i: do coupon i-i, and the old fours %. The
fives registered declined % and do coupon Vi
per cent on the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET. .
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 52.300 76 74% 74%
Atchison > pfd 1.800 97% 96% 90%
Bait & Ohio 2,200 10214 101% 102
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 300 96% 96 9tt
Canadian Pacific .. 600 114% 114& 114%
Canada Southern . . 700 86% 86 S6'4
Chesap & Ohio :.. 700 40% 46 46V4
Chicago & Alton... 100 35 35 34%
Chi & Alton pfd .. 100 76% 76% 76%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 3,700 52% 51% 52
Chi Ind & L pfd.. 200 75% 75% 70
Chi & E Illinois 134^4
Chi & G W 5.600 23% 22% 22%
Chi & G W A pfd. 9.100 84 84 83%
Chi & G W B pfd. 1.500 44% 43% 44
Chi & Northwest. 1.400 211 209 209?f
C R I & P 1,100 156% 155 155%
Chi Term & Trans .... 17
Chi Ter & Tran pfd 100 33 33 32
C C C & St Louis. 100 96% »<i% »6Vi
Colo Southern 400 14% 14>> 14%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1.700 62 «1 61 U
Colo South 2d pfd. 2,400 29% 29U 29%
Dela & Hudson... 800 173 172 172%
Del Lack & West. 265
Denver & R!o"G..-. 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 400 91M 01%« 91%
Erie 21.S00 ~ 40V» 39% K)%
Erie 1st pfd 2.700 72% 71% 71%
Erte 2d pfd 1.300 57 06% 5«%
Great North pfd.. 1,500 186^ 185% . 185%
Hocking Valley .. 200 C8% CS»i 68%
Hocking Val pfd.. 400 82% $2 82%
Illinois Central ... 2O0 13!» 13»^4 13SV4
: Iowa Central 100 38% . 3S% 3SV.
Iowa Central pfd. 200 72% 72 72
Lake Erie & West. - 000 67 05 65
Lake Erie & W pfd 125
Louisville & Nash. 2,70<» 105% 104% 101%
Manhattan L 7.600 136% 135% 155%
Metropolitan. St Ry. 64.700 167*< 164% 167%
Mexican Central .. 3,200 27% 27% 27%
Mexican National.. 4.S0O " 15% 15& 15»i
Minn & St Louis.. 400 10«% 106 105%
Missouri Pacific ... 10.900 101% 99% 100%
M K & Texas 500 25% 24% 24%
M K & T pfd 1.300 53% 52 T.2U
N J Central ; 1SS
N Y Central 11,200 162% 161 161%
Norfolk & Western.- 800 • 56% 55% 53 >/.
Norfolk & W pfd.. .... ' 91 '"
Ontario & Western. 1.100 34 33% 83%
Pennsylvania 8,200 148% 148 14s%
Reading 71.800 57% 55% 50%
Reading 1st pfd... 2.100 81% 81% 81>A
Reading 2d pfd... 3.300 63% 61% 02>>4
St L & S F 4,200 63 61% (52 2
St L & S F 1st pfd. 200 85% 85% 82 '
St L & S F 2d pfd.' 1.200 75% 74% 75%
St Louis SW 300 27 26% 26%
St Louis S W pfd.. SO0 60 59% 59
£££? PM. :::::: 500 163 « 16 !* \$P
Southern Pacific .. 13.000 59V4 5SY- 58%
Southern Railway. 4,200 32% 32Vi 32%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.700 93% 92% 92%
Texas & Pacific... COO 39 38 38
Tol St L & West ; ' iHU,
TolStL&Wpfd I!" 35
Union Pacific -29.700 101 100H 100>i
Union Pacific pfd.. 2.100 89% 88 ' 8sii
1,100 22% 22 Vi 22%
Wabash pfd " 100 42% 41% 41%
Wheel & Lake Erie ..... ..„ ... I 7 2
Wheel & L E 2d pf 28'*
Wisconsin Central.. IO0 19% 19% ijjst
WIs Central pfd... 700 40% 40 40»i
Express companies — .
Adams J95
American .-.;-; 212
United States 10.J
Wells-Fargo xss
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 13.700 70 " (50% - 603p
Am Car & Foundry 400 29*J 20 20
Am Car & Foun pf 200 86% 86% 86
Am Unseed OH .... U
Am Linseed Oil pfd ., 42
Am Smelt & Refln. 7.S00 47U 46 4(j%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 500 96 <£ 96 o«>'i
Anaconda Min Co. • COO 30% .'50% :;o(i
Brooklyn Rapid T. 17,300 «6 64% 65^4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 86% 85% 86
Consolidated Gas... 2,300 21S% 217' 217=i
ConUnental Tob pf 11,800 121 117% 119%
General Electric... 100 279% 279% 279%
Glucose Sugar 9,900 51% 48 50ii
Hocking Coal 14^
International Pap 19^
International P pfd 75%
International Pow §7
Laclede Gas 92
National Biscuit... 400 45% 44% 44%
National L*ad 100 15% 15% 15%
National Salt ". .... 30
National Salt pfd 155
North American ss
Pacific Coast 72
Pacific Mail 1.400 47 46% 46k
People's Gas 1,600 99% 9S% JK»
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 40% 39*2 ."19%
Presseed St Car pfd 400 83 "4 83% "klW
Pullman Pal Car • 219
Republic Steel 500 18% 16% 16%
Repub Steel pfd ogu
Sugar 19,200 122% 120% 121%
Tenn Coal &. Iron. 1,200 03 (52% fi2>!
Union Bag & Paper .'. . 13
Union Bag & P pfd 72
U S Leather... 400 11% 11% 11:54
U S Leather pfd.. 500 Sl% 81% SI %
U S Rubber ]±i/.
U S Rubber pfd... J00 P0% 50% 50
U S Steel 8.800 42% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 9.500 94% 94Vi 94%
Western Union 600 91% "90% 91
Am Locomotive.... 3,700 ' "2% 31% 31K
Am Loco pfd 200 01% 91% 91%
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Close:
Money "on call, steady. 3@4 per, cent. Ster
ling exchange, easy at ?4 87 for demand and
$4 84%@4 84% for sixty days. - Bar silver,
55%c. Mexican dollars, 44% c. .
Nezv York Money Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 20.— CATTLE — Re
ceiptB, 1400; market steady. Natives, $3 50®
7; cows and heifers, ' $1 35@5 35; veals, $3 50
@C 25; stockers and feeders, $2@4 50.^
-HOGS — Receipts, 7000; market strong. Light
and light mixed, $5 75@6 50; .medium . and
heavy, $6. ¦ . . .
TIOGS— rReceipts, 8000; market strong. Light
and mixed, $5 55®6 40; medium and heavy,
$0 30@6 70; pigs. $3 '70@5. -
¦ SHEEP— Receipts, ' 800. Market steady.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, Jan. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
19,000, Including 600 Texans; active and steady
to 15c' higher. Good, to prime, $6 20@7 25;
poor to medium. $4@6; stackers and feeders,
f2 20@4 75; cows, $1 25@5 10;\helfers, $2 50®
5 30; canners', $1 25@2 20; bulls, $2@4 60;
calves/ $2 50@6 20; Texas fed: steers, ,$3 25®
6 25. .
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 38,000; to-mor
row,37,000; left over, 3000; opened 5c higher;
closed steady. Mixed and butchers', $5 90®
8 62%; good to choice heavy. $S 40@6 65; rough
heavy, S6 10@C 35; light, ?5 65@C 10; bulk of
sales, f.G lOiffti 40
SHEEP — Receipts 20,000: sheep, steady to
strong; good to choice wethers, $4 30@5; fair
to choice mixed, ?3 75@4 50; Western sheep,
fed, $4 25@5 10; native lambs, $3 20<§(J; West
ern lambs, $5 2C(SC.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markel.
\.' .;«:'..// — ¦¦••*¦
. LIVERPOOL. . ,,
Wheat— ¦ • March. May.
Opening- .7.\ 6 2% 63^4
Closing :.-;.. 6 2% ' ¦ v 6 3%
PARIS. • '
•Wheat — - -'¦ - Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening .......... - ...2195 22 95
Closing :...«. . .. 21 95 " 2:3 0U
Flour —
Opening 27 90 28 80
Closing... -... • ...27 95 28 85
VEGETABLES — Green Peas . from Los An
geles, 3@4c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
]2>£@15c:. Cabbage, 40ig50c per. ctl;. Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 50@l 75 per box and $2
per crate; t Dried Peppers, . 10@12%c . per lb;
t^os Anireles do. ~18&18c; Dried Okra. 12%$*
15c per lb: Carrots. :<5@5Oc per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 60c@$l 25 per dozen; garlic, 1%@
2Vic; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 20@25c;Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 2Cc; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, $125; Morrowfat " Squash,
$8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8010; Mush
rooms, nominal. - •/ . .-, . *
ONIONS — Oregons. $1 75@2; Green Onions,
50®C5c per box. : • - , , .
Receipts of Potatoes were very heavy,
amounting to 15,487 sks, of which 7245 'were
from Oregon. The latter source also sent in
508 sks Onions..,' . --. '
Salinas Burbanks and Early Rose are higher.
Other Potatoes remain as before. One car of
Sweets came in, selling at an advance.
Peas are still plentiful. Other Vegetables are
not in very large ; supply, and the market is
rather firmer in consequence. ..
POTATOES — $1@1.25 for' Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40@l 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 2!>@l «5r Oreeon Garnet
Chiles, $1 40@l 50; River Reds, §1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed; $1 30@l 40; Sweets, $1 25
for Merced. . • - ..-..••.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Silver and Mexican dollars higher.
Another advance in Turpentine. \ ; ;
Wheat weaker, with heavy snozv in the winter belt.
Barley, Oats and Corn unchanged. Rye higher.
Hay weak under light rains and large receipts. -;.,;£]
Bran and Middlings as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds still dull.
Potatoes in heavy receipt, but steady. Salinas advanced.
Butter firm. Cheese and Eggs weak.
Dried Fruit quieter, but strongly held.
Hogs in ample supply and unchanged.
Prices for 1902 Canned Asparagus announced. . v
Canned Salmon quoted firm.
Three cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Bar silver, steady. 25 ll-16d per ounce.
Money 2 per cent. - The t rate of discount in
the open market for short bills Is 2;, per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months 1 bills is 3 per cent.
Cons for money.94 3-16 N Y Centra! .:..167
Cons for account.. 94>i Norfolk & West.. 57%
Anaconda ... C.% Do pfd 93%
Atchison ... .... 77% Northern Pac pfd.102
Do pfd ..:..... 100 Ontario & West.. 34%
Baltimore & Ohiol04% Pennsylvania . . . . 76%
Canadian Pacific. U~% Reading 29
Chesap & Ohio.".. 47 Do 1st pfd .... 42
Chi Great West.. 23 Do 2d pfd ..... 32%
Chi Mil St P..... 167 Southern Ry 33%
Denver & Rio G. 43% Do pfd 05%
Do pfd 93% Southern Pacific. 00%
Erie ... .... 41 V6 Union Pacific ...103$
Do?lst pfd..... 73% Do pfd • 00%
; Do 2d pfd SSy- U S Steel 43%
Illinois Central... 112% Do pfd .... 9?
Louis & Nash... 107 % Wabash ... .....22%
M K AT....... 25% D o pfd ........ «
Do pfd 53 Spanish 4s ...... 77}&
Do pfd ..115% Tamarack 255
Amer Tel & Tel. 159^ Trlmountain 58Vi
Dom Iron & Steel. 26 Trinity ...... 14%
General Electric. 278% United States ... 13%
Mass Electric ... 34 Utah ... 22%
Do pfd 92 Victoria .. "-*%
N E Gas & Coke, o Wlnona ... ..... 1
U S Steel 42% Wolverine ... ... 46%
Do pfd .... «4% |- *
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Miscellaneous — " iQuincy ... ...... 135
American Sugar. .121% Santa Fe Copper. 2V»
N T N H & H..210 Mohawk ... 20U
Fltchburgr pfd ...144 Old Dominion ... 22
Union Pacific ...100U Oeceola. 81'
Mexican Central. 27% Parrot ......... 29
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• CANNED FRUITS AND VEGETABLES— A
local trade journal says: ""The last of the
shipments of canned fruits to England by sea
have probably gone forward. The total to date
of 1901 pack is 131,184 cases— 52.497 to London
and 78.CS7 to Liverpool. This is an extremely
small export movement, shipments of the pack
of 1900 having been 253, C57 to London and 447.
349 to Liverpool,, total of 701,006 cases. Not
included in this season's figures given above
there were 14.117 cases manifested as canned
goods. 7 probably all vegetables."
CANNED SALMON— Sale of 20.000 cases red
and pink Alaska, private, the first sale of 1902
fish. The Alaska Packers' Association Is. re
ported cleaned out of its last year's pack. The
spot market is' quiet. • "
CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit Canners* Association announces the fol
lowing prices for 1902, per -case. 2 dozen cans
to the case: Mammoth White." $2 50@3 75;
Large White. $2@3 75; Medium White. $1 75®
2 65; Small White $1 €0; Mammoth Green.
$2 05@3 65: Large Green. $2@2 90; Medium
Green>$l 75@2 00; Small Green. "$1 50.
TURPENTINE— Another advance 13 noted.
65c per gallon in cases and 50c In drums and
Iron barrels. " .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlnff Com
pany quotes, per lb, in lOu-lb bass:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine I Crushed. 8.05c:
Powdered, 4.90c: Candy Granulated, 4.90c: DrJ
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' Af 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.S0c; Beet Granulated (100«
lb bars only), 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels. 10«
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. - No orders taken for lesj
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 5.30c;. boxes. -5.55c per lb. ¦
COAL OIL— Water .White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13Vjc; Pearl Oil. in'cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star," 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases," 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c: In cases.
20%c: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; is
cases. ?GV,c. - ' :
OIL. — California Castor OH, in cases. No. 1,
70; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
74c; raw,- 72c, cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon: pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases. 75c: Sperm, pure,
C5c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40® 50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases. 42%c: Co
coanut Oil. barrels, G3%c for Ceylon and 5S%c
for Australian.
¦ COAL. — Wellington," $9 per ton; South field
Wellington, $»; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $o 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15;. Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per
toh; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and ft 7 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 *"» per
"000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcutta*; Wool Bags,
32@.?5c: Fleece Twine. 7%©8c. -
General Merchandise.
100 Home/ • 3 P5
200 Junction , 19
100 Monte Cristo, s'00 1 45
500 Oil City Petroleum 21
500 Petroleum Center 08
2000 Sterling, b 90 120
2000 Sterling } 115
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales yesterday In
the San Franci3co Stock and Bond Exchange:
Morning Session.
1050 C C & Va 1 40, 400 Sierra Nev.... 1!>
2C0 Mexican GO! 200 Sierra- Nev.... 20
Af ternoon Session. i - t .".' ,
500 Belcher 10 5 O^hir 70
600 Best & Belch. 11 10O Oferman .... XI
900 Chollar 14 10O Potosl IS
400 C C & Va 1 :« 200 Potosi 17
1C0 Ophlr SI 200 Silver Hill... 45
The following were the sales yesterday In tha
Pacific Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
COO Best & Belcn. 11 300 Ophir PI
200 Chollar 14 300 Potosi 1«
200 C C & Va 1 40 300 Potosi 15
SCO C C & Va. .1 oP*i 200 Savage <"•
500 Mexican ...:. 3fti 1200 Sierra Nev. . . 2t>
300 Mexican -3U 500 Stiver Hill ... 4*
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcn. 11 200 Ophir ....... SI
150 Best & Belch. 12 500 Ophir 83
300 Chollar 11 40O Ophir ....... »»
100 C C & Va 135 200 Pct«?si Z~
800 Mexican . 31 200 Sierra Nev... I'l
20O Occidental 00 400 Villon Con.... 1-*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 20-r4 p. m.
£ld.A>k. Bid. As*.
Alpha — 01 Justice 05 0«
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes — 01 Lady Washtn. 01 —
Belcher 09 11 Mexican St 32
Best & Belch. 10 12 Occidental ... 08 1C
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 85 8«
Caledonia 25 27 Overman .... 11 12
Challenge Con 11 13 Potosi 18 17
Chollar 14 15 Savage 06 07
Confidence... 65 60' Scorpion — 0*
C C & Va 1 35 1 40 ;Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02: Sierra Nev... 20 21
Con N York.. 02 — ! Silver Hill... 45 47
Crown Point. OS 09 St Louis 05 —
Eureka Con.. 20 — [Standard 3 0O3 :>»
Exchequer... — 02: Syndicate .... 06 07
Gould &C... 06 08 Union Con.... 13 15
Hale & Nor.. 38 40 \ Utah ....... 05 Oti
Julia ...03 04! Yellow Jacket 08 03
Receipts of Beans, while not excessive, • are
in excess of market needs and the tone is rather
easy In consequence. Prices remain as before.
, BEANS— Bayos, $2 60@2 60; Small White,
$3@3 25; Large White, $2 90@3 10; Pea, $3 500
4; Pink, $S@2 20; Red, $2 50(8)3; Blackeye. $3 50
3 65;; Llmas. $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys, $3 uO©
3 75 ' Der ctl. . .
- SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 S5®3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25<g>3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
8%c: Rape. 1%@1%c; Hemp. 3%c. per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles," $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 Der ctl.
Bean's and Seeds.
western,*$l C8%; iprlme timothy seed,- $6 55:
mess pork... per bbl ,< $16 65@10 65; lard,: per
100 lbs.' $9 35@9 45; short ribs sides ' (loose). 1
*S 30®8 45; dry - salted . shoulders (boxed). ihk@
7 ] 4c; short clear -sides (boxed). $8 80@8 90;
whisky, basis v ofi high wines, . $1 32; -clover,
contract grade. $9 70@9 75/ - ¦ -¦¦-'¦ * '
Articles— i -- - S Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............. 25,000 12.000
Wheat, busheU •........;.. -56. 000 45,000
Corn, bushels .119,000 ,68,000
Oats, bushels „:......¦....:. 265.000 -202.000
Rye. : bushels ...... ! : . .'. . . . .. 13,000 > •• ' 3,000
Barley, bushels .......... :' 35.000 * ..: 15.000
On.the Produce. Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady- creameries. 15@23%c; aai
rles. >14(g20c, 1 Cheese, easy, 10@10%c. . Eggs,
easy ; fresh.- 22 % @23c. . .
VEAL— Large, 7®8c: small, 8@9%e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©3%c; Ewes. 7%©Sc
per lb. 'S09«i£iiagS|pMtaKMM|
LAMB— 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 8c;
under -150 lbs, ;5%©5%c: sows, 20 per cent
oft; boars, 30 per cent oft, and stags, 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. ,7®8%c v
, Wheat ¦ ; and • Oat.' $9@12 50 ; Oat. • $8 60® 11 CO ;
Barley and Oat. $8010; Alfalfa, $S@10; Clover,
$6 50@7 50: Volunteer. .1 $6@8 50; ' Stock, - $6@
7 50 per ton.. '¦- - : ... .«-¦"'.¦ ¦
.STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. : - H<-,V>'-
THE SM FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY , JANUARY 21, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL .MARKETS.
' Local ¦ packers continue > to report plenty of
Hogs for their business, ¦ and prices- show, , no
change. •-,-./' . ¦
..; \v nolesale • rates from slaughterers to dealers
are rs follows: '¦'"", - '- ' ¦
';-. BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and C@7c per lb
for Cows' ... -.'¦ . .
8
At th« twelfth annual meeting of the Sai
Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children t!n
following; members were . elected for the com
Ing year: Mrs. J. . Bertz, president; "Mr3
James Elder, first vice president; Miss S. E
Cowell, second vice president; Mrs. Wlllian
Thomas, third vice president; Mrs. S. B. Mo
Lenegan. treasurer; Mrs. W. E. Jackson, seo
retary; Mrs. J. L. Gould, corresponding seo
retary; Mrs. "William Frank. Mrs. O. B. Burn3
Mrs. William Hollls, Mrs. Guy E. Manning
Mra. A. H. Martin, Mrs. H. E. Osborne. Mrs
E F Preston, Mrs. F. V Wright. Mrs W. 9
I.eake. Mrs Albert Dernham, Mrs. H. E. Law
Mrs "William F. Smith. MUs Adelaide Pollock
M1S3 Maud O'Connor. Mrs. J. J. Spleker, Mrs
"William Gerstle. Mrs. George Sperry.
Trustees— R. B. Mitchell. C. S. Neal, C. S
"Wright, T. J. Schuyler. Dr. Jamas Ward.
Physicians — Dr. duy E. Manning. Dr. Wll
Ham Boerlcke. Dr.~ames Ward.
.• Attorneys — E. B. Young, D. H. WhlttemcW
R. B. Mitchell.
Dentist — Dr. O. B. Burr.a.
Officers Complete Inspection.
Generals Young. Kcbbe and Randal
have completed their inspection of site:
proposed for the" location of one of th
four national camps. Thursday nigh
.they will leave for Washington. D. C. ti
"make their reports and recommendation!
to the V/ar Department.
Demands Heavy Damages.
: Elmer E. Locke, by his guardian. Mar:
Locke, Is suing the Market-street Rait
way Company for $20,000 damages for In
juries received by being knocked down- b;
a Folsom-street car In September. *&**¦
a s k ' c 2 5
FTATIOXS. g a|3| ,g| » o f
? I 3 : 3 i 3 ?"* ?
Astoria 30.10 48 36 XE Cloudy .00
Baker 30.31 30 IS SE Cloudy .00
Oa.rson 30.20 42 40 X Clear .00
Eureka 30.1G 56 3S SE Rain .28
Fresno 30.20 €0 33 NE Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.24 44 6 E Clear .02
Pocatello 30.44 36 28 W Pt.CIdy .00
Independence .30.22 4S 22 SE Pt.CIdy .00
Los Angeles... 30. IS 66 42 W Clear .00
Phoenix 30.18 62 32 XtV Clear .00
Portland 30.12 44 3« XE Cloudy .OO
Red Bluff 30.20 50 3S SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30. US 44 34 KW Rain .01
Sacramento ..30.20 56 40 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.40 40 30 K Pt.CIdy .00
Kan Francisco. 30. 22 56 44 Sff Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo. -30.2G 62 34 W Clear * .00
fian Diego 30. 1G 60 44 XW Clear .00
Seattle 30.18 44 30 XE Pt.CIdy .01
Spokane 30.38 3t> 30 E Cloudy .06
Neah Bay 30.14 44 34 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 34 3U 24 S Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ..30.20 38 IS X Cloudy .00
Yuina 30.2O 68 3S XW Clear .00
Temperature, 7 a. m. — IS.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 38-16, Omaha 44^30
Cincinnati 36-26 Duluth 28-24
Philadelphia 38-20 1 Chicago 32-30
New York 36-16|Salt Lake City... 34-30
Kansas City 44-26 St. Louis 44-36
Jacksonville e0-40| Washington 40-28
a s k ' c 2 5
FTATIOXS. g a|3| ,g| » o f
? I 3 : 3 i 3 ?"* ?
Astoria 30.10 48 36 XE Cloudy .00
Baker 30.31 30 IS SE Cloudy .00
Oa.rson 30.20 42 40 X Clear .00
Eureka 30.1G 56 3S SE Rain .28
Fresno 30.20 €0 33 NE Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.24 44 6 E Clear .02
Pocatello 30.44 36 28 W Pt.CIdy .00
Independence .30.22 4S 22 SE Pt.CIdy .00
Los Angeles... 30. IS 66 42 W Clear .00
Phoenix 30.18 62 32 XtV Clear .00
Portland 30.12 44 3« XE Cloudy .OO
Red Bluff 30.20 50 3S SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30. US 44 34 KW Rain .01
Sacramento ..30.20 56 40 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.40 40 30 K Pt.CIdy .00
Kan Francisco. 30. 22 56 44 Sff Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo. -30.2G 62 34 W Clear * .00
fian Diego 30. 1G 60 44 XW Clear .00
Seattle 30.18 44 30 XE Pt.CIdy .01
Spokane 30.38 3t> 30 E Cloudy .06
Neah Bay 30.14 44 34 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 34 3U 24 S Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ..30.20 38 IS X Cloudy .00
Yuina 30.2O 68 3S XW Clear .00
Temperature, 7 a. m. — IS.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 38-16, Omaha 44^30
Cincinnati 36-26 Duluth 28-24
Philadelphia 38-20 1 Chicago 32-30
New York 36-16|Salt Lake City... 34-30
Kansas City 44-26 St. Louis 44-36
Jacksonville e0-40| Washington 40-28-VfcW YORK. Jan. 20.— Albert T. Patrick
v. as- called to trial to-day on the indictment
<-hargin« him with the murder of William
,Mar5h nio*. the millionaire recluse, who died
in thj* city September 23. 1&00. . *
Some significance was attached to the
restriction of the hearings to tea and
beer, but It was explained that these were
the only Interests which had asked for
hearings. The desire of the beer interests
1e to take off 60 cents from the 51 60 per
barrel now 'levied on beer, thus bringing
the rate to |1, where it stood before the
Spanish war. The total reduction In rev
onues on this item would be $24,000,000.
The reduction on tea will aggregate
about 58,000,000.
The Republican members of the Committee
on Ways and Means met to-day and have
taker, up the subject of the war revenue. They
decided to have & bearing before the full com
mittee on Monday, the 27th inst., on the ques
tion respecting the duty on tea and the war
revenue tax on beer. They will hear the people
interested in the subject of the duty on tea at
lo o'clock in the morning: ana tnose Interested
in the tax on beer at 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
There will be no further bearings.
Committee to-day decided to begin the
consideration of the bill reducing' the rev
enue taxes. After a conference attended
by the Republican members of the com
mittee Chairman Payne gave out the fol
lowing statement:
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The Repub
lican members of the Ways and Means
REVENUE TAXES
MAY BE REDUCED
In due form, In which will be kindled the
council fire, after which the great chiefs
who are to engage in the raising up will
enter and assume station at the varimi*
stumps. The different chiefs of councils
will be f-.rmed in. classes of the same or
der; when they will be obligated and then
be charged as to the several duties they
are to perform in the councils. The cere
mony of raising up as performed in this
oroer is interesting and will no doubt be
instructive to the "palefaces" who have
never witnessed it. • ¦
GREAT CHIEFS OF THE DEGREE! OF POCAHONTAS WHO ARE TO
TAKE PART IN THE PUBLIC RAISING UP IN ; UNION SQUARE
HALL TO-MORROW NIGHT.
The coming event, which has awakened
much interest in the membership of the
The ceremonies, which are to be car
ried out in the full letter of the ritual for
public services; .will be followed by a
great dance under the direction of John
W. Kelly, past sachem of Blazing Arrow
Tribe, who will be supported by an able
floor committee.
eagamore: Thomas Roche, srreat junior saga
more, and. EmeMo Last re to, great sannan.
There will also be a number at warriors.
bravee. runners and scout*. ¦
The great chief who Is to conduct the
ctTcmony is Great Pocahontas Mrs. Mina
Hew. who -will be assisted by Great.
Prophetess Mrs. Jennie Welsel, Great We
rcnah Mrs. Kate Wilson. Great Minne
haha Mr?. Minnie Bctts. Great Keeper ot
Records Mrs. E. J. Brazile, Great Keeper
of Wampum Miss K. A. Keane, Scout
Iila Wheeler, First Runner Annie M.
Bliss. Guard of the Forest Capitola A.
Bergman and a number of others who
have had minor parts of the work a?-
Pocahontas No. 3. AlfaraU N'o. 10,»Matoka
No. IS. Kaweah No. 24, Potomac No. 26.
Oneida No. 27. Ramona No. 28.
OIC the evening of the 22d last, the
recently plected chiefs of the De
gree of Pocahontas, the ladies"
auxiliary of the Improved Order
of Red Men. will be publicly in
stalled, or, as the ritual of the order has
it, "raised up."' in Union Square Hall.
The hall will be converted into an Indian
wig-warn and great council chambers, in
¦which the great chiefs -will perform the
interesting ceremony in the presence of
the daughters of the forests, the great
chiefs of the tribes, braves, warriors and
"palefaces." It will be the first time in
the history of the Degree of Pocahontas
that there has been a "raising up" of the
chiefs in the presence of any but mem
bers of the order, and it will be the more
interesting from the fact that it will be
a joint raising of all the chiefs of local
councils who were "twigged" for. The
several councils of this city are:
BELFAST. Jan. 20.— A wall;; of- the
Smlthfleld flax mills collapsed r to-day;
burying .! 5 the operatives; who included
many -women. Thirteen persons, were
killed and fifty injured.
Disaster at Flax Mills.
?: .-PEKING; • Jan.%'- 2O.f^A- v French '•priest
named »' Julienland " two.; Chinese converts
have * been T f murdered . at *' a ; village - in ? the
; north ? of i Wangs! Province. < '- Chinese bffl-
cials j assert . that uhe > murders ! were com
mitted, by robbers, ;
Chinese Officials •,; at , - Peking- -: Assert
That ? the ,CY^s^Were^ConP : V;
: ' ¦; :mittedl^'Robbefs.^:^ ;^v s ,;
PRIEST AND^: TWO? OF HIS ; !:•
X'{% CONVERTS' ; ARE l MTrRDERED
lives twelve: miles east;of. Visalia, made
a { murderous assault • upon - his wife r this
morning. He fired several bullets at her,
two of which struck her. corset steels and
glanced off. De Long is now In jail In this
city.-' / ¦ ¦ ..¦'-. • •„¦- . • ¦ . . • ¦ ¦ • ,j.
AVhen Mrs. de Long was taken home the
first thing she said was: • ,
."Oh, mother, see here; there, are two
holes in my new wrap that I put on this
morning for the first time." ¦ T. f --.-?
Deflect Two Bullets Fired at His Wife
by a Tulare County .
VISALIA, Jan. 20. — Henry de" Long, who
COBSET STEELS SA"vTE
: THEIR WEARER'S LITE
CONSTANTINOPLE/ ''-, Jan. 20. — The
United ¦} ; States "Minister, : John " G." % A
Leishman, 1 says the brigands who abduct
ed Miss' Ellen -M.": Stone and • Mme. ' Tsilka,
September . 3, - have » agreed to I accept ¦ the
amount of ransom raised by subscriDtion
The place : of payment is now " the only
question unsettled. • ; • .' .,
United 'States" Minister '.-') Leishman
. Says Place of Payment Remains :
: "to Be SettledJ' ;
CAPTOES OF MISS STONE , . ; '
AGREE TO ACCfEPT ~ BAN SOM.
What action will be taken' has not vet
been | announced. • The • complaint and
petition for injunction can be attacked
either by. demurrer or by direct answer
From, to-day the . defendants have "ten
days in which to ¦ make their appearance
In the case, either' by demurrer or by
answer. - ... y
The suit has how reached a, stage where
the lawyers can have full swlns at th*»
accusations of the complaint. No move
has been made i by. the j Enquirer ¦ Deonlp
toward their defense . or . attack upon the
document, because .they., were simply
waiting for service of i the ; papers That
preliminary- formality • has been accom
plished, and the attorneys will be In a oc+
sltioif to start the legal campaign The
attorneys for . the Enquirer- side of* the
controversy have : not been selected, -al
though, it is ¦; understood that Dr Georre
C. ', Pardee will , probably be represented
during the litigation ;by George Hf Man
tlet. ¦ 1'X\ ' ?-"¦-'¦•¦•¦¦•/.."¦.¦'.••;¦•.'."¦•-'--¦¦¦..•¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
r 1118 Broadway, Jan. 20.
Service of summons in the suit of D. Ed
ward Collins, president of the California
Bank, against Dr. George C. Pardee
Henry P. Dalton, G. B. Daniels, man
ager of the Oakland Enquirer, and em
ployes of the publishing company,; was
made to-day upon the defendants/
With this move the battle between the
minority and' majority control of the En
quirer really opens. The next phase of
the case will be disclosed when the Par
dee-Dalton side of the fight takes its first
step ! to the charges, that . have
been. made by Collins.. ¦.. ,-- , ,?
The Under Secretary, concluded with
saying he was unable to - lay > the papers
in the case on the table. V ' ¦¦:¦; •..-.
Her Majesty's Government;, Lord Cran
borne continued, declined to associate lt-^
self with other subsequent' proposals,
which seemed open to the objection of
putting pressure on the Government of
the United States and offering an opinion
on Its action. . . ¦ ¦ :
LONDON, Jan. 20.— The subject of pro
posed European intervention in the Span
ish-American War was brought up by
Henry Norman, Literal, in the House of
Commons this afternoon in the form of a
question asking whether any communica
tion proposing or concerning joint or col
lective action by the European states in
view of the outbreak of the late war be
tween the United States and Spain was
received from the Austrian Government,
or any other! Government, and if
so, what', waa the nature of the
reply of Her Majesty's Government. Nor
man futher Invited Lord Cranborne, Un
der Secretary for Foreign Affairs, to lay
the papers in the case on the table.
Lord" Cranborne in reply said . no such
communication had been made to the
Government after | the outbreak of the
war. but that Immediately before, the. war
communications were received from other
powers suggesting the presentation of a
joint note to the President of the United
States. Her Majesty's Government -agreed
to join with the other powers in a. note
expressing the hope that negotiations of
Her Majesty might lead to a peaceful set
tlement, accompanied by guarantees ac
ceptable to the United States for the pre
servation of order in Cuba. • The Govern
ment flret took steps to ascertain whether
the presentation of the note, as well as
Its terms, would be acceptable to ! the
President- " " - .
ANOTHER STEP
NEARER TRIAL
EXPLAINS GREAT
BRITAIN'S ACTS
OAKLAND GARDENER WHOSE BED WAS IGNITED BY FIRE FROM
HISPIPE AND WHO WAS SUFFOCATED BY THE SMOKE, FROM
\ THE BURNING BEDDING. ! r ' ¦ . , ''
A special injunction; Is laid dn : the com-'
manders to hunt' down the spies and se
cret contributbrs' to :¦ the | rebellion,* many'
of whom will ¦ be ; found among; municipal
officers. .General, Bell > says that Malvar:
and otherMnsurgent leaders have' dic- !
tated* elections' of? all i.town- officials Ain
Bantangas and , Laguna, r and these town
councils meet and pass resolutions de
uouncing the insyrrectiori, while secretly
informing the insurgents that this is done!
under ; compulsion • and Supplying them
with information. ; Therefore General Bel!
declares that- neutrality should not- be
tolerated; every • inhabitant 'should ; be
either an active friend or" be classed- as
an f enemy, 'and ; acts, ; not words,- must .be'
made the test. Chief and most Impor- '
tant among the class. of disloyal persons
he says, r are the native t priests. :. Generai
Bell 1 ; declares it- Is pretty.. certain that
every one In Batangas and LagUnas prov
inces ': is . a secret . enemy 7 of ' the, Govern
ment " and l in ; active - sympathy " with ¦ the
Insurgents.' He orders that they be Riven
no exemption .whatever, '» but j be : brouaht
to .'trial whenever.', sufficient evidence- is
obtainable, ¦ and -adds ¦'¦ that even > in 'case
of well-founded^ suspicion: they should be :
arrested to 'stop "their .'further activity
It '; is •; frequently impossible, -. he says ri to
obtain,, evidence lagainBt -Mnflueh'tial I per.-.
sons 1 as .long as - they are :af liberty;: but
once confined * evidence 'Is;, easily ''obtain
able. General Bell ' declares that the ap
prehension . and' punishment "of; one I indi
vidual, - official; .wealthyv man: or priest is
of. greater importance than the punish
ment of a hundred Ignorant persons The
wealthy , > and influential; , he •: says, 1 1 are
those: against/^whom, the ,most • enereetfp
efforts should, be directed.'. •. ; „ !•-, . -V'
H"o Quarter to Be Shown Spies.
This order is followed by a long circu
lar by General . Bell to his station com
manders," commenting : on existing condi
tions and giving them advice how to. pro
ceed. It begins with. the statement that
he shares in the general . conviction . that
the - insurrection -continues,' because -the
greater part -of the people, especially , the
wealthier ones, do not'reallywant peace.'
He, says' It is regrettable; that- the- inno
cent must suffer with; the guilty, but the
greatest good to the greatest number "can
be best brought about by putting a quick
end to the insurrection. -.Therefore he di- i
rectsthe application of general. order No.
100, 1 in • force during the civil' war in ! the
United States,- which practically regards
an Insurgent as a guerrilla and outside the
pale. of civilized warfare and subject to
the death penalty, wherever such | insur
gent does not i engage continuously in the'
war and to serve alb the rules Of -. war. •
However, it is: provided 1 that there- shall •
be no executions without the approval of
a- superior officer. • Commanding ¦ officers
are specially enjoined [to encourage young.
officers 7 in : hunting " down the - insurgents, •
and it Is pointed out. that there 4s no^just
cause , for • exceptional t caution . or : appre-'
hension' in insurgent bodies
wherever found. VAt any rate, under ex
isting ; conditions, ': legitimate chances
should be accepted, says General Bell aa
excessive caution will do j the < army incal- '
culable harm. The: best 'defense against
the insurgents, he says; is 1 to assume a
vigorous offensive movement, as to retire
in the presence of the.ehemy is hazardous '
The reconcentration order is dated at
Batangas, December 8 last.; In substance
it provides for the establishment of a
zone around the garrisons, into which. the
friendly inhabitants are- to. be. required
to come under penalty of confiscation and
destruction of their, property. This is
said to be neccessary to prevent. the col
lection of forced contributions from the
inhabitants by the insurgents. The mili
tary officers are allowed to fix the' price
of necessaries of lifer and :• it is promised
that the people. may return as soon { as
peaceful conditions are established. ; •:_•.• ¦,
Innocent Must Suffer With Guilty.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— Haying failed,
after two years', strife, In subduing : the
insurrection in Batangas . Province, which
lies just south of Manila,. and having sat
isfied himself that lenient, treatment of
the insurgents ' is productive of no; good
results, General J.-' Franklin 'Bell, the" mili
tary commander in that province, has de
'termined on the enforcement of the war In.
the mosk-yigQrouB^imd.j^qte^mined fash
ion. " It ' involves' thV recdnc&itration in' a
modified form, the application of martial
law in all directions, and the unsparing
pursuit and punishment L of the natives
who /act as. spies 5 and traitors to the
United States.' v
; All 'this appears from a long "report to
the War Department, just published. .;/
FILIPINOS MUST
LAY DOWN ARMS
LOS 'ANGELES, Jan. 20.— It is said that
the Denver and Rib Grande. Western Rail?
"'way Company, backed by George _ Gould
and his associates, will build a new line
between Salt I-ako ; City and California.'
H. J. Faust, the noted '.Western, pioneer,
now. visiting Los Angeles, brings < the lat
est news r of the' project;' which, would
mean much to the* State, and the coa'st. "
:- Mr. Faust says | that he' has seen maps
of I a survey across ' the ¦ desert in - Utah, j
leading to Walkers Pass; in the Sierra
Nevada ¦ range. Nflj G. Neagus ,has- sur
veyed a route through.this pass, which is
1500 feet lower than any. other pass in the
upper country, including the Central Pa
cinc pass. While Engineer ; Neagus' dis
cussed with' Mr. Faust the work he had
superintended/he was secretive regarding
the object of his. employer. ' / >•,; '
Mr. Faust was already aware that a route
had been surveyed from Salt Lake City
across the desert, through .-Eureka;"' Ne
vada, to Walkers Pass, then beyond to
Kern River and up the Tulare Valley , to
Ban Francisco. The line, will pass through
forty mining districts of Utah and Ne
vaaa.. including eighteen districts in the
Deer, Creek, Utah, vicinity. ; -' ¦ .-" .
The Denver and Rio Grander Company,
eight years ago, surveyed a route to-Cal
ifornia, but the Central Pacific Railway
Company opened negotiations and * pre
'vented the construction of the j line by
making concessions S to •¦ the Rio Grande,
it is said, amounting, to about $5,000,000
annually. About a year ago George Gould
and associates purchased the Denver and
Rio Grande system, and it is claimed they
are now making' cautious moves - which
indicate, the building of the line as- here
outlined. . '- . ¦¦'.:¦' ' <¦-•
Special Dispatch • to The Call.
Qourse of the Line Across TJtali
Desert to "^Talkers . Pass in j the
" . Sierra, Is Already Staked;
,;": ¦- ;.\.;/ ; ' v :out ' ¦¦'<.¦• '¦
* ¦ • ¦ ¦ v ¦>¦¦--' ,¦¦¦-¦ ' • ¦ •- - ¦ .-
Projects a Transcontinental
'Railroad Intoi San Fran-.
'""-, . ¦ ,-.- .;.-¦.-¦¦¦... .•_.:.:¦ ¦ v ; . - .
CISCO.
Gould 'Surveys Route
From Salt; Lake to<
California*
TO EXTEND
DENVER AND
RIO GRANDE
Fire and He Is Suffocated.
Falls Asleep While Smoking, His Bed Takes
McCALL'S CARELESSNESS
RESULTS IN HIS DEATH
STORM AVOIDS
LOS ANGELES
Only a Trace of Rain in
the City of the ;
Generous Showers Reported
From San Diego and
Interior Points.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— "It looks at
though the storm that manifested Itself
here on Saturday night has moved east
ward with great rapidity," said Weather
Observer George Franklin to-day. "It
now appears to be central over Kansas.
Los Angeles received about .13 of an inch
of rain." : ' .
Light frost occurred this morning in the
lowlands around Los Angeles, but It was
pt th« white variety and did little or no
damage, so far as can be learned, it U
clear and cool to-night.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20,— Showers con
tinued in the mountains back of San
Diego - this forenoon. ' completing tn*
ratner generous rain which came on Sun
day morning. The heaviest rain was re
ported at liehesa, where, after an inch
and a half of snow, a warm, shower came
on, giving the section about an inch and
a half ot water all told. The fall at Ai
plne,: Cuyamaca and Julian amounted to
about an inch, and from that down to a
third of an inch along the coast. There
is much ground alreaay* plowed and seed
ed in the country and the rain will start
the growth.- More rain- will be . needed
immediately, as the ground everywhere id
very dry.
FitESNO, Jan. 20.— A sprinkle of rain
fell here early yesterday morning, but it
was barely sufficient to lay the dust in
the streets. " To-day ' the . weather was
cloudy, but to-night the sky cleared and
the atmosphere 13 cold. A good rain la
badly needed, but at present there are no
favorable indications.
BAKERS FIELD, Jan. 20.— Those' who
are much in need of rain and whose hopes
had been raised by - the rainfall .which
started Sunday j morning have been dis
appointed, and as the weather is now
clear and cold a continuation of the dry
spell is looked for. The storm was of no
benefit, merely the surface of the ground
being moistened. Although the rainfall
was slight in this city ana the surround
ing valley, there was a goodly fall of
snow and rain in the mountain sections
and feed for stock is now assured. At
Tehachapl four inches of snow is reported,
and throughout the Woody and Linn
Valleys country it rained hard all Satur
day night. Farther back In the mountains
there was a heavy fall of snow. Those
who have their wheat in have not as ye I
despaired of a storm which will insure a
good' crop. ¦¦ ' ¦
STOCKTON. Jan. 20.— The showers of
yesterday and the preceding night wore
followed by sunshine to-day, but it cloud
ed toward evening and by 9 o'clock what
promised to be a good rain began falling.
The rain is coming just in time and has
not been needed up to the last few days.
But .06 of an inch fell for the twenty-four
hours ending at midnight Sunday. The
record shows .35 of an Inch for the month
and 5.38 Inches for the season, as against
8.16 inches for the corresponding period
of last year.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— A light but steady
rain began falling at 7:30 o'clock this
evening and there is every indication that
it will continue through the night. Sat
urday's rainfall amounted to v . 11. of an
Inch, making 3.1S inches for the season.
To the same date last year the rainfall
was 11.17 inches. The rain is joyously
welcomed by farmers and orchardlsts.
Although there has been no real suffer
ing, rain is needed so that seeding and
plowing may be completed. Grain already
planted and up also needs moisture to
give it growth. The recent cold spell has
kept the feed from growing, but a good
shower and warm weather will remedy
this.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— Rain began
pouring at 7 o'clock to-night and con
tinued almost steadily from that hour.
The prospects are for a continuation of
the downpour -through the night. Al
though there has been no actual loss to
the farming community hereabouts, .be
cause of the absence of rain, nevertheless
the present precipitation ' is welcome. 'It
will be of great . advantage to the recently
sown crops. , '
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 20.-tHeavy.raln be
gan falling this afternoon and continues
to-night. Crops are looking well. Early
sown grain - is particularly benefited by
the precipitation. •
WOODLAND, Jan. 20.— Gentle showers
commenced at 7 o'clock this evening a-J
the spirits of the farmers have revived.
Bar Association Officers.
The Bar Association of San Francisco at tfca
annual meeting held on Friday, elected the fol
lowing officers for the present year: Presi
dent, Warren Olney; aenlor vic« president.
Charles \V. Slack: Junior vice president. Henry
Elckhoff; treasurer, John M. Burnett; tru»
tees, Edward R. Taylor, W. B. Bosley. Alfred
Wheeler, F. P. Deering and Henry ,W. . Bran
densteln. The annual banquet of the . associa
tion will take place at the rooms ot the Mer
chants' i Club Saturday evening. February S.
Licensed to Marry.'
1 OAKLAND. Jan. 20. — Licenses 4o marry
¦were issued to-day to Charles A. Russell,
aged 21. Berkeley, and Lottie M. O. Aitch
ison, 18, Oakland; John C. Rudbach, 35,
and Jennie S. Cuthlll, 26, both of Oak
land; Elmer E. Poston. 37. and Delia
Clines, 23/ both of San Lorenzo; Edward
R. Rowland, 21. Orinda, and Susie * L.
McGraw, 18, Oakland.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS CHIEFS
WILL BE PUBLICLY "RAISED UP"
Ceremony of the Improved Order of Red Tleri to Be Held
in t\\e Presence of " Palefaces."
s.gned to them. Some of the great chiefs
of the parent order will also take part in
tfte ceremony and among these are:
Past Brands eachem. James a. Smith, who
will be the creat Dowhattan; James Boyes,,
sreat Bachcm; John R. Tyrell, great senior
order, not only in this ; city but in, adja
cent counties, will, it is expected, be wit
nessed by many who will trail from other
reservations, as well as those from the lo
cal tribes and councils. ¦¦¦:. . ' -'¦ :.. .
There will be the opening of a council
9
THE SAN FUANOISCb :CALL;;.,TDES£^v'"^AOTA'Rt- :: 21y 1902;
: SPRINGFIEU), '¦/ 111..- Jan. 1 ¦" 20.— Governor
Tatea to-day . Issued. ! a "• proclamation ' d«wlgmat-
Ing -.Wednesday, January. 29, ' aa McKlnley day/
and requesting: that appropriate observances of
the . day/ by fitting exercises * be held through •
out : the; State - in honor of the late President
' . The Native , Sohs" v Library ' and Reading-room
''Atsociatloii I has : : elected f the !, following k named
as its officers for the ensulng*term:7 "Henry, G;
TV'.' Dinkelsplel , of Bay S City ! Parlor,'', president ;
Fred vof r.Yerba Buena Parlor.-t vice
president: : -,William A; < King: , of ¦', Golden J-Gaxe
Parlor,* secretary ; . L#. ,• M. •- Bannan * or *• Sequoia
Parlor, '. treasurer,-, and 'Ralph ' Stockman of ; Cal
ifornia i- Parlor, i librarian.- 1 '.The^reports •' that^
were presented. show that the < association Is in
*». nrosDerous condition. . ; -'-'V '¦'. ' '
Native; Sons'
: , H. IW-' Ecclestoh - <• Is . suing the -Young
Men's' Christian,? Association \ to~? recover
$350,V which -he clalmsihe' deposited with
the society; at" different 1 times ¦ since Sep
tember, 1899. He .alleges, that it was .'mu
tually , agreed : that : the » money should - be
returned to *him : upon demand,.; but that
in September ¦ of last year,-,when ¦ he
sented' •: his - demand, i the return his
money 'was, refused him:, ' . •• •-
Sues for' Beturii of Money.
>/From San;Francisco-rW. B. KruegerT G.
H.' Robinson, at the Navarre; C. I* Ack
erman.-'I.^C. Ackerman.rMrs. M. Meyer
field: Miss Meyerfield.:; Mrs. S.'b; Schloss,
at the - Holland ; S. Davidson, at the Im
perial; < T...M.V' Grant, at ,the Astor;P.
Selig. - • " J. P. Sherrock, at ; the Herald
Square. .'.-"•' v " : -¦:..,-•.: ' .j..-.-i:_:<
' From Los Angeles-rMiss F. ¦Norton, S.
S. ;• Pier ; and < wife,- at , the -' Albert ; C. W.
Sanders, at the Park Avenue. .
.;•: NEW, .YORK, ; Jan. " 20:— The f ollowing
Califomians- are in -New/York: \ •.
Calif ornians in New York.
- v WASHINGTON; D. C, Jan.- 20.—Post
office established: > California— East High
lands^ San -Bernardino County."; David H.-
Riehardsonj postmaster. - Postmasters
commissioned: ¦ ' California— William : F.
•Wulf ; Crescent City. ¦ Washington—Ger
trude McClintook, Burton. . , . ,
" Postmasters appointed: California—E3
ward ¦•'¦ ; A. ! v - - McClusky; Corcoran, 1 Kings
County, vice : H. T. t Shirley, : resigned : Ja
cob M. Coombs, Phillipsville, - Humboldt
County; ¦ vice M. :¦* P.: Alexander, resigned.
'These .pensions were granted:* ; Calif >r
nla:'Original—Michael Guare. San- Fran
cisco; %&; John F.rClough,*- Berkeley,". $6;
FideliusAvery, San Francisco,' $8; Daniel
McLaughlin,: Soldiers' Home, Santa Mon
ica, $10; Michael Kayser.Broderick, $12. I
; . Increase— Peleg ; B. ; .^Washburn, "Alvlao,
$10; ¦¦•' William iDreusicke, t. San Francisco,
$12: > John Salsbury, San "Francisco, 1 - $12;
Frederick Reef,- Slsson; $8. * Mexican War
—Aaron .Weir, "Emeryville, 1 $12 ; Jane ': ,\V.
Spratt, Veterans' Home," Napa, $12; : Nich
olas P. Earp.-Mentone, $12; William '^ld
Copeland;; Sonoma/ $12.^ .Widows— : Abbio
Hlller, Los Angeles, $8.v^ i -y, ; -»: •' :¦'- \>-\
I Oregon : ? Original— George : A. ' Rutledge ,
Mount - Tabor, $12; ;•: Increase— Hiram U M.
Prindel^Fisher,'$10; ' , Adaline Rutledge,
Mount Tabor, $8. ¦ ±x r. -^ '•¦* ¦¦'¦ -* ' ¦ "-¦•'¦-: A
? Washington: Increase— Ezekiel A.,Shir
ley," Pullman,; $12. • Widows— Rosslnah P.
Rolph, Klona, $6.- .- ; : *•
Several /'Changes,: Are Made in. ' the
Postal Service. and New Pen
..sions* Granted.' .:
OF INTEREST TO J PEOPLE -: . .
: OF- THE • PACIFIC COAST
" Some of. the resident Mexicans say that
three Americans killed Tachaco. . The San
Diego County Corone^ will investigate.
- Later his dead body was found, with the
skull ; crushed in. '.' The Coroner not being
accessible, twelve citizens held an inquest
and , delivered ¦ a verdict that death . was
the result, o£- injury .-to 'the. skull from un
known, causes. - ; . „ .
; SAN DIEGO, Jan. 2.— A special to the
Union- from" Calexico, "a new' town', near
Imperial', says: Yesterday Alberto.Tacha
co, a Mexican, rode through this, place
looking c for trouble. :He fired *- several
shots, one >' of which passed through a
tent. : The boundary line runs through the
settlement, and Tachaco 'crossed it -after
the - shooting,* hitched his mule . on the
Mexican side and then returned.
looks fob tbotjbij: and
dies with his boots on
; BERKEEEY,- Jan.- 20.— George Holmes
Howison, M. A.; LL.D., Mills professor of
intellectual; and moral philosophy and
civil. polity at the University of Califor
nia, in : his . lecture before the class in the
history of philosophy delivered on Friday,
made known to~ the students 'that news
paper: reporters were not' wanted in his
classroom, although he would gladly wel
eomeall other adults to his course. Pro
fessor Howison decared reporters to be
"lost' souls," , who would not do to asso
ciate with a 'class in philosophy. ";¦'•¦
•Professor ¦¦¦¦ remarks caused
unusual comment among the students, in
his class, and he was quoted freely about
the campus. • Although declining -to dis
cuss the subject any further he stated
that in his lecture. he made the following
remarks:;. ;-; -• ' •-" ''..:'¦¦ -¦-. -*>•'¦• 'V* ';'¦'¦
"We cordially Invite • graduate " students
and adults -not in the .university to : visit
this course, providing they.;are not^news
paper men. We want no reporters or cor
respondents. They i are lost souls', and, we
want no- beings of that description in our
classroom unless . they have deeply, re
pentedof their -sins, and promised to re
form." ' v ¦.-•' '-.'.V'--' ¦ ' ¦'.'¦'" ¦¦•¦"¦ : " . ¦ :.¦'¦'.
of 'California Issues Edict
" Against Newspaper Men
Professor Howison of the University
. Thebaud identified all the jewelry stolen
from >¦ Manners' room in the St. ¦ Charles
Hotel as belonging to him. : '
- NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 20.— P.' G. The
baud of New York to-day, fully. Identified
T. E. Manners', the prisoner in the Jail
at Gretna, as Edouard Kern Jr., his late
valet, who robbed the Thebaud mansion in
New York of $60,000 worth of diamonds and
jewelry. The moment Thebaud laid eyes
on Manners he said he was Kern. Man
ners made no further denial : of his iden
tity.. The necessary papers to take Kern
back ' to New York will be laid . at . once
before Governor . Heard, and that official
has promised to sign the extradition im
mediately. Klein and West, the men who
¦were arrested for' stealing Manners' trunk
from the St. Charles Hotel and who be
trayed Kern, will, it is expected, get off
with light punishment. Their case is to
'come up on Tuesday. ¦ They probably will
be taken to New York as soon as the
hearing of Klein and West Is ; concluded.
Stole S,ixty Thousand Dollars'
Worth of Diamonds.
Arrest' of Edouard Kern Jr., Who
VALET WHO BOBBED HIS './.••'¦
EMPLOYES NOW. IN" JAIL
tinguished. ..'All this time Recall's body
had tjeen lying in the bed. He was hastily
removed to the Receiving Hospital, but
when he reached | that institution he was
pronounced dead. Besides suffocating, his
body was frightfully burned/
"The ' only - way I pan account for the
fire," said Hinds, "is that McCall was
smoking in bed. He did this "frequently
when he wished to lie abed and read. He
must. have gone to. sleep. I threw a buck
et of Water over the blazing .bed as soon
as I reached McCall's room, but I did not
'know' that the man was in the bed. I
thought he had gone to his work. He was
found by the firemen when they came.'.'
.--McCall was a gardener' and was about
42 years of age. "He is said to have had
a mother and sister in San Francisco.
The damage to property done by the fire
was ; only nominal. The building is a
two-story frame affair, and has stood for
years at the southwest corner of Thir-.
teenth and Harrison streets. It' is owned
by A. C. Dietz.
-... It was shortly before 3, o'clock that one
of "'the : lodgers -at . the, house aroused .. the
landlord, A. L». Hinds, with the Informa
tion that the upper • corridor \ ' was filled
with smoke. With a bucket of water the
two men ran ; upstairs ; and traced the
smoke to^ -McCall's door. At -the same
time -the chemical engine on. Thirteenth
street, half a block away, was summoned
and the firemen- soon -had 'the -blaze ex-
"LOST. SOULS" BABBED
. <. FROM LECTUKE BOOM
It is "supposed that McCalUwas smok-.
Ing- In bed" and'-: suddenly fell asleep.
The bed clothing became ignited and .he
slept peacefully while the room filled with
smoke and he wasjrendered" unconscious.
{ / f^.. AKLAND, Jan. 20.— A victim of his
, /f.;. \Y own carelessness, Edward McCall
II "Jl lies dead at the Oakland Morgue.
}\^r He was suffocated by.smokeiear
• ,; ,. . ly, this morning,in his room at the
Ramona House,- .Thirteenth and Harrison
streets. ; - . .'¦'... ,'. ''** >'_¦ ¦¦ ':. •'"".",. "•'
GRAPE-NUTS.
;^-^ ADVEB^ISEMENTS.
No External
Symptoms.
The. blood may be in bad condition*
yet- with :, no external signs, no skin
eruption or sores to indicate it. The
symptoms in such cases being a variable
appetite, poor digestion, an indescribable
weakness and nervousness, loss of flesh
and a general run-down condition of the
system— clearly showing the blood has
lost its nutritive qualities, has become thin
and watery. It is in just such cases that
S. S. S. has done some of its quickest and
most effective -work by building; up the
blood and supplying the elements lacking
to make it strong and vigorous.
eral bottTes^fS. S^S. ''j^^fj&
as a blood purifier and fjf
to tone up a weak and %*& f^jm
emaciated Bystem.with Y
very marked effect by h, T^^^^^.
way of improvement, jajgjfatigy
great tonic and blood^tafawSBH^^teB
Si 4£Bfe /SSk is the greatest of all
»v »." tonics, and you will
I v^^k k'^a find the appetite im-
f {^^ proves at once, strength
returns, and nervousness vanishes as new
rich pure 'blood once more circulates
through all parts of the system,
, S.' S. S. is the only purely vegetable
blood purifier known. It contains no min-
erals whatever. Send for our free book
on blood and skin diseases and write oar
physicians for any information or advice.
wanted. No charge for medical advice.
' • THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA.
§ Your Hotel 2
0 .„ S
• wil! serve q
I Grape-Nuts j
O Q
I? you ask ®
1 I
| Order the food served •
• dry and with cream o
q to pour over it. f
o ¦ ZTHE SA:Ny vFKANGISCO C AXli^ VTTJESTDA^^ANXJAR'T ;^21^j: 1902.
10
SPIRITUALISM-— Continqea. //• ' ;¦ '\
BROCKWAY. . 1052 - Ellis." bet - Franklin and
Gougrh ; phone Larkln 3761 — Seances . Sun. .
Tues.., Thurs.; 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-6.
MME. YOUNG' S ' demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; lOo; come, skeptics.
MME. THYES, 093 Market, parlor 12— Circle
to-night. 8:15; 10c; test to all; readings dally.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium, rain
or sunshine, for short stay. 309 Turk st.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thurs...
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-nightr 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS. , V
KNOW THY FUTURE - - '- -
- And Prospects for 1902 by Consulting . ¦ ; -,
' - SIR HENRY PRICHARD:
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. -
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
- unites the i separated, tells whom ' you ; will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
' love how to overcome all enemies: gives full
- secret how to control or Influence . any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
him superior to all others. Hours,, 10 to 7.
daily; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms,. 13, ;
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST— 1104.1
Corner Turk, • nearly opposite Zlnkand a..
MME. M. BERNARD, ! -. . ¦' ;' ' S
• / THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner .bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present, hap-
penings and portrays events .. to occur in the
future. If you axe in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed..' Tel.. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt, cor. Golden Gate ave,, rooms 25 and
26; take elevator.^ Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; -send stamp ¦ for , pamphlet
with special terms. Dally ' and Sunday.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice; no long story;
. Just what you want to -know; consultation on
all matters; love, marriage, divorce, family
troubles, sickness: we convince all. Parlors
1, 2 and 3, 607 Kearny st. : .
MME!. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215 & '6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently. located 1148 Market, op-,
poslte Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. : Sundays from 10; to 12 a.m. V
MME. PORTER wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE,: 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p.m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.nr. 4th.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant. .. 349^4
Minna St., t near Fifth. ..-. ' ¦¦"''-. ,
MRS LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234^ Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
.spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c: G. 50c.
MME WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant tells past, present &
future: L. 25c: G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ¦ la-
! dies 25c; gent3 SOc: readings dally. 132 Sixth.
50c, $1— Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
er; mall orders: stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS MELVILL, well-known- clairvoyant water
reader.ll 6th; German spoken :tel. Jessie 1563
MRS B Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c un.v 5 Fourth st.
COLLECTION OFFICES. : -
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor. 916 Market St.: advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys.' ' ¦::."..
GEORGE - W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 327 Market Et. :
COTTAGES TO LET. .
LOMBARD. 1643 — Rent $15, cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; no children; reference.".' ! ".
$9 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms; big yard. 104 China
ave.; near Mission st ' . ..''.-'*
DENTISTS.
A— DR."7fr&THIGGINSr527 Market st, Emma
"Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5 up:
plates, a full 'set of teeth . that look natural
and (guaranteed. - $5 up. '.•-.. ¦"• - .* -
¦ Painless extraction. .:¦''" '
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for I best crowns, plates, • bridges
and fillings; extractions or." fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice, free: . prices
cheapest and- guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done paln-
' lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
¦up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S. : Manager.
A NEW plate^-The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR." H.J G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ..--¦
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
lesa ext.. 50c: plates S5up;. phone Polk 1135.
DOG SPECIALIST. /" ~
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist,
late of New York City, has Just 'located at
306 Jones st, where he will administer to the
ailments' of - domesticated animals;, office
hours 10 to 3: telephone Kate 20S5. ¦
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate ave. "
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmakings Millinery School—
Class -rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL^. /
HEALD' S aIT^ENGI^
NEERIXG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory -and shop: work; thoroughly
practical ; day and night 24 Post at . S. b\ ;
catalogue free. . ;
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life i scholarship guaran-'
. tees a complete bus. education; - shorthand, .
typing, bookkeeping, | arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, . Spanish, etc. ;. experienced teachers;
. new typewriters; positions secured; "cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,"
8. F.- — Thorough courses; complete equipment
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
.engineering; day and night; catalogue free. -
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory,
school for the university, '- law and - medical
•'. colleges; references. President Jordan or any
.Stanford professor. : Phelan, building. . - ¦
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
; MARSH COLLEGE. -Is .'this advice- worth
following? ¦ Life „' scholarship , $50; , catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School.
- associated with . theatrical agency • securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell it. '
THB Raven awards handsome prizes for. bright
short stories. Forward', manuscript; to P. -O.
box 77, Berkeley. ; : ; : ¦ , : .-' ' '. . .
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'*?; figures.!
. TARR, expert accountant. . 220 Parrott . bldg. :
MERRILL-MILLER College^Shorthand, ¦ typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping; Rooms 40-45, Par-"-
~ rott bldg. ; | individual - instruction; catalogue. '
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide ; day,' eve. ; est 1864. v Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton; nr. City Hall. ;
CALIFORNIA Business 'College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;.'
new CO-pace catalogue free. 1 305 Larkin st. ,,
A FULL course of | Ellii ; bookkeeping and ( the
Gregg shorthand costs > only ' $60. ' * San Fran-
i clsco Business - College. * 1236 • Market f st .'•• ._¦ :: ;<
A — THE ' Leo Cooper ' School of Acting has re- j
'¦ moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason St. <
LADY~teacher would 'like, a few. more Juvenile
piano pupils; ,50c an, hour., Box 2879, Call.';."
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.'.
' etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. . 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. i
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
'. of Language8,320Post : estab' d 1871 ;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught I by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. j3O2 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. ':* Prof.: MERKI.' good
, teacher. 1008 Mission ; .- Instruments ; selected. .
Chicago Business College.' 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
. Pitman ' shorthand,'; typing; -bookkep. ; • $6 . mo. \
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S ,;DAT K 1 and ¦
ILLUSTRATION— night r class. - 424 1 Pine str.- ,
MARY P. -WESTH AUS, piano," mandolin, guitar .
' lessors, 60o ; piano for practice. " 39 Fifth st "
HEALD'S Business | College, 24 Post St., 8. F. ;
f . -> founded ; 1863 ; » ne w j SO-page catalogue : free. *^ :
SAX FRA_\ CISCO CALL.
BUSI3CESS OFFICE of The 6an" Francisco /
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o* clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
earner Clay; open until 9 :30 p. "m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIB Larkin street: open until 8:30 P. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tmtll Op. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 0 P. ,«.
1098 Valencia street; open" until 9 P. »•
North-west corner Twenty-second ana Jten-
tadejr streets: open until 9 p. m. •
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p._ni^__^_
MEETING XOTICBS.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A, M., . ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_J\^
DfO. January 21, at 7;30 o'clock. J^X
Stated meeting and M. , M. degree. # "V l
By order of the H. P.
: FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F^and •
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TUBS-
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'cloclt. /^^T
D. X. By order of W. M. /
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and AJ jb
M.— Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) ._«%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. J%J\
A. S. HTJTBBARD, Secretary. /
MASTER Marinere' Benevolent Asso- f---^^.^
elation— Special meeting 'w™ »>» itT,^
held in hall 320 Post Bt. TUES- ||»*»^
DAY, January 2L at 2 p. m. All -^
members are requested to be present for the
% order of the P^'flent^^
BURNS Anniversary, the social treai v C» a*,
of the season— Clan Frazer No. 78. », <*AW
Order o» Scottish Clan*, -will cele- Ti^3Jbr
brate the anniversary of ROBERT '
BURNS by a grand Scotch concert and
dance. Some of Burns' choicest poems will
be illustrated by several characteristic tab-
leaux. Oration. -"Robert Burns." by Rev.
"William Rader. The committee in charge
has ipared no expense in P rocuri ig T -^| T * > f^
vocal talent for the event THURSDAY
EVENING. January 23. 1902, 8 o'clock, Odd
Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market sts^ Ad-
miesion 25c J. W. KING. Chief.
-A. KING, Secretary.
THE Bt Andrew's Society will cele- S^^fc
brate the anniversary of the birth SW £ )Oj
of ROBERT BURNS with a con- l^jtSf
cert and social dance in Scottish j**^»
Hall. Ill Larkin et. on FRIDAY EVENING,
January President
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company 327 Market Bt. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the third day of
February 1902. at the ' hour of 11 o clock
a. m. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
yjm of fleers and members of Union lodge
1886 Knights of Honor, are hereby requested
to attend the funeral of our late vice dicta-
tor Brother D. M. SHORT. THIS DAY.
Tuesday, the 21st lest, at his late residence.
1625 Scott st (corner Post), .at 1 o'clock p.
m. Knights of sister lodges are fraternally
Invited. By order of the dictator.
GEORGE J. VINCENT. Reporter.
THB regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be "held at the office of the
company in the Union Trust Company's
building ' comer Post Montgomery and Mar-
ket sts.." San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY.
the 3d day of February. 1902. at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to 6erve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L "W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the- hydraulic
process trom J. C Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hvdranlic mine! at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon; from John Pascoe and W. H. Se-
combe in the Chill Ravine gravel mine, near
Placerrtlle. El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chili Ravine: froin 'Warren T.
Russell, in the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings in Happy Flat Creek, and from
Wentz Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mice, gives notice that a
meeting- -will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing San Francisco. CaL. on February 3,
19C2. at 1:30 p. m. ¦
ANNUAL MEETING — OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wPl be held at the office of the
company.. 327 Market street In the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
en TUESDAY, the 21st day of January, 1302,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the *t™"<tt year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the teeettne. Transfer books will close on
Friday, January 10, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas tnd Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st. San Francisco, ' Cal. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
-will be held at the office of the company, 41S
Poet Bt. in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, at 12 o'clock m. on TUKSDAY. Janu-
ary 21. 1902. The transfer books of the com-
pany will be closed from January 10, 1902, to
and including January 21, 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT. -
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 8, 1902.
Stockholders' meeting— The annual.
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market Et. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1902. at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as.
may come before the meeting. -
J. O*B. OUNN. Secretary.
- Office 222 Market st, San Francisco. Cal.
January 9. 1902. • . -
AGENTS WANTED.
ATTRACTIVB girls, good talkers: $5 a day
+nry ; call between 9 and 11. MYSELL &
ROLLDfS. 22 Clay Bt
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOTTES — Prospects predicted, difficulties
avoided advice in social and business af-
fairs; readings by mail. RAYMOND.. 227
Taylor 6t « . - ¦
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. aity. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation .free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a «peciaity;quick;qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment, -phone John3181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
¦jtBVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale; partner-
ships ; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless euc-
cessfal; open eve's. J.M.ThurBton.819 Market
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
' W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et. opp. Mason.
X.. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b!dg.. 927 Mar-
ket st: copgnltatlon free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN does the beet repair work in the State;
moderate prices. S01 Larkln Bt '
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
school; 18 up. 2127 Prince at
GOOD home for small child; object company.
Call or add. 831 Thirty-fourth Bt., Oakland.
GERMAN lady would like couple of children to
board: gunny yard. 439 Minna st
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy et. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
$900 — ART More; 3 living-rooms; all furnished ;
a fine business for man and wife or 2 ladles;
central. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st
$225— STATIONERY, notion and candy store;
fixtures showcases, stock invoice $600; 11 v-
I n g-roorr.s ; the place for man and wlf e.
ETKNBERG CO.. 759 Market at
BUSINESS men! — If you want quick sale list
your business for sale by McBRIDE- & CO..
765 Market et . ¦ ¦ .
$400 — A SACRIFICE: restaurant worth $1000-
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
$180— FAMILY restaurant; receipts $10 day;
living rooms; cheap rent; fine place for man
¦ and wife; sickness. ' BROWN. 1221 Market'
J.H.STANTON. real estate and business broker;
- removed from 34 Kearny to 777 H Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
A — THIRTY, cigar stands that net 52 50 to $i
daily. Ask C: L.; HEDGES. 4«2 Parrott bldg
SF von want to buy - a business or sell so - to
DECKER, 921. Market et . };
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap; good cor
¦ ner oa-FUlmors Bt WICHMAN. LUTGEN
& CO.. 318 CUlw, «*¦ / . j
- BPSnCESS CHAJf CES— Contlnqed. .
4. $600; CHOP and pyster house; close to four
theaters: a. business clearing: at least - $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Keamy.
\, $1000; CANDY store on Mission st.L rent
$18; place establ. years and doing a gooa pay-
ing business; value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKB. 26^4 Kearny st. .- ¦ ••¦¦¦¦
1 — $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland, Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and flrst-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner in office
of R. G. WILKB, 26H Kearny st
4. $1000; HAY grain wood and coal yard on
Mission Bt; rents $40; estab. 20 years ; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. "26% Kearny.
A. — $700: RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located in and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st ,
j5Q0 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent; location can't
be beat See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
K. — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
K— $600; COFEE saloon and restaurant: es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; • bargain;- call
coon. R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
K — $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth st; rent $20; living rooms; .fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et . .
K — $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon,
- with 16 furnished rooms: rent $45: 3 years'
lease; established years; located on Mont-
gomery st. : eood business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny gt. . , ;'
K — $350; CANDY stand on Sixth Bt. close to
Market; rent $50; good business; owner other-
wlse engaged. R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
PARTNER wanted; steady, reliable man, with
$400. as partner in first-class bakery, restau-
rant and lodging-house; baker preferred;
only bakery in town. Cream City Bakery.
Ferndale. Humboldt Co.. Cal.
?250 — PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
6teady man eatisfled with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required: trial given - before
buying. 25 Geary st. room 4.
5250 — MAN or lady partner to take' cash
and assist; -will clear over $50 month,
with board: no experience required.- Call
605 Clay st. 11 to 2.
TOR sale^ — A merchant tailor establishment;
good bushellng trade. Add, box 3526. Call.
*350— RESTAURANT for eale: good place for
man and wife. Box 3529, Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place man and ,wlf e or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2814, Call.
£200— SHOOTING gallery. Inquire 443 Dupont
street ' . . ,
FOR sale — Halrdresing and manicuring store;
good business location. 1317 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Old established candy store. Ad-
dress box 1066, Palo Alto, Cal.
DLD established grocery and bar: rent $20; a
bargain to-day. Box 3520, Call office. -
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale — Grocery and bar at
N.E. cor. Ellis and Taylor sts., .belonging to
the estate of Peter Miesner, deceased; bids
accompanied by 10 per cent deposit will be
received at office of P. Boland, administrator,
23S Montgomery st, until 5 p. m. Wednes-'
day, January 22, 1902. Store open from 0
. a. m. to 12 p. m. ' •
WANTED— Parties with from $250 to $1000 to
Invest in manufacturing- a staple article now
.on the. market; will - bear fullest investiga-
tion; money needed to increase business; best
of references. Address box 2S40, Call office.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per-
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 ' Stockton street
FOR sale — A small bazaar located on Market
Bt; a good business opportunity. Inquire at
916 Market st. room 73.
WANTED — A man to invest $200 or more in
a very profitable permanent business. Call
at 1504 Folsom st., between 10 and 4.
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; best
location. For particulars, P. O. box 151,
Oakland. 1 '
FOR sale^ — A first-class merchant tailoring es-
tablishment in country. Apply REISS BROS.
& CO., 24 Sutter st
FOR Sale — Tailoring business In the country;
living rooms, furniture, etc.; doing a good
business. Apply Call office.
CANDY store and factory, -with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission st.
$600— FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
leja, CaL ; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia «t " - '--'.-¦.•
LODGING-HOUSES " FOJl SALE. ¦
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market st. Tel. Davis 281.
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location.... $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 600
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms/central, good payer .1650
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2200
20 rooms, snap, see it 850
SS rooms, central, clears $200 3200
30 rooms, cheap rent, money, maker.... 1600
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
9 rooms, rent $32, good furniture. ..... 450
17 rooms, rent $60, good payer 900
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner. . . . ' 350
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market st
50 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call, and -
eee it DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50
Market st. . ,
A— " Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms, 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or "on real
. estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
-office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
116 r.; new building; clears $317 month.. $6000
34 r. ; part offices; fine carpets; . oak
furniture; 2 floors: clears $109 mo.. 2200
22 r. ; clears $102 per month above all
expenses; 6 blocks N. of Market;
elegant; first-class roomers;
12 r.; good furniture; rent $33; clears $40. 400
7 r.; rent $16; nice; easy installments. 300
WINSTON & WOLF.
Reliable .Brokers 1026 Market St
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
100 rooms; brand new and modern building.
62 rooms; rent $150; fine location $3500
53 rooms; workman's hotel; new and
' modern building; corner; rent $125;
price 1000
39 rooms; offices; cheap rent; part cash. 2000
23 rooms; rent $75; offices; see It 1400
26 rooms; rent $90; part cash. 2000
500 other houses. to select from.
Call, we have the bargains. ' - ,
WE have 75 lodging-houses for cale from $300
to $6000; some very- bargains; if you have
lodging-houses for sale list them with us: we
sell quick, and good prices. . McBRIDE &
CO.. 765 Market st . \.
BUYERS, If you want a . lodging-house that
I WILL PAY, or if ¦ you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on M. E.
¦ RIVES. 916 Market st. rm. C9; tel. Main 128.
TO buy, sell or exchange.
Call on RETSLOFF.
906 Market st Phone John 531.
BEFORE buying or selling your lodging-house
call on H. C. DECKER, the old reliable
agent at 1020 Market st/; phone Mint ,796. ..-
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our Met first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
ROOMING house for sale, $300; cause, death;
17 rms. full; steady roomers. 28% Clay st. ¦
NINE-ROOM lodging-house for sale cheap. Ap-
ply after 2 p. m., at 251% Stevenson st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPATJLDING'S Pioneer - Carpet-beat- '
\ ing Works. 353-357 Tehatna et.f tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning^
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st ;tel.Capp25*2.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 6t:
tel Main 394. GEO. "WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
JtUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior : Carpet-cleaning Works.
- 833 Golden* Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. •- ,
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
. vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
SPIHITUALISM. ;
MARVELOUS materializing test i ' seance to-
night, 25c; tests to all ;:. mediumlstlc persons
developed in 3 sittings; . state writing, sit-
tings, 50c; 41fe, $1; hours 12 to 5 and 7 to 8
¦ p. m. ¦ KISMET'S. 1239 Market sti '
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous 'materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to (ace; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 60c. : 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J.' WHITNEY, trance,' bus. 1 * medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant; Bluings; $1;'
letter, '$2. * 11G4 O'Farrell sf. Ellis car.- ., -
A — PROF.'. GEE, 108' Sixth' st; readings daily,.
60c- and : $1: circle every y night, * 10c. ~/;> - »-..'".
ETHEL CRINDLE, mat'lizlmj Wed." 8 p.m.; 50
; cts. 325 Ellis; Sat: evg.V 731 26th st. Oakland.
MRS.' HANDLEY,: trance and business medium;
-readings; circle to-night, 10c . 2703B Mission.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed ; let-
. ters ans.. 10c; dev. dr. .Wed.'.'s p.'in, 132 6th/
W, G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting, every
Sight ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.'
HELP " .WANTED— FEMALE-~Con.V_
AT C'-R.' HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant'l85
; . .-. . ... .'".-.: HOTEL" DEPARTMENT} .T..;....
' 2 ."" waitresses, south, fare paid: "•••;: -f 5«
V 2 waitresses, commercial hotel,' fare Pal«J-;25
¦H Head Waitresses, city '. .' . .'. . : • • •' •' • • • •>» 25 ,-; °5
; 4 more .waitresses,^ new, hotel. ' city. . •••••; 2»
' 20 waitresses, cityand country. . . . . . .$20-$25
I - Cook, 10 people, : city boarding-house 35
I '- Cook, i springs, see- party here. .'. '."..". .'. ." . . .$30
Chambermaids to wait, city and country. .: 20
.' Fancy ironer, south, half fare paid.'. i 30
I 2 more chambermaids, south;. % fare paid. i 20
j Laundress, I country hotel . '' ; '. .$25
v Waitress, : first-class place, „ 8 : people . to_ v
.V-waif on -f30
., Chambermaid -.->.'..... . ."V". . . .'. V. . .$20
..:..: . .FAMILY. DEPARTMENT ...... ..
¦ Second girls and care of -"Children; ' cooks,
"housegirls, second; girls, nurseglrls, = etc; call
and select a' place. 1 -¦'• j '-•'.' ¦
C." R.- HANSEN & CO.. .... ...-1M Geary st:
A COOK and second girl; same house.: $25. $20;
see party here. - C. R. HANSEN & CO, 104
-Geary »t.l' ; V '.'¦'¦¦. '",.-"->'- i "-T.'. : - "-VV '" ''¦:-¦" •- ¦
X— WANTED— Girls and women at 8. F» Hair-
. • dressing - College to learn • hairdressing trade
thoroughly.' in -2 weeks; "course $5, ¦ Including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment bleach-
¦" ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
-wig making; positions guaranteed each grad-
' uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
; ing advertisement filling positions In stores all
• ' over city; 5 positions in leading stores open to
' those entering. immediately;. girl not knowing
' trade In 2 weeks given moneyback; day .& eve.
1 classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
ATTRACTIVE girls, v good talkers. $5 a day
• easy; call' between 9 ,and . 11. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay at. , - " -¦'.-
FIRST-CLASS ladies', hairdressers, ventilators,
. ' an apprentice and experienced salesgirl. 40
, -Geary St.. W ' : : ¦'. . --.- - '•_ - > ;¦'¦ ¦*-•
YOUNG woman . for light housework, ' $15 • per
', I monthi Apply 186 Tremont . ave., south of
', Panhandle. ¦¦ ¦ . ' . '¦ ' 1
TOUNG girl.' assist with work, help take care
children; sleep; home; $15. 1410 Buchanan
-* ; sty" near O'Farrell. ' .'*..•.-'-' ' '
YOUNG woman to do general housework, ". of
German and Swedish parents: $20 a. month.
;.237 Minna st; New York House. - ..< -.
WANTED— First-class waist -trimmers; ! per-
manent, position. COX, 1514 Pine st.
APPRENTICES on coats wanted at 344 Te-
. haraa st ." • - *¦¦ "¦ .¦'.-'¦¦•
YOUNG girls wanted . Apply at ETTINGER'S,
723 Market ''s.t -¦;,-" ¦ .-. , "¦ '
FRENCH nurse for young baby. ¦> 1S23 Turk
•.-¦¦ street- ','.;/ ¦-'--¦ ,-;'¦' '.- .
OPERATORS on ' ladies' ¦ and children's wear
to work in factory.- 656 Mission, fourth floor.
GIRL wanted ¦ for light housework and plain
i cooking. 1732 Buchanan st. ' Vy .
GIRL composlto'r wanted. Apply WaepPub-
llshing Co., 506 Mission Bt.. ,'
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; 1 wages,
$15. 1232 Octavla st. '
WANTED — A r glrl for general housework; $12
month." 2808 Bt. . ":
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1531
Golden Gate ave. . - *
GIRL as waitress. . 524 Pacific st
WOMAN cook for chop house. ' 524 Pkclflc st
GIRL for light housework. "Apply 1134 Turk st
OPERATOR8 at Levi Strauss ft Co.'s Overall
- Factory, 32% Fremont < st ; no experience
- necessary; good pay. steady work. Apply to
MR." DAVIS. . '
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finisher;
, steady «vork; good wages; all on coats. ¦ 40
-Ellis . st. room 47. ; -/ " ', -•¦
WANTED— Nursegirl; sleep home. Apply 234
San Jose ave.. near Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED — Reliable girl to assist in general
./ housework. 418 Brannan st. bakery. •¦'..
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage su-
perior to/all 'others; ladles requested to visit
'the classes: all who enter this week get full
\ course for $4. 305 Larkln st;. Uke elevator;
: ladies'- -work done : free. ; ' -
WANTED— An experienced Protestant' woman
to do light upstairs work In small family;
-'"'must be good seamstress and able to do mani-
curing and hairdressing; location near San
- Rafael ; give references. ' Box 2894. Call.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. _ Ap-
, ply at HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a. m.
OPERATORS on "waiters' coats and aprons;
power; steady , work. ' 123 Pine st.
NEAT German or Swedish girl for ; second
• work.v Apply 1918 Jackson st: - , ¦
WOMAN capable of directing employes; travel :
Ing required. ' Box 5595, Call, office. '
GIRL to assist In general housework in" small
family: 484 , Frederick st. near Stanyan.
A GERMAN woman as governess ; state re-
llgloft ; salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions' has been established at .1006
' Valencia st - - ¦ .' ; .( .•¦¦'_ .
HELP IV ANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY.......". .Phone Main 6848
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
: • -634-636 Clay st .-
Office open 7 a. m. ¦¦ :
2 machinists, < city Job; .blacksmith, $2 to
. $2 50 day; 2 carpenters, country job, $75; 3
carpenters, $60 and fd. . " "
. Young man drive delivery wagon, city, $8
wk. ; milk wagon driver, small route, $25 and
f d. ; , gardener private . place, . $30 and . f d. : 8
farmers: 5 plow teamsters, $30; 6 men to
; work on fruit farm, - $20 and f d. ; choreman,
institution, $20 and fd.; 12 choremen and
boys; 3 milkers, fare 35c, $30 and fd.
Farmer and wife, fruit farm, easy job. $4C
'and f d. ; farmer and wife, . C. C. Co., $50
.'and fd.; farmer and wife to run ranch on
'.'. 25 tiemakers, good layout, 10c to 15c tie,
' level ground, chean fares.
• BIG MONEY TO BE MADE ON THIS JOB.
30 woodchoppers, new camp, virgin ' timber, ,
'•level ground, 75c, . $1.1 $1 25, $150 cord.
HOTEL. ETC.. DEPT.
j Baker, country- shop, $52 and. fd.; 3 cooks,
4 waiters,^ 15 kltdien. hands,' dishwashers,
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay jt
5 LABORERS , for country,' $2 day: miner, $2/
.-¦day and board; foreman for sash and door
factory; fancy kroner, - $1 50 day* piano
player; carriage' blacksmith, .$3 50;day; 2
' farmers and « wives, • $35, and $40; American
dairyman. $25 ;' woodchoppers, tiemakers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento ' st. "' ".-» . ,-', -.- - -'-¦' ' - - ¦-•" -
BUTLER with: city references, $40 and found;
restaurant cook. $14 week; restaurant por-
ter, $25; waiter and bedmaker, $2» and fd.,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. _ 62S
:. Sacramento st. *" . ';'¦¦• ...
ANDRE'S \ office, 316 Stockton > St.— Cook for
hotel (plain),. city, $50; cook for country ho-
tel, $50; waiter for Eureka, $30; waiter, coun-
try hotel,: $25; -waiter for French restaurant
. $35; assistant baker. $30; gardener for flower
¦, nursery. $25 to $30; kitchen . help, etc. •¦¦-.'¦
A— GARDENER and chores for springs, $25
' and found; gardener, private place, country.
$25; .ranch teamster, $25 to $30; redwood tie
makers, see boss In town. "W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st. . ; .. '-¦¦¦'•'.'--.
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
- to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
5 der a decision of the. U. S. Court of Claim*."
CHAS. and WM. ; B. KING, :
. ,- , 344 -Phelan building. ,
WANTED— A boy who lives with his . parents
to assist in of flee work - In wholesale house;
must be a - good, . quick penman and . correct
at figures; : state age and references when
; : making application. Box- 3509, Call office.
-YOUNG ¦ man' who understands use ¦ of ; paper-
.; cutting machlna and ' can do padding - . and
make himself generally useful ; salary to be-
; gin, : $20. Address^box 3515, -Call office. /.
-WANTED — Gentlemen of good appearance who
" .are good. talkers to represent our company in
Oakland, San Jose and San Francisco. ¦ 819
,. . Market st, : room 45, ' 9 a.- m. , to 12. '> ~,\ -
YOUNG man as assistant to bookkeeper: must
V know, something of • bookkeeping and • be a
V .good penman; salary to. begin, $25.-: Address
¦-..:; box 3514, Call office. .:\ ; -. ¦, '-. ;y. ., :
-WANTED^— Neatly | dressed / young , man about
.16 years *old; one residing with parents. VAp-
. . ply SIEVERS;& BOLAND,; 25 Post st.-! ¦ .
"WANTED — First-class jobber, one who under-
•- <¦ stands - - tinning , and >• plumbing. ' Cleveland
: Faucet Co.,-202 Ellis St., city. : - '
'A' YOUNG man, stenographer, call, at E.' B. &
O. S." Stone Co.",;900 Broadway, bet. -10 a. ,mv
,.'and 5 p. , m. ;. >--. ' . -:.-.;.- ¦ -' ... ;¦ . ;
A— STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
'v ? month, r /Apply ' 200 Kearny st; room . 1: ; .
BOYj for, office work; must know how, to writ
Won the; typewriter. 538 Market sf '- .
OFFICE boy wanted. - Call 9 a. nxT, room 469,*
- . Parrott building. % y ¦,..-.-. ... .- , : .-'-.¦.-•¦
.WANTED-T-Errand boys. V 117 ; Russ st..
FOR SALE— Two chair barber shop, $150; pays
¦¦-.. $30 week.1 394 Sixth st. : . ,.-!^ - . •- \ , -.-; -r"
'• BOY. wanted— H: : "A. ROSENBAUM, X- Union
Square Market -.^ ; , v '- v - ¦ ¦ ' "
.WANTED-'A lunch waiter :J and : lady . dish-
•> washer.';. 136 Second st.-;.J . .•<"; :---.. ... %< ¦¦-¦ .
WAITER ¦; wanted ; - must i do . all - round ; work.
37, Eddy :st "':':: .';-.. ¦;. f. .'...:., y -, -v.V', ; "- ,-i
BIG snap-^-Fine opening for man and wife with
.,- $190; t restaurant; receipts. $10 day; 1 living
. " rooms. BROWN, 1221 Market s t '
; HELP WASTED— MALE—Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN.& CO.'S.... ..104," Geary st
Wanted— 500 men for : new railroad work in
/ Nevada -.<2 a day
Free fare... "r.... Ship daily. ...... '.Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 10* Geary st
A . BOY about 15 years - old for atore work;
good opening for bright boy: : $5 week and
. increase.. -' ' ' -„ * _ ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO......... -335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, nn'12.
Young man, butler. In family. $30.
WANTED — Bright boy about 15 years to work
in store. 1801 Halght st.
VEGETABLE man wanted. , Park Hotel, 20
Turk-st '¦'.-' ¦¦-:'-'¦ ¦ * ¦ -
BOY for restaurant work. 824 Pacific at.
DISHWASHER wanted.^ - 108 Hayes »t. -
WANTEI> Good barber afternoons, Saturday
and Sunday. .1938 Mission st ' . _
BARBER shop, i running 2 chairs: "transient;
splendid chance for good hustlers. STOLTZ,
723. Market it- ' .. ' :/ ' ¦--'¦ ¦'? - " • ' •
BARBER shop, well fitted; "only one in the
town; old age cause of selling; bargain. E.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st
WANTED— Reliable young man with $1OO to
$175 cash; $15. week; steady place; no ex-
- perience. ir you have - the cash, apply
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st
LIFE chance for a sober, steady, trustworthy
young man as partner in groceries, fruit yeg-
etables, candles, nuts, cigars and tobacco
- store; best location in Oakland; $3*5 re-
quired: -positively a bargain. to suitable par-
_ ty. r 775 Washington St.. cor. Cth, Oakland.
BARBER — Young man some experience to
finish trade. Elite barber shop. 761 Howard.
ENERGETIC man wanted to handle a line of
medium' and fine pocket books and fancy
.leather goods ; on. commission in connection
with similar lines; they are especially suited
. for fine retailers, as they range ; in price
from $9 per dozen up. Should have some
knowledge of the goods to handle them suc-
cessfully. In replying give age. experience,
reference and territory proposed ¦ covering.
Pocket Books, box" 537. Philadelphia.
CITY and country ' drummer -. for established
printing house and bindery; steady employ-
. ment;: salary and commission to • experienced
-,> man controlling trade. Address, with -refer-
ence, box 3518. Call. ' .
WANTED — Men and women , everywhere to
make big money on a new proposition. - 610
Montgomery st., • rqom 7. ,:.
"WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. XJ.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
' inch ; able to. speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing . to marry wealthy
ladles send lOo for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 mils.
MATTJRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilised, uphol-
stery Al carpet cleaning; 'honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
BUNE3 AND MIXING. , ~
A COMPANY, duly Incorporated and owning a
gravel proposition , of exceptional merit, will
dispose of a portion of its treasury stock at
50c per share In, blocks of 500 shares or mul-
ftlplea thereof. . -
- The company owns and controls many miles
of ancient river channels and gravel claims
carrying gold of high assays, both in quanti-
ty and fineness. Address for Interview,
"Miner." > care Palace Hotel. ¦
GEO. T>. CAMPBEIJ* lawyer. Examiner bis-. 9.
F. ; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
: MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOIJMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
TEN gas engines, 2 to 30 H. P.; fine condition;
woodworking machinery, electric motors,
some shopworn lathes, steam and power
pumps. BURTON. 44-46 Main st. S. F.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting;, pulley*.
ets.- WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
WALLPAPER 8c, worth 10c; paperhanglng,
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster at: tel.
Jackson 1321. . ,
BAR. fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tbo
Brunswick -Balke-Collender Co.. 652. Mission.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. It
8. WHITE. 516-B20 Mission st
GENT" S . blade aults for mourners rented for
$2 60. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st. upstairs.
A — $3 60- DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery >t.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures.' Lr & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montry.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried In. stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR sale — New full dress suit; 38 breast. 24ft
Sutter st. room 17.
LARGE, modem fire proof safe cheap at 47
Clay st ¦ '
WANTED — Five square pianos. ! good for
schools. BYRON MAPZT, 308 Post at
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
llaed safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1S15. wortU $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
WANTED — Bright young man - from 17 to 20
years of age; must be good at figures; state
agt> and salary expected. Box 2S64, Call.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTKD — A . competent. . qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon: must be familiar with the above ter-
¦ rltory: state salary and where employed. Box
. 2279. Call office. ¦¦-'..'
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
| weeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed.Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. :~150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per -week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
. mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. " .
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
• mailed. S. F. Barben. College. .741A Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sals : 50c up. 241 Third st
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
' 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr.5th.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3; 40. Phelan
i big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post'G.A.R.
•SAILORS, ordinary. ' for- ships for ail parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 2<J Steuartit
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
. ket — 200 x°oms. . 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
" HORSES \ AND "WAGONS. ~ y -
AUCTION sale, Monday/ Jan. ¦ 20; 40 head
heavy .-wagon and:livery horses at ¦ 11:30
a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 and -723
Howard st .¦- . .
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
iiarness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
. • at 11 a. m. JOHN J. 'DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale — At -Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st. 6
cheap work horses, 4 ' sound horses, weight
12'00; fine surrey horses..
FOR sale— »First -class horse and buggy; horse
good roadster: can be trusted for ladles' use.
Inquire 2303 Geary . st, near Broderlck. ¦
WELL-BRED buggy or saddle horse for sale
cheap on account death. Apply 5% Grand
st. bet. Ninth and Tenth. .-.
FOR sale — Horse, top ~ buggy, harness. ! good
¦ condition; also good bicycle. ¦ 442 Pacific st
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome st. . T' •'¦¦>.'
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. l x express wagon, single: also light
camping/Wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
- • ' HOTJSES^ -TO LET. V _
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
• cula'r. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1930, near Laguna — Eight rooms,
. bath: fine marine view: rent $42 50.
. HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW . modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement yard. Portola, off Waller,
1 bet. Pierce and.Steiner. Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR -TREATMENT.
LADIES and ' gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 30. 139 Post gt. ..--¦¦.
~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society ¦ of San Francisco, "- In the
name of ANDREW SEPP. No. 191-1034. The
- finder .will please return, to bank.- r
LOST — Solitaire diamond ring and correspond-
ence In a Wells, Fargo & Co.'s commission
envelope; return same to room 11, Wells-
- Fargo building; liberal : reward. ¦
LOST— Lady's gold watSn, in the Mission. Re-
-turn to 304%. Guerrero st: reward. -
LOST — Sunday ' evening, Skye :, terrier; name
.."Leo." Reward at 29 Hill St., near Valencia.
LOST — Jan. 17. brown Great Dane; reward.
_Return 801 Hayes st .
LOST— Little gray Scotch terrier slut; children
' are crying for her at 112 Eddy st; store.-
LOST — Scotch ¦•; collie: white collar halfway
around neck: answers to name of Manly; $3
reward. ,2319 Scott st ¦ , -
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 «X Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st _
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E: DOAK. 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ____
SAFES — NeW and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 8 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
- tures. BULLARD Jfc BRECK. 131 Powt at.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205. Call office.
SECOND-HANDED pool table wanted It
cheap. Box 3521. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
HER^A^TlaURPHiC^6Oi^Examiner buildinr" *
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
...... on first and second, mortgages ......
......... Life interests in estates .........
Property being held in trust .......
.....Undivided Interests in real estate .....
i ..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sixes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Vj & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurar?e and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
MATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages..... ......
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R McCOLGAN
..24 Montgomery st, room 3.........
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSKX.
ANY amount lowest rate on furniture, piano
or ¦ household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st; op-
posite Lick 'House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., sear
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. - jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin - Jewelry Store. 84tl
Market st; tel. Main 16-14. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt: tel. Black 5-171.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission;- confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, A on fur-
. nlture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Market room "CIS.
ON furniture, pianos^ no removal: money
I quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security.' 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on ncte wlth-
out indorser. MORRELL, 600 Examiner bldg.
S% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10. ud on furniture, rianos; no com.: private
' party. St. Ann's bid?., 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis.: confidential. "Whltehead. 1710 Mlrt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan ; indorsed paper dls-
connted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister »t.
IF you want a home I will loan yon money to
buy it , A. E. RUDELLf 222 Sansome st
ON salaries without Indorser; other propost-
tlono. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan .Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WATTED.
$12,000 WANTED at 6 per cent par year on
good city property; private parties. Box
3571. Call office.
IT will- pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.; ] 220 Sutter st. needs old
1 • gold and sliver to make new -watch cases.
1UCH1SE WORKS. .
ENSIGN Machine Works; 415% Sacramento st,
, - builds models and experimental machinery:
mine hoists 4. 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
:-;', MEDICAL."
: DR. -O'DONNELL— All who are: sick and in
• - trouble call and consult the specialist. My
i medicines have been used for many years by
¦ thousands; the Unfortunate helped ; relief in all '
; ' cases .taken; the most' obstinate cases havo
been relieved by my medical treatment:, free
' . confidential: advice on all subjects of a dell-
. cate nature; air classes of. female complaints
"treated; relief to; the longest cases. DR G
[ : W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. ' WYETH-^Rellable ladles' specialist;
" 30 years' experience: instant | relief guaran-
teed ; home before ¦ and during confinement;
\ .infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell.. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, - specialist 410 CFarrell et. ¦
J MRS. M.~-WEGENER. : ladies' physician.* has
.' "returned from the East and resumed business;
> . v home In confinement' 112 Mason st. formerlv
of 1312 Golden Gate ave. ,- - : *^-° -
,' MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician- -25
years' , successful experience - in ST. - Mac
• v ternlty Home. » 906 ¦ Market st . - opp.- Fourth.
HINDOOHERB ¦ and ¦ MRS.\ DAVIES* original
- /method of treatment; maternity home;, home
• A ' In confinement. 1126 Market st . 3. F. v.
- MRS- D ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
l specialist; a private home: before and during
I :: confinement; best medical care;, low fees.
- LADIES. ; consult , the oricinal '. MRS. DAVIES
.- at the old office," 1228 , Market st : 30 years'
¦ experience in obstetric and other cases.
i Dr.'Rosen, res. .1349 Alabama 'at," nr 26th*
J . treatment $5 to $10;avoid delay ;none ; deceived.'
S DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
\j nion square ; all diseases .; cured by herbs.
MTJSICAJi LXSTRUaiEyTS.
AGAIN we remind yon that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
. of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of; $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. . San Francisco; cor-
ner. Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. : ~~~~
BYRON MAUZY Planoa,
LESTER Pianos.' 7 3 • '
HAMILTON Pianos. j M 3 * 3 • " j
BPEILMANN Pianos.
CECIUAN PIANO PLAYER. -" '. " ¦
PIPE ORGANS.
- BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Port it.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HTJNTERS— ~*
• Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. '
Second-hand organs from $25. up; new upright
planes from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON.. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose; , Sterling pianos. • ¦
ALL makes, rent $2 up, ' credited if purchased:
Installments $3 up; big allowance for old
Pianos; bargains $25 up in Stein ways. Heine.
Chlckering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
' 217 Geary st. . . -
A KTJLL-SIZED upright piano, $35; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
•square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright used only few months, $275: Bech-
•teln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
BON. 23, Fifth st: IVERS & PONP, Aitenta.
ANY piano sold by -us taken back any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase price al«
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regula*
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'FarrelJ
at; established 1850. . . '
OUR pianos. th« leading makers; price *1°°°K
ward : ; values best in the city. PIERCE 9
PIANO FACTORY. Market 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos: dirt
cheap. "WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Mark«t at.
':'. ¦-.-/. --i BMPL6"YMENT,jbFPICES.^i' ,>'. ; r •;
A-^-JAPANESE i reliable house-cleaning, " cooks
r >SJ52^ tera furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
;j?NOSHITA.'1233 Page. cor.Lyon;teLFeU 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help;. estab. -20 years.
.; ¦; Tel. Main 1997. .BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.'
JAPANESE I and - Chines* i best help : ! cook j and
a waiter. .421 Post, GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 133.".
CHINESE and Japanese Employment^Of flee—
¦ Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. .East 421
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese ' Employment Of-
' flee; all kinds, help. 316 Stockton : j Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce^-Fumlsh most
. reliable help.- .. B24 Bush st :; tel. Bush Bie. • s
ORPHRUM Employment Offlce-rJapanese, Chi-
nese help.'426 Powell.nr.Sutter:tel.Black- 5072.
EMPLOYMENT ;t WANTED — .FEMA1B.
FIRST-CLASS North '" German . lady's : maid;
I competent seamstress: "best references. Box
, "3522, Call office. •¦¦/•-¦;;: / '¦.'. ; . '"'¦ '.>
WANTED— A ¦ resnectable, -elderly .woman
.would like one or two offices : to clean. . Ad-
dress ; MRS. . SANBTJRN. 1332 Folsom Bt
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fltter and
i skirt ' maker; ' sews 1 60c a day or $3 a week.
- E. E. COX,,box 3530. Call office.^ ¦-'.-:..
COMPETENTJ dressmaker; good cutter; fitter:
-suits made over;ouick -worker. Box F, 1941
Mission at., •-._• -. - . '- ¦¦•;; "¦•."). r Tv ¦¦¦
A WOMAN with 1 best of references desires to
be employed half day, at washing or house-
work; terms 60c. Address box B, Call Branch,
300 Hayea aty-:: -¦•-¦•¦'•.-. -.-¦.-'• ¦ '¦¦ . ¦'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ • -
W^ASHING and-housecleanlngby the day by
.experienced, reliable woman. Address Laiy-
v dress,. 1747, Mission at. ;\ ,. / o ¦
A NEAT : young girl • would like to assist In
light -housework and mind baby; small fam-
> lly. Address . 940 Railroad ave^ south.
POSITION wanted by young- lady as- lady's
' maid; goody plain sewer. * Add, box 3524, Call.
HOUSEWORK in small family by, first-class
woman. ' 445 . Fourth st. '¦>.¦¦. '
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; wash-
¦ Ing or cleaning. Call 137 Third st ? y
WOMAN wants work by the day, 85 cents.
Box 3531,- Callofflce. : ; : • '
GIRL wants place to do general housework In
small .private family. Please call 2222 Post
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes po-
;sition to do housework for a widower's fam-
. . lly.,. 118 Sixth; at. room 53. - .:,
WANTED— A situation, by an elderly woman
r;to do ereneral housework in a~ small " Amerl-
.' : can family. Seattle House, 106^6 >Third st.
WANTED^Sltuatlon of." any kind where two
or three evenings weekly can be off duty.
Box 3525. Call. > . . V
A • GERMAN woman wants a situation to do
. . general housework' or ' housekeenlng; good,
•' plain cook; by week or month; city or coun-
5 try; $15 per month. Box 3567. Call office.
WANTED— By experienced Swedish girl, sec^
-.ond'' work in a private family. 1714 Oc-
. tavia st. ' ' . . -
POSITION- as working housekeeper: best of
references .given. - Address box 3574, Call.
STENOGRAPHER desires situation: salary
moderate. Box 35S9, Call.. ' - '; ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third sf. near Mar-
Hot— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
I to $C week; convenient and respectable; free
'. .' bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received- at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH, of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ¦- has been established at 1088
• Valencia- st. .' ' . . - - . -.:'¦'' ¦'"
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. •"
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in the
country. , Box 3513, Call office.-, : ; : . .,.• - .
MIDDLE-AGED single man, about private
. place; can milk j cow; I good gardener; clean
windows: low. wages; best references. Box
. 3512. Call office. -¦ '¦:¦;•- '.¦-*¦¦.'
YOUNG- man wishes position as porter in hotel
or any similar: work; references. Box 3510,
.Call offl^. ; . v
EXPERIENCED cigar clerk who can command
• a large trade wishes a position with reliable
' stand. ' Box 3511, Call or^ce, • ¦ .- , ¦•
YOUNG j hotel man wishes position ' as clerk,
watchman,- bus driver,' etc.; steady position
more than -large wages; country preferred.
. Box 231)2, Call office. Oakland.
HAVING held position as nurse in same hospi-
tal 4% years, would like similar, or with in-
valid gentleman; reference. Address Nurse,
300 Hayes st,-. . . V
WANTED— To learn to be a waiter. L. BUCK-
' .ISGHAM,' 533 Commercial st. -~i
EXPERIENCED man wants | position as fore-
¦ man on stock range or farm; city referneces.
Address box 3527,. Call office. - :
BUSINESS man, stranger in city, will take any
¦ ¦ position at any salary and, work up; will give
. bonds or cash security. < Box 2270,. Call. •:.
.MAN familiar with- the city: will drive and
care for one or two /horses.- Box 2292, Call.
BAKER, .good 'second hand, wants position In
.country. Baker, 246 Third st. .-- ,•
MIDDLE-AGED man. wants position as watch-
,'man In store ¦ or: factory , or any other light
work; small wages; ¦ can give references.
Address . box . 3575. Call office. -,' : . v • ' .
YOUNG man f wishes position as ¦ coachman or
| man about place In. private family ;~has good
references.'. Box 3570. Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
age as bookkeeper or clerk in a wholesale or
retail house. ' either -city or .'country. Box
2S35, Call office. "¦' "-. .; • • •
FIRST-CLASS.baker, foreman, milk or home-
I made bread, j wants ¦ work. ' Address Baker,
v 225 Third st, Oakland. ¦ ...
YOUNG man, ' Japanese,' ' trustworthy, most
economical, good cook, - or first-class waiter,
wishes position;' speaks \good English. W.
O. K., .403 X)upont st:
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an 3
.'_. .subscriptions ' has been established at 1000
Valencia st ¦ .-..':'_¦¦ ~; ' ' .
- />j> _ r^^-^^^ ¦ > .
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
> teed and. financed; stock' taken in --.payment
for. services; good "propositions wanted; gold
. bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers, . 326 Post st ' --¦.'.-"¦¦¦- ; :
PACIFIC Cdast Underwriting. Co.;(Inc.)— We
have '42 offices in 'operation; new method of
• placing stocks and .bonds; 'companies , incor-
• ' porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. '507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
__•:".' ;_ £}i£7l% ?° o^S^uLo^^w
A — SIXTH i ave. and 'Fulton, st, facing Golden
¦Gate Park; brand new; modern; 6 rms.. .bath.
GEARY. 1131, bet. -Van Ness and Franklin—
• Modern lower flat 7 rms. & bath; rent $32 50.
NEW upper . sunny modern ' flat,"' : 5 rooms and
bath.. 969 Golden Gate ave. ; no ' children.*
/.FURNISHED 'FLAT WANTED. ; '
FURNISHED , flat . wanted by young • married
• couple; .no children; a neatly furnished flat
of 6 or 6 rooms: location north of O'Farrell
- and east of Devlsadero; must be scrupulously
". ' clean and contain ! modern i Improvements;
state rent. Address box 2884,. Call office.
)S .'/^FURNITURE. 'FOR SALE. V^^
4 ROOMS furnished'in oak.1 $48 50,' with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
$150 BUYS 'carpets, curtains and- stove of * 4-
room flat, for rent^to buyer. "^776 Geary sf.
< FURNITURE vWASTBD/ ,;
A. : WOLLPERT. 773 Mission i St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture ; tel. Red 1331.
¦ ' ¦¦¦" :,¦.'•,¦:¦ GLOVES.' -;:• V- ' '¦
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the wond;
'-' warranted; kept in repair. : 121 Grant ave.
''iV ?¦¦ HELP ' WANTED-rFBMALE. ; f^S
A— MRS. M. E.DAY& CO .%Pnone Maln"l575
. . r. . .... r HOTEL DEPARTMENT , . . . . ; .'. .'.
' ' 8 first-class waitresses for first-class country,
. hotel, $25; waitress, $22 60,"; country, far*
- ; paid; 8 waitresses; city and country, $20 and
>"$25. .,.'•¦ ...:.':¦--;-• ¦.:¦/¦-. Hi-:, ".' : ¦:-'¦'>-'. ' '¦¦:,:¦
• ¦: ..;.':...¦ FAMILY.'- DEPARTMENT ... ;. ...
- ; Cook, $25; houBegirl; $25; 3 lnfamily; cooks ,
' housegirls,- many other.i choice ¦ places, .:: bes
wages; experienced infants' nurse; must have
:,.•' city references. , MRS. ; M. - E. DAY & CO.,
;¦¦ 335 'Geary. St.- - *. - ; r '¦ '-''.¦- ". ,1 '.]'¦¦'':¦¦¦¦¦¦':¦?
A— NEAT ] young saleslady for ' extra, work I in
'if retail ; store,"$5 > week - and • increase. • MRS. ¦
>: M. ; E. ' i DAYj & : CO.; < 335 , Geary ¦ st. . - K ; ... tl-;,: '"¦:-.'
WANTED— 2 cooks, little wash." $30; 6 second
*.' girls, ; $20, , $25; • 7; chambermaids,' wait s one
: meal, i $20, $25; 'infants' nurse,'' $20; parlor,
»j maid and waitress, $25; housework, 2 family, 1 '
: j San;- Rafael," $30; -restaurant, waitresses/- $7,;
c-$8; a large number of girls for general house-
-;work, city -and "country. - Apply." tor; J. '; P."'
N.CROSETT..& CO.,'. 334 Butter, st,: ..
WANTED— A- young German' or Swiss girl 'that
-;¦- can cook well and do some of the downstairs
-" work In family of 3 adults; wages $25. , Call
a - at 1823 Jackson st, between ' 9 and 11 'a.', m.
= EXPERIENCED operators 'on ladles' cotton
-¦ waists; good pay. • BAUER BROS & CO., 21 ;
. vi Banaome r Bf • -¦..•¦ : ' '.¦¦'¦' - — ."-.. '¦:¦ '' • = '¦, < «: '
¦EXPERIENCED tuckers • can : make big wages
% at! BAUER BROS.f & CO.'S, j,21i Sansome st ¦;STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. „.—
Professor . J. - S. McLean, lately - head of
the department of economics and soci
ology in the University of Arkansas, has
been appointed an associate professor
of economics at Stanford.
Enters Stanford's Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 20.—
Workmen are now engaged in the task of
placing. in position the large clock which
is to occupy the lower part of the memo
rial church steeple, and which -will be
ready for operation in a few weeks. The
clock has four faces, each five feet in di
ameter. • ,:""¦"¦ •< "' ¦-' •- V- '
Stanford's Hew Horologe.
STOCKTON, Jan. 20.— During a fit of
despondency caused by long illness
Mrs. C. U. Sanderson, wife of the fore
man of the machine shops of the Holt
Manufacturing Company of this city, cut
her throat from ear to ear to-day and
also gashed her left wrist with a razor.
She missed the large arteries, but lost so
much blood that her death is likely to
occur at any hour.
Slashes Herself With Razor.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 20.—
Professor George . E.' Howard, formerly
head of the Stanford history department,
has gone to the University of Wisconsin
to give a series of lectures on the French
Revolution and its causes. Dr. Howard
resigned his position here during the
Ross affair last year, and since then has
been in San Francisco and Cambridge,
Mass., preparing a work in history.
Professor Howard's "New Post.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— David Jacks, the
Monterey capitalist who recently contract
ed for the purchase of the Union* Savings
Bank building In this city, to-day paid
over to Paul P. Austin, the bank receiver,
the full purchase price of $75,000. The di
rectors will hold a meeting this week and
declare a dividend of 15 per cent to de
positors. - •
Dividend for Depositors.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 20.-John Mano and
Miss Ambrosine Ponsano were married
this morning In the Catholic church. The
bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Edith Fonsano, and the grroom by Charles
Demichelli of San Jose. Father McNamee
officiated. After the church ceremony a
wedding breakfast was served In the
Garibaldi Villa Hotel. The couple will
spend their honeymoon in San Francisco.
Wedding at Santa Cruz.
LONDON,- 'Jan.-ZO.— Official- announce
ment was made to-day of the amalgama
tion of the firm of Vickers* Sons & Max
im, the gun manufacturers, with "William
Beardmore & Co., manufacturers of ar
mor pjfite and shipbuilding materials, of
Glasgow. The Joint capital is $6,300,000.
The Beardmore Company owns a big ship
yard.and recently acquired ground for an
other, on which the amalgamated com
pany intends to Install the finest plant In
the world. ¦
Armor Plate Manufacturers Combine.
A- landslide of gigantic proportions is
expected, but as the mountain is in the
outskirts of the camp, ho great dam
age ' will result.
j The men in the quicksilver mines ac
count for the phenomenon by the fact
that the mountain rests . on an Immense
bed of clay. The heavy rains seep
through to this stratum, making the clay
smooth and slippery. The /pressure of
the great weight of the mountain causes
it to move toward the point of least re
sistance.
Months ago miners in the "Washington
shaft became aware of the mountain slid
ing, and it finally became necessary to
abandon, all' work in that part of the
mine. The walls of the shaft are being
forced together. On the summit of the
hill there are great fissures twenty feet
wide, and these are constantly widening.
This moving mountain Is just back of
Spanish Camp and near the old Wash
ington shaft, about 1700 feet above sea
level. It is gradually creeping into the
canyon. \ Although the speed is less than
that of a glacier, It is feared the heavy
rains will accelerate Its motion and cause
a landslide that will change the topog
raphy of the vicinity.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— Almaden has a
sliding mountain. For a number of years
It has been creeping down into a canyon
hundreds of feet below," and now it Is
feared.it is ready to plunge forward at
any time. The quicksilver miners in that
vicinity have been obliged to quit work.
ing Its Position.
Great Mass of Earth Gradually Shift-
AliMADEN'S SLIDING MOTTNTAIN
The point at which the slide occurred Is
known as the "Shady Bend." . The flume
of the Last Chance Gold Mining Company
Is demolished for a distance of several
hundred feet. Gold Creek, the stream
Into which the slide plunged, is a raging
torrent because of the recent heavy rains.
When the Seattle left Juneau an expedi
tion was being got ready to go Into the
basin to make an examination of the
damage done. :
"I .was outside at the time," said an
observer,, "and was startled .by the loud
noise. Looking in the direction from
which It proceeded, I saw huge trees turn-
Ing topsy-turvy Into the basin and a great
avalanche of earth rushing toward the
valley. The noise could be compared to
nothing but the deep rolling of thunder,
magnified hundreds of times. About half
an hour later another immense body of
the mountain broke loose and crashed
into. the river below."
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 20.— News of
one of the most extensive landslides ttiat
has occurred in the northern country waj
brought to the city this evening by the
City of Seattle, which arrived from Skag
way. The slide took place In the basin
above Juneau on the morning of the 13th
inst., and was more than 1700 feet In
width. Residents of Juneau were startled
by the thundering noise of falling earth,
and those who were In the streets at the
time beheld a sight that Is witnessed once
In a lifetime. The entire side of the
mountain seemed to be tumbling, and
giant trees which grew far up the slope
came rolling down pellmell and crashed
with thousands of tons of earth and rock
Into the bed of the river. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Immense Wall of Earth _De
. Bcen'ds With Crashing
NoiEe.
Great Avalanche Occurs
on Mountain Above
Juneau.
FOREST SLIDES
INTO A RIVER
¦ » ' — ¦:
LATE SHIP PINO INTELLIGENCE.
. • . -ARRIVED." • . .'•
"-'•'' :' . ; Monday, . January 20. .
Tj:s "transport Grant, -Croskey, 28 days from
Manila, * via - Nacasakl 20 days. .
• - V- DOMESTIC-PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Coqullle
River, "tor ¦ San = Pedro. jdSSS»«P***«<Si«««fe*»* m ¥
. GRATS '• HARBOR — Arrived "Jan 20 — Blctn
Gardiner City/ from San Francisio. - .- - --.
Sailed Jan 20— Schni Queen and Reporter, for
San Francisco. ', Jan 19— Stmr Melville Dollar,'
for San Francisco.- \. .-.-•.'¦ ..-¦;-.
' SEATTLE — Sailed '. , Jan . 10— Stmr City of
Puebla; r for _ San- Francisco. .....
v j Arrived Jan 19 — Stmr Queen, from San Fran
e_co: i Ger Btror NIcaria, -i from , Tacoma. -,:¦ -
THE ;SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; : ;TJJ,ESP AY; 1 21, 1902.
11
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 2V, 1JK)1.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL_t
. . AND SAN RAFAEL. -**•«
WEEK DATS— «:B5. 8:30. »»:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1-.45. S:15.-4:15. 6:15.- "6:15. 6:45 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— •8:00. '10:00. # ll:30 a. _., •l-ll
3:15. »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m. : •*?
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *3:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35 10-13
a. m.. »12:25. 2:15. 'S-.ai. 4:40. 5:30 p. __
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 8:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. *8:00. •10:00. »11:45 a. m.
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p.m. . '
Trains marked <•) start from San Queitln
FROM MIL— VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a m.. 12:25. 2:43. 8:60. 6:10 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS " on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05. 10:05 a. m..* 12:05. 2:15.
S:30. 6:00. 6:45 p. ' m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. -'.' l .
¦' 1 :45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
ttatlons TMEMF<'P» M Bttg*SBB!MWQ_s*3JB»iimajia
8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. .'^MlMI*g«j<lft'jB,iM«gWMI«MtaMMgfe»W.
« Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
WE have rianos to show you durlns the spe-
cial sale of this month that will cost you
very little in comparison with tn«r real
value; it Is money In your PocKft _to .take ad-
vantage of this offer. THE /ENO MAL-
VA1S MUSIC CO.. 7<M M_j_L—
?lT7 WILL buy a pood new piano f^rins our
clearance at US Market Ft : second-hand
pianos, $35 up. THE W ILEV B. ALLEN
COMPANY.
A— PIANO left on sale for lack of space, will
rent kor* or sell; no reasonable cash offer
refused. 217 Geary st.. room 38. .
pjivnc nil mpkes. new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
e_\- pk ?^nts Fay's Piano House. 1729 Missn.
NEW piano sold at sacrifice; taken for debt.
Apply IPS Oak_Et.
inn vfW Dianos tS a month; money allowed on
Wrtiase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
1-1AVO pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 217 Geary st.
PRIVATE party will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 695 Ellis.
E^ILL. renting new pianos, $3 per month.
6COTT-CTJRTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
cj75 — a RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister et.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 I^atham place.
AT KEEFFE'B. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlncer. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
SEW HYGIEMC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.: hours 10 to 12, 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OIL.
OIL. tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap- H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission Bt.
OIL LAXDS.
EAN Benito. San Luia Obispo and Monterey
County oil lands for Bale cheap: developed
oil near; «$ miles of McKittrick. For particu-
laxs address box 3523. Call office.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOURTH. 303Vi — Store and basement to let;
suitable for hardware store. Apply J. DE -
MARTINL 317 Washington st.
EMMA Sprecke'.s buildlns. 827 Market St.— Of-
fices with, modern conveniences, $15 to $23.
ASHTON — GARDINER.
HANDSOME! large store; very reasonable. 32S
Pacific St.. near Sansome.
S^i^llSJSX:: ~
G. 1*. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. M3
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSOXAXS.
ARRIVED — Ladles, don't look old; Dr. N. De
SA.VOYSKY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verite
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of study is able to give electrical treat-
ment for deep wrinkles that excels anything
ever given ia this country; electrolysis with
modern European method clears the face of
all blemishes without pain or scar; flesh re-
duoed; no dieting; no exercise; phone How-
ard 1S61. 1140 Market St.. opposite Hale's.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
(15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suite on install-
ments. $1 weekly. _ LEMOS, 1117 Market
6t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
TO Whom It May Concern — After this date I
will not b« responsible for any debts con-
tracted by zny wife, LIZZIE LEAN. AL
LEAN.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et., near Market; 700 rooms;
_>c to ?1 50 per night; $1 60 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
f.t by using Standard Patterns: Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS, j
Domestic office, 1021 Market et., near Sixth. '¦
A— WHAT do you think* O. BERMAX, 48
Ellis, makes colored ehirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts ; selection 300 patterns.
A— MAY McMILLIN has charge of hairdress-
ir.g department at La Verite Parlors, 1140
Market, cpp. Hale's; tel. Folsom 446. v ,:. j
GENTLEMAN. Etraneer, wishes to make the
acquaintance of lady between 30 and 40; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 3S6S, Call office.
ADOPTION" — Fine, healthy baby; married
couple without children preferred; $500 cash
with baby. Box 2S19. Call.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth St.. room
11; call after 7 p. m.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
Fior.es. antiques and curios bought. - The Old
Curiosity Store, 116 Geary et. Nat Raphael,
WHITE enamel iron beds, 6ingle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton 6t.. near Broadway.
I ONLY carry the best switches, free from
dyed hair. ?1, $1 50; hair dressing, 25c G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton Et.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladies free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
THE A'VIDA COMPANY permanently - cures
Etomach trouble. 7C3 Valencia St., cor. 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna Et.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c All druggists. • -¦¦-
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9C8 Sutter;tel.Larkin 317L
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. M— _, BOLING. 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS ha'.r removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M. KCXN. 1002*6 Dolores st.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fersbtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm.29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal coBtumer. 26 O*F*a.rrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothlnr Parlor, cor. Buf h and Dupcnt
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to It? natural color: SI: sit all druegrirts.
PHYSICI— \S AND SURGEONS.
A — DR. OLIVE GRTTVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market Et. ; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DOXXELL—Offlce and residence.
1Q_H Market Et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of tbe human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason.nr.EUla.
PLAAIAG JLVD TCIIXI5G MILLS, i
WOOD and Ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawtosr. CARL F. HAAS, fao Fremont.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOB SALE.
$1250— MISSION cottage and lot. THE Mc-
CAETHT CO.. 646 Market St.
$5600— Sacrifice; nice flats; Liberty et.: choice
location; well rested. Owner, box 3590. Cali.
WAXTED — Cheap lot to bctld oo; give loca-
tion acd price. Box 2SS3. -fall office.
R_A_ ESTATE— COCSTRY For Sale
MEET be sold at cr.ee. as I am leaving tbe
Etate per_— aestly and the sale cf this ranch
is tbe only thing that detains me, conse-
quently will sell at great sacrifice: any one
wanting a. good income borne will do him-
self sl world of good by giving- this bis im-
mediate attention, for I am locking for flrrt
money; the ranch consists of about 16 acres
of the best land in the State; dark red soil,
perfectly level and 10 feet deep; free water
ngnt; located right in the town of Center-
vilie. Fresno County. Cal.: SU acres bearing
<~— res »nd lemon!. 3 acres prunes, full
bearing email vineyard, 1 acre fine assorted
fruits; the rest of the land fine garden or
truck land; dwelling of 8 rooms tt-story),
with large shade trees that meet over the
house; backhouse. letnon-house. store-
bouse: large barn and other outbuildings.
fine ¦rax-den, fenced with pickets; pla.ee all
fenced and ditched; bordered with, orna-
mental trees; 2 rood, mills with pumps;
. splendid location for general store and feed
stable; good corrals and sheds. This will
certainly bear the fullest investigation; it
i* a genuine snap for the right man and
must be sold at once; no reasonable cash offer
refused; price $_0Q; $2500 cash, balance to
SJ&U^J!*^ 1 * 1 ***¦* OT Bee o~ner. JAS.
KILGORE. Fresno. Cal.
——FOR KALE NEAR SAM FRANCISCO -
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry end general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. S02 California st. for pam-
phlets and lnfoncatlon.
F-OI1 _!e—*0-acre stock ranch 2 miles from
Fresno; all fenced, stocked and running row-
write for particulars, w. a. WHITE
yregno. Cal.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big rroney: easy
payments. HEALT _ CARH. C Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
tree i_t. C. R. THNTIELD, Petaluma, Cat
HfTfln_ urn iti i ii munis iM_m— mih in in n i < , ' .
SAHWAY TRAVIL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
BT»I»« lrn>r »••<! nr« <li<f I •» MrrlV* <? •
NAN rilANCIMl'w. "
¦* {Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
1«ATK — f ROM DlCEMBKR 6. 1901. — A.1RIV3
TiOOa Becloia, Hulaim, Klmira and 8acr»-
meuto. SstMF
7c4H>a Vacaiille, Winters.' Rumaey ~:33r
4 iSU* Martinez. Sau it • i. Vullejo. N»r*.
* Callat.g* ftinl ,H»uca IVwt «:23p
8:0ttA Daria, Woodland. Kaiguts funding.
- Mariifille. ornfilla ?:.1-1r
8:0O* AtUntlo K«|.reiui-<)gaeii aart Kul H:US\
ft:i>o A N'ilea. I-atUr>.i», dcocsion
»i»O* Nlles, .Mendot*. LUuford. Visalia.
PorterrUIe 4:33*
•i*9a Shasta Kxprrn— DaTls, Williams (for
Hartlett Springs). Willow*. Rail
Bluff, Porthitd. 7:M»
>|S*A Shu Jose, J.Uermore, .Stockton,
lime. Saora.iieiil.i, l'Ucervlllo.
. M»rjs*lll«. Ckicn. Uml IMiKT -«:23»
§»>3Oa Oakdalf, Chinese, -Jon. >ra. Tuolumna <a-.25»
•>«O* Hay ward, Nih-s aud Way Stations.. I Iaa9«
trOOA Vallejo.. I?iS3»
•iVUa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. l.athrop. Mtonictou. Meret-J
Fresno ami Loa Angeles 7 :<1 3*
• >»«>* Valli-j". Martinez ami V/S.J Rtatlnnt 7i-"»-', r
¦ OsOUA Tho OverUm! ! Jmite4— Ogdeu. L'on-
ver, Umaba. Chicago n-.-zsr
(liPOr Sacifiin«iiU> l!l»«r Hi-onmem |11:<IU»
SiOOr ISi'uiciu, Winters, ftacrawento,
iVoixllaml. KnikliU landing.
MarintMr. (tauTiHe. 10:3.1*
BtSOr najward. Nilra amt Way .Station*.. ?:33»
4io«r Martlne*. Sou iUmuii. Vallejo.
N»|«i, <.'alintoKM. Knnt.il Itosa »:.V1r
4i«0r Niles. LlTernioiB. Stockton. LoOl... I5W»
4i:n»p Haywnrd. Nile", fviu.loso. Llnrmors (»:."> J*
4s30rTh« Owl Limited — Fresno, TuUre.
XakersOelil. Hjinpia for Simta Bar-
bara, I,<>8 Aucoles SiSSa.
StOOp Fort Costa Tracy. Lathrcp. Stockton I oi»9a
BtOVp M—tin'z. Aotioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:23?
•lOOp Ila/»ani. Nllss ami Han Joaa 7:354
t«sO«r Vallejo IlitS*.
•iWf Oriental Mall— Ogrfen, Dearer.
Omaha. St. Txjula, Chicago 4<33a
. 7iOOr Oregon ami California Kx|>rmw,Saa-
, rum nn tii. Mury^rllU. KciIiIImk,
1'ortlaiHl. I'ligut rluuixt ami I— it 8:33*
SiO.ipSan Pablo. Port Costa. Mart— ei
ami Way Button* 11:23*
t»»Q.tp Vallfj., ?»S3f
COAST IjINB Ciarnm liange).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
8il.1*Newark.Oeiiter»illB,Man Jose, VriUni,
lioiildor Creek,; Santa. Onu anil Way
BUtlona 3:3«»
t*il3r Newark. CenteTTllI*. Ban Jose, N>«
Aliimiinu, Cotton, Itoul.W Creek,
8auU Crux and Principal Way -
Station*.... l«»5«4
4il.Tr Newark. Hau Joan. I.fm Oato« 1*:SOk
s9.3op Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
;_ Stations t7.ao»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from Ski mXCISCO— Foov of Muktt Street (Slip 3)—
. tf:15 9:00 11.00*. u. 1:03 3:J3 6:I5m«.
rrtmOHUao— r«>t*f Bctsdwar.— tH:OO J8;OO t3:0f
10.00a.m. 12:03 3.Q3 4:C3r.a.
COAST _INB (Kroai! Mange).
(Third m.d Townaen.l Sta)
«:IOa Ban Jose and Way Htationt. «:I*U
7iM0a Han Joneuiul Way .Stiitlnim fH:«Mlp
/7:»>»a New Al.ra.len / 4:1O*
SiVttA Cost Line limited — Ban .Tote.
- ' Glln y. UaJiou, San Lois Obispo,
8a,nU Barbara, I.oi Angeles and
principal intermediate sUtions .... 1 0:419
•¦OOa Man Jose. Trea linos. HaiiU «.'rur.
; - fao'lic Uro*«, t-alinaa. gan Lola
Obispo ami Principal inter_«dUta
HUUons ." 4:ia»
l»::tOA 8_ Jcse aud Wsy Stations. »:3«*
I IiKWa Man .lose ami Way .Station U: 10*
til: I5p San Mateo, ltedwooil. Afenlo Patk,
l'alo Alto. Hanta Clara. San .lose.
Tren Plnos, Hnnla Crux. Salinas.
Mnmeiny ami t'acilic throve.. .... |KI:-I3a,
8:3Or Han Jose ami Way Stations. t>:i«a>
4-i:i:>l>SaiiJose«mU*Th,ntraI Way Stations 3i:ii*#
4:3Ur Snnwt I J.TUted-XIonilay*, Wednes-
days, Friday*, for Loi Angelex, El
. Paao New Orleans and New York. -
.ArriYea Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lOilS*
f3:0OpSan Jotm, I.os Gatos aud l'riiieipal
Wayautions , f!t:»04
St30r San.losB ami Principal \Tay .Stations C::i<>»
«:.1Or&m».1<w».iii! W .v Station* 7:.1O»
7:00 p New Orleans Exprexs — Han Lnfs
' Obispo. Sant* r.irhura, Los An-
. eeles. Doming. .El Paso, New Or-
lejiisanil East 7x3<la>
qll:4»p3ait Jnseaml Way -Stations "i3Oy
A for Morning 1' f or A f ternoou.
t .Similar rxemited. ? Sunday only.
Saturday only. /Tuesdays aud Friday*,
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
— »av« Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local _lm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily D.ally Dally
— r. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
...V- Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 8U1 p
." Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27p 8:05a
•• Visalia.. 3:3»p 6:0Oa..... !
" Bakerafld (t:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ....
•• Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a "
¦ **- Chicago g:15p 9:00 p
a tor moraine, y tor atternooa.
9:00 a. rn. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrylne Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally
4:20 p. rn. U Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local.* Correspond— s train arrives at 12:30
p. in. daily.
8:00 p. m- i» the Overlacd Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding, train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
/ 7:20 a. rn. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. -,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburort Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Ean Francisco to ban Ratao!.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, «:30 p. _. Thursdays— Ex tr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O, »:3O. 11:00 a. _.; X:3Q.;3:3X
6:00, (5:20 p. m.
baa Rafaal to San ' Franc taco.
"WEEK DAYS— «:10. T:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ;
12:43, 8:40. 6:15 p. — . Saturdays — £xtr»
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m. ;*.-..-.
SUNDAYS — 8:10. 9:«0, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:401
5:05, 6:25 p. ~- - ¦ - .
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San Francisco.
Week | Sun- I : I Son- I Week
Days. I days. 1 Destination | days. 1 Day—
7:30am 8:00am Ncvato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 4:05pm 10:29ax »
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm »:20pn>
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:2Sa_
6:C}pm Healdsburg. 10:40a_
Lyttoa,
GeyiervlUe,
S :30pm S:O0am Cloverdale, 7:33p_ «:20pn»
7:30am 6:00pm Bopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:3Opm H:OOam and TJktan- 7:35pm <t:20pg>
7:3Cam ': 10 :40am 110 _5aaa
8:00am GaernevUle. 7:32pm|
8:30pm 6:00pm | gaOpin
":30am 8:00am Socoma I 9:15am 8:40am
and I
5:10pm S:00pm Glen Ellen. I g:OSp— < :20pm
7:3Oam| 8:00am| |10:40am]10:23aza
• 3:7.0pm! 3:00pm( SebastopoL | ":35pm( «:20prq
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulpbur Sprisgs; at
Fulton for Altrnria: at Lytton ,lor Lyttoa
Springs; at Geyservllle for Slcassa Springs; at
Cloverdale for tbe Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan F-ings. . Highland Sprlnss. KeUey-
ville Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
, Dell I_ke Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter VaUey. John Day's. Rlversid». L.lerley*«.
Bncknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvliie. Git's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bra??,
Westport. Usal. WUHts. Laytonvllie, Cummin*.
Bell's Sprlnss. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip • ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket _Sce, C50 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldins.
H. C WH1T1.VG. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leave Via Sausalito Ferry TAmve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San. Fran.
Week Sun- _ - . . . S«m- Week
.£__ j___ JZXZ'ZStZ i_£ Has
>CT,>»rmiiin.5»«»i»irf«.mfcn.»i>.
Sc— < Oaoca, ca MAX.—T STB_T —t _C_X_O T— £X.
a Dr. Gibson's Dispensary,
C512D EEACStST. _staSlhb«-tl
in inSi for the treatment of I'riv'nte
Di.i«M»*e!». l*Y*t M:inti<x*I. IVWilty or
(!i>e;is- u-e:irin(roii body anil inlrni anil
Skin Diseiiscs. The Doctor cures w lien
others full. Try him. »'h»rges low.
'•irr.ctinranlrrri. Cull or «vrlMk
Dr. J. _ . ** luiniX. ntui Frsmdaco. U_
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELKY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— NEW 7-room house; lot 50x140; % block
from car line; on 80 ft. street; in a fine neigh-
borhood; must sell on account of departure.
W. C. MORAN _ CO.
$4500 — REDUCED from $7500; large new S-
room house; fine barn for 3 horses and -4
cows; running water to house and barn, and
small creek runs year round; 20 acres of land;
10 pasture, with oak trees for wood; 10 for
vegetable or grain; only 2 miles north of
Berkeley; all fenced and cross-fenced; in 3
fields; Improvement* alone cost asking price.
W. C. MORAN & CO. - ¦ ' -•
12000— NEW 0 or 6 room cottage; lot 45x100;
3 blocks to train and electric cars; porcelain
bath, tiled sink, stationary tubs: fine mantel
and sideboard, tinted walls, gas fixtures, etc. ;
3 of them will be ready to move into this
week; only $200 down, monthly Installments
less than rents, $20 per month: W. C. MO-
RAN _ CO. ¦ - '
?12,500 — 5 ACRES of land in heart of town; can
subdivide and sell off . $18,000 worth -of lots
and still have a fine home of ten rooms; fine
carriage house, cow barn; grandest flower
garden la' Berkeley; <flne fruit orchard in full
bearing; improvements cost present owner
*21.000: must Bell on account of death. W.
' C. MORAN & CO., Lorin station and Schmidt
block, Berkeley. ¦
J5000 — SUNNY house: i2 rooms, stable; block
from university and 5 minutes from station;
North Berkeley: superb view; 2 lots, $250
each. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Mont-
gomery st.
ONLY $2000 — Fine, well' built house of 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot.
on the sunny side of street; street work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SON, real estate, Berkeley station. >K' >
$2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
one block from station; lot 50x110; terms to
suit; Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth St.,
or branch office. Adeline station. Berkeley.
FRUITYAIE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
AN unnarelleled opportunity ; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins at. ; 2 blocks . from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price
14000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4300— A BRAND-NEW HOUSE.
Location 20th and Webster sts.; lot 43 feet
frontage; house of 7. rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest in every de-
- tail and finish; this property originally be-
longed to an estate and it now must be sold;
only a few blocks from 14th and Broadway
local trains and business centers; this prop-
erty can be rented for $45 per month; house
a good Investment if purchaser did not wish
to occupy it.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
,:,:.; 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2600— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new 6-room house; note — (lot 50x140);
sunny exposure; street work all complete; in
first-class condition; near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and our
instructions are to sell without reserve to
the highest and best bidder; terms only $500
cash, balance can remain on mortgage; pur-
chaser can pay cash if so desired. i
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3600— STRICTLY TJP-TO-DATE COZY HOME.
Reception hall, front and back parlor, din-
ing-room and kitchen below, 3 fine bed-
rooms, closets and bathroom above; all fin-
ished in light hard wood, hall in white cedar;
front and back porch, 2 toilets, laundry and
cemented basement: nice lawn and flowers
front and rear; situate prominent 40-foot
corner, close in; bargain; will be sold this
week; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
'-,' .,"¦. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
S2S50— MODERN COTTAGE ON -G ROVE ST.
7 rooms and bath; laundry and cemented
basement; all in fire condition; sunny side
of street; fine neighborhood: lot 40x116.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$150 CASH. $6 monthly — Cottage of 3 rooms,
hard finished ; 2 fine lots, all fenced ; a fine
home for a small family or bachelor, where
peace and quiet reign; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town- hall; 100 fam-
ilies located within 3 years; soil, climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price in all $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call or send for circular. 455
Seventh st, opp. Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner. .
$1000 — BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot- water boiler;
' sunny side, close to San Pablo ave. ; street
j work all done, including stone walks; • ail
newly papered and painted. Address for
. quick sale box 2378. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
6TJNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees ani
f.owers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth Ets.. come with 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The. 1773 Market— 2 housekeeping
rooms, gas range. $12; single. $7.
BIRCH ave., 615—3 rooms for housekeeping,
unfurnished; rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st.
BRYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth — 2 or 3 front rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; cheap. • ¦'—-.
FIFTH. S53 — Furnished housekeeping, 2 beds,
double parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; single. $4.
FOR rent — 3 sunny roexns. suitable for house-
keeping. Apply 2403 Clay st., bet. 12 and 1.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny. handsome modern
rooms; gas, bath, phone; $8. $13 and $20.
HOWARD. 2381— Two sunny well furnished;
raised porch, sink room, etc.; $12; 2 adults.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—2 large rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for housekeeping*
rent low.
OAK, 119 — 2 parlors, gas, $15 50; large front
room, $10; sunny back room $7; small front.
$6; 2 rooms, $12; all furnished for house-
keeping. -.:->V, •„<:'...¦
SECOND. 212 — Hskpg rms, ; clean; respectable;
Howard cars neari no children; reasonable.
SILVER, 165. near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. •
VAN NESS av_, 834 — 2 newly furn. Urge con-
necting rooms and kitchen: phone; reasble.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
29c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BrRXETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
forniEhed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 1128 (Jefferson square)— Handsomely
furnished rooms; home privileges.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozai t>— Xlcely furnished rooms
35c. tl SO night; $1 CO. »« wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 418 (The Pierpont)— Beautifully fur-
nkhed rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice: hot water: private baths. * ;/.
FOLSOM. 1123 — Nice sunny front room suita-
ble for 2 gentlemen or man and wife; dieap.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk — Taylor.
GALT House. 1208 Market st. — Furnished
rooms by day, week or month. '¦ ¦
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
borne at moderate charges; suit, single: elevat.
KEARNY. 3*. and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en .suite or tingle.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome eultes;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MIICNA. <S67. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. . 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nisbed rooms: $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
O'FARRHLL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms 'and
offlces?\elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 326^-Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite and' other rooms, with all mod-
ern conveniences. ¦ . ' ¦.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
. ' Jor; roon_, per night. 35c to $1.30;; week. S3
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator m ground
• floot; rooms with hot and cold water;, Laths..
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn.and Unturn'.
POLK, 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap E.nd clean, at the Ivanhoe.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28. Eighth atv
. . near -Market — Furnished or - unfurnished. ,-
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. > •
TURK, 543 — Large front room; grrate; gas;
bath; light housekeeping 1 if- desired: reas"ble.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220C Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
. Valencia gt. ¦ ' -. ¦ ¦• :
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the Co-Operato Homes for self-respectingr,
- self-supporting, . Bmall-salarled girls, there
are "a few vacancies; for -board and room,
price $2 50 per week. Call on or address MISS
FLORA BOLLINGER, manager, C45 Folsom
st.; telephone Black 1736.
HOTEL Dennistcn, cor. Valencia and 21st fcts.
— In the "Warm Belt" : free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunnygults; first class.:
THE Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board, $22 50 up; excellent table.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. • 1070 Valencia
st. ; conservatories. ¦ ¦ ; . . ' . .
HANDSOMELY furnished front room, with
board; ? use parlor, piano, phone. .850 Van
Ness ave. ¦ . ¦ > ::'-. :
3 TOUNG men to occupy nice large room, good
board, $20 each; other nice rooms; sunny;
with or without board.- 892 Bush st.
CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CAPP, 734, near Twenty-third — Nice sunny i
front room with board if desired.' - •
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 tte 5 gents; best table board.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar._ subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103G
I Valencia 6t. -.*•¦¦
RUPTURE S AX ITARIUM.
RUPTtlRE— Will" lengthy "Yds "cure"you? Nol
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1206 Market St..
and get cured: treatment free. ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
. gives notice that the ' following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902: Edna Dussure. 1 year 6
months; Gertrude Westphiel, 6 years 0
months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwin, 2 years 3 months; Charles Kat-
to, 4 years 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres. 3 years 6 months; Pauline
Hoxall, 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Rath- I
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann*, 13 -years; Will
Hill tin, 3 years 10 months; George Hill tin,
2 years; Alice Murry, 6 years 6 months; Ger-
tie Murry, 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo. 6 years 1 month; Edmund
Munny, 5 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months; Thomas Donn,
5 years 2 months; Albena Gazano, S years i»
months; Bernard Rose,. 4 years 7 months;
Mary Vogelsange. 8 years;' Ruble Denny, 0
years: Florence Wall. 3 years; Mary Green,
6 years; Evalyn Segers, 2 years; Mary
Welsen, 7 years 8 months; Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee, 5 years; Isabella Magulre,
10 years; Benjamin Facllla. 4 years ,7
months: Lulu Pacilla. 3 years 7 months:
Edward . Smith, 6 \ years; James Smith, 8
years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith. 4
years. • -. ¦ ¦ • - . .
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that, they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1 1901 to January 1, 1902, the ' following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls: Isldor Cohen, 13 yrs. 4 mos.; Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs. 4 mos. ;. Hannah Feingold,
8 yrs. 2 mos.: Henry Feingold. 5 yrs. 6 mos.:
David Feingold. 10 yrs.- 4 mos. : Alma Wolff,
7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner, 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 6 yrs. 5 mos.; Sam Shaphran,
8 yrs. 11 mos.; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.:
Frank Shaphran, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; Samuel Pud-
lln, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlin, 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. 11 mos. ; Clarence
Levy 4 yrs. 4 mos.: Louis Friedman, 9 yrs.
2 mos.; Henry Friedman. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos. : Madeline Ros-
enthal. f> yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal, 4
yrs. ; Ruben Vldaver.' 12 yrs. ; Matthias VI-
daver 10 yrs. 9 mos. ; . Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7 mos,: Mamie Levy, 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Sarah Levy.. 4 yrs. 3 mos. ¦ .
THE secretary of the San- Francisco Protestant-
- Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have - been admitted to the
asylum— on • Halght Bt. — from July 1, 1901, to
January 1. 1902: Doris B. Whitehorn, 2 yrs.
- 6 mos. ; Tessie V. Buyck, 9 yrs. 10 mos. ; Lena
Schmidt. 7 yrs. \ mo. : Lena M. Hainberger, •
0 yrs.; Harry Klang, 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehorn, 6 yrs. 6 mos.: Herbert O.
Eeemann. 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Percy W. Stapleton.
8 yrs. 10 mos. ; Hairy Hamberger, 4 yrs. 8
- mos.; James A. .Ferguson, 8 yrs. 5 mos.;
. Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos.: Rudolph Bohde,
8 yrs.: William Hill, 8 yrs. 4 mos.; William
Randolph, 7 yrs. 6 roos.; Herbert W. Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvig, 10 yrs. 5 mos.
THE following half-orphans have been received
in the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
since last publication: Violet Lumberge, 4
years of age: Marlon Williams, 2 years of
age; Robert D. Mackay, S years of age.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, internal or protruding piles
. without fail, no matter of how long standing.
1G28 Devisadero St.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. S580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th. i
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion Bt. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. . ¦ - ;
TO LEASE.
TO Lease — About 4 acres land, with house and
outbuildings, suitable for chicken ranch or
nursery. Call M. MILLETT. Colma. Cal. -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^ We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in tbe city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
_______________
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, January 20, 1902 —
At a regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors of this company, held this day, a. divi-
dend was declared, payable on and after
January 21. 1&02. LOUIS WEINMANN. Sec
PROPOSALS. *.'/
PROPOSALS wiU be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Account-. Navy Department.
"Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon.
February 18, 1902, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
. Yard. Mare Island. Cal., a quantity of
feather dusters, fire . brick, twine, paints,
white lead. lye. -chalk, oil. varnish shellac,
stationery, tools, soap, glass, hardware lum-
ber, plumbers' supplies, pipe and fittings,
pig lead and generating sets. Blank propo-
Eals will be furnished upon application to the
Bureau or to the Navy Pay Office San Fran-
cisco. Cat A. S. KENNY. Paymaster Gen-
er— i V. S. N. y . 1-14-02.
HABRIAGE LICENSES!
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
George A. Bromley, 55. 208 Eddy street, and
Mary W. Jeghers. 40, 120 _yon street "
- Joseph Bernstein. 24. 734% Clementina
street, and Betty Tirkeltaub. 21. 43 Rausch st.
Defendente Bizzlnl. 29, Newman. Cal and
Mary Maino. 34. 926% Pacific street. i , -
George R. Lamb. 22, Reno. Nev.. and Emylv
J. Collins. 20. Nevada City.
Edwin • E. Hughes, . 19. Fresno, Cal and
Alice L. Loomis. 19. San Luis Obispo. "
Christopher G. Counter, 25, 1826 . Market
street, and Frances K. Donlan. 23, 219 San-
chez street. : .
Rosano Martorana. 26. 60 Manchester street
and Antonia. Navartia, 18. ¦ C5 Manchester st *
' William J. Howatt. 26. 3887 Seventeenth
street, and Lillian B. Linden, 26, -639 O'Far-
rell street.
Edward R. Forrester. 29. " 44 ' Third etreetl
and Sr.die K. Reeves. 22. Modesto, Cal ¦>;*!•
- Gaetano Donato. 32. 606 Vallejo street 'and
Teresa Sansrulnetta.-19, 1213 Kearny itreet
Andrew Niero, 25, Eulsun, and Rosa Cher-
enza, 35. city. . .....' ¦ ¦ • ,•
William H. Turlck. 26, San Jose, Cal ani
Bertha A.. Whalen, 25. Petaluma.
¦ Edward E. Pearson, - 26, , city, and Mary A
Graham. 20. - city. • -_.— .'.
¦" Carl Kewirur, 21, - 65 Prospect .avenue, and
Lizzie Stlmpson, 20. 05 Prospect avenue.' ¦
. BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS. .
Birth, marriage and - death'- notices ' sent.' by
mail will not be inserted; They must be handed
in at- either of >. the -publication ' of flees and be
indorsed with; the name and . residence of < per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ,
BORN.
SONNE — In this city. January 16, 1902* to
the wife of M. A. Sonne, a son.\ -
ZOERB— In this city. January 18, 1902, to the
wife of Charles P. Zoerlj, a daughter. .
.- MARRIED.- ¦:¦' ;£ "¦¦ L^P*
McDONALD— KAY- In this city, January 20,
. 1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
James Anjois McDonald and Sarah,. Kay,
. both of .San Francisco.;". .\r. •;'?;-«•<-«!
MILLBRADT— RISSMANN— In this city, Jan-
uary. 19, 1902, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Hugo 'R. Millbradt - of Stockton and Mary
Rlssmann ;- of San Francl«co. • ¦ ¦ - - ¦ : : .
DIED.-
Anderson, Gladys G. Miner, Easle E.
. Brenner, • Leoj>old , -Murphy, Klizabeth
Champion, Louise H. .' Murray, John
" Chapman, : Henry L. - Nelson, Paula
Cordes, . William O* Day. Lillian
Costello, Catherine Otto, Frank ¦
Dugan,- Charles J. ,' Ryan, Winnie .- ; ¦;
. Fay, ¦ Edward J. - I '. 8chorcht, •; Johanna ¦
Fleischman, ¦ Anna- - Short, David M. • \ ¦'.-;.
belle L. «— Soltslen, Delia
¦ Friederlchi Gustav . ¦ Spoonerj Thomas J. .
Gallagher. James A. Stanley, Annla C.
Garbarlno, Michael Uhl, Felix ..
Gorevan, Jceaph T. Van Eman. Wm. W.
Groth, Karsten H. Vinzent. Lela M. ..
Louehlln.^Lulu Vujovich, Toda . •
Lucks. Bertha ' ' Woltera. Martin -
¦ McCarthy, Annie T Zoerb, Emily E. ':
Maurin, Jean B. < Zoerb (infant)
Milne, Mrs. . Lillle C. ' ; ; . ..
ANDERSON — In" this clty^ January 20, 1902,
Gladys Genevieve, beloved daughter of Wal-
. ter and Rosa Genevieve Anderson, a native
• of San Francisco, aged 13 yeara 6 months
an'd 8 days. . ¦ .- . » ¦¦'
ICThe funeral services will be held' Tues-
day, at 2:30 o'clock, at the family residence.
3645 Clay street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers. -.
BRENNER— Entered into rest, in this city,
I I January 19, 1902, Leopold, .beloved husband
of Johanna Brenner, and . father of Gustav
Brenner, a native of Germany, ag«d 67 years
and 4 months. • - - ¦ ¦
lC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday)! at 10, o'clock, at : his
. late residence, 801 Scott street, corner of
Fulton. Interment Hills of Eternity • Ceme-
tery, . by special , train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:40 o'clock. Please
, omit flowers. None can be accepted.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our • late
member, L. Brenner, this morninsr, at. 10
o'clock, from his. late residence, 801" Scott
street. • ¦ S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the Congregation
Sherith Israel are requested to pay. their last
tribute of respect to the memory of our
' late ¦ distinguished member,- Leopold Bren-
ner, .by attending his funeral at 10 o'clock,
this (Tuesday) morning:, from 801 Scott
street CHARLES HARRIS, President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT, Secretary.
CHAMPION — In Oakland, January 19, 1902,
Louise H. Champion, mother of H. G. Corn-
stock, a native of Michigan, aged 60 years
5 months and | 4 days. -.
CHAPMAN— In East Oakland, January 20,
1902,. Henry L., husband of Sarah Chapman,
and father of Mrs. L. L; Barlow, Mrs. Ella
C. Francis, W. W. Chapman, F. C. Chap-
man and Mrs. Myrtle Chapman Shaw, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 70 years and 6 months.
CORDFS— In this city, January 20, 1902. at
his residence. 157 Hickory, avenue, William,
dearly beloved husband ¦ of ' Maggie Cordes,
father of Herman William Cordes, youngest
. son of Anna and the late C. H. Cordes, and
brother of Henry Cordes, a native of Brook-
iyn.'N. Y.i aged 45 years and 23 days.
COSTELLO — In' Santa Clara County, January
20, 1002, Catherine, beloved wife of Michael
Costello, beloved mother » of Mrs. Ira Ed-
wards, and sister of the late' Mrs. Julia
Cleary, a native of County Kilkenny, Ire-
land. . - -
DUGAN— In this • city, January 19, 19<}2,
Charles ¦ J.', dearly ¦ beloved ¦ and idolized and
only son of John and Margaret - Duuan, and
brother of Marie T;, Loretta F. »and Josie
Dugan, a native of Sari Francisco, aered 28
years t) months and 18 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:30 -o'clock, from the
parents' residence. 830 Minnesota street,
thence to St. Teresa' s Church, where ' a re-
quiem hi*rh mass will be . celebrated for the
repose of his soul it 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.:. . : l : "\ ¦
FAY— In this city, January 20, 1002, Edward
James, beloved son of- Michael, and the late
Ellen Fay, and brother of Stephen, William,
Joseph, George, Henry, Annie and Thomas
Fay, Mrs. E. J. Rutledge, Mrs. N. J. Dough-
erty and Mrs. J." Sullivan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 • years 7 months and 8
days.. „ ¦ ¦ „" . '
FLEISCHMAN— In .Oakland, ; January 20, 1902,
' at the residence -of- her parents," 911 Kirkham
street, Annabelle Louise, dearly beloved
daughter of Charles and Barbara Louise
Fleisehman, and sister of Emily C. Fleisch-
man, a native of San Francisco, 'aged 20
years 9 months- and 13 days.
E7 Funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), Janu-
ary 22, 1902. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. • . - • i ' '-¦•¦•
FRIEDERICH— In this city, January 20, 1902,
Gustav Friederlch, beloved father of . Mrs.
William Hoelscher and Alfred i L.. Beatrice
and Margaret Friederich, ¦ a native of Frank-
fort, Germany. a*ed 54. year* and 8 months.
GALLAGHER — James A. Gallagher, a victim,
of the wreck of the steamer Walla Walla,
beloved son of Michael . and the late Hah-
nah Gallagher, bro'ther of Annie, Mary. Nel-
lie. . Andrew and Michael Gallagher of St.
Louis, and cousin of Mrs. Chrla J. Haley of
San Francisco, a native . of Montrose. la.,
aged 36 years. (St. Louis , papers please
copy.) .
lC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street thence to St. Paul's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
GARBARINO— In this city, January 19, 1902.
Michael Garbarlno. beloved husband of Majf
Garbarlno. ¦ a native of Bear Valley, Mari-
pesa County, Cal., aged 44 years 3 months
and 21 days.
GOREVAN— In this city, January 19, 1902,
Joseph Thomas, beloved husband of the late
Ella ¦ Gorevan, loving father of John M.
l Gorevan, and dearly beloved son of James
and Mary Gorevan. . and brother of James,
Ella, Anna and Agnes Gorevan and Mrs.
Louis Vincent and the late 'John and Wil-
liam Gorevan, a native of San Francisco.
• (C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day morning, at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1825 Clay street, ; thence to
St Brigid'S Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul commencing at 0:30 o'clock. - Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ . ..?>.
GROTH— In this city, January. 20, 1002. Kars-
ten Henry Groth. brtoved brother of David
Groth. and uncle of Karsten William Groth.
a native of Holstein. Germany, aged 69 years
1 month and 18 days..' - ' ...¦¦¦
. (c?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hi3 brother, 1703 Webster street,
corner Sutter. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. : - -¦".".¦
LOUGHLIN— In this city. January 18. 1902,
Lulu —oughlin. beloved wife of William
Loughlln, loving mother of Ethel, Gertrude,
Pearl. Elsie. William and Florence Lough-
lin daushter of Mrs. Bertha 0. Colen. and
sister of John. Frank. . Louis and Everett
Colen. a. native of Boston,. Mass. .
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral services
Tuesday, January 21. 1902. at 10 o'clock, at
the parlors of J- S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LUCKS— In -this city. January 19, 1902,
Bertha; ' beloved wife of J. F. • Lucks, dearly
.beloved' daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. L.
Thumler, and sister: of lira. L. N.- Rltzau,
Mrs Charles Hammond and: Mrs. F. W.
Graf and Henry. Emil. Hugo and • the late
Walter Thumler, .a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years 9 months and 11 days.
|— TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(TueaCay). at 2 o'clock. ¦ from her 'late resi-
dence. 8 Avery avenue, off Geary street, near
Steiner. Interment Laurel HUI Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,'
20 Fifth St.. - opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
, SAN BRUNO H__8. :J. }i^..
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Maaasw.
NEW- FIRM OF; UNDERTAKERS.
• : Samuel McFadden, 18 ' yeara manager for
"the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F." Green, late with;J. C.O'Cpn-
nor _ Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.. Telephone South . 44. : ; ;.", -•-¦;
REMOVED!
McGinn brOS..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
' ERS; to 224 and 226 McAllister St. s (For-
merly of 81 Eddy gt.- Tel. South 252.)-
( UNITED Urai-R lAKERS }
: Ir^l7»nd.2O Fifth St. Tel. South i«r I
¦ 1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AMD EMBALMERS. J i
¦ . Finest j Equipment >nt • Moderate . Kixten. J
MCCARTHY — In this - city, . January. 10. 1002.,
- Annie T., i wife of the . late Cornelius McCar-
•i' thy, mother of George, Walter and Rose Mc-
. Carthy,.', and. sister of -William and Agnes
McAdamSj' a native of California, ased:38
r-\ years. . . - ¦ " ¦,...¦.¦«¦• ¦ ¦-. ¦ . '-..v.
MAURIN— In '; this city, > January 18,- 1002.
Jean B. ¦ Maurin. grandfather of v Adolphe
Shase, a native of *France.\ aged S3 years 11
months and, 12; days. ¦ .-,,••. . '. »> • • '
' ¦ ' ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend - the funeral services
Tuesday, January 21. 1902, at 2:30 o'clock,
: at the parlors - of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery \ avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
'•; Cemetery. . ; - * ¦ ¦
MILNE— In this city,' January 17, 1902, Mrs.
Lillle : C. Milne, mother of Georee M. and
;i Walter O.; Milne, and dearly beloved mother
>of Florence E. Dermody, a native of Bristol,
j . England. A charter member of Lincoln Corps \
¦ No. 3, W. R. C; and a member of Loyal Clr- ,
cle No. 170, CO. F. •> • !
. ' |_TFriends and ' acquaintances and mem-
,bers of Lincoln Corps, W. R. C, and Loyal
" Circle, C. -O. F., are respectfully Invited to
attend the t funeral •¦ Tuesday, at 1 o'clock.
: from the parlors of A. W. Martin &¦ Co.,
813 O'Farrell street. Interment Mount Olivet
' Cemetery, by : electric funeral car. ' •, '¦,
MINER— In this city, January 20, 1002, of
diphtheria, - Essie E., beloved dauchter of
"William J. and Emma D.. Miner, a. native of
'Santa Barbara, aged 4 years 1 month and
: 20 days. •
MURPHY— In this city, ' January - 18, * 1902.
Elizabeth, dearly .beloved wife of Michael
Murphy,, and lovins mother of Mrs. Richard
J. CavanauKh, Mrs. Joseph I.- Flynn and
John J. Murphy, and aunt of Josephine. Mur-
phy, ' and' sister-in-law, of William Murphy
of Santa Cruz, a native of Clonmell. County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 03 years. • -' . .
: 'ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited- to attend, the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at • 9:30 o'clock, ;from her late
j residence, 105% Vandewater • street, ' off Ma-
son, between Francisco | and Bay, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass. will be celebrated for the repose of. her
soul, ' commencing . at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro8a - Cemetery. \ ,
MURRAY — In Oakland. January 10, 1902,
. John Murray, a native of Scotland, aged li
.years 2 months and 10 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral services to-
day (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at the parlors of
Henry Evers, 865 Washington street, Oak-
land. .Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
NELSON— In ; this - city,', January 19, 1002,
Paula Nelson, a native of Austria, acred 33
: years 10 months and 6 days. - •
O'DAY— In /this city, January 20, 1902." LU-
<"- Han,-*' dearly beloved wife of Robert O'Day,
j and ¦ loving daughter' of • Mrs. E. : Lyons and
: the late Henry Ryan, a native of Brooklyn,
New York. , ¦ .
¦ C~Notlse of: funeral hereafter.
OTTOy-In this city, January 19, 1902. Frank
Otto, a native of Germany, aged 60 yeara.
(ETTtemalns at . the • funeral parlors - of
; James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
RYAN— In this city. January 20, 1002. Win-
. nie, beloved daughter of Ann Ryan and the
- late John Ryan, sister of 'William, Michael,
Christopher and John Ryan, Mrs. H. Beas-
, ley and Mrs. George FredrickBon, and niece
of William Ryan, Mrs. James Nolan and the
late Patrick Ryan, a native of San Fran-
. ' cisco, aged 25 years. •' .
SCHORCHT — In this city, January 19, 1902,
Johanna, beloved. wife of Frederick Schorcht,
• " devoted mother of Valesca | and ! Frederick
. Schorcht, and aunt' of .Valesca Eschenroeder,
' a native of Dantzlc, Germany, aged 57 years
¦ 6 months and 12 days. A member of Evan-
gelical Lutheran St. Johannes Frauen Verein.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),. at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3502% Mission street, thence to
the St. Johannes German EvanKelic&l Luth-
: eran Church, Twenty-second street, between
Mission and Howard, where services will be
¦ held,' commencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SHORT— In this city. January 19, 1902, .David
¦ M., beloved husband of Margaret Short,
¦father of Mollie E. and David M. Short Jr.,
I] and son of the late Police Captain John
Short, a native of New York, aged 66 years
and 10: days. • ' ¦
ICT-Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Union Lodge No. 1895, K." of H.,
and Veteran . Firemen's Association . are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Tuesday),- at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1525 • Scott street. Interment Cy-
. press Lawn Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer firemen's Association will please as-
semble at their hall on Tuesday, January 21,
' at 12 o'clock, to attend the funeral of .our;
late brother, David M. Short. By order
S. BUNNER, President.
1 J. J. McMAHON, Rec. Sec.
SOLTSIEN— In this city. January 19. 1902,
; Delia, beloved wife "of the late Herman A.
Soltslen, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years
- 11 months and 12 days. i ft
• C—Triends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day i
¦ (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late '
residence, . 1200 Twenty-fifth street, near In-
diana, thence to St. Teresa's Church, Nine- 1
> teenth ¦ street, ' near Kentucky, for . services,
commencing at 9 o'clock. .
SPOONER— In this city, January 19, 1902, at
¦ Ocean View, Thomas J., beloved husband of
•. Nora Spooner, and father of Thomas Spoon-
j^.fir . and . Mrs. ¦ J. • A- i Brown,_a . native . of - Lynn,
; -.Norfolk, -England,' aged ¦ 67, years.
STANLEY — In this city, Januarv 18, 1902. An-
, - nie C, reltct of Charles A. Stanley, and be-
loved mother of Charles T., George A. and
. David M. Stanley and Mrs. Thomas H.
! Griffin, Mrs. ¦ Frank ' J. Murasky and Corne-
lia J. Stanley, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged C7 years and 1 month.
icy The funeral will take place .'to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 32 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a sol-
' emn requiem high mass will be celebrate^,
. .commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric car from Eighth
and Harrison streets. Kindly omit flowers.
UHL — In this city, January 18, 1902, Felix
. Uhl, a native of Paris, France, aged 83
years. . ¦• ¦ ' ¦ •'
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
. at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
VAN EMAN — In Carson City, Nev., January
18, 1902, William W., husband of Franc A.
Van Eman, a native of Washington County,
Pennsylvania, aged BO years and 7 months.
[_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), from the. chapel of I. O. O. F.
•Cemetery, at 2:30 o'clock.
VINZENT — In Berkeley. January 18. 1902,
Lela May, beloved wife of Ole C. Vinzent.
. a native of Oakland.
/ C7"Funeral Tuesday, January -21, 1902. at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 2123 Ban-
croft way, Berkeley. Interment private.
VUJOVICH— In this city, January 19, 1902.
Toda, beloved son of Andrew Vujovich, and
brother of Joka Vujovich. a native of Boka
Kotorska, Austria, aged 28 years. A mem-
ber of Servlan-MontenesTln L. and B. So-
ciety. -. . ' - '
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the Rus-
sian Church,. Powell street, where services
will be held. Interment Servian Cemetery,
San Mateo County. Remains at the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street.
WOLTERS — In Stese, : Contra Costa County.
Cal., January 18, 1902. Martin, beloved hus-
band of Mathilde Wolters, and loving father
of Mrs. H. Wenzel Jr.. a native of Holsteln.
' Germany, * aged 65 years 6 months and 11
days. A member of Master Mariners' "Be-
nevolent Association.
G_rFriends and acouaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da7
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween t Seventh - and Eighth, thence to Red
Men's Hall. 320 Post street, where services
will be held under tbe -auspices of tbe Mas-
ter Mariners' Benevolent Association, " com-
' mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fel-
lows'. Cemetery.
ZOERB — In this city, January 18. 1902. Emily
Elvira, beloved wife - of Charles P. Zoerb.
and mother of Grace L.. Elsie A. and Mar-
garetc C. Zoerb. a native of Galesburg, 111.,
. aged 36 years 4 months and 23 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), 'at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Galesburg. HI.
ZOERB— In 'this city, January 19. 1902, In-
fant daughter of Charles P. and the late
Emily Zoerb. -v
Sfianahaft FIorisT Go.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.'-.
107 POWELL ST.*iA«EU_S SSE 5056
Petitions in Insolvency.
W. Neumann &;Co.. William r Wolff &
Co. ; and ; Welch . &. Collins 'of - San ' Fra_-
clsco • filed : a petition . yesterday ; in the
United. States District Court" asking that
H. Hill, a merchant of this city, be de-
clared an involuntary Insolvent. The " pe-
tition alleges - that he^ owes the • petition-
ers $2289 68, : and .that on January 14 be
committed an' act of insolvency, by trans-
ferring his property and allowing it to
remain : under . attachment.' George ." A.-
Belayeff . a traveling buyer, filed = a peti-
tion ' asking; ' that ; he be :declared - an- in-
solvent. He, owes $1750 and has no assets.Recorder Godchaux will shortly petition
the Board of Supervisors for funds to be
appropriated from the urgent necessity
fund to pay his additional copyists, whom
he has had to. employ on account of in
creased business. Godchaux says that tho
appropriation made by . the Supervisors
for twenty copyists was $1918, . and ' now
that five more must be employed more
money is required to pay for them.
'Recorder Wants More Money.
Dr. W. F. Southard won the prize cue
andthe Owls' championship medal' In the
Bohemian Club billiard tournament,
¦which closed last nigrht. The contest was
reduced to a trial of skill at the game
between Jere Lynch and Dr. Southard.
The^ pride of the frozen north was de
feated by his antagonist. Dr. Southard.
Mr. Lynch, who was smartly handi
capped, played, a beautiful game to the
.finish and then extended congratulations
to the victor.
I>r. Southard Wins Prize Cue.
The World Never Before "Witnessed
an importation In a year by one house of
120,359 cases of champagne, a feat Just ac
complished by the famous G. H.
MUMM'S EXTRA DRY. Large reserves
of the splendid vintage now imported are
absolute guarantee for maintenance of
present standard. •
Lectures on Japan's' Fish.
• Professor David Starr- Jordan lectured
last evening before | the California Acad
emy of Sciences at its rooms oh Market
street, the subject of his address being
"The Fish and Fisheries of Japan." Pro
fessor Jordan- described the geographical
situation- of the land -of the Mikado and
Interestingly told of the hundreds. of va
rious kinds of fish that Inhabit the waters
of the coast. The lecture was illustrated
by dissolving views of photographs se
cured by Professor Jordan and a. party. of
scientists during their recent research of
the piscatorial resources of the Orient. - '
The board adopted the recommendation
of the Registrar as to the division of the
city irto election precincts for the pri
mary to be held on August 12. There will
be in all 113 precincts. \
Or must the Register to be used at the pri
mary to be held August 12. 1902. be made up
from the registrations of this year, 1902, under
section 10M of the Political Code?
Can the registration of 1900 and 1901, with
the additional registrations and changes, to and
including August 2, 1902, be used for the pri
mary election to be held August 12, 1002?
I respectfully recommend that an opinion be
requested from the City Attorney in relation to
said registration, as follows:
I am in doubt as to the use of the Register of
1900 and 1901 for the primary election to be
held August 12. 1902, as sufficient time will be
had to prepare for a complete new registration.
The question as to whether an entirely
new registration will be required for the
primary election to elect delegates to the
various conventions meeting during the
coming year or whether the registers of
previous years may be used before regis
tration closes, about six weeks after tho
date set for the primary, has been re-
Terred by Registrar Walsh to City and
County Attorney Lane. After quoting the
law, Walsh propounds the following:
City and County Attorney on
Several Disputed Points.
Eegistrar Seeks Information
HEGISTBATIOK" QUESTION
PRESENTS MA2T5T POHTTS
That another effort will be made to re
open the Ingleside racetrack was made
apparent at yesterday's meeting of the
Board of Supervisors, when Supervisor
John A. Liynch introduced an amendment
to the anti-poolselling ordinance now In
effect. The amendment, should It even
tually become a law, will permit of
g&mbling wltWn the lnclosur* where
horse-radnff is carried on for a limited
tin-e.
Lynch's ordinance as amended will per
mit of pool-selling on racetracks for a
period not to exceed sixty days in any One
year. The provisions of the measure do
not legalize the making of wagers in
poolrooms : located outside of the track.
Lynch made no comment when he pre
sented lais bill during: the rollcall for reso
lutions. After the bill had been scanned
by Mayor Schmitt It was referred to the
,Poio«> Committee, which will meet
Tburadny afternoon to consider Its merits.
Ths bid is as follows:
B* it or£a.laed by tiie p*opl« of the city and
coucty of &&& Francisco: -
Section 2. Ordlnaao* Xe. «C approved Mar
34, 190(1 is bereby amended to read as f oi-
Jovte;
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son or corporation owning, leasing or controll
ing aay raoeumck. to bald or conduct, or per
mit or suffer to t* held or conducted, any
horse race meetings, horse races or contest*
between horses, within the city and county ot
San Francisco for any longer time or iitfmber
of days than the aggregate period of sixty (CO)
csv* in any one calendar year.
Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person
or corporation in the city and county of San
Frascisoo to sell or buy pools, or make books,
or make any bet or wager In .any system of
registering bets w wagers wherein money, or
other representative of value, or other articles
of value are staked or pledged on races or other
contests between horses except within the In
closure of a racetrack, and only upon horse
races held within said inclosure and conducted
¦within the limited period of sixty (60) days in
any one calendar year, prescribed by section 1
hereof.
Sec 3. Xo person, otherwise competent as a
witness, is disqualified from testifying as such
concerning the offenses In this ordinance de
fined, oa the ground that such testimony rosy
criminate such witness under the provisions of
this ordinance, but no prosecution can after
ward be had against such witness for any of
fense defined In this ordinance concerning
which he testified.
Sec. 4. Any person violating the provisions
of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misde
meanor, and upon conviction thereof shall b%
punished by a fine not exceeding $500 or by im
prisonment not exceeding six months.
Bee. 5. This ordinance shall take effect im
mediately.
Boston opposed the granting of exten
sion of time to contractors on their . con
tracts for street work. Boxton demanded
to know the reason why the Street Com
mittee recommended them, and Chairman
Curtis explained that the applications for
extensions .were reported favorably only
¦when there- ¦were" valid reasons ' ; . for the
same. p • - .- ¦¦-¦<-
The petition of the Sunset District Im
provement Club that five arc lights be
erected In the heights above M street was
referred to the Ldght Committee.
A- number of members of the Univer
sity Mound District and Bay View Im
provement Club signified by postal card
their indorsement of the resolution of the
club requesting that obstructions j in - the
district be removed. • •
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Works to beautify the central striD of
Van Ness avenue between Bush and Pine
and to reduce the width of the sidewalks
on the block was re-referred to the Street
Committee, as many property owners on
the avenue protest against the project.
The Health Board transmitted a copy
of Its resolution setting forth the emer
gency for a telephone system In the City
and County Hospital.
The Department of Electricity trans
mitted a list of persons and corporations
furnishing- heat, light or power . to the
city.
Van Ness Avenue Improvements.
Authoilzlng the appointment for four months
of a. clerk to revis? the ordinances and to
suggest charter amendments; also the appoint
ment of a stenographer for the water and
light investigations.
Providing for the. purchase of land from the
Southern Pacific Company for $50 ¦ to extend
Arlington street . to . Berkshire street. :
The ordinance declaring that public In
terest demands that the accepted streets
and avenues of the city be repaved at a
cost of $500,000 - was postponed until - the
City Attorney's opinion regarding the
method of procedure for ; bonded . im
provements is obtained.
—The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Ordering: the paving of.O'Farreli street, be
tween Stockton and Powell.
The bill prohibiting persons who hire a
vehicle or horse from defrauding livery
stable keepers was re-referred to the Ju
diciary Committee. v: '" "f ~ ¦
Th« ordinahce appointing Joseph E.
O'Donnell as special counsel to assist the
City Attorney in recovering . certain
moneys due the city by the State was
defeated. • ¦ • ¦ ' ¦'
Livery Stable Ordinance.
Attorney Baggettt^represen ting the cor
poration, said that some' 27,000 cross ties
had been purchased | and ; negotiations
were pending ; for the purchase of the
necessary rails so as to begin the actual
work. Application was made to the Board
of Works for a permit to begin opera
tions, but the application was denied on
the ground that, the official grades had
not been established. Baggett asked tnat
Instead of repealing the franchise the
board direct the Board of Works to estab
lish the grades and issue a permit to the
company to do the work.
"We are ready and willing to : lay the
rails on the streets as. they now are,"
said Baggett, "and subject ourselves to
the penallties of such a course. If the
grades are fixed we will bind ourselves to
spend the $25,000 required by the ordi
nance within sixty or ninety days. It Is
the duty of the Board of Works to estab
lish the grades and to grant us a permit
to oegin construction." . .
The ordinance repealing the franchise
granted the Bay & Coast Railway Com r
pany to enter the city at Twenty-fourth
and Illinois streets was taken up'on final
passage yesterday by the Board of Super
visors and postponed for one week, when
the Board of Works will be present to ex
plain why .grades have not been estab
lished on the streets forming the . rout©
for the railroad. .-
Measure Contemplates Pool
selliug Inside the Rac
ing Inclosure.
• •¦•¦_ ¦ - . ..
Supervisors Fo3tpone Action
on Van Ness Avenue
Improve ments.
Lynch Introduces a Bill
That Favors Ingleside
Reopening.
Coast Road Lays Blame
for Delay on Board
o r Works.
WOULD LEGALIZE
TRACK GAMBLING
WOULD RETAIN
THE FRANCHISE
,The skin, of the Canadian- black -bear
brlnjrs .from $15 to $50. . . /, ; .
.¦ $1' quail ty, ;black,1 medium'' length, this
.week ¦ 50c ; '. assortment \ of odd corsets, dif
ferent-styles! and: prices, 25c; all corsets
fltted.i Chester F.- Wright," 6 Geary street,
corner of vKearny, first floor, upstairs, ? • ,
Another ; Corset : Special.
'¦•¦, M. Compagna, - a commission : bierchant.
arrested ;by, the officers of the: Fish Com
mission on Saturday '-. for. : having more
than* fifty ducks in his , possession, was
fined $25 by Judge , Mogan yesterday. B.
Miller, of. the Union-Square Market and J.
Corrlea, a commission merchant, were ar
rested yesterday i for vlolatln* the bar
Jlmit law. :
Fish. Commissioners "Active.
' Auditor Baehr refused '; yesterday - to
audit the demand for $3250 > drawn by the
Board' of Education to pay for a, lot'ad
joining the Fremont 'School on McAllister
street. Baehr assigns as a reason for. the
refusal that a resolution authorizing the
payment must be adopted by, the Board
of Supervisors and , advertised for five
days in the official newspaper.
Resolution Must Be Advertiaed.
MR. HENRT.WEIN3TOCK of Sacra
mento, Cal., .will deliver Ala famous lec
ture, .'.'Compulsory Arbitration," at the
regular meeting of the 'Men's League of
Central M. ; K. I Church Tuesday, January
21," at 8 p. m..^ he "public is cordially in
vited. ¦ ' ¦ • ¦ •
Works to report on the gas lamps that do
not '.have street signs attached thereto
was 'referred .to \ the .Street Committee
•¦•V The ..Building ¦ Committee : was directed
to investigate the rights of the Police De
partment to I maintain 1 a: carpenter shop
and to: assign any police officer to duty
in, such; a shop. "Wynnheld that under
the charter .carpenter work- shoulU be
done by the Board of Works.
; . The following ordinances . were" passed
to print;, : §hK££§iSB * r v
-JOrdcrlcgthft repaying of the crossing of Pine
nnd Battery streets;' authorizing the extension
of the Army-street sewsr from San Bruno ave
nue to Islala v Creek. : >
Proceedings - were - commenced before
Judge Hunt yesterday by Hiram A, Un
ruh against Florence Blythe-Hinckley-
Moore to recover property which after
litigation extending over a period of sev
eral years was declared to be hers. Mrs.
Moore contends that the 'present proceed
ings are but an attempt to reopen the
litigation and that the decision of the Su
preme Court has settled the matter for
good. . -I'- ;
Claims Blythe Estate.
'Patrick Halleran, an' expressman living
at 851 Fell street, was .taken from 415
Tenth street. Sunday night to the Emer
gency /Hospital to be treated for a contu
sion of the right eye.' He was considera
bly under the influence ofliquor and was
locked up • on a • charge of •; drunkenness.
Yesterday morning, when released, he
said he had been beaten and robbed' of
$15, but he did . not know where or by
whom.
Knocked Down and Robbed.
-Thomas Cunnaneand George Murphy,
peddlers, who ¦ were convicted of petty
larceny by Judge Mogan for stealing live
sacks of beans from ,0'Callaghan, Nelson
AfCo., 116 Davis street, were each-sen
tenced yesterday to four months > In the
County Jail. Murphy . got an . additional
four months for embezzling twenty sacks
of > potatoes from Place & Wayland, 415
Davis street. ' .
Peddlers Sentenced.
City Attorney Lane. advised the Health
Board yesterday that the ordinance pro
hibiting the burial of dead .within \the
city limits does not apply to the tem
porary depositing of bodies in receiving
vaults, awaiting cremation or transporta
tion elsewhere or the perfecting of funeral
arrangements, or for other reason neces
sitating 1 delay in the final disposition of
the body. . . \ ; ; , :•< ..-¦; -
'Burials Within City Limits."'
; Braunhart explained that the accommo
dations in the Hall of Justice were. ample
for the accommodation of the .three crim
inal*, departments of ; the '* Superior : Court.'
In : addition ¦: the Board of Works is about
to j expend j |1000 1 to make further improve
ments. 1 ; He held that. the authority of, the
Boardlof. Supervisors was supreme in the
matter ; of ' assigning quarters ? to i officials,
and Uhat even Judges were * amenable to
the • board's authority, v
¦ The ¦ ordinance •--•: authorizing James H.
' O'Brien ¦ to : macadamize blocks ! on ¦ Chest
nut and Francisco streets. was indefinitely
postponed.- .; :¦ ' v "\ v
• The^reaolutipn directing the Board oX.
Judges Must 'Obey e Board.
:'.'•> The San^ 1?raricisco Club was
granted ; a : permit for : a boxing I contest in
jatiuary; "provided ' that the permit may,
be; revoked •: should , the. board have evi
dence [of 4 any collusion or. fraud, v ,:-.-;:
x / Wilson;' objected, .to granting ; a special
permit.'to erect bay 'windows in buildings
on^WUllam-" street,? as "the street^ Is -less
than "thirty-five* feet in width and" there
Is -a- ¦prohibitory 1 ; ordinance -on. the sub-
Ject:"I- The permit was granted,' however.
i The K resolution V directing the Board of
Works to I remove . the furnishings in I Su
perior ". Judge f Dunne's courtroom ' in the
City.' Hall* arid to • place the Public Li
brary, in possession of ; the chambers was
recommitted, to the Building Committee.
zflVAhcoha i held that it was,.a radical
procedure Vto -drive out a. Judge; from his
quarters ,.' and ; favored . a ; ; more * amicable
arrangement.* Curtis; said It " looked -like
holding ? a i club over ' the Judge ;to - force
his-removal to the Hall of Justice..
Club Secures Permit.
•' The ; rlirht ' of '• way" f or a road'.to th« site
should i commence • at '. Thirty-third ] avenue and
¦l/.'itreet^Bouth,' skirting .the slope' of the hills
witUa.Tvid.th of ° f jrty - feet. -Tha-probable cost
of .'the '.worK^-wftiild fbe: Fences," "2400 feet,
#1300: '-road, -2900 feet in • length, I £2230; [ sewer
to'-taay, .-.#373; iwa-ter from "well- on -a lot 2300
feet ;:rom "the ¦.8it» I ;$t700; total, $5605.
'/Tlie ; Board of /WprkB was directed by
resolution ; to ? . require ., Its Inspectors r to
make; daily i of the manner; in
which ".thev'worK': of sweeping the streets
Is •.done. .,; Also u that monthly reports be
made tOvthe Board :of Supervisors on the
'work.'-^ : v. ; \^\ : ,
! : The i Board - of Public Works transmit
"ted to the^Board of Supervisors yester
day, a; report' of the City Engineer in the
mattei" of the "offer of an eight-acre tract
of. land in.'Bay,VIew*as a site for a pest
house.'. The'report demonstrates that the
offer. to' sell the site for $10,000 will be in
creased by I J5W5 in; order to .make neces
sary improvements. ! The Partridge es
tate], site,; on- the -Bay. View farm, which
has v 'a number; of buildings already ' erect
ed, •¦offered: '.to -the ' city - for $12,bOO, .was
originally accepted by the'board, but res
idents -in ; the -/.vicinity ' have protested
against a 1 , pesthouse being located on the
Sue, and so; procured the offet^ of another
site,". which off er is now before ' the . board.
.The-. report '¦ say s:,i. ¦;.-¦ ¦-. . * . ;• -
The commission : has - fixed : next - Friday
night as the time for. hearing the 'charges
against Galagrher.':> ... ; \- • r: ,*-.:"*
Among the members i of -the Pavers'
Union who appear as wltnessesiagaihst
Gallagher is Florence P. Barnett. He was
a civir service, empioye,' and "while work
ing -on' Bush street one day last October
left his .'.-employment . without •:¦ giving -.• no
tice to somebody* connected m with'- the
Board of Public Works, :, Barnett wafs. in
serious trouble at. the .time. -His .wife had
just died and his-sonwas'dangerouslyjll
at home.' Barnett left his work.. --The sec
retary of the board filed charfcea" against
him, which Barnett • did . not answer. Tho
Civil Service Commission heard: -the
charges' and dismissed Barnett. • Subse
quently it appeared .¦ that 1 in : the * interim
between. the riling of the charges and- the
hearing of the. case -Barnett had been shot
In - the leg. ¦ He ¦ has : not ' since made \"an
effort to secure his restoration' to 'his old
place. •'¦:..; • .• ¦.¦:"• ; ¦¦ :¦¦>..-. ,-.¦
SAN. FRANCISCO. -.Jain. : 17,' 1902.; t
To the Honorable • Board • of a CiVil i ¦ Service ¦
Commissioners — Gentlemen : -j In f t compliance :
with the Instructions of -your.: secretary, '^ Mr.:
Morah, we, the • Pavers'. .Union, in meeting, an- .
sembled,. herewith chargeC.;Hv Gallagheriwith
using the power of Mb position as superintend
ent of stone pavements to request .and compel
the pavers and. rammers and; laborers under i
his jurisdiction to attend Democratic meetings
held at Teutonia Hall, on Howard streets be
tween Ninth and-Tenth, 'in October.;'1901.;\'..'j
And we ' further charge him', with incompe
tency and unfairness. '• As to unfairness;. to wit:.
Michael Lyons, ¦• a . . worthy .-. ' member * of '• . our j
union, who passed civil service • examination
with a hlgrh percentage,' .. for ..the •last;- six;
months he has refused j him work, ; althogu | his
name is on the eligible list,, and I am directed ;
by the union to notify your. ¦ honorable i board
that our union .will .call as .witnesses ;. the , fol- '
lowing named pavers: '.'•'. '<••.:• ' - ;'• : ¦« •:>!•¦
Mlcheal Murphy, Florence. Barnett,- Thomas
O'Kourke, Andrew-.- -McKenna, — Thomas • Me- ;
Grath. ' Patrick Golden/Patrick Connors, .Patr !
rick McGovern, Michael, Lyons, Harry Heaton; '
Dan Delay and also many rammersmen's'la
borers, working during October. .•"• Very -respect- :
fully, v .. . : JOHN. MA.GEE,-. President, ¦'">'
_-,! • ' - 120 .Ninth street. - ¦
Mayor Schmitz exercised yesterday tho 1
prerogative granted him under the' charter |
to remove a .delinquent official,. 'or' one 1
against whom charges . were preferred. •
Charles H. Gallagher, an .employe-' of , the'
Board of Public Works. ''and -.designated'
on the payroll ,, of : the city as. superinten-'
dent of stone paving, has been suspended,;
pending the investigation. of .charges made:
against him by the-Pavers'-Union,! after;
consultation with: Secretary Moranof : the.
Civil Service Commission. . .-*...-: j
The 'charges ' are I embodied : In ! the, fol-;
lowing communication 'sent to: the 5 Civil <
Service Commission I by authority- of v. the
Pavers'' Union, ¦;•> and ¦.-after transmission (
through the intricate channels'; now "pre-,
vailing in the City Hall, reached, the May- i
or, who promptly • took .;• actton. •• ; The '
charges read as foil ws:; . ..'. ;. .'V,!-.'! v ;
City Engineer Reports
:; on Necessity of a
'¦':* r/i Road way.
Uses Authority in Case
of Board o£ Works; - i
Subordinate;! «>•
INCREASES COST
OF PESTHOUSE
themselves and myself, I feel that my woik
is not as congenial as it was in the past. I
therefore tender you my resignation as a mem
ber if the Board of Education," to take effect
at your pleasure. Respectfully yours, . -
JOHN B. CASSERLY.
It is understood that the- intention of
Mayor Schmitz to • remove. Casserly was
prompted by the. complaints of a number
of .teachers who were.' recently placed on
trial for ( certain . charges . and afterward
dismissed from the department. Casserly
always acted . as judge - advocate at the
trials and was at all times arbitrary in
his rulings against the .accused peda
gogues. .. . -.
The next two Commissioners who may
feel the force of the Mayor's displeasure
are P. H. McCarthy of the Civil Service
Board, who opposed the Union Labor par
ty-at the last election, and Colonel'Men
dell, against whom charges of advancing
infirmity have been brought by the Fed
eration.of Mission Improvement Clubs.
MEMBER OF. THE BOARD " OF
EDUCATION WHO HAS RE
SIGNED.
Judga Percy V. Long, president; William M.
Abbott, vice president; R. C. Van Fleet, treas
urer: Luther Elkins, financial secretary; John
T. Gibson, secretary: directors. Ralph Hathorn.
Bruce Cornwall, Louis Beedy, Bert Gibbons,
Edward Treadwell and Frank Macbeth.
• Judge Hunt will preside at a stefeoptl
con lecture at Native Sons* Hall Wednes
day evening, January 22. for the benefit
of the club. . .
Among the statesmen and politicians at
the Palace Hotel yesterday were ex-Con
gressman John A. Barham of Santa Rosa,
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan,'
Governor Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles,
Commodore Fulton G. Berry of Frwno,
Major Frank McLaughlin of Santa Cruz,
John D. Mackenzieof San Jose, John W.
Mitchell of Los Angeles and George Hat
ton, political manager of Senator George
C. Perkins. . - . _
The Fremont Republican Club recently
elected the following officers for the en
suing year:'' ' *
Collector Stratton has no hesitancy in
saying that the. chief clerk must be gen
ial and courteous. Cress Unger has
been in the Custom-house- for many,
many years, and every year's service has
added- to his fund of geniality. Long: con
tinued service under the Government de
velops • surliness in • some, adipose In
many and geniality in but few. Charles
H. Blinn, who is backed by General
Barnes, is on the list of genials and like
wise on the list of eligible*, v He has won
every- election for quartemaster of George
H. Thomas Post since the organization of
that band of veterans. Recently Colonel
Babcock was a candidate for Pension
Agent to succeed Colonel Jesse B.* Fuller,
but now he comes to the. front as an as
pirant for the chief clerkship In the Cus
tom-house. Alameda County, where the
colonel dwells, is the favored zone in the
award of Federal patronage. Four years
ago Oakland presented- several candidates
for Postmaster of San Francisco. - , *_• s
Clement Perkins, W. B.' Hamilton and
Colonel . Babcock are not on the eligible
list under civil service requirements. Col
lector Stratton' inclines to the opinion that
the Secretary of the Treasury may take
the position from the list so that the
wants of all candidates may have impar
tial consideration.' •
The salary of the chief clerk was for
merly $3600 per, annum, but it was in
creased to $4000, and will probably remain
at the latter figure. The salary would
not be considered high In the New York
Custom-house, where ten of the deputies
receive each a salary of $8000 per annum,
but the figure is regarded as good in the
San Francisco' Custom-house.
The duties . of.: the • office are important.
In the absence of the Collector the chief
clerk can, under the Jaw, sign checks fo"
money. The Government in various
branches of the public service disburses
vast sums of money through the Collector
of , Customs. • -.- ¦ ¦'• r i -'~ :
.Cress Unger, now acting as chief clerk:
George Cope, auditor; Clement Perkins, nephew
of Senator Perkins; W. B. Hamilton, special
deputy; Charles H. Blinn, indorsed by General
W. H. L. Barnes; C. • J. Evans, examiner of
merchandise; A. N. Frlck, chief deputy In th«
Internal revenue office under John C. Lynch;
D J. O"L.eary, president of Toung Men's In
stitute; Colonel George W, Babcock of Ala
meda. Colonel Thomas H. Cralr: 8. I*. Woos
ter, chief weigher, and C. L. Brown, drawback
clerk; •'¦..: -. : :,- ; ¦ ; • ¦ ¦
The appointment will be made by Col
lector Stratton. Reports that the subject
will* be referred to Washington are mis
leading. Among the men who have filed
request for appointment are:
There Is a legion of applicants for the
place In the Custom-house made vacant
by the death of E. B. Jerome. The posi
tion is worth contending for, as the sal
ary Is $4000 a year, with fair prospect of
life tenure. The office known as i chief
clerk of the Collector is in the civil ser
vice list, but the Treasury Department
may take It out of the list and so render
eligible applicants who are now in the
service and who have not sustained the
ordeal of civil service examination. -¦ .Y"
Chief Clerkship in th6
Custom-House Is
the Prize.
MAYOR SUSPENDS
A CITY EMPLOYE
"You are aware of the charter ' provi
sion which makes it obligatory upon mem
bers of the board to attend, strictly : to
their duties. I understand that you have
been very .derelict" but ' before the
Mayor could proceed any further Casserly
dove down into: his pocket and . bringing
up a paper said: .' - - : — ' ' .. ,
"Well, I suppose things will not be very
agreeable for ¦ me any longer, iso -.1 -have
prepared my resignation, which is to : be
effective at your pleasure." ,\ . v ¦ ¦'. •'
Casserly then handed his resignation to
Mayor Schmitz, it being as follows:
. : SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20,' 1902.
Hon. E. E. S»hmltE — My Dear Sir: -Al
though, all my relations •, with my colleagues
have been most harmonious, nothlne but the
kindest feelings existing, I, hope, between
"I understand,. Mr. Casserly," said his
Honor, without any preliminaries, "that
you have attended but one meeting of the
Board of Education since the beginning
of the year." » ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ '.
Casserly replied that the Mayor: . had
been correctly Informed. . < c-
It is common rumor around the City
Hall that Casserly simply forestalled , his
own removal at. the hands . of Mayor
SchmlU by resigning. The chief.execu
tive has been quietly pursuing, investiga
tions of some of Phelan' s Commissioners
for offensive partisanship and neglect. of
duty. His Honor . had received reports
that Casserly was' not- devoting, his. en
tire time to the duties of his office as the
charter prescribes. The Mayor sent for
Casserly, and the latter had an" audience
with his chief yesterday. ; •
SCHOOL. DIRECTOR JOHN, li.
¦ CASSERLY placed his reslgna
i tion from the position to which
he was appointed two years j ago
by former Mayor Phelan In'. the
hands of Mayor Schmitz yesterday. .The
resignation was accepted and his . Honor
will lose no time in appointing" a succes
sor. ¦¦ ' • . . •'* : .' . ¦ ¦ ..:'.••-
LARGE FIELD
OF ASPIRANTS
SQUANDERS MONEY ALONG
THE "COCKTAIL ROUTE"
"Warrant Out for Oxen Heydenfeldt'*
Arrest for Disturbing the
Peace.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday
afternoon In Judge Mogan's court for th«
arrest of Oxen Heydenfeldt. 1040 Post
street, on the charge of disturbing the
peace. The complaining witness is his
sister. Miss Eltran Heydenfeldt. His wlf o
at first wanted to have him arrested on
the charge of battery, but when ahe was
made aware of the fact that she would
have to appear and testify In the Police
Court she declined to swear to the com
plaint. So Miss Heydenfeldt swore to the
complaint charging him with disturbing
the peace.
Miss Heydenfeldt said her brother had
that morning drawn S3000 from the bank
and was, she had been Informed, spend
ing it recklessly along the "cocktail
route." Her object chiefly was to get him
arrested to prevent him squandering the
money.
Heydenfeldt is a son of the deceased
millionaire capitalist. Solomon P. Heyden
feldt. the contest of whose will occupied
the attention of the courts for a consider
able time.
Our. annual shipments of horses to
Great Britain have a cash value of over
$5,000,000, not counting recent sales to ths
War Office for use in the South African
campaign.
Inquiry among the members of the
Board of Health last night developed the
Information that any action the Mayor
might take concerning the board causes
little fear. The physicians treat the pend
ing inquiry lightly and assert that as they
were appointed for four years they would
in all probability remain on deck ¦ for the
.remainder of their terms. Although* no
statement . to that effect was made, ¦ the
inference was unmistakable that any radi
cal action of the Mayor involving the. sus
pension or. removal of the members of the
board would be resisted in the courts.
-That 'this, will . be a test case . to '. deter
mine the- powers of the Mayor in the
premises is a certainty. •'-.-'. h ~
' While it is conceded amongnhe poli
ticians that • the Mayor has determined
upon the removal of the board, hia refusal
to formally admit that fact is based upon
the theory that he does not desire to give
away his hand in advance and thereby
supply the health officials with ammuni
tion against himself, and the use of
which must inevitably result in protracted
litigation. • . • ' „
The antagonism existing between the
local and. State Boards .of Health is also
being inquired Into by the Mayor with a
view of determining where the fault lies.
The Mayor holds that these bodies should
act in complete harmony, and that if this
is not the case the interests of the city
are not. subserved. ¦ The management of
the , County Hospital,' which, during the
term, of the present board, has been pro
lific of considerable scandal, is a matter
which is receiving the attention of the
executive, with the sole purpose of fixing
the responsibility. That the Mayor has
been supplied with considerable testimony,
oral and documentary, on these points, Is
generally admitted about the City Hall.
Antagonism Between Boards.
That the Mayor has a surprise in store
for tno health oiticials nas been apparent
to hia political advisers and friends lor
some days past. Whether by accident or
.design, it Is^known. that" the Mayor and
several prominent State otncials held a
long conference a. few days since, at
which the sole topic of conversation was
the local Board of Health. Tne I Mayor
desired to be well informed upon the acts
of the board during the bubonic plague
excitement of three years ago. It is said
the Mayor was furnished with consider
able unpublished data relative to the op
erations of the board during that period
of v terror which resulted in the quaran
tining of California by all the world, and
that such action as he may take in the
premises will be largely predicated 'upon
the information thus obtained.
The Board of Health is composed of the
following named physicians: J. M. Wil
liamson, R. .W. Baum. V. P. Buckley, W.'
D. McCarthy, "W. B. Lewitt and James W.
Ward. With the exception- of the last
named all were reappointed to otticeby
Mayor l J helan j when the charter went
into effect two years ago, and under the
charter provisions their terms of office
are for four years. Dr Ward was recently
appointed by Mayor Schmitz. His fellow
members, notabljt Drs. Williamson and
Baum, have held office for five years. Dr.
Williamson was particularly active dur
ing the bubonic plague scare, and his
quarantine of Chinatown brought the
city into unenviable notoriety throughout
the East -and resulted, in a tremendous
loss to the business not only of San Fran
cisco, but of the entire State.
Has Surprise in Store.
•/.wave' you", not said within a few days
past that tne uoaru of .neaitn nau proveU
itself 10 be uom extravagant and mem
cient by reason ol iis course uunng tne
buoonic piague excitement, it ror no
oilier?" ¦ - ¦
• 'me Mayor replied evasively that he
wouid act within a weeK or ten days. He
hao. no stattmein to maite lor puDllca
tion, txcepc tnat ne-vr'as mvesugaung tne
Doaras uiilciai ucts xor two years
past, rie aecuned to say whetiier his 111
uuiry nad reached tnat stage whicn
wouid, enable him to arrive at a conclu
sion as to the justice of tne complaints
against the physicians composing that
body.
' "1 know, however, what I am doing,"
he* said yesterday. "I am , investigating
the Board of Health because I believe it
is my duty and because \ the public inter
est demands; a searching inquiry. Tnus
far little has been done.' ,
"Have you mscovwed any evidence
justifying cnarges of extravagance and
incompetency against the^nemuers of tue
ooarui" '¦• • 5
•*i cannot discuss the matte? at this
time." ' : .
Theivlayoris not willing to admit that
he has arrived ,at ; a conclusion in , the
mattei. In fact, he "says heibas not yet
made up his mind Just. what to do.
The removal of the physicians compos-
Ing the City Board of Health^nas " been
decided upon by Mayor Schmitz, and un
less - the unforeseen happens proceedings
to that end will be begun within the next
ten 'days by -the city's executive.
Radical Action by the City's
Executive Will Be
Resisted.
Searching Inquiry Now
Being Made by the
v ; Mayor.
WILL REMOVE
HEALTH BOARD
SCHMITZ AFTER THE SCALPS OF DELINQUENTS
THE SAN FRAnOISCO CALt, TUESDATf JANUARY 21, 1903.
CASSERLY RESIGNS SEAT
IN BOARD OF EDUCATION
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ; A SUIT OF WHITE. _
j gs «tJN every cake of Ivory Soap there-are 100
MM f complete suits of rich, creamy lather. Before
dressing, put on a suit of Ivory Soap. Cover j ..
l^dgil the entire body from head to foot with
; lather. Take the suit off with tepid water and you
' - will remove with it all the impurities of the body
which have been carried to the surf ace, through the
pores. Use a pure soap for this. . .
IVORY SOAP— 99 4 >i& PER CENT. PUREi
torfmattt imi wr Ttn hwctih * ««mih eo. eiweimi»Tt _ p
ADVEBTISEME3STT3.
IT IS A SHAME FOR
ANY CASE OF |
PILES
j TO BE CUT,
'7 • ¦'-'..•'.*- i,<
' "~— -~ •'/',
MODERN SCIENCE HAS COM- \i
pletely mastered the disease ;£
; without surrcry or delay. DO. NOT ;?
I ALLOW YOURSELF TO BE »
I* BUTCHERED UNTILTOUHAVE {£
', INVESTIGATED. Over one thou- j!|
! sand cases permanently cured,;;!;
, without a single failure, 500 of , i
1* whom live In the city of San Fran- I z
Cisco. THE NAMES OF 73 PROM- 2Z
INENT BUSINESS MEN SENT h
AS REFERENCE. Do not take \ f t\
i my word for It, but find out what < is
:! they have to say. The worst cases ''>',
J wanted. "Write to-day for further '','<',
it particulars. Address RESIDENT i'}',
] PHYSICIAN, box 2673, Call Office, K
< San Francisco. i: ''<',
Geo. H. Fuller Desk
REMOVAL SALE.
We offer our immense stock of OF-
FICE FTJBNITUBE at greatly reduced
prices during next 30 DATS.
638-640 Mission Street.
TEETHWPLATESSB 00
We are . making a specialty ol torldgework
employing experienced workmen and usln* the
best materials. Why wear plates when you
can have teeth without them? Credit if de-
sired. No students.
CHALMERS DENTAL CO.
San Francisco, 133 Fcwell Strict.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KjroW^ AND BKMABLE OLD
«f^P,« tal J stc ? r " B1< xxl Poison. Gonorrhcea,Gleet,
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free.
?, 7 M^7 e V« x|Wrierice - Tern] » reasonable. Hours,
tatlon tree and sacredly conQden tial. Call oraddxesa
¦ :/• «O8cob Hearuiirr. ji. d.
MK Kcuuy Sfc, Mail Fnaeisc* C*L
'i To-day we start a sale of a lot of neckties we wish! *
to clear out right away in order to make room for. our
incoming spring stock. J- )
The ties are all silk and come in hundreds of pat-
J terns and colorings. In fact, the assortment represents
ties taken from every different line in the store selling
? at 25c and 50c. The shapes are four-in-hands, puffs, .
tecks and band bows; the values are 25c and 50c— every
- ' While we have, selected hundreds of ties for this sale, we expect
* them to sell out in a day or so, as the values offered are so un-
| usual. We advise your calling early. ; •
f Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 "Market Street.
<l|iiuiiuiiiHaHM«tnii«iii«iBiiwMmM ,. -¦¦iiirwmriw^HB^nHI^VBB^nr